t. - ' r.UTHE. Vs'-t;.Haaa'Bl . M On OT &. ft V 3kv mm ini - -tH- - --r.Hi. VB B HHT HB Hjr- j -y? -T-1PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, APRIL 19, 1918BOURBONVifliwl.-NIX ON BISMAEK! ENTER BUR-TON!From patriotic motives and because of the fact that his surname,Bismark, rankled in the breast of anAmerican patriot, Mr. B. A. Frank,senior partner in the dry goods firmof L. Frank & Co., has petitioned theCounty Court to be permitted tcchange his name to Burton ApiendaFrank.Mr. Frank is one of the most patriotic men in Paris, having been atall times a prime mover in all affairs that pertained to the interestof t?ie city, the county, the Stateand the Nation. He has been one ofthe foremost workers in the RedCross, the Liberty Loan and otherpatriotic movements and his loyalty to America has been one of hisproudest possessions. Mr. Franktakes the name of his .mother, whowas Miss Amende, a sister of thelate Prof. A. Amende, well-knownto Paris people, as his middle name.COME IN AND HAVE A LOOKA BEAUTY CAR,COUNCIL PROCEEDINGS.The regular ,meeting of the CityCouncil, scheduled for last Thursday night, was adjourned in order toafford the members and others anopportunity to attend the meetingheld at the Gra-nd Opera Houss.when Mrs. Ida Meglone Gibson delivered her lecture on conditions inFrance. The meeting of the Council was held at a later date.After the transaction of routinecosiness the Sanitary Committeewjiij lutaruuLea to mane a new contract with Woods Bros, for the useof the old lime kiln lot as a publicdumping ground. An address alongthe lines of public health and sanitary suggestions was made to theCouncil by Dr. A. H. Keller, CityHealth Officer. On jmotion thecounty rock quarry, which is situated in the city limits, was exempted from the city taxes. TheAmerican Telephone & TelegraphCo. was also exempted from taxation, and its assessment valuationfixed at $500 for the year of 1917.. On motion, after considerable discussion, it was decided to drop al5litigation in the matter of the cityagainst the New Independent Tobacco Warehouse Company, whichcajme up a few years ago over theerection by the Company of theirtobacco warehouse contrary to thelaws. The Company to pay all thelegal costs. Talbott & Whitleypresented a statement showing thatif the case should "have to go to theCourt of Appeals, the costs would inli probability amount to about ?500.The Council had been advised thatthey had no legal right to specifythe character of building the company should erect, as it was outsideof the fire zone, hence the actiontaken.The Improvement Committee wasauthorized to advertise for bids forthe construction of additional sewers in the South end of the city, soas to ascertain the probable cost ofsame before the bonds recently voted for the purpose, w.ere placed ontlie market. The Council authoriz--edMayor January to give the jmeni-be-rsof the police force instructions-aa to the proper performance oftheir duties toward a prisoner after making an arrest. The Mayorw.ts alsn insfniftted in flfArtjHn tlinl -denee. and James McClure, on-whereabouts of Union Pacific Rail-story stock and tobacco barn.JMAINTENANCE OP EFFICIENCY THIRTY-EIGHT DRAFTEES TOA. n ,-4. T777 I EAVE MONDAY, APRIL 29.And Credit of Public Utility Coin- ,.panies Essential. j The Bourbon County Board of Ex-f. . jemption received orders yesterdayNational and State Banks, and to notify thirty-eight Bourbonmany thousands of small and lare county men, under the terms of hinvestors, have suffered serioustV) recently issued order for the selecfrom the decline of the earning ca- tiye draft service, to present thempacity of public utility corporations ' selves at the headquarters of thohu.i. oimuiutge in mo. " in wie court house, on Mor-yalue of their securities, represent day, april 29, prepared to leave atmg investments of many hundred j 7:45 a. m., over the L. & N formillions of dollars. TJiprp liCamn Znohar rp0,rl . T ' ,IN THE SERVICE OF THEIRCOUNTRY.PARIS DENTIST NARROWLY ESCAPES DROWNING.While enroute to the home of hisfather. Hon. Frank Comer,, at Gamaliel, Ky., Dr. James H. Comer,of Paris, had a narrow escape from;drowning, when his fpam nf -hLaL, plunged into a water hole twenrvHave you seen the new Studebakercar? It is a beauty. Come in andtake a look.H. L. J.BAL.DWIN.(It) Agent.Wi fe ftnFORMER PARIS BOY IN OPTOMETRY SERVICE.Word has been received that Wallace Shively, formerly of Paris, nowin Detroit, Mich., has successfullypassed the examination to become anoptometrist, and had been given aprivate office in that capacity in Detroit by an optical company. Youn?Shively is a son of S. W. Shively, ofLexington, who moved to Parissome months ago.way stock, amounting to $1,000.which had been given to the city,the interest on which is to be usedfor the benefit of the Maseie Memorial Hospital.Building permits were granted toA. L. Boatright for a frame garageon Walker avenue; J. J. Veatcfc,one and one-half story frame resize1FRANK&CO.THE RELIABLE STORE-t-V-!,,- New ,SeasonableMerchandiser.S2 'vcArrivingDailjTiS tti!.... I. -, . . . .iirtiuiany aiminisn the nower anddisposition of the public to respondto the calls of the Government formoney for war. This danger shouldarouse, I venture to suggest, th2anxiety and stimulate the efforts otthe .Congress and of every patriot;-;citizen. A more urgent and pressingperil is forced upon our attention bythe obvious fact that we are dependent so largely on the efficiency andstrength of these corporations andon our railroads for speed and success in preparing for and prosecuting the war.The corporations referred to supply light, heat, power, and electricrailway transportation for passengers and freight. They touch intimately the daily life of the people.In normal time they have been fdorite targets for sneers and savagecriticisms from large parts of thepublic and the press. In some instances doubtless, they have deserved and invited hostility. Iiiothers, the attacks upon them nrob-ably have been unjust and unreasonable. Frequently they have beenthe victims or beneficiaries of localpolitics, suffering injury in the endin either case. Yet, generally, thoywere able to serve the needs of theircommunities with reasonable efficiency and to earn fair returns on themoney invested in them. Now theyare threatened with ruin. If theyare allowed to sink into inefficiency,much of the most important warwork of the Government will becrippled or paralyzed.The work of war has thrown uponmany of these corporations strainswhich they are unable to endurewithout prompt help. The cost oftheir labor and of all material foroperation, betterment, and upkeephave increased heavily and suddenly.They are required to increase radically and quickly their service andfacilities. Industries manufacturingwar munitions and materials depiand 526 Felix Hickmanof the-public utilities carnoration'T 32 Grant .Crooks.constantly greater supplies of power Charlie Ed. Mason.,and light. At the industrial cen-. ?ie7is.RnkinsLxtoueri jtienry miner iviaaaenNotifications were mailed out yester-aay atternoon by County ClerkPearce Paton, Secretary of the Board.The men will be furnished the usualsmokes and toilet articles beforetheir departure. They will be required to report to the Board on theday previous to their departure, aniwill be permitted to spend the nightat their homes, if so desired, or ata place designated by the Board.Tlie notices calling to the colorswere mailed to the following men,twenty-three white and fifteen colored: WHITE.319 John Breckinridsre Arderv.I 364 Virgil Harney.6Hd Russell T. Stephens.410 Jesse Grover Fuller.459 Rodney Withers Martin.474 Harry Leeds.478 Victor McCampbell Williams. '479 -Lee Kerr.491 Frank Taylor.4,99 Virgil Peterson.507 Reuben Lee Clinkenbeard.531 Bert Columbia.540 Allen Mason.549 Clyde Shanks.550 Ed Mitchell.553 Joe B. Snapp.605 Hiram W. Beeding.611 Thopnas McVey.614 Ben Howard.634 William Claybrook Jacoby.641 Joseph Small.649 Albert P. Johnson.655 Cleve Lewis.656 John Webb.662 Mike Shannon.672 Milton Prebble.683 Isaac Eurove.COLORED.415 Offutt Spears442 Robert Barton.447 Washington Holmes.457 Thompson Parker.460 John Jackson.466 John Adams Mucker.486 Ben Hillman. '489 Joe Mitchell Keller.509 Alonzo Brown.525 Rufus B. Johnson.Ben Leach and Carl Mitchell, oPans, who have been stationedthe navy training station have been ! ," JS,;. , " Rtransferred to the Naval Operating fs- mCldent M f0lBase ekt Hampton Roads, Virginia I T'o, an,They are memhers of Co. E. Untt 0f f Kv"" ST" Jim ,ComeB. wh,h iR tun t !.'..., lFaris. Ky. came through here oanis way to visit his father. Hon?-r (r f a' .AS j2!p''J?rW T:hlBufths. .9t- m:Z ,4c.-". eat -adS5Art -r-as.1-tffc;rH'!?.-: -'$fFRANK & GO.ters, car lines are being rushed andoverburdened by new armies of workers. The gas companies are calledupon for gas for cooking and heatingin quantities beyond all normal calculations and far beyond their present capacities. They are urged continually to furnish more coke andcoal by-products, toluol, and othorelements absolutely essential himodern warfare. Where cantonments have been established, the demands on the resources of water,lighting and transportation companies are especially severe; ability tocomply with such demands is necessary for the safety and comfort ofthe fighting men in training.A committee representing the fourleading associations, which includeall the principal electric light andpower companies, street railwaycompanies, and the most importautgas companies of the country, recently submitted to this office a report in which attention was askedto the increase within the last! twoyears in the cost of materials theymust use for the maintenance oftheir properties.They gave a list of percentages ofadditional cost, showing among others the following items:Increase From 1915 to 1917.Per Cent.Copper wire 180Pipe, cast-iron 100Axles . .i 272Acids '.'.'.'. 182Brass 300Car forgings 216Castings, malleable 198Copper, bar and sheets .. . ." 127Lead, pig and sheet 127Nails .s noSteel, tool X 400Tie-plates 1 27SThe continual and increasing efficiency of these corporations is important for the successful conduct ofthe w.ar. 'This efficiency is not nos-sible with present conditions. Corporations proved by their own figuretu.ue a-yproacning dankruntcv .cannqt obtain. money Tor .improvement?o .maintenance. On ifie other fan!,bipks and citizens sufferine: severeloraes, from investments in the secm-lties ot .these- entirely legitimateand once , promising: entemrises willb 'dfccourtged from 'lending moneyB, which is taken to mean they willsoon be sent on board some battleship for active training.When asked yesterday in regardto the promotion of her son, Ensign Harold Harris, Mrs. ErnestHarris, of Paris, stated to THENEWS: "I have had no information froni my son in regard to hijpromotion, excepting a brief notestating that he had received an appointment as Warrant Oflftcer in theU. S. Navy. No mentionvwas madeof the ship on which he is serving,or the locality or position of anyship in the service."From "some port on the Atlanticcoast" a letter came a few days a?oto Mr. and Mrs. Walker Kfser, fromtheir son, Wallace Kiser, who is amember of the aviation corps, :n.which he stated that he was thenabout to embark for the trip overseas for "some place in France."Another son, Kenney Kiser, has justfinished a radio course at HarvardCollege, and will leave soon forFrance as a member of the Engineering Corps in the radio serviceBoth young men volunteered in tht?service from a firm sense of dutv.jThey will ,make ideal defenders oftheir country.ranic uomer, of Gamaliel. He secured a team and negro driverfrom Pedigo & Son, two horses anda single buggy, with side curtain?,lap robes etc. Dr. Comer had on anovercoat with a slicker all-over, asit was a raw day. When they reach-ved the Parker ford, on Barren riverwithin about a mile of Gamaliel,and had almost reached the fartherbank, they ran into a washout, andthe horses plunged into a holetwenty feet deep. Dr. Comer wasthrown over the dash board ontothe horses, and, notwithstanding hisheavy clothing, managed by hardwork to reach the shore, but notwithout the very hardest of 'work,and the closets kind of escape. Helost his pocketbook and valise. Thenegro jumped to one side and he toomanaged to get out, Both horseswere drowned and the buggy badlytorn up. With the help of a blockand tackle the horses' bodies weredrawn from the river and strippedof harness."E3i Jsq m&STETSON HATS.Spring shapes at $5 and $6.J. W. DAVIS & CO.1 Tss feHERE'S PATRIOTISM!560-562 John Mack Miller.563 Jesse Richardson.565 Alfred Biddle.573 Ollie Simpson Lewis.592 Ben Harrison Brown.?5l 13 1FEESH HSH TO-DAY.Fresh fish received i'f or to-day andto-morrow's trade. We dress themfree of charge. ,'MARGOLEN'S 'SANITARY MEAT(16-2t MARKET.1 MMFIVE HUNDRED BUSHELS GOODSEED CORN.I have about five hundred bushelsof good Seed Corn of my own raisingfor sale at $5.00 per bushel.(16-2t) H. L. BALDWIN.to the Governmentor- -deprived o?be exercised by the State Commissions and municipal authorities, andthat the corporations also be peimitted to niake such additions totheir "charges for service as willkeep in them the breath of solvency,protect their owners against unjustloss, and give them a basis of crediton which they may obtain the fundswith which to meet the strain puton them by the Government's needsThe breaking down of these corporations would be a national calamity.Because of the gravity of the situation 'in this regard, I am moved toask for it the careful attention of thoGongress and the public. I am impressed with the importance of earlyconsideration ry the Congress ofsome measure to provide directly orindirectly for advance of funds onsome conservative basis to such ofthese corporations as need help moturgently, so that they can give adequate servicd to the Government!The Temedy would be unusual; butthe times are unusual. :The amount of railroad and otherpublic servide bonds owned by thenational banHs June: 30, 1917, wasreported at 'If (JlOOO.O'OO. This isequal'to approximately 70 per cent,of the capital'stock of the banka.With appropriate aid from theGovernment through the Congress:with liberal recognition by local authorities 6f-tho present acute condi-Jtions; and with some practical1- provision' to fenabfe' the coTpdrationa tomeet their own needs and' 'those ofthe co'uhtry the danger now pressing and becoming more serious witheach day will he removed, the general business interest df the counFIVE HUNDRED BUSHELS GOODSEED CORN.I have about five hundred bushelsof good Seed Corn of my own raisingfor sale at $5.00 per bushel,(16-2t) H. L. BALDWIN.NOTICE.To subscribers of the Second Liberty Loan:This Bank has just receivedRegistered Bonds of theSecond Liberty. Loan -andis now ready to deliver '- tosubscribers.FIRST NATIONAL BANKParis, Ky.(aprl9-2t)How is this for a patriotic record?General Agent W. V. Shaw, of theParis office, reports that he turnedin to the Liberty Bond fund yesterday fourteen Liberty Bonds payments, representing the collectionmade from subscriptions taken in"the offices of the L. & N. in thiscity. Every member of the . ofllc3forces, in both the freight and passenger "departments, became voluntary subscribers to the fund, eachone taking a $50 Liberty Bond.The day laborers took out War Savings Stamp subscriptions to theirlimit.The Louisville &. Nashville employes41 ittParis3xa: set -a, j-exem--,pie it might oe wen- for others tofollow. Nearly every man in theyard force and "on the road" is thoowner of one or more Liberty Bond-?,while their families have investedtheir savings in War Thrift Stamps!theLmea-ns to lend.The first and most direct relief tcthe public utilities corporations canbe given by the State public utilitiescommissions. and, trmniinoT n-rsA in.nink ... s;r ;"""" auu ww erai Dusmess interest or xne coun-j authorities, with the broamindpd try will be fostered the ability' and,coopera.Uonof.the people generally,- jread'iness of tlie public to respondV- necessHies of war, to calls for money will be maintaiuana realizing. that the more prompt-'-ed, knd urgent' requirements for theJLl? ?ln.,are accepted the defense 'of the couKtry'a life-aiid Assooner will beif ted. jt is -essential , surknce ofroirf freedom atfd peacessitfiat forebearanc .amtf consideration' wilfeiet.'city-WE KNOW HOWUSB GOODJUDGMENTIn Buying YourSpring Suit.Buy From the Store ThatWill Give You Value ForYour Dollars SpentOUR YOUNG MEN'S SUITS FOR$25 and $30have no equal when it comes to style,fit, service and price. Stylish patterns in solid greens, tans, greys and' olives, one-button single-breasted andv double-breasted sacks made on individual lines not found in other ready-a-wear-clothes.SUln-IUch ami Mklwt!Stern's farmms clothts artsold only fry us.rlf ht, mrw spring pat!' terns In Manhattan Shirtsr fancy silks, llntn madrasclaths and crtats.John B. Stetson Jfats and.NottMon SpringMrii"TWv:iHiKSiAMlMITCHELL & BLAKEMOREnXras yE&rsZ3s. 111lVaIXIvaI11VIIxa-Ix:111j-11. v5IXt--T:"WJtiAuJnv3L Vn -'JSITHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.FRIDAY, APRIL If, lilt."AGE TWO?Ll SfS iS -fim BOURBON NEWS&blisliea 188136 Years of Continuous PublicationUPitblished Every Tuesday and Friday3fcr Year.. $2,00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Adavance.c t-. SWEET CHAMP,. Editor and Owner.Any erroneous reflection upon taeflfccc&cter, standing or reputation oi.4y person, firm or corporation which".F appear in the columns o THEHfcOURBON NEWS will be gladly corA"oted if brought to attention of the--Cttor.VADVERTISING RATES-SMsplay Advertisements, $1.00 pertSmii for first time; 50 cents per inchsjch. subsequent insertion.".Reading Notices, 10 cents per linevCfcdi issue; reading notices in blacktypo. 20 centsvper line, each issue." ,fcirds -of thanks, calls on candi--j&tes, obituaries and resolutions, andEmUar matter, 10 cents per line.. Special rates for large advertiseveeats and yearly contracts. mr v ' 'The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or otherNfca.tler for publication.'," Announcements for political officestsawfit invariably be accompanied by. tfeo cash.- - - This paper has enlistedrith the government in the'Cause of America for the--period of the war - -EDITOEIAL MUSINGS.'. ".rNPrepare For Peace..-Now, if ever, is the time for the."jELUblishers of small town newbpapercfto set their houses in order. Now is-' jtke time for them to grasp with vis-'fZmn. the changed conditions they3aust meet when the war ends andrfthe smoke of battle passes awayV IThe world will never be just exactly- as it used to be. The newspaperswill face a universe weary of strife,: i" world exhausted, and they mustlead in the general rehabilitation.- . TFttfiymustbe organized to play their" ''part in the reconstruction effect-lively. They must be sufficiently" ikeen and sufficiently strong to make-" their influence felt in every corner,.the l&nd. The hope of the nation-- "Erects in the country press, for the?vJCouiitry press is the world press af-ter all, not perhaps in a news sense,TVbut it is the dominant factor in"TFOJcing the convictions and desires-xf the tillers of the soil, as repre-v -seating the soul of the democracy,jr-as speaking for the real men and thesrexl women of the nation, the mentand women whose united voices-.speak the last word and really govern vital public action. These aresad days for the lounge lizards, and'''they will be Fadder as the months-toII by. The problems of Americaf- -csure to be met and solved by heal-"thier blood than that which stag--"-Elates in the arteries emanating- Irom the bright lights of Broadway.-? Don't "Slow Up Advertising.INever has there been a time when' ."Ebp public has looked more keenly"r ' far merchandising news than now.Tj, Never has there been a time more'-' auspicious for the enterprisingtradesmen to secure his full shareho trade than now. People mujt-continue to eat. to wear and to use.The tendency is to cut out luxu,xies, and luxuries are only a comparatively small proportion of yourt3usiness. For every luxury cut outlyou have a chance to increase your. movement of staples. How short'.sighted is the policy of reducing advertising expense in order to "savomoney." You will only lose trad'i.You will only lose prestige.Advertise to increase sales andmake more money; don't cut it outto 'save money. Study your adver"" tifiing as you never did before do It"wisely and do 'it well. Be prosper-gus and let the people know that you-V jure prosperous. Success was neverUairied by stopping advertisings or. Ty bearing old clothes and talking5-. pessimism. Be wise and advertise.Give Yenr All. J' ffwe realized jthe full extent of;the grave danger in which tftiswunx?y vis anr w-aay every puua.uti Would be turned1? inside out, 'and'-rfcvery c11 t"hictfwe have would op$Tut tofke r disposal of the Goveta-4ment.lthat rtjne of brave Freac-and Britislif' and American 'bos,'riiould be battered to pieces by tho?vHu& invaders 'ariflkthe channel .portsI'should be takw boys vin Franc1would be left absolutely at the mercy,",f the Huns. Figland and AmericaJ"wb1ild bB cut ofT from ahTpplng any-more troops or supplies to France'iAmo power shortM)f the miraculousWoid. lceep the Germans from con-iuerlag tke world. Da your bit,iay by day. Men and women, wake Jt -a!p. Buy Liberty Bonds and WarJS,vings Stamps, Thrift Stamps. TheGovernhierit ifks u to lnd'Jewthing 'you -Uiavep tf rom twesfcy-fil'Pcents up, not to -give but to lend, inthis licur of terrible ''need;. Theman or woman who does not respondto this call now will blush -withshame as long as they live at everymention of the war. Don't let thatbe you!Still Plowing.Anyway the bad weather hasn'tinterfered with putting in the greatwar crop which America needs thisyear. The gardens look a little bitchilly, but the, farmers are stillplowing. They are observable alonany road leading out of Paris sticking to the job as if the weatherwere wholly seasonable.We recall from boyhood days thefact that a cool April means moreplowing per team than a warm Apiil.and hardens the mules and horsesfor the summer grind without exhausting them and pulling themdown in flesh. If it grows hot inMay the teams are prepared for iland will stand it like a tractor, butan early hot spring without muchrain is neither good for land norbeasts. It dries the ground too muchand wears down the teams before thesummer begins.The present spring is not as badto the farmers of Bourbon county asit looks to the Paris motorists wliplike to roll over the country roads mthe warm sunshine at this time ofthe year, and to war gardeners whose"garden sass" is making slow growthin tlie cold ground.No More Cheap Chawin'The Courier-Journal lets out along ringing howl against apples atfive cents each, and the declarationof storage warehousemen and fruitdealers that there are 8,000 barrelsof apples in cold storage in Louisville, that they are not rushed omarket because the market is notsufficiently encouraging.There's nothin' to it, cheap chawin'is no more.- There was a tme whenfruit in season was cheap here inBourbon county, and when winterapples, stored in private cellars orin the hill like potatoes, and peddled in winter from wagons, werecheap, but nowadays the storagespeculator seems to be able to holdup the prices of all kinds of foodand market everything to their ownadvantage.The public and the dealers shouldshare the benefits of cold storagemore evenly than they do. Storagegives us-better apples than we hadin the days of the apple bin in thefarm house cellar and the apple holein the garden, but it makes us paysuch prices that many families aewithout the health-giving winterfood they need and for which theyhanker. :Hello, Central, Give Me Berlin !Hello, Central, give me Berlin.I would like to inform the KaiserThatwe're surely coming in.His Prussianism is ghastlyHis autocracy spells ruin;Tell him when we get there"There will be something doing.Hey, fellow, give me my pliers,I want to pull a plugSo when I sight the KaiserI can jam him in the mug.Gladly, Yes!Recent investigations have shownthat it costs the United States Government ? 3,2 00 to bury a dead Congressman. Some of our exchangesare inclined to complain of this extravagant outlay, but it is a factthat there are several Congressmenthat the people .would gladly seeburied even at that cost. They arodead, and don't know it!Rs 1 toPARIS PASTOR "PICKS" BANJOBEFORE METHODIST MINISTERSTuesday's Cincinnati Enquirer hasthe following concerning the appearance of Rev. Geo. R. Combs, pastorof the Paris Methodist church before the Methodist Ministers' Association, in Cincinnati, Monday:"Rev. G. R. Combs, Paris, Ky., accompanied himself on a banjo whenhe sang folk songs of Kentuckymountain regions before the Methcdist Ministers' Association in theBook Concern Auditorium Mondaymorning."Ministers roundly applauded Rev.Mr. Combs."The Kentucky pastor gave an account of the work of the church iu'backward' regions of Kentucky."m m m.New Soft Drink.A new soft drink Is being made fromalfalfa. Cut when young and tender,the stalks are thdrouglily cleaned inwarm water and dried by artificialheat. Tnipv Vro fhn T-aHi-ini nnm.JdeY by!-ririn'irig and put into Vacuumpans and boiled. The solid particlesI are removed by filtering and the liquidiuu i remains Bimrxea with sugar syrupand bottled- op shipment. Pathfinder.?, Wotfcn.tofti 9hm. . iW&&?b being used for; shoe spiesIn some places. California redwoodis used, because ft IsYverv H?ht ".J? 'made-ofthe best obtainable.avHn,.waow sn0e ,g 1Ignter thannostlWeatherlhoe.'jfBut, best ofall, these shoes are really waterproof,if the tippers are greased.Ambitious.Mrs. Microbe-(on a $10 bill) Climbers! They actually started on a badpenny and have climbed to the frinseof real society.INXEMSTOIG i)IFROM BOUBBON "SOThe army andfar from puttingnavy authorities,the ban on theboys in the army and navy writingdesoriptive letters "back home," areencouraging it, with the proviso, ofcourse, that nothing that will Tgiveaid and comfort to the enemy beembodied in their letters. TH3NET. S is in receipt of two,very interesting letters, one 'from Mr. JohnM. Stuart, who left Paris recentlywith the -delegation of volunteers forthe auto-mechanical service at Indianapolis, and the other from Mr.Leo Grosche, formerly of Paris, whois now "somewhere in France," iithe Engineering Corps of the American Expeditionary Force. Mr. Stuart's letter follows:"Indianapolis, Ind., Monday,April 15, 6:30 p. m."Dear NEWS;"Well, here I am with the littlenews we know by this time. Wearrived here about three o'clock, andreported at o-nce, that is, as soon aswe could, for we had to stay in lineabout an hour. There is a fine bunchof fellows here and more are comingin as I am writing this. We avequartered (eat and sleep)' in the Melropole Hotel. As we have been heroonly a few hours I can't tell you asyet where we will work. I am enclosing a clipping from the Indianapolis News, which tells prettymuch of what everybody knowsabout this outfit.'tWe have just had our first mealhere, and it wap certainly O. K.We presented our '60c. governmentticket on tho Pullman diner, an Ithey certainly fed us for it. Ie wouldhave taken about six or eight dollarsin cash to pay ' for what they gaveus for our government meal ticket.Willis Jacoby, who left home nonotoo well, is feeling fine now, andwe are all in the best of spirits.They have surely treated us good sofar, and told us to look over thecity to-night and be in by 10:30.Of course, this night out business "snot going to beya regular institution,but they are kindly working on usby degrees."Well, don't forget to send usTHE NEWS, as you promised. Otherpublishers please take the hint, too.Regards from all the boys. Thanksto the Tobacco Fund, Pearce Patonand Ernest Martin, for we hit herewith more smokes than they havein stock in the canteen. Our addresswill be Vocational Training School,National Army, Metropole Hotel,Indianapolis, Inw."Very Sincerely,"JOHN M. STUART."Mr. Gresche's letter follows:"Some Port in France,March, 1918."We are at last in sight of land.Have been for a couple of days andexpect to land to-morrow. Withthe exception of one day of heavyseas the weather, was great and "wehad a good trip. Nothing eventfulhappened, but looking at nothingbut water day after day made thesight of land very welcome."Another day has passed and weeu iiiu care still on the boat. Censorship,prevents me from giving you a com-plete description of the trip, other-iwise I could write you a very interesting letter. Anyway, we are in aplace of safety now and will be inno further danger from subs, although we have not yet reached ourdestination. We have been on theship quite a while and last nightwas the second time I've had off myclothes since leaving the U. S.Took off our life savers yesterday,having worn them day and night forabout five days. There was ampleprotection ail the way across andonly a person who has made thetrip can appreciate how Uncle Samgets his men across. Yesterday sawa dirigible baloon. Since we havebeen there are many interesting things to see. Thebuildings with their red tile roofsmake a very pretty setting amon:;the trees. Every-place we have pao'ed so far has been very interesting."I just got back to my bunk froma movie show furnished during theday and night by the Y. M. C. A.They also have a library, victrolaand small organ for the amusementof the soldiers."Our battalion has performedkitchen duty on the entire trip.The work consisted of scrubbingpans, serving and various otherthings, and I got a little jab at alloft. We had all our meals standingup. The tables were long board aCfairs swinging from the ceiling, andat times when the ship was rockingthe stunts performed had CharliuChaplin blocked off the map. I sa-vthree men piled up in one corner ofthe mess Hall with their mess kisand mess scattered everywhere.The mess on the ship has been great.Not extremely fancy, but the kindthat does the work, and plenty of it,and what's more, my appetite is abnormal. "I had a pretty sore throat whenI got on the boat and did not getany relief for about five days. Thesecond day out I was seasick. Itonly lasted one day, but I felt shakyfrom it for several days. I was notalone, though. They were holdiugthe rail in all directions."Just wanted to get a iew linesto you to inform you 'that Iimgetting along first rate. Have beenthinking of you all .quite often.Have had no mail since""leaving Chicago, and don't know just when itwill be received. I mailed cards toyou all from the jport of embarkation.The cards are -mailed to you fromsomewhere in the U. S. informing yo'iof same, thereby saving several weeksdelay getting tile information toyou. Another thing. It will not b.necessary to send me more stampsor postals, as the I soldiers are exempted from paying rwstage. I amanxious to get ome word from youand. hear 'that you are all well. Nov-I must 4Uit and eet hllRV nn mnrI letters. 'Take good care of you"'-TWOwKentuckian Relieves New TanlaoMedicine Will Banish .Rheumatism Entirely.Another Kentuckian has given astatement strongly indorsingUhe .newTanlac RheumatismJTreatment. Th?merit of this new Tanlac medicinein cases of rheumatism is now widelyknown all over Kentucky and hundreds are finding it highly beneficial. Folks in other States are beginning to take it, too."I was agreeably surprised whenTanlac Rheumatism Treatment began helping my rheumatism soonafter I started taking it," said LCarter, a retired resident of PeweeValley, a suburb of Louisville, Kv.I was bothered with rheumatismall over my body," Mr. Carter continued. "It was especially severein my hands and arms. My handsand arms were usually badly swollen. "I had been bothered with rheumatism for years and had triedeverything without result when afriends advised me to try TanlacRheumatism Treatment.As I said, I was agreeable surprised when the treatment startedhelping me almost right away afterI began taking it. The swelling inmy hands and arms began going!down immediately and my handsand arms are in good shape now."I believe that with-a thoroughtrial Tanlac Rheumatism Treatmentwill banish my rheumatism entirelyand I recommend this treatmentfor others."Get Tanlac Rheumatism Treatmentto-day! You can get atVARDEN & SON'S.Take Tanlac, the famous tonic, andget your system back in shape ifyou feel run down. To feel good isthe best thing on earth. Yey canget Tanlac at.yARDEN & SON'S.(adv-aprl9-23)BEWARE OF THIS FAKE.The people of Paris and Bourboncounty, who have always respondeiin- a most generous manner to everyappeal for aid to the Red Crosswork, are warned, through the medium of THE NEWS, that the fraudulen "chain letter" appealing C:rfunds for the Red Cross, has againmade its appearance in this region.The funds, it is stated in the letter, are to be used to build a RedCross hospital in France. Theyare to be forwarded' to a FrenchConsul in Seattle, Washington. Investigation has developed the factv'o""""" . . rthat this repesentative of the FrenchGovernment has not been in Seattlefor over three years, but has beontransferred to another place.The "chain letter" has been denounced by Red Cross officials .illover the country as a fake and arank fraud, and every effort is beinmade to suppress it. The letter iscouched in appealing terms, and!would be hard for a sympathetic poi- json to resist, but it is a fraud of thefirst rank!. IB IB aJudging from off-hand remarks.nearly every legislator believes that(he will never run again. But, they!haven't come in contact with a.spring day and a picnic dinner yet.the same. Love and best wishes toeverybody."Affectionately,"LEO.""P. S. Do not know if I previouslytold you, but my mail should be addressed: Pvt. L. J. Gresche, Co. D,416th R. R. Tel. En. S. C. N. A.,American Expeditionary Forces."Omit the 'via New York.' "BAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly RollCream PuffsDoughnuts, Rolls, PiesGROCERYFruitsFresh VegetablesMEATDEPARTMENTRoatsLamb, Veal, PorkBrainsWILMOTHGrocery Go.Phone 3T,6Qrtainaii s a t?f HfefeFORIf I were ai f ainher Dwould keepat hindfeir reliable medicines forminor ailments that are not so serious as to require the attention of aphysician such as Chamberlain's Coilcand Diarrhoea Remedy for bowelcomplaints.Chamberlain's Cough Remedy forcoughs, colds and croups.' 'Chamberlain's Liniment for sprains,bruises and rheumatic pains.Chamberlain's Tablets for stomach troubles, biliousness and const!pation. ,This would require an outlay ofonly $1.10. By having these articles at hand it would often save thetrouble of a trip to town in thebusiest season or in "the night, andwould enable me to treat slight ailments as soon as they appear, andiucicuj a.uiu iuc imjic ociiuus uia-eases that so often follow.(adv-april)Pi 13Keep Smiling.Best advice of all is contained Inthe last words of the chorus of a popular songr "Smile smile smile THowever, you must smile from theheart, not merely twitching facial muscles mechanically, but flashing a message of friendliness and jollity fromthe heart. Burlington Hawkeye.I BELIEVEI believe that I am right in thect nclusion that thinking people donot want bargain glasses any moretnan they would want nature to endow them with a bargain pair .ofeyes.My work is, and always will bejust as good as I know how to makeit. I must give satisfaction in orderthat my business may grow.If you will favor me with yourpatronage, I will see to it that youonly pay a fair price and I will alsopromise you satisfaction, so muchso that you will not hesitate to recommend me to your friends who arein -need of eye help.Dr. Wm. Riley FranklinBoth Phones.520 Main St.THE CALLTOACTION4l ' I V.A -AVi.V . -V vV ' UJ3tiSHOE POLISHESLIQUIDS AND PASTES. FOR BLACK, WHITE, TAN, DARKBROWN OR OX-BLOOD SHOES. PRESERVE THE LEATHER.Tie F-F-DAELEY C0RB0RATIONS. LIMITED, BUFFALO. !f.T.Let Us Serve You !This company is a public servant in a greater capacity than,other utilities, such as railroad, the gas or electric light andpower companies,, because it serves you day and night oftantimes in matters of extreme1 importance. The doctor, the policaor the fire department are immediately summoned by our rapid1service. We give you prompt connection with the trades-peopleor your triends.HAVE YOU A PHONE?The cost is reasonable and is -something few people can:afford to do without. We are a home: insttitution and are vitally interested in the town's welfare. We can help you. Youcan help usv Let's get together.Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Go.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCHtDistrict Manager."?Painting Time Is Here!Don't Let Your Property Decay For theWant of Paint.It is a waste of gopdmojiey to buy cheap paintWe sell the Sherwin-Williams Paint have sold ithere for forty years. We can fill all your wantsto be found in a high class paint establishment.We do your painting right.Wall Paperand Paper Hanging.C. A. DAUGHERTYFifth and Main StreetsFound.Automobile license tag No. 4004",found on Maysville & Lexington pike,between Paris and Lexington. Ownercan obtain same by paying advertising charges. (12-tf)For Rent.Three nice rooms, in good location;suitable for light housekeeping. Aplply 314 Scott Avenue. (9-tf)MARGOLEN'SALL FRUITSVEGETABLESFISHAND MEATSare kept inside our store inseparate refrigerators everything screened and freefrom dust and flies.Buy where edibles arekept in a sanitary manner. Our service isprompt.MARGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketX&'W vxv.;.sowsW. H. CANNOff,Xcai Manager.vselves and rest assured that I'll do I&.-fr-4.3s;ks"VTHB BOURBON OTCWS, FARM, KfFRIDAY, APRIL 19, 1918.Mil TMMmc:NNftTURE PRODUCESUL -JANASSIMILABLEIBQNWliat Chemists For Years Soughtto Achieve Has Been FoundIn a Natural MineralDeposit.It has long been a recognizedfact that iron was the greatestblood-and-tissue builder conceivable.For years chemists endeavored tofind an assimilable, digestable formof iron, but tbeir nearest approachwas an inorganic, tooth-destroying,constipating and indigestible product, which frequently did moreharm than good.At last an acid iron was foundin a natural mineral deposit, which,while it is analyzable by chemists,entirely balks their efforts to reproduce artificially. By its use, thousands of anaemic, underweight, rundown people .have been completelylestored to normal health withintwo or three weeks' time.While its cost is a mere trifle, thedistributors of this marvelous remedy, the Ferrodine Chemical Corporation, are so confident of its successthat they unqualifiedly guarantee itto do what is claimed for it, or yourdruggist will promptly refund itspurchase price.A-I-M is in no sense a patent medicine or secret remedy. It is a natural mineral water, containing allthe health-producing,M1CK1E SAYSDlDJA EVER 4-fOP -to-Think -hm, NExrf -To"THE KAlSEttS G-OA-f.VERSOLB1ER. BON'D R,A,fHERhlAttE. A COPV OP THE OLDHOME PWER B.EGLM THANANYTHING ELSE IN "THEwoauo 2SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of Our-i People Here, Thre andElsewhere.CHABOSDOUG THOMAS WILL ABANDONTRANSFER BUSINESSA few nights ago a traveling manwho had missed his train was veryanxious to leach Flemingsburgtissue-and-I while bemoaning his bad luck in theblood building properties of a purely ' office of the Fordham Hotel, wher?organic iron. Messrs. Froehling & he was stopping, was overheardRobertson, the well-known chemist3 by Douglas Thomas, Jr. Promptedof Richmond, Va., after a thorough by a spirit of svmpathy Doug offer-anV-VSi5w ti f fnirinw lll ed to Put the traveling man in Flem-certify that the following mgredi- ... .ents compose A-I-M: mgsburg by using his auto, whicnFerric Sulphate, Aluminic Sul- was standing m front of the hotel,phate, Manganic Sulphate, Magnp- A bargain was soon made wherebysium Sulphate, Calcium Sulphate, Doug was to receive $10 and expen-Sodium Sulphate, Sodium Iodide, ses for making the trip. The trav-Sodium Phosphate, Cilicic Acid, Freo eling man's "grips" were loaded inSulphate Acid. the machine and Doug the grips.This is what these famous chem- traveling man and machiae allists say of the remedy: J started for Fleminburir"The combination of the mineral . slaea ,t0.r emin&stmrg:constituents shows a most valuable The trip was made without anypreparation. It contains in addition untoward event, and the travelingto a large amount of Iron Sulphate, man safely landed at his destination,a very desirable quantity of Alumi-, But here Doug's evil star tooknum Sulphate and smaller amount possession of him. The eagle eyeof Magnesium and Sodium Sulphate,which counteracted any tendency toconstipation. We also find smallamounts of Iodide of Soda and Phosphate of Soda, which add to itsmedicinal value."In our opinion the possibriitieof the law in the person of a Flemingsburg policeman, noted the fartthat Doug's license number was missing. He was haled before the magesty of the law and given a hearingin Police Court, being assessed afnr this nrenaration are unlimited., hne of 514.75. which he paid anaand while we do not believe in a ' J sorrowfully departed,universal panacea we would expect Doug says he has abandoned thea marked success by the use of this . passenger and transfer businessmedicine. We would suggest its use! nA , Ho frawiln mnrt wUh nin all cases of anaemia and seneial. . .- - -, , -debilitv: in many if not all stomach troubles.(adv)SELL CHICKENS GRADUALLYtale of woe will have to pass himby.COUNTY CHAIRMEN WILL BETOLD QUOTAS FIRST.Don't glut the market with chickens, Jive or aresseu, buim u a- The apportionment 0f the 120first, when the Federal closed sea- u in Kentucky in the camson on iiens euus. x" .".., paign which will be conducted MalarmersisgxvenDy te uuitcuoct.2027 tQ raise $900000 atth,Department ot Agricuii.ui. , statft.q mmf. nf the seCond War fund"Too many fowls on the market Qf American Red Cross will notmay result in food losses, says th be made public untn after all counTydepartment Poultry stock should , chairmen have been notihP sold gradually. Farmers Willi , , .,. . mil..have better markets if they avoidgluttingthem.mmDO YOU SLEEP WELL?To be at his best a man must havesound, refreshing sleep. When wakeful and restless at night he is in nocondition for work or business during the day. Wakefulness is oftencaused by indigestion and constipation, and is quickly relieved byChamberlain's Tablets. Try -a, dosgof these tablets and see how muc!ibetter you feel with a clear head andgood indigestion.(adv-april)If Austria can be induced to signa separate peace old style diplomatsAill not think President Wilson'sopen style is so very funny.J 1 IBWhen you ride in a train use asteel coach.Lfied and probable changes in figuresmade, it was announced following.meetings held in Louisville by theExecutive and Speakers' Committees of the organization. Planswere completed for a big meetingto be held in Louisville, April 23.,which will be attended by the 120Kentucky county chairmen.Mrs. Jack Owsley was a guestWednesday of Mrs. Wm. C. Powell,in Lexington. - s ,Col. and Mrs. E. F. Clay havereturned from their winter home atEustis, Florida.Mrs. B. F. Laughlin has returned from a visit to Mr. and Mrs. Geo.Laughlin, in Lexington.Mrs. J. Frank Trisler, who ha2been ill at her home on Eighth streetfor some time, is convalescent.Mrs. Albert Finney is very illat her honie on Main street, suffering with an attack of typhoid fever.: Mr. Ossian Edwards, of theBourbon Realty Co., has returnedfrom a business trip to Barboun-:-ville.Mr. Gilbert Lytle, of the LoganHoward Co. forces, who has been illw4th an attack of the grippe, is convalescent. Rev. B. F. Orr and daughterMiss Elizabeth Orr, left yesterdayfor an extended stay at OceanGrove, New Jersey.Mrs. Dan Kimbrough, guest ofMissel-Blanche and Laura Lilleston,of Higgins avenue, has returned tGher home in Cynthiana.Mr. and Mrs. John M. Hashand daughter, Miss Lucy May Hash,of North Middletown, have gone toGeorgetown,- 111.-, to visit relatives.Rev. J. J. Rice, pastor of theFaris Presbyterian church, attendedthe sessions of the Ebenezer Presbytery, held this week at Catlettsburg,Ky.Mrs Albert H. Morehead. ofLexington, formerly of Paris, is re-covering from a surgical operationperformed some days ago in Lexington. Mayor E. B. January attendeda meeting of the Executive. Board ofthe I. 0. 0. F. Widows' and Orphans' Home, in Lexington, Wednesday. Mr. and Mrs. Bernard J. Santeuhave returned from their honeymoontour, and are now at home to thenfriends at their new home, on Highstreet.Dr. and Mrs. F. L. Lapsley andchildren have returned to their homein Shelby county, after a 'visit toMrs. Nannie McClintock and family, in Paris.Mrs. J. E. Stillwell and littlepon have returned to their home o-xiPleasant street, from an extendedvisit to friends and relatives inIthica, N. Y.Mr. Paul Matthews, who hasbeen a guest of friends and relativesin tniS City ior severui uaj-a, uareturned to his school duties atKnoxville, Tenn.Mr. Wm. W. Hinton, of this city..who was operated on at the GoodSamaritan Hospital, in wncinnau,yesterdayWOMAN WORKS15 HOURS A DAYEO- -Marvelous Story of Woman'sChange from Weaknessto Strength by TakingDruggists-Advice.-Peru, Ind. " I suffered from a displacement with backache and draggingdown pains sobadly that at timesI could not be onmy feet and it didnot seem as thoughJ I could stand it Itried differentimedicines withoutany benefit andseveral doctorstold me nothingbut an operationwould do me any-good. My drug-gist toia me oilydia E. Pink-h ham's Vegetable' CTnnrmrvrmrl T tAnlrit with, the resultthat I am now wellQTir? aftvmrr T rraup in the morning atf our o'clock, do myhousework, then go to a factory and wortall day, come home and get supper andfeel good. I don',t know bow many ofmy friends I have told what Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound hasdone for me. "Mrs. Anna Meteriano,36 West 10th St., Peru, Ind."Women who suffer from any such ailments should not fail to try this famousroot and herb remedy, Lydia E. Pinkbam's Vegetable Compound.i ftk feT3jprbA'BA(fW IMtf-T-HTHE MAY WOMAN'S HOME COM-PANI0N.Tv.TrtTnv wns rfitiorted yesterday asi- v,r,;jii.nVihr iirTrrvoiUtJing Luuomciauij nw..--. Vnrsp- TTnlwnrthv TTnll's novpl "ATrFee, wno is noiy? , .. tlTY,horThe May Woman's Home Companion is interesting reading, full ofbright fiction, unusual articles, andhelpful suggestions. The first of a series of articles from Margaret Deland in France appears in this number, giving the famous novelist's impressions of her voyage and of herfellow passengers. From an embarkation camp, Mrs. Anna SteeseRichardn sends an intimate picture of the boys about to start "overth,ere." Vo. Paderewski tells of heroutrage1 "" .land, Amelita Galli-Crueiadvises fb- girl who wants to sing,and Corinne Lowe exposes the wilesof the fa3hionablemilliner.There are helps and hints for gardeners, community or otherwise, an-1for the patriotic canner. also a ni"'--uresection of interest and merit,and a fashion department that is wellillustrated and filled with clevesuggestions."Oh, Those Gardens!" is a highlyamusing story by Mary HeatonReb'eccaites.In 1843 a band of Welsh riotersmade war upon the toll-gates alongthe highways of a large district. Thecaptain of the rioters and his guarddisguised themselves in female attire,and they were called Rebeccaites. Thisname arose from a gross perversionof a text of Scripture: "Andthey blessed Rebekah, and said untoher ... let thy seed possess thegate of those who hate them." Genesis 24:60.IIIf You are Thinking About aPipeless Furnaceand want it properly installedlet us figure with you.Satisfaction guaranteed. Weagents for the Laurel Furnace.None better.areMiss Florencein the Government service in a clerical capacity in Washington, D. C,is a guest of her parents, Mr. andMrs. A. J. Fee, in this city.Mr. B. F. Orr, Jr., of the University of Kentucky and Mr. E. E.Perry, of Sonora, Ky., were recenrguests of Rev. B. F. Orr and family, at their home on Cypress street.Lieut. Jack Casey, formerly ofTaris, wh is now stationed at Campoiiduy, iieo.1 J.T.U.L Lies u ui , iu.153.,was a recent guestof his grandmother, Mrs. Bettie Mcllvaine, in thiscity.Miss Margaret Craven has resigned her position as teacher of th'oMcllvaine school, and has gone toBainsville, Montana, where she hastaken a position as a .member of thefaculty of the High School.Mr. Thos. McDonald, of theLouisville and Nashville Train Dispatcher's office, in Paris, who wasoperated on for appendicitis in aCincinnati hospital Monday, is reported as getting along "very nicely.Among the Paris "fans" who attended the opening game of the National League season at the Cincinnati ball park Tuesday were Wm.H. Webb, Ray Harris, W. V. Shaw,Rudolph Davis and John J. McCarthy. Mr. James Spalding, a formerattache of THE NEWS, is here fromCamp Zachary Taylor, near Louisville, w-ho has been visiting friendsand relatives in this city, returnedto-day to the camp. Mr. Spauldintis with the Sauer Bros., who are operating a line of amusement concessions near the camp.Miss Lucy Simms, of Paris, wasin Cynthiana, Monday, instructinga class of Harrison county Re-1Cross workers in some new fornvjof surgical dressings. Miss Simmswill perform a similar duty foa class of Red Cross workers InGeorgetown to-day.(Other Personals on Page 5.)Quixote," ends in this number, andthere are stories by Ellis ParkerButler, Frederick Orin Bartlett andAlice Brown.1 QCATARRH CANNOT BE CUREDwith LOCAL APPLICATIONS, as theycannot reach the seat of the disease.Catarrh is a local disease, greatly influenced by constitutional conditions,and in order to cure it you must takoan internal remedy. Hall's CatarriiMedicine is taken internally and actsthrough the blood on the mucous surfaces of the system. Hall's CatarrhMedicine was prescribed by one of tiiebest physicians in this country foryears. It is composed of some of thebest tonics known, combined withsome of the best blood purifiers. Theperfect combination of the ingredients in Hall's Catarrh Medicine lwhat produces such wonderful resultsin catarrhal conditions. Send fortestimonials, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Props.,Toledo, O.All Druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (adv-april)Another British hospital ship hasbeen torpedoed.You Don't Have toStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRanger1 L3The third line of defense,Get into it and dig.In this line every true American can and willHelp to win the war. Invest in' LIBERTY BONDSWolf, Wile & CompanyAnnounce the Arrival of aIarge and Very Exclusive Selection: ofWomen9 s NewTailored Suits and Dressesof Poiret Twill, Silvertone, Tricotine and Silk materialssmartly tailored models, showing many original touches ,designed especially to bring out the youthful effect.Excellent Values From $25.00- to $50.00Charming New Spring CoatsDisplaying the NewStraight Line Silhouettewhich gives these Coats a very fine appearance and agreatrdeal of dressiness. They are fitted with big collars,H bigjeuffs, big buttons and pockets of unique design. Madeup uxtoauii,tiaucta, ui&ul yycint yvuvi vciuuio, jnvci-tone, Jersey and Serge.Prices $20.00 to $55.00.Regarding OurFur StorageWe are now ready to accept your furs for summerstorage. Our perfect facilities for this service carrieswith it the Wolf, Wile & Co. guarantee againstv theft,fire and moths." Every article intrusted to our care isthoroughly cleaned before being stored. Prices verymoderate. - . vWOLF, WILE & CO.LEXINGTON, KY.ftWrWrWYMrWmWMMrWtWMMfmOT T "- TIIWe are also exclusive agents for theVIKING CREAM SEPARATORSCall and let' us show them to youiri rWARNING TO REGISTRANTS.According to Section 57 of the selective diaft law every registrantwho is found without his registrationcard is liable to arrest. The penalty for failuie to carry the card iimprisonment for not more than oneyear.Therefore,, it behooves every registrant to be armed with his registration card, to be shown upon, demand, according to a statement issued Wednesday by the Federal authorities.lsa fe feHemp Reduces Friction.It has been discovered that a hemprope twisted in and out of the links ofan iron chain will make the chain last70 per cent longer by reducing friction,and save fra one-fifth to one-third ofthe price of a new chain.LOWRY&MAY" c: r ,i " w " ijaitfir awhile we -will 4fave "some'Ht STt K.ik sOmi w-1Ml ' IfWe Have Some Very FineN E k ISPAYMASTERSEEDM.CORNGermination GuaranteedOrder Early, as the Stock i$; Limited.- ;'sJ !Big plans are under way in the interest of the American navy. Mostujl in em are ior "some"- seatiorj;A beautiful Una of Garland! on a I alay. coma In and look thorn war.Paris Gas & Electric Co.C.S. BALLGARAGErCor. Fourth and Ploasant St..... "3. tFr&Jr.''1Vt' (IncorforataA) ; i,.X,-) -VrfePAOE $IrmiDAT, APjta. is, itn.sf-J1-"iqv-IET& GET OK THE, JOB.Every year, just at this time, it isxiustjomary to shout "Clean Up andPjtilit Up" from the housetops sothai all may hear it, and, hearing,t&Jce. need and obey the commandTbJ& year the county and city health !officers are co-operating in the cam,Sb far as the city is concerned.ifwe would have a healthful town,-w.emust clear out attics, sheds, sta-Die;, as well as the yards, alleys,streete and vacant lots, and get ridof4Qe accumulations of trash, dirt,junk, filth, garbage, rags, can's, bottles apjd, weeds. We must empty toilets dispose of manure heaps, drainbarn lots, fill up mudholes andslhfiy, ill-smelling ponds, open gutters,, repair streets and burn rubbM. vTihen we must use soap and scrubbrufehes, brooms, rakes and shovels.- We must throw lime freely abouttoiifets and stables. Why? Becausedisease germs and germ-carrying insects, especially house .flies and mosquitoes, breed in filth and spread typhoid and consumption when theyenter our living rooms, alight onojir' food or bite us while we sleep." And after the dirt is gone weshould repair our buildings and fixour fences and then lay on thepaint! v Paint everything that needsIt, -inside and out, for paint is thebest known preservative and itsbrightening influence will make thedullest tow-n in the world look spickand' span.Of "course, when we buy paint andlime we put money into the paintdealers' and lime dealers' pockets.Bu.t, if we get sick and die, the doctor,-druggist, undertaker, sextonand1 tombstone man take our coin.Most folks would sooner spend theirson paint and lime take yourchoice.-Come on, now folks. Let's- get onthe job. The prize is worth thetrying health and happiness.REPORT OP THE CONDITION OF THEFarmers' and Traders' Bank,doing business at the town of Paris, County of Bourbon, State of Kentucky, at the close of business on 11th day of April, 1918.RESOURCESLo'ans and Discounts '. v $225,604.41Overdrafts, secured and unsecured 6,337.59Stocks, Bonds and other Securities 25676.85Due from Banks - 51,101. 9GCash on hand .... ". .. - ll725.71Checks and other cash items 4,86781Furniture and Fixtures ..... ..- l!500.00LIABILITIESCapital Stock paid in, in cashSurplus FundUndivided Profits, less expenses andDeposits subject to checkTime DepositsDue Banks and Trust CompaniesSTATE OF KENTUCKY,County of Bourbon Set.''; r We, Frank P. Kiser and W. W. Mitchell, President and Cashier ofthe'-above named Bank, do solemnly swear that the above statement istrue' to the best of our knowledge and belief.FRANK P. KISER, President.' W. W. MITCHELL, Cashier.Subscribed and sworn to before me this 18th day of April, 191SMyxCommission Expires January lo, 1922. NrZt c- K- THOMAS, Notary Public.Correct Attest:S. L. WEATHERS,D. W. PEED,' GEO. W. WYATT.9Z4REPORT OF THE CONDITION OF THEPeoples Deposit Bank & Trust Co.Doing business at the town of Paris, County of Bourbon, State of Kentucky, atthe close of business on the 11th day of April, 1918:RESOURCES.Loans and Discounts $1,037,955.52Overdrafts, secured and unsecured 10,858.21Stocks, Bonds and other securities included in Loansand Discounts 285,974 7SDuefiom Banks 225.765.84Cash on hand 15,771.62Checks and other cash items 2,079.52Banking House. Furniturejand Fixtures. 16,500.00Other Assets not iucludedunBer any of above heads. 139.00$1,309,069.71xSTATE OF KENTUCKY, ),'-County of Bourbon. )'.,set.'' 4e' ?' ?' Bdfor? and C- K; Thomas. President and Cashier of the abovenamed Bank, do solemnly swear that the above statement is true to the ht nfour knowledge and belief. Uli S. E. BEDFORD, President, C. K. THOMAS, Cashierv' Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 16th day of April 1918'My commission expires January 29, 1920. 'H ' NELLIE FARRELL, Notary Public.V;Statement AprilFarmers' Bank,,V:Called by Hon. G. G. Sneer.r -JARESOURCES.TJUWS$388,925.103,911.17Qyercheks.'Bwaking House . . . . 7,000.00Cah: and Due from"Banks . . . . . . .. 112,334.25uW- . ... A... $512,170.52 1,. 3 i. H?cr-;: - -,t -w -jLiLjfciiU - 42, ,CHESS AND CHECKER CLUB TOPLAY RICHMOND.The Bourbon County ProgressiveChess and Checker Club, composedof 'some of the most expert players4in the county, has arranged a seriesof games with the Richmond Chessand Checker Club, the games to beplayed at the -Y. M: C. A in Pai3on April 29.The series has been so arrangedthat each player will play from thro?' to five games with his opponent,! three out of five to win each contest.The Paris team has been brushingup on the fine points of the gameevery night this week, and expectto take the - Richmond contingentinto camp when they make theirappearance here on the evening ofthe 29th. -Following the games the visitorswill be entertained at luncheon atthe Y. M. C. A. by the members ofthe Paris team.WOOL WANTED.Highest market price paidfor wool. Plenty of sacksand twine at our mule barnon South Main Street.CAYWOOD & McCLINTOCK.(aprl9-lm)ANOTHER CALL SENT FOR KENTUCKY DOCTORS.Local physicians have been advised that the Government is inneed of four hundred more physicians from Kentucky for the armyservice in the near future. TheState has already furnished 528 physicians for the serivce.PS te fePELD'S FINE SPRING FOOTWEAR.JA VAKIEXY. TO SJELEUT JUiUM.As usual, we have a fine assortmentof Spring footwear and a greatvariety to select from.(26-tf) FELD'S SHOE STORE.$326,814.33!"-. $.'$ 60 00 00' 6,000.'ootaxes paid 38991$211,504.2844.098.94 255,603 221,311 97$326,814.33T"W rar4- srJLXiJ GUIAJIO.LIABILITIES.Capital Stock paid in incash .'-$150,000.00Surplus Fund 100,000.00Undivided Profits, less expenses and taxes paid 14 475,54Deposits subject 'to check $727,677.66Time Deposits 54,709.08SavingsDeposits ..246,974.591,029,361.33Due Banks and Trust Companies 5 232 84Bills Payable ' )0Other Liabilities not included under any of aboveheads. Deposits on ThirdLiberty Loan 10,000.00$1,309,069.71T11, 1918.Millersburg, Ky.Bankine: CommicS?nn0r ne tr.....- .w.ii vi j.vclltUUltyLIABILITIES.Capital 30,000.00Surplus 22,081.801Due to Banks v 2,446.51$512,170:52' SANFORD iLLEN, Cashier:MastersSaleReal Estate!BOURBON CIRCUIT COURTBrideret Cain's Heirs .. ..Plaintiffs.!Vs. Notice of Sale.Her Administrators, Etc. DefendantsUnder and by virtue of a judgmentand order of sale rendered at theMarch term of the Bourbon CircuitCourt, 1918, in the above styled action therein pending, the undersigned Master Commissioner, on-, .,Saturday, May 4, 1918at about the hour of eleven o'clock,on the premises, will sell at publicauction to the highest and best bidder the following described property, to-wit:FIRST A certain house andlot in the City of Paris, and in thatnart of said city known as Cottotown, situated on the North sideof the Maysville and Lexingtonturnpike and formerly occupiedbv John Porter as a residence;said lot fronts on said street 30feet, including the whole length ofthe house and runs back to th-Jmiddle of Stoner Creek, boundednn one side by the residence ofMichael Sullivan and on theother side by the property novowned by Dan Isgrigg, being theproperty deeded to Mike Cain bydeed recorded in Deed uook b.i,nfl.?ft 1. to which reference ismade.SECOND A house and lot anda vacant lot adjoining, in th?City of Paris, and in the partknown as Cottontown, or EastParis, and on the south side ofMnin street: said vacant lot isbounded on the west by the houseand faxitorv lot of Isaac M. San-ford, and adjoining said houseand lot and the house and lot issituated between said vacant lotand the house and lot formerowned bv Elizabeth Richardsonand adjoining in the rear of Patsey Connelly, being the property deeded to Mike Cain by deearecorded in Deed Book 62, page446 to which reference is made;THIRD A certain house and.lot in East Paris described a1 :, !! -j. u uioiiows: rjetiiniuuK u.l me i;u-rner to William Brand's lot onMain street: thence with thcni1 Brand's linp S 39 U E 3.7$poles to another corner with,said Brand; thence with anotherof his lines S 4 4 W. 2.8b polesto a corner in Shaw's lin$j' thence S. 43. E. 3.16 poles .to acorner to said Shaw; thence NT:56 E. 3.32 poles to a corner tosame; thence N. 19 W 7.88 polesto a gate post on said street;thence with Main -street S. 54W. 3.72 poles to the beginning,being the same property deededto Mike Cain by deed recorded inDeed Book 68, page 474, tqwhich reference is made.Said sale will .be made upon creJ-Jits of six and twelve months, thepurchaser or purchasers being re?jrmired to execute their two bondfefor equal parts of the respective,purchase prices, with good suretyto be approved by said Commissioner,due six and twelve months from dattiof sale respectively, but the purchaser or purchasers will have theprivilege of paying cash "withoutexecuting bond, or if they executebond, of paying same at any timebefore maturity.The Master will flrst offer theproperty separately in the order'above given and will then offer th-iproperty as a whole, and will acceptthe bid or bids aggregating thamost money therefor.Said sale is made for the purpot-2of satisfying the mortgage indebf-edness of the Peoples-Deposit Bank'and Trust Co. in the sum of $370.10with 6 per cent, interest from Dec.31, 1916, and the mortgage indebtedness of John Cain in the sum of$250.00, with 6 per cent interestfrom December 31, 1895, subject to credit of $3.15 as of Aug. 14.1911, and $10.00 as of Nov. 30,1912, and for the further purpose ofa division among the parties in interest. The total debt, interest andcosts are estimated as of the dayof sale at $1,185.00.O. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner Bourbon Circuit Court.(aprl9-26-may3)B-4 FIREInsure withW.O. HINTON &SON,AgtsFIRE DAMAGES TWO BUILDINGSIN WINCHESTER.Fire which originated in the second story of the Commercial Garagevin Winchester did considerable dani'fage to two buildings on Lexingtoijavenue belonging to Mrs. J. M. Horlg-kin, Tuesday night. r'All the automobiles, with the exception of several cars of small valu;,jwere rescued. About $3,000 insurance was carried on the buildings'.;The garage contained some of thehandsomest cars in the city. tFire, Wind and LightninjInsurance.n... u,M.kiJu.B,.i . Ii iwimni iiwuiuiu mi Eryan. The coal situation seems to hav&j credits of six and twelve month?!,. v -passed,its woHtUge. u .5 4:ff 01 equal parts of the purchase ,19-lt)Master's Sale-OP-Bourbon County Land.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.SIMON HOLLERAN, .Vs. Notice of Sale.MARTIN CONNOR, . .PlaintiffDefendant. Under and by virtue of a judgmentand order of sale rendered a,t theNov. term, 1917, of the Bourbon Circuit Court, the undersigned MasterCommissioner, onMonday, May 6, 1918,at the front door of the Court-House,in Paris, Kentucky, about the hourof 11 o'clock, A. M., will sell at public auction to the highest and bestbidder, so much of the folfowingdescribed property as may be necessary to satisfy plaintiff's debt, interest and cost:A certain tract of land situated in Bourbon County, Kentucky,beginning at a stone, corner toJohn Welch; thence with saidWelch's line, N 4 E. 41.24 polesto the middle of Houston Creek;thence with the meanders of saidcreek and through the middle asfollows: S. 751,4 W. 16.80 ,S. 69 W. 20 poles; S. 49 W. 16poles, S. 434 W. 24 poles; S. 394W. 15.60 poles, S. 32 W. 14.72poles, S. 18 W. 16 poles, S. 1W. 12.56 poles, S. 29 E. 7.48poles, to the middle of Mrs. Rowe'swatergap; thence leaving thecreek, N. 49 E. 6.96 poles to themiddle of the end of a stone fenco,a corner to same; thence with themiddle of said stone fence, N 65E. 14.96 poles to a bend in saidfence; thence N. 79 E. 5.84poles to a corner to" said Rowe inthe middle of said fence; thenceleaving the fence, S. 4 E. 8 polesto the middle of a watergap inCarmody's line; thence along themiddle of the creek with its moanderings as follows: N. 79 II.16 poles, N. 87 E. 21.64 poles,S. 89 E. 16.36 poles, S. 77 & E. 13poles, S. 5514 E. 9.76 poles, S. 45E. 3.46 poles; thence leaving thecreek and with the middle of anold road, N 14 E. 42.76 poles toa stone now set in Welch's lin'i,thence with Welch's line N. 76W. 49.92 poles to the beginning,containing forty-two (42) acres,one (1) rood and nineteen (19)poles of land.But there is excepted from theabove two small tracts sold andconveyed to W. W. Gill by deedrecorded in 'Book 61, pages 496and 560, and also except a smalltract conveyed Joyce Henry bydeed recorded in Deed Book 63.page 69, to which reference ismade, it being the same propertythat was conveyed to Richard Connor by deed from W. E. Simms recorded in Deed Book 51, page 634,and afterwards conveyed to Catherine Connor by deed recorded inDeed Book 60, page 312, in theBourbon County Court ClerkVoffice, and being the same proper tyinherited by the first party fromCatherine Connor, grandmother oCthe grantor herein.Also this other certain tract ofland in Bourbon County. Kentucky, and being Lot No. 2, asshown on the plat recorded withand as a part of the deed of JosephA. Reynolds, and bounded as follows: Beginning in the middle of theParis and Georgetown Turnpikeat A, an iron pin, corner to LotNo. 1, and running therefrom,with the middle of said turnpike,N. 60 W. 14 poles to L, a cornerto Lot No. 3; thence with a line ofNo. 3, N. 13 E. 78.88 poles toH, the middle of Houston Creek;thence with the middle thereof,N. 88 E. 44 poles to G; thenceN 89 E. 6.32 poles to F; thenceS. 86 E. 5 poles to E,, a cornerto No. 1 ; thence with' a line of No.1, S. 14 W. 86.24 poles to thebeginning and containing sevenand forty-six hundredths (7.46)acres, and being the same land allotted to Kate Reynolds in the division of the lands of John Rey'nolds, deceased, and recorded inDeed Book 85, page 50, in theBourbon County Court Clerk'soffice, being the same propertyconveyed to Michael Connor bydeed recorded in Deed Book 90.page 582.Also this other certain tract ofland in Bourbon County, Kentucky, and known as "Lot No. 3"in the division of the lands ofJohn Reynolds, deceased, andbounded as follows:Beginning at the middle of tlusParis & Georgetown turnpike at L,corner to No. 2, and runningtherefrom, with the middle of saidturnpike, N. 60 W. 14.44 polesto a corner to Carmody; thencewith his line N. 104 E. 6 9. 3poles to J, the middle of Houston.Creek; thence with the middlethereof as it meanders N. 874 E.15.24 poles to I; thence N. 88 E3.64 poles to H, a corner to LotNo. 2; thence with a line of LotNo. 2, S. 13 W.J 78.88 poles tothe beginning, and containing seven and forty-six hundredths(7.46) acres of land, and beingthe same- property conveyed to Jos.A. Reynolds in the division of thelands of John Reynolds, deceased,recorded in Deed Book 85, page46, in the Bourbon County CoutClerk's office, and being the samuproperty conveyed by Kate Adam?and her husband, and Jos. A. Reynolds to Michael Connor, deceased, of record in Deed Book 90.page 582, Bourbon County CoutClerk's office, and by him devised" to the party of the firsUpart.Said' sale will be made vupon theSpecial Accountantto CityHonorable Mayor and Board of Council, , -.".of the City of Paais, '", '' Paris, Kentucky. ?Gentlemen: ' 'Pursuant to employment by your Special Committee, Messrs'. Infringer, Kiser and Doyle, I have audited the' hooks ani records of tksCity of Paris, your ex-City Attorney Whitley, School Board and MsteHospital; also the bank account and check book of the Library.My research extended in regard to the City books for a period iaparticular instances for more. than. 19 years.From the records and data obtainable, I have compiled a statementof Assets and Liabilities as of date January 10, 1918, as follows:CITY OP PARIS, KY. Statement January 10, 1918.ASSETS:General Fund Cash balance $ 9,062.7tSinking Fund Cash balance 728.23City Library Building . ., 25,000.1Houston Creek Bridges : ..... 7,500.tStreet and Quarry Equipment 2,500.00City School (White) 86,000.00City School (Colored) . . 10,000.00City Hall Building . .! 4,000.00Fire Department Equipment , . . . . 6,522.651913 Tax 56.331914 Tax 915.501915 Tax 805.541916 Tax ' .. 1,556.901917 Tax 2,754.15Rock Quarry . . . . 7,500.00Sewer System " . . . . 75,000.00Bills Receivable 1,150.00LIABILITIES:City of Paris, net worth January 10, 1918 136,086.67City School Bonds, 1917 46,000.00School Bonds, 1907 , 20,00.00School Bonds, 1908 6,000.00Refunding Bonds, 1898 20,000.09Hospital Endowment .". . . 5,000.00Clay Endowment, Int 450.00H. W. League Endowment, Int 89.27Clay Endowment m .. .... . . 5,000.00H. W. League Endowment ." 2,426.72$241,052.75A certified copy of which has been approved by your Special Committee and is -now a part of your record.I have also opened a full, complete and systematic set of booksand have acquainted your City Clerk with the necessary instructionsthat enable -him to render an intelligent and reliable monthly statement of the fiscal affairs of your City.If the other officers will discharge with efficiency the duties encumbent upon them as are required by the new system, your City willhave no cause to regret the expenditure of this audit.For the period under review, 1 found proper authorization for allexpenditures of the City, School Board and Massie Hospital, and thatthe bank balances correspond to and equal the amount on deposit totheir credit in the several banks used as their depositories.Outline of the new system ;makes it mandatory upon the part ofyour Collector and Treasurer to deposit to the credit of the GeneralSchool, Sinking, Hospital and Library Fund Accounts their pro ratapart of the revenue collected, governed by the levy ordinances as arenow in existence or may hereafter become effective, thus distributingto the various funds the proper credit to which they are entitled assuch revenue is collected. This distribution is required by your charter.I would suggest that your Finance Committee meet previous toeach Council meeting and pass upon the classified list of accounts as audited by the City Clerk, and approve such accounts as are in their judgment proper and just claims, to be presented to your Council for ratification. The duties of your City Clerk will be greatly increased by the imposed duties, and in fairness to him. I think it just that his salaryshould be commensurate herewith.Thanking you for the employment, I am,Yours very truly,W. A. GARLAND,Public Accountant and Auditor.money, the purchaser or purchasersbeing required to execute their twobonds for equal parts thereof, withgood surety to be approved by saidCommissioner, due six and twelvemonths from date of sale respectively, and bearing interest at therate of six per cent, per annumfrom date of sale until paid. Saidsale is made for the purpose of satisfying plaintffs lien indebtednessin the sum of two thousand dollars($2,000.00) with six per cent, interest from April 27, 1916, subject toa credit of one hundred dollars($100.00) as of April 3, 1917, andthe costs of this action, the totaldebt, interest and costs being estimated as of the date of sale attwenty-three hundred dollars ($2,300.00.) O. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner Bourbon Circuit Court.(aprl9-26may3)"SOMEWHERE IN FRANCE."The Ladies' Bible Class of theNorth Middletown Christian churchwill give a play at a date not 3-otdetermined upon, entitled, "Somewhere In France." The play will bepresented in the old Christian churchbuilding in North Middletown.The cast will be in the hands cfcapable people, and the whole willbe produced under the supervisionof a competent director. Mrs. G.A. Cook is First Lieutenant of thedivision a-nd Mrs. Chas. Hamilton isSecond Lieutenant. The play will baproduced under the general supervision of Mrs. Forrest Fightmasterand Mrs. Hedges Rash.FOR SALE2 small covered wagons and harness; 30 bales timothy hay;3 show cases;1 4 -ft. counter; ,2 candy furnaces ; . '3 ice boxes;13-horse power General ElectricCo'. 'Motor,, with, pulleysy shafting,belting etc.H. J. 'GROSCHE.,Paris, Ky.Garland's Reportof Paris.$241,052.76For Sale.Having bought a truck, we offerfor sale two good furniture wagons.We are prepared to do long distance hauling.FISHER TRANSFER CO.(19-2t)NOTICETOCONTRACTORS!Sealed proposals will be receivedby the Fiscal Court of Bourbon county until 10 o'clock,Thursday, May 3, 1918,at the Court House, Paris, Kentucky, for repairing the followinsturnpikes: Jacksonville & Townsend Vallev'.12 rods.Clay & Kiser, 35 rods.Hill 15 rods.Newtown & Leesburg, 50 rods.Hawkins & Cummins, 30 rods.Pat Collins, 5 rods.Leesburg & Jacksonville, 10 rod..McNeiss, 20 rods.Centerville & Jacksonville, 50rods.Greenwich, 75 rods.Hopewell & Bethlehem, 40 rods.North Middletown & Cane Ridge.20 rods.North Middletown & Levy, 60 rods,south end.North Middletown & Winchester,10 rods.E. K. Thomas, 15 rods.North' Middletown & Thatcher'sMill, 40 rods.Stony Point & Seamond's Mill, 2(rods.Carlisle & Plum Lick, 40 rods.North Middletown & Owingsville,15 rods.North Middletown & Levy, 20rods, north end.Stringtown, 20 rods.Lot Young, 5 rods.Flat Rock & Jackstown. 20 rod.All stone must be designated inplaces designated by Hoad Engineer.The right is reserved to reject anyor all bids, and allotments are subject to change or approval by FiscalCourt..By order ofj the Fiscal Court ofBourbon County.' BEN F. BEDFORD,(19-4 ) Rod Baimar."AV? iI,xis if j '& jpfPiH"FRIDAY, APRIL IS, 19 18? X' ... K A V $fVilr-' ? yvTHE BOURBONm- V - - -i . -S'rARIS,KT-tTtStsZ' ,. V f?v4?J- - - -syysFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEWOOL WANTED.Sack and twine.C. S. BRFNT & BRO.(aprl9-4t)fft Pft Hi -J CHEAP CLOTHES.Are in tlie end the most expensive.Buy the better grades.J. W. DAVIS & CO.ft R l1 WEITE TO THE BOYS.Officers writing from the army andnavy ''camps and training stations,declare that the strongest tonicthat can be given an American boy,either here or "over there" is a,cheerful letter from home. Supposeyou send one to that soldier boy today! Put yourself in his place, andsee how glad you'd be!pa ?s isBOURBON'S GRAND TOTAL IN" THE BOND CAMPAIGN.The grand total which Bourboncounty attained in the recent ThirdLiberty Loan campaign, with all boreturns in from all sources, has beenascertained as being fully $526,800,an oversubscription of $146,650over the allotment of $380,150.The subscriptions as turned in tothe various banks of the countywere as follows: Bourbon & Agricultural Bank & Trust Co., $170,300; Peoples & Deposit m Bank &Trust Co., $115,000; First NationalBank, $75,000; Farmers & TradersBank, $37,150; North MiddletownDeposit Bank, $41,600; Farmer.:'and Exchange Banks, of Millersburg,$75,000; Clintonville FarmersBank, $6,000, and with banks outside of the county, $5,950.pa fa !SiATTENTION, HEADERS!Tife attention of our readers iscalled to the fact that news itemsin this issue are spread out on different pages and not confined to anycertain ones. A rush of advertisingmatter at a late hour compels placing 'local reading matter on otherthan the two inside pages. It isthe general impression that ths"local" pages of a weekly paper,which are generally the fourth andfifth pages, always contain thecream of the news. Such is not thecase with THE NEWS. Newsitems and other interesting readingmay be found on every page of hisissue.Read every page of THE NEWS,for you wilL be sure to find something to interest you. Don't mi?sthem!COMING ATTRACTIONS AT THEGRAND AND ALAMO.To-day, Friday, April 19 Ladiesand Government day. Two ladiesadmitted on one paid admission,plus the war tax. George Beban, ina Paramount picture. "One MoreAmerican." adapted from the play,"The Land of the U'ree, uy win. v.f DeMille; King Baggot and Mavguerite Snow, in sixth episode of"The Eagle's Eye."To-morrow, Saturday, April 20The best-known woman in America,Mrs. Vernon Castle, and Anton'oMoreno, in Pathe ftlmplay, "TheMark of Cain;" Lawrence Semon, mBig V Comedy, "Meddlers and Moonshine;" Hearst Pathe News No. 26.Monday, April 22 The Paris favorite, Douglas Fairbanks, in "AModern Musketeer;" William FoxComedy, "His Smashing Career."t3 fcs SSCHEAP SOAP.Cheap Soap while it lasts 5 cent?per bar. It will go fast you uillhave to hurry.C. P. COOK & CO.rOR BOY SCOUTS.Daugherty Bros., the official Boy Scout Outfitters.(aprl9-tf) im m m-CAMPAIGN FOR BOOKS POR SOLDIERS NOT ENDED HERE.. More than 1,250 books have beengiven by the citizens of Paris andBourbon county to make the life ofthe soldier and the sailor in cam),both here and "over there" enjoyable. This is the statement made recently to THE NEWS man by MissImogene Redmon, librarian of theParis Public Library, who was incbarge of the local campaign forbooks to be sent to the KentuckyBoys' Y. M. C. A. at Camp Shelbyand other places.This is part of the 2,500,000 book-which have been donated by th2American nation. But the campaignhas not yet ended. It will continueuntil the end of the war, as thenumber of soldiers and the demandfor the books is increasing, and newbooks must constantly be given totake the places of these volumesis which have passed from hand tohand among the soldiers.Books will be gladly received atany time the Paris Library is open,and their receipt cheerfully acknowl:edged. Be one, of the many to contribute now..SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mr. Withers Davis was in Cincinnati yesterday on a business mission. .Dr. J. H. Comer has returnedfrom a visit to relatives in Monroecounty.Dr. D. S. Henry was in Frankfort and Franklin county this weekon a business mission.--Miss Rosina Elder has returnedfrcfm a three-weeks' visit to friend?and relatives in Richmond.Mr. John Spears, of Chicago, isa guest of his mother, Mrs. GeorgiaSpears, on Mt. Airy avenue.Mr. Edgar Lovell has returnedfrom a week's visit to his broth ei,Mr. Hord Lovell, at Camp Wadsworth, South Carolina.Miss Maude Wilson, who hasbeen ill at the home of her grandmother, Mrs. J.H. Nelson, in WinChester, has returned to her home inParis.Mr. Arthur Calvert, of Cincinnati, was in Paris yesterday, toattend the funeral and burial of hisbrother-in-law, Mr. Edward B.Hedges.Mrs. Thomas Mitchell, who recently underwent a serious surgicaloperation at the Massie MemorialHospital, in Paris, has recoveredsufficiently to permit removal to herhome near Paris.Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of theParis Christian church, has returned from Kansas, where he took partin the campaign for the Third Liberty Loan Bonds. Rev. Ellis willfill his pulpit at the Christianchurch Sunday.Mr. John T. Ireland, who hasbeen spending the winter in Havana, Cuba, has arrived here to bua guest of his sister, Mrs. Mary Ireland Davis, on Duncan avenue. Mr.Ireland will remain until after thespring race meeting at Lexington.Mr. Dennis Snapp, of Paris,was in Harrodsburg, Wednesday,perfecting arrangements for themeeting there of the State Conference of the Epworth League of the1Methodist church, which will be heldsoon. Mr. Snapp, who is presidentof the League, will preside at the isessions of the State Conference.Mr. R. W. Davis, former CountyRoad Engineer of Fayette county,and Mr. W. E. Williams, ofx Lexington, were in Paris, Tuesday, in consultation, with Mayor E. B. Januaryand members of the ImprovementCommittee of the City Council in regard to resurfacing certain streetsin this city with improved road material. (Other Personals on Page 5.)Id IS ISHEALTH AND WELFARE LEAGUECLEAN-TJP DAYS.PROMOTED TO MANAGER OP SIMON STORE HERE.Mr. Harry Simon, who now ownsand operates department stores inboth Paris and Lexington, being unable to give his undivided attentioito both, has promoted Mr. Fred Miller, of this city, to the position ofmanager of the Paris store. Mr. Simon will remain in charge of theLexington store, but will visitParis at intervals in a advisory capacity to the new manager.Mr.Miller has been with the Simon store for a number of yeais,and has proven by his close attentionto business and a due appreciationof the needs of the community, thathe could be placed "in charge of thebusiness .with assurance that itwould be carefully attended to. Mr.Miller is a young man of integrityand good business judgment. Hehas for many years been one of thehead salesmen and window dressei-:for the Simon store, and in these positions has shown an aptness andquickness to grasp details and apply them practically. -Mr. Simonhas made a wis'e choice of managerfor his Paris store, and the futur2will show that his confidence has notbeen misplaced.HERE IN EVERY PATTERNSpring shirts are here in everystyle, pattern and size.J. W. DAVIS & CO.AUTOISTS HAVE A NARROW ESCAPE.Friday and Saturday, April 2Gand 27, have been designated by theBourbon County Health and We1fare League as annual "Clean-upDays," in conjunction with theclean-up mavement that will be inprocess all over the State.The League will observe the sameprogram that has obtained for several years past. They request property owners and housekeepers tocollect all trash and rubbish fromtheir premises, put it in barrels, tobe placed in convenient places. Thecity will provide wagons and cartsao carry the refuse away.Anyone wishing such work done,cleaning up, putting trash in barrels, etc., can obtain reliable heloby telephoning Mr. Thos. Smith.Scoutmaster of the Boy Scouts, atthe Y. M. C. A., who will furnishBoy Scouts to perform the work atfifteen cents per hour.FORMER LEXINGTON MAN MADEMAJOR-GENERAL.Brig. Gen. George B. Duncan, former resident of Lexington, was oneof the ten Brigadier Generals of theNational Army nominated by President Wilson to be Major General.-.Gen. Duncan was born in Kentucky,October 10, 1861, and was appointedto the Military Academy from hi.native State.George B. Duncan is a son of tholate Mayor Henry T. Duncan, of Lexington. He has been in the armyabout thirty years. He is a graduate of West Point and has a distinguished carreer in Hawaii and thePhilippines. He has been promotedrepeatedly and is now third in command to Gen. Pershing. Duncanwas decorated last September forbravery under fire, when he, withanother American officer, occupiedan advanced position under Germanshells during a battle.te 113 J59NAVAL RECRUITING STATION TOSEEK RECRUITS.N. B. Hedges and J. C. Dodson,both of Paris, had a narrow escapefrom serious injury Wednesday,when their auto crashed into an interurban car near Eighth and Highstreets.The men in some manner lost control of their machine, a new Ford,which plunged directly toward theoncoming car. Before the car orthe auto could be stopped, the collision took place, the automobileplunging directly into the "cowcatcher" of the interurban. Thecar was brought to as tandstiilas quickly as possible. The autowas badly damaged, but the occupants were unhurt. The auto wassent to a repair shop for "adjustments." EVERYTHING RIGHTBeautiful in design, thorough!modern mechanically right. NewStudebaker.H. L. BALDWIN,(It) Agent.v m m mSEED CORN IN.Mr. Louis S.Robbins, EmergencyAgent of the United States Department of Agriculture and the Department of Agriculture of the University of Kentucky, will be inParis, Tuesday, to receive a carloadof seed corn from Hapkinsville.The shipment will contain fro.nseven hundred to eight hundredbushels of tested seed corn and willbe delivered Bourbon county farmers at actual cost, and in the orderin which the orders for the cornwere received.NewRed SealRecordsFor TheVICTROLAAn extensive campaign for :vcruits to the United States Navy isto be undertaken in this district, tbegin Monday. The big drive willbe in charge1 of Chief Gunner's MateEmmett Fordyce, U. S. N., of theLexington Recruiting Station.The party in charge of Gunner'.4:Mate Fordyce will visit all thetowns in Central Kentucky. Theschedule as arranged so far embraces Paris, Frankfort, Georgetown, Cynthiana, Danville, Nicholasville, Versailles, Midway, Falmouth,Winchester, Mt. Sterling and severalother places.The recruiting party will be inParis, at the Paris postoffice, oh Friday, May 3. The officials have madethis late date in order to -give .morepublicity to their coming. There'2nlenty of good material in Paris andBourbon county for the navy.March Miniature64766, $1.00Boston Symphony Orchestra.Darling Nelly Gray64729, $1.00Alma Gluck.The Lord is My Light64726, $1.00John McCormack.18435. Are You from Heaven ?Burr. .Give Me the Right toLove You Sterling Trio. . . .75c18437. Tickle Toe VictorMilitary Band. Going Up-Vic-torMilitary Band .75c18488. Tom, Dick, Harry andJack Shannon Four. Au Revoir, But Not Good-bye Peerless Quartet 75c-. .DaughertyBros.Fifth and MainA Wonderfully Complete Showing-ofBeautiful Styles in Women'sCoats, Suits, Dresses and Waists .:'::This week we call your attention to the distinctive and youthful styles in our.mia-season showing of Smart Coats, Suits, Dresses, Skirts, Waists, etc.In the Suits you'll find even the simple, tailoring models have the snap andservice usually obtained trom only the highest priced custom tailors. nPerhaps you are missing the very garment you are wanting for Spring. Youare invited to see this showing while it is fresh.CHIC SUITS$25.00 to $75.00BEAUTIFUL DRESSES$15.00 to $25.00SMART COATS$15.00 to $50.00DAINTY WAISTS$1.00 to $15.00Charming Creations in Chic Millineryat $5.00 to $15.00We feel that your approval of this marvelous beauty showing of Millinery willbe certain and sure once you giue us the pleasure of showing it to you.This Week We Are Featuring Scores ofGage Hatsin a variety of bewitching.y lovely trimmed effects every hat a truly remarkablevalue at the above price.Silk UnderwearThe woman who loves pretty things will delight in this showing of Crepe deChine and Satin Underwear, in Teddy Bears, Corset Covers, Gowns, etc. in prettyflesh and white effects.HARRY SIMONMAIN STREETPARIS, KY.224-228 W. MAIN ST-LEXINGTON, KY.You Will Need a New Refrigerator This Summerand it will pay you to buy anAUTOMATIC !patentedBottteAoIdeiiAn exclusive'feature with tkmrfr " S-ZZZjU JThei-rl n- MBUY, ANAUTOMATICREFRIGERATORWater with ice in it should never beused for drinking purposesYour physician will tell you that.With an Automatic refrigerator you get a built-in, porcelainlined water cooler. It forms part of the wall next to the ice,and requires no extra ice.In other words, refrigerating both your foods and water,your ice does double duty.If you use bottled water you get an extra holder which is apatented article and can be used only by the manufacturers ofthe Automatic.The wat2r cooler is lined with snow-white, genuine porcelain and there is always a refreshing drink of cold water if youhave an Automatic, the refrigerator that has everything good,plus.Step in and look at this cooler when close byr and ask for aninteresting booklet on the proper preservation of foods, etc.Join Our Kitchen Cabinet Club!THEJ.THINTONCO.MOTOR HEARSEMOTOR INVALID COACHUNDERTAKINGEIT HERPHONE" 36SIXTH AND MAIN STS.IyilITi'l !W6IHWli:i"lliiri,llinillillM'iyWl"MiwMWWiM''Wlii Illim 1irifnniffnwn- -n n i iihwimh.h n-rn-ri r- r i i mini i; li - -THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KT.FRIDAY, APRIL It; ltS.!A01SXm - taw a-" 1 I "j' "ni 'IIiMliIrSMILjKmt thifm yiiW"GLEAN yx jEflWH5 fiawilwMaMBBHSMjsrAiJi ur.htMKtlKW..Theuniversalmilitaryservice,gum-A Soldier's offering to his sweetheart is naturally the sweetmeatthat gave him most refreshmentand greatest enjoyment when onduty.The Flavor LastsINOTJR TJNGUAB3ED CITIES.(Julius Chambers in. the BrooklynEagle)A significant accident that occurred while the Senate was listening toSenator Lodge's account of itsshortcomings recently, calls attentionto a heretofore unconsidered menacethat should be guarded against everyday. I refer to the explosion in NewJersey, near the Erie Railway terminal. A. friend has offices in the Woolworth Building, overlooking theHudson and a vast expanse of NeivJersey shore. He stood -at &is window watching two airplanes circlingin tli a hi n ft skv over the river andJersey shore. Suddenly a terrifficroar was heard, as of a broadside othe heaviest guns. He was lookingup and down the river, but saw nobattle ship. Across the river a hugecolumn of smoke began to rise. Thenfollowed a second explosion, for such. was now clearly the' cause of theshock, and up rose an additionalmass of black clouds. Flames soonappeared, hut the heavy pall ofsmoke soon settled down over theriver, shutting out the oppositebank.Only then did he recall the coincidence of the airplanes. They had disappeared, but the suggestion was obvious that they might have been operated by German agents. Hours afterward it was learned that theywere American aviators aloft onpractice flights. But the suggestionwas also compelling that nothingwould have been easier for enemiesof our country than to have dropped bombs anywhere in this city,!after which they might have flownto some deserted section of New Jersey and abandoned the aircraft.One naturally asks: Are theraany armed airplanes that could beused for the prevention of just suchand adventure by a bold enemy aviator? I remember to have seen a 1-manairplane at Van Cortlandt Park lastfall, upon which was mounted asmall machine gun, but such aweapon would be inadequate to copewith a properly piloted, bomb-carryingcraft.Fortunately, no lives were lost inthe New Jersey explosion, and, atpresent no evidence exists that thedisaster was the work of nationalenemies. AltlTough the importanceof the event is greatly minimize!from what was at first probable,danger of destruction by enemy skyraiders is still apparent.From the 22 nd of April to April27th, inclusive, we insist that in or-jder to eliminate fire hazards anddisease spreaders every patriotic citizen in the Commonwealth of Kentucky use his best efforts to saveand conserve the resources of ouvState and Nation.Therefore, "We request that theMayors of our cities, towns and villages at once issue proclamation calling for a CLEAN UP, PAINT UP,SPADE UP campaign during theweek of April, commencing with the22nd, and continuing to the 27th,iclusive, and we appeal to the civicbodies, Boards of Trade; Chambersof Commerce; Committees on FirePreventiion; the Women's Clubs;housewives; boy and girl scout organizations; superintendents, principals and teachers of schools; parochial schools and their heads; firechiefs and their men, and everyother loyal American, to heartily cooperate with their civic authoritiesin an effort to make the Commonwealth of Kentucky fire and diseaseproof.On account of our being at warwith a foreign nation to preserveour institutions and our liberties itbehooves us to put forth our everyeffort for the conservation of foodstuffs and finished and raw materialsfrom destruction by fire, arioV to doour bit in this great war for thefreedom of mankind we must notonly buy Liberty Bonds, but we mustdo all we can to furnish our boys mthe trenches with food, clothing,munitions and supplies of all kinds.Therefore, carelessness and neglecton our part at this time is indeedcriminal. Cleanliness is a big factorin the prevention of both fire anddisease. Accumulations of dust, rubbish, rags, waste paper, etc., in basements, back yards, and piled againstbuildings, are always dangerous.Better have the ash heap or rubbish pile in the' back yard convertedinto a garden spot.Many fires can be prevented by using ordinary care. "A fire in anycase is a calamity, but a careless fireis a crime."Therefore, We suggest and urgethe week of April 22nd to 27th, in-elusive, as CLEAN UP WEEK be observed throughout the State, and wowill call upon the Mayors, Chiefs ofthe Fire Departments, Health Departments, Chambers of CommerceWomen's Clubs, &c. and on eachand every individual in the State toco-operate with this department tohelp "PUT KENTUCKY OVER THETOP" in this clean up week.T. B. PANNELL,State Fire Marshal.E. M. WHEELERSl:.11 0M.BIGRUGSPECIALr -"&lozA CAR LOAD Of RUGST"FOR BILIOUS TROUBLES.To promote a healthy action of theliver and correct the disorderscaused by biliousness, Chamberlain'sTablets are excellent. Try themand see how quickly they give yo.ia relish for your food and banishthat dull and stupid feeling.(adv-april)Cheap skates have nothinjwith skating.to doBOUGHT AT THE RIGHT PRICEThese rugs must be turned into money Quick, though, forus to get out on them, hence the bargain prices we offer.Room Size Rugs in Floral and ConventionalDesigns.We are not the biggest wheels in the furniture business, but we keep the littlewheels rolling every day. We have not the largest store in Paris, but I have thebest, I have the best selection for the size of stock carried, and I leave you for thejudge of prices.Also a Beautiful Line of Iron Beds Just ReceivedSomething to Suit Every Household.E. M. Wheeler Furniture CompanyROBNEEL BUILDING, COR. EIGHTH AND MAIN STREETSLet Us Solve Your DryCleaning Difficulties"&THEELECTRIC...' DRYCLEANERSCLEANERS AND DYERS OF FINEWEARING APPARELPtont Us: E. Tenn. 9tl; Home 124 - PARISKY.I- U.At the proper time Mayor B. B."January will issue a proclamation,calling upon the people of Paris toobserve the clean-up and paint-upcampaign as suggested above. Themovement has the unqualified endorsement of the people of Paris'and the officials of the city, as being in line with the sentiment expressed by nearly every city in theState. Mayor January thought itbest to defer issuing the proclamation a few days.TBI SR ISIT'S A MISTAKEMade By ,Manv Paris Residents.Many people in a misguided effortto get rid of kidney backaches, relynn blasters, liniments and othemakeshifts. The right treatment iskidnev treatment and a remarkably recommended kidney medicine isDoan's Kidney Pills. Paris is noexception.The proof is at your very door.The following is an experience typical of the work of Doan's KidnePills in Paris.Ghas. Stewart, tinsmith, Lillestonavenue, Paris, says: "I have hadthree or four attacks of lumbago Inthe past few years, the first beingthe worst. There was a constant,dull ache in my back and oftensharp, cutting pains darted throughit. It sometimes seemed as though1 could hardly endure the misery. Itried different remedies to no avail,until I got hold of Doan's KidneyPills, procuring them from the Ardery Drug Co. The first box helpedme and I continued laking them until cured. s Attacks since then havealways been slight, and Doan's K'I-ney Pills have never failed to relieve me."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Stewart had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)m m ibiTJ. S. TO TRAIN MEN AT UNIVERSITY OF KENTUCKY.President Frank L. McVey, of theUniversity of Kentucky, announcesthat the War Department had definitely decided to train 400 men atthe University, commencing May 7..These men will be trained for two'months and then will be replaced byothers. Two hundred and ten menwill be assigned to the motor truckdrivers and chauffeurs' section, 100to the section in radio communication, forty ' to carpenters, thirty toblacksmiths and twenty to electriclrans. ' iThe Kentucky Trotting Hors3Breeders.' Association grounds wereaccepted for use of the men.JIK-GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES -DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Kfc111EXTRASpecial JThis WeekWaists$1 .SO and $1 .75 ValuesExtra Special$1.25We have just receiveda shipment ofNEWSilkPoplinSkirtsin blue, black, purpleand green, speciallypriced at$4.98A MAN AND HIS WIFEmay both derive satisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledg ethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings us.LEVY, THE DRY -CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 Home Phone 1692?JWHOOPINGtCOUGH.ii "'Give Chamberlain's Cough Remedyto keen the "coukh loose andexpectoration easy. It is excellent.'r-- -- , (advfapril) 'Politeness won't hurt you if youdon't hurt it. !"-TWIN BROS.Department Store '' Main and Seventh StreetsNow is the Timeto Figure onYourSpring PaintingANDPaperingut'Let Us Make an Estimate for You Before Placing Your Order. CallUs Over Home Phone 399.KANE Bf 'r cf- .v--L J&. "" .jftkrc si vattv1 IJFRIDAY, APRIL 19, 1918.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.KtShake Off That GripWhen Spring comes, with its changeable weatherand your exposure, it is best to clear away all thesymptoms left after an attack of grip. That evildisease leaves you weakened, and when its victimattempts to "do his bit" he exposes himself to the risk of a secondattack, for which he is less prepared, aod which may have graverconsequences.There's Danger in DelayApril and May are pneumonia months. In this time a weakened system is a constant source of danger, for the pneumoniaand grip infections are in the air, and after a long winter thebody is so clogged with waste it cannot resist them. Fortifythe health, remove the catarrh, and improve the digestion.For QuickReliefPERUNAThis reliable tonic is recommended to remove the wastefrom the body, counteract the catarrhal poisons and allay theinflammation that is catarrh, restore the regular appetite andtone up the entire system to resist disease. A well man is safe.As a tonic after grip it has won many commendations, while its effectiveness in catarrhal conditions is unquestioned. Take no chances TakePeruna.Peruna Tablet are alwaye ready to take. You may carry m boxmrith yem and ward off colde and chilL The liquid medicine in yourhome it u great eafeguard. Protect your family.The Peruna Company, Cahunbut, OluoGrowing of Trouble.Annoying troubles, noxious weedsthat they are, must have the elementsot ordinary life or they will fade awayand die a receptive soil in which togrow, the moisture of one's own tearsas well as the tears of as many othergood people as can be induced to cry,and the gentle sunlight of sympatheticattention. St. Paul Pioneer Praas,German Socialists fear a springdrive in the west will mean anothermillion dead, and a national campaign is on to avoid the slaughterProfessional Cards.WM. GRANNANAttorneyatLawROOMS 401402.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGDR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and Throat.ROOMS 403404.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING.PHONE 13.' Names That Signify Nothing.Beally, what Is in a name? Irish stewis little known in Ireland ; Roman candles did not originate in Rome ; what isknown in baseball parlance as a "Texas Leaguer" happens In as many gamesplayed outside of the Texas league asthose played In it ; the Irish daisy Is inreality a dandelion; Nethejlandersdon't make it a custom to pay for theirown refreshments while eating anddrinking with friends, and therebymake constant what is known as a"Dutch Treat." And so on, for Infinite examples.Star for Every State.It is literally true that there is a starin our flag for every state. The law of1912 that gave the stars their presentarrangement provided that the stars,if you start at the upper left-hand corner and read each of the six rows fromleft to right, shall correspond to eachstate in the order of its ratification ofthe Constitution.ss3j2uoq oi aS-essaui isavci s4uos-IIAV uapxsajti pejidsui qoxqAV ao-ead30 qao rcftuassa aq aaruip-e o rejohm. sja:rea xbm. jo oi b a.re ajaqj,"Plant a garden and do what President Wilson says is a -help to thenation.tThe Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 StreetSatisfaction is OurWatchwordWith all the latest improvements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we are preparedtodo work inferior tonone, and solicit yourpatronage.Bourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.Lexington RacesFIFTEEN DAYSApril 23 to May 9, InclusiveEight Valuable Stakes BestHorses in America will Contest.- vfc A ADMISSION:Gentlemen . - w t-.-. . .. $ 1 ,65which will include war tax.Ladles ........:... 2 i.'... .-..- $iriOwhich will, include rwr tax. . ?. y tChildren Under Sixteen Years of Ace Not Admitted ToThe Grounds.First Race at 2:15 O'clock Each Day,Rain or Shine !PROF. LYT.TLE DEPRECATESGERMAN IN PUBLICSCHOOLS.' -yHjHr i H'": ,ssssIN THETHE NEWS is in receipt of the following communication - from Prof.G. Brittain Lyttle, scholar and linguist, recently of the BarbourvilHCollege, and now in Manchester, inwhich he deprecates the teaching ofGerman in the public schools in Kentucky: "Manchester, Ky.,April 16, 1918."Editor BOURBON NEWS,"Paris, Kentucky."Dear Sir: Readers of THEBOURBON NEWS will doubtless iomember that when the bill for thediscontinuance of German as a foreign language study in the publicschools of Kentucky first came up inthe Legislature, the action of Representative Thomas, of Bourboncounty, in advocating the measurehad been heartily approved. TheLegislature passed the bill, but Governor Stanley vetoed it."In a patriotic discourse here yesterday for the encouragement ofsales of the Third Liberty BondsLoan, Prof. J. M. Robinson, Republican candidate for Congress, to succeed Caleb Powers in the EleventhDistrict, referred deprecatingly tothe action of Governor Stanley invetoing the measure for discontinuance of German in the schools of theState, at the expense of citizens whohave no use for German. I think hemight have adtietbthat it has bee aascertained beyond reasonable doubtthat Germany's policy in the planning of this war was first for thoconquest of France, at whose expense in great part she would subdue England, and then with tingreat navy of the latter country andenforced aid financially of both England and Prance, Germany wouldbe in a position to face the UnitedStates in a long war."But the next immediate stepwould have been to add to the Germen population of the United Stateswhich is already, it is reliably reported, including German born and thoseof German descent, forty per cent ofthe population of the whole countr.a few millions more of the more active sort of Huns. Then with a majority of the people of the UnitedStates of German sympathies andthe rising population of Americaspeaking the German language, whatbetween trators , at home and apowerful enemy facing us, successfor Germany would in the ordinarycourse of events, have seemed probable, and a long and bloody and exhaustive war for Americas would,beyond peradventure, have been ourdestiny."History repeats itself. In herpalmy days Rome was accustomedto oblige other countries to adopt herlanguage first and then her habitsand customs. If any citizen is partial to German there is no law toprevent him from acquiring it, butlet us not seem to stultify and debase ourselves by taking other' peoples' money to enforce upon them inthe public schools what they do notwant, and what every principle ott.civilization opposes as it does thtlanguage and influence of Germany'sally, the 'unspeakable Turk,' withwhom she stands 'cheek by jowl' inthis glorious twentieth century ofChristianity."Judge Robinson, in his eloquentaddress said that in all his readinghe had never seen where the Kaiseror any other German leader hadused the name of Jesus Christ reverently. The Kaiser sometimes refers to 'Gott as a sort of silent orunessential partner in the 'great'things he is carrying forward in theworld. But he does not even nameJesus as worth while at all. Andthe Louisville Evening Post poinTsout forcefully that when the Kaiserand other leading Germans speak of'Gott' as associated with them in thehellish things they do, Jthey makeJehovah the comrade of the Turk!"But in speaking of foreign language studies, it looks to an old, allaround American, of all the Americas, North, South and Central America, in which there are twenty NewWorld or Western Hemisphere republics, some of them as large as theUnited States, exclusive of Alaska,offering splendid fields of industryand enterprise to the youth of oarcountry, which, through the MonroeDoctrine, has brought them along sofar, the Spanish language, - which isthe National language of all America"" except in the United States andCanada, would naturally suggest itself as the proper foreign languagestudy for America schools and colleges. And it may be suggestivethat while in the United States thoGermans encourage the study of theirown coarse speech, as a foreign language study, in their own countrythey made Spanish, which is the leading language of all history and literature, the foreign language studyfor Germany, which they imagine,no doubt, would enable them towield paramount influence in American commerce and politics. Spanish is one of the two National languages of all America. And throughthe, building of the Panama Canal,which we did while Gerjmany waspreparing to make treacherous warupon us, all the American countriesare brought into closa relationship."Yours most respectully,"G. BRITTA1N- LYTTLE."- m i r, May LIkt Him. . '-What's wrong with Gathers r H;ni a mistaken conception of his ditjas a citizen." "Yes?" "He won't1; pulhis shoulder to the wkd. He want!other people to do thai while' htstands on one side and jots down thenumber of revolutions It makes." Birmingham Age-Herald.yi.i i-Tli - - , , iwrri-mt tmtt i - -wk rm Ttwm-, t-m r. wwm i i-fTfw i -wrir- tm m t-i -w n ! tt-i - . i . .- j .&rlPiil BEST IN THE LONG RUN W&lJBkK1 9 V - 1 & rrrcrfKiYrV$ TSyBBsMBlCV- M S;T -i f T SSUSBsiBBBvss?"w' wia MessasewMfe im i mrzew i .- .1 as0mHag BnyfromGoodrichDealereB butaira kTcrjwacrvS31cmsCJa 1JO33IViatv1",'taa.'C!-Tt.Messafrom America's RoadspjECURE certainty of service in Tested Tirei. They give, w . w uv.uo m.v w ji.uvcu scrvicct xxieir eiiaur-ance ana mileage nave Been proved in the one way toassure mileage to the motorist, on the car on the road."Hearken to that 1918 message, the roads of America sendAmerican motorists. Last year Goodrich, launching six Test CarFleets in six widely different regions of our country, took GoodrichTires, and with light and heavy cars mauled them over sand; graveland rock roads of plains, deserts and mountains, to try out-rasares-v -,- .or t-'W-TV t, f,fjTGOODRICHlllallil l iff e, a"?"!?TESTEDWhat those tires endured doubled Goodrich's pride in its tires.They fought America's roads through 4,178,744 tire miles. Theyconquered the roads of America in that phenomenal mileage, thoseBLACK SAFETY TREADS and SILVERTOWN CORDS.Let Ajnerican motorists listen to this messagefrom America's roads. It means time and moneysaved them. They get lasting service with the tiresthat have won the title, "America's Tested Tires."THE B. F. GOODRICH RUBBER COMPANYCincinnati Branch: 1110 Race St., Cincinnati, Cllc.Every War Sav- J 5ing Stamp is a step jSj towards Peace. 5S! . Forsae fltpvery I J(M Goodrich e, anch and S1"JZh"m:vi25isiV.e&?&a THE'-. KZ4tnZ6xmZc?TttCZISffSfiutCC&ltl'3LCITY OF GOODRICHZZSZ&3?ZZZ3V'AiUZt, i.i-jrzOT; sx wrrescc ' ZZX&tyj&ffjF&J4AKOIN, OHIO. ?8S&SgSgfoZzn s r a.2j ATe Z2 a vz3s t Ui-rc s jCaqpaSORTING MACHINE REDUCESCOST OF HANDLING MAIL.Speed, accuracy and economy, the"prerequisites of efficiency in the mailing divisions of our big post offices, are raised to a new high levelby a remarkable mail-sorting and assembling apparatus described and illustrated in the May Popular Mechanics Magazine. Until recently it hasbeen necessary to do all this workby hand. With the machine, whichin handling first-class mail serve;about the same function as does thelinotype in the printing industry,labor is -reduced about 50 per centand an actual money saving of 30cents per thousand letters effected.Conveyors bring letters direct fromthe canceling machines to feed tables, where power-operated chainsmove them into the reading positionsbefore the operators as rapidly as thelatter ca-n dispatch them. A spectator at each of these places, embodying the essential principles of thecancelling machine, counts and records the number of letters handled,and imprints on each a characteridentifying the operator. The practicality of the machine has beendemonstrated at the Chicago postoffice, where a, model, with a singlekeyboard, was used experimentallyfor about a year.Avoid Neglect of Duty.A great many things contribute tomake life a success, but you can spoilIt simply by neglect.The war department' ought toknow where it can get advice' oneverything it wants to know; itscritics have been so thorough.Our Two Black JacksaSDIRRELLY1)AND"BULL SPEARS"will make the season at our place,3 miles from Paris on the Maysville pike,$10 to Insure a Living Colt.These are two , fine animals? bigbone, mealey noseand belly and aresure foal getters.Home .Phone 3 or 370.TURKEY BROS.PARIS, KY.(lapriji-lmoColumbia GrafonolasSS2SiI Columbia Grafcnola No. A, $18.00isColumbia Grafonola No. B, $30.00""Columbia Grafonola No. C, $45.00ARDERY DRUG COMPANY410 MAIN STREET i PARIS, KENTUCKY..-SavingTitrv:m : Jmwmm vHjj ;ana.iprevtsDiarrhoeaThlaiaoctdanMrosalnhfTAof allbbycliiekd- If lUIGea posiureiyTented,by petting s or s aropa ocIwrfcM -WiiKrf UmAiiin ttaA (b'iakiac.wkW darlaK tbrfirea dy.CMf &tmtUasaAkM 12nUIOBa0(BaedUdH.' At drQKKttta er by sukllpoutpM. Poultry Bookfre.CifMlriM4rC 0CWt MatatMKbv vPip. mJBl&'JvwfTTDutch Boy!Doojt avepinf fe:iettinr your boose AL- D.M Jgo withbot it Che-pir fcr to aave the AnCDOr OniKlhooie than the paint. H'lTLa.' .frVrj.Irui Boy w&tf Jea4,,inixd wrtfi pbre WmtC"LwufUneeed oil, spraads aaily,. covers tnoroufhly, and does not bliater or crack, nomatter how severe the aaaaulta of son,rain, or snow.Our assortment of paint, oils, varnishes,etc., is of best quality throughout.i ,Cc5 :C. A. DAUGHERTY'52HIs$'?ji" ' i mniu HIM iwmt ww '"wii'rtiri mm mtmrmamVTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARK; KY.tIDAY, APRIL id, 11.-P4GE EIGHTC2S THE PARISAND ALAMOL.? tGRAND:.I&Ssi1ii'5u'U'H- i;TJke J. TiUNDERTAKERSAND EMBAZMERSaMfetaParisand SixthStreets- Mntor eauinment.t: T Ambulance calls promptly attended to withI' Limousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funerallBBBBBBBBBBBjBaHBBHBBHBBHaBaBBBBBBBB '111 1 1 1 1 11 1 I 1 1 t"l"I"l"I lH"tllW'"t,'I"l"'I""'I'"i'i l''I'MILLERSBURG,f' Mr. Earl Hill improves slowly.!- Mrs. Fannie Norton is critically!ill. IT Mrs. H. J. Faith is seriously illwith pneumonia. iMr. M. E. Fruitt was at irvine,'Mrs. M. E. Martin "is confined lolier Ded with the grippe. jMr. O. E. Hurst is able to be outafter a slight attack of the grippe.Rev. Alex Sanders, of Paris, wa-3the guest of his daughter, Mrs. W.J. Dailey, Monday.Mr. J. M. Thorn, of Lexington,-was a. guest of his mother, Mrs"Sarah Thorne", Wednesday.Mr. Allen Ingels, of Camp Zach--ary Taylor, Louisville, will spendSaturday and Sunday at home.- Amity Lodge No. 40, F. and A" M has ordered a handsome serviceflag, which will arrive in the ne-iri future.,-r-Mrs. Ruth Peed and daughter,-"Miss Carrie Peed, left Tuesday for afew days visit to Mrs. R. C. Gold: saitth, at Paris.r-Mrs. Emma Long, of Georges' town, was the guest of "her sisters,' Mrs. T. D. Judy and Miss Mary K.Taylor, Tuesday and .Wednesday.:The many friends of Mr. J" Smith Clarke will be glad to learn' tkat he is improving. He lias beei' ina Louisville hospital for 'severalweeks.Mr. W- D. Mclntyre and faiiily inoved Wednesday to their newTiorne iust completed. The MissusMclntyre moved to the propertyw just vacate'd by Mr. Mclntyre.Mr. amd Mrs. J. Claike Le-j- and mother, Mrs. W, G. Leer, Tfc-- - turned Monday after a few days vis itat Camp Zachary Taylor, Louisville,- and to Mr. J. Smith Clarke, of Lou-isville, and Mr. J. Will Clarke andA -family, of Bloomfield.Miss- 'Lela Daub man, daughtt-rof'jVc. Daubman, and Mr. HenryDixon, son of Mr. Henry Dixon, allof' near Cynthiana, were marrieihere by Rev. J. C. Gardner. Aftor- the ceremony the bridal party re-turner to the home of the groom. .Mrs. Stanley Layson, of Broolr-- ing, South. Dakota, arrived Friday- as guest of her mother and sister,-: jvtrs. .Laura Lawson, and Mrs. D. E.r Clarke. She had expected to mak'r a protracted visit here which wat cut short on the receipt of a telegram- Monday evening- announcingt&at Mr. Layson would be called to. camp iu-A-few days. She left Tues-f - dar for her Dakota home.1 ta nlav. "Cousin Gene." willr bs given in M. M. I. Drill Hall, tonight, Friday, April 19. The Cadet- pccliestra, under the direction ofPrbt. Trost, will make its debut.Tke proceeds" derived from the above- entertainment will be used for -rentalof a number of tents and also topurchase a Service Flag. Everyone".-: tfc Bourbon and others will be interested, to know that M. M. I. has: -'- fifty-sixf-boys in the service thirty-. inft commissioned officers. Admission. 25 and 35 cents. An eveningof fun and pleasure awaits you, andf. it the same time you will be helping to entertain the "old boys" who,.. .' expect to come "home" for the 25th: .- aaniversary of M. M. I. June 1 to 4- Inclusive.BIRTHS... On April 15, to the wife of Mr.fkgih Fleming, residing near Pari.aine-pound son, christened YirgiiKenneth. Fleming. The mother wa-Xcerly Miss Ira Watson, of Carlisle. The smallest baby ever born In""Winchester is the little girl bornWednesday to Mr. and Mrs. AmosJoJuuo. The child weighs less-tkaa. a pound and a half. It is saidtk child will live. She i3 keptwrapped. 1m. cotton-and-cloth.Have .you been buying War Svy"g Stamps regularly?Hinton Co.Ky.Day phone 36Night : . . 56or Home 286ourpurposes only.DEATHS.HEDGES.The funeral of Mr. Edward B.Hedges, aged sixty-nine, who died ina Cincinnati hospital after a longillness due to throattrouble, washeld at his late residence on Stone ravenue yesterday afternoon at 2:30o'clock, with services conducted byRev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of the ParisChristian church, assisted by Rev.J. T. Sharrard, of Paris. The interment followed in the Paris Cemetery,with committal services at thegrave by the Knights of Pythias andMasonic lodges, of which he was amember.Mr. Hedges was one of the beatknown traveling men in this section,representing several of the largestpacking houses in the country. Hewas the son of the late Samuel andRebecca Moran Hedges, who reside.!on the Cane Ridge pike, near Parisin the home now occupied by Mr. J.W. Ockerman. For several years hewas in the revenue service as storekeeper and guager under the administration of President Grover Cleveland. He was a member of the ParisChristian church, and was prominentin fraternal circles, having been amember of the local Masonic andKnights of Pythias lodges.Mr. Hedges had been in failinghealth for several months, and several operations for throat troublehad been performed at a Cincinnatihospital in hope of giving liim relief,but to no avail. After the last operation his physicians gave up hopeof restoring their patient, and hisfamily were so advised. His deathoccurred at four o'clock Tuesdaymorning. The body was brought tohis late residence on Stoner avenuein this city Tuesday evening.Mr. Hedges is survived by hiswidow, Mrs. Mariammi HildretlHedges, and one daughter, Mr:.Samuel Biggs, of Huntington, W.Va., also by one sister, Miss LetitiuHedges, of this county, and onebrother, Mr. Jos. Hedges, of PeweeValley, Ky.The pall-bearers were: ActiveEdward Prichard, Wolf oik Ewalt,Joseph. Ewalt, Will Grimes, ErskinSpillman and Frank Clay; HonoraiyL. J. Fretwell, Arthur Calvert,John Roseberry, Asa Jewell, JamesE. Kern, Warren Rogers, Dr. J. T.Brown and Dr. J. M. Williams.BETTER RESPECT LAW ANDAVOID TROUBLE.That no mercy or favor will heshown violators of the game and fishlaws was evidenced in the CountyCourt when County Judge GeorgeBatterton assessed c. fine of $23.50against J. N. Crockett, of the county, who had been placed under arrest by County Game Warden Douglas Thomas, Sr., on a charge of Illegal fishing in Stoner creek. Crockett entered a plea of guilty to thecharge.Many persons seem to be underthe- impression" that the recent Legislature repealed the game and. fishlaws, which is" a great mistake, andone that is apt to get them in serious trouble. It is still unlawful totake fish from the streams of Bourbon county in any way (even with aminnow net, save getting minnowsfor bait) except by hook and lim.Any one catching or attempting tocatoh fish in any other way exceptby hook and line or by, trot liner,are subject to a fine of from $15 to$100, in the discretion of the Court.Hunters must still take out a licenseto hunt, except to hunt on theirown premises.m m mWhat 'will Czemin say to Wilson'slatest message? It is almost unkindto pillory the German leaders in suchfashion, but then it has to be done.Friday, April! 9thLADIES' AND GOVERNMENT DAY,twq ladies will be admitted for one admiss'on, pi jsthe war tax.yJesse L. Lasky PresentsGeorge Bebanw fa a Paramount Picture'One More American"Adapted from the' play; "The Land of the,. . .Free," by WmiC DeMille.'King Baggott and -Marguerite Snow, .in,. -...;. : . sixth 'episode of ; ":"THE EAGLE'S EYE.'VPricesAN APPEAL TO PATRIOTIC PARISPEOPLE.To the People of Paris:W,e are warned from Washingtonthere is a serious food 'crisis ahead,for our own people, unless food production is promptly and greatly increased. There is already an acutefood crisis in Italy and France.The dire needs of their people mustbe relieved by our Government ifthey are to support their brave menin the trenches. If they fail, wifail; if their lines are broken, hundreds of thousands of our boys"over there" will be slaughteredNo starved army, no starved natioiican fight.We are assured that the peopleof the towns of America can easilyraise enough food, in yards and outlying lots to release for our haidpressed Allies all they need.. Willwe do it? The answer to that question is up to the people of eveiyAmerican town; up to every citizenin it; up to your town and you.There would hare been a far moreserious shortage fn food supplfp;?the past winter but for the increased home garden last year. But thisyear, they must be -multiplied manvtime to avert suffering here andruin abroad.No family of limited means canafford this year to be without a garden. Food will be hard to get inmany places, at any price, for railroads and shipping will be straineJas never before, to meet war needs,and foods from a distance cannot hedepended on. Fortunately gardenproduction is quick-.There are many thousands of villages, towns and cities in this country. In and about nearly every onof them there are idle lands that can,be gardened and men, women, boysand girls who have the strength and,can take the time to do it. In praq-tically every one- of them there aiipeople who understand how to do Jtand can direct those, who do not, and'teams, implements, manures and oth-ier needed things. Shall these vathuman, land and other productive'means, in and about our thousanagof towns, he wasted, w.hen the fateof our Allies, the fate of our ownbrave soldiers and the fate of thisnation depend on their being usedto produce food? That question,Mr. Hoover tells us, depends on th2American people, upon us and yoIIf the people of American townshave not got men and women intelligent enough to realize the need Zoraction and patriotic enough to organize, on their own account, and get:action and results, we may expectdisaster. Shall our children an-iour children's children say we threwaway the liberty our ancestors wonfor us and them?This Committee, serving underour able, strenuous and patrioticFood Administrator, Mr. Hoover, isworking without pay or funds. Wehave accomplished much, but cando little more than endeavor toarouse the people to the need ofthe hour.CHARLES G. STRATER,Chairman United States Food Administrator's War Garden Committee for Kentucky.Pa IS laNOTICE TO PROPERTY OWNERS.Put your premises in good sanitarycondition. Every Tamily in Pari3knows what this jmeans. Rubbish ofall kinds about the home must beremoved. Put on fly screens flytime is here. Fight the origin ofdisease. Boil all water used fordrinking and domestic purposes. Inother words, take such precaution asis necessary to good health.By order of the Board of Health.A. H. KELLER.(16-3t) City Health Officer.GOVERNOR ANNOUNCES STATEBOARD NATIONAL DEFENSEGovernor Stanley has announcedthe personnel of the State Board ofNational Defense. Edward W. Hine.of Louisville, is chairman of theboard and tne other members are R.C. Stoll and Dr. S. H. Halley, ofLexington; R. E. Hughes, OwsleyBrown and Sigmund E. Le, of Louisville; Dr. S. R Collier, of WentLiberty; H. H. Cherry, of BawlingGreen, and W. B. Cochran, of Maysville. ' - iSaturday, April 20thPathe Presents the BestKnown Woman in AmericaMrs. Vernon Castleand Antonio Morenoin a remarkably fine Pathe filmplay"The Mark of Cain"Adapted from Carolyn Wells7 famousv novel.V Also Lawrence Semon in "Meddlerstid Moonshine," a Big V,-comedy, andHearst Pathe.Kews No. 26.At Hie Alamo Children war tax lc;. Adults 13c-war tax 2c.At the Paris' Grand -Children 5c-war tax lc; Adult 13c war tax 2c.Colored persons, Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 10c-war tax lc.RELIGIOUS.The Endeavor Society of the Presbyterian church will meet at theusual hour at the court house. Thesubject will be, "How and What tiRead." The leader will be Mr. O. L.Davis. The public is cordially invited to attend.Services will be conducted at St.jreiers episcopal church, in thiscity at 10:45 Sunday morning. Rev.Edward Thompson, rector of St.John's Episcopal church, in Covington, will preach to the congregation.Sunday school will be held at 9: SOoclock.The Pastors' Aid Society of thePresbyterian church will hold itsregular all-day meeting Tuesday,April 23, in the Red Cross rooms inthe court house. Officers will bfelected for the ensuing term. Afull attendance is requested.m i mRIGHT YOU ARE!Editor James Allen strikes theright note in his "Pert and Pertinent Column" when he writes asfollows:"We regret to note that Americansoldiers in the big battle on th3WJestern front have taken a fewprisoners. There ought to be no German prisoners, when the Germanshave been cutting the throats ofAmerican boys who fell into theirhands."Now'ALKifcOVERv ssS7 a ;af &&f W WEvery Day of the Past Week Has Witnessed the New Arrivals efHandsome Spring ShoesOxfords and Pumpsand now we present the largest and most beautiful selection of correct footwearever offered at unusually low prices.Ladies' Pearl Gray Boots and aj qqand Oxfords .JJJJLadies7 Mahogany Tan Boots d4 enand Oxfords $4.0ULadies' Black English Boots and aa aaOxfords $2.99Men's Dark Tan English Shoes and c A AOxfords $U.UU0 MHfe OawbtiiMVBBIks vfeferdMBbAll the Leading Colors in the Latest StylishLIES' HIGH GRADE BOOTS, OXFORDS AND PUMPSAt Prices You Can't Possibly Duplicate Elsewhere.DANPjaris' Greatest Shoe StoreSTOCK, CROP, ETC.Mr. W. F. Talbott, of Paris, hassent his gelding, McMillan, 2:16 &,by Egyptian Baron, to Henry Horine, at Lexington,' for training.A New Spring HatFor25 CentsYoa can color your straw" hatfresh and dainty withCOLORITE!In most every shade, or you eancolor your straw hat to match anew dress.Get a bottle to-day. We haveall colors.Brooks&SnappDrugCt.Phones 46415 Main Stis theTo Buy Your NewSpring Footwear!Our stocks are complete ,ih every detail,all the latest creationsat prices that only ourwonderful buying facilities can offer.Men's. Tan or Black,Shoes and j aaOxfords $4.00Mfln'd ftnn ffol T3ii7 " mjxtiace:$3.49-$2.99COHENWhere Beauty and Economy ReignMonday, April 22nd. . The Paris Favorite,-Douglas Fairbanksin ah Artcf aft Photoplay '. ."A Modern Musketeer"Also a Wm. Fox Comedy in two parts"His Smashing Career"AutoService !Mauling of All KindsSolicited.Large Motor TruckNo load too big or bulky for usto handle.Passenger Service!5-Passenger Car ready attimes for Taxi Service inCity or County.allRATES MODERATE.T. G. MorrisTime&&&'If1 ' II'll' Ik 1 1(AA ) In IWt iAIi. fn It(9 Alii Ifr u t- vM icy.H"Tjr" 7, "" 'wr v.'iN.-