"i .v v xr '0.f i -.ri , ,,s ,txA ' Vi1 5 " "','M .i. - 'rcSte" ,TT-dv.5"KPUBLISHED EVERY 'lUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.. -VOLUME XXXVIIPARIS. BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1918'THEflHi .fll v fln . Hi HHHBK'iflHBk. v iflkM fli - BW. Hi HHHI Hi Ht S iHHHSH AWvAB VAb BH 'MIBBl 'SISn -JBBBBm BSm. 111 "BBIm. BH B Hk. AYBBa-v Hi JaV Hi HI ' Hi .HI .m Hf-aF HffHl HHavH . - HHBvHi HI HI HHbHF HLHHH .bHHT bHH 1 HHB HHh HHH HHI .bHHt HHbI bbbf HHb HHH HbwHHHlHHH HHHHHHWHHH Hbb h fHHi HHHHHI HbW HHbbwDUUrDUn ML.VVO. vfwr.PREPARATIONS EOR THE UNITEDWAR WORK CAMPAIGN,At a meeting of the various committees who will have charge of theUnited War Workers' Campaign, heldin the court house last night arrangements were definitely j completed forlaunching what will be one of themost remarkable one-day campaignsthat Bourbon county has experienced in many years. The generalpublic has by this time become prettywell acquainted with the aims andobjects of the United War Workerscampaign. The organization embraces seven of the great charity relief working organizations in theworld the Y. M. C. A., the Y. W. C.A., the National Catholic War Council, the Jewish Welfare Board, theWar Camp Comjmunity Service, theAmerican Library Association andthe Salvation Army, all potent agencies for the greatest good.The big drive, it was understoodlast night, will start on Sundaymorning ana win continue aii aay.Like the recent Red Cross and Liberty Loan drives, it is the hope and.ambition of the committees to put thedrive through in one day, and thusrelieve the public of the feeling thata prolonged campaign always preduces. In the assignments of quotas forthe States of the Union, Kentucky'sapportionment has been placed at$1,770,800. Of this amount the citizens of Paris and Bourbon countyare asked to give, or pledge and afterwards give, the sum of $52,000.The general terms of the subscription were outlined at the meetingheld last night as follows: Bourboncounty's quota has been placed at$28,000, with an additional 50,making $42,000. To this will be added a budget of $10,000 for the localY. M. C. A., making a total to beraised in the county of $52,000. Itis understood that subscribers maycontribute to the general fund., $42,000, or they may contribute exclusively, as they desire, to the UnitedWar Workers' fund. The totalamount of $42,000 must be first raised for the War Fund before the Bourbon County Y. M. C. A. gets tlie $10,000 allotpnent. This procedure is obtaining wherever there are local organizations of the Y. M. C. A., theKnights of Columbus, or any of theother orders engaged in the UnitediWiar Work campaign. It is understood that the payments mayibe madeas follows: One-half on December 2 ;one-fourth on January 15, 1919, andone-fourth on March 1, 1919. Timgist of the situation as far as thelocal Y. M. C. A. is concerned is thatthe total amount, $52,000, must firstIMPORTANT NOTICE TO NEWDRAFT REGISTRANTS.Registrants for jmilitary servicemust be classified in accordance withthe Selective Service Regulations andnot in accordance with the brief indicatory, statements of the questionnaire. These subdivisions aremerely to be regarded as a guide toindicate the proper subdivisions actually belong.This instruction was mailed Wednesday by Major Henry P. Rhodes,Chief of Selective Service in Kentucky to all the local boards in Kentucky. The occasion for this instruction is that jmany of the questionnaries were-printed before the lastdraft law was passed by Congressand as a result there is a conflict between some of the provisions of thestatute and the questionnaire.For the present the involuntaryinduction of registrants of September, 1918, class shall be construed toinclude only registrants who were onSeptember 12, 1918, between the agesof 19 and 36. In the induction ofmen into the army the age of the registrant shall be construed to mean theage on September 12., m 151CUT ELOWERS.Choice cut flowers in bunches ordesigns for funerals, weddings, socialevents, the sick or any purpose whereflowers may be used. Prompt attention given all orders, whether largeor small.JO. VARDEN,(22-tf) Florist Agent.- ., Ambulance Corps, and was stationedI ; at Caftnp Sherman, Chillecothe, for aIN THE SERVICE OP THEIR f? time Mr' w1!6 was wound-COUNTRY.ed in both legs, caused by machinegun fire and high explosive shells.'He was doing very well at the timeTo the Citizens of Bourbon County.,As resident pastors 'of the cotmty.of the vast armies ihst ia.ve teamwe wish to give full and unqualified' " 4 the letter was written and thought endorsement to the United War "WorkFithian Arkle, and Fithlan RyeMr.lvTiitridge was Tiighly gratified tohave returned to Camp-Buellt .atftfind that he was under the care of a.Paris boy, and the accidental meetingPrichard, John J." Williams," RudolphDavis, E. H. Gorey, W. Gr. McClintock, H. A. Power, John Christman,W. W. Mitchell, J. Hal Woodford, Tilford Burnett, James Connell, W. V.Shaw.PARIS PRECINCT NO. 3.D. C. Parrish, Chairman; F. P.Kiser, Pearce Paton, Denis Dundon,G. W. Stuart, E. T. Rule, W. O. Hinton, J. O. Marshall, Ed. Burke, FrankSkillman, Douglas Thomas, Jr., J. S.Wilson, Elmer Myers. ,PARIS PRECINCT NO. 4.Geo. W. Wilder, Chairpaan; J. J.Grosche, Eugene DeBruyn, R. D.Smith, C. P. Cook, E. F. Savage, Wm.Myall, Walter Clark, S. K. Nichols, J.H. Hibler, Withers Davis, WilliamBryan, Ed. Burris, Chas. Green.PARIS PRECINCT INU. 0.M. J. Lavin, Chairman; L. D. Harris, H. L. Baldwin, John F. McCarthy,W. vannooK, u. xr.J. E. Craven. I.White, Geo. Doyle, Peale Collier, E.Tie raised Outo-th&t .sum Jthe Y. MJ-B. JanuaryLexington, to begin active trainingin the Student Army Training Cof ps. Iit was also given out that they -vferetherefor the purpose of keeping Barnett Winters from getting lonescjme.A postcard from Private LyonsBoard, formerly of Paris, who is howin France, says:"I am a long way from Paris (liy.),but I am going to start for old Kentucky sooner than you people at homethink for. Regards to all." The reverse side of the card shows an immense lot of eight-inch shells, packedten or twelve in a row, being inspected by Gen. Pershing -and Staff,with the motto: "We shoot this manyshells at the Huns every few seconds.Liberty Bonds will buy pnore!"J.Jos. W. Davis, Jr.. came to Paris.Tuesday night on a fiying trip fromGreat Lakes Naval Training Station,where he is a member of the Aviation Corps. "Jodie" had only seventy-four hours fourlough., In thattime he made the trip from GreatLakes to Paris, spent a short1 timewjth his parents, voted for Stanleyand Cantrill, paid a social call to afriend in Lexington, told friends ofthe great life he was leading inCamp, saluted the Stars and Stripesand returned all in seventy-twohours from the time he left camp!Clad in the olive-drab uniform ofthe Aviation Corps, former "Empire"J. Monroe Sweeney, arrived in Paris,Tuesday, for a furlough visit to hismother, Mrs. Alice Sweeney, on Higgins avenue. J. Monroe is.,stationedat Hampton Roads, Va.f'wtiere he isa member of the Balloon SectionCorps, at the Naval 'Operating Base.He is thoroughly in love with theservice, and says it's a great life.Mr. Sweeney was warmly greeted byhis many friends in the old. hometown, which, in his- awn words,"looks like a little bit of Heaven."Mrs. Oscar T. Hinton received aletter from her brother, Revell Whitridge, who is in the service in France,stating that he had been wounded inthe battle northwest of Verdun onC. A. will get $10,000. If more than$52,000 is raised the united warWorkers' Fund will get itOn Sunday morning, Nov. 10, everyhome in the county will be visitedand every person will be asked tocontribute to the Fund. These solicitors will not be working for theirown interest, but for you and yourboys, those who are in the armycamps, on the battleships, the convoys, transports, in the trenches, andin other lines of strenuous endeavorfor the "freedom of the world." WehnrA thfi neonle of the city and county will be at home, or at least, con-veniently -near, on ounuay, aaiu. ypared to contribute the amount askedof them without hesitation or complaint, so that they may performtheir work and make their reports onthe same day. If you don't give yourshare you will be classed as a"slacker."The seven organizations embracedin the scope of the United War Workcampaign meet the soldier at thehome camp, look after him duringtraining, follow him to France and upto the battle line. Whenever thesoldier sleeps, fights, or rests, the hutof the United "War Warker'is there toadminister comfort, spread cheer andsupply physical wants.We hear pnuch about peace, itcannot come too soon if it comesr? Pt -Rnf as lone as the war cloudshover over us we must contribute tosupport these organizations. If peaceshould be declared, as it seems likely,we should be ready when it comes sothat the period of demobilization willnot be followed by a period of demoralization. No fear can be felt forthe" boys while they are on a tension,following the flag toward Berlin, butthe relaxation period afterward provides a fruitful opportunity for theseorganizations to bring them hacK"homo mf R2mG and clean.The conditions which took ourboys to the battle line resulted inhigh prices for everything grown andsold. There never was so muchpmoney in this country, of ichBourbon county is a part, as there isnow. We have, in a lal way,profited by the war. Anything lessthan a liberal contribution made toincrease and maintain the morale ofour boys could not be sanctioned bya good conscience, and would be a rejection on the good name ol Jurbon county, which has been placed mthe front ranks by the Gvern?ethe matter of "putting over the topcampaigns in the war work activiUesIn every campaign that BourDoncounty has engaged fe has challenged the attention of the Nation in thematter of prompt and cheerful givingand our faith in this instance willBelow is printed the complete : Itotof the' committees who fll call nthe people of the city and countySunday, the first-named being tnechairman: , , -PARIS PRECINCT W.1F. P. Lowry, Chairman; Jokes, Thos. Kiser, Chas. Stephens,Harry Kerslake, C. N. Fithian, F. M.Clay, John N- V! f ?XPARIS PRECINCT, NO. 2iTiri.r.v- -!Wfrmaa.: Janesir-jn -or tt wkitley. UawarcLwith Arnsparger was a source ofpleasure to him, although he wassuffering at the time from hiswounds... Robert Adair, son of Mr. and Mrs.A. P,. Adair, of near Paris, has gone ;to the Great Lakes Naval TrainingStation, where he will be inductedinto the service of the United States.Mr. and Mrs. Adair now have foursons in .the service, Robert Adair, atGreat Lakes; Corp. A. P. Adair, Jr.,in France; Corp. Sam Adair, now atCamp Pike, Ark.; Hiram Adair, inthe Officers' Reserve Training Campat Augusta, Georgia.Capt. H. N. Royden, Commandantat Camp Buell, in Lexington, was inParis, Wednesday, inspecting theemergency hospital arrangements atthe Massie Memorial Hospital. Twoorderlies of the S. A. T. C. from CampBuell are on duty at the hospital,where conditions are greatly improved. A large quantity of beddingand supplies sent some time ago tothe hospital from Capip Buell wereinspected by Capt. Royden, who saidhe found everything in first-class condition. -Mr. and Mrs. Geo. M. Hill have leceived letter from their sdh, PrivateLawrence H. Hill, who is in the service in France. Private Hill is a(member of Co. B., 113th Field SignalBatallion of the American Expeditionary Force. He recounted incidents of the overseas trip, addingthat "never did solid ground feel sogood as when I set foot on the soilof France after that ocean trip. Nc'life on the ocean wave' for me." Headded further, thatnext to the signing of the peace pact nothing wouldlook so good to him as a late copyof THE BOURBON NEWS! That'swhat they all say!Ben Leach, of Paris, who has madethe overseas trip three times insafety, on one of Uncle Sam's bigships, arrived in Paris, Wednesday,on. a furlough. Ben's first move wasto get out his old fishing tackle andcampaign, which is to be conductedthroughout the Nation during thecoming week. We are in hearty andunanimous accord with the unitedprogram for raising these funds forwelfare work among the soldiers andhope and believe that generous andunselfish support will be given' the:cajmpaign by the loyal citizens oBourbon county.As you doubtless already know,the seven War Work organizationsthat are recognized by our government and that are uniting in thiscampaign for funds at the request oconcentrated in France-,. JBsgguun aiiItaly, Below is a copy of at- telegnus -recentlysent by Dr. John R M ott,Chairman of the National War WorkCommitee-r to our State Campaign. Directors Chicago, JlLrOct. ISv 11S.d. A.. Terebaugh,Y. M a A.r Louisville, Ky.'Our whole national organization imunited in conviction that the WarWork activities of the seven organizations-must continue to fee hmJwith full and incf easing vigor. Tluitwhenever peace comes it will be fol-j lowed by long period of demobiliaa-President Wilson are: The Y. M. C. jtion. Military authorities say jt witttaKe nrteen jmonthsr to bring Canadian;Army home, and eighteen momths forAustralian army. All military authorities with whom I have consulted insist it will require over twelvemonths after peace is declared to- bring American Army icpae.This demobilization period will jpresent greatest need, for our work: amdtby far our greatest opportunity.Therefore, there should be no hesitation or change in any of our campaign plans, except that of, enlarging"them and redoubling our efforts tosecure, if possible, fiftey per cent oversubscriptions.(Signed JOHN R. MOTT.All of these armies cannot beA., the Y. W. C. A., National Cath-alic War Council (K. of C), Jewish Welfare Board, the War Community Service, American Library Association, and -the Salvation ArmyNever before in the history of theworld has there been such a union asthis of religious and social welfare:bodies in a common and concertedeffort for the good of mankind. Inour opinion this united effort at thisti(me bodes no ill, but only good, tothe cause of righteousness in theearth.If any person insists that his contribution should go specifically to anyone of these organizations namecL.that privilege will not be denied him,but the idea of such specific giving j transported at the same time. Some-PARIS PRECINCTTNO. 6."D. S. Henry, Chairman; L. D. Redmon, W. T. Bryan, John L. Soper, S.E. Bedford, John F. Young, J. W.-Raonn. J. "Will Thomas.NORTH MIDDLETOWN PRECINCTNO. 1.J W. Jones, Chairman; H. S. Caywood, John T. Collins, C. C. Clarke,W A. Thomason, C. M. Thomas, E.M." Costello, J. W. Young, Jr., JohnJ Redpnon, Roy McCray, L. H.Bryan, B. F. Dalzell, Davis Patrick,L. D. Mitchell. TwNORTH' MIDDLETOWN PRECINCTNO. 2.Charlton Clay, Chairman; Capt. F.E. Nelson, S. Brooks Clay, M. HumePayne. .m . .,MILLERSBURG rRJUUiJNUx nv. a.W d. Mclntyre, Chairman; J. C.McDaniels, O. R. Rankin, J. P. Redmon, ,C. B. Layson, J. C. Leer A. T.Moffett, K. D. Burroughs, M. H. Boxley M. D. Hurst, Jphn Talbott.MILLERSBURG PRECINCT NO. .2.O E Hurst, Chairman; SanfordAllen, Letton Vimont, James T. Jefferson, Alex Miller, D. E. Clark, A.C. Ball, R. L. Tarr, Geo. Stoker, J.CLIOTONVILLE PRECINCTS NOS.1 AND 2.T. H. Clay, Jr., Chairman; L. K. jRice Chairman; Jas. Woodford, LeeStephenson, G. K. Jones, Sam Weath-ers, Geo. Davioson, juuhwuuxu,CTRVLLE PRECINCT NO. 1G R. Burberry, Chairman; i. &May, E. F. Poe, J. N. Kendall, Y,m.qnarks W. H. Shropshire, H. H.IS,' 1 C. Clifford, J N. Shropshire, V. W. Ferguson, John Welch,centervVe precinct NO 2.John M. Clay, Chairman; John JVI.T.plnh. Chas. Cox, Stanhope Wiede-mS?SSMMdpRECINCT NO. 1.Geo Current, Chairman; Geo.Wyatt, Jr.. Tames Fisher, J. .J. Harry Holt, Chairman ; B. B.Marsh, Geo. K. Redmon. Amos Turv Tr T H. Talbott.&& RCCK PRECINCT NO 1.S Ray Burris, Chairman; Rev.Ward L KiiBBeVB. P. Hopkins J. B.Boardman, Bobt. Letton Sobt Parker, Houston Crouch, ?C1glTip Hinkle. R. H. Burns, F. F BurSam Cly. !?SflSXJohn G. Beainon. x. u Dodge.TtrAnnan. n. " rr". -?;, o -dSeptember 28. Mr. Whitridge Wrote hike up Stoner Creek on , quest orthat his command went into action ; the elusive finny tribe. He is in exon September 25 and. thtJ$n sSepvcellent health and says he is enjoytemffer 2"B e'val'(JUnded'A''thei-ingltthe work greatly. He has nottime the letter Avas written he was in seen any of the Paris boys who are ina base hospital, a big hotel, which the navy, as they are in differenthad been converted to military uses, ' parts of the world-, some of them onin the southern part of France. The sea duty in European waters ana amflrst American he saw when he was ers doirig duty on patrol ships intaken to the hospital was Lucien Russian waters. Ben says he is cerArnsparger, of Paris, who helped to tainly glad to get a peep at the oldcarry him in and dressed his wounds, home town again, and proposes toYoung Arnsparger is a member of the enjoy his stay to the very fullest.jpWE RMOW 1SW IImwm Mini Ii AIM I Mil k VVUMWIiis. discouraged by the National Committee, and we most respectfully suggest that the people of this countygive without any designations or stip-.illations to the UNITED CAMPAIGNand let the National Committee prorate the total upon the percentagebasis that has already been workedout and agreed upon by the seven organizations participating. Let it bea united America back of a unitedallied army of freedom.We wish very earnestly to call attention to one other very importantmatter. WHATEVER the OUTCOMEof the PRESENT PEACE NEGOTIATIONS, THIS UNITED CAMPAIGNMUST GO OVER. The world is nowlooking upon the disentegration of alarge portion, if not nearly all, ofCentral Europe. Russia has alreadygone to pieces, Austria-Hungary isbeing torn to bits and in a fashionthat is almost pitiable, Turkey maylikewise crumble'indfit is not'beyondthe range of possibility ''that whenthe German army is forced to surrender and the people of that empiresee that they have been betrayed bytheir government, they too, will splitup into spnall States even as AustriaHungary. At any rate It is almostbeyond question now that a largebody of soldiers will have to bemaintained by the Allies in theseshattered empires for purposes ofpolice protection and to prevent anarchy and utter calamity until something like order can be brought out!of the chaos. This will requiremonths, possibly years.Then it is estimated by careful military authorities that it will requireseveral years for the demobilization!will have to wait, and it would seem.in all fairness that armies of ourcountry, being the last over, shouldbe the last back. We must, therefore, accustom ourselves to a Ionsperiod of demobilization, even thoughthe war should end soon."Demobilization means demoralization," is an expression that has goneout of the experiences of armies inthe past. This should not, must notbe true of the demobolization. altarthis war. If it should be true all ofthe high standards of morality attained by our soldiers in the cantonpnents and on the field will come tonaught. But whether it, is true ornot, will depend upon the manner iawhich these welfare organizations axesupported and enabled to carry ontheir work.Therefore, whether the war endsthis week or next year, we must goover the top with this drive for everydollar and probably more will bneeded before the period of demobilization is oter.We commend to you the slogaadopted by the State Committee forthis drive. It is this: "Salute-' andgo to it; its a war measure.V A&4we are firm, in our confidence tkatBourbon county will not fall -belowner splendid record, in this very important-campaign. ""(Signed)G. R. COMBS,R. H. ELLETT,W. E. ELLIS," R. C. GOLDSMITH, t ;rE. K. KD3WELL,P. S. RHODES,JOHN" J. RICE,N. L. SHROPSHIRE.IIaIX"-r"rzz. txt t wornaii. o. r.W- J' rvS Yiun'g Fred Fister,'S.WWMl, Chas White,SttSS' 3&Ji5. Tom MitchellKb WsMt,uli Ferguson,. WillIllBy WearingDUOPOLDUNDERWEARThe layer of soft cotton on the inside is soothing to the skin. The layer offine wool on the outside is warm and can'titch. ,The outside absorbs moisture fromthe inside cotton and drys it. It keeps thegarment always fresh and dry never feelswet or sticky, like an all-cotton suit.DUOFOLDProvides Warmth, Comfortand HealthTHE ELECTIONS.THE rNELTJENZA STTOATIOH APPAEENTLY QEPBO VUTGFrom all indication the influenzaThft NTnvp'mhp.r election nassed off77 , 1T" i J 7.,, urom an indication ine innuenzaquietly in this city and county tH in thia citv and nt w-Tuesday. In f act, if it had been mucn verv H hatter. am the anthnH-quieter; it would have made a - dis- ties nQW more ftyer confldeBttinct noise There was very little m- , that fhe critical atage of the diseaseterest displayed, and the vote was a has passed that from mwrather light one. The- fact that so - ,,,, TOni k -Kt tdt..many voters of the city and county ,the epidemic sll0W8 g 0J ritare now ul iue amu ax w -" 'abated there have been only a fewvice, and the enforcement of the in- new He The authoritl8fluenza ban was given by the cam-r were red to state yesterdaypaign managers as reasons for the jugt when the bjm would nfteiamns ou in uie vulc. " ?" .and Paris allowed to resume its -norture of the day was the submission - w Qf nYinsto each voter of what was PracUcally c(mditions are ro mudh 5a questionnaire, in which he was ter . ci the Board HealtkaSKea-a niSWJry UJ. ins xiic,. mc ctw. , wnr71Prf fho tiennle asrainat r-object being to assist the Government lax.n ,n the sli htest m(Mtm the work-or-fight regulations. . . observance of the regulationsUOUrDOn COUnty complete gave iui ., . - nt.rrhiifert toward stim-m rtj 1 T" O O 13iviiTtmsenator auuiiey, u., .1,000, "-' ing out the disease. In their opiaK" HIV Sr ConerAeaTafttS l' i0 there would-be yet some. dangerD:l6Slmh51T in lifting the ban on pul gather-vote is given in tabulated form inanother part of this issue.. In the Seventh District, composedof the counties of Bourbon, Clark,Estill, Fayette, Franklin, Henry,Oldham, Lee and Powell, Stanley'simaioritv over Bruner was b,44X,Cantrill over Hammond, 6,634.election of Stanley for Senator wasconceded by a majority ranging closeto 8,000.mgs, ana tnat tney naa nox as yetfelt justified in even assuming sucha possibility.. At a meeting of the State Board ofHealth, held at the Seelbach Hotel,in Louisville, Wednesday, the banrjrjjg "was lifted in only three countiae in.tne state jeuersou, vrratveo auu.Warren. In other counties the -closingorder stands as it was at firat, issued, except by application to thevarious County JHealth Boards andyou.Come in and we will gladly showUnion Suits and Separate. Garments. ."xMITCHELL & BLAKEMORELOOK HEBE. MR. EAEMEE! GUNS. their action, if favorable, must firstEIELES. AMMUNITION. , be approved by telegraph by the ex-!ecutive members of the State Board.We have a complete line of guns, .nrifles, and all unos or ammumtmu, , QQAL HEATEBSpUEll SAVEE&nunting coats auu 66'u"-(It) FARMERS' SUPPLY CO.INSURE YOUR TOBACCO.Insnre your tobacco in the,barn against fire, wind-storm,etc. We settle quick.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.Ya lei mRED CROSS TEA ROOM. ,Dr. Reed's Cushion Sole Shoeneraeion anoes-. r?The Red Cross Tea Roopi will have'a special "Victory Dinner" Sundayevening, from six to eight o'clock, following the United War Worker's campaign. The dinner, which will heserved for 75, cents, v comprises thefollowing ' menu, appetizing enoughto -tickle the palate ' of a grouchy.f rlvRTMvnt.ict ' vw i j. fuL. mw Turkey1 with, dressing; cranberryManhattan OnirtS I ... notatoes a la surprise; cream.S anUfloweri with cheese dreaemgHV'S hot rolls: Victory salad; waters;.1Stetson HaUX;tvM Nesselrode pudding; 'eg1-ki;rr -A. tft--Biiir. -' - r.&?&HOW'S THE TIME TO BTJT.For the hest coal heater, get theHot Blast, it saves fuel and givesmore heat. We have a limited supply. Better huy now. "(8-tf) A. P.' WHEELER & CO.ESCAPED 'L00IEff, RirrOJUTPITO STATE HOSPITAL.Wm. Peach ind John Cooper, tfmates of the Eastern Kentucky Hospital at Lexington, who escape fromthat institution, Tuesday, werecaught near Kenney Station in tkte-county-hy Chief of Police Link amireturned to the .Hospital. ChteCXimkreceived information that -tl nhad been seen .in the neighborhood.He drove in his auto to the vicinity,and found both men. Th hospitalauthorities were notified, and sent attendants, who tookwith them. Tneyacan br workinrIan Orator shaft.''rKinin mokhmm imnmrtstir ay HvovtfKrfl?I-!.''L'i'.11jh.i;vj1ui ct tt i --cX-li. " --SiU tr -7'x-( iaftiWvv! i; iTWOIBF BOURBON NEWSfctiWnTirff 188136 Years of Continuous PublicationNHished Ereri Tuesday and PridayPar Year. .$2.00 6 Months. .? 1.00Payable in Adavance.iwHUFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner..frtiiniil at the Paris, Kentucky;FOatoffice as Mail Matter of the, gtcoad Claw.)erroneous reflection upon theiferaoter, standing or reputation oiwmj person, firm, or corporation wnicn.saw Ke&r in the columns oi -rajaBOURBON NEWS will he gladly comif brought to attention of tneADVERTISING RATESt'-Display Advertisements, Jl.oo perfor first time; 60 cents per mensubsequent insertion.heading Notices, 10 cents per lineissue: reading notices in Diacs$ype, 20 cents per line, each issue.i . Cards of thanks, calls on candi--atetee,obituaries and resolutions, andaiatUftr matter, 10 cents per line.r Special rates for large advertise"SJMts and yearly contracts.. The right of publisher is reseivedto decline any advertisement or otherfrwttrr for publication.ABSouncements for political officesmoot invariably be accompanied bytfce cash.fe This paper has enlistedhthe government in thejfcause of Amcnca iax the'period of the war- EDITORIAL MUSINGS.T&E NEWS has never taken muchstock in the abuse or ridicule of Con-fl-threes -and our State Legislatures, inwjaich many newspaper paragraphers,or hufmorists seem so much to de-,t light. It is, unfortunately true thatw are often unwise enough to sendtoour State and National capitals to.jaaake laws for us men who are by noi means "qualified for that importantKaluiyV but as a rule the members of- Imth houses of Congress are men ofcharacter and ability. It would speaklittle for the intelligence of the votersof America if they were notAt the same time it is necessary torecognize that our law-makers sometimes make bad laws. They are muchlike the' rest of us and no nearer infallible.-Now 'and then they pass aTaw tha is worse than a mistakethat iSra blunder or a positive crime.One such law as that 'establishing a" zone system-of postal rates -for second&& mail matter that is, for allperiodicals which was passed lastTrimten.The zone system has been in operntfea: since last July first, and it hasI TMSek ' abundantly demonstrated intflSaVtifme that it is not only a foolishrylaw, but that it belongs in the classfrrxxf "darfl fool" laws. It is taxing theSuriodiicals heavily, adding to the la-iKwr.-And troubles of postmasters andnail clerks and adding -little to thejf' 'rerenue of- the .Government. Passedjrith. the avowed purpose of Teaching4 certain large publishing houses that.rece .supposed to :be profiting greatlyHsfrY, low postage rates, it has, as was to-4K W pcted, hurt , these great con-tzz-twnsmuch, less than the smaller pa-fees that were already struggling to!?Uy6. It is not too much to say that.it-makes Practically impossible the! publication at a reasonable price of: paper with a small and widely scatf r-tered .circulation, unless that paper isa&e to obtain, large amounts of adh - Yertlsing at a high rate.' - If s a bad law, a wholly bad law."We don't object to "paying the'f j4freight' but the zone systepi makestoTw disgusted. If the Government-, saeeds more jnoney, let's pay it, but a,' plague on the zone system. The zone. i postal system will foster provincialt Jam and sectionalism, as no ordinarypublication jean profitably do businessoitteide of the radius of three hun, dred miles. Another question suggests itself: Was the Postoffice Department primarily designed for service or for profit and revenue?Further Wage IncreasesThe latest wage increase by theliplHJlldiiig labor adjustment board,MBmrnxs -toa' raise oi-irom j.j to zupr cent,fixing the basic rates forte principal 'skilledtrades at 80-v cmte an hour.,j-'.fp,, one 4s -going to accuse Washr;fiatom. of not "being good" to labor.irfrg6Ued labor has as broad a standtt?tVae w jiiipjoinacy, and its argumentsvaj& giv0fli far more theed than thoseTndfm&triite i& diplomacy. In nearlyJjjjj 'JjflMT'. liraiLch of industry, either di4,xiotijr ?r indirectly connected with,.jijieririr; labor's demands have not, ''ir t bi s backed,, but enforced feyXrjyjw,i.s!,xpyii Mrnp oefuimn ww intrfrtt lroflstrtkeiAthJBtftaN; fc?iiif i -tt:,,timr the warlater Bar4 ltiicnwoir' of hof oasts 1 all liaes of imdtry deciding in eyery instance, webelieve for labor, When the tele.graph lines didn't accept the demandsmade- upon them, the -Governmenttook over the lines-nd to fill themeasure full the telephones were included. oThe Washington viewpoint is based upon the belief that the price oflabor must keep up with advancedcosts in every other direction. Noone disputes the point in these daysof progressive thought. But there areplenty of difficulties, neverthlessand (most of these difficulties grow outof the fact that the Government israising the price of labor in somelines of industry, and the industries that have to meet the increased.burdens, have no way of securing increased cost for their own products',or service.The processes of "equalizing,"therefore, have -not all been met, bya long way.REDCROSS COMPLETINGNURSE SURVEY.THEThe government of the UnitedStates is conducting a registration ofall classes of semi-trained nurses, thisincludes nurses trained by experience. This registration means that someare obtainable for the care of minorailments will be registered in everypart of the community.The Red Cross can then get intouch with these capable women andget them to take the places of graduate nurses now permanently employed in private homes or in hospitals,to look after children, or the generalcomfort of the household or afterpatients. This prevents shortage ofnurses at home.A nurses' survey is now being conducted in Bourbon county for thispurpose. There are enrolled to date35 nurses. Twenty of these are practical nurses. -But there must be agreater number than this throughoutthe county.All nurses who are qualified, andall persons who know of such nursesare asked to report immediately toMiss Reba M. Lockhart, ExecutiveSecretary Nurses' Survey, BourbonCounty office, Main and Broadway,Cumberland phone 98.GREATLY BENEMTED BY CHAMBERLAIN'S TABLETS."I am thankful for the good I havereceived by using Chamberlain's Tablets. About two years ago when Ibegan taking thepi I was suffering agreat deal from distress after eating,and from headache and a tired, languid feeling due to indigestion anda torpid liver. Chamberlain's Tablets corrected these disorders in ashort time, and since taking two bottles of them my health has beenI good," writes Mrs. M. P. Harwood,Auburn, N. Y.(adv-nov)fe Id S3MORE OH PROM ROSS CREEK.Announcement has been made thatconnections completing the 3-inchline of the Cumberland Pipe LineCompany, into the Ross Creek sectionof Estill county, have been made.This wiH be an outlet to considerable storage oil, the 2-inch line, whichhas been taking the oil from that district, being inadequate to carry outall of the oil produced. As a resultthat has been considerable complaint f ropi operators in that section,and an independent pipe line wasconsidered. The additional facilitiesof the. Cumberland, ''however, tohandle the oil will prevent any suchsteps from being necessary. Thispipe line" will handle the product ofthe wells in. which Bourbon countycapital is invested, and in which alarge number of Bourbon countypeople are stockholders.Bl ICi leaCHAMBERLAIN'S COUGHEDY.REM-Do not imagine that because othercough medicines failed to give yourelief that.it will be the same withChamberlain's Cough Remedy. Bearin mind that from a small beginningthis remedy has gained a world widereputation and immense sale. Amedicine must have exceptional meritto win esteem wherever" it becomesknown.. (adv-nov)IS &i tsj!IR MAIL -PILOTS. GO THROUGHTHUNDERSTORMS.(Electrical Exeprimenter.)The air mail pilot is solving theproblcjm of flying in all sorts "fweather. Prior to the establishmentof the air mail service it was regarded as impracticable to makeflights with airplanes during severestorms.Recently Lieut. Stephen Bonsai,from Philadelphia to Washington,ran into a violent thunderstorm atLaurel, Md., at an altitude of 5,000feet and proceededon his way to thelanding field at Washington withoutinterruption. It was impossible todistinguish any landmarks in suchtorrents of rain. When he descendedto a lower altitude for observationhe was near the wireless towers atRadio, Va. To observers he appeared to drop out of the clouds fromne where at an angle of 45 degrees toa height of about 300 feet when heleveled the plane and made a perfectlandingat Potomac Park in the midstof : torrent of rain. The plane arrived, on schedule time, not being delayed by tne storm. The propellerwas slightly damaged by the peltingrain.m 191 M-ABOUT CROUP.If your children are subject tocroup, or if yau have reason to feartheir being attacked by that diseaseyou should procure a bottle of Chamberlain's Cough Remedy and studythe .directions for use. so that in ea.of an attack you will know e-rtwVM& cqurse to pursue. This is a favorite and very successful remedy forcrou,, and it is Importaaf Umt youobserve the directioiw" carefully.(adr-nor) ITHE BOURBON NEWS, PAWS,LET'S BtnLDTHE-trAkp. Vt .-Down at Stithton, ICehtucky, thirtymiles west of Louisville, the UnitedStates Government is building thelargest artillery camp in the knownworlds It is necessary to rush workon this camp, if it is to be- completedin time to be of the greatest serviceto the Government and the army, andfor that reason patriotic workmen all Iover Kentucky have been appealed toto go to Camp Knox and aid in thiswork. The highest wages ever knownin this State are being paid theseworkers. If they work ten hours thecontractors give them credit foreleven, and if they work over time,they get time and a half and doubletime for Sunday. Men who have beenworking on the farms and who havecompleted the harvests can find hereprofitable employment and comfortable surroundings until it is time togo to work on the crops again in thespring.Common labor is paid 35 cents anhour, or $3.85 a day for ten hourswork, vas each man is credited withthe extra hOur. Carpenters, men whocan use a saw and hatchet and hammer readily, make $6.00 a day and?12.00 if they work Sunday. Otherlabor is in proportion. Men who candrive automobiles and trucks can beused at remunerative wages. Menpast 60 and 70 years of age are making more money than they ever madein their lives before.The men are comfortably housedfree. They pay nothing fo'r lodging,and warjm blankets insure their comfort at night. Their meals, plenty ofgood, substantial food all that anyhealthy man can eat cost them 30cents a meal or 90 cents a day, ameal such -as would cost $1.00 to$2.00 at any hotel to-day. There isa hospital and medical attendance forany who may chance to be ill, andthe location of the camp is one ofthe most healthful in the State.We believe that men who go hereto work are performing just as muchof a patriotic duty as those who arefighting overseas for the liberties ofthe world. Men who are trained ascarpenters, plasterers, contractors,every form of skilled or unskilled labor, will be of much greater use atCamp Knox, where they can be ofimmediate service, than in Europe,for which it will require the hardestwork in training them.We hope this county will add toher already good quota sent to CampKnox. All who desire to aid theGovernment in this work should apply to Mr. Frank P. Lowry, CountyChairman of the United States PublicReserve, who willfurnish all required information. It gives this paperpleasure to do its part in this, as ithas tried to do it's part in every otherpatriotic activity since this' war brokeout, by giving this matter such publicity as the press of news permits.VOn election day an effort is to bemade to enroll all available labor atthe polls, not only men who are ofvoting age, but those between 16 and21. Volunteers, who will go to thepolling places at their opening and remain to the close, are wanted byChairman Lowry. Those who willserve in the different precincts areasked to telephone or write him, orspeak to him personally about thematter at the earliest opportunity.te es HiSLEEP AND REST.One of the most common causes ofinsomnia and restlessness is indigestion. Take one of Chamberlain'sTablets immediately after supper andsee if you do not rest better and sleepbetter. They only cost a quarter.(adv-nov)Public Salea"Farm, Stock, CropOn account of declining health, Iwm oner ior sale my home on theBethlehem pike, one mile from citylimits of Paris, 'Ky., onSaturday, Nov. 9, 1918AT 2 0'CL0CKNP. M.This ,farm contains 5 acres ofland. Two-storv reside np orooms, two halls, two porches, cisternand all necessary outbuildings. Alsoa large feed barn,4 with cistern atbarn, and double corn crib. Also atthe same time and place I will sell:1,800 sticks of good tobacco;3 or 4 tons of mixed baled hay;1 bay stallion, 8 years old;1 black jack, 8 years old;1 sorrel work, and driving horse, 6years old;l-sorr.el work mare, in foal to jack;1 coming two-year-old filly:1 weanling mare mule colt;1 aged mule; '3 good Shetland ponies;1 good Jersey milch cow;1 sow and 3 seventy-five-poundshoats;2 farm wagons; .1 spring wagon;1 buggy and harness;1 Randall harrow ;1 40-knife cutting box;1 fodder cutter, horse power attachment; 1 walkingvcultivator;1 dragjponctSscraper;1 set Work gear;1 cowboy saddle;.. 1 side-saddle;Lot of other things too numerousto mention; , - - .Some household and kitchen furniture.f , ,, W. O.BUTLTCmJfX;j-v -.The, Joy Recipe 1 ,Take CascaretsRegulate liver and bowels,.and sweeten the stomachspend 10 cents and seeEnjoy life! Straighten up. Yoursystem is filled with an accumulartion of bile and bowel poison whichkeeps you bilious, headachy, dizzy,tongue coated, breath bad and stomach sour. Why don't you get a 10cent box of Cascarets at the drugstore and feel fine? Take Cascaretsto-night and enjoy the nicest, gentlest liver and bowel cleansing youever experienced. Give Cascarets tochildrenalso, they taste like candy.Never gripe but never fail. Sick, bilious children love to take this laxative, (adv)s '"sa saHow can a county expect to havegood roads when the man in chargeof the road work is incompetent?-Strayed or Stolen.From my farm on the Cane Ridgepike, near Paris, a two-year-old sorrel walking mare; about fifteen handshigh; one hind leg white half-way tohock; star in forehead; light-coloredmane and tail. Liberal reward forinformation leading to her recovery.JAS. M. CALDWELL,Cumberland Phone 616. Paris, Ky.FOR SALEPure Duroc gilts. Will sell at reasonable price.E. F. PRICHARD,(tf) Paris, Ky.LOSTNear Paris, a hound bitch, white,with lemon spots; heavy with pups.Any information regarding same willbe appreciated or rewarded.O. L. STEELE,(29-tf) Phone 413, Lexington, Ky.Executor's Notice!All persons knowing themselvesindebted to the estate of the lateGeorge Rice are requested to settlewith the undersigned executor.Those having claims against theestate will please have same provenaccording to law and present for payment. E. J. MARTYN,(oct29-3wks) ' - Executor.For RentCottage of four rooms on Winchester street. Has gas, electric lights,bath and all modern improvements.Apply toMRS. MARIA LYONS,(18-tf) No. 918 Main St.IRONrWejay highest prices for ironjunk', hides and wool.MUNICH & WIDES & CO.,. Eighth St., Paris, Ky.,Cumb. Phone 374."(23-tf)Lost or Stolen ,Either stolen from my home onPleasant street, or lost somewhere inParis, a pair of jet earrings, set ingold. Reward for their return.MRS. SALLIE BASHFORD,No. 921 Pleasant Street.Home Phone 436.Wanted Junk.We pay the following prices forjunk? wWcli we guarantee the beatprices to be obtained" anywhere Inthe State. Send us four shipments:Rags, $3.60 per hundred pounds.Mixed Iron, $1.00 p per hundredpounds.Wrought Iron, $1.10 per humdredpounds.Heavy Cast, $1.10 per hundredpounds.Bones, $1.20 per hundred pounds.Heavy Copper, 23c per pound.Light Copper, 21c per pound.Mixed Heavy Brass, 21c per pound.Light Brass, 12c per pound.Lead, 6c per pound.Zinc, 5c per pound.Aluminum, 24c per pound.Boots and Shoes, 7c per pound.Trimmed Arties, 5c per pound.Inner Tubes, lie per pound.Green Salt Hides, 18c per pound.Green Hides, 16c per pound.Calfskins, 27c per pound.Horse Hides, '$6.50 -for No. l's.Lambskins, $2.00.Full Wooled Sheepskins, $3.00.s Shearlings, $1.50.We also purchase old and hewfeathers, for which we pay the highest price. Send us samples.SPBYER & SON,Lexington, Ky.JOHN WRITE k CO.LOUISVILLE, KY.Litoral MrtitiMtand full value. fwitfft ninel-fcfvj'.natVnaWi rawJHMI -ftiruno:aDr VLaV.m ' a ' m BBflBHema-uto ICombination PoliciesrProtect A gainstsFire.""? jiT.' Theft xCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityAnd OtherCasualtiesA. J. FEEAGENTIt is Time To BeBlkPOUSHESBI liquids a pastes keEP YOUrSSIHFOR BIACK.WHITE, SHOES tASTING 5HWE- Itan.dark brown k, NEAT j preserve the II OROX-BLOOD m HBai LEATHER.SHOES Hk KlMEilF.0AUEVCOiP0ATWNVrlH bofjalo.m.yJHeatfor the Winter.COAL IS SCARCEYou will, have to depend largely on gas. Wehave a full line of the celebratedWilsonOdorless Heatersto select from, . Start early. .LOWRY&MAYGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.New DirectoryHome Telephone Co.- Our new directory will go tov press within the nearfuture, and if you are thinking ovf having a telephone in' stalled we would be glad to figure with you. We are permitted by the Government to make' -new installationswhere service is -needed for essential nnrnnoec 'and ri-Tided we have facilities andunarge" is paid by tne subscriber. This charge is veryreasonable compared with that of piping your house forwater or gas, or wiring it for electric lights, and imposedby the Government as a war measure only.Paris Home Telephone & Telgraph Go.(Incorporated.)J. J?,VEATCH.r DisttictManacerMIDE) NOVSKB1B 8, ltlt..Best Canned Soudsper can . . . . v '. 1 0cbcudders Maple-Syrupper half gal $1.24Pancake Flourper package . 15cIrish Potatoes 3cSweet Potatoesper pound 4cCabbageper pound 3 1-2cYork Imperial Applesper peck 65cGrimes Goldeff Applesper peck v 90cNew Mince Meat;per package 1 2cThis mince meat is sweetened ready for use. Seemy line of Pure. Fruit Preserves. ,MRS. ELLIS'!uCASH AND CARRY!GROCERYOpposite Court HousetfsmssmEzmmmm-:?mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmimmmmmcmmmmThinking About1i i1: :1iKSXflHXaaBXaaVXlw1the "Service Connection -Wf H. CAUlfOH...-, Tloal KamacerlJiPMiiiXtmtiderr(tillan24rF)-?"r.7Vr: V3pH& -'.:.Av-''I'h'urttl&zi.IlOTi-3t)s- FRIDEY, NOTEMBBlf 8. lSlg.fflJLtvar ?& -m - ir .yDAILY and SUNDAYLEXINGTON LEADERBY MAIL$4fll80.PER YEARAll the news of the war, by Associated Press, the best cartoons and comics,latest market reports, Woman's Department in fact, everything to iriake ittruly a JtLome .Newspaper. Send for specimen copy, or remit by checko money order to Lexington Leader Company,, Lexington, Kentucky.jsuchWjfjttK. .good luck.or-J&zBAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly RollCream PuffsDoughnuts, Rolls, PiesGROCERYFruitsFresh VegetablesMEATDEPARTMENTKoatsLamb, Veal, PorkBrainsWILMOTHGrocery Go.Phone 3T6iKEhhMMhhithitMniQhneRRnhhhHHiBI,ETTERS FROM BOURBON COUNTYSOLDIERS AND SAILORS3iI3lMfcfctefei5fi!EBii5aiieiiailHiJ9iieBteiafe&i5aiaiteThrough, the-courtesy of Mr. Jos. J Somewhere," and it was good. I amJ. Grosche and borthers, Will and I as, jmuch of a movie fan as in oldenHenry Grosche, of Paris, THE NEWS J days, and seldom miss a picture whenpenuiLieu. to print me ioiiowing mere is one to De seen.5J-'brighter;EVENINGSJNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house."UseSlectria'tjfor flattingIt's the only satisfactory way.9se SasTor Beating and CookingIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix Yon, UpFor the Use of BothElectricity tnd Gas.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)GOLDSTINESaves You Money onEvery Article You BuyLadles' SuitsCoatsShoesDressesWaistsSweatersDry GoodSv.' MillineryCorsetsKimonosUnderwearHosieryBlankets and Comforts.Twin Bros.Department StoreMain and 7th toris, Ky.SlSMis permitted toletter from their brother, Mr. LeoGrosche, who is in France. Mr. Grosche is an entertaining and versatilewriter and his letter will be foundwell worth reading."Tours, Indre et Loire, Prance,"October 1, 1918." "Dear Folks: Moved again. Justgot settled down and expect to be onthe move again within a few days.Am not located right in Tours, but ina suburb called St. Pierre, only ashort distance from the city. Like itbetter here than in any camp I'vebeen in. A big 'Y in the camp withmovies, or some other form of entertainment every night. Last .nightthere was a very good little vaudeville show pulled off by an aviationbunch. Hard to get anything herein the way of candy , but milk chocolate, but they sell hot chocolate inthe mornifigs and afternoons, and onthese crispy- days it goes right to thespot. See in yesterday's paper wherethe American soldiers are to be furnished every ten days with a candyration consisting of one-half pound ofchocolate and hard candy."We are permitted to visit Toursbetween 6 and 10 p. (m. without apass. Walked up there one night,and as it is about three miles to themain part of the town, and practically everything dark when you getthere, the trip does not appeal to me.Sunday I got a pass for the ..entireday. Got up in the city too late toattend church, so made a sight seeing trip through the cathedral. Itsthe first large one I've been in, andthe work is wonderful. It requiredsomething over two hundred years tobuild, and is about 700 years old, being also constructed of stone. Theentire exterior of the building iBrcarved, but of course, after 700 yearsit is somewhat weather worn, but notenough to efface the work to a greatextent."Went up in one of the towersover two hundred feet high, the topof which is reached by a spiral stonestairway of 300 steps, most of themworn half way through the width ofthe stone. From the top of the towercan be had a complete view of Toursand the surrounding country, also abeautiful view of the Loire River.,All the way up the staircase and atthe top of the tower the world ispretty well represented by initialscarved in the stone, and the TJ. S. A.is unusually well represented. Putimy name along, with the others, butit being somewhat laborious carvingwith a pen knife I didn't make a verylasting job of it. The interior of thecathedral is pretty well worn, andHooks just as ancient as it really is.Two of the chief curiosities being thetomb of th children of Henry Vni,and a painting given to the church byNapoleon."I am not much at describing architecture, so I'm afraid my description of the church will have to endhere. Next thing on the program Tralunch at the "Y." A very good mealfor 3 fr., the desert consisting oflemon, pie; pie being a very scarcearticle in the army. After lunch Iwent in search of a photographer, andfound them everywhere, but, folks,I'll have to again disappoint you.Their shops were all closed tighterthan a drum."I'm the unluckiest cuss that everwalked on two props. First, my hairis shaved off. and I'm not a fit subject for a pose. Next, I get into astring of towns where a -photographeris practically unheard of, and to topoff my hard luck, I get into a citywhere they are as plentiful as flies insummertime, and all their shops areclosed. Believe, though, that I willsoon be located where I can have thedesired picture taken."My next move was to visit a museum that adjoins the cathedral.Most of its contents consist of oldpaintings, antfque furniture, including Napoleon's bed, and a few piecesof statuary. My poor knowledge ofFrench and arts prevented my enjoying the museum as I should have liked to. When Barnum & Bailey'sShows toured Europe, one of theirelephants went mad on a boulevard atTours and had to be snot, it was presented to the above museum, wasstuffed."Well, the next visit was to Frenchvaudeville. I was sure, out of luckwhere the songrs and speaking partswere concerned, but the orchestra wasa no 1. and the mausic was catcny.t TOoe n nrettv. but dinky little thea-Jtre and the bill was about half ofwhat is usually put on at Keiths. Myseat cost 2 fr., but the prices rangedfrom fff. to 20 frs., the latteramounting to about $3.50. Imaginethat to see avaudeyille show. ,1 -J'8 45 p. m. Just saw a movie herein the 'Y,' 'The Stranger Fromrip ! "-rv t- -r r.tzs'"-""rf rT-i nam lu" I.M.WJPT irr i -.-vv-Faris, France,-' while I ariUover the lis" "A tt, tfiIS"Now to continue about my visitto Tours. There is not much, more totell, only that I ate supper at aFrench restaurant. The meals areserved by courses, and after waitingover an hour and only getting two ofthe courses, (and that is speedy for aFrench restaurant,) I gave it up,paid my bill, and sought in vain fora place to finish my supper. Everyplace ywas' jammed, 'Sammy' predominating. I then went to the 'Y,' listened to some good orchestra music,then hot-footed it for camp, gotcaught in a heavy rain, soaked to theskin and arrived in camp just as therained stopped 'the end of a perfectday almost."We now have a morning and afternoon class of French railroadrules, which looks very promisingfor some railroad work, but what afellow is going to do the next minutein the army is very uncertain."Understand again that we cannow send postal views to the States,so you can expect some soon."Now I must quit, as it is gettinglate. ' Love and best wishes to all,"Affectionately,"LEO."Penciled in the far-away woods ofthe Pacific slope, where severalBourbon county boys are located "atVancouver, Wash., in the Governmentservice, a letter from Ireland "Bit"Davis, formerly of Paris, reachedTHE NEWS this week, after a longjourney almost across the continent.The "misfits" are engaged in gettingout spruce timber for the manufacture of aircraft for the Government,while "Bit," as told in his letter, isdriving a big motor truck. The letter follows:"In Camp, Oct. 31, Thursday."Dear NEWS: This Hallowe'en isawful in army camp, and I expect itis the same way back home, so I'lljust have to think about the goDdtimes we all used to have. I thinkthere are lots of parties over in Portland, but 'all of we' soldiers can't getout at the same time, and this happened to be my evening in, so such islife in, the jirpny."Well, naturally, you know we fallows of the Northwest are longing to'get over,' but from the way thesenaners read around here it will soonbe all over, and then Uncle Roxie canhave another big parade, headed bythat muchly-talked of Liberty DrumCorps. Those will be the happy daysand I'm hoping they are not very faraway."This saw mill here in Vancouver,which is run by the Government,puts out 30,000,000 feet of sprucelumber for airplanes in one month,one million feet a day, and youshould see some of these old hardboiled soldiers working down here.Fred Miller is stationed at the mill,but says he is going to try to getback to the cantonment. Just between you and I and that old lamppost I think they are working him atrifle too hard. As for me, I am atmy old game," driving. It's not aWinton, though, nor a Cadillac, butjust now I am on a two 'and. one-halfton truck. The work isn't hard. Ihaven't seen a fellow in the serviceyet who works too much. In plainerwords, none of us are putting out agreat deal."I am sending a few verses written by a fellow I happen to know.Thought they were pretty clever, andyou (might use them if you care to."I read lots of papers from aroundhere, but the old BOURBON NEWSis the only one which goes to the bottom of my heart.. You can be, assuredthat here's one fellow wno appreciates it muchly, so don't lose my address. "I send my best wishes -and regards to all and surely hope the influenza has passed you by. As I saidbefore, Good Luck to All."Yours,"IRELAND 'BIT DAVIS,"31st Squadron, Vancouver Cantonment, Vancouver, Washington."waters, and 'am also eroirtsr to trv intaxe m .London and Liverpool.. Thatwill be about all I want to see."It just takes a trip over here tomake a fellow realize what a 'God'scountry the good old United Statesreally is. I ran into Buddie Jamesthe other day, and I was sure glad torun into somebody from the old hometown. He had lots of news fromthere, and gave me a copy of THEBOURBON NEWS. I'll tell you thatI read even the advertisements andit all looked good to me."I am feeling fine, except that Ihave gotten the inside of my mouthsunburned looking up at airplanesflying over. I have not run acrossacross any of the home boys with theexception of Buddie James, although,some of them are pretty close to here,and another bunch is somewhere inEngland. I wrote to Swift McGoldrich from here, but I suppose he hadleft for some training camp in theEast, and had not received it. Ihavealso written several others buthave received only two letters fromhome."Well. I don't know any news, exceut newspaper talk, and I supposeyou get plenty of that. But I don'tthink it will be very long until wewill be on our way back home again.I suppose the old bunch is pretty wellthinned out by this time. Give my regards to those that are left. Willclose for this time, hoping you are allwell. With kindest regards to all,I am,"Your Friend,"Noah Clark,"U. S. S. Carola,"Care Postmaster"New York, N. Y.''Sa -:-:mm:-:i'NOFFIE."COLDS AND GItlPPE YIELBCALOTABS OVERNIGHT.TOTo break up a cold over night orto cut short an attack of influenza, orgrippe, physicians and druggists arenow recommending Calotabs, thenew nausealess calomel, that is purified from all dangerous and sickeningeffects. Those who have tried it saythat it acts like magic, by far moreeffective and certain than the oldstyle calomel, heretofore recommended by all physicians.One Calotab on the tongue at bedtime with a swallow of water that'sall. No salts, no nausea nor theslightest interference with, eating,work or pleasures. Next morningyour cold has vanished and yourwhole system feels refreshed andpurified. Calotabs is sold only in,original sealed packages, price thirtyfive cents. Recommended and guaranteed by ali druggists. -Your moneyback if you are not delighted.(adv)sa m toIA Patriotic Christmas!Santa Claus will Be Here ThisChristmas, But Like EveryoneElse, He Must Do His Bit."The National Council of Defence knows that SantaClaus business is an essential occupation. They 'realize,:that the spirit of good cheer and good will associated withthe genial old saint will do much to strengthen the mo-"rale of .both the civil and military population. Neverthe-less, they have put Santa Claus under certain restrictions "which will make his business a help towards winning theXwar.Thus, All Shoppers Are Urged to StartTheir Christmas Buying NOW, andComplete it as Early as -Possible.iUNITED STATES TO BUYFOR QUALITY.BEEFAt a conference attended by Secretary Daniels of the Navy, SecretaryHouston, of the Department of Agriculture, Mr. Hoover, of the Food Administration, and representatives ofthe Quartermaster General of theArmy and of Paymaster General ofthe Navy, a unanimous agreementwas reached that all future purchasesof beef for our Army, Navy andMarine Corps and fighting forces ofthe allies shall be made on a basisof quality, irrespective of weight.The representatives of the other departments agreed that the Department of Agriculture should select theAll gifts (except toys for children) should be usefuland practical things, in accord with the times. Customers should carry their own parcels whenever it is possiblefor them to do so.It is with a wholehearted compliance to these rulingsthat we announce our complete readiness to serve youwith big and comprehensive stocks of merchandise suitable for gifts. While we will not be permitted to engageextra salespeople, nor to add to our customary storehouse,be assured that our utmost will be done to serve yaupromptly and satisfactorily.Every Department Now RadiatesThe Spirit of Christmas.Practical, useful merchandise suitable for Christmasgiving is shown by every department, and a visit to th estore now will help to solve your biggest gift problems.We urge you to visit'our store this week and at yourleisure inspect the big displays made in advance of th eholidays.woir,wiLE e co.mmIXIXIXIIXIXIsIXIXJXIXIXIXIXIVIXIXIXIXILEXINGTON, MY.Iits inspectors at the purchasing markets. The arrangement effected will protect the fighting forces in the matter of quality of meats and at thesame time will bring about a betterbalanced condition in the live-stockindustry- This course of action is inaccordance with sound principles qI production and conservation which.I have been advocated by the Depart-meats oifihe basis of quality through ment of Agriculture, the Food Ad-(ministration, and the other departments, with a view to anassuranee ofan adequate supply of beef for thfuture.fl "PiHow long must we -wait -and' howmuch speaking and writing"wilt Itrequire to convince the people" thatthey need engineers in charge of tfcirroad work? ,S.5x5NrkTV III. IllA Delicious DrinkInstead of CoffeeWhen for any reason youchange your 4:able-drink rkis an ecef ferrfe idea'to -tryTI I 8 ft .1 . ,Noah Clark, formerly of Paris, whois stationed on board the XT. S. S.Carola, in European waters, writes toMr. James J. Curtis, of Paris, as follows: "In European Waters."Dear Uncle Jimmie: I supposeyou will be somewhat surprised tohear' from me,v but I often thjnk of,you, of Jim Burke and air the boysat liome. I:h,ave been intendingwriting to you for -some time, "butthere is nothing "here a fellow canwrite about just say 'Hello' "and'Good-bye' "is about all."I like thejiayy fine, but'don'tthink much, of this place?. . Wish Icould . getv transferred, - but don'tthink there is any possible chance foris paeasm& not: cudrich coffee-like "f Savor andbesides bein agreeable ;fco-tciske has "the added meritsof quick preparafcion,economyand freedom "from all harrinrful substances such asthe'caffeine'in cof-fee."Theresa Rkrv.v-',-i.- &i'Vi ,a -fy. S-lW-U. 1Ji,lI-,V1rv. I&'v.WV . t.N JLJ2J.t'4 & V.111 x HwaTHE BOURBON NEWS, PAWS, KT."iraiDBY, Noywrewt . ira:f- .-j v -J'- aj.-?r.w;itvvW9 ACTIVITIES.t fWhat Will American Merchant ShiiHDo" For Women?.Women are becoming more independent economically. Anything thataffects American living standardsand national prosperity is importantto them as oread-winners and homemanagers, American earning powercomfort are based upon, transports-tion. We all know what transportation does for us daily in the form of" . - w t - 1Railroads, juercnant snips are simpiytransportation in another form theAfnerican merchant marine will carryour railroads around the globe on" our own trade routes, increase ourintake of products from other countries increase our sales of farm products and 'factory goods abroad, stabilize our business, and employment,and wages Every America woman,"who is her own bread winner will"benefit directly, and every American,woman charged with maintaining ahome and a fajmily will benefit toven a greater extent, because greater earning power, comfort and stability will benefit those she loves as well-as herself.American women can begin preparing now to intelligently supportthe American merchant marine. Theycan study our martime past and learn"why the American flag disappearedfropi the ocean for two generations.They can study the new Americanshipbuilding industry created bywar, and learn how war is giving usships once more. They can studyother nations, and world trade, andlanguages. They can assist greatlySn the task by learning facts them-selves, and by imparting them toothers. Thanks to the intelligence;and open-mindedness of American"women they have already organizedthemselves to study public questions,disseminate information, and actthereon. If the women of the nationinterest themselves in ships as theydo in other public affairs the American flag will never again disappearfrom the world's trade routes. TheAmerican merchant marine will bean important center around which towork for the American merchantanarine now, so it will later work forthem.Ifc IS "PRINDOESEMEKT OF THE UNITEDWAR WORK CAKPAIGN.Some . time ago Mr. George E.Stephens, Executive Publicity Secretary of the TJinted War Workers'-Campaign, wrote to several hundredprominent jmen and women in all sections of Kentucky, asking them toprapare for publication their personalendorsement of the campaign.The response was generous and immediate,, considering the influenza epidemic, the Liberty Loan campaigns,etc. One of the first responses received by Mr. Stephens was the following from Dr. Francis P. Campbell,of Paris representing the Knightsof Colujmbus in the Bourbon countycampaign:"Paris, Ky., Oct. 30, 1918."I cannot too highly commend tothe American people the splendidwork of the seven agencies."In order to reap the fruit of overfour years of suffering and sacrificeof our bpys and noble allies we mustmorally, physically and financiallystrain every effort to help these agencies who are doing so much to ameliorate the hardships and palliate thesufnerings of our splendid boys, whoare ever ready to make the supremesacrifice in order that the world maybe a safe place to live in and thesancity of the home will not be violated. "The terrible ravages of 'SpanishFlu -will make a great drain on ourfunds and every man, woman andchild in America is earnestly asked,to give liberally, generously and-without stint."DR. FRANCIS P. CAMPBELL."B-4HREInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,AgtsDEMONSTRATION -OF POWERFULEIRE FIGHTER.A public demonstration of a remarkably powerful fire fighting machine was given in this city Wednesday afternoon, when an automaticpump. auto-truck, built for service atCamp Knox, near Stithton, for theGovernment, was exhibited on thecourt nouse square. The machine wasin charge of Mr. John Aherns, of theCincinnati fire department.The machine was nlaced at thefire hydrant at the corner of Mainand Third, and a line of hose, with1 inch -nozzle, was put into operation. A solid stream of water was-shot "'over the tower of the courthouse, a height of several hundredfeet, with, as much ease as the oldtpye"1 machines play a small streamon axtwo-story building. At the sametime another stream of smaller dimensions was playing from the samemachine on another side of the"building. The machine was movedto the corner of Main and Fourthstreets, where two large streamswere thrown over the top of the five. story First National Bank. The: testwas a most convincing one inevery respect. At the conclusion ofT the demonstration, which was wit" neseed by 'Mayor January, membersof the City Council and citizens, thenre fighter proceeded under its ownipower to Camp Knox, by way ofGeorgetown and Frankfort.Flr, Wind and -LightningInsurance.Tnmac, Woodford & Bryan.TOBACCO INSURANCE.Talc na chancas incur yaurtafeacca in ttta aarn against liraand windstarm withYERKES & PEED.vMt) . , ,LilELECTION RETURNS BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKYNOVEMBER 5, 1918" WA-k'.ti "",. For U. 5. Seumtor'vi-Okf..- ptunlcyPrecinct-'H'Paris Na.Paris No.Paris No.Paris No.Paris No.Paris No.L.2.3456North Middletown No. 1 .North Mjddletown No. 2.Little Rock No. JLink Kock No. 2Millersburg No. 1Millersburg No. 2Ruddles Mills No. 1Ruddles Mills No. 2 :Centerville No. 1.Centerville No. 2Hutchison No. 1Hutchison No. 2Clintonville No 1Clintonville No. 2Total JMajorityPARIS MERCHANTS' CO-OPERATIVEDELIVERY CO. GIVENSEVERE CALLING DOWN(Communicated by Eugene J. Straus,State Craijman, Commercial Economy, State Representative,Conservation DivisionWar IndustriesBoard.)The Merchants' Co-Operative Delivery Co., of Paris, has just beennotified by Eugene J. Straus, StateChairman, Commercial EconomyCommittee, Kentucky Council of Defense, and State Representative, Conservation Division, War IndustriesBoard, that they must keep theirpledge and follow the Official Recommendations on delivery.The official recommendations aslaid down are:1 Make not over one delivery perday over each, route.2 Limit the privilege of returningmerchandise to 3 days.3 Curtail special deliveries in,every way.4 Require deposit on C. O. D. purchases. 5 Discontinue the custom of sending goods on approval.6 Co-operative deliveries, and thespecified detail for Paris is as follows: 1 All customers are hereby requested to have their orders in asearly as possible. We are requestingnrrfLe Cf lB iD- thvf . day b,efreOrders must be in before closingX CVCiU" ueiuie., jejvery mercnant m every lme ofbusiness is restricted to make notover one delivery per day over eachroute.3 No grocer or food productsstore shall have any special solicitortaking orders but same may be takenby the driver when delivering, sameto be delivered next day, or orderstaken by telephone.The routes for delivery shall be:DISTRICT NUMBER ONE.Shall be the entire delivery, Eighthstreet, and east. Deliveries over thisterritory shall start at 7 a. m., or assoon as practical after 7 a. m., andbe completed, if possible, not laterthan 9:30 a. m.DISTRICT NUMBER TWO.Shall be the entire territory westof Eighth street. Deliveries over this excellent organizations has been ofterritory shair start promptly at 9:30 incalculable and lasting benefit toa. m., and be completed, if possible, . our soldiers and sailors in this war,not later than 1 p. pi. and I know of no cause which de-SUB-DIVIDEROUTES. serves the liberal and generous conIt is expected that many merchants sideration of our people more thanwill have to divide this district up -does this one. Those who subscribedinto two routes, making one route in the Liberty Loan campaigns depart of the territory and coming back serve in manv instances miinh nmiiittaking the second trip over that partof the territory not covered.The food products dealers of ParisHaving expressed a desire to favorthe wishes of the public, of delivering, so far as possible, the food products in the forenoon, has necessitated the'request for all hours of delivery in the morning, to be in theevening before. This is necessary inorrlpr tliat Tio nr-oy moi, K ,in time for delivery without con-Mcw t, ,tM !, -u i5?55 Tni n ZTXZVxllivery equipment for hauling freight,etc., in the afternoon, or by using themen from this equipment Mn thestores to help fill orders or for otherwork.ftft m fcGOOD PRICES REALIZED AT PUBUC SALES.A large crowd was in attendanceat the public sale held by Mr. Calvert Meng, afhis place on the Stringtown pike. The sale was conductedby Auctioneer George D. Speakes.Some of the prices realized at the3!)lo woro OC foil rw lire"sale were as followsSingle mules brought from $150 to$200 a. head; pairs frojm $450 to$615 a pair; yearlings, ?225 to $275a pair; ponies, from $65 to $85 ahead; cows, from $65to$100a head;90-pound cattle shoats, $14.75 a hundred pounds; sheep from $15 to$17.50 a head. One aged jennet, soldfor the benefit of the Bourbon CountyRed Cross Chapter, brought a totalof $750.vroou prices were aiso realized, at"! J - t ,.the sale held Tuesday by Mr. Johnlcies were shipped to the AmericanD. Ockerman, on his farm on the CaneRidge pike, near Paris. Sucklingmules brought from $80 to $120 ahead; draft mares from $315 to $550a pair; cattle shoats, $15.00 per hundred pounds; heifers, $40 to $68; andcows from $65 to $100 a head.At the sale of stock, etc., belong -ing to Mr. A. P. Adair, near Paris,forty Duroc spring pigs sold from $40to $80; two-year-old cattle brought1134 cents; cowssold for" $l4to$9S;ponies from $.40 to $150; one mulecolt sold for $138.For CongressCantrHl HammondsB rimerRep.1944"5157164'91J42L. 55US5474118581111026471367859Dem.6818694113849216444.Dent.70185'102.s8491169-431326111494153671265951538120Rep,,174243'57J 598914.IB52'7411657109876070347757U1C591149615668129585451802311868 I 157218681513296355SENATOR BECKHAM; INDORSESWAR WORK CAMPAIGN.The United War Work Campaign,which will be inaugurated in thiscounty on next Monday, November11, is receiving the commendation ofpatriotic people of the State. Thework to be done is vast and thereforerequires an immense amount ofmoney. They are asking for $170,500,000, which is none too much.Sqme people may think the war isnearly over, and that therefore it willbe useless to contribute such a largeamount of money for this purpose.But there will be more need of workduring the reconstruction period thanat any other time.The boys will be contented as longas they are fighting, for they are inspired by patriotism, and will put upwith any number of hardships as longas they can get at the Hun. The trying time, however, will come duringthe period of reconstruction, and thenecessity of these organizations willbe increased tenfold because therewill be a let down in the enthusiasmamong the boys. They will be anxious to return hqme as soon as theirduties are over. This of course willbe impossible, as it will take eighteenmonths or two years at least beforethey can be sent to America and mustered out of service. They will havemore leisure time, and leisure breedsaiscontent. Therefore, in order toeeu up their morale will be morenecessary to amuse, instruct and cn-,tertain them.The following is a copy of SenatorBeckhapn's letter to Mr. Wm. H.Crawford, General Secretary of thePublicity Committee:"Dear Mr. Crawford: I am in receipt of your letter of several daysago, asking me to give some expressions in regard to the United WarW3ork Campaign, which will beginNovember 11, to raise the sum of$170,500,000 for the united work ofthe Y. M. C. A., the K. C, the Y. M.H. A., the Salvation Army, etc."It is needless to tell you that I amin hearty sympathy with this movement, and sincerely hope that the fullamount be subscribed, and that Kentucky will do its part in the greatwork. The service rendered bv thPRAbut in thaf work they were making alSafe investment by buying the bonds!, of this Government."The coming capnpaign of the United War Work organizations is, however, a higher test of the patriotismand generosity of our people, for inthat they are giving to the worthiest of causes without hope of any. """WJ Jmonetary return. Neverthless theJ?!8 l Plendid.organizations is one of such a bene-.ient and lasting character that ourcountry will receive immense practical returns as well as moral returnsupon the investment."Permit me, therefore, through youto express my cordial good wishes forthe success of the campaign and es-pecially that the people of Kentuckywno nave responded so generouslyand so nobly in every call for warservice will not fail in this one."Very sincerely yours, I(Signed) "J? C. W. BECKHAM."GARMENTS FOR ORPHANS SHPI-! i-wtit rwv .. . .rA3 TU UUMJllTiliJi.On account of the prevailing epidemic of influenza, Mrs. ThomasHenry Clay regrets it was impossibleto have an exhibit of the many beautiful garments made and given by thefriends in the county for the unfortunate little LaFayettes. Knowingtheir dire need of clothing she deemed it best to ship them without de-i lay, so the things would reach Prancehv nhrietmno who fii onw - ...Committee for Devastated France, No.16, West Thirty-ninth street, NewYork City:Twelve feather pillows; 12 pink1pillow slips; 25 wnite cotton pillowslips; 6 towels; 39 handjkerchiefs; 61j29 petticoats; 48 cotton drawers;ureases; iio pacKs; z mgnt gowns;3030 cotton drawer waists; 24 -unionsuits; 24 aprons; 12 tilled comfortcases; ,38 pairs of stockings; 2 blankets; 14 quilts; $ oatlKtowls; -Jtcoat;16 pairs of slippers; 3 pairs of bloo'mers; 1 kimona; 6 ambulance pillows.SAVE COAL BY USDHT WOOD IFs POSSIBLE.Mr. James H. Thompson, FederalFuel Administrator for Bourboncounty, has received the followingletter from Mr. George W. Hubley,vChief of Conservation of the FederalFuel Administration, in which- heurges the use whenever possible ofwood for fuel to replace coal, andthereby effect a greatly-needed saving: "November 4r 1918.''Mr. James H. Thompson, Chairman,"Paris1, Ky."Dear Sir: You have doubtlessread with, much relief the announcement of our Fuel Director, Dr. GarfieW that there are abundant sup-,. 099 J ine country, ana matp ea no recurrence of thewe need fee. --inter You willi ,,Vh4o nt lanf a'lWi UU Will,however, note that he caii ugn usall to relax none of our 35liancfJ,now that the anxiety for personalcomfort is allayed. War requirementscall for an ever-increasing supply ofcoal and this supply can only be obtained by a continuation of our sac-rifices"Coal in large quantities can hesaved by the use of wood as fuel. Ofcourse this latter is dfficult to obtain,the few men left on the farms arealjmost wholly occupied with the taskof feeding those who fight or makemunitions, but now that the 'corn iscut and the wheat is in there must bedays of comparative leisure. Therewill at least be days when the groundis too wet to break for future cropsand on those days wood can be cutfor, fuel. Let this wood be burned inthe daylight hours and the coal willbe saved to hold the fires at night.There are portable saws in almostevery neighborhood which can beutilized with such co-operation as exists abong farmers at threshing time.Co-operation will secure fuel for theneeds of community buildings, suchas schools and churches. The woodonce cut, trust the neighborhoodchildren to get it in."Won't you please try to inaugurate a (movement in Bourbon county toincrease our coal supplies by substituting wood as a fuel, asking eachcommunity to foster its development?Even the top of a tree will have fuelvalue. Help the good work along."Yours for the conservation of fuel,"GEORGE W. HUBLEY."1 Ta 15SCUT FLOWERS.Choice cut flowers in bunches ordesigns for funerals, weddings, socialevents, the sick or any purpose whereflowers may be used. Prompt attention given all orders whether largeor small.JO. VARDEN,(22-tf) Florist Agent.CHRISTMAS SHOPPING SHOULDBE DONE EARLY.In the opinion of Paris merchantsearly Christmas shopping is morenecessary this year than ever before.It js not only a matter of consideration for the employes, as heretofore,but because it is the only way inwhich patrons can hope to have satisfactory service in the shops. Doyour shopping early!FOOD ADMINISTRATOR PENAL. EES LOCAL BAKERY.Alleging that a Paris bakery hadbeen making bread loaves of shortweight, whether intentionally or unintentionally not specifically stated,the case was reported to County FoodAdministrator Lawrence Mitchell.Mr. Mitchell conducted an investiga-&FRANKLADIES'v. '-AT)"- k iV-We Are Now ShowingOUR NEWFALL LINESMisses' and Ladies'Silk, SergeDRESSMSMisses7 and LadiesSUITSChildren's, Misses' and Ladies'COATSFRANK & COtion, and reported the results toState Food . Administrator Fred M.Sackett, at Louisville. After reviewing the report and the evidence submitted, Mr. Sackett imposed a penaltyof $25.00 on the firm, which, waspaid and converted into the funds ofthe Bourbon County Red Cross Chapter. The finm denied any intentionof violating the food administrationregulations, stating that the allegedunderweight was a result of oversightor shrinkage in material.&CO.OUTFITTERS... -&and JerseyyADMINISTRATOR APPOINTED.In the County Court, Judge-Geo.Batterton appointed Mr. George K.Jones, of near Paris, as administrator of the estate of Mr. Wm. Mason,who died recently near Paris. Mr.Jones accepted the trust and qualified by furnishing' bond in the sumof ? 5,0 00, with Mr. Henry Ingels assurety. G. K. Pepper, Jas. Ingels andJas. Elliott were appointed appraisers.i"l-TFRIDEY, NOVEMBER 8, 1918.fOft THE 8EST(y NOTHING ELSETHANKSGIVING TURKEYSVVe are now receiving turkeysfor the Thanksgiving market,and hope to be able to continueuntil November 16th.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(nor5-4t)- - - 1m. jer hi fDR. REED'S SHOES.T)r Reed's Cushion Sole Shoes areco comfortable that men get up inhe night to put them on.fi ) MITCHELL & BLAXEMORE.(b"' -IBs Ha paRED CROSS MULE." The exchequer of the local Chapterf the Red Cross was enriched Monday by a contribution of $65. Mr.Frank Current donated a jmule colt,which was disposed of at public saleMonday on the public square. Thepurchaser was Mr. "Wfa. H. Whaley,of near Paris.. wa Pa sIIIS WILL PROBATED.IfcThe last will and testament ofxfrc A. P Allis, a former resident otSs who died in Richmond some)-! aso.Was yiuuaicu ". ."v- ..w..I rmiTitv Court,After pnaking atew small bequests, her property,hoth real and personal, was bequeathed to her brother Mr. Houston Ballard, of Nicholasville.. JEl T SGOOD SORGHUM.Pure country sorghum thatUnd Only $1.50 per gallon.S?i C. P. COOK &?oodCO.. is Pais"HERE THEY ARE: ALL READY!TARPAULINS. STOVES.RANGES. PIPE.We will save you money on tarpaulins, cook stoves and ranges, stovenine and elbows.(It) FARMERS' SUPPLY CO.. mOU'D BETTER WATCH OUT!"Mayor E. B. January has requestedthat all citizens who know pi men orwomen who have refused to worksend their names to Mrs. HarrietMinaker, Visiting Nurse for theBourbon County Health, and WelfareLeague, so that when appeals comein for charity during the winter the"slackers" may be refused. This isample warning to the "I-dont-have-to-work"class!FOIERORJYGEjnEAL TOASSIST IN CrTY SUITMr. M. M. Logan, of Frankfort,former -Attorney-General of Kentucky, has been employed by Consulting Engineer W. H. Weiss to assist City Attorney Denis Dundon inprosecuting the suit of the city ofParis against the Paris Gas & Electric Co. ,,Mr Weiss employed Mr. Logan onhis own initiative and at his personalexpense. The former Attorney General's entry in the legal forces will(make an interesting addition.SERV-US SYUUPS.A carload of Serv-Us Syrups, thekind that everybody wants, has arrived and is being distributed to retail grocers.There is more sweetening properties in one gallon of this Syrup thanm two gallons of ordinary CornSyrup, and the flavor is delightful.Call on your grocer for it.THE POWER GROCERY CO., .(8-lt) Wholesale Distributors.GET THE GOODS. gAVEE IgF-EERENCE AT MRS. MS CASHAND CARRY STORE.I buy for cash, and get the lowestcash prices and best cash discounts,and in selling strictly for cash I canafford to sell goods lower than tnegrocer who does a loose Credit business, and runs an expensive delivery.Country people who drive up tomy store and get the goods save thedifference and do not help pay baadebts, and expensive city delivery.I pay the highest market price forbutter and eggs.Look for the "red front store.MRS. ELLIS' CASH AND CARRYGROCERY,Opposite Court House, Paris, Ky.(It)GAS HEATERS CONNECTED UPPREE OP CHARGE.Xow is the time to have that "NewProcess" Gas Stove put up. Colddays are near aft hand. We conneqtthem up for you free of charge. f Savea plumbing bill.(8-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.151 m ?THE MEANEST THIEF.Paris leads in almost everythingthese days, and now comes to thefront with perhaps the meanest sneakthief in the State. Several nightsago this excrescence on the face ofnature, while the proprietors- andclerks were busy, entered the restaurant of Harris & Dale, on Mainstreet, -and made away, bodily, with-the big glass receptacle which naabeen placed there for the contributions to the Soldiers Tobacco Fund.The jar contained about $8.50 inPennies, dimes and nickels, donatedhy patriotic citizens of Paris. RayHarris says he would feel a little bitbetter 'disposed toward the unknownthief if the jar would be returned.This is about the meanest piece ofPetty- thievery1 that 1ms come to lightin Paris for many years. "Stealingcoppers from a dead pian's eyes"used to be tke exDreeeion of the utterlimit of meanheig, but tfels case, topew;ISOCIAL AND PERSONAL.ComiMsa and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mrs Strother Paynter has returned from a visit to friends 'andrelatives in Mt. Sterling-Mrs. Garrett Jefferson is entertaining as guests her sister, Mrs.Morgan Blake, of Memphis, TennMaster Commissioner Oscar TxWii uius returned fromanex'in i-cuuea Dusmess trip toTexas.pointsMisses Elizabeth and RosaToohey have as gifests at their homenear this city Miss Agnes Sullivan" -cil'USWU.Mr. Frank Bedford son of Mm la- ap?oulte(1 to confer with E. FMaria Bedford, of Paris' serious?; r3 ta refai;d to rePairs and exm o ,.. i ' ,.": lb seriously uenses caused hv Mr sio' i.ill at his home on the Thns tt ni,rJr., farpi, near Paris.Mr. Charlton Clay and MissCarolyn Roseberry, of Paris, attendedthe funeral and burial of Mr. LewisR. Hampton, in Winchester, Tuesday.Mr. and Mrs. George C. Thompson Sr. and Mr. W. H. McMillan leftWednesday for St. Petersburg, Florida, where they will spend the winter.Mr. and Mrs. John Kiser had asguests this week Mr. and Mrs. HomerKiser and daughter, Miss HelenKiser, and son, H. G. Kiser, of Corbin. Mrs. Clifton Foxworthy and sonhave returned tD their home in Miami, Florida, after a month's visit toner sister, Mrs. Chas. P. Cook,Cypress street.on1 Mr. Wm. Lail left yesterday fora visit to Mr. and Mrs. Fithian Hall,near Blanchester, Ohio. Mr. Lail isconvalescing from a recent attack ofthe influenza.Rev. Ernest Mangum, of Union,Ky., formerly pastdr of the SpearsMill Baptist church, in this county,was a recent guest of friends in thiscity and county.Mr. J. Quincy Ward, of Frankfort, Executive Agent of the StateGame and Fish Commission, was aguest of relatives and friends inParis, Wednesday.Mrs. W. C. Potts and daughter,Miss Carolyn Potts, of Muskeegon,Wisconsin, are guests of the former'sparents, Mr. and Mrs. George Duvall, on Lilleston avenue.Dr. and Mrs. J. C. Comer andlittle son, Crayton Comer, of Paris,are all ill of influenza at the home ofMrs. Comer's parents, Mr. and Mrs.Nat Collier, Sr., near Millersburg.Capt. C. F. Koerner, of NewportNews, Va., is the guest of his wife,who is at the home of her mother,Mrs. Nathan Bayless, in this city.Capt. Koerner was former Fire Chiefof the Canal Zone in Panama beforebeing transferred to active service inthe army at Newport News.Hon. and Mrs. James CampbellCantrill entertained a party offriends informally at a dining at thePhoenix Hotel, in Lexington. Amongtaining as guest her sister, Mrs.Craig, of Paris. Otherspresent wereJudge and Mrs. Henry D. Clayton, ofAlabama, Mr. and Mrs. ChurchillBlackburn and Mrs. Jefferson D.Grover, of Georgetown.K fi 1DO YOU WANT THE NEWS?Uncle Sam has asked THE NEWSto discontinue sending the paper tosubscribers after the time paid forhas expired. Many have neglectedto renew their subscriptions or topay up the arrears, and we shall becompelled to discontinue sendingTHE NEWS, in order to comply withthe request of the United States WarIndustries Board. Do not blame usif you fail to get the hopie paper, butsend us a check or a money order Torthe subscription price $2.00" peryear, or $1.00 for six months. Wehave absolutely no choice in the matter, but simply have to obey the Government order!Id 1JURORS NOT TO REPORT.On account of the influenza ban,which remains in force, the petitand grand jurors who have been summoned for the November term ofBourbon Circuit Court, will not be required-toreport. This does not me&nthat there will be no session of thecourt Judge Stout will be hereMonday, the day scheduled for theopening of court, to hear and passupon equity cases and appearances,but there will be no jury cases.This information was given outfrom the Sheriff's office yesterday for"the guidance of jurors, who are requested to note the above and act accordingly.fe& )a feHEN'S SUITS AND OVERCOATS.Many new patterns and dependahle all-wool cloth $25 to $70.(8-2) MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE.PAY YOUR WATER RENTWater rents are due and payable at office. Call at once.(tf) PARIS WATER CO.. fm E3 153UNITED WAR WORKERS' MASSMEETING TO-NIGHT.At a jmeeting of the Executive Committee of the United War Workers'Campaign held at the Y. M. C. A.,last night arrangements were madeto hold a mass-meeting at the( courthouse to-night (Friday) at' 7:30o'clock, in the interest of the campaign. Special permission for holding the meeting was secured fromthe State Board of Health, and approved by the local Board, in view ofthe importance of the campaign.Everybody invited to attend.fSS fHB. !9iHow much money has your countywasted trying to educate men tobuild and maintain roads?Students of Chineseshistory .oUim"that ''the'.swbrd wag in tse in their.THE BOURBONHSCAL CpTJB? PROCCEDINGSThe November term of the Bourbon. Fiscal Court met in the CountyCourt ropm yesterday morning, buthad very little business to transactJudge Batterton presided, with the"roiiowin Justices present: FretwellThomason, Burris, Stephenson, Wiggins, Shropshire and Turner.The report of the County Road Engineer for the month of October wasread and filed. A large number ofclaims aginst the county were allowed and ordered paid. County Treasurer S. E. Bedford was authorized toborrow the sum of $5,000 for theuse of the Turnpike Fund and to execute his note for same, payable Jan., ibiy, and bearing 6 interestfrom date until paid. A committeeappointedpense iusea oy Mr. Simms' trimirdestroying and damaging bridges.The sum of $5.00 per month was ordered paid to John S. Talbott for thesupport of Lee Strawther.The Court then adjourned to meetagain on December 5. J. Ia 13 153 MDOWN GpES THE HIGH COST OPLIVING.Margolen's big specials of freshhome-killed meats for Friday andSaturday:Per. lb.Lard, 5 and 10 lb buckets 27cCountry Bacon 35cPork Chops 35oPork Roast '. 35cRound Steak 35cLoin Steak . , 35cSpring Lamb, hind quarteis 35cSpring Lamb, fore quarters 30cPure Pork Sausage 35cSmoked Hams, 10 to 12 lbs 35cSliced Ham 40cBreakfast Bacon 45cHog Jowls for Greens 25cm 3 JsaFOURTH LIBERT tf LOANPayments on the Fourth Liberty Loan Bonds are now due.Please call and settle promptly.PEOPLE DEPOSIT BANK &TRUST CO. (tf)"p ia isaTHE TURKEY MARKETAccording to local dealers, there isa shortage of turkeys in sojme localities, but other districts make ud forI this shortage and there is an averagecrop. The price will be good, as everything else is high. ,The killing season will commenceearly this time on account ' of theheavy war movements and the congestion among the transportationcompanies. The United States FoodAdministration has issued an orderthat dealers should not buy any turkeys for the Thanksgiving market after Novejmber 16. The best priceswill be governed by the local demand.Turkey hens must weigh eight poundsand up; gobblers, twelve pounds.Early shipments will go overseas.Those selling early will greatly aidthe dealers to get out shipments ontime.WALNUTS WANTED.We will take all the black walnuts(hulled) we can get, delivered here,at 75 cents per bushel. Bring themin and get the cash.MARGOLEN'S .SANITARY .MEATMARKET. t8-tf)1 fe 5iALL FOR THE LADIESrLadies' Washable Kid Gloves inall the new shades. Niagara MaidSilk Hose, the finest and best ladies'hose made.(8-2) MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE.Rl T9 BBRED CROSS HAS CALL POR SURGICAL J)ESSINGS.The Red Cross Surgical DressingClass has received y an order forspecial surgical dressings, to be filled at once. The Red Cross SewingRooms in the court house will beopen to-day (Friday) and every daynext week for that purpose. Themembers of the class are anxious toget volunteer workers to assist themin getting the order through. Thoswho are well and have.no sicknessin their families are asked to cometo the Red Cross Sewing Rooms' andgive their much-needed help.For SalePure bred Buff Orpington pulletsand cokerels, also a choice lot ofWhite Leghorn pullets. Must be soldin the next five days.MRS. FRANK P. BEDFORD, "JR.,Paris, Kentucky.Cumberland Telephone 626.NOTICEAny person having any furniturebelonging to the late Mrs. A. P.Allis, please "report same to JamesMcClure, at First National- Bank. '(8-lt)LOSTA package containing s'oxs andstockings has been taken by mistakefrom our store. Please return if; itwas delivered to you lyy mistake orif it was carried out of the store byyou tlirough error. A(It) WILMOTH &j CO.Found.On Main street, an iron crank, belonging to somebody's machine. Address can be ascertained by calling atI THE NEWS office. . , (It)WANTEDmA-No. 1 -Buttermilk "Butterl EerersandvPoultry. - ;, vs . BUSYEE CASH STORE.WW:. -??.&& "-j ... ..Iwxsxtessvsi'h. iThanA THREE-DAYS SALE OFtWomen's SuitsRegular $32.50, $35.00, $37.55 and $39.50 ValuesYourChoiceTODAY AND TOMORROW ONLYFriday and Saturday, Nov. 8 and 9Right at the time when cdld weather is beginningcomes this special offering of suits. Superb models inthe latest and most fashionable styles. All the mostwanted fabrics and colors are here represented. Makeyour selection while you have the chance, as these priceswill make these suits go quickly.HARRY SIMONMAIN STREET, PARIS, KY.! ' ' v - 1 '- ' ' ' '7 IK llllllll vvdffEHEKalF 3Kb' llijlilllli S Ta lillllll . s illlflilll! E5toHuV .jfivtliThisTHE J.4fti.t. A4iWi iv -,'.V , - H1v ,We Sell Dependable AierchandixeAny Other Home, Bit for Cash Only$24.75THE DAYLIGHT STORESays General Pershing, referring toone of the war work organizations :It A SENSE of obligation for the variedand useful service rendered to thearmy in France . , . . prompts me tojoin in the appeal for its further financialsupport. I have opportunity to observeits operations, measure the quality of itspersonnel and mark its beneficial influenceupon our troops, and I wish unreservedlycommend rts work for the army.General PershingUNITED WAR WORK CAMPAIGNxrs). . v sCSSc.wvwf fQft A jQfi., iTO. gpwwwmm KaIoji van $ : c. IkSpace Patriotically Contributed ByT. HINTON COMPANY1-? vLi, .AijN?mx?BI'for !.- IExtraSpecialIXIXIXIXIXIXIXiX'AIX1-it. iIII gI llllllll nR ..' -119 i4fllllllllil fl5 " j''.. In! I II 13 '-I III Q 111 II HI ""111 - E1" .'I III I III x K55 I ti . mt In W '"lllkilll I iW m c" - Hi, -, -x.-'-IXIXIX "IvI xX -IXIXJM rXIXIXIXIXIX -IX1XI- r?-the wall, and then some: " J1 country ,u vv yers urgu.I i. ' . A'ASl . -, 3 ' t.Jrr(8-lt) ...I . - o .. V;-rTf?" . . ."""V --.T?1in1'J!5 'ItIt- r.7r" 'TUB BOUWWN IfBWS, PAlttS,niiMrr, ?KmnoE f, inr i- I I - -" - . " m w" SfT - W- t " " "i V v. - - yl' I!;. And a Thousand FighteiswNC?i "v-trr.. .: -. -- bbi .BBk bb bb .m .Baams em bbi Bsa .r aa -';..- - v -r--' .- v 5aaasfes.- I TJ I ITT f I I IViff I 1 ,. -"?--r ,;Vw-- - B - B Ht M H V . H .-. . ' J ; -,,. 'ilMfciii .m. V J I I I Mill! m ft J .4- . - - r.WA "W .. ... . - . . V . 7 t- ' rf . fv "M- -Kt .ix' 1iKfiase?;"1 : 'mP-B5tAWagg8Key?l?tI-J-, -a. .r-'-"i-XtS-lr vv-- i1 .Wsj .CtafiJ.?-:&t? ,LWhy YouShoxild Give Twice asMuch as You Ever Grave Before!The need is for a sum 70 fc greater than any giftever asked for since the world began. The Government has fixed this sum at $170,500,000.By giving to these seven organizations all at coca,the cost and effort of six additional campaigns itsaved.Unless Americans do give twice as much as everbefore, our soldiers and sailors may not enjoy tfuriof1918 their:3,600 Recreation Bufldingt '1,000 Miles of Movie Film100 Leading Stage Stars2,000 Athletic Directors "2,500 Libraries supplying 5,000,000 books15 Hostess Houses15,000 Big-Brother "secretaries"'Millions of dollars of home comfortsWhen you give double, you make sure that everyfighter has the cheer and comforts of these sevenorganizations every step of the way from home tothe front and back again. You provide him with achurch, a theatre, a cheerful home, a store, a school,-a club and an athletic field and a knowledge thatthe folks back home are with him, heart and soul IYou have loaned your money to Supply theirphysical needs.Now give to maintain the Morale that is winning the war!HERE is a new kind of fighter in this war, He.weatsa uniform but hedoesn't carry a gun. He carries cheer arid comfort and a great big heartNever mind whether his uniform shows the emblem of the Y. M. C. Af orthe Knights of Columbus, the Jewish Welfare Board, or -the! SalvationArmy. He doesn't care and neither does your boy.This new kind of fighter is making a new kindof fight He isfighting against lonesomeness and heart-ache and monotony and.worry. He is fighting for that quality which wins wars morale 1Your boy has it This man is fighting to let him keep itMaybe your boy hasn't had a letter for a long time. Or maybethere was something that worried him in the letter that he got thismorning.Or maybe he has had a disappointment hoped for promotionand didn't get it ! Ormaybe he'd give a million dollars just to seehis folks one minute.It hurts to lock up things like that, deep down inside yourheart It helps to pour them out tAnd that is where this man comes in the Daddy of them all.They know tliat he will understand that he won't laugh or preach.They know that he is there with the right word and the rightpat on the back when it's needed mostYou Daddies of America, you men who want to go and can't.let's keep this Daddy on the job!t'i."V-,?i;V..1'H-"5 . ITlL , . . A'.nva-- - vsc" Jv& -fc aSITED ZMWORK CAMPAIGN ;I ti COMMUNITY 1ERVICB J ; ') ti 1$s $CM- "Ssgc:" lV11 ASSOCIATION I J Xrf f " " , V J .' JtL.-LSBSVBSaS9HKHkSBBSaBHBlBHBSBSSWBBBpBiBSaThisspace contributed to the Winning of the War by Patriotic Citizens of ParisV4lDBY, NOVEMBER 8, 1918THE, BOinStBOK" mews; pakb, xhtzkjky.-UTJMRAISE HOBSES OF SETTERQUALITY.Large numbers of undesirable,mediocre horses are being turned ontothe market at present in all parts ofthe country in order to save feed, according to reports to the United i Cross to October 1. More than 17,-OMAN'S NERVESMADE STRONGBy Lydia E. Pinkham'svorp.taDie vomDouna.. j tion to the extent thar the pricesWinona, Minn." I suffered for mora, paid are unusually low. The departfcn a year from nervousness, and was ment urges farmers to raise horsesi SO bad I COUJd not of bettor hrppdinsr and mialitv. ThftreS?jrt nkt - 'supply of desirable-quality heavyWOUld lie awake and rira.ff-. Iinrses nr aniimnls suitable forBEDcKossAtrnvEiiH nurseSERVICE. -In a report just-issued-the American Iter- Cross War Council statesthat 30,000 have been enrolled by theiepanment or Nursing of the RedDepartment of Agriculture As a consequence the market is glutted withcommonplace animals of this descrip-ih "'-cxLilget so nervous Iwould have to getup and walk aroundand in the morningwould be all tiredout. I read aboutLydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound and thoughtI would try it. Mynervousness sjo o mleft me. I sleeDand feel fine in the mornine and-ye to do my work. I gladly recommend Lydia E. Pinkham's VegetablerU" Mrs. Albert Sultze. 603strong.Mrs. Albert Sultze, 603. X.. J 04 WlWATIO rtfl inTHow often do we hear the expressionamong women, 'Tarn so nervous, I cannot sleep," or "it seems as though Ishould fly-" Such women should profitby Mrs. Sultze's experience and give(gs famous root and herb remedy,Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compoond, a trial.For forty years it has been overcoming such serious conditions as displacements, inflammation, ulceration, irregularities, periodic pains, backache, dizziness, and nervous prostration ofwomen, and is now considered the standard remedy for such ailments.The taxpayers should remembertliey are paying for all mistakes madein "road building in their county.Eemedy see that none but competent jmen have charge of the roadwork. fis iss "PaNo county is too poor to have goodroads.BAD NEHBr. Edwards' Olive Tablets Getat the Cause and Remove Iti? rri ,4.1. t"O Dr. Jiuwaras viive laciecs, uie suosntote for calomel, act gently on tne bowel3and positively do the work.People afflicted with bad breath findquick relief through Dr. EdwardsOlive Tablets. The pleasant, sugarcoated tablets are taken for bad breathby all who know them.Dr. Edwards Olive Tablets act gentlybut firmly on the bowels and liver,stimulating them to natural action,clearing the blood and gently purifyingthe entire system. They do that whichdangerous calomel does without, anyof the bad after effects.'All the benefits of nasty, sickening;griping cathartics are derived from Dr.Edwards' Olive Tablets without griping,pain or any disagreeable effects.Dr. F. M. Edwards discovered theformula after seventeen years of practice among patients afflicted withbowel and liver complaint, with theattendant bad breath.Dr. Edwards Olive Tablets are purelya vegetable compound mixed with olive03; you will know them by their olivecolor. Take one or two every night fori week and note the effect 10c and 25cper box. All druggists.artillery or cavalry purposes is below the demand, while the prices ofsuch animals are correspondinglyhigh. In view of both the domesticand foreign demand during and af:ter the war for quality horses, farmers should begin now to stock uptheir barns with horseflesh of the desirable type. Under existing conditions feeding stuffs for working animals are extremely high in price. Onthis account it is imperative that thefarmer should winter only workstock of the useful, most efficient,and valuable type. One heavy drafthorse will perforpn the work of practically two undersized, inferiorplugs, while such an animal can befed at about the same cost for maintenance as for one of the plugs.When the" farmer desires to sell aheavy horse of quality and breedinghe can always locate a ready market,whereas inferior animals ordinarilycan be disposed of only at a sacrificeff3 15 153 .BREAKS A COLD IN FEW HOURS.TRY IT!Virst Dose of Tape's Cold Compound Relieves All GrippeMisery.TREES!We grow a complete aswrtment of Fruit and ShadeVce, Shrubs. Vines. Roses.Perennials, Evergreens, AsparagusIn fact, "Everything forOrchard, Lawn and Garden." FREE CATALOG.H.F.Hillenmeyer &SonsLexington, Ky.NO AGENTS.Margolen'sSANITAR 1Meat MarketDon't stay stuffed up.Quit blowing and snuffling! A doseof "Pape's Cold Compound" takenevery two hours until three doses aretaken will end grippe misery andbreak up a severe cold either in thehead, chest, body or limbs.It promptly opens clogged-up nostrils or -nose running; relieves sickheadache, dullness, feverishness, sorethroat, sneezing, soreness and stiffness."Pape's Cold Compound" is thequickets, suresj. relief known andcosts only a few cents at drug stores.It acts without assistance tastesnice, and causes no inconvenience.Don't accept a substitute. (adv)WE BUYOLD FALSE TEETHWe pay from $2.00 to $35.00 perset (broken or' not.) "We also payactual value for Diamonds, old Gold,Silver and Bridge-work. Send atonce by parcel post and receive cashby return mail.IKAZER'S TOOTH SPECIALTYDept. X, 2007L So. 5th St.,Philadelphia, Pa.(till29novF)000 of these are serving soldiers andsailors, half of this number alreadybeing on duty overseas. About 16,-000 of those in service with our forces here and abroad are with thearmy. Seven hundred nurses, women,have been assigned to the FederalPublic Health 3ufeau or to the RedCross service in the United States andthe rqmaining 12,000 include thosenot available or eligible for activeservice, but who may be utilized forhome defense work.About 9,000 additional nurses willbe needed by. the army alone beforethe first of the year, according to thereport. Should the war continue onits present scale, it is estimated thatthe total number of nurses requiredin the military hospitals here andabroad by next July willbe 50,000.These estimates, the report states, arebased on an army of 3,000,000 and anavyf 350,000, or approximatelyone nurse to each 74 of the militaryand naval population.To (meet the nursing requirementsof the coming year a campaign willsoon be inaugurated inwhich eachState will receive an allotment, a duplication of the plan by which thousands of nurses were enrolled duringthe past summer. The department ofnursing of the Red Cross is the reserve for the Army and Navy. NurseCorps.The Red Cross has spent about$850,000 in equipping nurses assigned to duty abroad. Approximately $1,500,000 of an appropriation of $1,719,357 has been expended in equipping base hospital units. The organization has equipped 50 of theseunits and assisted the Army NurseCorps in organizing two others for-the army since our entrance into thewar.For the navy it has organized oris completing the organization ofeight base hospital and seventeen naval station hospital units. Each basehospital unit has 500 beds and 60nurses. Originally planned to costabout $35,000 they now cost about$50,000. In addition to its war service the Red Cross department ofnursing is continuing its regularhealth work in this country. It issupplying nurses at points where contagious diseases appear to be makingheadway, its most recent activityalong this line being its effort tocombat the spread of Spanish influenza. M MPARIS EVIDENCEEOR PARIS PE0PIEThe Statements of Paris ResidentsAre Surely More Reliable ThanThose of Utter Strangers3iV,ti -EfficientW,Specials for Fridayand Saturday$ 10, 15 and 20-pound bucketspure home-rtndertdLARD27c per poundLEAN COUNTRYBACON35c per poundJIRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketTrainingIs what you get if you take the Fugazzi Way. The demand for ourgraduates is much greater than wecan supply. We court a thorough investigation-Sendfor Booklet "The FugazzaWay Leads to the Highest Positionsand you'll be convinced that this isthe best school for you to attend.Miss Fugazzi is in her office each dayfrom 9 to 12 and 1 to 5 p. m. tomeet prospective students. Enrollnow and be ready to start when the"flu" ban is raised.Fugazzi School ofBusinessEfficiency is Our WatchwordMiss Irene Fuzazzi, Principal.Mrs. L. V. Jones, Asst. Principal.118 N. Tinner St.. Second Hoor.Lexington. Kv.DoYou NeedGlasses?Let us make a thorough, scientificexamination of your eyes, based onethical grounds, not to rerommendglasses unless you need them. Askyourself these questions: "Do I haveheadaches, nervous spells, drawn,tired eyes? Does type sometimesbltfr? Do I see spots before my eyes?"Answer fairly and squarely, for yourown good, for over-strain repeatedlyday by day "will break down the delicate nerves and muscles of the eyesand irreparable injury may result.Our years of experience insures accurate results.Dr. Wm. Riley FranklinSuite 2 05-6. First National Bank,Both Phones,, Paris, Ky.Home testimony is real proof.Public statements of Paris peoplecarry real weight.What a friend or neighbor sayscompels respect.The word of one whose home isfar away invites your doubts.Here's a Paris statement.And it's for Paris peoples' benefit.Such evidence is convincing.That's the kind of proof that backsDoan's Kidney Pills.J. W. Larkin, farmer, 431 Highstreet, says: "I am only too glad torecommend Doan's Kidney Pills, because I have at tijmes had quite a bitof trouble with my back. Often Ihad a dreadful ache across my kidneys and the kidney secretions weretoo frequent in passage. A box or soof Doan's Kidney Pills at these timeshas never failed to cure me of an attack." Mr. Larkin is-only one of manyParis people who have gratefully endorsed Doan's Kidney Pills. If yourback aches, if your kidneys botheryou, don't simply ask' for a kidneyremedy ask distinctly for Doan'sKidney Pills, the same that Mr. Larkin had the remedy backed by hometestipnony. 60 cents at all drugstores. Foster-Milburn Co., Props.,Buffalo, N. Y. "When your back islame, remember the name." (adv)1H ? BKENTUCKY REPRESENTED ATFARMERS' NATIONALCONGRESS.Kentucky will be well reperesentedat the Farmers National Congress,which meets in Jacksonville, Fla.,December 3-6 inclusive, according toassurances received by Director of.Sessions B. K. Hanafourde.The gathering' is of grave importance to the agricultural interestsof the nation. Sopne of the most distinguished men in the Union will bepresent to actively participate in thedeliberations. Jacksonville is arranging for a great crowd and specialrates are offered on railroads. TheCongress meets at the same time theFlorida State Fair is in "full blast,"and a marvelous, exhibition is assured.Presidents Wilson will urge foreign nations to send delegates to theCongress, and problems of great importance will be discussed. Governors of several. States have alreadyaccepted invitations to be present.Vice-President Sandler, of Ohio, hasarranged for a special train of delegates from that State.5 IS 1&&There is more Catarrh in this section of the country than all otherdiseases put together, and for yearsit was supposed to be incurable.Doctors prescribed local remedies,and by constantly failing to cure withlocal treatment, pronounced it incurable. Catarrh is a local disease.greatly influenced by constitutionalconditions and therefore requiresconstitutional treatment. Hall's Catarrh Medicine, maunfactured by F.J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio, is aconstitutional remedy, is taken internally and acts through the blood onthe jmucous surfaces of the system.One hundred dollars rewardis offeredfor any case that Hall's Catarrh Medicine fails to cure. Send for circularsand testimonials.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Props.,-Toledo, Ohio. -Hall's Family Pills for constipation.All Druggists, 7 5c. v fS" v I "1.1 - ' v. ' b, ' 5 - -- fT. x lEk I 'II' ' K -"I & the Jl o MSSSr T 1 ififfTMi'iMi ' i'HhiHis Mother Needed Moneys; and She Got It!AN American soldier hurries along the street of a shell-tornvillage, keeping close to the shelter of the crumbling walls,and runs up the steps of a battered chateaixlHe climbs to a room where- sandbags are pilSd high to theceiling. Behind a rough counter stands a man of middle age aman with an emblem on his arm and a smile on his face.In a hurry this morning, buddie?" he asks.'You bet I am," pants the soldier. "We're going into, thetrenches at noon." - U"Can I help you?"The boy thrusts one hand into his pocket arid witfi the otherpoints to a sign on the wall. It reads: "Send Your Money, HomeAsk the Secretary How." .- - -"Can I send this to my mother?" he asks, and draws out a rollof French bills. "She needs it.""Of course you pan," says the secretary. He counts the moneycarefully -twice -and then does a little figuring.'That makes $84.60 in American money."'And will you see that my mother gets it?"'We will," is the answer. "Til give you this receipt and Tilsend your money to the nearest headquarters. They will forwardit to Paris, and Paris will tell New York to mail your mother acheck for your $84.60.""How much will it cost me to have you do that?"The answer is it won't cost him" one cent His mother wtfllget the whole $84.60. Every week the War Work organizationsare transmitting more than half a million dollars from the. boysover there to the home folks over here.ttt(1i&Why you should give twice as much as youever gave before!' The need is f of a sum 70 greater than any gift ever asked for since the worldbegan. The Government has fixed this sum at $170,500,000. "ABy giving to these seven organizations all at once, the cost and effort of six additional campaigns is saved.Unless Americans do give twice as much as ever before, our soldiers and' sailors may not enjoy during 1919 their:3,600 Recreation Buildings 2,500 Libraries supplying 5,000,000 books1,000 Miles of Movie Film 85 Hostess Houses100 Leading Stage Stars 15,000 Big-brother "secretaries"2,000 Athletic Directors Millions of dollars of home comfortsWhen you give double, you make sure that every fighter has the cheer and comforts of theseeven organizations, every step of the way from home to the front and back again. You provide himwith a church, a theatre, a cheerful home, a store, a school, a club, and an athletic field and aknowledge that the folks back home are with him, heart and soul IYou have loaned your money to supply their physical needs.Now give to' maintain the Morale that i3 winning the war IFrom the time your fighter starts for a cantonment untilhe reaches a front-line dug-out the seven organizations areministering to him in big ways and little ways, to take the worriesoff his shoulders and to carry cheer and comfort to him. One aimone need-now, altogether!UNITED WAR WORK CAMPAIGNVxV ?V yJy asBss5 I If. M. C A V VT C JL ( ,S. .J"-. ,i,saw .sMsfewScvYlSRrX VlhYSv&it'xtV- " Natx CATHOLIC WAS I JBvV-.rVWrTvV jBBBs. -nSBBHM.Xi 5r Mffiffi " JEW18H WELFARE Jr73ir 5535iBl3K4 PV V -1" mf "Y COMMUNITY SKRVJCS Y Nr - . " l . w vv' ---.y,3V ' V- - - m-r . . . "jjThij Space Contributed by Patriotic RarU Citizens to Help Wfc Wax. : vr SM . v yVyFtA(.!1?rr;r1 -it..1r-tX. n ...- - V -t.1, 4r?s t?H i , i nv - 'V-C ,f-V&'f t Y4iVv--"v '?AU EIGHT.THE BOUltBpN NEWS, PARIS, KY.FRIDEY, NOTOICBMt I, 118.---: &$),t -c,IT3'v i5n.toiuliIi1i rfi'"iIthtlrfti'n,Wits. MILLERSBURG.Mr. and 'Airs. J. O. Ralls, Mr. M.C. Crimes and family, Mr. G. W.Brawnblette and family and Mr. andMrs. J. D. Booth attended the funeralof Mrs. Samunel Booth at Sharpsburg, Wednesday. '-Among the new cases of influenza, since "bur last report are the : interment.following: Mr, M. B. Pruitt, Mrs.David Cassidy, Messrs. Arthur andJames Craycraft, several members ofthe Tumey family and Mr. EarlT . '," ,l !DEATHS.i -.'LEWIS..Edna May Lewithree-months-plddaughter of Mr. and. Mrs. Chas.t. Lewis, died Tuesday at the homeof its parents, on North Main street,of tubercular complications. Thebody was taken to Crab Orchard forJAMES.Harry A James, aged forty, diedat the Greendale Hospital, near Cin-Plummer. All are said to be In a cinnati, Monday night, after a shortlight form and doing nicely. illness of influenza. Mr. James isThe six young men who weretried before Judge Stewart, Wednesday at 10:00 a. m., for creating a disturbance on the grounds of M. M. I.Hallowe'en evening, were acquittedon account of insufficient testimony.They were tried by a jury. AttorneyClino represented Col. C. M. Best,while Judge Dundon represented theyouiLg (men.The overseas boxes have arrivedand will be given out at the ingelsdry goods store by Miss Alice Ingels,to all persons who have received theirlabels. All boxes must be called foron or before November 15, as thelocal Red Cross Chapter will sendth'qai to their destination accordingto instructions. They must be sentearly enough so that they will reachtheir destination before" Christmas.Mr. Frank Fussnecker, who isemployed is the meat market of Mrs.R. D. Rigdon received a telegram.Tuesday that his son. Mr. Earl Fussjnecker, had been killed in battle inFrance "on August 20. Mr. Fuss-rnecfcer-was a member of Co. C, aCincinnati regiment, where he resided at the time he enlisted. Itssai&iie was operating one of the largeguryj when, wounded, and lived but ashort time after.A' letter lias been received recently from Mr. J. W. Miller by hismotlier. Mr. Miller is now in Paris,'on a rest furlough for thirty days.He writes to the effect that he wasin the .battle front, stationed in thetrenches with water in them fortwenty-eight days. They were filthyto the extreme. Large numbers ofGerman prisoners were captured-while they were on the front, whoare now being used in the railroadyards to switch cars instead of engines. Lieut. Miller is in an oldchateau, which is a handsome placeand was owned by an old Frenchiieral of the war of 1870 againstGermany and is now rented to the U.S. Government for $1 a year. Thecarpets on the floors are three inchesin thickness, and he sleeps in a handsome, old bedstead with large mahogany' posts, curtained in from allsurvived by his wife, who was formerly Miss Mabel Snapp, of Paris.Mr. and Mrs. James had been marriedbut a few (months.KING.The body of James EdwardKing, the seven-year-old son of Mr.and Mrs. Frank W. King, residing onParrish avenue, was sent to Bonds,Ky., Wednesday, for interme-nt. Theboy died at the home of his parentsTuesday morning of paralysis, superinduced by diphtheria.w,atchinakersri in jthe south. - Attheage of 19 years he left'tliiscduntryand lived two years' in Lucerne,Switzerland, hnishing his trainingunder an expert horologist in thatcountry."He was 'highly respectecUand waswell known in that section, TiaYing ahosK of friends in the jewelry tradeandtin other circles,' as well as beingone 'of Huntsville's most popular undprominent young business men. Hewas 42 years of age and had Clevermarried. With his two brothers hehad built up one of -the most successful and largest- jewelry businesses in northern Alabama.- He wasa prominent (member of the Elks'Lodge, No. 68, of HUntsville. ."The business of E. Karthaus' Sonswill be continued as heretofore under the same name by Frank-It. Karthaus and Frederick W. Karthaus,brothers of the deceased."BARNETT.Mabel Barnett, aged elevenyears, died at the home of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Walter Barnett,near Elizabeth, this county, Mondaynight, of influenza, after an illness ofonly five days. Besides her parents,she is survived by one little sister.The funeral and burial took place inthe Barnett graveyard, in Scottcounty.sidei. He is one of the few Lieuten- church.BROWNING.The funeral of Mr. WalterBrowning, aged twenty-three, whodied in Lexington, after a short ill-jness, was held, m the Pans cemetery, with services conducted at thegrave by Rev. Geo. R. Combs, pastorof the Paris Methodist church. Thepall-bearers were C. C. Collins, Wm.Franklin, Henry Grosche, MitchellJackson, Harry Kendall and Rev.Julian McClintock.Mr.' Browning was a son of Mrs.Emma Browning, of Paris. Previousto his illness he was ejmployed onthe Louisville & Nashville. He wasan industrious young man, well-likedby all who knew him.BROWNING.The funeral of Julian A. Browning, aged eighteen, who died of typhoid-tuberculosisat the home of hisparents, Mr. and Mrs. Charles O.Browning, on Twentieth street, washeld Tuesday morning, with services conducted at the grave in theI Paris Cemetery by Rev. R. C. Goldsmith, pastor of the Paris Baptistants,stationed there, most of the others ,are uenerais, uoioneis, uaptainsan4 Other officers of high rank. Theyare getting the best of everything.He says France is full of grapes andthey send them to piarket every dayin dump carts drawn by ntules. It isa. nice place to be, and were it in theUnited States he could enjoy it. Heis anxious to return to the trenches,jand saysif it is possible he hopes tohe on- the firing line again before theexpiration of his thirty days. He ismwte of the right kind of stuff, andsuch letters make us (more loyal andfeel.' more keenly and happily the responsibility which is ours.I ."CUT ELOWERS.Choice cut flowers in bunches ordesigns for funrelas. weddings, so- ,Mr,Besides his parents, Mr. and Mrs.Chas. C. Browning, he is survived bythree brothers, Chas. Browning,Chester Browning and Floyd Browning. The pall-bearers were HomerMarshall, Jesse Turner, RobertBramble, Chas. Faulkner, RaymondParker and Frank Davis.cii events, tne sick or any purposewhere flowers may be used. Promptattention given all orders whetherJarge or smalL1-'1 JO. VARDEN,Xtf) Florist Agent. -x- ,. MD-CEOSS 3IEWS GEENABES.KARTHAUS.Mr. Ernest G. Karthaus, agedforty-two, formerly of Paris, died inHuntsville, Ala., recently, after ashort illness of influenza. Mr. Karthaus was a native of Paris, where hewas born in 1876, and was a cousinof Mr. Robert L. Frank and Mr.Julian Frank, of Paris, his motherand Mrs. L. Frank being sisters. Mr.Karthaus learned the trade of watchmaker and jeweler with his father.who was for many years employed byA Shire, in Paris. After theJ. ".JriieJRed Cross has brought theonly joy and happiness in the lives ofthe' prisoners," writes a New Havensoldier now at Camp Limburg, Germany, to his mother. He receives foodxajL smokes regularly from the RedCross,family moved to Huntsville, Alabama,young Karthaus was indentifled withhis brothers in the jewelry business.The National Jeweler, a tradepublication in New York, devoted tothe interest of the jewelers, sayB:"Pneumonia following an attackof influenza, resulted in the death ofErnest G. Karthaus, senior member ofthe firm of E. Karthaus' Sons, inI Huntsville, Ga., who died last Saturday after an illness of only a fewdays."Mr, Karthaus was born Feb. 15,1876, in Paris, Ky., and engaged inthe jewelry business with his fatherat the age of 15 years. He was anexpert engraver and one of the bestTHERED CROSS AND THE DISABLED SOLDIER ANDSAILOR.IMMHIHIIIIIMMMIIIIllHllllllltllllllllllMlltfcvMygMMMHHWhat is the Red Cross part in thebig national programfor the reconstruction of disabled soldiers andsailors? With large casualty listsreported daily and many disabledmen now returning from the European fronts, the question is beingasked on all sides by interestedAmericans.A new Red Cross circular of instruction, entitled "Home Serviceand the Disabled Soldier and Sailor,"summarizes the Red Cross relationship to the rehabilitation program asfollows:1 To bring solidly behind thedisabled man, at all stages of the reconstruction process, the moral support of his family.2 To assist the men, through thecompetent legal advice at the command of chapter Home Service Sections, to secure the benefits- of theWar Risk Insurance Law and especially the provisions for compensationand insurance. 3 -3 To urge upon disabled men thewisdom and necessity of taking fulladvantage of the government's-plansfor their care and training.4 To encourage them in the earlyand critical stages of their vocationaltraining and of their return to employment, when the struggle to overcome the (mental and physical handicap is most acute.5 To bring about a reasonable andsympathetic attitude on the part ofemployers, "which shall give everyhandicapped man a real chance, whileavoiding the danger of tempting himto forego the necessary training forthe attention of an immediate, temporary or perhaps unsuitable jo"b.6 To (mold public opinion so thatit will frown upon trivial and demoralizing entertainment and heroworship, and maintain a constructiveatttitude, while maintaining asquare deal for the returned Tsoldiershall expect from him every reasonable effort to insure his self-support.7 To supply information, encouragement, legal, medical and businessadvice, when accpe table and neces-jsary, jus't as is being done for- thefamilies of men at the front.A pretentious program, it is true,especially when it is taken into consideration that, on the basis of Canada's experience, 100,000 of each 1,000,000 men will come back eachyear permanently incapacitated formilitary duty.But the American Red Cross, withits great financial resources, its 22,000,000 members, its 3,900 chaptersand their 15,000 branches, is betterequipped than any other private organization to give aid and comfort toour soldiers and sailors and to assisttheir families at home. It approachesthe position of a "committee of thewhole of the American people."And it will be noted from the abovethat the Red Cross is purely an auxiliary factor, recognizing that themedical departments of the Army andNavy are wholly responsible for thephysical and mental x reconstructionand that the total responsibility, byact of Congress, for the civil re-establishmentrests entirely upon the Federal Board for Vocational Education.If the Home Service work now being done by chapters for the relativesof fighting men may be accepted as acriterion of what may be expectedfrom the Red Cross in the reconstruction work, then the disabled manwill again find in that institution atrusted, valuable helpmate.BIRTHS.In this city, Wednesday morning, to the wife' of Mr. Elmer McCord, a son; weight eight pounds,christened Elmer MeCnrd .TrIn Chicago to, the wife of Mr..t-aui maKie. rormerlv Miss TCtTiAiFreeman, of Paris, a son,, weightseven pounds; christened Kyle Her-iman Makle. During his residence inParis Mr. Makle was an expert work- ;man employed- with the Murray &Thomas Granito Works. Mrs. Makleis a niece of Mrs. Rebecca Riidisill, ofHigh street.In Louisville, to the wife of Mr.Edward Fithian, formerly of Paris, a ;son. Tne mother was formerly MissMargaret Bailey, of Louisville, an attractive girl who was ta frequent .visitor in Paris.- Grandfather Charles N.Fithian wore a pleased and proud airwhen he announced the new-comerWednesday ttf THE NEWS.TO THEFARMERSof Bourbon Countyfei aMATRIMONIAL.ESTES REDMON.Sergt. John T. Redmon, son ofMr. and Mrs. King Redmon, of thiscity, and Miss Lucy Scott Estes,daughter of (Mr. and Mrs. John M.Estes, of Lexington, were marriedTuesday morning at Tnompson, Georgia. The groom is in the service, being stationed at Camp Hancock, nearAtlanta, Georgia.Sergt. Redmon volunteered in theservice several months ago, and accompanied one of the Bourbon countycontingents to Camp Zachary Taylor, from where he was transferredto Camp Hancock for intensive training. He has risen from the ranks tothe position of Sergeant. His brideis .a graduate of the Lexington HighSchool, and was quite popular in theyounger social circles of Lexington.Since the beginning of the war shehas been taking an active part in theRed Cross work and war workers'activities.STOVES, STOVES.You had better have your stovesready for these cold spells that areliable to turn up any morning. Wehave them.(8-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.Gt the Genuineand AvoiWaste59Y2ilW iMM 2MizA. nnBH-m b vw mmmljjSgyEHrt Evary Cafcaj(nov8-4t-F)We Invite All Farmers ofBourbon County to Seethe Wonderful5-CLEVELANDTRACTORIf you. are interested in better andmore economical farming, come inand. see srnat tlnis little wonderi& doing for ottters.We Can Demonstrateit to You Any DayC. S. BALL GARAGECor- Fourth and Pleasant St&. 'I The J. L Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMMRSParis Ky.MainandSlKthStreetsDay phone 36Nisht s . . 56or Home 286Motor equipment.'ifcAmbulance calls promptly attended to withLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.our.Hbt".tMinniMimniHiSATUBJAY LAST BAY TOCHANGE BONDS.EX-Owners of first Liberty Bonds converted, and second Liberty Bonds,bearing four per cent, who wisli toexcha-nge them for bonds bearing 44per cent. must do so before next Saturday, Novembqr 9, "when the conversion privilege by the law expires.This can be done without cost at anybank and the only effect is to givethe bond holder an extra quarter o'fa per cent- interest which amountsto 25 cents a year on each $100 bond.Third loan bonds are not to be converted because they already bear 44per cent.In calling attention to the factthat only a week remains in the conversion, period, a statejment authorized by Secretary McAdoo said:"It is safe to assume that upon theexpiration of the conversion privilege that fact wiU reflect . itself unfavorably in the market price of unconverted four per cent bonds whichhave heretofore been maintained substantially on a parity with the converted four and a quarter per centbonds by the existence of the privilege of conversion." -vllllllnlnitl,;The "trouble" department, as theHome Service Bureau of theAmeri-can Hed Cross in Italy is called, is-Jreceiving allotment checks at the rateof 22,000 a- month; p i-3 $rQuick Action DemandedBUY YOUR SHOES NOW!We cannot too strongly urge you to buy your needsnow. Prices greatly advanced in all lines of shoes.Our enormous stocks in our retail stores and mammoth warehouses only enables us to still give youthese incomparable values.The most beautifulfful and highest qualityLadies' Dark Grey andMahogany Tan Boots Enall' sizes and widths atBARGAIN. PRICESMEN'S TANHIGH CUTS$5.00 Values atVIit 7U IIii Vn 1I 1 FI I !I 1 f1 I tI. Ij Im I r1?If-I- P7S349SpecialWhileLastTheyDon't Put it Off ; Buy Your Shoe Needs Now?Ladies' Dark Grey Boots, Turns, dje qcJcustom made, at...'. tpa.JFULadies' Mahogany Tan 'English de flABoots, calf tops, at tJ.UULadies' , -Mahogany Tan English tfjo QCBoots, cloth tops to match, at PO.SJULadies' Gun Metal English Boots djo qwing tip,,lowLheel, at ,...ipOt5FLadies' Gun Metal, button, dwj A(low heel, at ' y&.tVMen's Dark Tan English bench dC flmade, at yUovMen's Tan English, Best Makes, eJA CQMen's Gun Metal Walk-Over, Q ACkEnglish yd.?Men's and Boys! E; J. Best Wear- A (Cing Shoes, heavy flexible soles s4vvBoys' Tan Home Guard Shoes djo AQDAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy Reij4.5feii' n f 'IX- . -V. ?V i.