-v..rv" ' FtvPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN . THE YEAR.VOLUMEXXXVUPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1918. s ,NEWSTHEBOURBON..'3 i " Ca12TEW REGULATIONS HALT REGISTRATION EXAMINATIONAll the Bourbon county men whowere notified to appear before theBoard of Exemption on Wednesdayand Thursday were requested notto do so, as new regulations regarding the physical examination hadhad been received by the localBoard.The new regulations, it is understood, will have no effect on themen already examined, but thosewho will appear from now on willbe examined under the new regulations. The men who had been summoned to appear before the Boardon Wednesday and Thursday willreceive due notice of the day whenthey will be expected to report atthe court house for examination.Just what effect the call for thefinal quota to the First NationalArmy will have is not known, andwill remain so until some definiteinformation is received from theProvost Marshal General's office in-Washington.Another problem that confrontsthe Board is the fact that three -fourthsof the men still to be sentunder the old quota are negroes,while a communication from theAdjutant General's office said thatno negroes would be sent to CampTaylor. -Adjutant General Ellisstated that he thought they wouldprobably be sent to some othercamp not yet determined.The local Board is undecidedwhether they would be expected togo on down in Class A-l and getenough men to fill the places of thenegroes, so that .Bourbon's totalquota could be sent on February 23.Should this be the decision of theAdjutant General or of those Incharge of the draft system at Washington, it might mean that the calling of the men to the colors at thattime of many who had not expectedto go until the Second National'Army had begun to be raised.State Adjutant- General TandyElli, in announcing the final increment of 3,023 men who will startfor Camp Zachary Taylor bn theweek of February 23, makes thefollowing allotments to nearbyBluegrass counties:Bourbon, 8; Bath, 29; Clark, 25;Fayette, 27; Harrison, 19; Jessamine, 12; Mason, 20; Nicholas, 21:Montgomery, 8; Scott, 6; Robinson,AS: Woodford, 17; Franklin, 1:ieming. 27; BoyleT92r!Madison, l-teAppeals in twenty cases from tnedecision of the local ExemptionBoard have been entered by CountyJudge Batterton with the DistrictBoard at Lexington acting underinstructions from Adjutant-GeneralJ. Tandy Ellis, at Frankort. Various causes were assigned by the registrants, who will have to answerthe appeal.The following have been summonsed to appear before the ExemptionBoard to-day for physical examination: Henry Ward Beecher Bell.Charles H. Butler, Jr.Charles Howard Day.John Mack.William Wilson.Edgar Williams Dodge.Roy Hoard Lovell.Willis Jacoby.Charlie Nichols.Virgil Harney.Claude Linville.- Frank L. Cox. - 'Henry Shannon.Lewis Rankin s.fr Daniel C. Gay. .Ben Howard. -John M. Stuart. JSilas Smith.-John Williams Webb.- R. Weaver Talbott.Hobert M. Pollitt.Carl Lenox. 'James Claypool.Lucius Desha Johnson.Howard Cornealson.Lee Grimes. ? 'Spencer Rigg.Mike Shannon. ,jtfilton Prebble.Clarence Allen Bonta."Hervey Herrington.Canlus Wells.Jess Guess. - ,Elmer Caywood.Emile Stone Rains.Charlie Bell Fitzpatrick. -Adrin Rabey.Orrin T. Estes.Silas Mattox. rOllie Roe.Nelson Robert Craft.John MaVy Terry.Jesse Roe., The following forty-one young-men have been notified to appear"before the Board to-morrow, (Saturday) for physical examination:Walter Brown Crump.. John Jerome Langenfels.4 H. C. Peterson." James Mclntyre.Sherman Jennett.William Buckner.a William "Thomas Genedon.x, George Edward Burns. -John Frye.?;Earl Brown."Homer C. Robertson. v,Oric Harvey Smith.-Simpson D. Rainey.Edgar King Lovell."Will llhorer.PpMrf Thompson Evans.McClure Crouch.Reynolds Buckler.Archie B. Lucas. .AMERICAN LINER" WITH TROOPSABOARD TORPEDOED.Hit by a torpedo, the Cunardliner Tuscania, with 2,179 American troops aboard, has gone downoff the Irish coast.According to a dispatch from theAmerican Embassy at London, lataWednesday night, 1,912 officers andmen have been accounted for.Survivors have been landed at twotwo widely separated Irish ports.News of the first great disaster tothe armed forces of the UnitedStates came in a brief dispatch totheWar Department from London.When a message came to theState Department from the Embassy at London saying, at 11 o'clockWednesday night, 1,912 of theAmericans "had been accounted for,the joy of the officials almost sweptaway the distress occasioned by theearlier news.The first 1,100 survivors werelanded at Larne and Buncralina,two widely separated, Irish ports,and this, coupled with the evidentfact that nearly everybody on boardthe Tuscania except those injuredby the explosion might have beensaved.Only the briefest dispatches werereceived and none gave details ofattack on the liner. Even the timewas missing, but it was assumedthat it occurred early Wednesdaymorning, as the first message wasfiled in London at three o'clock. -CORONER'S INdUEST.Coroner Rudolph Davis held aninquest at the court house at 3:30o'clock Wednesday afternoon investigating the shooting of Zep LeeCurrent, colored, by Frank Johnson, colored, which occurred onShort street, Sunday evening.A large number of witnesses wereexamined by the Coroner and thematerial facts in the case werebrough out. The jury returned averdict to the effect that Currentcame to his death from the effectsof a gunshot wound inflicted byFrank Johnson.Johnson's examining trial willtake place before County Judge Geo.Batterton, in -tne County Coirrtroom Monday morning. Johnson'sIsfense will likely be a plea of selfdefense. He was remanded to theParis jail to await, the examiningtrial.HUSTLING YOUNG MEN ENTE$INSURANCE FIELD. .Good business ability, pluck andvim are the qualities combined inthe persons of two young Paris business men, who have recently formed a partnership in .the insurancebusiness, Mr. John Yerkes and Mr.Dan Peed, Jr.These gentlemen have opened anoffice in the Farmers' and Traders'Bank, at the corner of Main andSixth streets, where they will transact a general insurance businessfire, lightning, tornado, tobacco andhail and such other forms of insurance that the business world "ofto-day knnows. Both are men ofrecognized ability, both being connected with the bank's clericalforce. They have secured the agencyfor some of the most reliable andprompt-paying companies, and askfor a share of the public's patronage. (It)JULIAN ELTINGE MONDAY ATALAMO AND GRAND.Julian Eltinge, the well-knownprofessional woman-imitator, canboast a popularity far greater thanmight be expected from the factthat he has never appeared in anyexcept large cities and towns. Thatis, he is a "big-timer," as they putit in the theatrical world. WhenMr. Eltinge made his screen debutrecently in Paramount auspices, Itwas thought that the small' townswhere Mr. Eltinge had not appearedmight not be as "interested in seeinghi,m on the -screen, but this surmisewas found to be absolutely incorrectas thousands of small cities andx vilages all over the country poured intheir inquiries and requests for Mr.Eltinge's pictures. "The CleverMrs. Carfax," which is his secondParamount photoplay, is scheduledto appear at the Alamo TheatreMonday afternoon and Paris GrandMonday night.xEric Raymond Hutchinson.William Anderson Parker.John P. Burns.Jesse Foster Crouch.Norman B. Moss.R. Mitchell Brown.Josiah Ashifrst Jones.Harry Hubble Chinn, Jr.Walter Johnson.Robert Montgomery Adair.William Everett Fryman.Nicholas Florence.Allen Curtis.Burnam C. Carmichael.Clarence Rogers.Will Hughes.William Jerome Burns.William P. Quinlan.Justice Lee-Guthrie.John Robert Mitchell.John T. Price.Russell Clay Day.COAL DEALERS REPORTSUPPLY HERE.GOODMayor E. B. January recently J The accommodation train on thesent a letter to all the Mayors of L. & N. leaving Paris at 7:00 p. m.Central Kentucky towns, urging for Cynthiana, and the train leavingtheir co-operation in an appeal to Cynthiana for Paris at 7:00 a. m.,the Louisville & Nashville railroad will be discontinued on Sunday,authorities, to relieve the coal February 10. The traveling publicshortage which had been growinr.is asked to take notice of theseworse. changes in schedule.It was pointed out that the re- Mayor Ro'dney Withers, City Atlease of a sufficient number oEjtorney Will VanDeren, County Atloaded cars standing ' on the side . torney Peterson and several othertracks between Covington, Hazard, ' representative citizens of Cynthi-and other coaling points, to meetthe emergency, would enable theempty cars to be sent back to themines for immediate reloading. Tharesponses were immediate and spontaneous, indicating the readinessand willingness of - the Mayors touse every influence at their command to effect the object sought.As a result of the appeal Paris i-5now supplied with sufficient coal tomeet ordinary demands and more illpromised. Had the coal not arrivedMayor January and the local FuelCommissioner, Mr. Jas. H. -Thompson,had made arrangements withthe Louisville & Nashville, throughSuperintendent J. A. Morrison, tosupply the immediate emergencydemand, the 'Superintendent promising relief within two hours after,notification.Mayor January is keeping directpersonal touch with the situation,and is making a special- effort tosee that no home in Paris shall bewithout coal as long as a supplycan be obtained.GAS COMPANY IS SUED FORTENDER CENT. REBATE.Suit for 43,000 persons who aredependent upon the Louisville Gasand Electric Company's franchise-,has been filed in the Circuit Courtat Louisville, asking for discountsin their gas bills on account of theshortage in the i winter. This is thefirst legal application of the clausein the gas company's franchise requiring the company to reimbursegas consumers with 10 per cent, rebates on gas bills for every 72 hoursof subnormal gas pressure. Thesuit was filed by Thomas J. Batman,Jr., represented by Grover Saleiand the law department of the cityof Louisville, in behalf of the usersof the gas.It is belived that this' Is mertheCynthlana Democrat, says:fho first nf a rpHps nf actions whichwill be taken up in the ndxt weekor so, asking that the company be ing fun with Editor uesna ureuuucompelled to live up to its contract ridge, of the Lexington Herald, overand -furnish an adequate supply of his continued attacks on Secretarygas by 'extending its mains to more Baker. Desha is a good fellow whoprolific fields in West Virginia. is making himself ridiculous. vWE KNOW H0WDo You Suffer WithCOLD FEET?"C .L B-If You Do, Wear Dr. Reed's CushionSole ShoesYour feet will never become cold and damp. There isno other shoe made that will give you the same comfort andservice that Dr. Reed's Cushion Sole Shoes will. Made witha soft velvet-like cushion sole that rests those aching feetand an invisible cork inner sole that keeps the dampnessfrom seeping in. Dr. Reed's Shoes are made m all stylesand sizes. Black Vici Kid and Calf Skin$9.00 PAIRThe Nettleton Shoe You All KnowMany customers in Paris and Bourbon county have beenwearing these well-known shoes year after year, and forthe man who has ever worn a pair of Nettleton Shoes he isamong our satisfied sljpe customers. Nettleton Shoes holdtheir shape, and no matter how long you "jvear them youwill finS they hold their original shape until the last bit ofwear has left them.$12,00 and $12.50i MITCHELLfvSrStetson Hats Manhattan ShirtsDuofold Health UuderwearCHANGE IN L. & N. RAILROAD! SCHEDULE.ana, were in Paris, Wednesday, conferring with the Louisville & Nashville railroad authorities in regardto the discontinuance of the Cynthiana and Paris "dinky" train.The gentlemen represented to theL. & N. people that these trainswere almost a necessary convenience to the people of Cynthianaand the adjacent country. Theystated that without them therewould be no way of reaching stations beaween Cynthiana and Parisbefore nearly mid-day, as trains hadbeen lately running several hourslate. No communication could bemadB at Lexington for Louisville orFrankfort without a wait of aboutthree hours if the trains are ontime, and no connections could bemade in mornings for points on theMaysville division. The Cynthianapeople have hopes that the servicemay be restored.GETTING READY POR BUSINESS.-The new auto-patrol recently ordered by the Board of Council 1now on exhibition at the Fire Department headquarters for the inspection of callers. The new machine is complete in every way, butwill not be put in service for several days yet.Nextweek the work of preparingheadquarters for the police department .will be taken up and pushedforward" to completion. This willgive the police comfortable rooms,and a place where they can befound on business connected withtheir duties.L SHAME ON 'YOU, 'SHEA!, Editor James M. Allen, in"Pert and Pertinent" columnhisin"The niress boys ana some oi iuccitizens of Bourbon county are hav-BLAKEMOREimtlMtHHIIMIMIMiMITHE TOBACCO MARKETSThe Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCompnay sold at their sale held Mr. Robert Delaney of ParU whposing of the finest crop of tobacco art T1' came home from thgrown on a given acreage in the camP Wednesday. Mr. Delaney hascounty for the highest price of the been granted an honorable disseason. This crop was grown by, charge from the service.Burrough Bros., of near Millersburg Lieut. Jason Redmon who haswhich contained 1,810 pounds .been d. guest of his parents lrgrown on ont and one-quarter meas-l and Mrs. Castle Rp5 JI:llfan onroc nf cn-nnnJ fPl l.t.luu. u.ww yjt. civuuu. ilic LULiU.crop sold for $49. 6 per hundredpounds. It was sold for a total of$898.12, at the rate of $718.49per acre. Other crop averages wereas follows..Buckler, Kerr & Ransdale, 2,530pounds, average $40.05,Haskins & Sons, 3,990 pounds, averaged $35.05.Grimes & Wagoner, 1,380 pounds,averaged $35.17.Connell & Herrington, 4,315pounds, averaged $35.11.Hehr & Thomas, 1,255 pounds,averaged $37.88.Ardery & Doyle, 3,345 pounds,averaged $34.38.Burke, Brent & Mink, 7,730pounds, averaged $34.76.BisTiop & Craycraft, 1,820 pounds,avarfxrod 1 Q K ORoberts & Maher,averaged '$33.09.2,295 pounds,The Independent Tobacco Warenouse company som Wednesday atotal of 148,135 pounds for an average of $28.20. Some of the bestaverages of the days saleswere aifollows:J. H. Hall, 8,030 pounds, averaged $35.21.Ewalt & Kenton, 3,690 pounds,averaged $31.65.George A. Keller, 4,140 pounds,averaged $32.05.Ward & Dray, 2,660 pounds, averaged $34.00.Whaley, Clarke & Harney, 2,550pounds, averaged $38.61.George B. Leeds, 2,465 pounds,averaged $31.27.Turney & Smith, 6,790 pounds,averaged $31.43.Harding & Green, 3,285 pounds,averaged $32.12.Mart Johnson, 2,5 SO pounds, averaged $30.01.Wioodford & Hutsell, 3 ,345pounds, averaged $34.50.Thomason, Burris & Falkner, 3t3,240 pounds, averaged $33.0,0. -Harding & Reed, 4245 " pounds,averaged $21.54.Bond & Brierly, 1,675 pounds,averaged- $ 31.il.Myers & Dale, 2,7-15 pounds, averaged $34. 5 S.(Continued, on Page 6.)The Independent House sold attheir sale yesterday a total of 85,070 pounds of tobacco, for $27,-002.17, an average of $31.74. Thequality of the offerings was goodprices ranging from $8 to $61.Some of the crop averages follow:Thomason, Burris & Faulconer,3,565 pounds; average $44.00.Thomason, Burris & Wagoner,2,535 pounds; average $46.85.Thomson, Burris & Fleming, 4,600 pounds; average 45.89.Clark, Young & Armes, 1,065pounds; average $48.17.Griffith Sisters & Hall, 2,505pounds, average $25.99.W. P. Thomas & Bradley, 3,445pounds; average $23.10.Ward & Parker, 2,165 pounds ;average $29.00. vRedmon & Martin, 2,830 pounds;average $27.14.Whaley, Clark & Harney, 3,335pounds; average $38.03.Jesse Scott. 5.175 pounds; average $28.00.Buckner & Johnson, 3,320pounds; average $28.11.Redmon & Early wine, 2,470pounds; average $27.20.Plummer, McClure & Rankin, 2,755 pounds; average $36.92.J. W. Connell & Plunkett, 2,955pounds; average $28.30.Clark & Young, 2,165 pounds;average $35.34." Clark & Kelley, 12,245 pounds;average $30.58.H. S. Lake, 5,030 pounds; average $30.95.Whaley & Maines, 2,965 pounds;average $32.80.The Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCompany sold in their Paris Houseyesterday 63,8,00 pounds of tobaccofor $20,520.06,. an average or$32.16, and sold in the BourbonHouse 89,845 pounds, for $25,450.48, an average of $28.32.As has been the case for the lastfew days, the market was verystrong and activve throughout. Thefloor average of $32.16, obtained atthe Paris House on this sale is therecord for the market this season.Crop averages follow:C. T. Mastersbn sold 2,235 pounds;average $31.43.Stewart & Han sold 3,580 pounds:average $36.89.Caldwell & Taylor sold 6,610pounds; average $38.78.Marshall & Moreland sold 8,340pounds; average $35.24. ,Wesselman & Cleveland sold 2,830 pounds; average $38.11.Ardery & Overby sold 1,985pounds; average $36.96.Connell & .Myers ' sold 2,690pounds; average $34.24.Ardery & Gross sold 3,135 pounds;average $32.61.White & Coy sold 3,480 pounds;$34.67.Mitchell, Williams & Swim sold5,215 pounds; average $33.47.A. P. Adair & Son sold 2,350pounds; average $3Q.76-. -Connel. & Patterson sold zbbI pounds ; . average $ 31. 3 8 .-IN THE SERVICE OE THEDtCOUNTRY. NI v, -- .ui.Paris, for several days on furloughhas returned to Camp ZacharyTaylor. -Mr. Martin Glenn, of Paris, whois now Superintendent of the Hamilton County Humane Society, with,headquarters at 107 West Ninthstreet, in Cincinnati, has returnedthere. Mr. Glenn recently underwent the physical examinationbefore the local Board of Exemption3-nd has been since then a guest" ofrelatives in Paris and Bourboncounty. Mr. Glenn is a brother ofJoseph, John and George Glenn, ofnear Paris.Monroe Sweeney, who recentlyenlisted in the naval branch, of thhpo Qta00 i, -...-.J -rl.,, , o wecu oiAUUUBU 'lthe detention camp, Camp Decatur,Great Lakes, Ilh, came in Wednesday, for a visit to his mother, Mrs,John S. Sweeney, on Higglns avenue. "Empire" Sweeney says it Csi a great life, and that he is well satisfied. He has seen several Parisboys, who are at Camp Dewey, nearGreat Lakes, and says they are alllooking well and having nothing toregret for having enlisted in theservice.Charles S. Mathers, of the U. S. 3Michigan, a former resident ofBourbon county, is visiting his parents, Mr. and Mrs. Wm. S. Mathers,in Montgomery county. Matherwas on the ship when "it mef with,an accident in mid-ocean severalweeks ago, but was unhurt. TheMichigan is now in dry dock.JOHNSON, ALLEGED SLAYER,WAIVES EXAMINING TSIAL.The preliminary hearing of OscarJohnson, charged with killing Walter A. Rice, in Paris some time ago,.was held before County Judge GeoBatterton, in the County Courts -Wednesday.County Attorney D. D.Clinewas assisted by-Attorney JohnJ. Williams, while Johnson was alsorepresented. y N ? .,.-The testimony of a number ofwitnesses, including those wtio werin the restaurant at the time of thashooting, as they were alleged- tohave occurred, were brought out brthe Commonwealth. Johnson presented no testimony at all.At the conclusion of the session.County Judge Batterton announcedthat Johnson's attorney had conconcluded to waive the examiningtrial. Johnson was held over to thegrand jury at the next term ofBourbon Circuit Court, and. wascommitted to jail without bond.THE WEATHER.The month of January, with itszero temperatures and biting wind3,has passed, but its memory stillstill lingers. Its successor, February, has not acted much better, butwill do at present.Paris people are beginning to geta glimpse of the ground, which hasbeen covered with snow and "icesince the first of December. Rising temperature Wednesday andyesterday brought a thaw whichloosened large amounts of snow andice, and started incipient floods inthe streets and alleys. Goodnessknows, though, there is enough iceleft yet to make walking a very difficult matter. The rain which fellWednesday washed the sleet andsnow away, leaving uncovered asolid mass of ice over which Parishumanity crept gingerly to placesof safety.The prediction for Tennessee aniKentucky for to-day is cloudy and.warmer, with prospects of unsettledconditions Saturday.Speaking of this weather, don'tyou recall that Asa Martin, the professional weather forecaster, ofLexington, made the prophesy earlyin the fall:"On the whole, the coming "winter is going to be the mildest thathas been experienced in Kentuckyfor twenty-five years, and- will ba poor man's winter all through."Allison & Gaunce soldpounds; average $32.07.Vimont & Florence sold5;SQr-1,245pounds; average $34.00.Burke, Brent & Napier sold-2-790 pounds; average $33.41.Clay & Tobin sold 2,950 pound;average $37.51.Vimont 5& Florence sold 1;24pounds; average $34.00.Reffett & Day sold 2,440 poundaraverage $31.40.Meteer & XJinn sold 2,275 poumds;average $34.82.Buckner & Howardpounds; average $33.45.Connel - & Shankspounds; average $32.01.Woodford & Harneysold" ZJttsold 2,815sold 2;75sold 14" s.pounds; average $34.64.- Buckner &. Hutsellf pounds . average $30.34.- 4tJ-Z&-..- j .'.'v f''-- v- - -"!. 3t. "JsVW" v.VkTt8- vanJjS&3rtV".r-":fit-FlflETWOTHE BOltRBON NEWS: PARISKY.FRIDAT, FEBRTTABY t, 11 f.j- " i 1Tr;nhitiiMi t! ?ifHm BOURBON NEWSBMIched 1811 35 Years of Continuous Publication.bltahed Every Tuesday and Friday,c Year. . .?2.00 Six Months. . .$1.00Payable In Advance.WIFT Cr!AMP, Editor and Owner.Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation ofamy person, firm or corporation "whichay appear in the columns of THEBOURBON NEWS will be gladly corrected it brought to attention oC theAltor.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, ?1.00 perinch for first time; 50 cents per inch-each subsequent insertion.' Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in black-type) 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andHRlmiiar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.-- EDITOEIAI MUSINGS... ..Keep An ISye On 'Em!In these days of degeneracy andlack of gallantry, every parentshould know the whereabouts oftheir daughters after eight o'clockat night. Too 'many girls there arewhoare permitted to roam thestreets at their own free will,(though, of course, not rin suchWeather as at present) at 'almostany time of the night, and who ultimately have cause to regret it."We're not a croaker, neither do webelieve in taking away the freedom,In a reasonable degree, "from thegirls and boys, but we do believethere should be fewer heartaches,fewer broken homes and more purity and womanliness in - the worMiild every parent keep the childrenoff the streets at unseemly hours.Says a father of a small family:"My boys-and girls do not leave theTiouse after eight o'clock unlessspecially detained." We know ofothers who have adopted that ruleyears ago, and their sons anddaughters are a credit to them and"to the town and the community.There is nothing elevating in astreet education.Wheatless Meals.-"'The wheatless meal should be themeal with which vegetables areeaten (if you can get the vegetable.). It shoul be the substantialmeal of the day which can be eateiwithout much bread or with cornbread. Food Administrator SackettState Food Administrator Sackett is a Louisville clubman inwhose vocabulary "dinner" meansthe evening meal. To 'nine Kentuckians in ten dinner is the midday meal. In the majority of Kentucky homes 'the evening meal is aflight supper with biscuit as thechief ornament and delight, In amajority of Kentucky homes cornbread is etaen by preference withdinner., We assume that anyone who observes conscientiously the rule ofone wheatless meal a day will bepardoned if he elects the meal withwhich cornbread "goes best." Thatis "dinner" in city homes and "din-ner" in the country, but "dinner"in. the country is usually eaten after,-- dark. How about it, Mr.-Sackett?The Old-Fashioned Fireplace.- "We had the pleasure of visitingrecently at a home where there wasan old-fashioned fireplace. And weenjoyed it. There is somethingafcout 'an old-fashioned fireplacetfcatakes a body-1 by the handwithout waiting for an introduction. It doen't keep a man waitingout in the hall until his very nailsturn blue, and he sighs a regretthat' he didn't bring his ear muffcalong; but before he can tell how it-isone it has made him feel rightat home, and is communing with" kirn like an old friend with whomhhopes never to part again. Itputs him in the best chair, and is ontfefeway to the dining room for refreshments before he can get hisSix :oS .' Ad-as he sits there in these days-of low (tas pressure and the scarcityr ifcoa!,-rubbing his hands with anartistic sort of feeling to which, noord in our language ,can give fullJit.i r o0 -A.Ji u uuui.It warms himp.wlth a gldw WmaKes xmn teei Denevoieui xruiu. me ,tips of his toes to the very top-most hair on his head, and it quickens up his blood until he can almost feel his hair growing on thebald spots. It takes away the fearof death or gives a fascination tofire, which amounts to very muchthe same thing.Knocking, Who Is There?Tryasfiard as you please you cannever get a knocker to believe thathis home town is anything but amodern Nazareth. Nothing goodcan come out of it. Even when somebit of successful hustling or unusual generosity sets the outside worldta talking, he manages to find someflaw, some manner in which thedeed would have been bettered hadit happened elsewhere. Personally,his brains if changed to water,would not be sufficient to dampenthe dust on a gnat's whiskers, buthe considers himelf capable of giving good advice to old man Solomon, if that learned gentleman wajin the land of the living and a resident of Paris, Ky.The Boy's Bank Account.There are several factors that areresponsible for the making of an industrial and thrifty man out of anactive and wide-awake boy, andone of the most important of theseis getting the boy to start a banicaccount of his own in his earlyteens or before. Not only shouldthe lad be encouraged to put mostof the money he earns on deposit Insuch an account, but it will help tostill further encourage him if thefund is increased now and then bythose most interested in him.The having and building of sucha bank account will not only makea boy saving and thrifty, but hewill at the same time learn the value of a dollar, while the incentivehe will have to add to the sum ondeposit will keep him from spendingfoolishly the .money he earns. Helpthe active, lestless boy to start abank account. It (may make a manof him. ,Here's To The Boys!Here's to the Bourbon countyboys who have left desk, the machine, the working bench or whatever their pursuit in life may havebeen, and here's to the others whowill follow them soon. May theyall come back stronger and full ofthe vital forces of life. May theyall be spared to come back and enjoy the fruits of civilization. Butwhile they are gone let us remember them, and let us do the littlewe can to make their lives morepleasant. Let us carry a parcel ofcomfort to the camp and trench.Let us resolve to remember "theboys" whether at Camp Taylor,Camp Decatur, Camp anywhere inAmerica or in Europe.Four Earthquakes in One Morr.JrigFour seismic disturbances cccuipji JIn Japan on the morning of Nuvemb'i5. The first shock occurred at i):."and lasted for a minute and a half. Iiwas weak. At 11:23 a brief but iulent quiver was felt. Five minutelater a strong but horizontal vibrationfollowed. The final shock, at 11:3?was hardly noticeable. Scientists doclare the center of disturbance to havibeen fifty miles from Tokyo. East andWest News.Soil Peculiarities.A soil covered with gravel coolsmuch more slowly than a sandy soil,so that tlio heat absorbed during theday is retained farther into the night.This knowledge is taken advantage -ofin cases where, otherwise, late fruiting crops would either be caught byfrosts or fall to mature through shortness of the high temperature season.Sod or cover crops prevent warmingof rhe soil.Had Mania for Horse Hair.Pulling hairs from the tails of horseswas the eharge against a man in-Lon-donthe other day. He was chargedwith having stolen four and a quarterpounds of horse hair from a liverycompany, and the claim was that hehad deliberately pulled this out ofthe tails of the company's horses.Found guilty,-the man was fined $25.Habsburg or Hapsburg?Habsburg, as it is. spelled In the original German, the name being derivedfrom the castle of Habsburg, or HabIchtsburg (Hawk's Castle), on the bankof the Aar, In the Swiss Canton ofAargau. In this way it Is also spelledin the Encyclopaedia Britannica, butin this country it. Is generally spelledwith a "p."Suffers In Silence.The average millionaire knows howunpopular it is to be rich, but he goesright along and endures the painfulresponsibilities of wealth, suffering thescorn and calumny of a cruel worldIn silence, and awaits his vindicationbeyond the grave. Houston Post.Most -Expensive Wood.The most expensive worn! in rhworld Is said to be the boxwood im-lported from Turkey for the use ofengravers. The cost ranges from 4 to10 cents a square Inch for the bestgrade. -Brooklyn Standard-Union."Gum Shoe Bill' asa stern andI unbending patriot isa remarkablebit -of political camouflage.wei$IU1C UC UttQ IJCCil UUCIC UtilB i,.ui- i 'ir..:'.ni-i--i "U..-wect . CofrbyHarta Beetem."I had a trained worm once," beganCol. Harta Beetem, reflectively, according to the Detroit Free Press. "Idon't wonder that you chaps look surprised as far as I know it's the onlycase-ef a trained worm on record.Haw ! Yawss !"I was digging for bait on the farbank of the Ganges and I noticed thatone of the worms had a particularlylarge head. "Well, now, my favoritemotto is, 'Large head, something in it.'I started to educate the little devil,and in two months he was the marvelof the entire countryside. Rully!"Here's the way he would help mefish: He'd wind his little tail aroundthe end of the hook and wave his bodyabout till a snapping pottie, or perhaps a blue-nose skad, would make adive for him. Quick as a wink Sliversthat's what I called him would coilhimself up into a ball and roll out ofthe fish's jaws just as they closed onthe hook. Clevah, what! Oh ahand I forgot to mention, whenever hesaw a fish coming he would sendthree little bubbles up to the surfaceand put me on my guard. Then, afterI'd landed the fish Slivers would stickhis head out of the water and wait forthe hook again."He died, finally, of some sort ofcerebral trouble brain fever, perhaps.Gad! boys. I was sorry to lose thatworm! If any of you ever get overthat way just look up- his little tombstone. It's right outside a little towncalled Goodab ony of the natives'llshow you. Haw!"DESCRIBES CURE FOR GROUCHDoctor Finds Uneasiness and Crankiness Are Both Diseases That CanBe Groped With.Take comfort, all ye who "fly topieces" at the slightest provocation orare judged fidgety or cranky or irritable. Your friends, and more especially your enemies, may say it is just"pure cussedness," or even worse. ButDr. Meyer Solomon brings word tosuch sufferers that they are victimsof a disease which may be cured.In the New York Medical Journalhe has an article dealing with the subject in plain language and telling simple systems and simple remedies.'Tn common forms." Doctor Solomon says, "there is nothing more thana condition of uneasiness or unrest.The person is fidgety, ill nt ease, cannot concentrate on the task before himand is so generally disturbed he doesnot know what to do with himself. ItIs but natural that while In this condition the person Is Irritable and is aptto be cranky, grouchy, easily lingeredand not at all himself, as he will tellyou. t venture to state in this simpleform the state occurs now and thenin all human beings, but for the mostof us these periods are relatively infrequent. "Many may find relief by going to agymnasium, playing golf, tennis, or thelike; going to a baseball game, Joiningacard game ; yes, even going to a prizefight, a wrestling match and similarmethods of amusement. Others mayfind their peace in Intellectual pursuitsreading a novel, a scientificbook or article, resorting to one oftheir hobbles."Popular Superstitions.To be born on the first day of a nowmoon means that the child will have ahappy life and be rich. A child bornon the second day will grow rapidly.A short life Is predicted for a childborn on the third or thesixth day. Achild born on the"fth day will be deceitful and proud.Birth on-the seventh day means thata child born will live long, but havemany troubles. The ninth day promises that a child born then shall haveriches and honors. A child born onthe tenth day will live long and- be agreat traveler.A birth on "the eleventh day meansthat the child will be healthy andhandsome, and if a girl, remarkablefor wisdom. A child born on thetwelfth day of the moon will be dearly loved, but have a bad temper.Watch His Laugh.The leopard cannot change hisspots, nor the laugher his laugh. ItIs as characteristic as his nose or thecolor of his eyes. No polish or educational veneer can alter the laugh muchin quality and tone, although It maysoften it. Yet, even then, in an unguarded moment the old laugh rings orcackles, or explodes, and the show Isgiven away.A man to be avoided, to be passedby on the other side, Is the man wholaughs without smiling. The man wholaughs like a' mask or a ventriloquist'spuppet. His face wrinkles. He makesa noise. But he is smileless as arooster when cackling. Take it fromme, that man is hard, relentless, cruel,malignant.The Unspeakable Turk.This expression came into generaluse during the Bulgarian agitation of1876, on its appearance in a publishedletter of Carjyle's to George Howard,M. P., dated November 24: "The unspeakable Turk should be immediatelystruck but of the question, and the'country left to honest European guidance." It was not the first time, however, that Carlyle had made use of It.In 1831, nearly fifty years before, in"The Westminster Review," No. 29, inan article on the "NIbelungen Lied,"he makes mention of "that unspeakable Turk, Kins Machabol." vf - ZF,ae-ji r. Veir :: i ' . T t-. ,-- , .. . gL'x?pwrt"r ?-i. 2a.s:2iis6. .. r tvjB?i j-'Z&zssp,' - T&k-z&j& -;-.! . vc asLi7.- j: - "x . 2aEoLi5LBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBSBBBSSiaMIMMMM--MM.,--, .. . ..,-ti . .. ,. . . , b rfr-Bjf cSrfaaW . . . -, --.. ' .T "T" -IfTttX .- JWltC! '? ia-IFOR ENLISTEDMAN'S FAMILYRed Cross Home Service Standsby Relatives of Uncle Sam'sSoldiers and Sailors.EDITOR'S NOTE: This Is the secondof a series of five articles prepared byMr. Flescr on the subject of Red CrojssHome ServJoe. The three remaining articles are: "Financial Aid In Home Service," "What Has Been Taught HomeService Workers" and "Organizlngr andTraining 30,000 Home Service Committeemen." BY JAMES L. FIE8ER.Director, Civilian Relief, Lake Dlvlsion, American Red Croee.Five million American women todayare engaged in production of RedCross hospital supplies, knitted articlesand surgical dressings. And thesewomen toil without slightest inklingof the identities of the men who willbo comforted by, their patriotic endeavors. So it remains for tho army of 80,000Red Cross civilian relief, or HomeService, workers to bring the personal contact into tho" Red Cross work byholding out, in a quiet and unpatronIring manner, a helping hand to relatives of men in the service and, la'ter,to the men themselves on their return from the battlefronts.It remains for this army of 80,000(which is backed by more than 3,000chapters with a membership above 22,000,000) to marshal a reserve of medical, legal, educational, social and financial forces to assist in this "helping-hand business," in a manner honorable to the American Red Crossand worthy of those helped.First of all, Red Cross Home Service centers about home solidarity:getting lonely women back to livewith taeir own people, watching overthe interests of an expectant mother,reuniting scattered families and writing to men in the service about thesituation In their homes.Recently a young Italian in one ofthe cantonments within the' Lake division was worried to a point wherehe was of little use to his governmentbecause he got no letters from hiswife. He appealed to the Red Cross.A Home Service committee memberinvestigated (they never embarrassthe family by sending the whole committee) and found that he got no letters because his wife could not write.Arrangements were made for a letterte b written for the wife onee aweek. Simple service, but with wondsrful results upon the soldier's stateof mind. And, perhape best of alL theyoung wife now. is learning to reaand write.The Child Angle.Then there is the children's side ofIt there are men in the service whoare fathers despite the fact that thepublic generally does not think thatthere are many fathers in the ranks?Home Service v,'orkers are explaining lessons to children who fall behindin their classes. Tjioy seo that chidren in need et medical care get thatcare. They are seeking to give kindlyadvice to the child just beginning tobe wayv.-ard or disobedient.Coming to tho economic side of theservice, Red Cross service workersare:Fitting pople to the right job andhelping them Btay fitted by trying tofind out where the Job pinches; seeingthat insurance policies do not lapse;encouraging people, who have moreready money than usual (some dohave), to spend it with good sense;protecting the recipient of pay allowance checks from the wiles of unscrupulous installment men and salesagents; getting the best legal andbusiness advice in the perplexing problems sure to rise in war tlme3.And finally helping the crippled soldier or sailor. This work Is still inthe future, and, while not the mostpleasant thing in the world to anticipate, provisions for it must be and isbelnf made. This the Red Cross HomeService workers are planning to doby:Encouraging employers to give suitable work to cripples that they mayfind permanent opportunity for entireor partial self support and chance foradvancement; maintaining an information service regarding opportunitiesfor suck employment, or working withstate and municipal employment instruxaent provided for thia purpose;giving personal attention to thetroubles and hope of those who donot find satisfactory work 'and toothers waoee courage, must not be allowed to fail; securing vocationaltraining for those unfitted for the kindof work there is available; creating apublic opinion which will encouragettlf support from all crippled soldiersand tailors to the degree that it ispossible for them to work.All this is, In brief, American RedCrotfl Home Service as it now operateand is planned. The program has beenbuttt P from the experiences of ourtlliea. Without doubt, like all RedCroee work, the program will grow aathe Wftr grows older. One thing, however, ii certainNOTHING LESS THAN THE PROQA4K AS OUTLINE ABOVE WILLMaUBURB "UP TO THE IDSALS OFAMKR1CA AND OF THE .AMERICANCROSS.IDEAHBKBOW1L3- rDon't StevCoastipated, HeadaclivtBiuops, witn. .Bream isao. orStomach. Sour..No odds how bad your liver,stomach, or bowels; how much yourhead aches, how miserable and uncomfortable you are from a cold,constipation, indigestion, biliousness and sluggish bowels you always get relief with Cascarets.Don't let your stomach, liver andbowels make you miserable. TakeCascarets to-night; put an end tothe headache, biliousness, dizziness,nervousness, sick, sour, gassy stomach, bad cold, offensive breath andall other distress; cleanse your inside organs-of all the bile, gasesand constipated matter which isproducing the misery.A 10-cent box means health, happiness and a clear head for months.All druggists sell Cascarets. Don'tforget the-children their little insides need a gentle cleansing, too.(adv)HEATLESS MONDAYS TO CONTINTJE INDEFINITELY.WASHINGTON, D. C, February7. It was practically certainafter a conference between FuelAdministrator Garfield and DirectofGeneral McAdoo that the heatlesqMonday could not be immediatelyabandoned as had been hoped, because the intense cold had so cutdown movements of fuel supplies tothe country.There was every indication thatunless tha transportationand fuelsituation improved very much, itwould be necessary to go throughthe whole series of heatless. Mondays, which according to programends March 25.THINGS TO WOEHY ABOUTCertainly some very appropriatenames among the Bourbon countyboys who will probably be calledinto Uncle Sam's service. There'sRussell Igo. Will Cross, Ike Holdamian, Otis Coldiron, Frank Duniphard and John Livingood.GovernmentWantsMechanicsU. S. Government must have menfor ship building. It needs mechanics, riveters, iron-workers, painters,blacksmith and carpenters. Standard wages paid, housing furnishedtransportation from a distance.Register with Buckner Woodford,Jr., Bourbon Bank, Paris, Ky.(5-4t)XWANTED !Every Automobile OwnerIn Bourbon CountyTo Have the Advantage of OurTRDEPARTMENTBring your old (ires to us andhave your work done by an expertwho has had years of experiencebuilding tires. Come and see foryourself.We Do Re-Treading andVulcanizing of All KindsC. S. BALLCor. Fourth and(tWWHtMWtmilMlHitMiiiiiiiiiiiiiijiiiijiiiii!FOR RENT.-Deeiraile bouv ft MaJsi stotaifihas 4veroom and bath; iosJWr'garden. -2 !-(SHi) J. T. HINTON..Public Sale of Bank Stock.I will sell atdoor in Paris onthe court houseSATTODAY. PEB. 9. 1918,at eleven o'clock, a. m., ten sharesof the capital stock of the BourbonAgricultural Bank & Trust Co.((5-2t) M. F. KEENEY, Auct.FOR SALEHandsome set of furniture for"den." Consists of cellarette,double settee, with table attachment, floor clock, secretary, centerable, etc. Set is finished in mission and is good as new. Can bebought at a bargain. Call at THEBOURBON NEWS office. Bothphones 124. (tf)Children's Day,Beginning Saturday, Feb. 2, andeach Saturday thereafter, will makespecial examinations of children'seyes. If your child is backward inhis or her studies, and you havesuspected eye strain, bring them tome and have a thorough examination made of their eyes. You owethem that much. Remember, everySaturday. Prices reasonable.DR. W. R. FRANKLINCumb. Phone 7.520 Main St.Burley Tobacco SeedFor Sale.The 'Vimont-ICelley variety is inmy opinion the best Bujrley everraised in Kentucky. The Dolan &Goodman crop sold in Lexington, at45 cents, was from my seed. Mr.Wm. Dudley has the record at Louisville with the same. Why notuse the best seed recleaned at thExperiment Station. 1 ounce $1.004 ounces $3.00, pound ?5.00, ipound $8.00.C. E. MARVIN,Payne's Depot, Scott County, Ky.d-4t)---vGARAGEPleasant St. .44JdXVL1- nv',?FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 8,. 1918.--faTHK UOURBON MiWa: 1.a&ist iTr;-Js?5-" mlTHEGROUNDHOG MUST HAVESEEN HIS SHADOW!Judging from the brand of weather we are again experiencing thegroundhog, pestiferous little runt,must have seen his shadow, Saturday, and we are in for six weeks ofbad weather.Even a groundhog might havedone better, and while opinions willalways differ-as to his connectionwith .the weather, we can all beprepared to expect anything now.A Bourbon county farmer whowas asked what he thought of thegroundhog said he didn't take muchstock in him. He saiL4ie didn't "believe the good Lord would run thisworld three hundred and sixty daysin the year, and then turn it overto a groundhog on the three hundred and sixty-fifth day.GETS BACK HEREN6THFEELS FINESIRAMLouisville Woman Thanks TanlacFor Improvement in HerHealth.GETTING SID OF COLDS."I've gotten back my strengthand really feel like myself again,"'said Mrs. James Cross, 127 Westj Chestnut street, Louisville, in telling how Tanlac has improved her! health.The easiest and quickest way Jo j was all rim down and nervousget rid of a cold is to take Cham- tefore x took Tanlac. she continu--berlain'sCough Remedy. This ed .j was bothered with sick head.preparation has been in use for ache often and sometimes they weremany years and its value fully bad that r had to gQ tQ bed Mproven- No matter what remedy st0mach was out of order, too. If Iyou use, however, care must be ate anything rich it would just laytaken not to contract a second cold in my stomach feel like leadbefore you have recovered from the j heard about Tanlac and finallyfirst one, and there is serious danger decided to try it The' very flrst bot.of this. A man of middle age or tle of Tanlac helped my stomacholder should go to bed and stay in After that I began to feel better alloed until tuny recovered, jx isbetter to stay in bed three days atithe start than three weeks later on.(adv-feb)Mr. Bryan's public expressions ofhis belief that a Minister of Munitions is absolutely unnecessaryshows where Mr. Bryan stands, any-Aay.THANKSllOur Business for the Year1917 was More ThanDouble that of the Preceding Year.For this we extend ourthanks to our patrons andwish for them a happy andsuccessful year in 1918 intheir, business pursuits.CALLAGAINWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376over. Now, the nervousness is notnear so bad and the headaches Ihad have all left me. I can eatanything I want now, too, withoutit hurting me."Yes, I've gained strength and Ireally feel like myself again and Xgive Tanlac credit for it all."If you are not feeling right getTanlac to-day. You can get Tanlacat G. S. Varden & Son's drug store.(adv)Hh .THElEBRTJARY FARMFIRESIDE.ANDThere are many good things forthe farmer in the February Farm'and Fireside. "How I Made a Million Dollars Farming" is the storyof a man who has done so; "TheBooze Fighter" is t he story of aman acquired fought and conquered the whiskey habit; "Keeping theI Home Fires Burning" was written,by Mrs. Harold R. Peat, the wife ofJ Private Peat, the famous soldier-I lecturer, and it tells of the woman'over there and what they are doing; "A Nation on Rations" is anarticle on cooking to Uncle- Sam's'order for the sake of victory;I "When You Ask Your Banker for aLoan" was written by a famousNew York banker; and other arti-, cles, such as "Making the Hens Layat Night," "A Living From Poultry," and "Selling War Horses" areentertaining and full of good suggestions. iINDIGESTION.itTake a few doses of Chamberlain's Tablets as directed for indigestion, and j'ou will soon forgetabout your stomach troubles. Tryit.(adv-feb)Nation-Wide PreparednessNorth, South, East, West all working to putthe Nation in fighting trim ! ,Army and Navy departments and districts,camps, yards, coast-guard -stations, light houses,munition, construction and textile plants all coordinating to mould the vast organization mto aneffective nomogeneous force! And in this enormous task the country's telephone network hasbeen and will continue to be the great indispensable agent of communication.The Bell system has enlisted every resourceat its command and offered all unreservedly tothe government.This, together with the immensely increasedcommercial demand for service, the general shortage of materials, and the enlistment and draft ofa large number of technically trained employeswho cannot be replaced, will, it is hoped, be bornein mind by every loyal American if there shouldlater result the necessity for subordinating privateconvenience to the pressing needs of the government. We are not sitting idly by and waiting for abright day when our money can buy equipment.We are uaing every means at our command j tokeep our trvice up to its usual high standard.JXou-wili Wtnt to help because you will be helpingyour o-n ikirvice and enabling us to do a betterjob for Uijcie Sam.We appreciate co-operation.CUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAND TELEGRAPH COMPANY .Incorporated-SOCIAL ANJfr PERSONAL..Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Miss Frances Clay is at homefrom a visit to Miss Louise Kohlass.in Winchester.Mr. Jesse M. Alverson, of theGeorgetown News, was a businessvisitor in Paris, Tuesday.Mrs. Charles Franklin, of nearHutchison, is a patient at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in Paris.- Miss May Shannon has returned to her home in-Lexington aftea visit to her parents in this city.Mr. and Mrs. Oscar T. Hintoattended the performance of "E?perience" at ' the Lexington OperHouse.Mrs. Carrie Curran, who - hasbeen a guest of Mrs. Tilford Burnett, has returned to her home iCynthiana.Miss Sarah Buckner has returned to her home -in "Winchester ater a visit to Miss Lucy Simms, orSecond street.Mr. and Mrs. C. P. Mann, MrfPearl Deavers and Miss Cora Ockerman have returned from a visito Mrs. Mrs. Thomas Davis, in Cailisle.Misses Myrtle and Anna "Riohave returned to their home in Lexington, after a visit to Mrs. Jefferson Current and Miss Sena Rionin Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Bucknecand Mrs. Wm. T. Buckner have returned from a visit to Mrs. J. H.Croxton, in Clark county. MrsCroxton, -who has been very ill withpneumonia is somewhat improved.Mrs. James Doty was hostessrecently at her home on West Seventh street to the members of theRed Cross Knitting Club, of whichMiss Catherine Borland is president, - and Miss Martha Ray treasurer. During the afternoon refreshments of chocolate, fruits and candywere served the guests.The Maysville Daily Bulletinof Tuesday says: "Mr. J. N. Tea-ger, of Paris, was here Monday toattend the marriage of his daughter", Miss Nannie N. Teager, to Mr.Thomas H. Lockett, of Nashville.Tenn .). .Captain C. M. Taylor, ofParis, expert lineman of the Western Union Telegraph Company, Isspending a few days in this citylooking after a special line ofwork."(Other Personals on Page 5)j. ' " "" ;?' '' ST-- vJUST WHAT INTERESTED BILLLoss of Cars and Freight D.dn't Seemto Amount to Much to Himat the Moment."I was riding on a freight trainthrough Kansas," a Santa Fe officialrelates. "I was up in the cupola, ofthe caboose. Downstairs the conductor and the rear brakeman watchedcarefully a pan of beans 'warmingover' on the old coal stove. Theywaited only the return of the headbrakeman before 'putting away' theirluncheons, which they were takingfrom their full dinner pails. s The panof beans was a partnership dish. Icould see the head brakeman comingdown the train from the engine. . Suddenly there was a jerk, a shock, andI saw freight cars begin to pitch fromthe track and pile up in heaps. I hada hasty vision of the head brakeman"sailing through the air and landingIn a cornfield, clear of the right ofway.'"Bill's killed,' I shouted as Iclutched wildly to retain my seat"He's been thrown clear over into thefield.'"As the caboose finally came to astandstill, about the only car left onthe track, the conductor and the rearbrakeman rushed forward to gatherup the remains of 'BilK' But as theyran to him 'Bill' picked himself up ina dazed sort of way and was brushing the dirt from his eyes and hisclothes when they reached him."There was at least $75,000 worthof cars and freight piled up there Inthat wreck, probably $100,000 a totalloss. But the question 'Bill' asked ashis rescuers reached him was :"'Boys, how's them beans backthere?' "LIFE OF A DEPOT AGENTDOUBT DISAPPEARSNo One In Paris Who Has aBack Should Ignore ThisDouble-Proof.Bad-f"frkid-D.oesv your back ever ache?Have yous suspected yourneys?Backache is sometimes kidneyache.With it may come dizzy spells,Sleepless nights, tired, dull daysjDistressing urinary disorders.-Doan's Kidney Pills have been endorsed by thousands.Are recommended here at home.You have read Paris proof;Read 'now the Paris sequel.Renewed testimony; tested bytime.Mrs. G. W. Newman, E. TenthStreet, Paris, says: "I had backaches and headaches and at timeswas very nervous. My kidneyswere weak and inactive. I heardabout Doan's Kidney Pills and usedthem and they soon had me feelingbetter in every way.1'Mrs. Newman gave the above account of her experience with Doan'sKidney Pills on. January 17, 1912.and on November 9, 1916, she said:"I still use Doan's Kidney Pills attimes when I find it necessary. 1have always received the same goolresults, although I do not have somuch trouble as I used to."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remeayget Doan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mrs. Newman had. FosterMilburn Co., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. T.(adv)His Duties Are Manifold and He laEnvied by Few, Accordingto This.The life of a railway agent is one ofroses and cinders for the most part.Some folks think that about all hehas to do is to sell tickets and keepthe extra cent when he makes oddchange, but there are other things Inthe life of a railway agent besidesframing your face in a ticket officewindow and opening a money drawerwith a doorbell on It, and smiling whenthe folks ask him what time the 5:03train will be here if It's on time.From early In the morning when hestarts the day by looking into the coalbin at the1' end of the platform to seehow much bituminous has been stolenduring the night, until sundown, whenhe starts out to hang drug store signson the switch posts, he is an extremely'busy man, says the Walker (Minn.)Pilot. Between checking over freightreceipts and running the hay pressfor the carbon copies of waybills, It'sno wonder he hasn't time to build afire In the waiting room or rub off lastweek's train schedule from the blackboard, because he is a busy man.He listens to complaints with one earand the telegraph keys with the other,and has been known to answer thephone, sell a steamship ticket and puta bucket of coal In the stove all at thesame time, in order to get his workdone within the eight-hour schedule.About the only ones to envy anage.nt his job are the girls in thetown, and that's because he has sucha good chance to get acquainted withthe brakemen on all the freights.JAPPORTIONMENTS UNDER 'THEDHAET CALL TOR COUNTIESFRANKFORT,. KY., Feb. 7. The3,023 white' men from Kentuckyordered to report to Camp ZacharyTaylor from Feb. 23 to 28, completing the white draft list, have been.apportioned among the Kentuckycounties under an oraer issueu-ujProvost Marshal General Crowder.The apportionment among the counties of Central Kentucky have beenannounced by State AdjutantGeneral Ellis-as follows:Bourbon, S; Fayette County, 27;City of Lexington, 4; Clark, 25;Franklin, 1; Jessamine, 12; Madison,16; Nicholas, 21; Montgomery,. 8;Mercer, 18, and Scott, 6. No mention was made in the order of theNegroes who are needed to completethe first contingent.Work of the medical advisoryboards will increased under an order just issued by Provost MarshalGeneral Crowder concerning thephysical examinations of registrantsfor the draft because the War department will now receive men for .certain duties not physically fit for general military service and will receivemen for general service with defectsthat can be remedied.The medical examiners for .thelocal boards are directed to accept aman for general military service andnot to reiect one unless he is foundconditionally unfit. If he comes withinspecial and not fit" for general service, or onewho has only defects that"can be corrected, the Tegistrant must!e referred Jko the 'medical auVisorybord. - v "" "Long Ride Before Him.A cyclist who -stopped at a villageInn boasted about his abilities as arider to such an extent that the landlord ventured to make a wager withhim."Look here, mister" said the Innkeeper, "you can't ride up and downthis road till the church clock strikessix.""Done," said the cyclist." "It's justclose on five now ;" and the next minute he was speeding down the road.After about an hour's riding thecyclist shouted to one of the-bystanders,of whom many had assembled: "I say, has the church clock strucksix yet?""No, you Idiot," was the blunt reply. "Our church clock never strikesat all." London Tlt-BIts.American Girls Who Marry Young;The census bureau finds that hundreds of American girls In every twelvemonths are married at fifteen. Thousands annually are married at sixteen.Out of every -100 women In this country eleven have married before passing nineteen. In New England (according to the census data) only onewoman in fifteen gets an acceptableproposal before she Is twenty. In thesouth, the desirable man offers himselfto one out of five or one out of sixgirls of nineteen or under. It Is shownby the census that a young woman'schance of offers is decidedly better Ina rural community than anywhereels&Hottest Heat.The highest temperature everreached by man is 9,400 degreesFahrenheit. Thlswas produced bytwo English experimenters, Sir AndrewNoble and Sir F. Abel, asserts a scientist. This was done by exploding cordite In a durable steel cylinder. Thiswas due to the suddenness of the reaction, and, although .of momentary duration, it was an interesting scientificLuiuuiuuiy umit. xi. ue "'"''" achievement, nevertheless. With th-either of the two classes, fit for .- : ?, ' . ii. n.v-able to make small diamonds. Professor Molwwm, who t has produced -diamonds,can heat kl -eltctrlc furnacto px900 degree. j, j . .mmmmmmmmmitSSmimI Recommend Pertuia XI DoNot7Think!Ever FeltAll SufferersOf CatarrhMuchBetterMm. 5vTHiAlri H. Hlnchllffe, No.;2QMyrtle St, Beverly, Maat, mHmiThave taken four bottle o FtnMt-.and I can say tkat it hw,4oM,i&t JLULot cool for catanLthe head and throat. I recomnMftPeruna to all suffer! -with, catarrfcI do not think I ever fait ack.Mter. I am rtiifly urprkttf at ftlwork I can do. I do not think tatvmuch pralao can be safd fer Per.rThott who object to liquid medClnee can procure Peruna Tieltle.$6.50LouisvilleCourier-JournalDaily By Mail(Not Sunday)andThe Bourbon NewsYour Home Paper and the Best Known DailyNewspaper in this Section.An Excellent Combination!Subscriptions under this combined rate maybe sent to the office of the BOURBON NEWSor to the ARDERY DRUG CO., the CourierJournal Agent.A MAN AND HIS WIFEmay both derive; satisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by usj lTie.co3t is nominal, while'the pleasure of wearing old clothes that,have the appearance of new, in'conjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you..A phone brings us.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 Home Phone 169 2Ontona.Even now few people perfectly real- jIze the beneficial effect thal, thisvegetable has on the system', and ItIs too often Ignored on account ofits pungency of flavor and smell. Awell-boiled Spanish onion will inducesleep when most other things fail,and on this account alone it shouldfrequently form a supply dish for thebrain-weary man or woman of business.Tragedy of Childhood.Nothing is more despicable than todeceive a child in any way. Their plastic young minds receive and hold Impressions that we can never eradicate,try we ever so liard. In spite of allthe grownups can say the little onesneyer feel the same love and respectfor those who have deceived them.Even careless funmaking may leavethe scar which nothing can quite eradicate. Do not break a promise to achild, and do not lie to it. even in -fun,for the great tragedy of childhood isto lose faith.MARGOLEN'S0FreshFishOf All KindDressed to OrHerFree of Charee LHarsh Parallel.'Remember when we werekids? Remember you liked to play with me better than with anybody else?" Themillionaire was not effusive. "Wehave queer tastes when we're young,"he observed. "I remember I used tolike to play with 'toads." Louisville '.Courier-Journal..Easy Thing to Decide.Any man may know whether lie iswise or foolish. If he is wise he canlearn .somethingeven from a fool.. If-he is a fooL he won't learn venfroma wise man.MflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketCAHAL BROS,- About . once' a, week a girl of 16 isapt' to. meetthe onlyman she. eye?loved. -' 'F " -"BARBER 'SHOPPrompt andCourteous,PatratM.Attend -9P?!? "HOT UTD GOLD 1SaCSL-' V JJ- y" ftm'VSW l-JN.,csTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, K Y.FRIDAY, TMBRVAMY I, 11.iioraH au; ' "vt HEWS OE WOJUaTSWOEK.-niTESESTING TOCLTJB, WOMEK. .-.' iThe Seventh District Convention'of the Kentucky Pederation of WomVn's Clubs will be held in Winchester, 'on next Tuesday, February12Jttf. The Paris Clubs will send alarge nd representative delegationto a the meeting, which promises tob one. of the nost enjoyable of recast years. The following programwfll'be observed:. PROGRAM:February 12, 1918 Miss Ada MayCromwell District Chairman; MissMfxy Crutcher District Secretary..Morning Session 10 : 0 0 InvocationMrs. W. H. Garnett;' 10:00"America;" 10:25 Address of Welcome Miss Rosa Justice; 10:40Response Mrs. Fannie Summers, ofthe' Georgetown Civic Club ; 1 0 : 5 5"What We Did For Belgium" MissRebecca Averill, State Chairman ofPhilanthropy; 11T10 "What theEeducational Department is About"Mrs. Evan Reese, of Louisville:"Women a Factor in World-wideDemocracy" Prof. H. M. Bettenhauser; 11:40 Club Reports; 12:30Luncheon served by WinchesterClubs.Afternoon Session 1:30 ClubSong, "Forward, Old Kentucky"V40 Round Table Greetingsfrom all Club Presidents; 2:10Address "All Together" Mrs. Lafon Riker, Acting President Kentucky Federation; 2:30 Address"Art; To-day" Mrs. Frank Lowry,State Chairman of Art, Paris; 2:45Address "The One Great Cause"Mrs. E. Li. Hutchison, PresidentEqual Rights League, Lexington;2:00 Address "Women's Liberty Loan" Mrs. Donald McDonald, State Chairman Woman's Liberty Loan Committee, Louisville:3:40 Address "Women's Council of National Defense" Mrs.Chas. E. Weaver; 4:00 Address"The Cross We Wear" Miss LidaHafford; 4:20 Club Reports; 4:45Adjournment.-m mPARISr GRAND OLD MAN..Ninety-one years ago, or in figures,; on February 6, 1827, to beexact, Mr. George W. Davis, Paris'grand old man, first saw the lightof day. Those ninety-one year-;have, been full of cares and trials,but, sustained by an integrity beyond rep roach, and by an inheritedChristian character, he has comethrough them unscathed, and today stands as one of the most highly-respectedmen in" the community.On last Wednesday, Mr. Davis,who has been "confined to his homeon High street, celebrated his.ninety-first birthday quietly, lrttnmembers of his familyHe is in excellent health andgood spirits, his mental faculties-mre,acute, and he keeps track oflocal and National affaire with anunderstanding born of a keen intellect. He is the oldest" undertakerin the United States, having beenin the business seventy-two years.If any young man of Paris mightwish himself a good wish, it is ourimpression that he would say: "Iwish I might live as clean and ashonorable a life as has Mr. Geo. W.Davis, and that I might grow oldas gracefully with the certainknowledge he has of another reward' in another world than this!"ADDITIONAL CONTRIBUTIONS TOY. W. C. A. WAR FUND.The following contributions to'War Relief Fund Campaign of theYoung Women's Christian Association has been reported, supplementing ,the list previously published."Miss Margaret Lenihan, Robt. M.Gilkey, J. O. Marshall, Louis T. Lilleston, Wjm. F. Talbott, Wm. G. McClnTtock, Judge George Batterton,F. F. Burris, D. C. Lisle, JamesLiter, Mrs. Harriet Minaker, Prof.E. M. Costello, Wm. H. Webb, WmM. Taylor, John N. Shropshire, Jno.T. Redmon, Bryan Robbins, Mis.M&bff Robbins, G. E. Hanks andEmmett Crump.XOCAL OIL COMPANY TO BEGINDRILLING.Mr, James H. Moreland has returned 'from EstilL county, where hehas .been spending several days onthe J. G. Rogers lease, superintending "work for the Bourbon Oil & Development Company, of Paris. Mr.' Morerland says they will begin drilling a well on the lease within thenext few days, and expect to get agood producer.The same company has an extensive acreage in Elliott county, upon'which, they expect to drill wells assoon-as the weather conditions willpermit moving in their new StardrillijMl machine."MUTT & JEFF'S DIVORCE."Tlieflrst pick of the new croppfchorus" girls appears to have beengrabbed, by the management of theMufffc Jeff Company, according toall reports. Nothing equaling theaverage youth and beauty of thefemimlne auxiliary singing anddancing ensembles of the productionhas ao far been seen this season,according to expert newspaperoimioa.Ain other cities. The attracfins i listed for aDnearance here onTkunftftJi February 14, at the ParisGrand oW House. yTRIBUTE TO POPULAR AND EFHCENT OFFICIAL., One of the most popular and capable young men in Bourbon countyis Mr. Wm. H. Webb, who fills theoffice of Clerk of the Bourbon Circuit Court. .Mr. Webb began hiscareer as carrier of the CincinnatiEnquirer in Paris at the age of sixteen. Thursday's Courier- Journal publishes a fine half-tone likeness ofMr. Webb, with theaccompanyingsketch, which" is- but a modest estimate of his real' worth:"Starting his business career as anewsboy when 16 years old, Wm.H. Webb, of Paris, after serving hispatrons faithfully and satisfactorilyfor six years, attending school inthe meantime, advanced to the position of confidential bookkeeper for aleading Paris firm, a position whichhe held for twenty-five years. Recognizing his abilities he was induced by friends to make the race forClerk o the Bourbon Circuit Court,to which office he was elected for atem of six years, and at the expiration of his term was re-elected without opposition. His success in lifeis practically due to the fact thatthe same careful attention to themost minute details of his office asCircuit Clerk and in his position asbookkeeper was given to the saleand delivery of his newspapers. Hismotto through life has been "Thatwhich is worth doing at all is worthdoing well.' Mr. Webb is a firstcousin of Mrs. Richard Trabue, of-Louisville." rPARIS SOLDIER RECIPIENT OFSWEATER WRITES LETTERA Paris boy in the army servicein Texas, who recently received ahandsomely knitted sweater, in amass of Red Cross shipments fromIllinois, in which the name and address of the woman who knitted thesweater was enclosed, writes her aletter. The Streator, Illiois, Times,has the following:"Mrs. Elizabeth SOulsby, of 504East Stanton street, has receivedthe following grateful letter from asoldier lad who found her namepinned to a sweater she had knittedfor the Red. Cross:"San Antonio, Tex., Jan. 18."Mrs. Elizabeth Soulsby, UnknownFriend:"Having found your address in aRed Cross sweater which was givenme this morning, and wishing tothank you for it, I take this pleasure to write jTou. As I guess yonwould like to know my name andsomething of .my duty while in thearmy.My name is Alex R. Davis, of328 Aero Squd., stationed at SanAntonio, Texas. My duty Is motormechanic on aeroplane motors. Ihave a sister belonging to the RedCross, and she lives at Sherdon, 111.My home is-Paris, Kentucky,"This camp is named Camp Kelly,and is the biggest flying field in theUnited States, having over onethousand training planes and 6,509officers training to .be officers."I wish again to thank you for thesweater and the noble interest- the.American women are taking in thegreat struggle wmen inreatens ourown dear country and our home."I mean to do all that is in mypower to do my work properly anrtby so doing I will be doing my bit.I am proud to say that out of mysalary I am "paying over half backto government for Liberty Bonds.Wjell, that is bragging, so really Imust close-"Thanking you again for thispresent, I remain an unknownsoldiei friend."ALEX R. DAVIS,"328 Aero Sqdn.,"San Antonio, Tex."jqie mB-4 FIREInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,AgtsHAVE NARROW ESCAPE WHENHOME BURNS.! J. H. Day and family, who havebeen living on the farm of R. P.Taylor, on the Mt. Sterling pike.i about 4 miles from Winchester, hada narrow escape from death about31 o'clock Tuesday night, whentheir home and all its contents wereburned. The family, consisting ofMr. and Mrs. Day, a daughter, MissGladys, and two sons, Kash andCurtis Day, were able to make goodtheir escape, clad only in theirnight clothes. Several members ofthe family were forced to walkbarefooted on the ice.m m mFire, Wind and Lightninginsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan,m mSTATE FUEL HEADS MUST CONSULT ADMINISTRATORGARFIELD.State Fuel Administrators havbeen notified by the fuel administration that they must cease exceeding their authority in issuingwithout instructions from Washington general orders restricting theuse of coal.The admonition was called forthby the fact that some administrators have enforced- the Monday closing order in a manner more drasticthlan was intended by the government, and because of conflicting instructions issued to consumers...STATEv CHAIRMAH'S REPORTSHOWS BOURDONS WORK.How the women of Paris andBourbon county, working throughthe Bourbon County Women's Council of Defense the Red Cross, andother kindred" organizations, coordinated for war service, have risen to the occasion in every instancewhen the call came to assist theGovernment in the prosecution " ofthe war, is told in the report of thewar work of Kentucky women submitted by Mrs. Helen Bruce, of Louisville, Chairman of the Women'sState Council vof Defense. The following is the report of Bourboncounty's work in the service:"Bourbon County, Chairman, Mrs.Panniebelle Sutherland, Paris. Reginstration work retarded by the sudden and continued illness of thechairman appointed for that purpose, but is now going forwardPublicity and conservation of foodhave received adequate attention.The newspapers have co-operatedwith the Women's Committee. Women promoted and successfully carried through a community Christmas service and are now appealingto the churches to have a unionservice on Sunday nights for theconservation of coal. Women continued Red Cross work throughoutthe Christmas season. Over 5,000articles or garments have been finished and 3,000 yards of outingflannel is in process of making up.In addition, 806 knitted articles orgarments have been made, including 280 sweaters and 210 pairs ofsocks. Surgical dressings, muslinand gauze, have been made to thenumber 2,211. Red Cross in thecounty numbers 2,300 members. Inthe Liberty Loan campign, thecounty exceeded its allotment of$100,000 by 33 1-3 per cent. Thewomen raisedof this sum $197,500,or 66 per cent, of apportionment,and practically 50 per cent, ofamount secured. Food card pledgecampaign resulted in 2,976 signatures, or 75 per cent, of allotment.Educational work has been thorough and all lines of Defense workare being looked after."RULINGS OF U. S. FOOD ADMINISTRATION. Retailers, millers and other dealers in towns and cities shall notsell to individual consumers morethan twenty-four pounds of wheatflour or more than forty-eightpounds to rural customers.The gross maximum profit ofwholesalers of wheat flour shall notexceed seventy-five cents per barrel.The gross profit exacted by retail dealers on original mill pack-'jages of wheat flour shall not exceedone dollar to one dollar and twentycents per barrel, depending uponthe character of service performedby giving credit or frequent deliveries. Where retailers sell wheatuour in less than original mill packages, the gross profit should not exceed one cent per pound.Any profits in excess of those orin excess of those obtained in prewar times will be considered causefor investigation.Substitutes for wheat flour to besold either individually or as paitof the fifty-fifty combination saleswith wheat flour, shall be sold atnot more than a reasonable advanceover actual purchase price of theparticular food sale without regardto market or replacement value atthe time of such sale.WHY NOT ESTABLISH OLD BLUELAWS.The Court of Appeals has decidedthat for i each employe engaged inoperating a picture show on Sunday,moving picture theatre proprietorsmay be fined $50 under Section1321, Kentucky Statutes, prohibiting anything but work of necessityor charity and some specific exceptions on Sunday. This opinion washanded down by Court of Appeals,in affirming the Franklin CircuitCourt, which fined the Capital Theatre Company -$51 for operating onSunday at Frankfort.iammCOUNTY TEACHERS ASSOCIATION TO MEET HERETO-MORROW.The Teacher's Association is requested to meet in the County Superintendent's office, Saturday, Feb.9, at 10 o'clock, a. m.The first five chapters of Turner'sTeaching to Read will be discussed.You will receive your money formonth finished if you have your report signed by your subdistricttrustee.Have an opportunity for service byneiping mr. raton nil out irom theQuestionaires the index classifications as requested of you by ourPresident.And receive instructions on theThrift Stamps and the War SavingStamps.It is very important that you attend this meeting. ,J. B. CAYWOOD,County Superintendent.MEETING POSTPONED.The meeting of the' BourbonCounty Health and Welfare Leae-nescheduled for yesterday at the couUhmisp wne TmctTriH until 'ujvdate. The League will have abirthday celebration on February19, when, an appropriate -Droerramwill be presented., .Reports of thesale of Red Cross Seals will be madeat mis meeting.. ..4 -HOOVER SAYS PRICE OF FLOURMUST KEEP DOWN.. Unwarranted price increases Inwheat flour substitutes will not bepermitted. The food administratorhas given warning to dealers thatthey must not take advantage oftemporary sliortage in othe cerealsbrought on by the heavy demandthe new baking regulations havecaused.Many complaints have reachedFood Administrator Hoover thatdealers in the " substitutes alreadyhave begun to lift their prices."Mills of the country," said MrvHoover, "are prepared to meet thegreater demand of housewives andbakers for other cereals during thenext few months. Lack of transportation is the only factor that willstand in the way of proper distribution throughout the country."At least one of the substitutesis prqduced in quantity In almostevery part of the country. If anyshortages occur they will be local.The supply of substitute is ampleto meet our needs and it is confidently expected that with the freermovement" of grain to the mills andof the finished jroduct to the consumer lower prices than those nowprevailing will result.""EXTENSION TO AGRICULTURALSURVEY GRANTED TO FEB. 15I gave notice some days ago of anagricultural survey through theteachers, and I am sure a great-manyfarmers must have forgotten, oreither neglected to respond asheartily as they should. The time setto finish this work was Jan. 28, buton account of obstacles, especiallythe weather, the time has been extended for me to get this report inby Feb. 15. This being true I wantto urge,the farmers to make a veryearnest effort to send me this reportin by the first of next week. If youhave received no blank write me andI will mail one at once. If you care,to come to my office would be alright.This is meant for every farmoperator or owner in the county thathas under his control a whole farm.The owner or operator gives in thetenant's part of the farm in order toavoid duplication.Upon the farmer depends, morethan almost any other group ofcitizens, the final victory of America.These problems are so great and sonumerous that there is need of consultation and co-operation among farmers, in order that the proper solution may be evolved in a practicalway, and that a method may be foundto bring to farmers that knowledgethat will fit them to understand andsolve these problems, both at the pollsand in conjunction with and by demands upon public officials.To fill out one of these blanks willrequire practically none of yourtime and is purely voluntary, patrioticservice which every farmer will beonly to glad to do if he will stop tothink just what it means. Wont youplease respond at once and- do justiceto a worthy cause? The reward asolution to the labor situation by thegovernment and the consciousness ofdoing your bit to "make the worldsafe for Democracy." Other coun-i ties are responding gladly why, not.Bourbon? J."B. CAYWOOD,County Superintendent.151 IBSA WARNING.The following warning notice hasbeen authorized for publication bythe police department of the cityof Paris and the local Council of Defense, as a means of local self-defensein times of war:"It is the duty of every loyalAmerican to be on the alert forspies and disloyal people. Keep youreyes and ears open. Take nothingfor granted. Energy and alertnessmay be the means of saving thelives of your son, brother, or husband, and perhaps others."The enemy is engaged in makingwar in this country, in transmittingnews to Berlin, and is spreadingpeace propaganda, as well as liesabout the condition and morale ofthe American military forces."Whenever any suspicious act ordisloyal word comes to your notice,communicate at once with the Parispolice department, either phone No.13, or with the Sheriff of Bourboncounty, or any other regularly constituted guardian of the law. Thisis imperative."Administrator's Sale-OF-Bank Stock!The undersigned administrator ofJohn W. Tanner, will, onSATURDAY, FEB. 16, 1918,at the Court House door in Paris,Ky.t beginning about U a, m., expose to public sale the followingbank stock, to-wit:1st Fifteen shares of the CapitalStock of the Bourbon -AgriculturalBank & Trust Co.2nd Ten shares of the CapitalStock of the First National Bank,Paris, Kentucky.TERMS Said sale will be madeupon credits of six months, purchasers to execute bond with goodsurety to be approved by the undersigned hearing interest from dateuntil paid, at the rate of '6 per cent,per annum, or purchaser pay payBOURBON AGRICULTURAL BANK& TRUST 60.,As Administrator of -Jnj.,--W. Tan- ner.. Deceased... - - . -. o - - 'k "v.FRANK&GO, 4Store Closed on MondaysIn pursuance of order of the Governmentour store will be closed on Mondays.ON ACCOUNT OF THE VERY SEVEREWEATHER WE WILL CONTINUE OURCLEARANCEUNTIL ALL REMNANTS AND BARGAINS .OFFERED ARE SOLD.. SPECIALON ALL .' , -.- suits y. ::COATS f:1 and ,DRESSESWe advise the purchase of all needs as earlyas possible, as prices continue to advance.FRANKPublic Sale of Handsome Residence!I will sell- at public auction,Friday, February 15, 1918, -at 2 p. m., my residence, situated on Houston Avenue. House contains:seven rooms, two halls, three presses, linen press, toilet on first floorand bath complete on second floor. jUtic over entire second floor; fittedup and can be used as bed room and store room. Cellar under entirehouse, hot air furnace ;electric lights and piped for gas. Front andback yard, grape arbor, garden and chicken yard. Stable with, threebox stalls, buggy shed, drive through center of stable and feed, room.Lot 87x317 feet, all fenced.This is a splendid opportunity to secure a magnificent house, located in an excellent neighborhood.TERMS One-third cash, balance in two equal payments of oneand two years. Deferred notes to bear interest at the rate of 6 per'cent.For further information call on HARRIS & SPEAKES.(feb8"12) MRS. S. M. WHMOTH.BLUE GRASS FARMAt auction !On Thursday,at 11 o'clock, we will sell, on the premises, the E. P. Gorhamfarm, located on the Old Union and Newtown Road, about onemile from Newtown Station, and containing 165 acres. About100 acres of this farm ia in wheat and the balance is in grass. Itwill be sold in" two tracts, as follows:'. No. 1. Contains 100 acres, on-which is a comfortabletwo-story frame residence containing 7 rooms,two tobacco barns, tenant house and other -" v buildings. Also plenty of good water.No. 2. Contains 65 acres unimproved, with abeautiful building site near the pike. ,Both of these tracts have a good road frontage, and the farm,is admirably located, being near churches, school and railroadstation. AThis farm will be sold on very liberal terms, to be announcedat time'bf sale. Possession given March 1st. Inspection may bemade of the place at any time.SECURITY TRUST COMPANY(feb83t)c'-;- - JLtxinfttn, Ky. - -rPRICESx& CO.on the premises, onFebruary 19thS1-rl4-MreDe-J.; .vs ?v?3,- "rFRIDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1918.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY. ? -..;. S -UbBMtFpT ;TJ1C-?X"TSW,w-"vrFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEFALLS ON ICE; HAS BROKENARM.Mrs. J. W. Waterfleld, wife of theformer Superintendent of the ParisDistilling Co., fell on the icy pavement" at her home on South Mainstreet Wednesday morning, breaking her right arm.RED CROSS SEALS.All those who helped in the recentsale of Red Cross Seals are urged toturn in the money to the -properlyauthorized persons at once, as thesociety desires -to make a final settlement. This is a very urgentmatter, and it is hoped there will bea ready and quick response.'ps s leiALLEN ENEMIES REGISTEREDChief of Police Link conducted aregistration at the Postoffice Wednesday of alien enemies in this city.Finger print identifications weremade. Owing to an order receivedby telegraph Chief Link could notgive out any information regardingthe number or names of such parties so registered.JUST FIFTY.Twenty-five overcoats representing values to $25, are placed in onegreat lot for $15.50; twenty-fiveovercoats representing values to$18, are placed in one great lot for$10.50. Must we urge you tohurry?TWIN BROS.' CLOTHING ANDSHOE DEPARTMENT.619 Main Street, Paris, Ky.(5-2t)ANOTHER HOLIDAY.Next Tuesday will be a legal holiday, being the anniversary of thebirthday of Abraham Lincoln, theGreat Emancipator. The banksand postoffice will be closed. Following closely on the heels of Sunday and "Fuelless Monday," Tuesday will make three holidays insuccession.NEW FIRM.A new firm, composed of Mr. JohnW. Yerkes and Mr. Dan C. Peed,both connected with the Farmersand Traders' Bank, of Paris, hasentered into the insurance field inParis, to transact a general insurance business. They will have anoffice in the Farmers' & TradersBank, at the corner of Main andSixth streets.NOTICE TO BUSINESS HOUSES.So long as the Monday closingorder is in effect, it is the purposeof the Government to have all business houses closed for businesspurposes except handlers of fuel,drugs, food stuffs and emergencywork. Drug stores, pool rooms andgroceries are forbidden to sell cigars and tobacco or any .merchandise whatever except for medicineor for food. The penalty for violation of this order is very severe.J. H. THOMPSON,Chairman Bourbon County FuelCommission.WHEELER'S BIG SALE.Beginning Thursday, February14, our .bigger and better Februaryand March Sale will start withthe many things we have put onour floors for the big sale. Tenyears ago we began on the 14th ofFebruary our first February andMarch sale, and each succeedingyear we have more than doubledour sales. But this year we aregoing to make this sale more thandouble that of any other sale wehave ever had. By your help andwith the many new things we havesale will mean a great saving toyou.Remember the date, Februaryuntil March 31.A. F. WHEELER & CO.,(8-lt) Chas. Green, Manager.. nsHAVE NARROW ESCAPE WHENAUTO SKIDS.A skidding auto came near causing a seriou accident recently forMr. and Mrs. Frank P. White, whoreside on their farm on the Lexington pike, near Paris. vMr. and Mrs. White were en routeto Paris in thea auto and had justleft the entrance gate as the 8:15Lexington-Paris interurban carcame along. The ice-covered groundcaused the auto to skid, as Mr.White hastily applied the emergency brakes. The car skidded on theinterurban track, and wa struckby the interurban car, being hurleda distance of fifteen feet. The autowas badly damaged. Mrs. Whiter-escaped injury, but Ms White sus-tained cuts and bruises about thehead and shoulders.Medical aid was summoned, andthe interurban men took Mr. andMrs. White to their home. Thewrecked machine was brought infor repairs. Thecrew of the interurban car were exonerated from"blame, sx the accident -was clearlywmavoiid&ble.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.timings and Goings of OurFcople Here, There andElsewhere.Mrs. Earl Culbertson continuesvery ill -at her home on South Malastreet.Miss Edna Huffman returned toher home in Covington, Wednesday,after a visit to friends and relativesin Paris.Mr. Charles Shea arrived Wednesday from Cincinnati, for a visitto his mother, Mrs. Ellen Shea, andfamily, on Walker avenue.The eleventh birthday of herniece, Miss Julia Lavin, was madea festive occasion by her aunt, MiS3Mollie Lavin, at her home on Eighthstree last Saturday. An old-fashionedcandy pulling occupied thecenter of the stage. The guestswere Misses Marjorie Trisler, Mabel Connell, Josephine Doyle, Martha Connell, Julia Walsh, TootsieWoods, Billie Craven, Gilbert Lavin,Julia Lavin, "Sarah Bradley andRuby Hall.(Other Personals on Page 3)REAL ESTATE DEALS AND LANDSALES.The two-story brick building onSouth Main street, occupied ,as agarage by Mr. Ed. Taylor, was soldat public sale Monday, by Mr. Samuel Clay and Mr. B. A. Hancock,agents for the owners, heirs of thelate Mrs. James E. Clay. Mr. J.Miller Ward bought the propertyfor $5,825.Mr. Sam Williams purchased ofMr. Breck Henry the farm knownas the Matt Lair place, containingabout 135 acres, located on theClay & Kiser pike, for $160 petacre. Mr. Lair sold the farm sometime ago to Mr. Henry for $142.50per acre. The purchaser will begiven possession in March.Two houses and lots in Millersburg, belonging to-the estate of the"late Miss Bettie Vimont, were soldat public sale Tuesday by the administrator, Mr. Edward Ingels, ofMillersburg. A two-story framehouse on Trigg street was purchasedfor $3,275 by Mr. Kader Burroughs,and a brick residence adjoining wassold to Mr. Luther Leggett for $3,710. Auctioneer M. F. Kenney sold yesterday for Garrett and William Linville, executors of H. V. Linville,deceased, the farm of about fiftynine acres, located on the RuddlesMills and Paris pike, about threemiles from Paris, to J. B. Caywood,for $200 per acre.NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.Effective with new time table,Sunday, February 10, trains Nos25 and 30, on the L. & N., betweenParis and Cynthiana, and Nos. 18and 19, between Lexington andMaysville, will be discontinued.W. V. SHAW, Agent.PIPE LINE BREAK REPAIRED;STEADY PRESSURE ASSUREDAssurance has been given patronsof the Central Kentucky NaturalGas Co., which supplies Paris, thatthere will be a steady and amplepressure from now on.A temporary six-inch connectionhas been completed to replace theten-inch main, which was washedaway by the flood In West Virginiaseveral days ago, and which thecompany believes will give the necessary relief to Central Kentuckyconsumers until premanent repairscan be made. The recent shortagewas entirely due to a washout inthe West Virginia field caused byflood conditions and could not havebeen guarded against or preventedby the company in any way.mt Hj 1GOVERNMENT WANTS MECHANICS. Under this head appears in thisissue of THE NEWS an advertisement sent by the National Councilof Defense to Mr. A. B. Hancock, ofParis, Chairman of the BourbonCounty branch of that organization.The men who are selected by theGovernment will not be sent to anycertain shipyard, but will be heldin reserve for urgent Governmentwork as they are needed. They willbe paid the very best wagespandhoused in comfortable quarters.Read the advertisement in thisissue.SAVE THE SCRAPS. ,A few days ago a Paris restaurant man communicated with theState Food Administrator in regardto the wasj,e which naturally ac:cumulates from day to day atji restaurant. He cited the fact that hewould probaly have some articles offood left from one day to anotherand asked if he would be compelledto destroy this food stuff so leftover from the preceding dajHe received an answer from the FoodAdministrator urging upon him thatnot a scrap of food be permitted togo to waste, but that it be utilizedin some way.WHY DON'T HE?Editor Desha Breckinridge, of theLexington 'Herald, has wired President Wilson asking that Secretaryof War Baker, be removed from'office. Wonder why he didn't wirethe German Kaiser, asking him tostop the war? Grant County News,THE GOVERNMENT WANTS MECHANICS FOB SERVICE'In this issue of THE NEWS appears - an advertisement settingforth the desire of the Governmentto secure a large number of mechanics for the service. In Jhe faiththat labor is ready to do its share,the Department of Labor has created as a part of its official organization, but with no compulsion on itsmembers, the United States PublicService Reserve. If its plans succeed no form of compulsion will benecessary, and the war labor problem will be solved with the leastpossible disturbance of existing industry. The Government wants all classesof men in the Reserve professionalmen, artisans, laborers of all kinds.Men especially needed are mechanics, skilled laborers of all kind whocan work with tools. There isgreat need for such men now. Onlymen who are really able and readyto respond when an opportunityfor service comes, are asked to enroll. When the Reserve sets out toget men for the Government itmerely notifies those of its memberswho seem qualified telling themall about the job, the wages, andternis of employment. The individual member may take it or leave it,as he likes.Mechanics who desire to assistthe Government in this way, shouldregister with Mr. Buckner Woodford, Jr., at the Bourbon-Agricultural Bank & Trust Company, corner of Main and Fourth streets,Paris.GovernmentWantsMechanicsU. S. Government must have menfor ship building. It needs mechanics, riveters, iron-workers, painters,blacksmith and carpenters. Standard wages paid, housing furnishedtransportation from a distance.Register with Buckner Woodford,Jr., Bourbon Bank, Paris, Ky.(5-4t)THE FAIR"TIME IS MONEY." .if wisely used; and there's no moreprofitable way to use your timethan to read the Money Saving Values we offer youFREE FOR SATURDAY 1JEXT.A beautiful set of Semi PorcelainiDecorated Plates, Cups and Saucers, Meat Dishes, Covered Dishes,Etc., a Handsome Picture of MarthaWashington on every piece, onepiece given away free with onepound of Our Celebrated PennantCoffee at 35 cents a pound. If notsatisfied with its wonderful valueat the price, return the bag to usand get your money back.A bargain "in 3-cornered saw files,worth 10 cents each, at 5 cents,granite iron coffee pots, or tea pots,4-cup size, each 15 cents; granitewash basins, extra deep, 13 inchesacross the top, 25 cent size at 15cents; ivory soap, 4 bars, 25 cents;China eggs, (large size) 3 for 5cents; wonderful values in wall paper room lots, to close out cheap;hat frames, each 8 cents; ironingboards, 59 cents; toilet paper,special 6 rolls for 25 cents.THE FAIRJM!JustReceivedAShipmentofQ. R.S.PlayerRollsDaughertyBros.Liv&.--BtUiltMVIllll1llllllIMMlMll.lMlMt,AVMfflKaMj!fl!JiFINALCLEARANCELadies'Skirts,Suits$20. 00 values now$25.00 values now$35.00 values now$35.00 values now$45.00 values now$50.00 values nowOur Entire Stock ofBEAUTIFUL MILLINERYAT HALF PRICE4Furs$5.00 values now10.00 values now. . ,115.00 values now120.00 values nowfll.00 values now130.00 values nowHARRY SIMONiwiwZaw&W weSJffiMllUMEiiUFebruary and March SiloNow is the Time to Get ThatLIBRARY TABLEAt a Big Saving$45.00 Library Tables, sale price $36,00$40.00 Library Tables, sale price 32. OO$35.1)0 Library Tables, sale prie 28.00$27.50 Library Tables, sale price 22.00$20.00"Llbrary Tables, sale price 1 6.00$18.00 Library Tables, sale price 1 4.40$15.00 Library Tables, sale price . 1 2.00No Goods Charged at 20 Per Cent.No Stamps.TflEJ.T.HINTOJ!fCO.MOTOR HEARSECETHEJRPHONE36of Our Entire Stock ofSuits, Coats, DressesFurs and Millinery$ 1 0.OO12.501 5.00N 1 7.5022.5025.00$20.00 values$25.00 values$30.00 values$35.00 values$45.00 values$50.00 values$ 2.505.007.501 0.OO12,501 5.00iweWewiAttend Ourand Save MoneyMOTOR INVALID COACH,., i 'i aBatsaleSet3:" j-Coatsnow $ 1 0.OOnow .-. 1 2.50now 1 5,00now 1 7.50now ' 22.50now 25.00SkirtsBEAll the remainder of our stock of"Women's Dress Skirts now go at justHALF THE PRICE for which they formerly sold.Regular $5 to $15 valuesSale Price $2.50 to $7,50itSBlETfenWhen we have asale we give thebest bargains it ispossible for you fafind any where. Yoncan save 20 percent, on any articlein our stock.See the bargains we areoffering In our Big CaslrSale inRugsMattingsLinoleumsBuy now and have delivered when wanted.Discount and NoUNDERTAKINGSITH AND MAIN STS.- f 'rXii Jr ,A -., t.. 2 - s - - -,ab& fax- V ' -- -x--i-JtrJ- .r!-.-." -- -SLtita? -'- ," r. . --. " '- ..v . , ... - . --- - , - r - , - ".-.- - , m - ., J-X. -. , -. , . - . -toe BODRBOM lEWSr PAK1S, Kff" T .?T V -' r" -1. -" t. rtsKU tfMUo'... k - - . t Jkiji.. t -XM i - i. " K. ' TC- i. " lr- . f 5 , - - .. "iJ8"H-&'iIr -:5jTHE TOBACCO KABKETS.(Continued from Page 1)Bourbon WarehouseTuesday, Feb. 5.The Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCompny sold Tuesday 146,163pounds of very medium, grade tobacco for a total of $42,323.41, anaverage of , $28.95 per hundred.pounds. The grade, averages werofully maintained and the sale was amost satisfactory one to the growers, it being considered one of thevery best sales held this seasonjine louowmg crop averages werereported:Mary Mason sold 945 pounds oftobacco for an average of $36.83per hundred pounds.Wiggins & Medlin sold 2,280pounds for an average of $30.32per .hundred pounds.Letton & Mclntyre sold 1,650pounds for an average of $31.87 perhundred pounds. --Alverson & Earlywine sold 4,190pounds for an average of $29.04 perhundred pounds.Rogers & Summers sold 3,080pounds for an average-of $29.98 perhundred pounds.Burke, rent & McDuffey sold11,030 pounds for an average of$31.52 per hundred pounds.Buckner & Hutsell sold 1,485pounds for an average of $34.75 perhundred pounds.Fister & Clayton sold 1,485pounds for an average of $32.79 perhundred pounds.Hadden & Edgington sold 2,825pounds tor an average of $33.34 perhundred pounds.Lkyson & Dwelly sold 2,940pounds for an average of $30.90 per.hundred pounds.Redmon & Brannock sold 3,040pounds for an average of $36.25 perhundred pounds.Bryan & Beatty sold 3,130pounds for an average of $31.44 perhundred' pounds.Fitzgerald & 'Happy sold 4,325pounds for an average of $31.11 perliundred pounds.. Mrs. W. B. Woodford & Bristowold 5,570 pounds for an average of38.83 per hundred pounds.Wiedemann & Patterson soldi2,980 pounds for an average of$29.70 per hundred pounds.Clay & Tobin sold 4,750rounds for an average of $28.39 perhundred pounds.Grimes & Reffett sold 2,570pounds for an average of $41.35 perhundred pounds.C. B. Cox sold 5,180 pounds foran average of $29.13 per hundredpounds.Collins & Wilson sold 1,845pounds for an average of $34.68 perliundred pounds.Woodford & Kerr sold 2,403pounds for an average of $29.63 perhundred pounds.Roseberry & Carmichael. sold3,225 pounds lor an average of$32.01 per hundred pounds.Rash & Stewart sold 5,460 poundsfor an average of $32.03 per hundred pounds.Hancock & Thompson sold 2,560pounds for an average of $35.81 per!hundred pounds.Buchannan Bros, sold 2,095INDEPENDENTTobacco Warehouse CompanyDAILY SALESExcept Mondays and Saturdaysrf ,.The Independent Tobacco Warehouse Co,pounds for an average of $32:36 perhundred pounds.Layson & Derrickson sold 3,165pounds for an average of$34.73 perhundred pounds.Independent WarehouseTuesday, Feb. 5.The Independent Tobacco Warehouse-Company had a most satisfactory sale of tobacco Tuesday, attheir warehouse on South MaiaStreet. The floor contained 148,515pounds of mediu,m grade tobaccothat brought $41,755, an average of$28.11 per hundred pounds. Gradeprices were fully maintainedthroughout the sale. The followingcrop averages were reported:McCray & Berrymon sold 1,480pounds for an average of $28.80 perliundred pounds.J. H. Bell sold 8,030 pounds foran average of $35.21 per hundredpounds. "Ewalt & Kenton sold 3,790 poundsfor an average of $31.65 per hundred pounds.Howard & Fowler sold 4,255pounds for an average of $27.90 perhundred pounds.Baldwin & Banta sold 2,780pounds for an average of $25.42 pehundred pounds.Ward & Dray sold 5,815 poundsfor an average of $26.22 per hundred pounds.Archie Gaum sold 2,575 poundsfor an average of $27.23 per hundred pounds.Clatk & Garrison sold 8,335pounds for an average xf $28.42 pechundred pounds.A. '0. Rebertson sold. 1,730 poundsfor an average of $29.22 per hundred pounds.George A. Keller sold 4,140pounds for an average "of $32.05 perhundred pounds.Ward & Dray sold 2,660 poundsfor an average of $34 per hundredpounds.Whaley, Clark & Harney sild2,550 pounds for an average of$38.61 per liundred pounds.Geo. B. Leads sold 2,465 poundsfor an average of $31.27 per hundred pounds.Turney STSmith sold 6,790'poundjfor an average of $31.44 per hundred pounds.Harding & Green sold 2,285pounds for an average of $32.12 perhundred pounds.Marr & Johnson sold 2,550pounds for an average of $30.01 pchundred pounds.Woodford & Hutsell sold 3,345pounds for an average of $34.50 perhundred pounds.Peed, Allen & Purcell sold10,690 pounds for an average of$26.58 per hundred pounds.Peed, Allen & Casey sold 9,650pounds for an average of $28.14 perhundred pounds.Redmond. & Cummins sold 3,860pounds for an average of $27.07 perhundred pSiinds.Thomason. Burris & Faulknersold 3,240 pounds for an average of$33 per hundred pounds.Harding & Reid sold 4,245 poundsfor an average of $3154 per hunhundrend pounds.Boardman & Brelerly sold 1,675(Incorporated)PARIS, KENTUCKYWILL BEHELD- - .. r." a ,(boomxatti.)PARIS, KENTUCKYIpounds- for an,average of- $31.11 .perhundred pounds. . -- Myers & Dale sold 2,715 pomfor an average $34.58 per hundrecpounds.Wornall & Robinson sold 2,225pounds for an average of $25 perhundred pounds.Ward & Prather sold 4,480pounds for an average of $25.16 pcihundred pounds.CATAREHAL DEAFNESS CANNOTBE CUREDby local applications, as they cannotreach, the diseased portion of theear. There is only one way to durecatarrhal deafness, and that is byconstitutional remedy. Catarrhal,deafness is caused by an inflamedcondition, of the mucous lining ofthe eustachian tube. When thi3tube is inflamedyou have a rumbling sound or imperfect hearing, andwhen it is entirely closed, deafnessis the result. Unless the inflammation can be reduced and this tubrestored to its normal condition,hearing will be destroyed forever.Many cases of deafness are causedby catarrh, which is an inflamedcondition of the mucous surfaces.Hall's Catarrh Medicine actsthrough the blood on the mucoussurfaces of the system.We will give One Hundred Dollars for any case of Catarrhal Deafness that cannot be cured by Hall'sCatarrh Medicine. Circulars free.All Druggists, 75c.F. J. CHENEY, & CO.,Toledo, Ohio,(adv-feb)Id IbiOH, UNCLE BILL!On last Sunday evening while oneof the south-bound fast trains was'passing Fairstone, Uncle Bill Walden was standing so close to it thatthe suction of the air blew hi& hatoff his head, throwing it in frontof the train and cutting it intopieces. Better that it was the hatthan Uncle Bill. Lily Cor. London(Ky.) Sentinel.DREADFUL COUGH CURED.A severe cold is oftejt followedby a rough cough for which Chamberlain's Cough Remedy "fias' provenespecially valuable. Mrs."- F. W.Olsen, Marysville, Mo--, writes:"About two years ago my Httle boyJean caught a severe cold andcoughed dreadfully for days. I trieda number of cough medicines butnothing did him any good until Ieave him Chamberlain's CoughRemedy. It relieved his cough rightaway and before he had finishedtaking one bottle he was cured. Ithink it is just fine for children."(adv-feb)v tOur observation is that after agirl gets married she prefers onions to olives.. -,- -2& b"a Jftr jVb "WAR HAPPENINGS OF LOCALANB- GENERAL INTEREST.-LONDON, Feb. 7. The- SupremeVar Council, which piet at Ver.ailles, finds no approximation inhe German Chancellor's and theAustro-Hungarian Foreign Miniser"s speeches to the terms of theEntente Allies and has decided tocontinue the vigorous prosecution ofthe war until peace can be obtained "based on the principles of freedom, justice and respect for international law."This offlcial announcement wnsmade here Sunday night. A summary or the official report of theVersailles War Council says:"The council was unable to findin Von Hertling's and Czernin'srecent utterances any real approximation to the moderate conditionslaid down by the Allies' Governments. Under the circumstancesthe council decided that the onlytasK oetore them was the vigorousand effective prosecution of the waruntil ' the pressure produced achange in the temper of the enemyGovernments justifying the hopsof the conclusion of a peace basedon the principles of freedom, justiceand respect for international law."The council arrived at a complete unanimty of policy on measures for the prosecution of thewar."The Supreme War Council wasconvened Tuesday of last week at.Versailles, France, under the chairmanship of Georges Clemencean,the French Premier,, and ended Saturday. It had been forecasted thatthe council would be an importantone and that at it momentous decisions would be reached, both as regarded the prosecution of the warand the possibilities of peace.The United States was represented in the council by Gen. Tasker H.Bliss, chief of staff of the Americanarmy. For Great Britain the representatives were -Premier LloydGeorge and Maj. Gen. Sir HenryHughes Wilson, sub-chief of theBritish General Staff; for Italy,Premier Orlando, Foreign MinisterSonnino and Gen. Cadorna,xand forFrance, Foreign Minister Pichon,Gen. Ferdinand Foch, chief of staffof the Ministry of War, and Gen.Maximo Weygand.FARIS, Feb. 7. An official statement setting forth a resolution concerning the conduct of the war,which was adopted at the session ofthe Supreme War Council last week,will be issued in Paris, LondonjRome and Washington. PremierClemenceau, according to the PetitParisien, says the Entente Allieswere completely in accord and thatthe delegates were fully satisfiedwith the results of the conference.The Havas Agency says measureswhich are likely to exert great influence on the future conduct of thewar were adopted.WITH THE AMERICAN ARMX"IN FRANCE, Feb. 7. A Germanbarrage fire at sundown Saturdaynight opened the heaviest bombard -, JM 'IIThe BourbonTobacco Warehouse Co.PARIS, KENTUCKYHolds the Worlds Record for a Tobacco CropHaving Sold for Burroughs Bros., of Millersburg, 1810 Pounds of Tobatco,the Product of an Acre and a Quarter of Land, forAn Average of $49.62Prices by baskets follow 175 lbs. 38c; 105 bs. 40c; 125 lbs. 49c; 90 lbs 55c95 lbs. 50c; 170 lbs. 57c; 80 lbf. 55c, 90 lbs. 66c; 170 lbs. 51c; 165 lbs 55c55 lbs, 75c; 20 lbs. 58c; 75 lbs.47c; 80 lbs. 44c; 125 lbs. 36c; 90 lbs. 30c. A largeper cent, of this crop-was purchased by the American Tobacco Company.Some Other Good AverageSale Were .Buckley, Leer & Ransdale"Haskins & SonGraves & WagonerConnell & HerringtonHehr & Thomas.Ardery & Doyle.Burke, Brent & MinkBryan & BeattyBishop & CraycraftRoberts & Maher Bros.vBourbonTobaccoWarebouseCo.Holds Beside the Crop Record, the Market Record for Parisbavins sold 2,25;o95 pounds of tobacco for an .of J2T,5i-and this average was also above the averare. any-market in Kentucky. of.ment of many .days along the Amer-idan sector, the American artilleryreplying shell for shell as the firingof thje heavy guns spread along several kilometers -of front.Two Americans were killed andnine wounded during the bombardment, and one suffered-shell shock.It was ascertained Sunday thatthe American gunners wrecked several of the enemy dugouts and sobadly damaged the first line positions that at one point the Germans were unable to occupy thepiSunday.When the bombardment hadreached its greatest intensity theGermans suddenly concentratedtheir fire at two points, throwingabout 250 shells into a town inwhich the headquarters of a certainregiment are located and whichheretofore had been immune to enemy fire.After the bombardment a wounded American soldier was discoveredin a position whereat was necessaryto carry him over a trench top to afield dressing station . A medicalcorps (man displayed the Red Crossand the Germans ceased firing untilthe man was removed.Early in the day an Americanwas woundedby a sniper.WASHINGTON, Feb. 7. ProvostMarshal General Crowder, recentlyannounced that the movement, ofthe last increments of men selectedin the first draft will begin on February 23, and continue for a periodof five days. This will completothe operation of the first draft, asall States will have furnished theirfull., quotas.The movement will bring thestrength of the National Army up tothe 685,000 men contemplated inthe first draft.The numbers of men which willbe started to the cantonments onFebruary 23 are: Camp Devens.Mass, 6,575; Upton, N. Y., 7,500;Dix, N. J., 7,000; Meade, Maryland,6,000; Lee, Virginia, 3,000; Jackson, South Sarolina, 3,383 (negroes); Gordon, Georgia, 2,800.(negroes); Grant, Illinois, 5,000;Taylor, Kentucky, 6,284; Dodge,Iowa, 14,984; Funston, Kansas,2,332; Travis, Texas, 7,558; Pike,Arkansas, 2,000 (negroes.)Besides the regular portion contributory to Camp Devens and Upton, New York, will send to the former 2,521 men, and to the latter4,287- men, which were to have goneo Camp Dix. The reason given forthe change is that there is moreroom for them at Camps Devens andUpton. West Virginia will send1,520 men to Camp Meade insteadof to Camp Lee.Incidentally, we learn that HerbHoover is a Republican. Which, weimagine, goes a long way towardexplaining the animosity of Senator"Missouri Jim" Reed."Wealth doesn't bring true' happiness, but many a man is satisfiedwith a good imitation.(Incorporated)..-2530 pounds,.3990 pounds,.. 1830 pounds,...4315 pounds,...1255 pounds,...3345 pounds,.:.... .7730 pounds,. .3410 pounds,1820 pounds,2295 pounds,DOCTOR URGEDAN OPERATIONInstead I took Lydia E.Pidk-ham's Vegetable Compoundand Was Cured.Baltimore, Md. "Nearly four yearsI offered from organic troubleg, nervousness ana-Beaa?aches and everymonth would have tostay in bed most ofthe time. Treatments would relieveme for a time butmy doctor was always urging me to.have an operation.My sister asked m:to try Liycua xl Jtonxh a m's VegetableCompound bef orconsentine t o a'mIf operation. I tookIJ five bottles ofitaadit has completelyV cured, me and raywork is apleasure. I tell all my fnendawho have any trouble of this kind wbatLydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-gjund has done for me.'- Nellie B.rittingham, 609 CalvertonRd., Baltimore, Md.It is only natural for any woman tdread the thought of an operation. Somany women have been restored thealth by this famous remedy, Lydia E. 'Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, afteran operation has been advised that itwill pay any woman who suffers fromsuch aihnents to consider trying it before submitting to such a trying ordeal.TWO MOKE YEAES OP WARWILL STAUVE WOULDEuropean food experts agreedthat the entire world will bebrought to the verge of starvation ifthe European war continues twoyears more, Dr. Maurice FrancisEgan, United States minister toDenmark, said at Norfolk, Va., Friday night. The northern Europeanneutrals, Dr. Egan declared, are indire straits. Food is so scarce inDenmark that the "famous Danish,wolf hounds are being slaughteredfor food. .Dr. Egan, who recently returnedfrom Copenhagen for a rest, warnedthe people of the United Statesagainst' German espionage and declared that every citizen shouldawake to. its danger."Only those who live within, theshadow of German oppression" continued Dr. Egan, "can realize the.priceless boon of liberty" He saidthat the people of Denmark! now areliving" in 'practical" slaveTy'andthatthe same is true of other small" European neutrals.On Thisaverageaverage,average.averageaverage,averageaverage.,average.-$40.05- 35.05- 35.17- 35.1137.38- 34.39- 34.76-. 34.79... 33.58- 33.09Wm-. -7tVVUiVITXWty(XVIr', m -- " "-- nV .-n. wSSSSMafJBJWBJBJBJBJSSSSSSSBSsisSSSMMMi " ,rr WFRIDAT, FEBRUARY 8, 1918.. i.:ZfHE B0I3TRB0N NEWS, PARIS, ; KY? , pJt fM&TWITT WOBfcY, BOOTES! OTOBOYS WILL COME. -In .the Lower House of- the Prussian Diet at Berlin, Dr. Frand Mehring, independent socialist, jmadetke following inquiry:"If Canada, with less that ?,-OOO.OO'O inhabitants, has been ableto throw a quarter of a millionsoldiers into Europe, who were notable to fly or swim, what groundshas the finance minister for denyingto the United States, with 110,000,000 inhabitants any military capacity?" Dr. Mehring proceeded to' reprovethe Prussian finance minister, Dr.Heitz, for such contempt, which hedeclared was likely to bring heavypenalties in its ,train, especially Itcoupled with empty threats.The minister, replying, admittedthat he was not able to prove hisstatements concerning the Americanarmy, but was still convinced thatit could not come over.Professional Cards.WM. GRANNAN'Aitorneyat-LawROOMS 401-402.FIRST NATL BANK BUILDINGDR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and Throat.ROOMS 403-404.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING.PHONE 131.You Don't Have toStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRangeA Kifif!ftt tin e9 ftaManila am tl&Iay. Come In and look thtm over.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated.)L. & N. TIME TABLEEffectire, Sunday June 17, 1917, 12:01 a. m..TRAINS FROM ARRIVAL24 Atlanta, daily 5:25 am96 Cynthiana, daily except Sunday ...7:35 amIt Rowland, daily except Sunday ......7:36 am11 MaysYille daily except Sunday.,-. 7:38 am40 Lexington daily except Sunday. , ...7:40 am37 Cincinnati, O., daily 10:03 am12 Lexington, dally 10:02 am33 Chicago, daily .' 10:16 am- 18 Lexington Daily Except Spnday. 12:00 m9 Maysville, Daily Except Sunday 3:00 pn138 Lexington, Daily 3:07 pm-38 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 3:15 pm19 Maysville, Daily 5:40 pm39 Cincinnati, Daily Except Sunday. 5:50 pm14 Lexington, Daily Except Sunday 6:18 pm32 Jacksonville, Fla., Dally .' 6:33 pm239 Cincinnati, Sunday only . 9:30 pm136 Lexington Daily 10:23 p jn31 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:38 pmTRAINS FOR LEAVINo. "- r-'$w-34 Cincinnati, waily ......; 5:30 am40 Cincinnati, daily except Sunday 7:45 am11 Lexington, daily except Sunday .-. 7:47 am10 Maysville, daily except Sunday 7:45 am13 Lexinaton, daily except Sunday -. 10:25 am37 TCnoxvIlle, daily , 10:30 am33 Jacksonville, daily 10:20 am18 Maysville, Sunday only 12:04 pm121 Lexington, daily except Sunday 3:25 pm38 Cincinnati, dally I ,3:20 pm39 Lexington,. daily except Sunday.. 5:67 pm9 Rowland, Daily except Sunday 1:00 pm14 Maysville, daily except Sunday :33 pmIt Lexington, Daily f :35 p m32 Chicago, dally ............... ... ....: 38 pm30 Cynthlana, dally except Sunday ." 1:48 xm131 Lexington, Daily 10:45 pm31 Atlanta, Ga., Daily v 10: 46 pm-JO. TRAIN8 ARRIVE FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Dally Kx. Sunday. ., 7:38 a. mA. Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday tx.j.m,....... f:I0 p. mTRAINS DEPART FORi Frankfort. Ky., Dally Ex. Sunday 8:25. a. mlrrankfort, Ky., Dally Bx. Bandar 6:25 p,. . ' t 1- - - -i.r ?. . :- . .&?BREAKS a cold inm-JUST-A EEW HOURS"Page's ' Cold Compound" EndsGrippe Misery-Dont StayStuffed-up. :You can end grippe and break upa severe cold either in head, chest,body or limbs, by taking a dose of'Tape's Cold Compound" every twohours until three doses are taken.It promptly opens clogged-up nostrils and air passages in the head,stops nasty discharge or nose running, relieves sick headache, dullness, feverishness, sore throat,sneezing, soreness and stiffness.Don't stay stuffed up! Quit blowing and snuffling! Ease your throbbing head nothing else in theworld gives such prompt relief a?"Pape's Cold Compound," whichcosts only a few cents at any drugstore. It acts without assistance,tastes nice, and causes no inconvenience. Be sure you get the genuine, (adv)m m gNOTED "PUGILIST KNOCKED OUTBY DEATH.John L. Sullivan, one of the mostinteresting figures of prize ring history, died suddenly of heart diseaseat his home at West Abington,Mass., Saturday. As was Ills wish,he diedwith his shoes on. Althoughstricken with heart trouble threeweeks ago, he had quickly improvedand was in no sense an Invalid. Hewas about to -leave his -house to paya visit to Boston to see his oldfriend, Captain James P. Sullivan,of the Boston police department,when he received his final knockout.His friend and companion, Geo.M. J3ush, rushed to his side as theold gladiator sank to the floor unconscious, and revived him withcold water applications on the head."John L." responded quickly to thetreatment, as in his palmy days inthe prize ring, struggled to his feetand refused to take the decision ofTime. Reluctantly consented to havea physician called, but after receiving -medical treatment, announcedthat he would have a. bath and keephis appointment. Even as he expressed his determination he became unconscious and died apparently without further pain.The body was taken to the homeof his sister in Boston, where funeral services will be held Wednesday morning.All-Conquering Energy.Bnrton says : "The longer I live.'themore I am certain that the great difference between men between thefeeble and the powerful, the great andthe insignificant Is energy, invincibledetermination a purpose, once fixed,and then death or victory ! That quality will do anything that can be doneIn the world; and no talents, no circumstances. Ho opportunities, willmake a two-legged creature a manwithout it"Ever Notice?Ti3 love that makes the world go'round. The days you quarrel withyour sweetheart everything comes toa stop. Louisville Courier-Journal.Steer a middle course. The manwho has no friends may be enviedby the pan who has 'too many.It isn't every bride and gromthat can treat themselves to ahouse-warming these days.-J" -jtkk: - rjr-fflJ L-,--ST. S-"r MftJ. ..-..-. -T Arc? - -y .c -rf -s- - - Tj -- .-!hbsjBBBBHBHHH "rMUTT & JEEP'S DIV0ECE.EveiT chorus girl of the "Mutt &Jeff's Divorce," company to be seenhere at the Paris Grand on Thursday, February 14, is. an accomplished player of the piano, as. well as aMISSOURI EDITOR HAS A UNIQUEQUESTIONNAIREThe Paris, Mo., Mercury, primathe following parody on the questionnaire which the draft boys areanswering.How many of the questions canyou answer?Are you all male, so far as youknow?Do you crack peanuts with a fiatiron?Do you use your overalls for paflt! Get a small trial bottle fromjamas?What are the gyrolics of a quadruple triangle?Do you look dow.n the barrel ofa gun to see if it is loaded?What is the hole in a dougbutfor ?Can you wiggle one ear at atime?Which hand do you button yoursuspenders with?Are your to nails brittle?How long would it take Bill Hartto capture the German army?Have you any conscientious scruples about killing time?Are old maids of their own freewill and accord?Does the safety match conservebreeches?Do you think the "spare" is theminority party in spareribs?What effect did the draft have onyour feet?What is the status quo of yourhervics?Is placing the heel of a woman'sshoe in the center of her foot camouflage? Would the fellow who eats withhis knife need more elbow room inthe trench?Are you reminded of Joseph's coatwhen you eat hash?If a German bullet should hit youbetween the eyes would you consider it a good shot?Do you gargle your soup?Has there been any artillery action in your home since the cookwas fired?Was either of your grandfathershung for horse stealing? If so,give description of horse? 'Have you had any experiencewith firearms other than poker andtongs?Was your grandmother on you"father's side bowlegged?Which end of a mule is the dangerzone? What strategic move would yonmake should you unexpectedly comein contact with a polly wampus?What effect would enemy artil-llery have on your speed in retreating?Does your experience with machinery extend beyond the bucksaw? Did you cut your teeth on thebias?Can you drive a can opener?Have any of your folks been disappointed in politics? If so, giveplurality.Would the Germans think theAmericans are living on wild gameif they should see the display of"hare" meat in our moving pictures? m m mTHAT TERRIBLE HEADACHE.Do you have periodical attacks ofheadache, accompanied by sicknessof the stomach or vomiting, a sallow skin and dull eyes 7 If so, youcan get quick relief by takingChamberlain's Tablets as directedfor biliousness, and you may be ableto avoid these attacks if you observe the directions -with each" package. ' -- (ady-feb)" . T .-" . .? . ;r---: :i:i,?3fc iv.v..--, 1 ' -..-Wtn ..Mn. -n. ..-"..3li. . .. ---- - V. . zLrL- ma j-e-S5BriEf,. it.Kfl,r r.jhrfrxjsiza-jffc. -fe '. -'S V- ?-f3?c - -ztWir-ZiTaSr . -i-s---- & m -. -wJies. -- G'Sr21 Tr? . -J1,- -1 Jr, '.. - "It- & - . " 3f!Bli.e-nr,s' 7X2-HT SJ-- 'H,- '. Z S . -r '5. rV" t, Sii5-- -- .. '-i. . .'AJksinger and dancer. The stage nianagement in selecting this season'sgalaxaty discovered that girls musically gifted, make the most rythmicsingers as well as dancers.RUB NEURALGIA PAIN-AWAY, DON'T SUEFERInstant Relief! Rub Nerve TorturePain and Misery Right Out With"St. Jacob's liniment."Conquers pain never fails.Rub soothing, penetrating "St.Jacbo's Liniment" right on the acheor pain, and out co(mes the neuralgia misery.Here's a joyful experiment! Tryyour druggist; pour a little in yourhand and rub it gently on the sore,aching nerves, and- before you realize it in a moment all tfie painand neuralgia disappear. It's almost magical, but the joy is, thatihe misery doesn't come back. No!The nerves are soothed and congestion is relieved and your neuralgiais overcome. -Stop suffering! It's needlessneuralgia and pain of all kinds,either in the face, head, limbs orany part of the body, is instantlybanished. "St. Jacob'3 Liniment" Isperfectly hanmlessand doesn't burnor dicolor the skin. In use for halfa century. (adv)NEW OEDER TO HOTELS ANDRESTAURANTS.The National Food Administration ordered Tuesday that not morethat two ounces of wheat bread bfserved to any patron in a hotel orrestaurant or dining car at any onemeal, except when rolls or breadmade from corn, oat meal or branare served, and when only one otherkind other than wheat bread is ordered, the portion may consist offour ounces.Hotels are ordered to immediatelyobserve Mondays and Wednesdaysas wheatless days, Tuesday as jmeatless day and Saturday as porklessdays, with one wheatless and meatless meal every day.nhhGIRLS! E1VEWAVY,THICK, GLOSSY HAIR:FREE ER0Mi)ANDRTJFFSave Your Hair! Double Its BeautyIn a Eew Moments.Try This!If you care for heavy hair, "thatglistens with beauty and is radiantwith life; has an incomparable softness and is fluffy and lustrous, tryDanderine.Just one application doubles thebeauty of your hair, besides it immediately dissolves every particle ofdandruff; you cannot have nice,heavy, healthy hair if you havedandruff. This destructive scurirobs the hair of its lustre, itsstrength and its very life, and ifnot overcome it produces a feverish.ness, and itching of the scalp; tH2hair roots famish, loosen and die;then the hair falls out fast.If your hair has been neglectedand .is thin, faded, dry, scraggy ortoo oily, get a small bottle ofKnowlton's Danderine tit any drugstore or toilet counter for a fewcents; apply a little as directed andten minutes after you. will say thiswas the best investment you evermade.We sincerely believe, regardlessof everything else advertised, thatif you desire soft, lustrous, beautiful hair and lots of it no dandruffno itching-scalp and no more fallinghair you- must use KnowltonVDanderine. If eventually wny urnnow? - " advIf anything it all women are)ir fria ttrA PflUiVl. hOW IS It Watone -girl marries a perfect dear and Ilier sister get-a perfect simp?" " . :-I'Al'AQeo. ;w. davi- PUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 2WCorner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, K "" .NOW IS THE TIMETO .FIGURE ONSpringANDPaperingCALL US OVERHome Phone 399KANEVi;The Right NumberWhen you gcr out to make a call in person'you alwaysassure yourself of the right address.In making a telephone call it saves a lot of timeandbother to be sure of the number.The absolutely sure way is to first consult the telephone directory not trusting to memory and. thenli sten carefully when the operator repeats back to youthe number, correcting her if she is wrong.Paris Home Telephone ft Telegraph Go.(Incorporated)7. J. VEATCH,District Manager.twin Bro$. Department StoreSevern!) and main $t$. Paris, KtntKckfBIG CLEARANCE ONWAISTS$1.00 WAISTS89c$1.50WAISTS98c$2.50 WAISTS$1.984 HII 5-' W imWe Give and Redeem the BlueStampsThe Bourbon LaundryDWIS & EUNK, Props,Telephone No. 4. West 5 StreetiMMdtaMNHMMMMH-fSl .Jw!!ln,,1 feBSiPjEBTry .r- JBourbon Laundry.Pwift" Kentucky.iMnniiiniinmiiEPainting-:-BROSI-W.H.CANH0H,LMalXamaser$2.98 WAISTS$2.25$3.50 WAISTS$2.98$4.50 WAISTS$3.981 Satisfactioo is OirWatchwordWith all the latest improvements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we are preparedto do work inferior tonone, and solicit yourpatronage.!B: -2&-yJX!SS-2-T" s-jc ,xaEs-i.:.- -j. asrfaK&2e3M---: zi wa ' waBs&v-(&&aBB3mz&F sj,,i-TKrrL-:'wr-r 1- Tj.-fy-srrysvr . ? gc ' rrr t: -w--rTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, fcY.FRIDAY, FKBBUABY 8, lilt.PAGE EIGHTNrMniHiHHtiWH(M(IIMHlllimilIMllfcr THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMOAS" -Friday, Feb. 8thGovernment and Ladies' Day.Two ladies admitted for qnepaid admission, plus war tax.ENID BENNETTin Triangle Feature"THEY'RE OFF"a story of the race trackand love.BILLY WESTin King Bee Comedy,' "HIS RIVAL"a refined scream.. AlsoAnimated Weekly Newsand a Triangle Comedy.Saturday, Feb. 9WILLSHIPMANand ALF. WHITMANin Vitagraph Blue RibbonMonday, Feb. 11Jesse L. Lasky PresentsJulianParis Grand, Thurs., Feb. 14The Big Valentine CelebrationBud Fisher's Latest and Greatest SucctssThe Musical Comedy Sensation NMUTT AND JEFFDIVORCED20 Musical Numbers and the Latest Songs of thoDay. Don't Follow the Crowds Get There First'FeatureThe Wild Strain'The story of a girl ;whobattered down the barriers of family pride , towin love and freedom.By George RandolphChester.The BigV Flying Squadin "Noisy Naggers."Eltingein"THE CLEVERMRS. CARFAX"By Hector Turnbull andGardner Hunting. Scenario by Gardner Hunting. Directed by DonaldCrisp.The J. T. Hinton CoUNDERTAKERSAND MMBAIMMRS!Iftl lVniIMa Iraand SixthStreets- Paris -Ky.Day phone 36INisht : . . 56or Home 286Prices 25c-5Dc-75c-$l. SeatsNow on Salex1h!it1INI)HMilu1iMUPiiih, 5)i It. aIki 'i!'.httiI iP.?!s (tlJ1flIitMotor equipment.Ambulance calls promptlyLimousine Invalid Coach.attended to, with ourHearse used for funeral purposes only.HimwtfH:i"i"i":"i"i-:"i"i"i'4"i"i"i"i'i"i"i'n..i..i..MILLERSBURG. Mrs. Ada McClintock is amongthe sick.Mr. M. E. Pruitt was at Burnilide on. business from Saturday un--til.Wednesday.Dr. W. G. Dailey was in Cincinnati on professional businessTuesday and Wednesday.. . The recital given by the Classin Expression at-the M. C. Tuesdayevening was good and well at--tended.- -Dr. C. C. Fisher and Rev. J. W.Gardner attended- the funeral ofRev. Wi. A. Penn at Cynthiana,Wednesday.The Red Cross Chapter has received a handsome new flag, whichis now on exhibition at the Exchange Bank.Mrs. S. M. Allen returned Saturday after a several day's visit trjlier sister-in-law, Mrs. J. M. Alver-son, at Georgetown. She was accompanied home by her little nephew. Master John Lassing Alverson.The little daughter of Mr. and MrsAlverson is quite ill with bronchialpneumonia. ,Rev. A. S. Venable, the newpresident of Sayre College, and Mrs."Venable, have moved from MillersIpurg to Lexington, having arrived'on Monday and are now bettled atSayre College. President Venablewill go to and fro in his duty aminister of the Presbyterian 'churchat Millersburg. He and Mrs. Venable have one son who is at the Theological Seminary in Richmond, Va.,land a nephew, who is a member oftheir family, Mr. Thomas Garden,l Avho is in school at the M. M. I.T There was a general cleaning-upamong some of our colored citizens- in police court last Friday, whenthe following were brought beforeJudge Wadell: Chas. Taylor, malicious shooting and wounding WillBaker, held to the grand jury in"$250 bond; Will Baker, maliciousjputting and wounding Chas. Taylor,lield to the grand jury in $250'.bond; Chas. Taylor, Will Baker- and Walter Turney, shooting craps,ned 20 and costs; George Hutsell,liousebreaking, held to the grandxjury, $250 bond.The real estate of the late Miss"Bettife F. Vimont sold at public saleTuesday afternoon. The propertyconsisted of her late residence, onthe northeast corner of Main andEleventh streets, and the residenceadjoining it, occupied by Mr. AshbyLeer and family. The k brick residence, which had been occupied byMiss Vimont, was sold to Mr .D. L.Leggett for $3,710. The propertyoccupied by Mr. Leer was sold toMr. J. V. Ingels, of Eminence, anephew of Miss Vimont, for ?3,275.Mr. Ingels formerly resided here,and has recently sold his farm nearEminence, and will return to Millersburg with his family in thespring, to make their future home.Mr. Leggett will convert his property into a modern residence and willmove to it in the near future.'DEATHS.HILL.The funeral of Hev. GeorgeHill, who died at his home at Glencoe, Ky., after a lingering illness,was held at Williamstown, his oldhome. The interment took place inthe Williamstown Cemetery. RevHill was a prominent minister ofthe Baptist church, and for ,manyyears had occupied charges inGeorgetown and Stamping Ground,in Scott county.He is survived by the followingchildren: Prof. John Leonard Hill,of the Chair of History, at Georgetown College; Mrs. John M. Tilford.Mrs. Clarke B. Roberts, Mrs. ElmerB. Davis, all of Stamping Ground;Harry Hill and George Hill, Jr., ofCalifornia, and Prof. Russell Hill,of the Jellico, Tenn., High School.BURGESS.The funeral of Mrs. BessieWhite Burgess, uged fifty-fouyears widow of the late Mr. QuincyBurgess, who died at her borne nearHutchison, Monday, of cancer, wesheld at the family home Wednesdaymorning at 10:45 o'clock. Serviceswere conducted by Rev. Rhodes, ofClintonville. The remains weretaken to Lexington for interment onthe family lot 'in the LexingtonCemetery.The pall-bearers were Robert Meteer, John Steele, William Piper,Clyde Jacoby and Logan Gregg.Mrs. Burgess is survived by twoJ?or fashionableCorrespondenceuse.Your friends judge you by the style of stationery youLet it be dressedstationery, be sureYour letter is a personal envy,cording to fashion's latest dictates.If you like distinctive styles insee ourac-to?ewSpring StationeryIt includes all the latest conceits in shape, tint andtexture.Come in and see the line while it is complete,attractive numbers in our window show only a smallof the extensive line we now have in stock.inravaL c RdTELEPHONE YOUR DRUG NEEDSBOTH PHONES 50-ARDCRY DRUG COMPANYm MAIN STREET PARIS, KENTUCKYPricesAt the Alamo Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 13c war tax 2c.At the Paris Grand -Children 5c ywar tax lc; Adult 13c war tax 2c.Colored persons, Children 5c war tax lc; Adults lOcwar tax lc.ORCHESTRAAlamo 2 to 5:30Raris Grand 7 to 10:30sisters, Mrs. Hamilton Willett, ofnear Hutchison, an4 Mrs. GrahamLee, of Mason county. Her husband preceded her to the grave seeral months ago.MAHER.Mrs. Josie Maher, aged fortyfour, wife of Mr. Frank Maher, diedin Lexington yesterday morning after a short illness. She was sister of Mr. Dennis Frederickson, ofBourbon county. Funeral serviceswill be held in Lexington, Saturday, followed by burial in theParis Catholic Cemetery, at eleveno'clock Saturday morning.STOUT.Mrs. Maude Peebles Stout, wifeof Mr. Harry Stout, formerly ofParis, died at her home, No. 183Limestone street, in Lexington, atten o'clock Wednesday night, aftera short illness. The funeral willbe held at three o'clock this (Friday) afternoon, with services conducted at the grave in the ParisCemetery, by Rev. Richard Wilkinson, of Lexington, pastor of theEpiscopal church, of which she wasa member. The pall-bearers willhe Dan W. Botts, H. B. V.anArbdale,John Payne, Everett Mallick, Vennie Pittman and Ollie P. Carter.Mrs. Stout was a daughter ofJoseph and Anna Peebles, formerresidents of Paris, and spnt the larger portion of her life here. Afterher marriage to Mr. Stout she resided in Lexington, where her husband conducted -a musical instrument business on Limestone streetMUMRELIGIOUS. "-The ladies of Str Peter's Episcopal church will hold a meeting inthe Sunday school room of thechurc Sunday afternoon at 2:30o'clock. Mrs. John Scott, of Lexington, Educational1 Secretary, willbe present and address the ladies onthe subject of "Mission Study." Allthe members are urged to be present. The Christian Endeavor Societyop the Presbyterian church willmeet at the court house Sundayevening at 6:30. The subject willbe "What My Church Stands For."The leader will be Fannie Heller.A splendid program has been arlanged for this meeting, and thepublic is cordially invited to attendMuch interest in being taken in thecontest now going on.JSI 3 E3BIRTHS.To the wife of Chas. E. Butler,Jr., on January 29th, a 10-poundson. He was named Charles III.Mrs. Butler was Miss- Ethel McGinley. MfetoWhy doesn't Doc Garfield announce that heatless Mondays willbe continued through July andAugust??QUALITY, OR PRICE?While many firms guarantee their goods to be "as represented," ours are guaranteed to GIVE SATISFACTIONQuite a difference when you come to think it over.The lowest-priced goofis and the inferior goods maybe 'as represented' but the quality is not there. Theyare cheap in price and cheap in quality, for one cannotget something for nothing. (The seasonable goods offered below arethe highest quality at the right price.Brooks' Cold Tablets .... 25c per boxContains no harmful drugs. A simple but effective remedy. Penslar Wbite Pine-and Spruce Balsam25c and 50c per bottleAn effectire cough remedy.Hazola Tcilet Cream . . . 25c per bottleIs a superior Toilet Article for chapped face hands andlips.Now is the time to buy that Ht Water Bottle. Oursare guaranteed and they will afford you a lot of comfortin this cold weather. Price $1.25 to $1.50.-Ask your doctor about our prescriptions.He knows they are the best in town.-BROOKS & SNAPP DRUG CO.Establishod 1878 415 Main Str'?MATRIMONIAL. !PARKER. INSKOLMr. George Insko, of the HomoTelephone Co.'s forces, and MissMaude Parker, both of Paris, weruunited in marriage at 7:00 o'clock,on Tuesday evening at the Baptistparsonage, the pastor, Rev. R. C.Goldsmith, officiating. The bride isan attractive young woman, wnoihas for some time been employed atthej candy factory of Misses Holladay, in Paris.raneeSaie!OLLIVER KENNEDY.Miss Mayo Oliver and Mrs. Jnu.S. Kennedy, both of near Colville,secured a marriage license here JTuesday, and. were married at thehome of the bride in Millersburg.by Rev. Mr. Gardner, pa?tor of theMillersburg Methodist church.The bride is teacher of the schoolat Colville, and has been a teacherin the Bourbon county schools forthe past sixteen years. Mr. Kennedyis a farmer and solicitor for one ofthe local tobacco warehouses.WILIS DRAKE.The home of Mr. and MrsHarry B. Clay, on Duncan avenue,was the scene of a pretty homewedding at five o'clock yesterdayafternoon, when their .handsomeand attractive niece, Miss Margaret Willis, daughter of Mr. and Mrs.Samuel Willis, became the bride ofMr. Vaughn P. Drake, of Winchester and Beattyville.The home was beautifully decorated with Southern A Smilax andpotted plants. During the assembling of the guests and duiing theceremony Misses Marybelle andMarion Durk, of Lexington, playedbeautiful musical numbers on theviolin and harp. The wedding partystood under a large wedding bell,when Rev. William Cummin, of IWinchester, performed the marriageceremony. A large assemblage offriends and relatives witnessed theceremony, many of the numbercoming from Winchester and otherpoints.Following the ceremony and 'congratulations; Mr. and. Mis. Drakeleft over the L. & N. for Lexington, where they took the Chesapeake & Ohio train for a honeymoon:trip to Washington, D. C, and otherpoints of interest in the East. Upontheir return Uiey will reside in!Beattyville, where the groom haVlfcrge lumber and' timbfcx Interests.A PRICE-SLASHING SALE OF WINTER OOTWEASt! In spite of the hfeh pricesprevailing in shoedem, we are compelled to make a GENERAL CLEARANCE AND TURNINTO CASH the balance o? ourGli GRADEMen's, Women's and Children'srllll IWEAR!The Following are But a Few of the Many Extraordinary BargainsThat Await You Here :Men's Tan English ShoesS5. 00 values at$3.49Men's Russ. Tan English Beacon $4 r a$5. 50 values at : tp.t)UMen's Patent English Nettleton anddjo neother makes &7. 00 values at yo.uoMen's Gun Metal Button Walk-Over, do Cflsmall sizes, at yo.OVMen's Gun Metal Button (9 a a3.50 values at ..... .' yc.1?Men's Gun Metal Lace (t QQ$2.75 values at yl.vvLadies' Havana Brown Tan English$5.00 values at '.Ladies' Dark Tan EnI sh Boots" $6.00 values atLadies' Tan Louis Het-1 Boots6.00 values atLadies' Black Kid and Grev ClothTop Boots 5.00 values at3.00 values It $Z.4iLadies' Assorted Small Size 1 nt rfi nrShoes 4.00 values at. ..$1.09-JLJf5$3.49$4.49$3.95$3.49Boys', Missts' and Children's Shoes at Clearance Sale Prices.Lot of Men's Rubbers at 79c Lot of Ladies' Rubbers at 59cSale Now Going Oil!For Cash Only!DANParis' Greatest Shoe StoreCOHENWhere Beauty and Economy ReignThis Store Will Be Closed on Mondays:AriVVvvw..'''?-:''Jr -! 2Kf,J-Myi