.'.V 'v.H ,,At .-llSfct4n;tKt.fj:rwi.-Wti-$P: -;-.1?' .- . ::;; i-";'3&m WVOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1918""" "".T,."" .PUBLISHED EVERT TUESDAY W FRIDAY IN THI YEAR . ' n '&kPABIS MERCHANTS NOTEFEDTHEY MUST GET TOGETHEROff DELIVERY HOURSSome weeks ago, at the instance ofEugene J. Straus, State Chairman,Commercial Economy Committee,Kentucky Council of Defense, andState Representative, ConservationDivision, War Industries Board, themerchants of Paris adopted the Government's recojtnmendations on. delivery and store service curtailments.The Government's recommendations were adopted and agreed to beput into effect. Some of the merchants of Paris have lived up to theiragreement, and a -number have madea traving of man power while othersconvenietly have forgotten theirpledge, and are using delivery andaccommodation deliveries in order to?ain business at the expense of themerchants who have lived up to theirpatriotic pledge to the Government.Word has just been received from"Mr. Straus that if necessary, he willdivide the town into delivery routes,and see that these routes are enforced. The merchants who have notfallen in line are given another opportunity before any drastic stepswill be taken.Consumers are urged to co-operate,as a patriotic duty to our Government, with the stores in making hesaving in man power and they areasked to take note of the stores whoare displaying official hangers, signedby Eugene J. Straus, -State Chairman,and patronize these stores, therebyassisting them to keep their pledgeto our government, and assist in thesaving of man power to fill vacanciescreated by men going to the front andother war positions. Customers, iffor nothing else, for at least patriotism, patronize the stores followingtoo government's reomraendations.Buy Liberty BondsCARPENTERS WANTED TO HELP. BUILD CAMP KNOX.Any carpenter in Bourbon, countywho wishes to engage in the patriotic-work of helping the Government tocomplete Camp Knox and save it forKentucky, will be furnished freetransportation from Paris to Stithton, the site of the Camp. They willreceive 60 cents per hour for tenhours work a day, eleven hours pay,Sundays and holidays double, notcompulsory to work on Sundays. Ajhply to "FRANK P. LOWRY,Chairman Labor Reserve for BourbonCounty, Paris, Ky.FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSWe Are Now ShowingOUR NEWFALL LINESin.Misses' and Ladies'Silk, Serge and JerseyDRESSESAMisses' and Ladies'SUITSChildren's, Misses' and Ladies'COATSif ;"ti jst. saa Vr'-- ' ; t . ;&FRANK &cCITY OF .PARIS FILES SUITAGAINST LIGHT COMPANY.As the outcome of a disagreementbetween the city administration ofParis a-nd the Paris Gas and ElectricLight Co., a suit, involving the sumof $32,000, with interest, has beenfiled in the office of Circuit Clerk W.H. Webb, by the City of Paris airainst. the Light Company. The city in itspetition, aneges tnat this amount hasbeen illegally paid to the Light Company for service furnished the cityfrom October, 1913, to February,1918.The petition states that the cityunder the previ6us administration entered into contract with the LightLxmpany and provided for the expenditure of money and incurrenceof an indebtedness by the city to anamount in excess of the income andrevenue for such years, and that saidcontracts were entered into withoutfirst having been submitted to thevoters of Paris, and that thereforethe contracts were void and themoney illegally paid to the LightCopnpany. 'From Oct. 16. 1913, to Feb. 23,1918, the city has paid monthly tothe Light Company an, average of$658. Since Feb.. 23, 1918, the cityhas paid monthly to the Light Company a portion of the bill, amountingto $375, which has been accepted bythe Light Company. The " petitionasks for judgment against the LightCompany in the sum of $32,000 withinterest.The City of Paris sojme time agosecured the services of Mr. W. H.Weiss, of Kansas City, Mo., as consulting engineer. Mr. Weiss wasgiven authority to make an investigation as to whether or not the ratescharged by the Light Company, bothto the city and to private consumeers,was exhorbitant. The present suit isthe result of Mr. Weiss's investigations. The contract between theCity of Paris and the - Paris Gas &Electric Company expired some timeago, and since that time the businessrelations between the city and thelighting company have been carriedon without a contract.- Buy Liberty Bonds -LOUIS TURNER INJURED.Mr. Louis Turner, son of Mrs. Edward P. Turner, of near Paris, is confined to his room as a result of an.accident which he sustained recentlywhile cutting com. The knife bewas using glanced from a cornstalkinflicting an ugly wound on. his fightleg, just below the knee.WMF 'TlT'fc'SkVF.W' ;- -S-" tr- -.- VCOIN THE SERVICE OF THEIR !COUNTRY. 'COUNTRY.Mrs. Edward Turner" received acablegram Wednesday from her son,Mr. Harlan Turner, 'announcing Hissafe arrival overseas. ' ";.;.;.'Private Hiram Adair, of this city,will report to Camn BuelL at. T,vHTir-tan, Friday. He will be one .of theseventy men from that camp who willgo into.the service at once. Mr. Adairis a son of Mr. and Mrs. Percy ASair,of near Paris. 'Miss Merle Shumate, professionalnurse, of this city, has been. summoned to Camp Zachary Taylor,, whereshe is now on special duty-in. the-m.v, waoHtu. miss enumate-is a-graduate of the Massie Memorial Hospital School of Nursing, in this city.Corp. Sherman R. Snapp, who -hasoeen at home on a furlough visit tonis motner; Mrs. Alice Snapp,- -and.family,, on Lilleston avenue, has returned to Camp Lewis, Washington,where he is Chief Clerk in the-Personuel Office of the Headquarters-Department.While assisting in some ' campwork on a Government contract" withthe Brooks Lunmber Co., at Mukilteo.Wash., some days ago, Jakie Saloshin, Ione or tne six "Bourbon misfits" hadthe misfortune to sustain a fracturedarm. The injured member was set,ana jame is enjoying sick leave:while the arm mends.From private to Sergeant-Ma jotis the projmotion accorded a formerParis boy, Luther Collins, .nephew ofivir. Horace M. Collins, of Paris. Mr.uonins was recently transferred toCincinnati, where he is stationed irithe United , States Military Unit asinstructor in bayonet practice at the;Fremont Armory.Corporal Teddy Shannon, son ofMr. and Mrs. Tim Shannon, of Paris;writes that he started on a trip over-?seas, but that his ship was turnedback to an American port, after befing out amy one aay, when, threecases of influenza developed. Teddyhas been in camp more thaiv a year,and is anxious to go to the front.Lieut. Hiram Roseberry arrivedhome yesterday from Camp ZacharyTaylor, an,d will leave to-morrow tdreport for army duty at Camp Jack;son, in oouia jjaroiuia. -ttegaruingthe influenza situation at the camphe said there " are about 10,000 cases in all, but that the diseaseis now under control. He fortunatelymanaged to escape it.Mr. Harlan. Turner, of Paris, whohas been stationed in the naval service at the Philadelphia Naval Yard,telegraphed his mother, Mrs. Edward iP. Turner yesterday that the company in which he had been placedwere scheduled to embark from anEastern port. They had been givemtheir overseas equipment, and wereawaiting the call to "Board ship!"Leland Hudson Oliver, son of Mr.James Oliver, and Thomas Letton,son of Mr. Reuben Letton, left Tuesday morning for Cincinnati, wherethey will be given special mechanicalinstructions in the Cincinnati AutoTraining School, preparatory to service' in the U. S. A. The two selectswere sent by the Bourbon CountyDraft" Board on orders from the WarDepartment. -Relatives in this city have receivedmessages from Mr. Earl Blake, latelyof Winchester, stating that he is nowa member of Company 3, 339th Infantry, stationed- at Archangel, in Russia. According to his latest messageconveyed in. a letter, the Russian people received the Apnerican soldierswith the greatest enthusiasm andtried in every way posible to maketheir stay a pleasant one.Friends in Paris of former Capt.Charles D. Winn, will be pleased tolearn that he has been promoted fromLieut-Colonel to the rank of Colonel.He is connected with the heavy fieldartillery forces of the American Exrpeditionary Forces in France. Col.Winn, who is a brother of Mrs JamesMcClure, of Paris, was formerly inbusiness here."Sailor hoy" James M. Templin, ofParis, writes his parents, Mr. andMrs.tT. T. Templin, that he has beentransferred from, Camp Perry to theAdministration Building at theGreat Lakes Naval Training Station.He stated! that his health was. excellent and ihat "he had so far esrcaped the influenza.. He was in Chicago recently to attend a big LibertyLoan, celebration. One feature of theday was a parade, that required sixhours to-pass, a given pdint.Dr. Chas. G-. Daugherty, of Paris,returned Wednesday night fromCamp Zachary Taylor, where he had'been called to see Mr. Carltbn Jones,son of Mr. Allie G. Jones, of nearNorth Middletown. Mr.' Jones hadbeen suffering -with influenza, but isbetter.' Dr. Daugherty reported theinfluenza-situation as Camp Taylorasbeing very had, with a large increasein J the number of cases. Physiciansand. nurses are doing all in theirpower to' control the dread- disease,which'isttaking its daily tqli of lives.(Comtinud on Page S.) 'INFLUENZA SITUATION IS BETTER IN SPOTS.Locally the influenza situation hasnothing of great interest to offer,owing to the fact that projmpt actiontaken by the local Health Board andi the local authorities -discounted -inadvance -any prospect for a spread ofthe disease. The few cases that havebeen reported are improving and nonew-cases have been reported to theBoard of Health.There has been some difference ofopinion among the 'medical fraternityas to' the cases- that have appearedhere, it being claimed that they werecases of old-fashioned grippe, somemerely bad colds, while others claimed they were genuine -cases of influ--enza.- Whatever it is the people aretaking- no chances, and all precautions are being used to guardagainst a spread of-the disease. Theregulations and restrictions put inforce hy the-Board of -Health and theState Board will 'continue in force until the -authorities are clearly convinced that prudence and the lessening of the danger will warrant liftingthe ban..-Carelessness of persons with' coughsand colds and who have not protected themselves and others by remaining away from crowds, has kept theinfluenza- epidemic in Kentucky frombeing- checked, -Dr. Jno. South, headof the -State-Board of Health declared over telephone from Frankfort.Dr. South also said that he did notexpect the ban on-public gatheringsto be. lifted soon.The malady has been checked tosome extent in the training campsthroughout the State, he declared.Dr. South attributed the rapidspread of the disease to the carelessness o& people with coughs and Coldswhose indifference endangered publichealth.The best preventative is immediateattention to a bad cough or cold, theuse of a handkerchief over the mouthor nose when coughing or sneezingand that the afflicted person remainaway from gatherings of any character, he declared."If the cold, and it should bewatched closely, has any signs of developing into anything jmore serious,once should not hesitate to get expertadvice and medical attention immediately." Rgearding the general situationover the country and in the armycamps esepecially, Washington gaveout the following official statementyesterday:"While Spanish influenza continuesto spread among the civilian population generally a .continued decreasein the number of new .cases at armycamps led army medical officials tobelieve that the peak of the epidemictamong the soldiers has been passed.Secretary Baker saia that reports, indicated that measures taken by the"Surgeon. General's office Jhad broughtthe disease under definite control."New cases of influenza among thetroops reported during the 24 hoursending at noon Wednesday totaled5,668, against 6,498 yesterday, andagainst more than twice that numberonly a few days ago. Pneumoniacases aggregated 1,895, comparedwith 1,916 the day before, and deathswere 710, a decrease of 179. Influenza cases reported from all campssince the beginning of the epidemicnow total 262,186, pneumonia cases39,276 and deaths ,12,340.Although reports' generally to the'public health serVice showed influenza spreading in most parts of thecountry, improvement was noted insome States, particularly Vermontand New Jersey."Buy Ubekty BondsSUGAR MAY BE BOUGHT IN TWQINSTALLMENTS.Although the .sugar ration remainsat two pounds per person per month',purchasers from henceforth oh maybuy their month's supply in two .installments. Thisstatepnent came fromthe office of the, District Food Administrator at Lexington Wednesday.Previous to this a housewife, whenpurchasing the-family 3upply of sugar for the month had to get it all' inone lot. Now, according to the following text of the official announcement, she4 may get her sugar in twoinstallments:"Between the first and the fifteenthof the month, one pound of sugar foreach member of the fapiily, and between the fifteenth and the thirtieth,one pound of sugar for each memberof the family."- Buy Liberty BondsVISIT THE PENDLETON SHOP .The Pendleton Shop, Lexington,Ky., are showing a complete line ofmaterials for tailored suits and topcoats.- -- (15-3t)Buy liberty BondsCOAL HEATERS FUEL SAVERS,HOWS THE TIME TO BUY. .For the best coal heater, get theHot Blast, it saves fuel and-givesmore heat. We have a limited supply." Better buy now.(8-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.Buy Liberty Bonds .APPELLATE 'COURT ORDERIn the Court of Appeals at Frankfort, Wednesday, the Eastern Division sitting, the following order wasentered: :Geo. Alexander & Co., etc., vs. ThePower Grocery Company, etc., Bourbon agreement fifed; case docketedfor the present term; ordered heard-with the case ot power GroqeryCompany vs.- .Alexander's trustees;parties-given twenty" days: to -filebrief;- ?ifX . - "BOURBON PEOPLE CONTRIBUTECHICKENS FOR SICK SOLDIERSAA letter to Mr. James McClure,Cashier of the First National Bank ofthis city, from the camp authoritiesat uamp i&acnary rayior, and onefrom Mrs. Samuel -L. Culbertson, ofLouisville, told of he sickness" andsuffering among thev soldiers at thecajmp, and urged the need of immediate contributions of chickens formaking soup for the soldiers. Afeo-contributions of eggs" are asked forthe soldiers. Mr. McClure consuHedwith Mrs. Nellie Highland, whoagreed to fake charge of the- workin this county as far as possible. Theletters were read at the meeting ot'tne Red cross Society at the courthouse Wednesday and immediate action was taken.Mrs. Highland asks the public tocontribute to this worthy cause bysending to her (or they will be called for) dressed hens, ducks andchickens, also fresh eggs, on Mondays and Thursdays. . These will betaken in charge and forwarded toCamp Taylor on Tuesday and Fridays.Advices from Louisville- stated thatthe poultry market has been practically cleaned out in that city, andthat the soldiers were sorely in needof the fowls for broth and soups.Mrs. Highland asks" that the peopleof the city and county, knowing thesecircumstances and being mindful offthe appeal from the Camp for help,should respond to the very fullest.The following is a partial list ofthose who have contributed poultryand eggs to the soldiers: Mrs. nr.Hagan, North Middletown, four hens;Miss Daisy Detwiller, North Mfddl'etown,v two hens; Mrs. W. El Elli'srMrs. Duncan Bell, Mrs. A. B Hancock, Mrs. L. ,D. Harris, 'Mrs. 'Chas.Butler, Mrs. O. L. Marshall, Parisrone Jien each ; Miss- Sallie Lockhart,two hens; Mrs. Nellie Highland, onedozen hens; Mrs. John J. Williams,Mrs. John Flanagan, Thos. KelTeyyMrs. Henry Mitchell, J,ohn T. HihtonvMrs. John Doty, Mrs. Arthur Hendricks, Mrs. M. L. Jones, Mrs. A. T.Rice, Paris, one hen each; Mrs. K. TX.Lail, Mrs. Bettie Tate, Shawhan, onehen each; Mrs. Robert L. Frank;Paris, two hen; Mrs. Nellie McClure,?5 in cash for purchase of hens and"eggs.Pursuant to a call from the FireUnderwriters' Association pt Kentucky that each agent should' d'osomething for the sick soldiers- atCamp Taylor in the way, of soliciting1chickens for the purpose of invokingsoup for them, Mr. Chas. P'Mann,"of the Paris Realty Co., 3et out amongneighbors and friends and they re-sponded. vary readily. Mrs. C. KMann- and Mrs. H. B. Carr- called' onthe following good ladies whos nanres-'areheiewith;-givent Mrs. C. W. Pemr;Mrs. C. N. Martin, Mrs. C. V. Higgins, Mrs. Jas. Lifer, Mrs. Sajm Brannon, Mrs. M. E. McCurdy, Mrs. HalTrMrs. Friedman, Mrs. Mathhews, Mrs.Capt Nelson, , Mrs. Burley, Mrs.Towles, Mrs. Dr. Brown, Mrs. C. P.Mann, Mrs. JJ. C. Mann, Mrs. H. B.WE KNOW HOWAn Ouncevention isPound: - $1Your health and comfort are worth more than yqurjL'dollars. "fjvU"Dr. Reed's Cushion Sole Shoes , iff?:For Winter , til' rfare just what you need. If you suffer with cold feet, corns,(bunions or callous places you will find .great cornfort mv:i wearing Dr, Reed's Shoes, and eventually these troubles-P. will-cease. Dr. Reed's' Shoes are made with a soft velvetylike cushion sole between tneotvps that ease and comfortdampness from creeping through the soles of the shoes KKjSLIL OKmS itllU V1C1 xviuo, iicavj$9.00 PER PAIR.Nettleton Fine Shoes For'Winter Wear "are now on display, and you will find the same dependably mshoes in Russian Calf, Cardovan and Vici Kids, leatterjiJ'that have' made thlg Nettleton the ideal shoes for the maiwho wants style, service and1$12 PER PAIRMITCHELLSteUdnHatt, Manhattan ShirtsStein-BlcKJi ClothesKWARNIHG!NEW YOSK, Oct 17Wxk f;Rogers, acting director i&t- otUcpress censoutifp- has askei Hm.t ifcfollowing notice, signed T iiP'brplaced before tfre editors of fie cooairy: "Apparently European news cttfttrtare full of all sorts" f rumor m tchthe attitude Germany is going iff lakeregarding: Resident Wilson's rttfeittcoinmunicatfon. "Press cafjle censorship, will ifoprerent entrances xsfa this coxurtryof messages of this (ifcWKfcr. OiffeotBer haid yotrr attention is calledio dangers which may arise fronfoverestimsrtrffg- imfomaEei reports."Playing- up rtnnors of this kinifc'cannot hut have effect upon the Iobierty loan campaign and upon theptdilic-attaMie towErdWar."Carr; Mrs: Clyde- Ricnardsj, Mrs.Thos. Hefm Clay;" scare gafe offe-ant!somff gave two iHe" sfiippierd' these yteraay'Typareel post to Mrs. Samuel" CulBertson1432 South? Third street, Louis-rilfe,Kentucky, who will seffthattfiey'arevpromptly delivered fcr thV soluTerboys. . KsIt there be? any otheir patriotic cifcizens fn Bourbon county who feeldisposed7 to donate chickens to thiscause Mr: Chas. P7. Mann urges you"to kindly do so by ercHex sending:them direct to the1 above' address orbring them- to the office of the ParisRealty Co-., 606 Main street, and hewill see that they are shipped fmpiedfately. This 1s & very worthy causeand everybody" shotrl'd take" an interest in it. Bring-them dresaed'onnext -Wednesday.In another letter received yesterday by Mrs. Highland' an urgent rearrest was made for shipments' offresh eggs for the sick men. Mrs.Highland now" has afiout twenty- dbxen for shipment, and1 ten dozen: or(more are neederd' at once. Donationsof fresh eggs, if left at the WifmothGrocery Co.'s will' be called for TyMtsl Highland' and shipuedf at oncet'o the Camp Hospital, or ttr otherconstituted authority for the reception and disposition of same. " ,The insurance men, to whopr the .appeal came more directly, promptlygot busy, ana through the efforts pfMiss Grace Donaldson-,, of McCrure 'Donaldson, the sum of $5?. 50 was;collected to be devoted to the pur-chase- of hens and" eggs for the men,or used in such manner at the camp.The- contributions were as follows:-McClure & Donaldson ?100.rThbinas, Wbodfdrd Bryan; $100: kYerlces & Peed, WTO r D (J. Fan-Jan,$"00; Wm. O. HTnton & Son, $5;Wni H. Webb, $fj.00; Rudolph Davie,$5.00.; A. J. Fee, $2.00; Jas. D. MeClintock, $2.00; Walker Muir $pff?Harris & Speaks. $2; 5&IiII-of Pre-Worth a i;rftof Cureouter ana inner soies, wmcii mto the foot and keeps ther I1auu. iiB""v-112?WM-!?H-."comfort. L 1It' vBLAKEMOlj- M.f..1 1M,WIII H! Xy,A - -,i- !Mi .nfa"J: '. 4"", -V.?.irW-&&n. ..; ,i."-.- "l v A. .'.-s'irt'?j'i-K?i-"i-i.-' -',..ri-XM"n. -Sg,o'r:.-'VffJ"?"."FX Vr:-:.i,r$w?"i?'-i-. c-r:-;,-'-?,? - J" :J .-T -!'- --i-.I " , - " V - i Z a."''.-E.v. 2CV.F4;.J,rf;v-MJ rts 'far (?(-THE BOURBON NgWS, FAMS,- KY.TWOiW!V-5r"N.FRIDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1: xA$1.Pill1itIRE BOURBON NEWSMattished 188136 Years of Con. tuiuous 'PublicationNtiished Every Tuesday and FridayPar Year-.. $2.0 06 Months.. $1.00Payable in Adavance.MIFF CHAMP, Editor and' Owner.gBtftirad at the Paris, Kentucky,PoatoQlce as Mail Matter of theSeeend Class.)Aay erroneous reflection upon theIteracter, standing or reputation ofpay jpereon, firm or corporation which.jmj appear in the columns of THEJKKJKBON NEWS will be gladly cor-if Drought to attention of tne' ADVERTISING ratesDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perfor first time; 50 cents per inchipkbseauent insertion.KMdine Notices. 10 cents ner lineptktfc Issue; reading notices in blackftjpe, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks,- calls on candldtoteg? "obituaries and resolutions, andtsaOar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for, large advertiseasks and -yearly contracts. 'The right of publisher is reservedjfca decline any advertisement or otherMatter for publication.Announcements for political officesmart Invariably be accompanied bytfca cash.1 1 ! i Aff i nis paper nas enusteafrith the government in thecause of Amenca for theperiod of the-warJEDITORIAL MUSINGS.. . iz" The Song Contest.There was a hearty response to thesang 'contest put on by the UnitedWar Work Campaign, and the Statejheadquarters, 643 Fourth street,Louisville, were kept busy receivingmanuscripts until Tuesday when thecontest closed.' 'The gold medal offered as the reirard to the winner of the contest isa handsome .piece of workmanshipa&d will be worn with pride by thefortunate winner. The contestJudges for Kentucky" are John D.Sample, one of the oest teno'rs in thecounty; who was Jmakmg 'fame forKmself in grand opera in Italy whenthe war broke out, Mrs. Katherine"Whipple Dobbs, a singing teacher ofHighest standing, and Chester Solomon, a noted oratorio and choirsuager.The final judges of the -war songthat it is to bring its composer intofame as one of the people who havemade' a name in th.e great war, aresuch men as Fred Stone and Harry"Fox. of' theatrical fame, xho will passoa the compositions in Chicago.A number of soldiers from CampZachary Taylpr entered songs in thecontest: and some of the boys provedthemselves ttr be composers of realability with keen understanding asto what would prove a good lire-sideand tjench song.The winning sorfg will be published by the well-known music publishing House of,, Jerome H. Remick &Co., and will be circulated over thecountry broadcast- The rules of thev teet called for two verses and aehorus, both words and music to beoriginal:"The winning song will bear thenote of congratulation from theUnited War Work Campaign Headquarters. ..Beginning of the End.The representative of the Kaisernas apparently accepted the termslaid dbwji by the President looking toan armistice, but little dependencemustbe placed on a nation that liasproved so treacherous and which regards treaties as mere scraps of pa-per. 1t is" evident that the Germansare now trying ta win by diplomacy,but God reigns and the governmentat Washington still lives in the person of a man, whom He seems to haveTaisoa" f r this world crisis; , He ispatiijat and, long suffering tnd slowtojanger and. being a (man of the mostrsmarkable poise the country can restassure, that he will pilot the shipof State over all the billows and anchor, it safely in the port of victori-, otW' peace. While people should notjtusp at the conclusion that the waris over -or relax any of their energies 'towards winning it, the begin--aifeg-of ;the end seems in sight. Lettvilerefbre praise and return thankstoJStoLamd subscribe again to LibertySoaJs, rwhich will be the more valu-'" aW fry the -early ending of the war.isaiTiy Can Always Be Depended OnTifcre is no question of the loyaltyjBjBftft patriotism of the rank and file- ik .Republicans and their leaders,wad as a rule, .patriotic aaa loyalmt, bt tke latter are human andcfUa pfair politics whan th go of1pa country should be alone conaid-ered. They;.:are not only willing totake any advantage, but ready, thatwould advance the interests of theirparty and would score whenever theopportunity presented itself. Thereinlies the danger of sending'a Uepublican to succeed the lamented OllieJames. The President wants Jthe support of his real friends who can always be depended upon tp stand withhijm. in all his efforts for the speedyand victorious termination of thewar and that is why he has askedKentucky to send Gov. Stanley to theUnited States Senate. No one hassaid aught against the loyalty of theRepublican nominee for the office,but his constant protestations of itleads to the conviction that he imagines that it is doubted. He maybe ever so loyal and think that hewould stand with the President inany emergency, but as sure as the sunshines, he'would follow the leaders ofhis party if they decreed otherwise.Therefore we will take no chances,Lbut send a man that will always votefor those measures' that the President thinks is necessary in the winning of the war.The Telephone.A voice acress the telephoneCan make or mar the day;Be careful of the tone you use,And think of what you say.Your pleasant smile cannot be seen,Or know your kindly heart,For people at the telephoneAre often miles apart.The girl who answers "Central"Has a score of lines to mind,Mistakes are sure to happen, ,So be patient and be kind.For life is like a garden.Where our daily acts are grown;And as nature hath ordained it,We will reap as we have sown.Then sovf a "smile" and reap a"smile"And in the end you'll findThat nothing pays more interestThat the art of being kind.This v.erse was found 'pasted on atelephone which had been returnedto the wareroom at St. Augustine,Fla. Its origin is unknown. Southern Telephone News.United We StandFollowing the commendable example of Senator Beckham and Gov.Stanley, the Democrats of the Stateare getting together in a way thatpromises the most glorious results.They realize how pleasant it is forbrothers to dwell togather in unityand how strong the party is in Kentucky when thoroughly united. Letthe leven of unity and righteousnesscontinue to work until every Democrat reconsecrates himself to duty byhelping to send to Washington menwho are the real friends of the Administration and who can be depended upon to stand by our great President at this most critical of times.Vote for Stanley for Senator and theDemocratic nominees for Congress,all good men and true.jBruner Should Join the Army.Dr. Bruner is circulating a cardto show that he comes of fightingstock, his ancestors have "fit anddied" in every war since the beginning. If he has inherited this fighting blood it would seem that thearmy is his place and not in the quietand peaceful Senatorial hall. Jointhe army, doctor, and cease to wastetime and money in the pursuit of theignus fatuus of an office. You haveno hopes of electionSENDING CARRIER" PIGEONS BYBALLOON. -To increase the usefulness of pigeons in warfare, wire cages, eachjust large enough for one bird, arenow in use, says the November Pop-! JlT-kT nniAD XYo oro ti t a T'Vi a s orocca?ry ato for SlbMs, aid peoils and paper for marooned dispatchwriters. They are attached to smallballoons that are used when windconditions are favorable, and also to'parachutes designed to be dropped'from low-flying aeroplanes. On theother hand, several of ihem may bestrapped to a trained dog and conveyed by him to the desired point. Allof which is for the; purpose of establishing communication with detachments that become cut off from themain body of troops and, while resisting capture, have no means of immediate escape without outside assistance. The wire cages are arranged) that the birds may be fed without being removed from them, and,furthermore, mesages may be inserted in the pellets the pigeons carrywithout the latter fbeing handled, oreven touched.Ra teHEAD AND NOSTRILSSTUFFED PROM COLD'Tape's Cold Comuound" Ends aCold or Grippe in aPew Hours.Your cold' will break and allgrippe misery end after taking a doseof "Pape's Cold Compound" every twohours until three doses are taken.It promptly opens clogged-up nostrils and air passages in the head,stops nasty discharge or nose Tunning, relieves sick headache, dullness,feverishness, sore throat, sneezing,soreness and stiffness.Don't stay stuffed up! Quit blowing and snuffling! Ease your throbbing head nothing else in the worldgives such prompt relief as Pape'sCold Compound," which costs'only afew cent, at any drug store. It actswithout assistance, tastes nice, andcauses no inconvenience. Accept nosubstitute. , - (adv)- - -Food AdmiiustriohYrMThe following prices' are published as a guide to consumers in theirpurchases from Bourbon county merchants. 'Only a few articles can bementioned each 'week. Howeyer there (must be no profiteering on anything. All goods must be sold at a reasonable margin of profit.The sugar ration still remains at two poundsper person per monthfor home consumption and an allowance for home canning purposes oftwenty-five (25) pounds "since September 1st. "Conditions have improved, but there must be no let-up in conservation. Only by' the most rigid economy can we feed our Allies and ourown growfng army. . . & v NRetailer Pays . Consumer PaysWheat Flour, 12-lb. bag . . . . .-. ...73 ? .78 to .80Wheat Flour, bulk 05. 06 to .07Barley Flour, 12-lb bag .. , 75 , 90 to 94Barley Flour, bulk v 05. , .06 to .06Rye Flour, 12-lb. bag ". . ..80 .85 to 88Rye Flour, bulk 05 06 to .07Corn Flour ? 06 07 toy.07Rice Flour .10 .12 to 13 "Corn Meal, bulk 05 06 to .06Corn Meal, 5-lb. package . . .. t. ...05.. .. v. 06 to .07Victory Bread, 16-oz.. . . '. 08 10 to 10Rolled Oats 11 2-3 14 to 15Rice, unbroken 11 14 to 15JEominy 'Sugar, GranulatedBeans, NavyBeans, coloredPotatoes, per peckOnions, per lbRaisins, per 16-oz. packagePrunes, medium sizeCanned Tomatoes, No. 2 v.Canned Corn, No. 2 .... ;Canned Peas, No. 2Canned Salmon, No. 1, pink . . . . .Cannedalmon, No. 1, red . . .. .Evaporated Milk, qmallEvaporated Milk, largeButter, CreameryOleomargerineEstetsCheese . . .Corn SyrupGOOD WORK IN KENTUCKY.Rising to the emergency of theinfluenza epidemic that has beenspreading through Camp ZacharyTaylor and in Louisville, the sevenorganizations composing the UnitedWar Work Campaign, in the midst ofactivities incident to the pushing ofthe campaign work, are individuallyand collectively rendering splendidservice in quelling the epidemic andin administering to the comfort ofsoldiers and civilians.The Y. M. C. A. and the Y. W. C.A., have joined forces at the campwith headquarters at the HostessHouse, where a group of secretariesfrom both organizations are workingday and night for the relatives of thesick soldiers who have been summoned to their bedside. A marvelousworking organization has been effected and wives, mothers, fathers, andsisters are being cared for and served. The living room of the HostessHouse' is converted into a barracksfor the relatives of the sick soldiersevery night, and cots aie placed onthe .porches and in tents in the yard.Chaplains and volunteer hostessesare in constant attendance administering comfort.whrkinff alone the ame lines islthe National Catholic War Council.The secretaries in the variousKnights of Columbus buildings in thecamp are serving in the basev hospitaltemporarily, and in response to anurgent call for nurses, fifty-eightnuns were brought to the hospital bythe' organization, and these Sistershave been unremitting in their heroicwork with the sick soldiers.The War Camp Community Service has placed a number of automobiles for the use of the camp, andone important piece of worlc of thisorganization in the midst of the epidemic, is the publishing, and issuingto every soldier in the camp, a pocketprimer on "Catching Diseases." Theprimer is issued with the authorityand full approval of the proper authorities at Camp Taylor. The station matrons who work at everyrailroad and street car terminal inthe city, are under-the supervision ofWar Camp Community Service andthese station matrons are the firstto meet the relatives faf the soldiersand all girls who come into tne city.The Salvation Army hut just outside the camp is overflowing withrelatives of the sick soldiers, and En-I -Ha taalow another officers of thej Salvation Army, are working day andnight to give whatever aid possibleto the men and women wno comethere. One part of the buliding hasbeen segregated as a ward for visitors who fall ill and two' nurses areconstantly on duty.The American Library Associationis giving through the public librarythe services of a number of the members of its staff at the camp and atthe camp and at the Red Cross rooms.Splendid work is being done during the influenza epidemic by theJewish Welfare Board, which organization makes a specialty of personalservice. A Woman's Auxiliary hasbeen formed, headed by Mrs. LeonGoodman and is most efficient in itsrelief work apnoung soldiers andcivilians.The earnestness and harmoniousblending of the work of the seven organizations of the United War WorkWork Campaign, speaks well for thesuccess of the drive to be held In November. -to m to-sTHE PRESIDENT NEEDS STANLEYThe greatest man in all the world,who is carrying the weightiest burden ever placed on mortal shoulders,says in urging the election of Gov,Stanley to the U. -S. Senate, that itis of the utmost importance that headminisration shall have the unlagging assistance of its real friends atthis time. Democrats and other supporters of the President will heedthis appeal by sending the Governorto Washington by . a N ' ma jority thatwill ieave no- doubt about how Kentucky stands in the .determination towin the war at any .cost and any sacrifice. Any other f course would besuicidal and be hailed-with delight byall German sympathizers.Buy MORE Bondsi i .. ..Weekly Price Jlist06 07 to .08 1-3?9.5b per iuu ids., l cent per lb profit12 14 to 1609 - . ...12 to 134 5 65 to 7003v :04 tor .0412 15 to 1816 20 to 23..14. . . . - 18 to .2016 1815 18. .19 . ..25.,33 3905 0712 1458 6432 3840 45to .20to .20to.. 28to .45to .07to .15to .65to .40to 47to .41to $1.05.34 .740.80 $1.00L. D. MITCHELL,Bourbon County Food Administrator.D0UBT DISAPPEARSNo One In Paris Who Has a BadBack Should Ignore ThisDouble Proof.Does your back ever ache?Have you suspected your kidneys?Backache is sometimes kidneyache.With it may be dizzy spells;Sleepless nights, tired, dull daysDistressing urinary disorders.Doan's Kidney Pills have been endorsed by thousands. ,Are recommended here at home.You have read Paris proof.Read now the Paris sequel.Renewed testimony; tested bytime.Mrs. G. W. Newman, E. Tenthstreet, Paris, says: "I had , backaches and at times was rcry nervous.I heard about Doan's Kidney Pillsand used them and they soon had mefeeling better in every way.". Mrs. Newman gave the- above account of her experience with Doan'sKidney Pills on January 17, 1912,and on November 9, 1916, she said:"I still use Doan's Kidney PiUs attimes when I find it necessary. Ihave always received the same goodresults, although I do not have somuch trouble as I used to."Price 60c at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pilte the same thatMrs. Newman had. Foater-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. m (adv)Buy MORE BondsProfessional Cards.WIVi, GRANINANAttorney-at-LawROOMS 401-402HRST NATL BANK BUILDINGDR. WM. KENNEYEyef'Ear,Nofe and ThroatROOMS 403-404FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGPHONE 136BRIGHTER:EVENINGS- Nothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well, illuminated house.IlseOlectrioi'tyfor CigDtitidIt's the only satisfactory way.use SasTor oeanna and CookingIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix You UpFor the Use of; Both ;-Electricity aad.Gas. rVL-2fParis Gas & Electric Co.(InctrDoratadVA BEAUTIFUL W0KAH .Do you know that a beautiful, woman always has a good digestion? Ifyour digestion is faulty, eat light ofmeats, and take an occasional dose ofChamberlain's Tablets to strengthenyour digestion. Price 25c.(adv-oct)i fe feThe masculine idea of an intellectual woman is one who is as thin asa match and wears glasses;It is easier to find fault than tolose it.For Rent.Cottage of five rooms on Higginsavenue. Has bath, gas, electriclight and "'all modern conveniences.Call at premises, No. 681 Higginsavenue. (15-tf)FOR SALESix-cylinder, 5-passenger SaxonAutomobile, in good condition. Hasbrand-new batteries.' A bargain fora quick buyer.PHIL -tfAHER,Cum. Phone 633. Paris, Ky.(15-2t)FOR RENT:Furnished rooms with all modernconveniences. Call at Busy Bee CashStore. (15-4t)For SaleBuick Roadster, 1918 model. Firstclass shape. Good as new. 15-horseFairbanks-Morse portable engine.I. D. THOMPSON.WANTEDThe immediate use of an indexcard-filing case or cabinet by theWoman's Committee of the Councilof National Defense. Please notifythis office.Administrator's Notice.All persons knowing themselvesindebted to the estate of the lateMrs. Mina M. Howell are requestedto settle with the undersigned administrator. Those having claims against theestate will please have same provenaccording to law and present for payment. JAMES M. HUKTLTi,(27-3wks) Administrator.Administratrix's Sale-OF-Personal Property.The undersigned administratrix ofW. B. Woodford, will, at his latehome place on the Paris & Winchester Turnpike, Bourbon County, Kentucky, about five miles from Paris, onTuesday, Oct. 22, 1918,beginning about 10 a. m., expose topublic sale, his personal property, including: 53 yearling cattle;14 cows and calves;106 ewes;8 sows and. 60 shoats;8 old mules;1 two-year-old horse mule;1 yearlingfmare mule;1 3-year-old saddle mare;'1 aged saddle mare; ,1 combination pnare;1 combination horse.Lot of farming implements, corncrusher, corn sheller, wheat fan,rollers, wagons, cultivator, hay tedder, gas. engine, silo filler, corn cutter, mowers, corn planter, etc.Also rop on the farm hay, rye,straw, corn, etc.Also jock crusher, circular saw, etc.Also carriage and harness, buggyand harness, spring-wagon, cart, andlot of work gear.Also lot of articles to be found onan up-to-date farm." TERMS.The sale will be made upon creditof three months, purchaser to execute bond with good surety to be approved by the undersigned, bearinginterest from date of sale, or purchaser may pay cash..Burgoo, sandwiches, coffee, etc.,served.- C.L. WOODFORD,Administratrix of the Estate of W. B.Woodford.M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer.(15-3t)PUBLIC SALECypress Street ResidenceWe will sell at public sale onFRIDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1918attwo o'clock, p?'mt,, thev splendid"street. Mrs. Wallen has movedsplendid homeori Cypress Street in ourjiakdsfor immediate sale. It contains seven rooms, halls, proches, gas,, electric lights, bath, and a splendid cellar. Lot 50x250, more ;or less. This home is in one of the beetneighborhoods in Paris, practically new and built for "a home. lTerws' made known on day of sale. - , 9.Call on Harris & Speakji.c who wflKtakev pleasure' inshowiai youthe7 property. - ' v " (ig-18-22)WANTED.Kitchen Range and Gas HeatersMust be in good condition.Call undersigned at Windsor Hotel,phone, 127.MRS. RICHARD BUTLER.IRONWe pay highest prices for ironjunk, hides and wool.MUNICH & WIDES & CO.,Eighth St., Paris, Ky.,Cumb. Phone 374.N.(23-tf)"Typewriter IVanted.Good second-hand typewriter wanted Underwood preferred. Call THEBOURBON NEWS Telephones, 124.(4-tf)WE BUYOLD FALSE TEETHWe pay from $2.00 to ?35.00 perset (broken or not.) We also payactual value for Diamonds, old Gold,'Silver and Bridge-work. Send atonce by parcel post and receive cashby return mail.MAZER'S TOOTH SPECIALTYDept. X, 2007 So. 5th St.,Philadelphia, Pa.(till29novF)Wanted Junk.We pay the following prices forjunk, which we guarantee the bestprices to be obtained anywhere inthe State. Send us four shipments:Rags, $3.60 per hundred pounds.Mixed Iron, $1.00 p per hundredpounds.Wrought Iron, $1.10 per hundredpounds.Heavy Cast, $1.10 per ' hundredpounds.Bones, $1.20 per hundred pounds- Heavy Copper, 23c per pound.Light Copper, 21c per -pound.Mixed Heavy Brass, 21c per pound.Light Brass, 12c per pound.Lead, 6c per pound.Zinc, 5c per pound.Aluminum, 24c per pound.Boots and Shoes, 7c per pound.Trimmed Arties, 5c per pouad.Inner Tubes, lie per pound.Green Salt Hides, 18c per pound.Green Hides, 16c per pound.Calfskins, 27c per pound.Horse Hides, $6.50 for No. l's., Lambskins, $2.00.Full Wooled Sheepskins, $3.00.Shearlings, $1.50.We also purchase dd and newfeathers, for which we pay the highest price. Send us samples.SPEYER & SON,Lexington, Ky.TREES!We grow a complete assortment of Fruit and ShadeTrees, Shrubs, Vines, Roses,Perennials, Evergreens, Asparagus In fact, "Everything forOrchard, Lawn and Garden." FREE CATALOG.H.F.Hillenmeyer&SonsLexington, Ky.NO AGENTS. "Do You NeedGlasses?Let us make a thorough, scientificexamination of your eyes, based onethical grounds, not to rerommendglasses unless you need them. Askyourself these questions: "Do I haveheadaches, nervous spells, drawn,tired eyes? Does type sometimesblur? Do I see spots before my eyes?"Answer fairly and squarely, for yourown good, for over-strain repeatedlyday by day will break down the delicate nerves and muscles of the eye3and irreparable injury may result.Our years of experience insures accurate results.Dr. Wm. Riley FranklinSuite 205-6 First National Bank,Both Phones, Paris, Ky.OFthe premises, onhome of Mrs. W. A. Wallen, on Cypressaway from Paris, and has placed merf i - --I, f-' FRIDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1918.TUB BOURBOH NEWB, F AKI8. WJtt.;'TEXTOP-ADBKESS OH PRACTICEOF CHTROPRATICS.(By M. E. King M. D., Louisville,Kentucky, In Therapeutic Record,August, 1918.)We are living in a time whenhealth, energy and time are "at apremium and must be conserved. Weare living in the days of selectivedraft, the days of specialists. Theold ways and customs are rapidlypassing away to be supplied by thenew.There is one thing men, are learning, and that is that there is something yet to learn.There was a time when, if youwere sick, you looked for the oldfamily doctor with his saddle pocketsfilled with powders and pills and expected him to get vyou well. Butthings have changed. The time hasarrived for you to be looked afterwhile you are yet in a state of health.Many serums are being used forthis purpose, but I am of the opinionthat even this method will shortlycome to an end.After a careful study of the spineand spinal nerves, I am of the opinionthat the greatest cause of diseaseis nerve pressure. Realizing thatevery organ and tissue of the bodyis controlled by the nerves, or ratherby the nerve energy that passesthrough the nerves. This energy being generated in the brain (thehuman dynamo), is transmitted overthe nerves to every tissue-cell of thebody. -.If there' be any interference in,'the transmission of this energy, therewill be a corresponding weakness ofthe parts supplied, the result of whichwill be disease.The point where pressure is mostliable to occur is where the nervemakes its exitfrom the spine. Therefore I maintain that the spine is theindex to your entire body and yourhealth. Further, that if the vertebras are kept in proper alignment onejvith another, that health will be theresult.I further maintain that every man,woman and child should have his spineexamined every few months by a competent spine specialist, and if a vertebras is found to be subluxated, haveit adjusted at once, in order to keepthis human organism in normal working condition, which means perfectco-ordination between the brain andtissue-cell, and this means health.The medical profession, as a whole,does not accept this Chiropractic idea,but in almost every instance it is dueeither, to prejudice or a lack of investigation. There was a time when I lookedat the Chiropractor through a pairof bifocal lenses, the upper plusprejudice, the lower plus lack of investigation. But, because medicine,with all of its adjuncts had fajled toreach the complicated ailments of myinvalid wife,. I, like a drowning man,grasped for anything in sight. Ilearned of Chiropractic through afriend of mine. I went at once to aSchool of Chiropractic and remainedtwo weeks investigating the Scienceof Chiropractic and, to my surprise,they were actually getting results oncases that were hopelessly incurablefrom, the standpoint of medicine. Isoon saw that the theory that theywere working on was plausible andmet the approval of common, sensethat the question of nerve energy controlling the human body, and thisenergy being interfered withvas thenerve emits from the spine, this inturn would weaken the parts suppliedby 'these nerves making the humanbody more susceptible to Hisease inother words, nerve pressure was thecause of disease.All this opened up a new field ofthought to me, which had never beenpresented through the study of medicine. My wif e was examined at a Schoolof Chiropractic. I noted carefullythat ..the only examination" that wasmade was of the spine, which wasdone by the sense of touch and by theuse of the X-ray, which revealed .alateral curvature plus several subluxated vertebrae. They at once proceeded to correct these subluxatums,and her improvement started at onceand today she is in a good state ofhealth.Seeing the possibilities of thisnew science in the treatment of suffering humanity, I laid aside allprejudice and started into the workin hard earnest and now, after threeyears of experience and clinical observation, I come to the medical profession and advise that they no longerfight Chiropractic, but investigate itsmerits, and then you will not wonderwhy it is that so many of your patientswho have failed to get relief frommedicine have strolled off to theChiropractor and have gotten thething that they most desired, and thatis health.The sooner the medical professionrecognizes the work of a Chiropractor, the better. He is doing a workthat medicine can not do; he belongsexclusively to the class of specialistsand should be so recognized.When I was at school, I was surprised at the training these men weregetting, and any one who takes themfor a bunch of ignoramuses may haveoccasion to change his mind.The object and aim of this paperis to bring to the attention of themedical profession (the profession towhich I have been a part of and contributed to for fifteen years), thatthere is an avenue of relief for manyot the so-called chronics. Refer theseooc , ijiij j -xi-field, Ky., who has been taking ad" ormicu aim uuiillieusin,! ,ctrnonf(4mmmUTKAVUEFRWMI '7f IzwmrtWWZfitiJrih'xftsm'Wlffidsro'Qj?ceafGwp$o2efec&Before applying powder give yourskin a protecting coat ofMARINELLOMotor CreamShields skin against wind and weather.Prevents tan and sunburn. Keeps skin softand velvety. Eliminates cause of most complexion defects. Absolutely essential toproper care of facial besuty. Try it.M. A. PATON ' ,Phone 1010516 MainChiropractor, who wilL - srive themcourteous and ethical treatment. Donot have them leave you in searchof something you can not give.We are rapidly being ushered intoa new era. Let us forget the pastand accept new truths as we findhem and do what we can for sufferinghumanity.1 aGERMANS ABANDONING- THEIIZEEBRUGGE BASES.LONDON, October 17. Several ofGerman's largest torpedoboats recently left Zeebrugge, one of the German naval bases on the Belgiancoast, during a stormy night, according to' a Dutch frontier message forwarded from Amsterdam on Mondayto the Central News agency. TheGerman warships were filled to theircapacity with soldiers and proceededfor Germany. The Germans also arereported to be evacuating Ostend.Buy MORE BondsCAN NOWEAT ANDCOMPORT.SLEEP INIf troubled with indigestion orsleeplessness you should read whatMiss Agnes Turner, Chicago, 111., hasto say: "Overwork, irregular mealsand carelsness regarding the ordinaryrules of health, gradually underminded it until last fall I became awreck of my former self. I sufferedfrom continual headache, wasunableto digest my food, which seemed tolay as a dead weight on my stomach.I was very constipated and my complexion became dark, yellow andmuddy as I felt. Sleeplessness wasadded to my (misery, and I wouldawake as tired as when I' went tosleep. I heard of Chamberlain's Tablets and found such relief after taking them that I kept up the treatmentfor nearly two months. They cleansed my stomach, invigorated my system, and since that time I can eat andsleep in comfort. I apn to-day entirely well"(adv-oct)SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings "aid Goinjpi V of OurPeople Bere, There d:. Elsewhere.X - .Mrs. Edsell Clark has returnedfrom a sojourn at ftawson Springs.Mrs. Frahx Kiser has gone toMartinsville, Ind., for a protractedstay at the Springs.Miss Pauline Atkinson lias returned to her home in Owensboro after a visit to friends in this city.Mrs. J. C. Elgin, Sr., who hasbeen quite ill at her home on. Seventh street, is .considerably improved.Mr. Ossian Sprake, formerly ofParis, Louisville & Nashville engineer, is very ill with influenza atCorbin. m !Mr. John Childs, of Woodfordcounty, was a guest this week of hissister, Mrs. Henry Spears, on Mt.Airy avenue.- Miss Juliet Turner has returned from Hamilton -College, at Lexington, to remain until the influenzahas abated. vMrs. Carrie Buckner, of Winchester, is a guest of Mrs. Amos Turney, at her home on the Maysvillepike, near Paris.Mr. John H. Roseberry has returned from a two-weeks' stay .atMartinsville, Ind., where he went forthe benefit of his health.Mn and Mrs. Henry Butler havereturned to Latonia after a visit tothe former's parents, Mr. and Mrs.W. O. Butler, near this city.Mr. Jos. Japnes, who has beentaking a vacation, is ill of influenzaat the home of his sister-in-law, Mrs.M. H. Highland, in Covington.Messrs. Jos. Lavin and EwellRenaker have returned from an. extended stay at Hot Springs. Bothwere greatly benefitted by their stay.Mr. and Mrs. Victor Howardhave""" returned, to their home inGeorgetown .after a visit to Mr. andMrs. George K. Redjinon, near Paris.Misses Fannie ari& Frieda Hellerare home from their schools at Newport and Lexington, respectively, onaccount of the prevalence of influenza. Mrs. Geo. E. Clave! 1, of Moore-WWffl AVOIDBACKACHE ANDNERVOUSNESSTold by Mrs. Lynch FromOwn Experience.Providence, R. I.-MI was all rundown in health, was nervous, had head-aches, my backached all the time.I was tired and hadno ambition for anything. I had takena dumber of medicines which did meno good. One dayI read about LydiaE. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound andwhat it had done forwomen, so I triedit. My nervousnessand backache andheadaches disappeared. I gained inweight and feel fine, so I can honestlyrecommend Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound to any woman who issuffering as I was. ' ' Mrs. Adeline B.Lynch, 100 Plain St, Providence,- R. I.Backache and nervousness are symptoms or nature's warnings, which indicate a functionalvdisturbance or anunhealthy condition which often devel-1 ops into a more serious ailment.women in xnis conamon snouia notcontinue to drag along without help, butJniwfif M IWrc I.-trnh'a ovnartanoa anrl"!try this famous root and herb remedy,Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-Eound and for special advice write toydia E. Pinkham Med.Co., Lynn, Mass.Miimwwum ii inn i4 1 1 1 nfThe J. T. Hinton Go.UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMMRS ...Paris Ky,1Mainand SixthStreetsDay phone 36Nlsht s . .56or Home 286Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourLimousine Invalid Coach. NHearse used for funeral purposes only.rj i iiiiiiimiHimiimiiiH""HMnitijustments of Dr. Mohneythe past twowjeeks returned home much improvedin health.Mrs. Keith Spears McClintock,of Kingston, New York, is-a guest ofher aunt, Mi's. E. F. Spears. This isher first visit to her old home inmany years.Mrs. Nutter Wood of Hattiesburg, Miss., is visiting her grandmother, Mrs. Annie Stevenson, nearClintanville.Prof, and Mrs. J. T. Hazlerigg,of Shelbyville, have been guests thisweek of the latter's mother, Mrs. Q.A. Daugherty, and family, on Mt.Airy avenue.Miss Mary Elizabeth Dean,daughter of Mr. and Mrs. John Dean,has taken a position as stenographerin the service of the First NationalBank, in Paris.Mr. Edwin Thomas, Jr., has returned to his school duties at. CentreCollege, Danville, after a few daysvisit to his father, Hon.jpiawte MThomas, in this city. " - ' --Mr. Martin J. Heller and familyhave returned to their home in Huntington, W. Va., after a visit to hisparents, Mr. and Mrs. P. M. -Heller,Sr., on Second street.Miss Lizzie Hill, who recentlyunderwent a surgical operation atthe Good Samaritan Hospital, in Lexington, was reported yesterday asbeing greatly improved.Mr. Wm. Rogers, son of Mr. andMrs. Warren Rogers, of Cane Ridge,who has been ill with influenza at theKentucky Military Institute, at Lyndon, Ky., is greatly improved.Miss Mary Edwards has acceptedthe position at the Tiacket Store,made -vacant by the resignation ofMiss Sena Rion, who has gone toWinchester to reside in the future.Mrs. Swiney Ray, who is a member of the nursing staff at the BaseHospital, at Camp .Zachary Taylor, after a few days rest at her home, hasreturned to her duties at the cajmp.Mr. Jos'. Rassenfoss, son of Mr.and Mrs. George Rassenfoss, formerresidents of this city, no.v residing inMt. Sterling, spent several days herethis week a guests of friends andrelatives.Miss Katherine Eskridge, teach-i er of music in the Little Rock GradedSchool, has gone to,her home in Hardinsburg to remain until the influenza ban is lifted, and the schools arereopened.Mrs. Belle. Brent Alexander,Mrs. Tillie Brent Woodall and Mrs.James Ernst, who came up from Covington to attend the dedication of-thenew Presbyterian church, which waspostponed indefinitely, remained overas guests of relatives this week.Mr. Arch Woodford, who hasbeen attending school at Center College, Danville, wasvbrought to the"home of his. parents, Mr. . and Mrs.Benj. Woodford, Sr., this week, suffering from, a slight attack of influenza. He was reported yesterday byhis physicians as being out of danger.MrHord W. Mann has resumedhis position as Assistant Cashier atthe First National Bank in this city.Mr. Mann had planned to go toFrance for Army Y. M. p. A. work,but received official information fromChicago, Wednesday, that he had notqualified successfully in-the physicalexaminations. -Lexington Herald: "Mrs. WillHoward returned to her home in Miliersburg yesterday ,after a visit toher sister, Mrs. A. Mclntyre, in thiscity Miss Margaret Ninevav ofJParis, is a guest of Miss Anna McNamara. . . .Mr. Samuel Yeoman was aguest of friends in Paris severalSays this week. . . .Mr. Jos. M. Hall,of Paris, who has been confined tohis room at St. Joseph's Hospital forsome time, is slowly "improving.;.. .Mr. Holton Ball will spend the weekend with-friends, in 'Paris.., . .MissGenevieve Molloy, who has' been intjie service of the Government inWashington for some time, has been,seriously ill. Word. has beenr received by friends hereN that she is recovering slowly and hopes to be out:soon." . s .COther Personals on Page, 5.)'ALLIES CAPTURE ROULEKS, ANIMPORTANT TOWN.LONDON, October 17. BritishFrench and Belgian forces, in theirnew drive against the German positions in Belgium, have capturedRoulers.Roulers is an important railwaytown 12 miles northwest of Ypres. Itis the key from the south of the Uboat bases at Ostend and Zeebrugge.The Belgians in their recent offensive captured Roulers, but subsequently had to abandon it.An advance of five miles on a tenmile front hals been made by the allies. Courtrai is threatened from thenorth. The advance continues.The allies have reached the townof Lendelede, four miles northwest ofCourtrai, and the line runs in frontof Eseghem. ,The French alone have taken 3,000prisoners.- 153 m. Buy MORE BondsSINCERE GRATITUDEMrs. William Bell, Logansport,Ind., writes: "I deem it my duty toexpress my gratitude for- the goodChamberlain's Colic and DiarrhoeaRemedy did me when I had a severeattack of diarrhoea three years ago.It was the only medicine that relieved me.". (adv-oct)- - -' 'V-V 4JTXjV7ZJ -V & .V T 9 HK r. . VMLsrm&The Autumn Wei worths Are. Here and the Price isStill UnchangedHere's, an announcement of which we are justly proud,for it evidences many things about which a real servicesgiving store has a right to feel proud.First, it stresses the point that we will keep prices aslow as we can as Jong as we can.Second, it proves the benefit to ths consumer of ourintimate co-operation with worthy manufacturers.Thirdly, it exemplifies a style service, which Jjring3 usthe new styles first, the same styles on the same day asthey first appear in the recognized style . centers of t thecountry. -These Welworths are still priced at . " 1$2.00. They now and for many"months past have represented values .that would" warrant a much higherprice. Before the end of the pres-ent year the price must inevitablybe increased to $2.50. "WE ARE SOLE DISTRIBUTORS $)R THIS CITY OFTHE WELWORTH AND WIRTHMOR THE THRIFT, BLOUSES OF AN ENTIRE NATION.-- 1woLr,wiLE e co, ILEXINGTON, KY. , j1SPECIALSFOR SATURDAY4c33k65cJersey Sweet Potatoesper pound 1Irish Potatoesper poundCabbage 'per pound.York 'Imperial Apples-per peckCome ,to my store withthe cash and your marketbasket and reduce the highcost of living. See my lineof pure fruit preserves.MRS. ELLIS'CASH AND CARRYGROCERYOpposite" Court HouseTO THEFARMERSof Bourbon CountyAetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFireJTheftCollisionProperty! DamageLiability, And OtherCasualtiesWe Invite All Farmers ofBourbon County to See. the Wonderful , K .. , - . .CLEVELANDTRACTORIf you are interested in betterv andmore economical farming, co'me inand see what this little wottdefis doing for others. . . ; - .We Can Demonstrateit 'to- You Any DayJOv FiE;e-lAGENTSC. S: BALLGARAGECor. Fourthand Pleasant St,IXIXI:'XIIXIXAXIKIXIXIXI-XIXIXIXIXIXIXI( iw J.'HI1",).IXIXIX?,. 1.ii-lI- s. cSL'ispwTJv- ;v,- Av r'-.4jA h-,-jrr;vT- i,Tift' .. -"tr" V-VN.W -THE BOOtBON NEWS, PAWS, n. Tm xFRIDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1918.fusionICHIROPRACTIC THE SENSIBLE, DRUGLESS ROADHEALTHCHIROPRAC(Pronounced Ki-ro-prak-tic.)-i " y nIHr-?UmftBy Properly Adjusting Your Spine the ChiropractorCorrects the Cause of Sickness. Then Your1 Nerves Do their Work and ThusHealth Is Restored3There Is a Wide Difference of Opinion as toWhich is the Best Health MethodI know I am practicing a work that has accomplished much good 'for the sick of this community. I fully believe my spinal adjustmentswill effect receoveries in practically all physical ailments. That belief isbased on what has really been accomplished by Chiropractic in thepast.Ask Your NeighborMy benefitted patients are numerous. No man seeking patronagefrom the people can give better evidence of the worth of his goodsthan the whole-hearted testimony of those who use them.The Science of Chiropracticassumes that the human body is self-competent to care for its healthneeds, if the way of life force from the brain to all its organs, tissues,md parts is unobstructed. The correctness of the theory has twenty- . fjg,three years of successful practice to prove it. From a One-Man ideaand a One-Man practice the science has growrf to nine or ten thousandmembers. A goodly number of these are men who have given their livesto the study of the health problem and who joined themselves to the .Chiropractic work for its advantages over all other health systems.I have no hesitancy in saying that my business is as soundly established on honest principles as that of any other health mode andthat I am certain that hundreds of sick and ailing people in this community can find a ready and substantial relief from their ailmentsthrough my spinal adjustments.Displaced Spinal Joints Pressof Life Energy..4awHealth Force Comes from the Brain to allBody Parts, thru the Nerves.rvara?mtinxsrBvEKttrrA Good Many Peoplein OperationsThey are very often unnecessary. By Spinal Adjustment I haverestored to health many cases of Appendicitis, Tonsilitis, Gall Stones,Adenoids, Tumors, Etc., that were said by some to be incurable byanything but an operation.Operations should be the very last resort. Give' nature the firstchance. Save your body organs. They are all useful. He who saysthat your Appendix and Tonsils are useless is dictating to the Creator.The Cause of RheumatismIt is due to nerve pressue at the spine. There are many preparations on the market used to alleviate this disease. People use thempossibly getting some relief but the rheumatism sticks to them Itwill until its cause is removed. No medicine can reach and remove itsI can prove by several affidavits that Chiropnctic'acustmehtscause.will often completely overcome even the most obstinate andforms of rheumastism..severeJVnBMAL5A"5PNCHEDNERVe.What is Commonly CalledNervousnessis a condition resulting from inability of the nerves to convey vitalenergy to body organs in normal quantity owing to pressure at thespine. This results in disease. My adjustments have overcome general Nervousness as well as such disorders as Nervous Indigestion, Dyspepsia, Nervous Asthma, Heart Trouble, Nervous Headache, Etc.-tNerve Trunks and Affects TransmissionThis is the Cause of Disease.AN ANALOGYANATOMICALIf there is a kink in your gaden hose, or a weight thereon andtie water does not run freely, you do not look for the trouble at thenozzle. You know that this obstruction keeps the water from flowing. Pressure on a nerve acts in much the same way. Heavy pressure on the nerves that supply a limb induces paralysis. If the nervesupplying the stomach were cut, the stomach could no more digestgf the food than if it were placed in a bag. PRESSURE on these nervesmay cause indigestion or dyspepsia, constipation, etc. Treating theaffected organ alone is just like treating the nozzle; is is only treatig the symptom instead of removing the cause (the pressure.)The spinal cord leaves the brainrat the base of the skull, andenters the spinal column or backbone. The backbone, as can be seen.in the illustration, is made up of several smaller bones, or vertebrae.Each vertebrae has an opening through it, and when placed end toend they form a hollow column; hence the name "spinal column."Now the canal running through the center of this column is for thepassage of the spinal cord. As the spinal cord descends it gives off31 pair of spinal nerves. These nerves emerge through the smallopenings as snown in Figures 1 and 2. Each nerve as it passes thruits allotted opening completely fills it. After clearing the spinal col- .,umn each nerve branches and spreads to such an extent that theicombined ramifications of the 31. pair reach every part of .the body'and form such a dense network that we cannot press a pin point tothe body without pain. It is by thisjremarkable system of nervesthat the brain is enabled to control and govern the function and action of every organ and tissue in the jaody.When this complete control existsfwe are in a state of HEALTH.HOW SUBLUXATION OCCURSIt often occurs that by a fall, wrench blow, or accident one ormore of the vertebrae become slightly twisted or SUBLUXATED, asshown in Pigue 2. As the illustration shows, this subluxationcauses the nerve opening to become much smaller than it shoulci benaturally and in consequence the nerve in passing through this opening gets pinched by the hard edges of the bones. It can easily beseen that a nerve pinched in this manner cannot transmit nerve impulse as well as a nerve free from pressure. As a result of this pressure the tissue at the end of this nerve becomes DISEASED. If thisnerve supplies a muscle, that muscle becomes paralyzed. If thenerve goes to the stomach some form of stomach trouble would result. This theory and method of removing PRESSURE UPONNERVES FOR THE ELIMINATION OF THE CAUSE OF DISEASEIS SO DIFFERENT from other systems it may at first thought appear impossible. Results speak for themselves. Ask any one whohas ever tried Chiropractic.MY Work is in Harmon' with all the Essential facts Concerning Nature's Rule in the BodyTake the attitude of the Scholar and earnest seeker after .truth a$k for information, reason and proofs. If you have need of a purely Druglesshelp for your health, that has produced splendid results for others, I sincerely commend my system of spinal adjustment. Employ this methodwhen you first feel sick and your ailment will not become chronic. -t.. MQHNEY, ChiropractorGraduate of the Famous Palmer School of ChiropracticOFFICE IN MASONIC TEMPLE, PARIS, KY.u?ftsHots S to 12 A.and 1:30 to 5:30 P.jfrj-' ' "Cumberland Mm No. 993i "Kw.' Ivt 4 , v '''Ivy7 -. - ,f- V. . fAr itf At 'trX ,4. fc-V k. - -Vr .,...J3S4F-7FRIDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1918.3 XT" :7fe yTHE BOURBON NEWS, PAHS, KTpage nn'rEMHHiMliHBHHHMMMiMMM1 'FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEPAY YOUR WATER RENTWater rents are due and payable at office. Call at once.PARIS WATER CO.ECONOMY IN SUITS()When you buy the kind we sell.Tliey are all wool and guaranteed towear $25 to $45.J. W. DAVIS & CO.WANTED.A rush order from Camp ZacharyTaylor and Cajtnp Buell calls for largenumbers of pillow cases, sheets andpillows. Those having these articlesto donate are requested to leave sameat Red Cross rooms at court house before Monday noon when shipmentwill be made.ja is laSEEING IS BELIEVING.Come to my Cash-and-Carry-Gro-ceryand see for yourself. All goodsmarked in plain figures. Freshcandies, cakes and fruits.Potatoes, 3 cents per pound.ELLIS' CASH-AND-CARRY-GROCERY., 3 lEi !3VALE, CANINES!Patrolman George W. Judy inaugurated a campaign yesterdayagainst the band of worthless dogsthat have been holding canine conventions in the court house yard. Hesucceeded in sending three of thebunch to their happy huntinggrounds by means of well-directedshots from a 22-caliber rifle. Keep upthe good work. Paris has long beeninfested with these worthless curs,which have been declared a menaceto health, by spreading disease. Theirextermination will -not cause manytears to be shed, and from a humanitarian point of view, it is a consummation devoutly to be wished for.TB liSi ISAPPLES, APPLES.Greening apples at $2.00 perbushel. They are nice. Better buynow.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.is ?a TsSEE PELD'S SCHOOL SHOES BESTAND STRONGEST LINE.,What about your boy's, Misses'and children's school shoes? Don'toverlook Peld's Shoe Store when youare ready toVbuyt A& usual we havethe best and stroMSSl line to selectfrom. m .-ix? (sePt3tfBODIES MUST BE$AKENtDIRCETTO UNDERTAKEN-In construing the order of the StateBoard of Health regarding the bodiesof victims of Spanish influenza shipped from one place to another, Dr. J.N. McCormick the Secretary of theBoard,' said that bodies must be takendirect to undertaking establishmentsand from there to the cemeteries,where the funeral services jmay beheld.A service at the grave in the openalwavs most desirable in case ordisease, Dr. McCormickSOCIAL AND PERSONAL;Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.iscontagioussaid."The first duty of the Board ofHealth," he said, "is to protect theliving and it asks the co-operation ofall ministers and undertakers in carrying out this rule."IS 6 IATTRACTIVE DRESSESThe Pendleton Shop has just received a shipment of attractive dresses in serges and satins. 135 Bt MainStreet, Lexington, Ky. (15-3t)w m mGAS HEATERS CONNECTED DPPREE OF CHARGE.Now is the time to have that "NewProcess" Gas Stove put up. oiqdays are near at hand. We connectthem up for you free of charge. Savea plumbing bill.(8-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.ta s fcaPROMINENT BREEDER ANDPARMER TO RETIRE(From Thoroughbred Record, October 12.)Having disposed of his Sister MaryStock Farm, Mr. Martin Doyle, ofParis, Ky., requests The Record toannounce his retirement from theranks pf bloodstock breeders, andthat on October 26 all of his seventeen head of brood mares and twelveAveanlings wil be offered for sale byuuhlir. anr.tirm. at the Sister MaryFarm, near Paris, Ky. All of thetwelve weanlings are by Magneto andall of the mares have also been bredto this horse. Magneto is a nine-year-oldson of Star Shoot and MarieFrances, by Sir Ditfon, and traces viaThe Niece Uncle's dam to the famous Maggie B. B. This -season Magneto has qut the two juvenile winners, Frogtown and Cockroach, andis bred to attain success as a sire, Deing bred very much an the same plan,as that successful sire Uncle.Three of Mr. Doyle's mares, SisterAgnes, Margaret Roche and Marguerite Doyle, tracted to Sister, by KingAlfonso, dam of that good mare oiater Mary. Fidget is by Plaudia, outof that fine race mare Outcome. MaryDay comes of the Galopade line, oneof the best families in existence. Infact, all of Mr. Doyle's'mares haveT)een selected with a thorough understanding that it pays only to breed tothe best and from the best.The twelve weanlings ar,e a likely,Avell grown lot, many of them brothers andJ sisters to good winners, andall sons and daughters of the homesire, Magneto.Bearrweli-in mind the date set, Oct.26, for' thfe holding of Cr. Doyle',sale. srnA if at all nossible attend inMrs. B. F. McClure has returnedfrom a visit to her children in Morgan county.Mrs. Irene Veatch Isaacs has goneMaysville, where she will be a guestof Mrs. Younger Linville.Mr. George W. Stuart returnedlast night from a visit to his son,Mr. John M. Stuart, at Camp Meade,Md.Prof. J. m. Scott has returnedfrom Boone county, where he hasspent the past three weeks in farmwork.Deputy State Fire Marshal Jno.Feeney, of Covington, was a guestthis week of Mr. and Mrs. John PeteCain, on Higgins avenue.Mrs. Clara Williams, of Philadelphia, is a guest at the home ofMrs. Edward P. Turner, on the Clintonville pike, near Paris.Rev. and Mrs. W. P. Walker,who have been guests of Mr. andMrs. Miller Lail, near Paris, have returned to their home in Altoon, Pa.Mr. Walter Meng has returnedfrom a trip through Indiana amiIllinois, where he purchased severalfine Duroc Jersey hogs to add to hisherd.Miss Lizzie Hill returned Wednesday night from the Good Samaritan Hospital, at Lexington, whereshe has been a patient for the pasttwelve days.Mr. Jos. J. Grosche, of the Louisville & JNashville, is able to be outand attending to his duties after anillness of ten days, during which timehe was confined to his room.Deputy Sheriff O. L. Marshallwas taken suddenly ill last ' nightabout six o'clock and was taken tohis hope by a physician. At a latehour he was reported as resting easy.Winchester Daily Democrat:"Mrs. White Varden, of Paris, isvisiting Mrs. Ruf us Lisle .... MissesMildred Lisle a-nd Nell Bush have returned from a visit to relatives inParis."Mr. Jack Murray, representingthe R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co., is inParis arranging matters for hisforces who will handle their tobaccoproduct when the season's salesopen in December.Mr. Charles Wilson, one of theprcjminent farmers of the Shawhanvicinity, is convalescing from the attack of pneumonia. Mrs. Wilson, whohas been in constant attendance uponher husband, is ill.Mr. J. R. Anderson and sister,Miss Ida Anderson, of Parkersburg,West Virginia, are spending severaldays in Paris. They are here looking up legal matters in connectionwith the will of their deceased brother, the late Supt. W. H. Anderson,which will be contested in the Bourbon Circuit Court.. :Mr. James A. McDonald, wellknown Confederate veteran, who hasspent part of the summer in Parisand Bourbon county, as a guest ofold friends, has gone to Pewee Valley to spend the winter with comrades at the Confederate Home. Mr.McDonald was a member of GeneralRoger Hanson's command in theConfederate Army.Cynthiana Democrat: "Mrs.John Mattox, of Paris, was a guest ofher mother, in this city, Tuesday andWednesday .... Mrs. John Lee -anddaughter, Miss Ruth Lee, have returned to their home in Paris after avisit to the former's parents, Mr.and Mrs. Laf e Dills, in this cityThe following Cynthiana people attended the funeral and burial of Mr.Amos Turney atjParis, Monday: Mr.and Mrs. R. S. Withers, Mr. and Mrs.W. Mack Turney, Miss Julia McKeeand Mrs. John T. McKee Mr. andMrs. Vernon Parks, of Paris, arespending a few days with Mrs. Parks'parents, at Lair. Mr. and Mrs. Parksand Mr. and Mrs. Ira Parks and sonwill leave in a few weeks for Floridato spend the winter."(Other Personals on Page 3)BED CROSS TEA ROOM TO BE-RE-OPENED.It will be good, news to the manypatrons of the Red Cross Tea Roomsto know that they will be reopenednext Monday, October 21, when theladies will be found at their usualplaces, ready to serve the public.The rooms, which have been in successful operation since last September, were closed several days ago forone week by consent of the management. The lack of a hot water boiler, essential in keeping the dishes, utensils, etc., sterlized, and the lack ofother equippnent along that line madethe matter of keping the rooms goingan uncertainty. The young womentook affairs in their own handsafter sending out an appeal for someone to donate them a hot water boilerand purchased one from their ownfunds. This is now being installed,as well as other necessary equipmentfor safety-first sanitary purposes, andthe rooms will be opened as abovestated .next Monday.The same committee announced tobe in charge of the Rooms last weekwill have charge next week Mrs.John F. Davis, Chairman, assisted byMisses Mary Fithian Hutchcraf t, Carolyn Roseberry and Margaret Ferguson, Mrs. Edward Prichard, Mrs. Oscar Hinton. Mrs. WoodfordMrs. Fay Ardery and Mrs.Whipple.Contributions of dairybutter, cream and milk,hams, ducks, etc., will be welcomedat the Rooms and served out in aworthy cause'to the many hungrypatrons who will come to the Roomsagain next Monday. No vegetableswith the possible exception of tomatoes, are needed at present.l is ?aALLEGED HOBO ''PINCHED."Daniel,Durandarticles,countryWhile endeavoring to board an outgoing freight on the Louisville &Nashville, Thos. Combs alias CharleyFoley, of Morgan county, was placedunder arrest by Chief of Police Linkand Patrolman Lusk on a work-or-fightcharge. Combs was placed injail, where he is being held awaiting trial in the Federal court.LOSTA white pointer bitch, with tanears. Liberal reward for her return or information lading to her recovery. Notify Bush Bishop orErnest Martin. (ostl8-tf)For Sale.Gem Garland Gas Stove.JOHN F. DAVIS,(It)Phone 71.Hay For SaleAlfalfa and Clover Hay, Baled.Delivered in Paris in any quantity.Cumb.-Phones 510 and 997.Home Phones 79 and 247.(18-3t)- - - , , ,HARRY SIMON's!1 BIG IClosingOut1 Sale! 1fZ7E ARE STILL KEPT BUSY accommodating our many customers with the H! 1 I rare bargains we have offered ever since the beginning of our BIG H?a lEravrccsii t " nFor Rent.Cottage of four rooms on Winchester street. Has gas, electric lights,bath and all modern improvements.Apply toMRg. MARIA LYONS,(18-tf) No. 918 Main St.BOURBON DEMOCRATS TO OPENCAMPAIGN OCTOBER 21.Although politics has stood adjourned on account of the FourthLiberty Loan campaign engrossingthe attention of the people, the political pot will begin to boil in Bourbon county on Monday, October 21,at 1:30 p. m., when Hon. J. Campbell Cantrill, Congressman from theSeventh district,- will rekindle thefires in a speech at the court house.Congressman Cantrill has alwaysbeen popular with the Democrats ofthis county, and his steadfast backing of President Wilson during thewar has made "him more popularhere, and he will probably be given av,r,-.r ri7?iirtn nnri eniect new lifeinto the campaign.Congressman win i. jicuiuuiujl,of the Bourbon County DemocraticCampaign Committee has appointed acorps of working Democrats in eachprecinct to arouse the voters to theimportance of getting out a big votefor Governor Stanley for UnitedStates Senator. Every Democrat issatisfied that Bourbon county will goover the top for the Governor andthat his majority in the county willbe very little short of 500. Gov.Stanley will visit Bourbon county inthe near future and deliver an address to' the voters.. S3 9& Si ,.THE PICTUREFROM HOME!E ARE STILL KEPT BUSY accommodating our many customers with theJ rare bargains we have offered ever since the beginning of our BIGCLOSING OUT SALE. In addition to the great bargains we have alreadyoffered, we have added new lines of Fall and Winter Goods, which were boughtbefore we decided to close out the Paris store, and as the goods have advancedfrom 30 to 50 per cent we have decided to give the public the benefit of the lowprices which will be placed an all the new merchandise rather than give it to themanufacturers.THE NEW STOCK CONSISTS OF-SuitsDresses SkirtsALSO A LINE OFChildren's Coats and DressesHARRY SIMONMAIN STREET, PARIS, KY,atwwiiyCTiPS4. J.J1WW n ..t CJ,f,. .. ." ..-i -- ji xu VTittiTiBr sweaters uuiy. cmw;person. For turtner parucuina mu usi ""ZuhmiruZA tor oa.llfcir'briSTOVES,. STOVES.You had hetter have your stovesready for these cold spells that areliable to turn up any morning. We(8-tO "a. F. WHEELER & CO:. m m mATTENTION. KNITTEES!.Please turn in all finished knittedgarments. Headsuarters is callingfor them to be shipped as early aspoSi' i now Dlenty of yarn to beo.i&w ' t - , c..ouy.don't Forget It!The biggest and most vitalissue-in the morale of our armyis keeping the boys cheerful andcare-free.When their routine work isover, thoughts naturally turn toNnome. Ana the nearest approach to home is the letterfrom home with the simple homepictures made by brother or sister, father or mother.Keep Your Kodak BusyFor the Sake of theBoys "Over There."FBUOW IE FLAG!Every, mother or father, or if none, nearest relative, isentitled to one of our largeRAND-McNALLYWAR MAPSw-V-Daugherty Bros.- Kodaks and Supplies -FilmsDeveloped Free. -- Fifth and MainABSOLUTELYFREEj 314,xs '?SBy simply giving us their address and calling for map.Others may secure this big War Map by giving us theiraddress, paying 10 cents and calling for map. WEWANT ONE IN EVERY HOME !-?See Them in Our WindowTHE J.T HINTON CO.MOTOR HEARSE-MOTOR INVALID COACHUNDERTAKING'EITrtERPHOINJr' 36--!.' N'SIXTH AND MAIN STS,'?". v.V. f!Mlit :5-.'' ' Mi& Banah Owens.Paris, xr.iirvipwIri-irvk$YJ0X9BI CLEAR COMPLEXION, Buddy Cheeks Sparkling EyesMost Women Can Have- Says Dr. Edwards, a Well-KnownOhio PhysicianDr. F. M. Edwards for 17 years treatedcores of women for liver and bowelailments. During these years he gave tohis patients a prescription made of a fewwell-known vegetable ingredients mixedwitk olive oil, naming them Dr. Edwards'dive Tablets. You will know them bytheir olive color.These tablets are wonder-workers, on theliver and bowels, which cause a normaaction, carrying off the waste and poisonous matter in one's system.If you have a pale face, sallow look, dulleyes, pimples, coated tongue, headaches, alistless, no-good feeling, all "out of sorts,inactive bowels, you take one of Dr.Edwards Olive Tablets nightly for a timeand note the pleasing results.Thousands of women as well as mentake Dr. Edwards Olive Tablets the successful substitute for calomel now and"then just to keep in the pink of condition10c and 25c per box. All druggists.GERMANY CRIES "DON'T BOMBARD OUR CITIES.' AMSTERDAM, Octobr 17e. Anofficial statement from Berlin saysthat the German government hasproposed to France that, in commonwith her Allies, France undertake toxefrain from bombarding the largetowns of Northern France and enterinto an agreement with Germany topermit, at any rate, a portion of thepopulation of Valenciennes to passinto the French lines.The Berlin government, in niakingthis proposal, represented itself asunable to prevent the eastward flightof the population of Valenciennes,: owing to their fears that the Allieswould bombard the town. The proposal was made throughgovernment.i The foregoing officialirom Berlin is the mostthe Swissstatementsignificantcommunication f rom Germany sincethe beginning of her recent efforts toobtain peace. It is the first definiteindication of a concrete yielding ofthe military demands of the Allies, and is fraught with the most momentous possibilities. It is easily to beeonstruced as the first step towardthe ultimate, complete and unconditional surrender of Germany.BRONCHIAL TROUBLE.Mrs. A. E. Sidenberder, Rockfield,Ind., states: "For an attack ofbronchial trouble which usually assails 'me in the spring I find Chamberlain's Cough Remedy the onlything that gives me relief. Afternsing it for a few days all signs ofbronchial trouble disappears."(adv-oct)BiBT ETTERS from our boys in the trenches and" from the women in canteen and otherwar work, all bring: to us the same mMsage SEND US NEWS FROM HOME.World news is all right, but OUB BOYSwant NEWS OF THIS TOWN. They wantthe home newspaper. Publishers are preventedirom sending their papers free to anyone, evenboys in the service. Consequently a nationalmovement has been started by Col. WilliamBoyce Thompson of New York, who is actingaB President of the Home Paper Service ofAmerica to give the boyswhat they are callingfor. Every community is joining the movementLet us see that our boys are not forgotten.Send to the publisher of this newspaperwhatever amount of money you can 5cents or $50.00. We will publish a listeach week of those contributing, and theamounts contributed.Every cent received will be used to sendthis paper to our boys at the front. ' If atthe end of the war, there is any surplus, itwill be torned over to the local Red CrossCommittee.There is no profit in this to the publishereven in normal time, subscriptions are not soldat a profit. With war prices prevailing, and thehigh rate of postage on papers sent to France,our cost will scarcely be covered by our fullsubscription price.Remember that over in France, anmf . aoldier or sailor fromome Bpienoia woman wording withinv sound ofthe guns is depending on you to "KEEP THEHOME LOVE KINDLED."They axe calling to YOU 'from "X3ver ThreOIVE WHAT YOU CAN .- , ' ,f BOURBON NEWSHOW TO TELL. WHAT TO DO IN-'ELUENZA.You have "flu if you have generalpains in head, back of eyes, in limbsand joints.You feel weak, chilly and feverishand "grippy."You cough, sneeze and your eyesget red.You are hoarse.You are constipated or "sufferingfrom diarrhea.Your stomach is upset and youvomit.Your pulse does not increase inproportion to the fever.If you get the flu, go home.Go to bed.t Call a physician.Drink plenty of water, preferablyhot water.Drop a few drops of argyrol or similar solution into .nostrils about twicea day.Sleep in warm, well ventilatedroom.Keep away from others.Keep away from work.Don't worry.How to prevent flu. Avoid needless crowding.Smother your cough and sneezes.Remejmber the three C's -a cleanmouth, clean skin and clean clothes.Open yie windows always athome at night; at work when practicable. Choose and chew your food well.Your fate may be in your ownhands wash your hands before eating. unnK a glass or two of water on,getting up.Don't use a napkin, towel, spoon,fork, glass or cup which has beenused by another and not washed.Avoid tight clothes, tight shoes,tight gloves.Breathe pure air and breathe deeply through your nose.Ea Pa iaCATARRH CANNOT BE CUREDwith LOCAL APPLICATIONS, as theycannot reach the seat of the disease.Catarrh is a local disease, greatly influenced by constitutional conditions,and in order to cure it you must takean, internal remedy. Hall's CatarrhMedicine is taken internally and actsthrough the blood 'on the mucoussurfaces of the system. Hall's Catarrh Medicine was prescribed byone of the best physicians in thiscountry for years. It is composed ofsome of the best tonics known, combined with some of the best bloodpurifiers. The perfect combination ofthe ingredients in Hall's CatarrhMedicine is what produces such wonderful results in catarrhal conditions.Send for testimonials, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Props.,Toledo, Ohio.Hall's Family Pills for constipation.All Druggists, 75c.(adv-oct)this town perhaps evensTHE BOIJKBON MIWS,MILLERSBURGDr. W. M. Miller continues aboutthe safme.Miss Laura Jefferson continuesabout thNe same.Mrs. G. W. Judy is improving after a severe attack of stomachtrouble.There are several cases of influenza in the town and community, allin a mild form.Mrs. T7 E. Bowles and daughter,Miss Martha Tom Bowles, are visitingrelatizes at Cynthiana.Mrs. R. M. Caldwell received amessage from Georgetown to the effect that her brother, Mr. W. D. DeBell, is ill with Spanish influenza.Mise Bessie Dasher, of Macon,Ga., who is teaching at Japkson, Ky.,is the guest of her sister, Mrs. J. H.Barnes, while the schools are closed.Mr. William Baldwin, who is inthe U. S. Army at Ft. Thomas, is recovering after an attack of Spanishinfluenza, and hopes to be at his postof duty in a few days.Mr. R. B. McWhorters died Monday at one o'clock a. m., at the homeof his daughter, Mrs. Emmitt Mastin,after a brief illness of a, complicationof diseases. Mr. McWhorter formerlylesided in Millersburg, and for several years was connected with Mr.E. B. Taylor, operating a blacksmith,wood and buggy shop.' After Mr.Taylor moved to Paris, Mr. McWhorter continued the business ,for a time,later moving with his family to Lexington, where he continued in thebusiness. In the early part of thepast supimer his health began failing,which compelled him to give up hisposition several weeks ago. For threeweeks he was under treatment in theGood Samaritan Hospital, Lexington,where he seemed to get better. Onleaving the hospital he came to thehome of his daughter, Mrs. Mastin,his health again declined and he continued to grow worse until the end.He was a man who was well liked byall who knew him, a true friend,considerate of his family, and industrious. He is survived by his .wife,one son and six daughters. Ashort funeral service was held Tuesday afternoon at the home, of hisdaughter, Mrs. Mastin, after whichthe remains were taken to Centerville, where they were interred.STEPS TAKEN TO MEET SHORTAGE OF TEACHERS.. An appropriate shortage of 30,000school teachers in city and countysystems, reported by the NationalBureau of Education, has convincedPresident Wilson that a national emergency exists and he has authorizeda School Board Service Section of theBureau, which will assist officers ofeducation in finding teachers and colleges, technical, secondary and elementary schools, and teachers andsupervisors of special subjects withno cost to either school boards orteachersP5 "B3 ,.B-4 TIRE TInsure withW.O. HINTON &SON,Agts1 151 153 .WOODFORD COUNTY HOME DE, STROYED BY EIRE.0 The frajme residence belonging toT. D. Carter on the McCowan's Ferrypike, about two miles from Mortonsville, in Woodford county, was completely destroyed by fire. Very fewhousehold effects were saved. Theloss was several thousand dollarswith no insurance.is la aFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.' $Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.FORMER WILMOTH PLACE NEARCYNTHIANA BURNED.Fire Monday destroyed the residence on the former Wilmoth placeat Edgewater, owned by Mr. Clarence IBus and occupied by Mr. Howard Florence. Nearly all of thehousehold effects were saved. Caughtfrom a defective flue and leaves in thegutter.KalalS -CITY BOARD OP HEALTH ISSUESINFLUENZA WARNINGA Precaution: v To prevent thepresence and spread of epidemic influenza the City Board of Health suggests that people who .suffer frompain in the head, eye, back and inother parts of the body, accompaniedby general lassitude- or weakness,chilly sensation, a sudden x rise oftemperature, with some dischargefrom nostrils, eyes red and a slightcough, should not go into crowdedplaces, e. g., picture shows, churches,cars, etc.When sneezing or coughing do notneglect to protect the other person byusing handkerchief at mouth ornostrils.Plenty of fresh air, goqd food,regular hours and habits will go fartowards the protection of the community against the probable dangersof the above disease.A. H. KELLER,City Health Officer., is is fcaTAX PAYERS, NOTICE.No matter iff you only paypoll tax, you are required bylaw to report to us. Time istrowing short for reportingtaxes. Do so NOW and avoidpenalty.WALTER CLARK;Tax Commissioner.JNO. J. REDMON, Deputy.(oct8-tf) VsW WB 10Dancing masters say British girlswill insist on, ''leading" the men indances after the war. They are'usedto "leading" now and like it.Eighty proprietors' of soda water(fountains in New 'York wdre fined re-ueiiuiy iMi serving urintts in. uliriyPARIS,, KV,.1 'iRED CROSS HEWS GRENADES.For the second time, the espionageact has been invoked to obtain protection for the Red Cross. William-E. -Martin was -convicted in the Federal Court at Greenville (Tenn.) ona charge of -slandering the Red Cross.Articles made by the allied prisoners interned in Switzerland havehad such a large sale, that a RedCross bureau will be organized immediately to take charge of such salein this country,- The annual outputnow amounts to about $45,000 invalue.'vr ua,i wuum you ao li you were asoldier overseas and heard that abank at home had called in yourloan, and taken the farm from yourwife? One soldier took such a difficulty to the Red Gross representativein his unit, and through the HomeService Bureau, the confiscated property was restored."Camouflage babies," soldiers callthe children at the day nursery justestablished by the American RedCross at the American army camouflage factory in France. While the900 women workers are busy at theplant, their babies stare wide-eyed atthe Mother Goose' paintings withwhich the camouflage artists havecovered the doors, ceilings and wallsof the nursery.When the American Red Crossworkshop in London received an urgent appeal for 200,000 first-aidpackages, the committee in charge replied, "We -will deliver first-aid packages as requested at rate of 15,000 aweek, beginning at once." The orderhad to be filled without interferingwith the regular hosjtal supply output of 'the shop, and each packagwas to contain twelve articles, butthe workshop exceeded its promisethe first week, and a few weeks later,the entire order was in the hands ofthe army authorities.1 T3 ISUNCLE SAM IS BOSS.TX7Ti4- r.,U jThe Government has laid a firmfist on the collars of both employerand employe, within the last fewdays. Neither has been left in muchdoubt as to who is boss.A small minority of Bridgeportmachinists, themselves the best paidof the group, refused to abide by theaward of the War Labor Board. Theyvere instructed to return to work orbe barred frefm all war industriesand denied exemption in the draft anindustrial grounds.At the same time, a long-establishedNew Englandmmunition manufacturing concern, which refused toaccept an award of the War LaborBoard directing recognition of an employe's right to belong to a union,and the principle of collective bargaining1, has been taken over by theGovernment to be put in charge of anarmy officer.The national organizations of employers and employes have partici-1 pated in drawing up the basic planso& the War Labor Board and wereparties to the agreement that their idifferences should be submitted to it.For the duration of the var at leastthe Government has made an earnest?tnd on the whole, successful effortto conclude a fair truce between thecontending factions. It is a sternworning which the President readsto the employes on the one hand andadministers to the employer on theother.It will have a salutary effect inbolfh. directions. 'PS Pa ISBuy MORE BondsSINGING SOLDIERS.(Maj. Donald Guthrie, in " Schribner's) A marching battalion, songless, isa quite unusual thing. Bands, brassand pipe, play the regiments up veryclose to the line, where they stacktheir instruments and beco)me sretcher bearers. In the British army officers are specially instructed to encourage the men to whistle and sing;and this is generally done. A songless battalion can't fight fiercelyNoris, the object or this military instruction entirely one of reaction. It istrue that the reaction of singing uponthe men is quite marked, and of realvalue from the fighting standpoint."The Wee Penny Whustle o' SandyMcGraw" may, as in Service's poem,become a (mighty engine of indirectwarfare. It is told M:hat im the retreat from Mons a certain Major kepthis men awalce awake and marchingby leading them down the road piping on a little tin whistle, bought indesperate wisdom at a French toyshop, while one of his subalterns diligently tapped in time to the pipingon a tiny toy drum, purchased at thesame shop, and with the sajme objectin view. Picture the thing for yourself; a wearied column ot overtired,overtired men, fighting a savage rearguard action, day and night, and dayafter day, pressed and pursued byHunnish hordes, who came on in motor trucks and other gas-driven vehicles; muscles aching, eyes drooping, feet burning, every step a miracle of effort, and the green banks ofthe roadside so soft, cool and inviting; the Major shrilling "on-his toywhistle and the Lieutenant pitter-pat-tering on his toy drum. A surly,unsinging" battalion is half licked before is, gets into the fight. I dontthink I have known such a battalion.There is an epidemic of melody at thefront, and he is a gross, sour souwho escapes the infection. He mayexist -as an individual, he certainlydoes jnot exist as a regiment.JB5 TBI 1BRBuy MORE BondsNothing: pleases a man more thansteering his wife up against an echothat is bound to have the last word.. is pi ra.After a woman has married twrcefor love her female friends considerher hopelessly queer.-, Some peopleto take a hint.are, too . independent-r-aBMBMMaBfc MIMM1 AWRIGLEYSaLLafliLLV m aw LLPLVwLvWe will win this warNothing else really matters until we do!The Flavor Lasts:GEO. W. DASISFUNERAL DIRECX?Motor EquipyrHmiBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NlfiHIlCorner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, IMS KjA MAN AND HIS WIFELEVY, THE DRYCumberland' Phone 40HELPFULTHE DEMAND FORTRIED WOMENBy 'enrolling at once for our complete Business Course. PugazziGraduates are always in' demand,and the supply is much Tess than thisdemand. 'We courttion. xa thorough investrga-Send for free Booklet. "The Pu-gazzi Way Leads to The Highest Po- Isitions."Day or Night Classes. SpecialCoaching, given candidates for CivilService.Write, phone or (call at school 'forfull information.Fugazzi School ofBusinessEfficiency, is Our WatchwordMiss Irene j-Puzazzi, Pxincipal.vMrs. L; V. Jojies Asst. Principal.118Um)erSt..sioolfciIltor,n ' Lexmettn. jXy. -S -Friday, October is, i$if.IK.1may both derive satisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned "by us. Thecost is nomiral, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes that:have the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a great'ving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings U3.CLEANERHome Phone 1692'Margolen'sSANITARMeat MarketSpecials for Fridayand SaturdayA5, 10, 15 and 20-pound buckets,pure home-rtndtrtdLARD27c per poundiLEAN COUNTRYBACON35c per poundMftRGOLEK'ST "ilS uUr; Meat MarketAHglasses,Buy;MORE'Bonds"K..s - - -cHF- '-mhr. VA. -. -. v K '-i ir ",4-' -,'Vv2""f-.-&-vf,a, ' 5JLJNs.OiiUkkM - j.j.,tm- jv,f7??X3KSJ- Xyi&ascx.ysggaji-.aLly "?Vi?a A rr-J'- 3 - "ttsrFEIDAY, OCTOBER JL8, 1&18,PACT SETKf1- ". ascs ,yr.LiErtipprPlain Natural Iron BestTonicCosta But a Fraction What Weakerpreparations Sell for A SpoonfulXn a Glass of Water a Dose.The absolute proof tha" medicinal'rott would help the blood andstrengthen people wonderfully hascaused many chemists to perfect moreless efficient iron tonics and moreor less efficient tablets.For most people, however, thewriter would say that just plainhighly concentrated Acid Iron Mineral is better, far cheaper and stronger and Ses f rom tw0 t0 six times asfarA bottle of Acid Iron Mineral, kept"handy and a teaspoonful poured in aclass of drinking water after meals,iakes a delightful, very unusual andhighly beneficial tonic and strengthen and if the blood needs enriching and purifying it would be hardto find anything that does it betteror rids the system of Grippe-Spanish.Influenza and kindred ailments quicker than just plain concentrated AcidIron Mineral, which is the najme fornon-alcoholic natural irc-n. It buildsup the entire system.It also has a beneficial effect uponappetite and digestion, and the kidneys sbon show its effects.(A-I-M is splendid for a nasal sprayand gargle, prevents influenza.)Don't delay, call for it to-day. Foriia bv Brooks & Snapp. (adv)paSTRAIGHTtICANISM(Detroit Free Press.)Fourteen States have abolished thestudy of the German language intheir schools. Sixteen States are inprocess of doing the same thing.Anti-German study movements aregathering in even' State. These statements are made on the authority oftie American Defense Society. Nostatistics are yet available to showthe mortality of German languagepublications in the United States,but it is certainly great. ' "Coincidently the movement toteach the American language to allaliens in the United States of whatever race not speaking the Englishtongue is gathering irresistible momentum. These two movements will-r,f Tioit will not -nrosTess backwardwhen the war is won. They niay be .depended on to go forward for alltime. For the men behind and themen and women in these UnitedStates are in the majority determinedthat this shall hereafter be a country inn tipt cent American. Dilution will no longer be tolerantlyoverlooked."HOW DOCTOBS TEEAT COLDS ANDGKIPPE.Ask any physician or druggist andhe will tell you that the best andonly effective remedy for a bad cold,sore throat, influenza or 'la grippe iswhat he calls "a brisk calomelpurge," which means a big dose ofcalomel at bed time. But as the oldstyle calomel has some very unpleasant and dangerous qualities physicians and druggists are -now recommending the improved nausealess calomel, called "Calotabs" which is purified and refined from the sickeningand dangerous effects and whosemedical virtues are vastly improved.One Caltotab on the tongue at bedtime with a swallow of water that'sall. No salts, no nausea nor theslightest interference with, your diet,pleasures or work. Next morningyour cold has vanished and your entire system is purified and refreshed.Calotabs are sold only in originalsealed packages, price thirty-fivecents. Your druggist guarantees Calotabs by refunding the price if youare not delighted. . (adv)Bad temper bites atvboth ends. Itmakes one's self nearly as miserableas it does the other person.ISYoutfeelings , atea better.guide thananybody's" s ay-so2HE POWER THAT' PTTLLS MENDOWN.(By Frederick Burr Opper.)Too much power has been the ruination of almost every man who hashad it. It brought Caesar to theassassins' knives. It brought Wolsey,who had been the greatest man inall Europe, to the abbey of Leicester,impoverished and disgraced, to beg acot to die on. It brought Bonaparte.who had more power than any manwho -yer lived, before or since, toend his career, 'cooped on a lonelyisland, digging in a little garden tokeep his fat down.That is what too much power cando for big brains. What it can aofor little brains we see in the German Kaiser, watching to-day thewrecking of all his foolish, brutalplans of world conquest.it does not need, a great stretcn orijmagination to picture an international military court-martial sittingin Berlin, not a great while fromnow. It is presided over by MarshalFoch and with him are the greatestgenerals - of America, England,.France, Italy and Belgium. At theprisoners bar stands wnliam Honen-zollern, the dethroned Emperor ofGermany, and his son, the ex-CrownPrince. These two, the greatestcriminals in all history, are awaitingsentence.That sentence will be. just, pitiless and terrible. And after themwill copne to the bar, one after theother, all the Kaisep!s ruthless,slaughtering commanders, and hiswretched, culpable dupe, the ex-Emperorof Austria, to meet retributionfor their countless murders and barbarities. And all this is being made possible by the help of America's superbsoldiers and sailors and the greatnation behind them, readywith itsmoney and its encouragement. Andthat (money and that encouragementmust never fail them. The Hunmust be beaten.Every Liberty Loan must be sustained so that we may all look aheadwith confidence to that proud day,that day'of victory, "when the boyscome home."1 T5a ISGAS-CLOXTD ATTACKS(Charles Baskerville, in the , American Review of Reviews.)The element of surprise constitutesan ijmportant factor in such use ofgas clouds, in tact, in an pnases oigas warfare. Against chlorine asimple-protection was quickly devisedwith goggles, which might readily beslipped over the head and be tuckedunder the shirt around theieck. Before issuing, the . hood was treatedwith a solution of soda andhvno."which neutralized the chlrine. Itwas another wonderful service of women in war the making of 250,000of those hoods by the women of GreatBritain and the getting them to-France in a week. This means ofprotection long since became obsolete.The matter of detense is reierrea tomore fully below.A nupiber of gas-cloud attackswere launched on the "Western front,but the ..casualties were probablymuch greater at each assault on theRussian front, except the first timecholrine was used at Ypres, when 5,000 were v killed and as many prisoners tak n. The Russians in manyinstances were never supplied withprotective means of any kind, although Russian chemists later madesome very valuable suggestions inselective defensive agents and devisedsome good masks. Up to August,1916, the Genmans claimed . to havekilled 50,000 by gas. No data as tototal casualties are available. Inthis connection it may be said thatnhinrinfi alone was not the sole agentused. Toward the end of 1915 aoout.20 per cent, of phosgene (carbonyichloride) was mixed writh the chlorine.' It is a more dangerous gas, because a comparatively slight gassingmay show its fatal-action only afterseveral hours, when the soldier is outof the active zone.m 101 SEgotists are men who -are unableto disguise the fact that they arepleased .with themselves.fBJi JES 9V& -'United States in the first sixmonths of 1918 produced 26,000tons of chromite ore.PBESS COMMEUDS PRESIDENT'SREPLY TO HUN PEACE NOTE-Press cqmment on President Wilson's reply to r Germany's secondpeace note follows:NEW 'YORK SUN We ' believethe country has understood him (thePresident) to' mean that the Hohen--zollerndynasty shall go. ThePresident's reply should hearten oursoldier 1tv thf fiplri Tt should nnrl' roill cMmnloo Vio orraof A vnATi -army of bond buyers in the last weekof effort for the full success of theFourth Liberty Loan.BOSTON POST President Wilson makes a notable and singnificantly prompt and effective reply.There is no escaping the iron logic ofthe words. -NEW YORK TIMES An American pen has forever stilled the rattling of that German saber,.This swash-buckineEmneror 'has bro'ught down upon hipiself thewrath of certain other instruments ofthef Lord who have amply prepared themselves to make his remaining way short and its end exemplary.The President nas spoken aword of command, not counsel.PHILADELPHIA PUBLIC LEGDER Nothing could be clearer, nothing could meet the exigencies of thecase mdre cojmpletely than the replyof the President. it win strmea responsive chord the world oyer.Stripped of all pretenses, left nakedto the scorn of men, tlr? death sentence to the "Intolerable Thing" hasbeen spoken.PHILADELPHIA INQUIRERSplendidly has the President risen tothe occasion. He laid a trap for theHuns. They have unsuspectingly entered it. The jaws have been sprung,and the Kaiser and his mad militarypals are caught firmly in the' teeth.Kaiserism must be annihilated, elsethereNwill be no peace.' That is themeaning of the answer.ST. LOUIS REPUBLIC The bigman in the White House has correctly gauged public opinion. TheAmerican public wants peace as theworld wants peace, but we will ngnttill Tiell freezes over to rip the clawsand the teath from the beast thatravaged Europe for four years.President , Wilson has spokenfor the American people and the civilized world.WESTLICHE POST (ST. LOUIS)Every word of the President's rejlywill be approved by every true American patriot. The supremacy of theAllied armies must be maintained andGerman autocracy must fall. Wideopen is the door to peace, but onlyto a pea.ee by which ' autocracy willbe substituted by democracy.CINCINNATI COMMERCIAL-TRIBUNEWith' a directness that is atonce -curt but comprehensive, President Wilson has said to Germanythat she can have peace on the sameterms and by the same -process thatpeace is, ever accorded to a conquered foe--acknowledging defeat andaccession to the dictates of the -victor.CINCINNATI FREIE PRESS (German language paper) The Presi-Hont line Rnnkfin! the nation has.heard him and will follow liim full ofconfidence.CINCINNATI ENQUIRER President Wilson's reply is plain, unmistakable, final. He speaks the common vione of America and reflectsof Bel-the undying determinationgium, France, Great Britain andItaly to "carry on!"te la fe100 VESSELS FOR SOUTH AMERICAN TRADE. 'The Shipping Board Js planning toutilize approximately 100 vesels mtrade with Latin. America as soon asthey are available. It is proposed tooperate fast ships giving weekly passenger service between New York,Rio de Janeiro, Buenos Aires andEcuador and Peru on the West coastand touching ports in Ivlexico, Guatemala, Nicaragua, Honduras andCosta Rica.The establishment of these newshiDDine: facilities makes it practicable to pursue with immediate resultsthe new policy of the Governmentlooking toward the increase of exports to countries where Americanexchange is unfavorable. Tnesenew ship lines to South America yillcarry selected goods to the SouthAmerican market, and it is hopedwill, in a short tijme, bring exchangeback near enough to par to make theemergency foreign exchange poolswhich, are being restored to unnecessary. PLAN TO RAISE SHIPS.(Chicago Tribune.)Germany is planning a merchantmarine for herself and plans to"raise" her crop after the war.The American Government has information that Gerjmany has undertaken construction of salvage submarines, to go out when peace comesand raise the ships of all nationswhich the destroying submarineshave sent to the bottom.Germany plans to repair theseships and add them and their salvaged cargoes to her list of "prizes ofpeace.'Every submarine cornnander keepsa careful record of the ships he sinks,and marks on a map the exact spotwhere the wreck lies.With these records in hand theGermans plan to beat all the rest ofthe world to the sunken treasures."The salvage submarine is said tobe fitted with specially designedgrappling apparatus for attachingcables to the ships that lie on thebottom of 'the ocean. It is capable ofoperating at great depths. Other vessels, equipped with "hoisting apparatus, will assist the submarine inbringing the damaged ships to thesurface.Ambassador Page resigned on account of failing health, and a South-8ern Democrat raises to ask how heexpects to improve by resigning a$17,500 job. -It will not cheer the Germans afterthe first American attack to realizethat 4,000,000 more Yanks are getting ready where .these first cameCascarets Work,While You SleepNo headache, biliousness; upset stomach or constipation tomorrowSpend 10 cents feel grand! Tonight take Cascarets to liven yourliver and clean your bowels. StopHheadaches, bilious spells, sournessgases, coated tongue, bad breath, 'sallowness and constipation. Take Cascarets and enjoy the nicest, gentlest"inside cleansing" you ever experienced.' Wake up feeling fine. Cascarets is be'st cathartic for children.Taste like candy. No disappointment! Thirty million boxes of thisharmless, famous cathartic are soldeach year now. (adv)i fe SsP0REST PERES SWEEP PARTS OPNORTHWEST.MDULUTH, MINN., Oct. 17. Alarge section of Northeastern Minnesota and Wisconsin four days agoa busy and prosperous business andfarming country to-day was a smoldering ruins with hundreds of bodiesof men, woimen and children, many ofthem burned beyond recognition,strewn about the countryside, a"S theresult of the disastrous forest fireswhich swept this territory Saturdayand Sunday. Latest estimates placethe death list at 1,000. Hundreds ofpersons are more or less "seriouslyburned. 40.000 are homeless and theproperty loss may reach $100,000,000.At v least a dozen cities and townswere destroyed. The worst blazeswere at Moose Lake. Kettle River andColquet. In Moose Lake and immediate vicinity it is estimated morethan 300 presons peri ihed in theflajmes. Between 300 and 400 coftinsHave been ordered sent to this townalone. Relief work under directionof Adjutant General W. F. Rhinowand Governor Burnquist is progressing rapidly. Enemy agents are suspected of having started the forestfires.There are 12.000 refugees in hospitals, churches, schools, armory andprivate homes here m care of doctorsand nurses. Thousands of men havebeen conscripted to' help fight theflames. Towns reported to havebeen destroyed include Brevator,Brookstown. Corona. Adolph, RiceLake, Thompson, Arnold nd Wright.Damages in Duluth and superior exceed $1,000,000. The Duluth CountryClub and Children's Honie were destroyed. Flames swept Woodland andLester parks, amusement resorts.Auto parties rescued 200 tuberculosispatients from the Nepming sanitarium. BOURBON FARMING' CONDITIONSwmIp ifteal weather has nrevailedfor the past two or three weeks'" forthe ripening of corn, the seeding ofwheat and the curing of tobacco, rainis badly -needed for grass and moisture for sprouting wheat and rye.Bourbon county, farmers are nowcooriiTio- thp Inrffest RP.reace of wheatKver planted in the county, and it isestimated by well-posteci farmers tnatit will exceed tne yj. crop oy a mtlA over one-third. There will be alight acreage seeded with rye as thefarmers are giving all the groundthey can spare to the growing ofwheat for bread for home and for thesoldiers abroad and in the army cantoaments. Corn cutting is an in full sway.Practically all the tobacco crop hasbeen safely housed in the barns,awaiting a suitable season for stuping. Many of the tobacco men haveautomatically become corn men, andhave been helping to get the cornsafely in the shock and then in thesilo'. By the time the corn is cut andthe wheat seeded the tobacco cropwill be sufficiently cured to beginstripping the weed.The rains that came in the latterpart of September started the plantsin the field to, taking on new lite andbegan making a rapid growth, andthen followed the cool weather andlight frost that started the work ofcutting again, alhough the toDaccoin many places was altogether toogreen. But the growers began putting it in the barns as rapidly as possible, to escape the killing frostswhich were inevitable according tothe weather conditions. On this account it has been stated that the latetobacco will pnake a ratner mainerent "crop, but in spite of this a verymuch higher prise .than that of lastseason is expected.te TS ISICELAND'S BECORD OP CULTUREerne uiai.; . ,There are few nations that canpoint to a brighter record of culturethat this little,nationiof 100,000 people (Iceland), practically isolated ontheir Arctic island s for nearly 1,000years. Why did they not revert tobarbarism, as has been the fate ofmany white groups out of touch withoutside civilization? There is but oneanswer: The PromaLhean flamewhich kindled the genius of the old,now najmeless, monks. the sage authors has never died in Iceland. Itcould not die so long as the, sageslived, firing the spiritual life of thenation.TEnoh -nprinfl nf national nrosDeritysince tne saga age nas Deeu a. icyiywof literary activity. 2Jow Iceland ismore prosperous in a material waythan ever in its history, and behindthere is a pen scratching in everycottage; there is a poet apostrophiziirgevery waterfall, dedicating thesummer - crop of poppies and daffodils, and charming or at least trying! to charm the innumerable hostof fays and light elves, trolls and water spirits and "landvaettir" whichhave endowed the bleak hills andmountains' of Iceland with an immortal soul11-Sometimes a man' loss his job because he doesn't know enough and.jiometimes because whe knws toomuch. M N -MIt is Time To Be Thinking AboutHeat For the WinterCOAL ISAYou will have to depend largely on gas.have a full line of the celebrated"-'WilsonOdorless Heatersto select from, StartLOWRY&MAY0Prompt Payment of TelephoneBills a Patriotic Duty.Good business practice dejnands the prompt paymentof bills. This, however, is not the reason you should payyour telephone bills promptly, since we are unHer ,thecontrol of the United States Government. There is apatriotic duty involved.Will you not, then, aid us in operating thisproperty economically and efficiently by paying your bills promptly?PARIS HONE TELEPHONETELEGRAPH CO.(Incorporated.)J. J. VEATCH,District ManagerBourbonDAVIS & FUNK, Proprietors .Telephone No. 4 vParis,CAHAL BROS.BARBER SHOPPrompt and Courteous Attention toPatrons.HOT AND COLD BATHSBAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly RollCream TuffsDoughnuts, Rolls, PiesGROCERYFruitsFresh VegetablesMEATDEPARTMENTRoatsLamb, Veal, Pork" BrainsWILMOTHGrocery C.Phone 376irfSJSCARCE?Br.We15&$early.W. H. CANNON.Local ManagerLaundry!XIK.West Fifh StreetxlIIiSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!With all thelatestimprove-menis m jaunary appliancesand expert helpers we are Sprepared to do work infeiXiIrior to none, and solicityour patronage.tv .urbon LaundryKentucky gTHESENEW HATSAl BarAre More Attractive ThakAny We Have ShownFor Years. 4- ' vSo it is to your advantage, ta?come.and select one to-day. Whave assortments at$i.98 $3.50;:$2.98 $4.00; ANDyp. .TwinBros.Deptrtmeit Storekfaand7Hi""-" - . - -?'Hvi4 riVJs- K- NJSJ..,'-J-,4v't-.nn eott11 Wf -1 '.' I,1, PlTHEOURBON NEWS, PARIS; KY.aJ VFRIDAY, OCTOBER 18, 19181- fIIrt: It -JirpDEATHS..- '" mi,fiX XJ.CBLYTHE.bodv of Privatfi .TnhnSllyttier who 'died several days aso at'amp' Meade, Md., of Spanish iriflu-efl-p, arrived in Paris yesterdayV ptornpig, and -was taken to the homeof his. parents on. Houston avenue:-tithe funeral will be held this afternoon at 2:30 o'clock, with servicesconducted at the grave in the Paris. '.enfetery b'yRev. Geo. R. Cqmbs, pas-!ox of. the Pavis'Methodlst church.i j t . .:..... . combs. ,. . j-j fr. Leon -ombs,'. who marriedilifcs Arabella. Redmon, daughter of.the late Mr. Charles. R. Redmon, ofthi6 -connty, and niece of tfIrs. HarryO,; James, of. Paris, died in East St.?fLouis, on last Saturday. The information of his death was conveyed in&.elegrain to IMrs. James. Mr. Combsiisurvtved by his wife. and one child.3?fce funeral and burial 'was held in1 St. Lotus, Monday.'i. , RUTHERFORD.( ti-Ray B. Rutherford, aged one;ye&r, died at the Massie Memorial' Hospital, in this city, at noon yester' day, after .a short illness. The bodyitas taken to. the home of his parents,Mr and Mrs. Charles B. Rutherfoid,on 'Nineteenth street. The child'sfather is ia the army service withone of the Kentucky contingents''The funeral "will be held from the'residence at 4:30 o'clock this afternoon, with services held at the gravein the Paris Cemetery.who conducted a dry goods businessin the building now occupied by theParis Billiard Cq. In the later yearsof his life Mr. Allis was a travelingsalesman for the Blue Licks SpringsWater Co., and other concerns,. Hepreceded his wife to the grava .several years ago, being founa dead inhis roojm at a out'hern htpelrMrs. Allis was a native of Madison county, to wltich place she returned a few years after the death ofher husband. She was a woman ofculture and tealented to a high degree. A number of original poemsfrom her pen were published in theLouisville papers and other contributions attained eqjual prominence. 'The body'will reach Paris to-day,and the funeral will be held from the3:15 p. , m. Louisville & Nashvilletrain. The body will be taken to theParis Cemetery, where services willbe held at the grave conducted byRev. George R. Combs, pastor of theParis Methodist church.MATRIMONIAL.- t--- - jHere's another guess ' foe .theguessers. Cupid is again .busy aa-,mor savs that two popular young people employed at the Louisville &Nashville station an uiib ciiyjare'soon to embark on the .matrimonial-sea. - -. is. CAMPBELL.'. -Herman Camphell, aged thirtylive, died" of influenza at his home" inLexington, Tuesday. -The funeralwas held Wednesday afternoon at2:30 o'clock, with services conductedat the grave in the Lexington Cemetery 'by Rev. Mr. Kirk.Mt". Campbell is survived by hiswife,2 Mrs. Frances Campbell, andthree children, William, James andElfiabeth Campbell; three brothers,Thtfs. Campbell, of- Carlisle-; RobertCafmpbell of Eureka, 111., and ElijahCampbell, of North-Middletown, andtwb sisters, Mrs. Ella Pugh and Mrs.Ida C. Campbell, of Covington.RICE.The body of Private Robt. Rice,vUo died at Camp Meade, Md.k of1 Spanish influenza, will probably arrive for burial to-day. The body wasshipped frppn Camp Meade, and willx come to Winchester, where it will betaken to North Middletown for burial Owing to the uncertainty attending the hour of arrival at Winchester the funeral arrangementscould not be learned last night.Young Rice was a feon of Mrs.GatJes Rice,of North Middletown.He ik survived besides his mother, byone brother, Mr. Luther Rice, of nearParis, and one sister, Miss Almo Rice,of North Middletown. He enlisted inthe service last summer, was sent toCamp Zachary Taylor, and from theretransferred to Camp Meade, destinedfor overseas service. He was one ofthe most popular young jmen in thecounty, and his passing is mournedby a'large circle of friends., 153 J3 IBS'' ' REYNOLDSShelby Reynolds, aged elevenyears, died at 7:30 o'clock, Wednesday, 'morning at the Clark CountyHospital in Winchester, after a longillness. He was the only child of hispareats, Mr. and Mrs. Isaac Reynolds,formerly of North Middletown andCUntonville, this county. The family moved to Demopolis, Ala., abouta year ago. .When "the child's health began todecline he was" sent back to Ken-tucky-tobe with his aunts, Mrs. LouisHsLgan and Mrs. M. M. Hughes, andto oadergo medical treatment. Herallied fox a while, and for some time.gave evidence of decided improvemeat, but the disease which causedhis "death had gained too strong aliol44on his constitution.la accordanc with his own wishthe body of the child will beburiedin the North Middletown Cemetery,by the side of his grandfather, thelate Rev. L. H. Reynolds, who wasfor a lifetime a loved minister of the"Christian church, in charge of thecoregation of the North Middletown church.TURNEY.The funeral ' of Mr. Amos Turney, Srv prominent horseman, whodied suddenly, was held Mondayafternoon and was largely attended,niany prominent turfmen from a distance being present. The body waslaid to rest in the Paris Cemetery beneath a wealth of floral offerings.Mr. Turney's love for the horsewhich was so strongly developed during his lifetime, was shown in a request made by him a few weeks priorto hfs death, that, at his funeral, hewished only horse-drawn vehiclesused. This request was compliedwith, and although a large numberof persons were present in autopnobiles they -went ahead of the funeralcortege, and left it to slowly wend itsway to the cemetery lot where the interment took place.When two sons of Jesse Turney,the other member of the firm of Turney Bros., were ill of typhoid feverDr. Eichberg, of Cincinnati, who losthis life in the Adirondack Mountainsa few years ago by drowning, wascalled to attend them. They both recovered, and as a mark of his appreciation Jesse Turney named whatwas then their most promising yearling after Dr. Eichberg. The horseby his future performances proved averitable wonder of the turf.Although the firm of Turney Bros,retired from the turf about two yearsago and deposed of their entire stable, Mr. Turney until the day of hisdeath was intensely interested inevents of the racing world. He wasof a jovial and kind disposition, andmany a jockey and stable boy hasgood reason to remember himthrough his acts of kindness.Ife te ?si -HURRY!SAVE PENALTY!Pay your city taxes on or before October 31st, last day, andHENDICOTT SUTTON.Miss Annie May Endicott,daugher of Mr. and Mrs.. J. M. Endicott, of Paris, and Mr. -Walter T. Sutton, of Lexington, were married atthree .o'clock Wednesday. afternoon,at tne residence of the officiatingminister, Rev. I. T Spencer, in Lexington. The groom is a son of Mr.and Mrs. John-R. Sutton, of Lexington, and iv employed as an operatorof the moving picture machines s.tthe Ben Ali Theatre. ''The bride is an attractive youngwoman. Both bride and groom arevery popular. Their many friendshere congratulate them, and wishthem many long years of happy wedded life. They will spend part' oftheir honeyjmood in Paris until thelifting of the influenza ban permitsthe reopening of the ..movie houses.S leaNOW,GUESS WE WILLTHAT NEW DAM.HAVECouncilman John Merringer, whohas taken a great deal of interest inthe new dam proposed to be builtacross Stoner near the site of rthepresent dam at the Paris Milling Co.'splant, was in a jubilant mood yesterday. , Mr. Merringer stated that Superintendent J. A. Morrison, of the Louisville & Nashville, had received taiithority from the high officials of. thecompany, at Louisville, approvingrtheplans and specifications, for the newdam,, and virtually giving him '-authorityto go ahead with the construction work. The papers in thematter had been held up for sometime undergoing a close, scrutiny bythe Louisville & Nashville people, andnow that they have come to the conclusion that the matter imust be settled, we "hope that the work will begin at once, and the matter settledfor all time to the satisfaction of allparties concerned. The new dam willnot be built before it is needed," asthe old one is in bad shape.IN THE SERVICE -OF THEI&COUNTRY(Continued front Page 1).,.'" . .WOMEH'AOTTITiES.u Mrs. Lettie Masterson received a North Middletown Women Resiwndmessage from her son, Mr. Wm. H I -Ta rdi t? n m T1 ar;awuuuMasferson, stating that he had Sriv: T Fr CamP Taylr B'ed safely overseas. Masterson is a In resPnse to the call from Campmember of Co. D., 149th Infantry. .Taylor Hospital for delicacies for the' '- ;soldiers who are sick with influenza,HerhfiitfiPiviatoiv f Trit. r.-i the North Middletown community isdletown,. writes .his parents Mr and a?ked to furnish dressed chickens and.ttc x in' drjj j' w ". ."eersrs.where' he is a Member of the bLtow The chickns must-be aressed,notBa$e Hospital HJnit? stating that all ,Jaledf.aiid left at the Dettwillerthe. Bourbon boys are wall a in fcofhome' 0I1 Monday and.Thursday af-I I -1 u KUVand country depsad in great measure upon the fnarosityQf patronsat home,' xeide- the proclamation."I take this occasion to urge everypatriotic citizen to do his wk'eleduty, and to the utmost of his "abilitybear his part of this copnmon, 'responsibility. Let no man fail at tilstime to be a shareholder in his country's defense and its sacred liberties."Buy Liberty Bonds -LATONIA RACE MEETING POSTPONED ANOTHER WEEK.The opening of the races at tneLationia race track, scheduled foryesterday has been postopned untilnext Thursday, October 24, on ac-r.oimt.v of the -nrevalfinr.ft nf influenza.avoid penalty. Which Will be which has become epidemic through-attached to all unpaid Taxes on out the state.sl 1 SALE.r Mr: J. W. Sale, of Blanco, Colorado, father of Mr. Richard Sale, ofthis" city, died last week in the private; hospital of Dr. T. T. Holt, GeudaSCTt&gs, Kansas, after a long illnessdue to -a complication of diseases.The 'body was sent to his old homein. Lawrenceburg, Ky., where thefuneral -and burial was held.Mr. Sale is survived by his widow,who was formerly Miss Emma Alexander -of Lawrenceburg; two sons,Mr Will H. Sale, stationed at theMare Island Navy Yard TrainingStation, in California; Mr. RichardSate, of Paris; one daughter, Mrs.Clyde P. Case, of near Lawrenceburg,ambone. brother Mr. Henry P. Sale, ofneac Lawrenceburg."fr. and Mrs; Richard J. Sale leftParis , imfmediately upon receipt ofneW:Of Mr. Sale's illness, but reached his, .bedside some time Rafter Iiisd-t&tljL; They returned to Lawrenceburg tp attend the funeral and bur-ier,,Mr.( Sale was fifty-seven years old.HdrfWas born and reared near Law-re-fepebuxg,where he spent the greater $ri of his life. He was a member-of Ute Christian church and had nevr moved 'his membership from the"Lawrenceburg church. About tenyars ago he anoved to the West andkaJt. since that 'time made his homeim. Blanco. Colorado.November 1st., W. W. MITCHELL,(td) City Collector.LIBERTY LOAN SLACKER PLACARDED IN FAYETTE.Fayette county Jis going after itsLiberty Loan slackers with methodsthat are Abound to attract attentionA Bourbon county jman who has beenover Fayette county on a tour of inspection of the tobacco crop told THENEWS yesterday that he saw hundreds of placards posted in differentparts of the county, worded as follows:"NOTICE-TO THE TUBLIC.This is to notify thfe people of Fayette county that , a wealthyand prominent citizen, Is a LibertyLoan slacker, and as such, should beshunned by the people of this countyand the State."The man (mentioned in the placardis a wealthy farmer residing on ahandsome estate near the Bourbonand Fayette line. What effect thispublicity and notoriety will have onhis pursestrings remains to be seen.But it ought to be effective, to saythe least!Announcement was made to thetrack officials by Dr. J. N. McCormack, of .Bowling Green, Secretary ofthe State Board of -Health, that thegeneral health condition throughoutKentucky, save in a few cities wherethe influenza epidemic set in earlief ',was graver now than it had been fofmany days, and that there would bemodification of the restrictions . Dr.McCormick said that he did notthink it will be possible ror the meeting to open before next Thursday.very best of spirits.; ....Ifr the list' of appointments madefrom: the arm service from Washington ,thisveefk appears the name ofDr. Elmer Swetnam,. of near CentervilleWho received a commission asFirst Lieutenant in the MedicalCorps.; ''J '.In the list of young ,men who willbe included in the next call of theselective' draft from Fayette county,is the name ,of Charles Joseph Slattery. Young Slattery is the son ofMr. ands Mrs. Edward flattery, formerly of Paris: 'Corp. Chas. Dickerson, who hasbeen a guest at the .home of his parents, Mr. and Mrs. R. B. Dickerson,on Pleasant street, tfor about tendays, returned Wednesday to hisarmy duties at the Aberdeen ProvingGround, near Havre de Grace, Maryland. Hf HhTHE NEWS has received too latefor insertion in, 'this issue severalvery interesting letters from boysand boys of larger growth in. thearmy and navy and other branches ofGovernment service. One of these isfrom Dr. A. H. Keller, who is a member of the Medical Corps in the Emergency Hospital at Nitro, W. .Va.,where4-;the Government maintains . alarge munitions manufacturing plant.These letters will appear in nextisslie. ,The work of classifying about two-thirds of- the members of the menfrom Bourbon county, has been finished by the local Draft Board, withassistance of Miss .Grace Haskins,Clerk. It includes selects betweenthe ages of eighteen and forty-five.Up to date about 310 men have beenplaced in Class One. Their physicalexamination will be begun Saturday,and continue at the rate of fifty aday until completed.ternoons, where they are packed andsenx Dy parcel post the next day3Eggs may be sent in any day.We will continue to send eggs andj chickens to our soldier boys as longas they need them on Monday ahdThursday of each week.Bn is ihiTHE PENDLETON SHOPx New Georgette blouses, beaded andwool embroidery in latest modelsand colors.PENDLETON SHOP,(15-3t) Lexington, Ky.PB ta la-BIT? BONDS TO SUPPORT OURBOYS, SAYS STANLEY. .On receipt of an appeal from Secretary McAdoo, calling attention tothe fact that one week of the FourthLiberty Loan campaign remains inwhich three and one-half billion dollars must be raised, Gov. Stanleyissued a "proclamation to the peopleof Kentucky urging them to supportthe loan. "The speedy terminationof this war, the lives of our braveboys and their early return to homePublic SalOPPure Registered DurocJersey Hogs and'Other Stock.They will be sold at public auctionon my farm, located on the Clay andKiserton pike, one mile south ofEwalt's Cross Roads, onTuesday, Oct. 29, 191:8,These animals have been describedin sale bills and descriptions of jthestock will be furnished on day of sale.Will also donate one of my bestDuroc gilts to be sold for benefit ofRed Cross, "to help win the war.";TERMS Pour months time, with5 per cent, interest from sale date.A. P. ADAIR,R. F. D. 6, Paris, Ky.,Hdme Phone (Shawhan Ex.) 24.(oct!8-22-25)PUBLIC SALEOFNl)hATTENTION. MILITARY STUDENTS.We take orders for Army andNavy uniforms, made for us by Kuppenheimer. J. W. DAVIS & CO.Buy Liberty Bonds -to feBIRTHS.In this city, to the wife of Mr.James Delaney, a son. .To the wife of Mr. Ollie Snapp,in this city, a daughter secondborn.To Mr. and Mrs. Cleary Fightmaster, of No. 1840 South Mainstreet, on October 16, a son, UsseryFightmaster; fifth child and thirdson.Ift 11 toINSURE YOUR TOBACCO.Insnre your tobacco in thebarn against fire, wind-stormf,etc. We settle quickThomas, Woodford & B ryan." to to toVISIT THE PENDLETON SHOP .On Recount of the rapidly increasing business we have secured thebuilding formerly occupied"by the L.& N. R. R. CoJand-are displayingstylish hats for -fall and winter.THE PENDLETON SHOP,(15-3t) Lexington, KyPrince. Frederick Charles of Hesseis willing to be King of Finland, "accompanied by a strong guard." Animportant proviso. (Stock and Farm Implements !Having sold my farm on the Bethlehem pike, I will offer at publicsale onSaturday, October 26, 1918,at 10 o'clock a. m., the following: ' " " - - -. ,All my thoroughbred stock;About 40 ewes and two bucks;100 head of hogs, big and little;3 work mules; . '2 nrst-lass mule colts; . I ' i . , i'1 good work horse;All farming impjements, plows, harrows, rollers, bull rakes andeverything used on farm. JTERMS $25.00 and over, 6 months, negotiable note, bearing 6per cent, .interest; all sums under $25.00, cash.,, MARTIN DOYLE, &Geo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer. " - ' Paris, Ky.T"BTr.vw2FORMER PARIS RAILROADGETS PROMOTION.MAN. ALLIS.-jMrs. A. P. Allis) for several yearsa resident of Paris, died at her. homej Richmond yesterday afer a longillaeae. Mrs. Allis was the widow ofMr. A. P, Allis, who was for severalyears .projoiihent. in the business lifeof tkis city, having been associatedwith a number of dry goods firms asftlemaan, and was at one time amwiher of the Ixm. of Ingels & Co.,Mr. A. F. Frendberg, formerly employed as Assistant Engineer of theLouisville & Nashville, with headquarters in Paris, has been appointedAssistant to Superintendent of theS. & N. A., B. M. and A. M. Divisions of the Louisville & Nashvillewith headquarters in Birmingham.This appointment gives Mr. Frendberg supervision over 'the Safety Section and Engineering Departmentwork and such other duties as maybe assigned to him.to to toINFLUENZA MASKS SENT TOCAMP TAYLOR FROM PARIS.Eight hundred nurses' masks, destined for use inJ;lie army cantonmentBase Hospital at Camp Taylor, representing the work of a large numberof patriotic Paris women, have beenshipped to the Camp, in response toan emergency call issUed for theirsupply. The masks are made ofgauze layers, about six inches square,and .re intended to be used over thenostrils and mouth by the -nurses inworking, about the Hospital with influenza patients, Sojme of thelmaskswere made on Sunday, which wasconsidered nece'ssary owing to the ur-Nge-ncy of the call for them.WAR FUND WORKERS URGED TOSHOVE LOAN OVER TOP.Carrying out a telegraphic request from John R. Mott, directorgeneral of the United War WorkFund cajmpaign, that the entire organization be used in .shoving theivourtn .Liberty Loan over the topduring the final week of the drive. C.A. Tevebaugh, campaign director forKentucky, has begun preparations tonotify by letter each of the 2,000leaders in the State war work organization. The request not onlycame from Mr. Mott, but was at the-suggestion of President ,Wilson. Jtmetwith the same hearty responseat the State compaign headquartersthat it received from the nationalheadquarters.to to torrCIWL SERVICE EXAMINATIONFOR CLERK-CARRIER.A competitive examination will beheld at the Paris postofflce on Nov.9, under the rules of the United StatesCivil Service Commission, for the p6sitions of clerk in the Paris postofflceand city carrier from the same station. The examination-' will be formales only. Full -particulars, application blanks, etc., may be obtaineden applicatidn to Mr. William rE.Clarke, local Secretary, at' tne Government building, in this city. . IQuick Action DemandedBUY YOUR SHOES NOW!tWe cannot too strongly urge you to buy your needsnow. Prices greatly advanced in all lines of shoes.Our enormous stocks in our retail stores and mammoth warehouses only enables us to still give youthese incomparable values.Greatest and Most Complete Selection of New,Stylish Men's, Women'sand Children's Footwear at Prices we willbe Unable to Duplicate.I m 11 Iiwc4r In m Fii i 1'lb-'IfIIJMM urn Irft jf 1fth&.&Jcr.THINGS TO WOKBY ABOUT..Don't get excited! The Spanish influenza is here all right, but that'sno reason for worry. Just keep a coolhead and follow closely the advice ofyour attending physician. We havehad Germa'n measles, Turkish sneezes,Kaiser grouches, Bulgarian yawns,and the good Lord knows what else,so if we are destined to have theSpanish influenza-.it is up to ustohave it. Just keep quiet -and don'tworry! Read the papers and findout what the symptdms' are and "whatto do for' it Hhen call in' your f atMlvWt offer the most beautiful and highest qualityLadies' Dark Grey andMahogany Tan Boots Inall sizes and widths atSPECIALBARGAINPRICESWah-0&Don't Put it Off; Buy Your Shoe Needs Now!Ladies' ' Dark ( Grey Boots, Turns,custom made at'. . '.,1Ladies' Mahogany Tan EnglishBoots, calf tolps, at. .'. i . . .'Ladies' Mahogany Tan EnglishBoots, cloth .tops to match, at ,Ladies' Gun Metal English Bootswing tip, low heel, at . . . .'Ladies Gun Metal, button, fco Atlow heel, at t .pfK7$5.95$5.00$3.95$3.49- ' ' , -DANMen's Dark Tan English benchmade, at ,Men's Tan English, Best Makes,atMen's Gun Metal Walk-Over,EnglishMen's and Boys' E. J. Best Wearing Siloes, heavy flexible solesBoys' Tan Home Guard Shoesat ,$5.50$4.50$3.49$4.00$3.49Paris' Greatest .Shoe StoreCOHENWhere Beauty and Economy ReignVpnysician:i)' . "A Vi, -. - -i. w - ;- j. -1 - .. .Mits.V X4"v r.f-p Jf Jt -r-f.11 Nx ,-' S-".