XXL. V .."'5 t "'J ? V - ('" A, 1THE-,t-NEWS. It.'.TSi r TUr J TJLsa. A2: .A - , i .F fc fcfiJKjHB vyL-;-jPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY lIN THE YEAR.VOLUMEXXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 26. 1918BOURBON?tSi - V W -.SVviSERVICE OPCOUNTRY.THEIRDr. A. H. Keller, of Paris, receiveda letter from his son, Sergt. ArthurN. Keller, who is in Co. B., 113thIN THETJ. S. Signal Corps,' at Camp Shelby, J city, a patient by the name of HawHattiesburg, Miss., in which he gave kins, who resides in the Shawhan vla very careful view of the soldiers cinity, was found to have a well-de-life there. Sergt. Keller expressedhimself as being perfectly wellpleased with the camp life, statingthat he and his comrades were welltaken care of, and in good physicalcondition. All the Bourbon countyboys at Camp Shelby are anxious toget into action. The boys in theSignal Corps are now seasoned veterans, having had over two years'training on the border service andin the various training camps. Theboys have invested largely in Liberty Bonds and have taken out"soldier insurance." Sergt. Kellerand Lawrence Hill are in the SignalCorps.Capt. William Collins has returnedto Camp Zachary Taylor, near Louisville, after a visit to friends and relatives in Paris and North Middletown. Herbert Sledd, of North Middletownv who enlisted in the iaval service and was sent to the trainingcamp at Norfolk, Va., has returnedTiomei Young Sledd sucessfully passed the physical examination at theLexington recruiting station, but atthe final examination at the training camp, was rejected because ofsome minor physical defect.Mr. Jesse Shuff, of Georgetown,formerly, turf writer on the Lexington Herald 'and Lexington Leader,left Saturday for Camp Zachary Taylor, having enlisted in the service.Lieut, and Mrs. James W. Miller,formerly of Millersburg, are visitingMrs. Miller's parents, Rev. and Mrs.Oney, in Mentelle Park, Lexington"While on his furlough from Camp2-achary Taylor, Lieut. Miller visitedrelatives and friends at his old home.Corporal Max Margolen, who hasbeen in the service at Camp Shelby,Hattiesburg, Miss., as a member otthe Medical Department of the 149 tnInfantry, has received an honorabledischarge on account of physical disability, and is at present in Paris.Margolen enlisted in the service atLexington on July 6, 1917, and hasan honorable record in the service.He praises the army Y. M. C. A. workat Camp Shelby, saying that it is thegreatest blessing the soldier boys inthe camp have. He has gained twenty-fivepounds in weight and manyyears in experience in the time hehas been at Camp Shelby.Spurred by a desire to avenge hisbrother, Roger Baker, who was oneof the Tuscania victims, Perry Baker,ci Levee, Montgomery county, appealed to the Faytette ExemptionBoard to send him to Camp ZacharyTaylor. His plea was granted, andafter passing a satisfactory physicalexamination, he accompanied theLexington contingent to Camp Zachary Taylor, yesterday.Mr. Dennis Snapp, of the Ken-tuckian-Citizen,received a letterSunday from his brother, Mr. Sherman Snapp, at Los Angeles, Cal.,stated that he had passed a "perfectphysically fit" examination beforethe Board of Examiners at SaniBarbara, Cali., and was "ready togo Mr. Snapp attained a highmark according to the copy of theexamining physician's certificate.He has been in the Yest for several3 ears as manager of the Royal Baking Powder Co.'s soliciting and advertising forces. Mr. Snapp statedt?iat he was willing to do all he couldto advance the cause of freedomand to help down the Hohenzollerns.The Catholic Young Men's Club, asocial auxiliary of the Paris Catholicchurch, has placed a service flag containing fifteen stars in the glassdoor leading to their rooms overShire & Fithian's. The fifteen boyb-who are now in the service are asfollows: Albert Dempsey, MartinDovle. Wm. Fitzgerald, Ed. Fitzpatrick. Jas. E. Cain, John FitzgeraldJJohn Fisher, Leo Grosche, ThomasGuilfoyle, Leo Hutson, LawrenceLavin, John Monson, Teddy Shannon,Cow. -MVvncrt-n anil Witi. Linehan. Aservice flair was also hung in thechurch last Saturday as a silent reminder of the boys who are servingtheir country.m m iHAVE YOUR HOUSE WIRED NOWOur corps of electricians can wireyour home now if the order is placedat once. Material is going higherevery day. Have your work donebefore the Spring house-cleanin6time, and too, before the materialgoes any higher.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.,(26-2t) Incorporated.V to mPUBLIC SALE OF STOCK, CttUJTAND IMPLEMENTS.See "advertisement in another column of the public sale on Thursday,February 28th, of the stock, cropand farm implements belonging toSilas E. Bedford. Sale will take placeon the farm on the Ford's Mill pike.beginning at 10 o'clock.(It)SMALL POX DEVELOPS IN HOSPITAL PATIENT.Shortly after he had undergone anoperation for appendicitisMassie Memorial Hospital,at thein thisveloped case of small-pox.The man had just returned from avisit to relatives and friends near"Winchester, where he formerly resided, when he was seized with indications of appendicitis. The physician who was called, ordered his re-movai to the local hospital, whereI the operation was successfully performed. As the patient was beingremoval from the operating roomthe physician in charge noted a suspicious-looking "breaking out" on hisface. He called two other physiciansin consultation, wishing to be certain. They pronounced the case oneof well-developed small-pox.Hawkins was at once removed to asmall house on the hospital grounds,where he was made comfortable, incare of a special nurse.The hospital was immediately placed under quarantine, disinfected andfumigated, and all the patients,nurses and attendants ' vaccinated.The building and the inmates willbe kept under the quarantine regulations for a period of ten days ormore.A woman patient who had justbeen discharged from the institutionas cured, was intercepted as she wasdescending the porch steps and madeto return to the hospital, where shewill have to remain until the quarantine is lifted by the Board of Health.Owing to the prompt and effectivesanitry measures and strict quarantine regulations imposed upon discovery of the man's affliction, thereis no danger of a spread of the disease. INVESTMENT PROPERTY ATAUCTION.Two-story business house on Mainstreet, four cottages on Sixteenthstreet, and two building lots on Cypress. See bills for description anddate.D. S. HENRY.m m wPREPARING FOR MARdH TERMOF CIRCUIT COURT.Attorneys were very busy all lastweek preparing petitions for presentation in suits in the March term ofBourbon Circuit Court. Friday wasthe last day for filing suits in theCircuit XJlerk's office, prior to theconvening of the term on Monday,March 11.The following names were drawnfrom the jury wheel for Bourbon citizens from which list the grand jurywill be selected and placed in thehands of Sheriff W. G. McClintock:V. W. Ferguson, Thos. "W. Current,C'has. D. Wilson, A. P. Adair, JohnMarston, Charles R. White, JohnMarr, W. D. McClintock, Forrest Letton, William Meteer, Chas. A. Webber, N. Ford Brent, Fred M. Fisher,William B. Ardery, J. Frank Clay, S.L. Weathers, J. M. Hall, C. C. Clark,S. Ray Burris, F. P. Kiser, Will Gay,H. S. Caywood, A. B. Hancock and S.S. Ardery.From the following list will be selected the two petit juries, whicnwill be empanelled to hear civil andcriminal cases at the March term:James Gregory, A. T. Rice, JamesConnell, Charles Wilmoth, ThomasMitchell, Clell Turney, A. L. Boatright, Henry Boardman, J. N. Mason,Joe Bodkin, Calvin Jones, D. G. Taylor, James Stewart, Catesby Woodford, Jr., George Wilson, TolliverYoung, C. P. Cook, Alva Thomas,Jimes Willmott, Walker B. Kiser, j"Ii. Horton, Henry Gaitskill, GuySmith, Logan Howard, William F.Clarke, John Towles, Thomas Kiser,W. H. Piper, R. P. Walsh, George A."Kellar, Swift Champ, Hume Payne,Sam Harding, W. W. Hinton, J. J.Teatch and Ray Cunningham.Ei m ISPOPULAR VOCALIST IN CONCERTAT FRANKFORT.An event of interest and pleasureof this week, which many Paris andBourbon county people hope to attend, will be the concert on Thursday evening at the Governor's Mansion at Frankfort, for the benefit ofthe Red Cross. Miss Emma Roberts,an American contralto singer of note,who has studied in this country andabroad, will sing, and there will bealso musicians from Concinnati andother places who will take part inthe program. Mrs. Stanley and theindies in charge hone to make theevent a very successful benefit, andtUa-v pvtp.nd a. cordial invitation tothe public to attend.Miss Roberts is a native of Hendei -son.and is a sister of Miss LucilleRoberts, of Henderson, who has several times been a guest of Miss Frances Champ, at the home of her par-1ents, Mr. and Mrs. Swift Champ, iajthis city. Miss Roberts was a classmate of Miss Champ at the KentuckyCollege for Women in Danville, andafterward attended Oxford'' College,in Oxford, Ohio. .X" i'RE -Orders to report for mobilizationwere sent out this week by Capt.Yirgil Simpson, adjutant of the DBarrow Base Hospital Unit No. 40made up mainly of nurses, physiciansand enlisted men from the Bluegiass section of the State.The enlisted men were ordered bymail or telegraph, if they lived at &distance, to report immediately. Fouror five days, it has been estimated,will be necessary before the men willbe mobilized and taken to CampZachary Taylor for active training.Lntil that time they will be considered as being in active military service,but will not be under stringent rules,and will be at liberty to use theirtime as they see fit, except at thehours in the morning and afternoonset for the roll call.No intimation was made in theorder received by Capt. Simpson asto when the nurses and physiciansill be called. It is generally believed, that they will be ordered toCamp Taylor within a few weeks after the enlisted men enter training.There are now enlisted and readyfor the call which was issued Sunday166 men. This leaves a number yetto be enlisted. The men will betaken care of while 'in Lexingtont the recruiting station.Those who will go from this cityand county are as follows: Oscar C;Ashcraft, Paris, Leslie C. Blankenhip, Paris, Russell E. Caldwell, Millersburg, Douglas Clay, Paris,. Samuel S. Dick, North Middletown, ThosE. Ingels, Millersburg, John Moran,Thos. Prichard, Alvin Thompson,Clarence N. Whaley, Baldwin Woods,Paris; Nurses: Miss Mary K. Stone,Mrs. Ina Blake. Mrs. Blake is a sis-'ter of Mrs. W. C. Powell, formerlyof Paris, now residing in LexingtonPRESIDENT FIXES PRICES1918 WHEAT CROP.OFA price of $2.20 a bushel thesame as for last year's crop wasf'xed by President Wilson, Saturday,for the coming season's wheat yield.The price is for No. 1 Northernspring wheat at Chicago, with ascale' of differentials for other markets. The differentials differ to a slightextent from those now operative andrange from a minimum of $2 to amaximum of $2.28. J -'5In fixing a price now for the newcrop, which will not be harvesteduntil "June, the Presidents was believed to have had two objects inview. The first was to halt legislation pending in Congress to fix pricesat from $2.25 to $3, and the otherwas to stimulate spring planting.HARROW'S HOSPITAL UNITPORTS THIS WEEK.WE KNOW HWGOOD TAILORINGWill Outlive Good Ordi nary Clothsconvriht.i9i7Kifcfcte.ftttrn&caIf you purchase a suit from us, whether you have itmade to your measure or select it from our immense ready-to-wearassortment, you will be satisfied with the price,style1 and wear.Suits Made to Measure From$25 to $50 ...Ready-to-Wear Suits From --$15 to $35MITCHELL &Stetson Hats Manhattan. AMATEUR ACTOR KILLS SPECTA-TOR BY ACCIDENT.During the progress of an amateur thatrical performance, staged atNorth Middletown, Saturday nightthe substitution of a loaded cartridgefor a blank one, whether intentionalor accidental, caused the death of aninnocent spectator.The play under presentation was!one of the Wild West variety, whereguns galore, villians and maidens indistress are made use of. Wm. Cason.who was playing the leading "hero"role, was supposed to make shortwork of the "villian" for which partanother "actor" was cast. When thacue came for the hero to shoot theillian Cason drew his revolver,which was supposed to be loadedwith blank cartridges, but which inblead contained loaded one, and.fired. The shot went wide, passingthrough a curtain, struck Will Rico,a spectator, in the temple, killinghim instantly.Coroner Davis and the authoritieswere notified. They went to thescene, and made an investigation,eliciting the facts as stated. Casonwas placed under arrest and broughtto Paris. He was given a hearingbefore County Judge Batterton on acharge of involuntary manslaughter,and was held to appear before thenext grand jury.MAIN STREET PROPERTY, FOURCOTTAGES AND SEVERALBUILDING LOTS ATAUCTION.If you are in the market for ahome, a business house or a buildinglot wait for the D. S. Henry sale onMarch 1st, at 2 p. m.hftnSCHOLARSHIPS OPEN.County School Superintendent J.B. Caywood is in receipt of a communication from State Superintendent O. V. Gilbert, at Frankfort,stating that scholarships in JohnsKopkins University at Baltimore, andthe George Peabody College forWomen, in New York, will be givento Kentucky. Persons desiring toobtain these scholarships should take.the matter up with SuperintendentGilbert.AT AUCTION MARCH 1ST.Four modern cottages and oneMain street business house will besold at auction on March 1st, at 2p. m. Watch papers and see billfor full particulars.D. S. HENRY.""Just now it is patrioticeconomy to order long-wearingclothes to pay a fairprice and get tailoring thatwill hold its Ficditliness andkeep you satisfied for alonger period.Few men ever retaincheaply tailored, clothestill they wear out !The shape goes wrongand the entire hang becomes floppy, then youbecome disgusted with yoursuit and discard it toranother.BLAKEMOREShirts Nettleton ShoesBOURBON'S EIGHT MEN ENROUTE TO CAMP.The eight young men from thiscity and county, who are to representBourbon in the selective draft callto Camp Zachary Taylor, met at thecourt house at four o'clock, yesterday afternoon, where they weregiven Cheir final instructions by theBoard of Exemption, and prepare!for their trip to Camp ZacharyTaylor.They spent the night at theirhomes, or in the city, and thismorning, under the command of Hiram Roseberry, who had been selected as Captain, proceeded to the Louisville & Nashville Tenth street station, where they entrained at 7:1bo'clock for the trip to the cantonment. They were accompanied byMr. Herman Barlow, of Paris, whohad recently volunteered and beenaccepted for service at the cantonment. The men will be inCaptainUoseberry's charge until they reachcamp.The men who left this morningwere: Hiram Roseberry, (captain),Albert Frederick, Charles WebsterHarp, Roy Hord Lovell, Ollie Carter,Kdgar Dodge, Ben H. Hough, GroverC. Case and Herman Barlow. Theywere all in high spirits, and seemedglad to have a chance to show theworld they were willing to do theirb't in defense of the cause of freedom.D fe3COMING ATTRACTIONS ATALAMO AND GRAND.THETo-day the charming and alwayswelcome Mary Pickfprd will appear,at the Alamo in the afternoon andac the Grand to-night, in one of herbest photoplays, "The Little American," said to be one of the best patriotic screen plays ever produced.The mere announcement of a MaryPickford picture is sufficient tocrowd the houses."The Son of His Father," the firstproduction in which clever youngCharles Ray will appear under thesupervision of Thomas H. Ince fopParamount, was picked out by theyoung actor himself from a numberof popular plays and stories submitted to him for his approval. "TheSon of His Father" is to be shown1o-morrow afternoon at the Alamoand at the PaTia Grand in the evening.In her new Select picture, "Scandal,"' which is scheduled Thursdayat these houses, Constance Talmadgaportrays the character of a high spirited society girl, spoiled' and capricious, with the depths of her realwomanliness unstirred. The storyhas been written, for the screen fromCosmo Hamilton's fascinating novelof the same name, and is filled withamusing complications and tense action. i mHELD TO GRAND JURY.In the County Court yesterday,.fames Ross, colored, was given ahearing before Judge Batterton, ona grand larceny charge. Ross wasarrested in Ruckerville by PatrolmenLusk and Judy on information filedby Chief of Police Link. Ross wasaccused of having broken open awindow in the office of the KentuckvTraction & Terminal Co., vat Fifthand High streets, in this city, and.stealing four quarts of whisky anda quantity of beer. Chief of PoliceLink secured evidence that resultedin a warrant being sworn out forRoss' arrest The evidence of hisguilt being conclusive, Judge Batterton ordered him held to appearbefore the grand jury at the Marchterm of the Bourbon Circuit Court.Failing to furnish bond, he was sentto jail.Ross had only been out of thsFrankfort Reformatory a short time,having been sent up on a forgerycharge.1E3WAR STAMP CAMPAIGN.The big drive to secure $340,000which has been apportioned to thiscounty in the Thrift Stamp campaign, was inaugurated Saturday afternoon, when Hon. E. M. Dicksondelivered an address at the courthouse at two o'clock, to a crowd estimated at seven hundred. In hisaddress, which lasted for over anhour, Mr. Dickson went into detailexplaining the aims and objects ofthe War Stamps campaign. He urged the people of the city and thecounty to rally to the cause of thecountry and our allies overseas bysupplying the funds to help carrythe war for freedom and democracyto a succesful conclusion.At the conclusion of the address aconference was held at which it wasdecided to hold another meeting inthe court house Thursday afternoon,and effect a permanent working organization, to map out the line ofcampaign for the workers, and toelect committeesfromjeach precinctin the "county. t - -TIME OF SECOND DRAFT HOTYET DECIDED ON.Secretary Baker authorized thstatement yesterday that no date hadbeen selected for the beginning ofthe second draft. Various estimatehave placed the time between Marchv1 and June 1. These are declaredto be entirely guesses.The Government's disposition noto disturb the labor situation, particularly on farms at the planting season, is one of the factors enteringinto the situation.The Provost Marshal General's office, it is understood, is disinclinedto go ahead with the second draftuntil Congress has perfected the lawby pending amendments to changethe basis of apportionment and to authorize the President to call into themilitary service men skilled in industry and agriculture regardless ofprevious classification.The remining increments of thefirst draft will begiil to move forward to the "camps beginning thisweek. It is probable that nextmonth local boards may be asked toforward small increments necessaryto replace men going overseas, butthe expected summons of half a oiillion will be later.111TOBACCO MARKET.The Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCompany finished its block sale yesterday from last Friday, selling onthis date 124,240 pounds of tobaccofor $39,248.18, an average of $31.59.The market was strong, while inequality of the offering was very medium. Some crop averages:Stuart Bros, 5,045 pounds; average $30.61.Collins & Henry, 3,395 pounds;average $38.83.J. L. Robinson, Mt. Sterling, Ky.,6,210 pounds; average $35.86.'Dr. Robertson & Hutchison, Mt.Sterling, Ky., 4,305; average $37.26.Woodford & Harney, 2,225 pounds;average $36.12.Thomas & Reid, 8,615 pounds; average $30.25.Dodge & Purcell, 6,625 pounds;average $32.16.Stephenson & Osborne, 4,360pounds; average $32.78. , -Sims & Deering, 3,620 pounds;average $39.72.Tarr & Swinney, 5,900 pounds; average $38.28.A. P. Adair & Son, 2,860 pounds;average $36.58.Clay &JTobin, 2,980ijiounB;NAVerage $37.30.Connell & Shanks, 3,370. pounds;average $47.29. .Skillman & McKinney, 2,125pounds; average $34.33.Burke, Brent & Gray, 10,225pounds; average $36.22. cCurrent & McChord, 1,565 pounds;average $36.73.Bryan & Beatty, 3,085 pounds; aveiage $38.19.Soper & Hanley, 2,210 pounds; average $38.61.Tobacco sales on Monday have beenresumed on the Paris markets afterthe suspension due to the fuel conservation order issued by the Government. This was decided upon at arecent meeting of the BourbonCounty Tobacco Board of Trade. Theheavy receipts of tobacco was another factor in determining the resumption of Monday sales, so as to clearthe floors.One of the best sales of the seasonwas made at one of the Maysviltehouses last week, when a total of550,000 pounds of tobacco "was disposed of at auction, the prices running as high as $60. The marketwas unusually strong and buyersalmost fell over each other in theireagerness to get picking of the hignclass offerings.PUBLIC SALE OF TOWN PROPERTY. Having invested in farm land, Iwill convert a portion of my cityproperty into cash to meet my obligations. I wTill sell on Friday, March 1st,at 2 p. m., my two-story brick business house on Main street, oppositeFordham Hotel, and four modern,frame cottages on Sixteenth streetThey are substantially built and always rented to first-class tenants.D. S. HENRY.TRUSTEES ELECT 0ITICERS-.At a meeting of the trustees ofschools divisions No. 3, 4, 5, held Inthe office of County SuperintendentJ. B. Caywood, Saturday, Mr. W. L.Campbell was elected Chairman anaHorace L. Purdy, secretary .of 'Dlision No) 3, and Reynolds Letton,chairman, and John Sauer, secretary,of Division No. 4. On account of alack of a quorum, no officers wereelected for Division No. 5. rBIG SALE OF STOCK, CROP ANDFARM IMPLEMENTSLots of bargains in household andkitchen furniture, farm implements,chickens, ducks, feed, etc., at thsSilas E. Bedford sale on Thursday,Feb. 28th, at 10 o'clock. See advrtisement in another column for ulllist of .stock, crop.etc. . .i-mi'?p;vH-N ,F"XJ-4t.NMMUMpa"- -"'.K-pjtMVMMjwwili iri.i..,Mii ,. ,,,, nirt tm ulitiiii f. lji,a,w.i -jLanHi .mi , itwun mwtftwAJTUB8DAY, FEBRUARY 2lr llfTJLG1 TWOTi'Xr--THE BOURBON IWS4itohtd 188135 Year of Continuous Publication."Wished Every Tuesday and Friday,c gea.r. . .$2.00 Six Months. . .f LOOPayable In Advance.W(FT CrtAMP. Editor and Owner.Any erroneous reflection upon thehr&cier, standing or reputation ofimj person, firm or corporation which'-apy appear in the columns of THE4fOUTtBON NEWS will be gladly cor-twoibed If brought to attention of thefctltar.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 pery4ach for first time; 50 cents per inch'" -scli subsequent insertion.Heading Notices, 10 cents per line-"aok Issue; Tedding notices in black'tjfce, 20 cents per line, each issue.iiJCfcrds of thanks, calls on candi-a$gs, obituaries and resolutions, and-qjilar-matfer, 10 cents per line.lfecial t rates for large advertise-"-menfe and yearly contracts.'Toe 'right of publisher Is reserved$o-decline any advertisement or othermatter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied byUi,,cah.7 -This paper has enlistedynth thegovernment in the- cause of America for the,eriod of the warEDITORIAL MUSINGS. --Coffee and Coffee Making.A system of chain stores in Louis-ville is advertising-coffee at a moder-i, .sate price upon the proposition that it3he consumer does not find it as good- -as any coffee he can buy at any price"2ie may return it.Nothing in culinary art is more-difficult apparently than making perfect coffee. Some cooks, by necro-"macy they do not attempt to explain,xnake an excellent beverage out oflowrpriced coffee. Some of them'eannot made good coffee no matter"whit the grade of the commodity'they use. There are Innumerable".t:ocir-sure offers of formulae for mak-1n good coffee, but all rules seemto fail in some hands and someJiands and some cooks without' rules" set good results.Very probably there is a good dealbf bluff in very high-priced coffee.J&juiy rate there are many hous-' 'keepers who have, as a last desperateresort, paid the highest price in themarket for coffee only to be disappointed, and there are housekepers"who serve you coffee that is akin tos nectar and tell you how little it- cosls.Some Kentucky Weather.The United States Department ofJLgri culture has issued from its""W either- Bureau some cllmatologicaldata for February, which shows thatKentucky was part of a limited area" "which was the coldest part of theJnited States during January, thetemperature being the lowest on rec-'-ord since the averages of temperalure of States has been kept: Themonth was the coldest in years, aver---rage.temperature being 20 6-10 below" "zero, 7and was below .normal duringtwenty-seven days of the month. The3.2th was the coldest day since thejold New Year of 1864, the thermometer reading from 12 to 20 degreestfbelow, with a wind velocity of forty'smiles an hour at the highest and avelocity of thirty miles an hour during the whole day. Berea was the"-coldest place in the State, with a- temperature of 21 degrees belowero. The snowfall was the heaviest' ever known.Labor Versus Idleness.7There isno blight like the blightof idleness. It is in the unworkedgarden that weeds grow. It is in thestagnant water that disease germswaken to horrid life. It is in the- calm that marines lose heart, and.from the spent battlefields pestilence,ir Tnore dreaded foe than the red cai--tnageof war. Ennui palls upon a'" vbrave heart as prostrated peace fallsupon a true soldier. Ennui is like a- long-winded, amiable, but wrateryideod friend who dropped in to seeus and dribbles platitudes untilserey nerve stands out like porcupinequills and we long for the advent oft x& enemy. Ennui is like being forced to eat meat without salt, or toI drink tepid water. Labor, on thecontrary, if it be remunerated labor,is a friend with grit and endurance-ia. his makeup. It comes to us as awind visits the forest, and sets allour facilities stirring, as the wind-Tufies the treetops. It saltens up our7m.eat and spices our drink."Them Wuz The Days!"JK&ny farmers and others can ret&an the fact that when they werboysln-iheftirmttlS!mlr wtfohad wo aprni'4 seats 0 Hitpn hiswagon for,jgaia days was&onsideredu- fprtunateTand well-to-do farmerMost farmers then had only onespring seat and the chidren sat behind on mere boards laid across thewagon bed. Then came the farmerwho had the spring wagon, a smallerwagon with springs under it. Thenthe top carriage, and so on. Now itis the automible that runs not onlyon springs but on cushioned tiresand one automobile costs about asmuch as thirty spring wagons usedto cost. In all of this we may eatenthe drift of progress and also an explanation of the high cost of-living.But we have to have such thing?now.The Thirst Trammelers.Beyond doubt that element of society which feels, that it is -'calledupon to prescribe the rules of livingfor the remainder is convinced thatthe drinking of liquid refreshmentsis its peculiar province. Time waswhen, with apparently good reasons,it could be admonished as to the consumption of alocholic beverages andeven insist upon the enactment oflaws to prohibit the habit. That erais passed. Now approaches the hourwhen regulation is to be applied tothe drinking of all brews and decoctions including the nerve-shatteringtea, haled at last into the light as astimulant and therefore dangerous.For the present, according to localreport, the organization will devoteitself to the extirpation of a softdrink sold in large quantities at themiltary camps on the ground thatit contains a drug and to the banishment of patent medicines which,have in their make-up a percentag-iof corrupting and moral destroyingalcohol.It so happens that the reputedfrightful drug contained in the softdrink is the same that furnishes theactive principle of stimulation incoffee, tea and cocoa and it is alsoa fact that the amount of alcoholwhich may be used in medicines J?supervised by the Federal Government, which draws a distinction between them and disguised beverages.But what boots this explanation?The regulators have already decidedthat the Government shall oust thesearticles from the market. Soon theblessed-bean of Araby and its soothing leaf of Cathay will come withinthe excommunication, the bacteriologists will find more bugs in the milkand the water supply and butwhat's the use? 1Heads of Households.It is the mothers who are the headsof the households. The culinary department of your household is , inyour domain. You decide all questions of diet. All the sanitary regulations of your house are under yoursupervision. To regulate the food,and the apparel, and the habits anddecide the ' thousand questions ofhome life is a tax upon your brainand nerve and general health absolutely appalling if there is noMivinoalleviation.It does not help you much to betold that Elizabeth Fry did wonderful things mid the criminals of Newgate. It does not help you much tobe told that Florence Nightingalewas very kind to the wounded inCrimea. It would be better for us totell you that the divine friend ofMary and Martha is you friend, andthat He sees all the annoyancesand disappointments and abrasionsand exasperations of an ordinaryhousekeeper from morn till night andfrom the first day of the year to -thelast day of the year and at your callis ready with help and re-inforce-ment.Home People First.It frequently happens that astranger coming into a communityand putting on the airs of a gentleman, is taken up at once and lionized, though nothing whatever laknown of his antecedents and thesequel often proves that it is the bestnot to" take up with strangers tooreadily. The old friends whom wehave known all our lives and whosecharacters are firm and establishedas the everlasting hills, are too aptto become commonplace to us, butwe know they will do to tie to,and it is not best to give them upfor those whom we do not know.The man or woman who builds up acharacter and maintains it for yearsin the same community deserves someconsideration, and the friendship orsuch people is to be preferred at alltimes to the showy attention 01strangers." Waiting For Wilhelm.Away down yonder in the bottomles?pit,Is a chair all ready for the Kaiserto sit,And the Devil is waiting with hisgreasy handTo slide him right into the fryingpan.How soon 'twill be no one can telt,But he's sure on his way to a plac3called Hell;He and his fiends that are wokingtogether.Should flock down there like birdoof a feather.There is no place on this old earth,For the Kaiser, or any of the Kaisers birth;The only way to have peace againTfi tO KPTJfl Vlim AnvtT-n tntn U1.,. , c wxuiihis dad to 'reign.vlTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY. - - t ,Financial Report -v.Received by Health & Welfare League from Metropolitan ,Insurance Co., For Nurse's Services $ 319.00Funds or" Health & Welfare League expended by nurse "703.53Funds of Bourbon County expended by nurse 106.51'Private Funds expended by nurse , 407.23$1,217.27Report of Health DepartmentVisits of nurse'to sick (Metropolitan Policy Holders) 638Visits of nurse to sick (notMetropolitan Policy Holders) 596Visits of nurse for purposes of investigation, business, Etc. 996Patients Receiving Nurse's AttentionyTubercular Cases (New in 1917)Tubercular Cases (Carried over)Deaths from Tuberculosis (white patients) 5Deaths from Tuberculosis (colored patients) 10Typhoid CasesPneumonia CasesMeasles CasesScarlet FeverDiphtheriaBirths (Nurse in attendance)Operations (Nurse assisting)Children sent to Dentist rCases taken to specialist vCases taken to hospitalHomes FumigatedHomes' reported for fumigationPatients supplied, where necessary for their comfort,sheets, pillow cases, gowns, towels,caps, bed pans, fountain syringes, clinical thermometers, obstetricalpads and bandagesReport of Welfare DepartmentFamilies supplied with coal 68Families supplied with groceries : 30Families supplied with clothing 20Families supplied with blankets ' 3Families supplied with stoves , 3Families for whom rent was paid 2Temporary lodging provided for , 5Transportation given to 12Children supplied with shoes, rubbers, clothing and books. 16Soap provided for 4Children taken to Kentucky Receiving Home: I 3Positions securd for 2Schools visited 3Activities and Extension Work of Health & Welfare LeaguePenny Lunch for school children, opened by nurse at her officeJan. 19, continuing through March 30. Average 50 children tooklunch each day. Received from lunches $34.83.Annual Clean UpNDay planned and advertised in April with theusual good results."Busy Bee Club" organized by nurse in May, 1917. Composedof 1 2 little girls. Meetings every two weeks at nurse's office. Socialhour and instruction in home making and sewing.Community Garden started in May, 1917, supervised by nurse.Forty-five boys took garden plots. Thirty-three boys carecTf or gardensto close of season. Prizes were awarded for best gardens. Plot ofground loaned and prizes awarded by Mr. Catesby Spears.proceeds From Plots Cultivated By LeagueFresh vegetables supplied to 5 familiesFresh vegetables sold $15.70Potatoes harvested . 3 sacksTurnips 1 sackTomatoes 85 cansAll day sewing for colored children held by colored women ofcommunity at the Domestic Science Rooms of the Colored City School.Penny Lunch opened at City School December 10, 1917. Mrs.C. A. McMillan in charge.Sale of Red Cross Christmas Seals put on in December, with approximately $350.00 in seals sold. Complete settlement not made attime of printing this report.Community Christmas observed at County Court House, December 23, 1917. 153 needy children of town and county receivedChristmas "goodies" and substantial gifts.Donations to Health & Welfare League During 1917Cash96 lbs. FlourLoad of roastin'g earsCot xIceMilk 'Potatoes fGarden SeedClothing of all kinds (new and' Material for dressesShoesToys and CandyCarNload of coalA NATIONAL DUTY.The Treasury of the United Stateshas a great deal of money to raiseand it can not be raised by bankersalone, says Secretary McAdoo. Thebanks of this country can not alonesustain America's needs in this warand extend to our allies the essential aid which they must have tocontinue the war.The rich of this country can notdo it alone; the men of this countrycan not do it alone; the women ofthis country can not do it alone,but all Of US. the nprmlp nf Hip TTnifortI C14.i J! . - . - .otaues, uisregaramg partnersmp, forgetting seinsh interests,thinking2,230132033181050213052l1022withsurgical dressings, medication, ice$ 695.71. "1; -- ,i "- .,old)- V' '(Respectfully submittedHARRIET P. MINAKERonly of the supremacy of right anddetermined to -vindicate the majestyof American ideals and secure thesafety of America and civilization,can do the great and splendid workwhich God has called upon us lo do.- bi m m.Mouth Juices Keep Teeth Clean.An English physician has advancedthe theory that thVjuices of the mouthare intended to keep the teeth clean,not to prepare food for digestion asgenerally believedrSomtimes a woman is so hard upfor something J.q, boast of she willbrag on a husband who hasn't gotenterprise enough to plant a garden.'DMVEB!1 nil 1 iiySlackejr" you slyour easy cnair,xnanxingrineyou're not "overroar and the-there"Where the cannonsbrave men die,And, dying, perhaps unburied lie;You may have purchased a bond ortwoAnd imagine that is enough to do.But some day, after the war is doneAnd victory by the brave is won,You'll see men sneer as they passyou by,And you'll wish you had not beenafraid to die mFor what is the life of , a cowardworthWhen he hasn't a friend on thislonely earth?But the world may consent to forgetsome day,And when it has done so, what willyou sayTo the grandson sitting upon yourknee,As he shows you his -book, saying,"Grandpa, see,! ,Here is where, in the great worldwarWe lost a thousand soldiers or more."And when he turns and looks up atyou,Saying, "Tell me, grandpa, what didyou do?"Slacker, you'll sit in your big armchair, Wishing that you had been "overthere,';And you'll" give your life for theright to say: L"I fought for God and theU. S. A."(Palmer Kiser, 3 3 2d Infantry,Camp Sheridan.la K mRice 400 B. C.The culture of rice is alluded to Inthe Talmud, and there is evidencethat it was grown in the valley ofthe Euphrates and in Syria before 400B. C. It was taken into Persia fromIndia, and later into Spain by theArabs. Thence its culture was Introduced into Italy about A. D. 1468. TheSpaniards are also responsible for itsintroduction into Peru and other sections" of Spanish America during theearly colonial period, but the exactdate has not been definitely deter-"mined.THAT TERRIBLE HEADACHE.Do you have periodical attacks ofheadache, accompanied by sicknessof the stomach or vomiting, a sallow skin and dull eyesr If so, yoncan get quick relief, by takingChamberlain's Tablets as directed.for biliousness, and you may be ableto avoid these attacks if you observe th6 directions with each package. (adv-feb)Fresh Cow For Sale.I have a good Jersey Cow forsale, now fresh; and another onewill be fresh soon.(15-4t-F) A. S. THOMPSON.Position Wanted.Position as manager or overseer offarm. Experienced. Best of reference. Apply at this office. (tfFor Rent.The place recently purchased byVirginia Minter, two miles tromParis, on the Ruddle's Mills pike, 13for rent at $1,000 cash. For information, callJ. B. CAYWOOD,At Court House.Save Your Eyes.How can a youngster keep up inschool when every attempt at studycausesHeadaches and Nervousness?Backward children have frequentlygone up with the "Heads of theClass" when .properly fitted withglasses.Give your children a chance.Bring them in for an examinationright away.DR. W. R. FRANKLINCumb. Phone 7.520 Main St.LtoraPUBLIC SALEOPThirty First-Class Jersey CowsAt Murphy's Stock Yards, Paris, Ky.Thursday, February 28, 1918All of this lot are strictly first-class, fifteen of them withcalves by their side, and the balance will probably be fresh by theday of sale. If you are in the market for a first-class cow don'tfail to attend this sale.Sale starts promptly at 2 P. M., rain or shine.FOR RENT.Desirable house, ok Main strMt;has five rooms and bath; good biigarden. -(5-tf) J. T. HINTON.Grass Land WantedWanted to rent 25 acres of goodgrass land for grazing, or will rentsmall farm for .tobacco and corn.Will pay cash rent. Not particularabout location, just so land is withineighX miles of ParfSv Address,THE BOUKBON NEWS,(22-2t) Paris, Ky.Trees! Shrubs! Plants!Now is the time to plant yourOrchard, Lawn, and Garden..Our large descriptive catalogue ofreliable Fruit and Shade Trees,Small Fruits, Shrubs, Evergreens,Grapes, Asparagus, Seed Potatoes,Strawberry Plants, Etc., are freeupon inquiry.ITo Agents! Write To-day!H;. F. mLLENMEYER & SONS,Lexington,. Ky.(15-6t)Public Sale-OF-Stock, Crop, Etc.I will offer at public sale on theMrs. Gnrley Taylor place, known asthe Wright farm, on the Hume &Bedford pike, 4 miles from Paris, onFriday, March 1, 1918,beginning at 10 a, m., the following:.4 cows, extra good;3 calves;1 good Jersey heiferr2 good work horses;3 brood sows (Duroc) will pigabout 1st of March;20 or 25 barrels corn in crib;20 shocks fodder;5 or 6 tons of baled timothy hayextra good.33 ewes due to lamb middle ofMarch r x1 Newton Giant Incubator andBrooder, never been used.I Da Laval Separator;Milk- eans;Chicken coop;1 lot nice chickens; y2 or 3 stoves;Some- household and kitchen furnitures TERMS AH sums of ?25 and-under,cash; all over that 3 month3time,, with good notiable notebearing 6 interest.WM. REDMON,Geo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer.(td)PUBLIC SALE-OF-Bourbon Farm!Having decided to sell my farm, Iwill sell the same at public auctionon the premises, at the intersectionof the Clintonville and Ironworkspikes, 7 miles from Paris, onMONDAY, MARCH 4, 191ft,at the hour of 10:30 a. m.This farm consists of IIS and afraction acres, and is very desirablylocated in a good neighborhood, nearto church, school and railroad station. About 50 acres in grass, balance under cultivation, of whichabout 26 acres are in wheat. Thisground will rnaise excellent tobacco,is well watered with three never-failingponds; also a well.Has comfortable 7 room 2-storyframe residence; with 2 balls presses,porches, etc.; 1 stock barn; garage;smoke house, and all necessary outbuildings; orchard; garden; is wellfenced.-Possession can be given aboutMarch 3.I also offer for sale privatelya choice lot of household and kitchenfurniture.TERM One-third cash, balancein two equal payments of one andtwo years, with lien retained on landto secure payments of notes.MRS.NANNIE CLAY HOWARD,R. P. D. 1, Paris, Ky.Home Phone 10 (Clint.) Ex.)M. J. MURPHY.'.xAA. -i VVV1 VA-V- VtjeiL"5-" jBP"Vr JVWVrfj&-,4sr7TUESDAY, FEBRUARY. 2f,,UlSTWtlOtmBON& jilJCli. - USiRi. !VMuSiKr JT, - ,-,-?,. 4w"sy rf. -5 n,yfcaiia!..'"? J ...a- -fc -r- xa14MPE-7'- ysLarCash For Cream IWe are at your service. Call and see us.Correct Weight and Test !Market Price !Cincinnati Creamery Co.H. L. MITCHELL, Agent106 East Tenth St.Paris, KentuckyHEW HEN EUIING A BLESSINGThe ruling of the United StatesFood Administration-' prohibiting theselling of hens and pullets, from February 11 to May 1, 1918, is for thepurpose of conserving the ess supplyof the country and to encourage theproduction of more chickens.It has been an unfortunate customin the State of Kentucky for thefarmer to sell hens during the earlyspring monttis, just at the time whenthey would be producing the jmosteggs. It is estimated that 1,000,000fowls are sold annually from thisState during this time. This represents a loss of 30,000,000 eggs,which will be prevented this year.Heretofore every farmer who hassold a hen during February lias lostat least fifty cents per hen by so doing. Therefore, this rule 'is not ahardship, but a blessing, as the income to the farmers in Kentucky willbe something like $500,000 morethan if the hens had been sold.Tie nation needs the eggs ihat willbe laid by these hens in order to Increase our food supply and help winthe war.After May 1st these hens may besold as usual.Furthermore, do not "break up"the broody hen. She is only expressing her desire to help defeatthe Kaiser. Give her a setting ofeggs and let her raise chickens. Itwill be both profitable and patriotic.FRED M. SACKETT,Federal Food Commissioner For Kentucky. isa m mWhat has become of the old-fashionedconstructive capitalist whowanted to build a railroad?PIPE'S DIAPEPSINFOR INDIGESTION ORSOUR, ACID STOMACHIn Eire Minutes! No Dyspepsia,Heartburn or Any Stomach Misery.Sour, gassy, upset stomach, indigestion, heartburn, dyspepsia; whenthe food you eat ferments into gasesand upsets ypu; your head aches andyou feel sick and miserable, that'swhen you realize the wonderful acidneutralizing powder in Pape's Diapepsin. It makes all such stomach misery, due to acidity, vanish in flv:jminutes.If your stomach is in a continuousrevolt if you can't get it regulated,please, for your sake, try Pape's Diapepsin. It's so needless to have anacid stomach make your next meala favorite food meal, then take a little Diapepsin. There will not be anydistress eat without fear. It's because Pape's Diapepsin "really does"sweeten out-of-order stomachs thatgive it its millions of sales annually.Get a large fifty-cent case of Pape'Diapepsin from any drug store. It ithe quickest, surest antacid andstomach relief known. It acts almost like magic it is a scientific,harmless and pleasant stomach preparation which truly belongs in evervhome. (adv)' MILLERSURG-"Charm" to Save Teeth.It was a Roman custom to hangbeads of red coral on the cradtes ofinfants and around their necks to "preserve and fasten their teeth"and savethem from "the falling sickness."Of course a Turkish wrar statement is not very accurate, but itbeats an American timetable.Personally we do not claim to bemore abstenious than any other goodpatriot, but sometimes we go a weekwithout a parsnip.A MAN AND HIS WIFE3i 11"- omnwmmay both derive saiisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us! Thecost is nominal, while the pie asure of wearing pld clothes thathave the appearance of new, inc6nj unction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings us.Mr. M. E. Pruitt was in Mt.Sterling on business Friday.Miss Mildred Bruce, of Irvine,was at home Friday and Saturday.Messrs. A. S. Best r- and J. T.Redmon were in Cincinnati an business Friday.Mrs. L. T. Vimont, of Newport,is a guest of her mother, Mrs. Russell Mitchell.Mrs. -Mary Huffman,- who Isspending the winter in Paris, is athome for a few 'days.Mr. and Mrs. Roy Endicott leftFriday for Florida. Mr. Endcottwill remain, until May.Mr. and Mrs. William Best, ofCincinnati, arrived Friday as guestsof their sister, Mrs. J. A. Miller.Mrs. M. B. Dalton and son, ofLexington, were guests of her mother, Mrs. N. D. Rigdon, Friday andSatruday.Mr. and Mrs. F. E. Petersonvere guests of her parents, Mr. andMrs. Rice, of Hutchison, Saturdayand Sunday.Miss Fay McWhorter has resumed her school duties at the Lettonschool after a visit to relatives atAusterlitz.Miss Mary Taylor returned onThursday after a protracted visit toher sister, Mrs. S. H. Creighton, atIndianapolis.Mr. S. M. 'Allen and family, andMr. D. W. Ingels and family, wereguests of Mr. and Mrs. D. R. Rogers, on Cane Ridge, Sunday.Messrs. C. C. Chanslor and David Cassiday exchanged homes Thursde, and on the same day 'Dr. EarlPlummer and. Mr. T. E. Bowles didlikewise.Mr. James Howard is among tilesick. Miss Mamie Collins has returned to her duties at the home ofMrs. M. E. Martin, after a threepeeks' illness, at her home at Headquarters.Mrs. Bayless DeBell, of Ewing,after a week's visit to her daughter, Mrs. R. M. Caldwell, left Saturday for a visit to another daughter,Mrs. George Jeffreys, at Lexington.Messrs. J. A. Ingels, R. E. Caldwell and T. H. Gilmore, Jr., left'yesterday for Lexington, where theytv 111 become members of the Dr. Bariow Base Hospital Unit No. .40.Mrs. J. A. Miller, Mr. and Mrs.A. S. Best, Col. and Mrs. C. M. Best,Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Best, the latter ofCincinnati, attended the funeral ofMr. Ben D. Best, at Georgetown,Sunday afternoon.While cranking his automobileSaturday, Mr. Allen Mason had hidright arm broken near the elbow,when the machine backfired. He wastaken to his home and the injuredmember received medical attention.The last number of the LyceumCourse, a concert, was given at theII." C. Auditorium Saturday at eightp. m. The company was well received, and the concert was good.The course was conducted by theRed Cross chapter, and a nice littlesum will be realized by them.The many friends of Mr. C. W.Howard will regret to learn that heLEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 Home Phone 1692$6.50' LouisvilleCourier-JournalDaily BylMail(Not Sunday) ,yandThe Bourbon NewsYour Home Paper and" the best known DailyNewspaper in this Section.An Excellent Combination!Subscriptions under this combined rate maybe sent to the office of the BOURBON NEWSor to the ARDERY DRUG CO., the CourierJournal Agent.sociaA and; personal.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Miss Frances Clay has, returnedfnmi a visit to Miss Louise Kohlass,in. Winchester. iMrs. Bishop Hibler was a guest!last week of Mrs. Charles Gemnger,in Harrodsburg.Mrs. Anna Gillespie, of nearParis, is a guest of friends and relatives in Cincinnati.Prof. J. M. Scott has returnedfrom a prospecting trip to Demopolis and other points in Alabama.Mrs. Harry Stamler and sonRaymond, have returned from a visitto relatives in Cincinnati. N ,Mrs. W. T. Brooks has a guest ather home on Duncan avenue, hersister, Mrs. Chas. Spillman, of Harrodsburg. Mrs. Will N. Rion and two littledaughters have returned to theirhome in Latonia, after a visit to Mr.and Mrs. John Koontz, on SouthMain street.Miss Margaret Redding, ofFrankfort, was a guest several daysthe past week of Mrs. Kate Redding, in this city.Mr. and Mrs. Thomas HelmClay have returned to their home onEighth street, after a visit to Mr.and Mrs. R.M. Hopkins, in Covington. Mr. and Mrs. Charles Ramsey,of Winchester; have gone to Charleston, W. Va., to reside. Mrs. Ramseyvas formerly Miss Ella Rea Nichols,of Clintonville.tMrs. Wm. Dawson and littleson, Billie Dawson, have returned totheir home in LaGrange, Ky., aftera visit'to Mrs. Leer Stout, and otherrelatives in this city.Mrs. Robert S. McCray andguest, Miss Pauline Leggett, ofSlater, Mo., have returned to NorthMiddletown, after a visit to MissCorinne Allen, near Georgetown.Mr. and Mrs. C. H. Goodmanwere guests of relatives in Maysvilleseveral days last week. Mr. Goodman succeeded Mr. C. K. Clinkenbeard as ticket agent -for the L. & N.at Paiij.Mi ". r-iilet Turner has returnedto Hamilton College, Lexington, andher brother, Capt. Louis Turner, toM. M. I., at Millersburg, after aweek-end visit to their parents, Mr.and Mrs. Ed. Turner, near Paris.Mrs. J. A. Stern left yesterdayfor Spartansburg, South Carolina,to visit her son,"' First LieutenantMilton J. Stern, who is in the service at Camp Wadsworth. Lieut.Stern is in the Second Pioneer Infantry.hT , .Mrs. J. a. saunaers nas returned to her home in Parkersburg,W. Va., after a visit to relatives andfriends in this city. Mrs. Saunderswas formerly Miss Jennie Whaley,daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Wm. H.Whaley, Sr., of East Paris.Mr. Charles Thomas, of Carlisle,formerly a member of the Paris fiedepartment, has gone to Detroit,Michiga, where he will have a fineposition as machinist in one of thebis: automobile fa'ctories. M;.Is critically ill with pneumonia at his Thomas is a brother of Mrs.L. M.home at Lexington. Drs. Dailey and THhhlp nf this ritvSmith were called in consultation,ith his Lexington physicians Thursday and Friday. Mr. Howard formerly resided here, and has a largeciicle of friends.The many friends of Lieut. Richard Huffman will be glad to learnthat he is doing nicely at Burlington, 111. He is growing fleshy andall of his time is occupied. He doesnot even have time to get homesick.He is instructor in French for aclass of officers, and delivers lecturerdaily on gas explosions and gasmaskslThe annual Junior receptionwas held in the main building of tiiM. M. I. Friday from eight to elevenp. m. It was fully up to the average.A large number of invitations wereissued, and the most of them responded to. The building was appropriately decorated, in harmony withthe occasion, it being Washington"birthday, blending the Washingtonperiod, with the conditions of to-day,mingled with Red Cross designs.The spacious dining room was athing of beauty, the center table being decorated with cut flowers. Theguests were served with Ices anacake. The Lexington orchestra,which was stationed in the rear ofthe hall added much to the occasion.Many of the ladies were beautifullyand handsomely gowned. Visitorswere present from all the surrounding towns. It was one of those occasions which will always live in thememory of those present. The longieceiving line was stationed in thelibrary, with Col.., Best at its head.151 Wl - "'"WILL PROVIDES FOE CARE OPPET GEESE.Mr. W. C. Stipp, one of the bstknown residents of the county, recently celebrated the seventy-seventhanniversary of his birth by giving adining at his home in Clintonville to,the following guests: Mr. and Mrs.Tlibs. Darnaby, Mr. and Mrs. L. A.Stephenson, Mr. and Mrs. J. B.Stipp, Mr. and Mrs. R. S. Darnaby,Mr. and Mrs. Varden Shipp, Mr. andMrs. R. L. Stipp, Mr. and Mrs. W. R.Stipp; Mrs. Ann Stephenson, Mrs.Mary Stipp, Mrs. Sarah Schooler,Mrs. J. T.. Perry, Mrs. G. W. Dawson;-Misses Martha and CordieStephenson, Nannie B. Stipp; Messrs.W. F. Heathman, B. F. Stipp, RayStipp, Charles and Roy Stipp.(Other Personals on Page 5)IIm:sMARGOLEN'SHome - KilledMeatsThe recent probating of, the lastwill and testament of Mrs. QuincyBurgess, of near Hutchison, in thiscounty, in which she left .$1,000 forthe care of a pet dog has a counterpart in the will of Mr. J. M. Holstner, of 2,621 Main street Louisville.In his will Mr. Holstner leaves$200 a year to be used for the support and care of two pet geese, on 2a gander twenty years old, and another a goose nineteen years old,which he had reared from' goslinghood days, and of which he had become very fo-nd. They are to bevgiven the very best care and attention at all times!1 , .Fresh FishReceived DailyDressed to OrderFree of Charge !MflRGOroSanitary Meat Marketv -GROCERIESAt "Hoover" Prices!BLUE RIBBON GARDEN SEEDS6 REGULAR 5c PAPERS FORiNONE BETTERColored Beans Down to 12 l-2c Lb.Best Soft Tipped Matchesper box 5cClean Easy Laundry Soapper bar 5c"Pearl" T6ilet Soapper bar 5c''White Lilly". ToiletSoap, per bar 5cGrand Pa's WonderSoap per bar 5c"Santa Claus" WoolenSoap, per bar...'. .. j5cBest Table Syrupper gallon 90cBest Table Syrupper half -gallon 45 cBest Soda1-pound package 7cBest Macaroni (oldprice) per box . . 5c"Sun Maid" Raisinsper package 1 5cShelled Nuts (a fewpounds) per lb 75cLayer Figs, 20c sizeper package 1 0cDeviled Meats (oldprice) per can 5cLye. Hominy, large can2 cans for .25cBest Rolled Oatsper box ,..'12cCondensed Milk, 10c sizeper can . . . . 8cSoups, 15c can at oldprice, per can 1 OcGrape Juice25c bottle at 1 ScBaked Beans, OliveBrand," per can . . 1 5cSugar Corn,per can 1 5cTomatoes, best quality, -mediumsize can.. 15cTomatoes, best quality,large size can 20cMixed Nuts (about 50pounds) per lb 15cCorn Flakesper package . .". 1 0cDried Peachesper pound 15cThese Prices are For CASH and to- "CARRY" Customers Only.The Busy Bee Cash StoreWANTED !Every Automobile OwnerIn Bourbon CountyTo Have the Advantage of Our -R,!norBring your old tires to us andhave your work done by an expertwho has had years of experiencebuilding tires. Come and see for'.yourself.jWe Do Re-Treading andVulcanizing of All KindsC S. BALL GARAGECr. Fourth mud Pleasant Sic.il&-cv;v.J.j.r SfiM rmwMMHirfiH'iMW.T5Bi -aiwuiiXPMiYoeiTHE BOURBON NBW$ PARIS, KT.TUESDAY, WMBRVAMJ U, 1t;rhJUDGE STOUTHEALTH.m BADJudge Robert Lee Stout, CircuitJudge of this district, is in Floridato recuperate from illness. He hasbeen in bad health for some time ani'& Florida sojourn was advised by hisphysicians. If he is unable to return, or is not improved sufficientlyto permit a resumption of his courtduties, a special judge will have topreside at the March term of theBourbon Circuit Court. His manyfriends in Bourbon hope Judge Stoutmay soon be restored to health.Public Salelive Stock, Crop and Farm:k Implements.Having to give possession of theSidney Clay farm on the Bethlehempike I will sell on the premises, 8miles southwest of Paris, onFriday, March 1, '18,beginning at ten o'clock, a. m.,following:the40 head of 600 pound cattle;15 yearling calves;Several milk cows, to be fresh inthe Spring;1 sow and eight pigs;1 sow, to farrow by day of sale;5 sows, to farrow by the middle ofApril;1 sow, to farrow May 1;15 cattle shoats;1 work mare, in foal to Percheron;rl 5-year-old sorrel driving mare:rl aged mule;1 10-year-old saddle mare;1 2-year-old Percheron filly;1 2-year-old sorrel gelding, byCharming Prince;Seven or eight other head of workstock;75 ewes, will lamb last of March;14,000 tobacco sticks;1 McCormick bull rake;1 Johnson mowing machine.1 Blue Grass seed stripper;1 Superior Alfalfa Drill;i corn planter;v X mowing machine;l riding cultivator;1 buggy;1 4-year-old mule;1 2-year-old brown filly;TERMS $25 or under, cash inhand; sums over $25 approved nego-uauic iiuic xui 3U uo.ys, uccuiug interest from day of sale until paid.SARA M. DANIEL,R. F. D. 1, Hutchison, Ky.2009-6 rings Home phone (Paris ex.,M. F. KENNEY, Auctioneer.CcntcuiTPUBLIC SALEI will sell at public auction, at my farm on the Ford's Mill pike" onemile south of Paris, onThursday, Feb. 28, 1918,beginning at 10 o'clock, a. m., the following stock, crop, farming implements, household goods, etc:2 bay work-mares;1 five-year-old mare mule, goodworker;1 three-year-old mare mule;1 two-year-old mare mule;1 yearling horse mule;3 Shetland ponies, well broken;3 calves;Smilk cows;2 heifers;1 yearling steer;22 nice ewes, just beginning to lamb;2 -brood sows, bred;Lot nice corn in crib;, Household and kitchen furnituremention.TERMS Made known on day ofHere You Are SURE ToGet the BestWe not only carry the most complete line of sick-room- necessities and toilet articles, but we. carry the best., Every purchase you make in this store is not onlybacked by the guarantee of its maker, but also carrieswith it this tore's guarantee.Your Satisfaction is Assuredi Or Your Money Is Cheerfully RefundedCarrying the best known and widely advertised lines; " backed by this double guarantee, why take a chance elsei where? Why trust to luck that you will be satisfied?Here you KNOW you will. The next time you need anything, either in the line of sick room necessities or toile tarticles of any sort, try us.43You will find It decidedly worth yourwhile to go a little out of yourway to make your purchases here.BROOKS & SN APP DRUG CO.LS MAIN ST., PHONE 46LOCAL U. g., M ATONE PBAISESSIGNAL BATTALION.Combining his military duties withan advanced study of electricity,which he believes to be equal to theelectrical course taught in and mechanical school, Private Fred Brooks,of Paris, Ky., is now a specialist inthe work performed by the MarineCorps Signal Battalion a Philadelphia. Brook's battalion claims therecord for mounting and operating awireless outfit hi the field in the remarkable time" of one minute andtwenty-seven seconds.Sending and receiving of radiograms, repairing and wiring of electrical instruments and classes inelectricity are all in the day's workfor the Signal Battalion. Membersare taught to splice cables, operatea switchboard, connect party lines,and repair batteries under the direction of a telephone expert.Private Brooks says that the Marine Signal Battalion offers interesting work for young men who havesome training in radio, telephone,gas-engines or other mechanicalwork. Volunteers who are enrolledfnr this work will not be sent to atraining camp, but will take up theirduties immediately with the SignalBatallion. He advises any localboys who are interested to communicate with him at Philadelphia, orthe Marine Corps recruiting station.Fourth and Jefferson streets, Louisville, Ky.A fta BaCLAEK COUNTY MAN MAKES AMYSTERIOUS DISAPPEARANCEMrs. J. W. Adams, who lives on theMuddy Creek pike, in Clark county,has requested the aid of the authorities in a search for her husband,n-ho left his home over two weeksago, and has not been heard fromsince.Mr. Adams was to come to Bourbon county in regard to a deal forthe sale of a farm in this county.He left in the best of' humor withthe expectation of returning withiua few days at the very least. Sincehis avowed intention of returning Inthat time he has neither written norcommunicated in any way with 4ii5family. They fear he may have metwith foul play.Mr. Adams is described as beingabout fifty-two years old, has grayhair, a sandy mustache and blueeyes. When he left home he wore atan mixture overcoat. He is not anvinTrino1 m r o t A caamaA r Vo inthe yery best of healUl He has beena tobacco raiser for seveial years.Anyone who can give any light onthe whereabouts of Mr. Adams is ask-bd to communicate with Mrs. J. "W.1 Adams, R. F. D. 7, Winchester, Ky.Lot of baled hay in barn;1 good Studebaker 2-horse wagon,hay frame and bed;1 mowing machine;1 iron roller;1 cutting harrow;1 smoothing harrow;Cultivators and breaking plows;1 new scalding box;1 water trough, new, never used;Buggies, plows, lot of farm gear, etc;1 new cream separator;1 barrel apple vinegar;Lot chicken and ducks.and other articles too numerous totsale.SILAS E. BEDFORD,Both Phones 189, Paris, Kentucky.PARIS WINS CLAM TO" CHAMPIONSHIP.STATEThe week ending February 23,added four more games of basketball to the list of victories which thsteams of the Paris High School fcav ewon this season.On Thursday night Maysyille cameto town, bringing both her girls' anaboys' teams, a-nd and expecting tocarry away the honors of the occasion, but their hopes were in vain,and Paris won both games. TheParis girls played faster ball than, isgenerally seen in girls' games, andcame out on the long end of a scoreof 38 to 14, thus keeping up theirreputation of being undefeated by aRigh School team. As usual, MissRose led in goal throwing, but thework of Misses Elder and McClin-tock, and Miss Heller's air-tiglitguarding were features that appealed to all true lovers of good basket ball.In the boys' game the Paris boyshad a fairly easy time a-nd were ableto save themselves to some extent forthe hard game which they were expecting the following night. Ruletook Captain Rice's place at centerin the last half in order to have Riceas fresh as possible for the Somerset game. Burnett was the chiefcoal thrower of the occasion, butevery Paris man got into the scoringcolumn during the evening. Thefinal score was Paris 51, Maysvillc15.On Friday night the team fromSomerset High School came to Pariswith the State championship alreadyin their possession, as they thought.They were quite sure that Paris hadno chance to wrest that covetedhonor from their grasp. But alas, fordreams the passing and team workcf the Paris boys were more -thanthey had counted on, and after getting away in the lead during the firstfew minutes of play, they were foreed to realize that they were gradually being out-played and that theirhopes were ebbing. Early in the firsthalf Somerset was ten points in thelead, but that failed to scare Parisin the least, and the end of the firsthalf found the score 17 to 16 infavor of Paris. In the second halfthe Paris team came back strongerthan ever, and all doubt was soon removed as to which was the betterteam. Every man on the Paristeam played like a veteran, and topick a star would be impossible; butthe way Lavin and Clark kept theball away from Somerset's end of th3floor deserves mention. The finalscore was 37 to 30 in favor of Paris.A summary of the game follows:Somerset Goals: Cooper, C.,2;Claunch, F.; Lewis, F.; Han, F.; McEwan, G. and F., 6; H. Clarke, G.,7; Fliffin, C, Roberts, C.Paris Goals: Rice, C, 1; Burnett, F., 5; Roberts, F., 6; Lavin,G., 3; R. Clark, G., 1.. Foul Goals Burnett 5 in nine attempts. Referee Hinton, Georgetown College. Saturday night our boys went toFrankfort and found they were rather stiff and inactive from their haidgame on Friday night. During thefust half they were unable to getstarted and the. half ended withthe score 15 to 13 in favor of Frankfort. But all the Paris boys neededwas to get suppled up and they wereleady to play in their usual formduring the second half. While Frankfort was making eleven points theParisians rolled the pigskin sphereinto the basket for forty-one points,making their total score 54. Roberts, chagrined at failure to score Inthe first half proceeded to make tengoals in the second, while Burnettgot eight, Rice three and Lavin five,lirankfort's final score was 26.Teams that play such basket ballas these games have shown our teamscan play deserve the support of everyperson in Paris. See that you theamong those present at the Y. M. C.A. gymnasium next Friday night atseven-thirty.B-4 FIREInsure withW.O. HINTON &SON,AgtsMT. STERLING VISITED BY $10,000 EIRE.Fire which originated in the barber shpp of George B. Turner, in thebasement of the Traders' NationalBank Building, in Mt. Sterling, at2:30 o'clock Sunday morning, completely gutted the interior of thebank, and destroyed the barber shopfixtures, causing a loss of $10,000.The fire was one of the hardest tofight ever known in the city and thedepartment did excellent work toconfine the flames to the one building. The loss on the building will beabout $5,000, covered by insurance.All the fixtures were badly damagedby smoke and water. It is estimatedthat the loss on the fixtures willreach $3,500, covered by insurance.The loss on the barber shop fixtureswill be about $600, partially coveredby insurance.Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.mm MPUBLIC SALE, EEB. 28.Attend the Silas E. Bedford saleon Thursday, February 28th, at 10o'clock, of horses, mules, cows, hogs,fcorn, chickens, ducks, farm imple-ments, etc., will be sold at auction.PINE WOODFORD COUNTY PARMAT PUBLIC SALE.See the Paris Realty Co. aboutthat fine 382-acre farm in Woodford county, between Lexington andVersailles, to be sold at public auction on Thursday, February 28. Finetobacco land; lays well; is well improved. (18-3t) PARIS REALTY CO.FOR SALE50 tons of No. 1 mixed hay.LOU TAYLOR,Maysville Pike, Paris, Ky.Phones, Home 210, Cumb. 937.(26-2t)Wanted.Second-hand Furniture ana Stoveswanted. Must be in good repair.J. ELVOVE.Home Phone 360.(26-3t)Furniture WantedAll kinds of second-hand furniture,such as chairs, tables, dressers, beds,chiffoniers, stoves, etc.THE ARK,F. B. Thomas, Manager,(26feb-3t) Cumb. Phone 780.Sale of Bank Stock.Notice is hereby given that I willoffer at public sale at the CourtHouse door in Paris, Kentucky, onMonday, (Court Day), March 4,1918, at 11 o'clock, a. m., twentyshares of the capital stock of theBourbon-Agricultural Bank & TrustCompany.M. F. KENNEY, Auctioneer.C26-2t)NOTICEAll persons having claims againstthe estate of Leer Stout, deceased,are requested to present same atonce, properly pi oven as required bylaw, to the undersigned.All persons indebted to the estate:of Leer Stout, deceased, are likewise requested to call on the undersigned at once and settle indebtedness. CANNIE G. STOUT,Executrix Leer Stout Estate.'"' (26-3wks)YOUNG MEN'S STYLESTOR SPRINGThey're Ready! The New Styles AreHere Awaiting Your Inspection!EVER before haveNthis season. Master designers are responsibleYoung Men's Clothes you will find here. Theform-fitting backs, straight fronts and plain and fancy pockets, are shown inabundance. Such patterns as young men fancy have been selected, and in buying your Spring Suit here you are bound to get one that is satisfactory all around.Drop in and we will be glad to show you, whether you buy or not.All-Wool Fabrics in Splendid Values$12.50 to $35.00OUR TAILOR IS HEREOur Tailor from Storrs-Schaefer Company, Cincinnati, Ohio, is here with asplendid line of iabrics for Spring and Summer. He will be with us untilThursday, February 28th, soR.7th and MainFRANK&CO.THE RELIABLE STORESpring 1918NOWNew Spring MaterialsOF EVERY DESCRIPTIONSilks, Dress GoodsVOILES, POPLINS,GINGHAMS, SHIRTINGS,SKIRTINGS. WAISTINGSWHITE GOODS IN NEW STYLESNOVELTIES OF ALL KINDS IN NEWVASH GOODSREADY -SUITS, SKIRTSSILK AND WASH DRESSESifr..COME INOURFRANK & CO.we assembled such splendidDrop In To-Day and LeaveYour Measure For a SuitP. WALSHOne-Price StoreSHOWINGTO - WEARAND SEESTOCK.styles as we are showingfor the splendid models innew military models with-'fParis, Ky.9fc.-i.;ht1iTUESDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1118tTHE BOURBON KBITS, KXtfiS, Kt." . -ei.1 V?"SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.IT PAYS TO ADVERTISE.5FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSETOBACCO COTTON.All grades and prices at Feld'sDepartment Store. (tf)WE'VE CUT THE BIG CHEESE.We have cut the big 1,000 poundcheese. Buy a piece, it's fine.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.RED CROSS SEWING IN GRANDJURY ROOM.On account of many ladies gettingthe location of the Red Cross sewing rooms confused, THE NEWS isasked to state that the grand juryroom, in the court house is now being used for that purpose.SALE OF BANK STOCK.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney sold atthe court house door in Paris, Saturday, the following capital stockof the Peoples' Deposit Bank andTrust Co.: Five shares to Wm. Meteer, at $239.50 per share; fiveshares to S. E. Bedford at $237 peishare; five shares to same at $233per share.STETSON SPRING STYLES.Comings and Goings of OarPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Ready for you and the very bestlooking hats Stetson has produced,$5.00J. W. DAVIS & CO.PLEASE RETURN BOOK.The party who borrowed the volume of Kiplings "Seven Seas" willplease return same to the owner.(adv-2t)PATRIOTIC CARD PARTY A HUGESUCCESS.Paris and Bourbon county, people,as well as many from other counties,turned out en masse Friday afternoon, in a patriotic desire to helpthe women of the War Relief workrealize a good sum at their "Patriotic Card Party."The party, which was given in thbig ball room at the Maso-nic Temple, from two to five-thirty, was amost enjoyable affair. The roomwas appropriately decorated withAmerican flags, bunting and flower?.Patriotic emblems formed the decorations on the napkins and the tallycards. Forty tables of players participated.REELF00T T.ATTR FISH FRESHCAUGHT, TO-DAY.Fine fresh caught Reelfoot Lakefish, to-day. We clean and dressthem free of charge. Phone in. yourorder early.MARGOLEN'S SANITARY MEATMARKET.MAIN STREET PROPERTY ATAUCTION.Investors and home seekers will dowell to wait for my auction sale onMarch 1st one Main street businesshouse, four extra well-built and desirable cottages on Sixteenth street.,always rented, five large rooms, bathcomplete; cellar and attic.D. S. HENRY.T&BS 1MOVING DAY WILL SOON BEHERE.The first of March, the time whenthere is a general changing of abodeamong farm tenants, will soon behere. This will necessarily causesome confusion for a time in address.THE NEWS asks those subscriberswho will change their residences onor after March 1, to promptly notifythis office, giving former addresses,os well as the new one. Promptcompliance with this request will bevaluable assistance rendered the mailcarrier on rural routes, as well asenabling THE NEWS to keep itsmailing list correct. Please attendto this.DON'T FORGET DATE OF SALE,FEBRUARY 28.Farmers will miss a rare chance ifthey fail to attend the Silas E. Bedford sale on February 28. Read overthe display advertisement in anothercolumn for a full list of the manythings that will be sold. (It)CLOTHING AT PBESENT PRICESA good purchase now for the farFighted man. You'll pay 'at least25 more next fall, so buy now.J. W. DAVIS & CO.BEP0RT OF THE F. G. SMALLSALEAuctioneer M. F. Kenney furnishes the following report of the FfG. Small sale, held Friday on theMrs. Sallie Hedges farm, near Talbott Station, and which was advertised in THE NEWS:One cow sold for $98; yearlingJersey steers $38 each; horses from$125 to $198; one pair of half-Per-cheronmares $515: one mule, $140;sow and four pigs, $38; 50-lb. shoats,$6 each; corn, $8 per barrel; hams,50c per pound; sidemeat, 40c perpound; shoulders, 35c per pound;lard 40c per pound. Farming imTmnts sold well. There was agop& attendance and the bidding wasMrs. Monroe Mansfield is convalescent, after an illness of fifteenweeks' duration.Mr. Ireland Davis left yesterdayfor Tampa, Fla., to spend the balance of the winter.Miss Allie Morgan, of Covington, is a guest of the Misses Holladay, on Pleasant street.Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Thompsonhave arrived home from a month'sstay at Ormond, Florida.Mrs. Ruodlph Davis has returned from from a visit to her mother,Mrs. Mary Howes, in Carlisle.Mr. O. T. Hinton left yesterdayfor a ten-days stay in Ann Arbor,Michigan, on a business mission.Mrs. Curtis Henry has returnedfrom a visit to her parents, Mr. andMrs. Harry B. Burnaw, In Carlisle.Mr. and Mrs. Louis Taylor have,returned from a sojourn at WestBaden Springs, West Baden, Indiana,Mrs. Stanhope Widemann andchildren have returned from a visitto her parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. D.Purcell, in Lexington.-Mr. Wm. R. Hukill left yesterday for Hot Springs, Ark., to attend the spring race meeting, whichopens there Thursday.Louise Wright, the bright youngdaughter of Mr. and Mrs. AlbertWright, on Pleasant street, is .confined to her home with typhoid fever.Mrs. Cassius M. Clay has returned to her home at "Auvergne,"near Paris, after a visit to her sister, Mrs. Samuel Stone, in theWeissenger-Gaulbert Apartments, atLouisville.Mr. Wallace W. Mitchell writesfrom Ft. Myers, Fla., to .Parifriends that he is enjoying himselfin the sunny clime of Florida, andis feeling greatly improved physically. Mr. and Mrs. Thos. Cross, andMr. Wm. Daniels, of Chicago, whocame to Kentucky to attend thehorse sales at Lexington were recentquests of-McCray Bros., at NorthMiddletown.Mrs. John Parrish, who has beena patient at the Massie MemorialHospital for several weeks, is convalescent. She has been removed toher home on the R. L. Collins farmon the Jackstown pike.Miss Mary Adams Talbott, ofParis, was one of the- guests Fridayafternoon in Lexington at an initiation ceremonial and reception held"at the home of Miss Marie Youngly the Lamba Alpha Chapter of theChi Omega fraternity of the University of Kentucky. After the exercises a fraternity feast was enjoyed.Mr. and Mrs. B. F. ,Skillman,who sold their farm near North Middletown, recently, have said goodbj'-es ot their many friends and relatives and moved to their new homenear Demopolis, Ala. Mr. Skillmanwas the last of the large Skillmanfamily that resided in and nearNorth Middletown for over thirtyyears.Mr. Louis (Toney) Ray, son ofMr. and Mrs. Sweeney Ray, of Paris,has been very ill in a Louisville hospital, with stomach trouble. Physicians, after a consultation, deemedan operation necessary, but lately deferred it for two or three days, hopeful of a favorable change in the patient's condition.The Tampa, Fla., correspondencec.f the Louisville Sunday CourierJournal says: "Mrs. I. I. Foxworthyand Mrs. Virgil Robb, both formerlyfrom Kentucky, entertained a number of friends from the Fort Myer3Bluegrass colony with a theatreparty. The matinee was followed bya dinner at the Foxworthy home.Among the Kentucky matrons were.Mrs. Winn and Mrs. Pettit, of Lexington; Mrs. J. C. Everett, of Maysville; Mrs. Thomas Chenault andMrs. Harvey Chenault, of Richmond,Mrs. Julia VanWinkle, of Louisville;Mrs. Hodges, of Lexington; Mrs. M.H. Dailey, of Paris, and Mrs. Schuster, of Glasgow, and the Misses Dur-rett, of Maysville Mrs. RussellMann, of Paris, Ky.; Mrs. Sallie McMillan, of Lexington, Ky., and Mrs.Bean, of Winchester, Ky., and visiting Mrs. J. W. Stuckey, at PortTampa for a day or two .... Mrs. J.Frank Clay, of Paris, who has been-visiting at Eustis, is the guest ofMrs. John Payne hNere for severalw eeks After a short visit inTampa and St. Petersburg, Mr. andMrs. Duncan Bell, of Paris, Ky., areat Fort Myers for an extended visitJudge and Mrs. Robert Winn, ofMt. Sterling, Ky., are among the latearrivals at Eustis Mrs. E. F. Clayand family, of Paris, Ky., were dinner guests of Mr. and Mrs. Smiththis week at Eustis."(Other Personals on Page 3)J&1E3 IMRS. STOUT TO CONTINUE THESTOUT CAFE.The Stout Cafe, which the lateMr. Leer ("Kid") Stout, conductedso successfully for many years, willbe continued by his widow, Mrs.Cannie Grimes Stout.The last will and testament of Mr.Slout was admitted to probate in theCounty Court last Thursday beforeCounty Judge George Batterton. Bythe terms of the will all the testator's estate, both real, and personal,is devised to his widow. Mrs. Stoutwas named as, executrix, and qualified for the trust '-. TLong years of experience havproved to the business man the valueof advertising. That "It Pays To Advertise" has become repognizedthroughout the whole civilizedworld.Through the medium of THENEWS, a valuable diamond ring advertised in. Friday's issue as lost,was found and restored to the" owner,Mr. Jo S. Varden. It pays to advertise. Through the same medium a silkdress lost on Houston avenue, wasfound and restored to Mr. Sim Levy.Mr. Levy advertised in THE NEWS.The finder saw the advertisementand restored the dress. It paid toadvertise. Nearly everybody readsTHE NEWS, and an advertisementplaced in its columns is sure to reachall parts of the city of Paris and thecounty. It pays to advertise inTHE NEWS, especially!WALL PAPER!WE TOLD YOU SOAnd Here They Are All the LatebtEffects in Wall Papers.Plain and Printed Oatmeals,limitation Leathers,Japanese Grass Cloths,Metalized Tiffany Effects,Fruit a-nd Foliage Designs,Chambry and Stripes,Plain and Cut-Out Borders,Ribbons and Binders,Indepedent Ceilings, Etc.Strictly -new goods from 10c up.THE FAIR.BAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly RollCream PuffsDoughnuts, Rolls, PiesGROCERYFruitsFresh VegetablesMEATDEPARTMENTRoatsLamb, Veal, PorkBrainsWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376: j :First Aid FrenchFor AmericanSoldierswithVictor RecordsyLessons No. 1 and 218419Lessons No. 3 and 418420Lessons No. 5 and S. 18421PRICE PER SET$2.50.DaughertyBros.Fifth and MainJust Arrived!NewSPRING SUITS, COATS AND- I-DRESSESIn All the Latest Colors and MaterialsNEWJ - iSPRING MILLINERYARRIVING DAILYWe also have a beautiful line ofnew Spring White Goods, WashGoods and many other materials toselect from.Come in and Inspect Our Select LinesHARRY SIMONAgents For Munsing Wear, Warner's Rust Proof Corsetsand Eiffel Brand HosieryiTwiwfwiwiwgWiMand other Housef utin-i5 yuu aavv iwi?jmrm m-HUUI-4iIs3AIiIigi,IS13a!saaJ-sCOMETo Our February and MarchBIG CASH SALE"N ',x .-7This sale qoiftet i ! - - jt the very time yiou needIfarniffjMgs, Mattingsn f t ?. every time you buy a dollar.lis.- Can you beat it? No oorc9 VItasss42 Iittg?" MWhole Stock Is- In This Big Cash Sale !I T " " -.JBig Cash Sale Price of ThisMaple Rocktr$3.98Just Take 20 Per Cent Offthe regular price of anything you findin our stock and you know our stockis as good as you can find.See the Queen Anne Solid Walnuti 4Dining Room Suite in Our WindowCome to this Sale! We Save You Money!THE J. T. HINTON CO.MOTOR HEARSE-MOTOR INVALID COACHUNDERTAKING"EITHCRPHONC't -36,?SIXTH AND MAIN STSS.tirr5 imlas 'd m i kV - m'l 3&e "! XasIJI 4 c1 .vvt f- i jfTHE BOfTwaAM xi wt Dima WT ; s -v - - , m rr i it ia iruwAf!niiferTfsT ' - vr -' -wrr '";, .?&v,TOBACCO MUtKET.vfThe Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCompany completed its sale of thePark Warehouse floor !Priday, disposing of 156,125 .pounds of tobaccofor $I6,02.73 an average of $29.50per-hundred pounds. The marketwa; strong and active throughout. Aa)e was started, at the BourbonHouse but' was left unfinished at theclosing hour. The following averages were reported Friday.T. W: Current sold 7,325 poundsfor an average of $33.77 per hundred pounds.- R. T. Jidy sold 4,375 pounds for.an average of $34.39.Keffett& Day sold 2,565 poundsfor an average of $34.43. .-T. J. Fleming sold 4,070 poundsfor an average of $34.66.Dimmitt & Long sold 2,905 poundsforan average of $30.68.Craft & Snapp sold 1,285 poundsfor an average of $31.82.Ardery & Overby sold 2,750pounds for an average of $35.71.' Jones & Mason sold 2,535 poundsfor an average of $33.03.V Tom Wilson sold 2,200 pounds foran average f $32.83.Cleveland & Galloway sold 1,885pounds for an average of $42.87.Marshall & Berry sold 4,235pounds for an average of $37.40.Buckner & Berry sold 4,235 pounds:for an average of $37.40.Buckner & Carter sold 4,475pounds for an average of $35.67.' Wilson & Lanter sold 3,580 poundsfor an average of $34.59.Soper & Anderson sold 2,465pounds for an average of $31.52.Hedmon & Banta sold 4,045 poundszor an average oi qd4.su.itash & Stewart sold 3,830 poundsfor an average of $33.68.Judy & Guy sold 6,640 pounds oftobacco for an average of $36.34.Joe Botkin sold 4,210 pounds foran average of $34.37.Russell Boardman sold 4,340pounds for an average of $41.79.DEEADFUL COUGH CUBED.A severe cold is often followedtby a rough cough for which Chamberlain's Cough Remedy has provenespecially valuable. Mrs. F. W.Olsen, Marysville, Mo., writes:"About two years ago my little boyJean caught a severe cold andcoughed dreadfully for days. I trieda number of cough medicines butnothing did him any good until Igave him Chamberlain's CoughRemedy. It relieved his cough rightaway and before he had finishedtaking one bottle he was cured. Ithink it is just fine for children."(adv-feb)GAHAL BROSBARBER SHOPPrompt and Courteous Attention toPatrons.HOT AND COLD BATHS.m-INDEPENDENTTobacco Warehouse CompanyTotal Sales- vSale of.1 ,DAILYI'MThe Independent Tobacco Warehouse Co.NEW TREATMENTORRHEUMATISMGO ARADIIGreat Rheumatic Curative Property Can Now Be TreatedAt Home.Radium for rheumatism at a pricewithin the reach of all. yThat's the news which, Is causinga furor of discussion timong thosowho have been enduring the aches,pains, and twinges of this dreadedcomplaint. -Heretofore radium treatments havebeen enormously expensive, v Eitherthe, sufferer had to journey to somehot springs to drink the water containing the radium emanations, orvisit, an institution known as an"Emanatorium" where the radiumtreatment was taken by inhaling thegas or emanations given off froma quantity of pure radium.But now science has learned howtn irrmrison these radium emana-;0 iohiof form cn that thnvLmay be taken at home with jnealsana xne user put to uu luuuiivcuience whatever. Despite the enovmoust first cost of pure radium, hoVever, these tablets, each producingfour mache units of genuine radiumemanation, have been placed on th3market at a price no greater thanthat asked for ordinary medicines.The new treatment is controlledexclusively by the manufacturers ofTanlac, the most widely known general system tonic in America. Theradium tablets contain other usefulingredients and an efficacious medicament for external applicationgoes with the package which is being introduced under the name ofTanlac Rheumatism Treatment.If you are bothered with rheumatism go get Tanlac RheumatismTreatment and get a real niedicincfor this complaint. The manufacturers cannot guarantee that it willcure you, but they do guaranteethat if you are not satisfied with theresults obtained you will get yourmoney back without question.Buy it at any good drug storewhere you buy Tanlac, the famoutonic. i (adv)Vain Promise Otherwise.She (to fiance) "We must be veryeconomical now. Promise me that youwill do nothing you can't afford." He"What ! Do you want me to break offthe engagement?"THE(Incorporated) 'PARIS, KENTUCKYfaviyFor December r. ay-v,-Average, ?'February 7th7l!Average, $31tcXWe Invite Compari anSALESWILL BEMELDExcept SaturdaysJtEVr COMBS ATOEXIHGTON.In ajseries of entertainments being held at the Lexington (Ky,)Public Library this week, Rev, G. R.Combs, the popular pastor of theParis Methodist Church, on -Tuesdaynight lectured on "The Songs of theKentucky Mountains," which "wasthe general theme for the evening'sentertainment.Rev. Combs lecture was illustrated with music numbers, and a recital of some of the mountain songjfrom the book of "'Lonesome Tunes,"folk songs compiled by Loraine Wyman a,nd Haword Rockwey, of NewYork, bv Mrs. William A. Hifner,with accompaniment by Miss MyrtleKesheimer. -yRev. Combs has the most completecollection of folk lore that is to befound in this country. He is himself a mountaineer and is thereforebetter able to give a correct imita-tion of folk songs than a personwho has merely studied them withouthaving been associated with thomountain people themselves.The Lexington Leader of Wednesday, Feb. 20, 'had the following tosay regarding the lecture:"It was -an evening of rare delightto the large audience present, manyof whom are natives of the Kentuckymountains or had traveled in thatinteresting district."Mr. Combs' lecture was in twoparts, the fiist telling of his desireto make a collection of the folksongs, being anxious to preserve thebest for the sake of the mountainpeople, his people, where he wasborn and reared, and for the sake ofstudying them in their historic interest. "As a mountain man, the speakersaid, he has a prejudice in favor ofthe songs which had no origin acrossthe seas, as have so many of thesongs obtained by other collectors,and so he has preserved as many aspossible of those native to the soil,pure mountaineer, created amongthose majestic hills and breathing ofspontaneity and inspiration of dailyincidents."He mentioned the other collectorsof mountain folk song and lore, Joseph McGill, Josiah Combs, Dr. Hubert Shearin, Miss Wyman and Dr.Brockway."In his own collection, Mr. Combssaid, he has about four hundred ofthe songs, but they are not yet classified and arranged. Folk songs andfolk lore, the speaker continued, arethe best index to the life of the peopie and these songs tell of their tragedies, their moods, their longingsand their emotions in the simplehard, rugged life, far away fromrailroads and large cities. He gavea vivid picture of the toil and caresof husband, wife, son, daughter andthe 'lonesome tunes' they would beapt to sing while engaged in theirdaily tasks."The second part of the lecturecame after Mrs. Hifner's first groupof songs, and gave an insight intothe gayer side of the mountain lifas interpreted in their songs." . r"Mr. Combs has a delightful melorlinncs vnipf and illustrated his lecturewith songs of the different classfncations unaccompanied except with two) j005l Pounds-'.'.iiriVJ-)Boundsvf'-V-W-WbB tmHSDELIGHTFULLYDIFFERENTscented, irpalpably fine, it actually benefits as weu as protects Dyclinging to the skin.Send ten cents for our dainty.miniature, weeK-ena dox,containing mis powaer,Phantom rowaer, Motor Cream, lootnPaste ana nanajelly.M. A. PATONPhone 1010516 Main St.or three dashing: accompaniments onthe banjo, although he said he wasnot an expert and had scarcely playedon one since wnen a boy he made abanjo for himself and traded it offfor a shotgun."The lecture was friven with a mostattractive ease of manner and readiness which charmed the audience."CATARRHAL DEAPNESS CANNOTBE CUREDby local applications, as they cannotreach the diseased portion of theear. There is only one way to curecatarrhal deafness, and that is byconstitutional remedy. Catarrhaldeafness is caused by an inflamedcondition of the mucous lining ofthe eustachian tube. When thistube is inflamed you have a rumbling sound or imperfect hearing, andwhen it is entirely closed, deafnessis the result. Unless the inflammation can be reduced and this tubsrestored to its normal condition,hearing will be destroyed forever.Many cases of deafness are causedby catarrh, which is an inflamedcondition of the mucous surfaces.Hall's " Catarrh Medicine actsthrough the blood on the mucoussurfaces of the system.We will give One Hundred Dollars for any case of Catarrhal Deafness that cannot be cured by Hall'sCatarrh Medicine. Circulars free.All Druggists, 75c.F. J. CHENEY, & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Us i wi -Mr. Peavish says that he is willing for the women to wear overallsif'they want to, but over-all oughtto include the mouth.nj0rjzr tj)0r ivz r . ar i i- acm.-AS f . Mi zjmmmJr m mPTiMMUMmy:rmThe BourbonTobacco Warehouse Co.Holds the Worlds Record for a Tobacco CropHaving Sold for .Burroughs Bros., of Millersburg, 1810 Pounds of Tobacco,the Product of an Acre and a Quarter of Land, for 'i iSale of February 19th, 341,525- AVERAGE, $30.08Some Other Good Averages On ThisSale WereJones & Mason 1525 pounds, average ...... $44.43t Marshall & Moreland .'. 5565 pounds, average . . 43197Clay & Toohey r. . .2340 pounds, average 40.63J. H. Barnes '. 4050 pounds, average 40.97Shropshire & Tibbs 1 3390 pounds, average 40.27Grimes & Johnson ' 2305 pounds, average 42.05Thomas & Reed .4084 pounds, average 38.48H. L. Smith - 3505 pounds, average...-. .-."38.07'The Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Company Holds, Beside the1 Crop Record, theBoor bonTobacco Warehouse Co."VICTOTWtlD -SA1nss mi'!LIONS P0RAXERICA.Food Administrator Hoover's 'CVictory Bread" will result' in a greatersaving of essential foodstuffs byAmerica than has been accomplishedby any single conservation measureof any nation since the war began,it was announced following the receipt of assurances that the bakersof the country will obey to the letter new baking regulations soon tobe issued. 'Mr. Hoover will exert his everypower to keep the pound loaf ofVictory Bread at 8 or 9 cents onthe cash and carry agreement. TheL. & N. TIME TABLEEffectire, Sunday, June 17, 1917, 12:01 a. m.TRAINS FROM ARRIVAL"34 Atlanta, dally 5: 20 am.If Rowland, dally except Sunday ...,. ...7:if am17 MaysYille, daily, except Sunday. .. ..--i. ,.7jJI am"40 Lexington daily except Sunday. . ... ..". ... ? 7.4i amCincinnati, O., daily 10:05.anx12 Lexington, dally f.. 1007 am33 Chicago, daily 10:20 am9 MaysTille, Dally Except Sunday x.. .. v- 5:40 m138 Lexington, Daily ...'. 3.10 am.38 Knoxville, Tenn., Dally '. 3:15 m39 Cincinnati, Daily Except Sunday '.. 5:E0 am16 Lexington, Daily Except Sunday 6:30 pm32 Jacksonville, Pla., Dally , ,6:45 pm13t Lexington Daily . .7 1023 p m31 Cincinnati, O., Daily .. ." 10:30 pm210 Lexington, Sunday only '. 12:30 pm209 Maysville, Sunday only 5:40 pmr iTRAINS FOR LEAVJNa. " J w34 Cincinnati, daily v. ..2:25 am.40 Cincinnati, daily except Sunday 7:4S ant17 Lexington daily except Sunday;.... ...i .....7:47 am10 Maysville, daily except Sunday . " 7:4S am.13 Lexington, dally except Sunday 10:28 am87 Knoxville, dally ". .. .. . 10:35 am33 Jacksonville, dally 10:25 am129 Lexington, daily 3:25 pm38 Cincinnati, dally 3:25 pm39 Lexington, daily except Sunday.... 1 5:17 mn9 Rowland, Daily except Sunday ..:& pm16 Maysville, daily except Sunday 6:45 pn32 Chicago, dally 6:50 pm131 Lexington, Dally r-. 10:37 pm:31 Atlanta, Ga.f Dally 10:38 pm210' Maysville, Sunday only f 12:35 pm209 Lexington, Sunday only ' 4:47 pmNO. TRAINS ARRIVE FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday . v.... 7:38 a. m4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday.... 5:50 p. mTRAINS DEPART-FOR1 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 8:25 a. m.t Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sundar...... ....--..... f:25 p. m.(Incorporated)PARIS, KENTUCKYAn Average of $49.62Market Record for Paris and KentuckySold 4,351,295 pounds of tobacco for an average of $28.54.Was also above the average of any market in Kentucky.Xoo8a.Yias "to e effoctwl-by tktbakers alonewill fre:Sugar, 100,0TJ6,000 pounis.Lard, 100,000,000 pounds.Wheat, 36,000,000 bushels.Sweet milk, 125,000,000 pounds.The savimg to be made in rollsand cakes will be proportionately asgreat.i ''-INDIGESTION.""Take a few doses of ChamherIain's Tablets as directed for indigestion, and-you will soon forgetabout your stomach troubles. Tryit.(adv-feb)Poundssc.s-rtvAiI(Imoontiitti.)PARIS, KENTUCKY(Incorporated)J. T. COLLINS, Manager.X?- j7, P.vW. v..-- 1!HV?L IcJ'VNtsi "CtM - vx ' mts , mHI-v ;L- L -i : - v PMLg5jr Si, ,1ohSm.-.TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 191STHE BOURPON NEWS, PABK, Kt.2JS3emaj & jct4 "v"s5&timf,wiJkZf" Ty0tILUCKY STRIKECIGARETTEBourbon Tax Values Increase Nearly $2,000,000fi1X3n until this new smoke"was made you could neverhave a real Burley tobaccocigarette. It's the befct yetIT'S TOASTEDThe toasting brings out thedelicious flavor of that fineold Kentucky Burley. Younever tasted anything soagreeable think whatroasting does for peanuts.izJmJUPQnMCounty Clerk Eearce Paton Friday finished his work of recapitula- jtion of the Bourbpn County tax lists, and the totals show that the taxpayers in Bourbon County have increased the valuation on their property over last year -by $1,629,965. This year the tax lists show atotal valuation of all lands, town lots and personal property or$ 1 8,690,728 divided as follows : Value of farm land, $M 307,058 ;town lots, $3,058,201, and personal property valued at $4,225 ,469.1Last year the total valuation of all taxable property in Bourbon County was $17,060,763. Below is given a table in detailxof the assess-ments :x NumberNumber of acres of land in Countyl 181,558Number of town lots 3,153Number common geldings 1,058Number common maresNumber common colts 'Number common stallionsNumber pure bred stallions -Number pure bred geldingsNumber pure bred mares ANumber of pure bred colts7 Guaranteed byJhst JfiMJLvieGx MjSJm'n m OJAT,37229134111188'40Number of-mules . il,5513612718187930170irGEO. W. DAVfSrUINERAL .DIRECTOR 1Motor Equipment I'mBum rttuNU-UAT i; riiuni twCorner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, KTHE PASSING OE LANDRUM.The passing of Editor Louis Landrum, who died recently in Danville,brings sadness to the hearts of thonewspaper fraternity in Central TKentucky, for r no member of the Statepress was more popular. Mr. L&ndrum for eight years had been editor of the Danville Messenger, andprior to that time was for a number of years publisher and editorof the Lancaster Record. He was aformer president of the KentuckyPress Association. Mr. Landrumwas forty-seven years old and was asob. of General W. J. Landrum. Hewas a very capable newspaper man,nad was one of the brightest paragraphers on the Kentucky press. Hewas a genial, generous, loyal andlovable man, one who will be greatlymissed. He is survived by a devoteawife, who has the deep sympathy ofthe editors of the State in her bereavement. m bi mIt has just about got to in thiscountry that a successful man is considered to be one who can cope withhis grocery bill.You Don't Have to, StoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRangeA CHILD GETS CROSS,SICK AND FEVERISHWHEN CONSTIPATEDLook, Mother! If Tongue is CoatedClean Little liver andBowels. -If your little one's tongue is coated, it is a sure sign the stomachliver and bowels need a gentle, thorough cleansing at once. When yourchild is cross, peevish, listless, pale,doesn't sleep, eat or act naturally; ifbreath is bad, stomach sour, systemfull of cold, throat sore, or if feverish, give a teaspoonful of "California Syrup of Figs," and in a fewhours all the clogged-up, constipatedwaste, sour bile and undigested foodwill gently move out of the bowels,and you have a well playful child,again.Sick children needn't be coaxed totake this harmless 'fruit laxative."Millions of mothers keep it handybecause they know its action on thestomach, liver and bowels is promptand sure. They also know a littlagiven to-day saves a sick child tomorrow. Ask your'' druggist for a bottle or"California Syrup of Figs," v whichcontains directions for babies", children of all ages and for grown-upsplainly printed on the bottle. Beware of counterfeits spld here. Gerthe genuine made by "California FigSyrup Company." (adv)Number mule coltsNumber of jacksNumber of jennetsNumber of registered bullsRegistered cowsRegistered calvesCommon bulls -.Common cows 3,111Number common calves 1,900Number of steers 6,979Number of sheep 26,826Value Agricultural implementsAgricultural products in producers hand Sept. 1Agricultural products not in producers handsNumber of carriages 30Number of bicycles " 4Number of automobiles 489Number of motorcycles 1Number of motor trucks 9Number of sleighs 2Number of phaetons, buggies and runabouts 621Number of goats 7Number of hogs under 3 months old . 4,300Number of hogs over 3 months old i 13,330Total value of live stock t fNumber of chickens 46,456Number of turkeys 7,441Number of geese f 498Number of ducks t 1,631Number of guineas 522Total value of poultry yNumber of Motor ambulances and hearses 3Number other ambulances and hearses 3Number of dogs .303Total value of motor vehicles, carriages and' bicyclesValue of provisionsValue of furniture and fixtures in places other thanresidenceValue of musical instrumentsValue of paintings and picturesValueof libraries and booksValue of jewelryValue of household and kitchen furniture 'lValue of manufacturing implements and machinery. ,Value of material used in manufactureValue of articles in hands of manufactureValue of machinery and implements not used infarming or manufacturing t yValue gold, silver and plated ware rValue steam engines and boilersValue of boats -Value of mineral productsValue of mines, quarries, gas and salt wellsValue of building and other materialsValue of wines, whiskies, etc. ' 'J-Value of stores 1Value of blacksmith toolsValue of bees 1 ! .Number of polls sValue of miscellanyGrand total of reaP estate and tangible personalpropertyAmount of money on hand not on depositAmount of money on deposit, with person or personsor corporation, excepting banks and trustcompanies -Value of bonds subject to taxation 1Value unsecured notes and interest thereonValue of notes secured by mortgage or lien due in5 -yearsActual value of "shares of stock in corporation, etc.,in Kentucky, excepting building and loan associations, not paid by corporations tActual value of stock in foreign corporations, etcCash surrender value of insurance policiesActual value of accounts owing for legal servicesActual value of medical account -Actual value of accounts for money loanedActual value accounts for merchandise, etc 'Amount owing for wagesAmount owing on other open accountsAmount of money on deposit Postal Savings BankActual value of judgments, and allowances by anycourt, heldGrand total of all intangible personal propertyExemptionsGrand totalfor all property listed for taxationAfalue$11,407,0583,058,-20153,08070,7959,2252,3306,1003,40010,150.3,825136,87018,12512,3504251,2455,8051,1458,090135,46031,208358,000213,956113,30017,92022,829895. 35153,922753,55(T1516,6901012,191129,6701,214,72512,2793,897234440138. 16,993V 4,500300179,98211,97919,24235,1325,92915,84469,879236,10910,13021,92690,3006,99126,5443,30554,3082517,7353,053321,4472,5859191,931105,96517,040,35842MUWtimWmM)-A:NOW IS THE TIMETO FIGURE ONSpring PaintingANDv-1PaperingCALL US OVERHome Phone 399VKANE BROS.Vfc;The Right NumberWhen you go out to make a call in personlyou alwaysassure yourself of the right address.In making a telephone call it saves a lot of time andbother to be sure of the number.The absolutely sure way is to first consult the telephone directory not trusting to memory and thenlisten carefully when the operator repeats back to youthe number, correcting her if she is wrong.Paris Home Telephone &Telegraph Go.J. J. VEATCH,District Manager.(Incorporated)W. H. CASK),LMtlKutger.vSuil Crt-ff rv-.?6,50091,437517,692962,17631,06876,51529,56020019,7121004 162,4425807441001,31119,044254,04818,690,728BACKING UP PROOFCIGARETTE SMOKING ONCREASE IN PRANCE.IN-M A tlA beautiful lint or Garlands on dlplay. Coma In and look thorn wr.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(IaoorpomUd)France is sjnoking cigarettes inrecord number. "War nerves" havebrought about tremendous increasein the' country's tobacco consumption in fact, an increase of 50 percent since 1913, when 1,500,000kilos of tobacco went up in smoke.There has been a 30 per cent increase in cigarette smoking, the totalused in 1916 being 463,000,000 during the pre-war year.As a result the French governmenthas reserved for troops at the frontvast quantities of tobacco and cigarettes, diminishing the supply forcivilians. The period has fixed allotments to each city.m Ift leiGETTING RID OP COLDS.The easiest and quickest way toc-ftt rid of a cold is to take Chamberlain's Cough Remedy. Thi3preparation has been in use formany years and its value tunyproven. No matter what remedyjou use, however, care must betaken not to contract a second coldbefore you have recovered from thefirst one, ana mere is senuus uaueciof this. A, man of middle age orolder should go to bed and stay inbed until fully recovered. It isbetter to stay in bed three days atthe start than. three weeks later-on.(adv-leb)The Kind That Paris People CannotDeny.Many an earnest Paris man orwoman has"publicly endorsed Doan'oKidney Pills.Week after week, month aftermonth you've read their statementsWould these Paris people recommend any medicine if it were notgood!Would they confirm and repeattheir statements after years hadpassed?Local proof is good evidence.Testimony confirmed years afteris better evidence.The following Paris man's stat3ment leaves no room for doubt.It must convince every kidneysufferer who reads it.If your back aches if your kidneys are weak, profit by the experience of Geo. McCandles, Secondstreet. He says: "My kidneys 'wereinactive and I had backaches. Doan'sKidney Pills put a stop to all thetrouble and gave me complete relief." (Statement given January 17,1912.)NO TROUBLE SINCE.Over four yea'rs later, or on November 9, 1916, Mr. McCandles said"I haven't had any need of a kidneyremedy since I last endorsed Doan'sKidney Pills. I consider myself permanently cured." --Price, 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. McCandles had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)THIRD LIBERTY LOAN TO BE OP"TREMENDOUS SIZE."Because it is expected the thirdLiberty Loan will be of "tremendoussize," a proportionate effort is beingplanned to insure its overwhelmingsuccess, it was announced by thLiberty Loan Committee in NewYork, Saturday. -A feature of the coming drive for"Liberty dollars" will be one of themost intense i advertising campaignsin history, is was stated. This willeb imperative because of the greatvariety of demands upon public attention at this time, it was said.A special endeavor will be madeto have users of newspapers' andother variety of advertising whoassisted generously in the first andsecond Liberty Loan campaigns, contribute still greater allotments ofspace, the committee announced.twin Dm. Department store$Mb and main St$. Paris, KcfWe Invite YouOur idea of prejudice is when aperson imagines the basso, profundoIsn't good for anything.Professional Cards.WM. GRAIN IS AINAttorney-aMawv ROOMS 40M02-FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGex-To come in andamine our large stockofMillineryEtc.New Ones Arriving Daily!BUY A THRIFT STAMP!As a general things the bride wonders how she looks while the groomis wondering how it is all going toturn out.DR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, .Nose and Thfroat.ROOMS 403-404.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING.PHONE 131.The. Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.xWest 5 StreetSatisfactionWitchwordis OirWitfi all the latest improvements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we are preparedto do work inferior " tonobe, and solicit yourpatronage.Bourbon Laundry,Paris' Kontiioky.i .9w9999w99W999WWW9WWWWWWWWWWWWWWrwrwrrmFVII xi'Kv'v.s ,VSm4S ?'. ft.TM5&&$$'$ i.w'&-. - -cHV tifr-vfi t-. i- .Ajf17 "&$!&rX4.1"-Sc!Jt.wis?jraJ',pvwti'?J',-rs&3mitibfr4?tar& &izS&jJkant- j .. - .7 .. ,... ail f .' .i.yv ,. i .t ivsjr i, . .j -r - -k. "nrm.ii . ?' bur J ,r-js. jr"Mnkrt j jt-. y . .j7 Jre..- -. Xk, . k .. -r.' 4 -t-.jSB mM-mm.i-LESmk.icLmMxJ- Lja&riaxy .2AfH" . inri rm , x.j jtse-,vji j. 'j .. , . . - .. -&rfar.iV! . - r r?iv6j,-' wt i '-Hstyirrwmi fm&$&mrf 4i iaer s ?-,"yt- " ,' ' T-Z -F '- " . t. ?-a" i.hi k ii mm i ii, , 'lVTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY, FBBRUAHT H. IllrlflX EIGHTNVteMmimMHiiii um miHimn linn iiimiiiiidf THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMO-i!Tuesday, February 26th'UU4Wyjtfj,r f 'Mr '-' --3ST&4aI ff4?it3--1,-T- Ii The J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMERSParis Ky.MVtafn, and Sixth-StreetsDay phone 36INIeht : . . 56or Home 286Metor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to withLimousine Invalid Coach.our JHearse used for funeral purposes only.Vffl EbbbbbHVrr aBBBBHBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBHHBbbBPJBMBBBBbbbbbbbbbjtttilm 1 1 1 1 1 1 tH-H-l-I I4'HlH 1 1 1 1 1111 1 ll'HH'l"l'i4-- RELIGIOUS.- 'An all-day sewing will be heldto-day at the court house by theladies of the Pastor's Aid Society ofthe Presbyterian church. It is hoped all the members will be presentson this occasion.Bishop C. B. Woodlock, bishopft)f the Episcopal Diocese of Ken-tucky, will conduct Lenten servicesthis year in both Detroit and Phila' delphia. For the past several yearsBishop Woodcock has conducted services during Lent in New York.Jsephus Daniels, Secretary of"the Navy, has agreed to serve on a- committee of 100 distinguished layonen of the Methodist Church, South.' to determine the missionary budgetof the church for the next five years.s" The meeting of the committee willv take place at Memphis, Tenn., March19 to 21.The Executive Commission of- the Northern Presbyterian church,In session at Atlantic City, N. J., hai- sent out ot the churches of the denomination a special "Declaration AsTo the War Emergency." The com-mission ordered thatAiHopy of thedeclaration be sent to every pastor- of the denomination, and asked thatIt be read in every pulpit in the' l -the church. The declaration issigned by the Rev. Dr. J. Wilbir;hapman, moderator of the General.Assembly, and by many of the lead-X nng men of the Presbyterian church.1 1 TS'MATRIMONIAL.MARYPICKFORDtfBV''o BVJIN"The Little American"a' stirring photoplay of great patrioticappeal. Story by Cecil B. DeMille andJennie Macpherson. Presented by Artcraft Picture Corporation.Also 10th episode of "Vengeance andthe Woman" and Burton Holmes' Travelogues.Wednesday, February 27thThos. H. I nee PresentsCHARLES RAYINTHE SON OF HIS FATHER1From the famous novel by Ridgewell' Cullom.Victor Moore, in Klever KomedyandBray's PictographsThursday, February 28thLouis J. Sefznick PresentsConstance TalmadgeINiiSCANDAL"From the Novel by Cosmo Hamilton,strong picture.Also Animated Weekly NewsandHy. Mayer's Famous CartoonsPricesAt the Alamo Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 13c war tax 2c.At the Paris Grand Children 5c war tax lc; Adult 13c war tax 2c.Colored persons, Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 10c war tax lc.ducted by Rev. G. F. Cameron. Theburial followed on the family lot inthe Lexington Cemetery.Mr. Young is survived by his parents, Mr. and Mrs. S. N. Young, twobrothers and six sisters, one of thelatter, Mrs. Wallace Carter, residingin Paris.The pall-bearers were HoraceHoover, Claude McCauley, WilfredKelley, Harry Kenney, N. G. Sullivan and Horace Mulberry.REAL ESTATE DEALS AND LANDSALES.tlll'll' ITL t e ; msmmmmwMMMJAVAVAVAm?MmiiU UUUUI.U I XI. Ji.l.st XlUt IQllil, ,J XT J-1.Horace Purdy, of near Millersburg,for a term of years. This is thefarm which Mr. Whaley recentlypurchased from Mrs. Sidney Clay, ofLexington.LYNCH CAYWOOD.Miss Lillie Dell Lynch, of Ravenna, and Dr. Elmer C. Caywood.of near Paris, were married Saturdayat the home of the bride, in Ravenna,the Rev. C. E. Nail, pastor of therirst Baptist church at Irvine, officiating. After the ceremony, Dr. andMrs. Caywood left for a weddingtup to Louisville. They will resideat Ravenna.DEATHS. .iSTITH.The body of the infant child ofMr. and Mrs. Reese Stith, who diedat the home of its parents, near Mt.Carmel, was interred Friday in theRuddles Mills Cemetery.BIRTHS.-BASKET.The funeral of Mrs. ElizabethBaskett, who died at the home of herfather, Mr. John P. Conway, in Win-I Chester, Thursday, after a long illness, was held at the St. Joseph'sCatholic church, in that city, Fridaymorning at nine o'clock, with services conducted by Rev. FatherO'Brien. The body was brought toParis, for interment on the familylot in the Paris Catholic Cemetery.The pall-bearers wrere M. J. Toohey,Will George, James M. Court, DennisNunan, of Winchester, and Ed Gorej ,of Paris.YOUNG.To the wife of Mr. Wm. Work---man,near Little Rock, a daughter,theif third child. The mother wasformerly Ttfiss Lottie Hostetter, ofCarlisle.Funeral services for Mr. John F.Young, aged twenty-two, who diedat his home in Lexington, Fridaynight, were held at the residence at2:30 o'clock Sunday afternoon, con-Mr. Charles E. Montgomery, wnurecently purchased the farm of Mr.and Mrs. Ben Skillma-n, near NortnMiddletown, has taken possessionand has moved to the place to resideMr. Luther Ashcraft, of Paris, hassold his 350-acre farm in Nelsoncounty, for which he paid $65 peracre, not long ago, to a Shelbycounty man, for $75 per acre, being$3,000 to the good on the deal.Mr. Dee Dray, of this county, haapurchased of C. H. Galbraith a smallfarm located on the Peacock pike,near Paris, containing six acres, for$3,600. Mr. Dray will be givenpossession in March.Miss Imogene Redmon purchasedthe home of Mrs. John Tarr, at thecorner of Cypress and Boone streets,in this city, last week, at a price notmade public. The home will pass tothe possession of the purchaser, assoon as the occupants, Rev. B. F.Orr and family, find another location.Mr. Silas E. Bedford, of the Peoples-Deposit Bank & Trust Co., sold.his 277-acre farm, located on theFord's Mill pike, near Paris, lastweek, to Messrs. Henry S. Caywoodand James Gregory, of this county,for a total of $66,480. The farm Isin a high state of cultivation, andhas a nice brick residence, and allconvenient outbuildings, barns, etc.Shortly after the purchase Messrs.Caywood and Gregory re-sold thefarm to Mr. Clay Owens, of Clark'county, for an advance over the original sale figures of $5,50. Bothsales were negotiated by Mr. OssianEdwards, of the Bourbon Realty Co.Mr. Bedford and family will move toParis. Mr. Owens will move to thefarm sometime in March. 'Auctioneer M. F. Kenney sold Saturday at the court house door forthe Paris Realty Co., a part of theRoseberry Rogers farm, containing129 acres, located on the Cane Ridgepike, near Paris, to Frank Collins,for 177 per acre.Mr. Wm. H. Whaley rented hisA large crowd attended the saleon Saturday of the old Wm. Pettitfarm, of 343 acres, on the Richmondpike, near Lexington. The sale wasconducted by Harris & Speakes, orParis, Col. George D. Speakes actingas auctioneer. The farm was sold inthree tracts, Mr. Chas. Winn, of Versailles, purchasing tract No. 1, containing the residence, at $237.50 peracre,vtract No. 2 containing 119 acresselling to Dr. Samuel H. Halleyv ofthe Fayette Tobacco Warehouse Co.,for $225 per acre, and the third, containing 43 acres, going to Hall Bros.,of Fayette county, for $200 per aero.One of the biggest land sales thathas taken place in this section formany years was consummated Saturday, when a syndicate composed otJames C. Stone, of Lexington, andJohn L. Buckley and Clyde Buckley,of near Centerville, this county, soldthe Wk D. Watts place, near Lexington, containing something over onethousand acres, for a total' of $210,9 18.50, or an average of nearly-$200per acre. The sale was conductedby Auctioneer Boliver Bond. Theland was divided into four tracts. Itwas reported In Lexington yesterdaythat the owners had realized a profitof $50,000 on the sale of the land,but this could not be confirmed.IKv3J3$sS311113use.jor JtashionableCorrespondenceYour friends judge you by the style of stationeryLet it beYour letter is a personal envy.cording to fashion's latest dictates.If you like distinctive styles in stationery, be suresee our9few SispringIt includes all the latest conceits in shapertexture.Come in and see the line while it is complete,attractive numbers in our window show only a smallof the extensive line we now have in stock.TELEPHONE YOUR DRUG NEEDSBOTH PHONES 50ARDERY DRUG COMPANY410 MAINJSTREET PARIS, KENTUCKYt wmyou Edressed ac- Eto I1tint and siiThe!part pIStationerySend That Next Job of Printing to TheBourbon News. Best Work; Right Prices.&$.'.M'4THE STORE...T H A T...SAVES YOU MONEYWe handle John Deere Farm Machinery. Lookit over and we think you will see that it is thebest made. Buggies, Wagons, all kinds of Hardware, Paints, Varnish, White Lead and LinseedOil. We save you 5 to 25 per cent.We have a contract by which we can save you from 10 to 30c per gallonon your oil. Come in and look over our stock. Try our auto oil at 50c gallonin five gal. lots. Collar pads at 40c. Points for Oliver and Vulcan Plows, 65c.Compare our prices with others and you will be our customer.LARGEST STOCK OF HARNESS Kkyat prices that will save you 15 to 25 per cent. Look over our line of Hardware, Tires, Inner Tubes, Spark Plugs, Pumps, Spot Lights, Hard Grease andmost anything for your auto.Farmers' Supply Co.FINALNEXT DOOR TO OPERA HOUSEPARIS KENTUCKYClearance Sale!ALL WINTER SHOES MUST GOIn spite of the high prices prevailing in shoedom, we are compelled to make iGENERAL CLEARANCE AND TURN INTO CASH the balance of ourHIGH GRADEMen's, Women's and Children'sWINTER FOOTWEAR!Just a Few of the Many Extraordinary Bargains That AwaitYou Here:Ladies' Tan Louis Heel Boots. $6.00 values atLadies' Havana Brown Tan English fr mq$5.00 values at O.VLadies' Black Kid and Grey ClothTop Boots 15.00 values atLadies' Gun Metal Button o 4A$3. 00 values at V wLadies' Gun Metal Bootsat v.Ladies' Assorted Small Size dj nnShoes $4.00 values at yl.vv$3.95$3.49$2.99Men's Patent English Nettleton andother makes, $7.00 valuesMen's Tan English Shoes$5.00 values atMen's Russ. Tan English. Beacon$5.50 values atMen's Gun Metal Button Walk-Over,small sizes, at .'.Men's Gun Metal Button$3.50 values atMen's Gun Metal Lace$2.75 values at$3.95$3.49$4.00$3.50$2.49$1.99Boys', Misses' and Children's Shoes at Great Bargain Prices.WHILE IT LASTSLot of Men's Rubbers at 79c Lot of Ladies' Rubbers at 59cDAN COHENWhere Beauty and Economy Reign HParis' Greatest Shoe StoreV4$..w'A -