V:ia.n v ju. ,s. reVl' 'fHNEWSPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.i'VOLUMEJXXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JULY 19, 1918THE BOURBON'" jb2 per&ALTJES CRUSH HUNS IN STUNNING VICTORY.July 18.(Special to BOURBON NEWS.)American and French troops advance for miles in victory.IT. S. troops "go over the top"with French troops, captured guns,machine guns, prisoners, equipment-and material in terrific onslaught.2:00 p. m., July 18. The entireoffensive operation began this a. m.on the front and is going on.tit this hour and even better successthan had been expected. Enemy sofar unable to withstand the shock.As the whole German life is menacedthe enemy must withdraw or risk being caught where they are.Towns of Torsy and Givery Woodwere taken by the Americans in theiradvance.American troops have taken offensive with great gallantry American'troops participating both as complete divisions and separate units.First objectives seem everywhere tohave been attained. Many prisonerstaken.VIOLATORS OF LICIUOR LAWS ARRESTED AND ITNED.The first instance of a violation ofthe recent, anti-liquor laws that hasreached the local courts came upTuesday, when . two colored men,George "Taters" Williams and JoeDowns, of Paris, and Will Carson, of"North Middletown, were brought before County Judge Geo. Battertonfor a hearing.The men were placed under arresthy Patrolman Geo. W. Judy, as theyalighted at Fourteenth street fromthe-2: 15 interurban car from Lexington. Each man had a number ofpackages of suspicious bulkiness andhearing a general resemblance tothose formerly brought from Lexington by the thirsty ones. The officercompelled the men to re-enter thecar and brought them to the terajnaHStation at riiLU. aim xiigu ovfouvo,where their packages were inspected.Williams had a box containing.twelve half-pints, two quarts, and agallon glass jug of beer. Carson'sload consisted of five half-pints hid-jj,en under his clothes. Downs carrl--ed a quart in the outside. pocket, ofTiis coat. When presented in courtDqwns pleaded ignorance of wrongdoing. County Attorney D. D. Clinequoted court decisions in severalcases, pro and con, and especiallythat of the Court of Appeals, to the-effect that a man could bring liquorinto local option territory for hispersonal use. Judge Batterton im.posed a fine of $50 and imprisonmentof twenty-five days at hard labor onWilliams, and gave Carson a fine of$50 and ten days in jail. Carson being subject to the draft call, will bereleased by the court.After County Attorney Cline hadsubmitted authorities and decisions"bearing on the "personal use" phaseof the question, and the sentenceshad been ijmposed on the prisoners,Judge Batterton took the cases under further consideration, for a finaldecision as to their legal aspects.Late Wednesday afternoon JudgeBatterton, after reviewing the casesin all their phases and studying theauthorities and other decisions inlike cases, gave itas his opinion thatthe part of the anti-shipping law sofar as a man bringing liquor for hispersonal use, was unconstitutionaland void. The anti-shipping feature,he held as being binding and in fullforce and effect. In his opinion aman could not bring in liquor for another, but .he could do so for his personal use, under the rights and liberties guaranteed by the Constitutionof the United States. The opinionwas given in the case of JosephDowns, of Brentsville, who broughtone quart of whiskey to Paris fromLexington, for his personal use.Downs carried the package in his outSide pocket, unwrapped, and not inthe nature of a "concealed deadlyweapon." Judge Batterton's decision is in line with many other similar ones where the "personal use"issue has been raised.TO THE PUBLIC.I wish to call your attention tothe ordinance published in this issueof THE NEWS, showing a comparison as to the past in the contractwith the Paris Gas & Electric Co.,for lighting the streets,- which expired March .1, 1918.Thirty-nine 40 0C P lamps, $70.00per year each; 221 80 C. P. lamps,$22.50 per year each. They increased February 28, 1918, for a newcontract as follows: 39 400 C. P.lamps, $75.00; 221 80 C. P. lamps,$25.50. The ordinance figures 400C. P. lamps $38.37 each, and 80 C.P. lamps at $12.82 each. For consumers, old -contract, as follows: 1st25 Kilowatts, 12; next 50, 11; next100, 10; next 100, 9; next 100, 8;next 100, 7; -ext 100, 6, next 100.,5;' less 1 ct. per KWH. Comparethis with the ordinance.Regarding the gas rates until wehave made further investigations .-asto reasonableness of present prices,we will not change prices at present,but we 'will' require them to give yougas at the proper 'pressure, whichthey failed to do in the past. If theydo ot:give you the required, pressureWwill'feach'the.m by our 'dviivact.'Yours Itespeetfullyv; ''E. B JANUARY, Mayor..COLORED DRAFTEES LEAVE EORCAMP ZACHARY TAYLOR.Seventy-five colored (men, regularlyselected in the draft call from Bourbon county, and three alternates, foremergency, seventy-nine in all, reported to the Bourbon County Boardof Exemption at the court house- inthis city yesterday afternoon for finalinstructions. They were addressed bythe Chairman of the Board, Judge C.A. McMillan, and, after being giventheir final instructions, listened to apatriotic address by David Miller. JLast night the men were the guestsof the people of Paris at a banquetgiven at the colored A. M. E. .church,,where a patriotic program was rendered, and the men made to feel thatthey were the wards of a gratefulcountry, who appreicated the sacri- Inuea tuny were maning. Tne menwere placed under the care of JohnR Ross, one of their number, whohad been designated as Captain.At 7:15 this morning the delegation assembled in front of the court-house, and headed by the LibertyDrum and Bugle Corps, marched tothe Tenth street station of the Louisville and Nashville; where they entrained for Camp Zachary Taylor, toenter the services of the UnitedStates. They were liberally suppliedwith cigarettes, cigars and tobacco,from the fund for that purpose.Those who left this morning were:John R. Ross, Captain.William Small.Sherman Lewis.Ben Jackson.John Williams.John Jackson.Cornelius McKane.Felix Hickman.Strother Gaines.Herbert "MarksJess Guess.Harry Thomas.William Washington.Henry Gaines.Howard Cornelison.Jim -Thornton.George Henry Brown.Thos. Nichols.Dudley Davis.Chas. Johnson.Will Cross.r Nekon Patterson.- Earl Brown.Frank Dumphard. .Geo. Henry Franklin.Walter Veach..Heywood Bishop.Raymond Carter.Palmer Brown.Henry Henderson?Harry Barton.sMm. Warrenr - i --Elijah Richardson.Henry Patterson.Henry Robinson.Howard Mines.Bennie Harrison Williams.Joe Bird.Stephen Darty Chinn.Albert CroucEuWm. Anderson.Jesse Howe.Andrew Mitchell.George Washington.Joe Reed.Arthur Chinn.Harvey Nichols.Lewis Hawkins.John Garrett.Oliver Benj. Kellis.Clay Brown.Will Hughes.Archie Carlisle.Robert Green.Walter Brown.Henry Scott.Lee Nelson.Elmer Hall.Frank Willis.James Walker Mack.Ben Leer, Jr. .Fisher Williams.Lucien Mack.Offutt Lewis.Joe Henry Johnson.Wm. Sadler.Walter Trotter.Raven Strawther.Howard Gibbs.Wm. Samuel Johnson.Charles Baker.Richard Williams.Henry French.Leonard Terry.Harrison Parker.Horace Redmon.Eugene Butler.is fe raLOCAL MAN WINS EACE E0R INSURANCE HONORS.In the race for Marathon honorsinaugurated some time ago by theNorthwestern Mutual Life InsuranceCompany, of Milwaukee, Wis., Mr.R. F. Ciendenin, of Paris, broke allrecords for his company in the United States, when he was declared thewinner, at a meeting of the agentsand managers, held in Milwaukee.Mr. Clendenin's record for the twelvemonths ending June 30, 1918, wasas follows:Number of lives insured, 207;paid business, $456,780. His closestcompetitor had insured 163 lives.At the meeting at which theawards were made Mr. Ciendenin delivered an address to the memberson the subject of "Insuring Farmers'Lives."Ss; Pa E3paris attorney allowed bigclaim: for services.At Frankfort yesterday CircuitJudge Robert L. Stout handed downa decision allowing a claim of $15,000 to Attorney John J. Williams, ofParis, and Judge John M. Lansingr of;Neport, for services rendered todate as attorneys for tne ytate nanKIng Commission vs; The George Alexander ft-Co: State Bank, of Paris.To jdate-the Alexander Bank has paid.82 y peri, cent.,1 and. other suits areit3till pending: " vCITY. COUNCIL MEETS IN AD-JOURNED SESSION.Representatives of the" City Counen and the Paris Gas & Electric CotnllnA 4. lJ i i Ii-tincu. iu itsauu an agreement atconference held Tuesday afternoon ithe private office of Mayor Januar;iu me r trsi in aiionai isanK duiioiiiand further consideration of tpoints af issue between the city anthe lighting ; company remains ucertain.City Attorney 'Denis Dundon represented the city, and -was assistedby Consulting Engineer W. H. Weiss,of Kansas City, Mo. .The -Paris Gas& Electric Co. was represented by itsvice-president, Mr. J. W. Porter, cfSt. Louis, and Mr. Wade H. Whitley,of Paris. JThe Citv Council met. in adlournedsession at eight o'clock on Tuesdajyevening, and without further delayproceeded with the passage of certainordinances providing certain rulqsand regulations and fixing certainprices, rates, tolls and f charges bywhich the Paris Gas & Electric Cot,or any other company, individual drcorporation may do business in thiscity. When the ordinances, wereconsidered and passed there wererepresentatives of the light compapresent.Under the new ordinances the ciwill save about $3,500 annnally, wia large annual saving to Individualconsumers. In all probability ttiepassage or tne ordinances will leaq fomunicipal ownership of anelectricngniing piant ror tne city ana oy tnecity, or the institution of a suit inthe courts to restrain the action btthe city until the courts can determine the merits of the controversy.A resolution was adopted authorizing an issue of $10,000 in bonds forthe construction of the new seWerfrom Stoner avenue to South Mainstreet, and another providing for thesale of the bonds. ' These ordinancesand resolutions are printed in full qnpage four of this issue of THT3NEWS. Read them. " fA motion made by CouncilmanArkle providing for a license of $l5lper year on all boarding houses Jnthe city of Paris was lost by a voteof 4 to 2. A resolution was' adoptedinstructing the City Clerk to notifythe Chief of Police to rigidly enforcethe ordinance imposing a dog tax andlicense, and to take up and impoundeach and every dog found on the!streets of the city or elsewhere without the required license tag'.Councilman Merringer in a fewconcise and well-chosen remarks, addressed the Council on the subjetftN&fthe menace to the public healSbythe water supply being furnished tothe citizens of the city by the ParisWater Co. Mr. Merringer stated,cil that as long as consumers usedwater so liberally the city would bewithout an adequate pressure. Heurged the city to appropriate fundsor to raise the (money in some way,directly or indirectly, and build amodern dam across Stoner creek, nearthe railroad bridge on the Maysville1 WE KNOW HOW !Palm Beach andKool Rloth Suits IFor Summer Wear, the Real,Genuine Palm Beach ClothThe kind that is cool and serviceable and comfortable, notthe cotton shoddy kind that draws up and wears out beforethe season is over. We sell only one kind, and that is thebest. All colors, solid and fancy mixtures.$13.50 to $20.00Kool KlothA light summer cloth with a little more weight than PalmBeach garments, but very serviceable and comfortable.$12.50 to $25.00Manhattan and Wilson Bros'. SilkShirts, $5.00 to $10.00Many fancy and stylish patterns, solid colors and fancy.' stripes.Straw Hats anil PanamasmiMITCHELL & BLAKEMORENettleton Shoes 'Dr. Reed' Ciwhion Sole ShctxsINFOR THE FATHERLESS CHILDRENOF FRANCE.One fine thing about, setting agood example is that it alwaysarouses a desire in others to go anddo likewise. Just look below andsee what one good Clark countv wo-;man did' all because she got iriter -ested in the French babies. 'About ten days ago, Mrs. A. B.Hancock talked to Mrs. Nelson Gay,of Winchester, with the result thatMrs. Gay adopted five orphans. Nowshe is sending in the following listof names, with . the accompanyingchecks, requesting that these generous Clark county people be includedin the Bourbon County Chapter ofthe Fatherless Children of France:vMr. D. T. Hatlack.Mr. David S. Gay.Mr. L. B. Cockrell.Mr. W. W. Gay.Mrs. N. P. VanMeter.Others from Bourbon who haveenrolled since the last issue are:Mrs. Dan Peed.Miss Virginia Wetherall.Mrs. Florence Lockhart Clay.Mrs. Clarence Kenney.There are lost of vacant pages inthe ledger, and thousands of fatherless children yet to be provided for."If you can spare $36.50 this year, willyou not allow a little child to staywith its mother?fe f feJ MAIL INSURANCE,Insure your tobaccoagainst hail, represent reliable, promptpaying companies.ROXIE DAVIS.(june4-tf)GOVERNMENT CALLS FOR MOREWALNUT LOGS.More walnut wood is needed forerun stocks, and airplane propellers,and the Bureau of Aircraft Production has called upon all persons whohave any of this wood growing orcut to sell it to the1 sawmills holding government contracts.In this issue of THE NEWS appears an advertisement from theWood Mosaic Co., at Lexington, seeking walnut timber for governmentpurposes, as outlined above. Anyonein the county having walnut timberto sell should communicate with thisfirm at 'the address given in 4the"reader."Wd" Paris branc of the Louisvnie&Nasnvilie, near tue raua xo A.nfacturing Co.'s plant. Mr. Merringer sspeech was well received, but theCouncil took no official action on it,Mr. Merringer giving it as a suggestion for future action. On motion acommittee with power to act for thepurpose of ascertaining the legalrights of the Paris Milling Co., in regard to water supply and the use ofthe dam at this point, was appointed..IIII. IN THE SERVICE OF THEIRCOUNTRY."j' Mlss Frances Hancock received aI letter from Miss Ruby Mangum, ofJ nenaerson, tormerly of Paris, inwhich the writer stated that she hadvolunteered for duty overseas asnurse in the Red Cross work for thesoldiers, and expected to he inFrance before the coming of fall.Lieut. Catesby Spears, who is stationed at Ft. Sill, Oklahoma, in theU. S. aipny service, arrived in Paris,Wednesday, on a furlough, to visitrelatives and friends, and to attendto important business matters for E.F. Spears & Sons, of which he is amember.Information was received hereWednesday by relatives to the effectthat Lawrence James and Earl Curtis, of Paris, who have been stationed for the past two years In armycamps in Texas, were recently transferred to an embarkation port in theEast, where they will become members of an American ExpeditionaryForce to operate in France.Mr. Kenney Kiser, of Paris, whohas been stationed at Detroit, Mich.,in the naval service, is here on aten-days' furlough to visit his parents, Mr. and Mrs. Walker Kiser.inear Paris. Youne: Kiser has beenengaged in radio construction workon the new ships being built on thewaterfront at Detroit. Kiser is asplendid specimen of Americanyouth, weighing 210 pounds, andbeing over six feet in height.9Mrs. Harriet Minaker, visitingNurse for the Bourbon County Healthand Welfare League, received a letterthis week from her brother, Mr. Rodney Pringle, detailing camp life atuamp 'unston, in. Kansas, where hehas been stationed for some time. Mr.Pringle is a member of Co. K., 41stInfantry. He says the life is to hisliking with the exception of the dustand sand, which is go 'dense at tim?3as to totally obscure everything.? 'Lieut. Rogers T. ("Podge") Moore,formerly of Paris, was in Lexington,Wednesday, enroute to the TJ. S.army rifle range at Camp Perry, rifearToledo, Ohio. Lieut. Moore has beenstationed, at a cavalry trainingschool in Texas since being Temovedfrom Hattiesburg Miss. He leftLexington yesterday morning forCamp Perry to take up his new duties. Mr. Jesse Lovely, of Lexington,son of Mrs. Jack Lovely, formerly ofParis, has arrived safely in France,according to advices received by -relativesin Lexington and Paris. Mr.Lovely was a private in the SanitaryCompany, 115th Field Artillery, andhad been in Ireland several weeksbefore being sent to the battle front.Before enlisting in the service hewas engaged in the drug business inLexington.Mrs. Bernard Santen was calledto Camp Zachary Taylor, Tuesday, bya long distance message from herhusband, telling her he would betransferred that day to another camp.Mrs. Santen motored to the campTuesday, remaining until yesterdayafternoon. Mr. Santen, who has beenbookkeeper in the regijmental officeat Camp Taylor, has been transferredto Camp Beauregard, near New Orleans, where he has been assigned tospecial duty as bookkeeper at thecamp.Mrs. J. A. Gilkey, of Paris, received a package from her son, Jas.Everman, (mailed from " somewhereoverseas. The package contained alate copy of the London IllustratedNews, and two large photographs,one showing the U. S. battleship"Texas" rolling through a bigstorm, the other showing the sameship peacefully riding at anchor inan Atlantic port. There was nopostmark to indicate where the package was mailed from, but it boreforeign postage stmaps.Through the long morning andafternoon hours Wednesday scores ofyoung women, anxious mothers, sisters and sweethearts waited patientlyat the Tenth street passenger stationof the L. & N. A rumor to the effectthat the Bourbon county boys whowent to Ft. Thomas, Monday, wouldpass through Paris en route to aSouthern cantonment, caused theanxious ones to gather at the station.Some even waited until late in thenight, but if the train came throughit was later in the night. The disappointed watchers left the stationhoping to hear further news, butnone came to cheer them.CANNING DEMONSTRATIONS.Mrs. Martha M. Golsan, BourbonCounty Home Demonstrator, gave ademonstration in the canning ofbeans at the school house near Clay'sCross Roads, at 2:30 o'clock, Wednesday afternoon. Yesterday afternoonat 2:30 o'clock Mrs. Golsan gave ademonstration in the canning ofpeaches at the home of Mr. and Mrs.James H. Thompson, near Paris. At2:30 o'clock this afternoon she willgive a practical demonstration inmaking cottage cheese t the homeof Mrs. Tate, near Ruddles Mills.Mrs. Golsan Is doing a good workin instructing housewives in methodof canning as a "means of stopping,.w&stji of -food products sum! jn'.tfctconservation oC foos a way ofhelping to win th "waxr- " ;'ROOSEVELT'S YOUNGEST SOI'KTT.T.ED IN AIR BATTLE.Lieut. Quentin Roosevelt, youngest son of the former America President, has been killed in an air fight,the semi-official Havas News Agencyannounces. His machine fell Intn ttmenemy lines. jLieut. Roosevelt was last seen incombat on Sunday morning .with twoenemy airplanes about ten miles inside the German lines in the ChateauThierry sector. He started out witha patrol of thirteen American machines. They encountered, severalGermans and were chasing them,back, when two of them turned onLieut. Roosevelt.Reports of the fight state thatthe Germans appeared to be shooting at the Lieutenant from the rearthe three machanes being close together. Then one of the machinewas seen tumbling through theclouds, and a patrol which went insearch of Lieut. Roosevelt returnedwithout trace of him. He appearedto be fighting up to the last moment.One account of the combat statesthat the machine caught fire before itbegan to fall.Philip Roosevelt, Quentin's cousin,witnessed the air battle in the vicinity of Chateau Thierrv In -wTitMQuentin was engaged and saw themachine fall, but did not know until later that the airplane was thatof his cousin, Le Journal says.BUY COAL NOW; THE FUEL ABMINISTBAT0R ADVISES IT.It is going to be hard to get coallater on. It may be another severewinter. The heating propositionmay become serious. Buy our coalnow and prepare for an emergency.While we do not anticipate a shortage of gas, we we cannot tell whatmight happen on account of the uncertainty of the existing conditionsIf will be our aim to give all ourcustomers all the natural gas that isavailable which will no doubt fillthe wants under the ordinary circumstances, but it is urged that .everyone who can to supply themselveswith coal while it Js available, so asto be prepared for emergencies. Anyhow, the Government is asking thatyou buy coal NOW instead of waitinguntil later.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.,(IncorporatedA MYSTERIOUS HAPPEHINg ,Wednesday nighty William Burns, son 6t Mr. E. J. Bufris; oTCyreestreet, was going home from the Y.M. C. A., he noticed two men standing m tne snadow of a tree near hishome. The men were engaged inearnest conversation, and both' woremasks. The men evidently did notrsee young Harris as he passed closedto them. They kept up their conversation, the trend of which was thatif they couldn't get in somewherewith the right key, they Tknewwhere to find a key that would "fit thelock, and that they could get in anyway. The talk aroused young Burrissuspicions, and he determined to follow them and see what they wereup to. He followed them some distance and saw them get into a ma- "chine which had been left standingon the side of the street and slowlydrive away. In the light afforded byan arc light Burris cauerht th thit"ber of the car and followed it aroundUntil it nrminJ .. T .- .k .tuuuu up uu x-arns avenue,where the men, still wearing" theirmasks, got out -and went around tothe rear of the house. "Then he sawno more of them. ,Burris informed the police of the-"occurrence, giving the number of thecar, a Franklin machine, hearing th&license tag 356. The authorities atFrankfort were communicated' with,and told of the circumstances. Theygave the reply that the car belongedto a Danville man. Inquiry of theDanville police developed the factthat the car belonged to a restaurant (man there. The men' and thecar have both disappeared, leaving-mc .mjrotci.y ui me masKeamen anathe car, which they had evidentlystolen, unsolved."MISCELLANEOUS SHOWER TEA."The ladies of the Presbyterianchurch gave a "Miscellaneous ShowerTea" Thursday af tern6on at 5 o'clockin honor of Miss Elizabeth Brown,bride-elect of their pastor, Mr. J. J.Rice.The Sunday school room was decorated artistically for the occasionwith the season's flowers, and thetea table was a "thing of beauty,"the color scheme being pink andwhite.After the guests arrived a bridalprocession of lovely young girls -enteredthe room and met two maidsof honor, escorted the bride-to-be toher seat, a chair beautifully decorated, after which the gifts, which.were numerous and most attractiveand useful were unwrapped"and theaccompanying verses read aad enjoyed. Delicious refreshments of m.and sandwiches wereithen serves'.J. he occasion was a beautiful, compliment to the bride-to-be, who is amost valued (member of the 'Presbyterian church, and loved'by'alL Itwill long be remembered by thoee"present for the good fellowship enjoyed ana tne cordiality showa.mhHNEW ELORISTAfcElTT. -Order your cut . flowers fropn hcWe can furnish oa short aotiM tbbest to-be;hd., Fu'"issiTfccorsage bouquets; wMfcaLg-aa. pjvtr dsosratioBs, rtc. W .arr aWtafor. Haokr, tk lorlst-tbs fesst itfcs Stats.; "(Ijulyltf) BRUOHOLLADA.Y.iifl;i1-;.Ii tVTAGITWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.rm&A.?, Taut u, $u.Ml BOURBON NEWSHEiMbHshed 188136 Tears of Continuous PublicationBablished Every Tuesday and 3?ridayffer Year.. $2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Adavance.WIFT CHAMP, Editor and Ownr.Any erroneous reflection upon the-ikraoter, standing or reputation of9MT person, trm or corporation whichay appear in the columns of THBOURBON NEWS will be gladly cortftei. if brought to attention of the-tttorADVERTISING RATESigplay Advertisements, $1.00 permcfo. for first time; 60 cents per inchach subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per line4ch issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.' 'Cards of thanks, calls on candi-Ytetes, obituaries and resolutions, and'infl&r matter, 10 cents per line."Special rates, for large advertiseseats and yearly contracts.'The right of publisher is reservedttvecline any advertisement or othertttter for publication.'Announcements for political offices!& invariably be accompanied byf&e cash.? - This paper has enlisted"jtvith the government in thecause of America for the-period of the warEDITOEIAL MUSINGS.)' As To The Tightwad.""Our readers will pardon us if wegive our opinion of the stingy man.We are glad that Paris has only afew of the kind, but they can befound in all towns. If there is anything on earth that gives us a long-ing for eternal rest and deep, damp- solitude it is for a man to come to' town or a county, build up a big paying business, grow rich, then squat3owa on the gold like an old hen on-3, 3mnch of eggs. He is too stingyven to let the gravel grind in hisown gizzard.A real, genuine, eighteen-carat,stingy, selfish man must have a hard. -time trying to be honest, and if heVT gets to Heaven and has wings,iio'wwai fold them up and walk aroundSoftesr 3ie will ruffle one of theplumes or lose a tail feather. The-ftrind of men who build up a town andtaoanty :&nd enjoy life and make theTjest citizens, are the enterprising,--energetic and liberal men, who believe in living and in letting others.Jive. They do not when they get a3ollar squeeze it until the Goddess ofLiberty feels as if she had on a corvset Such squeezing is what causesliard times- and. stops the circulation.'Cfftfee American eagle. If it were notV- or,otfr-i'oad-guaged, enterprisingip-2nen it would be impossible to buildtrp -prosperous 'city.f ' ISP'rTalring The Joy Out of life.An unpleasant mid-summer re;miiider of the cold days to come is-sEhe warning of the Fuel Administrator that a plan for the rationing of'-&&! to householders in under con-deration. Under this plan each- -domestic consumer will be allotted acertain amount of coal, in accord-.-Aiet-with his necessities, but basedstrictly on scientific conclusions aso the amount absolutely necessary,- rtthout, avoidable waste, to maintainJieat at sixty-eight" degrees.The roal wasters and the familieswho Insist on running the temperature of their living rooms up to' eighty degrees or higher, will come"out at "the little end of the horn"toward the latter part of the winter,if it is as severe as last winter. Ittherefore behooves every householdmsing coal as a fuel to get the stovesand furnaces in shape to burn, not- waatej'fuel, and to make up his mind-to-the strictest economy, if he is toset 'through the winter without serijous" differences with the coal dictator.Speaking of Nerves."Ja Von Bernhardt some yearscgO, in his work entitled "GermanynL The Next War," predicted thatthe Kaiser would win because theCermans had stronger nerves than"th Allies. But the nerves of menprow weak when their food supplies-art lessened. A dinnerless and sup--prleepan loses the "sand in his"-crawl and the food riots in Germanyart said to be growing in size everyday."It may be truthfully said ttiat labor,-tn Germany and Austria has growneick of the war, while in the Alliedcountries, as in the United States, it,& .growing more anil 'more whole-hearted and is demanding that thefighting shall continueuntil completevictory! over the Kaiser shall be obtained. And recent victories of theAUjes, especially the wonderfulstand made by the Americans in thenew German drive, have let the Germens know what "our boys" are overthere for.Pride or Caution.Was it because you feared youmight get hurt or because you wanted by-standers to smile approval atyour wise caution that you shookyour head, turned around and returned to the street corner insteadof trying to cross he street in frontof one of those fast-approaching automobiles? Whatever your (motive may havebeen you probably saved your life byyour action. There are times in lifewhen it is better to act with commonsense than to stop to analyze motives.Automobiles on Main street in thiscity have a contrary habit of comingright on no matter if it is knownthat you want to cross to the otherside of the street. Stop, look, listensafety first!Has Anybody Seen Bryan?An erstwhile popular song askedin its refrain, "Has Anybody SeenKelley?" It might now with propriety be revived, with the query, "HasAnbody Here Seen Bryan?" We donot remember to have seen his namein the public prints for a coon's age,and even the Chautauquas have ceased to exploit him.A pacifist seems without honor inany country and Mr. Bryan havingbeen tried at a critical time andfound wanting there is no more helpin him. The man who was once thepride of millions of Democrats seemsto have been dropped from memoryto work out his future in sackclothand ashes. As a general thing apacifist won't do to trust, no matterhow much he protests his loyalty.The Hooverized Home.Here's a practical view of a typical Hooverized home in Paris, astold in verse to THE NEWS by alady:"We're eating rye bread at our house,With cornbread on the side;We've cornjmeal mush at breakfasttime,At noon we have it fried.We eat no wheat, we eat no meat,And soon we'll form the habitOf eating carrots every dayJust like a little rabbit!"Ba ra isiBRITISH AIRMEN BRING DOWN3,856 HUN PLANES.LONDON, July 18. In one yearon the British western front theRoyal Air Force has accounted for3,238 enemy airplanes. In the sameperiod the naval airmen shot down623, a total of 3,856. An officialstatement dealing with these operations says:"The Royal Air Force during theyear beginning July 1, 1917, on theBritish western front destroyed2,150 hostile machines and drovedown out of control 1,083. In thesame-period the air force units working in conjunction with the navyshot down 623 hostile machines."During this period 1,094 of ourmachines were missing; ninety-twoof these were working with the navy."On the Italian front from Aprilto June, 1918, the British destroyed165 hostile machines and drove downsix out of control. Thirteen of ourswere missing."On the Saloniki front betweenJanuary and June twenty-one hostilemachines were destroyed and thirteen were driven down out of control.Four of ours were lost."From March to June in Egyptand Palestine twenty-one hostile airplanes were destroyed and fifteenwere driven down out of control.Ten of ours were missing."In all the theaters of the warthe British air superiority andstrength progressed rapidly and continuously. From this it is safe toassume. that when the new factor ofAmerica's output, both aircraft andpersonnel, enters the situation in thefighting zones, the aerial ascendencyof the Allies should give them verygreat advantages."FORTY THOUSAND MEN NEEDEDFOR NAVY.Forty thousand more men areneeded at once for the navy, according to the United States Navy Recruiting Station, 412 South Fourthstreet, Louisville. The Naval Appropriation bill just passed- by Congressmakes provision for this increase.Kentucky has been asked to furnish2,000 of this number, and it is expected that this quota will be raisedduring the month of July. Nearlyall ratings in the navy are now openfor enlistment with excellent opportunities for both skilled and unskilled men."Furloughs to help with the cropsare being granted, boys at the NavalTraining Station at Great Lakes,"said Lieut. J. H. Teach, recruitingofficer for Kentucky. "This shouldprove to be of help to farmer boyswho can enlist and go to the GreatLakes, and then get a "furlough forfarm purposes. ' Kentucky has responded well to previous calls, and Ifeel sure we will break all recordsthis time, too."Navy Recrjuiting Stations are located at Ashland, Covington, Lexington, Owensboro, Paducah andBowling .Green,, in addition to themain office at Louisville. '1 m mPoliticians-may be interested to observe that pictures of the Presidentialeheepvom the White House lawn showno black' sheepin the flock.. JtJfMILLERSBURG ,:-Mrs. Bowen and daughter, Martha Miller, of Atlanta, Ga., areguests of Dr. W. M. Miller and family. Mrs. Wright, of Maysville, is aguest of her daughter, Mrs. Chanslor. Mrs. K. D. Hutchings has returned to her home in Lexington after a visit to relatives in this city.Mrs. Morgan West and threechildren, of Pueblo, Colo., are guestsof Mrs. Houston Crouch, near thiscity.Misses Mary, Ruth and Henrietta Coons, of Knoxville, Tenn., andRetta Clarke, of near Paris, areguests of Mr. and Mrs. A. T. Maffett.Members of the W. C. T. U. served ices and sandwiches on the Chautauqua grounds Monday and Wednesday to the crowds attending theChautauqua.James Craycraft, Clarence Robertson, James Crump and H. C. Current passed the physical examinationat Paris, Tuesday, for admission tothe U. S. army service.Rev. Mr. White, of Georgetown,has accepted a call to the pastorateof the Baptist church at this place,and will come to Millersburg on Sunday, July 28, to preach his initialsermon. The chaurch building hasbeen undergoing extensive repairs,which are now complete, and a neworgan has been installed.PUBLIC SALE. House and lotand' 20 acres of unimproved land.Having decided to locate elsewhere,I will sell at public auction at myhome on Eighth street, Saturday,July 20, at 2 p. m., the following described property: Residence locatedon Eighth street, in Millersburg, Ky.,containing eight rooms and all modern conveniences; 20 acres of unimproved land on Colville turnpike.Four acres in tobacco, one-half ofwhich goes with the land, balancein clover. One Dodge Bros.' touringcar, 1917 model, good as new.Household and kitchen furniture.For particulars call Harris &Speakes, Paris, Ky.(It) ROY ENDICOTT.Mr. William Burroughs, agedseventy-six, for many years a prominent and prosperous farmer of thisvicinity, died at 8:45 yesterdaymorning at the family home in thiscity, after an illness of two years,due to the infirmities of age. Duringhis long illness Mr. Burroughs hadborne up with a fortitude unusualfor one of advanced age, but thestrain on his vitality, was too greatto endure pinch longer.Mr. Burroughs was a son of thelate Mr. and Mrs. Alexander Burroughs, pioneer resident of Nicholascounty. Leaving his parental roof atat early age he engaged in farmingm this neighborhood, and by cfint ofeconomy and thrift accumulated sufficient funds to purchase a farm forhimself. His death occurred withinsight of the old house in which hewas born and passed his younger,days. Early in life he was marriedto "Miss Mary Parker. By this union six children were borir, fivesons, G. S. Burroughs, of New Albany, Ind., James, Charles, John andJesse Burroughs, all of Millersburg,the latter being in the service of theUnited States at an army cantonment somewhere in Illinois, and onedaughter, Miss Frances Burroughs,of this city.Mr. Burroughs early in life became identified with the Christianchurch, in which he became a deacon in the congregation, and at thetime of his death being an elder. Hewas a member of the Board of Direc-tors of the Hurst Home InsuranceCo., and was a solid, substantial citizen in every respect. Besides thechildren named above he is survivedby two brothers, Dr. Henry ClayBurroughs and Mr. K. D. Burroughs,both of this place, and four sisters,Mrs. J. W. Dalzell, of Kansas, Mrs.Wm. Norton, of Carlisle, Mrs. J. C.Ringo, of Mexico, Mo., and and MissNancy Burroughs, of this city.The funeral arrangements had' notbeen completed yesterday, pendTngthe receipt of news from Mr. JesseBurroughs, his son, who is in thearmy service. The funeral will beconducted from the home, however,with services held by the pastor ofhis church, Rev. C. O. Cossaboom.The interment will follow in theMillersburg Cemetery.The Millersburg Chautauquawas continued Sunday evening withMiss Pearl O'Neil, Canadian reader,in the prelude', followed by Capt.Richard P. Hobson in a lecture entitled "America and The World War."The lecture was long and of considerable depth. He is not as fluent aspeaker as some we have heard.Monday afternoon Vierra's RoyalHawaiians gave a full concert in theafternoon of Hawaiian music, and abrief description of the Islands werealso given by Mr. Vierra. Theirmusic is somewhat peculiar butsweet. It was enjoyed by all whoheard them and they were the recipiants of many encores. In the evening the Hawaiians gave a prelude,followed by Bob Seeds in his humorous lecture, "The Way It Looks Fromthe Road." To meet Mr. Seeds youwould take him for most anythingrather than a platform man, butwhen he appears before you you aresoon satisfied that he is on his job.His lecture is full of humor and philosophy. Notwithstanding the factthat he has an impediment of speechhe keeps you laughing from first tolast. And at the same time he is always giving you something to thinkabout and carrying away with you.The program of Tuesday admittedof music variety. In the afternoonwe were entertained by DeJeu, magician, who was clever in all his tricks,exposing many of them, and DeVito,piano-accordionist, the king of theaccordion. His instrument was especially made for him, and he is ableto play on it in any key the musicmight call for. He is certainly anartist in his line and gave us samplesof all grades of music from thesmplest ragtime to the most classical.Dr. Roland Nichols gave an interesting lecture entitled, "'The Way Of JtheWar." It was in every respect good,and one that every mother, wife, sisteifand sweethWt should hear. He'waat notonfbf itfyos men who tellsyou what you ought to do and having nottfingsat stakeimself. On' thecontrary; he has oneson and twoson-in-laws on the battlefield ofFrance. In his brief reference to hisfamily he touched the heart of allwho heard him, and many eyes weremoist. In the evening DeJeu andDeVito furnished the prelude. Theywere followed by George EustacePearson, one of the few survivors ofthe Princess Pats regiment of Canada, who gave us an insight into lifein the trenches and the horrors ofbattle. He was earnest in his workand positive in his denunciation ofthe Kaiser and Kaiserism, tellingwhat would have to be done beforethe war closed. Some little exceptionwas taken during his address in regard to the light, flippant way hetreated death, but those of us whoheard him have not lived in thetrenches as has and have not comeface to face with the enemy, sufferingthe horrible experiences that he andhis comrades endured. His lecturewas good and will bear repeatingany time and in any place.Wednesday afternoon and eveningthe Navassar Orchestral Band, consisting of fifteen ladies, gave twocomplete concerts. This was the bestaggregation of the kind our peopleever had the good fortune to listento. Each lady was an artist. Themusic was unquestionably good andadmitted of considerable variety.Their programs were by far moreI classical than any of the musical aggregations we have had during theChautauqua, and certainly pleasedall who heard them. Thus closes themost brilliant Chautauqua of theseries that have been conducted heresince their organization. It wasthought early in the season that itwould be best to give up the Chautauqua during the war, but as theprogram proceeded our citizens became more interested, and at a meeting of the promotors of the Chautauqua after the afternoon session ofMonday it was decided to continue it.We are promised another brilliantprogram for next year. And we believe that White & Myers will beable to give it to us. The organization came out on top.Hi 1st Hi-BURLEY TOBACCO COMPANY DECLARES 6 DIVIDEND.Five hundred stockholders in Bourbon County will be interested in theannouncement that the Burley Tobacco Society has declared a dividend of 6 per cent, on its $1,050,000capital stock, and that probably$40,000 in stock is held by stockholders alone in Bourbon County.The Burley Tobacco Society is nowbelieved to be on a firm basis financially, after a business career of nineyears, during which time much useless and costly litigation has beenforced on officers of the company,costing the stockholders some$300,000 in litigation expenses.The Burley Tobacco Society, owned largely by tobacco growers In theBurley district, now owns 16 warehouses, and besides being large buyers and sellers of tobacco, are successfully conducting their large tobaccomanufacturing plant. The followingnotice to Bourbon stockholders hasbeen issued:"A six per cent, dividend has beendeclared by the Burley Tobacco Company, payable only on presentation ofstock certificate."The checks for this dividend toBourbon County stockholders will begiven out on Saturday, July 20, atthe Bourbon-Agricultural Bank &Trust Company, by John T: Collins.If all are not delivered om that daythey will be delivered on each succeeding Saturday until all are delivered. Be sure to bring your certificate of stock, otherwise you cannotget your check."VON HINDENBURG SAID TO HAVE"CROSSED OVER."AMSTERDAM, July 18. FieldMarshal von Hindenburg is dead,according to the newspaper LesNouvelles. His death is said to haveoccurred after a stormy interviewwith the German Emperor at GreatHeadquarters at Spa. The Eniperorand the Feld Marshal' are declaredto have had serious differences ofopinion concerning the- German offensive toward Paris. The Field Marshaldied from congestion of the brain.The violent interview between VonHindenburg and Emperor William occurred on May ItT, Les Nouvellessays. It was followed by an apoplectic stroke which ultimately resultedin the Field Marshal's death.The newspaper says 3ts information was obtained "from good sourcesin the occupied district of Belgium."mm vGOVERNMENT MEN ARREST THEHANGERS-ON AX LATONIA.CINCINNATI, July 18. Nearly500 men, alleged to have been without draft cards, were caught in theGovernment dragnet at the Latoniaracecourse Saturday afternoon, on thelast day of the meeting.Street cars, automobiles and wagons were pressed into service to con-vey the men to the Covington policeheadquarters.The arrests were made by the Covington police, Secret Service man anddraft officials, assisted by the Sheriffand deputies.The visit of the officials came without warning and almost demoralizedthe big Saturday afternoon crowd.Late Saturday night the police hadreleased all but five negroes. Onehundred and fifty men had no cardsand were held until satisfactoryproof was given or cards were produced by friends or relativesCount von Luxburg is promised allthe safe conduct the allies can givehim, but he must still take somechance of being sunk without trace.The difference between the bracertaken by the Prohibitionist is thatone bracer.bonded'unSLthe otherspatented., ? " tFAIRBANKSJtIF?HAS A'tu3aV.When Fred Stone, the popular starof "Jack O' Lantern," the well-knownNew York musical comedy, arrivedin Los Angeles for a dip in the picture game, he was met at the SantaFe Depot by Jesse Lasky, DouglasFairbanks and a band of be-chappedbuckaroos, says the September Motion Picture Classic. The minutehe stepped off the car, he waspromptly lassoed, and a second laterDoug Fairbanks held a pistol overStone's heart. Fred Stone grinned."I'm your prisoner," he chuckled."Take my money, but spare my life."The new star wanted to see everything there was to be seen in theLasky studio, and everyone was keento show him about, "Your first workwill be done on this tight-rope," saidhis director, Donald Crisp, as theypassed a seat. Stone grinned again,this time more expansively than thetime before. "Up we go," he cried",and sprung on the taut wire. Heskinned up the ladder like a simian,fully dressed, merely discarding hisovercoat, which he had worn byEastern force of habft Once aloft,he was more at home than ever. Hestood on his head and did stunts thatmade the others gasp, while evenCrisp was becoming nervous for hisstar's safety. Down he shinniedpresently and hastened" over to thebig tent set for his picture. Up theside he went, half-way to the ridgepole, and slid down again, landingon a lion's cage, where he wasshortly to make the acquaintance oftwo jungle-bred, untamed, kings ofthe forest. As he came down DougFairbanks pinioned him with his everready lasso. Fred laughed and extricated himself, spinning the ropeand catching Doug. Fred Stone isgoing to give us some great stuntsin pictures Doug Fairbanks willhave to invent some new ones.Hi Hi HiLAME SHOULDERThis ailment is usually caused byrheumatism of the muscles. All thatis needed is absolute rest and a fewapplications of Chamberlain's Liniment, Try it.(adv-july)STATE GIVES 67,090 BOOKS TOARMY MEN.Kentucky has given a total of 67,092 books to the boys in the trenchesand in the camps in less than oneyear. Not only has the State recognized its duty along this line but ithas contributed ? 3 0,0 00 toward thlewar library fund. These facts arecontained in the annual report ofMiss Fannie Rawson, secretary ofthe Kentucky Library Commission.When the first call was made fortooks for the boys the Library Commission force collected 5t)0 volumesin response to an urgent wire fromWashington for immediate service forKentucky boys at Hattiesburg.When the work of collecting booksand the drive for war library fundsI was first started there was somedoubt in many minds as to the needof the library service for the soldiers.When General Pershing gave the order that shipping space be given theAmerican Library Association forfifty tones each month, meaning 100,000 volumes, Miss Rawson said, alldoubt disappeared, the people of theState realizing the urgency of theneed. , fDuring the year the? Library Commission has responded to 923 callsfrom libraries alone. These callscover every field of library endeavor.The traveling library collectioncontinues to grow. One year agothere were 9,705 volumes in the trav-feling libraries. This number hasbeen increased to 10216 volumes.The needs of the commission, MissRawson said in her report, are most-l ly legislative. The most urgent needis that of an increased appropriation.The commission was started in 1910with $6,000 for tlfce annual expenditure. This amount has not been increased. MRS. BURNS' LETTER.Here is a letter that is certain? toprove of interest to people in this-vicinity,as cases of this sort occur inalmost every neighborhood, and people should' know what to do in likecircumstances:Savannah, Mo., Oct. 12;1916-."I used' a bottle of Chamberlain'sColic and? Diarrhoea Remedy aboutnine years ago and it cured me of :flux (dysentery.) I had another attack of the same complaint somethree or four years ago and a fewdoses of this remedy cured me. Ihave recommended Chamberlain'sColic and Diarrhoea Remedy to dozens of people since I first used it."(adv-july)For RentModern cottage of six rooms;bath; gas; electric lights; garage;next to Twelfth and High streets.DR. F. P. CAMPBELL,Paris, Ky.Cumberland Phone 142.(28-tf)For Sale or Rent.One 16 -horse-power Garr-Scott engine, in good condition. Call on oraddress, ,MRS. JACK WOODS,206 West-Eighth St., Paris, Ky.(18-tf) Ho.m.t Phone 397.DOUGLASWomen AttendantsWanted.Wanted, women attendants. Experience not necessary, but preferred.Apply at or address, The CincinnatiSanitarium, College Hill Station,Cincinnati, Ohio. (8-4wks)Dissolution Notice!The firm of Dickerson & DouglasGarage has been mutually dissolved:Mr. Dickerson retires from the firm.Mr. Douglass will collect and settleall accounts of the ffrm.B. R. -DICKERSON,J. S. DOUGLAS.(2-6t)Red Cross FledgesAll persons owing Red; Cross Society pledges are requested to callon the undersigned, at the BourbonAgricultural Bank & Tru3t Co., andpay their pledges prompter.B. WOODFORD, Treasurer.(12-4t-pd)Used Cars For Sale !Two 1918 Ford touring cars; two1917 touring cars; one 1817 roadster; one 1918 ccipe; all in goodcondition; quick sales at a bargain.W. O. CROMBIE & ORR,Shawhan, Ky.Home Phone 2; Cumberland 47.(12-3t)FOR RENT.Cottage of 4 rooms, bath, kitchenand laundry. Front room can beused for office. Two rooms upstairs.Location, 623 Main street. Apply toMRS. J. B. NORTHCOTT,(tf)' High Street.IRONWe- pay highest prices for ironjunk, Hides and wool.MUNICH & WIDES & COv,Eighth St., Paris, Ky.,Cumb. Phone 374.(23-tf)OptometryMeans Eye ServiceParis' exclusive optical parlors.Frames and Mountings, all stylesLorgnettes, Binocular Auto Goggles.Sha'dfes ground in any color desired.We 6 frame repairing and can, duplicate any lens, no matter where fitted. Nothing but high-grade material' used. Call and let's get acquainted Optometrically. Wechargefor anamination.Dfc.Wm. Riley Franklin"OPTOMETRIST."Both Phones. 52 0 Main StkeUMSheriffs Sale!BOURBON QUARTERLY COURT.R. P. DOW PlaintiffVs. Notice of Sale.WM. REMINGTONDefendantPursuant to distress warrant andorder of sale, the undersigned will, onSaturday, July 27, 1918about the hour of 10 a. m., in thestore room of R. P. Dow, on MainStreet, Paris, Kentucky, occupied byWm. Remington, expose to publicsale the following personal property,or so much thereof as will raise theamount of the distress warrant,?150.00, with interest from June 1,1918, until pid at the rate of Sper annum, and the costs of this proceeding, to-wit:One Job Printing Press, one Cylinder Newspaper Press, one ElectricMotor, seven Roller Cores, Pulleysand Shafting, one Water Motor, onePaper Cutter, four Imposing Stones,four Steel, Seven-column NewspaperChases, one Proof Press, severalBrass Galleys, one Job imposingStone, four Stands, lot of Job andNewspaper Type.TERMS. Said sale will be madeupon credit of six months, purchasersto execute bond with good surety, approved by the undersigned.T W. G. McCLINTOCK,- Sheriff of BorlK)H?County'(3t-12-l-lf f..4FRIDAY, JULY 19, 1918.THB BOURBON KBITS, FA1MI ttl.,-r-ra1 rf f "i -v-Ci wr;tfffnn"! t " wDOCTOR URGEDAN OPERATIONInstead I took Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compoundand Was Cured,Baltimore, Md. "Nearly four yearsI suffered from organic troubles, nervousness and beadaches and everymonth would have tostay in bed most ofthe time. Treatments would relieveme for a time butmy doctor was, always urging me to-nave an operation.My sister asked me3o try Lydia E. Pink-fa a m's VegetableCompound beforeff consenting to any operation. I tookfive bottles of it andI it has completelycured me and mvwork is a pleasure. I tell jail my f riendawho have any trouble of this kind whatLydia B. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound has done for me. Nellie B.Brittingham, 609 CalvertonRd., Baltimore, Md.It is only natural for any woman todread the thought of an operation. Somany women have been restored tohealth by this famous remedy, Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, afteran operation has been advised that itwill pay any woman who suffers fromsuch ailments to consider trying it before submitting to such a trying ordeal.f43t si fCtil IAN4)-eGOVERNMENT MAY TAKE CONTROL OP TOBACCO BUSINESWASHINGTON, July 18. Government control of the tobacco industryof the United States may result fromthe heavy requirements of the Alliesand the American military forcesabroad. Rationing of the Americanpopulation is believed to be a possibility. The War Industries Board announced Sunday that it has been conducting an investigation to determinethe requirements abroad and theamount that must be conserved inthis country to meet the situation.It estimates that approximately twothirds of the leaf tobacco raised inthis country in 1917 will be available for American, manufacturers.Out of this must come cigarettes andpipe tobacco for troops not yet overseas, and exports of manufacturedtobacco purchased here for Belgium.The crop in 1917 was 1,196,000,000pounds, and of this the board estimates 850,000,000 pounds will beavailable this year for United Statesmanufacturers, while 346,000,000pounds a year, the board said. England and France each allot 40 percent, of their entire consumption tothe army and navy, while Italy allowsher military forces 45 per cent. Thetotal yearly consumption of the entire population of these countries theboard estimates at 387,000,000pounds, or 41,000,000 more thanthis country is able to export.The War Industries Board quotesthe annual per capita consumption ofthe United States and the Allies asfollows: Italy, 2 pounds; France3 pounds; Great Britain, 4 pounds,and the United States 7 pounds.TS5 m P3'"" THE JOY OP LIVING. . 'sTo enjoy life we must have goodhealth. No one can reasonably hopeto get much real pleasure out of lifewhen his bowels are clogged a goodshare of the time and the poisons thatthat should be expelled are absorbedinto the system, producing headacheand indigestion. A few doses ofChamberlain's Tablets will move thebowels, strengthen the digestion andgive you a chance to realize the realjoy of living. Try it.- ,, . (adv-july)- JE h Ite tto .,TREASURY REPORTS TOTAL OPTHIRD LIBERTY LOAN.EPISTLE PROM DENNIS SNAPPIN "LAND OF THE SKY."Mr. Dennis V. Snapp,-of the Ken-tuckian-Citizen,who is at LakeJunaluska, N. C, as a delegate representing Kentucky at the NationalConference of the "Epworth Leagueof the Methodist church, sends amember of THE NEWS staff an interesting letter, which is reproducedbelow:"Lake Junaluska, N. C, July 15."DEAR NEWS:"After an hour's ride on the boat Iam now ready to retire to 'Dreamland,' in 'The Land of the Sky.'This common phrase by which NorthCarolina is known is one that isjustly deserved, and if you shouldvisit Junaluska you would be thoroughly convinced that you were living in a 'land of the sky.'"The Southern Assembly of theMethodist Episcopal church, South,in selecting and improving Lake Junaluska has undoubtedly given thenation one of the most magnificentChautauqua and playgrounds of theworld. It is ideal in every sense ofthe word, including the purest andbest water, which comes from springsthat receive their supply from thesurrounding mountains. The airis dry, crisp and bracing, and makesone feel like an entirely new personafter being here a short time. Theweather since my arrival has beenideal, with bright, balmy days, andthe nights being cool enough to require blankets for covering. It wasso cool here the first night that Ispent at the Auditorium that I sentin a requisition for another blanketso as to be 'comfy' for "the secondnight's sleep."You can imagine my very greatsurprise when I arrived here to findthat the beautiful Junaluska Inn hadburned on Thursday morning at twoo'clock. My reservations had beenmade at the Inn, but I had no troublein securing excellent accommodationsat the Auditorium Hotel."Junaluska Inn was situated on abluff 150 feet above and overlookingLake Junaluska. I have never in allmy life seen a more picturesque location. The Inn was complete in everyrespect, having 138 handsomely furnished rooms, and seventy-five roomsand suites with bath, hot and coldwater in every room, The estimatedcost of the building with furnishingswas $130,000. It was insured for$75,000. I am pleased to state thatplans are already being made for itsrebuilding. At the time of the firethere were a great many guests atthe Inn, most of whom lost practically all their personal belongings.One young woman was, reported tohave lost diamonds valued at $800."This afternoon the delegates tooka hike around the Lake, which is adistance of over five miles. We areplanning to ascend to the 'Eagle'sNest' Wednesday. This will be ahike of over six miles, starting fromthe Auditorium Hotel. I judge bythe time I walk twelve miles in oneday I will be ready for fried chickenand country ham, which we get hereevery day."Kentucky has the largest delegation of any Conference represented.We have all been assigned, to onetable in the dining room, and believe me, Xantippe, we make ourselves known on every occasion. Andwe made a specialty of singing 'MyOld Kentucky Home Those from the'Dark and Bloody Ground' are MissesMarguerite Morris, Emma Bedfordand Miriam Hare, of Lexington; Margaret Bodkin and Katherine Reeves,Shelby ville; Mrs. James Current,Miss Lena Cooper and myself, fromParis. Rev, J. E. Savage and Mrs.Ashbrook, of Covington, are expectedto-morrow. ,..-v i - n '"We are having a wonderfulassembly, and some of the best talentthat can be found to take part on theprogram. In addition to the royalgood time we are having and themany pleasant experiences, our trip isproving a most inspring and helpfulone. .1It is now near midnight, and mylight, I think, is the only one leftburning, so I judge I had betterjump into a very inviting-lookingbed. Give my best regards to all."Sincerely Yours,"DENNIS V. SNAPP."SOCIAL AND PERSONAL;Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.ENTERTAINING LETTER FROMFORMER "EMPIRE" SWEENEYITHE PIRST MOTION PICTUREWASHINGTON, July 18. Pinalcompilations of Third Liberty Loansubscriptions announced by theTreasury Department show a total of$4,176,516,850, an increase m of6,497,200 over the total officiallyestimated last May 18, after, the loancampaign closed.W1CK1E SAYSHELP I GvC -This UERSACK OFPEN WE BEFOREr.acmw kN . RW HEKa BBTTHE NEX.-T CrUV MO WMtfSTO -TRAbE POTATOES, ERfcNVTHlN ELSE on vssobscrpTou vs eotrV -foOlT BEANED Wf W "THE.tVALL6,AUE VV fftOWNvei ;I -V A. I ' iy4PJNj -V----"-It has often been erroneously quoted that Thomas Edison made the firstpicture before a motion picture camera, says the September Motion Picture Magazine, but one Edward Muybridge, an inventive photographer inCalifornia, really deserves credit forthe first film made. Leland Stanfordheard of Muybridge and offered hima large sum of money if he couldshow a race horse in motion. OnMay 18, 1878, Muybridge made hisfirst public attempt to photographanimate objects in continuity. Heset up 24 cameras operated by stringswhich were broken by the horse'sprogress around the track, thuscatching successive exposures, acrude method, but destined to be themother of our great present-day inventions. There was a shed 120 feetlong opposite the cameras, paintedblack to serve as a sharp contrast tothe horses' appearances. Later therewas a motor, and so revolutionarywas the result of Muybridge's firstwork that the University of Pennsylvania donated forty thousand dollarsfor experimentation. Still later,Mrms. Marev took ud the workParis, using a sensitized film and single- camera.Miss Elise Varden left yesterdayfor a visit to friends in Maysville.Mr. Thos. Drennan has returnedfrom a visit to relatives in Flemingcounty.Miss Lake Kern is a guest ofher brother, Mr. Roy Kern, in Mt".Sterling.Miss Ruth Feld' and brother,Solomon, are visiting Miss Ida Effron,in Carlisle.Mr. and Mrs. Emmett Edwardsand family were recent visitors atBoonesboro.Mrs. Alice Beall, of Danville, isa guest of Mrs. Candace Smith, onSeventh street.Miss Virginia Cook has returnedfrom a visit to friends and relativesin Georgetown.Mrs. W. L. James is a guest ofher parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Dennison, in Clark county.Miss Christine Thomas has returned from a visit to Mrs. LucyFesler, in Mt. Sterling.Mr. John Current, of near Paris,is a guest of his granddaughter, Mrs.Snell Moore, in Lexington.Mrs. Nellie Starke has returnedto her home in Louisville, after avisit to relatives in Paris.Misses Laura Belle Dalzell andLucille Crouch are guests of MissMicha Martin, in Owingsville.Mrs. Lee Price and son, Mr.Morris Price, are visiting Mr. JohnPrice, at Beechmont, near Louisville.Mr. and Mrs. William Wilder,of Louisville, are guests of Mr. andMrs. George Wilder, on Cypressstreet.Miss Viola Shout, of Lexington,is a guest of her grandparents, Mr.and Mrs. Sam Shout, on Virginiaavenue.Mr. Robert H. Harris has goneto Hamilton, Ohio, where he hastaken a position in a large woolenfactory.Misses Christine McCord andEdna Burnett are guests of friends inGeorgetown and Newtown, in Scottcounty.Mr. and Mrs. Charles P. Mannhave as guest at their home in thiscity Miss Cynthia Mann, of Mt.Sterling.Mrs. Charles E. Butler, Jr., andlittle son, of Cincinnati, are guestsof Mr. and Mrs. Charles E. Butler,Sr., in this city.Mrs. Edward Kenner, of Maysville, is a guest of her brother, Mr.H. A. Power, and Mrs. Power, attheir home in this city.Mrs. L. I. Smith and two children, of Pensacola, Florida, areguests of her sister, Mrs. Frank P.Kiser, on Houston avenue.Mrs. Anna McDougle has returned to her home in Lexington, after avisit to Mrs. MaymeParrish, on Houston avenue.Mrs. C. L. Steenbergen anddaughter, Miss Frances, left yesterday for a visit to friends and relatives in Huntington, W. Va.Mr. and Mrs. Harry Baldwinand children, Vernita and Vail Baldwin, are camping and fishing nearRobinson, on the Licking River.Mr. and Mrs. Chas. Collins anddaughter, Miss Dorothy Collins, ofZanesville, Ohio, are guests of,. Mr.and Mrs. Luther Ashcraft, in thiscity.Miss Anna Belle Race, of Butler,x Ky., is a guest of Miss MaryFrances Campbell, at the home ofher parents, Dr. and Mrs. F. P.Campbell, on High street.Miss Merle Shumake, who recently graduated from the Massie Memorial Training School for Nurses,has gone to Trevillian, Va., for asix-weeks' visit to her parents.Misses Rosina and Ruby Elderare hostesses to Miss Mary Mackey,of Maysville. At the conclusion of hervisit Miss Mackey will go to Georgetown, where she will visit friends.A merry party of young peoplefrom Winchester and Clark countyare in camp on the banks of StonerCreek, in this county, spending thetime in fishing and other recreations.They are chaperoned by Mr. and Mrs.M. D. Royse and Mr. and Mrs. ClayBoone, of Clark county.Mrs. Percy Reid, who has beena guest for several weeks of hermother, Mrs. M. A. Paton, and brother, Mr. Pearce Paton, will leave today for Charleston, S. C, to reside.Her husband, Mr. Percy Reid, has afine position witli' the Mason-HangerConstruction Co., who are engaged inbuilding huge dry docks 'at Charleston for the U. S. Government.Mrs. Fay Ardery was hostess recently at her home on Houston avenue to a party of friends at bridge.There were three tables. After thegames refreshments were served.The guests for the afternoon were:Mesdames Ray Taylor, Oscar T. Hinton, Denis Dundon, Frank P. Kiser,L. I. Smith, W. C. Daniel, BrincnMeinertz, Sidney Ardery, Jr., andMisses Nancy Griffith, Martha Ferguson, Elizabeth Jasper and Mary Fithian Hutchcraft.The home of Mr. and Mrs. NealParker, on Winchester street, wasthe scene of a happy event, Saturdaynight, when a large group of youngwas in the nature of a farewell partywas in the nature of a farwell partyto the son of the host and hostess,Mr. William Parker, who left Manday with the Bourbon county boysfor Ft.. Thomas.v After playing anumber of games the guests wereserved refreshments of an enticing ikind. The evening was thoroughly !enjoyed by all present. The guests jwere: Misses Mary Buckner, Elizabeth Webb, Delia Hornback, MinnieLou Carr, Katherine Wills, ZomaMeade, Mabel Carter, Cora Buckner,Ruth Mitchell, Daisy McKee, IreneParker, Delia Parker; Mr. and Mrs.George Insko; Messrs. Stanley Rule,Thomas Keller, Preston Bales, Geo.THE NEWS is in receipt of thefollowing very interesting letterfrom Mr. Monroe Sweeney, formerlyof Paris, who is now stationed atCambridge, Mass., in the aviationschool. Mr. Sweeney's letter, inpart, is as follows:"Cambridge, Mass, July 14.DEAR NEWS:"Another week will find me on myway to either Miami, Key West, Fla.,San Diego, Cali., Bay Shore, NewYork, or Akron, Ohio, I don't knowwhich, but I sincerely hope it will bethe last-named place. That is theflying station I have applied for4,but I will not know until Wednesday,as that is the day all applications areconsidered and acted upon."Have been pretty busy recentlywith our final examinations, and nowthat we are in our A or senior flightwe have a little time to ourselves,which is the only time we really haveduring the course. Lest week we hadfinal exams in engines ( 2 ) , gunnery,navigation, theory of night and seamanship, and we are yet to take ourfinal exams in photography, areography, aerial observation, advanced.navigation, radio and rigging. Weget most of them on Wednesday, andat noon Friday school is out. Tomorrow morning we will go up toHarvard for our final blood test."Have had quite a bit of worklately in assembling and disassembling. Was working on the A-129most of last week, and it seems morelike a Pullman car than a seaplane.If I get in the heavier-than-aircraft-serviceam very anxious to get in oneof the big H-boats, as they must bewonderful machines, judging fromwhat the boys write from Florida.However, I hope to get in the'blimps' or dirigible balloon service,and will be stationed at Akron, Ohio,as the navy has a large farm aboutten miles from the city."I surely do enjoy the 'In TheService' column that runs in yourpaper, and evidently, judging from it,there are not very many of the boysleft in the old town. It is always thefirst thing I read as soon as I getTHE NEWS, as I am anxious to knowwhere the boys are stationed, whatthey are doing and what they have tosay."As well as being interesting, it isamusing to me to note some of theletters written from Camp ZacharyTaylor hy our good friend, Jack Turner. 1 think the genial Jack has undoubtedly missed his calling, andthat he could serve his country firstrate in the capacity of humorist forone of the large dailies, in fact better than as the bearer of a Springfieldrifle. Not for a minute doubting hisability as a soldier.pp' ,n f nn I "Would certainly liKe to get aKemmgton . . . , irtW nuuupic vjl iaj o jil i"i it wwCamp Mills, and see Doug Clay, andthe other Bourbon boys there beforethe Dr. Barrow Unit leaves. Will letyou know my address when I leavehere, as I do not want to miss asingle copy of THE NEWS. WithkTridesl regards and best of luck toeverybody, I am,"J. MONROE SWWENEY.""Naval Aviation Detachment, M. Q.T. Co. 21, Cambridge, Mass."CR0WDER ISSUES CALL FOR 7,000 DRAFTEES.WASHINGTON, July 18. FifteenStates were called upon by ProvostMarshal General Crowder for7,000 draft registrants fit for generalmilitary service to be sent to schoolsfor special training. The movementwill be between August 1 and 15.Registrants may be voluntarily inducted into this service until July 22.A special call also was issued for 399draft men qualified as cooks, to moveAugust 1 and to be accepted as volunteers until July 23. California isasked for 128 cooks; Louisiana for36 and New York for 235.The allotment for the school callfor Kentucky is: Kentucky 219, Alabama Polytechnic Institute.C0HG1ESS GIVES PRESIDENTCOVETED WIRE CONTBOL.iWASHINGTON, July 18. Congress, Saturday night granted President Wilson's request for authority totake over and operate telegraph, telephone, cable and radio lines. By avote of 46 to 16 the minority allRepublicans the Senate adontedwithout amendment, the House reso-lution granted such power far the period of the war.the war.The resolution will be signed bypresiding officers of the Senate andHouse' and transmitted to the President Monday.All attempts to amend or modifythe Administration measure, whichpassed the House July 5 by a vote of221 to 4, were defeated at a sessionlasting until 9 o'clock Saturdaynight. Amendments by SenatorWatson, of Indiana, to except tele- Iphones and press wires from the resolution were defeated, respectively,41 to 20 and 39 to 21. An amendment by Senator Gore, of Oklahoma,Democrat, to limit action regardingtelephones to long-distance wireswas voted down, while an amendmentby Senator Reed, of Missouri, designed to insure unrestricted public useof facilities, was twice rejected.-153 1 3BONDS OF THE FOURTH LIBERTYLOAN.Bonds of the Fourth Liberty Loanare now being turned out by thethousands daily by the Treasury'sBureau of Engraving and Printing.pThe bonds are similar in form anddesign to those of the third loan, andspace has been left on each bond forinsertion of the exact terms of thebonds.It is believed that a sufficient number of the bonds will be ready tomake possible immediate deliveryof all bonds of the fourth loan asthey are purchased.Tf s momma nrftfefl.'blft-vation demands tfie elriiiinatkw 'the linen collar ia"5" favor o tlMcelluloid neck surrounder, am totcrease in the city Fire DepartEMfcimpends.?BAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly RollCream PuffsDoughnuts, Rolls PferGROCERYFruitsFresh Vegetables '-MEATDEPARTMENTRoatsLamb, Veal, PorkBrainsWILMOTHGrocery Ce.Phone 376Twin Bros.Department StoreMain and 7th Paris, Ky.BigDressSaleWe are giving you thebenefit of this sale. Webought them at right pricesand will dispose of them atprices not to be duplicated.mMr. McAdoo has raised the wagesof nearly 2.000.000 men, all of whomw- " ' ' .. a j i . . . .. . .. .-vote. Pass prosperity arouna ana uaKiey, Arcnie earner, ueioert camp-make the nomination of Mr. McAdoounanimous!bell, Reynolds Buckner, Joe Ashcraft,Carroll Hooper, Harold Harp, HomerThacker, Hanson West, Harry Clarke,John Hertig, Ollie Hertig, Jas. Lenox,George Erion, Thos. Howe, WalterSU6HBOCNext we may hear Hindenburg ex-Dlain that his path to that Paris din- J Deering, Chas. Thrbckmorton, Her-jjjicuxi fc".w k TT19.TI Hii tier. WHHnm. TPaVfror T?ntrner was blocked by German ueaa. Parker ". rAtlanta Constitution. (Other Personals on Page 5.)RoyGinghamDressesChecked and striped patterns, sizes 16 to 50,$2.49 upVoile and Organdy DressesBeautiful patterns andfashionably modeled, at1.75, $4.98, $5.50and $6.95tYou should seethese before theyare gone.CHANGE IN TIMELouisville & NashvilleRailroadEffective July 21stNo; 151 (week days) for Winchester, McRoberts.-?and intermediate points will leave Paris at 6:55 a. mvinstead of 7:40 a. m.No 1 56 (week days) for Cynthiana will leave Parisat 7:55 p. m. instead of 6:45 p. m.No. 32 for Cincinnati will leave at 8:40 p. m. insteadof 8:42 p. m.See Us For All Kinds ofFARMMACHINERYand SuppliesMcCormickMowing MachinesandCorn Binders:I7imaCf?VAHWftk9um'lw1fNo better on the market' 'Have stood the test of years. -C. S. BALL GARAGECor.' Fourth and Pleasant St;-t&.'J u.1i II ryIIItt t.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, IT.iiaim ''" '-'iMtFRIDAY, JULY 1, 111.VPBicaBB9EE9HeHBBSEAn OrdinanceJffiQUIBIfftf' ANY PERSON, HEM,COMPANY OR CORPORATION,OR RECEIVER IN CHARGE,THEIR OEEICERS, AGENTS,SERVANTS OE EMPLOYES GENERATING,' DISTRIBUTING, FURNISHING OE SUPPLYING ELECTRICAL ENERGY IN THE CITYOF PARIS; KY., TO FURNISH, INSTALL, MAINTAIN AND OPERATE THE EQUIPMENT NECESSARY FOR' LIGHTING THESTREETS, AVENUES AND HIGHWAYS OF PARIS, KY., AND FIXING AND REGULATING THERATES, TOLLS AND CHARGESFOR STREET LIGHTING ANDSERVICED IN CONNECTIONTHEREWITH, AND FIXING ANDREGULATING , THE RATES,TOLLS AND75HARGES OF ELECTRICAL ENERGY AND SERVICEIN CONNECTION THEREWITHUSED BY' THE CITY OF PARISFOR OTHER PUBLIC PURPOSES,NANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONHCT THEREWITH. City Hall, Paris, Ky., July, lfe. 1918.iBE IT ORDAINED BY THE BOARDOP COUNCILPARIS, KY.rOF THE CITY OPSECTION 1. That any person,firm, company or corporation, or receiver in charge, their officers, servants, agents or employees generating, distributing, furnishing or supplying electrical energy in the Cityof Paris, Ky., shall, at their owncost and expense furnish, install andmaintain in good and efficient operating condition the poles, wires, appliances and appurtenances, lamp fixtures and lamps necessary for lighting the streets, avenues and highways of the City of Paris, Ky., andshall locate and suspend the lamps atsuch, points and at such heights andin such manner as may be ordered bythe Board of Council from time totipne, incandescent electric lamps ofthe type known as the gas-filledTungsten filament, Type C, series 6.6ampere shall be used; and for lampsover 100 candle power a type ofpendant lamp fixture equipped with asuitable reflector ' and prismatic refractor type of globe shall be employed; for lamps of 100 candle power and under, a suitable fixture tomeet the approval of the Board ofCouncil shall be employed.SECTION 2. That any such person, firm, company or corporation, orreceiver in charge, their officers,agents, servants, or employees shallfurnish and supply said incandebcentelectrical lamps and the electrical jenergy and service in connectiontherewith necessary to the efficientand effective operation of said lampsto their rated capacity while in service on the streets, and shall replaceor renew said incandescent electriclamps when burned out or when theamount of emitted light has droppedto less than 80 per cent, of the initialvalue; and shall thoroughly cleanthe lamps and fixture parts and theprismatic refractors as often as necessary and not less than once amonth; and shall keep a completeand detailed record of all incandescent electric lamp renewals, refractor replacements and cleaning oflamps, and furnishing a copy thereofwith each, monthly service bill.SECTION 3. That any such person, firm, company or corporation, orreceiver in charge, their officers,agents, servants or employees shallfurnish, install and maintain at theirown cost and expense, at their stations or plants, suitable recordingammeters, watt-meters, and other instruments to test and record the energy consumption of all street lighting circuits; records of same shall bekept and furnished to the Citymonthly; and shall also furnish, erectand maintain, at their own cost andexpense, wire connections at suchpoints on such circuits as the Boardof Council may order for the purposeof connecting measuring instrumentsto test the energy consumption asactually supplied to the lamps inservice, which tests the City of Parisreserves to itself the right to makeat any time.SECTION 4. That it shall be unlawful for any such person, firm,company or corporation, or receiverin charge, their officers, agents,servants or employees to charge, exact, demand or collect for suchstreet lighting and service in connection therewith more than ten andone-half cents (10c) per night foreach.. and every 400 candle powerlamp, and three and one-half cents(3c) per night for each andevery 80 candle power lamp suppliedto the City of Paris, Ky., payablemonthly, subject to such deductionsas hereinafter provided; NIGHT, asherein used, shall meaiuthat eachlamp shall burn daily from 30 minutes -after sunset to 30 minutes before sunrise as determined by the U.S. Weather Bureau, at Lexington,Ky.; but the total time of burningshall be at the rate of not less than4,000 hours during each year; provided that from said price shall bededucted from. each, individual 400 cplamps that does not burn or is outone Mour and aiot more than twohour, five cents (5c) each night;amd for each, of said lamps that do3Mt THirn. or are out more than twohours per night, 10c; and for eachiBarr-rauai,rsp cp uamp inaigaqea iUUIU'Ul IB UUl lUe UUUl SUU'UUk iwicthan two hours, 2c each night; andfor 'each of said 80 cp lamps that donot burn or are out' more than twohours per night 3&c each night; provided further, that where entire circuits are out, deductions shall bemade from the f maximum prices hereinbefore stipulated as follows: 2cfor each 400 cp lamp out more thanone hour; 6c for each of said lampsout more than three hours; 8c foreach of said lamps out more than fivehours; 10 c for each of said lampsout more than six hours; and for the80 cp lamps the deductions for thenon-burning or out hours hereinbefore specified shall be lc; lc;2c, and 3c respectively; providedfurther, that each lamp fixture having dirty or broken refractors orglobes or when the amount of emitted light of the incandescent electric 'lamps has, dropped to less than80 per cent, of the initial value, orwhere the quality of the service rendered it not up to the full rated capacity of the' lamps, tested in service,shall be. considered to be out entirelyuntil such defects are remedied, andduring such time or default no payments shall be made by the City ofParis, Ky., for any such lamps.SECTION 5. That is shall be unlawful for any person, firm, company or corporation, or receiver incharge, their officers, agents,servants or employees , furnishing or supplying electrical energy and service in connection therewith to the City of Paris, Ky., in,about, on or for any building, structure or place devoted exclusively to apublic use, to charge, demand, exactor collect for electrical energy or anyservice connection therewith so supplied or furnished, more 'than therates, tolls and charges, to-wit: Forgeneral lighting purposes, 4c perKwh net; for general power purposes,2c per Kwh net, payable monthly;minimum charge, 50c per month permeter.SECTION 6. That it shall be unlawful for any such person, firm,company or corporation, or receiverin charge, their officeis, agents, servants or employees to interfere withthe supply or refuse to furnish asupply of electrical energy and theservices or service in connectiontherewith hereinbefore stipulated, tothe City of Paris, Ky., for failure topay for same; provided the city ofParis, Ky., tenders in lawful money,the charge for such electrical energyand said services at the rates, tollsand charges hereinbefore set forth inSection 4 and Section 5 of this Ordinance. SECTION 7. That all ordinancesand parts of ordinances in conflictherewith are hereby repealed.SECTION 8. That this Ordinanceshall be in full force and effect fromand after its passage and publication. E. B. JANUARY, Mayor.Attest:J. W. HAYDEN, Clerk.An OrdinanceTO FIX AND REGULATE RATES,TOLLS AND CHARGES OF NATURAL GAS. AND SERVICES INCONNECTION THEREWITH, ANDESTABLISHING MINIMUM ANDMAXIMUM PRESSURES OF GAS,AND PROVIDING REPARATIONTO CONSUMERS FOR FAILUREOR REFUSAL TO SUPPLY GASAT MINIMUM PRESSURE PROVIDED, AND FOR OTHER PURPOSES, IN PARIS, KY., AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCESAND PARTS OF ORDINANCESIN CONFLICT THEREWITH.City Hall, Paris, Ky., July, 16, 1918.BE IT ORDAINED BY THE BO&RDOF COUNCIL OP THE CITY OPPARIS, KY.:SECTION 1. That it shall be unlawful for any person, firm, company,corporation, receiver in charge, ortheir officers, agents, servants oremployees supplying or furnishingnatural gas or any service inconnection therewith to the inhabitants of Paris, Kentucky, tocharge, exact, demand or collect fornatural gas or any service in connection therewith more than 43c perthousand cubic feet pionthly use,less a discount of 5 cents per thousand cubic feet, for payment on or before the 10th day following renditionof bills. Minimum 50 cents permonth per meter.SECTION 2. That any person,firm, company or corporation,or receiver in charge, or theirofficers, agents, servants or employeessupplying or furnishing natural gasin Paris, Ky., for heat, light and power, are hereby required at all timesto furnish "and supply gas for saidpurposes at pressures not less than &.ounces and not more than 12 ouncesto the square inch at the outlet ofconsumer's meter; and there shallnot be in any day more than 100 percent, fiuxuation in pressure at theoutlet of consumer's meter above theminimum pressure supplied that tlay;except that such person, firm, company or corporation, or their officers,agents, servants or employees shallbe permitted to furnish gas of a higher or lower pressure and having agreater fluctuation for fuel or powerany consumer in.re-aponie sto wHttejgeguest f romuohJTTi.tconsumer.SECTION 3. That any person,firm,, company or corporation, orreceiver in charge, or their officers,agents, servants or employees, supplying ' natural gas in Parjs, Kentucky, for heat, light and power,shall install and maintain in goodoperating condition, at least onegraphic recording pressure gauge attheir .regulator station; at theiroffice; at the office of the Chief ofPolice; and shall also equip themselves with at least one additionalgraphic recording pressure gauge,and shall make frequent recordstherewith, each covering intervals ofat least twenty-four hours durationof the gas service pressure at variouspoints on the gas distributing system. All records or charts made bythe gauges shall be identified, datedand' kept on file for 12 months, andbe available for inspection by thecity officials or consumer at anytime.SECTION 4. Thsft any person,firm, company or corporation,or receiver in charge or theirofficers, agents, servants or employees, supplying or furnishing natural gas in Paris, Ky., for heat,power and light, who fail or refuseto furnish natural gas at a pressureor at least 4 ounces to thesquare N inch at the outlet ofconsumer's meter for an aggregateperiod of 48 hours in any one month,shall discount the bills of consumersfor gas furnished during the saidmonth, as liquidated damages andnot as a penalty, 10 per cent, fromthe net amount thereof, and if saidtime that said pressure falls belowsaid four ounces exceeds 48 hours insuch month then said bills shall bediscounted, as liquidated damangesand not as a penalty, an additional 10per cent, for each additional 48 hoursor portion thereof.SECTION 4-A. That it shall beunlawful for any such person, firm,company or corporation or receiver in charge or their officers, agents, servants or employees to interfere with the supplyor refuse to furnish a supply of natural gas and service in connectiontherewith to any consumer for failure to pay for same; provided, suchconsumer tenders, in lawful money,the charge for such natural gas andservice connected therewith at therates, tolls and charges hereinbeforeset forth in Section 1, of this ordinance, less the discount's, if any, setforth in Section 4, of this ordinance.SECTION 5. That any person,firm, company or corporation, orreceiver in charge, or theirofficers fto-pnts. servants or em-ployees furnishing or supplying nat- 1nrnl rro c it T3n ict Trr fy lion 4- YrTTT ILixcbi gcxo xix x alio, ivj., iui ucut, jJirwer and lights shall at their own expense construct and maintain ser-purposes, tovice pipes complete from the mains j Council of the City of Paris, Kento the property lines of the consumer; tii0irV.the consumer to construct, extendand maintain the same thence intohis premises ready for the meter, athis own expense; provided, however,that where the owners of the property consent, said person, firm, company or corporation or their officers,agents, servants or employees, mayat their ,own expense place and maintain at least one service pipe into thepremises to the point of consumption ;and said person, firm, company orcorporation, shall at their own expense supply, place and maintain allgas meters, which shall be of standard make, tested and sealed, and thesame shall be and remain the property of said person, Arm, company ofcorporation. Over 2 per cent, variation, in any time shall be cause for replacement of meter.SECTION 6. That all ordinancesand parts of ordinances in conflictherewith are hereby repealed.SECTION 7. That this ordinanceshall be in full force and effect fromand after its passage and publication.E. B. JANUARY, Mayor.Attest:J. W. HAYDEN, Clerk.An OrdinanceTO FIX AND REGULATE RATES,TOLLS AND CHARGES OF ELECTRICAL ENERGY AND SERVICES IN CONNECTION THEREWITH IN PARIS, KY., AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES ORPARTS OF ORDINANCES INCONFLICT THEREWITH.City Hall, Paris, Ky., July, 16, 1918.BE IT ORDAINED BY THE BOARDOP COUNCIL OF THE CITY OFPARIS, KY.:SECTION 1. That it shall be unlawful for any person, firm, companyor corporation, or receiver incharge, or their officers, agents,servants, or employees supplying or furnishing electrical energy orany service connected therewith tothe inhabitants of Paris, Ky., tocharge, exact, demand or collect forelectrical energy or any service inconnection therewith so supplied orfurnished, more than the rates, tollsand charges, to-wit:For General Lighting ServiceFor the first 20 Kilowatt hours,,or fraction thereof, monthly, at lie.For the 'next 80 Kilowatt hours,or fraction thereof ,' monthly, at 9c.g- - - ;For toe next iuo luiowaii nour,i." niit VtaTar? 'TnhfMv . Cv"TSf"' v ; VaA viT- ; r "J Or IUC UCAl XV V XV1UJVI'V UUUID,or-.fractJdn thereof, monthly, at 7c.j Excess' of 300 Kilowatt hours, orfraction thereof, monthly, at 4&c.1 less "a discount of lc per Kwh. ifHaid on or before the 10th day fol-lOWlug jtauuttiuu. ui unio. vvucuany one meter installed does notshow a consumption of 5 Kwh.monthly the consumer shall pay as aminimum charge 50c net per meterper month. jFor General Power ServiceFor .the first 200 Kilowatt hours,or fraction thereof, monthly, at 7c.For "the next 300 Kilowatt hours,or fraction thereof, monthly, at 6c.For the next"2,500 Kilowatt hours,or fraction thereof, monthly, at 4c.Excess of 3,000 Kilowatt hours,or fraction thereof, monthly, at 3c.Less, a discount of lc per Kwh. ifpaid on or before the 10th day following rendition of 'bills. Minimummonthly-bill, 50c per rated HorsePower, connected, up to 5 Ho'rsePower; all in excess of 5 Hp connected, 25c per Hp connected.SECTION 2. That it shall be unlawful for any person, firm, companyor corporation, or receiver incharge, or their officers, agentsservants or employees to interfere with the supply or refuse tofurnish a supply of electrical energyand service in connection therewithto any consumer for failure to payfor same; provided, such consumertenders, in lawful money, the chargefor such electrical energy and service connected therewith at therates, tolls and charges hereinbeforeset forth in Section 1, of this ordinance. ,SECTION 3. That all ordinancesand parts of ordinances in conflictherewith, are hereby repealed.SECTION 4. That this ordinanceshall be in full force and effect fromand after its passage and publication. E. B. JANUARY, Mayor.Attest:J. W. HAYDEN, Clerk.An OrdinanceTO AMEND AN ORDINANCE PASSED ON THE 11TH DAY OF OCTOBER, 1917, CONCERNINGAND PROVIDING FOR THE ISSUANCE OF BONDS OF THE CITYbF PARIS, KENTUCKY, IN THESUM OF $20,000.00 TO EXTENDTHE SEWER FROM STONER AVENUE TO SOUTH MAIN STREET.City Hall, Paris, Ky., July, 16, 1918.BRIT ORDAINED by the Board ofThat Section1 of an ordinancepassed by the Board of Council ofthe; City of Paris, Kentucky, uponthe 511th day of October, 1917, entitled, "An Ordinance Concerning andProviding for the Issuance of Bondsof the City of Paris in the sum of$20,000.00, Etc." be, and the same ishereby amended, so as to read asfollows :SECTION 1 That the Mayor ishereby authorized and directed tobe prepared bonds of the City ofParis, Kentucky, in the sum of$20,000.00; said bonds to be of thedenojmination of $500,000 each to bedated September 1, 1918, and numbered consecutively from one to fortyand to mature as follows:$1,000.00 November 1, 1920.$1,000.00 November 1, 1921.$1, 000. 00 November 1, 1922.$1,000.00 November 1, 1923.$1,000.00 November 1, 1924.$1,000.00 November 1, 1925.$1,000.00 November 1, 1926.$1,000.00 November 1, 1927.$1,000.00 November 1, 1928.$1,000.00 November 1, 1929.$1,000.00 November 1, 1930.$1,000.00 November 1, 1931.$1,000.00 November 1, 1932.$1,000.00 November 1, 1933. -$1,000.00 November 1, 1934.$1,000.00 November 1, 1935.$1,000.00 November 1, 1936.$1,000.00 November 1, 1937.$1,000.00 November 1, 1938.$1,000.00 November 1, 1939.Said bonds shall bear interest atthe rate of five per cent. (5) perannum, payable semiannually uponthe first day of May and November ofeach year, until the payment of theprincipal thereof.Both principal and interest shallbe payable in gold coin of the UnitedStates of America, of the presentstandard of weight and fineness, atthe "Bank of America, in the City ofNew York, N. Y. Said bonds shall besigned by the Mayor, countersignedby the Clerk of the said City, the sealof the City affixed and the couponsmay bear the fascimile signature ofsaid Clerk.SECTION 2 The Mayor is directed to advertise the sale of said bondsin the official publications in Paris,Kentucky, once a week for two consecutive weeks and in the BondBuyer, which is published in NewYork City, in one issue thereof andto receive sealed bids for said bondsin qpen Council in City Hall, inLADIES'- OUTFITTERS: .. .CLEARANCESALERemnantsOF ALL KINDSGreat ReductionsSuits, Coats, WaistsFRANK & CO.Paris, Kentucky, on Thursday, Aug.8, 1918, at eight o'clock p. m.SECTION 3 Said bonds shall notbe sold for less than par and accruedinterest.SECTION 4 Each bidder shall accopipany his bid with a ceitifiedcheck for five per cent, of the totalamount of his bid, which check shallbe made payable to W. W. Mitchell,Treasurer of the City of Paris, andthe checks of all unsuccessful bidders shall be returned immediately tosuchN bidders, and the check of thesuccessful bidder shall be retainedand such successful bidder shall begiven credit for the amount of suchupon his bid for such bonds.In the event of the successful bidder failing to take said bonds andpay the price bid therefor, said sumof five per cent, will be retained bythe City of Paris as liquidated damages for such failure on the part ofsaid bidder to carry out his contract.SECTION 5 The right is reservedto reject any and all bids.SECTION 6 This ordinance shallbe in full force and effect from andafter its passage and publication asrequired by law.E. B. JANUARY,Mayor of the City of Paris.Attest:J. W. HAYDEN, Clerk.(julyl9-26)Notice of SaleBONDSof$10,000.00 of Sewer Bondsof the City of ParisCity Hall, Paris, Ky., July, 16, 1918.Pursuant to ordinances of theBoard of Council of the City of Paris,sealed bids will be received in openCouncil on Thursday, August 8, 1918,at 8 o'clock p. m., for the sale of$20,000,00 of bonds in the City ofParis, Kentucky, for the purpose ofconstructing a sewer in said city.Said bonds bearing the date of 1stday of September, 1918, and are ofthe denomination of $500.00 each,which number consecutively from 1to 40 and mature as follows, to-wit:$1,000.00 on November 1st, 1920, and$1,000.00 on the first day of November in each succeeding year up to$9.onand including the 1st day of Novem-ber, 1939.Said bonds bear interest at therate of 5 per annum, payable semiannually o-n the first day of May andNovember of each year; principal andinterest payable in gold coin of theUnited States of America, of the present standards of weight and fineness land payable at the Bank of America,in the City of New York.Each bidder is required to accompany his bid with a certified check,for an amount equal to 5 of his bid,payable to W. W. Mitchell, Treasurerof the City of Paris. Checks of allunsuccessful bidders will be returned immediately and the check of thesuccessful bidder will be held andwill apply on the purchase price ofsaid bonds. If the successful bidderfails to carry out his contract to payfor said bonds, said sum of 5 willbe retained as liquidated damagesfor such failure. The right is reserved to reject any and all bids.E. B. JANUARY,Mayor of the City of Paris.Attest:J. W. HAYDEN, Clerk.(julyl9-26)Public SaleFurniture, Carpets, Etc.The Paris Business Men's Clubhaving been discontinued, they willoffer at public sale onSaturday, July 27, 1918,at 2 p. m., on the premises, corner ofFifth and Main streets, the follow-in1 good roll-top officechair;desk and2 leather rockers;1 library table;2 rugs;Several pictures;1 leather couch; - .2 book racks;3 electric fans;1 .round table;1 handsome Mahogany sideboard-1 old-fashioned safe and dishes;2 dozen chairs;54 lockers in two sections strongand well built, locks on same;3 gas stoves;Shower connection for bath, hoodspray, etc.;Awnings,, screens n;nr? -uH,irn-shades.Lots of other things too numerousto mentfon.GEO. DOYLE, 'Secretary Paris Business Men's Club..vV -i -jW-" iVV 3c3,-",' J'tSSJcvV?F "T.'.-y5- '-'"ltfFRIDiLY, JULY lt.tll 4" -THEBOUKBON:f-"?r- -.r-.3v:- T5"A,IArMggjgtefe-f OR THE -ESTNOTHING ELSENOTICE, TAX PAYERS.Under the new law, all taxoaytrs are required ta call atour offices in the Court Houseand give in their tax lists. Theoffice of Assessor has been abolished, and the new law requiresthat you call at the offices ofthe undersigned Tax Commissioners and transact your business In regard to taxes. Wtwill be in our offices every dayuntil further notice for thatpurpose. Call NOW, and avoidpenalties for not doing so. Allproperty owners are required tobring a usi 01 wi- hivf! 3of July 1st to the office.WALTER CLARK,Tax Commissioners for BourbonCounty.JNO. J. REDMON,. Deputy.(2july-tf)SCHOOL INSPECTION POSTPONEDOwing to intervening circumstances the inspection of the recentlycompleted consolidated school building near Centerville, known as theCenter-Hill Consolidated School,scheduled for to-morrow by theBoard of Education, has been postponed until Saturday. July 27.la s TaRESIGNS AETER EIGHTEENYEARS OE SERVICE.Mr. Charles Sauer, who for thepast eighteen years has been in theemploy of Mr. J. T. Hinton and thej. T. Hinton Co., as interior decorator, has resigned his position. Mr.Sauer will go into business for himcelf at sometime in the near future.is la is-SCHOOL BOARD CHANGES.At a recent meeting of the CityBoard of Eeducation, Mr. John F.Davis, of J. W. Davis & Co., was se1 a o mamtior nf the Board. Hesucceeds Mr. C. O. Hinton, who resigned to engage in Y. M. C. A. warwork witb the American Expeditionary Forces in France.,At the same meeting a DomesticScience department was created, withMiss Nell Marrs, of Lawrenceburg, asinstructor. Miss Marr's salary wasplaced at $75 per month. She willassume her position as a member ofthe Higb School faculty at the reopening of the school term in September. la fcs 3B. OE R. T. MEETING.The local division, Brotherhood ofRailway Trainmen, will hold theirregular meeting at the Knights ol-o,r,,-c onstiP. Wall, third floor of theWilson. Building, corner of Mam andThird streets, Sunday afternoon. Allmembers are requested to be present, and take part in the work.MARGOIOTS SPECIALS FOR THISWEEK READ ?EM OVER.Pure hog lard In 25 pound cans at27 cents per pound. Special for thisweek only. 9QPic-nic sugar-cured hams at zcents per pound, for this week only.This is your chance to buy the bestat a great saving. Take advantageof these specials NOW, as they willbe higher next week. ,.,MARGOLEN'S SANITARY MEATMARKET. (16-2t)DELEGATES ELECTED.Bourbon Council, Junior OrderUnited American Mechanics, at itsregular meeting, elected A. R. Dennison and G. M. Turner as delegates,with R. C. Foster, as alternate, toattend the meeting of the GrandLodge at Louisville during the weekof the State Fair. This Council nowhas eleven members out of a total ofseventy-three in the United Statesservice.la ta paBUY PEACHES NOW THEY WILLBE HIGHER. -Now is the time to buy peaches ifyou want any. They will be higherlater. We have plenty now, butdon't know how long they will last.Anyhow, they will cost more later.(It). C. P. COOK & CO.la is taHNE LINE OF NEW ENGRAVEDSAMPLES JUST IN.THE NEWS has just received fromthe Jenner Co., of Louisville, one ofthe most noted engraving houses inAmerica, a fine new line of samplesof engraved goods, for which thishouse is justly famous. These samples can be seen at THE NEWSoffice by those in need of anythingin the way of engraved stationery,etc. We reproduce a letter frqm theJenner Company, accompanying theirelegant line of samples:"Louisville, Ky., July IS, 1918."THE NEWS, Paris, Ky."We are going to take pains wealways try to do this with our goodfriends and customers, some time weslip to send you a nice variety ofsamples, just such a- line as withwhich practically we supply our verylargest customers, but we feel thatyou will take care of them in a waythat will result to our mutual benefit. "Paris, we know, used to be agood society town, and, wTe believe,that with this lot of samples you will,at least, get your share of the business and hope that you will get morethan your share, and we want you toKllnW illof -m- 4-V.r.t- -.v -nrill rrloriltrjuoi UUWt lUdl WG nm, fc""--juo anything in the world we can forYon in an effort to co-operate withyou."With kind regards,"THE JENNER CO."SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.ComiHci Mid Goisgs' of OurPeople Htre, There andElsewhere.Mrs. Mary Young, of Nicholasville, is a guest'of Miss Susan Letton,in this city.Mr. and Mrs. Henry J. Groscheare at West Baden, Indiana, for atwo-weeks' stay.Mrs. John Woodford, of Paris,is visiting her father, Mr. John VanMeter, in Danville.Mr. and Mrs. Jo Varden werein Cincinnati, Tuesday, on a combined business and pleasure trip.Mr. Robert , P. Walsh, of theWalsh Clothing ,store, was in Mt.Sterling yesterday on business.Mrs. Marion Buchanan anddaughter, Mrs. Margaret Merrick,have ,moved to Covington to reside.Miss VaUette McClintock hasgone to LakeChautauqua, New York,to spend the remainder of the summer.Mrs. Katherine Davis Craig, ofParis, is a guest of Miss Mary Herndon for the .Chautauqua in Georgetown. Miss Lula Wiljmott, of Hutchison, is a guest of Mrs. Smith Wil-mott during the Chautauaua atGeorgetown.. Mrs, James Crawford and son,Millard, of Harmon avenue, areguests of relatives at flyers, in Nicholas county.Mrs. S. E. McClanahan has returned from a visit to the family ofher father, Mr. Win. H. Faris, inPlemingsburg.Miss Ethel Buchanan has returned from a visit to Camp ZacharyTaylor, near Louisville, where herbrother is stationed.Mrs. Minnie Mclntyre and "littledaughter, Miss Thelma Mclntyre, arevisiting Mr. and Mrs. Neal Ballenger,at Lower Blue Licks, in Nicholascounty.Mayor E. B. January attendeda meeting of the Executive Board ofthe Odd Fellows' Widows' and Orphans' Home, at Lexington, yesterdayafternoon.Mrs. Sallies McMillan, of Lexington, is a guest'of her daughter, Mrs.Jo Varden, and her sons, Judge Chas.A. McMillan and Dr. Raymond McMillan, in this city.Mrs. Gilbert Lytle and littledaughter, Edna Garrett, are guests ofMrs. Lytle's parents, Mr. and Mrs.John Mansfield, in Danville. Tlieywill be joined in Danville, Sunday,by Mr. Lytle.Miss Helen Edwards has returned from a two-weeks' visit to relatives in Richmond, Va. She was accompanied by her cousin, Miss MaryLouise Howard, who will be herguest.Mr. and Mrs. Joe Watts and little son, Master Jack, also Miss EttaCrockett, all of Covington, Ky., motored to Paris, Sunday, and spent theday with Mrs. Ida W. Snyder, ofEast Eighth street.Mr. and Mrs. Matt Clay andMisses Lula Caldwell Thomas andAnn Thomas have returned to theirhomes in Mt. Sterling after a visitto Mr. George R. Davis and daughter, Mrs. William Swearengen, in,this city. ,Mr. Robert Turner, who is a patient at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, following a recentoperation for appendicitis, is slightlyimproved. Mr. Turner as under thecare of Mrs. Carrie F. Stone, trainednurse.Miss Mary Fithian Hutchcraftentertained at her home on Secondstreet, in compliment to Miss Elizabeth Brown, a bride-elect. Miss Elizabeth Crutcher gave a "handkerchief shower" last night at her homeon Stoner avenue in honor of MissBrown.P. J. McCord and T. A. Williams,of Paris, attended the unfurling of aservice flag by Bethesda Encampment, I. O. 0. F., in Lexington, Monday night. Mr. McCord is GrandChief Patriarch of the Kentucky Encampment of the I. O. O. F.In Lexington, to the wife of Mr.W. R. Clinkenbeard, a son, namedJohn Edward, in honor of his twograndfathers. The mother was formerly Miss Nell Hadden, of Winchester and Lexington. Mr. Clinkenbeard was for some time a resident of Paris, where he was ticketagent in the Louisville & NashvilleCynthiana Democrat: "MissHelen Dedman is visiting in Paris . . .Miss Elizabeth Curie is visiting heraunt, Mrs. J. 0. Marshall, in Paris. . .Miss Sarah Curie has returned froma visit to her aunt, Mrs. J. O. Marshall, in Paris Rev. and Mrs. J.Taylor Sharrard, have moved to theformer Amende house on the Griffithplace, near Broadwell, this county,where they will spend the remainderof the summer.Mr. Phil Paynter, of Birmingham, Alabama, a member of thereportorial force of the BirminghamDaily Advance, was a recent visitorin Paris. Mr. Paynter, who was for-mri-a-Tirivntfi secretary to Capt.Richard P. Hopkins, came to Kentucky to confer with his formerchief with reference to business matters Through a misunderstanding ofnames Mr. Paynter went to Middlesboro, instead of Millersburg, whereCapt. Hobson spoke at the Chautauqua. He met Hobson at Falmouth and will accompany him onpart of his lecturing tour.Miss Elizabeth Crutcher gave a"hide-and-seek handkerchief showerlast night at the home bf Mrs. Georgia Webb and Miss Nellie Fithian, onStoner avenue, in honor of Miss Elizabeth Brown, who is soon to becomethe bride of Rev. J. J. Rice, pastor ofthe Paris Presbyterian church. Alarge number of guests responded toinvitations to be present, and spenta delightful evening with the hostessYesterday afternoon the fair brideelect was tendered a reception by theladies of the Presbyterian churchthe happy event taking place m thenew church edifice which is aboutcompleted. A large number of guestsattneded the reception, and joinedin pre-nuptial congratulations toMiss Brown and Rev. Rice, felicitating them upon their coming wedding.(Other Personals on Page 3.)HAIL INSURANCE.Incur ywr tobacco ic!nithall with Thomas, WoMfordBryan. ' Prompt, paying cam-parties.(june25-tf)Did You Take It?The party who took a handsomesilk umbrella from the Alamo Theatre between 4:00 and 5:00 o'clockyesterday afternoon, whether by mistake or intentionally isv requested toreturn same to the box office. Noquestions asked. (It)For SaleFive-passenger Reo Touring Car.Six good tires. 'Car is in excellentmechanical condition and a bargainfor cash if sold at once.JOHN M. CLAY,(2-pd) ' Route 7, Paris, Ky.WANTEDMiddle aged lady for night operator. Good opportunity for right person. PARI HOME TEL. & TEL. CO.,(Incorporated)(17-3t) W. H. Cannon, Mgr.FOR SALEA 5-room residence, with electriclight and gas in all the rooms; bath,etc., on Vine street, adjoining theresidence of W. H. Whitley. Theplace is in first-class condition.Apply toJ. T. HINTON,(19jy-3t-F) Either phone.Removal Notice!Dr. W. R. Franklin has moved hisoffice from 520 Main street, to Suite 5and 6, in the First National Bankbuilding, and is prepared to handlehis largely increasing trade in amanner that will be highly satisfactory to the, (most exacting. Dr.Franklin furnishes glasses for theeyes and has no side lines. He is agraduate in his profession and knowswhat he is doing. Don't take chanceswith the eyes, you can only have onepair. (It)FINAL NOTICE!Those who have not complied withthe law as to the cleaning of vaults,privies and cess pools are now notified that for the next 10 days theymay secure the services of Ben Hawkins, who has returned to Paris forthe above specified time and -may befound at the residence of CharlesBishop, colored, on Seventh street,Cumb. phone 515.This notice is important and thosewho have not obeyed the orders ofthe Health Board will be proceededagainst according to law.A. H. KELLER,' City Health OfficerRv order f!it.v "Board of Health.in A4. "V. J-JJ-rttLATESTQ, R. SPLAYERROLLSMfKeep the Home Fires Burning. There's a Long, Long Trail.Over There.They're All Out of Step ButGod Be With Our Boys.Are You From Heaven?My American Rose.Undertaker Blues.Daugherty Bros.Fifth and MainKodaks VictrolasPlayer Pianosi j'NOW-w SM .ILI II MNh llli I Nffll 111'Ginghams30c quality, per yard 24c35c quality, per yard 29c40c quality, per yard 32c50c quality, per yard 38c59c quality, per yard 48c1 Lot of Ladies'LinenHandkerchiefs3 for 10cSILK HOSESOc values at.ONE LOT OFLadies' 25c VestsatAll goods sold for cash. Nothing on approval, to bereturned or exchanged.HARRY SIMONr a rIBIG SPECIAL SALE'IAt 9K0 O'clock4 iT7 iiiTZ1. Tjf" w )C 4 i r1 ip wou !..Il-5rt I 1 C'sSee the Big-41WindowDisplay!I5IOnly one sold to eachcustomer.None sold before the dayof sale.No phone orders will beaccepted.None sent C. 0. D.Bf Hurp On TimPoe Iiere UD lime, ITHEJ.T.HINT0NC0."EITHERPtiONE9'ww w m r-.GOINGWash Rags3c20c25c35a45c59cHope Cotton24c75c$1.00per yardBELDING SILK THREAD100 yards to spool9c eachor 3 for 25c39cPERCALEper yardBRASSIERES50c values at 39c$1.00 values at 79c15cMAIN STREET, PARIS, KY.1 A WONDERFUL BARGAIN? f 1You will be sure to admit that this is a wonderful bargain.You will wonder how it is possible to secure such splendidsweepers to sell at such a low price. It is merely anotherdemonstration to give our patrons the advantage of everyspecial purchase we make, having secured 50 of these sweepers from one of the largest manufacturers in the country as abig special sale feature offering. $3.00 won't buy a bettersweeper. Made of steel; light in weight, but very strong.The HYGENO sweepers are handsome, having beautiful raihogany baked enamel finish and Trickle trimmings.Don't Fail to See Them on Display inOur Window.Just the intense interest "being manifested in the displayand the comments on the very low price of only 98 cents, therewill be a quick sale of this lot of 50 HYGENO sweepers.x,eu-emL;r uniy uv ui tnese sweepers in mis sale, ana it youappreciate a Dig Dargam ana want to oJDtain your sweeper it isessential that you be here Dronmtlv at 9 o'clock TVmrcdoirmorning. Positively none sold before this time. At 98 centsthey will go like hot cakes. No phone orders, none sentC. 0. D. and none charged.36O N ! 1White Goods )quality at 1 6c.quality at 2lquality at 28c.quality at 37t-cquality at. . ; 48Dquality at 59ciquality at 79c1 Lot of Ladies'Handkerchiefs29cww-JtiM it1i::to ?IIEm .IK .-2:1 llSIXTH AND MAIN STS.'OrVI jft' - -THE BOUBBON Njgrg PAMS,IYFRIDAY, JULY 19, lilf, 1V-W V Vj iMOJCKX --ivwJPEEL T-TTTR GIVING UPX&ay Paris People On the Verge ofCollapse.A bad back makes you miserableall the timeLame every morning; sore all day.It hurts to stoop is hurts tostraighten.What -with headache, dizzy spells,urinary weakness-No wonder people are discouiaged.Who do not know the kidneys maybe the cause of it all?Give the weakened kidneys needful help.Use a tested and proven kidneyremedy.None endorsed like Doan's KidneyPills.Mrs. John Mastin, 1439 Highstreet, Paris, says: "I have usedDoan's Kidney Pills with good results and I know from the help theygave me that they would be just asbeneficial in other cases of kidneytrouble. I had a dead, dull acheacross the small of my back and mykidneys acted irregularly. Doan'sKidney Pills rid me of those complaints and if I should need a kidneyremedy again, I would certainly takeDoan's."Mrs. Mastin is only one of many iParis people who have gratefully endorsed Doan's Kidney Pills. If your"back aches, if your kidneys botheryou, don't simply ask for a kidneyremedy ask distinctly for Doan'sKidney Pills, the same that Mrs.Mastin had the remedy backed bynome testimony. 60 cents at allstores. Foster-Milburn Co., Props.,Buffalo, N. Y. "When Your Back isLame, Remember the Name."(adv.)ja T3i EsWhen a half dozen men start tobragging in a kaif you will neversee more than six liars in the crowd,more than six liars in the crowd.j!gl jug )2rCHAMBERLAIFS TABLETS."These tablets are intended especially for stomach troubles, biliousness and constipation. If you haveany trouble of this sort, give them atrial and realize for yourself what afirst class medicine will do for you.They only cost a quarter.( ad v-July)C K mA writer in a Louisville paper saysthat there are some fine lookingcalves in the Bluegrass section ofKentucky now. What sort of calvesdo you reckon he means?MARGOLEN'SAll fruitsVegetablefishand Meat sare kept inside our store inseparate refrigerators everything screened and freefrom dust and flies.Buy where edibles arekept in a sanitary manner. Our service isprompt.MARGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketWHEN YOU BUYYOU WANT YOURMONEY'S WORTH !Cheap breeze is more important to you than cheap fans; because the fans are paid for once,the breeze continually.Ukstittgbdiise fanshave Droved their ability to givethe most breeze for the least expenditure, and for this reasonare money savers.Paris Gas & Electric Co(iBoccftcalti) " ; .i7 ) rwS!!F fAMERICA'S BIG ARMY PUT INHELD ON RECORD TIME.' Reduction by half of the time itwas originally estimated it wouldtake to put America's first field armyin France, was disclosed with theformal announcement by GeneralI March that three full army corps hadbeen organized by General Pershingand that the number of soldiers sentoverseas now numbered more than1,100,000.The eighteen divisions comprisingthe corps, consisting of four regular,nine national guard and five nationalarmy divisional units, probably willcompose the first army which, withsupplemented army troops such asheavy artillery, will total a millionmen.Instead of one field army on January 1, 1919, as originally planned,it now appears probable that twosuch armies will be operating inFrance by ttiat time backed by fullAmerican built and maintained supply lines. The great project of es-tablishing the American army as theright flank of the battle line willthen be within sight.General March said organizationof the first field army had not yetbeen completed.The formation ofthe three corps, however, and hisannouncement that troop movementsto France were proceeding at thesame astonishing rate that has beenthe rule for the last three months,made the American military programclear.3 mPAPER WASTAGE BY THE GOVERNMENT POINTED OUT.A committee of the Eastern papermanufacturers has sounded whatseems to be a long-neglected notewith the purpose of revealing theshortage of white paper, now growing daily more acute. Paper wastage,the committee declares, is extravagant and unchecked except for theefforts of the newspaper publishers.The Government itself is one of thechief offenders. Thousands of poundsof paper are used in Government circulars, printed on one side only andmailed in large envelopes, which, bypossibly half of their recipients, arethrown unopened into waste-paperbaskets. "Security leagues," andsimilar organizations waste tons ofpaper in this way, also, far. exceeding the Government in the extent oftheir futile and unnecessary mail circulations. Among the suggestions broughtforward lately by paper men for aiding the market is that all laid papersbe eliminated, special finishes suchas linen or vellum be dispensed with,bond papers be limited to five grades,colors be reduced, maximum weightbases established and all special orders be made only on a substanceweight basis and only on orders for10,000 pounds or pore of a specialsize.There is great waste of all kindsof paper according to many dealers.Writing on one side of note ,paper,for instance, and using long sheetswhen short ones would do is -prac-ticed everywhere. Wrapping paper istossed away after being used onceaway after being used once iand the pieces are virtually too largefor the bundles. When a butcher Islaps a minute bit of steak into a 'sheet of paper big enough to carpeta parlor floor he may be making the Jpackage look as though it were worththe small fortune paid for it, but hecertainly is not conserving paper.fe TS SPIG CLUB BOYS TO TAKE TRIP iTO STATE PAIR.' jThe arrangement for another Farm 'u. nnmnm of h otta w.jjujo uu.vo.iMjiiiv.ub ai ui uia.it i' uii ,September 9 to 14, inclusive, hasbeen made. One boy from thf Boys'Agricultural Club in each county willbe chosen as a representative andwill receive this trip with all expenses paid, including railroadfare, 'board and lodging for the week.This boy will be selected by theGounty Agent, Mr. L. S. Bobbins, notlater than August 15th. This, however does not preclude the selectionof a boy later on for a trip to theState Fair because of the boy havingthe best pig at the Pig Club Show ofthe county. The boy to be selectedAugust the 15th will be the one thathas taken the greatest interest inthe development of his pig and haskept his record book in the bestshape. It is probable that an Agricultural Board of Control will be organized in "this county soon and thatthe selection of this boy may be turned over to the committee. The latterpart of August the Pig Club Showwill be held in the county and theboys in the Pig Club are now striving to see which can come out winner in the exhibit. A Money prizes anda trip to the State Fair are held outas premiums to the winners. It is'hoped, however, that a good manyboys and girls from this county,whether they are winners or not willdecide to compete for the thousanddollars in premiums offered at theState Fair on exhibits of pigs, calves,sheep, spy beans, potatoes, corn, etc.?YJLCJLM IS ,THEIR HANG OUTYanks Travel ,Many MilesSpend Evening in theClub.toSOMEBODY ALWAYS ON JOBY' Guy" Can Be Depended Upon toGet Move On in Emergency MenMade to Feel Perfectly Freeand Unrestrained.ByCLARENCE BUDINGTONKEL-LAND.Paris. Thirty sailors off an American war vessel hired a motor truck anddrove nine miles to get to the Y. M. &A. club in a famous French city. I Asked them why."Because it's a regular hangout," oneof them said, and another added, "Because you get white bread with butteron It, and eggs fried on both sides andcoffee with piano accompaniment."As soon as I broke into the place I! found why men would ride nine mileson a truck to loaf there from eight until eleven.It wasn't the sort of place folks inthe United States imagine a Y. M. aA. to be. It was a swelteringly hotnight, and the broad front steps werelined from end to end with men inkhaki and men in navy blue. Theywere gassing and smoking until theplace looked as if the captain hadordered a smoke screen to help himthrough the submarine zone.From the street you could hear apiano doing business and a lot moremen in uniform howling, "Joan ofArc." If the mothers of these boyscould have heard that racket theirhearts would have dropped off a poundof weight and increased their beat byten to the second. They sang as ifthey were glad to be alive.Right on the Job.And then somebody busted up thegame. A sailorman came in and madethe announcement that the driver oftheir truck refused to take them backto quarters again, and it was a walk'of nine miles on a hot night, or aBtretch in the brig for them. GloomDescended. Then somebody turnedaround and bellowed, "Where's one ofthem 4Y guys?' "A "Y" guy happened to be on thespot and In a second he was surrounded, not by a crowd of men who wereangry or In a mood to demand something, but by fellows who were mightycourteous in an unpleasant situation.That was something worth remarking,and It made you sort of glad to bel1around.iThey put the thing up to the "Y"guy and one fellow said sort of bashful-like,"We don't want to act like wewas puttin this up to you. 'Tain'tyour fault, but "It was apparent they had gotten theIdea somehow that you could dependon a "Y" guy to get a move on him, andthe "Y" guy allowed as much."Sure, it's up to us," he said, "that'swhy we're here."Inside of twenty minutes he wasback with a big truck with a red tri-1 angle on the side of it.- He tucked the('thirty sailormen Into It and off the"went to keeP eir appointment with:L " ,., , .jliiui, quiit; iitt.eiy, ib uue reason wilythey rode nine miles to spend an eve-ng in the Y M c A beCause theyknew somebody was on the job.Like You Owned the Place,Another reason is that you don't haveto knock, show a ticket, wiggle yourfirst finger or roll over and play dead'to get In. You Just walk in like youwere there to foreclose a first mortgage on the place.wnen you walk through the front-door you don't run into a lecture hall,though there is one upstairs, and theodr that comes to yur nose ISQ,t theodor of sanctity. It's the smell offried eggs. The cafeteria is the firstthing you meet, and if you are wiseyou get acquainted with it and stayacquainted while you are in this locality, for it is the best and cheapestplace to eat in town. I know becausetried several.The most Impressive thing about itis the complete absence of an ostentatious welcome. You just help yourself and nobody says a word. Youwander in and eat and wipe yourmouth on your sleeve and hike upstairsto mess around on a piano or writea letter or play billiards, or to do asyou doggone please. You are free.To be able to make a huge number ofmen feel perfectly free and unrestrained and at home is quite some little accomplishment. I haven't had time tofind out how it is done, but the nexttime I have a party at my house I'm Jgoing to try It on. It's the real thing Iin hospitality.SURPRISE FOR CHURCH FOLKSCalled an Hour Earlier for PrayerMeeting and Set to DiggingDandelions.Denver, Colo. Every member ofj City Park Baptist church was urgentlyrequested to attend a special mid-weekprayer meeting and to be on hand anhour earlier than usual. When the"worshipers" arrived the pastor produced an old case knife for each member, pointed to a church lawri badlycluttered by dandelions and told menand women alike to get busy. At theend of an hour of dfllJing the lawn waclear of weeds.An Ajyt rt4i:pw;"tarn kJUl not Tt hn ahlanachortfcoi tkktwoaldttota &iIB tTy instance. "Familiarity breedootttnpt$f 'they aay. Brtiyrnotablepoet, eaamylst or artist whatsoever haslati: a tribute to his mother, either bypersonal tribute, or dedication "orthrough symbolism, of love for hismother. Yetjno other mag has everfound such expression, however sublime, that could measure up to hisown Idea of his mother's virtues. Andwhere Is familiarity so pronounced asbetween mother and son? SeattlePoet Intelligencer.T . w .vr , , . . - 0wTeeth to Blame.The worst criminals seem to be theteeth. The Paris Medical takes a newfling at them, blaming them for sinsusually charged to wronged, misjudgedtuberculosis. "Baude insists that withenlarged glands in the neck, the primary lesion should be sought In theteeth, before incriminating the tubercle bacilli, and urges that the physldan should insist on the teeth beingput In order as an indispensable element of whatever treatment he is Instituting.".J-..To Reduce Flesh.To reduce superfluous fat you mustwork. Your path will wind throughmany lanes of self-sacrifice before yourmirror will give back the coveted willowy Image. Your attainment of theideal will mean hot work, too, forvigorous exercise is necessary. A dailywalk of five miles should not be excessive if you are In good condition.Give a fair trial to the tonic baths sohelpful for many girls who complainof "tired feelings."Ornamental Trees.As ornamental trees the Japaneseand Chinese persimmons are entitledto high rank. When the trees are infull leaf they are handsome withoutother adornment. The trees loadedwith orange and orange-red fruits areamong the most striking objects inthe garden. All thrive In California,and not elsewhere except In somesouthern states.Population of the Earth.In 1787 the population of the earth,according to Busching, was about 1,000,000,000; In 1800, according toFabrI and Stein, only 900,000,000; in1833, according to Stein and Horschelman, 872,000,000. In 1858 Dletrici estimated it at 1,266,000,000 and Kolb,in 1865, at 1,220,000,000. According tothe latest calculations the earth is inhabited by 1,400,000,000 human beings.Where Sardines Are Found.Sardines are abundantly found offthe Gallcian, Andalusian and Canta-brlan coasts. This fish varies in lengthfrom approximately 4 to 7 inches- souweighs from 24 to 68 grams (0.864( to' 2-398 ounces) ; occasionally largerspecimens are caught.Explained.Willis "What caused the row between Bump and his wife?" Gillis"They went out to a theater last nightand Bump hired a taxi to take themhome. When the driver asked himwhere to, Bump said, 'Home,' and thedriver said, 'Which one?'" Judge.What They Left Behind. "We know of a lot of men who didn'tleave much behind them in the wayof actual cash accumulated but theydid leave families rich in the memoriesof the happiness they had while theywere alive.Absorbing the Sun's Heat.According to an Italian scientist'sfigures a square mile of the earth'ssurface in six hours of sunshine receives heat equivalent to the combustion of more than 2,600 tons of coal.A Pathetic Figure.When a woman who married a manto reform him lives to be sixty yearsold without becoming a widow, she isabout as pathetic a picture of animated weariness as one ever sees.War Macaroni.Somebody Is complaining of the sizeof the war macaroni. We have alwayspreferred the 44-calibre kind to thesort they call wermicelli, as SamivelWeller would say.Armament of the Monitor.The armament of 'the Monitor, whichdefeated the Merrimac, consisted oftwo eleven-Inch guns, throwing 180-pound shot.The Better Way.It is better to worry about whatmay happen and get busy to preventit than to spend a lifetime worryingafter it has happened.Method."How did you get the reputation ofbeing so wise?" "I talk with a mantill I discover something he doesn'tknow anything about. Then I pretendto explain it to him." WashingtonStar.,'xg"A Test of Time.Another way in which a man cantell when he's getting along in yearsis by noticing whether a reference tothe veterans of '98 sounds at all funnyto him or not aE. ugh to Go Around.Don't imagine that you're gettingall the hard -luck or all the good luck,because that never happened to any-jjody, and-never will.(fflv && m iwwwmstmww aw"4tji. w- vL. - mmaB'IV'W-i xV f TRADEMARKSlfe MADE UNDERSpecialSUMMEROn Porch Shades and AllSummer GoodsNEW ICEBERG REFRIGERATORSSAVE ICEJust a few left at a bis savins in price.NEWPROCESSSAVE GASLet us put one up for you.NEW PROCESS OIL STOVES AT ASPECIAL PRICEduring the hot days. Let us show youhow much you can save on each thinsyou buy.A. F. WheelerChas. Green, ManagerXjheiPenctletonShop135 EAST MAIN ST., OPP. PHOENIX HOTELLEXINGTON, KENTUCKYWe Extend a Cordial Invitationto Visit Our New Store,and Solicit YourPatronageGOWNSSUITSxGO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, ParisJKyA MAN AND HIS WIFELEVY, THE, DRY CLEANERvtuiiujcriuarnone wJTVKfT2i f- m L jPATENT UCENSE "SALEGASSTOVESFurniture Co.Opposite Court House'AI4SATS1emay both derive saiisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings us.TsSay, H w. nAS.3Lv9?w.u, XJU IQJt;Kf-frvtfv '-&rhiPRIDAY, JULY 19, 1918.THE BOTOBOK SEWS, PABIS, rEKTTTCKT. (nTT12?AGI KETX.AMERICAN TBOOPS SHOWING ItBlRESHTOS EA7ES "FIXED FOBSOCHES -SOME TRICKS.BOUBBON PABMEBS.ON THE FRENCH FRONT INFRANCE, July 18. It was a brilliant operation in which the American troops ejected the enemy fromthe positions he had gained temporarily on the southern side of theMarne. The Americans counter-attacked vigorously Tuesday evening !with remarkable dash, throwing theGermans hack across the near Fossoy.Earlier in the day this part of theline had been the scene of the mostdesperate fighting, when the Germansstarted to throw pontoons across thestream. A few German elements atfirst succeeded in getting over inboats, chasing the allied troops awayfrom the banks, while the German engineers began to lay the bridges. Sixof these bridges formed a latticework and rapidly joined the banks oneither side. Two of the bridges weremost substantial structures and between twenty and thirty feet inwidth.French airplanes played greathavoc in the German ranks while thebridges were under construction.One bonibing squadron flying at aheight of 200 metres, dropped bombson two of thesebridges while enemytroops were crossing. The bridgeswere broken and the soldiers thrownin the river. The aviators constantlybombed the other bridges and didgreat execution among the Germans Ion the bridges as wen as on tnebanks where the enemy was concentrated in great masses.PARIS, July 18. The battle continued violently, especially south ofMarne there was no change in the sitChatillon. Except for one sector south of theMarne there is no change in the situation. American and French troops werecounter-attacking magnificently andtaking many prisoners, accordingto the statement issued by the waroffice.South of the Marne, the Germanshave not been able to advance theirline beyond St. Agnan, La Chapelle,Monthonon, Lisieres and south of theforest of Bouquigny. The French inthis region have taken a thousandAt a meeting ,of representativefarmers of this county, held in thiscity, an agreement was made whereby a fixed rate of twenty-five centsper bushel for threshing wheat,where the coal for the engines wasfurnished by the farmers, was established. It has been ascertained throughthe investigation of a number of interested parties, that Mr. J. C. Scobee, of Clark county, had been making a charge of as high as thirty-fivecents per bushel for threshing wheatin this county, the farmers in manyinstances agreeing to pay the highprice rather than take the risk ofhaving their wheat spoiled by the frequent rains.On Tuesday a number of farmersdrove to the farm of Mr. Allie G.Jones, near North Middletown, whereMr. Scobee's machines were at workand presented the matter to Mr. Scobee from their viewpoint. At the request of the committee, Mr. Scobeeentered into an agreement, whichwas signed by him, in which heagreed to meet the new rate that hadbeen established by the Bourboncounty farmers. The agreement wasas follows:"I agree to thresh wheat in Bourbon county for twenty-cents perbushel, and three and one-half centsfor fuel, and' I also agree not to accept a bonus of any nature from anyone. "J; C. SCOBEE."The committee was composed of thefollowing: A. B. Hancock, Sam Clay,John Woodford, Woodford Buckner,Edward Burke, J. W. Jones, M. J.Lavin, James M. Caldwell, LawrenceMitchell, Will G. McClintock, John T.Collins, Ben Woodford, Sr., and JohnJ. Redmon.S fe ISCUT TIME ON SHIPSNew Record for Rapid Construction Is Set.GBEAT LAKES NAVAL STATIONBAND COMING TO PAEIS.In the last issue of THE NEWS.appeared an item regarding the probable visit to this city soon of theGreat Lakes Naval Training StationBand, which is making a tour of Ken-. . -I 4-wa1w X -H j-k JMlAwArt . am 1 rv stv rOn the front east of Rheims, in ' J-" " Jlul'' UJ- ""spite of terrific fighting during the,m ne United States navy. It waspast day and night the enemy has not known positively at that time justnot been able to penetrate the French when he band would visit this seczone of defense j tlon tte state DUt tne announce-The German 'loss in prisoners dur-!ment was made from the bandstanding the first day of the battle was ex- -M a representative that it would beBaltimore Shipbuilding Company Reduces the Present Averageby Half.Washington. In its effort to set anew record for rapid ship construction,the Baltimore Dry Dock and Shipbuilding company has cut in half the present average time for construction ofcontract steel ships. This average forthe 12 contract steels ships built todate is 130 5-6 days.In prewar days a year was regardedas fast time for building a steel vesselof or above 6,000 tons.The ten fastest built vessels for theshipping board have averaged 999-10days between keel laying and delivery.The 5,500-ton collier Tuckahoe, recordholder in this or any other year, wasbuilt In 37 days. On the list of theten fastest built ships the slowest timewas 119 days. Here is the list :Tuckahoe, 5,500 tons, New YorkShipbuilding company, 37 days.West Lianga, 8,800 tons, Skinner &'Eddy corporation, Seattle, 78 days.West Alsek, 8,800 tons, Skinner &Eddy corporation, Seattle, 92 days.Osslneke, 8,571 tons, Skinner & Eddy corporation, Seattle, 108 days.West Durfee, 8,800 tons, Skinner &Eddy corporation, Seattle, 111 days.Canoga, 8,548 tons, Skinner & Eddycorporation, Seattle 112 days.Westgrove, 8,800 tons, ColumbiaRiver S. B. Co., Seattle, 112 days.Western Queen, 8,800 tons, Skinner& Eddy corporation, Seattle, 113 days.Lake Huron, 3,100 tons, American S.B. Co., Chicago, 117 days.Lake Forest, 3,100 tons, American S.B. Co. Chicago 119 days.On the Pacific coast the five vesselsbuilt In the fastest time have averaged1001-5 days between keel laying anddelivery; on the Great Lakes, 1242-5days; on the Atlantic coast, 2091-5days.I Saw in the Paper.'1 have just learned of a new way-;!to remove a scorch from linen," saidabout it," requested the woman whodid not know."It is a little troublesome at firstYou put two ounces of fuller's earthinto a pan, add half an ounce of whitesoap, the juice of two large onionsand half a pint of vinegar. You boilthis together for a few minutes, thenyou put in a covered vessel for future use. When you have a scorch, youspread this mixture on it with a knife.Let it dry on the cloth and the stainwill disappear"Bielneee Courteey.A business man rises to welcome hiswife or a woman friend or a womanrelative who visits him at his office,but he does not rise to greet his stenographer or other woman employees.No business woman is justified in resenting this distinction. The customcannot be construed to mean that theman does not respect his women employees highly. It simply means thatin the business world, as nowhereelse, women and men. are all humanbeings working together, and on muchthe same plane of courtesy.tremely heavy.The text of the statement reads:"The battle continues with redoubled violence. Between Chateau Thierry and Rheims the enemy is launching furious attacks. The combats areparticulary violent south of theMarne and in the region of Chatilion. "French and American troops areresisting magnificently andter-attacking many tidies with the utmost vigor.'South of the Marne the Germansvery soon.Mr. Rudolph Davis, of Paris, always in the forefront of things enterprising, visited Louisville, Wednesday on business, and while therpaid a visit to the headquarters ofthe organization, where, after consultation with Bandmaster Smith, hemade arrangements for the appearance of the band in Paris. While thecoun-' date, was not .specified, it was statedthat it would be some time nextweek. Mr. Davis called .THE NEWSby long distance phone yesterdayWEST POINT GRADUATENovel Treatment.A whirlpool bath Is the novel treatment applied at a hospital in Manchester, England, for cases of rheumatism,following typhoid and dysentery. Thetank, large enough for 12 men, contains 4 feet of water and is providedwith seats on which the bathers areImmersed to their necks. The temperature is kept at 93 degrees Fahrenheit,just below that of the body. The roomIs quiet and dimly lighted, and afteran hour in the bath the men go torest rooms."V H .IF YOU ARE THINKING ABOUT APIPELESS FURNACE" LET US FIGURE WITH YOUSatisfaction guaranteed. We are ageaU for theLAUREL FURNACE. None better made. -We are also exclusive agents for theViking Cream SeparatorsCall and let us show them J.o you.LOWRY&MAYBy a Long Path."All that we possess has come to usby a long path. There is no instantaneous liberty or wisdom, language orreligion." Even that which comes tous as a sudden revelation is but theopening of our eyes or minds to behold that .which has long been begunby toil and struggle. It reaches us asthe sunlight does in the morning, whenit has travelled around the world.have not been able to advance their ' morning, and gave the welcome in-lines beyond St, Agnan, La, Chapelle,Monthonon, Lisliere's and south of theforest of Bouquigny. In this regionthe French have taken 1,000 prisoners. Mareull-le-Port, on the Marnesouth of Chatillon, is held by theFrench."North of the Marne the Frenchhave held up the enemy in the outskirts of Chatillon and southeast offormation that the band would positively be here some day next week.The public will be informed throughthe Paris press of its coming and theexact hour, if possible to get the information. The band will leave Louisvillenext Monday, and will spend fourdays in Lexington and vicinity.From there it will come to Paris.' I . . .. J 1! ltiRodemat wood. In this region there , me organization is composed oi uuris no appreciable change in the rest ty-six skilled musicians, personallyof the line. All German attacks dur- j selected by Bandmaster John Philiping the course of the night failed. Sousa, for the trip and placed in. the"On the front east of Rheims the care of Bandmaster S. M. Smith, whofighting, while of the utmost vio- j will direct it in all the concerts to belence. was unfruitful and the enemy given. The program to be renderedduring the past day and night hasnot been able to penetrate the Frenchzone of defense which runs to theeastward through Jrunay. The battle positions of the French are intact."The enemy losses in prisoners during the first Jay of the battle havebeen extremely heavy."te is teAMERICAN BED CROSS HOSPITALBOMBED BY GERMANS.PARIS, FRANCE, July 18. German aviators Monday night droppedbombs on the American Red Crosshospital at Jouy. Two enlisted menwere killed and among the personnel,nine persons were wounded.Miss Jane Jeffery, an AmericanRed Cross nurse, was among thosewounded, but her injuries are notserious.The hospital was deliberatelybombed by the German aviators. Itwas full of wounded at the time anddoctors were performing operationsat four tables. The operations continued notwithstanding the explosions. At least three bombs were droppedon the hospital. One destroyed threetents. Additional doctors were telephoned for immediately and the workof the hospital was continued without interruptionm mState of Ohio, City of Toledo,Lucus County, ss.Frank J. Cheney makes oath thathe is senior partner of the firm of F.J. Cheney & Co., doing business inthe City of Toledo, County and Stateaforesaid, and that said firm will paythe sum of ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS for each and every case ofCatarrh that cannot be cured by theuse of HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINE. FRANK J. CHENEY.Sworn to before me and subscribedin my presence, this 6th day of December, A. D., 1886.A. W. GLEASON,(Seal) Notary Public.Hall's Catarrh Medicine is takenInternally and acts through the bloodon the mucous surfaces of the system. Send for testimonials, free.-F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O.Sold by all druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Piljs for constipation.,J r fadV-liilv)mi rTexas is in mourning-because theGovernment wilf"not-permit 'the killing -of lamb and theStths gonedry,Tkso the - mint-beda areT- -comlmgalong, all for nothing. Miami Her-aid . T . - 1here will embrace selections fromthe noted composers, patriotic airsand popular music from all the latest hits of the day.JOURNAIISM STUDENTS GIVENGOOD POSITIONS.Thomas Underwood, of Hopkins-ville, has been promoted from the position of reporter an the LexingtonHerald to that of city editor of thesame publication, xoung uuuer-wood was a student in the Department of Journalism, university oiKentucky, before going to the Herald.His successor on the reportorialforce of the Herald is Thornton Connell, of Paris, also a student of journalism in the University, and duringthe session of 1917-18 editor of theKernel, student weekly publicationof the University. Mr. Connell willcontinue his work at the Universityand graduate next year, taking hisA. B. degree in journalism. He wasa fellow-student at " the College ofJournalism with Mr. Wayne Cottingham, lately of Paris, now one of the"star" reporters on the staff of TheLexington Daily Leader.PISHBk A' WW' ''i?:fSn WKKHmmJMKfcl ratiWomen Soldiers In China.China had women soldiers long before they were known in Russia. During the Tae Ping rebellion, 1850,women as well as men served in theranks. In Nanking, in 1853, an armyof 500,000 women was recruited. Theywere divided into brigades of 13,000each and were commanded by womenofficers. . i, a ir i' j HI ! J GHInteresting Discovery.'The Roman occupation of Englandwas recalled by a discovery made afew days ago at Stalbridge, Dorset.Working in his garden, a man dug upa skeleton. Examining it he found itto be in a perfect state of preservation, the teeth being quite sound, inthe mouth was a coin bearing the inscription of Caesar Augustus.HELP WIN THE WAR!Spend your vacation on the farm helping harvestthe American crop, then take the proceeds of this laborand purchaseWar Savings Stamps!Telephone your farmer friend. He will be glad tohear from youPARIS HOME TELEPHONETELEGRAPH CO.' (Incorporated.)J. J. YEATCH, W. H. CAOTT0N.District Manager . Local Manaeer&nJIBourbon Laundry!I DAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4 West Fifh Street1First Called Sleuthhounds.Bloodhounds were first known assleuthhounds, owing to their ability totrack the deer, wild boar or the wolf.When the wounded game broke awayand was lost, these good-nosed dogswere used in trailing the quarry bythe blood trail, and hence they werefinally called bloodhounds.Keng Wang, from China, a memberof the class of 1919, recently graduateda year ahead of schedule at WestPoint, stood twelfth in his class.Memories of the Crowded City."This ark is terribly crowded withall these animals aboard," remarkedJaphet, "Yes," replied Shem. "Andit's lonely at that. It makes me thinkof one of those apartment houseswhere they let people have all kinds ofpets and won't admit children."Oriental Rugs.Not only the design but the colorsof the rugs woven in the Orient arefull of significance. They representnational or individual traditions, andstand for virtues, vices and social importance.15 IS 1MORE EXAMPLES OF "GERMANKULTUR" SHOWN.LONDON, July 16. In a recentGerman raid on the Belgians morethan fifty girls were killed by airbombs launched upon an ambulancepark at La Penne, behind the Ypserfront. According to a special dispatch from The Hague fifty bombswere dropped in the immediate neighborhood of the park and severalstruck a large villa about a hundredyards from the hospital.Of the many girls of the villa engaged in making handages and repairing linen for the wounded thirtywere instantly killed or died frominjuries within a few minutes. Fortyinjured were removed from the villa,of whom twenty-four died later.With the outbreak of influenza inGermany a danger zone is established which evenrthe Kaiser and hissix saffron sons ca-nnot escape.Could the eternal verities hav,betteriflustration than is furnished,by the fact that a Geinman propaganr,iSL iurii UOl W uc uuvww . j,,- -A woman belleriss that if her hus-ICED DRINKS UNDER BANState Food Administration of Arkansas Rules Out CoolingBeverages.Little Rock, Ark. The girls maycontinue to wear $90 gowns, $25 bootsand hose that cost more than a pairof shoes did a generation ago, but inthis town they will not flirt among theround tables in the soda joints, sipping soft drinks at the expense of soldier boys or loving swains. The statefood administration has knocked thesegood times on the head. The girlsmust learn that the country is at war.No more, according to the order of thefood administration, shall soft drinkstands serve teed tea,' sherbet andwater fces An order has also beenIssued denying manufacturers of softdrinks who-have "used their 1918 sugarallotment more sugar for the "remainder of the year.Eagle Attacks Woman.Franklin, W. Va. A bald eagle thathagr made f rwmenjt excursions into thispartjjof iheountry made a vicos attuc&en' MjAnna Slmmpna while shewag.jwalkJwr to her, home near, thisclty.Thrsfdeepwouads wefe,iadeiiad gougeointd.the flesh. Will Halter-nat lr ner nus-i man, who ran to -her assistance, wasM could keep J -lgo stacked &d Imromi .ta iik kt-A Fantastical Terror."It's curious how soldier uniformsalways show an influence on femininefashions." "Yes," replied Miss Cayenne. "But I hope we won't keep onshortening skirts until we begin toimitate the Scottish Highlanders."A Racy Item.A New York dye expert declaresthat "American dyes are as fast, classfor class, as German dyes."Happy Thought Write article onspeed in dyes. Study the classes, thosein the 2.04 class and so on. Discouragebookmaking and side bets as degrading to a noble sport.J The Bourbon LaundryParis, KentuckyrlOUR WATCHWORD! 1ma1I111SATISFACTIONWith all the latest improvements in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we areprepared to do work inferior to none, and solicityour patronage.Discovers Ice Cream Soda.The honor of discovering ice-creamsoda is generally given to Robert M.Green, who served the delicacy to thesemi-centennial celebration o&Franklininstitute, Philadelphia, in the summerof 1874 and advertised, it at that timeas something absolutely new.Would Puzzle Socrates.Were Socrates to come among tisnow he would probably want to knowwhy Mexican poodles have no hair,Manx cats no tails, and pacifists nopeace. .u.aie IKe imaurejmcc wunoui arimr ttr could but would yrThatfs the1 Queetlen.Mr. Oldboy "Marry me aad I covldUPcould but would yomrNow is the Timeto Figure on YourPAINTINGAND PAPlRINGLet us make an estimate for you before placing your Order Call usover 'Home Phone 399.KANE BROS.-ieiMt -Send That Next lek off Print e TheBolirbon News. Beet Werfc; RIsjM Prioesto yay the premiums.II'fVr't"J,r"'' ", ,T"Ttzjct- trm'tr;" 3i?t u t 'W,wjv''rfiiB nan". : '77?&W73?THE BOURBONNEWS, PARIS, KY.FJtIDJLY, JULY fiiflg. ,7.40'IIHIIIIIIIllllHHIllllllllllllHIHIIlHIINIIIIIIftc?,SfflF THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMOA""V, iHt-1 r.,,?LOBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBWThe J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND EMBALMMRSParis Ky.i Mlnand SixthStreetsDay phone 36Nlsht : . .56or tlome 286CuqMtr equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.ift "biiiiMii t4iiyiiim M'H i 1 1 mi mmT2ia PIPE IINE COMPLETED INTO -TRAVELING PUBLIC, ATTENTION!J&SI'lLiL UUL, JbIildJ& nTTATTOT?. rtT? TTTUTP.W,MA VA AAATfcA.itFriday, July 19thLADIES' AND GOVERNMENT DAYtwo ladies will be admitted for one admission, plus the war tax.Thos. H. fnce PresentsCharles RayIN"His Own Home Town"Also the 19th Episode of"THE EAGLE'S EYE"(The Menace of the I. W. W.)iiSaturday, July 20thWilliam fox PresentsTOM MIXINShooter AndyjA grafter' ' clothed with authority of thelaw meets a true hearted, clever trader inthe gold fever days, and a vicious townbecomes so good it is forgotten.Also a Fox Film Comedy,"A Roman Cowboy,"Monday, July 22ndPauline FrederickIN"Resurrection"The double standard of morals is arraignedby Count Leo Tolstoy, greatest of theRussian dramatists, in this DowerfulMrama.Also Mack Scnnett Comedy, "TheBattle Royal," with Billy Turpin, PollyMoran and Charles Lynn.PricesAt the Alamo Children5c war tax lc; Adults 13c war tax 2c.At the Paris Grand -Children 5c-war tax lc; Adult 13c war tax 2c.Colored persons, Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 10c war tax lc.TO APPEAR AGAINST DESERTER.Deputy Sheriff J. O. Marshall hasreturned from Camp Shelby, Hattiesburg, Miss., where he was summonedas a witness in the case of ArthurCourtney. Courtney was arrestedhere by Mr. Marshall on the chargeof being a deserter from yCampShelby. When placed under arresthe was working as a farm haqd ona far,m flear Paris. He had discardedhis uniform, throwing the trousersin a creek. Discovery of the clothingled to his arrest.religious:'I5i Pa fa-" Announcement has been made thatlthe construction of a pipe line into-tfce Ross Creek section of Estill and' JLee counties has practically beenxopipleted, and, according to officialsxf thfe Cumberland Pipe Line Co., oilwill be pumped from these districts-within the next three weeks. A few..-.fittings is all that is holding up the-"work, and these will have been received In the next few days. Gath-ering -lines have been constructed topractically every producing lease in"the "district, and oil will be pumped- from wells with estimated produc--'iion,j"' The Bourbon Oil & Development--0., of this city, has two wells in"this territory, one, the No. 1, on the-Ii. C. Harris lease, with a production"of twenty barrels per-'day; and theother, No. 2, on the same lease, with.aroduction of twenty-five barrels." KAIL INSURANCE.9 'Hail insuranco on tobacco?mtf small train.McCLURE & DONALDSON.Effective Sunday. Louisville andNashville train which has been leaving Lexington for Jackson at 7:25will leave at 6:45, and will run via' Eeattyville. The train which has,been arriving from Jackson at 7 p.m. will arrive at 7:50 p. m., returning via Beattyville. These, changesfollow requests made at recent meeting of the Kentucky Oil Men's Asso, ciation, in order that oil men residingin Lexington may spend more timein fields.IN NEW BUSINESS.WALNUT LOGS WANTED.In carload lots. For Gun Stocksfor U. S. Army rifles. All walnutpurchased by this company goes directly into Government work at ourmills and factory at Louisville Ky.,and New Albany, Ind. Log dealersand owners of standing timber writeus what walnut you can furnish.Address Wood-Mosaic Co., Inc., 700First National Bank Building, JLenington, Ky. (19-$)Pa id jai ,ATO ADMINISTER ESTATEViMr. Robert Collier, recentlv ofi Paris, has purchased an interest in(the Monarch Milling Company, atI Mt. Sterling. Mr. Collier moved fromParis to Mt. Sterling about a yearago, and became identified with theMt. Sterling National Bank, latertaking a position in the feed andgrain business with Mr. I. F. Tabb.Miss Lula Ashurst, daughter ofMr. Lloyd Ashurst, who died from anaccidental gunshot wound in thiscity soimetime ago, was appointed inthe County Court as administratrixof her father's estate. Miss Ashurstaccepted the trust and qualified' byfurnishing bond in the sum ofrl,000, with J. L. Craig as surety. TheCourt appointed G. W. Judy, W. C.Dodso-n and H. W. Mann to appfSisethe estate. . VJudge Lyman Chalkley, of Transylvania University, at Lexington,will conduct services at St. Peter'sEpiscopal church, in this city, at10:45 , Sunday morning. Sundayschool at 9:30 a. m. Judge Chalkley will conduct services each Sunday morning until further notice.Union services of the Protestantchurches of this city will .be held inthe Baptist church Sunday night.The sermon will be delivered by Rev..Geo. R. Copibs, pastor of the Methodist church. The next service will beheld in the Christian church.Two more names have been added to the Honor Roll of the Christian church, those of Landen Templin, who is in the Naval Reserves atGreat Lakes Training Station, andMr. Reynolds Buckler, who left Man-day with the Bourbon county contingent for Ft. Thomas, and were latertransferred to an army cantonmentin Alabama. "The Endeavor Society of theChristian church will meet in thechurch parlors at seven o'clock Sunday evening. The subject will be"Lessons from. Favorite' Psalms."Leader, Mfss Princess Whaley. Themembers of the Society held a delightful "Campflre Breakfast," atFoote's Landing, on the banks ofStoner Creek yesterday morning.About thirty persons vere presentand all' were served" with, a deliciouslycooked breakfast. The Society isplanning to have some kind of socialevent each month during the remainder of the summer.The time for holding this Presbyetrian Sunday school has beenchanged from 9:45 to 9:30, commencing Sunday morning.Rev. Richard Herringtonv ofParis, who has been assisting Evangelist E. O. Hobbs, of Louisville, inconducting a revival meeting at BlueLick Springs, will assist him in. arevival at Lair. Evangelist Hobbsreturned yesterday from a visit tohis faniily at Louisville.fe taj SaCUT ELOWERS.We have secured the agency ofHo-naker, the florist, of Lexington.Place your order for cut flowers withus for funerals, weddings, partiesand for any other occasion where cutflowers are used.( 2 july-tf y BRUCE HOLLADAY.HAIL INSURANCE,Insure your tobaccoagainst hail. We represent reliable,prompt paying companies. YERKES &PEED.jly9 3t)fe ?63 151NEW APPOINTMENT.Dr. Francis P. Capipbell has beenappointed by the State SanitaryBoard to examine stock, make testsand issue certificates for interstateshipments of live stock.OFFICE MOVED.Dr. W. R. Franklin, optometrist,has moved his' office from the formerlocation,, adjoining the Postal Telegraph Co.'s office, to room 205-206,in the Frist National Bank building.Before the Auto WreckAETN AIZ EAutomobile Combination Policythe assured againstFireTheftTornadoPublic Liabilityand CollisionSomething new "Omnibus"endrsement is placed on all priTate pleasure automobile policies.The Aetna Automobile In-surance CompanyHartford, Conn.A. J. FEE, AgfcBoth Phones 247(jlyl9-4tF)june4-tf)fe feV ' HANDSOME DONATION" The Paris Business Mens Club,"which 'has for 2u long time occupiedi-3iuarters in the second story of theDUiiaing at ine corner 01 iviain ana' Fif th. streets, formerly used as a :' -ianklng house by the Bourbon Bank,lias disbanded, and the furniture,etc., will be disposed of at public sale, jJHead the advertisement published in.-Ahis issue of THE NEWS.. The members of the Club reserved..one dozen of their finest chairs,-tfbich -are'solid walnut, and will present them to the .ladies of the Bour--bon.County Red Cross Chapter, to beuSsednnthetP tea room in the Wilsonbuilding at the corner of Main andThird streets, which will be openedi ito the -public' at an early date.Ht ?3l 1R-HAS NAEEOW ESCAPE.' .IVhUe climbing a tree in the yardfc-isof his parents, Mr. and Mrs. Alex T.- "Rice", on Mt. Airy Avenue, Edwin' .""Rice, aged nine, slipped and fell to'"Yine ground .a -distance of twenty feetf -ori more. He-1 sustained serious in-n 2 3itie"s, his tbody being bruised and a- $7-.-.deep cut in his leg where it struck ai -wooden stub in the ground.-Toung Rice was" rendered unconscious by the fall and shock. His-inother hearing the screams of hiscompanions, came to the place uiid,carried him to the house, where pfiy--tslcl&nsrestored him to consciousqiess and administered medical aid.He was reported yesterday as being. somewhat imprpved. .?ft lB feB-4 HRE'.Insure witfiW.O. HINTON & SON,AgtsITMINa COUNTY ITRES.A Oakley, in Fleming county, fire-S)f unknown origin destroyed thestore room belonging to Mr. Matthew-jJdlly. it being a total loss,, with lit-ltle," if any insurance, to cover theproperty loss. The store had beenvacant for some time.The residence of Mr. H. L. Faul,near Martha Mills, in the samecounty, was destroyed by fire whichoriginated from a defective flue ini the kitchen. Nearly all of the household. effects and all of the personalj belonging of the occupants were con1 : sumed in the flames.' In trying tosave sopie of the furniture Mr. Faul'sfe daughter had a bone broken in one-? - .foot.' There was an insurance of.about $800 on the Tiouse, but none5 - on tie Tiousehold goods.t mmm--V' Mr, Wind ami Lightning-IwiiinwoTmmas, Wdford & Bryan.NEW AUTO 0WNE1.lira. Wm. R. Tramklim', "of FrlilmibinfeVftw pe-Memgr-ait' -3fcri car. 'FIFTEEN DAYSClearance Sale!A Price-Slashing Sale of Summer Footwearr 3 'In spite of the high prices of leather, we a re compelled tomake a GENERAL CLEARANCE arid TURN INTO CASHAll High Grade Men's, Women's, Children'sSummer Shoes, Oxfords and Pumps!JWu&-t)erJust a Few of the Numerous Bargains That Await You HereMen's Patent Kid English Ox-Ladies' Patent and Dull Kid - 'Pumps, Louis and Low Heels, UTS n Ok$4 00 values at Wmb "frCrT.oliflo' Pof Qnrl TlnU TfiA Plonial Pumps and High Boots, flO GkdMrMmmJJLouis Heel, $4 50 valuesLadies' Kid Colonette Pumps,H. & M., and High Boots, m mLouis and Low Heel, Turn, Q2 QC$5.00 values at W Wa 9 WLadies' Mahogany Tan Col. -. .l ,Pumps, Louis Heel, Welts, CO QQ$4.50 values at...'. WAiiVVLadies' Dull and Pat. Kid Boots , .and Pumps, broken sizes, $3.50 QT1 Gfc Gfcand $4.00 values at...: . WWLadies' Gun Metal Oxfords, -small sizes $3:50 and $4.00 O 4 Jg Qvalues at - . P MrLadies' highest quality and most beautifulGrey, Mahogany, Tan, White and BlackBoots, Oxfords and Pumps, Walk-Overand other famous makes, : 'AT CLEARANCE SALE PRICES.Ladies' White Poplin Canvas j -Boots and Pumps, Louis and &T9 Ok OkLow .Heel, $4.00 values at.... Watva W WLadies' White Canvas Pumps ' rji-, - land High Boots, Louis and4 low LT -mheel; $3.00 values at. . . . B WWLadies' White Canvas' Oxfords,rubber soles, $2.00 values,at :$1.00Men's,Boys',Misses'.andChildren's -White Tennis Oxfords, 75c values, Jm mfords, highest quality, $5.00 Q'2 J Eand.$6.00 values at M9mmW0Men's -'G. M. and Tan Shoes m .and Oxfords, Walk-Over, all CQ Jk fsizes, $4.50 values at 99a"4i7Men's and .Boys' G..M. Button- j-- kShoes and Oxfords, $3.00 val- d QQues' at : . . . 10 I 77Boys' K. Cal,f Lace Shoes, all -'sizes, $2.50ivalues SMen's Patent Kid Pumps and J-kHigh Shoes; $2.50 values CI QQChildren's ": Patent and WhiteCanvas Pumps, $1.50 valuesat99cAttsnCjUiis Sale! These Prices Are Much Less, Than Wholesale Cost Today!DanA'VSale Begins Saturday,July 20--For Cash Only -ICoheni-igVYkv