- J,.THE.?..NEWSyaftsSSpXPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.BOURBON-VOLUME XXXVIITJHCLE SAM CALLS FOR TWENTYBOURBON BOYS. VVXili-LXUncle Sam's insistent call for moremen to help the Allies in their gigantic struggle in the world warwith the Boches, will take fromParis and Bourbon county betweenthe first and the fifth of May twentymore young men, all white. Telegraphic instructions were receivedlast week by the Bourbon CountyBoard of Exemption to notifv immediately a list of thirty young men,with orders to have them report tothe Board at the court house. Thecall now means that these boys willgo to Ft Thomas, near Newport, Ky.,on or about Wednesday, May 1. Themen have heretofore been sent toCamp Zachary JTaylor, and no explanation was given publicly or reasonfor the change of locality. Out of thislist of thirty who have been orderedto report to the Board at four o'clockthis (Tuesday) afternoon, twentywill be chosen. The list follows:708 Leland Hudson Barnes.709 Ezra Clay Elmore.713 Henry Herrington.721 Frank Mullen.722 Conlus Wells.727 A. J. Burnett.7 28 Eldred Burns Richard.736 Elmer Cay wood.762 Adrian Ramey.769 Cecil Snapp.772 Richard Manning Kirby.778 Mike Blake.790 Jesse Roe.791 Herman Hill.797 S. S. Bush.804 Wm. Lawrence.SOS Howard Olliver.812 Silas Smith.S19 David Olliver Florence.S33 John Wm. Webb.838 R. Weaver Talbott.S43 Robert M. Pollitt.845 Carl Lenox.857 J. Scott Woodford871 Floyd Lanter."894 Lee Grimes.905 Wm. M. Hudnall.914 James Lott Banta.916 Richard English.TO ECONOMIZE IN CLOTHESBuy only all wool. Good all-woolsuits may be had here as low at $20.J. W. DAVIS & CO.TS & iSiAWARDED CLASS NUMERAL.Miss Allene Ellet, of North Midd!etown, was one of the fortunatemembers of the Girls' Basket Ballteam of the Kentucky University tobe awarded a class Numeral. Thecoveted white figures were awardedby Dean McCartney, Friday, toeleven young women.The Price of Cotton is SoaringHigher, Ever HigherBut 'the Price ofWirthmor Waistsis Still the SamerfflrL I ' in Lw It t i r new k. IIt is -.a unique and economical merchandising planthat enables us to still sell these wonderful WirthmorWaists at $1.00.The price of cotton and cotton fabrics has advancedexcessively recently reaching the highest figure sincecivil war days, and. still the price of WIRTHMORWAISTS remains the same.- -In these deservedly popular Blouses the' materialsused are jus as good as ever; they'Ifwear as well; they'lla under as ivell; they're' made as finely; -and the STYLESare just as genteel and pretty as in the past. ''Only the vast volume of WIRTHMO& sales? the manylarge economies of the WlRTltMOR H, AN coupled withthe forehanded purchase of material and a fixed purposeon the part of the retailer- and .maker to hold downprice, accounts for these truly remarkable valnes. -MAIN FLOOR-AFRANK- V-" db ?rf y-' sSr-- V;BOY SCOUTS HAVE A1PENJ0YABLE PARTY AT "Y'The Boy Scouts of Paris had thetime of their lives at the Y. M. C. A.Friday night, when they gave a"Boy Scout Party" to a number oftheir young friends. Each Boy Scoutwas privileged to bring a young ladyfriend with him, and right royallydid they respond, each one beings accompanied by a charming lassie, thepersonal choice of the escort. Theyoung people were chwperoned byMr. and Mrs. Thomas K. "mith, Mrs.Z. L. Wilcox and Miss J ie Rose.After games and other Creationsthe young people were esco d to thedining rooms in the Y. 1. C. A.building, where "ref l eshmerfts of icecream and cakes were served. Theywere seated at the tables in couples,as follows:Leslie O'Neill and Belle Fisher;Robert Meglone and Louise Collier;Ja,mes Rowland and Ruby Houston;George Rose and Anna Leeds; Elmer1 Burnett and Susie Davis; RobertKirkpatrick and Katie Howard; Ed.Drane Paton and Mary May; Howard Roberts and Katherine PhillipsWallingford; Robert Smith and MaryFrances Campbell; Jim McCilntockand Soula Davis; Shelby Lusk andMargaret Hill; Cletis Chipley andEdna Burnett; Jack Lair- and EliseJacoby; Eugene Moore and MargaretLavin; Charlie Kenney and FrancesKenney; Clarence Baldwin andvMissMamie Lee Baldwin; Bob Moore andNancy Deavers; Albert Wright andDorothy Tingle; J. Miller Dundonand Alma Goldstein; Silas Bedfordand Fern Stone; T. A. Hendricks andMinnie Galloway; Joe Smits and EvaChappell; Yutaki Minakuchi andAda Wilcox; Gale Brown and MildredCollier; Raymond Stamler and Blizabeth Henry; Foster Mitchell andMargaret Griffith; Billie Forsythand Lucinda Paton; Forest Stoneand Virginia Hancock; ' CharlesLeeds and Elizabeth Carter.COMING ATTRACTIONS AT THEGRAND AND ALAMO.To-day, Tuesday, April 30. MaeMurray in Famous Players feature."At First Sight;" Pearl White andAntonio Moreno, in fifth episode of"The House of Hate."To-morrow, Wednesday, May 1Charles Ray, in picturization ofRupert Hughes story, "His Mother'sBoy;" special feature, "Spirit of theRed Cross;" a Luke Comedy, andrathe News feature No. 29.Thursday, May 2 Mabel Normand, in "Dodging a Million;" Muttand Jeff in "Back to" The Balkans,"'and an L-Ko Comedy in two parts.NEW1IRTHMOR-WAiSTSI& CO.IIJ"r--PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, APRIL 3PIN THE SERVICE OP THEIRCOUNTRY.Bourbon county sent another representative to the United States NavySaturday, when Mr. Otis Johnson, ofworth Middletown, enlisted, beingassigned to the Navy Hospital Corps.Mr. Lawrence R. Jones, of NorthMiddletown, who enlisted in the U.S. army service from this county lastOctober, has been commissioned asSecond Lieutenant in the Field Artillery, at Camp Zachary Taylor..The Government has established abranch recruiting station in this cityfor the arjmy service. Capt. RoySharp is in charge, with headquarters at the Windsor Hotel. Recruitsfor all branches of the army servicewill be accepted.Mr. Harvey Allen Rogers, son, ofMr. and Mrs. Louis Rogers, who wassummoned here last week to attendthe funeral and burial of his uncle,Mr. Harvey Rogers, returned Satur- jday to St. Paul, Minn., to rejoin theAviation Signal Corps at the Mechanical Training School.Lieut. Ben Frank, formerly ofParis, is now in command of the283rd squadron of the AviationSignal Corps, now stationed at theOtiay Mesa base at Rockwell Field,the Government aviation stationnear San Diego, Cali.Lieut. James Miller, of Millersburg,who has been a guest of friends andrelatives in this county, left Sundayto take up Jiis army duties at CampGordon, near Chamblee, Georgia. Hewas accompanied by Lieut. Henry M.Skillman, who had been visiting hisparents, in Lexington.-..Messages to friends and relativesin this city yesterday from VanceHuffman, who was kicked by anarmy mule some time ago at CampShelby, stated that his physicianshad given up hope of saving his life.Complications affecting his stomachin a serious manner had set in,baffling all the skill of the physicians. Previous to Nthis hope hadbeen held out for his recovery. Hisfather, Mr. W. J. Huffman, is at hisbedside.Mr. George Edgar Vansant, son ofMr. and Mrs. J. T. Vansant, of thisPltv Vine: vnliinfoorod in 4-n r., .... i,.-j, .u . Vuj..,v,i,ti,u All IUC OCl MJ.lXf4ana leu .Friday for Ft. Thomas, n.earNewport, where he enlisted in theField Artillery branch. His brother,Mr. John K. vansant, is a member of?the army aviation training school atSan Antonio, Texas.Cards have been received here byfriends of Lieut. Wm. C. Worthington, of Clintonville, who has been amember of the hospital corps at Ft.Riley, Kansas, telling of his departure lor trance. Mrs. Worthingtonand children, who -have been withhim, have gone to Dayton, Tenn., toleside with her parents, Mr. and Mrs.T. A. Lewis. '.Private Earl Fleming, whp wascalled to his old home near LittleRock, in this county, recently, bythe death of his mother, returnedSaturday to his comniand at CampSevier, in South Carolina. PrivateBrown Buchanan, who was called toClintonville, last week by the deathof his cousin, Miss Pinkie Morrow,returned Saturday to Camn ZacharvTaylor.Post cards received hefe Saturdayindicated that -a large number ofBourbon county boys are now inFrance. The cards were the regulation ones issued by the army andnavy and merely stated that thewriter- had arrived safely in France,with the writer's name appended.One of the cards was from Mr. Jos.Mitchell, lately of Paris, to his parents, Mr. and Mrs. Newton Mitchell.Mr. Mike Atlas, formerly of Paris,now assistant ticket aerent at theUnion Passenger Station in Cincinnati, was a, visitor in Paris, Saturdayand Sunday. Mr. Atlas has beendrafted in the service with a detachment of draftees from Ohio, andwill go to Ft. Thomas, near Newport,an April 10. His brother, Mr. Herman Atlas, of Shelbyville, left yesterday with the Shelby county drafteesfor the army cantonment at CampZachary Taylor.-Private Shirley Dalzell. whn hasbeen at the home of his father: Mr-Clifton Dalzell, for several days, returned . Saturday to the AviationTraining Camp near "San Antonio,Texas. Private Dalzell was summoned home to attend 4he funeral of hisbrother, Elgin Dalzell, who died inPhiladelphia 1n the service of, theUnited States, -and whose Jhody wasbrought here.Mr. Wm. Eyans, of Pittsburg, Ky.,j.ur,meriy a nreman on the Louisville& Nashville, and a former residentof Paris, ';was a- recent guest offriends 'in Paris." Mr. Evans has enlisted in the U. S. Navy. His brother,Leslie, is already in Prance, hisbrother Charles in the TJ. S. Marines,and another brother, John, is also asailor, being on one of the TJ. S.snips.now stationed in European wa-ters. jMajor' John S. Sweeney, formerlyah o vjai.i5nis mother, Mrs.e"rTre"e3r!,,ll.'thtefcity. MajockhetTnZ SS ???t0T 15 e Gas Dei I therense ServiceMedical Corps -at Camp theBOURBON COUNTY DRAFTEESLEAVE FOR CAMP TAYLORTllP ttli.f-,r 14. J !.-v fur,J "-' "sui urauees irom JBour-uT LOUnty wno were called to the!,ores. recently, jmet at the court"" x . Clty Sundy afternoon,..veu taeir nnal instructions andrr fr the trip to Camp Zachary Taylor, where they will enterthe service of the United States.ine colored contingent met atthree o clock, and were madeacQuainted with what their future arlangment would be, and their dutiesexplained to them. The men wereand861 With ' tobaCco cigarettesa a v"w v.a.iny ueuessuaes, ana wereaddressed by a speaker along patriotic line. At nierht th motreated to a generous dining arrang--" lu lueir nonor oy Mr. A. B. Hancock. Among the number were twovolunteers, Homer Nutter and BeniHarrison Brown.At four o'clock, the white contingent of twenty-three men, supplemented oy tne addition of two othersOliver Hazlerigg, James Claypole whovolunteered Sunday afternoon, wereaddressed in the same room, by themembers of the Exemption Board,and pledged their allegiance to theservice of TJncle Sam in his big newarmy. They were also nresentprlwith camp necessities, and were ad-inooeu m an appropriate speech byHon. E. M. Dickson, of Paris'.On Sunday evening at 6:30, thewhite draftees were guests of Mr. A.B. Hancock at a dining given in theirnonor at the Stout Cafe. Addresseswere made by Rev. W. E. Ellis, Mr.nancocK and Mr. Emmett M. Dickson. Toasts to the future healthand welfare of the men were proposed and responded to. The followingere guests at the dining: Rev. W.E. Ellis, E. M. Dickson, C. A. McMillan, Pearce Paton, Dr. SilasEvans, Mayor E. B. January, Wm. G.McClintock, N. Ford Brent. Dr. M. H.Dailey, J. 0. Marshall, Newsum Keller, A. B. Hancock, Samuel Clay,James Caldwell, B. A. Frank, JohnCollins, M. Peale Collier, EdwardBurke, W. D. Mclnlyre, Wm. Remington, Louis Lilleston, SwiftChamp.Most of the men spent the nightin the 'city, some of them going totheir honies in the county, for thefinal leave-taking. All were on handearly yesterday morning, assemblingat the oourt house at seven o'clock.A line of march was formed and at7:15 the column proceeded to the L.& N. passenger station, in the following order: Mayor January andDr. Silas E. Evans, of the ExemptionBoard, in automobiles, piled highwith the soldiers' baggage: Paris;I)rum Corps, (white) followed by thewhite draftees; citizens in line ofmarch; colored drum corps, followedby the colored contingent; flag-bearerscarrying a huge American flag,borne by six colored men; citizens inautomobiles. The march to the passenger .station was made up Mainstreet, into Tenth to the station,where the men weie entrained ina coach which was attached to aspecial train bearing men from Maysville, Flemingsburg, Carlisle, andother places along the line of the L.& N. A crowd estimated at abouttwo thousand people gathered to bidthe boys good bye and good luck.As the train pulled out a volume ofcheers that seemed to split the heavens rang out, and Bourbon's delegation had passed from their old hauntsto take up the new duties. Thehite men were under the commandof John Ardery, and the coloredmen were captained by Homer Nutter, one of the volunteers.WHITE.319 John Breckinridge Ardery. "364 Virgil Harney.399 Russell T. Stephens.410 Jesse Grover Fuller.428 Claude Linville.459 Rodney Withers Martin.479 Lee Kerr.491 Frank Taylor.499 Virgil Peterson.507 Reuben Lee Clinkenbeard.540 Allen Mason.549 Clyde Shanks.550 Ed Mitchell.553 Joe B. Snapp.583 Jim Mahorney.605 Hiram W. Beeding.614 Ben Howard.631 Spencer Rigg.641 Joseph Small.649 Albert P. Johnson.656 John Webb.672 Milton Prebble.bS3 Isaac Eurove.COLORED.415 Offutt Spears.442 Robert Barton.447 Washington Holmes.457 Thompson Parker.466 John Adams Mucker. - '489 Joe Mitchell Keller, -509 Alonzo Brown.525 -JRufus B. Johnson.532 Grant Crooks.546Oharlie Ed. Masoi '548 Lewis Rankins.5 60- Robert Henry Miller, Madden..562-iJohn McMiller. - .563 Jesse Richardson.565 Alfred Biddle.. m mn... BIG SPECIAL.Get your "Hygeno Sweeper" for98 cents next Thursday at 9 o'clock.See display ad on page 5 and windowdisplay.THE Jf T. HINTON CO.Grant. Rockford. 111. He -will visit iRelatives in Nolin, Ky., before" re-xturning to Camp Grant. His two 'brothers, Edwin Sweeney and Mon-iue oweeney, areaiso in me service, ,former being-a. first lieutenant iri331st.ArtilleW and theJattep. inhydro-airplane, service. - .1918COMMUNICATION PROM ME.WEISS.The following letter from Mr. W.H. Weiss, who has been employed bythe city as consulting engineer for atime, has been handed THE NEWS,with the approval of the Light Committee of the City Council, for publication: "416 Independent Life Bldg.,"Nashville, Tenn.,"April 25 1918."Hon. E. B. January, Mayor,"Paris, Ky."Dear Sir. I was very much interested to read, in the issue of THEJiUUKBON NEWS of the 23rd inst,a paid advertisement, siemed ThoParis Gas & Electric Co., headed 'Notto Profiteer, But to Exist.' This isobviously intended to prepare theelectric light consumers of Paris forhigh rates and bills for electric service, notwithstanding the fact thatthe company was forbidden by thecity to make any changes in theprices of electricity unless and untilthe company had made -a showing toche city that the present rates wereunjust and unreasonable to it; thisthe company has so far failed and refused to do, and I daresay until suchtime as you have given to the company formal permission to advanceits rates you will see to it that theserates and charges are not advanced.lhe company stresses the fact thatthe franchise which it purchasedfrom the city and for which i paidbut a nominal sum. if anvthine-aItnuSn tne same owners of thei-ans lias & Electric Co. na.v tn thocity of Danville, Ky., or ratheragreed to pay, and does now pay tosaid city for its franchise, an annualpercentage of ' its gross revenuewhich approximates at this time asum not much less than ? 1,5 00. 00per annum, stipulates a maximumprice for electricity of 12c per Kwh,evidently overlooking the fact thata stipulated maximum price meansno more than 'so high, but no higher,than a just and reasonable priceThe conipany further states that theprices stipulated in said franchiseswere establishedattSr careful investigation, etc. ' We are astonished tolearn this, and the people of Pariswill doubtless be more amazed when,-tney are intormed that the rates ofelectricity fir lighting in George" viuintt:i ana vynynflna, arenow and have been for a long time,not higher than 9J4c net ner Kwh!that the Georgetown Company paysinto the city 2 of its gross annuallevenue for its franchise in additionto all other State, county and municipal taxes; whereas, the Paris Comrpany.4oes not pay ,any part of itsgross revenue to the city. And theGeorgetown Company gets its supplyof electricity from Lexington andfrom the saniev source that suppliesthe Paris Company, while the electricity sold at Winchester is likewise supplied fiom Lexington; theCynthiana Company makes its ownelectricity at Cynthiana. And atnone of these places has any attemptWE KNOW HOWUSM GOODJUDGMENTIIn Baying Your; . -. Spring Suit....Buy From the StoreWill Give You Value ForYour Dollars Spent,0UR YOUNG MEN'S.SUITS FOR$25 and $30have no equal when it comes to style,fit, se rvice and price. Stylish patterns in solid greens, tans, greys andolives, one-button single-breasted anddouble-breasted saeks made . on individual lines not found. in other ready-a-wearclothes.. . .,r Sttin-BIoch and .MkhotiStern's famous cMhts artsold only by us. ,Bright, new spring pat1 terns in Manhattan Shirts.fancy, silks, linen rriadras-. cloths and crepes.John B. Stetson, Hats andNettleton Spring hoes.MITCHELL &III . .vvpvvwvyyJilUGHTS OP COLUMBUS OVERSUBSCRIBE THEIR QUOTA.Through the hustling efforts of thBourbon county teams engaged inthe Knights of Columbus drie IsSeek, the campaign closed withBourbon raising a total of $1 900oversubscribing the allotmentof ?1,000 by almost another thousand. The workers were tireless intheir campaign, and to them is duethe splendid record made in thiscounty. The result was never indoubt at any time, but the wnrvrwanted to make their title clearwhich they did when the reportswere all in.been made to advance- these rateswhich as will be noted from theabove information, already are considerably less than the peofle ofPaTis have been charged and paid tothe Paris Company."Your administration, mindful ofits duty to protect the people ofParis, and therefore desirous of being informed as to the reasonableness of the rates and charges of thePans Gas & Electric Co., employedme to make a study thereof and alsoto make a study of the street lighting prices. TEe tentative report of'the street lighting prices made tothe city on March SStTi i-ninathat the prices heretofore charged tothe city for the service are extortionate; and if similar facts exist withlespect to the rates and charges toprivate consumers it is quite safe tocay that instead of an 'attempt toraise its prices, the company will hecalled upon to make a material reduction therein."All the courts have said that apublic utility when it accepts a franchise notwithstanding the fact thatmaximum rates may be stipulated,enters into an obligation, expressedor implied, that it will furnish adequate service to every consumer andwill charge therefor no more thanwill bring a reasonable return, honestly and prudently invested andmanaged, on the value of the investment in the service of the public;in, other words, just and reasonable.TiriCGB. ATld if th Suvoro nf . "DaVIeff Gas & Electric Co. franchise did sowith the idea that it entitles themto all the traffic will bear within thelimits of the maximum prices therein stipulated without regard to therights of the consumers, they aredoomed to speedy disappointment,because .the company will soon be'subjected to efficient and fearlessregulation under the powers delegated to the City of Paris by theGeneral Assembly. x - 4"Respectfully yours;"W. H. WEISS,"Consulting Engineer to the City ofParis."TOM J. KISER,"JOHN MERRINGER,- 1"J. J. VEATCH,"Light Committee."(It)IKIII'KThatBLAKEMORE!2lr11'A 'jlvI-jfT "' "li I . t f IPF. TiS.4 "ISIll mlllllif ILtf0BJiafSTCtf itJr Vt-JlKZi' il 1,1 VliDfflt iL 111K l ' -ft "i""11. 'i(Ml:-. ttF3JtIs.iTHE BOURBON NEWS,. PARIS, KYTUESDAY, APRIL 30, 1918.TIGE TWOt?THE BOURBON NEWSEstablished 188136 Years of Continuous Publication'Published Every Tuesday and "FridayJPer Year.. $2.00 6 Months. .?1.00Payable in Adavance.'.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.Any erroneous reflection upon theSiaracter, standing or reputation ofmy person, firm or corporation whichay appear in the columns of THEBOURBON NEWS will be gladly corrected if brought to attention of theALtor.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perfcch. for first time; 50 cents per inchach subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineach issue;- reading notices In black"type, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andilmllar .matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reserved.to decline any advertisement or othermatter for publication.Announcements for political offices-must invariably be accompanied bythe cash.TOiththe government in thej-cause of America for theperiod of the warEDITORIAL MUSINGS.Dangerous Optimism.Isaac F. Marcosson, "the greatest-.reporter," says that nothing but German propaganda in America is moredangerous than mistaken optimism:about the war being as good as wonbecause America is in it.'Two American soldiers in France,in a crowd of four, told me theycame to France because they weredratted and the others said thatr they had to come because the Frenchand the English couldn't whip the-Germains and so the Americans hadlo do it."The idea 'that the Americans can-motbe whipped and can easily triumph wherever they try, is onewhich, in the opinion of the correspondent, does more than anything'Other than German propaganda tomalte our war waging ineffective."We should realize that this great war3s not a picnic for America, and thatit will take the best that is in us towin. "The school boys of to-day will--be In khaki before it is over," ventures Mr. Marcosson.Between the high school boys ofo-day and men old enough to beadmitted to the National Army thereis a wide gap. There are millionsof young, men in that gap. Many'-will have to be sacrificed before the, boys now at. school don uniforms, ifindeed theyjmust in time don them.Sooner ordater we shall realize that-the war-is no picnic. The sooner theAbetter; the, sooner the more probable, a.n early decision against Germany.It is all "right to say we have to- win, meaning that we cannot afford- to lose, but all wrong to say that we:&ro hound to win, meaning that wef cannot lose.Meaning of "Liberty."Liberty oneans the right of expression and' the right of expression implies the-zopportunity of expression.Izife. is but a striving for expressionnd in'so far as the forces that op-3ose free expression of life are overcome to that extent do we attainLiberty does not mean to lick the'Germans, but crushing the Germanmilitary, machine and all other suchmilitary machines as they develop, orpreventing the development of suchmachines makes for the free development of expression, the free development of life.liberty is an ideal, a good we al-wafca strive for and never attain.Yet? our striving ever moves us for-irri' -towards the goal which alsorXoeps moving forward. Liberty is aTlative thing. In relation -to a mon-'arphy, the democracies have politicalliberty, In relation to slavery, themePiis now economically free. In' relifdri to church domination of- t$tiej.most .countries have religiouslitofcfrty;-- The world is always-be-coming a better place to live in andwill a longf as the ideal of liberty in-friCjSw 'Jlce's to the Statufe'ankwkatsit stamdtffor. -Sprim&(?) Is Here (!)'After a hardtd"' work, extend--imfc into part x the night, the tired"mewspaper man dropped into hisdbAfcMthe editorial desk, and,frem heer exhaustion, waa soon fastatfeep. He dreamed of writing anijto String, and that Spring wasilwfr In 1 r When he awoke heImSmi. oa his writing pad, to hisrct surprise, tkese words, whichjjg to prove that men do, see and hear."Spring is here ajf last. The "longand hard winter Is at last over.- Thecoal shortage bugaboo no longerscares us, and we are beginnig totake on a new view of life. TheseApril showers are very refreshing,also very damp, but, regardless of allthe things there are to worry aboutwe are going to enjoy the cheerfulthings that are left; the soft, coolingrains, the bright sunshine, the warmbreezes, the blossoming trees, theSpring gardens, and all the thingsthat make us feel better."We are going to try to get someof that feeling into our work, too."We are going to try to act if thiswas a regular Spring, a sure-enoughSpring, and that there is no war orno Spring drives or no black clouds.We believe the world needs all thecheer we can give it now " Andhere is where the newspaper manturned to find Private Policeman BenSpears standing over him shakinghim back to life again, and statingthe hour rather too late for dreaming. jsa fe mA Touching Story.Here is a touching story thatreached the heart of THE NEWS manwhen it was told to him the otherday:"A Paris man driving along theWinchester pike just outside of Parismet a small lad who was staggeringalong the pike under the heavy burden of carriyng a small boy, whosebare feet bore traces of having recently been in the wet field on theother side. This little boy was seemingly content to be carried alongthis way. The Paris man stopped hismachine and asked the big lad,"Isn't that boy too heavy for you tocarry? You had better get in withme." But the bigger boy sturdily refused, saying, "We are only going avery short distance and he's mybrother, and he's not heavy at all."Doesn't that boy's philosophy beatall the religion in the world? Or isie religion itself? Help you brother!Isn't it the grand and glorious feeling? Well, the Paris man who toldthe story to THE NEWS man said itstruck him so forcibly that he couldnot get it out of his mind for manydays.Working The Newspapers.There isn't a more patriotic set ofmen in the country than the countrynewspaper men, but they are beingworked to the Queen's taste and getvery little credit for what they aredoing. Every little fellow who pullsdown a fat salary for doing very little work for Uncle Sam feels calledupon to ask the editors of the country newspapers for a lot of spacewhich costs him good cash dollars,to air the vaporings of some fellowwho is writing against space.This week we have received no lessthan ten columns of plate matterfrom one or another of the war activities or for some other free doings,with a request that we print themall. We could not do it if we would,and the fellows who are asking us todonate so much for the good of thecause would throw up. their jobs atonce if they did not connect with thepay-roll. Sometimes this plate mattergets in in time to be of some service, but more oftener it comes aweek or so after the date uponwhich it would be of use, consequently it is left to lay around like a warton a hog and take up valuable space.The newspaper men liave donemore than their share and have probably jeceived less considerationthan any other class of people engaged in helping the wai activities.Their employes' salaries remain thesame, possibly, and the employers,are paying their own bills out oftheir own pockets, and columns ofvaluable space devoted to free publicity does not help them to meetdrafts, pay running expenses, andkeep the fires of patriotism lightedat the same time. They are willingto do all they can, but there is alimit to their patience!M Kl feKENTUCKY WOOL GROWERS TOMEET IN LEXINGTON.VA call has been issued to the woolgrowers of Kentucky to co-operatewith the Associated Co-operators ofKentucky for the purpose of obtaining the highest market price for thisyear's wool crop.The call is signed by Frank M. McKee, president of the Associated Cooperators, who has asked the woolgrowers to organize local associations in their respective communitieiand appoint delegates with powerto act at the State Central meetingof the Associated Co-operators to b2held at the court house in Lexington on Wednesday, May 8, at 1:30p. m.fe fe mIF I WERE A FARMER.If I were a fanner I would keepat hand a few reliable medicines forminpr ailments that are not so serious as .to 'require? the. attention of aphysiciau.such as Ghamberlain's Coiicand Di.axrhoea 4 Remedy - for bowelcomplaints.Ghiiiberlain's Cough Remedy forcough,colds and croups.Chaxnberlajn's'Liniment for sprains,bruises and rheumatic- tfains.Chkmberlain's S-Tabletsf for stomach troubles biliousness and const'pation.- . ,This would require an outlay ofpnly $1.10. gy having these articles at hand it would often save thatrouble of a trip to town in thebusiest season or in the night, andwould enable "me to treat slight ailments as soon as they appear, andthereby avoid the more serious diaI eases that so often follow.(adv-april)straneethlngrs whenCthey-dream:AN 0PIHI0F0N IDLERS.Here is one way of securing farmlabor. It works. It gets results inChickasha, Okla. And in any countyit will help to some extent, at least,in relieving the farm-labor shortage.The farm demonstration agent inGrady county, of which Chickasha isthe seat, arranged with the Ghief ofPolice and the Judge of the CityCourt to give him an "option" as ;twere, upon all the vagrants aniidlers arraigned. The county agenrpronged to use his best efforts tosecure a 30b for every man who qapresed a willingness to go to workon a farm. Transient vagrants andlocal idlers, alike, were unhesitantin declining. Given a choice of jailor the county road or of hard farmwork at fair wages, they becameenthusiastic "back-to-farm" advocates. The countv aeent has an arrangement whereby the city and countyauthorities ieea mese men untilthey are placed on farms. And thar,usually, is very quickly. The agentis in touch with farm-labor needs ailover the county and has been able toplace all promising material withoutdelay. In one day during the lastharvest season he furnished farmerswith eighty-nine men, and upon several occasions he has furnished sixtyto sixty-five farm workers in oneday. These men are free agents entirely. They work voluntarily forwages agreed upon. They can leaveif they desire. But there is onething they con not do remain inChickasha, Oklahoma, and not work.GOVERNMENT WANTS USEDPOSTAGE STAMPS FOR DYESThe shortage of dyes has causedthe government to begin to utilizeeverything that dyes can be extractedf-om. Though a small object, thecommon postage stamp is said to berich in dyes and the government isealline: udou the patriotic organization to gather up used postagestamps.Chief Gunner's Mate EmmettFordyce, who is in charge of thelocal navy recruiting station, hasbeen authorized to recire bundles ofstamps. They will be sent to theRed Cross and collected in bunchesof thousands. After the governmenthas extracted the dye the Americanbeen authorized to receive bndles ofpaid by the government for the dyes.Packets of stamps may be mailed orsent to the recruiting station in theFayette Bank building, Lexington.A new machine gun is said to bea remarkable success. With a newmachine gun and a new ail plane motor the American contribution to thewar may be more effective.las la teIreland is said to be In a state ofunrest, but we hope the conventionwill make a step towards a satisfactory settlement of the whole sit-FoundLAutomobile license tag No. 40047',found on Maysville & Lexington pike,between Paris and Lexington. Ownercan obtain same by paying advertising charges. (12-tf)For Rent.Three nice rooms, in good location;suitable for light housekeeping. Apply 314 Scott Avenue. (9-tf)Lost Steer.From the Xalapa Farm a fat steer,weighing about 1,100 pounds. Reward for return or for informationleading to recovery.BEN F. BUCKNER, JR., Mgr.Cum. Phone 1057.IRONWe pay highest prices for iroa,junk, hides and wool.MUNICH & WIDES & CO.,Eighth St., Paris, Ky.,Cumb. Phone 371.(23-tf)FOR SALEAn oak folding bed a combination of bed, dresser and wardrobe;at a low figure if sold immediately.Home Phone 102. (26-tf)Musical Instruments.Pianos, Player-Pianos, Organs,Phonographs, Violins, new and old.Guitars, Mandolins, Strings, PlayerPiano Music Rolls a-nd Sheet Musicrolls and sheet music, and 35c doubledisc phonograph records.I have a good tuner, too, if yoawant your piano tuned, leave nameand address at store.BROWN'S MUSIC STORE,(26-2t) Masonic Temple.I BELIEVEI believe that I am right in thectnclusion that thinking people donot want bargain glasses . any moretnan they would want nature to endow them with" a bargain pair ofeyes.My work is, and always will bojust as good as I know how to makeit. I must give satisfaction in orderthat my business may grow.If you will favor me with yourpatronage, I will see to it that youonly pay a fair price and I will alsopromise you satisfaction, so muchso that you will not hesitate to recommend me to your friends who arein need of eye help.Dr. Wm. Riley FranklinI Both Phonest 520 Main StcKiELiiro mojpbtot; &kw "E vERTTMNGiGBRMS MUSTiGO"The American" Defense Society'sflying squadron is holding a seriesof talks at open air meetings, inNew York, Cleveland Moffett, speaking at Madison Square, said: "Everything German must go. Americanhave got to awaken to the fact thatwithin their gates, right ' next tothem in the cars, in the theatres andother places are German spies andplotters. Congress can do much toward destroying the alien menace,but the plain citizen can do much.Over here, as General Pershing hassaid, we must smash the Germanpropaganda."Even at that we, cannot see whyGermany .should be mad at CountCzernin. The German Chancelleryhas been caught in ten lies to whereCzernin was caught in one.NOTICE-TO-CONTRACTORS!Sealed proposals will be receivedby the Fiscal Court of Bourbon county until 10 o'clock,Thursday, May 2, 1918,at the Court House, Paris, Kentucky, for repairing the followingturnpikes:Jacksonville & Townsend Valley,12 rods.Clay & Kiser, 35 rods.Hill 15 rods.Newtown & Leesburg, 50 rods.Hawkins & Cummins, 30 rods.Pat Collins, 5 rods.Leesburg & Jacksonville, 10 rods.McNeiss, 20 rods.Centerville & Jacksonville, 50rods.Greenwich, 75 rods.Hopewell & Bethlehem, 40 rods.North Middletown & Cane Ridge.20 rods.North Middletown & Levy, 60 rods.south end.North Middletown & Winchester,10 rods.E. K. Thomas, 15 rods.North Middletown & Thatcher'sMill, 40 rods.Stony Point & Seamond's Mill, 20rods.Carlisle & Plum Lick, 40 rods.North Middletown & Owingsville,15 rods.North Middletown & Levy, 20rods, north end.Stringtown, 20 rods.Lot Young, 5 rods.Flat Rock & Jackstown, 20 rods.All stone must be distributed inplaces designated by Road Engineer.The right is reserved to reject anyor all bids, and allotments are subject to change or approval by FiscalCourt.By order of the Fiscal Court ofBourbon County.BEN F. BEDFORD,(19-4 ) Road Engineer.Notice ToBridge C 3ntractorsSealed proposals w ill be receivedby the Fiscal Court of. Bourboncounty at the Oifice of Pearce Patou,County Clerk, onThursday, May 2, 1918,until 12 o'clock, noon, Paris, Kentucky, for the construction of fourreinforced concrete bridges, acrossButler's Branch at Station 157:40,Steel's Branch at Station 213:31.small stream at Station 262:08 aniScott's Creek at Station 414.19, onthe Paris and North MiddletownRoad, No. 9 D. I. No bridge exceeds40 foot clear span with 16 foot roadway. Bids will be received separatelyupon the superstructures and thesubstructures. A lump sum bid maybe made upon all the bridges complete if so desired.Each bid must be accomplishedby a certified check for 5 of theamount of bid submitted and thecheck must be made payable to thesheriff of Bourbon county.For further information concerninglocal conditions and not shownhereon address Ben F. Bedford, County Road Engineer, Paris.Kentucky.Each bid must state a definitetime of completion. The right is reserved to reject any and all bids.The following plans are required fothis work:Substructure plans Nos. 702 and714, substructure plans Nos. 702 and711, and plans of standard reinforcedconcrete slab bridges, and may beseen at the office of the Departmentof Public Roads, Frankfort, Kentucky, or at the office of Ben F. Bedford, County Road Engineer, Paris,Kentucky.ESTIMATED QUANTITIES:1:2:3 concrete 2.5 cu. yds.1:2:4 concrete 137.2 cu. yds.Reinf, steel 24,735.0 lb31:2 concrete 59.6 cu. yd.Handstone 12.4 cu. yd.LOCAL CONDITIONSNearest R. R. station, Paris, Ky.,on L. & N. R. R.Average distance to sites, 6 miles,county roads macadam.Stone can be procured at NorthMiddletown or Paris.Sand at Paris lumber at Paris.Existing structures are to be removed by the contractor for the substructures and .neatly piled up out ofthe way,, andr temporary provisionwill be made by the County RoadEngineer for diverting the traffic.4 (26-30)? K..Ov .If You are Thinking About aPipeless Furnaceand want it properly installedlet us figure with you.Satisfaction guaranteed. We areagents for the Laurel Furnace.None better.We are also exclusive agents for theVIKING CREAMCall and let usLOWRY& MAYiiiiLColumbiaColumbia'Grafcnola No. A, $18.00Columbia Grafonola No. B, $30.00Columbia'Grafonola No. C, $45,00ARDERY DRUG COMPANY410 MAIN STREET PARIS, KENTUCKYThe Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 Street1 ""''Tmg;,?&,-'J5X .V axviE3--"." - '-r?jimSrmm m- 'ftirltfhj -jfptTZLi 'Bourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.?Painting Time Is Here!Don't Let Your Property Decay For theWant of Paint., Il.i ? wSte of good Money o buy cheap paint.WeteUthe Sherwm-Wffliam. Paint-have .old ithere for forty year. We can fill all your wantsto be found in a high class paint establishment.We do your painting rightWall Paperand Paper Hanging.C. A. DAUGHERTYFifth andiv11IISEPARATORSshow them to you.vva: m :GrafonolasI Satisfaction is Onr'. WatchwordI IU1 dil Lilt: 1L LtHL IlTI-m 7 Vpruvemenis m laundryrf appliances and expert, to do work inferior toJ none and solicit yourJfi patronage.Main Streets&1Msa-Wh,V-v-.-,TUESDAY, APRIL 20 1918.TM WMJRBON MB. FAMI, H,IsVl?L(fwl).rr"f"B"""vuJyI... ffOHnufflnnHnnniBniA Business Should beas Big as Its JobIf bigness is of benefit to thepublic it should be commended.The size of a business depends upon theneeds which that business is allied upon toserve. A business should be as big as itsjob. You do not drive tacks with a piledriver or piles with a tack-hammer.Swift & Company's growth hat beenthe natural and ivevitable result of national and international needs.Large-scale production and distributionare necessary to convert the live stock ofthe West into meat and by-products, andto distribute them over long distances tothe consuming centers of the East andabroad.Only an organization like that of Swift &Company, with its many packing plants, hundreds of distributing houses, and thousandsof refrigerator cars, would have been able tohandle the varying seasonal supplies of livestock and meet the present war emergencyby supplying, without interruption:First-Th U. S. soldiers and the Alliesin Europe by shipping as much as 800 carloads of meat products in a single week!SecondThe cantonments in the UnitedStates.Third The retailers upon whom theAmerican public depends for its dailysupply of meat.But many people ask Do producers andconsumers pay too much for the complexservice rendered?Everyone, we believe, concedes the efficiency of the Swift & Company organizationin performing a big job in a big way at aminimum of expense.Swift & Company's total profit in 1917 wasless than 4 cents on each dollar of sales ofmeat and by-products. Elimination of thisprofit would have had practically no effect onlive stock and meat prices.Do you believe that this service can berendered for less by any other conceivablemethod of organization or operation?Thtse questions and others ar answered fullyand frankly in the Swift ft Company 1918 YearBook sent free on request.Address Swift & Company, U. S. Yards, ChicagoSwift & Company, U.S. A.mmiuifinnuiniiiiniifiiiyimjiiuiiiUDiiiiiiiiiiiiinvSjiJyForLend HimAHaiuMMP ' mBDYSifhbeSByENOCH MORGAN'SSONS CO.V. jPATRIOTISMDuy tSAPOLIOECONOMY"Actions speak louder fharrwords -Act- Pont Talk -Buy Nov1WantedMale Help(Age 16 Years or Over)Machine Nailersr Hand NailersWood WorkingMachine Menand Laborers forBox Factory- i.Steady work Good wages. Excellent factory conditions. Half holiday Saturdays with pay.Apply at onco, Superintend entMENGEL BOX COMPANY12th and Ormsby LOUISVILLE, KY.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.' VMrs. Harry Simon left Sundayfor New York, on a business mission.Miss Margaret Bell, of Dayton,Ohio, is a guest of Mrs. Pearl Taylor,on Ferguson street.Mrs. Kate Maddox has returnedfrom a visit to her sister, Mrs. E. W.Hicks, near.Cynthiana.Mr. and Mrs. June Payne havereturned to their home near this cityfrom a winter's stay in Tampa, Fla.Mrs. Katherine Davis f!ra.is- hasreturned from a visit to the familyof Mr. Bailey D. Berry, in Lexington. Mrs. M. D. Wagner has returnedfrom Carlisle, where she has been atthe sickbed of her sister, Mrs. SusanWood.Miss Winnie Williams is very illat the home of her sister, Mrs.Thos. Henry Clay, Sr., on Pleasantstreet.Mrs. Frederick Wallis, of NewYork, is a guest of Mr. and Mrs.Thos. Henry Clay, Sr., on Pleasantstreet.Mr. James Howard and familyhave moved from Greencastle, Ind.,to the Cline property, in North Mid-aietown.Mr. and Mrs. Cecil Buchananand children, of Harden, Ohio, areguests of Mr. Bunt Buchanan and) family, near this city.Mrs. Fred Link and little daughter, Miss Hazel Link, have concludeda visit to relatives in Germantown,and returned to their home in thiscity.Mrs. David Butler, of near Paris,is a patient at the Massie MemorialHospital, where she is under treatment. Mrs. Samuel Bteffs. who has beena guest of her mother, Mrs. EdwardB. Hedges, on Stoner Avenue, has returned to her home in Huntington,W. Va.Mr. and Mrs. E. C. Clevelandand children are at home near Parisfrom a visit to Mrs. Margaret Cook,near Cynthiana.Mr. and Mrs. Carlie Wilmoth,Mrs. J. T. Lail and Mrs. L. C. Moorewere guests last week of Mr, and Mrs.Joseph Brock, near Leesburg, in Harrison county.Mrs. Joseph Mink has returnedto her home in Lexington after avisit to Mr. and Mrs. Emmett Edwards, in this city.Mrs. J. A. McCourt and Mrs. J.P. Gamble have returned to theirhomes in Winchester after a visit tofriends in this city.Miss Jessie Spencer has returnedto her home in Lexington, after avisit to her sister, Mrs. Wni. B. Ardery, in this city.Mrs. Thos. F. Brannon has returned to her home in Lexington after a visit to Mrs. Thomas Maher,on Nineteenth street, in this city.Mrs. Lynn M. Lail. and daughter, who have been guests of Mrs. S.M. Wilmoth and family, in this city,for several weeks, have returned i totheir home in Detroit, Mich.Miss Gladys Snapp, who is a patient at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, where she recentlyunderwent an operation for appendicitis, is improving.Mr. W. H. H. Johnson, who hasbeen an invalid at his home on Second street for over a year, is improving. Mr. Johnson is able to situp and receive visitors.Miss Bessie Brown, who has beena guest of her sister, Mrs. HenryGrosche, and Mr. Grosche, at theirhome on Seventh street, has returned to her home in Detroit, Mich.Misses Hazel and HenriettaArnold, daughters of Mr. and Mrs.H B. Arnold, of Paris, are visitingtheir sister, Mrs. Earl Smith, and Mr.Smith, 'in Simpsonville, Shelbycounty.Mr. and Mrs. Rufus McWhorterand children, and Mr. and Mrs. Shirley Collins have returned to theirhomes in Lexington, after a visitto Mr. George W. Morrow, near Clintonville. Mrs. Harry Booth, of Lawrenceburg, and MlSR Flnrpnno Pqq ofWashington, D. C, returned to theirrespective homes Saturday after avisit to their parents, Mr. and Mrs.A. J. Fee, in this city.--Miss Eugenia Fishback, who isattending the Kentucky Female College at Midway, was a week-endguest of her mother, Mrs. Ada Fishback. Miss Fishback is a member ofthe Senior Class of the College andwill graduate this year.(Other Personals on Page 5.)isaWe suspect that Mr. -Creel is iin-aaequately prepared" forlikely to happen to him.what' is"FEEL EKE GIVING UPMany Paris People On the Verge ofCollapse.iAJ,ad back makes you miserableall the timeLame every morning; sore all day.a4 . urts to stoop it hurts tostraighten.What with headache, dizzy spells,urinary weakness;No wonder people are discouragedWho do not know the kidneysWybe the cause of it all.Give the weakened kidneys needfulhelp.Use a tested and proven kidneyvemedy.None endorsed like Doan's KidnevPills.Mrs. John Mastin, 1439 High St.,ans, says: "I have used Doan's'Kidney Pills with good results and Iknow from the help they gave methat they would be just as beneficialin other cases of kidney trouble. Ihad a dead, dull ache across thesmall of my back and the kidneysacted irregularly. Doan's KidneyPills rid me of those comnlaintR atiHif I should need a kidney remedyagain, I would certainly take.uoan s.Mrs. Mastin is only one of manyParis people who have gratefully endorsed Doan's Kidney Pills. If yourback aches, if your kidneys botheryou, don't simply ask for a kidnpviremedy ask" distinctly for Doan'sKidney Pills, the same that Mrs.Mastin had the remedy backed byhome testimony. 60 cents at allstores. Foster-Milburn Co., Props.,Buffalo, N. Y. "When Your Back isLame, Remember the Name."M la M&TO AID THE FARMER IN BUYINGTRACTORS.CATARRH CANNOT BE CUREDwith LOCAL APPLICATIONS, as theycannot reach the seat of the disease.Catarrh is a local disease, greatly influenced by constitutional conditions,and in order to cure it you must takea-n internal remedy. Hall's CatarrhMedicine is taken internally and actsthrough the blood on the mucous surfaces of the system. Hall's CatarrhMedicine was prescribed by one of thebest physicians in this country foryears. It is composed of some of thebest tonics known, combined withsome of the best blood purifiers. Theperfect combination of the ingredients in Hall's Catarrh Medicine Iswhat produces such wonderful resultsin catarrhal conditions. Send fortestimonials, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Props.,'Toledo, 0.All Druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for constipation. ' (adv-april)THINGS TO WORRY ABOUT!Beat the sun rising; beat thechickens to breakfast; beat the pigseating corn (bread) ; beat Hooversaving wheat; beat your neighboiwar gardening; beat your last rec-jra m Duymg Liberty bonds; 'beatthe -nose of the Kaiser so that thehoys in khaki may beat it home totheir, sweethearts and to peace withhonor. Beat it! fAn arrangement enabling Kentucky farmers to obtain tractors onnotes readily re-discounted, has beenperfected by the U. S. Department ofAgriculture and the Federal ReserveBoard. Tractor paper, under this arrangement, is to be acceepted by themember banks throughout the Federal Reserve system on the same termsas other agricultural paper. The instructions issued by the Federal Reserve Board to all Federal ReserveBanks authorizes them to re-discounttractor paper presented by any member bank, provided it has maturitynot exceeding six months, and provided that the tractors are purchased fcr agricultural purposes.The aii.'tiigement, it is explained,is a p-i -l of the effort of the Government department to aid the farmerin his task of maintaining a maximum production at a time of farmlabor shortage.JB3 B!J 1WHOOPING COUGH.Give Chamberlain's Cough Remedyto keep the cough loose andexpectoration easy. It is excellent.(adv-april)fe Ts fe 'Our observation is that nobody !spends any time in giving a widowadvice about matrimony.Wolf, Wile & CompanyWe Now Offer a Large Number ofWomen'sTailored Suitsat $25.00 to $29.50These are sale prices and represent a big reductionfrom regular market prices.They are suits taken from our regular stock, whichinsures to the purchaser the utmost in style, fabric ancfwomanship.We say without hesitation that valueslike these are exceptional and willmean much to the woman who looksahead somewhat in the future.'We Further Announce the Arrival, ofNEW SUMMER FURSNEW SEPARATE SKIRTSNEW SILK AND CONTON DRESSESNEW LINEN COAT SUITSNEW CAPES ANE WRAPSNEW BLOUSES AND TAILORED SKIRTSWOLF, WILE & CO.LEXINGTON, KY.?- . Wig-aHr8 ' ' ' j----m-w1 -mjjl Bil BR rPS Iat WfmA Pi i!w'SELLERSKitchen CabinetWill make the kitchen -what itought to be, and the manyhours you can save yourselfwill give you much rest.Save Your Self! Save Food !Help Win the War!A BIG SAVING ON GAS RANGES!Let us showjyou how you can save gas bybuying a New Process Gas Range.Many Beautiful Patterns in Rugs!We are giving 20 per cent, off on Rugs duringour War Saving Sale. Let us show you.New Iceberg Saves Ice!That a New Iceberg will save ice hasbeen demonstrated every year forthe past twenty years.We can help you save during wartimes by buing a New Iceberg Refrigerator at a big discount.Get a Duplex Fireless Cooker !That will do your cooking while youare sewing at the Red Cross. The Duplex will COOK while you WORK !f22jj""25EEHlL--.A. F.""3 i t tM.Main and Third St$.?WheelerJe-. ?CHAS. GREEN, ManagerFurniture Co.Opposite Curt HimiINW-a&rfin ionnr;3jTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, rr."nTUESDAY, APRIL 30, 118.. JrfeWS "W WOMEN'S wowcT? INTERESTING TO CLUB .$ WOMEN.To paraphrase a little: Let's maketh.g: land of the free the home of the JTuition will be required from students entering schools outside ofCleveland.' Credit will be given college women,...Full information may be obtainedfrom Miss Josephine Smith, "612 St.Clair Avenue, N. B., Rooni 2-6 Cleveland. . 's&vsd.- ",j$. Jaris boy at the France frontwrites: "Send us smokers and socks."" :.-? At the Hed Cross Rooms."Wednesday Paris Literary Club.Thursday Woman's Society Methodist church.ifriday Woman's Society "Baptistchiirch.Saturday D. A. R.At the Race Meet.The Bourbon Red Cross Chapterwill have charge of the Club .Houseat- the race meet in Lexington, beginning to-morrow, May 1. Luncheonwill be served from 12 to 12. p. ,m.Tea, sandwiches, ice cream, etc.,wilj be served through the .afternoonhours. Help out by patronizing yourown. Woodford County Chapter metwith, fine success last Saturday.6"Timely ReciDes.Dissolve one package of LemonJello in one pint of boiling water,add 4 lb. niarshniaJlows which have"been cut in -halves. Stir untilmarshmallows are about half dissolved, then pour in one No. 1 cangrated pineapple and put a&'ide tocooL When beginning to congealstir in one cup chopped nuts and onecup' whipped cream, measured Afterbeing whipped. Cool in mould.Serve with or without cream.Kentucky has about 950 registerednurses. It has given 167 of thesefor Red Cross enrollment, forty-threeof whom are in active service. Thecall to this branch is becoming moreand more urgent.Plans Nursing: CourseAs a war measure to meet the needfor graduate nurses, the ClevelandLeague of Nursing Education is cooperating with Western Reserve University to give a ten-weeks' preparatory course to young women desirous of entering the nursing profession. The course has the indorsement of the Lake Division Bureau ofNursing.Tie I Mayor's War Advisory Committee of Cleveland has appropriatedfunds for the course, which opensJune 17. The course will be similarto that usually given during the preparatory term in schools of nursing.At ;the completion of this term, students will immediately begin workof nursing selected.Most of the Cleveland hospitalshave recognized schools of nursing. 'Applicants may apply through ttiese jschools or directly to the university.Students entering through theCLENDENIN NEARING GOAL ANDRUNNING ST&ONG.-Associate General Agent R. F.Clendenin, of tne NbrtwesternMutual. Life, 'Insurance ' Company,who has so successfully representedhis company in Paris and adjacentterritory; is in the big Marathoncontest with 6,400 other Northwestern agents scattered throughout theNation, each trying to exceed theothers in the writing of the greatestvolume of business in the UnitedStates,Mr. Clendenin, while near thehead of the list of agents contesting,was -recently called away from TenTtucky on a business mission, andduring iiis temporary absence otheragents forged' slightly ahead of him.Upon his return -home Mr. Clendeninreceived a letter from 'General AgentC. D. Rodman, of the Louisville office,encouraging him to increase his efforts in landing the coveted prize.It is said that Mr. Clendenin feelsconfident of heading the list of the6,400 agents when the contest closeson June 1, 1918. Mr. Rodman's letter to Mr. Clendenin follows:"LOUISVILLE, KY.,"April 23, 1918."Mr. R. F. Clendenin,"Paris, Ky."My Dear Roy:"You have slipped back to thirdplace. No doubt because of the fewdays you were absent. The race,however, is. so close and you are going so strong that you can overtakethe leaders by being on the go everyminute."Bringing to Kentucky the honorof winning the Marathon Race issomething all of your friendsin this agency are interestedin. It 3ias gone beyound thatMy Weekly Bulletin goes to agood many General Agents, and thesemen who are friends of yours andmine, as well as quite a number ofthe Home Office officials, are intensely interested in the outcome."The race is won at the finish.You and I have issued the challenge.It means too much to you andtoo niuch to me for you tolose; therefore, stay right on thejob, knowing that all of yourfriends in this, as well as other general agencies are with you, also theHome Office officials."Sincerely yours,"C. D. RODMAN,"General Agent."RESOLUTIONS-OF RESPECT.. :William' Lovelf Yerkes 'wasborn!near Baltimore, Maryland, June;CO, 1847, and died in Paris, Ken-; Ifirst year of his age. it His father, Rev. Stephen L.Yer?,1.-AC tooo a ProchvtpriiiTi min5ofoi.",fand at one time, at the head of thePresbyterian Theoldgical Seminaryat Danville, Kentucky. Stephen L.Yerkes was a man of great force ofcharacter, of broad education andextensive reading and was one of theleading theologians of his day. Hiswife, the mother of William LovellYerkes, was Amanda) L. Yerkes, aHe devoted a great deal of his timelenergy and ability to the perfectionpf the organization that resulted inmaking this hospital one of the leading institutions of its kind in thiscountry, and to him possibly morethan to any one else, is due the greatSuccess it has attained.He was preeminently a moulder ofcharacter and continually instilledinto his- pupils its intrinsic value,and the scholarship and characterof the young men who came underhis domination cnstitute a pricelessmonument to his memory.As a ticitzen, he was earnest, patriotic, zealous, and a leader in everymovement that made for the betterment of his city, county and State,woman of strong: character, srreat refinement and was much beloved by i and he gave liberally and unselfishlyall who knew her.The family came from Marylandto Kentucky and settled first at Lexington and afterwards at Danville,Kentucky, where William Lovell Yerkes was educated. He afterwardsstudied law with the expectation ofmaking the practice of that profession his life work, but the exampleof his father, and a natural interestin the youth of the land, soon ledhim into the avocation, of teacherand he came to Paris in 1872 andopened a private school for boys,whicli he taught with great successfor more than thirty years.During his early experience in.I Paris, he married Miss Emma Wing,oi uwensooro, JientucKy, who livedbut a few years. After her death,Professor Yerkes traveled extensivelyin Europe, and pursued his studiesthere. After returning to Paris, hemarried Miss Maria Woodford OnApril 26, 1883, who survives him,with three children born of saidunion, John W. Yerkes, Mrs. AmandaMay, wife of Henry May, and MissElizabeth (Tot) Yerkes. ProfessorYerkes also leaves one brother, Hon.John W. Yerkes, of Danville, Kentucky, and Washington, D. C, andone sister, Mrs. J. Stonestreet VanMeter, of Los Angeles, California.Professor Yerkes was Mayor of theCity of ParisIS TS5WOOL WANTED.Highest market price paidfor wool. Plenty- of sacksschools will receive room and board and twine at our mule barnat the hospitals. Those leaving the nn ZnuU Main Sfrpprchoice of schools until after comple- JS JL; .IV.,tion of the course will be expected CAYWOOD & McCLINTOCK.to meet their own living expenses. J (aprl9-lm)National Bank Examiner for aboutten years, both of which positionshe filled with signal ability and unselfish devotion to duty.to every cause for the relief of suffering, the enlightenment of theyoung or the betterment of humanity. He was modest in his manner andI apparently as bashful as a child, butto tnose wno Knew mm nest, neappeared absolutely without fear andwith the' courage of his convictionupon every question. While he wasan ideal citizen and a foremost educator and patriotic public servant,he was probably better known andappeared to a better advantage in hishome circle. He was devoted to hiswife and children, his books andfriends amd was always concerned inmaking the lives of those around himeasier and better.In his latter years, and after retiring from the proression of teaching, he remained President of theMassie Memorial Hospital Board ofTrustees and his last years of laborwere marked by his earnest devotion to the cause of suffering humanity as exemplified and relievedthrough that institiution.He- has left his impress upon thecommunity and upon every organization with whicli he was associated,thereforeBE IT RESOLVED, That it is thesense of the Mayor and Board ofCouncil of the City of Paris, thatour community has lost a valuedfioi fnPTaornnovfJ aV 18'Wen, that his family have lost a1896, to January 18,-1898, and wasLnMont a fntw n-n TniCv,nr,iand a brother and that the State haslost in him one of its most devotedcitizens.T3TT" TT T7TTT?TTITrT T?TTCrT .VTrirProfessor Yerkes was probably mi.., nr. ,.!, i, f ,,nn IflniSnr r l S mun.lty Hliis memory, a page be set apart onStw records of the proceedings ofother relationship, as there are few fllla hni,v .,, fW this rpnii?tinTiT?A11TOt mo 11- T3 r 1 1 W -m i4-. ,..V.A I -fcJ v.j t v w.w -uw u wvuJ"W"t3 "Wli 111 UUUIUUU UUUUtY WilUHEAL ESTATE DEALS AHB LAUD' o SAIjES, - ,;; -Mr. B..S. Earrish, who conducts ageneral merchandising business atAusterlitz, has sold his stock andgood will in the business to Mr. LeeHardman, of Clark " county. Mr.Hardman will take' possession of thebusiness on July 1. "David Patterson purcnased of Harry Mitchell last week two acres ofunimproved land, near the oldSchwartz lime kiln, for $360 peracre.Cltaude Chappell purchased of A.G. DeJarnette a one-story irame cottage on South High street, for$1,650, .for investment purposes.Isaac Eurove, one of 'the Bourboncounty draftees, who left for CampZachary Taylor Monday, disposed ofhis two-story frame house on Tenthstreet, near the L. & N. passengerstation, Mr. B. Friedman becomingthe purchaser at $1,900. The salewas made through the real estatefirm of Harris & Speakes.The Current farm, located on theHawkins & Cummins pike, in thiscounty, containing 152 acres, wassold last week by Calvin Jones andSamuel Houston, to Mr. Carl Long,for $280 per acre. Mr. Long, whois now farming in Nicholas county,will take immediate possession, andwill move to the place this week toreside.Mrs. Louis Mussinon -yesterdaypurchased of Mr. Musselman, ofNew York, the. big iron-clad warehouse, on Pleasant, street, used forthe past twenty years by the firmof Abnee & Mussinon as a tobaccostorage house. The price paid forthe place was not given out for publication. The deal was completedjesterday, and the house leased fora year to McClintock & Collier, whowill operate it as a tobacco storageand handling warehouse.XEHTUCrY .T100PS VWILL BESEHT TOERAJTCE SOOlfUnder a plan, that is being prepared by the" general staff, the Kentucky-IndianaNational Guard division will be dismantled and the Infantry units belonging to it will berushed to Trance in advance of thoremainder of the division.The artillery units and other organizations belonging to the divisionwill remain at Hattiesburg, Miss.,for further training.The .infantry units will be used i&the battle line in France whereverthey will best fit in, which may placethem, with French or British troops.Ultimately, when the artillery andother units of the division go toFrance, the division will be reformedaccording to the "general staff plan,and the Kentucky and Inidanaguardsmen will be together again.The crying need in France is forinfantry and the whole energy of thewar department is being directedf temporarily to the segregation of inI f antry organizations from the Na-tional- Guard and National Armycamps in order that they may besent to France with the utmost possible speed.This order will take many Parisand Bourbon county boys from CampShelby to the fighting zones, and nobetter soldiers ever carried anequipment and none will do morevaliant service than they!CARD OF THANKS.have reached maturity in the lastgeneration, who did not attend hisrchool, and this large circle of youngmen, several hundred in number, isthe strongest evidence of the worth"and character of this good man. Inthe schoolroom he was patient, earnest, energetic and thorough and ferthere were indeed of "my boys," ashe called them, who did not love hima& a father, and so thorough hadbeen his work in the educationalline that his influence for goodamong the young men of this community will be felt for many years tocome.Upon the organization of the W.I luabssie memorial uospitai lnji-uris,.rroiessor lerKes was madePresident of the Board of Trusteesof said institution and served in thatcapacity until his continued absencein .California required -his severinghis connection with said institution.be inscribed thereon; and that a copyof these resolutions, duly attested bythe Mayor and City Clerk under theseal of the City of Paris be furnishedto the family of the deceased andpublished in the local papers.E. B. JANUARY,Miyor of 'the City of Paris.Attest:J. W. HAYDEN, Clerk.1 to mOUR SPRING. DISPLAYOf boys' suits is unequaled anywhere. Ours' are the lasting kind,priced at $10 and $12.50.J.'W. DAVIS & CO.I .153 E3 tSFOR BOY SCOUTS.Daugherty Bros., the official Boy Scout Outfitters.(aprl9-tf)The solicitors for the War CampFund of the Knights of Columbusfor Bourbon county desire to thankmost sincerely the generous responseof all classes of citizens to their appeal for funds. Especially did ournon-Catholic neighbors and friendscontribute ' liberally and cheerfully,and the spirit manifested in thiswork towards the cause was beautiful and we are sure will be abiding.MRS. ED. BURKE,MRS. DENIS DUNDON,MRS. M. J. LAVIN,MISS KATE BURKE,MISS ELIZABETH BROWN,MISS CAROLYN ROSEBERRY,MRS. JAS. CONNELL,MRS. J. M. FLANAGAN,MRS. MOLLIE ROCHE,MRS. JOE CONNELL,MRS. J. J. CONNEL, Chairman.E. M. COSTELLO, County Chairman W. C. F.PS fe fe. What has become of the old-fashionedreckless merchant who waswilling to throw in an extra pair ofstrings when you bought a couple ofshoes ?BIG SPECIAL.Get your "Hygeno Sweeper" for98 cents next Thursday at 9 o'clock.See display ad on page 5 and windowdisplay.THE J. T. HINTON CO.Salesladies Wanted!Wanted at once several salesladiesfor department store work. Inquireat this office. (it)Dissolution Notice.The firm of Fightmaster & Harphas been mutually dissolved, Mr.Harp retiring from the firm. Mr.Fightmaster will be responsible forall bills contracted for the firm inthe future. All persons indebted tothe firm will please call and settle.J. C. FIGHTMASTER,L. L. HARP.If the war continues five yearsprobably we shall see conservativeAmericans trying to mortgage theirautomobiles to buy homes for the'irfamilies.For Sale.2 small covered wagons and harness; 30 bales timothy hay; '3 show cases;1 4-ft. counter;2 candy furnaces;3 ice boxes;1 3-horse power General ElectricCo. Motor, with nulleys . shaf tins:.belting, etc.H. J. GROSCHE,(It) Paris, Ky.The Entire Store Has Cleared Decks For Heavy Action! If You Want to Get Some Verv RealSavings on Some Very Real Merchandise, Be Here for Your Share of the Bargains of: OurmmNew Model SuitsDistinctively Different.We have assembled the season's choicestsuits for this sale. The styles and shadesare right up to the minute.Suits, regular $22.50 and $25.00 values,Economy Sale price $ 1 8,75Suits, regular $30.00 and $35.00 values,Economy Sale price $24,75Suits, regular $45.00 and $50.00 values,Economy Sale price $39.50EMt? SALE!Notwithstanding the Constantly Increased Cost of Merchandise, We are Still Able to Offer the FollowingVery Interesting Values:Trimmed Hats at Special Prices!Every Idea and Style Represented in this Groupining the Wanted Colors and Blacks$3.00 Values,Economy Sale price $2.39$4.00 Values,Economy Sale price $3,29S5.00 Values,Economy Sale price $3.98includ-$6.00 Values,Economy$7.50 Values,Economy$10.00 Values.EconomySale priceSale priceSale price$4.98$5.98$7.98Economy Sale Specials inHosiery.Ladies' Silk Hose, regular 50c values,. colors, black and white, pair 39cLadies' Silk Hose,regular 75c values, pair 69cLadies' Silk Lisle Hose,regular 50c values, pair. . .' 39cEconomy Sale Special.One lot of Laces, regular 5c quality,your choice, per yard 2 1 -2cEconomy Sale Special.Silk Petticoats, regular $2.0 values,at $1.98Ladies Spring & Summer CoatsEmbracing all that is new in materials,colors and styles Coats for every occasion:$22.50 and $25.00 values at $ 1 8.75$30.00 and $35.00 values at $24.75$45.00 and $50.00 values at $39.50BEAUTIFUL DRESSESNew and numerous styles, with elegancetound only in high-class dresses.$22.50 and S25.00 values at $ 1 8.75'$30.00 and $35.00 values at $24.75$45.00 and $50.00 values at $39.50Economy Sale Specials inUnderwear.Ladies' Gauze Vests, ,regular 25c values, each 19cLadies' Union-Suits,regular 50c values, each 29cEconomy Sale SpecialBridal Long Cloth, regular $2.50quality, 10 yds to bolt, a bolt. , . $ 1 .98Economy Sale SpecialCurtain Net, regular 35c and 40c. quality, per yard 22 1 -2cEconomy Sale Specials inCorsetsOne special lot of "American Lady"Corsets, regular $3.00 and $3.50values at $2.2 9Kegular $2.00 and 2.50 values at. .$ 1 .79Regular $1.25 and $1.50 values at. . . .98cEconomy Sale SpecialBed Spreads, regular $2.50 values,each $ 1 .69Economy Sale Specials InWaistsOne lot of Waists, regular $6.00 and$7.50 values at $4.95One lot of Wash Waists, regular$1.25 and $1.50 values at 98cEconomy Sale SpecialOne lot of Embroideries, regular12 l-2c quality, per yard 3cEconomy Sale SpecialOne Lot Lace Curtains II 1 Dvalues up to $4.509 at nail rUCe,This Sale BeginsOnceHarrySi m onThis' Sale Is ForCash OnlyfX'" c.xTUESDAY, APRIL-SO, ISIS.THE BOURBON Tn5WS,vFAIUS, IT.j r 4; JV., i,j "FOR THE BEST. NOTHING ELSESOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.WOOL WANTED.Sacks and twine.C. S. BRENT & BRO.(aprl9-4t).fc fe 1FEESH STRAWBERRIES.Fine fresh strawberries receivedevery day. Let us have your order.(It) C. P. COOK & do.THURSDAY MORNING 9 O'CLOCKGet a Hygeno Sweeper for 98 centsat above time. No phone orderstaken. None charged.THE J. T. HINTON CO.HARD TOEXTRACTALLEN.SAYS JIMEditor James M. Allen says, in his"Pert and Pertinent" column in theCynthiana Democrat:"A fellow suspected of being a German spy was arrested in Paris, Ky.,last week while gazing at the courthouse clock. Nobody but a superspy could hope to extract information worth anything from a courthouse clock."RELIGIOUS.NEW P. H. S. TEACHER.Miss Daizey Moore, instructor ofhistory in the Winchester HighSchool, has been elected by the ParisBoard of Education as instructor inBnglish for the Paris High Schoolfor next year. The new position- Inch Miss Porter has decided to accept carries with, it a salary of ?90a month. Miss Porter is one of then.ost capable educators in CentralKentucky, and has a large circle offriends in Winchester who will giveher up to Paris unwillingly, butwho wish her success here.isa Ps psFLORAL AGENTCut flowers, funeral designs, etc.,gotten on short notice. Phone mevour order.JO. S. VAItDEN.& m piLETTERS OE APPRECIATIONThe city authorities of Paris havereceived letters from the Departmentof Justice at Washington, express-ing tneir apyicwauuu w. - -done by the lacal police in the registiation of German aliens in this community. ...The letter goes on to state tnatit is now necessary to take up thework of registering female Germanaliens, and asks that this matter beiven immediate consideration. TlieSlans as regards the women will besubstantially the same as those followed in the case of the men.m m mWOOL WANTED.Call and get sacks andtwineR. B. HUTCHCRAFT & CO.(aprS0-6t) .m "WOOL POR OUR SOLDIERSIs the first consideration; civiians next. For that reason yourclothes needs now command your immediate attention.J. W. DAVIS & CO.DON'T PORGET THE TIME.Thursday morning at 9 o'clock wesell you a $3.00 Hygeno Sweeper for98 cents. See display ad. and window' exhibit. None charged.THE J. T. HINTON CO.SOME PISH STORY.Those Bourbon County fishermenwho pride themselves upon theirability to tell a good fish story shouldlook to their laurels, as a new champion has arisen. In a recent issueof the Mt. Sterling Advocate thereappeared the following: ,..,"Arthur Triplett, son of WilliamTriplett, came near being drownedhile fishing. A fish took his poleand went to the middle of the creekYoung Triplett swam out to get hispole and the fish pulled him under.After some time and help he landeda three pound and 10 ounce bass.1BR mTO OTJR PATRONS OP BOURBONCOUNTY.We wish to announce that on andafter May 1. 1918, we will not extend credit to any one, and wishthose who have accounts with usould kindly settle same. We wishto thank the people of Bourboncounty for their past dry cleaninggiven us and we cordially solicityour future dry 'cleaning.tup. TT TCPTRIO DRY CLEANERS,Fifth and Eighth, near TractionOffice,T hones, East T. 901, Home, 12.(30-2t)THINGSTO WORRY ABOUT.A demure maiden came trippinginto THE NEWS office the otherday, and handed the fojlogepistle to the man on guard, mename, for obvious reason, has beendeleted by the censor:q b , "who recently purchased a five-passenger Ford, isdoing some daring stunts with thishungry 'varmint.' wny, iuik&, dtiuallyC makes this 'Tin Lizzieoose trot, walk on its hind legs,climb rock fences, lay down bars,open gates, talk to the girls, anddoggone if he don't even make it singYankee Doodle without missing anote every time he turns a corner.Why, boys, C can make a TinLizzie' do anything, even blow itshorn fight -in 'the face of an Overland."Mrs. John A. Lyle is a guest ofMrs. F. J. Cheek, in Danville.. Mr. J. A. Stern left Sunday forMt. Cleniens, Mich., for an extendedvacation stay.Mrs. Jack Owsley left yesterdayfor Covington, to remain a few dayswith Miss Edna Huffman.Mr. Warren Williams, of Paris,was a guest the past week of JudgeN. B. Turpin, in Richmond. -Mrs. Henry. Funk, of Cincinnati,is visiting her sister, Mrs. J. V.Lytle, and other relatives in Paris.Mrs. Maude Flynn and littlenephew, Charles B. Nelson, Jr., wereguests of relatives in Paris, 'Saturday, xMr. H. H. Harris, Superintendentof the Jackson, Ky., public schools,was a guest Saturday and Sundayof Mr. D. Y. L. Farley.Mrs. Leer Stout and Mrs. J. A.Stern have returned from a tendays' visit to friends and relativesin Birmingham, Alabama.-rMr. Robert S. Porter left Saturday for Louisville, where he underwent a surgical operation at NortonInfirmary by Drs. Louis Frank andHaines, of Louisville.Sunday's Courier-Journal says:"Mrs. Clark Barnett, of Paris, andniece, Miss Elizabeth Martin, havegone to Webster, Ky., where theyare guests of Mr. and Mrs, Thos.Lyddan and Misses Helen and MaymeLyddan." vMr. and Mrs. Kershel Humble,of Somerset, have arrived for a visitto the latter's mother, Mrs. I. D.Thompson. Mr. Thompson left lastweek for Red Boiling Springs, Tenn.,o remain some time for the benefitof his health.Mrs. W. C. Potts is a patient atthe Massie Memorial Hospital. Mrs.Potts underwent an operation at theinstitution yesterday for the removalof tonsils and adenoids, and is getting along very nicely.Mr. Richard Sales, of Paris, andMr. Ernest Johnson, of Georgetown,were promotors of an enjoyable dancegiven at the Masonic Temple lastweek. A large number of out-of-townvisitors were present and participated in the pleasures of the evening. Mr. W. H. H. Johnson, who hasbeen a "shut-in" at his home on Second street, for several months, isable to sit up, and would be pleasedto have his friends call. Mr. Johnson has been practically an invalidsince sustaining a broken leg in afall over a year ago.Mr. Frank Remington receiveda telephone message yesterday fromNorton Infirniary in Louisville, toto the effect that Mr. R. S. Porter, ofthis city, was operated on at that insituation at 9:30 a. m., by Dr. LouisFrank, and had rallied nicely fromthe effects.(Other Personals on Page 5.)i 1e U3BOURBON COUNTY'S RECORD INTHIRD LIBERTY LOAN.The women of the Presbyterianchurch will hold their -regularweekly prayer meeting at Mrs.Neely's at 4 o'clock Thursday afternoon. , ,The Union Sunday School atDeaver School, on the Jackstownpike, will be reorganized on nextSunday afternoon, May 5, at 2:30o'clock. Sunday school will be heldregularly each Sunday afternoonthereafter. A cordial invitation isextended to all to attend.At the Enlistment meeting heldin the Baptist church in this cityover $500 was raised for the missionmovement fund which is beingfinanced by the church in the South.Sermons were delivered in the afternoon and evening by Rev. F. W.Eberhardt, Rev. R. C. Goldsmith andRev. John Beagle.Next Sunday, May 5, will be observed by the churches and Sundayschools of the State of Kentucky as aState-wide "Go - to - Sunday - SchoolDay." The day will be observed under the auspices of the KentuckyState Sunday School Association, theRev. Dr. George A. Joplin, executiveSecretary, and it will have as its object the attendance of at least 1,000,000 persons in the Sunday Schools ofthe State during the day. Specialprogrammes prepared for use on thatday have been sent out by the association to every Sunday School in theState.Plans are being made for theholding of the annual convention ofthe Kentucky State Christian Endeavor Union at Covington, Ky., May10 'to 12. The last afternoon of theconvention, Sunday, May 12, will bedevoted to a special service in honorof the boys and girls of the societiesof the State who have answered thecall of the nation and are now in thearmy, navy, Y. M. C. A. or Red Crosswork. It is expected that severalhundred young people will be in attendance on the convention. Eachsociety in the State is entitled to onedelegate for each ten members.Plans have been made -by theInternational Sunday School Association, with headquarters in Chicago,ior ODservmg me weeic or may o lo12 of this year as a continent-wide"Children's Week." The plan is theoutgrowth of the recent observanceby the International Y. M. C. A. ofa "Father and Son Week," and theeffort will be made to have simulta-'neous celebrations similar to those ofthe Father , and Son ' movement inevery community in America. Themain subject to be stressed duringthese celebrations is "The Religious'Education of the Children."c- -- EZS? Copyriebt 1817, A B. Kirscbbaum Co. K "The official compilation of themoney received in the banks ofBourbon county for the Third LibertyLoan campaign in this county putsBourbon "over the top" to the tuneof ? 556,000. This totally eclipsesall previous efforts and makes Bourbon county one of the record-breakingcounties in the district.The sale of War Stamps is still inprogress and the total amount purchased to date has gone considerablyover ?160,000. The figures in thehands of the promotors of the campaign show the sale of the LibertyBonds through the banks of thiscounty to have been as follows upto noon last Saturday: Bourbon-Ag-liculturalBank & Trust Co., $173,300; Peoples-Deposit Bank & TrustCo., $140,800; First National Bank,1 5,000; Farmers' & Traders' Bank,$37,450; North Middletown DepositBank, $41,950; Clintonville Farmers'Bank, $7,500; Millersburg Banks(combined) ?80,000 a total of$556,000.' ?s la.Insure withW.O.IHJNITON &SON,AgtsBIG SPECIAL.Get your "Hygeno Sweeper" for98 cents next Thursday at 9 o'clock.See display ad on page 5 and windowdisplay.THE J. T. HINTON CO.JSl fe 1E5APPELLATE COURT DECISIONMen's and Young Men's"Clothes That Satisfy''Every man and young man's taste can be satisfied in buying their clotheshere. We have made special efforts this season to select the best styles and valuesthat can be found in town. The styles of the hour have been provided for the welldressers. The regular military styles with the five-seam and plain backs' are to befound in form-fitting models with plain or fancy patch pockets.Greens, blues, greys and fancy mixtures, in new patterns and new weaves,.,are to be found in our splendid assortment of suits. As for values well, you'll besatisfied you can do better here than elsewhere.12.50 to $35.05Sg CkiHto Great values. The very newestJ- llir 19 and best styes.$4.00 to $6.00R. P. WALSH7th and MainOne-Price StoreParis, Ky,MONTGOMERY MAN LOSES STOCKBARN BY ffERE.Ar large stock and feed barn on thefarm and near the residence of JohnT. Woodford, formerly of Bourbon,near Mt. Sterling, was destroyed byAre. The barn had not been visitedfor several days and how the fireoriginated is unknown, but the theory i th)a,t possibly some tramp spentthe night there and threw away alighted cigarette or match. A quantity of timothy hay and straw wasstored in the barn, all of which wasdestroyed. The loss was partiallycovered by insurance.tsa isWind and LightningIn the Court of Appeals at Frankfort, Saturday, in the case of Clay-s. Clay, from Bourbon, a motion tofile petition for a rehearing was sustained and the time extended to May21, 1918.Fire,Insurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.NEWQ. R. S.PlayerRollsSomewhere in France isthe Lily.The Dixie Volunteers.The Tickle Tee.Au Revoir. But Not Goodbye, Soldier Boys.PARIS TUREMAN ELECTED HEADOF RACE COMMISSION.At ttie annual meeting of theThoroughbred Horse Association,held in the Phoenix Hotel, in Lexington, Saturday night, following theelection of the Board of Directorsfor the year, Mr. Arthur B. Hancock, of Paris, master of the Claiborne and Bllerslie Studs', was elected president to succeed Mr. CiasH.Berryman. Maj. Thos. C. McDowellwas elected to succeed Mr. Hancockas vice-president.Mr. Hancock will preside to-mor.-iow at a meeting to be held at eleveno'clock for the purpose of discussingwork in behalf of the American RedCross Fund, jandothermatters of interest to the members of the Assoc!Come In and HearThese Latest Hits. .mMBig Special Sale!IiKODAKSVICTROLASETC.DaughertyBros.. Fifth and Main411 11 iT I dThursdayMorningMAY 2At 9:00 O'clocksasESSIi50HYGENOSTEEL CARPETSWEEPERS.WORTH $3.00, EACH B98cSee The BigWindowDisplayOnly one sold to eachcustomer.None sold before the saleday.No phone orders will beaccepted.None sent C. O. D.A WONDERFUL BARGAINBe Here on Time!You will be sure to admit that this is a wonderful bargain.You will wonder how it is possible to secure such splendidsweepers to sell at such a low price. It is merely anotherdemonstration to give our patrons the advantage of every"special purchase we make, having secured 50 of these sweepers from one of the largest manufacturers in the country as abig special sale feature offering. $3.00 won't buy a bettersweeper. Made of steel; light in weight, but very strong.The HYGENO sweepers are handsome, having beautiful mahogany baked enamel finish and nlckle trimmings.Don't Fail to See Them on Display inOur Window.Just the intense interest being manifested in the disnlavand the comments on the very low price of only 98 cents, th ere 4win oe a quicit saie oi tms lot oi ou xvjjnu sweepers.Rememjper only 50 of these sweepers m this sale and if youappreciate a big bargain and want to obtain your sweeper it isessential that you be here promptly at 9 o'clock Thursdaymornincr. Positively none sold before this time. At 98c theywill go like hot cakes. JNo phone orders, none sent C. O. D.and none charged.THEJ.T.HINTONCO"EITHERPHONE'"36SIXTH AND MAIN STS.l-HUMSation.QTUESDAY, APRIL 30, iflf.v .EeKE!9B9BHBBKS9E9!SURE. BILL NEEDSG. LINK IS TOBy WTNCIU KING, in LeuiiYilU Hral4, April 11, Mi.E. M. WHEELEl'TTHE BOUftBON NEWS, ?AKIS, KT.fijj'i.;;ta. aaaaaaaaaaa.i,!RETURNOfflffiWill Get Back On Job Since TanlacTreament Helped' HisKheumatism"My rheumatism was so bad that Icoudn't walk. I was down in bedand hadn't worked for six or sevenmonths. Tanlac Rheumatism Treatment certainly fixed me up. I've onlytaken one package of the treatment,hut I'm already able to be up andaround and hope to 'get back to workbefore long."This was the statement of GusLink, 108 Berry street, Dayton, Ky."I had rheumatic aches and painsin the entire lower portion of mybody," Mr. Link continued. "It wasimpossible at times for me to evenmove my limbs because of the pains.The shooting pains came in my arms,too, and I was stiff and sore all"I tried all kinds of medicines butnothing seemed to 'help me."Finally a neighbor brought mehome a package of Tanlac Rheumatims Treatment and I tried it. Thatone package has put me on my feet.I'm still taking the treatment andam getting better rapidly. I hope tohe able to go back to work soon,and, to tell the truth, I'm lookingfor a position now."I'm certainly pleased with TanlacRheumatism Treatment and recommend it to anybody who has rheumatism." If you suffer from rheumatism, getTanlac Rheumatism Treatment today! You can get it atVARDEN & SON'S.Take Tanlac, the famous tonic, ifyou feel run down. Tanlac is purelyvegetable and it builds up andstrengthens folks who feel run downand weak. It is excellent to put abad stomach back in shape. You canget Tanlac atVARDEN & SON'S.(adv)T5I ES ISA New York optimist believes thatthe Germans will become good eventually. Yes, General Haig isk increasing the number of good Germansevery day.m S3 raA man often calls in the doctor toattend to "his wife when all that sheseeds is a little love and affection.MARGOLEN'SALL FRUITSVEGETABLESFISHAND MEATSare kept inside our store inseparate refrigerators everything screened and freefrom, dust and flies.Buy where edibles' arekept in a sanitary manner. Our serviee isprompt.MARGOLEN'SSanitary Meat Market?BAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly RollCream PuffsDoughnuts, Rolls, PiesGROCERYFruitsFresh VegetablesMEATDEPARTMENTRoatsLamb, Veal, PorkBrainsWILMOTHfircry Co.Phone 376SAVINGS INCREASEDPEOPLE ARE LEARNING HABITSOF THRIFT, SAY BANKERS.Deposits In Savings DepartmentsShow Little Effect From Purohasesof Liberty Bonds and Stamps.Louisville, Ky. The April TradeLetter of the Union National Bank ofLouisville, just being sent out overKentucky by that prosperous institution, contains valuable informationthat should be read by every bankerIn the entire state. With reference tothe War Savings campaign the letterhas the following:"Before the outbreak of the war,the normal savings of the Americanpeople were placed at from $5,000,000,000 to $6,000,000,000 per year. Todaythey are estimated around $15,000,000,000. As can be seen it is possible,indeed, essential that we finance thewar as far as practicable out of thecurrent earnings and savings of thepeople, and each day brings about aclearer conception of this idea. Thepurchase of War Savings i and ThriftStamps is extending rapidly, $5,000,000 being sold in March, and it is estimated that out of the jingling, burningpocket money of men, women and children, there will be loaned to the Government, without serious sacrifice,$2,000,000,000 a sum equal to theFirst Liberty Loan."On April 1, 1917, there was in thelocal Postal Savings Bank $310,000.In spite of heavy withdrawals, someby foreigners who foolishly feared theGovernment might seize their savings,and others for the purpose of buyingLiberty Bonds, the net deposits duringthe year ending March 31, 1918, increased $12,000."In the savings department ofLouisville banks and trust companies,shere it was thought payments for.Liberty Bonds would hit hardest, wefind for the year ending March 1, 1918,a reduction of less than 2 per cent,but there has been an increase in thenumber of depositors, whose potentialvalue more than offsets the amount lost.This amount has not been dissipated.It represents part of an investmentand carries with it a power plus afixed habit of enduring benefit. Asagainst this trifling, temporary loss insavings, general deposits in Louisvillehave increased during the year endingApril 1st over $5,000,000, and individual deposits in national banks of theUnited States increased between May1, 1917, and December 31, 1917, oyer$1,000,000,000."W. S. S.Save For America.Saving is vital to the success ofthe war. France has been able tomake a gallant fight against Germanybecause her people were taught thehabit of thrift. During the LibertyLoan there should be no let-up insaving, and the sales of War SavingsStamps, as was the experience inEngland, ought to increase.Every time you buy a War SavingsStamp, with money you have saved,you are performing a patriotic service.The government merely asks you tolend the money and will pay interestIn 1923 you will receive the face valuein gold. Buy War Savings Stampsand help win the war.w. s. s."But Now He Is a Patriot"Chairman John O. Street, of Toddcounty, responding to & fetter fromState headquarters urging that heinaugurate the chain-letter campaignin his territory, writes as follows:"By the time you receive this I willhave five chain-letters mailed to different sections of the country, andthat despite the fact that until thisawful war I regarded the chain-letterfiend as an enemy to his race, butnow he is a patriot, and I hope thatby his activity he will turn multipliedthousands of dollars imto the greatcause."SETTING THE PACE AMONGKENTUCKY EDUCATORSmmmnO. L. Reld.Superintendent O. L. Reid, of the;Louisville Schools, leads Kentuckyschool men in the direct work beingdone in the schools in the promotionof the War Savings Campaign. Todate he has organized more than sixhundred War Savings Societies amongthe school children of the city, andthese boys and girls are saving thousands of dollars monthly and loaningit to their Uncle Sam for the successful prosecution of the war. Superintendent Reid has demonstrated thatthe War Savings Society is the realthing in this great war. Superintendent Reid has demonstrated that theWar Savings Society is the rsal thingin this great war activity, and cityand county school men all over Kentucky can learn how it is done bywriting him of his plan of campaigns.The schools will co-operate fully inadvertising the third Liberty Loancampaign, but it is not the desire ofthe authorities to have this bond campaign interfere with the steady workof the War Saviags Societies. Secretary McAdoo has passed on this matter in the following words:"Where efficient War Savings Societies are actually obtaining systematic and adequate subscriptions toWar Savings Stamps, this work shouldnot be interfered with by an endeavorto supersede the War Savings Societies by the introduction of the partialpayment plan for subscriptions to Liberty Loan bonds."In raising nearly $12,000 for ourGovernment during the month ofMarch we have proved that we cando a very vital work in helping to winthe war. I shall depend upon everyone connected with the schools to holdthis splendid service on the high planeof successful performance that it nowoccupies."W. S. S.Fine Work of Rural Carrier.Chairman U. M. Swinford, of Nicholas county, turns in the following bitof good news:"During the month of March Forrest Thompson, Rural Carrier onRoute One, Moorefield, Ky., sold$5,860 worth of War Savings Stamps.I thought mention of this might stimu-ilate other rural carriers to endeavorto sell Stamps."w. s. s.,Good Work In Russellvllle Schools.Superintendent W. N. Shackelford,of the RuBsellville Public Schools,writes State Headquarters as follows:"Have sold and delivered $5,004worth of War Savings Stamps in ourschools during the past ten days. Thechildren have at least about $ 4 000pledged, but they want the cards sothat they can get credit for sales. Weare going to do our level best, andafter that is done, we are going to gettogether and try ant do a littlt btUrstill." 'RUGA CARjfc.BOUGHT AT THEJ RIGHT PRICEThese rugs must be turned into money quick, though, forus to get out on them,; hence the bargain prices we offer.-Room Size Rugs in Floral and ConventionalDesigns.;Also o beautifulators in white, green and oak finished steel.f All white enameled inside. Prices ranging to suit every buyer.Also a Beautiful Line of Iron Beds Just ReceivedSomething to Suitf Every Household.E. M. Wheeler Furniture CompanyROBNEEL BUILDING, COR. EIGHTH AND MAIN STREETSIff f li rt: va383olWA Nobby Showing0ressec?For Misses and Ladies at aspecial price of14.75EACHThis Week Only,iyV-'ipj ,'Z" .-, t "-i' wA r&' 7 'A W h$!&AU SBS11WlSftill:v.Mi!l 8S?pnx f I Iff wiLyr I I Mih'-AJl iilK--l li - i tlf 'Ai implri t j JWiffik -.Twin Btos.Department sitrtBIGSPECIALLOAD OF RUGSline of Progress Sanitary All-metal RefrigerIXiGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets. Paris, KLet Us Serve You IThis company is a public servant in a greater capacity thanother utilities, such as railroad, the gas or electric light andpower companies, because it serves you day and night oftentimes in matters of extreme importance. The doctor, the policaor the fire department are immediately summoned by our rapidservice. Wc give you prompt connection with the trades-peopleor your triends.HAVE YOU A PHONE?The cost is reasonable and is something few people canafford to do without. We are a home insttitution and are vitally interested in the town's welfare. We can help you. Yoacan help us. Let's get together.Paris Home Telephone S Telegraph Go.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH,District Manager.fir ftNowps the Timeto Figure on-YourSpring Painting;ANDPaperingLet Us Make an Estimate for You Before Placing Your Order, CallUs Over Home Phone 399.KANE! a a;W. H. CANEON,Lttml Manager.BROS.Sifi:;SMsiTUESDAY, APRIL 30, 1918.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.r .XJOY TOASTED CIGARETTES,")Through the patriotism of the citizens of this country thousands ofmoke kits are being distributed toAmerican soldiers in France. Authorities agree that men in the trenchesneed cigarettes almost as much asiood and munitions.Doctors, nurses, and commandingofficers all join in the demand whichhas awakened in this country a greatmovement to keep our boys suppliedwith smokes.Millions of the famous LUCKYSTRIKE Cigarettes are "going over"all the time. There's somethingabout the idea of the toasted cigarette that appeals to the men whospend their time in cold, wet trenchesand billets.Then, too, the real Kentucky Burleytobacco of the LUCKY STRIKE cigaxette gives them the solid satisfactionof a pipe, with a lot les3 trouble.You Don't Have toStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRangei 'Im .SENATE ADOPTS RESOLUTION-FOR REGISTRATION- OFYOUNG MEN.WASHINGTON, April 26. TheHouse late Thursday adopted theSenate resolution for the registration for military service of youngmen who have reached the age of 21years since June 5 last. The measurenow goes to conference. feAn amendment offered by Representative Hull, of Iowa, and adopted119 to 81, provides that men registered under the bill shall be placedat the bottom of the classes to whichthey may be assigned.The House sustained the MilitaryCommittee in striking out the provision of the bill as it passed theSenate which would exempt fromregistration those eligibles who haveentered medical or divinity schoolssince June 5 last.Representative Kahn, of California,ranking Republican on the MilitaryCommittee, told the House the proposed new registration would placetrom 500,000 to 700,000 new registrants available for military service.In that connection he recalled thatGermany recently called into serviceits class of 1919 consisting of approximately 550,000 men.Chairman Dent, of the MilitaryCommittee, opposed the amendmentoi Mr. Hull. He said he understoodit is the plan of the War Department to place the newly registered atthe bottom of the respective classesunless something unforeseen occursto prevent, but did not belive itproper to tie the hands of the department by an amendment whichwould require that action.DO YOU SLEEP WELL?To be at his best a man must havesound, refreshing sleep. When wakeful and restless at night he is in nocondition for work or business during the day. Wakefulness is oftencaused by indigestion and constipation, and is quickly relieved byChamberlain's Tablets. Try a doseof these tablets and see how muchbetter you feel with a clear head andgood indigestion.(adv-april)As a general thing, when a manknows enough to keep his mouth shutit is a sign that he graduated fromthe school of experience.MAMA beautiful line of Garlands on dlJtfay. Coma In and look them ovar.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporate)Mr. McAdoo says he is wearing partriotic trousers, but we did not imagine that he had time to sit holes inhis clothes.?s PaRobbing Peter to pay Paul is badenough, but robbing papa to playpool is fierce.TOR BILIOUS TROUBLES.To promote a healthy action of theliver and correct the disorderscaused by biliousness, Chamberlain'sTablets are excellent. Try themand see how quickly they give yoiia relish for. your food and banishthat dull and stupid feeling.(adv-april)Seed Corn!We Have Some Very FineN Eft ISPAYMASTERSEED-CORNGermination GuaranteedOrder Early, as the Stock isLimited.i tin ;. 'C. S. Uli OARAGEICop-! Fourth and Pleasant 8tc.Science Solvwith ButterthMMeae Butter Problemade from the Whiteof CocoanutsJust when the price of butter threatens to make it an unattainable luxury,science perfects TROCO, the new vegetable butter made from the white meat ofthe cocoanutIt tastes exactly like the finest creamery butter and is even more wholesomeand pure.It is churned with fresh Pasteurizedmilk to give true butter flavor.Because of old laws, made before this'discovery, we are compelled to label thisnut-made butter as oleomargarine.But it contains no oleo oils no hogor beef fat, nor any preservatives.TROCO is simply vegetable fats,churned with milk for the butter taste.Yet this appetizing combination costsno more than does the best grades of oleomargarine.TROCOn1 1Gan't Be Told From ButterTROCO has all the good qualities of finecreamery butter. The only difference you willnotice is the cost.It is as nutritious as cream butter, and aseasily digested. It possesses the fuel valueneeded for energy.TROCO when served has butter's goldencolor, because we supply the same vegetablecoloring used by all butter makers." Served on your table, without explanation,no one can tell the difference.Goes Farther la CookingTROCO, used in cooking, gives the same results as butter, except that it goes farther.Cooks should remember this and reduce theIt makes such cake as -has not been knownsince butter soared in price.It allows the old-fashioned "rich . cooking"that builds up the family health.Your Dealer Can Supply TROCOIf your dealer doesn't already keep TROCO,ask him to get it for you. Tell him you musthave this new-day successor to butter..Insist until he secures a supply.For TROCO solves one of the biggest problems presented by our high food prices -,The problem of serving appetizing,wholesome butter at a moderate cost.Made by theamoun TROCO NUT BUTTER CO., Milwaukee, WisB. A. BRINKER CO., Cincinnati, O.,DISTRIBUTORSXmrTTr,1? Under the law. all batter substitutes must be branded e0aren.?u,JiJJ,!?5 fhSJINU I lii!: before TROCO was invented. So the TROCO package Is nded OleomAWe. toogejthere Is no oleo in it. All butter substitutes must pay an extra tax If colored. So the color for TKUtO comes in acapsule. Add it yourself, as you do with Oleomargarine.t.SZti-m-WB ihfrARE YOU FOR -OR AGAINSTUNCLE SAM?It may not have occurred to you,but in the final analysis you areeither for or against Uncle Sam inthis war. This is inevitable; thereis no halfway point; you cannot beneutral. Either you are holdingUncle Sam or you are aiding the interests of the Kaiser. You are loyally doing , your duty or you areslacking.You may have no intention whaL-Our Two Black JackslUAinnn u .....rnilMSUIHHtLU HINIUNANDiiLwill make,, the season. at; our place,'3 miles" from Paria ron 'the Mays'.ville pike,$10 to Insure a Living ColtThese are two fine animals, bigbone, mealey nose and belly and aresure foal getters.Home Phone 3 or 370.TURNEY BROS.PARIS, KY.(lapril-lmo) . iever of playing the Kaiser's game.It may have been the farthest thinsfrom you intentions, wholly involuntary and done unconsciously. Butif you haven't been helping UncleSam you have been helping theKaiser by this failure to do so. ForUncle Sam needs your help, is asking for it and should have it.You have been asked to help theRed Cross, which first of all is intended to aid Uncle Sam's khaki cladsoldiers in the field. You have 'beenasked to give aid to the Y. M. C. A.,which does a similar service for thesoldiers in the camps. You havebeen asked to" save food that thesoldiers and the Allies may be adequately fed. You have been askedto buy War Savings Stamps and noVyou are asked to buy Liberty Bondsto provide funds for supporting thearmies in every, way 'at-the front andin the training camps. '"'' 'Andijust so far as you have faijedto do any 'one J of these- things, justthat 'much have you -been helpingthe Kaiser's interest. ' '"Doubtl&s you've ' never realized,this. It 'is hard to "believe that anyone who has lived for any length oftime in America would prefer to assist her enemies. 'Yet it has been, and is beingdone.Don't you be guilty again. Dothe best you can to meet every demand. You, cannot plead ignoranceA MAN AND HIS WIFEany more.Begin rightBonds.by buying Libertyrt may both derive satisfaction- by having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal,, while the pleasure of wearing old clothe thathave the appearance of new, in. conjunction, with the knowledgethat'you are effecting a great. ving, must surely satisfy: yotLJ A phone brings ua.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 Home Pkooe 16f 2Acetylene Lighting.Acetylene lighting I , expected tocome Into general use throughout Denmark as ,the government has appointeda commission 4o pass upon lamps offered for saleand carbide is easily obtainable from Norway.The only time Mr. Daniels -hascv'erj gone up in the -air was when hetooiCthat airplane "trip. u4Lv fand pn, lJ.TUaMMtfeafarmM'WsralltaA growing number of Germans arewillincr tn admit that the submarineshave sunk their hopes, anyway. ' I7VVtAymUavVnverotsVffckrukto-LmivrYBt4.bTwrtMMlocHiMrkePMlrriis tba drlaktec MMT 4riac thflrHtM dy.Cn Mif f i.-" AViiMfafcg"'ytuwm. rQcjp&.7 :-&.-' 'SC,nf'jk-THE BOjUBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY, APRIL 30, 1118.??as)r" , f; -rvtiMlMiitiiini4ttiiniiittMtiMiimnComingAttractionsGRAND AND ALAMO.:c'?' 'oj ;..i 'Tuesday, April 30th-r;t.Wednesday, May 1st'4VjWE EIGHT1 .aTHE PARISW , : -t;?';:.b.fI; The J. T. Hinton Co.up w!xvAv4MJ?V vnjwr, ;. r. ' gUjy. iMainand SixthStreetsUNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMMRS. . ;Paris Ky.Day phone 36NIsht : . . 56or Mo me 286Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to withLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.ourMHHkjHEir41ir, .M"MP''M::ltttttl'lfr''IIlI"I''II'I4iIiiI--MILLERSBURG" ''-r-'M.r. Harvey Rogers, who is in'c&mp at St. Paul, Minn., is at homeon ,cl short furlough.-Allen Ingels, of Unit No. 40, ofDEATHS.LONG.Hirshel Long, aged five months,died at the home of his parents, Mr.and Mrs. Harry Long, near SDears'Camp Taylor, Louisville, was at home j Mill, Saturday morning of 'chronicfrom Friday until Sunday.rMrs. Emmitt Mastin attendedbronchitis. The body was interred inthe Paris Cemetery Sunday after-?ilie funeral of her aunt. Miss Pink j noon at four o'clock, with servicesJMorrow, at Centerville, Thursday.Prof. Harris, of JacksoriTwas thesust of his brother-in-law, Dr. W.X" T"iniliTr orirT ixrifo Cq friiT1jTr on IcSunday.Miss Margaret B. Clark returnv -ed 'Thursday after a protracted visitlx her cousin, Mrs. A. J. Lamb, atBirmingham, Ala.Mr. E""writt move to-day to rooms in the'r3et Flat, from the property recently--.purchased by Mr. S. R. Butler.conducted at the grave by Rev. W.E. Ellis, pastor of the Paris Christian church.FITZGERALD.:The .funeral of Mrs. GeorgiaFitzgerald, daughter of Mr. and Mrs.Mildred Jefferson, of Scott avenue,was held Siindnv nffprnrmn at fwoD. Baldwin and family ; o'clock, with srrvirp? mnntoa fto-day to rooms in the t.h ?ravP hv t?pv r.on t? rnuapastor of the Methodist church.Mrs. T?tv.Prtm.1A ixrnc in Vior twontv.Ja7a a ? 5 f f?: first year and had been an invaHdnwed Monday from the property of for some tlme at tn h f fc-5rt- 0tSrer roperty f Mrs'! Parents, her death being due to tu--MnmeHuret,on Trigg avenue. - jberculosis. Besides her parents, shektZ ' 'aIL Mrs'Fanme is survived by one son, James Fitz--"iiUer.e gerald, brotI Millard Jefferluviut l-uC ocixi. XfXO. xxixi xvx Ul unn o-ni thrafl oiptnro Tlfun r-AGibbens, and. Misses Lillian and Josephine Jefferson, all of Paris.MurrayMar'-in- Famous Players Feature .FirstSight".BvlGeorge. Middleton.A Paramount Picture.!'Also Antonio Moreno and Pearl White, inthe; Fourth Episode of -''THE HOUSE OF ! HATE"Thomas H. Ince PresentsCharles Rayin a picturization of Rupert Hughes' story"His Mother's Boy"- Also a Special- FeatureSpirit of the Red Cross"Hcarst-Pathc News No.29, and a "Luke" Comedy.! fThursday, April 2ndMabel Normandin the widely advertised feature"Doding a Million"It's a Goldwyn Comedy -Drama worth' ' while.ALSOMUTT AND JEFF'BACKTO THE BALKANS'and an L-Kotomedy intwo parts.PricesAt the Alamo Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 13c war tax 2c.At the Paris Grand -Children 5c-war tax lc; Adult 13c war tax 2c.Colored persons, Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 10c-war tax 15.lor had reached the age of seventyy ears, and had retired from the ministry. He had usually spent the winters in Florida. He was taken illwhile at the hotel in St. Petersburg,a few days ago and was removed tothe hospital in that city.Rev. Dr. Taylor had served aspastor of some of the leading Methodist churches in the State. He wasthe oldest member of Paris LodgeF. & A. M. No. 2. He married MissMollie Price, daughter of Mrs.Cassandra Price, of Jessaminecounty, who preceded him ttf thegrave many years ago.The body was brought to Nicholosville and taken to the home ofMrs. F. W. Noland. Funeral servicesAere held at the Methodist churchin that city at eleven o'clock Saturday morning, conducted by Rev. Dr.E. L. Southgate, assisted by Rev. Dr.E. G. B. Mann and Rev. W. S. Maxwell. The pall-bearers -were thestewards of the Nicholas ville church,W. A. Sears, J. B. Sears, Dr. T. G.Cook, J. T. Edwards, J. H. Boner, H.B. Campbell, J. H. Turner, J. B.Bryant and R. L. Cooper. The interment followed in the NicholasvilleCemetery.x71er is not so well. Mr. 'Earl Hill improves slowly. Jjrcvjj.6c vii ecu, vuiuicu., ttgcueig.6ty-six, died Saturday after as "brief illness. He is 'one 'of our most T J-uBAfcK.- Tiighfy respected c61ored ' citizens. I Information was received here.Interment yesterday' in the colored yesterday of the death m Covington,- xceroetery. tofMr. W. A. Eubank, for many yearstDon't forget the play Fridayevening, "Kindling 'The HearthFires' at the opera house by thestudent body of the Graded School.-Adpiission, 30 cents. The cause isa good one. Let everybody attend.Major Nelson, of' the M. M. I.,' .--The Tra-nsylvania Glee Club, ofLexington, will give a concert at M.M. L Auditorium, Monday, May 6,at 8:00 p. m. This is a return date"for th6 club. Let everybody take ad-: -vantage of this opportunity to hear-thum. ""ias been compelled to resign hischair on account of army service and-will leave for some camp in a few"'days. "He has been connected withthe institution for the past two.years, and has given thorough satisfaction. ' Dr. Richard Wilkinson, of theEpiscopal Church, of Lexington, willa resident ot Paris. Mr. Eubank sdeath resulted from pneumonia, fromwhich he had been a sufferer severaldays. The news was received in along distance message from Covington to Mayor E. B. January.Mr. Eubank was in the employ fthe Louisville & Nashville as engineer, and had made his headquartersin this city, until some time ago,when he was transferred to a runwhich necessitated his removal toCovington. He was a member ofBourbon Lodge I. 0. 0. F., of Paris,and was very popular among thelailroad men here. The funeral arrangements had not been completedlast night.HUIOLL.Mrs. Ida Myers Hukill, agedfifty-eight, widow of Wm. Hukill,Jr., formerly of Paris, died at herdeliver a. lecture under the auspices j home, 711 West Chestnut street, inui; .aauicj .uvme au. v, j? . auu a. iu., iouisvme, .friaay, alter a snort ill-t' M. M. I. Auditorium, Friday, May ness, due to uremic poisoning.-liiT at eight p. m. The lecture will j Mrs. Hukill was a daughter of Mr.Jbo free, and the public is cordially and Mrs. John Myers of near Muir,. -invited. I and a sister of the late Mrs. Fannie' The Red Cross Chapter will put j Myers Shipp, of Paris, and Mrs.-on a picture play entitled "The jAnna Robertson, of Lexington. Mr-"-Gown of Destiny" at - the Majestic and Mrs. Hukill a-nd family movedpicture theatre, Thursday afternoon, from Paris to Louisville several years- aad evening. The scenes of the play j ago. Mr. Hukill, who was a merchant,,,. iam xu. x-xvua.c, xxu. xxx oxxv tt Lauor m .fans ior many years, diedbattle fields. Let everybody take ad, vantage of the opportunity. Re--member another Red Cross drive isVi Jit hand."" V-"Rev' A. S. Vena"hle preached his-JasC sermon ait the Presbyterianchurch as pastor Sunday morning.fJ"HQV. "Venable has been pastor oftie church here for the past five-years, and during -ms sojourn amongYERKES.The funeral of Prof. William L.Yerkes, whose sudden death "lastThursday night shockeda communityin which he had ever b'een a prominent figure, was held at St. Peter'sEpiscopal church, in this city, yesterday afternoon at three o'clock.The services were conducted by Rev.George H. Harris, of Versailles, theformer rector, in the presence of oneof the largest concourses ever assembled here at a funeral,, attesting thepopularity and esteem in which Mr.Yerkes was held.As a mark of respejet to the memory of Mr. Yerkes, the business houses of the city were closed Huring thehours of the funeral and burial.' Theinterment took place in the ParisCemetery. The active pall-bearerswere: John Woodford, James Woodford, Chenault Woodford, WoodfordSpears, N. F. Brent and Frank P.Kiser. The honorary pall-bearerswere his personal friends and formerbusiness associates, Ben Woodford,Sr., Catesby Woodford, Sr., JohnWoodford, Sr., George R. Bell, Robt.C. Talbott, J. Harry Brent, John T.Hinton, Jos. W. Davis and John M."t anMeter. An especially touchingfeature of the interment was thepresence at the cemetery of over twohundred former pupils of Mr. Yerkes, those who, following the precepts and good example of theirpreceptor,- had made their marks inthe business world. They came toattest by their presence their highregard and esteem for a man whoselife had been one for good In thecommunity that had honored him,and by doing so, honored itself.Winchester pike near Paris, Saturday, following a short illness of.double pneumonia. Mr. Woodfordwas sixty-eight years old.He was the son of Mr. and Mrs.William T. Woodford and was bornand reared in Bourbon county. Hehad spent his entire life on thefarm, and at the time of his deathowned a fine farm of about onethousand acres, about five miles fromParis. He lived a quiet and retiredlife, never taking an active part inpolitics, but spending most- of histime in the management of his farm.He was taken ill a week ago Saturday, and his condition was regardedas being serious from the start.Besides his widow, who was formerly Miss Carrie Larue, he is survived by one brother, Mr. J. HalWoodford, of Paris, and four sisters,Miss Lou Woodford, Miss MaryWoodford, Miss Annie Woodford, allof Bourbon county, 'and Mrs. Steele.ot Lexington, and three nieces, Miss jElizabeth Steele and Mrs. PrewittVanMeter, of Paris, and Miss LauraSteele, of Lexingto-n.The funeral was held from theresidence at eleven o'clock yesterday morning, with services conducted by Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of theParis Christian church. The burialbllowed in the Paris Cemetery. Theall-bearers were: John T. Wood-rd, Catesby Woodford, Sr., Benj.oodford, Sr., Wm. T. Buckner,alker Buckner, Wm.-G. McClintock,tanhope Wiedemann and Charles C.lark., j time principal of the Commercialdepartment of the school. She is ajoung woman of many graces ofMATRIMONIAL.vLIZER-HILL.Mr. Clarence Hill and MissMabel Lizer, both of Lair, in Harrison county, secured marriage licensehere Saturday, and were married atthe residence of the officiating minister, Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of theParis Christian church.1 FLORAL AGENT.Cut flowers, funeral designs, etc.,gotten on short notice. Phone meyour' order.JO. S. VARDEN... COTTINGHAM ANDERSON. ..The home of Mrs. M. E. Sage,an North Broadway, in Lexington,was the scene Thursday afternoon ofa pretty home wedding when MissHazel Cottingham, of Lexington,daughter of Mr. and Mrs. A. W. Cottingham, of Paris, became the brideof Mr. Richard T. Anderson, of Lexington. The- ceremony was performed by Rev. Benj. J. Bush, pastor ofthe Second Presbyterian church, ofLexington.The wedding was a very quietone, only the members of the twofamilies and the household beingpresent. The bride's mother, Mrs. A.W. Cottingham, of Paris, and herbrother, Mr. Wayne Cottingham, formerly of Paris, a member of the LexTiifgton Leader's reportorial staff, witnessed the ceremony. Miss LillianSharpe at the piano, played the wedding music before and during theceremony.After the ceremony and receivingcongratulations, Mr. and Mrs. Anderson left for a honeymoon trip in theEast. On their return they will beat home at the Phoenix Hotel, inLexingto-n.The bride is a graduate of theParis High School and was for somecharacter and possessed of intellectual attainments of superior order. She:has a large circle of friends herewhoi wish, her joy and happiness inthe matrimonial state. The groomis a capitalist and prominent business man of Lexington, and a director-in: the Security Trust Company,of Lexington.ES E9 RSBIRTHS.At Nicholasville, to the wife ofRve. O. B. Crockett, pastor of theMethodist church, at Shelbyville, ason. Rev, Crockett was formerly incharge of the Methodist church inParis. The mother was formerlyMiss Campbell, of Nicholasville.TOSUPPLY TRACTOR INFORMATION TO FARMERS.' On account of the general shortage of labor and the high cost ofkeeping extra work stock there is anunprecedented demand on the partof farmers for information concerning the farm tractor. On a goodnumber of farms the tractor willprove a profitable investment. The-University-of Kentucky will send onrequest a free bulletin giving a complete and practical discussion of the.farm tractor. Address the Department of Farm Management, Kentucky Agricultural ExperimentStation, Lexingto-n, Ky.?- -ufi 'made many xnends. Me is acliolar and a brilliant speaker. SomeliTpeks ago he was elected Presidentof Sayre College, Lexington Thisfcijade it necessary much to the regret.. his congregation, for him to re-4jga ,as pastor of the church here.it.Js with many regrets that we loseifcie eo6&. family, and we heartilycokimendthem to the good people ofn XiMcinirton.Miss Mildred W. Bruce gave aacalj2oncert at the M. M. I. Audito--iim,Friday evening, to an appreciative audience. She was assisted by. -) sister. Miss Mary Louise Bruce,, N-Vminist, and Miss Ethel Fisher, acTOfmpanist. For some time Miss1Jmice has been - under training ofFr Neilson, of Lexington, and showsjrked improvement. The concert" MuUted largely of vocal numbers.liflCise Bruce. he has a rich mezzor jtQQTjCko voice, her tones are pure,lir -enunciations are good, and "herqression exquisite. She unqueetkHuubly gives promise. of a-brightfuture, and with her rar and welltrained voioe will some day hold a-mbilfcent placein Louisville.Mrs. Hukill is survived by twodaughters, Mrs. Newton Currentand Mrs. WTm. Yent, and two sons,Hanley Hukill and Robert Hukill,all of Louisville. The funeral and interment took place in Louisville,Sunday morning.KELLEY.The funeral of Miss Annie Keiley, aged eighty-one, who died ofpneumonia Sunday night at the homeof Mrs. Maria Lyons, will be heldthis (Tuesday) morning, at nineo'clock at the Church of the Annunciation in this city. Services will beconducted by. Rev. Father EugeneDeBuyn. The interment will followin the Paris Catholic Cemetery. Thepall-bearers will be: Geo. McWilliams, Harry Lyons, John F. McCarthy, Jas. E. Shea, A. J. Gorey and E.H. Gorey.Miss Kelley was a native of County Killkenney, Ireland, emigratingwith tier parents to-this countrywhen a young woman: She residedin; Paris for nearly sixty years, mostof which was spent in the employeof the late Mr. S. E. Tipton, Mr.Allen Bashford, J. W. Datis & Co.and others who were in the merchanttailoring business,.jgafftrs.TAYLOR.News -was received 'here Satut?lorida, of Rev. Dr. W. F. Taylorday of the death in St. Petersburg6ixtft Kentucky" who at one time wasv pastor of theBRAMBLETTE"Mr. John W. Bramblette, agedabout sixty-four, a former residentof Paris, died at the home of hisdaughter, Mrs. Lee Masterson, inLexHigton at five o'clock, Wednesday afternoon, after a long illness ofcreeping paralysis.Mr. Bramblette had been in illhealth for over eighteen months, andfor about a month had been compelled to sit in his chair, being unable to lie down. Before moving toLexington he had been a resident ofParis and of Carlisle, and more recently of Mt. Sterling. Mr. Bramblette had been a wagon-maker byoccupation, and worked at his tradeuntil his illness compelled his retirement. During his residence 'inParis, Mr. Bramblette's place of business was destroyed in the fire thatburned out the Paris ManufacturingCos plant, on South Main street, onthe present site of the New Independent Tobacco Warehouse. .Withmembers of his family he resided inthe Tipton property on High streej,opposite the traction office.Besides his widow, who was formerly Miss Nannie Henry, of Bourbon county, he is survived by threedaughters, Mrs. Carl C. Robbins, ofWinchester; Mrs. Lee Masterson, andMiss Lottie Bramblette, both of Lexington; also by four brothers, Qovington Bramblette, of Carlisle; Bek,Bramblette, of East Union, Nicholascounty; Thos. Bramblette, of nearMt. Sterling, and George Bramblette,of Millersburg.Funeral services were-held at theChristian church, in Carlisle, Saturday morning at eleven o'clock, conducted hy Rev. F. M. Tinder, pastorof the North Middletown Christianchurch. The interment followed onthe family lot in the Carlisle cemetery.WOODFORD.Mr.yWm. B. Woodford., a nromi--Tirl rvna nfrT'tliA hpst-Hnent farmer .andknown cattle dealersin CentralJlOVERNow is the TimeTo Buy Your NewSpring Footwear!Our stocks are complete in every detail,all the latest creationsat prices that only ourwonderful buying: facilities can offer..Every Day of the Past Week Has Witnessed the New Arrivals ofHandsome Spring ShoesOxfords and Pumpsand now we present the largest and most beautiful selection of correct footwearever offered at unusually low prices.'Ladies' Pearl Gray Boots and a qqand Oxfords $4:.:J3Ladies' Mahogany Tan Boots . d m r aand Oxfords t.tfULadies' Black English Boots and " do aqOxfords y&vvMen's Dark Tan English Shoes and I A AOxfords O.UUMen's Tan or Black,Shoes and j a aOxfordsN.l... J4.UUr"t . ' x5 VS. ;Men's Gun Metal But-K$3.49-$2.99BlBll-ffc" - ?S vSa&All the Leading Colors In the Latest StylishLDESHGRADEROOTSOXFORDSDPIPSAt Prices You Can't PossiblyJDuplicate Elsewhere.i Paris Methodist church. Rev. Tay- Jtantucky,cliea athis-hpiae .on the-;DANParis' Greatest Shoe StoreCOHENWhere Beauty and Economy ReignJ4NJH,. -r,II.-(V