JLsVi.hVrrNEWSa? THEj. .r$VOLUME XXXVIIPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY ANB FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, WAY 14. ISlt"r, rSET WEEK TO SEE BIG BEDCEOSS "DBIVE.""Over the top" has become such aeqmmonplace phrase now, when usedwSh reference to the activities ofthe war, that something new. willyore to be invented to take its place.Tet, at tie same time, it is one ofie most expreaeive phrases that hassome into use during the war, signifying, as it does, the push and energyto go forward and overcome all obstacles. All this has to" do with the RedGross drive which is to begin in thiscity and county next Monday, May20-27. It is planned to raise the sumof $20,000 for the Red Cross, $17,000of which is to be raised in the countyoutside of Millersburg, where it isproposed to raise the remaining $3,000. The invitation has gone out toA BARE 1MAT FOB PAEIS PEO- -'Paris on next Sunday afternoon,when a big patriotic mass meetingwill be held at the Grand OperaHouse at three o'clock. Hon. John. R.Allen, of Lexington, will deliver theprincipal address of the afternoon,and will be followed by local talent.Music for the occasion will be furnished by the Boys' Band frqm theOdd Fellows' Home in Lexington,and the Community Choir, of thiscity. Seats will be reserved for themen in the service who may happento be here at that time.The committees having the workin. charge are trying to impress uponthe minds of the public the fact thatthey must come to this meeting prepared to hand in their contributionsfor the Red Cross, as it is the intention to make the campaign a one-dayaffair on Monday. If they do not respond, the members of the solicitingcommittees will see them anyway, butit is hoped they will make their contributions at the meeting Sunday afternoon. So come prepared.Chairman James Caldwell, of theRed Cross Campaign Committee, hascalled a meeting of all the committeesto be held at the court house to-slightat eight p'clock to complete the arrangements for the big drive. The following are the committees entrustedwith the work:' 'Publicity John Davis, Chairman;Rudolph Davis, Swift Champ, BruceMiller, Wm. Remington. SpeakersArthur B. Hancock, Chairman; JohnT. Collins, E. M. Dickson, N. FordBrent. Accounting Buckner Woodford, War Fund Chairman; BernardSanten, John W. Yerkes, GeorgeDoyle. Ministers' Committee Pastors of all the Paris churches. Themembers of the Soliciting Committeeare also requested . to attend thisPEG TO-HIGHT.Just to announce that Rev. Dr.Richard Wilkinson, of Lexington,will be here to-night, should be sufficient to fill St. Peter's Episcopalchurch from altar to outer door. AndDr. Wilkinson needs no introductionto. Paris people, for no man in Kentucky has ever become so instantlypopular as this gifted man.Tie distinguished speaker will beaccompanied by the choir of theChrist Church Cathedral, under Ihedirection of a former Parisian, Mr,August C. Gutzeit. The choir iscomposed of talented vocalists, thepick of (many in Lexington. Mr.Gutzeit, who will move to Californiasoon to reside, said that he wanted tovisit his home town once more before leaving the State, and that heFABIS HrePBAHCE &AJT( IIT THE SEBTOE 0 THEIB Tak Wonderful CamDaien-HasCOTBY. - : Excellent Chance of WinningContest.the people of the county to come to 1 would be proud to come before theParis people with his choir and Dr.Wilkinson.The services will begin at eighto'clock, at which time the churchshould be filled. Paris people maynot soon have another opportunityof this kind.STRAW HAT OPENING.We're ready with all new styles in Jall new braids. Straws, $2 to $5;Panamas, $5 to $10.J. W. DAVIS & CO.tss ?s la -NEW OIL COMPANY.The Carlisle Oil & DevelopmentCo. has filed articles of incorporationin the office of the Secretary of Stateat Frankfort. The company is capitalized at ?15,000, with 'the following incorporators: W. F. Tune, Edward Stump and U. M. Swinford.meeting for conference purposes.Mr. Wjm. Sparks, of the county, hasdonated a jack colt, one year old, ajennett colt, six months old, and aneight-year-old jennett, ip foal, allregistered and numbered, to the RedCross. The animals will be sold atpublic Ruction to the highest bidder,on the court house square at threeo'clock Monday afternoon., Mr. John J. Williams is chairmanof the four-minute speakers who willspeak at The Alamo and the ParisGrand during the campaign. Different speakers will be assigned to dutyin the afternoon and, in the evening,to tell of the necessity of financingthe Red Cross.?vThe Price of Cotton is SoaringHigher, Ever Higher-'-Butthe Price ofWirthmor WaistsVis Still the SameWIt is a unique and economical merchandising -.plan .that enables us to still sell these gonderf ul WirthmorWaists at $1.00.The price .of cotton and cotton fabrics has" advancedexcessively recently reaching the highest figure sine ,civil war days, and-still the price of WIRTHMORWAISTS remains the same. tIn these deservedly popular Blouses ihe .materialsused are just as good as ever; they'll wear as well; they'll. aunder as well; they're ma$e asfinely ; and the STYLES'are just as genteel and'pretty as uf the past. ,Only the vast volume'of WntTHMORaalei, $he manyjarge economies of the WIRTHMOR -PLAN., coupled withhe fowhanded'purebasejol; atjB'rial.and fixedr, purpose, ?i.bn the.. part ,o IherAite aiWfeer ttfym'&pwniriceacwuHte foHHe '-'''r "iMr. Charles. Howard Ray, who isstationed in the United States armytraining school at Chicago, has arrived for a visit to friends and relativesin this city and county.Corporal Ernest H. Darnaby, whois stationed in the service at Ellington Field, near Houston, Texas, hasarrived for a month's furough visitto his parents in Clintonville, thiscounty.- Ira D. Thompson, Jr., son of Mr.and Mrs. I. D. Thompson, of Paris,left Sunday afternoon for Camn dnv.don, near Chambree, Georgia, whe'rehe will go into intensive training- asa member of the rifle division of theUnited States navy.Mr. and Mrs. Charles M. Skillman,of North Middletown, have returnedfrom a visit to their son, Maj. A. J.Skillman, Jr., who is Medical Examiner in the Dental Corps, stationedat Camp Sherman, near Ohillecdthe,Ohio. Maj. Skillman is said to be theyoungest Major in the United Statesservice.Lieut. Ben Frank, formerly ofParis, who is now commanding officerat the Otay Mesa Aviation CamD.near San Diego, Cali., is here for afew days' stay with relatives. Hewill go to Louisville for a visit to hisbrother, Dr. Louis Frank, before going 10 wasnmgton, D. C., on officialbusiness.ADr. and Mrs. H. H. Roberts, former residents of Paris, have returned from Poland Springs, Maine, tomake their home for the present inLexington. Dr.Roberts enlisted in thearmy inactive service. Their son,Mr. Hamilton Roberts, is takine: theaviation training for the army servicein the camp at Ithica, New York.Mr. John Keith Vansant, son of Dr.and Mrs. J. T. Vansant, of Paris, whois a member of the 119th Aero Squadron at Kelly Field aviation camp,near San Antonio, Texas, has beentransferred to the Langley aviationfield near Hampton, Virginia. Hewas met at Lexington by his father,as he was en route to his new assignment. Mrs. Frank M. Clay was a guestseveral days. the. patst week thishgjjjjjjjClay, who is a member of the Dr. Barrow Base Hospital Unit No. 40, atCamp Zachery Taylor, near Louisville. It is rumored that the Unitwill soon be called into action, andthat they are now on waiting ordersfor such an event.Letter received from France by relatives and friends in this city "fromLieut. Reuben Hutchcraft, Jr., ofParis, stated that he was well andthat the Boches had not gotten hisnumber yet. Mayor E. B. January received a letter from Lieut. Hutchcraftunder date of April 21, on matterspertaining to Odd .Fellowship. Hestated that he was in fine health andspirits.Sergt. Lawrence Raymer Jones, ofNorth 'Middletown, is now at CampJackson, near Columbus, -South Carolina, where he is instructor as wellas student. He has not yet receivedhis commission as a lieutenant, as reported in the papers, but, as he is agraduate of the Officers ReserveCorps at Camp Zachary Taylor, .hewill receive his commission as soonas the first vacancy occurs.Mr. and Mrs. Louis R. Rogers, ofnear Paris, have received notice tothe effect that their son, HarveyRogers, Jr., who is now stationed atSt. Paul, Minn., in the army service,has been appointed to the rank ofSergeant .in the 8 7 2d Aero Squadron,Signal Corps, U. S. A., the appointment becoming effective Saturday.Young Rogers has been in the service five months, having enlisted atFt. Thomas. 'During the past eleven monthsour local representative, Mr. R. f.Clendenin, is making a phenomenalenort to be the foremost nmnt viWg contest with the agents of theimiusu states of the Nortwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company.Mr, Clendenin is running strongin the race with 6,400 agents of theJorthwestern Mutual Life InsuranceCo. in contest for the Presidency ofthe Marathon Club, (of April.) TheHonor Roll of the Company for themonth shows that Mr. Clendeninwrote'more than,, twice as many menas any other agent in the UnitedStates for the month, of April, andj mat ne nas agood chance. to win the contest byo uuc j. u ne can equal His April recorder the month. The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance has thelargest business of any company inthis section of the State, and everyman who has a policy in this company is interested in seeing that Mr.Clendenin leads the entire agencyforce for the year ending June 1.Mr. Clendening tries to give his poKicy holders every service possible atall vtimes.The following letter from the General Agent, Mr. C. D. Rodman, statesjust where our candidate stands andwhat is expected of him:"Louisville, Ky., May 2, 1918."Mr.R. F. Clendenin,"Paris, Kentucky."Dear Sir: You are making awonderful drive, still, to land thePresidency of the Marathon Club, IDeneve it will be necessary for you,during the month of May, to lead involume of insurance written for themonth; also, to lead in the numberof lives ever written during an agency year, ending June 1st, since theorganization of the Company."Hhat is a big program, and youhajve just the month of May in whichto stage 'the performance. Do yourselling early, as it will require thelast part of the month arranging forsettlements and reports."To accomplish the above it willrequire long hours of work, and aheavy tax upon your system; but,think of the strain of the boys "overthere," and go it as hard as you canduring this month, feeling sure thatyou can take a rest on the first:"Sincerely yours, ,C. D. RODMAN,"General Agent."NECESSITIES THEBEST AT RIGHT PRICES.THE RUBIH & CHERRY SHOWSARRIVE IN PARI$. "The Rubin & Cherrv HamivniShows, which are to be in Paris alltnis week, arrived here Sunday nightafter a long run from Middlesboro,where they played a weeks' engagement. The Louisville & Nashvilleplatforms were crowded with peoplewhen the train pulled in. After thearrival of the train, all work of anykind was suspended, us Mr. Rubin,proprietor of the shows, does not allow any work to be done on Sunday.At five o'clock yesterday morning,all the working crews of the showsappeared at the show train, and thework of unloading began at once.At seven o'clock, Mayor E. B. January and the members of the CityCouncil visited the show grounds,which are located on Winchesterstreet, near the Wilson seed house.They were accompanied by Chief ofPolice Fred Link. The officials wereintroduced to Mr. Rubin, owner andmanager of the shows, Mr. Reid, secretary and treasurer, Mr. Sam Ach,advance man, and a number of otherrepresentatives, and were given ahearty welcome.The shows opened last night, inspite of the threatening weather, under the auspices of A. J. Lovely Company No. 34, Uniform Rank Knightsof Pythias, of this city, for the benefit of the local Chapter of the American Red Cross. The special attractions on the grounds are comnosed ofeighteen high-class shows, fifty up-to-dateconcessions, the merry-go-round,the Ferris wheel, and that new andcostly riding device, "The Whip,"two" classical bands, the white band,composed of sixteen men, and coloredband, of twelve members, who furnish an excellent musical program.The Midway is a home for men, women and children during the stay ofthe Carnival Company. There willbe an abundance of electric lights,ttie best of police protection and themost courteous treatment by everybody connected with the shows.Letters have been received by Mayor January praising this show inevery way. There will positively beno gambling allowed on the grounds.Visit the shows and help the localRed Cross Society. You are invitedto visit 'the show train and ask to seethe inside of Manager Rubin's private car, "The Montgomery', whichtook first prize at the World's Fairat Chicago as being the best decorated car. Copie every night and"visitthe Carnival. You will be helpingthe Red Cross, the noblest Institution in the world to-day.1,300,000 MEN BOW DRAPIMORECOMOK.More than 1,300.000 menbeen called in the draft so fareither are in France, in camp or um"der call to go into service betJune 1.The total of 1,300,000 Includes aWmen summoned in the May contingent. There is every indication thateven a larger increment will bsummoned in May, and a progressiytmonthly mobilization continuethrough the summer and fall montlwat the cantonments are expected. Itis expected that at such a rate tbarmy will reach a full strength ofwell over 3,000,000 within the nexttwelve or thirteen months. It is po-xsible, some officers say, that the nuat?ber will be closer to .000,000 tha3,000,000.FORGERS AT WORK.Yesterday afternoon a well-dressedyoung man entered the drug store Ofth'e Brooks & Snapp Drug Co., andasked to be shown some bathing,suits. Several- were shown him, andafter a time he made a choice, se'lecting one priced at $2.25. He tendered in payment a check drawn oilthe Deposit and Peoples Bank, ofthis city, for 2.50. The check wassigned with the name of "JohnToles."Becoming suspicious of the man'sactions, Mr. Snapp telephoned to Mr.Towles, whose name it was presumedthe man had endeavored to forge tothe check, and received a reply thathe had no account at uiat DanK, anothat he had given no check to any- -onefor any amount on that date.When Mr. Snapp returned he manhad disappeared. Mr. Silas Bedford,of the Deposit and Peoples Bank,was also notified, and sent the warning that some clever forgers were atwork in the city, though he did notmake any specific revelations. xMr. Snapp still has the bathingsuit and the check as souvenirs ofI the man's visit.m mN'O SUCCESSOR TO PERCY HAIEYCHOSEN" YET.REAL ESTATE DEALSCome in and see the best line ofrefrigerators, ice cream freezers,lawn mowers, porch and lawn swingsat the right prices.(It) FARMERS SUPPLY CO.Courier-Journal and Louisville Times.This is said to be the first instaucein the State where a woman hasbeen regularly commissioned as anofficer in the army service. She is agraduate of 'the chemistry departmentof the College of Arts and Science atthe University of Louisville.Harris & Speakes sold to Mr. andMrs. John F. Richards, a one-storyframe -cottage on Lilleston avenue,for $890. The sale was made for Mr.E. Curtis, administrator of the estateGeneral Percy Haley, Collector ofthe Seventh Internal Revenue District, who recently resigned, but whoup to the present has not been rerlieved as head of the Lexington office, ..is in Washington,, where it is under- r,stood he is making arrangements forthe transfer of his office to a successor. .The resignation, of General Haley,according to reports from the capital,was to have taken place May 1, butat present the Lexington office of the -district is without any miormauonconcerning the transfer, or if it hasbeen informed of any immediate developments, nothing has yet been,made public concerning them.The nomination of Elwood Hamilton, of Frankfort, has Deen sent toot tne late Mrs. Elizabeth Taylor.Mr. and Mrs. Richards have been res- the' Senate but up to the present his1U"UW WJ- -"c yiuycuy lur some time annointment has not Decome oiuuiaiw igULClQWE KNOW HOW-IGreat Red&ctixmsin Suits anUCoiitgi. .nf '"Xj;- -!k- -;.'mmm.hrSh.tViv! -4.-.,- .4flS& "-.-r -T iSJA ' ---' - '.aMajor Richard B. (Tal) Clark, ofParis, who is a member of the UnitedStates army dental corps, stationednear San Francisco, Cali., has received orders to report at Camp Zachary Taylor, near Louisville. He willbe assigned to temporary duty in thegeneral, hospital t at Camp Taylor.Mjor Glarke is a son of Mrs... KateClafkeand .a brother of 'Miss JuliaClarke and. Mr. Wm. Clarke, of Paris.Maj. ClsCrke-rill 'come to Paris, today f or . a -risit of several "days.;,'Miu jrad ,Mts. J. V.ider, of. thiscItyi,j-have.:-xeceive4.aoticeof the appotpient of Mtteteasori;'' Mr.; -EugeneElderTotthiscfty,7s a jnemher .oftne United, states' .Sienaln Corns.- fYo'un':rE14rr--waa -a Mutnf , ' tWl.t - . -.. ., vr. r r.: i. tiu inroany xw&mipKJnnltl shortow.ney? ,;.?nsa am- Xflnaertle&Mainm MBdthv LexittgtonMcomfamyiVthe, service atCiHxjelbymtttiburg, 'Miat!H;ekajWen?cfcrmjferrd to the,Offl-errf -HBerr jTyai1a dDaap, at Jeom,-i- w : : :jlsr1rlnaT.Jittcomi?:of- Ltjuis-vilfc;who'tiJBrrfrqf)jrtiyftviiite4 -Mrs.ITBj'titiMaiiirSnaV,iha8, received-l ngtlc.vfwm;waitori ofcOier ap-poinimenr:Svactroiosist An -. tneararyservlee ;? .Sh-;will - be assigned 't'd autyeamp-Zahry;T.aylor jandwillave trhk?f. Firgtieutea-ant. Iias WMtcob;fera daughter- of iboys don'tf-jOin ;thefcnavy. Sit isrtheMr. 3Rg rcy; S.Whiioamb; foreman ofThe funeral and burial of ManleyD. Jackson, a former resident of thiscounty, who died'o-n board a U.-S.transport, while en route to France,was held at Georgetown, Friday.Young Jackson was a son of Mr. andMrs. W. L. Jackson, who reside onthe A. L. Fergiispn farm, near Paris.He sailed for France in. April. Thefuneral was made a public event inGeorgetown, all the business housesclosing as' a mark of respect to thememory of young Jackson. The remains were accompanied to Georgetown by Private's'." Stout, a member of his company - ' .' " ' 'In a letter to THE NEWS fromhis ship, "The Oklahoma' Mr. W. O.Pennington, formerly, of 'Paris, says,among other things: i, "I saw Ed.Doty and Ed Fitzpatrick the otherday. They ar all getting along justfine, and the whble bunch in the verybest of health. Ed Doty looks likehe weighs' ' almost two hundredpounds. The navy has surely worked wonders with. that boy. Ben Leachis now on the S. S. Illinois. I haven'tseen him yet, but I am sure that' hewill like the regular service on boardship much better than he did thetraining station. I have niade another rate since-I was inv Paris the" lasttime, and aril now first-class $66.50per month, three good meals a dayand other 'fixings Pretty good for a'fellow like me with only a year inthe service; Bd. Fitzp&triclc is .suresome jacktaf. He is so salty now"that he uses salt water instead olteaat the mess table. If all the young,sailors were as salty as Fitzy oldXaiser TOHl would 0bonbe pickled.e nave 'been utterly iost witnoutithedod oldBOURBON 'NEWS' sincewe moved ourtaVe. v Pi4s- iend 'aaISTRAWHATHAS ARRIVEDTl:1v.wELL DRESSED MEN will now layaside their felt hats for one of the new,snappy straws. . We have a most completeshowing in all the new shapes anji braids. Splits,Sennets, Leghorns, Panamas and Bankoks-in all the y ::'-new shapes and styles.re beem Yery-aeartfbeacJr s Mjeeii aerated. H-if g myet, but haverni9 T Ynnow ioTthe''-Illinois;.Some;ahip,too.''I IhaYeTidt Heard from Ben8incewb :!2LrnJ'li. 41 -.!-. -.... ,-rl.a 1 Ka.A-4'fr'iticjj! aieu. vuwjuesM cpi .i-v.j. --busyJ We- Have 'plhtjtx of tamuse-: JJi:uicut on tne Bip-.-wrFSB j wn,.time. We have -nmev mo vie, every.night,r boxing" and' Wrestling matchreg, etcj.,,l ddn't ste rhy alL youngfinest branch xl .Uncle? Sam's service.''s-the reotypingrartwenf 5 of the ; 12 am Jaelightswitit9 '-J ASplit Straws and Sennets$2.00 to $5.00Leghorns :$5.00 to $6.50 ;Panamas$5.00 to $10.00 VIMl1lIIIIM 'it '".?' '-. . , ...., - . . 'k :,-. t v ,: - Panamas -.- .- s 'ra --' ..'. .--- -. --. ... ' -- .'i ;m?v3; :: vX- v ;n -Uooa presters select inctr nats wimnKrevcwirM6thera-dy:Crl-Mt(Jliell m v, i-iVi- Ail'' J-'iluii. SiS-ii- "4WS&. .-iiii? RfsayinalattfefroFbrtMWMoaxer Kp puwwijr uui xiyui. mw wx.wc .2tV:ii25?Sr fcfeal ff yon select your strmw 1t from mr staNyo -Jj Lsr s." Carolina; onabf vthe theit 4a SJfjikwill wear abecoraing; hat. v ' r r r. v ia 1 t 1 m h-'' : w ' . . ;MITCHELLI& BLAKEMORESTETSON MATNETTLEtON SHOESdSTCIN-BLOCH CLtTHEfMANHATTAN SHHtTSVIrs.v:!KiEKIJhiIJiii:i3IitrI,iu.;iH1, -1tiv 5- .TUESDAY, MAT 14', 1I1S.-AGE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY..ty31 BOURBON NEWSti"JErtablisned 188136 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayPr Year.. $2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Adavanae.SWUT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.Any erroneous reflection upon the'fc&ncter, standing or reputation of"Wk person, firm or corporation which.M&y appear in the columns of THEOJJRBON NEWS will be gladly cor-ptoted if brought to attention of theADVERTISING RATESt5isplay Advertisements, $1.00 per4cli for first time; 50 cents per inch-fch subsequent insertion.leading Notices, 10 cents per lineck issue; reading notices in blackfype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, .obituaries and resolutions, and-fimflar matter, 10 cents per line."Special rates for large advertiseements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedvo decline any advertisement or other-fcatter for publication.1 Announcements for political officesTi-iBjgst invariably be accompanied byho cash-- TFiic rrmprVins unlisted' Hviththe government in the-jcauseof America for thejjperiod of the warEDITORIAL MUSINGS..' The Last Bed Cross War Fund.How was the last Red Cross WarFund spent? This is a fair questionand it is fairly answered in thedetailed and itemized reports whichvS.Ve been published in the newspapers of every town and city in theland.You never saw the reports? Then:ask the officers of our local chapter,"5ecause the Red Cross War Council-ahts you to know where your'paoney went.rlThey say in France and Italy andmother stricken countries that American Red Cross relief supplies have away. of coming through on time."3tsdy did not find the RedCross wanting in promptness when-3ier great trial came. And Rouvaoanja they said no allied nation-cpjiJd get through to help Roumaniailifher dire need. But the AmericanItecL-'Cross found a way.. Ilis not always a cheap way.""Needs must" cost money. But did:youjive that money to be saved orto save lives? Are you not willing to-pay, five dollars or fifty to bring something of comfort to a war-racked andtortured ,mortal who, but for your gift-would surely die?And of one thing you may be sure:"Not one penny of that first hundredmillion dollars, given to the Red"Cross last summer, has gone for anything but war relief. The Red CrossWar Council, now asking for anotherhundred million, pledges the same"kind of expenditure.In the Red Cross there is no highsalaried bureaucracy, no extravagantadministration expense. All the' liigher officials and nine-tenths of the. workers are unpaid volunteers. The"tiost of raising and collecting the firstpRed Cross war fund was about one"haJf of one percent more then cover-" d by the banking interest on the?noney.-Tour Red Cross needs this secondhundred million to lighten just a lit"tle of the awful load of misery "over"here." Your share is all that youtcan give and then a little bitjnore.U Will you hold up your end?Must Have "Pep."We are reminded every now andIthe-n-that a man may have "punch,"T,nd v lots of it; "pep" plus, and""ginger" to fare-you-well. But unless he has a head on him he isnothing but a succession of loud explosions. " It used to be an awesome sight,before they autoed the fiffr-fightingSpjaratus, to see the horses. come&own the streetlwith engines andhearts. How they pushed into their'? -111111?jcollars and straghtened out in thetruanJ&g it Rooked like ,they were,jfjpiag a piile-a-minute. But one day. it Rtruckiis'lihat much of .thisneLirnljty of running energy was takenf in up-and-down motion, and 'that-s$he pace was not so swift after allr- t,a fkln nrnmnfe 1ia an iriroatfnntkat 'there is too much lost jmotton.- of the up-and-down variety in mostiuMnees Well", then?It's very clearly. feb'yoji jnd ;me to find out if there's- -mmjeUii jf like that in, bur businessfours and mine.CfrgVing qt motions-do tyou. recallTwrkat" Jjeorge Bernard Shaw says"'jibout Modern. T)rogre"ss? He hs nlidet, that much of what we callflKrb is of the squirrel-cage vari-9-vdety of notion where the going Is,tthen, "modern progress" snotpmuch, an advance as, it is arevlution; and the big round worldtof menand women is but to-day re-tastingand re-testing old emotion and oldpleasures.College Women As Nurses.Vassar College will have a camp atwhich college women will be offeredtrained as nurses. It is argued thatcollege women will be. able to learnmore quickly than high school girlsor indifferently educated women thepart of a nurse's education that islearned from text books and throughlectures.It will no doubt prove true thatcollege women can become capabletrained nurses more quickly thanothers. A good education nevercojmes amiss. It has been definitelyshown that there is a lower infantmortality rate among the children ofcollege women than in any otherclass. This is attributed to the mental training which includes methodsand apply them scruplously in childrearing. A college woman shouldupon this account salvage more livesas a war nurse than would be savedby a nurse with less mental training. "Over the Alps Lies Italy."Graduation day with all its flowers,will soon be here. You can alreadyscent the fragrance of blossoms.Our people have always taken greatpride in our schools, and no studentever carried away a diploma but tookit with the best wishes of our people. Speaking of the rapid approachof another graduation day reminds usthat there is nothing more pleasantin the busy hum-drum of after yearsthan to permit your mind to wanderback to the days of school life, thesweet memories and incidents thatcome up, the smiling faces and pleasant countenances; the old schoolhouse door, that has so often admitted you, swinging back and forth onits great hinges; the very wallsspeaking forth of happy hours; whileat your side stands the noble teacherwho has watched your very move,and is as much interested in yoursuccess as you are yourself.Tell "Mother" About It!Praise your wife sometimes. Sheworks hard enough as a general thingwith small compensation and lesscheer than any other member of thefamily. You like to be told that youcan do your particular kind of workbetter than any one else can, so whyshould you withhold the same merited praise from the woman who makesand keeps your home bright for you?Safety Eirst!There are some things that a levelheaded human being should never do.Among these is to kndle a fire withkerosene oil, to walk on a 'railroad,to attempt to get on a moving train,to point a gun or revolver at another,to put his name on another man'snote, to keep his savings in an oldstocking under the bed, to play agame of chance with a prepossessingstranger, to run for office when hehas a paying position in private life,or to call a bigger pan than himselfa liar.Help The Home Town.This year every citizen should takea deep interest in the -welfare of thecity. If you sincerely believe thatconditions are prevalent that needchanging, don't be afraid to startsomething. This year the very besteffart that is in every citizen shouldassert itself to the end that thistown's advancement is sure and safe.The fellow who kicks is often theman who does his community thereal service. There is a difference between a grouch and a good healthykicker.m m mTRACTORS TO AID THE KENTUCKY EARMERS.One hundred farm tractors are being distributed in various counties inKentucky, under the direction of theKentucky Council of Defense, with aview to increasing the State's agricultural yield in 1918.The tractors were brought intoKentucky through an arrangementmade between the Kentucky Councilof Defense and Henry Ford & Son,of Dearborn, Mich., in conformitywith the national government's campaign for increased agricultural production. Under the arrangement existingbetween the council and the tractormanufacturer, the council assumesthe responsibility for the proper distribution of the tractors. An effortis being made by the distributingagents of the council to make surethat the tractors are placed so as toguarantee the maximum yield fromtheir operation. In each instancethe farmer .getting a tractor from thecouncil is required to agree to keepthe tractor in service as much as possLblejjdurlng the t season, and to .adwork' with it for his neighbors at axeggqnjtble price whenever tjie tractpr,is -not needed 'on his own farm. The!Monarch Auto Company has receivedta.ar4$ad of the tractors and wIdistribute them in this territory. iThe counties in which the tractorsare being distributed.and the number,placed are as follows: Jefferson,fourteen; -Fayette, seven; .Scott, Henderson and Bourbon, seven; Clark,Montgomery and ,Madison, seven;Garrard, Boyle and Xiincdln, seven;Woodford, Anderson and Franklin,seven; Warrjen, Lynn and Simps6seven; McCracken and Graves, seven HChristian, Trigg an'd Todl, seven; '-JHenderson and Union,, seven; Da-dviess, Ohio and Hancock, seven, andMason, seven.also, So. cifcle.Accordingttb this?f J aJx- Ui.j.Jtfw:.T- Atif &Zp.MILLERSBURGTOj 'fit, f-.Mr. John W. Boulden, of Maysville, is the guest of his niece, Mrs.A. S. Best.Dr. W. G. Dailey and Mr.AR. M.Caldwell, were in Cincinnati', "Saturday and Sunday.THE SICK. Mrs. America Butler continues to grow weaker; Mrs.Fannie Norton continues about thesame; Urs. II. J. Faith and Mr. Jas.Clever improve slowly; Mr EarlHill is also improving; Mr. ThomasMason was taken to Massie MemorialHospital, at Paris, Friday, to betreated for blood poison, and is in aserious condition.Dr. Richard Wilkinson, of theEpiscopal church, at Lexington, delivered an interesting lecture underthe auspices of Amity Lodge No. 40,F. and A. M., at M. M. I. drill hall,Friday evening. The address was amasterpiece of eloquence, beauty andprofound thought. He carried hisaudience with him through everyphase of his subject. The addresslasted more than an hour, and mostof his audience could have listened to hiin twice that length of time.Dr. Wilkinson was entertained forsupper at the home of Mr. D. E.Clarke, Master of the lodge. Thosewho were invited to meet him therewere: Col. C. M. Best, Messrs. W. A.Butler, J. H. Bourroughs and R. M.Caldwell.Mr. Silas Clever, aged seventyone, died Saturday about one a. m.at the Massie Memorial Hospital, atParis, of blood poison, after a week'sillness. Most of the members of theClever family have been afflicted withblood poison in the past few weeks.Some days ago Mr. Clever pulledsome clover early in the morning tofeed some pet rabbits. He scratchedhis han'd on a gate in opening it.He had hot been well for some time,and his blood was much impoverish-,ed. He grew worse rapidly and wastaken to the Massie Memorial Hospital, Thursday, where he grew worseuntil the end. Mr. Clever was bornin 1887 in Fleming county, and withhis family moved to this communitymore than twenty years ago, wherehe has since resided. He has beenone of our most successful farmers.When he came here he purchased asmall farm, on which he resided for afew years. This he sold, purchasinganother. Since then he has continued to add to his farming land untilhe owned about six hundred acres atthe times of his death.His wife preceded him to thegrave about two years ago. He issurvived by two sons, Messrs. William and James Clever, both of thiscommunity; three daughters, Mrs. !Bozeman, of Lexington; Mrs. J. T. 'Conway and Mrs. Thomas Mason, of (Millersburg. He was a lifelong mem- 'ber of the Baptist church. A shortfuneral service was conducted at thehome Sunday at 2:30 p. m. by his for- imer pastor, Rev. R. C. Goldsmith," ofParis. The interment followed in theMillersburg Cemetery. The song service was rendered by Mrs. C. M. Best,Mr. and Mrs. J. Horde Barnes andDr. F. A. Herbert.lEl !5l IQ-"LAY INYOUR COAL SUPPLYNOW." '"Lay in your coal supply now."This is the urgent message to consumers of fuel in Kentucky, sent outby Wiley B. Bryan, Federal Fuel Administrator for the State.The Administration is placing particular stress upon the need of givingearly attention to the coal questionas it affects the individual consumer.The opportunity is at hand, he pointsout, for every household, every manufacturing plant a-nd every establishment which suffered from last winter's shortage to avoid suffering during the coming winter."And the way to do that," saysthe Administrator, "is to buy nextwinter's coal supply now."All consumers will be permitted topurchase as much coal as they wish,providing they do not exceed theirnormal individual winter supply.The Fuel Administration seeks tohave every consumer place his orderfor coal as early as possible. The situation generally does not permit thesmallest forecast as to what conditions may be later on, and the consumer will profit by heeding thewarning to "buy early."HERB! - ALL THIS WBMK- HMRJE!RUBIN & CHERRY SHOWS!Auspices A. J. Lovely Company, K. of P., No. 34. Benefit Red CrossCommencing Monday May 13th, to Saturday, May 18thSIXJ. S."fL. &STB AW- -ARE READYThe Latest, Best and MostComplete Line This TownHas Ever Seen.The men who buy their Straw Hats in our store this season do so for just one reason they know they 0 out withthe satisfied feeling that they're exactly what they want,both in STYLE and QUALITY,You'll enjoy the advantage of selecting your Straw Hatfrom the best and largest line in town,Don't Be the Last Man ToPut On a Straw Hat!Ail the Newest Shapes inSennets $ 1 .50 to $5.00 Leghorns $2.00 to $4.00Splits $2.00 to $5.00 Panamas,1 $4.00 to'$8.00Milans $4.00 to $6.00Manhattan Shirts Knox and C. & K. HatsHart, Schafner & Marx and Kirschbaum Clothes7th and MainTO SELECT MEETING PLACE PORPRESS ASSOCIATION.The Executive Committee of theKentucky Press Association will meetto-morrow (Saturday) morning, May11, at 11 o'clock in the SeelbachHotel, at Louisville, for the purposeof selecting the time and place forholding the annual mid-summermeeting of the association. Threeplaces have extended an invitationfor the meeting Dawson Springs,'Cerulean Springs and Danville. Invitations from other places will beconsidered.IS to IBNo married man can explain whyhe is afraid of his wife. All heknows about it is that he is afraidof her.For Sale.An oak folding bed a combination of bed, dresser and wardrobe;at a low figure if sold immediately.Home Phone 102. (25-tf)IRONWe pay highest prices for iron,junk, hides and wool.MUNICH & WIDES & CO.,Eighth St., Paris, Ky.,Cumb. Phone 374.(23-tf)BIG DAYSWILSON'SN. Depot, Winchester StreetR. P. WALSHOne-Price StoreFor SaleI will sell at public auction at myhome on Stoner Avenue, on Wednesday, May 15, a fine lot of householdgoods, furnishings, carpets, handsomekitchen gas range, etc.(10-2t) MRS. E. B. HEDGES.LOSTBetween the Power Grocery Co.and the M. J. Murphy Transfer Co.'soffice, a book containing $18.00 inbills, together with several papers.Reward for return to this office.(10-tf)Found.Automobile .license tag No. 40047,found on Maysville & Lexington pike,between Paris and Lexington. Ownercan obtain same by paying advertising charges. (12-tf)LOSTBetween the residence of Mrs.Belle Adair, on the Lexington pikeand Cohen's Shoe Store, a horseshoe-shapeddiamond pin, with goldscroll work on side of horseshoe. Reward for return to BOURBON NEWSoffice.SIX BIG NIGHTSHATSParis, Ky.For Rent.Three nice rooms, in good location;suitable for light housekeeping. Apply 314 Scott Avenue. O-tf)FOR SALEAn oak folding bed a combination of bed, dresser and wardrobe;at' a low figure if sold immediately.Home Phone 102. (26-tf)I BELIEVE1 believe that I am right in thac nclusion that thinking people donot wantJjargain glasses any moretnan they would -want nature- to endc,w them with a bargain pair oeyes.My work Js, and always will bejust as good as I know how to makoit. I must give satisfaction- in orderthat my business may grow.. If you will favor me with you?patronage, I will see to it that youonly pay a fair price and I will alscpromise you satisfaction so muchso that you will not hesitate to recommend me to your friensSs who areii need of eye, help.Dr. Wm. Riley FranklinBoth Phones.520 Main StLOTAV' .-..- JTHIiB(nJM KSWS, FAM9, KfNikiSOCIAL AND PERSON AL.TUESDAY, MAT 1,4, 1S18.KyVIiixiTjhetrendletonShop135 EAST MAIN ST., OPP. PHOENIX HOTELLEXINGTON, KENTUCKYWe Extend a Cordial Invitationto Visit Our New Store,and Solicit YourPatronageGOWNSSUITSHATSLARGE NUMBER OF DRAFT MENMAY LEAVE MAY 25.The Bourbon County Board of Exemption will be called on soon tofurnish, a large number of men from,the city and county from the list ofProfessional Cards.WMU GRANNANAttorneyatLawROOMS 401-402.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGDR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and Throat.ROOMS 403404.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING.PHONE 136.BAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly RollCream PuffsDoughnuts, Rolls, PiesGROCERYFruitsFresh VegetablesMEATDEPARTMENTRoatsLamb, Veal, PorkBrainsWILMOTHGrocery Go.Phone 376selectives under the draft law, according to information received fromthe office of the Adjutant-General atFrankfort. Of the 233,000 men whowill be called into service the last ofthis month, Kentucky will be required to furnish 6,311. The localBoard expects to receive further orders within the next few days. Nothing is yet known as to whether themen will be from the ranks of thecolored or white men, or from both.The men will be required to reporton or before May 25, on which daythey will leave Paris. The call for150,000 men in April, which thecountry furnishes and for the 233,000 this month will bring out in twomonths half the number of men originally contemplated for the year.Officials in Washington have nowmade it clear that it is now the purpose to mobilize all the men forwhom training and equipment facilities can be provided.Coming ud'Gtiirs of Our1 People Here, There andElsewhere.of the Louis-recuperating1E5 ?5 IS-JUST TTP.ATH1 OP WAS; INVESTSIN" LIBERTY BONDS!For four years Charles McNeale, aprospector, has been working a claimin the mountains of the Powder Riverin Oregon, all unconscious of thefact that nearly the entire world isat war.He recently arrived in Reno, Nevada, with $65,000 in gold, whichhe deposited in a bank, and then tried to make up for lost time by buying all the Thrift Stamps and WarSaving Certificates that he couldcarry.Liberty bonds were new to him,and he bought a few thousanddollars' worth to see what they looked like. After hearing many talesabout the war, he decided to enlist,but was rejected by the recruitingofficer because of his age. He sayshe has a rich placer mine in themountains. He said he would returnto his mine after investing all hismoney in Thrift Stamps and LibertyBonds.TE3 E3 TaPRESIDENT ASKS SCOUTS TOHUNT WALNUT TREES.Vfc;I Scarcity of black walnut timber for;the making of gun stocks and air, plane propellers has resulted in PresI dent Wilson addressing an appeal to'the 350,000 Boy Scouts of America! asking them to communicate to theWar Department the locationI throughout the country of black walnut trees, their size, the names of theowners and the price at which theycan be purchased.IH lt4i4'44'4-'I-4'I"l'4"I'4"I'I'I'I't''Iii''I'Il4 4'H liml.l 1 II 1 1 UppipiippipvJB9np"9RliHilPiHMflHH.The J- T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND EMBALMMRSParis Ky.Mainand SixthStreetsDay phone 36Ntsht : . . 56or Mo me 286Motor equipment.T? Ambulance calls promptly attended to withLimousine Invalitf'Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.ourp:pitppMFPP. y IL Jti-jL- HtHbbbbbbbbFJaMBMBlBBBBBBBBBBBBBBVMrs.v W. F. Cain, of Cincinnati,is a guest of Miss Katie Bryan, nearParis.Mr. W, V. Shaw,'ville & Nashville, isfrom a recent illness.Mr. Charles R. Turner is seriously ill at his home on Fifteenthstreet, with, heart trouble.Mr. D. G. Taylor has returnedfrom a visit to his brother, Mr. W.W. Taylor, in Washington, D. C.Mrs. Rachel Smith, of near Clintonville, left Saturday for a visit toMrs. Edgar Liver, near Denver, Colorado. Mrs. Jerry Keller has returnedto her hom.e in this city after a visitto her parents, Mr. and Mrs. John P.Conway, in Winchester.Miss Martha Stepnenson, of nearParis, was a member of a house partyentertained in Maysville for theweek-end by Mr. Joseph. Mathews.Mrs. Eldred Dudley has returned to her home in Covington, after avisit to her brothers, Claude andThos. Weathers, near Clintonville.Rev. R. C Goldsmith, pastor ofthe Paris Baptist church, left yesterday for Hot Springs, Ark., as adelegate to the Southern Baptist Association. Miss Louise Redmon, of nearParis, left Saturday for Minneapolis,Minn., where she will be a guest ofher brother, Mr. Harry Redmon, andMrs. Redmon.Mr. A. J. Skillman, who has beenseriously ill of pneumonia at hishome on Second street for some time,nas completely recovered, and isable to be out.Miss Sarah Stephenson has returned to her school duties at Margaret College, in Versailles, after avisit to her parents, Mr. and Mrs. A.L. Stephenson, near Paris.Among recent visitors in Cincinnati were Mr. Harry L. Baldwinand daughter, Miss Vernita Baldwin, Mrs. J. T. Farmer and daughter, and Mrs. I. O. Barnett.Miss Tillie Jaynes, who has beenseriously ill at the Massie MemorialHospital, in this city for severalweeks, is improving, and will soon beable to return to her home.Mrs. S. M. Wilmoth, Mr. andMrs. Carley Wilmoth and family andMr. Thomas Wilmoth will move thisweek from their residence on Houston avenue to the Windsor Hotel.Mr. and Mrs. Arthur B. Hancoks and Mr. and Mrs. Catesby Woodford were box-holders at the racemeeting at the Churchill Down track,at Louisville, for the Derby, Saturday. Dr. Louis Oberdorfer and daughters, Miss Rosalee Oberdorfer andMrs. Harry Linville, and little MissNatallee Linville, were guests offriends and relatives in Cincinnatiseveral days last week.Mrs. James Herrington will bebrought this week to her home nearRuddles Mills, from the Good Samarf-'tan Hospital, at Lexington, where shehas been a patient for several weeks,following an operation for appendicitis. Miss Florence Hedges, who hasbeen a patient at the Good SamaritanHospital, in Lexington, sufferingfrom -an attack of typhoid fever, hasreturned to the home of her parents,Mr. and Mrs. Ollie Hedges, near thiscity.Miss Gladys Snapp has beenmoved to the home of her brother,Dr. E. L. Snapp, on Stoner avenue,from the Massie Memorial Hospital,in this city, where she has been apatient following an operation forappendicitis.Mr. W. W. Hinton, of Paris, whohas been a patient in a Cincinnatihospital for several weeks, is on theroad to recovery, and will be able toreturn home some time this week.Mrs. Hinton, who has been with him,will accompany him home.Among those who went fromParis, Saturday, to witness, the running or tne Derby at the ChurchillDowns track were Mrs. Spears Mooreand Miss Ruby Jane Houston. Whilein Louisville they visited Miss Houston's brother, Mr. Albert Houston,who is a member of the Dr. BarrowBase Hospital Unit No. 40, at CampZachary Taylor.Mrs. Grover Baldwin was hostesslast week at a delightfully informalaffair at her home on Higgins avenuein honor of Mrs. Brinch Meinertz,formerly Miss Corinne Collins. Theentertainment was in the nature of aJapanese tea, all the arrangementsand decorations being carried out inthe Japanese style. Sandwiches andsalads were served in the diningroom, where Misses Patsy Clark, Vernita Baldwin and Hattie Hill O'Neillcharmingly attired in Japanese costumes, presided. Japanese souvenirs were presented to each of thefifty guests.The "Knitters," an organizationcomposed of Paris and Bourboncounty women, paid a visit lastweek to Mrs. Powell Bosworth, oneof their members, who recently moved to Lexington. The party had anenjoyable time at the home of thehostess, in Mentelle Park . "TheKnitters" is composed of the following: Mrs. Oscar T. Hinton, Mrs. Edward F. Prichard, Mrs. Woodford C.Daniel, Mrs. Amos Turnev. Jr.. Mrs.Wade H. Whitley, Mrs. Virgil Gaitskill, Misses Nancy Griffith, ClaraBelle O'Neill, Rachel Wiggins, Elizabeth Jasper and Hattie Hill O'Neill.(Other Personals-on-Page 5.)KitOF RELIEF I Wolft ile & ComanyWoman Gives Statement Telling HowTanlac Rheumatism TreatmentHelped Her. .to get ridgot rid of"I'd like for 'everybodyor tneir rheumatism like Imine and that is why I'm giving thisstatement for the papers telling howTanlac Rheumatism Treatment, hashelped me,? said Mrs. Elva Haworth,317 West Second street, New Albany,Ind., near Louisville."I suffered from rheumatism fortwelve years and it seemed that Icouldn't get anything that wouldhelp me. My knee and hip had' gotten stiff from rheumatism and it wasso bad that I couldn't bend my knee.You can see that it was mighty hardfor me to get around under these conditions. Why, I actually had forgotten how to walk."Nothing helped me -until I begantaking this new Tanlac treatmentand I guess that must have been whyI was so surprised when it helpedme. The relief I have gained sinceI started taking Tanlac RheumatismTreatment is remarkable and I amconfident that this medicine is goingto bring me complete relief."I'm only too glad to give thisstatement for Tanlac RheumatismTreatment because I want others whoare suffering like I was to knowwhat helped me."If you suffer from rheumatism getTanlac Rheumatism Treatment today atVARDEN & SON'S.Don't Feel Run Down.Ty Tanlac if you feel run down.It will build you up and make youfeel good again. You can get Tan-VARDEN & SON'S,(adv)DON'T BITE TOO DEEP.Here is a word of advice for thebond pui chaser. Don't bite off morethan you ran chew. Your Government doe?iJt want' you to "strap1'yourself or run into financial difficulties trying to pay for a bond. Buyone small enough so you will be ableto pay for it in the allotted timewithout having to borrow money tomeet the obligation. Its value willrepresent your savings for that period of time. If your cii cumstanceswon't permit of you purchasing a$1,000 bond, buy a $500 one, or a?100 bond or one for ?50. Don'tcomplicate our already complicatedfinancial problem by assuming adebt you can't pay.Twin Bros.Department Storedfcatsj Jrats.Lot No. 1 $1.00Lot No: 2 -K49Lot No.' 3 1.98Lot No. 4 2.50Lot No. 5 3.98These are all newhats.pTOBACCO SALES IN KENTUCKYUJtt APKLL.Commissioner of Agriculture MatCohen reports the tobacco sales inICentucky for -the month of April tototal 21.349.173 Dounds at an average of $18'.75 per hundred pounds.This makes a total of $4,002,025.78on sales.These sales include the reportsfrom all warehouses , in the State,"who are required to send -monthlystatements to the office of the com-Wash SkirtsNew Ones, from98c upTjowelSpecialTurkish Bath, size 4221inches, 40c value, special at29c eachjCadieo Silkhosieryin plain and fancy stripes -75c eachTwin Bros.Dtpartmtnt Stortr Notwithstanding the fact that Woolen Materials arccontinually rising in price and will go still higherand with labor costs increasing,We Announce AnExtraordinary SaleofTailored Suits$25.00$29.50$35.00All from our regular stock and representing big reductions in price.We Also Announce A Big Sale Of .Women'sSilk DressesAt $25.00In Crene de Chine. Georgette. Hrpnp. Silk ftine-hamsH &.!. 1 and other choice materials.WOLF, WILE & CO.LEXINGTON, KY.Iff WaWaWaWaWa nt m m m gjmmWe Have Some Very FineNEAL'SPAYMASTERSEEDCORNGermination GuaranteedOrder Early, as the Stock isalimited.C. S. BALL OARAGECor-! Fourth and Pleasant Str.i.K,4.?minimum mi h i m ii-H'ii hi tif("missioner 'ofragriculturer'r 'V"'-'WM wU-rX.THK BOURBON NEWS, PARIS. KY.ZMIfQfl "ViwPHHirf.,N''nTUESDAY, MAT 14, lflf , "tV A I -- ...smTzzprTTTimm of wokeits woix'' INTEKESTim TO UJLUJB'- .WOMEN.'4Kdit,theKaiser ThroughKitchen.thetKernel Wheat off to the front:Little buns of barley,Little rolls of rye;Send wheat across the ocean1J tTo every good ally.V Jst ft worth while for me to saveBmair amounts when I see those aboutone continuing large extravagances?- Yes, it is. Every yard of material,'every day's labor you set free for theGovernment counts. Every bit youunnecessarily use tampers with theEquipment of the army. America expects every woman to do her duty in;the same spirit as we expect each Soldier when the command comes to'go over the top" without turning-to see if the next man has gone first!" . "We Can Can."One woman in Daviess County,iky., sold $1,270 worth of canned tomatoes and still had enough cannedgoods on hand to take her safelythrough the winter. Every one ofthe 62 counties included in Kentucky's latest bulletin reports conservation work. The "We Can Can"movement in Kentucky contained noempty boast, for in almost everycounty classes and demonstrationsaroused attention.Where There's a Will There's a Wav. In Logan county, Itfiim., becausethe supply of knitting yarn is getting low, many of the women arebeginning to spin their own yarn."The Value of Sons:.Most of the counties in Minnesotaare making a feature of "communitysong." The part that music, and especially community music, may playin arousing patriotic spirit andbringing groups of people togethercan not be overemphasized. National Defense Bulletin.At the Red Cross Rooms.Tuesday Woman's Society Christian Cb.urch.Wednesday Woman's SocietyCatholic Church.'' Friday Woman's Society Presbyterian Church.j. Saturday Junior Red Cross.Rhubarb Betty ReceiDt.1 pint of canned rhubarb.. 2 cupfuls of bread crumbs,' 1 teaspoonful of butter substitute,-tl teaspoonful of ground cinnamon,; Sugar to taste." Brush, a baking dish with buttersubstitute; cover the bottom withcrumbs one inch deep, tb.en with alternate layers of rhubarb andcrumbs; sprinkle the sugar over eachlayer of rhubarb. If the rhubarb-was canned with sugar very little ornoneneed be used. Sprinkle the topwith cinnamon and put the rest ofthe butter substitute on top. Coverand place in a moderate oven for J.forty minutes. Uncover and bake for'fifteen minutes longer. Serve withsirup.; Substitute the fresh rhubarb whenin, season.' Donate Your Old Kid Gloves..A committee of Red Cross workersasks that we collect all old kidgloves and pieces of pliable leather,such as pillow tops, old post cards,hook-backs, etc. These are to becleaned, dyed, and fashioned in windproof vests that are really superiorto sweaters. For, besides beingwarm, these vests are impervious togusts of wind and assaults of"cooties" alike. A receptacle to receive tliese donations will be found atttye Paris Book Store.jA Red Cross commission is on itsway to Palestine, where conditionsare peculiarly deplorable. Famineand disease have exacted heavy toll.Typhus and cholera are epidemic. Inno part of the world into which thewjir has been carried is the conditionof the civilan population worse than,in. the land of the Bible. It wasfrom there came the message, "In asmuch, as ye do it unto the least ofthese, ye do it unto me."' Count your blessings, sum up yourcomforts, yes, and your luxuries.V '-then think of England, Italy, Franceand Belgium, and give generously tothe Red Cross.Prove to the boys that we deemtheir blood more precious than ourdollars.- s Get Eeadv.srr- What are your accomplishments?- .What can you do serve Uncle Sam?"Will you go "over there?"N Will you answer a call if you mustleave your home?Will you do work in your home?'Will you sew or knit for the RedCross?" Uncle Sam is wanting informationconcerning the woman power of thecountry.Early in June an opportunity willbe .given every woman in the countyrto register for either volunteer orpaid service.rJ3e ready!. m m mjSris boy elected head opI SCHOOL paper.3Ir. Thornton Connell, son of Mr.kid Mrs. John J. Connell, of Paris,"and a Junior in the Department ofJournalism at the University of Kentucky was re-elected editor-in-chiefof the Kentucky Kernel, the University publication, at a meeting of theboard, held in Lexington, Saturday.Mrl Connell was acting editor thisyear when Estill Woods, who was'elected to the position early in the'yeT, let the institution. Mr. Conjeil announced that Mr. Fred Jackv 8ok, of Versailles, would be managimg editor of the 'Kentucky Kerneliext year, and that other members ofthe" staft will 'be selected' this, week.-. 'DEATHS. .MOREHEAD.Mr. A. H. Morehead, a prominentbusiness1 man of Earlington, died athis home in that city Friday night,after a short illness. Mr. Moreheadhad been in apparently good healthuntil just a short time before hisdeath, when he was seized with a-nattack of acute indigestion, whichcaused his death in a slibrt time.Mr. Morehead is survived by his.widow and" pne daughter, Mrs. W. K.Griffin, wife of Mr. W. K. Griffin, ofthe Train Dispatcher's office of theLouisville & Nashville, in this city.Mr. and Mrs. Griffin attended thefuneral and burial, which was heldin Earlington, Saturday afternoon.TAYLOR.. The funeral of Mrs. Sarah AnnTaylor, widow of George W. Taylor,who died at the home of her daughter, Mrs. Jos. Lane Taylor, in Cynthiana, after an illness extendingover a period of two years, was heldat the residence in Cynthiana, Saturday morning at ten o'clock, with services conducted by Rev. J. D. Armistead, pastor of the Cynthiana Christian church. The interment followedin Battle Grove Cemetery.Mrs. Taylor, at the time of herdeath, had passed her ninety-firstyear. She was a native of thiscounty, wThere she was born on January 25, 1827. She was a daughterof George and Margaret Hayes. Herhusband, Mr. George W. Taylor, ofParis, to whom she was married onApril 16, 1849, preceded her to thegrave over twenty-six years ago. Sheis survived by one daughter, Mrs. J.L. Taylor, with whom she. had beenjinaking her home for about elevenyears.hlKfeMATRIMONIAL.HUNTER DAVIDSON.Miss Elizabeth Hunter and Mr.J. L. Davidson, both of Lexington,were married in this city last weekat the residence of tlie officiatingminister, Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor ofthe Christian church. After the ceremony they returned to Lexington,where they will reside in the future.MATTHEWS PHILLIPS.The marriage of Miss MaryOlive Matthews, daughter of Mr. andMrs. W. E. Matthews, of Walker avenue, this city, and Mr. George Sherman Pillips, of Chicago, took placeleet Wednesday evening at eighto'clock, at the home of the officiatingminister, Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor ofthe Paris Christian church.The bride is a handsome and charming young woman, who has made ahost of friends in this city by hermany graces of character. Mr. Phillips is a prosperous young businessman of Chicagp. After the ceremonyMr. and Mrs. Phillips left for a shortwedding tour. They will make theirhome in Chicago. The attendants atthe wedding were Mr. and Mrs. Robin Horton, of Henderson street, thiscity.3 3 TSB-4 FIRE' Insure withW.O.HINTON &SON,AgtsAUBURN, KY., VISITED BY $40,000 EIRE.A $40,-000 fire visited Auburn, Logan county, Friday morning at 5:30o'clock. The origin of the fire is unknown. It started in the MaxwellGrocery store, the stock of which wasdestroyed. The dry goods store of A.A. Milton, adjoining the Maxwellstore, was also destroyed. His loss is$25,000 with some insurance. Thepostoffice adjoining was burned next.Miss Mattie Lou Morris, postmistress,reports all stamps and money saved.The flames then spread to the W. O.W. Hall and vacant storeroom, whichwere burned to the ground. Theframe residence of Mrs. Lucy Baldwin was a loss $1,650, with $650 insurance. Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.THING TO WORRY ABOUTAll at the Paris Grand that tendsto spoil the evening's enjoyment forthe people who really want to seethe pictures isSix squalling babies, all cryinginconcert, but in different keys; thegink with a voice he loves to hear,who persits in reading the titles outaloud; the giggling, simpering lasseswith a line of mushy conversation so"bright" that it dims the picture onthe screen; peanut crushing and popcorn munching kids on the lowerfloor; the fellow who has seen thepicture and wants to tell what is going to happen next; the jayhawkerwho propS his knees against the backof your seat and sticks his feet inyour coat pocket but the list is toolong, too long!BIBLE SCHOOL CONFERENCE.The first monthly conference ofthe Bourbon County Christian BibleSchool Association was held at theMt. Carmel Christian church, Sunday.afternoon, beginning at 3:15 o'clock.The following program was observed:Devotional R. H. Biddle, Jr.;"Teacher Training," Prof. B. M. Roberts; "Some New Phases of Organization," Joseph Meyers; "The Weekly.tmiieun," Mrs. c. C. Kluny; OpenConference; "How To Increase TheAttendance," Amos Stamper; "A Living Link On the Foreign Field," MissDaisev Detwlllpr; firme SorvJoo- a."County Wide Evangelistic Campaign," by all the members; Open,Conference; adjournment.$ -1 jZmCr: THETuesday, Mayf ,14thWilliam fox PresentsTHEDA BARAIN ,"The Rose ofi Blood"By Richard Ordjrnski. 'ALSO ,Also Antonio Moreno and Pearl White, in, the Seventh Episode of"THE HOUSE OF HATE"PricesRELIGIOUS.Mother's Day exercises at theChristian church drew an attendanceat the Sunday school of 755, a record that will be hard to exceed bymany of the schools throughout Central Kentucky.The prayer meeting at the Presbyterian church to-morrow nightwill be in the nature of a preparatory service. Communion will be heldnext Sunday and this service Wednesday night will be in preparationfor that solemn event.An invitation to conduct divineworship in his church on Sunday,May 19, has been extended to Rev.J. J. Rice and the members of thecongregation of the Presbyterianchurch, by Rev. R. C. Goldsmith, wholeft Monday at attend the conventionof the Southern Baptist church, atHot Springs, Ark.There will be no morning orevening services at the Baptistchurch next Sunday. The pastor willbe out of the city attending theSouthern Baptist Convention at HotSprings, Ark. Sunday School will beat usual hour, 9:30. B. Y. P. U. services at seven o'clock.At the services Sunday morningthere were twenty-four additions tothe church. Of the number, the following joined in the Sunday school:T-hos. Mullins, Doug. Thomas' Ches-.ter Feeback, Nannette Arkle, Mrs". 6R. Miller, Mrs. Vernon Cottrell, C. E.Cottrell, Mr. and Mrs. O. K Hazle-iriprpr. Miss lUarv Sniindprs. Anna Mnvt00 - J .VOTV. -V , .- rfxuuug, .uaigaici oycutvca, xjuuiuuuwPaton, Ardery Case, Prescott Millerand 'Ed. Drane Paton. MThe revival at the Paris Christian church is growing in interestand enthusiasm each night. Therewere twenty-five additions Sundayand great audiences are attendingeach, service.Rev. J. J. Castleberry, who is assisting Rev. Ellis, the pastor, preached last night on, "The Quest of Happiness." He has announced the following themes for this week, andyou should hear every one of themdiscussed : iTuesday night "The Faith thatSaves." iWednesday night "The Type ofReligion for To-day."Thursday night "Becoming aChristian."Friday night "Facing the Factsof Life." (A special sermon foryoung people.)Saturday night "The Priesthoodof the Parent." (A special sermonfor parents.) "Sunday morning "Steps to Life'sSummit."Sunday night "Two Great Questions About Jesus." ?Prof Boajright has a large choirand the .music is very inspiring. MrkCastleberry, the evangelist, speaksfluently and with much earnestnessand enthusiasm. Start in to-nightand don't miss a single service. Theservices are brief, bright and brotherly. Don't let anything keep youaway. The general public is cordially. invited to come and enjoy theseuplifting services. Services begineach, night at 8 o'clock. Come.EANCY STRAWBERRIESFancy Tennessee strawberries thatare shipped direct from the patch.We receive them daily.(It) FARMERS SUPPLY CO.Si t4 eiiADMINISTRATOR APPOINTEDMr. Clifton-L. Dalzell, of near Little Rock, this 'county, has been appointed by County Judge George Batterton as administrator of the estateof his son, the late Mr. Elgin Dalzell, who died in Philadalphia, Pa.,while in the service of the UnitedStates. Mr. Dalzell accepted thetrust and qualified by executingbond in the sum of $1,000.COUNTY WAR CONPERENCEiPOSTERS ARE DISTRIBUTEDPosters and advertising matter forthe County War Conferences calledby the Council of National Defenseare being mailed out by Superintend""ent of Public Instruction V. C. Gilbert. Every county in the State willhold all day mass meetings with picnic dinners. Personal letters arebeing sent to all of the county schoolsuperintendents, trustees and Boardsof Education by Superintendent Gilbert urging them to get behind themass meetings and make them Successes.., V4UKiiJ.., ,v $j, - I ,iPARIS GRAND AND ALAMOWednesday,George"Jules of the Strong Heart"A Paramount Picture.Also a "Luke" Comedy,with Harold Lloyd.Hearst-Pathe News No.33.!At the AlamoChildren5c war tax lc; Adults 13c war tax 2c.At fcl?e Pars Grand-Children 5c-war tax lc; Adult 13c-war tax 2c.Colored persons, Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 10c war tax lc.BIRTHS.In Cynthiana, to the wife of Mr.Charles T. Eales, formerly of Bourbon county, a son.To the wife of Mr. James McCarthy, in Paris, a son.To th.e wife of Mr. George Boaz,of near Paris, a son.To the wife of Mr. Icely Mann,in Paris, formerly Miss Anna Walton, of' Livingston, a son.Mr. and Mrs. S. Kenney Nicholsare receiving congratulations uponthe advent in their home Saturdayevening of another heir an eightpound son, their second child.WOOL WANTED.Call and set sacksandtwine.R. B. HUTCHCRAFT & CO.(apr30-6t)CONFEDERATE REUNIONMembers of John H. Morgan Camp,United Confederate Veterans, ofParis, have received a cordial invitation to be present at the annual reunion of the National organizationto be held at Tulsa, Okla., Sept. 25,26 and 27.The selection of Tulsa, though Oklahoma did not exist as a State 'during the life of the Confederacy, is atribute to tle thousands of Indianswho 'enlisted from Indian TerritoryLto fight in the cause of the south.Beauty anoEconomyVEFtnificent footwear never such style and Quality beenoffered. All Fashion'js latest decrees for this Spring's correct dressers on sale tomorrow (Saturday) at a fraction oftheir cost. You can readily understand that buying forcash, not only for our retail stores, but for our mammothwholesale house, gives us a purchasing power unequaledanwhere, making us the absoluteSHOE CENTERFOR ECONOMYCome in this week, be correctly shod for Spring at a bigsaving.Ladies' Mdhogany Tan Bootsand OxfordsLadies' Gray Boots andPumpsLadies' Black English Boots andOxfordsLadies' Assorted Shoes, Oxfordsand Pumps nAll the Leading Colors in the Latest StylishLATGParis' Greatest Shoe StoreMay 15thBebanINFarms For Sale!The S. J. Jones Real Estate Agency,Hamersville, Boone County, O., isready to supply you with a goodfarm, large or small, worth themoney. (14-6t)For Sale Privately.The two-story brick business housesituated on the east side of Mainstreet, between Seventh and Eighthstreet, in Paris, Ky., consisting of alarge store on on first floor and livinglarge store on first floor and livingmodern conveniences. For terms,apply to the undersigned at his officein the First National Bank Building.WM. GRANNON,Agent for Ed and M. J. Coughlin.(14-lt)NOTICEAll persons who have not taken outDog License must do so at once asthe law will be enforced in five daysfrom May 11, 1918.And those who have not taken outWagon and Vehicle licenses musttake them out at once and place ontheir Vehicle the License Plate in aconspicuous place.E. B JANUARY,Mayor.PARIS, KY.,'May 11, 1918. .( 14.-2 1)Go HandIn Hand!Never beforehave such magJust a Few of the Many$3.95$3.49$2.99$1.95Men's Dark Tan English Shoes and r aa' Oxfords, Walk-Over. . . . $5.UUMen's Tan and Black Shoes and o 4nOxfords, good makes $J.4UMen's Gun Metal Button Co 4n 4o a aand Lace Shoes.'. $ Z.4U-$Z.iflfBoys' Gun Metal Lace and i aa ai nButton Shoes $l.y9-$1.7yDEBOOTSOXFORDSTHE LOWEST PRICESDAN COHENThursday, May 16thGoldwyn Pictures Corporation PresentsMadge Kennedy(and her eyes and her smile)IN"Our LittleifMutt and Jeff CartoonComedy, "On lce.Also Animated WeeklyNews No. SO.Public Sale-OF-Personal PropertyParis Lodge No. 373, B. P. O. Elks,having dissolved, the undersignedTrustees of said Lodge, will for thepurpose of settling its affairs, offerat public sale at the lodge rooms onMain street, in Paris, Ky., about thehour of 3 o'clock "p. m., onSATURDAY, MAY 18, 1918.; a lot of personal property, consistingprincipally or:1 leather couch;2 large leather chairs, and a lot ofother chairs;4 large rugs and several tables:1 victrola;1 set World's Classics, and a lot ofother books;About 10 sectional bcok-cases,pictures, etc.The net proceeds derived from thesale of the above property will be dojnated by said Lodge to the MassieMemorial Hospital and the BourbonCounty Red Cross Association, onehalf to each. Come and make thisFsale a big success for two worthycauses.Terms of sale cash.WM. GRANNAN,D. C. PARRISH,WM. SHIRE,Trustees Paris Lodge, B. P. O. Elks.(14-2t)5BargainsAND POMPSJ&4$2PjffldffiW6StygMimjWfiere Beauty and JEconomy Reign-FVr?;? ;&V8fei?&riH'.if-' :VrTUESDlT, MAY-7, llil.. - TTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARK, KYvA-"TOM5DAY, MAT 14;" HSE'---SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.' tSxfOfl THE 1ESTNOTHING ELSETOBACCO FERTILIZER.Place your order now.When present supply is soldwill be unable to furnishany more.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(may 7-8 1)m mmBOYS' rUTAKI BLOUSES 75c.Serviceable for work or play, ages6 to 13 years.J. W. DAVIS & CO. 'LICENSES COLLECTED.At the close of business SaturdayCity Collector Wallace Mitchell reported a total of ? 5,2 18 paid in forcity licenses under the recent ordinance enacted by the Paris CityCouncil.m m mINTERESTING OLD HOME.One of the most interesting andhistorical old homes in Bourboncounty is "Mt. Leba-non," the formerhome of Gov. James Garrard, nowoccupied by his lineal descendants,William Garrard Talbott and ThomasHart Talbott. -The home was built in1785 by Gov. Garrard and wife, whohad moved to Kentucky from Virginia three years prevously.The old home is the subject of aninteresting "wirte-up" in Sunday'sCourier-Journal, in which manyhitherto unpublished details aregiven concerning the early history ofthe mansion.im mi mWE SAVE YOU $1.00 GALLON ONPAJNTWe have a limited amount of paintleft that we can save you one dollarper gallon on. No better paint made.(It) FARMERS SUPPLY CO.EAIN WORTH THOUSANDS OFDOLLARS TO FARMERSThe heavy rains of Sunday and yesterday were worth thousands of dollars to the farms and gardens ofBourbon county and "Central Kentucky. Farmers for the past weekhave been praying for rain, and thetruck gardeners were despairing forthe heavy downpour that came duringthe day. Every cereal and vegetableon the farm and in the garden wasgreatly benefitted, and with a fewdays of warm sunshine that maycome this week, the meadows willhave plenty of grass for stock, andthe gardens will blossom forth inHoover food that will supply theneeds of the people who have beenliving on canned goods and other fixings through the long winter.COMMENCEMENT WEEK ATTHE PARIS HOME SCHOOL.Saturday, May 18 Excursion toFrankfort, Graduating Class.Monday, May 20 Reception forthe Graduating Class, 3 p. m. to 6 p.m., Paris Home School.Tuesday, May 21 CompetitiveDnnAi-no- n-mrhiatinsr Class. .Fianoand Violin Recital,Home School.Wednesday, MayViolin Recital, 8 pSchool.Thursday, May 23 Commencement Exercises, 8 p. m., Court House.Address by Judge J. M. Stephenson, Winchester.WOOL WANTED.Highest market price paidfor wpol. Plenty of sacksand twine at our mule barnon South Main Street.CAYWOOD & McCLlNTOCK.(aprl9-lm)C0MINGATTRACTI0NS AT THEPARIS GRAND AND ALAMO.To-day, Tuesday, May 14 ThedaBara, in "The Rose of Blood;" PearlWhite and Antonio Moreno, m seventh episode of "The House of Hate.To-morrow, Wednesday, May 15anro-P -Rphan in "Jules of the StrongHeart:" "Luke" Comedy, with HarJold Lloyd; Hearst Pathe News feature No. 33.Thursday, May 16 Madge Kennedy (and her smile and her eyes) in"Our Little Wife;" Mutt and JeffComedy, "On Ice;" Animated WeeklyNews No. 50.8 p. m., Paris22 Piano andm. Paris HomeComingsand Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere." COUNCIL PROCEEDINGS,At the regular meeting of theParis City Council last Thursdaynight, the following business wastransacted:The BOURBON NEWS and theMrc n tt "Duo!,- to , t Jtveutuuiiictu-oiLizen were awarueutat&r,wmtn for city printin&-xr T 17 mness. j 0lL complaint of Mp F. Kenney theMr. A. J. Stern returned Sunday j auctioneer's license was reduced fromfrom a stay at Mt. Clemens, Michi- i $50 to $25. Ice -wagon licenses weregan- lowered from $15 to $10.Mr. Ollie Soper has gone to Ar- j An ordinande proposed by thetesia, Alabama, to look after '"his Building Committee to regulate andfarming interests. restrain the erection of wooden,Mr. Richard C. Sales left yester- j brick stone, concrete, iron buildings-ATTENTION, ATJTOISTS!re-com-justrpi, Ttnio nnMop have againceived instructions to wage war onauto owners and drivers who wilfully and persistently violate the cityordinances regarding exceeding thespeed limit and keeping mufflers ofmachines open. They have been instructed to take in all violators ofthe ordinance. cComplaints have been numerousi4.i .n nnrtc nf the city, anditntJiy li urn. u-i jj. -in nearly every instance wenlnTif Vine hon fllllV lUStifieda few days ago the noise made byopen mufflers on machines passing upand down Main street, was so loudand persistent that ,merchante had tokeep their front doors closed in orj ,r nr intelligible con--versation over the telephone, uthere is any reasonable excuse forthe open muffler we don't know whatit is. Even experts admit that it isan absolutely unnecessary noise.But it seems that somdrivers ofmachines would rather not have amachine at.all if they could not makea big noise with the open mufflerCouldn't they find same other way ofletting ihe, public know of their importance in the world?uay ior a two-weeks' visit to hisparents, in Blanca, Colorado.Miss Nannie Thompson, of Lexington, is a guest of Mr. and Mrs.Bernard Santen, on High street.Mr. W. H. McMillan has returned from a winter's stay in St. Petersburg, and other points in Florida.-Mr. W. P. Mansfield, of Danville,who is just recovferine from a. rpvaillness, is visiting relatives im Paris, iMrs. j. w. Bacon and Miss ClaraBacon have returned from a week'svisitto relatives in Newport and Cincinnati. Mrs. Anna L. Lancaster, of theCumberland Telephone Co. operatingforce, is visiting friends and relativesin Chicago.Mr. I. D. Thompson returnedSunday from a protracted stay at RedBoiling Springs, in Tennessee, greatly improved.Mr. C. A. Teller, of Chicago, is aguest at the home of Mr. and Mrs.I. L. Price, "where his wife is spending the summer.Mrs. Phil Nippert, Sr., has returned from a visit to her brother,Mr. T. T. Shannon, and Mrs. Shannon, in Louisville.Mrs. Leila Johnson Clark has returned to her home in Lexington, after a visit to her father, Mr. W. H.H. Johnson, on Second street.Mrs. L. R. Henry, of North Middletown, is a patient at the Good Samaritan Hospital, in Lexington,where she is recuperating from theeffects of a recent severe illness.Miss Pfincia Gaines, who teaches the Little Rock School, in thiscounty, is spending a few days at herhome in Georgetown, on a vacation.Mr. H. A. Power, president ofthe Power Grocery Co., has returnedfrom Louisville, where he attendedthe convention of Southern Wholesale Grocers.Among those from Paris who attended the sessions of the ChristianEndeavor Convention, in Covington,jmday, were Rev. W. E. Ellis, D. Y.L. Farley, H. L. Baldwin, Miss Vernita Baldwin, Foster Mitchell andRene Clark,Mr. Charlton Clay returnedfrom Louisville, where he went witha party composed of Mr. und Mrs.Joseph Harting, Mrs. Fred Herschler,Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Stoll and Lieut.Edward Stoll, to attend the races.Dr. Martha Petree has returnedfrom Louisville, where she attendedthe State Convention of Osteopaths.Dr. Petree was honored by the Association by being elected President.She delivered an address on the subject, 'Diet As An Aid to OsteopathicTreatment in A Series of Diseases."Dr. and Mrs. D. B. Andersonhave moved to the Dr. Campbellproperty adjoining the Paris PublicLibrary. During the "reconstruction" process, their little daughter,Miss Jean Anderson, is a guest of heraunt, Mrs. William E. Williams, inLexington.Mr. Wm. C. Potts came over, fromMt. Sterling Sunday and visited hisfamily until Monday morning. Mrs.Potts, who was just recuperatingfrom the effects of an operation, forremoval of adenoids and enlargedtonsils, has been ill with measles.Mr. Robert S. Porter returnedSunday morning from Norton Infirmary, in Louisville, where he has beena patient for two weeks. Mr. Porterrecently underwent a successful operation-byDr. Louis Frank. He willtake a rest of several days before resuming active work.Mr. James Childs, of Maysville,Grand. Patriarch of the Odd Fellowsorder, was a guest of Paris friendsSaturday. Mr. Chiles was here onbusiness connected with the order.In the afternoon, accompanied byMr. James Rye and Mr. P. J. McCord, of the local lodge, he paid avisit to the lodge at Cynthiana, onofficial business.At the annual May fete held onthe college campus at Margaret College, Versailles, yesterday, MissMary Kenney Webber, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. C. A. Weber, of thiscity, was chosen as Queen. Hermaids of honor were Misses Blanche iHunter and Margaret McLeod, ofVersailles. The Queen was crownedby Miss Annie Riddell, of Irvine. Following the fete an informal dancewas given in the alumnae gymnasiumfor the benefit of the Red Cross, anadmission price of fifty cents realizing quite a nice sum for the society.Mr. Jos. Shryock, accompaniedby Mrs. Shryock and her sister, Mrs.Darnaby, were visitors in Paris, Saturday. Mr. Shryock, who has beenchief clerk in the Lexington office ofthe Louisville & Nashville for fifteenyears, is taking his first vacation inthat time, having been given a sixty-days'leave of absence. Mrs. Darnaby will be remembered here as atrained nurse, who had charge of asmallpox patient on the Massie Memorial Hospital grounds some monthsaaro. Mr. Shryock and party wereand to provide for removal of buildings wnen erected contrary to provisions of ordinance and remove unsafe structures and walls, was onvote rejected and tabled.The Mayor was instructed to employ a sanitary engineer to surveyand estimate cost for building sewerage on east side of city, runningfrom Stoner avenue to Twentiethstreet.Chief Link was ordered to take upand put in City Pond or kill all dogsnot bearing licenses tags after noticeof same had been published fivedays after May 11th. (Notice in another column.)A petition signed by 45 citizenswas presented asking that a street bebuilt from Lilleston avenue to Houston avenue, between Second 'and Seventh streets. Referred to Improvement Committee.Mr. Merringer made a motion thatBoard of Council and City Attorneyconfer with Attorney Dickson, whorepresents L. & N. and Paris WaterCo., to endeavor to agree on someplan to conserve water supply ofcity. Motion carried.Motion also carried requiring allvehicles to carry license tags in conspicious place or pay fine. 'Chief ofPolice instructed to inforce law.Soft drink license granted RayJohnson, colored, and restaurantlicense granted Josie Fuller, colored.T. "W. Spicer granted permit forbuilding $3,500 residence on Secondstreet.Wm. Clarke granted permit forerection 6f $4,000 residence onPleasant street.On motion' Council adjourned.TEACHERS' EXAMINATIONAn examination for white teachers for the Bourbon county schoolswill be held to-morrow morning at8; 30 o'clock in the County Courtroojiri in the court house. The examination will be conducted by MissSusie Clay and Prof. B. M. Roberts.Clerk Wanted.Young man to clerk at soda fountain. Apply at Sweet Shop. (It)Q. R. S.PlayerRollsA Little Bit of Sunshine.China, We Owe a Lot toYou.Bring Back the Kaiser toMe.Liberty Bell.I'm All Bound Round.I'm Going to Follow theBoys.Undertaker Blues.I'm Always Chasing Rainbows.guestshere.of friends during their stayKodaksVictrolasand SuppliesDaughertyBros.Fifth and MainWar-Time Economy Jlale!Notwithstanding the constantly increased cost ofmerchandise, we are sbll able to offer the followingvery interesting values:Ready-to-Wear SpecialsWe have assembled the season's choicestSuits, Coats and Dresses for this sale. TheI styles and shades are right up to the minute.ibj itcumr .uu anu $u.uu values,gs Economy Sale-price $ 1 T75i Regular $30.00 and $35.00 Values,UtEconomy Sale price $24.75ucgumi yv.jj anu $ou.uu values,Economy Sale price $39.50Economy Sale SpecialOne lot of Embroideries, regular12 l-2c quality, per yard . . . . 9cEconomy Sale Specials inCorsetsm One special lot of "American Lady"I Corsets, regular $3.00 and $3.5015?5fl38I1iestagi1irT "XZeWi5lvalues at $229Regular $2.00 and $2.50 values at. .$ 1 ,79Regular $1.25 and $1.50 values at.... 98cEconomy Sale SpecialBed Spreads, regular $2.50 values,each $1.69Economy Sale SpecialCurtain Net, regular 35c and 40cquality, per yard22 1 -2cTrimmed Hats at Special PriceHE Every idea and style represented in this-grouping, including the wanted colors andLblacks.$3.00 Values, Economy Sale price.. $2;394$4.00 Values, Economy Sale price.. $3.29$5.00 Values, Economy Sale price.. $3.98$6.00 Values, Economy Sale price.. $4.98$7.50 Values, Economy Sale price.. $5.9&$10.00 Values, Economy Sale price. .$7.98irtEconomy Sale SpecialsHosiery.Ladies' Silk Hose, regular 50c values, -colors, black and white, pair 39cLadies' Silk Hose,regular 75c values, pair 69cLadies' Silk Lisle Hose,regular 50c values, pair 39cEconomy Sale Special.One lot of Laces, regular 5c quality,your choice, per yard 2 1a-2cEconomy Sale SpecialSilk Petticoats, regular $2.50 values,at $1.98Economy Sale Special.Bridal Long Cloth, regular $2.50quality, 10 yds to bolt, a bolt. .-$1 .98E . Ol 0 1 One Lot Lace Curtainsonomy oale Special values UP to $4.so9 atHalf PriceThis Sale is Now Going On!HARRYThis Sale is For Cash Only!SIMONMAIN STREET224-228 W. MAIN ST"PARIS, KY.LEXINGTON, KY.Imvwwwwwwi w1 K4 " m'i ' B'- m4 ' ? " - 1$:I T . i- - ' " ; I1 -r3 I - ' fel :K r1 rations we have ever shown. 1 hese . mHi'- IIHiE are showing the most extensiveand beautiful line of Wall Decorations we have ever shown. TheseWall Papers were purchased before thebig advances. We cani surely saveyou money, in addition to giving youthe very latest and newest patterns,and would be pleased to have you calland inspect our offerings.INSURANCE!FIRE TORNADO AUTOMOBILE HAILWatch for the expiration off your policiesand let us have some of your renewalsYERKES & PEEDAt Farmers & Traders-BankI g trie very laresi ana newest pancrus, gvi and would be pleased to have you call M1 - E:;..1 THE J. T. HINTON CO. I? v ELI 1 W-.1 . -- : tc ';W. l . f fir& ' HI "SI V BT&-fi)AImi-"J.- -r- .ZAQX&Xi A jJ- J, i jrfJ.iii - ivI I WSTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KT.''' ---'tA - 'ffiwpSuf f erittg Torture of the Damned,Clergyman Still Preaches to His FoldMississippi Minister, Though Undfergbing Horrible Inward'.x Misery, Greets His Unsuspecting Congregation WithSmiles and Words of CheerrpwT" , 11 i ,' J B W t.-4i,i,,nim,itnTUESDAY, MAT 14, lilt."Through, long days of anguishAnd nights devoid of easeStill heard 'in his soul the musicOf wonderful melodies!"Longfellow.These are the heroes real heroes!the people who, racked with hodily pain, and suffered untold miseryand agony 751111 greet one with asmile, and uncomplainingly completetheir daily tasks.Such was the life history of theRev. E. E. Sullivan, of Savage, Mass.,who, though he suffered the soul-and-hodytorture of ever-present pain,still mounted the pulpit and preached,happiness and content to his unsuspecting congregation.So uncomplaining, his humanflock never suspected that he. spentthose "long nights of piisery and daysdevoidof ease" and yet heard within his soul that "music of heautifulmelodies."Have you one such in your familyperhaps crippled up with the unsatible agony of rheumatism, thenerve-destroying misery of continued "backache, or the soul-defying torture of chronic indigestion? whostill manages to greet you with wordsof happiness and cheer?If so, the words of Dr. Sullivanshould interest you in the cause ofhumanity alone; and you should seekto create for that beloved one such"surcease of sorrow and misery" asthe last stanza of this famous poemportrays:"Then the night shall be filled withmusic, andThe cares which infest the dayShall fold their tents like the Arabs,And silently steal away.""For years 'I suffered the torturesof the damned," Dr. Sullivan writes."Through the long vigil of sleeplessnights, I prayed my Maker wondering why I should be so cursed. ButHe as last answered my prayer, andto-day I am a well and vigorous man" " "" - -c-w"M- -w Tr , ' f-jl -vagain. May His name be praised!"Many years I suffered Uie excruciating agony of sick headache,heartburh and pains in my back.Horrible misery beset me, leavingcramps, in my sides, arms and legs.But I tried to bear my cross, as Hewould have me."I tried doctor after doctor withno reliet. It 'was the same old storyoft, repeated different doctors withdifferent 'remedies often nauseating,which left me really worse off thanbefore. Then, one day, an old par-"ishioner' friend told me of Acid IronMineral. And I am now so gratefulthat I want all suffering humanity toknow of this wonderful natural iron.All I can say is: God answered myprayer."This is but one of the many thousands of similar letters received during the past thirty years from doctors, clergymen, lawyers, pharmacistsand, laymen 'who have first knownpeace and happiness after taking A-I-M.And the best of it is that thepatient takes no risk, financial orphysical, in taking this marvelous organic iron, for it does not discolorthe teeth, as do other irons; and itaids, instead of detracts, in alt formsof indigestion.Statistics show that it benefitsover ninety-four per cent, of thosewho use it. proprietors can wellafford to unqualifiedly guarantee itto all, and accept the losses of theminute few it fails to relieve of allsuffering. Therefore, all druggistshave been instructed to refund itspurchase price if, after taking thefirst bottle the patient does not feelvigorous, hearty, and hale or somuch better that he insists on continuing its use.A-I-M is the only natural, non-corrosive,assimilable iron known tomedical science. Therefore, reject allspurious imitations, which profitseeking druggists try to thrust uponyou, and demand the original AcidIron Mineral. For sale by Brooks &Snapp, Druggists. (adv)DRAFT AGE- HAY -BE, RAISED TOroET"? yeXrs.WASHINGTON, May 13. Legislation raising the draft age to 40years was discussed as a possibility!within a few months at a meetingK M . J An A TT "T MM S 11. Ill 1.1 niin.1 ITril"fi A.3 41a TXiica UTil4AYrIerai urowaer buuw xx0 mmwu,.Committee. Although GeneralCrowder made no specific recommendations, members of the committee said afterward that the WarDepartment was considering a planfor changes.An appropriation uj. 9iu,i,uuuwas- asked by General Crowder forexpenses ot tne arait xur wie uexifiscal year. Registration of menreaching the age of 21. will requirethe examination, he said, of a half amillion more men than orgmally provided for. , , , ,Class 1, he said, now nas-a totalnf about 2.265.000 , men of whom2,000,000 are effectives.Chairman Dent, of the committee,announced that he would ask theHouse to eliminate from the' draftlegislation pending an amendmentgiving states credit for volunteers. Ina letter to Mr. Dent,-President Wilson came out in opposition to thecredit plan and asked that themeasure not be passed as approved bythe War Department.The conference report on the billfor registration of youths becoming21 will be called up in the House withprospects of a lively debate over theproposal to exempt ministers from thelaw.SALARIES INCREASED.WAR STAMPS TOKENS OPHONOR.Large streams from little streamlets grow, and high thoughts put inaction move the world. One hundred millions of .people giving of theirsurplus of wealth to advance thecause of liberty is not sufficientto "give until it hurts" is the sloganof the hour. How much can you dowithout? No one knows until hetries. If you want something very"badly and have not sufficient meansto get what you want you may mortgage your future earnings for thething you want.Men are not only giving all theyCAHAL BROS.BARBER SHOPPrompt and Courteous Attention toPatrons.HOT AND COLD BATHS.liave they are giving their lives forthe cause of liberty. "All that a manhath he will give for his life." Thefounders of the nation pledge "theirlives, their fortunes, and their sacredhonor" in its cause.The war stamp is like the widow'smite. If one stamp is all you canafford, you have done as much forhonor as the man who has givenmillions. But buy it NOW. Thenyou may find it in your power to buyanother. They are tokens of honorthat rival the decorations of anypower or potentate they representthe most righteous cause for whichmankind has battled.m m mABOUT RHEUMATISM.Rheumatism causes more pain andsuffering than any other disease, forthe reason that it is the most common of all ills, and it is certainlygratfying to sufferers to know thatthere is a remedy that will afford relief, and make rest and sleep possible. It is called Chamberlain's Liniment. (adv-may)'ForLend HimAHancENOCH MORGAN'Ssons caBuvForSAPOLIOPATRIOTISM ECONOMY"Actions speak louder lharrwords-Act- Donf Talk -Buy Now1- iiiWantedMale Help(Age 16 Years or Over)Machine NailersHand NailersWood WorkingMachine Menand Laborers forBox FactorySteady work. Good -wage. Excellent factory con, ditiont. Half holiday. Saturdays with pay.Apply at mm, Superintendent -MENGEL BOX COMPANY1h and Orhy LOUISVILLE. KY.Nr"if1":mmrnmiflil ilu I 1 ti'M ,' " v"St. '3"E. MeuXM fl;Ie iffi FT V iPBmff IliJEiljJUJDj US r3"WASHINGTON, May 13. AllWASHINGTON, May 10. Allrailroad employees whose monthlypay in December, 1915, was less than$250 a month have been recommended for wage increases by the Railroad Wage Commission, making thelargest wage increase in the historyof the world.The recommendations, if adoptedby Director General McAdoo, wouldgive the workers 100,000,000 inback pay to January 1, and wouldadd $288,013,718 to the pay roll asof 1917, a net increase of 15.021 percent.Wage advances prorosd, ho v ever,do not represent net increases overexisting pay, but are based on themonth of December, 1915. In otherwords, any increases which may havebeen allowed by individual roads sincethat time must be deducted. Insome cases deductions will almost, ifnot altogether, cover the increasessuggested, according to the report.The roads themselves during 1916and 1917 increased wages an amountequivalent to $350,000)000 if appliedto the present number of their employees.DO YOU ENJOY LIFE?A man in good physical conditionis almost certain to enjoy life, whilethe bilious and dyspeptic are despondent, do no,t enjoy their meals andfeel piiserable a good share of thetime. This ill feeling is -nearly always unnecessary. A few doses Jo'fChamberlain's Tablets to tone up thestomach, improve the digestion andregulate the bowels is all that isneeded. Try it.(adv-may)STATE FAIR STAKES TO TOTAL$78,000.The stakes offered at the StateFair this year will total $78,000.Commissioner of Agriculture Cohensays this is the largest amount thathas been offered in prizes since theorganization of the State Fair, theincrease being $28,000.There will be a $15,000 stake to bedivided between the fat cattle winners of all breeds and a separate $10,000 stake to be offered by the fat cattle raisers in Kentucky.The $10,000 stake for five gaitedsaddle horses will be renewed and divided as last year. A $1,000 stakefor mules, the largest ever offered byany State Fair for this breed of animals, will be offered by the State Fairthis year.The one-judge system instead ofthree judges will be adopted. IrvineRailey, of Versailles, will judge thefive-gaited saddle horses in the classshows and the grand championshipwill be judged by Claude Pemberton, of Elizabethtown.An old-fashioned quoits pitchingcontest (pitching horse shoes) willMARGOLEN'SALL FRUITSVEGETABLESFISHAND MEATSare kept inside our store inseparate refrigerators everything screened and freefrom dust and flies.Buy where edibles arekept in a sanitary manner. Our service isprompt. f 1BIGRUGSPECIALA CAR LOAD Of RUGSBOUGHTAT THE RIGHT PRIGEThese rugs must be turned into money quick, though, forus to get out on them, hence the bargain prices we offer.Size Rugs in Floral and ConventionalDesigns.Also a beautiful line of Progress Sanitary All-metal Refrigerators in white, green and oak finished steel. All white enameled in-;side. Prices ranging to suit every buyer.Also a Beautiful Line of Iron Beds Just ReceivedSomething to Suit Every Household.E. M. Wheeler Furniture CompanyROBNEEL BUILDING, COR. EIGHTH AND MAIN STREETScontinue through, the week of the . fr. iifair.A Red Cross exhibit will be one ofthe features not heretofore seen.Commissioner Cohen said that inthe culinary department all exhibitswill have to comply with the FoodAdministrator's regulation.?si Ea 1biAfter a man has .been married to a ;woman long enough to know her hequits pretending that he understands iher.(rJ3EC?OPOncDropdowa :Bourbon Poultry Remedya chicle's win Jploe fTTOpGA few drops in the -amntlng- water cures :ARKand ere vents white W. lJUdiarrhoea, cholera and other chickdiseases. One 50-cent bottle makes12 gallons of medicine. At druggists or by mail postpaid. Valuable poultry book free on request.limiOl IE1EIT (I,. LuUitM, Ij.You Don't Have toStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRangeNow is the Timeto Figure on YourSpring PaintingANDPaperingLet Us Make an Estimate for You Before Placing Your Order, CallUs Over Nome Phone 39B.KANE BROS.I ir 1Ml ' m.The Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 StreetSatisfaction is OorWatchwordWith all the latest improvements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we are preparedto da work inferior tonone, and solicit yourpatronage.Bourbon Laundry,V1MflRGQLEN'SSanitary Heat MarketA beautiful line of Garlands on dieplay. Come In and look them over.Paris Gas & Electric Co.iParis" Kentucky.TN.OTE BOURBON NEWS, PAEIS, Y.. - v - -tiPresident Issues Red Cross Proclamation Forjlp?May 20-27th.I!'fIIf You are Thinking About aH"iTUESDAY, MAY 14, im.13krNV "I&'If Swift & CompanyMade No ProfitThe cattle raiser would receive onlyls cent a pound more for bis cattleSo small is Swift & Company'sprofit on any single transactionthat if it were turned over to thecattle raisers of the country, theywould receive o,nly V& cent apound more for cattle than theyreceive now.Swift & Company pays for live cattleAbout 90 of the amount received fordressed meat and by-products. Theremaining 10 pays for packing-houseexpense, freight to market, operationof distributing houses and profit. Swift& Company's actual figures per headfor 1917 on over two million cattlewere as follows:Receipts PaymentWASHINGTON, May 13. President Wilson, Tuesday, issued aproclamation designating the week beginning May 20 as "Red CrossWeek," and calling upon the American people to contribute generously tothe second $100,000,000 war fund of the American Red Cross for the.alleviation of suffering among the American troops in France and theirdependents at home and among the fighting forces and civilian populationof the allied countries.The proclamation follows:"Inasmuch as the war fund of 1917, so generously contributed bythe American people to the American Red Cross for the administrationof m relief at home ami abroad, has been practically exhausted by appropriations for the welfare of the men in our military and naval forces, andfor those dependent upon them, and for the yet more urgent necessities ofour Allies, military and civilian, who have long borne the brunt of war:"Ann lTinemiinVi aa Vi A nnwar T?orJ C-nnnr l.nn l 1 3 tlaw and international convention as the public instrumentality for warrelief:"And, inasmuch as the year of our own participation in the war hasbrought unprecedented demands upon the patriotism and liberality of ourpeople, and made evident the necessity of concentrating the work of reliefin one main organization which can respond effectively and universallyto the needs of humanity under stress of war:"And, inasmuch as the duration of the war and the closer and closerco-operation of the American Red Cross with our own army and navywith the Governments of our Allies, and with foreign4 relief organizations'have resulted in the discovery of new opportunity of helpfulness underv,uuuinuno wmi,ii ixaiioiate uppurtuxiity mtu auty:"And, inasmuch as the American Red Cross war council and its commissioners in Europe have faithfully and economically administered thepeople's trust:"Now, therefore, by virtue of my authority as President of the UnitedStates and President of the American Red Cross, I, Woodrow Wilson dohereby proclaim the week beginning May 20, 1918, as 'Red Cross Week 'during which the people of the United States will be called upon again toGTlve erenerouslv t.n tViP r nn tin nn firm nf the iTYirrTaw nTi.U r-P ,.i:i j-y 7 " rr WW......,,,.. - ".ijui tauv wuj.iv ui xeiieving distress, restoring the waste of war, and assisting in maintaining the moraleof our own troops and the troops and peoples of our Allies by this manifestation of effort and sacrifice on the part of those who, though notprivileged to bear arms, are of one spirit, purpose, and determination withour warriors.,"In-Tw?tn,es2 whereof, I have hereunto set my hand and caused the sealof the United States to be affixed."Done in the District of Columbia, this 4th day of May, in the yearof Our Lord One Thousand Nine Hundred and Eighteen, and of the Independence of the United States of America, the One Hundred and Fortvsecond. J"By the President:"WOODROW WILSON,"ROBERT LANSING,"Secretary of State."i fl Ml.n I lrfH1 $8.61, ' sDt.1 From 1 MS fcI By-productsI $24.09I 26I rI From live A-Meat CettleM $68.07 $&443 ,U o 7495 91 !-:HI k1 f " fc1Jot TpUl I$9106 $95.06 IThis net profit of $1.29 per headarerages V$ cent a pound lire weightAnd out of this small net profit dividends must be paid to shareholders.Year Book of interesting andinstructive facts sent on requestAddress Swift & Company,Union Stock Yards, Chicago, IllinoisSwift & Company, U.S.A.W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES -DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, KV".CASH FOR CREAM!Our patrons are more than pleased with the serviceand results by bringing their cream to our buying stationand seeing it weighed and tested; also receiving the highest market price. However small the amount of creamyou have you can see it tested for yourself.Cincinnati Creamery Co., Inc.Culbertson's Cash Grocery 106 E. 10th St., Paris, Ky.A MAN AND HIS WIFEmay both derive saiisfaction6y having their wonfahd soiled'garments cleaned by us. Thecoat is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings us.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberlaad Phone 40Home Phone 1692ALL MANNER OP PISHING DURING MAY PROHIBITED.Although an emergency clause exists to the new fish law passed atthe last session of the Legislature,authorizing the use of seines andhoop nets m all border streams andlock and dam inland streams in Kentucky, Fish and Game CommissionerJ. Quincy Ward has sent word to allCounty Clerks in the State, andGame Wardens to notify applicantsfor licenses that Section 2 of the newlaw forbids the catching of fish inany manner during the month ofMay in each year. It is explainedby the Commissioner that May is themonth of spawning and that to disturb the fish during that period willdestroy millions of eggs and cause agreat shortage of flsh in years tocome. Many fishermen have beenusing seines and nets on the OhioRiver during the past month, but removed them from the river the firstof May, while others not acquaintedwth the provisions of the new lawcontinued to fish up until the receiptot notices from the local fish, andgame wardens. It is also unlawfulto catch any large or small-mouth,black bass in seines or nets at anyseason of the year, and anyone failing to return all such fish to thewater without injury will be prosecuted to the full extent of the law,the fish and game wardens have beeninstructed by Commissioner Wardto inform all fishermen.The new fishing law of Kentuckyprohibits the use of seines in allstreams in Kentucky during themonth of May, but does not prohibitthe use of hook and line. According to the law fishing paraphernalia,other than seines, may be used inany streams in this State any monthin the year.Fishermen over the State reportthat black bass are biting particularly well in running streams thismonth, and the warm weather of thepast few days has sent the local IsaacWaltons to the spots they all knowbest. Some good sized black basshave been landed.HOW'S THIS?We offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of Catarrh thatremdy for Catarrh. Hall's CatarrhMedicine.Hall's Catarrh Medicine has beentaken by satarrh sufferers for thepast thirty-five years, and has become known as the most reliableremedy for Catarrh. Hall's CatarrhMedicine acts through the Blood onthe Mucous surfaces, expelling thePoison from the Blood and healingthe diseased portions.After you have taken Hall's Catarrh Medicine for a short time youwill see a great improvement in yourgeneral health. Start taking Hall'sCatarrh Medicine at once and getrid of catarrh. Send for testimonials, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by all Druggists, 75c.HELP THE RED CRASS.The Red Cross campaign in thiscounty will be in full swing on Monday, May 20. The county will becalled on to raise the sum of ?20,000. Every citizen in the city or thecounty, shonld.f eel, just.as much interest inHhe'successof the campaignis any other citizen."It is your war as it is mine" is afact that you should realize. It mayyet be your boy to whom the dollarsyou now give will bring relief. Truly, it should not be necessary tourge people to contribute to such acause. But as it seems that urgingis often necessary let each man appoint himself a committee to seeevery other man 'and explain to himthe necessity of aiding in this worthiest of all causes.m mFOR A SPRAINED ANKLE.PROM COAST TO COASTA Remarkable Chain of Home Testimony And Paris Adds Its Voiceto the Grand Chorus ofLocal Praise.From north to south, from east towest;In every city, every community;In every State in the UnionRings out the grateful praise forDoan's Kidney Pills.50,000 jepresentative people inevery walk of lifePublicly testify to quick relief andlasting results.And it's all for the benefit of fellow sufferers.In this grand chorus of local praiseParis is well represented.Well-known Paris peopleTell of personal experience's.Who can ask for better proof ofmerit?Wm. W. Dudley, 1729 Cypress St..Paris, says: "Some years ago I foundlit necessary to use a kidney remedyana as i naa reaa aDOUt JJoan s Kidney Pills, I used them. They provedto be satisfactory and permanentlyrid me of the complaint. I havegood reason to recommend Doan'sKidney Pills and advise their use toanyone troubled with a weak or lamehack or irregular passages of thekidney secretions."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Dudley had. Foster-Milburn Co.,Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)s ?a 13THE LIBERTY LOAN AND THENEWSPAPERS.The relation of the newspapers ofthe country to the Liberty Loan andother governmental efforts is expressed in the telegram of SecretaryMcAdoo to the editors assembled inNew York last week in attendance.on the meeting of the AmericanNewspaper Publishers' Association."Will you be good enough to express to the menbers of the American Newspaper Publishers' Association, now in session, my sincere andwarm appreciation of the great service they have rendered to theircountry by their consistent, unselfishand patient support of the successiveLiberty Loans, which have beenoffered by the Treasury Department."These loans could not have succeeded without the support of thenewspapers, and it gives me greatpleasure to make this acknowledgment. An enlightened public opinionis the chief asset of a democracy. Bykeeping the people of America informed on public events and transmitting word of the financial andother needs of the Government, theAmerican" newspapers have performed a public and incalculable serviceto the nation. I know that the service will be continued and that thenewspapers will do their full sharein assisting America to win this warfor democracy and justice."As soon as possible after the in-'jury is received get a bottle ofChamberlain's Liniment and followthe plain printed directions -whichJ accompany the bottle.CAUSE OF HEADACHE.By knowing the causef-radiseasemay often lie avoided. - This'isarticularly true of headache. Themost common cause of headache istadisordered stomach or constipation,which may; be corrected by taking afew doses of Chamberlain's Tablets.Try it. Many others have obtainedpermanent relief by taking theseTablets. They are easy to take andmild and gentle in effect.'(adv-may)Pipeless Furnaceand want it properly installedlet us figure with you.Satisfaction guaranteed, We areagents for the Laurel Furnace.None better.MWe are also exclusive agents for theVIKING CREAM SEPARATORSCall and let us show them to you.nLOWRY&MAY1i::Mi tiil::IPRODUCTION OF DRESSINGS BYRED CROSS CURTAILEDColumbia GrafonolasawJaiaH''i.. Columbia Grafonola No. A, $18.00XSColumbia Grafonola No, B, $30.00iaColumbia Grafonola No. C, $45.00ARDERY DRUG COMPANY410 MAIN STREETPARIS, KENTUCKYPainting Time Is Here!Don't Let Your Property Decay For theWant of Paint.It is a waste of good money to buy cheap paintWe sell the Sherwin-Williams Paint have sold ithere for forty years. We can fill all your wantsto be found in a high class paint establishment. 'We do your painting right.Wall Paperand Paper Hanging.c.A. DAUGHERTYFifth and Main StreetsLet Us Serve You IThis company is a public servant in a greater capacity thanother utilities, such as railroad, the gas or electric light andpower companies, because it serves you day and night oftwitimes in matters of extreme importance. The doctor, the policaor the fire department are immediately summoned by our rapidservice. We give you prompt connection with the trades-peopltor your triends. iHAVE YOtyA PHONE?The cost is reasonable and is something few people caafford to do without. We are a home institution and are Tital-ly interested in the town's welfare.canSfiapm 5E&8 ieT5togi!her.We can help you.x To a iParis Home Telephone S Telegraph Go.J. J. VEATGH,District Xanager.(Iioorporated)W.H.CABH0K,iMtl Xamager.vBecause of difficulty in securinggauze for surgical dressings, 352chapters of the Red Cross in Ohio,Indiana and Kentucky have been ordered to curtail their production of ed materials.dressings jtor the next six weeks, ac- have promised our orders equal according to Frank E. Abbott, drectorof development, at the Lake Divisionheadquarters in Cleveland, Ohio."As a result of enthusiastic work,"said Mr. Abbott, "the rate of production of surgical dressings is outstripping our ability to secure need-Gauze manufacturers1 '!tention with similar orders front theGovernment, and the output! mt 'gauze will be increased, but formattime we piust face a delay I ubUgreater quantities can be obtaiMiV'One of the best and surest wagwto avoid temptation is to miaa yokrown business. -f-MHftifc4ni9n ,v V'fjLll"3" ? ,T t7" "J44s&4il, wi"'Vlut 'JLL?1?.afttJ&tifSShfe &&&: JzrwztJF " K2iev"ws an &st mw,wp t.iLIm. tkt A.-. . -ib .. .,-te.. ... - ..kl tV-f-.'',- v&-r',, -7r-rwr-3-.f-tK,"f"'S' iqiefprrvr ,m,i,j-...-' .llv '-t .. 5 V t ' . " u. . 'I .J, --jnpjigr XV -, Tl "? w ta--',-'V-'Kjfc:T fk;f&. v- ..'"? L,eif61,rif iIi-a,' ?BBSxr.A?;..".1,'.Uit-. i1,"S3v.-1:u. TA Vs.-vJ.y. .-. ."t (f' I ' '"- (fllKieMy:w&-Jt&Ph'fuf.. igf--"' . - s'VJK?' Vh !l.,MiSB- is V.J ,JE-H-3:V3fcv -.4.J-,&V''u ',it,,&?,t ,v --"TS.-if--.. ' f" &9?r;:rx'.'?.r -'-ri 'ILsyf - SSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSs IMbU;;Xyy;; LLLLLLVHsVH ' IBP" ' fW-: ,; Hr4-Keep These Handsof Mercy, at WoADID you ever lay in No Man's Land wih a shattered thighand a throat that burned withv thirst? If you had you'dgive to Red Cross "till it hurts.' 'jDid you ever see a little French child of the war sitting bythe roadside, sobbing quietly because she is too' weak to cry veryloud? If you had you would have -sold your watch to buy herfood and clothes. "But you are not there. You are here where these sightsand sounds are not brought home to you. But your Red Cross isthere-and you can help it. $100,000,000 must be raised in one week."Keep these hands of mercy at work!" The money you giveto Red Cross now will give you-the right to say "There arehappy children, joyous mothers and strong men alive today becausemy money went across." Millions of loyal Americans will pledgea part of their earnings during June, July, August and September.What Will You Do To Help?Red Cross 2nd War Fund May 20-27Every cent given to Red Cfoss War Fund goes forWar Relief.The American Red Cross is the largest and mostefficient organization for the relief of suffering thatthe world, has ever seen. ,, ,It is today bringing relief to suffering humanity,both military and civil, in every rar-torn Allied,country.It is made up almost entirely of volunteer workers, lO.OOO.OOp unselfish Americans;It is there to help our soldier boys in time ofneed.By helping the starving women and children inthe ruined districts of France and Italy-it performsa distinctly military service. A soldier who knowsthat Red Cross is helping his family fights withrenewed spiritThus does Red Cross help to win the war.Congress authorizes it.President Wilson heads it.The War Department audits its accounts.Your Army, your Navy, and" your Allies enthusiastically endorse it.Twenty-two million Americans have Joined ttr ,-4f'.j.i'.lrt-"'-c'J To Help Win The War 'This Space is Patriotically Donated byTHE J. t. HIINTON CO.V.j-71-,';, ;'-"' .."16 &-"it -i.'ft-x.- Ilr.:&-l.J .. X. - li-.'tt.4'uL .J'a; '-. & '..'VKn,iw---j ; J '- -4y'A, . -:n'T'ig:.-.'- -y;, -vi-V&Lftlvsrh4'i:P'. 4T-' fcitV.rhftm;.51.r rI :rIJ-tt:''1ft r.-..-t.;v.'h:YvT'-T.f..if'f-. -, - A-rex: r1,::&V