.pXAtNEWS4fPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUMEXXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1918- - -.if. , - k tBOURBONTHEfK.THE TOBACCO MARKETSHigh prices ruled at'' the salesheld an the Paris market Wednesday. The Bourhon Tobacco Warehouse Co. sold a total of 290,340pounds fbr $91,229.22, an averageof $31.42. The highest price of thesale was realized when Jones, Webber & Fluty sold a crop of 5,790pounds for an average of $45.51On account of the sales beingblocked at the Independent House.510 report was available, owing tothe late hour it closed. Anothergood sale made at the Bourbon!House sale Wednesday was whenHash & Case, of near North Middletown, sold a crop of 7,435 poundsfor an average of $40.16. The cropwas raised on about nine acres.Sone of the best crop averages follow: Jones & Frazier, 2,835; average$39.01.Woodford & Frakes, 2,785 pounds;average $38.54.Weil & Breeze, 5,890 pounds; average $38.20.Jacoby & Stout, 1,395 pounds; average $39.96.Isgrigg & Jones, 3,075 pounds; average $40.69.Rowland & Stuart, 2,775 pounds;average $32.14.Shipp & Henry, 2,860 pounds; average $37.04.Clay & Eldridge, 5,860 pounds;average $30.99.Woodford & Christopher, 9,500pounds; average $33.72.Burke, Brent & Mink, 11,500-pounds; average $32.18.Coy Bros. 7,185 pounds; average$41.74.H. J. Clay, 5,825; average $32.36.Ardery & Offutt, 2,544 pounds:average $34.28.Hopkins & Prather, 5,570 pounds;average $33.81.Rash & Case, 7,435 pounds; average $40.16.Current & McChord, 3,295 pounds;average $35.58.Grimes & Wagner, 3,315 poundsaverage $35.55.Sims & Witte, 3,580 pounds; average $34.57. (Kuster & Son, 3,340 pounds; average $39.35.Gore & Workman, 4,715 pounds;average $30.17.Clay & Tobin, 6,285 pounds; average $31.61.Shannon & Clay, 6,260 poundsaverage $37.52.Talbott & Rash, 3,587 pounds; average $35.77.Jones, Webber & Fluty, 6,790pounds;, average $45.61.Sims &. Witte, 1,485 pounds; average $37.57.Woodford & Hall, 2,620- pounds;av.erage $32.94.Buckner & January, 3,810 pounds;average $36.58.Hall & Mclntyre, 4,985 pounds;average $39.18.Soper & Wasson, 9,230 pounds;average $40.49.J. C. Arnold & Son, 5,510 pounds;average S33.44.The Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCompany sold in the Paris Houseyesterday 137,610 pounds of tobaccofor an average of $30.44.The sale was not completed, yetthe feature of the day's sale wasthe crop of Sam Ardery of 2,190pounds, which brought the highestaverage of the season, $50.03. Thcrop of Tilford Hinkle & Son camesecond with 2,630 pounds, averaging $47.55. Some crop averagesfollow:Rose Smith & Bros., 6,890 pounds;average $33.52.Wagner & Klump, 3,660 pounds;average $30.87.J. W. Connell, 1,725 pounds; average $35.23.Howard & Fowkes, 2,825 pounds;average $30.84.Marston & Lanter, 2,730 pounds;average $32.05.J. W. Oonnell & Shanks, 2,345pounds; average $31.81.Ardery & Fookes, "'2,835 pounds,average $39.00.Clay & Johnson, 11,340 pounds;average $39.55.Thompson & Bramel, 3,400 pounds;average $36.52.Dalzell & Knox, 2,980 pounds; average 34.70.Burns & Hinkle, 1,885 pounds; average $33.91.Keller & Roberts, 3,845 pounds;average $41.35. v.The Cynthiana Democrat says-."Victor Ross bought a crop of 10,000 pounds of tobacco from SolRedmon, of Paris, at $35 per hundred pounds, and sold it at the Independent House last week$38.35 per hundred."forZENTUCB3ANS SOJOURNINGMIAMI, FLORIDA.ATThe Winchester Daily Democratof Wednesday, publishes the following, which is of much interest locally: "A card from Joe R. Martin,who is sojourning at Miami, Forida,stated that the thermometer registers 85 degrees there, and the weather is delightful. Among the othersin Miami, are Mrs. Scott Renick andMrs. G. D. McCullum, of Winchester;Mr. and Mrs. Duncan Bell andher mother, Mrs. W. H. Renick, ofParis ; Mr. and Mrs. Morris Renick,,,'of Middletown, O., and Mr. and Mrs.Curtis P. Smith, fjf Dallas, Texas.'.'PARIS CAN GET STATE AID FORMAIN STREET.That the city of Paris can benefitMain street its entire length in thecity by securing State aid on theproportionate cost basis, was thestatement made to the City Councilat its recent meeting bysCouncilmanJ. J. Veatch.Mr. Veatch based his remarks on aconversation he had recently withMayor Pulliam, of Harrodsburg, inwhich the latter stated that Harrodsburg had appealed for and had secured a portion of the State aidfund, which was, supplemented byan equal amount appropriated bythe city, giving the city assuranceof securing a good street. He statedthat Paris could share in the benefits of this fundnf the proper meanswere taken to secure it by makingan appropriation from the city fundsequal in amount to that to be secured from the State fund. Mainstreet in Paris being a part of aState or county road was entitledto' the State road aid benefit, andthough the question of ownershipbetween city and county has alwaysbeen a mooted point, the city hadbeen compelled to take care of it.With this fund Main street could beresurfaced from one end of the citylimits to the other, and put in th3best possible condition, especially inJ the vicinity of the tobacco warehouses, where heavy hauling keepsthe street surface constantly rutted.This is a matter of vital importance to the city, and it is to behoped some definite action will arisefrom the most excellent suggestion ofa-n excellent Councilman.THRIFT STAMP CAMPAIGN TOBEGIN TO-MORROW.The campaign in the interest ofthe Thrift Stamps and War SavingStamps in this county will be givena vigorous boost at the court houseto-morrow, (Saturday) afternoon, attwo o'clock, when Ho-n. E. M. Dickson, of Paris, will deliver an address. , No collection will be taken at thismeeting, which will be held purelyfor the purpose of furnishing thepeople with timely and useful information in regard to the campaign,which is to be waged all over thUnited States. Bourbon county's allotment has been placed at $340,000, and to raise this amount willrequire some lively work and .somelively purchasing on the part of thepeople of the city and county.Mr. Dickson is an able and eloquent speaker, and his explanation,of the Thrift Stamp campaign willgain in the telling. Every one whocan possibly attend should be at thecourt house and hear this speech.DEADLINE FOR TAX RETURNSSET AT APRIL 1.Extension of the time for filmincome and excess profits returnsfrom March 1 to April 1 was announced by Internal Revenue Commissioner Roper. This ruling applies also to reports on payments ofmore than $800 during the year tobe made by employers and businessenterprises,- and covers both aboveand below $3,000, and corporationincomes.Delay in the preparation of blankform and regulations was the principal cause for the postponement.Forms have not yet been issuedfor excess profits returns of threeclasses individuals, partnership andcorporation; for income -returns bytrustees or fiduciaries; and for partnership income returns. These arenow promised for this week. Allother forms for individual incomesof the classes have been distributed,including those of above and below$3,000, corporation incomes, and reports pn payments of more than $S00or the so called "information-at-the-source."The extension of time to April 1,doing business on a fiscal year basis, applies to returns by corporations. Originally they were requiredto report within sixty days after theend of their fiscal year; this was extended to February 1, and later toMarch 1st.-x m m mK. OF P. ANNIVERSARY.Members of the local Knights' ofPythias lodge, Rathbone No. 12, andtheir friends and guests from out of!town, had an enjoyable time Wednesday night at the court house, theoccasion being the celebration of thefiftv-fonrth anniversary of thefounding of the order.A program of music and addresses.as published in a previous issue ofTHE NEWS was rendered in thepresence of a large audience. Afeature of sDecial interest was thededication of the Pythian Soldier-iHonor Roll, on which the following!were enrolled.First Lieut. Milton J. Stern, 2ndLieutenant P. A. Thompson, 2ndLieuteant Finnel W. Galloway, Pri-vate Davis Patrick and Private G.B. Wilson. v , .'...A DRY STATE BROUGHT ANOTHER STEP NEARER.One step nearer a dry Kentuckywas taken in the House, Tuesday,when that body voted 74 to 9 topass Senate Bill No. 61, the antishipping bill, after amending it sothat it will not apply to the bringinginto a dry county on the person or inpersonal baggage of the "bringer" ofliquor for his own personal use.The amendment, which was offeredby Rev. yGeorge C. Waggoner", wasstated by him to be a "safety first"idea, to get the bill, if enacted intolaw-, safely past the severe test of theCourt of Appeals. The bill wasamended further to make it proofagainst possible evasion by bootleggers, and only the Dejrfocratic Senators from wet cities voted against it.Representatives Dycus and Waggoner explained their amendments,Mr. Waggoner saying that the Statecourts had held that laws forbiddingthe bringing in of liquors for personal use were unconstitutional, andit was the desire of promotors of thebill to have it pass the acid test ofthe courts.Represntative Claude M. Thomas,of Bourbon, pointed to rulings' of theCourt of Appeals in similar cases andsaid the bill asit passed the Senatewas "not worth the paper it wasprinted on." Asked by Representative Lasley, of Logan county, if thecourt had rendered any decision ofthe kind since the upholding of theWebb-Cannion act by the SupremeCourt, Mr. Thomas replied that decisions related to interstate shipments, while the bill under consideration affected only intrastate shipments. Mr. Thohtfas read and commented on decisions of the ourt ofAppeals relating to such shipments.I l IFINE WOODFORD COUNTY FARMAT PUBLIC SALE.See the Paris Realty Co. aboutthat fine 382-acre .farm in Woodford county, between 'Lexington andVersailles, to be sold at public auction on Thursday,. February 28. Finetobacco land; lays well; is well improved. (18-3t) PARIS REALTY CO.MUSICAL RECITAL.The pupils of Miss E. JD. GiftneV,restedlast Saturday by' Chief "ofwill give a musical recital at theParis Home School this (Friday)evening, at eight o'clock, to whichthe public is extended a cordial in-vitation to attend. The programto be rendered comprises a numberof excellent instrumental, and vocalselections.f WE KNOW MWjUUUU lAlLUIUHli: Will Outlive Good Ordinary ClothessHHIlffiFSiKlMii;Copyright, 1917iKfctotte, tcm &If you purchase a suit from us, whether you have itmade to your measure or select it from our immense ready-to-wearassortment, you will be satisfied with the price,style and wear.Suits Made to Measure From$25 to $50 ',. vReady-to-Wear Suits From$15 to $35MITCHELL & BLAKEMOREISJStetson Hats ManhattanMERCHANTS HAVE ENJOYABLETIME AT BANQUET.The dining room of the WindsorHotel was the scene Tuesday nightof an enjoyable meeting, when themembers of the Bourbon CountyBusiness Men's Protective Association and a large number of invitedguests assembled to take part in a"smoker" and banquet.About thirty members of the Association and nearly as many invited guests from the city and countyand from points outside the citywere present, and took part in thciproceedings. After greetings and introductions in the office of the hotel,the guests were escorted to the banquet room, where the following menu-was served:Roast turkey, French peas, njashed potatoes, hot rolls, beaten biscuit, tropical fruit salad, hearts ofcelery, ice cream, cakes, coffee,cigars.During the progress of the banquet and following it when the"smokers" were passed around, anumber of interesting addresses pertaining to the affairs 'of the Association and business in Paris andBourbon county in general, weremade by local speakers, and by several of the guests from other places.All were in thorough keeping withthe spirit of the times, advocatingbroader business, views and urgingthe adoption of business principles ofinterest to the mercantile business inall lines.From the haze of cigar smokewhich ensued wheiu. chairs weredrawn back from the banquet tableat the conclusion of the feast it wasquite evident the "smoker" was notthe least enjoyable feature of theI occasion, it also gave opportunity1 for a close-up exchange of views onbusiness matters and a feeling ofcomradeship a-nd mutual interest.AT AUCTION MARCH 1ST.Four .modern cottages and oneIfMain street business house will beIsold at auction on March 1st, at 2n. m. Watch naners and see billTfor full particulars.D. S. HENRY.FINED FOR "BOOTLEGGING.",,-mv Dennis .Allen, colored, who was arPolibe Fred Link on a' charge of."bootlegging" whiskey in Paris, wasgiven a hearing Tuesday in -PoliceCourt before Police Judge ErnestMartin. 'The evidence presentedwas so conclusive and convincingthat Allen was given a fine of $20and fifty days in jail.Just now it is patrioticeconomy to order long-wearingclothes to pay a fairprice and get tailoring thatwill hold its sightliness andkeep you 'satisfied for alonger period.Few men ever retaincheaply tailored clothestill ihey wear out !x The shape goes wrongand the entire hang becomes floppy, then youbecome disgusted with yoursuit and discard it forca another.Shirts Netileton Shoesy.EXEMPTION NB0ARD REPORTSEIGHX FOR CAMP TAYLOR.The 'District Draft Board at Lexington Tuesday, passed on fifty-sixcases from Bourbon County, recentlyappealed from the Bourbon CountyDraft Board's classification. Of thefifty-six appeals, f thirty-one membersof the draft were placed in Class One,and twenty-five members in Class One,in Class Four. The appeals weretaken on agricultural and industrialgrounds .Under th final classification, asreported Tuesday by the DistrictBoard, the following eight youngmen will leave Paris next Tuesday,February 26, to report for trainingfor service in the U. S. Army, atCamp Zachary Taylor, near Louisville :Hiram M. Roseberry.Edgar Williams Dodge.Benjamin H. Hough. -GroverCleveland Case.Ollie Carter.Roy Hord Lovell.Charles Webster Harp.Wills Jacoby.XHerman Barlow, a former L. & N.Railroad employe, who is also a member of the Bourbon County Draft,will accompany the eight young mento .Camp Taylor. Mr. Barlowvoluntarily requested the local DraftBoard to permit him to report forservice at Louisville, and as thelocal Board has the privilege of admitting an extra man to each delegation of soldiers sent, Mr. Barlowwill be permitted to go. Mr. Barlowhas a brother, Harry Barlow, at CampTaylor.The following young men wereclassified as follows:v Class One:Hiram M. Roseberry.Andrew Jack Turney.Fielding Rogers.Matt Bedford. . XG. C. Thompson, Jr. rjOwen Gibson.John Stuart. vJames Monroe Leer.John William Brophy.John D. Wright.Harold H. U. Shropshire.George Toohey.Thomas Toohey.Stoner Xeller"Chas. Frank White.Joe Mitchell Keller.Frank Screetch.Jesse Burroughs.Robert Allen Collins.Abraham Oldson.Frank Mullen.Forrest Masterson.Chas. Green Plunkett.Ben Williams"" H5ward-Xliver:-John Thomas Prather.Raymond R. Prather.Wm. Bealert..Jos. T. Robbins.Wm. Martin Hudnall.Clyde Shanks.Class Four:Roy J. Bafterton. 'Homer A. Garrison.Chas. Bartells.Emery Kimball.Clenny Dunnigan.Jesse Wood McKee.Harry Henry.Raymond Floyd Fryman.Paul Makel.Jacob Margolen.Elbridge L. Snapp.Edward Ford Spears.Ollie Breeze.Elmer C. MfCord.Ross Leach.Claude Wagoner.Ernest Earl Murphy.Robert J. Shea.Alfred M. Pence.Edgar Turnbull.Buford Curtis. vWm. James Howard.Zeke Dykes.Edgar Shanks.Chas. F. Lucas.DST THE SERVICE.Wm. Henry, son of Mr. and MrsClay Henry, of Carlisle, travelingrepresentative of the Lexington DryGoods, Co., has enlisted in the aviation branch of the Signal Corps. Heleft immediately for Columbus, O.,to begin training. Mr. Henry harelatives in Paris and in this county.Mr. Charles Henry Day, of Bourbon county, has enlisted in the -navy.Mr. Day has gone to the GreatLakes training station in Illinois.He will enter the Aviation Corps ofthe navy and begin training atonce.NOTICE TO FARMERS ANDGENERAL PUBLIC.THEWASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 21, ,Representatives o the UnitedStates Department of Agriculture,after -conference at the office of theDirector General of Railroads, wereinformed that the Director Generalhas not promulgated a list of nonessential farm products, which willbe denied transportation facilities,and does not contemplate issuingany such order. - ,.Request was made that the Department of Agriculture disseminate thisinformation as widely as possible tothe farmers of the country.T-Jie Director General believes thatby the plan now being formulated itwill be possible to provide adequatetransportation for farm productsthis year. Farmers should place orders for cars when needed with localagents as has always been the practice. v G. C. WHITE, ,J Specialists in Charge of Transportar- rjn;w. .SUPPLEMENTARY BULLETimrMr. John T. Collins. Federal Foo.Administrator for Bourbon Couatr.-is in receipt of the following bulletins, which have been issued to tkcFood Administrators of all the counties in Kentucky. It has become" apublic necessity and an essential -partof the war work to- give public-vity to these bulletins:NSUPPLEMENT TO RULE NO. 14 REv. GARDING PROHIBITION OFPURCHASE OF, HENSAND PULLETS.Any live hens or pullets in . the" xpossession of hucksters, storekeepersor dealers after February 2,3, 19187may be sold for laying or breedingpurposes only.They must not be killed and mustnot be transferred or shipped in anydirection except back to a farm orpoultry keeper for egg production.SUPPLEMENT TO THE MILLERS'RULES ON WHEAT FLOUR.Rule A. Any miller of wheatflour, so situated that they can do'so, may manufacture flour containing 25 or more of other ceraalerthan wheat. Such flour is to be considered as proportional complian.eswith the "fifty-fifty" cereal' regularegulation in retail sales. This flourmay be considered and branded"Victory Flour."Such millers must comply withthe mixed flour, law, which entails atax of 10c per barrel, and they arepermitted to absorb this tax in milling exp'enses.Such mixed flour should be branded with the percentage and kind of.substitutes contained therein.FRED M. SACKETT,Federal Food Administrator of Kentucky. REAL ESTATE DEALS AND LANDSALES. -Mrs. H. G. Lowe, of the North Middletown vicinity, sold to Robert M.itfilkey, of Paris, fifty-six acresofland, located in the suburbs of NorthMiddletown, for $235 per acre. Mr.Gilkey will use the land in raising acrop of tobacco this season. Possess.ion will be, given the purchase -onMarch 1st. - r. , j -Mr. Th"omas p'. Neet, of Versailles,sold his 200-acre farm near Ver-?sailles, one of the high-class farms ofWoodford county, to Mr. Ben F.Buckley, of near Centerville, forS.price not given out for publication. "Mr. Buckley owns a large farm nearCenterville, and purchased the Neetfarm as an investment.Dr. D. S. Henry, of Paris, recentlyadded to his real estate holdings- bythe purchase of three tracts of farming lands. One located near Flemingsburg; one, tract of twenty acre3,near the city limits of-Paris, and thathird, containing 157 acres, locatedon Cane Ridge. The prices paidwere not made public.The residence of Mr. James W.Connell, in East Paris, which wasadvertised in THE NEWS was soldat public sale Wednesday, for $3,755,Mrs. George Ellis being the purchaser. The sale was cried by Auctioneer George D. Speakes. Mr.Connell will move to the WithersDavis home on Pleasant street herecently purchased.The Paris Realty Co. sold yesterday for Mr. Rollie Kenton hissuburban tract of five acres, locatedon the Peacock pike, near Paris,, to,Mary Keene, colored, for $3,000. -Thepurchaser will get possession im-mediately.-m m mPULL FOR THE SHIRD LIBERTYLOAN.We oversubscribed two LibertyLoans and fooled the Kaiser on themboth, in spite of all he and hisagent did to queer us.Now let's get together and pullfor number three. It means saveyour money deliberately and especially for the purpose save now keepon saving, and when the time comesto subscribe, put your name down,for enough to make you go right on.saving.Our nation needs savers. Ever msaver becomes' a better, strongerman by saving. He helps himselffirst, and helps the community andthe -nation as well.We never knew how to "buy bondstill the Liberty Loan cameNon, andnow we are becoming a nationofbond owners.Every fifty dollars you put IntoLiberty Bonds is money at interest,increasing your income, your financial stability, yur safety and your -honor.Sae now for the third LibertyLoan.COUNTY BOARD OF EDUCATION" TO MEET MARCH 4.The Bourbon County Board of Education will meet in the. office ofCoufity Superintendent J. B. Caywood, at ten o'clock, on-Moad7morning, March- 4. Business of in-j p6rtaee to school internets -willI vip. for consideration. t -0MMPOOD ADMINISTRATION ISfVEfJ'"VV ' ' .-W-- Zr-u4$H$x4H4V8.-THE BOURDON NEWS, PARIS, KY.?1GE TWOFRIDAY, FJBBRTJAJtT 22, 11.IHE BOURBON NEWSWished 188135 Years of Continuous Publication.bHshed Every Tuesday and Friday,r Year... $2.00 Six Months... $1.00Payable in Advance.W1FT CfrlAMP. Editor and. Owner.x 'Any erroneous reflection upon theJ character, standing or reputation ofaay person, firm or corporation whichay appear in the columns of THEBOURBON NEWS will be gladly corrected if brought to attention of theiltor.ADVERTISING RATES; Display Advertisements, $1.00 perInch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach Issue; reading notices In black' - type, 20 cents per line, each issue.i - Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andaimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.EDITORIAL MUSINGS.President Wilson A Leader.Americans can be proud of tli3leadership of President Wilson in-all the phases of the war. The'British labor party has practically. -accepted lim as their mouthpiecefor the statement of war aims and'peace principles, and his every utter--anceis received with respect and accorded great weight by all of our co-belligerents.Some time ago President Wilsonmade a speech setting forth our-aims in fourteen specific points, to-which both Germany and Austriamade a reply. The allied council recently reconvened in France, however, dismissed their replies as unfruit"ful and declared for the prosecution'of the wrar with Vigor. PremierLloyd George before the British! Parv' liament made the same assertion,declaring that while the tone of thetwo chancellors differed, he was notThis paper has enlistedwith the government in thecause of America for theperiod of the war - -certain that there was a differencein substance.President Wilson, however, hassurprised everybody by making an-open reply to Count Czernin, whichincludes un offer to discuss peaceas long 'as the Teutonic leadershave the nevre to carry out their discussion in the sight of the entireworld, and their own people. Our' President has drawn a skillful line,showing that the military party in-power in Germany is the only obstacle to a just and lasting peace" He cleverly accepts Austria's p rotes -'tations"of good will, and points outto the Austrians that their supportof Germany, as an ally, is being usedby the German autocracy to further. - r aims which the world has agreed are"unlawful.Bringing Home The Bacon,r Human nature offers us two veryr" prominent classes. There is one' class that 'brings home the bacon."The other comes home without anybacon, but very optimistic, hopefuland enthusiastic. The baconless--arrivals are always going to land--7that bacon "to-morrow." There isno to-morrow on the calendar of suc--4 cess. Tnere is yesterday, but thenyou can't use it. To-day is the onlyV day that you aresure of. To-day is-'Bacon Day for the Bring-It-Home4CIuh. The only way a man can" ; "bring "home the bacon is to knowknow w"here that bacon is, to knowhow to get it, and to have his trans-portation facilities in working order to bring it home.The road to a certain place is paved with excuses for not bringing,'b.ome the bacon. Andrew Carnegie' rwiil never give away enough libra-" 4 Tiea to hold the volumes of excusesof this sort, if they were printedjzn& bound. The man who totes the-p side meat to his domicile when the-evening shades are falling is the one11 '& wa sare out n e rosy light ofj jT'dawn with the definite, grim deter-'" mination to attach himself to thatstreak of lean-and-streak-of-fat com-modity and return with the same ini hi3 possession. The other man comesSi- home filled with talk and vain imag-- r inings. He started to work with a: ready-made excuse. If you can't"' -bring home all the bacon in sight,bring some of it. Then go back to-- morrow after the rest of t. Bringhome the bacon. Excuses won't"!. ., grease the skillet. Of course, you willv s understand that" this is not advisinganyone to; rob asgroceryoriEa butchershop, but it 'means to use the baconin a figurative sense, and admonishyou to get a hustle on you whiletimes are good.The Pastureladds.If we should now have an earlySpring, after several months of snowand ice, the wheat and grass wouldcome from under their protectivecovering in excellent condition, andnothing is more needed now than anearly Spring, which wfould permitpastureage of livestock that otherwise must be fed longer on a heavyration of costly grain.Oats have been selling around$1.00 a bushel for some time. Cornhas advanced until it is almost ascostly as wheat. In every Statethere are thousands of non-productiveor "fixed" stock on farms,such as wrork stock and driving tuimals, not regularly used, which canbe taken care of more cheaply insummer than in winter. The drivinganimals, where their use is light,can get along upon pasture alone,and in European countries such animals have long been forbiddengrain during the pasture season. Anearly Spring season in Kentuckywould mean an aboundance of primepasture, which has been "cached"under two feet of snow since early inDecember. A mild March would beworth millions in saved grain and inhay, which was never as high asnow.Just Some Good Advice.When you have a job of printingyou want done in the right way,just take it to THE NEWS jobrooms, and ask the artists in chargeto get it out in the right shape foryou, and they will. If you thinkyou know more about the businessthan they do, and select you paperand give them partcular instructionsas to what kind of type to use andall the little other details, you onlyqueer the game, and get no good results. You will get little satisfaction. A printer, no matter if he isan expert, working under instruction from one who knows nothingabout the business, cannot get outa neat job. But he will if you lethim use his own judgment and hisexperience of many years. Do youthink the job man would tell a surgeon how he should perform an operation for appendicitis or for the removal of a tumor? Is there any morereason why you should attempt todictate to the job printer how anorder 'for printing should be done?'Twas Ever Thus!A county school superintendentin a neighboring county (of courseit could not have happened in Bourbon county) asked every teacher atthe county institute who took theirlocal or county paper to hold uptheir hands and only six responded.The superintendent expressed greasurprise, and said: "You don'tspend a dollar a year with thosepapers, yet you expect them to printfree of charge -notices of all institutes, insert long programs, expectthem to advertise you, thus assistingyou to climb the ladder to betterpositions and better salaries, withouta cent in return." The county papergenerally gives far more than it receives, in almost any enterprise, andthe public has grown to expect It asa matter of course.This Is Cigarette Week.This is "Cigarette Week" in thelong series of vital campaigns forthe sake of those who are in thegreat work overseas giving theirlives to save the world.Those who have often condemnedthe cigarette and even now couldhardly approve of its constant use bythe youth of the land, never thoughtthey would come to that to work,play, beg and almost pray for greatquantities of what has been knownsince the days of Sir Walter Raleighas "the filthy weed." But the menin the trenches request "smokes,"their officers, doctors and nursespronounce tobacco soothing to thenerves and not at all injurious totheir fighting qualities, so it musthave been put in the list of vegitation by the great Maker of the Universe for just such a time as this.There are no smokeless days in thetrenches, but the men here shouldhave smokeless days for their saki.Men of Paris and Bourbon countylet us do our part by the boys in thetrenches, and help to secure them agenerous proportion of the soothingtobacco.13 IS TBISTOP PAIN! RTJB OUTNEURALGIA TORTUREInstant Relief! Rub Neuralgia Pain"From Your Pace, Head or BodyWith "St. Jacob's Liniment."You are to be pitied but remember that neuralgia torture and painis the easiest thing in the world tostop. Please don't continue to suffer; it's so needless. Get from yourdruggist the small trial bottle of''St. Jacob's Liniment;" pour a littlein your hand and gently rub the"tender nerve" or sore spot, and instantly yes, immediately airpain,ache and soreness is gone."St. Jacob's Liniment" conquerspain. It is perfectly harmless anddoesn't burn or discolor the skin.Nothing else gives relief so quickly.It never fails to stop neuralgia paininstantly, whether in the ace, heador any part of the body. Don't suffer.' (adv)"J&vXtJ2ml& JIT.TRT7.PTV "MW FRlKRfiBOND4.ia,.v. v m .i F " iAVBUYING AN3 SATOTCkOne of the- most gratifying resultsof the Liberty Loan campaigns todate is the impetus the saving spiritis gaining with the people in general. Most purchasers of LibertyBonds are paying for them out oftheir everyday earnings. Comparatively few have gone into their savings accounts to meet their payments. This is what the government mostdesires. ,Savings banks generally throughout the country the past year showed an increase in savings t depositsdespite the fact that something nearsix billions of dollars worth of Liberty Bonds had been purchased.This same condition was. experienced in England. For instance, in1916, although purchasing billionsof dollars worth of war bonds, thesmall savings bank depositors increased their deposits more " than$60,000,000. NAnd the Englishmanas a rule is notably profligate. 'The English are making their warbonds permanent investments.America will do well to followtheir example.But every man who sells a bonddiscourages this plan. And everymercant who accepts a Liberty Bondin exchange for merchandise, or inpayment of an account, adds to thisdiscouragement many fold.Moreover, they are digging a pitfall in Uncle Sam'& financial path bydepressing 'the market value of thebonds and making it more difficultfor him to dispose of succeedingissues.So if you would help Uncle Samrather than the Kaiser, don't throwyour bond on the market. .Don't accept a bond on account.HOUSING OP PEDERAL EMPLOYEES IN WASHINGTONThe District of Columbia Council of Defense authorizes the statement that persons appointed to positions in the Government service inWashington can secure rooming andboarding accommodations at reasonable prices if they apply at theRoom Registration Office at 1321New York Avenue, N. W., promptlyupon arrival. The office is conductedby the District Council of Defenseunder the auspices of the UnitedStates Government, Federal . fundshaving been made available for thepurpose by the President at the request of the United States CivilSeryice Commission. All rooms arecarefully inspected by Governmentagents before being listed as availiable. xDifficulties which have been metby newcomers, the District Councilof Defense states, have largelybeenthe result of a lack of organizationof the facilities for listing roomsand furnishing information relativethereto. The work is now organizedand is running smoothly. There isalways on hand at the Room Registration Office a list of rooms to letfrom which the newly appointedFederal employees may be accommodated. Those who arrive on latetrains may find accommodations forthe night by applying to the representative of the District Council ofDefense or the agent of the Travelers'" Aid at the District Council ofDefense, both in the main waitingroom of the Union Station, where alltrains arrive.MARCH COSMOPOLITANCosmopolitan is the literary masterpiece of our time! In what otherone magazine will you find assembled the works of fifteen literary masters, all in one issue? Yet that iswhat Cosmopolitan offers its readersfrom month to month. A brief resume of the March number follows:"Bittersweet," by Fannie Hurst, isla stronger argument for voluntaryenlistment than anything that hasappeared in any magazine since thedeclaration of war. "Indian Summer of a, Forsyte," John Galsworthy'squaint and beautiful story, is completed in this issue. "When AliceTold Her Soul" is the first of aseries of eight short stories writtenby Jack London 'just before hisdeath. They will appear in Cosmopolitan. "What Do You Think?" byiAdele S. Burleson, is an unusual taleand one that will set you thinking.George Ade's "The Fable of theUplift" is a sure cure for the worstcase of "blues" and Wallingford'smany admirers will enjoy his latest!adventure, "The Kicking Mule"by George Randolph Chester.Henrv the Tinth finds a ne.v!source of inspection. Samuel Merwin tells about it in "Aladdin onI Simpson Street."Maurice Maeterlinck, one of thegreatest philosophers of to-day con-tributes "The Future of the Earth.a beautiful and prophetic article.A wonderful poem by Ella Wheeler Wilcox entitled "Devils," andHerbert Kaufman's latest . patrioticarticle, "Democracy Fights On."Interesting developments in thethree splendid ' novels, Owen Johnson's "Virtuous Wives," "The Restless Sex," by Robert W. Chambers,and "Camilla," by Elizabeth Robins. Booth Tarkington's "PenrodJashber" is as delightful as ever andLillie Langlry's memories are full ofinteresting incidents.The time has passed in this country when there were some womenwho had nothing more to worry' overthan Fido's influenza and the chauffNO HAPHAZZARD,ODD JOB TASKRed Cross Civilian ReliefWorkers Are Taught toFurnish Aid in Systematic Fashion.EDITOR'S NOTE: This is the fourthof a aeries of Ave articles prepared by 3Ar.Fieser on the subject of Red Cross HomeService. The remaining article In "Organizing: and Training 30,000 Home Service Committeemen."yBy James L. Fieser,Director, Bureau Civilian Relief, LakeDivision, American Red Cross.American Red Cross Home Servideworkers in Ohio, Indiana and Kentucky, already administering to families of some 1,500 enlisted men, carryon their work with a "catechism"which includes what may be termed"eleven commandments." As these"commandments" typify the spirit inwhich this type of Red Cross relief isgiven, I am stating them here, leaving the reader to draw his own conclusions. 1. Don't overwhelm people withQuestions before they have a chanceto say what they want to say.2. Don't suggest to them the answers they should make.3. Don't forget that their hopesand plans are more important thanany single fact that the Home Serviceworker wants in order to make complete a report or record.4. Don't encourage the children totalk about things that concern theirelders about family difficulties andso on.5. Don't let the children come tothe office with messages and requestsexcept when there is a real emergencyand no older person can possiblycome.6. Don't discuss the affairs of afamily, nor tell the facts that cometo your attention in the course ofHome Service work to any outsider.7. Don't give confidential information about the family when making;inquiries.8. Don't mak -inquiries of thepresent neighbors or do anything thatwill expose the family to gossip. Protect the family in question as youwould your own family from anythingthat would help their self-respect.9. Don't venture to make permanent plans on a first visit10. Don't fail to discover whetherthere is immediate and urgent needof relief and to make some temporaryprovision for supplying it beforewaiting to make further Inquiries.11. Don't fail, however, to inquire(before paying the first visit if possible) what other agencies are interested. True, the "do's" taught Home Service workers in Red 'Cross Home Service Institutes, far outnumber the"don'ts," and one or two should bementioned to further exemplify thespirit of the service and the mannerin which it is given.One is: "Be sure that there is adefinite invitation from the family orsome responsible person competent tospeak for them before entering thehome in the name of the AmericanRed Cross." ,Another: "Be sure that the member of the family in question is insome branch of the service."Casual reading of these instructionsmay lead to the impression that HomeService is a simple' bit of work to bedone in the odd moments of the members of a chapter committee. It is nota simple work, nor is it an "odd moment" task.In addition to mastering a knowledge of government regulations onseparation allowances and the WarRsk Insurance Law, a Red CrossHome Service worker must either benaturally endowed with or be able toacquire the qualities of tact, patienceand kindness, and must study theproblems which beset home life.With all its ramifications, Red:ross iome service is me most eotacc-inS tvPe of work now required by thishumanitarian institution within theboundaries of our own country. Itsrequirements for immediate and authentic information of the broadestscope are such that a 116 page hand-book of information for Home Serviceworkers is now being prepared by theDirector General of Civilian Relief forearly distribution.SO MUCH PAINSTAKING CAREHAS BEEN AND IS BEING TAKENIN THE ORGANIZATION OF THISWORK THAT ENLISTED MENFROM OHIO, INDIANA AND KENTUCKY SHOULD KNOW THATTHIS ARM OF THE AMERICANRED CROSS IS STRONG ENOUGHTO MAKE THEIR FAMILIESCARES EASIER AND TO EXTENDA KIND, YET UNPATRONIZING,HELPING HAND. SUCH FAMILIESSHPULD WITHOUT HESITANCYCOMMUNICATE WITH THEIR REDCROSS HOME SERVICE COMMITTEE WHEN TROUBLED IN ANYParis PeopleSHoi& Not Wait UntilIt Is Too late.The appalling death-rate from kidney disease is-due largely to the factthat the little kidney troubles areusually neglected until they becomeserious. The slight symptoms oftengive place to chronic disorders andthe sufferer may slip gredually into.some serious form of kidney complaint. If you suffer from backache, headaches, dizzy spells; if the kidney secretions are irregular of passage andunnatural, do not delay. Help thekidneys at once.Doan's Kidney Pills are speciallyfor kidney disorders they act whereothers fail. Over one hundred thousand people have recommended themHere's a Paris case:Mrs. Chas. McCord, South Pleasant street, says: "I have usedDoan's Kidney Pills at differenttimes, getting them from Oberdorfer's drug store and I have foundthem a splendid medicine. Whenever my kidneys have acted irregularly or my back has been weakand lame, I have found a box or soof Doan's Kidney Pills has been suf-ficent to cure me of the attack."Price 60 c, at al dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. McCord had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)Depends on the Company.As to whether one should walk alone,or in company, authorities differ. Forinstance, Robert Louis Stevenson saidthat the only way to enjoy a walk isto take it alone. On the other hand,Mark Twain declared that the chiefenjoyment of a walk lies, not in thewalk itself, but in the talking that accompanies it.Even when a woman is delightedwith the front view of her baby'bpicture she regrets that it doesn'tshow the lovely ripple of the littledarling's back hair.Fresh Cow For Sale.I have a good Jersey Cow forsaie, now iresn; ana anotner onewill be fresh soon.(15-4!t-F) A. S. THOMPSON.Farm For Sale-AT-AUCTIONON SATURDAY, PEBEUAEY 23,1918, AT 1:30 P. M.at the Court House door, we willsell at Public Auction, 129 acres ofland, with a ten-acre tobacco barn,stable, corn crib and large silo, under new woven wire fence, well watered and lays well. No residenceon this land, but a beautiful building site. Located on Steele Pike.4 miles from Paris. , One hundredacres in old bluegrass soil readyfor the plow, and some standingtimber; a rare chance indeed forsomeone. Don't forget tne day anddate, February 23, 1918, in front ofthe Court House door, at 1:30 p.m. Rain or shine, this farm is going to sell.(This place is known as the Roseberry Rogers farm.) .For further information, seiPARIS REALTY CO.M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer.(15-3?)You Don't Have toStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRange1 mgk iW 4& jniA beautiful line of Garlands on dlaplay. . Coma In and look them over.Paris Gas & Electric Co.' - . (Incorporated)i : 'FOR KENT.Desirable house, on 'Main street;has five rooms andhatfc. va kigarden. ' w" "5-tf J. T. HINTON.,Save Your Eyes.How can a youngster keep up inschool when every attempt at studycausesHeadaches and Nervousness?Backward children have frequentlygone, up with the "Heads of theClass" when properly fitted withglasses.Give your children a chance.Bring them in for an examinationright away.DR. W. R. FRANKLINCumb, Phone 7.520 Main St.Trees! Shrubs! Plants!Now is the time to plant yourOrchard, Lawn, and Garden.Our large descriptive catalogue ofreliable Frait and Shade Trees,Small Fruits, Shrubs, Evergreens,Grapes, Asparagus, Seed Potatoes,Strawberry Plants, Etc., are freeupon inquiry.No Agents! Write To-day!H. F. HrLLENMEYER & SONS,Lexington, Ky.(15-6t)Public SaleKitchen Furniture!I will sell at public auction, at myhome, 530 Vine Street, onTtiESDAY, PEBRUAEY 19, 1918,at 2 p. m., the following:Mission davenport; rockers andMorris chair to match hat rack;princess dresser; chiffonier; sideboard; tables; chairs; lace curtains;portierres; carpets; rags; nice lot ofpictures; new coal oil heater; refrigerator; good lawn mower; step ladder; new 50 foot hose; Miller coalranges; kitchen utensils and otherthings too numerous to mention.TERMS Cash.JOHN GOREY.Geo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer.Public SaleOFStock, Crop and FarmImplements.Beginning at 10 o'clock onFriday, Feburary 22. 1918.at the Mrs. Sallie Hedges place,near Taibott's Station, on Peacockpike, about 4 miles from Paris, Ivcill offer at public sale the following: 1 sorrel mare, broke to work,lady broke;1 black mare, coming 8, gooddriver and worker, in foalj2 bay Percheron mares, cominff4, both in foal and; good workers:2 sorrel fillies, coming 2, halterbroke;1 bay horse colt, coming yearling; 1 red cow, fresh in March;8 stands of bees;2 yearling bull calves;8 red shoats;1 three-year-old Jersey cow;2 red sows;1 bay yearling colt;1 Mitchell wagon good as new,hay frame and bed, holds 16 barrels; 1 section harrow; '1 mowing machine;1 new Bull rake;1 dump rake; ?1 new iron roller; ,2 riding Hicks cultivators;;2 Valcan plows, No. 14;1 hay box;2 double-shovel plows;1 four-horse dray;2 five-shovel plows;1 Jonesville check rower;1 Bemis tobacco setter good as inew;1 marker;3 new heavy log chains 12 feetlong;2 pairs check lines;1 feed sled;1 Oliver Chilled land plow;4 pairs work harness;1 set buggy harness;3 pairs stretchers;Lot of double-trees, single-treesand lap links;1 iron digger;1 tarpaulin, 18-ft. wide and 30-ftlong, good as new.About 3-wagon loads of secondhand lumber;1 7-ft. cross-cut saw;1 big tool house on wagon, 24-ft.long, 9-ft. 9-in wide;1 machine, "Shot;"Lot of hog meat and can of lard;1 big heating stove.F. G. SMALT,,Paris, Ky., R. F. D. C.M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer. . ..MCtd) . .,rLJBrfi . X c -W-..V -&Z u...'J"X.T .,r-i- :T-wiriijmmeur's conservatism.A-i 4rR .tXFRIDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1918.THE BOTRBOH HXWSl PAWS, K1i t tps t j."'- "T,y7VrI INSPECTION 1Reep your shoes neat "SHOE POLISHESLIQUIDS AND PASTES. FOR BLACK, WHITE, TAN, DARK IBROWN OR OX-BLOOD SHOES. PRESERVE THE LEATHER. ITie F.F.DALLET CORPORATIONS. LUOTED. BUFFALO, N.Y. ITHE COLORED AMERICANCITIZENS.Americans of every section, ofevery class, and of every race haveanswered the call of their country."Twelve million colored peoplehave rallied to the defense of theircountry in this crisis, and will dotheir full share, in helping to winthis world war for democracy." Dr.Robert R. Morton, principal of Tuskegee Institute, successor to BookerT. Washington in that office, saidrecently in an address &t the Twenty-seventhTuskegee Conference.The colored American citizenswill do their part in producing foodstuffs on the farm, in conservingfood in the home, and in fighting inthe trenches in Europe, said Dr.Morton, and in addition the coloredministry and the colored teacherswill preach and teach thrift amongtheir race.It has been impossible to obtainfigures on the amount of LibertyLoan bonds purchaser by coloredAmericans in the first and secondloans, but it is known that according to their means and ability thecolored race were very loyal and active and most liberal subscribers tothe loans.INDIGESTION.Take a few doses of Chamberlain's Tablets as directed for indigestion, and you will soon forgetabout your stomach troubles. TryFAIR PRICES REALIZED AT LEXINGTON HORSE SALES.it.(adv-feb)At the opening sales in the Trotting horse department' of the Kentucky Sales Co., held Tuesday inTattersall's, at Lexington, sixty-twohead of trotters sold 'for $ 6,5 6 5, anaverage of $106 per head. The attendance was not large, and the bidding at times dull. The highest priceof the day was 500 paid by John B.Utterback .presumably acting forWm. Connors, of Pittsburg, Pa., forSam Clay, by San Francisco, in thoconsignment of TJ. G-. Saunders, ofSgringdale Farm. The second highestprice was paid by Henry Horinefor the yearling bay colt, Ed. Robinson by Worthy McKinney, bringing $410. Mr. Charles Bean, of Paris,figured in the bidding, purchasingthe following:Rose Frisco, ch f 1, San FranciscoAkista by Walnut Hill; ?135.00.Lucile Frisco, bf 1, San FranciscoEmpress Eudoxia by Peter theGreat; $185.00.Volo Chimes, bs 1-, Peter VoloMiss Ruth Chimes by LibertyChimes; $110.00.Peter Johnson, be 1, Baron PeterMary Cochato by Coachato; $100.Baron P, be 1, Baron PeterMaria Orissa.by Baron Wilkes; $70.Nannie Baldwin, blk f 1, BaronPeter Maud Baldwin by The Invincible; $50.00.Siliko Boy, bs 1, Siliko Wynetaby Wilkes Boy; $145.00.Dan Spencer, bg, Kris Kringle;$120.00.Liberty Work, bf 1, Mr. WorkMiss Belle Chimes by LibertyChimes; $200.00., .fMILLERSBURG l - 'A MAN AND HIS WIFE? may both derive satisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.j A phone brings us.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 Home Phone 1692$6.50-' i 'LouisvilleCourier-JournalDaily BylMail(Not Sunday)andMr. M. E. Pruitt was at Irvine,on business Monday and Tuesday.Mrs. O. E. Hurst is visiting hersister, Mrs. Hamilton, at Munci, Ind.Tie banks and postoffice areclosed here to-day in honor of Washington's Birthday.Messrs. D. P. Jones and J. T.Judy attended the grocers banquet atParis, Tuesday evening.Mrs. J. C. Leer, Jr., underwentan operation at the Good SamaritanHospital, Monday. She is doing verynicely.The Junior reception of M. M. I.will be held in the main building ofthe College from eight to eleven thisevening.Mrs. Emma Long has returnedafter a protracted visit to her sister, Mrs. S. H. Crieghton, at Indianapolis, Ind.Mrs. F. B. Ingels and Mr. LeeClark were guests of Mr. Abel Reeseand family at Mayslick, Wednesdayand Thursday.Mrs. W. B. Shaw, of Paris, arrived Saturday, as the guest of Mrs.C. M. Best, and will remain until after the reception.Mr. R. S. Letton has accepted aposition as salesman for the Millersburg Coal and Lumber Co., recentlyvacated by Mr. W. E. Collier.The many friends of PostmasterJ. B. Cray will learn with pleasurethat his re-appointment to the officefor four years longer has been confirmed by the U. S. Senate.Mrs. Thomas Gilmore, Sr., ofthis place, who recently underwentan operation at;St. Joseph Hospital,in Lexington, is considerably improved and is resting comfortably.Rev. R. C. Goldsmith, of theBaptist church of Paris, conductedservices at the Baptist church herelast Sunday night. His many friend?were glad to welcome him back tohis old charge.Mr. D. L. Leggett has sold hisproperty recently purchased from theheirs of the late Miss Bettie F. Vimont and formerly occupied by her,to Mr. Ashby Leer; terms private.Mr. Leer will remodel the propertyand make a modern home.Lieutenant and Mrs. J. W. Miller, of Camp Zachary Taylor, Louisville, were guests of his mother.Mrs. Elizabeth H. Miller, from Tuesday until to-day. Lieut. Miller haspassed an examination for the aviation department and will enter anaviation school in the near future.Mr. A. S. Best received a telegram Wednesday announcing thedeath of his uncle, Mr. Ben D. Best,-1of Covington. Mr. Best died in Florida, where he had been spending thewinter. No particulars of his death.He will be interred in GeorgetownCemetery. Mr. Best is well knownhere and it a brother of Mrs. J. A.Miller, and the late I. R. BestvMr. Lee Clark was given theMaster Mason Degree in AmityLodge No. 40, F. and A. M.V Tuesdayevening. The work was put on byWorshipful Master Hiram Ewing, ofCarlisle. Mr. Edward Hill was takeninto the lodge on a demit from Shannon lodge. Notwithstanding the inclement weather the attendance wasgood. A number of representativesof Daugherty Lodge, of Carlisle, werepresent, also a few from Paris. Thework was well put on and was madevery impressive by Mr. Ewing. Anintermission was taken during theevening, during which time the lodgeretired to the dining room of theTemple, where oysters, raw, stewedand fried, hot rolls, coffee, pickles,celery, cheese, crackers and cigarswere served. At the close of the banquet the lodge returned to the Temple, where the work was continued.At the close of the work severalshort and interesting addresses weredelivered by Rev. J. W. Crates, ofCarlisle, W. B. Shaw, of Paris, andCol. C. M. Best and O. E. Hurst, ofMillersburg. A service flag Will beplaced in the Hall and all membersof Amity Lodge doing service in thewar will have a star in the flag. J.W. Miller, of Camp Zachary Taylor,of Louisville, was present, and delivered a short address.1531 Ta 1S3THE MARCH WOMAN'S HOMECOMPANION.sooai: AwTpraioarComings and Gtiitfii of OurPeople HereTThere andElsewhere. jMiss Mary Frances Campbell isat home from a visit to Lexingtonfriends. , 'Miss Flo Winga'te,, of Frankfort,visiting her sister, Mrs.- Robert Cain,in this city.Mrs. Roscoe Sudduth remainsquite ill at her home on SouthMain street.Mrs. Chippeau Lawrence, ofLexington, is a guest of Mrs. LeerStout, on Seventh street.Miss Mary Woods is home froma visit to her sister, Mrs. CharlesHendrix, in Cecilllan, Ky.MrsNannie Clay Howard hasas guest at her home near Paris, MissLillian .Hutton, of Cincinnati..Mr. J. Bennett Tarr is able tobe at his place of business after atwo-weeks' illness of pleurisy.Mr. Thomas B. Conway, formerlyof this city, has arrived from Chicagofor a visit to relatives in Paris andMillersburg.Mrs. Candace Smith has concluded a pleasant visit with friends andrelatives in Cincinnati and returnedto her home in this city.Miss Ruth Feld has returned toher studies at Sayre College, Lexington, after a visit to her parents,Mr. and Mrs. David Feld, in thiscity.Mr. and Mrs. Carroll A. Tellerand babe have arrived from Chicago for a visit to Mrs. Teller's parents, Mr. and Mrs. Isaac L. Price,and family.Mayor and Mrs. E. B. January,who recently sold their home on Higgins avenue, have taken board androoms with Mrs. Jos. M. Rion, onSecond street.Miss Charlotte Henry, daughterof Dr. and Mrs. D. S. Henry, whohas beon attending Georgetown Col-lege, is ill with mumps at the homeof her r-i-cnts on Cypress street.Mrs. Vaughn P. Drake, formerlyMiss ILui-garet Willis, of Paris, wasa guest of honor at an afternoon teagiven in Winchester, Tuesday, byMiss Louise Kohlass. Among thiguests were Mrs. Drake's motherMrs. Samuel Willis, Mrs.- J. W.Young and Miss Frances Clay, allof Paris'. Miss Martha .McGinnisentertained in Winchester, Wednesday afternoon in honor of Mrs.Drake.(Other Personals on Page 5)' "WANTED !Every Automobile OwnerIn Bourbon CountyTo Have the Advantage of OurtTIRES:UB!Bring your old tires to us andhave your work done by an expertwho has had years of experiencebuilding tires. Come and see foryourself.r -mWe Do Re- Treading andVulcanizing of All KindsC. S. BALL OARAGECor. Fourth and Pleasant St.UT"5555555?1W ""- iS::5-The Bourbon NewsYour Home Paper and the best known DailyNewspaper in this Section..An Excellent Combination !Subscriptions under this combined rate maybe sent to the office of the BOURBON NEWSor to the ARDERY DRUG CO., the CourierJournal Agent.The March Woman's Home Companion is crowded with articles andstores of delightful variety, interest,and value. Bessie Beatty, a wellknown newspaper woman from thePacific coast, has written for it theintimate story of Russia's womensoldiers. The inspring career of AnnaCase, the Metropolitan Opera star,and Mrs. Anna Steese Richardson'1'discussion of the office positions novropen to women, are well worth, reading. This is the first spring fashionnumber and contains, besides ColesPhillips' drawing: of a Jenny designon the "cover, several pages of thecharmingly smart new styles andfabrics.On the patriotic side are articleson making war gardens, conservingfuel, saving gasoline, and keepingbees, as well as the regular helpful"Soldiers All" page. Other gooddepartments have not squeezed outthe fiction, for there are bright andentertaining short stories, the finishing installment of "The HopeChest," and the beginning of a newtwo-part serial'Sleeping Dogs," byMary Hastings Bradley. . .,OUR FEBRUARY and MARCH SALEWill Fix Yon Right in the Simmons Iron and Brass Beds !Improve the Bed RoomBRASS BEDSA beautiful Simmons Satin Brass bed, inthe many style for the bedroom. A beauti$30.00 Brass Bed now$23.75A beautiful Brass Bed in satin finish,guaranteed, $25.00, now$20.00A beautiful Sagless Spring, veneer finished, $8.50, now$6.50MATTRESS-A beautiful Boiled EdgeFelt Mattress,- any color you like$11.50 up to $25.00IRON BEDSThe many styles of Iron Beds Vernie"Martin, Old Ivory and Solid White thatwill give life to the home. During our February and March Sale$3.95 to $25.00Sanitary Folding BedsDuring our February and March Sale ata big saving to you.Look For the 'Big YellowTag that SavesYou MoneyA. F. Wheeler Furniture Co.CHAS. GREEN, Manager ( ' Opposite Court HmihTRY; TRADING AT WHEELER'S YOU'LL LIKE if!n..-..r -,. v', srt . tI ,JTHE BOURBON NEWS,; PARIS, KY.try rtriii. i' i i .FRIDAY,-FIBltUAJtY 22, 1111.1tItPublic Sale-OP-Stock, Crop, Etc.I will offer at public sale on theMrs.. Gurley Taylor place, known asthe Wright farm, on the Hume &Bedford pike, 4 miles from Paris, on!Friday, March 1, 1918,beginning at 10 a. m., the following:4 cows, -extra1 good;3 calves;1 grood Jersey heifer;2 good work horses;3 brood sows (Duroc) will pigabout 1st of ZVfarch;20 or 25 barrels corn in crib;20.' shocks fodder; '5 or 6 tans of baled timothy hayextra good.33 ;ewes dueMarch;to Jamb middle of II1 Newton Giant Incubator andBrooder, never been used.1 Da Laval Separator;Milk cans; -Chjckencoop;1 lot nice chickens;2 or 3 stoves;Some household and kitchen furniture. TERMS All sums of ?25 and under, cash; all over that 3 monthstime, with good notiable notebearing 6 interest.WM. REDMON,Geo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer.(td)PUBLIC SALE.'-OF-Bourbon Farm!Having decided to sell my farm, Iwill sell the same at public auctionon-the premises, at the intersectionof the Clintonville and Ironworkspikes, 7 miles from Paris, on' MONDAY, MAECH 4, 1918 ,at the hour of 10: 30 a. m.. This farm consists of 118 and afraction acres, and is very desirablylocated in a good neighborhood, nearto church, school and railroad station. About 50 acres in grass, balance under cultivation, of whic1!about 26 acres are in wheat.Thisground will maise excellent tobacco.u nl '"kvu "'W I.U.H-V. V,IC1 1U.Hing ponds; also a wellHas comfortable .7 room 2-storyframe residence; with 2 balls presses,"porches, etc.; 1 stock barn, garage;smoke house, and all necessary outbuildings; orchard; garden; is wellfenced.Possession can be given aboutMarch 3. II also offer for sale privatelya choice lot of household and kitchen' Wanted to rent 25 acres of goodfurniture. grass land for grazing, or will rentTERM One-third cash, balance small farm for tobacco and corn,in two equal payments of one and Will pay cash rent. Not particulartwo years, with lien retained on land about iocation, just so land is withinto secure payments of notes. iot ., f p . Addrpc;c, .MRS.NANNIE CLAY HOWARD, ,eitm miles ot Faris' Address7 R. F. D. 1, Paris, Ky. THE BOURBON NEWS,-Home Phone 10 (Clint.) Ex.) (22-2t) , Paris, Ky.PUBLICOPThirty First-Class Jersey CowsAt Murphy's Stock Yards, Paris, Ky.Thursday, February 28, 1918All of this lot are strictly first-class, fifteen of them wit hcalves by their side, and the balance will probably be fresh by th eday of sale. If you are in the market for a first-class cow don 'tfail to attend this sale.Sale starts promptly at 2 P. M., rain or shine.M. J. MURPHY.?Here You Are SURE ToGet the Best'We not only carry the most complete line of sick-roomnecessities and toilet articles, but we carry the best. .Every purchase you make in this store is not onlybacked by the guarantee of its maker, but also carrieswith it this store's guarantee .Your Satisfaction is AssuredOr Your Money is Cheerfully Refunded. Carrying the best known and widely advertised linesbacked by this double guarantee, why take a chance elsewhere? Why trust to luck that you will be satisfied?Here you KNOW you will. The next time you need anything, either in the line of sick room necessities or toiletarticles of any sort, try us.You will find it decidedly worth yourwhile to go a little out of yourway to make your purchases here.BROOKS & SN APP DRUG GO.415 MAIN ST. , PHONE 46.HOTICE TO TAMERS.'The teachers of the rural sphoolsand the County, Superintendent, have-an tneir nanas statistical uiau&a regarding farm crops and the rurallabor situation, which the FederalGovernment 'has asked them to havethe farmers of Bourbon county fillin. So far very few of thffje blankshave been handed in.If you are a farmer, please see toit that you fill out your blank form,immediately. This is the only waythe Government will have to find outthe labor needs of Borbo-n county,and if you are in need of labor, nowis the time to let it be known. Cadup the teacher in your district nowand give this information over the'phone. sL. S. ROBBINS,Emergency Demonstration Agent.Every now and then some oldgeezer of a politician in the UnitedStates Senate breaks out with a caseof approval of his own conscience."Turkeys For SaleA few pure White Holland TomeCall Home Phone 3. (It)Position Wanted. -Position as manager or overseer offarm. Experienced. Best of reference. Apply at this office. (tf)LOST.Gentleman's diamond ring, in goldclaw setting. Finder liberally rewarded. Home phone 21 J E. Tenn.100. (22-3t)LOST.On Seventh street, or on Houstonavenue, a ladies' silk dress. Finderrewarded if dress is returned atonce toSIM B. LEVY,At L. Wollstein's (Twin Bros.)(22-tf)For Rent.The place recently nurchased bvVirginia. TUintpr twn miloc frnmParis,:on the Ruddles Mills pike, Isfn rArl4- af T AAA oncl, -TV.. mVm.' mation, call. J. B. JCAYWOOD,At Court House.Grass Land WantedSALEANOTHER PAWS- BOY - SOME-- A letter to his parents?,. Mr. andMrs. John Cain, in Paris, from theirlton,son, James Cain, indicated his safearrival in Prance every recently,with, members of the American Expeditionary Force, after an uneventful overseas trip in a closely-guardedtroop ship.Owing to the strict regulationsprohibiting soldiers giving their location in the foreign service, Mr.Cain's letter was just from "Somewhere in France." He stated thathe had a very pleasant voyage, andJiad landed safely.He was enjoy-ltering himself he further stated, andwas greatly pleased with the country, which greatly resembled theBluegrass section in many respects.He wrote that he had become wellused to army life, and had no regrets whatever ,for being in UncleSam's service.The letter was accompanied by apost card photograph of himself, attired in a "khaki U. S. field serviceuniform, and looking every inch asoldier. His erect bearing and general military air shows what a courseof military training can do in upbuilding and "making a man." Thefriend of "Jimniy" Cain, and he hasmany, are glad to know he has madea good record, and being chosen amember of the American Expeditionary Force is in itself a mark ofmerit. He is a member of BatteryA, 326th Field Artillery, and weventure the assertion that when"Jimmy" Cain gets on the firing linein an action against the Bodies therewill not be wanting abundant evidence of his ability as a soldier anda manly man.The letter stated that they maintained a strict lookout day and nightfor the possible appearance of a submarine, but- made the passage safely,without seeing or hearing any of the"sea-hornets'." Every man on theship was in the best of health, hestated, and all eager and anxious toget into real action after manymonths spent in their trainingcamps.155' PfiPROVIDES FOR CARE OF DOG INHER WILL.The will of Mrs. Quincey Burgess,who died some weeks ago at herhome near Hutchison, contained someremarkable features when it wasread for probating before CountyjJudge Batter ton, Wednesday.By the provisions of the will Mrs.Burgess' entire estate, consisting ofsixty-five ajres of land, near Hutchison, and a house and lot in Lexington, valued at ?4,000, is devised tosister, Mrs. Minnie Willett, ofHutchison. At her death it is to revert to the Hopewell Presbyterianchurch at Hutchison, and is to lknown as the Quincey Burgess Memorial Fund, the income to go to th?support of the church.But the remarkable feature of thewill, which had been expressed intwo other documents of a similar nature, made during her Illness, wasthat she left the sum of $1,000 intrust, the interest 'from which is togo to the care of a pet house dog,which was her faithful companionfor many years. The dog must haveevery attention, three meals a flay,bath and bed, and when he dies is tobe enclosed in a nice casket, and thebody buried in the Burgess lot inthe Lexington Cemetery, "and thegrave properly cared for.Mrs. Burgess' sister, Mrs. Lee, residingin Maysville, and three nephews and -nieces, were excluded fromsharing in the estate, and it is probable that contest proceedings will beinstituted in their behalf by attorneys. -.PUBLIC SALE OF TOWN PROPERTY. Having invested in farm land, 1will convert a portion of my cityproperty into cash to meet my obligations. I will sell on Friday, March 1st,at 2 p. m., my two-story brick business house on Main street, oppositeFordham Hotel, and four modernframe cottages on Sixteenth streetThey are substantially built and always rented to first-class tenants.D. S. HENRY.m mmB-4 FIREInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,Agtsm m mDEFECTIVE FLUE CAUSES ANALARM OF FIRE.A defective flue in the home onWest Seventh street, occupied byNellie Hall, colored, set fire to theroof yesterday afternoon, causingan alarm from Box 21, at Seventhand WJalker avenue. The departmentresponded and extinguished theblaze. About ten dollars propertydamage. -Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.FIRE DESTROYS SENATOR FORD'STOBACCO BARN.Fire of unknown origin destroyed the tobacco and stock barn ofSenator John Ford, near Georgetown,on the Dixie Highway. A horse valued at about ?200, with two buggies and between 6,00 and 7,000pounds of tobacco, were buraed. Thebarn was valued at about 1,0 Q0.Insurance only jpartially -coversIn esc " '--xr$yZiiW.COMHf G:ATTKACTIOKS AT ALAMOAND PAEIS GRAND., Winsome, dimpled Dorothy Dal-the Paramount star of "ThePrice Mark," "LoveN Letters" andothers, will appear at the Alamo thisafternoon and at the Paris Grand to.night, in her latest photo-play,"Flare-Up Sal," a fascinating romance of the redwoods and the early'days of California during the goldrush. The pictures were made in theredwood forests of California underthe personal supervision , of ThomasH. Ince himself.Earle WJlliams and Miriam Min-will be the screen stars at theAlamo and the Paris Grand to-morrowafternoon and night in a picturlzation of "A Mother's Sin," whicnhad been scheduled for last Saturday,but which could not be" obtaineduntil this date. This is a powerfulpicture, and one that will appeal toall classes.On Monday Elsie Ferguson, thenoted beauty and star who has forsaken the stage for the silent drama,will be seen in her second film vehicle, "The Rise of Jennie Cushing,"adapted from" the book of Mary S.Wktts, and produced by the Artcraftpeople. Miss Ferguson's first picture, "Barbary Sheep," proved a sensation. Critics pronounced her workremarkable.1 ) mSALE OF MOOEE FARM POSTPONEDWILL BE SOLD PRIVATELYThe sale of the old Moore farm,located on the Centerville and Jacks-sonville pike, advertised to take placeTuesday, was postponed on accountof rainy weather.The Paris Realty Company, whohad the land in charge, announcedthat the place, which is a very desirable and productive 91 ahretract, with improvements, would besold privately , between now andMarch. (22-lt)frs "Pa ite -THE WEATHER.Huh! Who said Spring is just'tover the hil? Must be a pretty bigsteep hill, and the going prettyrough on the side farthest away fromthe sun.Ater days of uncertainty, theweather man relented, and pulled-thelight lever, sending just a few daysof comparatively warm weather,Then he became ashamed of grantingso much to poor humanity thencame a downpour of rain, amountingalmost to a cloudburst, accompaniedby lightning and thunder. Afterthis he became peeved in earnestand grabbing the cold lever, pulledthe throttle wide open.The mercury descended rapidly,bringing back memories of the pastmonth or so. Yesterday piorningthermometers registered as low as si:rabove zero in many places.The indications are for cold weather, likely to continue for severaldays.isa to mSEE PARIS REALTY CO.About that 129-acre Farm onSteele Pike, four miles from Paris.Will sell on Saturday, February 23,1918, at the court house door, at: 30 p. m. One hundred acres inold bluegrass sod.(15-3t) PARIS REALTY CO.Public Auction-OF-Stock, Crop and FarmImplements,Monday, February "25, 1918AT 10 A. M.At my place on Lexington pike, 3miles from Paris, at Interurban Stop4 9, consisting of:9 Jersey cows, 3 fresh.3 Jersey caves;4 Jersey heifers;1 pair 4-year-old mare mules;1 two-year-old Percheron hqrse;Roller and scraper;4breaking plows;5 shovels and double shovels;Long bodied buggy;Spring wagon;2 two-horse wagons;New corn planter;McCormick grass seed stripper;1 Deering binder;1 Himman milking machine, 4units; ,1 engine and corn crusher,mounted;Horse clippers, with sheep shearing attachment;1 pair Percheron horses, 3 and 4years old;1 nine-year-old Percheron mare,in , foal;Pure Mammoth Bronze turkeys,hens and toms;Quantity of corn in field and inthe crib; "' ,Mowing machine;Wheat drill;Smoothing harrow;Disc harrows;Sulky rake;Tobacco fertilizer drills;Fence stretchers;1 work bench;1 churn;1 DeLavel Cream Separator;2 sets of wagon harness;2 men's riding saddles;Milk buckets and cans;1 manure spreader;, TERMS To be made known onday of sale. -F. P. WHITE."Geo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer.FRANK&GO.THE RELIABLE .STORESpring 1918NOW SHOWINGNew Spring " MaterialsOF EVERY DESCRIPTIONSilks, Dress GoodsVOILES, POPLINS,GINGHAMS, SHIRTINGS,SKIRTINGS. WAISTINGSWHITE GOODS IN NEW STYLESNOVELTIES OF AL KINDS IN NEWWASH GOODSREADY-TO-WEARSUITS, SKIRTSSILK AND WASH DRESSESCOME IN AND SEEOUR STOCK.FRANK & CO.GROCERIESAt "Hoover" Prices!BLUE RIBBON GARDEN SEEDS3 REGULAR Sc PAPERS FOR10cNONE BETTERColored Beans Down to 12 l-2c Lb.Best Soft Tipped Matchesper box 5cClean Easy Laundry Soapper bar 5c"Pearl" Toilet Soapper bar 5c"White Lilly" ToiletSoap, per bar 5cGrand Pa's WonderSoap, per bar 5c"Santa Claus" WoolenSoap, per bar 5cBest Table Syrupper gallon 90cBest Table Syrupper half -gallon 45cBest Soda1-pound package. 7 cBest Macaroni (oldprice) per box 5c"Sun Maid" Raisinsper package 1 5cShelled Nuts (a fewpounds) per lb 75cLayer Figs, 20c sizeper package 1 OcThese Prices are For CASH and to"CARRY" Customers. Only.The Busy Bee Cash Storei..i -. -Deviled Meats (oldprice) per can.... ..5cLye Hominy, Jiarge can2 cans for 25cBest Rolled Oatsper box 12cCondensed Milk, 10c sizeper can 8cSoups, 15c can at oldprice, per can 1 OcGrape Juice25c beUle at 1 8cBaked Beans, OliveBrand," per can.. 15cSugar Corn,per can 15cTomatoes, best quality,medium size can. . 1 5cTomatoes, best quality,large size can 20cMixed Nuts (about 50pounds) per lb 15cCorn Flakesper package. 1 0cDried Peachesper pound 1 5cIN41-f'"sf. ' o -SFtkFRIDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1918.J.W1 W Jfc. . .VMaM'V A'A fcA MMlUfi JJUUK0UI XTD CmRKSRSiF?SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Vvy a- vi,THE WILMOTT SALE.sVFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSETOBACCO COTTON.All grades andDepartment Store.prices at Feld's(tf)THE BJG CHEESE.See our big 1,000-pound cheese ondisplay in our south window. It's ahumdinger.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.TO-DAY LEGAL HOLIDAY.To-day being George Washington's Birthday, will be a legal holiday, and observed as such by thepostoffice, banks and Public Library,-all of which will be closed. Appropriate exercises in honor of the natal-day of the "Father of His Country"willj)e held in the schools.Washington dinner at crosdale cafe to-night.Spend a pleasant hour or so thisevening at the Crosdale Cafe, wheraa "Washington Birthday Dinner"will be served at. six o'61ock. Thereputation of this Cafe is ampleguarantee of an excellent menu being served.PLEASE RETURN BOOK.The party who borrowed the volume of Kiplings "Seven Seals" willplease return same to the owner.(adv-2t)1IAJN STREET PROPERTY, FOURCOTTAGES AND SEVERALBUILDING LOTS ATAUCTION.If you are in the market for ahome, a business house or a buildinglot wait for the D. S. Henry sale onMarch 1st, at 2 p. m.im. m leaWILL PROBRATED.The last will and testament ofthe late Mr. Jos. B. DeJarnett, whodied some time ago at his home onthe Bethlehem pike, near Paris, wasprobated in the County Court beforeCounty Judge Batterton. By theterms of the document the testatordevises all his property, both personal and real, to his wife, Mrs. Nettie A. DeJarnett, to do with as shepleases. Mrs. DeJarnett was earnedas executrix of the estate, withoutbond, and the court was asked tomake no inventory of the estate.The will was dated April 25, 1908,and is witnessed by James McClureand Wm. P. Ardery.is: 1 laBUY CLOTHING NOWOr pay more next fall. It's goodbusiness policy to buy at presentprices. Extra values at $2J.J. W. DAVIS & CO.lai & 196HERE'S CASE FOR THE LOCALSHERLOCK HOLMES.While waiting for his mail or forhis sweetheart, as the case may fcavcbeen, some Parisian amused himselfin the Paris postoffice yesterdaymorning by decorating a Third Liberty Loa,n Bond blotter with a seriesof pen-and-ink sketches.On one corner the amateur artntdepicted a man in uniform imprisoned in a cage. The upturned mustache and other features plainlystamped the man behind the bars asthe mad butcher of Europe Emperor Bill, of Germany. Accompanyingthe sketch was the inscription:"Kaiser Bill Begging For Mercy.I Know I Have Done No Wrong, SoPlease Let Me Live." Anothersketch depicted one of Uncle Sam'?soldiers, with the inscription,"Homeward Bound To ..Where.""I'll Help To Put Kaiser, Bill in aCage Where Uncle Sam Can HoldHim."in m m-'CUSTOM TAILORED CLOTHESTailroed to your individual measure, from the very highest grade fabrics. Our Spring line is ready.J. W. DAVIS & CO.j -pt ia la"PATRIOTIC CAIft) PARTY."Do you want to" vary the monotony of your afternoons, and spend afew hours in doing something different? JThen attend the "PatrioticCard Party" to be given by theJemima Johnson Chapter Daughtersof American Revolution at the Masonic Temple this (Friday) afternoon, from 2:00 to 5:30 o'clock.The features of the afternoon, besides the refreshments which will beserved, will be "Five Hundred" and"Bridge," which will afford pleasingdiversion. Tables may be reservedby telephoning Mrs. Wm. G. Talbott,Cumberland 'phone 907. Don't waituntil too late.tjia entertainment will be givenfor a worthy and patriotic cause.An admission fee of fifty cents willbe charged, the proceeds to be devoted to the war relief work of theY. W. C. A. organization.Of course, the men are not barred,and their presence is very much desired. The ladies give them an especial and cordial invitation to bepresent-and take a hand (or twohands) iiTthe games.Comings and Gomes of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mr. and Mrs. Harry Simonhave returned from a business tripto New York City.Mr. N. A. Moore, who has beenspending the winter in Umatilla andBustis, Fla., is expected to returnhome to-day. Mrs. Moore will remainfor a longer time.Dr. and Mrs. J. T. Brown havereturned from an extended visit tofriends and relatives in Floridapoints. Dr. Brown is greatly improved in health by his stay in theSunny South.Mr. John T. Payne has returned to his home in Eden, Idaho, after a visit to his sister, Mrs. JesseBlake, and other relatives in Parisand the county. Mr. Payne wasaccompanied by his parents. Mr. andMrs. Frank Payne, who will maketheir home with him.Cynthiana Democrat: Rev. andMrs. J. T. Sharrard have returnedto their home in Paris, after amonth's stay at Silver Lake Mr.and Mrs. King Griffith and familyhave moved from Bourbon county tothe home of their uncle. Mr. H. F.Griffith, at Broadwell, where theywill reside."(Other Personals on Page 3)is "Pa isMANY BOURBON BOYS TO BETRANSFEKJtED SOON.Friends and relatives of the NewNational Army men at the cantonment at Camp Zachary Taylor willbe interested in the announcementthat approximately 2,000 husky sonsof Indiana, Kentucky and SouthernIillinois soon are to be transferredfrom the 84th Division to anotherdivision to bring it to overseasstrength.The mem will be taken from the159th Depot Brigade and will leavethis unit practically empty until thearrival of the next quota of men.Several hundred new officers alsoare to be sent away. When or wherethe men will go is not announced.Preparations for "over there" arebeing made by organizations of the84th division, composed of Kentucky,Indiana and Southern Illinois men intraining at the camp. Shippingboxes to hold the files and recordsare being constructed. These casesare made in different sizes for themany papers and books. They arepainted and bear the name of theorganization to which they belongand indicate the contents of eachbox.It is only another step, they say,in the preparations that have beenunder way since the camp opened.Wjhen the time does come for the division to move, it was indicated, theofficers desire to start in quickorder.te to toMAIN STREET PROPERTY ATAUCTION.Live stock and crops broughtgood prices at the sale on the premises at the Wilmott faqm, nearHutchison, Wednesday, conducted byAuctioneer George D. Speakes, ofParis. There was a large attendance and the bidding was lively.Two-year-old horses brought from?105 to ?145 per head; two-year-oldmules, $110 to $152.50 per head;one five-year-old mule sold for $190,and one four-year-old mule, $150;sheep, $14.75 per head; shoats, $13;brood sows, $50 to $75 per head;cows, $50 to $75 per head; chickens,ninety cents to $1 'each; breedingturkeys, $3.50 to $4.50 each; baledtimothy hay. $30 to $32.50 per ton;baled straw, $10 per ton; corn, $8.35"to $8.55 per barrel.STETSON HATS.A special showing this week ofSpring styles at $5.J. W. DAVIS & CO.HEALTH AND WELFARE LEAGUECELEBRATES ANNIVERSARYThe fifth anniversary of the founding of the Bourbon County Healthand Welfare League, was fittinglyobserved Tuesday afternoon at theY. M. C. A. building. A business session was held at 2:30, presided overby Mrs. Harry B. Clay, first ( vicepresident, and Mrs. Dennis Dundon,secretary. The reports of Mrs. C. O.Hinton, treasurer, and Mrs. HarrietMinaker, Visiting Nurse of the organization, were read and received.At the close of the meeting a socialperiod was .enjoyed and refreshmentswere served.?Investors and home seekers will dowell to wait for my auction sale onMarch 1st one Main street busines?house, four extra well-buiU and desirable cottages on Sixteenth street.,always rented, five large rooms, bathcomplete; cellar and attic.D. S. HENRY.IKl ISPOLICE COURT NEWS.In the Police Court, Wednesday,Carl Blackburn, colored, who wasarrested an a charge of stealing anauto tire from Russell Swango, wasgiven a hearing before Police JudgeErnest Martin, and pleading guiltyto a grand larceny charge" was heldto appear before the grand jury atthe March term of Circuit Court.to to toINVESTMENT PROPERTY ATAUCTION.Two-story business house on Mainstreet, foun cottages an Sixteenthstreet, and two building lots on Cypress. See bills for description anddate.D. S. HENRY.BURGLARS STEAL WHISKEYFROM TRACTION OFFICEThirsty burglars paid a visit tothe office and store room of the Kentucky Traction & Terminal Co.'s station in Paris, Tuesday night, andmade way with four quarts of whiskey, leaving large quatities of valuable freight untouched.The thief or thieves effected an entrance by breaking a window fastening and forcing open a ' windowleading into the ticket office, wherethe wet goods were stored. Thepolice are investigating.KENTUCKY TO BENEFIT BY SAVING OF HENS.BAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly RollCream PuffsDoughnuts, Rolls, PiesGROCERYFruitsFresh VegetablesMEATDEPARTMENTRoatsLamb, Veal, PorkBrainsWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376Vfc;;:!ANational Weekofv SongKentucky will be greatly benefitedby the order of the Food Administration prohibiting the killing of layinghehs before April 30, A. S. Chaplin, apoultry expert, has pointed out. Approximately one million head of laying hens are shipped from Kentuckyto Eastern markets during monthsof February and March, JVIr. Chapinsaid. The farmers have fed the fowlsall winter on costly feed and duringthe summer these hens could forageand cost the owner nothing for food.On the other hand they would layeggs valued at approximately ?500,000 during the summer. The henswill sell for as much or more in thefall. - , .-.The following VictorRecords should be sungin every home:America.' Star Spangled Banner.,Yankee Doodle.Red, White and Blue.Hail Columbia.Battle Hymn of the Republic.Dixie.DaughertyBros.Fifth and Maini :Just Arrived!Vl-NewSPRING SUITS, COATS ANDDRESSESIn All the Latest Colors and MaterialsjNEWSPRING MILLINERYARRIVING DAILYNWe also have a beautiful line ofnew Spring White Goods. WashGoods Ldmany other materials toselect from.Come in and Inspect Our Select LinesHARRY SIMONAgents For Munsing Wear, Warner's Rust Proof Corsetsand Eiffel Brand HosieryiyWMKftiSffiirMWMMOMMMCOMEiTo Our February and MarchBIG CASH SALE!This sale comes right at the very time you needyFurniture, Rugs, Mattingsand other Housef urnishings. Every time you buy a dollararticle you save twenty cents. Can you beat it? No, norequal it. .SSffBig Cash Sale Price of ThisMaple Rocker$3.98Our Whole Stock IsIn This Big Cash Sale !Just Take 20 Per Cent Offthe regular price of anything you findin our stock and you know our stockis as good as you can find.See the Queen Anne Solid WalnutDining Room Suite in Our WindowCome to this Sale! We Save You Money!THEJ.T.HINTONCO.MOTOR HEARSEMOTOR INVALID COACHUNDERTAKING"EITHERPHONE" 36SIXTH AND MAIN STSJinl!uTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.PiftXW'J l!SJFRIDAY, FEBRUARY 22, ltlt.VtJriI8THE TOBACCO YKKKET8f AT BOURBON WAREHOUSE, TUBS-'' ' DAT, PEB. 19.The Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCompany sold at their Paris Ware-louse, Tuesday, 341,525 pounds oftobacco for $102,723.95, an averageof $ 3 0.0 8 per hundred pounds. The-is quality oi me onering was not up iothe recent previous sales. The market was strong and active. Cropaverages were reported as follows:Sam Ardery sold 1,395 poundsof tobacco for an aerage of $30.33per hundred pounds.Clay & Collins sold 3,815 poundsfor an average $33.57.Bryan & Myers sold 2,650 pounds- - for an average $36.49..Dodge & Cfrimes sold '4,325 poundsfor an average $34.78.f Jones & Mason sold 1,525 pounds( for an average of $44.43.Meng, Talbott & Pence sold 4,785pounds for an average of $35.16.Marshall & Mor eland sold 5,565pounds for an average of $35.99.Woodford & Harney sold 1,490pounds for an average $43.97.Collins & Pence sold 3,585 poundsfor an average of $34.37.Clay & Toohey sold 2,340 poundsfor an average of $40.63.J. H. Barnes sold 4,050 poundsfor an average of $40.97.Simms & Deering sold 3,235pounds for an average of $38.64.Buckner & Rankin sold 4,320pounds for an average of $38.28.Boardman & Reid sold 3,680pounds for an average of $34.99.Shropshire & Tebbs sold 3,390pounds for an average $40.27.Barton & Massie sold 4,480pounds for an average of $34.77.John S. Kenney sold 1,920 poundsfor an average of $36.88.Jones & Shaw sold 2,785 poundsfor an average of $30.33.Rankin & Murray sold 8,270pounds for an average of $33.60.J. T. Jefferson sold 1,215 poundofor an average of $32.82.Becraft & Humphreys sold 1,345pounds for an average of $37.12.Grimes & Johnson sold 2,395pounds for an average of $42.05.Wright & Morris sold 4,775 poundsfor an average of $36.26.E. F. Cantrill sold 930 pounds foran average of $34.17.White & Coy sold 4,575 poundsfor an average of $34.25.Mitchell, William & Simms sold8,055 pounds for an average $35.21.H. Li. Smith sold 3,505 pounds forI an average of $38.07.Rash & Harney sold 3,595 poundsfor an average of $34.36.Leggett & Henry sold 7,800 poundsfor an average of $38.97.Leggett & Bryan sold 2,760 pound3for an average of $37.73.Thomas & Cunnigham sold 3,085pounds for an average of $33.86.Thomas & Reid sold 4,084 poundsfor an. average $38.48.Woodford & Harney sold 2,750pounds for an average of $32.25.Again the success of the secondi$swtjErrr-Srwarirsr- vogygftr ifv ' v esi sstiBREAKS A COLD HfFEW HOUBS TRY IT !First Dose of Pape's Cold CompoundBelieves All GrippeMisery;Don't stay stuffed up!Quit blowing and snuffling! Adose of 'Tape's Cold compound"taken will end grippe misery andbreak up a severe cold either in thehead, chest, body or limbs.It promptly opens clogged-up nostrils and air passages; stops nastydischarge or nose running; relievessick headache, dullness, feverishness, sore throat, sneezing, sorenessand stiffness."Pape's Cold Compound" is thequickest, surest relief known andcosts only a few cents at drug stores.It acts without assistance, tastesnice, and causes no inconvenience.Don't accept a substitute. (adv)-lSousi?z?isrrzzx5e2t$zM-uumjuriiib ArrnuvLS:PRESIDENT TO NAME WARBOARD DIRECTORS.WASINGTON, Feb. 21. President Wilson and not Secretary Mc-Adoo will have authority to appointthe Board of Directors of the WarFinance Corporation, according to anamendment tu the War Finance Corporation bill, unanimously agreedupon hy the Senate Finance Committee. Another amendment to the bill,tentatively approved by the committee, was the removal of the restriction proliibiting members of banksand other financial concerns fromserving as Directors of the corporation. Although Secretary McAdoo urgedthat he name the Directors, the committee was united in transferringsuch authority to the President, although members expect the Presidentwould appoint as Directors personsapproved by Secretary McAdoo, subject to confirmation by the Senate.The committee left unchanged theprovision making the Secretary headof the board in charge of the ocrporation. Chairman Simmons hopes to reportthe bill to the Senate Wednesdayor Thursday.mST BOOTEE BILL.WASHINGTON, Feb. 21. The firstof Food Administrator Hoover's twinfood bills, proposing to pu,t the nation on rations, has been reportedfavorably by Chairman Lever, ofthe House Agriculture Committee.With it was made public th testimony by Hoover in the 'committerhearings, in which he declared thenation must cut down 25 i per cent.on breadstuff s, 10 per cent, on beef,12 to 15 per cent, an pork fat, 10per cent, on sugar and 5 per cent, ondairy products.Almost carte blanche power isgiven the Food Administrator to regulate food from the time it leavesthe farm until it appears on therestaurant table or in the baker'sloaf.Committeemen were assured thatthe sizes of pieces of meat, breadand other foods in public places willbe enforced at once under the bill."For instance, it is proposed thata steak shall weigh no more than sixounces per person.Home consumption is not to beregulated rigidly, but it is affectedby restrictions which are placed onmanufacturers and distributors whosell to the housewife.Hoover declared himself emphatically, in the hearings, for seed subsidies of various sorts to farmers toincrease production.He told the committee .that lastyear's corn crop, far from'being theheralded record-maker, was 200,000,-000 bushels short of normal, whenits poor quality was considered.Opposition in the .House, judgingfrom ttie committee vote, will bescattering. Several Republicansjoined the Democrats in making thefavorable report. Opposition of others was based on individual paragraphs. ,Hoover told the committee thechief reason for pressing the bill wasthat certain hotels were using theirpresent patriotic pledges of economyas a means of imposing on the public.DREADFUL COUGH CURED.A severe cold is often followedby a rough cough for which Chamberlain's Cough Remedy has provenespecially valuable. Mrs. F. W.Olsen, Marysville, Mo., writes:"About two years ago my little boyJean caught a severe cold andcoughed dreadfully for days. I trieda number of cougli medicines butnothing did him any good until 1gave him Chamberlain's CoughRemedy. It relieved his cough rightliberty bond issue was the direct re-1 away and before he had finishedsuit of newspaper advertising and taking one bottle lie was cured. . Tmost of it was given for nothing by think it is" just fine for children."the patriotic editors. j (adv-feb)LISENSE REQUIRED TO SHIPPARCEL POST GOODS ABROAD.The War Trade Board is callingattention to the fact that license isrequired to ship abroad goods on theconserved list, even when sent insmall quantities by parcel post. Inmany cases this has been done bypersons ignorant of the President'sproclamation concerning exports, orwho do not know of the many articles which ,may be exported only under license.For violation & fine of not morethan $10,000 or imprisonment fornot more than two years, or both,form the penalty. Licenses may beapplied for at the Bureau of Exports,Washington, D. C, or any of itsbranches which are located at Seattle, Portland, San Francisco, LosAngeles, Nogales, El Paso, EaglaPass, Galveston, New Orleans, .Mobile, Savannah, St. Louis, Chicago,Boston and New York.THEINDEPENDENTTobacco Warehouse Company(Incorporated)PARIS, KENTUCKYTotal Sales For December 440,005PoundsAverage, $27.83Sale of February 7th, 83,760 PoundsAverage, $31.74st:We Invite Comparison.DAILY SALESWILL BEHELD1 - rExcept SaturdaysTO ALL WOMENWHO ARE ILL:Wlurjj&iiI&abut noxerm3fer?sen. Afor,tion'ort&&dtor WjuTsubjected tb"aslight gassing by the enemy, but themen put "on tneif masks and' therowere no casualtiesThis Woman RecommendLydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound HerPersonal Experience.McLean, Neb. "I want to recommend Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetablecompound to allwomen who sufferfrom any functionaldisturbance, as ithas done me moregood than all thedoctor's medicine.Since talcing it Ihave a fine healthybaby girl and havegained in health andstrength. My husband and I bothpraise your medicine to all sufferinorwomen." Mrs. John Koppelmann, R.No. 1, McLean, Nebraska.This famous root and herb remedy,Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, has been restoring women ofAmerica to health for more than fortyyears and it will well pay any womanwho' suffers from displacements, inflammation, ulceration, irregularities,backache, headaches, nervousness or"the blues" to give this successfulremedy a trial.For special suggestions in regard toyour ailment write Lydia E. PinkhamMedicine Co., Lynn, Mass. The resultof its long experience is at your service.ffvVTHAT TERRIBLE HEADACHE.Do you have periodical attacks ofheadache, accompanied by sicknessof the stomach or vomiting, a sallow skin and dull eyesr If so, youcan get quick relief by takingChamberlain's Tablets as directedfor biliousness, and you may be ableto avoid these attacks if you observe the directions with each package.(adv-feb)n' The easiest and quickait way .toget rid of a cold ia to take Chamberlain's Cough Remedy. Thispreparation has been in vise lormany years and its value fullyproven. No matter what remedyyou use, t however, care must fretaken not to contract a second colibefore you have recovered from tkefirst one, and there is serious dangerof this. A man of middle age orolder should go to bed and stay inbed until fully recovered. It isbetter to stay in bed three days atthe start than three weeks later on.(adv-feb)GERMAN AND AMERICAN'ERS BOTH ACTIVE.FLY-WITH THE AMERICAN ARM5TIN FRANCE, Feb. 21. There hasbeen a considerable increase in aerialactivity in the American sector sinceMonday night.Enemy planes again flew over thetown where a few days ago anAmerican field hospital was located,and dropped bombs, but withoutdamage. One hostile machine waadriven to earth in a damaged condition by an American aviator.The activity of the American antiaircraft gunners, machine gunnersand battery operators kept the enemymachines from flying low enough toget a good aim. One attempted tocome lower, but was hotly engagedand driven off. Another was chaseddown after it had been hit by antiaircraft fire. All day hostile planesvere over the American positions.The artillery action also was livelyand a number of casualties are reported. One shell dropped on a cooktent and wounded six men. Threemen in the trenches were woundedby shrapnel, including a Second Lieutenant. Several others were injuredwhen a town was shelled.Bright moonlight assisted the workL. & N. TIME TABLEEffective, Sunday, June 17, 1917, 12:01 a. m.XRAINS FROM ARRIVALIfrv.34 Atlanta, daily i. v 5:20 amIt Rowland, dally except Sunday i17 Maysville, daily except Sundayr '- o 7:3a im40 Lexington daily except Sunday. . ..- - V7: 2 ""37 Cincinnati, O., daily 1a a5 3n12 Lexington, daily J2:2a am33 Chicago, daily rS Maysville, Daily Except Sunday v. 5:40 am138 Lexington, Daily .10 am38 Knoxville, Tenn., Dally :1 m39 Cincinnati, Daily Except Sunday i-W pm16 Lexington, Daily Except Sunday 6:30 Pm32 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily : A, pm130 Lexington Daily VA2?1 m31 Cincinnati, O., Daily J2:S2 pm210 Lexington, 'Sunday only ; f:?2 pm209 Maysville, Sunday only 5:40 pmTRAINS FOR LEAVI34 Cincinnati, daily . 2:25 am40 Cincinnati, daily except Sunday 7:45 am17 Lexington daily except Sunday.. 'J'J oa10 Maysville, daily except Sunday s s13 Lexintfon,'dally except Sunday 10:28 am37 Knoxville, dally 10:35 am33 Jacksonville, daily 10:25 am129 Lexington, daily 3:25 pm38 Cincinnati, daily 3:25 pm.39 Lexington, daily except Sunday 5:57 pp9 Rowland, Daily except Sunday t:H pm16 Maysville, daily except Sunday 6:45 pn32 Chicago, dally 6:50 pin131 Lwrineton, Daily 10:37 pm31 Atlanta, Ga., Dally 10:38 pm210 Maysville, Sunday only 12:35 pm209 Lexington, Sunday only 4:47 pmT'lIuriE-T.A.IBll.MO. TRAINS ARRIVE FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday M . .... 7:384 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday .TRAINS DEPART FOR1 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday-I Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunda7...a. a5:50 p. m- .... -- . '8:25 a. m.t:2S 9. m.The Independent Tobacco Warehouse Co,The BourbonTobacco Warehouse Co. I(Incorporated)PARIS, KENTUCKYHolds the Worlds Record for a Tobacco CropHaving Sold for Burroughs Bros., of Millersburg, 1810 Pounds of Tobacco,the Product of an Acre and a Quarter of Land, forAn Average of $49.62Salelof February 19th, 341,525 PoundsAVERAGE, $30.08Some Other Good Averages On ThisSale WereJones & Mason 1525 pounds, average .Marshall & Moreland 5565 pounds, average.Clay & Toohey 2340 pounds, average,J. H. Barnes 4050 pounds, averageShropshire & Tibbs 3390 pounds, average .Grimes & Johnson 2305 pounds, average.Thomas & Reed 4084 pounds, average .H. L. Smith 3505 pounds, average.$44.43. 43.97. 40.63. 40.97. 40.27. 42.05. 38.48. 38.07The Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Company Holds, Beside theCrop Record, the Market Record for Paris and KentuckySold 4,351,295 pounds of tobacco for an average of $28.54.Was also above the average of any market in Kentucky.BoarbonTobacco Warehouse Co.R(Incorporated.)PARIS, KENTUCKY(Incorporated)J. T. COLLINS, Manager.II IBMHHHIIHBBli I ISy '7i. . - r "-m"3" ,--.- - FTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1918.PACT WffjmPERUNA in Your HcifceA housewife must give the first aid in colcis, cougnsandother ailments. Her promptness in applying the remedy oftensaves a serious illness. Her experience with remedies has ledher to know that PERUNA is always reliable, that she should..have it on hand for the immediate treatment of coughs andcolds, and that it is always to herThe FamilySafeguafdThe experience of onewoman, given herewith, istypical of thousands of letters that reach the PerunaCompany from gratefulfriends who have found theirhomes incomplete, and theirfamily safety indanger withoutPERUNA.Colds and CatarrhThe great weight of testimony that has accumulated in the 44 years that PERUNA has been on themarket proves it, beyond question, to be the reliable family remedy, ever ready to take, preventing the serious effects of colds,coughs, grip and derangements of the digestive organs. Thisproof is published from time to time and many families haveprofited by it.Kmeaberyon oi obtain PERUNA. It UMet fom far yew cwraakace. Cany itwitiyoa ud be fortified ajiiat saddea attacks.The Peruna Company, Columbus, Ohio,ir$'i(EU SJ&I- "laWR4" jaMrs.Georfie Parker,419 Water SuMeaasha. Wis., writes:"We have used Peruna in our familyfor a number ofyears, aud havefound it a perfectlyreliable medicine.It soon rids the system of any tracesof a cold, and prevents serious consequences. "I began using itfor catarrh, whichI suffered with atfnnri manv ubonbut had not been very serious until recently.Since I have taken Peruna the dropping in mythroat has 'discontinued, and my head and noseare not so stopped up in the morning. I ampleased with the results, and shall continue touse it until I am entirely rid of catarrh.'I heartily recommend it as an honest medicine."Wbatit does for her it is ready to do for you.wg--''aaTfff"J''j3Jlg-Jti,!lffb'-1 K ffl I aw-varar a IT 1 1 Miiiniii.u uuiUuuHOiSEiGE, COMMITTEEMENIPRed Cross With Institutes,Handbook and Bulletins,Teaches Civilian ReliefForces How to Aid Folks"Back Home."CURIOUS CONTROVERSY AS TOWIZARD EDISON'S BIRTHPLACETHE NEWS is in receipt of a letter from Prof. G. Brittain Lyttle,Professor of the English, and Languages Department of the BarbourTille, Ky., College, in which he tellsof making a translation from theoriginal in a Spanish newspaper, ElHeraldo, of New York, regarding acurious controversy that has arisen.lately regarding thewas born there. Men fond of studytook it upon themselves to searchthe records of the Civil Register,with the result that they discoveredthe authentic account of the birthof a boy, christened Tomas Alva YEdison. (The Greek letter Y whenstanding alone in Spanish is the conjunction 'and.' Alva Y Edisonmeans to indicate the surnames offather and mother, putting as in other languages the mother's nani3birthplace or first, and is equivalent to Alva Edison in English. Old people stillZacatecas declare theyof a boy thusThomas Edison.THE NEWS appreciates the com- living inplimentary references made to it in knew the parentsProf. Lyttle's letter, which is reproduced below:"BARBOURSVILLE, KY.,"February 19, 1918."Editor BOURBON NEWS,"Paris, Kentucky,"Dear Sir: Some kind and thoughtful friend of mine about Paris, hasbeen forwarding to my address hereoccasionally, a copy of your interesting newspaper, THE BOURBONNEWS, which I have learned togreatly appreciate and I have to contribute herewith to its bright andattractive columns, if acceptable, theaccompanying translation of a storyof the nativity of Thomas A. Edison,which, should it eventually provecorrect, could but be an additionaltestimony to the truth of the venerchristened. The father, they say,was a native of the capital ofZacatecas, and all his life devotedhimself to mining; the mother wasof English ancestry, and had long resided with her parents in Zacatecas.Soon after 1850, the parents of Edison disappeared from Zacatecaswithout anyone knowing where theyhad gone. It was presumed they hadgone to live in the neighboring republic of the United States, particularly as gold was discovered the previous year in Alta, California, attracting the attention of Mexicanminers. When he was taken awayfrom Zacatecas the boy was probablyonly one or two years of age Inthe Encyplopedia Brittanica, in'Who Is Wtio In America,' and other, tEDITOR'S NOTE: This Is the fifthand last of a series of five articles written by Mr. Fieser on American Red CrossHome Service work in Ohio, Indiana andKentucky.By James L. Fieser,Director, Civilian Relief, Lake Division, American Red Cross.Organizing and training 30,000Home Service committeemen to aidfamilies of enlisted men is the moststupendous and pretentious task, being undertaken by the American RedCross within our own borders.This statement is made withoutfear of contradiction.Even were there established socialagencies in every community fromwhich men have been drawn for activeservice, this Red Cross duty would behardly less difficult, because with thewar have come new problems whichmust be solved, and efficiently too, ifthe good name of the Red Cross is tobe held aloft and the minds of ourfighting folk set at ease about theof their loved ones "backI CLEANSESYOUR HAIlL, . . .A:A.KF.s it BEAUTIFULTHICK GLOSSY, WAVYTry This! All Dandruff Disappear:,and Hair Stops Coming Out.Surely try a "Danderine HairClanse" if you wish to immediatelydouble the beauty of your hair. Justmoisten a cloth with Danderine anidraw it carefully through your hair,uiwang one smaii strand at a time;this will cleanse the hair of dust,dirt or any excessive oil in a fewminutes you will be amazed. Youhair will be wavy, fluffy and abundant and possess an incomparablesoftness, lustre and luxuriance.Besides beautifying the hair, oneapplication of Danderine dissolvesevery particle of dandruff; invigorates the scalp, stopping itching andfalling hair.Danderine is to the hair what freshshowers of rain and snushine are tovegetation. It goes right to the roots,invigorates and strengthens them.Its exhiliarating, stimulating andlife-producing properties cause thehair to grow long, strong and beautiful. You can surely have pretty, soft,lustrous hair, and lots of it, if youwill spend a few cents for a smallbottle of Knowlton's Danderine atany drug store or toilet counter andtry it as directed. (adv)&r9'&r. W. DWISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, K-nNO WIS THE TIMEable adage, 'Truth Is Stranger Than works which have relation to theFiction.'"The translation is entitled.'Curious Controversy About Edison."It appears in the original Spa-nish inlast week's El Heraldo, of New York,without signature. The lines in parenthesis in explanation of the use ofthe greek letter 'Y' in Spanish aremine. Without other knowledgeon the subject I'm inclined to believe the story of the Zacatecans,because in former times I had acquaintances in California by thename of Edison, who were ofSpanish descent."Yours very truly, ,"G. BRITTAIN LYTTLE."THE MARCH AMERICAN MAGAZINE."CURIOUS CONTROVERSY ABOUTEDISON."A newspaper says the famouswizard was born in Mexico, but wasbrought very young to live in theUnited States. In Mexico a curiouscontroversy has arisen as to wherethe celebrated inventor, ThomasAlva Edison reallv first saw thelight, al thought it is known thatEdison is classed as a citizen andnative of the United States becausehis biographers say so, and becausehe himself undoubtedly knows this.In a certain part of Mexico thereexists the belief that Edison wasborn in Zacatecas, a city of that rerpublic, and the citizens have takenit upon themselves to give countenance to this version. The newspaperof Mexico, received lately in NewYork El Excelsior brings information upon the subject, and, as amatter of curiosity, we reproduce ithere, viz: Certainly the basis of thissupposition is the fact that the firstname of the famous man of scienceis clearly Spanish, purely Castillian. "Apropos of late accounts from theUnited States of the new discoveriesof Thomas Alba Edison, discussiontmew has arisen touching the placeof -nativity of the wonderful inventor, with strong evidence of its bing Mexico. Many years ago thisquestion was extensively discussed,and Edison personally denied thathe was born in Mexico,. Now asearch of the archives of the CivilHegister discloses that a birth standdrecorded in the city of Zacatecas.which is believed to be that of Edison. The circumstance that theTecord with the date of birth corresponds in every detail with thatpublished in the encyclopedias andthe biographies of the inventor leadsprominent men of the United States,it is stated that the famous inventorwas born at Milan, Ohio, in the year1847, and that in the books of theCivil Registry of that county hisbirth is recorded. Despite this apparent authenticity as to the countryof his birth the Zacatecans insistupon holding Edison to be a son oftheir State, without bothering themselves about his having changed hisnationality under circumstances ofwhich they are ignorant."Our informants declare they aregoing to look diligently for the Fe DeBaptismo, or record of his baptism,which probably they will find in oneof the churches of the city of Zacatecas, and gather all the data possible with the purpose of preparing apamphlet tending to demonstratethat the inventor is a native ofZacatecas." (Translated from theSpanish of El Heraldo of New Yorkfor THE BOURBON NEWS by Prof.G. Brittain Lyttle, of Barbours-ville, Ky.)fe P3 1SSTRY "CASCARETS" PORLIVER AND BOWELSIE SICK OR BILIOUSTo-night! Clean Your Bowels andStop Headache, Colds, SourStomach.Get a 10-cent box now.Turn the rascals out the headache, biliousness, indigestion, thesick, sour stomach and bad coldsturn them out to-night and keepthem out with Cascarets.Millions of men and women take aCascaret now and then and neverknow the misery caused by a lazvliver. cloKsed bowels, or an upsetstomach.Don't put in another day of dis-Let Cascarets cleanse yourstomach; remove the sour, fermenting food; take the excess bile fromyour liver and carry out all the constipated waste matter and poison inthe bowels. Then you will feelgreat.A Cascaret to-night straightensyou out by ,morning. They worKwhile you sleep. A 10-cent box fromany drug store means a clear head,sweet stomach and clean, healthyliver and bowel action for months.Children love Cascarets because theynever gripe or sicken. (adv)tress.Her Ideal.We heard a young woman say yesforrlnv that her ideal man is one whoto the belief that this birth record is smart enough to make money andof Edison, theis assuredly thatgreat scientist."The Civil Register Record. '"Prominent Zacatecans arrivingrecently in the city of New YorkacLcsure .us that in Zacatecas existsfoolish enoughTranscript.to spend it BostonShut your eyes now and see if you .can get a vision of what your pantryand cellar should look like aboutwelfarehome."To school willing Home Serviceworkers with no previous social training as well as keep professional community workers abreast with new developments, the Red Cross war council established in the Lake divisionHome Service institutes at Indianapolis, Cincinnati, Columbus and Cleveland, each identified with a strong-university and each affiliated withhealthy social agencies.Thirty-five counties were represented by fifty-aix students at the firstseries of institutes, each institute lasting six weeks. A second series hasJust opened. In addition, chaptercourses of information are to be established in cities of 25,000 population and over.There is no guess work about RedCross Home Service.Workers are being trained to help cit;lzens gain all sorts of information. If afamily has not heard from a son inthe service, if the allotment and allowance check is delayed or wrongIn amount, if a boy is reported missing,if any one of hundreds of possibilitiesoccur, the Home Service worker mustbe alert to his or her responsibilities.To show that there are "hundredsof possibilities" for this service, theAmerican Red Cross has preparedor its committeemen a handbook containing correct answers to 260 questions which these committeemen havealready been asked.Forty-nine answers to questions onarmy and navy service, running fromthe composition of the fighting forcesto explaining what must be done toassist the family of a man who hasentered the service under an assumedname, are given in this handbook.Eighty-six points on the soldier's andBailor's allowance compensation andwar risk insurance are explained. Thelatter in itself is so large a task thata Home Service worker, anticipatingt "soft snap" might be driven tocover if there were no handbook orInstitute course to lessen his perplexity. It is down in black and whitehow the insurance is written and forwhom, how premiums are paid andby whom. Six points of informationare provided to cover insurance forcrews of merchant vessels and transports. American Red Cross Home Servicefor families of enlisted men fightingtor our allies causes twenty-nine questions to be answered in the handbook. All this is supplemented by eightynine statements giving information onthe status of families of discharged,men, deserters, and alien enemy families and explaining relationship ofthe Red Cross to other relief societiesjuid the operation of the Red Crossbureaus of camp service and communication. Despite the fact that this handbookhas just been issued, new and puzzling questions are arising with suchrapidity that the bureau of civilianrelief of the Lake division, is planning an informational service to keepIts Home Service workers in 350 chapters in step with the fast-moving procession. War (regardless of the Tuscaniacalamity and a few scattering casualties) war and Red Cross Home Service are still in their infancy, but already some 3,000 families of Ohio, Indiana and Kentucky enlisted and selective service men are under thecare of Red Cross Home Serviceworkers.Picture the immensity of the taskwhen the "American offensive" begins.Red Cross Home Service will boready. It is democracy's brotherhooda action.Everyone interested in the war.every father and mother who has aboy in the service, will be gratefulfor the message of cheer that is givenin the March American Magazine bySurgeon-General Gorgas and PrivatePeat. Surgeon-General Gorgas tellsin an interview what the chancesare of getting hurt or killed in thiswar, and his facts are indeed cheering. Private Peat, the famoussoldier-lecturer, tells in a wonderfularticles "Why We Come Smiling Outof Hell." His story is inspiring andthrilling. -The lecture of Frederick W. Taylor, the father of Scientific Management, and the man whose work onsteel alone has been worth between$50,000,000 and $100,000,000 ayear to the machine industry of thecountry, is printed for the first timein this issue. It is called "Not forthe Genius But for the AverageMan." "How I Cured Myself of Being Too Sensitive" is the story of aman who almost ruined his life byhaving a sensitive nature; "Why JBelieve in Deciding Things Quickly"is by Al H. Woods, the theatricalmanager; "Ripley's Recipe" is an article on E. P. Ripley, the famousrailroad president; "The Joy of theJob" is an inspiring article by EdnaFerber about how she works andhow sheJoves to write; and "WhenMy Boy Comes" is an anonymous article by a father who wants to enlistbut who is held back by the approaching birth of an heir.The fiction this month containsstories by William Dudley Pelley,Holworthy Hall, Bruce Barton, Bertha Rich, and other well-knownwriters. The Interesting People isfully up to its usually high standard, and the Family Money and contest results hold many things of interest and worth.m m mTO FIGURE ONSpring PaintingANDPapering 'CALL US OVERHome Phone 399KANE BROS.The Right NumberWhen you go out to make a call in personlyou alwaysassure yourself of the right address.In making-a telephone call it saves a lot of time andbother to be sure of the number.The absolutely sure way is to first consult the telephone directory not trusting to memory and thenli sten carefully when the operator repeats back to youthe number, correcting her if she is wrong.Paris Dome Telephone S Telegraph Go.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, W. H. CANNON ,District Manager. Iaal Manager.5CATARRHAL DEAENESS CANNOTBE CUREDtwin Bros. Department StoreSevern!) ana main St$.Paris, Kentuckyhy local applications, as they cannotreach the diseased portion of theear. There is only one way to curecatarrhal deafness, and that is byconstitutional remedy. Catarrhaldeafness is caused by. an inflamedcondition of the mucous lining ofthe eustachian tube. When thistube is inflamed you have a rumbling sound or imperfect hearing, andwhen it is entirely closed, deafnessis the result.. Unless the inflammation can be ro'lucad and this tubsrestored to its normal condition,hearing will be destroyed forever.Many cases of deafness are causedby catarrh, which is an inflamedcondition of the mucous surfaces.Hall's Catarrh Medicine actsthrough the blood on the mucoussurfaces of the system.Wp. will eive One Hundred Dollars for any case of Catarrhal Deafness that cannot be cured by Hall'sCatarrh Medicine. Circulars free.All Druggists, 75c.F. J. CHENEY, & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.WeJust What You Have Been Waiting Fora Good While.Ladies' HatsAll Good '98cTo close them out. Plenty to choosefrom. All of them go at thisbis offeringBUY A THRIFT STAMP!CAHAL BROSBARBER SHOPPrompt andCourteousPatrons.Attention toHOT AND COLD BATHS.Professional Cards.WM. GRANNANAttorneyatLawROOMs'401-402.FIRST NATL BANK BUILDINGyDR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and Throat.ROOMS 403-404.iFIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING.The Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 Street?-SCJVE TAPWrJSP' -JVfch."rrl'li; -r&SSfe-JH!StesJpSatisfaction is OorWatchwordLWith all the latest "im-IjfX J provements in laundryS&1 &d appliances and expertl igT helpers we are prepared'- lr' I to do work inferior to-, - J nunc, diiu auiiuit jruuiSkAs .. wa.-.v.t,.1 rBourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.KiIthe firmest conviction thatEdison next November. Then work to it.PHONE 136.. '..vr Fv;i4r -. jm!. s.' i .-a .. . 'jjA- St --- J"' r i2nJBM&- T 'FHfc-T'ft$VVfViL;. -u-z-ljik-,. . ' "r- ?yI'f.piQi naiT-rryiTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARES, KY.FRIDAY, FIBRUAitY 21, 1I1S4!-e4:1 II I II HI HI H i-H-M i 1 1 Hill 1r.yThe J. T. Hinton Co.UNDER TAKERSAND EMBALMERSParis Ky.IIMainand SixthStreetsDay phone 36Night : . . 56or Home 286Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.wif t M'M 1 1 Ml 1 I lll''l''M''lll''VMILLERSBURGThonias Conway, of Chicago, aformer resident, is a guest of relatives in this city.Mr. R. L. Tarr and family left"Wednesday for Florida, to spend theremainder of the winter.BORN. To the wife of Mr. B.B. Driscoll, at Worthville, Ky., ason. Mrs. Driscoll was formerlyMiss Nola Redd, of Millersburg.Miss Emily Frazier, of Winchester, will arrive to-day to be a guestof Miss Aleta Wilson, and to attendthe Junior Reception at the M. M. I.(Through misinformation, take-ifrom another paper, there appearedin this department last Tuesday anitem to the effect that Cadet Grover Kyle, Jr., a student at the M. M.L, had been taken to his home inHarrodsburg, threatened -with typhoid fever. A card to Major Beststated that young Kyle was abouto teturn to school, and that his illness was but slight, and not due totyphoid fever.)(Other Millersburg on Page 3)m m iaTAIR PRICES REALIZED AT LEX- 1NGT0N HORSE SALES.'4DEATHS.At the final sale held Wednesday-sBventv animals were sold tor a"total of ?7,585,$105.50 per head.the sale was realized in the sale ofthe ten-year-old stallion Mainleaf.(3) 2:08, which was purchased j'by Mr. Wm. H. Whaley, of Paris,for $525.. Other Bourbon buyersvwere as follows:-'Peter J ch c 1 Peter GiltnerJane Green by Miller Green, J. Mil' ler Ward, Paris, $40.00.King Todd br h 12 Todd Maggie Wilkes by Colonel Wilkes. G..Swearinger, Paris, $220.00.Dolly Demet blk f 1 J. MalcolmForbes Silent Girl by Silent Brook.Detton "Vimont, Millersburg.TB& 1 fti"Considering his bare feet and his' rudimentary wings, it is doubtful ifCupid would do any worse in the avi-ation corps than in the infantry.- IS ISl PSAnother trouble with trousers is- that if they fit neatly t-hey are difficult to sit down in.THOMSON.Mrs. M. S. Thomson, formerly ofParis, died in the Good SamaritanHospital, in Lexington, early yesterday morning, after an illness of sevi eral weeks' duration. Mrs. ThomsonI had been ill at Hamilton College, inLexington, of which she was ladyprincipal, a short while before being taken to the Good SamaritanHospital.Mrs. Thomson was a native of Mercer county, where as Miss Ida Vanarsdall, she spent her girlhood days.She was married to Prof. M. G.Thomson, who was one of the bestknown educators in the State, andwith him conducted the BourbonCollege in Paris for many years.She wras a woman of keen intellect,and an able educator.After the death of her husband,whic occurred in Paris several yearsago, Mrs. Thomson continued to4 conduct the Bourbon College, ofwhich a large number of Bourboncounty women were graduates. Atthe close of her school career hereshe became identified with HamiltonCollege, in Lexington, as lady principal, which position she filled witnability and understanding of thework.Mrs. inomson is survived b yone' rJo iicrlifu ATicc Potliorino TlinmooOTI nVPrflfffi Or """b"11-1! ,1", uaiuvim uumiw,The top price ofjan wo sisters, one of whom retiiue& in .uiuicuici, uie uiner, iviisiEtha Vanrasdall, a former memberof the Paris High- School faculty,now residing in Hazell Green.The body, accompanied by thefuneral party, will be brought to.fans ior interment to-morrow morning. Services will be conducted byRev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of the ParisChristian church.BEST.Mr. Benj. D. Best, aged seventytwo, died suddenly in Florida, Tuesday night, after a long illness. MrBest had been engaged in the manufacture' of tobacco in Cincinnati formany years. He was an uncle of Dr.I. D. Best, of Cynthiana, and was related to others of the Best familythroughout Central Kentucky. Atone time he was principal of theParis Public School, being succeeded by the late Prof. W. H. Lockhart."3fZUMMJor fashionableCorrespondenceYour friends judge you by the style of stationery youuse.Your letter is a personal envy. Let it be dressedcording to fashion's latest dictates.If you like distinctive styles in stationery, be suresee ourTfew Spring StationeryIt includes all the latest conceits in shape, tint andtexture.Come in and see the line while it is complete,attractive numbers in our window show only a smallof the extensive line we now have in stock.if-ThePpartps1ftiARDERY DRUG COMPANY410 MAIN1STREET PARIS, KENTUCKY jmmwwmmmmTELEPHONE YOUR DRUG NEEDSBOTH PHONES 50gSsfcs9sssfc15sac-1gtogPfccw1Ifcec?rJf THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMOFriday, February 22ndLADIES' AND GOVERNMENT DAYtwo ladies will be admitted for one admission, plus the War tax.Thos. H. I rice PresentsDorothy Daltonin "FLARE-UP SAL"a Paramount Picture. A dramatic pictureof a dance hall girl's triumphs.Also BILLY WEST -the goat-A King-Bee Comedy.Saturday, February 23rdAlbert E. Smith PresentsEarle WilliamsandMiriam Milesin"A MOTHER'S SiN"aVitagraph Blue Ribbon Feature." Thissame picture was advertised for last Saturday, but we couldn't get it until thisSaturday.Also Big V Riot Squad inBigV, Comedy, ''Sleuths and Surprises."Monday, February 25thAdolph Zukor PresentsElsie Fergusonin"The Rise of Jennie Cushing"From the famous novel by Mary S. Watts.An Artcraf t Picture.Also FATTY ARBUCKLEIN"A COUNTRY HERO"One of the best Comedies he everIt's a scream.had.PricesAt the Alamo Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 13c war tax 2c.At the Paris Grand -Children 5c-war tax lc; Adult 13c war tax 2c.Colored persons, Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 10c-war tax lc.-The body will be brought to Georgetown for interment in the Georgetown Cemetery.BASKET.Mrs. Elizabeth Baskett, agedforty-six, died at her home in Winchester, Wednesday night, after ayear's illness. Her husband, Thos.Baskett, was accidently killed abouta year ago at the plant of the Winchester Electric & Power Co. She issurvived by three children, Thos.Baskett, of the United States Army,Ft. Leavenworth, Kansas; John S.Baskett, of Winchester. She was asister of Mrs. Jerry Keller, of Paris.m Hi im -MATRIMONIAL.A marriage license was issuedTuesday from the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton to Mr. Daniel Q.Gay and Miss Margaret Medlin,both of Bourbon county.RAINEY JONES.A MEDLIN GAY.Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of theParis Christian church, officiatedyesterday at two weddings at theparsonage, corner of Main and Tenthstreets. The first couple, Mr. JohnWilliam Jones and Miss Bettie Loui3eRainey, both of Nicholas county,were married at ten o'clock yesterday morning, returning immediatelyafter the ceremony to Carlisle. Thesecond couple, Mr. Daniel C. Gay andMiss Margaret Medlin, both of Boirrbon county, were married at fouro'clock yesterday afternoon.RELIGIOUS.use4 in this country for a similarpurpose."A- finer group of men I've neverseen in uniform than our boys inFrance. This talk about their notliving straight comes from Germany." No doubt he is right. Such tactics are peculiarly German. But themost open instrument for the circulation of these infamous slandersagainst our army in Europe has. been"the Board of Temperance, Prohibition and Public Morals of the Methodist Episcopal Church," with headquarters at Washington. . 'm mBUY THRIFT STAMPS.HOLD YOUR LIBERTY BOOTSSecretary of the Treasury McAdoourges the purchase of Liberty LoanBonds of both the First and Secondissues to hold fast to their bonds.They are the best investment in theworld.The Secretary's statement was called forth by the fact that LibertyBond holders are being approachedfrom time to time by agents seekingto induce them to part with theirLiberty Loan Bonds and take in exchange securities which in a number of cases are of a very questionable value, and was prompted by thedesire to protect the bondholdersagainst ill-advised disposition oftheir bonds.The Secretary expresses the hopethat every purchaser of a LibertyPatriotism demands and thriftcommends the purchase of ThriftStamps. This is a time when evervBond wil1 realize that the only gen-lover of his country should be looking for a chance to help his country.He should be glad to pay in serviceand money the interest due his Government on the help rendered him byhis Government. It is not a time toask "How much interest can I get outof my Government?." but "How muchinterest have I in my Government?"Not "How much can I do my country for?" but "How much can I dDfor my country?" The answer is,Buy Thrift Stamps almost any placein Paris. 'As a general thing when a girl hasa brother and a sweetheart in thearmy she lets mother knit forbrother.uine help that he gives his Government is keeping his bond as an investment so long as it is possible forhim to do so. He states, however,that no just objection lies to thesale of a Liberty Bond where realnecssity exists for its sale.Another reason why bananas areso popular in the tropics is that itisn't niuch work to shell them.Our idea of a rich man is one whocould afford to keep a fried ess on.his parlor mantlepiece.What has become of the old-fashionedostentatious dresser who woregold dollars for shirt studs?MARGOLEN'SHome - KilledMeatsFresh FishReceived DailyDressed to OrderFree of Charge IMflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketThe Pastors' Aid Society of thePresbyterian church will have anall-day meeting next Tuesday at thecourt house. 'The members are urgently requested to be present.Next Sunday, Feb. 24th, is theday appointed by the General Assembly of the Presbyterian church as 4.special day of prayer for schools andcolleges. Rev. Mr. Rice will preacha special sermon to young peoplaSunday morning. All are invited.The Christian Endeavor of thePresbyterian church will meet Sunday evening at the court house at6:30. The subject will be "ThePower of the Cross In Asia." Mrs.Willis will be the leader. A full attendance is urgently requested to bepresent, as the contest will end tonight, and the Presbyterians wantto win by an overwhelming majorityover the Christians. An especiallyinteresting program has been arranged for this occasion.GERMANY AIDING SLANDER OFAMERICAN TROOPS.(Louisville Courier-Journal.) 'In his impressive speech defendingthe War Administration against theattacks o Senator Chamberlian andothers, Senator James quoted a letterfrom the Rev. Geo. Wood Andersonto a citizen of Marion, Ky., in whichthe evangelist, recently returnedf roni work among our troops abroad,said "that our Government is doing ,everything possible to safeguard the Jhealth and morals of our boys in'France, and they are the best-caredfor soldiers in the world."The other night in Flint, Mich., aspeech was made by Dan Reed, wholeft his work at managing directorof the Flint Board of Commerce tomake a personal " investigation ufconditions among our forces inFrance. His report was most heartening. Here is an extract from hisspeech, as printed in the FlintDaily Journal:"You probably have heard some ofthese stories about our boys overthere not living right. You probably understand where a lpt of thesestories started," 'Germany,' said two or three inthe audience."Gerjmany! echoed the speaker.Germany is using every possiblemeans to influence opinion in theUnited States. She is spending$50 0,000 in Switzerland alone everyyear to have such stories spread tothis country. There is no way oftelling s how much. 1 money fe beingFINALClearance Sale!ALL WINTER SHOES MUST GOrIn spite of the high prices prevailing in shoedom, we are compelled to maktaGENERAL CLEARANCE AND TURN INTO CASH the balance of ourHIGH GRADEMen's, Women's and Children'sWINTER FOOTWEAR!Just a Few of thp Many Extraordinary Bargains That AwaitYou Here:Ladies7 Tan Louis Heel Boots$6.00 values atLadies' Havana Brown Tan English$5.00 values atLadies' Black Kid and Grey ClothTop Boots $5.00 values atLadies' Gun Metal Button$3.00 values atLadies' Gun Metal BootsatLadies' Assorted Small SizeShoes $4.00 values atMen's Patent English Nettleton andother makes, $7.00 valuesMen's Tan English Shoes$5.00 values atMen's Rugs. Tan English Beacon$5.50 values at 4Men's Gun Metal Button Walk-Over,small sizes, atMen's Gun Metal Button$3.50 values atMen's Gun Metal Lace$2.75 values atBoys', Misses' and Children's Shoes at Great Bargain Prices.$3,95$3.49$3.49$2.49$2.99$1.69$3.95$3.49$4.00$3.50$2.49$1.99WHILE IT LASTSLot of Men's Rubbers at 79c Lot of Ladies' Rubbers at 59cDANParis' Greatest Shoe StoreCOHENWhere Beauty and Economy ReignJJJ4:m1 v-ar . .? ..v; -s