- ' v rt '1 ' -v JJ,yNEWSj if'.aVV.fv.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.vVOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, MAY 10. 1918sBOURBONTHEBOURBON COUNTY TO MAKE SUCCESSFUL RED CROSS DRIVEPresident Wilson on Tuesday issued a proclamation designating theweek beginning Monday, May 20, as"Red Cross" week, and calling uponthe American people to contributegenerously to the second ?100,000,000 war fund of the American RedCross for the alleviation of sufferingamong the fighting forces and civilian populations of the allied countries. The drire in this county for theRed Cross fund will be opened atthe same time. The committee having the work in charge is planningto have a monster mass meeting atthe Grand Opera House, in this city,on the evening of Sunday, May, 19,the day preceding the opening of thecampaign in the State and the nation. Prominent speakers will bepresent and deliver addresses to theaudience. A musical program willalso be presented. The committeeshave not yet concluded their program, and the list of speakers andthe nature of the musical programand other arrangements for the jmassmeeting will not be known untilsGme time next week. Due -notice willbe given through the Paris papers.Owing to. the fact that this is anunusually busy time of the year withthe farmers and the further fact oflabor being scarce they are compelled to make the best possible useof their time, the committee will endeavor to condense the drive as faras possible into one day, the openingday, Monday, May 20. The sum of? 20,0 00 has been apportioned toBourbon county. It is planned bycommittee to have the county outsideof Millersburg, raise the sum of $17,000, with Millersburg supplying theremaining 3,000.The Publicity Committee of thecampaign held a meeting Tuesdaynight, at which plans were formulated for boosting the campaign. They"held another meeting Wednesdaynight at which representative coloredmen who will take part in the driveamong their race, were present, andparticipated in tie conference as topublicity methods. A meeting of theSoliciting Committee was held Wednesday afternoon, presided over byCounty Chairman James Caldwell,when the workers -were given theirinstructions, and told to get ready tomake a combined assault upon tn"emoney bags of the people of Bourboncounty in the interest of the RedCross campaign.day, May 13, the "dinkey" from Cynthiana to Paris and Lexington, wouldbe restored and put in active serviceagain.The train will leave Cynthianaabout 6:45 a. m., and will return tothat city about 7:15. The exact timecard has not yet been fully workedout. The train operating daily, except Sunday, between Winchesterand Beattyville, will be sent on toCynthiana, lie over there at night andleave early the next morning. TheI run will be from Cynthiana to Beattyville, via Winchester, connectingat Paris for Lexington, Louisville andMaysville division points.The restoration of this train service of the Louisville & Nashville willbe a great accommodation to the people of Paris and Cynthiana, as wellas the farmers residing along theline between those points. They willbe greatly gratified to hear of the re-CYNTHIANA "DINKEY" TO BERESTORED NEXT MONDAY.TTT-TTTR RTVRVTfn?. AT? TTTETOMayor R. S. Withers, of Cynthiana, COUNTRY.has been notified officially by Mr. J.T-A. Morrison, of Paris, Superintendentof this division of the Louisville & ,Nashville, that, beginning "next Mon-. S?.rstWils Ja;coky .ha.s returnedlu me v uuatiuuiti i tuning acnooiat Indianapolis, Ind., after a visitto friends and relatives in this cityand county. Sergt. Jacoby reportsthe Bourbon county delegation asbeing in fine spirits and doing well.Three more colored recruits, Sherman Strother, Clay Brown and Junius Simpson, all of Paris, were sentto Ft. Thomas this week by Recruiting Officer Sharp, who is doing goodwork here. The men will join theQuartermaster's Department as stevedores. 'AAmong the enlistments in the naval service at the Lexington recruiting station this week were Justin McCarthy, formerly of Paris, whogoes in the Naval Reserve Corps,and Jos, A. Jones, of North Middletown, who will be assigned to themarines.Four colored men from North Mid-of rTo tint rf fTiic? cnnr?ia TVToTrrnWithers Has been working 'industri-1 - J- JRously on the scheme ever since the"dinkey" was taken off, and to his efforts the restoration is largely due.Paris people will be equally gratifiedto have the train put on agafn. Itmay mean the restoration of the trainservice on the Maysville branch,which was discontinued some timeago.COMING ATTRACTIONS AT PARISGRAND AND ALAMO.Ranson, Robert B. Carter and ChasDowning, were accepted Wednesdayat the Lexington recruiting stationfor army service. They will be assigned to the Quartermaster's department as stevedores in one of the armycantonments.la EaMrs. Mozelle Huddleson andTo-day, Friday, May 10 Ladiesand Government Day. Two ladiesadmitted for one paid admission, plusthe war tax. Charles Ray, in newParamount- picture, "The FamilySkeleton," 'with an all-star cast;ninth episode of "The Eagle's Eye,"with King Baggott and MargueriteSnow.To-morrow, Saturday, May 11Bryant Washburn in "Twenty-one,"by George Randolph Chester; Big VComedy; "Rooms and Rumors;"Hearst Pathe News No. 32.Monday, May 13 Return of theParis favorite, Mary Pickford, in oneof the greatest pictures of the age,"Stella Maris;" also a rattling goodMack Sennett comedy, "Those Athletic Girls."daughter, Miss Madeline Huddleson,Miss "Vella Mastin and Mr. Rankinj Mastin and Mr. William Mastin, ofthis city, have returned from a visitto Allen Huddleston, at Camp Zachary Taylor, at Louisville. They report the Bourbon county "boys" asbeing as "busy as bees" and as "happy as larks."KENTUCKY WOMENS' CLUB TOESTABLISH ART MUSEUM.The Art Committee of the Kentucky Federation of Women's Clubsis working to establish a KentuckvArt Museum, and is bending everyeffort toward that end. They havealready secured several pictures ofnoted Kentuckians, and will soonadd. to the collection a fine oil portrait of Joel T. Hart, Kentucky'snoted sculptor, which is now beingpainted by Mr. Sudduth Goff, of Lexington. Mr. Goff has enlisted forservice in the United States army,but expects to be given a ten-days'furlough in order to put the finishing touches on the Hart portrait,which is now nearing completion athis studio in Lexington.This museum will be establishedfor the purpose of fostering thestudy of art and. in preserving themost excellent likenesses of Kentucky's statesmen and noted men thatcan be obtained, also the best examples of the paintings and sculptures of not only our present and future artists, but those of our pasthistory, many of which have alreadybeen removed beyond the borders ofthe State by big purchase price ofthe museums of other States.Mrs. Frank P. Lowry, of Paris, isChairman of the State Art Committee of the Kentucky Federation ofWomen's Clubs, which gave the--commissionfor painting the portrait ofJoel T. Hart to Sudduth Goff, a Kentucky artist. Mrs,most excellent work in furtheringand fostering art in this" State. Sheis being ably assisted by her sister,Miss Carloyn Berry, who is at present Lady Principal of Sayre Collegeat Lexington.IE3 U3 isa?The Price of Cotton is SoaringHigher, Ever Higher--Butv the Price ofWirthmor W aistsis Still the SameIt is a unique and economical merchandising planthat enables us to still sell these wonderful WirthmorWaists at 1.00.The price of cotton and cotton fabrics has advancedexcessively recently reaching the highest- figure sinecivil war days, and still the price of WIRTHMORWAISTS remains the same. . .." 'In these deservedly popular Blouses', the materialsused are just as good as ever; they'll wear as -well; they'llaunder as well; they're made as firlely ; andhvSTYXES vare just as genteel and pretty as in the ast:, '' a ;'Only the vast vojume of WIRTHMdR safes, the manylarge economies of , the WIRTHMOR PLAN, fcoupled with'the forehanded purchase of material and a fixed purpose 'on the part of the retailer and maker to-hold- downprice, accounts for these truly remarkable. valnfes. 2" ' ;:MAIN FLOOR.Noel Stivers, formerly of Paris,was here several days this week fromCamp Sherman, near Chillecothe, O.,on. a furlough visit. Stivers is verymuch pleased with the service andsays it has made a man of him. Hewas a member of the squad called"trouble-shooters," whose duties wereto look up deserters and slackers andto guard prisoners in camp. He returned to the camp Tuesday night.Long troop trains bearing hundreds of Uncle Sam's khahi-clad men,continue to pass through Paris, headed for some Southern camp. Tuesday night a train carrying twentycoach loads of these doughty warrl-KENTUCKY ORGANIZED TO TAKEPART IN BIG DRIVE.The third division of the SocialHygiene Division under the directionof Dr. Katherine B. Davis, has beenfornied by the Commission on Training Camp Activities, Washington, D.C. The organization has been reported to the educational institutions ofthe -country and for this State, theUniversity of Kentucky has been soadvised.The division has for its purpose theeducation of women and girls. Inconnection with this work a lecturebureau will be maintained in co-operationwith the Social MoralityCommittee of the "War Work Councilof the National Y. W. C. A., theAmerican Social Hygiene Associationand similar organizations, whichhave also previously co-operated withthe directors of the two other divisions in their, work.'lis bureau will supply lecturersto groups of women and girls in allparts of the country and furnishthem with literature and exhibits.The work of this section will be intense, in industrial communities aswell as in communities adjacent tocamps.OFFERS PATRIOTIC SUGGESTIONFOR RED CROSS SERVICE.COUNTY COURT PROCEEDINGS.In the County Court, Messrs. Edward H. Gorey and D. C. Parrishqualified as executors of the estate ofthe late Miss Annie Kelly, who diedin this city some days ago, by fur--nishingbond in the sum of $20,000.Under the terms of the will the executors were not required to furnishsureties. The following were appointed to appraise the estate, which,it is said, will amount to over $25,-00: Clarence K. Thomas, Georgeioyle and M. J. Lavin., Bond in the sum of $7,000 was furbished by' Mrs. Stella Wilkerson, inqualifying as executrix of the estateof her husband, Dr. W. C. Wilkerson, who died at his home on Houston avenue, in this city, several daysago.Acting for the Bourbon-Agricultural 3ank & Trust Co., of this city,THE NEWS is in receipt of theLowry is doing following communication from aBourbon county woman, who for reasons purely her own, and thereforequite sufficient, doesp not wish hernajme mentioned:"Paris, Ky., May 9, 1918."Ed. THE NEWS:"I offer as a suggestion that thewomen of Bourbon county who raisepoultry, and who are getting anyconsiderable number of eggs fromtheir hens each week, give a certainnumber of these eggs, as many atthey like, to the ladies of the RedCross this coming week, and thatthese eggs be sold, and the money applied to the Red Cross fund. Notonly that they could keep it up allthrough the season, giving a certainnumber each week or each month, asI honestly think it would be a goodone for the women of this county toadopt in order to show their loyalty."This is certainly a splendid suggestion, and if the plan is carried out itwould be the means of raising a largesuni.of money in the aggregate forthe Red Cross. If the suggestionorsPassed here, en route South. The,esignated in wm the late Mr;LliLUl. WiiS iltJIC UUL O. ouun Liuit,orders. The menFRANK & CO.Vwhile receivinremained in their coachesTHE NEWS acknowledges receiptof a handsomely-lithographed foldingpostcard from Corporal Teddy Shannon, formerly of Paris. CorporalShannon is now stationed at Ft. Omaha, Neb., as a member of theAviationCorps of the army. The souvenirpostcard contains a number of interesting views of Omaha, "the GateCity," together with a large batchof statistics and interesting detailsconcerning the business growth ofthe city.County Clerk Pearce Paton received a letter from Homer Nutter,colored, who recently left Paris incompany with seventeen colored ,menfor Camp Zachary Taylor. Nutterstated in the letter that he had beenmade corporal, and that he had alsobeen appointed stenographer f6r hissuperior officer, Lieut. Lewis. AlonzoBrown, another member of the delegation, had also been made, a Corporal. The men from Bourbon havebeen incorporated in the First Provisional Regiment of colored troops, asmembers of Company F. Nutter stated that Lieut. Lewis paid quite acompliment to the Bourbon countycolored soldiersMrs. S. M. Turpin, of Paris, received this week three large shrapnelshells from her relative, AlbertWachs, of Paris, who is a member ofthe Field Artillery, now engaged intarget practice at West Point, Ky.! Wachs enlisted in the service in September. The shells which were dugfrom the ground on the range arewicked-looking death-dealing instruments. They are so constructed asto hold about a, quart of shrapnel.The shell upon striking its target,explodes, sending death and destruction to everything within reach.Wachs said the Kentucky boys at thecamp are all ready and anxious to goto France, and only awaited the command. Mr. Ernest Kiser, son of Mr. andMrs. James Kiser, of near, Kiserton,is a member of the' same, firing squadin which Wachs is serving. He senthome one large 'shell and twosmallerJ ones of the same kind Wachs sent toI Mrs. Turpin. If these Bourbon boys;get the range on the Boches withthose' field guns they are makingsuch excellent records with; thereiwill be 'many a funeral "somewhere'near Germany."iMrs. Mollie. James, of Paris, has received interesting letters from hertons, Sergt.- Lawrence James, who isin the service at Camp Bowie, Texas,and Cprnelius James, who is a "jacktar" on the U. S. transport, Coving;ton. The former stated in partf"My application, for the O. T. S. wasturned down .by the ExaminationSurgeon, on account of my righthand. It could not stand the testgiven. . He gave me four trials tohold an ordinary riile out,, arm fuHyextended, and -fiand grasping therifle at small of stock. J couldn't doB. A. Frank, as his executors, Mr.Jno. T. Collins, president of the institution, qualified for that position.The following were appointed as appraisers of the estate: Lee Price, Jos.W. Davis and N. Ford Brent.Bond in the sum $1,000, with Mr.S. R. Finney as surety was furnishedby Mr. Wm. Blankenship, who qualified as executor of the estate of Mrs.Maude Blankenship. The appraisersappointed for the estate were SteveEads, Thos. Morris and Thos. Craven.. - jQl JQft tStiMR. FICKLEFS CONDITION PR(kNOUNCED SATISFACTORY.The condition of Mr. Wm. T. Ficklen, who was injured by a fall froma window at his home Monday, waspronounced yesterday by his physicians as being satisfactory considering his advanced age. Mr. Ficklinhas proved a man. It is now thoughthe will recover.it. , The hand is a mass of brokenbones and torn ligaments, and hesays it will never be any good forstrenuous work. It's hard luck, forit was damaged in line of duty. I'llhave to make the best of it as it is,though it seepis as if I had reachedmy zenith in the army ,1 havenever seen Renick Smith since thetime I told you of We are tooccupy the trench system for seventy-twohours, commencing this afternoon (May 4) so I must close andget some sleep."Cornelius James wrote in part, asfollows: "When I got back the shipwas about ready to sail, so I didn'tget any liberty and didn't have achance to write. About two hoursafter I got back on the ship one ofthe sailors came to me and said:'James, there is' a soldier down belowthat wants to see you.' I went downand who should I meet but JoeMitchell, James Ellis, John Collierand Jess Masden, a former L. & N.employe, all Bouroon county boys. Isaw a lot of fellows from Carlisle'that I knew, and about 350 fromCamp Taylor, from different parts ofCentral Kentucky We had ashort trip, about the shortest wehave ever.had. The weather was fineall the tipie. The trip this timetook less than a month. .... .1 guessI will get another furlough inAugust. I was awfully sfcrrry I couldnot have more time at-home. Everybody seemed so glad to see me, andI could have talked all day long,they seemed so anxious to knowabout ny work Joe Mitchellwas looking line, and I saw him everyday during the trip over. He saidhe was really glad to be in the service, doing something for Uncle Saniagainst the Dutch who butcheredwomen and children. In the bunchof boys', f met on the boat were JoeMitchell', James Ellis, John Collier,(Paris), John Sergant, (LittleRock), Smith Htfl, (Paris), WardPope, (Carlisle), Will Pope, (Centerville), and others I knew well, butcould not recall their names. Thewhole crowd were as unconcernedas if ftiey'were at home." ,DR. WILKINSON AND CHOIR TOBE HERE TUESDAY.-In response to a cordial invitationto visit Paris, Dr. Richard Wilkinsonof Lexington, and the full choir ofhis church, a sacred musical organization of superior excellence, willcome to Paris next Tuesday night.Dr. 'Winkinson will conduct servicesat St Peter's Episcopal church ateight o'clock Tuesday night. Thechoir will render an especially prepared program. The services will beof great interest to Paris people, inview of the gerat esteem in which.Dr. Wilkinson is held here. All whoheard him speak in the recent RedCross and Liberty Loan campaignS"recall the charm of manner and the eloquence of the speaker, who will everhold a warm place in the hearts ofParis people.Everybody is cordially invited toattend this service, which cannot butbe instructive and profitable tothem.ROYAL WELSH CONCERT CO. ATBAPTIST CHURCH.The Royal Welsh Concert Companywill be heard in a sacred concert atthe Paris Baptist church at threeo'clock next Sunday afternoon, May12. The members of this companyare survivors of the Royal GwentWelsh singers saved from the Lusitpnia disaster. One of their numberwill deliver a forty-minute lectureSunday afternoon, describing his experiences in this disaster.The program will be under the auspices of the Ladies' Missionary Society of the church. No admission willbe charged, but a silver offering willbe taken at the close of the program.This hour of sacred music is forthe people of Paris. Lovers of goodmusic throughout the city will nodoubt take advantage of this opportunity, and it is hoped that the general public will do likewise. Thechurch should be filled to its utmostcapacity on next Sunday afternoon.?a ?si 13,EXAMINATION FOR COMMOITSCHOOL DIPLOMAS. xCounty School Superintendent J.B. Caywood announces to-day and tomorrow, Friday, May 10, and Satur-meets with the approval of the house-1 aa x as aates on wmcil exwives nf Bmirhnn p.nnnt.v tttf. "NTTCWS laminations will be held for commonwill do all it can in the way of aiding by giving publicity to it.school diplomas. The examinationswill be held in his office in the courthouse in this city. The examinations will he rrmriiip.teri hv TlHs!S',SftsfnrSUMMER NECESSITIES THE clay and Prof. B. M. Roberts.BEST AT RIGHT PRICES. I To-morrow morning at ten o'clock! the last meeting for the school sessionCome in and see the best line of of the Bourbon County Teacher's As-ref rigerators, ice cream freezers, ' sociation will be held. Turner'slawn mowers, porch and lawn swings "Teaching To Read" will "be complet-at the right prices. ed, and the teachers will decide the(It) FARMERS SUUPLY CO. day and date for the examinations.1aWE KNOW HOWMOTHERS!Buy Your Boy's Suit FromMitchell & Blakemore's Store 1i1Every suit sold by us youwill find are well-made, goodfitting garments and dependable cloth. In buying our boysclothing stock we have usedgood judgment in selectingpatterns and styles that thelittle fellows will like. Manyfancy patterns in greens.tans,greys and blues, coats mademilitary style and beltedbacks, semi-Norfolk styleswith slash pockets and patchpockets, trousers all made withreinforced seats and knees,,seams all well sewed and reinforced with tape in order toprevent them from rippingand tearing out. tEverything for boys youwill find at our' store. .Boys Suits From$7.50 tD $15.00MkMITCHELL & BLAKEMORESTETSON. HATSNETTLETON SHOESSTEIN-BLOCH CLOTHESMANHATTAN SHIRTS11IaIiK::iIIJI1IIj.. .?ifitessL. -v .vfn ''i-iV--A-?TAGE TWO5b- v?.Catarrh of SlomacKDid Not Know ItNearlyStarved.Mrs. Selena Tanner, Athens, Ohio,writes: "I cannot find words to express my thanks for your kind ad' vice. I never once thought I had ca'.tarrh.oi the stomach. I commenced"taking Peruna, as you directed. Myr stomach continued to hurt me forabout two -weeks after I began the..medicine, and then it stopped. I nowhave a good appetite, while before'1 was nearly starved."""'Those who object to liquid medicines can procure Peruna Tablets.TiWmmmtma,ft,;. xj&wiigfl,EliJjiirJ33wETHE BOURBON NWS, PARIS,.srPERUNAMade Me WeilCEHJUTE TO PEOF. YERKES PROMA FORMER PUPIL.; .This Is- - irsnoute,neither a panegyric nor aand is devoid of the formaloaftyle of "both. I will call it An Appreciation, and treat the subject of this.sketch from the standpoint of teacher-vtraly... -When I first saw Mr. Yerkes hejroade a lasting impression upon me.!He had been teaching in Paris for anumber of years and had acquiredj great reputation as an instructor,"including, incidentally, a name forsuch strictness as carried to prospective pupils a well defined dread ofemg- enrolled in his school.In. height, he was commanding; in"form he was athletic. His head wasinassive; his 'bearing severely dignified. Not only was he favored with ahandsome physique, but he was, intellectually, a -finished scholar and a" .polished gentleman, so that he pos' :3esed in the fullest measure the"BLatihSPbet's highest conceivable wisha strong' mind in a strong body.When.he confronted his school,Shis appearance was impressive, his-"presence 'all-pervading' within the"wails of the school room. It was norplace for an idler.could be held responsible for any confusion at his desk. After being seated I looked around for a moment atthe other pupils to get my bearings,but my attention was promptly directed to the book in front of me,and from that time to the end of theterm I understood there was no inattention or idleness tolerated in thatroom.The discipline was remarkable.Each boy in the school studied; somemore willingly than others, and somewith more success than others, BUALL STUDIED.When he called a class the boystook their places with the order andprecision of military discipline,though his was not a military school.The recitations would have been arevelation even to many teachers oflong experience. There was nostammering or hesitating, or tiresome or painful waiting no wastingof time not the loss L a moment.There were no "Willies" or "Tommies" in his -school. But "WillieJones" and Tommie Smith" were"Jones" and "Smith," pronuoncedwithout the slightest sentimental lingering of sound.His questions came with an abruptand alarming quickness and distinctness, and an answer was requiredThere is a word now much used I"1"1 ?,d"1.elum,wiebb auu ieB?"efficient" but 'this does not fitly fe.s.B- p"are anser' or anv nesi"eC wt,o u TOoc 1,0 ,c itation, for a part of a second no,vjv, .,iiu.u k ..o "V "- iiivo. ,.n . i. J. li.we win nut aeem lu exaggerate, letus call it a second, and then "Next!"was sounded with a suddenness whichmade the boy next in line realize theresponsibility of answering instantly.There was no repeating the question.The next boy was required to knowthat he must answer at once, if thefirst one did not, and so on down theline "without repeating the questionuntil it passed to some boy who couldanswer it.?iatt. efficient, he was powerful and jlooked it; physically powerful Imentally powerful.He was about the last person apupii would select to be familiar with, -to trine with, or to be the object ofja. 3oyish prank."T had the good fortune of going to"-school to him, but the misfortune of" ibeing limited to one year, as he, at' Hie end of the year, went to Europeio complete his studies, or to do somespecial University work.Yet, I felt that this one year was:eTatively more important to me in itseffect than all other schooling I had,3itr-er before or after. He taught meiiow to study.He received only boys as pupils -an-alftnelast few years of his teachingaind each year limited the number of-iis -pupils.'Yhen school opened on my firstHvf, ithe boys were promptly seated ;'with some space between so that each;ay jThisHousei. is SunburntBuildings suffer from sunburn asinuch as people do, when they'retnot protected from Old Sol's grilling rays.Few could afford enough coldcream to soothe a blistered barn,lut we all can afford a coat ortwo of paint to -keep, the barnsfrooi blistering.iaood paint'gives the sun's raysox) "chance to warp and crack thewood, so that rain may drive inand start decay,Dutch Boy. Anchor BrandWhite-Leadimijeed with fcure linseed-oil, is aIpaint, which is proof against all-wwther, and, maintains a handsome, smooth' appearance. Anycolor may be had., Drop in and let us show you our- compete lin'of high-grade raint,- ttte, vrnishe, intt brushes! We.-guarantee the worth of all oukprfflt smi tenia, and our pricesvcnguuplace in tringiafiigiromajtin intoEnglish. ?j j j5 ,This is nop jnere theory, invent toother schools and colleges five or sixyears after the year I went to Mr.Yerkes and I met with students frompreparatory schools throughout thecountry whose early training wasnoticeable in their translation work,so that I am speaking from experienceafter opportunity for observation.No reference to his strictness orseverity of discipline is intended inany other sense than a commendationof his hih regard for his obligationto those who entrusted their sons tohis care. In fact, it is my opinionthat this same strenuous disciplinewas the main secret of his great success in the school room.In the long period Mr. Yerkes conducted a school in Paris, many youngmen of this and other communitiescame under his charge and trainingand year after year a number of hispupils entered colleges and universities in this State and in other sections of the country.Mr. Yerkes had a reputation amongthe colleges for fine preparatorywork. I think it will be conceded thathis private school was rated the bestin the State for preparatory work.There is no higher calling thanhis, and there is no greater successthan he attained in that calling.I shall attempt no eulogy in closing. He needs none. His life, hiswork, and its untold influences, arehis best and highest eulogy.EOBT. C. TALBOTT.TO AILING WOMEN.ALittle Sound Advice Will HelpMany a Sufferer in Paris.1t'i Vv4"ct f Xtm 1. A. DaughertyHe had a chalk line near the wall.When a boy missed about two questions he was signalled to this chalkline and required to stand as long ashis offending appeared to justify. Thefalling of a pencil or other noise atthe desk, was also followed bv the delinquent standing on the line. Thiswas not the only punishment for theboys who missed too often or wouldnot study. Those who were notbrought to a sense of duty by thismilder punishment, soon found agood, round shaking accompaniedwith the flying of collar-buttons, amore awakening reminder of the dutythe teacher owed the parent who hadsent the pupil there to study. But itwas rare that a boy failed to mendhis ways after having to stand on theline and study in that position, sometimes with his face and book towardthe wall. This will be enough toshow that, when it came to instructing boys, he was no namby-pambypractitioner of rose-water theories of"moral suasion." This latter methodmay be best as applied to girls ormixed schools, but certainly not, asapplied to schools for boys only.His method resulted in Grettinc:more work out of the least willingpupil than the moral suasion methodof teaching produces from we willnot seem to overstate it by saying theBEST students, but the AVERAGEstudents of the school. While hismethod seemed harsh to unwillingstudents, they invariably felt a respect akin t& reverence, and as theyarrived at a more thoughtful age, anaoiaing airection took tne place 01any boyish dislike.A volume could be written abouthis methods and results. As we arelimited for space we will take onesubject only, the teaching of Latin.For the first year or two his Latinpupils were not allowed to translatea single sentence, but they were drilled in declension and conjugation until they were thoroughly conversantwith grammar and construction.Every young teacher should knowhow thoroughly he trained his pupilsin declension and conjugation. Hewould skip about from singular toplural and from one case to anotherwith lightning rapidity, and each boywas expected to answer instantly anyquestion. "Accusative singular?""Genitive plural?" "Dative singular?" etc., and, mind you, there wasnot to be any hesitation even for afraction of a second . in answeringthese questions.So with conjugation. Naming someverb for practice, he would fire inrapid succession a fusilade of questions "Present Indicative, third person singular?" "Plu-perfect, secondperson, plural?'; etc., skipping fromone mood to another and -from onetense- to another and from- one per-soif-toanother and from singular oplural with -a surprising, rapidity.hfBut he drilled his punils into do-ingthisrwithr great precision and astonishing quickness. After a year ortwo of this drilling his pupils werepermitted to translate simple sentences, but the main work still wasconjugation, declension and parsing.The opposite .method, jfrojn this Isto teach beginners to-translte.a fewweeks orfewmjmths from the timethey begin Latin and before theyknow much of construction. Pupilswugni according to Mr. Yerkes'method rarely made a mistake intranslation. Pupils taught by the opposite methods .constantly make mistakes in translation. Take a sentence,"Caesar defeated the enemy," thosetaught by other methods than his frequently translate it. '.'The enemv defeated Caesar." This illustration maybe bucIu bald, mistake, as to seemimprobable, but it illustrates the tendency of which I am speaking of thosenot taught by his method -to get thesubject, object, etc., in the wrongNo woman should consider herselfhealthy and well if the kidneys areweak. Poisons that pass off in thesecretions when the kidneys are well,are retained in the body when thekidneys are disordered. If the kidneys and bladder become inflamedand swollen worse troubles mayquickly follow. This is often thecause of breaking-down pains, lameness, backache, etc. Uric poison isalso frequent cause of headaches,dizzy spells, langour, nervousnessand rheumatic pain.When suffering so, try Doan's Kidney Pills, a remedy that has proveneffective in thousands of such cases.Let a Paris woman tell of her experience. Mrs. A. L. Burley, 329 Eighth St.,says: "I have used Doan's KidneyPills, getting them from the ArderyDrug Co., and from the benefit I received, I certainly think they are agood, reliable remedy. Whenevermy kidneys have acted irregularly ormy back has been weak and lame, Ihave used a box or so of Doan's Kidney Pills. They have always relieved me of the complaint."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Burley had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)LOSTHRed heifer with horns, weighsabout 750 pounds.Reward for return. Call HomePhone 210 or Cumberland Phone937.AMOS TURNEY, SR.,(7-2t) Maysville Pike.For Sale.An oak folding bed a combination of bed, dresser and wardrobe;at a low figure if sold im,m"ediately.Home Phone 102. (26-tf)WARNINGDo not sell your second hand furniture before you see me. Highestprices paid for furniture, stoves, carpets, refrigerators, etc.J. ELVOVE,(3-3t) Home Phone 360.LOST.Between the residence of Mrs:elle Adair, on the Lexington pikeand Cohen's Shoe Store, a horseshoe-shapeddiamond pin, with goldscroll work on side of horseshoe. Reward for return to BOURBON NEWSoffice.Found.BfJOFriday; may 10, u'if.0T0JnTENTIOti!Sick WomenTo do your duty during these tryingtimes your health should be your hrstconsideration. 1 hese two womentell how they found health..Hellam, Pa. "I took Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound for female troubles and a displacement. I felt all run down and was very weak.1 had been treated by a physician without results,so decided to give Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compounda trial, and felt better right away. I am keeping housesince last April and doing all my housework, where beforeI was unable to do any work. Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound is certainly the best medicine a woman cantake when in this condition. I give you permission to publishthis letter." Mrs. E. R. Crtjmlin.g, B. No. 1, Hellam, Pa.Lowell, Mich. "I suffered from cramps and draggingdown pains, was irregular and had female weakness anddisplacement. I began to take Lydia E'. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound which gave me relief at once and restoredmy health. I should liketo recommend Lydia E. Pinkham'sremedies to all suffering' women who are troubled in a similar way." Mrs.ELiSE Heim,E.No. 6, Box 83Lowell,Mieh,Why Not TryIYDIA E. PINKHAM5VEGETABLE COMPOUNDIYDIA E.PINKHAM MEDICINE. CO. LYNN. MASS.iJFor Rent.Three nice rooms, in good location;suitable for light housekeeping. Apply 314 Scott Avenue. (9-tf)IRONWe pay highest prices for iron,.junk, hides and wool.MUNICH & WIDBS & CO.,Eighth St., Paris, Ky.,Cumb. Phone 371.(23-tf)Old False Teeth Wanted.Don't Matter If Broken.We pay up to 15 dollars per set.Also cash for Old Gold, Silver andbroken Jewelry.' Check sent by return mail. Goods held 10 days forsender's approval of our offer.Mazer's Tooth Specialty, Dept. A,2007 S. 5th St., Philadelphia, Pa.(26-5tF)Executor's Sale-OF-Desirable Home andOther Property.Automobile license tag No. 40047,found on Maysville & Lexington pike,between Paris and Lexington Ownercan obtain same by paying advertising charges. (12-tf)FOR SALEAn oak folding bed a combination of bed, dresser and wardrobe;at a low figure if- sold immediately.Home Phone 102. (26-tf)I BELIEVEI believe that I am right in the("inclusion that thinking people donot want bargain glasses any more.tnan they would want nature to endow them with a bargain pair ofeyes. .My work is, and always will bejust as good as I know how to makeit. I must give satisfaction in orderthat my business may grow.If you will favor, me with yourpatronage, I will see to-it that youonly pay a fair price and I will alsopromise you satisfaction, so muchso that you will not hesitate to recommend me to your friends who areJ'i aeed of eye help.Dr. Wm. Riley FranklinBoth Phones. 520 Main StvAs executor of E. B. Hedges, I will,at the residence on Stoner avenue,hereinafter described, onWEDNESDAY. MAY 15. 1918.about the hour of 2 p. m., expose topublic sale the following real estatelocated in Paris, Kentucky, namely:1. That certain house and lotsituated in Paris, Kentucky, fronting50 feet on Stoner avenue, and extending back therefrom the same'width as in front, with the propertyof Mozell Huddleston on South Westside, and that of P. Nippert on theNorth West side to the property ofW. W. Massie a distance of 300 feet,and being the same property conveyed to E. B. Hedges by Wm. Myallby deed of record in the office of theClerk of Bourbon County Court inDeed Book 90, page 484;2. A certain vacant lot on theNorth side of Stoner avenue, opposite the residence, situated in theCity of Paris, Kentucky, and bounded as follows:Beginning at the intersection ofThird street (Stoner avenue) withthe line of E. L. Stevens; thenceW with Third street (Stoner avenue)50 feet to a corner to- Mrs. Hedges,and extending back between parallellines to Stoner Creek 175" feet moreor les.s, and being the same propertyconveyed to E. B. Hedges by MattieV. Trisler, etc., by 'deed of record insaid office "in Deed Book 100, page607.3. Lot No. 10 in Massie Addition to the City of Paris, Kentucky,fronting 50 feet on Massie Streetand running: back 146.5 feet on theWest and 135.5 on the East, being51 feet in the rear, and being thesame property conveyed to E. B.Hedges by C. A. McMillan, MasterCommissioner, by deed or record insaid office in Deed Book 91 page296. rTERMS OF SALE One-thirdcash, balance in six and twelvemonths. The deferred payments tobe evidenced by the purchaser's promisory notes payable to the undersigned and bearing interest at 6 percent: per annum. Possession to begiven at once.For further particulars inquire ofthe undersigned.ROBT. C. TALBOTT,Executor E. B. Hedges.Public Sale of Household and KitchenFurniture.At the same time and place, I willexpose to public sale my householdand kitchen furniture and otherper-sonalty. 'MBS. E. B. HEDGES.(7-2t) x-ON9HiHiSHOEPOLISHESitefP YOUR SHOES NEAfLIQUIDS AND PASTES.FOR BLACK, WHITE;TAN. DARK BROWN.OR OX-BLOOD SHOES.PRESERVE THELEATHER.TXJVKUVtSWmmWe Have Some Very FineNEALSPAYMASTERSEEDCORNGermination GuaranteedOrder Early, as the Stock is .Limited.C. S. BALL OARAGECor.! Fourth and Pleasant St.siC-.FRIDAY, MAY 10, 1918.THE BOURBON IflWS, FASfS, K1kPACIVVa s-o-m-e Baal r ! !K "-the kind jffijBftMM thatm-e-1-t 'JmIH in your JPPBr mouth AteSly'OS -light. Qfilfclpjln fluffy.tenderr"Hl cakes, biscuits and jflfflPH doughnuts that just jE&Cflfl keep you hanging Sfiyp 'round the pantry yHBBr all made with Kl9 CALUMETH BAKING POWDER Xfl the safest, purest, most BHEb economical kind. Try sB5H it drive away bake-day HB;&fl failures." HV 'KDO You save when you buy it. HlIhK You save when you use it. JfJHQJH Calumet contains only such mj9B ingredients as have been flCyBBl approved officially by the BaflBJr U.S. Food Authorities. BroHm HIGHEST Sffi HGUY MTfiSHALBARELY ESCAPESHORRIBLE DEATHDoomed to a Slow and LingeringTorture, Florida Official isSaved at Last Moment.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.THINGS TO WORRY ABOUT.The Maysville Independent in arecent issue, has the following suggestive item regarding the preparation for combating the expected"drouth" after June 20:"From the amount of beer andwhiskey being shipped into thiscity it seems to be a safe bet thatthere will be no drouth around here.after next month for some ti,me tocome."WINTER HAVEN, PL A., May 7.After having suffered untold painand misery for several years, andhaving been given up by his physicians as doomed to a slow and lingering death, B. F. Norman, citymarshal here, states that he was entirely cured in two weeks. He yesterday said:"For years I was in horrible painfrom kidney and bladder troubles,accompanied by very poor digestion.In fact at times jmy food would notdigest at all, which caused me agreat deal of suffering, much anguishand greater expense."I had excruciating pains in andaround my kidneys which left me aphysical wreck. I had to get up eightor ten times a night. Sleep was outof the question."A friend recommended Acid IronMineral and, thank God, I tried it.Almost immediately the pain in jmykidneys and bladder ceased. It waswell-nigh miraculous in its effect. Inow sleep well, instead of having toget up every hour or so. My digestion is again normal. I can now eatwhat I want, and when I want it."It has done me so much good Iwant to pass the glad tidings alongto others who are in the same miserable shape."The acidity of A-I-M invariablygives instant relief in cases of faultydigestion and impaired kidneys, thusrelieving the bladder immediately.Then, by building up the entire system, Acid Iron Mineral banishes allsuch complaints as are traceable topoor digestion, and a weak, rundownsystem. As a general spring tonicit is without a peer.Thousands upon thousands of people, throughout the country, duringthe past thirty years have, utteredsimilar words of praise for A-I-M,and so great a percentage has beenthe number of those benefitted byits use, that the proprietors make thefollowing unqualified guarantee tothose who purchase Acid Iron Mineral: Go to Brooks & Snapp, druggists.Try a bottle of A-I-M. Then, if youare not fully benefitted and don'tJ feel like a new person, take the-empty bottle back, and your moneywill be immediately refunded.(adv)MDIn spite of the fact that Hopenever dies Disappointment is alwayshovering around to hang the crape.If every cloud had a silver liningit's no wonder some people are always up in the clouds.$&xy2&mw.L'&' m a -. "-n s.mmM'M7,,-2SfW'A Nobby 'ShowingOF7?ew SilkV)resseaFor Misses and Ladies at aspecial price ofS4. 75EACHThis Week Only,3nd3b'QnceafCowpefionPofizcfoBefore applying powder give yourkin a protecting coatofMARINELLOMotor CreamShields skin against wind and weather.Prevents tan and sunburn. Keeps skin softand velvety. Eliminates catsse of most complexion defects. Absolutely essential toproper care of facial beauty- 'Try it.MRS. M. A. PATON437 S. Main Phone 330Mrs. Scott Renick, of Winchester, is a guest of relatives in Paris.Mr. Ossian Edwards is in Washington, D. C, on a business mission.Mr. Clyde Burberry has returned from a business trip to Louisville. ,Mrs. Charles Turner is confined to her home on Fifteenth streetby illness.Miss Sena Rion has returnedfrom a visit to Dr. and Mrs. J. S.Goodrich, in Lexington.Mrs. Jasper Offutt is at homefrom a visit to her sister, Mrs. Wm.Wasson, near Versailles.Mr. D. C. Alexander has returned to his home in Louisville after avisit to Mr. A. J. Fee, in this city.Mr. and Mrs. Charles Barnett, ofTaylorsville, Spencer county, areguests of relatives in Paris and inthe county.Mr. Grover Dennison has returned from a visit to his brother,Mr. A. R. Dennison and family, nearWinchester.Rev. F. W. Eberhardt, pastorof the Georgetown Baptist church, isa guest at the home of Mr. CharlesLarue, near Shawhan.Mrs. O. T. Wagoner and childrenhave returned from a visit to Mrs.Wagoner's parents, Mr. and Mrs. W.R. Florence, in Falmouth.Mr. Wm. Penn, of Cincinnati, isa guest of Paris and Bourbon countyfriends. Mr. Penn has been attending the Lexington races.Miss Damie Cahal, of Paris, hasaccepted a position as stenographerin the office of the Mahar WholesaleGrocery Co., in Winchester.Miss Tillie Jaynes is a patientat the Massie Memorial Hospital, inthis city, where she underwent anoperation Monday for appendicitis.Mr. and Mrs. Charles Poer,have moved from Paris to Covingtonto reside. Mr. Poer is an engineerin the Louisville & Nashville service.Mr. H. D. Collins is visiting hisson, Mr. Wm. C. Collins, in Maysville. From there he will go to Foster, Ky., to visit his son, Mr. Ishmael Collins.Mrs. L. M. Dunn, who has beena guest of her mother, Mrs. JamesFitzgerald, o nSouth Main street, hasreturned to her home in Dayton,Ohio. She was accompanied by hersister, Miss Mayme Fitzgerald.Mr. and Mrs. Chas. P. Mannand Mr. and Mrs. Howard B. Carrhave nioved to apartments in theold Bourbon College property, recently purchased by Mr. Mann.Mr. Hubert Case and children,of Berry, Mr, and Mrs. Wm. Tuckerand family, and Mr. L. F. Edwards,of Peru, Indiana, were guests recently of Mrs. J. F. Orme, at the homeof Mr. and Mrs. Forrest Thomas, on"Vine street.Mr. Charles O. Martin, managerof the Pastime Billiard Rooms, hasreturned from a three-weeks' stayat Hot Springs, Arkansas. Mr. Martin was greatly benefitted by hisistay at the Springs, wliere he wentfor treatment for rheuniatism.'A pleasant event of the weekwas a farewell party given at thehome of Mrs. James Fitzgerald,in honor of Miss Mayme Fitzgerald,who left Tuesday for a visit with hersister, Mrs. L. M. Dunn, in Dayton,Ohio. A large number of intimatefriends were present, and all had amost enjoyable evening. A delightful luncheon was served.Mr. and Mrs. W. R. Tuttle,daughter, Miss Elizabeth Tuttle,and son, Mr. Eugene Tuttle, of nearParis, were guests at a dining givenin Winchester by Mr. and Mrs. G. C.Fluty, in honor of Mr. and Mrs. W.R. Fluty, newly-weds. The tableswere decorated in patriotic colors,red, white and "blue being carriedout in all the details of the colorscheme.(Other Personals on Page 5.)GET BENEFITS I Wolf' Wile & CompanyLouisville Woman Says TanlacBrought Health to Husbandand Self."Tanlac has brought health toboth my husband a-nd myself, andI'm glad to tell others about whatthis medicine has done for us," saidMrs. Nora Breaden, ,224 West Jefferson street, Louisville."My system was all run down. Ididn't have a bit of energy or ambition, and I was getting nervous allover. I didn't sleep very well atnight and didn't get niy rest like Ishould. As a result I fet bad andmy housework was hard for me. Myappetite was poor and I didn't eatvery much."My husband wasn't feeling very 1wen, eiuier, aim lie sianeu. iu.tt.uigTanlac. It helped him quickly, andhe started feeling so much better thatI began taking Tanlac, too.""It was jupt like a race betweenus after that a race back to goodhealth. We each took three bottlesof Tanlac, and we both are enjoyinggood health again now. I think Ifeel as well as I ever did, and myhusband says he does, too."If you are not feeling right, getTanlac to-day atVARDEN & SON'S.Por Rheumatism.Try Tanlac Rheumatism Treatmentfor rheumatism, the treatment thathelps rheumatism by cleansing theblood. You can get it atVARDEN & SON'S,(adv)TQ E3 3"Notwithstanding thefact that Woolen Materials arecontinually rising in price and. will go still higherand with labor costs increasing,We Announce AnExtraordinary SaleofTailored Suitsa-Kn:$25.00$29.50$35.00All from our regular stock and representing big redirections in price.te-KENTUCKY INCLUDED INNEXT DRAFT CALLTHEA requisition on all the States except Arizona, Delaware and Vermontfor 4,060 specially qualified draftregistrants to go to camp on May 20,was $ent out Tuesday by ProvostMarshal General Crowder.The lo' 1 Exemption Board couldnot efatini .te the number that will gofrom Paris and Bourbon county inthis call. The number will besmall, however.S3 15i 183FOR A SPRAINED AITZLL.tAs soon as possible after the injury is received get a bottle ofChamberlain's Liniment and followthe plain printed directions whichaccompany the bottle.(adv-may)We Also Announce A Big Sale OfWomen'sSilk DressesAt $25.00In Crepe de Chine, Georgette, Crepe, Silk Ginghamsand other choice materials.WOLF, WILE & CO.LEXINGTON, KY.??- h t in 1 18H3303Twin Bros.Department StoreBAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly RollCream Puffs 'Doughnuts, Rolls, PiesGROCERYFruitsFresh VegetablesMEATDEPARTMENTRoatsLamb, Veal, PorkBrainsWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376SHIP BUILDERS SPEEDING UP INTHEIR WORK.PHILADELPHIA, May 9. Allrecords for rapid construction ot ashin were broken Sunday when the5,548-ton steel collier Tuckahoe waslaunched at the New York Shipbuilding Corporation in Camden, N. J. Thekeel of this wonder snip was iaia onAnril 8. and only 27 working dayswere required to prepare the hull forlaunching.The boat was 90 per cent completedwhen it slid into the waters of theDelaware and in 15 days more it willtake its place in he commerce of theworld, complete and ready for a cargo. A distinguished company witnessedthe launching, including Charles M.Schwab, Director-General of ShipConstruction; Chairman Edward M.Hurley, of the Shipping Board; VicePresident Charles Piez, Francis T.Bowles and Senator Fletcher, Chairman of the Senate Commerce Committee. Miss Helen Hurley, Chairman Hurley's twelve-year-old daughter, christened the ship.President Sends GreetingSpeeches were made to a greatcrowd of workmen and members oftheir families by Chairman Hurley,Mr. Schwab and Mr. Piez. Mr. Hurley read a letter from President Wilson, as follows:"To the workmen and executivestaff of New York Shipbuilding Company."My dear inends;"I want to congratulate you on theextraordinary record you have madein your work on the steamshipTuckahoe. I wish I could be present in person xo express to you thefeeling that I have that we are allcomrades in a great enterprise andthat you have played your part withextraordinary devotion and skill,eliciting not only my admiration butI am sure the admiration of all whowill learn of what you have accomplished. I congratulate you and bidyou godspeed."Cordially and sincerely yours,"WOODROW WILSON."It never occurs to the self-mademan that sonie women might wantto marry him With the idea of making a new man of him.Si .nn n Aftl3 Jlplli nF. Wheeler's Specialon a-COOK RANGETo Save fuel you must have the kind oFRange to do this with. Our study for the pasttwenty years has taught us the kind of Rangesto furnish you with.A Beautiful Cast Range, RegularPrice $70.00, A Big Special, For$55.00SUMMER GOODSON OUR FLOORS TO SHOW YOU!New Iceberg RefrigeratorSAVES ICE!You must save ice and to save ice you musthave a New Iceberg- Refrigerator, because it is builtwith thicker walls and will stay closed by itself.LET US SHOW YOU. LOW PRICED.anIf lgB lisBtlJjB?HHEg5M PI I INew Process Gas StovesSAVE GAS!To save gas is an item. Ask your friend that has oneThey are built right They stand the hard use of gas. Let Ifshow you.These Stoves are Low Priced, $18.50 to $84.00Try Trading at Wheeler's You'll Like ItA. F. Wheeler Furniture Co.Main and Tnird Sts.CHAS. GREEN, ManagertOpposite Court HmhVwWr,G"1.wv-X" -.f Ail 70V1THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KT.FJtIDAY, MAY It, lllSkRELIGIOUS., ip.The first Sunday in June will beChildrens' . Day at the Christianchurch, and a large attendance isexpected. The apportionment forDEATHS.POMEROY.Mr. and Mrs. Fred Weckesserhave returned from Elizabeth, WestVirginia, where they have been forthisjday is $250, the offering to go several days during the last illness ofto the Foreign Missionary Society- jThe Women's Society of theChristian church will have an alldaysewing at the Red Cross sewingrooms in the court house next Tuesday All the members are urged tobe. present on that day.-r-The congregation of the SouthernJBresbyterian church at Maysville,voted unanimously to merge withtheiFirst Presbyterian church, andthe" name of the church will betheUnited Presbyterian church. "TheSouthern church will sell its property, amounting to about $40,000, andgiveJhalf to the Southern Synod andlialf -to the United church.The Endeavor Society of thePresbyterian church will meet Sunday evening at 6:45 at the courtTiouse. Subject, "Christian EndeavorFellowship." The following membersare attending as delegates to theState National Convention, now insession at Covington: Miss EleanorLytle, president; Mrs. Z. L. Wilcox,vice-president; Misses Fannie Heller,Elizabeth Crutcher, Josephine Fithian and Lucile Hall. (The interest in the revival meeting which began at the ChristianChurch in this city Monday night"has worked up to a high point evenin the short space of time that haselapsed since the initial sermon. Thepastor. Rev. w. E. iiJiiis, is being as-4sisted by Rev. Castleberry, of Mayfield, whose sermons vare powerful,direct and eloquent. The special music, under the direction of Mr. A. L.Boatright, chorister, is one of thefeatures oC the meeting. The meeting will continue throughout thisweek into an indefinite period. Acordial invitation is extended to thepublic to attend.Rev. Geo. R. Combs, pastor ofthe Paris Methodist church, attendedthe Frankfort District Conference ofthe Methodist church, held at the Mt.Hope church, in Harrison county,Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday ofhis week . The delegates from ParisWho attended were Miss Mabel Galloway, representing the Sunday School;Mr. and Mrs. S. T. Chipley, MissLena Cooper, Miss Janie Current,Rev. N. H. Bradley and Mr. DennisSnapp. The conference was presidedover by Presiding Elder C. F. Oney,of Lexington. Rev. Combs deliveredthe opening sermon of the assembly.Tuesday's sessions were devoted toSunday school work and the EpworthLeague, while the business sessionswere held on Wednesday.Mrs. Weckesser's sister, Miss JeanettePomeroy.Miss Pomeroy, who was in herthirty-seventh year, had been ill forseveral years, being afflicted with acancer. Her death occurred lastweek, the funeral and burial takingplace in Elizabeth last SundayBALLARD,x Mr. Charles Thurston Ballard,aged sixty-eight, died at his homenear Louisville, Wednesday night, after a short illness. Mr. Ballard washead of the Ballard & Ballard Co.,one of the largest flouring milling establishments in the United States.He had been in Paris upon severaloccasions, having lectured here onceon the subject of "The Flag of OurCountry." He was formerly president of the Louisville Board of Tradeand of the Pendenis Club, of Louisville. He had been in failing healthfor some time, but it was not thoughthis sickness was serious.LAST WILL ANDTESTAMENTpOFB. A. PRANK '"I, B. A Frank, being of soundand disposing mind, but knowing 'theuncertainity of life, do make "andpublish this instrument of writing asand for my last will and testament:"1. I direct the payment of mydebts, if any."2. I bequeath to my wife, MabelRussell Frank, to do with as she maydesire, all my property, both real andpersonal, including my one-half interest in the firm of Frank & Company, and my one-half interest in thebuilding occupied by said firm, aswell as all other real estate, stock aridbonds, that I may hold at the time ofmy death. My wife may do with saidone-half interest in the firm of Frank& Company as she may desire, beingat liberty to "continue or 'dispose ofsame as she may elect."3. I hereby direct that the Courtappoint my wife, Mabel RusselLFrank, as executrix of my estate without bond and ask that no accountingof said estate be Tequired of her.B. A. FRANK."Witness :C. T. KENNEY.BENNETT THOMAS.WOOL WANTED.Call and get sacks andtwine. ,R. B. HUTCHCRAFT & CO.(apr30-6t)DICKERSON.The funeral of Mr. Nathan S.Dickerson, aged eighty-two, who diedSunday at his home at Falmouth, following a protracted illness of generaldebility, was held at Falmouth, Tuesday afternoon, with services conducted at the Methodist-church, of whichhe was a member. The burial followed in the Falmouth Cemetery.Mr. Dickerson is survived by hiswidow, who was formerly Miss Riggs,and a native of this city, and by fourchildren, Mr. B. R. Dickerson, ofParis; Mr. J. L. Dickerson, of Lexington; Mrs. Julia Vaughn, of ElPaso, Texas; and Mrs. Kate Hamilton, of Philadelphia.CASH FOR CREAM!Our patrons are more than pleased with the serviceand results by bringing their cream to our buying stationand seeing it weighed and tested; also receiving the highest market price. However small the amount of creamyou have you can see it tested for yourself.CLOSING OUT SHOE STOCKWe are closing out our entiiestock of shoes. Buy now.(3-3t) J. ELVOVE."THE ARRIVAL OF KITTY."The members of the Mothers' Club,of North Middletown will, in the nearfuture, present to the public a cleverfarce in three acts, the cast to bemade up of local talent. The play isentitled "The Arrival of Kitty." Theproceeds of the entertainment will gofor the benefit or the knidergartenclass in which the Club is financially and materially interested.Professional training will be giventhe members of the cast by Mrs. M.M. Bacon, who is coaching the play,with the very best local talent to begathered together. Mrs. Mangus Rashpresident of the Mothers' Club, will-also assist in the management of theplay.The play, "Somewhere In France,"which was recently presented atNorth Middletown by a branch ofthe Ladies' Bible School of the Christian church, was a great success.The entertainment netted the ladiesthe sum of $80 clear of all expenses.The arrangements were in charge ofMrs; Forrest Fightmaster and Mrs.Hedges Rash, assisted by Dr. andMrs. Cook and others.CARNIVAL .BAND TO GIVECERT SUNDAY.CON-0The execellent military band withthe Rubin-Cherry Carnival Company,which will open a week's engagementin this city Monday, will give asacred concert in the court houseyard Sunday afternoon at threeo'clock, according to informationgiven THE NEWS yesterday.The band is composed of sixteenmen, each one anartist in his line,and the program they will present onthis occasion will be one that will appeal to the tastes of music-loveis.There will be a mixture of popularand classic selections in the program.The Carnival Company will arrivehere Sunday morning from Middles-hoio.HUTCHISON.Mrs. Thompson Tarr, of nearParis, received a telegram Wednesday morning from Mrs. Ottie Hutchison Morris, at Palo Alta, California,r stating that her mother, Mrs. BelleHutchison, died there at 10:30o'clock Tuesday morning, after ashort illness.Mrs. Hutchison was eighty-fouryears old. She spent most of herlife in Bourbon county, having beena resident of Paris for many years.She was the widow of Mr, JamesHutchison, a resident of Paris, whoproceeded her to the grave manyyears ago. Mrs. Hutchison was o-neof the older regime of housekeeperswho made the name of Kentucky famous. She had at various timesbeen in charge of noted hotels andsummer resorts in Florida' and otherparts of the country. During herresidence in Paris, Mrs. Hutchisonassisted her daughter, Miss SophiaHutchison, in conducting a millineryestablishment in the room now occupied by the Postal TelegraphCompany's office.Mrs. Hutchison was twice married,her first husband being Mr. Wm.Kennedy, a brother of the late Mr.John B. Kennedy, of Paris. By thisunion she had one child, Miss EmmaKennedy, who survives her. By hersecond marriage she had the following children, Wornall Hutchison,who died in Pittsburg, Pa., manyyears ago; Mrs. Libby Reeves, ofBurbank, Cali.; Mrs. Sophia Truman,of San Jose, Cali., and Mrs. OttieMorris, of San Francisco.The funeral was held in Palo Alta,yesterday afternoon at three o'clock.The interment followed in the PaloAlta Cemetery.p j2iRESOLUTIONS OP RESPECT TOMEMORY OP B. A. FRANK.At a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Bourbon AgriculturalBank and Trust Company, the following appreciation of B. A. Frank wasmade a part of the records of theBank:The untimely death of B. A. Frankhas cast a pall of gloom and sorrownot only over his business associatesbut over the entire community and thecounty, state and nation are distinctly poorer to-day, because of the passing of such a man.B. A. Frank was a broad-minded,generous man of high personal character, a most loyal public spiritedcitizen. His well known integrity,his knowledge of men and his keendiscernment in business matters madehim almost invaluable to this Bankand to all enterprises with which hewas identified. Every member ofthis board, every employe of thisBank feels a deep personal loss andsorrow for we have lost a friendtried and true. To the breaved wifeand son, brothers and sisters we extend our sincere sympathy and maythe consolation that the memory ofa life of unselfish service and thegood name he has left be yours.JNO. T. HINTON,BUCKNER WOODFORD,JiNU. X. UUL.L1JNS,Committee.Cincinnati Creamery Co., Inc.Culbertson's Cash Grocery 1 06 E. 1 Oth St., Paris, Ky.JA,:TJhetPendleton Shop133 EAST MAIN ST., OPP. PHOMNIX MOTEL 'LEXINGTON, KENTUCKY 'We Extend a Cordial Invitationto Visit Our New Store, 'and Solicit YourPatronage 'GOWNSSUITSHATSPUBLIC SALEOFHousehold and Kitchen Furniture.taffe id4dUtVlUr,eonePing' l Wi" Se"' at pUblic aUction'Tuesday, May 14, 1918,wl,ut side board, 12 dining chairs, spinning wheel, two folding leal f'tabtes'bric-a-brac, silverware china, refrigerator, range, washing machine rarlden tools and many other things too numerous to mention. macmne' gar"&irrtFtZJl'a?Idl?Zc be so,d at this saleMRS. S, M. WILMOTH., Sale to T conducted byHABRIS SPe3uES? .. '.1rThe Greatest Mother in all the Worldto all in need; knowing noCTRETCHING forth her hands'favorite, yet favoring all.r Ready and eaer to give first aid to the wounded. Helpingthe little home that's crushed beneath an iron hand by showingmercy in a healthy, human way; rebuilding it, in fact, with stoneonstone; replenishing empty bins and empty cupboards; bringingwarmth to hearts aiwf hearths too long neglected.Seeing all things with a mother's sixth sense that's Windto jealousy and meanness.Reaching exit her hands across the sea to No Man's Landto comfort thousands who must stand and wait in stenched andcrawling holes and water-soaked entrenchments.She's cheering.thotrsands, feeding thousands, healing thousands from her store; the Greatest Mother in all the WorhPtheKiLD CKUSb. fcfiflipns.of loyal Americans will pledge aSfflEofwv, uwuiu o coAiiJugs, uuriug june, Jury, August ana SWhat Will You Do To Help?Red Cross 2nd War Fund May 20-27$100,000,000 moat be raised in AmericaJlwcy oantvgkren to Red Cross War Fund goesfor War Relief.The American Red Cross is the largest and mostefficient otsazrlzation for the relief of suffering thatthe world has-erer seen.It ia made up almost entirely crf.Yolanteer workers, 10000,000 unselfish Americans.wJl fe today fcriSfag relief to saffering humanity,both military and civil, in rery war-torm Alliedcountry.R is there to halp our soldier boys in time ofneed.rBy helping the starving women 'ul children inthe rained districts of Franceaad Hriy it performadkrtfcctly military service. A soiSier who knowsthat Red Cross is helping his family fights w5hrenewed spirit.Thoe does Red Cross help to win the war.Congress authorize itPresident Wilson heads it.The War Department audits its aocormts.Yoor Army, yoor Navy, and your Allies enthusiastically endorse itTwenty-two million Americans have joiaed it.-i1To Help Win The Wart i apace is ratnotically Donated byMITCHELL C& BLAKEMOREj J. W. DAVIS CS, CO.' I. ' .-..43!1Il1 tAXII- 'III::Vrt-. ' I I" ITj; ft&TUESDAY, MAY- 7, 1918. .THE BOURIWN NEWS, PAWS, IT.. '- ."1 s-rT- FRIDAY, MAY 10, 11 A."FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSETOBACCO FERTILIZER.Place your order now.When present supply is soldwill be unable to furnishany more.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(may7-8t)m m mFANCY STRAWBEIOtlESFancy Tennesssee strawberries thatare shipped direct from, the patch.We receive them daily.(It) C. P. COOK & CO. "i5i jfi teBE YE PREPARED.The Red Cross Committee will visityour home during the week of May20-27. Be prepared to subscribevour share to this worthy cause.NEW MANAGER.Nicholas Bohn, of Lawrenceburg hasbeen appointed manager of the JuliusKessler & Co.'s distilling houses nearParis. Mr. Bohn arrived here Tuesday and assumed his duties. He succeeds Mr. J. W. Waterfill, who hastaken a position with the Paris Milling Co. Mr. Bohn will reside on "theDixie Highway" at the Hotel WindCONFEDERATE PENSIONS.In the list of new pensions recently granted to Kentucky Confederate veterans appears the names ofGeorge W. Morrow, of near Glintonville, Bourbon county, and John W.Boulden, of Maysville, a former resident of Millersburg and Paris. SinceFebruary fifty pensioners have diedand eighteen new names added tothe roll.RattPINED AND JAILED.nmKelley Adams, residing near Escondida, was arrested by PatrolmenJudy and Lusk, on a charge of carrying concealed a deadly weapon. Adams was given a hearing beforeCounty Judge George Batterton inhe County Court- He entered a pleaof guilty to the charge, and wasassessed a fine of $25 and given a jailsentence of ten days.REAL ESTATE DEALS.Mr. C. L. Long, of Carlisle, haspurchased a 152-acre farm in Bourbon county, at $280 per acre. Thefarm is situated on the Georgetownpike, near Centerville. The improvements consist of a brick residence andthree new tobacco barns. Mr. Longhas rented the place, and will stillreside in Carlisle.m m m rWE SAVE YOU $1.00 GALLON ONPAINT.We have a limited amount of paintleft that we can save you one dollarDer gallon on. No better paint made.(It) FARMERS SUUPLY CO.WOOL WANTED.SHOWSSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Miss Lyda Conner is a guest offriends in 'Cynthiana.Miss Carolyn Roseberry is aguest of Mrs. Minerva Goodwin, inLexington. 'Mr. Ellett Keller is able to be ,out after being confined to his home 'for several days. . - IMrs. Katherine Davis Craig is a 'guest of' Mr. Bailey D. Berry and jfamily, in Lexington.-'-Mr. I. D.-Thompson, Jr., willleave Sunday for Camp Gordon, onthe Great Lakes, where he will go intraining in the Rifle Division' of theU. S. N.Mrs.- Cassius M. Clay has returned to her home, "Auvergne," nearParis, .after a visit to her ister, Mrs.Samuel Stone, in -the WeissengerGaulbert apartments, in Louisville.Carlisle Mercury: "Miss Elizabeth Veach was in Paris Monday. . . .Mrs. Rudolph Davis, of Paris, spentseveral days this week with hermother, Mrs. M. E. Howse, in thiscity."Mrs. David Mintz and daughter, Miss Berenice Mintz, of NewYork, are guests of Mrs. Mintz'ssister, Mrs. Wm. Shire, and Mr.Shire, at their home on South MainStreet.Dr. and Mrs. A. B. Coons havereturned to their home in Georgetwon, after a visit to their daughter,Mrs. Logan Bryan, and Mr. Bryan, inNorth Middletown.Mrs. James J. Curie has returnedto her home in Cynthiana, after avisit to her sister, Mrs. J. O. Marshall,of Second street' Mrs. , Marshall'smother, Mrs. M. E. Lydick, of Cynthiana, is a guest at the Marshallhome.Miss Janie Marsh, who was operated on recently for appendicitis at"the Massie Memorial Hospital, in thiscity, continues to improve, and willsoon be able to return to her home inEast Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Geo. W. Wilderand son, Mr. Ussery Wilder, of Paris,will leave for Louisville to-morrowto witness the running of the Kentucky Derby at Churchill Downstrack. They will visit relatives inLouisville before returning.flu & N, TIMETABLE CHANGES:,Several changes have been made in.the time of arrival and departure oftrains at this point over the Louis.ville & Nashville. The correctedtable, which will appear in a succeeding issue of THE NEWS, takeseffect next Sunday.No. 34, due here at 5:20 a. m. willarrive at 5:33; No. ,10, due fromRowland, at 7:36 a. m., will arrive at7:30; No. 17, due from Maysville at7:38 a. m., will arrive at 7:35; No.12, due frqm Lexington at10:07 a.m., will arrive at 10:10; No. 33, duefrom Chicago at 10:20 a. m., will arrive at 10:27; No. 138, due from Lexington at 3:15 p. m., will arrive at3:10; No. 32, due from Jacksonville,Fla., at 6:45 p. m., will arrive at8:30; No. 130, due from Lexingtonat 10:25 p. ml, will arrive at 10:20;No. 31, due from Cincinnati at 10:30p. m., will arrive at 10:28; No. 21Q,due from Lexington at 12:30 p. m.,will arrive at 12:50.The following changes have beenmade in the leaving time of trainsfrom this city: No. 34, to Cincinnati,from 5:25 a. m., to 5:41; No. 17, forLexington, from 7:47 a. m., to 7:45;No. 13, for Lexington, from 10:28 a.b., to 10:33; No. 37 for Knoxville,from 10:35 a. m., to 10:13;-No. 35,for Jacksonville, Ela.,from 10:25 a.,m., to 10:35; No. 16, for Maysville,from 6:45 p. m.,to 6:40; No. 32,for Chicago, from 6:50 p. m., to 8:35;No. 131, for Lexington, from 10:37p. m., to 10:35; No. 31, for Atlanta,from 10:33 p. m., to 10:39; No. 210,for Maysville, from 12:35 p. m., to12:55; No. 209, for Lexington, from4:47 p. jm., to 5:45.The following additional trainswill be placed in service, beginningat the same date, Sunday, May 12:No. 151, from Cynthiana, daily, except Sunday, arrive Paris 7:25 a. m.;No. 156, from Maloney, daily exceptSunday, arrive Paris 6:40 p. m.; No.151 leave Paris for Maloney, dailyexcept Sunady 7:40 a. m.; No. 156,leave Paris for Cynthiana, daily except Sunday, 6:45 p. m.MAYOR OF BRISTOL COMMENDSCARNIVAL CO.Mr. Fred Weckesser has returned from Elizabeth, W. Va., where heand his wife attended the funeral ofMrs. Weckesser's sister, Mrs. JeanettePomeroy, who was buried at thatplace on Sunday. Mrs. Weckesser isstill a guest of her mother at Elizabeth. Mrs. Wolford Ewalt, of Stoneravenue", received a telegram statingthat her father, Mr. J. H. Moore,was seriously ill at his home inBrooksville. Mrs. Ewalt left forBrooksville, Wednesday, to be at hisbedside. Mr. and Mrs. Moore hadjust returned to their home inBrooksville after a visit to Mr. andMrs. Ewalt.Mayor E. B. January is in receiptof ' the following telegram fromMayor S. G. Keller, of Bristol,- Tenn.,commending th,e Rubin-Cherry Carnival Co., which will be in Parisnext week, beginning Monday,May 13."Bristol, Tenn., May 8."E. B. January, Mayor, Paris, Ky.Rubin-Cherry Carnival Co., oneof cleanest and straightest. Bestever known here. Absolutely nocomplaint made."S. G. KELLER."For SleA letter to THE NEWS from Mr7Robert S. Porter, of Paris, who is apatient at Norton Infirmary, in Louisville, states that he is greatly improved, following a surgical operation performed some time ago, andthat he hopes to be able to return toParis next Monday. He is not ableto sit up, and too weak to get aroundhis room yet.Thp milifjirv hnll p-ivpii nt Iia. .. .. Wf J UU..... -,..,. W.W ..w seeibach, m L.ouisviiie, Monday even-U!L.f' mo-L-af Tmnt naiH ine- hv thA pnlistptf mpn of the Dr.e Dl -t rf c91rc Barrow Base Hospital Unit No. 40,tor WOOl. nenty or sactts was a7nost enjoyable affair, attendedand twine at Olir mule barn by about three hundred' guests fromc i.U Af:m QfwAof different parts of the Gluegrass. Iton DOUttl rviam.J,:ri1r,l -was in the nature of a farewell to theCAYWOOD & McCLINIULK. Hospital Unit, the members of which(anriy-imj cpct. lvj icac duuu iu uuij u-P3 fc PC seas, aiiu wits a,nnnroniofDl anil"WTR TTANfiOCK BUYS GOOD VNh. the men. Anioncompliment muchgreatly enjoyed bythe chaneroneswere Mr. and Mrs. Frank Clay andweie iui. itiiu Mia. riuiin. jix,y o-nuAt the annual spring sale of thor- airs j t. Brown, of Paris. Amongj n-u T nvlrtcrt rrt Wpd- a anli'otofl won Ta rtlninn tin f in flipthe enlisted men participating in thet.i j 1. U Tnvimrtnn WPflougooreas iieiu 0.1, -wot .- -- 0 -j i v.. TTpnnMrv Snips Co.. nleasures of the evening: were the fol. . . ... u f ttoi nf lnwin? from this r.itv and countv:forty-eight iCMWiu u. - n " "rl anmuel S. Dick. Rav kS16 250 1 ne UlgUeSL pilu a.ni""- - -r 1 jv .- . .. . m :a caxreir,. TT'finllrnPTv Thos. E. Gilmore. Clarencesold at ttie saie was j.i.ihu, ov-. ----; '--.: . v .' z .vpar-old chestunt mare, which was W. Harney, Julian a. mgeis; privatesi 1 - . 11 U WV1MIMV III I ll.rLl l nilUlULLt iJUtJllV Wt ilVilVllpurcttasea oy w. - - -, - R ArUe R gtewY ir. .!. ,oa nrt Alvin Thomnson. (Jlarence vvna-Mr Arthur B Hancock of Paris, who ley! William Baldwin Woods, Russellbought 'wateV Bell a'bay mare by E. Caldwell, Emile Buchanan, Jno H.Waterbov Hamburg Belle, and a Aioran, xnos. i. nicuwu, nwuwi i.one ofhe" brood mares belong- Tios. Prichard and Alvin Thompsoning to the parsons esiaie.r m m mHUBIN AND CHERRYDOMING.Tyrone chnws such as circuses andcarnivals, have visited Paris, but itis said by Mr. Sam Ach, the advance?gent of the Rubin & Cherry shows,v.ho has been here with the famousRobinson Shows, also K. G. BarkootShows, which' have been the bestt-hows we have had up to date, thatthey are no comparison to the Rubin& Cherry Shows, of which the A. J.Lovely Co., No. 40, K. of P-.gf;can be very proud of securing forthe benefit of the Red Cross.This is the best, biggest and mostup-to-date show of this kind on theroad this year. They " ii wSunday, coming from Middlesboro.where the shows are on: the mainstreets, covering four acres of grQa.There are eighteen paid attractions,50 concession stores, merry-go-roundFerris wheel, merry widow swingsand that ?40,000.00 "Whip, firsttime in Paris. . rThey are traveling on their ownfecial train of fifteen seventy-footcars. Meet the show train. Grandfree band concert, two hours afterarrival. Four hundred show people.just think of it! .If you have furnished rooms, letit be known. , , ,.This will be 'the first big. real biggala week Paris ever had, and all toassist our Red Cross Chapter.We must have a helping hand fromevery parson in Pari.I will sell at public auction at myhome on Stoner Avenue, on Wednesday, May 15, a fine lot of householdoods, furnishings, carpets, handsomeitchen gas range, etc.(10-2t) MRS. E. B. HEDGES.LOSTBetween the Power Grocery Co.and the M. J. Murphy Transfer Co.'soffice, a book containing ?18.00 inbills, together with several papers.Reward for return to this office.(10-tf)ere members of the Floor Committee.(Other Personals on Page 5.)m 1 USMATRIMONIAL.VJONES DAVISMr. and Mrs. Pelham Jones, ofMillersburg, announce the engagement of their daughter, Miss LucyFleet Jones, to Mr. Frank John Davis,of Millersburg, and lately of Lima, N.Y. The marriage will be a lovelyevent of June.The bride-elect is charming andottrarHta She is a former studentof voice at the Cincinnati College ofMnaio an'd is now teaching in Lancaster, S. C. Mr. Davis is highly esteemed as a successful business man.He is a graduate of Colgate University and is n6w a member of ' thefaculty of the Millersburg MilitaryInstitute.POPULAR TRACK OFFICIALDuring the Lexington races anobesrvant photographer espied JohnTrpiand. of Paris, in close conversation with E. R. Bradley, prominentturfman, and promptly "snapped"them. The photo was reproduced onthe sporting page of the CincinnatiEnquirer in a recent issue.Mr. Ireland is a brother of Mrs.Mary Ireland Davis, of Paris, and isa popular track official. During thewinter he was one of the track judgesat the Havana-meeting. - ,j.Q. R. SPlayerRolls, A Little Bit of Sunshine.China, We' Owe a Lot toYou.Bring Back the Kaiser toMe.Liberty Bell.I'm All Bound Round.I'm Going to Follow theBoys.Undertaker Blues.I'm Always Chasing Rainbows.KodaksVictrolasand SuppliesDaughertyBros.Fifth and MainWar-Time Economy Sals!Notwithstanding the constantly increased cost ofmerchandise, we are still able to offer the followingvery interesting values:;. Ready-to-Wear SpecialsWe have assembled the season's choicestSuits, Coats and Dresses for this sale. Thestyles and shades are right up to the minute.Regular $22.50 and $25.00 Values,Economy Sale price $ 1 77Regular.$30.00 and $35.00 Values,Economy Sale price $24.75Regular $45.00 and $50.00 Values,Economy Sale price $39.50Economy Sale SpecialOne lot of Embroideries, regular12 l-2c quality, per yard 9cEconomy Sale Specials inCorsetsOne special lofrof "American Lady"Corsets, regular $3.00 and $3.50values at $2 ,?QRegular $2.00 and $2.50 values" at$ 1 79Regular $1.25 and $1.50 values at....9ScEconomy Sale SpecialBed Spreads, regular $2.50 values,-each $ 1 .69Economy Sale SpecialCurtain Net, regular 35c and 40cquality, per yard 22 1 -2cTrimmed Hats at Special PricesEvery idea and style represented in thisgrouping, including the wanted colors andblacks.$3.00 Values, Economy Sale price.. $2.39$4.00 Values, Economy Sale price.. $3. 29$5.00 Value's, Economy Sale price.. $3.98$6.00 Values, Economy Sale price.. $4.98$7.50 Values, Economy Sale price .. $5.98$10.00 Values, Economy Sale price. .$7.98.Economy Sale. Specials inHosiery.Ladies' Silk Hose, regular 50c values,colors, black and white, pair 39cLadies' Silk Hose,regular 75c values, pair 69cLadies' Silk Lisle Hose,regular 50c values, pair 39cEconomy Sale Special.One lot of Laces, regular 5c quality,your choice, per yard 2 1 -2cEconomy Sale Special.Silk Petticoats, regular $2.50 values,at $1.98Economy Sale Special.Bridal Long Cloth, regular $2.50quality, 10 yds to bolt, a bolt. .-$1 .98r1 0 1 C" 1 One Lot Lace Curtains II t rtconomy bale opecial values uP to $4.50, at Hair rnceThis Sale is Now Going On! This Sale is For Cash Only!HARRY SIMONMAIN STREET 224-228 W. MAIN ST-PARIS, KY. LEXINGTON, KY.awwwwwwwi Ifi ri iI I;3 if1 I1 - .... 1i E-i E''mE are showing the most extensiveJ and beautiful line of Wall Decorations we have ever shown. TheseWall Papers were purchased before thebig advances. We can surely saveyou money, in addition to giving youthe very latest and newest patterns,and would be pleased to have you calland inspect our offerings.THE J. T. HINTON CO.:'A itft, "ji ? ,Ji4i c nV. it9 f4 .f 'x S'2? - .-fc?mi'A WT-tifilfiXTTTOIHTSOi.t, MAY 14, U18.THE BOUXBON NEWS, P ARIS, KY.V1iI 'iAfDliIFiIrwKfli WMm - fyJyBL Vlf S L&'B ?T aaaaaanaT liaaaaaVH I 1 jr aaaaaWYV i IM AtftSfi'T aaaaaLaaaaaaaaaamvw . aaLsXaVvsaaaaaYlB' -x .0VxTrB aaaaaaaaalaafK. aaaaaaar wSM am fWjmmjl . y v KHelpsteeth,breathappetite .digestion."Give it fo me;Please Grand-INdaddy- j"Why Bobby ifyou wait a bit forit you'll have itto enjoy longer!""Poo-poo! That'sno argument withWRIGLEY5'cause the flavorlasts, anyway rAfter every meal(ftoilHl'HILafeJ::GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, KLet Us Serve You!This company is a public servant in a greater capacity thanother utilities, such as railroad, the gas or electric light andpower companies, because it serves you day and nght oftentimes in matters of extreme importance. The doctor, the policsor the fire department are immediately summoned by our rapidservice. We give you prompt connection with the trades-peoplepv your triends.HAVE YOU A PHONE? ' .' ' 'iThe cost is reasonable and is something few people canafford to do without. We are a home insttitution and are vitally interested in the town's welfare. We can help you. Youcan help us. Let's get together.Paris Home Telephone 8 Telegraph Go.J. J. VEATCH,District Manager.(Incorporated)W. H. CANNON,Ieal Manager.WantedMale Help(Age 16 Years or Over)Machine NailersHand NailersWood WorkingMachine Menv' . and Laborers forBox FactorySteady work. Good wages. Excellent factory conditions. Half holiday Saturdays witH pay.Apply a nca, SuperintendentMENGEL BOX COMPANYHtcareaATE12th ami Ormsby LOUISVILLE, KY.NOTED CHICAGO WQMAHIES-IJIiORIDA?6 ?-vSARATOGA, FliA., May 9. Mrs.Potter Palmer, of Chicago, died lateSunday night of pneumonia at herwinter home here. She was taken illseveral days ago and members of herfamily were summoned to ner bedside. The body will be taken to Chicago for burial. Mrs. Palmer wasborn in Louisville, Ky., the daughterof Mr. and Mrs. Henry Honore. After she was graduated from a conventschool in Georgetown, Ky., she wasmarried to Politer Palmer, of Chicago,by the late Elder J. S. Sweeney, whowas the pastor of a church in Chicago, afterwards a resident of Paris,Ky. Elder Sweeney also baptizedMr. and Mrs. Palmer who becamemembers of his church.Mrs. Palmer soon became a socialleader in Chicago, and, in 1891, waselected president of the Board ofWoman Managers of Chicago Exposition. In 1900, she was appointedthe only woman member of the National Commission for the Paris Commission and was awarded the Crossof the Legion of Honor by the Frenchgovernment for the work she did inFrance. Her husband died May 4,1902. For years Mrs. iPalmer hadspent her winters at her home here,which is considered one of the mostbeautiful in Florida.fcl !i S3HOW'S THIS?We offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of Catarrh thatremdy for Catarrh. Hall's CatarrhMedicine.Hall's Catarrh Medicine has beentaken by satarrh sufferers for thepast thirty-five years, and has become known as the most reliableremedy for Catarrh. Hall's CatarrhMedicine acts through the Blood onthe Mucous surfaces, expelling thePoison from the Blood and healingthe diseased portions.After you have taken Hall's Catarrh Medicine for a short time youwill see a great improvement in yourgeneral health. Start taking Hall'sCatarrh Medicine at once and get,rid of catarrh. Send for testimonials, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by all Druggists, 75c.;:ii&z vi .Uf'ffCONVICTED COVINGTON MANSENTENCED TO DEATH.COVINGTON, KY., May 9. JamesLawler, 39, convicted of the murderof Andrew Nordmeyer, director of theNiath Ward Building Association inCovington, Ky., was sentenced to beelectrocuted in the Eddyville (Ky.)penitentiary on June 14. The sentence Avas pronounced Monday afternoon by Circuit Judge F. M. Tracy.Lawler, when asked if he had anything to say why sentence should notbe passed upon him, replied, "No."Patrick Kearney, convicted of themurder of John Rehm, also a director of the building association,was sentenced last week to be electrocuted on June 7.Nordmeyer and Rehm were mur-'dered the night of March 5, whenbandits raided the building association's headquarters.CAUSE OF HEADACHE.By knowing the cause, a diseasemay often be avoided. This is particularly true of headache. Themost common cause of headache is adisordered stomach or constipation,which may be corrected by taking afew doses of Chamberlain's Tablets.Try it. Many others have obtainedpermanent relief by taking theseTablets. They are easy to take andmild and gentle in effect.(adv-may)1 MAnd even if a woman did get soshe looked just like a picture in afashion magazine she wouldn't behappy until she looked like something worse.IS 3 3ABOUT RHEUMATISM.Rheumatism causes more pain andsuffering than any other disease, forthe reason that it is the most common of all ills, and it is certainlygratfying to sufferers to know thatthere is a remedy that will afford relief, and make rest and sleep possible. It is called Chamberlain's Liniment. (adv-may)j .E. M. WHEELED 'ft3.3 - y.BIGRUG SPECIALA CAR LOAD OF RUGSBOUGHT AT THE RIGHT PRICEThese rugs must be turned into money quick, though, forus to get out on them, hence the bargain " prices we offer.Room Size Rugs in Floral and ConventionalDesigns.Also a beautiful line of Progress Sanitary All-metal Refrigerators in white, green and oak finished steel. All white enameled in- ,side. Prices ranging to stiit every buyer.Also a Beautiful Line of Iron Beds Just ReceivedSomething to Suit Every Household.E. M. Wheeler Furniture CompanyROBNEEL BUILDING, COR. EIGHTH AND MAIN STREETSSDO .YOU ENJOY LIFE?rA man in, good physical conditionis almost certain to enjoy life, whilethe bilious and dyspeptic are despondent, do not enjoy their meals andfeel miserable a good share of thetime.' This ill feeling is -nearly always unnecessary. A few doses ofChamberlain's Tablets to tone up thestomach, improve the digestion andregulate the bowels is all that isneeded. Try it.' (adv-may)-iOPOncDropBourbon Poultry Remedydown 9 chicle's win Jpipe fYTDC'GA feyr drops In the 5?Y52arinKing water cuies IrzafrSSdiarrhoea, cholera and other chickdiseases. One 50-cent bottle makes12 gallons of medicine. At druggists or by mail postpaid. Valuable poultry book free on request.IIUIIOI IEIEIT 60., LulBttM, Ky.MARGOLEN'SALL FRUITSVEGETABLESFISHAND MEATS ;are kept inside our store inseparate refrigerators ev:erything screened and freefrom dust and (lies.Buy where edibles arekept in a sanitary man- fner. Our service isprompt. ;You Don't Have toStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRangerNow is the Timeto Figure on YourSpring PaintingANDPaperingLet Us Make an Estimate for You Before Placing Your Order, CallUs Over Home Phone 399.KANE BROS.aaaawB !i' H " "4 Hii VThe Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.West.5 Street7--m UFJi tvtsffli"1 ..sZr. rKrixifftw y ir-&!? f-i-j&3-- , r;i' 3g&zSatisfaction is OarWatchwordWith all' the latest improvements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we are preparedto do work inferior tonone, and solicit yourpatronage.A beautiful line of Garlands on dlalay. Comt In and look thtm ovar.Bourbon Laundry,Parish Kentucky.vKUlYlflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketvParis Gas & Electric Co. I(InoorponiUd)-J 4vFRIDAY, MAY 10. iti.HB BOURBON NEWS, PARIKY,"" rjrwzrKx -'"-'- '--g" "'- -vKRECAPITULATION' OP LOCAL LIBERTY LOAN PIGURES.The final figures in the total sales0f the Third Liberty Loan Bonds inRourbon County, which closed May4 show a total of $600,700 worth ofbonds were disposed of, exceeding"Bourbon's allotment of $380,000 ofe bonds by $220,700. A fineshowing for this county which has also exceeded the allotment on bothprevious issues of the bonds. Thesales as handled by the differentbanks, also outside subscriptions, aregiven below:Bourbon - Agricultural Bank& Trust Co $189,600Peoples Deposit Bank &Trust Co. 145,000First National Bank 76,550Fanners & Traders Bank 37,600Deposit Bank, North Mid-dletown 58,750Farmers Bank, Millersburg. 45,000Exchange Bank, Millersburg 33,750Farmers Bank, Clintonville 8,500Total subscriptionsthrough banks $594,700Subscriptions made by citizens of Bourbon County,payable at banks outsidethe county $ 5,950Total $600,700Since last AugueBt, 1918, when theFirst Liberty Loan Bonds were sold,Bourbon County has subscribed totalfunds of $1,610,700 to the three Liberty Loan Bond Sales and War Savings and Thrift Stamps sales as follows: First Liberty Loan $390,000Second Liberty Loan 450,000Third Liberty Loan 600,700Thrift Stamps to date 170,000Mr. Buckner Woodford, Chairmanfor Bourbon County, has received thefollowing telegram from State Chairman, J. W. Stoll, extending his thanksfor the magnificent showing made byBourbon County in the Third LibertyLoan campaign just closed :Mr. S toll's Telegram:Lexington, Ky., May 6, 1918.Buckner Woodford, Chairman.Paris, Ky.On behalf of the Central LibertyLoanCommittee I wish to thank youand your associates for the splendidwork done in the Third Liberty LoanCampaign. Please express to all ofthe organizations and individuals whoassisted our sincere appreciation.Personally I have not words to express my feeling. The anxiety andresponsibility have been very heavy,and by your splendid work you haverelieved me of it and I thank yousincerely. It looks now as if our areawill show the best results of any inthe Fourth District.J. W. STOLL, Chairman.An oversubscription in BourbonCounty and of $4,295,850 in the Kentucky division of the Fourth FederalReserve district that was the response to the Third Liberty Loancampaign.The district raised $13,877,750,according to the report given outSaturday night by Chairman J. W.Stoll and every county of the fiftysix in the Kentucky division wentove the top" in the campaign. The'quota for the district was $9,581,900.Kenton County, which has beenholding second nlace in the camnaijmfrom the beginning, was replaced by.ampoeu county wnen the reportswore received Saturday night. Theformer raired $1,436,900, wh'leCampbell turned in su ascriptionsamounting lo $1,178,600.Bourbon County secured seventh-place an-ong the Kentucky counties.m Following is a list of the Lexingtondistrict counties and the amount oftheir subscriptions:Bath $ 125,850Bourbon 600,700Claik 390,000Garrard 215.500Harrison 403,100Jessamine 344,750Madison 366,550Montgomery 250,200Nicholas 150,800Scott 579,850Woodford 375,700Bell 272.350Boone 2i2.250Boyd 659,650Bracken 301,850Breathitt 130,600Campbell 1,478,600Carter 111,900Clay 31,900Elliott 10,350Estill 90,350Fleming 17,200Floyd 102,950Grant 207,600Greenup 78,100Harlan 218,300Jackson 1 25,600Johnson 120,350Kenton 1,436.900Knott 10,600Knox 99,150Laurel 69,400Lawrence 71,750Lee 36,450Leslie 8,750Letcher 160,000Lewis 58,000Lincoln 218,700McCreary 3,800Magoffin 25,950Martin 7,900Mason 582,450Menifee 100Morgan 46750Owsley 14,350Pendleton 227,100Perry 165,400Pike '262,900Powell 45,000Pulaski 304,100fiobertson 40,150Rockcastle 46,250Rowan 28,600Whitley 169,350Wolfe , 30,750The totals for the eounties with.$400,000 or more in bond sales forthe third liberty loan at the closingof the headquarters yesterday were:Payette county $1,959,000.00Campbell county 1,771,850.00Kenton countyl 1,575,000.00Boyd county 801,100.00Bourbon county 590,150.00Mason county 582,450.00Scott county 579,850.00Harrison county 430,000.00Clark county- - 406,300.00Madison county- 402,650.00When a fellow is satisfied to takethings as,-they come, things don't2seem to come his way.! ..,, ' "I" 'jj The 'Successor to Butter . HSSliiBtItM vilv -' 'Made From the White Meatof Tropic CoconutsWHILE European countries have long used butter made fromcocoanuts, America has perfected the de luxe product. Theflavor of Troco is only rivaled by the finest dairy product. Themore critical 3011 are the better you will appreciate the quality of Troco.Your enjoyment of this new delicacy is increased by the thought of its appetizing ingredients. The fat from the same dainty white cocoanut meat youuse. shredded on cake and pure pasteurized milk is an appealing-combination.The fastidious care used in every process of making is another recommendation. The makers of Troco specialize in this one product.1. --miHigh Nutritive ValueTroco, like butter, is invaluable energyfood of the highest nutritive value. It isequally digestible and easily assimilated.It is not a substitute for butter, but reallybutter's successor, solving the butter problem for millions.Old laws, made before this great discovery, compel us to label it as an oleomargarine, but Troco contains no animal oilsand no preservatives it is made only fromvegetable fats and milk wholesome, natural ingredients. A capsule of the samevegetable coloring used by butter makerssupplied with every carton by your grocer.VJudge It for Quality AloneTroco wins users on quality alone. Youshould judge it from-this standpoint only.Compare it to the finest creamery butter youhave ever used. Serve it without explanation. The unanimous verdict will be "Pleasepass the Troco."TROCO NUT BUTTER COMPANY, Milwaukee, Wis.B. A. BRINKER CO., Cincinnati, 0.Distributors9WASHINGTON TELLS STORYTHE LIBERTY LOAN.orWASHINGTON, May 9. For thethird time within a year the Americanpeople have heavily oversubscribed awar credit.As the third Liberty Loan was closing Saturday night, the Treasury announced the loan had been an "overwhelming success."Athough $3,000,000,000 was theformal goal of the campaign, officialreports, including only a small proportion of Saturday's avalanche ofpledges, showed the total as$3,203,655,400 and there were indications that the aggregate would beincreased to nearly $4,000,000,000next week when banks have time to'tabulate the multitude of last minutesubscriptions.The exact result of the campaignprobably will not be. known until latethis week.Official estimates place the numberof subscribers at between 12,000,000and 15,000,000 jfar, above the10,0007000 of the second loan or4,500,000 of the first-and somesffirit Axrvrefised the belief that thetoU of bond buyers would be evengreater, xo uiem wuu was one ux wiomost encouraging features of theloan. .. . . .All twelve xederal reserve districts,which' were the largest campaignunits," oversubscfiBe'd, and the majority of the States made the samerecord. Delaware doubled its quota.to 1st sftThe nation's hundred largest banksare no longer confined to one sectibn.The report of the controller of thecurrency shows that they are scattered over 24 States.Some people couldn't tell the truthif they tried, others can't tell itwhen they hear it. 4 'Environment is everything. Youcan't expect to act as a chambermaidto a mule and smell like a rose.1 m teaA Prohibitionist is as great anenemy to society as a burglar, andis a great deal more of a nuisance.A man never thinks of practicingeconomy to the extent that' he neverwastes any words.t feMost fellows are apt to tell a girlshe is a dream, but it isn't every onethat wakes up.Columbia Grafonolas9Columbia Grafonola No. A, $18.00?3 V 1'BSTplsSBBBSpBBBBBBBBBBMiIW.fet?HBsr.Columbia Grafonola No. B, $30.00?Painting Time Is Here!Don't Let Your Property Decay For theWant of Paint.It is a waste of good money to buy cheap paintWe sell the Sherwin-Williams Paint have sold ithere for forty years. We can fill all your wantsto he found in a high class paint establishmentWe do your painting rightColumbia Grafonola No. C, $45.00ARDERY DRUG COMPANY410 MAIN STREET PARIS, KENTUCKYWall Paperand Paper Hanging.-' VC. A. DAUGHERTYFifth and Main StreetsSend That Next Job off Printing to ThoBourbon News. Best Work; Right PricesIM?iaTHJE.&OURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY;Jl .'-, .ifFRIDAY, MAT 10, 1918.TACffi EIGHT'Jivj-JwI IHI t4-l-H l"M 1 1 1 t't !H H t 't 1 1 1111 1 1 1 1 1 1ComingAttractions,"- ''VAAND ALAMO,vr;THEPARISGRAND2!0I The J. T. Hinton Co.ft,-HrmA.-rfiiUNDERTAKERSAND EMBALMMRSritMainand SixthStreets -Paris Ky.Day phone 36Nisht : . . 56or Home 286Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.$-3- ,-n". i- - .-) .. ,: '. ' " Y I I Lifr'i'i'-iHj'i"M4''i'-i"r':'4-i"i''i''i''i'-MILLERSBURG.May 10th, which will he commencement Sunday of the M. C. A number of speakers will be present, andwe hope to raise a good part of theassessment on that date. Our lastassessment was $1,200. The comingone will be $3,000. Let everybodyprepare for it, and make up theirminds what they are going to do.Remember the amount must be raised! And let's face the situation atonce.Mr. Joseph Andrew Miller, agedeighty-seven, died Monday at noon after a lingering illness of general debility. Mr. Miller was one of the mostprominent citizens of Millersburg.He was a son of the late Mr. AlexDr. W. M. Miller returned yes"terOay from Atlanta, Ga., where heias been at the sick bed of his sister,iMc. R. P. Milam.- The Red Cross Committee willvisit your home during the week ofSlay 20-27. Be prepared to subscribe your share to this worthy- .cause.Misses Mona and Buelah Saunters have returned to their schooltfhit-.ifks n.t flip Millftrshiirc Cnlleere af-"tef a visit to their parents in Flem-' Miller, and a grandson of John Mil--ingsburg.ler, the founder of Millersburg. In; Rev. G. R. Combs, of Paris, will early life he was an extensive farmer,'give a lecture-recital at M. C. Audi- , After giving up the farm he moved toiorium on Friday evening, May 17, i Millersburg, where he opened a grounder the auspices of the W. C. T. eery. After the fire of 1884, atTJ. The proceeds will be used for the which time a large part of the busipurchase of a Liberty Bond. His .ness section of Millersburg' was de-'.sciMject-willbe "Folk Lore and Moun- stroyed, he formed a partnership'taia Ballads." j with Mr. R. P. Milam, the firm be-Mrs. Barnett, of this city, will ing known as Miller & Milam. Theiropen, a summer school in shorthand-and typewriting in Sharpsburg inJune. Mrs. Barnett was formerly"Misfi Maude Spear and taught inSharpsburg for some time. She ishighly recommended as an instructor."She will begin her classpupils.business was largely extendedSome years later Mr. Milam retiredfrom the firm, his interest havingbeen purchased by Mr. J. A. Butler,the firm then being known as Miller& Butler. They erected the brickwith ten building on Main street, now owned, by the Odd Fellows Lodge, the OperaThe Girls' Glee Club of theTransylvania University at Lexing- j'ionl, gave a concert in Millersburg"TTuesday evening at the Millersburg"Military Institute. They were entertained after the concert by Maj. andivirs. C. M. Best. As the Glee Club2ia& gone to Millersburg by automo- ."hile they were enabled to return to"Lexington the same evening. jLet everbody hear Dr. Wilkinson"to-night (Friday) at M. M. I. Auditorium. He comes in a free lecture,Tinder the auspices of Amity Lodge,ISfo. 40, F. and A. M. Dr. Wilkin-'son is not a stranger in our midst, jSe has been here a number of times.He is one of the busiest men in Lex-'inswra. ana now engagea m wok j . w interest over to Mr. A. S. Best,for the lied Cross. His lecture will,Atfathe time of Ms retirement theoe worm juui time, auu tuuae wiiu , usiness was prosperous. Mr.Tail to hear him will miss a rare ' enjoyed the comf0rts of aTHE SICK. Mrs. America Butler continues very low and her death"is expected at any time; Mrs. M. EHouse occuDyine: the second floor,They operated their business in thenow vacant store room which for several years was occupied by the drygoods store of Corrington & Smedley.During the panic, from 1893 to 1896,this firm closed out their business.Later Mr. Miller opened a small hardware store in connection with stovesand tinware, in his property on thesouthwest corner of Fourth and Main,streets. The business soon becomeprosperous, and as time went on heenlarged his stock. A few years laterhe took in his nephew, Mr. A. S. Best,as a partner, who had resided sincechildhood in his family.About three years ago Mr. Millerretired from active business1 life, turn-.IVIartin is confined to her bed again;Mr. James Clever is improving; Mr."William Clever, who has been suffering with blood poison, is also improv- jIng; Mr. Earl Hill, who has been confined to his bed for several days, issable to sit up a little; Mrs. Fannie'"Norton continues about the same.The spring and summer RedvCroas will begin. Sunday evening,Millerenjoyed tne comioris or a reared life, and the pleasure of his numerous friends. When quite a bachelor he was united in marriage toMiss Sarah Best, of near Masoncounty, who survives him. Theirmarried life was a happy one, thoughtheir union was blessed with no children. When quite a young man, heunited with the Methodist churcti, ofwhich he has been a faithful member. Mr. Miller was a progressiveman, interested in everything for thegood and upbuilding of his town,community and county. A number ofH7-lI1- trHifIII1If You are Thinking About aPipeless Furnaceand want it properly installedlet us figure with you.Satisfaction ' guaranteed, We areagents for the Laurel Furnace.r None better.lIiitWe art also txcluslvt agents for thtVIKING CREAM SEPARATORSCall and Itt us show thtm to you.LOWRY&MAY; . i i ii m, i m :Friday, May ,10thLADIES' AND GOVERNMENT DAYtwo Sadies will be admitted for one admission, plus the war tax.CHARLES RAYin new Paramount Comedy-Drama ; f'The Family Skeleton''"with'an all-star cast.King Baggott and Marguerite Snow Inthe 9th episode ofTTriE EAGLE'S EYE'. Saturday, May 11thPathe Pictures PresentsBryantWashburnIN"TWENTY-ONE"By George Eandolph Chester.Bis V Comedy .."ROOMS AND RUMORS"Hearst-Pathe News No.32.Monday, May 12thMaryPickf ordIN"Stella Maris"A Great Artcraft Picture, by William J.Locke.A Rattling Good Mack Stnnett Comedy"THOSE ATHLETIC GIRLS"PricesAt the Alamo Children5c war tax ic; Adults 13c war tax 2c.At the Paris Grand -Children 5c-war tax lc; Adult 13c-war tax 2c.Colored persons, Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 10c-war tax lc.Coming All Next Week-ComingRUBIN & CHERRY SHOWS!THE BARNUM & BAILEY OF ALL CARNIVAL SHOWSAuspices A. J. Lovely Company, K. of P., No. 34. Benefit Red CrossCommencing Monday May 13th, to Saturday, May 18thSIX BIG DAYS SIX BIG NIGHTSThrough the Trenches a Monopoly of the World'sMonkey Speedway my?oa5ayucahretatown Greatest At tr a ctions !Motordromespider Giriiam 2 Big Brass Bands 21918 Model Super-Sensationalized WHIP-THE-WHIP,Musical RevueOne Ringr CircusJoyland FunFactoryDixieland MinstrelsCrystal MazeHawaiian VillageEuropean Flea Circusthe Joy Ride SupremeWANTED 100 FURNISHED ROOMS!Put Out Your Signs !Grand Free Band Concert Sunday EveningBy the Carnival Band,times he has served as a member ofthe city council, and has always beenactive in all of the local option campaigns of the past.He was a director in the Millexlburg Ce,metery Co. and an omcendhfthe Methodist church for fifty yearEBesides his wife he is survived bytwo sisters, Mrs. Martha Savage, ofSan 'Francisco, Cal., and Mrs. America Butler, who is now in a dyingcondition. Mr. Miller was a prominent Confederate soldier in the CivilWar, serving four-years in the regiment of Gen. John Hunt Morgan, under Col. W. C. P. Breckinridge, and iuntil the last three years has attended the Confederate veterans' reunions. He was a prominent factor inthe establishment of the ConfederateHome at Pewee Valley. He washigood neighbor, a valiant friend, anda loving husband.The funeral was held Wednesdayat three p. m. at the Methodistchurch, with services conducted byhis pastor, Rev. J. D. Redd, assistedby Rev. F. W. Watts, of Winchester.The active pall-bearers were:J. A. Butler, James McClure, Col. 3.M. Best, A. S. Miller, W. A. Butlerand Dr. C. B. Smith. Honorary pallbearers: W. M. Layson, M. M.Bowles, Chas.vMeng, Capt. Ed. Taylor, C. C. Leer, Capt. James Rogers,Horace Taylor, J. S. Clarke, John W.Boulden and E. P. Thomason.T!5l IS JSYou may have noticed that the One redeeming feature about the When a man gets a six-page letterhousewife who is kept too busy to tightwad is that he isn't always from his wife he doesn't read it. Hethink about nervous prostration coming around bothering you to lend looks at the P. S. at the bottom andnever has it. him money. finds out why she wrote him.firB--4 FIREInsure witHW.O. HINTON &SON,Agtsto toHOME BURNS WHILE PARENTSARE VISITING SICK BOY.While they were at the sick bedside of their son, Aaron Smith, atthe Harrison Hospital, in Cynthiana,Wednesday morning the home of Mr.and Mrs. Otis Smith, a short distance froni Shadynook, in Harrisoncounty, was totally destroyed by fire.All the household effects and clothing of the family were consumed inthe flames. Young Smith was severely injured in an automobile accident on the Millersburg pike, nearCynthiana, Sunday night, aiid hadbeen taken to the hospital.Two neighbor boys went to theSmith home, in the absence of thefamily, in order to attend to the milking. They started a fire in a coar oilstove to heat water to clean the milkseparator. It is supposed the staveexploded. A high wind fanned the1lam.es, which destroyed the honie.Fire, Wind and . LightnlfiInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.t BIRTHS.At the Massie Memorial Hosripital, in this city, to the wife, of Mr,A. J. Carroll, of Fifteenth street, adaughter.Single men, may ha.ve to borrowtrouble. But married men hivetrouble'thrust upon them 'T vBeauty andEconomyGo HandIn Hand!$f& c$h UVER,Never before&Zz&im?fM71 3 'JjLsJ"ll -Trr Ti-"i -' i I J" JJ'sTtZ"'IWft-Vt'cB.ml u 'have such magnificent footwear never such style and quality beenoffered. All Fashion's latest decrees for this Spring's correct dressers on sale tomorrow (Saturday) at a fraction oftheir cost. You can readily understand that buying forcash, not only for our retail stores, but for our mammothwholesale house, gives us a purchasing power unequaledanwhere, making us the absoluteSHOE CENTERFOR ECONOMYCome in tomorrow', be correctly shod for Spring at a bigsaving.. tJust a Few of the Many BargainsLadies' Mahogany Tan Boots"and OxfordsLadies' Gray Boots andPumpsLadies' Black English Boots andOxfordsLadies' Assorted Shoes, Oxfordsand Pumps$3.9S$3.49$2.99$1.95Men's Dark Tan English Shoes andOxfords, Walk-OverMen's Tan and Black Shoes andOxfords, good makesMen's Gun Metal Button o Jnand Lace Shoes . . . .$Z.43'Boys' Gun Metal Lace and tl OOButton Shoes $1.99'$5.00$3.49$2.99$1.79All the Leading Colors in the Latest StylishLADIES' HIGH GRADE BOOTS, OXFORDS AND PUMPSAT THE LOWEST PRICESDAN COHENWhere Beauty and Economy ReignParis' Greatest Shoe Store&J i-'X-jrr-"