JrBOURBON.--' iv-uJL- j6aWli&-2i4tfa-THENEWS"5sf, ct ; v i?sr?.'? v"-& . - - 'a jto;rff JL--- -fmi-V'zri aft 4. f rsI "V,'t ?&VK-?PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN' THE YEAR.' M.VOLUME2XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JULY 9, 1918&,tX'-4:4,,-iTATAI "DEAD MAN'S CURVE"CLAIMS MOKE VICTIMS"Dead Man's Curve," three andone-half miles from Lexington, onthe Maysville and Lexington pike,claimed more victims Saturday night,when a car driven by E. A.Rector, afarmer of near Millersburg, going toward Paris, left the road while Rector was attempting to avoid a carcoming toward Lexington, and overturned after striking and runningalong the interurban trackts.The Rector machine was wrecked,resulting in the death of Mrs. DeeBroughton, aged thirty-five, of Paris,Iter neck being broken, her headcrushed and her body mangled. Theother occupants of the car, Mrs.Jessie Bannister and her six-year-olddaughter, Genevieve, and Mrs. Nannie Hall and her eight-year-oldgrand-daughter, Lucille Butler, allof Paris, and Mr. Rector, were moreor less injured. The two childrenwere asleep at the time of the accident, and with the exception of being badly shaken up, were apparently uninjured. All of the occupantswere pinioned under the machine,and members of an automobile partyreturning from the regular Saturdaynight assembly at the LexingtonCountry Club, upon heaiing thecrash and the screams of the occupants of the overturned machine,rushed to their aid. The injured werehurried to the St. Joseph Hospital,in Lexington. Mrs. Broughton diedbefore the institution was reached.Mr. Rector, who was driving themachine, did not know of the sharpcurve, and as he approached it metanother machine. In an effort toavert a collision he turned his machine quickly and it ran for a considerable distance on the interurbantracks, which at that point, are veryclose to the road. " The car thenturned over and plunged into a ditch.Mr. Rector, after having his injuries attended to at the Hospital,stated that he had come to Lexingtonwith the wonien, who were lookingfor house to rent, and that they werereturning to Paris at a mbderate rateof speed when the accident occurred.He said he did not see any light andfor that reason did not know he hadTeached the curve.Mrs. Bannister is the wife of Mr.Jesse Bannister, employe of the-Lou-isville& Nashville in the company'sroundhouse in this city. Mr. BanTiister stated Sunday morning that he"had no knowledge of his wife's beingin Lexington. He gave her age astwenty-four. Mrs Nannie Hall, Mrs.Bannister's mother, who sustained abroken collar bone and other injuries is sixty years old. Mrs. DeeBroughton, who was killed'was employed in Mrs. Hall's home."Dead Man's Curve," where the accident occurred, is known as one ofthe most dangerous spots on the roadbetween Lexington and Paris. Theroad turns in a sharp "S" going under the Louisville & Nashville railroad bridge, the interurban tracksbeing on the side of the road.The body of Mrs. Broughtcm wasbrought to Paris Sunday morning inthe Davis ambulance and taken tothe Geo. W. Davis undertaking establishment, where it was preparedfor burial. The funeral took placein the Paris Cemetery at four o'clockyesterday afternoon, with servicesconducted at the grave by Rev. W.E. Ellis, pastor of the Paris Christian Church.Mrs. Broughton is survived by herhusband, Mr. Dee Broughton, twodaughters, Misses Gertrude and JuliaBroughton, both residing in thecounty; one son, Wm. Broughton,who is in the Childrens' Home, atLouisville; her father, Mr. MoodySorrell, of Mt. Sterling, four sisters.Mrs. Seth Hardin, of Dunreath, Ind.,Mrs. James Jackson, Mrs. Thos.Steele, Mrs. Claude Foley, of Mt.Sterling, and three brothers, Martin,Robert and Lafayette Sorrell, all ofDunreath, Indiana.DEMONSTRATING CHEESE MAKING. A demonstration of the new methodof making cottage cheese will begiven in the Clintonville PublicSchool building to-day (Tuesday),July 9, at 2:30 p. m., by Mrs. Martha M. Golsan, Bourbon CountyHome Demonstrtion Agent. Demonstrations will also be given at theCenterville and Jackstown consolidated school building on Thursday,July 11, in the afternoon.rTirvrrmc tit mu L' TTDTTiTriTr YPjuji. n rio jcuxw axlu xjwauuu. - iPHANS.A large case of complete sets ofclothing for the French Orphans isto be shipped to the American Fundfor the French Wounded in Francethe end of this week, and 'all persons interested in this work are invited to call at the residence of Mrs.Thomas Henry Clay, 616 Pleasantstreet, on Thursday afternoon, July11th, from 3 to 6 o'clock to see thegarments.la 1 16INJURED BY FALL.Cyrus Jones,, an L. & N. employe,fell -from the railroad bridge at theoot of Main street, while crossingthe structure and sustained severeinjuries. Both ankles were sprainede was removed to the Massie Memorial Hospital, where he was givenT&edical attention.RECENT AUTO SALES.The Lexington Cadillac Co. reportsthe following sales made last weekto Bourbon county people: An eightfvlinder Cadillac touring car to D.Oldsmobile touring car to J. T. EstisSon, of 'near Clintonviliev.LLOYD ASHURST KILLED BY' ACCIDENTAL DISCHARGE OF GUNReturning from a hunting expedition in the county Friday afternoon,Mr. Lloyd Ashurst, a prominent farmer of the county, aged seventyeight, in removing his shotgun fromthe buggy, met his death when theweapon was accidentally discharged.. .Mr. Ashurst and several neighborshad been out in the country part ofthe day hunting. The party separated about noon, Mr. Ashurst returning to his home on Cypress street, inthis city. Upon arriving at his homeMr. Ashurst alighted from the buggyand after taking his coat, huntingbag and other articles to the house,returned to the buggy to get hisshotgun. Grasping the gun by thebarrel he drew it toward him; when,in some manner the hammer of onebarrel caught on the seat, and thegun was discharged. The contentsof the shell took effect in Mr. Ashurst's abdomen, piercing the stomach and intestines, ami inflictingwhat afterward proved fatal wounds.The sound of the shot and thewounded man's calls for help wereheard by a neighbor, Mrs. EdgarSousley, who summoned aid fromamong a number of passers-by. Mr.Ashurst was carried to the house,where he was made comfortable andphysicians summoned. An examination revealed Mr. Ashurst to havesustained a mortal wound, and theend came in two hours.Mr. Ashurst was one of the mostsubstantial farmers of the olderregime in the county, and had formany years resided on the farm onthe Clintonville pike, near this city,where his ancestors had lived foryears preceding. Some time ago hesold the place and moved to Paris,where he has since resided with hisdaughter, Miss Lula Ashurst. He issurvived by the following children,his wife having preceded him to thegrave several years ago: Miss LulaAshurst, of Paris; Mrs. Maude Craigand Lloyd Ashurst, Jr., of the county; Mrs. Chas. B. Redmon, Jr., ofPayette county; Mrs. Gladys Purnell,of Clark county; Mrs. Anna BelleKenney, of Kansas; Charles Ashurst,of Spencer county; Tice Ashurst, ofCalifornia, and Wjm. Ashurst, ofTexas.The funeral was held at the family home on Cypress street, at fiveo'clock Saturday afternoon, with services conducted by Rev. W. E. Ellis,pastor of the Paris Christian church.The burial followed on the familylot in the Paris Cemetery. The pallbearers were: Active Marion Hall,George W. Judy, Wm. C. Dodson, Jos.Redmon, Lou Davis Redmon .and Drvj. a. urr; Honorary ieorge vv.Wyatt, Sr., Samuel T. Talbott, Dr. J.T. Brown, J. T. Judy, E. B. January,Wm. Myall, Rev. B. F. Orr, E. J. Burns and H. C. Hutchcraf t.fSi J5jCOUNTY TARM AGENT URGESFARMERS TO RAISE BUCKWHEAT. Mr. L. S. Robbins, County FarmAgent and Demonstrator, Was inParis, Saturday, in the interest of amovement to induce farmers of thecounty to raise buckwheat as a cropduring the coming season. Mr. Robbins stated to THE NEWS that it thefarmers of the county would take upthe growing of buckwheat theywould find it a very profitable business, at the same time helping theGovernment in the conservation ofother foodstuffs that will be neededby the soldiers of this and the Alliedcountries in the future.Mr. Robbins stated that from July10 to 20 is the best time in which tosow the buckwheat. It is easily grownand handled. At present the pricesfor this cereal make the grooving andmarketing of the crop a very profitable one for the farmer, t It maturesquickly and furnishes a large amountof valuable food. Buckwheat produces from ten to twenty-five bushelsper acre in a good season. The croplast year brought the raisers $1.60per bushel. Red clover or crimsonclover sown with buckwheat seldomfails. When cut with a self-raking.reaper three or four bunches are settogether. Buckwheat may also be cutwith an ordinary grain binder, notusing twine, and is threshed out withthe ordinary grain separator.Mr. Robbins will visit Paris againat an early date, for the purpose ofconferring 'with the farmers of thecountv in regard to the raising ofbuskwheat "as a war time necessityand as a means of increasing thefarmers' revenues.COMING ATTRACTIONS AT PARISGRAND AND ALAMO.To-day, Tuesday, July 9 WilliamFarnum, in "The Conqueror," a stirring story of the days of GeneralSam Houston; Pearl White and Antonio Moreno, in the fifteenth episode of "The House of Hate."To-morrow, Wednesday, July 10Wallace Reid, in "Believe Me, Xantippe." You have doubtless seen thison the stage; also Luke Comedy andPathe News No. 49 vThursday, July 11 Madge Kennedy, in "The Danger Game;" alsoMutt and Jeff comedy, "Hospital Orderlies," and Pathe News. .REPUBLICAN COMMITTEE MEETING. The names of Judge H. Clay Howard, W. H. Thomason, D. M. Hurst,John M. Brennan and M. R. Jacoby,were selected at a meeting -Saturdayof "the Bourbon County RepublicanExecutive Committee to be Sled withthe State Efection Commissioners atu'roTiirfnrfr From this'list one member of the Bourbon County electioncommittee will be selected.'FOR THE WAR ORPHANS OF LA' BELLE FRANCE.The fatherless children of Franceare arousing much sympathy and in-terest among the good people of oldjiiom Paris to some other point notisourDon, ana certainly there is nonobler or holier cause - before theAmerican people to-day than thesehelpless little children, whose gallantFrench fathers have been killed onthe battlefields, leaving their littleones" to the mercy of a world- whichmust not betray the sacred trust.Except for these fathers, our ownyoung American children would today be suffering a like fate, and it isup to us to do all in our power toalleviate the needs of these pitifullittle innocents, who are bearing ourburdens. Do not think the need for!assistance is lessened, for many morefathers are yet doomed to perish atthe hands of the Huns, and thescenes of 1914 havebeen repeatedagain this summer. Rather the needsare increasing and becoming moreurgent, and the least we can do isto stretch our hands across the seaand be generous to these little ladsand girls whose fathers have given.their all in defense of their land andours.North Middletown, as usual, hasgone over the top, as the followinglist of new subscribers will attest.Remember, it is just $36.00 a yearto enable a child to stay with itsmother, so send in your check to Mrs.A. B. Hancock, and do your bit for aqhild and humanity:W. M. Jones.B. W. Rash.Women's Missionary Society N. M.Christian Church.Men's Bible Class, N. M. ChristianChurch.Emma C. Jones.Stephen S. Bacon.Horace. S. Bacon.J. C. Bryan & Son.J. O. Evans. ftMrs. J. 0. Evans.Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Redmon.W. S. Jones.Walter H. Meng.Chas. H. Meng.Mrs. Anna E. Cooper.Mrs. Nelson Gay, Winchester, 5.Mrs. V. W. Fergusonm Mrs. Rosa Buckner.Wm. G. Layson, Millersburg.Mrs. John G. Redmon.Hamilton Guard Girls.jsj 3 TsaCUT FLOWERS.We have secured the agency ofHonaker, the florist, of Lexington.Place your order for cut flowers withus fnr fun pralR wert diners, narffrstr-?r! -11.". i.i 1 rfana ior any umer uuuiusiun wnere cueflowers are used.(2july-tf) BRUCE HOLLAD AY.m mHAIL INSURANCE.Hail insuranco on tobaccoand small grain.McCLURE & DONALDSON.(june4-tf)i . a. fr i111 IIINETTLET0N SHOESIIWe are sole agents in Paris for these shoes. -They haveno equal when it comes to wear, style and fit, and when youinvest your money in a pair of Nettleton Shoes you will getvalue received for every dollar spent.LOW CUT SHOES vIn Tans and Blacks, Light WeightVici Kid and Tan Russia Calf StocksFor the man who wants comfort and ease, let him wear1JJ the Torsic last, made only byanow pertect ease and comfortshoes.Buy Your Shoes From OurVStore and Be Satisfied !Dr. Reed's Cushion Sole Shoe sold only by us. 'hoe made with the soft, velvet-like cushion sole theshoes for the man with tender feet.MITCHELL &MAYOR AND COUNCIL URGE RETENTION OF TERMINAL.In view of the possible removal of jthe Louisville & Nashville terminalyet decided. MavOr E. B. Januarv ajidthe members of the Board of Council of the City of Paris, have sent atelegram to Director of RailroadsWm. G. McAdoo, at Washington,D. C.The telegram was sent in co-operationwith protests of employes ofthe Louisville & Nashville who' haveproperty interests here, and who haveentered strenuous objections to Parisbeing -discontinued as a terminalheadquarters. The telegram asksfor a revocation of the order recently issued for the discontinuance ofPans as a terminal.It was stated yesterday that theBrotherhood of Locomotive Engineersand Firemen had sent representatives to Washington to lay the matterbefore the Railroad Commission andDirector-General McAdoo to the endthat the order jmay be revoked. Petitions from railroad men who ownproperty in Paris were taken toWashington by the B. L. E. & F. representatives. One hundred and thirty-two L. &N. employes own their own homes inParis. If this. place is discontinuedas a divisional headquarters theywould be compelled to sell theirproperty and mave either to Covington, Corbin or Ravinna.One of the principal objections tothe new plan is that the run from JDe Coursey to Corbin is too long, of14 8 miles and that the train crewsare putting in complaints that it istoo great a physical strain to be madea permanent operating plan. It isclaimed the run requires sixteenhours to make not counting frequentdelays.The telegram sent to Mr. McAdoo,Saturday by the Mayor and Councilwas as follows:"Paris, Ky., July 6, 1918."Hon. W. G. McAdoo, SecretaryTreasurer, D. C."The K. C. Division "of the L. &N. R. R. Co. have maintained theirterminals at this place, and securedfree water for the last thirty years,and we understand there is a movement on foot to change about twohundred families to other points, butto continue this as a watering point,and for efficiency we believe in satisfied employes, so we, therefore, desire to join in with all the railroademployes and most earnestly askthat you resend the orders requiringfkik change in, location of the ter-;4 JlJt 'Uir. JiTrclnn Vit ffltt T . JR. "NTnuuai iui umo uiwiuu i .". .-. -R. R. Co."E. B. JANUARY, Mayor."J. J. VEATCH,"JOHN MERRINGER,"JOHN ARKLE,"GEORGE DOYLE,"KENNEY NICHOLS,"JOHN CHRISTMAN,"THOMAS KISER,"Councilmen."Are KnownFrom CoastTo CoastjNettleton, Built so as towhen your feet are in theiTheonlyBLAKE MORE:I-TTCNTTTE ffR'RVTG'R AT? TTTTTR.COUNTRY.-Rutherford P. Redmon, farmer,Route No. 5, Paris, was accepted atthe Lexington recruiting station Friday for the navy service. He hasbeen assigned as second-class seaman. Four ,men were sent to the recruiting station at Indianapolis, Ind., Saturday by Corporal Rollins O. Moore,in charge of the Lexington recruitingstation. From there they will besent to Port Royal, S. C, for training. One of the number was HarveyJohnson, of Paris. "With sixty-flVe more enlistmentssecured Saturday for the UnitedStates Navy at the Louisville station,the total of enlisted men for themonth has been increased to 276. Inthe list of those accepted Saturdayappears the names of Robert EmmettBerry, Paris; Leslie Raymond Linkand William Howard Ginn, of Hutchison, Bourbon county.Bramel Boardman, who enlisted inthe United States naval service sometipie ago, and who has been at hishome near Little Rock, on a furloughfor some time engaged in helping hisbrother harvest their big wheat crop,will return about the 15th mst.. tothe training camp at Newport, RhodeIsland. He will stop over at NewYork, en route, to visit his brother,William Boardman, who is stationedthere.Mr. I. D. Thompson, of this city,is in receipt of a letter from his son,I. D. Thompson, Jr., who is stationedat the Great Lakes Naval TrainingStation. In the letter young Thompson stated that he had been awardeda medal for proficiency in sharpshooting on the rifle range at thecamp, winning over a large numberof competitors, and that he had beenassigned to practice on the big guns.Accompanied by his friend, PrivateG. C. Hord, of Ft. Pierce, PrivateJesse Harris, who is stationed, at theU. S. army camp at Camp Jackson,rear Jacksonville, Florida, has arrived in this city for a furlough visit tohis parents, Mr. and Mrs- L. D. Harris, on Walker avenue. Young Harris enlisted in the army .service atChicago, in December, 19-17.In a list of Fayette county draftees who face charges of desertionand immediate induction 'into thearmy for failure to return questionnaires sent out to them over tendays ago by the Fayette Board of Exemption appears the name of ThomasH. Butler, Jr., Maysville pike, Paris.Warrants were issued yesterday forthe arrest of the men, who will besent at once to Camp Zachary Taylor.Mrs. L D. Thompson returned Sunday from Chicago, where she hadgone to visit her son, Mr. I. D.Thompson, who was stationed thereas a member of the U. S. Naval training corps. Mrs. Thompson arrivedat the camp at 6:30 in the afternoon,only to learn that her son had beentransferred to the Annapolis NavalAcademy, and had left the camp at5:30 with a large number of others'for their new place.tShortly before coming to Paris fora visit, Mr. W. B. Tinsley, of St.Louis, formerly connected with theParis Gas & Electric Co., received information that his brother, B. T.Tinsley, of Salem, 'Va., had died ofpneumonia, in France, where he wasa member of the American Expeditionary Force. Another brother,Capt. A. M. Tinsley, is a member ofthe U. S. Engineers, doing specialduty in the United States as inspector of pnunitions plants.A service flag with twenty-fivestars, representing that many, youngmen from that part of Fayette andBourbon county, was unveiled at theOld Union church, Sunday night.An address was made by AttorneyW. C. G. Hobbs, of Lexington. Themen who have gone from this countyare Stanley and Madison Breeze,Henry and Gregg Hipshire, DempseyPoe, Albert Houston, Louise Wesselman, William Rhorer, Thos. C. Gray,Coleman and Connor Linville. Dempsey Poe and Gregg Hipshire are nowin France with the American Expeditionary Force.- Men of draft age from' all overKentucky will compose the 412 Kentuckians who will come to Lexingtonon July 15 to begin an eight week'scourse in technical training at theUniyersity of Kentucky. The DraftBoards throughout the State have received practically enough volunteersfrom the draftees to compose theallotpient at Camp Buell, and veryfew will have to be inducted into theservice. The following are the qudtaassigned to the surrounding counties:Bourbon, 3; Clark, 4; Fayette, 3;Harrison,-3; "City of Lexington, 5;Nicholas, 2; Scott, 2; Woodford, 2.'France is now the temporary homeof a number of boys from the North,Middletown victofty, who are therein the service pf their country. Postcards have been received announcingthe safe arrival overseas of thelowing from, that section of thecounty: James Evenman, French Anderson," Thosi,Stegalk Chas. Harfield,-James Osborne. J. W. Sargeant, The-odore Carter, Walter Lowe, Herbertjpnnson and William seayraiso tne-ifollowing colore ,boys: Barnes Wil-EEV. jRICHAKD WTLKENSail . i ;.jsuxxq iniii. xv AJuAJSAMA.t-The Rev. Richard Wilkinson; ftrtwo years pastor of the Church of tkmShepherd, Episcopal, at Lexiaytoafannounced Saturday his acceptaC ""of a call extended a month, ago by St.John's Episcopal Church at Montgomery, Ala., and will go October 1The call came to him through tWrecommendation of former parishioners in Louisville, where Hie wassituated before he came to Lexington. St. John's church Is one of tkmost important in theSoutlir Dr.Wilkinson has been engaged in helping-rebuild his church at Lexihftox;which was burned last January,. Tanew edifice will cost ?50,000 'HAIL INSURANCE.Insure your tobaccohail with Thomas, WtetfferrfjkBryan, prompt payingpamts.,(june25-tf)son, Robt. Ranson, R. C. Carter, Julius Talbott, Stanley Evans, Sherman 'Strother and Charles Downing. It irprobable that by this time a largenumber of others from the same parto the county have been transferred fover there from the training camps 'in this county. t . -Mrs. Charles Sauer has received acard frqm her brother, private AlviaThomas, saying the ship on which.-hosailed June 10th, has arrived safelyoverseas.Mr. Harry O. James, of Paris, received a telegram Sunday from Con-gressman J. -Campbell Cantrill, at.Washington, stating that his (fames') 'nephew, Cornelius (Buddy) James,was all right, and safe in port.Young James, who is a son of Mrs.Mollie James, of this citv. was a.jmember of the crew of the Americantransport, Covington, which was torpedoed by a German submarine in thewar zone last week. He has been inthe navy a little over a vear. hnt inthat time has made six round, trips,to France, or as he expressed it 'in .a letter recently to his mother,' "Iam helping to run a ferry boat be- Ttween New York and France." Ona recent three-days' visits here tiestated that every man on the shipwas anxious to meet a German submarine. He was recently promotedto the position of gunner's mate.. . ---S wt --Mr. William Kenney Thomas, or-near Hutchison, writes as follows tohis mother from the School of Aeronautics, Ithaca, New York:"Received your card a few minutes .ago. It is raining at present andwe will get excused from drill so asto get a rest the next half-hourlyThere is hardly a minute between5:30 in the morning and 9:30 atnight when I am not busy Fromnow until 9:30 we are supposed tostudy As a whole this is the fin-.est ouncn of men here I have everbeen associated with. This is 'athree-months course, v and I don'tknow when I will be able to get afurlough We are supposed to beexpert wireless operators, to knowall about aeronlanes. machine sniTiaand military drills before we graduate, so you can iniagine what we willhave to do to pass all these examinations in three months." 'The photogravure section of the vSunday papers carried a picture ofAmerican and French soldiers ina social game of cards behind, the vlines in France. A number of soldiers are sitting around, looking onthe game. Slightly in the rear, isone that everyone pronounces-with- -outhesitation to be James Cain, son 'of Mr. and Mrs. John (Pete) -Cain,of this city. The resemblance is, sostartling that everyone who has seenthe picture and who has knownyoung Cain has no hesitation in de-daring it to be him. Members of hisfamily who have examiried the pict- ,ure closely are emphatic in their as-,sertion that it is James, because of acertain characteristic manner of carrying himself and from the close resemblance to the features. Nothinghas been heard from young Cain forsome time, but jt is presumed that heis well and doing his bit in the -conqueringand extermination of theTeuton butchers in France.Carl Mitchell, formerly of Parisr " "who is stationed aboard the U. S. S. sv ,Carolina, off the Atlantic coast, re-sents the remark made by one of the,L4 -Parisjackies, recently, that he was K-on a "crab fleet." Mitchell writes as "yfollows:"I am still among the living and "j.am enjoying navy life to the utmost. 'I am getting to be an old salt now. 'I saw Ed Doty once when I was onliberty, and he certainly does lookfine. But he made a great (mistake .when he said I was on the Illinois, -'for I have-not been in 'the crab fleetat all, but on one of the best shipsin the U. S. Navy We surely did, . - ,have a grand and glorious Fourtk of ',"July, ehicken galore, and believeme, I surely did justice to my shareI have not heard from Ben Leach , ""for some time, but hear that he" hasLbeen transferred to police duty for a. "while at Ellis sIsland, New Yorkr .Guess Ben is too busy with . his nu- 'merous social duties to find time towrite us 1 am a fireman on thisship, in what is known as 'The Blackfol-j-Gang,' for we, handle lots of blackdiamonds. But I like the work aftright. We are going to hitch, upsome day with those tubs of tkKaiser's and then there will ijlptithingt doing. . .Tell iaauiring iri teKT premt a4drMi Carl' KftefctU' (.Continued on Paf e I.) ;?r-?j$tiWGTTWOHETjrtdtfTrfififl 1881 36 Years of Contumous PublicationWHished .Every Tuesday and Fridaymt9C Tear. . $2.00 6 Months . . $1.00Payable in Adavance.WCrr CHAMP, Editor and Owner.Jjty erroneous reflection upon tnedhaMOter, standing or reputation ofj4apier&on, firm or corporation which..aBajuappear iu the colujnns of THEHftxraRON NEWS will be crladly cor-i brought to attention ot uioADVERTISING RATESMaQlzy Advertisements, $1.00 per4mJl for first time; 60 cents per inch-4wl6kf subsequent insertion.r,im -rr MnHnofl in r.AnfH ner lineilfrrh, issue; reading notices in blackf6, 20 cents per une, eaca ibbuo.ift of thanks, calls on candi-, obituaries ana resoiuuuua, tvuu.' ii in -.4. .. Unamatter, j.u tcuw ajdi. uuu.JBpeVil laws i" "tTfe right of publisher is reserved--jfjecttae Any i advertisement or otherK3tter for publication.Aamevnceinents kfor political ofilcesxzmwb invariably be accompanied byf - - This paper has enlistedxrrththe government in theucause of America for thebenoa or tne war-.SBI- EDITOHIAT, MUSINGS.Anent Hun Bestiality!TJie Quarterly Church Review of3rlin protests against the proposedIJtafBlation of bigamy, the virtual institution of polygamy, to increase theGerman population. This gives theaoatside world incontrovertible proof- the fact that an effort is being.3HK&de to adopt the essential principle.polygamy in Germany, but GerTmajx bestiality in the meantime doesmmt hesitate to put in practice bothtie rape -of French women and theswiuction of German girls as an auis&ferlzed military measure for in--creasingGerman population, it beag" believed that the male children-aoTFranch maternity can be educat:aeif as Germans and made to fight for-yQermany.The decay of the German people is"JEnpeatened more by the abandonmentol $he conventional value of decencyxa& 'Chastity of women than by theIrallets of the Allies. Germany'ssAcfchrate was falling off before theara5r because of dissipation and race-isufcjde in the great centers of pop-tslation. If a deliberate effort is be3a3j made to debauch the young wo-xaep.. In the rural districts officers- xsjA soldiers are sent on furloughs in-attracted to "help raise the birthlate," the .physical ill results prob-' xbly will more than balance the in-'ksre&se of "birth rate thus attained.":SeCh a nation deserves the decayn -hzt such methods probably willX 'Won't Tear Our Hair." T&E NEWS will refrain from"33Sfcrowing its headgear heaven-ward-wrer 'the stories that there are grave3faimger riots and strikes in Austria-; liuagary. Maybe there are, but ther . toiJy, as to Tioth the Dual Empireo c-)QFer which 'Baby Karl is the Kaiser's?v WioSroT and the German Empire-rSiih also is run by the Kaiser, issjch bldand often told story.We Jieurish a hope a not unchris-' '?3an',one thafthe Germans will get" "janagry enough to attack the Kaiser's:rear while he is defending his frontand kick the seat of the royal pan--.Saloons into the appearance of anr3 door mat. We hope that Karlwill be canned by the hungry hordes' .of Hungary and that Vienna will be-.sttise of lack of Vienna sausage wel-5ome the Allies as conquerers. Butwantil these things come to pass weaadvise -continued preparation for aakxag war and a hard war, and theTase of a grain of salt when swallow-"ing the repeated stories of Teutonic. -sj collapse.? 'America In Big Business.The bill in Congress to permit theXTnited States to train and equip thesfcroops of other nations who are fight-'Smg or wish to fight the TeutonicTpowers indicates the immensity of'he cale upon which the United'States is going into the war. Under' the 18 to 45 rule there would be in- aOl probability 5,000,000 men intheSouth American countries which" latve declared war against Germany. -9T broken, off diplomatic relations.It svould be a great thing if the-fcwo Americas shquld combine forcesjgm.ihst the two Teutonic Empires-which represent the principle en-renciated recently by Emperor Karl,of Austria-Hungary, when he de-ftclarei- that in these times kingscsfcorild stick together. The passage' ff fhe bill in Congress would inviteSGch co-ojperation upon the part of--JLAtin Americans even as amended toinclude all countries and not to referto them, especially. .,, 'The Kaiser witf-learn thatAnicans .wake y?a jW as they enterupon business enterprises and -thathe has awakened a giant.Why German Soldiers Steal.A German soldier's pay is roughly equivalent to nine cents a day.But out of this he must contributeabout three cents a day toward thecost of his" dinner. Apart from thedinner, generally some kind of Irishstew, he gets nothing but blackbread and alleged coffee, so most ofthe remaining six cents must be expended on additional food.Even the meager balance is not athis disposal. It is carefully kept ina small bag suspended from his neck.This is opened periodically for theinspection of the soldiers' officers, andif he can be convicted of the leastextravagance he will be severely punished. As To Aliens.There are enemy aliens and thereare -native aliens. The Americanwho does not do his part toward winning the" war, who neither fights norworks nor lends for victory is asmuch an alien to American purposesand America's cause as the rankestPrussian interned in this country.This is a war of peoples as well asof nations, and each individual hasa place and a duty.Taking The Printers.Drafting and volunteering of members of the International Typographical union is depleting .the ranks ofthe printers so fast that newspapersgenerally are experiencing great inconvenience from lack of sufficientmen to do the work at hand. Theservice flag of the union showed 4,081 blue stars and 77 gold starsJune 15. It may come to pass thatthe government may have to makespecial exemption for printers if thebusiness of making newspapers is tobe continued.What's the Use!Not a single Democratic congressman in this state will have oppositionfrom a member of his own partythis year, an unprecedented record.This renders a primary in the partyunnecessary. In a number of thedistricts, Republicans are contestingfor nominations, with no other resultthan helping to pile up expenses inthe State already severely tax ridden."IF IT'S ALL BIGHT THERE, IT'SALL BIGHT HEBE."Some time ago a wave of indignation swept over righteous Lexington, because a band of men, in theungodly city of Paris, clothed inwhite, marched in peaceful paradethrough the streets of the city, on abusiness mission, making no noise,making no threats, and upsetting thedignity of no one. They were on apeaceful errand, merely to warn certain parties that they must obey thelaw and go to work. Lexington papers waxed wrothy and their columnscontained editorial fusillades anentthe ungodliness of Paris people inpermitting such an affair to takeplace.Some time ago a group of representative citizens, in open daylight, andunmasked, visited a Lexington factory, the proprietors of which weresuspected of pro-German tendencies.They went through a performance,the like of which did not comparewith the quiet performance staged bythe Paris men. Yet that was allright, and we are of the opinion thatit was. But being in Lexington madea difference. If it had happened inParis it would have had a differentbearing. In an editorial in the Lexington Leader recently appeared thefollowing comment on the "incident.""The incident was a manifestationof the spirit of the people who havenow come to a realization that in thishour of national peril there is butone course for every citizen to pursue."That course points unerringly toward the enemy. Any man who falters, any man who gives indicationsof any doubt about his duty to hiscountry and to his fellow citizens athome and on the firing line, is notonly in grave danger of forfeitingthe respect and confidence of his community, but invites evidences ofaroused indignation and contemptwhich should cause the most foolhardy to take care."This is a mighty good time foreverybody, citizen or alien, to walkuprightly and in fear of the Lord."Forward, march!"UNITED STATES WILL HAVEPLENTY GUNS FOB BABBAGEAmerican .built 155-paillimeterhowitzers now are moving to France.The United States soon will be independent of the co-belligerents for theheavy barrage guns used to supportinfantry advance. These facts weredisclosed to correspondents who visited the new army proving groundsat Aberdeen, Maryland. One factory,ten months old, is turning out tenguns a day.TO TEACH ILLITERATES.Fifty thousand illiterates of thisState will be taught to read and writeif the plans of the Kentucky Illiteracy Commission meet with success.Mrs. Cora Wilson Stewart, Chairmanof the Kentucky Illiteracy Commission has prepared a list of the counties to be taught in duringvthe year.In the quota assigned to the counties Bourbon is given 500.R 5 ?SIAnd as a general thing, the kindof men who manage the ballot boxesare not the sort that the woman voters go wild over. ?THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,OEEICIAL STATEMENT AS TO OUBABJVrYINFBiNCE.WASHINGTON, D. C., July 8. ;The President's statement, niadepublic Tuesday, with SecretaryBaker's letter to the President andthe President's reply are as fol-"Ihave to-day received the following letter from the Secretary of War,which seems to me to contain information which will be so satisfactory to the country that its publication will be welcomed, and will giveadditional zest to our national celebration of the Fourth of July:" 'War Department." 'Washington, D. C, July 1, 1918." 'My Dear Mr. president: Morethan one million American soldiershave sailed from the ports in thiscountry to participate in the war inFrance. In reporting this fact toyou I feel you will be interested ina few data showing the progress ofour oversea military effort." 'The first ship carrying militarypersonnel sailed May 8, 1917, havingon board Base Hospital No. 4 andmembers of the reserve nurses' corps." 'General Pershing and his staffsailed on May 30, 1917. The embarkations in the months of May,1917, to and including June, 1918,are as follows:1917May 1,718June 12,261July I 12,988August 18,323September 32,523October 38,259November 23,016December 48,8401918January 46,776February 48,027March 83,811April 117,212May 244,345June 276,372Marines 14,644Aggregating 1,019,115" 'The total number of troops returned from abroad, lost at sea andcasualties is 8,165, and of these, byreason of the superbly efficient protection which the navy has given ourtrnsport system, only 291 have beenlost at sea." 'The supplies and equipment inFrance for all troops sent is, by ourlatest report, adequate, and the output of our war industries in thiscountry is showing marked improvement in practically all lines of necessary equipment and supply. Respectfully yours,'"NEWTON D. BAKER.'""To which I replied:"'The White House," 'Washington, July 2, 1918."'My dear Mr. Secretary: Yourletter oi; July 1 contains a very significant piece of news and an equallysignificant report of the forwardingof troops during the past year to theother side of the water. It is a recordwhich I think must cause universalsatisfaction, because the heart of thecountry is unquestionably in this warand the people of the United Statesrejoice to see their force put fasterand faster into the great strugglewhich is destined to redeem the world.Cordially and sincerely yours,"WOODROW WILSON."'31 tSl 51TO SHOW GBAIN-GBADINGMETHODS.In order that farmers and othersinterested in Federal grain standardswill be able to know how the gradingis done, the Bureau of Markets willtake exhibits to many of the largeState and other fairs in the Northwest this sumer. A complete set ofapparatus for grain grading will bedisplayed and demonstrations of theactual grading of grain will be madeat these fairs by representatives ofthe Federal Grain Supervision sectionof the Bureau.Pa Ts feSTOP! LOOK! LISTEN! HEBE'SWOMAN WATCHMAN.Mrs. Georgia Thomas is the firstwoman watchman to be employed atWinchester. She is stationed at theMain street L. & N. crossing, and declared she is much pleased with herjob. Winchester people who returned from an eastern trip told of howwomen are working in railroad yardsand taking the places of men all overthat section of the country:fe fe toFurthermore, if the women aretaken into the army, how will theybe prevented from talking back whenon duty in the listening posts?BAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly RollCream PuffsDoughnuts, Rolls, PiesGROCERYFruitsFresh VegetablesMEATDEPARTMENTRoats.Lamb, Veal, Pork' BrainsWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376KY.!BQUBBON COJNTNJUKED'ISi AUTO COTEKT. ,Hurst Hamm, of Millersbiirg, wasdriving his car ou the Lexingtonpike, .neaf Danyille, when he machine suddenly became unmanagable and leaped over the high precipice in front of the residence ofJames Chinn. As the machine dashed down the steep incline, with thedriver wildly holding to the steering wheel, a good sized cedar, treewas uprooted and great excitementprevailed among the few eyewitnesses of the blood curdling experience that the Millersburg man wasgoing through. When the machinecrashed to the bottom it was wreckedand now lies in a heap.Practically all the teeth in theman's head were knocked out, andthey were not false ones either, bewas not otherwise injured. Whenthe crash came at the bottom of thehigh embankment, possibly two hundred feet from the pike, somethingstruck him squarely in the mouth,completely knocking his teeth out.The most unsual thing in connectionwith the accident was that the (manafter having his teeth knocked outwas unable to tell any one his name.He was able to mumble that the machine had been at Arnold's garage inDanville for three weeks and that hecame to Danville to take it to Millersburg.Cottage For Rent.Nice frame cottage on Vine street,adjoining residence of W. H. Whitley. Has bath and all modern conveniences. Call on or address(5-tf) JOHN T. HINTON.Dissolution Notice!The firm of Dickerson & DouglasGarage has been mutually dissolved.Mr. Dickerson retires from the firm.Mr. Douglass will collect and settleall accounts of the firm.B. R. DICKERSON,J. S. DOUGLAS.(2-6t)For Sale or Rent.One 16-horse-power Garr-Scott engine, in good condition. Call on oraddress,, MRS. JACK WOODS,206 West Eighth St., Paris, Ky.(18-tf) Home Phone 397.For Rent.Three nice unfurnished rooms forrent. Apply to(tf) ERNEST MARTIN.The Regent GarlandThree-Fuel RangeHB r SBBNMfRM coalvJHH r" " H H THtuvtSSjf 'llB ' HIUON THt CASSUMMER SALEOF ALL SUMMER GOODS!Oil and Gas Cook Stoves, Porch FurnitureNew Iceberg Refrigerators Save IceA few left, which we are offering at a big saving to you,and means so much to the health of your home. Let usshow you ,A. F. Wheeler Furniture Co.Main and Tnird Sts.For Fferit:mModern cottage of six rooms ,bath; .gasjelectric lights; garage;"next to Twelfth and High streets.DR. F. P. CAMPBELL,Paris, Ky.Cumberland Phone 142.(28-tf)FOR RENT.Cottage of 4 rooms, bath, kitchenand laundry. Front room can beused for office. Ttro rooms upstairs.Location, 623 Main street. Apply toMRS. J. B. NORTHCOTT,(tf) . High Street.IRONWe pay highest jrices for ironjunk, hides and wool.MUNICH & WIDES & CO.,Eighth St., Paris, Ky.,Cumb. Phone 374.(23-tf).&Oil StockFOR SALEWe have for sale a limited numberof shares ofOil StockAt $1.00 Per ShareOne of the best companies in the field. Acreage inLee, Estill and Tennessee, in proven territory.If interested, addressTHE WINCHESTER SUNWINCHESTER, KY.We have just received our shipment of Combination Coal and GasRanges and have put them on display, so prepare yourself for the colddays when the gas gets low.For Coal, Gasor WoodNo other Range like it you pull thelever; it does the rest.CHAS. GREEN, Manager-TUESDAY, JULY t, 191S.OptometryMeans Eye ServiceParis' exclusive optical parlors.Frames and Mountings, all stylesLorgnettes, Binocular Auto Goggles.Shades ground in any color desired.We do frame repairing and can duplicate ahy lens, no matter where fitted. Nothing but high-grade material used. Call and let's get acquainted Optometrically. We chargefor examination.Dr. Wm. Riley Franklin"OPTOMETRIST."Both Phones. 520 Main StOpposite Court Hausti;TUH6DAY, JULY 3, 1918.TH1 B0U1B0N IfMWH PAItM, KKT "iit v V-t-4-V!-vPBESIDEHZ WILSQtfS. SPEECHAT MT. YERNON, JULY 4.From the shadow of Washington'stomb, President Wlisan, Thursday,afternoon offered American's declaration of independence to the people ofthe world. With the pledge that theUnited States and its allies will notsheathe the sword in the war againstthe Central Powers until there is settled "o-nce and for all the world"what was settled for America in1776.Foreign born citizens of the United States, thirty-three nationalitieswho placed wreaths of palms on. thetomb in token of fealty to the principles laid down by "The Father ofHis Country," cried their approvalof the President's words in manylanguages and then stood with reverently bared heads while the voice ofJohn McCormack soared over thehallowed ground in the notes of "TheStar Spangled Banner'The President's speech in full wasas follows: v"Gentlemen of the DiplomaticCorps and my fellow-citizens: I amhappy to draw apart with you tothis quiet place of old counsel inorder to speak a little of the meaningof this day of our nation's inddependence. The place seems very stilland remote. It is as serene and untouched by the hurry of the worldas it was in those great days longago, when General Washington washere and held leisurely conferencewith the men who were to be associated with him in the creation of anation. From these gentle slopesthey looked out upon the world andsaw it whole, saw it with the light ofthe future upon it, saw it with moderneyes that turned away from a pastwhich men of liberated spirits couldno longer endure. It is for thatreason that we can not feel, evenhere, in the immediate presence ofthis sacred tomb, that this place isa place of death. It was a place ofachievement. A great promise thatwas meant for all mankind was heregiven plan and reality."The associations by which we arehere surrounded are the inspiring associations of that noble death whichis only a glorious consummation.From this green hillside we also oughtto be able to see with comprehendingeyes the world that lies about us andshould conceive anew the purposesthat must set men free."It is significant significant ofxheir own character and purpose andof the influences they were settingafoot that Washington ancUhis associates, like the barons at Runnymede, spoke and acted, not for a class,but for a people. It has been leftfor us to see to it that it shall be understood that they spoke and acted,not for a single people only, but forall mankind."They were thinking, not of themselves and of the material interestswhich centered in the little groupsof landholders and merchants andmen of affairs with whom they wereaccustomed to act in Virginia and thecolonies to the north and south ofher, but of a people which wished tobe done with classes and special interests and the authority of menwhom they had not themselves chosento rule over them. They entertainedno private purpose, desired no peculiar privilege. They were consciously planning that men of every classshould be free and America a placeto which men ojit of every nationmight resort who wished to sharewith them the rights and privilegesof free men. And we take our cuefrom them or did we not?"We intend what they intended.We here in America believe ourparticipation in this present war tobe only the fruitage of what theyplanted. Our case differs from theirsonly in this, that it is our inestimableprivilege to concert with men outof every nation what shall make notonly the liberities of America secure, but the liberities of every, otherpeople as well. We are happy inthe thought that we are permittedto do what they would have done hadthey been in our place. There mustnow be settled once for all what wassettled for America in the great ageupon whose inspiration we draw today. This is surely a fitting placefrom which calmly to look out uponMARGOLEN'SAll FruitsVegetableFishand Meatsare kept inside our store inseparate refrigerators everything screened and freefrom dust and flies.Buy where edibles arekept in a sanitary manner. Our service isprompt,t'MARGOLEN'SSanitary Meat Market1;our .task, -that we, may fortify ourspinis zor its accompiisnment. Anathis is the appropriate" place fromwmuii to avow, aime tx xne irienaswho look on and tp the friends withwhom we have the happiness to beassociated in action, the faith andpurpose with which we act." This, then, is our conception ofthe great struggle in which we areengaged. The plot is written plainupon every scene and every act ofthe supreme tragedy. On the onehand stand the peoples of the worldnot only the peoples actually engaged, but many others also whosuffer under mastery, but can notact; peoples of many races and inevery part of the world the peopleof stricken Russia still, among therest, though they are for the momentunorganized and helpless. Opposed to them, masters of manyarmies, stand an isolated, friendlessgroup of goevernments, who speakno common purpose, but only selfishambitions of their own by whichnone can profit but themselves andwhose peoples are fuel in their hands;governments which fear their peopleand yet are for the time theirsovereign lords, making every choicefor them and disposing of their livesand fortunes as thev will, as well asof the lives and fortunes of everypeople who fall under their power;governments clothed with the strangetrappings and the primitive authorityof an age that is altogether alien andhostile to our own. The past and thepresent are in deadly grapple and thepeoples of the world are being doneto death between them."There can be but one issue. Thesettlement must be final. There canbe no compromise. No half-way decision would be tolerable. No halfway decision is conceivable."These are the ends for which theassociated peoples of the world arefighting, and which must be con-eded them before there can be peace:"1. The destruction of every arbitrary power anywhere that canseparately, secretly and of its singlechoice disturb the peace of the world ;or, if it can not be presently destroyed, at least its reduction tovirtual impotence."2. The settlement of every question, whether of territory, of sovereignty, of economic arrangementor of political relationship, upon thebasis of the free acceptance of thatsettlement by the people immediatelyconcerned and not upon the basis ofthe material interest or advantage ofany other nation or people which maydesire a different settlement for thesake of its own exterior influence ormastery."3. The consent of all 'nationsto be governed in their conduct toward each other by the same principles ot honor and of respect for thecommon laws of civilized societv thatgovern the individual citizens of allmodern states in their relations withone another, to the end that allpromises and cevenants may be observed, no private plots or consDira-cy hatched, no selfish injuries wroughtwith impunity, and a mutual trustestablished upon the handsomefoundation of a mutual respect forright."4. The establishment of an organization of peace which shall makeit certain that the combined powerof free nations will check every invasion of right and serve to makepeace and justice the more secure byaffording a definite tribunal of opinion to which every international readjustment that can not be amicablyagreed upon by the peoples directlyconcerned shall be sanctioned."These great objects can be putinto a single sentence. What we seekis the reign of law, based upon theconsent of the governed and sustained by the organized opinion of mankind. "These great ends cannot beachieved by debating and seeking toreconcile and accommodate whatstatesmen may wish, with their projects for balances of power and of national opportunity. They can berealized only by the determination ofwhat the thinking peoples of theworld desire, with their longing hopefor justice and for social freedom andopportunity."I can fancy that the air of thisplace carries the accents of suchprinciples with a peculiar kindness.Here were started forces which thegreat against which thev wereprimarily directed at first as a revoltagainst its righttul authority, butwhich it has long since seen to havebeen a step in the liberation of itsown people as well as of the peopleof the United States; and I standhere now to speak speak proudlyand with confident hope of thegreat revolt, this liberation, to thegreat stage of the world itself."The blinded rulers of ,Prussia haveroused forces they knew little offorces which, once roused, can neverbe crushed to earth again; for theyhave at their heart an inspiration anda purpose which are deathless andof the very stuff of triumph !"State of Ohio, City of Toledo.Lucus County, ss.Frank J. Cheney makes oath thathe is senior partner of the firm of P.J. Cheney & Co., doing business inthe City of Toledo, County and Stateaforesaid, and that said firm will paythe sum of ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS for each and every case qfCatarrh that cannot be cured by theuse of HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINE. PRANK J. CHENEY.Sowrn to before me and subscribedin my presence, this 6 th day of December, A. D., 1886.A. W. GLEASON,(Seal) Notary Public.Hall's Catarrh Medicine is takeninternally and acts through the bloodon the mucous surfaces of the .system. Send for testimonials, free.P. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, 0.Sold by all druggists, 75c.Hall's Pamily'Pills for constipation.(adv-july)fm 1 teiOf course it may be different withher heart, but we doubt ifany woman's skirt should 'let inthe sunshine. 'Our observation" Is that 'when ayoung man. is about to" convince hissweetheart that he is unworthy ofSOCIAt AND PERSONAL.Comings arid Goings of OurPeople Here, Tftere andElsewhere.The Misses Whaley have asguest Mrs. Lucy Walsh, of Nicholasville. Miss June Bramblette has returned from a visit to friends inCynthiana.Mrs. Charles P. Mann has returned from.a visit to friends and relatives in Maysville.Mrs. Mary Walker, of Fifteenthstreet, has as her guest Mrs. AlicePinnell, of Winchester.Misses Willie and Annie LaurieBarr, of Carlisle, are guests of Mr.and Mrs. Richard Butler.Mrs. Rhodes Shackleford, ofRichmond, is a guest of friends andrelatives in this city and county.Mr. Harry O.Holt, of Port Arthur, Texas, is a giiest of his mother,Mrs. Ben Holt, on Mt. Airy avenue.Mr. George T. Collins, of Hamilon, Ohio, is a guest of his daughter,Mrs. A. R. Dennison. on Railroadstreet.Mr. Sidney Holt, of Louisville, aformer Parisian, is a guest of hisbrother, Mr. J. Harry Holt, nearParis.Judge and Mrs. Ernest Martinand Miss Margaret Napier were visitors in Cincinnati several days thepast week.Miss Christine Kenney has returned to her home in Georgetownafter a visit to Miss Jennie James, onFourth street.Mrs. H. C. Mansfield has returnedto her home in Scott county after avisit to friends and relatives in thiscity and county.Mr. and Mrs. David Davis anddaughter, of Cincinnati, are guests ofMrs. J. T. McCray and family, inNorth Middletown.Misses Eleanor Lilly and NettiePullen have returned to Shelbyville,after a visit to Mr. and Mrs. JamesMcClure, on Vine street.On account of the Chautauquathe meeting of the W. C. T. U.,scheduled for yesterday afternoon,was deferred to a later date.Mr. G. H. Speak, guest for several days of Mr. and Mrs. Joe Speak,on Fifteenth street, has returned tohis home in San Francisco, Cali.Mr. Eli Evans and two daughters, of Mountain Grove, Missouri,are guests of Mr. Jas. 0. Evans andfamily and other relatives near thiscity.Mr. Clyde Keller, of the SweetShop, has been a patient at the GoodSamaritan Hospital, in Lexington,for several days, undergoing treatment for eye troubles.Mrs. Howard Jett and daughter,Mrs. Meredith, have returned to theirhome in Cynthiana after a visit toMr. and Mrs. J. W. Bacon, at theirhome on Cypress street.Miss Lucile Williams, of Covington, and Mrs. B. D. Shipp, of Lexington, have returned to their homes after a visit to Mr. and Mrs. W. F.Talbott, on Eighth street.Mrs. Nicholas Nagle will leaveto-day for a visit to relatives in Holton, Indiana. Mr. Nagle and son,Ferdinand, have returned from a visitto Niagara Falls and New York.The Mission Band of the Christain church will meet to-morrow(Wednesday) afternoon, at twoo'clock, at the home 'of Mrs. GeorgeW. Clay, on East Seventh street.Miss Helen Hutchcraft has returned from Oberlin, Ohio, where shehas been engaged as Y. W. C. A. Secretary at Oberlin College, and willspend the summer with her parents,Mr. and Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft, onSecond street.Rev. Julian A. McClintock, whohas been a guest for several days, ofhis brother, Mr. Will G. McClintock,and Mrs. McClintqck .and family, inthis city, has gone to Doylesville, inMadison county, where he, began aseries of revival meetings yesterday.Among the Kentucky people whoattended the wedding of Lieut. Robt.Jones, formerly of North Middletown, to Miss Elizabeth Andrews,Which occurred at Augusta, Ga., Saturday, were Mr. and Mrs. J. WA Jonesand daughter, Miss Sara Jones, ofNorth Middletown, and Mrs. EdwardAndrews, of Lexington.(Other Personals on Page 5.)v m'jmTHE SAME -HERE; ISN'T IT THETRUTH?In his excellent paper, the Cynthiana Democrat, Editor James Allentakes a fall out of the tight-wads of'Cynthiana and Harrison county whograsped their" nickles and dimes inthe recent campaigns until the eaglescreamed. There is no man in thenewspaper business to-day in CentralKentucky who can wield a moretrenchant pen than Jim Allen and inthe following article he tells of conditions that have also, obtained righthere in the good old county of Bourbon. James flays 'em alive as follows: "Every campaign, whether for Liberty Bonds, Red Cross, Y, M.'.C. A. orWar Savings Stamps, serves to openthe eyes of the workers to the littleness and meanness of people in eachcommunity. Right here in Harrisoncounty are men whose wealth runsup into five or more figures who havedone practically nothing to help finance the war. They are holding fora higher 'per cent.' Some of themare loud spoken in urging others togive or buy, but don't do anythingthemselves. Some, are sullen, doggedly refusing, or putting up the lying excuse that their money is not'available.' You know who they are.We know who they are. They knowwe both know who they are, andwhen the war gets more bitter, as itsurely will, and our boys are fallingright and left on the battlefields, asthey surely will, do they -suppose weare going, to stand idly by and letthese contemptible Per Cent. Patriotsenjoy their x wealth? Not on theirlife! There is going to be somethingdoing."mm mWe are very fond of dogs. But wecan't understand why some membersof the dog family imagine tha it isup to them tp sleep alKday'and bark'CHAIRMAN BEDFORD -BEPORTSON W. S. S. STAMP CAMPAIGNChairman S. E. Bedford, of thebourbon County War Savings Stampommittee, reports the result of thewar Savings Stamps Campaign ingourbon County as follows:gtamps delivered $350,000stamps paid for and undelivered J 40,000Unpaid pledges , 30,000$420,000ine above sales aggregating$420,000 exceeds Bourbon County'squota by $70,800 the quota beingd49,200. Besides the above gratifying figures, Chairman Bedford isOf the oniniori t.Virrh ntiPT nVicf-nirtions will yet come to him, therebyswelling the figures to an even greateramount.Chairman Bedford is highly pleasedover the magnificent TesTioiiRPs'ninrfij1to his appeals in behalf oi the WarSaviners Stamns s1ps nnri "PppIh timf"the success of the great drive in Bour-uon oounty is not alone due to theefforts of his helpers, but to the patriotism of the good people of Bourbon. They responded quickly aridmost liberally in the War SavingsStamps drive as they have done in allprevious war calls.Recent additions to the War, Savings Stamns Honor Roll of mavi-mum purchasers have been announcedas ioiiows:Prank Park, $1,000.Fred Park, $1,000.Jo Conner, $1,000.Mrs. Harry Simon, $1,000.J. N. Kendall, $1,000.Lou Taylor, $1,000.G. W. Judy, $1,000.J. T. Hinton, $1,000.S3 Esl S3IT'S A MISTAKE MADE BY MANYPARIS RESIDENTSMany people in a misguided effortto get rid of kidney backache, rely onplasters, liniments and other makeshifts. The right treatment is kidney treatment and a remarkably recommended kidney medicine is Doan'sKidney Pills. Paris is no exception.The proof is at your very door.The following is an experience typical of the work of Doan's KidneyPills in Paris.Chas. Stewart, tinsmith, Lillestonavenue, Paris, says: "I have hadthree or four attacks of lumbago inthe past few years, the first being theworst. There was a constant, dullache ir my back and- often sharp,cutting pains darted through it. Itsomethimes seemed as though I couldhardly endure the misery. I trieddifferent remedies to no avail, until Igot hold of Doan's Kidney Pills, procuring them from the Ardery DrugCo. The first box helped me and Icontinued taking them until cured.Attacks since then have always beenslight, and Doan's Kidney Pills havenever failed to relieve me."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Stewart had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)SHOULD BE DONE EVERYWHEREBeginning July 1st, all the churchbells of Louisville will be rung dailyat 12 o'clock and Mayor Smith hasissued a proclamation calling on thepeople of that city to pause at leastone minute "unite in unspokenpledge consecrating ourselves to thecause of freedom and offer silentprayers for our country, our homesand our boys."E3 5 P3LAME SHOULDERThis ailment is usually caused byrheumatism of the muscles. All that,is needed is absolute rest and a fewapplications of Chapnberlain's Liniment. Try it.(adv-july)pa te ?nOne trouble with Henry Ford isthat there seems to be but one ofhim, with several placeshim.that -needTwin Bros.Department StoreBig Shoe SaleOn All Ozfords, Pumps,Low Cuts, Etc., in ourLadies,' Misses and Children's Shoe Department., Ladies low heel patentpumps, sizes 3 to 7, saleprice$3.49Ladies' high heel patentpumps, sizes 3 to 7, saleprice$3.99Ladies' high heel canvasoxfords, sizes 3 to 7, saleprice "$2.99Ladies' high heel canvaspumps, sizes 3 to 7, salef'rice$2.99Ludies' low heel canvaspumps, ankle strap, sizes 3to 7, sale-price$2.98SEE THEM IN THEWINDOW.finIf You are Thinking About aPipeless Furnaceand want it properly installedlet us figure with you.Satisfaction guaranteed. We areagents for the Lauref Furnace.None better.Were also exclusive agents for theVIKING CREAM SEPARATORSCall and let usLOWRY&MAYPainting Time Is Here!Don't Let Your Property DecayFor the Want of Paint !It is a waste of good money to buy cheap paint..We sell the Sherwin-Williams Paint have sold it:here for forty years. We can fill all your wante.to be found in a high class paint establishment.We do your painting rightWall Paperand Paper Hanging.C. A. DAUGHERTYFifth and Main Streets?IWCORMICKBINDERSBest in tbe WorldPLENTY OFBINDERTWINESee Us For All Kinds- of 'Farm Machinery"and SuppliesC. S. BALLCor.! Fourth and: . ' :show them to you. K-. -:iT-- !Pleasant St:GARAffiVrvn,v-tSiSrtttf-KrKf'" "c v& ."- wjwo.vw. -an nignt. -4 lihk sTia nliane-ac Vin nnhvkreatlnnTUESDAY,. JULY , ltll.TAUMftT-35-'"-lTHE BOURBON NEWS, PAWS, KY. T"I'59!1 REPOBT OF THE CONDITION OF THEFarmers & Traders Bankdoing business at the town of Paris, County of Bourbon, State of Kentucky, at the close of business on 25th of June, 1918:'iRESOURCESIxwrns and Discounts , ..$232,638.10Oyerdrafts, secured and unsecured ..,.;. 9,186.07Stocks, Bonds and other Securities 22,743.19Due from Banks ..' 20.241.27Cash on hand . 8,723.43Checks and other cash items 834.45Binking House Furniture and Fixtures 1,500.00- Total $295,866.51l ' LIABILITIES ' VCapital Stock paid in, in cash $ 60,000.00Surplus Fund 6,000.00Undivided Profits, less expenses and taxes paid. . . . .- 5,502.69Deposits subject to check $174,296.42 ,Time Deposits 46,045.26 , 220,341.68.Due Banks and Trust Companies 3,352.57Reserve for taxes .. . 669.57tSTATE OF KENTUCKY,County of Bourbon Set.'j We, Frank P. Kiser and W. W. Mitchell, President and Cashier of4he',ahove named' Bank, do solemnly swear that the above statement istrue to the best of our knowledge and belief.- ; FRANK P. KISER, President.v W. W. MITCHELL, Cashier.'Subscribed and sworn to before me this 8th day of July, 1918.C. K. THOMAS. Notary Public.V3kMy Commission Expires January 15,ii Correct Attest ::Charter No. 6323BEPORT OF CONDITION OF THEFIRST NATIONAL BANK,"At Paris, Ky., in the State of Kentucky, at the Close of Business on June-2J9,1918:.TAiiRESOURCES:a Loans and discounts (except' shown in b and c $580,842.40f Total Loans . . A 580,842.40t d Notes and bills re-J discounted (other - ,' thanbank accep-f tances sold) (see ,"' f Foreign Bills for Exchange or Drafts sold. with indorsement of this bank, not 1- shown under item d above (see Item' . 57c) tN5!' TJ. S. bonds (other than Liberty Bonds,.-' . but including U. S. certificates of in-' debtedness) :a U. S. bonds deposited to secure '-. circulation (par value) $100,000.00N b U. S. bonds and certificates of' indebtedness pledged to secureU. S. deposits (par value) 5,000.00. c U. S. bonds and certificates ofindebtedness pledged to securepostal savings deposits (parvalue)U. S. bonds and certificates ofindebtedness owned and unpledged , 35,000.00liberty Loan Bonds:va Liberty Loan. Bonds, 3 percent and 4 per cent, unpledged.. ... 62,950.00Bonds, securities, etc.. (other than u. S.):b Bonds other than U. S. bondspledged to secure Postal Savings vdeposits 4,000.00Total bonds, securities, etc., other than U. S. ....6.-7;9Stock of Federal Reserve Bank (50scription)"10 ' a Value of banking house $ 30,000.0013 .; Lawful reserve with Federal Reserve bank14., Items with Federal Reserve Bank in process of col-lection (not available as reserve)JL54. Cash in vault and net amounts due from national. :""jj banks10: - Net amounts due from banks and bankers, and trustcompanies other than-included in Items 13, 14,f and 15 .....18-j Checks on other banks in the same city or town asi reporting bank (other than. Item 17)" ; Total of Items 14, 15, 16, 17 and 18. . . .? 41,230.83l V. J. ilia auiuuuL is nut iuIS.Checks on banks located outside'",'f Porting bank and other cash items2'0.'Redemption fund with U. S. Treasurer and due from- U. S. Treasurer :22.TWar Savings Certificates and Thrift Stamps actual-3 ly owned3J30ther assets, if any. Due from customers' account of-Jw hond purchases 'LIABILITIES: . -24-Capital stock paid in ' $100,000.0025.Surplus fund $100,000.0026. a Undivided profits $ H',554.48if b Less current expenses, inter-j- est and taxes paid ,"28. Amount reserved "for taxes accrued30. 'Circulating notes outstanding"32. Net amounts due to National banks'Total of iterms 32 and 33 $ 1,674. isDemand deuosits (other than bank deposits) ' sub-iect to Reserve (deposits payable within 30 days):2Ar. Individual deposits suoject to check' 3 5.. 'Certificates of deposit due in less than 30 days (otherthan for money borrowed)36. !' Certified checks '. 'Total of demand deposits (other than bank deposits)-subject to Reserve, Items 34, 35, 36, 37, 38, 3940 and 41 $455,136.181 . (This amount is not to be extended.)"" Time deposits subiect to Eeserve (payable after 30. r;days, or subject to 30 days or more notice, and postal' r - savings: )44..cPostal savings deposits.- 45i "Other time deposits7 -iiuuu. ot tiuie uepusiuj auoject 10s " v, sterns 42, 43, 44 and 45(This amount is not to46 -United States deposits (other thanc. Ottier united States deposits,f U. S. disbursing officersUSTATE OF KENTUCKY, County&, James McClure, Cashier of the'swl&aa: that the above statement is" Slo ' ,u a a: Subscribed and sworn to before1 nAfMy commission .expires January, u Ar-i X -rfS-T-Total . . '. . :.. .. . v. . . .$295,866.511922. 'S. L. WEATHERS,D. W. PEED,M. HUME PAYNE.Directors.those"wr580,842.40. . 3,000.00'' ' x ?143,000.0062,950.004,000.006,000.0030,000.0045,334.2722,999.2910,876.62per cent of sub.' . . .4,364.182,990.74ue caicuucu.;of city or town of re-3,977.885,000.001,248.654,861.15Total $928,445.1811,554.482,727.69.-98,797.501,674.18448,261.186,500.00375.003,345.4315o'99916Jtteserve,$154,344 69be extended. "postal savings:)includinedeposits'4,210.46-4,210.46Total .. ..$928,445.18of Bourbon.above-named hn.nt a oi,itrue to the best nf mv v!. aJAMES. McCLURE Cashier.irie'this, 8th day of July, 1918.uuTBUiN, notary Public.23, 1922.Correct Attest: -"W. W. HALEY, 'E. J. BURRIS) -CHAS. C. CLARKE. '-Directors.v t -ors... ' f ju. - k. at fr t .jnr.myy- .,T.. , j ;&; taagKMASSIE HOSPITAL A WELL MAEAGED INSTITUTION. :f4The annual report of the BoardpfManagers of the Massie MemorialHospital, in this city, which is published below, shows that institutionto be in a sound financial condition,and also shows that it has been ablessing in disguise to the people ofParis. That it, has been well-managedis conclusively shown in the report, which is well worth perusing.The death rate at this Hospital hasbeen very low, and in many caseswhere patients were brought to theinstitution it was apparent that itwas merely a last resort, and thatthey could be" made comfortable"awaiting the inevitable end. Everything has been done to conserve andhusband the resources of the institu-Hon. J. W. Davis and Members of the Massie Memorial Hospital Board,Paris, Kentucky.Gentlemen: - ,. ,The fourth annual report for the year ending June 30, 1918, is herewith respectfully submitted: fCity DepartmentNumber of City Patients admitted during the year 23Number of days care and treatment for same 468Number of deaths for same 1 , 1Percentage of death rate 4 8-23County DepartmentNumber of County Patients admitted during the year 25Number of days care and treatment for same 853Number of deaths for same 5L 3Percentage of death rate 12Pay-Ward DepartmentNumber of Pay-Ward Patients admitted during the year 92Number of days care and treatment for same 948Number of deaths for same 5Percentage of death rate 5 49-92 .Private DepartmentNumber of Private Patients admitted during the year 157Number of days care and treatment for same :, 1606Number of deaths for same 7Percentage of death rate , 4 115-297Total for Private, PayLWard, City and CountyNumber of Patients admitted during the year 297Number of days care and treatment for same 3875Number of deaths 18Percentage of death rate 6 38-297Amount Received From All Sources:From Pay Patients, from City, from County and interests fromendowments $13,551.65Expenses for the year 13,739.79Peficit--...PAEIS PASTOR ON PROGRAM OFHAYSVILLE CHAUTAUQUARev. R. G. Combs, pastor of theFaris Methodist church, made "a hit-'at Maysville, Friday afternoon, when!he delivered his lecture-recital, "TlieKentucky Mountaineer," at the afternoon session of the Maysville Chautauqua. The Maysville Bulletin hasthe following handsome tribute tothis popular pastor: j"This afternoon at 3 p. m., we were,favored with an extra feature in thenature of a lecture by Rev. G. RCombs on the subject, "The Ken-Jtucky Mountaineer," consisting ofjioiK-iore ana narrative. cev. uomstyles himself 'One Uv 'Urn.'"tev. v. k. uomDs,is a son oBreathitt, the noted feud county. His the "youngest of a mountain fanwily of twelve children and he knowsthe hardships,, the hopes, the heart,,throbs of this people because he was'fotch up right thar.'"A lover of music from childhoodhe early came to recognize in thebeautiful things of folk lore that existed among his people something of !real merit. He soon recognized also jthat these things, which existed al-',most wholly and o-nly in traditional,!or unwritten form, were fast passing !away because the younger mountainpeople getting their first touch ofthe outside world, were no longer interested in them. And so he began1 (collecting both the words and tunes.It may be said frankly, however, th$jat nrst ne naa oniy a sngnt concepvtion of the real value of these thingsandUof how popular they would become. "Mr. Combs lays no claim to eitherthe gift or training of an artist,He loves his mountain people, heloves their simple, beautiful songsand his lecture recitals have been'prepared with "the hope that a manwho has been brought up among thesame hills that have been the in4spiration of the songs may be able toadd something to them in their pre1'sentation to the public that would,otherwise be lacking. He tells of theorigin, growth and inspiration of thesongs and sings them just as theyare actually sung by the people intheir mountain homes." ;B-4 TIREInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,AgtsPENDLETON HOME BURNS NEARWINCHESTER.The two-story brick residence be-1longing to D. L. Pendleton, nearBecknerville, in Clark county, burnedto the ground. The origin of theconflagration is not known. The occupants of the house, Mr. and Mrs.John. Adams, stated that they hadsmelt something burning at intervalssince the storm Sunday night.When it was discovered Mrs. Adams was in the yard and Mr. Adamswas at work on the farni. The flameshad gained such a headway that all.efforts to quench them were unavailing. .fe fe isFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.BACK PROM CAMP.The Bourbon county Boy Scoutswho have been spending a ten-days'-vacation, at uamp Daniel Boone, onthe Kentucky River, returned yesterday, full of pep, a-nd regretting thattheir stay had to be terminated. Theboys were as brown as berries, aridhad enjoyed every moment of theirstay at the camp. They were accompanied by Mr. Thos. J. Smith, assistant secretary of the Y. M. C. A. andProf. Prentice Lancaster, of the Har-rison, Ohio-, JPublic Schools, .who had-been spending a part of his vacation'1 - !... - - ij .I. w vmy JAm.11 'K 11 n n nm a n ar a' Ttion, yet every patient has beengiven the very best of attention.The .figures given in the reportshould be pleasing to the people ofthe city and county and to the taxpayers in general. They show thatthose in charge of the work have sowell managed that, despite the increased cost of everything in the wayof supplies, food stuffs, etc., the balance sheet shows a deficit of only$188.14. The additions to the building, recently completed, and the expense of maintaining them, will bean added -burden for the Board ofManagers and the staff in charge ofthe Hospital, Tut it is safe to saythat-the people of Bourbon countywill see that the institution ofwhich they have every reason to beproud, does not lack for funds withwhich to carry on its work.The following is the report: ,188.14M. BOEHME, Superintendent.For Sale.Five-passenger Ford, 1915 model,good as new new top, bodyjfendersand wheels. Call on or addressHARRY L. MITHCELL,(8-lt) Paris, Ky...Women AttendantsWanted.Wanted, women attendants. Experience not necessary, but preferred.Apply at or address, The CincinnatiSanitarium, College Hill Station,Cincinnati, Ohio. (8-4wks)The Home of Good ClothesHart Shaffner & Marx and KirschbaumCopxrlfifctWlS, A, B, Eirschbam Oe,Boy's ClothescJWothers who have been buying their boy's clothes here know they can depend on the service they give. Ask the boy about his clothes and he will say go toWalsh's for American Boy Clothes. We offer you latest . styles and patterns inwonderful values. t ,$5.00 to $15,007th arid MainFRANK &LADIES' OUTFITTERSCLEARANCESALERemnantsOF ALL KINDSfyGreat Reductionson,Suits, Coats, WaistsFRANK & CO.RA7E buy Men's andHart Schaflher C& Marx and Kirschbaumbecause we know tliey make only the best ofclothes irom the best ofon the fit and the tailoringThe values are above par, and you men whohave not bought yourselves any clothes should getbusy and lay in a supply while we can offer the values we are now giving.The very newest styles and patterns to selectfrom.$12.50TO$35.00R. P. WALSHOne-Price StoreeoJYoung Men's Suits fromfabrics and we can dependof the garments.Paris, Ky.4.v-r'-..., .vt ?.r TUESDAY, JULY , lilSr -'-, - j' "THE BOURBON NBWS, PABIS, KY.IXstmf&iFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSENOTICE, TAX PAYERS.Under the new law, all taxpayers are required to, call atour offices in the Court Houseand give in their tax lists. Theoffice of Assessor has been abolished, and the new law requiresthat you call at the offices ofthe undersigned Tax Commissioners and transact your business in regard to taxes. Wewill be in our offices every dayuntil further notice for thatpurpose. Call NOW and avoidpenalties for not doing so. Allproperty owners are required tobring a list of their property asof Julv 1st to the office.WALTER CLARK,Tax Commissioners for BourbonCounty.JNO. 1. REDMON, Deputy.(2july-tf)BED CROSS DRESSING ROOMSCLOSED THIS WEEK.Owing to the Chautiijqua beingheld here this week the Red Crosssurgical dressing rooms will be closed. Work will be resumed on Tuesdays and Fridays, next week, asusual.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.READ EVERY PAGffi.Every page of THE NEWS is fullof good reading. Owing to a pressureof advertising, much interestingmatter is being "run" on the insidepages. Look then over and don'tskip one or you may miss somethingreally good. Read every page of thisissue.ISfelSTHINGS TO WQKfrY ABOUT.A Lancaster church has installedelectric fans. Perhaps the minister ismaking things so hot for the congregation that it was thought best toimpresses upon them in some slightway how welcome and delightfulwill be the breezes which may be-found gently wafting along the banksof the River of Life by those whotravel that way. Anyway, it's not abad idea.NEW PLORIST AGENT.Order your cut flowers from us."We can furnish on short notice thebest to be had. Funeral designs,.corsage bouquets, wedding and party decorations, etc. We are agentsfor Hanoker, the florist the best inthe" State. t .(2july-tf) BRUCE HOLLADAY.Tsa TS TaHAIL INSURANCE,Insure your tobaccoagainst hail, I represent reliable, promptnavinsr romoanics.ROXIE DAVIS.(june4-tf)SPEEDER ARRESTED.If Newt Myers, of Carlisle, hadlealized what an alert offlcer was onthe job, he would have slowed downhis machine Sunday afternoon whilepassing through the streets of Paris.Newt, was hiking it up Mainstreet at a lively clip Sunday afternoon when Patrolman George W.Judy "got liis number" and placedhim under arrest. He was releasedi.nripr sin hnnd to appear beforeJudge Ernest Martin in Police Court.S 153 feSCARCITY OF LABOR.Farmers are reporling labor asbeing very scarce. One man toldTHE NEWS that the draft calls hadtaken ten men from his place, leavinghim practically without help in theharvest season. Another said thathe had been doing his own work forseveral weeks, being unable to gethelp.This is to be expected when somany men have gone from thefarms. In some cases as many asthree have gone from one home, andir has been impossible to supply mento take their places. Attempts havebeen made to solve the problem bythe women working with their nusbands and fathers in the tobacco andcorn fields, to say nothing of thewheat and hay harvesting.HAIL INSURANCE.Insure your tobaccoagainst hail. We represent reliable,prompt paying companies. YERKES & PEED.jly9 3t)15 S3 ?SCOUNTY TEACHERS ELECTED BYDIVISIONAL BOARDS.Miss Lillian Taylor Ferguson isvisiting relatives in Cleveland, Ohio.Miss Ora Offutt, of Richmond,is a guest of Miss Georgia Woods, inthis city.Miss Irene Rives, of Paris, hasreturned from a visit to friends inFrankfort.Mr. and Mrs. Thos. M. Funkhave as guest Miss Sarah CrockettTamlyn, of Carlisle.Miss Katherine Wills, of Harmon,avenue, returned Sunday from avisit to Miss Edna Huffman, in Covington. Mr. Z. L. Wilcox, Y. M. C. A.Secretary, is at home from a threeweeks' business and pleasure trip inthe East.Miss Margaret Haggard has rVturned to her home in Winchester after a visit to her aunt, Mrs. Jas. J.Haggard, in this city.Mrs. John Reading and littleson, James, have returned to Parisfrom a visit to Mrs. J. L. Gay, atPisgah, in Woodford county.Mrs. Fannie Paton Hutton, ofIndianapolis, Ind., is a guest of hersister, Mrs. Ossian Edwards, andother relatives in this city.Miss Anna Eads Peed is a guestof Mrs. Gray Rochester, in Louisville. On her return she will stop atLagrange for a visit to Mrs. Lee Dawson. Mr. El,mer Burnett has returnedfrom a week's vacation spent in Lebanon. He was accompanied home byMr. Charles Cornet, who will be hisguest.Among the guests registered atOil Springs Hotel, Oil Springs, inClark County, last week.were Mrs.D. S. Henry and daughter, MissCharlotte Henry, of Paris.Mr. J. Quincy Ward, of JFiankfort, Executive Agent of the Kentucky Game and Fish Commission,was a suest of his brother. Mr. J.Miller Ward, and other relatives yesterday. Miss Nannie Keith Snyder, ofLouisville, will be a guest of heraunt. Mrs. Win. O. Hinton and Mr.Hinton, on High street, for the remainder of the sumpier.Miss Aileen Ginn has returnedfrom a visit to Miss Willie Land ,McCarty, in Nicholasville. She wasaccompanied by Miss McCarty, whowill be her guest for several days.Mr. and Mrs. E. V. Elder havereturned to their home in Richmond,after a visit to Mr. Elder's brother,Mr. F. S. Elder, and Mrs. Elder, thelatter being a convalescent at theMassie Memorial Hospital.Owing to conflicting with theChautauqua, the Community Chorussinging which was to have been heldon the lawn at the home of Mr&. Walter Clark last night, was postponeduntil Monday night, July 15.Messrs. Robt. Frank and LeePrice, of the firm of Frank & Co.,will leave Friday for New York topurchase fall goods for the firm. Mr.Frank will visit his wife and daughter at Saranac Lake before returning.THE' PAEIS CHAUTATKHTA HAS'AUSPICIOUS OPENING.Everything looked lovely Saturdayfor a good day for all who attendedthe annual Chautauqua, the openingprograjm drawing a large attendance.Owing to the fact that the big tentunder which the programs are usually given had been delayed by afreight congestion at Chicago, theprograms were rendered both afternoon and evening in the auditoriumof the Paris High School. The entertainments were fully up to thestandard set by the management, andwere pleasing in every respect.The afternoon program opened atthree o'clock, with Black's EuropeanOrchestra as the principal attraction.This is a superior musical organization, each member an artist of distinctive merit. Joseph Black, theleader, and a noted violin virtuoso,was featured on the programs, hisofferings being gems of instrumentalselections. The same organizationappeared on the night program, in aconcert prelude of musical gems, andwere right royally received. An added attraction on the evening program was the appearance of Dr. JayWilliam Hudson, Professor of Philosophy at the University of Missouri,who delivered an impressive and eloquent talk on "American Ideals."The second .day's program was given Sunday afternoon in the GrandOpera House, where the remainder ofthe week's programs will be given.The chief attraction on the afternoonand night programs was the CecilianChorus, composed of I operatic andconcert artists of high order whogave a pleasing program of selections from light and grand operas,folk ditties, standard songs and recitals and songs in costume. Mr.Gabriel R. Maguire, who was on theprogram for a lecture on "With AnIrishman Through The Jungles of Africa," missed his connection, andcould not be present in time. Hisplace on yie program was ,most acceptably filled in the substitution ofRev. E. C. Violett, of Kansas City,Mo., who has appeared in revival services in Paris at intervals, and who isrecognized as one of the most eloquent ministers in the country. Mr.Violet held his audience sepell-boundby the magic of his oratory, and theycould gladly have listened to himmuch longer.Yesterday's program comprisedPearl O'Neil, Canadian reader andentertainer in Irish dialect, impersonations and dramatic readings, andClyde Wilson McCord, popular inspirational lecturer, in, the afternoon.At night Pearl O'Neill and Capt.Richmond P. Hobson, hero of theMerrimac incident, wlfo lectured on"America and The World War," filled in a pleasant evening for the audience. JTo-day the program will be as follows: Afternoon, at 3.00 o'clockVienra's Royal Hawaiians, in a delightful program of Hawaiian music,featuring Mr. and Mrs. Geo. W.Vierra;, evening at 8:00 o'clockVierra's Royal Hawaiians, in a musical offering, "A Night In HawaiiVand Bob Seeds, humorist and philosopher, in a lecture, "The Way It looksFrom The Road'Tsi pa laStore BuildingFixturesStock For Sale"f3-flI-2i-4alaHESRecent guests of Mayor E. B.January and, Mrs. January were StateTax Commissioner M, M. Logan andAppellate Judge J. C. Sampson, whowere en route to Frankfort fromMiddlesboro, where they had been onlegal business. .Mr. W. B. Tinsley, of St. Louis,Mo., was a visitor in Paris severaldays last week, renewing old friendships. Mr. Tinsley was associatedwith the Paris Gas & Electric Co. inits clerical department several yearsago, and became very popular withParis people. He was accorded awarm welcome here by his friendsand a cordial invitation to "comeand stay longer."Mrs. Thos. Holladay, Mr. andMrs. Lloyd Holladay and daughter,Frances, of near Paris, were amongthe guests present Friday at a dining given in Winchester in honor ofthe sixty-seventh birthday anniversary of Mrs. T. I. Wills. The affairwas entirely a surprise to Mrs. Wills,the guests bringing every thing. withthem and arranging the dining without letting Mrs. Wills know of it.(Other Personals on Page 3.)ip lS TS3BOURBON FISCAL COURT.CANNING AND PRESERVINGTIME.Specials for two weeks on tin cansand Mason jars.Star Tin Cans, 65 cents per dozen;Mason Fruit Jars, (quarts) 85 centsper dozen, V2 gallon size, 95 centsper dozen.MARGOLENS' SANITARY MEATMARKET. (2-4t)1 , ,WAttend TheGLOSINC OUT SALEOFSIMONMAIN STREET, PARIS, KY.Which is Now Going On.-utwrwiwiwrTimmmimmmmummmBBBBB.-1VICTROLARECORDSFOR JULYThe 'following teachers of countyschools under the supervision of .Divisional Boards Nos. 3 and 4 wereelected Saturday at a meeting of theBoards, held in the office of Superintendent J. B. Cay wood:Division No. 3, MciMillan 'SchoolMiss Lula Graham; Colville MissTalbott; Purdy Miss Alice Grimes;Tarr Miss Eugenia Fishback.Division No. 4. Deaver Miss Bessie Sweeney; Letton Miss Fay McWhorter; Cane Ridge Miss MaryRoss. There were no applicants forthe Berry school.For the Millersburg school the following teachers .were elected: MissFolsom .McGuire, principal; assistants, Miflf Mildred Burch, MissGeorgia McDaniel and Miss NancyWhaley, , ,..-.The July term of the Bourbon Fiscal Court convened in the CountyCourt room, with Judge George Batterton presiding, and the followingJustices present: L. J. Fretwell, E.P. Thomason, R. H. Burris, John S.Talbott, A. L. Stephenson, John S.Wiggins, John N. Shropshire and R.0. Turner.A committee composed of JusticesBurris and Turner and County RoadEngineer Ben F. Bedford was appointed to consider the advisabilityof the county appropriating moneyfor the rebuilding of the Wyatt andReynolds pike. The Court appropriated ?300 for the improvement ofthe Endicott dirt road, the work tobe supervised by the County RoadEngineer. -A resolution was passedinstructing the County Road engineer to require all people living alongthe road in the county to remove allobstructions from the roadside andto trim all trees that interfere withtravel. The County Road Engineerwas also instructed to advertise forbids for surface treatment for theMnrfh Middletown oike.The, resignation of Dr. H. M.Hamilton as County Livestock Inspector was accepted, and Dr. ArthurPlummer was appointed as his successor. The Court appropriated thesum' of $100 for the purpose of anartificial leg for W. C. Carter. Thebone of Carters leg became aiseaseasome months ago, necessitating amputation. Carter stated that if hecoultf be supplied with an artificialleg he would be enabled to supporthis family, so they would not becomea charge upon the public.The Court authorised and instructed. County Treasurer S. E. Bedford to borrow the sum of $10,000for the use of the Turnpike Fund.A large number of claims againstthe county were allowed and orderedpaid, after Avhich the Court adjourned to meetagain on Atigustl.1 18451. A Soldier's Day. Parodies of the Camp GeoffreyO'Hara. 85c.s18468. Theresa Little BlueStar in the Windew HenryBurr. Some Day They're Coming Home Again Macdonoughand Orph. Qt. 85c18466. War Ballad Medley(Fox Trot). Eclipse Medley(One-Step) Pietro. 85c.70120. From the North. South,East and West Harry Lauder.$1.25.18471. TheVolunteers (March)Liberty "Forever (March) Victor Military Band. 85c.74559. Angels EverN Brightand Fair-Alma Gluck. $1.50.64778. Little Mother of MineJohn McCormack. $1 00.to 4007. urpneus jBaiiet. rnii-adelphiaJDrchestra. $1.50."iniQutthsQM;9km- mi4 -rjgfe --- jJfDaugherty Bros.Fifth and Main- Kodaks Victrolaspiiyit KsasyTHE EASIEST AND BEST WAYTo Keep Your Home Fresh and Clean- Is to Use ABISSMLL CARPETOR -VACUUM SWEBPBREVERY DAYSee those in our window. You knowand we know that BISSELLS are the best.oTHEJ.THINTONCO."EITHERPHONE" 36 SIXTH AND MAIN STS.MOTOR HEARSE -MOTOR INVALID GOACH UNDERTAKING!10frsL'tV?ZNVRi9eBBc 4:1If !i'a! "it 4WZimg1itIVtf)MHIKft1TOTSDAT JULY f, lfir.Yinsxi"' "i" "Liability $y.wmy.iiIKIRegistrants.Lists of names of ninety-nine registrants, seventy-eight wjiite registrQntc ond 9,1 colored registrants, were Friday given their numbers inthe order of their liability for Military Service, by the Bourbon CountyThe local Board placed '.the registrants under the Tules and regulationsas 'promulgated by the War Department at Washington, and their order ofliability for Military Service follows below.Each registrant is urged Dy the local Board to remember his numberthereby assisting the Draft Board in their labors. The new registrants arefrom the selects who registered in the Class of June 1918, and are as' follows: Tjhe!Pendletonhop135 EAST MAIN ST., OFF. PHOENIX JSOTELLEXINGTON, KENTUCKYu 9IjTHE BOUHBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.I"AKI!Meat Mas t Be SoldFrah meat b perishable. Itmust be to W within about twoweeks for whaterer it will bring.A certain amount erfbeef is frozen for foreignshipment, but domesticmarkets demand fresh,chilled, unfrozen beetSwift & Company cannot increase prices bywithholding meat, becauseit will not keep freshand salable for more thana few days after it reachesthe market.Swift & Company caimot tenat the time of purchasing catfle,what price fresh meat will bringwhen put on sale. If betweenpurchase and sale, market conditions change, the price of meatmust afao change.The Food AdministrationItfmfa our profit to 9 per cent oncapital invested in the meatdepartments. This is about 2cents per dollar of sales. Noprofit is guaranteed, and therisk of loss is not eliminated.As a matte of fact, meat isoften sold at a loss because ofthe need of selling it before itspoils.Swift & Company, U.S. A-MEN" WANTED EOR "Y" SERVICEIN PRANCE.The Y. M. C. A. wants the following men for service in France:Truck drivers, recreational secretaries, business men and a few volunteer women workers.How would you like to drive amotor truck for the Y. M. C. A. inPrance?There is a chance for you, if youcan meet the requirement.The National War Work CouncilWHEN YOU BUYYOU WANT YOURMONEY'S WORTH !n I Im P X. J) I Ht 1 1i'ig?2-$i0jR KkILCheap breeze is more important to yon than cheap fans; because the fans are paid for once,the breeze continually.OJtstindDwst fanshave proved their ability to give' the most breeze for the least expenditure, and for this reasonare money savers.Paris Gas & Electric Co.of the Y. M. C. A. desires immediately100 expert men who own their carsand know enough about them tomake minor repairs if necessary fora truck transportation service withthe American Expeditionary forcesand the French army.This service offers great opportunity to the man who is beyond draftage, in sound physical conditionand wants to go across."Now we desire as many volunteers as possible, - who can contribute their service," says the Council'sstatement just received. "We welcome the man with the highest typewho can afford to go overseas at hisown expense. We don't pay highsalaries, but men with dependentsare assured that their families willbe amply provided for while they arein France."There is an immediate need of 500physical recreation leaders, especially for overseas service in France,England and Italy. A knowledge ofFrench or Italian should lean toward service with the troops of thesecountries.To make for a maximum of health,endurance and skill, as well as provide entertainment and recreation atbase camps and in villages wheremen are billeted and rest camps afterthe emotional exhaustion of the frontlines, men Qualified to organize, tiro-mote and lead recreational activitiescan be of untold service at this time.You can make "leave" an asset instead of a liability to the army; youcan increase skill and endurance,very prominent factors in the present fighting; ypu can ward off "shellshocks." You can help made anarmy of "good cheer."For further information write tothe State Recruiting Committee, 345Association Building, Louisville, Ky.THE JOY OF LIVING.To enjoy life we must have goodhealth. No one can reasonably hopeto get much real pleasure out of lifewhen his bowels are clogged a goodshare of the time and the poisons thatthat should be expelled are absorbedinto the system, producing headacheand indigestion. A few doses ofChamberlain's Tablets will move thebowels, strengthen the digestion andgive you a chance to realize the realjoy of living. Try it...., , - - m. , . , . (adV-july)438023222175504786607392054297NameHarry CurrentElmer DotyBryan JonesWilliam Russell ThurmanLonnie Tanner LeachStanley E. BowlesJames CraycraftEzekiel Hobert MillerRussell AllenVirgil DelaneyMcVey HowardBarton Stone Rhorer CyEdward K. MyallGeorge White FithianJennings Bryan CrumpWillie BakerErnest HowardJohn H. EdgintonJulian Grosjean RogersWilliam GinnWilson MaconRobert Floyd MorganJohn Thornton WoodfordScott MitchellGeorge Leroy GayRoyce R. TaylorRaymond MclntyreWilliam Robert BrannockCarlos Vain JohnsonRowland HarrisWallace Walter FreemanOllie Russell PratherJohn E. AdamsGeorge Francis FitzpatrlckRobert Carl CooperJames Clarence DotsonWilliam E. ViceEdward A. BrophyWesley ThomasJerry JacksonEdward David SmartWillie SearsLucien BrownCharlie HallThomas FitzgeraldJames Swango EllingtonArline ThomasOttis Clay ArgoTilford Burnett, Jr.Clarence RobertsonRobert Orville HillJohn Thomas GarrisonR. L. FilerGeorge WashingtonRiley MitchellIra Shelton RoseStrawder WessBryan HashWillis CasonJohn Right ScottJohn Kenney LeachJohn MahorneyHarry BrownCharles Stephens SpearsCharlton Evans JonesJohn Henry ErionTaylor SmithEd SpeakesThomas B. LettonWilliam Jennings B. PrewittLeslie Raymond LinkLeonard Hutson OliverHenry HawkinsHerman Clay Banta NClyde Holton HitchWilliam McClanahanAlvin HeflinRamsey Bryan PergremGeorge Hobart OsborneArthur Grant ShanksDello PerryCharles Columbus TateHarold EwaltHenry CampbellWilliam T. SmithWilliam HawkinsHarvey JohnsonAndy Karl CaywoodArlie Forest YatesHolmes SmartFrancis Trigg BreezeFrank JohnsonJoe B. NapierTom HashEarl Robertson KingGeorge Riley FaulknerHenry Earven ColumbiaDavid Claude MannAlbert GainesOrder Address on RegNo. istration Card1 Millersburg, Ky.2 7th St. Paris Ky.3 Scott Ave., Paris, Ky.4 R. 7. Paris, Ky.5 Main St., Paris, Ky.6 547 7th Paris, Ky.7 Millersburg, Ky.8 134 12th Paris, Ky.9 Lylesville, "Paris, Ky.10 210 Main, Paris, Ky11 15th St. Paris, Ky.rf 12 R 8. Paris, Ky.13 1025 Main, Paris Ky.14 Broadway, Paris, Ky.15 Millersburg, Ky.16 Millersburg, Ky.17 R. 1 Paris, Ky.18 215 8th Paris, Ky.19 R. 2. Paris, Ky20 Hutchison, Ky21 E. 14th,. Paris, Ky22 R. 8, Paris, Ky.23 Paris, Ky.24 Escondida, Ky.25 R. 8, Paris, Ky. '26 R. 8, Paris, Ky.27 R. 8, Paris, Ky.28 R. 5, Paris, Ky.29 R. 2, Paris, Ky.30 137 Kelly, Paris, Ky.31 R. 1, Winchester, Ky.ColorWh.Wh.Wh.Wh.Wh.Col.k Wh.Wh.Col.Wh.Wh.Wh.Wh.Wh.Wh.Col.Wh.Wh.Wh.Wh.Col.Wh.Wh.'Col.Wh.Wh.Wh.Wh.Wh.Col.Wh.We Extend a Cordial Invitationto Visit Our New Store,and Solicit YourPatronage1GOWNSSUITSHATS32 R. 1, North Middletown, Ky. Wh.66 xv. i, x-aris, ivy.34 R. 1, Chilesburg, Ky.35 107 10th, Paris, Ky.36 818 High, Paris, Ky.37 R. 4, Paris, Ky.38 Paris, Ky. ,39 R. 6, Paris, Ky.40 R. 6, Paris, Ky.41 Parrish, Paris, Ky.42 R. 1, North Middletown, Ky43 R. 7, Paris, Ky.44 R. 1, Paris, Ky.45 R. 7, Cynthiana, Ky.46 Millersburg, Ky.47 15 Turner St., Paris, Ky.48 R. 8, Paris, Ky.49 19th St. Paris,' Ky.50 Millersburg, Ky.51 R. 9, Cynthiana, Ky.52 West St. Paris, Ky.53 R. 6, Paris, Ky.54 24 Thompson, Paris, Ky.55 Cypress, Paris, Ky.56 K. 7, Paris,. Ky.57 North Middletown, Ky.58 R. 2, Paris, Ky.59 North Middletown, Ky.60 1336 Newtown, Paris, Ky.61 R. 8, Paris, Ky.62 R. 9, Cynthiana, Ky.63 North Middletown, Ky.64 Stoner Ave., Paris, Ky.95 North Middletown, Ky.66 Cypress St., Paris, Ky.67 Locust, Paris, Ky.68 Millersburg, Ky.69 R. 3, Paris, Ky.70 R. 2, Paris, Ky.71 R. 1, Hutchison, Ky.72 R. 7, Paris, Ky.73 Millersburg, Ky.74 R. 3, Sharpsburg, Ky.75 Millersburg, Ky.76 R. 1, North Middletown77 Millersburg, Ky.78 908 Main, Paris, Ky.79 R. 2, Paris, Ky.80 R. 5, Paris, Ky.81 R. 1, Paris, Ky.82 R. 6, Paris, Ky.83 348 Railroad, Paris, Ky.84 R. 1, Paris, Ky.85 R. 5, ,Paris, Ky.86 R. 1, Carlisle, Ky.87 908 Main, Paris, Ky.88 R. 5, Paris, Ky.89 R. 8, Paris, Ky.90 R. 6, Paris, Ky.91 R. 8, 'Paris, Ky.92 Short, Paris, Ky.93 R. 4, Paris, Ky.94 R. 2, Paris,,, Ky.95 211 Houston, Paris, Ky.96 R. 5, Paris, Ky.97 R. 1, Hutchison, Ky.98 1858 Brent, Paris, Ky.99 R. 6, Paris, Ky.Wh.Wh.Wh.Wh.Wh.Wh.Col.Col.Wh.Wh.Wh.Wh.Wh.Wh.Col.Wh.Wh.Wh.Wh.Wh.Wh.Col.Wh.Wh.Col.Wh.Col.Col.WJh.Wh.Col.Wh.Wh.Wh.Col.Col.Wh.Wh.Wh.Wh.Col.Wh.Wh.Wh.Wh.Wh.Wh.Wh.Wh.Wh.Wh.Col.Wh.Col.Wh.Wh.,Wh.Wh.Wh.Col.Wh.Wh.Wh.Wh.Wh.Wh.Col.JUDGE STOUT RESTRAINS NEWBOARD OF HEALTH.Judge Robert L. Stout, of theFranklin Circuit Court, entered a restraining order Saturday against thenew State Board of Health at theinstance of Dr. J. N. McCormick,secretary of the old board, and Dr. W.Richmond and Dr. L. A. Sherley, ofthe board.The order restrains them from exercising any of the functions of aState Board of Health, organizingany of its bureaus and from takingpossession of the office, books and accounts, or of claiming any of therights or title to the office, as membersof the board, or interfering in anyway with the old board's activities.The petition before Judge Stoutnames all the members of the newboard, and denounces the sectioncreating the new board as aviolationof the constitutional requirementthat the subject matter of all the sections of an act must be mentionedin the title of the act and (must berelated to it.?3 fe 1 -SIXTEEN KILLED. 200 WOUNDEDBY WAR PLANT EXPLOSIONBRITISH AIRMAN'S STARTLINGPLAN TO END WAR!At least 16 persons were killed and200 injured and the huge plant of theSemet-Solvay Company at Split Rock,near Syracuse, N. Y., virtually wrecked by two explosions of trinitrouluolat 9:30 o'clockTuesday night.Terrific concussions from the explosions of the powerful war powderrocked large business buildings inthe center of this city, smashed plate'glass windows and caused a panic intlie residential portion of -the townas if it had been shaken by an earthquake. This is a strange world in which'there is more joy over one SundaySchool Superintendent who , goesastray -than. 'there1 is over ninety andniie porchclimbers who reform.. The claim that Handley Page, theBritish air constructor, could turnout 10,000 "super-aerial dreadnaughts in the United States by April1, 1919," was made in a formalstatement in New York, Saturday, byW. H. Workman,, special representative in this country of HandleyPage, Ltd.These planes, Mr. Workman declared, could be landed in Franceunder their own power, with enoughguns, bombs and aviators to "defeatthe Germans within 30 to 60 days, ifwe start now."After announcing that he had acquainted the War Department andthe Aircraft Board with this proposition, Mr. Workman said he believednone ofthe 10,000 planes would oelost in translantic flights and thatwith a British and American aviator,he would be willing to make the firstflight, proceeding from Newfoundland to France by way of the Azoresand Portugal. v- Es jsa iTMRS. BURNS' LETTER.-Here is a letter that is certain toprove of interest to people in this vicinity, as cases of this sort occur inalmost every neighborhood, and people should know what to do in likecircumstances: ....,.Savannah, Mo., Oct. 12,1916.I used a bottle of Chamberlain'sColic and Diarrhoea Remedy aboutnine years ago and it cured me offlux (dysentery.) I had anotherattack of the same complaint somethree or four years ago -and a fewdoses of this remedy cured me. -Ihave recohimended .Chamberlain'sColic and Diarrhoea Remedy to dozensiof people since I;first 'y) -Now is the Timeto Figure on YourSpring PaintingANDPaperingLet Us Make an Estimate for You Before Placing Your Order, CallUs Over Home Phone 399.iKAINE BROS.HELP WIN THE WAR!Spend your vacation on the farm helping harvestthe American crop, then take the proceeds of this laborand purchaseWar Savings Stamps!Telephone your farmer friend. He will be glad tohear from you.Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Go.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, W. H. CANNON,District Manager. Ltctl Manager.GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, KtfA MAN AND HIS WIFE" Irfl 1 1 'TUii m mSM I Vmay both derive saiisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of bearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat ypu are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings us.LEVY, THE DRYCumberland Phone 40 ;"V; ,-CLEANERHome Phbri 169-2v i- -fV7TUESDAY, JULY ? 1918.: kw -vibmTHE BOURBON NBWS, PAEIS, KT.n-.. a i i uu .- ' IJ r -38wTB-"- r?iilJE3EE3EaBsH3ZAre the Packers Profiteers?Plain Facts About the Meat BusinessThe Federal TradeCommission in its recent report on warprofits, stated that the five large meat packers have beenprofiteering and that they have a monopoly of the market.These conclusions, if fair and just, are matters of seriousconcern not only to those engaged in the meat packingbusiness but to every other citizen of our country.The figures given on profits are misleading and thestatement that the packers have a monopoly is unsupported by the facts.The packers mentioned in the report stand ready to provetheir profits reasonable and necessary.t ,The meat business is one of the largest American industries. Any citizen who would familiarize himself with itsdetails must be prepared for large totals.The report states that the aggregate profits of four largepackers were $140,000,000 for the three war years.This sum is compared with $19,000,000 as the averageannual profit for the three years before the war, makingit appear that the war profit was $121,000,000 greaterthan the pre-war profit.This compares a three-year profit with a one-year profita manifestly unfair method of comparison. It is not onlymisleading, but the Federal Trade Commission apparentlyhas made a mistake in the figures themselves.The aggregate three-year profit of $140,000,000 wasearned on sales of over four and a half billion dollars. Itmeans about three cents on each dollar of sales or amere fraction of a cent per pound of product.Packers' profits are a negligible factor in prices of livestock and meats. No other large business is conductedupon such small margins of profit.Furthermore and this is very important only a smallportion of this profit has been paid in dividends. Thebalance has been put back into the businesses. It had tobe, as you realize when you consider the problems thepackers have had to solve and solve quickly duringthese war years.8To conduct this business in war times, with higher costsand the necessity of paying two or three times the formerprices for live stock, has required the use of two or threetimes the ordinary amount of working capital. Theadditional profit makes only a fair return on this, and ashas been stated, the larger portion of the profits earnedhs been used to finance huge stocks of goods and to provide additions and improvements made necessary' by theenormous demands of our army and navy and the Allies.If you are a business man you will appreciate the significance of these facts. If you are unacquainted with business, talk this matter over with some business acquaintance with your banker, say and ask him to compareprofits of the packing industry with those of any otherlarge industry at the present time.No evidence is offered by the Federal Trade Commissionin support of the statement that the large packers have amonopoly. The Commission's own report shows the largenumber and importance of other packers.The packers mentioned in the statement stand ready toprpve to any fair minded person that they are in keencompetition with each other, and that they have no powerto manipulate prices.If this were not true they would not dare to make thispositive statement.Furthermore, goverment figures show that the five largepackers mentioned in the report account for only aboutone-third of the meat business of the country.They wish it were possible to interest you in the detailsof their business. Of how, for instance, they can selldressed beef for less than the cost of the live animal, owing to utilization of by-products, and of the wonderfulstory of the methods of distribution throughout this broadland, as well as in other countries.The five packers mentioned feel justified in co-operatingwith each other to the extent of together presenting thispublic statement R?They have been able to do a big job for your governmentin its time of need; they have met all war time demandspromptly and completely and they are willing to trust theircase to the f airmindedness of the American people withthe facts before them.'Armour and CompanyCudahy Packing Co. ,Morris & CompanySwift & CompanyWilson & Company(ALLEGED PRO-GERMANS ARRESTED AT COVINGTON.COVINGTON, KY., July 8. Agroup of 'prominent Kentuckians,living in and near Latonia, weresummoned into court early Thursdayby Covington police and members ofthe Citizens' Patriotic league. Themen, including several widely knownbusiness men, went to Covingtonpolice headquarters and remainedthere until a special "Court of Inquiry" was opened by Judge Read.Henry Feltman, tobacco dealer,Taylor Mill road, near Latonia, Ky.C. B. Schoberg, former magistrateof Latonia, shoemaker.J. Henry Kruse, secretary andtreasurer of Bavarian Brewing company, residence, 3625 Park Avenue,Latonia.Jake Momberg, tailor, 3907 Huntington Avenue, Latonia.The "Court of Inquiry" had beencalled and the men summoned as thefiled with Judge Read by Commonwealth Attorney Blakely of Covington. In the "information"it was alleged that the men havebeen "guilty of divers and sundrytreasons."Sensational statements alleged tohave been overheard through use ofa dictagraph placed in the First National Bank building, Latonia, connecting with the shoe store of C. B.Schoberg, one of the men summoned,were the basis of the action and wereput in form to be presented to the"Court of Inquiry." The CitizensPatriotic league of Covington,through .Commonwealth AttorneyBlakely, had been making the investigations in Latonia for four months,Mr. Blakely said.The following, according to theevidence submitted at the Court ofInquiry in Covington, are extractsfrom the dictasrraDh records of conversations at meetings inthe Schoberg shoe store. The names oi tnemen supposed to have uttered thestatements were given in the record."Germany knows more about warin a minute than the United Statescan ever know. The United States isworn out.""If Germany is successful in getting the territory they are after, thenthe U. S. had better look out.""American will be another Rumania. The U. S. is not trainingtheir men. enough; they are just making more cannon fodder.""I 'see where they have sunk threeships that the U. S. sent over.""The Germans are giving the Alliesp.n introduction to the fighting game;look out for hell from now on.""We will show these d foolsover here something."" I hope the Germans tear throughFrance like they did in Belgium,then they will be in a position tocontrol the seaports and give Americahell.""Germany is going through like astreak. Things look rosy all 'round.""I knew about the rotten condi-9tion in cantonments, but have to keepmy mouth shut if I don't want to goto jail.""It is all right to sink transportscoming back, but what we want isto sink them going over and killever d one of them."(Speaking of a German general) :'"He licked the Russians and willlick the English, French and Americans." "I am getting sick of cornmeal. Iwish the Germans were in Paris already, then it would be over now.The only thing that saves the U. S. isthe ocean. The American soldiersare poltroons and bums.""I hope the big Berthas have goteveryooay guessing. You can't holdthe Germans back. I see where tneyhave sunk three ships the U. S. sentover."The accused men were placed under arrest on Federal warrants " following their arraignment in the 'courtof inquiry. The same court roomthen became a United States tribunaland Federal Commissioner M.B. Bell succeeded Judge Read on thebench. The eight men pleaded notguilty to the charge and preliminaryhearing was set for Friday, July 12.They were required to execute bondin the sum of $15,000 each, exceptHerman Rawe, who was released onhis own recognizance, testimony having shown that Rawe, who is verydeaf and adyanced in years, hadstoutly defended the Red Cross whenit Avas attacked by a man in Scho-'feergs store. ' """SOLDIERS AND SAILORS CAN NOWGIVE LOCATION.American soldiers and officers stationed at posts behind the front mayreveal the secrets of their whereabouts to friends and relatives athome, according to a new ruling ofthe army authorities. They may indicate freely that they are at Tours,or at other behind-the-line posts andmay receive their mail so addressed.It is still forbidden, however, tosend to America, or anywhere elsefor that matter, any picture postcards of the places where the troopsare stationed. The base censor doesnot feel like -taking a chance onsending out photographs that mightcome into German hands.CHAMBERLAIN'S TABLETS.These tablets are intended especially for stomach troubles, biliousness and constipation. If you haveany trouble of this sort, give them atrial and realize for yourself what afirst class medicine will do for you.They only cost a quarter.v (adv-july)It is not surprising that the Turkish loan has failed. You 'coujdhardly expect a Turk to Tiave enoughtrust in himself to lend himselfmoney. tThe Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.West 5 Streeti 1111 w YltS ' ' " i rt J ?'aaGrfeiirr-! Satisfaction is Oarj WatchwordI With all the latest im-jO; provements in laundry'?' V3I appliances and expertjTi '-rr1 I to do work inferior toJj none, and solicit yourjbss patronaee.iTJjrBourbon Laundry,Paris KcntNoky.-Vt&TUESDAY, JULY , 111.'4G1 EIGHT'tEllinilHnHH4IHH4HHUHirillllllMlMCSKSS THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMOTHE BOURBON, NEWS, PARIS, KY.' If!i ;! V."The J. T. Hinton Co. jUNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMBRSJfttfalnand SixthStreetsA Paris Ky.Day phone 36NlKht : . .56or HomeiseMotor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourdmousine Invalid Coach. ,Hearse used for funeral purposes only.jnsBiiLLLLLLLLLiLLIgtCtl'ittttttM1'?'-4 Thomason; Committee on Ground and-MILLERSBURG-IvTr. M. M. Jones is improving1a short illness.Mrs. It. M. Caldwell visited her3Pr5nts, Mr. and Mrs. Bayles DeBell,a ISwing, Friday.-Master Ralph Borner left Fri-'abcy-fora visit to his aunt, Mrs.Arrangements, Dr. F. A. Herbert; onEntertainment and Recreation, Dr.H. M. Boxley; on Publication, R. M.Caldwell. The program for the coming Chautauqua is a strong one.Lieut. Hobson, of the Merrimacfame, will be with us on the eveningof the third day. The programpromises us some of the best oratorsof the country. Most of the lectureswill be patriotic in character. Themusical program is equally strong.Let everybody get a program andTuesday, July 9thWHSiartn Fox PresentsWM, FARNUMIN"The Conquerer"A. thrilling picture of the romantictime" of General Sam Houston. In themaking of this picture were employed8,000 people, U. S. Cavalrymen, TexasRangers, Mexican Soldiers and Sioux Indians. Also Antonio Moreno and Pearl White, in"THE HOUSE OF HATE77Wednesday, July 10thJesse L, Lasky PresentsWallace ReidThursday, July 11th" Goldwyn PresentsMadge KennedyININ"Believe Me, Xantippe"You've seen the play here.Also a "Luke" Comedy,and Pathe News FeatureNo. 49."The Danger Game"A story of melodramatic daring.Also a Mutt and JeffComedy, "Hospital Orderlies," and Pathe News Feature,PricesAt the Alamo Children5c war tax lc; Adults 13c war tax 2c.At the Paris Grand -Children 5c-war tax lc; Adult 13c war tax 2c.Colored persons, Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 10c-war tax lc."CPKcirvvn . at. "MavRvilTft.Mr, tr p ffnnnpr. nf Mavsiir.v I read it. Season tickets, $2.00 forW5 the guest of her sister, Mrs. J. adults, $1.0u for children. Let every-C loer, Saturday and SundayLieut. G. M. Jones left Sturday3fer Norfalk, Va., where he will enter3S& ship after a ten-days' furlough atMr. Clarence Riggs, who under--jwLut an operation some weeks ago,body attend. We must go over thetop in this, as we have in everythingwe have undertaken. Remember Pres-ident Wilson and our government encourages Chautauquas, and urges every patriotic person to attend them.Don't forsret the dates Julv 12 toxfce Good Samaritan Hospital, Lex-!16 inciusiYe- Twelve big entertain-jton, arrived home Saturday muchroved.&Tt n-nri Mrs .T. TT Miliar left '- " flaBoe&ay for their home at Memphis, '"TBkitu, after a two-weeks' visit to ;rtWt i parents, Mrs. Elizabeth Miller '9ia ur. ana aits. w. vx. uaiiey.Mrs. D. M. Hurst and daughter,THisl Hoy Endicott, and niece, MissBonatree, the latter of St. Joseph,ments for two dollars.Ti Si ?ei-C5-5t)religious;All members of the ExecutiveBoard of the Presbyterian Christianafe.. returned Friday after several Endeav0r Society are urged to be-arets sojourn at Martinsville, Ind. present at a (meeting at the home of. . , i lvirs. j. u. wncox, on uuacan ave-gton, of Memphis, Tenn., arrived ipuGt this evening (Tuesday) at 8ttnrday as guests of their uncle and 0'Ci0ck. Important business and2X. ivir. ana :urs. v.. vv. rnn&- other plans are to be discussed., , .. . . J Those expected to be present are the-Mr. Blanton Cillier returned to officers of the Society and the chairman of each committee.STOCK, CROP, ETC.,iiiiiiiiitiiiiiiitiiiiiiiiimiinimuimi,lHti.t,tti,itLIFT OFF CORNS!Mrs Home at Pari?. Friday, atter aseveral days' visit to William and"Hzxt Miller, who accompanied himSsKive, returning Saturday afternoon.:Dr. M. H. Dailey, of Paris, ac-mira.Tiied by his nephew, Lieut." j3.ey, were guests Friday of Dr. W.GL Dailey and family. Lieut. DaileyISaSThursday afternoon for the camp'am -"iansas. j Mayor E. B. Jaunary sold a"Mrs. Sarah Young returned Sat- P011 traP and harness to Mrs. Lenarafsf from Cincinnati, O., where she t Jones of near Paris for 150-rtatcltrrwent -an operation two weeks ' Myers & Smith, of Paris, sold to?'go for cataract, by Dr. Vail. She Bourbon county parties one hundredss flciadedly improved and the doctor bead of 750 to 850 pound feedingKys"her sight will be entirely re- cattle for $12.75 per hundred pounds.I Caywood & McClintock shippedMrs. M. E. Martin returned Fri- Friday night to the New York mar-tey ""from the Good Samaritan Hos- ket 860 head of fancy lambs, pur-r-mfcxk, Lexington, where she has been chased of Bourbon county farmers forMo the -past several weeks, suffering fifteen to sixteen and one-half centsTSai.'a broken, hip. She is not much per pound. They also shipped onaB3rovea, but is as comfortable as Saturday to the Cincinnati market-rifBPuli3)e expected. jtwo carloads of butcher cattle, tor, . , ... which they paid from ten to elevenIr ? ,V Wisher while on cents per poun(L'"3p of a load of hay on the farm of ) 1 mMc J B. Pool, last Thursday after-; The one objection to a ,man who:or,tel1 d ocated his left knows what he is talking about Isrsfcouiaer. Mr. Fisher was driving that he doeSn't know when to stopjOks ea4m and was crossing asmall talkin& about it.-Aoflw.v in the field, when the wagon ., Sve a sudden lurch, throwing him l-M MMtte the ground. He is doing nicely-adb this writing, and will be all rightjtt & few days.-Lieut, and Mrs. J. W. Miller, of s3am,p "Gordon, Ga., arrived Friday on j'tea-days' furlough as guests of his J-another, Mrs. Elizabeth Miller, and".2ra&lv. Saturdav Lieut. Miller re-iTel a telegram asking him to re-"Tport at? Camp Gordon Monday night.Xieut. and Mrs. Miller left Sunday.' -It is presumed from this telegram'"S&raEt Lieut. Miller's regiment has&. ordered to France at once.-7-jKn the promoters of the Millers-urfe Chautauqua are urged to meetjfc the Millersburg Coal & Lumber'Co'B ofilce at eight p. m. to-day, to-aneet Miss Marx, traveling represen-tetiv&of the White & Myers Bureau,-'jLO'has valuable instructions to im-"icrt. "The committees are all hardart work, and everything will go over-Vie top. We are looking forward toc anae of the best meetings of the kindwrer keld in Millersburg. Don't for-it the date, Friday, June 12th, 3:30-l. m. -rThe Millersburg annual Chautiwiua will open Friday afternoon,July "12. An, enthusiastic meeting ofthe .promotors was held Monday-crwm&aiz. The following officers andwutfrmen of the various committees-were elected: President, W. D. Mc3art7re; , vice-persident, R. M. Cald--weU;secretary, W. A. Butler; treas.nr, S. M. AUen; Chairman of Comawiittee on Advertising; J. C. Leer; of-lOwunittee oa Sale of Tickets, E. M.'JDEATHS.TURNEY.Mrs. Sarah Patton Turney, agedeighty, a former resident of Paris,died Saturday morning at the homeof her son, Mr. McTurney, in Cynthiana, from the infirmities of age.Mrs. Turney was born near Colville,in Harrison county. She was married to John Turney, who died m 1866,and resided on the ho,me place formany years. Some years ago the family moved to Paris, where Mrs. Turney for a time conducted a millinerystore in the room now occupied bythe Paris Water Co. and W. C. Davis.She afterward moved to Cynthiana toto reside with her son, Mr. Mc Turney, who was engaged in "the horsebusiness. Mrs. Turney was the oldest member of the Cynthiana Presbyterian church.She is survived by two sons, Mr.Alex Turney, of Pine, Bluff, Arkansas, and Mr. W. Mc Turney, of Cynthiana. with whom she had been.making her home. Her only daughter, Mrs. Richard K. Mcuarney, aieain Paris several years ago.The funeral was held at the residence of her son, on Pike street, inCynthiana, Sunday afternoon at 4:30o'clock, with services conducted byRev. Cary F. Moore. The remainswere taken to Millersburg for interment in the cemetery there. The pallbearers were her nephews, W. T. McKee. Frank McKee, Jesse McKee,Turney McKee, Chas. Shannon andM. C. Swinford, Jr.IN THE SERVICEOF THEIR COUNTRYMATRIMONIAL.A marriage license was issuedSaturday from the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton to Miss EstaMay Dalton, of Paris, and Mr. J. H.Fanning, of Lexington.XDoesn't hurt at all and costsonly a few centsMagic! Just drop a little Freezoneon that touchy corn, instantly it stopsaching, then you lift the com off withtha fingers. Truly! No humbug tbillSHAFFER-WALLINGFORD.Dr. J. Stuart Wallingford, aprominent member of the' medicalfraternity, and Miss Georgia Shaffer,a member of the nursing staff of theMassie Memorial Hospital, in thiscity, were married Saturday morning at the home of the officiatingminister, Rev. R. C. Goldsmith, pastorof, the Baptist church.Immediately after the ceremonyDr. and Mrs. Wallingford left in theirautomobile for an overland trip toVirginia. En route they stopped atCincinnati for a visit to relatives ofthe bride. On their return they willgo to housekeeping in this city.The bride is a handsome and vivacious young- woman, who recentlygraduated in the 1918 class at theMassie Memorial Hospital School ofNursing. Dr." Wallingford is one ofthe best-known physicians in theBluegrass, a ,member of the Bourbon County Medical Society, andprominent in freaternal orders..KASH MONTGOMERY.Miss Onieda Kash, formerly ofNorth Middletown, this county, who"has been residing in Cherryville,,Kansas, for the past two years, wasmarried in that city last weeK to Mr.A. T. Montgomery, the ceremony being performed by Rev. Mr. Joneson.Mrs. Montgomery is a sister of Mrs.J. A. Gilkey, of Paris, and as MissOdie Kash, was a favorite in socialcircles in North Middletown, andwell-known here. She has been employed in the ready-to-wear department of the big Rush etores in Cherryvalle. Mr. Montgomery has been aresident of CHerryvalle about a year,havingcome there as superintendentcf construction on the new Federal,building at that place. They expectto make 'their hopie in Cherryvalleuntil ""Mr. Montgomery's contract iscompleted, when they will go to thehome of the groom in Des Moines,Iowa, to reside.(Continued from Page 1)Engineering Force, U. S. S. Carolina,care of Pastmaster, Fortress Monroe,Va."9 9Mr. Lawrence James, who has beenin the service on the border in Texas,has been transferred to Camp Mills,N. Y., and expects to leave for oversea duties shortly.Mrs. Henry Santen, Mrs. BernardSanten, Mrs. Louis Saloshin, MissMacie Saloshin, Miss Benckhart andMr. Jakie Saloshin motored to CampZachary Taylor, Sunday, to visit Mr-.Bernard Santen, who is stationedthere as a member of the Bourboncounty contingent. They report theBourbon county boys as being in finehealth and well contented with thelife at the camp.Corporal Merrit J. Slicer was atiome over Sunday from West Point,Cy., for a visit to his parents, Mr.and Mrs. A. L. Slicer, in this city.Corporal Slicer is a member of the326th Field Artillery which is engaged in artillery prajctice at therange at West Point. Frank Higginsand Robert Link, who are also in theField Artillery service, spent Sundaywith their parefits, returning to campyesterday.Imbued with a patriotic determination to serve his country in someway, Mr. Barnett Winters, son ofMrs. A. J. Winters, of Paris, went toCincinnati yesterday, where he willa,pply for admission to the U. S. Navy.arnett had previously applied at therecruiting stations in Lexington andLouisville, his application being turned down because of some slight physical defect. When a young manshows as much real patriotism as Mr.Winters has, he shows he has thetrue American spirit of do-and-dare,and should be given a fair chance,m ai iSEWER CONTRACT AWARDEDThe contract for building a sewersystem embracing two miles of surface and sanitary sewers, has beenawarded by Mayor E. B. January andthe members of the ImprovementCommittee of the Paris City Councilto Mr. D. A. Sant, of Cincinnati, athis bid of $19,800. The bids wereopened at the Mayor's office Fridayafternoon- The payment of the workis guaranteed by a bond issue of $20,000 voted last fall.The sewer, as projected, will startat Stoner Creek, and coming throughSouth 'Paris, will follow the branchthat flows through the South Parisyards of the L. & N., and will continue to a point near Nineteenthstreet. .The work is expected to becompleted this summer and fall. Thecontract will have to be ratified atthe meeting of the City Council tobe held Thursday night.Es fe feAT THE RED CROSS ROOMS.Tuesday Woman's Society, Christian Church.Wednesday Woman's SocietyEpiscopal Church.Thursday Young Woman's Mission Circle.Friday Progresive Culture Club.fe TaHAS NEW AUTO.While in Paris last week on a visitto his brother, Mr. Will G. McClintock, Rev. Julian McClintock, ofMadison county, purchased of Mr.Harry 'Mitchell, agent for the Allenautomobile, a handsome five-passengerAllen touring car. The machinewas delivered to Rev. McClintock atthis point.INSURANCE!FIRE TORNADO AUTOMOBILE HAILWatch for the expiration of your policiesand let us have some of your renewalsYERKES & PEEDAt farmers & Traders BankTry Ffeeeone! Your druggist sella afciny bottle- for a few cents, sufficient torid your feet of every hard com, softorn, or corn between the toes, andcalluses, without one particle of v pain,soreness or irritation. Freezone la thediscovery of a. noted Cincinnati genius.fe fe feWBMSMBBBMBBaBBHBHBIBBBBHBMBBBMBlBBMBnaSVEfVVVIOTMrVOTViBIRTHS.3tSummer FootweariiSPECIALSThat Will Crowd Every Department This Week.The volume of business transacted by our buying staffmakes our chain of stores the peer of all in bargain giving. 3White Shoes, Oxfords and Pumpsincluded in this sale at prices less than the cost of making!Near Millersburg, to the wife ofMr. Jos. Connell, a daughter, christened Louise Keller Connell.Near Centerville, to the wife ofMr. William Walters, a son. Themoher was formerly Miss BessieKansdall.A lqt ojf Women are so Constructedthat they can't be contented withouta husband iand they ' can't beacon"!Every Department is aBargainCenter !'Bbbn -Ladies' m o sbeautiful Gray,Mahogany.TanBlack and White KidBOOTS, OXFORDSAND PUMPSWalk-Over and other famous makes, at bargainprices.JTjT 'm0000000U'Ladies' Canvas Boots and Pumps ' d QQLadies' Black Kid English Oxfords jo QQat t,Ladies' Mahogany Tan English o qcBoots and Oxfords , . .c , . -.Ladies' Black KiJ $o A QPumps". f.WMen's Tan and Black Shoes and o jqOxfords, good makes 4"Men's Dark Tan English Shoes and e AAOxfords, WalkO ver $D.UUMen's Gun Metal Button n jqand Lace Shoes y&xVBoys' Gun Metal Lace and i-i aaButton Shoes 1.33Men's Tan Scouts o 04at $2.24DAN COHENParis', Greatest Shoe Store Where Beauty and Economjf RetgirFiV?if'r V.