"v' " , ' ' .'Ir '-. ' " -''" -NEWS fv-TiXPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, APRIL 26, 1918mmBOURBONH: - 1 il Urn' . yv- .KS.1IN THE SERVICE OF THEIRCOUNTRY.Lieut. James Miliar, of Camp Zachary Taylor, who will probably leavesoon for service in France, was a recent guest of relatives in Millefsburg. Mr. Allen Ingels, of the samecamp, came up Wednesday, on a furlough, to make a short visit at hisold home in Millersburg. He is amember of the Bourbon county contingent with, the Dr. Barrow BaseHospital Unit No. 40 at Camp Taylor.TIios. Gilmore, who has been on avLit to his parents at Millersburg,has returned to Camp Taylor. AllenMason and Wadell Beeding, of Millersburg, have received orders to report to Camp Taylor, on Sunday.Lieut. Lawrence Lavin, of Paris.vt.o recently returned to his dutiesat Camp Sherman, in Ohio, after avL-.it to his parents, Mr. and Mrs. M.J. Lavin, in this city, has been transferred to Camp. Gordon, in GeorgiaCapt. Davis Hutchcraft, who is amember of the Officers ReserveCorps, in one of the training campsia Florida, is here with his wife, ona visit to his mother, Mrs. J. PerryKutchcraft, and family. Capt.Hutchcraft recently took part inwhat is considered the record hikefar recruits, when he was a memberof a party which made the journeyof over thirty-four miles from eightin. the morning to ten in the evening,with a stop of two hours for dinner.Mr. Frank Higgins, of Paris, whovaa one of the first to go from thiscounty to Camp Taylor, has been inthe Base Hospital at the camp forsome time, suffering from an affection. His improvement has beenvery slight, but encouraging.The Mt, Sterling Advocate says:"Owen Gibson, of Paris, a nephewcf Mr. Robert I. Settles, of this cty,and himself a native and for manyyears a resident of Mt. Sterling, wasamong the four young men sent bythe Bourbon County Draft Board toIndianapolis, Ind., for special training in mechanical lines. Mr. Gibsonhas been a rural mail carrier in theParis postoffice for a number ofyears and resigned to take up thespecial work demanded by the mill-tary authorities. He has many friendshere at his old home who will, be"Buy War Savings Stamps"Take Part of Your Change in Thrift Stamps.FRANK & CO.THE RELIABLE STOREARE OFFERINGSPRINGCOATSFORLadies, Misses and ChildrenATPRICE REDUCTIONSTHAT WILL PROVE INTERESTING tODISCRIMINATING BUYERS.nI"'-T .NewiSutamer Dresses'aIINOjLESilBINGHAMS, ETC;.wVI!FORtiadieiMssesA. '.it w .1-?. -""REASONABLY PRICED. . .FRANKPRIVATE FEEBACK WOUNDEDIN ACTION ON FRENCHBATTLEFRONT.Mrs. Lou Feeback, of Millersburg.received a telegram yesterday fromofficials at Washington, statinsr thather son, Caleb W. Feeback, wasslightly wounded in action on April14th.Private Feeback was a member ofthe infantry and serving his country in France. This is the first casualty to be reported of any of ourBourbon boys engaged in the worldwar.1 M MOFFICERS RE-ELECTED FOR THEY. M. C. A.The Board of Directors of the Bourbon County Y. M. C. A. held aspecial meeting in the Y. M. C. A.executive offices Tuesday nierht.Those present were M. Peale Collier,H. A. Power, Wm. G. McClintock,Buckner Woodford, Wm. O. Hinton,T. A. Hendricks, Dr. D. S, Henry, A.B. Hancock, Harry Kerslake, H. G.Burnett and Z. L. Wicox.The following officers were reelected to serve for the comingyear: M. Peale Collier, president;H. A. Power, vice-president; W. O.Hinton, recording secretary; PearcePaton, treasurer. The following newdirectors were elected: Wm. T.Bryan, Silas Bedford, and C. 0.Hinton.FLORAL AGENTCut flowers, funeral designs, etc.,gotten on short notice. Phone meyour order.JO. S. VARDEN.interested to learn that he is in theservice."Mr. John (Pete) Cain, of Paris,leceived two letters Wednesday fromhis son, James Cain, who is a member of the American ExpeditionaryForce now in France. The letterswere dated April 4 th and 5th. Inthem the young soldier sold something of his experiences in the service. He stated that he was well,and had just come out of the trenchesWith a large detachment of the"boys," They had spent from fifteento twenty days in ' the trenches.Cain said that aeroplanes were sonumerous there that the soldiers hadquit paying any attention to them,and that they flocked in droves likethe autqmobiles in Paris (Ky.),-ri t .-iand. Children&c go.&BOURBON DRAFTEES FOR CAMPTAYLOR MONDAY.On next Monday morning, April29, at 7:45, thirty-eight young menfrom Bourbon county, white and col -ored, will assemble at the Tenthstreet passenger station of the Louisville & Nashville, in this city,where they will entrain for CampZachary Taylor, near Louisville.They will be in charge of one oftheir number, who will be designatedas captadn, and will be under hiscommand until the camp is reachedand they enter the service of theUnited States in the National Army.The men will report at the courthouse at four o'clock Sunday afternoon, where they will receive theirfinal instruction. They will be permitted to return to their homes orto remain at a designated place, according to their desires. On Mondaymorning" they will form in line infront of the court house at 7:15 andmarch to the Tenth street passengerstation of the Louisville and Nash-!nie. uvy win -utjceive guts oltoilet articles, tob'apco, cigarettes,etc., from the fund raised by thepeople for that purpose.Most of them will go gladly, butit will be a-n occasion of sadness tothose registrants, their friends andrelatives. In other places than Paris,similar occurrences have been madethe occasion for patriotic demonstration. The soldier boys not only havebeen supplied with, a variety of useful little presents, cigars, tobaccoand cigarettes, but every effort hasbeen made to send them away feeling that they are at least somebodies in war times,, if they havenever been before. They have beenmade to feel that their home peopleare proud of them and glad to knowthat they are determined to do theirduty and serve their country faithfully and well.Would it not be a good time forParis to throw off its mask of coldness and at least simulate a regardfor these boys? Wouldn't it be agood idea for everyone who canspare the time to go down to the L.& N. station Monday morning, takethe boys by the hand, wish themGodspeed, and when the train pullsout give them a rousing cheer? Itwill cheer the drooping spirit ofmany a lad as he sees the old- familiar scenes vanish from view, toremain so for who knows how long.It has been a matter of common remark that Paris is one of the "coldest" towns in Kentucky. Let's refuteit Monday morning. Let's shows theseboys what we are. Let's try it on.BIG SPECIAL.Get your "Hygeno Sweeper" for98 cents next Thursday at 9 o'clock.See display ad on page 5 and windowdisplay.THE J. T. HINTON CO.COMING ATTRACTIONS ATGRAND AND ALAMO.THETo-day, Friday, April 26 Ladies'and Government Day. Two ladiesadmitted for one admission, pluswar tax; Jack Pickford in "Huekand Tom," a sequel,, to the "TomSawyer" picture recently shown,King Baggot and Marguerite Snow,in seventh episode- of "The Eagle'sEye."To-morrow, Saturday, April 27Bessie Love, in Pathe special feature."The Great Adventure," by HenryKitchell Webster; Big V Comedy."Telephones and Trouble;" HearstPathe News No. 28.Monday, April 29 Elsie Ferguson,in Artcraft picture, "The Rose ofthe World;" Mack Sennett Comedy,"Sheriff Nell's Tussle."B-4 PI REInsure withW.O. HINTON &SON,AgtsINCENDIARY PERES IN BIG RAILROAD SHOPS.Three fires breaking out simultaneously in the Lake Erie and Western shops, at Lima, Ohio, Wednesdaynight, had practically wiped out the$500,000 plant and were still ragingearly yesterday .morning. Waterpressure was cut at some unknownpoint, while federal agents reportthat hose was cut in two placeswith a knife.Ten to 14 locomotives urgentlyneeded in war work, a new train oftroop coaches, just completed, in theshops and many other coaches, aswell as a score or more of box cars,were destroyed.. Ten thousand dollars'' worth of Liberty Bond subscriptions were hurried in the office ofthe' shops. '': ' --!," William Conchius. claiming Cicero, -Ind. as his home, has-.beeji arrested. He.isvan emplpye "'of; theshops. Officials decline to say whyhe is held. '- . "' ?itiHII 'Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance. f. Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.SUSTAINS BROKEN COLLAR BONEIN PECULIAR ACCIDENT.' 'Mr. Henry -Roberts was the victimof a peculiar accidentat the home of.his nephew, Mr. Harold Roberts,esterday afternoon .Mr. Roperts was driving a load ofhay into the barn-und hecajne caughtbetween 'the top of the load arid theI frame of the dQor. He was painfullybruised and. sustained, broken collarbone. Medical id-w&s summonedand Mr. Roberts wwrrrelieved in thementime by tfce.-neighbors, who extracted him ,f romrhf s -dangerousPROF. YERKES DEAD.Mr. W. L. Yerkes. one of the best-known citizens of Paris, died lastPf at the home of his son, Mr.tr a ZTh?U Plea5ai1 rh rter a Short illness, superinduced bySir v iMr.; Yerkes had been a prominenteaucasoT, naving conducted a schooltor Doys in Pans.He was Mavor ofrans one ternvand was Bank Examiner for one term. He was a brother of Hon. Jno. W. Yerkes, of Danville. He is survived by one son, Mr.John Yerkes, two, daughters, Mrs.Henry May, and Miss "Dot" Yerkey,and his wife, who is en route fromCalifornia to this city. Mr. Yerkeshad resided in Pasadena, Californiafor some time, and had but latelyreturned to Paris.Sa E Pa-"CIEAN UP DAYS."Complying with a request fromthe Bourbon County Health and Welfare League, Friday and Saturdayhave been designated and set apartofficially by Mayor E. B. Jenuary as"Clean-up-Days." All the house-Keepers and property-owners m thecity are asked and respectfullyurged to make a special effort to observe these days by giving theirpremises a thorough cleaning up.Get all the old rubbish that has accumulated during the winter, andhave ut put out of the way.Arrangements have been madewhereby the services of a number ofBoy Scouts can be secured by thosedesiring help in this clean up campaign. These boys can be called atthe Y. M. C. A. by telephone. Theirservices can be secured at the rateof fifteen cents per- hour. The citywill provide carts and wagons for thepurpose of hauling the dirt and rubbish away. This service will begratis, but with the proviso that thetrash is so placed as to be easilyaccessible to the wagons.RESOLUTIONS PASSED BY CHAMBER OP COMMERCE OFTHE U. S.PUBLIC UTILITIES MAINTENANCE. WHERAS, Under existing conditions there is naturally a growingtendency for governmental co-ntrol ofindustries:L- THEREFORE BBIT RESOLVED,"AUiai.tne, unaanDecrn: commerce oi meUnited States respectfully urges uponthe various departments of the United States Government, and uponCongress, that ,measures or proposalswhich have for their object the control of industries be subjected to closescrutiny and examination, and thatsuch proposals be adopted only wherethere is sufficient evidence indicatingthat the state of war makes suchcontrol more effective for the properconduct of the war.Public Utilities Maintenance.WHEREAS, The maintenance ofthe; country's public utilities in thehighest possible state of efficiency isessential -not only to the war program of the United States, but alsoto the nation's business, industrialand public interests; andWHEREAS, Such efficiency depends upon the preservation of thecredit of the companies providingpublic utility service; andWHEREAS, The increase of costsand the unusually onerous conditions of operation brought about bywar seriously threaten the ability ofthe public utilities to continue thefurnishing of the necessary serviceLhey perform; andWHEREAS, The protection of thtfcredit of public uti'"u;es is very largely in the hands of regulatory commissions and other public authorities,rather than in the utilities themselves ;NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, That the Chamber of Commerce of the United States recommends to State and local authoritiesthat they recognize the unusual andonerous conditions with which public utilities are contending, and thatm the interest of the nation, of business, and of the public, they giveprompt and syfnpathetic hearing tothe -petitions of such utilities for assistance and relief. (adv)BIG SPECIAL.Get youri'Hygeno Sweeper" for98 cents next Thursday at 9 o'clock.See 'display ad on page 5 and windowdisplay. - - ...THE.JT- HILTON CO.Ml to m r-TTAVAL :REGRUITINff PAETYTaVISIT .PA2US.Chief Gunners I Mate Mannegold,United States NavyMn charge of theNaval Recruiting .Station -at Lexington, with-his party, will -visitParis on'May 3. The par ty will Jitfvsheadquarters at the court house, forthe purpose of receiving and enlisting recruits for "the United States;Navy. Here is a splendid chancefor some of the young men of Pariswho have'.not yet volunteered to helptheir country, to get into the- service. - ,THE LIBERTY CHORUS. .Members of the " recently-rganizedLiberty or Community Chorus andthose desiring to' become membersare requested to Sneet at. the courtpre-ifirst meeting" at the court house was,jm;iu. luau yiuuuuuy uigun 'SUSPECTS RELEASED ON PROVING THEIR IDENTITY.Several suspects, taken in the po-wV fh'rnw1 POli?e"ie for saTe-keepTng; have "beenleleased, they having proved .their(innocence of wrong-doing of.' anyI kind, or of conspiring in any wayagamst tne GovernmentCharles Waganer, who was brouehtin Monday on suspicion, producedproof that he was a dischargedsoldier frojm the American ' army.While in Paris, France, Americansoldiers were called on to put downa street riot. Waganer received abullet wound in the back, whichgained him a release and an honorable discharge from the service. Hehad been in the army twelve years.A telegram Wednesday to Chief ofPolice Link .from Col. Scott, in command at Camp Sevier, at GreenvilleSouth Carolina, confirmed Waganer'sstatements. He was released.C. C. Manning, another suspect,who has been in durance vile forseveral days, was released, his freedom being guaranteed by receipt ofa letter from Bellinghanf, Washington. The letter contained a cancelled check for $35 in piart paymentfor a United States Liberty Bond.The check was countersigned by E.D. Stanley, paymaster in the UnitedStates Najvy. Papers were also produced by the Washington authorities showing that Manning had beena member of the crew of the U. S. S."Pueblo" in Pacific waters. Manning-claimed that he had been honorablyuiscnargea, aue to prolonged .illness,and that he had drifted as t far asParis, endeavoring to ,make his wayback to his home in Beflingham. Hewas released.Jesse South, his wife and two?ons, arrested on , suspicion, werealso discharged from custody. Southclaimed that they had spent thewinter in Florida and were on theirway back to their old home inCharleston, West Virginia. Theywere permitted to continue -on theirway.When placed under arrest Southand his family we're camping on theroadside at Stony Point, this county.They had two autos, a sleeping tentand a cooking outfit. Investigationdeveloped that the woman was selling nner iaces in raris and Drts othewmivj-. xii visiting uie-noinewhere she made 'the sales Mrs. 'Southstated to housekeepers that she wasendeavoring to. raise enough moneyto pay the custom duties qn the laceswhich were imported Irfsh variety.They were compelled to refund alarge portion of the money thus obtained to the people in Paris, whohad purchased-f-rom them-and werereleased from custody.FELD'S HHU SPRING FOOTWEAR.A VARIETY TO SELECT PROM.As usual, we have a fine assortmentof Spring footwear and a greatvariety to select from.(26-tf) FELD'S SHOE STORE.WE KNOW MOWusn GOODJUDGMENTIIn Buying YourSpring Suit.iHBuy From the Store ThatWill Give You Value ForYour Dollars SpentOUR YOUNG MEN'S SUITS FOR$25 and $30have' no equal when it comes to style,fit, service and price. Stylish patterns in solid greens, tans, greys and ..olives, one-button single-breasted anddoubter breasted: sacks made on individual lines. not found in other ready; a-weaf .clothes.- ':.:"k Sttln-Bloch and Mlchocl, , Stern's famous clothes art nsold only by us.Bright, now spring ' patterns in Manhattan Shirts; , ;fancy silks, linen madrascloths and crepes.John B. Stetson Hats and" . tiettleton Spring Shoes.MITCHELL &A .VKNIGHTS 0j CQLUmUSmAKINa :The committees and solicitors j-etnresenting the Bourbon county contingent in the big drive by tb 'Knights of Columbus have made rapiprogress this week in their campaigm.The apportionment for the countyin the ten million dollar drive for theaid of the soldiers and sailors is$1,000, which sum will be raised hefore Saturday night, according tothe members of the committee.The big campaign is of a non-wc.tarian character, and is for the purpose of aiding the soldiers in canyin this country and, abroad in thtrenches and o the- firing line, aridlb being participated; iitby all peo- 'pies regardlew of tbelr-rliious Belief. The Catholic people of thiscity and county have give, a wholehearted and generous support t tkY. M. C. A. and other cumipgand now their friends of alL iniPMinations are going to help thm-v"aoover the top," which they will assuredly do -without fail. Read theirbig display advertisement in. thiissue of THE NEWS. ;A pieeting of the? committeM4 -solicitorswas held last aiigh presided over by Prof. E. M. Costello;Chairman. Reports were made ofthe progress of the cinpato, wkiefcindicated that everything was goingwell, and that the moy: paid in andgood pledges obtained- fully assuredthe workers of the successt of; the-'campaign. The Returns were beingtabulated as welwent to press lastnight. To the workers THE NEWSsays, in all sincerity, "Over the top,and the best of luck to you!"j mi- mUGHTLESS NIGHTS SUSPENDEDMr. Ja,mes H. Thompson, FederalvFuel Administrator for Bourboncounty, is in receipt of the followingletter from State Fuel AdministratorWiley B. Bryan, of Louiavilie, in -whichthe suspension of the order forlightless nights is indicated. Theletter, which is self-explanatory, follows: "Mr. Jas. H. Thompson, Paris, Ky.,"Dear Sir: The "Lightless Night"order in effect since December 15,1917, at the urgent request of theLiberty Loan Committee has heentemporarily suspended by Dr. Garfield, beginning next Thursday night, 'April 25th."Due to the late hour of lightingbrought about by the daylight saving bill, the order will remain suspended until September 1, at whichtime it will again become effective. ' ""Trusting this matter will begiven the necessary publicity, I remain,"Yours very truly,-."WILEY B. BRYAN,"Federal Fuel Administrator."Gen. Hoffman, the guiding genius tof the German invaders of Russia,says his army will keep up their advance until a treaty of peace Isactually signed.IK1VliferBLAKEMOREtIMX:mmmk 1Wim i- - Ktl9 J3 . iIi $ 1 rwI flw t.l I.I "YZri k-IiH In III' -tail "2r let eti atvl u$?!j all ill -. - mill 1- if 1'' &g) ; i" l:IA-srr-' 1'1nsVvr jjUsiFRIDAY, APRIL 21, 118."PAGE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.fv "THE BOURBON NEWSIttaWisned 188136 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Everv Tuesday and FridayPer Year. . $2.006 Months. . $1.00Payable in Adavance.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.Any erroneous reflection upon theaarcter, standing or reputation ofr person, firm or corporation wWcftSr-appear in the columns of THJ2BfrtfRBON NEWS will be gladly corrwfced If brought to attention of thedltor.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perInch' for first time; 50 cents per inchacta, siihs.equent Insertion.fading Notices, 10 cents per -Una-WcS issue; reading notices in blacktrW 20 cents per line, each issue.feards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andfifiiilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertise- ments and -yearly contracts.tfhe right of publisher is reserved-to-a$clirie any advertisement or othermatter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.-.- - This paper has enlistedwith the government in thecause of America for theperiod of the warEDITORIAL MUSINGS.A Plea For The Telephone Girl,la recent years the great publicsecvice corporations have taken neu' departures in that they demand oftheir employes that in all their relations to the -public uniform courtesy and politeness shall prevail. Theresult has been that a higher stateor efficiency -has been attained in allthe departments of public utilities,and what is more, the individualwith a grouch, they whose chief interest in life has been to find faultwith, everything and with everybodywith whom they have no personalconcern, has found his field rapidlynarrowing.It is more often than not thecae, however, that a certain portion of the "public shows a scantcourtesy where it demands and desires much. Take for instance, thetelephone service, which is theanathema of a portion of mankind,whether it deserves it or not. As isknown, the telephone operators areoi uie geutie sex. xuej ic 4U"-uThey are requiredto be polite to the public , at alltimes, or at least are expected to be,-under all circumstances. It seem-that a telephone girl must take discourtesies from a ruffian or a boor"without replyA portion of the public is impa" tieit with the telephone girl, for the- most part because she is invisible,- and again, because of conditions over-which" she has no control, such asa neglectful subscriber who fails tc-a.niwer his telephone when called.I. a case of this sort the telephoneoperator is absolutely blameless, yetw have heard individuals berate" "central" and later report her to the"hief operator or the manager (yeo,? even here in Paris, Ky.!) becausethey "couldn't get an answer." Insome cases is happens that a man itout" of his office, when his telephonenufnber is called, yet the unfortunate operator is blamed for this, too.Telephone users should at all timeiextend that courtesy and politenesswhich they demand of those whoserve them.' Life at best is not arosy one for telephone girls, as avisit to any exchange will readilyshow. She is human, toiling for alivings for a sum that no man wouldaccept for the same service, and sheis purely deserving of considerationand kindness at the hands of the.public.Guess .We'll See It!A total eclipse of the sun whichwill occur June 8, 1918, will be thelargest and most important of a life-tioe in all the Southern States. Thl3- eclipse will be visible throughout the- United States, the eclipse being totalalong a -path about seventy mileswide extending from Portland, Ore-- g, through Denver, Colorado,TiroAn Miasisciniii. and Orlando,Florida.' fl.vaJl parts of the UnitedStales it will he partial. On theotatral line of ,totality the durationkhe total paaee will vary fromaA minute ani' eleven seconds in'rigon. Figured .from the Atlantictia. phases of eclipse will occur intkJiptth meridian time as fol-jfclipte begins 4:35:58 p. pi.-iidilte'.of?eclipse, 5; 55; 50 p. m.ttclitwse-ends 6:42 p. m.Y Belonr to Yomr Country..tAm for your country and for yourr ana ioc yourdream but of4ttag sever dream aserving her as shehids you, thoughthe service carry you through athousand hells. No matter what happens to you, no matter who flattenyou, or who abuses you, never lookat another flag, never let a nightpass but you pray God to bless theAmerican flag. Stand by your country and your flag as you would byyour mother.Legal Tender For Tips.If you must tip the waiter, giveJhini thrift stamps. If it is worth ai quarter to let the doorman checkyour hat, give him a thrift stamp.On . the New York, New Haven& Hartford Railroad, wherebridge and bid whist are popularwith commuters, they pay their carddebts with thrift stamps. The trainman, instead of getting the usualquarter for "loaning" the cards andboard, get a thrift stamp in payment. A Wall Street broker paysfor his shoe shines with thriftstamps even though it costs him astamp for two shines. Another broker who was reprimanded by a policeman for speeding his automobileeased his conscience by donating ahandful of thrift stamps for one ofthe policeman's children. Therewould be good support for a lawmaking it illegal to pay tips exceptin thrift stamps.Save For America.Saving is vital to the success ofthe war. France has been able tomake a gallant fight against Germany because her people were taughrthe habit of thrift. During the Liberty Loan there should be no let-upin saving, and the sales of War Savings Stamps, as was the experiencein England, ought to increase.Every time you buy a War Savings Stamp, with money you havesaved, you are performing a patriotic service. The government merelyasks you to lend the money and willpay you interest. In 1923 you willreceive the face value in gold. BuyWar Savings Stamps and help winthe war.MAY REGISTER BEFORE BECOMING OF LEGAL AGE.Congress expects soon to adoptthe resolution compelling men toregister for the draft as they become 21 years of age.Since April 1, 1918, twenty-fourmen who have become 21 years ofage since June 5, 1917, the day ofregistration, or who will become 21before June 5, 1918, have obtainedmarriage licenses in Hamilton County, Ohio. This is nearly 14 per centof all annlieants for marriatre licensesin the eighteen days of this, monthana is a nigner percentage tnan in tne18 days first in April, 1917, when applicants for marriage licenses wereunprecedented. The percentage wasthen twelve.For 18 days in April, 1918, therewere 175 marriage licenses issued.Twenty-four were to men who became 21 since June 5, 1917, or whoare still under 21.For 18 days in April, 1917, therewere 322 marriage licenses issued,mainly to men in draft age of from21 to 30 inclusive. Of these 49 wereto men 21 years of aee or who wouldbe 21 on June 5, 1917. But therewere only eight under 21 to applyfor a marriage license in the 18 daysI.' j ""-IT. IL V-f "ui -n.jH.ii, isij. xnis is oniy z- per, J T fitf$ y " "Militarv antTirvrifcips An -nrkf coirthat any of the marriages now being contracted by men who, undernew legislation, will be included inthe draft. arp. fnr fr.Vip raimnsn rf oxmAing the draft by securing a deferredclassification. They do assert, however, that it is a vain hope, if entertained by any young man, as recentru'ings by the War department respecting late marriages indicate thatSUCh marriages Will be disrpn-orHurlin classification.ea sa EaIn a word, Chancellor von Hertlin,?says that Germany must be thoroughly whipped before she will agreeto the terms on which a just andlasting peace can be secured.HOW TO AVOIDBACKACHE ANDNERVOUSNESSTold by Mr. Lynch FromOwn Experience.Providence, R. I. "I was all rundown in health, was nervous, had head-acnes, my backached all, the time.I was tired and hadno ambition for anything. I had takena number of -medicineswhich did metoo good, .One dayI read about LydiaE. Pinkham'sTege-,ta0le Uompound andwhat it had done forwomen; se I triedit My nervousness-r .; ana DacKacne andweight and f eel fine so I an honeatlyM&MMTlflftd TrfKaVFV PinVtiwm'a Vm.-Li- rt l.j a.. 6.amuio vAnnwuu.iQaiywan wno ISsuflfcnof asTwas. 7 MrsVApELXNE S.IiYHCHflOG Plain StyPMTidence, R. I.Backache and atcvoosMfi.aftt symptoms or nature's warnings, which ind4cate,a,fmictiQnalduturbance or anunhealthy condition "which often develops into a more sarious ailment.Women in .this condition should notcontinue to dcaglcr without help, butprofit by Mrs. LyncbTs experience, andtry this fasaoos.root and herb remedy,Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-IVWIMaBi n IUma1 Awiin . A..xr"Tr v upcx uviuo wnw miLydia E.PinkhamMed.Ck)., Lynn, Mass.GETS UPFOR DATS WORKFeels Healthy and Cheerful Instead;of Run Down PraisesTanlac."Instead of feeling all run downand dreading to start out for myday's work as I did just a short timeago, 1 now am healthy and cheerfuland feel confident of myself. Tanlacis the-reason," said McClellan Breaden, 224 West Jefferson street, Louisville, Ky."My system got run down all over.I couldn't sleep at night and nevergot my rest as I should. I felt so badwhen I got up in the morning that ljust dreaded to start out for mywork. I dreaded to go to bed atnight, too, because I knew I wouldn'tbe able to sleep."My appetite was poor also. Ididn't eat much and I guess that waswhy I started losing weight. I lostabout ten pounds."In my weakened condition mywork as a carpenter was a real hardship. "Well, I started taking Tanlac. Itook three bottles in all and myhealth is a lot better."I sleep soundly every night nowand get good rest. I feel ready formy work when I get up in the mornings, too."My appetite is natural again andI've gained back most of the weightI'd lost."Get Tanlac if you don't feel rightand get your system back in shape.To feel good is the best thing onearth. You can get Tanlac atVARDEN & SON'S.Hundreds of rheumatic sufferer.are finding Tanlac RheumatismTreatment highly beneficial. If yousuffer rheumatism, give TanlacRheumatism Treatment a trial. Youcan get it atVARDEN & SON'S.(april26-may3)?5i 3 -fePROF. LYTTLE TELLS OF MEXICAN GENERALS' DUEL.Prof. G. Brittain Lyttle, now ofManchester, where he is instructorin languages, favors THE NEWowith the accompanying account of sduel between two famous MexicanGenerals. The article was translatedfrom the original in Spanish, published in the El Heraldo, a weeklypublication published in New YorkCity:'Exclusively for El Heraldo."MEXICO, FEDERAL . DISTRICTApril 25, 1918. The generals, LuiCaballero and Cesar Lopez de Lara,candidates for the office of Governorof the State of Coahuila, had an encounter in the forest of Chapultepec,with pistols, which resulted in thedeath of the Chief of Staff of thefirst named. The tiagedy has produced unprecedented public scandalthroughout Spanish-America. Boththe generals mentioned have been apprehended and released on bondpending an investigation by theproper authority."The Government of the State ofMichoacan announces its abandonment of Morelia, the Capital City, inview of the activities of the revolutionary forces, headed by J. InezChavez. The State government willbe transferred to Ziacuara. Thepress holds this to be a bad augury,indicating that the rebellion inMichoacan is spreading and that thelocal government has not militarystrength sufficient to cope with andsuppress it."na PaDO YOU SLEEP WELL?To be at his best a man must havesound, refreshing sleep. When wakeful and restless at night he is in nocondition for work or business during the day. Wakefulness is oftencaused by indigestion and constipation, and is quickly relieved byChamberlain's Tablets. Try a doseof these tablets and see how muchbetter you feel with a clear head andgood indigestion.(adv-april)PERCY HALEY RESIGNS POSITIONAS COLLECTOR.On Tuesday Percy Haley tenderedhis resignation as Revenue Collecto'at Lexington, to take effect May 1.Elwood Hamilton has been endorsed by both Beckham and James andwill succeed him.fe fe feFOR BILIOUS TROUBLES.To promote a healthy action of iheliver and' correct the disorderscaused by biliousness, Chamberlain'sTablets are excellent Try themand see how quickly they give yoaa relish for your food and banishthat dull and stupid feeling.(adv-april)nwPublic Sale of Residence.I will sell at Public Auction on the premises,Tuesday, April 30, 1919,at 2 p. m., my two-story frame residence, located on Eighth Street, containing eight rooms, two halls, electric lights, gas, bath complete, largesewer running through entire lot. Good cellar, cistern and large garden. Lot fronts on Eighth Street 133 feet, with a depth of 260 feet.This is a very desirable property and in good repair.TERMS Made known on day of sale.MRS. JACKW00DS.For further information, .call on HARRIS &SPEAKES, who, willtake pleasure in showing property, to? prospective buyers? -(apr23-26)vIF I WERE A' FAJtljBR.If I were a farmer I would keepat hand a-fe,w reliable medicines forminor ailments that are not so serious as to require the attention of aphysician such as Chamberlain's Coiicand Diarrhoea Remedy for "bowelcomplaints.Chamberlain's Cough Remedy forcoughs, colds and croups.Chamberlain's Liniment for sprains,bruises and rheumatic pains.Chamberlain's Tablets for stomach troubles, biliousness and constpation. ,This would require an outlay ofonly $1.10. By having these articles at hand it would often save thetrouble of a trip to town in thebusiest season or in the night, a-ndwould enable me to treat slight ailments as soon as they appear, andthereby avoid the more serious diseases that so often follow.x (adv-april)Found.Automobile license tag No. 40047,found on Maysville & Lexington pike,between Paris and Lexington. Ownercan obtain same by paying advertising charges. (12-tf)For Rent.Three nice rooms, in good location;suitable for light housekeeping. Apply 314 Scott Avenue. (9-tf)Lost Steer.From the Xalapa Farm a fat steer,weighing about 1,100 pounds. Reward for return or for informationleading to recovery.BEN F. BUCKNER, JR., Mgr.Cum. Phone 1057.IRONWe pay highest prices for iron,junk, hides a-nd wool.MUNICH & WIDES & CO.,Eighth St., Paris, Ky.,Cumb. Phone 371.(23-tf)For RentStore room on Broadway, adjoining Bourbon-Agricultural Bank andTrust Company. Also has entranceon Fourth street. Immediate possession. For terms and particulars, apply to undersigned.Also, for rent, five-room cottageon Scott avenue and Washingtonstreets; good garden. Immediatepossession.D. Y. L. FARLEY,Both Phones 48.(23-2t)NOTICE-TO-CONTRACTORS!Sealed proposals will be receivedby the Fiscal Court of Bourbon county until 10 o'clock,Thursday, May 2, 1918,at the Court House, Paris, Kentucky, for repairing the followingturnpikes:Jacksonville & Townsend Valley,12 rods.Clay & Kiser, 35 rods.Hill 15 rods.Newtown & Leesburg, 50 rods.Hawkins & Cummins, 30 rods.Pat Collins, 5 rods.Leesburg & Jacksonville, 10 rods.McNeiss, 20 rods.Centerville & Jacksonville, 50rods.Greenwich, 75 rods.Hopewell &. Bethlehem, 40 rods.North Middletown & Cane Ridge.20 rods.North Middletown & Levy, 60 rods,south end.North Middletown & Winchester,10 rods.E. K. Thomas, 15 rods.North Middletown & Thatcher'sMill, 40 rods.Stony Point & Seamond's Mill, 20rods.Carlisle & Plum Lick, 40 rods.North Middletown & Owingsville,15 rods.North Middletown & Levy, 20rods, north end.Stringtown, 20 rods.Lot Young, 5 rods.Flat Rock & Jackstown, 20 rods.All stone must be distributed inplaces designated by Road Engineer.The right is reserved to reject anyor all bids, and allotments are surject to change or approval by FiscalCourt.By order of the Fiscal Court ofBourbon County.BEN F. BEDFORD,(19-4 ) Road Engineer..- 5.Master's Sale-OF-Bourbon County LandBOURBON CIRCUIT COURT. .SIMON HOLLERAN PlaintiffVs. Notice of Sale. tMARTIN CONNOR DefendantUnder and by virtue of a judgmentand order of sale rendered at theNov. term, 1917, Of the Bourbon Circuit Court, the undersigned MasterCommissioner, onMonday, May 6, 1918,at the front door of the Court House,in Paris, Kentucky, about the hourof 11 o'clock, A. M., will sell at public auction to the highest and bestbidder, so much .of the followingdescribed property as may be necessary to satisfy plaintiff's debt, interest and cost:A certain tract of land situated in Bourbon County, Kentucky,beginning at a stone, corner toJohn Welch ; thence with sa 1Welch's line, N 4 "E. 41.24 polesto the middle of Houston Creek:thence with the meanders of saidcreek and through the middle asfollows: S. 75 W. 16.80 ,S. 69 W. 20 poles; S. 49 W. 16poles, S. 43 W. 24 poles; S. 39W. 15.60 poles, S. 32 W. 14.72poles, S. 18 W. 16 poles, S. 1W. 12.56 poles, S. 29 E. 7.48poles, to the middle of Mrs. Rowe'swatergap; thence leaving thecreek, N. 49 E. 6.96 poles to themiddle of the end of a stone fenc,a corner to same; thence with themiddle of said stone fence, N 65E. 14.96 poles to a bend in saidfence; thence N. 79 E. 5.84poles to a corner to said Rowe inthe middle of said fence; thenceleaving the fence, S. 4 E. 8 poleito the middle of a watergap inCarmody's line; thence along themiddle of the creek with its nvvanderings as follows: N. 79 13.16 poles, N. 87 E. 21.64 poles,S. 89 E. 16.36 poles, S. 77 E. 13poles, S. 55 E. 9.76 poles, S. 45E. 3.46 poles; thence leaving thocreek and with the middle of anold road, N 14 E. 42.76 poles toa stone now set in Welch's line,thence with Welch's line N. 76W. 49.92 poles to the beginning,containing forty-two (42) acre3,one (1) rood and nineteen (19)poles of land.But there is excepted from theabove two small tracts sold andconveyed to W. W. Gill by deedsrecorded in Book 61, pages 496and 560, and also except a smalltract conveyed Joyce Henry bydeed recorded in Deed Book 63.page 69, to which reference isjmade, it being the same propertythat was conveyed to Richard Connor by deed from W. E. Simms recorded in Deed Book 51, page 631,and afterwards conveyed to Catherine Connor by deed recorded inDeed Book 60, page 312, in thoBourbon County Court Clerk'soffice, and being the same propertyinherited by the first party fromCatherine Connor, grandmother ofthe grantor herein.Also this other certain tract ofland in Bourbon County, Kentucky, and being Lot No. 2, asshown on the plat recorded withand as a part of the deed of JosephA. Reynolds, and bounded as follows: Beginning in the middle of theParis and Georgetown Turnpikeat A, an iron pin, corner to LotNo. 1, and running therefrom,with the middle of said turnpike.N. 60 W. 14 poles to L, a cornerto Lot No. 3 ; thence with a line ofNo. 3, N. 13 E. 78.88 poles toH, the middle of Houston Creek;thence with the middle thereof,N. 88 E. 44 poles to G; thenceN 89 E. 6.32 poles to F; thenceS. 86 E. 5 poles to E, a cornerto No. 1 ; thence with a line of No.1, S. 14 W. 86.24 poles to thebeginning and containing sevenand forty-six hundredths (7.46)acres, and being the same land allotted to Kate Reynolds in the division of the lands of John Reynolds, deceased, and recorded inDeed Book 85, page 50, in theBourbon County Court Clerk'soffice, being the same propertyconveyed to Michael Connor bydeed recorded in Deed Book 90.page 582.Also this other certain tract ofland in Bourbon County, Kentucky, and known as "Lot No. 3"in the division of the lands ofJohn Reynolds, deceased, andbounded as follows:Beginning at the middle of thoParis & Georgetown turnpike at L.corner to No. 2, and runningtherefrom, with the middle of saidturnpike, N. 60 W. 14.44 polesto a corner to Carmody; thencewith his line'N. 10 E. 69.88poles to J, the middle of HoustonCreek; thence with, the middlethereof as it meanders N. 87 E.15.24 poles to I; thence N. 88 E3.64 poles to H, a corner to LotNo. 2; thence with a line of LotNo. 2, S. 13 W. 78.88 poles tothe beginning, and containing seven and forty-six hundredths(7.46) acres of land, and beingthe same property conveyed to Jos.A. Reynolds in the division of thelands of John Reynolds, deceased,recorded in Deed .Book 85, page46, in the Bourbon County CoutClerk's office, and being the sameproperty conveyed by Kate Adanvand her husband, and Jos. A. Reynolds to Michael Connor, deceased, of record' in Deed Book 90,page 582, Bourbon County Cou-tClerk's office, and by him devisedto the party.of'the first part.Said sale will be made upon thecredits sOf six and twelve monthsfor equal parts of the purchasemoney, the purchaser or purchasersbeing required to execute their twobonds for equal parts thereof, withgood surety to be approved by saidCommissioner, due six and twelvemonths from date of sale respectively, and bearing interest at therate of six per cent, per annumfrom date of sale until paid. Saidsale is made for the purpose of satisfying plaintff's lien indebtednessin the sum of two thousand dollais($2,000.00) with six per cent, interest from April 27, 1916, subject toa credit of one hundred dollars(?100.00) as of April 3, 1917, andthe costs of this action, the to'aldebt, interest and costs being estimated as of the date of sale attwenty-three hundred dollars ($2,300.00.) O. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner Bourbon Circuit Court.(aprl9-26may3)Masters' SaleReal Estate!BOURBON CIRCUIT COURTBridget Cain's Heirs . . . .PlaintiffsVs. Notice of Sale.Her Administrators, Etc. DefendantsUnder and by virtue of a judgmentand order of sale rendered at theMarch term of the Bourbon CircuitCourt, 1918, in the above styled action therein pending, the undersigned Master Commissioner, onSaturday, May 4, 1918at about the hour of eleven o'clock,on the premises, will sell at publicauction to the highest and best bidder the following described property, to-wit:FIRST A certain house andlot in the City of Paris, and in thatpart of said city known as Cottotown, situated on the North sideof the Maysville and Lexingtonturnpike and formerly occupiedby John Porter as a residence;said lot fronts on said street 30feet, including the whole length ofthe house and runs back to thimiddle of Stoner Creek, boundedon one side by the residence ofMichael Sullivan and on theother side by the property novowned by Dan Isgrigg, being theproperty deeded to Mike Cain bydeed recorded in Deed Book 53,page 1, to which reference i.made.SECOND A house and lot anda vacant lot adjoining, in theCity of Paris, and in the partknown as Cottontown, or EastParis, and on the south side ofMain street; said vacant lot isbounded on the west by the hou53and factory lot of Isaac M. Sanford, and adjoining said houseand lot and the house and lot issituated between said vacant lotand the house and lot formerlyowned by Elizabeth Richardsonand adjoining in the rear of Patsey Connelly, being the property deeded to Mike Cain by deedrecorded in Deed Book 62, page446 to which reference is made.THIRD A certain house andlot in East Paris described as;follows: Beginning at the corner to ' William Brand's lot onMain street; thence with thesaid Brand's line S 39 E 3.7Spoles to another corner withsaid Brand; thence with anotherof his lines S 44 W. 2.86 polesto a corner in Shaw's line;thence S. 43 E. 3.16 poles to acorner to said Shaw; thence N.56 E. 3.32 poles to a corner tosame; thence N. 19 W 7.88 polesto a gate post on said street;thence with Main street S. 54W. 3.72 poles to the beginning,being the same property deededto Mike Cain by deed recorded inDeed Book 68, page 474, towhich reference is made.Said sale will be made upon credits of six and twelve months, thepurchaser or pvirchasers being required to execute their two bondsfor equal parts df the respectivepurchase prices, with good suretyto be approved by said Commissiond,due six and twelve months from datof sale respectively, but the puichaser or purchasers will have theprivilege of paying cash withoutexecuting bond, or if they executebond, of paying same at any timebefore maturity.The Master will first offer theproperty separately in the orderabove given and will then offer thoproperty as a whole, and will acceptthe bid or bids aggregating th2most money therefor.Said sale is made for the purpoiof satisfying the mortgage indebtedness of the Peoples-Deposit Bankand Trust Co. in the sum of $370.10with 6 per cent, interest from Dec.31, 1916, and the mortgage Indebtedness of John Cain -in the sum of$250.00, with 6 per cent interestfrom December 31, 1895, subject to credit of $3.15 as of Aug. 14.1911, and $10.00 as of Nor. 30.1912, and for the further purpose ofa division among the parties in interest. m The total debt, interest andcosts are estimated as" of' the da7of sale at $1,185.00.O. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner -Bourbon Cir, , cult Court.(aprl9-2-may3) . x ;v ,-.'', V "yv-2FRIDAY, APRIL' 2fft lfl "TjTHB BOURBON TOWS, FARES, KitVKStomach TroubleMrs. Sophie Bauer, 521 First Ave.,North, Faribault, Minnesota, writes:"I cannot praise your wonderfulmedicine, Peruna, nougu. It hasdone much for me during the pastten years and I keep it In the housecontinually. I was in sucn. a condition that I could eat nothing butbread and milk, and even that was tooheavy for me at times. Now, I caneat anything. I will recommend Peruna to all my friends."Those who object to liquid medicines can procure Peruna Tablets.I cannotPraiseYourWonderfulMedicineEnoughf I f 4 H I t 1 1 HI 1HHMI11II 1114 i4 JHtilHIHUIIItThe J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMERSMainand SixthStreetsParis Ky.Day phone 36Night : . . 5Gor Home 286Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.tfl'4'f'I'4''''I"4''I"I'1'a"i"I''I'-:'14'4'-I''4"i'4-4'l-fiill..AutoService !Hauling of All KindsSolicited.Large Motor TruckNo load too big or bulky for usto handle.Passenger Service!5-Passenger Car ready attimes for Taxi Service inCity or County.allRATES MODERATE.T. G. MorrisIt's a good plan to save the wheatbut just think of all the money thatis invested in wild oats.MARGOLEN'SALL FRUITSVEGETABLESFISHAND MEATSare kept inside our store inseparate refrigerators everything screened and freefrom dust and flies.Buy where edibles arekept in a sanitary manner. Our service isprompt.MARGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Wefl'ArmedWantedMale Help(Age 16 Years or Over)Machine NailersHand NailersWood WorkingMachine Menand Laborers for:;t Box FactorySteady work Good wage. Excellent factory conditions. Half holiday Saturdays with pay.Apply at nc, SuperintendentMENGEL BOX COMPANYT" jMeeATE12th and Ormrty UHHWffi.LK.Mr.Mrs.R. M. Harris is ill at herhome on Pleasant street.Mrs. Harry Simon will leaveSunday for New York on a businesstrip.Dr. Frank J. Cheek, of Danville,was a visitor in Paris, this week, ona business mission.Mr. Wm. B. Woodford is confined to his home on he Winchesterpike, near Paris, by illness.Mr. Charles P. Mann, of theParis Realty Co., was a business visitor in Richmond this week.Miss Florence Adair Hedges, ofParis, continues very ill in the GoodSamaritan Hospital, in Lexington.Mrs. Clay borne Harris and sonhave returned from a visit to Mrs.Mary Holladay, near Winchester.Mrs. Fay Ardefy and childrenhave gone to Georgetown for a visitto the former's mother, Mrs. BessieFinnell.Mrs. Maude Flynn has returnedto her home in Winchester, after avisit to her niece, Miss MaudeWilson, in this city.Miss Elizabeth Steele was hostess recently at an informal teagiven to a party of friends at herhome on Winchester street.Miss Luna Hinton, who has beena guest of friends and relatives inthis city for several days, has returned to her home in Flemingsburg. Mrs. W. K. Griffin and daughter, Miss Blanche Griffin, have retruned from a visit to her parents,Mr. and Mrs. E. A. Morehead, inEarlington.Mrs. Lutie Turner has returnedfrom a winters' stay in Ft. Myers,Florida, and is now a guest of herdaughter, Mrs. C. P. Cook, onTwelfth street.-"Mrs. Minnie Merrick and daughter, Miss Margaret Merrick, have returned to their home in Mt. Vernon,after a visit to Mr. and Mrs. N. B.Collins, in this city.Mr. and Mrs. Frank M. Clay, Mr.Ireland Davis and Miss Jane Adamshave returned from a. visit to Mr.Douglass Clay, at Camp Zachary Taylor, near Louisville.Mr. and Mrs. Harry Simonhave moved to Lexington to residein the future. ,They will visit Parisat intervals in connection with thebusiness at their Paris store.Mrs. W. B. Ardery, who has beena patient at the Massie MemorialHospital, in this city, for severalweeks, has recovered sufficiently topermit her removal to her homenear this city.Mr. Thomas McDonald, of theTrainmaster's office of the Louisville& Nashville, at this point, is recovering from the effects of an operation recently performed in a Cincinnati hospital.Mrs. W. L. Yerkes will arrive inParis to-morrow from her home 'atP,asadena, Cali., to be with her husband, who has been very ill at the"home of Mr. and Mrs. John Yerkes.on Pleasant street.;Mr. Robert S. Porter, of thiscity, will leave to-morrow for Louisville, where he will become a patientat the Norton Infirmary, for an operation to be performed by Dr. LouisFrank and Dr. Haines, of that city.Mr. and Mrs. Birck Minertzhave returned from their honeymoontrip to New York, Philadelphia andother Eastern cities, and are athome to their friends in their handsome bungalow at the Xalapa Farm,near Paris.Mr. Dan Lenihan and sisters,Misses Mary and Irene Lenihan,have moved to Lexington to resideMr. and Mrs. Harry Collins, who recently purchased the Lenihan cottageon Eighth street, have taken possession and moved to the property.Mr. and Mrs. Clark Wilson, whohave been guests for several weeksat the home of Mr. and Mrs. DavidT. Wilson, on Houston avenue, leftTuesday for Buffalo, New York,where they will reside in the future. Mr. Wilson has taken a position with the Pierce-Arrow MotorCar Co., in Buffalo.Mr. and Mrs. J. T. Livinggood,of Birmingham, Ala., newly-wedo.are spending several days on theirhoneymoon trip with Mrs. Livinggood's sister, Mrs. D. T. Tussey, inParis. Mr. Livinggood is a linotypeoperator on the Birmingham New.-,and a most genial gentleman. Mr.Livinggood was greatly pleased withParis and praised the general appearance of "our city."(Other Personals on Page 5.)P3j m ftBACKACHE IS A WARNING.Paris People Should Not NegleotTheir KidneysBackache is often nature's mostfrequent signal of weakened kidneys. To cure the pains and achesto remove the lameness when itarises from weakened kidneys, yeamust reach the cause the kidneys.If you have pain through the smallof your back, urinary disorders,headaches, dizzy spells, or are nervous and depressed, start treating thekidneys with a tested kidney remedy.Doan's Kidney Pills have beenproved good and are especially forweak kidneys. Doan's have beenused in kidney trouble for over 50years. Read Paris testimony.Floyd H. Rankin, grocer, Lillestouavenue and Lucas street, says: "Ihave used Doan's Kidney Pills offand on for years and have been greatly benefited. At times I .have suffered severely with kidney complaint. My back often pained meand was lame most nil 1ia tims "ThAI kidney secretions were too frequentm passasre and srrfcat.lv nnnnvfld.irifi.Whenever I have been this way, adox of Doan's Kidney Pills hasnever failed to cure me of the attackin short order."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for. a kidney remedy gfctDoan's Kidney Pills the sajme thatMr. Rankin had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y: (adv)- v -5Hffiwttw"sR?r-l unr i nftin . j 'cvv.ciWhen company comesthere is no time towaste no chances tobe taken so mothersees that there is always a can ofCALUMETBAKING POWDERon hand. Cakes, pies,doughnuts, muffins andall good things to eatmust be dressed up intheir best taste andlooks.Then, too, her reputation as a cook mustbe upheld and she"stakes" it on Calumetevery time. She k?iows itwill not disappoint her.Order a can and have the"company" kind of bakingsevery day.Calumet contains only suchingredients as have beenapproved officially by theU. S. Food Authorities.Yon save when you buy it.Yon s&re when you use it.vw1 , t : i A I. 1 ' .. I N,v..,irilsnirTy. NI I IA -3tfegfiiCures'and preveritsThi mOt dangerous TA71 44vot all baby chick dis- TT AiiiLVLfaases positively niii1i --jreventeq, lllril I IHPilOP Cored, mnmm m vwby imttlog 2 or 3 drops or.Beurbtn Poultry RowdyIn the drinking watr daring thefirst ten days . Cures gapes, fcbolexa.sorehead, roup ana co Ms. A Mobottle' makes 12 callous of medicine. At druggists or by mUpostpaid. Poultry KookPrea.aurben Rma!yC9., DptMt LaxlngUn, Ky.iiI1IBuy Liberty Bonds and Help WinThe War.1i35II11i113I1Wolf, Wile & CompanyAnnounce the Arrival of aXarge and Very Exclusive Selection ofWomen's NewTailored Suits and Dressesof Poiret Twill, Silvertone, Tricotine and Silk materialssmartly tailored models, showing many original touches ,designed especially to bring out the youthful effect.Excellent Values From $25.00 to $50.00Charming New Spring CoatsDisplaying the NewStraight Line Silhouettewhich gives these Coats a very fine appearance and agreat deal of dressiness. They are fitted with big collars,big cuffs, big buttons and pockets of unique design. Madeup of Satin, Taffeta, Light Weight Wool Velours, Silvertone, Jersey and Serge.Prices $20.00 to $55.00.Regarding . OurFur StorageWe are now ready to accept your furs for summerstorage. Our perfect facilities for this service carrieswith it the Wolf, Wile & Co. guarantee' against theft,fire and moths. Every article intrusted to our care isthoroughly cleaned before being stored. Prices verymoderate.WOLF, WILE S CO.LEXINGTON, KY.fsmmmmmmmmmwmsmmmmmmmmmmmwmiSELLERSKitchen CabinetWill make the kitchen what itought to be, and the manyhours you can save yourselfwill give you much rest.Save Your Self ! Save Food !Help Win the War!A BIG SAVING ON GAS RANGES!Let us show you how you can save gas bybuying a New Process Gas Range.Many Beautiful Patterns in Rugs!We are giving 20 per cent, off on Rugs duringour War Saving Sale. Let us show you.GET ADUPLEXFIRELESSCOOKERThat willdo yourcooking while youare sewing for theRed Cross.The Duplex will'COCiK while youWORK!NEWICEBERGSAVES ICEThat a New Iceberg will save icehas been demonstrated every yearfor the past 20years.Wt can htlp yu saveduring war times by. buy-inga'Ntw Ictberg Rtfrig-erator at a big discount.-A. F. Wheeler Furniture Co.Main and ThirdCHAS. GREEN, ManagerOppftJtt Qaurt Htwit, .- AJt .i-VHBu4hM-hjyK, faoe nnwmTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.. k4 04 "V J ?' ?" fi iW.TMDAY, APRIL 21, 1S18.-DON'T FORGET THE BOYS WHO HAVE GONEAND THOSE WHO ARE GOING TO FIGHT FOR USSin1 'tII PERSONAL APPEALALL0&PATRIOTSIn this section of Kentucky, regardless of color, sex or creed, for the$10,000,Nlll.UUKnights of Columbus War Fund. Look for us, welcome us. The volunteer workers will see you during theWeek Beginning April 21st, 1918.WITH YOUR AID WE SHALL GOOYER THE TOP !H ?&. ''"" - --.-. -4rlIE HAVE already established War Recreation Centers in all the Cantonments in this Country, and have begun a huge work "over there.""EVERYBODY WELCOME." K,of C. Buildings will soon mark theline from the debarkation ports to the trenches. Hundreds of patriotic workers are giving their entire time, free of cost, but millions will beneeded to keep the work moving for the1 protection of our boys your boy,smy boy, and our neighbor's boy from the4ime they don the U. S. uniform untilthey return victorious, sound in MORALS,. MIND AND BODY.The U. S: Government has designated the Y. M. C. A. and the Knights ofColumbus to take charge of this special form of War Work for the Recreation,Amusement and Moral Training of the Fighting ForcesHELP US TO maintain K. of C. buildings at the camps and "over there;"to maintain bureaus of information so that those at home and in the trenchesmay hear from one another; that creature comforts may be furnished, and aplace provided for plays, recreation, rest, reading, worship ; places like home ;sanctuaries for the sons of American fathers and mothers.VERODWL-COIVIEvery cent collected is for all the boys, regardless of religious beliefor want of belief; the U. S. uniform is the only requirement for enjoyment of ,all privileges. Every dollar contributed to this fund is dedicated to the UnitedStates Government, and to all who are wearing the uniform and risking their livesfor us.Shall We At Home Not Also Serve By CaringFor Them ?SECRETARY OF WAR, BAKER, says of the Y. M. C. A.and K. of C. work: "Their co-operation with the department has been sympathetic and constant, andas a consequence we have not had religious rivalrybut merely competition in service."GENERAL PERSHING has endorsed this work with therequest that it be extended to the battle fields of France.ECRETARY OF THE NAVY, DANIELS, speaking atthe late drive in New York for the K. of C. War Fund,I said: "I bring you the thanks of the Commander-in-Chief of the American army and navy, that patientand firm and resolute President, who bears burdens greaterthan were ever imposed upon any man since the days of theimmortal Lincoln."CARDINAL FARLEY says: "There is no longer inAmerica any -division. We are united and we have'highly resolved, Catholic and Protestant, Democratand Republican, easterner, Westerner and Southerner, that neither religious creed nor political bias, nor section,nor principalities, nor powers, nor things to come, nor heightsnor depths, shall ever separate us as an American nation."Be Ready for the Big Drive Beginning Apr. 21st. Help us "Over the Top."Blue Grass Council No. 762, Knights of Columbus.E. M. COSTELLO, County Chrm., GEORGE DOYLE, Secretary MRS. JOHN J. CON NELL, Ghr. Ladies' CommitteeMake All Checks Payable to E. M. COSTELLO,. Chairman War Camp Fund, K. of C, Bourbon County.Soliciting Committee: MISS KATE BURKE, MRS. EDW. BURKE, MBS. DENIS DUNOON, MRS, JOHIt FLANAGAN, MRS. MOLLIE ROCHE, MISS ELIZABETH BROWN4 MRS. JAMES CONNELL, MISS CAROLYN ROSEBERRY, MR. E, H. GOREY, WM.GRANNAN, JOHN WELSH, ROBERT SHEA, B. J. SANTEN, PAT KANE and OR. R. J. SHEA.This Advertisement Has Been Paid for as a Patriotic Contribution byJOHN T. COLLINS , ROBERT C TALBOTT PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC COPEOPLES DEPOSIT BANK & TRUST CO. THE FAIR STORE PARIS ICE MFG. CO.vtm-J i' lis!JImmmL4EiH31mf ----- ' '. jU. --, - . m . . . ' ' ., ' r5liYr rr . ,.. .?i -? . i nFRIDAY, APRIL 2C, 11.HE B0URB0N,NETO3,PA1IS K.. - -n iv'Nsiv.'.VFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEWOOL WANTfcD.Sacks and twine.C. S. BRENT t& BRO.(aprl9-4t) IE3 13 5lGOVERNMENT TO TAKE OVERWOOL CROP.The following telegram, receivedfrom Washington yesterday by Chas.S. Brent & Bro., indicates t&at theGovernment is preparing to takeover the wool clips. The telegramfollows:"Government takes wool offers asof April fifth, also commandeers thisyear's clip at last July prices, whichare five to ten per cent, less than today's values. No buying or sellingpermitted until Government fully establishes prices.". 12j 3 3THE DRIZZLER. -A light-weight raincoat or topcoat," good for this April weather35J. W. DAVIS & CO.5 "3BUCKET SORGHUM."Farmers' Pride" Bucket Sorghumthe best made. Let us have yourorder.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Gojngs of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.APPOINTED AS DELEGATESMrs. Lafon Riker, of Harrodsburg,president of the Kentucky Federationof Women's Clubs, has appointed Mrs.Frank P. Lowry, of Paris and Mrs.Alfred Zembrod, of Lexington, as itsofficial representatives to the Convention of the American Federation ofArts. Mrs. Lowry is the presentState Chairman of Art.The Convention of t-he Americanfederation of Arts, which will beheld this year at Detroit, Mich., onMay 23 and 24, has always broughttogether the country's niost famouswomen and men in the domain ofart.T&ORAL AGENTCut flowers, funeral -designs, etc.,gotten on short notice. Phone mevour order.JO. S. VARDEN.m ISFOR BOY SCOUTS.Daugherty Bros., the official Boy Scout Outfitters.(aprl9-tf)Q JQ fltPOSTOFFICE TO OBSERVE LIBERTY DAY TO-DAY.As to-day is Liberty Day, so designated in a special proclamationissued by President Wilson, the Parispostoffice will be open only in themorning, from 7:00 to 12:30. Thelural mail corners will make theirregular trips, but the city carrierswill make only one trip with collections. The stamp window, moneyorder a-nd registry departments willbe closed in the afternoon.Governor Stanley issued a proclamation Wednesday designating ahalf-holiday to-day in accordancewith the President's proclamationdeclaring "Liberty Day."BIG SPECIAL.Get vour "Hvsreno Sweeper" for98 cents next Thursday at 9 o'clock.See display ad on page 5 and windowdisplay.THE J. T. HINTON CO.a. Jj JjsjKHAKI BLOUSES AND PANTS.Popular with boys now. Here inall sizes.J. W. DAVIS & CO.m m mA LETTER PROM GEN. AGENTRODMAN TO HIS BOURBONREPRESENTATIVE INBIG RACE.Mr. R. F. Clendenin, AssociateGeneral Agent-of the NorthwesternMutual Life Insurance Co., who isone of the foremost in the contestwith the 6,400 agents in the U. S.,to write more insurance than anyof them during the year, which endsJune the 1st, has received the letterbelow in regard to the MarathonRace. We hope Mr. Clendenin, whois an untiring worker, will succeedin bringing the honor to Bourboncounty of having sold more insurance in the Northwestern than anyor the agents in the county. Theletter is as follows:"Mr. R. F. Clendenin,"Paris, Ky."My Dear Roy: ."You have slipped back to thirdplace. No doubt because of the fewdays you were absent. The race,however, is o "lose and you are going so strong that you can overtakethe leaders by being on the go everyminute."Bringing to Kentucky the honorof winning the Marathon Race isall of your friends in this agencyaie interested in. It has gone beyondthat. My Weekly Bulletin goes 'to agood many General Agents, and thesemen who are friends of yours andmine, as well as quite a number ofthe Home Office officials, are intensely interested in the outcome."The race is won at the finish.You and I have issued the challenge.It means too much to me for you tolose: therefore, stay right on theob, knowing that all of yourfriends in this, as well as other general agencies are with you, also theHome Office officials."Sincerely yours, rMiss Nell Rourke, of Paris, is aguest of relatives in Somerset.Miss Nell Rourke, of South Paris,is the guest of relatives and friendsin Somerset.Mr. W. C. Bell and Mr. Fred Fister have returned from a businesstrip to Campbellsvills, Ky.Misses Rosina and Ruby Elderare guests of Misses Mae and IreneMackey, on West Third street, Maysville. Among the visitors in the citythis week was Rev. E. G. B. Mann,of Lexington, formerly pastor of theParis Methodist church.Mr. John J. McClintock, wasable to be out on the streets Tuesday,after being confined to his home onDuncan avenue through the winterwith illness.Hon. John W. Yerkes, of Danvile, was in Paris, Wednesday, tovisit his brother, Mr. W. L. Yerkes,who is ill at the home of his son,Mr. John Yerkes.Dr. Martha Petree left yesterday for Chicago, to attend a twodays' conference of osteopathic physicians, who have been called thereto discuss questions growing out ofthe European War.Miss Jennie James, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. J. W. James, of thiscity, who is stenographer for a Lexington house, celebrated her seventeenth birthday Tuesday at the homeof Mrs. J. E. Barnett, on Engmanavenue, in Lexington. Among thosepresent were Mrs. James and Mrs.James Hicks, of Paris.At the home of her grandfather,Mr. Thos. J. Redmon, on the CaneRidge pike, near Paris, Tuesday afternoon, Miss Elizabeth Tarr, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J. Bennett Tarr,of Paris, was hostess to the membersof her card club. Refreshments wereserved at the conclusion of thegames, and all the participants hadan enjoyable afternoon.Prof. Crosgrove, Superintendentof the Middlesboro schools, was avisitor in Paris yesterday. Prof.Cosgrove had been in Louisville attending the meetingof the State Educational Association, and was enroute home. Being delayed by trainconnections he spent the greaterpart of the day inspecting .Fans,which ne says is "some town."Messrs. Samuel Clay, of nearParis, and James Caldwell, of Paris,the latter Chairman for this countyof the big Red Cross drive in May,were in Louisville, Tuesday, wherethey attended a meeting of the RedCross Society. The chief speaker ofthe occasion was Mr. George W.Simmons, of St. Louis, a notedworker in the Red Cross cause.Mr. Wm. Wood, a former resident of Paris, was a visitor hereWednesday. Mr. Wood, during hisresidence here, was a conductor onParis-Lexington interurban linerHe is now with the Overland Automobile Co., in Cleveland, Ohio, as amember of the sales and demonstration forces. Mr. Wood thinks Pariswonderfully improved in appearancefrom what is. used to be.Miss Gertrude Lusk, daughterof Patrolman Robert Lusk, of thiscity, is a patient at the Massie Memorial Hspital, suffering from typhoid fever. Miss'Lusk was broughthere from Charleston, West Virginia,where she had a position as stenographer with a large concern. Mr.Lust met the C. & O. train at Winchester with the Davis ambulanceand completed the journey to theMassie Hospital.Miss Hazel Cottingham, formerlyof Paris, and her fiance, Mr. RichardAnderson, of Lexington, whose marriage is soon, to be celebrated, weresruests at a dining arranged in theirhonor at the Phoenix Hotel, Wednesday evening by a number offriends. During the dinner toaststo the future happiness of thecouple were made and responded to.The table was arranged in the private dining room at the Phoenix.Cynthiana Democrat: "Mr.Robert Rose, of Paris, who recentlyresigned his position with the Louisville & Nashville, to accept the position of general delivery clerk in theTaris postoffice, has many friends inthis city and county, who will beglad to hear of his success and promotion. He will be remembered hereas the son of the late Robert Anderson Rose and Mrs. Mary King Rose,formerly of this county .... Mrs. S.F. Sprake and Miss Lula Gnadingerhave returned from a visit to friendsin Paris Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Dal-zell attended the funeral and burialof their nephew, Elgin Dalzell, atNorth Middletown, Bourbon county,Wednesday afternoon."(Other Personals on Page 5.)te. lRy ygPARMER SUPPERS A STROKE OPPARALYSIS.While in Paris on a business mission Mr. J. H. Martin, a prominentfarmer residing near Paris, wasstricken by paralysis, and for a whilewas regarded as being in a seriouscondition. He was removed to hishome on the Jacksonville pike,where he received medical attention.He was reported yesterday as beingslightly improved.ATTENTION. ODD PELLOWS!99TH ANNIVERSARYOBSERVANCELet every member of BourbonLodge and visiting uaa reuuw, ucin attendance at the meeting Mondaynight, April 29, to witness the initiation of twenty-five candidates, meetGrand Master Overstreet, GrandSecretary R. G. Elliott and otherGrand officials, and help celebratethe 99 th anniversary of Odd Fellowship. Besides the above there willbe something doing.T 153 ISREMODELING'HOME.The handsome residence of Mr. andMrs Jos. M. Hall, on Duncan avenue, which was badly damaged byt.o!.fl.hnut a year ago, is being re-AniaA aji'h undergoing ex tensive'- i yr-M r-,-i u- - - r . . -CUMBERLAND OPERATORS ' HICONPERENCE AT PRANKP0RTA traffic conference of the chiefoperators of eight exchanges of theCumberland Telephone Co., was held'in Frankfort, Tuesday. The meetingswere held in the parlors of theFrankfort Hotel, and were presidedover by Superintendent of Traffic G.A. Watson, of Louisville.The conference was held for thepurpose of discussing the new operating and routing instructions issued by the company. At the conclusion of the conference the operatorswere guests at a dinner at theFrankfort Hotel.These conferences are held usually every six months and are intended as an outing for the operators as well as instructions in theirchosen avocations.The following operators ,werepresent: Miss Sallie Comack, Paris;Miss Rpberta Chambers, Frankfort;Miss Nora Marshall, Georgetown;Miss Kate Kreiger, Lexington; MissesAnna Gooch and Nellie Robbins, Danville; Miss Agnes Sorrell, Harrodsburg.TOREPLACE STABLE WITHHANDSOME HOME.The old brick stable on Pleasantstreet, which for years was the property of the late John Griffith, and apart of the old Thurston House, hasbeen sold by Jas. McClure and H. A.Power, to Dr. Chas. G. Da,ugherty,who owns the adjoining" property.Dr. DaiUghe-ty will raze the old stable and improve the site by the erection of a modern residence.WOOL WANTED.Highest market price paidfor wool. Plenty of sacksand twine at our mule barnon South Main Street.CAYWOOD & McCLINTOCK.(aprl9-lm)FOR SALEAn oak folding bed a combination of bed, dresser and wardrobe;at a low figure if sold immediately.Home Phone 102. (26-tf)Old False Teeth Wanted.Don't Matter If Broken.We pay up to 15 dollars per set.Also cash for Old Gold, Silver andbroken Jewelry. Check sent by return mail. Goods held 10 days forsender's approval of our offer.Mazer's Tooth Specialty, Dept. A,2007 S. 5th St., Philadelphia, Pa.f26-5t)&Musical Instruments.Pianos, Player-Pianos, Organs,Phonographs, Violins, new and old,Guitars, Mandolins, Strings, PlayerPiano Music Rolls and Sheet Musicrolls and sheet music, and 35c doubledisc phonograph records.I have a good tuner, too, if yoiwant your piano tuned, leave nameand address at store.BROWN'S MUSIC STORE,(26-2t) Masonic Temple.i3I-4iIi1 This week we call vour attention to the distinctive and vouthful stvles m our'g mid-season showing of Smart Coats, Suits, Dresses, Skirts, Waists, etc.I In the Suits you'll find even the simple, tailoring models have the snap and5 service usually obtained trom only the highest priced custom tailors.Perhaps you are missing the very garment you are wanting for Spring- Youare invited to see this showing while it is fresh.Wonderfully Complete Showingof Beautiful Styles in Women'sCoats Suits, Dresses and WaistsCHIC SUITS$25.00 to $75.00BEAUTIFUL DRESSES$15.00 to $25.00SMART COATS$15.00 to $50.00DAINTY WAISTS$1.00 to $15.00Charming Creations in Chic Millineryat $5.00 to $15.00We feel that your approval of this marvelous beauty showing of Millinery willbe certain and sure once you giue us the pleasure of showing it to you.This Week We Are Featuring Scores ofGage Hatsin a variety of bewitching.y lovely trimmed effects every hat a truly remarkablevalue at the above price.Silk UnderwearThe woman who loves pretty things will delight in this showing of Crepe deChine and Satin Underwear, in Teddy Bears, Corset Covers Gowns, etc. in prettyfLsh and white effects.HARRY SIMONI MAIN STREETPARIS, KY.224-228 W. MAIN ST-LLEXINGTON, KY.wrartHfraHfWe Have Acceptedthe Agency For theWHITESEWINGMACHINEWhich Has the NewImprovementsof"SIT-STRATE,"THE VIBRATORmd&Special Sale!ThursdayMorning;MAY 2At 9:00 O'clock50HYGENOSTEEL CARPETSWEEPERSWORTH 53.00, EACH98cANDROTESTYLESThe Demonstrator WillBe Here All ThisIWeek.Daugherty Br os.Fifth and MainMSee The BigWindowDisplayOnly one sold to eachcustomer.None sold before the saleday.No phone orders will beaccepted." None seht C. 0. D.A WONDERFUL BARGAINBe Here on Time!You will be sure to admit that this is a wonderful bargain.You will wonder how it is possible to secure such splendidsweepers to sell at such a low price. It is merely anotherdemonstratiorrto give our patrons the advantage of everyspecial purchase we make, having secured 50 of these sweepsers from one of the largest manufacturers in the country as abig special sale feature offering. $3.00 won't buy a bettersweeper. Made of steel; light in weight? but very strong.The HYGENO sweepers are handsome, having beautiful mahogany baked enamel finish and nlckle trimmings.Don't Fail to See Them on Display inOur Window.Just the intense interest being manifested in the display-and the comments on the very low price of only 98 cents, therewill be a quick sale of this lot of 50 HYGENO sweepers.Remember only 50 of these sweepers m this sale and if youappreciate a big bargain and want to obtain your sweeper it 16essential that you be here promptly at 9 o'clock Thursdaymoraine. Positively none sold'before this time. At 98c theywill go like hot cakes. No phone orders, none sent C. O. D."and none charged.THE J. T HINTON C0r'EITHJERPHONE" 36SIXTH AND MAINSTS.I -It -v-5.rVchanges architecturally.1 -ftP1GESH" I ' "Ti ''lFRIDAY, APRIL 2, ISIS.THE BOITitBON NEWS, PARIS, KYIiWRIGLEYSHPKeep WMGLEVmind as the longestlasting confectioncan buy. Send ithe boys at the fiiS in ASBBSyou IflSKSKKfirawIIlt4ifYtA fTtMtMtftiiIn fiiiioafmoafc na 5-cent Package of WRIGLEVSwill give you several days enjoyment: if s an investment in benefitas well as pleasure for it helpsteeth, breath, appetite digestion.S Chew It After Every Meal 53g The Flavor Lasts! Jm IM'I'II M J mS "IB1II 1.iMMnaf mbsnmiimiIIIIIIIIIISENGLISH COMMANDER PAISESTHE AMERICAN SOLDIERS.Detailed reports of the participation of American engineer troopswith the British fifth army duringthe first days of the German onslaught have reached the War Department from Gen. Pershing. "Thewill make splendid reading for Americans," Secretary Baker said in making the announcement. The reportstell how two regiments and a battalion of engineers, working with British forces, consolidated and held asub-sector of the British line fromMarch 26 to April 3 againsf repeatedGerman assaults. The text of themessage from Gen. Rawlinson, theBritish commander, to Gen. Pershinghighly praising the Americans lhgiven. The engineers fought undertheir own officers. They lost two officers killed and three wounded,twenty men killed and fifty-twomissing, some of whom probably willbe found with British organizations.INSHOEPOLISHES,LIQUIDS & PASTES KEEP YOURFOR BUCKTWHITE, I SHOESTANrUARK BROWN fc NEATUK UA'DLUUUSHOES.A QUICK BRILLIANTLA5TIN5 SHINE.PRESERVE THE;LEATHER.THE RF.OALIEV CORPOttATIOMS.T0BUFFALO.N.y.tHONOR R0Ln"It)R',-TflEEI6HTH-MONTHPARIS CITY SCHOOLSGRADE IB.Anna Dee Watson 93, ClemmaMann 92, Edward Floyd 92, Margaret Sprake 91.GRADE 1A.Uiion "Tucker 93, Dotson Wells 92,Raymond Stewart 93, Elsey Tucker92, James Morrison 98, PrenticeBurton 95, John King 94, BaylessMorrison 96, Claude Russell 90, William Bagby 90, Abram Clough 90,William Amvx 96. John Shearer 92.Anna Parrent 96, Frances Bowling!94, Eva Roberts 97, Dorothy McCord 96, Ella May Brown 94, Frances Waterfill 91, Hazel Buchanan93, Sam Kerslake 93, Virgil Gaits-kill 93, Louise Elvove 94, ElizabethWhitley 96, Elizabeth Ingram 94,Elizabeth Hinton 92, Mary Stone 93,Camille Perkins 90, Annella Myers96, Pearl Faulk 9p, Nancy Baldwin95, Marie Foley 96.GRADE 2B.Ethel Fightmaster 92, Louise Slicer 90, Shirel Wills 93.GRADE 2A.Willie Crump 91, Noah Hinton 94,Katie Irvine 94, Mary E. Isgrig 91,William Marshall 95, Imogene Fryman 94, Ella D. Faulk 91, ThenoshaMcCord 93, Dorothy Thomas 93Martha Ray 93, Vivian Smith 91,Elizabeth Douglas 91, Gladys Quinn92, Edward Shout 94.GRADE 3B.Harriett Kerslake 97, WilliamSauer 96, Elizabeth Watson 95,Edna Bruce Stewart-94, Edna Crump94, Katie Lee Sunders 93, T. J. Judy,Jr., 91, Mary Ellen Thomas 90, AllenSmith 91.GRADE 3A.Susan Howard 97, Ruth Dickerson96, William Anderson 96, Chas. Cook95, Edward Merringer 94, Effie Edwards 94, Harvey Hill 93, JewelMaxey 92, Pitman Sandusky 91,Howard Reese 91, Eugene Strother90, Frankie Hubbard 90, LucileFrederick 90, Kroft King 91.GRADE 4B.Hazel Maxey 90, Myrtle Watson95, H. B. Hill 90, Edwin K. Rice 93.Kady Elvove 95, Sarah Elvove 93,John Koontz 92, Lelia Kiser 93, Jessie Irvine 94, Sam Hendricks 95,Windel Reading 93.GRADE 4ALeola Gifford 90, William YerkesSO, Cannon Williams 92, Alice Burton 95, Edith Bowles 91, WilliamBowling 93, Rosa May Carr 94, Rpbecca Collier 96, Ethel Dickinson 90,Blanche Davidson 90, Everett Hall92, Elise Morrison 95, Helen Roberts 95, Dorothy Pepper 95, Wallingford Parker 91, Imogene Alexander 92, Jas. Mann 91, Duke Payne90.GRADE 5B.William Hinton 95, Marie Bishop94, Anne C. Talbott 97, GertrudeSmelser 93, Ethel Mae Curtis 93, Edward Delaney 93, Lucy Williams 95,Dudley Deaver 91, Will M. Lair 95,Lillian Taylor 94.GRADE 5AEthel Woodward 91, Ethel Shankland 94, Henry Sandusky 90, EmmaDickinson 91, Elmeta Douglas 91,Busie Leach 90, Katherine Youngi$4l.GRADE 6BVivian Wallingford 93, HallauGoldstein 96, Frances Clark 95, Elizabeth Mason 90, Hairry B. Clay 92,Pansy Burns 94, Louise Kirkpatrick94, Harry Tucker 97, Bruce Gardener 91, Nina Maxey 92, FrancesThompson 93.GRADE 6AEdgar Hill 96, Anita Overby 93.GRADE 7BKatherine Hendricks 93, MarthaCollier 91, Mary Louise Clendenin91, Sarah Myers 91, Irene Ester 91.GRAD E7APrentice Calvert 91, Ellen Scott 93.GRADE 8BNannette Arkle 93, VirginiaCahal 91, Virginia Morrison 90, EdDrane Paton 93, Margaret Hill 96,Virginia Hancock 95.GRADE 8ALouise Collier 95, Katherine Wallingford 94, Mae Tyree 91, VernaHeinrichs 90, Herbert Myers 91.GRADE 9.Thelma Brannock 93, NorbertFriedman 92, Minnie Galloway 92,Collins Hall 92, Robert Hall 90, Raymond Stamler 90, Loraine Weathers 91.GRADE 10Christine McCord 93, Mary Ellt"93 Dorothy Tingle 90, MargaretLavin 90, GeraJdine Gerrin 91,GRADE 11Thelma Squires 94.GRADE 12Vernita Baldwin 93, Edna Snapp96, Eleanor Lytle 93, Robert Lavin95, Charlie Kenney 93, Lena Rose90, Mabel Galloway 92.-?ifiPainting Time Is Here!Don't Let Your Property Decay For theWant of Paint.It is a waste of good money to buy cheap paint.We sell the Sherwin-Williams Paint have sold ithere for forty years. We can fill all your wantsv to be found in a high class paint establishment.We do your painting right....Wall Paperand Paper Hanging., rC. A. DAUGHERTYFifth and Main StreetsCATARRH CANNOT BE CUREDwith LOCAL APPLICATIONS, as theycannot reach the seat of the disease.Catarrh is a local disease, greatly influenced by constitutional conditions,and in order to cure it you must takean internal remedy. Hall's CatarrhMedicine is taken internally and actsthrough the blood on the mucous surfaces of the system. Hall's CatarrhMedicine was prescribed by one of thebest physicians in this country foryears. It is composed of some of thebest tonics known, combined withsome of the best blood purifiers. Thoperfect combination of the ingredients in Hall's Catarrh Medicine iswhat produces such wonderful resultsin catarrhal conditions. Send fortestimonials, free. 'F. J. CHENEY & CO., Props.,Toledo, O.All Druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (adv-april)E. ffl. WHEELER 8BIGRUG SPECIALfAbout thejhardest thing in theworld is to win a man's friendshipand his money at the same time.?S 11 I5iA woman can be said to havereached the age of discretion whenshe remembers to forget her birthdays. WHOOPING COUGH.Give Chamberlain's Cough Reniedyto keep ,the .cough loose and4A CAR LOAD OF RUGSBOUGHT AT THE RIGHT PRICEThese rugs must be turned into money quick, though, forus to get out on them, hence the bargain prices : we offer.Room Size Rugs in Floral and ConventionalDesigns.Also a beautiful line of Progress Sanitary All-metal Refrigerators in white, green and oak finished steel.IAII white enameled inside. Prices ranging to suit every buyer.Also a Beautiful Line of Iron Beds Just ReceivedSomething to Suit Every Household.E. E Wheeler Furniture CompanyROBNEEL BUILDING, COR. EIGHTH AND MAIN STREETSTWIN BROS.Department StoreSpecialJlnnouncement. . .Ladies'SilkDressesValues up to $14.50, go at$8.95A large assortment of theNewestLadies'SilkWaistsin many beautiful designsat$3.98 eachLook Over These ItemsAnd It Will Help You:Ladies9Muslin Underwear,Gingham Dresses,Corsets, Etc.We are Agents For Ladies'Home Journal Patterns10c and 15c.Twin Bros.Department StorePARIS, KY.IXsX!GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, KLet Us Serve You !This company is a public servant in a greater capacity thanother utilities, such as railroad, the gas or electric light andpower companies, because it serves you day and night oftentimes in matters of extreme importance. The doctor, the polic3or the fire department are immediately summoned by our rapidservice. We give you prompt connection with the trades-peopleor your triends." HAVE YOU A PHONE?The cost is reasonable and is something few people canafford to do without. We are a home insttitution and are vitally interested in the town's welfare. We can help you. Youcan help us. Let's get together.Paris Home Telephone S Telegraph Co.J. J. VEATCH,District jfanager.(Incorporated)W. H. CANNON,Xcal Manager.?Now is the Timeto Figure onaYourSpring PaintingAND;-y PaperingiLet Us Make an Estimate for You Be-fore Placing Your Order, CallUs Over Home Phone 399.KANE BROSfv:Vexpectoration easy. It is excellent.(adv-aprilV8"FRIDAY, APHIL 26, 1918.THE BOURBQN NEWS, PARIS, KY.PIGS setcjtVfIIs Ifour HouseStaying "foung?Every sensible man wants hishouse to stay young to lookfresh, bright, and new, unmarked by time or weather.Houses grow old and look oldthrough being neglected. Paintkeeps new houses from lookingold and losing value, and givesnew life to old houses. Tofreshen up your house and keepit young, use paint made ofDutch BoyAnchor BrandWhite-Leadthinned with pure linseed oil.Such paint costs no more thansome paints which are not alllead. We have the right remedy, ifj'our house, your barn, or yourgarage is not looking as youngas it should. Come in and letus show you our complete andup-to-date stock of paints, varnishes, brushes, and all paintaccessories.MILLERSBURGMr. Earl Hill is improving-.Mrs. Fannie Norton continuesto grow weaker.Mrs. America Butler and Mrs.M. E. Martin continue about thesame.Mr. J. B. Cray attended thefuneral of Mrs. Prichard at Lexington, Tuesday.Mr. and Mrs. A. T. Maffett returned Monday after a ten-days' sojourn at Martinsville, Ind.Miss Ethel Fisher was the guestof Miss Mildred Bruce, at Irvinefrom Tuesday until to-day.Messrs. Wadell Beeding, AllenMason and others will leave Sundayfor Camp Taylor, Louisville.Miss Ruth McClintock left Monday for Cincinnati, to attend theMissionary meeting- of the Presbyterian church.Mr. and Mrs. F. C. Caldwellhave rented the property of Mrs. S.C. Carpenter, and will move to it inthe near future.Mr. and Mrs. R. L. Harney, ofParis, Mr. and Mrs. Dalzell, of Lexington, and Mr. W. F. Moore, ofWeston, Mo., were guests of Mr. andMrs. Dennis McMahan, Sunday.Mrs. A. C. Clockseim, of Cleveland, 0., Miss Mary Savage and little Miss Anna Catherine Savage, ofParis, arrived Tuseday as the guestof tneir aunt, Mrs. G. W. Judy, andother relatives.Mrs. Charles Carrington returned Monday from Camn Lee at. Potprjburg, Va., where she has been withner nusoand tor the past week. Mr.Carrington does not know when hisregiment will be called to France.Don't forget the concert to begiven by Miss Mildred Bruce, at M.Artillery Recruiting Officer GetsMany New Men During Past WeektfC. A. DaughertyPermanentSachetsprovide a lasting f raerancefor lingerie, veils, gloves andhandkerchiefs.Made bv inenrnoraf-incr naf-nralflower oils into a waxy substance.Kenewea indefinitely by scrapingsuriace ngntiy ana tnus releasing tresti globules of per-turned oil.Always an acceptablegut.Price Twenty-rive CentsEach. frmrtnZ:,:r.iMRS. M. A. PATON437 S. Main Phone 330mmWe Have Some Very FineNEAL'SPAYMASTERSEEDCORNGermination GuaranteedOrder Early, as the Stock isLimited;C. S. BALL OARAGE- Cor. Fourth and Ploasant St..Corporal John A. Nichols, UnitedStates artillery, of the arny recruiting station in Roanoke, is daily gathering recruits to the aid of GeneralPershing, and is loud in his praise ofthe patriotic spirit of the young menof this city, so many of whom havevolunteered their services withoutw aiting to be drafted. -Corporal Nichols is again in thepink of condition, and hopes soon tobe sent oversea. He yesterday said:"I am feeling fine again. I wassuffering from general debility andwas badly run down. I had no appetite, my blood was in poor condition. I was as nervous as could beand could not rest well at night."Fortunately, a druggist friend ofmine recommended that I take A-I-M,and consequently I aim to-day asfit as ever, and have the same old'pep' to my step."I take pleasure in making thisinformation public for the good ofthe service in that it may be themeans of qualifying many young menwho are anxious to do their bit, butwho are at present unfit physically."Acid Iron Mineral is a wonderfultonic. I began to increase in weightand strength almost immediately,and it has put good color back intomy cheeks again."Corporal Nichols' statement is similar to that of thousands of other people throughout the 'country, who,during the past thirty years, havetestified to the merits of this naturalmineral iron.If you are run down, anaemic,worn out, lack bodily vigor, sleeppoorly, have -no appetite or lackweight go to youc regular druggistand get a bottle of Acid Iron Mineral. Try it a week or two. Then, ifit hasn't made a new man of you return the bottle and your jmoney willbe promptly refunded.Or, better yet, ask the advice ofyour family physician. See what hehas to say of A-I-M, and be guidedby his judgment.Acid Iron Mineral is on sale by allprogressive druggists in the UnitedStates, Canada and Great Britain.The Brooks & Snapp Drug Co., wholesale distributors for Paris and vicinity. (adv)M. I. auditorium at eight p. m. today. She will be assisted by her sister, Miss Mary Louise Bruce, violinist, and Miss Ethel Fisher, accompanist. Admission, 25 and 35 cents.The students of the GradedSchool will give the "Kindling of theHearth Fires" at the opera houseFriday, May 3, at eight o'clock. Admission 30 cents to all parts of thehouse. The proceeds to be used fornecessities of the school. Rememberthe cause, time and place. Let everybody go. (26-3t)The Red Cross Chapter will givea picture entertainment at the Majestic Theatre, Thursday evening.Two reels of the piece will be devotedto Red Cross work, while the remainder will show the Red Cross ladies'on the battlefields of France and Belgium. Let everybody take advantage of this opportunity. We will bebrought face to face with the RedCross work on tlie battlefields.SOMEBODY'S TAKING THE JOYOUT OF LIFE.In common with everything else,cigarettes have taken another advance, and smokers of the little rollswill have to pay more for their favorite brands.Grades which had been sold forfive cents up to January 1, advancedto six cents on that date, and yesterday another cent was added to thisprice by all dealers, making the oldfive-cent grades now seven cents perpackage. All other grades were advanced proportionately. Thus, inthe language of the comic supplements, "somebody is always takingthe joy out of life."STOCK, CROP, ETC.m The following stock transactions are among those recently madeby Bourbon county stock dealers:Mr. Wolford 'Houston purchased ofHomer Levi, of Harrison county, apair of mules for $650; Cay wood &'McCilntock shipped a carload of fathogs and a carload of fine butchercattle to the Cincinnati market; W.A. Thomason, of near North Middletown, shipped two carloads of hogsto the Cincinnati market; Mr. HenryS. Caywood, of near North Middletown, sold to Dr. J. Miller Bayne, ofWaynesboro, Ala., a five-gaitedchestnut gelding, the one which hasbeen shown by McCra'y Bros, thisseason, for a' fancy-price. The gelding has won a number of premiumsin saddle, harness and combinedclasses.m mMAN, 69, FINISHES COURSE FORU. S. SEAMAN.Edward P. Weaver, formerly ofBangor, Me., claimed the distinctionof being the oldest officer yet graduated from the free Government navigation schools conducted by theUnited States Shipping Board recruiting service. He is 69 years old. 'Mr. Weaver, who had many years'experience as a seaman, decidedwhile at New Orleans some weeksago to enter one of the schools andtrain for a deck officer for the merchant marine. He passed the rigidphysical test without difficulty andcompleted his course.'illIf You are Thinking About aPipeless Furnaceand want it propjerly installedlet us figure with you.Satisfaction guaranteed, We areagents for the Laurel Furnace.None better.We are also exclusive agents for theVIKING CREAM SEPARATORSCall and let us show them to you.LOWRY&MAYAmong the many good things whichhelp to make up the happiness of ahome, are the regular visits of thispaper try it.BAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly RollCream PuffsDoughnuts, Rolls, PiesGROCERYFruitsFresh VegetablesMEATDEPARTMENT, RoatsLamb, Veal, PorkBrainsWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376VThe German invasion of Russiatook the Bolsheviki by surprise, butit was what everybody else was looking for.I BELIEVEI believe that I am right in theci nclusion that thinking people donot want bargain glasses anymoretnan they would want nature to endow them with a bargain pair ofeyes.My work is, and always will bejust as good as I know how to makeit. I must give satisfaction in orderthat my business may grow.If you will favor me with yourpatronage, I will see to it that youonly pay a fair price and I will alsopromise you satisfaction, so muchso that you will not hesitate to recommend me to your friends who arein. .need of eye help.Dr. Wm. Riley FranklinBoth Phones.520 Main St.You Don't Have toStoopIf You Use aOur Two Black JacksiiGarlandCabinetRangeSDIRRELLY110ANDiiLLSPEARSnwill make the season, at our place,3 & miles from Paris on: the Maysville pike,$10 to Insure a Living Colt.These are two fine animals, bigbone, mealey nose and belly and aresure foal getters.Home Phone 3 or 370.TURNEY BROS.PARIS, KY.(lapril-lmo) , -aja 1Hm B-A beautiful line of Garland tn rfla)ay. coma In and lack than avar.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorparata)Columbia GrafonolasTHaH aaaa fColumbia Grafcnola No. A, $18.00Columbia Grafonola No. B, $30.00Columbia Grafonola No. C, $45.00ARDERY DRUG COMPANY410 MAIN STREET PARIS, KENTUCKYThe Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.West 5 Street23TSatisfaction is OnrWatchwordWith all the latest improvements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we are preparedto do work inferior tonone, and solicit yourpatronage.Bourbon Laundry,Paris' Kentucky.SLexington RacesFIFTEEN DAYSApril 23 to May 9, InclusiveEight Valuable Stakes r- BestHorses in America will Contest.ADMISSION:-oGentlemen t . ...$15 Hwhich will include war tax. -Ladies t. , $1.1 0which will include war tax.Children Undtr Sfxttfcn Yt art of Aft Nat Admitted TaTha Grounds.First Race at 2:15 O'clock Each Day,Rain or Shine ! . .:IIaII1,h't vris-THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TAGE EIGHTFRIDAY, APRIL 2, llf.hz"JdeTaths.-.Mcdowell.-Tlie funeral -of iMrs. IVfaria G.McDowell, agejl-sixty-six, who diedaj her home on- Nineteenth street, in-Wednesday afternoon at .two o'clock Ridge, .and Miss Salliewiriih. services conducted at the graveJ3ar. 'the Paris Gemetery by .Rev. W. EJ.3Hlis, pastor of the Paris Christian&tirch. The pall-bearerS'Were: Di4.pi. Zvenney, J. W. Muir, W, S.42?tftn, Leonard Watsofi,' Jas, Fitz-'ferald, Walter Page. ' ,; ; c 'iV,,irs McDowell was -thewife ofrLeroy McDowell. Her 'death 'wasf$rectlx due to an attach of hqart-trouble, from which she 'had been aTefer.er for someHimei. .Besides her3fatsfjand she is survived by oneTib'it. Mr. C. 0. McDowell, of Dayton,Tinder, pastor ok the North Middle'town Christian church The burialfollowed on the family Jot in theNorth Middletown Cemetery. . fc .Mr. Rogers had for many yearsbeen a director inutile North Middletown Deposit Bank, and was one ofthe jnost substantial farmers in thosection. He was a brother pff Mr.Louis-Rogers, Mr. Nat Rogers andMr. Warren Rogers, of near CaneRogers, olthis county.The pall-bearers were: ActiveJudge 'W. Lee Evans, E. B. Dooley,Asa DooJey, N. P. Gay, Wm M. Gayarid Robert rBra;tton; .honoraryThos.- J. Judy, Henry S. Caywood,Allie G. Jones, .Ray Burris, John M.Woods.John.T.. Collins, W. M. Rogers, John &,Talbott. Woodson McCord and Judge' f. M. Benton.' " ' LENIHAN.' -'4The' funeral of Mrs. Hannorahl6eiiihan, aged eighty-three, whoted' Monday night' at' 'the -residence-4e her daughter, Mrs." Martin D6yle,r'a, complication of disases,-was'heldt tfce "Catholic, church Wednesdayaaorning at -nine o'clock-with ser-,Prices conducted by Rev7r Father vEuee DeBruyn. The interment followed in the 'Paris Catholic 'Cemetlery. The pall-bearers, were GeorgeJoyle, E. M. Costello, Emmett Coons,-JGorge Glass, Wm. iJrannan, JamesWiggins. ' '''Mrs. Lenihan is survived by three.'ughters, Mrs. 'Martin Doyle, Mrs.Uen Mahoney and Miss Kate Leni16&at -all of tin's city. ' She had a largeeSrcle of friends in this city and-wtmty, who regret her passing away.Previous to coming to Paris to reside,Iters, Lenihan had made 'her-home in- fJdrtli Middletown.DALZELL.' Tie funeral of Elgin Dalzell, the'"Sttqst Bourbon county boy to die in&& service during the present war,as held Wednesday afternoon attwo o'clock, with services co-nduct--3Lh,t the grave in the North Middle3na Cemetery by Rev. F. M. Tinder,pastor of the North' MiddletownXJhristlan church, assisted by Rev."TKiird Russell.The active pall-bearers were Jos.Hopkins, Ivan Soper, Chas. Hopkins,JRas. Thompson. Clarence Ralls andTroup Clark. The honorary pall-" fearers were members of the North3? Iiddletown and Little Rock Masonicr xrders.The body, wrapped in a large-American flag, arrived here Mondayfrom Philadelphia, accompanied by'Ills father, Mr. Clifton Dalzell. TheJaneral was in the nature of a military one, as a tribute to a fine young:m&71' who had given his life to the-cause. The attendance at thefuneral is said to have been the largst ever noted in North Middletown.ROGERS.The funeral of Mr. Harvey A.Rogers, whose death last Sunday wasmoted in THE NEWS' issue of Tues&ay, wa-s held Tuesday afternoon at4wo "O'clock, at his residence near"Wade's Mill, in Clark county. Ser--Tsisewere conducted by Rev. F. M..MORROW.The funeral of Miss Pinkie Morrow, aged thirty-seyen, who died atthe home of .her father, Mr. GeorgeW. Morrow,, -near .Clinton ville, -Wednesdaymorning, will be held at theresidence this 'afternoon at 2:30o'clock, with services conducted byRev. Newton L. Shropshire. The interment will take place in the Clintonville Cemetery.Miss Morrow had been in declininghealth for some time, her death resulting from pulmonary tuberculosis, from which she had long been asufferer. She was a young womanof many attainments, and very popular with a large circle of friends.She was the daughter of Mr. GeorgeW. Morrow, a prominent farmer ofthe Clintonville precenct. Hermother, Mrs. Sallie Parvin Morrow,preceded her to the grave some yearsago.Miss Morrow is survived by her father, one brother, Mr. Henry Morrow, of near Clintonville, and threesisters, Mrs. Ruth McWhorter, ofLexington, Mrs. Frank Donaldson, ofHamden, Ohio, and Mrs. J. L. Marders, of the county.FLORAL AGENT.Cut flowers, funeral designs, .etc.,gotten on short notice. Phone mejour order.JO. S. VARDEN.' fis to RaRELIGIOUS.The Endeavor Society of, theFresbyterian church will meet Sunday evening at the court house at6:45. The leader will be Mrs. M.H. Dailey. The topic will be, "ThePower of the Cross in City Slums."At the Baptist church yesterdayafternoon and last night meetingsof the Enlistment Forces from theState Board and the Elkhorn Association were held, at which reportswere presented to the church anci"the community of the movement inaugurated all over the South for thecollection of funds for church adancement. Among the workers whotook part in the proceedings wereDr. F. W. Eberhardt, Prof. John L.Hill, of Georgetown, and B. O.Bryan, Corresponding Secretary ofthe State Board.- The forces wereled by the Rev. J. W. Beagle.CS2S2 THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMO IFriday, April 26thLADIES' AND GOVERNMENT DAYtwo ladies. will be. admitted for one admission. dIus the war tax.1JlJesse L. Lasky PresentsJack Pickfordwnri Aim thmBeing a continuation of the."Tpm Sawyer"picture recently shown here.,. - :pKing Baggott and Marguerite Snow, in7th episode of .'"" . w-"THE EAGLE'S EYE."Saturday, April 27thBessie Lovein-Pathe Special Feature'The Great Adventure', By Henry Kitchell WeBster.., Big y Comedy, 'Telephones and Troubles." n:Hcarst-Pathc Newsi-28 - r( "TINo.Monday, April 29thAdblph Zukor PresentsElsie FergusonIN"Rose of the World"By Agnes and Edgerton. .Castle.An Artcraft Picture.' Mack Sennett Comedy"Sheriff Nell's Tussle"PricesAt trie Alamo Children war tax lc; Adults 13c-war tax 2c.At the Paris Grand -Children 5c war tax lc; Adult 13c war tax 2c.Colored persons, Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 10c-- war tax lc.SOLDIERS EN ROUTE SOUTH PASSPARIS.A special tram or twelve daycoaches, baggage and dining cars, enroute from a Northern cantonmentto a military camp somewhere in theSouth, passed through Paris Wednesday morning.The soldiers were members of aWisconsin regiment, largely recruited from Milwaukee, and werefull of enthusiasm and a desire to"go over yonder" and get "Bill's"goat. While many of them told of thonlace of their departure and their ultimate destination, censor regulations forbid their publication as amatter of public policy.One of the men made the remark,as he gazed woefully at a batteredold sign on a warehouse advertisinga certain well-known Milwaukealiquid: "Well, fellows, that's asclose as we will ever get to it againThe furder South we goes the dryerit gets."Yesterday morning another longtrain, a special, carrying twentycoaches, passed through. Paris, froma Northern point, its destination being somewhere in the South. Thecoaches were filled with a cheering,enthusiastic crowd of soldiers, whomade themselves at home whilehere.On one of the coaches, a big placard had been hung from one of thewindows. It bore the legend: "Oh,People, We Are On Our Way ToLick the Kaiser, And We Are TheBoys Who Can Do It!" One of thesoldiers, as he strol!e,d along theplatform, remarked, "From Paris,Kentucky, to Berlin. That's wherewe're going, suref" As the trainpulled out lusty voices were heardsinging, "Over There."Notice ToBridge ContractorsSealed proposals will be receivedliy the Fiscal Court of Bourbon-county ut the office of Pearce Paton,County Clerk, onThursday, May 2, 1918,iHjtil 12 o'clock, noon, Paris, Kentucky, for the construction of fourreinforced concrete bridges, acrossSutler's Branch at station 157:40,Steel's Branch at Station 213:31.small stream, at Station 262:08 and-Scbtt's Creek at Station 414.19, onthe Paris and North MiddletownHqad,"Kb. 9 D. I. No bridge exceedsOfoot clear span with 16 foot road:.way. ''Bids will be received separatelyxipon the superstructures and thecutistructures. A lump sum bid may". Ire 'made upon all the bridges com-,ptete if st desired.Each bid must be accomplishedy a certified check for 5 of theamount of bid submitted and tlu-cc miist be made payable to thefeetiff of Bourbon county.'For further information concerningfocal conditions and not shownhereon address Ben F. Bed-.-"lofrdj County Road Engineer, Paris.Kentucky.. Each bid must state a definitetlnxe of completion. he right' is re-aerved to reject any and all bids.- 'The following plan$ are required fo-tfilB work:'Substructure pjins Nos. 702 andT14, substructure plans Nos. 702 and7lXsJid plans of gandatd reinforcedcerfcrete slab bridges, and niay beeen at the office pf the Department-of. Public , Roads, Frankfort, Kentucky, or at the om.oe. of Ben F. Bed--foYd, County Road Engineer, Paris,'IKejAtucky.ESTIMATED QUANTITIES:"1 fa ;3 concrete .2.5 cu. yds.?-i:fc.:4- concrete. 137.2 cu. yda.Heiaf. st9i 24,735.0 lbs-ifc ctte 59.6 cu. yd.-Eftndstone 12.4 cu. yd.l l.QCAIi CONDITIONSNearest I. R. station, Paris, Ky.,-mSU & N. R. R.Average distance to sites, 6 miles,rmuktj roads macadam.iStoae-qaq. be procured at NorthIWUletoir or Paris., Sand &, Paris; lumber at Paris.JExisfcjiJiif structures are to be reM?eL Hrthe contractor for the sub:stipeture an4 neatly piled up out of-1fc way, and temporary provision-nL be jnvae by--the County Road"BMiaeer for diverting the traffic. ,BIRTHS.To the wife of Mr. Frank Williams, residing near Centerville, inthis county, a son. Mrs. Williamswas formerly Miss Anna Barlow, ofCenterville.Mr. and Mrs. Frazier Lebus, ofCynthiana, are receiving congratulalations upon the advent of a daughter, born Tuesday at the Good Samaritan Hospital, in Lexington. Mrs.Lebus was formerly Miss ElvinaStoll, of Lexington.'AND THE FEMALE IS DEADHLIST OP THE SPECIES."President Wilson, by a proclamation issued Saturday, placed Germanand Austrian women in the UnitedStates under the same restrictionsas have prevailed for male enemyaliens. These restrictions are applicable only to women more than 14ears old, who have not been natuialized by their own or their malerelatives' 'declarations of citizenship.German women have been-ordered toleave the District of Columbia.In line with the President's policy of- leniency toward' male subjectsof Austria-Hungary, the women ofthis nationality will be subject onlyto the general danger of being interned if they prove dangerous.APRIL "EVERYSTUDENT."--The April number of "Everystudent," the P. H. S. monthly publication, is just off the press from THENEWS job rooms, and is in every respect a notewortny publication."Everystudent" is full of good thingsfrom start to finish, evidencing thecareful training the students havereceived., The table of contents comprises aieview of "The Yokohama Maid," theoperetta recently produced by the E.H. S. students; "The Sophomores Entertain;" "Girls' Swimming Class;"Jokes; Book Review; "Plans for Sen-ior-Play;"Editorials; "The PennyLunch;'" "Gone, But Not Forgotten';"Personals; Poems; News Items andSquibs. The number is an interesting one.m mCHESS AND CHECKER CONTESTThe Richmond and Paris chess andchecker teams will play a series ofchecker games at the Y, M. C. A. inthis city Monday - night. Five selected players from each club willcontest in the series. The visitorswill "be entertained at supper at theY. M. C. A. after the contest by themembers of the Paris Club.The Paris team is in good shapefor the contest, haying been in constant practice for the event. They,are confident the victory vill betheirs Monday nfght. . ltPROJECT TO RESURFACE PROMINENT RESIDENCE STREET.If plans now nelng considered byresidents of Duncan avenue, one ofthe most prominent residencestreets in Paris, are completed, thatstreet will be resurfaced at an earlydate with asphalt, in order to reduceto a minimum the dirt and dust nuisance, which is sure to prevail thissummer.An expert engineer from LexingTton was here Wednesday and submitted an estimate of the probablecost of the work, with a view torhaving the property owners on thatstreet bear their proportionate shareof the cost of reconstruction. Thematter has been left in charge ofMayor January. It is the opinionthat if the work is gotten under wayother streets in the city will take oni like improvement in the same .manner. The material to be used hasbeen recommended on account of itspermanency.1 5!THANKS THE NEWS TOR AID INLIBERTY LOAN SALE.THE NEWS is in receipt of thefollowing letter from Mr. M. H.Laundon, of Cleveland, Ohio, Pub-Vlicity Secretary for the Liberty Loancampaign :"Cleveland, Ohio, April 15, 1918."Ed. THE NEWS, Paris, Ky."Dear Sir I want you to knowthat I, personally, appreciate thesplendid and generous manner inwhich you are handling Liberty.Loan publicity not only local publicity, but that which I have sent ,toyou. There is no doubt that whatyou have done has been of materialassistance in the sale of the ThirdLiberty Loan Bonds."If you have any suggestions tomake I shall be more than glad tohave them."Very Truly Yours,"M. H. LAUNDON,"Publicity Secretary."GREATLY' SURPRISED THAT ED-'ITOR SHOULD HAVE MONEY.In a recent issue of the StanfordInterior Journal, Editor "Saufley hasthe following regarding Editor Alverson, who purchased the Wm. H.Whaley farm near Paris;"News comes that Editor Jesse M.Alverson, of the Georgetown News,has just bought a 330-acre farm inBourbon county for $68,000. This isgood news to the writer, who in hisearlier days in the newspaper business had Mr; Alverson on his pay: oil, and who proved a most efficientand reliable employe. As full of energy as an egg is of meat, with theability to see as deep into the mill-Jstone as the man who picks it, 'and a jhustler in all the word jmeans, we arenot surprised at his success, but wenever dreamed that he was gettingso rich $68,000! Just think of anewspaper man having that muchmoney. Truly th day of miracles!nas returned. N0LEIKATEMPLE TO MAKEPILGRIMAGE.ATHE LEXINGTON RACES.About forty Shinersand the county will join the members of Oleika Temple, of Lexington, in a pilgrimage to be made toCovington on Saturday, May 4. ThoNobles of the Mystic Shrine willlra,ve Lexington on the Blue GrassSpecial over the Cincinnati Southern railway at 7:15 a. m., arrivingat Ludlow at 9:50 a. m., wherespecial street cars will be in waiting to convey them to the MasonicTemple at Fourth and Scott streets,in Covington. Buffett luncheon willbe served at the Temple at 11:00a. m.The big parade will form at 1:00p. m., at the Temple and march tothe Auditorium, led by the Covington Band and Drum Corps of OleikaTemple. All Nobles must be in theparade, as you cannot get into the jAuditorium until the paradingNobles have passed.The Ceremonial Session will begin at 2:00 p. m., and the banquetwill be held at the Masonic Templeat 8:00 p. m. All Nobles of OleikaTemple will be allowed railroadfare on a basis from Lexington toCovington and return. Returningtrains will leave Covington at convenient hours on Sunday, May 5.Despite a rain, which set in dur-from Paris in& iiie morning, and promised tocontinue throughout the day, thosands of people went to the KentuckyAssociation track Tuesday, to witnessthe "sport of the Kings" at theopening day oX the Lexington springmeeting. The crowd was there, withall the familiar accessories thatmake racing one of the greatestpleasures to its devotees. Weber'sBand, of Cincinnati, rendered a fineprogram of classical, patriotic and.popular selections throughout the afternoon, and canie in for a generousshare of applause. This organizationin always certain of a warm welcomein the. Bluegrass region.Twenty-five pari-mutuel machines,aided by a largely augmented number of cashiers, took care of thesportively-inclined, who wanted totry out their luck, and the bettingGIVEN SUSPENDED SENTENCE.Presented before Judge Batterton,in the County, Court, Wednesday, ona charge of forgery, John Morris andDan Moore, two sixteen-year-oldyouths, were given a suspended sentence to the Reform School at Glen-dale.on the various events was brisk during the entire time.Bourbon county was, as usual, wellrepresented by the sport-loving people, who' made the journey in privateconveyances, by rail and by the interurban, glad to be there or getthere in any kind of way.The winners of the opening day'sevents were as follows:First Race Bradley's Choice;Second race Billy Kelly; Thirdrace "Violet Bonnie; Fourth raceOpportunity; Fifth race SewellCombs; Sixth race Exempted; Seventh race Redland.The talent played their favoritesheavily. The best paying bettingpropositions of the day weroBilly Kelly, in the second race, paying 21.30 for straight in the twodollar mutuels. Redland paid $10.20for straight in the seventh race.Wednesday saw another large attendance at the track, and the talent had a. good day. The features ofthe day's meet were the long shotvictory of Bit of Blarney, in the thirdlace, the two-dollar mutuels paying$294.80 for straight, and the deadheat in the fourth race between Diamond and Diversion.The winners were as follows:First race Squealer; second raceHenry Roberts; third race Bit ofBlarney; fourth race Diamond andDiversion (dead heat) ; fifth racePetrovan; sixth race Fern Handley; seventh race Yenghee.W. C. T. U. CONVENTION.The annual convention of the Seventh District W. C. T. U. opened itssessions in Lexington yesterday atFirst Methodist church. The business sessions are presided over byMrs. Julia Gunn, of Lexington. Delegates from Paris, Millersburg, Little Rock, North Middletown andSpears Mills Unions are in attendance. The convention will be In sessionagain to-day. Bourbon county delegates will participate in the programas follows: "The Story of TheYear" Mrs. Gertrude Henry, president North Middletown; IVIrs. Wm.Myall, president Paris; Mrs. W. T.Mitchell, president Spears Mill; Mrs.J. D. Redd, president Millersburg;Mrs. Edsell Clark, president LittleRock. The praise service at theopening of the afternoon session willbe led by Mrs. J. D. Redd, of Millersburg. fe Hi IbiHundreds of Chinese perished recently at a race track when thostands collapsed. This will convincemany people that racing is wrong.Now is the Time5To Buy Your NewSpring Footwear IOur stocks are corned olete in every detail,VJyi' an the latest creationsat prices that only ourwonderful buying facilities can offer.ATI"T cKSiasiim.i8&Every Day of the Past Week Has Witnessed the New Arrivals ofHandsome Spring ShoesOxfords and Pumpsand now we present the largest and most beautiful selection of correct footwearever offered at unusually low prices.Ladies' Pearl Gray Boots and &A QQand Oxfords v ;. . .t.wLadies' Mahogany Tan Boots d r aand Oxfords v 1011Ladies' Black English Boots and - ' M qqOxfords - .' qM&Men's Dark Tan English Shoes and tC A AOxfords puvvMen's Tan or Black,- Shoes and tA A A. Oxfords $4.UUMen's Gun Metal But-. lace..4Jf-$Z"9, "'Vt-.;'w 3il'iil '' II IA iI 'a All Iuiy iAll the Leading Colors in the Latest StylishLADIES' HIGH GRADE BOOTS,OXFORDS0PUMPSAt Prices You Can't Possibly Duplicate Elsewhere.DANParis' Greatest Shoe StoreCOHENWhere Beauty and Economy ReignSVJ:. vi$K-r: ?JLl"