Jt .JV ji!-y'""r 'NEWSIkM-rryVKPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXVII-PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, AUGUST 27, 1918THEBOURBONrcr&fiEraM''INTWENTY YOUNG MEN REGISTERFOR DRAFT SERVICETwenty young men of Paris andBourbon county, who have becometwenty-one years old since June 5,of this year, registered for militaryservice with, the Bourbon CountyDraft Board, Saturday. Of this number thirteen were white and ninenegroes.The registration with the Boardwas just a trifle short of what hadbeen expected. The shortage was accounted for, however, from the factthat a large number of young menfrom the city and county had volunteered and had gone intothe militaryservice before the registration.Upon registering the young menwere given questionnaires which theyare to fill out and return withinseven days from Saturday. This willsave the delay caused by mailing outthe questionnaires, and the new registrants will soon be examined andmade ready for entering the service.The names and addresses of theregistrants of Saturday are as follows: White Howard Ritchie, Shawhan;"William B. Johnson, Paris, Route 6;Lonnie Graves, Paris, Route 8; OscarOtis Gibbins, Paris, James Paulconer,Paris, Route 2; Russell Calvin Rose,Paris, Route 1; Lee Edwards, NorthMiddletown, Wm. B. Lanter, Paris,Route 6 ; Leonard H. Tune, "Paris,Route 1 ; George Ryman Insko, Paris,Robert Edwards, Cynthiana, Route7; Clifford Carter, Paris, Route 2;Lyman Charles Taylor, Paris.Colored Lyman Fauntleroy, Paris,Route 7; William Robison, Paris,Roger Hutsell, Paris, Route 7; RogerHall, Paris, Route 1; James HenryMorton, Pazsf Route 8; George Berry, Georgetown, Route 1; OliverPierce Porter, Paris, George Sykes,Paris, Route 7, and Artemus M. Carter, Paris.The boys who registered Saturdayhad been warned previously that failure to do so would mean forfeitureof possible deferred classifications.The only exception was that of boysof the Jewish faith, or others, who,because of religious scruples, opposedregistration, on Saturday were deferred until yesterday.How soon the new registrants willhe called into the service will varyaccording to the numerical strengthsof Class A-l. The numbers will beassigned the new registrants by thedraft officials, and by reference to themaster list of the last lottery thenew men may learn the order of theircall. -te to toHOME SERVICEvSECnOH TO OPENOFFICE TTEKFi TO-PAY,The Home Service Section of theBourbon County Red Cross Chapterannounces that it will open an officein the Bourbon-Agricultural BankBuilding, to-day (Tuesday), August27 th.From this date it will be openTuesday, Thursday and Saturday ofeach week from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.The Department of Home Serviceis the government's agency for keeping in touch with and administering to families of soldiers and sailorsin the service of our country.There are many problems constantly arising incident to the absence of the men of the household,and it is the purpose of this department to relieve the men at the frontof all anxiety as to their families athome.Fathers, mothers, wives, sisters and"brothers of men in any branch ofarmy or navy of the United States orof our allies are urged to come tothe Red Cross with their troubles.Bo not write the men in the serviceabout them and cause them worryover difficulties they are powerlessto relieve.Your troubles will be told theHome Service in private, and yourconfidence scrupulously observed.Let the Red Cross do your worrying for you.pm iiR m MRUNAWAY TEAM CRASHES INTOAUTO; TWO HURT.When two negroes, Ray Baker andPhil Bowen, were motoring to Lexington, Saturday night, in a car belonging to Thos. Hawkins, of Paris,they saw a two-horse farm wagon inwhich three white men were comingdown the pike. The horses wererunning and the wasron was swayingfrom one side of the pike to the iother. The two men puiiea tneirmachine to the extreme right of thepike and stopped.The oncoming wagon and horsesplunged head-on into the machine,throwing the three men in the wagonout on the ground. The automobilewas demolished, and both of the occupants badly hurt. Ray Baker, whowas driving, was taken to a Lexington hospital, and Bowen was broughtto his home in Paris. The three menin the wagon left the scene of theaccident without their names beingascertained. One of the horses waskilled by the impact of the machineand the fleeing horses and wagon,and the other was so badly injuredthat it had to be killed.COMING ATTRACTIONS AT THEPARES GRAND AND ALAMOToday, Tuesday, August 27 Thegreatest picture in filmdom, "TheKaiser, the Beast of Berlin;" Fifthepisode of "A Fight For Millions,'featuring William Duncan and EdithJohnson.To-morrow, Wednesday, August9 Tt, -Dtly-fnytt TI " A Mile AMinute Kendall ;"Vlso Luke Comedy jana Pathe News feature.Thursday, August 29 Alice Brady"Tiio nniMi of Rosetta:" Mutt,inand Jeff .Comedy, "The Hotel DeJMutt," andTPathe News Feature.LOCAL DRAFT BOARD PREPARING FOR NEW REGISTRATIONThe local draft board is makingpreparations for registering 2,200men in Bourbon county under theprovisions of the administration'smanpower bill extending draf t agesfrom 18 to 45 years, .it was statedyesterday by County OUrt PearcePaton, .a member of the board. Theregistration-will probably be held onSeptember 5.Voting booths will be erected ineach precinct of the city and countyfor the registration of the men.flames of the registrars who will acton the registration day have alreadybeen sent in to Major Henry F.Rhodes, chief of the selective serviceof the State, and everything is "allset" for the registration."Local board members yesterdaywere unable to estimate the numberthat will be placed in Class 1 andwould be qualified for service in thenew registration. Major Rhodes,however, estimates about 70 per cent,of the registrants will be eligible forarmy service, which means between75,000 and 80,000 will go from Kentucky. Of the twenty-two "21-ers" whoregistered on Saturday, Mr. Paton estimates eighteen will be qualified forservice and that they will be calledeither the latter part of Septemberor the first of October.A communication rpceived fromMajor Rhodes asks for volunteerstenographers who have had courtexperience to be assigned to the officeof tre Provost Marshal General,where they will report court martial cases and the like. The localboard is instructed to take especialcare to only select those who are qualified. The list of the men volunteering will be sent in to Major Rhodeson August 31.Seven applications for furloughshave been filled out by the local boardfor farmers who desire to come hometo assist with the crops. Those whohave the furloughs allowed willprobably be released from service forthirty days.IMPORTANT NOTICE TORONS OF THE NEWS.PAT-The War Industries Board, whoseorder concerning the reduction inthe use of print paper by the dailypapers, was recently issued, has extended that order so as to include theweekly papers. This will become effective on September 15. After thatdate the publishers of weekly andsemi-weekly papers must reduce theamount of paper used fully fif teen -percent, each month as compared withthe amount used in the same monthof 1917. The publishers will be required to make a sworn statementof the amount of paper used by them.In compliance with this order THENEWS will be compelled to discontinue the sending or giving out ofall free copies of the paper, and onand after Sept. 1, our list will beweeded out so as to comply with theprovisions of the War Board's orders.The size and the price of the paperwill remain the same, but copies willbe sent only to those who are paidin advance. Under the provisions ofthe order we will be compelled tolose some of our most highly valuedexchanges, and to discontinue manycopies of the paper, much against ourwill, that have been going to soldiersand sailors in the army and navy.The order simply must be obeyed,and there's no getting around it. .All subscribers over one year inarrears for the paper will have to bediscontinued on Sept. 1. It is notthat we doubt the financial standingof the subscribers, but it is absolutelynecessary that we keep the list paidup in or.der to fully comply with allthe requirements of the War Board'sorder. It is not the desire of themanagement of THE NEWS to send asingle copy of the paper toNanyonewho does not want it. If you are receiving THE NEWS and do not expect to pay for it you will do" us afavor by refusing to accept it fromthe postoffice of the carriers.HAVE YOUR HOUSE WIRED MATERIAL ADVANCING DAILYPlace you order NOW for havingyour house wired for electricity.Material is advancing daily. We havemen ready to do the labor now andmay not have later. House-cleaningtime for fall will soon be on, toohave the work done before that time.The days will be getting shorter soonand you will want light in the earlyevening. There is every reason forpreparing for electric conveniencesNOW. You may need electric current for various purposes this winter. Let us figure with you NOW.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.,(23-2t) (Incorporated.to to toPARIS PEOPLE BRUISED IN AUTOMOBILE ACCIDENT.Mr. Woodford Buckner and Mrs.Katherine Davis Craig, both of Paris,received slight bruises when the automobile in which they were returning from an afternoon at Boonesboro,struck the girder of a bridge head-on.The rear end of the car skiddedsquarely across the road, blockingtraffic for some time. The accidentoccurred several miles from Winchester, between that city and theBoonesboro bathing beach.The car was not badly damaged,though it was so caught betw.een thegirders .of the bridge that it was necessary to take off the wheels in order to get it out, Mr. Buckner and.Mrs. Craig were brought to Paris inanother" machine by a- Winchesterchauffeur. - t , V . a .ENROLLMENT OF NON-ESSENTIALTO ESSENTIAL WARWORK.The Department of Labor at Washington has directed the Public Service, Reserve Board under the Federal Service Board to proceed withthe enrollment of non-eseentials toessentials in war work.Farming being one of the greatestwar essentials, this work is of vitalimportance to the farmers, and theyshould give their hearty co-operationto the work. Farming is the onlyabsolute war essential of which thepeople of Bourbon county will haveto deal." In a few days there will beenrolling agents appointed in eachprecinct of the county. All patrioticpeople engaged in non-essential workwill be asked to enroll for someessential work for the Governmentduring the war.Dr. Frank L. McVey, of the StateUniversity at Lexington, is Directorof the Public Service Reserve Boardfor Kentucky, and has appointed F.P. Lowry, of Paris, as Chairman ofBoard for Bourbon County, who willfurnish any information desired.The following are the industrieswhich the District Board, the first omake an announcement, has listedas non-essential:Automobile industry accessories,drivers of pleasure cars, cleaning, repairing and delivery of same, sightseeing cars, auto trucks, other thanthose hauling fuel or doing Government work, teaming other than' delivery of products for war work, bathand barber shop attendants, bowling,billiard and pool rooms, bottlers,cigars and tobacco, cleaners anddyers, clothing, confections anddelicatessen establishments, buildersand contractors not engaged in erecting structures for war work, dancingacademies, mercantile stores, florists,fruit stands, junk1 dealers, livery andsales stables, pawnbrokers, peanutvenders, shoe-shining shops, windowcleaners, soft drink establishments,soda fountain supplies.TOUCHING TIMES AT THE ALAMOTHEATRE."Touching" scenes are being enacted at The Alamo Theatre, thepretty little movie house at the corner of Main and Fifth streets. Notthat touching scenes are a rariiythere, but this time the play is beiagput on by painters and decorators.The interior and extorter are bothbeing repainted redecorated, and thewhole place given a thorough overhauling. to to to 'PAIGE AND BRISCOE AUTOMOBILES. Special features on the Paige Car,self-giindlng valve and transmissionlock, thief-proof.Features of the Briscoe are thesmall upkeep and economy In gasoline. Ask for demonstration,(tf) F. P. WHITE, Agent.Hot Weather?Why, Certainly!iBut there it no needpurchase light weight comfortable clothing from"ut.Palm Beach CoatCool Cloththat will certainly keep you$13.50 to $25.00Men's Summer Underwear in union suits and J!two-piece garments, extra thin, long lengths and kneelengths, Silk, Pongee, Linen and Nainsooks.Straw Hats and Panamas, $2.00 to $10.00.Low Cut Oxford Shoes; tans and blacks, Nettleton and J. P. Smith nukes, $7.00 to $12.00.Do not delay. Buy tofortable.MITCHELL BLAKEMORENettleton ShoesDr. Reed's Cushion Sole ShoesCOLORED DRAFTEES LEFT SATURDAY FOR CAMP TAYLORIn charge of Capt. Arthur Brown,one of their number, twenty-threecolored men from Bourbon county,who had been called to the colors,entrained at the Tenth street passenger station of the Louisville &Nashville, in this city, Saturdaymorning, for Camp Zachary Taylor,where they were inducted into theservice of their country.The men met at the office of theBourbon County Draft Board, at thecourt house, pursuant to instructions, at five o'clock, Friday afternoon. They were given their finalinstructions, after which patrioticaddresses were made by David Miller and Prof. R. G. Grant, prominentcolored men of this city. Judge Chas.A. McMillan, Chairman of the DraftBoard, presided at the meeting. In ashort address to the draftees he toldthem that the new selects from thiscounty who had gone to Camp Taylor had more non-commissioned officers than any other contingent sentto the camp from any other part ofthe State.At the colored M. E. Church, onHigh street, Friday night, the menwere guests of the people of Parisat a banquet. A patriotic programwas rendered in their honor, addresses made by prominent men oftheir race, and they were served withrefreshments.They assembled in front of thecourt house at seven o'clock Saturdaymorning, where they were formed inline of march, and, headed by theLiberty Drum Corps, marchedto the L. & N. station, where theyentrained at 7:45 for Camp Taylor.Before their departure they were liberally supplied with cigars, cigarettes and tobacco, the gifts of thepeople of the county. Those who leftSaturday to be made into soldiers inUncle Sam's army were:970 (1210) Jim Thompson.1244 (997) Walter Mack.1476 (448) Arthur Brown, Captain.73 (68) Henry Hawkins, (volunteer.) 566 (447) Chas. W. Berry, (volunteer.) 7 (783) John 'Hutsell.417N(1232) John Norman Christopher. 486 (544) Ben Hillman.870 (1251) Charlie Happy.1403 (651) Frank "BreckenridgeThomas.1456 Q019) Cal Firman.1481 (1089) John Ellis.1503 (1088) Charley Calloway.11520 (813) Joe Scott.d (7b; ataniey iu. Bowies.9 (4) Russell Allen.16 (72) Willie Baker.21 (41) Wilson Macon.30 (48) Rowland Harris.1244 (997) Stephen Beatty.40 (81) Jerry Jackson.47 (58) Arline Thomas.54 (8) George Washington.59 (40) Willis Cason.60 (38) John Right Scott.to suffer when you can ::and Trousersand Mohair Suits !IIcool these hot, sultry days ::- day and be cool and com- jiijX1I'IN THE SERVICE OF 'mum.N COUNTRY.It takes sand to be a soldier,Against the Huns to make a stand;But though in other things there isa shortageThank God, Kentuckians haven'trun out of sand.Lieut. Fielding Rogers has returned to his duties at Camp Sherman,near Chillecothe, Ohio, after a visitto his parents, Mr. and Mrs. WarrenRogers, near Cane Ridge, in thiscounty.It is now First Lieutenant NathanBayless, Jr.; in Uncle Sam's service,if you please. The promotion wasawarded to this young Parisian lastweek. Lieut. Bayless is stationed atCamp Lee, in Virginia, as a memberof the Veterinary Corps.Lieutenant Lawrence Lavin, who isstationed at Camp Gordon, in Georgia, is spending a furlough vacationwith his parents, Mr. and Mrs. M. J.regulation bayonet instructor at theCamp. He is in excellent health, andmakes one of the finest-lookingsoldiers in Uncle Sam's service.Arthur Zorne, of Paris, a memberof Co. G., Seventeenth U. S. Infantry, stationed in the service atCamp Meade, Md., writes to friendsin this city, that he is in fine health,and well satisfied with the manner inwhich Uncle Sam is treating him.He says he hopes to get a furloughvery soon, in order to make a visitto Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Thos. F. Brannon, ofLexington, former Parisian, have received a letter from their son, Leo C.Brannon. The letter of his arrivalat Hoboken, N. J., after an overseas trip from France. This was hisinitial overseas trip across, he having been in training at the GreatLakes Naval Training Station sinceJune. He is now in the transportservice..Mr. George Fishback, son, of Mrs.Ada Fishback, of Paris, and a brother of Mrs. Clyde Huffman, has beentransferred from the U. S. Technological Institute at Cambridge, Mass., tothe aerial field service at Akron, O.,as a member of the United Statesaval Aviation Corps. Some timetime ago he was in the- service atAkron, and has now been sent backthere for special service. - --A telegram was received here Saturday by relatives stating that FirstLieut. Milton J. Stern, of Paris, hadundergone a successful operation atthe Base Hospital, at Camp wadsworth, Spartansburg, S. C, where heis station. Lieut. Stern is a" memberof the Medical Corps, detailed onspecial duty. The telegramdid notstate the nature of the operation,but it was inferred that it was of aminor nature.Six hundred limited service menwill be sent to Camp Wheeler, nearMacon, Georgia, between September3-6. Of this number Bourboncounty will furnish three. Otherquotas are as follows: Bath, 1;Clark, 4;. Fayette, 4; Franklin, 5;Harrison, 4; Mason, 4; Woodford, 1;Lexington, 23. A call for 700 drafted, men to go to Camp Taylor on September 3 has also been made. Bourbon does not figure in this- call.Week by week the roll of Bourbon county boys who have crossedor are crossing the Atlantic to battle in France, and perhaps Germany,with the armies of freedom, growslarger. It is the inevitable result ofwar conditions. Let us at home whoare to profit by their sacrifices "keepthe home fires bunning," and erectin our own hearts an altar whereonwill be always placed a silent appeal to the Highest Power to givethem success, honor and glory!After an interval of silence the"Bourbon County Misfits," so styledby Ireland "Bit" Davis, one of theirnumber, have been heard from. Itwas the presumption that they were"sawing wood and saying nothing."THE NEWS has received a post cardfrom Wm. Mitchell, at Seattle, Washington, as follows: "We have juststarted for the far Northwest to-to-night(August 18). Arrived hereat 8:30 p. m. Leave on the boat at11:00 p. m. for the woods acrossPuget Sound."Sunday's LexingtonLeader has thefollowing complimentary referenceto one of the staff, Mr. Wayne Cottingham, a Paris boy, who will goin the service to-morrow:"The Leader is this week losingthree more of its 'boys' to UncleSam's mighty army Martin Quinn,Isola Dunn and Wayne Cottingham.They the listed here not in the orderin "which they occupy places in theaffections of the shop, but accordingto seniority of service. These fellowshave made good with The Leader andwnerever they are sent to serve, thehonor of their country will be in safekeeping. If they get to the first linetrenches, there will be a few lessHuns left to Dut flowers on the craveof autocracy. The Leader gives theseboys, up cheerfully but they will bemissed tremendously. They" have beenuseful units in what we have believed was potentially the finest newspaper working organization In Kentucky and e&ck has contributed, his(Cotfmwd oe-Par f .).HOUSE PASSES THE 18-45 JCAJTP0WE&7BIEL., The new Manpower Bill exteaiing the selective draft to., all men between the ages of 18 and '45 yswas passed by the House, Saturday -nightwith only minor changes imthe original draft of the War Department. On the first call only two negative votes were cast by Representative London; of New York the socialist, and Representative Gordon, ofOhio, Democrat. The final rote wmannounced as 326 to 2.The final vote was preceded bythree days' debate, during which thachief contention was anT axnwtfmentto defer the calling" of youth from18 to 20 years until older men hadbeen summoned. A final effort waamade by Chairman Dent to place theighteen-year-old boys la-a deferredclass, but a motion to recommit thebill to the Military Affairs Commit-tee with instructions to incorporatethat amendment was lost 191 to 14.The bill now goes to "the Senate,where leaders predict its passageearly next week. The Senate planato substitute the House bill for thmeasure favorably reported by theMilitary Committee of that oody andthus expediate its final enactmemt.Congressional leaders hope to sendthe measure to the President by thelatter part of this week.to W toHAIL INSURANCE.Insure your tobacc againsthall with Thomas, Waotffard &Bryan. Prompt paying companies. (june25-tf)POLICE JUDGE CALLED EROXSLUMBERS TO PASS ON CASESIt was a case of "Hurry up,please," Friday night when HermanStephens, of Lexington, called PoliceJudge Martin from his slumbers im.order to pass on a case wherein hwas the defendant. Stephens, whowas in charge of a Lexington orchestra playing for a dance being givemin the Masonic Temple, was late iaarriving, and was speeding' dowmMain street in his automobile, twhemhe was placed under arrest by Patrolman Lusk on a charge of exceeding the speed limit. Judge Martin tumbled out of bed, heard thecase, passed judgment, fined Stephens $22.50, and returned to his interrupted slumbers. Stephens paidthe fine and departed. "C. E. McCormick, also of 'Lexington, arrested, at 3; 30 Saturday morming by Patrolman Lusk, and broughtbefore Judge Martin, on the samecharge, entered a plea of guilty, landwas assessed a fine of $22.50, underthe same circumstances, the trialJudge again beins roused from hissleep to hear the case. Judge Martin also assessed a fine of $22.50against E. E. Landis, driver for theMerchants' Transfer Delivery Service, for careless driving. The warrant was sworn to by "W. H. Whaler,the truck driven by Landis struckinga mule colt belonging to Wnaley,breaking its leg. Whaley will sue forthe value of the colt.to to to fv "vB0UKB0N WHITE TEACHEESrINSTITUTE JC0HDAY.The Bourbon County White Teachers' Institute will convene at thecourt house, in this city, on Monday,Sept. 2. The Institute will be conducted by Prof. j. C. Lewis, of Weleyan College, who will be Instructorin advanced work, and Mis Matti0'Neill,vof Cattlettsburg, in the primary. Two speakers other than theseinstructors,, are expected to be present some time during the meetiag.All the schools, both white and colored, will begin on Sept. 9: It iaearnestly hoped that every child -willbe ready to start and not be forcedto go to school. As most all knowthe new school law forces the parents or guardians to send the childrento school every day, or be fined. Thislaw compels the teacher to report totfie trustee, or, as it will be, in thecounty, to the Truant Officer. TheTruant Officer then reports to thenearest Court having jurisdiction.This Court then issues a warrantagainst the parent or guardian, andthen proceeds to try the case the sameas other criminal cases are tried.Any person or person failing to comply with all or any part of the law-shall be fined not less than $5.00 normore than $20.00 for each offense.to to toCAEIUER ROUTES IN CITY TO BEREARRANGED.Citizens of Paris who desire andexpect to have their mail deliveredat homes or residences in the futurewill be required to nave such placesof delivery numbered according torequirements of the Postofflc Department. A few days ago accompanied bj apostoffice inspector from the Cimcin--natidistrict. Postmaster J. WalterPayne made a trip of inspection overthe territory in the city covered fcythe city carriers. They made note ofthe UnniimbprArl Tirmacwi nA -nHII auW.mit a report to the authorities. Theinspector notified Postmaster Payaethat street sis:n3 must be nlaced oall street corners in the city, and allhouses numbered before the carrierservice is rearranged. This Is a;vervital matter, and one of the moatrigid requirements of the PostoateDepartment. It has bee urgL timeand again as a necessity for tattablisaaitmt of a thorougm sasrfeeservice im ths city. ,!THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.9AU TWO"pTuesday, august- 27, 1S18E BOURBON NEWS1vasteblished 188136 Years of Continuous PublicationBablished Every Tuesday and Friday&er Year.. $2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Adavance.WIFT CHAMP, EdiUr and Owner,Amy erroneous reflection upon the4karcft6iY standing or reputation ofay person, firm or corporation whichmj appear in the columns of THEOURBON NEWS will be gladly cor' rioted if brought to attention of theiitor.ADVERTISING RATESBspJay Advertisements, $1.00 peri&c ,foc first, time- 50 cents per inchrcfe. subsequent insertion.. ,4Sjeding Notices, 10 cents per line--Sskcti 'iseue; .readingr notices in black?Cypeb20 cents per line, each Issue., Cards , of thanks, calls on candljjftes,' obituaries and resolutions, andvamilar, matter, 10 cents per line.Sp4cll, rates for large advertise'-4mens and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reserved--4to decline any advertisement or otherr;&MftSr for publication.Announcements for political officesvmwt invariably be accompanied bytf'Sie ;cash. .- - This paper has enlisted'friththe government in thexause of America for the? jperiod of thewarEDITORIAL MUSINGS..How Our Boys Leave."Have you noticed how the Bour-Tabon county boys who leave Paris for'-the training camps take their de-parture as a matter of course? Very. "Sew of them seem to be greatly con-oerried over it. The ordinary man"who leaves takes his departure in aznitter-of-fact way, and attributes itto-the god of Things-as-they-are, but2)ut there are a few who leave morev&sa. tkeir jobs and their petty plans""tphich Genters in themselves.Many. have gone and many moreare still to go before the fate of democracy and civilization shall be sett&eti: by the result of the terriblertiwKld-war now being waged in Eu-'-xo$e.-Said there is something very1 -fcie.!tbaut the quiet way in which.-bes6,fcpys have taken to their un"Tfleasant task. There has not beenany,, enthusiasm. That was right. A' -StfanlikeT'this does not ask for words,TmttffoTSilent'Mee'ds. Our boys seemJto understand it. 'They are going "and"Snahy ofrthem will never come back.35ut that is'-the fate of war and thetoll of war, and to be expected." r1Their pleasant life of mediocre en-Heavor has come to an end. To befeeure, we have riever looked at themmthel'Ijgkt of -heroes. TThey were!' lst'TaAhT likable Bourbon county.i,'S6ys';Theirr.Jbatiook,-,iipon life wasvrabrLplteltyvitselffv'Many of them werejtoplrrttt'tKeifkrms: -Many were 'from thet&j&lfrbYs andffleesTIt was -just grad-i-ttobh tfndhen a'frbTltenr after a"'Crirears, another job a little higherkp. Xterr perhaps -& home of theiron,nd some nice .girPfor a wife,'XxaSl diaby, undimanyothernhinssMUMfe constitute some small "-portions!afStheenjoyments of life.To most of them, however, lifeTmeant a cheerful gift to be enjoyedvas vthe faithful -days came -along'There was no searching for hidden'motives or for an ulterior. purpose.' 4hcy' "were ruled- by the admirable3Divinity orl.Things-as"-they-are. They' .accepted whatever came with a smile,just as they "will" meet 'death overhere With a -smile and brave front,- '-iand they did not? ask questions. And,,jtqow, without a word of warning,they'fcave been asked to face the.in--jyisible mystery. There was no com-Iplaintr They packed their grips, said-their good-byes with a brave de-om.eanor, though it cannot be deniedthere was many a stolen glance to-J- Tward the old home as they left it.They went, and others will come af-"T; lliem- Not only'tl16 mothers, the. lataers, the sisters, Drothers andy sweethearts send up their daily pray-" rs for them, but every man, woman,tf-andeven children follow them with.ttieir prayers.-Wage Increase Decisions. ,"The National War Labor Board, of.r which former President William H.Taft and Frank P. Walsh are jointchairmen, rendered decisions one dayfecently giving substantial increases?-n. .wages to 50,000 employees en -jt gaged" in twenty-two street railwayOteterprises. The percentage of in-crSase in the awards ran from 35 to, t ;48 W cent, in the' larger ',cities, in--finding t ChksagopDetroit, Newark'v "''girtp ?ani Bqchifter.f In 'New Orleans thejjuSareaie$?isS0 per ceatj? and inixaiesDurg, iminois, it xeauu oa ycent. A flat wage of 50cerits anfhourwas fixed in the Chicago case, andovertime work was arranged at timeand a half pay, thus placing the employees on the same plane as skilledmechanics in Government industries.Paul M. Warburg, of the FederalReserve Board, in a recent addressspoke of the "drastic shrinkages"that have occurred in public utilityinvestments, and he expresses somealarm at the outcome. The recordsshow that four companies with outstanding securities aggregating$250,000,000 have gone into thehands of receivers this year. Theutilities are paying increases of from90 to 150 per cent for fuel, from 35to 300 per cent, for materials, andfrom 40 to 50 per cent, for labor.It is easy for the average mind tofigure out why these increases inwages and other items of operationoccur, but it Is a little slower, butjust as inevitable a process to figureout, that the five cent carfare willhave to make the same kind of anexit that has been made by the fivecent loaf of bread and the five-centquart of milk.Roosevelt On Our IndustriesOnce in awhile Colonel Roosevelttalks about things in a way that allagree with, whether they are partisans or foes of the ex-President. Mr.Roosevelt has recently said that "inour industrial activities, alike offarmer, wage worker and businessman, our aim should be co-operationamong ourselves and control by theState to a degree "necessary, in orderto prevent tyrrany and yet encourage and reward individual excellence." Colonel Roosevelt says that"government ownership should beavoided wherever possible; ourpurpose shold be to steer betweenthe anarchy of 1 unregulated individ-ualism and the deadening formalismand inefficiency of widespread Stateownership. From time to time it hasbeen found necessary for the Government to own and run certain business, the uninterrupted prosecutionof which is necessary to the publicwelfare and which cannot be adequately controlled in any other way,but normally this is as inadvisableas to permit such business concernsto be free from all Government supersvision and direction."Normally, and save where the necessity is clearly shown, our aimshould be to encourage and stimulateprivate action and co-operation subject to Governmental control.Just Suppose, Now!Suppose no great war had happened. Suppose a President of the United States had given Cabinet portfolios to the Chairman of the Bethlehem Steel Company, a member of thefirm of J. P. Morgan & Co., and thePresident of the Anaconda Copper'Company.You need not be extraordinarilyendowed with imagination to supposea roar of amazement and indignation. Only two or three years agothe Senate sternly refused to confirmPresident Wilson's appointment tothe "Federal Reserve Board of anotherwise reputable and competent'., man who was a Director of a big industrial corporation; and it had thehardest kind4 of work to persuade itself that a man with' Wall Street-banking experience might be as serviceable on a banking, board as acduntry editor.A valuable contemporary tells usthat democracy instinctively and in-veterately distrusts 'competence andRiiofifiss. -Thai, aoiiTtds 'htfrdlv ron -able, yet our contemporary can pointto a mass of evidence. We wonderwhether 'the mass will increase or diminish after the war.Conserving Paper.If we are to have conservation ofpaper supplies in the United Statesas a measure of assistance to the Govenment, patriotic Americans will notcomplain. This is evident from thereadiness with which newspapershave themselves advanced plans forconservation and are a'ceepting Government orders for reduction of paper consumption, elimination ofwaste, etc.But conservation of naner tin he ef-fective and fairly managed must goj Deyond restrictive regulations fornewspapers or the prohibition of theestablishment of now dailies orweeklies for the period of the war.Some check should be placed also onmagazines and other periodicals ofTnivnt'hlv nr SttTni-mrvn'hlTj' i9 TkaTivnblmoilthly appearance. A limitshould be imt on the ammmt nf trnnAwhite paper they can devote to read-(ing matter and the advertising. Much' could be saved this ay without re-' ally hurting any one in the least.j But the very beginning of conser-, ration ought to be practiced by theGovernment. Tons of paper are be-- lng wasted urider Government sanc--tion im -propagandist work, in uselessdepartment' otfrourirfgs, in "slush-I??rfrom the BrafeauKof ?PuWTc Information. ThreTis Iwher tkeaftrst cutshould cqme.Bfth common Jhonejtyand good exampfeideman'dit.Easier Than Vacationing.It is much easier to die than totake a vacation. A man who is summoned to his last long voyage mayset his house in order in an hour;a few words, written or dictated,will dispose of his possessions, andhis heirs will gladly attend to thedetails. This done, he may fold hishands on his chest and depart thisvexatious life in peace.It is quite another matter to prepare for a few weeks' stay from town.There are bills to be paid; the iceman, and the milkman, and the laundryman must be chalked off, and thedaily paper restrained from litteringthe doorstep. There is hair to be cut,and teeth to be tinkered, and so on.In short, it takes days to stop the ma-Ichinery of living ior a iortnignt.and days to start it going again.But, my dear, one must have achange.1 fen ps.VOLUNTEERS WANTED TOR RAILWAY CORPS SERVICEThe following is issued by the Department of Labor, U. S. Public Service Reserve, Lexington, Kentucky:"List of professions and trades forwhich induction is wanted at onceinto railway men into the EngineerCorps, as published by the Department of Labor, August 5, 1918."Superintendents; division engineers and engineers, M. of W. ; fieldengineers draughtsmen of substantialrailwav experience : supervisors :roadmasters; section foremen;bridge foremen; switchmen; tracKmen : trainmasters : assistanttrain-masters: train dispatchers; yard masters; assistant yard masters; yardforemen; yard clerks; conductors;brakemen; flagmen; road foremen ofengines; assistant road foremen ofengines; traveling enginemen; firemen instructors; enginemen; firemen; master mechanics; roundhouseforemen."Railroad boiler shop foremen;railroad blacksmith shop foremen;railroad machine shop foremen; carshop foremen; railroad foremenelectricians ; 'railroad constructionforemen; railroad gang leaders; engine dispatchers; machinists, roundhouse, locomotive and car shop; machinists helpers, roundhouse, locomotive and car shop: machine hands,roundhouse, locomotive and car shop ;boiler makers, roundhouse, and locomotive shop; boilermakers helpers,roundhouse . and locomotive shop,blacksmiths locomotive shop and carshop; blacksmith helpers, locomotiveshop and car shop; air brake repairmen car repairmen; carinspectors; tendor repairmen;hostlers; boiler washers; staybolt inspectors ; engine housemen y locomotive inspectors; flue repairmen;steam shovel runners; steam shovelcranemen; boiler inspectors, locomotive boilers; stenographers having hadrailway experience ; railway statisticalclerks; railway report clerks; railway file clerks; ticket agents."Mr. F. P. Lowry, of Paris, is County Chairman of Reserve Labor Committee and will give any informationdesired.fts HfrlONE DOLLAR FOR HAIRCUT;FIFTY CENTS FOR SHAVE!One dollar for a hair cut and 50cents for a shave -will be the standard price if barbers accept the suggestion of the Barber Supply Dealers Association, a national organization which held its annual meetingin Chicago. A statement made public in relation to the suggested advance in rates said: "Hair-cuttinghas always, been dphe..at -too. cheap aprice, and most-of our&'people feelthat this is one hranchbf the workthat should be paid for at a decent,respectable rate."The price of hair cuts in Newark,Ohio, will be 50 centsr after September 1, while shaves "will fce 20 cents.1Tlie - - local barDers'' union decided- toraise the pricejrclaiming it was necessary to keep barbers from leavingto accept employment elsewhere athigher wages.MICKIE SAYSNOU MU9TNT THNKWERE CARELESS JEST BECUZNOU FND A -MPOGRfcPUCKLERROR IN THE PMER ONCE, IN AWHILE. NW OOSH.WfWTVAE BILLIONS OF CHANCES-fttEf S -T GAT T WNGA VNROHOAITS A'VJOHOe. V4t DON?TUAN M41 DOlFood AdMHurtrationGuide toThrough courtesy of the Bourbon county papers the Food Administration will each week publish a price list of the most important andnecessary foodstuffs. These prices are absolutely fair, being based onthe percentage recommended by the Government and any and all violations should be promptly reported to the County Food Administrator:CONSUMER PAYSWheat Flour, retailer pays 75c per 12 lb sack. .80c to 83c per 12 lb. sackor 7c in bulkRye Flour, retailer pays 8 to 8 l-3c lb 9c to 9c lb.Corn Flour, retailer pays 6 to 6c lb 7,c to 8c lb.Corn Meal, retailer pays 5c to 5c lb 7 to 7c lb.Barley Flour, retailer pays 6c to 7c lb 8 1-3 to 9c lb.Rice Flour, retailer pays 11 to 12c lb liU to f15c lb.Oat Meal, dealer pays 16 2-3c per 2 lb, package 21c toc packageRolled Oats, dealer pays 10 per 20 oz package 13c to 14c packagbRice (Fancy Head) retailer pays llc to 12c lb 15c to 16c lbRice (1 lb. package), retailer pays 12 c per ,1b 15c to 16 2-3 lbGranulated. Sugar, retailer pays 8.13 f.o.b. Paris 94c to 9c lbLard (bulk), retailer pays 29c lbEvaporated Milk (small) retailer pays 5c to 5c 6oto 7c canEvaporated milk (large), retailer pays lie to'll&c can.. 14c to 15c canCanned Corn (standard), retailer pays 12c to 13c can. .17 to 19ct5anCanned Tomatoes, retailer pays 19c to 20c can 27c. to 29c canCanned Salmon (pink) retailer pays 19c to 20c can 27c to 29c"canCanned Salmon (red), retailer pays 25c to 26c can.... 35c to 38c canCorn Syrup, retailer pays 70c to 71c gal 90c to 95cr gal.Cheese, retailer pays 29c lb ' 40c per lb.Low prices refer to cash and carry system; high prices refer tocredit and delivery system. The greater cost of the credit and deliverysystem justifies the greater profit.Merchants are still governed by the fifty-fifty plan: No person isallowed to buy from the merchant more than six pounds of flour permonth per each member of the family and this' amount must always besold with an equal amount of substitutes.Every one is urged to practice the greatest economy in the use ofsugar. No family is allowed over 2 pounds per month per each memberof the household. " No family will be allowed in the aggregate more than25 pounds for home canning purposes.Please report all violations of the Food Administration rules.L. D. MITCHELL,Bourbon County Food Administrator.NEW DRAFT TO AiFPECT 250,000KENTUCKLANS.The first call for Kentucky selec-tives under the provisions of the Ad-ministration's man power bill, extending the draft ages, will.be issuedprobably the latter part of Novem"ber, Maj. Henry F. Rhodes, head ofthe selective service in Kentucky,said.If the bill passes, as urged by theAdministration extending the agesfrom 18 to 45 years Maj. Rhodesestimates that between 240,000 and250,000 men will be affected in Kentucky. Of this number, he said, 75,000 or 80,000 men will pass, the phyical examination and be ready for acall to the colors.With the extension of the draftages, he said, there is little probability of deferred classes being calledat all. Youths who have attainedtheir twenty-first birthday since June5 last will be called into service thelatter part of September or the firstof October.Ten thousand men qualified forgeneral military service will be called tthe first week in September,, andthere are enough men In Class 1 atpresent to fill this call.In addition to this call for registrants qualified for general service,between 1,500 and 2,000 men heldfor special or limited service willalso be called the latter part of thismonth or the first of September.About half of the number called willgo to Camp Wheeler, Macon, Ga.Maj. Rhodes said he has just received notice that 3,150,000 formshad been shipped him by the WarDepartment, and these forms must bedistributed by his office to variouslocal boards throughout the State.Plans for the registration nextmonth, as provided by the man powerbill, are now almost complete, Maj.Rhodes said. Names of ail the menwho will act as registrars in the 120counties are now in his hands.DOGS-mLP-TAKE DRAFTEE-'ONHIS 3,000 MILE TRIP.Leland L. Hudson, a select fromPaxson, Alaska, 000 miles north of.Fairbanks, arrived at Camp Lewis,Tacoma, Wash., after a trip of more"than 3,000 miles in which he traveled by dog team, buckboard, mailbarge, river steamer, railway andcoastwise vessel.Due to a mistaken idea on the part'of the registrar at Paxson, that allmen who registered there wereobliged to give their address "in theStates" Hudson gave his mother'saddress in Seattle. His card was sentthere, and on May 22 he was orderedby the Seattle Board to report there"for duty. He asked for a two-weeks'extension .because a - boat did notleave Fairbanks; until late in June,but he received a reply to "take thefirst train or be classed as a desert-fer." u'ne -nearest Taiiway is atWhite Horse, more than 1,200 miles.asvay.,He left Paxson, May 26,fgoing 42'miles by dog team in two days, inwhich he went through a blizzard;4 then 72 miles by buckboard in .twodays, in which he 'had four relays ofhorses; down the Tanana River andthrough the Bates rapids for 100;miles on a mail barge and arrivedat Fairbanks June 2. - He took asteamer forJ3awson, June 20 andwent 900 miles down the Tanana andup the Kukon, arriving at WhiteHorse, July 5. While on the Yukon,which makes a wide bend and t goes'Ah;;f the f1011?1'with 30 other selects who were go'4ing to Fort Xukon,Tdrille on-the up-sJT T3."'sJPrjie List AsGaHuuhefs32 to 35c lfrper deck of the river boat under thelight of the midnight sun.He took the White Pass Railwayfrom White Horse to Skagway, paying $20 for a passage 110 miles long.and arrived in Skagway in time toengage passage on a boat for Seattle,which left July 7 and arrived thereJuly 9. He reported for duty July26, but it was not until when he presented vouchers for his expenses,totaling nearly $400 that officerswere aware of his long journey.A means of making use of theelectric magnet under water has beendevised in Japan, and it promises tobe of great assistance in locatingsunken vessels to recover which salvage operations on a big scale are expected after the war.isi I feThe Great Western Railway system extends over 3,008 miles, thustaking first place in the UnitedKingdom. The Northwestern comessecond, with 1,969 miles.m 1 mA good slogan for the next twofmonths: "Every farmer a bond buyerin the Fourth Liberty Loan."MISS ELIZABETH B. GILTNER,Piano and Violin,Studio 227 Seventh Street.Term Opens September 2, 1918.PARIS, KY.(13aug-lmo)Master's SaleBOURBONmGIRCUTIViCOURT.Minnie C. .Carpenter, Etc.,-Plaintiff.Vs. Notice ,of j3ale. ,Gladys A. Smith, Defendant.Pursuant to an order of sale in .theabove styled action, made at theJune, 191 8 term, the .undersignedwill, onSaturday, Sept. 7, 1918,on, or near the premises hereinafterdescribed, about the hour of 3 p. m.,expose to public sale the propertylying and being in Millersburg, Kentucky, and-described as follows:That certain house and lot inMillersburg, Kentucky, on TriggStreet, fronting thereon 60 feet,and running back therefrom to theCemetery, and adjoining the property of Owen .Ingles on one sideand the property of John Leer onthe other, and .being the sameproperty conveyed to testator, F.F. Hurst, by Sue James, by deed ofrecord in the office of the Clerk ofthe Bourbon County Court.Lot is. about 60 feet front andextends back same width about250 or 275 feet. 'The residence Istwo-story frame, modern and verysubstantial. , Four rooms and hallon lower, -floor; also four roomsand hall above. Good cellar;back porch,, latticed in; eement'walk around house; good cistern;outside summer kitchen; washroom and coal house, new stable. and buggy house or t garage; some'fruit trees.- TERMS Sale will be made 'uponcredits of six and twelve months forequal parts of the purchase money,the purchaser to execute two bondsof even date with sale, wiih goodsurety to be approved by the Master,and bearing interest at the rate of6 per annum fronudate. and due insix .and twelve months as aforesaid.O T TTTXTTTlxrvJWastereommisslomeriourbon Circuit'- L u Court - - -L (aug20-27-ept3)rvPrivate School OpeningMrs. Sutherland's Private Schoolwill open on Monday, September2nd. Number of pupils limited(20-tf)FOR SALENice pony and cart for sale. Aloa pony colt. Call at the Alamo boxoffice. (23-3t)WANTEDRegistered drug clerk, with references Address,THE FAYETTE DRUG CO.,16-4t) Lexington, Ky.For RentModern cottage of six roomsbatH; gas; electric lights; garage'next to Twelfth and High streets 'DR. F. P. CAMPBELL,Paris, Ky.Cumberland Phone 142.(28rtf)Farm For Rent.My farm of 556 acres, nearEwalt's Cross Roads, In Bourboncounty. Privilege to seed this fall.None but perfectly reliable partiesneed apply. Money rent.W. E. HIBLER,312 E. High Street,(6-tf) Lexington, Ky.For Rent.Nice Main street flat in secondstory. Has all modern improvement. Call on. or address," MRS. MARIA LYONS,(2-tf) 918 Main St., Paris, Ky.IRONWe pay highest prices for ironjunk, hides and wool.MUNICH & WIDES & CO.,Eighth St., Paris, Ky.,Cumb. Phone 374.(23-tf)Civil Service Examinations.Government Civil Service Examinations in Kentucky, August and September. Government Clerk, RailwayMail. Teacher. Immi Errant TTsTieftnrTypewriter, Research Clerk. Experience .unnecessary. Men and womendesiring government positions writefor .free particulars, J. C. Leonard(former Civil Service Examiner),460 Kenois Building, Washington.(16-4t)Protect YourIyesFrom Sun's GlareIf planning an outing at the seashore or on the water this summer,have a care for your eyes, for exposure! to excessively brilliant lightwill sometimes, bring on Inflammation or the eyes. Amber and Crooka'.glasses; .will prevent this form of eyestrain and will add much comfort toithe -wearer. If you are an eye-glasswearer this can, be ground in yourregular correction, also any othershades if desired.Give us a call at our new offices,.Suite 205-206 First National BankBuilding.Dr.Jm.fRiIey FrankfoSuite 205-6 First National Bank,Both Phones, Paris, Ky.Wanted-JimLWe pay the following prices forjunk, which we guarantee the bestprices to be obtained anywhere inthe State. Send us your shipments:Rags, $3.60 per hundred pound3.Mixed Iron, $1.00 per hundredpounds.Wrought Iron, $1.10 per hundredpounds.Heavy Cast, $1.10 per hundredpounds.Bones, $1.20 per hundred poundsHeavy Copper, 23c per pound.Light Copper, 21c per pound.Mixed Heavy Brass, 21c per pound.Light Brass, 12c per pound.Lead, 6 c per pound.Zinc, ,5c per pound.Aluminum, 24c per pound.Boots and-Shoes, 7c per pound.Trimmed Arties, 5Jefp er pound.Inner Tubes, lie per "pound.Green Salt Hides, 18c per pound.Green Hides, 16c per pound.Calfskins, 27c per pound.Horse Hides, $6.50 for No. l's.Lambskins, $2.00.Full Wooled Sheepskins, $3.00.Shearlings,.r$l,50.All F. O. B. Lexington.We alsn nnrn'haeft r1? nA tipWfeathers for which -we ay the high-esrTpnce. , 5en - uaamjlee.UlJMXMR ,SON.J ITTT "lrfato, Ky.VTUESDAY, AUGUST 27, 1918this bourbok incwa r ams. anv.Vi trr?rivil,?5. ,tJ- AJrf 4.':.. rthe alamoT0WY, ABGBST27KThe Beast of Berlin-t 1t -4 -.IteAJ VLi flV jB" i iii iBLwwwBPAWS GRANDvVvSee With Your Own Eyes WhatThis Monster Has Donein destroying the world's peace the lives of millions of innocentpeople. See his autocratic, overbearing, atrocious, insane fiendishness. It will make your blood boil.The Most Amazing Picture of the Century!Special Morning Show atPRICES-ADULTSJ LETTERS FROM BOURBON COUNTYSOLDIERS ANDIpsials?alsfemmp5Pl"5PalPfiPfilfefe)!sssfeMr. S. R. Hudnall, of Shakespeare,is in receipt of a letter from his former chum, Mr. Robert M. Pollitt,iho is a member of Uncle Sam's bigarmy now on. French soil, aiding theAllies. Pollitt is a member of Co. L.,51st Infantry, having been one ofthe draftees from this county, whowere sent over the waters some timeago from Camp Taylor. Mr. Pollittsays."Old Pal:"How are you and all the otherpeople in the best part of old Bourbon county, in and around Shakespeare? I hope you are all well andgetting along fine. Be sure and enjoy your life while you can, for aXellow can never tell what day hispleasures are to be taken away fromhim, and all his good times come toan end I am well and enjoyingsoldier life to its very fullest I'lltell you this, Shadie, this thing ofbeing a soldier is the greatest thingin the world for a young fellow. Itcertainly will make a man out ofhim. And Uncle Sam is becomingknown as the greatest provider theworld has ever known. Why, theAmerican soldiers are the finest looking lot of men I have ever seen in mylife. They are the wonder and admiration of all Europe, and certainlytheir appearance has put the fear oflife in the despisable woman-butchers,the dirty Huns. Also it has putthe certainty of death in their spulswhen they know a bunch of Americans are charging over the top withbayonets or anything else. I'll tellou, they are just grand fellows ....1 am somewhere in Europe. I knowit is somewhere in France, and thatis all I do know and about all Icare, either. Still, I would like to bein Paris, Ky., this morning, and totake a ride around the old burg inyour old Buick. Guess I will do sowhen I come back. The boys are allconfident we will be back in less thana year. And in that time we are going to give those Boches, you knowwhat I want to write, but guess thecensor might not pass it This isa wonderfully fine country, just likeour dear old Bourbon county, greenand peaceful looking, except wherewar has scarred and torn the face ofthe earth and ruined, villages .Well, there's work to be done, so Ia ill close, hoping to hear from youreal soon. My love to all. My newaddress is"PRIVATE ROBERT. M. POLLITT,"Co. L., 51st Infantry, Amer. Exp.Force."From far-away Washington, onthe shores of the Pacific, comes thefollowing letter to a member of THENEWS force, from Mr. Sherman R.Snapp, formerly of Paris, now inUncle Sam's service.'Camp Lewis, Wash., Aug. 20."Dear Friend:"I want to acknowledge my appreciation of your kindness in sendinga 'soldier's paper' to me at this camp.I certainly appreciate getting THENEWS, which puts in its appearancePiomptly twice-a-week. I'll tell youthe truth when I say that I readeverything in it. Of course, the rstthing I look for is the "Service" column, as l wish to keep up with thecomings a-nd goings of my old boyehnms whn nr nff&rinE: their livesto Uncle Sam Camp Lewis is anideal place for a Government cantonment It will accommodate 75,000soldiers, and is equipped with everymodern convenience for the health ofthe boys One of the best advantages we have is in the matter ofleather. Just imagine sleepingtvery night with two woolen blankets and a comfort over you during themonths of July and August, and youcan gain a fair idea of the kind ofweather we are having in the Stateof Washington I wore a woolensweater to-day and it was not a bittoo warm I amf fortunate enoughto belong to the Headquarters Com-SAILORSIpany, the only company where theboys don't have to take their turnsat washing, mopping up the floors,etc., better known in the army as K.P. (Kitchen Police.) This work isusually done by the Conscientious Objectors, or the fellows who profess areligion which will not permit themto even indulge in thoughts of war.But their religion vanishes when theyget down to hard work. . .The mealsserved in the Camp are good, so,taken all in all, Uncle Sam is a goodprovider, and certainly the best fellow on earth to work for Thelonger I stay here the. better I likeit. Am trying to get a transfer tothe Thirteenth Division, so that Iwill soon get a chance to go over toFrance. As I have been pronouncednhysically fit in every way I do not ,see any reason why I should be turned down for overseas duty. . . .Don'tforget that letters are mighty welcome visitors to the boys in the service, and I, lor one, am certainly gladto get them. Let yours come at once.With my best regards to all the force,I am,"Your Friend,"SHERMAN R. SNAPP,"Headquarters Co., 766th DepotBrigade, Camp Lewis, Wash."P. S. I am enclosing an excellent likeness, of the future ruler ofthe Infernal Regions, alias EmperorBill, the Butcher, of Berlin. Do justice to it."The following is a letter fromCorp. Ralph Huffman, formerly ofParis, who is now in France with theAmerican Expeditionary Force:"Dear Mother and All: Received aletter from you a few weeks ago, andwas awfully glad to hear from you.Dear mother, I hope you will forgiveme for not writing sooner, as I havenot had time for such writing. Ihave been busy with what little leisure time I have in trying to getenough sleep and eating Believemfij we surely have been on the gotor a good many days, and some ofthe boys are still on the go, givingthose retreating Germans nen. ihave been helping for quite a while,but am now in a base hospital somewhere in France. Do not worry,mother, dear, as I am not in greatdanger, only put out of commissionby getting knocked down by two orthree German high explosives. Wasfeeling bad for a while, but am pulling through all right now. Will soonbe in good shape again, and ceitainly hope to be by the time you receive this Give my love to all. Iwill write a longer letter next time."Your loving son,"RALPH HUFFMAN,"Co. A., 151st M. 9 Bn.. AmericanExpeditionary Foice."James L. Parker, a former Parisboy, writes to his friend, Mr. Robt.S. Porter, of Paris, as follows, underrecent date:"Somewhere In France."Dear Mr. Porter: "I have nowbeen in France for some time, buthave not had time to write, for wehave been very busy the last twomonths The American are keeping the Germans going fast, and Ithink it will not be very long before; pah cross the Rhine 1 havebeen in the Marne River about fourtimes, and at present the river is between me and Paris, France, and itwill certainly stay that way. Franceand England, or what I have seen ofthese countries, are surely very pretty very much like our Bluegrass section . . . Everybody so nice to usover here, even the Germans whenwe get them in a tight place, are ourkamerades. That kamerade stuffdoesn't go with the Allies any longerIt doesn't get into the prints, butthose kamrades are filling up lots ofspace under the ground. . . .Tell allthP hovs we are having ,some time,and that they ought to come overruntimeor thebig wind-up for Ger-The Alamo, Starting at 10 O'clock35c; CHILDREN 25c; GALLERY 25cmany .... Now, I will have to getI busy. Will write at greater lengthnext time."Your U. S. Friend,JAMES L. PARKER,"116th Field Signal Battallion, Amer.Expdtry Force."RED CROSS APPEALS FORTRENCH FOOT SLIPPERSTo the Women of Bourbon County:In our quota for September 1, inRed Cross work, is a request for 500trench foot slippers (250 pairs.)These slippers should be made ofvelvet, velveteene, corduroy or heavycloth. They are then lined with outing flannel.It is impossible for us to buy thenecessary material and we are askingthe patriotic women of the countyto send us any garments or piecesthey have no use for, to be 'used inthis way. An old pair of clothtrousers, or a coat, can be cut intoseveral parts, as the slippers can bepieced.We published an appeal some daysI n.pn hut thp. resnonRfi -wilr so smallwe have less than 50 slippers made.Are we to fail in this, as we have'done in nothing else? We have beenproud of our record up to this time.May it always remain untarnished.If any friend desires to buy aremnant or piece of new material tosend in, it requires two-thirds of ayard of 27 inch goods to make onepair.Send all material to the Red Crossrooms, at the Court House, in Paris.If it is more convenient for ladiesout in the country, materials 'may besent to Mrs. Annabelle Wallace, orMrs. D. C. Lisle, at Leesburg; MissFlorence Hopkins, at Little Rock;Mrs. Letcher Weathers, at Clintonville, and Mrs. Jno. Collins, at NorthMiddletown.BOURBON RED CROSS CHAPTER.(tf)jsa fe TaBIRTHS.In East Paris, last Tuesday, tothe wife of Mr. J. W. Cleft, a daughter. Near Little Rock, to the wife ofMr. Throop Clarke, a son, christenedJames Burris Clarke.At the Massie Memorial Hospital,to the wife of Mr. Lawience Thome,of Paris, a daughter, christened MaryFrances Thome.To the wife of Mr. Elmer G.Nichols, formerly Miss Ethel Hukill,of Paris, a daughter, christened AnnaMay Nichols. Mr. and Mrs. Nicholsnow reside at Irvine, where the former is agent for the Adams ExpressCompany.At the Good Samaritan Hospital,in Lexington, Thursday, to the wifeof Mr. Jtoger T. Thornton, of Buffalo,New York, a son, Mrs. Thornton was,before her marriage, Miss Mary Sullivan, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. JerrcP. Sullivan, formerly of Centerville,this county. The baby was namedRoger Sullivan Thornton.B-4 PI REInsure withW.O. HINTON &SON,Agtsm miWOODFORD COUNTY HOME DESTROYED BY EIREA cottage at Cross Roads, Woodford county, belonging to J. C. Durrett and occupied by Mr. Mobley, whohas just moved there, Was destroyedby fire. The contents also wereburned. The house was valued atabout ?500 and was not insured.K tsaFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.raHere's the pronunciation of thefollowing French names: Ypres,Soissons, Aisne, Amiens, Doual, Bapaume, Meaux, Yser, Lys, Ayesines, inthe order named. Ee-prr Swahsonn,AlTI Am-P-nn Tlotxrai "DV-w,rTTrEazer, Leece, Ah-eem.'The Lusitania Tragedy Immortal-zed in FilmThird Anniversary of the Sinking of the Queenof the Sea Observed By Showing its Instigator in"The Kaiser, the Beast of Berlin"SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mrs. Kate Lenihan is a guest offriends in Cincinnati.Miss Stella Stirman is visitingfriends and relatives in Carlisle.Mr. Lyman Tay'sr is visitinghis aunt, Mrs. James Keefe, in Chicago. M.s Evelyn Smith is visitingfriends and relatives in Detroit,Mich.The Ewing Fair - as well attended by Bourbon county people lastweek.Mr. and Mrs. Russell Evans, ofEast Bernstadt, are visiting relativesnear Paris.Mrs. J. H. Letton is visiting herdaughter, Mrs. Will E. Williams, inLexington.Mrs. J. W. James and daughter,Miss Jennie, are visiting relatives .inScott county,Mrs. J. W. Bacon is a guest ofher mother, Mrs. Henry R. Behr-rman, an- Newport. Iivir. ana ivirs. jesse uonyers navereturned from a visit to Mr. and Mrs.J. A. Lyon, in Midway.Mrs. J. H. Colliver and daughter,Miss Clara Colliver, are visiting relatives in Parker, Kansas.Mrs. N. B. Hedges has returnedfrom a visit to her mother, Mrs. J.M. Powell, in Winchester.Mrs. J. H. Colliver has leasedand moved to a cottage on Fithianavenue, in White Addition.Mr. and Mrs. O. W. Murphy areat home from a visit to relatives ofMrs. Murphy, in Covington.Mr. Chas. T. Stone has returnedfrom a visit to his children in Newport, Ky., and Indianapolis, Ind.Mrs. W. B. Bush has returnedto her home in Mt. Sterling after avisit to Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Bush.Mrs. Otis Ballou has returned toher home in Versailles, after a visitto Mr. and Mrs. F. E. Faulkner.Mr. Kelley Haley and Mr.Abram Buchanan, of near Paris, aremembers of a camping party at Verdin, Ky.Mrs. E. K. Thomas, who felland broke a bone in her wrist at herhome near Paris some time ago, isimproving.Miss Jennie Taibott is a patient at the Massie Memorial Hospital, where she is under medicaltreatment.Lieut and Mrs. Tripp, of ForfrCrook, Neb., are guests of the latter'sparents, Mr. and Mrs. Jonathan Burris, near Paris.Mr. and Mrs. 0. H. Simth havegone to Gassoway, W. Va., to visitthe latter's brother, Mi. J. W. Colliver and family.Miss Giace McCord is now a resident of Akron, Ohio, where she hastaken a position with the GoodrichRubber Company.Mr. and Mrs. David Pence havereturned to their home in Shelbycounty, after a visit to fnends andlelatives near Pans.'--r-Misses Gladys Goiham, of Louisville, and Nancy and Lillian Featherstone, of Georgeeown, are guests ofMrs. Redmon Taibott.Mrs. J. W. Wind and daughteis,Misses Amelia and Nancy Wind, havereturned from a visit to relatives in fCincinnati, O., and in Indianapolis,Ind.Misses Lucy and Jesse Kenley,guests of Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Jamesand family, on Fourth street, haveireturned to their home in Georgetown. "Mr. and Mrs. W. K. Griffin anddaughter, Miss Blanche Griffin, havegone to Fairview, Ohio, for a visitto Mr. Griffin's mother, Mrs. E. M.Griffin.Misses Rebecca Purnell and Mar-,garet Hill are visiting Mr. and Mrs.John K. Smith and Hr. and Mrs.Malcolm McGlasson ?nd families, in'Dayton, Ky.Mr. James Dawson, of nearParis, who recently underwent anoperation for appendicitis at the Massie Memorial Hospital, isireported asimproving nicely.j Mr. Will G. Stipphas returnedlb his home near Paris from a visitto his son, Mr. Rav Stipp, at Covington. The , latter- is'recoveringfrom severe burns sustained sometime ago by a boiler explosion.Mr. and Mrs. Porter Jett wereguests of Mr. and Mrs. John Scott, inEwing last week, while attending theEwing Fair.Mr. and Mrs. E. A. Hughes,guests of Miss Annie Merringer, onSouth Main street, have returned totheir home in Ft. Smith, Ark.Mrs. Oscar T. Hinton andmother, Mrs. Victor Whitridge, haveas guests Mrs. James Bussey, of Newark, New Jersey, and Miss Mary Wilson, of Cincinnati.Mrs. James E. Keefe and daughter, Miss Helen Keefe, have returnedto their home in Chicago, after avisit to Mrs. Keefe's sister, Mrs. p.M. Taylor, on Eighth street.Mr. J. J. Veatch has leased hisbungalow, in White Addition, to Mr.and Mrs. Thomas Dillon, of near Little Rock. Mr. Veatch has moved tohis new home, recently completed, onFithian avenue.(Other-Personals on Page5.)l ?a ?srnupBEST PROOF GIVEN BY APARIS CITIZENDoan's Kidney Pills wereused-they brought benefit.The story was told to Paris residents. Time has strengthened the evidence. Has proven the results lasting.The testimony is home testimony.The proof convincing.It can. he invested "by Paris residents. Mrs. J. T. Martin, 1024 Mainstreet, Paris, says: "Kidney troublecame on from a fall and the resultswere very severe, causing me moresuffering than than the fall itself.No one can ever know what I wentthrough at that time for I sufferedawfully. My back ached and paineduntil I thought it would break intwo. Sharp twinges shot throughmy kidneys and if anyone had hitme in the back with a heavy axe itcould not have hurt worse. In oneweek after using Doan's Kidney PillsI felt like a different woman, forthey fixed me up in fine shape.(Statement given February 17,1918.)RESULTS THAT REMAINOn November 9, 1916, Mrs: Martin said: "Doan's 'Kidney Pills havemade a cure for me and it has beenpermanent."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Martin ha.d. Fnster-MilbiirnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)SHIP YOUR CREAMDIRECTSugar Creek Creamery iLEXINGTONVQttK.I JfirXMinimum Shipping RateQuick Returns-, TjDp Marke t PricesAug 20-8tijPARMER COMES TO FRONT.(Farm and Family.)The war is doing very many thingsfor the farmer in America: It isbringing him to the front in the nsational life and it is bringing him andhis city cousin much closer together- -thanthey have ever been in the past.The city man at times has been willing to forget the farmer, but theproblems of food production haversuddenly made him realize that the?food of a nation is absolutely itSrgreatest need.Perhaps this whole statement of"the farmer coming to the front ishould be made stronger than it waffin the above paragraph. The farmer rhas come to the front not only In our -rnational life, but in the life of thewhole world because the food prpb-S-lemof any nation is now a warierwide problem.MARGOLEN'SrAll FruitsVegetablesFishand Meatsare kept inside our storeiftseparate refrigerators everything screened and free-,from dust and flies.Buy where edibles are -keptin a sanitary man- .ner. Our service is -prompt.,MflRGOLEN?Sanitary Meat MarketTO THEjo4"fl:Vja" .tt!Pr"-rif mi ionTHE BOURBON NEWS, PAB1S, KT. rV -TUBSDAY, AUGUST 27, 111 ;r i .....nabITHIS MAH HEW XAHAGER OFOHIO IKSURANCE CO.Mr. D. Harold Johnson, formerlyof JP&ris, and Mt. Sterling, who hasbeen 'In Columbus, 0., several yearsin the insurance business, has received official confirmation of hisappointment as Agency Manager ofthe Fidelity Mutual Life InsuranceCompany. Mr. Johnson is one of themost successful insurance men inOhio. He is a son of Mr. W. H. H.Johnson, and brother of Miss SusieJohnson and Mrs. Lida Conway, ofParis.The following complimentary reference to Mr. Johnson's appointmentwas published in a recent issue ofthe Fidelity Field Man, an insurancemagazine devoted to the interests ofthe Fidelity Mutual Life InsuranceCompany:"We take pleasure in"announcingthe appointment of D. H. Johnson,formerly of Paris, Ky., as AgencyManager 'at Columbus, Ohio. Mr.Johnson is a man of pleasing personality. He has been a salesman allhis life. He comes from the Bluegrassof Kentucky, but for many years hasmade Columbus his home and is wellJaiown all over the Columbus territory. In recent years he has writtenquite a little business for the Fidelity, but' only as a part time man. Hehas come to see the great possibilitiesof the business, has severed all otherbusiness connections aiid taken upinsurance as his life work. The production list will soon tell the storyof the success which we are confidenthe will have."PAIGE .AND .BRISCOE AUTOMOBILES.Special features of the Paige Car,self-grinding valve and transmissionlock, thief-proof.Features of the Briscoe are thesmall upkeep and economy in gasoline. Ask for demonstrations,(tf) F. P. WHITE, Agent.1 1 feTHINGS TO WORRY ABOUTThe Fuel Administrator advises usto burn wood and save coal. This isgood advice, but the question arises,with nearly all the wood alreadyconsumed, and little or no coal insight, what will we do this winterif it is as cold as it was last?PUBLIC SALEOF25 PERCHERON-BRED MARESONThursday, August 29, 1918AT 1:30 P. M.ATJ. M. STOCK YARDS, PARIS, KY.These mares are three to five years old, and are the kind theUnited States and foreign governments have been wanting andbuying.There will also be sold a good lot of mule mares.Sale will positively be held, rain or shine, at 1:30 p. m on theabove date.BRANINON & FOX.. -WOMEN'S ACTIVITIES.Mrs. E. F. Clay, Chairman War Census of Women.The taking of the war census ofthe women of Bourbon county willbegin September the third and continue through the tenth.It is hoped mat Bourbon county twomen will come forward with thiswork rapidly and help make the workfor these committees as easy as possible on account especially of themany other duties imposed uponthem at this critical period.Mrs. E. F. Clay, Chairman, hasbeen untiring in her efforts in organizing and appointing sub-committeesand everything is about readyfor the real work on September 3.The following able women havebeen appointed as registrars in theirrespective precincts, who willhaveassistants, to be named later: "In The City of Paris:Miss Nell Crutcher.Mrs. Ossian Edwards.Mrs. A. T. Forsythe.Mrs. Chas. Duncan.Mrs. J. J. Veatch.Miss Olivia Qrr.Miss Clara Bacon.Mrs. Calla Nichols.Mrs. Newt. Mitchell.Mrs. Lee (Price.Miss Grace Donaldson.Mrs. H. A. Power.Mrs. Lena Parker.Mrs. C. G. Daugherty.Miss Lucy Simms.Mrs. F. P. Riser.Mrs. Geo. W. Clay.Mrs. Frank M. Clay.Mrs. M. J. Lavm.Mrs. John Davis.Mrs. Chas. Alexander.In County Outside of Paris:Mrs. Roger Burris, (Little Rock.)Mrs. Sam Clay, (Cane Ridge.)Mrs. Allie Dickson, (North Middletown.) Mrs. Catesby Woodford, Jr., (NorthMi'ddletown.)Mrs. Harry B. Clay, (Stony Point.)Mrs. Lee Stephenson, (Clintonville.) Mrs. Bell, (Bethlehem.)Miss Elizabeth Donald.Mrs. Jas. H. Thompson, (Hutchison,) Mrs. Charlton Alexander, (Cliatonville.) Mrs. ' Charlton Alexander.Miss Nancy Griffith.Mrs. Robt. Ferguson.Mrs. Squires.Miss Annie Clay.Mrs. Silas Bedford.Mrs. George Current.Miss Tillie LaRue.Mrs. Jas. Fisher.Mrs. J. W. Ferguson, (Shawhan.)Mrs. Doty, (Millersburg.)Mrs. Amos Turney, Jr.Mrs. Mack Grimes.Cards for the registration have arrived. The Secretary will be atheadquarters which have been opened in the Bourbon-Agricultural Bankbuilding for the purpose of givingout the cards to the registrars. TheiMJKfflm9)wtfmflwiaMUMMTHE FORD GARAGEOn Bank Row, Paris, Ky.,To Pass Under New Management ofMr. R. C. Ruggles After September 1st jHaving recently acquired more land in Bourbon county1 have been compelled to give up my business in Paris in orderto devote my entire time to my agricultural interests. . Therefore I have this day sold toMR. R. C. RUG GIBSOF CINCINNATI, OHIOformer sales manager of the Ford Motor Company, in Cincinnatithe business of the Ford Garage, on Bank Row, in Paris!Mr. Ruggles is an experienced anrnmnkn ... l...:m -v.k. wait, uaviugspent more than six years in the service of the Ford Motor Co.and is a practical and thorough business man. 'Mr. Ruggles will assume charge of the FordGarage, in Paris, after September 1st, and formerpatrons of my place and the public in general areassured of prompt and efficient treatment at the handsor the new proprietor.IRA PARKS & SONIIiKgIPoffice .hours will be from 9:00 tolltOft'a. m., and from 3100 to 5:00p. m.M MM"THE. BEAST OF BEEUN" AWONDERFUL HIM PLAYIn commenting on the film production "The Kaiser, the Beast ofBerlin," which will he shown at theAlamo this (Tuesday) morning andafternoon, and at the Paris Grandto-night, critics have laid stress onthe-splendid detail of the film.Rupert Julian, who produced thefilm and portrays the Kaiser, himself has paid particular attention tothe smaller details of the costumingand settings for the photoplay. LeeSmith and William Howard, art directors, assisted Mr. Julian in gettingthe settings arranged and they wereconstructed by Norman Dawn and G.H. Armstrong. Photographs and,blueprints of the Imperial Palace,Berlin, were used in the making ofthe sets. Mural decorations for thevarious rooms of the palace werepainted by Henri DeBeauville, SignorLeMair and George Davis,.The costumes worn by the Kaiser,various generals and soldiers werepurchased abroad and brought tothis country early in the war. Costumes for the women and peasantsin the cast were made by MarkFiolka, Mrs. L. E. Littfield and Mrs.L. H. Coulter.Edward Kull photographed the entire film and arranged the lightingeffects. Chester Bennett selected theout-of-door locations. Frederick Tyler assisted Mr. Julian in the directtion of the action for the photoplay.fe fe feFAEJYL FOR RENT.See advertisement in another column of the farm for rent belongingto W. E. Hibler. The place contains556 acres and is located near E wait'sCross Roads. If interested, addressMr. W. E. Hibler, 312 E. HighSt., Lexington, Ky. (6-tf)DAUGHTER OP FORMER PARISIAN KILLED IN CHICAGOMildred Kiley, aged eleven, daughter oi Mr. John Kiely, formerly ofParis, was run down by an automobile in the Lake Shore Drive, nearthe Diversay Beach, in Chicago, Friday, and was so badly injured thatshe died soon afterward in the Columbus Memorial Hospital.In the machine which caused thelittle girl's death were two Chicagophysicians, Drs. J. W. Paulsen andS. W. Sonnenheim. The girl and afriend, Violet Ingels, where on theirway to the beach when she becameconfused upon the approach of theautomobile. It was at first thouehtthat the injuries were not serious.Information of the accident andits fatal consequences were immediately sent to Mr. Kiely's -mother, Mrs.Ellen Kiely, and his sister andbrother, Miss Mary Kiely and Mr.Jos. Kiely, in this city. Mr. Kielynas oeen a resident of Chicago forseveral years, going there from Covington.FRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERS -&J(diShvanceowingofJall uaistsand0ressesFRANK & CO.ANHATTANSHIRTSAT SPECIAL PRICES!The makers of Manhattan Shirts have allowed us a few days for specialprices in order to clean up our stock for the new line for Fall. You buyers ofshirts know what the name "Manhattan" means, and you should get busy and buywhile the stock is complete and we have your size.You will find all the new patterns here in the soft and stiff cuffs in Madras,Percales, Silk Fabrics and Pure Silks. Note these prices and get busy, as theyare onlyfor a few days:$2.00 SHIRTScut to$2.50 SHIRTScut to$3.00 SHIRTScut to13.50 SHIRTScut to$1.65$1.85$2.15$2.85$4.00 SHIRTScut to$4.50 SHIRTScut to$5.00 SHIRTScut to$6,00 SHIRTScut to$3.15$3.15$3.85$4.95Knox and Crofutt & Knapp Fall HatsThe advance styles in these hate are arriving daily, and we find them to bethe beit .tyles and colon we ever had. New shades in grey, brown and greenare found m new Alpine shape in the finished and unfinished hats.$5.00 to $7.50R. P. WALSH7th and Main..One-Price StoreParis, Ky.,Vv -fr.vj.3-TUESDAY, AUGUST 37, 1S13THE BOURDON NEWS, PAHS, IT.. -fr JHVtf-ttATP ,irvrisevyBESTNOTHING ELSESEED WHEAT CLEANED.We arc prepared to cleanwheat for seed. If an eneasement is made, the teamtfiat brings in the wheat canfake it back recleaned.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO!(till-sept-D1&ww TEMBER.u the September meeting of theTtaurbon Fiscal Court, which, willSavene on the first Thursday in theInnth the Court will decide on the?6w beneficiaries of the Garth Fund,pnd approve allowances to be madeto both the old and new beneficiaries.CROPS SUJFBRING TOE RAIN.Crops in Bourbon county are suf'Prins from- lack of rain. In someSections farmers are cutting their tobacco, as it is "firing" badly. If thedrouth continues a few days longerthe corn crop in some sections willbe cut in half. Stock water is gettingccarcer, the grass is parched, andniany farmers are shipping their catile on account of these conditions.tog fca gcpECIALSIN OUTINGS AND GINGHAMS THIS WEEK.You had better buy outings now,35 cents per yard. Also beautiful"inghams at 35 cents per yard. Better buy -now, as they will be higherlater on.(27-3t) PARIS RACKET STORE.OPE TO CANADA.Messrs. Lee Deaver, Clarence Mengand James Mulligan, accompanied bytwo colored men, left Paris, Sundaymorning, for Saskatchewan, Canada,vhere they will remain through thevinter on the big wheat and flax-tvio. nf tt! "P. Snears & Sons, ofParis. Several boys from Paris arealready there, engaged in harvestingwork.NOTICE.The City Board ofSupervisors will bein session at theCourt Mouse August29th and 30th for allwho have been notified and have notbeen heard. Last notice. ,E. B. JANUARY,Mayor,m i iCOLORED TEACHERS' INSTITUTEThe colored Teachers' Institute innrotrress here, closed Saturday, afteran interesting session. The Institutewas called to order by County Superintendent J. B. Caywood. Prof. H. C.Russell, of Louisville, presided duringthe sessions. Demonstrations in canning and in food economics weregiven. The meeting was an interesting one throughout.3 m JQRESURFACING WORK PROGRESSING ON DUNCAN AVENUE.The work of resurfacing Duncanavenue with Kentucky asphalt, isprogressing steadily, and with a continuance of favorable weather, willsoon be completed. The foundationspreading and rolling down the topspreading and rolling down the topsurfacing of asphalt was begun yesterday. The avenue will remainclosed to regular traffic until thework is finished.f yr YiSPORTSMEN WARNED.Instructions have been sent toCounty Game Warden DouglasThomas and Special Deputy GameWarden Bush Bishop, from headquarters at Frankfort regarding theopening of the dove hunting season.Sportsmen are warned by the Wardens that dove hunting will not bepermitted under the law until September 1, and that no one can huntdoves without having previouslytaken out a hunting license as required by a State law.!3 19 13WINTERS' WINDOW WORTHLOOKING AT HAVE A LOOK.Have you seen Winders' window?That is a question heard asked aaumber of times every evening inront of THE NEWS office. It's nobonder, either, for it always hassomething new and novel in it. Ithas on an exceptionally . pretty -newdress this week. Go see it it'sworth while. Pretty Gruen Wrist"Watch, Mesh Bag, Sterling SilverTea Sets, Sandwich Trays, Gold andSilver Card Cases and CigaretteCases. The handsome showing ofdiamonds set in platinum is gorgeous. Winters' window has a reputation and if you miss seeing it every"week you will have missed a treat.27-lt)E3 f& TE3KR. RISER PROMOTED IN L. & N.SERVICE.As a reward for duties faithfullyand efficiently administered, Mr.Homer Kiser, clerk in the office ofthe Louisville & Nashville at thisPoint, has received a well-meritedpromotion. Mr. Kiser has been promoted to the position of Chief Clerkto General Yardmaster A. D. Murrell, at Corbin.In the move-up in official circlesilr. Kiser has been succeeded in theParis office by M. L. Jones. Mr.James Feldman moves up to the position vacated by Mr. Jones, and MissMary Shannon succeeds Mr. Feldrofl THESOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Combes and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mrs. Ellen Shea is visiting relatives in Cincinnati.Mr. George R. Bell, of Ford &Co., is at Olympian Springs for afew days stay.Miss Ardella Dalzell, of nearParis, is visiting Miss Alta Evans,in, Mt. Sterling.Mrs. Charles Booe, of Frankfort,was a week-end guest of Mr; and Mrs.C. P.. Cook, on Cypress street.-Mrs. Rosa Payne has returnedto Lexington, after a visit to Mrs.Hugh Montgomery, on Duncan avenue. Mrs. W. T. Talbott and Mrs.Cordie Parker have returned from avisit to Mrs. Edward Wallace, in Versailles. Mr. J. T. Stewart, of Fredonia,Kans., is a guest of his son, Mr. Walter Stewart, and Mrs. Stewart, ofnear Hutchison.Hon. John- Noland, a prominent attorney of Richmond, was inParis, Saturday, taking depositions ina civil law case.Mrs. James L. Wilcox, of Daytona Beach, Fla., was a guest severaldays the past week of relatives andfriends in Paris.Miss Jessie Spencer, of Lexington, is visiting her sister, Mrs. Wm.B. Ardery, and Mrs, Ardery, at theirhome irear Paris.Mrs. Chas. A. Webber has asguest at her home on the Lexingtonpike, near Paris, Mrs. Lillian Hudsell, of Lexington.Mr. and Mrs. Clarence Kenneyand children, Miss Elizabeth Embryand Mr. Bruce Holladay have returned from Crab Orchard Springs.Mrs. Lucy Frank and daughter,MissHallie Frank, Mrs. W. A. Harpand Miss Clennie Lusby have returned from Saranac Lake, New York.Mrs. Elizabeth Dunlap anddaughter, Miss Sarah Dunlap, havereturned after a visit to Mr. andMrs. Wm. 0. Hinton, on High, street.Mr. and Mrs. Ryland C. Musickand sons, Walton, Dalton and Arthur Music, have returned to Jackson, Ky., after a visit to friends inthis city.Miss Louella Wiles, guest ofMrs. Geo. S. Phillips and Mrs. Wm.Matthews, on Walker avenue, returned Saturday to her home in Columbus, Ohio.Mr. Roscoe Williams arrivedSaturday from Philadelphia, Pa., tojoin his wife and daughter, who areguests of Mrs. Edward Turner andfamily, near Paris.A squad of Boy Scouts fromCovington, in charge of Chief Executive E. J. Morris, on. a bicycle hikefrom Covington to High Bridge andBoonesboro, spent several houre inParis, Saturday.Messrs. White Varden, Geo. R.Davis, Jo. Varden, Dr. W. R. Franklin and Carl Snapp motored to Louisville, Sunday, where .they visitedfriends and paid a visit of inspectionto Camp Zachary Taylor.Mrs. Laura Beatty and daughter, Miss Corinne Beatty, have returned to Dayton, 0., after a visit tothe former's mother, Mrs. Silas Linville, and other relatives.Mr. and Mrs. I. D. Thompson arrived Sunday night from Rochester,Minn., where Mr. Thompson has beena patient at the Mayo Bros. Hospital. Mr. Thompson had a kidneystone removed without an operationbeing performed.Misses Anna Belle Hall, ofMaysville, Mildred Wood, of Shelbyville, Louise Krell, of Richmond, andMargaret Coleman, of Mt. Sterling,who were guests of Miss Anna LouiseWhite, for the Mid-summer Dance,have returned to their homes.Mrs. Elizabeth Dunlap and little daughter, Sarah, of Dallas, Texas,Mrs. B. S. Mattingly, of Louisville,and Mrs. Nannie B. Embry, of Richmond, were the delightful guests ofMr. and Mrs. John J. McClintock andMrs. Palmer, on Duncan avenue,,last week.Mrs. Wm. F. Bryan has returnedfrom a visit in Detroit, Michigan, accompanied by her daughter, Mrs.Chas. A. Snyder, and his granddaughter, Miss Marie Lisle Snyder. Mrs.Snyder and daughter will remain until the latter part of September before returning home.Mrs. W. L. Davis has returnedfrom Louisville, where she attended areunion of the Davis family, and isagain a guest of Mr. and Mrs. JohnT. Hinton. Mr. Davis has gone toHendersonville, N. C, to visit Mr.and Mrs. Roger Thomson and daughter, before returning to his home inColumbia, S. C.Rev. and Mrs. John Jay Rice returned Saturday from their bridaltrip. They will go to housekepingon Duncan avenue in the Presbyterian manse, witn me return ol xm;v.Rice the dedicatory service of the newPresbyterian church at tne corner oiPleasant and Sixth streets, will bearranged for an early date in September. Mr. and Mrs. 0. L. Watson andMr. and Mrs. Edward Willis, of St.Louis, Mo., and Mr. and Mrs. Chas.Knight, of Lexington, have returnedto their homes after a visit to Mrs.Fanniebelle Sutherland and Mr. ClaySutherland. While here the partyspent several days with a houseboatparty from Winchester on the Kentucky River.The Nicholasville journal says:"Prof. Lee Kirkpatrick, who was superintendent of the NicholasvilleHigh School for the past two years,has returned from New York City,where he took a special course at Columbia University. The first of September he goes to- Paris, where her. aianori Snnfirintendent of theWOO Ci'-uvv' -Paris High School recently at an advance in salary."Mrs. Janie Current, of Fifteenthstreet, entertained with a noon dinner and Miss Lena Cooper, of Highstreet, with a six-o'clock dinner, Sunday in honor of the Kentucky partywho attended the Lake Junaluska,N. C, assemDiy oi iuc ...-Tnr7m'isist month. Those whocu-joyed tlie hospitality of Mrs. Currentand Miss Cooper were: Miss Miriamt- T;o-fnn and 2Uest.v MlSSxia-ie, -urto- t --- r-.-j -MissTregennaTerreii, oi vu-iv,Emma Bedford, Lexington; MissesSara Power and Dorothy Tingle, andMr. Dennis Snapp, of Paris.vMrs. Gertrude Smoot has returned from a visit to Mrs. Wim. Howard,in Richmond.Mr. Fred Weckesser, of the BusyBee Cash Store, left last night for atwo-weeks' sojourn at Crab OrchardSprings.Mrs. Edward Romweber, of Cincinnati, is a guest of her brothers,Mr. Thomas McGinley and John McGinley, in this city.Mr. and Mrs. William Dale anddaughter are spending a vacation visiting New York, Niagara Falls andother Eastern cities.Messrs. Dan W. Peed, WallaceMitchell, J. Harry Clay and J. FrankClay have returned from a fishingand camping trip In Wisconsin.Miss Rebecca Claybrook andDuane Rogers, of Maysville, wereguests of Miss Elise Varden for theMid-Summer Dance at the MasonicTemple, Friday night.(Other Personals on. Page 3.)Roadster For Sale.For quick sale, Dodge Roadster,1916 Model, perfect repair, $650.WM. M. TAYLOR,(It) Both Phones 7 7.LOSTGold breastpin, with amethyst setting. Valued as an heirloom. Lostsomewhere in Paris. Suitable rewardfor return to this office or toMRS. CASSELL REDMON,(27-2t) Route 4, Paris, Ky.Shoe Saleslady WantedWanted, at Friedman & Ashurst'sShoe Store, a shoe saleslady. Preferably one with some experience infitting and selling shoes. Apply inperson. (27-lt)Many ArticlesAtOld Prices!Grandpa's Wonder Soap 5cWhite Lily Soap 5cTrilbv Soan 5cftoblin Soao 5cSanta Claus Laundry Soap.. 5cBest Matches, per box 6cGas Globes, still 10cShinola Shoe Polish 1 OcDried Beans, pound.. 12 1 -2cRegular 75c Broom,4-sewed 50cPost Cards, comics. 8 for 5cYou can always save money bydealing at theBusy Bee Cash StoreBEFORE HEGOESWhen we have won the warwhen our boys sail home acrossseas forever freed from piratesubmarines, when our boys,bronzed and sinewy, hardenedveterans, go back to the bravehomes so bravely defended.Happily they take up pursuits ofpeace but never will they forget that they have been soldiersof democracy. And they willalways be grateful for thatwhich will keep fresh in theirmemories the story of this greatwar. This thing the picturescan do. Kodak pictures suchas you can take will help, to"turn the dark cloud inside outtill the boys come 'home."Daugherty Bros.Fifth and Main.a, j ifiaimiy nuija tlifiTfii ll - CL;C QR ' IBHIiliWSr i vA Mr 8.e " IClosingOutENTIRE STOCK!Special Reductions on the Following:;Suits, CoatsDresses, Dry GoodsNotions, UnderwearHosiery, CorsetsEverything in theand SELL QUICKLY. The stock must be CLOSEIHARRY SIMONm mkI MAIN STREET. PARIS. KY. El .a , j?iBMBIMMIHttlHBMIkM1 1-' SJimm m wmmkm -m m Wi.liiet THinLr m Thiell1 U 3 1 I I III 11 Ul SbiE$j.Z - -m4 Hfc4 m1 9x12 FEET i5 ' Ep"'" A W:See Them in Our Window-4i181I-4THE J.I MOTOR HEARSE-41"EITHERPHONE"a hzmmwmimStock is Marked toOUT ENTIRELY.We are offering big reductionsto close out all Porch and LawnGoods and Ail Refrigerators.THIN TON CO.MOTOR INVALID COACH36yjSELL, and selfi18v-UNDERTAKINGSIXTH AND MAIN STS.ft?5iEC-fv fId ianillTUESDAY, AUGUST 27, 1811PAGIKX'm'1THE BOUBBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.PLAIN NATURAL IRON BESTTONIC.Costs But a Fraction What WeakerPreparations Sell For A SpoonfulIn a Glare of Water a Dose.The absolute proof .that medicinaliron would help the blood andstrengthen people -wonderfullsjjhascaused many ,chemists to perfectmore or less efficient iron tonics andmore or less efficient tablets.For most people, however, the writer would say that just plain highlyconcentrated Acid Iron Mineral isbetter, far cheaper and stronger andgoes from two to six times as far.A bottle of Acid Iron Mineral, kepthandy and a teaspoonful poured in aglass of drinking water after meals,makes a delightful, very unusual andhighly beneficial tonic and strengthened and if the blood needs enrichingand purifying it would be hard tofind anything that does it better orrids the system of rheumatism andkindred ailments quicker than justplain concentrated Acid Iron Mineral,which is the name for non-alcoholicnatural iron.s It also has a beneficial effect uponappetite and digestion, and the kidaeys soon show its effects.(Note: ) A-I-M does not act as alaxative and should one be needed tostimulate the liver or bowels a goodlaxative tablet like A-I-M Liver Pillsis recommended. (adv-T-tf)For Sale by BROOKS & SNAPP.A ... . . - ,- - ' ' - - J li !fSi:iM.XHu,ZAISER AND SONS SHOULD BEEXECUTED AFTER WAR"For the good of Germany and theworld several thousand executions,should be ordered by an InternationalCourt at the close of the war, theKaiser and his six sons to head thelist of condemned," said Judge Kenesaw Mountain Landis, of Chicago,after his arrival in Cincinnati recently. "The Kaiser and his six sons, aswell as the governing clique in Germany, are responsible for GermanKultur' and the work of propagandists in the United States," Judge.Landis continued. "The end of German 'Kultur' also must put a periodto the German war ambition."We in this country will neverget what we are entitled to unlessthe hyphen is eliminated forever."Judge Landis' son, now in the aviation service, is engaged with otherAmericans in battling for air supremacy on the western front.19. 3 1TO IMPROVE YOUR DIGESTION."For years my digestion was sopoor that I could eat only the lightest foods. I tried everything thatI heard of to get relief, but not until about a year ago when I sawChamberlain's Tablets advertisedand got a bottle of them did I findthe right treatment. Since takingthem my digestion is fine." Mrs.Blanche Bowles, Indiana, Pa.(adv-aug). 1 i isDRAFT DEPLETES NEW YORKPOLICE FORCE; MERCHANTSPROTEST.Stating that fifteen per cent, ofNew York's uniformed police havegone to the colors and that underthe new draft bill the- majority. ofthose remaining are likely to be called, imperiling the safety of the metropolis, the Merchants' Associationof New York sent a letter to Provost Marshal General Crowder andUnited States Senator Chamberlainand Representative Dent urging themto include in the new draft law a provision for the exemption of NewYork policemen.9& El 3DROUTH IN IOWA CAUSES BIGDAMAGE TO CORN CROP.With the drouth continuing andlittle prospect of immediate relief insight, the weekly crop report forIowa, issued Wednesday, estimatedthat 25,000,000 bushels of corn, valued at $40,000,000, have been lostin Iowa during the present hot wave.SummerClearanceSale!Silk BlousesValues up to $5.00Special$3.49PARASOLS, valuesup to $2.00 98cHATS 50cPUMPS ANDOXFORDS... $1,99Silk SkirtsValues up to $10.00Special$4.95Twin Bros.Department StoreMain ami 7th Paris, Ky.OVER 75 per cent, of the sugar used in the UnitedStates is delivered by ships. There is producedabout 800,000 tons of beet sugar and 250,000 tons ofcane sugar in Louisiana. The total consumption of theUnited States is about 4,500,000 tons of raw sugar, whichmakes about 4,250,000 tons of refined sugar.If our coasts were blockaded as Germany's now are,we would have available for the use of the people of theUnited States only one pound of sugar for every four weuse. Under such circumstances there is no doubt that theAmerican people would get along on this limited supplywithout complaint.The United States Food Administration is askingevery American household to use not more than twopounds of sugar per person each month for domesticuse. Reducing our sugar consumption here means thatwe will be able to help supply the needs of France, England and Italy. Sugar conservation on the Americantable also means conservation of ships.The Army and Navy have sent out an "S. O. S." callfor ships. "Save Our Ships to Transport Troops andMunitions to France, in order that we-may keep the fighting front where it now is and not allow it to extend toour own homes," is the message.There is ample sugar in the world for all requirements in fact, there is a large surplus, but on accountof the ship shortage it is not available for use in thiscountry.Java, which produces 15 per cent, of the world'scane crop, is too far removed. It requires 150 to 160days for a ship to go to Java and return."THE AMERICAN'S CREED""I believe in the United Statesof America as a Government ofthe peope, by the people, for thepeople; whose just powers arederived from the consent of thegoverned; a democracy in a re-public; a sovereign nation ofmany sovereign States; a per-feet union, one and inseparable;established upon those princi-pies of freedom, equality, jus-tice and humanity for whichAmerican patriots sacrificedtheir lives and fortunes. I,therefore, believe it is my dutyto my country to love it; tosupport its Constitution; toobey its laws; to respect its flagand to defend it agaiist allenemies."te te gaMERCHANTS FAIR TO SOLDIERSAT CAMP SHERMANEARNEST PLEA MADE FOR GRADUATE NURSES.Kentucky and Ohio troops at CampSherman are -not paying exhorbitantprices to Chillicothe merchants according to the finding of an investigating committee working undersanction of Maj. Gen. Hale, commandant, which has been made public. Charge of extortion was published in the Camp Sherman Jewslast week and a howl immediatelywent up from the city. The committee finds that the comparison ofprices was based on Quartermaster'sprices from 1910 to 1916 and wasthus unfair to the merchants.With the filling up of the line regiments and other units of the LincolnDivision by new men from the DepotBrigade, long lists of promotionsamong the older men in service arein order. Several score Kentuckymen have obtained their stripes sincethe division moved from Camp Zachary Taylor, Ky.3 55 ISCURE FOR DYSENTERY."While I was in Ashland, Kansas,a gentleman overheard me speakingof Chamberlain's Colic and DiarrhoeaRemedy," writes William Whitelaw,of Des Moines, Iowa. "He told mein detail of what it had done for hisfamily, but more especially hisdaughter who was lying at the pointof death with a violent attack ofdysentery, and had been given up bythe family physician. Some of hisneighbors advised him to give Chamberlain's Colic and Diarrhoea Remedy, which he did, and fully believesthat by doing so saved the life of hischild. He stated that he had alsoused this remedy himself with equally gratifying results."(adv-aug)1 fc 1Thousands of women are beingMifloyed 1 France s to make war"balloons. ' vA thousand graduate nurses mustbe sent overseas each week for thenext two months to meet the requirements of the Allied armies, according to the word that has reachedParis from Lake Divisi6n Red Crossheadquarters. '$111The "thousand-a-week" request tothe Red Cross has been made by Surgeon Goras, and Miss Anna Gladwin,acting director of the Lake DivisionNursing Bureau, has appealed toRed Cross organizations throughoutOhio, Indiana and Kentucky to speedup enrollment of eligible nurses.In the six months ending July 31,703 nurses had been enrolled fromthese three States 537 from Ohio,136 from Indiana and 30 from Kentucky. Notice has gone out that the payof nurses going into active militaryservice has been increased to $75 amonth for overseas duty and $60 amonth for work in camps and cantonments in America. This is in addition to board and lodging and tothe same War Risk Insurance privileges that are granted soldiers,sailors and marines."Nurses will respond to this imperative call if the people of Pariswill conserve the nurse power andimpress upon the nurses that the'Greatest Mother in the World' musthave thousands of them to meet itsobligation to the Government," saysMiss Galdwin.WAR DRIVE BOOKS TO BE SENTTO LEXINGTON.The American Library AssociationHeadquarters in Washington, hasasked the Lexinsrton Librarv tohandle and ship for the Paris, Ky.,i Library 800 books of fiction and instruction to the soldiers in France.Lexington is one of the few centers which is allowed by the association to send books by Quartermasters freight. It is the only city inCentral Kentucky with this recognition as such. The Lexington Librarywill probably become the shippingcenter for books for soldiers inFrance, for this section of the State.Recently the Lexington Libraryassociation sent 350 volumes toBrooklyn to be sent over to Franceimmediately. These books were contributions from Lexington and Fayette county.151 TSPLACE CONFIDENCE IN SOIL.Confidence in the soil means muchfor good farming. If you believe yoursoil will respond to good tillage youare apt to trust it that far. If you believe your soil will pay for extra investment in lime, drainage and fertilizer you are likely to make thegreater investment. But after all it1is self-confidence, for the soil will bejust what you let it in the' way ofproduction. - ,rv 'w&zim&mM ?&z&3i ---- HSTfiT.EBLEiI!'r XU TJUSTTUSLK'Complaints have reached me fromtime to time of overcrowded trainsand unsatisfactory conditions pre-vailing 'in some sections of the country in passenger train service. I feelcertain that there are grounds forsome of thVse complaints, but I amsure the public will be interested toknow that the reasons are twofold: First The great number of troopsnow being handled over the variousrailroads between the home and thecantonments, between the differentcantonments and then to the seaboard, is making extraordinary demands upon the passenger car andsleeping car equipment of the country. This has caused a scarcity ofday coaches and sleeping cars whichit is impossible to remedy immediately. Secondly The increased demandsupon track and terminal facilitiesfor the transportation of the tremendous amounts of coal, food supplies, raw materials, and other thingsrequired for military and naval operations, -as well as for the support ofthe civil population of the country,force the largest possible curtailmentof passenger train service. The movements of troops and war materialsare, of course, of paramount importance and must be given at all timesthe right of way.It was hoped that the increase inpassenger rates recently made wouldhave the wholesome effect of reducing unnecessary passenger trafficthroughout the country. The smallerthe number of passengers who travel,the greater the number of locomotivesand cars and the larger the amountof track and terminal facilities thatwill be freed for essential troop andwar material movements. Engineers,firemen and other skilled laborerswill also be" released for service ontroop and necessary freight trains.Among the many patriotic dutiesof the American public at this timeis the duty to refrain from travelingunnecessarily. Every man, womanand child who can avoid using passenger trains at this time should doso. I earnestly hope that they willdo so. Not only will they liberateessential transportation facilitieswhich are necessary for war purposes, but they will save moneywhich they can invest in LibertyBonds and thereby help themselvesas well as their country; and thefewer who travel, the more amplethe passenger train service will be.T may add that consistently withthe paramount demands of the war,every possible effort is being madeby the Railroad Administration tosupply the largest possible amount ofcomfortable and prompt passengertrain service.W. G. McADOO,Director General of Railroads.INDIANA PARMER CLEARS 300PER CENT.Y iJWf .Jj -"1See WsForsMl Kinds df5e&FARMMACHINERYand SuppliesA far better investment thanStandard Oil Stock is the returns onthis year's wheat crop secured by aVigo County, Indiana, farmer.According to the county advisor,H. J. Clinebell, this farmer secured awheat yield of 36 bushels to the acre.He planted good seed and used somecommercial plantfood. Where notreatment was given the land, theyield was only 22 bushels per acre.On this same farm where the groundhad been in wheat continuously forten years, by the use of two tons ofground limestone and 200 lbs. of acidphosphate to the acre the yield ofwheat was increased 10 bushels peracre. The increase for the ten acres,after deducting cost of treatment,left ?150 profit on a ?50 investment,or 300 per cent.BAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly RollCream PuffsDoughnuts, Rolls, PiesGROCERYFruitsFresh VegetablesMEATDEPARTMENTRoatsLamb, Veal, PorkBrainsWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376McCormickMowing MachinesandCorn BindersNo better on the market.Have stood the test of years.C. S. BALL GARAGECor.! Fourth and Pleasant Ste .: i: m'm r :XTjheiPendietonShop135 east main st., obp. phoenix hotelLexington, Kentucky:We Extend a Cordial Invitationto Visit Our New Store,and Solicit YourPatronageGOWNSSUITSHATS1::1i3A MAN AND HIS WIFEjnay both derive satisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings us.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40Home Phone 1692IXSXVIL A. M Kk. ! r ' t ta',) jm izmiin w mjFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137NIGHT 2SSCorntr Fifth and Pktsant Strttts, prb, KiIIrT0E6DA.Y, AUGUST 27, 1918,--I dTHE BOTOBOH HEWS, 2ABIS, KENTUCKY.f tttrranruaRr $:nT',ir-3 jr-rj-viiPAGE SEVERPackers9 ProfitsAre RegulatedThe public should understand thatthe profits of the packers have beenlimited by the Food Administrationsince November 1, 1917. For this purpose, the business of Swift & Companyis now, divided into three classes:CiftM 1 includes soch products s beepork, mutton, oteomorcarkit adothers that are essentially animalproducts. Profits are limited to 9per cent of the capital employed inthese departments, (including surplus and borrowed money), or notto exceed two and a half cents oneach dollar of sales.Class 2 includes the soap, clue,fertilizer, and other departmentsmore or .less associated with- themeat business. Many of these departments are in competition withoutside businesses whose profitsare not limited. Profits in this classare restricted to 15 per cent of thscapital employed.Class 3 includes outside investments,such as those in stock yards, andthe operation of packing plants inforeign countries. Profits in thisclass are not limited., Total profits for all departmentstogether in 1918 win pnAably bebetween three and , four per cent onan increased volume of sales.The restrictions absolutely guarantee a -reasonable -relation. betweenlive stock prices and wholesale meatprices, because the packer's profit cannot pornbiy average more than afraction of a cent per pound of productprofiteoq meat (Class 1)are running only about 2 cents on eachdollar of sales, we have to depend onthe profits from soap, ghie, fertilizer(Class 2, abo limited) and other departments (pass 3) to obtain reasonableearnings on capitaLSwift & Company is conductingits business so as to come within thesalimitations.Swift & Company, U.SA.LTBEETY LOAN -EBIHER THEBIGGEST -ANTI-SUN DEI7E.That was some drive which Marshal Foch directed against the Hunswhen he thrust them back from theMarne and sent them skurrying totheir new line of defense along theAisne. Never for a moment did thfilHun-hungry poilous and Yanks stoptheir dashing, smashing attack;never for a moment did they give thebaby butchers a breathing spell;never for a moment was therethought with any one of them ofanything but putting just as manyGermans as possible permanently outof business. It was a world- thrilling exhibition of allied valor, stimulated by typical Yankee punch.If gave the Crown Prince his mostdecisive defeat of the war. It set thePrussian-dominated press of all Germany to camouflauging the situation.It shook the German army moraleand sent the first thrill of apprehension up a-nd down the spine of thewhole German empire. It probablyintimated to Kaiser Bill that afterall the Lord was not altogether holding up his end of the self-appointedpartnership. And it put new spirit,new hope, cew confidence into everywar-weary allied heart.It was a magnificent thrust, butthe biggest anti-Hun drive of themall, the one that will mean more tothe allied cause than the last victoryof the Marne, that will pave the wayfor more tremendous onslaughts thanever, will begin on the 28th of September the fourth Liberty Loandrive.We stay-at-homes could not participate in that glorious Marne victory, but we can, every mother's sonof us, take part in this coming drive.We can make our dollars fight for us.We can show the world at large, ourboys i& the trenches, and the German empire in particular, that theheart of America is in this fight tothe limit.And if our loyalty is genuine, ifour patriotism is simon pure, if oursense of duty is thoroughly alive, wewill do this.Early we will begin laying asidefor our next bond purchase.We will save as they struggle, lendas they fight.And we will buy early.EEED THE YOUNG WHEAT PLANTBy Giving It a Good Start the ChropWill Be Carried MoreThan HalfwayWASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 26.Wheat planted in soil that is provided with the right kinds of plantfoodin proper proportions will producethe best yields, just as young livestock fed a balance ration will makethe best gains in weight. It is therefore necessary, according to theUnited States Department of Agriculture, to supply the elements of plantfood, which are not already availablein sufficient quantity in the soil.This is highly important in planningfor the Liberty Wheat Harvest of1919, for which the Department ofAgriculture is recommending thatAmerican farmers sow at least 45,000,000 acres of winter wheat thisfall. While this acreage, which isan increase of 7 per cent, over lastyear's sowing, is desirable, it is alsoof utmost importance that everymeans be taken to increase the yieldper acre.A NATIONAL CAMPAIGN FOR COLLEGE STUDENT ENLISTMENTS.TELEPHONE COMPANIES RECEIVE THEIR WAR ORDERSPostmaster General Burleson hasissued an order to all telephone companies to confine extensions and betterments and vital commercial needsand to proceed as expeditiously aspossible with plans for consolidatingand unifying telephone plants wherethe consoldiation is desired by thepublic.In cases in which two telephonesystems are operating in the samearea the order directs the companiesOne of the most important announcements issued by the War Department has to do with the Students' Army Training Corps. Members of the S!r A. T. C. are to beable-bodied college students -not under 18 years of age, who are enlisted as privates in this newly-createdcorps of the United States Army.They take along with their educational training such military training as the War Department stipulates. This military training will begiven by competent officers and noncommissioned officers appointed bythe War Department.By this plan students will beequipped for the peace and war needsof the nation.The war needs are enormous ourallies have practically exhaustedtheir reserves of those experts sonecessary to the conduct of a war ofsuch magnitude as the present one.Trained engineers, electricians, transportation experts, doctors, surgeons,accountants the list could be extended indefinitely are just as necessary for winning the war as are thefighters in the trenches. ;The trench fighter can be trainedin a few months, but he must betrained before he does any actualfighting.The specialists -whose work is justas important, also has to be trained.Their training 'takes longer; but itis absolutely necessary "that we provide the trained men, without whomthe fighting men could not go on.The period of training is, in bothcases, part of the, fight,. and the manin training- is doing Jiis bit in thebest possible way.THE BEST PLASTER.A piece of flannel dampened withChapnberlain's Linimehtand boundon over the seat of pain is often moreAWAnliil tf 9 lama hanlr tTlftTI A Tla.H-to co-operate in making extensions ter and oes n0 cost anything likeand betterments, that umification ana mUch.elimination nf waste in money, jnan (adv-aug)TkOWPr orirJ rnaArfnla ma.V be brought ' 11 W &about "in an orderly way and withdue regard to the rights of the own-fnpff.trMHI "HARD SKIN'!vANDI FOOtCALLUSES1l iHiBiHaaHiiHHHIB1, r . . ' "" t ll4 S- H9l P5TJins THE OLD, MILL.Carl Emile Junck, the millionaireimporter of Chicago, said in a RedCross address:"The grain shortage in Germanyis a most hopeful augury for theAllies. Germany one of these dayswill reach the starvation point. Thewar will then end automatically."Grain to-day flows out with suchdangerous slowness to the Germanpeople that it reminds one of the oldstone mill."A miller, you know, had an oldfashioned stone mill that groundvery, very slowly. A customer, afterwatching the mill a while, said:" 'I could eat that meal faster thanyour old mill can grind it.'" 'Mebbe so,' said the old miller.'Mebbe so. But how long conld yekeep on eat in' it?'" "Till I starved,' said the custo-,mer."CATARRHAL DEAFNESS CANNOTBE CUREDBy local applications, as they cannotreach the JHseased portion of the ear.There is only one' way to cure catarrhal deafness, and that is by aconstitutional remedy. Catarrhaldeafness is caused by an inflamedcondition of the mucous lining of theEustachian, Tube. When t this tubeis inflamed you have a rumblingsound or imperfect hearing, andwhen it is entirely closed, deafnessis the result. Unless the inflammation can be reduced and this tube restored to its normal condition, hearing will be destroyed forever. Manycases of deafness are caused by catarrh, which is an inflamed conditionof the mucous surfaces. Hall's Catarrh Medicine acts through theblood on the mucous surfaces of thesystem.We will give One Hundred Dollarsfor any case of Catarrhal Deafnessthat cannot be cured by Hall's Catarrh Medicine. Circulars free. AllDruggists, 75 c.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio,(adv-aug)jn H mANOTHER DR. JEKYLL AND MRHYDE.It seems strange that the productsneeded for the feeding and clothingof our bodies can be used also fordestroying us and our property. Takecotton for instance. In times ofpeace, this product of the Southernfarm is woven into clothing, its seedsfurnish, us oil,- feed and fertilizer.It is transformed into the movingpicture film lhat entertains and instructs us. But when internationaldisputes arise, this same cotton isturned into an explosive that destroysMagic?! Peel them off withoutpain or sorenesslHMl(tmMtll(lluMlltmiHlllHl.llHlltmMDon't suffer I A tiny bottle of Freezone costs but a few cents at any drugstore. Apply a few drops on thetoughened calluses or "hard skin" onbottom, of 'ieet, then lift those painfulspots right off with fingers. Corns also!J ,When you peel off oorns or calluseswith' ,3reene the skin beneath is leftpink arid healthy and never sore, tenderor even irritated. Try .breezone sureiDISTRICT BOARD ANNOUNCESLIST OF NON-ESSENTIALS.WASHINGTON, August 26. Thefact that there now is a shortage inwar work of 1,000,000 unskilledlaborers and that the reserve of skilled workers is exhausted developedThursday at a conference of fieldagents of the Federal EmploymentService. Further curtailment of nonessential production is planned to release men for war work.The labor shortage is so seriousthat completion of a number of important war projects for the army andnavy is being delayed, it was statedat the conference. The field agentsdecided that the only way in whichthe needed laborers could be securedwas to take them from non-essentialindustries.The following are the industrieswhich the District Board, the first tomake an announcement, has listedas non-essential:Automobile industry accessories,drivers of pleasure cars, cleaning, repairing and delivery of same, sightseeing cars, auto trucks, other thanthose hauling fuel or doing Government work, teaming other than delivery of products for war work, bathand barber shop attendants, bowling,billiard and pool rooms, bottlers,cigars and tobacco, cleaners anddyers, clothing, confections anddelicatessen establishments, buildersand contractors not engaged in erecting structures for war work, dancingacademies, mercantile stores, florists,fruit stands, junk dealers, livery andsales stables, pawnbrokers, peanutvenders, shoe-shining shops, windowcleaners, soft drink establishments,soda fountain supplies.m i JA BILIOUS ATTACK.When you have a bilious attackyour liver fails to perform its functions. You become constipated. ,Thefood you eat ferments in 'your stomach and causes nausea, vomiting anda terrible headache. Take three ofChamberlain's Tablets. They willtone jip your liver, clean out yourstomach and you will soon be as wellas ever. They only cost a quarter.adv-aug)Girl bus drivers inf London receive$2 per day,' with an additional warbonus of ?1.25 weekly.WHEN YOU BUYBREEZEYOU WANT YOURMONEY'S WORTH !c isHaw many acres of that 45 millionacres, of winter with which Uncle! ad mutilates, all that it coines inersoftheproperUesandthfeeonven- o problem? noT your neighl ontaet with. 1-Indiana FarmerCheap breeze is more important to you than cheap fans; because the fans are paid for oncerthe breeze continually.UPesttogboiw Tans :have proved their ability to givethe most breeze for the least expenditure, and for this reasonare money savers.Paris Gas & Electric Co.-U "' rijtsfj -. vIF YOU ARE THINKING ABOUT APIPIIESIFliNACELET US FIGURE WITH YOUSatisfaction guaranteed. We are agents for theLAUREL FURNACE. None better made.We are also exclusive agents for theViking Cream SeparatorsCall and let us show them to you.LOWRY&MAY" wi " fr r-HELP WIN THE WAR!P Spend your vacation on the farm helping harvestthe American crop, then take the proceeds of this laborand purchaseWar Savings StampsTelephone your farmer friend. He will be glad tohear f rpm youPARIS HOME TELEPHONETELEGRAPH CO.(Incorporated.)W. H. CANNON.J. J. VEATCH.District Managerlocal Manager: - ' :i ." : 1Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4 West Fifh StreetI1KIyWmirWMiTfcX'; trtSW'inV II fSi77S)Tt3M MEt1mKm &wi mmmwiC'.vrTij" j -&i1 'ISATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!A -I TAfrli oil n 1nAniwtnAT.nH0 ments in laundry appliancesJ y-:-l and expert helpers we rer k -' Sri prepared to do work -irife-srf nor to none, and solicita-v J your patronage.The Bourbon LaundryParis, KentuckymIKIKIKIKIa mIiIIKINow is the Timeto Figure on YourPAINTINGAND PAPERINGLet us make an estimate for you-beforeplacing your order. Call usover Home Phone 399.KANE BROS.Send That Next Job of Printing: to ThBourbon News. Best Work; Right PricesVIfenceof-the,pullic" , -vlwrjs: - " . fruu .VXn. f ., r-n"tf'wuniitHTHE. BOURBON NEWS, PARIS. KY.'I'tfESDAY, AUGUST 27, Iflg!2jjT i 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 m m 1 1 1 n 1 1 1 1 1 i i n 1 1 n 1 1 m 1 1 1 1 1 i.cgag THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMOI Tie J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMBRSand SixthstreetsParis Ky.r-k... (.. -3or Home 286 JMotor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with our."limousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.iHiKIIIIHilllllllTIIMi 1 J t, f i r t..y..T. -... J f I n imijTuesday, August 27th"The Kaiser"VThe Beast of BerlinThe latest and -most timely super-photoplaysdealing with the world war.aVYM. DUNCANIn the Fifth Episode ofA Fight for Millions"Wednesday, August 28thJack PickfordINMile-a-Minute KendallJust as swift as the name implies. Youcan't go wrong in going to see Jack Pickford any time.ALSOCOMEDY AND PATHE NEWSFEATUREPricesThursday, August 29thAlice BradyINThe Ordeal of RosettaA tense photo-drama of metropolitan life,superbly acted and produced.ALSOMutt and Jeff, in "Hotel De Mutt,"and Pathe News.At the Alamo-Children5c-war tax lc; Adulta 13c-war tax 2c.At gftuJ5SSSl9,Sl?j,(?fldren 5c-war tax lc; Adult 13c-war tax 2c.Colored persons, Children 5c-war tax lc; Adults lOc-war tax lc.IN THE SERVICEOF THEIR COUNTRYj -ILLERSBURG""Millersburg was well represented-3 0 Swing Fair during the entireMiss Aleta Wilson was the guest- tEJCss Opal Hendrick, of Flemingsr3kmrg, from Friday until Monday.Mrs. C. R. Jones and daughter,SKiss Elizabeth Jones, are visiting-JSIzs. Frank Moore, at Lexington, Va.Mrs. Ellen A. Pruitt, of Stan-vgnrA, arrived Saturday as the guestcST foar son, Mr. M. E. Pruitt, andSiainHy.'ICesdames O. W. Ingels, J. 0."Balls and A. T. Maffett left Monday- v3ac ja two-weeks' sojourn at Swango I- Springs.Rev. J. M. Dunn, of Austin,""fflexaSr'was the guest of his nephew,SEcraC E. Pruitt, and family, from21iirday until Monday.Miss Mary Agnes Purnell has ac-osited a position in the Quartermas3tees Department, Washington, D. C,.ixa has entered on her position.aFOR SALE My home on Main".Street. ''"For particulars please call-sb. or address,? '-JET-St) 1V1RS. TMATTIE PURNELL.Miss Nannie Clarke"apxiday from ColumbiaDEATHS.CRAM.The body of Dr. C. D. Cram, whoaiea m a California hospital somedays ago, was brought Sunday to hisold home at Williamstown for interment. Dr. Cram formerly resided inParis, where he was successful inbuilding up a large practice.. MITCHELLBonnie Blatcher Mitchell, agedthirteen, adopted son of Mr. and Mrs.Frank Mitchell, of Shakspeare, thiscounty, died at the Massie MemorialHospital, Saturday morning, aftera short illness of spinal meningitis.The boy had been visiting friends inSunrise, Harrison county, when hewas seized with an attack of spinalmeningitis. His foster parents werej.umj ouimuuueu. uy leiepuone-. Jrnysicians advised his removal to theMassie Hospital, where h wasbrought Friday afternoon. He lingered until Saturday at noon, whendeath ensued. ,The boy was brought from theChildrens' Home, in Louisville, sev-returned i eral months ago to make his futureCollege. I home with Mr. and Mrs. Mitchell. He' -Columbia, Mo., where she has been! became an instant favorite by reasonSaikans' a special course tfor several ot his sunny disposition, and. repaidvzmeeks. Ins foster-parents' kindness towardkittle Miss Katherine Vanght him with every ounce of a gratefulHwfiy returned Friday after a several , nature.The funeral will be held in the Mil-lersburg Cemetery at 2:3f o'clockthis afternoon, with services conduct-RELIGIOUS.itoeeks' visit to her aunts, Mesdames" K-ISL'and A. M. Vaught, Indianap-Mr. and Mrs. S. M. Allen and , ed at the grave.StauBghter, Miss Bush Allen, returnedJS&nda& after a ten-days' visit to theV&tCkEfs parents, Mr. and Mrs. Ephzfrasni Wood, at Sanford.Mrs. T. D. Judy and sister, Miss' "i'&zxj '"H. Taylor, returned FridayrJs, jxfteria several weeks' visit to theirX "J3ocol)xzTf Mr. Richard Taylor, and1-s.i Si-nriVir n.t. 'St. ".Tnsenh- Mo., and alsox. -.aTrisit to relatives in Indiana. Revival meetings being held in- ". Rev. W. W. Morton, of Georgia, the Little Rock Christian church areprwwShed at the Presbyterian church well attended. Rev. Clyde Darsie, ofSanday morning and conducted un- j Mt Sterling, is doing the preaching.1naes-vices in the same .place in the The song service is in charge of Miss-r6aing. He was favorably received ' Freddie Filmore, of Cincinnati.saul a call may be extended him by : The revival being conducted atjfcB Church. j the Beaver Baptist church, in Harri-3in. the case of Billy "Miller, color- son county, by Rev. R. C. Goldsmith,r- ei, on trial before Police Judge J. H. pastor of the Paris Baptist church, isF- 5Searsrt, .on a 'acharge of bringing progressing nicely. Large crowds at-""'liqcrer into a local option community, : tend each service.I'T&fceHmit of the law, $100 fine, and The Pastors' Aid Society of theJKfcF days in the Paris jail, was given Presbyterian church will sew at the"StunT The case was prosecuted by .Red Cross 'sewing room to-day (Tues-' XtourftyAttorney David D. Clihe. Mil-j day.) There will be plenty of work&sc based his defense on the assertion for all. The members are urged to.2oct he had brought the liquor to, be present.- .iS&r city for his personal use. This 1 The sessions of the Elkhorn- - was -overruled by the Court. Miller Baptist Association will be held inamished bond and will take the the Paris Baptist church, on Septem-jaee to the Bourbon Circuit Court , ber 4 and 5. At the BaDtist church in-ran an appeal. Georgetown, Sunday, delegates wereselected to represent the congregationat the Paris meeting.4KOTICE, TAX PAYERS.Your time is growing veryihmt. Come to our office inihe Court House and bring us3fur property lists. It will save3Tu the penalty.WALTER CLARK,AVllllill331Uircia IUI DUUIUUHjCunty.JNO. J. REDMON, Deputy.taug23-tf)fe to feto fe toDIRECTOR OF HOME SERVICE TOBE HERE SATURDAY.REAL ESTATE DEALS.Mr. M. G. Fryman, of Carlisle,""jpurchased Friday of Mrs. Lutie Be-craft, her five-room cottage in East- 3arls, for a price not given out forjpuhlication. Mr. Fryman will moveto the property from his present res-.-idence near Carlisle. The sale wasaaade through Harris & Speakes, real"estate agents, of Paris.APPOINTED TRUSTEE.In the County Court Judge Bat--tertonappointed the First National. "Bank, of Paris, as trustee of the estate of Waldo Jett, who resides nearTPaxis. Jett's relatives recently petitioned the naming of a trustee," cls'mlng that Jett was incompetent5z2? attend to his business .affairs.The ladies of Paris and Bourboncountv. and anv others who mav ha' ?Tlf nrootojl 4t 4-Tia TTnnia Qaywrin mAirament in this city and county are asked to attend a meeting which will beheld in the Circuit Court room In thecourt house at three o'clock, Saturday afternoon.At this meeting will be presentMiss Laura Veach, of Cincinnati,Acting Director of the Home Serviceof the Cincinnati Red Cross Chapter.Miss Veach has had a large and varied experience in the Home Servicework. She will address the ladies onthe demands and needs of the workWith her large experience, havinghelped in the supervision of numbersof Home Service departments, she willbe able to bring a message of encouragement and to give the workersan idea of 'what is to be done here.Miss Veach spent six weeks of thissummer in Montreal, Canada, withMiss Helen Reid, of the Canadian Patriotic Fund, and will tell somethingof the work that has been accomplished' there. As Miss Veach will remain 'over in Paris, Sunday, it isprobable that another meeting willbe arranged with the same object inJ view. This will be announced latex.(Continued from Page 1)share to its upbuilding. After thewar is won, which pray God may itbe quite speedily, we want these fellows back to finish their work."Dan Roche, Jr., ("Son") formerlyof Paris, is now on foreign soil as amember of a company in one of theCanadian regiments. Young Rocheenlisted in Canada some months agoas the surest means of being sentoverseas for active service.Private Ford Fithian, of Paris, hasbeen transferred to Company C, FirstProvisional Guard, and Special DutyTraining Battalion, 155th DepotBrigade, at Camp- Lee, in Virginia.Mr. Fithian says several Paris boysare at Camp Lee, but that he hasnot seen any of them as yet.In accordance with a general planto mobilize all the medical talent ofthe country in a win-the-war program, all the physicians in Kentuckyunder fifty-five years of age, are tobe classified for service and listed sothat if Uncle Sam needs them for anybranch of his mighty military establishment they will be ready for duty.E. Coulthard Fritts, son of Mr.Clark Fritts, formerly of Paris, hasinvented an apparatus which theGovernment has adopted in connection with the high velocity aerialphotography service. He has been detailed to Rochester, N. Y., where hehas been placed in charge of the manufacture of the apparatus at a largeplant there.Mrs. Durand Whipple, who hasbeen spending the summer withi herparents, Mr. and Mrs. E. M. Dickson,Stoner avenue, has returned fromCamp Dix, in New Jersey, where- herhusband, Maj. Durand Whipple, hasbeen stationed as a member of theJudge Advocate-General's staff.Maj. Whipple sailed for France recently with other members of thestaff.Mr. Anderson Cabal, of CabalBros., received a letter Saturday fromOwen Gibson, recently of Paris, nowin the service of Uncle Sam at CampHancock, in Georgia in which he conveyed the information that he hadhad been promoted to the rank ofSergeant. Mr. Gibson was a ruralmail carrier from the local postofficebefore his induction into the armyservice.Mr. Jos,. Sullivan, the Eighthstreet grocer, is in receipt of an interesting letter from James Munson,a "Paris boy, who is in the naval service. Mr. Munson has made fiveround trips overseas on a U. S. shipdoing transport duty. He statesthat ' his ship was engaged on onetrip in a battle with a German submarine, in which the submarine wassunk. The battle lasted twenty-fourhours.4THE NEWS has been handed several interesting letters from soldiersand sailors for publication in the"Letter From Soldiers and Sailors"column. These will be printed inour next issue, owing to the fact thatthey were received too late for publication in that department in today's issue. The letters are genuinely interesting and well worthreading.A postcard to THE NEWS fromIreland "Bit" Davis, recently ofParis, now at the Vancouver cantonment, near Vancouver, Wash., statesthat the "misfits'.' are all well andexceedingly busy all the time. Mr.Davis States that he is driving a bigGovernment auto-truck. He recentlymet Lieut, and Mrs. R. Davis Hutchcraft, of Paris, the former being inthe service at a Pacific coast cantonment.to to toMATRIMONIAL. '"A marriage license was issuedSaturday from the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton to Mr. WilliamReffett and Miss Susan C. Ferguson,both of this county.Japan has superceded China asthe chief source of supply for teaused in thex United States.to to MiThere is a schoolhouse in Provi-denoe, R. I., which -has been in continuous use for 118 years.(RECREATION POR GIRLS IN THESMALL KENTUCKY TOWNSURGED.The need for proper recreation forthe young girl in small towns of Kentucky was stressed by Mrs. MargaretThoroman State Chairman of theHealth and Recreation Committee,Council of National Defense. Withinthe past month, forty delinquentgirls, all from Kentucky towns, havebeen stranded in Louisville and havebeen dealt with by the social workers and law enforcement authoritiesof Louisville.With the men concentrated in thecantonments, the social and recreational life of the town Is dead andthe girls want to swarm to the city.The Woman's Committee is urgingupon its county chairmen the needfor providing recreational activitiesfor the girls, and is attempting toarouse a sense of social responsibilityin meeting this problem. The use ofthe school house as a community center for social intercourse is themethod advised. Community singing,which is being organized all over theState, will provide another avenueof interest. d"Make your town attractive, sothat the girls will want to stay init," says Mrs. Thoroman.. "They aresafer there. Utilize their surplus energy in war work and give them theright kind of recreational opportunities and they will be more willing tostay at home.to to toHOT WEATHER BARGAINS.Men's $14.00 Palm Beach Suits- reduced to $8.75.TWIN BROTHERS'(aug6-tf ) CLOTHING STORE:MEXICAN FLOATING' GARDENSDATE BACK TO AZTEC ERAThe famous Mexican "floating gardens," which are vividly shown in atour of Mexico,, a feature of LymanH. Howe's newest Travel Festival,which come to the Paris Grand onMonday, September 9th, are in reality centuries old.The floating gardens are actuallysmall farms constructed on densemasses of tangled roots on the Mexican lakes. The method of constructing these gardens dates back toAztec days. The ancient Aztecswere very ingenious, in fact theircivilization is the oldest in the Americas, and, in many ways, was in advance of contemporary Europeancivilization.The motion picure tour of Mexico is both quaint and picturesque.For the first time the real Mexico isshown to Americans, for the seriesembraces everything from nativelife in the interior scenes in cosmopolitan Mexico City,Other features of the Howe program show how ferocious wild animanls are captured alive in theRockies, sensational aviation stuntsby the U. S. Marines, a perilous canoetrip throughr the jungles of SouthAmerica to Kaieteur Falls and newscenes in natural colors of the beauties of Southern, France. There willalso be a clever animated reproduction of the famous Red Cross poster"Greatest Mother in the World,"'and a peculiar "freak" film whichdisplays some amazing results inthe way of scenic distortions.Amusing cartooa? comedies will befreely interspersed throughout theprogram; of courae, and there will bea number of patriotic film noveltiesfrom the Lyman H. Howe studio.to to to 'BATHING SUITSBathing Suits from 75c up.TWIN BROTHERS'(aug6-tf ) CLOTHING STORE.INSURANCE!FIRE TORNADO AUTOMOBILE HAILWatch for tht txplration off your policies?and Itt us have' stmt off your renewals'YERKES & PEEDAt Farmers &Tradcrs Bank-I3iYOUR LAST OPPORTUNITY!FINAL SALE!WE ARE COMPELLED TOSELL THE BALANCE OFOURHigh Grade Men's,Women's &Childrea sSUMMER SHOESOXFORDSPUMPS$&-kferRegardless of CostIn Order to Make Room ForOurFALL FOOTWEAR!y yf f fr iff( Jm&-lJLadies' most beautiful Grey, Mahogany, Tan, White and Black Boots, Oxfords andPumps, Walk-Over and other famous makesAT FINAL CLEARANCE SALE PRICES!Ladies' Canvas Boots and Pumps, $3.00values, at $1 .99Ladies' Black Kid English Oxfords andPumps, $4.00 values, at $2.99Ladies' Patent Kid Button Shoes, $3.50values at $1.99Ladies' Patent and Dull Kid Pumps,Louis and Low Heels,$4.00 values . . $2,49Ladies' Mahogany Tan Col. Pumps, LouisHeel, Welts, $4.50 values at $2.99Ladies' White Canvas --Oxfords andPumps, $2.50 values at $ 1 .69Ladies'Kid and G.M. Shoes and Slippers,broken sizes, $3.50-$4.00 values. . SI .49Ladies White Sport Canvas 1 A AOxfords, $2.00 values,at...$lVUMen's White Canvas Oxfords, rubbersoles, $3.00 values, at $ 1 v99Men's and Boys' G. M. Shoes and Ox- 'fords, $3.00 values at ....$1.99Men's Tan andG. M. English Shoes,Walk-Over,all sizes,$4.50 values. . .$3.49Men's G. M. Eng. Oxfords, best makes rall sizes, $4.00 values, at $2.99Boys' Black Lace School Shoes, $2.50values, at $ .79Children's Patent and White CanvasPumps, $1.50 values at 99cWhite Tennis Oxfords, AQn75c values at : fKfCDANParis' Greatest Shoe StoreCOHENWhere Beauty and Economy Reignr