' h t,:,V-THENEWSPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR,VOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, MARCH 19, 1918BOURBON- - Iff vCSllZL-S5:VVIN THE SERVICE OF THEIRCOUNTRY.Mr. Marion Thomas, who is amember of the Dr. Barrow BasoIHospital Unit at Camp Zachary Taylor, was at home several days atNorth Middletown, on a furlough.Mr. Thomas reports all the Bourboncounty boys as "doing nicely."Sergt. Allie Detwiller has return--edto his soldier duties at Camp-Zachary Taylor after a visit to relatives in North Middletown. Sergt.Detwiller says the boys are all ingood health and not one regrets being in the service.Among recent returns to Bourbonon furlough was private LevetteRichards, of near Paris, who is amember of an infantry regiment stationed at Camp Hancock, Georgia.Private Richards is in good healthand likes the service.Mr. Ed. R. Eales, of Paris, nephewof Messrs. Wm. and Frank Remington, of Paris, has enlisted in the U. S.army service and has been assignedto the Quartermaster's Departmentfor active duty. Mr. Eales voluntarilyresigned a remunerative positionwith the Arm & Hammer Brand SodaCo., in order to. get into the serviceof Uncle Sam. His brother, Mr. Frazier Eales, who has been residing inIllinois, is now in France with thoAmerican Expeditionary Force. Theyare both sons of the late Frazierand Sadie Remington Eales, of Paris.Lieut. Richard Huffman, who hasbeen visiting friends and relatives inMillersburg, on a short furlough, returned Sunday to his duties at CampGrant, at Rockford, Illinois.Mr. and Mrs. James S. Douglass,of Paris, have received a letter fromtheir son, Mr. Marion Douglass,announcing his safe arrival "somewhere in France," as a member ofthe American Expeditionary Force,stating that he was well and contented. Mr. Barney Gartland, son of Mr.and Mrs. James Gartland, formerlyof Bourbon county, writes to Parisfriends, announcing his safe arrivalin France as a member of the American Expeditionary Force. Mr. Gartland, who is an expert mechanic, isa member of Company B., 20th U. S.Engineering Corps.Mr. H. C. Faris, of Fleming county,was a guest several days of his sister, Mrs. S. E. McClanahan, in Paris.Mr. Faris recently passed the required physical examination and enlistedin the service, expecting a call toduty soon. wDr. Nathan Feld, of Camp Wadsworth, N. C, was a recent guest ofhte'Uncle, Mr. David Feld, in Paris.Dr. Feld and Dr. Milton J. Stern, thelatter of Paris, are in the same company at Camp Wadsworth. Dr. Sternis rapidly assuming soldierly proportions, now weighing 180 pounds.Corporal Paul Brannon, of CampZachary Taylor, spent Sunday inParis with his parents, Mr. and Mrs.Barney Brannon. Corp. Brannon'says the new arrivals from Bourbonare rapidly becoming used to camplife and doing well.Lieut. Hugh Campbell, of the Quartermaster's DeDartment. at Jefferson -ville, Indiana, came in Sunday, on avi3it to his mother, Mrs. J. H.Campbell and other relatives. Lieut.Campbell is in an important branchof the service, being an assistantsupervisor of the clerical forces inthe immense Government warehousesat Jeffersonville.Wallace Kiser, of Paris, who hasbeen stationed in the aviationbranch of the army service at CampTaliaferro, near Ft. Worth, Texas, ishome on a furlough. Mr. Kiser isvisiting his parents, Mr. and Mrs.wqivot- mspr .Ticar Kiserton. andother relatives in Paris and thecounty. He will go from here toPhiladelphia, where he has beentransferred.Mr. Robert L. Frank, of Paris, received a letter Sunday from hisbrother, Dr. Ben Frank, at San Diego,Cali., enclosing a photo of himself"in the khaki." Dr. Frank is nowFirst Lieutenant in the aviationcorps service at Rockwell Field, theaviation training camp near San"Diego, and is making a fine record.Mr. A. Percy Adair, of near Paris,has gone to Demopolis, Ala., to takecharge temporarily of a farm, belonging to his son, Mr. Allen Adair.Young Adair was called to the colorsdnd when his father was so informedhe left immediately for Demopolis,accompanied by "his younger son, Mr.Hiram Adair.INCOME TAX BLANKS.Returns for income taxes-must be filed with theCollector before April 1,1918. We can supplyblanks and will be gladto help you make your returns. 'i FIRST. NATIONAL BANK,Paris, Kentucky.15mar-2t)PUBLIC SALE OF DESIRABLE&ESIDJNUE.Recently we announced that theMisses Lutie and Winnie Williamsi ntAf! with, ua for nriyate saletheir hJandsome two-story brick residence at 820 Pleasant street. Wowish, now to inform the public thatwe have been told to sell this fine-,- .. nubile auction, on Saturday. March 23, 1918, at 11 o'clock,(5:-t); HARRIS. SFMAXM?COUNCIL PROCCEDINGS.At the recent meeting of the CityjCouncil, with Mayor E. B. Januarypresiding, and a full board present,after the regular routine business hadbeen transacted, Mayor Januarymade a statement showing that thecity owned interest amounting tonearly $500, on a note of the city'sfor the Massie Memorial Hospital,due since June, 1916.A proposed ordinance forbiddingchildren to use the pavements in thecity for rollerskating was lost by avote of 4 to 3.While the Council was in sessionFire Chief Lancaster announced receipt of a long distance messagefrom the Winchester Fire Department and Mayor Garner, telling ofthe big fire there and asking aid.Mayor January ordered an immediateresponse to the appeal. The autopatrol wagon with two firemen and1,000 feet of hose, was sent to Winchester. The Paris Water Co. was instructed to have the water plugs in allparts of the city flushed in order toget the accumulated mud from themains.Owing to the fact that the Government will not permit the sale ofcrude petroleum for street oiling purposes, Mayor January announced that jmore man iieiy it wouia De impossible to get a supply for that purposethis summer.The Light Committee asked for further time in considering the lightingcontract for the city with the ParisGas & Electric Co.A bill for $7.50 per day, for twentydays, presented by Mrs. Marie Darnaby, trained nurse, for nursing asmall-pox patient at the Massie Memorial Hospital, was referred to theFinance Committee.The collection of $1,567.01 in backtaxes from Mr. W. L. Yerkes, refereein bankruptcy for R. B. Hutchcraft,was reported to the Council by CityAttorney Denis Dundon.The old Schwartz limekiln wasdesignated as the public dumpingground, and persons using any otherplace for such purpose will be subjectto a fine.A communication from State Sanitary Engineer D. P. Curry to CityHealth Officer A. H. Keller, was read,alleging the city supply of water wasunfit for railroad uses. A motionwas adopted that the Mayor be instructed to have the City HealthOfficer take the matter up and havethe mains flushed. A petition presented from the citizens living onBrooks street, protesting against thecondition of that street, and askinglelief, was referred to the Improvement Committee.'REAL ESTATE DEALS AND LANDSALES.The residence and store-roomproperty of the Cline heirs in NorthMiddletown, which was advertised inTHE NEWS to be sold at public auction Saturday, was bid up to $1,925and withdrawn.Mr. S. E. Bedford, who recentlysold his fine farm near Paris, haspurchased through the Edwards Realty Exchange the home of Mr. andMrs. George Judy, on Cypress street,for a. nrir.fi not made public. Mr.and Mrs. Judy will move to their cottage on Twelfth street.Mr. Clarence Wright sold to Mr.Gftnrere B. Leeds. 108 acres of landlocated on the Hume & Bedford pike,near Paris at $200 per acre. Mr.Wright bought the farm several yearsago from Mr. Chas. E. Butler. Mr.Leeds has moved to the farm.Mr. John C. Leer sold to Messrs.James Caldwell, of near Paris, JackThaxton and Alex Miller, of Millersburg, the Leer farm, located on theMillersburg and Headquarters pike,-near Millersburg, for $50,000. Thefarm contains 290 acres. The purchasers get immediate possession ofthe land and all the stock, crop,,etc., on the place.Mr. John Denton has rented of Mr.George Bioderick the torty-two acrefarm on the Ruddles Mills pike recently purchased by him from Mr.Geo. Leeds, for $30 per month andhalf the crop raised on the premises.At the pubile renting of the Jno.B. Hildreth farm, or seventy-fiveacres, conducted Saturday by Auctioneer M. F. Kenney, for Mr. Kenney Houston, committee for Mr Hildreth, the place was withdrawnwhen the bid of $1,135 for rental for1918 was reached. The farm is located on the Hawkins & Cumminspike, near Ctenterville.EXCLUSIVE AGENCY POR ARCADIA FARM PRODUCTS.We have secured the exclusiveagency for Bourbon county of the famous Arcadia Farm Products PeachButter, Apple Butter, StrawberryPreserves, Strawberry Jam and ChileSauce. These products are maae onfh Arcadia Farm, and are made fromhome recipes by Kirgan Bros. Theyhave become famous for their goodnimiitie and excellent flavor. TheyrA used at th$ moBt exclusive cafeand hotels, such. as the Sinton, Gib-D TTmiKA Seelbach ana otners. inej-nrn made at the home of KirginBros., in Ohio.WDLMOTH & CO.,.Exclusive Agents for Bourbon Co(8-tf)SHEEPLLERS AT WORK."Cur dogs have been killing slieep-Tr.r farms in Bourbon county.Tiiev recently killed two ewes and abuck onr the farm of Blr. A. B. Han-nrv-near Paris. A farm hand discovered the- dogs among the flock ofsheep and succeeded in killing two.Report oC dogs lcillinsheepHavecometrwn 0tnr' parts tof the" CWuntyTHE TOBACCO MARKETS.At the sale held at the Independeat warenouse, .friaay, atotal of21,100 pounds of tobacco wasdis-posed of at an average of $33.71.Some of the crop averages were asfollows:Houston & Jones, 3,225 pounds;average $41.98.Jacoby & Gray, 2,300 pounds; average $38.34.I. N. Keller & Son, 5,015 pounds: Daniels, who was killed by an interaverage $33.79. urban car almost in front of herWm. Whaley, 2,255 pounds; aver- home near Nineteenth street, inage $40.67. August, 1917. The evidence showedJ. C. Keller & Taylor, 2,580 that Mrs. Daniels attempted to crosspounds; average $25.18. I the company's track ahead of an in-Gaines Dudley, 5,515 pounds; av- coming car in order to mail a letter,erage $27.88. It was alleged by the Company thatAt the Independent sale held yes- she could not hear the car as the re-terday a total of 35,640 pounds of tobacco was disposed of for an averageof $35.67. The Independent will,sell every day this week except Fri-'day and Saturday. The last sale of.the season (and the only sale of theweek) will be held Wednesday,!March 27. Some of the crop avei-1ncpe nc VPatorHav'c calo nrara ac? FiVI-lows: jT. J. Fleminsr. 7.190 nounds: av-erage $38.73.Deglaw & Knight, 3,180 pounds;average $29.25.Lyons & Ewalt, 2,615 pounds; average $30.49.Lail & Estes, 2,645 pounds; average $35.34.Bell Bros & Moore,, 9,80 pounds;average $38.14.SPRING HATS.Are making their appearance. Theheat, lookiner hats vnn nntir.p. nn thfistreet comes from here $4 and $5.:der' Oscar Johnson, murderJ. W. DAVIS & Cd.Pa fca PaFor fire, wind, lightning and automobile!insurance,see Yerkes& Peed, at Farmers &Traders Bank.?a iTHE ESSENCE OF HYPOCRISYOne of the speakers at a recentconvention of the "National Party"proclaimed that there could be nohope for America or her allies in thiswax ii mtjir somiers continued me'"?? ??? L" a"J JomV. JK? ?-vici ou iiiaujr ujl tue piULLiuillUUIblSstampeded out of the convention andjoined this "National Party!" Havingused the war so successfully to secureliquor prohibition legislation, theyare impatient to begin their crusadefor the prohibition of tobacco.STILL IN HOSPITAL.Mr. Marion Johnson, of NorthMiddletown, who was badly injuredin the Pastime Theatre disaster inWinchester, last week? is still in theClark County Hospital, with goodprospects of remaining some time.His leg was broken in two places.WE KNOW MOWRev Clothes for BoysTHE KINDWILL$5.00 to $15.00Suits With Two Pairs Trousers.Select Your4 Boy's Suit Early, While the, Assortment is Large.MITCHELL &vu;iub iiai mannauanaBOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.The trial of the damasrA suit nfMr"- K. F. Daniel, of Paris and Lon-an, Ky., vs. the Kentucky Traction& Terminal Co., which has occupiedthe time of the Court for two days,was concluded Friday, when the jurycame in with a verdict in favor ofdefendant. The suit was for damagesin the sum of $20,000 for the deathof the plaintiff's wife, Mrs. Elizabethsuit of her wearing a sun-bonnet.Arguments were made in the case forthe Traction Company by Col. JohnR. Allen, of Lexington, and for Mr.Daniel by Judge Denis Dundon, ofParis.The prisoners in the Paris jail un-der indictment were brought- intoCOUrt. fl-Tld a.rra.lmP.fJ. Thft follOw'tlErentered pleas of guilty: Frank John-son, concealed weapons; uan Jtsiaca-burn, housebreaking; Tom Adams,selling liquor in local option territory, second offense; Walter Johnsonand Wm. Rogers, stealing tobaccofrom James McClure, and a secondoffense for stealing tobacco from EdBurke; Chas. Boyd, shooting with, intent to kill. The following enteredpleas of not guilty, and will come totrial: John McKee Johnson, housebreaking: Elmer Reed and LeslieDouglas, grand larceny, two cases;Milt. Green, housebreaking; BudRoss; same; John Henry Harp, mur-All theprisoners are colored except WalterJohnson, Wm. Rogers, John HenryHarp and Oscar Johnson. The casesI oi tne latter two men nuve ueeii uuu-tinued to the June termThe casesof the others were set for to-day.The case of theAmalgamated Roofing Co., vs. J. H. Stivers was triedyesterday. Special Judge Newell gavethe jury peremptory instructions tofind for Mr. Stivers. To-day will bedevoted to hearing motions, and tohearing criminal cases.ea pa aREPAIRING NEATLY DONE.T f .. rp1iT1p -Pnair and fix UDthoetSummernciottPellr Two lady experts employed by us for that purpose.. ELECTRIC DRY CLEANING CO.(19-2t)' CAN'T GLUT THE MARKETA good many tobacco beds havebeen burned and sown during thepast few days. The high price of theweed will make our farmers anxiousto set a full crop this year, and yetthe scarcity of labor and the highcost of new barns will keep the cropfrom being large enough to glut themraket.THAT YOULIKEH'ERE'Sa:i wing of Boys'that is pro-Clothesnouncea tne season smost interesting because itinvolves so large a style rangeand such excellence of fabrics. We Know JustWhat Boys Like I-"-It's Our Businessto Make Young---stersHappy . . .We have studied their dernands and our Suits are madeto meet the' needs of REALBOYS, ftetf military ideasthat Boys' wa?tfl Snappystyles and patterns in allwool.cloth.BLAKEMORE jomns , neuieion aaoeirmGETTING READY FOR THE NEXTDRAFT CALL.County Clerk Pearce Paton, formerCounty Judge Charles A. McMillan,and Dr. Silas Evans, composing- theBourbon County Board of Exemption,have arranged and classified the fiftycolored registrants who will be called to the colors from this county forar,my service.These men will be called to reportto the Board on March. 29. The fiftymen named below will compose thequota who will be ordered to reportleady for service at Camp ZacharyTaylor. One of the men named in thelist in the Bourbon county jail andtwo others are yet to be examined,so three more names have been added to the list to take the places ofthese men if they are unable to accompany the other members of thedraft to Camp Taylor.In connection with the draft calithe District Board in session at Lexington has made a ruling that allregistrants who have married sinceNovember 15, will be placed in ClassA-l, regardless of their claims fordeferred classification on the groundsthey have dependent wives. TheBoard has decided that any registrant who married after that datedid so knowing that he would likelybe called for military service, as thequestionnaire was in effect at thattime. The drafted man, may, however, claim deferred classification onother grounds, such as industrial oragricultural.The nanies of the fifty-three colored men from Bourbon county whowill compose the next draft are asfollows:6 (1,455) Henry Ward Beecher.8 (1,117) Orville Lee Britton.9 (837) Chas. Henry Butler, Jr.10 (337) Sam Biddle.13 (509) Clarence Tutter.24 (784) Clarence Henderson.29 (373) Wm. Huff.33 (692) Allie Carr.46 (420) Wm. Small.53 (1,045) M. C. Meyman.58 (1,324) John Hampton.60 (140) Frank H. Parker.65 (652) John Wesley Taylor.72 (1,103) Charles Morris.76 (513) Roy Watts.77 (46) Chas. Boyd, (in jail.)79 (1,099) Raymond Myers.87 (1,456) Joseph Baker.107 (675) Charles Henry Bristow,,(not examined.)108111167168169170177199205216228229231244246251255267272275277279287294322305332S40S45S56(1,274) Moses Bedford Sparks.(343) Chas. Roscoe Bland.(1,314) Isiah Downey.(1,016) Adam Dudley.(335) Dennis Allen.(1,43-0) Perry Thomas.(391) Wm. Letton.(1,142) Ulysses G. Munday.(957) W;m. Fields.(717) John Hall. '(25) Martin Turner.(392) Wm. Henry Johnson.(383) Wm. Henry Johnson.(1,337) Louis Kellis.(1,250) Robert Givens, (notexamined.)(707) Louie Griney.(1,101) Henry Myers.(1,070) Claik W. Thomas.(1,234) Geo. Chinn.(1,118) Wm. Barton.(221) Franklin Johnson.(1,474) Wyatt Green.(1,091) Wm. Hogue, Jr.(477) John Q. Kellis.(424) Julius Talbott.(1,511) Frank Screech.(1,464) Robert Coleman.(1,343) Charles Nichols.(963) Charles Howard.(492) Albert Patterson.361 (1,049) Wm. Horace Mitchell.366 (349) Robert Ernest Crombie.369 (501) Wm. Stanley.S93 (435) Wm, Williams.i m - "n?"NOTICE TO CONSUMERS.To Our Electrical Consumers:On account of the high cost ofeverything at this time, we are forcedto ask our patrons who use electric current to share with us a paitof the great war burden.On April 1st we will reduce discounts from lc per K. W. H. to cper K. W. H. and readjust the rateschedule for electric lighting as tothe quantity used, but we will notraise the unit price per Kilowatt inany case. These advances will be soslight that we feel assured that ourpatrons will cheerfully aid us in tiding over the period of high costs incident to the war and until normalconditions are agam restoredElsewhere in to-day s paper wmbe found a codv of the new rateschedules which will be applied onApril bills.Assuring you of our regret thatthis has become necessary" to preventlosses that would impair service andthreaten the existence of the Company, we remain as ever- "alwaysread to serve."Yours truly,C. L. STEENBERGEXManager Paris'" Gas & Electric Co.(15-2t)BOURBON COUNTY PARMESSMdHOLD MASS MEETING.The farmers and others interestedin agricultural work in Bourboncounty will hold a mass-meeting inthe Circuit Court loom in the courthouser at 1:30 o'clock Saturday afternoon, March 23. Tme meeting willbe held for the purpose of discussingthe seed corn., situation. Speakerswill be present from the AgriculturalDepartment of the University ofKentucky. Every farmer in thecounty is urged to attend this meeting.A number of counties in WesternKentucky have seed com, for sale at" ately. Prof. jWldts fjreasonable pricii. ThV;jcountiss or .similar poitibmii t-M tithe Blussrass , rsim are fast Jrar nical Iil.AHff must b me;to relics tlw s-sAiwuDOINGS OF STATE SOLONS IN THUVLEGISLATURE.Relief for the people of the eia.of Kentucky who have suffered, froma lack of natural gas when it waamost needed is given in a; bill sponsored by Representative William F.Klair, which passed the House withbut one vote against it.The House killed the eight-hourwork bill of Representative JhumyThornton, of Newport, and defeatedthe bill of Representative CharliaHunter, of Marion, which was intended to make divorces through thecollusion of the paities a little moredifficult in Kentucky.A resolution to pay J. H. Hedden,of Mt. Sterling, $339 for money hepaid out of his own pocket for clerical assistance while public printer,lost 28 to 37. The same resolutionwas beaten at the 1916 session.The Senate tabled by the closevote of 18 to 16 the bill of SenatorEasil D. Richardson giving the StateRailroad Commission authority to fixjoint rates.The Senate passed a bill appropriating ?35,000 for a State militia during the war while the nationalguardsmen are in the service.Governor Stanley signed the Council of National Defense act, appropriating ? 5 0,0 00 annually for theensuing two years to the Kentuckycouncil of which Edward W. Hines,of Louisville, is chairman. The actcarries an emergency clause, makingthe appropriation immediately available. The Governor also signed theHuntsman bill, prohibiting alien ene,mies from keeping firearms or explosives. Senator Thomas A. Combs, of Lexington, president pro tern of the Senate, resigned from the Senate, andafter handing his resignation to Governor Stanley, resigned in the Senate as president pro tem, so that hissuccessor can be elected before thesession adjourned. His reason for resigning is that he is a director of theFederal Reserve Bank, and the officials of the institution requested thatnone of the directors have any political connections.A large number of bills passedboth houses of the General AssemblyFriday and the Rules Committee programs were so full that night sessions were held at both ends of theCapitol in the effort to clear hedecks so that the Senate shall haye-.only House bills to act on for Hhisweek and the House only Senatebills.The House refused, 56 to 36 to legalize the operation of moving jplct-ure-ishoTCs:and garageson- Sun4y:-c--TheCourt of Appeals recently uphelda fine in the Frankfort police court -imposedfor running ar picture showon Sunday. Mr. McDonough, ofLouisville, said that it was probable,every Sunday picture show in theState would be closed soon after themandate of the Court of Appeals ishanded down. '-In the Senate the most importantbill passed was the bill requiring theregistration of voters outside citiesof the first, four classes one in fouryears.m ftLOCAL MAN MADE CUSTODIALOE ALIEN PROPERTY.Mr. Ossian Edwards, of the Ed-iwards Realty Co., of this city, has. "been appointed alien property custo- .dian of the large manufacturing es-tablishment of the TheodoreFrancke-Erben Lumber Co., at Carthage, near Cincinnati, and is now in-full control of the business. The appointment was made by the UnitedStates Alien Property Custodian., vThe business of the company is be- -ingliquidated under Government orders, according to the manager, Alexander Schmidt, of Cincinnati, whostated that the plant was 6wneabyBerlin and Hamburg capitalistsThe wood in which the companyspecializes is especially adapted foeaeroplane propellers and gustocksThe business and the lumber on hand"are worth, it has been stated, $1,000,000. The money obtained fromthe liquidation will be invested inLiberty Bonds.BEGINNING YOUNG.When the Paris Billiard RooniJS closed its doors after a good day'sbusiness Saturday, the sum of $30remained in the cash register, readyfor banking yesterday morning.Early yesterday morning when Mr.Harry O. James opened up the placefor business he discovered the back,door open and the cash registermoved out of place. A count of thecash revealed the sum of $13.85missing, as well as sundry article ofsmoking materials from the stock.Chief of Police Fred Link was summoned, and after an investigationsuspicion fell upon two well-known,young man confessed to the theft,of the place. The clue Chief Linkhad was followed up and one of thyoung men shadowed, and finallyplaced under arrest on suspicion. Thyoung men confessed to the thfft;and told how he had allowed himselfto be locked in, then rifled the cashregister and left by the hack way,leaving the door open. The moneywas found on his person. The otktryoung man under suspicion wai .onerated. Prosecution, may likely'result from the young man's act. iVwTEACHER BESIGNS:Prof. Clark White, principal of tkmParis HiKh School, -has reeignsd 10sposition, becombif; rsctiT isunsjid-sup tk dutis- k lisrtiip. J-l4A.THE BOURBdN NEWS, PARiS KY;TUESDAY, MARCH It, HIS.WLCffi:TWOTHE BOURBON NEWSEitablished 188136 Years of Con' tinuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and Eriday-Per Year. .$2.00 6 Months. .$1.00tPayable in Adavance.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation of.amy person, firm or corporation which' "' appear in the columns of THE;BOURBON NEWS will be gladly coricfced if brought to attention oftheADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 pernch for first time; 50 cents per inchjfeach subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineaacii issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candl--slates,obituaries and resolutions, and' ilmilar matter, 10 cents per line.r'- Special rates for large advertise-M'eh'ts and yearly contracts.' TIie right of publisher Is reserved- t decline any advertisement or otherv-to&tter. for publication.'Announcements for political offices"ttst invariably be accompanied byfcha cash.This paper has enlistedwith the government in thecause of America for the-period of the warEDITOKIAI MUSINGS.3How Business Men Can Help.The postofnce department is beingv seriously affected by the disarrangement of traffic conditions due to theT t war, and is asking business men to. ,as?ist it in maintaining efficiency ofdelivery by co-operating as much as- possible., f Postmaster J. Walter Payne is"'calling the attention of Paris bu3i"ness men to ways in which they cankelp the department at this time.He-points out that at this time it is" tho practice of many business menland firms to hold practically all outgoing mail until the late afternoon orariy morning hours. This necessitates the facing, cancellation, distri-t button, pouching arid dispatching offrom sixty to eighty per cent, of alloutgoing mail matter within a periodof fhree or four hours. It is apparent: that if this work could be distributed-over twelve to fourteen hours not; .only would it be handled with greatjer facility, but its dispatch would behastened many hours.Realizing fully the losses and inconveniences which may result toTjusiness men and other patrons be--causeof delayed mails the department is utilizing every available facility and straining every nerve to-: Tender the best service possible in the-circumstances. It is believed thebusiness men, of the community cani be of invaluable assistance in meetirzg the situation, with little or noadditional expense to themselves, bymaking some slight changes in their' idaily routine. Obviously it is of the' utmost importance that letters beported promptly, to secure their dispatch on the first scheduled train, a"sfailure to make a connection is nowmuch more serious than in normal- vtlpes, and might result in a delayfj&h delivery of twenty-four hours orvmore.To Our Soldier Boys.THE NEWS wishes Godspeed to'the Bourbon county soldier boys who-are on 'the firing line "over there,"and who are in the training campsthroughout the length and breadth ofthe land, on behalf of freedom anddemocracy. May they, and the young;yromen who are in the Dr. BarrowBase Hospital Unit No. 40 as nurses,.find "ttieir highest hopes realized, andML. every obligation that the countrydemands of them.No county in Kentucky has a better right to feel prouder of her boys-aad young women, who have giventfcir all and the comforts of homet) the. ir country's call, than oldBourbon county. Let's back themupland let the sky be the limit inwhatever wants they need. They are. tp flower of the earth and the rich:?,kss hereof in all the word impliesAs to HouKcleaning Time.A great.deal of unnecessary growl--- img, heart-ache, head-ache, backache, and many skinned fingers intidtld, world could be saved inyffcfck Pe people that is, the" goodjplfr-r-do not live any too long atJ.best if a national law could be'jgBed forbidding the renovating of a-& kse more -than once a year. Attoosectea&ing) xtime, .which rolls'nuM all ithe way from twice to fivetimes a year -according to the family9e,s a man wants to -commttrsuicideja&i the woman wants to kill him be-thedoes not. It Js a necessary;9$'jth4at;bijeakg hacks and hearts attke.;.me ttewe. It is sonethlne nanraises ?arow;'alout doing aWa big-.gerqme about, not ;dqin.-Itfa contradictory? i is5" redolent fit soapsuds,cobwebs and carpet? l&alinjr,heads, in clust rags and with barearms; it is It nuisance and none davedispute the assertion!"Laugh And Grow Eat."We do not laugh enough. There isnothing more pleasant to the earthan the merry laugh of a happy.joyous person and nothing drivesaway .gloom and care like a good,hearty laugh. Laughter and goodhumor make a cheerful, bright homeis the greatest safeguards againsttempations for the young. Parentsshould guard against this and spareno pains to jmake home a cheerfulspot.Genuine Hypocrisy.The people who have so much sympathy for those who have gone beyond all earthly help, might use alittle of it in every day life to a goodand excellent purpose. The idea ofkicking people when alive and thenfor a person to weep over their gravewhen dead is what too many of usdo and is one reason why the world isno better to-day. Speak your kindwords to the living, and when youare dead you need not care what issaid of you.' The Cost of Publishing.An exchange says that the announcement of an increase in subscription price has just been made byall the New York daily newspapers.This change became effective lastSaturday. Some of the newspapersthere have been holding out againstthe inevitable as long as they could.But with costs mounting higher andhigher the last one of the objectorshad to yield. The other alternativewas to go out of business.A Practical Suggestion.It is said that an evangelist recently told the people of a neighboring town that if they wished to seethe newspaper man of that place converted, the immediate payment oftheir back subscriptions was the firststep to be taken towards the desiredend. That's a good, practical suggestion. When a man walks into aprinting office and planks down thecash for ten or fifteen years' backsubscription he's got genuine dyed-in-the-woolreligion, and it makes aprofound impression on the editor.AMEEICAN AND GERMAN EFFICIENCY. The searchilnght of war hasbrought out many interesting facts,and one of these is that the vauntedGerman efficiency will not alwaysstand the test of comparison withAmerican efficiency.The Germans boasted of being thegreatest farmers on earth. Investigation shows that In efficiency In agriculture, measured by the produceper acre, America being graded100, Belgium leads the world, at205; Great Britain comes second, at164; and Germany third, at 155;America comes fourth.But the better test is the man testrather than the acre test, and hereAmerica leads the world over 2 to 1.Again, grading America at 100 perfarm worker, Great Britain produces43 and Germany 41. The Americanfarmer cultivates 27 acres, the German farmer 7. With the aid of vastquantities of fertilizer the Germanproduces more per acre, but he produces at a much greater cost perbushel and he produces much lessthan half as much per man.11 Hi 1BIIARMERS MAY BE DEPENDEDUPON.The war has served to exhibit tothe country at large, as the countrynever quite realized before, its dependence upon agriculture and themanifold problems which beset ourprimary industry. There is reason tobelieve therefore that during thecoming year agriculture will havethe active sympathy and co-operationof all citizens and classes who are inposition to render aid. The farmersof the United States will not fail todo all that they can in this emergency and, with favorable seasons, theywill produce enough to sustain thecivil population, to keep our armyand navy in full fighting vigor, andto supplement the depleted resourcesof the allies. Every facility that theDepartment of Agriculture can command to assist them will be freelyplaced at their disposal."SLACKER" CITIZENSHIPrSomeone has said that wars are nolonger fought by armies, but by nation. This thought was admirablydeveloped by Dr. Frank L. McVey,piesident of the University of Kentucky, in a very able address delivered by him at the Rural Life Conference at Bowling Green. He referredto the allied armies as our first-linetrench; the British navy, assisted byour navy, as the second-line trench,and our people at home as the thirdline trench.Dr. McVey's address was an admirable expostion'of the gospel of goodsand service. ':How.fineat would be ifevery -citizen of tthis country who isone of those .who stay $X home realized 'the responsibility and' dignity ofhis part as a soldier In this thirdline trench.There is such a thing as "slacker"citizenship, and anyone who pleadsexemption from servipe in this armyat .home because Jie is 'too busy is recreant to his citizenship.Por testing textijesan Englishmanhas invented a machine which passesfabrics under a microscope while at.the same time they, are subjected topowerful electric lights both aboveand below the surface.m l JJudging from newspaper ' dis-patcheiJRussia is going to, repudiatener national qDi. .meSeveral days ago Mr. Qwen L.Davis, of triis city, received aropy ofa Cincinnati' pubIication"Co1mment,"one of the fearless kind that believes in letting the world Ttnow ofthe horrible atrocities practiced inthe name of "Kultur," by the amiable Germans. The paper was sent tohim by Mr. Ulie J. Howard, of Covington. Ui ler tho head" of "Lest TheseThings Conle Home To Us, We MustCombat Pro-Germanism," the papertells the following, which is but alittle bit of the real truth regardingthe horrible things that have takenplace in war-stricken Europe, andwhich "Comment" says the worldought to know:"There are thousands or youngboys with tendons cut, who can notuse their hands or feet. In manycases these helpless boys whose tendons were severed by German soldiers as they invaded French cities,are wheeled around in a baby buggyby twelve and fourteen-year-old sisters who are pregnant. These littlegirls were the victims of GermanSoldiers. I know hundreds and thousands of such cases." Dr. Dabo."While many Cincinnati and Covington citizens were expressing fearthat they may offend some good Germans by declaring themselves in favor of the elimination of the teachingof German in our schools? Dr. Dabo,a member of the American missionsent abroad to investigate atrocitiesalleged to have been committed, wasdescribing unprintable cases of torture inflicted by German soldiers onhelpless women and children in Belgium and France. DrT Dabo sent athrill of horror through 1,000 business men at the Business Men's Cluba few nights ago in relating the result of his investigations."While pacifists, pro-Germans, anarchists and I. W. W.'s are permitted to exist and have their being inthis country, and as they continuethe extension of their propaganda,Dr. Dabo tells of the crucified sergeant-majorin Princess Pat's regiment who was nailed to a barn door,an unnameable maiming inflicted,and, after untold suffering, was shotat his own request by a captain. AsComment, with hundreds of thousands of good Americans, proceeds tosmoke out pro-German propagandists who are blazing the way andmaking possible the invasion of theseblood-thirsty Huns to rape ourwomen and cripple our children, Dr.Dabo is relating the story that is horrifying the civilized world. Dr. Dabosaid, among other things, that cannotbe repudiated, in his message toAmerican men, that the soldiers ofthe Allies are fighting in order thattheir women and children can live;that it is no longer a fight for democracy or autocracy, but a fight for thepreservation of humanity. The firstAmerican sentry who was caughthad his throat cut and his headtaken to Berlin. It Will be ten years'before all the things the slimy beasthas done will be fully reported,' saidthe representative of the Americanmission. 'There has been -700 volumns of testimony thus far takenwith names of witnesses regardingthese atrocities. Remember, theGerman soldier does not smoke acigarette without an order from hissuperior officers.'"Loot, murder, rapine, slaughterand butchery keep the German soldier invading a country pretty busy.Read:" 'There is not a screw or hinge leftiir any of Ihe invaded towns. Thetowns are filled with pregnant anddiseased girls of ten or more, whohave been ravaged by German soldiers. These girls are mutilated andparts of their bodies carried off as evidence of nrowess. After girls havebeen violated, bayonets have beenused in many instances to destroythem. One girl between seventeenand eighteen years of age was captured by the German invading army.The villagers were assembled. Intheir forced presence, the girl wasstripped and assaulted by sixteensoldiers. Unconscious, the girl wasthen hung up by her feet.' (Thedoctor here told how gasoline wasused on this girl and the methodspursued to burn her.) As the bloodfipurted forth, the beasts left, singing'Grosser Gott wir lobin dich.' Apriest was captured. He was strip-i ped. Witn a pair or DarDea wireshears his ribs were cracKed, anuskin torn from his stomach (here thespeaker described an indignity committed on the poor priest, indescribably horrible in nature.)"Dr. Dabo described numerous other shocking casesvof barbarity practiced by the German brutes of theirown accord and with the smilingsanction of the German ImperialGovernment, which claims a monopoly of kultur and intellectuality."Let no one dare speak of peaceuntil every vestige of the Hohenzollern breed of rapists, murderers andthieves are wiped off the face of theearth; let none speak of peace untilGermany is compelled to bow herhpad in shame and make full reparation to God and her victims."SCORN BRYAN'S SCOLDING.New York resents the efforts ofoutisders in the effort to scold theState into ratifying the Federal prohibition amendment. Mr. Bryan madethis declaration:"It is about time New York Statewas leading in something good,something to drive out the outlaw,alcohol."This has led to such expressionsas: "At a moment when every bitof virile force and energy of theAmerican people should be exertedoutward against their enemies overseas, the State of New York' can seelittle honor in leading a pusillanimous movement, to surrender therights of local self-government in theUnited 'States and set-up, instead, anarbitrary and sweeping control overthe personal habits of 100,000,000Americans who had been thoughtworthy to be deemed free-born andseii-reguiating."v ' 1HI IHI Hi i i"Canada is making every effort toplantmore Iaad.- .AbouU a ..million"LESTThe, determination, of, Gren. Pershing to abide1 byitheFrnQhoGovernmentVrule against publishing then'ames of killed or injured soldierswith their addresses will be a nuisance to newspapers in America, butit will not prevent friends and relatives of men in the casualty list fromlearning the fate of their loved onesor friends in France.The relatives will be notifledtfpromptly by the war cables sent toWashington and the friends of victims will, of course, learn the newspromptly through the private dispatches, relayed by the families affected, by word of mouth or otherwise. Of course the local press willget the news of local interest prettypromptly through the recipients ofthe private telegrams from the WarDepartment.If a Bourbon county soldier fallshis family will learn it from the WarDepartment and will, we feel sure,let THE NEWS have the news atone. In the circumstances the man'sfriends, and the interested and sympathetic neighborhood which knowsthe wounded man, or knew the deadman, will be informed. More workthan otherwise would be involved inprinting casualty lists will resultfrom the plan- adopted, but the pressthroughexchanges of news of widerthan neighborhood interest, will keepthe public informed.tea Tsa tsiThe German Reichstag has a chancenow to make answer to PresidentWilson, who has gone on record withthem for. peace upon just terms.Position Wanted.Position as manager or overseer offarm. Experienced. Best of reference. Apply at this office. (tf)NOTICEAll persons having claims againstthe estate of Leer Stout, deceased,are requested to present same atonce, properly proven as required bylaw, to the undersigned.x All persons indebted to the estateof Leer Stout, deceased, are likewise requested to call on the undersigned at once and settle indebtedness CANNIE G. STOUT,Executrix Leer Stout Estate.(26-3wks)PUBLIC SALELarge StablesI will sell at public auction, onSaturday, MarcK 23, 1918at 2 o'clock, the large frame stablein the rear of my home on Pleasantstreet. This stable is 24x36 feet andhas three large stalls, has tongue andgroove floored loft; shingles on roofgood; galvanized ""guttering aroundbuilding; doors in good condition asis stable, which has always been keptpainted and is in first-class condition.Purchaser must remove said building from the premises by April 1.TERMS Cash.JOHN J. WILLIAMS,(15-2t) Paris, Ky.'5BAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly RollCream PuffsDoughnuts, Rolls, PiesGROCERYFruitsFresh VegetablesMEATDEPARTMENTRoatsLamb, Veal, PorkBrainsWILMOTHGrocery Co..Phone 3T6TProfessional Cards.WMU GRANNANAttorney-it-LajvROOMS 401-402.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGDR. WM. KENNEYEye,- Ear, No?e and ThroatROOMS 40M04.hriDtv uiTti makIi mm mi&jamtriwxvt nniK;.nrii BUituinPKONE1M. ,tWMWMWHMt5urDon launaryS JLXJCDWIS & FUNK, Props:Telephone No. 4.Z3JT QaBourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.Now is the Timeto Figure on YourSpring PaintingANDPaperingxLet Us Make an Estimate for You Before Placing Your Order, CallUs Over Home Phone 399,KANEWANTED !Every Automobile OwnerIn Bourbon CountyTo Have the Advantage of OurTIREHINT; Bring your old tires to us andhave your work done by an expertwho has had years of experiencebuilding tires. Come and see foryourself.We Bo Re-Treading andVulcanizing of All KindsG. S., r- i tj ,;jr'. we mjliBALLWHV. rr wrm JiiuivWest 5 StreetSatisfaction is OurWatchwordWith all the latest improvements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we are preparedto do work inferior tonone, and solicit yourpatronage.BROS.U-l-'v ,c c .m m r"-GARAGEit St.vlt" w i sic' uuuer-cultivation. jr; ; rifl ? H ffe7W ',N3V -s.bTUESDAY, MARCH IK 1S18.-flfliPflMJPfcJ1Ph,!p57r"7"iLt 4 &.-" .n,NEW STATEMENTPully Convinced Now About NewRheumatic Treatment PainsAlmost Entirely Gone.Robert Malcolm, 68, of 1317 Walnut street, Cincinnati, 0., the manwho told several days ago Tvhat Tanlac Rheumatism. Treatment had donefor him in three days, has kept taking the treatment since andHs nofrfully convinced of the iew treatment's merit."The Tanlac Rheumatism Treatment with its radium is the best medicine for rheumatism I ever tried inmy life and I've tried lots of them,too," said Mr. Malcolm."I expect there were some folkswho were a bit skeptical when I tolda while back of the good TanlacRheumatism Treatment had donefor me in just three days. They didn'tthink a medicine could help a personso quickly and neither did I until Istarted taking this medicine."The pains I used to have in myknees and the calves of my legs arealmost entirely gone now. Theyused to be so bad that I could hardlyclimb up the two flights of stairs tomy flat, but that's easy for me now."I hope ;my statement will causeothers to try Tanlac RheumatismTreatment and that's why I'm givingthis statement. I know I'd wantsomebody to tell me if they knew of amedicine that would help rheumatism." Get Tanlac Rheumatism Treatmentto-day and get a real medicine forrheumatism. You can get TanlacRheumatism Treatment 'at any gooddrug store where you get Tanlac, thefamous tonic. (adv)151 1 felTOCB3fiSlFtglTErBY'DESTRUCTIVE .HB&Fire of unknown origin ThursdayI night destroyedltheplant of th Win; Chester Lumber and ManufacturingCompany-with alpss of approximately f io,uuu. xue uumytuiy carriedonly $25,000 insurance.The fire was discovered at 8:30o'clock, but the dry lumher madefighting the flames almost futile. TheParis fire 'department arrived about10 o'clock, at jucbutime the local'department had tHe fire well undercontrol.J. W. Scobee, manager of the company, said he did not knowwhether the plant would be rebuilt.For-a. time it seemed as if thewhole northern part of the townwould be destroyed, but the heroicwork of the firemen confined theblaze to the lumberyard.At the same time the' lumber yardfire was' discovered another fire started in a negro suburb in the easternpart of the city, destroying fivehouses. The occupants lost everything they possessed. The fire originated in the home of Will Bundrum,but the cause is not known.About thirty years ago fire wipedout the lumber yard on the same siteoccupied by the Winchester Lumberand Manufacturing plant, but theyard at that time was owned by S. M.Clay & Company.A freight car on the Cheasapeake& Ohio Railroad was caught by theflying sparks from the lumber yardfire, but the blaze was extinguishedby a brakeman with little damage.The corporation owning the Winchester Lumber and ManufacturingCompany was formed by the following: J. E. Garner, president; OwenFitch and J. W. Scobee.The fires will be investigated bythe State Fire Marshal, it was statedTHIS ONE FROM SOMERSET !JRight in the middle of the big RedCross campaign Mother Nature senther message of approval on an earof corn, found at a husking bee inSomerset, Ky. The light yellow earbore red grains in the form of an almost perfect cross. The ear wasplaced on exhibition and attractedmuch attention, adding considerablyto the town's Red Cross subscription.iTRY THIS FOR SOUR STOMACH.Eat slowly, masticate your foodthoroughly. Eat but little meat andnone at all for supper. If you arestill troubled with sour stomach takeone of Chamberlain's Tablets beforegoing to bed.(adv. March)Paying your debts is a mightygood way to get right with the worldYou will feel more like smiling whenyou don't have to dodge your creditor. m m 1Russia is a sphinx, says someoneand we think he knows.r jzHiSlWWWTOMThis Big Dollar-Saving Booktiivl1 Ka im FrAtvr HmAw fScad a Postal NOW For This FREE BookNational economy demands that your dollar be madeto go as far as possible. This big Bargain Book' enablesyou to secure the most desirable and serviceable merchandise of all kinds at the lowest prices, thus resulting in agreat saving to yon. Thousands and thousands of Satisfied customersthroughout the South testify to the money-saving merits, of "ThQBook of a Thousand Bargains." Our tremendous purchasing powerhas enabled us to kep the prices down within the reach of all. JDon'tdelay I Send for your copy NOW. .EXAMPLE OF OUR MONEY SAVING POWERWomen's Stylishand ServiceableTwo-StrapPATENT LEATHERPUMPS-only $1.98Regular $2.75. ValueBIGGESTSHOE BARGAINOF THE SEASONA typical bargain selected at random from among thethousands that are found in this Bargain Catalog. The newSpring and Summer issue I read the description -j.2.. ..... n 4ir4 I P4200uThia la vanr timely and pimc-VUUHUXisuuuijr ya&po ial jbv i jMtratioii 6four et pur-(88pJsuch bargains in shoes alone.Over a hundred other pages ofsavings in ready-to-wear, underwear, millinery, jtwelry, hardware andtoilet goods. A trialorder wiU convince you of the bigBaringi possible through orderingfrom this book.chMtng power. Anticipating your edsx la advance made tme savin? to 7ble. Stylish pumpe of aplendidQuaiatat leather, wit open-work alaabedtrapa to button orer Instep, new Style reel It. Eixea Si. S. W, 4, , E. . & ft. 7.Men mm ana wige wmtna. bum71 and t.ke wanted. Bhipplnc weightlHbs. Price, Very Special.$1.98Send Your Trial Order or Catalog Request toWm Guarantee to PleasYoaAbtolutelyor Your MAILORDERMonni.RfuJd WKESKTCE&StamP 'v awSOCIAL ANfe PERSONAL.Co!, and Geiagi of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mrs. Maria Lyons has as guestimss meresa McGuire, of Xouisville.Miss Hattie Gillispie. of Carlisle,was a, guest of Paris friends Fridayana Saturday.t Miss' Elizabeth Wheeler has returned from a visit to Rev. and MrsW. O. Sadler, in Covington.Miss Minerva Sue Boardman ha5concluded a- pleasant visit to MissEmily Lang, in Mt. Sterling.MrsX.ouis Snell lias arrived fromMorenead for an extended" visit torelatives and friends in Paris!Mr. William Cv Swearengen arrived' from Carthage, Ohio, Saturdayfor a visit to Mr. George R. pavis.Mrs. J. T. Wallingford, of Covington, is a guest of Mrs. W. F. Talbott at her home on Seventh, street.Miss Bessie Talbott, of Georgetown, spent the week-end in Parisand the county, as a guest of relatives. Mr. and Mrs. R. P. Walsh andfamily were week-end guests of thefamily of L. M. Redmon, in Mt.Sterling.Mr. John W. Bramblette, formerly of Paris, is seriously ill at thhome of his daughter, Mrs. Mastin, InLexington.Mr. Charles A. Webber, of thoBourbon Garage, has gbne to Martinsville, Ind., to lake treatment forrheumatism.Mrs. Cheppeau Lawrence, ofLexington, was a recent guest ofMrs. Leer Stout, at her home on Seventh street.Mr. J. L. Rice, who has been apatient at the Massie Memorial Hospital, has returned to his home inNorth Middletown.Special Judge Newell, who ispresiding at the March term of theBourbon Circuit Court, spent Sundaywith his family in Maysville.Misses Anna Mae Ryan and Lillie and Margaret Martin have leturned to their homes in Carlisle after a visit to relatives in Paris.Mrs. Mary E. Howse has returned to her home in Carlisle after uvisit to her daughter, Mrs. RudolphDavis, on East Seventh street.Miss Alice Ruhl, a member ofthe nursing staff in the Massie Hospital, is -taking a special course oftraining in a Cincinnati hospital.Mrs. J. M. Hefley and two children, Lovell and James Hefley, havereturned to Lancaster, after a visitto friends and relatives near Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Lon M. Tribbleattended the funeral of Mr. Don Burris, in Lexington. Mr .Burris was ason of Dr. E. H. Burris, of Lexington. Mrs. Edward Fithin was th5guest of honor at an informal bridgeparty given by Miss Mary FithianHutchcraft, at her home on Secondstreet.Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Rice and,Mrs. O. T. Mattox have returned to.their homes in Maysville, after a:visit to Mrs. James Doty, on Seventh:street. i $Mrs. Julia Taylor has returnedto her home in Norman, Okla., after avisit to her sister, Mrs. Lunce'fordTalbott, who has been quite ill forsome time.Elder Go. Sehon, Superintendont of the Children's Home, at Louisville, was a recent visitor at thehome of Mr. and Mrs. John J. Redmon, near North Middletown.Mr. Wm. W. Dudley has returned from a vacation spent in Cincinnati with- his sister, Mrs. Frank WShackleford and Mr. Shackleford, andhis aunt, Miss Mattie Hite, on WestFourth street.Miss Florence Adair Hedges,daughter of Mr. and Mis. Ollie Hedgcs, who has been veiy ill at the homeof her grandmother, Mrs. Belle Adairon the Lexington pike, near Paris, iconsiderably improved.Mr. Charlton Clay and Miss KateAlexander were among those fiomCentral Kentucky who witnessed thematinee performance of'The Follies,''at tlie Grand Opera House, in Cincinnati, Saturday afternoon.Dr. Louis Frank, of Louisville,was a guest of Paris relatives Saturday. Dr. Frank was here in consultation with Dr. Wm. Kenney in regard to the case of Mr. James Jacob,who is seriously ill at his home nearHutchison.Mr.' Z. L. Wilcox, Secretary ofthe Bourbon County Y. M. C: A., andProf. T. A. Hendricks, Superintendent of the Paris Public Schools, attended the meeting of the State YM. C. A. convention held in Louisville, Friday and Saturday.(Other Personals on Page 5)g Sg 'fcRjIN FIVE MINUTES! NOINDIGESTION. GAS ORSOUR. ACID STOMACHThe Moment "Pane's Dianepsm'Reaches the Stomach AllDistress Goes."Really does" put upset stomach.-,in order "really does" overcome indigestion? dyspepsia, gas, heartburnandv sourness due to acid fermentation in five minutes that justthat makes Pape's Diapepsin thelargest selling stomach antacid andlegulator in the world. If what youeat ferments and ' turns sour, youbelch gas and eructate undigestedfood or water; head is 'dizzy andaches; breath foul; tongue coated;your insides filled with undigestedhvaste, remember the moment "Pape'sDiapesm" comes in contact with thestomach all such distress vanishes.It's truly astonishing almost maivelous, and. the joy is its harmlessness. A large fifty-cent case of Pape'sDiapepsin is worth its weight ingold to men and women who can'tget their stomachs regulated. It belongs in your home should alwaysbe kept handy in case of sick, sourupset tstomach during the day oratnight. It's the quickest, surest, antacid for the stomach in the world.(adv)NEW YORK, March. 18. One yearago Emperor Nicholas abdicatedas autocrat of Russia, and nowthe all-Russian-Congress of Sovietsby an overwhelriiing vote agreed toGerman peace terms.German militarism takes from thepresent Russian government thousands of square miles of territory andmillions of ' inhahitants contained inthe former imperial territories of Finland, Polan'd, Courland, Lithuania,Esthonia, Livonia and theUkraine inEurope and Batoum, Kars and Erivanin the Causcasus.The Russian army must demobilize,the Russian fleel is interned and Tavoraoie trade agreements are to begiven Germany and her allies.Announcement of allied policy toward Russia and of Japanes intentions in eastern Siberia probably willfollow quickly the news ' tfcat theLenine government, after fourmonths of rule, has surrendered comi'pletely to the demands of- Germany:and opened up the vast European and'Asiatic territories to German economic and military penetration.The questioirof Japanese intervention in Siberia has brought from Foreign Secretary Balfour in the BritishHouse of Commons the ' declarationthat he had every confidence inJapan's loyalty in any action it mightbe decided to take invthe Far East.Japan, he said, would act as thefriend of Russia and as the emissaryof the Entente governments in helping Russia to combat Gernian penetration and save the revolution.Tuesday and WednesdayTheSPRINGA HERO EVERY DAY.The man with the smile and thecheery word, the one who can lift thespirits of his fellows in the hour ofdanger here is the man of heroism.And it is for just this quality thatpraise is given to Lieuteant JohnK. Richards, U. S. N., who was oneof the officers on the torpedoed destroyer, Jacob Jones. The reports ofher sinking brought a thrilling storyof her commander, her officers andmen, of their bravery and loyalty tothe last moment, all equal to the besttraditions of the American Navy.Lieutenant Richards, the gunnery officer, was left in charge of all therafts. At this post it was noticedthat through all the ordeal he wa3cool and cheerful, putting heart intothe men about him and making themall more able to stand the strain.Lieutenant Richards is a native ofIronton. O . and was born in 1891.He enteiet the Naval Academy in1907 anil live years later was madeEnsign. In 1915 he became a juniorlieutenant and was temporarily appointed lieutenant in 1917. Hiswife, Mrs. Dorothy G. Richards, livesat 1840 Lamont street," Washington,D. C.1!3 3 STOR A BAD COLD.Take Chamberlain's Cough Remedy. It has stood the test of timeand can be depended upon.(adv. March)EXPOSITIONof ourMILLINERYDepartmentXA Message "To MiladyMy Dear Milady:"Miss Springtime' ' has arrived,from I'OverJ There,' ' bringing a -galaxyof truly wonderful originations. Never before were we able tousher in the new season with socomplete a showing and suchexceedingly good values. Pricesranging from$5. 00 to $25. 00vWOLF, WILE & CO.LEXINGTON, KY.mrmmmmmmmmmmmmmMWMWMmRmNow is the Time to BuyCOLUMBIAOil &- Gas Co. StockDrillingvxigs will soon be working on our properties and making dividends for our stockholders.The time fe make money in a company is between its incorporation and the payment of the first dividend. In the early part therisk is greatest, therefore the stock is usually low. As the companyprogresses, the stock advances. When dividends commence thestock usually sells at par, and many times above par depending onthe values back of the stock and prospective future earnings.THE COLUMBIA OIL & GAS COMPANY has progressedfar beyond the speculative stage with its propeaties so well provenup, it is reaching into, and we hope will soon enter, the dividendperiod. Therefore, this is the logical time to buy stock; to makethe safest investment, and the most money.- When the first dividendis de'clared you cannot buy stock at the present price if at all.Come in with us now we are on the road to dividends, and Jhigher prices.Write us to-day for full information we will cheerfully answerany question to your full satisfaction. It is our business to do this,as we are the Fiscal Agents of the Company,"Vye sell stock in large or small amounts to suit the buyer. tA. D. FARLEY & CO.- ' 4 TFiscal AgentsitHSHVILLE, TEWN. ,404 Courier-Journal JBIdg.LOUISVILLE, KYJ,- , i'$43"tf - rv44 V i iHave .you bought"a War4 Saving.'avrI Stamp lately? 'x v1 vt.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, K.Mttm . ..i.trfli-inapi?,TtnsDir MiJiCH it, mr.15IfIf1HEWS OF W0XE1TS WOMjStebestdtg to club'WOMEN..Bed, Surplus Clothine Asked ForCross Relief work.Mr. James R. Garfield has sent instructions to the Bourbon CountyRed ""Cross Chapter in regard to tli3request from the Commission of Relief, -Jin Belgium and France, askingthe Red Cross to collect for it a certain amount of , used and surplusclothing.The work is not to become a regular activity of the Red Cross or be aprecedent "for a continual' collectionof such articles and so the weekfrom March 18th to March 25th,only, will be devoted to this purpose.The Bourbon County Chapter hasorganized for this work and Mrs.Georgia Webb will be chairman andwill receive articles at her bookstore.Eyerybody in the county is urgedto take notice of the appeal and send,what articles they can spare to thisroom for this purpose. Only articlesappearing in the list of of garmentsneeded will be accepted and the listis as follows:For Men Shirts, preferably oflight colored flannels, undershirts,underwears, trousers, coats, overcoats, overalls, shoes, jerseys, sweaters, vests, socks, sizes 10 to 11.For Women Shirts, drawers, corset slips, petticoats, blouses, overcoats, suits, pinafores, shoes, clothhats, knitted caps, stockings, sizes 7and 8, shawls. .For Boys Shirts, union suits, undershirts, trousers, coats, suits, overcoats, jerseys, socks, sizes 1 and 9.For Girls Dresses, skirts, overcoats, night dresses, drawers, stockings, sizes 1 to 6, undergarments,petticoats, suits, blouses, shoes.For Boys and Girls Hoodedcapes, pinafores, woolen union suits.For Infants Swanskin, swaddingclothes, cradle chemises, bodices,ciadle dresses, bonnets, bibs, neckerchiefs, diapers, shoes, baby dresses,hooded cloaks, jackets, shawlssweaters, socks.Miscellaneous Bedticks, bedsheets, pillow cases, blankets, muf-.ers.Please do iot send men's stiff hats,women's stiff hats, fancy slippers,goods containing rubber in any form,or any articles that are riot clean.Do not put any notes or messages inany of the garments.At the Bed Cross Rooms.Tuesday C. W. B. M.Wednesday Catholic Circle.Thursday W. C. T. U.The Progressive Culture Club.Business meeting.State and General Federations.' Reading from Ella Wheeler Wilcox Mrs. Stewart.Quiz What Historic Monumentsor Markers Are Erected in OurCounty?North Middletown Woman's Club.South America The Country andIts People Mrs. Mitchell.The Monroe Doctrine and the Venezuelian Boundary Mrs. Nelson P.Gay.Products and Industries of SouthAmerica Mrs. A. S. Trimble.A New Spring HatFor25 CentsYou can color your straw hatfresh and dainty with- C0L0R1TE!In most every shade, or you cancolor your straw hat to match anew dress.Get a bottle to-day. We haveall colors.Brooks&SnappDrugCo.EXCLUSIVE AGENCY FOR ARCADIA FARM PRODUCTS.Wje have secured the exclusiveagency for Bourbon county of the famous Arcadia Farm Products PeachButter, Apple Butter, StrawberryPreserves, Strawberry Jam and ChileSauce. These products are made onthe Arcadia Farm and are made fromhome recipes by Kirgan Bros. Theyhave become famous for their goodqualities and excellent flavor. Theyare used at the most exclusive cafesand hotels, such as the Sinton, Gibson House, Seelbach and others.They are made at the home of Kirgan Bros., in Ohio.WILMOTH & CO.,Exclusive Agents for Bourbon Co.(8-tf)PARIS BASKET BALL TEAMSWIN ONE ArTD LOSE ONE.Paris and Maysville High Schoolbasket ball teapis met in. a doubledeader game at Maysville, Fridaynight, in which the girls' team lostto Maysville by only one point, theboys' team coming out victors by a,score of 24 to 21. The MaysvilleDaily Bulletin details the events asfollows:"Maysville and Paris High Schoolbasket ball teams divided honors onthe local floor Friday , night, theMaysville girls defeating their opponents by thirty-one to thirty score,while the Bourbon county boys grabbed a twenty-four to twenty-one victory from the Maysville lads."The Maysville girls had a twentyfour to fourteen lead at the end ofthe first half, but the Paris lassiescame back strong in the last halfand not only kept down the Maysvillescore, but almost succeeded in tieingthe local girls. The last few minutes of play proved very thrillingand exciting, but the M. H. S. girlsheld the visitors in check and wonby the closest possible- margin."Misses Jones, Pogue and Woodfeatured for Maysville, while MissLena Rose starred for Paris."The boys' game was hotly contested from start to finish and thefirst half closed with the score a tie,each side being credited with tenpoints. Paris played a strongergapie in the closing half and beganscoring early in this period. Thelocals made a brilliant bid for honors, however, but were unable toovercome the excellent work of Parisin the early part of the last half, andthe final result was a twenty-four totwenty-one victory for Paris. Thevisiting boys' team outweighed theMaysville lads and this handicapworked to the advantage of the former. "Friday night's games were thelast of the M. H. S. schedule andclosed the local basket ball season."Thomas, Dawson and Dickson,Maysville's three stars, played an unusually brilliant game for the localfive, while Burnett was the stellarperformer of the Paris team."Phones 46415 Main. St.TOBACCO STOCK SELLS AT A HIGHFIGURE.Evedence of the value of stock ina Paris enterprise was attested Saturday when a bid of $140 per sharewas made for a block of stock of theNew Independent Tobacco WarehouseCompany. This would also indicatea successful season for the enterprise.CHAUFFEUR WANTED.Good place for an experiencedman. Reference as to character andability required. Call at BOURBONNEW3 office, or call either phone124. (12-3t)NOTICE.TO SUBSCRIBERS OFFIRST LIBERTY LOAN.This Bank has just received Registered Bonds ofthe First Libeaty Loan andis now ready to deliver tosubscribers.FIRST NATIONAL BANK,Paris, Kentucky.(15mar-2t)Vhh Vp tM.CLUB MEETING POSTPONEDThe regular meeting of the Progressive Culture Club will not beheld this week. The Club decided topostpone the meeting on account ofthe lecture to be given here by MissMary E. Sweeney, of Lexington, thedates conflicting.WINCHESTER SUEfcERS IK SECOND BIG FIRE LOSS.Fire swept the lumber mill andplant of the Winchester Lumber &! Manufacturing Co., at Winchester.Thursday night. An area of threeacres of buildings and lumber wasswept clean. The loss is placed at$70,uuu. insurance to the amount of$20,000 was carried on machinery.Building and lumber destroyed wastotal loss. The origin of the fire isunknown. The fire started about 9o'clock and spread rapidly throughthe plant in a spectacular blaze.While the lumber plant was burning another fire, also of unknownorigin, destroyed five residences inKohlassville, The loss at the secondfire will run into several thousanddollars, it is said.Officials of the lumber companystated that the plant had been without a watchman for several .nights.John E. Garner is president of thecompany and Owen Fitch and J. W.Scobee the remainder of the concern.The fire was one of the most spectacular seen in many years, and ragedfor several hours, despite a rainwhich was falling. The reflectionwas plainly seen from Paris. Largnumbers of Paris people went to thsscene in automobiles. When the callfor help reached Paris the City Council was in session. The auto policepatrol, loaded with several hundredfeet of hose, was sent to Winchester,driven by Councilman John Merringer, but they arrived too late to beof material service, the fire havingbeen gotten under control.fe laB-4 FIREInsure withW.O. HINTON &SON,Agtsm m mGLASGOW SHOPS OF THE L. & NSUFFER FIRE LOSSES.?The Louisville & Nashville Railroad Company suffered a heavy lossat Glasgow, when properties valuedat $300,000 were destroyed by fire.The railroad freight depot, freightwarehouse, the engine house and seven freight cars were destroyed. Thefreight cars were loaded with tobacco ready for shipment. The lossis partly covered by insurance. Theorigin of the fire is unknown, but isbeing investigated by officials of thecompany.'Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.PLEASANT STREET HOMEAUCTION MARCH 23.ATVThe Williams pioperty on Pleasant street, between Eighth andNinth, will be sold at auction onSaturday, March 23, at 11 o'clock.Lot is 224 feet deep, and fronts onPleasant street 43 feet. Eight rooms.Reception hall. Modern conveniences.Best built house in Paris 18-inchwalls, slate roof, plate glass, hardwood floor in reception hall.(15-2t) HARRIS & SPEAKES.-FRANK&CO.THE RELIABLE STORESpring 1918i&LNOW SHOWINGNew Spring MaterialsOF EVERY DESCRIPTIONSilks, Dress GoodsVOILES, POPLINS,GINGHAMS, SHIRTINGS,SKIRTINGS. WAISTINGSWHITE GOODS IN NEW STYLESNOVELTIES OF ALL KINDS IN NEWWASH GOODSREADY-TO-WEARSUITS, SKIRTSSILK AND WASH DRESSESCOME IN AND SEEOUR STOCK.FRANK & CO.5T -F-nrWALSH'SThe Store to Get ClothesFor Easter Wear-VT ;HE calendar says only a few more days tillEaster, and it will be best to get your Easterpurchasing done to-day. Don't wait until thelast minute to buy, but come in to-day and seethe good things at their best and at your leisure.Here In Our Store Will BeFound New Styles for SpringThat Men will be Glad to MeetLeading-makers have never been been better represented in our store than they are this season; Swagger styles for the younger men in the new militarymodels that are bound to please those who appreciategood clothes.Clothes the older men like are shown in distinctivemodels.The patterns and colorings are wonderful and thefabrics are of fine quality. We're satisfied with smallprofits, and that insures you of getting good values.Exceptional good values can be found in our Suits at$20.00, $22.50, $25.00$27.50, $30.00, $35.00We're Ready with Complete Easter FixingsHats, Shirts, (Neckwear and Gloves-all ofthe good quality.R. P.WALSH7th and Main One-Price Store Paris Ky.- ys Ea laDON'T BUY A SPRING SUIT.While you are conserving in foodand fuel, don't forget that you cansave and save big by having that lastsummer suit cleaned and pressed. "Wecan make it look like new and thereby save you the cost of a new one.ELECTRIC DRY CLEANING CO.(19-2t)HIGH WIND DESTROYS BARNA large frame tobacco barn on thefar mof N. Ford Brent and EdwardBurke, located on the Jackstownpike, near Paris, was blown down bythe recent high wind. The barn wasone hundred feet long and itsdestruction is a considerable loss lothe owners.The structure was erected at a'cost of $2,000. T-ho owners carried$1,100 tornado insurance on thebarn.WIFE WANTED.Middle-aged man would like tomake acquaintance of widow residingan farm. Object, matrimony. Allcommunications strictly confidential.Address C. H. M., care THE NEWS.(19-lt)For SaleI offer for sale privately, mybuilding lot on Seventh street, adjoining the property of Prof. T. A.Hendricks. Call on or addressH. J. GROSCHE,Both Phones 222.THE TAIRWALL PAPERIn spite of the present s-hortage ofwall paper, our 1918 line representsthe most complete stock we haveever assembled and put on display.Our purchases were made early during 1917, hence the prices we canquote you are very low in comparisonwith others.Come early before this superb assortment is broken. Lowest pricedline of Wall Paper in Bourboncounty.TOR FRIDAY AND SATURDAYNEXT:Grey Enameled Wash Basins, largesize, 19c; White Shelf Paper, 2 packages for 5c; large bottle Sewing Machine Oil, 7c; White Enameled TowelRack, 10c; Brass Curtain Rods, 5c;Writing Paper in boxes, 25c qualityat 17c; real China Salad Bowls, 29c;broken assortment of Door andWindow Shades, all sizes, all colors.some white on one side, green on the-other side, your choice, 39c.POTATOES!Why pay retail prices? Will sell 2V2 bushels ormore fancy screened good quality potatoes for seed ortable use (specify which) price$1.30 PER BUSHELf. o. b. Lexington, Winchester, Georgetown or Versailles. Call or writeStanhope WiedemannParis, KentuckyWALL PAPERPaints - Window GlassBrushesHouse and Sign PaintingPaper HangingInterior DecoratingWORK DONE BY EXPERTSGIVE US A CALLC. A. DAUGHERTYFifth and Main S;treetsiNA&yTHE ,Jf AIRitV -pv-:!ASr,v-"kVr- ". . ,.3TUESDAY, MAStCJIt i, im.THE BOURBON NEWS, PAWS, Y.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.&mfa,CO THE SESTNOTHING ELSESEED OATS.Seed Oats; test 4opounds; purity 99 1 -2per cent; gemination98 per cent. CloverSeed; Timothy Seed.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(mar8-8t)mm mYOUR SPRING SUIT.What had you thought of ? A darkgreen, a blue or a grey? You willfind here what you have in. mind$20 to ?40.J. W. DAVIS & CO.m m mSORGHUM $1.00 PER GALLON.Sorghum in gallon buckets $1.00per gallon.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.BOOKS FOR SOLDIERS.Gather up a lot of your old booksfor the soldiers, and send them toMiss Imogene Redmon, at the ParisPublic Library. Good fiction and warliterature of all sorts are especiallydesirable. Remembci, good readingwill be appreciated by "the boys,"'who will thank you for your remembrance of them.For fire, wind, lightning and automobileinsurance,see Yerkes& Peed, at Farmers &Traders Bank.fe IS I5iIRESH CAUGHT FISH FOR TODAY AND TO-MORROW.We will have a choice lot of freshcaught fish for to-day and to-morrow.We dress them free of charge. Phonein your order if you want sometiling choice.MARGOLEN'S SANITARY MEATMARKET.19-2t)- tihhVERY EVIDENT!Over in Paris, France, the folks aregoing right ahead lionizing SecretaryBaker just as if they had never reada word of what the patriotic (?) Senator Chamberlain said about him."Paragraphs" in Lexington Herald.And it is also evident they had notheard of Desha's case of indigestion,which, prompted him to keep up atirade against Secretary Baker!Pa P3 JATTENTION. K OF P.There will be drill and inspectionof A. J. Lovely Company, UniformRank, Knights of Pythias, at theirCastle Hall, in the Wilson Building,at Third and Main streets, at 7:30o'clock, Wednesday evening. Allmembers are requested to be presentin full uniform.WM. W. DUDLEY, Capt.m m isSPRING CLOTHES NEED ATTENTION. Don't discard that last season'ssuit. It can be made to look likenew by cleaning and pressing. Letus fix it up for you.ELECTRIC DRY CLEANING CO.(19-2t)m m mTO ADMINISTER ESTATE.In the County Court Judge GeorgeBatterton appointed George Rose, ofParis, as administrator of the estateof X. J. Ross, of near Jacksonville,who died in a Lexington hospital recently. Mr. Rose qualified for theposition by furnishing bond in thesum of $20,000. The estate consistsof a fine farm near Jacksonville, andpersonal property, all totaling about$25,000.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mr. A. B. Prank, of Frank & Co.,left Sunday for a business and pleasure trip to New York City.Mr. and Mrs. Milton C. Browning, of Cleveland, Ohio, arrived Sunday for visit to Paris relatives.: Mrs. Albert Hinton is confinedto her room at her home on Highstreet, suffering from an attack ofmeasles.Mrs. J. Stuart Roberts a!nddaughter, Miss Margaret Ferguson,have returned from a visit to relatives in Lexington.Mrs. George Alexander anddaughters, Misses Marian and Elizabeth Clay Alexander, are visiting relatives in Piqua, Ohio.Mr. Ed. F. Simms has returnedto Houston, Texas, after a visit tohis sister, Miss Lucy Simms, on Second street, this city."A. H. Robinson, from Louisville,and L. R. Huffman, from Paris, Ky.,are among the late arrivals at Eustisfrom the Bluegrass State."Mr. and Mrs. J. Tolliver Youngand little babe have returned to theirhome near Paris, after a visit to Mrs,Young's mother, Mrs. Annie Hawkins, in vLexington.The Tampa, Fla., correspondenceof Sunday's Courier-Journal says: j"E. F. Newcomb and Marion Newcomb, of Paris, Ky., are among therecent arrivals at Bardstown.Mr. J. H. Neal, who was formerly connected with the Paris officeof the Cumberland Telephone Co.,and who was transferred to the Nicholasville office, has moved his familyto Ashland, where he has accepted aposition.Mr. Allen Kiser arrived, lastweek from the Confederate Home atPewee Valley, for a visit to relativesand friends. Mr. Kiser says THENEWS is always a most welcome vistor at the Home, and is eagerlysought by the Bourbon county veteranse, and read from start to finish.A serices of evangelistic services was begun in the Masonic Temple Friday night by Evangelistic E.O. Hobbs, who conducted a series ofof tent meetings here last summer.Rev. Mr. Hobbs will be assisted byRev. Herrington, who was associatedwith him in. the tent meetings lastsummer. The public is extended acordial invitation to attend thesemeetings.Frankfort State Journal: "Mr.J. Quincy Ward was with his brother,Mr. J. Miller Ward, and Mrs. Ward,in their Bourbon county home Sunday, having gone to attend a buffet luncheon which they gave fortheir son, Lieut. H. Clay Ward, U.S. A., who brought with him fromFort Oglethrope, Ga , ten French andEnglish, officers that they could seethe beauties of the Bluegrass."(Other Personals on Page 3)m m mNEW AUTO OWNERS.In the list of new auto ownerspublished from the office of the Commissioner of Motor Vehicles at Frankfort, the following from Bourboncounty appear: T. H. Thompson,Millersburg, and J. B. Woodford.Faris.WILL TAKE NEW POSITION.-Mr. O. P. Carter, Jr., general delivery clerk in the Paris postoffice,has received an appointment asSpecial Revenue Agent in the Department of Internal Revenue, andwill have his headquarters at Huntington, W. Va.Mr. Carter received a telegramfrom Washington, Saturday night,notifying him of the appointment.He has had a. large and varied experience in the revenue business,having served four years as storekeeper and guager in the revenue service during the last administrationof President Grover Cleveland. ""Hewas for several years manager of theChicken Cock Distilling Co.'s interests when they operated the distillery and warehouse business inEast Pdris., Mr. Carter will leave about the lastof this month for Huntington to assume his duties. His territory willinclude Kentucky and West Virginia.iHis successor as general deliveryIclerk will be announced soon.Several are on the eligible list.It was rumored yesterday that theappointment would go to Mr. RobertRose, now in the L. & N. service.fe 3 3 .PULL LINE DRY GOODS ADDED ATPARIS RACKET STORE.We wish to announce to the publicthat we have added a full line ofdry goodfe to our regular stock andwould appreciate your inspection ofsame.PARIS RACKET STORE.H. B. Carr, Proprietor.(15mar-3t)fe ISNO WONDER. WITH A NAME LIKETHAT.In Police Court yesterday, whenthe name of J. J. VandwickervortCrommerlin, a Hollander, was called,Police Judge Ernest Martin nearlyhad a fit, and the court officials asked him if the man had brought allhis name with him. Crommerlin hadbeen placed under arrest for exceeding the speed limit in riding a motorcycle through the city, en route tohis duties at the Xalapa Farm of Mr.Edward Simms, near Paris. The evidence proving conclusive, he was assessed a fine of $22.50. Crommerlin,who ;s a landscape gardener by occupation, had not been In this countryvery long, and evidently was unacquainted with the rules and regulalations governing speed-burning.Next!m mJUST 'NOTHER TEST RUN FOREIRE BOYS.The insistent voice of the big tower bell on the roof of the Fire Department tolling out an alarm from Box34, yesterday caused as much commotion as the landing of a German shellin the court house. Telephone exchanges were beseiged with inquiriesas to location of the fire. An investigation developed that it was another test of the fire department'sefficiency, made by Mayor January.The department responded promptlyand made the run in six minutes withfull equipment, to Nineteenth street,where the usual tests were made.i PBSiiHPiSiliv ii'i&rciics mItPAINT.We have bought the entire stockof Peaslee-Gaulbert Co. paint fromDrake, Ruckno & Fisher, of Lexington. No better paint made. We are going save you one dollar per gallon.It is the best for either inside or outside ork.White and most all colors including paints for porches and floors atS2.75 ner gallon.We will have a bargain counter, onsmall lots of paints as low as 60 centsper quart.Come in and look it over. You willnot have an opportunity to buy atthese prices again. 'FARMERS SUPPLY CO.(19-2t)m m mOEF EOR CANADA!Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Willis and family, accompanied by several Bourboncounty boys, left last Friday forHughton, Saskatchewan, Canada,where Mr. Willis will take charge ofthe big wheat and flax ranche,"Bourbon Ranche," belonging to E.F. Spears & Sons, of this city. Amongthose who accompanied them fro?hya. wptp Louis Margolen, L. T.Leach, Dan Kennedy, Charlie Parrish J. T. Willis and Wm. Hudnell.They will assist in the cultivationand harvesting this year of 2,300acres of spring wheat and four hundred acres of oats and flax. Theparty was also accompanied byJohn Gurran and wife, colored. Theywill remain in Canada through thesummer and return some time inOcoTor later. THE NEWS will follow them, and will no doubt be a1 . !........ in ii nanm of nisrhtswelcome visilui m wv.-.-xr-- - ,-vlUa their thoughts turn backwardto th -"old. -Kentucky uum-.Sousa and his BandThey send the thrill of patriotism coursingthrough every fibre of your being I"U. S. Field Artillery March"tand "Liberty Loan March."Victor double-faced Record 18430. Ten-inch, 75c"Lorraine" cnd"Chimes of Normandy"Songs of France that help weld us closerto our ally in a common bond of sympathy.Victor double-faced Record 45 14S. Ten-inch, 31.00Come in and hear these and otherNew Victor Records for MarchDaugherty Bros.-T t-ittBBBBSBHBnBj 'ti,S8IISSSS&saIisj1I-413$Ssit135i1Ltt3i-Just Arrived!NewSPRING SUITS, COATS ANDDRESSES." ' V.In All the Latest Colors and MaterialsNEWSPRING MILLINERYARRIVING DAILY- ' !We also have a beautiful line ofnew Spring White Goods, WashGoods and many other materials toselect from.Come in and Inspect Our Select LinesHARRY SIMONAgents For Munsing Wear, Warner's Rust Proof Corsetsand Eiffel Brand HosieryBhHWWWWMHMThe Big Cash SaleWhere You Get the Lowest Prices and the Best GoodsIs Still Going On, and Will Continue Until April 1st.Anticipate Your Needs.The Great Way Sagless SpringsAre in Our SaleatfQr2 WrV""" rrwi -f? M!.Try One for 60 Days; if it Don't Suit Send it BackMATTING RUGS9x12 Feet; Sale Price $460 Look at the QualityIf we do not sell you Better Goods For Less Moneywe do not expect to sell you.Join Our Kitchen Cabinet Club!THE J. T HINTON CO.MOTOR HEARSEMOTOR INVALID COACHUNDERTAKING"EITHERPHONE" 36SIXTH AND MAIN STS.w in uym 1 -, 1 1 1 HW" ' rtw W"ti t0i,fmt!"Wl asaiayBTU1QPAY, MA1CH If, lttmax ax.. ST 'TTWj, rf .JhJ l-arc g TT".KCLajC AJJ::- ,KENTUCKY OILEXCHANGEJHioeaix Htd, Lexington, Ky. 'omSToeies anbiveases1LT AND SOLD.Will buy subjectSouthwestern OilComet OilMcCombs Oil.OJejjst BeflningBiiD&kCoalnd MiningMonarch. Vacuum Pet OHWe will sell subjectComet Oil ?2.00v Hoffman Oil, Ky. 3.00Pan American " 1.00Crown Oil 90.Cumb. P. R 1.05Bamet Oil & Gas 1.15Kentucky-Wyoming 50.Monarch V. Pet 1.75lied River Oil 1.25McCombs Oil 1.00Rice Oil 50Oleum Refining 5.50Uncle Sam 50(mar5-tf)SpringAnnouncement!LADIES' NEWSuits, Coats,Millinery, Shoes,Waists, Etc.TWIN BROS.Department StoreMain and Seventh StreetsMARGOLEN'SLambCorn Fed BeefVeal&-All Home-KilledaTHE WAR, THE FARMAND THE FARMERr,fly Herbert QuickfThe fanner ;vexywhre loTeaptace. Thf American fanner especially lores peace. Since the dawn ofhistory, ' faitrhai Jeen the manwho differed meet from war. All thathe possesses lies out of doors in plainfcfat'lto is. spoil of war hte oasef.fUstkraixL his liveeteck. The, aes-thm.t UwYit ihf sirleK in the- rear of.every invading army are consumingtte 'things that yesterday representedhis Jife werki and. the life labors ofpast generations of farmers.'Everywhere the farmer is a warriorwhen war is the only thing which willtmake and. keep him, free. He cannotrally to the colors- as v quickly as canthe dwellers in the cities, because ittakes longer to send to the farms thecall to arms, .It-takes. longer, to callthe farmers from the fields than thecity dwellers from the shops. Manydo not hear the first blast of thetrumpet Others do not at first understand its meaning because they havenot had the time to talk the matter, oyer, with their acquaintances. Instead those nationsrwhlch remained cut offi of . reading half a dozen extras a day,the farmer may read weekly papersonly. He must have more time in asudden emergency to make up his,mind.It is impossible to set the farmersof the United States on fire by meansof any sudden spark of rumor. Butwhen they do ignite, they burn witha slow, hot fire which nothing can putout. They are sometimes the last toheat up; but they stay hot In a longfight they are always found sturdilycarrying the battle across No-Man'sLand in the last grim struggle. 'TheAmerican farmer will give all that hehas and all that he is to win thisgreat war against war.This war was at first hard to understand. No armed foe had invaded theUnited States. The night skies werenot reddened by burning ricks andfarm houses. No raiding partiesrobbed us of our cattle or horses. Nosaber-rattlers insulted our women. Itseemed to many of us that we werenot at war the thing was so far off.We did not realize what a giant warhad become a monster with a thousand arms that could reach, across theseas and take from us three-fourths ofeverything we grew. But finally wesaw that it was so.If the Imperial German governmenthad made and enforced an order thatno American farmer should leave hisown land, haul grain or drive stock;,to town, it would have done only alittle more than it accomplished byits interdict against the freedom of thesea. What was the order againstwhich we rebelled when we went info this wax? Iatsthe cdMon 0f;the Amercaaax;mrv& 'mtf fjmtypart oi'j.i4 anaxaeiiuand see.When the war broke out, throughsurprise and panic we partially gave,up -for a while the use of the sea as.a highway. And the farmers ' ofAmerica faced ruin. I know an Iowafarmer who sold his 1914 crop of 25000hishels offbeat for seventy cents,a bushel. Farmers in the south soldtheir cotton for half the cost of producing it All this time those portions -of the world whose ports wereopen were ready to pay almost anyprice for our products. When finallywe set our ships in motion once more,prosperity returned to the farms. Butit never returned for the farmers offrom ocean traffic.Take the case of Australia. Therethree crops have remained unsold onthe farms. No ships could be sparedto make the long voyage to Australia.So in spite of the efforts of the government to save the farmers fromruin", grain has rotted in the open.Millions of tons have been lost forlack of a marketSuch conditions spell irretrievabledisaster. Such conditions would haveprevailed in this country from the outbreak of the war until now if ourgovernment had not first resisted withevery diplomatic weapon, and finallydrawn the sword.Why did we draw the sword? Tokeep up the price of wheat and cotton, and to protect trade only? Ifsomeone should order you to remainon your farm, and not to use the public highways, would your resistancebe based only on the fear of loss inprofits from failure to market yourcrops? ,By no means! You would fightto the last gasp! Not to make money,but to be free!When a man is enslaved, all heloses in money is his wages. But thewhite man has never been able to accept slavery. He has never yet beensuccessfully enslaved. There rises upin him against servitude a resentmentso terrible that death always ispreferable.(This i the first of three articles. The second to be published next week.)CALL TO JOIN THE ARMY WITHTHE HOE.land should 'be turned into a WarGarden, producing food.i Mr. Hoover is authority for theTo The People of Every City and statement that the food situation ofTown in Kentucky: the world must steadily degenerate asMr. Herbert C. Hoover, the United long as the war lasts: that further-States Food Administrator, is plead-1 more, our overtaxed railroads, whiching for aid from the people of thecities and towns. The need for an in- j the whole course of the war, will becreasea proaucuon or rooa-stuirs isimperative, not only to help our alliesbut to serve our own American boysfrom needless sacrifice and suffering.At JIr. Hoover's request, Mr. F.M. Sackett, U: S. Food Administratorfor Kentucky, has appointed a Warwill continue to be overtaxed duringgreatly relieved if we have largeiarea of gardens planted.Every community, large or small,that makes itself self-sustaining andindependent of supplies that have inthe past been delivered by the railroads, will be helping by just thatGarden Division, with instructions)' much to relieve the congestion ofurge every patriotic man, woman and traffic and clear the road to rushchild in the State to join in the ' sunnlies to the front.nation-wide campaign to put undercultivation the land lying idle in,and adjacent to, cities and towns.It can not be too strongly urgedthat unless the people of the citiesand towns raise more beans, potatoes''Mr. Hoover very strongly emphasizes and other winter ciops that will taketnat place of bread, the shortage offood supplies next winter will bringabout ai very serious situation.Last year, by reason of the overwhelming amount of work that devolved upon the Food Administration,the War Garden Work was not thoroughly organized, nor was the needfor it given sufficiently wide publicity. But, notwithstanding these serious handicaps, Mr. Hoover feelsthat the War Garden Movement of1917 played an important part insaving the country from positiveshortage.It must, therefore, stand clearthat your individual efforts and activity in bringing about productionof food crops upon idle land, is indeed a most important factor directlyaffecting the welfare of our militarystatus, and, in so doing, you are lending patriotic effoit to the cause asdistinctively as are the men underarms.This is a real, and an urgent, callto the colors a challenge for you to.loin the army with the hoe!CHARLES G. STRATER,Chairman, War Garden Division, U.S. Food Administration of Kentucky. fa ?3 pa .the necessity of raising beans, potatoes and other vegetables that willkeep during the coming winter whenfood at any price will be scarce.Our own soldiers in France cannothold their sectors if the fightinglines of the British and French cannot hold theirs. They must all win,or all be crushed. Our allies are ingreat need of food. For over threeyears they have fbeen fighting ourbattle. Shall we let them fail?Shall the American soldier be overrun' by the armies of Germany's WarLord? This decision, so fraughtwith the weal or woe of all, dependsupon the combined individual effortof each single person in this countryas well as "over there."The War Garden Division is urging that a local War Garden Committee in each community will undertake to get idle lots cultivated andmade productive. List the availablevacant property and get the people towork who will undertake the patriotic duty of thus helping to win thewar.It is the aim of the War GardenDivision that every back yard, everyvacant lot and every idle tract ofDr. Wm. Riley FranklinOPTOMETRISTMftRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketI Practice Limited to the Correctionof Defective Vision by ProperlyPitted Lenses.CAHAL BROSARtER SHOPfjmmmt and Xeurteoua Attention tov4Ptrawe.4-E. TENN. PHONE No. 7.HOME PHONE No.' 303Call Made tcTAny Part ofCity or Countv.sM , -v . ,FORGOT WHAT HE NEEDED.From the Republican, Mt. Giliad,Ohio: The editor had an interestingexperience some time ago, when aToung gentleman came to his officeand asked for a copy of the MorrowCounty Republican. He scrutinizedit carefully when a copy was handedhim, and then said: "Now I know!"'"What is it you are looking for," wcinquired. "My wife sent me aftera bottle of Chamberlain's CoughRemedy, and I forgot the name. Ient to several stores and the clerknamed over everything on the shelfexcept "Chamberlain's", I'll tryagain, and I'll never go home without Chamberlain's Cough Remedy."The Republican would suggest to theproprietors of drug stores, that thevpost, their clerks, and never let theiiisubstitute. Custimers lose faith instores where substituting is permittedto say nothing of the injustice to themakers br good goods and "the disappointment of customers.(adv. March)PEEL LIKE GIVING UP?-ji i. x.,miWM wmii.SBSBHSaBSSaSSBSSSBSSS.Many Paris PequieOi the Verge of!uoiiapse.A bad back makes yon miserableall the timeLame every morning; sore all day.It hurts to stoop it hurts tostraighten.What with headache, dizzy spells,urinary weakness.No wonder people are discouragedWho do not know the kidneys maybe the cause of It all.Give the weakened kidneys needful help.Use jh tested and proven kidneyremedy.None endorsed like Doan's Kidney.riiis.Mrs. Jno. Mastin, 1439 High street,Paris, says: "I have used Doan'sKidney Pills with srood results" and Ji know from the help they gave -me fthat Miey would be just as beneficialin other cases of kidney trouble. Ihad a dead, dull ache across thesmall of my back and my kidneysacted irregularly. Doan's Pills ridme of those complaints and if Ishould need a kidney remedy again,1 would certainly take Doan's."Mrs. Mastin is only one of manyParis people who have gratefully endorsed Doan's Kidney Pills. If yourhack aches, if your kidneys botheryou, don't simply ask for a kidneyremedy ask distinctly for Doan'sKidney Pills, the same that Mrs. Mastin had the remedy backed by hometestimony. 60 cents at all stores.Foster-Milburn Co., Props., Buffalo,N. Y. "When you back is lame, remember the name." (adv)fe pS 1E2-RAYMOND BOOTH FREEDFAMILY BIBLE RECORD.BYA birth record in his parents' family .Bible was the defense testimonywhich resulted in the dismissal ofRaymond Booth, of Carlisle, who wasarranged before Federal Commissioner C. U. Ward, in Lexington, on acharge of failure to register for military duty.Booth, who, had steadily maintained that he had not reached the ageof twenty-one when the selective service registration was held last June5, exhibited the family Bible at thehearing, which recorded his Birth onSeptember 15, 1896. He was immediately freed.fe 1 Hi 'BAD TASTE IN YOUR MOUTH.PARISGAS&ELECTRieee.f't(Incorporated)Paris. Kentucky- -; -ir TILLUMINATING 'First 10Q K. W. Hrs. Used 12c per K. W..lie10c..9c8b. 7cNextlOQ" ltfO" aoa" 100100All in excess of above, 6 cts. per K. W. A'Discount of l-2.per K". W. will be allowed, if billiff paid 'o?M)$r before T 10i of month. Minimumbill $1.00.POWER1st 100 K. W. or fraction 10c per K. W.2ndl00 " " " 9c " '3rdl00' " " " 8c "4th 100- " " " 7c "NextlOO " " 6c "All in excess of above, 5 cts. per K. W. ADiscount of l-2c per K. W. will be allowed if billis paid on or before 10th of month. Minimum bill$2.00 per month for 1st H. P. of motor installationand 75c per month for each additional H. P.Over 500 K. W.First 500 K. W.,Next 2,500 "" 10,000 "net 6c per K.4c "" 21-2c "W.Minimum bill $2.00 per month for 1st H. P. ofmotor installation and 75c per month for eachadditional H. P.When you have had a bad taste inyour mouth you may know that yourdigestion is faulty. A dose of Chamberlain's Tablets will usually correctthe disorder. They also cause a gentle movement of the bowels. You;will find this to be one of the bestmedicines you have ever become acquainted with,(adv. March)imiIs theie a law of supply and demand? If there was, could it be regulated and suspended by governmentsas has been done by the warringnations?A MAN AND HIS WIFEmay both derive satisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance t)f new, inconjunction with the knowledgethatyou are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you., A phone brings U3.LEVY, .THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 Home Phone 169 2THEINDEPENDENTtobacco Warehouse Company(Incorporated)PARIS, KENTUCKYBreaks All Records of Any Marketor Warehouse in the StateWhen It Sold Tuesday, March 5th, 100,325 Pounds of Tobacco for $44,055.85A Floor Average of $43.91A Crop of 2,550 Pounds Belonging to Thomason, Burris & Hinkston for anAverage of $58.40And Sold the Highest Priced Basket of the Season at$78.00 Per Hundred PoundsBaskets in the Thomas, Burris & Hinkston crop sold as follows:115 pounds $52.50; 220 pounds $55.50; 175 pounds $60.00; 210 pounds $54.50;200 pounds$54.50; 210 pounds $60.00; 175 pounds $78.00; 60 pounds $77.00; 200 pounds $58 00- 125pounds $60.00; 290 pounds $58.50; 205 pounds' $60. 00; 170 pounds $50.50; 80 pounds' -$47 00115 pounds $54.50. " 'Other Crop Averages in This Sale Were:Young & Robinson4525 pounds, averaged $54,06Plummer, McClure & Jones1975 pounds, averaged.... 50.24-Plummer, McClure & Vimont1975 pounds, averaged ... . 47,84Thomason, Burris & Fleming r,3255 pounds, averaged .-; . . 4T.5'4Plummer, McClure & Frederick3580 pounds, averaged 43 ,8 7Thomason, Burris & Wagner1890 pounds, averaged 48.2 1Thomason, Burris & Wagner5330 pounds, averaged $47.00Jones & Mason -1340 pounds, averaged 43.82J. W. Young, Jr.3930 pounds, averaged 46.33Jacoby & Gray7075 pounds, averaged' 41 ,45Ewalt & Kenton4590 pounds, averaged 38.90Clay & Neal2530 pounds, averaged 44.94The Independent Tobacco Warehouse Co.N(Imoomratei.)PARISH KENTUCKY'1SLJs52 Main St. Paris, Ky,-;-'- StTATO OOLD 1ATES.VT- 1ifv' TUESDAY, 3MARCH 19, 1918.OTE BOURBON NEWS, PABIS, KY.PACTLUCKY STRIKECIGARETTEIN a year it has becomefamous; the man's cigarette for the men who areworking over here, andfighting over there.The reason? Becauseit's made of Burley pipetobacco and becauseIT'S TOASTEDiOTp Guaranteed byORATSD "DON'T SCOLD. MOTHEE!THE CROSS .CHILD ISBILIOUS. HEVERISHLook At .Tongue! If Coated, Cleaniattie btomacn, laver.Bowels.Don't scold vour fretful, neevishchild. See if tongue is coated; this'is a sure sign its little stomach, live jand bowels are clogged with sourwaste."When listless, pale, feverish, fullof cold, "breath bad, throat sore,1doesn't eat, sleep or act naturally,-'has stomach ache, indigestion, diar-lihoea, give a teapoonful of "Cali-jfornia Syrup of Figs," and in a fewflours jail the waste, the sour bile andfermenting food passes out of thebowels and you have a well and playful child again. Children love thisharmless "fruit laxative," and mothers can rest easy after giving it, because it never fails to make theirlittle "insides" clean and sweet.Keep it foandy, mother! A littlep-iVpti tr-r"nv RA"irp; n sin.Tr rhilr" tn-morrow, but get the genuine. Askyourdruggist for a bottle of "Cali-fornia Syrup of Figs," which has di-jroctions for babies, children of allages and for grown-ups plainlyprinted on the bottle. Remember;there are counterfeits sold here, sojsurely look and see, that yours ismade by the "California Fig SyrupCompany." Hand back with contempt any other fig surup.(adv)Es "PaTurkish Language Easy.The Turkish language, although spoiten in many dialects, isso uniformIn plan that anyone who speaks Ottoman Turkish can be understood-whiletraveling from European Turkeythrough Asia Minor and Central Asia.It is said that the one fault withthe American troops is that they aretoo eager to get at the Germans.That can hardly be styled a defect.THE TWENTY CENT ROAD TAX.A careful survey of the road conditions in Kentucky reveals a sadlack of revenue for meeting thepresent prices of labor and material,needed for the proper constructionand maintenance of modern roads,even in the rich counties that areefficient and economical with theirroad funds.All county authorities are confronted with virtually the same roadproblems. Most are building a fewmiles of good roads by neglectingthe maintenance of many others,"robbing Peter and paying Paul, 'while slowly but surely our roadsas a system are deteriorating undeithe strain of modern traffic for thelack of revenue.The 20 per cent. Road Tax provided by the last Legislature as an'addition to the present road levyshould be voted as a solution. Itwill virtually double the revenue,with no financial burden to anyone.It is far superior to any bond is-sue, producing a steady income,that does not have to be repaid withinterest.It will cost the average tax payerbut a few more dollars per year, assuring him better roads for the cheaper marketing of his crops, saving"many times over the wear and tearon his vehicles, wagons and automobiles. It will add dollars to his real estate, where the additional tax costshim cents. It will be one of the bestbusiness propositions he has ever engaged in, and an act of patriotismin the service of his Nation that hewlli never regret.The man who is against the 20cRoad Tax is against his own interests, against the uplift and progressof his country and is not the rightkind of a man in these troubloustimes, when his country Is callinghim to help supply and feed the armies and strengthen the arm of theboys in the trenches fighting the batties of each and every one.HOE POLISHESPRESERVE THE LEATHERLIQUIDS AMD PASTES -FORBLACK, VflKJTETTANf DAHKBROWM'ORCKHiOOD SHOESrm rr-MLtxy cewonATieKa. ltb. mvtFAi. w.v.MR. S1MPKINS PAYSHIS INCOME TABy ROBERT McBLAIR.Mr. Simpkins gazed at the portraiton the wall till his eyes filled withtears. It was a portrait of his father,Colonel Simpkins, who had four timesbeen promoted for valor during theCivil War and had died bravely on thefield of action. Mr. Simpkins' throatached now for two reasons: First, hereverenced and adored the memory ofhis father; secondly, his age and hiseyes and his game leg wouldn't let him0 to war himself. And as he observedthe martial bearing and uncompromising gaze of Colonel Simpkins he saw,in imagination, the khaki clad lads ofthe new generation marching forth andcrossing three thousand miles of sea tofight, maybe die, for liberty.Mr. Simpkins peered around to makesure that neither Bess nor John (whowere at the teasing ages of sixteenand seventeen) were where they couldsee him, then he straightened andthrew his right arm up for a salute.But his gouty shoulder twinged, and hegroaned. He couldn't even salute."Damn!" said Mr. Simpkins, andwith his other hand fiercely twirled hiswhite mustachlos.' He turned and limped into the library and sat down creakily before themahogany desk on which were lyingthe blanks for his income tax statement, blanks which he had rathergrumpily got from the Internal Revenue officer only that day after luncheon on his way home from the club.Mr. Simpkins' Income lor 1917 hadamounted to Just about $15,000, and hehad been rather snappy on the subject of taxes ever since he had discovered that the more income a man hasthe greater the percentage of it hepays in taxes. He could think of several men who, like himself, were married and had two children, and yet,although their incomes were nearlyhalf of his, they would pay only asmall fraction of the amount he paid.He gloomily drew the blank nearerand began filling in the Informationthat it asked for.As Mr. Simpkins' income was $15,000he had to figure out the amounts payable on each of the successive smallerclasses of incomes in order to arriveat the total due from himself. Hepassed over the first class who mustpay taxes, that Is, single men makingover 1,000. His calculation for married men then showed up as follows :First, they pay 2 per cent (underthe 1018 law) on all income over$4,000, deducting $200 for each of theirchildren under eighteen years. In Mr.Simpkins' case this was $212, which heput down in the "payable" column.He saw next that, under the 1917law, married men pay an additional 2per cent on all over $2,0(K) with thesame allowance for children. Thisadded $252 to his "payable" column. JMHe then observed that for every$2,500 jump in his income over $5,000he had to pay a Surtax, the percentagegrowing larger with each jump. Thiswas $250 more added to his burden.And on top of all this came an "Excess Profits" tax of 8 per cent, on all"occupation" Income over $6,000, making $720 more.The total, then, he must pay was fourteen hundred and thirty-four dollars."Whew!" exclaimed Mr. Simpkinsangrily. "There's young Henry Wilkins, who married Jake Johnson's girl,he makes $2,000 and he doesn't pay acent, of taxes. I guess this is his waras well as mine!"Thinking of young Henry Wilkins,he remembered that Mrs. Wilkins wentevery afternoon to make bandages forthe Bed Cross and that Henry, whowas a lawyer, was aiding the LocalDraft Board with its questionnaires."Well,' he admitted, to himself,"that makes a difference."He thought next of Judge Willoughby, whose income was about $3,000."He only pays $20," commented Mr.Simpkins, not quite so angrily thistime; and then a thought struck himand he sa up rigidly in his chair.Judge Willoughby's son had beendrowned on the Tuscania when it wassubmarined with the loss of two hundred soldiers."Judge Willoughby gave his son toAmerica," muttered Mr. Simpkins.He leaned forward suddenly and puthis face in his hands.For a long 'time Mr. Simpkins satvery still in that position. There wasno sound in the library except theticking of the tall clock and an occasional trill of laughter from the children skylarking upstairs. The squareof light on the carpet gradually withdrew Itself through the window, andfirst twilight and then darkness settledin about the quiet, white haired, sometimes irascible old man.Mr. Simpkins was thinking thingswhich he would never afterward speakof, he was thinking things that weretoo sacred ever to be put into words.But some Inkling of his thoughts maybe found in his' rejoinder to Mrs.Simpkins when that placid lady cameIn and turned on the lights, and askedhim whether he was ready -for dinner."Judge Willoughby's only son wasworth as much as fourteen hundredand thirty-four dollars, wasn't he?"Mr. Simpkins demanded of her.As his wife, who was not unused tohis superficial irritations, watched himin mild astonishment, Mr. Simpkinslimped out to the hall and took hisold felt hat and silver-headed canefrom the hat rack. Letting himself outInto the foggy evening, he tapped hisway down to the corner, and mailed hisIncome tax statement and check withhis own hands."Now, God be thanked," said Mr.Simpkins as the lid clanked shut overhis missive, "I can do this much' formy country, anyhow. - -,. wCjRCi-??I (-V -$. I ""J3L&rvUvAd d? ?'fa&. Jftin&fc Je(aMZfTMi LyJvin)Diyt2cavnnMORE work, more working hours, more ground covered greater Persnnal Efficiencv that is the demand which our Country and our Alliesare making upon every man of us -whose hard duty ft is to Stay Homeand "carry on.11We must supply the "Sinews of War.It is this economic situation that has made the motor car both a businessnecessity and a weapon with which we are waging and will win the War.The Paige Dartmoor "Six'39" is fast, sure, economical to operate, a mechanicalmasterpiece as well as "The Most Beautiful Car in America.' Thous'ands of business and professional men are finding it Efficiency's Ally.Essex "Six-55" 7-passenger $1830; Coupe "Six-55 4-passcnscr 52850; TovnCar "Six-55" 7-passenger $3230 Limousine "Six-55 7-passerer $3230;Sedan "Six-55 7-passenger $2850; Larchmortt -Six-55 passenger $1950;Linwood "Six-39" 5-passenser $1395: Glendale "Six-39" Chummy Roadster$1395; Cabriolet "Six-39" $1690; Dartmoor "Six-39 2 or 3-psssenger $1395;Sedan "Six-39" 5-passenger $1925. All Prices f. o. b. Detroit.Mr USPAIGE-DETROIT MOTOR CAR COMPANY, DETROIT, MICHIGANr. P. WHITEWith Diclcerson & Douglas Garage, 4t and High St.. ParisSERVICE STATIONSIX MACHINE GUNS ITRED BY,SINGLE OPERATOR.To increase the deadliness of themachine gun, an American inventorlias nnmft tn tTiA fnrA with an nrmn..ratus that enables from two to six of.the weapons to be handled by oneopertor and two assistants. Therifles can be fired separately, ingroups, or simultaneously, as conditions dictate. They are mounted injia a rack and conti oiled by differentdevices that regulate their respectiveelevations, ranges, and rates of fire.With the contrivance it is possiblefor one gunner to sweep six targetsof varying ranges at the same time, Ior concentrate the whole fury of thebattery upon one of them. Themechanism is shown in detail in theApril Popular Mechanics Magazine.is lei aaDON'T BE A SLACKER!Prom the -Red Cross Chapter comesfhio OQTnoet ntinpal' . t"Don't be a Red Cross slacker!We miss you from the Red Crossrooms. There is fo much to be done,though a few a.:e failing to respondto the country's call. If you cantwork at the Red Cross rooms, do yourbit at your homes. We need you forthe Surgical Dressings and we needyou for knitting. Don't forget thisis being done for our boys, and theyare not forgetting us. The Red Ctos3will reach your boy when you cannot."GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, KThere is more Catarrah in this section of the courtry than all other diseases put together, and for years itwas supposed to be incurable. Doctors prescribed local remedies, andby constantly failing to cure with local treatment, pronounced it incurable. Catarrh is a local disease, greatly influenced byconstitutional treatment. Hall'sCatarrh Medicine, manufactured byP. J. Cheney & Co.,'ToTedo, Ohio, is.aconstitutional remedy, is taken internally and acts thru the blood onthe Mucous Surfaces of the SystemOne Hundred Dollars Reward isoffered for any case that Hall'sCatarrh Medicine fails to cure. Sendfor testimonials.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, OSold "by all Druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for Constipation.(adv. March)GREAM SHIPPERS!I Wish to State that I am BuyingCream at the Same Old Place.As your past dealings with me havebeen very satisfactory, I solicityour Cream, as my motto is:TOP PRICES HONEST TESTFULL WEIGHTSHonest and Fair Dealing to AllFrankfort Butter Co.No. 5 Broadway Paris, Ky.R. H. HARP, ManagerlfcCuresand preventsThis most dangerous Vu flfTA.orallbabyciilcfcdlfl- Tf 1U13M JXWltlVelr 1inMM 4M Aweventeq, lilxfll I1I1CUr cared. -' Tby putting 2 or 3 drops aXBwrta PNffry Bwrty. tttA drinklBff water during ta.' first tea days. Cures rapef.cteolerm.sorehead, roan ana couw. a jcine. - Atdraeetsts or Jby sailssteald. PeHWryBoolcFrea.KWsf )feji I5j$iS0$The Right NumberWhen you go out to make-a call in rfersonjyou alwaysassure yourself of the right address.In making a telephone call it. saves a lot of time andbother to be sure of "the number.The absolutely sure way is to first consult the telephone directory not trusting to memory and thenlisten carefully when the operator repeats back to youthe number, correcting her if she is wrong.Paris Home Telephone S Telegraph Co., (Incorporated)J.J.VEATCH, W. H. CUWOH,Dtttnct Manager.iII2teusuiikKie4yCe., DfftL.MT, Lj4ffg Ks.;:.L vr : i,--&T(t- T.v .v&, Bp$ 1T-ifiTy """? "leWS3Jill 11 11 ifilfliilT it i , ufiuiJPfV-7-"kWM1 ijgwiiiyariuy'iiii'vF 1i" -'jiiyMliiiiii i "i'Mjt.- rryg7'$-t.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY, HJlRCBL II, ltlL'PAGE EIGHT,4tv9I9C2TWO WEEKS MORE'r -P? f aOF A. F.WHEELER S FEBRUARY ANDMARCH SALEIVtEIkMILLERSBURG.Mr. J. H. Barnes is confined toi . Jiis home with, neuritis.. Quite a number of dogs werer poisoned here during th'e past fewdays.Col. C. M. Best returned Satur---day-after a ten-days sojourn at Daw-t Elder Alex. Sanders, of, Paris,-was -the guest of his daughter, Mrs."Wl G. 'Dailey, Sundaj.Regular meeting of AmityLodge, No. 40, F. and A. M., at- even-thirty p. m., this evening.Leiut. Richard Huffman has re" turned to his duties at Camp Grant,r Hocliford, 111., after a few days witti"his friends at home.Mr. Ollie Kurst, of Lexington,and mother-in-law, Mrs. Gum, of De--'troLt, Mich., are guests of his brother- 'Smd sister, Mr. O. E. Hurst and wife.iMrs. Bayles BeBell, of Ewing," anieved Saturday from Lexington,after several weeks visit there, to herdaughter, Mrs. George Jeffreys, andis the guest of her daughter, Mrs. it.II. Caldwell.Miss Mary Sweeney, of Lexing-" ton, will give a "war bread" demon-stration in the Domestic Sciencetoco of the Miller sburg College,Thursday afternoon, at two o'clock.The ladies are cordially invited toIbe present and hear Miss Sweeneyand witness the demonstration.The many friends and patientsof Dr. W. G. Daliey will be gladjto learn tnat ne nas aecunea to accept the flattering offer made him recently by the board of the MassillonHospital for the Insane, at Massil-Jon, O. Some time ago the Superin-jtpndent of the institution corresponded with Dr. Dailey relative to thisposition. Dr. Dailey took the matter up, considered it seriously, and.finally declined to accept: This Hospital is a State institution with more ,than 1,800 inmates.Mrs. J. F. Lang has returned toher home in Cincinnati, after aweek's visit to Mrs. Dennis McMahan.Mrs. Harry Ham a-nd Miss EthelWard, of Carlisle, were guests Saturday and Sunday of Mrs. James Howard and daughters.RED CROSS NOTICE. This isold clothes week for the Red Cross,and a call has come for books for thesoldiers in the camps. The two canteens will be combined. The secondhand clothing will be shipped to theBelgian refugees, and, of course,must be strong and durable. Thearticles will be collected on Fridayafternoon from the town people, andfrom those outside of town, later.Leave books at the Exchange Bank,.and old clothes a,t the residence ofMrs. Alex Miller.Mr. Joe Williams and familymoved Monday from their home recently sold to Mr. Nicholas Rankin,to Paris. Mr. Williams has served asCity Marshal of Millersburg for thepast fifteen years, and at the last.meeting of the City Council tenderedhis resignation to take effect March15. Mr. Williams has made one of thebest officials Millersburg has everhad; has turned morenoney into thecity treasury; has supervised andtaken care of-the building of streets,and saw t&at the work was welldone; has personally looked after thefire engines and always had them ingood condition, and visited the electric light plant every day to seethat everything was in working orderand at times when the engineer wasabsent or sick would run the planthimself. Many of these duties didnot come within the province of Insoffice, but he did them because hehad the interest of the town at heart,and while residing with us he was inevery sense one of us. Mr. Williams-lilt 14'4-H i414"H-4 44 4 4 4 1 U 4H I HI-JHHIHB1 The J. T. Hinton Co,UNDERTAKERS- AND EMBAIMMRSC1TS THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMOTuesday, March 19thDouglas FairbanksIN"In Again Out Again"By Anita Loos.An Artcraft Picture.Also 13th Episode of'Vengeance and the Woman7Wednesday, March 20thAdolph Zukor PresentsUNA CAVALERIIW"The Eternal Temptress"By Mmme Fred Degresac; a ParamountPicture.Also a Luke Comedy andPatne Weekly News No. 1 7.Thursday, March 21stRex Beach's Greatest Story"The Auction Block"With Rubye De Remer, Florence Deshon.Walter Hitchcock and other starsin the cast.Also the Second Episode of"The Retreat of the Germansat the Battle of Arras"showing the devastation wrought by theretreating Boches.PricesAt the Alamo Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 13c war tax 2c.At the Paris Grand -Children 5c-war tax lc; Adult 13c-war tax 2c.Colored persons, Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 10c war tax lc.and family came from Paris to Millersburg. They again return to theirold home, where they need no wordof commendation. It is with regretthat we give them up. We wishthem in their now enterprise all theprosperity -and success that can befall such good people.DEATHS.3-r1Mainand StfctHStreets-r T7" uay pnone JtJTcLYlS KV. INiRht : ..56- c.x.o J or Home 286Motor equipment.' Ambulance 'calls promptly attended to with ourLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.BBv "P BBBflBHBBBBBBBBflBBBBBBBBBBBBBBUBMHBhBBBBBBIBIBYOUNG.The funeral of Mr. RaymonlYoung, aged about thirty-five, whodied last week at his home on theJackstown pike, was held at the residence, with services conducted byRev. Frank M. Tinder, pastor of theNorth, Middletown Christian church.The interment followed in the Carlisle cemetery.Mr. Young had been a suffererfor many years with tuberculosis.He is survived by his wife, former!Miss Carrie Wills of near LittleRock, one son, two sisters and onebrother-RF.T.TftTnTTfiThe Executive Board o theCatholic Federation of the UnitedStates has announced that the annualnational gathering of the Federationwill not be held this year on accountof conditions incident to the war.Instead of the convention meetingsof the various committees will beheld.The first of the units of theKnights of Clumbus chaplains andfield secretaries is now being gathered in New York for service with theAmerican Expeditionary Force inFrance. The unit will be composedof seventeen men and three women,the latter being assigned to officework.An every-member canvass, plansfor which have been under way forseveral weeks, were carried outthroughout the Southern Presbyteri-n church last Sunday. The canvass97rhas as its object the securing ofpledges totaling $3, 000, 000 from themembers of the chuich for the benevolent work of the denominationduring the ecclesistical year beginning April 1. At the Paris churchSunday the sum of approximately?1,700 was raised.a ?5NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.You are hereby notified to Boilall water used for drinking: or domestic purposes, whether it he fromhydrant, cistern, well or spring.This is important, and you wilT govern yourselves accordingly. 6By order of Board of Health.By A. H. KELLER,(12-tf) Health Officer.m JHolland contributes the interestingleport that the Krupp works are tobe placed underground as a protection against aerial raids.Many a man has no respect forthe income tax.BIRTHS.To the wifer o Mr. A. T. Lucas,of Vine street, a daughter.To the wife- of J. T. Lail, formerly Miss Bessie Leen Snapp, a son,christened William Thomas Lail.To the wife of Mr. Charles F. Osborne, residing on the Bethlehempike, near Paris, a son; weight fourteen pounds; christened WilliamCole Osborne. The mother was formerly Miss Lula Phelps Gross.At the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, Sunday morning,to the wife of Dr. Elbridge Snapp, ofthe drug firpo. of Brooks & Snapp, afine son. The happy mother was formerly Miss Ethel Hanna," of Cynthi-ana.Patriots are not compelledshout their patriotism.toHOUGH.Lucy Allen Hough, aged eight,died Sunday night at eight o'clock,after a short illness of pneumonia.The little girl was a daughter of Mr. 'and Mrs. T. Hough, of Walker ave-lnue, and was their only child.The- funeral will take place at teno'clock this (Tuesday) morning iwith services conducted at the gravelin the Paris Cemetery by Rev. W. E.Ellis, pastor of the Paris Christianchurch 1The parents have the sympathy of jthe community in the death of their jdaughter, who attracted all by herbright and winning ways.11111 l"M I' t'4-i"ii'I"I''H"l"l"l"I"I"I"I,'I"!1MgMgMgMgMgMgMgpMBUY THRIFT STAMPS HERE!SardenSeedst i.jf-i 3H-Stocks are" short and prices high. 1- Come early, or you may be disap-.pointed.Poultry )RemediesWe have everything to helpyou makethis a bumper poultry year. UncleSam is urging us to produce morepoultry and eggs. "0HEDGES.Mrs. Elizabeth Phelps Hedges,aged thirty, died in the Good Samaritan Hospital, in Lexington, aftera four-months' illness. She was thewife of Mr. J. Oscar Hedges, who formerly resided near North Middletown. Besides her husband she issurvived by a daughter four monthsold, one brother and five sisters.The funeral was held Saturdaymorning at eleven o'clock at thehome of her uncle, Mr. Zack Phelps,in Lexington, co'nducted by Rev. I. J.Spencer, of the Lexington Christianchurch. The body was taken toNorth Middletown for interment.Services were conducted at the gravein the North Middletown Cemeteryat two o'clock by Rev. F. M. Tinder,pastor of the North Middletowni Christian 'church.ARDERY DRUG COMPANY41 MAM STREETIt j,PARIS, KENTUCKYMATRIMONIAL."BENCKART SANTEN. 'Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Dehore,of Lexington, have made public an-nouncement of the engagement otheir daughter, Miss Alice ElizabethBenckart, to Mr. Bernard J. Santen,of Paris. The 'marriage will be sol-emnized early in April.Miss Benckart is a very charmingand attractive vouns woman, whohas a host of warm friends here. MrllSanten is the son of Mr. and Mrs.Henry J. Santen, of Scott avenueHe is a prominent factor in the commercial life of Paris, being o-ne ofthe most highly-esteemed attaches ofthe First National Bank: Personallyhe is one of the best-liked youngmen in Paris.The groom-to-be sometime ago purchased the handsome home of Capt.and Mrs. James M. Taylor, on Highstreet, and furnished it for the reception of his'bonnie bride..This afternoon Mrs. Wm. A.Kranz, of Covington, and Miss Catherine Caden, will entertain with anafternoon ..party, a -"MiscellaneousShower," inhonor of the bride-elect,Miss Benckart, at the home of theirparnt, Mr. .and Mrs. Caden. on Lou-.BigShipmentsOFStylish, High GradeMen's, Women'sand Children'sSpring FootwearArriving Daily! .All the latest in Ladies' Beautiful Spring Boots and Oxfords,in grey, black, tan, rich brownand other leading shades." 't&FQUALITY AND STYLEAt Most Reasonable Prices!. W"" U l "I kT WW ff li IM' yMb&thrLast Week of Season's Clearance SaleRemarkable Shoe Values at Only a Fraction of Original Cost !DAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe Store . Where Beauty and Economy Reif nfdon avenue, in Lexington. ' 1