-. ,-1v., - ".kv -jc ,., . fair-&m?&izir.l-ir''"-SS L.3L.1,ii ."Mfl asJ.gf ., -jPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, MARCH 26, 1918THEBOURBONNEWSIN THE SERVICE OP THEIRCOUNTRY.Lieut. Milton Stanley Minnis, ofSt. Louis, Mo., who is stationed atCamp Zachary Taylor, was the weekend guest of his cousin, Mrs. Rudolph Davis, and Mr. Davis, at theirhome on East Seventh street.Mr. Wm. A. Lenihan, of Paris, whois a member of the infantry divisionat Camp Sheridan, Montgomery, Alabama, is a guest of his mother andsister, in this city.Mr. Flour-noy Hagan, son of Mr.and Mrs. W. K. Hagan, of NorthMiddletown, has enlisted in theTJ. S. Army. Mr. Hagan has beenassigned to the 33d EngineeringCorps, stationed at Camp Devens,near Ayers, Mass.Landrum Payne, son of PostmasterJ. Walter Payne, of Paris, who hasbeen in the service at Camp ZacharyTaylor, has been advanced to a position in the officers reserve corps intraining there. Mr. Payne will takeservice in the aviation corps.Richard ("Tal") Clarke, of Paris,son of Mrs. Kate Clark, who hasbeen on duty in the Philippine service for two years, has received a promotion to the rank of Major. MajorClark, before being assigned to thePhilippine service, was stationed inan army camp in California, and lateron the Texan-Mexican border as amember of the dental surgeons' staff.Cornelius ("Buddy") James, ofParis, who has made several roundtrips to France on a troop transport,wired his mother, Mrs. Mollie James,Friday night that he had arrived atNew York for a short furlough. Heis a member of the gun crew on theU. S. Transport Covington. His furlough being limited to Tuesday willnot permit him to visit Paris.Private Leavitt Roberts, who hasbeen a guest of his parents at NorthMiddletown, returned to Camp Zachary Taylor, Saturday. Private Wm.Boardman, of the same vicinity, whohas been a guest of relatives at hisold home, has returned to Ft.Thomas. Private Boardman had beenin Quarantine at Ft. Thomas for several months, this being his first visithome.Mr. Ben Leach, formerly an attache of THE NEWS and the Ken-tuckian-Citizenarrived Saturday ona furlough to visit relatives andfriends. He is a member of themechanical department in the PublicWorks branch of the service at CampDewey, Great Lakes, 111. He hasjained twenty pounds sincebeginning training in the camp. All" theBourbon county boys are doing wellin the service there, and are wellcontented. About 30,000 men are intraining at the camp.Teddy Templin, son of Mr. andMrs. T. T. Templin, of Paris, whorecently enlisted in the Navy, hasgone to Newport, R. I., where he wasinstructed to report for duty at theTSTaval Training Station.Mr. and Mrs. Chas. H. Buchananhave received a letter from their son,"Mr. Clarence Buchanan, at CampIShelby, Hattiesburg, stating that hehad been acquitted of the charge ofdesertion from the army. Buchananisr a member of Co. B., 149th Infantry. He was arrested here in December, 1917, with a comrade, KingCulbertson, also of Paris, on a desertion charge and taken to Ft. Thomas,near Newport, where" they remainednearly three months. Buchananwas stenographer for Co. B., and heand Culbertsono concluded to pay aChristmas visit to their parents inParis. Their exoneration was complete rin every respect, including1 alestoration of rank and privileges.IS feSUITS AT $25.All wool only. The best of styleand workmanship. Look our lineover for Easter wear.J. W. DAVIS & CO.WHAT WILL YOU DO?Our boys in khaki are getting upevery morning early for you. Wouldyou be willing to get up early everymorning for one week for them?Services are being held every morning this week by the Epworth Leagueof the Methodist church. This weekis being observed by world-wideyoung Methodism as "FellowshipVeek," at which time prayers aremade for the boys at the front andin the cantonments. These servicesare being held promptly at six a. m.and end at six forty-five a, m. in theMens Bible Class room of the church.The services Monday morning wereconducted by Mrs. James Grinnell,Jr., with thirteen Epworthians present. Following is a schedule of leadersfor the week:Tuesday Mrs. Howard B. Carr.Wednesday Miss Ina Mattox.Thursday Miss Gladys Snapp.Friday Mr. W. O. F-uller.Saturday Miss Dorothy Tingle.Sunday Mr. Dennis V. Snapp.The Sunday morning service, Easter Sunday, will be observed as theannual sunrise meeting of the ParisLeague.The public is extended a cordialinvitation to attend all these services.to'1 mTHINGS TO WORRY ABOUTThe fact that the Lexington Heraldhas "come out" for Senator Thoma3A. Combs, of Lexington, as a possible successor to Governor A. O.Stanley, is enough to forever blastany hopes that excellent statesmanmie-ht.- entertain of 'MUtexing theAUTHENTIC WAR BULLETINS.THE NEWS presents the folio winsauthentic war bulletins, gathered atthe hour of going to press last night,from reliable sources :(Prom Western Newspaper Union)"CINCINNATI, OHIO.To THE BOURBON NEWS:-DHU5U unve enemy DacK across oeen caned at the suggestion of Mr.Somme. Strong German attacks Robbins, who discussed with theearly Monday north of Bapoume do farmers the serious question of seednot pass British barrage. Germans co- . . .advance at some points. British and' JSr,0 S1? -caifle he unde.rFrench 'counter-a tonkin a- Iiptwppti direction of the Agricultural Expenw ? C0nrer-arcaCKing Between ment station of the Kentucky UniNesle and Ham American engineers versity, told his hearers of the realare in thickest of nght, and doing i danger that threatened the 1918excellent .work. .French, assisting j corn crop because of a lack of seedBritish. Shells from long range guns , that would grow. He stated thatstill falling in Pari?, but do little ! J'ust in tne proportion the seed woulddamage. Experts skeptical aboutgun seventy-six miles away. Matterstill a mystery. President Wilsonwires congratulations to Gen. Haigon holding lines, expressing confidence of the American people."A message to Mr. Edward Simmsfrom his New York representative,Mr. Derivas, yesterday stated that allthe news that had been received inNew York up to a late hour was veiyfavorable to the Allies, and thatstocks were mounting upward as aresult of the encouraging news. Itwas the opinion that the British re-treat was a strategic move, and thatthe Germans had been caught in atrap set for them.is Ps isaanother' speeder fined.Another '"speedomaniac" came togrief in the Paris police court whena nne ot $22.51) was assessed againsthim recently.J. B. Kenton, a Bourbon countyfarmer, had evidently not seen orheard of the warning issued regarding exceeding the speed limits in.raris. Me was ousiiy engaged inthrowing dust in the faces of theslowly-moving pedestrians on Mainstreet, but, unfortunately for him,Mayor January happened to be oneof them. The Mayor caught the machine number as it whizzed throughspace at a merry clip, and telephonedthe office of the Commissioner of Motor Vehicles at Frankfort, securingthe name and address of the owner.Kenton was placed under arrestby' Patrolman. Lusk on a warrantsworn out by Mayor January. Atthe trial before Police Judge Martin he was given a flne of $22.50 toremind him there was such a thing.as safety in going a. little bit slow.There is more than ever a determination on thpart of the city officials to break up the foolish and unnecessary speeding of autos on thestreets of Paris, and every citizenwould gladly help their offorts. Callthe next case!W m mVALUABLE PROPERTY AT AUCTION ON SATURDAY, APRIL 6.Beginning at 1:30 p. m., on Saturday, April 6, Harris & Speakes willsell for James McClure 15 pieces ofvaluable city property. Some finebusiness property, a number of beautiful cottages and a number of desirable building lots go in this sale. Ifyou need a home or want investmentproperty this is your opportunity.(26-3t)PEACE DISTURBERS "ARRESTED.Thirteen proved an unlucky number Sunday night for thirteen coloredmen and women, who were arrestedin Claysville by Patrolmen Judy andHill and jailed. They had been engaged in a private "Jungle dance''and feast in the classic precinct ofClaysville until their action and noiseimpelled some one to send in a riotalarm. The officers responded in theauto patrol and coralled the bunch.In Police Court yesterday GeorgeNewton, Bertie Howard, GeorgeKellis, Hattie Belfe Howe, HarryThomas, Dennis Allen, John Kellis,Jesse Robinson, Roy Baker, JohnMinor, Kitty Greeble, Lou Hamptonand -Ella Smith were presented finesof $5.50 amd costs each on a chargeof disorderly conduct. Jeff. Bishop,while not a member of the "Jungleparty" was present and s intoxicated.He was also given a fine of $7.50 andcosts.FIRE STEAMER TESTED OUTThe steam fire engine, which is apart of the local fire department'sequipment, was given a thoroughtesting Saturday morning, and proved ready for use again. The steamerhad been in need of repairs of aminor nature, and these were completed last week.Pumping direct from a hydrantthe steamer threw an 1 inchstream to a good height, giving reasonable assurance of its reliability inthe future in case of a big fire in thabusiness district.ASSESSMENT 59 COUNTIES INf CREASED NEAR $43.000.000The State Tax Commission hasplaced a net increase of $42,719,926on he assessment of 59 counties ofthe t. State. Four counties, Clark,Daviess, Harrison and Warren, gotreductions in the assessments at thehands of the Commifsion. No specified Increase was made on Spencer,Gallatin, Union, Clay, Boone, Campbell, Kenton, Johnson, Lyon and Ful-ton -counties, the Commission ordering theJUounty Board of Supervisors!to 'piake a general ' equalization InFARMERS' MEIOTG 'DISCUSSESSEED CORN SITUATION.A large gathering of farmers andothers interested in agriculturalroirir, r; oy.JLewis K. Kobbms, County Agricul. turai Demonstrator for Fayette andBourbon counties. Thp mooHtio- -hanot germinate, just in that proportion would the yield be cut down.Mr. Robbins brought the cheerfultidings to the farmers that corn hadbeen found in Western Kentucky thatwould grow and urged them to sendin their orders at once for whateverwas wanted as the supply was limited. The price of the seed corn hadbeen announced as $5.25 per bushel f.o. b. Hopkinsville. Mr. Robbins further stated that an embargo had beenplaced on Northern and Westernj seed corn, and that it was not to bnad. Boutnern seed corn, accordingto Mr. Robbins, was not desirable,owing to the latitude.The following committees of farmers were appointed to confer with thefarmers in their respective vicinitiesin regard to the situation, and tomake arrangements for securing asupply of the seed corn at once:Centerville V. W. Ferguson andJ. Miller Ward; North MiddletownLogan Bryan and Walter S. Meng;j RuddlesMills James Fisher andThos. W. Current; Millersburg Jos.D. Booth and Joe Penn Redmon;Clintonville A. S. Thompson and A.L. Stephenson; Hutchison Robt. Meteer and Chas. White; Flat RockSamuel Clay and Ray Burris; ParisJos. M. Hall and Frank M. Clay.At a meeting of these committees,held' in the court house yesterdaymorning at ten o'clock, pledges weretaken from fermers agreeing to takea total of 129 bushels of seed corn,which will be purchased later on. Ameeting of the farmers will be hefdin the county court room in the courthouse, just after the patriotic speaking at the Opera House next Thursday afternoon, at which action willbe taken in regard to purchase of acarload of seed corn from WesternKentucky, which will be" furnished,as stated above, "at the sale price of$5.25 per bushel, f. o. b. Honkins-ville. This comUsnaranteedTtoSi90 per cent, germination test, andthe purchasers will be given severalvarieties to pick from Reed's Yellow Dent, Tennessee Red Cob orBoone County White.It has been estimated that there isat present only about one thousandbushels of seed corn in this county,and that, at the lowest estimate, ninethousand bushels aie required toplant the normal crop each year inthe county, so the importance of securing a sufficient quantity of goodseed corn is very apparent. Everyfarmer in the county is urged to attend the meeting to be held at thecourt house Thursday.SEED CORN EOR SALE.We have about 500 bushels ofWhite Seed Corn from Virginia, onwhich we have preliminary tests of97 per cent. We will book orderssubject to final germination test being satisfactory, at $5.00 per bushel,and for delivery when it arrives.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(26-2t)N0TICE TO CONSUMERS.To Our Electrical Consumers:On account of the high cost ofeverything at this time, we are forcedto ask our patrons who use electriccurrent to share with us a part of thegreat war burden.9 On April 1st we will reduce discounts from lc per K. W. H. to cper K. W. H. and readjust the rateschedule for electric lighting as tothe quantity used, but we will notlaise the unit price per Kilowatt inany case. These advances will be soslight that we feel assured that ourpatrons will cheerfully aid us in tiding over the period of high costs incident to the Avar and until normalconditions are again restored.Elsewhere in to-day's paper willbe found a copy of the xiew rateschedules which will be applied onApril bills.Assuring you of our regret thatthis has become necessary to preventlosses that would impair service andthreaten the existence of the Company, we remain ast ever'alwaysleady to serve.r ''Yours truly,C. L. STEENBEKGEN,Manager Paris Gas & Electric Co(26-2t) 'DO YOUR OWN SETTINGOn Sunday morning, March 31, attwo o'clock, under the operation ofthe daylight saving law, recently enacted by Congress, the clocks of thecountry will he moved up one hour.When you retire the night hefore,mererly push up the hands'' of yourwatch or clock one hour. The restwill take care of itself. You will riseone hour earlier, but you will by .thesame presumption retire one hourearlier, but you won't be preceptiblyaffected. You save one hour and willbe that much better off, and willhardly know how it all happened. Itwill necessarily cause a little confusion at first, but we- Americans have ja happy haibit of easily adapting our-NOTED ORATORS TOSPEAXHERETHURSDAY.On npvt TfinT-oioti- -,,-. i, three o'clock in the court Zt -,?uuron county will be affordednriOpportunity of hearing two vot-v aatinguished speakers. Dr. Lyman Ab-oott, editor of the Outlook, one of themost -noted writers and thinkers inAmerica, and Dr. Ernest Powell, whohas just returned frnm thp fiHnI lmes in France and Italy, will deliveruuaresses on that date.m The speakers will be here in theinterest of 'the League to EnforcePeace. The people of the county willnave the assurance that they willlisten to two splendid addresses, asno men of greater oratorical powerswill ever visit this community. Theyare men who know their subjectsthoroughly, and know how to presentthem in a most convincing and easilyunderstood way.Dr. Powell, who has been on thefiring lines in the beleagured countries of Europe for several monthswill tell you of the shameful deeds oCthe Huns, who murdered innocentwomen, children and old men andlaughed at their death agonies. Hewill tell of their shameful crimesagainst the young women of Franceand the practices of the Germansamong their own women since thewar began, in which secondary marriages are encouraged, with the nos-sibility of polygamy after the war.What the fate of the world will be ifthe Germans win.Dr. Powell, however, will tell you"very frankly that Germany will -notwin the war, insisting that Germanywill be beaten because it cannutwithstand the Allies when they onceget into the conflict in earnest.LABORER DIES SUDDENLYJohn Robinson, colored, aged seventy, a laborer in the city quarry,came to his work as usual yesterdaymorning, and after working a shorttime, fell over unconscious. Physicians were called, but the vital sparfchad fled before they reached him.Coroner Davis was called, after aninvestigation, decided' that theman's death was due to heart trouble.The body was removed to his home onWilliams street. Coroner Davis deemed an inquest unnecessary.ALLEGEDBOOTLEGGEROVER.HELDHenry Anderson, -colored,chargedvith unlawfully havinerrin his nossessSfbir liquofin" JoaT"optiofii6i,ritorywas held to the grand jury by JudgeBatterton, m the County Court, Sat -urday.Anderson signed a recipt for a ship- ed across the track when its driverment of liquor, which he stated was lost control, and was somewhat damfor his own personal use, but which j aged. Neither Mr. Johnson, who wasfour others claimed to have a pecun-, driving the car, nor the other occu-iary interest in.WE KW 7VERY EXCLUSIVE STYLES AND PATTERNSMITCHELL & BLAKEMOREJohn B. Stetson HatsRED CROSS BAZAAR.A Red Cross Bazaar and Auction,to be held in this city on Saturday ofthis week, is being pronioted byMisses Carolyn Roseberry and Elizabeth Crutcher. Donations for theauction and bazaar are being solicited by Mrs. Katherine Davis Craig andMiss Belle Horton. The promoterswould highly appreciate articles ofvalue, besides edibles, for the sale.Call Miss Roseberry over Cumberlandphone 526, and the donations will becalled for. "The public can purchase until four... i - .ing offered.fe P3 fe-CONVICTED FOR SELLING WKISKEY ILLEGALLY.John Clay, colored, was placed un-der arrest Saturday night by Patrol -uiuicu .juuy ctuu xim on a cnarge oihaving whiskey in his possession f ortheTnTTi"c;a rT oo irv iv rsxsir. w4.Fu'u "i. oo-ic iu. lutw uyuuuterritory. When arrested Clay hadjust stepped from an interurban car.'A search of his person revealed agenerous quantity Of liquor concealedabout him. Two large revolverswere also found on him j. Clay was brought before County.Judge George Batterton and convict-jed yesterday on six charges of illegalpossession of whiskey. He was also'prosecuted on a charge of carrying Iconcealed dealy weapons, being heldto the grand jury ontnat charge,Conviction on the other charges carried jail sentences and stiff fines,which will keep Clay in jail severalmonths.HAS NARROW ESCAPE.Mr. T. M. Johnson, of North Middletown, had a narrow escape nearLexington, Sunday night, when hisauto became stalled on the interurban track. Mr. Harry S. Stout, whowas passing, quickly reached a telephone, and called up the tr$in dispatcher's office of the Kentucky Traction & Terminal Co., in Lexington,apprising them of Mr. Johnson'splight.' Cars were "held-np-on' the - Paris -, Lexington line until after the wreck-, ing crew could move the machinefrom the track. The auto had jump-pants, two men, were injured.NOWo ciock, ssaturaay atternoon, at pri-j Paris, in landing a number of bigvate sale such articles as they desire, i fish. Now comes a copy of the Ft.At four o'clock, all unsold articles , Myers, Fla., Daily Press, in which ap-and edibles, will be disposed of at pears an account of a two-hours' batpublic auction to the highest bidder. tie by Dr. M. H. Dailey, of Paris, forAll persons who have donations for: the victory over a huge tarpon, hethe bazaar are requested to leave had hooked in the Caloosahatcheethem . with County Attorney D. D. j River. In the struggle Dr. Dailey'sQline at his office in the court house, j tarpon rod was broken, but he heldMr. Cline will see that they are , on bravely to what remained, andcared for and that they reach ' struggled with the big fish -for thetheir destination. The auction sale mastery. The Doctor's scientificwill be held at the court house, handling of the fish finally landedeverything from pins to packages be- him on a sand bar, three miles beYOUREASTER SUITShould Come FromMitchell & Blakemore'sIf you want style, fit and service our store can show you a Hbetter selection of Spring clothes than you will find in other stores. SiStein-Bloch and Michael Stern'Fine Ready-to-Wear ClothesAre Sold Exclusively By Usand the tailoring and style found inthese are equaled by none.suchfor the young man and the more conservativestyles for the man who wants to be well dressedbut not extreme. Fancy greens, tans, olives andfancy greys predominate this season. Strictlyall wool clothes at prices within the reach of all$15.00 to $35.00Spring Patttrns in Manhattan Shirts and WilsonBros Mafce, Linen, Madras, Pongee and Silks from$2.00 TO $10.00Nettleton ShoeseDR. DATLEY ECLIPSES J. WVIS', EISHINfr RECORD.DArSeemsas if thera must h anmrivalry among the Paris anglers whohave been spending the winter in thefamous fishing resorts of the sunnySouth during the winter. And theyare all making good records, too,judging by the reports sent backfrom time to time-..A short time ago, THE NEWSprinted, a story from the St. Petersburg, Fla. Daily Times, telllne ofI the wonderful prowess and skill displayed by Mr. Jos. W. Davis f. . - " -"low where he had hooked the tarpon,which the old fishermen in the vicinity of Ft. Meyers unanimously votedone of the finest specimens they hadseen for many years.Dr. Dailey was greatly elated overhis big catch, and unbosomed himself' to the newspaper men in this wise:It has been the dream of my lif fccatch a'biff tanKm and j JLtainfAolamply repaid for my severalwinters spent in and around FKMyers. This was the greatestsport I have ever enjoyed, I am surelycoming back to Ft. Myers againnext winter then, look out, fish."TOBACCO MEN ENTERTAINOtnilt'f fl.fn -rrnr. T. . otsv.. . li merry gathering Friday night, when.a number of tobacco men and theirfriends, who have been active on the'Paris market this season, were guestsof Messrs. Dan W. Peed and HarryB. Clay, at a banquet. Judge DenisDundon acted as toastmaster, and didthe honors in first-class style. Theresponses were in the happiest vein ofthe responsers, and everybody had ageneral good time. A deliciouscourse supper was served. The members of the genial party were: J, W.Sturgeon, S.'Kenney Nichols, ScoopHarrison, W. W. Mitchell,. D. C. Peed,John. Yerkes, W. W. Blakemore, C.C. Clarke, James McClure, J. T. Collins, Ed. Burke, Wm. Shire, W. A.Thomason, W. H. Harris, of Leximg-HoriY John M.-'Clay, D. Hume,J. Fraafc-.-Clay, John Willie Young, J. A.Squires, Blair varden, George Determan, Forest Day, Buck James, W; R.McCray, Judge Denis Dundon, T. H.Clay, Jr., Lay ton Thompson, RoyalSands, John Meade, James Caldwell,Sam Clay, Mr. Moss, D. W. Peed aridHarry B. Clay.IIHOW!UPPi1v.vM.M:-;well known makes asmfm..-gSyWWflcTdifpManhattan ShirtsV!Em if I miin n I scI 1 PIPF"LaMTMgubernatorial chair. jTHE BOURBON NEWS; PARIS; KY.AGETWO S"TUESDAY, MARCH 29, lfHU,'I.1HE BOURBON NEWSEstablished 188136 Years of Continuous PublicationPublisbed Every Tuesday and FridayPer Year. .$2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Adavance.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing 'or reputation ofperson, firm or corporation whichy appear In the. columns o THEHSOURPON NEWS will be gladly corf6ted if brought to attention of the41tor.ADVERTISING RATES'Display Advertisements, $1.00 percte&'fpr first time; 50 cents per inch-ec& subsequent insertion.- Reading Notices, 10 cents per linet-ftcli issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each Issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.''The right of publisher is reservedeto decline any advertisement or othermatter for publication.' Announcements for political officesuaiu8t invariably be accompanied byftixQ cash.- This paper has enlistedwith the government in the-cause of America for the-period of the war -EDITORIAL MUSINGS.,'ADD MUSINGSDaylight Saving.r. .Tliere is -not one person in anythousand wJio has not wished at sometime or other that mankind arouseitself earlier enough to enjoy themorning daylight through which wesleep.) A single individual can regn-Jafe his own' time of rising, but daily, 4f9. is so dependent upon other hu--"naii"beings ttiat the earlier riser usually has to wait for others to wakey. w'For this reason the voluntary ef-. frt of single individuals cannot .efgestu any material daylight saving.If all clocks of the nation, however,W6fe pushed up one, two of throeIioXirs on a certain day the earlyTiser would find everybody up thenext morning with. him. Pushing up' - clocks will not save daylight, but itwltl Jead everybody to act together,and daylight will be gained throughcOi-operation.This is no new idea. England,- prance, Germany, Austria, Italy,Portugal, Holland, Norway, Den.znark, Sweden and other countries"have- used it successfully. Englishpower companies estimate a savings of 20 per cent, in fuel for lightingpurposes. France saved $6,000,000- ,in 1916. Germany duplicates Eng-' land's saving and the- United State-'Can clothe same.-" " Besides saving fuel the new orderS will" give all of us several hours ofrdaylight for recreation instead oftiark. night. " This will render outdoor exercise, garden cultivating and'oien air recreation easier, health,-will be thus improved and the cool.hours of the morale will replacef$hQ iiot summer afternoons in our.working time.-"" To Our Merchants." You may have the best stock of; goods you have ever carried, yourteafes force may be efficient and wellorganized, you may tell .at the lowestprices, but all this gets you nothing' . if the people don't know it.Now, there are many ways of.spreading this information. Possi-Tly the most effective way would be' Jo go to each prospect and tell him"confidentially." Maybe the next3ot way would be a personal letterlusent with a 3-cent stamp. Anotherway would be to print a carefully' -worded circular and mail to indi-- jridiials with a 2-cent stamp. But'i.He these have their disadvantages"nYitf '""fii-Qf- wmfl Htake youT 7J""."'"1' .manytinxmths, and the expense would eatvyoii up. To reach seven or eightl-vl&ousand people in either of th'ev" ttier two ways would run you into' J Unquestionably the "best way to,r ,rach' the largest number of people" JfX the least expense is to advertise inClHE BOURBON NEWS. Our pricesfior the same service are as low asxlfT others within our knowledge,jjuad are calculated not only on cost'vo production, but on value of servicew,imlered.t ,The Great DutyAs we go about our daily tasks inlace and safety men are dying everyssAaute on the battlefields of Europa.jft'sare civilization! Our own gallantWJss are shedding their blood In"!PrptMe and our sailors engulfed inthe, waters of the Atlantic as they goCtejufease of America's rights andlaeor.,I!tMrour perforata oe of the weekcowitt to us dpmt'tUe lives ofthousands oi jrren and women; .hefate of many snations-, the preservation of civilization and 'humanityitself; and the more efficient amiprompt we people of America are indoing our part, the more quickly willthis war come to an end and thegreater the number of our soldiersand sailors who will be saved fromdeath and suffering and the greaterthe number of people of other nations released from bondage and saved from death. ,To work, to save, to economize, togive financial support to the Government is a duty of the Nation andto the world and it is especially aduty to our fighting men who onland and sea are offering their livesfor their country and their countrymen. . t !Wanton Timber Destruction.Thirty years ago Bourbon countyhad thousands of as beautiful walnut trees as ever grew on the face ofthe earth. They were ruthlessly cutdown, split into fence posts and rai'sand sawed into lumber which wasused for all kinds of building purposes. Many of these trees to-daywould sell for $100. The same lineof policy is now being pursued withmany other kinds of timber all overthe United States. Pine trees arebeing laid waste by the million. Thesouthern turpentine manufacturer isyearly destroying thousands of beautiful pine trees'for the sake of a gallon of turpentine from each, that ina few years would be worth manydollars, and so it is with other kindsof timber. The land upon whichmuch of this timber is growing is oflittle value yf or anything else. Thereare many trees that if left alone forthe next few years would bring largeprices. It would be well to think othese things before ruthlessly chopping down. " The line of the poetwould be applicable: "Woodman,spare that tree."Forget Eotten Yesterdays.Finish every day and be done withit. For manners and for wise livingit is a vice to remember. You havedone what you could; some blundersand absurdities no doubt crept in:forget them as soon as you can. Tomorrow is a new day; you shall beginit well and serenely and with toohigh a spirit to be cumbered withyour old nbnsense. This day for allthat is goodand fair. It is too dearwith all its hopes and invitations towaste a moment on the rotten yesterterdays We Say So, Yes!We are the people and are growinggradually and sure. We have a goodtown to tie to. We are in excellentshape to-day and have been duringthe panic times, more so than anyother town of its-size in the State.There are no flies on our town andthough we all kick and grumble nowand then, we have just about thebest, the most prosperous city ofhomes in this grand old commonwealth. Now, own up haven't we?Germany had quite a policy ofnoannexations and indemnities"the Russians.with jThe good old summer time hutshe won't be with us long.nnnNO INDIGESTION, GASOR STOMACH MISERYIN PIVE MINUTES"Pape's Diapepsin" For Sour, AcidStomach, Heartburn, DyspepsiaTime it! In five minutes your sour,acid stomach feels fine. No indigestion, heartburn, or belching of gas,or eructations of undigested food, nodizziness, bloating, foul breath orheadache.Pape's Diapepsin is noted for itsspeed in sweetening upset stomachs.It is the surest, quickest and mostcertain stomach antacid in the wholeworld, and besides, it is harmless.Millions of men and women noweat their favorite foods without fear j-they know Pape's Diapepsin "willsave them from such misery.Please, for your sake, get a largefifty-cent case of Pape's Diapepsinfrom any drug store and put yourstomach right. Don't keep On being miserable life is too short youare not here long, so make your stayagreeable. Eat what you like and enjoy it, with.out dread of acid fermentation in the tonrach.Pape's Diapepsin belongs in yourhome anyway. Should one of thefamily eat something which don'tagree with them, or in case of an attack of indigestion, dyspepsia, gastritis or stomach derangement due tofermentation and acidity, at daytimeor during the night, it is handy to4give Liic quivacsi, suicai. J.ciit:i.known.,(adv)EAD THIS CAREFULLY!Give more time and attention to thetiie garden. vjnd produce a better quality of vegetables. Rely onvgood seeds, good soil andgood care.3)evote sdme time each day to careof the garden.Every farmer's table should be sup-plied from his owji home gar.de-nUow is the time to plant your garden. INever before in the history of theUnited States has it been so' absolutely necessary for the people tomake an effort to raise enough garden stuffMo supply their families"with, fresh vegetables during the entire year. I Since this condition exists, it behooves the people of theState of Kentucky not only to produce enough vegetables to supplythemselves, but to have some to puton the .magcetto supply our neigh-1ours. jNIK;1BACK AI WORKSays Rheumatism Is All Gone SinceGiving Tanlac Radium Treatv iiient Trial..Mrs. John Shoup, 2118 Gilbert avenue, Walnut Hills, Cincinnati, hadto quit her position as waitress atthe Ladies' Exchange on Fourt'istreet some time ago because ufrheumatism. She tried TanlacRheumatism treatment recently andis now so much improved that sheis back .at work again."I know that it is a grave thingfor a person to publicly recommenda medicine and that it shouldn't bedone unless the merit of the medicinehas been absolutely proven," Mrs.Shoup said. "Tanlac Rheumatismtreatment relieved me of about as bada case of rheumatism as anybodycould have and that is why I am unhesitatingly recommending it."My rheumatism finally got so badthat I had to give up my position andstay at home. The aches and twingesin my arms were so bad that Icouldn't raise my hands above myhead and I had a dull, achy feelingin my back. The pains kept meawake at night."It wasn't long after I'd startedtaking Tanlac Rheumatism treatment until I could see that the painowere leaving. I'm not bothered atall with pains and twinges now andI'm up and around again. I'm backat my work now."Tanlac Rheumatism treatmentand Tanlac, in my opinion, are twomighty fine preparations and worthyof all the praise that I can givethem."If you suffer from rheumatism getTanlac Rheumatism treatment today! You can get Tanlac Rheumatism!treatment at Varden & Son's.(adv)t? 2j Ti3DISTANCE DWARES THE FRAYHas it ever occurred to you what.might happen were the Flandersfront defense to crack beneath thepressure of the promised Germandrive? What would become ofthe Allied forces there now? Whatwould be the fate of our army?And where the next front linetrenches might ultimately be?It is possible that yeven were thoworst to come and the Germans wereto break through they might still beheld and the allied forces saved fromannihilation and capture. And solong as the combined allied fleetscontrolled the seas Germany wouldbe powerless to attack our shores.But if the Germans break' throughon the western front they are almostcertain to risk everything in a navalway upon a last clash with England'sfleet. And should they by anychance be victorious the -next move-would be against America direct.Victory like this would make themmadmen in truth.Distance dwarfs the fray over therefor America. It is incomprehensiblein all its ruthless horror and suffering so far away. We do not mentallygrasp is magnitude. Much less canwe visualize it, however much woread. No man has yet adequetelydescribed it.But we all know that we have nodesire for a German front along theAlleghenies. We want no invadingGerman hordes upon American soil.We want this war to be fought inEurope.And America must do its bit to theutmost, both in men and money.It is up to us stay-at-homes to furnish the pioneyTo buy Liberty Bonds.t lis faFOEGOT WHAT HE NEEDED.From the' Republican, Mt. Giliad,Ohio: The editor had an interestingexperience some time ago, when 3"joung gentleman came to his officeand asked for a copy of the MorrowCounty Republican. He scrutinizeda carefully when a copy was handedhim, and tfcen said: "Now I know!""What is it you are looking for," weinquired. "My wife sent me aftera bottle of Chamberlain's CoughRemedy, and I forgot the name. IMent to several stores and the clerknamed over everything on the sheifexcept "Chamberlain's". I'll tryagain, and I'll Clever go home without Chamberlain's Cough. Remedy."The Republican would suggest to th.proprietors of drug stores, that theypost their clerks, and never let themsubstitute. Custimers lose faith instores where substituting' is permitteuto say nothing of the injustice to themakers of good goods and the disappointment of customers,(adv. March)t-t ll ff vriF"FOR$AEISet of dining room furniture; almost new; a superb set. Call on oraddress,MRS. N. A. MQOREFor SaleI offer for sale privately, mybuilding lot on Seventh street, adjoining the property df Pr'Qf. T. A.Hendricks. Call on or addr'essH. J. GROSCHE,Both Phones 222.-Position Wanted.Position as .manager or overseer offarm. Experienced. -Beetol reference AppVlt this office tf)evS--ICUT PRICECloses MarchThis has been one of the thriftiest sales I have ever had in my twenty-oneyears career in the furniture' business. We have just received from a New Yorkcarpet concern a beautiful line ofRoom Size Rugs in Florai and ConventionalDesigns.We Are Gving You 25 Per tent OffOn Every Dollar, So Do Not Miss a Single Day This Week!We are not the biggest wheels in the furniture business, but we keep the littlewheels rolling every day. We have not the largest store in Paris, but I have thebest I have the best selection for the size of stock carried, and I leave you for thejudge of prices.Also a BeautifulBe sure and come next week for this, will be the last of our Big Cut Price Sale.E. M. Wheeler Furniture CompanyROBNEEL BUILDING, COR. EIGHTH AND MAIN STREETSTEY THIS FOE SOUE STOMACH.Eat slowly, masticate your foodthoroughly. Eat but little meat andnone at all for supper. If you arestill troubled with sour stomach takeone of Chamberlain's Tablets beforegoing to bed.(adv. March)Our Prices, ModeratePrints denend unon the style ofmountings and kind of power of.lenses. In the mountings there is ajchoice of solid gold, gold-filled anirother materials. Lenses may be flat,or toric (wide field); various kinds,of bifocals are supplied, as required.These factors make a considerablerange in prices. IOur prices for all services and sup-!plies are as low as is consistent withthe highest standard of service and'materials.Wa have the latest thing in!frames. If you need glasses, give us'a call. Consultation free.Dr. Wm. Riley FranklinBoth Phones.- 520 Main St.?BAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly RollCream PuffsDoughnuts, Rolls, PiesGROCERYFruitsFresh VegetablesMEATDEPARTMENTRoats.Lamb, Veal, PorkBrains.WILMOTHGrocery Co.. Phone 376Jj"Vy'J -?- ifafWHBIGLine of Iron Beds Just ReceivedVULCANTRY THEVULCANmJSKKJtjiS,Well Finished, Strong, Durable, light Draft.Rib Strengthened Mold, Full Chilled Shinpiece, InterlockedPoint, Land and Standard. Point has Face Chat Wide Edge2iikron8rS,loot Cha, Patented Extension and is theSTRONGEST and MOST DURABLE Chilled Point Made.When. Buying & Plow, Consider Quality First, Pries Sscond.r-TAKE NO SUBSTITUTE-Don,t tefc others try to put off "something just as good" others are similar, but they don't stand the racket.PlowWith a PlowThat Will PlowTHE VULCANHas Stood The; Test Of Years! .Here's the Place to Get theGenuine.C. S. BALL OARAGECor. Fourth and Pleasant Sfe.IlELER'SSALEs30thCHILLED" PLOWSMt; The Vulcan Plow Co.,EVANSVILLE, IND.I'M1SV4 ' s&Xi-'"&&ZTV.TUESDAY, MARCH: 26, 118.piraw?iW paws, si.twm-:-.2 ''---Jir1"TfKCEjlLSniGr'lIISERT.Some Paris Kidney Sufferers Get little Best or Ct mfort.There is little sleep, little rest, little peace for man a sufferer frojnkidney trouble. Life is one continual round, of pain. You can't rest atnight when, there's kidney backache.You suffer twinges tind "stabs" ofpain, annoying urinary disorders,lameness and nervousness. You can'tbe comfortable , at w.Qrk with dartingpains and blinding dizzy spells. Neglect these ailments and serioustroubles may follow. Begin usingDoan's Kidney Pills at the first signof disorder. Thousands have testified- to their merit.Proof of merit in Paris testimony,Phillip M. Heller, prop., meat market, Main Street, says: "I have usedDoan's Kidney Pills a few times irithe past and have been greatly benefited. At times my back was weakand lame and the kidney secretionspassed too frequently, making me getup often at night. I have used a boxof Doan's Kidney Pills at those timesand they have always rid me of thecomplaint. I think they are a splendid medicine and gladly recomniendthem."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy gtDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Heller had. Foster-Milburn Co.,Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.(adv) ,TO- SAVE SOUMnatS1 EQI' EROMINSURANCE SHARKS.Deception and- fraud- have beenpracticed on. Tthe beneficiaries ofAmerican soldiers killed in the warwith Germany, Representative Field,of the Ninth Kentucky district, amember of the House Military Commute", said, after he had introduceda bill designed, to put an end tothe alleged practices. The measurelimits the fee- of agents or attorneysto ;$25 and imposes heavy penaltieson persons-collecting more."Claim agencies already are organized throughout the country," saidRepresentative Fields, "and as fastas. casualties lists are published,these j agents or their representatives hurry to the beneficiaries with the statement that it is extremely difficult to collect the soldiers' insurance wihout the aid of,special counsel."By such methods they ' frightenthe " benefiiciaries into employingthem at an enormous figure. Someclaims are being purchased at a merepittance through the same methods."Services of a special agent or attorney is not necessary in collectingwar risk insurance, except m someunusual cases where the claimantmay encounter difficulty in establishing his identity. A law should beenacted to inflict upon deceivers thepunishment they deserve."ftttMjwauBUY THRIFT STAMPS HERE!St'ardenSeeds-Stocks are short and prices high.Come early v or you may be disappointed.PoultryRemediesWe have everything to help you makethis a bumper poultry year. UncleSam is urging us to produce morepoultry and eggs.ARDERY DRUG COMPANY410 MAIN STREET PARIS, KENTUCKY gmmm(mmmmmmiWWSmmmMORE RESTRICTIONS"Further limitations of wheat consumption in the tfnitecl'States is under consideration by the Food Administration to make certain, that thesub-formal visible suddIy will tideover the American people and theirallies until the next harvest.Plans for accomplishing the additional saving are being worked outcarefully and the only bar to successfeared by the officials Is the senselesshoarding which may be practiced byunthinking and selfish people.Seriousness of the wheat situationwas shown by a Department of Agriculture report on the supply incountry elevators and mills, whichwas supplemented by a frank admission at the Food Administration thatexisting flour stocks are only 30 percent, of the normal quantity neededuntil July 1. Food Administrationoflicials thought the department's estimate of 180,000,000 bushels -ofwheat in elevators and on farmsMarch 1 was optimistic and saidtheir best information was that 125,00 00 00 bushels was the greatestamount that could be expected.The Allies have been promisedqa ana nnn bushels of srrain betweenJan. land July 1. There is no .intention of failing to carry out thisprogram, which is regarded as themost important duty now confronting the American people. Owing toa shortage of transportation thegreater part of the export programremains to be carried out and thewheat must be obtained from thescant supply in this country by curtailment of individual, consumption.J pal mIMPORTANT FOR NEW AUTOOWNERS TO KNOW.Every owner of a mdtor vehicle assoon as it is purchased isrequired toregister same with the Secretary ofState. He is issued a certificate ofregistration with a distinctive number and is given two number plateswhich must be attached to the motorvehicle, one in front and one in therear. It is unlawful to run the motorvehicle upon anyhighway withoutboth numbers attached. Motor vehicles must also have lights, frontand rear, which must be lit when machine is running upon the , publichighway from sunset to one hour before sunrise'. Violators of this lawmay be fined from $10 to $50 or imprisoned in the county jail from fiveto thirty days.If a person registers a motor vehicle arid sells it, he can return hisregistration certificate and numbertags and get a refund for the unused period, but it is unlawful to putthe number tags upon another machine that he may purchase.SOCIAL AM) PERSONAL.A -Comimg and; Goings' of OurPeople HeretThere andElsewhereThe Way of Investigation.Very few investigations hold upin a way that makes them as interesting at the finish as they were at thestart.-?-;PUBLIC AUCTIONOPSmall Suburban Farms!Mrs. W. Rhodes Shackleford, ofRichmond, was a week-ed. guest oParis relatives.Rev. Julian McClintock has returned to Richmond, after a visit torelatives in Paris.Mr. Ed. B. Hedges, who has beenseriously ill at his home on Stoneravenue, continues to improve.Miss Lena Mae Jones, of Winchester, is a guest of Misses ElizabethTarr and Agnes Turner, near Paris.Mr. and Mrs. John Koontz andlittle son have returned from a visitto Mr. and Mrs. Will Rion, in' Covington, sMiss Maud Dacres, of Carlisle',was a guest 'several days recently ofMr. and Mrs. Win. G. McClintock, onPleasant street.Mrs. Sallie Ashbrook has returned to her home in Cynthiana after avisit to &er sister, Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft, on Second street.Mrs". Jessie Dykes and daughter,Miss Norma Dykes, have returned totheir home in Richmond, after avisit to relatives in Paris.Mr. W. H. Harris, of Lexington,formerly Louisville & Nashville general agent at this point, was a 'visitor in the city last week,Miss Jennie James, who has beenseriously ill at the home of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. W. James, onFourth street, is improving.Mrs. Harry B. Burnaw has returned to her iiome in Carlisle, aftera visit to her daughter, Mrs. CurtisHenry, on Fifteenth street.Mr. and Mrs. Hughes Atkinsonhave returned to their home in Montgomery county, after a visit to thelatter's mdther, Mrs. Wm. Tarr, nearParis.Miss Jonie Cain, of Cane Ridge,this county, has taken a position a?head trimmer in the millinery establishment of Miss Kate Schmidt, inRichmond. ,.Mr. W. Fittiian Hall has returned to his home near Blanchester, O.,after a visit to Bourbon county relatives. Mr. Hall recently purchaseda farm of 150 acres near Blanchester.Mr. and Mrs. Hume Payne anddaughters, Misses Rebecca and GayHume, and Miss Mary Gorham haveretM-ncd from a winter's stay inTauipu, Florida. When they left theland o; fiowers the temperature wasgrovii t very warm, ' like the summers i t Kentucky. They report theBou:iion county people in Florida ashaving had a most enjoyable timethe past winter.Mr. and Mrs. Gene Wallingfordhave returned to their home in Covington, after a visit to Mr. and Mrs.W. F. Talbott, in Paris, and to relatives in the county. v During theirstay they were guests of honor atdinings given by Mr. and Mrs. Talbott, Dr. and Mrs. H. E. Foster, inParis, Mrs. Varden Shipp, in Cli-n-tonville,and Mr. and Mrs. FithianShipp, in Lexington.(Other Personals on Page 5)'!'RMDFBRJSTCORSETS'The Ne Pins Ultra of Corsetry'The Hon. Mrs. Grahame was afamous beauty of her time, andwas considered one of the mostbeautifully dressed women Sobeautiful that Gainesborough required no accessory in his painting. The proportions of her figureso carefully taken denote thatshe could have worn this; model.Nature gave her a low bust,and this little model would haveheld the bust and cunningly indented the waist with that verystraight front and back line somuch the vogue.This beautiful model ismade of fine batiste. Itexquisitely completes thelingerie of the well dressedwoman.$4 up.Back Lace. Front Lace.WOLF, WILE $ CO.LEXINGTON, KY.SCALE 200 FEET TO THE INCH..Shy.63S'J.yKO 3, 36B A,- 803KnMb 2, 4.02 Acres.949Kb 1, -4 71 Acres .1116'V.'IDV3Christina nrWe will sell at public auction, without reserve, on the premises, on the Clintonville pike, justoutside the City limits of Paris, on JSaturday, March 30, 1918beginning at 11 o'clock sharp, three desirable small farms, containing from four to five acres each.These small farms or home sites are situated on the South side of the Clintonville pike, having aJ! i ?A .,I"U .-F Olfl -Faai-The land is in a high state of cultivation, being excellent soil for the cultivation of hemp, truckadequate returns on their money invested here. mThese tracts are located in a neighborhood built up with substantial homes, and all occupied bygood neighbors.Natural gas is easily obtainable from these tracts, the mam gas line passing directly in frontof the land. . ' , cTERMSEasy and made known on day of sale. '.For information apply to the undersigned, wno win.iaKe pleasure m showing the property to.W'ARRIS & SPEAKES"-"vvjr v -r - - n s -" -. - -'- -... --:-.L .-.X., , ?! """ Aitnisj rAKia, iVY.iprospective purchasers.WHAT HAS BEEN DONE IN WAHSTAMP CAMPAIGN.y1. Every postoffice has been supplied with thrift cards, savingsstamps and certificates, and has distributed or should have distributed,advertising ,matter and literature regarding them to every patron ofevery postoffice, whether receivinghis mail at the postoffice or throughrural carriers.2. Every rural carrier has orshould ha,ve a supply of thrift stampsand savings stamps with him on hisroute each day.3. Every bank and trust compnayhas received a blank from the Treasury Department on which to applyfor an authorized agency. Mostbanks have already applied. All ofthem should.4. Every teacher in the ruralschool and every superintendent of agraded school has received literaturefrom the State Superintendent anddirect from the State headquarterswith. a view to stimulating the saleand increasing the knowledge of thestamps through the schools.It is for members of the CountyCampaign Committee to co-ordinatethis work, to co-operate with everyone who is already promoting thesale of these stamps, and to open upevery possible new avenue of distributionin short, to do everythingpossible to increase the sale, of thethrift stamps and savings stamps invour community."I9T5SFLOATING TURRET IS POET EOSHARBOR DEEENSE.a unimip. contrivance for harborand coast protection is described asa submersible, torpedo-dischargingturret in an illustrated article in th2April Popular Mechanics Magazine.It may be raised to the surface of thehvater or sunk to a safe depth belowit, as the occasion requires, udviously there is no propulsion mechanism for the device would be towed,when moved, and then anchored. Thefloating turret is circular in form andmounted on a supporting frameworkto which the anchor lines areattached. Such an arrangement permits it to be rotated about itsvertical axis so that its torpedoesmay be launched in any direction.Cheapness of construction, as compared with submarines and other warvessels, and its safety to friendlyshfpping.-contrasted with mine fields,are the chief advantages cited.lS,ISilSHIS IDEA OF OUR IAGUAGE IS"TO HELL WITH THE KAISER""To hell with the Kaiser."-Thus Teres Corles, Italian, greeted Chairman Gregory Hatcher, of local exemption board No. 1, when hemade '"signs that he wanted to bedrafted- into the American army atDallas, Texas. ,--""You can't go to the war becauseypu'r , eyes are poor," Hatcher ex:plained.Then through an interpreter, u,was learned thatTheres .kne.w. butfive, words fin-English? They, aret .GRAND OPERA HOUSETHURSDAY, MARCH 28The Play that Cincinnati Newspapers endorsed sofavorably. The Play that ran for 446 consecutive performances at the Longacre Theatre, New York.AMDERSONandWERERPRESENT"VTHE GREATEST igHk' OF ALL FARCES BJ'S.ONE H3 n ypaqHNOTHING IBUTTHEJpi.. . zm p-A smart play for smart people. A laugh with everytick of the clock. The funniest comedy New York has seenin years N. Y. Times. This attraction guaranteed. strictly;high class, and owing to an error-in dates enables Paris- to,see this popular. attraction Don't fail to see this show ifyou do, don't blame any one but yourself.PRICES-25C TO $1.50Sat Sak Monday at Alama Thaatrt ami Th? QmmdHiaHiiiiiHiaHiiaiHiiHiMltaajMiiff i51.V ." . r '-3"T- TN??$.' "J T""'fTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, XT.TTJ16DAY, MJLRCH U. lilt.t HEWS OF WOMEN'S WOET'IKTEBESTnrG TO CLUBWOMEN.If yoy are at all interested in thevwf,hea.r Dr. Abbott and Mr. Powell, Thursday, 3 p. m., at the operahouse. At this time we must beneither discouraged nor over confident. These will be searching, heartto heart talks, bristing with information that is positively authentic.You can not afford to miss them. Allthesingers of the city are requestedto come to the stage. Do not waitfor an -invitation. This is your timeto help.With The Clubs.- The Paris Literary Club.Alaska's New Railroad Mrs.Lowry.Fish, Fur and Forest Miss Spears.In the Haunts of the SyndicateMrs. Payne.. At the Bed CrojssBooms.Tuesday Pastor's Aid Presbyterian Church. 7 ' eWednesday Bible Class of Christian Church.Thursday Jewish Circle.Friday Clintonville Circle.Saturday Teachers' Circle.There was a splendid response tothe calljior refugee garments and thechapter appreciates this generous cooperation. Keep this in mind theremal be another and even more urgentcall.The Progressive Culture Club.Responses Miscellaneous.Swimming For Health and BeautyMrs. Clendenin.Screen Artists Miss Horton.Spies Mrs. Arnsparger.Overalls and Bloomers Mrs. Wallace Clark.Election of Officers.Korth Middletown Women's Club.March 29 American Composers.American Music . . Mrs. L. R. HenryPiano g.a Narcissus Nevinb. Witches Dance .... McDowellMrs. Tollie Young.Voice ra. Song of the Shirt Homerb. Moonlight, Starlight . . GilbertMrs. J. W. JonesPianoa. yalse Caprice Newlandb. Country Dance VivianMrs. J. J. Redmona. Banjo Song .... Sidney Homerb. Robin's Song in the AppleTree McDowellc. The Lark Now Leaves HisWatery Nest McDowellMiss AndrewsConcerto McDowellMiss AndrewsMrs. Tollie YoungA New Spring HatFor25 CentsDean Mary B. Sweeney, of tire College of Home Economic, Lexington,and one of Mr. Hoover's most efficient assistant Food Administrators inKentucky, visited North Middletown,Taris and Millersburg last week, andspoke to the housewives in the interest of food conservation.Her practical talks were principally along the line of wheat raising,and the speaker showed conclusivelyby argument and demonstration thenossibility and the necessity of conserving our supply of wheat flour bycombining it with substitutes in themaking of bread and cake, in orderthat our soldiers and the Allies maybe fed.Miss Sweeney made the startlingstatement that notwithstanding theearnest appeals which have beenbeen made to the housewives ofAmerica, the consumption of wheatup to the first of February had beennormal, , the women not seeming torealize the gravity of the situationor not being patriotic enough to respond to the urgent requests of theGovernment in observing the rules ofthe food administration."The women of America, not Mr.Hoover," declared Miss Sweeney,"are the real food directors, and inthe hands of the housekeepers of theland rests the fate of democracy."Only about twenty per cent, of thewomen are observing the food regulations, and unless they are morestrictly followed, the people will beput on bread rations, was theprophecy of the speaker, and in threedays the prophecy was fulfilled, forthe National Food Administrator hasannounced that no person is to be allowed more than lty pounds ofwheat flour per week.If the women had not failed intheir duty, this strict ruling wouldnot have been necessary.HOME TELEPHONE HOTES.Mr. S. M. Heller, Genqral .Managerof the Central Home "Telephone &Telegraph Company, Louisville, Kentucky, was a recent visitor to Parisand Cynthiana.Mr. W. M. Paine, Assistant Superintendent, and well known in Paris,has joined the Signal Corps, and isnow stationed at Camp Zachary Taylor. Mr. J. J. Lynch, well-known atParis, and now manager at Maysville,succeeds Mr. Paine as Assisitant Superintendent. Mr. B. Y. Chambers,well-known at Paris, and who hasbeen located at Paducah for severalyears, succeeds Mr. Lynch as Manager at Maysville. Mr. E. M. Veatcn,who has many friends at Paris andwho is a brother of District Manager.J. J. Veatch, succeeds Mn B. Y.Chambers as District Manager atPaducah.Miss Irene Lenihan has resignedher position as cashier, on account ofher folks moving to Lexington. MissLenihan will be succeeded by MissBertie M. Owens, who for severalyears has been bookkeeper for theGainsboro Telephone Company, ofSomerset, Kentucky. We extend toMiss Owens cordial welcome to ourour midst.Mrs. E. C. Burgin, for severalyears Chief Operator, returns toParis, April 1st, and resumes her oldposition. We most cordially welcomeMr. and Mrs. Burgin back to Paris,where they both have a host offriends. Mr. Burgin has also accepted a position in the plant and equipment department.Mrs. Allen Williams, of CynthianaTelephone Company is spending a fewdays in Paris, assisting in auditingbooks.This year has been a record breakeron subscribers moving from one location to another and with a few exceptions we believe all moves areabout straightened out. It not, cailManager Cannon's attention to same.fca S3 toMRS. GRINNELL RESTORED TOSOUND HEALTH AND MIND."NOTHDIG BUT THE TRUTH.''"frothing But The Truth" is announced for presentation at the ParisI Grand Opera House next Thursday,March 28, under the immediate direction of G. M. Anderson, (BroncoBilly) and L. Lawrence Weber. This! is 'the farce that attracted capacityhouses at the Longacre Theatre 490times, and sent each one of those audiences away 'still laughing. Theplay, which is by James Montgomery,is based upon the unique idea of thecentral figure of the story confiningIns speech to nothing but the truth.Just a little idea, but see this farceand you will see how vast it was inpossibilities as a laugh maker whencarried out. Enough then of theplay. We are assured it is away andbeyond just amusing. Of the players we are promised all that could bedesired in artistic ability, as eachone has been carefully selected withultimate object of making this theaggregation of farceurs de luxe.m m m 'COMING ATTRACTIONS AT THEALAMO AND PARIS GRANDTo-day, Tuesday, March 26 Wallace Reid and Kathlyn Williams inbig Paramount feature, "Big Timber," from the story by BertrandSinclair; fourteenth episode of "Vengeance and The Woman."To-morrow, Wednesday, March 27The noted Japanese actor, SessueHayakawa, in Paramount picture,"The Secret Game;" a Luko Comedy"The Flirt," and Pathe News of Current Events No. 19.Thursday, March 28 At the ParisGrand, "Nothing But The Truth;"at The Alamo, Constance Talmadge.in "Scandal;" third episode of "TheRetreat of The Germans at the Battle of Arras," actual scene taken ofthe Allies' and the Central Powers'positions at the front.Go back to the simple life, be contented with simple food, simple pleasures, simple clothes. Work hard,pray hard, play- hard. Work, eat,recreate, sleep. Do it all courageously. We have a victory to win.Hoover.You can color your straw hatfresh and dainty with, COLORITE!In most every shade, or you cancolor your straw hat to match anew dress.Get a bottle to-day. We haveall colors.Brooks&SnappDrugCo.Phones 46415 Main SfcKnit. Sister. Knit!Knit, sister, knit with care,Knit in the presence of the passen-jaire,Knit at home, knit in the train,Knit with all your might and main.Knit in the morn, knit at night,Knit for freedom, knit for right,Knit them short, knit them long.Knit them full, knit them strong,Knit for the old, knit for the youth,Knit for all who stand for truth.Knit till the Kaiser wakes from hisdream,Knit till world peace reigns supreme.IS Ri T51NOW SHOWING BEAUTIFULSPRING LINE.See our beautiful line of dressginghams, middie blouses and children's dresses just received.(22-3t) THE RACKET STORE.Farm for Sale at Auction !In front of the Court House, onMonday, April 1, 1918,(court day) at 11 o'clock a. nu, we will sell at public outcry 91 acres ofhplendid land, with good 5 room cottage, 4 acre tobacco barn, corn crib,buggy house, smoke house, 5 bushels of fine onions, now up, 18 acres inrye, 35 acres in clover and timothy.LAND ALL LAYS WELL AND IS FAIRLY WELL PENCEDThis farm (known as Dr. Moore place) is situated on the Jacksonvilleand Centerville turnpike, one-half mile from graded school, 8 miles fromParis, 3 niiles from Elizabeth Station, 2y2 miles from Centerville. Thisfarm will be sold if we get any bidders. The deferred payments will becarried at 5 per cent. Possession given immediately.There will be a large banner posted in front of. the residence. Any oneinterested please call Paris Realty Company, either phone, and we will beglad to show you the place.Don't forset the day and date County Court Day, Mondav. Anril 1.at 11 a. m. - PAEIS REALTY CO.,,,$ J:KENNEAutcioneer. Paris, Kentucky.The many friends and acquaintances of Mrs. J. W. Grinnell will bepleased to learn of her complete recovery. Her husband wishes to makethe following statement to the general public:"Those who knew my wife twentySears ago will again find her to bethe same amiable and respecting person that she was at that time, andfor the benefit of those who did notknow her until recently I shall stateher case. Eighteen years ago lastSeptember she had a severe attack otyphoid yever, which lasted for forty-eightdays. Upon recovery fromthis she partially regained her health,but began to gradually lose her mind.The following April the best of medical doctors available pronounced herincurable and she was adjudged in-bane and sent to the Asylum at Lextington, Ky., where she remained almost continuously for sixteen years.In the spring of 1915 she was broughthome, and as circumstances weremore favorable then for keeping herat home than heretofore, we decidedto do so, though she required constant attention. Believing there wasnothing that could be done to benefither condition, we did not consult thedoctors any more, until some one recommended we try Chiropractic. Allthat was told me about the scienceseemed so plausible that I immediately began to investigate furtherand soon became sufficiently interested that I decided to give it a trial,and on January 25, 1918, I took niywife to the local Chiropractor, Dr. S.r. Mohney, whose office is in the Masonic Temple. Since that date shehas been taking the adjustment regularly, and to-day I consider her aswell physically and mentally as sheever was. We again welcome you allto call at any time."J. W. GRINNELL."U. C. HIGH-GRADE FERTILIZERBurley Tobacco giower and truckgrowers' favorite.(22-4t) W. C. DODSON.jsa jsi !mTHEM'S OUR SENTIMENTS.Mr.' Epoch Grehan, the LexingtonHerald's brilliant paragrapher, putvolumes of truth in one paragraph ina recent issue when he wrote thissquib: "German intrigue has reached so acute a stage in America thatnothing is going to still the clamor!of the people but a solid wall and theHun spy between it and the firingsquad that sees its duty and knowshow to do it."153 151 151AUTO PURCHASES.Among recent purchasers of nevautos are T. C. Johnson, of NorthMiddletown, who now owns a niceHupmobile touring car; Thos. Patrick, of North Middletown, a twoton Masters auto truck, and V. L.Huffman, of the Centerville vicinitv.gord'ear. ,FRANK & CO.THE RELIABLE STORESpring 1918NOW SHOWINGJUNew Spring MaterialsOF EVERY DESCRIPTIONSilks, Dress GoodsVOILES, POPLINS,GINGHAMS, SHIRTINGS,SKIRTINGS. WAISTINGSWHITE GOODS IN NEW STYLESNOVELTIES OF ALL KINDS IN NEWWASH GOODSREADY-TO-WEARSUITS, SKIRTSSILK AND WASH DRESSESCOME IN AND SEEOUR STOCK.FRANK & CO.Public SaleOf 25 Head ofIllinois Farm Mares!County Court DayApril 1st, at 11 O'clockat T. G. Morris' stable, on Main Street. Ages 3 to 6 years, 120Qto 1400 pounds, sound and good workers. This is the best lot ofmaroi ever shipped to Paris. Come and look them over Saturday.WOODS LIVE STOCK CO.,J. H. JORDAN, Salts Mmmw. j .wNii DauMMMCMf AuctfncrB-4 TIREInsure withW.O. HINTON &SON,AgtsPIRE DAMAGES HOUSE IN SINGER'S ALLEY.A defective flue in a double framehouse in Singer's Alley caused ablaze yesterday afternoon which didconsiderable damage. The housewas occupied by the families of Oscar Lee and James Wilson, coloredtenants. The property loss was about$300; with about $350 damage to thehousehold goods. The ; property isowned by the C. Arnsparger estate.The department responded to analarm from Box 24 and did goodwork."f5i IS isaFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.HANDSOME PROCTOR. HOME' BURNED AT WINCHESTER.Fire, which was first discoveredin the attic over the kitchen to theG-. W. Proctor home on the Lexingtonpike, about three miles from Winchester on Friday morning at nineo'clock, destroyed the entire home,entailing a loss of between $15,000and $20,000, which was partiallycovered by insurance.S3 S3 13NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.You are hereby notified to boilall water used for drinking or domestic purposes, whether it be fromhydrant, cistern, well or spring.This is important, and you will govern yourselves accordingly. 6By order of Board of Health.By A. H. KELLER,(12-tf) Health Officer.CIRCUIT COURT.The March term of Court came toa close Saturday, when after the motion hour, Special Judge C. D. Newildirected Circiut Clerk Wm. H. Webbto enter the orders for the dayJudge Newell returned -to his honiein Maysville, Saturday.NEW CLOTHES!GET THEM FOR EASTER!If you need new clothes, now is the time to get them. Most everybody likesto wear their new things at Easter time.There's one thing you should be certain of this Easter whatever you buy besure it's good. BUY IT GOOD that!s the way to save money. The clotheiwesell will help you do it.Hart Schafner& Marx andMake ThemKirschbaumcassimeres,They're here; new military styles for young men and dignified suits for theoiaer men. rouna in blues, browns, grays, greens and fabrics ofworsteds and serges.$12.50 to $35.00Approved Hat Styles For SpringThe best styles of the very best makers await your selection. You won't haveany trouble finding the best hat that suits you best.$2.00 to $7.50New Shirts For EasterYou'll find more beauty of color and design in our shirts this Spring than everbefore. Ask to see them when you are in our store.Rich Colors in Neckwear and HoseYou won't feel complete Easter morning with a new suit, hat and shirt unWyou have a new lie and silk hose.R. P. WALSH7th and MainOne-Price StoreParis, Ky.X.UhrIAV-y3fVtTUESDAY, MARCH 26. 1918.THE BOIJRBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.xtsCOR THE 8ESTNOTHING ELSESEED OATS.Seed Oats; test 4opounds; purity 99 1 -2per cent; gemination98 per cent. CloverSeed; Timothy Seed.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(mar8-8t)EASTER HATS.Stetson in all colors for every man$5 and ?6.J. W. DAVIS & CO.m m 1BLAPPELLATE COURT DECISIONSIn the Court of Appeals at Frankfort, Friday a decision was handeddowrf in the case of Clay vs. Clay,from Bourbon county, in which theappelle's motion for time to file a petition for rehearing was sustained,and the time given until May 1.pa lsa PaYOU NEED'M WE HAVE'M.We have the Garden Seed. Yoaneed them.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.ts pa paTHREE SMALL FARMS TO BESOLD AT AUCTIONThree small farms, or home sites,on the Clintonville pike, just outsidethe city, will be sold Saturday, March30. Each tract fronts 210 feet. Seedescription and plat on page 3.(26-2t) HARRIS & SPEAKES.l 1 MlBOURBON MAN LOSES EYESIGHTIN ACCIDENT.Norman Frye, aged twenty-four,of Austerlitz, this county, was operated on at the Clark County Hospital,Friday, his left eye being removed.While at work on the Louisville &Nashville road between Austerlitzand Renick stations, a piece of steelflew in his eye, piercing the eye balland completely destroying the sight,necessitating removal of the eye. Thepiece of steel passed 'through the eyelid, entering the eye, where the surgeons found it embedded in the opticnerve.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.ANNOUNCEMENT.Mr. E. L. Franke-n, representingIhe Potter Shoe Co., Cincinnati, willbe in Paris, Wednesday, March 27, atWindsor Hotel, with a full and complete line of new and authoritativefootwear in the prevaling fashion-..We would appreciate a most carefuland critical inspection.Respectufully,(?6-lt) THE POTTER SHOE CO.lea m m15 PIECES OF PARIS PROPERTYAT AUCTION.Having bought some farm land Ifind I must convert my city propertyinto cash, and will sell without reserve, at public auction, on Saturday, April 6, beginning at 1:30 p.hl 15 pieces of the most desirabletown property, consisting of threepieces facing on Broadwaybusinessproperty; a number of desirablehuilding lots and a number of cotagesand small homes. For further detailssee Harris & Speakes.(26-3t)AUTO SALES.The following Bourbon county people have recently purchased newmachines from the C. S. Ball Garage,in Paris: c n.Burris Bros., five-passenger, 6-cyi-inderBuick; Ray Burris, flve-passen-ger6-cylinder Buick, Charles Mason,Buick touring car; James Liter, flv.jpassenger 6-cylinder Buick; J- iUHaTl? five-passenger Buick roadster;Charles Mack, five-passenger, 6-cyi-inderBuick; John Sauer, seven-pas-sensrer6-cylinder Buick.M? Ball and several drivers wi.lgo to the factory at Flint Michigan,to-day, and return with the cars under their own power.PELD'S PINE SPRING P00TWEAR.A VARIETY TO SELECT FROM..As usual, we have a fine assortmentof Spring -footwear and a greatvariety to seieci, """. otvyrt?(26-tf) FELD'S SHOE STORE.m m -YOUR EASTER SUIT...ij -u -, nf the aual-lf you wouiu uc - -, -fity, as well as the style, select itliere 'J 20 up. ,rTO jv roj. W. DAVIS & u-PUBnclAlToP THREE SMALLFARMS MARCH 30.See plat and description of threewell-located small farms thatwm dsold at auction on Mcpage 3 WJWgclose in ana veij porv-, mi, torms are etxj-Dan nomes. !- :" door.Close to city, natural gas at jloor,and three minutes from into rurbaii.(26-2t) HARRIS & SPEAKEb.S JS TS-TO' TAKE CENSUS OP SCHOOLCHILDREN. vCounty Superintendent of SchoolsJ. B. Caywood is preparing to senaout notifications to the trustees offthe Common Scnoois . "":& pecounty to call at his officeand get blanks upon which to takethe biennial census of school childrenin the county. .It is required under the State lawsthat this census shall be takenevery two years, and tne trustees ar.lequired to do this work. Mr. Caywood has the census g ghis office, and wants the trustees tocall as aoon M possible and securethem. , - . sREAL ESTATE DEALS AND LANDSALES.Dr. H. M. Hamilton has returnedfrom a professional business trip toCatlettsburg.Mr. and Mrs. G-. W. Conrad andfamily have moved from near Flem-ingsburg to Bourbon county, to reside.Mrs. George Link, of near Paris,is a guest of her sister, Mrs. CharlesAshurst, at Taylorsville, in Spencercounty.Mrs. Duke Bowles and Mrs.-KuDe JLetton nave returned from avisit to Mrs. Chas. Geffinger, in Nich-olasville.Mr. and Mrs. Curtis Henry, ofFifteenth street, were guests recentlyof Mr. and Mrs. Howard Henry, inWinchester.Mr. Omar Ritchie, of Paris, Montana, is a guest of relatives andfriends in Paris and North Middletown, his former homes.Mr. and Mrs. Davis Patrick, whospent the winter in Lexington, haveleturned to their home near Paris forthe spring and summer.Mr. and Mrs. E. C. Clevelandand little son, Cromwell, and daugnter, Margaret, have returned from awinter's sojourn in Florida.Mrs. John Lee and daughter,Miss Ruth, have returned to theirhome in Paris after a visit to her parents, Mr. and Mrs. L. H. Dills, inCynthiana.Mr. J. L. Rice, who has been apatient at the Massie Memorial Hospital, for several waaks, has entirelyrecoyered and has resumed charge ofhis business in North Middletown.Miss Maude Herrin, who hasbeen seriously ill for'several days ather home on South Main street, hasbeen removed to the Massie MemorialHospital, in this city, for treatment.Miss Katherine Marsh, of Paris,has been elected as teacher in Margaret College, Versailles. Miss Marshbucceeds Miss Katheiine Rout, whoiesigne"d on account of continued illhealth. Mr. and Mrs. John T. Collins,who spent the winter in Paris duringthe tobacco sales season, with Mrs.Thomas Helm Clay, on Eighth street,have returned to North Middletown ito reside at their country home.Mr. and Mrs. Carter N. Martinhave returned from a stay of severalweeks at French Lick Springs in Indiana. Mr. Martin has been a sufferer from rheumatism and wasgreatly benefitted by his stay at theSprings. They were met at Cincinnati by their daughter, Miss MaryMartin, who had been visiting friendsin the Queen City.The "Notes of The TravelingMen" department in Sunday's Lexington Leader has the following regarding a popular Paris member ofthe Bluegrass Council, U. C. T.:"Clay Sutherland, better known as'Southie,' representing Swift & Company, with headquarters in Lexington, was here Thursday night to meethis sales manager. Mr. Sutherlandis a great favorite with the travelingmen."Misses Nora, Lena and SophiaHutson entertained at their homenear Shawhan, recently, with a sixo'clock dinner in honor of theirbrother, Private Alex Hutson, whowas at home on a furlough fromCamp Shelby, Hattiesburg, Miss. Thehouse was tastefully decorated inred, white and blue, and contained alarge service flag, which held threestars, as a remembrance of theirbrother a-nd two of his friends, whoalso partook of Misses Hutson's hospitality. The dinner comprised coffee, turkey, old ham, biscuits, salads,ices and cakes, etc. Each guest waspresented with an orange which helda dainty American flag, as a tokenthat "The Allies are on top of theworld." There weie about fiftyguests present. At the hour oftwelve all merriment ceased and theguests united in singing "My Country, Tis of Thee," and other patrioticsongs, and in giving three cheers for"America and the Allies Forever."(Other Personals on Page 3)te. I! yHEY, THERE. LUKE!Luke McLuke, the irrepressiblemerry-maker of the Cincinnati Enquirer, takes the following crack inhis cohimn in Sunday's paper at someTaris celebritees whose names havefurnished his inspiration:"If Norman Soper, Will Washerand J. B. Dryer, of Paris, Ky., landjobs as attendants at the Ladier,'Turkish Bath in the Club, Luke isgoing to change his name to LukeMcRubber.". Ta laidtt-rttc SALE OP THREE SMALLisMrs. wm. Lenihan, who recentlysold her home near Paris to Mr.Uharles Peddicord, has purchasedthe home of Mrs. Laura Lair, on Highstreet, and will move into it thisweek, or as soon as possessiongiven.David Gaines, colored, purchasedot Aine Rowland, a small farm ofthirty-five acres, located on the Ruddies Mills pike, near Paris, for $10,-500. Gaines is one of the most substantiai colored farmers in thecounty, having accumulated a nicebank account by shrewd trading andindustry.Thomas woodall, of the L. & N.purchased of O. T. Hinton a tract ofthree acres of unimproved land inthe Wildwood Addition, for $1,500Wm. Chisholm sold to CouncilmanJ. J. veatch. a vacant building loton Fithian avenue, in the White Addition, at a private price. Mr.Veatch will erect a cottage on thelot this summer.Despite the threatening weatherthere was a goodsized crowd in attendance at the public sale of thehandsome brick home of Misses Winnie and Lutie Williams, on Pleasantstreet, Saturday morning. The salewas conducted by the real estate firmof Harris & Speakes, Col. Geo. D.Speakes, auctioneer. The successfulbidder was Hon. Claude M. Thomas,whose bid of $8,500 carried off theproperty. This is one of the mostsubstantial homes in Paris, havingbeen built in 1850, by Major GeorgeWilliams, one of the pioneer settleisof Paris. It was the home place ofthe late Mr. B. Frank Williams, ofLexington, whose son, General RogerWilliams, spent most of his boyhooddays there. It is a type of mansionso seldom seennow. and will makethe purchaser a comfortable home.ftafel BTHREE SMALLFARMS TOSOLD AT AUCTION.BEThree small farms, or home sites onthe Clintonville pike, just outside thecity, will be sold Saturday, March30. Each tract fronts 210 feet. Seedescription and plat on page 3.(26-2t) HARRIS & SPEAKES.PARMS MARCH 30.See plat and description of threewell-located small farms that will bee-M of tmblic auction on March 30., "hrPA nf this issue. Thisproperty is close in and very, desnable for suburban homes. The termsare easy. Close to cny, natuxui snat door, and 3 minutes from inter-U(26-2t) HARRIS & SPEAKES.PISHQF ALL KINDS.Fresh caught fish of all kinds received to-day. These fish are all welliced and are kept in clean, sanitaryrefrigerators, free from dust and injects We dress them free of chargefor our customers.THE PAIR.WALL PAPERDo you realize that there arestyles and fashions in Wall Papers the same as most anything?People like to dress well and bein style; why shouldn't youkeep the interior of your homein style by papering it with thelatest creations? We sell enormous lots of Wall Paper at avery close margin of profit. Itwill not cost you a cent to investigate what we can do for you.POR SATURDAY ONLY.Complete 42 piece Semi-PorcelainDinner Sets at $5.98 set;Cups and Saucer with gold figure Work at 98c set; Plates tomatch 79c a set; Meat Dishes tomatch at 15c and 29c.THE PAIR.flMEAPTO-m m mADMINISTERESTATE.Mr.Sahford Allen, Cashier of theof Millersburg, hasyictrolaforfasterSolos and anthemsby the world's greatest artists and choirsriht in ycur ownhome!lViL.Lo ior cccru occasion;and so easy to possess aVictrola! Victors and Victrolas $10 to $400. Wearrange terms io suit.''jf .1 vV-".-r-. -.nvE!' KHHKjrariucto r - nJ,lnictrflfnr r.fstafe of Mrs M.X Smith, whorecenUy at Kansas City, Mo.? Allen qualified by furnishingbond to "he "urn of 13.000, -with Mr.xv D Mcintyre, uj. iu.iij.oo -surety. Messrs. W. M. Waggoner, JJH Williamson, and K. T. Letton wereAppointed appraisers of the estate.DaughertyBros.Fifth and Main"""wsaB1 1 -tlMt&KlJJust Arrived!NewSPRING SUITS, COATS ANDDRESSESIn All the Latest Colors and MaterialsNEWSPRING MILLINERYARRIVING DAILY-iWe also have a beautiful line ofnew Spring White Goods, WashGoods and many other materials toselect from.Come in and Inspect Our Select LinesrHARRY SIMONAgents For Munsing Wear, Warner's Rust Proof Corsetsand Eiffel Brand HosieryHffyTOWiWfiWfifimMmmMmmmMMMMMAmMmmMMimJUST A FEW MORE DAYSOF THE BIG CASH SALE20 Per Cent. Off Everything!Demonstration of the Automatic!We are demonstrating every day at the store here why the Automatic Eefrigerator positively saves food bills, saves ice bills, and saves doctor bills.Tainted foods have been known to make an entire family ill. We are demonstrating howfoods in hot weather are kept pure and sweet, wholesome, fresh and crisp, with no lostflavor. We are showing why food odors will not mix in the automatic.We are positively showing just how, by reason of the eight walls, heat is kept out andcold is kept in how ice-heating is done away with. We are showing the only kind of watercooler to have m fact, we are showing so many good things about this Automatic that youreally ought to come in. You are welcome to come to see this demonstration. Bring afriend or two. We like to show the Automatic. Ask for free booklet.If you wish to you may open an Automatic. Your saving on ice and foods will make iteasier to pay.Join Our Kitchen, Cabinet Club!THEJ.T.HINTONCOMOTOR HEARSEMOTOR INVALID COACHEITHERPHONE" 36UNDERTAKINGSIXTH AND MAIN ATS.$-4-5li " 'THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY."V?tti fix '"r?nr''n"JiTUESDAY, MARCH U, Mil. '?ft.-Chtnglnf Color of Flower.Maps, pink flowers may be turnedIblfceUy exposing them to the fumes ofammonia for a few minutes, and blueflowera fcecome pink when exposed toa Has.l&Blue Ribbon SeedsNone Better6 Papers for 25cOnion Setstig as Our Supply15c a Quart5t I -i'At Long as Our Supply LastsGIRLS! DARW A MOISTCLOTH THROUGH HAIRDOUBLE ITS BEAUTYTry This! Hair Gets Thick, Glossy,Wavy and BeautifulAt OnceBESTSEED POTATOES5 Different Varieties$2.50 Per BushelBest Eating Potatoes40c a PeckWE PAYHIGHEST CASH PRICESFOR PRODUCEBusy BeeCash Store(22mar-4t)aamam mThe Charmand Beautyof ourMILLINERYImmediate? Yes! Certain? thatis the the joy of It. Your hair becomes light, wavy, fluffy, abundantand appears as soft, lustrpus andbeautiful as a young girl's after :iDanderine hair cleanse. Just trythis moisten a cloth with a littleDanderine and carefully draw itthrough your hair, taking one smallstrand at a time. This will cleansethe hair of dust, dirt or excessive oil,and in just; a few moments you havedoubled the beauty of your hair. Adelightful surprise awaits thosowhose hair has been neglected or isscraggy, faded7dry brittle or thin,Besides beautifying'the hair, Danderine dissolves every particle of dandruff; cleanses, purifies and invigorates the scalp, forever stopping itching and falling hair, but what willplease you most will be after a fewweeks' use, when you see new hairfine and downy at first yes but really new hair growing all over thescalp. If you care for pretty, softhair, and lots of it, surely get a smallbottle of Knowlton's Danderine fromany drug store or toilet counter fora few cents... (adv)m m mJACK PICKFORD JOINS U. S. FLYING SECTION.Jack Pickford, movie actor, enlisted in the aviation section recentlyand is in New York to begin training.. He is now below draft age.Jack Pickford is a brother of MaiyPickford and has been a motion picture star on his own account forabout two years. He was marrieilast year to Olive Thomas, who leftmusical comedy to join the Trianglepicture forces.TQ Ift JKiFOR A BAD COLD.Take Chamberlain's Cough Remedy. It has stood the test of time' and can be depended upon.(adv. March)Easter .comes but once a year,and this .year it' comes early.Only a few days more and youwill want aNEWHATTo WearEaster Sunday!Beauiful Patterns are here,hundreds of themLadies'Children'sand Misses'MARGOLEN'SALL FRUITSVEGETABLES' FISHAND MEATSare kept inside our store inseparate refrigerators everything screened and freefrom dust and flies.Buy where edibles arekept in a sanitary manner. Our service isprompt.MARGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketTWIN BROSDepartment Store. Main and Seventh Streetsgmt4 mmmt VAA mW;.H .and preventsm . ll This most daneeroislAniiA(- -of allbabr chicle dis. TV 1I1UMes positively nprevented. I lH IM'IIIFHr cured. mwmnmm m wnby putting 2 or 3 drops ofBourbon Poultry RemedyIn the drinking water during thatfirst ten days. Cures gapes, cholera.eoreneaa. roup ana colas. A Wobottle makes 12 gallons of medicine. At druggists or by mallpostpaid. PoultryliookFreo.urbon Remedy Co. DeptWv Lexington, Ky.w r Vlaw.)fci4 :Moving The ClocksForward wIs an effort to catch up with our merchandise,which is always ahead of the times.THE SMARTLY DRESSEDMEN AND BOYS .-ifwho wear our clothes are witnesses to. Athis fact. Let us dress you for the Eas- 'ter parade. You'll thank us. We . have -spokennothing but the truth". .PUBLIC AND 6IGP. gCHOOLSL TOOBSERVE yE3pjgDAY."The Legislature has passed thisbill:"I That there be one day in eachscholastic year of the public and highschools of the State of Kentucky tobe known as Temperance Day andttiat the fourth Friday in October ofeach year is . hereby designated asTemperance Day. This day shall beobserved as such in each public andhigh school of the State, or if preferred in each sub-division thereof."2 The State Superintendent ofPublic Instruction shall have prepared and furnished in due time toevery teacher of said public and highschool of the State a suitable program to be used on said TemperancePay."3 It shall be the duty of theState Superintendent of Public Instruction to have prepared and furnished to teachers in the public andhigh schools placards printed in larg'jtype which shall set forth in attractive style statistics, epigrams, mottoes and uptodate scientific truthsshowing the evils of intemperanceand especially from the use of alcoholic and intoxicating beverages ofall kinds and from cigarettes."4 It shall be the duty of everyteacher in the State paid entirely orin part by the State to keep posted ina conspicious place in the school roomoccupied by said teacher, one of thesaid placards."The States that have this law noware Kansas, Oregon, Alabama, NorthDakota, Tennessee, Missouri, NewMexico, South Dakota, South Carolinaand Kentucky.i i j5Sl PES EQ i iMEN WANTED FOR U. S. NAVALRESERVE.Lieutueant J. H. Teach, in chargeof the Kentucky Recruiting District,with offices at Louisville, Lexington,Covington, Ashland, Owensboro andPaducah, has received orders toenroll as many men as possible in theU. S. Naval Reserve Force. Thirtywere sent away immediately for anEastern Training Station, but mostmen enrolled in the near future toawait a call to active duty. Abouttour hundred men waiting fqr call inKentucky will leave on April 1st fortraining in the East.For several weeks enlistments fromthe whole State of Kentucky weielimited to 25 per week, due to theauthorized cdmplement of the Navybeing filled. Another increase hasbeen made. When that order wasreceived, over 100 enlistments werebeing made daily tiom Kentuckyalone.Lieutenant Teach states that mengoing in the Naval Reserve for general service have practically the sameduty and status as the men of theRegular Navy. One advantage forthe Reserve being that when a manleturns home after the war, a portionof his pay goes on and is sent to himby Government check, for a periolnot to exceed four yeais after enrollment. The age for enlistment is 13to 35. Men under 30 must eitherproduce a release from draft board ora birth certificate signed by parentor guardian and witnessed by a postmaster, minister, merchant or recruiting agent.1 r.BtKnKlBMI MtMiMl JMt MM1 aat lit MUf jmi mb mat mmm Mwrwmw9Z!mmmTT 'v VHHHmVHHP MMMM IKi iI IsThere is more Catarrah in this section of the courtry than all other diseases put together, and for years itwas supposed to be incurable. Doctors prescribed local remedies, andby constantly failing to cure with local treatment, pronounced it incurable. Catarrh is a local disease, greatly influenced byconstitutional treatment. Hall'sCatarrh Medicine, manufactured byF. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio,, is aconstitutional remedy, is taken internally and acts thru the blood onthe Mucous Surfaces of the System.One Hundred Dollars Reward isoffered, for any case that Hall'sCatarrh Medicine fails to cure. Sendfor testimonials.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, 0Sold by all Druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for Constipation.(adv. March)i s 3LONG DISTANCE TORPEDO STUDIED BY SIGNAL' CORPS.Development of an aerial torpedowhich its inventor, Lester P. Barlow,of Philadelphia, declaies offers a newand terrible means of carrying thewar into Germany, is under study bythe Signal Corps. Barlow calls hisinvention a long-distance flying torpedo. "With this weapon," he said, "wecould blast the German empire topieces, drive the populace from German cities and munition centers, stopall industries in Germany, intimidatethe people and cause them tcr fleefrom industrial centers."The inventor said he planned tobuild the torpedoes to carry 1,500pounds of trinitrotoluol, the highestexplosive known to modern warfare,and hurl them 500 miles through theair to destroy whole cities."At present," he said, "no defenseknown could stop the torpedoes, asthey would be launched at night bythe .thousands and would ' passthrough the darkness to a distantcity or other objective point andthere destroy themselves and everything else in the vicinity."pa s TSBAD TASTE IN YOUR MOUTH. ,A great opportunity exists to-day for the investor in oil stock.Never before has there been such a demand for oil. The Government is calling loudly to the oil operators to speed up work, and assisting in getting equipment. It will help win the war.The Columbia Oil& Gas Co.expects to start a drilling campaign this Spring and summer on someof its most valuable leases. Drilling rigs are now being moved toour lease in Lee county, which is located in that marvelously richsectionv There is room for 15 or, 20 wells on this lease, whichshould make the company a rich producer and a very big dividend payer.An pportunity is offered for a short while, to buy the stock at75 cents a share.Write us at once and we will send, you a special letter withfurther information.A. D. FARLEY & CO.404 Courier-Journal Bldg.Fiscal AgentsLOUISVILLE, KY.mrittwmmINDEPENDENTTobacco Warehouse Company(Incorporated)PARIS, KENTUCKY"VTWIN RRfK ClothinS and Shoe Dept.I ff lWr DIYUO. ,619 Main St., Paris, Ky.AfUr Investing in War Stamps and Liberty Bonds. Gttthe Nwt Btst Invtstmtnt Our Clothes.When you have had a bad taste iayour mouth you may know that yourdigestion is faulty. A dose of Chamberlain's Tablets will usually correctthe disorder. They also cause a gen-tlf mnvpmAnt nf th& hnwola v,will find this to be one of Oir hoamedicines you have ever "become acquainted witn.(adv. March)Pa pa paEuropean statesmen now believethat a world Armageddon may beavoided if 'Wilsonian. diplomacy canend the war.to tti W1 Is your support of war economies!.confined to other folks ?? " "Breaks All Records of Any Marketor Warehouse in the StateWhen It Sold Tuesday, March 5th, 100,325 Pounds of Tobacco for $44,055.85A Floor Average of $43.91A Crop of 2,550 Pounds Belonging to Thomason, Burris & Hinkston for anAverage of $58.40And Sold the Highest Priced Basket of the Season at7 $78.00 Per Hundred PoundsBaskets in the Thomas," Burris & Hinkston crop sold as follows:115 pounds $52.50; 220 pounds $55.50; 175 pounds $60.00:510 pounds ?54.50- 200 pounds$54.50; 210 pounds $60.00; 175 pounds $78.00; 60 pounds $77.00; 200 pounds $58 00- 125pounds $60.00; 290 pounds $58.50; 205 pounds $60.00; 170 pounds $50.50; 80 pounds' S47 00115 pountis $54.50. - 'Other Crop Averages in This Sale Were:Young & Robinson4525 pounds, averaged $5406Plummer, McClure & Jones1975 pounds, averaged 50.24Plummer, McClure & Vimont1975 pounds, averaged 47,84Thomason, Burris & Fleming3255 pounds, averaged 47.54-Plummer, McClure & Frederick3580 pounds, averaged 43.87Thomason, Burris & Wagner1890 pounds, averaged 48.21Thomason, Burris & Wagner5330 pounds, averaged $47,00Jonss & Mason '1340 pounds, averaged 45 .82J. W. Young, Jr.3930 pounds, averaged 46.33Jacoby & Gray7075 pounds, averaged 41 .45Ewalt & Kenton,4590 pounds, averaged 38.90Clay & Neal' 2530 pounds, averaged 44.94The Independent Tobacco Warehouse Go.OicorMzaWi.)PARIS, KfiNTUGKY;iA&sAIJpWf ''in ','J -v -"TUESDAY, MARCH '26, 1918., OTB BOURBON NBWS,.PARIS, KJkw4HKflp MBW JHBS9tH4iMODEKATEAND THE- - jy1- - S-PRtL i tAST -BAYBOffl).GEO; W. I52CWSBAKED POTATOBIG, white, mealy with -buttermelting on it.Um-m-ra! And you likeit because it is baked. Samewith Lucky Strike CigaretteIT'S TOASTEDCooking makes things deli- cious toasting the tobaccohas made the Lucky StrikeCigarette famous.V 11 5k-1 Guaranteed by3L'JmUrvez cfrit h c i pom atc000 8The callfor a third Liberty Loanwithin a year comes as a challengeto the patriotism of the man of smallor of pioderate means, and, on thepart even of conscientious people,there is a tendency to murmur, "Ihave done as much as I can afford todo and now the very rich must hearthe burden of the war." It is obvious that by standing- back for someone else to act no man ever furthered a cause. The sole question forthe individual is whether he can respect himself if he neglects the callof his country. For his own domestic ethics it is irrevelant to inquirewhat his neighbor has done or intends to do. At the present moment, every available dollar whichany man, rich or poor, can save,ought to be lent to the Government.The average man or woman whodraws a salary, ordinarily puts whathe can into a Savings Bank, the greatold-fashioned symbol of thrift. TheLiberty Loan offers an even safer investment, with better interest assured than most savings Banks promise. You will be helping yourself ifout of these last month's salary yoalend the salvage to Uncle Sam. It willbe for your own rainy day."Ah!" says the , doubter, "but interest compounds in a Savings Bank.The sum grows, as I have been oftentold, while you sleep!" Why notwatch it grow! That will be a gayergame. Each time that you cut acoupon from a Liberty Bond, put theamount into a Savings Bond. It willgratify you to watch the growth ofyour account, especially if you havetaken enough bonds to give good returns semi-annually. It will be acomfortable thing to say some day,"The bulk of my money I have inGovernment Bonds, such a safe" investment!" In the years of peace which followed the Civil War, many small investors blessed their stars that theyhad patriotically lent to the Government in need and were reaping therefiom a rich reward in a good steadyincome. And undoubtedly now, byreason of the two former LibertyLoans of our day, many a man andwoman in this land .of ours, whonever before had a cent laid by, hassomething prudently stowed awayagainst the approach of old age.The Third Loan offers the best opportunity in the world to increasethis property. If there had alreadybeen fifteen Liberty Loans, insteadof one, it would still be prudent andsensible to subscribe to the new one.Remember that the small investordoes not often have the chance to acquire coupon-bearing bonds. By subscribing generously, you will showyourself a -loyal servant of the nation, but, none the less, you will bean unprofitable servant and cannotcount this to yourself as righteousness, for you yourself will profit inan eminently practical way by yourpatriotism.f OR FEDERAL RETURNSPenalties for Income DodgersAreSevere Get Your Returnin if You Are Liable.PLAN TO MOBILIZE MOTOR MECHANICS. Just as the country was organizedthrough the medical associations tofurnish at the proper times the physicians for the United States as theare needed, so it is now planned toorganize the country to supply themotor machines as they are needed.The details of the plan still rest inWashington, but enough has beenmade known here to enable the giving of a fairly complete outline.The mdtor mechanics are to be seemed through the automobile dealers and repair men. The NationalDealers' Association is the central organization through which the Federal Government will act. In everyState an accurate census will bemade of all the motor mechanics.ALL COAL DEALERS PUT UNDERLICENSE SYSTEM.i, " FUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, K::All coal jobbers, brokers, sellingand purchasing agents and wholesaledealers ha,ve been put-under licenseby President Wilson on recommendation of Fuel Administrator Garfield,ho issued regulations carefully circumscribing the charges to be madefor their services.While recognizing that legitimatejobbers are "essential to the conductof the coal business," the Fuel Administrator said, affiliated companiesorganized solely for receiving thejobbers' margin, the "swapping ofcoal," and other fictitious trade operations will be dealt with severely.Licenses must be obtained beforeApril 1. The regulations affectingthe sale of coal under jobbers'They will be organized and classified' licenses do not apply to contracts forand when in the immediate or moredistant future the Government needsmore auto repair men, they will becalled upon through the organizations. The central plan is not to cripplea.riy particular industry, but to apportion; the quotas fairly and equitably. When men are' called out it iscalculated that the riiotor repairshops and garages engaged no mento take their places without expressrrmsPTit- of the Government. Thus,the motor repair shops and garagesmay "have to run on limited workingforces.American soldiers are participatingin the war every day, and it is a common item in tbfe day's news.coal before the President's executiveorders taking over control of the industry.What will take place in Russianow; since the Bolsheviki have peacewhat are they going to do with it?A HERO EVERY DAY.For heroism when the engine roomof his ship was filled with live steam,Eiels Anderson, Chief Machinist'.-Mate, United States navy, has beengiven official commendation. Theact occurred when the exhaust linesof the steering engine were carriedaway by the breaking of the tillercausing the engine loom to fill withsteam. Without hesitation Andersonwent down a ladder to the compartment, but was driven back. Again hemade two more attempts. The thirdwas successful, and groping hisway through the cloud of steam, liecut it off. Anderson enlisted in thenavy at Norfork, Va , in April, 1898,giving at his home address 2420South Broad street, Philadelphia, Pa.NEW RULING AS TO THE RETURNOP MAIL."After five (or ten) days return towill no longer tbe obeyed bythe United States postal authoritiesunless the letter is general delivery,for xl new ruling has been made thatthe return of mall, which cannot bdelivered for lack of address or inability to locate individuals addressed,shall be returned promptly to the return card in the left-hand corner ofthe envelope.The routine has formerly been tohold all letters in the general delivery department of the postoffice forten days following the receipt, if thelocal address is incorrect and thenames of the parties addressed cannot be found in the directory.General delivery letters so marked,will, of course, continue to be heldfor the customary ten days, and anygeneral letters without return card ofaddress will be put in the generaldelivery section for ten days pendingadvertising, after which they will beheld for the two weeks required bythe postal laws.The new ruling will clear themails of much congestion. Quantities of advertising and other matter,carelessly addressed, is held in themails for days, according to the rulings which have been in operation j" tributes to the family's support.April 1, 1918, is the final day al-'lowed under the federal income tax.law for the filing of federal incometax returns. Persons who are requir-ed to file returns under "the provisions'of law and who fail to get their re-turns in on time are subject to se-".vere penalties, as follows :For making false or fraudulent re-'turn, not exceeding $2,000 or not ex-;ceeding one year's imprisonment, or'both, in the discretion of the court,'and, in addition, 100 per cent, of thetax evaded.For failing to make return on time,;not less than $20 nor more than $1,-000, and, in addition, 50 per cent. of.the amount of tax due. !If on account of illness or absence!from home you are unable to render'your return within the time prescribedby law you may obtain an extension,of 30 days if a request therefor is filedwith the collector of your district bet!fore the due date of the return. Inthis request you must state the rea-.son why the return cannot be filed,within the time prescribed by law.Collectors of internal revenue arevnot authorized to grant extensions ofmore than 30 days, but the commissioner of internal revenue has authority to grant a reasonable extensionbeyond 30 days in meritorious cases.'If you desire an extension of morethan 30 days your request should beaddressed to the commissioner andshould contain a detailed statementcovering the reasons which make itimpossible for you to file your returnon or before April 1.The internal revenue men are nowcompleting their tour of the country,during which they were in touch withthe people of every city and town. IfyoU failed to get in touch with thedeputy which visited your section it isnot too late to get advice. Consultyour postmaster as to where the nearest deputy is now. Get your blankform, study the directions and the requirements as shown thereon andmake your return without fail if yourIncome was sufficient to come withinthe bounds named itf the law.It is pointed out by CommissionerRoper that it is important that thepeople comply with the federal lawsas fully as they are complying withthe drafts for men and the conseryation of foods and fuel. "The war mustbe paid for," says Commissioner Roper."Congress has as much right to conscript a just portion of income as ithas to conscript our boys. The taxfor 1917 Is designed to reach moderate as well as large incomes, so thatall persons who are in financial position to bear a portion of the heavygovernment expenses can be assessedin proportion to their ability to pay."The man who is barely making aliving or barely supporting a familyis not affected by the 1917 law. Butthe man who is able to bear a shareof the burden has been reached bythe new law, and he should accept hisresponsibility in the same patrioticspirit that our young men have shownin offering themselves for this greatpurpose of the country to make theworld safe for people of all kinds to-live in and to govern themselves."This tax is one which recognizeswomen as on an equal basis with men.The unmarried woman or the marriedwoman with a salary must make taxreturn just the same as any man. Only,the woman supporting her mother orother members of her family may takeout $2,000 exemption.Under the law the head of the family is the one whose earning power con-Now is the Timetol Figure on YourSpring PaintingsAND-heretofore.IS SB ?The Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.West 5 Street2DX 3Satisfaction is (tarWtchwonlWith all the latest' improvements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we are preparedto do Vork inferior tonone, and solicit yourpatronage.BUSY TIMES ON L. & N.These are indeed busy days for theL. & N. people. The yardmen andtrain cre'ws in the local yards areespecially full of "pep" handling thelong freights that pass in and out ofthe yards daily. The train dispatching;.force have all they can do, whileall the other departments are equallybusy.Passing" through the yards on abusiness mission a few days ago THENEWS man was "stalled" severaltimes by long freight trains, whoseright of way he did not care to dispute. In an interval of wating hewas informed by one of the yardswitchmen that he had seen fifteenf i eight trains go in and out of the:years nearly every day. several octhem were so long" and heavy, although mostly "empties" that twoand sometimes three, engines wererequired to get them through theyards. Wednesday evening onedouble-header train of 'empties"nearly half a mile 4n length passedthrough the' yards. These are surelybusy days for tWjJLi. &nn!.!Vkjk -.OVERSUBSCRIBED.Bourbon Laundry,' Paris lUnttioky.Wf9The issue of $500,000, 000 ofj United States Treasury certificates, thesubscription to which closed '.March5, was oversubscribed", jtne' subscription in every district, exdept one, exceeding the quota assigned it.The banks of the country in thepast two Liberty Uoan " campaignsand in purchase of Treasury certificates issued before , the loans responded to the demands of theL, coun;ry with inspiring loyalty and 'libeiality. The faith they showed in tliaGovernment finances andthe patriptic responses they givefcb the callsDt the Treasury are certain 4ndica-.lions that their co-oneration and as-Vristanceywill help. to-Jinsurc thcaue-JicesBof the ThirdLiberty Loan.Similarly a widow with small children to suppori run take out $2,000exemption and $2U0 additional exemption for each of her children undereighteen. Thus it is intended thatthe law shall work no hardship to women having to struggle to get along.NBut each must file return if her income is $1,000.A man whose wife dies and who isleft with small children to supportupon a moderate income may also takefull exemption under the new tax lawand also claim $200 exemption forer.ch of his children under eighteen.The widower under the .law Is asingle man and must make tax return accordingly. Married men neednot file returns unless they are earning $2,000 or mort"This is as much a national obligation as the reporting for duty ota mandrafted for service with the colors,"says D. C. Roper, commissioner ;of? internal revenue. "As it stands, it ismuch a matter of the man or woman's own, conscience. It is for himor for her to determine just how farhe is liable to the tax. He must figurehis own income and if it reaches thefigures named in the law must makefaithful report upon it to the properauthority."This tax is distinctly a war measure and will be in effect during thewar."This is-a" people's tax it, reachesright down into' the pockets of thesmall wage earner; it makes him apartner in the job of winning thewar."Many a man loses his own opportunity by looking out for a chanceto thwart the opportunity of anotherman. -nPeace may be far; it may be near;you never, can tell, and remember,the Russian, revolution was-- a sur-1 prist. ' t - ' .. ;. .j.JiPaperingLet Us Make an Estimate for You Before Placing Your Order, Call' Us Over Home Phone 399.KANE BROS.The Right NumberWhen you go out to make a call in person you alwaysassure yourself of the right address.In making a telephone call it saves a lot of time andbother to be sure of the number. -The absolutely sure way is to first consult the telephone directory not trusting to memory and thenli sten carefully 'when the operator repeats back to youthe number, correcting her if she is wrong.'.Paris Homej. j. vbatgh;-Diitrict luaager.(Incorporated)W. H. CAfflf OH ,kX3&d Kamasei.PARISGAS&ELECTRICCO.(Incorporated)Paris, KentuckyILLUMINATINGFirst 100 K. W. Hrs. Used 12c per K. W.NextlOO " " " lie 4" 100 li. " " ..: 10c "" 100 " " " 9c "" 100 4J " " 8c "ioo " " " ..'. 7c "All in excess of above, 6'cts. per K. W. A-Discount of l-2cf ger K. W. willbe allowed if billis paid oh or before 10th of month. 'Minimumbill $1.00.POWER1st 100 K. W. or fraction 10c per K. W2ndl00 " " " ..' 9c " " ...3rdl00 " "- " ' 8c "4th 100 " " " 7c " " .NextlOO " " " 6c " ,CJAll in excess of above, 5 cts. per K. W. ADiscount of l-2c per K. W. will be allowed if billis paid on or before 10th of month. Minimum bilL$2.00' per month for 1st H. P, af motor installationand 75c per month for each additional H. P.Over 500 K. W.. First '50tf K. W., net 6c per K. W,Next 2,500 " " 4c "" " 10,000 " " 21-2c "Minimum bill $2.00 per month for 1st H. P. of. motor installation and 75cper month for each. additional H. P.&&MbAEE ASKED ,IN ADDBESSHKxMAIL TO.SOLDIERS.The American postal services inFrance has asked the Postoffice Department to urge relatives of American soldiers to exercise care in directing mail to the troops, abroad.Rank and title should he used instead of "Mr." Given names shouldbe written in full. Return addressesshould be given and ink should alway bevused. It is explainedthat'leadpedcil writing often becomesilleg ible iir transit.. ... .WHAT A STAMP A DAT MIASM .The person who buys a TlriftStamp each day for every f of191.8; will spend $91.25, which iijtkequivalent of twenty-two "War farings Stamps, with a maturity valueof $5. The government thus .will paythe "Thrift-Stamp-a-Day" max cwoman $110 in Jaaaary, 1923, amiin addition, from his 118 saria,the piima. so invtstiag will bavafargood measure thirteea Thrift Sta.V - -&i" -S.-T' ri-,'fy " -Jt"fTHE BOURBON NES, PARIS, KYfTUESDAY, MAUCH 21, 118.PAGE EIGHTsAj-...!f-rir,FIVE DAYS MORE:iXVV -HOF A, F.WHEELER S FEBRUARY AND MARCH SALE:tJTTT T tlDODTTOr"' DEATHS.CSSS2 THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMOOif ' , Mrs. America Butler is improv- ing slowly.f Mrs. Ada McClintock is able Lojkbe about the house.Mrs. Arnold Case is quite ill with.i stomach trouble., Cadet Rutherford,-of the M. M.I., hi somewhat improved.Miss Lula Hinton, of Flemingst '"burg, arrived Friday as the guest ofher cousin, Mrs. John Wright.Mrs. Bayles DeBell left for her i Cemetery.-home at Ewing, Friday, after aweek's visit to her daughter, Mrs.R. M. Caldwell.Rev. Rice, of Paris, occupied thepulpit of Rev. A. S. Venable at thePresbyterian church, Sunday morning and evening.Richard Mahar Hubbard, the. I ten-months-old infant of Mr. andvMrs. James Hubbard, of Paris, was.-"interred in the Millersburg Cemetery,Friday afternoon.The remains of Mrs. WilliamHUBBARD.The funeral of Richard Hubbard,nine-months-old son of Mr. and .Mrs.James Hubbard, who died at thehome of his parents, on Nineteenthstreet, at an early hour Thursdaymorning, was held at the home, Friday morning, with services conducted by Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of theParis Christian church. The interment took place in the MillersburgRANKIN.Evelyn Rankin, the little daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Rankin, residing on the Harrod's Creek pike,near Paris, died at the home of herparents at two o'clock Sunday morning, after a" short illness of pneumonia. The funeral was held yesterdayafternoon, at two o'clock, with services conducted at the grave in theParis Cemetery, by Rev. W. E. Ellis,pastor of the Paris Christian church.. Johnson, who died at her home neavParis. Wednesday afternoon, were BRANNON.interred in the Millerxbunr Cemetery. ' Mrs. Ellen Brannon. aged eightyFriday afternoon. j four years, died at St. Joseph's Hos-Mrs. F. E. Peterson returned pital, in Lexington, Sunday niglu,Thursday, accompanied by her sister, I after a lingering illness. She is surMiss Lida Rice, after a week's visit , vived by four nephews, Ed. H. Branto her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Rice, at non and Thos. F. Brannont- of Lex-" Walnut Grove, Fayette county. ington; Barney J. Brannon, of Paris,Mrs. Mattie B. Hawes, of Chi-j and Mike Brannon, oi Oklahoma, and-cago, 111., who lias been at the bed-; one niece, Mrs. R. B. Rippetoe, ofside of her mother, Mrs. America But-1 Lexing'ton.ler, for several weeks, attended the I The body will be taken to Mt. Ster-fuoeral of her mother-in-law, Mr3. ling this (Tuesday) morning, for in-Tuesday, March 26thOliver Morosco PresentsKathleen Williamsand WallaceINuBIG TIMBER"From the story by Bertrand Sinclair.A Paramount Picture.Also 14th Episode of'Vengeance and the Woman'Wednesday, March 27thJesse L, Lasky PresentsSessue HayakawaIN"The Secret Flirt"By Marion Fairfax. A Paramount picture.Also a Luke Comedy"THE FLIRT"Also Pathe News of CurrentEvents.Thursday, March 28thAT THE GRAND OPERA HOUSE"Nothing But the Truth"AT THE ALAMO LOUIS J. SELZNICKPRESENTSConstance TalmadgeIN"Scandal"Also the Third Episode of"The Retreat of the Germansat the Battle of Arras"PricesAt the Alamo Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 13c war tax 2c.At the Paris Grand -Children 5c-war tax lc; Adult 13c war tax 2c.Colored persons, Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 10c-war tax lc.seventy-seven, widow of Martin.Frederickson, died at the home of herdaughter, Mrs. P. A. McGovern, inLexington, Friday. She was an auntof Judge Denis Dundon, of ParisandMrs. Jere P. Sullivan, of Lexington.She is survived by two sons, one ofwhom, D. M. Frederickson, is a res-Hawes. at Covington, returning Sat- terment, following services to be -heldi ident, of this county.viirday, accompanied by iier son, Mr. in the chapel of St. Joseph s Hospital.FREDERICKSON.Mrs. Ellen D. Frederickson, agedJlIqk Hawes.The many friends of Mr. George'Morton Jones, who is a member of theMarine Hospital Corps, at Isorfolk,Vo. , will be glad to lear that he ful with the exception of encounter" has returned safely with his vessel ing eight storms, on the round trip,after a second voyage to France. He No U-boats were seen. His ship willwrites that the voyage was unevent- sail again in. the near future.MMHItitl f 4 liHf if f 1 44 1 HI HiHIH 4 ! I ifvZaniiiBlVillllilllifcrt:The J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSn AND EMBALMERSParis Kv.Mainand SixthStreetsDay phone 36INisht : . . 56or Home 286Motor equipment.""Ambulance calls promptly attended to with our ?Limousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.ii.W. '.aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaalFuneral took place Sunday at St.Peter's Catholic church, in Lexington. The body was brought to Parisand interred on the family lot in theParis Catholic Cemetery, at 3:45o'clock Sunday afternoon.The pall-bearers were: J. P. Sulilvan, E. H. McGovern, Frank Minor,Fred Esenbrock and R. J. McGuirk.MITCHELL.The funeral of Mrs. ElizabethMitchell, aged seventy-five, who diedFriday evening at her home on Walker avenue, of infirmities of age, washeld Sunday afternoon at 3 : 30 o'clockwith services conducted at the gravein the Paris Cemetery by Rev. A. S.Venable, of Lexington. The pallbearers were Lawrence VanHook,Thomas McDonald, M. F. Kenney,Dan Isgrigg, Newton Mitchell arid'fCharles Kendall.Mrs. Mitchell was one of the pioneer settlers of the Jackstown region,i I where she resided most of her life.She is survived by one daughter, MissMary Mitchell; one son, Mr. Albert,Mitchell, and two sisters, Mrs. Nath-an Goodman, of Paris, and Mrs. RobrWhitaker, of Cynthiana.Missions of the Clintonville Christianchurch observed their annual C. W.B. M. Day Sunday, with an interesting program. Rev. F. M. Tinder,pastor of the North MiddletownChristian church, preached the sermon at two p. m.Rev. J. W. Gardner,- pastor ofthe Millersburg Methodist church,filled the pulpit at the Paris Methodist church Sunday, in the absence ofthe pastor,. Rev. Go. R. Combs.Rev. Combs is in San Antonio .Texas,assisting Rev. Henry H. Ratliff in arevival at the Prospect Hill Methodistchurch.The evangelistic meeting whichhas been in progress at the MasonicTemple, conducted by Rev. E. O.Hobbs, of the Holiness faith, continues to attract large audiences. Themeeting will continue until to-night,when it will come to a close. Rev.Hobbs will leave for his' home inIllinois.Service flags attesting remembrance of members of their congregations, who are either in the armycamps in this county; or in activeservice "over there" have been placedin position in the Christian churchesof Paris and North Middletow.n. Appropriate ceremonies accompaniedMMMM!the unfurling of the flags.Rev. A. S. Venable, of Sayre College, Lexington, occupied the pulpitat the Presbyterian church, Sundaymorning and evening, in the absenceof the pastor, Rev. J. J. Rice. Rev.Rice went to Millersbaur, Sunday,where he presided as moderator at acongragational meeting of the Millersburg Presbyterian church.The Seventh annual conferenceof the Woman's Christian MissionarySociety of the Methodist church, willconvene in the First Methodistchurch in Lexington, to-day (Tuesday) for a tour-days' session. It 13expected the meeting will be attended by at least two hundred delegatesand officers, as well as many notedspeakers from all over the State. MissLaura Lilleston, of Paris, is SecondVice-President of the Society, andMrs. Oakford Hinton, of Paris, is Superintendent of the Social Service.At the opening session to-day MissLilleston will make a report of theChildren's Work, in which she isleader. On Wednesday, Mrs. Hintonwill read a report of her work asSuperintendent of the Social ServiceChildren's night exercises will beheld at the night session on Thursday, and will be in charge of MissLilleston.' MATRIMONIAL.Mr. and Mrs. Horace M. Collinsannounce the engagement of theirdaughter, Corinne Elizabeth, toMr. Brinch Meinertz, of Copenhagen,Denmark. The wedding will be aquiet event early in April.McCORD GUTHRIE.The marriage of Miss Ethel McCord, of Nicholas county, to Mr.Ollie Guthrit, of this county, wascelebrated recently in Carlisle. Thebride is a daughter of Mr. MasonMcCord, of Nicholasville. The grooiais a young farmer of this county.They will reside at the home of thegroom near Little Rock.-K m toBIRTHS.To the wife of Mr. William Meteer, near Hutchison, formerly MissElizabeth Deming, of Lexington, adaughter.At Cincinnati, to the wife of Mr.C. C. Hadden, of near Paris, a daughter. Mrs. Hadden was formerly MissDannie Evans, of North Middletown.COCKRELL.The funeral of Mrs. Hester PennCockrell, aged twenty-two, who diedat her home near Richmond, Friday,after a protracted illness, was heldSunday morning at ten o'clock, at theChristian church, at Waco, Madisoncounty. The body was brought toParis, Sunday afternoon, and interred on the family lot in the ParisCemetery.Mrs. Cockrell was a daughter ofMr. and Mrs. Robert L. Penn, ofBourbon county. She was marriedin February, 1918, to Mr. John M.Cockrell, of Madison county.Besides her parents, she is survived by an infant daughter, and onebrother, Mr. Stanley Penn. She was;,a granddaughter of Mr. and Mrs. LeeWA&&p 1Penn, of the Hutchison vicinity.411 1 1 1 1 I M Ml 4Nl..l.4.4'14i"I"I'-4i4'4-I-2"l"l"l''H"H"I"l"l"ii4'lH' 1 1 1WALL PAPERPaints - Window GlassBrushes1 House and Sign PaintingPaper HangingInterior DecoratingWORK DONE BY EXPERTSGIVE US A CALLA. DAUGHERTYFifth and Main StreetsGRIMES.I Following a short illness, Dr.1 George W. Grimes, aged fifty-seven,! for many years a leading physician' and business man of Carlisle, wherehe resided until very recently, diedat his home, in Lexington, Saturdaynight, at 7:30 o'clock. Dr. and Mrs.Grimes moved from Carlisle to Lexington several months ago, with the! view of .making their home there.He is survived by his wife, Mrs.: Willie Soper Grimes, and other rela' tives in Nicholas and Bourbon counties. ! Dr. Grimes was a native of Bourbon county, and after receiving hismedical diploma, practiced for a num-ber of years at Little Rock, in thiscounty. Later he removed to Cailisle, where he embarked in the drugbusiness, and enlarged Ws practice.He was for many years a prominentfigure in the business life of Carlisle,as well as in medical and social circless. He was a brother of the lateMr. John W. Grimes, who died inthis fity a few years ago.After short funeral services at thehome in Lexington, the body wasbrought to Paris, where short services were held at the grave, in theParis Cemetery, at three o'clock. Thepall-bearers were John Johnson,' Dr.Hugh Johnson, James H. Minogue,James Cummins, Milton West and M.C. Clay.IRAK HARK RIG ULSWTffnfl,if..-RELIGIOUS.?The Peoples' Aid Society of thePresbyterian church will hold an allday meeting to-day in the Red Crossrooms in the court house.Archbishop Wenlworth, of "Winchester, conducted services t St.Peter's, Episcopal church, in thiscity, Stmiay morning. 'Th Christian Woman't Board ofFOR.MEN, WOMENand CHILDRENm&hAll the Latest in Ladies' BeautifulSpring Boots and Oxfords, in pearland Easter grey, black, tan, rich brownand other leading shades.STYLE,QUALITYComfort and WearGuarantee with each pair at pricesyou can't possibly duplicat elsewheres(fl.'CohenParis' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Ectntmy Rcifn.tKLHSfworr,