ggTHEr s -1;h-T5., -I -5PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUMEXXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, MARCH 8, 1918FOT THE SERVICE OP THEIRCOUNTRY.According to letters received herefrom the Bourbon county boys whoare in training at Camp ZacharyTaylor, in Louisville, as members ofthe Dr. Barrow Base Hospital UnitNo. 40, they are all in good spiritsand enjoying the life in camp. TheUnit was given complete equipmentas soon as they arrived at the camp,and have taken up their work witha vim. They promise to acquit themselves so well as to equal those whohave had the advantage of previoustraining. The Unit is quartered-mthe barracks of the 159th Brigade,until their quarters, near the BaseHospital Division have been completed. News from "Washington yesterdaywas to the effect that thirty thousand young Americans between theages of seventeen and twenty, whoare now preparing themselves to bereserve officers in the course of theirschool studies, may be called in Junefor a mo-nth of training with regulars, national guardsmen and the national army troops. This will takeseveral boys from Paris and Bourbon'county, who are ""now in thosebranches.Mess Sergeant James P. Logan, ofLexington, aged thirty-seven, died ofpneumonia at Camp Bowie, near Ft.Worth, Texas, Monday, after an illness of only one week. Sergt. Logan was a son of Mr. John A. Logan,who has been stationed in Paris forseveral years as storekeeper-guageiat the Paris Distilling Co.'s plant.The body was buried with militaryhonors at Ft. Worth, Texas.REAL ESTATE DEALS AND LANDSALES.Mrs. George W. Faulkner, of Paris,sold through the real estate agencyof Ratliff & Motch, of Winchester,her five-room cottage in that city, toMr. Allen P. Jackson, of Winchester,for ?1,000, for immediate possession.The Bobbitt cottage, located onSouth High street, between Fifteenthand Sixteenth streets, has been purchased by Mr. A. G. DeJarnett, whorecently sold his farm near Paris.Mr. DeJarnett, having formed apartnership with Mr. Winston Hart,in the conduct of the Taylor Garage,on Main street, will move to the cottage this week to reside.Mrs. Ida Myers sold to Mr. ElmerB. Myers, the G. W. Myers residenceand vacant lot adjoining, on Mt.Airy avenue, at a private price. Mr.Myers and family will move to theproperty to reside.Messrs. Geo. W. Wilder and Ed.H. Gorey sold to Mr. Harold Robertstwo acres of land in Wildwood Di-vision near Paris, for"$l;500. Mr.Roberts will cultivate the tract intobacco.Harris & Speakes sold to Mr. A. L."Boatright, of Walker avenue, a vacant lot in the College Hill Additionto Paris, at a private price.Mr. Oscar Hedges, formerly otNorth Middletown, sold to Chas.Adair, a tract of one hundred acres,on the old Frankfort pike, near Lexington, for $ 2 8,000, for immediatepossession.Mr. James H. Haggard transferredthe Haggard farm of 174 acres, nearCenterville, to Mr. Wm. H. Whaley,Jr., of Paris, for about $21,000.The place contains an eight-roombrick residence. Mr. Whaley soldthe Robert Hughes farm, which hepurchased recently from Mr. J. MAlverson, of Georgetown, to Mr.Smith, of nekr Carlisle, for a privateprice, for immediate possession.Mr. J. M. Alverson has sold 130ucres from the back part of the Millet farm, recently purchased fromMr. W. H. Whaley, to Mr. JamesRalls, of this county, for a price notgbpn out for publication.The cottage of Mrs. Laura Lair,advertised to be sold at public saleWednesday afternoon, was bid to$1,750, and withdrawn.Mr. Dabney Renaker sold to R. D.Worthington the Renaker farm, located on Silas Creek, near Jacksonville, in this county, for $15,000.The farm contains about one hundredacres of land, with improvements.Mr. Renaker will jnove to Georgetown to reside.Mr. Charles N. Peddicord purchased yesterday of Messrs. George W.Wilder and Ed. H. Gorey, lots Nos. 1and 2, in the Wildwood Addition toParis, adjoining the Lenihan property he recently purchased. Mr.Peddicord paid ?1,200 for the lots.MOVING MOVERS BUSY.Out in this county since the opening of the month there has been analmost unprecedented number offarm sales, removals and changes oflocations. To such an extent is thistrue that the rural route carriersare having considerable trouble indelivering mail, so many of thosewhom they served having left theirformer neighborhoods or moved toother counties.Shelby, Nelson and Spencercounties- seem to have the greatestattraction for those who ! Jfout their Bourbon county holdings& As result .land is at the top notchS kre, while thoae who have movedchdm ther can get more acreage intier counties for the same moneytkey would have to pay in Bourbont jcouaty.EE DAMAGES HOTEL AT WESTBADEN.Fire gutted the fourth floor of theSutton Hotel, at West Baden, Indiana, Tuesday night, causing a loss of20,000, fully covered by insurance.The hotel, an establishment of 100rooms had been closed for ten monthsi4 would have, been reopened thisDErGNxoGOpfo&roAMKQm a- e5fleav?r t0 secure an equit-aDie aajustment of taxes on farminglanas and other urban property,tnreatened with a heavy raise by thetax assessment for 1918, a large del-egation of Bourbon county farmers'and business men went to Frankfort,1liiesday, and appeared before thebtate Board of Valuation, to protestagainst the threatened increase.Advices had been received herefrom Frankfort by County Judge Geo.iiatterton to the effect that the raisewas in contemplation. A meeting oftne farmers was called Monday, atxuiicn Judge Batterton made knowntne information he had received. He Istated that a raise of approximatelythirty-eight per cent, had been indicated. Mr. Arthur B. Hancock presided at the .meeting, and JudgeBatterton as secretary. A resolutionwas adopted favoring sending thedelegation to Frankfort to show theState authorities that Bourbon county land was the highest taxedsoil in the State. The State Boaivlof Valuation, according to the information received by Judge Batterton"proposed to raise the valuation oflands in this county $4,350,000,town lots $400000, and tangiblepersonal property '$200,000.The delegation which appearedbefore the Board was headed byCounty Judge Batterton, and composed of the following:. Former Assessor R. M. Gilkey, Arthur B. Hancock, Frank M. Clay, J. Frank Clay,Samuel Clay, Roger Burris, Henry S.Caywood, Warren Rogers, Jas. H.Thompson, Jos. Leach, Volney Ferguson, Jos. M. Hall, Jas. Caldwell,Ben Woodford, Allie Jones, JohnWoodford, Jas. McClure and JudgeDenis Dundon.CONCISE STATEMENT AS TOCOURT OF APPEALS DECISIONThe following statement in connection with the case of George Clay'sCommittee vs. S. Brooks Clay, sentup from the Bourbon Circuit Court,and decided recently in the Court ofAppeals, is furnished by one of theattorneys in the case."Since our last issue, we have seenthe opinion in the case of GeorgeClay s Committee vs. S. Brooks Clay"This is the second court to decide that George Clay was a man ofunsound mind when he made thedeed to S. Brooks Clay, but the opinion decides that because the pricepaid was not so grossly inadequateas .to 'shock the conscience,' the deedwill be allowed to stand."The opinion shows that GeorgeClay refused to consider $150 anacre from Mr. Thomas Henry Clay,Sr., -and Mr. P. W.' Wallis, and thatlie at once sold it to Mr. S. BrooksClay at something over $100 peracre, on eleven yearly payments."A bargain that makes nearly $50an acre for three hundred acres maynot legally 'shock the conscience,'but it JARS the layman. It seemsalso' that the fifty-acre tract, withthe improvements, go to S. BrooksClay at George Clay's death, at$100 per acre."m i mKITCHEN CABINETS.Join our McDougall Kitchen Club.and get the best kitchen cabinetmade. $1.00 puts one in yourkitchen.THE J. T. HINTON CO.LOUISVILLE & NASHVILLE CO.HONORS VALUED EMPLOYEAfter an honorable business connection of thirty-five years with theLouisville & Nashville, in various capacities, and in more recent yearsSupervisor of Bridges and Buildings)Mr. Harry Stamler, of Paris, hasbeen retired by the company withhonor and praise, and an appropriate remuneration.Mr. Stamler is succeeded as Supervisor by Mr. S. B. McClanahan, ofParis,, who has been his chief assistant for about twenty years. Mr.McClanahan has been promoted several times, coming up from theranks. The change was madeknown in an official order by Superintendent J. A. Morrison, datedMarch 1.Another addition to the personnelof the L. & N.'s forces at Paris wasmade recently when Mr. R. D. Smith,of Louisville, became Assistant Master of Trains on this division in theoffice of Master of Trains Jos. J.Grosche. Mr. and Mrs. Smith havegone to housekeeping in apartmentsat 1503 Main street.fe fe sA PROLIFIC EWE.Kentucky is a State of wonderfuldoings, and Bourbon county generally manages to contribute its share.One of the latest bids for fame inthe county is the possession by Mr.Jesse Leach, of the Jacksonville vicinity of a ewe which has addedeight lambs to the county's food supply stock in twelve months.Three lambs were born early inMarch, 1917, and later in the summer of the same -year two lambsmade their appearance in the ewe'household. Three "more were bornthis month, making a total of eightlambs in about one year.FARMER WHO LET WHEAT SPOILTO BE PROSECUTED.Louis Fellwock, wealthy farmerof Beatrice, Neb., recently broughtbefore the Nebraska State Council ofDefense to explain why he is said tohave allowed several thousand bushels of wheat go to ruin on one of his"farms, will be prosecuted, United JStates District Attorney T. S. Ailen'- PAEIS W7cnffiWhile en route to St. Joseph Ho - Announcement of the date of thpital, in Lexington, Wednesday a- next draft is imminent. The Provostternoon in an automobile, accompa- Marshal General's office has preparednied by Mr. and Mrs. George Mc- "an 'important announcement"Williams, Mr. and Mrs. John McCar- which is 'believed to deal with thethy and Mr. George Toohey, Miss time and method of summoning theMary McCarthy, of Paris, was slight- second levy. The best opinion is thatly-injured when a party of joy rid the first of the men will move toers ran into their machine near thecamp in April:Elmendorf Dairy. i Publication of the announcement isMr. Toohey was driving the ma- held up for action by Congress onchine for the Paris party, taking Miss pending amendments to the selectiveMcCarthy, who has been quite ill for service 'act. The most important ofsome time, to St." Joseph Hospital, the proposed changes, in the opinionAs they neared the Elmendorf Dairy of Provost Marshal General Crowdera machine, in which four young men, is that which will give him authorityall intoxicated, were ridintr dn?hed to base" State mint th tnt,iup behind them, and, in endavoring number of men in class Al insteadto pass them, crashed into the Pariu of the total registered,auto. The machine was thrown.' Preparations have been made foragains a telephone pole by the force, summoning the remaining negroes,of tfie collission. All the occupants es- certified under the first draft. Becaped injury except Miss McCarthy, tween 70,000 and 80,000 of thesewho was thrown against the side were called, but only half of themof the car, sustaining bruises and. have been sent to the trainingslight cuts. The machine was con-' camps. The inadvisability of centralsiderably damaged, and after being izing these troops in Southern camps,righted, the party proceeded tc Lex-, and the fact that the army medicalington on the interurban car. The authorities do not believe it safe toidentity of the joy riders was notlearned. They were going so faotthat the Paris party could not get!.. ....u- xt- i' . ..-, mu uumuei ui me uictcnine. Alterjcaviug lviiss iviuv;ari.ny at me nospital the Paris party returned home.Their machine was brought back toParis yesterday for repairs.fe 1WISCONSIN LEGISLATURE SCORESLAFOLLETTE SEVERELY.The resolution condemning Senator Lafollette for his war attitude, Hawaiian star company that has everpassed in the State Senate a week been presented to the American pubago, was ratified in the Lower House lie. The company includes suchof the Wisconsin Legislature, Wed- noted artists as R.M. Bell, one of thenesday, 53 to 32, after an all-night Hawaiian entertainers in the Royalsession. Falace, Honolulu, for the late Queen;The measure condemns Lafollette Mr. George Cacini, the world's fa"and all others who failed to see the mous Hawaiian tenor; Princess Leirighteousness of the nation's cause, ' Lehula, noted Hawaiian Hula-Hulawho have failed to support the gov- dancer. These artists will be supernment in matters vital to the win- ported by a large company otning of the war, and we denounce artists, representing the pick ofany attitude or utterance of theirs Hawaiia's most noted instrumentalwhich has tended to incite sedition "ists, singers and dancers. From theamong the people and injure Wis- many inquiries coming into the boxcunsin s iair name oerore tne peopleof the world."3 Ea feDON'T BE ALARMED.No reason for dread of high pricesin spring suits. Plenty of desirable.slv1f5 onrt nnttornc ot tO( oti? 9K IJ. W. DAVIS & CO.m m mBRAKEMAN INJURED.While helping to load' iiMsiiiai8till il field, 'they witnessed thebox car at Austerlitz, Leslie Hugfi&sf-dfilling in of the Bourbon Oil & Deof Paris, Li. & N. brakeman, was se-riously injured when the instrumentturned over on him. In its fall thepiano struck Hughes on the back,lacerating the flesh and muscles. Hewas brought to his home in Pari3and given medical attention. irWE KNOW MOWIG00D tailoringI;;! Will Outlive Good Ordinary Clothes jji - IPSHhSms ust now s patrotc !o PStB9Hlln9S economy to order lonpr-wear- j'Iff ff BWmfi ""Ml n? clothes to pay a fair jiiSHi!lflsIlR price anc set tailoring that ,!' mIIII 'BISi! m Bit wiU hold its sightliness and j" 'ilJlpM FJfefifl! Wtn eep you satsfied or a j!it II'IImI iBJHJil flHBl longer period.it llHESHfilO Few men ever retain j!HmHnHSfj cheaply tailored clothes j!! j--EBB till they wear out !j2mm TCMfc KE2rTwmmmmiL!immConvrftfht. 1917rfcitti,taxc' "WIf you purchase a suit from us, whether you have itmade to your measure or select it from our immense ready-,to-wear assortment, you will be satisfied with the "price,style and wear. NSuits Made to Measure From .$25 to $50Ready-to-Wear Suits From, "$15 toI MITCHELL &Stetson Hats' , Manhattan,iKKbStransfer them to colder Northerncamps during the winter, are givenas the -DTincinal reasons for the delav. w -BELL'S FAMOUS HAWAHANSAn unusual programme will bepresented at the Paris Grand OperaHouse next Thursday, March 14, byBell's Famous Hawaiians, when theywill present their Hawaiian-American musical masterpieceThey represent the largest, alloffice this organization wm, nodoubt, prove to be the big drawingcard of the season.BOUKBON MEN SEE BIG WELLDRILLED IN.Mr. Mitchell Jackson and Mr.John M. Stuart, of Paris, were visitors in Estill county last week onoil business. While on the J. G.Rogers lease, near Cob Hill, in theveloDment Co.'s No. 1 well on thatlease. The well was drilled to adepth of 796 feet, and is variouslyestimated at twenty to forty barrelsa day production. The stock in thiscompany is mostly held by localpeople.The shape goes wrongand the entire hang becomes floppy, then1 you'become disgusted with yourH..!. u W JM AAM4 4BUlt ailU UiaCcUU ll iUlanother.$35BLAKEMOREShirts 'Nehleton Shoes,." I0&ISORDS ARE SHATTEREDCol. J. A. Squires At IndependentWarehouse. Sells 100,365 Lbs.s at $43.84 Average.All records were smashed Tuesdaywhen the Independent Tobacco Warehouse Company sold a total of 100,365 pounds of tobacco for a moneyvalue of $43,904.5-5, or an average of?43.84.Not only was the warehouse average for the day shot full of holes, butthe best crop average of any warehouse or market in the State wentdown before the quality of tobacco onsale as well as scoprfg the highestbasket price of any warehouse ormarket in the State or any State.The crop of 2,550 pounds of Thomason, Burris & Hinkston sold for anaverage of $58.40, the baskets selling as follows: 115 pounds for$52.50; 220 pounds for $55.50; 175pounds for $60; 210 pounds for $54.50; 200 pounds for $54.50; 210pounds for $60; 175 pounds for $58,125 pounds for $60; 290 pounds for$58.50; 205 pounds for $6(F; 170pounds for $50.50; 80 .pounds for $47and 115 pounds for $54.50.When the news spread -that bigprices were being obtained it attracted scores of tobacco men and farmers as well as many woriien.The sale started shortly after 10o'clock a. m. with Auctioneer J. A.Squires at the lever. Col. Squirestold the buyers they faced what wasperhaps the finest floor of tobaccori occil UCUCttlU LUC lUUi. Ul A WiUB-house. The long rows of basketslooked like so much golden grain inits ripening stage. The leaf wa?silky in texture, just right in condition and was of a color the prettiestever seen lined up for inspection.While some few baskets of the offgrades sold as low as $12 to $16, thegreat bulk of the offering went above$40, then $50, then $60 and as highas $78.The manufacturers the big foursecured practically the entire offering, leaving the pin-hooker far in therear. The sale was the best evermade on the Paris market and resulted in the highest floor averageof any warehouse, or market in thisor any other State. (Adv.)THE TOBACCO MARKETThe Independent Tobacco Warehouse Company sold at -their saleyesterday a total of 64,305 poundsfor an average of '$30.94. Some ofthe crop averages follow:T. H. Gaitskill & Son, 2,575pounds; average $39.47,.A. S. Thomas, 2,765 pounds; average $27.7. ,S. F. Reynolds, 2,815 pounds; average $31.53. ..Steele & Jchnson, 4,765 pounds;average $32.94.Bedford & May, 6,195 pounds; average $43.38.Lail & Estes, 2,125 pounds; xaverage $27.46.At the Fayette House No. 1 in Lexington, Tuesday, Taylor & Hutton, ofnear Paris, sold, a crop of 2,850pounds of tobacco for an average of$37.62; Nelson & Howard, of Bourbon county, sold at the same houseTuesday a crop of 6,505 pounds, foran average of ? 3 7.71.At the Fayette Tobacco WarehouseNo. 1, in Lexington, Wednesday,Hinton & Wilson, of Bourbon county,sold a crop of 4,410 pounds of tobacco for an average of $39.47.SOUTHERN BREEDERS' ASSOCIATION ELECTS NEW OFFICERSThe following directors of the Kentucky Shorthorn Breeders' Association were elected Tuesday afternoonat a meeting of the members, whichwas held in the Phoenix Hotel: J.A. Gay, Pisgah; B. A. Thomas, Shelby ville; J. K. Northcott, Cynthlana;Abram Renick, Winchester; O. M.Johnson, Millersburg, and A. M. Jewell, of Lexington, to serve one year,and C. H. Bowyer, Lexington; I. H.Thurman, Springfield; R. T. Judy,Sharpsburg; O. F. Troutman, Versailles; C. B. Gager, Paris, and J. P.Gager, Paris, to serve two years. Oflrcers of the association will be "elected by the directors.The meeting was the first anniversary of the founding of the association. At the beginning of the Kentucky Shorthorn Breeders' Association one year ago there were seventeen members. At present the mem-iarc1iin ie Tiinofv Tnllrs hv varinii.cmembers were made at the meetingipvpbnt t.n the future of the associa-tion.JUVENILE RED CROSS SOCIETYv SALVAGE JUNK.Out in California where everybodyand everything is progressive, theJunior Red Cross has made & largoamount of money by salvaging whatia generally thrown upon dumps.Tin. cans, pasteboard, paper, rags,bott'les, rubber, tinfoil, practicallyeverything in- the trash heap, Baacontributed to the treasury of the organization. Hundreds of "dollarsmonth have been raised Taj salvaging what had been considered irredeemable waste.There is no country in which as inAmerica merchantable articles arethrown way regularly. Hardly anyone bothers to save "trash' which, isgiven off by every household as wellas most business houses in wastebaskets every day. It is high timethat the value of junk be realized,and that junk be utilized -and theJunior Red Cross will help not onlythe war, but also the country by. attracting attention io the possibilitiesDOINGS OFSaSffiigLTURE.Representative Claude M.-Thoiiaintended to stop smoking- in tuSdining rooms patronized by wS2fIt imposes a fine on the Thofr??; -restaurantkeeper who pemite SoEjng in such dining rooms, butotains nothing to prevent those Ssmoke while they eat or whilotherseat from flocking by themsefve .The House passed the bill of Rem--sentativeClaude Thomas to woWbSvagrancy and permit the (JurUo"suspend sentence on conditio tha?prisoners work for a certain periodThe vote was unanimous. 4'erioaRepresentative Caudel's bill to W,crease pensions of Confederate soidiers to $12 was passed, 79 to i! Thlbill was amended raising the sum to$15 a month and allowing a, widow"pSoroaridnC,nfedera SS2'-'1 ? t0 draw a Pension.By the- vote of 66 to 0 the Housapassed the bill of BepresSntatt?!JESS?-0 ?r(?ibit the Pessiondorfurnishing, to buyers of 'false weights-Lfie bill of Representative Klairto provide for the jury fixing tbipunishment of death or life imprison"ment and. the Court fixing the punishment la other , cases, passed 53Governor Stanley signed the Tay-lor-Dycusanti-shipping bill, the billof Representative Tom Spurrier, toprovide for a tax suner-visor fnr ilmagisterial district, and the bill- ntRepresentative Arch L. Hamilton,, toJevy a tax of 40 cents on the ?100'for State purposes, 15 cents for general expenditure fund, 18 cents forschools, 1 cent for sinking fundcent each for the Eastern and Western Normal Schools and 3 cents forthe State road fund.On motion of Representative Sartm the bill to change the time ofnling a statement of campaign expenses under the corrupt practicesact, permitting the candidate to filohis statement on or before the fifteenth day before the election, waspassed, 75 to 0. It was amended to ,limit the time to four days beforethe fifteenth day before the election.The bill of Senator Richardson- toprovide for advertising ordinances forfifth class cities passed, 72 to 0Representative Meyers stated that hehad made an active canvass againstthe bill, but that he. had discovered ,he had made a mistake and he wishedto rectify it by voting for the bill.On motion of Representative Cookthe bill to permit the submission otthe question of a road poll tax oL.$l "at the same time as the twenty-cintlevy for roads was passed, 67 to 1.The bill of Representative Chppell, to give magistrates, -cetmtyjudges and police judges jurisdictionto try the first offense of carryingconcealed a deadly weapon, passed,COLLEGE OF AGRICULTURE ISSUES MARKET NEWS BULLETDTOne of the most serious problemsnow confronting the farmers of thissection is the matter of obtaining anadequate supply of seed corn for replanting for the fall crop of corn.The College of AerrimilhirA nf tfcaState University at Lexington ismaking a special effort to help thefarmers in this respect. THE NEWSreceived yesterday the following letter from Mr. John R. Humphreys,head of the Department of Markete 'of the University, with the requestthat it be given publicity:"LEXINGTON, March 7, 1918."Dear Sir:"The College of Agriculture is endeavoring to help the farmers in'anequitable distribution of availableseed corn. Marked information blanksa copy of which is herewith enclosed, are being mailed to ,all thecounty agents throughout the State,and to banks and newspapers in thehope that they will be placed in thehands of farmers who either haveseed for sale or are in need of seed."Market News Bulletins will beissued by the College of Agriculturethrough the Department of Marketsand these bulletins will contain valuable information regarding all agricultural products raised in Kentucky.For the present" the bulletins will bedevoted largely to information regarding seed corn, the source of supply and points of demand."We will very greatly appreciateyour co-operation in advising farmers to the effect that the service isbeing furnished and that these bul-Pf J11, be. displayed in the lobbiesUJ - a" U4I1a in ine " you acsire a copy of the bulletin as theyare issued please so advise."Thanking you, I am,"Very Truly yours,'JOHNR. HUAPHRBir;j:"Head of Departae-!?OIL SPRINGS LEASED.-The Oil Springs. Hotel, at - Oil;Springs, in Clark County, patroatecby hundreds of Bourbon coumty .people during the season, has beealeased this year by Mrs. Hattie Huls, -ofMt. Sterling, who last seasom Jia4charge of the Olympian SfrimgaHotel. Misses Mary . and LucileHuls, who are now ia Iflorida wiltreturn shortly before the - oyeainaday, and will assist Mrs. X1through, the season. Mrs. Huls kaicharge of the Springs driarthe season last year, and it .wwone of the most popular shsumt resorts in the State. It ia n fmUation of again conducting it aJoJNT tM. vsame high lines she did before Laetseason the Oil Springs Hotel wm 1m.charge" of Mrs. Riffe Hodgkiij aCWinchester,, daughter of Mr 'Mw"!P- i-of salvage.v- -P AGE TWOFRIDAY, MARCH 1911.C;m BOURBON NEWSMWkhcd 1M1 35 Years of Cttitlnuous Publication.bMched Every Tuesday and Friday.r Year... $2.00 Six Months... $1.00Payable In Advance.WIFT CrIAMP, Editor and Owner.Any erroneous Tefiectlon upon thekaracter, standing or reputation ofamy person, firm or corporation which.May appear in the columns of THEOTJRBON NEWS will be gladly corrected if brought to attention of theftltor.ADVERTISING RATESJHsplay Advertisements, $1.00 perinch, for first time; 50 cents per inchitoh. subsequent-insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineTiaach -issue; reading notices in black" type, 20' cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candl-plates, obituaries and resolutions, andiimilar matter, 10 cents per line.. Special rates for large advertise'meats and yearly contracts.JThe right of publisher is reservedtojdecline any advertisement or othermatter for publication.Announcements for political offices' taust invariably be accompanied byjntae cash.' This paper has enlistedwith the government in thecause of America for theperiod of the war .EDITOEIAL MUSINGS.A Year's Acbivement.t was a happy coincident that oncthe day the newspapers carried astpry from the American Army inFrance stressing the need of air-planes they were able also to print a-dispatch from "Washington bearingthe good news that the first Ameri-, -can-built battle 'planes are en route. xtojFrance, nearly five months ahead-'Of rihe original schedule...Tiie fact that our soldiers on theAmerican sector in France have wondered at their lack of aeroplanes tocpmbat a well-supplied enemy, while-at the saline time planes were" enroute to them months ahead of theiime that is had been hoped to havethem in readiness, is significant of"two things: American troops areAghting in France months ahead ofthe date that they were expected tobe in readiness for action, and aero-plane construction in this countryhas been speeded up beyond the-fondest hopes of government officials.We have been in the war about a.year, but in that time we have raised-and equipped nearly two million-troops, and have transported, trainedand thrown into actual battle line-an army larger than our regular-.arcay totalled a year ago. That armynow is to have the service of Ameri-;canr-built battle 'planes which it had" not been exepcted would be readv? -untiL next summer. It is a pretty- good record of achievement for a.single year, and it can be enor--'"miously expanded in the year to come,v- if the war lasts that long. We have.; just begun'to fight, and our resources?j$ce almost inexhaustible. The pros-vpect is a gloomy one for the enemy.What "Hun" MeansThe word "Hun" nowadays ap-.- pejxrs so often in print, that, for theinformation of those unfamiliar withtba--term, we define it as follows:"Cm" as originally defined meansa, member of an ancient Asiatic race. pt warlike nomands. They aredescribed as ugly and savage, havingdark complexions, small, deep set,.black eyes, broad shoulders, flatnoses and no beard. Their most fa--; moos king, Attila, was called the" '"Scourge of God," and during thetime of his reign he overran certainiparts of Europe and indulged inTbjiitchery, destruction and horrible-1,1-deeds of about the same character as: hce. Emperor of Germany has engag-- in during the past three years.. Just as the Kaiser believes, also. -AttUa proclaimed himeslf the man-child destined to rule over the earth3he whole world.The White Hun of th$- present Isthe German Emperor, so-called be-' auie JEe has violated every decentcustom familiar to civilized and un-'lrttf?ed peoples.. "Vnias" 'iff the case of his protojtyje; Attila, "The Scourge of God,"tTfrJilbe defeated by Christianity,:r0fKicjr And -the" help of God.Jarring Hymns of Hate.The -irovermmenf has officially put-Hft disapproval upon so-caiiea nymns.ijiUttr-hnute Men have been instruct-;f ii'tit tkey are not to stir up hat-jttri,:;wfrich in war times is a producttkilUr1v civilian. The STOod SOld-iarairthe government says, is under'Vf4rs, and frequently the best sold";iFis the man of respect toward hi3- t Tkte. ban does .pjt mean,. however," 2atp.kers must hot dwell uponthe outrages reported" .against $keGerman army, and fear ot men isproper' if that fear- is inaugurated bytruthful presentations of 'known.,facts. For instance, a realization ofwhat the complete Teutonic domination of the world would mean is liable to cause men to fear and maymove those to whom the highestideal of democracy has no bearing.The government emphasizes the factthat it wants abiding truth alonestressed, because abiding truth makesabiding conviction; on "the otherhand, those to whom emotional stories have produced frightful cries forrevenge are unstably minded andmay turn at the words of the nextorator.Plant a Garden and Help.Every householder should have agarden It affords a supply of vegetables for the table whose qualitycannot be touched J)y the stores. Itgives to the family a possessing feeling of creation, and the first frutsof your own garden are the besttasting of the year. Behind it isyour labor and you enjoy the resultsof your effort.This jrar a reason for home gardening exists which should leadevery man to plant all availableground. Every meal supplied fromyour own back yard means morefood for Europe and a greater reservehere. Great Britain depends uponAmerica for 65 per cent, of her essential foodstuffs. Every gardenplanted .means the release of morefood and more which is needed everywhere to beat the U-boats. If-yodare too old to fight and too poor togive your money you can at leastoperate your garden, and in this waydo the best you can.What Conservation Has Done.The food administration's announcement that meatless days Inthe United States have saved 140,000,000 pounds of beef in fourmonths shows what the united voluntary sacrifice of a nation can accomplish. These figures mean that, onthe'average, every individual of thiscountry has curtailed his normal consumption a little over a pound.That is not a remarkable sacrifice,but the aggregate -saving is impressive, and every pound that we havedone without has jmeant a pound forour allies, who were in real need ofit. We could cufout meat from ourmenus much more extensively without suffering in the least; in fact,our general health probably wouldbe the better for it. Instead of aquarter of a pound a month apiece,we ought to make the saving atleast a pound a month for each individual. Have You Ever Thought of This?Secretary Baker has emerged fromthe examination of his administration of the affairs of the war department in a much better lightthan at first seemed possible. But,regardless of the facts elicited by theinvestigation. or the chargeswhich he refuted, or of the fine accomplishments which he outlined,have you ever though of this: Thatthe failure of the investigating committee to discover many irregularitives and even some glaring instancesof favoritism was a distinct and highcompliment to his adminitsration?You're, Eight, Bishop!That the commandment "Thoushall not kill" does not interfere withthe duty of every Christian to do hisshare to win the war, even thoughwinning it should mean the extermination of the German people, wasasserted by Bishop Daniel S. Tuttle,Presiding Bishop of the ProtestantEpiscopal Church in America, at anoonday Lenten sermon at the LyricTheatre, in Cincinnati. "Such a waras this, which' is being fought io?righteousness, for homes, for women,for children and for almost all thedecencies of life, relieves us of anydoubt that there are circumstancesin which it is right for Christianpeople to fight," the Bishop said.' We have hear"d it said that acertain minister in a certain sermon ata certain church in a certain part ofCentral Kentucky not long ago madethe assertion that killing in war timewas piurder the same as at any othertime, and that he did not believe thatthe men -who killed each other, evenif it wasNin the defense of theircountry, could enter the pearly gates.Jvust think of such rot coming fromthe pulpit! And yet we are told we"must respect the cloth." The minister who made that statement oughtto have been tarred and feathered!It this is treason, make the most.of itTThe Newspaper Graveyard.The newspaper graveyard has beenadded ito during the last year withaccelerated frequency. The latestnewspaper annual shows the increased price of paper, ink, materials Andlabor has been too much for the publisher who had no faith in his publication. The men who were tif raid toasi more for their papers haveeither sold out to competitors qrjoined that old time procession toward the Sheriff's office. In theUnited States and Canada one thousand -and two hundred publicationssuspended during the last year. Ofthis number, sixty-two were dailie.5J and 56.9 weeklies.Neither the New York newspaper.?nor those o? any other communityhave, increased their subscriptionprices in a way to make the buyingof newspapers by subscribers a burden. But the small difference of alfew cents, when multiplied bya"THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY,? ; I, : ;Food :ft$ lltiipUi Ma I,. 1918; Spurges o Wst Are Skown.LOUISVILliE, KY., March 1, 1918. -Preparedby W. H. Kaye, Federal Food Administrator", Fifth Congressional District of Kentucky.)SUAR., Retailer ConsumerPays Should PayPer 100 Lbs. Per Lb.Beet, granulated, in bulk .. :, .. ?7 85 to $ 7 90 8 to 9.Southern cane, granulated, in bulk... 790 to 791 8 to 9Eastern cane; granulated ......-. 7 90 to 7 91 8 to 9POTATOESP"er 100 Lbs. Peck ,(15 Lbs)Kentucky, first grade r. ... $2 25 to $2 60 '45 to 55.Kentucky, second grade '. 2 00 45 to 55'Northern 2 35 to 2 50 45 to 50,Western 2 50 io 275 50 to 55FLOUR. . -- 24-Lb. Paper BagsFirst grade $ 1 40 to $151 $1 60 to $1 65Broken packages, 6 lbs. or less . . .. 7 to- 73LARD.S Per 10G Lbs. Per Lb.Pure leaf, bulk .-; $28 25 30 to -33No. 3 cans . . . : . : . . . . 84 to 88 95 to 1 00No. 5 cans t . . . . 1 28 to 1 46 2-3 1 65 to 1 75No 10 cans .-.": 2 75 to 2 93 1-3 3 19 to 3 40Standard pure, bulk- ' 27 75 to 28 .62 3,4 30 to 33No. 3 cans . . . ." . .' . . ' 78 to 82 90 to 95No. 5 cans v ....'.. 1 21 to 1 40 1 40 to 1 60-No 10 r.cans f. .... 2 50 to 2 70 2 80 to 3 15CORN OILvPer Can Per CanPints '. 57 to 314 35 to 40Quarts 56 to 58 1-6 63 to 70Half gallon . . 1 10 1 15 to7 1 30Gallon .. .. .. .: 1 96 to 2 13 1-3 2 20 to 2 40COTTONSEED SHORTENING' Per Lb. Per Lb.Bulk . . 2314, to 24 26 to 27- CORNMEAL '. " Per 100 X.bs. Per Lb.White $4 75 to ? 5 25 A to 6Pearl, granulated ....... 5 40 to 6 0.0 6, to 7Yellow . . . . 6 00 6 to 7. BEANS.' Per 100 Lbs. Per Lb.Navy, Michigan . . . . . . . $14 25 to 15 00 ' 17 to 18Lima 14 50 to 15 00 17 to 18Tinto . . . . ' 9 50 to 10 50 12 to 14Chilian, red .-.. 10 00 12 to 13v HOMINY.' . Per 100 Lbs. Per Lb.Cracked ? 5 75 to $ 6 00 6 to 7Flake 6 20 to 6 30 7 tor 7RICEPer 100 Lbs. Per Lb. xFancy head ......'.: $8 50 to ? 9 75 10 to 12Blue Rose 8 25 to "8 50 9 to 10BACON (WHOLE PIECES)Per Lb. Per LbBest grade .r. '.'..:. ! 39 to 40 46 to 50Medium gradev 33 to 38 30 to 48Bacon bellies' -. . . . 32 to 34 38 to 43Clear sides 29 to 30 35 to 40California Santa Clara PRUNES.Per Lb. Per Lb.Thirty to 40 ..;. ... 13 to 15 18 to 20Forty to fifty .;.... 12 to 13 16 to 18Fifty to sixty . . . .-r. 11 to 13 15 to 17BREAD.16 Ounces 16 OuncesOne loaf - 14 to 15 16 to 13Two loaves . '. $ '7 to 7 8 to 912 Ounces 12 OuncesOne loaf 5 to 7President Wilson, in his recent proclamation regarding food regulations, wrote as follows:"f therefore, in the National interest, take the liberty to call uponevery American to take fully to heart the suggestions which are beingcirculated by the Food Administrat'on, and of begging that they be followed." Avoid waste, is requested by the Food AdministrationFood is wasted in many ways:-In eating more than we need.In stale bread and bread crusts.In peeling potatoes the loss is 20 per cent. rIn the fats of (meats which we neglect to render. ;In the sour milk and buttermilk that is thrown away.In improper cooking and in eating wrong kinds of food.In leaving food uncovered to b. wasted or spoiled by vermin.In not substituting other foods for beef, wheat, bacon and sugar,-vhich are needed fdV the army.large number representing circulation, in part, at least, overcomes theincreased expenses and the newspapers continue to give real service.Notice to Subscribers.Many of THE NEWS subscribershave sent in renewals the past fewweeks, and many new names havebeen added to our rapidly growinglist, for which we are very thankful. The subscription list of THENEWS has been increasing -for sometime without any effort on "our par,t,except to give the readers a good,clean home newspaper, and we (appreciate the kind assistance'given us.We" trust the subscriptions will continue to come in, especially the renewals, as it is our desire to have apaid-in-advance list, if possible. Forall of this we promise to give youthe very best home newspaper thatis possible, and to support to th-3limit every movement that has thegood of the city and the county as aprime object.-j Rl M Ett "THE LIBERTY LOAN PRIMER.Few of us appreciate how greata part habit plays in our lives. Wefall into a habit unconsciously. Itgrows without our appreciating it.And the first thing we know it hasfastened itself upon us like a leacn.Not until we try to break" it do .wcknow just how much we have become a slave to it.Unfortunately most of our habit?ae not beneficial. Somehow orother it is not human nature to acquire good habits. Somewhere alongthe line most good habits entail personal sacrifice, and the average mortal is not long in denying himselfany of the joys of life.So it is with the habit of saving:Most of us put it off from day to day,from week to month, from month toyear. Few of us ever reach thepoint where we may fee charged wltnbeing slave to it. It is only wherewe obligate ourselves, where it become a matter of duty, that we really buckle down conscientiously andmake good. Even then but few of usever get the right habit.Through the Liberty Bond issuemore of us will eventually obtain deplomas from the school of thriftthan ever before. The savings stampand the savings certificates will also help. And bond issues yet tocome may help keep us in line.Already soAiething like twelve million of us are -saving on Libertyrior.: if the war serves to give us the say; jing habit, and makes America a nation of thrift where formerlyextravagance ran amuck, it will haveserved a purpose not usually classedin the ambitions of armed conflict.KENTUCKY ASSOCIATION WANTSMFTEEN DAYS? MEETING'.The Kentucky Association at Lexington will go before the StateRacing Commission at its next meeting and ask to be allotted fifteendays for running races. In the eventa ;fi,fteen-day meeting is granted thesport probably will start April 25.In the event of a thirteen-day meeting fhe opening day will be Saturday,April' 27, perhaps, as that would' giveLexington racing on three Saturdays.It ishought th.t the opening day, orDerhy" Da'yT at Churchill Downs,. Louisville, will he May 14. ,r 'KENTUCKY QIL , 'EXCHANGEphoenix Hotel, Lexington, Ky.Phone '38.71 l,,.4.4.QIL STOCKS AND LEASESOTOHT AND'SOLftWill buy subjectSo. Oil of Lee County- Southwestern OilComet OilCaddy OilMcCombs OilFederal OilOleum RefiningEureka Coal and MiningMonarch Vacuum Pet OilWe will sell subjectComet .Oil $2.00Hoffman Oil, Ky 2.0J)Kenova Oil . . . .3$Pan American l.OJJjCrown Oil 9Bourbon Oil 6&Republic Oil 7&Cumb. P. R. l.OgBarnett Oil & Gas" I.l4Kentucky-Wyoming 5Monarch V. Pet. . . . r .,. . . 1.75Federal Oil ; 4.01Caddy Oil5.50Y. fr jlM f'H8R' i- u - 'GarrScott, traction iagin&T six-teen-horse'.poer. In gooft; condition.Call on or phone,MRS. JACK WOODS,Home Phone 397, Paris, Ky.FOR RENT.Desirable house, on Main street;has five rooms andvbath; good biggarden.' (5-tf) J: T. HINTON.Position Wanted.Position as manager or overseer offarm. Experienced. Best of reference. Apply at this office. (tf)LOSTBetween Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse and Bourbon Lumber Co., abrown overcoat, with new pairgloves in packet. Reward for return.FRANK WILLIAMS,R'oute 7, Paris, Ky.mar5-tf)f. All persons having claims againstthe estate of Leer Stout, deceased,are requested to present same atonce, properly proven as required bylaw, to the undersigned.All persons indebted to the estateof Leer Stout, deceased, are likewise requested to call on the undersigned at once and settle indebtedness. CANNIE G. STOUT,Executrix Leer Stout Estate.(2G-3wks)FOR SALE!Main Street Business PropertyFor Sale PrivatelyOn account of ill health and desiring to spend my time in thecountry, I have decided to dispose of my town property, knownas the Wetherall .place, on Main Street, between Second and ThirdStreets, and it is offered forsale privately.Any one desiring to look the property oyer may do so at anytime. For further information, "price, etc., call on the undersigned. (mar5-2t CHAS. N. PEDDICORDWANTED !awBHaiaiMiMiMiHEvery Automobile OwnerIn Bourbon CojintyTo liave the Advantage of Our-JII av alJ l 1. 1 I Vr I -,! S IBring your old tires to us andhave your work done by an expertwho has had years of experiencebuilding tires. Come and see foryourself. .We Do Re-Treading andVulcanizing of AM Kinds! C. S. BAIL GARAGE I!In - -PVv ,Forih and fle.asaii S& . !-S- - - : " - - v - . ' . v... '--.jt --v- ---.. -- -.. -X - . - . '- ;.-.lFrctk Coir FarI have ar good-Jeray .fltow forsale, now freelr and another onewill be .fresh soon. "'-(15-4t-F)A. S. THOMPSON.-OF-Cline Property at NorthMiddletown. NOn Saturday, March 9at 2:30 P. M.I will selH:o the highest and'bestDiaaer,THE PROPERTY OF THJCimEHEIRS,in Nortn Middletown, Ky. Tjiteproperty is one of the most desirablesites in the city of North Middletown,.situated on Main street, in the hearuof the town, is one of he most valuable propertied in the city for eitherresidential or business purposes.There is on the lot a large and commodious" dwelling house, also an excellent site for a building lot, together with as good a garden as canhft fniiTid anvwhprfl. Therp Is a1?n.Pan excellent cistern on the property.Any one who desires a home, aninvestment, or a business propositionin this part of the county, should investigate this proposition.TERMS OF SALE One-half cash,one half in one year, secured by goodnote and lien on the property, withthe privilege to the purchaser topay cash if desired.Remember the date of sale Marcn9, 1918, 2:30 p. m.DAVID D. CLINE,Ageht for Cline Heirs.M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer.(mar-1-5-8)Public Sale&"-..V -$c:.. v s3r.- V. - :-iqir-.'-TfcsC;n:-lfU fte ,-. &J&Zrr--v -v--: tr- . -- : -"H.t-vFRIDAY, MARCH 81S18.THK BOURBON IfEWS, PAWS, KlV1Cf5rrl.,-rtV -x "??I1,716,000,000Pounds of Flour Savedif each of our 22,000000 families use this recipeinstead of whife bread;One loaf saves 11, 000,000 pounds; three loaves aweek for a year means 1,716,000,000 pounldssaved!Enough to Feed the Entire Allied ArmyCorn Bread with Rye Flour1 cup crnBMftl1- psry Rmmr2 UblMpOOM ttf ATS tupoBt Royal Baking Powder1 teaspoon emit1 cup milk1 W2 tablespoons shorteningBarley flour or oat flour may be used instead of rye flour with equally .'goodresults. Sift dry ingredients into bowl; add milk, beaten egg and. meltedshortening. Stir well. Put into greased pan, allow to stand in warm place20 to 25 minutes and bake in moderate oven 40 to 45 minutes.Our new Red, White andfilae booklet, "Best Wpr Time Recipes'," containing many otherrecipes for making delicious and wholesome wheat saving foods, mailed fret addressROYAL BAKING POWDER CO., Dept. H, 135 William St, New YorkFOOD WILL WIN THE WARSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Coming and Goingi of OurPeople fief e, There andElsewhere.SEED CORN SITUATION SERIOUS.FARMERS, ATTENTION!The seed corn situation in Kentucky this year is the most seriousin years. Corn that had been pickedas seed corn from, different parts ofthe State and sent in to the Experiment Station at Lexington to betested has run in some cases as lowas 5 in germination, that is, fivegrains out of every hundred sprouting, and in hardly any cases as highas twenty grains out of a hundredsprouting. At a meeting of the District Agents, Director of Extension,Dean of the College of Agricultureand some others of the Extensionforce held at Lexington recently, Itwas decided that there should be puton all over the State of Kentucky,a Seed Corn Campaign. This is forthe purpose of finding out the farmers in each county who have goodseed corn and also those who haveseed corn that is unfit for planting.This campaign is to be conducted inthe following manner:The County Agricultural Agentsare to equip themselves by the enlistment of local financial aid with alarge number of "Rag Doll" testers.They are to have a room in somebuilding with "a temperature as evenas possible and there duritfg the daythey are to run a test for such farmers in their county who will bringthem sanmles of their corn whichan ear test the agent will selectsamples from same, number the earsand have the farmer take them bac'ihome. In addition to this work,which will be carried on at the County seats, a campaign will be madethrough the schools of the countyand children will be asked to bringcorn from home to be tested underthe supervision of the teachers.County Superintendent J. B. Caywood, of Bourbon County, has receiv-ed-anorder from a Chicago firm foreighty seed corn testers and one ormore of these will be given to eachschool and a number retained in hisoffice, where he and his s'taff of helpers, assisted by Emergency Demonstration Agent, L. S. Robbins, for aperiod extending from March 1st tosuch a time as the work shall havebeen accomplished.It is earnestly desired by the Government that each county will testhundreds of bushels of seed corn during this period. It will mean a saving of thousands of dollars to eacnWAR SAVINGS STAMPS CONVERTIBLE INTO CASH.Purchasers of Thrift and War Savings Stamps should ever bear in mindthat their stamps can be cashed anyday they want the money at fullvalue. This feature of the Thrift andWar Savings Stamps make them ahighly desirable and gilt-edged investment and one that can not besecured in any other bond or security.Invest liberally of your cash fundsin Thrift and War Savings Stamps,even if you are not certain how longyou can do without -your money. Ifthe occasion arises where you needthe cash, you can realize it on yourstamps on demand.The campaign for the sale of WarStamps to the end that BourbonCounty will "go over the top" in selling its quota of $340,000 progressingfavorably and the recent action bythe board of appointing an activecampaign committee in each votingprecinct has added increased enthusiasm and systemized the work. NorthMiddletown precinct is easily in thelead and a spirit of rivalry is spring-inp- vm to sep. which magisterial Tarecounty,-bth from the standpoint of cmct win carry off the honors of sub-saving purchase money of seed corn scribing the largest amount. Aland crop germination. But few ready $25,000 of War Stamps havefarmers realize the seriousness of the been sold,situation. The seed corn situation I The following compose the commit-teemen in eacn precinct wic juratnamed being chairman:Hutchison John Brennan, Robert'is probably the. most serious thingthat confronts the farmer and theAmerican people to-day. A large Meteer, W. B. Ardery, Jas. H. Thompcrop of corn is absolutely necessary son, Jr., Hugh Ferguson, Jas. Willif we are to continue the war to- a ' mott, John Bell, Forrest Letton andvictorious conclusion. The northern . naries wmre.Mrs. Boone Baldwin is visitingrelatives in Huntington, West Vir-gina.Mrs. Newton Mitchell is a guestw irtuves near jfisgan, in wooaiordcounty.Miss Sarah McGinley has returned from a visit to relatives inCincinnati.Miss Elizabeth Hedges has returned fron a visit to relatives inLouisville.Mrs. Anna Gillispie has returnedfrom a visit to friends and relativesin Cincinnati.Mrs. S. E. McClanahan has asguest her aunt, Miss Lydia Clinkenbeard, of Oklahoma City, Okla.Miss Mary Herndon, guest ofMrs. Katherine Davis Craig, has returned to her home in, Georgetown.Mrs. Walter Hedges and daughter, Miss Elizabeth, have returnedfrom a visit to relatives in Cincinnati. Miss Minerva. Neal is a patientat the Massie Memorial Hospital,suffering from an attack of typhoidfever.Misses May and Lucy Colvilleare, guests of Mr. and Mrs. EzikielArnold, at their suburban home nearCovington.Mrs. Lillie Leavell Stallings,guest of Mrs. Woodford Daniel, hasreturned to her home ih Tishumingo,Oklahoma.Mr. B. R. Locknane and familyhave moved from the Mitchell property in East Paris, to the Humeproperty, on Second street.Mr. Edward Turner, of nearParis, underwent a successful surgical operation at the Massie MemorialHospital, in Paris, Tuesday.Mr. Ed. B. Hedges, of Stoner avenue, underwent a successful surgicaloperation for throat trouble in aCincinnati hospital Tuesday.Mr. Harry Long and family havemoved from the Dimmitt farm nearMillersburg to the Wm. B. Woodfordfarm, on the Winchester pike.Mr. -and Mrs. E. P. Claybrookand Mr. and Mrs. Robert Meteer attnded the funeral and burial ofMrs. E. C. Slack, in Mason county,Tuesday.Mr. Ossian Edwards, of theBourbn Tpaity Co., will return today from Washington, D. C, wherehe has .been several days on a business mi?i n.Mr. Gus Aldrich and familyhave moved from Bourbon county tothe farm recently purchased by Mr.Aldrich from Mrs. M. E. Swatnam,in Clark county.Mr. J. B. Graziana, who has beenspending the winter in Covington,has returned to Paris to take up hisduties at the plant of the Paris IceManufacturing Co. Mr. Graziana'sannual return is as good a sign ofcoming of spring as the appearanceof blue birds and robins.- (Other Personals on Page 5)How Many Times Have You WisbedThat You CouldMAKEYOUR OWNCLOTHM8 .fc. w. ia-vHERE IS YOUR OPPORTUNITYj-they intend to use for planting pur-j partf' of our orn belt has practically.poses. The sample orougni io memby a farmer should be composite,three or four grains from each ofabout one hundred ears "picked atrandom out of his pile of seed cornthe agent being sure to keep thename of the farmer and his samplesseparate from any others. If farmersdesire to bring in the ears, and makeDr. Wm. Riley FranklinOPTOMETRISTPractice Limited to the Correctionof Defective Vision by ProperlyHtted Lenses.E. TENN. PHONE No. 7HOME PHONE No. 303Call Made to Any Part ofCity or County.520 Main St. Paris, Ky.no seed corn. The farmer south will jnot be able, on account of climaticconditions, to furnish seed corn forthe north that will' produce a normal crop. So it behooves us notonly to select seed corn for ourselves,but, for the purpose of helping tosave our country, to also select somethat we can sell to our' northernbrother. A failure in the corn cropof 1918 will be an internationalcalamity. " "Farmers of Bourbon County are,therefore, requested to bring samplesof their seed corn as soon as possible to the County Superintendent'soffice for a germination test. They I Nelson,,.4-A Lrintr fha Pnm 1T tJlP IOra, dear. This work will be done freeofcharge.Any farmer who does not have hi?seed tested this year will, in allprobability, have an utter failure inhis corn crop.Let us have your corn samples immediately. J. B. CAYWOOD,County Superintendent of BourbonCounty Schools.L. S. ROBBINS,Emergency Demonstration Agent.Centerville Stanhope Weidemann,Jos. Leach, Hickey Clay, D. C. Lisle,A. P. Adair, B. A. Batterton, Geo.Burberry and V. W. Ferguson.Ruddles Mills George Current,Harry Holt, Jas. Fisher, W. G. Talbot. Millersburg W. D. Mclntyre, JoePenn Redmon, T. W. Current, JohnF. McDaniel, D. M. Hurst, J. D.Booth and Alex. Miller.Flat Rock Sam Clay, Ray Burris,Jas. Caldwell, Houston Crouch, J. EBoardman.North Middletown H. S. Cay-wood, John Redmon, Will Thomason,donn wiiiie uones, r. ivi. nnaer, nenWoodford, Charlton Clay, Wm.Woodford, Gano Hildreth.Clintonville E. F. Prichard. Capt.D. C. Parrish, John WoodF. Clay, Lee Stephenson,Luther Rice, G. K. Jones, George Pepper, varden Shipp and George Dawson.It has been decided to apportionto each precinct the allottment eachis to raise and the committeeappointed to fix the apportionment were:Silas Bedford, Chairman, Sam Clay,Jas. McClure, Frank Kiser, and Buckner Woodford. The committee willmeet Thursday night.Lessons in Dressmaking Conducted by an Expert Teacherfrom thePICTORIAL REVIEWDRESSMAKING SCHOOLEach pupil will receive practical and individual in7structions. It is not necessary to have had previousexperience in dressmaking.You'll Make a Dress for Yourself while LearningThe entire course consisting of six lessons of one andone-half hours' each will cost you onlyThree DollarsThink how many more clothes you can have if ' youmake them yourself.The school starts Monday, March 18th, and will continue for one week. Enrollments are being made now.further information will be gladly given at our PatternCounter.WOLF, WILE & CO.LEXINGTON, KY.MARGOLEN'SFancyVEALROASTSTo-DayHftRGQLEH'Suitary Meat MarketBAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly RollCream PuffsDoughnuts, Rolls, PiesGROCERYFruits xFresh Vegetables -MEATDEPARTMENTRoatsEaffib,yVel9 PorkBrains NWILMOTH6rocry Co.Phone 376Coming!Coming!THEPAR I SGRANDMm CIT'S A MISTAKEMade By Many Paris Residents.Many people in a misguided effortto get rid of kidney backache, rely onplasters, liniments and other makeshifts. The right treatment is kidney treatment and a remarkably recommended kidney medicine is Doan'cKidney Pills. Paris is no exceptionThe proof is at your very door. Thefollowing is an experience" typical ofthe work of Doan's Kidney Pills inParis.Chas. Stewart, tinsmith, Lillestonaveriue, Paris, says: "I have hadthree or four attacks of lumbago inthe past few years, the first being theworst. There was a constant, dullache in my back and 'often sharp,i cutting pains darted through, it. Iti sometimes seemed as though I could' hardly endure the misery. I tried, different remedies to no avail, untilI got hold of Doan's Kidney Pills,procuring them from the ArderyDrug Co. The first box helped me,and J continued takiner them until' cured. Attacks since then have always been slight, and Doan's-KidneyPills have never failed to relieveme."Price 60 c, at all dealers. Don'simply ask for a kidneyTemedy :getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Setwart had. Foster-MilburnCo.. Prons.. "Buffalo "NT V. (aAv)Thursday, March 1 4thk v Zr7Bell's FamousHawaiiansHawaii's Most Novel AttractionPresenting Their Social Musical MasterpieceLuke McLuke claims to be the onlyhumorist who .never wrote a mother-in-lawjoke. Has Luke a .mother-in-law,and is she so formidable as allthat? ' -..Large Company! Real Hawaiians!Each An Artist!The Musical Scenic Masterpiece That is Different.This attraction comes direct from the famousApollo Theatre, Atlantic City, N. J.Prices: - - - 25c, 50c, 75c, $1.00Seat Sale at Alamo and Paris Grand Monday, March 1 1thGt moorSeatsIVcfWrijtsr -&im . - 'xT"".t: ";11 s, j--!-. -1 -V.-vLr3JjJlfe.-jiacjootTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,T9HDlAXjfESSSEE9',--mmmim-:?ffoe$eekers,AttentionHaving decided to locate in Lexington, I will sell my home on MainStreet, Paris, Ky., to the highest bid--IMr,"onTHUESDAY, MARCH 14, 1918,-af 2 -p. m.This property consists of a twostory frame residence of eight rooms,two halls, two porches, hath complete electric lights and gas.This is your chance to secure anelegant up-to-date residence situated on one of the best residencestreets in Paris.HARRY SIMON,- For particulars, call Harris 5-,Sfeakes, or Bourbon Real EstateExchange. (8-2t)xnere is a certain lnueuiuus i5i;i- u. 1, .".. UJ-v " 0,nt4- Dniin T3.Tro nrhSMi ' "Rank was conferred on several condiquite aside from her piquant beauty date. There was a good attendanceand her yjjry exceptional ability as J to witness me cumeiuug ui mea nnmmtr1cfArto and nc jj.ti omnHnnnll deETee.ARtTAss. makes her er.ATitinnallv at-1 All members of Paris Lodge B. P.tractive. Stage folk call it "person-1 O. E. No. 373, are urged to attendality," but there are any number of. the meeting to be held Sunday aftercelebrities of the stage and screen noon at 2:30 o clock, in the lodgewho posses pleasing personalities, room over the Bourbon Garage. Thewithout the charm and attractive- District Deputy will be present toness that is Miss Burke's. She is vase up tne cnarier auu uuwuuuuelike no other stage nersonage. and the lodge.Small FarmAT A BARGAIN IF-ISOLD AT ONCEWe have one farm we can deliverIn" the aext few days. About 90acres with good house and barn.Eight miles from town on good turnpike; y mile from graded school.A bargain if sold at once.Paris Realty Companycomira attractions at alamoAND THE GRAND.LODGE HOTES.r-At the meeting of Rathbone Lodge!There is a certain indefinite fasci- No. 12, K. of E., last nignt, tne FirstXEXrHGTOX DEFEATS PARISFOE, BASKET BALL HONORSA New Spring HatFor25 Cents- You can color your straw hatfresh and dainty withCOLORITE!In most every shade, or you cancolor your straw hat to match anew dress.Get a bottle to-day. We haveall colors.Brooks&SnappDrugCo.her charm arises from the inimitable Billy Burkeisms that have madeher -one of the greatest favorites inthe history of American theatricals.She will be at the Alamo this afternoon and at the Grand to-night in"Eve's Daughter."Marc MacDermott has a leadingpart in "The Woman BetweenFriends," another Vitagraph adaptation from the famous work of Robt."Wi. Chambers, and which, as a Greater Vitagraph Blue Ribbon Feature,will be the attraction at these housesto-morrow afternoon and evening.Alice Joyce, talented, and beautifulstar, has the stellar role, that ofCecelie, the flower girl, in this fascinating story of love and tragedycentering about the lives of two-young Americans in Paris.The Douglas Fairbanks photoplay,"Reaching For the Moon," whichcomes to the Alamo and the Grand,Monday, shows some exquisite scenesin a Venetian village, including thecharacteristic canals, with the picturesque banks and gondolas.In this picture Mr. Fairbanks ha.-?the time of his life. After payinglarge deposits for antique furniture,most of it is broken in one of themost thrilling hand to hand fightsever staged for a motion picturecamera. He battles with six Indians,throws his opponents against vases,oil paintings, walls, out of windows,and left a sorry looking ThroneRoom after he cleaned up the gang.B-4 FIREInsure withYY.O.HINTON &SON,AgtsFLEMING COUNTY FIRE WIPESOUT GENERAL STORE.The general merchandise store ofRobert Flora, at Battle Run, inFleming County, was totally destroyed by fire Wednesday morning, together with all of its contents. Theorigin of the fire is unknown. Theloss is about $3,000 and the amountof insurance, if any, was not learned.The 99th anniversary of Odd Fellowship" in America will be appropri-ately celebrated on April 26, whenall the lodges will initiate largeclasses of new members. A specialeffort is being made by BourbonLoage No. 26 to secure a large classof new members for this specialevent. Seven candidates has alreadybeen secured, and all the membersare working hard to have a big classready by .the night of April 26.EXCLUSIVE AGENCY FOR ARCADIA FARM PRODUCTS.We have secured the exclusiveagency for Bourbon county of the famous Arcadia Farm Products PeachButter, Apple Butter, StrawberryPreserves, Strawberry Jam and ChileSauce. These products are made onthe Arcadia Farm, and are made fromhome recipes by Klrgan Bros. Theyhave become famous for their goodqualities and excellent flavor. Theyare used at the most exclusive cafesand hotels, such as the Sinton, Gibson House, Seelbach and others. Theyare made at the home of KirginBros., in Ohio.WILMOTH & CO.,Exclusive Agents for Bourbon Co.-(8-tf)fe P3 fcaWind andLightningFire.Insurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.GIVE US A TRIAL.TAGGART INDICTED.In the Harrison Circuit Court atCynthiana, Wednesday, among theindictments returned by the grandjury were two against C. L. Taggart,formerly proprietor of The Columbia Theatre, in Paris. Taggart wasindicted on two charges of sellingcigarettes to persons under eighteenyears of age, and for knowingly permitting persons under eighteen yearsof age to play pool on tables underhis control.3 fSs 121For fire, wind, lightning: and automobileinsurance9see Yerkes& Peed, at Farmers &Traders Bank.NOTICE TO TEACHERS.?Phones 46TT i. i. i. -J 1. -.t nuuesi. Ltjst auu easu xor yourji cream, uive us a trial.415 Main St. (8-2t) farmers supply co.The Bourbon County Teachers' Association will meet in the office ofCounty School Superintendent J. B.Caywood, to-morrow (Saturday)morning, at ten o'clock, for the purpose of discussing Chapters 6, 7, 8,9 and 10 of Turner's "Teaching toRead." We hope all the members-will oe present.FOLSOM McGUIRE, Pres.BOUGHT AMD SOLDBy defeating the Paris HighSchool basket ball team in a fastsnappr game at Lexington HighSchool gymnasium, Tuesday night,the Lexington High School team isinow perched on the topmost boughof the championship tree. The victory was won over Paris by a scoreof 29 to 18. A stellar game wasplayed by both teams. Special seatswere reserved for twenty-five girlstudents from Sayre College, whocame as special invited guests of bothteams. There was a large delegation of Paris rooters on hand, whodid their utmost to help win thegame, but the odds were too strongagainst the home team, and Lexington finally won out.The game started fast and for overhalf of the first period fouls and freethrows featured the match. Campbell, of the Lexington five, threwfour out of five fouls and Burnett,opposing forward and free throwman for Paris, scored four out ofeight free throws.When the first half closed withthe Lexington squad two points inthe lead, the Paris five began toweaken and in the last half slaughter was dealt out to the visitors munstinted measure. King, captainof the Lexington five, started a newdrive, in which he himself scoredfour field goals. Burnett, Rice andClark did the best work for the Paristeam.Thirteen personal fouls were made,eight by the local squad and five bythe visitors.The summary:Lexington. Pos. ParisLawrence (4) ..F ....RobertsCampbell F Burnett (4)Powell (6) C .' Rice (2)Morris (4) G . ,t Clark (2)Colpitts G LavinSubstitutions: For LexingtonDud King (8) for Powell, Fuller (2)for Lawrence, G. Smith for Colpitts,Bill King for Morris; for Paris )Rule for Roberts.Goals from Fouls: For Lexington Campbell. 4 out of 5: Fuller, 1out 3; Powell, none out of 1; DudKing, none out of 3 ; Bill King, noneout of 1, For Paris Barnett, 9 outof 17; Lavin, 1 out of 1.Score by Periods 1st 2d TotalLexington 12 17 29Paris 10 8 18'" Referee, Prof. Robt. Hinton, formerly of Paris, now coaching Georgetown. , On the same night, the Paris HighSchool girls' team met the quintetfrom the Lexington High' School ina contest preceding the boys' game,and wrested a victory by a score of20 to 16. The game was featuredby the excellent goal shooting ofMisses Rose and Elder, of the Paristeam, and Misses Williams, Sandersand Porter, of the Lexington team.The Paris girls played a remarkablybrilliant game, and showed a classyathletic gait all through the contest.It. was a hie- nierht for them, the onlvfiv in the ointment being the defeatA n Vinvo' faam . TVio crii7cs warajyt nic uujro ituui. iiiv b"" itvvfull of enthusiasm .and had hoped tohelp the boys celebrate the night bybringing home the High SchoolChampionship. There was gloryenough to go around, and Paris isproud of the girls team and their accomplishments.E3 ?a tsBIDBourbon 08...-..;...;;.;;....: 50Oleum Refining... 5.00Pan - American. . . - - -:-. ......... ... ,t.Station Camp -. 1.00-s- -vs3 Per Cent. Commission Charged Sellers.No Commission Charged Buyers.-JOHNSTUARTFORDHAM HOTELY. M-. C. A. NOTES.At a meeting of business men andstudents, held in the Y. M. C. A.building at 7:30 o'clock last night, apreliminary organization of a Chessand Checker Club was effected, witha membership of about thirty. Arrangements were perfected for aseries of chess and checker tournaments to be played; at stated intervals between picked representativesof the classes in the membership.The first of the series will be playedbetween representatives of the Men'?Bible Class and other organizations.Anyone who desires to participate inthe games following is invited to bepresent.The Boy Scouts basket ball teamfrom the "Y" will journey to Veisailles to-day, where they will play areturn game with the Versaillesteam. The first game between thttwo teams was played in the "Y"gymnasium in Paris, the locals capturing it by a one-sided score. ThelBoy Scouts will have an opportunityfor the first time since the seasonclosed to take part in a swimmingcontest in the big swimming pool atthe "Y" to-day. They are urged tobe present at nine o'clock to-morrowmorning, and have the time of theirlives.S te fePARIS, KENTUCKYCARD FROM SUPT. OF COUNTYSCHOOLS. .At a recent meeting of the CountyBoard in the Superintendent's officethe principal things voted werelength of school term, filling vacancies for trustees, and the budget fornext year.Qn account of the lack of fundsthe Board voted that the school termshould be eight months, except thosethat did not have the per cent, ofattendance required by law, andthey should close at seven months.They also voted to make a tencents levy, the usual amount, for theschool expenses for next year.An inquiry was also made concerning a surplus of $7,000 left tothe county treasury, but no one knewof any, as reported after the lashBoard meeting under the old administration.This being true, I presume therewas a mistake and it was only misnamed, and the amount referred towas what was left of the taxes collected for this school year.If I understand correctly, though,you cannot call it a" surplus.I received for -the county treasury,sent by Miss Robbins, $343.31.Later, Mr. W. P. Talbott paid me"$5,885.55, making a total for thecounty treasury, $6,228.86.The reason I am makiner thin-statement, so many lceen askiner -whv,somuch money had been placed inT "tfcERANK&eO.THE RELIABLR STORESpring ,1918-sTli cj-rNOW SHOWINGNew Spring MaterialsOF EVERY DESCRIPTIONSilks, Dress Goods- -VOILES, POPLINS,GINGHAMS, SHIRTINGS,SKIRTINGS. WAISTINGSWHITE GOODS IN NEW STYLESNOVELTIES OF ALL KINDS IN NEWWASH GOODSREADY-TO-WEARSUITS, SKIRTSSILK AND WASH DRESSESCOME IN AND SEEOUR STOCK.FRANK & CO.POTATOES!Direct From Producer to ConsumerWhy pay retail prices? Will sell Zy2 bushels ormore fancy screened good quality potatoes for seed ortable use (specify which) price$1.30 PER BUSHELf. o. b.JLexlngton, Winchester, Georgetown or Versailles. Call or writeStanhope WiedemannParis, KentuckyWALLPPERPaints - Window GlassBrushesHouse and Sign PaintingPaper Hanging. Interior Decorating'WORK DONE BY EXPERTSGIVE US A CALLC. A. DAUGHERTY: Fifth and Majn Struts -1II1wYfMEAiwyii H . -A.L Jt'X -1 1 ' 1 asr -j..tne rewrYcs.iunQ or surplus. lr -Suprinteiidat-of JSefcoolC5pify??i1 ?; v "J '.fvt&ffot2r4FOR THE BESTNOTHING CtSESEED OATS, sSeed Oats; test 4opounds; purity 99 1 -2per cent; gemination98 per cent. CloverSeed; Timothy Seed.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(mar8-8t)m mBETTER BUY THAT OVERCOAT.Buy now at present prices. Weguarantee a saving of at least $5over next fall's prices.J. W. DAVIS & CO.WANTED COUNTRY PRODUCE.Highest market price paid foreggs, butter, country jowls, shoulders, bacon, lard and cream.(8-2t) FARMERS' SUPPLY CO.GROCERY STOCK MOVED.Mr. Robert Link has moved hisstock of groceries from his formerquarters on. Eighth street, to thestore at the corner of High andEighth streets, recently vacated byMr. Frank Jacobs.m m mFor fire, wind, lisht-ningand automobileinsurance,seeYerkes& Peed, at Farmers &Traders Bank.to m to -REPORT OP MOORE SALE.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney furnishesTHE NEWS the following report ofthe sale held for Mrs. Angie Moore,at her home near Centerville, yesterday: One pair horse mules, $312.50;suckling colt, $60; 2-year-old heifer,$63; six-months-old steer - calf,$30.50; gilt and seven pigs, $85.25;chickens, $1 each; roosters, $1 each;gobblers, $5; household effects andfarming implements brought goodprices.ta fcs toSIX TEAMS TO COMPETE IN BASKETBALL TOURNAMENT.Plans for the annual KentuckyHigh School basketball tournament,which is scheduled to begin to-day,were completed the middle of thisweek by Prof. M. E. Ligon, of theLexington High School, chairman ofthe State High School Athletic Association. Six teams have alreadysigned up for the tournament, andone more has signified its intentionof doing so. The teams that areready to enter the contest are Monticello, Lawrenceburg, Paris, Lexington, Somerset and Owensboro. Tho.contests will be held in the collegegymnasium, a the Cnetre College.to to toPRESH PISH TO-DAY,We have on hand to-day and tomorrow fresh fish of all kinds. Wedress them and deliver free of charge.Phone in your order if you want thebest.MARGOLEN'S SANITARY MEATMARKET.GARDEN SEED.Get in your order if you wantgarden seed. We have a splendidvariety. They will go fast.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.BAN ON SALE OP HENS HAS CUTPRICE OP EGGS.The recent order of the UnitedStates Food Commissioner prohibiting the sale of hens and pullets hasevidently had the desired effect, sofar as Paris is concerned.A month ago wholesalers were paying sixty cents a dozen for eggs,with practically no receipts. Thiscondition was ascribed to the factthat polutry raisers were sellinghens at the high prices then prevailing, instead of holding them for lowprices in the spring and summer.The prices now quoted in the localmarket is less than half that a monthSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mrs. Sithey Burgin has returnedto Paris after a visit to Mrs. John L.Bosley, in Winchester.Miss Maude Wilson has returnedto her home in this city, after a visitto relatives in Winchester.Mrs. Luther Henry has returnedto her home in Winchester after avisit to relatives and friends in Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Fred Walcott, ofWinchester, were recent guests ofMr. and Mrs. T. T. Templin, onSouth Main street.Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft, MissHelen Hutchcraft and Miss CarolynRoseberry, of Paris, were visitors inLexington, Wednesday.Miss Mildred Brannon, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Barney J. Brannon, of Paris, is a patient in the St.Joseph'sHospital, in Lexington.-MiC Thomas E. Savage, of Mil-lersuurg, formerly Deputy Clerk inthe office of County Clerk PearcePatcwi, is quite ill at the home of hisson, Mr. Jaynes Savage, on Fifteenthstreet.Mr. Frank Farmer, of Oakdale,Tenn., is a guest of his wife anddaughter at the home of Mr. andMrs. James W. Earlywine, on Mainstreet. Mr., and Mrs. Farmer wereguests of friends in Cincinnati, Wednesday. Mr. Allie Kearns and family." ofCarlisle, were recent guests of Mrs.Thomas Herrin, on South Mainstreet. They were en route to theirfarm near Bright Station, in Kentoncounty, recently purchased by Mr.Kearns.Mr. Harold Shropshire; of Paris,was one of the guests Tuesday evening at a "miscellaneous shower'given by Mrs. W. T. Morris, at herhome in Lexington. The "shower"was in compliment to Miss NancyMorris, a charming bride-elect.(Other Personals on Page 3)MAKING CORN TESTSMATRIMONIAL. VA marriage license was issuedWednesday from the office of theFayette County Clerk to Mr. VirgilHarney, aged 21, and Miss Carrie B.Gay, aged 16, both of Bourboncounty.MOORE JACOBS.WARDLE WAYMEYER.Rev. J. J. Rice, paster of theParis Presbyterian church, officiated at a double wedding recently,when he united two couples fromFayette county. Rev. Rice receiveda call first from-Miss Pearl Mooreand Mr. F. E. Jacobs, of near-Lex-ington,whom he united for betteror worse. Shortly after this ceremoney he was again called upon toperform a similar rite for Miss HelenWardle and Mr. D. J. Waymeyer,both of Fayette county.Tests of seed corn sent in by twoBourbon county farmers to the officeof County Superintendent J. B. Caywood, were made this week. Thesamples were taken at random froma dozen ears and showed that onlyseventen grains sprouted, the remainder showing dry rot. Of theother samples' of one hundredgrains only eight sprouted. Thefarmers stated they had expected touse the seed corn for their crops thisseason. 'BRING US YOUR CREAM.We have secured the agency to buycream for the Lexington Creamery.Bring us your cream. Honest testand your money in a few minutesafter you get to town.(8-2t) FARMERS' SUPPLY CO.MILLER DENNIS.A quiet home wedding was celebrated Monday at the residence ofthe officiating minister, Rev. J. B.Jones, in Cynthiana, when Miss Fannie Miller became the bride of Mr.O. H. Dennis. The bride is the attractive- daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J.N. Miller, of near Berry. The groom,a splendid young gentleman of finecharacter, is a son of Mr. Jesse Dennis, of Cynthiana-After the ceremony Mr. and Mrs.Dennis came to Paris, where theywere handsomely entertained by thegroom's sister, Mrs. J. G. Woodall,on South Main street. Mr. and Mrs.Dennis have many friends who wishthem a long and happy married life.They will reside in Paris.BOYS' SUITS $7.50.Plenty of all-wool suits in mostdesirable styles.J. W. DAVIS & CO.RUGS.All of our rugs are in our bigcash sale at 20 per cent, discount.THE J. T. HINTON CO.GOING TO COVER UP?Some thief or thieves, who evidently wanted to "cover up" something entered the lumber yard of theTemplin Lumber Co., and in the absence of the rightful owners, removed about twenty bales of shingles.The thieves covered up their tracks,and left no clue as to their identity.IMPORTANT NOTICEJust now the farmers throughoutthe county are doing much movingabout from one farm to another, andwe urge upon our subscribers thatthey let us know promptly whenthey move, so that THE NEWS canfollow them.Remember THE NEWS is delivered everywhere, and if you will notifyus when you move we will changeyour paper so that you will not missa single issue. Be sure to give theold address as well as the new whenadvising us of the change.ago.Ea 5S isEXCLUSIVE AGENCY POR ARCADIA PARMPRODUCTS.We have secured the exclusiveagency for Bourbon county of the famous Arcadia Farm Products PeachButter, Apple Butter, StrawberryPreserves, Strawberry Jam and ChileSauce. These products are made onthe Arcadia Farm and are made fromhome recipes by Kirgan Bros. Theyhave become famous for their goodqualities and excellent flavor. Theyare used at the most exclusive cafesand hotels, suchas the Sinton, Gibson House, Seelbach and others.They are made at the home of Kirgan Bros., in Ohio.WILMOTH & CO.,Exclusive Agents for Bourbon Co.(8-tf)13 n :PARIS MECHANICS OPPER SERVICES TO UNCLE SAM.The following Paris and Bourboucounty men, experts in their respec-jtive trades, have registered ineirnames with Mr. Buckner Woodford,Chairman of the Bourbon CountyBoard of the United States PublicService Reserve:Paul Makle, Arthur Zarnes,Edward F. Richardson, HomerHorine, Milton S. Clancey, Sam P.Ellison, Frank Prindle, W. C. Snapp,Commodore Grinnell, Jas. W. Stone,Ben W. Griffinr Jas. S. Ginn, I. C.Burnett and G. M. Turner.The men have announced themselves as ready and willing to j&oanywhere and do anythimg.they canto fcelp i the service ofnke U. &.army or avy. Tkey will be motifiei.frow WaaWartou'wlieji and where, Jtoreport for duty. , . ,-. .THE WEATHER.From a period of warm weather,when the mercury went as high as70 degrees in the past few days astorm, descended from the Northwest yesterday morning, sending thetemperature down to the freezingpoint.Rains were predicted, as well as adrop to ten above zero yesterday.The rain came, but thirty above wa.ithe lowest recorded temperature.The prediction-or the Ohio Valleyis rain or snow, followed by colderweather.m m mFURNITURE.Just think, every piece of furniturein our stock is in ourbig cash saleat 20 per cent, discount. Buy now.THE J. T. HINTON CO.SHINGLES! WE HAVE THEM!. THE PRICE IS RIGHT!Buy shingles to-day. They arecheaper now than they will be later.BOURBON LUMBER CO.,(8-2t) Both Phones.r m mHAD PRATERNAL INSURANCE INMODERN WOODMtfU.Latest Hits.Go to Brown's Music Store foryour sheet music. Latest rits directfrom Associated Music Publishers,New York City. Bargains in slightlyused pianos and organs and oldviolins. ( 8-lt)Wanted, a Wife.Wanted, a wife.'fjetween the ageof 21 and 23 years. She can be from,the town or county. Photographmust accompany first letter. I am 23years old and hav no bad habits,dark hair, blue, eyes and fair complexion. Address undersigned,WILLIE McGOVHN,1509 Bank Lick St.,(It) Covington, Ky.mmmjmmmmmmjmmmmATr Pari Weathers, of Lexingtona former resident of Paris, whosedeath was recorded in Tuesdaysissue of THE NEWS, held a life insurance policy of $3,000, in theModern Woodmen. Payment will bemade as soon as the necessary formalities and proofs are observed.qUARANTINE LIFTED.The rigid quarantine, which hasbeen maintained at the Massie Memorial Hospital because of the development there of a case of smallpox has been lifted, the patient having recovered. The institution isagain ready for the reception ofpatients.HIGHEST PRICE POR CREAM.Bring us your cream and securethe highest market price for it.Your money and can in a few mmutes (8-2t) FARMERS' SUPPLY CO,COURT OP APPEALS DECISION.In the Court of Appeals at Frankfort, Tuesday, 4n he case of ; Clay.- ffinwim. from- Bourbon Circuit-Coart;-the;Tappeliaat filed a responato the petition ;ior-a reneanns.-NewMarch RecordsVictrolaThou Art Near .Me, MargaritaDe GorzaLa Capricieuse HeifetzPastorale De LucaNozze di Figaro Galli CurciVictrolasandQOL& RollsDaughertyBros.Fifth and MainIJust Arrived!NewSPRING SUITS, COATS ANDDRESSESIn All the Latest Colors and MaterialsNEWSPRING MILLINERYARRIVING DAILYWe also have a beautiful line ofnew Spring White Goods, WashGoods and many other materials toselect from.Come in and Inspect Our Select LinesHARRY SIMONAgents For Munsing Wear, Warner's Rust Proof Corsetsand Eiffel Brand HosieryawjWAVAmmmmAMusyysii&8 &fty?ftj3iMttjmThe Big Cash SaleI Where You Get the Lowest Prices and the Best Goods1 Is Still Going On, and Will Continue Until April 1st.Anticipate -Your Needs.The Great Way Sagless SpringsAre in Our SalematismJr0--WTry One for 60 Days; if it Don't Suit Send it BackMATTING RUGS.9x12 Feet; Sale Price J&4.60 Look at the QualityIf we do not sell you Better Goods For Less Moneywe do not expect to sell you.Join Our Kitchen Cabinet Club!THEJT.HINTONCO.MOTOR HEARSEMOTOR INVALID COACHUNDERTAKINGCITHERPJdNP'ae,s-SIXTH AN D MAI IV STS.Ai"Xms. ' '-vf--5.--ITHE BOURBON NEWS, PARK, KY.FMDAT, ILAJfcCK t, 118.b-x, M2Al$-L-J2lAil2m(ynvrTHE MAEK OF THE BEAST.(Louisville Courier-Journal.)Suck beastly atrocities as the sink-Ing of the Glenart Castle, with heriied Cross lights flaming, and thewholesale murder of nurses, physlcians and" hospital orderlies upontheir mission, of mercy are to be expected of. the' Germans. Inasmuch asthey are to.be expected all talk ofpeace terms with Germans upon anybasis short of the crushing of themilitary power of the only modernnation which is without civilizationis worsethan a waste of time.VThe Germans bear the mark of thebeast; hey must be shot on sightuntil there are not enough of ttiemleft to practice murder and piracyon the high seas. The killing of German soldiers must proceed as rapidlyand as efficiently as training of menand mobilization of resources perjmits until there are not enough ofthe brutes left to constitute a continuing menace to civilization.Talk is idle. This is not the timefor idleness. While Herting prattlesto the Reichstag about Germany'sfavorable attitude toward sentimentsexpressed by President Wilson withsuch crimes os the sinking of hospitalships; crimes which no tribe of naked savages able to understand thepurpose of the Red Cross would commit.FORGOT WHAT HE NEEDED.From the Republican, ML Giliad,Ohio: The editor had an interestingexperience some time ago, when acjoung gentleman came to his officeand asked for a copy of the MorrowCounty Republican. He scrutinizedit carefully when a copy was handedhim, and then said: "Now I know!""What is it you are looking for," weinquired. "My wife sent me aftera bottle of Chamberlain's CoughRemedy, and I forgot the name. Ient to several stores and the clerknamed over everything on the sheifexcept "Chamberlain's". I'll tryagain, and I'll -never go home without Chamberlain's Cough Remedy."The Republican would suggest to theproprietors of drug stores, that theypost their clerks, and never let themsubstitute. Custimers lose faith in.. stores where substituting is permittedto say nothing of the injustice to themakers of good goods and the disappointment of customers,(adv. March)One of the lessons of the coal crisisis that henceforth no fuel administration should proceed in the Summeron the theory that it is going to be amild winter.It is joyful news that the Senate'investigators have decided to stonwasting Secretary Baker's time an!let himvget back to work.THE TOBACCO MAEKETThp TnHpnpndprtt Tobacco Warehouse Company broke all records yesterday when they disposed of100,325 pounds or tobacco ior$44,055.85, an average at $43.91 perhundred .pounds. A .Special .featureof the sale was the crop., average of$58.40 paid for 2,550ppunds of tobacco belonging to Thomason, Burns & Hihkston. One basket in thiscrop brought the record price of $78per hundred pounds. The followingadditional crop averages were reported: Young & Robinson sold 5,425pounds for an average of $54.06.Plummer. McClure & Jones sold1.975 nounds for an averaere of$50:24.Thomason, Burris & Fleming sold3,255 pounds for an average of$47-54.Plummer, McClure & Fredericksold 3,580 pounds for an average of$43.87.Thomason, Burris & Wagoner sold1,890 pounds for an average of$48.21.Thomason, Burris & Wagoner sold5,330 pounds for an average of $47-Jones & Mason sold 1,340 poundsfor an average of $45.82.J. W. Young, Jr., sold 3,930 poundsfor an average of $46.33.Ja'coby & Gray sold 7,075 poundsfor an average of $41.45.Ewalt & Kenton sold 4,590 poundsfor an average of $38.70.Clay & Neal sold 2,530 pounds foran average of $44.94.See page four for display advertisement of the Independent Tobacco Warehouse Company..The Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCompany sold Tuesday a total of5S.495 pounds of tobacco for$17,626.86, an average of $32.95 perhundred pounds. All grades broughtoutside prices and the sale was unusually satisfactory to the growers.The following crop averages were reported: Joe Connell & Myers sold 2,460pounds for an average of $40.83.Summay & Henry sold 4,240pounds for an average of $34.65.Allen & Faulkner sold 3,295pounds foran average of $37.30.Simms & Deering sold 3,270pounds for an average of $30.97.R. M. Hedges sold 3,815 poundsfor an average of $35.03 .Clay & Taylor sold 6,910 poundsfor an average of $46.Marsh & Taylor sold 3,115 poundofor an average of $34.87.Ben Woodford & Son sold 2,915pounds for an average $37.18.LOOK AT AJSBSS3&L' TONGUE WMT CK0SSFEVERISH AND SICKTake .No Chances'! Move PoisonsFrom liver and BowelsAt Once.m m mBAD TASTE IN YOUR MOUTH.When you have had a bad taste layour mouth you may know that yourdigestion is faulty. A dose of Chamberlain's Tablets will usually correctthe disorder. They also cause a gentle movement of the bowels. Youwill find this to be one of the bestmedicines you have ever become acquainted with.(adv. March)Mothers can rest eatey after giVing"California Syrup of Figs," becausein a few hours all -the clogged-upwaste, sour bile and fermenting foodgently moves out of the bowtels, andyou have a well, playful child again.Children simply will not take thetime from play to empty their bowels, and theyr become tightly packed,liver gets sluggish and stomach disordered. When cross, feverish, restless, seeif tongue is coated, then give thisdelicious "fruit laxative." Childrenlove it, and it can not cause injury.No difference what ails your littleone if full of cold, or a sore, throat,diarrhoea, stomach-ache, bad breath,remember, a gentle "inside cleans-"Tng" should always be the first treatment given. Full directions 'for babies, children of all ages and grownups are printed on each bottle.Beware of counterfeit fig syrups.Ask your druggist for. a bottle of"California Syrup of Figs," then lookcarefully and see that it is made bythe "California Fig Syrup Company."We make no smaller size. Handback with contempt any other figsyrup. (adv)A HERO EVERY DAY.For cool head work, quick decisionand knowing the right thing to doand doing it, a young officer of theUnited States Navy has won distinction from the British government.Although thisgovernment will notallow men in the military service Icaccept decorations from other powers, the English Commander-in-Chiefhas recommended the award ofthe Distinguished Service Cross toEnsign Henry N. Fulton, U. S. NThe officer was on duty on a UnitedStates destroyer which was conveyinga merchant ship. Sighting a submarine, the man-of-war headed directlyfor the enemy. She submerged andafter a while appeared and by quickand well-directed maneuvering theAmerican kept after her and by dropping a depth bomb escaped injury. Itis believed that the charge'destroyedthe submarine. Ensign Fallen wason watch at the time. He is a nativeof Pennsylvaniaand was appointedto the Naval Academy in 1912.Hi PB FSHooverizing seems to have successfully taken the place of Fletcheizing as a remedy for all stomachills.If there is a real need to conservefuel, why not go after the joyriders?There's a fertile field for conservation, Doc.ITHEINDEPENDENTTobacco Warehouse Company(Incorporated)PARIS, KENTUCKYBreaks All Records of Any Marketor Warehouse in the StateWhen It Sold Tuesday, March 5th, 100,325 Pounds of Tobacco for $44,055.85A Floor Average of $43.91A Crop of 2,550 Pounds Belonging to Thomason, Burris & Hinkston for anAverage of $58.40And Sold the Highest Priced Basket of the Season at$78.00 Per Hundred PoundsBaskets in the Thomas, Burris & Hinkston crop sold as follows: ,115 pounds $52.50; 220 pounds $55.50; 175 pounds $60.00; 210 pounds $54.50; 200 pounds$5150; 210 pounds $60.00; 175 pounds $78.00; 60 pounds $77.00; 200 pounds $58,00; 125pounds $60.00; 290 pounds $58.50; 205 pounds $60.00; 170 pounds $50.50; 80 pounds $47.00;115 pounds $54.50. -Other Crop Averages in This Sale Were:Young & Robinson4525 pounds, averaged $54,06Plummer, McClure & Jones1975 pounds, average d. ,. . . 5 Q. 24Plummer, McClure & Vimont1975 pounds, averaged 4T.S4-Thomason, Burris & Fleming3255 pounds, averaged 4 7.54Plummer, McClure & Frederick3580 pounds, averaged. . . . 43'iS7Thomason, Burris & Wagner1890 pounds, averaged .... 482 1Thomason, Burris & Wagner5330 pounds, averaged $47.00Jones & Mason1340 pounds, averaged .... 45.82J. W. Young, Jr.3930 pounds, averaged 46.33Jacoby & Gray7075 pounds, averaged 41 ,45Ewalt & Renton4590 pounds, averaged 38.90Clay & Neal - ..2530 pounds, averaged 44.94ggWgyf -nc .,,LIBERTY- LOAN MHKER Eft?MOHEYPUSH AHEiD GETREADY FOR IT.One of these days there is goingto be another Liberty Loan and thepeople of the United States are going to be asked again to back theirfaith in the principles of liberty anddemocracy- -with their pocketbooks.It is often much easier to subscribeto a principle vocally than to backit with hard pioney. But think aminute.The United States has under armsto-day some 1,900,000 men, everyone of whom has declared his willingness to give his life for the principles that some folks hesitated loloan their dollars for.These men must be fed, equippedand cared for in every way. Nothingthis nation can do is too good forthem: That costs money. Who begrudges it?This war is not over yet. Therosy optimists who think Americacan sit down and wait until Fritzhands them Berlin on a platter menace the nation. Every sound observer knows Prussianism is fast inthe saddle and riding hard.We are going to need more menhow many no one knows. Perhaps3,000,000. Are we willing to payfor them? Be sure of one thing. Wewill either pay for the army or paythe Hun.The government of the UnitedStates has not asked"3Tcent in gift ofanyone. It has asked to -borrowmoney and in return has given thebest security in the world. Remember that.So get ready for the next LibertyLoan. Save and sacrifice. Nothingwe can ever be asked to do willmeasure with the sacrifice of theAmerican boys who will "go West"in the front line trenches beforevictory is won.TRY THIS FOR SOUR STOMACH.Eat slowly, masticate your foodthoroughly. Eat but little meat andnone at all for supper. If you arestill troubled with sour stomach takeone of Chamberlain's Tablets beforegoing to bed.(adv. March)Dr. Garfield might at least haviihave gotten a little more co-operationon the part of the weather man, before springing the older for thoseheatless days.Now that a squad of telephone girlslias agreed to go over and help ourSignal Corps in France, we havesome hopes of getting the Kaiser'snumber.It is aboutwere escapingtime Nick Romanoffagain.t-KtAA it-. VJLfBv. vU.TIWantedWhiteCornThe market changes'aftmost dUily,but we areto-day (Mar. 2) paying following prices:Ear Corn, No. 3, $1.90" " No. 4, .1,85Shelled, 5 cents per bnskel Ufker.These prices delivered Louisville.If you have any White Corn to sell, now orlater, it will pay you to write "BALLARD CORN MILLS, Incorporated, Louisville, Ky.(2-6ma-2t) .Ear orln& N. TIME TABLE'V(Effective February 10, 1913, at 12:01 a. m.)TJfAJNS FROM SSZZ ARR1VAUU Atlanta; dally - 5:20 amIf Rowland, daily except Sunday ..... 7:11 am17 Maysville, daily except Sundayr..... . ,...7:1$ am4t Lexington daily except Sunday. . . -'. ?, ...7:40 amM Cincinnati, 0 daily 10:05 amft Lexington, daily 10:07 amS3 Chicago, daily 10r20 am9 Maysville, Daily Except Sunday . . 5:40 pm138 Lexington, Daily 3:15 pm38 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily.., 3:1$ mm3S Cincinnati, Dally Except Sunday :Et am16 Lexington, Daily Except Sunday 6:30 pm3S Jacksonville, Pla., Daily ...'. 6:45 pm1M Lexington Daily 10?23 p ot31 Cincinnati, O., Daily ,. 10:30 pm210 Lexington, Sunday only ..v. .. ..12:30 pm209 . Maysville, Sunday only . . 5:40 pm.TRAINS , FOR - - -,- LEAV134 Cincinnati,, daily 5:25 am i40 Cincinnati, daily except Sunday. 7: I17 Lexington daily except Sunday... 7:47 Ma10 Maysville, daily except Sunday 7:41 am13 Lexington, dally except Sunday 10:28 am37 Knoxville, daily 10:35 am33 Jacksonville, daily 10:25 am129 Lexington, daily 8:25 pm38 Cincinnati, dally 3:25 paa39 Lexington, daily except Sunday S: ST pas9 Rowland, Daily except Sunday... f :t0 pm16 Maysville, daily except Sunday 6:45 pm32 Chicago, daily 6:50 ym131 Lexington, Daily 10:37 pm31 Atlanta, Gjl, Dally 10:38 pm210 Maysville, Sunday only 12:35 pm209 Lexington, Sunday only . . . ." 4:47 pmW dks TI HMCE-T AT3T "FSNO. TRAINS ARRIVE FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Dally Bx. Sunday ."2. 7:38 a. m4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex, Sunday...,, 5:50 p. aTRAINS DEPART FOR1 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday , 8:25 a, m.I Frankfort, Ky., Daily "Ex. Sunday. -... ........ -.... f:25 p. m.yThe Independent Tobacco Warehouse Ci,BgauMiiflsiflSjThe BourbonTobacco Warehouse Co.(Incorporated)PARIS, KENTUCKYHolds the Worlds Record for a Tobacco CropHaving Sold for Mrs. W. B. Woodford & Bristow 2310 Pounds, of. Tobacco For "An Average of $55.62Sale of February 20th, 291,350 PoundsAVERAGE, $31.42Some Other Good Recent Averages:Jones & Mason .-. .1525 pounds, average $44.43Marshall & Morelahd 5565 pounds, average 43.97Clay & Toohey 2340 pounds, average 4t.63J. H. Barnes I . v 4050 pounds, average .-. 40.97- Shropshire & Tibbs .r. 3390 pounds, average 40.27Grimes & Johnson .2305 pounds, average 42.05Thomas &NReed 40S4 pounds, average 3S.48- H. L. Smith 3505 pounds, average 38.07The Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Company Holds, Beside theCrop Record, the Market Record for Paris and KentuckySold 5,400,000 pounds of tobacco for an average off $28.74.-j Was also above the average off any market in Kentucky.Nivev (LMtmittei.)PARIS, KENTUCKY(Incorporated)J. T. COLLINS, Matiaser.vnNVlff-. mi il.li i n"' ilHlll'llhMOmW)FRIDAY, MAKCH 8, 118.THE BOURBON HEWS, PARIS, KY.Suffered SeveralYears. PERUNAMADE ME WELLMrs. Elizabeth Reuther, 1002 11thSt, N. W.f Washington, D. C, writes:1 endorse Peruna as a splendidmedicine for catarrh and stomachtrouble, from, which I suffered several years. I took it for-severalmonths, found my health was restored and have felt splendidly eversince. I now take it when I contract a cold, and it soon rids the system of any catarrhal tendencies."Its MyStandbyfor aCold.Those who object to liquid medicines can procure Peruna Tablets.The Colonel has indorsed ChairmanHays and the Chairman cannot, incourtesy, do less than indorse theColonel, seeing that they're both going in the same direction at the sametime.You Don't Have toStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRangeJj H Bltt if -Tk&z tovtrTiA beautiful line of Garlands on dlilay. Corns In ami look thtm ovsr.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)SOLDIERS CARD INDEXED.Every soldier is card indexed. In.that way Uncle Sam will keep trackof every soldier, sailor and civilianattached .in any wray to his armedforces. The card index will permitprompt handling of all casualty lists.Not only will we over here know wloover there has been hurt or slain, butwe will know where that- Americanboy lived and his nearest living relatives. This system will do a lot toward vheading, off the wave of casualty lies- which pro-German, propagandists spread in America. The caidindex plan makes it impossible forany soldier to be wounded, capturedor slain without his nearest relatives being promptly notified. If nosuch notice is received from officialsources no harm has befallen thesoldier. There will be na "unknowndead." Eyery man in the army,whether officerN)r.priyate, will beindexed by name and the records filed in alphabetical order for immediate reference should the names appear either in army orders or casualty lists. With the description ofeach soldier will be given the nameof his next kin, writh address. The"War Department may decide uponthe plan of identification which hasbeen jn- vogue in the regular army.This system is that each soldier shallwear about his neck underneath hi.iclothing a small aluminum tag givinhis name and company. So alwaysthere is a line of communicationfrom the boy fighting in the trenchesover there, or in training campshere, and his nearest reltive, througlithe tag he wears and the card in thefiling case at Washington.FOR A BAD COLD.Take Chamberlain's Cough Remedy. It has stood the test of timeand can be depended upon,(adv. March)91"IIEOW. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, KThe Nation's NeedsCome First'Any patriotic American would glady standaside and give his place anywhere to an officeron government duty.The placing of the Bell telephone system at thedisposal of the government, as was done whenwar broke out, involved the same patriotic obligation. During the months of military preparedness,the War and Navy Departments had the serviceof the most comprehensive and efficient telephonesystem in the world. And it must be kept so. Inthe face of the unprecedented demand rfrom private sources, every government need must andwill be met.The government comes first, but we are doing everything that science can' suggest and tfihtmoney can accomplish to maintain our7 generalservice at the usual standard of "efficiericyf Aloyal organization is .working continuously to'meetthe increased demands and your patient co-operationwill prove helpful and inspiring. ' ' "Telephone user can help bv avoiding uselessconversation and by. encouraging "their-.employe3and associates to use the telephone only whennecessary w during the- busy .hours of theF4ay, andto malcetheir-conversatfons brief. v "With this patriotic attitude ft the public"yrard us we aV serve the government first jidrender a service that will meet the requirementsof the commerciaTand social worldl fCUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAND TELEGRAPH COMPANYIncorporatedAEYOU TAUOffa TREASON iTALK OR AMERICAN?TalWhy are we in-Treasonthis war?American Talk. We are in thiswar because Germany gave us "tqumany knocks. We were not quick Tofight. We said "please don't" manytime, but Germany would not stop.We are in this war because we arenot cowards.Treason Talk. i we keep quiet,Germany will not hurt us.American Talk. Germany has already hurt us. She has sunk ourships, killed our women and children,and told us to keep off the sea. Weare rich in coal, iron, steel, sugar,wheat, cotton, oil, copper and manythings that Germany wants. If wokeep quiet, she will come and takethem. She will take our money, too,to payfor her war.Treason Talk. But the governmenttakes our money now in taxes.American Talk. It is better to givea little now to our own governmentthan to have Germany take it all.Treason Talk. I have a good joband I get good pay. I do not wantto give any of it to the government.American Talk. If Germany getsthis country, you will have no joband no pay. You would have to worlslike a dog, and if you did not workyou would get a whip on your back.That is the way the Germans treatprisoners of war.Treason Talk. I want to save mmoney for my wife and children. Agood man thinks first of his family.American Talk. I know how theGermans treated the women andchildren of Belgium. To save myfamily from such a fate I would givemy life.Treason Talk. This is not our war.This is England's war.American Talk. This is America'swar, and England's war, and France'swar, and Italy's war, and the war ofevery honest nation that is nowfightingto save the world from thelust of Germany.Treason Talk. This is a richman's war.American Talk. The army and thenavy are full of rich men's sons. Therich have poured out their money forthe Liberty Bonds, for the Red Crosd,for the Y. M. C. A. and other waaids. They have cut prices but" notwages. This is a rich man's war anda poor man s war. we are all in itthe rich and the poor, the old andthe young, men, women and childrenTreason Talk. It is not fair thatthe poor should pay iriore taxes thanthe rich.American Talk. They don't. To saythey do is a made-in-Germany lieThe more money a man has the moretaxes he pays to the government.Treason Talk. German-Americansstill love the Fatherland.American Talk. If the Fatherlandwas such a good country, why arothere millions of Germans in thit?country to-day? When the warbroke out did the German-American.-rushto the ships to go back andfight for the Fatherland? They didnot.Treason Talk. Germany "wantspeace now. Why go on fighting?Let us have peace.American Talk. Germany does notwant peace. Germany wants a rest,so that she may be strong enough Dfight again. We will not stop thiswar until we have taken the gunsaway from the German soldiers; tillthere' are no more German submarines; till there are no more Zeppelins; till there are no more Germanairplanes or cannon or poison gas orbombs.ACID IN STOMACHSOUR THE FOOD ANDCAUSE INDIGESTION"Pape's Diapepsin" Fixes Sour,Gassy, Upset Stomachs inFve Minutes.You don't know what upset yourstomach which portion of the fooddid the damage do you? Well,don't bother. If your stomach is ina revolt; if sick, gassy and upset,and what you just ate has fermentedand turned sour; head dizzy andaches; belch gases and acids andeructate undigested food; breath fouland tongue coated just take a little Pape's Diapepsin to neutralizeacidity and in five minutes you wonder what became of the indigestionand distress:Milions of men and women to-dayknow that it is useless to have dyspepsia. A little Diapepsin occasionally keeps the stomach sweetened,and they eat their favorite foodswithout fear.If your stomach doesn't take careof your liberal limit without rebellion; if your food is a damage instead of a help, remember the quickest, surest, most harmless antacTd 'nPitpels Diapepsin, which costs onlyfifty "cents for a large .case at drugstpres. It's truly wonderful itstops food souring and sets things'straight, so gently an'd easily that itis really astonishing" Your stomachwill digest your meals if-you keepacids neutralized.- (adv)WilltflAVOJBEDirOPERATIONCanton, Ohio. "I suffered from afemale trouble which caused me muchouuciiug, aim twodoctors decidedthat I would haveto go through anoperation before Icould get well."My mother, whohad been helped byLydiaE. Pinkbam'sVegetable Compound, advised meto try it before submitting to an operation. It relieved mefrom mv troublesso I can do my house work without anydifficulty. I advise any woman who isafflicted with .female troubles to giveLydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound a trial andTt will do as much forthem." Mrs. Marie Boyd, 1421 5thSt, N. E., Canton, Ohio.m Sometimes there are serious conditions where a hospital operation ia theonly alternative, but on the other handso many women have been cured by thisfamous root and herb remedy, Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, afterdoctors havesaid'that an operation wasnecessary every woman who wantsto avoid an operation should give" it afair trial before submitting to such atrying ordeal.If complications exist, write to LydiaE. Pinkham Medicine Co., Lynn, Mass.,for advice. The result of many yearsexperience is at your service.SHOE POLISHESLIQUIDS AND PASTES. FOR BLACK, WHITE, TAN, DARKBROWN OR OX-BLOOD SHOES. PRESERVETHE LEATHER.He F. F. PALLET CORPORATIONS. JJMITED. BUFFALO. H. T.vmTiiA MAN AND HIS WIFECAKTOoklSTS HELP BOOST THIRDLIBERTY LOAN.The work of the foremost cartoonists of the country will be used during the sale of the Third LibertyLoan Bonds. Drawings will be usedin a wordless booklet and a dailycartoon service.The booklet, containing all of thecartoons, will be distributed by millions. .It "will consist onlv of drawings.' The cartoons will also be divided evenly between afteroon andmorning papers.m ) mThere is more Catarrah in this section of the courtry than all other diseases put together, and for years itwas supposed to be incurable. Doctors prescribed local remedies, andby constantly failing to cure with local treatment, pronounced it incurable. Catarrh is a local disease, greatly influenced by'constitutional treatment. Hall'sCatarrh Medicine, manufactured byF. J. Cheney &Co., Toledo, Ohio, is aconstitufional jehiedy. is taken internally and acts thru the blood onthe Mucous Surfaces of the SystemOne Hundred Dollars Reward isoffered for any case that ""Hall'sCatarrh Medicine fails to cure. Sendfor testimonials.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, 0.,Sold by all Druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for Constipation.(adv. March)may both derive satisfactionby having their worn "and soiledgarments cleaned by us. T3iecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgesicthat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy youA phone brings U3.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 Home Phone 169 2KAKAISER BILL ON HIS WAY TOHADES?"Uncle Bill" Schooler gets realwrothy in The Somerset News overthe continued presence on earth ofKaiser Bill, and takes it out on hisreaders in this manner:"Nearly every exchange that comesto our desk has been burdened withlengthy articles about Kaiser Bill, ofGermany, and tjie devil. The articlesin question run from an expose ofpersonal correspondence "betweenthese gentlemen, to Willie's trip tohell; and, subsequent revolutionbrought about down there by aforesaid visit. We are going to ease alot of minds, and put a quietus on th3whole row, by stating positively,that Kaiser Bill had been consignedto hell months ago by The Newsman. So, whoy worry about what heand the devil be doing?"The Right NumberWhen-you go out to make a call in personlyou alwaysassure yourself of the right address.In making a telephone call it saves a lot of time- andbother to be sure of the number.The absolutely sure way is to first consult the telephone directory not trusting to memory and thenli sten carefully when the operator repeats lack to youthe number, correcting her if she is wrong.Paris Hop Telephone S Telegraph Co.J. J. VEATCH,.' -Diitriot Manager.(Incorporated)W. H. CAIOT OH,'iHtl Manager.isa m m-The Colonel's ear is said to be pretty sore, but chances are he could stillhear a Macedonian cry to come outand take a fall out of the "War Department.This would be a good time to inelude the sheeD-killing doe:" in the.meatless days. -WHAT WAR SAVINGS STAMPSWH,L BUY FOR SOLDIERS.A single Thirft Stamp will buy atent pole or five tent pins, a waistbelt or hat cord, shoe laces or identification tags; two wilf buy one trenchtool or a pair of woolen gloves. FourThrift Stamps will buy two pairs ofcanvas leggins, six will buy five pairsof woolen socks or three suits-of summer underwear; twelve will buy asteel helmet.One War-Saving Stamp will buyone hundredcartridges or a cartridgebelt or a scabbard for a bayonet;two will purchase two pairs of woolen breeches o,r two flannel shirts;two and a half will buy a gas mask.Three War Savings Stamps will buyan overcoat or two wopien servicocoats; thE&e and a half will buy.threapairs of woolen blankets; - rour ruibuy a rifle. 'twin Bros. Department StoreSeventh ana main St$,Paris, KentuckyWe Invite Youex-To come in andamine our largestockofMillineryEtc.INew Ones Arriving Daily!BUY A THRIFT STAMP!The Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. ,Wett 5 StreetNow comes 'Lent -toHoover's conservation.help Mr.And -nodoubt. Mr. Garfield is cheerful by;the simultaneous arrival of zeroleasweather.r4 .lTlCurestMtYE?fci5 )and preventsTU most dangerous yu W if). of U baby chick dia- Tf lUiCltWely vjrorented. IIIHri IIIKflor cored. 'by patting s or 3 aropa otBwrbM taHrj taudyin the drlnldBK irater darlne tbafirst tea days.Caresgapei.ekqler-orehMd,roapBacora. jl wsbottle makes IS rlloM of medl--ctee.At dnwKlaU or Jby sailpostpaid. PoultryBoekFre.;JHL IBrxrSatisiadioiWitcfiwordis OtrWith all the latest improvements in' laundry.appliances and e'xpefthelpers we are prepijrMtcrdo work inferior $$none, and solicit your'patronage.Bourbon Laundry,ari KMtiicky.fcMUrteIUjfeC DfrtWv U lni, K&x-y-jyO'-" -vp.j&r- 'J.e ,-' 4Jr ."n -v.vr: "?gbX- '"i'1?n'7'"'v-rf e-'vicvrySy-. v ' 'S?3-.mjii.t TVa -THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.rFRIDAY, MARCH i, IMS.1Fltfr"STrT,,51B"Tr4if I IIHMI III 1 1-eSES-tHE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMO"v "-yvXFriday, March 8thLADIES' AND GOVERNMENT DAYtwo ladies will be admitted for one admission, plus the war tax.Adolph Zukor PresentsBillie Burke(By arrangement with F. Zeigfield, Jr.)in "EVE'S DAUGHTER"By Alicia Ramsey.- Scenario by MargaretTurnbull. Directed by James Kirkwood.A Paramount Picture.Also BILLY WESTinatro-part comedy, "The Millionaire."Saturday, March 9thAlbert E Smith PresentsALICE JOYCEand MARC McDERMOTTIN'The Woman Between Friends'A Vitagraph Blue Ribbon FeatureBy Robert W. Chambers.Also THE RIOT SQUADin Big V. Comedy"JUMBLES AND JOKERS"Monday, March 11thTHE PARIS FAVORITEDouglas Fairbanksi?. - A.Slik'Z !&&Kfei ,1 XTThe J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND EMBALMMRSF" 'in an Artcraft Picturet' -10CutiiForThe Moon"From the story by Anita Loos and JohnEmerson. We can't say too much for this.It's simply great.Mainand SixthStreetsParis Ky.Day phone 36Nisht : . . 56or Home 286r-itr, -9V'ryt.a 't-VMt Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to withLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.1 1 M'f 'f'ftfrM'M't 'Hf TT T TTWQ'RTTPPDllLiljiItai3UIllx iMiss Martha Smith, of Georgetown. College, spent the week-end athome. IMr. and Mrs. T. K. Smith, ofPari?, were guests Wednesday andThursday of Mr. and Mrs. JohnWright. jMrs. T. E. Bowles has opened aiBest flat.Mr. W. D. Wadell was in Cincinnati on business Wednesday andThursday.Mr. 0. E. Hurst was in Frankfort on business Wednesday andThursday.Mr. C. W. Corrington was inCincinnati on business, Tuesday and"Wednesday.Mr. E. M. Thomasson has been-confined to his home with illness forseveral days.- " Miss Louise Myall, of NorthMiddletown College, spent the weekend at home.Mr. and Mrs. R. T. Murry moved"from the property of Misses Griffith,on. Vlmont street, to the country.-"! - Mr. and Mrs. Edgar Hurst mov-- ed yesterday to the property recentlyw -tmc&ted by Mr. and Mrs. V. L. Barton. s Mrs. D. S. Allen and. daughtermoved Monday from their home, recently sold to Mr. V. L. Barton, toLexington.- Mr. and Mrs. G. W. Judy movedMonday from Lexington to their- property vacated by Mrs. SarahThorn and son.Mr. M. D. Hurst purchased of'""Dr. W. M. Miller the property occu-pied by himself and wife, on Eighthstreet, at a private price.Messrs. J. Will Clarke and famVily and Clarke Jones and family-" moved Thursday to their farms recently purchased near Bloomfield.Mr. James Howard and familymoved Wednesday from the property- of Mrs. Mattie Jones to that of Mrs.T Sue Sandusky, on Vimont street.Mr. and Mrs. G. W. Judy,"""Messrs. 0. W., E. M. and B. F.Ingrels -are at the bedside of theirbrother-in-law, Mr. T. E. Savage, atParis.Mr. Thomas Stone and family-moved from the property of Dr. W. M.Miller to that of Mrs. Mattie Jones,vacated by Mr. James Howard and-family.Mrs. Mattie Hawes, of Chicago,HL; arrived Tuesday at the bedside jof her mother, Mrs. America uuuer,who has been quite ill, but is some--wbat improved..Mr. Craycraft and family have- - moved from the property of J. H.Purnell & Co.. to that of Missesv -Griffith, recently vacated by Mr. and3Mrs. H. T. Murry.Mr. V. L. Barton and family- moved Wednesday to his property, re-"" cently purchased from Mrs. D. S.Allen, from that lately sold by himto Mr. O. R. Rankin.Miss Ethel Love Fisher, of the-Tirington College of Music, was aguest several days this week of her, parents. Dr. and Mrs. C. C. Fisher, attke Millersburg College.- NOTICE. I am prepared to do' dressmaking and earnestly solicit- your patronage. I guarantee perfectr-" 3tt nd good work. Please giveTne a7 . call. Prices reasonable.MRS.-H. J. FAITH,cGriftth Property, South Main Street,Formerly occupied by Mr. Dennis. McMahan and family.- Mr. and Mrs. 0. W. Ingels, Mr.maM. Mrs. S. M. Allen and family, Mr.I. R. Rogers and family, and Mr.J. M. Alverson and family, the latterrt-GoretoVn, will spend Sunday atl.Cm9 Taylor, Liouisvme, wiwi bit. j.-jHImi Imgels and other soldier boys.-NOTICE. Lhaye purchased theiatwrest of B. W. Ammerman, in thetm of D.E. Clarke & Co., and will.. -tia.ue business in the same old-U4. We desire to thank our pat-vfBs for their business in the pastjJL rust they will contlmue withm ia the future. We will endeavor. 1SiKe the same prompt service. In-t)M future we hope to operate afii 1 3 lii J system, 'as by so doing we. jiH Jm able to .sell to you on &-tWiir margin, and o business on less.'' vtmrtt1.' which will operate to, theourwgood of both of us. All personspersons knowing themselves to hp.indebted to the firm of D. E. Clarke& Co., will please call and settle atonce, as the business of the old firmmust be settled. Wishing all of ourpatrons much prosperity in the year1918, and hoping to enlarge ourbusiness by our close margin, promptservice to our patrons and the be'otqualities in our lines, that the market affords.I am yours for business,D. E. CLARKE.Mrs. Mary Foster, aged sixtyfour, died at her iiome Wednesdayabout three p. pi., after a few daysillness of pneumonia. Mrs. Fosterhas been in failing health all winter.She was seized with an attack ofgrippe about Christmas, from whichshe never recovered. About a weekopedf but the diseJe seemed to be inago symptoms of pneumonia devei-a mild form until Tuesdaynight,when she began to grow worse, rapidly sinking from that time until herdeath. She was formerly Miss MaryKenney, and her early life was spentnear Kiserton. At the time of her-death she was a widow, having beenthrice married. ' Her first husbandwas Mr. James Daugherty. On1daughter was oorn to this union, Mr?.McCarthy, who preceded her motherto the grave some years ago. Shewas afterward united in marriage toMr. Philip Mahar. Two sons, Mr.Philip Mahar, of Paris, and Mr.John Mahar, of Millersburg, and twodaughters, Mrs. Margaret Mitchelland Mrs. William Parker, of Paris,were born to this union. She wa3later united in marriage to Mr. Edward C. C. Foster, of Millersburg.Three daughters were born to thisanion, Mrs. Nettie Blackwell, otParis, Mrs. Malcom Armstrong, ofFarmersville, Va and Mrs. Nellie!Linville, of Millersburg, all of whomsurvive her. The greater part of herlife has been spent in Bourboircounty, though she resided for a shorttime in Nicholasville, also for a tim.in Winchester and Mt. Sterling. Shehas resided in Millersburg abouttwenty-five years. Mr. Foster preceded her to the grave about fifteenyears. She was a devout member ofthe Catholic church. The servicesi will be held at the Catholic church,at Paris, but the remains will be laidto rest by the side of her late husband in the Millersburg Cemetery.The funeral arrangements have notbeen completed.DEATHS, "NORMAN.The body of Wm. R. Norman, aformer resident of Paris, who died inCincinnati, Tuesday, was brought toLexington, Wednesday, and taken tothe undertaking establishment of J,H. Weihl & Son. The intermenttook place on the family lot in theCatholic Cemetery, in Lexington yesterday morning at eleven o'clock.The pall-bearers were James Gleason, John Luby, Charles Dodd, Thos.Ahearn, William Drummy and W. B.Stewart.Mr. Norman is survived by threesisters, Mrs. Miles McGrath, andMiss Maria Norman, of Louisvillo,and Mrs. G. A P. Harris, of Frankfort. Mr. Norman was the youngest sonof Mr7 and Mrs. John Norman, whoresided on Higgins avenue, in Paris,for many years. He spent most ofhis earlier years here, where he attended school with his brothers andsisters. The family moved to Lexington, where they resided for manyyears.SCHOOLER.Mr. C. C. "Schooler, aged flfy-elght, died at his home in Mt. Stei-4ling, Tuesday, after a short illness.Mr. Schooler was a native of Bourbon county, having been born andiaised near North. Middletown. Hemoved to Montgomery county manyyears ago, and located in Mt. Sterling, where he conducted a largewoolen mills for several years, retiring from business" on account of poorhealth.Mr. Schooler is survived, by his wifeand one daughter, 3Iise ChristinePricesSchooler, and one son, Mr. HarrySchooler, of Mt. Sterling, and onobrother, Mr. Wni. F. ("Uncle Bill")Schooler, editor of the Somerset SemiWeekly News. The funeral took placefrom the family residence in Mt. Sterling, followed by interment in Macpelah Cemetery, in that city."Cliff" Schooler was a talentedmusician, a man of genial impulses,a loyal friend, and one whom everyone liked.BERRY.Paris relatives were notifiedMonday of the death in Seattle,Wash., of Mrs. Bettie Welsh Berry,aged about forty-eight, after a shortillness.Mrs. Berry, who was a former resident of Paris, was previous to herillness, Matron of the Seattle PoliceDepartment. She was in Paris abouta year ago, while making an inspection tour of Kentucky jails andother penal institutions, making areport Jor the Government. She waba. daughter of Mrs. Carrie Welsh, ofParis, and a sister of Mrs. J. H.Fuhrman, Mrs. John Chisholm andMr. Wm. Welsh, of Paris. Besidesthese, she is survived by one sister,Mrs. Mary Johnson, of Washington,and one brother, Mr. John Welsh,of Montana, and one son, Mr. Eugene Berry, of Seattle, Wash. Thefuneral and burial took place inSeattle.The Junior Missonary Socety olthe Presbyterian church will holdtheir monthly meeting at the homof Miss Margaret Griffith, on Pleasant street, to-morrow. (Saturday)morning, at ten o'clock. All themembers are requested to be present, and to be on time. iThe Presbyterian church -willhold services in the court house Sunday morning at 10:45 o'clock, and atnight at 7:15 o'.clock. The subjectfor the morning services will be,"The Joy of Christianity." Thenight theme will be "The Call ofLevi." -The pastor, Rev. R. C. Goldsmith, will preach at both serviceson the next' Lord's Day, at the Bap-,tist church. Morning services at10:45; subject, "Christ Coming-inGlory." Evening service at7:00;subject, "Marred and Made Again.",Sunday School at 9:30. B. Y. P. U.Iat 6:15. IAt the prayer-meeting services at1the Baptist church next Wednesday (evening at 7:00 o'clock the general,theme of "The Palace Rooms of theKing," will be continued. The pastor will lead the services. .Next Tuesday afternoon at 2:3Q.in the parlors of the church, the Woman's Missionary Union of the Baptist church will hold its annual HomeMission meeting. A special offeringfor the years' Home Mission workwill be taken. A musical programwill be given. The pastor will address the meeting. Subject, "Kingdom Building."Mrs. Louise Loos Campbell, of!Lexington, State Secretary of the1Woman's Missionary Society of the ,Christian church, and Mrs. Stanley,'of Louisville, Associate State Secre-tary of the Young Women's Mission,Circle, wer& visitors in Paris thisweek. They were guests of the C. W. ,B. M. of the church, and both made,addresses at the meeting of that body.The Endeavor Society of thejChristian church will meet in thechurch parlors at the usual hour, jsix o ciock, sunaay nignt. a veryinteresting program has been arranged. The subject will be "MakingThe Most of Ourselves;" leader, Mr.Maurice Clarke. The orchestra willrender a musical program at thopening service.The service flag which has" beenordered for the Christian church 1-3expected to arrive here on March 11. jIf it arrives on time there will be apatriotic reception , and service onMarch 17. The flag will have thirtythree stars. Two members of the con.-gregation are "somewhere inFarnce." jThe Womens Society of the Chris-;tian church will meet in the Red!Cross sewing rooms in the courtl house next "Tuesday for an all-day,sewing, xne Dusinesa session win oeheld at 2:30 p. m.Recent additions to the member, m. i , - ,, . Iship of the Paris Christian churchwere Miss Lilly Williams, who re-!sides with Mrs. Mollie Rice; on Pleasant street, and Elmer F. Tackett, iwho is a member of Uncle SanTsarmy in one of the training camps. iThe, Christian Endeavor Societyof he Presbyterian church jvill meetSunday evening at 6:3,0 at4he courthrniRP ThA RiihifSp.t. trni"h1 "MatRELIGIOUS.ing The Most of Ourselves." Leader,,At the AlamoChildren 5c war tax lc; Adults 13c war tax 2c.At the Paris Grand -Children 5c-war tax lc; Adult 13c-war tax 2c.Colored persons, Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 10c- war tax lc.Miss Vallette McClintock. Reference,'Eph. 4-11:16.The Blues of the Endeavor Society of the Presbyterian churchwill entertain the Reds with a social,"Swap Party," at the Y. M. C. A.to-night. Come and bring somethingto "swap." Refreshments will beserved and a good time is assured."The Gospel Team," composedof A. L. Boatright, of Paris, F. M.Tinder, J. W. Jones, J. C. Bryan andLawrence Mitchell, of North Middletown, will hold a gospel service Sunday afternoon at 2: 3D o'clock at theBethlehem Christian church, and atthe Clintonville church Sunday evening at 7:00 o'clock.. The public iscordially invited to attend these services.. BIRTHS.To the wife of Mr. John Withers, near Hutchison, a son. Themother was formerly Miss NannieFlorence, of Harrison county.STOCK, CROP, ETC.-Three hundred dollars was paidby a representative of-the E. F.Simms Xalapa Farm, recently, for aspring gilt, Impersonator's WonderMaid 3d, at the Serpell sale of swineat Lexington.CLEANGREAT ROOM-MAKING SALEFinal Cut on Balance of Our, High GradeMEN'S, WOMEN'S AND CHILDREN'SWINTER FOOTWEARTo Make Room For Spring Footwear Daily ArrivingJust a Few of theLadies' Havana Brown Tan English$5.00 values atLadies' Tan Louis Heel Boots$6. 00 values-at :Ladies-Gun Metal Button$3,00 values atLadies' Black Kid and Grey ClothTop Boots $5.00 values atLadies' Gun Metal Bootsbutton and lace, at.Ladies' Assorted Small Size t A 1 qcShoes $4.00 values at. . .I.vJJ-l.SJDBoys', Misses' and Children's Shoes at Clearance Sale PricesLot of Men's Rubbers at 79c Lot of Ladies' Rubbers at 59cDANParis Or? atest Shoe StoreBUMMMWMWMtamMwmimww'MMWMiKmiiniJor fashionableCorresvondenceYour friends judge you byuse.Your letter is a personalcording to fashion's latest dictates.If you like distinctive styles in stationery, be sure tosee ourv(GW Spring StationeryIt includes all the latest conceits in shape, tint andtexture.rinmp. in nnH ap( the linp white if. is p.nmnlpt.p. Thpattractive numbers in our window show only a small part Pjof the extensive line we nowTELEPHONE YOUR DRUG NEEDSBOTH PHONES 50ARDERY DRUG COMPANY410 MAIN STREET PARIS, KENTUCKYSend That Next JobBourbon News. BestFINALMany Extraordinary Bargains That AwaitYou Here:$3.49$3.95$2.49$3.49$2.99Men's Tan English Shoes o A a$5.00 values at . $0.4iJMen's Patent English Nettletonand o neother makes, $7.00 values yo.&oMen's Gun Metal Button Walk-Over, 0 c Asmall sizes, at U.)UMen's Russ. Tan English Beacon j a A15-50 values at $4-WJMenVGun Metal Button o j a$3.50 values at $6.4?Men's Gun Metal Lace i aa$2.75 values at , fl.TOCOHENWhere Beauty ud Economy Reif &the style of stationery you 1envy. Let it be dressed ac-have m stock.of Printing to TheWork; Right Prices.tfjfigte?it fr r Iln&n It 1( viVUT , -&&H&-t?-v ii?"'351'''?' "".z-a -VstsVwnWiiiiiii ii ---- - -nmJJ9LJL!JLL. IMAJJlA.'ggjHllMbafc.'!V , - "! " t.