y -l1gL " rf . .W .PUBLISHEDEVERYtTUESIUY AND FRTOAY EN THE EAft.. -"u m n ij rv 'StVOLUMEiXXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JUNE 28, 1918vcs&mmnk. , , . - - ' " T,TTr0M-ffllM( 1 , UL. .J -, V -i . 1 ' " fllTil ttTfi ntfHMfWrn?Tim m aaaaaam aaaaaaaaaaaaa. aaaaaaaaaw aaaam aaaau aaaaaaaaaaaaaa' a j k. h w h hh b .aaaaaaaam. - a . ri. ni - -- .j .ir J. n n.fF h rirju nuui m i r- ww ,n . '-H H . m HBI .9,IN THE SERVICE OF THEIRCOUNTRY.4Capt. Parker Easley and Lieut.Banchey have returned to Ft. Thomas, near Newport, after a visit tofriends in Paris and Clintonville.Private Virgil Harney has returnedto his army duties at Camp Custer,near Detroit, Mich., after spending afew days in Paris and the countywith friends and relatives.mPrivate Clifton Arnsparger, who isstationed at Fort Hamilton, NewYork, is in Paris on a furlough for avisit to his mother Mrs. Clifton Arnsparger, and his brother, Mr. Will S.Arnsparger, on Mt. Airy avenue.Private Homer napp has returnedto Camp Zachary Taylor, after a visitto friends and relatives near Clintonville. Private Brown Buchanan, ofthe same vicinity, writes to friendsand relatives there that he is now atCamp Mills, New York, with the restof the Dr. Barrow Base HospitalUnit.tMr. Edward FitzpatricE, former attache of THE NEWS, who is now inthe navy, writes to a member of THENEWS force that he is stationed inthe Norfolk Navy Yard temporarily,while his ship, the Mississippi, is indry dock. Fitz states that the boysare very anxious to get out to seaagain, as being landlubbers doesn'tagree with them.Dr. J. T. Brown and Dr. J. A. Orr,of Paris, received telephone ordersWednesday to hold themselves inTeadiness to take service in the Medical Reserve Corps of the army. They-volunteered their services some weeksago at a meeting held here. Theyhave both received their commission,Dr. Brown with the rank of Captain.They do not know as yet to wherethey will be sent.The first man to enlist in the armyservice from the Forks of Elkhornsection of Scott county was Mr.John W. Burden, a son of Rev. JohnH. Burden, who formerly resided inParis. Young Burden has been promoted twice since he has been in theservice, being first a corporal, and-the second promotion to that of sergeant. He is a member of Co. M.,54th Infantry, stationed at CampWadsworth, near Spartansburg, S. C.He has been in the service for over ayear.W. 0. Pennington, formerly ofParis, who has been in the navalservice on the battleship Oklahomaand Mississippi, returned yesterdaymorning to Richmond, Va., where hewill report to the naval military police for duty. Mr. Pennington has"been in Paris for several days as aguest of his father, Mr. W. H. Penuigton, and other relatives. Duringhis stay Mr. Pennington presentedTHE NEWS 'man with a fine lot ofpost card marine views and souvenirs of life in the navy.Mr. W. C. Dodson, of Paris, received a letter Wednesday from Private Robt. W. Talbott, formerly ofParis, who is a member of Co. D.,54th Infantry, stationed at CampWadsworth, Spartansburg, S. C, inwhich he stated that Tie was receiving THE NEWS regularly, and enjoyed reading every line of it. Hesaid that the camp was a scene ofgreat activity these days, as preparations seemed to be making for moving a large number of men "somewhere," he knew not where.The following appeared in theWinchester correspondence of theLexington Herald, Wednesday:"Ford Fithian, of Charleston, W.Va., who was married to Miss Josephine Crone, of this city, has been called in the draft, and will leave Friday for camp. He and Mrs. Fithianare in Paris this week, where he willmake an attempt to be transferred tothe Paris Board. During his absence, Mrs. Fithian will make herhome with her parents, Mr. and Mrs.J. W. Crone."Mr. Earle Adams Clark, editor of"Trench and Camp." the officialVZ3LJ?Z. J!USlf...rtltaSSl!;; "" I VtV niorirNEWS office yesterday Mr Clarkthough m the service, does not yethear an official title, but is, nevertheless a good soldier, His paper isa neatly gotten up publication, devoted to the doings of the soldierhoys at Camp Taylor. Mr. Clarkewas enroute to the camp from a visitto friends in Carlisle. His 4rain being late he spent a few hours in seeing Paris, which he pronounced a"pretty little town."Corporal Grover C. Case, formerlyof Millersburg, and at one time connected with one of the telephone companies in this city, who is now stationed at Camp Wadsworth, S. C,aends THE NEWS the following original poem:THE GIRL I LEFT BEHIND MEDarlikg, when I am far away inFranceI ask you to always think of meand,prayThat I may have a chance.To leave you, darling, was hard, thehardest thing of all,But I am no slacker when I hear mycountry call.To be at home -with you, little girlIt is happiness tlat is true,But I can't see the Germans down theRed White and Blue. r . VDon'&adjSc tifis tra e, Iitt jJLA,COUNCIL PROCEEDINGSThe regular meeting of the ParisCity Council was held last night Tvitha full membership present.The first business taken up wasa communication to the Council fromMayor January stating that he hadvetoed the ordinance referring to therestrictions on granting building permits, fixing minimum costs on theconstruction of huildings, fixing thefire zone, etc. Motion to acceptcommunication and veto carried by avote of 5 to 2. Mayor January gaveas his reason for vetoing said ordinance was that he thought it was unconstitutional and had gotten theopinion of the Attorney General onthe question, as well as the sense ofa majority of the citizens, who didnot approve of it.A motion was made to accept theMayor's- veto, and upon a vote themotion was lost by a vote of 4 to 3.Vtoting "No" were Arkle, Christman,Doyle and Veatch; those voting"Yes" were Merringer, Kiser andNichols.The matter of the sidewalk -improvementon East Seventh streetwas deferred until next meeting withinstructions that City Attorney Dundon prepare an ordinance to fit thecase and present same for passageat the next meeting.A communication addressed to theCouncil of Defense of Bourbon County from the State Board at Louisville was read and received. Thecommunication requested the city tonot make any unnecessary improvements on the streets or city propertyor encourage any unnecessary use ofmaterial or labor, to conserve inevery way possible so as to aid thewar as far as possible.Another communication was received and recorded, which camefrom the property owners of Duncanavenue. The citizens stated theirwillingness to pay their proportiontoward the construction of a newasphalt street for that thoroughfare. A motion carried that willstart this work at once the Councildeeming this work as essential andbadly needed. The street will extendfrom Pleasant to Vine.Motion to require property ownersabutting along the sewer system totap said sewers, was carried.Bummer uniforms were brderedpurchased for the firemen... Thosebought for the police will arrivethis wee'k.Motion for placing electric fan inCouncil Chamber was lost.Communication from office of RoadCommission stating that no oil forthe purpose of setling the dust couldbe furnished. No oil only for thepreservation of roads that actually.required it could be had.Police telephone boxes reported ason road from Chicago, and sameshould be installed shortly.A motion was carried requiring allpolice to register arrests made whenretiring, from duty at night andmorning.An ordinance requiring retail furniture houses to pay a license of $35per annum was passed.The City Health Officer's salarywas placed at $400 per annum, as itformerly was, with additional payfor extra services.)fe Jm is.BIG STORM EXPLAINS OUR RECENT COOL SPELL.High winds, following heavy rainsall of Wednesday and Tuesday night,caused thousands of dollars damageto crops in Eastern Kentucky, acording to reports reaching Whitesburg. Corn especially suffered heavydamage. In some sections the damage, it is said, will cut the prospects'nearly one-half. Mountain streamsare running for the first time in several weeks.Make your own love true,Greet the boy in khaki when he comesMarching home to you.Throw you arms around him, let hijnKiss your sweet lips,And he will joyfully tell you allL l"kii- T?c? Yirj"kv A QT-f ill friTCLeonid like to be with you oftenThese beautiful, happy days,nQ makes e blue to tMnkawavSome day in the future this great warwill end,And the soldier boy who loved youWill come to you again.It is the duty of every girl who isLeft behindTo always remember the boy shelovedWho is on the firing line.He did not want to leave you, forHe's going to risk his life.But he is "a true American upholdingThe Stars and Stripes.I told you when I kissed you onThose lips of yours so sweetThat I was going to leave youAnd again we may never meet.Don't give up, my darling, if youLove ;me you will wait,If we don't meet again on this earthWe'll meet at the Golden Gate.Some girls are not so patientAnd will not wait so long.They will go and love a slackerWhen their soldier boy is gone.When he goes to fight his battleFor his country and for you,His heart is always restingOn the one he thinks is true.When he returns in years to comej jd finds that you was; false , .HtowrKole liewill,be ruined. X.I Amd bi's fiap&ness will be lost.TWENTY-SEVEN DRAPTEES P0RE003) ADMINISTRATION ISSUESCAMP TAYLOR TO-DAY.To-day, Friday, June 28, will markan event in the lives of twenty-sevenyoung: white men nfUn,, iwho, by the time this nanr iq thLI.T1?? order' which was trans-"thisstreets, will be enroute to CamnZachary Tavlor. neir T,miiwiThese young men are members of !H?!M!J?by the Provost-Marshall General.Bourbon's quota . being placed attwenty-seven, with thrde alternatesto act in case there should be anydelinquents. They -are all representative of the best citizenship of thecity and county, and after they havereceived their military training, willmake good soldiers..Pursuant to instructions issuedthem by the local Board of Exemption, the "boys" assembled at thecourt house yesterday afternoon, andreported at four o'clock to the Boardof Exemption, when they were giventheir final instructions and providedwith cigarettes, tobacco and otherarticles that will be of use to them.At 5:30 yesterday afternoon theyoung men were guests of the city ata supper given at Crosdale's Cafe,where they were regaled with goodthings to eat and made to feel athome. Addresses were made by several Paris speakers.At seven o'clock this morning theyoung men re-assembled at the courthouse, where they formed in line, andpreceded by the Liberty Drum andBugle Corps, the Board of Exemptionofficials, and citizens, they marchedto the Tenth street passenger stationof the Louisville & Nashville, wherethey entrained for Camp ZacharyTaylor. The train on which they leftcarried several hundred selectives,coming from different counties inCentral Kentucky. Those who leftthis morning were:Harry Hubble Chinn, (Captain.)Leslie B. Fitzpatrick.Willis Keith.Rolla Helthenstine.Will Rhorer.Ernest Watson.Robert Thompson Evans.Homer J. Hornback.Wallas Hibler.Herman Faulconer.Carl A. Schrote. 1Jake Earlywine.Walter Johnson.Wm. Everett Fryman-W. H. Dearing.Allen Curtis.Bernard J. Santen.Edgar Ward.t, .Clarence Rogers.George Fisher Collins.George Hugh Blythe.Roger Bivins.Stanley Jones Young.Justice Lee Guthrie.Sam McLain.George Carter.Edward John Wioods.McClure Crouch.Wm. J. Gorey, (volunteer.)Ill . IllNETTLET0N SHOESBKfABWe are sole agents in Paris for these shoes. They haveno equal wfeen it comes to wear, style and fit, and when youinvest your money in a pair of Nettleton Shoes you will getvalue received for every dollar spent.LOW CUT SHOES'-.In Tans and Blacks, Light WtightVici Kid and Tan Russia Calf StocksFor the man who wants comfort and ease, let him wearthe Torsic last, made only by Nettleton, Built so as toallow perfectjease and comfort when your feet are in theshoes.Buy Your Shoes From OurStore and Be Satisfied' !Dr. Reed's Cushion Sole Shoe sold only by us. 'iTheshoe made with the soft, velvet-like cushion sole the onlyshoes for the man with tender feet.MITflHFII &.4 uh 1 Wllr ,- , IVflWIIfei n Bourbonxcounty swiii ieav "-A, .,. .y ' Iday, July 1. CalV the . J. M;-C. A.- 1 vI-.iI-rs: ISBIvJM:-:::: IXI ZSRXaKIIKXlB:.: fort particulars. N ; M, -SWEEPING SUGAR ORDERInterestefi n&rttes in thin nitv "hmromm-. .e? or tne action of Mr.trinJ wi J? TT i ? LexlnSton, Dis-;r, rii f yfs Administrator, in issuing,VT X0Mr J5wence Mitcnell,iTT 3? VHuniy a Administrator,i" Z? Vaff re aav!selor tne ?e'lows:"TAKE NOTICE!"All users Of sugar in any form ofmanufactures, hotels, restaurants,dining cars, public institutions andpublic eating places generally, bakers and cracker makers and othersselling for consumption:"TAKE NOTICE!"Every person in the above listmust? before the first of July nextmake a statement and make a returnupon a form which will be providedhinj, giving the information requestedby r the Food Administration. Failure to do so will deprive such person' of the right to produce or to usesugar." J"The failure of the Louisiana sugarcrop, the reduction in the amomitofsugar importations, due to the short-'age of shipping a,nd the destructionof sugar stores in France and Italyhave decreased the available supplyto such an extent that only the mostcareful use will prevent famine before the new crop becomes available.To obtain justice in the distribution of sugar and to make the restrictive plans as effective as possi-jDie no manuiacturers or wnoiesaierswill be allowed after July 1 to sellany sugar except to buyers who present certificates from the sugar division of the United States Food Administration at Louisville, indicatingquantity they may buy. Heavy finesfor the violation of the regulation isprovided and the dealers' license maybe revoked and his stock "confiscatedif the Food Administrator discoversthat he is not living up to the spiritof the regulation.KIMBALFS CANDIDACY COMES ASSUBPBISE TO JAMES' PRIENDSThe friends of Senator James weregreatly surprised when they learnedthat Pres Kimball, of the SeventhDistrict, had filed his declaration tobe a candidate against Senator Jamesfor the nomination of United StatesSenator. They interpreted the actionof Mr. Kiniball to mean, in, part, thatin the event the physical conditionhi Kentucky's senior Senator wouldplace him out of the running, a thingthat is most unlikely, he -would haveclear sailing to obtain the Democraticnomination.Reports received from Baltimore,were that the Kentuckian is muchimproved. The acute attack of nepheritis and rheumatism from whichthe distinguished patient has beensuffering has disappeared. As soonas Senator James regains his strengthhe will leave the hospital.Are KnownFrom CoastTo CoastjIllRIAKFMflRFTHE W. S. STAMPS MASS MEET-ING THIS APTERN00N.There have been mass-meeting andparades in Paris, but Roxie Davis,the chief parader of them all, says'that the one which will' take nlaceafternoon, will be one that willeclipse any ever given in this city orthe county. And Roxie knows.Preceding the big mass-meeting,which will be held in the court houseat three o'clock this afternoon, thebig parade, which has been in theprocess of "making" for several days,will take place. The different divisions have been assigned positions,and the chairman of each has beengiven specific instructions by GrandMarshal Davis. The parade willform on the court house square attwo o'clock, when the chairmen areexpected to have their charges wellin hand and take the positions towhich they have been assigned. Thechairmen have been urged to see thatall is in readiness for an instant'sstart, when the word is passed alongthe line of march.The line of march will be southon High street, east on Ninthstreet, north on Main street to thecouft house, where it will disband.The Grand Marshal will be assistedin managing his parade by a longlist of assistants, who were designated in a previous issue of THENEWS.The mass meeting at the courthouse is expected to bring a largeoutpouring of people, who must beinterested m the success of Bourboncounty in the drive- for the sale ofthe county's quota in this campaign.An excellent musical program, inwhich the Community Chorus willparticipate, will be rendered. Addresses will be made by Rev. F. M.Tinder, dnd other well-known localspeakers. Every patriotic man andwoman in the county should make ithis or her duty to attend this meeting, which will be held for the purpose of creating enthusiasm and interest in the campaign, which closeswith this day's work. Bourbon mustsecure its quota, in order to keep upthe good record it has made in thepast in never failing in any phase ofwar activity it has undertaken.The following is the order in whichthe different divisions will appear inthe big parade, which will be one ofthe chief features of the closing dayof the campaign:Police Escort, Chief of Police .FredLink, Chairman.Liberty Drum Corps.Boy Scouts.Soldiers.Marines.Soldiers' Tobacco Fund, PearcePaton, Chairman.Red Cross Nurses, Mrs. G. W.Clay, Chairman.Ambulance of J. T. Hinton Co.Ambulance of G. W. Davis.Honor Guard Girls, Mrs. EdwardSpears, Chairman.Lady Horse Back Riders, Mrs. J.H. Thompson, Jr., Chairman.Red Star Society, Dr. H. M. Hamilton, Chairman.City Officials in Autos, Mayor E.B. January, Chairman.Fire Department, Chief UllmanLancaster, Chairman. 'County Officials in Autos, JudgeGeo. Batterton, Chairman.County Food Administration, Lawrence Mitchell, Chairman.Fuel Administration, J. H. Thompson nd H. B. Fithian, Chairmen.Liberty Loan, Withers Davis,Chairman.Red Cross Society, 'Mrs. M. H.Dailey, Chairman.Y. M. C. A., H. A. Power and T.H. Clay, Jr., Chairmen.Knights of Columbus, E. M. Costello, Chairman.Patriotic citizens in autos, everyone is a committee of one.Patriotic colored citizens, Prof. F.M. Wood, Chairman.Mr. Rudolph Davis, who will bethe Grand Marshal of the parade,rill be assisted by Deputy Sheriff J.O. Marshall, Dr. H. M. Hamilton,Frank P. Kiser, John F. Davis and"Sheriff Wm. G. McClintock and Postmaster J. Walter Payne.NOTED CASE ENDED.The action of the Court of Appealsin the case of Clay vs. Clay from theBourbon Circuit Court, which was decided by the Court last week, bringsto an end litigation that has been- inthe courts for a long while. The suitwas originally brought to recoverpossession of a farm of three hundredacres lying on the Winchester pike,,which had been sold by George Clayto S. Brooks Clay. The case has beenin the Court of Appeals for some timeand was settled by the suit of H.Clay Howard as committee of GeorgeClay against Brooks Clay to recoverth farm being dismissed. The-mandateof the Court was forwarded toMr. Brooks Clay's attorneys, Messrs".Talbott & Whitley, in this city, bythe Clerk of the Court.ON TO CAlft? BOONE.The time has once more" rolledaround for the week's camp at CampDaniel Boone, the Y. M. C. A. campon the Kentucky River at ValleyView. Unless you have attended oneof these camps you cannot realizethe beauties of the surroundingscenery, the good games of baseball,tennis, etc., that are held daily, andi v. mj Aa Tfcon fhp. divinerJkand the swimming are feature of the1 camp. The camp is for boys twelve5vts old and oier'The Paris andV , t, --,. --tii luva Unn.220,000 MOKE HEN ARE 01DE ,ED OPT JULY 22-25.As a further step toward carryiout the War Department's- pla& to"- "have 3,000,000 men under armsAugust 1, Provost Marshal GeaeralCrowder, Monday, called on all gor- 'ernors of all States except Ariaomand Illinqis for the mobilizatiom between July 22 and 25 of 220,109white draft registrants qualified S or,general military service.This call is expected to exhaustthe number of men in Class 1, available for active military service andwhen added to school requisitions -of23,246 men brings the total calls sofar announced for July to 243,4 83.To complete its program for the remainder of the present year the department will have to depend on the400,000 Class 1 registrants expectedfrom the June 5 enrollment amd the250,000 or 300,000 to be obtainedthrough reclassification now in progress. In the call announced New Yorkleads the list with 22,241 men; Iowais second with 17,649, and Wisconsinis third with 13,200.Kentucky is called on for 4,100who will go to Camp Taylor. In ad-dition to these 7,700 men from Indiana and 5,200 from Wisconsin willbe sent to Camp ZacTaary Taylor.RESOLUTIONS PASSED BY KENTUCKY UTILITIES CO AT -LOUISVILLEMEETING "BE IT RESOLVED, By the Kentucky Association of Public Utilities,in special meeting assembled at Lou-isville, Ky., on this, 23 day of April,1918', as follows:(1) Tha't it is the sense of thismeeting that Federal regulations offreight rates, cost of fuel and pricesof certain materials, required by public utilities, coupled with the factthat the speeding up of the war; program is dependent upon the abilityof our several utilities 10 renderproper service, makes our public util-ity problems national rather thanlocal in character.(2) That the increase in freigktrates, labor, fuel and supplies, during the last three years, and particularly during the past year, has become so burdensome that it is apparent that an emergency exists, requiring public utility commissions andother rate-making bodies, to make ageneral order, permitting utilities toattach riders to bills rendered onpresent schedules to cover unavoidablft .increase in--operating expMWiduring the present crisis withouWequiring an appraisal of public utility:properties, which would entail greatexpense upon both the public and theutilities, and merely seive to delaysthe relief so much needed at this,time.(3) That quitable rates should berfixed at this time, based upon thepresent market, prescribing some automatic scheme that will lower therates when lower markets are obtained.(4) That the chairman of thismeeting be, and he is hereby, authorized to appoint a committee for thepurpose of compiling information'touching the operation of the pu6licutilities of the State of Kentucky ,with authority to act in conjunction,with similar committtees representing public utilities in other States,in order to properly present the needsof the public utilities of the Nationto the representatives of our FederalGovernment, as well as to local authorities. That it is the sense ofthis meeting that said committeeshould deal with all problems nowconfronting operators of public utilities as war problems to be handledas a part of the Nation's war program. (5) That said Committee to be appointed by authority of these resolutions should give prompt support toNational Committees in their effortsto secure the following: (a) Ratessufficient to absorb the increasedcost of production service; (b) Relief during the period of the war of"all non-essential and unproductiverequirements, such as paving, underground wires, duplication and unnecessary extension of service; (c) Somepractical method or plan for financing public utilities as a part of theNation's war program; (d) Somepractical plan or scheme for putting vinto effect equitable rates based upon:the present market, prescribing someautomatic scheme that will lower therates when lower markets are obtained. .KENTUCKY ASSOCIATION OF PUBLIC UTILHTES, ' r ,J. B. Riley, Secy-Treas.(Signed) Harry Reid, Pres.A BEAL GUARANTEE.Let us show you a Cream Separa-tor that is sold on our "Money-Back""guarantee.(It) FARMERS' SUPPLY CO. vSNEAKS AT WORK.Thieves entered the home' of Mr. ,rWill H. Whaley, at the junction of-,the Bethlehem and Lexington turn-.pikes, just outside the city limits of"Paris, one night recently, aad rtitstracted a pocket-book, belonging toa young man on the place named D-laney. Nothing else about the ylacewas disturbed. The momev reprs-sentfed the savings of several montis, ,and had been placed in the yocketbook of young Delaney, with, tke im-tention of bringing it to towm ajMplacing it in a fcank. But tie tkieCevidemtly got wid of tfce innatf cthe momty im the jmhmm, sm mam acleaa sw y. No ehik.vSIv . - "ft& ; w r-lftaimnfrin-a..UKLMaMMaMtaW"UZTWOm BOURBON NEWSSfctaalisned 188136 Years of Continuous PublicationJWdishecL Every Tuesday and Pridayr Year. ,?2.00 S Montns. .$1.00Payable in Adavance.WIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.Any erroneous reflection upon the- ifcinrfiir standing or reputation ottttBjr person, firm or corporation which..jay appear in the columns of THEOURBON NEWS will be gladly cor-Ttqbl if brought to attention of thetttor.ADVERTISING RATESdisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perjfmak. for first time; 50 cents per inchmt&i subsequent insertion.'Reading Notices, 10 cents per liner-Mch. issue; reading notices in blackstje, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candi'rtrt'nV obituaries and resolutions, andtoofanil&r matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertiseMats 'and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reserved'- '-'3m 4ecllne any advertisement or otherf soBtter "for publication.Asto.ounoeaients for political officesusfflwBt invariably be accompanied bywfck cash.- This japcr has enlisted"'nththe government in theycause of America for theperiod -of the war" EDITOSIAI MUSINGS. '-Good Old Summer Time.Could the fabled land of Paradise.&e much more fairer than is the' 'country around Paris just at thistime of the year? Perhaps the longamd tedious winter through whichwe passed some time ago has height-ed our appreciation of this seasonwroZlmd and blossom, for we enjoy all"' idlings by contrast, and perhaps3this passing from the snow and thev nocfld of winter to the warmth and- Trerdure of summer at -a single bound,' salmost, is unprecedented in the mem-rxy o even "'the oldest inhabitant.""2t -produces an unwonted thrill ofpleasure.At any rate they may talk of thepurple haze of Italy, the vine-cladJSill of France, the sea-green tints of-the Emerald Isle, the quiet lanes offfifngla-nd, fragrant with their blossoming hedgerows; but whoever willise early enough these mornings andtjet out into the country 'around3Paris-will not exchange it for any ofxaEhem, and "besides they can get thejeasence of all these things, and notgo out of the good old county ofTJBourbon.No seagrit island can boast afresher green than can our foliage-xnd grass after the recent life-givingrains. The air is 'vocal with thesongs of birds and odorous from theblossoming trees. '"Flowers of every'Sane are in full bloom everywhere,springing from their retreats toCoring to our hearts bright promise" vlor the morrow. All Nature seemsr5BStin.ct with life and hope.Come, then, all those who are in-'36jair and sorrowful. There is a-7j8ast spread out for you just for the"Staking. It is yours without price."IDon't spend these precious mornings. massing on your couch, hoping therT doctor will 'find a panacea for yourr-ifiB, or 'that something will turn up' Jty2issipate the gloom."Go out to meet these healing, in-- -yspiring Inflences which Nature isfroviding for your relief. Open your-Flungs and hearts to her sweet breathnd words of cheer, and a balm morepotent than any ever patented bytoszl. Take a boat ride up beautifulJStoner, if you want to get something-of the joy -of life in ybur veins. You-will be glad that you are alive, andan this county, and that it is such- a "beautiful season of the year.The Bluegrass Crop.The bluegrass season just closedlias been practically a successful one'3n Bourbon county. This county, asnnuch vas any other in Central Kentucky, has at all times, been at theSiead'of this industry, one which hasin. its scope taken in many foreign-countries for its market before the-rar.When the farmer wishes to saveseed from his blue grass fields hetakes the stock out of the fields earlyin May The seed is generally ready"for the harvest early in June. Theharvesting is done by "strippers,"irhlch are either horse-drawn machines with rollers on them which' -strip off the heads and dump themInto carriers, or small hand machines.The operation is familiar to most ev-jsryone. Most of the seed is gathered,of course, by the large machines, but-when labor was plentiful, boys, andren men and often girls, made good-wges gathering the seed by meansoT the small hand strippers.After the heads are stripped outtfcy muet be spread out to dry. This-work-is usually done i a large Afield,-wCfhe ed being raked into long Tows:Theyr-are stirred frequently withfofksor rakes ji until ready, forthesacks, when tthe-seed is sent to; thecleaning plants. Eight to ten days arerequired usually to dry the seedsufficiently and its vitality is largelydependent upon the care that is exercised during this drying period.Bluegrass seed seldom contains anygreat quantity of weed seed, but, ofcourse, has some. At the early dateat which the seed is harvested fewweed seeds are ripe, but the farmerwho is saving seed owes it to himselfand to the other farmers to see thatthe fields from which he gets the seedare as free as possible from weeds.After the seed is harvested stock isturned in the fields to eat down thegrass remaining.A visit to the fields during thebluegrass seed harvest is one of themost interesting sights a laymancould witness. It is a scene of activity from morning to night. Often atnight the men, who camp in thefields where they have been workingthrough the day, entertain the visitors with music, songs, dancing andother forms of amusement that proveenjoyable.A Season Tor Harvests.Not all the wheat in this countyis in the shock, but a great deal ofit has been taken in under skieswhich threatened just enough tomake the harvesters hurry, and under a son which turned the emeraldfields to gold fast enough to bringthe binders to the field a trifle earlier than usual. One of the greatestdrawbacks to the growing of smallgrain is the frequency of protractedwet weather in June and the tendency of wheat and oats to fall downunder the weight of water. Muchof the harvesting has been done under favorable conditions, and a drivealong the roads in any directionfrom Paris or from any other CentralKentucky city will show such awealth of grain that the beholderwill be astonished. The yield thisseason indicates that old Bourboncounty is going to have some hand inswatting the Kaiser and his hordesby furnishing a large proportion ofthe staff of life for consumption ofour soldiers and the Allies.' Clean 'Em Up!Many back yards are an abomination to the eye and nose. One findsin them all sorts of litter and refuse,from oyster cans to old boots. Herethe slops of the kitchen are pouredto increase the odor which ought towarn every thoughtful person of malarial influence breeding there, tobreak out eventually in fevers ordiphtheria. If a member of the family dies from one of these diseases,his death is probably lamented as a"mysterious dispensation of Providence," but the minister would say ifhe were to visit the back yard, thatdeath was caused solely by a violation of the hygenic laws.Mercy to Dumb Animals.If everyone who owns or cares fordogs would see to it that the animalshave plenty of water to drink duringthe summer months there would befewer cases of rabies. There aredoubtless hundreds of peole to whomthis simple precaution never occurs,and who just take it for grantedthat their canine friends can, ofcourse, find water somewhere whenever they are thirsty. This appliesto other animals as well, but dogsare the principal sufferers.ALL MUST BE ACTION.After all has been said and done,this war is plainly a survival of thefittest. Fine sentiment and fine feelings will not win.' There is but oneroad and that is to become morepowerful than the enemy. It is mightand nothing but might. The lastounce of strength must be put intothe contest. What each individualgives counts in forming the grandaggregate, which, if large enough,will win. If the armies of our Alliesand our own can hold out and stillhave considerable more power leftuntil the foe exhausts his forces,we will win. If we cannot hold upuntil this time arrives, we lose. Theimportance, then, of adding everybit, no matter how small, is apparent.Every little added, be it food, moneyor man power, makes just that muchmore and altogether will make thegrand total which, from sheer might,will win.Hesitation, dawdles and delaysmust be swept aside. All must beaction intense, constant, never-ceasingaction bold and intrepid, striking straight for the goal an armyand a navy of, strength, such as isinconceivable to our present state ofmind must be the object of our people. The most direct way for you. andevery other man, woman and childto commence to add your might tothe grand total of might which thisnation (must bring to bear, is for youto put every cent of money you canin War Savings Stamps.WILL .FORM PAPER CONSERVATION SECTION.The War Industries Board willform a paper section to handle allmatters relating to the paper industry. Conservation plans are now being worked out by the Board and theFuel Administration. It is said theentirei ndustry will be reorganizedwith conservation the chief factor.Officials say it is not likely therewill be any curtailment of the newsprint industry, but other brancheswill come in for curtailment or readjustment. -" 'THE BOURBON NBW& PARIS, KY.GOVERNMENT 10X1830,000,000SILVER DOLLARS.About 30,000,000 silver l dollarshave been melted into bullion" ormutilated by the government underthe new silver act, the Treasury hasreported. Negotiations are underway with the British governmentand other allies for export of themetal tb be used in coinage.Printing of new Federal ReserveBank notes of $1 denomination to replace the withdrawn silver will startsoon.For Rent.Three nice unfurnished rooms forrent. Apply to(tf) ERNEST MARTIN.For Sale.Good second-hand Milwaukee Binder. First-class order. Apply toJ. M. CALDWELL,Cumb. Phone 616 Paris, Ky.(11-tf)FOR RENT.Cottage of 4 rooms, bath, kitchenand laundry. Front room can beused for office. Two rooms upstairs.Location, 623 Main street. Apply toMRS. J. B. NORTHCOTT,(tf) High Street.Help Wanted.Girl and boy wanted. Good wagesand nice work. Apply toELECTRIC DRY CLEANING CO.,(21-2t) Fifth Streeet.Ford For Sale. fA good 1917 model Ford in A-lcondition. For price and particulars, inquire atA. V. DOUGLAS' GARAGE,(4-tf) Paris, Ky.IRONWe pay highest prices for ironjunk, hides and wool.MUNICH & WIDES & CO.,Eighth St., Paris, Ky.fCumb. Phone 374.(23-tf)NOTICE!Bids Received Up UntilNoon, July 5, 1918,on BuildingSanitarySewersParis, Bourbon County,Kentucky.Sealed proposals will be received atthe office of the Mayor of Paris, Bourbon County, Kentucky, up until 12o'clock, noon,JULY 5, 1918,for the furnishing of materials andconstructing a system of sewer ofabout two miles of pipe ranging from8 inches to 15 inches in diameter,together with manholes and necessary appurtenances.Alternate bids will be received forthis improvement, viz:FIRST For furnishing of all laborand materials to complete the work.SECOND For furnishing the necessary labor (hauling all materialsfrom the railroad siding to the siteof the work), teaming, tools, etc.,and making the necessary excavation,laying pipe, constructing manholes,etc.THIRD For furnishing all materials, sewer pipe, iron pipe, cement,brick, etc., F. O. B. cars, Paris, Bourbon County, Ky.Each bid must be accompanied by acertified check payable to the City ofParis, Ky., for a sum of 5 of theamount of the bid. Certified checksaccompanying rejected proposals willbe returned.If any proposal be accepted theparty or parties making the sameshall execute the contract and furnish the required bond, satisfactoryto the City of Paris, within ten (10)days after receiving notice. For failure so to do,-the certified check whichaccompanied the proposals will beforfeited to the City of Paris.All bids shall be in accordance withthe plans and specifications for thework on file at the office of the Mayorat Paris, Ky.and at the office of J.A. Stewart, Civil Engineer, No. 1,113Traction Building, Cincinnati, Ohio,from whom copies of said plans andspecifications may be obtained bymaking a deposit of $5.00 whichamount will be refunded upon return of same on or before the 15 dayof June, 1918.The City of Paris, Ky., reservesthe right to reject any part of a proposal or any and all proposals.(Signed)" , f: E. B. JANUARY,' ,'.,- -o f " - Mayor.For Sale or Rent.One 16-horse-power Garr-Scott engine in' good condition. Call on oraddress,MRS. JACK WOODS,206 West Eighth St., Pars, Ky.(18-tf) Home Phone 397.ftsMaster's Sale!BOURBON CIRCUIT COURTMikeStathis PlaintiffVs. Notice of Sale.Angel Panetsos DefendantUnder and by virtue of a judgmentand order of sale rendered at theJune term, 1918, of the BourbonCircuit Court, the undersigned Master Commissioner, onSaturday, June 29,1918at about the hour of 10 o'clock a. m.,in the restaurant room of the Fordham Hotel, on Main Street, in Paris,Ky., will sell at public auction to thehighest and best bidder, so much ofthe following described property tosatisfy twice the amount of plaintiff's judgment, interest and costs,to-wit:All of first party's interest, being one-half, in all the propertyconsisting of and used in the restaurant business by first party atthe Fordham Hotel building, Paris,Kentucky, including 11 tables,30 mirrors, 52 chairs, 4 marblecounters, 2 range stoves, 1 cashregister, 3 refrigerators, 1 cigarcase, 3 coffee boilers, 3 electricfans, all knives and forks andplates, napkins and table clothsand all other articles of personalproperty used in said business andall of which is now located in saidFordham Hotel building.Said sale will be made upon acredit of six months, the purchaserto execute bond with good surety tobe approved by the Commissioner,bearing interest at the rate of sixper cent, per annum from date of saleuntil paid, having the force and effect of a judgment. The purchaserwill be privileged to pay cash andavoid the execution of bond.The articles above described willbe sold separately.Said sale is made for the purposeof satisfying a sum of $700.00 withinterest from the 12th day of September, 1917, together with costs,all of which is estimated as of thedate of sale at $825.00.O. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner B. C. C.(june25-28)A. F. WHEELERSSUMMER SALE!VNew Iceberg RefrigeratorsSave IceA few more Refrigerators left andwe are giving a nice discount off forcash.New Process Gas StovesAt a Big Saving in PricePorch Hammocks For You to Makethe Rest. $9.50 up to $22.00.A. F. Wheeler Furniture Co.Main and Tnlrd Sts.UiMiyLic SALEBusiness PropertyOn Wednesday, July 3, 1918,theVono Se" at PUbliC aUCtion' for H' J' .. . ?Ais Property wiU be. sold separately and then as a whole and thebest bid or bids accepted.?'A7Ty"story brick business house on the corner of Eighthand High Streets; front room 27x16 feet, and two back roomsmt N 2, Two"story brick business house on High Street, 2ix52 feetThese houses have concrete floors and are absolutely rat proofT,anvI?nSvLaildn T !?? "? ?2 feet BlshUl Street,' extendingback 50 feet. On one of these lots is a small brick house, formerly usedas a restaurant and readily rents for $10 per month.This property is admirably located for all kinds of business, beinsone of the best cash business stands in Paris.The vacant lots are especially desirable as sites for business housesbeing centrally located.TERMS One-third cash, balance in one and two years. Deferredpayments bearing interest at 6 per cent, per annum until paid.HARRIS(21-4t)EXECUTOR'S SALEValuable Business Property!As executor of the estate of W. T. Ficklen, deceased, I will sell atpublic auction, on the premises, on Main Street, onSaturday, June 29, 1918,beginning at 2 o'clock, the two story brick business building belonging toestate of the late W. T. Ficklen, located just in front of the Paris CourtHouse.This is one of the best located and most desirable business propertiesin Paris. The lot has a frontage on Main Street of 45.7 feet ,more or less,and extends back to Pleasant Street a distance of 220 feet, more or less.On the Main Street frontage is located two store rooms and an entrance to the upper floors of the building, which is divided into numerousliving rooms.' The Pleasant Street frontage is improved with a hitchingstable, work shop and driveway.This property is of suflicient size to make it particularly desirable foran up-to-date garage, or for a modern retail business block. The rearof the property, fronting on Pleasant Street being also well adapted forbusiness purposes.TERMS One-third of the purchase price cash in han;d; the balancedue and payable in equal installments in one and two years, the deferredpayments-to bear interest at the rate of 6 per cent, per annum. A lien willbe retained to secure the payment of said deferred payments, .or purchaserimay pay all cash, at his option, and stop interest.Following the above sale at 2 p. m., on the premises, opposite theCourt House, the household and kitchen furniture, etc., will also be sold.This will include a lot of bric-a-brac and an innumerable' collection ofvarious articles. Also a lot of bees and honey.GEORGE W. STUART,Executor of W. T. FICKLEN, Deceased.HARMON STITT, Attorney.M. F. KENNEY, Auctioneer. ,(11-18-25-28)Summer RestBy Getting AKitchen CabinetWe are making a Ms cutfor cash during these hotsummer days; Let us showyou how you can save moneyby buying nowThe SellersKitchen CabinetKatmwru,STW5ICHAS. GREEN, Manager' j. tfl3At, mm , itu-o& SPEAKES.OFOppitltt Curt Histai FRIDAY, JTJN1 iffallt. -WBWIiftPteliii f TTV' jj.sfli1,- j3T Ikr - - JI SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Conines and GoiMfs of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.r-vt cjiyVTreadx.. StandardsWhy is it that United States Tiresare setting new records for mileageand serviceability?Why is it that the sales of thesetires are constantly mounting byleaps and bounds ?The answer is found in the factories where United States Tires aremade.Standards of construction forthese tires are higher than ever before known in the tire industry.Makers of tire fabrics tell us thatthe standards we have given themfor United States Tire fabrics are)higher than any previously known.'Likewise through every processof construction from crude rubberto finished tires we have set new,and higher standards everywhere.These standards work out on yourcar in the practical economy demanded by war-times.United States Tires will raise any.car to higher efficiency.There is a type to suit every condition of service. jThe nearest United" States Sales'and Service Depot dealer will cheerfully aid in selecting righttires foryour requirements.United States Tires'mm I are Good Tires -i.We KNOW United States Tires are GOD tires. That's why we sell them.IRA PARKS & SON arls, Ky.MILLERSBURG HARDWARE CO Millersburg, Ky.J. W. MITCHELL & SON North Middlttown, Ky.POOD ADMINISTRATION INCEEASES PRICE OF WHEAT.WASHINGTON, June 27. Blanketauthority to increase the price ofwheat at primary and other markets,with the approval of Food Administrator Hoover, above the $2.20 abushel minimum price guaranteedby Presidential proclamation lastFebruary 21, is given the Food Administration Grain. Corporation inNew York by an executive order ofthe President. The order issued un-MARGOLEN'SAll FruitsVegetablesfishand Meatare kept inside our store inseparate refrigerators everything screened and freefrom dist and flies.JBuy where edibles .are.kept in a sanitary' Jman- .her. Our "service ais: Jprompt. .: v .der authority of the Pood ControlLaw was made public Monday by Mr.Hoover. To carry out the tmrnnse ofthe order the corporation is authorized to increase its -capital stockfrom $50,000,000 to $150,000,000 inshares of a par Talue of $100 each.All the stock will be owned by theGovernment and will be purchasedby the Pood Administration frojntime to time, as the necessity arisesto maintain the present $2.20 priceand any increases authorized.Wjhile no explanation of the orderwas given either at the Pood Administration or the White House, twoconsiderations were believed to haveinfluenced the President's decisionto permit the grain corporation topay higher prices for wheat. Thefirst was the increased freight rates,which will become effective Tuesday.Growers must bear this increase andwithout an advance in the price ofwheat their profits would be materially reduced.The second was believed to be thesituation resulting from the deadlockin Congress over the Senate's amendment to the annual Agricultural ApDroDriaion Bill, increasing: the mini-imum guaranteed price for wheat toz.ou a Dusnei. me nouse nas refused to accept the amendment andthe Senate is to vote on it again thisweek. In some quarters Mondayit was believed that the President'saction would be a factor in influencing the Senate to -recede from theamendment.Mrs. Phil M. Heller, Sr., is veryill with spinal trouble at her homeon Second street.Mr. and Mrs. Clarence Ashursthave as guest Mrs. W. A. Calloway,of Jersey City, N. J.Mr. Alexander Howard, son ofMr.- Uli J. Howard, of Covington, is aguest of Paris relatives.Miss Genevieve McCarthy, ofRichmond, is a guest of the MissesRourke, on Nineteenth street.Miss Annette Posner, of Cincinnati, is a guest of Mr. and Mrs. Chas.K. Posner, on Seventh street.Mrs. Walter Martin and children have returned from a visit tofriends and relatives in Lexington.Mrs. Carrie F. Stone has returned from a visit to friends and relatives in Cincinnati and Louisville.Mr. Catesby Woodford, Sr., hasreturned to his home near this cityfrom a business trip to Knoxville,Tenn.Misses Clara Belle O'Neill andNannie Brent O'Neill are visitingtheir brother, Mr. Prank O'Neill, inPhiladelphia.Mr. and Mrs. B. L. Wise, guetsof Mr. and Mrs. W. K. Griffin, onCypress street, have returned to theirhome in Ravenna.Mrs.. Henry J. Behrman has returned to her hopie in Newport, after a visit to Mr. and Mrs. J. W.Bacon, on Cypress street.Mr. Keith Phillips, of Memphis,Tenn., is a guets at the home of Mr.and Mrs. James Douglas, on Mainstreet, where his wife is spending thesummer.Mr. John B. Mackey and Mr.Ed. Shannon, of Cincinnati, areguests of the former's parents, Mr.and Mrs. Sam Mackey, on SouthMain street.Mr. and Mrs. Ford Fithian arehere from Huntington, W. Va., fora visit to the former's mother, Mrs.Edward Fithian, and 'family, on Mt.Airy avenue.Miss Elizabeth Lilleston, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Louis Lilleston,is visiting her grandparents, Mr. andMrs. J. T. McGrath, and other relatives in Harrodsburg.Prof. M. A. Comack has arrivedfrom San Antonio, Texas, to spendthe summer vacation with his parents, Mr. and Mrs. Patrick Comack,and family, on Eighth street.Mr. and Mrs. LuncefordTalbottand daughters, Misses Lena and Mary"Talbott, have moved to the Prof.Hendricks property on Seventhstreet, which they recently purchased. Mrs. Edward Combs, of Paris, isa patient at the Good Samaritan Hospital, in Lexington, where she recently underwent a surgical operation. She is getting along verynicely.The Maysville Bulletin says:"Mrs. Belle Adair and Mrs. John G.Towles, of Paris, Ky., returned homeMonday, after spending a few weekshere with Mrs. Adair's brothers,Omar and Aimer Dodson."Misses Elise and Freida Hellerare at home from Newport and Maysville, respectively, where they havebeen teaching, to spend the summervacation with their parents, Mr. andMrs. P. M. Heller, o-n Second street.Dr. S. P. Mohney, secretary ofthe Kentucky Association of Chiroprattors, will leave this eveningto attend a convention of that organization which will be held Saturday at the Seelbach Hotel, in Louisville. Miss Fay McWhorter, who hasbeen a guest for several weeks at thehome of her grandfather, Mr. GeorgeW. Morrow, near Clintonville, hasgone to Richmond to attend thesummer school at the Eastern Kentucky Normal School.Mr. and' Mrs. Roger Q. Thomson, who have been guests of Mr.and Mrs. John T. Hinton, on Highstreet, left Wednesday morning forHendersonville, North Carolina, tospend the summer with their daughter, Mrs. Robert Cain, formerly MissKatie Graham Thomson.Miss Julia Turner, daughter, ofMrs. Edward P. Turner, is confinedto her room at her home on the Clintonville pike, with a sprained ankle.Miss Turner was walking in thefront yard at her home, when herfoot turned on a small pebble,spraining her right ankle. The injury will confine her to the house forsome weeks.(Other Personals on Page 5.)GOVERNMENT WANTS SKILLEDMEN IN CEMENT WORK.-IT I,IttnRGOLEfi'SwQSfqsSEttStimMeat MarketThe Department of Labor at Washington wants to know if men, whoare experts in the clay,, lime and cement industries, and competent engineers in Kentucky Are patrioticenough to donate their services tothe i government a few. days out ofevery week. -These men are to actas field inspectors and, when possible, to suggest more efficient, jmeans ofmanufacturing the product. Theanswer whether in the affirmative ornegative, is left to the men who arefsjmiliar with this kind of work Applications for this work should besent to-President Frank L. McVey,of the TJnireeity of Kentucky, who is! the chairman of Mthe United States' PuMiclSerrJceReserre in 'Kentucky;M1CK1E SAYSBM-LfcIE..fAM YE?0C iP $ONe o? -thsCOP JEST UK& if COMESIN. Wl-rHOU-r hA&WMM kinCOR-RfcCrriONS f46R. UKhinSOME. Q& THfc ttrfcujecfoM.uGH-rs AaouM -tvus uer&NECK O THE WOOOS'O LOSETHEvt aEPvnwfON& PBft.SeiN E.DCMC ACTEDI NlVOhjt v2f7 jKr ttJZ.- V. fcvr i- t mt- -.BETJEVES kEHTUCrr witxPLEDGE WAR STAto QUOTAJ. D. Lyon, of Pittsbure. directorof the War Savings Committee andin active charge of the five Federaliteserve districts of which Ttentiinlnris part, after perusing reports from.Lu .Kentucky counties expressedconfidence that Kentucky wouldreach its full quota of $50,000,000in tne pledge campaign which closesto-day.Reports of county chairmen toDirector James B. Brown the tiastweek have been encouraeine. At thebeginning of the campaign the majority of the county chairmen reported to Mr. Brown that so closelvfollowing the Liberty Loan and Redt-ross drives it would be impossibleto secure pledges of the ouotas allotted to them, but as the campaignprogresses the task seems to becomeeasy for each county, although theentire State quota is twice as larereas the third Liberty Loan subscription, as the war savings quotas arebased upon population and the Liberty Loan quotas upon bank depos. m m mU. S. GOVERNMENT COMMANDEERS ALL STEEL AND IRONEvery ton of steel and pig iron inthe country virtually has been commandeered by the government forwar purposes, and any surplus remaining after the war needs are met,will be distributed under strict government supervision.This was learned officially following a publication in New York of apeeting there attended by the chiefsteel men of the country and J.Leonard Replogle, director of steelfor the War Industries Board. Atthat meeting Mr. Replogle announcedthe government's new policy to guarantee a constant supply of steel forthe nation's war activities. He toldthe steel men they would be required to devote their entire capacity towar orders and they signed a pledgeagreeing to this program. ,wmmm m mmmmmtmmmmm mmmm m wmmQHvij.ioftfl- .MlKT'.J)Aiil'Mfi ir IZZh?&Keen your skin from erowins oldin looks withMARINELLOOae application lightens skin four or five shadef.Removes dinsiness. Leaves skin clear andsmooth. Noimtation or injury. PreparationsxornomaoM or ireatmenu oyour expert.M.A.PATON'V-V-. -1V Si "" :bbV " SB WK "." IBBB ".f SJBBBI VIff You we Thinking About aPipeless Furnaceand want it properly installedlet us figure with you.Satisfaction guaranteed, We are.agents for the Laurel Furnace..None better.N BWe are also exclusive agents for theVIKING CREAM SEPARATORSCall and let us show them to you.LOWRY&MAYa i :Are YOU As PatrioticAs Your NEIGHBORS?Mothers, Fathers, Wives andSweethearts have given uptheir boys. These boys require supplies; The Government requires money to winthe war and asks you to loan'every dollar you can. Everydollar helps. Do your part.Buy War Savings Stampsevery week.Daugherty BrosSend That Next Job of Printing to The?Bourbon News. Best WorkRight PricesLet the Depth ofHbur Pocket Showthe Depth of YourPatriotism.'.VSi - -:i .- mcAmerican boysmud dodging deathWhile you are at home tonight, many"over there" are out in the ram and mmfrom bomb and shrapnel.While you are enjoying your evening cigar, some American soldier may be smoking his lastThe boys in the trenches are risking their lives for you;and you are not even asked to nsk your money forthem. But you are expected to Joan your moneyloanit at four per cent compound interest the highest ratethe Government has ever paid.Pledge yourself to buy War Savings Stamps on or beforeJUNE 28thNational War Savings Daypie more, money you lend the Government the soonerthe. wr will end and the less American blood wH behed.02 National War Sayings Comrakfaikn.h't- -:JLfcrfef ftfctWar.lr$ ,Logan Howard and S. E. Bedfordv--?-."iitett! . -?-.&kIv4ir. r- : - f r jJ.. feJt!watf..ii,.Mj.itir--utfiftffcditicai i ifc :LVs (3H .V '. " TODAY, JUNE 21, ltlf. "iTHE BOURBON N1WS, PAWS, KTNMim3SBAl'i.C ii-ix,i ,o ' '' &J$V- . '- r " " f '"' " aVMW" &smtMG?JOY WlITIfi AX DITEK.LETTUt EIO IXJLETCJos'jJ. Grosche and brothersHearyiand Will Grosche, of this city,&ae received a letter frojn tteeirbrother, Mr. Leo. Grosche, who is inFrance as a member of the AmericanExpeditionary Force. For tkfe firsttimeVMr. xrosche states, they are allowedsto tell where they are stationed. Mr. Grosche's lettef is one ofgreat interest, and 4s .published infull below:- "Thiviers, France, June 3."Dear 'Brothers:"It is now permissable for men behiiiif'the lines to 'give their location,amd to send home postal views andhave various other privileges in theway of letter-writing, etc. So I hopethat hereafter I will be able to writemore interesting letters."The above place is prounouncedTe-Ve-ay, and is in the province ofDordogne. I do not know if you willbe able to Hind Thiviers on an American map, but it is located aboutninety miles northeast of Bordeaux,or else find Peugeux and look northeast of there. Before describing ourpresent location I'll tell you about myprevious experience in France."'After landing we were in a restcaiik,-near (deleted.) I was only inthe letter place once. A bunch ofus, iBf charge of an officer, trampedthee. and back one afternoon. Aboutall-we did was to walk through thebusiness section, and we did not gette see anything of much consequence. Anyway I can say I have"been in Bordeaux. After leavingCamp No-Rest, as we have nicknamedit. we traveled by train to Vallet.Tnis-place is pronounced just as it isspelled, and is in the province ofLoire Infirieure, and is about fifteenmiles southeast of Nantes. We werelocated at Vallet for about twomonths building a telegraph line(that is all we are doing at our present location.) Our mess hall was inan old theatre, and our barracks werein three different buildings, scattered throughout the town. We werecomfortably housed, though. Valletis a great wine center, and practically all of the ground under cultivation -is in vineyards. While there I.formed an erroneous opinion that thepeople of France were putting moreattention to wine than the growingoi foodstuffs, but it is altogether different in this section. Since leavingVallet we have seen very few grapevines. Before the war this was evidently a very lively place. Youcould hardly go two doors withoutstepping into a wineroom (cafe is theprincipal name for them here), a,ndI don't suppose there was a home butwhat had its private wine cellar.WelK that's enough about Vallet."Now, I'll tell you about the mostinteresting part of mv trip sinceleaving the States (excepting someoccurrences on our sea trip), andthat was a two-hundred mile motortruck trip from Vallet to Thiviers.We nad quite a train of trucks, officers' cars, motorcycles and 'roadlice' (trucks.) I was in one of thelatter with a kitchen force, amd wewould run ahead of the trail, get jTHE jPAIIS CHAUTAUQUA.-Is a Chautauqua ticket? worth two"dollars?That's the question we want every' if " r---f k tWHTJn FITTTED ' TO.- tfbllnraiTT BAlDEm .'f - 51l..-?t.:z. ...Mi'arAVAir nmnTenrn ' twistiM9TIXJ rMia wvmjm mfw iHEW WAJfc AUXLV1TLThe community war gardens, located on the old Fair Grounds property,it. t i4-mt Tv-tlro noor Porioperson to answer for himsilf; and in u i tT i fh inPntinn f ,.. . . , . - . will be open for the inspection oi tneanswering it, to consider a few facts. LllMio Tlllv o when Mrs. HarrietWe will have twelve high-grade,"but distinctly different attraction inour full six-days' program. They willconsist of musical companies, entertainers and lecturers, all of topnotch quality; in fact, the very bestthe Chautauqua affords (and Chautauqua audiences are a finely discriminating lot, you may be sure.)In this statement we ask you toconsider but three of the twelve ormore attractions. They are of anentirely different type, doing an .altogether different work, and about theonly respect in which they are similar is in the fact that they are allmaking good in a very big way; andto hear any one of them would beworth more than the whole cost ofthe season ticket.Here are their names: CaptainRichmond P. Hobson, Dr. Jay William Hudson and George EustacePearson. Captain Hobson's namewill be known and honored as longas the history of Spanish-AmericanWar "is read and remembered, inwhich as the hero of the Merrimac,he gained immortal fame. His Chautauqua address is entitled, "Americaand the World War."Jay William Hudson is one of theleading publicists and lecturers inAmerica on topics of national and international interest. The subject ofhis great lecture is "AmericanIdeals.""George Eustace Pearson is a survivor of Princess Patricia's Regimentof Canadian Light Infantry, betterknown as the "Princess Pats;" anauthor of books on the war and contributor to the Saturday EveningPost. His Chautauqua-address willrecount the history and adventureof the Princess Pats, the most famous body of fighting men of modern times.This is less than a fourth of theprogram! And the cost is about 50cents. Is it worth the price?Then get your season ticket to-dayof Mr. E. T. Hinton, the ChautauquaSecretary, or some other member ofthe Chautauqua Association. We'lllook for you there, you and your family, too.Remember the dates, July 6-11, inclusive.B-4 FIREInsure withW.O. HINTON &SON,AgtsFIRE DESTROYS HEMP.Fire which originated in some manner as vet unexplained, in a bis tileabout three hours start on it, set up j 0f hemp on the farm of Mr. Jackour stoves and have mess ready when j Leach, near Centerville, this county,the train got to camp. We were on , destroyed the hemp and a number ofthe run from last Monday morning hemp breaks used in the work ofuntil Wednesday noon. We camped" intowns on the two nights out on ourtrip. Some of the fellows set uptheir 'pup tents,' and some slept onthe-trucks and on the ground. Thecook and I rolled up in our blanketson the ground and had the big bluesky for our tent. In my opinion,the nights were too beautiful to dootherwise. The last night we campedat Angouleme (the spelling of theplaces I am giving you may be different, on the American maps.) Itwas quite a large place, and beautiful, to say the least. It is locatedon a hill and overlooks an immenseTalley. The most beautiful part ofour trip, though, was after leavingAngouleme. I am a poor' hand atdescribing scenery, but just want tosay that, though I have not seen allof the United States, I've yet to seethe scenic part of it that can comparewith "the 'country we've passedthrough in the last week."Another interesting sight wassome masonry work in the way of bigstone arched railway bridges. Onething the French have is good roads.We liave found almost perfect highways" every wheret I forgot to saythat r made a great many motortruck trips to Nantes, and it is certainly an interesting city. Well,anyway, we arrived in Thiviers withenough dirt and dust on us to keep usbusy washing ever since, and I stillhave' some traces of it. Thiviers is atown of about five thousand. We areall in barracks in one building, aaidliare our mess hall in another building. I'm still in the kitchen, had anopportunity to get out of it thisweek, but believe I'll stick it out until we begin railroading, which I believe will be in a couple of months.White Tm sitting here writing I cangee a big locomotive in the yards just.across the road, with the good oldletters, U. S. A. painted on the tender,and Jet me teir you folks, it looksmighty good to me. United Statesrailway equipment is a common sighthere. jhm people would have to bein France to realize to what extentUncle" Sam is going into this war.But take it from- me, folks, he iscowis strong, and when he gets fully prepared, somebody's going tocatch h. '""I do not know if the custom isgeeral, but in Thiviers the first Saturday of each month is the generalmarket day. All the farmers withtheir" produce and stock come totown Well, last Saturday, theycaMe in all directions, and it was almost misery to try to get throughcoat of the streets. And speaking ofstruts, one of our trucks will completely' block the majority of them,ai tfce sidewalks are very seldomover tliree feet wide. Well, to getbok to the main subject, about'cowiay.' The ''people came totowm'im assorted vehicles galore, don-key-irawncarts being the principalmrrff of JMmotirtn . oxen for theHWLTm leads, ut very few horses.x t. -htia ..- many dog carts... ui - .wereFie bebreaking out the fiber. Mr. Leachestimates the loss done by the fire as"being close to $3,000.Fire, Wind md LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.ACCIDENTIA SHOT.Robert Collins, a farmer of theJacksonville precinct, is a patient inthe Massie Memorial Hospital, inParis, where he is suffering from theeffects of a gunshot wound in theleft foot.Collins was shooting at birds onhis farm near Jacksonville, and hadjust reloaded his gun for a shot at aflying bird, when in some way theweapon was discharged, the load taking effect in his left foot. He washurried to the Hospital wliere amputation was deemed necessary, thefoot being taken off just below theankle.m 1 mBOOTLEGGER FINED.In 'Police Court, Tuesday, a fine of$50 and a jail sentence of twentydays' was assessed against Ed. Johnson, a colored resident of Winniestreet, near Claysville, on a charge ofbootlegging liquor in local option territory. Jackson was placed under arrestby Chief of Police Link and Patrolman Lusk, after suspicion which hadbeen directed toward him maturedinto an actuality, when the wet goodsin small packages, were found onhim. Johnson confessed his guiltand the fine and sentence was recofaed against him.1 T5i 1No individual in the world can doa mother's work for her.next letter. I suppose the first thingyou will want to know is how I amgetting along. I weighed Sunday onlFrench scales, and my weight wassixty-five kilograms (143 pounds.)That's with my clothes on, too, andmakes a gain for me of about twentyseven pounds since I enlisted. That'sthe heaviest I have ever been in mylife.4' Do you believe the army life isagreeing. with me?"By the way, I received the bunchof 'Iiuke McLuke's' and -the Mutt andJeff clippings, and they are certainlygrea6 stuff. Continue to send them.Folks, I guess we are all out of luckop the-parcel proposition, because!the latest order is that no packagescan be sent to the soldiers over here,order or no order, from the commanding officer."Well, here conies duty, next, andI will have to quit for this time, withthe promise of having more in the future. With love to everybody, I am"Yours,PRiyATE LEO J. GROSCHE,Minaker, and the workers win janepleasure in showing visitors aroundthe gardens.The gardens have been cultivatedby Paris and Bourbon county boys,all under sixteen years of age, underthe supervision or Mrs. juinuer.They have been taking intense interest in the work, and as a result oftheir labors, what was once an unproductive area, is now blossomingforth in a mass of "green goods,," thekind that cheers the inner man,makes for health, and is also good tolook upon. The ground for the purpose for which it is being used wasdonated by E. F. Spears & Sons, ofParis, who purchased it some yearsago.On this same date the boys will bepresented with medals, donated bythe Government, in appreciation ofthe good work they have done andare still doing in gardening.The people of Paris should turnout en masse, and visit the Community gardens on July 3. The trip willdo them good, and the sight of whatthe boys have done out there willbe a revelation to them.ALWAYS CHEAPEST!Best matches, 5c box; good Laundry Soap, 5c a bar; Brooms, 4-sewed,at 50c. Many other bargains atTHE BUSY BEE CASH STORE.(21-4t)S JQ ISHOME POE DELINQUENT GIRLS.President Wilson has interestedhimself in this nation-wide movement. -The Government puts uponit the stamp of approval by appropriating $30,000 to any State thatwill match this amount. Don't condemn. Learn the facts.The immediate reason for thismovement is that the army officialshave determined to remove from thevicinity of the training camps theyoung women of loose morality whoconstitute a menace to the health ofthe soldiers, and preliminary to thisaction it is desired that provision bemade to house these girls and givethem opportunity to reform morallyand prepare themselves for employment in various occupations.Aside from the military necessitieswhich have induced the. nation totake notice of the delinquent girl,the ordinary impulses of humanityand the advancing ideals of rightliving should prompt ready responseto this appeal for help.Viewed purely as . an economicquestion it should demand the mostenergetic and thorough treatment atthe hands of society and the State.The percentage of young men suffering from the damnning effects ofT-rk onninl evil id cTTki 11 in ortiic ouiacu cvii io auucuiiuM r-We can no longer ignore condiJ'ix-i -r ..:.. iii -,i,i, oa Ann r-"the State's quota. Lexington hopesto get $2,000. Throughout the StateBourbon county is known as always"standing by" in every emergency .-In this, too, she will do her bit.Watch the papers for the date of awoman's rally. Very little is to beasked of each person, but this hydraheaded monster must be crushed. Itsmenace is second only to that ofPrussianism. Lend your interest andinfluence.Mrs. Virgil D. Chandler, formerly ,of Paris, who has been residing inBattle Creek, Mich., for some time,has inaugurated a new phase of waractivity work, and , is now in Kentucky prosecuting the work alongthat line. ' Mrs. Chandler is a daughter of Mr. W. H. H. Johnson, of Second street, this city.Mrs. Chadler made an address inLexington, as starting point of themovement, her topic being "Patriotism." The meeting was held in theBaptist church. Mrs. Chandler is engaged in promoting the organizationof a Society for Cripples, and for therelief of crippled soldiers cominghome from the war in Europe.This society, having only comeinto existence within the last fewmonths, is comparatively new tomany persons, and to many cripplesas well. Mrs. Chandler is touringthe country in the interest of the organization and when asked concerning her work, said that she was sentout to mobilize all physically afflicted jpersons, tnat when the time comesthp. r.rinnles at home mav teach cr in-pled soldiers returning from the front (how again to mold their lives andhabits to be useful citizens, to go onliving as before the war and in manycases to teach them occupations bywhich they may make a living.Mrs. Chandler says the object of theSociety is to make all members thinkless of their own misfortune in giving their utmost to win the war. Sheurges that all cripples, whether ornot they have interviewed her, to notify the secretary-treasurer of the Society, Miss Anna M. Woodford, atParis, so that they may become members of this organization, and allythemselves with the movement, whichis to be useful to the Governmentduring the great struggle, and in thereconstruction period following.l VCTZ-A- XT-TJT-slL rV I-' MJL. Jl ,A -Tfc UiJ ivV BLADIES' OUTFITTERS3 .3niVi j?L J .?J5KlV.-"-Vr Wt...- 4$NONE BETTER.John Deere Mowers and Rakes,Sections, Blades and Repairs of allkinds.(It) FARMERS' SUPPLY CO.For Rent.Modern cottage of six rooms;bath; gas; electric lights; garage;next to Twelfth and High streets.DR. F. P. CAMPBELL,Paris, Ky.Cumberland Phone 142." (28-tf)BOURBON CIRCUIT COURTThe June term of the Bourbon Circuit Court, which has been in sessionsince June 11, adjourned Wednesday,after transacting a considerableamount of important business. Twomurder cases were continued to theNovember term. The case of JohnHenry Harpe for killing Oscar Wil-loughby and the case of Henry Hawkins, colored, for killing Sarah Leer,colored, were the ones thus -disposedof temporarily. In the Harp case anaffiidavit was present to the Court tothe effect that Attorney Maury Kemper, of Lexington, who was his attorney, was engaged in .holding aterm of court in Fayette county, andtherefore, could, not be present.On Wednesday morning JudgeRobert L. Stout convened Court andcalled motion hour, at which a -numberof orders and motions incident tothe adjournment of the term weretaken up and ordered filed withClerk Webb.Mose Fisher, indicted for robbingthe clothing store of I. L. Price &Co., was given a sentence of one yearin the penitentiary.Simon Cooper, housebreaking, wassent to the same institution for oneyear.Bud Cage, indicted for stealingshingles from the Templin LumberCo., was also given one year in the"pen."All are colored men. John Clay.colored, indicted for carrying concealed deadly weapons, was fined $50and given ten days in jail and disfranchised for two years.The fact that little business wastransacted at this term of the Courtwas -due to pressure of work on thefarms in saving the wheat and haycrops, Judge Stout expressing theopinion that much of the work of theCourt could go over to the fall term.Judge Stout left for Prankfort, Wednesday, where he is presiding overthe June term of the Franklin CircuitCourt.BOURBON OIL CO. BUSY.Mr. C. L. Ball, of the Bourbon Oil& Development . Co., and Mr. SamBooth, one of the principal stockholders of the concern, have been in Estill county fields several days, inspecting the work going on on thecompany's leases in that territory.The drill was down 400 feet yesterday in Well No. 1, on the Freeman lease on Ross Creek. All thewells on Ross Creek of this companyDelivery Truck ForSale.Vim Delivery Truck for sale. Lastof our stock. Will be sold at greatreduction. Call on or addressFRANKLIN MOTOR CO.,V(28-3t) Lexington, Ky.JUST-ARRIVEDoi NEW LINE OFBATHING SUITSCaps and Shoes'.$ ,-!$lA.5hNEW NECKWEARBELTS, HAND BAGSSILK HOSEJAPANESE EMBROIDEREDKIMONOSvFRANK & CO.reMi .., iIv r m ' "uv uccu tuuuwicuuy wun ine1 Wi I uer ? "W1C I u u" . Aei. un., s. u pipiines and oil is being-pumped toAl7 t:ZVt -t1 'until fh- -kmeriom-m f!TTUulHnnBnr CVtt. " it,!. t- f e vtv w.' - . . Mof tfcwriKi wrfVJi,tti;; :AJR??W Expeditionary Forae " . the tamkiPatriotism the Keynoteof the ChautauquaLecturers Helping Win the WarPresident Wilson terms the Chautaqua "an integral partoi" the national defense." He says the Chautauqua lecturesare effective messengers for the delivery and Interpretationof democracy's meaning and imperative needs."Our Program IncludesCapt. Richmond P. HobSOIIy the Hero of the Merrimac, distinguishestatesman: original advocate of National Preparedness to speak on "America andthe World War."George EllStace Pearson, soldier, author of the Princess Pat storiesin The Saturday Evening Post, survivor of the original Princess Pats, Canada'sfamous regiment.Gabriel R- Magtlire, F. R. G. S.F African explorer and celebratedlecturer. "With An Irishman Through the Jungles of Africa" is a rare treat.Bob Seeds, Humorist and Philosopher, and general Chautauqua favorite. His wisdom and fun are violently contagious in "The Way It Looks FromThe Road."lay William Hudson, of the University of Missouri, speaks on "American Ideals' Just returned from the war zone. A lecturer with an international- reputation.Roland A. Nichols, one of the leading popular orators of the daymagnetic and convincing. "The Worth While." The discoverer of Harold BellWright. ; uClyde Wilson McCord, a brilliant speaker, lecturer upon up-to-datemodern questions. Is able to instruct and inspire.Buy a SeasonIt reduces tht cost mre than ont-half. Get It t th CommSttt Utfay. Ytu'll binstructed, benefitted and helped by these fine lectures. And besides these, there It a hestoff mtslcal and entertainment numbers. Adult Season Tickets $2.N; Child's 1MParis Chautauqua July 6th toE. f. HINTON, Secretary 'nth IA&MA.IVv A...r"rr$FitmAy;3Lt, mi.T v,.TM 10UKB0N WTWS, rug, KYr-.. -"M. t- -" .--Lii- i i' jtf.. .,..ii4tyj!!i T. A. trjv t -k mBBJMjUBE c -v'lIVV-4'rJIKFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEHAIL INSURANCE.Hail insuranco on tobaccoand small train.McCLURE & DONALDSON.(june4-tf)1 Jtt i3LACKBEBBIES, BLACKBERRIES.Tennesse crate blackberries. Placevour order with us.(lt) C. P. COOK & CO.K 1 teTHBESHEBMEtf BUSY,. 'There isn't a busier set of men inthe State to-day than the threshermen of Bourbon county, who beganoperations this week. The wheatcrop in this county is said to be thebiggest ever produced and the quality excellent. All of which will helpthe Americans to win the war!HEW IMPROVEMENTS.The Fourth street side of the business house occupied by the Depositand Peoples' Bank & Trust Co., is"being improved by the laying of afine concrete pavement, to run thefull length of the building. The workis in charge of Contractor Thos. P."Woods.its la wHAIL INSURANCE,Insure your tobacfcoaWainsthaiL I represent reliable, promptpaying companies.M ROXIE DAVIS.(june4-tf)EEDCROSS CANARIESGOOD SUM.BRINGThere was a good crowd present"Wednesday morning in the EdwardsRealty Co.'s offices, when the RedCross canaries, "Gen. Pershing" and"Jack Pershing," donated by Mrs.Prankie Paton, were disposed of.The hirds netted the sum of $136.50.The birds were disposed of to Mr.Tilford Burnett, of this city. MissAlleen Ewalt, of Paris, was the successful holder of the ticket callingfor a prize for selling the largestnumber of tickets.BOURBON TO GET ROAD AID.In the apportionment of the StateAid Road Fund, amounting to $733,130, according to advices fromFrankfort, Bourbon county will receive as its share the sum of $14,662.Other counties in this vicinity willreceive the following amounts:Anderson, $5,636; Bath, $4,965;Clark, $10,336; Fayette, $14,662;Garrard, $6,665, Harrison, $10,762;Jessamine, $8,576; Madison, $13,598; Mercer, $7,963; Montgomery,$6,011; Nicholas, ' $19,120; Scott,$10,901, a-nd Woodford, $14,662.HAIL INSURANCE.Insure your tobacco againsthall with Thomas, Woodford &Bryan. Prompt paying companies. (june25-tf)fe is lCOMING ATTRACTIONS AT THEGRAND AND ALAMOTo-day, Friday, June 28 Ladles'and Government Day. Two ladiesadmitted for one admission ticket,plus the war tax. Enid Bennett in"Naughty, Naughty;" sixteenth episode of "The Eagle's Eye," "TheRaid of The U-5 3."To-moTrow, Saturday, June 29Tom Mix in "Cupid's Round-Up;"also Fox film Comedy, "Tom andJerry Mix."Monday, July 1 William S. Hart,in "Selfish Yates;" also SunshineComedy, "Her Husband's Wife."TO TALK ON WAR WORKMiss Alice Rogers Clay, who istouring Kentucky cities in the interest of the National Service School,will talk to the women of the cityand the county in the County Courtroom in the court house on nextMonday (Court day) afternoon at3:30 o'clock.Miss Clay's talk will be devoted' I&explaining the necessities and urgency of war work, suoh as women cani&come interested in and such asthey can do. She will tell them howthey can become fit for war work,and to be of service to the Nation inthe great crisis that now confrontsus.A cordial invitation is extended toall the women of the city and thecounty to attend this meeting, whichwill be decededly interesting.EG MORE OIL OBTAINABLE FORSTREETS.Mr. A. a. Boggs, of the Department of Public Roads at Frankfort,was in Paris, Wednesday, in consultation with Mayor January, in regard to oil for the streets.Mr Boggs and city officials madean inspection of the streets fromlimit to li,mit of the city. On theirreturn Mr. Boggs informed MayorJanuary that it would be impossible to furnish more oil for the streetsof Paris or any other city. He statedthat the Government was now conserving the oil supply for the maintaining and preserving of publicstreets and highways, but that nonecould be obtained for the purpose ofcontrolling the dust nuisance incities and towns.The city hd recently used twotanks of heavy oil in suppressing thedust in Paris, and had hoped to getmore, but Mr. Boggs' statementmakes all that now impossible. Mr.Bogie before returning to" Frankfort,will iaspect the jikee in the county,to aeWttfoi tlMyr e ia eed of oillor 9rmamnt maiaUa&ao.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.ComiBfi amd Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Miss Josephine Leer has returned to her home in Millersburg aftera visit to Miss Elizabeth Carter.Mrs. Walter Martin and children have returned to their home inParis after a visit 'to relatives inLexington.Dr. Martha Petree will leave tomorrow for Boston, Mass., at attendthe sessions of the National Osteopathic Convention. She will be goneabout three weeks.Miss Elizabeth Toohey, . Mrs.John J. McCarthy, Messrs. John Brophy and George Toohey, of Paris, andMiss Mary Brannon, of Lexington,have returned from a visit to MissMae Liston, in Maysville.Mr. O. P, Carter, Special Internal Revenue Xgent, with headquar-,.ters at Huntington, W. Va., spentseveral days here this week with hisfamily while enroute to Flemingcounty on official business.Withers Davis, I. L. Price andW. R. Blakemore returned yesterday from Louisville, whefe they represented Paris at the sessions of theKentucky Retail Clothiers' Association. The association, of which Mr.Davis is Secretary, will meet in Lexington next year.Chief of Police Fred Link, Mrs.Link, and their daughter, Miss HazelLink, have returned from a visit oftwo weeks in Kansas City, Mo. Whilethere they were guests of ChiefLink's brother, Mr. Charles Link,and other relatives. Chief Link attended the sessions of the International Association of Police Chiefswhile in Kansas City.Mr. Frank R. Erringer, of Chicago, came in Wednesday for a surprise visit to old friends of his boyhood days. Mr. Erringer and Mrs.Erringer had been visiting the latter's parents, Mr. and Mrs. Koonz, inCharlestown, Indiana, and, being inthe vicinity, Mr. Erringer could notresist the temptation to revisit thescenes of his youth. Mr. Erringerleft Paris over thirty-five years ago,during which time he has made hishome in California and in Chicago,where he is in the big wholesalehouse of Sprague, Warner & Co. Mr.Erringer found Paris greatly changedsince his last visit here some yearsago.(Other Personals on Page 3.)1 1 1ALLEGED DESERTER ARRESTEDSheriff Wm. G. McClintock andDeputy Sheriff Ollie Marshall onWednesday placed under arrest aman named Arthur Moore Carney,who had been working on the farpi ofMr. Emmett Henry, near Paris, on acharge of being an army camp deserfer. The officers had been informedthat Carney, who had been on theHenry place for some time, was regarded with suspicion as being a deserter, though he had never said anything to indicate his connection atany time with army life. Upon going to the farm they found Carneyat work, and put him through acourse of "sprouts" which finallyelicited a confession to the effect thathe had deserted from Capip Shelby,at Hattiesburg, where he had beensent with one of the Kentucky contingents. He gave his home addressas Mammoth Cave, Ky. A search bythe officers led to the finding of apair of khaki army trousers near thebank of a branch, on the flap ofwhich were the initials A. M. C.Carney was brought to Pans in theSheriff's antomobile, and placed inthe county jail, where he will be heldfor the military authorities at CampShelby, who have been notified.FARMERS, INVESTIGATE NEWTOBACCO HAIL INSURANCELIMITS AND RATESWe are authorized to make the following rates and limits for tobaccohail insurance, policies taking effectJuly 10:Limit Rates? 75 an acre $5.25100,00 an acre 6.00125.00 an acre 6.75150.00 an acre 7.50Wg believe ttesB conditions maketobacco hail insurance a much betterproposition.See us before insuring, and let usexplain it to you.YERKES & PEED.At Farmers' and Traders' Bank, Both.Phones No, No. 45.(28-3t) , -H 'i c te fe gj" -"EE YU GOIN' TO 'ZIBIT, WHYDON'T YE ZIBIT?"' Not only were hundreds of thekiddies disappointed Tuesday when acombined combination of concatenated circumstances prevented the exhibition of the Coop & Lent Circus,but hundreds of children" of largersrowth also felt the sting.Heavy rains and the caving-in ofa bridge on the North Middletownpike, caused the circus to divide intotwo sections. Only one of these,about fourteen trucks, reached Paris.Seeing the futility of making anyeffort to exhibit here, the two sections combined and wentvto Lexington, where, they exhibited Wednesday.Hundreds of peole waited patientlyfor several hours Tuesday morningfor the street parade, which had beenannounced, but which did not materialize, owing to the circumstancesabove stated.Those who went to Lexington, toseefho nerformance nronounced itone of the best they had ever seen.CHANGE OF HEM.,Mr. James A. Douglas has purchased the interest of ms partner,Mr. B. R. Dickerson, in the garageand automobile business they havebeen conducting at Fourth and Highstreets, under the wane of Douglas& Dickerson Garage. Mr. Douglaswill conduct the business in the futir at fh same stand. Mr.,Dickerrgom ha not announced hjs plans forthf 'future.I 0 m" r- if riiiakiW Mr Ti i mfintrw TTilYhii r"- - --iiriiiA'l nri nil iffffirV" rill- 'I "ffifurifiiiREV. COMBS TO DEIXVER LECTURE-RECITALERE.Dr. G. R. Combs, pastor of theMethodist church, will give his lecture-recital,"The Kentucky Mountaineer Folk-lore and Narratives,' Uon July 4, at the Y. M. C. A., at 8:00p. m., under the auspices of the CityFederation'-of Women's Clubs.This form of entertainment isunique, so much so that Dr. Combsis being sought by many of ourprominent institutions. He is to present his lecture-recital at the NewYork Chautauqua, which is in itselfsufficient guarantee that we are tospend a piost pleasant and profitableevening.LOCAL OFFICE FOR LOUISVILLEOIL CONCERN.Mr. J. D. Hedrick, of Florida, anexperienced oil man, local representative of the McCombs Oil Co., whichhas headquarters in Louisville, hasopened an office in Paris, in theoffice of the Edwards Realty Co., onMain street.Mr. Hedrick and family have 'takena lease on the Residence on Cypressstreet recently occupied by Mr. andMrs. Wallace Clarke, and will residethere during their stay in Paris.The McCombs Oil Co. is headed byMr, Abram Renick, of Winchester,as President. His son Mr. FelixRenick, is also an official of the company. SUMMER-TIME GOODS.Refrigerators, Lawn and PorchSwings, Hammocks, Ice Cream Freezers and all Summer-time requisites.(It) FARMERS' SUPPLY CO.NOTICE, TAX -PAY-ERS.We will foe in our offices (grand juryrooms) in the courthouse on Monday,July 1st. Tax payerswill please come inand give in their taxlists, as required bylaw' CLARK & REDMON,1 1 Tax Commissioners.The FairSayes you money on. every itemhere listed. Merchandise is still advancing, so buy now saves youmoney.THESE SPECIALS FOE SATURDAYGrey Granite Iron Dish Pans, 8 qt.size 25c; the 12-qt. size, 37c; the14-qt. size, 49c; the 0L7-qt. size 69c;the 21-qt. size, 89c. " A bargain "inBlue and White Mottled Dairy andPuddingfl Pans, all white lined, allsizes, and your choice fo r25c. JetOil Shoe Dressing for Black Shoes;Shu White Dressing for WhiteShoes, 9c a bottle. Decorated Cupsand Saucers, Gold Striped Edges,each 10. Enameled Wash Basins,extra large size, etch 19 c. TalcumPowder, highly perfumed, 2 cans for15c Cuspadors, 10c. Flags, from5c up to $1.00. each. AdjustableWindow Screens, all sizes.THE FAIR.RETURNINGHOMEfrom Ithe heat of thecity you will find aswifter relaxation thrumusic than by. anyother means. Out onthe porch the nciseand heat of the daycan be forgotten, andevery well-loved recordis a vacation trip thattakes you "out ofyourself.'' Only thosewho use a Victrola canknow the joys of theworld's greatest music.Come in and letplay for you.usDaugherty Bros.. Fifth and MabiKodaks Victr.UsPUyer 'R.lk-?Store, Fixtures?I . . . and v ' mStock For S a leftHARRY SIMOJSlwmwimmmimmwmmmwmmmMmzmwimmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmI !! "My window shades ! ,VJ n ' HI! always look nice." I . . Bfis rj Goto your windows now and ex- j i "" r Wl , t, amine your shades. ; Kr)0 See if they are specked with those ij " BF',v 'i tiny holes and little ragged cracks :, HIS J that do so much to mar the looks of j'l " Rd k !. your windows. In shades made of j HfI nnenlin .a " j mL. the long wearing windemj HJj'gj . Jjiy you will find the treat fault of the ordinary I ' a " jjtg . V ( ihade overcome. It is nude of a closely : ' WKli .- X woven clotk without that fillinl of chalk ' - aBl'Cvg - I J which in the ordinary shade so soon crack j A HtT.' i;t sad falk out ia unsiihtly streaks and pin 'l Brn - b0ies Sun won't fade It nor water spot Hft",5 J l & Made in auny rich, lustreless tones i . ' flsT"Ej ' i : ' and Ib Brenlla Duplex one color oa one i j I Br "E V i ' aide; a dlfereat one on the otktr. i; -j -- - JkCTE l . TheJ.T.HintonCo. ujfc s.'lf.'-,;T , . I sB"P'sal BSmvB aBfy vH i - -- irt, - , - - , x 'O . " ...... V atifcSr. -J. . r l Tir - U a" lin aWllTriSalaW jLAfTl "--- --. " . .. y. - m . . b -"" . C .. .. .Jm.' iii TMi ann II iri SM iT- " -- j--w v .. . , n STSaSH alSaMS SaSSalSaWSaiS SaClosing Out Sale ofStock Now Going Onand Going FAST!MAIN STREET, PARIS, KY.1-yjv.sMWoft-m hownm xwm, paws, ax " iFRIDAY, JPTOlr, IMC"MSBXr'TEi-, -' ,'-K Ct.. . 4t m 'f JjgfSai"E9IHBBHHBHHHBBHBEeSH?EverywhereYou can getyour bottle ofBEViERAThis is the drink that is goodfor everyone. Get your bottle today at any grocery,drug store, confectionery,soda fountain, restaurant orhotel.The Isaac Leisy CompanyCleveland, O.Esterman-Verkamp Co., Distributors, Cincinnati, O.Telephone, Main 1313.MSWASiM40 -ntroxiCATgta fviyjJ-7W.HE 1AAC LKISV-Cc-cvcland.-'Cl . . ..nO .Isl,"vtve LAN L-pppHProfessional Cards.WM. GRANNANAttorney-atLawj ROOMS 401-402.iFlltST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGDR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and Throat.ROOMS 403404.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING.PHONE 131.OptometryMe ans Eye ServiceDEATH ENSUES FOE ONE IN AUTOMOBILE ACCIDENTParis' exclusive optical parlors.Frames and Mountings, all stylesLorgnettes, Binocular Auto Goggles.Shades ground in any color desired.,We do frame repairing and can duplicate any lens, no matter where fitted. Nothing but high-grade material used. Call and let's get acquainted Optometrically. We chargefor examination.'i a,Dr. Wm. Riley Franklin"OPTOMETRIST."Both Phones. 520 Main StRICHMOND, KY., June 27. Thesecond railroad crossing tragedy of aweek in this section took place Monday night at 8 o'clock when Ii. & N.train number 71, Richmond to Stanford, struck an automobile in whichMr. and Mrs. Jesse Ledford and theirfour children were riding. Thecrash demolished the car.THE DEAD:Jesse Ledford, 52 Madison Countyfarmer.Mrs. Jesse Ledford, 61, his wife.SLIGHTLY INJURED:Noble Ledford, 23, son of Mr. andMrs. J. Ledford.Miriam Ledford, 28, sister of Noble Ledford.The Ledford fajnily was out for anafter dinner drive and supposedly wasunaware that they were nearing thecrossing, which is a short distancefrom Paint Lick. The two elder persons were riding in front and theson and daughter behind, and, asthe car was struck in front, the escape of the children from death isprobably explained by the fact thatthey were left sitting in the backseat when the car was whirledaround. It did not turn over. Thefront of the automobile was crushedby the engine.Ledford, who lived near the Madison-GarrardCounty line, was a prominent farmer and stock breeder andwas connected with the most prominent families of the Paint Lick section. Besides Noble and Miriam Ledford, Mr. and Mrs. Ledford are survived by four other children, Burman, Nash and Steven Ledford, ofMadison County, and Mrs. S. B.Shepherd, also of Madison.The bodies were removed to theirhome by automobile. The son anddaughter were able to go to theirhom. The funeral servise were heldWednesday afternoon from the residence.Kill the spirit. of fault-findinjyou would a serpent.asHELP WIN THE WAR!Spend your vacation on the farm helping harvestthe American crop, then take the proceeds of this- laborand purchaseWar Savings Stamps!Telephone your farmer friend. He will be glad tohear from you.Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Co.(Im corporate!)J. J. VZATGH, W. H. CAHH0N,Diftrict Manager. m1 Manager.1mNow is the Timeto Figure on YourSpring PaintingANDPapering-'i, v '"iLet Us Make an Estimate for You Before Placing? Your Order CallUs Over Home Phone 399.KANE BROS.j fn ".STORY OF KHIGHTvOF COLUMBUSCHAPLAIN IN ACTION.How a Knights of Columbus Chaplain acts in the stress of battle is admirably illustrated in the followinginterview dispatched by Bert tford,correspondent of the InternationalNews Service to The Chicago Ameriican, on April 28:"You should go among the boysin the ranks," said Father John B.DeValles. "That's where you findheroic Americans who are a credit toour beloved flag."Striplings of 18 showed the fortitude of veterans. It was my baptismof fire, and it was hell incarnate."Lieut. John Galvin, of Greenfield(State not given), came to the dressing station after fighting gallantlyall the first day. He told .the doctorthere was something the matter withhis eardrums. He said he could nothear, and it interfered with his work."The doctor told him to bathe hisears in hot water. Galvin laughinglyreplied, 'How am I going to get "hotwater when I con't even get cold,doc?'"I followed him to the door of thedugout and shook hands with him.A shell just then burst near wherethe doctor stood. I warned Galvin hehad better not stand near the door.He was just about to go when another shell burst in front of us. Itmangled the poor fellow. He will besincerely mourned by the whole regiment. He was a born soldier, Heloved the military game and wasidolized by his men."I had to do a little first aid work6"f my own in addition to giving thelast rites to the dying. As to the latter, it mattered not what faith theybelonged to. If the man was a nonCatholic, I would say:" 'A prayer won't hurt you any-wav. even if I'm not a minister ofiyour faith.' And in every case theybegged me to pray and bless them.The spiritual feeling is strong in suchtrying hours when death lurks everywhere. There were no denominational lines out there."Just after the battle word reached from some of our men that Private Charles Pike, of Peabody, Mass.,lay wounded in No Man's Land."They told me he was a Protestantboy, but, Protestant or Catholic,chaplains draw no boundaries. Icrept around the dead, but couldn'tfind Pike. I came back and got newdirections and then tried anotherplace, but again failed to find him."I came across Pike at the dressingstation later, however. The littlepatriot smiled when I reached him.He had been wounded by shrapneland was unable to move. So I carried him back further behind thelines, dodging the shells. Pike wasgetting along finely."The first thing I do is to give thewounded a drink of hot tea. I carrya thermos bottle under my belt."Then I stick a lighted cigarettebetween their lips, and that alwaysbrings a smile, no matter how badlywounded they are it gives them newpep.' Then, when they are readyfor the litter bearers and about to becarried away, I whisper in their ears,'Courage, lad. God bless you. Thinkof God and your mother.'"I sent sixteen of them down theirpainful path that way, and everyoneof them was smiling despite theirpain. When I visited them at thehospital the first thing they ask ishow soon they will get back to thetrenches to help their comrades. Theyare always anxious to know if theyare sure to be sent back to their old'outfit," as they call their units."I wouldn't swap this job for thebest pastoral place in America."m mmBACKING UP PR00P.!8$?&e!Sa R-?' &.t- 2. . r KiiFI Xmm ?- 2 jK? 'i""N&::vyUVMM?,A!MiVJuiivMiThe Firs! Infantry GunsWeighed 75 PoundsFOOT soldiers began to carry firearms about 1350,huge, clumsy guns weighing from 25 to 75 pounds.Mere hand cannon, iron or copper tubes, they wereleveled by a forked support, and fired at a touch hole.With the invention of the wheel-lock arquebus, in 1517,the first self-firing gun, the musket, was a quick step.Like the first guns, automobile tires, when Goodrichbegan to develop them, were crude, clumsy affairs, andit's a long, long road of improvement to the symmetrical-VSSSS BEST IN TMK LONfl OHM EjtrflM?jHBr. . ssa- jv nr1 wfc i iuuwuwws 9. " &?, sZM n9UI.S3HHIB B1 BT n . yVi i rim?"1'tyM''rriCtTOmraaOTrifitlfaTaryrr ' " msmnanarttaean 'jGOODRICHTIRESSEllTEi&.iFer sale at all?Goodricfc Branckesad DepotsmmThe Kind That Paris People CannotDeny.Many an earnest man or womanhas publicly endorsed Doan's Kidney Pills.Week after week, month aftermonth you've read their statements.Would these Paris people recommend any medicine if it were notgood?Would they confirm and repeattheir statements after years hadpassed?Local proof is good evidence.Testimony confirmed years after isbetter evidence.The following Paris man's statement leaves no room for doubt.It must convince every kidney sufferer who reads it.If your back aches if your kidneys are weak, profit by the experience of George McCandles, SecondStreet. He says: "My kidneys wereinactive and I had headaches. Doan'sKidney Pills .put a stop to all thetrouble and gave me complete relief." (Statement given Jaunary 17,1912.)NO TROUBB SINCE.Over four years later, or on November 9, 1916, Mr. McCandles said:"I haven't had any need of a kidneyremedy since I last endorsed Doan sKidney Plls. I consider myself permanently cured."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. McCandles had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)Old ChNM.Oat 9t Am bt fratat Italiala mU oaly after K aaam at nhc xawr jaia. -WWfewrm''The history of the last twenty-two years of TheB. F. Goodrich Rubber Company is pretty much thehistory of pneumatic automobile tire.But whether Goodrich was bringing forth America'sfirst clincher tire, or America's first cord tireGoodrich built tires to but one end SERVICE VALUEto the user the worth of the tire to the motorist on hiscar and on the road in comfort, economy, dependabilityand durability, and mileage.That is why the tire user to-day gets the utmost SERVICE value in GOODRICH SILVERTOWN CORDS,and BLACK SAFETY TREADS.tmrnm.r :;:-"-;.(:'-:::'-V.v.IWhtre You SxThu"sn;GoodriciTirt are StockedDemand SERVICE VALUE TIRES.THE B. F. GOODRICH RUBBER COMPANYCincinnati Branch: 1110 Race St., Cincinnati, Ohio; Bur from Coodnci Dnien 2fj.uxaiea cnrrwltcr. -J;h":.::-:- v:,...-.------ - . -. . a-Vim.. -Vfc KVJkvJkS IKi12Mi.'iji px rfx? nrrsrktirtj . AvnMTHE CHEAP SKATEWhen everything else to his discredit had been proved there camein a novel manner proof that theKaiser is a cheap skate, a tin-hornsport. The $5,000 gold yachting cupHis Imperial Highness gave to theAmerican who won the yacht race in1905 was pewter, plated with gold.Money comes easily to the Emperorof Germany. He is one of the mostrichly gilded grafters of moderntimes. Why he should present acamouflage gold cup to an Americanyachtsman it is difficult to understand, but the fact is of interest inthat it "established beyond a doubtthe existence of total depravity. Theworld had learned that in every otherparticular the Kaiser was contempt-1ible, but had regarded him as beingat least above paying his debts withcounterfeit (money or make-believegold cups.That a Hohenzollern should behanded down to posterity as a cheapskate and a common crook in asporting event never would havebeen imagined had not the yachtingcup been broken under the hammerand the truth revealed.:-:WHEN YOU BUYYOU WANT YOURMONEY'S WORTH !t-aiWhat appears to .be' calamitiesuareoften 'the gourceg of fortunes. " -r.hean breeze is more important to you than cheap fans; because the ians are paid tor once,the breeze continually.me$fiK3boM$e fanshave proved their ability to give"the moit breeze for the Jeast expenditure, and for 4hfsreasoiare money savera.Paris Gas & Electric Co:.(DiaafyafataA)TJheirendietonShop135 EAST MAIN ST., OPP. PHOENIX HOTELLEXINGTON, KENTUCKY '. tWe Extend a Cordial Invitationto Visit Our New Store,, ,;.:.! and Solicit YourPatronage iGOWNSSUITSHATSiViBuy War SavingsStamps!Pershing's army is at the active battlefront. The seriousness f America's part in theworld -war has been brought home to everybody.Are You Doing Your Part?Vfe are contributing 'our advertising space to ask youto buy War Savings and Thrift Stamps for our country'scause. Whoever you are, your middle name is "George" 7Do it now!ARDERY DRUG COMPANY '.4U MAIN STREET PAMS, KENTUCKY9ris-&nX3IIXIKI. m"IVIK.1. -1IXiIK!A ,S'Tr.FRIDAY, JTJNE 28, 1S18.g& BdiiradK WM'MrVMmmnmMiddle AgedWomeivAre Here Told the Best Remedyfor Their Troubles.Freemont, 0. -"I was passing- through the criticalperiod of life, "being- forty-six years of age and had allme symproms incident to tnat cnange neat nasnes,nervousness, and was in a general run down condition,so it was hard for me to do my work. Lvdia E. Pink-ham's Vegetable Compound was recommended to me asthe best remedy for my troubles.which it surely provedto be. I feel better and stronger in every way sincetaking it, and the annoying symptoms have disappeared, "Mrs. M. Goddest, 925 Napoleon St., Fremont,Ohio.North Haven, Conn. "Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound restored my health after everything elsehad failed when passing through change of life. Thereis nothing like it to overcome the trying symptoms."Mrs. Flohxcs Ibilla.,Box 197, North Haven, Conn.Tr' s9lk$fafe CasesA4. 47'QgRfIYDIA E. PINKHAMfSVEGETABLE COMPOUNDJuts the greatest cesrd for tka greatest goodLYDIA E.PiNKHAM MEDICINE CO. LYNN. MASS.CAHAL BROSBARBER SHOPPrompt and Courteous Attention toPatrons.HOT AND COLD BATHS.?BAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly Roll, Cream PuffsDoughnuts, Rolls, PiesGROCERYFruitsFresh VegetablesMEATDEPARTMENTRoatsLamb, Veal, PorkBrainsWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376Twin Bros.Department StoreBIG SALESTILL GOING ONSkirts $5.98These are extra qualitySilk Skirts values up to$8.00 and $10.00.. $5.98HatsValues up to $5.00$1.44All Children's Hats98cSuits, Coats, Dresses,Waists, Dry Goods,Etc.Twin Bros.Pspartmsht StartBBBBBBwSJ?Vt'BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBHaWoMiHtBsv&ilitBBBBBBBBlkjjjjjjwmk '- , 'ffiifflBBiBSSSSSSSSSSSSiBBBBBnBBauRBHBBBBBBBBsVBBBBBBWE&aBBBBBBBBVBsssssssssssBapBSSaBpBsassssssssssssssTBBBBBBBH'iBSf apBBBBBBBBBBBBBBOB SEEDS, Humorist.Genial, whole-souled, a prince ofstory-tellers, a king of good fellows,full of fun, facts and philosophy, isBob Seeds of Pennsylrania. Bob isone of the most popular speakers inthe country and is always in greatdemand for national gatherings, stateAffairs, bankers banquets, etc. As aChautauqua lecturer he is one of thebest known and best loved figures inthe history of the movement.He speaks here on the fourth nightof Chautauqua. His lecture, "TheWay It Looks From the Road," hastwo hundred hearty laughs mixed inwith eloquence, inspiration and practical good "sense.CjBIsBWi:--::ifiS?:BaajAkg....' ;... v.'t'X'j3fryw &iMBaaaaakfe&V': ;np!BBsjB93SSBSBBBBBBBBByrj:'j:!9BaBBBVKiaiaaaaaaw-.aBBsV laBBwBBBBBrSBBBBBBB SkaaaBjajBaBBL as aaa.DR. GABRIEL R. MAGUIRE,F. R. G. S.A celebrated African explorer, traveler and lecturer, and at present thefamous pastor of the Ruggles StreetBaptist Church of Boston, the largestinstitutional church in America, Dr.Cabriel R. Maguire, who is to lecturehere, is one of the "headliners" of thecoming Chautauqua.Dr. Maguire is an Irishman puregoods, highest grade. His brogue, wit,pathos and, eloquence make his address, "With An Irishman Throughthe Jungles of Africa," an unforgettable occasion. The curios and souvenirs employed by the Doctor in thislecture are intensely interesting, andare worth thousands of dollars. Second nightPRESIDENT WILSON SAYS:"The work that the Chautauqua isdoing has not lost importance becaustof the war, but rather has gained newopportunities for ssrrice. "Let me express the hope that you will let nodiscouragement weaken your activities, and that the people will not failin the support of a patriotic institution that y be slid to be an I nigralpart of the national defence."Today-nas at no other time in allour history is the value of Chautau-tke eryimg net for it ridtA VETERAN'S IDEA OF THE WAE.During the war in Mexico againstMaximillian, 1863-68, the writer followed the fortunes of President Benito Juarez in the capacity of Englishand Spanish Interpreter and PrivateSecretary to the latter. In course ofmy regular duty it fell to my lot totranslate frequently for English correspondents of that patriotic Mexicanstatesman, a letter from Gen. Prim,who was then at the head of theSpanish army, to Napoleon HI, atwhose instance and by whose aidMaxillian had undertaken to establish an empire in Mexico that shouldbe tributary to that of Napoleon.To General Prim, who, besides being a great military leader, was awise statesman and philosopher, theidea trying to turn back the wheelsof progress and to substitute anywhere in North America "a government of the people, for the peopleand by the people" by the empire orany form of personal dominion appeared so chimerical that he at oncetook it upon himself, as an ardentfriend of the Napoleonic dynasty, towrite its head a letter couched inlanguage of true respect and friendship, which in substance ran aboutas follows:"I believe I should be derelict inmy profession of deepest devotion tothe interests of your dynasty, did Inot invite your attention to facts ofhistory seeming to presage the purpose of Providence to set apart theNew World for a new form of government.' rWas it not significant that eventhe knowledge of the existence ofhalf the world was withheld fromthe other half until the supremacyof Christian civilization became established in Southern Europe? It hadbeen only after eight hundred yearsof war between the elements ofheathenism and those of Christiancivilization that the latter triumphed. And it was at the siege, of Granada on the eve of the last battle ineight centuries of war between theforces indicated that Columbus firstappeared atthe tents of the Christian leaders, the monarchs of Spain,to show them the Western way, andshorter route to the East Indies, onthe theory of the spherical form ofthe earth, that resulted in the discovery of America.Providence was as ever forehandedwith this pioneer part of the world.Columbus was like another Moses,only the people whom he was -to leadfrom the old half of the world to theWestern Hemisphere were Christians.The majority of them believed inChrist and purposed living in theAmericas on principles laid down byChrist, founding their governmentupon the priunciple that "the greatest of all shall be the servant of all,"which is the cornerstone of Democracy and of representative governments. The conviction of Americans thattheir land and institutions are God-given leads them to lay their livescheerfully upon the altar of theircountry.Patrick Henry, one of the advocates of Independence, inspired by hisbelief in the Divinely prepared blessing of freedom for man, at the Yorktown convention, preceding the NorthAmerican -Revolution, after citing thethree millions of people of the thirteen colonies, exclaimed, with wonderfully prophetic vision: "Besides,sir, there is a just God who presidesover the destinies of nations and whowill raise up friends to fight our battles for us." And it was,, sire, thepeople of France, the country overwhich your. majesty at present rulesthat Jehovah "raised up" to fulfillthe prophecy of the inspired patriot,who concluded his peroration withe"Give pne liberty or give me death,"and which sentiment finds responseminute "And-Mwider- the -Aegis ofynat. is cajled -the Monroe Doctrine,the same spirit extends to all the"Americas reaching from ocean1 idocean and from pole to pole with hundreds of millions of heroic freemeninstead of three paltry millions ofPatrick Henry's epoch."The reflections of General Prim appear, as truth always does, just as applicable to the present as the past.And if the German leaders had beenthe "smart fellows" some claim themto be, they might have at least foreseen that the, Americas, where theywere always welcomed as citizens,would be dangerous antagonists whentrampled upon and openly defied.1Their own lack of real patriotismand education made thefr blunderpossible. Their predatory successagainst the Napoleonic dynasty inFrance in 1871 turned their shallowheads, making complete fools of themthey, appear when measured by Gen-,era! Prim's standard of wisdom orthat of the proverbial wise man whodeclared it well to be advised beforegoing to war. 'The program of the predatory"leaders of Germany, it now transpires, had been, first to subdueFrance again, then levy on her foradditional strength and capital to triumph over England. Then with thenavy of the latter country, the financial strength she could derive fromboth England, and France, and theprestige of a world-defying powershe could have looked across the Atlantic. But befoYe" she actually declaredwar on us for the hospitable heartiness with wliich W6 Have" always welcomed GeTffi&rb immigrants to ourcountry, she Wtfittd have added tothe large percentage 6f German population we already nave a score ortwo million more, probably Huns ofthe worse types, and then with ourschools teaching German to the youthof the country and about half thepopulation ready to turn traitor athome, an attack on our chief seaports by Germany, in force, wouldhave placed us again where our ancestors stood when George III, another old Teuton despot, forced America into the first War of Independence. And like our forefathers, ofcourse we should have won, in thelong run, but at a terrible cost.Patrick Henry had read history,and, like General Prim, of Spain, hecould clearly distinguish the handof Providence in reserving Americafor an advanced civilization, differentfrom that of Teuton and Turk, andfrom "German kultur." And in thepresent war, while America was preparing to celebrate the greatest peaceevent, the completions of the Interoceanic Canal at Panama, where ourcountry employed the largest peacearmy of modern tiftnes, for six yearsat a cost of half a billion dollars,nearly cutting off fourteen thousandmiles of travel for the benefit ofmankind, our uncultured German adversaries were preparing to "stab usin the back." But Patrick Henry'sprophecy supported by that of General Prim, again was fufilled. andthe same France was again "raisedup" to withstand the enemy whilewe and England, Italy and the Lord'sfollowers could buckle on our armor.G. BRITTAIN LYTTLE.oIWCORMICKBINDERSBest in tbe WorldPLENTY OFBINDERTWINE?See Us For All Kinds ofFarm Machinery"and SuppliesC. S. BALL GARAGECor-1 Fourth and Pleasant Stern m$100 REWARD $100The readers of this paper will bepleased to learn that there is'at leastone dread disease that science hasbeen able to cure in all its stagesand that is catarrh. Catarrh beinggreatly influenced by constitutionalcondition requires constitutionaltreatment. Hall's Catarrh Medicineis taken internally and acts throughthe Blood on the Mucous Surfaces ofthe system, thereby destroying thefoundation of the disease, giving thepatient strength by building up theconstitution and assisting nature indoing its work. The proprietors haveso much faith in the curative powerof Hall's Catarrh Medicine that theyoffer One Hundred Dollars for anycase that it fails to cure. Send forlist of testimonials.Address F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, Ohio, Sold by all druggists, 75c.( ad v-June)5l IB TBSDON'T WAIT EVEN A DAY.The attention of every War Savings Stamp worker in Kentucky is directed in particular to one pointbrought out in President Wilson'sappeal urging the purchase of WarSavings Stamps. The President says:"I earnestly appeal to every man,woman and child to pledge themselves on or before June 28." Clearlythis 'means that pledges should besecured from this date on and including June 28.War Savings workers are urgedto make it clear that while June 28is War Savings Pledge Day, and whilethe supreme effort for the securingof pledges will be made on that day,the campign is in reality on fromthis time forward.SM Hi IBS -CHINA READY TO HELP WIN THEWAR."China and the Chinese standready at any time and all times tojoin any movement which maybring success to the Allied cause;that is the message the Chineseasked me to bring to the UnitedStates," said Thomas Sammons,Ainerincan Cousnl General at Shanghai at San Francisco."You can count on us for any-m the vast hosts of his countrymen, J thing to help win the-war, they toldjwhom to conquer1 would lie to-exter-jme to-tell-Vou' he added.III' - " i " S " ' " m m ' ZZ " ZZZZ iZft316. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, KyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaiThe Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.West 5 StreetG22Hbrg jiSatisfaction is OirWitchwordWith all the latest improvements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we are preparedto do work inferior tonone, and solicit yourpatronage.Bourbon LaundryParis Kentucky.A MAN AND HIS WIFEmay both derive satisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the-appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings us.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 , , . Home PboM lift-i .. :'.-. -Si -' kV ' p. ?-i'.THE BOURBON OT!fSPJ U rnur, joniBfn.iiai,V r " 'tJ,Jfc -1SE-HE5itiiiifiiiiiiiiiininiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiii""!CSKS5 THE PARISAND ALAMOaPfFriday, June, 28thGRAND!Monday, July 1stArtcraf t PresentsWM. S. HARTLADIES' AND GOVERNMENT DAYtwo ladies will b admitted for one admission, plus the war tax.t-&.."-,.1 The J. T.UNDER TAKERSAND MMBALMMRS3i3!r"wUfalnwirf SixthStreetsttjtsltis0SMotor equipment.jAmbulance calls promptly attended to with our JLimousine invana ioacn.Hearse used for funeralN-mBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBitil I ttf l 't'M'l'V'M''yM''li'i'l'l:!r $MILLERSBURG--Miss Laura C. Jefferson is so,mebetter.Elder Shropshire preached at"the Christian church Sunday inorn-.; Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Buiroughs-were in Cincinnati on business fromiSSuaday until Monday.Mrs. L. C. Vimont left Wednesday for a visit to her sister, Mrs.'Smith, at Flemingsburg.Misses Alice and Lois Ingels, ofJ33minence, arrived Monday as guestsJZ Ih-Bir aunt, Mrs. G. W. Judy."V Miss Martha Vimont left Tuesday for a ten-days' visit to her daugh- I;Xr, Mrs. w. A. Munzing, at Mays" grille.Mrs. J. B. Day and daughter,"i3Kss Lillian Day, of Paris, arrived" "Wednesday as guests of Mrs. Mary L.''JEHaffmaii.Mrs. Rice, of Walnut Grove, ar-'-srivedWednesday to be at the bed--isideof her daughter, Mrs. F. E.Peterson.Mr. and Mrs. M. E. Pruitt werequests of her parents, Mr. and -Mrs."J2ebell Chanslor, at Stanford, Sunday- and Monday.Mrs. A. C. Strode and little Son,,1h. C. Strode, Jr., of Chester, Mont.,-mxe guests of "her parents, Mr. andMrs. A," C. Ball.Messrs. G. W. Bramblett, J. B.--Cray and Elders Shropshire andIfysrs heard Elder Brooks at Carlisle- -xsn Sunday night,Mrs. Adella Miller and grand-" vodaughter, Miss Elizabeth Conway, ofAtlanta, Ga., arrived Tuesday, asr szguests of lier daughter, Mrs. C. W.c i -stJoirington,Mx. O." E. Hurst returned Mon$to3 ?rbnr Chattanooga, Tenn., wherelie -went to see his brother, Lieut.f 'THlIe Hurst, and will sail in a fewts,.-ays for France.Born Some days ago to Mrs."" "Tfcomas Farris, a daughter; to Mrs.&X3zas. Insko, a daughter, Leona Mar-gret; Tuesday afternoon, to Mrs, F.3C. Peterson, a daughter, Joenelle.JEPeterson.Mr. Claude Dailey, of Winehes-'. ter. was the guest of his parents, Dr.ftr2uM "Mrs. W. G. Dailey, Tuesday.y' Hehas resigned his position as yai d-"mRter at Winchester to accept a sim-" TMtt position at Ravenna.LMr. and Mrs. A. T. Maffett enter-' 'sjfcalied their im,mediate family andmear 'relatives Wednesday, the occa-?ion being the seventy-fifth birthdayof her mother, Mrs. J. S. Clarke.Among the out-of-town, guests pres--eiit were Mr. and Mrs. B. F. Clarke,t .jof. Oakwoods, Tenn.Mrs. J. Clarke Leer, Jr., enter-"tained a -number of her lady friends"""TW-ednesday afternoon in honor ofr3itrs. 7. H. Miller, of Memphis, Tenn.,v - -aad Miss, Louise Smedley Myall, whois soon to become the bride of Lieut.f-George Richard Huffman, of CampISilL Okla.Mrs. 0. E. Hurst was the guest.' -nt her sister-in-law, Mrs. Luna Gorman, of Lexington, from Friday until"Monday. She was accompanied home, & '"aylier niece, Miss Emma Gorman.Mr. J. B. Cray attended thenfuieral of Mr. John Frey, at Car'Hsie, Wednesday afternoon.Lieut. George Richard Huffman,- xf Camp Still, Okla., arrived Wednes-cday on a ten-days' furlough to his'mother, Mrs. Mary L. Huffman.OKfcile here he will take unto himsfelf xme of our most charming girls- -a brtae, Miss Louise SmedleyHyall. The details of the wedding" 3have not yet been arranged.. Mr. and Mrs. 0. W. Ingels re-cired a letter from their son, Mr. J.-JL .Ingels, who is in the Dr. Barrow" ITmit No. 40, which recently left;'Oani rTylor, Louisville, and is now--tmporarily stationed in a camp onloif Island, New York. He says1m weather 4s cold there. They arecamping. in tentsr and the comfortsre not as good as at Camp Taylor.Thre are five other units in camp.Taey will -all probably sail for France'wt tke same .time.Dr.-W). M. Miller received a tel,. Mcam Tueeaay announciag the'njTiilt of Mrs.'Margaret Helen HutchHinton Co.XT' Day phone 36isjy. ""ns'aSi Ipurposes only.craft, at Pueblo, Colo. The telegramstated Mrs. Hutchcraft had died ateight a. m. Tuesday and that the remains wduld be brought to the homeof Dr. Miller, and interred in theParis Cemetery perhaps Sunday. Mrs.Hutchcraft was formerly Miss Margaret Fleming, and was a ntive ofFleming county. A number of yearsago she united in marriage to Mr.Richard Hutchcraft. They afterwardwent to Colorado, taking up theirabode at Pueblo. One daughter wasborn to this happy couple, Miss Emma Hutchcraft, who afterward married a Mr. Stanard, of that city, anddied some years ago at the home ofher aunt, Miss Ella Fleming, in Millersburg. Mr. Hutchcraft died a number of years ago, his remains beinginterred in the Paris Cemetery. After the death of her husband, Mrs.Hutchcraft and granddaughter, MissMargaret Stanard, jmade their homein Millersburg, for a number of years.They resided with her sisters, MissesJudith and Ella Fleming. Aftertheir death they resided in the family of Dr. W. M. Miller, brother-in-lawof Mrs. Hutchcraft. Miss Stanard graduated, at the M. F. C, afterwhich she returned to Pueblo for atime. About two years ago she wasmarried and her grandmother, Mrs.Hutchcraft, resided with her. Mrs.Hutchcraft was a devout member ofthe Methodist church and a brilliantwoman. She belongs to one of the pioneer families of Kentucky and hasan extensive relationship throughoutthe State. The particulars of herdeath are not yet known, nor justwhen the body will arrive. Shewould have been eighty years of agenext Sunady.Definite information has been received to the effect that the body ofMrs. Hutchcraft will arrive here atnoon Saturday, and will be taken tothe home of Dr. W. M. Miller. Thefuneral will be held at the.1tfethodistchurch at 2:30 o'clock, Sunday afternoon, with services conducted by thepastor, Rev. J. W. Gardner. The interment will take place in the ParisCemetery following the services inthis city. The pall-bearers will beJ. F. McDaniel, D. P. Jones, J. H.Stewart, A. S. Best, H. D. Pattersonand Dr. C. B. Smith. The honorarypall-bearers will be Millersburg women who were members of Mrs.Hutchcraft's Sunday School classwhen she resided here.CITIZENS OF PARIS READ!CONCERNS YOU!THISPublic notice has frequently beengiven that you should boil all waterused for domestic or drinking purposes, whether it be from hydrant,well, cistern or spring. There maybe water-borne disease at any timeof the year, more especially, however during the late summer andautumn months.This Board has no information tosuspect such disease or diseases presently, yet it realizes such possibility, and the object of this notice is ,toprotect the public against any danger from this source.Don't be unfair and say you havenever seen nor heard' of this notice.The quickest means to reach all thepeople is through a city's local papers, hence this communication.Again, WATER-BORNE DISEASESARE ABSOLUTELY PREVENTEDBY BOTXING WATER. Will youheed this admonition or will you wilfully or negligently pursue the eventenor of your way and regard thisnotice as worthless? It is up to you.Antiques in furniture may be allright. In milldams they are dangerous, and this Board so condemns.Changes in treatment of the watersupply have been recently suggestedand are now in operation.A. H. KELLER,City Health Officer.By Order of City Board of Health.(25-4t)To the wife of Mr. Alfred Doyle,near Escondida, a son. '.-To the "wife of Thos. Faris, nearMiner our, a.pn. Tncmotnerwasformerly Miss Nancy Smart, of Paris-.BIRTHS.4Paramount Pictures Presents ENID BENNETTIN"NAUGHTY, NAUGHTY"A Thos. H. Ince Production.Also the 16th Episode off,"THE EAGLES EYE""The Raid off the U-53."PricesMATRIMONIAL.RIPY CANTRILL.The ,marriage of Congressman .Campbell Cantrill, of Georgetown,Representative in Congress from theSeventh Kentucky District, to Mrs.Ethel Gist Ripy, of Lawrenceburg,noted club woman, took place Wednesday evening at the home of thebride's aunt, Mrs. T. M. Swann, atWilmington, Delaware, in the presence of a number of relatives and intimate friends of both parties.The groom is well-known to fameas one of the ablest representativesKentucky has had in Congress formany years. His bride is a nativeKentuckian, having been born atNewcastle, in Henry county. She hasbeen prominent in the social and clubcircles of the State.Mr. and Mrs. Cantrill, while in.Washington, will reside in a handsome hopie which Mr. Cantrill purchased a few days ago, evidently inanticipation of the happy eventwhich took- place Wednesday.FISHER DETERMAN.A surprise wedding, in which thedaughter of a projninent Paris man,was one of the principals, took placein Lexington, Wednesday afternoon,when Miss Belle Fisher, daughter ofMr. William P. Fisher, of this city,became the bride of Mr. Alfred Determan, of Covington. It was not untilseveral hours after the wedding hadtaken place that the family of thebride learned of the event.Miss Fisher went to Lexington,Tuesday, presumably for a visit toMrs. Leslie Clark. She was met thereWednesday by the groom, who is abrother of Mr. George Determan, thebrick contractor, of this city. Theyproceeded to the office of MagistrateW. S. Hunt, after securing license.To the witnesses who had been summoned, and to the magistrate, therewas some doubt as to their being oflegal age, judging from their youthful appearance. On being questionedthey both declared they were morethan twenty-one years of age. Theywere accordingly married at 4:30o'clock,, and left immdeiately for thehome of the groom, in Covington.The bride is a handsome young woman, who has a host of friends inParis, where she has been a socialfavorite. Mr. Determan is a youngbusiness man of Covington, who hasbeen a frequent visitor at the homeof his brother, in this city.BOURBON LODGE I. 0. 0. P.ELECTS NEW OFFICERS. 'At the recent meeting of BourbonLodge I. O. O. F., the following offi'Cers were elected to serve for the en.suing term:Noble Grand, John Chisholm; ViceGrand, Walford Ewalt; RecordingSecretary, Wm. A. Lail; FinancialSecretary, A. L. Burley; Treasurer,Homer D. Shy; Host, C. W. Fothergill. At this meeting Judge E. B. January, Chairman of the Hall Committee, was authorized to invest $1,000of the lodge's funds in War SavingsStamps.Mrs. Hawkins, State President ofthe Rebekah Assembly, the woman'sauxiliary of the I. 0. O. F. dodgewill meet with, the members of ParisLodge No. 7, Rebekahs, at the I. O.O. F. lodge room to-night. Allmembers are requested to be presentto meet Mrs. Hawkins.TWO INCIDENTS SHOWING THEFRENCH ENTHUSIASM OVERAMERICA.The wonderful enthusiasm of theFrench people, a nation of fightersthemselves, over the entrance ofAmerica in the war, and over thepresence of the American troops, isshown in the following news items,taken from a recent issue of a Paris(France) daily paper:"Paris has never been so enthusiastic about American soldiers as itshowed itself to be wlien lorries filledwith the soldiers from overseas crossed the city on their way to the front.The Americans were pelted withflowers and cheered as the automobiles passed down the main boulevard. "President Poincare has receivedfrom an American farmer a lettercontaining $50 and the explanationthat the money, one-tenth of hisworldly possessions, is to pay part ofthe debt of the United States ;to Gen.LaFayette. The incident, has evokedgreat enthusiasm in the Frenchpress." , iMarrying 'for money is no worsethan marrying for poverty. .,Saturday, June 29th"William Pox PresentsTOM MIXIN'CUPIDS ROUND-UP'A thrilling story of the Golden West.Also a -Fox"Tom andAt the Alamo Children5c war tax lc; Adults 13c war tax 2c.At the Paris Grand -Children 5c-war tax lc; Adult 13c war tax 2c.Colored persons, Children c war fax lc; Adults 10c war tax lc.DEATHS.BRIERLY.Mrs. J. W. Brierly, a former resident of this county, died Wednesday at her home near Rose Hill inNicholas county, after a long illness.The funeral and burial was heldyesterday at the Jackson Cemetery inthis county.CUMMINS.The funeral of Mr. James Cummins, whose sudden death from apoplexy while at work on his farm, wastold in Tuesday's issue of THE NEWSwas held Wednesday afternoon atthree o'clock, at the residence on theHume and Bedford pike, near Paris.Services were conducted by Rev. W.E. Ellis, pastor of the Paris Christian church. The burial followed onthe family lot in the Paris Cemetery.The pall-bearers were John G.Towles, Wm. W. Hall, Forrest Letton,R. D. Adair, J. H. McGinnis andSanders Perkins.MILEY.The burial of Mrs. Katie BryanMijey, who died at her home inGeorgetown last week, was held inthe Paris Catholic Cemetery, Monday. Funeral services were held inGeorgetown on Monday morning atSt. John's Catholic church.Mrs. Miley was born near Millersburg, and was twice mairied, herfirst husband being Mr. PatrickWhite, of Bourbon county. She wasa sister of Senator M. T. Bryan, of.Washington, . C, and the lateLieut.-Governor Jas. W. Bryan.Summer FootwearThat Will Crowd Every Department Tomorrow, SaturdayThe volume of business transacted by our buying staffmakes our chain of stores the peer of all in bargain giving.White Shoes, Oxfords and Pumpsincluded in this sale at prices less than the cost of making!Ladies' Canvas Boots and Pumps dj QQLadies' Black Kid English Oxfords o QQLadies' Mahogany Tan English o neBoots'and Oxfords yo.VOLadies' Black KidPumpsDAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe Store Where Beauty and EconomyJReifntrFilm ComedyJerry Mix"Senator Bryan came to Paris to attend the funeral.Mrs. Miley was sixty-nine years old.Shev is survived by her husband,Thomas Miley, and three children,John White, of Lexington; HarryWhite, of Akron, Ohio, and Mrs.Thos. Brewster, of Perth Amboy,New Jersey.REBUILDING THE WAR CRIPPLE.New and ingenious appliances havebeen contrived, some of the best ofJ these by the war cripples themselves,to enable the one-armed man tohandle tools. At the vocationalschool at Montpellier, France, a griphas been designed which holds a toolin any desired position. A similarmodification of this permits a workman to hold a tool in the three posi-1 tions in which the screw-driver, hammer and file respectively are held. Inorder that a one-armed turner maydrill a hole, there is a socket fittedwith springs by means of. which thehandle of the tool may be firmlygrasped. By the invention of a specialgauntlet for the use of men ' withmuscilo-spinal paralysis, one carpenter was 'enabled to go back to histrade and two men who were studying designing could use their instruments as handily as uninjured men.Often, however, an arm-stump canbe so strengthened that the workman lays his complicated artificialarm aside, getting along better withwhat natural strength and skill remains to him Men who have losttheir right arm are , taught to usetheir left. In certain German schoolsSPECIALSEvery Department is aBargainCenter !Ladies' mostbeautiful Gray,Mahogany, TanBlack and White KidBOOTS, OXFORDSAND PUMPVWalk-Over and other famous makes, at bargainprices.Men's Tan and Black Shoes and o jqOxfords, good makes j-tJMen's Dark Tan English Shoes and r- AAOxfords, Vyalk-Over $D.UUMen's Gun Metal Button n maand Lace Shoes 4"Boys' Gun Metal Lace and i (rtButton Shoes f l.uuMen's Tan Scouts r jat JZ.Z4;.$2.49IN"SELFISH YATES'A brilliant story of the first frontier.Also a Sunshine Comedy,"Her Husband's Wife."a four or five weeks course in training the left hand is given them beforethey are permitted to enter a tradecourse. The teachers in such classesare themselves one-armed and the instruction includes dressing, feeding,shaving, writing, drawing, the use ofsimple tools, gymnastics and sports.One expert recommends that jugglersbe engaged to assist in teaching theone-handed. Douglas C. McMurtrie,in American Industries.HOW ENGLISH GROWS.If English speaking people of today do not talk more than their ancestors it is not for lack of a vastlyincreased number of words in whichto convert their thoughts. The firstEnglish dictionary, published threecenturies ago, contained 5,050 words;the most recent more than 450,000.Samuel Johnson's famous complication, which appeared in 1755, listed50,000 and was considered a marvelof erudition, but it was far exceededby Noah Webster's American dictionary, first published in 1828, whichincluded 160,000 words.It is estimated that the Englishlanguage, which is spoken by morepeople than any other Europeantongue, is now growing at the rate of5,000 words a year, for, besides slangand techincal terms, it borrows fromall tongues. The war' alone will undoubtedly add many thousands. Thefirst of the worlds' dictionaries was,of course, a Chinese work, and wasperfected about 1100 B. C. by Pa-out-she.iiiK z LxX-JvSi"?"Tf