'!.t -tf.s- jp-. r Af.-aaisgi"g'.hK' 'THENEWSV .PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY EST THE YEAR.$.VOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1918fc j- VW"WBOURBONRTG DRAFT CALL ISSUED FOROCTOBER 7-12.The largest single call ever pnadebv Maj. Henry Rhodes, Chief of theSelective Draft Service Department,care Saturday when he called on thevarious Draft Boards for 7,483 whitemen to be sent to Camp Sevier, nearGreenville, S. C, October 7 to 12.Of this number Bourbon county willhe called on to furnish thirty-eight.The quotas for the Central Kentuckycounties are as follows:ttntirhnn. 38: Clark. 56: Fayette,SO- Franklin, 14; Harrison, 62; Jes-e-Aine.32: Madison, 113; Mason,S4 Montgomery, 44; Nicholas, 38;Pendleton, 23; Scott, 36; Woodford,5In a bulletin to the local DraftBoards announcing this call MajorRhodes said: m' In filling this call which is announced herein the local boards ofthe State of Kentucky are placed ina position where the result of thesuccessful entrainment of this largeincrement of men will determineevery weak point in the (machinery ofthe Selective Service organization inthe State. You are to-day swampedwith work on account of the lateregi-tration, which was carried outvery successfully, and with the mailing out of the Questionnaires to thosemen who registered and who werebetv.een the ages of 19 and 37. Mylocal boards have never yet failed onany task, no matter how great it mayhave been, and I look to you withconfidence that, although you havemore work than ever "before, thislarge call, which is the largest singlecall ever announced by this officewill be filled without a deficiency onthe part of any local board."T Buy Liberty BondsBELGIAN RELIEF CAMPAIGNThe official week of the campaignfor Belgian Relief began yesterday,and will continue throughout theweek and including the last day ofthejmonth. The committee of womenwho a little while ago were engagedin accumulating second-hand clothing for the Belgian sufferers, andwho had headquarters where thecontributions could be left, will againbe actively at work, the place to beannounced later. Committees will beformed to handle all the details ofthe campaign so as to make the workas thorough and as systematic aspossible. In addition to dependingupon volunteer contributions it willbe found advantageous to arrangefnr "flvinsr sauadrons" trucks ortmc to cniiect clothing from thehomes giving them.It is unnecessary to say that clothing is sadly needed in the country sosorely stricken, but it is well to suggest to those who have clothing tocontribute to the cause, that it be ofthe proper kind to send. No flimsy,cast-aside finery, ball gowns and suchare not wanted. These would be sadly out of place and of no possible use.Gay colors should also be avoided.Most of us have some dark-coloredgarments of substantial material, andof suitable design, which would bemost acceptable, both in male andfemale attire. Shoes of all sizes anddescriptions, with the exception ofhigh-heeled slippers or rubber footwear, are wanted. Let's all lookover our castaway garments and wecan surely find something to send.Buy Liberty BondsFROSTY DAYS APPEAE; BUT OLDSOL ON JOB.Clear skies and a temperatureranging fropi 34 to 40 degrees Saturday and Sunday brought to Parispeople a suggestion of the cold daysto come. The first frost of the season made its appearance Saturdaynight, being of the kind known toold-timers as "a white frost" Verylittle damage was done to growingvegetation except to such tendergrowths as tomatoes, beans andsweet potatoes. Overcoats and blankets laid away since early springwere brought out and put into service. Sunday was as nearly a. perfect day as September could bring.There was just enough tang to theair to make it like a tonic, and withthe bright sunshine over all, lifeseemed really worth while. Manywho had heretofore spent the afternoon in joyriding, hiked to the"green fields far away" and realizedthe value of walking as a healthfulexercise. Yesterday was a repetitionof Sunday, execept that it was a littlewarmer.The weather bureau's prodictionsfor to-day are for fair and warjmer,through the Ohio Valley and Tennessee. Buy Liberty BondsCHOICE SHORTHOBNS AT AUCTIONCALF GIVEN TO THEBED CROSS.At Goff & Rice's sale, Sept 26, of35 head of registered Shorthorn cattle, a calf will be given to Red Cross.(20-2t)Buy Liberty BondsSEE FELD'S SCHOOL SHOESBESTAND STRONGEST LINE.What about your boy's, Misses'and children's school shoes? Don'toverlook Feld's Shoe Store when youare ready to buy. As usual we havethe best and strongest line to selectfrom. (sept3-tf)- Buy Liberty BondsJUNIOR ORDER MEETINGA full attendance of the membership of Bourbon Council J. O. U. A.M., is requested to be present at themeeting to be held to-night, A committee ' from the North MiddletownJCouncil will be present to discuss thequestion -of consolidation of the twoCouncils.A COPY OF THE COMMITTEE'SLetter to the Public Utilities Commission oi tne variousStates."Washington, D. C,"August 23, 1918.Gentlemen:the creation by Congress of the Capital xssues committee tor tne purposeof giving effect to the Government'sDOlicV Of 'War "RllsinAcis "EMr-af Kirsunervisins: the issuance of new spMir.jities for capital expenditures. It ispiain mat an or us must avoid everyunnecessary use of capital, involvingalso the use of labor and materials,in order not to interfere with thefinancial and industrial requirementsof the Government in its paramounttask of making war."If the jmen, money and materialwhich the government needs are tobe jmade available for essential warpurposes, there must necessarily be aconsiderable degree of sacrifice onthe part of individuals, communitiesand corporations in adjusting themselves to the substitutions andcha-nged standards which the situation compels. Existing facilitiesmust be made to serve in place ofnew ones, regardless of temporaryinconvenience and discomfort, unlessthe public health or paramount localeconomic necessity is involved.. "May we suggest to you that theseconsiderations apply with markedforce to the public utility situation.The extensions and bettermentswhich public utility corporations areaccustomed to make in normal times,either on the initiative of their ownenterprise or by direction of the 'regulating commissions under whichthey operate, should, in our opinion,be postopned until after the war, unless an immediate war purpose isserved, and pnay we ask of you consideration of the propriety of deferring even the performance of contractual obligations arising fromfranchise or other local requirements,when no military or local necessity isserved by such expenditures."The Capital Issues Committeefeels certain that your Commissionwill recognize the paramount needof the National Government whenpassing upon proposed additions andextensions by public utility companies, and asks that you co-operate ingiving effect to the purposes of theGovernment by restrictin'g every unnecessary use of capital, labor andmaterials for extensions, betterments, street paving, or other purposes, - even -waiving, if" in yourpower, the legal requirments thatobtain in times of peace, until thepresent emergency has passed."Yours very truly,"C. S. HAMLIN,"Chairman."Buy Liberty BovdsREAL ESTATE DEALS AND LANDSALES.Dr. F. L. Lapsley, formerly of Paris,has sold the 232-acre farm on theState pike,. five miles west of Shelbyville, which he purchased from JohnA. Rodman, to E. P. Ransdell, of Sanders, for 555,000. Possession will begiven March 1. The deal was ;madethrough the Allie Pearce RealtyCompany.. Through Harris & Speakes, ofParis, Mrs. Elizabeth Crump purchased of Mrs.. Gertrude Henry, thetetter's property,'' consisting ofdwellings, blacksmith shop, etc., inLittle Rock, for $3,000. The property was disposed of at public auction held on the premises.Auctioneer Geo. D. Speakes, ofHarris & Speaker returned Saturdayfrom Winchester, where he officiatedat the sale of two Clark county farmsfor the real estate firm of Scott &Adcock. One farm of 128 acres soldfor $165.25 an acre, and the other,containing fifty-nine acres, brought$198 an acre.The Paris Realty Co. sold Saturdayfor Mr. Jesse Kennedy a tract of tenacres of land, with improvements,located on the Clintonville pike, toMr. Richard Stewart, of Paris. Theprice paid was not given out for publication. Auctioneer George D. Speakes wasin Carlisle, Saturday, where he conducted the sale of a residence belonging to Mr. Callear, of Pittsburg,Pa., to Mr. A. Kimbrough, for $3,500.Mr. Speakes also sold a tract of landnear Carlisle, containing fifty acres,belonging to J. D. Burns, to JamesMartin, for $169 per acre.Buy Liberty BondsOAK AND CYPRESS TOBACCOSTICKS RESERVE YOUR NEEDSPlenty of tobacco sticks on hand,oak and cypress. Call us and haveus reserve what you rieed.BOURBON LUMBER CO.(20-2t)Buy Liberty BondsRED ASH COAL NOW BEST ONMARKET.Don't forget you can get the bestof "Red Ash Coal" at Dodson's yard.Put your order in. early.W. Cv DODSON.(17-tf)Buy Liberty BondsSCHOOL OPENINGS.The Kentucky Classical and Business College at North Middletownhas begun the fall term with an attendance much larger than that offormer years. The principal, Rev.R. H. Ellett. is assisted by Miss MaryEllett, in. the primary department,Miss Alma Rice, Jn the grammar department, and Mile Mason, of Jllinnic in th-A miKifi flenfcrtment. while'Miss Florence Dick will hav$ chargeJ of the' primary circle. tBOURBON STOCKMEN FIGURE INSTATE FAIR SALES.The auction sales of fatted and'beef cattle at the Kentnp.irv .estateFair drew a large crowd of bidders,ana record prices were obtained forevery class of cattle offered. Thegrand champion steer, owner? hv tvivHarvey Chenault, of Bourbon county,was Dougnt by Mr. W. H. Webb, ofthe Louisville Provision Co.. for threcord price of $1.50 per pound, netting the neat sum of $2,400 for thesteer, which weighed 1,600 pounds.a canoad of Shorthorn steers offered by H. S. Caywood, of Paris, wasbought by B. S. Mattingly, of thefirm of Goodrich Comnanv. forNashville, Tenn., feeder at the handsome price of $20.75 a hundredpounds. This lot averasred 1.1 fiSpounds each.A lot of black polled Angus cattleoffered by Mr. James M. Caldwell, ofBourbon COUntv. was hnnerht hv MW. A. Thomason, representing the-rnuaaeipnia consolidated Dressed.Beef Co. at $20.50 per hundredpounds. There were fifteen head ofcattle in the lot, their averageweight being 1,432 pounds.A carload of black feeding cattleoffered by Caywood & Duvall, ofParis, went to B. F. Trotter, representing a Cincinnati company, for$15 per hundred pounds. This lotcontained twenty cattle, whoseweight averaged 1,077 pounds.A lot of first prize yearling steersoffered by Calwood & Duvall, weresold to Mr. Samuel Clay, of Bourboncounty, at $16.35 per hundredpounds. This lot comprised sixteencattle, their average weight being775 pounds. A lot of first prizeyearling heifers offered by the sameparties were sold by the head andwere all bought by J. C. Williamson,of Ohio.- Buy Liberty Bonds VRACING SCENE SHIFTS TO LOUISVILLE TRACK.Yesterday the scene of thoroughbred racing in Kentucky shiftedfrom Lexington to the home of Douglas Park Jockey Club, in Louisville.Throughout the whole of this week,the thoroughbred will hold forth atDouglas Park, and then they willmove on to Churchill Downs for another week, after which the sceneof racing will again shift to Latonia,where the season will close Saturday,November 2.Preparations are complete for thelujticu.iij.ji ui me uuugiaa jrarjn meeting. Except for the notable increasein the purse values, the meeting willclosely follow in all essential detailsthe arrangements of previous seasons.There will be the usual seven racesdaily and in order that the programmay be completed each afternoon inepnple time to permit patrons of thesport to return to their homes before dark, the management has announced 2:15 as the starting time forthe opening race each afternoon.I We "know" how I3& FALL HATSAre Now ReadymiExclusive showing of JohnB. Stetson famous line ofSOFT AND STIFF HATSAll the new shades seal brown, snuff, applegreen, bottle green, pearl, Oxford greys and blacks.Scratch Finish Hats and Velours will be very popularthis Fall, and we advise an early inspection of ourstock.PRICES$5 to $10The Stetson Feature Hat at $6.00, a verySstylishhat that you will find very becoming to the averageman.MITCHELL & BLAKEMORESole Agents ForNettleton andjr. Reed's Cushion Sole Shoes ,KENTUCKY DISTILLERIES TO BESOLD AT AUCTIONThe Kentucky Distilleries & Warehouse Compa-ny and Julius Kessler &Company will sell at auction on October 1 all property, except whiskyin storage and the main plant at thehead of Mellwood avenue, Louisville,where alcohol is being manufactured,held by the two concerns fn. Kentucky. The property to be sold embraces twenty distilleries and manywhisky brands which are knownthroughout the world.Included in the Kessler offeringare four distilleries a-nd a number ofworld-famous brands including Bourbon Club, Sajm Clay, Lewis Hunterand Marion County. The distilleryproperty offered by this company arethe Atherton plant, at Atherton, Ky. ;the Paris distillery, at Paris; theHunter distillery, at Lair, Harrisoncounty, Kentucky, and the Marioncounty distillery, at Thirty-first andItudd streets, Louisville.Distilleries included in the list arethe Mayfield and Windsor plants, atAthertonville; the Miles and Belle ofNelson plants at New Hope; theBluegrass and Boone Knoll pla-nts atCamp Nelson, Jessamine county;Bond & Lillard, Lawrenceburg;Boonef county plant at Petersburg;the Darling plant at Prestonville;the Hanning distillery at Owensboro;the Hume distillery at Silver Creek;Madison county; the Keller distilleryat Keller's Switch, Harrison county;the Lancaster Distillery at Bardstown; the Ripy distillery in Anderson county; the Spring Hill plant inFranklin county; the Wathen plantat Twenty-sixth and Broadway, Louisville; the Mattingly plant onWestern parkway, the CrystalSprings property on Brook street, between Ormsby and Magnolia avenues. Buy Liberty Bonds"NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.The impression has gotten outthrough the publication of an advertisement by the Paris Realty Co.,offering a transfer business for salethat I intend retiring from business.This is misleading, as it was not mybusiness referred to. I will remain inthe transfer busness, which hasgrown to such proportions that itkeeps me busy day and night. I wishin this way to offset the wrongfulimpression that I was going out ofbusiness.W. P. FISHER,( 2i-2t) The Fisher Transfer Co.Buy Liberty Bonds -PLACE YOUR ORDER NOW FORRED ASH COAL.Having connected myself with theRaymond Coal Company, will have ina few days plenty of best of "RedAsh Coal." Due announcement willbe made of its arrival.Place your order withW. C. DODSON, Manager.(17-tf):I' IN THE SERVICE OF THEIRCOUNTRY.I James I. Farrow, who went toCamp Zachary Taylor some time agowith one of the draft contingents! from this county, has returned home,having been discharged as physicallyunnt.Lieut Webb Bratton, fonmerly ofParis, now stationed with the ThirdInfantry U. S. A. at Camp Gordon,Georgia, is a guest of his mother,Mrs. John L. Bosley, near NorthMiddletown. -Mr. J. E. Wells, of near Paris, wasa guest from Sunday to yesterday ofhis son, Private James H. Wells, atCamp Zachary Taylor, where he is amember of the Bourbon county draftcontingent.Miss Edith Hanna, who is a member of the Dr. Barrow Base HospitalUnit No. 40, has written to her sisterMrs. Elbridge Snapp, of Paris, thatshe is now in a convoy hospital, andthat she is very comfortably situated.Private Hobert Case, formerly afireman on this division of the Louisvell & Nashville, a son of Mr. andMrs. Alonzo Case, of Paris, writes tofriends here telling of his arrival.overseas, but not giving his location.He is m the railway signal branch ofthe service.William H. Freeman and brother,Shelby Freeman, who are stationedat Camp Zachary Taylor, were guestsfrom Sunday to Monday morning oftheir aunt, Mrs. Rebecca Rudisill, onSouth High street. Mrs. Rudisill hasseven nephews in the service, all ofwhom volunteered.THE NEWS is requested to statefor the benefit of the general publicthat nothing can be sent by parcelpost to soldiers in foreign countriesexcept on their written request signed by a superior officer. The writtenrequest must be placed in "the package in the presence of the postmaster. A flag containing thirteen stars,each representing a draftee from thevicinity, was unfurled at the PalmerSchool house, jiear Paris, at threeo'clock Sunday afternoon. LawrenceD. Mitchell and John Willie Jones, ofNorth Middletown, presided at themeeting, and delivered appropriateaddresses.Evan Mann, a Bourbon countysoldier, mentioned in Government reports some days ago as missing inFrance,' wrote to his father, Mr. Morton Mann, of Shawhan, under dateof August 10, stating that he waswell, and still chasing the Huns inright good fashion.Sergeant Rollin O. Moore, the Lexington Marine Corps recruiting officer, has received orders to resume enlistments in the "Devil Dogs" branchOctober 1. All branches of the service will be open to volunteers andany man between the ages of 18 and45 years can secure release from hisdraft board and sign with the Marines. Mrs. Edward Turner, of near Paris,is in receipt of a letter from her son,Mr. Harmon Turner, in which hestated that he was at that time writing from the Philadelphia NavyYard, and that he would probablysoon be on his way overseas. Hesaid that most of the company he hadbeen sent with had already goneover.Mr. Landrum Payne, who hasbeen at home on a furlough visit tohis parents, Postmaster and Mrs. J.Walter Payne, returned Saturday toRochester, New York. This washis first visit home since he enlistedin the service eighteen months ago.He is a (member of the XJ. S. AviationCorps, in the aerial photography division. Mr. and Mrs. B. F. Sledd, of nearNorth Middletown, have received aletter from their son, Mr. HerbertSledd, who is a member of the Barrow Base Hospital Unit No. 40, stationed in England. He states thatall the members are in excellenthealth, and that they are enjoyingthemselves. The climate at the timehis letter was written was fine, withthe air bracing and the sunshinewarm and cherry.Relatives in Georgetown have beennotified that Lieut. Jarvis Offutt hadbeen killed in action in- France.Lieut- Offutt was a son of sthe lateHon. Chas. Offutt, a prominent member of the Bourbon county bar, andat one time Speaker of the KentuckyHouse of Representatives, and. was agrandson of the late Mr. Lem, t)ff utt,of Paris. He -was a special ferrypilot of the Royal Air Forces, andcrossed the English Channel daily todeliver planes from the factory inEngland to the battle front in France.T V TOfficers' Training Camps are againopen to" civilians as before August 8,attording to a telegram from thefWar Department received by Captain N. H. Royden, of Lexington, examining officer for the State of Kentucky. .Onthe date (mentioned, applications of civilians to officers' training camps "were forbidden, as it-vasthought the Student Officers' Training Corps would .provide ..all officersneeded within the near future. AllWOMEN OF CONFEDERACY DT-"DORSE WILSON'S COURSE. -With a ringing indorsement ofPresident Wilson and his w -. poses and a renewal of the pledge ofjuyaiLy oi me z,&uu odd members ofthe organization in the State, theKentucky division of the UniteiDaughters of the Confederacy, closedtheir annual convention at Springfield, Friday afternoon, with election,of officers for the ensuing year.Expressing entire approval of theadministration of Mrs. James B.Camp, of Louisville, the conventionunanimously re-elected Mrs. CampState president, and chose the follow--ingadditional officers: First vicepresident, Mrs. Frank Gentry, Lexington; second vice-president; Mrs.George R. Spillman, Danville; thirdvice-president, Mrs. Edpionia Roberts, Bardstown; recording secretary,Mrs. W. J. Stone, Frankfort; correaponding secretary, Mrs. Charles Jenkins, Louisville; treasurer, Mrs. Sadie McCormick, Winchester; registrar, Mrs. Alexander McMeekin,Bloomfield; author, Mrs. Oscar Walkel, Springfield; chaplain, Mrs. L. G.Malthy, Maysville; vice-chaplain,Mrs. Russell Mann, Paris; historian,Mrs. Walter Matthews, Lexington,and custodian of crosses, Mrs. Chas.A. Hardin, Harrodsburg.Buy Liberty BondsPAMS HIGH SCHOOL NOTESTo-day will witness the inauguration in the school of a new feature,the sewing room, which has been arranged by Miss Marrs, a graduate ofthe Thomas School of Home Economies, at Detroit, Mich. Miss Marrs isin charge of the work in the Domestic Science departpnent.New Laboratories are being "fittedup in the school. Two of these, onefor the demonstration of physics andthe other for chemistry, will be inreadiness in a short time. A fiveyears' course in science will be givenunder the supervision of Miss FrancesButler, the instructor.New courses in French and Spanish are to be included in the curricula.. The French classes are nowfull. Plans are being: made for offering a course in the study of Frenchto drafted men m the night schoolwho desire to acquire tie rudintentsvof the language before entering theservice.Buy Liberty BondsHOUSES-POISONED- 'BY-ATWG-SOTTTYWHEAT.Three horses belonging to Commodore Masterson were poisoned by eat-,ing smutty wheat on the Bishop Hibr"ler fearm near Muir. One of thehorses 'died, and the others were onlysaved by heroic efforts. -civilians beaween the ages of 18 and46, who are not in deferred classification because of industry, occupation, or employment, including agriculture, may apply.Capt. and Mrs. Morton C. Colliverwere visitors from Saturday to Mon-aay at tne nome ot tne formersmother, Mrs. J. H. Colliver, on Fith.ian avenue. Capt. Colliver is stationed at Camp Zachary Taylor.Blair Varden was at home fromCamp Zachary Taylor from Saturday:to Monday, as a guest at the home ofhis parents, Dr. and Mrs. Geo. S. -Vtarden.Several interesting letters from,soldiers and sailors have been unavoidably crowded over to anotherissue. Several were received too la'tefor insertion on page three, whereothers are published in this issue.James Tinder and John L. Biven,both of North Middletown, have entered the Student Arpay TrainingCorps at Camp Buell, Lexington. Mr.Tinder is attending the TransylvaniaUniversity, and Mr. Bivin is at theUniversity of Kentucky.Provost Marshal General Crowderhas sent out calls to the Governorsof 34 States and the draft executivesof the District of Columbia for 13,-000 white men qualified for limitedservice to be sent to camp betweenSeptember 30 and Ootober 4.-Thirty-eight white men from Bourbon county will be called into servicebetween October 7 and 12, under acall issued Sunday by Major HenryRhodes, chief of the Selective DraftService. The men will be sent toCamp Sevier, near Greenville, SouthCarolina.Mrs. Jos. M. Rion, of Paris, received a letter yesterday from hergrandson, Rene Clark, at Norfolk,Va., in which he stated that he hadbeen transferred there from theGreat Lakes Naval Training Statioa.Young Clark was in the Base Hospital at Norfolk, suffering from anattack of Spanish influenza, but wasnot seriously ill. His ccpipany arrived at Norfolk last Thursday.Chief of Police Link, of Paris, Te-ceived a telegram Sunday from theGreat Lakes Naval Training Station,announcing the death of a relative,Raymond Link, of this countyYoungLink was a son of Mr. and Mrs. Geo.Link, of nearr Hutchison, He lefthere several weeka ago with a- partyof Paris boys,, who had volunteered .in the service, The telegram gaveJ no particulars. The body willshipped to his-old home near Hutefc-ison.-1MPAGE TWOTUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1918.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.IE BOURBON NEWSfctablished 188136 Years of Conthroous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and PridayPer Year.. $2.00 6 Months.. $1.00Payable In Adavance.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and OwnerAny erroneous reflection upon the(Aaz&cier, standing or reputation ofJFMj person, firm or corporation whichfcMj appear In the columns of THEBOURBON NEWS will he gladly coriwoted If brought to attention of thejrtttor.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 pertech 'for first time; 50 cents per inchach subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineitch issue; reading notices in blackgrpe, 20 cents per line, each Issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertiseamenta -and yearly contracts.The right of publisher Is reservedto decline any advertisement or otherautter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.- - This 6&er has enlistedjmth the government in thejcause of America for theeriod of the warEDITOEIAL MUSINGS..uyAncient and Modern LanguagesVill the so-called dead languagesdrop out of our high schools andcolleges? Certainly the records ofwork on which the diplomas are being awarded, give a little less speceevery year to these subjects. Latinstill n'as a large place, but Greek hasalmost dropped out of sight.As a practical business propositionit does not seem much use for theordinary boy to study Greek to-day.French and Spanish'help him to keepcloser in touch with the current ofmodern, life. A business man findsao Greek in his newspaper; he isnever called on to write a letter ineither that language or Latin.At the same time, when a studentdrops the classics, here are certainlosses that are not made good. If hestudies the old languages, particularly Greek, he follows the thought ofcertain great philosophers whichmust enlarge his conception of life.The classic world emphasized ideasthat ore badly -needed to-day. Theold philosophers dwelt upon the obligation of the citizen to the State,obedience to law, the necessity of atemperate, well-rounded balance of&1J the elements necessary to successful life. It was a healthy mindedphilosophy. The student's thought isfilled- with noble images of heroism,self-sacrifice and civic spirit.The student of modern languagesspends his time very largely on trivial plays, novels and conversationererciBes, whose philosophy is notelevating or ennobling. He is closertothe current of dally life, but hasreceived no inspiration of spirit.'it is, of course, useless to turnaac&Lthe educational tide. The business. -man must study the aspects oflife that bring him the closest to themodern world. But American lifejieeds men- of thought as well as ofaction. Those who aspire to bewriters, preachers, teachers, can notafford' to neglect the noble ideals ofthe wonderful' old classics.A Hint to Advertisers.Oner of the greatest faults in advertising is the attempt to crowd toomuch into a given space. The eyewearies of fine type. Life is busy,and a large bulk of closely set matter is repellant. People look it over,for they are keenly interested in advertising. But they will not read itas, carefully as they would a noticelif larger type. Too many detailsconfuse the attention.A great many firms in advertisinga mark-down sale will specify alargo number of items in every department of the store, itemizingeach grade of goods, and showinghow much the cut is in each item.That takes a lot of space. Usuallyit' becomes necessary to put it in.smalL-type. It would seem better toname specifically only a few of theitems. A line or two of space should"be used in giving a little terse information about the goods, putting thewhole thing in larger type that isJmore- attractive and restfuL to theeye.This is no plea to the merchantto increase the amount of newspaperspice that he is using. It is a plea,after a merchant has decided whatspice lie can afford, to handle it insuch a way as to attract and pleaseth. reader's eye.' The caption placed over an advertisempnt is exceediagly important.Some merchants head it simply withthe hame of? their ftrmhibig blacktype. Thatfetirsmo particular interest. The reader is not interested' Inthe success of a particular store. -Hewants to know how he can benefithimself. If he is in a hurry he (mayonly read the headlines of an advertisement. Unless the headline suggests to him that it will be of interest to read further, he might skip thewhole thing.A more effective method is to givean advertisement a heading just asif it was a new story as every advertisement should be. The advertiser should pick out the big centralfeature of his message and put thatin black type. The -name of the storecan be put in large type at the bottom or otherwise featured.Music a War-Time Need.In a recent editorial GovernorWhitman, of New York, said: "Musicis almost at essential to the soldieras well-cooked food, for while thearmy travels on its stomach, it fightson its spirits."- "Our soldiers nowfighting in the shell-torn fields on thewestern front turn instinctively tomusic for refreshment, for strength.We can not drill recruits if we haveno music. Certainly they can notmarch for miles over heavy roadswithout music.And it's just the same at home.Music is God's gift" to the weary. Itis educational, inspiring. It sendsred blood tingling through our veinsand fits us for the setrn battles ofanxiety that are to be fought athome.Home ties are drawing closer. Wedo not know when they will1)ebroken, and so there is an increasingtenderness, a new devotion, one toanother. We need music to cheer, tohold the fragrance of home throughdays of anxious waiting. Music,therefore, is not a non-essential. Itis an absolute necessity. Mother needsit for comfort and consolation. Father needs it for inspiration and relaxation. The children need it fortheir musical education.Pa TS ttOVER THE TOP WITH THE 1919WHEAT CROP."Now is the time to go over thetop with next year's wheat crop,"says a well-known wheat grower ofthis county. He says, "The yield ofwheat at threshing time is largely determined before ever a seed sprouts.The land should be well plowedearly, kept cultivated to conservemoisture and then the very best seedavailable planted. No diseased seedshould ever be planted until properly treated with hot water or formaldehyde to kill smut and other diseases. Wheat must also be well fed.Therefore, haul out all the barn manure that is available. Since manureis low in phosphate acid, the plantfood needed by the wheat plant toproduce the grain, it is wise to use200 to 300 pounds of acid phosphateto the acre if it can be secured.When no manure is used then applya fertilizer analyzing 2 per cent,nitrogen and 8 to 10 per cent, phosphoric acid." (20-tf)13 m EaPLANS COMFORTABLE PLACESEOR NURSES "OIT DUTY."To give Army and Navy nurses acomfortable place In which to spendtheir hours "off duty," the AmericanRed Cross will provide specialNurses' Recreation Houses at alllarge base hospitals to cost about?350,000.Contracts have been let for fortyof these houses, several of which arealready completed.Each building, similar in archi-"tecture to the Convalescent Housesfor soldiers, though smaller, providesa large and comfortable loungingroom attractively furnished and adining rooftn, kitchen and laundry.The large room will be supplied witheasy chairs and couches, tables, writing desks, piano or phonograph andspecial library. A complete equipment of dishes, linen, sewing machines and utensils will be installedin the service end of the house so thatthe nurses may prepare special dishesor serve meals -for- themselves andtheir friends or make or launder garments when necessary.These houses were provided as soonas it was learned that the nurses hadno attractive rest rooms and wereobliged either to stay in their bediooms or to sit in a narrow corridorlike space set aside for thejm.In some of the camps, the RedCross not only has provided thesehouses, but has secured cottagesnearby in the mountains or at the seashore, where nurses, especially inneed of rest, can go for a recuperative week end. The nurses keephouse for themselves.At hospital inaccessible by trolley,the Camp Service people put RedCross cars at the disposal of -nurseswho wish to get away for an hour ortwo from scenes of sickness. Theseplans are carried out with the approval of the military authoritieswho report that these recreationalmeasures play an important part inkeeping the nurses happy and efficient. JE3 feOozing Fountain Pent.An application of heavy oil to theJoints of a fountain pen will effectivelyovercome the oozing out of ink atthese places, says Popular MechanicsMagazine. The types of fountainpens, having points which disappear by turning a section of thebarrel, sometimes leak because ofwear. To remedy this, soak thepen In warm water and permit todry, particularly inside. Then applyoil on the spindle that is revolved.Heavy cylinder oil is the best for thepurpose. The lubricant should beworked through the bearing from endto end. The pen is then refilled andexcess oil wiped off.Flowers are more fragrant whenthe sun Is notr shining on them, it Iscontended by a French scientist.PLAYING-THEHUN GAME.-iThere are numeraushways of playing into the hands lof tlie Kaiser andhis minions of murder. Most of themare directly traceable to over confidence. With too many of us the wish isfather to the thought that this waris soon to be finished in German defeat. We read behind the lines as itwere in the daily newspaper reportsof successive allied advances andsee the way soon open to the Rhineand -next to Berlin.But don't permit yourself to be deceived too readily. It's a long wayto Potsdam Palace. And the closerthe allies get the harder the fightingwill be.For the Germans, once pushedback upon their own soil, will fightto the death.And they are yet far from beingon their own soil.It is now approximately 120 milesfrom . Ypres to the German border.It is about 420 miles from St. Quentin to Berlin. There is many a milepost between. Many a mile that willbe hard fought over. That will bebought at the cost of many lives.Moreover, there is the Russian situation to be iro-ned out; a situationfraught with teremendous menace.German influence still seems dominant there. German intrigue precipitated the present chaos. Germanpoison is still being administered tothe foggy Russian mind. Ger,manywill leave nothing undone to maintain her advantage.And if Russian armed assistancemay be mustered by Germany it onlyadds immensely to the bloody taskahead of us.Then, too,' there are the Balkans,where Germany is supreme. Serbiamust be rescued. Roumania mustbe unshackled . Bulgaria seemsthreatening to revolt against German throttling, but that is onlyproblematical. In the finish the Balkan situation must be cleared upalso. And Europe has been unable todo this in half a century.So, when the situation is fully andclearly analyzed, it isn't as promising as we have sometimes permittedourselves to believe. It becomes moreand (more clear that we yet have along road ahead of us to VictoryDay.We mustn't slack in our efforts,our assistance, our willingness toserve, through any misconception ofthe facts. We must continue to sacrifice. We must buy Liberty Bonds asfreely now as in the earlier drives.Uncle Sam needs our help morethan ever.a te ItsKEEP BOYS AT STUDIES v(Chicago News)Because employment is plentifuland wages are good many boys ofhigh school age are strongly temptedto leave their studies and enter upontasks that will provide them withspending jmoney earned by their ownefforts. Now that a new school yearhas begun, these boys and their relatives and friends should considerwell the serious objections that exist to their abandoment of schooltraining at an unnecessarily earlyage.Fortunately special efforts are being put forth to induce youths to remain in school. A State EducationalCommittee has been appointed to dealwith the matter and a canvass is being made to ascertain the intentionsof the boys who are of school age.Teachers have been requested to consult with each of their last year'spupils and assist in furnishing themwith wie guidance at this criticaltime in their lives.No effort should be spared to encourage boys and young men to complete their educational training Ifconditions justify them in so doing.Francis G. Blair, State Superintendent of Public Instruction, say3 trulythat the State and nation now needas never before men who can thinkstraight as well as shoot straight,and that in the reconstruction periodfollowing the war trained minds willbe In demand everywhere.Encouraging boys to remain Inschool does not involve discouragement of their desire to engage Insome profitable emploment, but ittends to give intelligent direction tothat desire. Thousands of Illinoisboys have done important work during the vacation season on farms, infactories and elsewhere. Thus theyhave aided the nation materially. Byreason of that service they are betterfitted than they would have beenotherwise to pursue their schoolwork intelligently and diligently.la ts ftGERMAN MINISTERS ASK BLESSINGS ON PRESIDENT.Speaking in German near 200 ministers and elders attending the thirtyseventh annual session of the CentralSynod of the Reformed Church of theUnited States at Sandusky, O., asked Heaven to bless President Wilsonand to "send a speedy victory to theAllies."The session was in German out ofconsideration for a number of agedclergymen who know no other language. ft ft TBIFOR WEAK STOMACH.The great relief afforded by Chamberlain's Tablets in a multitude ofcases has fully proven the great valueof this preparation for a weak 'stomach and impaired digestion. In manycases this relief has become permanent and the sufferers have been completely restored to health.s (sept-adv)BACKING UP PRtfOFThe Kind That Paris People dannotDenyMany an earnest Paris man or woman has publicly endorsed Doan'sKidney Pills.Week after week, month aftermonth you've read their statements.Would these Paris people recommend any medicine if it were notgood?Would they confirm and repeattheir statements after years hadpassed?Local proof is good evidence.Testimony confirmed years afteris better evidence.The following Paris man's statement leaves no room for doubt.It must convince every kidney sufferer who reads it.If your back aches if your kidneys are weak, profit by the experience of George McCandles, Secondstreet. He says: "My kidneys wereinactive and I had backaches. Doan'sKidney Pills put a stop to all thetrouble and they gave me completerelief."(Statement given January 17,1912.)NO TROUBLE SINCE.Over four years later, or on November 9, 1916, Mr. CcCandles said:"I haven't had any need of a kidneyremedy since I last endorsed Doan'sKidney Pills. I consider (myselfpermanently cured."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for'a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. McCandles. had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)SAFEGUARDING UNCLE SAM'SMONEY.A statement recently issued bythe War Finance Corporation makesit clear that practically no loans oradvances are being made by theGovernment to borrowers under the"exceptional cases" clause of theact which created the War FinanceCorporation. The policy of the corporation is to furnish assistance tothe war industries through localbanks. The Government Corporationdeclares that the public utility companies should have the co-operationof the communities in which theyoperate, and emphasis is laid uponthe fact that it is the duty of thecommunities to aid in the readjustment of these enterprises and Institutions, in order that they may reestablish themselves in harmonywith the changed conditions broughtabout by the war.While it may not be a particularlyhappy reflection, still the fact remains that the five-cent car fare has"passed out" in many cities, andsix and seven-cent car fares havebeen adopted in order to meet thecost of operation and maintenanceof the trolly lines. The War Finance Corporation declares that:"Whatever the charges do no amountto adequate compensation for theservice rendered, relief can be hadonly through the appropriate localauthorities." The hope is expressedby the War Finance Corporation"that the local authorities will -nodoubt respond promptly, in case warrelief is needed because of changedconditions, as it is clear that thesoundness and efficiency of publicutilities is intimately connected withthe vigorous and successful prosecution of the war."The substance of the statementauthorized by the War Finance Corporation is all to the effect that thecharges of lighting, transportationand power concerns must be regulated with reference to the necessaryexpenses of operation, and that Increased charges must follow for theservices of these concerns, just as Ithas occurred in the readjustment ofprices for food stuffs, clothing andthe essentials of life. The Government itself has raised the price ofrailroad transportation. A fair construction of the words of the WarFinance Corporation indicates thatcities and towns must meet thecondition in their own communitiesin a manner of fairness to all interests. ft ft ft 'The Crown Prince says It was allHindenburg's fault. The Hohenzollerns aren't even good losers.Wanted Junk.We pay the following prices forjunk, which we guarantee the bestprices to be obtained anywhere inthe State. Send us your shipments:Rags, $3.60 per hundred pounds.Mixed Iron, ?1.00 per hundredpounds.Wrought Iron, $1.10 per hundredpounds.Heavy Cast, $1.10 per hundredpounds.Bones, $1.20 per hundred pounds.Heavy Copper, 23c per pound.Light Copper, 21c" per pound.Mixed Heavy Brass, 21c per pound..Light Brass, 12c per pound.Lead, 6c per pound.Zinc, 5c per pound.Aluminum, 24c per pound.Boots and Shoes, 7c per pound.Trimmed Arties, 5c per pound.Inner Tubes, lie per pound.Green Salt Hides, 18c per pound.Green Hides, 16c per pound.Calfskins, 27c per pound.Horse -Hides, $6.50 for No. l's.Lambskins, $2.00.Full Wooled Sheepskins, $3.00.Shearlings, $1.50.All F. O. B. Lexington.We also purchase old and newfeathers, for which we pay the highest price. Send us samples.SPEYBR k. SON,Lexington, Ky.Wiantecl.Second-hand Furniture of allkinds. Stoves, both gas and coal.Home phone 360.(20-3t) J. ELVOVE.WANTEDThe immediate use of an indexcard-filing case or cabinet by theWoman's Committee of the Councilof National Defense. Please notifythis office.For Rent.Nice Main street flat in secondstory. Has all modern improvement. Call on or address,MRS. MARIA LYONS,(2-tf) 918 Main St., Paris, Ky.IRONWe pay highest prices for Ironjunk, hides and wool.MUNICH & WIDES & CO.,Eighth St., Paris, Ky.,Cumb. Phone 374.(23-tf)Public RentingFine Bluegrass Farm onCourt DayThe undersigned will rent at public outcry on Court DayMonday, Oct. 7, 1918,at 11 o'clock at the Court Housedoor in Paris, Ky., the fine Bluegrassfarm known as the Sue K. Moranplace, which is located on the Peacock, Pike, about 3 miles fromParis.- This is one of the best farms inBourbon county, and contains 300acres. On the place is a substantialhouse containing 6 rooms, a goodtobacco baru that will house 15 acresof tobacco, plenty of tobacco sticks,all necessary outbuildings, never failing water.Forty-five acres now in corn, 30acres in wheat stubble and 15 acresin meadow, may all be used for cornmaking 90 acres in all for corn.Forty acres to go in wheat, 10acres of virgin soil to go In tobacco,160 acres in grass.Prospective renters fnay inspectthe place at any time.For further information, addressor call onMRS. SALLIE MORAN CLAY.M. F. KENNEY, Auctioneer.(13-td)PUBLIC SALEOF35 Head of Registered Slnr thorn CattleScotch and Scotch TopsThursday, Sept. 26, 1918,1 P.M.Cows with calves at foot, cows and heifers bred; a few bullsof serviceable age.One calf to be given for the benefit of the Red Cross.Saleto be held at the farm of Luther K. Rice, 5 miles fromParis, on the Clintonville pike.GOFF & RICE,(20-2t) Paris, Kentucky.Kentucky'sii:MKHirfl7146thFall Meeting Sept.30-Oct. 12, 1918MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 30Walnut Hall Cup, 2:00 Trotting $ 3,000The Futurity (2-year-olds) 5,00c2:07 Class, Pacing: 1,0002:14 Claw, Pacing; 1,000TUESDAY, OCTOBER 1Kentucky Futurity (3-year-olds). ...814,0003:07 Class, Trotting 1 ooo2:18 Class, Trotting: l'ooo2:83 Class. Pacing 1)000WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 2Phoenix Hotel, Free-for-all, Facing.. S 1,5002:15 Class, Trotting 10002:11 Class, Trotting 1 OOO2:09 Class, Facing 1,000THURSDAY. OCTOBER 3.The Transylvania, 2:06 Trotting. ...$ 5,0002:09 Class, Trotting 1 ooo2:20 Class, Trotting 1 0002:12 Class, Facing 1,000FRIDAY, OCTOBER 4The Blue Grass, 2:08 Pacing $ 2 000The Ixington (2-year-olds) 2,0002:13 Class, Trotting 1 QOO2:16 ClaM, Paclag j'oeoMost Noted TrottersIn Great SpeedBluegrass FarmFor Rent onCourt DayThe undersigned, as agent of MissLetitia Clay, and Committee ofGeorge Clay, will offer for rent, publicly, at the Court House door, ParisKentucky, 'On October 7, 1918,at 11 o'clock a. m., 209.4 acres ofland belonging to Miss Letitia Clayand 50 acres belonging to GeorgeClay, the 259.4 acres to be rented together. Said farms are located on the Winchester pike, 5 miles from Paris, andcontaining a dwelling, two tenanthouses, other necessary buildings,never-failing water, and to be cultivated as follows: 74.28 acres inhemp or corn, (now in hemp) ; 90.38acres in wheat, (now in corn about48 acres to be sowed with the wheatin timothy, clover next spring, and42.38 acres with the wheat in grass,clover in the spring, owners to furnish seed, and tenant to sow withoutcharge) ; 21.5 acres to continue intimothy, and 73.24 acres to remainin grass. Tenant must cut weeds,but no trees.TERMS: Negotiable notes for onehalf of the rental price, payable September 1, 1919, and on March 1,1920, with interest from maturity.The right is reserved to reject anyor all bids.The farms will be shown from MissLetitia Clay's residence, or by the undersigned. H. CLAY HOWARD.M. F. KENNEY, Auctioneer.(20-td)Do You NeedGlasses?Let us make a thorough, scientificexamination of your eyes, based onethical grounds, not to rerommendglasses unless you need them. Askyourself these questions: "Do I haveheadaches, nervous spells, drawn,tired eyes? Does type sometimesblur? Do I see spots before my eyes?"Answer fairly and squarely, for yourown good, for over-strain repeatedlyday by day will break down the delicate nerves and muscles of the eyesand irreparable injury may resultOur years of experience insures accurate results.Dr. Wm. Riley FranklinSuite 205-6 First National Bank,Both Phones, Paris, Ky.Great TrotsSATURDAY, OCTOBER 5.The Kentucky (3-year-olds) S.2.W9Breeders' Stakes (2-year-olds) 5,0002:16 Class, Trotting 1,M2:08 Class, Pacing 1,900MONDAY, OCTOBER 7Free-for-all, Trotting $ 1,500The Board of Commerce2:14 Class, Trotting 1,0I2:05 Class, Pacing 1,WTUESDAY, OCTOBER 8The Cumberland, 2:04 Pacing $ 2,008Dinner Stakes (3-year-olds) 4,0002:05 Class, Trotting 1.5W2:15 Class, Pacing l.W' WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 9The Ashland, 2:15 Trotting $ 2.000Pacing Futurity &&2:08 Class, Trotting l.WTwo-year-ld Trotters li9THURSDAY, OCTOBER 102:10 Class, Trotting $ l.&W2:19 Class, Trotting l.W2:10 Class, Pacing 1,9Three-year-old Tretters f 1.W0FRIDAY AND SATURDAY, OCTOBER 11AND 13 MSEJtVXD.and Pacers of AmericaContests Each DayHNITUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 191$.IB BOURBON NUTS,RtJMBTOKEEP WELLATeaspooifnlofPERUNAThree Times a DtyJ tM 4 Ihl AVHBITr7THHas Never Been DownSick Since TakingPERUNARead this letter from Mr. Robt.Minnick, Grass Range, Montana."In 1900 I was out in Kansasrunning a threshing- engine andthe threshing crew had to sleepout of doors. One of the crewbrought a Peruna Almanac tofae engine one day and I wasfeeling very 111 from sleeping:out. I decided to gie Peruna atrial and sent for a bottle of Peruna and a box of Peruna Tablets, which straightened me outin a hurry."I have never been down sickfcince that time. I do not takeany other medicines except Peruna. I always keep it on hand.If I get my feet wet, get a cold,feel chilly, or a little bad, I always take Peruna. People shouldnot wait until they are downsick and then take it, but shouldkeep it on hand like I do andwhen they feel bad, they shoulduse It.'Recommended for Catarrhalinflammation of every description.VaMHBnBBBHaBBHHHMMMHaHMaMHHIBHEXPLAINS RULING ABOUT CEtCULATION GUARANTEE.Chairman Baruch, of the War Industries Board, announced that Thos.E Donnelly, chief of its pulp andpaper section, has issued an explanatory statement addressed to advertising agencies regarding the board'sregulation calling for discontinuanceof the practice of selling advertisements in -newspapers and periodicalswith a guarantee of circulation."The purpose of the ruling," saidMr. Donnelly, "is to prevent theprinting of copies of newspapers andperiodicals which are .not called forby the legitimate circulation, but areprinted by the publishers and circulated by forced means in order tomake good the guarantee and savesuch rebate. Such circulation is, ofcourse, a waste of paper and duringthe war must be stopped."There is nothing in our regulations which prevents the publisherfrom making a sworn statement ofpast circulation, but hereafter publishers cannot guarantee future circulation."Margolen'sSANITAR YMeat MarketEverything kept ina clean, sanitary condition, and only thechoicest home-killedmeats are sold here.Give Us anOrderMflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketBAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly RollCream PuffsDoughnuts, Rolls, PiesGROCERYFruitsFresh VegetablesMEATDEPARTMENTRoatsLamb, Veal, PorkBrainsWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376fIIIIfLETTERS FROM BOURBON COUNTYSOLDIERS AND SAILORSvvfetototofetototomfemMfetotototofefetofeRobert Burnett, son of Mr. andMrs. E. F. Burnett, of Paris, whojoined the Marines last month isnow stationed at Paris Island, SouthCarolina. In writing to friends herehe says: "This is some place believe me. We get up about 5:15 a.m., and after taking exercise we goto chow, or better known as breakfast. We then drill until 11:30 witha five-minutes rest hAtvoen do-making fifteen minutes rest for themorning. Next ' comes several inspections and then plinw nain -nrdrill twice in the afternoon or atnight, go swimming every other atternoon and in all we have a greatdeal, of hard work to do. -But I amused to it now and am a dark tancolor and as hard as a brick. I eatbeans and sand most of the time, butevery now and them a few pieces ofcandy which we buy at the canteenand which is not much good. A boxof Holladay's would sure look good tome They told us that we wouldnot be here but five weeks and thenwe would go to Quanoca. Virginiaand from there on .across Whendoes school start? Sure would liketo be here and go, that is, if this warwas ended. I am in it to the end,an, believe me, if they don't get me Iam going to get one for evervonp tknow in old Paris, and the rest besides All you see here is sand,marines and ocean water. Mustclose as they are calling me to drill."Yours forever,PRIVATE ROBT. BURNETT."358 Company, Marine Barracks, I.rams island. South Carolina."Rene Clark, of Paris, a recent addition to Uncle Sam's naval- studentsat the Great Lakes Training Station,writes THE NEWS as follows:"Great Lakes, 111.,"Sept. 13, 1918."I am still in training at GreatLakes, but expect to be shipped outsoon. We are now stationed at ourlast camp before entering school forfierejmen at Norfolk, Va., or Seattle,Wash. I came on the station fourweeks ago to-day and like it betterevery day."The first two of three rveeks arediscouraging to a 'rookie' lxecause heexpects to be right on Lake Michiganas soon as he hits the station. He isfortunate to even see the Lake during his first three weeks of detention.During his first twenty-one days hegets three shots of serum in the arm,and also a vaccination. That nearlybreaks a fellow's heart, but theysoon cheer up when they rememberthe slogan of the station, 'You'll likeit.'"It is true all rigt. You'll like itbecause you have to. It isn't thedoctor's fault that you like, becausewhen he shoots that serum intothat right arm you begin to wish youhad never stepped off the farm."But twenty-eight days makes adifference. Your shots are over withand there is plenty to eat. Coldshowers are mighty refreshing at 5o'clock in the (morning. I was transferred from Camp Decatur to CampDewey, and now I am at Camp Luceawaiting a draft to be sent to ourfieremen's school and then to s.ea."Our papers this morning remindsus that to-day is Gen. Pershing'sbirthday. To-morrow may bring inthe news that he has celebrated bymaking a visit to Berlin. We can'tiell what he will dp."I have seen a few Paris huskiessince 1 have been here. Among theprominent citizens, of Paris that Ihave seen are Leo Keller, Jim Templin and Ray Link, an honorable resident of the Hutchison district, andformer P, H.' S. student. They allare doing nicely in the way of wearing a gold stripe in the future."I haven't seen THE NEWS for aweek on account of being transferredso much, but they will get here sometime I hope."Well, I must say good-bye until'next tijme, because my time is short.I have a date with the Crown Princein Berlin for January 1, so mustpack my grip and get ready to fulfill the same."Yours,"RENE H. CLARK,Camp Luce, Great Lakes, 111."IBjBUYvprLIBERTYBONDSForests of Norway.The total area of Norway is about124,500 square miles, of which approximately 26,340 square miles are covered by forests. The greater timbertracts lie in the southern and centralsections of the country, where the landIs less mountainous and the climatemore favorable to forest growth.Fifty per cent, of the ministers ofthe Methodist Episcopal Church inItaly are in active service in theItalian aipny.191 Pa isPlatinum is so ductile that a wire1,800 miles long could be drawn froma single Troy ounce of the metal.vfifwUR boys who have gone to thenavy are constantly on the alertfor the submarines which menacetheir army comrades on the long tripsacross the Atlantic.One $100 Liberty Bond and one $50Liberty Bond will equip an enlistedman in the navy for one year. , Orthe same two bonds will feed him fora year.Cards From Boys WillUrge Buying of BondsTen million sets of post cardsfive in a set have been sent to Europe by the War Loan Organizationat Washington to be distributedamong the boys of the AmericanExpeditionary Forces.By this time they probably havebeen put in the hands of the boysover there and some are probablyon their way back to this country.Each card bears a message fromthe boy to the home folks urginghe Ijome folks to invest in LibertyBonds.The cards bear photographs oftanks, guns, ammunition, etc.things which the boys need andwhich the home folks' money willbuy. The cards will be comingback soon in large numbers. Ohioand Kentucky and West Virginiaand Pennsylvania will be receivingtheir share of them.Brother, Buy Another!Brother, buy another bondXIt will help to pave the wayFor the boys who've gone beyondThe Atlantic to the fray.Do not falter. Do not sayYou have done enough, my brother,Buy another bond todayAnd another AND ANOTHER!What a blessed chance is yoursThus to do your humble partTot the Freedom that enduresDeep in every Yankee's heart!Give this Loan a rousing startWith your glad subscription, brother.Every dollar is a Dart!Buy a bond AND BUY ANOTHER!William F. Kirk.WHERE LIBERTYBOND FUNDS GOONE FIVE HUNDRED DOLLARBOND WniL BUY:Steel helmets for a company ofinfantry, orFive hundred overseas caps, orPay the cost of drafting one hundred men."Let your dollars be the ships thatwill bring the boys home again buyLiberty Bonds!"Smother the Kaiser in LibertyBonds.jThe Fault Is Yours.Never complain that your confidencehas been betrayed. The fault is yoursfor pouring unsafe talk into a leakymind. You do not blame a leaky pallfor leaking. Blame yourself for notknowing it leaked. Life.Influence and Example.The blossom cannot tell what becomes of its odor, and no man can tellwhat becomes of his influence and example, that roll away from him and gobeyond his ken in their perilous mis-,sion. Beecher.By means of a new "trouble track,"designed for the use of automobilerepair establishments, one man mayload on a damaged car and convey itto the repair shop.?s m isA company is being formed in Sweden for the production of oil and byproducts from native shale.Carbons in Arc Lamps.A group of European electriciansdecided, after experimenting, that better results were obtainable by placingthe carbons in arc lamps horizontallyand one slightly above the other.Under Many Influences.Our judgments are so liable to bdinfluenced by many considerations,which almost without our knowing it,are unfair, that it is necessary to keepa guard upon them. Charles Dickens.A Slam.Mrs. Noel "My husband has haddyspepsia dreadfully lately." Mrs.Nock "I am so sorry, but I had noidea you were without a cook."The Crown Prince says that theAmericans are a lot of souvenir hunters. Yes, and he is the ultimatesouvenir. tIlToiletPreparationssunnlv the verv help nature lrequires. They rectuy moroiaskin conditions then from thesource of skin health, springsloveliness of natural beauty.Don't confuse Marinelo Preparation, with ordinary cosmetics.They're different. Theycorrecffaultsand foster natural Rose Real"Beauty. , , h imrM. A. PAT0NPhone 1010 516 MainSOCIAL AND PERSONALComings and Goings of OutPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Miss Mary Welsh has returnedfrom a visit to relatives in Lexington.Mr. N. Ford Brent has returnedfrom a two-weeks' stay at AtlanticCity.Mr. and Mrs. Ed. T. Rule wereguests recently of relatives in Nicholas county.lMr. and Mrs. D. F. Bowen havereturned to their home in Carlisle after a visit to Paris relatives.Mr. and Mrs. W. V. Shaw havereturned from a visit to Mr. and Mrs.Henry B. Hall, in Winchester.Mrs. B. F. Laughlin has returned from a visit to her brothers, R.D. and J. W. Jouett, in Oakley, Ohio.Mrs. Jessie Williams has returned to her home in Cynthiana after avisit to friends and relatives in thiscityMiss Bessie Caldwell has returned to her home near Paris after avacation stay at Carlsbad Springs, inGrant County.Mrs. Mina Howell, who is wellknown here, where she was engagedin millinery work, is very ill in Lexington with pneumonia.Mr. and Mrs. I. S. Reynolds havearrived from Allensburg, Alabama, tovisit their son, Mr. I. S. Reynolds,Jr., who is ill at Winchester.Dr. and Mrs. Elbridge Snapp, ofthis city, were recent guests of Mrs.Snapp's parents, Mr. and Mrs. Wm.Hannah, in Harrison county.- Mr. and Mrs. J. F. Lause, ofLas Vegas, Nevada, are guests ofMr. and Mrs. Barney J. Brannon.Mrs. Lause is a sister of Mrs. Brannon. Miss Sara Curie has returned toher home in Cynthiana, after a visitto her aunt, Mrs. J. O. Marshall, andMr. Marshall, at their home on Second street.Miss Charlotte Blaydes has- returned to her home in Bagdad, inShelby county, after a visit to her sister, Mrs. Harry Stamler, on. SouthMain street.Mr. J. S. Ginn, who has been employed on the big ranche of Mr. J.Sims Wilson, of Paris, near Pensacola, Okla., has returned to spend thewinter here.Mr. and Mrs. Isaac Reynolds, ofAllensville, Ala., are guests of relatives in Clark and Bourbon county.They formerly resided near NorthMiIictown.- Mrs. C. B. McShane and son,Mr. C. B. McShane, Jr., formerly ofthis city, are visiting relatives andfriends here. They are now residentsof Covington.Messrs. John Mernnger andEwell Renaker, of Paris, are comfortably settled at the Hotel Mor-quette, in Hot Springs, Ark., for astay of several weeks.Mrs. Louis Taylor and Mrs. Wm.Taylor have gone to Saranac Lake,New York, to visit the latter's son,Mr. Duncan Taylor, who has beenthere for several months.Mrs. Mollie Ravenscraft, whohas been sojourning in he Adirondacks Mountains, in New York, for.several; months, is expected liomesoon, greauy improvea in neaun.The following cards of invitation have been issued: "Mrs. Cates-by Woodford, Thursday, the twentysixth of September, from three untilfive o'clock. Raceland, Paris, Kentucky."Mr. Henry S. Cay wood, of thefirm of Caywood & McClintock, hasreturned from a business trip toChicago. Mr. Caywood is one of theEastern renresentatives of the bigSwift & Co. packing interests in thepurchase of live stock.., Misses Mildred and Marie uoi-lins, of North Middletown, have entered as students at the University orKentucky, at Lexington. MissesCallie Gay, of the same place, goesto Hamilton College, and Miss SudieMontgomery has matriculated at theState Normal School at Richmond.(Other Personals on Page 5.)All Make Mistakes.The best of men and the most earnest workers will make enough of mistakes to keep them humble. ThankGod for mistakes and take courage.Don't give, up on account of mistakes.'Moody. .Our New and EnlargedSECOND-FLOORDMPAR TMENTFEATURING NEW FALL APPAREL FORWomen and Misses,Juniors, Children and InfantsThis department has been undergoing reconsructionfor the last six weeks. But now it is completed. Thefixture builders have added the finishing touches to it andit is at last ready for business.The changes that have been made in it allow us alarge amount of floor space, much more, in fact, than wehad at our disposal before these changes were consummated. So we are able to display much larger lines ofNew Fall Apparel and present you with more varied assortments for choice.We would like to have you see this new and enlargeddepartment, and have you tell us what you think of it;and we here extend a cordial invitation to you to pay it avisit at your leisure.No attempt will be made to induce you to purchase.But if, however, you see fit to do so of your own accordyou will find the prices the apparel you like is quotingwill make the immediate purchasing of it well worth yourwhile.111.Our Doors Will Be Open at Nine.WOLF,WILECOLEXINGTON, KY. .FARMERSWe Invite All Farmers ofBourbon County to Seethe WonderfulCLEVELANDTRACTORIf y ox are interested in better emdmore economical farming, come inand see what this little wonderis doing for other e.We Can Demonstrateit to You Any DayC. S. BALL GARAtiCor. Fourth and P5easain Si. .KEJtLt 'aJJLggJLVaJS 'J'ml LXlu&2&X3UgtI'AIIKIKIIlIlIIIm m1lIA.-JE&fX . f'THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.t agi tothTUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1918.?vDOHATlOirS TOR THE BELGIANRELIEF WORK.During the week of September 23-j30 a campaign win oe maae in jsourbon for donations of garments forthe ten million needy imprisonedpeople in4, occupied Belgium andFrance, iThe letters below explain the situation, and a list is printed of the character of articles solicited. Yourprompt action means quicker relieffor the suffering ones.Leave your donations at the ParisBook and Stationery Company'sstore in Paris, where they will bepromptly taken in charge and forwarded. Any information desired canbe secured by applying to Mrs. A.B. Hancock.Worn garments and garments inneed of repair are acceptable.Read the following self-explanatoryletters:Cablegram From Herbert Hoover ToHenry P. Davison.Henry P. Davison,Chairman Red Cross War Council,Washington, D. C.The ten million imprisoned peoplein occupied Belgium and France arefacing shame, suffering, disease andsome of them death for lack of clothing this winter. They must be helped. I hope that the Red Cross willundertake a renewed campaign toobtain this clothing in America. Itcan come only from us. Your firstcampaign yielded magnificent results,bringing fully 5,000 tons of clothing5n good condition. But much moreis needed if these war-ravaged peopleare to get through the winter indecency and safety. In the face of' brutal coercion and spiritual suffering they remain splendidly courageous. This courage challenges ourcharity. Let us match the courageof Belgium by the generosity ofAmerica.Letter From Mr. Davison.My dear Mr. Hoover:Your cablegram regarding the collection of used and surplus clothingfor 10,000,000 imprisoned people inoccupied Belgium and France is acall to the Red Cross to assist againin the relief of this stricken population. We have set aside the weekof September 23-30 for a specialcampaign for this purpose. As theneed is greater than ever, it is certainthat the people of the country willrespond even more generously thanbefore. Your appeal has been sentto our chapters through our divisional Iorganization, ana our worKers, wefeel sure, will be glad to know thatthey can again be of service in thisway.Cordially yours,Sgd. H. P. DAVISON,Chairman Red Cross War Council.Mr. Herbert Hoover,The Commission for Relief in Belgium, Washington, D. C.Garments Needed:Girl's Weardressesskirtsovercoatsynightdressesdrawersstockings (sizes 1-6)undergarmentspetticoatssuits (2 piece)blousesshoesBoy's and Girl's Wearhooded capspinaforeswoolen union suits $Infant's Wearswan-skin swaddling clothescradle chemisesbodiescradle dressessweaters rbonnetsbibsnickerchiefsdiapersshoes Vbaby dresseshooded cloaksjacketsshawlssocksMiscellaneousbed-ticksbed-sheetspillow casesblanketsmufflersWoolen goods of any kind whatsoever are acceptable; soft hats andcaps for all ages, and sweaters ofany kind and size.Men's shirts and pajamas, so wornor shrunken as no longer to be serviceable are particularly welcome,since the material can be utilized formaking children's garments.Do Not Send:Garments of flimsy material orgaudy coloring, ball dresses, highheeled slippers, etc.Stiff hats either men's or women'sstraw, dress or derby.Anything containing rubber, raincoats, rubber boots, etc.NOTE Rubber heels can easilybe removed from shoes.Books, toys, soap, toilet articles.Notes or communications of anysort or description must positivelynot be sent.ua mTHE KENTUCKY FUTURITYr - -WOMEN'S ACTIVITIES.fAt the Red Cross Rooms.Wednesday Woman's Bible Classof the Christian church.Thursday Jewish Circle.Friday Missionary Society of thePresbyetrian church.The final report on the result of theregistration of women is delayed because there are yet a "few reportslacking. The registrars are requested to return all cards at once.Night Class In Stenography.Through the efforts of the "Women'sCommittee Council of National Defense, a night class in stenographyand typewriting will be opened atthe Paris Public School.The class must number not ' lessthan twenty, nor more than twentyfive, and the tutition will be $10.Three evenings a week will begiven to the class, and an early startis desired in order that the coursemay be completed by Christmas.This course of training was madenecessary by the desire of a numberof women for work along these linesexpressed during recent registration,and those who have thus registeredwill please enroll at the registrationoffice, Bourbon-Agricultural BankBuilding, to-day, Thursday or Saturday.($14,000) Lexington, Oct. 1, theonly 3-in-5 for three-year-olds in1918, looks like the greatest coltrace ever programmed; for amongstthe entries eligible to start are DavidGuy 2:054, Nella Dillon 2:054,Chestnut Peter 2:05!4, Blitsey2:06, Perer June 2:072, MissDewey Watts 2:07, Ruth Mainsheet 2:0814, Petrex 2:08V2j PeterVonia 2:08y2, Echo Direct 2:094,Mariam Guy 2:09, all winnersand four fast ones that have not wonthis year.isj fe TaG0FF & RICE SALE THURSDAY,SEPT. 26, 1918.Shorthornsbulls attend-cows, calves, heifers,the sale.GOFF & RICE.PUBLJC SALEMillersburg Main St. PropertyWe will sell at Public Auction for Miss Nannie Louise Best, onSaturday, September 28, at 2:30 p. m.,on the premises, the following described property:This property will be sold separately and then as a whole, and bestbid or bids accepted.No. 1 Two-story brick residence, containng eight rooms and hall,corner of Main and Trigg streets. Lot 40x200 feet.No. 2 Residence on Main. Street, containing six rooms. Lot 30x200feet.No. 3 Two office rooms on Main Street, now occupied by Dr. Dailey.This property is centrally located and will make a splendid invest-ment- HARRIS & SPEAKES.T24-27)The Clubs Resume Work.The first meeting of the ParisLiterary Club for 1918-19 will beheld to-pnorrow afternoon, at thehome of Mrs. Clifton Arnsparger,corner of High and Ninth streets.The subject for study during theyear is "The Bible as Literature,"and the program committee, composed of Miss Blanche Lilleston, Mrs.Ossian Edwards, Mrs. W. G. Talbottand Mrs. Thos. Henry Clay, Jr., hasoutlined a most interesting arrangement of subjects.The first Wednesday in each monthwill be devoted to Red Cross work,and current events will be discussedat frequent intervals.The officers for the coming yearare as follows:Mrs. W. G. Talbott, Piesident.Mrs. W. O. Hinton, Fiist Vice President. Mrs. Catesby Woodford, Jr., Second Vice President.Mrs. Amos Turney, Jr., Secretary.Miss Mary Spears, Treasurer.Mrs. Harry B. Clay, Auditor.The Progressive Culture Club willalso begin its meetings for the clubyear, the first meeting to be at thehome of Mrs. Clifton Arnsparger,Ninth and High streets, Thursday afternoon, at 2:30 o'clock.The program for the year includesmany delightful features the Modern Drama, War News, CurrentEvents, Parliamentary Drills, Musicales, Birds, Books, etc.The following order of exerciseswill be observed at the first meeting:T "tlA,.t T C"J- ht it j;a. J..LWW jl oycut iviy va.ua.Liou. 4favii. sook: Review: "MoneyMoney" Mrs. Turney.III. Payment of Dues.IV. Discussion: Fourth LibertyLoan.The officers of the Club are:Mrs. Amos Turney, President.Mrs. J. W. Bacon, First Vice President. Miss Clara Bacon, Second VicePresident.Mrs. Brinch Meinertz, RecordingSecretary.Mrs. Roy Clendenin, CorrespondingSecretary.Mrs. W. Ed. Tucker, Treasurer.FARMERS, TREAT YOUR SEEDWHEAT PORSTJHiaHG S&UTThe Government is especially urging all farmers planting wheat totreat their seed. The method is simple and inexpensive, costing onlyabout two cents per acre.'It is advisable for all the seedwheat to be treated, from the factthat in a case where the infection isslight it is practically impossible todetect the presence of the smut.In Kentucky the past year 278,000bushels, or 3 of the wheat cropwas destroyed by the stinking smut.Next year the wheat acreage will begreatly increased. If something isn'tdone more than likely a largeramount of wheat will be destroyedthan last year. Treat your wheathelp yourself and Uncle Sam. "The U. S. Government, in co-operationwith your State University recommends the following method:(1) Spread seed on any tight floor.(2) Make up solution using 1 pintof formaldehyde (formolin), to 40gallons water.(3) Have someone shovel grainover and sprinkle with solution, using common sprinkling can. Getgrain damp enough to stick to hand,using to gallon solution perbushel.(4) Cover with cloth, sacks, etc.,for 2 to 4 hours.(5) Spread grain out to dry.A good practice to treat seed oneday and sow the -next. Formaldehydecan be bought at any drug store.Precautions:(1) Make up solution just beforetreatment. Do not use solution whichhas been standing anytirne.Do not leave covered after treatingfor more than 4 hours.(3) Be careful not to reinfecttreated grain by using dirty sacks,etc.(4) When sowing day after treating open your drill enough to insurethe right proportion of seed per acre.There is also a bluestone, or copper sulphate method which can beused for prevention of this smut,though more expensive.For further information, fiddrpscExtension Department, U. of Ky.,Lexington, Ky.. - ' (tf)At te 1 isB-4 PI REInsure withW.O. HINTON &SON,AgtslEIRE IN WOODFORD CAUSES$6,000 LOSS., Fire of unknown origin whichstarted in the stable of the UnitedPhosphate and Chemical Company,about two miles south of Midway,caused damage estimated between$5,000 and $6,000, covered by insurance. A large amount of oats, hay,corn and straw, together with eighteen sets of work harness and somesaddles were also destroyed.fe 51 Pa .i?FRANK &CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSWe Are 'Now ShowingOUR NSWFALL LINESinU"An Oil Company Witha Future."THOUSANDS of Blue Grass people are financiallyinterested in the great oil fields of Eastern Kentucky.The steady and ever-increasing flow of liquid wealthfrom the rugged hills of Estill, Lee, Breathitt, Johnson,Elliott and other mountain counties is bringing a constantly expanding measure of joy and prosperity to thosewho have invested with good judgment and foresight.THERE ARE all kinds of oil companies, good, badand indifferent. The man who has his money invested ina producing company, with sufficient leases in proventerritory, can rest assured that he has a sound investment that will enhance in value more rapidly than mostany other form of property he could buy.THE BOURBON OIL AND DEVELOPMENT COMPANY, of Paris, is a well established and reliable producing oil company with thousands of acres of leases inproven territory. It has 7 completed wells in Estill, Leeand Elliott counties, a royalty interest in several otherwells, with drilling contracted for and proceeding on anumber of leases.THE BOURBON is capitalized at $500,000, of whichonly half is to be issued, the other half being held astreasury stock. Only a few thousand shares remain tobe sold. The sale of stock will be completed and thebooks closed October 1. The company will begin payingdividends in October. Those who buy stock during September will participate in the first dividend.Further information will be gladly furnished thoseinterested.Bourbon Oil & Development Co.C. L. BELL, President411 Main Street Paris, Kentuckyintt-fJ!Governor Stanley Appoints a WarMother For Kentucky.Following the example of pianyother tates, Governor Stanley hasappointed Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft WarMother for Kentucky.The object of this association ofmothers is to promote fellowshipamong those women who have madethe great sacrifice of giving theirsons or daughters to the war tosympathize with and aid each otherin time of distress and to rejoice together in time of victory. Mrs. Hutch-crait nas called a number of prominent women from the surroundingcounties to a conference in Lexington, Thursday, Sept. 26, with a viewto perfecting the organization.Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.Misses' and Ladies'Silk9 Serge and JerseyDRESSESMisses' and Ladies'SUITSChildren's, Misses' and Ladies1COATSFRANK & CO.Walsh'sMen's and Young Men'sSuits and OvercoatsWhen You Buy Here YouBuy Values "Supreme"Music Hath Charms.Prom many communities comesthe word that the movement of getting the people together for "Community songs" is steadily growing. InChicago, for example, there is a concert of this kind every Sunday evening on the Municipal Pier. Similargatherings' are held in some of theparks. Other cities are also e-ninvi no-activities along the same lines.It seems that the movepnent hastaken a much stronger hold in theWest and Middle West than it has inthe East, though conscientious effortsare being made to introduce it everywhere. The songs mostly encouragedin these "sings" are nationally patriotic and popular war songs, in sympathy with the spirit of the times.The Musical World.The Liberty Choruses Avill be a feature of the Fourth Libert v Tadrive. Join the local chorus. Pariswas one of the first towns in thecountry to organize a Liberty Chorus.Its life and usefulness depends uponyou if you can "carry a tune." Don'tbe a slacker in this. Lend your aid.The North Middletown Woman'sClub will hold their regular meetingin the club rooms next Friday afternoon, Sept. 25. The club has takenKentucky for its study. The prograjm for Friday will embrace the following: "Geography, Soil a-nd Climate." Mrs. John T. Collins; "Prehistoric Inhabitants," Mrs. John.Willie Jones; "Early Explorationsind Very Early Settlements," Mrs.Wm. Gay. A cordial invitation is extended to all active members of theBourbon county clubs to attend anyof the club meetings at North Middle-town.We announce with pride our firstshowing of Suits and Overcoats for Fall,because we feel it the best showing wehave made yet. Everything is top-notchand we are sure we can please any manor young man that comes in our store.StylesThe styles in our Suits and Overcoatsembrace the newest on the market.Patternsgreys, greensshown inNew shades in browns,and new fancy patterns areabundance.Values.The Walsh reputation for giving goodvalues is back of everything we sell you.You Can't Beat Our Values!-R. P. WALSH7th and MainOne-Price StoreParis, Ky.Our Delivery At 4:00 O'clock,,c.f . .B-.5,..-e--r4uvrj. -'"iTUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1918.TBI BOURBON NKWS, PAWS, JCT.?iOi -ir.- t v --"' ,y p;?vTKg52&FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEFOR SALE.Ohio Fultz Seed Wheat, thor-US.aS. BRENT &BRO.w (30aug-tf)is ISBED CROSS NOTICE.t adies having trench-foot slipperstheir homes are asked to returnIhPm this week to the cutting rooniV the court house. The summern,,nta is finished and is being packed?or immediate shipment. Please turnin the slippers.RED CROSS TEA ROOMThe following is the menu for toaov at the Red Cross Tea Room:Chicken soup; old ham; stuffednenpers; corn on cob; mashed potatoes-beaten biscuit; fruit salad;combination salad; maple sauce; icecane; uuu.ec, i.c., u.. m Pa Pacream;PATtRY YOUR GROCERIES ANDSAVE YOUR MONEYPatronize the Cash and CarryGrocerv, at 314 Main Street, run byAsoman, and you can save moneyand conserve man power at the sametime Over one hundred gioceriesm Xashville, Tenn., are run bywomen. Why can't I run one grocervn Pans, Ky.?(lt) MRS. GEO. W. ELLIS.. 9 KGOOD USEFUL SHORTHORNS TOBE SOLD AT AUCTIONGoff & Rice offer 35 choice Shorthorns to be sold Sept. 26 cows,rahes heifers, bulls.(20-2t)P3LONG MAY SHE WAVE!A handsome large American flaghas been draped on the front of theCity Hall and fire department headquarters, making a patriotic display.The flag that adorned Paris businesshouses some months ago are nowconspicuous by their absence. Whynot make every day "Flag Day?",, mRESIGNS POSITION.Mr. Houston Rion, who has forseveral years been Secretary of theCitv Board of Education, tendered hisresignation at a special jmeeting ofthe Board, owing to pressing business engagements. He is succeededbv Mr. John F. Davis, a member ofthe Board. Dr. Raymond McMillanwas elected to succeed Mr. Davis as amember of the Board.TQ IS IS"GASOLINELESS" SUNDAY.Last Sunday saw very few automobiles in use. and those that were onthe streets were being used by physicians or by persons attendingchurch. The observance of the governmental order has become moregeneral as it has become better understood by owners and drivers ofimachines.,,r - te a TaBUYS GARAGE INTEREST.Mr. Allie Perkins, who has for thepast seven years been connectedwith the C. S. Ball Garage, has purchased an interest in the BourbonGarage & Supply Co., in this city.r,- Varbinc will rAmnin in his preS-V Ant ncsitimi with the C. S. Ball Garage until October 1, when he willtake up his business connection atthe Bourbon Garage. Mr. Perkinsis an expert auto mechanic and afirst-class man in his line of business.a isTHE COMMUNITY CHORUSSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OarPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Regular meetings of the Community Chorus will be held every Monday evening at 7:30 o'clock, in -thelobby of the Y. M. C. A. building.Everyone who can "turn attune" or"carry an air" is invited to co.uie tothese "meetings and learn the patrioticsongs and the camp songs. It willafford them as much pleasure as anything else. So bring your 'singingoice along with you.Mrs. R. G. Moore, of Livingston,is a guest of Mrs. J. H. Weigott,near Paris. iMiss Kittie Ewalt, of Shawhan,was a week-end guest of Mrs. SnellMoore, in Lexington.Miss Julia Lail has returned toher home in Cynthiana, after a visitto Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Larkin.Mrs. Wjm. A. Orme, of Clintonville, is a guest of her daughter, Mrs.Sterling Thornton, in. Frankfort.Dr. and Mrs. H. E. Foster havereturned from a two-weeks' visit tothe former's parents, in Owenton.Mr. and Mrs. William Bush havereturned to their home near this cityafter a visit to relatives in Louisville.Miss Edith Culberson will return,to-day to her home in Cincinnati, after a visit to friends and relatives inParis.Mrs. Harry Booth has returnedto Montgomery, Ala., after a visit toher parents, Mr. and Mrs. A. J. Fee,in this city.Dr. D. S. Henry and daughter,Miss Charlotte Henry, have returnedfrom a visit to Mr. and Mrs. JohnWilliams, in Versailles.Miss Stella Stephens, of Mt.Sterling, has arrived to assume herduties as teacher of Mathematics inthe Paris High School.-r-Mrs. Frank Jacobs, who is a patient at St. Joseph's Hospital, in Lexington, was reported yesterday asbeing greatly improved. .Mr. and Mrs. L. D. Harris, MissFannie Harris, and Mr. and Mrs. Wm.Dale and daughter were guests lastweek of Mrs. Eliza Harris, in Owingsville. Mrs", Grace Kiser, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. Walker Kiser, who recently underwent an operation forappendicitis at the Massie MemorialHospital, in this city, is improving,Mr. Fisher Jenkins, of Cynthiana, victim of a recent automobileaccident in which he sustained serious injuries, is still in the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city. It isnow thought he wll recover.Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Sheridan andson, Howard Sheridan, and daughter,Miss Mary Sheridan, who have beenguests of Mr. and Mrs. Wm. W. Hinton, have gone to Mayslick, inMason county, to visit relatives before returning to their home in St.Joseph, Mo.Barnett Winters and CharlesKenney, both P. H. S. graduates, areattending the University of Kentucky. Mr. Kenney is said to be theyoungest student in the University.Mr. Winters bears a "shaved poll" asa reminder of his initiation into the"mysteries" of college life.Mr. James L. Jacoby, who hasbeen a patient at the Massie Memorial Hospital, has recovered sufficiently to return to his home nearHutchison. Mrs. Frances Hall, ofnear Paris, who is a patient at thesame institution, continues in a veryserious condition. Mr. Robert Crombile, of "Shawhan, is a patient at thehospital, where he recently underwent an operation for appendicitis.Mr. Jos. M. Hall, of this city,who was operated on at St. JosephHospital, in Lexington, Saturdaynight for appedicitis, was reportedyesterday as getting along very nicely, having rallied from the shock.Mr., Hall was taken ill suddenlyabout noon Saturday, and was takento the hosnjtal, accompanied by Mrs.Hall and his family physician, Dr.J. T. Vansant. -The operation at thehospital was performed by Dr. Wolfolk Barrow. Dr. Barrow stated yesterday that Mr. Hall was doing allright at that time.(Other Personals on Page 3)pa fe is"PITY THE POOR BLIND MAN."PRESERVING PEARSWe have nice pears for preserving.Phone in your order now if you wantany.(It) C. P. COOK & CO."BUY CLOTHING IF YOU KEALLYHEED IT!"A leading Paris clothier, after atalk with members of the local DraftBoard, said to THE NEWS pnan:"Registrants ought not to denythemselves new wearing apparel, ifthey need it. Many of them arewearing old shoes, shabby clothes,anl last year's hats because they areunder the impression that they aregoing to be called to military servicein a week or two. Most of them areunder a wrong impression. Youths ,ofeighteen and registrants over thirtysix years old are not likely to becalled this year. A comparativelysmall percentage of registrants between nineteen and thirty-six yearsold are likely, to be called. Men whohave families or parents dependentupon them, and men employed inessential industries will be placed indeferred classifications. So there isno reason why they should not buywearing apparel of all kinds if theyneed it."COMING ATTRACTION AT PARISGRAND AND ALAMO.To-day, Tuesday, Sept. 24. HazelDawn and Bert Lytell, in "The LoneWolf:" ninth eposide of "A FightFor Millions," featuring Edith Johnson and William Duncan.To-morrow, Wednesday, Sept. 25.Pauline Frederick, in "Fedora;"also Luke Comedy, "Do Husbands Deceive?" and Hearst-Pathe War Pictures. Thursday, Sept. 26. Clara Kimball Young, in "The Reason Why;"Mutt and Jeff Comedy, "Efficiency,"and Hearst-Pathe War Pictures.faINSURE YOUR TOBACCO.Insnre your tobacco in thebarn against fire, wind-storm,etc. We settle quick.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.Buying OnCreditis a nuisancebothseller.buyertoandIt is one thing that keepsthe cost of living goinghigher. Bring your market basket and the cash toMRS. ELLIS'CASH AND CARRYGROCERYopposite the Paris CourtHouse, and see what youcan save.TO TAX PAYERS,Tax receipts of thecity for 1918 are nowin the hands of CityCollector W. W.Mitchell at the Farmers Sc .Traders Bank.Call and pay themnow.E. B. JANUARY,Mayor.(aug24-tf)TO OBSERVE COLUMBUS DAY.Mayor January has received acopy of a letter from the headquarters of the Columbus Day Association,containing suggestions as to the observance of Columbus Day, October12. The letter suereested the issuance of an official proclamation,calling upon the people of Paris toobserve the day in a patriotic manner, and that the Italian and American flags be displayed together onthat day. It is proposed to makethe day a noteworthy one in commemoration of the hardy Genoesepioneer, Christopher Columbus,whose daring discovered our land,-Ajmerica, on that memorable day,October 12, 14 92." """" '.A Paris business man approachedTHE NEWS man Friday aflernoon,much in the (manner of one who had"something good" to impart. Sidling up close he halted the newsgatherer with a wave of the hand, andunburdened himself as follows:"Say, young fellow, I want to tellyou that some of these blind menwho sit around on the streets of Parisare fakirs pure and simple. I gave ahalf-dollar to one the other day andasked him for the change, telling himI wanted to give him a quarter, andbless me if he didn't bawl me out,saying that I had only given him aquarter. But that's not what I intended to tell you. I was comingfrom the postoffice this morning onmy way to the corner of High andEighth streets to catch a car forthe Lexington races. Just as I gotto the corner I espied a group ofpretty Paris girls, some Lexingtonbound, and others probably goingout in the county somewhere. It wasa ratner winay mummst j" n,-..ber, and as a matter of course, therewas a display of hosiery."Now. that in itself would not havebeen so very unusual, but a certainfellow standing near me spied theexhibition, and then we both lookedacross to the opposite corner, andthere sat a blind man waiting forthe car. He had a sign around his'neck, 'Pity The Blind.' I do notknow who the man was standing,. ma. Vmt his svmnathies werearoused, for he turned to me andsaid, as he glanced again at the display of hosiery on the corner: I really never was so sorry for a blindman in my life. I'm going over anddrop a quarter in his cup.' And he. a la Ka"SIT STRATE"WHITEThe Pride of theHomeKKiirijnClosingOutENTIRE STOCK!3541IA31i4Special Reductions on the Following:Suits, Coats .. 'Dresses, Dry GoodsNotions, UnderwearHosiery, CorsetsEverything in the Stock is Marked to SELL, and selland SELL QUICKLY. The stock must be CLOSEDOUT ENTIRELY.HARRY SIMONMAIN STREET, PARIS, KY.iwrtMrtrofflrPffMake the ComingWinter Hours AsCheerful as PossibleWe can assist you in this if you will let us placein your home some of our exclusive designs ofFurniture and Ru2SFOR SALE.Ohio Fultz Seed Wheat, thoroughly cleaned.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(30aug-tf)Ea lei isSEE lELD'S NEW DISPLAY OFLADIES' AND MISSES' EALLSHOES.Notice our window display ofLadies', Misses' and Children's FallShoes.(3sept-tf) FELD'S SHOE STORE.Sit Strate! it makes for health;And health's no trifle, it iswealthOf great value to young andold,Worth more by far than gems ofgold.It's use means stitching thatwill please,Of sewing done with v greatestease;Of satisfaction beyond measureThe "Sit Strate" White! ah, 'tisa Treasure.It will mean much to you to have your surroundings as cheerful andsnug and "homey" as possible, and you can do so at a very slight ex-9 pense if you will make your selections from our very complete stocks.Always bear in mind that we are very particular as to the quality of ourgoods.We shall be gl d to see you.Daugherty Bros.Fifth and Mainr -JUST A FEW PLACES LEFT IN OURMcDOUGALL KITCHEN CABINET CLUBTHEJ.T.HINTONCO.MOTOR HEARSEMOTOR INVALID COACHUNDERTAKING"EITtlERPHONE' 36Y(WfiWmmMm7wmmmGwwSIXTH AND MAIN - rfwwrnlg31-'!-MfXKXTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KT.TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, lIf.MineralgciipowoffflwThe Bottle That HoldsThe World's Great-est RemedyLeani to Eecognize It on the Instant, and Eefuse toAccept Substitutes Insist on Getting theGenuine Acid Iron Mineral.Miss VictoriaVarney, of Shock,Ky., says tliat shewas entirely curedof catarrh of thehead and kidneytrouble by takingA-I-M, and sheis glad to recommend it to all whosuffer with theabove diseases, asshe wants them tofeel as well as shedoes.W. H. Bowen, ofBelhaven, N. C,suffered with catarrh of the stomach and indigestion, but after taking A-I-M is entirely well andnow says that "itis the best remedygiven to the human race, and Icannot praise ittoo highly."If you are now suffering with any disease at all ofblood, kidneys, or stomach, you need this great remedyof nature itself. It builds up tired, worn-out people,rejuvenates sick stomachs, relieves kidneys that areover-worked and sick in fact, you cannot find alepiedy that will do you as much good as Acid IronMineral.Thousands of genuine testimonials that come to usunsolicited tell how sick people have been made entirely well by A-I-M. In the majority of letters thewriters are glad to have us use their names so thatothers who are suffering may be helped to health andhappiness as they nave been.Do not think that Acid Iron Mineral is a patentedmedicine, because it is not it's a remedy supplied bynature herself, and it is free from alcohol or otherharmful drugs.A-I-M is sold by Brooks & Snapp on the basis ofsatisfaction or your money back. Go to-day and get abottle you take no chances because you can get yourponey back if you want it. If your dealer cannot supply you, send to Ferrodine Chemical Corp., Roanoke,Va., Manufacturers. (adv)STUDENTS' ARMY. CORPS.trainingETo prevent the misuse of poison anattachment has been invented to holda bottle on a shelf and ring an electric bell as a warning when it ismoved.BRIGHTEREVENINGS&(3k&s$dz.ZF,THE MD&IN& PACES.Have you noticed that the old townisn't altogether what it used to be?That somehow there is a differencewhen you go down street? That theold places are more subdued andquiet; less busy and noisy? Thatgo where you will, the club, thebowling alley, the billiard parlor,anywhere, there is the same subtilesense of change.The old voices no longer hail youwith such eager challenge, suchroyal welcome, such whole souledood-fellowship; the old smile noNothing adds to the nfeasiiresxt -i . f- suuu-iciiuwouip, me uiu same noIteJ6:,,, sreet you so warm,y and the..v ii5, wau a wcii illuminated house.useOiectn'citufor CigDfinguse Setsformating and CookingIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix You UpFor the Use o! BothElectricity and Gas.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)fold hand claps on the shoulder nolonger bring you the same old senseof comradeship and friendly interest. Something seems to have slip-ped silently out of life.For scores of the old faces aremissing; faces that you knew andloved the best.They are "over there" in theI khaki-clad ranks that are slowlvnnoViin(r flin oTnT TIi.y. 1tnn t I.--. jy, , .1 . . i "-"& ."c aittj j-j-un line uo.ui4.waruJtSUie Only Satisfactory Way. ' toward the Rhine. They are takingup the burden of civilization, of democracy and freedom; the liberationof a half world threatened with enslavement; the perpetuation of our.own national liberty and safety; theoverthrow of Kaiserdom.And some of them are never to! come back.None of us will ever forget thesemissing faces the faces of ourfriends, our brothers, our sweethearts, our husbands and fathers.All of us will hope to welcome themjhome again, triumphant from thefiring line, the jaws of death, theliteral mouth of the inferno.Nor must any of us forget them inthe coming Liberty Loan drive.For it is to strengthen them andtheir fight, to hurry their ultimatevictory and to speed their return,that these bonds are to be offered.That and that alone.Remember these missing facesthese faces that we love.And begin at once your saving forthe loan.s ts TElThe Students' Army Training Corpsis the name given to the military organization to be perfected in thecolleges this fall.All able-bodied students in thecollege where a corps is organizedmay enroll or enlist. The enlistedstudent does not receive pay, because he is on inactive service. Heis, however, in the military serviceof the United States. Me may attend camp for six weeks during summer, when he receives pay.His relation to the draft:The member of the Students' ArmyTraining Corps is a volunteer in military service. He will, however,register when he reaches the ageand upon notice by the President.The draft board will not call him forinduction as long as he remains amember of the Students' Army Training Corps.Not an exemption plan:This is not a plan for the exemption of college students. Thepurpose of the plan is to provide forthe very important needs of thearmy for highly trained men as officers, engineers, chemists, doctors,administrators. The plan is an attempt to mobilize and develop thebrain power of the young men of thecountry for those services which demand special training.The presumption is that, for thenext year, the largest proportion ofthe student body reaching the required age will be used to supply theofficers needed for the army. It isunderstood that at least four or fivetimes as many officers will be required as the total number who willbe graduated from all American Colleges and Universities, Enlistmentin the S. A. T. C, therefore, whileit does not promise an Officer's Commission, is at the present time theplainest road leading in that direction. Enlistment may be cancelledby withdrawal from college.Opportunity will be given for theenlisted student who so elects, totransfer from army to navy or to beassigned to active service in one ofthe various special corps.Regular uniforms, including hats,shoes and overcoats, will be furnished free to all members of the S.A. T. C, by the government. Officerinstructors and military equipmentwill be provided by the War Department, 15 15 P3ONLY TWO WAYS.-r?SPECIALFor One Week OnlyNEW FALL HATSin Felts and Velvetsat $2.95 eachThese are all new hats atthis price. Don't miss thischance.NEW FALL BOOTSin the latest styles andshades, mahogany, brown,battle ship grsy and black.All sizes.I New Coats and Suitson display. Come in andsee them.I Watch Our WindowsFor Bargains.Twin Bros.Department StoreMain and 7th Paris, Ky.There is more Catarrh in this section of the country than all otherdiseases put together, and for yearsit was supposed to be incurable Doctors prescribed local remedks, andby constantly failing to cure withlocal treatment, pronounced it incurable. Catarrh is a local disease,greatly influenced by constitutionalconditions and therefore requiresconstitutional treatment. Hall's Catarrh Medicine, manufactured by F.J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio, is aconstitutional remedy, is taken internally and acts through the blood onMucous Surfaces of the system. OneHundred Dollars reward is offeredfor any case that Hall's Catarrh Medicine fails to cure. Send for circulars and testimonials.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (sept-adv)To carry smaller boats inside oflarger craft an inventor in Hollandhas designed a vessel with hingeddoors at one end of the hull, throughwhich boats can be floated.CAHAL BROS.BARBER SHOPPrompt and Courteous Attention toPatrons., ; HOT AND COLD BATHSThere are only two ways in whichwe can end this war.We can stand together, combineour forces at home and abroad, andlick the Huns to a frazzle.Or we can surrender.If we hesitate, weaken our forcesby division of sentiment, and dillydally along an uncertain policy, wewill only prolong the world agonyinterminably.And get nowhere save into deeperwater.We want to end the fight only oneway. We want to beat Germany decisively. So completely that neveragain will she be able to plunge theold world into such another nightmare of bloodshed as this has been.We want to end this world agony.And we can do it only if every fellow does his part.We cannot afford to have the warend in compromise. A drawn battlereally means a victory for Germany.Germany licked, but not thoroughlyso, still means German triumphant.Any compromise will leave Germanyin a position to come back again inanother forty years or less and deluge the world with blood oncemore.Gemany must be whipped to asta-ndstill. She must be beaten to herknees. She must bear for tnww ntthe feet of her conquerers. In noother way can the German spirit bechastened; the German ambitionsubdued.She must never be permitted tocofme out of the war in a position tosay that "the whole world foughtbut could not conquer me."We might as well surrender rightoff the reel as permit that. For itwould only be a matter of years until we should have to fight it all overagain.Right now is the time to finishwith Germany. Finish in the waywe want to finish. And end it allfor all time.None of us have the least idea ofsurrendering. It isn't to be considered.CROP HEPOBT FOR KEHTUCSKY,AS OF SEPT?. 1, 1918rThe crop season fbrl918'is rapidlydrawing to a close. t It Is too early togive final estimates on actual yieldsand oniy'a summary of conditions isgiven this month. The largestmoney, crops of, the State, corn andtobacco, are damaged by the drouth,and this extreme drouth has prevailed over practically the entire State. Itwas broken the latter part of August,since which time conditions aregreatly ijmproved and the final estimate on yields on late crops may tella different tale, than the low estimates herein would indicate.The general condition of corn is reported at 76 per cent., as a State average. The first estimates on the yieldof corn is given at 21 bushels peracre as compared with 30 bushels,State average last year. The condition of burley tobacco is given at 71per cent, and dark tobacco at 75.Much of the early tobacco is cut,owing to the extreme hot weather,but the rains are bringing out latetobacco to advantage. Hemp acreage is small and condition is given at73 per cent. Condition of cow peasand soy beans is given in both instances at 82 per cent. Rains havebrought these crops out. Gardensare given at 65 per cent. Irish nota-Jtoes at 68 per cent, and sweet potatoes at 97 per cent. Pastures havebeen greatly in need of rains and theconditions show at 65 per cent., butare considerably revived since thedrouth has been broken. Alfalfa condition is given at 80 per cent, andwhile the third cutting was abandoned in some localities, the State average is given at 1.3 tons per acre. Itis estimated that the number of livestock on hand as compared with lastyear is as follows:Horses, 92 per cent, condition 91per cent.Cattle, 8 per cent, condition 90per cent.Hogs, 91 per cent, condition 92per cent.Sheep, 93 per cent, condition 94per cent.Much interest is shown in poultryin many localities and a consequentincrease in the numbers on hand ascompared with last year, while inother localities this has fallen off.Condition of poultry is placed at 94per cent.Melons and fruits of all kinds areespecially short this year, conditionof same being as follows:Apples, 54 per cent.Grapes, 62 per cent.Melons, 65 per cent.NOTES FROM CORRESPONDENCE.Bullitt Drouth broken. Muchcorn badly burnt and had to be cutand shocked.Breckinridge Corn injured bydrouth. Tobacco coming out finesince rain.Daviess Early plantjngs are nor;Easy Washing!YES, actually easywhen GRANDMAbelps do it. No more backbreaking over a rubbing boardnot witt GRANDMA on thejob. GRANDMA gets rightdown to the bottom of things ina hurry. Dirt just can't hideaway when she gets after it.GRANDMA stops the waste ofcutting or chipping of bar soap.You measure out just what vnWash the Woolen Socks need and no moreYou Knit with GrandmaGrandma3Your Grocer Has It!aII!But all of us stand side by side inthe duty line.Every fellow must buy LibertyBonds.It is our only way to win.THINGS TO WORRY ABOUTIf Uncle Sam gets the billions hewants this fall, we may be able tosend the Hohenzollern throne aroundthe circuit on our next War Trophytrain. Remember this when theFourth Liberty Loan campaign comeson soon.feThe Kaiser tells the Germans hehas made every effort to stop the war.The fellow who yoked himself to thesteer made every effort to stnn rhsteer after the steer got under way.w reWith the Hindenburer lino fino-we can eliminate "impregnable" fromthe dictionary.mal. Late ones are very short on account of drought. Recent rains haveimproved conditions generally.Hancock Crops are looking beteer after recent rains.Henderson Crops badly damagedby drought. Recent rains have improved conditions.Owen Good rains in last fewdays.Union Improvement in crops sincerains, especially corn. Too late to do.gardens any good.Bracken Drought broken. Pastures greatly improved.Campbell Corn will not makeone-half crop.Carroll Recent rains improvinglate corn and pastures.Harrison Crops damaged bydrought, which is now broken.Henry Crops damaged by drought,which is now broken.Kenton Crops coming out sincerains.Robertson Drought from June 6thto August 26th.Tripnble All crops damaged bydrought. Tobacco and pastures Improved since rain.Bath All crops will average onlyabout 50 per cent, on account ofdrought.Elliott Have had recent rains.Greenup Drought has cut allcrops short.Boyle Recent rains will help latecorn and tobacco.Fayette Recent rains will helplate corn and tobacco.Franklin Crops co,ming out.Drought broken up.Nelson Pastures Improved sincerain.Spencer Things looking bettersince rains.Washington Outlook Improvedsince drought is broken.Breathitt Twenty-eight days hotdry weather dried up vegetables andpastures.Johnson The dry weather has in-"Has ProvenTheir Systemthe Most Satisfactory One"So says Mrs. Clarence LeBus, State Chairmanof , "the National War Savings Committee, in writof the training given her secretary, Miss ParleeWhite, who is one of our graduates. Mrs. LeBusalso says in speaking of the school:"For one who desires a schoolwhere they receive personal attention, systematic study, and expect tofinish an efficient worker, I heartilyrecommend the Fugazzi School."For further information and details write,phone or call at the school. Special Summerrates on the Complete Business Course now ineffect. Write or call for New Catalogue just out.Fugazzi School of BusinessMiss Irene Fugazzi, PrincipalEfficiency is Our Watchword.117 N. Upper St. Opp. Court House Lexington, Ky.jured corn crop.Knott Drought broken.Powell Recent rains willlate corn conditions.Pike Drought has injuredhelpallicrops.Wolfe Exepcting an increasedwheat crop.Ballard Corn and tobacco damaged by lack of rain.Caldwell Drought spoiled thirdcutting of alfalfa.Carlisle Drought has materiallyreduced crops.Hickman Drought broken. Toolate for corn crop but has improvedtobacco and pasture conditions.McCracken Recent rains makeeverything look better.Todd Worst drought in years.Warren All crops injured bydrought. '"Barren Drought has cut cornIt is Time To Be Thinking AboutHeat For the WinterCOAL IS SCARCEYou will have to depend largely on gas. Wehave a full line of the celebratedWilsonOdorless Heatersto select from, Start early.LOWRY& MAYand tobacco one-half.Hart Recent good rains havebenefitted everything.l.etcher Improvement in cropconditions since raW.With the scarcity of stock waterrelieved by the recent rains and thecondition of all late crops benefitedmaterially, the prospect is no sogloomy for the result of the farmer's year's work as it was a week ago.Great interest is being jmanifested inthe increased acreage of wheat andthe Kentucky farmer is ready tomeet the emergency in this crisisfor production, as far as It is possible for him to do.MAT S. COHEN, jCommissioner of Agriculture.Professional Cards.WM, GRANNAINAttorney-at-LawBOOMS 401-402HRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGDR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Note and;ThroatBOOMS 403-404-31ESTNAT'L BANK BUILDINGPHONE 136s1isIILWjIIIJrM?nHttn?TUESDAY,SEPTEMBER1918.ifwr" the BOTOBON NEWS, PAEIS, KENTUCKY.PAGE SEVEIT4v&4You Can't Eat Meat100 Miles AwayPreparing meat is only a partof Swift & Company's usefulness.The finest meat in the worldwouldn't do you any good onehundred miles away from yourtable.Swift 9l Company efficiency has madIt possible to place complete lines ofproducts in the smallest and most remotecommunities.To be sure the work is done wellSwift & Company, through its branchhouses and car routes, brings the meat tothe retail dealer for you.Swift & Company lays out car routescovering towns big, little, medium sizewhich are not served by a Swiftbranch house.Salesmen find out in advance what bwanted by the dealers in every town.They are followed by refrigerator camloaded with retailers' orders, which aredelivered at each town fresh, clean, andsweet once or twice each week.Swift & Company operates ,. a largonumber of car routes like this, from fourteen distributing plants.This is a necessary and natural partof the packers' usefulness. It fits intothe industry in an orderly, effective way.It makes better meat cheaper from oneend of the land to the other.Swift & Company, U. S. A,""vw1CTVIIIANS MAY ENTER AETUr!LERY TRAINING SCHOOLiLOUISVTLLE PTTYSTnTATT p.T?.pmi?rsMANY CASES OF INFLUENZALOUISVILLE, KY., Sept. 23.Three cases of the true 'type ofSpanish influenza have been reportedby one Louisville physician. Allthree of the infected persons, one asoldier, came from the East, and evidently brought the disease withthem. "Otherwise, reports as toLouisville are most gratifying," saysMaj. L. D. Fricks, of the UnitedStates Public Health Service.Reports from eleven other physicians indicate that only fifty casesof possible Spanish "flu" have beennoted in Louisville in the past twoweeks, and it is doubtful if these areof the true type. For the most partthey are mild, though several doctors report their cases as having been"sharply sick." One physician reported his cases as evidently infectious but rather mild.Officers of the United States PublicHealth Service stationed here, at therequest of Surgeon General RupertBlue are making a detailed investigation to learn just what is thestatus, in Louisville, of this diseasewhich has caused so much havocthroughout Europe, and, during thepast few weeks, has appeared in theeastern section of the United States.Daily wire reports as to conditionswil be sent to Gen. Blue. .Culturesfrom the throats of suspected caseswill be sent to Gen. Blue. Culturestory at Washington for comparisonwith cultures taken from cases inthe East.Reports from the East indicate thatthe disease there is highly malignant,running a sharp and often fatalcourse. It is already cutting heavilyinto the working forces of largebodies of labor, both in offices andshops, and Gen. Blue is reported asbeing very much exercised over thegeneral situation.According to the officials here, theSpanish influenza is a mixed infection, laboratory examination showingthe presence of the influenza bacillusof Pfeiffer, together with the pneumoccoccus and the hemolytic streptoccoccus, the latter being a highlyvirulent micro-organism which, getting into the blood breaks down thecorpuscles, lodges in the tissues, andmanifesting a particular affinity forthe respiratory passages. Gettinginto the bronchial tubes, it causescough and bronchitis, and if not controlled will cause pus formation withconsequent development of toxinswhich passing with the bloodstreampoisons the entire system, and, bythrowing too great a stress on theheart, causes death.PRAYERMtNMNfMM"HARD SKIN" ANDFOOT CALLUSESMagid Peel them off without Ipain or soreness I"".w.........m,.tut.itMiMMtilm. .Don't suffer! A tiny bottle of Freezone coats but a few cents at any drugstore. Apply a few drops on thetoughened calluses or "hard skin." onbottom of feet, then lift thjse painfulspots right off with fingers. Corns also Il imUlfflJWhen you peel off corns or calluseswith Freezone the akin beneath is leftpink and nealthy and never sore, tenderor even irritated. U?ry Freezone sure!THE GOLDEN SWORD."GOD, save our splendid men,Send them safe home againGOD, save our men,Make them victorious,Patient and chivalrous,They are so dear to us.GOD, save our men.""GOD, keep our own dear men,Prom every stain of sin.GOD, keep our men,When satan would allure,When tempted, keep them pure,Be their protection sure.GOD, keep our men.""GOD, hold our precious men,And love them to the end.GOD, hold our men,Hold in Thine arms so strong,To Thee, they all belong;Hold safe from every wrong.GOD, hold our men."9 JEQ ?SPAYING THE PRICEAnnouncement has been made thatthe Camp Taylor field artillery central officers' training school, whichfor some time has barred civiliansf roftn entrance, now will accept applications of men in civil life betweenthe ages of 20 and 45 years.Those showing qualifications necessary for commissions immediatelywill be recommended to the adjutantgeneral, who will authorize their appointments. The next big class ofgraduates from the institution, willfinish in the early part of October,eithough a smaller class of about 150men will receive commissions as second lieuteants the latter part of thismonth.Lieut. Colonel William L. Pyles,Base Hospital Commander, has returned from Washington with newsof enlargements to the camp hospitaland the inauguaratioiL of new systems. GOOD POR BILIOUSNESS."Two years ago I suffered fromfrequent attacks of stomach troubleand biliousness. Seeing Chamberlain's Tablets advertised I concludedto try them. I improved rapidly."Miss Emma Verbryke, Lima, 0."SMILE ! SMILE! SMILE!"The Ansrlo-Saxon sense of humorand adaptability will never be understood by the German race. Theyprofess to despise, these traits, assypnbols of weakness and supernci-ality. The trutn is tney are oameaby them; they render the AngloSaxon race unconquerable. The manwho can force himself to retain hissense of humor and good spirits whenhe is half-dead from privation or illness is the one most likely to survive."The merry heart goes all the way;the sad one tires in a mile."One of the most precious Americanqualities, and one that should becarefully nurtured for the future welfare of the Nation, is the ability "to"pack up your troubles in your oldkit bag, and smile, smile, smile!"From the October Red Cross Magazine. . id las T3DIARRHOEA IN CHILDREN.For diarrhoea in children one yearold or older you will find nothing better than Chamberlain's Colic and Diarrhoea Remedy, followed by a doseof castor oil. It should be keptathand and given as soon as the firstunnatural looseness of the bowels appears.Prompt Payment of TelephoneBills a Patriotic Duty.Good business practice demands the prompt paymentbf bffls This however, is not the reason you should payyour telephone bHk promptly, since we are under thecontrol of the United States Government There is apatriotic duty involved.Will you not; then, aid us in operating thisproperty economically and efficiently by paying your bills promptly?PARIS HOME TELEPHONETELEGRAPH CO.(Incorporated.)J J WATPH W- H CAllII01f-J. J. YEATCJL jj Mtnaceruistnct 'jHLinwtcACasualty lists from the Frenchfront where the Apnericans havelately been proving their mettlemagnificently are coming alongslowly. How many of our boys havelaid down their lives is yet to oefully told. How many are dyingdaily we do not know.But we know that they are paying the price of war, the price ofliberty, the price of protection fortheir women-kind against such ravages as were inflicted at Germanhands upon the women of Belgium,France. Serbia. Russia, Roumaniaand in every territory which theyor their Turkish allies have invaded.And they are paying it gallantly,fearlessly, willingly.Upon them, more than the armiesof any other of the allied nations today, the eyes of the world at largeare resting. They are expected toput the finishing touches upon theBoche defeat. America's army today is holding the balance of power.And within another year thatpower will be inevitably, relentlessly closing in upon Berlin. It will beputting an end to Kaiserism insuring world freedom.Every day this is delayed thegreater will be the price Americanlife and American blood will pay."Wte must all realize this. We mustact accordingly.It is our duty to keep them in thebest fighting trip, and after all issaid and done we do that with themoney we pay in taxes, the quarterswe put into thrift stamps, the dollars we loan to Uncle Sam in exchange for Liberty Bonds."We must keep not only the troopships, but the munition vessels moving. Most of all must we keep theammunition trains moving, the amimunition plants going, the stream ofmunitions flowing to every front.For the harder the allies hit thequicker the Hun line .will break, thequicker the end will come, the smaller the price we will pay.We cannot afford, we do not dareto slack in this duty.We must buy Liberty Bonds.Throughout the war the Kaiser'has constantly laid great stress uponthe efficiency of the German sword.With its vengeance he has in turnthreatened all his opponents. Uponit he depends for the overcoming ofall obstacles to his ambitions, thebringing of the world to its knees,the gaining for Germany of a place inthe sun, and the fixing of Kulturirrevocably upon all the vanquished.And what with the maiming ofwomen and children and old men, tosay nothing of the running throughof crying babies, it has been a busyweapon in the Hun hands.But the German sword is destinedto fail its Master. It will make hima lasting reputation for butchery. Ithas accomplished that already. Itwill leave behind it a damnable record of atrocities and little claim, formercy for its wielders, but in the endit. will be beaten back and broken.It will cease forever to be a plaything for the mad war lord.For America is forging to-day forher champions in the field a goldensword of irresistible might. A swordagainst which the perciless Germanimplement of murder and rapine willbe blunted and dulled and broken forall time.And that sword is the LibertyLoan, the war fund of America and ifneed be of her allies.And into its temper, into itsstrength is going the determinedspirit of millions of thoroughlyaroused lovers of liberty and rightand truth. The millions who refuselonger to see all that democracystands for outraged and trampledinto the earth by Prussian ruthlessness. Put your contribution into the crucible. Do your part in forging freedom's falchion that will blaze eternally down the ages the path of liberty and justice for all the world.Play a freeman's part while there isyet tipe.im TS WaCHAMEBRLAT'S COUGHREMEDY.I iBHiB V J J tlmll 1 1 1 1 lllllllllallli II 1 1 1 II I III 111 1 1 Hk ? i-ULL- -" w I hi nl lllfllllill II91 III lllllnill flm Always Welcome I II 9Bl . "You little rascal played along the way, didn't you? ( u KKept grandma waiting! Oh well, it's all right Because II I II f(( BCALUMET 11g BAKING POWDER 1 i M IH is always right. It's worth waiting for. Always vrel- I jllll ilfMllI Hv- come. Never shirks its work. Never fails. Neve I III 1 1 Mini 1 1 HHj; wastes minutes or materials and I know it's pure and ID H. H ,g wholesome, as Calumet contains only such ingredients I III 1 1 lII EH as have been approved officially by the U.S. Food I I II Iff Ul! HB.wg Authorities." I III 1 1 lulli . -H' BWl You savc when you buy it- you save when you use it TtHttIIiHI )1Bcf IJTpTJ7CT Quality IIIrUHL MESp xXIjn.lLO 1 Awards JJJJnMPl "MiPgeoTwTdavisHIIII FUNERAL DIRECTOR .Motor Equipment SI BOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299 ytCorner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Kmm . , ' ; r ' - ' . ' , m m m m JJCJ "" ' "7 . ' " ' - m m - m m , , j m , 9f ,t . JBourbon Laundry iDAVIS & FUNK, Proprietors jWest Fifh StreetTelephone No. 4This is not only one of the besta,nd most emcient medicines forcoughs, colds, croup and whoopingcough, but is also pleasant to take,which is important when a medicinemust be given to young children.Chamberlain's Cough Remedy hasbeen in use for many years and hasmet with much favor wherever itsgood qualities have become known.Many mothers have given it theirunqualified endorsement. Wm. Scruby, Chillicothe, Mo., writes: "I haveraised three children, have alwaysused Chamberlain's Cough Remedyand found it to be the best forcoughs, colds and croup. It is pleasant to take. Both adults and children like it. My wife and I have always felt safe from croup with it inthe house." Chamberlain's CoughRemedy contains no opium or othernarcotic.(sept-adv)The man who hears his pants ripin the rear when, he stoops over isn'thalf as scared as the girl who feelsher hose supporter divorce itself from.MATTY STYLES IN EYEGLASSERAMES TO BE CUT OUTAnnouncement that opticiansthroughout the country will eliminat thousands of styles in spectaclesand eyeglass frames as a measure toconserve gold has been made by theWar Service Compnittee of the opticalindustry. With one-fourth of the nation's population wearing glasses, itwas stated, several million dollars'worth of gold annually goes into optical products.We'd hardly say that Ferdinand,of Bulgaria is crazy simply becausehe is given to fits of weeping. If cahle reports are true it's Ferdie's timeto wail.SATISFACTIONIOUR WATCHWORD!m"With all tne latest improvements in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we areprepared to do work inferior to none, and solicityour patronage.IKI::lIThe Bourbon Laundry' IA MAN AND HIS WIFEMany great factories employingwomen now have women physicians,her corset when she is on the street, in. attendance.may both derive saiisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings us.LEVY, THE ,DRYCumberland Phone 40CLEANERHome Phone 1692-' ifltf v-,IT' vjr. .1-STP1GI EIGHTTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARISEY.- TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 241918.J -Mlt .-f 13-vSSS THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMO1 The J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND EMBALMERSParis Ky.2 Mainand sixtn'StreetsDay phone 36(Misfit : . . 56or Home 286Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.jI II 1 1 III M 1 II 1 1 1 1 1 1nlil.l-Hi'I"l"HHi4"I"I'W'1 1 1 1 !' I!T TDEATHS.MILLERSBURGMrs. Adella Miller continuesabout the same.' Mrs. Mattie B. Hawes left Saturday, for her home in Chicago, afterspending the summer here.Mr. and Mrs. W. V. Shaw, ofParis, were guests of Col. and Mrs.C. M. Best Saturday and Sunday.Mrs.' A. J. Thaxton and son havereturned after a visit to her parents,3r. and Mrs. Mingus, in New Jersey.' --Mrs. Martha Vimont returned3?riiiy after a week's visit to herdaughter, Mrs. W. A. Munzing, atMaysville.Mr. J. G. Allen, Jr., will leaveto-day for Washington and Lee University, Va., where he . will enterschool.Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Alverson entertaAned with a reunion of the Allenfamily, brother and sisters of Mrs,Alverson, th an elaborate diningFriday, the occasion being the fortyfourth birthday of Mr. S.- M. Allen,brother of Mrs. Alverson.Mr. G. L. Hill and family leaveto-dy for Roswell, Arizona, wherethey will make their future home, iThey'go on account of the failinghealth of their son, Mr. Earl Hill, jwho is suffering with tuberculosis. Itis v?ith many regrets that we give :these good people up. Mr. and Mrs.Hill are natives of Harrison county,and moved to Millersburg from Cynthiana about sixteen years ago.Their oldest son, Mr. Fred Hill,at that time was a baby. Mr. EarlHill was born here. Mr. Hill is aplumber by trade, and began business here with the hardware firm ofMiller & Best, afterward Best & HawIcins, and later A. B. Best & Co. InJanuary, 1916, he severed his connection with A. S. Best & Co.,.and openeda plupnbing establishment for himself,, In the spring of 1918 theliesltitof his .son, Mr. Earl Hill, began bcr fail -"and as- it continued togrow worse, the family realized thatsomething must be- done. A fewweeks ago Mr.Hill sold his businessto Mr. Earl Insko, having decided togo to Arizona, where it is hoped theclimatic change may prove beneficialto bis son. The family are membersof the Presbyterian church, and areamojfcg the best people of our community. We gladly recojtnmenl them tothe g(od people of their new home,trusting:, and praying itlrat the healthof their sonmay soon he restored.?3 S WB -.-- 'MINK.Miss Pearl Mink, of near Paris,aged thirty-five, died in the Good Sajmaritan Hospital, in Lexington, after a short illness resulting from acomplication of diseases. She was astep-sister of Mr. Emmett Edwards,of Paris. Mr. and Mrs. Edwards anddaughters, Misses Julia and Mary Edwards, Mrs. Jos. Smith and Mrs.Garret Colvin, all of Bourbon, attended the funeral, Thursday.JACOBY.The funeral services of Mr. Jas.Jacoby, who died at the home of hisparents, Mr. and Mrs. Jacob Jacoby,near Hutchison, Thursday evening,were held at the family home Saturday afternoon, at 2:30 o'clock, conducted by Rev. A. D. ' Tadlock, ofClintonville. The burial followed onthe family lot in the Paris Cemetery.The pall-bearers were: Dr. Wm.Kenney, Dr. J. M. Willia(ms, CustisL. Talbott, Frank Buchanan, E. P.Clay brook and W. H. Piper.MATRIMONIAL.NEAL.The funeral of Miss Sallie Neal,aged about eighty, who died Fridaymorning at the home of her niece,Mrs. Ruby Arnsparger, from theeffects of injuries sustained in a fallThursday, was held Saturday afternoon at three o'clock, with servicesconducted at the home of Mrs. Arnsparger, by Rev. J. Taylor Sliarrard.The burial followed in the Paris Cemetery. The pall-bearers were FrankP. Lowry, Thos. H. Clay, Sr., J. WillThomas, Frank Isgrigg, Chas. P. Cookand James Moreland.Miss Neal was a native of thiscounty, her early life having beenspent at the old ho(me between NorthMiddletown and Cane Ridge. Shewas the last of a large family ofbrothers and sisters, among the bestknown of whom were Mrs. SobrinaLowry, mother of Mrs. Arnsparger,Mrs. Wesley Allen and Mr. JamesNeal. Miss Neal is survived by twonieces, Mrs. Arnsparger, of Paris, andMiss Bessie Lowry, vof Lexington,and one nephew, Mr. Hopson Lowry,of Lexington.She was a devoted member of theParis Christian church, having unitedwith the congregation at an earlyage, and having been baptized by oneof the pioneer preachers of thatchurch.4V -. WARD BRIDGES.Miss Ida Dee Ward, a graduatenurs of the Massie Memorial HosTiiffl.i and Mr. Horace M. Bridges, awell-known insurance man, of thiscity, were married at the home ofthe officiating minister. Rev. John J.Rice, pastor of the Paris Presbyterianchurch.Th4 attendants were Miss MinnieBolume. Superintendent of the MassieHospital, and Dr. Chas. G. Daughrv , ThP hrid is a native of Pa-duca.li. her father being a prominentphysician of that city.REDMON CALVERT.Another war-time romance culbunaCd Saturday when Mr. ClydeStanley Calvert and Miss RebeccaCatherine Redmon, both of Paris,were married at the home of the officiating minister. Rev. I. J. Spencer,in Lexington. The only attendantswere Miss Sadie Aker and Mr. Elwood Aker. of Paris, both cousins oftha bride. After a short weddingtrip Mr. and Mrs. Calvert will returnin Txineton. and be "at home" totha friends.Mr. Calvert is a son of Mr. W. J.Calvert, a prominent tobacco dealerof Paris, and is at present an instructor in soldier-mechanics at CampBuelJ, near Lexington. The bride is. handsome young woman, the daughter of Mr. ad Mrs. Castle N. Rednoa. of near Paris.f Tftutonie;bids tor an inconclusive.pea&e this time will be duly filedin the Entente waste basket.TO-DAY, TUESDAY SEPT. 24. .Herbert Br en on Presents"The Lone Wolf"withHazel Dawnand Burt LytellWM. DUNCANin the 9th episode of"A FIGHT FOR MILLIONS"IONESDAY, SEPT. 25Pauline FrederickINFedora"It is that wonderful story of a womanwhose hatred for a man turns to love,vviiuc ina uurmng love tor fter becomesthe bitterest animosity.Luke Comedy, "Do Husbands Deceive?" and Hearst-Pathe War News.THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 26Clara Kimball YoungIN"The Reason Why?'A romance of high society superbly actedana gorgeously produced.Mutt and Jeff Comedy,"Efficiency,5 and HearstPathe War News.PricesAt the Alamo Children5c-war tax lc; Adults 13c-war tax 2c.At n F.arls Granf-Children 5c-war tax lc; Adult 13c-war tax 2c.Colored persons, Children 5c-war tax lc; Adults lOc-war tax lc.sixty, died Friday night at the homeof his daughter, Mrs. Charles Snapp,in Covington, where he had been forthe past few weeks. The information of his death came to his childrenin this city in the form of a telegrani.Mr. Howard was a member of thefamous Howard family of Bourboncounty, who were rioted for tjheirheight and strength. He. was a manof remarkable physique, of splendidproportions and appearance. Formany years previous to moving toParis he had been engaged in farming near Ruddles Mills. About thirteen years ago he moved with hisfajmily to Paris, where he has sinceresided. Mr. Howard was a man .offine memory and of a genial disposition, which made him a host offriends. He was familiarly knownto nearly every one as "Uncle John."He was the son of the late Mr. Parrish Howard, who was one of thebest-known farmers in the RuddlesMills precinct. Mr. Howard had beenin declining hearth for severalmonths, and was taken to the homeof his daughter, in Covington, only ashort time ago, so as to be nearer aspecialist.Mr. Howard is survived by oneson, Mr. Emjmett Howard, of Paris,and four daughters, Mrs. CharlesSnapp, and Miss Anna Lee Howard,both of Covington, Mrs. ElizabethTobin, Mrs. Martin Snapp, of Paris,also by the following sisters andbrothers: Bud and Nick Howard,Mrs. Wm. Lang and Mrs. Iva Milan,of Hot Springs, Ark.; Mrs. Nannie V.Jones, of New York, and Beal Howard, of Cincinnati, and Mrs. LivaniaWills, of Kenton' county.The body was brought .to Paris".Saturday evening from Covington,and taken to the home of his son-inTlaw, Mr. Martin Snapp, 'in EastParis. " -"' "The funeral was &e,Id at the residence of Mr. and Mrs. SnanD. in EastParis, Sunday afternoon, at twoo'clock wihh services rnnflnpfpH hvRev. Mr. Cummings, of Winchester!The burial followed on the family lotin the Ruddles Mills Cemetery, wherea short service was conducted by Rev.Cummings. The pall-bearers wereGrant Denton, Ollie Marshall, Wm:G. McClintock, Harry Current. Chas.W. Peddicord and Pearce Paton.LINK.HOWELL.Mrs. Mina M. Howell, aged fortytwo, head of the millinery department at the Mitchell, Baker & Smithestablishment, in Lexington, died atMassie Memorial Hospital, in thiscity, Sunday morning, of doublepneumonia, developing from a bronchial attack.Mrs. Howell was a native of Atlanta. Georgia, and came to Parisabout twelve years ago to takea position as head milliner for Mrs.Mayme Parker. She continued inthis capacity during the spring andfall seasons until last spring, whenshe went to Lexington, to assume theduties of her new position withMitchell, Baker & Smith. Paris hadbeen her home for many years. Shewas a woman of refinement and culture, and possessed a sunny disposition that enade her a host of friendshere and alsewhere. She is survivedby one sister, in Winston-Salem,bouth Carolina.Mrs. Howell had been ill for threeweeks, but continued to attend herdaily duties" until compelled to cometo Paris where she could be underthe care of her physician.Her condition was not thought tobe serious, but pneumonia and othercomplications developed, resulting inher death.The funeral was held yesterday afternoon at three o'clock at the homeof Mr. and Mrs. Harry Brent Fithian,in this city, the burial following inthe Paris Cemetery. The pall-bearerswere Rosseau Shropshire, TandyHughes, John. McGuirk, Dr. Chas. G.Daugherty, Harry Brent Fithian andWill Shire.A telegram from the headquarters department at the Great LakesNaval Training Station, Sunday toMr. and Mrs. George Link, of nearHutchison, told of the death there oftheir son, Leslie Raymond' Link, agedtwenty-one, caused by ant attack ofSpanish influenza. tYoung Link enlisted inr the service at the Lexington naval recruiting station as a volunteer, and wassent to the Great Lakes station foractive training. He was a youngman of good habits and a good constitution, but even that could notresist the inroads of suchi an insidious disease as influenza He wastaken to the Base Hospital at thecamp and given every attention, butall to no avail. Besides has parents,he is survived by one sister.The body was prepared for burialand shipped to Paris to-day. Thefuneral will take place at the familyresidence to-morrow, (Wednesday)afternoon at 2:30 o'clock with services conducted by Rev. J. J. Dickey.The interment will take place in theParis Cemetery. The pall-bearerswill be John Young Brown, Jos. Jacoby, Claybrook Jacoby; Paul Rice,Charles Ginn and Jas. Willmott.PTCT.TnTriTTa aRELIGIOUS.The fifty-third annual convention of the Kentucky State SundaySchool Association will be held atAshland, Ky., from October 8 to 11,with delegates from all parts of theState in attendance. There are nowimore than 4,000 Sunday Schools inthe State, each of which is entitledto one or more delegates. Amongthe noted speakers who will takepart in the convention are one secretary of the World's Sunday SchoolAssociation and three secretaries ofthe International Sunday School Association. Next Sunday is set apart by theBaptist State Board as "Baptist Go-to-Sunday-Schoolday" in Kentucky.The objects of the day are named asfollows: To have every possible person present; to have every SundaySchool member present; to have everychurch member present; to have ateacher-training class in every schooland to have every pupil giving tothe State work" of the Baptist church.A calf to- prayer, signed hy theleaders of the largest Protestant denominations of the United States, hasbeen sent out by the various denominations, urging the setting apart ofa brief period each day for prayer forthe nation, for our soldiers and forvictory. The time suggested for thedaily prayer is high noon, as beingthe most convenient time for the largest number of people.September 26 has been set as aday of prayer and giving for themembers of the Women's MissionaryUnion of the Baptist Church in Kentucky. The object of the day is tocreate interest in the work that theunion is doing for the cause of StateMissions and to secure the ?5,000 forthis cause which has been set as thegoal to be reached by October 31.This is in addition to the regular apportionment of $7,500 for this cause,most of which has already been secured. The Pastor's Aid Societyof thePresbyterian church will meet in theparlors of the new church to-day.Tuesday, September 24, for an allday sewing. It is urged that all themembers be present.Mr. E. J. Gildstrap, financialagent of the International Bible College, at Minneapolis, Minn., addressed an overflow audience at the NorthMiddletown Christian church Sundaynight, on the subject, "The International Crisis."Rev. Robert J. Bamber, for fif-Jteen years pastor of the VersaillesChristian church, and well-known inParis, has accepted a call as pastorof the Harlem Avenue ChristianChurch, in Baltimore, Maryland.Rev. Bamber and family will movethis week to Baltimore.SAVE PEACH STONES AND HELPGOVERNMENT.The Government has requested ofeveryone that they save the stones ofpeaches, and other fruits that areuseful in making carbon used in combatting the gases in trench warfare"over there." These stones containan acid that is used in the processby the Government munitions plants.A barrel has been placed in front ofthe office of Judge Harmon Stitt, onBroadway, where these stones may bedeposited. Other barrels will beplaced at different localities in thecity. Save the stones and help savea sordler's life!IS JSCareful copies are kept of all letters written by King George in person, and these are preserved in thearchives at Windsor.INSURANCE!FIRE TORNADO AUTOMOBILE HAILWatch for the expiration of your policiesand let us have some of your renewalsYERKES & PEEDAt farmers &Traders BankLargest Selectionof the Latest and Most BeautifulMen's, Women's and Children'sFallFootwear!V.THE RED CROSS BENEHTAt Kentucky's Great Trots, Lexington, Monday, Sept. 30; four greatraces, including The Futurity ($5,000), always a wonderful race.BOURBON ART CLUB.j HOWARD.' Following a long period of illness Mr. John Howard, of Paris, agedThe Bourbon Art Club will holdits first meeting of the season at theTiome of Mrs. F. P. Lowry, Saturday,September 28, 2:30 p. m.The study for the year will beAnthjmetic." A most attractiveprogram has been arranged. Thefollowing are the officers:Mrs. Catesby Woodford, Jr., President. Miss Ollie Butler, First Vice Presfdent. Mrs. F. Sutherland, Second VicePresident. .Miss Bessie Evans, Secretary andTreasurer.wv 13 fB IA 1NOTICE, TAX PAYERS.Your time is crowing veryshort. Come to our office inthe Court House and hrinryour property lists. It will saveyou the penalty. ' - -WALTER CLAHK,Tax Commissioners for. BouribanCounty.v JNO. J. REDMON, Deputy.Ladies' Boots in High, alsoMilitary Low Heels, inBeautiful Grey, Mahoganyani BlackfeAT MOST ECONOMICAL PRICESU I i "7"ll 1 Ill 111 Iu II i II IJ'&M'(SfeflJust a Few of the Many SpecialsLadies' Mahogany Tan EnglishatLadies' Dark Grey Boots, Turnateq QCj I Men's Tan English, Best Makes, &a j-A$5.50Ladies' Mahogany Tan English &a afBoots plwOLadies' Gun Metal English BootsatI Ladies' Gun Metal, buttonat$3.49$2.49Men's Tan English Walk-Overand Beacon '.$5.00$3.49Men's Gun Metal. Walk-Over,EnglishMen's and Boys' E. J. Best Wear- a HAing Shoes $4.UUBoys' Tan Home Guard Shoes n a(Absolute Clearance of Summer Shoes and Oxfords !Hundreds of Pairs at Just a Fraction of Cost PriceBOYS' AND GIRLS'SCHOOL SHOESTHAT WILL WEAR AND WEAR, AT BARGAIN PRICESDAN COHENWhere Beauty and Economy ReignParis' Greatest Shoe StoreJis, iA--