, -.-v: ,-?hi.- . iSfc-"-"o --"""--sdr --v'Ht -- ji-'-.sr-i a..jmJ&g&3&rZ''ilp ' ililit? ;:-iytf ::Hiiik-lf" -'::.$-.''trXt' -Ji'rrl Jt-J -3r3 .JT ' 3f " 3 ' ?l?38 $5: '"V, T . f - ' '' -VrSS?:,2-?-'..- " -..' V -' ' v '- .'-r' ..' '?. -lie.'- ftsS5'. i . - i. -' - i. , s. - --V -K ?r.S3gt :PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN- THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JANUARY IS. 1913-- P- -i;2, L?,jiia5ti'ii. -"?".:-- :n -IrfJ--'-V . JHir-e4Pr'Jf-TUEL COMMISSIONER ISSUESDRASTIC ORDER TO CLOSEMONDAYS.WASHINGTON, Jan. 16. America's manufacturing enterprises,with but few exceptions, in allStates, east of the Mississippi river,were ordered by the government tomight to suspend operations for fivedays, beginning Friday morning, asdrastic measure for relieving the,fuel famine.At the same time as It furthermeans of relief it was directed thai,industry and business generally, including all normal activities thatrequire Seated buildings observe asa holiday every Monday for the nextten weeks. This will close down on.Mondays not only factories, but saloons, stores, except for the sale ofdrugs and food, places of amusement and nearly all office buildingB.While the order does not mentionshipyards, it is known that they willbe permitted -to continue operationsas usual, although munitions plantswill be closed.The government's move came entirely without warning in an orderisused by Fuel Administrator Garfield with the approval of PresidentWilson, prescribing stringent restrictions governing the distributionand use of coal. It was decidedupon hurriedly by the President andgovernment heads as a desperateremedy for the fuel crisis and thetransportation tangle in the EasternStates. Even munitions plants- arenot excepted from the closing downorder. Officials would not discuss thefar-reaching effect the action wouldhave on the industrial fabric, andquestions as to how the order, wasto be interpreted to meet specificproblems went unanswered.Besides shipyards and factoriesproducing foodstuffs the few exceptions to the general rule forbiddinguse of coal In the period specifiedare plants which must be continuously operated to prevent injury tothe plants themselves, -newspaperplants and printing establishmentswhich publish current and periodical magazines.On the Monday ..holidays, besidesmanufacturing plants the following:consumers . will be forbidden to usecoal: Business and professional-offices (except to prevent freezing). 4-v.nnn tan.! trT rrvrra.TT m 'fWBl"' V""DC r ; f 7Offices, or banks and trust companiesand those housing physicians anddentists; wholesale and retail stores, to senre their patrons.with exceptions for drug stores and; Br william Kenhey started in histhose that sell food; all amuse-, &utQ yesteraay m0rning for a pigment places and saloons. State fuel fessioxial visit to a patient on theadministrators may close the banicand trust company buildings if theythink it necessary.Newspapers are excepted entirelyfrom four of the five days from Friday, January 18, to Tuesday, January 22, but they are limited to. holiday editions on the nine Mondaysdesignated, including next Monday.On such days they may only printsuch editions as they are accustomed to issue on national holidays.Those papers not accustomed toissue any editions on such holidaysmay print not more than one edition. Fire, Wind and Lightninginsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.1 Us IBPARIS BOWUNG LEAGUEAfter an interval of several weeksfollowing the close of the fair schedule the Paris Bowling League resumed play at the Fordham Alleys,in the new series, beginning withthe game on the 9th inst. betweenthe Bourbon Laundry and CurtisHenry teams. The Laundry teamput it over their opponents by a majority of 144.On Friday night, January 11,three members of the T. W. Spicerand the R. P. Walsh teams playedthree frames, in which the Spicerteam won the medal by a majorityof 322.On Monday, January 14, the P.P. Walsh and Bourbon Laundryteams met in a game at the Alleys,inwhich the Laundry team won out"byanmajority of 114. In this gameDouglas Thomas made the recordscorer of the season, bowling 257t.which stands at the top of the heapat ipresent.SQHJWednesday night, January 16.,the Curtis Henry and the T. W.Spicer teams tried conclusions, theformer team winning by a majorityof 67- .3he-full scores of these games,which arc of interest to all who playPtli-;ia.ii, wllll be published in an-3UT SLIGHT Trarare IN .WEATHER SITUATION.- There is very little that is promising in the weather situation, asParis is still snow-bound, icebound, and the grip of the weatherinfluences has but slightly loosened.Following the thaw of Mondaynight, when the streets became amass of sodden slush and ice, withstreams of water pouring down fromthe side streets, the weather tookanother whack at the temperature.Tuesday morning the. streets werealmC- impassable, Ice and snowcovered street madfl walking almostout of the question1. County roadswere blocked and ingress" 1? the citypractically ceased. The snow T2,8piled in the center of Main streetto a depth of ten inches, on top ofthe frozen surface, almost cuttingoff travel and delivery service Of anykind. More snow succeeded that ofTuesday, and on Wednesday andyesterday the prospect was exceedingly good for a deeper supply ofsnow.Service on the Paris and Lexing-j0rton lines of the Kentucky Tractionand Terminal Company was completely suspended, following a vainattempt Tuesday to clear the linesfor travel. The blockade was stillin force yesterday, no cars havingbeen operated since Tuesday.Coal dealers held a meeting toconsider the advisability of securinga supply of coal from the Louisville& Nashville Railroad Company, butno. definite action was taken. Negotiations were afterward resumedwith the I. & N. Company by MayorJanuary and County Judge Batterton by which it may be possible tosecure a supply of coal from thatcompany until arrangements can bemade for a permanent supply. Mr.James HI Thompson, of Paris, Chairman of the local Fuel Administration Board, was in Louisville, Wednesday, in conference with the StateFuel Administration heads.The blockade due to the abnormalweather conditions has almost effected a tie-up for Paris, and the elfecton business is very noticeable. Thesuspension of service on, the intemr-'"ban line and the difficulty of reaching Paris by other means ha3 hadthe effect of making prisoners in away or a large majority of thecountry people, who do their shop-i Ping in Paris. Rural mail deliveryWfla BerioUBly affected, thoughth carriers made energetic effortsRuddles Mills pike, several milesfrom Paris. The machine becamestalled in a huge snow drift, andwas only extracted with the greatest difficulty. Dr. Kenney returnedto Paris and secured a one-horsesled, on which he reutrned to thescene of his adventure and was enabled to triumph over the weatherman."Yesterday the street cleaning department made heroic efforts to clearthe snow from Main street, beingpartly successful Three farm wagons and the city road scrapers werekept busy nearly all day in makinga thoroughfare for travel. Thesnow was carried away in wagonsand dumped. There's plenty leftyet, though.1 BB-'IKE ALL OTHER PRE-ELECTIONPREDICTIONS. ,The Stanford Interior-Journal sayseditorially of the fallacy of pre-electionprognostications:"The opposition papers that wereasserting that Hon. Claude. M.Thomas would be elected Speaker aseasy as rolling off a log are sayingvery little since he was snowed under by the Governor's choice. Theydo not even claim that it was accomplished by bribery and promiseof office and appear to take littlestock in the assertion of the fly-up-the-creekfrom the Western part ofhe State that an effort was made tobribe him to vote for Crowe. Wetrust the result of the contest willeach the opponents a lesson andthat they will - realize that Democratic success is not achieved byfighting Democratic administrations,especially when done purely forspite."POSTMASTERS RE-APPOINTED-Among the Kentucky postmasterswho were re-appointed for anotherterm by the President this Veekwere: James B. Cray, at Millersburg; Samuel F. King, at Winchester; Mayme D. Cogar, at Midway;Robt. C:. -Stockton, tats? Richmond;THE TOBACCO MARKETS.The unusually severe winterweather of the-week has interferedseriously with tobacco sales at boththe Paris houses, and no sales havebeen held, recently. The weatherhas made the handling and deliveryof the weed a matter of great uncertainty, and consequently therehas been nothing doing at thehouses,The warehouses have had a kindof respite this week from the tusUof business,' and J;he cleical" forceswere ejaabled to make JQrft?ment showing the business done forthe week ending Friday January-11,and for the season.The Sdlirbon Tobacco WarehouseCompany sold during the week ending Friday, January 11, at theBourbon and the Paris Warehousesa total of 711,015 pounds for a totalof $190,512.48, making an averageof $26.86. For the season the figures show a total of 1,502,585pounds disposed of for $416,541.0-1,an average of $27.72. Comparedwith the figures of the 1916-1917season the figures show a falling offof 1,011,000 pounds and of an increase of $9.99 in the average. Itthe .Independent Warehouse for theweek the sales ending Friday, January 11, were 386,000 poundswhich brought an average of $27.05,and for the season a total of 813,765pounds, which brought an average of$27.30.In obedience to the order of-theNational Fuel Commission restricting the use of fuel and closing certain lines of business, there will beno sales held at the Bourbon, Parisor the Independent houses in thiscity, until Thursday, January. 24.The houses will be open each day toreceive tobacco. The same thing'will obtain at Lexington, where thesales were declared off-yesterday un-der the same order. ' -WAR SECRETARY. FAVORS RELEASING DRAFTED MEN- - OVER 31.- " i- '-fSecretary Baker has advised theSenate Military Committee the WarDepartment favors dischargingfromdraft liability men who have passedthe age of 31 since registering onJune 5, 1917, and without havingbeen called to the colors.WE KNOW HWI OLD KINGIs Still Here, andYou Must HaveWARM CLOTHINGTo Keep ComfortableWhether-it js an Overcoator a Suit of Clothes thatyou need, we can supplyyour wants. We are showing some mighty good values in Men's Suits at$15.00$18.00and$20.00Jlothing with good ' weightand good dependable woolcloth. Let us fit you Th aSuit or Overcoat now, asthe prices are much lowerthan they win be next winter,and it is money saved to buy now.Woolen Underwearand theDuofold Health UnderwearYou you will find here in separate garments and unionsuits. Try a pair of Dr. Eeed;s Cushion Shoes. No coldfeet when j'ou wear these shoes.MITCHELL & BLAKEMOREY? M. C. A. CONTRIBUTORSThe following is a list of contributors to the Y. W- C. A. War Reliefcampaign, whose contributions havebeen received since the list published in Tuesday's issue of THENEWS:Mrs. P. L. Dimmitt, Miss Katherine Tarr, Miss Esther Tarr, Mr.Willi Burroughs, Mr. Charles H.Jones, Mr. and Mrs. Ed. Waggoner.Mr. and Mrs. Joe Plummer, Mr. R.L. Tarr, Mr. Phelem Jqnes, Mrs.Mack Grimes, Mrs. Clarke Boston,Mr. Will -Mclntyre, Mr, Robert Caldwell, Miss Nannie Butler, Rev. J, D,iKhjttead, Mrs. u. ... ouuer, mr. Will-A- , 'Butler, Mr. Clark Leer, Mrs. Geo.Stoker, Miss Stoker, Mrs. NannieBrown, Mrs. J. R. Taylor, Mr. C. F.Wasson, Dr. and Mrs. Calhoun,Mrs. T. W. Corrington, Mrs. E. L.Peterson, Miss Anna Smith, Mr.Owen Ingels, Mr. Sanford Allen,Mr. Henry Bowling, Mr. Tom Stone,Mrs. Roy Endicott, Miss FolsomMclntyre, Mrs. Oscar Jones, Mrs.Robert Jones.DELIVERY PROBLEMS CONFRONT WINCHESTERGROCERS.Winchester grocers arev gettingbusy over the delivery problem,which has been a cause of deep concern to more lines of business thanthe grocers'. In writing of a recentmeeting of the grocers held therethe WhMmester Sun says:"X meeting of the grocers of thecity -was held on Tuesday night atthe grocery store of Todd-Glenn &Company to discusa the advisabilityof employing some person for thepurpose of making the delivery forall the stores."On Wednesday, Mr. WinstonHart, of Paris, was in the city andcalled upon the grocerymen in aneffort to secure the job of deliveringshould they adopt the policy. Mr.Hart has been ruimInS a. deliverycrc'AW n T)aic V10 Tiief TTGat arrlOJ k)bQUi AAA Jk. Cfe AQ WUU IMJW J WA AtVBa that it has provedsuccessful(and he no reason why it shouldnot be so in this city."m m 1STEERS EAT TOBACCO.Mr." JamesBogie, of near . Mt.Sterlimg, iiad the . .misfortune la3t'weeir to lose three large steers, insome manner the cattle got into atobacco barn and had eaten quitean amount of tobacco before theywere found. The loss is, quite aheavy one as the cattle weighed inthe neighborhood of "1,200 poundseach.WINTER- Copyright, 191?11111 IlloSiSyINKiSSsa 111gJMRS. ELLEN ARDERY POUNDBEAD AT HER HOME.Premonitions of impending troublecaused Miss Ellen Towles, who is anassistant in -the office of Dr. HarrvE. Mathers, dentist, to go to thehome of her aunt, Mrs. Ellen Ar-Jdery, corner of Stoner avenue andVine street, yesterday afternoon,after repeated efforts to get a response to telephone calls.Miss Towles had used the telephone at different intervals nearSPftJWtf ftftOT the ginner hour, toget her aunt's response over taline, and failing, came -to the conclusion that she might possibly beat the home of a neighbor. Actingupon an impulse that cdnld not bedefined, and fearing that somethinghad gone amiss, Miss Towles, aboutthree o'clock, went to the. Arderyhome. Upon entering she was horrified to find the body of Mrs. Ardery,cold in death, lying on the floor ofthe sitting room, where she hadfallen after receiving the suddensummons. Miss Towles called Dr.Mathers, who came at once, andfound that life was- indeed extinct.Coroner Rudolph Davis was calledand after hearing the statements ofthe family and Miss Towles, decidedfurther investigation was unnecessary. It was learned that Mrs. Ardery had been subject to attacks ofheart trouble for some time. Coroner Davis and the physicians gave itas their opinion, that Mrs. Arderyhad been dead at least two. hours.Mrs. Ardery ,was sixty yeara old,and was formerly Miss Ella Adair.She was the widow of the late Mr.Wm. -B. Ardery, prominent farmerand President of the Bourbon-AgriculturalBank, who died about twoyears ago. She was the mother ofMr. Wm. B. Ardery, Jr., of Paris.Besides lier son, she is survived bythe following sisters: Mrs. Lawrence Horton, Mrs. John Towles,Mrs. Ollie Hedges and, Mrs. Jqs.Dejarnett, all of Paris and the county, and two brothers, Mr. JamesAdair of near Mayslick, Masoncounty, and Mr. Robert Adair, whoresides', oft the Lexington pike, nearthis city.The funeral arrangements had noEbeen completed last night as-THENEWS went to press.IMPORTAKT K0TICE TO SHIPPERS AND RECEIVERSThe following important notice toshippers and receivers of carloadfreight, a copy of which was received yesterday by Mr. W. "V. Shaw,General Agent at Paris, has beenissued by the Louisville & NashvilleRailroad Company:Important notice to shippers andreceivers of Car Load Freight Demurrage Charges effective January21, 1918:The Interstate Commerce Commission has ordered effective the abovedate Demurrage Charges shall be asfollows:After the expiration of free timeallowed, namelyForty-eight hours (two days) freetiem for loading or unloadirig on allj. commodities.Demurage Charge per car per day"or fraction of a day. until car is released, as follows:$3.00 for the first day, $4.00 forthe second day, and for, each succeeding additional day the chargesto be increased $1.00 in excess ofth?.t for the preceding day until amaximum charge of $1D.00 per carper day shall be reached on theeighth day of detention beyond freetime, the charge thereafter to be$10.00 per car per day or fractionthereof.'Rule No. 9 Average Agreement! is entirely eliminated.! W. V.-SHAW, Agent.A SAGACIOUS PONY.Wednesday Mrs. James Mernaughlost her pony, an animal describeda3 a "dark brown with light- maneand tail." Investigation failed fora while to disclose his ponyship'swhereabouts. Mrs, Mernaugh telephoned a "Pony Lost" advertisement yesterday morning to THENEWS, and later on cancelled It.The pony liad been found.That -was a sagacious pony, forhe doubtless knows that BOURBO'TNEWS ads bring results, so heplaced himself in a position to bistones and. making "pi'ofr' fniiTirt ir -mmi n nsve" finit tliiv1AJU&JLVL. IIUW4U avw w ---- , . -,,.-marl, for THE NEWS always getsmtlMr. Ponrt acted wiaely, ana,PARIS CYNTEIANA BOYS' -JMiSr-GIBXS'BASKET BALL GAMBji -The Cynthiana Democrat give tkjollowing account of the games lir-ea at Cynthiana, Friday night, 4-tween the boys' and girls' basket 'ball teams of the Paris and Cyntki-"ana High Schools, which will bftointerest to local devotees of tkgame:"The. opening of the basket baitseason last Friday night, spelled vie- -toryfor the boys and tha oppoaiU .for the girls, The, pppqnents wtwthe boys and girlsteams from Parte. -,Sigh School. 3he boys' game remit-:ed in a 34 to 26 victory for Cynthiana High School, while the localgirls lost 29 to 14."The boys game was one of tlurmost exciting and best exhibitiowr.'of basket ball for the beginning; o "theseason ever seen in Cynthiaaa.The first half ended 15 to 9 for-C.H. S. During the second half tkrscore was tied three times and'moetof the spectators thought the ecdrwas even closer than eight yoimtaat the close of the- game."The C. H. S. boys landed fifteegoals from the field against elevt:by Paris. The foul goals brfcip .even, four jeach. Bland was . tkstar in the field-goal-throwing, making 9 out of the 15; Cord,, seconi,with 4. Burnett led fon Paris, witk5 field-goals, followed by Roberts"with 4. .SUMMARYCynthiana. axte.Linchan c Rule (2)Cord (8) ....... f... Burnett (10Adams (4) ..nf.... Roberta (S)Bland (10 g.. RicrWilliams g. Layiit..(2-Foul Goals Cord, 4 out of 12;"Burnett, 4 out of 15. ' ' '.'.'..r-Referee Jim Park, coach Stat?University."The girls' game was not so-exciting,although a gooo" exhibition Itwas a one-girl-team which Paris fr"sented. Miss Rose, playing at forward, netting 23 points out of ITmade by the Paris team. Miss BMkcat forward made the remaining .9?points. Mary Durbih, of. Cynthiaaa .H. S., made 4. fledrgos:tkJMiftDavfed making 2. Grace Txflmthrew 2 field-goals out of as mamj: 'chances. The first half, ended S $; -11for Paris, but in the secdnd-haJTthe Paris star landed all the baak?tv"SUMMARY, -Cynthiana.ParfDurbln (8) c... ..v.. Harpec "Davied (4) f Rose (221 "Taylor f Elder (4t .Lela Wiglesworth.g Hellcrr;LillyWiglesworth.g,. Heller: -"Foul Goals Taylor, 2 out-of--2;,Rose, 1 out of 4 ; Elder, 2 out of 3."Referee Jim Park.To-morrow night Georgetown.College is coming down in all herglory to take a fall out of the localY. M. C. A. Basket Ball TeaniGeorgetown -has always had a Statedwide reputation as having one ofjthfastest team in the State, T-fcoit"who like to see a real team id action will not miss this opportunity. .The boys have promised to, givttheir best and will appreciate alarge audience to cheer them on.Come up and give them a good startsthis season-. The game will bplayed on the Y. M. C. A. floor,.starting at 8 p. m. Admission 25cwThe line-up of the local tent hanot been determined as yet, butwiilpropably be as follows: Hayder-sWhite,. PriciTard,- forwards;- SmitAcenter; Rice, Meglone and Darlvguards. -The Paris High School andLexington Hteh School team.winplay a double-header at the Y. M. CI 'A. to-night.DESIRABLE RESIDENCE AT AUgit-;TI0H., - 8?Attention is called to the a'-iver-tisement on page four of the auc-vtlon sale of my residence at 91Z 'Pleasant street, onTuesday, JmmLtuary 29,19i8. 1 ;Read the particulars. vWITHERS " bAYJBLw:., .-B-4 HRE tInsure with -'-" ?W.O.HINTON &SONtAitraLEDGER "SNOWED 'WKSJEtF ,, TjLMonday night a heavy" slid o iit ;from the roof of the Masonic1 franking at Maysville, smashed tskylight over the office of thville Leader, dumping ice, sn&broken glass all over the"!UXl inmil TTI UVattVU-fcWwarri mravaui rarteem .But the LftdrM-:to the j-eetxie tMfk.--VmOTJSS k'8 imi--tfit?R"9rf.iWrtirx S m"aH il i2b;wj.. . . i . v , - -fj -. -,- , - . f .'A---r "xl v:.--&..thei- iu? of TJT'-NEWS. --, vWin. J3. Crabby, t 'Eminencet:uS-Li(f!IVrtti I3rV- iPAGE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWSMitbed 1M1 35 Yrt tf Ctn -Atlnuoiw Publication.xbllthed Evtry Tuesday and Friday,r Year... $2.00- Six Months... 11.00Payable in AdTance.ZZVTrTJJ,W!FT Cr.AMP. Editor and Owner,Any erroneous reflection upon thejharacter, standing or reputation of a little while as iiostages 'from this moisten a cloth with a little 0f these are furnishing free trans&? to1 corporation which vpn w,,prp tv hAion? Danderine and .carefully draw it portation. The imount exnendedfay appear in the columns of THE;BOmtBON NEWS will be gladly corrected if brought to attention of thetiter.ADVERTISING RATES-Display Advertisements, $1.00 per- Inch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading .Notices, 10 cents per linev each issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, and-similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special "rates 'for large advertise-neats and yearly contracts.fThe right of publisher is reserved-to 'decline any advertisement or othermatter for publication.Announcements for political offices-oust' invariably' be accompanied bythe cash, ,e-EDITORIAL MUSINGS.The Home Circle.l$o boy goes out from the HomeClfrcle without a sense of loss. FortijUie, at least, the motherly presence is sadly missed, the sisterlyaffection warmly cherished. ThenIf the mother's letters reach himOften, filled "yith all that a mother jmost eloquently expresses, love,hopefulness and prayei, he i3 stillur.rounded by a holy influence.Many men spend more money on'esperifcive caskets, flowers, and emblems of mourning than they everepemi on their poor, loving, self-sacrificing1mothers for nfany yeaisWhile alive,. Men who, perhaps,tiever thought of carrying flowersto heir mother in life, pile thembigji on their coSns.There is no happier nor more cozypicture of home life than the littlefamily group gathered about theevpuing lamp, while come membercf it" reads uloud. These eveningreadings can be made educational-;andv develop in" many ways, whichtheeager feminine mind, eager forimprovement will easily devise.Concerning Civility.Donit try to, bully the world. Itfioes not pay. v Whoever enters thexing for a rough and tumble fightwith Public Opinion is 'pretty sure,'eveiiually, to be "doubled up." So-aety is a Briarus, and who but a.inaaman wbuld think of encounter-iner with a sinsle pair of fists, a!hundred armed fellows! BetterOi JLHiUl,04.2-6haWtke multitudinous hand of the?fciant good-naturedly, than unnec-;ssanly provoke.Ahis wrath. De--epifie the world if it so please you-spises,though to do so is proof of arrogance, conceit and egotism but, asyou' 'have to live in the world, to- lean of the world, it is just as wellto 'treat it civily. Shrewd men, whotin(fefstand their race, never seek a-'Quarrel with society. They undereta'nd that it is possible for an individual to perauade, lead and quietly-control a community, but not tolAglvfijt down. If you desire to recforin 'social ovils or to disabuseyour fellow men of their prejudices,alhe-eurest wayTnot J;o succeed is toresort to denunciation and abuse.j- -IKindness, conciliation, the influenceeQf .ood example these are thetrucynd effective- means and appliuncptoof roforatf i vi?ijbt -" .i The Gipry of Old Age..There is glory t in oldage when itAVtfie sunset lime of a Christians -life, inhere are springs of daily re-:reshlng-of which-the world does not'"nw. There are still opportuni-r&t $ Wat J i CIf - ? fr jI && J& " " " r iI WyS ' '-. nI lrrf- stfp - r d'i et ,cmK; ' set f- . -y m; -vvjidfriend, is the opinion of 'the Jhrfs-tian Herald. So they look forward,not with-doubt or,mking,?but.with joy, to .thereunionlhT.tnV"good landV hereafter, wifch , those'who have already; passed .-over.- Let jus not hold lightly the counsel ofithose veterans, who can look back.over many a struggle and tempta -Ition which they have conqueredI but which we have yet to meet. Letj us loye and honor them wWle they!are with us and comfort them ineverv wav. We hold them with usHeaven, where they belong,January 1st, (And After)Do you ask me whence these mis -sives' .wiicuue tiicoc uuicoumc uuiiiiiusletters?Listen, child, and I will tell youFrom the butcher at the cornerJAnd the grocer and the bakerAnd the cheerful old shoemaker;From the milkist and the iceman,From the gink who peddles water,From the teacher of our daughterWho is taking music lessons,Fiom the life-insurance agent,From the hale and kulturedplumber"Wjho fixed up our pipes last summer, From the pastor, from the tailor,From relief movements a hundred,From electric lighting experts,From telephone collectors,From the highways and the byways Come these very prompt epistlesWith velocity of missilesHurled with aim thatv is unerring.And the mailman, fagged and bending, 'Neath a burden that's unending,Lugs to us our daily lettersWith the fronts that are transparent. xAs to The Rustler.Of all the persons we've met, welike the rustler the best and we can, readily forgive the few errors in hispolitics or religion, for he rustles.Ho encourages and enthuses andhurries along the blow going. Industrial prosperity follows in histr&il and mental development is his.He goes from strength to strength.He is the salt of the earth.A Good Guide.A young man of our city lecenilysent $3 to a New York firm for a"marriage guide." He received a 15cent Bible and these words, "Thereis no better guide for married lifethan this book." He got value received, more than many get.Advertisements Talk.Talking is one of the strongest indications of life. Let our readers begoverned accordingly and notice thefirms who talk through our collumns. They are alive and full ofbusiness and it will profit you totrade with them every time.1 IS feWAT TO DO WHEN EARS AREFROSTBITTEN.In speaking of the vcalher andthe number of Paris people who hadbeen reported as having their fingersand ears frostbitten dunng the extreme cold weather that has prevailed for the past three days, aI Paris railroad man, and a subscriberremedy, which he says never fails:The treatment consists of an application to the frosted member ofi" of hemlock, which can be proj 'cured at any arug store. Accordingj to this informant cases ot a year sduration may oe curea dx tne use 01this remedy, although more thanone application may become necessary. A Paris druggist, when askedas to a reliable remedy stated that,in his opinion, the following formulawas about as good as anything thatcould be used: Bathe the injured'member as often as desired with amixture composed of one teaspoonfulof sugar-of lead dissolved in a quartof warm water.The old-fashioned remedy of rub -bing the frostbitten ears vigorouslywith snow until the circulation irestored, and by remaining awayfrom the fire, still holds good, and iabout as good as anything else, ac -cording to the old-timers.mMASON TABMERS WANT CHINESE LABORERS.Secretary Dodds, of the MaysvilleChamber of Commerce, has appliedto United States officials for a portion of the Chinese laborers who, ithas been suggested, should be imported to this country to relieve thelabor situation on the farms duringthe war. The situation in Masoncounty will be serious when springcomes. The farmers, had muchtrouble last spring in gettingenough farm hands to plant andwork the bumper crops, and .thisyear so many of the young men havebeen called -into service by the government draft system that the sit -uation will be acute.3fHE BOURBON NEWSfeARlS, KV.fcHtis jjHAW 'AirSSt rCLOTH THXOUGE-:HAIR, 'DOIlJIE-ITSlBlATTTy,? &. Hh a 'Try This! Hair -Gets,Ttedk,MOsy,YaanEeauttfulAt Once.Tnimailiota ? Vool C Of t Q 1 Tl ?! """" -"pthat's the joy of xt" Your hair be"comes n&nt' wavy "uiy- a'Junaautand appeals as soft, lustrous andbeautiful as a young girl's after adanderine. hair cleanse. Just trythrough your hair, taking one small for transportation for the year 1916strand at a time. This will cleanse . 17 Was $16,932.86, which is just athe hair of dust, dirt or excessive trifle more than ha homi pynonriioiI) and in just a few moments youiin any other year.'have doubled the beauty of yourj Another evidence of healthy,?,. a riolipr,tfni onmr ss awaits'w a rthose whose hair has been neglectedor is scraggy, faded, dry, brittle orthin. Besides beautifying the hair,Danderine dissolves every particle ofdandruff; cleanses, purifies and invigorates tne scaip, torever stoppingitching and falling hair, but whatwill please you .most will be after afew weeks' use, when you see newhair fine and downy at first yesbut really new hair growing allover the scalp. If you care for pretty, soft hair, and lots of it, surelyget a bottle of Knowlton's Danderinefrom any drug store or toilet counter for a few cents. "(adv)IS ?SiA POUND OF FLOUR.Your government asks you to useone pound less of wheat flour aweek. These are" the reasons:The wheat crop of our allies Isshort. Our allies look to us to savethem from the wheat famine. Theymust have 226,000,000 bushels fromthe United States.If famine comes, they can't fight.Then we we would have to carry onthe war alone. -.We have only 8800,000 bushelsof wheat more than we use eachyear. This we can send them, butit isn't sufficient. Weean't sendthem corn meal, for it doesn't keepin shipping. We can't send themcorn, for they haven't the necessarymills to grind it. Where must these132,000,000 other bushels of wheatcome from?From our savings from you!There are 100,000,000 of us, usingan average dt five pounds of wheatflour a week per peison.If you, by the hundred million,use only four pounds a week onepound less we can ship those 132,000,000 bushels of wheat. AndYOUR pound is easily saved.By having ONE wheatless meal aj'M " uday-more, if you can-eating rye the number of accI r.nm hr&nrt hnrlo.v hrfiad. and C(L 3,331 were givenLflCUU, VUiil liw.v, i 1. .- j . .,other kinds, instead of wheat bread, sna.uiu it ui t .and by serving less pie and cake. , were not disabled long enough .0 reBy ordering your bread a day inoive compensation ihe reoult ofadvance; then the baker will not the work is that about 2b per cent.bake too much and have it go stale, of the people mjuied received cornBy cutting the loaf on the tabic psnsanon., ,. ii. i,A J During the time of the operationas each slice is needed then none J , , . ,. y i of the Board, 4,iJ3 companies havewill go Svaie. Uroented th o-n? of the lav, andBy making into puddings or lo?sl-1 epted ta- o. . or tino- flWW mt nr TUfip.fi that DOES"t j - "- - - -1go staleYOU are the.guard oyer the soi-dier's ration; he will attend to tlwuwl11B" -1U -----u iu.t.iw.i, .rphfl -Rnnrri !'. pnlop.t.fi.i in revenueenemy.IS Ea EaTHE JANUARY FAKM AND HRESIDE. The January Farm and Fiie.sideis the first monthly issue of Farmand Fireside, the national farm paper, which lias always been heretofore published twice a month ai1U1C 1LlSpria&fleld, Ohio. In this ibue Ivans Rossiter, a Canadian private whoy;as captUred by the Germans, tellsh it feels to bo a prisoner in Ger-man hands; "When You Build YourHouse" is a helpful and suggestivearticle; "Borrowing Money FromUncle Sam" is an article which willitell you how to do so;. and "Prosperity Throusrh Planning" will showvou how to boss your work. In adi dltion tliere are articles about wiiL-ter - dailng housework, gardens, Iautomobiles, fanning without1 harses iiealth, beauty and the firstinstaumeiIt of a fine fiction storycentered around a plot to injure a. subnmrine destroyer, all of whichj 2 ollJ1dbut an excellent issue,i mLANS ZCOMMENDS PENDINGLEASING BILLS BE PASSEDSecretary Lane has lecommendedto Congress that pending leasingbills be passed to release "waterpower and petroleunv resources forthe war."But this war is not to be won bythe measuring of resources," hesaid, ''for if wars were to, be woChina possibly would be our onlyrival. -The spirit of the people IsHthe making of the nation. The extene to which a people can co-operatemarks the point of civilizationthey have reached. The greatestoutstanding fact of the past year isthat under the influence of a corn-jmon danger and purpose the Americans are "quick' to cogue together."-1E0GBES MADE BY KEKTTJCKT. RURAL J9GHOOIfinr ." '" fASTWkRtk'". v:- S tinhis annual; report to the De-Chapman7Sftate SupervisoroV'lturali.i virguJ Schools, says that while Kentuckyi J ji -A... -t .ns maue rapia smaes or lmprove-ment in may rural school activities?the State has been unusuallv tardyin the matters of consolidation andtransportation. Seventy-nine schoolshaye been consolidatelNand only 12amount expended.i. 4. 3 i ,giuwui. tuwcuu u, IU.I&UI- anu moreefficient country schools, SupervisorChapman says, is the fact that atpresent there are 1,084 schools in therural disjjrictss with two or moreteachers. This is an increase of 216over 1915,j Supervisor Chapman visited sevrOnty-two counties during the year,traveling a distance of 19,640 milesjj,y steam railways, 5,000 miles by, traction line, several hundred bv au-omobile and other conveyances anda considerable distance on the surefooted mountain mule.Modern school plants, with proper heating, lighting", ventilating andsanitation, with attractive surroundings and enough room to "play,to liave a school garden and somelessons in practical agriculture.Supervisor Chapman believes, will bea gigantic stride toward betteischools and a better community life.-- Kl Ea TES .BAD COLD QUICKLY BROKEN UPMrs. Martha Wilcox, Gowanda, N.Y., writes: "I first used Chamberlain's Cough Remedy about eightyears ago. At that time I had ahard cold and coughed most of thetime. It proved to be just what Ineeded. It broke up the cold in afew days, and the cough entirelydisappeared. I have told many ofmy friends of the good I receivedthrough using this medicine, and allwho have used it speak of it in thehighest terms." Obtainable everywhere. (adv-jan)Es Ea HaWORKMEN'S COMPENSATIONBOARD HAKES REPORT.The Kentucky Workman's Com-(pensation Boaid has had reported toit since its organization in August,1916, a total of 12,665 accidents, inwhich the board made 2,730 settle-! ments. There are 413 cases pendingand there are 128 contested claims.accidents report-compensation,-. . . . . ,- 011 "' Ul tX"J """ "-' """drawn from it. une iunareu ana"-", 1 V"",".;,;$36,236.11 and has disbuised $26,-5-88.7S,leaving a total of ?9, 647.33in the hands of the Boaid. Onlyze en cases passed onby the Boardhave been appealed to the CircuitCourt, and of "this number two havebeen affirmed, and the others arjpending."P W&The Minnesota man who wantsdamages because his pictuie of theKaiser was burned, should, be thankful tnat the situation was not madewarmer for him personally.BEfgJMaster Commissioner's Saleof Store Room and Dwelling at Plum Lick.- TBOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.P.ICHABD EVERMAN'S ADMR., &C, - PLAINTIEF&VS. Notice of Sale. "SARAH EVEBMAN. &C, ..' DEEENDANT3LUnder and by virtue of a judgment and order of sale rendered at the November term, 1917, of Hie-Bourbon Circuit Court, vin the above styled action therein pending, the undersigned Master Commii-Jsioner will,, on '-?SATURDAY, JANUARY 26, 1918sell at public auction to the MgestBeginning at a point nearham and running therefrom S 53 W 8.2. poles to a point near the center of the pike, corner tosaid Doyle; thence S 29 B 5.88 poles to the point in the stone fence, corner to Wilson; thence ifc """66 B 12.82 poles to a walnut tree, corner to Wilson; thence 21 5? W. 10.45 poles to the he-ginning, containing 71.94 square poles, and being the same lot conveyed to R. A. Everman b$vJLT. Wilson and wife by deed recorded in Deed Bookv90, page 46;in the office of the Clerk o theBourbon County Courts t -Said sale will be made upon the credits of six and twelve months, the purchaser" or purchasers beirequired to execute two bonds with good surety to be approved by the Commissioner, due six and twelvemonths from date 'of sale respectively and hearing interest at the rate of six per cent, per aanum from thedate of sale until paid, with a lieu retained upon the property to further- secure their payment, saKlbonds to nave trie iorce ana enectdeceased.IV!, F. KENWEY, Auctioneer.emiie purchase money m easn insieaa oi execuiang douqs. oaia saie is maae lor the purpose of satisfyingthe lien indebtedness of the plaints n the sum of Six Hundred Dollars ($600.00) with six per cent interest from March 10, 1915, until paid and the costs of this action and sale, -the same being esthnatstTas of the date of sale at 775.00, rnd for the further purpose of settling the estate of Richard- Eyerman,i. DOJTT DELAY.Some IPaiii tfeo$b viwellctmedThe slightest symptom of kidneytroubte"is"far too serious to be over-looked. It's the small, neglectedtroubles that so often lead to seriousSidney ailments. That pain in the"small" of your back; that urinaryirregularity; those headaches anddizzy spells; that weak, weary,wornout feeling, may be nature'swarning of kidney weakness. Whyrisk your life by neglecting thesesymptoms? Reach the cause of thetrouble while there yet is time begin treating your kidneys at oncewith a tried and proved kidney remedy. No need to experiment Doan'sKidney Pills have been successfullyused in thousands of cases of kidneytrouble for over 50 years. Doan'sKidney Pills are used and recommended throughout the civilizedworld. Endorsed at home. "-ReadPalis testimony.Mrs. J. W. Markland, 326 Eighthstreet, says: "Soma years ago Isuffered severely with kidney complaint and sometimes was in a serious condition. I had a constant,dull ache across the small of myback, and I was terribly dffczy at":imes. I have used Doan's KidneyPills for this trouble and they havehelped me more than anything else,always relieving me of the complaint.-'r'Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsi,mply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Markland had. Foster-Mil-burnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.Cadv)m m laThe German Crown Prince hasbroken-in on his father's claims topartnerships with the Creator.For Rent.Cottage of four rooms. Good location. Call Home Phone 399.(8-4t(For Sale.Pme bronze turkey gobblers.Extra nice stock." MRS, JAMES H. THOMPSON, --PARIS, KY.Cumberland Phone 256-W(ll-3t)FOR SALEHandsome set of furniture for"den." Consists of cellarette,double settee, with table attachment, floor clock, secretary, centerablfc, etc. Set is finished in mission and is good as new. Can bebought at a bargain. Call at THEBOURBON NEWS office. Bothphones 124. (If)EveIISIs plain to be seen in the weakened and irritated appearance of theeyes; the persistent and distressingheadaches; pains in temples or lorehead; blurring together of letters;that frown whichi is beginning tospoil the face. Together with these,there is the effect on the generalhealth, which is great in manycpses. Let me give you the benefitof my several years' (Tii'y experiencein expert eye testing- and coi-reclifting of glasses for eye-strain in allits forms. Yours for better eyesight. DR. W. R. FRANKLINCumb. Phone 47:520- Main St.and best bidder, the following described property:the center of the turnpike, corner to Ben Doyle and G. Cunning-.oi juagmenus ur me puxwmser wmO. T. HINTONMaster Commissar owrJn Circuit Curt,. jajwaiheChiropodfstAll persona who are troubled with,their fefet will find a chiropodist atRuss Corbin's barber shop on Saturday, Jan. 12, and each Wadnegdaythereafter. Sanitary treatment.Will be glad to have you call andhave your feet treated. Call Cumberland phone 168.T. M. LEWIS, Chiropodist,Of Lexington; KyV(ll-3t)Farms For Sale!We have for sale a large number of highly productive, welllocated farms, ranging, in siic-'from fifty to four hundred acre,in Oldham and adjoining counrties. Good pikes, Interurban serrvice to Louisville, excellentwater' and every convenience.Land is well adapted to orchardgrass, alfalfa, blue grass, corn,wheat and clover, nd is highlyrrouth resistant. For particuwrite or phoneDIXON & GOSLING,LaGrange, Ky. "Home Phone 102 and 97-B2.umb. Phonee 85-J and-37-W:(novi6-tf)Public Sale-OF-Stock, Crop, Farm Implements, Etc; "I will sell at public auction, atmy residence, foup miles from Paris,,Ky., on the Redmon pike, promptlyat ten o'clock, a. m., onWednesday, Jan. 30, 1918,the following described property, allof which will positively be soldwithout reserve or by-bidding: vOne 8-year-old mule, works anyplace;One 4-year-old mare mule, goodone and good worker;One 8-year-old work horse;One 4-y ear-old work horse;One 5-year-old buggy horse, will'work anywhere; -Ten good young- milch cows, allbred; some will be fresh in shorttime;Eight yearling steers;Bight calves; weaned;One bull; vOne good brood sow, bred;One good gilt, bred;Three shoats, will weigh about100 pounds each;One Deering Bfnder;One tobacco setter, goo'l as new.One Deering Mower;Two riding cultivators;One disc harrow; "One corn planter, good as new; "" ""Two breaking plows;One bull rake;One sulky r.ake;. One grain drill;One sled; l V'One 3 Mitchell wagon andframe ;, Two good rubber tire buggies;Ohe steel-tired rockawayf goodone;One set good bugqy harness;One good tirpaulin, large size;About SO barrels of corn in crib; ,About 5 tons mixed hay, baled;About 50 shocks of fodder;One-haK interest in about 15 acresof wheat on the farm;Turkeys, ducks, some householdgoods and kitchen furniture, andother things too numerous to men-tion.Terms will be mado known on dayof thesaleMRS. CHAS. C. COLLINS.Gee IX Speakes, Auctioneer.t -nave xne privilege ol paying thePtUDAYu. , . :sifcTftfe, "stc.tr' Jf(.ranll-18-25) tvak..TLj jj & v 3T.:-. - -i" -!- '(ifi t Aa,"J.- -.""5ft . v 'xiIMPERFECT IN ORIGINALJJ Tj-r0" ." jf--te' 2:j18U!- ST v-rfMR&-VrljIft kV'.--v-v4ls K '1i. mi. -; ...,$'-Av. ,.mssfJrm$t,"V i f; 1SA S- "VT" ArtK pftTriaSkWE. s" "-3L&1st "Ss -tz, s, rjsr tik,- v "S 3sb ""." -J " , fi " - ""a5 jiirnvx '? ac- '.-v - .-..At-'r .y i ytJt h .-&'.' "r.1' -rrr wvA'' t w. -".rRft - r ,-r - t .a-" j " - i s -- ,n -, -- a fc "t- r &&x V " -y4V1 .,rV -.& , $$ -, -J:X?,-" -r ' - .Tar;.. .. . . .,v.FRIDAY. JANUARY 18,.118 ' "V.-TCi v.j3r.$ r-;- -A-i ? -f- ' tul uiiDaniCx Mwurc ct1uic uiuu uvtumuvj. "i i inior n JV8S--Iffi. . - V ., , .Ml .- sr .Fh'?1-1B Karate IIVttU4..--.,.,Sl.. --kj.; tVAiS.:. OfWUiU litiU JCiito me if I were your kid?Well, if you're not acquaintedvriih Criumet Balungs youdon't kno? what a so J excuse I have. I Can't HelpHelping Myself they're sogood! Gocd for me too, because Calumet Bakings arewholesome and easily discsd.i&Millions of mothers n'MeT2 s h HS?4r-Ji 35'because of its purity becauseic always gives best results and isecc-OTiicai in cost and use."Calumet contains only suchingredicnto as hava been approved officially by the V. S.Food Authorities.You sava when you buy it.You save when you uso it.g:HIGHESTQtlAIJTY-wviuas:TRUCE TILL FEBRUARY 18.LONDON, Jan. 17. Warning ofthe possibility of a final breach inthe Russo-German negotiations isthe outstanding feature of the current news from Petrograd.In the meantime, according to thecorrespondent of the Daily Mail inthe Russian capital, the armisticehad been extended until February18 and the Russian delegation toPetrograd to-day, but the peace negotiations will be resumed after aninterval at Warsaw.Premier Lenine has returned toPetrograd and is reported to be taking an important part in guidingthe negotiations with the CentralPowers, although avoiding the limelight. The correspondent of the DailyIIail says that some extremists aredissatisfied with Foreign MinisterTrotzky's conduct of the negotiation, thinking he is too- willing tomeet the German views, and theysuggest that Lenine take his place.at iuture conferences.The -Social Revolutionary members of the Constitutent Assemblyhave issued a manifesto bitterly denouncing the Bolsheviki as "usurpers of power, who have precipitatedthe country into an abyss of civilwar and anarchy."While placing the restoration ofpeace at the head of their own program, the signers of the manifestoreproached the Bolsheviki for having deluged the worn-out soldierswitht hopes of immediate peace instead of which "they have openedthe front to the enemy, brought thecountry to the verge of a new andoverwhelming war caused by 'therupture of relations with the Entente and left Russia to her fate."The manifestants emphasize thedanger of a general peace at Russia'sexpense, and declare that only themembers of the Constituent Assembly are entitled to represent Russiaand bring about a universal democratic peace.The program of the Social Revolutionary members is to demobilizethe wearied army and recruit a newvolunteer army, -cease civil war andproclaim federalism on the basis ofa -Russian Republic.Professional Cards.WM. GRAIN1NANAttorneyatLawROOMS 401-402.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGDR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and Throat.ROOMS 403-404.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING.PHONE 131.CAHAL BROSBARBER SHOPPrompt andCourteousatrMM.Attention'HOT ATO OOTJ) 1ATIS.W8 m rn-i tt?L f EEBSS'3 S32? E2FE Esn a sa& c as t fcaa y&Hn3pk?n i y v-&J?JXEGISLATURE RATIFIES "NATIONTrrrrn? ATVTT?"KnYiurn,'Kr'T iFRANJCFORT, Jan. 17. KentuckyMonday went on record as the thirdState "of the Union1 to ratify the Nation-wideprohibition amendment,and is the first State, n6t already dry,to ratify. Mississippi and Virginia,in order beat the Kentucky General'Assembly to it by a few days.The vote in the House stood : Foramendment 66, against 10.The vote in the Senate stood: Foramendment 27, against 5.Those who voted against theamendment in the House were William F. Klair, of Lexington; B. C.Beckman, of Louisville; HV. Bell, ofAnderson; James S. Cruse, of Owensboro; J. W. Johnson, of Henderson;H. A. Knollman and Harry J. Meyers,Covington; W. P McDonogh, of Louisville; Joe Schneider, of BowlingGreen, and J. T. Thornton, of Newport. j In the Senate the negative vote waslcast by Thomas A. Combs, of Lexington; Hite Huffaker and W. A.Perry, of Louisville; L. N. Rayburn,,of the Lewis-Mason district, and R.C. Simmons, of Covington.I The vote on the joint-resolutionMonday left no doubt as to the dryness of the majority. The SenateSmith's resolution, 26 to 6, and theHouse adopted the substitute offeredbv Minority Leader Oliver for Hon.Ti j - mi t iaI n o.-jgg Vjiauae iyi. x nomas resolution, oo toJs'3'lft Tlif fieri ji.a t."hfr cnnpiirrpfl inthe House amendment and the thingwas done.j mciaenxany cspeaiter vrowe, wnohad made his Committee on Constitutional Amendments "bone dry," asLieutenant Governor Black did his,took occasion to show that he wasdry deeper than the skin, also by refusing to lend himself to dilatoryx tactics and standing by until the resolution was adopted. He also puthimself in good favor by the adoptionj of the majority rule.The State-wide resolution waspassed in the Senate on motion ofSenator Frost, its author, who substituted a bill for it.In the House time was extendedfor the Nation-wide amendment andit adjourned as soon as that wasadopted.The new Senate Committee had18 bills In their keeping when it adjourned, as did the House, until Wednesday to attend Tuesday's WarCouncil m Louisville.Two state-wide Jbills, an "anti-shipping"liquor bill; one to permit soldiers to vote outside the State, another to prohibit enemy aliens possessing .firearms or explosives; oneprohibiting possession of a "moonshine" still, a Senatorial re-districtingbill, providing for community organization of the campaign to eradicate illiteracy and several amendments to various statutes were offered. HEAD AND NOSTRILSSTUFFED FROM COLD"Pape's Cold Compound" EndsCold or Grippe in aaFew Hours.Your cold will break and all grippemisery end after taking a dose of"Pape's .Cold Compound" every" twohours until three doses are -taken.It promptly opens clogged-up nostrils and air passages in the head,stops nasy discharge or nose running, relieves sick headache; dullness, feverishness, sore throat, sneezing, soreness and stiffness.Don't 'stay stuffed up! Quit blowing and snuffling! Ease your throbbing head nothing else in the worldgives such prompt relief as "Pape'sCold Compound," which costs onlyfew cents at any .drug store. It actswithout assistance, tastes nice, andcauses no inconvenience. Accept nosubstitute. " (adv)HORACE GREELY' FAMOUS "GOWEST" LETTER LOST.The original letter .written byHorace Greely entitled, "Go "West,Young Man," was one of the manytreasures destroyed when the residence of Joseph G. Butler, wealthysteel man, was destroyed by Are atYoungstown, Ohio:The damage by the fire is estimated at more than $200,000, valuable oil paintings having been burned along with autographs of everyPresident from Lincoln to Wilson.A painting by Detzille, depicting abattle scene with extraordinary vividness, was one of - the most valuablepaintings lost. Mr. Butler did notdisclose how he obtained possessionof the original Greely letter.WR -ffS PR -State of Ohio, City of Toledo,Lucas County, ss.Frank J. Cheney makes oath thathe is senior partner of the firm ofF. J. Cheney & Co., doing businessin the City of Toledo, County andState aforeseaid, and that said firmwill ay the sum of ONE HUNDREDDOLLARS for each and every case ofCatarrh that cannot be cured oy theuse of HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINE.FRANK J. CHENEY. ;Sworn to before ,me and subscribed in my presence, this 6th day ofDecember, A. D., 1886. -A. W. GLEASON,(Seal) Notary Public.Hall's Catarrh Medicine" is takeninternally and acts through the bloodon the mucous Surfaces of the system. Send for testimonials, free.JF. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio. 0Sold by all druggists, 75c.'Hall's Family, Pills for constipation: --f " '1 - . (adYrjanKSOCIAL ANIV PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There and'' Elsewhere. -Mrs. Quincy, Burgess continues jseriously ill at her home near HutclT-1ison. s.Councilman Thos. Kiser is illat his home on Maysville .street, 'witn grippe. 'Mrs. Homer Kiser has returnedfrom a visit to Mrs. Edward Carson,in Richmond.Mrs. Charles Hopkins is aguest of relatives in Ewlng andFlemingsburg.Mr. James D. McClintock liasl eturnedf rom a successful huntingtrip near Pensacola, Oklahoma.Mrs. James Wilson, who" hasbeen ill at her home on Mt. Airyavenue for some time, is improving.Messrs. Jo. Davis, Dan W. PeedJr., and Prew'itt Burch were guestsof Winchester friends recently.Mrs. C. N. Perry has returnedto her home in Paris after a visitto Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Crawford, inFlemingsburg.Miss Martha Tinder has returned to her home in North Middletown, after a visit to Mrs. W. S.Broaddus, in Richmond.Miss Elizabeth Embry willleave this week on a business tripthrough the South in the interest ofthe house she represents:Mrs. Robert Horton ami MissBelle Horton attended the Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra concert inLexington Tuesday evening.- Mrs. E. S. Perry has returnedto her home in Sonora, Ky., "aftera visit to her father, Rev. Dr. B. F.Orr, and family, on Cypress street.Philip, Winston and Wm. Ardery, Jr., the sons of Mr. and Mrs.Wm. B. Ardery, are very ill withwhooping cough at their home nearParis. JMrs. Logan Bryan, of NorthMiddletown, attended the meetingof the Missionary Society of the4Newtown Christian Church, in Scottcounty, Tuesday.Miss'- Helen Hutchcraft returned Tuesday afternoon to her dutiesas Y. M. C. A. Secretary of OberlinCollege, in, Oberlin, O., after a visitto her parents, Mr. and Mrs. R. B.Hutchcraft, on Second street.The extreme cold weather andthe return to schools and'-colleges ofstudents has caused, a slump in social events, not even an "annualdance" of any kind being on thecalendar.(Other Personals on Page 5)U.S. GOVERNMENT AGENTS IN--VESTIGATING-'MYSTERI-OUSFIRES.Two big conflagrations of mysterious origin, one at Washington, DC, and the other at Indianapolis,Ind., are being investigated by Fed-,eral agents and secret service men.It is claimed both fires were the result of German spy activities, anda vigorous investigation is underway.At Washington 'the fire destroyeda quantity of army supplies, including $1,000,000 worth of food, ruined the Quartermaster'sx warehouseand damaged several other buildings. The flames were given addedimpetus by the explosion of a largequantity of gasoline stored in ' onepart of the big warehouse. An ordnance building containing a largequantity of small arms ammunitionwas saved by the quick work of thesoldiers.At Indianapolis an incendiary firedistroyed six dwellings, a church, agrocery, and a saloon, and the Industrial Building at Canal andTenth streets, causing a damage estimated at $2,000,000.Points established in the chain ofcircumstances which indicate thatthe fire wasstarted ,by eneniies ofthe Government include: There wasno fire in the building, which housestwenty-three manufacturing establishments, a majority of which wereengaged in Government war work;the sprinkling system.wit whichthe building was equipped had beendrained, to prevent the pipes bursting;" the flames started at a timewhen the watchmen were beingchanged, and the men were in theoffice of the building; informationfrom persons in the neighborhood is,that the flames seemed to burst forthin more than one place.m& pat 1Q tINFLAMMABLE MATTER CAN'TBE SENT TO SOLDIERS., The attention , of relatives andfriends of the soldiers, sailors andmarines' is called by the PostofficeDepartment to the fact that packagescontaining matches of every kind, aswell as cigar lighters, fuel lighters,storm lighters, etc., and solidified'alcohol, including preparation called "Sterno" or canned heat, willnot be accepted for mailing to foreign countries, to the American expeditionary forces and-naval vessels.This precaution is taken owing tofrequent .handling m incident to thedispatch of packages oversea.All packages are thoroughly inspected before being forwarded,and any such prohibited articlesfound jvill be confiscated.la te lm -The German Chancellor is confident of the justness of the Germancause, he declares. Maybe he hasnever had any-, .experiences, withscraps of paper. - - tj m m rr -It is-reported" now, itfepLuxbuc;i4mentally unbalancedandfrhaJbenso all along. m '--HOW THISNERVOUS WOMANGOTWELLTold by Herself. Her Sin. cerity Should Convince Others.Christopher, 111. "For four years IBuffered from irregularities, weakness,nervousness, a n dvwas in a run-downcondition. Two ofour best doctorsfailed to do me anygood. I heard somuch about whatLydiaE.Pinkham'sVegetable Compound had done for-others, I tried itand was cured. Iam no longer nervous, am regular,and in p-jrrpllpnf.bealth. I believe the Compound willcure any female trouble." Mrs. AliceHeller, Christopher, 111.Nervousness is often a symptom ofweaknessor some functional derange-ment, which may be overcome by thisfamous root and herb remedy, LydiaE. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, asthousands of women have found byexperience. vIf complications exist, write Lydia E.Pinkham Medicine Co., Lynn, Mass., forsuggestions in regard to your ailment.The result of its long experience isat your service,maan in i i mi, mtaaaDRAFTED MEN IN CLASS ONEOUT OP NONCOMBATANI'S.Drafted men in Class 1 of the selective service will not be givencommissions in the noncombatantarms of the service, under a resolution adopted by the War Council andapproved by Secretary Baker. It isthe announced purpose of the WarDepartment to draw fighting menfrom this class of registrants, andthe department is said to be determined to prevent further inroadsuDon the ' nations' fighting: materialV.for staff positions unless there is asubstantial reason for exception inindividual cases due to special qualifications of the men involved.Further expansion of the commissioned personnel of the noncombatants arms will be made by drawingfrom men in the deferred classes,where young men are needed.'In the Kentucky House everymember wants to be a speaker, eventhough he cannot be the Speaker.You Don't Have toStoopIf You Use a "GarlandCabinetRange9KBB2K'SirtA beautiful line of Garlands on dlaplay. Come In and look them over.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)l1ui D. RockefellerTettt How To Smcceed- Forbe Magrinne5 15c copy ye1SPECIAI-S ! tff'.1.(9 if you act promptly)intimate stories or W mm; lni,.!n" articles, on qusm --0 fcii-everytwo.tlnance. , rv"- .irflatelyweeks l&U ow "u includeand wowill'number containing u ""Rockefeller iniervwwFreeFORBES MAGAZINE' . i2L &$&?.'v "vr .,:."-r Tv'v - fjatj m ; tM...-Wlji.i'CY""' i.- - J-t atr.." "-' 'r2fe5JJlw , L(r " " iBig Sale Now Going OnCOME INLadies' Suits and Coats Erom$12.50 UpAll Sizes..and. Silk Dresses$6.50 UpAH Sizes.Ladies' Hats98c UpChildren's CoatsSergeia$2.00Many PrettyBlouses,38 to 54$4.50 AND UPIn Hand-Embroidered and Beaded Styles.WE GIVE THE BLUE STAMPSwin Bros. Department Store.Swentft and Itlalit .A MAN AND HIS WIFELEVY, THE DRY CLEANER-Cumberland Phone 40 Home Phone 169 2WANTED!Every Automobile OwnerIn Bourbon CountyTo Have the Advantage of- OurUBring your old tires to us andhave your work done by an expertwho has had 'years of experiencebuilding tires. : Come and see foryourself. V ;SyWe Do Re-reading and iVulcanizingCS.MllvCs-fro.j j -0r. FMrth mM- , r-mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmwmm2Promff?.rsUtUpSizes frorawParis, KHttkymay both derive saiisf actionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. The "'co3t is nominal, whilethe pleaure of wearing old clothes. . thatfhave the appearance of newfihconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting' a' greatp ,ving, must surely satisfy you!A phone brings us. r"rfiof All Kinds.A7if.is-5M--'v, -S .tofe -jSitr- X,.mcir-' ?--rv . . V-'iTJbtl Ji--jumu6r imi-e,.t '-rSr--VfrVA-.f'SCjbXS?r-- ".;"15ti.-i-:TJr;'-min-SSr,. )'aVvjp-,-iz,..:r--" 'jmA AAA A -A A A A A A A A-A. AAA.-A- ". .-T v-T-rTT-r-r-rTvr-W: -DEATHS.MYERS.- The funeral and burial of Mr..John Myers, aged fifty-five, who-diedin & Lexington hospital, Monday, after a brief illness, took place at hishome in Mt. Sterling, Wednesday."Mr. Myers was engaged in farming.He is survived by five sisters, onedaughter, and three brothers, oneof whom, Mr. Mordecai Myers, livesin Bourbon, county..?; ,. .. - HUTCHCRAPT.?:?-""--; -The funeral of Mr. J. Perrysj- JSutchcraft, who died Monday at''hia residence in East Paris, was held:-- t the family home at ten o'clock, J. ', ,. irith services conducted by Rev.T.l&gi. r-.jTa.ylor Sharrard, of Paris. The bur-ji ,V. xw xoiiowea in tne jaris uemetery.:n;i The nail-bearers were James D.Jr . McClintock, Dr. John W. Jameson,Master's Sale-OF-and Lot!BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.'"Jane CrosV Admx.,- Etc PlaintiffHe?Vs. Notice of Sale.--. James Bedineer Defendantgi- At ' the Court HouseParis, Kentucky, ondoor, inFEBRUARY 2, 1918,'tabout the hour of 11 o'clock a. Im., the undersigned Master Commis-!"sioner will sell the Jane Cros house)and lot on Bally Paton Street, in'.Paris. Kentuckv. on the fired its nfi-Bix and twelve months. The pur -chasers to execute bonds with goodvsurety drawing six per cent, inter-- est from date of sale.See handbills.O.-T. HINTON,Master Commissioner.. ja!8-25-febl)Public SaleBUSINESS-PROPERTYJ I w&l mU at public auction, on the'--jgriwlnn, at 132$ Main Street, onMIOKDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1918,at about 11:30 a. m., the brick busi-":nees house now occupied by the ParisGarage."" . This building is a. modern two-story brick building, facing 39.6feet on Main Street, and runs: -through the entire block to HighStreet, being equal width through-: out, the building' covering the entire'lot.This is an excellent business location, having for years been rentedout profitably. The rear of the building is on the Paris Interurban carline, making the unloading and loading of freight from the rear of theibuilding, to and from the interurbancars, most convenient, and effectinga considerable s'aving to the occu- at of the building in drayageflfcarcte. Has gas, water and electric lights. . -.. . The second floor of the building isfitted up into a commodious and- nodern flat, equipped with water,aas amd electric lights, and which is' alto a substantial revenue producer.Tor further information, apply tothe umaersigned.TERMS One-third cash, the balance in equal payments due and payable in one and two years fromdate, said deferred payments to bear;J6. per cent, interest from said salejiate.-- SAM CLAY, Agent,or A. B. HANCOCK,; (18-5t) Paris, Ky.f Master's Sale of House and Lot!r'.:" BOURBON-CIRCUIT COURTr JOH J. BICE, Etc., :..... ..PLAINTIFFSVS. Notice of Sale. - ,TILUE BICE, ETC., :.....,.. ..DEFENDANTSUader and by virtue, of a judgment and order of sale rendered at the November, 1917, term of theJomrlwi. Circuit Court in the above styled action therein pending, the undersigned M-a s t e r " Conunissioftdr, oa vSATURDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1918iat aSwit the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., at the front door of the Court House, in Paris, 'Kentucky" will sellmt jAhlic auction to the highest and best bidder, the following described property to-wit:. r'j A certain house and lot situated in North Middletown, Bourbon County, Ky., and bounded as."follows: Beginning at a corner of the South .side of Main Cross Street in said town, in the west-. erm extremity thereof, and running thence with Main Street we3t to the line, of the' property occupied by J. G. Miller (in, August; 1897); thence South with the line of said Miller to the line. &. lot occupied by W. T. Allen; thence East with said Allen's line to said Main Cross Street;. Whence with said Cross Street to the beginning, being the same property conveyed to Samuel Rice """"y Matthew D. Hume, by deed of record in the office of the Clerk of the Bourbon County Courtjitid ialerwill be made upon the credits of six and twelve months, the purchaser or purchasers beine. .xtffhW to execute their two bonds with good surety to be approved by the. Master Commissioner for;,-, -w rw, -wj,jPC;temt at the rate ofnx per;iPHm cmcui, ;oi jwiKmcawB, wm ueu xewunca upon xnejproperry. ft&L saks mtAt for , the purpose of division among the parties in;ys .. T.. . jJames M. Russell, DouJlaSiTlibmas,Sr J. W. Bacon and James GVinnan.-BUCKLER.Mrs. Myrtle D. Buckler, agodtwenty-eight, died at her home onTarr Station pike yesterday morningafter a long illness of tuberculosis.Mrs. Buckler is survived by herhusband, Mr. Joshua Buckler, oneson, Clarence Buckter, and onedaughter, Ida May Buckler, and herfather, Mr, John D. Sloop.The body will be taken Saturdaymorning to Shannon, in Masoncounty, by automobile, accompaniedby the funeral party, where services.will be held at the grave in theShannon Cemetery.ROGERS.The funeral of . Judere L. S.Rogers, aged eighty, who died at hishome in Carlisle, Wednesday, washeld at the family residence in thatcity yesterday morning at ten o'clockwith services conducted by Rev. Mr.Crates, pastor of the Carlisle Methodist church. The burial followedin the Carlisle Cemetery.Judge Rogers was a native ofRobertson county, and had servedthat county in the capacity ofCounty JudgeT He had been in poorhealth for several years, but had until recently been able to be aboutthe streets of the city.MACEY.Mr.Robert Ward Macey. aecdsixty-nine, one of the most prominent handlers- of trotting horses inCentral Kentucky, died at bis homej in Versailles, after a prolongedillness. Mr. Macey was almost aswell known in Paris as he was inhis home town, having frequentlyI driven horses in races at the Paris.fair. He leaves a wife and twodaughters, Misses Pattie and SadieiIaceyof Versailles; two sons, R.Ward Macey, of Detroit, and Baileyj Macey. of Lexineton. and nns hrnth-er, the celebrated driver, GusMacey, of Lexington. The funeraland interment took place at "Versailles. FOX.The .body of Mr. James W. Fox,aged fifty-five, a former resident ofParis, will be brought to this cityfor interment this afternoon In theParis Cemetery at two o'clock. Ifthe weather proves too severe thebody will be placed in the vault.The services will be conducted atthe grave by Rev: W. B. Ellis, pastor of the Paris Christian -church.Mr. Fox was the eldest son of thelate Prof. John Fox, who conducteda private school in Paris severalyears ago, and was . a brother ofJohn Fox, Jr., the novelist, RichardKerr Fox, the NewY-ork publisher.Miss Minnie Fox, Mr. Horace Fox,of Big Stone Gap, Va., and Mr. Everett Fox, of Fayette county.Mr. Fox moved from Paris toNew York several years Ago, andentered the employ of a large business concern, in which he eventually became a partner, and inhe was highly successful.which,SIMPSON.The funeral of Mrs. ElizabethTnompson Simpson, aged ninety:four, who died at the home of herdaughter, Mrs. Dan Peed, Sr., oniWednesday, was held at the family the Food Administration, and E. M.residence yesterday afternoon at Flesh, head of the St. Louis depart2:30 o'clock, with services conduct- ment.ed by Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of the This was one of the most imporParis Christian church. The burial tant meetings that has been heldfollowed in. the Paris Cemetery. (for some time, and the outcome ofMrs. Sampson was a native of -the millers' deliberations will be ofMontgomery county, but had been a vital interest to all the' homes inresident of Paris many years. She the State. It Is another effort towas one of the oldest residents of j get the present food situation- inthe county. She had a remarkable. hand for ourselves as well as for ourauuie uieimuy 101 events, ami cuuiaIw - v.Tvxvv iuwuwu uiucent, per annum from dateof saleO.Mjtjyfjiqiiiliiti:fJ-'4-;'?. rST---.' "L. '- i1 r- "'i"t-r-ri-Sfc.Mldistinctly recall many .eyeVtahalp- JQHH .BTOT; TAEES. 'ifcflJTO'PITT -.'J JV." J - ' .pening during the ' Mexican War. I nRflTTTfATv Jfftitj (frTRTt. " 1 Cj "" 1 .Mrs. Simpson , -was twice marriedd" r ' j " 1 'IfJH y " tthe children by these marriaKesbeing Mrs. Alma Simpson Peed, wifeof Mr. Dan W. Peed, Sr., of Paris;Mrs. Anna Simpson Fizer, -wjfe ofMr. James Fizer, of - Mt. .Sterling,and Mr. Wm. White, ofParis.DORSEY.Mr. Beverly W. Dorsey, one' ofthe best-known men in Bourbon,county, died at his home nearHutchison, at nine o'clock Wednesday morning, after a long illness.Mr. Dorsey was a native of Bourboncounty, where he was born seventyfive years ago.Mr. Dorsey had for years been engaged in farming near Hutchison.For many years he was a contrlb'utor to the old True-Kentuckian, astheir correspondent. He was a noted,chicken and turkey fancier and assuch raised ''and sold some of thefinest strains of those breeds ofpoultry. His specialty was a superior breed of bronze turkeys, forwhich he found a ready market inthis and adjoining States.In the days of the old BourbonCounty Fair, Mr. Dorsey was aprominent figure, having been ncharge of the poultry exhibits, andalso for a long time in charge, of theadmission department.He is survived by two children,Mrs. Frankie W. BIddle and Mr.Geo. W. Dorsey, and one brotherMr. George W. Dorsey.The funeral was held at his lateresidence yesterday afternoon, withservices conducted by Rev. ThomasEdward Jackson. The burial followed on the family lot in the ParisCemetery.)taOVERCOME BY GAS.A neighbor coming in to make acall found Mrs. Forrest Fightmaster unconscious on the floor at herhome in North Middletown. Mrs.Fightmaster had been overcome byescaping fumes from a gas stove.Her" foster-parents, Dr. and Mrs.Josephus Martin, of Cynthiana, werenotified, and went immediately toNorth Middletown. They broughtMrs. Fightmaster home with them,where she Is recuperating from theeffects of her rather trying experience. In this connection warnings havebeen repeatedly issued by the gascompanies and insurance people tousers of natural gas to examine theirheaters and ranges carefully at various intervals for evidences of escaping gas, and to exercise theproper care in shutting the gas offwhen leaving their homes. A littleprecaution may' save disastrous consequences to home or person.LOCAL MILLERS ATTEND WAKCONFERENCE IN LOUISVILLEMessrs. B. M.' Renick and HughBrent, of the Paris Milling Co., andFrank P. Kiser, of E. F. Spears &Sons, were in Louisville, Tuesdayand Wednesday, in attendance uponthe war council of millers of theState. Among the other prominentmenpresent at the meeting weree. M. Kelley, of Nashville, TennChairman of the Southwestern Division of the Grain Department ofAllies.ui,c oi :ue respectively, ano: nearuntil paid, said bonds to have ththeto secure payment of same,interest.T. HINTON.&-JtgMv - -r'S"- "S- V ?-? " Jis-'TT .?r . : " - s .'r- ' V .--" :' .-'.Love for a girl which endures thebrand of a criminal and drives thewearer from his old home to the refuge of a rough mining camp in thofar West, is-shown by the hero in"When Men Are Tempted" theGreatest Vitgraph Blue Ribbon Feature, which will be seen at the Alamo and Paris Grand Saturday. Inthis strong picture, adapted from thestory "John Burt," by FrederickUpham Adams, the girl follows,helps hini win his fight for fortuneand clears his name by unmaskingthe man who so nearly wrecked theirlives.t Two popular Vitagraph stars,Mary Anderson andJUfred Whitman, who -appeared together in"The Flaming Omen," "The Divorcee" and "Sunlight's Last Raid,"take the stellar roles in the featureand are supported by Otto LedereS.E. Jennings and R. Bradbury.m m m '"THEM'S OUR SENnMENTS."About a year or "more ago a nicelydressed woman of good appearance,who said she resided near Clintonville, brought to THE NEWS officea printed copy of what purported tobe a letter written several thousandyears ago by Jesus, which she requested published. She stated thatfailure or refusal, to do so would befraught with the direst consequences to all cencerned in the management and publication of the paper.Not being at all fearful, and havingalways been skeptical of such thingsTHE NEWS has never printed thejletter, and it lies to-day in a pile ofunused clippings. Strange people inthis age could be sc easily imposedupon! -Editor Stanley 0. Wood, of theMt. Sterling Gazette, has had a similar experience, of which he writeseditorially:"A Bath county woman has sentus a letter, purported to have beenwritten by Christ, with the admonition that if we failed to publish itwe will be visited with dire calamity. However, should we find spaceIn our columns for the letter prosperity and plenty will be ours. Inthe first place, we don't believe; Christ aver wrote any such letter,and if He did His education wassadly neglected, especially as tospellng, and anyway, we have beensp;,busy filling our columns withMpe" calculated to help Uncle Samj that we can't give this fake lettermuch publicity. We would recommend though that the estimable ladymail it to the Kaiser for his consideration. Ie might have some effecton 'Me und Gott.' "MR. NICHOLS PAYS FANCY PRICEFOR "FAIRY STORY."At the dispersal sale of the Kingston Stud thoroughbreds, held atthe Kingston stock farm, near Lexington, Tuesday, by J W. Corrington, Mtf S. Kenney Nichols, of Paris,purchased the great brood mare,"Fairy Story," for $1,600. Mr.Nichols will place the mare on hisstock farm near Hutchison, recentlypurchased from the Elmendorf estate.PUBLIC SALEr-'ITheMostDesirable Residence in Paris- I wiisell at public auction, on the. premises, at 916 Pleasant Street, between Ninthand Tenth Streets, on - -Tuesday, January 29th-1918my residence containing ei?ht rooms, bathroom, laundry, butlers pantry, closets, larelight attic, (floored) cellar concrete, furnace, gas, natural gas grates, screens window. shades, situated on a lot facing 66 2-3 feet on Pleasant Street, running back 214 feet thelot being of equal width throuhout. 'Residence is on stone foundation, slate roof, cistern,- concrete walks, shade and fruittrees.This is the most desirable residence property in Paris, being located on the best street-close m the business section of the city and accessible to the L. & N. depot churchesschools, postoffice, and as a home is without an eq jal in Paris. 'jPossession Feb. 1st, 1918.l- For further information, apply to the undersigned when the property can b shown atany time prior to the date of sale. " 'TERMS One-third cash the balance in equal-payments due and navnr , o 'a rryears from; date, "said deferred'ff'i-j.COi. GIO. DSKAKES, AuctiMmr. ;JpiP!ffp"PPiStore Closed on Mondays "In pursuance of order of the Governmentour store, will be closed on Mondays..ON ACCOUNT OF THE VERY. SEVEREWEATHER WE WILL CONTINUE OURCLEARANCESALEUNTIL ALL REMNANTS AND BARGAINSOFFERED ARE SOLD.SPECIAL- PRICESON ALLSUITSCOATSand rDRESSES- j.JWeadvise the purchase of all needs as ' esu$ Xas possible, as prices continue to advance. "1'ai - -'FRANKiiASSIGNMENT OF REGISTEREDBONDS.By an official order of the Treasury, the assignment of registeredbonds heretofore made only beforecertain Treausry officials and theofficers of certain courts and Federal reserve and National banks cannow legally be made before officersof incorporated State banks andtrust companies.This will be a great relief to manyholders of registered bonds living insmall towns and cities where theretire no national banks or nersonbefore whom the assignment couldlegally be made.Heretofore it has not been usualAt 2 P.payments to bear 6 per cent, interest from said-sale date.WITHERS DAVIS K:,--f,r ,TririnaiiHnTiirftrfr'ir r.ll-i;,TngrTiiiil-iii t"tmBMMmt t.-ili"!"''"""T 7" i '--f:-:--.-. ;. .-"r-:T.. Vt""& CO." a ' - :-rrr .i mi issJwnsssssilfr '"-'- -life- T ?Jfarfor a fee to- be charged for the assignment of bonds, and it is presum- .ed that the newly designated agen- :cies will conform to the customs, andt 'make no charge. ' ,m m mBIRTHS.Mr. and Mrs. Julian Jamesare receiving and acknowledging. g.congratulations upon the arrival ofMaster Julian Lee James, Jr., avhandsome eight-pound youngster. .who arrived at their home Wednesday morning.&s;'' Jt.-.Z-'-lUC"Vr.T- )I4r f1 .s 1cz'x C ' cv..' V.i. ""3.. f "-5i-i-i -r tr- z,. - -"t rv-"?.Zrzh?A f-frilDAY, JANUARY , 3.S1S-Jt-X-" -'-THE B(WJjN? NggST PAfelS, KY.- i- i-iA"jwYffTeAxOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSESOGIAL AND PERSONAL.NOTICE-BONDS !Both issues of Liberty Bonds are nowready for delivery.PEOPLES DEPOSIT BANK &TRUST CO.4ec-tf)3)ESrJRABLE HOME TO BE SOLDAt public auction on. Tuesday,January 29, 1918, at 2 p. m. Myresidence of eight rooms, lot 66 2-3214. The most desirable home inParis. Read further particulars onpage 54.. WITHERS DAVIS.r. MASTER'S SALE.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney sold Saturday at public auction, .for MasterCommissioner O. T. Hinton, abouttwenty-eight acres of unimprovedland, known as a portion of theHibler or Dan Stuart lands, nearHutchison, to James McClure, ofParis,' for 140 per acre.Joinings -and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Misses Agnes Turner and RuthPinnell, of Paris, are guests of MissMartha Haggard, in Winchester.Miss Ruth Feld, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. David Feld, of Eari3,has entered Sayre College, at Lexington, as a student for the remainder of the school term.Mr. Harry Hutchcraft, of thePvassenger Department of the Louisville Transfer Company, was hereTuesday to attend the funeral andburial of liis brother, Mr. J. PerryHutchcraft.(Other Personals on Page 3)EXEMPTION BOARD ISSUESWARNING -TO REGISTRANTSm mIMPROVEMENTS.The store room on Main street,recently vacated by the Logan Howard grocery, and adjoining thestore of Price & Co., is being extensively improved. A modern plateglass fronf will replace the presentone. The building will be readyfor occupancy soon.im J9& WOYSTER FAMINE.Local restaurants and .cafes havebeen experiencing considerabletrouble recently in securing an adequate supply of oysters. The oyster beds in Cheasapeake Bay, thechief source of supply for nearly allthe markets West of Baltimore, arsreported frozen up during the worstfreeze in the history of the industry, and only a limited supply hasbeen received anywhere.m m lNOTICf TO WATER CONSUMERS. Water Consumer arewarned to stop letting theirfaucets run to prevent freezing during cold weather.Those violating this rule ofthe Water Company will besubject to fine and have theirwater turned off,, PARIS WATER CO.1 m mCLUB MEETINGS.Meetings of the Paris clubs whichhave been delayed or postponed forvarious reasons, were resumed thisweek, the Progressive Culture Clubholding its sessions Wednesday afternoon at the residence of Mrs.Frank O'Neill, at the corner of Highand Ninth streets. An interestingmusical program, which had been especially arranged for the occasion,was observed, with Mrs. WallaceClark as leader.The Paris Literary Club also resumed its meetings. On Wednesdayafternoon the following programwas presented at the Club rooms at2:30 o'clock: "Canada's Part inThe w;ar," Miss Hutchcraft; "TheMan From Athabasca," Mrs. Allen;Readings from Two War-MadePoets: Rupert Brooks and Alan Seegar, Mrs. Fithian.HI THE SERVICE OF THEIRCOUNTRY.Sergt Rick P. Thomas, of Mt.Sterling, formerly of Paris, has beentransferred from the artillery department at Camp Shelby to the Officers' Training Camp at LeonSprings, Texas, where he will be inline for a commission to higherrank.Private James E. Cain, of Paris,who was recently transferred to theoverseas camp at Camp Tenafly, NewJersey, has been transferred again,and is now a member of the FirstRegiment, American ExpeditionaryForce, at Camp Merritt, New Jersey. Bradley Parker, son of Mr. andMrs. ""Sherman Parker, residingnear Clintonville; has enlisted in thenavy service. Mr. Parker will leavesoon for the detention camp atCamp Decatur, Great Lakes NavalTraining Station, 111., where otherBourbon county bojs are now stationed.Rev. and Mrs. J. D. Redd, of Millersburg, have received a cablegramfrom their son, Corporal HermanRedd, Irom "somewhere in JTr&ncestatin briefly tht he had made theL perilous joceaa jourmey "safely andlriTjiQw Jmk 'tlus ftkti :The Bourbon ""County ExemptionBoard has issued a statement saying that a large number of questionnaires have been improperly filledout and that it is of vital importance that these be corrected and returned at once. The time for making these corrections is limited andthey must be given immediate attention. Any person knowing such shouldhave them appear immediately before the Board, as this -is positivelythe last chance the Board can legally give them to escape punishment as prescribed by law.It is probable that some of thesemen are already in the military service, and the local Board has noknowledge of it. In such a case theBoard will appreciate it if any relative or friend of these men will notify it, as it will help both the Boardand the registrant.The following is an additional listof the registrants whose questionnaires have not been returned. Thissupplements the lists previouslypublished:Braxton Howell,Henry Ross,. Jesse Herman Cooper,Eugene Ball,A. W. Cunningham,John Brown, '"Thomas Liter,Henry Woolf,Charles McDonald, -S. S. Bush,James Andrew Sharp, ".Ernest William Johnson, ?Gilbert Rainey,Lee Roy Harris,Walter T. Green,Porter Jones, '"wEarly Amos Watkins,Jenk .Williams, r xOlliver Clyde Wills, ,. --: -JamesFields, . --Lee Arnett, - 'William Samuel Johnson, "1Joseph Gravit,Homer Gordley,Joe Scott,Horace Redmon,James Martin,Henry Henderson, . " -Henry Harris, - -Chas. Warren Doyle,Will Johnson, rMillard Hjimback,Earl Munfbrd Brown,William Anderson,Arthur Chinn,Jas. Thos Stigall,Chas. Frank White,Pete Smith, - j.James Blackey, 4Robert Green, fWilliam Henry Morton,James Walter Mack,Alfred Cummins,Thomas Jefferson Avery.VERY PEW -ACCIDENTS HEREDURING COLD SPELL.? -"It is a remarkable "fact," said aprominent Paris physician to THENEWS man yesterday, "that therehave been very few accidents inParis during this awful spell of coldweather. One would naturally expect a number of such, in view ofthe icy sidewalks and high-piledsnow, but up to date the physicians-of Paris have not had a half-dozensuch cases to handle. People seemto be taking extreme care to avoidaccidents. I am saying this gladlyand not sadly, please understand."The same pysician, a few moments afterward, speaking of frostbitten fingers and ears, made thisstatement: "It is the best thing inthe world to get to Nature in caseyou get your jears, fingers or feetfrostbitten. Go to a cool room, rubthe afflicted parts with snow or iceand then gradually let the affectedmember or members get warmer."He added that, the snow is to beused after the person -has beentaken into the house, so as to getthe member gradually used to thewarm room. His advice at partingwas "Never go into a heated housewhen frostbitten."FOOD REGULATIONS SOON TOAPPLY TO RICH PEOPLEDrastic food restrictions soon willbe applied to persons of wealth inNew York City and throughout thenation, according to a statementmade in -New York by F. -C. Walcott,personal representative of FoodAdministrator Hoover. "Unless thosewho are blessed with the good.things of life are willing to,, give oftheir "abundance there is 'no "justicein - exictittg eitlier -sacrince or -ser-Tl-frcyM.'jthTffl- hsal.DAT!fJ?Y ANN PENNINGTON'SNARROW ESCAPE.Much of the realist kind of comedy appears in the water scenes ofthe latest Ann Pennington picture,"The Antics of Ann," -which is -tobe shown on Monday at the AlamoTheatre and Paris Grand, whenMiss Pennington as a rather harurnscarum boarding school girl, amazes her friends and relatives by appearing in a daring if somewhatrisque bathing suit. The interestedspectators who flocked after her atthehotel Where the scenes weretaken nearly upset the bathing raftand it was necessary to send the lifeguards to rescue the small star. Also Chester Conklin, one of the funniest screen stars, in a screamincomedy, "An International Sneak."PINAL EXAMINS AT THE PARISHIGH SCHOOL.inFinal examinations have beenprogress this week at the Paris HighSchool. The students were verybusy with paper and pencil in"readin', riten' and 'rithmatic."The second semester of the Pari3High School will begin on Saturday,January 19. The cold weather hashad considerable effect on the attendance near the close of the firstsession of the school, but the pupilsmade a brave effort to keep up therecord the Paris school has obtained for average attendance.The younger pupils of the schoolwere given but one session, not being required to return in the afternoon.THANKS!Our Business for the Year1917 was More ThanDouble that of the Preceding Year.For this we - extend ourthanks to our patrons andwish for them a happy andsuccessful year in 1918 intheir business pursuits.CALLAGAINWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376?SzS&z -KodaktheSnow ScenesSnap-shots of sleighing parties,the kids rolling snow balls, areeasily made on any sunny day;make excellent souvenirs for the1 'boys over there. ' 'Mounted in one of theKodak Caleudars for afew cents are beautifuland useful the yeait round.DAUGHERTYBROS.Fifth and Main Paris, Ky.jrL'i .mmmfMJjMiUMLmj9ffqSIMON'S JANUARYGLEARANCE SALENow Going On!Radical Reductions in All Departments !Suits and Coats at HalfPrice$20.0(values now $1 O.OO$25.00 values now 1 2.50$35.00 values now 1 5.00$35.00 values now 1 7.50$45.00 values now 22.50$50.00 values now. . : -s . . . 25.00Women's Silk and SergeDresses at Half Price$20.00 values now$15.00 values now.$30.00 values now.$35.00 values now.$45.00 values now.$50.00 values now.$10.00. 1 2.501 5,00. 1 7.50, 22.50. 25.00White GoodsLong Cloth in 10-yard Bolts Regular, $2.00 values, now $ 1 .59 per boltLong Cloth in 10-yard bolts, regular $2.50 values, now $ 1 ,98 per boltAll Other White Goods at Extremely Low Prices.Complete Clearance ofBeautiful MillineryAT LESS THAN HALF$5.0CLHats now $2.507.50 Hats now '. 3,75$10.00 Hats now .". . 5.00$15.00 Hats now 7,50Prices on Furs Are Cutin Half1S5.00 values now .T$ .2.50$10.00 values now 5.00$15.00 values noTv. .-. " 7.50$20.00 values now 1 0.OO$25.00 values now 12.50$80.00 values now . 1 5.00THIS SALE IS STRICTLY FOR CASHNo Goods Charged No Telephone OrdersHARRY SIMONSEE OURM-.SOUTH WINDOWr-jFOR SOMEBig-Si- - 'JanuaryBargains !-.- t"THE J.T HINTON COMOTOR HEARSE5vk5-.VCltWfciWHOrC?33SMOTOH INVALID COACH-...-; . ' atjC - ' 'ifrUNDERTAKING I.ir- a- - ; v-; SIXTH AND MAiN ST9U? -e-j --s: -j-- ---f- -ft j - ". "" - ..-. - '"twmmmmimmmmmmmmmmmmmVV--?Kra ,Hs 'J-'i.&!Nm-fe--'r -r4Mi-. jsr$.. -4m:-X-.- - -- --'- h- - T,- -H " --. "W"" "' ,i -..- C.TFsvC.aX'. vx:-THE BOURBON NEWS, PAR1S,-1C ; ,a$tFriday; -jantjxetVs.J- J 3&'.'-S3 v-'i'.o- IT-?-vJ r -vit-7-yI .V&fikvKE?&A?t , '-I "S- 3pSr-'wGr$at Airships Supplement Work of -Patrol Boats Along. British Coasts. mcmifcgg-"r. : -, " " v n v- .V. f . "- 'j XV'N" A Avw . v wsaawv. " A. . . . T-- " - "Tw. -- IJOOWWQ. ,. r - - V --. "Tv tAside frcn; the constant -patrol of the English coasts by boats, airships arc-now hdns vised in the eastern precincts of the British Isles to watch out fortpboatt and enemy aircraft. Heie are two of them starting- out for a day's'ryjgI m ,c air .TIlese airships are equipped witli. signalling jr.paiatus so thatrromo arJous points along the shore they can pass the word quickly if citherunder-sea craft or aeroplane? are insight. They are in operation dayVsd night,x moving up and down the coast sometimes venturing oerthe North ca ofthe British Channel. The ii'?hips lesemble the Zeppelins nt a distance but artnot of rigid constriction. Ihey Lave z reat speed and cat: rcni5:: ;k theair for hours. t ' ,AEREST CHANGES SENTIMENTS :C0UlfT iTFTPAINSOP ANTI-AMERICAN.JAND NEURALGIA GONE"S vFrom a boastful pro-German to a; Instant Relie! Rub This Nerve Tor-loyal American citizen is the change!Brandon, Courtland,on a charge of violating theture and Misery Right 0u WithYSt. Jacob's Liniment."Rub this soothing, penetratingI liTiimont TierTif inr i-'ha crro inflom.HUiuiuu. i.qu.u '" " U"if lUUHrlU.that has taken place since November 3 in J. H.0"Kased by Federal agents -at Concordia,Kac, on a charge of violating the ed nerves, and like magic neuralespionage act. Brandon asked Fred &ia disappears. "St. Jacob's LiniRobertson, district attorney on thement" conquers pain. JtJs a harnuKansag side, to dismiss the charge.Brandon admits saying:"I am a German spy and theKaiser's right hand man in thissection. -You damned Americanshave to be drafted. If Uncle Samh&d to depend on volunteers hewbuldn'Lget enough for a firingsquad."I'll bet the Kaiser is the nextpresident of the United States."Brandon, out on $2,500 bond, toldMr. Robertson some persons atConcordia had been tormenting himand he spoke in the heat of argument. 5-Mr. Robertson refused to dismissthe charge.TAILORS MAKE SPECIAL POCKETS EOR PENNIES.ENGLISH AIR-MEN RAID KARLSRUHE.LONDON, Jan. 17. A successful-daylight air raid has been made onKarlsruhe, according to a Britishofficial communieation issued Mon-- day night. -The text of the statement ays:"To-day our squadrons carriedout a .most successful raid into Germany in broad daylight, their objectives being the railway station andjmunitions factories at Karlsruhe.One and a quarter tons of bombs"were dropped with excellent results."Bursts -were observed on. buildings and sidings of the main railway, junction In the center of thetown, on railway workshops and asmaller junction in the town."Observers reported a large firewas started in factories along therailways, which was confirmed byphotographs taken after the raid."The anti-aircraft fire was veryheavy and accurate over the objectives and several hostile machines.attacked on formation without success.-All our airplanes reachedtheir objectives and returned safely."Bomhlns nd attacks with malilne fire from low altitudes werecarried .out incessantly Sunday.More than 400 bombs were droppedon a large ammunition dump nearRoulers and on hostile billets, hutments and railway junctions.""A party of the enemy engagedin extinguishing a large fire attacked by machine gun fire was scatteredand the fire "was left to run at will."In comhats seven hostile machines were driven down out of contiol. Another was forced to land intact behind our lines by ani-air-craftfire; the pilot was captured.Three of our machines are missing."During Sunday night our nightflying machines dropped bombs onRoulers and Menin. All returnedsafely."THE GIST OF IT."Last December I had a very severe cold and was nearly down sickin bed. I bought two bottles ofChamberlain's Cough Remedy and itwas only a veryfew days until Iwasrestored to health," writes O. J.Metcalf, Weatherby, Mof If youwould know the value of this "rem-eay, asis. uuy uuu wuv uas useu iuaObtainable everywhere.(adv-jan)Your" Uncle Sam is taking a pennyhere, and a penny there, in war taxon most everything. The tax, apenny, is insignificant in individualcases, but the grand total of therevenue runs up in the millions.On the Pacific coast and in Alaska, where the "penny was spurned atoo insignificant, they are findingwide use for the little copper coins.As a, result of the national demand tailors and cutters for the bigready-to-wear firms are planning anew wrinkle to help popularizetheir clothes. It is a .penny pockptsimilar to, and to tafte the place ofcar-ticket pocket, that has falleninto neglect and disuse.less "neuralgia relief" which doesn'tburn or disorder the skin.Don'.t suffer! It's so needless.Get a mall trial bottle from anydrug store and gently rub the "aching nerves" and in just a momentyou will be absolutely free frompain and suffering.No difference whether your pain,or neuralgia Is in the face, head or"any part of the body, you get instant relief with this old-time, honest painjure.destroyer it cannot m-(adv)1QMAMERICAN DIMES AND NICKELSCURRENT IN FRANCE. -The little old thin dime has takenits place in France. Likewise thenickel, but the carfare coin hasn'tthe ready circulation of the dime.In the American area Sammy insisted that his dime was worth halfa franc and the French people nowaccept itr-along with the French,British, Belgian, Italian and Swisscoinage. Actually tue dime is wormjust a little more than the French50 centime piece, and it looks about"VfTiA Rnmp 'Rnt'h nrp worth sHerht.lvless than the English pence, which'gest by occasionally as a half franc121 E3 151.9, .' r -- ' , , , J . ' 14WomertMau Larners tor, WashingtonImagine the surprise to staid Washingtonhei the diplomatic quarter'.1QWOMEN OP SEDENTERY EABITS-IWomen who get little exercise arelikely to be troubled with constipation and indigestion and till findChamberlain's Tablets highly beneficial. Not so good as a three or fourmile walk every day, but very muchbetter than to allow the bowels toremain in a constipated condition.They are easy and pleasant to takeand most agreeable in effect. Obtainable everywhere.(adv-jan), Certain member of Congress aremodestly admitting that the President could have stronger men in hisCabinet.A few years ago a dry measureI was almost without sponsors in. theINDEPENDENTTobacco Warehouse Company(Incorporated)PARIS, KENTUCKYvA,. ' -.V i " -.. A -'' FNEXT SALETorday.Jan. 18thsThe Independent Tobacco Warehouse Co.SAYSOUR ARMY IS CLEANESTIN EUROPE.That the United States army isthe cleanest now in Europe was theriwuuc .cuciiuy 10 me Minn viustJe oi the letter earner and iound the mornCing s mail had been delivered by a vomar. The realiration must have carriecfwith it a deeper appreciation of what war is meamV to the- Tlnhcd ;-,,- . ;,---3 -- .--- ..... w.'w.Cespecially to the National Capitalihe-District of Columbia, with tMere are two oT the fir-t '''mail women" oftheir bundles -of letters readv to ";prw ihdr. .outei. inev are Air.-;. Nellie aL McHrath-and Mrs. Permelia Campbell. -w-trying.it out.Secretary McAdoo reports the reassurance given American parents ceiPt ot $108 in currency offered asby Dr. W. T. Foster, president ofReed College, ' Portland, Ore., whovisited the entire Prench front asthe representative of the War Council of the Red Cross, in an addressdelivered in Chicago."I visited every camp in Francewhere American soldiers are quartered," said Dr. Foster, "and Inevdr saw any drunkenness. The trying outmorals of the American soldiers are money with?ppd,too.rzimmKentucky Legislature, and now thereis a rush to bejat the other fellowto it.a conscience remittance by a manwho wrote that he had at some previous time defrauded the 'Government. Examination of the moneydiscovered the, fact that it was counterfeit. It is probable that "the man withcounterfeit conscience" as he is called in Washington dispatches, wasa little counterfeitthe intention of usinshis brand in case of its not beingrecognized as counterfeit by the examinerstjai, the United States Treasury. It didn't stand the test. Nodoubt he will hesitate to Aise it inthe light of the discovery.McADOO ASKS RAILROAD WORK-,ERS TO DO SHARE.3Director General McAdoo" addressed an appeal to railroad officers andemployes to do their utmost to maintain the nation's railroad service asa patrioic duty, saying "every offi- -cer and employe is just as important -afactor in winning the war as themen in uniform who are fighting inthe trenches." " --He promised to consider laboV'problems "justly and fairly and a'.the earliest possible moment." Xm m 1 rWhen Cupid marshals his forceshe makes a better Court-martial-5,than a Field Marshal.mmm.Jt isn't every fellow who' blow.sv'his own horn that can qualify as anarmy bugler.SMMMflMflMflThe Bourbon,Tobacco Warehouse Go.(Incorporated)yIttJHHafs - PSoLeads in Averages Obtained!--5 v-" 'IJXTotal Sales to Date 629,500 PoundsFor . . . ... $183,01647. $29.07uptraxr,Ho60.PHifoa-AverageXlCNext Sale at Bourbon HouseTWM, JANUARY 18'rsAT9 A. IVf.XsBoa r bon Tobacco Ware bo ueCo- : , ' (IiodrKrttcd.) , v -p?rfflrKIs1(Luomiatoi.),J.Afr.PARISH IKENTUCKYJ. T. COLLINS; Manager.:?':',4s.rr 3s.,. r -.?&tnmk.'I. .ArS JT , teA .. -Ij ,FRIDAY." JANUARY 18, 11SHE BOURBON NBW& FABIS XT.'Jr-lr3&Fortion, free the overloaded stomach,overcome the cold, remove the catarrhal conditions and rebuild the strength. -Peruna Is A Reliable Family RemedyIt has proved that in innumerablehouseholds from Maine to California, and in "foreign countries. Itis the chief reliance in the American home for all catarrhal troubleand v.rherever a tonic is needed, in convalescence and as a preventive.In tablet form it is ever -ready-to-J take, a real life insurance. If youhaven t used iz in uus iurm,- jjcltoday. ,T&E PERUNA COMPANYColumbia, Okieuua"AMERICAN ARMY NOW ONE OPWORLD'S GREATESTThe American army which is to besent into the battle to make theworld safe for democracy is rapidlybeing formed. In the nine monthssince the United States declared thata state of war existed with Germany, the army has risen from 212,-0S4 officers and men to 1,538,506officers and men. This statement hasbeen pade by Secretary of WarBaker, who declared that no otherarmy in the history of the world hadever been raised, equipped or trained so quickly. The Secretary addedthat a "substantial" force of Americans already was in France and fitfor active service, and that fullequipment is on hand for every manwho will be sent to Europe during1918.fcs feCONSTIPATION AND INDIGESTION"I have used Chamberlain's Tablets and must say they are the bestI have ever used for constipationand indigestion. My wife also usedthem, for indigestion and they didTier good," writes Eugene S. Knight,Wilmington, N. C. Obtainable everywhere. ""(adv-jan). . ... i .mi 8 KT VY-,&M.W-. vi.l-AftSAZfNSLYY BOUSSOS POULT-" c ZSiZDIA-iowaropifiinurin-nig'. -iteri zeeps ssls Jiuiy ad usahest makes 12?. Inn- of rr...-u?,..!. .&. :r :,'"" "- vws. -11. orueei?iH or " x -..? Wall nnst- ''- XittW. Poultry Loo!r tree en xcujct.25 clZZZ's 62., Ls&gfcn. If,(till feb. 1)UVXrZ. TS&J ronp, eeds. 8sre-bd r.i.d cliff f3MW3&5SSg3S3&& N. TIME TABLEEffective, Sunday, June 17. 1917, 12:01 a. m.TRAINSFROMJib.3425II114012:SSAtlanta, daily .";.-Cynthianaj daily except SundayRowland, daily exeeDt SundayMaysville daily except SundayLexington daily except Sunday.umemnati, O., dailyLexington, dailyunicago, daily18Lexington Daily Except Spnday.9138381939143253913031Maysville, Dally Except Sunday 3:00 pmLexington, Daily ; 3:07 pmKnoxville, Tenn., Daily '. 3:15 pmMaysville, Dally 5:40 pmCincinnati, Daily Except Sunday.. ., 5:50 pmLexington, Daily Except Sunday.....' 6:18 pmJacksonville. Fla., Daily fc33 pmCinclnnatCSunday only .' 9:30 pmLexington Dally ' 10:23 p irCincinnati, O., Dally 10:38 pmTRAINS FOR - LEAVENo. 4 '34 Cincinnati, waily 5:30 am40 Cincinnati, daily except Sunday 7:45 amU Lexington, dally except Sunday .".7:47 am .10 Maysville, daily except Sunday 7:45 am '13 Lexington, dally txcept Sunday 10:25 6m37 Knoxville. dally 10:30 Jim33 Jacksonville, daily 10:20 am18 Maysville, Sunday 'only 12:04 pm129 Lexington, daily except Sunday.' 3:25 pm38 Cincinnati, dally .... 3:20' pm39 Lexington, daily except Sunday 5:57 pm9 Rowland. Dally except Sunday .6:00 pm14 Maysville, daily except Sunday .-." .6:33 pm -19 Lexington, Dally ; . ..... .6:35 p m32 Chicago, dally "". .-r". 6:38 pm30 Cynthiana. daily except Sunday 6:48 pm131 Lexington, Dally 10:45 pm31 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10:46 pin. yFcfcO. TTVTTTg-T K PIT ,TCv,'0.2 Frankfort, Ky.,4 Frankfort. Ky.,TRAINS ARRIVfc FROM -Daily Ex. Sunday . ; ,7:38 a.Daily Ex. Sunday i".......... 5:J50 p.TRAINS DE.PART FORFrankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday ; .;:....:. -8:25 a.Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday... ,x. .".-- ..... 6:25 p.lime- v.fblftMilder Illsi' when the food disagrees, the playhas been too strenuous, or the dreadedcolds are taking hold the housewifeof experience has a tried remedy athand. It has proved her helper formany years, and she knows its value.Peruna Tablets Are AQuick AidThey regulate the disturbed digesiiV.Bktt'HryWNEWSPAPER CENSORSHIPHEWS IS LESSENED..ONRevised regulations or requests toguide .the American press in the voluntary censorship observed sincethe country went to war was featured by the Committee of Public Information, aiid became effective January 1. Several important changeshare been made, representing thelessons learned7 by the committee andthe army and navy officers'- sincethe firet regulations were issuedlast June.Three of the original requests towhich. -special importance was attached, and under which loyalnewspapers have gone to press without many an interesting piece ofnews have been withdrawn entirely.They are the request that nothingbe published pending to disclose the' names of line officers or individualunits of the expeditionary forces,tending to disclose the identity ofAmerican merchant ships and theircrews defending themselves againstsubmarines or giving informationreferring to drydock and repair andconstruction work.Unofficially it is explained thatthe prohibition is withdrawn largely because of the difficulty in having them universally observed andi in the belief that such information! would be obtained by the enemyregardless of whether it appeared inthe American newspapers. Otherchanges are made and there aresome additions, but most of themare of minor character. .fri ) iRagged clothes do not cut any figure in a fight, says a captured Aus-j trian officer, but ragged clothes are5 frequently the sign of a mix-up..ARRIVAL.-.... 6: 25 am.....7:35 am.......7:36 am7:38 am........ - , , ...7:40 am J10:03 am10:02 am.10:15 am12:00 ma- jl - . IMfllllll . . .-j- ....' mMf..1SAVEDAmerican Consumer Profited by$1 80,000,000 Fcen5h-Situ-ation Helped.HOME PRICE HELD AT 9 CENTS.Thli Nation's Sugar Supply Reducedto Seventy Per Cent, of Normal.Java Stocks Unavailable.Sugar control has saved the American public $180,000,000, Herbert Hoover, United States food administrator-,,declared the other day.He -pointed out that sugar was. selling for 11 cents a pound last Augustand that it would have advanced to. 20cents a poundr with the World shortage as a, stimulus, had not the foodadministration secured the co-operationof the refiners and wholesalers,and fixed a sugar price that today enables housewives to buy sugar at from84 to 9 cents a pound. y"Every 1 cent raise in sugar fromSeptember lsto January 1 means $18,000,000 to the American consumer,"Mr. Hoover said. -".Numbers of gentlemen will tell you that 20 cent sugarwould have prevailed and the publicrobbed of $180,000,000 this year if wehad not taken these actions." LaterMr. Hoover called attention to the factthat uncontrolled sugar advanced to35 cents a pound during the Civil War.Prance Got Our Sugar.Today the American public has beenallotted 70 per cent, of its normal supply. Before the war the average annual household consumption here was55 pounds aperson. In England theannual consumption during the war is24 pounds, and In France each personis allotted a little over one pound amonth."In August the French governmentfound itself unable to maintain evenH3ration," Mr. Hoover declared.An appeal was. made to America.France needed 100,000 tons. Weagreed to fill this demand and up to,December had shipped 85,426 tons. Inthe meantime an appeal was made tothe American public to reduce.. ite sugar consumption, and requests were"made to distributors to supply theconfectionary and sweet -drinks tradewith 50 per cent, of normal supply.This has been generally followed, although such regulations were voluntary, as the food administration hadno authority to impose them."Domestic Price is Qz to 9 Cents.Retail grocers throughout the country are supposed to take a profit of nomore than 50 cents a hundred half acent a pound on sugar. By reason offood administration regulations, bihd-ing refiners and wholesalers, the retailer is able today to buy sugar ati from8 to 8 caits a pound. Tjiisenables him to sell to the housewife at8 to 9 cents a pound.There have been some violations ofthe sugar rulings. Mr. Hoover saidrecently: "Sales of sugar from 16 to20 cents per pound have been, reportedand followed up vigorously and stopped and is evidence Itself of the pricesat which consumers would have-beenmulct had we not Intervened. We haveforfeited wholesalers' licenses In aggravated caaes, and we have Issuedwarnings to first offenders In a greatmany Instances through our local administrators." Effect on Military Situation.American sugar stocks could be filled to normal very soon If ships couldbe sent to Java, where 250,000 tons ofsugar is waiting for shipment. Buttle shipping situation is so acute thatthe nation cannot spare the elevenships needed to transport this sugar.It would take the boats one year tohaul 250,000 tons. In the same timethey could be used for transporting200,000 soldiers to France.The food administration believesthat the American public will diminishIts sugar consumption by 10 or 15 percent, when it is made clear that suchsugar saving is a patriotic act andwhen it is understood that there-areplenty of sweeteners available to takethe place of sugar, such as honey orcorn iyrup.Why Shortage Exists.The three great-sugar producing centers of the world are Germany, theWest and East Indies. German sugarIs, of course, used at home. The EastIndian sugar is unavailable because ofthe ship shortage.While U boats made big inroads onthe world's shipping, France and Italyceased to be self sustaining In sugarmanufacture. England In the meantime was cut off from German sugarL400.000 tons a year because of thewar. The result has been that the allied "nations have been forced to turnto America and the West Indies fortheir sugar.EVADE RIGID FOOD CONTROL.Food Js Bought In Germany Surreptitiously In Violation of Autovcratlc Rulings.Even the autocratic food control ofGermany has been powerless to prevent surreptitious sales, according tosemi-official reports reaching the United States food administration. Illegalsales of butter are being made in Germany at prices ranging from $1.75 to$2.25 a .pouHd. Eggs sold contrary tothe' German food regulations arebringing 10 to 15 cents apieoe,-accordIng to these reports. And bacon orham is bringing from $2,25 to $3.25 apqunoVSUGARCONTROLMILLIONS- j i i - - i -"CASCAEETSlIQXfA 'ri: ": coed; BAD BREATH '"' (ffi SICK HEADACHE-V-' -' v "Best For Eiver and Bowels, for-Bil"ibusness, Sour Stomach andConstipation.Get a 10-cent box now.'Furred Tongue, Bad Colds, Indigestion, Sallow Skin and MiserableHeadaches come from a . torpid liverand clogged bowels, which causeyour stomach to become filled withundigested food, which sours andferments like garbage in a swill harrel. That's the first step to untoldJnisery indigestion, foul gases, badbreath, yellow skin, mental fears,everything that is horrible and nauseating. A, Cascaret to-night willgive your constipated bowels a thorough cleansing and straighten youout by morning. They work whileyon sleep a 10-cent box from yourdruggist will keep you feeling goodfor (months. Millions of men andwomen take a Cascaret now andthen to keep their stomach, liver andbowels regulated, and never know amiserable moment. DonVt forgetthe children their little insidesneed a good, gentle cleansing, too.(adgr).SHORTAGE OF SHIP DRAFTSMENThere are not enough ship: draftsmen in -the United States to do thedrafting work needed to. carry outnaval and, merchant ship-buildingprograms.' Our country is engagedin the execution of the greatestKwarshin construction nlan in his-- t'ory, comprising 787 vessels, including all types from superdreadnaughts to submarine "chasers. Naval appropriations aggregatingnearly two billions of dollars havebeen made since August, 1916.Coincident with the demand forincreased naval work ,there is anequally urgent call for an increaseof merchant ship construction. It isbetraying no secret to say tnat inboth branches there is a shortage oftechnical men available for thework.The United States Civil ServiceCommission is endeavoring to relieve the dearth of ship draftsmenby recommending to the heads ofcolleges and technical schools thatsenior students in engineeringcourses be given intense training innaval architecture during the com-,ing spring, with a view to .makingthem available for employment asship draftsmen in June. The Commission is valso receiving applications from qualified architectural,ijttfichanical, and structural- steeldraftsmen, and is certifying themfor employment in the Navy Department and in navy yards on shipwork.Local boards of civil service examiners at the postofiices in all ofthe larger cities are furnishing detailed information and applicationroom for a written examination, butare rated upon their education,training and experience.COMMITTEE ASSIGNMENTS.In the assignments of committeesmade by Speaker Robert T. Crove,in the Legislature, RepresentativeClaude M. Thomas, of -Bourbon.county, was given assignment on thefollowing: Banks and Banking;Criminal Law; Pish and Game; Judiciary Agriculture (chairman.)JOHN WHITE & 00.LOUISVILLE, KY.Liberal assortmentand full value paidrawFOBSHides andGstkinsm53" - ",wv&v.?m:3-vVTwin Bros.619 Main Street, Paris, Ky.mm&sm iWttbSm tt a ft ! iaaahCirce tingsNO WIS THElTiHEfTO FIGURE ON hSpringANDPapering-CALL US OVERHome Phone 399S"KANEThe Right NumberWhen you go out to make a call in personyou always -assureyourself of the right address. .In making a telephone call it saves a lot of time andbother to be sure of the number.The absolutely sure-way is to first consult the tele-,phone directory not trusting to memory and thenlisten carefully when the operator repeats back to. youthe number, correcting her if she is wrong.Paris Home Telephone 5 Telegraph Go.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, NDistrict Manager.iFUNERAL DIRECTORs" Motor EquipmentBOTH PKONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.The Bourbon LaundryDWK & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. " West 5 Street-& uiui ' i" m'!mmm2W0&&Bourbon Laundry.Paris Kentucky.To Our FriendsWe desire to extend to you the compliments of the season, and express oursincere wishes for your prosperity for thecoming year, with a continuance of thecordial relations existing between us.Clothing and Shoe Dept.Wt Give and Redeem Blue TratUnf Stamp iPainting-WBROS.W. H. CA1TN0H,Local Manager.w. 6a VisK"HttrSatkaction is Our-W-UchwordWith all the latest im-'. provements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we are preparedto do work inferior tonone, ana solicit yourpatronage'.1918I,tmft --"Si:, tif-"m'"4tA..irjfitfsa.-,THS BOURBON NBW3, P ABIS, KT.H)AY, XAOTABT J$f 1IU,-2-1-J--''. tC--tt.v&&mesaemmmmme--;-tv - ? .'ii. ".'-.-;7rjfI . - ii Hint'" '- - - ' -- - . rv c .-,.,-a-.-.- lT- -vlk'.-'A..IWy - h - -iac .3r :-THEPARISGRANDANDALAMOk -:r HIKslHl ' -.-r Attractions98Kferr - ?MdWb...,-'-1fiS. '-t"SL' : - tJ - -;-S?r''- .i- iC. .--fc- ' r.j.w-4JV.- - -: r" -"- v-rJmv- "- . . -The J. T. Hinton Co,UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMERSParis Ky.IVfainand SixthStreetsDay phone 36.INisht s . . 56or Home 286Mtor equipment.--;:-f---i --"-r;Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.Friday, January 18thLADtSvTAKE ADVATAGE OFTHIS DAYEvery Friday afternoon and eveningtwo ladies will be admitted for one admission, plus the war tax.WM. S. HART Jin two-reel Wester Drama"DOUBLE CROSSED"LOUISE GLAUMin five-reel Kay-Bee Triangle Feature"IDOLATORS"Also Triangle Comedy, "His FoofhillFolly," and Animated Weekly News.Saturday, January 19tht .Greater Vitagraph Blue Ribbon Feature.Albert E. Smith PresentsMARY ANDERSONarid Alfred WhitmanIN " '-"When Men Are TemnWd"from the famous nove), "John Burt"I WHlffan tt T?MJ:7 TT1 a t '"liu ji'uericK upnam Aaams.Also LAWRENCE SEMON in Biff VeeComedy, "SPOOKS AND SPASMS."Prices!At the Alamo-Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 13c-war tax 2c.At the Paris Grand-Children 5c-war tax lc; Adult 13c -war tax 2cColored persons, Children 5c-war tax lc; Adults 10c- war taxlc!Monday, January 21stAdolph Zutor presentsANN PENNINGTONin the Paramount Feature"The Antics of. Ann?By Frederick Chapin.Aisathe Paramount Mack SenHetr-jComedy,"An international Sneak"Featuring Funny Chester Conklin.ORCHESTRAAlamoParis Grand2 to SOO..7 to 10:30ISvt'-SHatSuMBaiSBaBBBBBBII Goodwin vere guests of Mrs. Orie(Lebus ai-a wedding supper, leavingr later for Daytona Beach. Florida.wherfr they will spendder of the winter.the remain-aaif ififtg:TlT;r"f"Tlf,il,iliTiTlT t T r-H-filiTiiT,T"H"H'Tf tl I H"j"r4"ji'I"t"ITL JUILLERSBURG- Mrs. G. W. Clifford, who hasv-?bcen very ill at her residence in this55- ;eity, snows very little improvement.4 ". ?Ir. L. T. Vimont has returned"to his lioxne in Newport, after a visitto His mother and sister, in this-city. .-"Mrs. S.- M. Allen left Wednesday for a visit to her parents, Mr.,hd Mrs. Ephi-aan Wood, at Stanford. She will return Monday.Mr. and Mrs. T. D. Judy haveTeturned from a month's visit to'wstheir daughters, .Mrs. K. D. Vaughtand Mrs. A. N. Vaught, in Indianap-. :olisliss Lucy Jones left Wednesday for Lancaster, South Carolina,where she will take up her duties asinstructor in voice at- the College' for Young Women. Her sister, Miss-f-Alma Duke Jones, also of Millers'tmrg, is instructor in piano at thecame educational institution.- NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.Commencing January 1, we hava es--.tablished a thirty-days' system. All; Accounts will e due the first of eachiironth. This has been brought!'about by war conditions. Owing tothe short market we cannot sell.. goods' onHong time1 MATRIMONIAL.'REES TUGGLE.Mr. Lane Tuggle, of Maysville,and Miss Jennie Reese, of Helena,were married in Paris last Saturday,returning to Maysville that night.The groom is a clerk in the Louisville & Nashville office, at Maysville. His bride is a daughter ofMr. and Mrs. Bell Reese, of Helena.YATES MARTIN.Miss Ava Yates and Frank Martin, both of Nicholas county, elopedTuesday from Carlisle to Jeffersonville, Ind., where they were married. The bride was a teacher at theCrayton School, in Nicholas county,and the groom was one of her pupils. Martin is about seventeen,while the bride is twenty-four.TAYLOR ROWLAND.The marriage of Miss Marguerite Taylor to Mr. Clyde RowlandX rUSting tnatlrrrQC mn'otlw cntamninail n fVn linmnwt: xiitiv n.xxu ii.ii uui urn cuamiiieia.- and make as many new one3 as posslble, wo"-are yours for a prosperous- 1918.(18-2t) . JONES-BROS... At a pieeting of the Red Cross"Society held last veek Rev. A. S.". nable, pastor of the Presbyteriancnurch, was elected to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of.Eld. C. 0. Cossaboom. Eld. Cossa-- boom's resignation was made be' cause of his Tesgning the pastoratedtthe Christian church at this placeand removal elsewhere. The mem-- hers t)f the Society regret that Eld.y ;Cpssabooni could not continue to acts president, as he had been one of-" the most tireless workers and onev-j --KDfithe best helpers In the cause.. At the regular meeting of Am-ifrv TdA "No. 40. P. & A. M.. held.- ,"in the lodge rooms Tusday evening,Mr. Lee Clarke was given tne Fel-Jowcraft Degree. The work wasput. cn by Mr. O. R. Rankin, Worshipful5x Master DI "E. Clarke appointed ther "-following standing committees for1318: Trastees W A. Butler, J.v MX Burroughs and E. T. Sheeier; Pi: nanceO. R." Rankin, O. E. HurstjtiA Dr. J.v D. Colhoun; F. & R.ORl"Mr-CaldeliE. "P. Thomason andTlr. C. B. Smith; Stewards V. L.Barton and? Earl Plummer.k:i-rr""-- 2Tof the officiating minister, Rev. Father BjeBruyn, in Paris, Tuesday afternoon. r The only attendants wereMiss Sallie Rowland, sister of thegroom, Mr. L. C. Taylor, brother ofthe bride, -and Miss Margaret Slattery, of Lexington. Mr. and Mrs.Rowland left after the ceremonyfor Cincinnati, and upon, their return will begin housekeeping onHigh Street.CLARY GOODWIN.Mrs. Cora Robertson Clary andMr. Wm. M. Goodwin, both of Cynthiana, were married Tuesdaymorning in that city at the residence of the officiating minister,Rev. J. P. Strother, pastor of theCynthiana Methodist church. Theonly witnesses were Mrs. Strotherand daughter. The bride was thwidow of the late Mr. Foster Claryfor several years L. & n. agent atCarlisle, and later in the same capacity in Cynthiana.. Both are wellknown in Paris.After the ceremony, Mr. and Mrs.RELIGIOUS. .tThe Ladies' Missionary Societyof the Presbyterian church willmeet at 2:30 p. m. next Monday'atthe home of Mrs. Wm. G. McClintock on Pleasant street.The Pastor's Aid Society of thePresbyterian church will hold theirregular meeting at the Red Crosssewing room on next Tuesday afternoon, January 22. All the members are earnestly lexniested to attend. Rev. E. B. Bourland, pastor ofthe. Carlisle Christian Church, hasaccepted a call -recently extendedhim by the Harrodsburg Christianchurch. Rev. Bourland' will remainwith the Carlisle church untilMarch 1.The following officers wereelected at a recent meeting" of theJunior Missionary Society of thePresbyterian church, held at thehome of Mrs. Harry B. Clay, onDuncan avenue: President MissMarjorie Trisler; vice-presidentMiss Rachel McClintock; secretaryMiss Rebecca Collier; treasurer -MissNell Clay. The jnembers ofthe Society spent the afternoon making baby squares for the Red Cross."!Mrs. Clay served refreshments con-sisting of oranges, bananas and !candies."In the Trenches and Over theTop," will be the general theme tobe discussed at the Epworth League,Sunday night, at the Methodistchurch at 6 o'clock. This specialservice was to have "been held lastSunday, but on account of the inclement weather was postponed.Dennis Snapp will be the leader,The public is invited.MARGOLEN'SlFreshFishOf All KindsDressed to OrderFree of Charge !N.MARGOLIN'SSanitary Meal MarketQUALITY, OR PRICE?While many flrms guarantee their goods to be "as rtoresented," ours are guaranteed to GIVE SATISFACTIONQuite a difference when you come to think it over.fco .Cel0WestIlc?,d.g00dsandthe inferior goods maybe as represented, "but the quality is not there. They? Si!?nPriCe and c.heaP in Quality, for one cannotget something for nothing.The seasonable goods offered below arethe highest quality at the right price.Brooks' Cold Tablets .... 25c per boxContains no harmful drugs. A simple but effective remedy. Penslar Wb ite Pine and Spruce Balsam25c a d 50c per bottleAn effectire cough remedy.HazolaTtilef Cream . . . 25c per bottleIs a superior Toilet Article for chapped face hands' andlips.Now is the time to buy that Ht Water Bottle. Oursare guaranteed and they will afford you a lot of "comfortm this cold weather. Price 51.25 to $1.50. coraiorAsk your doctor, about our prescriptionsHe knows they are the best in town - .BROOKS & SNAPP DRUG CO.-U Wished 187 ""Si ) gtr-fe isa e&.EEPEESE2TTATIVE IHOH B0TJE-S0N THANKS SPEAKERCS0WE.;$: 1WtiTlfllv, jv f aw mmuA nm m Jtf ifll m m fn. f ,.-,3-i-vV'More Money From the Same Feed- Skat's the experience of every farmer who uses AvalonFarms Hog-lone "Tone" a hog and he thrives 'better.He assimilates a.bigger percentage of his food. He is nottoldbadujn-hisrowthby the dozens of parasites anddisorders that are an ever nrpRPnt nioQ u: .LRead this letter about getting more value from the sameaeea.;THE AVALON-.FARMS COMPANY, 7 ...... :..;:iimcago, ill.m 5 v!ge ? r, inquiry of my succes in-feeding Hoff--Tama nnil son 4iv-"0' Kna Knn li-l- C9-a.viic. v.. Bay mi, t iio tosh wiLa gooa success. 1 woulda , ; , ",u tvcu a 'i5 W111 Keep..his nogs in good condition and I have found no better con- maitioner man .vaion rarms nog-Tone.JOHN W. GANDY, Albion, Ind.bit's only plain business sense treat every herd of ho-you raise witnAVALON FARMS HOG-TONEFor Sale By,jwAiN;straETDRUO COMPANYA resolution offered by Representative R. T. Smith, in the LowerHouse at Frankfort, Wednsday,thanking Speaker Crowe for thegenerous manner in which hehad given the minority membersiassignments furnished an occasionfor Representative Claude M.Thomas, of Bourbon, :who opposed-Crowe for Speaker, to thank Speaker Crowe in behalf of the memberswho had supported iim for theircommittee assignments.Speaker Crowe responded by stating that he would endeavor to rulewith utmost fairness and impartiality and at the suggestion of Representative Wageroher. Represent at ivThomas was calfed to the chair toput the .motion on the resolutionwhich was unaniomusly adopted bya rising vote." 1 m -STATE AGEUTS -TO MAKE AGRICULTUEAL SUE VEY.Great BargainIn High Grades, Women's ancf Childr01 sDon't Miss the Opportunity!Greater Values Bigger RedctioiisA complete agricultural survey ofthe State in connection with thegovernment extension survey will bemade by tha county school superintendents and -the county agricultural agents. The county schoolsuperintendents are working underthe supervision of- V. O. Gilbert,Superintendent of Public Instruc'tion. Work ori the survey will bostarted January 25 and the count.?,superintendents and county -"agentshope to have the survey completedby January 28rfe &B imKerensky is planning to "comeback" declares a relative, but heroeswho come back after going back arefew and far between. -The following are but afew of the special feargains that await you hereLadies' Havana fcQ OCBrown Boots $J. "5Ladies' Gun Metal fro AtShoes -.,.$2.49Ladies' Patent or Gun i ggfMetal S&oes $1.SJMen's Kuss. Tan Eng. j nnWalk-Over $4.00Men's Gun Metal 9 AShoes $Z.SSMea's Gun Metal, but--i qqton or lace-...-....-$lffN L1iBoys', Misses' and Children's Shoesand RubbersDANParis' Greatest Shoe StoreJ-MrfL"S. Tmrii",r 5Sei? '7:- -i-: -r. .j-. . .-.'."S-r - XS' "StePARSy KBNTUCKYg French--ntnr vinvllf v? ' ' " - -r "v' "" - ' -ff-v ' -JH : thing bueclCggringj - jJj ; l i ii . . n l i X. j 'JSS?s-iests-f-? : - . - - -.-. . - . vr". - u ;. '-i5l -.;-" -v4 s?j--.i-.--."," . r:.JA.i" - ,-vi - . ;islsaiassi?---"s. - - tiMK, - r-ir .'ae: . .cjt ; " r - -"w-a- jtt !.- -r it jo r. - z. . ji t j j i jr- . -..,- -w .a .wk. . Ta. -, -r, - -jt" - '.H9 - - x.m . -t fc-Lrs -r-vrs Z. - J.rjfev;.Ti-.feri . -.vS5? ?: zrmJT.JJ:Z :,..r''r;r.- v iSk. ,' '" ;.. THi.k: '.- rr- - t-. r it? ' i t ij- jrrvr ?- -s-- , -, '- ..-- -' . -'ijcv'-- 'w- ts: ;' "' ;rr- -,-- m . -, - ' -. j ? --- -. ----- - k. . -"--.. ---ir- -jsj3 -', - -st' T..5t- - j :! -cx. --,-f l.t -- :-ii-? -:-- ?"iv ,r- J.v- -i -v; -.-.- :.-.f rf- .?? vjj, . "irvr ''.''-' .-'.. r,-' V',i,''i:S-,5' .'.' ,-- -:'-f " " .'-;. ?--r'-:-'':C?'3" c" U--f'i'!''ii' - ' y:S4 - v ' v ','-"". ---kl"COHENWhere Beauty and Economy Reig"v- L- Srft "--"tV"j-.10-'5- -. , ?'i1fiC'is:"B.V,,- ., - .- ", .1 - " -''-Tl "" . " j. . '"t i ' ' ' "' "- I ' j- . '- vv" s u . . --" "i. t- i - u" "" r (i" "" . v ; "-5t" . i - rrf i. r s "2 s w-. . ' " . - ' - 'J'- ., -,- i'-- ' "-W- --,- J, - - . " ' , . -w-- -t - -,'..- . - m ? . -- '""iv . ' ?y :ai?.--3r,-t V-