w.,?;PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY Dp THE YEAR.f 'PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, APRIL 16, 1918JVOLUME XXXVIIBOURBONTHENEWS.. . ShevBOURBON MAKES THIRD LIBERTY LOAN SUCCESSFUL.With the same enthusiasm whichcontributed in -no small degree tothe success of the Second LibertyLoan, in which Bourbon county oversubscribed iter allotment the good oldcounty again "went over the top"in. the campaign for her allotmentof $380,000 in the Third LibertyLoan, which came to a closewith a monster mass meetingat the court house Saturday afternoon. Gratifiying reports had been received all through the week from thevarious workers engaged in soliciting for the fund, and it was deemeda fitting close to have a big meetingat the court house, where all couldsee and hear. Committees got busyperfecting arrangements, and whenthe hour arrived for the meeting another record-breaking crowd filledthe big Circuit Court room, while anoverflow meeting was held on thesteps near the front entrance.The city was gayly decorated withtanners and bunting befitting theoccasion, which was ushered in by abig parade, headed by the Paris police department, followed by theBoys Band from the I. 0. O. F.Home, at Lexington, ambulances,Boy Scouts, city and county official?in, autos, the fire department andscores of citizens in automobiles.The parade halted . at the courthouse plaza, where the Boys' Bardgave a concert of patriotic airs.Ike crowd that had gatheredby this time exceeded the anticipations of all who had figured on alarge crowd. By a proclamationissued by Mayor January nearly allthe business houses in the city wereclosed, while employer and employeattended the big meeting.The meeting was presided over byMr. John T. Collins, who, in a briefand appropriately-worded speech,stated the object and aims of the callfor the meeting and urgent necessity of the success of the Third Liberty Loan. At the conclusion of Mr.Collins' remarks the recently-organizedCommunity Chorus, composed ofsome of the best musical talent in thecity and county, under the directionof Mr. A. L. Boatright, rendered aprogram of patriotic airs. The invocation was delivered by Rev. Dr.Orr, the venerable Methodist minister. Rev. Mr. On was followed by Mr.J. R. Bush, of Lexington, who wa?introduced to the audience by Chairman Collins. Mr. Bush stated thatwhile he had been slated for a talkhe wanted to give way for two really good men, who had a messageto deliver to the audience that wouldhe far more interesting than anything he could tell them. He thenintroduced Lieutenant A. J. Mcln-tyre, of Sydney, Nova Scotia, a member of the Royal Highlanders Guardof Canada, who in a most graphicnsanner, told of his experiences onthe battlefield at Vimy Ridge, Ypresand other places. Lieut. Mclntyrewas in the service with the Forty-secondBattalion. He" enlisted as a private in August, 1914, and has beenwounded three times, at St. Bloi, atYpres and at Vimy Ridge. His rightarm was shattered and the stump iscarried in a sling. He was successively promoted to corporal, thento sergeant and then to lieutenant.He spent seventeen months in thetrenches, and his description of warfare was truly a substantiation ofthe old saying that "War is hell."Lieut. Mclntyre was followed byhis comrade, Lieut. A. E. Lamond, ofGait, Ontario, Canada, who, in anequally thrilling address, narratedhis experiences in warfare, which hesaid could never be described as apleasure party. Lieut. Lamond wasm service with the First CanadianBattalion, and was wounded in action at the taking of Fresnoy, onXlay 3, 1917. He lost a leg in thisfight, his left leg being carriedaway below the knee by the explosionof a shell. His left lung was piercedby a bullet and he sustained numerous other wounds. Both these youngmen were sent out through theFourth Federal Reserve District inthe interest of the Third LibertyLoan, and they made a tremendousimpression everywhere by their earnest manner and graphic stories. Theyaddressed an. overflow meeting onthe court house steps, while Rev. Dr.Wilkinson, of Lexington, was speaking. Rev. Wilkinson, whose address at aprevious mee'ting here will ever beremembered, made a. characteristicaddress on the Liberty Loan, and impressed his hearers as forcibly as heaid before. Rev. Wilkinson is one ?ft;he foremost speakers on the platform to-day, and his address hereSaturday was a rare treat for thoseirho had the good fortune to hearhim.It was announced at the meeting'that Bourbon county had raised atotal of a little more than $450,000of which amount the Woman's Committee, under the leadership of Missttqo AioYsi-nder. chairman, raisednearly half, of $222,500. 'Before themeeting closed an additional 515,250-was raised. It ia thought ,that tiebelated returns tkat are yet to comePROP KEITH ADDRESSES B0URBON COUNTY DELEGATES.Prof. Charles A. Keith, a graduateof Oxford, and head of the historyand civics department of the EasternNormal School at Richmond, delivered a most interesting and patrioticaddress to the teachers of the Bourbon county schools at the cou'thouse in this city Saturday morningProf. Keith spoke in a most impressive manner, his subject being,"The Challenge of Childhood." Hecalled to mind the responsibility ofthe teacher in directing the youth ofthe land. He showed by several illustrations that the safety of individuals as well as of nations dependedupon the proper guidance in childhood. He showed that the horriblsatrocities that are being enacted inGermany to-day are due for the mostpart to the misdirection of the youthof Germany for the past forty yea:3by inhuman leaders. He remindedthe teachers of the importance of remaining at their posts of duty inthese times when other more lucrative lines of work are beckoningthem away from the teaching profession, and that many things serve toinspire one to keep on teaching, oneof the chief incentives being the challenge of childhood in America.CHAIRMAN RESIGNS.Mr. John T. Collins, who has beena capable and hard-working officialas Federal Food Administrator forBourbon county, has resigned theposition on account of his numerouspressing business interests demanding all his time. Pending the appointment of his successor, Mr. Lawrence D. Mitchell, of North Middle -town,is Acting Food Administrator.Dr. C. C. Fisher, president of theMillersburg College, is AssistantFood Administrator.6 31 JS&PRESIDENT WILSON'S REPLY.The White House.Washington, Feb. 19, 1918.My Dear Mr. Secretary: Ihave examined with care the memolanda and letters whichyou transmitted to me with your letter of the15th. I fully share the view you express regarding the importance of thepublic-service utilities as a part ofour national equipment, especiallyjnlwar ume. it is essential mat tneseutilities should be maintainedat their maximum efficiency andthat everything reasonably possibleshould be done with that end in vie w.I hope that State and local authorities, where they have not alreadydone so, will, when the facts areproperly laid before them, respondpromptly to the necessities of the situation. I shall be glad to have you communicate with the local authoritieswhenever the information in yourpossession suggests that such acourse is desirable and in the national interest.Cordially yours,WOODROW WILSON.Hon. William G. McAdoo,Secretary of the Treasury.(It)mi JNEW MANAGER.Mr. Thomas Hernaon, who for thepast three years, has been managerof the Cumberland telephone officeat Pineville, Ky., has been appointedManager of the Cumberland's exchanges in Millersburg and Carlisle,dividing time between the two offices.in from workers will make a totalfor Bourbon county of at least ?500,000. Mr. J. Will Stoll, of Lexington,Chairman of this district, was present, and presented the Honor Flag,which the county had been awardedas being one of the many oversubscribing the allotment.. The meetingclosed with the singing of "America" by the Community Chorus, andan inspiring rendition of a patrioticair by the Boys' Band.Bourbon county has now participated in the floating of three LibertLoan Bond campaigns, and in allthree has made a record that establishes firmly its right to be knownas one of the banner counties of theState. In this campaign the countystood second in the list.Lieuts. Mclntyre and Lamond weregiven an impromptu reception afterthe adjournment of the meeting.Both wore their officers' uniforms.I They said they are ready to enter theservice again as soon as their recovery will admit if their governmentwill sanction it. They bbth expressed their sense of appreciation of th?hospitality extended them, and thatthey found Kentucky altogethercharming and that they would likoto come back some time to revisitthe State.Chairman Stoll stated in Lexington Saturday night that complaintshad come in from almost all thecounties in the district that all thefarmers are not doing x their fullshare in the loan. "If all the farmersin the district were as patriotic asthose of Bourtion county," said Mr.j Stoll, "there would be a&solutely nocause for complaint from that, .source.'.' , wv ' S 'FUEL ADMINISTRATOR SOUNDS ,NOTE OF WARNING.The following communication hasbeen received from Mr. James H.Thompson, Federal Fuel Administrator for Bourbon county, in which hewarns the public of the' serious coalshortage, and advises them to gettheir orders in now:"Paris, Ky., April 15, 1918."To the Public:"The United States Fuel Administration, in co-operation with the Director-Generalof Railroads, announces a zone system to govern thedistribution of bituminous coal during the coal year beginning April 1,1918. Under the zone system coalwill be distributed to consuming territory under restriction that willavoid as far as possible waste oftransportation facilities, but nevertheless consistent with the maintenance of the greatest possible production and a proper coal supply to allcoal users."Consumers in Kentucky will suffer a serious shortage next winterunless they begin to fill their bins atonce, and continue to accumulatatheir winter's supply during the summer. The mines in this State canfill the normal requirements of theseconsumers if they are kept runningevery day of the week, winter andsummer. Let every consumer ordertwelve months' supply of coal without delay, and as fast as possible." JAS. H. THOMPSON,"Chairman Bourbon County FuelCommittee."NOTICE TO SCHOOL TRUSTEES OFBOURBON COUNTY.The trustees and visitors thathave not gotten the census blanksfor their districts will please call atmy office as soon as they can and gelthem, as the census must be finishedbefore the 1st of May. It I shouldnot be in when you call you mayhave one of the other county officers let you in my office and you willfind all blanks necessary in a censuspad on the table with the name ofyour district on the cover for you.J. B. CAYWOOD, Supt.LITTLE ROCK COLORED SCHOOLRAISES $110.65.At an enthusiastic rally held inthe Little Rock colored GradedSchool, which is one of the best 5n.the Bluegrass, under the Superintendency of Prof. C. T. Cook, the sum of$110.65 was raised, which will bedevoted to school improvement purposes.WE KNOW HOWSPRINGSHOWINGOFMANHATTAN AND WILSONBROS.' FINE SHIRTSThe swellest and best known lines of shirts sold any- :.:where to-day. Perfect fitting and roomy and full, notskimpy and close like other brands of shirts. Very swell :.:patterns in Silks, Madras, Cloth and Crepe effects, solidcolors in tans, greens, lavenders and pinks. Select your :.:patterns now and get the pick of the lines.$2.00to$10.00John B. Stetson HatsSpring Styles in all the new colors and shapes. Light ...weight-soft hats in greens; pearls, olives and new shades Kof brown.The Stetson Feature Hat at$6.00is a very stylish hat a -little more conservative than theother Stetson styles, but you will find it a very becominghat to wear.1MITCHELL &Spriif Styles in!.APPOINTED DIRECTOR OF BOYS'4 WORKING RESERVE.Mr. philo P. Dix, of Louisville,'Federal State Director of the UnitedStates Boys Working Reserve, hasnotified Mr. Z. L. Wilcox, Secretary!of fhe Bourbon County Y. M. C. A,'of his appointment as director of theReserves for this county. CountSuperintendent of Schools J. B. Cay-jwood will be associated with Mr. Wil-!cox in the work, also the teachers of,the various county and city schools.The purpose of the organization isto (secure enrollment of all studentsin the schools between the ages ofperiod. The boys are to employ their jtime in some kind of productive andindustrial work during the vacation,for, the advancement of the agricultural interest of the country, as wellas work for the Government in thevarious plants of the country.jWihen a student enrolls he will begiven a button to wear and a (membership certificate, and after he haswqrked eight hours daily for hirtysix days he will be presented by theGovernment with a bronze badge ofhonor.REAL ESTATE DEALS.Through the Bourbon Realty Company, former. Attorney P. A. Thompson, of Paris, now Lieutenant in theUnited States Army, sold his homeon Stoner Avenue, to Mrs. T. P. Galloway for a price said to have beenabout $3,400.(Mr. B. F. Judy disposed of theolji log building in North Middletown, to Mr. Edward Simms, whowill remove the material to hi?Xalapa farm and use them in erecting .a bungalow. This old housewhich was the property of the Ricoheirs, was over one hundred yearsold, and one of the most ancientstructures in Bourbon county.-T P3 9S-iWARNING TO FISHERMEN!.The impression has wrongfully gotten out that the law recently passedby the Legislature gives fishermenthe right to sein or gig in streams ofBourbon county. Such is not the(fuse. The law applies to navigableaireaaos hat are locked and dammed,'and does not positively apply tosmall streams throughout the State.Warning is hereby served that violators of the law will be punished tothe very limit. It will be wise totake heed in time and save yourselfa heavy fine. .By order of the Kentucky Game and Fish Commission.BUSH BISHOP,Special Game Warden.' r j"IBLAKEMORENet Jeton Shoes .IN THE SERVICE OF THEIRCOUNTRY.Mrs. Ernest Harris, of this city,received information yesterday tothe effect that her son, Ensign Har-,old Harris, who is stationed on boardthe U. S. S. "Panther," somewhei-3off the coast of France, had just beenpromoted to the rank of warrant officer, with pay of ? 2,4 00 a year. Thisposition ranks next to that of a commissioned officer. The Panther is a"mother ship" or supply ship for oneof Uncle Sam's big battleships noTvdoing naval duty overseas.Cornelius (Buddy) James, of Paris,who left Paris recently for his stationafter a visit to his mother, Mrs. Mollie James, and family, has started onhis ship, The Covington, on thefourth trip overseas. The Covingtonis one of a fleet of nine transportscarrying 5,000 troops each to France.These transports are guarded by aconvoy of battleships, torpedo boatsand destroyers.Private Lawrence H. Hill returned Sunday morning to Camp Shelby,at Hattiesburg, Miss., after a visitto his parents, Mr. and Mrs. GeorgeM. Hill, in this city. Sergt. NewsumKeller, who is in the same companyin the Signal Corps with PrivateHill, will probably return to CampShelby to-morrow. Sergt. Kellehas applied for an extension of hisfurlough, on account of his recentillness.Lieut. Lawrence Lavin, who hasbeen spending a furlough visit in thiscity with his pearents, Mr. and Mrs.M. J. Lavin, returned Saturday tcCamp Sherman, near Chillecothe.Ohio, to rejoin his regiment. Lieut.Lavin was one of the stars on theParis High School athletic team,and makes a fine-looking soldier.John M. Stuart, Owen Gibson.Willis Jacoby and Sello Wollstein,all of Paris, presented themselvesFriday to the Bourbon County Boardof Exemption as volunteers fromBourbon county in the call for selectives in the auto-mechanical class,and were accepted. They weresent to Indianapolis yesterday,where they are to report for service.They will receive two months training in their duties. At the expiration of that time they will probablybe transferred to France for duty onthe firing lines. On Sunday afternoon Mr. Wollstein was given theSecond and Third degree by themembers of Rathbone Lodge, K. ofP., he having previously taken thsrank of Page. The initiation ceremonies were held at the lodge roomin the Wilson building at Main andThird streets, in the presence of alarge audience.Baldwin Woods, who is a memberof the Dr. Barrow Base Hospital UnitNo. 40, at Camp Zachary Taylor,was a guest of his mother, Mrs. JackWoods, and family, on Eighth street,Saturday and Sunday.C. O. Hinton, of Paris, who is engaged in army Y. M. C. A. work atCamp Zachary Taylor, and at thaartillery practice range at WestPoint, Ky., is spending a few day3with his family in this city.Sergt. Richard P. ("Rick")Thomas, formerly of Paris, who &now stationed at Camp Shelby, Hattiesburg, Miss., as a member of theinfantry service, has returned to thecamp after a visit to relatives in Mt.Sterling.Mr. and Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft, oiParis, received a cablegram last weekfrom their son, Lieut. Reuben B.Hutchcraft, Jr., containing merelythe one word, "Well." Lieut Hutchcraft went into the trenches inFrance with his regiment on February 23. Nothing further has beenheard from him since he cabled hi-parents.James Cain, of Paris, who is amember of the American Expeditionary forces now in France, wrote hisparents in March that he was welland hearty, and told of the presents he would bring back fromFrance to "the kids" when he returned. Nothing further has? beenheard from him.Corporal T. E. Shannon, of Pariswho has been stationed at Camp McA'rthur, near Waco, Texap. has beentransferred to Fort Omaha, Nebraska. Corporal Shannon entered , theaviation service at Camp ZacharyTaylor shortly after arriving therewith the Bourbon county contingent.Mr. Jps. J. . Grosche, Master ofTrains for this division of the L. &N., receivWa letter from his brother,Mr. Leo Grosche, telling of his af 2arrival in France, as a member of theU. S. Army Railway Signal Corps.Mr. Grosche stated that the trip wasuneventful, "but," he adds, "talkingabout those Charlie Chaplain stunts,you should have seen me trying toeat from' one of those swinging tables, which Ay back and forth everytimeth shij rolls to either side.Charlie couldn't do half what I did.""FATHER AND SON". BANQUET'AT THE Y. M. C. A.The Father and Son movememtwas given an added impetus lastnight at the Y. M. C. A., wheaabout one hundred and fifty guest3were present at a banquet designed,to promote interest in the movement. Covers had been laid at thetables for that number ,and therewere no vacant places.Hon. Claude M. Thomas, presidedat toastmaster, and was introduced,to the assembly by Mr. Wm. 0. Hinton. Mr. Thomas, in a short speech,stated that the movement was designed to more definitely define the re.lationship between father and son,and to exemplify it to the mutualadvantage of both. The dinner and.special music began promtly at seven"o'clock. The first number o-n theprogram was "The Parable of theProdigal Father," given by Mr. Sila3E. Bedford. Responses were madeto toasts as follows: "Father andSons, Chunis," by one of the guests,(a father); "A Sure Enough Dad,"Charles Kenney; "At the HomeBase," Secretary Z. L. Wilcox, Y.-M.C. A.; I'Once A Week," Julian Snapp;"The Whole Family at Richmond'Foster Mitchell; "Getting Prepared,"Yutaki Minakuchi, Jr.; The BigBoys "Our Move," The Chess andChecker Club," Sherman H. Stivers"Good Night," the Dormitory men:"The Spring Drive," President M.Peale Collier; "Father and Sons,"Hon. Harry V. McChesney, of Frankfort. PS "HiITVE HUNDRED BUSHELS GOODSEED CORN.I have about five hundred bushelsof good Seed Corn of my own raisingfor sale at $5.00 per bushel.(16-2t) H. L. BALDWIN.STATE BOARD OP HEALTH SUGGESTS A CLEAN-UP WEEK.Whereas, A careful study of theofficial returns under the vital statistics law for 1917, about an aver-,age year, shows that 67 per cent, cfall sickness and 47 per cent, of alldeaths occurring in this State in recent years are from communicableand filthy diseases which the healthauthorities and doctors could preveatwith the intelligent co-operation ofall the people, now, therefore:Be It Known, That the StateBoard of Health, for the reasonsabove set forth, and by virtue of an- -'thority vested in it by law, herebynames and sets apart the period beginning on Monday, April 22, andending on Saturday, April 27, as"Kentucky Clean-Up Week" and urges every family, teacher and otherowner or occupier of premises, especially in the back yards and cellars; including the weekly removalof manure from horse stables whereflies are bred; to treat with plentyof fresh lime all damp and speciallysoiled spots and then grade them up;to whitewash all fences and outhouses; to look after the grading;and tops of wells and cisterns andsee that surface drainage 'is kept ouv;and, even more important than anyof these things, construct "A Kentucky Septic Tank Toilet" for ever;rhome, school or other building occupied by human beings not on a line 'of sewers. The Board calls upon allcivic and health, officials, physicians, editors, members of women'sclubs, teachers and other leaders of,opinion, to construct these toiletsand make the other improvementssuggested for their homes, and then,with their own premises as models,start this life-saving campaignamong their neighbors and frienls.If these things are done promptlyand the purpose of it is appreciated,it will then be easy to keep the premises clean the year round.Illustrated bulletins, with full instructions for the construction andcare of the toliets will be gladly sentfree to any one for the asking.JOHN G. SOUTH, M. D., Pres.j. n. Mccormick, m. d., sect.NOTICE TO PROPERTY OWNERS:Put your premises in good sanitarycondition. Every family in Parte'knows what this means.' Rubbish ofall kinds .about the home must beremoved. Put on fly screens fljtime is here. Fight the origin of'disease. Boil all water used fordrinking and domestic purposes.4 Illother words, take such precaution, an "is necessary to good health.By order of the Board of Health.A. H. KELLER "'"(16-3t) City Health Officer.-'te M TBOURBON TOBACCO WAREHOUSE'CO. DECLARES. DIVIDEND. vA dividend of. twenty-two per ceat. vhas been declared on tne capital stockof the Bourbon Tobaccd WarehoueeCompany, doing business irf this citylThe capital stock of the Company- ik$100,000. The company haa declaredividends amounting to one huadre' -andeight per cent, on Tlts capitalstock, to the- stockhol4ra durim tk ,aix sans the cockrm, a- .- taatxtottmcc.'At-x imv-vs.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,- KY.MSXTWOTUESDAY, APRIB II, 1.91.IKE BOURBON NEWS1"I33ttablished 188136 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayPer Year.. $2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Adavance.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.Any erroneous reflection upon the JkaracUr, standing or reputation otBjr person, firm or corporation whichmay appear in the columns of THEOURBON NEWS will be gladly corTcBi if brought to attention of theAltar.ADVERTISING RATES4 Display Advertisements, $1.00 perSuch for first time; 50 cents per inch4adli subsequent insertion.-.Reading Notices, 10 cents per linea$k; issue; reading notices in blacktype,' 20 cents per line, each issue.''Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andaimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special' rates for large advertisements' and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto-.decline any advertisement or other'matter for publication.Announcements for political officesm5t invariably be accompanied bytha cash.- - This oarerhas enlisted-with the government in thecause of America for theperiod of the warEDITORIAL MUSINGS.'.Watch Yourself!Delays are dangerous where dis: sase is concerned.If you tire easily and are "all."played out" don't dope yourself withoealled "tonics" and stimulants.See a doctor for weariness is usually"the -first sign of tuberculosis.-If you have indigestion don't de-luge yourself with "sto$mach tablets."Even if they give relief, they do not.remove the cause of your trouble.If you are a little feverish in theafternoon, don't guess at the cause.Don't believe it is "just a little malaria." Undergo an examination.If you spit blood, don't assume thatit is from your gums or your throat.Probably it is -not. Spitting blood istoo-y important a matter to guess.ubout. Find out the real cause..If your are losing weight or areIfoelow your natural weight, there issome cause for it. Do not feed yourstomach with oils and fats and beerand ether fattening foods. Find outwhy a normal diet it not supplying:youc needs.If you are nervous or have had anervous breakdown, be sure there isnot a physical cause like tuberculosis at the bottom of it. Nervousness is often the only sign of early-tuberculosis.A Patriotic Call For Nurses.The Lake Division of the AmericanH-ed? 'Cross has issued the following- -appeal:"Our Government must have manytho'asands for nurses before the- -close of 1918. Surgeon-General'Gorgas has asked the Red Cross toenroll 5,000 registered nurses byJun5 1, for service overseas and inAmerican cantonments. Ohio, Indiaa'and Kentucky are asked to supply 500. All Red Cross workers can-ai& the Government and the Lake"Division Bureau of Nursing by giving wide verbal publicity to this urgent need for -nurses; urging physicians and individuals employing registered nurses to make it easy for thenurses to enroll. Many people areCelling the nurses they can't be spar--ed'Tor Government service; pushingttie home-care-of-the-sick work andinfluencing young girls to take upntfrjsing" courses; telling registerednurses that when they are in the'Government service they are entiil' .5$to War Risk Insurance."Oh, Yes, Hany a Time." Didje'everhavenosuchweat herin" A?1l?"-iNfertf" these words came from between" chattering teeth when theiUetioer'-pu't them to'thefquestion-tfd meant, in good old- everyiJ&lp English,- "Did you ever -see suchte$tfcer as thisdn April?" It camerom betWeen: 'chattering teeth in arinTXriiVi 'sorM'to 'speak, for th3apeakrs 'were .standing on a street'?mer' waiting for a dust cloud to'7Hffi. - ?'ifcyou have no doubt heard this on-'jMianyvafatre'et corner" "during; thepant"&! of cold weather. Many a timertaaVe; experienced' just such weather this tn 'April. We can Tecall,"(wifwe not, a deep snow on or about-itif23TdV in luffs' vOT' thereabontSJtstfjff$erxies werS ripe in KentuckyjUnT0 TTi V Tn1iierra& wasi 1n Mftnnv.'jEhe' snow-flatteneft out the TilUegrass'lay heavlljr -ttfKm It iOTseverairsr T TW 4fce 'lat"-'".ftfr?ntf wMni1smow milted, under varillfantsky, strawberries were picked forsupper from where the"naa beenhidden by the $nW The 'writer'distinctly remembers seeing big" redroses peeping- out from a coveringof three' inches of snow. One of-theheaviest hailstorms ever known fellin May, on the opening day of theold Bliiegrass League baseball sea-son!The Short Skirted.Formerly women wore clotheswhich left to surmise a great dealwhich is now open to discussion.There is nothing immoral or improper in short skirts. They wereworn in Europe by the peasant girlshundreds of years ago, and are stillworn by that class. The more seenof well turned ankles the lessthought about them possibly, but thefashion of the day is just a trifletrying upon those who would notsecure a first row position in a musical chorus.The feminine foot is not alway.as small in fact as in poetry and fiction and family tradition. It is farbetter to let it have room. It is better for the health and the happinessof those underpinned by it, butshort skirts do turn harsh uncompromising light upon the foot whichis not small or well proportioned, andupon which the ankle is fat wherait ought to be slender.We've Seen It Here!When we see so many young menwith their hair parted in the middle and hanging down over theirforeheads so as to obscure every traceof intellect and so many young women with their hair all frizzlyfrowzly and flopping around overtheir faces in fifty different directions, we are not surprised that thefollowers of Darwin are now positively sure that mankind descendedfrom monkeys.And It Is Even So.An old timer who has neveknown anything but work, withmany consequent happy vacations inbetween, talking the other day ofthe recent order regarding easy livers and vagrants, said to THE NEWSman: "Young fellow, work is nothing but a great blessing in disguise.You cannot see how but some dayyou will say that you were fortunatein your own younger days that youwere made to work, and word hard,too. You cannot get the power todo things save by doing them. Lookover the surcessful men you know inParis. Every blamed one of- themknew what it was to work hardwhen they were boys. Get their history. Nearly everyone was compelled to work when these fellows weroboys. They toughened their muscles iby hard work and sharpened theirbrains by looking out for themselves.The loafers are the ones who reallyhave the hardest jobs in the world."The Fanner Independent.From almost every viewpoint thefarming element in this county, aswell as in other counties, is in bettershape now, save for the shortage oflabor caused by war conditions, thanat any period skice the Civil WarMost people own their homes andlittle farms; more are free from theyoke of bondage imposed by burdensome debts; big tobacco crops havehelped the county in many ways;more are becoming independent eachyear by making a comfortable livingfor their families; and more arewaking up to the necessity of givingtheir children better educational advantages. Taken all in all, prosperity and contentment seem to prevailthroughout the, county. Let progressstill be the watchword.Buy At Home. .When you want any article of merchandise buy it of your home dealerwhom you know to be a reputahlebusiness man, so that the profit hegets from the sale may come back tocAr PTirirh the commimitv. Sendyour money away from home onlyfor what you cannot buy at home atall. Home talent, home labor, homeindustry home capital, and homepleasures are things that should befostered, encouraged and patronized.BIG OLLIE JAMES WANTS TO BESENATOR AGAIN.Ollie M. James, Kentucky's seniorSenator, has formally announced hiscandidacy for re-election to the United States Senate, subject to the action of the Democratic primary, to beheld in August.His formal statement is merely inline with intentions previously wellunderstood. Senator James is concluding his first term, which habrought him well forward in theranks of his Democratic colleagues.On the "floor he has been the consistent defender of the administrationand frequently he has 'spoken withthe direct authority of the President."His original allegiance was to Wm.Jennings Bryan, and, although theyhaVe-tsot always stood, together sincethe.'elfcctiojt of Wilson, their friendship 'remains unbroken.'Mr. -James campaign for re-electionw,illv .stress the patriotic issuesand lay particular emphasis on theclose relations existing "between himand the President, , ,1 m mNtw Flath-Lamp.A practicable 'flash-lamp without abattery has been invented by utilizinga tiny magneto-generator driven by aapring and .clockwork.''Lloyd George has openly challenge.ithe House of 'Commons to geta new government if it did not likehis administration, and so'' far theCommons shows no inclination, tochahg'e.' .,. ,v .FRENCHiJTheir Natural Tllentfor Economy HaDone Muctffo HtlplthSCwMi,Hardsiiipsof Wto&The French housewife, with her native talent for economy, has savedFrance up to the present time fullyas much as have those fighting in thetrenches. Good advice has been givento Americans, if they will only- take ItRich women who have had manyservants now have few. Expenses arecut all along the line. Simple mealsand simple habits replace elaborateones. A lady buys clothes, buf for orphans and refugees, not for herself.Poor women, -who must "reduce simplicity to frugality what do they do?They make one sou buy two sous'worth by watching every centime.This, for countless women In Paris,means getting up at five o'clock in themorning to get a choice of things atthe great market, Les Halles walking, long distances to go where thingscost not so much as nearer home;walking instead of riding; keeping vigilant watch on the venders' carts alongthe street for good values; turningplain foods Into attractive dishes by awell-flavored sauce and a garnishingwhich costs nothing.In the old residential quarters ofParis there are-hundreds of women ofaristocratic connections and moderatemeans who before the war had severalservants and who now have none, orperhaps one. And to women of all degrees of wealth there could scarcelybe a more interesting study than to seehow these gentlewomen and theirhumble helpers give a charming touchto hard economy.A representative household is onewhere the regular income has suddenlystopped, but leaving a little more thanthe small government allowance. Theingenuity of housekeeper and cook accomplishes wonders. In many a homebutter may now be served once a weekand perhaps with only one course.Perhaps three large strawberriesmust suffice for each serving at dessert, but they will be served with agrace that makes the eating of them apretty ceremonial. If gooseberries andcurrants are inexpensive they will combine remarkably with other berries fora compote. Perhaps dessert will be aspoonful of jelly with a simple littlecake ; or perhaps dessert will give wayto cheese, taking on a new attractiveness on its plate of green leaves. Leslie's Weekly.Took Their Grain to Mill.The report published in a Bridgeport newspaper that- the owner of agrist mill at' Sandy Hook, Conn., havingsecured a few bags of wheat, groundit up- and sold it to his neighbors tobe mixed with Western flour, the resultbeing a cheaper material for bread,brings us back to the days of hardlymoret than a generation ago, whenNorthern farmers produced grain qjrtheir farms and had it ground in theneighboring grist mill, then an institution to be found within a few miles ofevery neighborhood. There was no indication in those days that the groundproduct of the grain, whether corn orwheat, was inferior to any producedelsewhere. But now with the adventof modern machinery our civilizationseems to demand a flour from whichevery particle of nutritious gluten, sofar as it tends to discolor the flour, iseliminated. As for home-grown, homeground cornmeal, that is ,a rarity,known only to a few old-time epicuresand secured by them with considerabledifliculty. In the southern Appalachians, however, the old-time grist millis still in use. Providence Journal.Eleven, by Actual Count.An old toper started home one nightIn his normal condition, with a turkey which he had bought for hisChristmas dinner.The toad was rough, and he fellseveral times over all sorts of obstructions in the path,, dropping the turkeyeach time, but picking it up again.Entering his house, he steadied himself as well as he could, and said tohis wife:"Here, wlfey, I've brought youeleven turkeys.""Eleven turkeys !" cried his wife. "Isee but one.""Nonsense, you're blind!" cried hergood man. "Why, I fell down eleventimes coming home, and I swear I picked up a turkey every time I"Powerful Exterminator.In India and Australia a rat andrabbit exterminator was tested sometime ago. It consists of an outer andinner metal shell, like one small eggin a larger one. In the outer shell issulphuric acid, in the inner metal eggis dry cyanide of potash. The- outershell is filled with acid and placed inthe rat hole or burrow, and all ratholes are tightly sealed.v After atfhbaror so the add eats into the cyanideand turn? loose a lot of deadly prussicacid gas.Convenient Wrist Watch."I can't understand why" the publicmake such aoke ofthe wrist watcb"i.said the knut to the hardened1 sinner.Tm sure It's a great convenience.1?Tes. With the old kind M wtoh" Ialways had to unbutton my.' coat and'fish In every one of my waistcoatpockets for It. Now I have to unbutton my coat, fish in every one of "my'waistcoat ' ptfekets, discover that thewatch isn't there, push up my sleeve,and look at It A great convenience !"Requires Time.Fair OneHow old' are yon, littlefellow?The-KId Five.Fair One And what are yon goinjto be?The Kid Six. ' -HOWwqamSAVEiirst 'twas hat and muff tomatch but now comes the circleBkift'and cute coatee, tne formerto match the hat. The circle sportskirt of light blue and whitepolka-dots is extremely attractivewhen worn with the coatee ofblack velvet and topped with collar and cuffs of white angora.BACK UP THE BOYS.By Carl W. Ackerman, famous correspondent, who resided in Germany several years.As far as I have been able to observe in Spain, France and Switzerland the outcome 'of the great wardepends upon the United States.The military situation to-day is critical. All of Europe is awaiting aGerman offensive which will continueseveral weeks and perhaps months.This, I believe, will be the last greatattack which Germany will be ableto make against our European allies.We may and we may not have totake a prominent part in theseoperations, but when this offensiveends the United' States will be called upon to deal the last blow.The success of our operations depends not only upon our splendilArmy, but more upon the backingthis army receives at home. Thomorale of our troops depends uponthe determination and earnestness ofthe American people. And, this determination must be expressed insome definite manner. Spain, Franceand Switzerland are watching theUnited States to see what the peopledo, because it is realized in Europethat the American' people themselvesdetermine what their Governmentand Army shall do.The Liberty Loans in the UnitedStates have been very successful,but to my mind Liberty Loans arenot to be measured by the amountsubscribed alone. The essentialthing is that millions of Americansshow that they are back of the armvby subscribing. I think that morethan ten million Americans shouldsubscribe to this Third Loan, and ifthey do the moral effect in Europeand in our Expeditionary Forcoswill be tremendous.And, last but not least, the enemvis watching that loan as carefullyas it is watching our military preparations, because the enemy knowsthat the success of our fighting willdepend upon the determination ofthe men arid women "back home."Our idea of fortune is good fortune. BAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly RollCream PuffsDoughnuts; Rolls, PiesGROCERYFruitsFresh VegetablesMEATDEPARTMENTRoatsLamb, Vel, Pork xBrainsWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376s , - rJ. J- -i ? J J r 1 , ,Wtt SKIRT AMD$m cMee AiRiYETaMni QU Stains Franv&Htcrttt.It hasDeefowid tRtrrrtfaiM onconcrete xfB JPty le rfeaoved byusing a mucfire oneounof oxalicadd inhref giftlonsof water, withenough Vfiat' flour added 'tomake apaste that can be applied with a brush.Allow the application to remain fortwo days, and then remove It withdean water and a scrubbing brush. Asecond application may be necessaryin stubborn cases.1v.-Oak First for Tables.Oak was the wood first used intables then walnut came into generaluse in the middle of the seventeenthcentury. An early form of table wasthe chair 'table, convenient because itserved the purpose of a seat when thetop was lifted and stood against theside of the room. But gradually thetable took Its present iorm and use.It became the custom to leave theboard upon the trestle Instead of removing both, and In time the piece offurniture was called the table.Some Early Candles.The candles of the Romans werecomposed of string surrounded eitherby war or pitch. Splinters of wood,covered with fat, were used by theEnglish poorer classes In 1300.For Sale.One Axminister 8x10 Rug, almostnew; a bargain for some one. Canbe seen at residence.MRS. KISER SMITH.719 Walker Avenue,(9-3t) Paris, Ky.If You are Thinking About aPipeless Furnaceand want it properly installedlet us figure with you.Satisfaction guaranteed. We areagents for the Laurel Furnace.None better.We art also exclusive agents for tffieVIKING CREAM SEPARATORSGall and let us show them to you-LOWRY&MAYLet Us Serve You !This company is a public servant in a greater capacity thanother utilities, such as railroad, the gas or electric light andpower companies, because it serves you day and night oftftntimes in matters of extreme importance- The doctor, the policaor the fire department are immediately summoned, by our rapidservice. We give you prompt connection with the trades-peopleor your triends.HAVE YOU A PHONE?The cost is reasonable and is something few people can ,afford to do without. We are a home institution: and are vitally interested in the town's welfare. We can. help you. Youcan help us. Let's get together.Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Co.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH,District Manager.?WALL PAPERPaints - Window GlassBrushesHouse and Sign PaintingPaper HangingInterior DecoratingWORK DONEGIVE USC. A.f - -r f. n -jFifth and Main StreetsPosition Waited.Position as jmanager or" overseer offarm. Experienced. Beat of reference. Apply at this office. (tf)Found.Automobile license tag No. 40047,found on Maysville & Lexington pike'between Paris and Lexington. Ownerran obtain same by paying advertising charges. (12-tf)For Rent.Three nice rooms, in good location;suitable for light housekeeping.' Apply 314 Scott Avenue. (9-tf)I BELIEVEI believe that I am right in theoi nclusion that thinking people donot want bargain glasses any morethan they would want nature to endow them with a bargain pair oCeyes.My work is, and always will bejust as good as I know how to makeit. I must give satisfaction in orderthat my business may grow.If you will favor me with yourpatronage, I will see to it that youonly pay a fair price and I will alsopromise you satisfaction, so muchso that you will not hesitate to recommend me to your friends who areIn need of eye help.Dr. Wm. Riley FranklinBoth Phones.520 Main St.W. H. SAHN0N,Ical Manager.kr 1 v-BY EXPERTSA CALL'it. r o -DAUGHERTYAHvVI4 iVwo or.s&x iti Sad? j4r- -.--fs. - -, -.TH1 BOURBON IflWS, PARIS, nfimmmMmtmmmmiiMiK!MmmiimmBtammmmmMIsMttKxprecirxfiuiBmiu,TUESDAY, APRIL 16, 191$.Xsuhday, apil 21, to be liberty LOAN SUNDAY.A signed, letter from Secretary ,fthe Treasury William "G. McAdob nowbeing sent to 14;000 'clergymenthroughout the country Jias requestedApril 21 to be officially snd nationallyobserved as Liberty Loan Sunday.There are about 41,000,000 members in continentaJTQnited States, andthese are looked after "spTrituallybymore than 150,000 ministers. Moreand more it is becoming apparent tothese churches that their very existence as free bodies moving within afree State, is one of the things atstake in this war.The time has come for every American church, whose freedom to worship according to the dictates of conscience was bought with preciousblood in the Revolutionary War, toune up witn me American ifovernment that has assured and protectedthat liberty these 140 years or more.Secretary McAdoo is making his appeal as a God-fearing American tothe pastors to bring their influencenationally speaking, to Fear upontheir flocks in the great drive nowunder way for the successful flotation of Third Liberty Bonds.The Secretary has chosen astrategic time for a national LibertyLoan Sunday, which will be twoweeks before the end of the NationalLiberty Loan campaign. . It is justabout that time in a campaign likethe present one, when zealous peopleare likely to be overconfident and letup on their efforts to put the ThirdLiberty Loan over. The clergy are tobe an imporatnt factor in urging theirfolk onward and upward in the goodfight. They can devote entire sermonperiods to the issue involved. Theycan get behind Liberty Committees intheir parishes, to see that they haverounded up the slackers and laggards,showing them their Christian duty inthe matter.That Secretary McAdoo's letterwill have its desired effect is a foregone conclusion.PARISEVIDENCE . FORPEOPLE.PARISThe Statements ofrftLrii BesidentsAre Surefy.Mre .Reliable-ThanThose of Utter Strangers.Home testimony is real proof.Public statements of Paris peoplecarryreal weight.What a 'friend or neighbor sayscompels respect.The word of one whose home isfar away invites your doubts.Here's a Paris man's statement.And it's for Paris people's benefit.Such evidence is convincing.That's the kind of proof thatbacks Doan's Kidney Pills.J. W. Larkin, farmer, 431 Highstreet, says: "I am only too gladto recommend Doan's Kidney Pills,because I have at times had quite abit of trouble with my back. Often,I had a dreadful ache across mykidneys and the kidney secretionswere too frequent in passage. A boxor so of Doan's Kidney Pills at thesetimes has never failed to cure meof an attack."Mr. Larkin is only one of manyParis people who have gratefully endorsed Doan's Kidney Pills. If yourback aches if your kidneys botheryou, don't simply ask for a kidneyremedy,, ask distinctly for Doan'sKidney Pills, the same that Mr. Larkin had the remedy backed byhome testimony. 60 cents at allstores. Foster-Milburn Co., Props.,Buffalo,N. Y. "W,hen Your Backis Lame, Remember the Name."' . (adv)The political tension in Englandis tighter than ever, and by the timeyou read this it will be just as tight.At any rate, it won't stop your paythis month. ..SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Coahtfs muL GoinfS of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Baseball weather means good byeschool books to a lot of youngsters.Lexington RacesFIFTEEN DAYSApril 23 to May 9, InclusiveEight Valuable Stakes BestHorses in America will Contest.ADMISSION:Gentlemen $ 1 65which will include war tax.Ladies $1.10which will include war tax.Children Under.Sfxteen Years of Age Not Admitted ToThe Grounds.First Raca at 2:15 O'clock Each Day,Rain or Shine !kl rh.Y2mw t&TheGovernment FirstTremendr as is the present activity in themarshaling o men, food and munitions for cneconduct of the war, the placing of the Bell system unqualifiedly at the disposal of the government has relieved one paramount factor of preparedness. Every American who wants to help win thiswar should bear in mind that private service mustgive way to government service should emergencies require that everything be subordinated tothe telephone demands of the army, the navyand other representatives of the government.So when the increased business of fall and winter is reflected in your telephone service by a slowing down and by more frequent "busy" .reports,remember that we are using every means at ourcommand to Iceep our service up to its usual standard. Every available position at our switchboardis occupied and it is difficult to secure additionalpositions because Uncle Sam's requirements havereduced tho available supply of material tothepoint wherCMinufacturers cannot makea definitepromise of delivery.Here's how you can help Use Jthe tele-'phone only for necessary calls, pai$ariy duringthe busy hours of Jhe day. Be patient whenthere is a delay. Be cheerful to the operator andif you hav trouble call "COMPLAINT."We apureciate co-operation.CUMBERLAND ,TEIPKNEAND THLEGRAPH COMPANYIncorporated. .Mr. Frank O'Neill has gone tcMartinsville, Ind., for treatment forsciatic rheumatism.Miss Myra Jacoby is at homefrom an extended visit to Miss Margaret Petty, in Lexington.Miss Lucy Simms was a weekend visitor at Jhe home of Mrs.Strother D. Goff, in Winchester.Mr. and Mrs. George B. Jacobyhave as guests at their home nearParis, Mrs. Thornton Willis, of Winchester.Mrs. Swiney Isgrigg is confinedto her home near Paris with a complication of whooping cough , measles and mumps.Mr.Abe,JBuchanan has returnedfrom Bowling Green, where he hasbeen taking the Pasteur treatment,to his home near Clintonville.Mrs. Margaret Sullivan anddaughter, Miss Frances Sullivan,have returned to their home in Lexington, after a visit to Paris relatives. Mr. S. Letcher Weathers has returned from Muskogee, Oklahoma,where he went to attend the funeraland burial of his brother, Mr. JamesS. Weathers.Miss Ardelle Rion has returnedfrom Norton Infirmary, in Louisville, where she has been a patientfor some time following an operation for throat trouble.Chief of Police Fred Link andAssistant Master of Trains R. D.Smith, of the L. & N., have been sufferers recently from, attacks ofgrippe, from which they are nowconvalescent.Mrs. Win. H. Clay, formerly ofBourbon county, is a patient at St.Joseph's Hospital, in Lexingtoa,where she recently underwent a serious surgical operation. She is reported as getting along very nicely.Miss Louise Myall, of Lawrenceburg, was a recent guest of Mr. andMrs. Wm. Myall, at their home atMain and Eleventh streets. Miss My.all is in training at the Good Samaritan Hospital, in Lexington, taking a course in nursing preparatoryto joining the Dr. Barrow Base Hospital Unit No. 40, when it goes toFrance.(Other Personals on Page 5.)mmmTHE BED CROSS A MIGHTY FACTOR IN EUROPE.Abroad, our boys will find canteens serving a million meals monthly to French and American soldiers;warehouses crammed with materialssituated all along the French andItalian lines, at seaports, and atplaces where they are going tofight; institutions for the care ofconsumptives, for the care of children, and the re-education of maimed men; supply organizations reaching thirty-five hundred hospitals ;jgangs of workers restoring devastated farms and villages the wholoserved by a motor transport whichemployes hundreds of trucks outsideof the equipment of the army is thegreatest system of its kind in theworld.Outside of these armies, indeed,they will find that the Red Cross today is one of the most potent, singleagencies in Europe. Francis B.Bellamy in The Red Cross Magazinefor May.MISS SPRING BONNETIN ANNUAL TRIUMPHMRS. GEBSOX TE&SGBftPHICSTORY OP EXPERIENCE.A magnificent audience greeedMre. Ida M. Gibson, Thursday night,at the Opera House.Mrs. Gibson is widely known asa representative newspaper woman,and her "Confessions of a Wife"It been- read wita great interest.She is now a most enthusiasticworker in the Red Cross organization and spent the past winter inEurope studying war conditions fromevery possible standpoint. She saysshe is the only woman, or at leastthe only American woman, who hassucceeded in reaching the trenches.Mrs. Gibson is a woman of wonderful personality, splendid, physiqueana magnetism. She tells the story01 ner tnrming experience in acharmingly simple style, yet withgreat force and power. Her tailoredcloth Red Cross costume with Frenchcape is very attractive, and with itshe wears strong boots and a closefitting hat with no ornament except a graceful tassel on the rightand la croix rouge in front.In her openings sentence Mrs. Gibson told her. audience not to let anyone make them think for one momentthat we are not at war with theGerman people, for we are."You have been told that you areat war with the Kaiser, but I want totell you you are at war with the German people who have been preparingfor this for forty years; and notonly with those over there, but withthe despicable Germans in Americawho are acting as spies."These she denounced in the strongest language.Before going to Europe, the speaker said, she had been told that everyone who goes to this war is convinced that "there is a God assure as Hell!"She said she had learned to believe "there is a Hell as sure asGod" for she had seen it, in thepinched features of starving children,m the helpless look in the eyes ofwomen, in the destruction of magnificent churches, treasures of artand wealth, in the horrors of trenchlife, in bursting shell and murdeious bomb; and she had heard it inthe infernal din of battle, the roarof guns and the moans of the wounded and dying.The speaker graphically told ofher difficult journey on foot, onedark night, to reach the trenches,dressed in liding breeches, heavyboots, a Sammy overcoat and tinhat, sluiiiMiug over rocks and roughplaces, al ost falling into shellholes, she and her protectors finallyreached Uie trenches. Here, whilehanding out sSup from the soupkitchen to the soldiers a bomb exploded a few feet in front of theparty, wounding several. One poofellow had one side of his f.o completely torn away and while takinghis bowl of soup suddenly crumpledup and died at Mrs. Gibson's feetAnother who was wounded in theback of the head came up babblingin his delirium and thinking the little hand in the Sammy overcoat washat of his. boy, died holding herantt ana taiKing or me peui nis.Mrs. Gibson gave an interestingaccount of the "children's convoy"a long train of French orphans thatarrived in Paris early one wintermorning. The windows were filledwith little faces and every child wasshouting, "Vive la France!" Theymarched to the place provided forthem, singing bravely, and when asked about their fathers the answerinvariably was "II est morte," or "Jlest la'guerre." For this is absolutelytruje that every man in France who isnot too old or too feeble, is eitherin the war or dead because of thewar.Mrs. Gibson was privileged to haveinterviews with General Pershingand President Poincare, as well asother prominent figures in France,and quotes them as saying unqualifiedly that the American Red Crossis the greatest constructive agencyin the world, doing more good thanany other organization that ever existed.The speaker urged every womanto work for the Red Cross moreearnestly than ever, either sewing,or knitting or making surgical dressings, adding with emphasis and truththat every woman who does not devote at least a portion of her timeeanh wpek to this work is aSLACKER!TTia sneaker concluded her wonderful address with a glowing tribute to the American soldiers, comalimenting them as being the cleanest, the strongest, the straightestand the nianliest soldiers on the faceof the earth, and said they wouldstick to their post just as long andjust as bravely as the French or theBritish.Mrs. Gibson has a son in Franceand closed with a pathetic yet bravequotation from one of his letters. mAltogether the address was enjoyed as much as any that has beensiven in Paris.Hon. C. M. Thomas presided overthe meeting, introducing the speakerand announcing the order of execises. The invocation was proTiniirppr lw "Rev. J. J. Rice, andmusic -was furnished by an orchestof five pieces, and the High Schoolchorus, who sang "America," "Keepthe Home Fires Burning" and "OverThere.""tTTsrrrrws'vstrc-&, kr.rirtt Robin, mticOmltt'iff annual eonUttWi ra U-twn Mr. Firtt Robin and XtP, nrt... JM in 111 t, u mostpriHf BoanttHM oos td'eoaPrpof thrlM.8iKM BoJiaHTill lfftfoWA;tU OtlfrjKAmar bo had fcygulnf fefeo sfcoAt ihikiclM & ktt of Vfctoloipd biiokft ttrftw wit a twiatmad a ttw of poftoook fftoft ink;Tho iooo4 iot fo a tour!oo,otowb ecgfootibirilioM black taffata broad brim ii onUtaaod by afootooft of Talytt. daiatoa, ppppna,Sad Mf ooradowari.? r At'taa baoai a ktaoka tirbaa otbtttfti ttiraw,9lW 9 ? ? wrvw.The third line of defense,.Get into it and dig.In this line every true "American can and willHelp to win the war. Invest inLIBER?Y'BONDSWolf, Wile & CompanyAnnounce the Arrival of aIarge and Very Exclusive Selection ofWomen's NewTailored Suits and Dressesof Poiret Twill, Silvertone, Tricotine and Silk materialssmartly tailored models, showing many original touches ,designed especially to bring out the youthful effect.Excellent Values From $25.00 to $50.00Charming New Spring CoatsDisplaying the New -Straight Line SilhouetteH which gives these Coats a very fine appearance an d asicau uctti u uresameas. j.ney are nxtea witn Dig collars,big cuffs, big buttons and pockets of unique design. Madeup of Satin, Taffeta, Light Weight Wool Velours, Silvertone, Jersey and Serge.Prices $20.00 to $55.00.Regarding OurFur StorageWe are now ready to accept your furs for summerstorage. Our perfect facilities for this service carrieswith it the Wolf, Wile & Co. guarantee against theft,fire and moths. Every article intrusted to our care isthoroughly cleaned before being stored. Prices verymoderate.WOLF, WILE & CO.LEXINGTON, KY.5ed CoraWe Have Some Very FineNEILSPAYMASTERr AN AMERICAN PEACE. jf -t There can. be no peace with honoror safety to ourselves or to posterity, exqept a just peace, and therecan. and will be no other peace.Work for -peace accomplishes nothing but the hampering of our effort,the delay of the real peace, and agreater toll of death of, America'sfighting men. Our duty is to warfor a just and righteous peace, andto work or speak for any other peaceis aid and comfort to Germany injury and disloyalty to our boys inPrance. " - ,We -have a soft spot in our heaitfor Rus'sia even, if she has quit thewar. Cussing lierJn. the guise ofsome folks, doesn't put any soldierjon the western front.?SEEDwGermination Guaranteed nrOrder Early, as the Stock isLimited. - -'6 '-'S. BALL W6ECor. Fourth and Ploasant St.SffiLrlti3C-. i' 'l: iVu'GfTTWlTUESDAY, XFRTL If, ItlS. .r agi Ton- , .., ,--n T"";V3THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.: ,'.iHEVTS OF WOMEN'S WOBX- DTTElussriiiix xu uiiuu1 WOMEN.C VLOCAL PROMOTOKSL RECEIVEMOST ENCOURAGING NEWS:!Doir't Whine Do.' 6w is the time for all good citizens to rally to the aid of theircountry by preparing vegetablegardens.-4 At the Red Cross Rooms.)!Tuesday C. W. B. M.'Wednesday Catholic Woman'sSociety.! iJFriday Presbyterian Woman's Soclety.Saturday Sutherland Junior ft.C'Circle..The Surgical Dressings Department needs your every spare nioment Rooms open every day thismonth.TThe Community Chorus, yet in itsinfancy, demonstrated on Saturdayafternoon its readiness to answer patriotic calls. It will do you good tosing the songs "our boys" are singing. Sign with some one of the captains and be present at the next rehearsal. If each of us does his duty,we! will not need to complain of theother fellow.The first law for side-steppingtrouble is to be optimistic.We have dedicated to the Nationeverything that we have; you areasked now to give up just some habits of the kitchen and table. America and her allies must not run outof wheat, meat or fats. If we letthis happen Germany will win thewar. Follow directions.j Messrs. Charles and Carlie Wil-moth, of this city, have received in-i formation from Salt Lake City, Utah.to the effect that gold, silver andcopper in commercial quantities hadbeen found on the property of theMid-West Liberty Oil and Gas Co.,at Munday, Texas. The find wasmade while a party of drillers werej at work sinking a well for water onthe company's oil properties tnreemiles west of Munday, which is seventy miles southwest of WichitaFalls.The find was inspected by a partyof Salt Lake capitalists, who declared that, while they would go aheadwith the development of the oil property, they would also develop themineral end. Samples of the oreswere sent to an assay office, wherethey were reported as being rich, thelittle bundle of clay assaying $4.50in gold, ?8.00 in silver, and a littleless than .5 of of one per cent, ofcopper, or a total of $13 a ton.This company has oil holdings inKentucky, Kansas and Texas. Theywill go ahead with the oil development of their 5,000-acres leases inTexas, but will also make an extended investigation of the mineral prospects. Mr. Thomas Wilmoth, ofParis, is Secretary of the Mid-WestLiberty Oil & Gas Co. The company announced that being amplyable to finance their own development work they would not make astock proposition.?S Ss S3KENTUCKY WHEAT CROPYou would scorn an Americanwhose patriotism ended with wavingflags, cheering the troops and standing up when the band plays. Youwould give your life for your country. Then FOLLOW DIRECTIONS.Have you servants who can't hemade to understand? It is your duty, to see that they do. FOLLOWDIRECTIONS.A thoroughly systematized planand three days of concentrated effort resulted in a magnificent victory for the woman's committee ofthe Third Liberty Loan. Nor havewe heard that a single family wentunfed, unclothed, undarned. Th;ssplendid work was accomplished byMrs. Kate Alexander, chairman, andthe following efficient workers:Clintonville Mrs. Luther Rice,Miss Catherine Weathers, $2,500.Shawhan Mrs. Geo. Current, Mrs.Endicott, $4,000.Millersburg Mrs. Sanford Allen,$28,200.North Middletown Mrs. John Collins, Mrs. Allie Dickson, 35,050.Paris Mesdames Eddie Hinton,Edith Daniels, A. B. Hancock, C. A.Daugherty, Thompson Tarr, MillardKenney, Amos Turney, Wm. Shire,Katherine Craig, Dr. Hamilton, G.Bacon, John Davis, Clay Howard,Dr. Mathews, M. H. Dailey, BusnSwango, Edw. Prichard, T. H. Clay.Jr., Misses Nancy Griffith, RachelWiggins, Elizabeth Steele, CarolynRoseberry, Elizabeth Brown, ClaraBacon, Lizzie Jasper, Ollie Butlei.lioraine Butler, Frances Clay, ClaraBelle O'Neill, Ranah Owens.The total amount as we go to presshas reached $265,000 69 7-10 of,the apportionment.-v Should Bourbon county's contributiion reach the half million mark,The prospect for a wheat crop inKentucky is better this spring thanit has been for years. With an unusually large acreage of wheat (652,000) this State also shows at present a remarkably good condition ofthe crop, being 100 per cent, compared to a condition of 65 per cent,this time last year and a ten-yearaverage condition April 1 of 84 percent. Last spring Kentucky had anacreage of 850,000 compared to the952,000 acres this spring. Of that850,000 acres 100,000 acres had tobe abandoned before the harvest lattsummer because of poor condition ofthe crop, while the prospects now indicate that there will be comparatively little of the 952,000 acres'sown last fall that will be abandonedbefore harvest this summer, unlessspecially unfavorable conditionsshould develop. State Journal.m is isUNHURT IN RATTLE, IS KILLEDBY FALSE TEETH.An amazing' instance of whatchance may do to a man is afforded1 by the case of Albert Crome, of Lonj don, who enlisted two years ago,WOO IKV1UCU tVliVt ovui .J .-.,, where he spent fifteen months participating in a continuous series ofi desperate fights and military adven-' t.nrp.s.He never was wounded, but became ill and was sent home on leaveto recuperate. On his first night faEngland he was awakened suddenly,swallowed his false teeth and died., f ,,.$RELIGIOUS.Air flying seems to be particular!dangerous around Memphis.this woman's committee will have 30licited 53 of the total amount.HATS OFF, PLEASE!Let's have a "Dandelion Day."Don't let yours seed your neighbor'syard. Cut them NOW. Whi'eyoung they make a delicious andhealthful salad when cooked wifhkale, spinach or wild greens."Economic power precedes politicalpower."REPORT 0E THE CONDITION OFBourbon-Agricultural Bank and Trust Co.doing business at the town of Paris, County of Bourbon, State of Kentucky, at the close of business on 11th day of April, 1918.RESOURCES:Loans and Discounts ?1.182,673.o31,590.601,932.59593.3GI.211.4G,242.81.50Q.OO00Overdrafts, secured and unsecured,Stocks, Bonds and other Securities ,Due from BanksCash on handChecks and other cash items ,Banking House, Furnitures and Fixtures . . . . .Other Assets not included under any of the above heads8,6,57,23,1.19.Total .LIABILITIES:$1,299,744.35Capital Stock paid in, in cash $ 200,000.00Surplus Fund 125,000.00Undivided Profits, less expenses and taxes paid 29,329.89Deposits subject to check $736,125.88Demand Certificates of Deposit .... 00Time Deposits 203,794.13Certified Checks Op 939,920.01Due Banks and Trust Companies ; 1,808.64.Xqtes and Bills Rediscounted .00J Jtserve for taxes 3,685.81'' - .,Total $1,299,744.03vSTATE OF KENTUCKY,County of Bourbon Set.V-We, John T. Collins and Buckner Woodford, President and Cashierpf -the above named Bank, do solemnly swear that the above statementde true to the best of our knowledge and belief.r JOHN T. COLLINS, President.J BUCKNER WOODFORD, Cashier.Subscribed and sworn to before me this 11th day of April, 1918.THOS. W. ALLEN, Notary Public.My Commission expires, January 25, 1920.i Correct Attest:WIPPf:PiWBireBlPPnif?:W)iiih-fcw J. T. HINTON,FWWJBTJlWEVnWTPJ B. A. FRANK,N. KRD3NER,- jXIujRVVjThe regular meeting of the WOman's Missionary Society of the PreS-1byterian church, was held yesteTday afternoon at 2:30 o'clock, at thehome of Mrs. Newton Mitchell, onDuncan avenue.At Stony Point last Sunday aSunday school was organized by theBourbon County Gospel Team, following a gospel service conducted pyJ. Carroll Bryan and Lawrence D.Mitchell, both of North Middletown,and Dr. J. S. Wallingford, J. T.Tucker, "H. A. Power, Stuart Wallingford, G. H. Parrent and Z'L.Wilcox, of Paris. The followingmembers were enrolled in the newschool: Elbert Rose, Ethel Ritchie.Grace Smith, Ernest Henderson,Ethel Bramel, W. R. Tuttle, CarlosJohnson, Bertha Ritchie, Ora Henderson, Mabel Johnson, CharlesRowe, Mrs. W. R. Tuttle, NannieJohnson, Mrs. George Bramble.Janet Spilth, Robert Bramble andHouston Griggs. Mr. W. R. Tuttlewas elected Superintendent of theschool.CIVIL SERVICE EXAMINATIONHELD HERE APRIL 30.An examination of applicants forthe position of bookkeeper-typ3-writerand clerk-bookkeeper for theUnited States service will be held atthe Paris postoffice, under the CivilService regulations, on Tuesday,April 30. The examinations are opento all citizens of the United Stateswho may meet the requirements, andwill be of a competitive nature, tofill vacancies in the DepartmentalService at Washington, D. C. Sevenhours will be allowed for the examination. Other dates are Tuesday, May28, and Tuesday, June 25.Any information regarding the requirements, etc., will be furnished atthe Paris postoffice by applying toClerk William Clarke, local Secretaryof the Civil Service Commission.A Civil Service examination forclerk-carrier to fill vacancy in theFaris postoffice force, and to providean eligible list for emergencies inthe future, will be held at the Parispostoffice on Saturday, May 11. Theexamination, like the preceding ones,will be competitive, and open to allcitizens of the United States wmomeet the requirements. .Full information, applicationblanks, etc., may be' obtained by application to Mr. Wm. Clarke, localQonrafarv rf fVlA P.ivil SprVIP.P. f!om-"v . "" J . . , ; " : .; t. z ' imission, at tne posiomce Duuaing ijiParis, Ky.m m mSUIT AGAINST EXECUTORS OF F.J. MILLET ESTATE.Countv Attorney D. D. Cline hasinstituted suit against the MechanicsBank & Trust Company, of Knoxville,Tenn., executors of the estate of tlelate Mr. Pat J. Millett for back taxesamounting to about $5,000 for sixyears prior to 1917. .The suit is based on the claim thatMr. Millett, who owned a valuablefarm near Paris, was a resident ofBourbon County, and not of Tennessee as is claimed by the executorsof the will. tAttorney E. M. Dickson, representing the executors of the Millett estate, and County Attorney D. JD.Cline, for Bourbon County, called thecase for trial before Judge Battertonyesterday.Having prepared the suit as County Attorney in 1917, Judge Batterton declined to sit in the case and theattorneys promptly selected AttorneyR. C. Talbott, of Paris, to preside.Owing to the fact that Mr. Talbott'sbrother, former Sheriff W. F. Talbott,was formerly connected with the case,Attorney Talbott declined to hear thecase. Later Attorney Dickson andCounty Attorney Cline selected JudgeGeorge R. Hunt, of Lexington, andhe will call the case for trial nextThursday.BOURBON LODGE TO OBSERVE I.0. 0. F. ANNIVERSARY. 'Bourbon Lodge I. O. O. F. is mak-ling elaborate preparations for observing in a local way the ninetyninth anniversary of the order inthe United States, which will fall onFriday, April 26.Every lodge in the State is trvinirto make a record for the largest!class ot candidates initiated duringthe ' time preceding the celebrationof the anniversary, and BourbonLodge hopes to be among the "topnotchers." It has held the recordfor ten years. Two petitions werereceived at the recent meeting of thelodge. A big class of candidates isexpected for Monday, April 29,when Grand Master Beckham Overstreet, of Louisville, and Grand Secretary R. G. Elliott, of Lexington,will .be present and assist in thework.B-4 PI REInsure withW.O. HINTON &SON,AglsEIRE DEPARTMENT HAS A SUNDAYTJALL. .The peace and quiet of Sundaymorning was disturbed by an alarmfrom Box 25, ait Sycamore andTwelfth streets. The fire departmentresponded and found the roof of theresidence occupied by John Mastinon South High street, in a blaze.The fire, which originated from a defective flue, was extinguished withchemicals, the property damage being small.s 1QFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.PARIS TOBACCO MARKET LEADSTOR HIGH AVERAGES. -The Paris Tobacco market ledevery other market in the State forhigh average for the season just closed, the Paris market having disposedof approximately nine and one-halfmillion pounds of tobacco for thegratifying average of $$29.21 perhundred pounds.This nine and one-half millionpounds of tobacco was sold in jParisat the Independent Warehouse, ownedby the Independent Tobacco Warehouse Company, and at the Bourbonand Paris Warehouses owned by theBourbon Tobacco Warehouse Company. The report of tobacco sales in Kentucky for the season just closed, asfiled with Commissioner of Agriculture Mat Cohen, at Frankfort, showsthat a total of 82,857,509 pounds oftobacco was sold for $20,838,465.57an average of $25.15 per hundredpounds. ,i- Jeji fej j .FRANKFORT COLORED BOY WINSORATORICAL CONTESTRepresentatives of the differentcolored High Schools in the Bluegrasasection met Friday night in an oratorical contest for honors in the auditorium of the Paris High School.The successful contestant was Rob-.Kenneth Jones, of the Clinton strictHigh School, in Frankfort. Thejudges were Prof. Thos. A. Hendricks, and two of the Paris HighSchool faculty, Misses Ray and RotffMt. Sterling, Paris and Lexingtonwere the closest contenders to thewinner. The next contest will beheld in Frankfort. The contest lastyear was won by Frankfort at Mt.Sterling.Hasn't Mr. Newton D. Bakertrouble enough without being calledupon to also bear the burden thatgoes with William J. Bryan's' ap-TAMPA. ELA.. SWEPT BY DISASTROUSJTRE. Several hundred persons are homeless as the result of a fire whichlate Monday swept several blocks ofi esidences and business sections. Twobusiness buildings, four smallchurches and a juvenile detentionhome were destroyed, in addition tothe dwellings burned. The loss wasestimated at between $250,000 and$300,000.The cause of the fire has not beendetermined.m m iCOLORED WORKERS TO HELPRED CROSS WORK.The colored people of Paris andthe county will take part in the RedCross campaign for subscriptionsamong their people. Prof. F. M.Wood, Principal of the Western HighSchool, in this city, has been appointed chairman for the work inthis county. All subscriptions willbe kept separate from others so thatthe colored people will get full creditfor their part in the campaign.GM"The Home of BetterClothes" For Men, YoungMen and BoysET THIS STORE firmly fixed in yourmind before you start out to buy clothesthis Spring. Never before have we hada better display and a bigger variety to selectfrom. We have adopted the policy of giving"Better Clothes, Better Styles and Better Values" than you can find elsewhere, and we earnestly invite you to come in and inspect ourstock.Young Mienwill find here the latest styles in newest patterns. Men" of conservative taste are bound tobe pleased with styles and patterns to suitthem. Every suit guaranteed at its price.$12.50 to $35.00Boys9 ClothesThe question of buying good Boys' Clothes canbe settled here, as we have the best and mostcomplete lines in Paris. New styles and patterns 'that are bound to please the Americanboys. The best values in town.R. P. WALSH7th and MainOne-Price StoreFRAN K& COTHE RELIABLE STOREAt?i'NewrSeasonableMerchandiseArrivingDailyFRANK & COys,vHnf i J 'artH 1 v-VB.'4 Billk-S , Bi'-VilliParis, Ky.UJJ&tftfLl' Directon.f&proyal?i -1?v-14H -?..'5r?4-s; TUESDAY, APRIL It, 191S. ..THE BOURBONMM 1MBKKXFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSELOCAL OIL COMPANY TO "BEINGIN" WFJ.T.S.The Bourbon Oil & Developmentfco., of Paris, received informationyesterday from the fleld superintendent in charge of drilling operations(hat two wells, promising good returns, would be "brought in" thisweek. One is in the Irvine field, andthe other in the Carter county fleld.HVE HUNDRED BUSHELS GOODSEED comSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.(miags and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.I have about five hundred bushelsof good Seed Corn of my own raisinsfor sale at $5.00 per bushel.(16-2t) H. L. BALDWINKEW APPOINTMENT.Mr. J. W. Early wine, of Paris, has'been appointed weigher at the countyrock quarry, by County Judge Geo.Batterton. The appointement wasrecommended by County Road Engineer Ben P. Bedford. Mr. Earlywine has assumed the duties of hisposition.HENS SHOULD NOT BE HURRIEDTO MARKET."A rush of too jmany fowls to market as soon as the restriction againstselling laying hens is removed, mayresult in food losses," says the United States Department of Agriculture."Think twice before selling a henthat is still laying. Green food isbecoming more plentiful and the demand for eggs continues. Universalmarketing of fowls may react onprices as well as cause spoilage ofdressed poultry."m 1 1ON THE RIGHT TRACK.The Maysville Daily Bulletinsays: "Mayor E. B. January andChief of Police Link, of Paris, Ky ,iiave issued a warning to all ablebodied men in Paris to comply withthe new State law, which is to theeffect that he shall work thirty-sixhours out of every week regardlessof his wealth or position. Whilethis is going to work a hardshipupon some of the gentlemen of ease,the officials declare that the lavwill be strictly enforced against persons in all stations of life."nmmTHE WEATHER.The weather man relented Sundayand yesterday and sent us two really pleasant and delightful daysfollowing the visitation last week ofMarch weather when freezing temperature was recorded. The warmsunshine brought people out byscores and the automobile trafficthrough the city was unusuallyheavy.The weather prediction for theOhio Valley for this week is as follows: Fair first of week exceptshowers in east portion, temperatureabove normal middle of week, fairand warmer;- end of week, showerswith higher temperature.PRESH PISH TO-DAY.Fresh -fish received for to-day andto-morrow's trade. We dress themfree of charge.MARGOLEN'S SANITARY MEAT( 16-2t MARKET.PELD'S PINE SPRING POOTWEAR.A VARIETY TO SELECT PROM.As usual, we have a fine assortmentof Spring footwear and a greatvariety to select from.(26-tf) FELD'S SHOE STORE.PARMERS BUSY.The return of seasonable weatherhas given the farmers a chance tospeed up in their work, and as a result things are humming on thefarm. Spring plowing, often interrupted by heavy rains and unseasonable weather, has been resumed, andmany have finished their stunts.The weather has not injured thetobacco beds as yet, and many bedsthroughout the county are showingan abundance of plants that arestarting a nice growth. With a continuation of the seasonable weatherthey will be ready for transplanting in May. Wheat and rye arelooking good."psi 13 JS-POPULAR CLERK RESIGNSMr. Robert Rose, for the pasteleven years connected with the Louisville & Nashville railway in Paris,and latpiv chief clerk in the officeof Mr. Edward H. Gorey, foreman ofthe local shops, has resigned his position, taking effect yesterday.Mr. Rose has .been appointed to theposition of general delivery clerk' inthe Paris postoffice, to fill the Vacancy created by the resignation ofMr. 0. P. Carter, Jr., who has goneto Huntington, W. Va., in the revenue service.Before leaving the Louisville &Nashville employ, Mr. Rose was called to the office, where he was presented with a handsqme token of esteem and appreciation by the employes of .the shops and his felloemembers of the clerical force. ".Mrs. W. C. Powell and children,Sylvia and Billie, were guests ofParis friends Friday and Saturday.Mrs. Charles K. Posner has returned from a two-weeks' visit toMr. Posner's parents, in Cincinnati.Mrs. Cannie Grimes Stout andMrs. J. A. Stern left Sunday for avisit to Mr. Stern's relatives inBirmingham, Alabama.Mr. I. Drake Thojmpson has returned from a Lexington hospital,where he has been under medicaltreatment several days.Mrs. W. A. Harp, of the ParisHome School, went to Georgetown,Sunday, to attend the funeral of herfriend, Mrs. J. J. Rucker.rThe Lexington Leader says:"Miss Mary Fithlan Hutchcraft, ofParis, was in the city Friday. Sheplans to enlist for the canteen service overseas."Mr. Charles O. Martin, managerof the Pastime billiard and poolroom,' has gone to Hot Springs, Ark ,for' an indefinite stay to take treatment for rheumatism.Mr. and Mrs. George N. Keller,of McKinney, Texas, are guests ofthe former's parents, Dr. and Mrs,A. H. Keller, in this city. Mr. Keller is connected with the Texas Pacific railwey at McKinney.Prof. T. A. Hendricks, Superintendent of the Paris Schools, attended a meeting of the Central KentuckyHigh School Advisory Council of theY. M. C. A., held at the PhoenixHotel, in Lexington, Saturday.Miss Aimee Woods has returned from Louisville, where she spenta week as guest of her brother. Mr.Baldwin ' Woods, at flamn Znr.hnrvTaylor. Mr. Woods is a member ofthe Dr. Barrow Base Hospital UnitNo. 40.Mrs. P. I. McCarthy and children, Frank McCarthy and Miss MaryMcCarthy, Misses Maggie and NellieRoche and Marie Furey, of Lexington, and Mr. and Mrs. G. P. Harris,of Frankfort, spent Sunday in Paris,as guests of Miss Mary McCarthy, onWalker avenue.Mr. James M. Doyle and familyentertained the following guests Friday at their home nearParis: Mr.and Mrs. Jas. C. Day, 'Mr. CharlesDoyle, Mrs. Ida Plummer, Mrs. Jas.Hinton and daughter, of near Paris,and Mrs. Clarence Plummer and twochildren, of Chavies, Ky.Mr. Albert S. Thompson, ofnear Clintonville, left Saturday fora week's visit to his son, Mr. G. C.Thompson, and Mrs. Thompson, nearAllensville, Ga. Mr. Thompson received a letter from his son statingthat he was engaged in cutting thefirst crop of alfalfa from a tract of200 acres, and wanted him to see thebig harvest.The following from Paris attended a dance given at LancasterHotel, Georgetown last week promtedby Richard Sales and Harvey Johnson, Paris, Misses Ethel Rice, May meFlanders, Lucile Hall, Grace and Lona McCord, Carrie Rose, ElizabethDean, Ellen Lavin, Alline and LillianEwalt, Rosina Elder, J. B. Douglas.George and Thomas Toohey, JohnBrophy, Cecil Arnold, Mat Keller,Julian King, Thomas King, R. J.Fetticord, Preston Bales, AndrewKern, Herman and Leonard Tully,Albert Johnson, Emmett Crump,Fithian Arkle, Dr. Cole.(Other Personals on Page 5.)MANY PLAGS ARE SOILED.At the beginning of the war the Ipeople of Paris were requested tomake a patriotic display of flags, andthe response was a very general on.For a long time the enthusiasm continued at fever heat. Everybody displayed a flag. Now the flag has disappeared and the few remaining onesare soiled, worn and torn. In atrip through the city recently wenoticed a large number of sadlysoiled and drooping flags, but moreconspicious than that was the utterabsence of any kind of flag in hundreds of homes,It does not necessarialy imply alack of patriotism upon the part ofthose whose homes are not decoratedwith the flag, but it looks like theyshould "hang the banner on the outer walls" and let the people see.Let's all join in and renew theflag and make is a prominent pieceof the decorative effect on homes andbusiness houses. Where are thosebeautiful starry banners that floatedso proudly from the flagstaffs on thecourt house, the Masonic Temple, theOdd Fellows building, the First National Bank skyscraper, the Government Building and a long list ofothers? Run 'em up and keep 'emthere!1 m mSEND US LETTERS PROM THESOLDIER BOYS.The United States Governmentpermits the newspapers to publish alJthe letters from the soldier boys whoare in France with the American Expeditionary Forces. Your neighborsand friends in all parts of the country are interested in that boy ofyours, who is with the colors inFrance. When you receive a letterfrom the boy "over there," let THENEWS have it for publication. Itwill be returned to you in good condition. Nothing of a personal nature, but only that which is of general interest to our readers, will beused.SEVENTH DISTRICT W. C. T. U.AT LEXINGTON APRIL 25.The annual convention of the Seventh District Womens' ChristianTemperance Union will be held onApril 25-26, inclusive, in Lexington.The convention will be opened on themorning of the 25th in the FirstMethodist church in Lexington witha silver medal contest, in which sixpupils from the Lexington HignSchool will participate. These contestants are now being prepared forthe event by Mrs. Ada D. Reid, ofLittle Rock, this county, who isMedal Contest Superintendent.The second days session will beheld in the Centenary Methodistchurch, with a large number of delegates present from Chilesburg, Antioch. Paris, Millersburg, LittleRock, Spears Mill and Lexington W.C. T. U. This is a subdivision ofthe district which comprises thecounties of Bourbon and Fayette.Paris will send a representative delegation to take part in the proceedings. t3 lEi E3SOCIETY OP KENTUCKY WOMENELECT NEW OPPICERS.THE PAIRSPECIALS POR SATURDAY.Wall Paper and several other shipments that should have been in heremonths ago, have just arrived.25c Turkey Feather Dusters-, 19c;Chicken Founts, 10c; Safety Pins,3c a dozen; Brass Curtain Rods, each5c; Grey Granite Cooking Kettles4 quart size, 19c; Heavy QualityFibre Chair Seats, each 5c; spelndid50c Washboards, 39; York TolietPaper, 1,000 sheets in a roll, fingsatin finish tissue, special value, 10croll; Cups and Saucers and Plates,Meat Dishes, etc., free with a poundJof our celebrated Pennant Coffee;try a pound of our Rio Coffee Saturday only, at 15c, whole or ground.WALL PAPER.Beautify your home with the latest 1918 Wall Paper.In spite of the present shortageof Wall Paper, our 1918 line represents the most complete stock wohave ever assembled and put on di3play. Our purchases were madeearly during 1917, hence the priceswe can quote you are very low incomparison with others. LowestPriced Line of Wall Paper in Bouibon County atTHE FAIRNewRed SealRecordsFor TheVICTR0LAAt the annual election of officersof the Society of Kentucky Womenof New York at the Astor, Mrs. Bedell Parker was re-elected presidentwith the entire list of officers and theBoard of Directors. Members of thesociety are busily engaged in RedCross work, and have turned in animmense lot of sweaters, socks, hospital clothes and other garmentsduring the past few .months. Weeklymeetings are held at which membersknit and sew.One of the most popular membersof the society is Mrs. Frederick Wallis, 'formerly Miss Nannine Clay,daughter of Mr. and Mrs. ThomasHenry Clay, Sr., of Paris.PURCHASES NEW AUTO. .The Franklin Motor Car Co., ofLexington, reports the sale of afranklin touring car to the Bourbonno-a Sr' Snnnlv Co.. of. -Paris, foriMr. W. A. Thomason, of North Middletown. jMarch Miniature64766, $1.00Boston Symphony Orchestra.Darling Nelly Gray64729, $1.00Alma Gluck.The Lord is My Light64726, $1.00John McUormack.18435. Are You from Heaven?Burr. Give Me the Right toLove You Sterling Trio 75c18437. Tickle Toe VictorMilitary Band. Going Up-Vic-torMilitary Bdnd 75c18488. Tom, Dick, Harry andJack Shannon Four. Au Revoir, But Not Good-bye Peerless Quartet 75cDaughertyBros.. --.Fifth ud Hah -Just Arrived!NewSPRING SUITS, COATS ANDDRESSESIn All the Latest Colors and Materials ' 'NEWSPRING MILLINERYARRIVING DAILYWe also have a beautiful line ofnew Spring White Goods, WashGoods and many other materials toselect from.Come in and Inspect Our Select LinesHARRY SIMONAgents For Munsing Wear, Warner's Rust Proof Corsetsand Eiffel Brand HosieryHimYou Will Need a New Refrigerator This Summerand it will pay you to buy anAUTOMATIC !HottteholdeiiAn exclusiverdsaturewzth&mAU7VMAI7Cui Csri :& JtTn.WTj? IU JlwmmvmmmmmmftTheDatentet EBUY ANAUTOMATICREFRIGERATORWater with ice in it should never beused for drinking purposesYour physician will tell you that.With an Automatic refrigerator you get a built-in, porcelainlined water cooler. It forms part of the wall next to the ice,and requires no extra ice.In other words, refrigerating both your foods and water,your ice does double duty.If you use bottled water you get an extra holder which is apatented article and can be used only by the manufacturers ofthe Automatic. 'The water cooler is lined with snow-white, genuine porcelainand there is always a refreshing drink of cold water if youhave an Automatic, the refrigerator that has everything good,plus.Step in and look at this cooler when close by and ask for aninteresting booklet on the proper preservation of foods, etc.Join Our Kitchen Cabinet Club!THEJ.T.HINTONCO.MOTOR HEARSE-MOTOR INVALID COACH -UNDERTAKINGE1T HERPHONE" 36SIXTH AND MAIN STS.M T. t s , ,j&IF?M1.-llI'ninK.'rK.B'B '1p'H3 'MiJK .I ''E :mg. tMi 'IB '-r(5THE B0UWK,11W, PAIMT,.WBWtoftWfelSaB?'iffJfQaj:fsi. rt! 3 A.iU"t;i-yw -JJ u t;jgMjLtasnwraHSSsqrtBSaBtl..! ii ' i n"i m t fr arT i J 'iaMEMJM i riT ' I ' - ,. .i .M,MMMMMaMM,,MMM,MMMM,MMMMMMM,M,MMMM1,MMMMMMMMM JMMMMMMMMMMM--ViL3- r -hkt-i'v 'nrr J.-W -i ttTT".' ..r " , ivY THETKTTTPDOORCALLEDQuaker Courtship In Which WomanFranjcly Expressed Herself as Favoring Brother of Wooer.X few weeks j&o the Youth'Comot,epwrte3vtwoW three strangeamusing courtships 'of New England tradition. A reader was movedtajadi another to the list this timelQiaker one. In a small town, ofwllch aboat half the population wereFriends, two brothers, John and Joseph, shared a farm that adjoined theproperty jal SaraK, a spinster In earlyiddlV iffi. Both brothers In theirjjimih. nad been obvious suitors forSarak'i hand ; but they were slow and'tURdent, and neither ever reached theifttat of proposing. Then an enterprising and audacious young woman,jrfco belonged to "the world's people,"somehow extracted a proposal fromJaaeph or dispensed with one-Handarrled him. After several' years" ofaatrlmony she died, leaving him withtwe little girls. As soon as proprietypermitted he betook himself to hisspinster neighbor's, and, according tolocal tradition, spoke thus :"It Is borne in upon me, Sarah, thatthee would make an excellent wife.""I have no leading to contradictthee, Joseph," replied the lady deaurely. "Also, Sarah, I believe thee competent to be an admirable mother.""Thy Judgment Is to be respected,Joseph.""Thy housekeeping Is well esteemed,Sarah. The women say there Is nobetter housekeeper in the place.""I am assured thee would not listento light gossip, Joseph.""Then, Sarah, will thee marry me?"x "Nay, Joseph, I am not moved toconsent But thee may repeat thykind words about me to thy brother JJohn if thee thinks best.""So that thee will enter the family,Sarah, and care for the household, Icare not by which door thee comes In.I have no further Inclination towardthe married state for foolish reasons I""Whether myreasons are foolish orno, Joseph, I will only come if I ambidden by the door called John."It was by the door called John thatshe was soon welcomed, to rule, gentlyand to order wisely a double family.BREAKINGThe War Savings. Stamp Will rovethe Last Straw(Plaschke in Louisville Times)REALLY MORE THAN NEEDEDYeunfeUr Aeked Gad te Send NiceCaatftafft ana a Deluge FloedcdFitlaa ef the Southwest.We -were!living in the Southwest,For weeks aad months we had norain, relates a writer in the CountryGentleman. Every day big, promlsingiaoklnf clouds rolled jip, .broke apartand "dTlf fed" away. Streams were" driedTePi vegetation was burning up and lifewas well-alga unbearable to man andbeast. From 12 to 18 Inches of sandand dust covered the highways; gnatsmade life hideous; heat parched ourskin and throats. Rain was the only'relief, and rain we did not get. Everynight at bedtime .four-year-old Boberton bended knees by his little white bedasked God: "Please don't forget tosend a nice, cool rain."One day the big, black clouds rolledup as usual, but we noticed that theywere all fringed with green. Pretty"soon a big wind sprang up and leveledsmall houses and barns, broke downtrees, scattered chickens, ducks, strawand haystacks all over the country. Aiblg hail followed the wind, and thencame rain a perfect deluge ! Streamsrose clear out of their banks and thewater came creeping over the fieldsand toward the houses and cattlepens; pretty soon It had flooded theyard 'and was nearly to the door.4Small Robert took .a survey of the'".situation, and then in a small, frightened voice said: "Daddy, don't blameIt all on me. God had ought to knoweda small kid like me didn't need such aawful big rain."IV -y Some Old Children's Books."C John Newbury set the fashion of-publishing juvenile story books about1756, retaining Goldsmith and others towrite them, and in the list of such publications It is somewhat startling tocome across "Tom Jones" and "JosephAndrews" "abridged for the amusement of youth," It Is true, but not atall In the direction one would expect,says the Boston Globe. There was,however, quite literally, powder In thejam, even with Newbury's publications."' The worthy publisher was the proprle-tor of the famous Dr. James' Powder,J" and contrived to introduce Ingeniousreferences to this profitable sideline lnhXo his book. Thus In "Goody-Two-vShoes" the heroine's father dies miser-"ably "because "seized with a fever In ai place where Dr. James Powder wastmofto be had."-,k, " Use of Cement. -Cement was first put on the marketia England. It was still being importSid into this country in 1875. It was" atJ this time that the use of Portland g; stent in the United States came Into. commercial prominence. When theproduct.as first1 placed bn the marketito Competition with that which V&s7 being Imported from England and Ger; many; 'a good price was demanded,g However, production ia excess of de?and soon resulted and Improved a big'factor in the price cutting that fol-f? .TJ, S. NAVY NEEDS MEN.The Navy Department authorizesenlistment in. all branches of the service, absolute maximum, until further orders, in' order to get men toman our ships in use and building.Our Navy is carrying men, food, etc.7across, and fighting submarines.The Navy offers education alongdifferent lines, and physical development. Pay is from $32.60 to $129.00 permonth, not including clothing,board, medical attention, andthis pay does noD stop until discharged. All enlistments. are for duration ofthe war only. Men of draft ageare accepted if they obtain releasefrom their draft board. Age for enlistment is 18 to 35.If you are. thinking of helpingUncle Sam. clean up the Kaiser andhis followers, it may pay you to callat some of the following recruitingoffices and investigate, or just writefor any information you care for:Postoffices, Padu'cah, Owensboro, Ashland, Fayette Bank, Lexington, 21Kentucky Post Building, Covington,412 S. Fourth street, Louisville.Four thousand young Kentuckianshave been enlisted in this branch thopast 12 months, at Louisville. Ifyou know of any of these boys, you.can find that they are well pleasedwith the brancTi they selected.ra pa la''Jintift?' lllil 'Kf ' f gg"'i"' ' ' ' . " m " "h . h im b .. HiriH b - m . . ns . a h v n a a m. v..ivm. W HI1L Jfi Jfi'NBIGR U GSPECIALThat appalling damnationintelligence with humanityconverting a whole people intoa predatory monster has de-scended on the world.No human institution, fire orfabled beasts breaking upthrough the crust of the earth,could not more awfully threatenus. "Every energy of every civiliz-ed nation be assembled for re-sistance.An unused dollar is an unus-ed weapon.How shall we face enslavedmen, mutilated chidren and for-lorn women, if in this hour ofsupreme peril, we hold baclijyidle in our house a weapon thatmight have helped to savetheworld.;IP I WERE A FARMER.If I were a farmer I would keepat hand a few reliable medicines forminor ailments that are not so serious as to require the attention of aphysician such as Chamberlain's Coiicand Diarrhoea Remedy for bowelcomplaints.Chamberlain's Cough Remedy foricoughs, colds and croups.Chamberlain's Liniment for sprains,bruises and rheumatic pains.Chamberlain's Tablets for stomach troubles, biliousness and constiJ pation. ,This would require an outlay ofonly $1.10. By having these articles at hand it would often save thetrouble of a trip to town in thebusiest season or in the night, andwould enable me to treat slight ailments as soon as they appear, andthereby avoid the more serious "diseases that so often follow.(adv-april)CARPENTERS AND PAINTERSWANTED BY GOVERNMENT. Carpenters and painters are urgently -needed for shore duty atGreat Lakes, Illinois, in the 1st, 2ndand 3rd grades, U. S. Naval ReserveForce. No ship knowledge is necessary, but recruits in these gradesmust be painters or carpenters bytrade.This branch pays well. Age 21 to35. Registered men must get release from draft board.Recruiting offices are located atLouisville, Lexington, Covington, Paducah, Owensboro and Ashland.MICKIE SAYSSAY,UOOKT HEVS.e ,OEttfcAvovyu Mfc s oom' to iav. vfivjArjE ouuo vnhgVnvc'$ S-fROU. OH r OSSSDESK. Nt SfOOO FERN.o roia nov), vr( vEsA UNn , CtVv Repartee."Harold asked 'me point blank- that beautiful color of yours was nat-mral, aad, of coure, dear; r had to tellthe truth aad say no.""Of course, you did. He taxed me.-with It, and I told kin I, ha borrowk t ye.M 'vA. Zt I "1 p2S3i-Ik: . ciC-OwiiiH VYrnif jL qa " ll WKyftHilllUlllil tiffiS ..'fcyi. VdEXHIi Jki X1 d -v.9 SaCATARRH CANNOT BE CUREDwith LOCAL APPLICATIONS, as theycannot reach the seat of the disease.Catarrh, is a local disease, greatly influenced by constitutional conditions,and in order to cure it you must takean internal remedy. Hall's CatarrhMedicine is taken internally and actsthrough the blood on the mucous surfaces of the system. Hall's CatarrhMedicine was prescribed by one of thebest physicians in this country foryears. It is composed of some of thobest tonics known, combined withsome of the best blood purifiers. Theperfect combination of the ingredients in Hall's Catarrh Medicine 'iswhat produces such wonderful resultsin catarrhal conditions. Send for'testimonials, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Props'.,Toledo, 0.All Druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for constipation.(adv-april)A CAR LOAD OP RUGSBOUGHT AT THE RIGHT PRICEThese rugs must be turned into money quick, tliough, forus to get out on them, hence the bargain prices we offer.Room Size Rugs in Floral and ConventionalDesigns.We are not' the biggest wheels in the furniture business, but we keep the littlewheels rolling every day. We have not the largest store in Paris, but I have thebest, I have the best selection for the size of stock carried, and I leave you for thejudge of prices.Also a Beautiful Line of Iron Beds Just ReceivedSomething to Suit Every Household.E. M. Wheeler Furniture CompanyROBNEEL BUILDING, COR. EIGHTH AND MAIN STREETS, 'IXi:; ::::W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, KEXTRASpecial jThis WeekWaists$ 1 .50 and $ 1 .75 ValuesExtra Special$1.25GERMANY FURNISHES THEPROOF.Every development since our entry into the war has justified andproved the wisdom, the imperativenecessity of American's participation.Eevry Gernian success and every German failure have shown how necessary to our own welfare and peace,how necessary to the safety andpeace of . the world the defeat? ofGermany is. Every foot of groundGermany has been forced to give up,every foot of land she has seized;have demonstrated the absolute neccessity of defeating that sinister, in-1 tolerable thitfg called' Germanism.m m leiLift Walled Up.All life is Jjven ps rigidly walled up.The walls are' blessings, like the narapet on a mountain road that keep Ihetraveler from toppling over the aceof the cliff.Alexander'Maelaren, D.D.:m is now said that- the. Germanjors doctored Cbiint CierMri;-ItcensorsIeace -speech beforelettinWit&out.but that" a true copy reached Washington through Switzerland. xWe have just receiveda shipment ofNEW -SilkPoplinSkirtsin blue, black, purpleand green, speciallypriced at$4S8A MAN AND HIS WIFEmay both 4 derive saiisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Theco3t is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledg ethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.i A phone brings U3.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 Home Phone 1692?TWJIUBROSDepartment StoreMain aid Seventh StreetsNow is the Timeto Figure on YourSpringANDPaintingPaperingMJLet Us Make an Estimate for You Before Placing Your Order. CallUs Over Home Phone 3Q9.KANf BROS.Is .TUESDAY, APRm 16, 1918.THE BOURBON NEWS, PAWS, KT.?Mf armsST. XOTHS XEPTOIICHAILS GEB- MAN LIES.German propagandists have been,busy since the entry of the UnitedStates into the war. Falsehoods ofevery character have been spread!over every section of the country-with the idea of abusing the confidence of the American people. Sdpersistent has been the circulationof these carefully moulded pro-Germanlies that an official exposure ofthem has been issued as a pamphlet.entitled "The Kaiserite in America,"by the Committee on Public Information, 8 Jackson Place, Washington, D. C. A copy of this pamphletmay be had free if inquiry will bedirected to the Committee.Tales have been current about interned German prisoners being fedfive meals a day, a"bout Red Crosssupplies being sold to shopkeepersby dishonest officials, by criminal,waste of food at training camps and,many other like falsehoods eitherdesigned to discourage volunteer Red 'Cross work and the loyal efforts ofhousekeepers to save food or calculated to create a troublesome dis-jtrust of the Government.The circulation of these stories is,often due to the folly of a citizenwho wishes to appear to have "inside information" and who eitherinnocently or intentionally starts a'lie" that rapidly grows worse as it,spreads. A collection of such lies(and their refutation has been made Jby the St. Louis Republic. A hun-di"ed of them are included in "TheKlaiserite in America."WHOOPING COUGH.f rf PTio tnflrlo in'? Prtii orTi T5 orn rArto keep the cough loose andexpectoration easy. It is excellent. J(adv-april)MARGOLEN'SALL FRUITSVEGETABLESFISHAND MEATSare kept inside our store inseparate refrigerators everything screened and freefrom dust and flies.Buy where edibles arekept in a sanitary manner. Our service isprompt.MARGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketL. & N. TIME TABLE(Effective February 10, 1918, at 12:01 a. m.)TRAINS FROM ARRIVALNo..34 Atlanta, dally 5:20 amIt Rowland, dally except Sunday .7:36 am17 Maysville, daily except Sunday-.... - 7:38 am40 Lexington daily except Sunday. - , ...7:40 amS7 Cincinnati, O., daily .- N 10:05 am12 Lexington, dally 10:07 am33 Chicago, daily 10:20 am9 Maysville, Daily Except Sunday 5:40 pm138 Lexington, Daily : 3:15 pm38 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 3:15 pm39 Cincinnati, Daily Except Sunday 5:50 pm16 Lexington, Daily Except Sunday 6:30 pm32 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 6:45 pm136 Lexington Daily 10:23 p m31 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:30 pm210 Lexington, Sunday only 12:30 pm209 Maysville, Sunday only 5:40 praTRAINS FOR LEAVI34 Cincinnati, daily 5:25 am4 Cincinnati, dally except Sunday.. ..... 7:4S ma17 Lexington dally except Sunday... .... . .7s7 am10 Mayiville. dally excaat Somaay T:4S am13 Iitxlnjrton, dally txctftSuMtay ..10:28 am37 Knoxvnie, dally . ' 10:Jam33 Jaclcionvill, dally JOiJSra129 Lexington, dally S:2$ p38 Cincinnati, dally, 3f.2f pm39 Lecdkston dally axeat Somday '. ..1:17 ppi9 Rowland, Daily except fwaday ........ i:Npnav16 Maysville, daily except Sunday 6:45 .pm32 Chicago, 'dally - . . ..'..... ..".... . jr:6P131 Ltxt&stoB, Dally ...... . 1i17 pm31 Atfefttft, 'Gi Dally 10:31: :pra210 Mayarilli.lflunday only 12:i35"pm209 Lexlnfctbtvfhimday omly .-4:47 pmtfO. TRAINS ARRIVE FROM ""2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Sc Sunday ". 7:31 a. m4 Frankfort, K.. Dally Kx. Sunday S:M .s 'TRAJN DEPART FOR , ;1 Frankfort: Ky., -Daily Bx.,uaay. .v.' . ;v. ii . .'.V: ..;.... 1 tW a. mt Frankfort, Ky.,''Dlly Ex. Smaday ..-..- : 9- !HARD JOB NOWISJt EASIERLouisville Railroad Man Tells HowTanlac Put His System BackIn Shape.Marshall I. Smith, 1214 SouthShelby street, Louisville, Ky., is a.locomotive fireman on a run out ofLouisville and his job is one whichrequires a lot of strength and goodhealth. He didn't used to have itand it was hard for him to keep thefires going in his engine, buthe sayshis work is easy since Tanlac put hissystem back in shape."I used to feel so bad that it washard for me to even climb onto tinengine, and, of course, my work ofkeeping the fires going in the enginewas mighty difficult," Mr. Smithsaid."My system was all out of order.My digestion was bad and my appetite was so poor that I didn't eatmuch. I didn't sleep well either."Well, I started taking Tanlac andit surely did put my system back ingood condition. My appetite hascome back Une. I eat good now, too,and have gained in strength so muchthat my firing job is easy for me."My wife has suffered from rheumatism for quite a while and is juststarting to take Tanlac RheumatismTreatment,"If you don't feel right take Tanlac and get your system back inshape. Tanlac is purely vegetable.It tones up and invigorates the entiresystem. Tanlac is just the thing totake this spring. You can get Tanlac at Varden & Son's.Take Tanlac Rheumatism Treatment for rheumatism. It is helpinghundreds of rheumatic sufferers andit will do for you what it is doing forothers. You can get -Tanlac Rheumatism Treatment at Varden & Son's.(adv)THE APRIL FARM AND FIRESIDEThere are many interesting andhelpful features in the April Farmand Fireside. "On the Way to Verun" is the account of an ambulance driver who went "over there."Herbert Quick, the famous writerand editor! has written a stirringarticle which, is a direct appeal tothe farmers of the country. It iscalled "Steer and Gear and Stack ""The Confession of a Timber Buyer," is most interesting as is "MapleSugar in the Making." "YourChild's Own Room," "Saving Moneyon Food," "Trucks and "Trailers"and "Good Health Talks" are someof the other features that help tomake Farm and Fireside a nationalfarm paper published in the best interests of the farmer.lei 155 ISFOR BILIOUS TROUBLES.To promote a healthy action of theliver and correct the disorderscaused by biliousness, Chamberlain'sTablets are excellent. Try themand see how quickly they give youa relish for your food and banishthat dull and stupid feeling.(adv-april)A big bluff often gets by, but hefeels like the old boy all thetime.TURN TO B0WD1TCHBook by Salem Man, Long Dead,Has Become War Factor.Young Officers of the United StatesMerchant Marine Are Poring Over"American Navigator' Famedas Sailor's Guide.No American of today is exercisingso potent an influence in the country'spresent extraordinary development inseagoing as Nathaniel Bowditch, whohas heen in his grave for more thaneighty years, and whose name is unrecognized by millions of his fellow countrymen. Persons who follow the rise and decline of the "best sellers" among booksmay be surprised to know that Bowditch was the author of one of thebest-selling books ever produced, whichhas run through hundreds of editions,in all civilized languages, has been selling steadily for more than a hundredyears, and since the great war beganhas been in greater demand than ever.This book Is known'as the "American Practical Navigator." It is theguide of every keel that sails the SevenSeas, and is familiarly known to sailors the world over as "Bowditch," or"Bowditch's Epitome."With America's entry Into the war,the demand for Bowditch's "Navigator" became so great that a specialedition of the book was published tomeet it, by the United States hydrographic office, notwithstanding thateditions had been as recently issued asin 1916. and also in 1914. For a timeit was difficult to obtain a copy of the"Navigator." Since the appearance ofthe 1917, edition, however, all demandsfor the book can be met.The increased demand for the bookwas caused chiefly by the stimulusgiven the study of navigation amongyoung Americans by the training service of the United States shippingboard, which is schooling hundreds ofyoung men to serve as officers on theships of the new merchant marine.Bowditch was called by his contemporaries "an intellectual prodigy." Hehas since been termed "the OceanPathfinder." On receipt of the newsof his death, In 1836, vessels in thechief ports of the world half-mastedtheir flags. His book was then said byone eulogist to be "in practical utilitysecond to no work of man ever published." Of the personality of the man whoachieved' this great distinction verylittle Is recalled today, in spite of thevital influence of his work In the present development of his country.He was born in the old shippingtown of Salem, Mass., in 1773. Hispeople were poor,7 and he was obligedto leave school when 'bill twelve", 'toserve in a ship chandler's shop.There, while selling rope and marlinspikes, the youth fell in with men fromfar voyages. One was an old Britishsailor, who taught the lad navigation.Algebra so fascinated the boy ho."could not sleep after a first glance atit."It chanced that about this time aprivateer came into Salem with thebooty of a cruise that Included alibrary of philosophical works, theproperty of Dr. Richard KIrwan, anIrish scientist, taken from a freightercaptured off the Irish coast.The books were sold at auction, andbought by Salem citizens as the nucleusof a library. Young Bowditch had access to them, read them eagerly, andcopied most of them for further use.When twenty-two, Bowditch madehis first voyage to sea, as captain'sclerk on a Salem ship. He sailed nineyears in all, one voyage being on theAstrea, the first American ship to visitManila harbor.Every man in the Astrea's crew soonlearned they had a genius among them.Bowditch looked the scholar and devoted many hours a day to study. Hemade every man aboard a navigator,and it was said, each of them "couldwork a lunar observation as well asSir Isaac Newton."When not studying young Bowditchpaced the deck in deep thought. Atsuch times nobody spoke to him, knowing that in due course he would dashinto his cabin to set down the resultsof his concentration, as he rarely failedto do.It is related that one day the shipwas attacked by a privateer, and Bowditch was assigned to pass powderfrom the magazine. The gun crews gotno powder, and Investigation showedBowditch seated on a powder keg,working out a difficult problem on hisslate.On arriving in Boston harbor froma voyage 'in -1802, Bowditch attendedthe commencement at Harvard collegeand was surprised to llndf himselfnamed for an honorary degreeas bachelor of arts; his" work as an authorityon navigation having won him recognltlon. ,. Retiring from- the .seajn 1804, Bowditch became 'president of a "fire Instilanee company. He'aeinea-professor-shipsat Harvard, the Military 'academyAtWest';'P6ifit7aridr'the University , ofVirginia. ,.-'; His life was devoted largely to perfecting ''his "Navigator,"' arid' to' thetranslation from the French and annotation of La Place's "Celestial MecharilLa collossal wortc on astronVm? 8?RK great erudition by thetranslator, but now known "only " to afew astrwwmers.Even a Stranger."An indorsement for office means little." , -iWeil, we getao we Indorse a 'manat we,tiandoiita match-n request"STOCK, CROP, JTC$x. Bourbon county farmers are getting ready to turn out their big cattle to grass, and practically all ofthem will be in tire bluegcass pastures by April 15 or 20. The pasturesare earlier and better than in manyyears. JiT"?Ir; Lutner Rice, of near Paris,sold to Letton Vimont a fine four-year-oldsaddle horse for $200. MrVimont sold to Mr. Catesby Woodford, of near Paris, an extra fancy-year-old bay saddle horse for$500.fe te feDO YOU' SLEEP WELL?To be at his best a man must havsound, refreshing sleep. When wakeful and restless at night he is in jqocondition for work or business during' the day. Wakefulness is oftencaused by indigestion and constipation, and is quickly relieved bvChamberlain's Tablets. , Try a doseof these tablets and see how muchbetter you feel with a clear head andgood indigestion.(adv-april)to to toGOVERNMENT SAYS RAISE OVER$3.000,000,000.The first official indication that thegovernment hoped to raise more than$3,000,000,000 from the Third Liberty Loan came Wednesday in aTreasury statement asking that thecountry subscribe three or four timesthat amount and furnish 20,000,000subscribers, double the number of thesecond loan.Our Two Black Jacksii1)ANDaBULL SPEARS"will make the season at our place,3 miles from Paris.-on the Maysville pike,$10 to Insure a Living Colt.These are two fine animals, bigbone, mealey nose and -belly and aresure foal getters.Home Phone 3 or 370.TURNEY BROS.PARIS, KY.(lapril-lmo)You Don't Have toStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRangeA beautiful line of Garlands on dlfclay. Come In and look tham ovar.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporate!)Professional Cards.WM. ORAINNANAttorncyit-LiwROOMS 401402.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGDR.WM. KENNEYEye,' Ear; Note and ThroatiROOMS 403-404.FIRST NArLBANkiUILDING.'HcfNi??fcSAfandr, PFvevntsThWmortUnromialtTPOAltirelr - -irT.ntidriiiarriMEiir eared. ." ' .T "Tv1 brvattlBgabrSdroptoCiBwrW PwHrr UmijIn the drinklM wUc dsrisc Hhmflnttu !! rilll IIM'llfclilMli retowl;riIM4KH. AkUX7? .UfWWMNMWlCUM.A.Kit-rifcr'MUSQIRRELLYCuresIt 't. -JVME v. " !'"tttMlrfcfldi fftsfltAtfw, -"?y 'jj!?!3i ss3 frntnii 'V-LIKE BACONYOU know how cookingbrings out all the richpungent flavor of baconthere's nothing that tastestetter. But you wouldn't likeit raw.IT'S TOASTED. So we toast the Burley tobaccovised in LUCKY STRIKE Cigarettes for exactly the same reasonto bring out the rich, solid flavor.km I maaJlml m I wM'Baaans557 Guaranteed ryWIS JhAJLCekM (ColumbiaiHaaaH aaaaaaaaT'Columbia Grafcnola No. A, $18.00Columbia Grafonola No. B, $30.00Columbia Grafonola No. C,f$45.00ARDCRY DRUG COMPANY410 MAIN STREETThe Bourbon LaundrlDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. ,?tvW .. - XaVv XV ' 1Bourbon Laundry,fit cParff KMtiioky.W" vc"n5-s'T r-TkIXL--11GrafonolasVPARIS, KENTUCKYWest 5 StreetSatisfactioiWilchwordis OirWithall the latest improvements in laundryannliances and pnrthelpers we are prepiredto ,uq. wors lnienor wnone, and solicit yourpatronage.MwT , Jr'-Vf' n:1,M!iMPii1JilM-'r'-v n. t .AwSi aWfMai aW a ipaaaaaBBBapaap aaayJhT,-C Tf"" V"1Vw.VJ&THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, Kf;M-J&r''J-T- . ,TUESDAY, APRIL, 1, If IS.APAGE EIGHT--v,Utn jc .... 5r rT - . ..... -..i.lllllllHHMHUtttMHtmHIMHHWHl I IIT1 1 !cTf THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMO"I !t, If! 4- IHitvH?Hn JaI The J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMERSParis Ky.vi-Mainand SixthStreetsDay phone 36Nisht : . . 56or Home 286Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with our fLimousine invalid coach.-.,Hearse used for funeral purposes only..iBaaaaaaaaaaaaBaaaaaaaaaaaaaaBEiBaH&siBaaaaaBaaalhVCfMaaa MBMBDaarMHbbMHbT MBMaaMHr111111 1 1'l l I II4'4I I !'''l"I"I"I"I"I-I-:-M-I"I"I"I"I-I"I--H"H-4'iH-mMILLERSBURG-itertain the "old boys" who expect tocome "home" for the 25th anniversary of M. M. I. June 1 to 4 inclusive.unas. Wilkinson, who is sometimes known as Charlie Redd, andMr. S. C. Bascom was in Owings- Uhas. Parker, who is also known as"ville on business Friday. i Has Roby, both colored, engaged in-Messrs. Silas Clever and J. M. a shootine: and cuttiner affray Satur-31ason have purchased handsome an- day night, in front of the restauranttonxobiles. j of Joe Ratliff, colored. Parker be-Quite a number from here at-' gan shooting at Wilkinson at thetended the patriotic mass-meeting at Fame time Wilkinson began cutting2Paris Saturday afternoon. I Parker. Wilkinson received a bul-The pupils of the Graded School let in the abdomen, after which he- "will give a play at the opera house j succeeded in wrenching the gun fromr jFriday evening. May 2nd. Do not Farker, shooting him in the abdomen.forget the date. See further particulars later.Mr. and Mrs. F.' E. Peterson' were guests of her parents, Mr. andJsMrs. Rice, of Walnut Grove, Saturday and Sunday.Mr. and Mrs. C. W. Corrington-IetThursday for Atlanta, Ga. Mr."Corrfngton has not been so well, and' ' lias gone to consult aspecialist. They"will be absent about ten days.Mrs. Ida Gibson, of New York,"delivered an interesting addressThursday afternoon at'M. M. L Auditorium in the interest of the Red"Cross. She has been cm the battlelines in France. She is a most interesting speaker and held her audience during the entire time.- Cadet Rutherford, who has "been"quite ill at M. M. I. for several"we'eks, and who for the past two-weeks has been improving, left Mon-" day for Oklahoma. He was accom--panied as far as Cincinnati by his;'"nurse. Miss Wood. He wasParker was badly cut and receivedinjuries from which he died Sundayabout eleven a. m. Wilkinson'scondition is serious, though not necessarily fatal. The exact cause ofthe trouble is not known. An examining trial cannot be held until Wilkinson is better.MATRIMONIAL.COTTINGHAM ANDERSON.Mr. and Mrs. A. W. Cottingham,of Paris, announce the engagementof their daughter, Miss Hazel FerriCottingham, to Mr. Richard T. Anderson, of Lexington.The marriage will be solemnizedthe latter part of this month and ismetl t De a simPle an( Quiet affair.hare bv his brother. T)r Rutherford. Miss uomng-nam is origin, nana-5f Virginia, who will go with him to some and charming. She is a grad-v(Oklahoma.-The first soldier boy who hasSone from Millersburg returned a'corpse Sunday. John Wesley Taylor,'-colored, in company with others, left"here for Camp Zachary Taylor, Louisville, about two weeks ago. Somedays ago &e was seized with an attack of pneumonia, dying Fridayflight. The remains arrived Sundayon the 12:55 p. m. train, and were'interred in" the colored cemeteryLMoaday afternoon.' The play, "Cousin Gene," win'3)e given in M. M. I. Drill Hall Frl--daynight, April 19. The Cadet Or--chestra,under the direction of Prof.Trost, will make its debut. The proceeds derived from the above entertainment will be used for rental of aTiufnber of. tents and also to purchase a Service Flag. Everyone inJBourbon and others will be interest4d to know that M. M. I. has flfty--ixboys in the service thirty-one'Commissioned officers. Admission, 25nd 35 cents. An evening of funarid pleasure awaits you, and at thosarnie time you will be helping to en-uate of the high school at Paris and7for several years has been makingher home in Lexington, a member ofthe household of Mrs. M. E. Sage andMiss Alice Sage on North Broadway,while holding a position on the clerical force of the Security Trust Co.Her brother, Mr. Wayne Cottingham,is on the reportorial staff of TheLeader.Mr. Anderson is the son of the lateMr. and Mrs. John Anderson and apopular business man and capitalist,one of the directors of the SecurityTrust Co.Insignificant in themselves, wordsaccomplish the most remarkableends. They have power to removefear and assuage pain. Moreoverthey can produce joy and increasepity. Gorgias.The Red Cross plans$100,000,000 drive in May.another&Let Us Solve Your DryCleaning Difficulties?THEELECTRICDRYCLEANERSCLEANERS AND DYERS OF FINEWEARING APPARELJT "g.Ptttn Us: E. Ttnn. 9f 1; Home 12PARIS, KY.Tuesday, April 16thJesse L. Lasky PresentsWallace Reid. and Anita KinsSupported by an All-Star Cast, in"THE SQUAW MAN'S SON"By Edward Milton Royle. A ParamountPicture.Also Antonio Moreno and Pearl White, inthe Third Episode of"THE HOUSE OF HATE"Wednesday, April 17thJesse L, Lasky PresentsVivian MartinSupported by an All-Star Cast, in"The Fair Barbarian"By Frances Hodgson Burnett A. Paramount Picture.Also HAROLD LLOYDin a Luke Comedy, and theHearst Pathe News No. 25Thursday, April 18thGoldwin PresentsMae MarshIN'PIELDS OF HONOR'The Story of the Shot that Rang Aroundthe World. By Irvin S. Cobb andEdgar Selwyn.- Also the Last Episode of"The Retreat of the Germansat the Battle of Arras"PricesAt the Alamo Children 5c-war tax lc; Adults 13c war tax 2c.At the Paris Grand -Children 5c-war tax lc; Adult 13c war tax 2c.Colored persons, Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 10c-war tax lc.JDEATHS.TRACY.Mr. Lewis Tracy, aged t seventy,died in Franklin county, last week,after a lingering illness. Mr. Tracywas the father of seven children, twoof whom, Mrs. J. A. Chambers andMrs. Samuel Merchant, reside inParis. The funeral was held at thefamily home at three o'clock Saturday afternoon, followed by burial inthe family burying ground.SPEAGAL.The funeral of George M. Speagal, six-year-old son of Mr. and Mrs.Martin Speagal, who died at thehome of his parents, in this city,Sunday, was held Monday afternoonat two o'clock. Services were, conducted at the grave in the Paris Cemetery, by Rev. Geo. R. Combs, pastorof the Paris Methodist church. Thetoy is survived by two brothers andtwo sisters.RICE.The funeral of Mrs. Sarah Rice,aged seventy-one, who died at anearly hour Friday morning, of hear?trouble, at the home of her son, Mr.Walter Rice, near North Middletown,was held at the home of her son.Mr. John Rice, in Winchester, Saturday afternoon, with services conducted by Rev. B. W. Trimble, ofMt. Sterling. The interment followed in the North Middletown Cemetery.Mrs. Rice was the widow of MrCharles Rice, for many years a farmer in the North Middletown vicinity. She leaves three sons, WalterRice, of North Middletown, CorwfnRice, of Galveston, Texas, and JohnRice, of Winchester.MURPHY.The funeral of Mr. J. T. Murpuy, agea eigmy-one, wno died acthe home of his son ,Mr. Ollie Murphy, in this county, Thursday night,was held at the Locust Grove Baptist church, in Nicholas county, Sunday afternoon, with services conducted by Rev. Mr. Burgess. Theburial followed in the Locust GroveCemetery.The remains were brought Saturday to the undertaking establishmentof Mr. Geo. W. Davis, in this city,tne runeral party leaving here byautomobiles at noon Sunday forNicholas county. Mr. Murphy wa3a widower. He is survived by twosons, Ollie and Wim. Murphy, of thiscounty, and one daughter, MrsNora Wilson, of Mira-nda, Nicholascounty.CASSITY.The funeral of Mr. James Ca-sity, of Pans, aged sixty-six, washeld Saturday afternoon at threeo'clock in the Rose Hill Methodischurch, in Nicholas county. The interment followed in the Rose HillCemetery.Mr. uassity was a carpenter bytrade. His death occurred Fridayariernoon at four o'clock, at thehome of his daughter, Mrs. A. C. McDuffy, on Lilleston avenue, in thiscity, following a protracted illnessdue to Bright's disease. , He is survived by three sons, James Cassityof Bourbon county, Aaron Cassity, ofDanville, and Charles Cassity, 'ofSpencer county, and one daughter,Mrs. A. C. McDuffy, of Paris.RUCKER.The funeral of Mrs. Bettie Porter Rucker, aged eighty-one, whodied at her home in Georgetown, Friday from the effects of a paralyticstroke, was held from her home onSouth "Broadway, in Georgetown,Sunday afternoon at three o'clock.Services were conducted by Rev. Dr.F. W. Eberhardt, assisted by Rev.M. B. Adams, president of Georgetown College.The interment followed in theGeorgetown Cemetery. The pallbearers were Judge Lewis L. Bristown, Thomas Dewhurst, RichardHiggins, G. Hayes Nunnelley, Eugene Rucker, Prof. D. E. Fogle, Dr.Geo. Ragland and Prof. R. NormaaDaniel.Mrs. Rucker was a native of Paris,where she was born in 1837. She wasmarried in her early womanhood toJohn Higgins, of Fayette countv.she was married to Prof. J. J. Ruck-(er, who for over fiffv vpnrc o110-iiFragonard, Vallory Club and a pony,kowned by Walter House; Russean,mathematics in the Georgetown Coi-feelonging to M. Foulk; Jocular.lege, and was President of the in-fstitution. She is survived by onesister, Mrs. Gilmore Hayes Nunnelley, of Georgetown, and onebrother, Thomas Porter, of OklahomaCity, Okla., and several nephews andnieces,tai taBIRTHS.owned by J. Johnson, and Eyeglass,Ernest Hall, owner, also were lost.8fi p3 JtLSenator Lodge assures us that Col.Roosevelt has had no secrets fromthe American people, so it is pleasant to know that the Colonel has hadno faults to admit or sins to confess.To the wife of Mr. Luther McHargue, residing on Tenth street,twin daughters. Mother and children doing well.Twin sons were born yesterdayto the wife of Mr. Samuel Weathers,residing near Clintonville. One ofthe babies lived but a few horn.The mother was formerly. Miss Mattie Lou Stipp, of Clintonville.J5s Pa fcaVALUABLE EACE HOESES PERISHIN BOWIE FIRE.Seventeen race horses, valued ac$50,000 in all, perished in a fir3which destroyed a Targe stable atBowie race track early Friday. Anexploding lamp caused the blaze, itwas stated.The Calumet stable wTas the heaviest sufferer, losing Moose Head,Caljar, George W. Avery, Fellowshipand four two-year-olas. G. W. Winfrey losWoodwatrJr Jem and Eagle,A New Spring HatFor25 CentsYou can color your straw hatfresh and dainty withCOLORITE!In most every shade, or you cancolor your straw hat to match anew dress.Get a bottle to-day. We haveall colors.Brooks&SnappDrugCo,AutoService !Hauling of All KindsSolicited.Large Motor TruckNo load too big or bulky for us' to handle.Passenger Service!5-Passenger Car ready attimes for Taxi Service inCity or County.allPhones 46415 Main StRATES MODERATE.T. G. MorrisGA Magnificent AssortmentOFAY 7"lOVEi?HighGradeSHOES, OXFORDS, PUMPSFOR EVERY MEMBER OF THE FAMILYAt Prices That You Can Not Possibly Duplicate Elsewhere.A Fortunate Cash Purchase ofHigh Grade FootwearAgain Spells "Good Fortune" for YouCome in sec Fashitn'sLatest and.' yu will btamandat tbt big savings- .L000Sli&&&Shoesand Slippers at Lowest PricesFor Boys, Misses and Children.It Pays ToShop At.....Paris' Greatest Shoe StoreDAN COHEN'S336 MainParis, Ky.Where Beauty and Economy Reignswho died some yers later. Jirl8?3;fc