'- 'ITHE--NEWSm9 :.Ai.. -1 fPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, AUGUST 30, 1918BOURBON'DEATH SUMMONS COMES TO SENATOR OLTiTE JAMES.Senator Ollie M. James, of Kentucky, died at Johns Hopkins Hospital, in Baltimore, Md., Wednesday,of an acute affection of the kidneys.Mrs. James and the Senator's brother,E. H. James, of Louisville, were withhim when the end came at 645o'clock.The Senator rallied recently whenat the hospital for about threemonths. Physicians at first believedhe had a good chance to regain hishealth and an operation was performed. Later his condition becamemore serious and transfusion of bloodwas made on several occasions.The Senaor rallied recently wheninformed of his renomination to theSenate and for a time held his own,but later his condition again becamegrave and he steadily grew weaker.At about two o'clock "Wednesdaymorninghis attendants saw that theend was near and Mrs. James andthe Senator's brother were summoned to the bedside.Funeral services for Senator Jameswill be held at Marion some timeto-day, and immediately thereafterthe Congressional party will leave ona special train, for Louisville and depart from there on the early Chesapeake & Ohio regular train Saturday morning for Washington. Theparty is due to arrive at Washingat 7:15 o'clock Sunday morning.Both houses of Congress adjourned immediately Wednesday upon theannouncement of the death of Senator James.Committees were appointed to accompany the body to Kentucky andto attend the funeral at SenatorJames' old home near Marion, Ky.A brief tribute was paid to thedead Senator by his colleagues andresolutions of regret were adopted.President Wilson, sent a letter toMrs. James, saying the death of theSenator was a great personal loss.1 is laTEE BED CROSS TEA ROOM.The following is an additional listof donors and donations to the RedCross Tea Room which will be openedto the public in the Wilson Biulding,at the corner of Third and Mainstreets, Wednesday: -Mrs. Nellie Highland, flat silver,two tables, two oil stoves; the Business Mens' Club, one dozen chairs,two tables, one rug; Lowry & May,fine new gas range; Mrs. Lou Taylor,55.00; Mrs. William Tarr, one chicken; Mrs. Benj. Woodford, one chicken; the Power Grocery Co., soups,peas, asparagus baked beans, etc.;E. F. Spears & Sons, quantity offlour; Wilmoth Grocery Co., tea andmeal; Paris Milling Co., flour; H.Margolen, potatoes; the BOURBONNEWS, menu cards; Baldwin Bros.,coffee; C. P. Cook & Co., ten poundsof Domino sugar; Lavin & Connell,soap and salt; Logan Howard, Wess-oil; Mrs. L. R. Bramblette, miscellaneous lot of goods; The Fair Store,one dozen plates; Ford & Co., doorsprings, tacks, assrtment of hardware; Yutaki Minakuchi, Jr., andRobert Fra-nk, Jr., their unlimitedservices. 'The ladies in charge of the TeaRoom are very desirous of havingdonations made to their larder andtable equipment of the following articles: Cups and saucers; soup bowls;salad or breakfast plates; large dishpan; cream pitcher; coffee pots; teapots; sauce pans; pie pans; butcherknife; vegetable knife; garbage can;"bread board; bread box; paper napkins; broom; ice pick; lemon squeezer; egg beater; small earthenwarebowls; lard; crackers; cocoa; vinegar; soda; baking powder; syrup;ham or shoulders; tomatoes; apples; butter; eggs; milk; cottagecheese; buttermilk; chickens; jamsand jellies; lemons; canned fruit ofany kind for pies; pimento cheese;stuffed olives; pickles; vanilla;black and red pepper and pod pepper.The Tea Room will be open eachmorning from 8:30 until 12:00. Itis earnestly requested that those intending to make donations of any -ofthe above-mentioned articles pleasesend them before Tuesday, as the formal opening of the Tea Room willtake place on Wednesday.ANDNOW IT BEHOOVESDOVES TO BEWARE.THEcsi r,. . T7ici WarriPn. . topeciai VjrctUlC auu j.- j" " w IT?,,c-1, Tj;r.v. nf Pore anil InilTltV IGame Warden Douglas Thomas, Sr.,have received copies of a letter fromFrankfort calling their attention tothe opening of the dove shootingseason in the State. The open seasonon doves in Kentucky begins on Sep--tember1 and runs until Oct. 15.As the opening day this year fallson Sunday the hunters must wait until Monday, September 2, to start thehunting season. And they must notforget to have their hunting licenseswith them all the time. The bag limitis fifteen doves a day to each hunter.Reports received here indicate thatthe supply of doves is plentiful inthe county. As this is also the openseason on squirrels, July 1 to December 15, the hunter will have an opportunity for getting a mixed lot ofgame for his table.iiuoii uiauuu. ui. tttiwi w ,TO DEMONSTRATE THE STANLEYSTEAMER AUTO.A public demonstration -of theStanley Steamer, one of the most remarkable automobiles now on themarket will be given in front of thecourt house to-morrow afternoon,also on court day. The demonstea- Jtion will be in cnarge ot xux. . x-.Peddicord, of Paris, who has theagency for Bourbon county. Jteadthe display advertisement on anotheruasre.. . - . . . $ 'TageE0RMER MILLERSBURG GIRLDROWNED NEAR ASHLANDWhile bathingan the Little SandyRiver near the falls, about threemiles from Ashland, where she wasa member of a picnic party, Miss Elizabeth Vaught, of Los Angeles, Cali.,formerly of Millersburg, was drowned, when she was carried beyond herdepth. Her uncle, Mr. C. H. Leaman,division freight agent of the C. & O.,at Ashland, was drowned in tryingto save her. There was no witnessesto the unfortunate accident.Miss Vaught was seventeen yearsold. She was a daughter of Rev.J. O. A. Vaught, who was in chargeof the congregation of the Millersburg Methodist church for severalyears, and was a sister of Mr. SteveVaught, of Winchester. She hadbeen spending the summer in Ashland with her aunts, the MissesUhlan. The bodies were recoveredafter a long search and taken toAshland on a special train. Mrs.Lehman, wife of the drowned man,and the Misses Uhlen, the girl'saunts, who were also members ofthe picnic party, were not presentwhen the accident occcurred.Miss Vaught is survived by hermother, Mrs. J. O. A. Vaught, andtwo sisters, Mrs. Dorsey Kay, formerly of Paris, now of Los Angeles,Cali., and Mrs. W. Collins, of Danville, and one brother, Mr. SteveVaught, former newspaper man, ofWinchester.mfeissBOYS OF C0MMUNTY GARDEN TOHAVE HELD DAY.Through the long days of early4spring and the hotter days of thesummer twenty-three Paris boys,picked for their efficiency, or forpossibilities, as gardeners, have labored faithfully in the CommunityWar Gardens in this city. Thework has been carried on under thesupervision of Mrs. Harriet Minaker,Visiting Nurse for the BourbonCounty Health and Welfare League,and has resulted in raising a largeper cent, of garden products of anexcellent quality. From sales of thisproduce the League has benefittedfinancially in a considerable sum.Now that the season is drawingto a close, and the boys will soon betrudging back to school and books,it is proposed to have a field dayfor them, when they may enjoythemselves in sports dear to the boyish heart. The event has beenscheduled for Wednesday, Sept. 3,the weather permitting. The following program has been arranged: 1Seventy-five yard dash; 2 Potatorace; 3 Three-legged race; 4 Watermelon race; 5 Sack race.The boys will also be given a picnic dinner, besides other things calculated to make them spend an enjoyable day. The events will takeplace on the Nippert lot, at the endof Stoner avenue, .near the Paris IceManufacturing Co.' plant.MR. FARMERYour Tobacco is too valuableto risk tither in Fire or WindStorm. Insure against eitheror both withYERKES & PEED,At Farmers & Traders Bank,Both Phones 45.(30aug-6t)DIRECTOR OF HOME SERVICE TOBE HERE T0-M0RR0W.The ladies -of Paris and Bourboncounty, and any others who may beinterested in the Home Service movemeat in this city and county are asked to attend a meeting which will beheld in the Circuit Court room in thecourt house at three o'clock, to-morrowafternoon.At this meeting will be presentMiss Laura Veach, ' of Cincinnati,Acting Director of the Home Serviceof the Cincinnati Red Cross Chapter.Miss Veach has had a large and varied experience in the Home Servicework. She will address the ladies onthe demands and needs of the work.With her large experience, havinghelped in the supervision of numbersof Home Service departments, shewill be able to bring a message ofotinwimsfiment and to ffive theworkers an idea of what is to be done- u, "M-; Voooh cnonr riy wpp.ks orucic "iioo t o.,l. .jv- --. - .mosummer in Montreal, uanaua,with Miss Helen Reid, of the Canadian Patriotic Fund, and will tellj something of the work that has beenaccomplished.-The Community Chorus will takepart in the proceedings and will render an interesting and pleasing program of musical numbers. The members of the Chorus are urged to beat the court house promptly on time.IS fe tsiATTENTION. ODD FELLOWS!All members of Bourbon Lqdge,and all other Odd Fellows who mayhappen to be in the city, are requested to be at the Odd FellowsTemple, corner of Main and Fifthstreets, on next Monday night at7:30 o'clock, to attend an entertainment, and to assist in.jaising the endowment for the Widows' and Orphans' Home.Tirmrhmi "Lodee.has always had thereputation of being first in all goodworks for the good or me uiucithe members should make a grandrally on Monday night, and "go overthe top" in a fina-ncial way. "Therewill be something doing,"' will be another inducement for a large gather-ing of the electAf ft.P rACfiVit meeting of the Imperial Encampment Odd Fellows theoi.tfl mil islI DeCTee was conferredon two candidates, Wolford 'Ewaltand Henry Dickinson. v . ,FUEL ADMINISTRATION WANTSSUNDAY JOYRIDINGSTOPPED.ine.buei Administration has calledupon the public in States east of the;lviibbissippi tiver to cease the usingof all classes of automobiles, with afew named exceDtions. motomvo.lesand motor boats on Sundays untilfurther notice as gasoline conservation measure: Only voluntary compliance with the letter and spirit ofthe request will prevent the issuance of a mandatory order prohibiting the use of gasoline on Sundays,it was declared by the Fuel Administration. Automobiles for hire are included in the curtailment program.Motor vehicles to which the restrictions do not apply were announced as:Tra6tors and motor trucks employed in actual v transportation offreight.Vehicles of physicians used in performance of professional duties.Ambulances, fire apparatus, policepatrol wagons, undertakers' wagonsand conveyances used for funerals.Railway equipment using gasoline.Repair outfits employed by telephone and public service companies.Motor vehicles on errands of necessity in rural communities wheretransportation by steam or electricityis not available.The action was taken by the FuelAdministration, it was stated, tomeet a threatened shortage of gasoline for shipment overseas created byincreased domestic operations inFrance."a la MtSTOLEN AUTO RECOVEREDA Buick touring car alleged tohave been stolen from Mr. Wheeler,president of the Covington PatrioticLeague, was recovered in Paris byDetectives Miley and Higgins, ofCovington. Russell Rose, of Covington, was arrested in Carlisle by thedetectives, charged with stealing thecar.Rose came to Carlisle in the caron a visit to relatives. He broughtthe car to Paris and placed it in alocal garage. The machine was located here, and recovered by the officers, who restored it to the owner.Rose claims that he did not take thecar with criminal intent, but thatanother boy named Bush had persuaded him to take it for a joy ride.He was taken back to Covington fortrial. Rose is twenty-three yearsoia, ana naa no registration cardwith him.TBS IBs BBFOR SALE.Ohio Fultz Seed Wheat, theoughly cleaned.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(30aug-tf)wi m saLEXINGTON TROTTING MEETThe TransylvaniaLexington, Oct. 3.Stake, $5,000,(It)WE KNOW MOWHot Weather?Why, Certainly!But there it no need to suffer when you canpurchase light weight comfortable clothing fromus.Palm Beach Coat and Trousers,Cool Cloth and Mohair Suitsthat will certainly keep you cool these hot, sultry days$13.50 to $25,00Men's Summer Underwear in union suits andtwo-piece garments, extra thin, long lengths and kneelengths, Silk, Pongee, Linen and Nainsooks.Straw Hats and Panamas, $2.00 to $10.00.Low Cut Oxford Shoes, tans and blacks, Nettleton and J. P. Smith makes, $7.00 to $12.00.Do not delay. Buy to-day and be cool and comfortable.MITCHELL &NettletonDr. .Reed's Cushion Sole ShoesSENATE PASSES MANPOWER BILLBY UNANIMOUS VOTE.The man power bill, brineins-!J within the army draft all men from-.18 to 45 years of age, was passed!riuesday afternoon by the Senatewithout a modified work or fightclause.The Senate was recorded unanimously for the bill. Senator Gore,of Oklahoma, who cast the only negative vote on the roll call, withdrewit and was excused from voting.All efforts to change the age limits or to direct separate classification of youths under 21 failed andthe measure now goes to conferencebetween the House and Senate withno difference for serious controversyexcept the work or fight provision.In conference the differences in -thedrafts of the bill as passed by theSenate and enacted Saturday by theHouse by a vote of 336 to 2 are expected to be compromised speedily,and the bill in its final form transmitted to President Wilson for hissignature late this week: Preparations being made by Provost GeneralMarshal Crowder to carry out theprovisions of the measure are expected to insure the registration of allmen within the ages of 18 and 21 and31 and 45 with a week or 10 daysaiier xne irresiaent anauues ms signature. SEE PAGE 7 FOR BIG AD. OF PATRIOTIC MERCHANTSAbout 45 patriotic Paris merchantshave purchased page 7 of to-day'sand Tuesday's issue of THE BOURBON NEWS for the purpose of notifying the public and their patronsthat they mean to co-operate withthe Government in regard to savinglabor and man-power for the Government in the way of conserving in thematter of delivery of goods, discontinuance of sending goods on approval, requiring a cash deposit onpurchases, making only one deliverya day, etc. The public is urgentlyrequested to co-operate with thesemerchants who are doing all in theirpower to help win the war.Go to your store and pay CASHfor your merchandise and take yourbundles home with you. Don't askunreasonable things of your merchant help him to do what UncleSam has REQUIRED him to do.Our solicitor was unable to seeall the merchants in Paris yesterday,but those who were missed and wanttheir names to appear in the advertisement next issue will please bringthem in.- . ' FARM FOR RENT.See advertisement in another column of the farm for rent belongingto W. E. Hibler. The place contains556 acres and is located near Ewalt'sCross Roads. If interested, addressMr. W. E. Hibler, 312 E. HighSt., Lexington, Ky. (6-tf)IllmIIIBLAKEMOREShoesIIKimIN THE SERVICE OF THEIRCOUNTRY.Among soldier visitors in Paris,Wednesday, was Sergt. ClarencePaynter, who is on detached servicewith the Aircraft Production Boardin Washington, D. C. Sergt. Paynte'r,who has an extensive family connection in Central Kentucky, is on afurlough visit to relatives in Paris,Winchester and Carlisle.Mr. Ben B. Kenney, formerly ofParis, where he will he remembered,and now of Lexington, although pastthe draft age, enlisted some monthsago in the army service. Mr. Kenney was greatly gratified Wednesday to receive orders to report at thetraining camp at Camp Jackson,Jacksonville, Fla., for duty in the Remount Corps at that place. Mr. Kenney is a cousin of Dr. Wm. Kenney,of Paris.Having been pronounced "physically disqualified" by the army medical examiners at Camp ZacharyTaylor, three Bourbon county coloredmen, Walter Mack, Charles Berryand Russell Allen returned to Paris,Tuesday. The three men left Parislas't Saturday with the twenty-threedraftees from the county. The finalexamination at the Camp resulted intheir being sent home.THE NEWS has received a postcard from Jack Turney, formerly ofParis, written from Buffalo, N. Y.,stating that he and many otherswere there for a time. They wereenroute to Hoboken, N. J., from Ft.Benj. Harrison, Ind., where they hadbeen stationed since being transferred from Camp Zachary Taylor.Jack was under the impression thattheir transfer to an Eastern portmeant a trip soon on overseas duty.Miss Martha Darnaby, of Winchester, former community nurse forClark county, who went to Englandwith Barrow's Unit, is temporarilynursing in another hospital. In aletter, to friends in Winchester, shestates that she is nursing a Paris,Ky., boy, who seems very pleased tohave a Kentucky" nurse. His" namewas not given in the letter. MissAlpha Nash is in the same hospitalwith Miss Darnaby.Mr. Andy Caywood, brother ofCounty Superintendent of Schools J.B. Caywood, will leave to-morrowfor Camp Gordon, Ga., where he willenter the Central Officers' TrainingSchool. Mr. Caywood volunteered inthe service some weeks ago, but remained at home in order to assist inharvest work. He has two brothersin the service, Dr. E. S. Caywood inthe Medical Corps, now in England,and Robt. L. Caywood, now at CampSherman, near Chillecothe, Ohio.A total of 440 men from Bourboncounty have been sent to date by thelocal Draft Board- Two hundredand twelve of the number werewhite, and 228 colored. These figuresdo not include those who have volunteered in the service. There nowremains 53 registrants in Class 1 ofboth the 1917 and 118 classes. Inthe 1918 registration ninety-sixwhite and nine negroes remain uncalled. Of the 1917 registration buteight whites, and nine colored, remain. Mrs. Jos. W. Connell, of East Paris,received a letter Wednesday from herbrother, Mr. William J. Gorey, ofParis, who is a member of the 21stEngineers at Ft. Benj. Harrison.Mr. Gorey stated that his companyand three others were being preparedfor transfer to an Eastern camp.From the talk he had heard Goreyjudged that they were to be sent toSiberia for service with the American-Japaneseengineers in railroadwork. He said that Wallace Hiblerand Thos. Elder, of Paris, were members of his company.A prominent colored man whowent to the L. & N. passenger station with the contingent of coloredmen that left Paris recently forCamp Taylor, tells the followingwhich he says happened shortly before the train pulled out:"When the men were seated in thecoach ready to leave the station,with the women on the platform crying, one of the men leaned out thewindow, and said to one of the weeping women: 'Now, honey, you nusnup! Don't you cry any more, I'mgoing to Germany to get the Kaiser'sskull and bring it back to you foryou to make you a soup gourd outof it!"Mrs. F. S. Elder, of Paris, received a telegram Wednesday morning from her son, Private EugeneElder, at Leon Springs, Tex., stating.that he had received his commissionin the army. The telegram read:"San Antonio, Tex., Aug. 27.MRS. F. S. ELDER, Paris, Ky.Congratulations are in order. Received my commission as SecondLieutenant to-day. Am sorry I can'tcome home, but am assigned to CampLeavenworth, in Kansas. Will writein a- few days. ."EUGENE."Lieut. Elder volunteered in theacxrvino -while a student at' the Uni-v I versity of Kentucky. He was a memSniber of Co. B., 113th Battalion, U. S.MM Signal Corps, at Camp Shelby, Matviiiesburg, Miss. From there he wassent to. the Officers' Training uampat "Leon Springs, near San Antomio,Texas, where he finished an intensiveLOCAL MAN ACCEPTS PLACE 0WAR CAMP COMMUNITYSERVICE,Mr. John F. Davis, of Paris, received a telegram yesterday from Mr.Thurston Ballard, of Louisville, asking him to accept the position ofunairman of the local Committee ofWar Camp Community Service. MrDavis wired his acceptance of thehonor, and will assume the duttee ofthe position as soon as definite instructions reach him. The telegramreads:"Louisville, Aug. 29:"John F. Davis, Paris, Ky.:"I have been named-State Chairman of the Kentucky Finance Committee for War Camp Community Service by Myron T. Herrlck, Chairmamof the National Finance Committee,,and requested to speedily" form aState organization. The KentuckyState Council of Defense stronglyrecommends your appointment asChairman for Bourbon County. Willyou kindly accept the appointmentto this patriotic service, wiring youracceptance at our expe-nse. The Goteminent has authorized a joint national campaign on November elerenth of Y. M. C. A., Y. W. C. A.,War Camp Community Service aniAmerican Library Association. Further details will be sent you on receipt of your acceptance."THRUSTON BALLARD."SPECIALS IN 0UTXNGs"a5i) GINGHAMS THIS WEEK.You had better buy outings now,35 cents per yard. Also beautifulginghams at 35 cents per yard. Better buy uow, as they will be higher,later on.(27-3t) PARIS RACKET STORE.BOOZE HANDLERS ARRESTEDFive Paris colored men, FrankMussinon, Morris Hutsell, WallerJohnson, Andrew Love and WillieClark, were caught in a raid made onan illegal booze joint operating atthe Ewing Fair. The men were takenin charge by Sheriff Frazee Hart, orFleming county, and taken to theFlemingsburg jail. It was allegedthat they had been retailing boozeat forty cents per drink, and findingplenty of trade for the stuff from thethirsty ones.The cases against th6 men wereheard before Judge Fulton, at Flemingsburg, who fined Love" $100 andgave him fifty days in jail, the fineto be worked out at hard labor if notpaid. The cases against the otherfour were continued.fe feBATHING SUITJS -Bathing Suits from 75c up.TWIN BROTHERS'(aug6-tf ) CLOTHING STORE.course of training, with a SecondLieutenancy as a reward. Well done.good and faithful servant, enter inthe "officers' mess!"A postcard from Mr. Harry Leeds,to his mother, Mrs. George D. Leeds,,in Paris, bore the cheering information that he had arrived safely at &.French port in an army transport.Private Edward Fitzgerald, formerly of Paris, is visiting relativeshere on a furlough. Fitzgerald Isstationed at Camp Shelby, near Hattiesburg, Mississippi.Mr. Frank M. Tinder, Jr., and Mr.Charlton Jones, both of NortfeMiddletown, went to Camp Zachary Taylor Wednesday. The former will enter the Y. M. C. A. war wort at thecamp, while the latter enlisted inthe artillery branch of the service.At Lexington, Wednesday, JameeFarrow, of Vine street, was acceptedby the Medical Advisory Board, forservice in the army. At the sametime three others were disqualified,two jnore qualified, and one held forspecial service. Young Farrow hasbeen in the employ of the Louisville& Nashville at this point.Dan Peed, Jr., and Roy Wetherall,both of Paris, will leave to-morrowfor Paris Island, South Carolina,where they will 'become members ofUncle Sam's Marine Corp3 in training there. Both young men volunteered for the service, enlisting atthe Lexington recruiting station.Both passed highly creditable examinations. Twenty-one young white men leftLexington, Wednesday morning, forCamp Zachary Taylor, where they arenow in the army service. They wereplaced in charge of Mr. Wayne Cottingham, formerly of Paris, who wasappointed Captain. Mr. Cottinghamrecently left the service of the Lexington Leader, on which he was a"star" reporter, in order to volunteer for service in the army.A letter to Mr. Wm. Lyons, whoresides near Paris on the Clintonvillepike from his son, Private JohnLyons states that he i3 - now ia.France. Lyons stated that he isabout two hundred' miles from thefront, and that the country As, beautiful around their camp. He said thatthe American people are certainlydoing a good work for the soldiers,as they are well fedr clothed andwell taken care of.Lyons, who is now in Co. B. ofthe 165th Infantry, enlisted her aatwas a member of the Co. B., of tfcold Second Kentucky regiment, waMwas stationed in Paris guardlic-rafl-roadproperty in tie outbreak of tkwar.- hVu!. .,tr-vx"OMSK TWOFRIDAY, AUGUST JO, ISIS. 1THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.W BOURBON NEWS,fcied 188136 Years of Colitinnouf PublicationjyUished Every Tuesday and FridayOtar Year. .$2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Aaayance. -WFT CHAMP, EdIUr and Owntr.Amj erroneous reflection upon the-MMcxcter, standing or reputation ot'ky person firm or corporation which.waHLjr appear in the columns of THE-vOURBON NEWS will be gladly cor-TSMt9d if brought to attention of the-oiADVERTISING RATESjJSfeplay Advertisements, $1.00 perrtv5mcjk for first time; 50 cents per inch.'iwfcoh subsequent insertion.'Vf mSading Notices, 10 cents per line&&xx issue; reading notices in blackt$r, 20 cents per line, each issue.Ccc&s of thanks, calls on candi-'itinn. obituaries and resolutions, and. -vb Jar matter, 10 cents per line.? - Special rates for large advertise.omsKts ajl yearly contracts.'" l&e right of publisher is reserved;vecline any advertisement or other'matter for publication.Announcements for political officeso&BOBt invariably be accompanied by&& ctsh..v.f - -This paper has enlisted- jmththe government in thecaose of America for theeriod of the warYfrEDITOEIAL MUSINGS.'.j The Triumph In Industry.There is no denying the fact that' Ulik is a great shortage of labor4-.aiuroughout the country, and in order' d Jfcetter regulate conditions thev -"Soremment has instituted its Employment Service, and already there'f Ik&ve been good results. Secretary" cnf Xa"bor Wilson in speaking of theGtennan propaganda among the la-boring classes said that if the phi. Pr&X5Bhy of sabotage and striking uponr-t- 'iSkB job -had been tolerated it would? - luwre.resulted in decreased production- . cand a. lowering of the standard ofirlsTing Of those who were actually doing 'the physical labor. The Secre--taxyhas pointed out the fact that- ttfee most efficient laborer is the. znerican wageworker, who "pro--jEloeesmore than any other wageororker, in the world, notwithstand&axxg the much advertised efficiency of1 sSfoe German workmen.". 'Xabor has put: Its "head on thev;sobr-headed I. W. 'W. doctrine,3&bor has taken the best out of theallcsophies of the Non-ParisianIfeagne and similar institutions, and, '2s consigned the rest of the doc-1-trine,and the exploiters to thev . , tgscrap ' heap.vn?&Seefo;r&&eaded Employers and em-"fpEpiptoyers and employees haver timphed-and it is clear that". Haeaeefortlr the existing differences"3flfHl be settled" by -amicable methodsat,'the Government" "has supplied.vjTfee glorious -vindication that Dei. jpiocracy is achieving in France isjTJkewise winning its victories in theftTCMfastrial establishments of the. United' States.'Until ThenV.vrhere'll be no '-"business as usual"Tsmtil the German hordes are licked.. it .' ?Thoroughly licked behind the lines-J.ts well as in the trenches. Licked- "sontil their hellishness appears as."-arile, as hidious, as damnable to them-sats it does to the civilized world onr "which they are now only a cancer-r-t ous excrescence, like a wart on thev T$baek of a man's hand.I. "Then, and not until then, can the-woTld of business take off the khaki,sand return to the peaceful prosecution of trade. But even then (andwe make no mistake) it will not bethe same old world we used to know.X 5St will be a world purified by fire,-cleansed by privations, made better'1y' the sacrifices that our boys, even-.rar Bourbon county 'boys, and thosevtof the Allies, are making, by theWomen who are backing up the men,vt nd by the stay-at-homes. A clean,Tair, honest world of "business, atiast.-""" Could you be a -pacifist after.seeing the terrible scenes of GermanA x brutality and deviltry 'depicted on"'"-the .screen in the "Beast of Berlin"j'"Ttf.l the theatre last Tuesday night?".',' ;We do" "not want and will not have4lskace of any kind until these mux-i-$erous or(5e5 and their rulers are"thoroughly licked." Sentimental Tor An Hour." stf:Krr: M.i'Zitt1 l "" I used this jcemejkr himself with.equal. to .his .mother, in - this; city, he told iy gratifying results.' ''? lfaltaJnonfrthethngsr''There -'-.; (adv-aug)isn't a thing that we can't get here.All freQxn&l$ letters1 from home,'aridentUhemvbadIyi?r 'How5othat listen to the "folksliack homeV' No'wt'jusi siffldown,take you pen or pencil in hand orpull up your typewriter into position,and write a letter, a good interesting,newsy letter to the boy you know hasbeen called into the service. Supposeit does take up an hour of your "valuable time." What is that comparedto the satisfaction that letter willgive to the boys in the camps or inthe trenches? An hour for themtraded for the hours and days andweeks and months and perhaps yearsthey are giving for you.In a strange land, among strangepeople, doing strange work, a letterfrom home must seem like a breathof the old life. It isn't much to youit's a lot for them. Try it, do itnow. Perhaps it will be the mostworth-while hour you have everspent. Why not send out regularlya letter to every member of yourorganization who has joined the colors. At least write regularly to thatone who is nearest and dearest toyou.The Least We Can Do.Here's an extract from a letterwritten by a, Cincinnati business manto a friend of his in Paris (Ky.) Heis a well-to-do man and knows hisbusiness from start to finish. Healso knows that patriotism and loyalty to-day are standing by the Government, no matter what the cost:"We are having a tremendoustrade just now. Everything sellsfaster than we can get it in, and naturally at better profits than formerlyThe United States will get the bigend of our profits, but Uncle Samneeds them more now than at anytime in history. So, we are ready tomeet the unexpected and there's nokick coming from this house."How many firms do you know whoare doing just as this one is? MoreI than are getting their noses to theirwork and refusing to see the necessity of standing behind the Government, we'll -wager. It is indeed a sadcase of holding up the President andall he represents or being held upand slaughtered financially and physically by the Huns. And we are surethe business men of Paris, Ky., arenot very strong in favor o the latterhappening. (.You Know It!At first he was a pacifistA spineless jelly-fish, that's all;He "wouldn't fight" (slap on thewrist! )Because he heard the "Gentle Call"But he was drafted. And to-dayHe's frothing mad; a frenziedFritzGot at him, out in No-Man's Land,And, speaking mildly, gave himfits.Blood's in his eye, his anger'skeen !I'd hate to be the square-head HunWho gets that boy's "slam on th'bean!"te fe 153RED CROSS APPEALS PORTRENCH POOT SLIPPERS ,fTo the Women of Bourbon County:In our quota for September 1, inRed Cross work, is a request for 500trench foot slippers (250 pairs.)These slippers should be made ofvelvet, velveteene, corduroy or heavycloth. They are then lined with outing flannel.It is impossible for us to buy thenecessaxy material and we tire askingthe patriotic women of the countyto send us any garments or piecesthey have no use for, to be used inthis, way. An old pair of clothtrousers, or U'coat, can be cut intoseveral parts, as the slippers can bepieced. "We published an appeal some daysago, but the response was so smallwe have less than 50 slippers made.Are we to fail in this, as we havedone in nothing else? We have beenproud of our record up to this time.May it always remain untarnished.If any friend desires to buy aremnant or piece of new material tosend in, it requires two-thirds of ayard of 27 inch goods to make onepair.Send all material to the Red Crossrooms, at the Court House, in Paris.If it is more convenient for ladiesout in the country,, materials may besent to Mrs. Annabelle Wallace, orMrs. D. C. Xisle,. at Leesburg; MissFlorence Hopkins, at Little Rock;Mrs. Letcher Weathers, at Clintonville, and Mrs. Jno. Collins, at NorthMiddletown.BOURBON RED CROSS CHAPTER,(tf)CURE POR DYSENTERY."While I was in Ashland, Kansas,a gentleman overheard me speakingof Chamberlain's Colic and DiarrhoeaRemedy," writes William Whitelaw,of Des Moines, Iowa. "He told mein detail of what it had done for hisfamily, but more especially hisdaughter who was lying at the pointof death with a violent attack ofdysentery, and had been given up bythe family physician. Some of hisneighbors advised him" to give Chamberlain's Colic and Diarrhoea Remedy, "which he did, and fully believesthat by doing so saved the life of hischild. -He stated that he had alsoPEDERAL JUDGE.PASSES 0N.AL--ncrniftswrrwo w oFir -cooh:.u'29.4That jgWngTf sshaa; ifjfhtfto cprtairfree speech; ,if lessarytpassjlawswhich will enable this'country ta winthe war, was the declaration of JudgeA. M. J. Cochran, of the UnitedStates Court for the Eastern, DistrictJStateS OOUrt iut tue .iaaoi;iru. ifioui-n-uof Kentucky, in overruling a demur-tt to an indictment aeainafc C. BSchoberg, a South Covington shoemerchant, inhich the -latter wascharged in thirty-two counts withviolating the espionage law.Schoberg and six other citizens ofSouth Covington were arrested . Julya Kxr Tfontnn r.ountv officials following evidence secured by the Citizens'means of a dictagraph installed inFormer United States District A. T IT T"fc1 ftorney snerman lviarnerson, representing Schoberg, filed a demurrer tothe indictment on the ground that theamendment to the espionage law, aspassed May 16, was unconstitutionalin that it interfered with the right offree speech and a free press. Attorney McPherson asserted that themere utterance oi an opinion doesnot constitute a crime, and that itmust be shown that such privateopinion obstructs this country in theprosecution of the war.Attorney Stanley Bowdle, of Cincinnati, who represents C. H. Wagner,one of the seven defendants, presented authorities tending to uphold thecontention of Attorney McPherson.He argued that Congress cannot passlaws that will interfere with freespeech under any circumstances.District Attorney Thomas Slatterydeclared that Congress can enact legislation to meet war conditions andthat freedom of speech is not involvedin this case. He produced authoritiesto establish his contentions.Judge Cochran, in overruling thedemurrer, declared that he did notbelieve freedom of speech was involved in this case and that Congress has power to pass any legislation that will assist in the winning ofthe war. He said that the questionmight arise whether the mere speaking of words has a tendency to obstruct this country in its war work,or if such words might tend to favorGermany in this war or to influenceothers."This is the first case under thisindictment since the passage of theamendment that has come before me,and we must blaze the way," said thecourt. "Jurors questioned, who are members of the Citizens' Patriotic League,were challenged by counsel for thedefense.Prior to the calling of the Schoberpcase J. C. Masten, of Bethel, O., formerly a resident of South Covin ftonand one of the defendants, in a written statement, which was read by thecourt, changed his plea of not guiltyto guilty. Judge Cochran said hewould have the statement read inopen court when sentence was passod.Attorney McFherson, for the defense,objected to the reading of the statement before the prospective jurors.C he courtroom was filled to .overflowing and the cases are beingwatched with keen interest throughout the State.The jury was selected late Mondayand is as follows: William Roberts,Nicholas County: Beecher Joyce,Trimble County; Clarence Taylor,Pendleton Count; John Roland, Pendleton County; Robert Ellis, CarrolCounty; J. C. Burwell, Mason County; Thomas Mitchell, Mason County;Elmer Elliston, Kenton County;Charles Woods, Bracken County; EM. Downing, Kenton County; B. F.Butler, Trimble County; Scott Stephenson, Mason County.Following the Schoberg trial thesix other defendants will be tried.i 3 feiCATARRHAL DEAFNESS CANNOTBE CUREDBy local applications, as they cannotreach the diseased portion of the ear.There is only one way to cure catarrhal deafness, 'and that Is by aconstitutional remedy. Catarrhaldeafness is caused by an inflamedcondition of the mucous lining of theEustachian Tube. When this" tubeis inflamed 'you have ' a nimblingsound or imperfect hearing, andwhen it is entirely closed, deafnessis the result. Unless the inflammation can be reduced and this tube restored to its normal condition, hearing will be destroyed forever. Manycases of deafness are "caused by catarrh, which is an inflamed conditionof the mucous surfaces. Hall's Catarrh Medicine acts through theblood on the mucous surfaces of thesystem.We will give One Hundred Dollarsfor any case of Catarrhal Deafnessthat cannot be cured by Hall's Catarrh Medicine. Circulars free. AllDruggists, 75c.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio,(adv-aug)1 te TMOST VALUABLE CITIZENS.Thomas Jefferson said: "Cultivators of the earth are the most valuable citizensr "They are the most vigorous, the most Independent, themost virtuous; and they are tied totheir country and wedded to its liberty and interests by'the most lastingbonds."te mBlames It on Teeth.According to a Paris physician, pramature baldness is due to some troublswith the"; teeth; ':' wA BILIOUS ATTACK.When you have a bilious attackyour liver fails to perforpi its functions. You become constipated. Thefood you eatferments in your stomach and eauses nausea, vomiting anda 'terrible headache. Take three ofChamberlain's Tablets. They willtone up your liver, clean out; yurstomach and you will sodnlbejasVeUas ever. They only' cost a .quarter.'(adv-aug)MOTHERHOODdune to this Woman jiffer""r7 . " T"V-- -'- Taking Lydia E. Pinkham'f'Vegetable CompoundsRestore Her HealthEllen3burg, Wash. "After X wasmarried I was not well for a long timeand a good deal ofthe time was notable to go about.Our greatest desirewas to have a childin our home and oneday my husbandcame back fromtown with a bottleof Lydia E. Pinkham's VegetableCompound andwanted me to try it.It brought relieffrom mv troubles.I improved in health so I could do myhousework , we now have a little one, allof which I owe to Lydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound." Mrs. O. S.Johnson, R. No. 3, Ellensburg, Wash.There are women eyerywhere wholong for children in their homes yet aredenied this happiness on account ofsome functional disorder which in mostcases would readily yield to Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.Such women should not give up hopeuntil they have given this wonderfulmedicine a trial, and for special advicewrite Lydia E.' PinkhanvMedicine Co.,Lynn, Mass. The result of 40 yearsexperience is' at your service.SOME OP THE BITS YOUR T.TR.ERTY BOND WILL DOIf you buy a $100 bond of theFourth Liberty Loan you are lendingthe United States Governmentenough money to feed a soldier inFrance a little more than sevenmonths. Or you have furnishedenough money to give him a complete outfit of winter and summerclothing, including shoes and stockings, and slicker and overcoat andblankets, with enough left over toarm him with a good revolver. Youhave done that much to beat backthe Hun.It takes $35 more to arm him witha rifle with a bayonet on it, and ifyou buy a second ?100 bond youfurnish him this rifle and 1,000cartridges for it; and there will stillbe enough of your money left to purchase a good-sized bomb to throw ina dugout, or demolish a machinegun, together with the Huns operating it.FOR SALENice pony and cart for sale. Alsoa pony colt. Call at the Alamo boxoffice. (23-3t)C C i tMaster's SaleBOURBON CIRCUIT COURTMARY FRANCES LAUGHLIN, ETC.,ON PETITION.NOTICE OP SALEThe undersigned Master Commissioner of the Bourbon Circuit Coirtwill, at the Court House door inParis, Kentucky, onSaturday,Sept. 141918about the hour of 11 a. m., expose topublic, sale the following tract ofland as a whole with the improvements thereon, to-wit:A tract of land situated " inBourbon County, Ky., containing23.06 acres and known as tractNo.-1 in the division of the landsof Anna E. Smith, bounded as follows: Beginning at a stone inMargaret Coulthard's line at P, acorner to No. 2; thence N 14 E7.77 chains to B, an iron pin, acorner to said Coulthard; thence13 E 11.04 chains to C, an ironpin, a corner to said Coulthard;thence N 67 7-8 E 13.03 chainsto D, a post corner to LawrenceVanHook; then S Z W 22.68chains to a stone corner to No. 2in a line of Wm. Isgrig's heirs;thence with a line of No. 2 S 85E. 10.42 chains to the beginning,and there is also conveyed hereina right of passage over tract No.2, leading from the property herein conveyed, to the dirt road nearthe Eastern side of No. 2, togetherwith the passway therein described. 'TERMS Said land will be soldupon credits of six and twelvemonths for equal parts of the purchase money, the purchaser to execute bonds bearing interest fromdate of sale at the rate of 6 perannum; two bonds for equal amountsdue in six and twelve months to bemade payable to Martha Laughlinfor her portion 'of the purchasemoney, two to Leonard B. Laughlin'for his portion, and two to 'MarthaLaughlin, as guardian 6f MaryFrances Laughlfrfrtor her portion,and as per terms and provisions ofthe Order of Sale herein.O. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner Bourbon CircuitV ' ' -$vV ,vs - N V 'TCourt. , -,(aug23-30-sept6). -.. P:. Cmj.mi nn:.iiossTwwirm3rm i"b,m Sutherland Private SchoolwilL, on n Monday, SeptemberJi2ndlf 'Number of pupils limited.LOSTGold breastpin, with amethyst setting. ..Valued as an Jieirloonu Lostsomewhere in Paris. Suitable rewardfor return to this office or toMRS. CASSELL REDMON,(27-2t) Route 4, Paris, Ky.WANTED- rRegistered drug clerk, with references. Address,THE FAYETTE DRUG CO.,16-4t) Lexington, Ky.For Rent.Modern cottage of six rooms;bath; gas; electric lights; garage;next to Twelfth and High streets.DR. F. P. CAMPBELL,Paris, Ky.Cumberland Phone 142.(28-tf)Farm For Rent.My farm of 556 acres, nearEwalt's Cross Roads, in Bourboncounty. Privilege to seed thl3 fall.None but perfectly reliable partiesneed apply. 'Money rent.W. E. HD3LER,312 E. High Street,(6-tf) c Lexington, Ky.For Rent.Nice Main street flat in secondstory. Has all modern improvement. Call on or address,MRS. MARIA LYONS,(2-tf) 918 Main St., Paris, Ky.IRONWe pay highest prices for ironjunk, hides and wool.MUNICH & WDDES & CO.,Eighth SJt., Paris, Ky.,Cumb. Phone 374.(23-tf)Civi! Service Examinations.Government Civil Service Examinations in Kentucky, August and September. Government Clerk, Railway'Mail, Teacher, Immigrant Inspector,Typewriter, Research Clerk. Experience unnecessary. Men and womendesiring government positions writefor free particulars, J. C. Leonard(former Civil Service Examiner),460 Kenois Building, Washington.(16-4t)Are You Deaf?If you are unable to hear or-dinary-conTersation, call at' myomce ana letme demonstrate tne' &l n 3 .ACOUSTICONone of the beat electric hearinginstruments on" the market -itahday. . ,.3Dr. Wm. Riley FranklinSuite 205-6 First National Bank,Both Phones, Paris, Ky.Wanted Junk.We pay the following prices forjunk, which we guarantee the bestprices to be obtained anywhere inthe State. Send us your shipments:Rags, $3.60 per hundred pounds.Mixed Iron, $1.00 per hundredpounds.Wrought Iron, $1.10 per hundredpounds.Heavy Cast, $1.10 per hundredpounds.Bones, $1.20 per hundred pounds.Heavy Copper, 23c per pound.'Light Copper, 21c per pound.Mixed Heavy Brass, 21c per pound.LightJBrass, 12c per pound.. Lead6c per pound. '-:Zincf 5c per pound. lAluminum, 24c per pound.Boots and Shoes,-7 c per pound.Trimmed Arties, 5c- per pound.' 'Inner Tubes, lie per pound.Green Salt Hides, 18c per pound.Green Hides, 16c per pound. f, jCaltekins, 27,c per, pound.Horse Hides, $6.50 -for No. l's.Lambskins, $2.00.Full Wooled Sheepskins, $3.00..YShearlings $1.50.'All-F. O. B." Lexington.we aiso 'purchase old and ne.leathers, tor which we pay th high-csih ynue. oeuu ua samples. ,r,. , - . . PETER fc SON, r-Nv.- Leximrton, Ky.EHZA1ETH I. GDVnnttPiaao ami Vitlii,Stadia' 227 Seventk Street.Term Opens September 2, 1918.PABIS, KY.(13aug-lmo)mer.i" l Ivr- aClearanceSale!nSilk BlousesValues up to $5.00Special$3.49PARASOLS, values. up to $2.00 98cHATS 50cPUMPS ANDOXFORDS... $1,99Silk Skirts'Values up to $10.00Special$4.95Twin Bros.Department StoreMain and 7th Paris, Ky.MARGOLEN'SAH FruitsVegetablesFishand Meats"Vare kept inside our store inseparate refrigeratorseverything screened and freefrom dust and flies.Buy where edibles arekept in a sanitary manJier. Our. service isprompt.MftRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketWHEN YOU BUYYOU WANT YOURMONEY'S WORTH !" c-.I'mifVhaan froornifc "imewo imnortant to you than, cheap fans; because tne xans-are paiu ior uuthe .breeze continuaDy.tflWipii$t fanshive proved" their ability to givethp'Tflrtat. hiwr -fnrhp lpaat expenditure;- and for this reasonare, money savers.r -l - ;r- 4 -, r.--7 f4-1"-aaue Jut ,fc,,?-.FRIDAY, AUGUST 30, 1918.TBI BOURBON NEWS, F AWS. ft!-T?MEBSMrtJ"" -re. -' --,-,i' 'W'VIjSxg rrrr: -fwii Hl'lf -i'h!o"J LETTERS FROM BOURBON COUNTYSOLDIERS ANDSAltOIppp:SHSMHHHHHHHHHHHHHHOur peoe are always interested j do his duty to the last notch, and wedo not want to return until the Hunsare whipped to a standstill, and allof their wrongdoings avenged ....With kindest regards to all, I am,"Very Truly Yours,"J. FORD FITHIAN."ptie1mllMImMIl mtentionr'for UndeSairfs country-"'1" w&a &uuu viutus'j-Ofr Tiie, &nawnen tne time comes tl wotftybe ableto get there quick eriough Oh,yes, on July 14th in passing throughanother city where an American aviation camp is located we ran rightinto a parade of American aviatorsheaded by an actual American band.When our truck train pulled up theband struck up a tune, the first bandmusic I have heard since leaving theStates. It made me feel just a littlebit blue, but I'd have been satisfiedto stay blue all day if we could onlyhave stopped and listened .to itThe French joined the Americans incelebrating the Fourth over here,and the Americans did likewise withthe French in celebrating the Fourteenth, the French people's big day.The American, flag was very much inevidence everywhere .... It does mereal good to hear from all the folks.I don't believe there is anything thatI appreciate over here more thangetting a letter from home. The onlydifficulty is in answering all the letters I receive. . . .Well, the Americantroops are taking a big hand in thedoings over here, and the reportsfrom the front for the last few daysare certainly cheerful and encouraging. . . .1 have not as yet seen anyof the Paris boys, nor in fact, anyone that I knew, and I have seenthousands of American soldiers, too..... No danger of my getting tooFrenchy. . I don't care to adopt theFrenchy habit at all, and am perfectly willing to stand by the goodold American ways. But, speakingof wooden shoes and French kids Iwouldn't mind bringing one of thelatter back with me, but I'll bedarned if I can figure out how Icould support it. I could supportthe wooden shoes all right, but I amafraid that the kid would be out ofluck. . . .With love and best wishesto all, I am,"Affectionately,"PRVTE. LEO J. GROSCHE,"Co. D., 416th R. R. Tel. Bn. S. C,Amer Expedtry Force.". qtttc nf rmr hnvs whn arA inin intr - .,the army and navy, as all interest isnow centering in the war and thoseiho are in it. From different pointsof the compass come the followingletters, which have been handed toTHE NEWS for publication.James Monson, formerly of Paris,writes to Mr. Joe Sullivan as follows. For obvious reasons the .placefrom which the letter was written isnot given:2 "August 23.-Dear Brother Joe: I want firstto ask your pardon for neglecting towrite to you. I myself am glad tooet the time to write to you. Now,f don't get to receive but one letterto-day and once every month I get acnance to write, and I thought youvould like to hear from me This; great work we are doing in thejjavr. This makes five times acrossforrne and am getting along fine.We had a big battle going over onour last trip. It lasted twenty-fourlours, day and night. We sunk twosubmarines and crippled two othersvithout any damage to our ownboat. It was a steady running fightall the time, but we won. The crewwas worn out when wTe got toFrance It would be interestinglor you to go on a trip with me, as1 am an old salt now. . . .1 hope thislerrible war will end soon, as it isawful to see people killed in droves.But it is the only cure for those German butchers, and believe me, theyare certainly getting what they de-perve Believe me, when a depthhomb is dropped on those eufes youcan see le&s rivets, steel plates and Jall kinds 01 inings going up in meair and back in the water. . . .Don't.-rita tnn mnrtv 1pftre fi v mail isnot reachable all the time. With love1 am,"Yours Truly,"JAMES MONSON,"U S. S. Siboney, care Postmaster, ;New York.Under date of July 31, PrivateJames L. Parker, of Paris, writesfrom France, to his mother, Mrs.George Parker, of this city, as follows: "Dear Mother: I am writing thisletter to let you know that I havearrived safely in France. I havebeen here for some time, but I havebeen so busy or I would have writtento you sooner.... We are having agood time over here, and we are expecting to be back in the UnitedStates before very long.... I amsending you a bunch of cards assouvenirs of France. This is a pretty place, sure .... We had some timecoming across the Atlantic. We sailed right close to the shores of OldIreland and Scotland for, a while,and finally landed at a, port in England. So, you see, I have been goingsome for a while I guess you readin the papers that the Americans arepushing the Germans back furtherevery day. They are doing that andmore, too. .. .Everybody treats usfine over here, and we are having agood time. I don't want you toworry about me, for I am gettingalong all right. There are thousandsof Americans overe here for the samepurpose, and we will be back soon.I am in a fine organization. Well, Iwill have to close now. Write to mereal soon. Address me as follows:."PVTE. JAMES L. PARKER,Care jll6th Field Signal Battalion..Amer. Expedtry Force."Private Louis Grosche, formerlyof Paris, now in the service as amember of the Railway Signal Service, in France, writes to -hisbrothers, Jos. J. Grosche and Wm.Grosche, of Paris, as follows:"Somewhere In France, July 22."near Folks: Again I am "some-"Camp Lee, Va., Aug., 23.pm -nttcwS! This is to advise. - , - i -. 2 . 1. -v 4-v -c i 3 .Av kl A.-jt 4-- -myI V 4-V avou mat i nave again, ueen. """-. Wnere anu. veiy viuac tu wucic wisferred, this time to Co. C, First Pro- big show is now going on. Closevisional Guard and Special Duty , enough, in fact, to hear the big gunsTraining Battalion 155th Depot ; booming and see the flashes at night.Brigade I am enclosing under j Believe me, it's some rumble, too,separate cover a copy of 'The Bay-. when those big guns let loose whenonet,' a weekly paper published in averything has been so quiet for athis camp, in which you will find while.... And aeroplanes, there issome interesting articles During almost a continuous line of themmy stay here I have been receivingl passing here every day. Just to-dayTHE NEWS regularly, and it has a saw several big flocks of planes.been greatly enjoyed. I not only no not believe it will be very Jongens 1n Europe, but as yet I Jiare notKseen very many of them that ''wouldcompare with our American girlsNow, there goes the doctor and thenurse, coming my way, so I will haveto close for the present. With thebest of wishes, I am,"Very Truly Yours,VKING CULBERTSON,"U. S. Army Base Hospital 117, A.P. 0. 758, France."fe fe feA f y,AMERICANS SAVED PAEISDuring debate on the Man-PowerBill in the House, RepresentativeOlney, of Massachusetts, declaredthat as a result of the allied retreatbefore the last German drive on theMarne two allied Generals werecourt-martialed and another committed suicide. British and Frenchofiicers concede, he said, that 10,000 American Marines flanked byfour regiments of American regulars, saved Paris by refusing to retire at Belleau Wood before a dozenor fifteen Prussian regiments.m mNEW KIND OP CALOMEL SAFEAND DELIGHTFUL.The new kind of calomel, knownas Calotabs, retains all of the goodmedicinal virtues of the old styleCalomel, yet is entirely purified fromall of the nauseating, disagreeableand dangerous qualities. You can,therefore, eat what you please andgo where you please, with no loss oftime from from your work.One Calotab at bedtime, with aswallow of water that's all. Nextmorning you awake feeling fine, yourliver cleansed, your system purifiedand with a hearty appetite for breakfast. Calotabs are sold only in original, sealed packages, price thirtyfive cents. Your druggist recommends them and will refund yourmoney if you are not delighted.(adv)oof Hip inr.nl news, but also readwith great interest the news of theboys 'In The Service.' I think thatone the best departments in the paper. I am glad to know that mostof my friends have answered 'Herewhen their names have been called;but Paris, like any other town justnow, has some 'slackers in it.understand that Mai. Richardbefore we will be right up wherethings are happening Arrived atmy present location about a weekago after about a 250-mile trucktrip. The more I see of France themore beautiful it appears to me.From the looks of the fields up to asfar as we have gone it is hard for aJ.nerson to realize that there is a warTal in this eountrv. Bumper crops, anymo.!- oni xr-ifhan "RnvlpsR Jr.. are . ..mrm nf whpfit nnd what's more.both here in this camp, but I have 1 the fields and gardens are kept innot seen them yet. As far as I i tip-top shape On our trip here weknow we are the only Bourbon boys passed through one city that wasin the camp I will write you atsimpiy beautiful, witn streets, duuqgreater leugtn own. lcsaiuma , mgs, eiv., auouiuwij w,"camp, and I am sure that those wehave left behind will feel that theGovernment is doing everything posFible for the boys, most of whom arecontented I will close by sayingthat each one of us is determined toMoat ofthe cities we have seen in Franceare run down, due to the war, butthis place was an exception. Nowdon't get it into your head that I ambecoming daffy about France andlikely to settle down here. No suchill!Individual Instruction Received ByStudents of Fugazzi SchoolInsures Their SuccessSo says Miss Ada Banahan in a letter to Miss Fugazzi,which we are publishing in full below, as it is typical ofthe letters we are receiving all the time from our formerStudents.June 25, 1917.Miss Irene Fugazzi,Fugazzi School of Business,Lexington, Ky.Dear Miss Fugazzi:Just a few lines to express to you my apprepreciation of what you and your excellent schoolhave done for me.I am holding a fine position which you helpedme secure and feel that it was your thorough,conscientious training that made me capable ofholding it. The individual instruction and, personal attention which you give your students insure their success. I shall always be glad torecommend your school to anyone who desiresto become really efficient.Yours very sincerely,ADA BANAHAN.If you have average ability we can do for you whatwe did for Miss Banahan.WE COURT A THOROUGH INVESIGATION. SPECIALCOACHING GIVEN FOR.CIVILSERVCE CANDIDATES.Send For Free Catalogue.Our catalogue giving full details andv cost of tuitionis just off the press. Send or call for your copy it isfree for trip askincrDay or Night Classes Special Summer rates now ineffect for the Full Business Course. 'For further information write, phone or call at theschool.Fugazzi School of BusinessMif Irene Fugazzi, Principal. Efficiency is Our Watchword.117 N. Upper St. Opp. Court House Lexington, Ky. ,From Camp Mills, Long Island,New York, where he is a member ofthe Depot Brigade, Private John A.McNamara, writes to his parents, Mr.and Mrs. James McNamara, Sr., inthis city, as follows:"August 22."Dear Folks: How are you allthis fine day? I am in the very bestof health. I think we will be leaving here in a very short while, possibly a week or so. I certainly willhate to leave this place, as all thepeople have been awfully nice to ussoldiers. Twenty of us went out tocall on Teddy Roosevelt yesterday afternoon, and took lunch with him.It was out at his summer home atOyster Bay, about eighteen milesback from Long Island. I'll tell youTeddv is a brick, sure enough. Justas soon as I told Mrs. Roosevelt whatState I was from she had to take meout to sea the horses. It looks likeshe took a great liking to me aswell as to the other boys from Kentucky. After lunch she took me outto the stables and had the boys bringnut Teddy's saddle horses. After thatthe boys went with us down to theBay, where we saw the men fishingand dredging for oysters. It was certainly some fine trip. When we gotready to leave Mrs. Roosevelt gaveeach one of us a package of cigarettes from Teddy's private stock andwith his compliments, wished us allgood luck in the world. Shesaid that she had two boys in theservice, on this side eager for achance to go over and do their bittoward ridding the world of theHuns. She said that if she had another son, and he should turn out tobe a slacker, he would have his neckbroken before morning. I thinkTeddy is o-ne of the finest men I haveever met Well, as it is gettinglate, I will have to close for thistime. Hope to hear from you realsoon. With my best regards to all,I am,"Yours Lovingly,"JOHN A. McNAMARA,"Co. F., 50th Infantry, Camp Mills,Long Island, N. Y."NONE SO POOR AS TO DOREVERENCE.HIMThe other day as he passed Maysville, William Jennings Bryan gotoff the train and peramulated theplatform expecting doubtless to berecognized and given the glad acclaim that was his on all occasions !Ilsifvw Q&vr ToIja 7Wi-nFor building up weak, nervous, run-down people, doctors resuWlmmiron. Ie is the greatest blood purifier and strengthener knonrn.taken in, proper quantities, it builds, up the body like nothing elseBut many of the iron preparations .before the public contain too IftUiron; many of them contain from 10 to 25 per cent, of alcohol, and iTthoi counteracts the efficiency of the iron.Acid Iron Mineralis free from the presence of alcohol. It is obtained from the only mtiJTcinal iron mineral deposit of its kind known to the world; a pure, nataraliron product, free from the drug of the chemist and the "dope" of th&iflEt 'maker.In addition to three forms of natural iron Acid Iron Mineral contir -magnesium,potassium, sodium and calcium, medical properties w&t&s tyour doctor prescribes for indigestion, dyspepsia, constipation, a? ?many ailments arising from a disordered stomach. As a general tonic M? tcomes closest to the ideal, making rich, pure blood? and toning up the 9f -ternand weak organs to normal.Be sure you get Acid Iron Mineral; ask for it by name. Look fortlLeA-I-M trade mark, it is your guarantee of a pure, concentrated, efficieeconomic iron product. At all reliable druggists or the Ferrodine Cherical Corp., Roanoke, Va., ?1 per bottle prepaid. (adv-F-tVFOR SALE BY BROOKS & SNAPP.in the past, but no one seemed torecognize him, or care if he did, andcrestfallen he returned to the coach.Alas, and alack. How the mightyhave fallen. When he resigned asSecretary of State, because he disagreed with the President on the advisability of going to war with thenation that had sunk our ships andviolated every right of a neutralcountry, he signed his own deathwarrant, and now there be' few whodo him honor.It was a wise farmer who said:"It's a lot cheaper to keep up fertility than it is to bring up fertility."GOVERNOR APPOINTS DMJ&Z -GATESTO NEW Y0RKMEETIH& vGovernor A. O. Stanley nasraipointed the following delegates t&rrepresent the State of Kentucky arthe annual convention of the Iatarnational Association of Fisfe &aaW 'Game Commissions, to be held in-Nem-York,September 12 and 13: ThaHenry Clay, Jr., of Paris; Ricnax. "A. Chiles, of Mt Sterling; ThomafcW. Thomas, of Bowling Grsen; .Alonzo Trigg, of Glasgow.fe FaCanada has two industrial con. -cernsemploying more than 5,085men.ddo. W. DAVISFUNERAL directorMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, K'Oily Big Circus This YearPARIS2 PerformancesSATURDAYr at,fflR.vr. .IKV',1z.M'mS'"jWjKIS&sHflHFrom the shores of Lake Michigan, near where he is in camp as amember of Uncle Sam's big bunch of'soon-to-be-sailors James Templin,formerly of Paris, writes to a member of THE NEWS staff as follows:"I am at last safely ancnorea atthe Great Lakes Naval Training Station and am delighted with my newlife. We are well fed and well takencare of. With the kind of boys wehave here, and knowing full wellthat God, justice and right are onour side, all the Kaisers and CrownPrinces and Von Hindenbergfa andall the rest of that diabolical bunch,either on earth or in the other regions, can't stop us from winning.My address for the present is CampFarragut, Co., 514, Barracks 931,Great Lakes, 111. Good luck: to allthe force and to every body else savethe Kaiser."Yours,"JAMES W. TEMPLIN."roii'iidinn e'ASArHi7ZysN.&.s ;?w! tin,, i. ..-mn,'-:TTTT1From a base hospital in Paris,France, Mr. King 'Culbertson, ofParis, Ky., who went overseas sometime ago with a detachment of theAmerican Expeditionary Force,writes to a young lady friend in thiscity, under date of August 2:"I am at present in Paris, France.I have just come from the front. Iam not wounded, but am sick andshaken up. They call it shell-shockin the army. I am in the Base Hospital, and am receiving the very bestof treatment. Still, I would like tobe in Paris, Ky., for several reasons,the principal one being one that youcan easily guess .... I have not heardfrom you since I have been in France.I have been moved around so much,first one place and then another.That is the way it is for the soldiers.... .1 am sure there is some mailfor me "somewhere at some place inFrance, and you can just imaginehow glad I will be to get it. I amnot wounded, but the doctprs say itis the result of shell-shock . . . .Franceis certainly a very pretty country,but it cannot in any way comparewith our dear old Bluegrass regionof Xentucky. At least, I don't thinkso. . . .It is said that France is thehome of some of the prettiest maid-wiHiaHImKV.iil&mmmmMnHRraPERFECT SPECIMENS OF THEEARTH'S MOST CURIOUS CREATURESGATHERED TOGETHER INTO ONEIMMENSE MffeNAGERIE-rHTiSTHE" CHAMPIONS-OF ALXCOUNTRIES COMPETE IN FEATSOF. DARING AND .GRACE..THE PRINCELY SALARIES PAID BY THISMAMMOTH ENTERPRISE HAVE fiOilcl ALLEUROPE OF THEIR MOST VALUABLE ARTISTS.MALE AND FEMALE" RIDERS,AERIAL ARTISTS, LEAPERS,TUMBLERS. GYMNASTS ANDSENSATIONAL OEATH-DEFYIHG FEATSOF SKILL AND DARING BY BOTHMALEAHO FEMALE PERFORMERS-A.B16 TROUPE OF HIGH-SCHOOL HORSES,.THE WORLD'S BEST'GROUP OF EDUGATED SEALS AND SEA LIONS,AN IMMENSEHerd of WONDERFULLY TRAINED ELEPHANTS,Two Groups of Forest-Bred JAN-KILLING LIONSPERFORMING IN 6REAT STEEL INCLOSURES.' 11 A'iilIH iiT.KiHV CfcO14-nNsTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, IT. "fJAIIOIIi, i nu i iiIBS!'FRIDAY, AUGUST 30, lilt.An OrdinanceConcerning $20,000Sewer Bonds DatedSept. 1, 1918.Office of Mayor, Paris, Ky.,:- ' Aug. 27, 1918.The Board of Council of the Cityof Paris, do Ordain:SECTION -1. That the SewerBonds of the City of Paris, authorized and directed to he issued by ordinance passed July 16, 1918, andthe coupons to be thereto attached,"be substantially in- the followingforms: .(FORM OF BOND)UNITED-STATES OF AMERICASTATE OF KENTUCKY, COUNTYOF BOURBON,CITY OF PARISSEWER BONDSNo ' $500KNOW ALL MEN BY THESEPRESENTS, That the City of Paris, inthe County of Bourbon, and State ofKentucky, hereby acknowledges itselfto owe and for value received promises to pay to the bearer the sum ofFive Hundred Dollars (?500) lawfulmoney of the United States on theFirst day of November, 19 , withinterest thereon at the rate of five(5) per cent, per annum, from thedate hereof until paid, payable Maylf 1919, and semi-annually thereafter on the First day of May and ofNovember in each year upon presentation and surrender of the interestcoupons hereto attached as they severally become due. This bond and theinterest thereon accruing is payableat Bank of America, City of New3Tork, New York. And for theprompt payment of this bond, bothprincipal and interest at maturity,and for the levy of taxes sufficient forfor the levy of taxes sufficient forthat purpose, the full faith, creditand resources 'of said City are herebyirrevocably pledged.This bond is issued by said Cityfor the purpose of providing fundsfor building and constructing a sewer, beginning at Stoner Avenue andrunning through the eastern part ofsaid City to Twentieth Street andSouth Main Street, pursuant to andin all respects in compliance withan act of the General Assembly of theState of Kentucky entitled, "An ActFor the Government of Cities of theFourth Class," approved June 28,1-893, as now amended, and all otherlaws of said State pertinent thereunto, and ordinances of the CityCouncil of said City properly passedand published; and pursuant to thevotes of more than two-thirds of thevoters of said City voting at anelection duly called and held for thatpurpose.It is hereby certified and recitedthat all acts, conditions and thingsrequired by law to be or to be doneprecedent to and in the issuance ofthis bond, have been properly done,have happened and been performed inue form and time, that provisionlias been made for the collection ofan annual t&7i sufficient to pay theinterest hereon and to create a sinking fund for the payment of theprincipal upon maturity hereof, andthat the indebtedness of said City,including this bond, does not exceedany limitation imposed by law.IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF. TheCity of Paris, by its Board of Council,has caused this bond to be signed byits Mayor and countersigned by itsCity Clerk, and its corporate seal tohe hereto affixed, and the interestcoupons hereto attached to be executed with the lithographed fac simile signatures of said officers, whohereby ratify and adopt said lithographed fac simile signatures as andfor their own proper signatures, allthis First day of September, 1918.E. B. JANUARY,Mayor.Countersigned:J. -W. HAYDEN,City Clerk.SEED WHEAT CLfANED.We are prepared to cleanwheat for seed. If an engagement is made, the teamthat brings in the wheat cantake it back recleaned.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO!(till-sept-l)provide for the collection of an annual tax sufficient to pay the interest on said bonds as it falls due, andto create a sinking fund for the payment of the principal thereof on maturity, there, be and there is herebylevied on all the taxable propertywithin said City of Paris in eachyear while any of said bonds areoutstanding, a direct annual taxsufficient for that purpose, and thatthere be and there is" hereby leviedupon all the taxable property withinsaid City, the following direct annual taxes, to-wit:No.On(FORM OF COUPON)?the First day of19 .... , the City of Paris, BourbonCounty, Kentucky, will pay to"bearer 1 . '. , Dollars, atBank of America, New York City,New York, for interest due that dayon its Sewer Bonds, dated September1, 1918, No, E. B. "JANUARY,Mayor.J. W. HAYDEN,City Clerk.For the year 1918 a tax sufficientto raise the sum of $1,666.72, forinterest accruing May 1, 1919, November 1, 1919, and May 1, 1920.For the year 1919 a tax sufficientto raise the sum of $ 1,9 7 5, being1,000 for sinking fund and $975 forinterest accruing November 1, 1920,and May 1, 1921.For the year 1920 a tax sufficientto raise the sum of $1,925, being$1,000 for sinking fund and $925for interest accruing November 1,1921, and May 1, 1922.For the year 1921 a tax sufficientto raise the sum of $1,875, being$1,000 for sinking fund and $875for interest accruing November 1,1922, and May 1, 1923.For the year 1922 a tax sufficientto raise the sum of $1,825, being$1,000 for sinking fund and $825for interest accruing November 1,1923, and May 1, 1924.For the year 1923 a tax sufficientto raise the sum of $1,775, being$1,000 for sinking fund and $775for interest accruing November 1,1924, and May 1, 1925.For the year 1924 a tax sufficientto raise the sum of $1,725, being$1,000 for sinking fund and $725for interest accruing November 1,1925, and May 1, 1926.For the year 1925 a tax sufficientto raise the sum of $1,675, being$1,000 for sinking fund and $675for interest accruing November 1,1926, and May 1, 1927.For the year 1926 a tax sufficientto raise the sum of $1,625, being$1,000 for sinking fund and $625for interest accruing November 1,1927, and May 1, 1928.For the year 1927 a tax sufficientto raise the sum of $1,575, being$1,000 for sinking fund and $575for interest accruing November 1,1928, and May 1, 1929.For the year 1928 a tax sufficientto raise the sum of $1,525, being$1,000 for sinking fund and $525fori, interest accruing November 1,1929, and May 1, 1930.For the year 1929 a tax sufficientto raise the sum of $1,475, being$1,000 for sinking fund and $475for interest accruing November 1,1930, and May 1, 1931.For the year 1930 a tax sufficientto raise the sum of $1,425, being$1,000 for sinking fund and $425for interest accruing Nevember 1,1931, and May 1, 1932.For the year 1931 a tax sufficientto raise the sum of $1,375, being$1,000 for sinking fund and $375for interest accruing November 1,1932, and May 1, 1933.For the year 1932 a tax sufficientto raise the sum of $1,325, being$1,00(P for sinking fund and $329for interest accruing November 1,1933, and May 1, 1934.For the year 1933 a tax sufficientto raise the sum of $1,275, being$1,000 for sinking fund and $275for interest accruing November 1,1934, and May 1, 1935.For the year 1934 a tax sufficientto raise the sum of $1,225, being$1,000 for sinking fund and $225for interest accruing November 1,1935, and May 1, 1936.For the year 1935 a tax sufficientto raise the sum of $1,175, being$1,000 for sinking fund and $175for interest accruing November 1,1936, and May 1, 1937.For the year 1936 a tax sufficientto raise the sum of $1,125, being$1,000 for sinking fund and $125for interest accruing November 1,1937, and May 1, 1938.For the year 1937 a tax sufficientto raise the sum of $1,075, being$1,000 for sinking fund and $75 forinterest accruing November 1, 1938,and May 1, 1939.For the year 1938 a tax sufficientto raise the sum of $1,025, being$1,000 for sinking fund and $25 forinterest accruing November 1, 1939.That interest accruing May 1,1919, and November 1, 1919, bepaid from the general fund of saidCity, and that said fund be reimbursed in a lilte amount out of theproceeds of the taxes hereby leviedfor the year 1918, when the sameshall be received. ySPAKKSi CIECUS TO BE IN PAHISSEPT. 7Sparks' World's Famous Shows willhold forth in this city for a matineeand night exhibition, Saturday, Sept.7, and the rare, unique and wonder-'ful things that have been promisedon paper will become a reality.The airy riders who, in diaphanousskirts have been pirouetting on theexpansive backs of beautiful andspeedy circus horses (on the billboards) will be seen in the gorgeousness of tulle and seductive smile; theelephants will copy their pictureda6ts of comedy and go them one better; the contortionist will proceedto disentangle himself from the knotshe has tied in his responsive bodylast year; the acrobatic families willturn dizzy somersalts and the clownswill work on their latest comedystunts to the great delight of thecrowds present we all like theclowns.There is nothing on earth like thecircus. It is tTfe people's show parexcellence. It is the one great American amusement that appeals to allthe people.The merit in a big circus like theSparks Show is in the fact that everything in the show is the very best ofits kind. There must inevitably beriding acts, but the riders are theleaders of their profession. Theremust be acrobats, but the acrobaticartists and aerists are gatheredfrom the wide world, and are the bestthat money can procure.It is the superiority in the qualityof the performers that makes theSparks Shows such a welcome visitor.B-4 FIREInsure withW.O. HINTON &SON,AgtsBURNING FILM CAUSES PANICIN MOVIE HOUSE.The burning of a few feet of filmin Liberty Theatre, at Mt. Sterling,Tuesday night, caused a near-panicamong -the people gathered to 'seethe picture show. Small damage wasdone by the flames, but the peoplecrowded to the small exit of thetheatre when the flames appearedand struggled to get out. Theywere quieted before any one was injured. IS SISFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan."Ki ra "PaTWO HUES AT VERSAILLESThe fire department was calledtwice Tuesday afternoon to fires inthe large hemp barn of Cleveland &Company on North Main street, inVersailles. The first call came about1 o'clock. The second fire was caused from the sparks of the first. Thebuilding was saved. The loss has notyet been estimated.COMING ATTRACTIONS AT PARISGRAND AND ALAMO.To-day, Friday, Aug. 30 CharlesRay, in "The Claws of The Hun," astrong war picture; second episode of"Hands Up," "The Missing Prince,"featuring Ruth Roland and GeorgeChesebro.To-morrow, Saturday, Aug. 31.Tom Mix, in "Western Blood," astrong rival of Wm. S. Hart; alsoFoxfilm Comedy, "Hearts and Saddles."Monday, Sept. 2.V Ann PenningtonNan;" also Sennett-Paramount Com(a bunch of sunshine) in "Sunshineedy, "Her Screen Idol."JNOTICE, TAX PAYERS.Your time is growing veryshort. Come to our office inthe Court House and brine usyour property lists. It will saveyou the penalty.WALTER CLARK,Tax Commissioners for BourbonCounty.JNO. J. REDIYION, Deputy.(aug23-tf)53 ?3l E3CIRCUS; HOLIDAY; REGISTRATION ALL ON SAME DAY.SECTION 2. Said bonds shall besigned on behalf of said City by theMayor and -countersigned by the CityClerk thereof, with the seal of theCity affixed thereto, the interest coupons thereto attached to be signed-with the lithographed fac simile signatures of said officers.SECTION 3. That in . order toSECTION 4. That. the contract ofsale of said bonds heretofore enteredinto with Harris Trust and SavingsBank, Chicago, Illinois, at a pricenot less than the par value thereof,be and the same is hereby ratifiedand approved, and the Treasurer ishereby directed to deliver said bondsto said bank immediately upon execution thereof as herein provided,and upon receipt of "the purchaseprice. vSECTION 5. That this ordinancebe in fullforee and effect upon itspassage, approval and publication.E. B. JANUARY,Mayor.Attest: , "T J. W. HAYDEN,,Gity Clerk.Saturday, September 7, promises tobe an exceedingly lively day in Paris.On that day most of the Jewish merchants will have a holiday, it being the annual recurrence of theirnational day, the Jewish New Year.On the same day, the weather permitting, Sparks' Circus will pitch itstents in Paris for an afternoon andevening performance, not to mentionthe "perade" and the side shows.The same day will witness the registration of men between the ages of18 to 45, subject to call in the selective service for the army and navy.And all on the same day.REAL ESTATE DEALS.Tracy & Stokely, real estate men,of Winchester, as agents for Mr. F.A. Estes, sold Tuesday his farm onthe Austerlitz pike, near Clintonville, in this county, to Mr. GeorgeB. Williams, of Winchester, for$26,600, or $140 per acre. Mr. Williams bought the place as an investment. Auctioneer M. F. Kenney sold yesterday for Miss Lula Ashurst, executrix of the estate of her deceasedfather, Mr. Lloyd Ashurst, the framecottage at the corner of Cypress andBoone streets, to Mr. W. F. Turner,for $3,850.Mr. White McCauley, of Harrisoncounty, has purchased of Mrs. Wvnd-liam Joyce her farm vof 155 acres,located on the Clay and Kiser pike,in this county, for $30,000.Mr. Charles D. Wilson, of nearShawhan, has purchased of Mr. "IraParks, of Paris, a farm containing129 acres, located near Mt. Carmel,in this county, for $195 per acre.A farm of 152 acres, located on theParis and Cynthiana pike, in thiscoun,ty, was sold this w,eek by Mr. O.R. Venable to Mr. W. M. Goodwin,,of- Cynthiana, for -a price not givenout for publication. -CENTENARY DAY IN KENTUCKYCONFERENCE METHODISTCHURCH, SOUTH.One of the most interesting features of the Kentucky Conference of'the Methodist Episcopal Church,South, which convenes September 4,at Cynthiana, Ky., will be "Centenary Day," which will be observedSeptember 5th. Bishop Collins Denny,of Richmond, Va., will preside.Among the speakers who will present the Centenary program will beDr. E. H. Rawlings, Dr. J. J. Stoweand Mrs. R. W. MacDonnell, of Nashville, Tenn., and Miss Belle H. Bennett, of Richmond, Ky., President ofthe Woman's Missionary Council.The subjects to be discussed onCentenary Day will be "World Reconstruction After the War," "God'sCall to the Church in a World's Crisis,". "The Church's Opportunity toGet Out of Littleness Into Bigness."Bishop Denny will be one of the principal speakers. A leading laymanwill discuss "Can We Put It Over,"and a stereopticon lecture will showthe needs of the mission fields.This year's annual conference session promises to be one of the mostinteresting and important in the history of the organization, and whilethe Centenary Movement is alreadywell known to the members of theConference, great interest will bearoused by the coming of these specialists who are highly trained inmissionary activities.fe fe STO ADMINISTER ESTATEIn the County Court Judge Geo.Batterton appointed Mrs. Dora Parker as administrix of the estate of herdeceased husband, Neal, Parker.T TS TaHOT WEATHER BARGAINS.Men's $14.00 Palm Beach Suits reduced to $8.75.TWIN BROTHERS'(aug6-tf) CLOTHING STORE.fe fe feBIRTHS.To the wife of Mr. Seth Faulconer, of near Old Union, a daughter.WANTED.Old Paper 'waned this week.Call,MUNICH & WIDES,Eighth Street.(It) Cum. Phone 374.FOR RENT.Four-room cottage on Harmonavenue. Gas for lighting and heating. Water in kitchen. Large lot.Apply toMISS CORDIE OWSLEY,(30-3t) 1533 South High St.FRANK CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSForFridayandSaturdayAnyMUSLINWASH WAISTIn the HousePFRANK & CO.THE FORD GARAGETo PassMr. R. C.On Bank Row, Paris, Ky.Under New Management ofRuggles After September 1stHaving recently acquired more land in Bourbon countyI have been compelled to give up my business in Paris in orderto devote my entire time to my agricultural interests. Therefore I have this day sold toMR. R. C. RUGGLESOF CINCINNATI, OHIOformer sales manager of the Ford Motor Company in Cincinnati,the business of the. Ford Garage, on Bank Row, in Paris.Mr. Ruggles is an experienced automobile man, havingspent more than six years in the service of the Ford Motor Co.,and is a practical and thorough business man.sAMr. Ruggles will assume charge of the FordGarage, in Paris, after September 1st, and formerpatrons of my place and the public in general areassured of prompt and efficient treatment at the handsof the new proprietor.IRA PARKS & SONi'..Hy-.'Sjp.v. ?rW'Myi- - --VFRIDAY, AUGUST 30, ISIS.28'9fOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEFOR SALE.Ohio Fultz Seed Wheat, thor-CU8as?s.1rent&bro.(30aug-tf). TS TS PaHED CROSS TO EESUME THEIRSEPTEMBER WOBK.The Surgical Dressing Rooms ofRed Cross Chapter will again bennened on Tuesdays and Fridays, for2f resumption of the Septemberork AH the workers are asked t0akeanoteoMhisCONTINUOUS PERFORMANCEAt the recent meeting of BourbonLod-e No. 23, I. O. O. F., Judge E.3 January was selected as a delete to the meeting of the GrandKd'e Odd Fellows, which will convene0 in Mayfield on Oct. 8. This istentv-sixth successive year thatMavor January has been honoredwith this appointment. Other deletes from the lodge are James M.Teraplin, Homer D. Shy, W. H. Hall,Lrence Price, Chas. W. Fothergilland James T. Doty.isfelsBETTER THAN LARD OR BUTTER,SERV-US SHORTENING BEST2erv-Us Shortening is better thamLard or Butter for all cooking purse It keeps pure and sweet without ice in the hottest weather.It costs much less than lard andoes almost twice as far.Order it from your grocer to-day.THE POWER GROCERY CO.,(It) Wholesale Distributors.INSURE YOUR TOBACCO.Insnre your tobacco in thebarn against fire, wind-storm,etc. We settle quick.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.(30aug-tf)SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.toLUNATICO INQUIRENBO PROCEEDINGS. In the County Court yesterday afternoon a judicial inquiry was madeas to the mental condition of Mrs.John Cain, wife of the former Superntendent of Streets of this city.The defendant was not present mcourt, affidavits from examining physicians being to the effect that hercondition was such as to preclude it.Affidavits were presented from thephysicians specifying Mrs. Cam tobe of unsound mind, and that it wasbest she should be put under nominal restraint. The jury returned averdict in accordance with the trendcf the affidavits. Mrs. Cain's affliction, according to these affidavits,-a as mainly due to a continued use ofheadache powders and other forms of-arcotics, taken for medical purposes. She was ordered placed underproper restraints.13 m mCLOSED SATURDAY, SEPT. 7. jOur store will be closed on Saturday, Sept. 7, on account of that daybeing a Jewish holiday.(It) J. ELVOVE.m TS 3POEMER PARIS STAR TO PLAYP Ui WUitLUb SiiiULCiO.Catcher Walter Mayer, who will beRell and favorably remembered byParis baseball "fans" as the starcatcher for the Paris team in the oldBlue Grass League, will have a partn the world's championship series.Mayer is now a member of the BostonAmerican team, which will contendaith the Chicago White Sox of theNational League, for the championship. The series will start at Chicagorn Wednesday, Sept. 4. Mayer willhe on. the receiving end for the Bos'cns, according to dope received hereby the fans who have-been keepingIn touch with affairs in baseballdom.In the series the winners' part tothe players will be ?2,000 each, andto the losers $1,400 each.It has long been Mayers' ambition4c be a world's championship player,nd now that it is about to gratified,is hundreds of friends in the BlueGrass section will be found pullingcr the Boston team for success.jsa m PsDOINGS IN POLICE COURTIn Judge Martin's Court HowardJackson, colored, was given a fine ofH.50 on a charge of being drunk."ouglas Caswell.' white, who hadloeen given a susrended sentence, was'Put to work on the city's contracjbnDuncan avenue.Four colored men, Cicero Hill, JoeJ-axton, George Williams and JoeBilly Ayres, were arrested on vagrancy charges under the "work-or-cght"provisions, and were presentedJn the Police Court. Each man wasSiven a jail sentence of ten days at-ard labor, and were placed at workJ0 the asphalt work being done onDuncan avenue. Ayers was finedJ12.50 in addition to the jail sentence.Strict orders haye been given toit ??lice to enforce the "work-or-Sht" law, against men and women,nether white or colored, who doJJl furnish satisfactory evidence thattu?y have work to do, and are do-Capt. Lucieri Beckner, of Wincheser, was a visitor in Paris, Tuesday. Mr. Isaac L. Price, of Price &Co., is in Chicago on a business mission.,.Mrs. Wallace Hill has returnedher home in Covinerton. after nvisit to relatives in this city.Mrs. Swiney Ray, and her guest,Mrs. Sallie Johnson Forman, of Mobile, Ala., left Wednesday for a stayat Atlantic City.Mr. and Mrs. Sam Clay andchildren, James E. Clay and MaryElizabeth Clay, have returned froma visit in Cincinnati.Mr. and Mrs. Chas. Blount, ofHamilton, Ohio, are guests of Mrs.Blount's parents, Mr. and Mrs. Geo.Paynter, on Henderson street.Mrs. Sam T. Neely and daughter, Miss Elizabeth, of Cape Girardeau, Mo., are the pleasant guests oftheir relative, Mr. W. R. .Blakemore.Mrs. John J. Bronston, formerlyMiss Nan Wilson, and her daughter,Miss Julia Bronston, of Jacksonville,Florida, are guests of Mrs. E. F.Clay, Jr., near Paris.Rev. Father -James L. Gorey returned Wednesday to his home inCovington, after a visit to his brother, Mr. Edward H. Gorey, and family,and other relatives in this city.Misses Sallie and MargaretComack left yesterday morning for amonth's vacation in the East. Theywill visit relatives and friends inNew York City and Providence,Rhode Island.Mrs. Charles I. Embry, who hasbeen a guest of her daughter, Mrs.N. A. Moore, left Tuesday for a visitto relatives in Hendersonville, N. C,before returning to her home inUmatilla, Fla.Mt. Sterling Advocate: "Lieut.Fielding Rogers, of Paris, visitedrelatives here the past week .... Julian Adair, of Millersburg, has returned to his home after spendingseveral days here."Danville Messenger: "Little MissMary Glenn McCord is the guest ofDr. Strothers' family in Paris forseveral days, .s .Mr. B. G. Fox spentMonday in Paris on business. . . .Mr.Garland Fisher, of Millersburg, is thegues of Mr. and Mrs. Mitchell Taylor." The Walton, Ky., Advertiser,says: "Chas. T. Best, of Paris, Ivy.,spent the fore part of the week herewith his family, who are visiting hiswifes parents, Mr. and Mrs. H. C.Diers. He attended the Carthage(Ohio) Fair last weetf' and showedtwo fine horses he is handling andbrought home several strings."Miss Elsie Heller, of Paris, atpresent Counsellor at a girls' campon Iona Island, New York, has beenmade Field Student Secretary of theY. W. C. A. National Training Schoolfor the South Atlantic field. MissHeller has been assigned to work withthe large universities in Virginia,South Carolina, Georgia and Florida.She will have her headquarters atRichmond, Va. During the summerMiss Heller has been a student atthe Training School in New York.She will leave New York in a fewdays to take up her work.Miss Gertrude Bramel will leavenext week for New Liberty, Ky., toresume her place as teacher in theGraded School at that place. Shewas" guest of honor recently at anentertainment given at the home ofher parents, Mr. and Mrs. H. P.Bramel, near Paris. Dancing wasenjoyed by a large number of guests,and refreshments were served. Theguests for the evening were: MissesAnna Cason, of Covington; Lena,Mary and Bess Bramel, of Lexington; Hazel Jackson, Jane Leach,Mallie Mann, Bessie King and ZomaMeade, of Paris; Irene Ryles, ofJacksonville; Alma Hicks, LucillePlunckett, Frances and Ada Bramel;Messrs. Sterling King, Dewey Jackson, Frank Fookes, Porter Hicks,Travis Jackson, Robert Plunckett,George Hicks, Pleasye Sams, LeonardOliver, Clay Leach, Willie Hicks,Fookes, Wm. Leach and BrackPlunckett and babe, Mr. and Mrs.Ranson Plunckett.(Other Personals on Page 6)THE BOURBON NEWS, TAWS, KY.COUNCIL APPROVES AND ADOPTSBOND SALE ORDINANCE.At a special meeting of the CityCouncil, held in the office of MayorE. B. January, in the First NationalBank Building, Tuesday night, theordinance drawn up by the HarrisTrust and Savings Bank, of Chicago,was approved and adopted withouta dissenting vote. Those presentwere Mayor E. B. January, presiding,and Councilmen Christman, Doyle,Kiser, Merringer, Veatcb: and Nichols. The Harris Trust and SavingsBank recently was awarded theissue of ? 2 0,0 00 one-to-twenty-yearfive per cent, sewer bonds for thebuilding of an addition to the sewersystem of this city. The Councilagreed to make a levy from year toyear in such sums to pay bonds andinterest as they become due. Themotion to approve and adopt "the ordinance was made by CouncilmanDoyle and seconded by CouncilmanChristman. The roll call of yeasand nays resulted in a unanimousvote being recorded in favor ofCouncilman Doyle's motion.The ordinance is printed in full inthis issue of THE NEWS on pagefour.1 1 TNOTICE TOHIGH SCHOOL STUDENTS.All students entering the Sophomore Class will please report at theCity School Building to-morrow (Saturday), Aug. 31, at 10:00 a. m., forregistration- and course cards.All Freshmen, and all other students entering the Paris High Schoolfrom other schools will please reportat the same place at 1:00 p. m., forregistration and course cards.LEE KIRKPATRICK,Superintendent.fe isa TsKENTUCKY'S GREAT TROTS.& ''nSV irr,' ' r:Vl ft:.'!4 it JC -r ' - v jftSfew-w-'-'- -?- ?,& &- -V v- r - $.-- yj. - . .-" -" - ''--- V '." - rtBErmm.-?z c '"mmfmm'mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmkmmmmmmmmmmmmmmammmmmmmmmmtmm' " - i v, - ,iWTKBtMkJIMlWPrwiriMrvKrwrcMPrTMtTttK'mmr taiwu mmimai mxiwmx ijm naiMi sex mmiiiii m m m mm m i"Si"j;5SWifci7ClosingOutJENTIRE STOCK!!Special Reductions on the Following: m::2 dX-S v MMKiZ?j "::Lexington, Sept. 30 toKentucky's Great Trots.Oct. 11,(It)The FairSpecial Prices For Saturday and Court DayKENTUCKY'S GREAT RACEEVENT.The Kentucky Futurity, Greatestof Colt Races, will be staged at Lexington, Oct. 1 $14,000.p3 153 153MEN BETWEEN 45 AND 55 TO BEENLISTED.In order that younger men may berelayed for more active positions, enlistment of men between 45 and 55was approved by the war departmentfnr the ordnance department, medical corps and certain branches of thesignal corps. These instructionswent out Tuesday. ,Minor disabilities which, do jiot interfere with the performance of themilitary duties of applicants will bewaived, it was saidpar isWILL CLOSE SATURDAY, SEPT.7, FROM 6 TO 6 O'CLOCK.Our store will be closed on Saturday, September 7, from 6 a. m. to 6n m. on account of that day being aJewish holiday. 4mAlARGOLEN'S SANITARY MEATMARKET. (30-3t)Pure White Enamelled Steel Pudding Pans, worth 35c at 23c each.Fly Traps, 5c each.Fly Paper, lc a sheet.Fly Screens, each 39c.Sanitary Aprons, Sanitary Belts,Rubber Pants, Rubber Bibs, FrenchPowder Puffs, Filet f Doilies.Boys' and Girls' Straw Hats, yourchoice 8c.Sleeve Protectors, made of BlackOilcloth, snap fasteners, per pair 5c.Felt Table Mats, made in Japan,each 5c.Writing Paper in boxes, 24 sheetsand 24 envelopes, all for 10c.Toilet "Paper, 6 rolls for 25c.Mason Fruit Jars, pintsquarts, 75c a dozen.Window Shades, less thanprice, at 50c and 75c each;lengths, and single pieces, from 24to 38 inches wide, 2 to 6 of a kind.CANARY BIRDS, GOOD SINGERS,EACH, $2.50.XiiIijiiiiijiiSuits, CoatsDresses, Dry GoodsNotions, UnderwearHosiery, CorsetsKtfE-Everything in the Stock is Marked to SELL, and selEand SELL QUICKLY. The stock must be CLOSEDOUT ENTIRELY.HARRY SIMONiv.MAIN STREET, PARIS, KY.mrnwwSfji1 m m m mm. m mi eR:-Just Tn ink of This!odd 1 . Br1 HkSI Matting Rugs1DO YOUR BITTo help supply Our Boysin camp with every comfort that they may enjoywhile in camp.No haversack is complete without a genuinesrinit.Another violator of the "work-or-Shflaw, Fred Hall, colored, wasflight before Judge George BatterlQ in fho nMmf-n- prtnrf iinrt fined30 and given thirty days at hardjabor. Hall entered a plea of guiltyw the charge, stating that Ee- had" oeen at work, for three weetcsv WHS cant - tha-fd Pa PS-Quarry in Ejust Paris.county-rockBAINS BREAK DRY SPELLHeavy rains for several days havebroken the drought prevailing inthis section. The rains have greatlyhelped the latev planted corn and tobacco, and will be of great benefitto pasturage, which has been parching under the blistering heat of theAugust sun. The rainmakers havethe thanks of a grateful communityfor the timely aid extended.&ver y?eadu2)ayo"which may be had in any style.ZU "Army Dgbfmay be strapped to the hat bandor belt and is found very convenient in every way.Flash light repairing a specialty. Daugherty Bros.Fifth and MainSee Them in Our WindowNWe are offering big reductionsto close out all Porch and LawnGoods l and All Refrigerators.K.VTHEJ.T.HINTONCO.mMOTOR HEARSEMOTOR INVALID COACHUNDERTAKING'"EITHERPHONE" 36SIXTH AND MAIN STS.ffiKSM.IflfflfiX&&J&& . . . .,- ,THE BOUBBQS W&& &&& JHF'V1?? $FRIDAY, AUGpt tf IttfottJ .YjLETTER - TEIXS tHOTOTOXAft SASAVERTEL LABOR SHORTAGEHow a threatening serious shortage of labor was averted and a bigwheat crop was saved is told in aletter from, the Wichita, Kansas,Board of Commerce. .The letter, acopy of which t was received here byMr. Frame Jr. lowry, unairman 01the Bourbon County Labor ReserveCommittee follows:"In the early spring of the presentyear the problem of harvesting theimmense wheat crop in thsi districtwas one that caused all business menand citizens much concern, as it wasfelt that on account of the greatnumber of boys and men taken bythe Army, and also the ever-increasingdemand for workers in the waressential factories of the East, thatthe rural districts had' been badlydrained of available labor, and itMrs. Everett Peterson has re- was freely predicted that the wheatSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.MrsRichard J.v Sales 'is' a guestof friends in Cincinnati.Mr. Chas. P. Mann, of the ParisRealty Co.r was a recent business visitor in Scott county.Mrs. Fred Link and daughter,Miss Hazel, are attending the Germantown Fair this week.Mr. James Jacoby, wno nas Deenvery ill at his home near Hutchison,is considerably improved.Miss Lina Crowe attended thesessions or me na,uwuu vrUUUjTeachers' Institute this week.Miss Edna Woods has returnedto her home in Covington, after avisit to relatives m tnis cityTires That Stand Up,Theaverage car is called upon this yearto do more work and harder work than everbefore.Loads are bigger. Trips more frequent.More constant service is demanded. Timemust be saved.Now if ever, the car owner must select tireequipment wisely to get the greatest use ofhis car.United States Tires are built up to the job.They have reserve strength and endurance.They have the stuff and workmanship inthem to stand up long after they have paidfor themselves in faithful service.Whether your car is heavy or light, passenger car or truck, there is a type of UnitedStates Tire scientifically made to fit yourneeds,to give you greater freedom from tire,delays,to give extreme mileage at rninimum cost..Consult the United States Sales and ServiceDepot. You will find sound advice andcheerful assistance. It is there for yourconvenience.Ro7lConl' 'Nobby 'Chala' 'Uco' 'Plelo'United States Tiresare Good TiresWe KNOW United States Tires are GOD tires. That's why we sell them.IRA PARKS & SON Paris, Ky.MILLERSBURG HARDWARE CO Millersburg, Ky.J. W- MITCHELL & SON North Middletown, Ky.turned to her home in Maysville, after a visit to Miss Clara .Bacon.Mrs. A. B. Lovell, who is a patient at the Massie Memorial Hospital, is considerably improved.Miss Jessie Link has returnedto her home in Newport, after a visitto her aunt, Mrs. Garland Lovell.Misses Ruby and Mattie Stivershave returned to Lexington after avisit to Paris relatives and friends.Mrs. Owen L. Davis has returnedfrom an extended visit to her mother,Mrs. Belle Brent Alexander, in Louisville. . ,Mrs. R. C. Ruffsles has arrivedJ from Cincinnati to join her husband,who recently purchased tne oraGarage, in this city.. Mrs. J. T. Martin and granddaughters, Misses Elmeta and Elizabeth Douglass,, are visiting Miss LouGlass, near Versailles.Miss Hazel Arnold is a guest ofhot- cistpr Mrs. Earl Smith, nearSimpsonville, Shelby county, and attending the Shelbyville Fair.Mr. James H. Haggard, who hasbeen seriously ill for several days athis home on Cypress street, is reported as being somewhat improved.Misses Helen and Phyllis Nipperthave returned to their home in St.Petersburg, Fla., after a visit to relatives in Paris and in the county.Mrs. Frank Skillman and herguest, Mrs. Agnes Morgan, of Covington, have returned from a visitto Miss Ella Johnson, in Midway.Mrs. John Moran has returnedfrom a visit to her sister, Mrs. FrankB. Goodman, Mr. Goodman, andyoung "Goodie," at Peru, Indiana.Mrs. Homer Hornback and MissRuby Prather have returned to theirhomes near this city, after a visitto Miss Marie Hornback, of Shelbyville. Mr. and Mrs. J. Matt Hedges, ofLexington, are guests of friends andrelatives in this city and county.Mr. Hedges is a former resident ofParis.Misses Ellen Lilly and NettiePullen, who have been guests for thepast several weeks of fiiends and relatives in this city, have returned totheir home in Shelbyville.Stanford Interior-Journal: "Mr.and Mrs. L. M. Westerfield and children, of Paris, have been with Mr.and Mrs. M. D. Elmore. They foundMr. Elmore somewhat improved."Miss Mary Kenney has returnedto her home in this city from theGood Samaritan Hospital, in Lexington, where she has been a patientfollowing an operation performedsome time ago.cron would never be harvested."The Employment Service of theUnited States Department of Labortook charge of the labor situation inKansas and opened several ofhces mthe early spring months of this year,with the result that we are gratifiedto-day to be able to say that everybushel of wheat that was grown hasbeen properly harvested and thatthrashing is well under way throughout the entire State."We consider this the mostphenomenal accomplishment in viewof the shortage of labor that is tooeasily apparent and on account ofthe fact that the entire wheat cropof the State matured at one time."While we have made every effortto co-operate with the EmploymentService, we feel that without theirefficient manner of handling the situation our conditions would to-day beserious, and I am instructed "topromise you the further co-operationin every manner, shape, and form ofthis organization in all of the efforts of the Employment Service."This letter expresses the sentimentsof the business people of this city.Gi fe E3AWARDS MADE IN BOYS' PIGCLUB SHOW.NAION-WTDE PROHIBITION LOOMING THROUGH CONGERSSWASHINGTON, Aug. 29. Nationwide "bone dry" prohibition, effective July 1, 1919, and continuing during the war, at least, looms as astrong probability through compromise negotiations in Congress.An agreement for passage of legislation to stop sales of all intoxicating beverages on that date, leaders ofboth wet and dry factions in theSenate stated Monday night seemedto be' in sight. President Wilson wasrepresented as not opposing the legislation and Senators believed theHouse would accept the proposal under negotiation. A definite "gentlemen's agreement" in the Senateis expected within a few days.The war-time prohibition bill pending in the Senate came up for consideration Monday under the unanimous consent agreement madeseveral weeks ago giving it right ofway until disposed of, but was temporarily displaced while the SenateProceeded with the Manpower Bill,'hen leaders supporting and fightingthe prohibition legislation proceededwith corridor and cloakroom discussions on the compromise.As it now stands the bill wouldston sale of intoxicants January 1". m . fc 1 i TTT1At .rresiaent wnsons suggesCYNTHIANA TO ENTERTAIN ANNUAL METHODIST CONFERENCEThe Boys' Pig Show held atNorth Middletown, Saturday afternoon, attracted a large crowd andcreated much interest. It was givenunder the auspices 5f the North Middletown Commercial Club, and theprizes were contributed by the Club.The pigs were farrowed on or after March 1.In the Berkshire ring the $15 prizewas awarded Everett Hall, son ofMrs. Bruce Hall, of Paris, and hesold his pig to Logan Bryan for $75.The premium of $15 for best Durocwas won by Miss Emma Louise Collins, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J. T.Collins, and she sold her pig to Woodford McDaniel for S100.The prize of $15 for the best Poland-Chinawas won by Samuel Talbott, son of Redmon Talbott.The winners of the three breedswere placed in a sweepstakes ring,and Miss Emma Louise Collins' Durocwon the $35 prize.i The judges were men high up inthis line, and had served in this capacity at the State and county fairs.They were:Duroc George Clayton.Poland-Chinas L. R. Huffman.Berkshires A. P. Shropshire.Sweepstakes A gentleman fromthe University of Kentucky.5j JB5 JlftjTO IMPROVE YOUR DIGESTION.One of the most interestingfeatures of the Kentucky Conferenceof the Methodist Episcopal Church,South, which convenes Sept. 4, atCynthiana, Ky., will be the "Centenary Day" which will be observed Sept.5. Bishop Collins Denny, of Richmond, Va., will preside.Among the speakers who will present the Centenary program will beDr. E. H. Rawlings, Dr. J. J. Stowe,and Mrs. MacDonell, of Nashville,Tenn., and Miss Belle H. Bennett,of Richmond, Ky., President of theWoman's Missionary Council.The subjects to be discussed onCentenary Day will be "World Reconstruction after the War;" "God'sGall to the Church in a World'sCrisis;" "The Church's Opportunityto Get Out of Littleness into Bigness." Bishop Denny will be one ofthe principal speakers. A leading layman will discuss "Can We Put ItOver," and a stereopticon lecturewill show the needs of the missionfields.This year's annual conference session promises to be one of the mostRev. George R. Combs, pastor ofthe Paris Methodist church, accompanied by Mrs. Combs and their son,G. R. Combs, Jr., have returned fromtheir vacation spent at Lake Chautauqua, New York.During the absence of her husband, Mr. Fred Weckesser,' of theBusy Bee Cash Store, who is 'atCrab Orchard Springs, Mrs. Week-'esser, has as guest her sister, Mrs.Ida Pomroy, of Elizabeth, West Virginia. Mr. Carl Mitchell and ' MissesAmanda and Hilda Mitchell, guestsof Mr. and Mrs. Thos. Mitchell, nearParis, have returned to their homesin Fleming county, accompanied byMiss- Lillian Mitchell and WalterMitchell.Mrs. John McCarthy, MissesElizabeth Gregory, Margaret Sheaand Mary Elizabeth Dean have concluded a very pleasant visit to Mr.and Mrs. Thos. F. Brannon and family, in Lexington, and have returnedto their homes in this city.(Other Personals on Page 5.)fe te SiBACKACHE IS A WARNING"For years my digestion was sopoor that I could eat only the lightest foods. I tried everything thatI heard of to get relief, but not until about a year ago when I sawChamberlain's Tablets advertisedand got a bottle of them did I findthe right treatment. Since takingthem my digestion is fine." Mrs.Blanche Bowles, Indiana, Pa.j.7j.. (adv-aug)la ra isSOMETHING TO REMEMBERParis People Should Not NeglectTheir Kidneys."Backache is often nature's mostfrequent signal of weakened kidneys. To cure the nains and ap.Tiprinteresting and important in the his-1 to remove the lameness when it arisesnext.tions, according to Senator bhep- tory oi tne organization, and whilepard, of Texas, prohibition advocate, the Centenary Movement is alreadypostponement of the date was agreed well known to the members of theto by spokesmen of both factions. The conference, great interest will bePresident, it was stated, believes ad- aroused by the coming of theseditional time should be given for specialists who are highly trained infinancial and other adjustments. missionary activities.In Monday's negotiations most of; The Centenary Movement includesthe prohibition advocates were agree- a world program based on a carefulable to fixing July 1 as the date. They (survey of need and opportunity, andfirst insisted that it should be April. a vigorous campaign will be made to1, but a majority were said to naveconsented to the later date. Opponents of the legislation were declaredto be convinced that it cannot be defeated, and to be satisfied with theproposed extension of time.Formal conclusion of an agreementis expected to pave the way for pas'sage of the bill by the Senate latethis week or early next week.fe T3 PaTHE BEST PLASTER.A piece of flannel dampened with.Chapnberlain's Liniment and boundon. over the seat of pain is often moreeffectual for a lame back than a plaster and does not cost anything likeas much.(adr-aug)release the prayer power of thechurch by enrolling tens of thousands in the "Felllowship of Intercession" and training them as prayerhelpers. The program also includesa "Stewardship Drive" to secure enrollment of millions of Methodistswho will acknowledge their stewardship by the payment of the tithe.During the five years of the Centenary celebration there will be anearnest appeal made for life service,and strenuous efforts wil lbe made torecruit a large number of new workers for the ministry, home andforeign missions, and for service inthe local church.In the next five years, -the SouthernMethodists expect to raisej $35,000,000 to be applied to warwork, home and foreign missions, andI church extension.sWe ought always to remember thatif we raise a big crop of any kind itis done with an increased exhaustionof soil fertility. If we expect thatfield to keep up ali 4o well in thefuture we must give $ affflitional fertilizer. A good muir farmers seemto forget this and look upon a goodcrop as so much good luck, the product of the season, so to speak, andnot of the land. Heavy crops must bemet with an increased outlay forfertilizer. Hoard's Dairyman.from weakened kidneys, you mastreach the cause the kidneys. If youhave pain through the small of yourback, urinary disorders, headaches,dizzy spells, or are nervous and depressed, start treating the kidneyswith a tested kidney remedy.Doan's Kidney Pills have beenproved good and are especially forweak kidneys. Doan's have been usedin kidney trouble for over 50 years.Read Paris testimony.Floyd H. Rankin, grocer, Lillestonavenue and Lucas street, says: "Ihave used Doan's Kidney Pills offand on for years and have beengreatly benefited. At times I havesuffered severely with, kidney complaint. My back often pained meand was lame most all the time.The kidney secretions were too frequent in passage and greatly annoyed me. Whenever I have been thisway, a box of Doan's Kidney Pillshas never failed to cure me of theattack in short order."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don.ltsimply ask for .a kidney remedy-get!uoan's money Pills the same .thatMr. Rankin had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y., - (adv)BAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly RollCream PuffsDoughnuts, Rolls, PiesGROCERYFruitsFresh VegetablesMEATDEPARTMENTRoatsLamb, Veal, PorkBrainsWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376See Us For All Kinds ofFARMMACHINERYand SuppliesMcCormickMowing MachinesandCorn BindersNo better on the market.Have stood the test of years.C. S. BALL OARAGECor.! Fourth and Pleasant St.IF YOU ARE THINKING ABOUT APIPELESS FURNACELET US FIGURE WITH YOUSatisfaction guaranteed. We are agents for theLAUREL FURNACE. None better made.We are also exclusive agents for theViking Cream SeparatorsCall and let us show them to you.LOWRY&MAYSHIP YOUR CREAMDIRECT TO THESugar Creek CreameryLEXINGTONMinimum Shipping RateQuick Returns; ; Top Market Prices-tr'Aug 20-StvvM.A'&&" '"'jcrlj i v1!."3k;. 5;. jt -, j . Ja. , .' --H'(;Have"V-xC v.f:ii K "J:!:'- EFFECTIVE-The Undersigned Merchants of ParisAs a .Means of War ConservationAdoptedConservationthe Following Regulations of theDivisionOF THEWARINDUSTRIESi i onz - - T . -- - w-i6555v' T t ilcnolrlji vfT ?of', " -'iff) 5 norBOARDMake not over one delivery a day on each route.Limit the privilege of returning merchandise tothree days.Curtail special deliveries.Require a deposit on C. O. D. purchases.Discontinue the custom of sending goods on approvalAuthorized byEUGENE J. STRAUSState Chairman. Commercial Economy, State Council of DefenseHHjjp H M H B."Farmers Supply Co.A. F. Wheeler & Co.The Bourbon NewsThe Kentuckian-CitizenFord & Co.C. P. Cook & Co.Margolen's SanitaryMeat MarketA. J. Winters & Co.Shire & FithianFrank & Co.Brooks & SnappThe Fair StoreL. R. Bramblett -Wilmoth&Co.T.W. SpicerO --. r yH. M. Collins & Co.Bradley & BrannonLusk & SheaLogan HowardPrice & Co.Paris Gas & Electric Co.January & ConnellHarry LinvilleJ. W. Davis & Co.W. Ed TuckerS. H. Kress & Co.The J. T. Hinton Co.Friedman's Shoe StoreFeld's Shoe and Department StoresParis Racket StoreSimon Dep't StoreL. WollsteinS. RummansR. P. WalshChas. S. Goldstein "L. OberdorferFred WeckesserLavin & ConnellE. M. WheelerStone & TarrBaldwin Bros.Posner Bros.Mitchell & BlakemoreVarden & SonArdery Drug Co.John MerringerPeoples Drug Stores-y f-s?M -t .ff:: cv ;;!.; ,. .... cIX!: . i4 . '.. -. ..-- ' 'X-tJvAtA .... Y':i-Ii---V..K4 1;:tf: mt ffi.Jt.viTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY,MIDAY, AUGUST , 1918.'HBfIIVter a few days' visit to Mrs Gnmtnand family, at' Payne's Depot, Scott. .c?&f THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMOMILLERSBURGcounty.' Mrs. Bessie Caldweir left Tues-'&&&ittA4 A A A 4j .e -i i,,ir. UTrmrc irv kihph.li 'i SU.ay J.UI VsiUloUdU. oiiii"b"i "J .0-,, Grant county. Sne was accompamea3rs. Adella Miller is improving by Miss Louise Dasher. Her physi-Jcian, Dr. C. B. Smith, went withMrs. N. H. Collier remains about them, leaving her as comfortable asr -255X16. could be expected. ,, . ys. Alice Best and daughter, i q bj1 MrSt c. M. Best enter-via&ysville, are guests of Mrs. Sarah tained with a dining at noon, Wed-3B0 T ' T n I nesday, in honor of Lieut. TJelson and- ssrs. J. C. Leer and.F. C.;Miss Agnes Wadell, and Prof, andv-ZSattnell were in Cincinnati on busi- Mrs Frank Davis, the latter of Lou-Aanas Wednesday. isville, :Miss Nancy Louise Best has re- letter has been received fromt- -iarated after a several weeks' sojourn !Lieut j w Miller, after landing in- -am. ivasiungion, u. u. t -CTnri,Tirt TTe-savs the voyage was a--- -r -. ir -11 X 1 I J-.o..-JSA5H .aoma james iYicuiinLuufa.3wailaave Sunday for her. school dufiS at Baltimore, Md.Mr. -and Mrs. J. B. -i Cray were !-p0rtunity of making up all the sleeprjamzts rff Mr. and Mrs-. W. S. Judy, he ad lost in the last ten years.'a:5Cxsxington, Wednesday. . Mr A 0 Robertson received aSirs. Ora Bra-nnin; left Thursday cablegram Monday evening, announc--tSm-atszL-ter husband, Lieut. Ora Bran- -, that his son Samuei Ttobertso-n,. es, at Camp Meade Md. of the regular u. s. Army, was killedProf, and Mrs. ErankDavis, of .wTlllft , tho CprviVp in France, inpleasant but uneventful one. Therewere practically no tasks wnne crossing the Atlantic, and he had an op-par-tJuly. Mr. Robertson was twentyfour years old, and at the time hepti listed in the regular army inTZZteajsrille, are guests of her?fc3, Mr. and Mrs. DI-K Jones.ZS'jtnrxt "WTnripll "RpprUnrr rpfiirnprtM4. A. VWIAAWA. Awwv.0 ww wm. 0r,I1Cfisaup rayior, iouisvine, weanes- 1Q1K woc tosiVItio. u hnmP. wuh his-r after a short furlough at home. bthil and sister, Mr. andMiss Mary Taylor has accepted M j H Banta Mr Robertson-.miction as saleslady at the dry Qn th Mexican border in the.qpwBs store of .Mr. C. W. Corrmgton t f m5 and the early.35?- B- D.isken L .scm'.of nnrt. of 1916. He was a member ofjsutaanne, renn, arrived weanesaayip - .,zsm aossts of Mr. and Mrs. M. D.3iTiss TJordthy Peed, who is em--ftejijnlin War Work in New .York&&&, 3s at home for a two-weeks''vwnjfroa.Miss Pauline Jones has acceptedzm. oation as pianist at the Majestic-3mecrQ theatre, vacated by Miss AgTac "Wadell.-t 3iss Alma Duke Jones left yessSsxSzgr for Washington, D. C, where-.to aspects to take a Government po--SEkslIn war work.Mr. R. C. Bonier and son, Massr "Ralph Borner, visited relatives at?asc3!3uthf Wednesday.3r. and Mrs. George Wadell, of. "Uwis&Tille, were among the guests- -ssb-.aUended the Wadell-Nelson nup-ta25 Wednesday.-33x, and Mrs. J. H. Collier, Mr.Co. F. of the 18th Infantry. iisregiment was one of the first to goto France after war was declaredand has done good service there. Ayounger brother, Mr. Fred Robertson,was on the transport Covington,which was wrecked a few weeks ago.However, he was saved, and is nowin France.Miss Mary Agnes Wadell andLieut. Walton R. Nelson, the latterof Ragin, Perm., were united in marriage at the home of the bride's parents, Judge and Mrs. T. P. Wadell, onNorth Main street, Wednesday, at2:00 p. m., in the presence of relatives and a number of friends. Rev.R. C. Goldsmith, former pastor of theMillersburg Baptist church, now ofthe Paris Baptist church, officiated.The bride was attired in a midnightblue 'traveling: suit with reindeerFriday, August 30thLADIES' AND GOVERNMENT DAYtwo ladies will be admitted for one admission, plus the war tax.Charles RayIN'The Claws of the Hun'They wouldn't let him go to France, so hestarted a war at home.'The Missing Prince'Second Episode of "Hands Up"with Ruth Roland and George Chesebro11Saturday, August 31stWilliam Fox PresentsTOM MIXINWESTERN BLOOD99Thrilling and trying epipisode in thelives of sturdy men of the plains. Theybeat U. S. enemies on the .border.ALSOFOX FILM COMEDY'Hearts and Saddles'Monday, September 2ndJesse L. Lasky PresentsAnne PenningtonIN"Sunshine Nan"ALSOSennett-Paramount Comedy, "Her Screen Idol"PricesAt the AlamoChildren5c war tax lc; Adults 13c war tax 2c.At the Paris Grand-Children 5c-war tax lc; Adult 13c war tax 2c.Colored persons, Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 10c war tax lc.i. auu ;uis. j. xi. wiaci, ";,.,,. -uni ffinroo ,t,H ehnps A sTinrt.CjSL Collier, and Mrs. Frankie Col- J "" 1--1 , T orf th n.r-s visited relatives at Oxford, Scott ""fr -.-j"- 1.J: . ai t,ttediiesaay. JOnes, pianist, Miss Georgia McDan-Mrs. G. C. Watson, of Irvine, is ipl nnef and Mrs. Frank Davis.uest of her mother, Mrs. Emma fhp la,tftr of Louisville, vocalist. The-ate3olds, and her brother, Mr. G. E. beautiful ilome was darkened and4.33fesrBolds, and family. illuminated by wax tapers and cande-Sirs. C. R. Jones and daughter, labras. Cut flowers and potted plants"SSfes Elizabeth ,Jones, have returned . made up the decorations. The wed-1jT3it a two-weeks' visit to Mrs. ding march was played by Miss AlmagfTTfgrffr Moore, in Lexington, Va. Duke Jones. Immediately after the-Mr. W. E. Collier and son, Mas- ceremony the young couple left fortata-X G. Collier, have returned af- Ragin, Penn., for a few days visitPublic Saleto relatives of the bridegroom, afterwhich they will ge to Camp Perry, inNorthern Ohio, where Lieut. Nelsonis stationed.The bride is the only daughter ofJudge and Mrs. T. P. Wadell. She isan attractive, brillia-nt and accomplished young lady, a graduate of theM. F. C. and was a member of theclass of 1916, a member and organist of the Baptist church and prominent in church work. For the pastyear she has occupied the position ofpianist at the Majestic picture theatre, and was instrumental in causingmany to spend many happy hours atthis popular place of amusement.Lieut. Nelson for the past twoyears was one of the faculty of theM. 3M. I. Coming into our communityas a stranger he soon made manyfriends. He resigned his position inMay, 1918, and went into the IT. S.Army, and has since been stationedat Camp Perry, 0. He was a militaryman, and had the rank of Major atthe M. M. I. He will probably remainin Camp Perry the greater part of thewinter, during which time his .wifewill be with him. They were the recipients of numerous useful andhandsome presents.Mrs. Nelson belongs to one of thepioneer families of Kentucky, withan extensive relationship throughoutthe State. Her father is a member ofthe firm of W. D. Wadell & Co.,druggist, and lor several years wasPolice Judge of Millersburg. Theyoung couple left Millersburg withshowers of congratulations from allwho knew them.P5 ?S25Percheron Bred MaresMATRIMONIAL."The following marriage licensesJ were issued this week by countyClerk Pearce -Faton: John H.Spratt and Miss Anna ElizabethJames; Walter Rider Nelson and Misssoap and salt; Logan Howard, WessonAgnes Wadell, Jos. AmatoDand MaryBrauson. The latter were married inthe court house by Judge Batterton.IMumgerom 3 to 5 years old. Sale to be held at M. J. Murphy & Co.'s-,5itaEk Yards, in Paris, Ky., onMonday, Sept. 2, 1918iw j(County Court Day)-saZso'clockp, m., rain or shine.These mares are strictly first class, the kind the U. S. and foreigni jwuiiiH ill are wanting and buying. This is .a grand, lot of mareslilLbe good for working, or breeding for mule colts.MAJOR BRANNON.JAMES SPRATTMiss Elizabeth James and Mr.John Spratt, both of Paris, were married Tuesday evening at &:0 o'clock,at the home of the bride's brother,Mr. Jos. James, on Parrish avenue,Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of the ParisChristian church, officiating.The home was beautifully decorated for the occasion. Miss PansyBurns, of Paris, and Miss Ruth Highland, of Covington, were the flowergirls. The bride was gowned in ahandsome creation of Georgettecrepe and satin.After the ceremony and the reception of congratulations and goodwishes, Mr. and Mrs. Spratt left foran. extended bridal tour in Kentucky,Ohio, Indiana and Illinois. On theirleturn they will make their home inCovington, where the groom has aposition with the Louisville & Nashville railroad. Mr. Spratt formerlyresided in Paint Lick7 Ky., but moved to Paris some years ago.VTHE STANLEY STEAMERw22nd Year Its Fuel as KEROSENE' The "pick-up ' of the Stanley in emergency does not wait for the power to be built upin a fly wheel; the power is stored in advance, to be instantaneously delivered to the driving wheels, AND THERE ARE NO GEARS TO SHIFT.In city traffic, in rough going, at blind corners, on unexpected hills you have always doneivhat your car wanted you to do because you have been limited to the power delivered bythe speed of the motor the power in the fly-wheel. With the stored power of the Stanleyat your command, your car does what you want it to do, and precisely when you want it,and with not a single controlling device except the finger touch at the throttle. 'YOU WANT A CAR WITH STANLEY PERFORMANCEThat iswhy you have been buying cars with 6 or 8 or 12 cylinders and 3,000 or morerevolutions a minute.YOU HAVE BEEN LED TO BELIEVEthai; the only way you can get the performance you want is by multiplying the cylindersand increasing the flywheel speed. Tht Stanley with only two cylinders, with only 17moving parts in tha engine and only 400 revolutions a minute-will prove to you thatthis belief is erroneous. We want you to know this Stanley performance; we want youto. realize that the ideals you have been longing for are here NOW. We want to convinceyou by putting you at the wheel of a STANLEY. " .W. F. P.EDDICORDRELIGIOUS.Bishop Louis W. Burton, of Lexington, will conduct services at St.Peters Episcopal church, in this citySunday morning at 10:45 o'clock.The Endeavor Society of thePresbyterian Church will meet Sunday evening at 6:4 5 at the newchurch Jbuilding. Subject, "All ForChrist" This will be a leaderlessmeeting. A large attendance is requested, as it will be very interesting.The Bourbon County GospelTeam, composed of members fromthe various churches of the countywill hold a service at the Old Unionchurch, on Sunday night, Sept. 1, at8:30 o'clock. An interesting musical program is being rehearsed forthe occasion. A cordial invitationis given to all to attend. The churchis located near the Bourbon and Fayette line. The pastor is Rev. Dr. TV.M. Bottom.Three more names have been added to the Honor Roll of the ParisChristian church, those of HenleyHouston and Kirtley Gregg, who arein the naval service, and James A.Horton, a member of the Marines.The regular monthly meeting ofthe Workers' Conference of the Christian church will be held in thechurch parlors next Tuesday nightat 7:30 o'clock. New Teacher Training books will be given out. TheMissionary Society of the church willmeet in the same place Friday afternoon at three o'clock. The MissionCircle will meet in he church parlors at three o'clock, next Tuesdayafternoon.DEATHS.MITCHELL.The funeral of Bonta BratcherMitchell, eleven-year-old adoptedson of Mr. and Mrs. Frank Mitchell,of Shakespeare, was held Monday afternoon ,at three o'clock, with services conducted at the grave in theMillersburg Cemetery, by Dr. C. C.Fisher, president of Millersburg College. The pall-bearers were Joseph.Faulkner, Matthew Faulkner, JohnWilliams and Robert Hill.The young man died in the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city,after a short illness, due to spinalmeningitis. He was taken ill whilevisiting in Harrison county, and wasbrought here.ROBERTS.Funeral services for Mrs. Nannie M. Roberts, aged seventy-six,formerly of Paris, who died Mondayat her home in Lexington, after along illness, due to the infirmitiesof age, were held at the family residence in Lexington, Wednesdaymorning at nine o'clock, conductedby Rev. Benj. J. Bush. The remainswere taken to Cynthiana, where theinterment took place on the familylot in Battle Grove Cemetery at noon.Mrs. Roberts was the wife of Mr.W. H. Roberts, who for several yearsconducted the Fordham Hotel, inthis city. She is survived by herhusband and one daughter, MissNancy K. Roberts, and one sister,Mrs Amanda Moore, all of Lexington.Many ArticlesAtOld Prices!Grandpa's Wonder Soap 5cWhite Lily Soap 5cTrilby Soap '. 5cGoblin Soap 5cSanta Claus Laundry Soap.. 5cBest Matches, per box 6cGas Globes, still 1 0cShinola Shoe Polish 10cDried Beans, pound.. 12 1 -2cRegular 75c Broom,4-sewed 50cPost Cards, comics, 8 for 5cYou can always save money bydealing at theBusy Bee Cash Store?YOUR LAST OPPORTUNITY!FINAL SALE!M- v""WE ARE COMPELLED TOSELL THE BALANCE OFOURHigh Grade Men's,Women's & Children'sSUMMER SHOESDPUMPS&h&-JDterRegardless of CostIn Order to Make Room ForOurFALL FOOTWEAR!Ladies' most beautiful Grey, Mahogany, Tan, White and Black Boots, Oxfords andrumps, walk-Uver and otner ramous makesAT FINAL CLEARANCE SALE PRICESLadies' Canvas Boots and Pumps, $3.00values, at .'...;$ 1 .99Ladies' Black Kid English Oxfords and' Pumps, $400 values, at $2.99Ladies' Patent Kid Button Shoes, $3.50values at . . $ 1 .99Ladies' Patent and Dull Kid Pumps,Louis and Low Heels, $4. 00 values . . $249Ladies' Mahogany Tan Col. Pumps, LouisHeel, Welts, $450 values at $2.99Ladies' White Canvas Oxfords andPumps, $2.50 values at $ 1 .69Ladies'Kid'and G.M. Shoes and Slippers,broken sizes, $3.50-$400 values. .$1.49Men's White Canvas Oxfords, rubbersoles, $3.00 values, at $ 1 .99Men's and Boys' G. M. Shoes and Oxfords, $3.00 values at $1.99Men's Tan and G.M. English Shoes,Walk-Over,all sizes, $4.50 values. . .$3,49Men's G. M. Eng. Oxfords, best makesall sizes, $4.00 values, at $2.99Boys' Black Lace School Shoes, $2.50values, at $1.79Children's Patent and White CanvasPumps, $1.50 values at 99cLadies White Sport Canvas d 1 A AOxfords, $2,00 yalues,at...$l"UWhite Tennis Oxfords,75c values at49cDAN COHENWhere-Beauty and Economy ReignParis' Greatest Shoe Store1ia- -i ?.., ,--f'j&i.fej-viT : , -O-.c3