1 K. ' - - T' - ., arvc4- !4.' "&MPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND 'FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.jitf--jnlVOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1918. 'J'iv rI THE BOURlONNEWS- "T it, : i "'4.PLUGGING ALONG WITH THEx WAR CAMPAIGNThe United War Workers' vCamD2.su in the city and county is plugging along, in the words of one ofthe workers yesterday. The campaign so far is about $12,000 shortof the filling out the quota, and themarkers are urging increased subscriptions and more of them. Manytove not subscribed to the extentt&ey should have done. Millersburghad not reported to the headquartersjf here yesterday, but a statement toTHE NEWS late yesieraay anernoonby Mr. M. Peale Collier indicatedthat with, the figures lie had at handtji county would have to raise about$12,000 more to get over the top intke' campaign. Workers are stillTmsy ia a11 tne precincts in the cityand county, and it will be to the everlasting shame of Bourbon county iftheir efforts are not rewarded by theery last dollar that is needed andtben some.The United War Work drive deserves the very highest commendation. Among the evident providencesnf the war is the unity of the nationsand peoples with respect to pure religion. Sectarianism, like politicalpartyism, can never again possess theliu,man heart as in the past. Notonly should politics be adjourned,but sectarianism also, during thisdrive.The advent of the Y. M. C. A. nutamong the French soldiers was moredestructive of prejudice than the tankwas destructive to the Hun. At firstboth the Y. M. C. A. and the Knightsof Columbus were misunderstood.To-day they co-operate like two GoodSamaritans, exemplifying goodnessand kindness and the two greatGolden Commandments. The Jews,too, who fought bravely and pouredout millions of dollors in the war, arein this drive. They are enthusiasticin it and will do their part fully.The fact that these seven organizations for the recreation, edification-j n1n nf Viq cnliliorc qt lltlHofly WS at the request of President Wilson,and that all are to be accountable tothe sapie supreme national authority,present one of the greatest opportunities that could be offered for tbe welfare of humanity. In view of the longtime that must elapse before our boyscome marching home; in view of thefruits of these agencies in the past;in view of the fervent appreciationwhich the soldiers express concerningthem, and in view, also, of the splendid victory our soldiers and their allies have achieved, the amount askedfor from Bourbon county ought togratefully and quickly be oversubscribed. pa ss pa -r-rTHE INFLUENZA SITUATIONThe influenza situation in Parisand the county has very little in it ofinterest now to the general publicsave that the danger seems to havepassed, and our people are beginningto fret under the restraint of a banwhich they consider as no" longerneeded.No new cases were reported yesterday, and the oia cases are all gettin along very nicely. It is to behoped the local Health Board may seetheir way clear to lift the ban whichhas been in effect since October 9.The situation is improving in theState, especially in the mountain section, where the plague has been prevalent in virulent form, and reports'com other narts of the State giveMs encouragement and propiise of relief.enza was epidemic in the UnitedStates it caused more than twice asmany deaths as resulted from allcauses among the members of theAmerican Expeditionary Forces fromthe time the first Ajmerican soldierlanded overseas until the cessation ofhostilities. Reports summarized upto last night indicated that morethan 82,000 deaths resulted from influenza and about 45,000 deathsamong the American forces.Pfi TSi B "A TOUGH CUSTOMER.ARRANGING FOR THE BIG VICTORY CELEBRATION.If the plans now being matured forholding a big peace celebration inGOVERNMENT REPRESENTATIVE CENSUS BUREAU ISSUES LEAF: ,TOBACCO REPORT.TO EXPLAIN FARM LOANS.The aims and plans of the FederalvFarm Loan Bureau will be explained trill law. nassted bv Concress in 1912.this city do not go awry, Paris will I in an address to the farmers of Bour- ! the Buerau of Census has just issu-Under the provisions of the Can-witness one of the biggest times inits history, or at least in its later dayhistory. An enthusiastic meeting ofthe promotors and' the various committees, together with a number ofladies of the city who are interestedin the big event, was held at thecourt house Sunday afternoon, whena number of plans were made, andthe committees instructed as to theirduties. It has been arranged to holdthe big celebration on Thursday, November 28.Merchants and residents will beasked to decorate their stores andhomes in honor of the occasion, andeverything will be done to make thepeople of the county enter fully intothe spirit of the occasion and havea real good lively old time in celebrating the end of the world-war.There will be a (monster parade, thedetails of which have not yet beenfully worked out. Special features ofthis parade will be a detachment ofthe Students' Army Training Schooland the S. A. T. C. band, from CampBuell, Lexington, and mothers of boysin the service. For this latter everymother in the county who has a boyin the service is earnestly requestedto notify Mrs. M. H. Dailey, Chairman of the committee as to her intention to take part in the big parade. The boys who come from CampBuell to help in the celebration willbe entertained at the hopnes of Parispeople by twos, being escorted totheir place by Red Cross girls. Invi-'tations have been extended to surrounding towns to send delegations totake part in the big event, the biggest ever.It is planned to have the jollification begin at three o'clock in the afternoon, when the parade will takeplace, and another big parade atnight, followed by a display of patriotic fireworks and other doings.Fuller details of the program for theday's celebration wil be given out forthe public as. they are perfected. Rudolph Davis Vill be Grand Marshal ofthe day, with the following assistants, J. O. Marshall, J. Walter Payne,John F. Davis, Chas. Green, Robt. P.Walsh, Fay Ardery, Ernest Martin,Wm. G. McClintock Dr. H. M. Hamilton. Xpa pa isiPRODUCTIVE VHEMP, .TOBACCOAND CORN LAND FOR SALERead the big advertisement of theA. S. Thojmpson Farms For Sale,337 acres of improved and unimproved corn, tobacco and nemp lands.An ideal country home. Sale November 27 th.(19-2t) HARRIS & SPEAKES.FOLLOWING PEACE NEWS, HEREIS SOMETHING GOOD!bon county, on Saturday, November6V, by a Government 'representative,if arrangements now under way arecompleted and the influenza ban lifted by that tijme.Mr, Myron A. Waterman, of Kansas City, Mo., special assistant incharge of the organization work ofthe Bureau, was in Paris yesterdaymaking preliminary survey of thework and arranging for the addresswhich he will deliver. Due noticewill be given through the papers ofthe city of the time, the place andother arrangements as soon as theyare perfected.The plan of the Land Bank system is that actual farmers can borrow fifty per cent, of the value oftheir farms and twenty per cent, ofthe insurable imvestments, to the extent of frojm $100 to 10,000 at fiveand one-half per cent, interest andon from five to forty years' time, payments to be made on an amortizationplan, and any part or all of the loanmay be repaid after five years at anypayment period.The rate of interest farmers paythe bank will always be at the minimum and under no circumstances canit exceed six per cent., and the system will give land values some stability. All broad visioned forwaMlooking bankers and merchants andprofessional men are whole-heartedlyassisting in extending the usefulnessof the Federal Land Bank.This meeting should be very generally attended by farmers of character and industry, who have small capital, for this system provides a waywhereby tenants may become landowners. Mr. Waterman will answerany and all questions that may beasked hijm about the plans and theobjects of the Land Bank.Pa Pa PaCUT FLOWERS.Choice cut flowers in bunches ordesigns for funerals, weddings, socialevents, the sick or any purpose whereflowers may be used. Prompt attention given all orders whether largeor small.JO. VARDEN,(22-tf) Florist Agent.ibj Sa PaINSURE YOUR TOBACCO.Insnre your tobacco in thebarn against fire, wind-storm,etc. We settle quick.ed its quarterly report showing thestocks of leaf tobacco held by the jmanufacturers and dealers in theUnited States on October 1st.This report is of unusual interest asthe market for Kentucky tobaccoswill very shortly open. The totalstock of all tobaccos in the UnitedStaes is practically the same as lastyear, showing that during w.ar times,even with foreign shipments largelycurtailed on account of shortage ofships, that consumption of tobaccohas been equal to production, whichmeans a healthy condition, especiallyso far as the tobacco "grower is concerned. The situation as to the Burleycrop is especially favorable to the(grower, as the manufacturers of this'type have 17,000,000 pounds less ofBurley than they had a year ago andtheir holdings of Burley leaf are lessthan they have been since the Cantrill law was passed six years ago.The total holdings of Burley are only190.000,000 pounds and every oneknows the crop of Burley this yearwill 'be very light. The Burley market, based on supply and demandshould be higher than ever m the history of the market. With a lightcrop grown this year and with holdings less than usual, the buyers ofBurley should be eager to make avery liigh (market. The average cropof Burley is about 25"0,000,000pounds and the Cantrill law reportshows that the manufacturers haveless than a year's supply of Burley instock.153 fa laPUBLIC LAND SALE NOV. 27337V2 ACRES AT AUCTION.Harris & Speakes are going to sellfor Hon. A. S. Thompson his homeplace on Clintonville pike on November 27, at 11 o'clock. This is one ofthe best farms in the State. Read thebig advertisement on another page.(19-2t)IN THE SERVICE OF THEIRCOUNTRY.IS JQI 1CALL ISSUED FOR BANK STATEMENTS.When it comes to "putting up agood front" Dave Franklin Freeman,a young colored man residing nearLittle Rock, certainly can ciaim mehonors. Dave's good frontal region, aieavy cranial structure, saved himfrom instant death recently.Like most adventurous youths whohke to sport a little during the hunting season, Dave was geting readySaturday afternoon to take a trip after bunnies. He was carelessly handling his loaded gun while showingtow it should be aimed at a fleeingrabbit, and then showed now itshould be pulled through a fencebarrel first. In some manner the gunwas discharged, the load rrom. cue, shell RtriVijiP- nave in the neaa.lPart of his forehead, the frontal boneof his skull and part of the frontallobe of his brain were blown away.He was hurried to the office of Br.T,nf -R TTaT1T.v -l Ttfnrth MiddletOWIL,here he was given prompt pnedicalattention, and then brought to the,Massie Memorial Hospital, in Paris.Despite his wounds, the,boy was conscious and able to talk to thosearound him and seemed to be rallying from the shock. Dr. Henry regards it as one of the most remarkable cases he has come across lately,and says it certainly has but fewequals in medical history.Regulations requiring householdersand bakers to purchase 20 per cent,of substitute with purchase of wheatflour have been withdrawn by theFood Administration.Substitutes already purchased andfor which millers and dealers orbakers do not find a ready sale willbe purchased by the grain corporation of the food administration under plans now being formulated. Thecoarser graing being used as nuursubstitutes will be placed on the market as animal feeds, of which there isa shortage.Aithmieh wheat bread may now appear on the American table withoutrestriction, the food administrationannounced it will continue to advocate the conservation of flour.The relation of wheat regulations,which have been in effect in variousforms since last January 28, wasascribed directly m a statementood hv the food administration tothe military armistice. It was pointed out that the Mediterranean sea isnow safe for commercial ira-uoijun.and that the European nanona mdraw again on the large wheat supplies in India and Australia. Withcargo ships released from militaryservice, it was said, it also will bepossible to tap accumulated suppliesin the Argentine.Increase in the best sugar yiuuuinr States and in the cane producingterritory of Louisiana, of the housenj . iifktmPTitci from threepounds to four pounds monthly percapita has neen oraeicu u, .administration, effective Decepiber 1.At the same time public eating placesin these sections will be permitted toincrease their consumption fromthree pounds to four pounds for everyFor the remainder of the country,it was stated.the allotments oiuiipounds monthly per capita for households and three pounds per ninetymeals for public eating places willbe continued for the present, at least.The increase for sugar producingStates was granted, the food admini4 oT,nii:nced because of thelack of cargo space for overseas ship,ment with insufficient storage facilities in this country.State Banking Commissioner Geo.G. Speer has issued a call on all Statebanks for a statement of their condition as of November 15. Several ofthese will be found in this issue ofTHE NEWS.PAY YOUR WATER RENTWattr rents are due and payable at office. Call at once.(tf) . PARIS WATER CO.IRS !BPRESIDENT'S PROCLAMATIONFOR THANKSGIVING DAY.President -Wilson, in a proclama1-JhORiaS, Woodford & BryJMtion iss"ued Sunday 'to the press, des-iimatfid Thursday. November 28, asThanksgiving Day. The Presidentsaid that this year the American people had special and moving cause tobe grateful and thankful. Completevictory, he said, has brought not onlypeace, but the confident promise of anew day, as well, in which justiceshall replace force and jealous intrigue among the nations.I WE "KNOW' H W II PRETEST COLDS!' III!By WearingDUOFOLDUNDERWEARThe layer of soft cotton on the inside is soothing to the skin. The layer offine wool on the outside is warm and can'titch.The outside absorbs moisture fromthe inside cotton and drys it. It keeps thegarment always fresh and dry never feelswet or sticky, like an all-cotton suit.DUOFOLDProvides Warmth, Comfortand HealthLetters hav6 been received herefrom Hord Lovell, who is in France,stating that he is in fine health, andlikes the country and the people verymuch.Private Kobt.. O. Hertig has returned to his army duties at CampSheridan, in Alabama, after a fifteen-days'visit in Paris on furlough.He was called here by the death andburial of his two brothers, who bothdied of influenza.Raymond Connell, Fithian Arkleand Lawrence Soper, all of Paris,jmembers of the Army Training SchoolCorps at Camp Buell, Lexington, arerecovering from recent severe attacks of the Spanish influenza. Reports from the Camp yesterday showed improvement in the influenza situation..Capt. J. T. Brown, who has beenstationed at Camp Greene, near Charlotte, South Carolina, in the medicalI branch of the service, is in Paris ona furlough. Capt. Brown is a member of the medical staff in the BaseHospital, at Camp Greene, having-volunteered for that duty early in thesummer.In a letter to his wife, at Georgetown, Mr. Matt Turney, formerly ofParis, who is now driving an armyauto-truck in France, he tells of the1 great work the Y. M. C. A. is doingthere for the hoys in the army, anawith what heartiness and cheer theY. M. C. A. workers are greeted everywhere along the lines.Lieut. Lawrence Lavin is at homeon a short furlough from Camp Gordon, in Georgia, for a visit to hisparents, Mr. and Mrs. M. J. Lavin,and family, on Walker avenue.Lieut. Lavin is bayonet instructor atCamp Gordon, and is expecting orders soon to go overseas for intensivework in the army lines.The suggestion has been made thatinstead of having a third peace celebration that would cost several hundred dollars, that a movement bestarted at once to raise a fund of$1,00 contributions for the erectionin the court house yard of a suitablememorial tablet . to commemorate thenames of .the Bourbon county sailorsand soldiers who have "jmade the supreme sacriffce."Capt. Jos. E. Torrence, of Cynthiana, who went to France at the sametime as did' Lieut. Reuben Hutchcraft, of Paris, has returned to theBase Hospital, at Cape May, N. J., after a visit to his wife in Cynthiana.Capt. Torrence was severely woundedin the battle of Solssons, on July 17,and returned from overseas about sixweeks ago. He thinks another operation will be necessary on his shattered arm to give him control and useof his hand.Seaman A. O. Robertson, of Mil-dersburg, is in Bouroon coumy on afurlough, visiting relatives. KODeirson, who has been in France for sometime, has been transferred to Norfolk, Va,, on special duty. He wason the transport Covington, when itwas torpedoed 'by a German submarine last July. He' had made sixtrirs overseas before that event.Robertson says "Buddie" James, whowas also on the Covington, is makinga sure-enough salt sea sailor.Postmaster J. Walter Payne hasreceived the following bulletin fromAdjutant-General Heistand, with therequest that it be given the widestpossible publiciy. 'Postmaster Payneaccordingly turned it over to THENEWS, with a request that it be publiohp in the "In The Service" column, because, you know, everybodyreads that. The bulletin follows:"The Infantry Officers1 TrainingSchool, which was to be held at CampFremont, California, beginnnig December 1, 1918, is cancelled."ThP advertising: matter, etc., recently sent you with reference to that ("CAREY ON" KEYNOTE OF THEkKEff CROSS. 5"Carry On" is the keynote Of &Red Cross statement of policy jioetissued by National Red Cross head- ,quarters in view of the apparentnearness of peace with GermanyvThe statement which says, "bateven with peace: let no one? supposethat, the work of the Red Cros ifinished," was read' by General Manager George E. Scott, of the RedCross at a National Red Cross conference at Chicago and wastele-xgraphed to Lake Division headquarters for the information of the thousands of Red Cross workers in theStates of Ohio, Indiana and Kentucky. The statement reads:"On February Iffth, last year,nearly six weeks before the UnitedStates declared war, the National RedCross Headquarters -advised its chapters to prepare for war. That which,followed in the -records of the RedCross in helping to win the war andto relieve the suffering' growing outof it, constitutes something of whichevery American citizen' has a rightto be proud. Every Red Cross- worker-must feel a sense of satisfaction inhaving had a share 'in it all.""The mopnent now h'as come to pre- -parefor peace. Actual7 peace may -comeat any moment; it may be deferred some time. But until peaceis really here there can be no relax- "ration in any Red Cross effort incidentto active hostilities.""But even ivith peace, let no onesuppose that the work of the RedCross is finished. Millions- of American boys are still under arms; thousands of them are sick and wounded.Owing to a shortage or shipping itmay take us a year or jmore to bring'our boys from France. But what- "ever the time, our protecting arms -mustbe about them and their families over the whole period that must ,elapse before normal peace life can.be resumed.""Our soldiers and sailors are enlisted until the commander-in-chieftells thejm there is no more work forthem to do. Let every Red Cross,member and worker, both man andwoman, show our soldiers and sailors that to care for their health,wealth and happiness we are enlistedfor no less period than they.""The cessation of hostilities willreveal a picture of misery such as the -worldhas never seen before, especially in many countries- which cannothelp themselves. The American people will expect the Red Cross tocontinue to act as their agent in repairing broken spirits- and brokenbodies. Peace terms and peace conditions will determine how we can.best minister to the-vast broken areaswhich have been harrowed by warand for this great act of jmercy theheart and spirit of the American people must continue to be mobilizedthrough the American Red Cross."'"On behalf of the War Council,we accordingly ask each member qjrour splendid body of workers,throughout the land, to bear in mmdthe solemn obligation which rest upon each one of us to carry on. Wecannot abate for an instant in ourefforts or our spirits. There will hean abundance of work to do and evenat the moment of peace, let no Red 'Cross worker falter.""Our spirit must now call us toshow that not the roar of cannon, northe blood of our people alone directsour activities, hut that a great people will continue to respond greatlyand freely to its obligation and opportunity to serve."- s.oisi 1ftTIME IS EXTENDED TOR MATT.TKQCHKD5TMAS GUTSThe date for mailing Christmaspackages to the soldiers and sailorsoverseas has been extended from November 20 to November 30, according to inforpnation received herebyMrs. J. Walter Payne and othermembers of the Red Cross Chapter.Labels can be had from the headquarters of the Red Cross Chapter, onthe ground floor of the Bourbon-AgriculturalBank & Trust Co.'s building-at the corner of Main, and Broadway -Thelabels will be sent from the LakeDivision headquarters at Cleveland,Ohio, as long as they last, to theChapters desiring them, upon request. Those who have received la-"----- - - . . Anxxr-n o-nil dp-' oeis irom soiaiers 01 me iuuennaucamp, should be J J doi and de diti0 Force and have loststroyed, and you are fWatton them, or those who have not been .form applicants ?f S1 able to procure them, may get themthat the 8itJ"r5e1onis de- from the local Red Cross Chapter,and the candidates are no longer ae eUivAlv mp.wes win be ac.- WMAW V - y-----0- - - "KOHIO CITY VISITED BY $250,000jFIBE.ADMEIISTRATOB OUALIEIESKS.-,In the County Court, Crusoe An-n who had been appoimea uyh ee Batterton, to acipunisLer onm nf Lucy Anderson, quailed for the potion by furnishingbond with Mr. Jonn u.i?ire destroyed the- heart of thebufi'ais Strict o THOhio Friday morning, with moretile -.houses ana iucutOThe?500,000 Wyandotte countycourt house 'was damaged JyTen persons were caught under afalling brick wall and two were injured probably &taUy. nrlocvTne fire was discovered at 1 0 1 clocKadlB thought to have orif inated inSoper as I the Bon Ton bafcery,. iue1 which, was louna wyou.Come in and we will gladly showUnion Suits and Separate Garments.rear ofMITCHELL & BLAKEMOREaIsired. m . TT"H. O. S. HnfcTAL"Adjutant General, Department Ad" jutant."Hugh Campbell, formerly of Paris,where he was in the employ of thePower Grocery Co., and later with B.F. Spears & Sons, has been promotedto the rank of Captain in the IT. S.Service. Capt. Campbell is now stationed in the Depot Quartermaster'sDepartment at Jeffersonville, Indiana,one of the largest in the XInhedStates. In a letter to THE NEWSCapt. Campbell says:"Would thank you to change myaddress from 427 East Maple street,this city, to that of 115 Clark, street."No cessation here due to end. ofhostilities, and it appears that Supplies of certain character will still beshipped, including relief material for"Presufme that Bourbon wilLmakean excellent snowing m """?Work fund. Have noticed that, InoVioi. Mmnnimfia. very iaurI nanteA without the necessarv label.and only one package -piay be sent toeach soldier. These labels may bprocured on and after November 21. 1?Dr. Reed's Cushion Sole ShoesNettleton Shoes - -M-k..- Qk,V. ik mention has been made by pther thanManhattan ShirtS 1" , n9n0rR ahmit the response-andStetson -Hats1'wai naners about the responseR iifn nf "Rourbon countyv Ken-j tuckv; and It mP.ke a fellow feel goodto hail from sucn a piacc. t - -5"Receivtfr last month promotion toOUE SML0HS, "THE GOBS." .One of the passions which sway th"sobs" is to have "tailor-made"liberty blues. By ''liberty blues" Is 'meant the sailor's best uniform. End-less are the attempts to make theae -u"a little different" attempts, alas, .which invariably end in reprimamdi -Jand disaster. The dernier cir ot sport- tiness is to have a right hand pocket . ,lined with starboard green and a leftxhand pocket lined with port red.Froni the December Red Cross &fSjrjazine.Captain, but .my dutties.'hee still remain the' same" for the present.- -? v, "Best 'regards,, .' f1"HUGH 'CAMPBELL.Mr. an&-Mra. JoanBrophyof near , "- .Pari, haTreceiTd a ar from tkir.ion, frohn Broffcy, Jin., aamouachHtr ;hi safe arriral oritiin. ' ,rety, ,. ,r, urtro& K f, 'r m-""& "&J'.&- A- I'SAyPAGE TWO ;THE BOURBQ ITSWS PAtlfrCjOaCIJk & lfa. "r ;j$jt-s$faw.TUBlDA.Y,.:i$QVJMiBM lf 1I1S4v nI'iHfJ-IH BOURBON NEWSMaMished 188136 Years of Continuous PublicationPaHished Every Tuesday and FridaytPer Year. .$2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Adavance.iVMlil CHAMP, Editor and Owner.tfteUired at the Paris, Kentucky,PMtoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)Ayrroaeoiis reflection upon theMterMifce)? 'standing or reputation o?mmj parson? Ann or corporation whichsay appear in the columns of THEBOURBON NEWS will be gladly cor-if brought to attention oi tne0ADVERTISING RATESDisplay' Advertisement, $1.00 per$r first time; 50 cents per mensubsequent insertion.Reading Notices. 10 cents per linetack 3fue; reading notices in black4nt Iff' cents per line, each issue.Carjas of thanks, calls on candl--4atospbituariesand resolutions, andsimilar, niatter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisesassttsd yearly contracts.Tkaigfight of publisher is reseivedto eVecUne any advertisement or othermatter for publication.Announcements for political officesmast -"invariably be accompanied bythe cash.- ?rThis paper has enlistedtoitKfhe government in thecause of America for theperiod of the war -'jaCTOBIAI MUSINGS.ly, . D.Cassecks and Khaki.lfeere are over twenty-five thous' ami. dktholic priests in the FrenchTAUteine.-The'regipiental chaplains are there,of course, and as France is a Catholiccountry there are fcwo priests toeveryPxotestant chaplain and JewishRabbLl.But thousands of the priestsserve in "the ranks. "N"There is a strategic advantage inthis. When it is necessary to senda soldier'on a dangerous tnissipn unmarried men are at a premium, andthe priest offers himself without feeling aipy of the compunction thatmightT'da'unt the family man. There"will. Xf& ho orphans left destitute if hedoes not return.' Of th JZr brother priest starts on thesame jmission an hour or two later,to guarantee its execution. While nota foregone conclusion, an accident to' tlie fiirst volunteer is more than ajtrobajitjlty. And by virtue of theirjwrofesMon it is taken that both thesegambrs have' an outlook in lifeand etprnlty which invests themwitk, ascertain aloofness. They havecooler heads and steadier nerves thanany gamster at the roulette boardcould jahpw. To them death is a trivial incident;", it neither brings horeoas the progress o experience. ' 'Itmereljrmarks a changev -,Iacfcteats ot this kind become socommotf'during defense of 'Verdunthat tifey went unnoticed." 'Even e,Sad wibee'rf therewould Hardly haveTesnarb1J;it in" days sb"crowdedKwittithxill&PJButas we take the questionnaire jpudvread the section that dealswith ae study and profession of diviaitytwe realize more fully the degree to which French man-power hassees, strained. "We could hardly findsuch, asection. in a French documentof anfirind.But,;the French write no epics onthis feature of the war. When a regimentals' changing ground it is common tosee a priest invite a Rabbi toprecede him. "After you, sir," he says"the Old Testament before the New."WTienPrOtestants, Catholics andItabbistand hourly in the face ofiieathand select such a time to kideaoh other about questions , of doctrtoe that separate them, we whoSave not yet faced the music would46 well to take stock of ourselves.Wer should at least pause beforeolatnllr -exemption in a questionnaire. niTheirv'ink private' ' Iras 'Often -seenjus MOty Joe Qregimea.au -Tcnapiain;ment for our soldifrs'wheh they 'return from the batlli&tronts. Nevertheless it tis a fact -that practicallyevery department and bureau of theGovernment has been developingways and means toward reconstruction, and they will all be put forward. Secretary Lane, in a letter Jothe President, recalls that followingthe Civil War the soldiers went uponthe homestead land which wasthrown open to entry. Congress isasked to get busy upon a plan thathas been outlined by him to preparegovernment lands, to supply drainageand other important and extensiveimprovements that will be necessarybefore land in great quantities canbe jmade available. At the close ofthe Civil War this was 'an agricultural rather than a manufacturingnation, and it is impossible to fore-1cast the percentage of soldiers whowill go upon farm land. It will benecessary to provide employment forfive million men and to transfer millions of war workers into employment in civil life.There is in process of completionwar orders amounting to billions ofdollars, and when a declaration ofpeace comes most of these will necessarily be cancelled immediately.Congress is beginning to pay attention to these problems which will entail great losses to manufacturers-running into amounts aggregatingbillions of dollars, and the adjustment of which will create a situationof uncertainty that will exist foryears to come. "Intimately connected with the question of labor is theone relating to social welfare," declared one of the Senators, who added that the European countries havetaken steps, nationally, relating towelfare questions; for example, theprovision for old age pensions, lifeinsurance and other similar matters.As To Tips.The tip has no place where labor isrecognized as honorable service. Itis a survival of the old master andservant days, when gratuities by persons to the manner born were givenas a reward to severity. The tip goesalways from a superior to an inferior, never from servant to master.It is not a recognition of service7 forthe inferior never tips the superiorfor service rendered. That would beconsidered an insult.This debasing custom, once common to all labor, has been eliminatedfrom all but a few branches of service, such as waiters, porters, barbers and servants. The practice isso generally despised that attemptshave been made to legislate it out ofexistence.. But that is a wrong useOf the law-making power, and will.not, without,, co-operation of tiptak-ers, cure the evil.The victim of the system must bereached. He must be shown that evenacceptance of the tip does not increase his wage, for as the gratuitiesgo up his wages go down. There areplaces where waiters and porters payfor the privilege of serving withoutwages. But, it addition to its beinguseless as a means of increased earnings it becomes a burden by fixingupon the recipient a badge of inferiority.Protect Your Town.Protect your own town and therebyshow that you are in favor of protection. If protection is good for thenation it is good for the town. Astownspeople we should favor ourtown above every other, as thegrowth and development of it is whatwill enhance the value of all property, both in and about it. Thenbuy your dry goods, groceries, hardware, furniture, etc., at home; havefprinting, your blacksmithing, yourshoemaking done at home; patronize"home in every instance that you can.The success of our merchants and mechanics means new business housesand residences, additional demandsfor labor of various kinds. To thefarmer' a "first-class town affords abetter" market for his grain, a bettertrading point, and such a town isbound to increase the value of hisland. Unquestionably "in unionthere is strength." Let us protectour town.STOP PAIN! BUB OUTNEURALGIA TORTURE-stoal oVer the top to drag-itfar wound- fel1 .immediately all pain4 rifleman, But there are many ofTBTfirflclaitti, on the slenderest jdstUcatjtpjv,' - to . be J engaged MnV 'eaent&al occupations" who could hardlyrpect the above-mention Yank toiUm us witk Holy ice. - '.InstantARelief ! Rub Neuralgia PainFrom Your Face, Head or BodyWith "St. Jacob's Liniment."You are to be pitied but remember that neuralgia torture and pain,is the easiest thing in the world tostop. .Please don't continue to suffer; its so needless. Get from yourdruggist the small trjal bottle of "St.Jacob's Liniment;" pour a little inyour hand and gently rub the "tender ,nerve" or sore - spot, and in-4Beortiftfrtb 'the- reconstructionUtpicMlMH- Gencress it -appearsthat mUnskavJeyet beenaertoualy considered for the- demobiBmtiofc'oi ouF'army aiuTIiivy aftertfce war. Tke- roMem is ifo what is! "te-'witli thme.4ust 'bett, awaarsto-'be thoryand ache and soreness Is gone.St. Jacob's Liniment" conauerspain. ,t ris perfectly harmless anddoesn't , burn' -or 'discolor the skin.-No thingelse gives relief so quickly.It never fajls to' stop neuralgia paininstantly, whether in the face, heador any part of the body. Don't suffer.(adv),. . " si,The health and longevity of theBulgarians Is believed! to be due toJtheir'use of garlic with its disinfecting properties, itstid to digestionand its action on the intestinal tracts, ti-? fcr6Af 1LUCIOC8teWotae MWLUciors tied, un Lon-doiiteamiwjttrx bv a recent strike" form maV4li'l i1 A- 'v..... t.x.T. I'.. . '-.3.. 1... Or ""w wiiu, wuiuaoamat'CMMfPOTKu r "" -had- fera. allotted to the mwi em-wart toa plam ;oC better- jioyes Iwt aot to the women.--- ?"Found.-On Winchester pike, automobiletail light and License No. 22961.Owner may have same by paying forthis advertisement. Call at BOURBON NEWS office. . . (15-3t)WANTED.Good woman for general housework, white or colored. Good wages.MRS. DlCVTD ADES,170 Forrest Avenue,(15-tf) " Lexington, Ky.FOUNDIn the court house, a boys' overcoat, presumably belonging to one ofthe draftees under examination before the Bourbon County Draft Board.Owner call at the County Clerk'soffice and prove property.PEARCE PATON.FOR RENT.Cottage on Walker avenue, nearCity School. Has front porch; hall;four rooms; kitchen; pantry; twopresses; electric lights; gas; water;two grates; coal house; lumber room;good garden and fences; all in goadrepair. Also flats of three rooms andtwo rooms on Seventh street, betweenMain and High streets.J.-B. NORTHCQTT,(12-tf) Cumberland Phone 833.For SalePure -bred Buff Orpington pulletsand cokerels, also a choice lot ofWhite Leghorn pullets. Must be soldin the next five days.MRS. FRANK P. BEDFORD, JR.,Paris, Kentucky.Cumberland Telephone 626.Wanted !Stoves, Furniture, Etc.We are In the . market- for goodsecond-hand stoyes, both, gas and coalheaters. Also second-hand furnitureof all descriptions, WiU-ay cash.If you will have any of the above,call over Cumberland phone 780.F. B. THOMAS FURNITURE CO.(novl2-3tpd)V'It -sHow Domestic ConsumersCan Save Gas.P i ix' -1 tDON'TDON'TDON'T-burn lamp in daytime.keep hot water tank flame higher than necessary.turn gas on for cooking until .you have vesselready for use; turn off immediately when cookingis completed. -- DON'T use gas at high pressure and long flames. Shortflames, if properly directed, consume les gas forthe same cooking operation.DON'T turn the gas high after cooking Boils. Afterboiling begins, the same temperature can bemaintained with smaller gas consumption.DONT keep rooms at over 68 degrees; lower temperatureby turning down gas, not by opening doors andwindows.DON'T burn gas in a furnace without automatic thermostat control. Such an automatic device preventsv overheating and waste of gas7.DOO'T burn gas in an ordinary coal furnace. It requiresmuch more gas for the same heat than with aspecially built furnace.Paris Gas & Electric Company.(Incorporated)....u:T ..V4 .AT AUCTIONBfl B Bs Bl B3 BsBjBS!Wednesday, Nov. 2718At 11 o'clock a. m.f on the premfses on the Clintonville pike, four miles from the city limits of Paris, Ky., we willoffer at public sale, without reserve or by-bid, rain or shine, the splendid farm of Hon. A. S. Thompson, containing337 1-2 acres, divided into three tracts of ' -'"7- - - 'RICH, PRODUCTIVE LAND. Mr. Thompson has decided to quit farming and move to Paris to engage in other business, and has instructed usto sell his farm, which is one among the best improved farms in the county. Fully one-half of the farm is in oldBlue Grass sod and is now read forHEMP, TOBACCO AND CORNTBACT NO. 1 CONTAINS 150 ACRES, MORE OR LESS, AND IS THE HOME PLACE OP MR. THOMPSdN Two-story pressedbrick residence, with, slate roof and stone foundation and full dry cellar under length of house. Has large reception hall, dining room,bed room, pantry, complete bath and kitchen on first floor and three bed rooms and hall on second floor. Cistern at door with forcepump in kitchen, large front veranda and back porch, large buggy house easily converted into garage, smoke house, two hen houses, toolhouse, servant's house with two rooms, stock barn on solid concrete foundation, capacity 12 head, cistern attached, large concretewater tank, capacity 6 barrels and supplied from bored well with an inexhaustible supply of water for bam and residence; stock barnNo. 2 with two sheds, capacity 18 to 20 head of horses.. -The farm is under splendid outside and inside fencing; 60 acres old blue grass sod, 55 acres in wheat, forty of which is -sownto blue grass with splendid standi 25 acres for cornt and also 10 in new grass. Two splendid ponds, some young timber, one fullbearing peach orchard and full hearing orchard tof mixed fruits. The house is equipped with hot water furnace in splenclid shape, besides having-natural gas tor both lightand heat under perpetual contract.TRACT' NO" 2CONTAINS 75 AGRES-AmAJJJOINS TRACT NO. 1Has five-room tenant house, smoke-hoqse, buggr house,hen house, good ice house, an5 old-fashioned well; six-ton stock scales in good repair; good fencing, combined stock and tobacco barn,on stone foundation, 48x60, 20 feet to the .eaves, racks and thoughs to feed 130 cattle, and has tight loft floor; concrete silo that holds270 tons and a California red wood silo that holds 160 eons; concrete water tank holding 55 barrels water, supplied' by never-failingspring; 30 acres old blue grass sod, 18 acres in clover, remainder in high state of cultivation. - ., ,. rTRACT NO. a CONTAIN? 112& ACRES OF UNIMPROVED LAND AND K' MILES- HtOK TRACTS! AND 2, BUT PACESON THE SAJ& PTTTE Has beautfful building 'site and enough fine timber to build tobacco barn. It is well watered, with two pools andpond, and is under good fencing; 60 acres old blue grass sod, every foot of which will grew fin tobacco or hepip. No tobacco was evergrown on this tract and it is a big money-maker fpr the lucky buyer.TERMS -10 ot purchase price In cash at hour of sale, or its equivalent, 23 1-3 March 1, 1919, when possession will be givenand the remainder in one and-twoyear notes, bearing six per cent, interest. wi ia- rUr TCOL. GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer..r 'SPEAKESL. D. HARRIS, General Manager.Kin ernrzp..' vwrV'4vW3tf.1VvVTUESDAY, NOVEMBEM 19, 1918.TOE BOTOBOH HEWS PIS KMTOqnr,M6CLETTERS FROM BOURBON COUNTS JSOLDIER kW SAILORShKhhhhhHHHHMhMhhuhhhUhKOne of the jmost interesting lettelrs that hae come from across theAtlantic, that is, one of the most interesting that has come to ournotice, is-ons from Sergt. Paul Brannon, of Paris, written, from France in.October to his father, Mr. Barney J.Brannon, in this city. The letterfollows:"Somewhere in France.October 21, 1918."Dear Old Dad: When, in thecourse of human events, it comestime to write to youwe find we havelots to say, but not the tjyme necessary iu write tne volume. Up todate I have not received a line from" any of you, so I suppose my mail hasbeen misplaced."To-day the sun is shining gloriously and there is real warmth inthe air, the first similarity to goodold Kentucky I have noticed. , Thesa-nd, which covers the ground, hasthawed a little, that is, it is a littlebit dryer than it has been since ouradvent, and the walking is difficult.Mud is a disagreeable memory thatmakes sa-nd rather a pleasant circumstance. This camp, it is said, isone of the largest in France, and isfull of schools of almost every description. I have been attending thegas school for some time and am toleave this week for parts unknown tome at present for an advanced course.Have been assigned as instructor inras warfare for this, battery, and &o.PMed to everythjrfg that iff likely toat least, Uncle Sam has placed me in imy element, for my duty is to do lotsof talking. I have never liked the 'FOR SALEPure Duroc gilts. Will sell at reasonable price.E. F. PRICHARD,(tf) Paris, Ky.LOSTNear Paris, a hound bitch, white,with lemon spots; heavy with pupsAny information regarding same willlie appreciated or rewarded.0. L. STEELE,(29-tf) Phone 413, Lexington, Ky.IRONWe pay highest prices for ironunk, hides a-nd wool.MUNICH & WDDES & CO.,Eighth St., Paris, Ky.,Cumb. Phone 374.(2fr-tf)PUBLIC SALEOFHorses, Mules, Cattle, Sheep, Hogs and FarmImplements.As I have sold -my farpi I will sell at my place (known as N. BaylessTfarm) two miles from Paris, on May sville pike, onTuesday, November 26, 1918,at JLO o'clock a m. sharp:1 pair 7-year-old black Percheronmares in foal to jack;1 pair 3-year-old black Percherons,well broke: ' '1 half Percheron gelding, 3old;1 saddle and driving mare,broke, in foal tojack;2 pair coming 3-year-oldyearsladywellmatched mare mules;1 yearling mare piule;1 yearling horse mule;1 weanling mare mule, good;1 race horse, 3 years old; ,1 6-year-old Shetland pony;1 yearling Shetland filly;5 extra good milk cows, calves byside;2 red cows1 black pole cow, be fresh by dayof sale5 black long yearling steers, 750pounds;11 black yearling heifers, 700pounds;8 black calves;6 jersey cows, fresh;70 3-year-old black-faced ewes,due to lamb March 1;2 extra good Southdown bucks; v1 sow and 8 pigs;1 sow and 5 pigs;5 brood sows, farrow in spring;1 Poland China boar;17 cattle shoats;1 Chester white boar;1 'Jersey Duroc boar; - ;24 shoats;1 Deering Binder, new;2 peering Mowers;2 Brinley cultivators;1 Bull Rake; '1 Black Hawk corn, planter,1 potato planter, fertilizer attachment; . , .,...1 one-horse fertilizer drill,2 tongueless Randall Harrows;1 60-tooth harrow;1 roller; 2 double-shovel plows,1 Bemis Tobacco-Setter;2 breaking plows;r tr NvAtAi virvOTM vWill also rent about 100-acres of,1, 1919.TERMS Made known on day of sale.JOHN SAUERyGetfire D. Spetkes. -Auctioneer.!(I2vi5t). ; -;,.IIISupply Sergeant job, and so I welcomed the new job with wild huzzasand everything. (I take this opportunity to insert here that Frenchflies are occupying most of the airspace in this room, and while theyclosely resemble our own English orhouse species, the latter are civilizedcompared to these foreign demons.)I wish you could have been withme in parts of the trip we made, incoming over here. Other parts wouldhave been too much to wish on anyone. The trip across the deep, bluewater was indeed, a revelation. Thewater was really blue all right andwhile none of us tested tho. Aanfh ixrwere willing to take the geography'sword for that. One of the boys madethe remark that "there must havebeen lots of rain in that countrv "We had a couple of really roughdays and the good old scow we wereon did a few circus stunts, provedthe theory of gravitation backwardsand caused quite a bit of anxietyamong the wounded. Just at Thepause in one of the rolls, when betswere m'ade on the outcome (meaningwhether she would come back up orwould complete the circle) one farmer got off one that has been adoptedby the whole regiment. Everyonewas gripping the rail-or slicing downthe deck, when this fellow yelled:"Hold, her, Newt! She busted a surcingle!" The same phrase is now zn-. . . r . - . -get loose."After disembarking we were plac-ed in what is termed a rest camp fora few days. The word, rest, surelycan't have just the same meaning inEngland that it implies in America.Scotland is by far the most beautifulcountry I have seen, though it is justlike is was the last time I was here.Two hours after crossing the borderinto England we were Red Crossedat Derby. Six: hours after that wewere Double Crossed at Romsey, acase of British rations. Am positivethat the English expression, 'fed up,'is figurative in the extreme. Stayedin England two or three days, Arrived'in La Belle France, we went to an-otner 'rest camp, (orotner to tne firstone.) After a few days we en-box-carredto our present location, whereour fare is degrees better. With ourown lir old kitchen the cuisine isexcellent and regular and on .theAmerican plan."I feel bound to give you my ob-servations, as I proceed, on the Amer-icah part. I can't understand how lovefor one's Fatherland, Motherland, Sisterland or any other land can remaininspired in anyone who has lived ,iathe United States, and who has leftit except the love of Yankeeland.Would like to make the suggestionthat a sure cure for Pro-Germa-nisjm1 potato plow;1 Mitchell two-horse wagon, newH1 two-hdrse waeron. combination'bed; ' - " " Xj:ai- 1 hay frame; '11 Studebaker 1-horse wagon;1 Frazier break cart, new; tl1 good spring wagon; ' xv ', -1 runabout' buggy; u1 drag;l wheat fan; j6 feed troughs; ' i1 sled; 1 corn sheller; , '1 pond scraper; j1 horse clipper, new;l'corn crusher;1 grind stone; '1 rock hed;1 feed cooker, good;1 No. 9 cream t separator;Lot milk cans,' 5 and 8 gallons;1 lard press;1 whitewash spray;1 wheelbarrow;2 cross-cut saws;2 fence stretchers;75 new gunny bags;1 set all leather gears, extra good;1 man's saddle; - -1 boy's saddle, new; ,1 set break 'harness ; ' ,3 sets work gears1 extension ladder;200 locust posts;4 barrels salt;3 barrels lime;2 iron mantel pieces;6,000 strawberry boxes;200 fence stays;15 tons baled alfalfa hay (homegrown) ;17 'tons baled mixed hay;2 tons straw;1 straw rick;3 water troughs;1 platform scales;1 pair ice hooks;12 hot-bed sashes, with glass;Lot chickens,-ducks and geese;200 shocks extra good corn, willmake better than barrel to shock;Pitch forks, tools, etc., too numer-I ...n 4. winmflAni ill iiiriii.iuii.grazing from December 1 to MarchiE&st Tennessee Phone 152:xwould be to make 'the patient-leaveAmerica, for a , while And .then-'be allowed to return. Many a loyal' Yan-'kee could be made by, this' treatment.Don't get the impression that I amdying of homesickness oranytfiingime inai. DUt. the-good old U. S. A.iTJt'l0 ld World ""tries so far that if it were not. forthis perfectly good war going onhere I would not waste any time becoming homeward bound."Had some postcard pictures madeyesterday with Frank Higgins. Heit in Battery C. Will set them Wednesday and you -may expect my nextletter with illustrations. We have agreat many. Bourbon county boys inthis outfit, and most of us have madean agreement to mention each other'snames m our letters home, so that ourrespective families may hear from usouener. I see Merritt Slicer and BobLink almost every day. . - They havebeen made Sergeants and so they arenow 'three-stripe men.' Harry Barlow, Cooper, McPherson, Harrison,Breeze, Hill, Emmett and ErnestKiser, Mitchell, Patton, Renaker,Wachs, Wilson arid Patrick are 'stillwith us, and are having the time oftheir lives. So, if you IfanDen to seeanyone interested in these boys tellthem they are 'present or accountedfor.' Have not seen Bob Hughes sincecoming here, but his organization isin this camp somewhere. Also, if youhappen to see any "prospective "foreign service men, you might disillusionize them on one or two points,viz: Tell them -that if they expect tobe pioneers in this game, as we did,to forget it, for the 'genus Americane soldat' is exceedingly thick inthese parts, so they won't be a curiosity. Another thing I found outthrough painful experience is that itnever pays to pack extra accessoriesin your roll for a mole-hill becomesa mountain if they hike in England "Since inscribing the foregoingdashes have answered the one callthat all soldiers love to answer,namely, mess call. We had a lovelysupper served in one course, consisting of beans, stewed tomatoes, stewed something else, rice, bread andcoffee. Not a bit too bad, as we usedto say in Canada. 'Sometimes someof us go outside the camp, buy eggsfrom one of the French girls and takethem into one of the shops, where wehave them cooked. The eggs costabout six france a dozen, and thecooking two fames, totalling anexpenditure of $1.50 in real money.They make a nifty meal, though, andthe treatment is made as often as thenecessary francs are obtained."The French people I have talkedto know a great deal more Englishthan we do French. If we do happen to get over a word they can understand they shrug their shouldersand exclaim, 'Oh; la, la.' That is, thegirls do. We never talk to the men.The shrug part is just the same asthe cartoonists draw it. I can saya few things in French and by waving my arms am usually able to buywhat I want. Sergt. Hill and I wentdown to get some eggs and not beingable to find any bought some grapesand some cakes. As we looked aroundto see what else we wanted I noticed some small bottles of pickles on ashelf. Just what we wanted. Spending our last three francs we procured two bottles of the alleged picklesand returned to camp. We ateour grapes and cake on the way back,and reserved the pickleb, so that wecould eat them in front of the otherfellows and tell them where theycould buy some just like them. Ar-Irived at the -barracks we incited tneclamorins: mob. as we expected.Would have gotten by all right if we-had only looked in the bottles alteronenins: them. I stuffed all' tne"'pickle in"my mouthhat'I could to-avoid losing too manyxoi uiqm wue-ufhe inevitable-rush of the otner tei-lows to get some of thfin came. Sodid Sergt. Hill. 'Somehow, they amnttaste like other pickle's I had eaten,returned to -see iZtHill' was eating hisah'd -eaught him locking at me. He'ii&'ii hif n. tinkle! inihis hand. The'expression' on his faceimust have beenfunny; for thdnopjdidn't make .the'expejcted'rusn, mrcstartea to mu&ii.swallow often, and, as'& prospectiventructor, I have made1 it a habit. So-it happened that I executed tne command before I meant ito. What Millhad in his nand was the posteriorKoif 'nf email! The bottles were full'of these pickled snails 'Hill swallow-r j .. 4-v.rvm -VT1 tsnT Viarl n Tin.rt-ner in misery for once", Moral Alwivs look into small bottles of'pickles' bought in little French shops'before eatmg any ot tnem.' ' To-day a cat came around the cor-ner of our barracks and one of thefellows called, "Kittie,Jkittie" Thecat ran to 'him and rubbed herselfagainst his hobnails. He said it was-the first French inhabitant that hadever understood a word he said. Onthe whole, it is not bad" here and weare growing to like it more everyrtav. The thoroughfare that passes'in front of our barracks is a publicroadway and lots of ifinny tranlc goesby." Miniature .donkeys' pulling greatclumsy, two-wheeled carts, teams ofhorses with yokes on their necks, bigLiberty trucks, little caterpiller tractors olden times side by side withthe most modern conveyances. Eachbattery occupies one barracks and infront of each one the respective organization artists have built all sortsof things from sand, of different colors, rock and bits of. coal. One I sawyesterday in front of D Battery's barracks is really a Tieautiful piece ofwork, being formed around a spreadeagle 'and a double flag. The fellowwho put it together was a landscaper artist in civilian life, and lots otpassers-by stop to have a look at hiswork."There is a lot of peace talk goinground every day, but no one putsmuch stock in such rumors and thewar goes on just the same. Nobodyover here wants it to stop just yet, aswe all want to get a crack at someof the Boches. Have heard that youhave a great deal of Spanish influenza. Hope it Tiasn't been bad. Theepidemic has subsided pver here Allof us who knew Bishop Battertonwere grieved to hear of his death.Haven' tseen anyone I ever saw before since embarkation except an oldBattery A )man who wa transferred.out of the Battery, in March for railroadorkbroacU.W?wr on-a-sidtrack at 'Angers whejhVpaaeed on afreight. In a minute everyone wasyelling, and he looked around andbeheld old Battery-A itself, in Franceat last. He was overjoyed to see ialmost StaSSffiSLta in teS!ing us 'Hello. Good bve and fnLuck"Having exhausted my Corona ribbon will add this on the Royal machine. More mail came in to-night,but still no letter for me. One of theboys received a BOURBON NEWSand a Kentuckian-Citizen, and talkabout a crazy lot of nuts, you shouldnave seen us. We almost scrappedfor, that copy of THE NEWS and theother paper, too. The New York Herald and the London Daily Mail," hich we get every day never had asmuch real news as those two papersneia tor us., will send you a fewcopies of the Stars and Stripes, J heAmerican E. F. official paper."Well, as I wrote in the beginningof this letter, I lack time to writethe most of what I have in mind, sowill continue in another one later on.Love to all, and for Heaven's sake,write lots of letters."Yours in Everything,"PAUL.""Sergt. E. Paul Brannon,Battefy A., 326th Field Artillery,"American Expeditionary Forces,"France, via New York.", i T?3 y ?3 ,BACKACHE IS A WARNING.ParisPeople Should Not NeglectTheir Kidneys.Backache is "often nature's mostfrequent signal of weakened kidneys. To cure the pains and aches,,to remove the lameness when itarises from weakened kidneys, youmust reach the cause the kidneys.If you have pain through the small ofyour back, urinary disorders,' headaches, dizzy spells or are nervousand depressed, start treating the kidneys with a tested kidney remedy.Doan's Kidney Pills have beenproved good and are especially forweak kidneys. Doan's have been usedin kidney trouble for over 50 "years.Read Paris testimony.Floyd H.. Rankin, grocer, Lilies-ton avenue and Lucas street, says:I have used Doan's Kidney Pills offand on for years and have beenreatly benefited. At times I havesuffered severely with kidney complaint. My back often pained meand was lame most all the time.The kidney secretions were too frequent in passage and greatly annoyed me. Whenever I have been thisway, a box of Doan's Kidney Pillshas never failed to cure me of the attack in short order."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Rankin, had. Foster - MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)The Countess of Stafford, formerlyMrs. Samuel Colgate, of New York',has converted her London home,"Shandos House," into an annex tothe Y. M. C. A. officers' inn. .S 3 1There is more Catarrh in this section of the country than all otherdiseases put together, and for years.it was supposed to be incurable.Doctors prescribed local remedies,and by constantly failing to cure withlocal treatment, pronounced it incurable. Catarrh is "a local disease,greatly influenced by constitutionalconditions and therefore requiresconstitutional treatment. Hall's Catarrh Medicine, maunfactured by FLj. uneney & uo., Toieao, unio, is aconstitutional remedy, is taken internally and acts through the blood onthe mucous surfaces of the system."One hundred dollars rewardis offeredfor any case that Hall's Catarrh Medicine fails to cure. Send for circularsand testimonials.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Props.,Toledo, Ohio.Hall's Family Pills for constipation.All Druggists. 75c.A .fine ofv'$100 each has been imposed upon two women sugar hoarders. Mrs. J. S. McAleer and Mrs.-H.fiC. Troxel, of Lock Haven, Pa., whoeach had 100 pounds stored away.Is what you get if you take the Fu-gazzi Way. The demand for ourgraduates is much greater than wecan supply. We court a thorough investigation. Send for Booklet "The FugazzaWay Leads to the Highest Positions"and you'll be convinced that this is,the best school for you to attendMiss Fugazzi is in her office each dayjfrom 9 trf 12 and 1 to 5 p. m. tomeet prospective students. Enrollnow and be ready to start -when the,"flu" ban is raised.Fugazzi School ofBusiness !Efficiency is Our WatchwordMiss Irene 3uzazzi, Pjrlncpalc Jmis. u. . juues, assu xrucipai.118 N. UDDer St.. Second Hoor,, Lexinrton, ,bfflCisfilTrainingPRINTZMSCOATSa1Graceful Lines and Splendid Service iThese Beautiful Coats.xOf all the -Fall Coats that we have seen for. a number of years these stylish Printzess garments are the most attractive. Some havehandsome fur collars and are very aristocratic.The belts, too, are novel and artistic.You get the height of style and smartnessin these Printzess coats-real "distinction in''dress." You also obtain lasting value and dependable all-wool quality in these coats whfchare exquisitely tailored even to their smallestdetails. They not only fit well at first, but theyhold their stylish lines throughout the life ofthe garment.We want you to look at these new Printzesscoats and try them on without feeling under theslightest obligations to buy. We want you to seethe value and the exquisite tailoring for yourself. We want you to note the prices xwhichmake printzess Coats and Suits the most economical and yet the most stylish garments youcan obtain;anywhere.WOLF ,WILE CO.LEXINGTON, KY.It is Time To Be Thinking AboutHeat For the WinterCOAL ISYou will have to depend largely on gas.have a full line of the celebratedWilsonOdorless Heatersto select f pom, StartLOWRY& MAYiiJ"7GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL . DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 2S9Corner-Fifth ami -Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.JNv DirectoryHome Telephone, Co.Our new directory will go toT press within. thft"nearfuture, ndjf you. are thinking of having a telephone installed we "would be glad "to figure with you. Wearepermitted by the Government fo make Yiew installationswhere service is needed, for essential purposes, and .provided we bave facilities and the "Service Connection9iarge" 'is paid by the subscriber. Thfscharge is veryreasonable compared with that of piping your houae- forwater t)r-gas, or wiring it for electric lights, and imposedby the Government as a war measure only.Paris Home Telephone & Telgraph Co.J - (icorporated.) - ,J: J. VEATCH, W. H. CAXMOIKDistrict Manager ; ' Lo&l ICuacer,-t.-TJWVSCARCEWe.-:early.ESCiKlXIBI9C!iI31IIX1KIXIII.IXIXXIXIXIXIXIXIX1XIfttf'A1it'Js a J-wtt ITS' fHT ,"? y A .,Vi : lip --l? jsrM fjr? ;'- - - , Ag. TEg-fe.,t 'fcf-X,r -a6-VJCXPAGE TOUI-f y-THE BOU2BOX HEWS, PAHS,, XEXTUOKTTUESDAY, NOVEMOTM. If 1&1&, '" BEEOXT OF THE COOTITIOH OF THE .Farmers & Traders Bankdoing business at the town of Paris, County of Bourbon, State of Kentucky, at the close of. business on 15 day of November, 1918:Report of the condition of TheFRANK&GO. IPeople's Deposit Bank and Trust Co.doing business at the town of P&rie, County of Bourbon, State ofKentucky, at the close of business on 15th day of November, 1918:LADIES' OUTFITTERS"a-ar'AHRESOURCESLoans and Discounts i ,,, . .?258,560.95Overdrafts, secured and unsecured j, .. ., " 4,791.63Stocks, Bonds and other Securities .i .;. - . . , , . 50,680.54Due from Banks - 59,560.42Cash on hand 14,449.58Checks and other cash items . . . . '. 101.40Banking House Furniture and Fixtures 1,000.00Total .... . '. $389,144.52LIABILITIESCapital Stock paid in, in cash $ 60,000.00Surplus Fund ' 8,000.00Undivided Profits, less expenses and taxes paid 4,263.37Deposits subject to check 235,486.90Time Deposits 57,114.56 292,601.46Due Banks and Trust Companies 4,279.69Bills Payable ... ,, , 20,000.00, , Total ..'. . ; $389,144.52JSTATE OF. KENTUCKY,'County of Bourbon Set.We, S. L. Weathers and John W. Yerkes, Vice-President and Assist-ant Cashier of the above named Bank, do solemnly swear that the abovestatement is true to the best of our knoweldge and belief.S. L. WEATHERS, Vice-President,JNO. W. YERKES, Assistant Cashier.iQiicV.c;nrihPri n;nd sworn to before me this' 18 day of November. 1918.WALLACE W- MITpHEI, jNotary Public.,$Ly Commission Expires January f, 192J,Correct Attest;iis"1u .?.-,D. W. PEED,M. HUME PAYNE.GEO. K. JONES,Directors.rf rZJi BEP0ET OF THE CONDITION OF . .." Bourbon-Agricultural Bank and Trust Co.doing business at the town of Pris, County of bourbon, State of Kenitucky, at the close of business on 15th day of November, 1918:RESOURCES:Loans and Discounts v. ? 823,706.46Overdrafts, secured and unsecured 11,011.68Stocks, Bonds and other Securities.U. S. Bonds Certificates of Indebt- ' .edness x 55,207.93'Due from Banks 218,590.59Cash on hand 17,219.96Checks and other cash items 1,830.99Banking House Furniture and Fixtures 15,500.00Other Assets not included under any of the above heads . . 00Total .TJABILITIES:.$1,143,067.61Capital Stock paid in, in caah. ? 200.000.00Surplus Fund izo.uuu.vuTTBHirMAri Pmflti Imb axtimimb andtaxes naid'v-riSaLj. ulift .t rAfV SR79 Ofift 1 7y BUMJWWWW ... ...... ..r.,.,.. .. 147,298.58Certificate, of Deposit . . ,Tim DooiUDneBanka and Trust Companies.TNotMMid Bils Rediscounted . . . .Jteserftfoir tauctBills Paya6leI29,992.48726,358.759,330.77.002,385.6150,000.00Total 51,143,067.61STATE OF KENTUCKY,County of Bourbon Set, "We John T. Collins and Buckner Woodford, Presideil and Cashier"of the above named Bank, do solemnly swear that the aBfve statementis true to the best of our knowledge and belief. 'is irue w vuo jqhn T cojjns, President.BUCKNER WOODFORD, Cashier.Subscribed and sworn to before me this 18th day of November, 1918.THOS. W. ALLEN, Notary Public.My' Commission expires, January 25, 1920.REPORT OF THE CONDITION OF THEFarmers Bank of MillersburgDoing business at the town of Millersburg, County of Bourbon Stateiot Kentucky, at the close of business on the 15th day of 'November, 1918:RESOURCES:Xoans and Discounts $331,563.84Overdrafts, secured and unsecured 12,040.08.Stocks, bonds and other securities 16,030.35Due from Banks 35,654.52Cash on hand H2H?Banking house, furniture and fixtures 7,000.00Total '.. $411,192.92LIABILITIESCapital stock paid in, in cash . $ 30,000.00Surplus Fund ; .Undivided profits, less expenses and taxes paid . . . . . . .Deposits subject to check $301,470.41 'Time Deposits 24,703.24 (Due Banks and Trust CompaniesReserved for TaxesBills Payable V.20,000.003,859.83326,173.65, 921.20238.2430,000.00Total . . $411,192.92State of Kentucky,- -County of Bourbon Set.We, W. D. Mclntyre and Sanford Allen, President and Cashier of theabove-named Bank, do solemnly swear that the above statement is true,to 4the best of our knowledge and belief.W. D. McINTYRE, President.SANFORD ALLEN, Cashier.Sworn arid subscribed to before me this 18th day of November,T918 My commission expires January 16, 1920.JOHN F. McDANIEL, Notary Public."WOHEN'S "ACTIVITIES."It is not an army we must shape..nd train it is a nation." Woodrow Wilson.Be present for the .election of aBoard of Directors for the BourbonCounty Red Cross Chapter, Wednesday, Nov. 20th, in the County CourtTooni, at 3 p. in. Every member of thelocal Red Cross is entitled to a vote.At the Red Cross Sewing Booms.Tuesday C. W. B. ,Woman's SocietyCircleWednesdayCatholic Church.Thursday Missionarythe Christian Church.Friday Missionary Society of thePresbyterian Church.ofRefugee garments are to be made.Because the war is at an end, wemust not relax in our efforts, TheNational Red Cross will advise uswhen we are to demobilize.The Surgical Dressing Room isclosed. "Well done, thou good andfaithful servants!"Knitter Wtmted.More yarn on hand than ever before, both for socks and sweaters.RESOURCES:Loan and Discounts , ' ...$ 984,706.27Overdrafts, secured and unsecured 24.912.93Stocks, Bonds and other Securities- ." 46,090.22Due from Banks , 38,196.60Cash on hand A 17,415.57Checks and other cash items 2,766!l5Banking House, Furniture and Fixtures 13000 00Other Assets not included under any j 'of above heads, Payments by Bank onFourth Liberty Loan 150 500.00.Total $1,277,587.74LIABILITIESCapital Stock paid in, in cash 5 150 000 00 .Surplus Fund lOOOOoioOUndivided Profits, less expenses and taxes paid 14 88911Deposits subject to check $603,215.03 'Demand Certificates of Deposit .... 24,719.50Ti,me Deposits 219,917.21 VCashier's checks outstanding 5,268.78 853,120.52Due Banks and Trust Companies 3588 92Reserve for taxes '..'.'.WW '814il9Other Liabilities not included underany of above heads, Payments bysubscribers to Fourth jLiberty Loan :. . 155 175 00Total $1,277,587.74State of Kentucky, (Set.)County of Bourbon.We, S. E. Bedford and C. K. Thomas, President and Cashier ofthe above named Bank, do solemnly swear that the ahoye, statement istrue to the. best of our knowledge and. belief.. S. E. BEDFORD, President.?- , ., C. K. THOMAS, Cashier.Subscribed and' sworn to before me this 18th day of November,1918.NELLIE FARRELL, Notary Public.My Commission Expires January 29, 1920.Ihe boys are not home yet.asked for many garments,not to reason why."We are'It's oursConservation to Continue.Mrs. Fanniebelle Sutherland, Bourbon County Chairman of Woman'sCojmmittee of Council of National De- j "J . 'J J"gHED CROSS TEA ROOM.The following is the menu at theRed Crpss Tea Room for to-day:Swiss steak; mashed potatoes; asparagus on toast; corn bread; creamed brains with peas; pineapple aspic;slaw; chocolate cream; caramel pies;fr-r ca Trtc? Taati iai nocfo) in o mymmilnatini, from F?ank K. Lane. Sec- . The menu for tO-monw; Wednesretary of the Interior, to continue aa Ailows:with vigor all branches of her workthat tend toward conservation andunder no circumstances to relax asthe jiecessity for assistance throughthe many avenues open is even jgreater now than ever before.Conservation methods have beensuccessfully carried out under theveal loaf: escalloDed tomatoes:corn bread; tea; coffee; chicken salad; Waldorf salad; ice cream; chocolate sauce; hot fudge cake; angelfood.The Rooms this week will be incharge of Mrs. Fay Ardery, captain;with the following staff: Mrs. Du-stress of the war and to relax- any l if"" wuipyie, mis. jonn wavis, mrs.v. j-. iii 11 tun, iii5. rjuwaru Jriiciiaru,Mrs. Woodford Daniel, Misses MaryFithian Ilutchcraft and Margareteffort now would not only be wasteful, but destructive of the good thathas been done.S. 0. S. Call Answered by Nurses.Ferguson.A married woman's idea of a per-Mrs. N. A. Moore has responded to , feet husband is one who knows ex-a call from Maysville. Mrs. Mollie j actily where he keeps his extra shirtCamDbell and Miss Sue Jordan have . studs.gone to Carlisle.4."1BIGMrREDUCTIONSINFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSClub Directory.Health and Welfare League.President Mrs. Jas. .McClure.Fist Vice President Mrs. W. O.Hinton.Second Vice President Mrs. Chas.Goldstein.Secretary Mrs. Denis Dundon.Paris Literary Club.President Mrs. W. G Talbott.First Vice President Mrs. W. O.Hinton.Second Vice President Mrs. Catesby Woodford, Jr.Secretary Mrs. Amos Turney, Jr.Treasurer Miss Mary Spears.Auditor Mrs. Harry B. ClayJProgressive Culture Club.President Mrs. Amos Turney, Jr.First Vice President Mrs. J. W.Bacon.Second Vice President Miss ClaraBacon.Recording Secretary Mrs. BrinchMinertz.Corresponding Secretary Mrs. RoyClendenin.Treasurer Mrs. Ed. Tucker.School Improvement Leasrue.President Mrs. Jas. McClure.Vice President Mrs. Albert Mitchell. Secretary-Treasurer Mrs. FrankLowry.Art Club.President Mrs. Catesby Woodford, Jr.Vice President Mrs. FanniebelleSutherland.Secretary-Treasurer Miss BessieEvans. .U. 3). C.President Mrs. J. T. Vansant.Vice-President Mrs. Amos Turney, Jr.Secretary Mrs. Albert Mitchell.Treasurer Mrs. Joe Ewalt.3D. A. R.Regent Mrs. W. G. Talbott.Vice Regent Mrs. Geo. Stuart.Recording Secretary Mrs. JohnBower.Treasurer Miss Blanche Lilieston. Historian Miss Letitia Hedges.Chaplain Mrs. T. H. Clay, Sr.W. T. C. U.President Mrs. Wm. Myall.Vice President Mrs. FanniebelleSutherland.Treasurer Mrs. Bettie Brown.Paris Federaion of Clubs.President Mrs. Fanniebelle Sutherland. First Vice President Mrs. J. T.Vansant.Second Vice Presidents-Mrs. Walter Clark.Recording Secretary Mrs. RobertMeteer. i iCorresponding Secretary MrsJLouis Rogers. ' J"Treasurer Mrs. Chas. GoldsteinDo Your Christmas Shopping EarlyWe Sell Practical Gifts OnlyI Ml IIIIIBflEn jflEfexPIB B ? MbT' VvvUlHCHRISTMASSUGGESTIONSChristmas is just a few weeks off,and your government" has asked youto shop early. It is your duty to standby the request.We have only useful presents forhim and we will be glad to show andadvise you what to buy.Everything reasonably priced.NeckwearHosierySweatersHatsBath RobesShirtsCapsBeltsPajamasSmoking JacketsCopyright 1917, A, fi. Kincbtwua Co.NOW IS THE TIME TO BUYTHAT SUIT OR OVERCOAT!sHart Schaff ner & Marx and KirsbaumSUITS OVERCOATS$12.50 to $45.00 $15.00 to $50.00This store is the home'of good clothes, and we invite. you in to-day to selepf m, ator Overcoat. You can be assured of better values here than elsewhere, and fhe styles rethe very latest. Tailored in new fabrics. Newest colorings and patterns.SUITS OVERCOATS$12.50to$45.00 $1 5.00 to $50.00-rl. r7th andjMainWALSHOne-Price Store Pari k-mm.mrj m mj7'a:&iTUESDAY, NOVEMEEM 19, 1918.l-THE - BOTOB01T HfiWS,, . PAMSjL XEHTTJCrTVrji' -V-KrTfcurfrwife4LfOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSENOTICE gT0 PABIS PUPIIS.Paris pupils of Miss Fugazzi'sSchool of Business, are hereby notified to report for classes on to-morrow,(Wednesday.) A full attendance is desired.!ss Ha TsWE'VE CUT THE BIG CHEESE.Another of the famous big 300,-nound cheese nas been cut at ourSstore. It's fine. This is the first bigcheese of the season.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.ps isa naSOCIAL ASSD PERSONAL,f rComings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.OLD HAMS FOE SALE.Delicous old country hams at 45cper pound.MRS. JAMES H. THOMPSON.Cumb. Phone 256-W Paris, Ky.(19-2t)-Mr. Sherman Owens has movedinto his handsome new home onWinchester street.Mr. Roy Harris, of Tulsa, Oklahoma, is a guest of Mrs. Wm. Beasley and family, near Clintonvillew"?, ? MlB- J- M- Williams,who have been visiting friends andrelatives in Louisville, will return today. Mrs. Sydney Bryan, of Franktort, is a guest of Mrs. J. c. Bryanand other relatives in North Middletown. Mrs. E. H. Borcers, of Columbus,p., is a guest of Mr and Mrs. Wallace .oatierton, at their home nearounwaaii.Mrs. Julian Frank has returnedirom a week's visit tn hor ow ,Mrs. Milton C. Rrnwninrw - o aii.CIRCUIT COURT.In the Bourbon Circuit Court, Saturday, the case of the Commonwealthvs. Oscar Johnson was passed byjudge R. L. Stout until Saturday, November 30. Johnson's attorneys hadmoved for a new trial. He was convicted at the March, term of Courtand given the death penalty for killing William Rice, in this city.IS m7ilR. FEE SUCCEEDS MR. DAVIS'ACCIDENT AND CASUALTYAGENCY.The Travelers' Insurance Company having withdrawn f rojm Paris, Ihave sold my casualty insurance business to Mr. A. J. Fee, representingthe Aetna Accident and Casualty Insurance Company of Hartford, andtake pleasure in recommending bothMr. Fee and the Aetna.(It) , RUDOLPH DAVIS.pS fe 2NO MONEY AVAILABLE TORCOUNTY TEACHERSCounty Superintendent of SchoolsJ. B. Caywood has notified the countyschool teachers that no money is atpresent available for the payement oftheir salaries. He has been assuredthat payment of salaries would beforthcoming on the second Saturdayin December, when the teachers willbe paid for three months.is Ka isA. S. THOMPSON'S PARM TO BESOLD ON NOV. 28TH.On November 27th, at 11 o'clock,Harris & Speakes will sell threetracts of land belonging to Hon. A.S. Thompson, 337 acres of the bestland in Kentucky. Read the big advertisement in another column forfull description and particulars,(19-2t)151 1ft "R -A CORRECTION WE APOLOGIZE.It seems that us newspapers arealways making mistakes. Prof. JamesMilton Scott says that we were entirely wrong in an article in lastissue, especially in regard to a stranger selling Paris people ?25,000 worthof worthless automobile stock. Thefact of the business is, so the Professor says, "that he only sold $14,000worth, and that he got away withonly one-fourth of that amount incash." Wonder how he knows?We are sorry we so misrepresentedthe facts and, gladly make the correction. g Wig iJUNIOR ORDER TO MAZE MEMBERSHIP DRIVE.Bourbon Council Junior OrderUnited American, Mechanics is in themidst of a big membership drive, andso far have taken in about thirty applications. The campaign will closeabout the last of the present month.About the first week in Decemberthese candidates, with about thirtymore, will be taken to Lexington ona special Interurban car, where theywill be initiated into the mysteries ofthe order by the Degree Team of Lexington Council No. 24.fe IBB TBUY THAT SUIT NOW.The war is over and to celebrateright, get into one of our $25 suits.J. W. DAVIS & CO.NOTICETO MEMBERSRED CROSS.OF THEPJease take notice that the annual(meeting of the Bourbon County Chapter of the American Red Cross willbe held to-morrow, Wednesday, November 20, at three o'clock p. m., inthe County Court room in the courthouse. The meeting will be held forthe purpose of electing an ExecutiveBoard for the consideration of andaction on reports and the transactionof other important business as mayproperly come before the Chapter.Each member of the Chapter is earnestly urged to be present.MRS. DENIS DUNDON, Secretary.NEW KAIL SERVICE.The new auto-truck mail servicecon torn nintrl hv the Dostoffice department for Central Kentucky was in-jaugurated yesterdaq The trucKcarrying parcel post and first-classmail left Louisville early in the morning, coming to Danville, from thereto Lexington, then to Paris andthrough CsTithiana to Cincinnati.The truck reached Paris at 11:00a. m. with a miscellaneous cargo ofmail, including first-class and newsnaper mail, as ell as parcel postpackages. Returning it arrived in,Paris at 2:00 p. m., -nd arrived inLexington at 3:15. This service willcontinue each 'day, and will be a.great thing for the people along therural Toutes.T.law,LouisvilleMr. and Mrs. Emerson McKee,have returned to their home in thiscity after a visit to relatives in Fleming county.Mrs. Henrietta Erd, of Chicago,HI., is a guest of her parents, Mrand Mrs. Newton H. Taylor, at theirhome near Paris.Miss Hazel Brewsaugh has returned to her home in nvnthiana ner, .J.Jl 1 " "-". M., O.J.tci d. visit to Mr. and Mrs. J,Tucker, on Fifteenth street.miss Aline Sauer, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. William Sauer, of thiscity, has taken a position with theClarke Hardware Co., in Lexington:Mr. and Mrs. Robert C, Kingand family have returned to theirhome in Carlisle, after a visit to Mrs.Lyda Conway, on Mt. Airy avenue.Dr. A. H. Keller lias returnedfrom Nitro, West Virginia, where hehas been engaged for some time in relief work in the Emergency Hospital.Miss Ruby Mangum has returned to her home in Durham, NorthCarolina, after a pleasant visit inParis with Miss Pasty Clarke andother friends.Mrs. Merritt J. Shobe and son,Master Merritt Shobe, Jr., who havebeen guests of her mother, Mrs.Henry Butler, and family, on Vinestreet, left Saturday for her home inSalem, New Jersey.Mrs. I. L, Price, of Paris, is visiting at the home of her daughter,Mrs. C. A. Teller, in Chicago. Shewas accompanied by her grandson,William Teller, who has been a guestat the home of Mr. and Mrs. Price,in this city.Miss Mary Frances Campbell,who has been at the home of her parents, Dr. and Mrs. Francis P. Campbell, in this city, during the influenza epidemic, has returned to schoolduties at the Ursaline Academy, onWalnut Hills, Cincinnati.Dr. and Mrs. Henry Schwartzand son.- Henry Schwartz, Jr., of Columbus, Ohio, were recent visitors inParis and in Lexington. While inLexington they were guests of Mr.and Mrs. Thos. A. McLaughlin, bothformer residents of Paris.Mr. Adam Adami, of Paris, attended the funeral of Mrs. VictorMucci, in Versailles, Sunday afternoon. Mr. and Mrs. Herman Santen,and Mr. and Mrs. Holt Henry werealso in Versailles, Sunday, attendinghe funeral and burial of Miss LiJIieMcMillan.Mrs. Frederick Wallis, who hasbeen a guest of her parents, Mr. andMrs. Thos. Henry Clay, Sr., on Pleasant street, for several weeks, has returned to her home in New YorkCity. She was accompanied as far asCincinnati by Mr. and Mrs. Arthur B.Hancock. sMr. and Mrs. G. C. Thompson,Sr., and Mr. Wm. H. McMillan leftSunday for St. Petersburg, Florida,to spend the winter. They had contemplated going earlier in the month,hut difficulty in securing sleeping-car reservations caused them to postpone their trip until Sunday.tMisses Helen Taylor, of BowlingGreen and Elizabeth Marshall, ofLexington, who have been guestsof Misses Marie and Mildred Collins,at North Middletown, during the influenza ban period, have returned tothe University of Kentucky to resumetheir interrupted studies. The MissesCollins returned with them.The hospitable home of Mrs.John Wesseljman, of Paris, was thescene of a birth day celebration recently in honor of her daughter-in-law,Mrs. Claude Wesselman, of Lexington. The home was decorated "withcrysanthemums, fall flowers and autumn foliage. Mrs. Wesselman wasshowered with many beautiful giftsand the best wishes of her manyfriends. Among the guests were several from Lexington.THE SICK. Mr. Chas. M. Pennis very ill of influenza at his homeon the Clintonville pike, near Paris.Mrs. Sauire Lucas, an influenza sufferer, is able to be up. Mrs. Lee TJPenn, and son, Mr. Stanley Penn, areboth ill of influenza at their home onthe Bethlehem pike, near Paris. Dr.J. H. Copier is making steady progress toward recovery, and will soonbe able to return home. Mrs. Comerand son, Crayton Comer, are both recovering. Mrs. Comer's mother, Mrs.Nat Collier, continues quite ill.j m mSOUTHERN MOUNTAINEERS INTHE DRAFT.Alice Hegan Rice, in the DecemberRed Cross Magazine, tells of her workat Camp Zachary Taylor in connection with the American Library Association. She says:"In one draft of 9,500 at CampZachary 'Taylor, 800 were illiterates.Of these 100 "were foreigners, leaving700 illiterate white Americans! Manyof the recruits come from the Tennessee and Kentucky mountains, andhave .had little education. The storyis told of one boy 'who, on reachingcamp, was surprised to find that hewas not in France. 'They tole me,"h mid. 'that I'd ride on a railroadtrain, and-orosta big body of water1to git to France, and I done it.' " ISEASON FOR COTTONTAILS ANDBOB WHITES OPEN.The hunting season for rabbit andquail opened in Kentucky, Friday.The rabbit season lasts until January1, while the quail season ends, onJanuary 2. It has been suggested thatsportsmen who would prevent the annihilation of quail give the birds achance this year and kill only theminimum amount, as the severeweather, of last winter did much toward depleting the tribe of BobWhites. According to reports thereare plenty of rabbits this season.The limit for quail is twelve, andit is against the law to sell them.The duck season has been open sinceSeptember 16 and will continue untilDecember 31. A new Federal lawprohibits hunters from shootingducks from power boats. There willnot be much trouble here on thatscore. It is unlawful to sell ducks.,snipes, doves or any migratory birds.There are no restrictions to the killing or selling of rabbits in season.The squirrel season has been opensince July 1, and will last this yearuntil December 16. Local dealers predict rabbits will be plentiful andcheap. But it remains to be seenwhether the "combine" that operated in the rabbit counties last yearwill get in their work again.1 IS. ULSTERETTE OVERCOATSThe popular overcoat for streetwear or motoring in heavy materials j?35.to $45.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Tsa m isaBAD WEATHER RETARDS ROADIMPROVEMENT.Bad weather, following heavyrains, prevented the Southern Asphalt Company, of Louisville, yesterday from inaugurating its road improvement plans in this county. Arrangements had been perfected to resurface the Paris and North Middletown pike with an oil treatment, ofwhich fifty per cent, was guaranteedasphalt.This resurfacing treatment is to beapplied for three consecutive years,when, the contractors say, the roadwill be equal almost to an asphaltedroad. The treatment costs approximately $800 a mile. The companyhas on hand ready for the work twotanks of oil, containing 20,000 gallons each.The work will begin just as soonas weather conditions are favorable.The new resurfacing will make asplendid riding roadway surface.The work may be extended to otherpikes in the county, if favorableweather permits.fe te PaCASE OF DIRE NEED FORRED CROSSTHEThe local Chapter Red Cross ismaking preparations to care for amother who is suffering from tuberculosis and pneumonia. Anyone having old sheets or pillow cases forwhich they have no immediate needand will donate them to the HomeService division of the Red Cross,please let them know. Cill MissHelen Hutchcraf t at the Home service headquarters over Cumberlandphone No. 98, or call at her home,either phone. The Red Cross will bevery grateful to anyone who will supply these articles, which are badlyneeded in a worthy cause.Pa !a TSCUT FLOWERS.Choice cut flowers in bunches ordesigns for funerals, weddings, socialevents, the sick or any purpose whereflowers may be used. Prompt attention given all orders, whether largeor small.JO. VARDEN,(22-tf) Florist Agent.FOURTH LIBERT IT LOANPayments on the Fourth Liberty Loan Bonds are now, due.Please call and settle promptly.PEOPLE DEPOSIT BANK &TRUST CO. (tf )WANTEDAble bodied man to impersonatethe "Kaiser in a Cage" in the big victory celebration in Paris. Apply toCORONER RUDOLPH DAVIS.The FairRead these money-saving valuesfor Saturday only.A final clean-up of merchandisethat must be sold to make room forour holiday goods.Gray Enamelled Pudding Pans,4-quait size, 15c.Large size Meat Choppers, $1.59.Brooms, full size, 50c.Corn Poppers, 19c.Syrup Stands, 35c and up.Eire Shovels, each 7c.Gray Enamelled Steel Dish Pans,17-qt. size, 69c.' Gold-Plated Picture Erames, 39c.. Wood Erame Mirrors, 25c.NEW GOODS JUST ARRIVED.'25c Pair Plyers, 15c; Gold AlloySpectacles, Fancy Paper Napkins,Dime Banks, New Patterns in ShelfPapers, Ladies Knuckle Purses, CedarOil Polish, Order Books, ReceiptBooks, Ledgers, 10c Picture Frames,Fancy Covered Baskets, 10c; Bracelet Watches, 10c; Unbreakable Dolls,big value, very" special, each, 98c;strictly fresh toasted CocoanutMarshmallows, per pound, 25c .FAIR.We Sell Dependable Merchandise for LessThan Any Other House, But for Cash OnlyNbig mmyOF JERSEYr''-DRESSESRegular $32.50 to $35.00 Values$24.75Beautiful models in all the most fashionable colors.Rare values at the above price while they last.HARRY SIMONMain Street, Paris, Ky.224-228 Main Street, Lexington, Ky.THE DAYLIGHT STOREDo Not Be WithoutMusic in Your HomeOur PHONOGRAPHS not only play all DiscRecords, but they are artistic and of the highest quality, and the prices are most reasonable.Buy YourPhonographForChristmasNOWWe deliver when youwish.HearOur RecordsThey have a message for you.BY THEBEST ARTISTSCome in now. Don't wait till the last minute.We are waiting for you now. You can play all orpart, as you please.THE J. THIN TON CO.MOTOR HEARSEMOTOR INVALID COACHUNDERTAKINGEl"!-!!-! 36SIXTH AND MAIN STSHfrffTlHIXIXIXIXIXIXIXIXIXIXIXIXIX1XIXIXIXIiXIXIXIXIXIXIXIJ Vr- svJT1GESIXTHE-SOTOBOir HEWS, PARIS gEHTtfCET;tuesdat, noybmbek if, u3J-'11j1-J'VBUILDING DP -ODR WOMANHDOBisW 5iven Up to Die by Hep Friends,' a, Young Lady Recovers Her 1Health and IncreasesWeight 45 Poundsr Powerful Nation Needs StrongHealthy Women. .A nation is nostronger, : than Its(women. r Hence, it' 3 is the duty of ev-jery woman whether young:, middleage, or in advancedlife to preserve her'health. If you are- sick and- suffering:(don't Trait until to-morrow"but. seeki relief -at , once today. Tomorrow.rour illness may take a chronicrturn.j There is a remedy for ( almost(i every ill. Thousands have found,' ; Peruna to he that remedy as didJMIss Clara Lohr of 21 N. Gold St,.'Grand Rapids, Michigan. She writesta friend: "I don't need Peruna anymore. I am all well after taking- fjsix bottles. I weighed ninety4 pounds before I started and wasjipoor and weakly. I had such- ja cough and spitting all the time-f Ithat I never expected to recover.- i2dy friends gave me up. I could eatjnothing. Now I can eat and weighr?135 pounds. I most thankfully reciommend Peruna to my friends."Miss Lohr's letter is an inspira--tion,a message of hope to sufferingwomen. It tells you that you toomay be strong and well and vigorous. 'Peruna may be had in eitherpiquid .or tablet form. Ask youridealer. If you value health, do notaccept a substitute. Or, Hartman'sCWorld Famous Peruna Tonic is; , JKhal you want The P.eruna Cpmtpany, Dept 79, Cplumbus, Ohio, also'publish Dr. Hartman's Health jsook.fThe book is free. Write for itJTour dealer will give you a PerunaUlmanac, . - TWQ YEARS YET BEFOEE SOLkJX PIERS TOOL-COME HQME,? William Howard Taft, formerPresident of the United States, warned the people in a speech in Chicagomot to expect the soldiers back fromt Prance within two years, because of:the policing which will fall on the. ' -shoulders of the United States."We have two million men in Europe," he said, "and they will he kept- therefor some time to do police work"i iboth in the country of our enemies- .and in Russia, All boats in which the"men were sent across will be .neededto carry food and supplies to both ourallies and our -foes."i W IB H30 ML xianis, tuter wnom xiarristmrg, Pat was named, organized theiirst corps of riflemen on the Susquehanna to protect the infant settlement from Indians.VIKUCHEEKSBe Better LookingTakeOlive TabletsBOUEBOH BED CBOSS HAS SPLENDID RECORD.After about-seventeen months offaithful service the managers of thelocal Surgical Dressings JDepartmentof the Red Cross received orders Friday to" stop workand to .hold allunused supplies until further notice.Thus has closed one of the mostuseful branches of the war service,and those who have labored so patiently, so loyally and so efficiently cannow enjoy a rest with a feeling ofsatisfaction that their- work hasbrought comfort. and relief to manya weary, wounded and sick soldierfar away from home and loved ones.The local branch of the work wasintroduced here by Mrs. May StonerClay, who received her training atChautauqua, N. Y., and WashingtonCity. She organized a class amongthe women of Paris and. BourbonCounty and they have, carried on the'work since August, 1917, througnwinter's intense cold and summer'sfurious heat, never faltering nor failing. The local work has received thehighest praise from headquarters,and lovingly and patiently .theirwilling hands have made bandages,pillows, pneumonia jackets, pads, andevery other hospital or convalescentappliance "that was required, meetingevery request and filling every quotaswiftly and specifically.The work has brought togetherwomen in-all walks of life, andfriendships have been formed andlives have been brought in touch witheach other that otherwise would havedrifted farther and farther apart.Too much praise cannot beaccorded to Mrs. H. Clay Howard, who hasbeen in charge of the work from thebeginning, and who by her charmingmanner and beautiful spirit has sodirected the affairs that not a rippleor a parucie oi iricuon nas iuarreuthe harmony which v hasfrom the beginning to the close ofthis labor of love.Six large boxes of finished workwere shipped Friday. It was notpossible to obtain a complete statement of all the work accomplished inthis department, but it would makea phapter that would be inspiring.Tho Red Cross Sewing rooms willcontinue ppen, and the kind-heartedChristian women will ma.ke garmentsfor refugee women and children.CHAMBERLAIN'S COUGHEDY.BEM-Do not imagine that because othercoush medicines failed to give yourelief that it will be the same withChamberlain's Cough Remedy. Bearin mind that from a small beginningthis remedy has gained a world widereputation and immense sale. Amedicine (must have exceptional meritto win esteem wherever it becomesknown.(adv-nov)la la mThe city of Montreal bought a lotof steel several years ago to enlargethe city waterworks, but the undertaking was postponed. Now the cityhos sold the steel at a profit of $40,-000.""i. us Ba Mi '-This country now leads the nations as an exporter of manufacturedgoods. Before the war the UnitedStates was outranked by 'both GreatBritain and Germany.'V?i-f'A.A CHHJ,H4TES.PH,,CAL03SOSIirELS''I,0fe- -T-avuRAin) BOWELSGive "California Syrup of Figs" IfCross, Sick, feverish,Constipated.Look back at your childhood days.Remember the "dose" mother insistedon castor oil, calomel, catharticsHow you hated them, how you foughtagainsf taking them.With your children it's different.JVlQthers wJio cling' to the old form ofphysic simply don't realize what theydo. The children's revolt is wellfounded. Their ' tender little "insides" are injured by them.If your child's stomach, liver andbowels need cleansing, give only delicious "California v Syrup of Figs."iIts action is positive, but gentle.i Millions of mothers keep this harmless"fruit laxative" handy; they knowchildren love to take it; that it neverfails to clean- the 'liver and bowelsand sweeten the stomach, and that ateaspoonful given to-day saves a sickchild to-morrow.Ask your druggist for a bottle of"California Syrup of Figs," which hasfull direction for babies, children ofall ages and for grown-ups plainlyprinted on each bottle. Beware ofcounterfeits sold here. See that it ismade by "California Fig Syrup Company." Refuse any other kind psvithcontempt. (adv)ENGLISH PAPER GIVES AMERICANS GREAT PRAISE.LONDON, Nov. 14. In .praisingthe work of the American expeditionary force, in an editorial to-day, theMorning Post says:"Of the gallant and decisive deedsprevailed-ir" "V "cowm Llvl ilut icvninoo nf conspicuous appear to have been theachievements of theAmerican army inthe critical Meuse sector. At "anyother moment those- achievementswould have been certain of 'deservedcelebration,- "The American troops, only newlytrained, inheriting no long militarytradition and molded - by an iron-bound system, have faced and haveovercome the pick of the GermanJegons, The cost was heavy, but theresult was amazing. ""In this country we have neverdoubted as to how the Americansoldier would prove himself in thefield, but it is not too much to saythat the most confident expectationshave been surpassed. The rapidityand thoroughness with which GeneralPershing's men adapted themselvesto the highly specialized conditionsof modern warfare have been a revelation. Indeed, in their own phrasethey made good and lost no timeabout it."When the story is written of thelast fateful days of the war it willbe recognized that the part played bythe men from the United States hasbeen neither the least honorable northe least onerous."-pa pa' If your skin is yellow complexion pallidtongue coated appetite poor you havea bad taste in your mouth a lazy, no-goodfeeling you should take Olive Tablets.Dr.Edwards' Olive Tablets a substitutefor calomel were prepared by Dr.Edwardsalter 17 years of study with bis patients.i Dr. Edwards Olive Tablets are a purely(vegetable compound mixed. with olive oft.You will know them by their olive color.N To have a clear, pink akin, bright eyes,no pimples, a feeling of buoyancy likechildhood days you must get at the cause.4 Dr. Edwards Olive Tablets act on theliver and bowels like calomel yet haveix) dangerous after effects.They start the bile and overcome constipation. That's why millions of boxes areold annually at 10c and 25c per box. Alldruggists. Take one or two nightly andoote the pleasing results.brighter;EVENINGSsi WNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.,t ' t. useOlectricityTorDgMinaIt's the .only satisfactory way.use Oasfor Beating and CookingIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix "You Upv Ftr the Use tf BothElectricity and Gas.Paris Gas & Electric Co., (Incorporated)Aetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFireTheftCollisionProperty Damage-LiabilityAnd OtherCasualtiesA. J. FEEAGENTbiSi?'Best Canned Soups' per can TOcScudders Maple Syrupper half gal $1.24Pancake Flourper package 15cIrish Potatoes 3cSweet Potatoesper pound 4cCabbageper pound 3 l-2cYork Imperial Applesper peck 65cGrimes Golden Applesper peck 90cNew Mince Meat vper package 1 2c MThis mince meat is sweetened ready for use. Seemy line of Pure Fruit Preserves. MRS. ELLIS'CASH AND CARRYGROCERYOpposite Court Housei' ? r Bgi. WF?mWTK&EXWCLEANSES YOUR HAIRMAKES IT BEAUTIFUITHICK, GLOSSY, WAVYTry This! All Dandruff Disappearsand Hair Stops Coming Out.sSurely try a "Danderme HairCleanse" if you wish to immediatelydouble the beauty of your hair. Justmoisten a cloth with Danderine anddraw it carefully through your hair,taking one small strand at a time;this will t cleanse the hair of dust,dirt or any excessive oil in a fewminutes you will be amazed. Yourhair will be wavy, fluffy and abundant and possess an incomparablesoftness, lustre and luxuriance.Besides beautifying the hair, oneapplication of Danderine dissolvesevery particle of dandruff; invigorates the scalp, stopping itching andfalling hair.Danderine is to the hair what freshshowers of rain and sunshine are tovegetation. It goes right to the roots,invigorates and "strengthens them.Its exhilarating, stimulating and lifeproducing properties cause the hair togrow long, strong and beautiful.You can surely Jjave pretty, soft,lustrous hair, and lots of if, if youwill spend a few cents for a smallbottle of Knowlton's Danderine atany drug store or toilet counter andtry it as directed. (adv)las is TSiCENSORSHIP SOON TO BE LIFTEDER0MAIXNEWSAbandonment of all censorship onnews, including withdrawal of thevoluntary censorship request underwhich American newspapers havebeen operating since the UnitedStates entered the war, will be recommended to Prisedent Wilson soonby George Creel, chairman of theCommittee on Public Information.Mr. Creel also said that the domesticactivities of the committee will bediscontinued the last of this month.This was taken to include publicationof the official bulletin and the dissepnating of news from the variousgovernment departments.NWork of the foreign division willbe continued temporarily.Si is ftiGREATLY BENEFITED BY CHAMBERLAIN'S TABLETS.;m(;0JWEP0RT AS OFNOVEMBER 1, 1918,The ' issuance of the" Novembercrop report is delayed a few days purposely so that the farmers' estimateson yields can be made as final on cornand tobacco, neither of which cropsin entirely housed.The fall has been most seasonable.The drouth was broken and there hasbeen sufficient rainfall to start thefall sown grains. Pastures are consequently also in good condition andthe prospects for wheat crop for 19iaare most excellent. The area ofwheat sown is increased and shows at114 per cent., which means ,an increase over last year's acreage of 12per cent. Condition of sapne is givenat 97 per cent. Wheat seeding is stillin progress in some localities. Inmany localities more rye is beingsown, acreage for the State beinggiven at 95 per cent, and conditionof same at 95-per cent., which showsa much better prospect for this cropas compared with 1917. Barley acreage is 89 per cent, and condition isgiven at 95 per cent. The fall graincrops are in good condition and theoutlook is most favorable both as toacreage and condition.Corn crop is light. The drouth thisyear injured the corn crop very materially. Some of-the tate com is.coming out better than it was expected. The yield as a State averageis 25 bushels per acre, which is 5bus.per acre more than last year's average. This would indicate a yield ofsojmething like 97,500,000 bushels forthe entire State. Corn husking isstill in progress. nThe average estimate on Burleytobacco gives a yield of 833 poundsper acre while Dark tobacco has anestimated yield of 855 pounds peracre. This is lighter in both instances than, last year, but of goodquality.It is early to give an estimate onyield of hemp, but the preliminaryestimate gives 906 pounds per acre."A very light crop of potatoes is. reported. The early crop was poor, butthe late crop is much better. Theyield as a State average is estimatedat 71 bushels per acre, and sweet potatoes at 96 bushels per acre.Pastures have improved and show,a corfdition of 92 per cent. Allclasses of live stock are in good condition and the number on hand ascqmpared with an average yearshows as follows:Horses Number on hand 92 percent; condition 99 per cent.Cattle Number on hand 91 percent; condition 94 per cent.Hogs Number on hand 91 p'jtcent; condition 94 per cent.Sheep Number ,pn hand 8 S percent; condition 91 per cent.Taken as a whole this mon.t;h indicates that the average yields havebeen cut down, which is largely attributed to the drouth, but, the fallhas been favorable for sowing thegrain crops and housing; -0f corn andtobacco and considering the extremeshortage of labor, fayru work is onlyin fairly good shap for the winter.M A."? S. COHEN,Commissioner of, Agriculture, Frankfort, Ky.IITHE PbGUE STORE BROUGHT TOYOUR DOOR FOR THE ASKING I&ogue si -inKChristmas Bookis the most complete catalogue of the regularPogue Christmas stocks we have ever issued.Through" It And Our. Personal Shopping Servicefor out-ofrtown customers, you canshop as easily and satisfactorily asthough you came to the store inperson.IJane Alden, Personal Shopper,care-of The H. & S. Pogue Co.,Cincinnati, 0.Please send me your Christmas Book asadvertised,Nam&. . . h . r.T.7." . .7 J . , . . .'Address .R. F. D. .State.CINCINNATI'S GREATEST DEPARTMENT STORE7Jhe tt. 6c c ZPogue Co.Pep't D.Cincinnati, OhioV:food administrator pixesnew hog prices.WASHINGTON, Nov. 18, Underan agreement reached by the FoodAdministr'ataion, a sub-committee ofthe Agricultural Advisory Board,hog raisers and packers, the November price basis of a minimum of?17.50 for hogs will be contained inthe month of December.ABOUT CROUPvIf your children are subject tocroup, or if yau have reason to feartheir being attacked by that disease,you should procure a bottle of Chamberlain's Cough Remedy and stud?.the directions for use, so that in caseof an attack you will know exactlywhat course to pursue. This is ai favorite and very successful remedy forcroup, and if is important that you:observe the directions carefully-U3T9IyiDo Your ChristmasShopping Earlvfc j. WwM KCSmk'i i ' "r ia" ITTI'' rl " fVv 1Uncle Sam asks everybody tobuy early f this year so as to relievethe congestion op the railroadsaround the Holidays?We've done OUR part andordered a fine line of Sellers 'way'ahead of time. Now YOU doYOURS. Visit us to-dayL Foryou'll certainly want to include inyour holiday list for mother,, wifeor sister, aSELLERSKitchen Cabinet!I The Best Servant in Your House jv"l am thankful for the "good I havereceived by using Chamberlain's Tablets. About two years ago; when Ibegan taking them I was suffering agreat deal from distress after eating,and from headache and a tired, languid feeling due to indigestion and.a torpid liver. Chamberlain's Tablets corrected these disorders in ashort time, and since taking two bottles of them my health has beengood," writes Mrs. M. P. Harwood,Auburn, N Y.(adv-nov)IBS 3 1A Radcliffe (England) farmer,while working in a field of oats, cameacross the body of a man wno hadapparently cut his throat. Over $200was found in the pockets.A room may be quickly freed .fromthe smell of tobacco spioke by placing in it a pail" of ' water containinga handful of hay, which wiU "absorbWorks Without Wages the Year AroundBought on the easiest terms in the SAVED! Puts 200 odd NEEDEDworld once in the kitchen saves price cooking articles right at your finger ends,hundreds of times over in trouble, steps, Keeps your kitchen orderly. Systemat-neryous energy and cooking material izes and EASES your work.15 Long-Wanted FeaturesThousands of women own this won- m any other Kitcken Cabinet. Made faderful Kitchen Cabinet. Has 15 long- mous by its adoption in Qood Housekeepwanted labor-saving features unnndable ing Institute's Model Efficiency 'Kitchen.Let us demonstrate it TO-DAY! Costs nothing ta beshown. Satisfaction guaranteed if you purchase.A. F. Wheeler Furniture Co.Main and TnirdSts.CHAS. GREEN, ManagtrAOppaslU Cturt Hus:3rall the odor of the tobaccortr.-fTtfESDAY, TCOVEMBEM 19, 1918.-BfBnii;iaMrPi agrupm:Tt-R t!zt-PAGE'AStomach Acts RneNo Indigestion!Eat without Fear of Upset StomachFood souring, gas, acidity!If your meals hit back causingbelching, pain, flatuence, indigestion or heartburn here's instantrelief. No waiting!iPape's Diapepsin is noted for itsspeed in ending all stomach distress.Never fails!Keep it handy. Tastes nice andcosts so little at drug stores.upsbt-v Pape's DiapepsinWILL PUT YOUONTOURFE6TT23 DOUGHNUT ENTEESHALL OF TAME.THE(Private John Allen, in "Leslie's. )The humble doughnut, alias thecruller, alias the fried cake, alias the"sinker," finally has won a nicheamong the illustrious in the Hall ofzones, and arrangements quicklywere made to send considerableforces of men and women to Europeto open canteens and minister to "burmen at arms in every, possible way.Even in those early days theJ program of helpful endeavor was madeto embrace the cooking of innumerable doughnuts and their distributionFaane. 'As long ago as the oldest ances- among our fighting boys, and latertors among us could remember thismore or less digestible bit of frieddough has occupied a distinct placeamong American foods, but, though,it has survived many more pretentious offerings of the culinary art, itremained for the great war to give itopportunity to achieve the post of distinction it now holds.And it gained this fond positiononly through the untiring efforts ofthe lassies of the Salvation Army toplace it upon a pedestal, that allmight gaze and render .deservedhomage.Just as soon as this country declared war against the Huns the Salvation Army in the United States determined to play an important partthe "kind of pie which mother usedto make" was added to the menu."With this plan in view, it wasobvious that the Salvation Army lassies sent abroad jmust be able to cook,and k qualification necessary to remain near the front was that theyoung woman must be able to turnout a certain number of doughnutsand pies a day. Three lassies theywork in shifts of three, one mixing,one cutting and one baking mustbe able to turn out about 250 appetizing pies or about 2,500 doughnutsa day.When the first detachment of lassies arrived near the firing lines andbegan to turn out doughnuts by thethousand the French soldiers stoodm looKing alter our ooys in xne war about watching in amazement. Thedexterity of the cooks they characterized as juggling, and "Le jongleur"was heard on every side. The American soldiers think it is the greatestfun to assist in cooking the doughnuts, and they carry wood and waterand help jmix dough.As quick as the doughnuts leavethe boiling lard and the pies comeout of the oven they are handed tothe boys in khaki, who always are-waiting in lines at times three blockslong. A quarter of a pie is a cut.Rates are cheap. The lassies sell threebig, fat doughnuts for- about 9 cents,and the portions of pie also are within reach of the soldier's purse. Atnight the food is given away, for nomoney changes hands between sunsetand sunrise.la m 3TECUHSEH'SV BATTLE ELAG TOHISTORICAL SOCIETYH t .ak. fi BlI S-O-M-E KB Goodies! JBB "the kind YJpd$m! that m-e-l-t ftflHffffijM in your M&vlSK''&V mouth J5iifiiJWmA light. vfc2Lci;iHfll -n it i JkkNrtvTm nuiiy,tenaer gK cakes, biscuits and BBM doughnuts . that just HB keep you hanging BjH 'round the pantry JBk all made with BCALUMETh damns ruitucn atH the safest, purest, most HK economical kind. Try HH it drive away bake-day jBH failures." BB You save when you bay it. HyB You save when you use k. "HjffBl Calumet contains only such B;H ingredients as have been KH approved officially by the B'.B? U.S. Food Authorities. BHHIGHEST ffiffi BJglWHAT THE BED CROSS H&BEEFi JDOING. -More than a quarter of a million ofarticles, classed as hospital supplies,were provided by the department ofMilitaiyTtellef, Lake Division for useIn the recent epidemic of influenzaajid pneumonia, according to a partial report just made by Edward B.Greene, division director of MilitaryRelief. " "The statement that In these threemilitary establishments the normalcapacities of the base hospitals arefor 4,290patients and -that at oneperiod In 'the epidemic' tnere were noless than-4,2 90 patients'and that alone period in the epidemic there wereno less'than 16,ie7rcases of -flu -andpneumonia, makes it. clear why theRed Cross was given the opportunityto supply the following for use atSherman, Taylor "and Harrison:11,000 bed sheets;11,0'dO towels;50,000 masks;7,000 wash cloths;4,500 handekerchiefs; '13,100 pillow cases;8,000s pajamas;2,500 pillows;100,000 paper napkins;25,)00- paper cups; " 'Medicines and medical supplies asneeded.This list does not include suppliessent by this Red Cross department forCapnp Wright, McCook Field, PortThomas, Co'lumbus Barracks and tothe army vocational schools at OhioState University, University of Indiana, Kentucky State University, Perdue University and the Indiana Deafand Dumb Institute at Indianapolis.Red Cross supplies made it possible to increase the capacity of thehospital at Harrison from one for250 to one for 1,700 patients, in lessthan twenty-four hours. 'The RedCross also arranged for the establishment of a diet kitchen at this hospital. At Taylor the Red, Cross house wasconverted into a quarters for nursesand a nearby building was transformed into quarters for the handling of relatives of men critically ill.At Sherman more than 400 griefstricken relatives of critically ill soldiers were fed daily by the Red Crossat a free canteen and for a time 100One officer wrote as follows to aRedv Cross house that norjmally provides sleeping quarters for twelve.Red Cross automobiles transportedvisitors back and forth between thebase hospital and the Red Crosshouse without cost to the riders.One officer wrote as follows to amember of the field staff of the Department of Military Relief at onecamp:. "I wish to state to you and members, of your staff on duty at thebase hospital, the appreciation of thestaff of this hospital for your faithful work during the period of theemergency which has just passed.The enormous task of handling thousands , of visitors, the labor of thegreatly increased correspondence, thetactful handling of the bereaved ones,the willingness displayed on all occasions, renectea mucn'creaii on yourorganization and personnel.S Wa "aSURVEY PARTIES NEEDED BYCONSTRUCTION DIVISIONOF THE ARMY.AMERICAN SOLDIERS EIGHTt HAND TO HAND. iinepost vivid description ofhand-to-hand fighting I ever heard'writes Herbert Corey, the war correspondent, in Everybody's for November, "came from an Americansoldier who was at Cantlgny and yetcould recall ho- incidents at all. Hepainted a scene of utter, mad confusion, through "which men ran andyelled and shot aimlessly, as it seemed. A German and an Aprierican running-madly, heads down, met eachother head on, breast to breast. Theyreeled from the shock, glared at each.other for a moment and each ran on.A German ran howling through thefetid mist. His trench knife in hisright hand was red and his arm wasred to the shoulder. He tripped andfell."Then he sang1," said the observer."Just sat there in the middle of thatmadness and sang. Someone killedhim."'Mother Germans ran away. He reported a curious optical illusion."The Germans seemed about kneehigh," said be, "and their legs seemed to pump up and down very rapidly, as in an old 'chase' film, and yetthey did not jmake speed. Do you understand me? Their effort was prodigious but unavaling. Their clotheslooked floppy, somehow. The Americans seemed about fifteen feet talland advanced by huge leaps. I stoodthre and laughed like hell."3 fe PaSLEEP AND REST.One of the most common, "causes ofinsomnia and restlessness is indigestion. Take one of Chamberlain'sTablets immediately after supper andsee if you do not'rest better and sleepbetter. They only cost a quarter.The Kentucky Historical Society isto come into possession of the "battleflag" carried by Tecumseh's braves Inthe Battle of the Thames. It is ashot-torn and blood-stained BritishUnion Jack, which was given to Edward Smith, of Detroit, in 1903 byWilliam A. Ellis, of Sarnia, Ont., anIndian missionary, converted toChristianity by Mr. Smith's father-in-law,a Methodist minister.Mr. Smith was in Stearns recentlyand while there received a messagethat his 16-year-old daughter Marjorie had been killed by an automobile asshe was crossing the street tomail a. letter to him. He wrote toState Forester J. E. Barton that hewished to present the flag in memoryof Marjorie. ""Eecumseh was allied with, the British General, Proctor, and was defeated at the Thames October 4,1813, by Gen. Harrison and Col.Richard M. Johnson's Kentuckians;Tecumseh. afterward being killed ina duel by Col. Johnson. The flag hadbeen treasured ever since by Canadian Indians until it was presentedto Mr. Smith.rafVIMiEyirrW V.j.feJfeff52rOf0-arry$banKeen your skin from crowinat oldin looks withMARINELLOlutaituteu Bletdusf TrottamtaOpe application lightens skin four or five shadtt.Kemoves cnnginess. Leaves skin clear andxnootb. Noimtation or injury. PreparationsxoroonMBM or jxeaanenu oy our expert.M.A.PATONg"g"ag;g;isil4sDown Goes TheHigh Cost of LivingDoYou NeedGlasses?Let tis make z. thorough, scientificexamination of your eyes, based on.ethical grounds, not to rerommfindglasses unless you need them. Ask,yourself these questions; "Do Iliaveheadaches, nervous spells, drawn,tired eyes? Does type sometimesblur? Do I see "spots before, my eyes?Answer fairly and squarely, foryourown good, for over-strain repeatedlyday by day will 'break down the delicate nerves and muscles of the eyesand irreparable injury may resultOur years of experience insures accurate results.Dr. Wm. Riley FranklinSuite 205-t First National Bank,Paris, mr.!Both Phones;J?-.. JR".Margolen's Big Specials ofFresh Home-Killed MeatsFor Friday and Saturday.Ren Lb.Lard, 5 and 10-lb buckets. . . .27cCountry Bacon 35cPork Chops-Pork Roast 35cRound Steak 35cLoin Steak .Spring Lamb, hind quarters. .35cSpring Lamb, fore quarters. .30cPure Pork Sausage :..-... 35cSmotfed Hams, lfrto 12 lbs. . .35cSliced-Ham...' 40cBreakfast Bacon 45cHog Jowls for Greens 25cMARGOLIN'SSanitary Meat MarketThe Construction Division of theArmy is -without doubt the most extensive organization of its kind inthe history of the vorld. The approximate value of construction projects undertaken by this branch ofthe Government since the UnitedStates entered the war is one billiondollars. The figures representing thematerial used and the men employedare staggering. Two hundred andfifty thousand workmen have t beenunder the control of the Division atone tifme.Among the Division's present urgent needs are 50 chiefs of surveyparty at-?2,700 to $3,000 a year; 50transit men at $2,400 a year; 25levelmen at $2,100 a year; 125 rodmen at $1,800 a year, and '50 topographic draftsmen at $2,100 a year.These positions are open to men onlyexcept the drafting positions, whichare open to both men and women, ahof the positions are in the civil, notmilitary, service.Persons interested should apply tothe United States Civil Service Commission; Washington, D. C, or to thesecretary of the local Tjoard of civilservice examiners at Boston, NewYork, Philadelphia, Aanta, Cincinnati, Chicago, St. Paul,v St. Louis,New Orleans, Seattle or San Francisco. Applicants will not T)e required toundergo a written examination, theexamination being of the "nonassembled" type; that is, the ratingswill be based upon education, training, experience and physical abilityas shown by the applications and corroborative evidence. These positionsoffer an excellent opportunity for patriotic service, and the Civil ServiceCommission urges qualified persons toapply without delay. -"EB IS TKlUNCONSCIOUS HUMOR OF SOLDIERS WIVES.One of the duties of the officialsof the War Risk Insurance Board atWashington is investigation into thecomplaints of women who, for somereason or other, have failed to receive their husbands' pay from theUnited States Government. Thesewomen know quite well wbatvtheywant, but often have .unconventionalmodes of expressing themselves. Thefollowing are bona fide extracts culled by a lady whose duty it is taexamine such letters of complaint: - -"I ain't received no pay Since myhusband has gone from no where.""My husband has gone away fromcrystal palace. He got a few daysfurlow and has been on the mindsweepers.""We have your, letter. I am hisgrandfather and grandmother. Hewas born and brot up in this housejaccording to your instructions.""You have changed my little boyto a girl. Will it make any difference? ' ."Will you please send my moneyas soon as possible as I api walkingpie streets of Boston like a- bloodypauper." '-.., xGOLDSTINESFirst Shoe Saleof the SeasonAll new stock goes at thissale. Ladies', children'sand misses'.Here is One of OurLeaders. High Boots, , in Frenchand Military heels, in black,tan, mahogany and grey,sale price1 $5.98PER PAIRGOLDSTINESblcR-. " Dirt Just Rofls OutMWash the Woolen SocksYou Knit with GrandmaOUT GOES the dirt.Those great, big, bubbling cleansing GRANDMASUDS just surge through theclothes and not a bit of dirt canstay. Just sprinkle GRANDMAin'the tub and then, like whitemagic, millions of glorious sudsin an instant. It makes no difference "if the "water is bard,soft, hot or cold, the result Isalways the same. GRANDMAis the greatest all 'round"household soap of the age itpowdered- No chipping or slicing. No whole bar wasting away.GRANDMA'S Powdered SoapYour Grocer Has It!iiiTO THEFARMERSof Bourbon CountyWe Invite All Farmers ofBourbon County to Seethe WonderfulCLEVELANDTRACTGRt If yout are interested in better andmore economical farming, come inand see what this little wonderis doing for others.We Can Demonstrateit to You Any DayigjtiiiiSHiriiiiyBAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly RoilCream PuffsDoughnuts, Rolls, PiesGROCERYFruitsFresh VegetablesMEAT r -'DEPARTMENTRoatsLamb, Veal; PorkBraiosWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376:t' j- t&C. S. BALL GARAGECop. Fourth and Pleasant Sts.Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 423 JT jJWest Fifh StreetSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improvements m laundry appliancesand expert helpers we areprepared to 'do work inferior0 to none, and solicityour patronage.EXIIIIIXIxJIXIXIThe Bourbon Laundry f. x ;j ivThe News Job Department is Always Busy."There's a Reason." Work Done. Rlzht 1yjPAGE EIGHTTHE BOUBBON HEWS. PAEIS4 rKEHTUCKTTUESDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1918.ihJsvjjitKifIiii'R-:1IMILLERSBURGDr. Comer is improving nicely.Mr. M E. Pruitt-is able to beup about the house.Millersburg's drive for the 'warchest" went over the top.Mrs. Hamm, of Carlisle, was theguest of Mrs. James Howard, Friday.. Mr. and Mrs. Emmitt and littledaughter spent Sunday with relativesat Carlisle.Master Blanton Collier, of Pari3,is the guest of Masters William andHart Miller.The' turkey season closed hereSaturday Quite a large number ofthe 'birds, were slaughtered.Mr.' George Wadeli, of Louisville,, was a week-end guest of relatives in this city, returning Monday.Mr. and Mrs. Clarence Ball andbabe' are here 'from Louisville, asguests of Mr. and Mrs. A. C. Ball andother relatives.Mr. J. V. Ingels and family willmove to their property, recently purchased from the estate of the lateMiss Betty F. Viniont, from theirnefme near Eminence, this week.Mr. and Mrs. Fred M. Carroland. family, of Versailles, will movethis week to the home near this cityrecently purchased of Mr. Jos. A.F&rris. Mr. Farris has moved totown and is occupying the Roy Endicott home.Mr. W. M. CLark has returned tohis home in Butte, Montana, after avisit to his sister, Miss MargaretClark. Mrs. N. E. Hancock, of Lexington, who has been Miss Clark'sguest, has also returned to her homein Lexington.The local Red Cross Chapter hasreceived orders not to make any moresurgical dressings, but will sew onTuesdays and Thursdays. There willbe aru-all-day meeting at the Millers-burg College to-day (Tuesday). Anyone having a sewing machine to lendfor several weeks is requested to calljup on"of the Red Cross committee,i James Ernest Fisher, son of Dr.and Mrs. C. C. Fisher, of the M. C,was married in New York City, Nov.J9, to Miss Ann Elizabeth Hardie, ofNew York. The bride was a student(in the Millersburg Female College,while her husband was an assistantthere. Mr. Fisher is now director ofa new overseas school at Pelham BayPork, New York.MATRIMONIAL. ''A marriage license was issuedSaturday afternoon frqm the office ofthe Fayette County Clerk, in Lexington, to Mr. Roy A. Skillman, 25,and Miss Eva Mae Shumate, 21, bothof Bourbon county.FRATMAN THOMASON.Mrs. "Lillian Hopkins Fratmanand Mr. A. B. Thomason, both for-Lmer residents of this county, and nowliving in Lexington, were united inmatrimony recently at the home ofthe officiating minister, Rev. MarkCollis, in Fayette Park, Lexingon.The ceremony was performed in thepresence of only the immediate members of Rev. Collis family. Afterthe ceremony Mr. and Mrs. Thqmasonleft for a short honeymoon trip. , Ontheir return they will be "at home"to their friends at the residence ofMiss Lucy Collier, on North Broadway, in Lexington.The bride formerly resided in theLittle Rock vicinity, as did thegroom. Mrs. Thomason has for several years held a business position inthe office of Hamilton College, whereshe was universally esteemed for hermany rare qualities of heart andmind. Mr. Thomason, who is a brother of Mr. W. A Thojmason, of nearNorth Middletown, is a prominentmember of the Fayette bar, and wasrecently the Republican candidate forRepresentative in the Legislaturefrom the city of Lexington. He is incharge of the Lexington office of Talbott & Franklin, attorneys, who alsohave an office in Frankfort and Paris.FARMERS' NATIONAL CONGRESSAT JACKSONVILLE, ELA.DEATHS, , ''SONS.The funeral of Mrs. AmandaSons, formerly of this . county, whodied at her home in Fleming county,Saturday, of pneumonia, was held 'yesterday afternoon at one o'clock, inthe Paris Cemetery. Services wereconducted at the grave by Rev. W. L.Wyatt, of Winchester.Mrs. Sons was the wife of Mr. J.M. Sons, and formerly resided nearAusterlitz, in this county.la las.. , CUT ELOWERS.vChoice cut flowers in bunches ordesigns for funrelas, weddings, social events, the sick or any purposewhore flowers may be used. Promptattention given all orders whetherlarge or small.JO. VARDEN,-22-tf) Florist Agent.BIRTHS.? 4To the wife of Mr. Matt Lair,near Paris, a daughter. Mrs. Lairwas formerly Miss Hazel Huston.Near Millersburg, to the wife ofMr. Jack Long, a daughter. Mrs.Long was formerly Miss Hazel Morris,of near Paris. Mr. Long is in theservice, stationed at Camp ZacharyTayjor.To the wife of Mr. Eli Fisher, residing near Clintonville, a son.In conjunction with the Farmers'National Congress, which will beheld December 3-6, at Jacksonville,Fla., the National Farm Women'sCongress will be held and reportsfrom throughout the country showthat a very large nupiber of womenwill be present. Most of the delegates will bring their wives, whichwill give them the opportunity alsoto see a most interesting portion ofFlorida and Jacksonville.Mrs. Howard W". Dexter, the General Chairman of the Women's Auxiliary, has appointed several committees to look after the entertainment for women visitors. These include a drive to all the interestingpoints around Jacksonville, also aunique cabaret and many other attractions. The Women's Division willhave its heaquarters in .the Chamberof Commerce, where Jacksonville women will attend to all details looking to the comfort and pleasure oftheir visitors while in the city.There are a great many things tobe discussed during the coming event,j which willybe of particular interestto the women of the United States,and especially to those who are vitally concerned in the welfare of thehome.There is every indication that alarge number of the nation's mostdistinguished women will be present,because of the character of the meeting, and the opportunity afforded tosee Jacksonville and Florida, including the State Fair, which will beopen and in full operation during thesessions of the Congress, and wheresqme of the big events of the latterwill be staged. The Jacksonvillewomen are well organized to give agenuine Southern welcome to the women, who wHi attend the comingCongress.BEDFORD. 'The funeral of Mr. Frank P.Bedford, aged thirty-eight, who diedat the home of his imother,'' Mrs.Maria Bedford, on Cypress street, inthis city, Sunday morning, after along illness of tuberculosis, was heldyesterday afternoon at two o'clock.Services were conducted at the gravein the Paris 'Cemetery' by Rev. J. J.Rice, pastor of the Paris Presbyterianchurch. -Mr. Bedford was a well-knownyoung farmer. For several years hehad been overseer on the farm of Mr.Thomas Henry Clay, Jr., near StonyPoint. He was a man who was wellliked by all who knew him, and hadmany friends here and elsewhere whosincerely regret his passing away.Mr. Bedford is survived by his wife,who was formerly Miss Lillie Martin,of this county, his mother, Mrs.Maria Bedford, of the city, and threebrothers, H. Clay Bedford, and Geo.Bedford, of Paris, and Hume Bedford, who is now in the chepnical service of the Government at Pittsburg,Pa.The pall-bearers were Ben Fowler,Chas. W. Heck, Brooks Clay, AlfredClay, Brutus Clay and Dr. WilliamKenney.151 1LATONIA MEETING WILLJ.TKFXYCONTINUE TO NOV. 30.INSURANCE!EIRE TORNADO AUTOMOBILE HAILWatch for the expiration of your 'policiesand let us have some of your renewalsYERKES & PEEDAt Farmers & Traders BankM i m 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 n 1 1 1 1 1 n n n m i n n n i M , MaaiaiBmaaaaaBavThe J. T. Hinton Co,UNDERTAKERSI;AND EMBALMMRStAmlnv Paris Ky.With a continuation of the remarkably and almost unprecedentedfine weather that has favored . theLatonia Jockey Club during the firstpart if its autumn meeting it is Reasonably certain that the season willbe prolonged until Saturday, November 30, thus affording the race patrons sixteen days of racing insteadof the ten days' session that wouldterminate the meeting Saturday, November 23.From the present outlook it wouldappear that there is no obstacle inthe way of accomplishing this, unless it be a decided change in weatherconditions toward the end of the present week. However, horsemen andrace-goers can rest assured that Genrela Manager John Hachmeister willhave the meeting continued to thelatter date if such a-step is at all possible. Inasmuch as the KentuckyState Racing Commission's rules prescribe that there be no racing in theState after December 1, and prior 'toApril 1, Mr. Hachmeister would bewithin his rights in keeping the meeting going to November 30.The meeting so far has been oneof the best in the track's history, andthis despite the rather pessimisticoutlook prior to the opening due tothe postponements, and the very latedate in finally getting the seasonstarted. Manager Hachmeister is accordingly greatly encouraged, and isgoing to redouble his efforts to givethe club's patrons an even bettergrade of racing the repiaining daysof the meeting.. t'FVfcrala 7&1What else can give you the world's . i I vs tWmmCjm JayaHbest music and entertainment, with all I W gjk WwWE9!MTwlktheir satisfying pleasure? ftfafeggSaMJ Malg&MnW. What else can be shared by every wWJMKItIms member of the family and by all your' fMr Jtim&J&SBm mStafm 1friends varied to suit their individual j TOTamSrBaaafl1 tastes" WMiSMWhat else can render so continuous a BUKMBSmSBBservice and be so genuinely useful for so riii gg BBHKJHbPVlong a time? 9BBHJIH9ErIThe Victrola is truly the unselfish j BaVaaaaaaaBaaalBB9ltmglft! . I MmMKMUmXDon't let this Christmas go by with- i jflllilfHHUHout a Victrola. Come and make your W!!jlITCselection today! We make convenient i ffia C - a. . - .1 II 111 illlllllWlllllllllllllllllllllTlmlillllllillill(nHiHB!iHterms or payment. Ij I Hi llllfflliJlliifllFHiff'vJVffif V f - cr -2Ij HI II 1 1 8 IIHffiH'Wmffi&sA . Unu uulUUli n in Mil In w silHI29illBBmmSSSS mFW MP k 4YSl 151 E5JB-4 FIREInsure withW.O. HINTON &SON,Agts$2,000,000 HUE IN WEST VIRGINIA" TOWN."Fire totally destroyed the ElkinsBox Company's plant at Elkins, W.Va.f with an estimated loss of $200,000.. The flames were discovered at8 o'clock and although the fire fighters made valiant efforts to conquerthe blaze, the plant was entirely destroyed before 11 o'clock.An explosion of dust in a pipewhich carried shavings from theworks is thought to have started thefire.Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.Day phone 36Nlsht : . . 56or Home 286Motor equipment.u JssiM.5rpt,y attwMted with urHoarse used for funeral purposes only.BaaaaaaaalaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaHj-aaaaaaaaaaaaaa!vaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa3aaaaawoBBaaaaaaaTaT'' I I1I1IIIHREAL ESTATE DEALSThe Paris Realty Co. recently closed a deal by which they disposed ofa tract of thirty-five acres of land onthe North Middletown and LittleRock pike, belonging to W I. Deering, to Clayton Curtis, of Little Rock,for $4,000.Col. George D. peakes, of the realestate firm of Harris & Speakes, ofParis, rented Saturday for Price Tudor, of Madison county, a tract ofeight and three-quarters of land, lying near Richmond, for $805.Auctioneer M. P. Kenney makesthe following report of the sale heldyesterday by Mr. George K. Jones,adjninistrator of the estate of Wm.Mason: Horses sold from $100 to$176 per head; cows, $100 a head;sow and pigs, $68; fat hogs, $42.50per head; corn in field, $6.50 pershock; fodder, 55c per shock; farming implements sold well.THINGS TO WOERY ABOUT.Informatio-n copies from Washington that the censorship of news willbe lifted and that Georere Creel'sBulletin win be discontinued at theend of the present month. But whywaste eood white naier till, then?The Bulletin, like the CongressionalJttecora, never was a worth a tinker'sdam anyway, and if it were well tobe done, tt were well to be doneCuicfclytDAUGHERTY BROSFIFTH AND MAIN STREETS1 vHaaaaaaaaaaaaaraSBflEfiij&DON'T DELAYNow is Jhe time when every dollarmust do its utmost to buy your5FallandWinterFootwAt the Great Economy Shoe Center.Our system of buying Shoes and Rubbers inin endless quantities means ABSOLUTELY THELOWEST. PRICES FOR YOU!Your personal inspection will assure you ofthis fact.The most beaut i -fuland highest qualityLadies' Dark Grey andMahogany Tan Boots inall sizes and widths atcrrrfz.UsvAt Bargain Prices !b&-6rtSpecials For This WeekMisses' Gun Metal Button$3.00 values at$1.99Men's Tan Work Shoes$3.50 values at$2.69Ladies' Mahogany Tan EnglishBoots, calf tops, at'. .....'Ladies' Mahogany Tan' EnglishBoots, cloth tops to match, atLadies' Dark Grey Boots, Turns,custom made, at ....... '.Ladies' Gun Metal English Bootswing tip, low heel, at ,Ladies' Gun Metal, button,low heel, at$5.00$3.95$5.95$3.49$2.49$5.00$4.50Men's Dark Tan English WalkGver atMen's Tan English, Best Makes,at ,Men's Gun Metal Walk-Over, do qEnglish pOfr7Men's and Boys' E. J. Best Wear- a gring Shoes, heavy flexible spies hHt.UUBoys' Tan Home Guard Shoes &r Afat .. :..$0.4yJ Paris'VfeDAN COHENWhere Beauty and Economy Reign IGreatest Shoe StoreN.Xi 44.? i$ " V v f-H t--W--.,t,-... NAN