V ,JSPUfiilSHEP, EVERYVOLUMEjXXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JULY 16, 1918.-- tfBWRBBR -NEWS ?HHIHI H II BIHH 'iffilillTUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR. . 'iMfe. : . " zlt :thirtx-:four DRAFTEES entrain FOR FT. THOMAS.The thirty-four drafted men fromBourbon county selected from thelong list to comprise the recent call'for entrainment for Ft. Thomas, metat the court Tiouse in this city Sunday-afternoon,at five o'clock, pursuant to instructions from the Board ofemption. " There was a largecrowd present when the boys filedinto the court room and were giventheir last instructions by Judge Chas.A. McMillan, Chairman of the Boardof Exemption, and County AttorneyD. D. Cline. The thirty-four youngmen were selected from a list of forty-onenames. Two volunteers, Thos.Elder and Herman McCarthy, both ofParis, accompanied the men. Mr.Robert McRice was selected as Captain, and the men placed under hischarge.At the conclusion of the exercisesat the court house the men weretaken under .the, leadership of theircaptain, to the Crosdale Hotel, wherea banquet was served. Addresseswere made by Rev. W, E. Ellis, pastor of the Paris Christian church, andMr. Z. L. Wilcox, Secretary of theS6urbon County Y. M. C. A. Mr.John T. Colllnsacted as toastmaster,responses being made by a numberof the drafted men. Mr. Wilcox tendered the freedom of the Y. M. C. A.building for the night to those whodesired to remain in Paris overnight.The drafted men formed in line infront of the court house at i:$uo'clock yesterday afternoon, and preceded by the Liberty Drum and BugleCorps, under the direction of GrandMarshal Rudolph JDavis, and followed by the members of the Board ofExemption, and citizens in autos,marched up Main street to the Tenthstreet station of the Louisville andNashville, for Fort Thomas, 'toenter the service of the UnitedStates in the army. At the stationthe boys were presented with pack--aeesof cigaretteB, tobacco, cigarsetc., and were given a final farewellas the train pulled out at 2:20.Those who left in the detachmentyesterday afternoon were as follows:39 (437) Edwin Anthony Woods.159 (1022) NatlianFite.188 (72) Albert H. Ginter.269 (1167) Ollie Breeze.335 (781) George A. Glenn.456 (229) V. D. McGoldnck.462 (58) Clennie Dunnigan.-91. (1042) Emery Kimball.718 (254) Charles Bartels.723 (1204) Avery Hoard Perkins.761 (198) John Angus Blythe.863 (1029) Clinton Grose.976 (763) William Burns Young.1010 (1164) Charles Grover Butler.1020 (823) Arthur Zornes.1041 (916) Robert Mc. Rice.1191 (395) Litton Lawrence.1243 (684) Emmett Robbins Crump.1288 (518) Floyd Wakely.1343 (587) Claude Wagoner.1368 (439) Edward John Wood.1384 (688) McClure Crouch.1413 (333) James William Wood-.all.1423 (39) Reynolds Buckler.1433 (936) Ben Williams.1445 (1244) Bascom Flemon Elmore. 1450 (1340) Archie B. Lucas.1490 (143) Wm. Anderson Parker.1495 (621 Henry Franklin Humphries.'1504 (215) John A. Hennessy.1514 (1473) Homer Gordley.1532 (1330) Jesse James Hill.1540 (1522) Edward Ford Spears.1542 (203) Clarence Cassity.There's something peculiarly sad inwitnessing the departure of the Bourbon boys, and there's a grippingabout the heart that warns of theclose proximmity of tears when onesees the sad scenes enacted at theanal parting. The efforts of the-. men to appear composed, the silentemotions of the more stoicly inclined,and the weeping of disconsolate relatives and friends, all create u profound impression. There's a beautiful sentiment that runs in this wise:.'"There's something in the partinghourThat chills the warmest heart,Yet comrades, kindred, lovers,friends, ' 'Are fated all to part. -Butthis we've seen and full many apageHas pressed it on our mindThe one who goes is happier farThan those he leaves behind."WEATHER AND CROP SUMMARYFOR WEEK ENDING JULY 6.The summary of weather and cropconditions in Kentucky for the weekending July 6, follows;Seasonable temperature and goodF showers, quite general over the Stateduring the past week, were highlybeneficial to all growing crops andfor setting out tobacco. Much of thedelayed transplanting, of tobaccoplants was accomplished during, theweek, and those set are doing well.Wheat harvest is .practically completed, and threshing ia well ufcder"way, the yield being reported generrally as very good. Rye, oats andclover are being harvested with-goodyields. Corn, tobacco, tructf cropsand pastures were much improved by.lkn Tecent rains. Corn is well cultivated and doing nicely. The.earlypotato crop is generally reported as,poor, having leen cut short by thedry weather during' middle of June:The late crop is just 'being plantedand underberry andlavoraoie conainuua. xV .- .-- - --- ------- --.., , .r.. . , t? 2-,. . - 'ijjn j mi Mo xrannarn ijti i mnanv h.iiu whs iiiifrhitcrois are poor v,'.. K;i.-:-fi.;md huiv -ofr-Bav.Ridee. vsyv!svsvsvzzi: -Sk --f. n- - - r r -" v.. "ct-"?rr,-r:r-r-p..-..THE FUND FOR THE FATHERLESSCHILDREN OF FRANCE-7July 12, 1918,'To The Executive Committee Fatherless Children of France."On the occasion of IndependenceDay, the Paris Committee renews itsthanks and its expressions of admiration for your co-operation, so helpfulto our orphans. Our grateful heartsbeat with yours on this memorialday."MARECHEL JOFFRE,"President."July 6th, 1918."Marechal Joffre, Paris."Your cable is warmly appreciated.Our care of French orphans is butan outward expression of the unionof spirit and interesfbetween our nations. "EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE FATHERLESS." July 12, 1918."Fatheless, 4 rue Volney,"Paris, France:"We extend sincere felicitationsupon the observance of your greataniversary and assurance of deepestfriendship and admiration . for theFrench people in their valiant struggle and noble sacrifice."AEMRICAN EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE FATHERLESS."Last Thursday and Friday scores of4the patriotic people of Cincinnatigave a fete at the Zoo,the proceedsof which are to go to the fatherlesschildren of France. Twenty thousand dollars was netted for thisworthy cause, thus enabling manyFrench mothers and children to remain together for at least the comingyear.While Bourbon county can notmake such a showing as that, yet inoroportion, to her means and population, she is doing equally as much ina quiet way. The work is goingalong steadily, and people are moreand more making inquiries andadopting orphans.Recent contributions not hithertopublished are:Mr. J. G. Redmon.Mr. R. M. Gilkey.Mr. Robert Meteer.Mr. Wm. Kennev Ferguson.Young Men's Bible Class, NorthMiddletown Christian church, JudgeH. C. Smith, Treasurer.Wm. R. McCray and family.C. B. Mitchell.Mr. F. A. Wallis.Mrs. Gano Hldreth.. Robt. B. Lyne.MissMary.Spears.Miss Elizabeth Spears.SCHOOL CENSUS FOR STATEIN 1918 GIVEN.INThe total school census for the year1918, under the new law, passed atthe last session of the Legislature,providing that 'only those betweenthe ages of 6 and 18 are to be listed,shows 648,875 childen within theschool age. Of this number 533,356live in rural districts and 115,519in the independent city districts.There are approximately 7,712 subdistrict schools in .the State, 1,508 ofthese being first-class schools havingmore than 75 pupils in the census,2, 830, second class schools havingmore than 75 pupils in the census,2,830 second class schools havingmore than 50 pupils in the censusand 3,374 schools having more than25, and fewer than 50 pupils withinthe school age.Superintendent of Public Instruction Gilbert said that a careful analysis of these figures would show whylthe school system lacKs money to payadequate salaries to the teachers. Itcosts practically as much to equipone of the small schools as -it doesthe first-class schools.The last Legislature enacted a lawproviding that no teacher in a second class school should be paid lessthan $45 a month, and in a firstclass school, less than $50 a' month,leaving the salaries of the schoolsbelow fifty pupils entirely at the discretion of the county boards of education. tsa id fsiWRONG USE OP FLAG PROVOKESCOMMENT. .The use of a United States flag,which had been torn in half as covering for a lot of empty beer bottles, provoked considerable commentat the Iacol station of the KentuckyTraction and Terminal Co., last week.Considerable indignation was expressed over the desecration of theflag.The bottles were being shipped toa -Lexington firm hy a local club.The use of the flag as a covering was,after investigation by Agent S. E.Borland, found to be due to thoughtlessness on. the -part of a colored porter who explained "that no disrespect whatever had' been intended.He had found the flag, discolored,faded, and nearly wofh out," and usedit as--a covering. The two sectionsofvthe .flag were removed.' before theShipment -was accepted for transportation, and the 'incident was closed.SPA&ISHl STEAMER BURNSINHEW YORK HARBOR. -BFour pi en are believed to, have perished in an ipxplolon and fire whic,hdestroyed the Spanish steamshipSerantes, of 3,000 cross tons.'in NewYork harbor, causing a loss' of apnroximatelv $11.000.01)0. The vessel.loaded with oil. was under lease toCENSUS OF "NON-ESSENTIALST,0 BE TAKEN.Under the direction of Dr. FrankL. McVey, president of the Universityof Kentucky, as-State Director of ahePublic Service Reserve, the work .oftaking ' a census of all persons enrolled in "non-esential" work, willbegun, yesterday, and will be continued until completed. The list willbe used in efforts to have the menenlist for essential work.The State was divided into threedistricts, with the central and northeastern district being in charge ofWallace M. Parker, of Lexington. Ineach county the County Chairman ofthe National Council of Defense, orsome person appointed as representative of the United States PublicService Reserve has charge of thecensus. The men were instructed -totake a complete census of all personswho were engaged in "non-essential"work, and to - enroll all those whowish to engage in essential war work.The Chairmen in the Central Kentucky counties are as follows: Bath,H. C. Gudgell, Owingsville; Bourbon,Frank P. Lowry, Paris; Boyle, W. A.Roberts, Danville; Harrison, B. R.Breeze, Cynthiana; Madison, L. P.Evans, Richmond; Mason, Karl Dodson, Maysville; Montgomery, A. S.Johnson, Mt. Sterling; Nicholas,Robert Harper, Carlisle ; Scott, JamesW. Hamilton, Georgetown; Shelby,Dr. F. L. Lapsley, Shelbyville; Woodford, David J. Howard, Versailles.A telegram was received in Lexington yesterday from headquartersat Washington, by Dr . McVey, requesting him not to continue in thepresent plans for taking the non-essential census. This census refers tothe one to be taken in the near futureof all persons in the State doing"non-essential work," and the enlistment of men to do essential work inwar time.It was announced, however, thatthis does not mean that the censuswill not be taken at all. But therehas in all probability been a changein plans and arrangements, whichcaused the postponement. Notice ofthe postponement has been sent toall the Chairmen selected for thework in the different counties."PR Hi JBQHAIL INSURANCE.Hail insuranco on tobaccoand small train.McCLURE & DONALDSON.(june4-tf)fcS H3 9CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOR SOCIETYTO GIVE "CAMPPIRE- BREAKPAST;" - ;The Young Peoples' Society of the.Christian Endeavor oTi;he Christianchurch will have a "Campfire Breakfast" at Foote's Landing, Thursdaymorning, July 18. All the membersare urged to meet at the court house iat 5:30 Thursday morning. Comeand have a good time.im m b .. .. ., -JFWE KNOW liW I111Palm Beach andKool Kloth Suits !For Summer Wear, the Real,Genuine Palm Beach Cloth "The kind that is cool and serviceable and comfortable, notthe cotton shoddy kind that draws up and wears out beforethe season is over. We sell only one kind, and that is thebest. All colors, solid and fancy mixtures.$13.50 to $20.00Kool KlothA light summer cloth with a little more weight than PalmBeach garments, but very serviceable and comfortable.$12.50 to $25.00Manhattan and Wilson Bros1. SilkShirts, $5.00 to $10.00Many fancy and stylish patterns, solid colors And fancystripes; - -Straw HatsillMITCHELL &Nettlston. . . J. - J.ATI- mmiV r.i.Ln VL CL..'--- mwr,. vUfWWU' wwav UllUVtAUTO ACCIDENT; MACHINESDAMAGED; TWO INJURED?It's a very rare happening nowadays when a Sunday passes withoutan automobile accident to enliventhe usual quietude of the day. LastSunday was no exception, the NorthMiddletown pike, in the neighborhood of Paris, this time furnishingthe scene, the actors and the finalcurtain for the play.Sunday afternoon between six andseven o'clock, an automobile inwhich Mr. Eli Friedman, his parents,Mr. and Mrs. B. Friedman, his sisters, and his grandfather were occupants, with Mr. Eli Friedman driving, collided with a machine drivenby Mr. Redmon "Talbott, at a pointon the. North Middletown pike, nearthe residence of Mr. Orie Speakes. Inthe Talbott machine were Mr. Talbott, Sallie Talbott, Mr. and Mrs. LouRedmon and Mrs. Mary Walker, thelatter three of, this city. They werecoping from Paris to North Middletojvn, while the Friedman machinewas going in the opposite direction.f At one side of the pike, at the footof a steep hill, was a pile of rocksthat "had been dumped for road repair work. Weeds had grown up, almost obstructing the rocks. In anendeavor to avoid the rocks at thatpoint, which is very narrow, the ma-tl-tsvn "k-t1 1 i 3 s3 TrQ Wt1 n TY1Q Yl ffYl f Ichine going up ihe hill a few feet,while the Talbott machine spunacross the road, and landed in atelephone pole about forty-five feetawnv. Tn the collision both machineswere considerably damaged, but in jthe crash of the Talbott machineagainst the pole two of the occupantssustained injuries. Mrs. Lou DavisRedmon received a broken collarbone and a badly lacerated hand,which may necessitate the amputation of one or more fingers of theinjured member. Mr. Redmon, herhusband, had his ankle sprained.The occupants of the Friedman carescaped injury beyond a shaking-upami a scare..The crash of the accident washeard at the residence of Mr. Fister,-who immediately went to the scene.Tie injured parties were brought toParis in his machine and taken to tneMassie Memorial Hospital, wheretheir injuries received attention.They were later able to return totheir homes, with the exception ofMrs. Re'dmon, whose injuries were ofsuch a. nature as to necessitate herremaining there. The wrecked machines were brought to a local garagefor repairs. .' "NEW PLORIST AGENT.., Order your cut flowers from us.We can, furnish on short notice thebest- to be had. Funeral designs,corsage bouquets, wedding and party decorations, etc. We are agentsfor Hanoker, the florist the best in(2july-tf ) BRUCE HOLLADAY.Xand Panamas,BLAKEMOREKShoe ''KIN THE SERVICE OP THKltt.COUNTRY.At the Naval recruiting office Friday, William R. Thurman, of Paris,farmer, was accepted for service inthe navy as second-class seaman. Hewill be assigned to duty at the GreatLakes Naval Training Station, nearChicago.Mrs. Wm, Lenihan received a message yesterday that her son, Wm,Lenihan, had arrived safely inFrance. Mr. Lenihan is a member ofthe 134th Field Artillery, Headquarters Company.Lieut. Will Estill Moore, formerlyof Paris, arrived in Lexington, Saturday, for a short stay. He has beenin training at the Aviation TrainingSchool" at Lake Charles, La., for several months. Before going to LakeCharles, Lieut. Moore was stationedat the Georgia Technical TrainingSchool, where he received instructions in the ground work. ,Lieut. Jos. E. Torrence, of Cynthi-Ij' nin France, has been cited byllMilU WAUUlikliUCii Vi lLlwAmerican Expeditionary Force forconspicuous gallantry in action during the operations connected with thecapture and defense of Cantigney, onMay 27-31. In September, 1917,Lieut. Torrence and Lieut. ReubenHutchcraft, the latter of Paris, weresent to France. Lieut. Torrence isin the 28 th Infantry, First Division,American Expeditionary Force.Ben Leach, of Paris, who has beenstationed at Ellis Island, New York,as a member of the military police,writes THE NEWS as follows:"Have just been assigned to aship. Would like to get THE NEWS.Was transferred from foreign dutiesyesterday (July 11) and will go tothe Atlantic fleet. My new addressis, Ben Leach, U. S. S. Montana;care of Postmaster, New York City."John M. Stuart and Sello Wollstein, who were transferred from theVocational Training School at Indianapolis to Camp Hancock, in, Georgia, have received another cliange oflocation. This time they have beensent to the Raritau Ordnance Training Camp, at Metuchen, New Jersey,where they have been assigned tospecial -duty in connection with ordi"nance work. .A special train bearing a "detachment of soldiers from a Wisconsinarmy camp passed through Paris,Sunday afternoon, bound for an armycamp somewhere in the South. Themen were in good spirits and expressed a determination to do their parttoward "getting" as many of theHuns as they could.A voluntary call for 500 grammarschool graduates to report to thecommanding officer of the Indianapolis Chamber of Commerce for training as chauffeurs was issued Saturdayby Major Rhodes by order of ProvostMarshal General Crowder. Registrants of the 19 1 8 class niay volunteer. If a sufficient number has notvolunteered by July 22 the call willbe filled from the drafted men.Kentucky is called upon to furnishseventy-eight men to work in thespruce fields of the Northwest. Fifteen bosses,- fifty bucklers and thirteen assistant timbermen are neededand qualified registrants are urged topresent themselves to local draftboards for induction into this branchof. the service. The men will be sentto Spruce Production Division, Vancouver Barracks, Washington, training to'.begin' July 29. The men mayvolunteer until July 20.Four thousand one hundred draftmen will report to Camp 'ZacharyTaylor between July 22 and 26. Thequotas for the diflerent counties werearranged Saturday by Major HenryRhodes. The men are to be takenmostly from the .mountain counties.An account of the large number already taken from Bourbon and otherconties of Central Kentucky theywere not included in the call. 9Mr.' Drake Thompson, Jr., capieFriday from the Annapolis NavalAcademy at Annapolis, Maryland, ona furlough and will return next Friday. Mr. Thompson was summonedhome -by a telegram apprising him ofthe serious illness of his mother, Mrs.I. D. Thompson, Sr. Mrs. Thompsoncontinues ill at her home on Duncanavenue. . ' '- -Private Fielding Rogers Was atborne from Camp Zachary- Taylornear Louisville, Sunday and Monday.Mr.. Rogers .i3 well pleased-with camplifeC and says the Bourbon countyboys are all in "good, Health and. enjoying their work.C. V. :Orr, David Elam -and, ElzieBurgin, All of this city, 4left yesterday morning for Lexington, .wherethey will become -members of themechanical department,. ' at CampBuell, in the arpiy service. All threeai-e expert mechanics and v will he assignedto service' In 'the auto repairing department of the camp.Sergt. Newsum Keller,- of . Paris,who was recently transferred fromCamp Shelby. . near Hattiesburg,MiB to Ft. Niagara, New York, has'agak-b6ei transferred, this: time goings to Pmlaielphfo ' Sergt. Keller,$has been assigned to special duty ialeral military awrice.PARIS MAN BUILT UP LEXW GKKMTTB0TTING RACES t - 'A writer in the sporting cohMtwr,-of the daily papers has the followfi'regarding Mr. Ed. A. Tipton, for-pnerly of Paris, who has been th-nrain factor In the upbuilding of thtrotting horse interests in Kentucky:"Ed. A. Tipton put the 'trot' itothe association at Lexington. Priorto his arrival in 1887 the meetingheld in the Bluegrass city were on a.par with an ordinary county fairand a few wanted the status continued even when the Wilkes boom,was bringing thousands of dollars toKentucky every week. They werewilling to produce the goods withoutgoing to the trouble of displayithem to the best advantage and um-'der the most favorable conditions, -A'few of them also hesitated before -extendinga welcome hand to the nervywhen he showed up and desired to"when he showed and desired tochange from the revenue service toTacing, while at the same time theytossed him another chill by fixing his -salaryat about what an office boycommands at the present time. That,however, did not stop Tipton, as hhad made up his mind to be secretaryof the Lexington race tracks Alsowhen he had made good andasked for more money, instead of giTing it to him he was told to -get Itfrom the privileges. He did.''The Kentucky Trotting Horse'Breeder's Association was organizedin 1873. During its first fifteen yearsits premiums for racing did notamount to as much as is now giveafor ten days each October, while thenorthern visitors instead of seeing"contests of the quality which migatbe expected dropped in to' see theKentucky and Lexington stakes trot-ted and put in the balance of theirtime visiting the stock farm3."Co. D., of the Twelfth Battalion; at,Philadelphia, with the extreme prpb- ."aoimy oi going to trance soon.-Lit,.Mrs. Clifton Arnsparger received7 "postcard yesterday morning from her vson, Lucien Arnsparger, announcinghis safe arrival 'in Prance, "where hewill be a member of the AmericaExpeditionary Force. Mr. Arnsparger was recently transferred fromCamp Sherman, at Chillecothe, O., toCamp Wadsworth, near Spartansburg, S. C., -.Charles Dickerson, of Paris, who isin the artillery branch of the serviceand stationed at the U. S. Proving:Grounds, near Aberdeen, Maryland, -arrivedSunday on a furlough to visithis parents, Mr. and Mrs. B. R. Dickerson. He will return to his dutiesnext Sunday.Corporal Tedoy Shannon, who hasbeen at the home of his parents, inEast Paris, and assisting in farmwork on a thirty days' furlough, returned Sunday morning to his dutiesat Ft. Omaha, near Omaha, Nebraska. Corp. Shannon is in theAviation Service, being a member ofthe Balloon Squadron at the camp.Just before his departure he receivedJ 1 'official notice of his- transfer to Florence Aviation Feld, anothernear Omaha. 1cmSergt.-Maj. Earl Curtis, who hasbeen stationed at Camp Bowie, Texas,in the army service, has been' transferred to Camp Stewart, atNewport News, Va., where he hasbeen assigned to the 143rd Infantry.Maj. Curtis wrote his father, Mr. HC. Curtis, that he was glad of thechange from the desert .and cacti of "Texas to a place where there was amore agreeable prospect. Maj. Curtis' transfer is taken to mean thathe may soon be sent overseas.'Although in Class 4 in the selec-live draft from Bourbon county andof the draft age, Mr. Forrest Figh't-"'master, who operates a garage andrepair shop in North Middletown.volunteered in, the service. He hasreceived orders to report at the GreatLakes-Naval Training Station onJuly 19. Mr3. Fightmaster will takea business course at a Cincinnatibusiness college during her husband's 'absence, and be prepared for .business .life. ' "." D14. J. A.' Orr, ofJParis, who enlist?ed some weeks ago W the Army Mt-ical Reserve- Corps, and received a'Captain's commission, has receivedorders to report for duty on July 0at Ft. Benjamin Harrison. Dr. Orr- ..is a 'graduate of Vanderbilt Universi- ,ty, and has.paade many friends here.'Dr. J. T. Brown, whoalso received a-Captain's commission, has been ordered to report on July 23, at Base .Hoa'rpital, at Camp Greene, near Charlottesville, .N: C. . -v -Mr. Wayne Cottingham, formerParisian, now on the reportorial ta4tof the Lexington Leader wli is' I-eluded in .the call for the-Jast division in the Lexington draftees, tii- .farily appeared before the Board-.-1ore -the anointed iter.' xt FrHlajvlane was examimed and,, meld ?for4 t;mtv1!11l.4nITt&&uj1'n:-5Sr1- i,1 M1 -if-- i wU'7- KV -5 Jf-i."""'$Vt$-,V .MOSTW0IDE BOURBON NEWSiKfttblisbed 188136 Years of Continuous PublicationFittished Every Tuesday and FridayPer Year.. $2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Adavance.WIFT CHAMP, EdlWr and Owner.Any erroneous reflection upon the''karacter, standing or reputation ofy person, firm or corporation whichy appear in the columns of THEOCFRBON NEWS will be' gladly corrii9ftl If 'brought to attention of the' iltor.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 pernjjflfcclL'for "first time; 50 cents per inch,;ch subsequent Insertion..Reading Notices, 10 cents per line1 Attach issue; reading notices in black' fcjie20 cents per line, each issue.v Cards of thanks, rcalls on candl.rPat; (Obituaries and resolutions, andteltaE,niatterf ip cents per line.1 ' 'Special rates for large advertisefl'iwU''aadyearIy contracts.'Tk.itlght of publisher Is reservedjrigiicUa any- advertisement or othermat&cf for publicationJ&louncBments for political officesim&rif hvariably be accompanied by,,pkCfcSh..- This piper has enlistedritttfHe government in therealise of, America for the.penou qi uie war -EDITORIAL MUSINGS..?v Tell 'Em The Truth!"Thee are words of truth, no matter whom they hurt, so what's thedifference, anyway? It has to dowith some of the selfish individuals. J It-in -this city 'and in the county.PIni'the present crisis the selfish in-yfjdfridaal sticks out like a sore thumbon the" body -politic. Deep selfishnessj- ',amd deep "patriotism are as incom-3&ttible as is Are and water. The de-mauds of the struggle against Gerr Jatan slavery are so enornious that-the extremely selfish individuals whdSrtCuse to answer the calls stand outbranded and disgraced. The loyalr "iipublic is growing extremely impati-ent with the hogs who grab andliaard, and also dodge the calls of"their country. They are expected to- wfdo as much as they are able, too.-"Millions of loyal people with good"credit are borrowing money to help-jotltr their country, borrowing in or--der to buy Liberty Bonds, War Savfngs Stamps, and to help the Redr rjQross, etc., while hundreds of misers-who have money in plenty are hand-r ing out their few dollars with an air.that seems to say: "You ought toconsider it an honor to take theseIf ifa:-dollars from a good citizen 'like1me."2fc these people -not deceive them-sOselves. -iThe eyes of the people ofTRaris -were opened during the recentxsenaigns as to the true worth toxbje community of these misers andloders. Iet them 'uot deceivetheraselves into the belief that theirnsctcomlngs will -sbon' be forgotten.tJ3Se eyes of the people are wide open"tothese things asthey have neveriwtcn? before.' " They are busy discuss-&iynGT checking Tip on everybody."W are sometimes astonished by theMtxtemt. to Which this" course is beingcarried -out " 'Boycotts in business,lwrjpubiic taints of disloyalty, the'open condemnation of the stingy,-grasping ones who take all and givenothing, came swift and sure in"Paris. The goats have been separat--ed from the sheep."' The storm will break in furyjw&en some day the long casualtylists contain the nanes of manybrave Bourbon county boys who havegloriously defended the cause of freedom and civilization against the on-"fwa ,of the barbarous and plunderfmg liutchers of Europe. Then these"human sharks who have fastened"3Mr saw-teeth into their dollars andt those of better men and women willvbe called to an accounting. And woe,"'Sbeude them that day!Work and Essentials.-Isn't it perferctly natural that ashould grieve when a board offcis fellow-citizens rule that the jobwhich perhaps 'pays hftn $100 permonth is unimportant, and that hes;atuf$ either go out and pitch hay at$4 per month or go overseas andfight at & dollar a day?,. If the country is to maintain,"fcusiness as usual" and it must to-fweet the financial obligations denied by the loan camjaigns Itd saier to nare this matterofeeeio deteraiined by some Ixenthe-jtfijgnent of sall&ooal boards.A boajfr i$gbAVpei'moved by ttie,waya cWfs prefcoateA hot-airjmrchantmight be atile to impress hem wihthe importance of his work, While "aman who is ieally ?oing somethingof service would have io tuvn asidebecause of lack of eloquence tc present his cause.Boards need not be eager to disturb existing conditions unless someresponsible complaint is made, orthey are in a judicial position to takecognizance of the case. Telling aman that he must go and find another job does not avail much unlessit ca-n be shown that the job existsand the man can have it. As a matter of fact in some localities thereare many men said to be looking forwork to-day and it is not their faultthat they do not find it.Letters To The SoldiersWere you ever a lonely countryboy or girl in the city, where allaround you were burning the brightlights and in your ears were ringingnoises and music a-plenty? Therewas plenty of excitement, but noneseemed to be for you. Your eyes andears were closed to your environment, but your inward senses werelooking and listening for thosethings which were dear to yourheart those things and the lovedones you had left behind. It maynot haye been long since you leftthem, certainly not long enough for,you to forget them.Our boys in Prance and in the.army camps have not been gone longmaybe not so long to them as itseems to us they have not forgotten us and the environment ofhome, neither will they forget. Although they are in the midst of manyattractions and are subjected tomany novel, and sometimes thrilling,experiences that picture of home andits surroundings cannot escape theirvision. Certainly we would not desire them to forget.Then write them frequent letters,telling theni how the crops aregrowing, and new tricks the dog mayhave learned to perform, how the animals on the farm are doing, all thenews of the neighborhood in whichyou reside in the city the brightestside, of course, of all the neighborhood and, incidentally, how glad,we are to hear of the Allies' successesat any time, or of the good workthey are all doing, and especially ofhow our own Americans are holdingup the -nation's past record. Be careful to omit the things that worry andvex us here, because if they worryus they will certainly worry themmore yes, more than the thingsthey have to face out there.Will your soldier son, brother, orlover, wait impatiently next week orthe week after for the long-expectedletter, and then turn sadly away,with a manner that says all tooplainly, 'They have forgotten meback home!" No, a thousand time,no, people of Paris and Bourboncounty, no. Write to him now, cheerhim up, and let him know that youare thinking of him and what sacrifices he has made that liberty andcivilization may not be driven fromthe face of the earth. You do notKNOW the comfort he will derivefrom your letters. He KNOWS iteven in expectation.to to toORDER RESTRICTING USE OFBEEF IS MODIFIED.Regulations issued June 17 limiting the serving of beef at public eating places to four meals a week wereamended Friday by the Federal FoodAdministration for Kentucky, effective Saturday.Observance of the regulations hasresulted in immediate conservationand permitted the Government topurchase substantial amounts of thebeef required for export, Lyne Herndon, chairman of the hotel divisionof the Food Administration for Kentucky, announced.It now develops also that theschedule prescribed at that timewould cause spoilage through leftover wastes In sopie parts of thecountry. The Food AdministrationHotel Division, therefore, issued inlieu of previous beef orders the following rule:"All public eating places and clubsiarepermitted to serve beef, roast,boiled or stewed, or steak, one mealper day, with the understanding thatthe by-products consisting of hearts,tongues, tails, livers, heads, tripe,feet, barrel, potted beef, beef loaf,chili con carne, beef trimmings,bologna and frankfurters, may beserved at any time."In the State,of Kentucky the midday meal, Irom 11 to 2 o'clock, willbe considered, the meal at which beefmay be 'served."This rub will he enforced on andafter July 6 until further notice.",to Ha toSome say the. chefs will not beable to pake pie crust without wheatflour, as they are now ordered to do.but we say they -will. It may not befancy ie crust, but it will be irondand durable anyhow. Tamn Tri-THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, Kt.Turcr nut yra ?I flllllL mmw9 HlliHREFU THE BJWYLively Work of "Major Fawcettand Captain Thrall atCamp Blank.SPRUCED UP FOR OVERSEASHungry and l!!-Clad 'Soldiers Well Fedarid Made'8plck-and.8pan forthe Voyage to BattleFront In France.Washington. Maj. George W. Fawcett 'is' the 'camp quartermaster at anAmerican embarkation camp. It is hisfirst business to see that troops goingoverseas find comfortable, healthfultemporary quarters, and have plenty offood. The camp is more than a restresort for travelers. When it wasestablished less than a year ago incoming troops were warned that theymust not rely on getting any of theiroverseas outfit here. This is so completely changed under Major Fawcett'sadministration that there is nothingan organization can possibly needwhich this camp will not supply nearlyas fast as the men can be marchedup to his warehouses to take the supplies away.Tlajor Fawcett has a ten-foot squareOffice in an unpalnted shack. He sitsat 'a little desk with two clerks, one behind him and the other at his side. Atelephone receiver is strapped over hishead all the time. The officers requiring supplies for the .present and future who come into this camp makemistakes, big and little, but not oneof them has ever got anything worsethan an amused or an astonished grinfrom the camp quartermaster. "It Iseasier and quicker to give a man whatyou know he wants," the major says,"than to waste your time, his, and thegovernment's, by quarreling with himbecause he has not put his needs inproper shape.'Makes It Easy for Them.. Army regulations require particularprinted formulas for requisitions, prepared with scrupulous attention tosmall details. Major Fawcett hastaught his men to accept any scribbledmemorandum on the back of an envelope or a bit of wrapping paper, tell theapplicant for supplies to come backIn half an hour, and, then, when he returns, hand to him a perfectly arrangedform of requisition, stating 'all hisneeds with military exactness, and atthe same time directing him to a storehouse where his supply Is alreadywaiting.The Interior traffic of the camp hasIncreased until 100 big motortrucksare tearing through the streets fromdawn until dark, and half of themwork far Into the night. The more thecamp speeds up the more troops MajorFawcett invites the war department tosend through the camp. The ideal ofseeing to It that no man crosses theseas for service with clothing andequipment which Is not new, or as goodas new, has Just about been reached.Troops are detrained from the InteriorIn dusty, faded clothing, patched andpulled out of shape, and go onto theirships In an Incredibly short time dressed up like a show window display.His lieutenants In charge of moneydisbursements, subsistence, construction, transportation, and reclamationare at his door with brand-new complications every few minutes. Bewildered supply officers, who have cometo the camp without the slightest ideaof what is expected of them (and whowould have resigned before coming hadthey known) appear at his 'door looking scared ; they listen for a few minutes to the general run of his telephone conversation, forget their scare,answer his questions with a promptness and a deflnlteness .which seem tosurprise the men themselves, and goout with their heads up, smiling confidently, and accomplish changes andreflttings and substitutions such asthey had never dreamed of.Work Well Divided.The work under Major Fawcett subrUvided Itself naturally so that no disproportionate burden falls on any onedepartment, with one exception. Foraccounting purposes It is absolutelynecessary that one man should havecharge of what, In quartermaster language, is called "property." He mustsign every Invoice and assume responsibility for it financially. This Jobunder Major Fawcett Is that, of CaptC. E. Thrall, Q. M. R. O. CaptainThrall has counted it a big night whenhe has had more than four hours sleepsince the war started.Captain Thrall has never beencaught rattled. He swears now andthen, but laughs at himself when he( swears-and he never Jats anybody elseget rattled. Captain Thrall is a muchmore tired looking man than he was ayear ago but like his chief he hasfound ithat;tiie best way to keep menmoving is to meet ignorance and stupidity alike with a friendly grin' andStraighten them out as they go along." Major Fawcett left the regular army17 jears ago and was -for many yearspurchasing agent for the Philippineconstabulary.. Captain Thrall camefrom the ranks-trf -the -regular army.Beggar Had $500.Memphis, Tenn. John Johnston, aprofessional beggar, cursed a whitewoman when she refused to buy a pencil from him. He was arrested. Atthe city Jail when he was searchedlwfho. -$500 in currency was found In hisJaris -lPeoe;AShod6tlNeriectBackache is often nature's mostfrequent signal of weakened kidneys. To cure the pains and aches,to remove the lameness when itarises from weakened kidneys, youmust reach the cause the kidneys.If you have pain through the smallof your back, urinary disorders,headncIVcs, dizzy spells, or are nervous and deprave, start treating thekidneys with a tested kidney remedy.Doan's Kidney Pills have beenproved good and are especially forweak kidneys. Doan's have been usedin kidney trouble for over 50 years.Read Paris testimony.Floyd H. Rankin, grocer, Lillestonavenue and Lucas street, says: "Ihave used 'Doan's Kidney Pills offand on for years and have beengreatly benefited. At times I havesuffered severely with kidney complaint. My back often pained meand was lame most all the time.The kidney secretions were too frequent in passage and greatly annoyed me. Whenever I have been thisway, a box of Doan's Kidney Pillshas never failed to cure me of theattack in short order."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Rankin had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)to to toHEW RADIO STATION LINKS NORWAY AND AMERICA.One of the most powerful andmodernly equipped wireless stationsin the world has recently been completed near Savaner, on the southwest coast of Norway, by the Norwegian government for comjnnmica-tion with the United States, says anarticle in the August Popular Mechanics Magazine. The masts of thestation are 400 feet high. It is predicted that the new sending and receiving plants will make Norway thecenter of future telegraphic communication between Europe and theUnited States.to to toCHAMBERLAIN'S TABLETS.These tablets are intended especially for stomach troubles, biliousness and constipation. If you haveany trouble of this sort, give them atrial and realize for yourself what afirst class medicine will do for you.They only cost a quarter.(adv-july)CAN YOU IMAGINE THIS?Theda Bara is to do a comedy.No custard pies or hose, you understand, but refined comedy, if youknow what that means. You knowwhere the husband comes home andfinds a pair of men's shoes in hiswife's bedroom. After a couple ofreels it turns out that they belongto his wife's brother, who left themthere to be shined.Theda believes that what theworld wants now is cheerful entertainment; hence her change fromthe home-wrecking stuff. The newcomedy has been written especiallyfor Miss Bara by N. E. Gibson andis called "The Little She-DeviT."For Rent.Modern cottage of six rooms;bath; gas; electric lights; garage;next to Twelfth and High streets.DR. F. P1. CAMPBELL,Paris, Ky.Cumberland Phone 142.(28-tf)For Sale or Rent.One 16 -horse-power Garr-Scott engine, in good condition. Call on oraddress,MRS. JACK WOODS,206 West Eighth St., Paris, Ky.(18-tf) Home Phone 397.PBAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly RollCream PuffsDoughnuts, Rolls, PiesGROCERYFruitsFresh VegetablesMEATDEPARTMENTRoatsLamb, Veal, PorkBrainsWltMQTHGrocery Co.Phone 376Keddn Hedgesm AH persons owing Red Cross Society pledges are requested to callon the undersigned, at the BourbonAgricultural Bank & -Trust Co., andpay their pledges promptly.,,o . B WOODFORD, Treasurer.(12-4t-pd)Used Gars For Sale!Two 1318 Ford touring cars; two191 1 touring cars; one 1917 roadster; one -19J 8 ce.pe;, all in goodconditipn; .quick' sales at a bargain. 'W. O. CROMBIE & ORR,Shawhan, Ky.Home Phone 2; Cumberland 47.(12-3t)FOR RENT.Cottage of 4 rooms, hath intorand laundry. Front rnnm nnn kused for office. Two rooms upstairs.Location, 6 23 'Main street. Apply toMRS. J. B. NORTHCOTT,tf) High Street.IRONWe pay highest prices for ironjunk, hides and wool.MUNICH. & -WIDES & CO.,Eighth St., Paris, Ky.,Cumb. Phone 374.(23-tf)OptometryMeans Eye ServiceParis' exclusive optical parlors.Frames and Mountings, all stylesLorgnettes, Binocular Auto Goggles.Shades ground in -any color desired.We do frame repairing and can' duplicate any lens, no matter where fitted. Nothing but hign-grade material used. Call and let's get acquainted Optometrically. . We chargefor examination.Dr. Wm. Riley Franklin"OPTOMETRIST."Both- Phones. 520 Main StSee Us ForFARMMACHINERYand SuppliesMcCormickMowing MachinesandCorn Binders"No better onHave stood theC. S. BALLCor. Fourth andTUESDAY, JULY It, 131.Women Attendants, Wanted.Wanted, women attendants. Experience not necessary, but preferredApply at or address, The CincinnatiSanitarium, College Hill Station,Cincinnati, Ohio. (8-4wks)Dissolution Notice!The firjm of Dickerson & DouglasGarage has been mutually uissolvedMr. Dickerson retires from the firmMr. Douglass will collect and settleall accounts of the firm.B. R. DICKERSON,J. S. DOUGLAS.(2-6t)SheriffBOURBON QUARTERLY COURT.R. P. DOW .. .. PlaintiffVs. Notice of Sale.!WM. REMINGTON .... DefendantPursuant to distress warrant andorder of sale, the undersigned will, onSaturday, July 27, 1918about the hour of 10 a. m., in thestore room of R. P. Dow, on MainStreet, Paris, Kentucky, occupied bvWm Remington, expose to publicsale the following personal property,or so much thereof as will raise theamount of the distress warrant,I50,00r with interest from June 1,1918, until paid at the rate of 6per annum, and the costs of this proceeding,, to-wit:Ona Job Printing Press, one Cylinder Newspaper Press, one ElectricMotor,. seTen Roller Cores, Pulleysand SIrafting, one Water Motor, onePaper Cutter, four Imposing Stones,four Steel, Seven-column NewspaperChases, one Proof Press, severalBrass 'Galleys, one Job ImposingStone, four Stands, lot of Job andNewspaper Type.TERMS. Said sale will be madeupon credit of six months, purchasersto execute bond with good surety, approved by the undersigned.W. G. McCLINTOCK,Sheriff of Bourbon County.(3t-12-I6-19)AH Kinds ofthe market.test of years.PUasant Sti.s Sale!GARAGEnwcuiation rather than to be left to ' bune ''"l V.. mlStt.tI TUIBDAY ITJL llM.iqVpfAitfnmr -t..,r-i t "-"BED CROSS HUBSES.The young1 woman who. choosesnursing as a profession has a life ofunlimited opportunities open beforeher. For nursing, highly developedas it has become, is jusf at its dawning. Now, while all the world is calling for more trained nurses to helpin this war, it is the profession'of supreme privilege for women; and after the war it will be no less a patriotic service. Then, indeed, nursingwill have a new place in the world.Nursing is no longer the care ofth sick and wounded alone. It isthe care of babies and the pxe-natalinstruction of mothers; supervisionof the health of school children;welfare work in industrial plants;preventive work against tuberculosis; mental hygiene work; hospitalsocial service. It includes administering hospitals and training schoolsfor nurses, instruction of studentnurses, and assisting in all the various branches of community healthwork.Thus it enters into almost everybrance of the social service structure. After the war will come the gianttasks of reconstruction both of menjand of countries. Europe, as well asthe United States, will need capable,highly trained women to help withthese tasks. They will need trainingschools for nurses and thoroughlytrained women to administer them.American Red Cross nursesareconducting a teaching center atMilan, in Italy, to-day. Before ourentrance into the war Miss HelenScott Hay and her assistants wereadministering a school for nurses inBulgaria at the request of the givernment. Unequaled opportunities are waiting for every strong and capableyoung woman who becomes a trainednurse. Her profession is advancingrapidly as a science. The war, ofcourse, is accelerating this advance,and thea pplication of nursing to thediscoveries in the war hospitals ofEurope shows something of the marvelous development of which the profession of nursing is capable. RedCross Bulletin.1S fe ISTHE STATE TAX COMMISSION INCREASES TAX VALUES.The assessed valuation of propertyreturned by the county assessors tothe State Tax Commission for thepresent year, exclusive of bank deposits, amount to $1,403,047,900, ascompared to $911,279,258 for lastyear.Bank deposits for the present yearwere assessed for taxation at $179,147,250, as compared to $11,277,196for the year 1917. Exclusive of bankdeposits the increase in the assessedvaluation of property as returned bythe various counties is 53.9 per cent.Including bank deposits the increasein the assessed valuation of propertyover 1917 was 71.5 per cent.In the shake-up the counties ofCentral Kentucky are re-rated on thenew tax schedule as follows: Bourbon, froni $16,980,383 in 1917 to$24,711,025 in 1918; Clark, fromS13,161,498 to $19,464,314; Fayette,from $41,989,054 to $60,549,220;Franklin, from $9,919,490 to $14,657,968; Harrison, from $4,613,516to $14,499,245; Madison, from $13,841,750 to $20,498,630; Montgomeryfrom $7,450,380 to $10,761,588;Nicholas, from $5,371,540 to $7,423,160; Scott, from $10,028,889 to $14,238,601; Woodford, "$11,835,503 to$15,384,939.THE' JOY OF LIVING.To enjoy life we must have goodhealth. No one can reasonably hopeto get much real pleasure out of lifewhen his bowels are clogged a goodshare of the time and the poisons thatthat should be expelled are absorbedinto the system, producing headacheand indigestion. A few doses ofChamberlain's Tablets will move thebowels, strengthen the digestion andgive you a chance to realize the realjoy of living. Try it.(adv-july)MICK1E SAYSE.MPTVIN' THE WA5TE8ASKETVJOULONT HWE TO 8 DDNEAR SO OPFEN F SOTAE. OFTHErA BOOBS THAT'S TRW IN'TO GrSP THE BOSS ODTEM ALOT OF FREE AOVERTlSNtt1POULO JEST CUT OUT SENDttVHUA, SO tAUCH JvmW THRO1-TUE, feW-rV)nt'DEUGHTJU& .DATJOlBUIJMlXCAMP SPOKE.Last summer the girls-of Kentuckyhad, their first opportunity of enjoying Camp Daniel Boone. This yearthe young? Women's Christian Association of Lexington will assume themanagement- -of the- camp - from the5th to the 26th of August. In atime when we all need a L- body,clear mind and hopef thislife in the perfect o rd houldappeal to many.The camp is on the KenoKy River,two miles below Valley View. Thegirls live in double tents, which aresupplied with floors, chairs and thefamous gold metal COts. The osirtvnsite is high and dry. At Lexingtonj-fuuge are games, a library, readingroom, writing table, in addition tothe kitchen and dining roomvof thecamp. The old" stone chimney witha large, double, fireplace in the center makes even rainy days pleasant.Wayside Inn. the new eamn Tinfolmakes it possible to comfortably carefor friends of the girls who wishto- stay over night. Ten steel rowboats, a bathing dock, diving stand,spring boards, shoot-the-chutes andone of the best-sand beaches on theKentucky River combine to makeideal swimming. Every precaution istaken to protect tfteirls in swimming. Instruction is given free.Athletics will include swimming,rowing, tennis, track meets, hikes,etc. Campfires with stories, songs,marshmallow roasts, entertainmentsand parties of all kinds will fill theevenings. Two thing's will h mm.puisory attendance at chapel services and one hour a day patrioticwork, knitting or surgical dressings.Bible study, nature study, and healthtaiKs wia De optional.Six dollars per week covers thecost of tent and food and all therecreation and entertainment youwant.For the two weeks August 5-19,all girls over sixteen years of ageare invited to the camp. For theweek August 20-26, all girls in HighSchool and equivalent grades in private schools (no age restriction) areinvited to a High School Conference.Teachers are also invited to the Conferences. Misses Harriet Rogers, EdithStivers and Helen Hutchcraft, Paris,Ky., who are among; the leaders ofthe camp will be glad to give anyfurther information desired. It is advised that applications be made assoon as possible as the camp is filling up very fast. Circulars and application blanks may be secured fromMiss Helen Hutchcraft.1 fft MTHE AUGUST AMERICAN MAGAZINE. The August American Magazineleads off with "The Story of the Kankee Kid," which is an account of theexploits of Harvey Johnson, a fourteen-year-oldKentucky boy who hasfought in the trenches of Europe."Seven Good Things Coming Out ofthe 'War" is by Dr. Frank Crane, thefamous editorial writer. Charles Edison, son of Thomas' A. Edison, haswritten an article called "My Experiences Working for Father," inwhich he tells some new stories ofThomas A. Edison. Baroness Huardis the author of a war article called"How "Would Tou Like These Germans in Your House?" Booth Tarkington has written a splendid article called "Using the Kaiser;" FredKelly tells "What Kinds of People toTrust in Money Matters," and Dr.Rose says, "You Don't Naturally GetFat as You Grow Older." vThe theatrical article this monthis by and about Billy Burke. Geo.M. Reynolds, the Chicago banker,tells "Why the Decisive Man WinsOut," and "Making a Splurge for theNeighbors" is an anonymous- articleon living too high. The fiction contains stories by such well knownauthors as Jack Yait, Ellis ParkerButler, Will C. Beale and FrancisLudwig. Holworthy Hall's new. serialcontinues and the Interesting Peopleand Family Money departments areas interesting as usual.Bg paTHE AUGUST WOMAN'S HOMECOMPANION.Juliet Wilbur Tompkins has thefirst half of a new novel, "The Starling," in the August Woman's HomeCompanion, and the second half is toappear next month. Anna EteeceRichardson's editorial, "Is This Woman's War?" and Margaret Deland'sfourth article from 'France are alsoin this number. There are severalinteresting short stories by MaryHeaton Vorse, Sophie Kerr, Graceand Mark Lee Luther and MateelHowe Farnham.The "Soldiers All" page is full ofpractical suggestions from womenwar workers, and the fashion department is timely. There are somesplendid potato recipes on the cooking page, many good ideas for vacations, and little hints for midsummergardens.A beautiful four-color painting entitled "Allies Day, 1917," by ChildeHassam is in this issue, all ready toframe, and a picture section of greatinterest.1 ) toXenophon P. Wilfley has been given the seat in the United Slates Sen-1 ote left vacant by the death of Senator Stone. Any man with a nameJ like that is bound to be in the publice eye sooner or later. Birmingham Age-Herald."We need more of everything:.says W. J.,'Bry&nrNbtmbre'ofBry-an, slorjoe. v- -, SOCIAL AND, PERSONAL.Comings as Goingp. of OurPeople Here There andElsewhere.Mr. Rhodes Donnell has returned from a visit to friends and relatives in Carlisle.Miss Nellie McClintock has returned from a visit to Dr. and Mrs.F. L. Lapsley, near Shelbyville.Mrs. Lou Curran, of Cynthiana,is a guest of her daughter, Mrs. JohnMattox, on Pleasant street.Mrs. J. Moler McVey, of Dayton,Ky., is a guest of her father, Mr.Robert M. Terrill. near Clintonville.Mr. and Mrs. John Cahal leftSunday for a two-weeks' visit to Mr.Cahal's brother, Mr. A. F. Cahal, inFarmer, 111.Mr. and Mrs. Don Schlosser, ofColumbus, Ohio, are guests of thelatter's mother, Mrs. Mayme Parker,on Mam street.Miss Bessie Tyrell, of Lexington,is a guest of Miss Margaret Lenihan,in this city, and of Miss Anna Burns,near Centerville.Miss Jessie Beasley and brother,Mr. Will Beasley, of near Paris, areguests of their sister, Mrs. BoonePhillips, rn Maysville.Mrs. C. A. Daugherty was a guestseveral days last week of her daughter,. Mrs. J. T. Hazlerigg, and Prof.Hazlerigg, in Shelbyville.Mrs. Spencer Johnson anddaughters, of near Paris, MissesGladys and Carrie Johnson, are visiting relatives in Dayton, Ohio.Rev. and Mrs. J. Taylor Sharrard have gone to their countryhome, near Broadwell, in Harrisoncounty, to remain the rest of thesummer.Mrs. Virgil Harney has returnedfrom a visit to her husband, who isa member of the United States armystationed at Camp Custer, near Detroit, Mich.Mr. James McDonald, of theConfederate Home at Pewee Valley,Ky., is a guest of his old comradeMr. Charles H. Meng, near NorthMiddletown."Mrs. Nellie Dick, Miss FlorenceDick and Mr. William ,Arnold havereturned to their home near Paris,after a visit to relatives in Louisville and Lexington.Mrs. C. E. Haynie and Mrs. R.B. Hathway have returned to theirhomes in Cincinnati, after a visit toMr. and Mrs. George W. Clay, onEast Seventh street.Mr. Robert L. Frank left Sundayfor a business trip to New York.From there he will go to SaranacLake for a visit to his wife anddaughter, who are spending the summer there.Mrs. W. R. Shanklin and daughter, Miss Ethel Shanklin, who havebeen guests of Mr. and Mrs. W. HCannon, at their home on Cypressstreet, have returned to their homein Carlisle.Misses Nancy and Dorris Chandler, daughters of Mrs. Kate Chandler,of Erie, Pa., are guests of theirgrandmother, Mrs. W. A. Morris, andMr. and Mrs. Thos. G. Morris, onPleasant street.Mrs. Louis Saloshin has asguests at her home on Pleasantstreet, Mrs. S. Saloshin, of Covington, and daughter, Mrs. Gus Hollander, and little daughter, Margery, ofAmarilla, Texas.Mr. and Mrs. John T .Hinton arehost and hostess at their home onHigh street, to Miss Margaret Graham Davis, of Springfield, Ky.,daughter of Mr. Wm. Hinton Davis,formerly of Paris.Dr. Lydia Pogue, who has beena guest of Mrs. Wm. B. Woodford, ather country home near Paris, returned yesterday to Cincinnati,where she is assistant physician inLongivew Hospital.Mrs. Willie Squires, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. Lyle Jacoby, of nearHutchison, is a patient at the TtfassieMemorial Hospital, in this city,where she underwent an operationrecently for appendicitis.Mrs. Frank P. Clay, Jr., and son,Mr. Francis Clay, of Louisville, wholiave been guests for several days ofMrs. Thompson Tarr, at her home onthe Georgetown pike, near this city,are now guests of friends and relatives in Lexington.Mrs. Bryan Hash, of near thiscity, who underwent an operationfor appendicitis some time ago, andwhose life was despaired of for sometime after, is now on the road to recovery, which is very encouraging toher many friends.Mrv R. F. Clendenin left Sundayfor Milwaukee, Wis., to attend theagency convention of the Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Co. Mr.Cledenin will deliver an address tothe delegates on the subject, "Writing Insurance For Farmers."Rev. James L. Gorey, of Newport, has returned to his home inthat city, after a visit of several daysto his brother, Mr. Edward H. Gorey,and other relatives in this city andcounty. Rev. Gorey is a native ofParis, and manifests his love for hisold home place by revisiting it whenever the occasion is offered.Miss Adams, of Huntington,West Virginia, was the guest ofhonor last week at the home of Mr.and Mrs. C. S. Ball,' near this city,whore she is visiting Miss CharlinaBall, the daughter of the home.The occasion was a pretty partygiven in compliment to Miss Adams,one of the handsomest young womenwhom Bourbon county has had thegood, fortune to entertain for manymoons. About twenty-five guests enjoyed the afternoon, in conversation,knitting, music, and, more knitting.A salad course was served. Theguests on the merry occasion were,besides the guest of honor, Miss Adorns, as follows: Misses ElizabethBrown, Virginia Cook, ElizabethCrutcher, Mary Fithian Hutchcraft,Anna Wilson, Elizabeth Jasper, Dorcas Ussery, Martha Ferguson, HelenHutchcraft, Hattie Hill O'Neill, Patsey Clarke, Katherine Wilson, SaraPower, Alfa Ball, Carolyn Roseberryand Miss Orr; Mesdamee W. C. Dan-ertz and' Amos Turney, Jr,iei, Minerva uooawin, unncn' Mem-(Other Penonala on-Pftg 5.)lMHHOHS:KApf Of jtJBggC, GOxu MTOMB01I3)S, ,NEWXYORK,. July 15. The BuschiTZll 2LSt' 'Luis,-bought '-atf leastS1,UUO,000 worth of the German, warbonds, which the Government-believeswere sold in this country .for prppa-gaima ana tor the purchase of thenewspapers, according to a statementissued a few days ago by Alfred L.Becker, Deputy State Attorney General. Mr. Becker .added that probably more than $100,000,000 worthof the bonds had been sold in theUnited States.Mr. Beckeri emphasized the pointthat, while the United States still wasneutral, the-Imnerinl OirrmnTi fJnwom.ment, without a cent of expense toitself established a fund to reduce apart of the American press with goodscraps of, paper.Manv AmprifTis Ti soiH fnvMsforlin the German bonds before thiscountry went to war in the same manner that they now are buying libertyuv"uo, uenevmg mat me money wasto be used legitimately for the buyingof munitions' and war supplies, and"not suspecting- that their'dollare wereto be used against their own country.The Adolphus Busch estate, A. A.Busch and Mrs Lillie Busch, wereamong the subscribers, in Americato the German war loans, he, declared, adding that when Mrs. Busch wasexamined recently by Governmentagents on her arrival in this country,she had disclaimed any knowledge ofthe alleged purchase of the Eveningman.Captain David A-. Henkes-, who wasdismissed from the TJited Stn.P rnnnir- www m..by court-martial for wishing to resign after being sent to France andwho was sentenced to 25 years atFort Leavenworth, used" part of hisarmy pay to buy German bonds, according to Mr. Becker.Alter asserting that money raisedon the bonds eventnallv wnc deposited to the credit of Dr. HeinrichF. Albert and Count von Bernstorff,Mr. Becker said in his statement:"In February, 1917, just beforeVon Bernstorff sailed, he sent mnwthan $400,000 to Buenos Aires forthe account of the German Government. "Dr. Albert and Count von Bernstorff checked out from the war loanfunds in the Central Trust Companyand other institutions in this citywhat money they needed for buyingnewspapers."We have not finished with our examinations. All of this evidence weare, collecting will go before thegrand jury and it is safe to, assumethat there will be more arrests beforewe gLZ through."BUSCH "EXPLAINS."ST. LOUIS, MO., July 15. AugustA. Busch, a son of Mrs. AdolphusBusch, Thursday night declared thestatement of Alfred L. Becker,Deputy State Attorney General ofNew York, that the Busch family hadbought $1,000,000 of German warbonds, to be exaggerated by half."It is true," he said, "that Ibought $50(M)00 of the bondsthrough a local trust company aboutToday, July 16, at Alamo and' A Daughter of theGod'With Annette Kellerman, the Most Perfectly Formed Womanin the World.: z fj?KXA orattpfpif -riMrvsJ v ai r-v- - -- r : -vv.'' e .-Jlz T,s-wsr m.SpecialShowTuesday, 10 A.M.Admission 15 Cents(War Tax Included)tFor Children Under12 Years- NOTE Night Show Pricesfor Lqwtr Floor and Balcony,25 Cents to All. Semi your'Children U the morningshow;twpyera,agortrI bought llOO.OOf.worth for myself and; $400,000 worthfor my mother, arc knew nothingabout the purchase until two weeksago when she retnmeri -f-rnm n.many and I told her about it. If Inaa tne least intimation that themoney was to be used for German'propaganda, I would not have invested a cent."20,000 HOLDERS OF GERMANBONDS.WASHINGTON, July 15. A fairlycomplete list of the holders of German government bonds in tho TtnH-axStates is among the assets of secretcciviue men ngnung German propaganda, it was said by oflicialsdiscussing tne disclosure of the largeholdings of the Busch family madeyesterday by Alfred L. Becker, NewYork, Assistant Attorney General., Names of nearly 20,000 Individualsare on the list, which has been builtup during the course of secret investigation made in the last twoyears. A wide distribution was givento the securities a-nd they were issuedin denoniinations of as small as $50.Approximately six different issuesof the bonds were made in the United States in order to evade the English blockade, and to make the bondsvalueless if seized a provision was incorporated on the face of most ofthem that they should be consideredinvalid unless rnnTitercia-noii v.Count von Bernstorff, formerly Germany s AmDassaaor to th TTnitdStates. They were underwritten ingood-sized blocks by various bankinghouses and syndicates, the Trans-AtlanticTrust Company, ofilcers ofwhom were arrested yesterday forinternment, being an active agent.An estimate of the total amountobtained by the Germans throughbond sales was refused byofficials. It is known, to have lieenlarge, though probably below the I-luu,vuu,uuu ngure intimated by Mr.Becker. The property in the bondsis technically classed as Americanholdings of investments in Germanyand is thus not necessarily subjectto seizure by the alien property custodian. 'MBS. BURNS' IETTEB.Here is a letter that is certain toprove of interest to people in this vicinity, as cases of this sort occur inalmost every neighborhood, and people should know what to do in likecircumstances:Savannah, Mo., Oct. 12,1916."I used a bottle of Chamberlain'sColic and Diarrhoea Remedy aboutnine years ago and it cured me offtux (dysentery.) I had another at-tack of the same copiplaint somethree or four years ago and a fewdoses of this remedy cured me. Ihave recommended Chamberlain's?Colic and Diarrhoea Remedy to dozens of people since I first used it."(adv-july)It is easy to get a reputation as al:ar. Just set yourself up in businessas a weather prophet.Wm. Fox Presents-, ,--flil H ADMISSION ,M dfeMCa dmavmeJ MB"Mara, zoacr"IJXE LETTER. FiOJf BOJCL""More home newspapers is fittstant appeal from the Americandiersin.thet xenchesrandheepitalrJBdiers in the trenches and hospital leteRed Cross report made public JeLondon last week.fc 1 JLAME SHOULBEBThis ailment is usually causedNrrheumatism of the muscles. All tfcrtis needed is absolute rest and al'tewrapplications of Chaniberlai& I2a$rment: Try it. j;(adv-julyVon Hindenburg's drive continuesbut the vehicle is beginning to look'more like a 'hearse tbain a Tmuwagon. Dallas News.Twin Bros.Department StoreMain and 7th Paris, Ky.BigDressSaleWe are giving1 you the .benefit of this sale. Webought them at right pricesand will dispose of them atprices not to be duplicated,GinghamDressesChecked and striped patterns, sizes 16 to 50,$2.49 upVoile and Organdy Dresses.Beautiful patterns and ,fashionably modeled, at$3.75, $4.98, $5.5tand $6.95You should seethese before they,are gone.Paris Grandto. ,J tawt.-wtfi.5L!iCrbc6ailes;5ff-i- 7? ? vrMV V -MgfX.-&-Ma :fm.Morning and AfternoonChildren 15c; Adults 25c.Night Show- Lower Floor aeulBakony 25c to All.Gallery 15c.5VIfi!?fli)'VJ-rTHiiirlrlmf) 'THE BOURBON jflWS, P ABES, KT.YAH IMSTUWDAT; JTJl 1, int.n4.MV1 1itMIIraws OF WOMEJTS WOXXnrTERESTIHG TO club- WOMEK.h ' .Knitters Wanted.Bourbon county's quota is 4,0 (JOpairsof socks, 500 sweaters, 200 helmets by Sept. 1st. ' Call at MissOwen's and get a supply of yarn.vAt the Eed Cross Booms.Tuesday C. W. B. M.Wednesday "Woman's Society,Catholic church.Friday Woman's Society Presbyterian church.HILLSBORO IS REALLY SOME PATBIOTIC TOWN.One-fifth of the population of Hillboro, in Fleming county, estimatedat 150 persons, have volunteered forservice in the Navy within the pastseven weeks.This was announced by Chief PettyOfficer Emmett Fordyee, of the Lexington recruiting office, followingthe enlistment of Morrel Q. Winter,the twenty-eighth man to volunteerat the local office since May 25. Themajority" were not of draft age atthe time of their enlistment.Hillsboro is leading Kentucky inenlistments figured on a per capitasbasis and Chief Fordyee believes itto be a Central'Naval District record.He stated that he would cite the instance to the Navy Department. Thetown, which is leading all others inKentucky in naval enlistments is afarming village in Fleming county.Most of the men enlisted were farm-RESOLUTION!AH ORDINANCE REQUIRING EACHPROPERTY HOIDER TO MAKECONNECTION WITH SANITABYSEWEBS DJ PARIS, KENTUCKY,AND PROVIDING A PENALTY,F0B THE-VIOLATION THEREOFCitytHall, Paris, Ky., July 11, 1918.BE'lT ENACTED BY THE BOARDOF COUNCIL OF THE CITY OFPABIS:(1)-JL-That all persons owning realproperty fronting on or abutting anystreet in the City of Paris, Kentucky,upon or along which street there isa sanitary sewer, be, and they arehereby required to make a connectionwith said sewer for the use of suchproperty.(2nd) Be it further enacted thatall such connection shall be madeunder the supervision and directionof the Chairman of the ImprovementCommittee.(3rd) That any person failing tomake such connection within thirtydays after passage and publication ofthis ordinance will be guilty of z.misdemeanor and upon convictionwill be fined in any sum not lessthan Ten Dollars nor more thanFifty Dollars, and each day thatsuch failure continues shall be construed a separate offense.(4th) This ordinance shall be inforce and effect from and after itspassage and publication as requiredby law.E. B. JANUARY, Mayor.Attest:J. W. HAYDEN. Clerk.RESOLUTION!THE RESOLUTION' DECLARINGTHE NECESSITY EOB AND PROVIDING FOB -THE CONSTRUCTION OF NEW PAVEMENTS, ONTHE EAST SIDE OF PLEASANTSTBEET, BETWEEN SEVENTHAND EIGHTH STREETS, INPABIS, KENTUCKY, AND ONrTHE SOUTH SIDE OF SEVENTH,EAST OF PLEASANT, IN FBONTOF THE PBOPEBTIES OF MBS.KATE B. MANN AND MBS. HATTIE HILL DUDLEY.City Hall, Paris, Ky., July 11, 1918.BE IT ENACTED BY THE BOARDOF COUNCIL OF THE CITY OFparis; -that:There is a necessity for new concretesidewalks in the City of Paris at thefollowing places, to-wit:(First) On the east side of Pleasant Street, between Seventh andEightli.$treets.(Second) On the south side ofSeventh; east of Pleasant Street, infroMt of, the lots of Mrs. Kate B.Mann and Mrs. Hattie Hill Dudley.(Third) Be It Further Resolved,Tfcat said pavements shall be constructed of the same width and upont ffradee heretofore established-staaff Mold streets.o ", -, E. B. JANUARY, Mayor.Attjt NJ. W. HAYDEN, Cltfk.'rTWEHTt-HVE YEA&S "OH THEROAD."Twenty-five years ago Mr. WalterThomas, of North Middletown, tookcharge of the stage line betweenParis and North Middletown, takingit over from other hands. yThe coming and going of the old stage, horsedrawn, and piloted by Mr. Thomas,was an event of interest even inParis, then a much livelier city thannow.During these twenty-five years,through all their varying stages ofweather, extremes of hot and cold,Mr. Thomas and his faithful teammade the round trip from North Middletown to Paris, taking on passengers and Supplies and never varyingfrom an established schedule. He became as well-known and as welcomeas the mail carrier in an Alaskantown and his courtesy won him a hostof friends.During the long years that haveintervened between the establishmentof the route, or at least the tyentyfive years in which Mr. Thomas hadguided its way, it is estimated thathe has traveled about 156,000 niilesin all, meeting with only such hindarances as snow-blocked roads andother obstacles that caused him buttemporary delay. Lately the oldhorse-drawn stage was mounted onan auto truck, the faithful old horsesretired to green pastures, and Mr.Thomas still continues "on the road"as pilot. The once-familiar neigh ofhis approaching team is now supplanted by the "honk-honk" of theKlaxon horn, telling of the comingof the mail pan.Mr. Thomas' friends helped himcelebrate in a fitting way the anniversary of his twenty-five years offaithful and accommodating serviceto the public. . - -. i- HH- "V,GOVERNMENTAL CONTROL OFTOBACCO BUSINESS PBOBABLEGovernment control of the tobaccoindustry of the United States may result from the heavy requirements ofthe Allies and the American militaryforces abroad. Rationing of theAmerican population is believed to bea possibility.The War Industries Board announced that it has been conductingan investigation to determine therequirements abroad and the amountthat must be conserved in this country to meet the situation. It estimates that approximately two-thirdsof the leaf tobacco raised in thiscountry in 1917 will be available forAmerican manufacturers. Out of thismust come cigarettes and pipe tobacco for troops not yet overseas andexports of manufactured tobacco inaddition to cigarettes and tobaccopurchased here for Belgium.The crop in 1917 was 1,19 6,000,000 pounds and of -this the Board estimates that 850,000,000 pounds willbe available this year for UnitedStates manufacturers, while 300,000,000 pounds of leaf will be available for export to the Allies.isa ?ei mHAIL INSURANCE.Insure your tobacco againsthall with Thomas, Woodford &Bryan. Prompt paying companies. (june25-tf)n m mFORTY THOUSAND MEN NEEDEDAT ONCE FOR NAVY.Forty thousand more men- areneeded at once for the navy, according to the United States Navy Recruiting Station, 412 South Fourthstreet, Louisville. The Naval Appropriation bill just passed by Congressmakes provision for this increase.Kentucky has been asked to furnish2,000 of this number, and it is expected that this quota will be raisedduring the month of July. Nearlyall ratings in the navy are now openfor enlistment with excellent opportunities for both skilled and unskilled men."Furloughs to help with the cropsare being granted boys at the NavalTraining Station at Great Lakes,"said Leut. J. H. Teach, recruitingofficer for Kentucky. "This shouldprove to be of help to farmer boyswho can enlist and go to the GreatLakes, and then get a furlough forfarm purposes. Kentucky has responded well to previous calls, and Ifeel sure we will break all recordsthis time, too."Navy Recruiting Stations are located at Ashland, Covington, Lexington, Owensboro, Paducah andBowling Green, in addition to themain office at Louisville.?& 1 mB-4 PI REInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,Agtsm m$5,000 FIRE AT FRANKFORTThe Thomas K. Robbs undertaking establishment and livery stable,at Frankfort, was destroyed by fire,which is supposed to have beencaused by spontaneous combustionamong damp oats. The loss on thestable is $3,000, while the loss toRobb in equipment and material is$2,000.fe lsa feFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.INJURED BROUGHT HOME.The Paris women, Mrs. Jessie Bannister and Mrs. Nannie Hall, whowere seriously injured some time agom an auto wreck near "Dead Man'sCurve," near Lexington, have beenbrought, to their homes in this city.Since the accident they have been ina Lexington hospital. The improvement in their condition warrantedtheir removal to their homesMrs. Bannister continues in a serious condition, suffering from thenervous shock, with frequent lapsesinto unconsciousness. Mrs. Rail .wuuistj conar Done was brokenimproving.:slowlyv . i ,!. 1 . .--.,-isGREAT LAKES NAVAL BAND MAYAGAIN VISED, PARIS.-, ;. t iii jThere is a probability that a portion of the Great Lakes Naval Training Station Band, which visited Parislast March in the interest of thecampaign for naval recruits, mayagain visit Paris in the near future., The band, which was organized,trained and directed by the notedbandmaster, Lieutenant John PhilipSousa, is coming to Kentucky tostimulate interest in further enlistments of men for navy service. Theband came to Louisville, Sundayfrom St. Louis, where it has beenstationed for the past six weeks, andgave a Concert at Lincoln Park. Itwas announced from the bandstandthat the band would make a visit toseveral Kentucky towns, including alarge number in the central part ofthe State, in an effort to put the Louisville recruiting station way beyondthe St. Louis station in the matterof enlistments. "An effort is beingmade to get 2,000 recruits' from Kentucky during July. About six hundred of the number have alreadybeen obtained.The band, which is known as Detachment No. 16, is headed by PettyOfficer and Bandmaster S. M. Smith,of the U. S. Navy. It is composed ofthirty skilled musicians, personallychosen by Lieut. Sousa for the trip.That the band will visit Paris is saidto be almost a certainty at the present time. Here's hoping.fca ts tePEACHES FOR PRESERVING.we are receiving daily, directfrom Georgia, fine Alberta Peachesfor preserving purposes. If you wantsomething good let us have your order now.MARGOLEN'S SANITARY MEATMARKET. (12-2t)CHIPS FROM THE AXEA cord of hard wood has a fuelvalue equal to two-thirds of a ton ofhard coal.Stumps should be cut as low aspossible to avoid waste and save future trouble.All wood large -enough to be madeinto stove wood should be used. Splitwood small enough so that one mancan load it on a wagon.Pine should be split smaller thanhard wood so that it may dry outquickly. Hardwood burns fairly welleven when green.In cutting original growth forests,utilize old trees which are not fit forlumber.Cut sniall trees of the poorerspecies.Cut all dead, diseased, dead toppedand otherwise inferior material.The wood lot will be the betterI for the removal ,of old trees which!have stopped making growth, and ofscarred trees and stunted growths.Leave trees that are more valuable for lumber, ties or other salableproducts than they are for cord wood.Leave your thrifty trees of thebetter species below ten inches in diameter for the future crop.Pile wood so that air can circulatefreely through the pile.FRIAR ROCK, NOTED STALLION,SOLD BY JONH E. MADDENFriar Rock, the stallion which as athree-year-old won the Brooklyn,Suburban, Belmont and several otherturf classics, with a score of mareswas sold by John E. Madden, of NewYork, to J. H. Rosseter, of San Francisco. It was reported that the pricefor the lot was approvimately $100,00(k Friar Rock was sold to Mr.Madden by Major August Belmontfor $50,000.fe fe feCONSERVE YOUR CAR.The order of the Government cutting down the amount of fuel allowed to producers of passenger automobiles should be suggestive to manypersons who drive passenger carscarelessly. It is time to begin conserving your car. It may have tolast you the rest of the war, and nobody can say when the war will end.A car driven carefully will last agreat deal longer than one which isdriven without regard to the effectof high speed over bad roads andwithout due atttention to greasing,oiling and all adjustments to reducethe effect of wear and tear as far aspossible.Many (motorists test the pressurein their tires regularly, but neglectsmall adjustments. In a time of advancing prices and probable shortageof manufactured articles other thanthose that are necessary to industryit pays to take advantage of everyopportunity to lengthen the life ofthe passenger automobile. If you dosell it if you can buy another whenyou want a new one the attentionyou will have devoted to conservingthe car you have will make it muchmore salable than it would be otherwise. 1 S IfiaVon Capelle piay make the Germanpeople believe the American destroyers have failed, biit when the timearrives for the American soldiers inFrance to go into .action he will havea hard time ; making the Germanny believe it. Little Rock Ga-'.,. " !"... J .41SMITH WHIT PROBATEDfAt Shelby viUe' the" will of the lateAirs. Lillie HaU Smith, Vho oame to"her death by her, own hand somemonths ago, was probated in theCounty Court. Mrs. Smith bequeatheh to her son, Robert Smith, a houseand lot on the south side of Mainstreet, in Shelbyville, and all herproperty, real, personal and otherwise. The Shelby County Bank andTrust Co. was appointed administraton. Mrs. Smith was a former residentof Paris, where as a young girl sheattended the Bourbon Female College, then conducted by Prof, andMrs. A.r Sanders. She made herhome with her grandmother, Mrs.Letton" in the old home at the corner of High and Seventh streets, thesite now bejng occupied by the ParisPublic Library.Id 1 feUNION CHURCH SERVICESJULY AND AUGUST.INArrangements for a series of unionservices of the Protestant churches ofParis, to be held at the evening services each Sunday in the remainderof this month and throughout themonth of August were perfected at ameeting of the ministers of thechurches, held at the Y. M. C. A.The dates of meetings and the ministers who will deliver the sermons ateach are as follows:Rev. R. C. Goldsmith, pastor of theBaptist church, opened the serieswith the sermon at the Methodistchurch, Sunday; Sunday, July 21,Rev. J. J. Rice, pastor of the Presbyterian church, at the Christianchurch Sunday, July 28, Rev. Geo.R. Combs, pastor of the Methodistchurch, at the Baptist church; Sunday, August 4, Rev. R. C. Goldsmith,pastor of the Baptist church, at theMethodist church; Sunday, August11, Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of theChristian church, at the Methodistchurch; Sunday, August 25, Rev.Geo. R. Combs, pastor of the Methodist church, at the Christian church.For SajeFive-passenger Ford, in first-classcondition. Call Cumberland phoneNo. 628, Winchester, Ky.(16-lt)For Sale.v One Chevrolet roadster; good asnew. Call Cumberland phone No.629, Winchester, Ky.(16-lt)LOSTNear the court house yesterday ofternoon, a small black leather pocketbopk containing small amount ofmoney and several trinkets. Finderplease leave at this office.SUMMER SUITSSTRAW HATS AND PANAMASAT SPECIAL PRICES!You men and young men who have not bought yourSummer Suits now have a chance to buy one at much lessthan its regular worth; We've more of this stock than wecare to have, so we're of f ering this special inducement tosell them fast. Pal nrv Beaches, Mohairs, Tropical Worstedsand Crashes are the fabrics found in these suits in latestpatterns and styles. Vou cant afford to miss these values.$8.50 Summer Suitscut to81.00 Summer Suitscut to$18.00 Summer Suits; Cut toStraw Hats at Half PriceYou can afford to get under a Straw Hat at these prices.All new shapes and braids.$2.00 Straw Hatscut to$3.00 Straw Hatscut to.....Panamas and Leghorns at Cut PricesPanamas and Leghorns are included in this sale and theycan be bought at very special prices and much less thanthey are worth.$3.00 Panamas andLeghorns cut to$4.00 Panamas andLeghorns cut to.7th and MainFRANKLADIES'.,CLEARANCESALERemnantsOF ALL KINDS 'pGreat ReductionsSuits, Coats, WaistsFRANK & CO.Itf Af- I $12.50 Summer Suits1 4sv vn$6.95$7.95$12.50 Summer Suitscut to$15.00 Summer Suitscut to$1.00$1.50$4.00 Strawcut to$5.00 Strawcut to$2.25$5.00 Panamas andLeghorns cut to$6.00 Panamas andLeghorns cut to.R. P. WALSHOne-Price Storejm y- J---.&CO.OUTFITTERS-ton$".")$11.95$14.95HatsHats$2.00$2.50$3.95$4.95Paris, Ky.T,AovVV' L . :f'rffrlAUkj&f-" " h,tjffA -ta"&-!?'' .,.- , gs-ie ;Ii'-Vl-vr.JCTP .1TUBSDAY, JULY -Mj ltlS.- - - "--jfryrr-yrwTMEBOUMONwy aAw., -ij- -w.r Af$tVMuHr.IlfS'SS1rrFOR TMr BESTNOTHING ELSENOTICE, JTAX PAYERS.Under the new law, all taxpayers are required to call atour offices in the Court Houseand give in their tax lists. Theoffice of Assessor has been abolished, and the Hew law requiresthat you call at the offices ofthe undersigned Tax Commissioners and transact your business in regard to taxes. Wewill be in our offices every dayuntil further notice for thatpurpose. Call NOW and avoidpenalties for not doing so. Allproperty owners are required tobring a list of their property asof July 1st to the office.WALTER CLARK,Tax Commissioners for BourbonCounty.JNO. J, REDMON, Deputy.(2july-tf)"SOME 'GOOD STUFF "PIED."Just as we were going to presslast night tfye form of page 7 of today's paper was "pied" and had tohe replaced with plate matter. Several advertisements and five columnsof good local news was destroyed andon account of the lateness of thehour we were unahle to resetand correct the damage. If youdo not know what printing: ofiice "pi'is, you should be around when oneof these events happens, and youwould also hear the printer's "devil"say his "prayers" consisting of manynew coined words.NEXT YEAR'S CHAUTAUQUA.The White & Myers ChautauquaSystem will have next year's Chautauqua here. The decision was reached at,a meeting of the promo tors heldafter the concluding number of thelast day of the meeting here lastweek. The program will be an entirely new one, embracing many distinctly novel features.CUT FLOWERS.We have secured the agency ofHonaker, the florist, of Lexington.Place your order for cut flowers withus for funerals, weddings, partiesand for any other occasion where cutflowers are used.(2july-tf) BRUCE HOLLADAY.BASE BALL GAMES FOE BENEFITBED CROSS.North Middletown and Little Rockbaseball teams played a game atMeng's Park, -near North Middletown,Saturday afternoon, in the. presenceof a large crowd of spectators. inegame wag won by the North Middletown team by a score of 12 to 1.The entire proceeds, a nice sum, wereturned over to the Red Cross Society."LET THERE BE LIGHT."Several new arc lights Have beenplaced in position at different locations in the city, transforming darkcorners into brightly-lighted spots.One of the new lamps has been installed on the big pole in front ofthe A. J. Winters Co.'s jewelry store.The -new arc diffuses a brilliant lightover a large area where comparative darkness has hitherto prevailed.HAIL INSURANCE.Insure your tobaccoagainst hail. I represent reliable, promptpaving companies.ROXIE DAVIS.(june4-tf)RED CBOSS APPEAL.The Red Cross Society of BourbonCounty has been asked to make 250pairs of trench foot slippers. Thematerial should be velvet or corduroyor heavy cloth, such as men's clothesare made of. We are asking forgarments made of these (materialsthat you have discarded. Send tothe Red Cross rooms at the courthouse any day but Monday and Saturday. Louisville made 1,000 pairswithout having to buy a yard of material, iMRS. OWEN DAVIS,Chairman of Woman's Work.MAIL INSURANCE.Insure your tobaccoagainst hail. We represent reliable,prompt paying companies, .YERKES & PEED.3ly9 3t)Ka laLIVE TURTLE IN SUCTION STOPSWATER SERVICE.Numerous stories have been told ofcrawfish stopping trains, dead owlson oloofnV lifrht wlrps CllttinSf Offthe current, etc., but it remained fora live turtle to cut off the waterservice of the Paris Water Conipanyfor a short time yesterday morning.A live turtle in some way becameentangled in some rusted wires of thebig suction pipe at the pumpingPlant at the foot of Scottf avenue, preventing the pumps from operating.As a result the supply of water wascut off to consumers for a shortwhile. The turtle was soon removedand the service -quickly restored.The cessation of the service causeda great deal W peculation for awhile, Vut i-wUfeh its reetoration Wwent well' agate. .SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Costings' and "Goings of OurPeople Here, There and:'. Elsewhere.Miss Sophia Clifford is visitingrelatives at Plemingshurg-.Mrs. G. W. Clifford has returnedfrom a visit to relatives at Flemingsburg, ftMiss Clennie Lusby is at LakeChautauqua, New York, for an extended stay."Misses Hattie and ElizabethBrockaway, of Mt. Sterling, are visiting relatives in Paris.Mrs. A. J. Winters and Miss RayWinders left yesterday for a month'svisit! to relatives atad friends in Eminence. . ,-Mrs. Jasper Hughes has returned to his home in Anderson, Indiana,after a visit to relatives near Jacksonville Mr. Isaac Willmot, of Hutchison,where his family preceded him someleft Sunday for Roswell, New Mexico,weeks ago.Miss Sydney JBryan, Frankfort,is a guest of her grandparents, Mr.and Mrs. John J. Redmon, near NorthMiddletown.Miss Katherine Marsh has returned from a visit to Mrs. W. H. D.Wheat,. at" hei home in Briercliff,near Covington.: Mr. J. L. Denton, of Paris, isin Sumter, N. C, where he will remain several weeks, buying tobaccoon the loose leaf markets.Mrs. John Hinkson and daughter, Miss Ruth Hinkson, have returned to their home after a visit to MissHinkson's mother, Mrs. Grass, in Indiana. Mr. Buckner Woodford, cashierof the Bourbon-Agricultural Bankand Trust Company, has returnedfrom a visit to Covington and Cincinnati. Mr. Sherman Stivers, local agentand correspondent of the LexingtonHerald, is able to be out after anillness of several days, due to a severe cold.Mrs. Roy F. Clendenin anddaughter, Miss Louise Clendenin, returned Sunday from Louisville, wherethey had bsen guests for several daysof Mr. and Mrs. B. T. Proctor.The little son of Mrs. JohnReading, who has been very ill oftyphoid fever for some time at thehome of Mr. and Mrs. Newton Mitchell on Duncan avenue, is convalescing. A large number of Paris peopleattended the Millersburg Chautauqua, Saturday night, to hear Dr. E.E. Violett's address on "AmericanIdeals." Many who had never heardDr. Violett before pronounced his address one of the nost eloquent tjheyhad ever heard.Mr. and Mrs. Edwin C. Rice havereturned to their home in Fulton,Ky., after a visit to Mr. and Mrs. H.S. Caywood and family, near NorthMiddletown. Mr. Rice is a son of thelate Mr. Charles Rice, and a grandson of the late Mr. R. M. Rice, bdthresidents of North Middletown formany years.Frank Douglas Walker, son of,Mr. and Mrs. Frank P. Walker, is seriously ill of uraemic poisoning atthe home of his parents, at the cornerof Main and Twelfth streets. YoungWalker has just recovered from anattack of scarlet fever, when he wasseized with his present illness. Atrained nurse from Lexington is inattendance.Mr. Ike Cooper, of San Francisco,Cali., formerly of Clintonville andParis, is visiting his sister, Mrs. Varden Shipp, and Mr. Shipp, in Clintonville. Mr. Cooper is well remembered here by the "fans" of formerdays as pitcher for the Paris Clubmany years ago. He was with theSan Francisco team in the PacificCoast League several years.Mr. A. M. Corrigan, of the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland, O.,was in Paris, Saturday, as a representative of the Central Liberty LoanCommittee. Mr. Corrigan was working up interest in the Fourth LibertyLoan, which will be launched in October. He is a man of pleasing address and affable manners, and madequite a favorable impression' on allwho met him here.' Prof. T. A. Hendricks, formerlySuperintendent of the Paris CitySchools, and now President of Hamilton College, at Lexington, was inParis yesterday. Prof. Hendricks wasin consultation with members of theCity Board of Education with regardto the coming publication of the 1918edition of the High School catalogue,which will be issued from THENEWS job rooms.(Otter Personals on Page 3.)m m mMARGOLEN'S SPECIAIS FOR THISWEEK READ 'EM OVER.Pure hog lard in 25 pound cans at27 cents per pound. Special for this;week only. 'Pic-nic sugar-cured nams at jcents per pound, for this week only.This is your chance to buy the bestat a great saving. Take advantageof these specials NOW, as they willbe higher next week.MARGOLEN'S SANITARY MEATMARKET. (16-2t)TQi ism ESSOME VARYING WEATHERParis people, or at least, some ofthem, have been, asking themselvesthis question-: "Is this a mild winter or just a cool summer?"The question is one that has recurred to many of. us in view of thepresistent cool weather which hasbeen or is now prevailing in thissection of the State. Amateur meteorologists have exhausted their vocabiferies in trying to fix the status ofthe "winter" which has been the portion of Paris this Veek and last.Some say that it is "watermelonwinter," while others are more insistent that it be designated by thera romantic title of "harvest, winter " At any rate the temperatures,which have prevailed during.the timementioned liave been far below thenormal for this season. -COMlNa.ATTRACTIOHS AT PARISGRAND AND ALAMO ,To-day, Tuesday, July 16 William Fox's million-dollar filmplay, "A'Daughter of the-Gods," featuringAnnette Kellerman. Three showsat the "Alamo (for children) in themorning; at the Alapio in the afternoon; at the Grand Opera House atnight; sixteenth episode of "TheHouse of Hate," featuring AntonioMoreno and Pearl White." To-morrow, Wednesday, July 17.A prime Paris favorite, Vivian Martin, in "Viviette;" also a Luke comedy and Pathe News feature.Thursday, July 18 Norma Talmadge, in "By Right of Purchase;"also Mutt and Jeff Comedy, "The LifeSavers" and Pathe News feature.jgj jm mFORESIGHT FOR YOUR BENEFIT'We recently had a letter from oneof the largest woolen firms in NewYork, saying that they had in stock$150,000 worth of foreign and domestic woolens advising us to purchase right now for the spring season of 1919, our whole season's supply for that year.We realized the coming scarcity ofdesirable'jmerchandise and accordingly -bought heavily, in order, to insure our customers the same highgrade of woolens, that we have beenable to maintain heretofore in ourMerchant Tailoring Department.To you, who have not already purchased your spring and summerclothes for this season, and to youwho would be certain of having adesirable spring and summer suit in1919, we urge you to come in atonce and make your selection at present prices, as we can assure you thatthe clothing for the next spring season will be no cheaper, the possibility being that desirable woolens cannot be procured at any price, andthose procurable at all will be pricedat much higher than present prices.J. W. DAVIS & CO.j p fejYARN FOR KNITTING.A large supply of yarn for knittingsocks and sweaters for soldiers andsailors has been received here, andplaced in charge of Miss RanahOwens. The yarn is now ready fordistribution. Anyone desiring a supply can obtain same by calling onMiss Owens, at her residence, 1,200South Main street.21 T51 1DON'T WRITE ON BOTH SIDES OFPAPER.When preparing communicationsfor THE NEWS (or any other paper)do not write on both sides of the paper. It is a source of great annoyance and inconvenience and besidesthe valuable part of a communicationmay be overlooked when it is writtenon the opposite side of a sheet ofpaper. Please observe" this rule,which obtains in ALL newspaperoffices.PEACHES FOR PRESERVINGBetter get your peaches for preserving now if you want any. ,Wehave them fresh every day.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.?s fe laNEW MAIL CLERK.Mr. James M. Allen, of near North.Middletown, has accepted a positionas postal clerk in the railway mailservice, on the L. & N. His run willbe between Cincinnati and Knoxv411e.LATESTR, SPLAYERROLLS. - iJHltW &Keep the Home Fires Burning. There's a Long, Long Trail.Over There.They're All Out of Step But.God Be With Our Boys.Are You From Heaven?My American Rose.Undertaker Blues.Daugherty Bros.Fifth and Main.Kodaks VictrolasPlayer PiaiosQ.NOWGinghamsi.30c quality, per yard 24c35c quality, per yard 29c40c quality, per yard 32c50c quality, per yard.-. 38c59c quality, per yard 48c1 Lot of Ladies'LinenHandkerchiefs3 for 10cI SILK HOSESOc values atONE LOT OFLadies' 25c Vestsat1 All goods sold forHARRY SIMON:'THE EASIEST AND BEST WAYTo Keep Your Home Fresh and CleanIs to Use ABISSBLL CARPMTOR1VACUUM SWEEPEREVERY DAY,'"'JSee those in our window.and we know that BISSELLSTHEJ.THINTONCO,EITMERPt10NE"MOTOR HEARSEsiGOING ON!Wash Rags3ceachHope Cotton24cper yardBELDING SILK THREAD, 100 yards to spool9c eachor 3 for 25cPERCALEper yardBRASSIERES50c values at . .. 39c$1.00 values at 79ccash. Nothing onreturned or exchanged.MAIN STREET, PARIS, KY."QintQuttheOld;,ininthQNsw"3MOTOR INVALID. COACHWhite Goods20c quality at. .'i 1 6c25c quality at 21c35c quality at . .28c45c quality at 37 1 -2c59c quality at. 48c -75c quality at 59c$lfc00- quality at 79c1 Lot of Ladies'Handkerchiefseachapproval, to be1You knoware the best.SIXTH AND. MAIN ST?j-iUNDERTAKING:I.-V?hlnm.il-Imiic1,1:lv.--'" r.Yin MXMEAT-.The July Farm and Fireside says:"The increased price and the shortrage of .certain foodstuffs are causingthe housewife to pair. more, attentionto the selectidtt and utilization offoods in. the-home. One "food whichis coming to he appreciated as acheap meat substitute is cottagecheese. This "is one of the cheapestsources of protein that we canlfindand it is generally made as a by-productof the farm or dairy, either asa means of disposing of sour milk ora surplus of skimmed milk:"Many people are of the opinionthat when milk sours it is worthlessas' a food. The housewife may useit in cooking in cases where sourmilk is called for, but more generally it is thrown away. On the farmthe sour milk is fed to hogs or chickens, and is a valuable food for theseanimals; but sour whole milk or sourskimmed pilk could be more profitably disposed of in the form of cottage cheese, and thereby furnish apalatable, wholesome substitute formeat that could be used by all. Ofcourse, not all of the sour milk canhe used as cottage cheese, but itshould be more commonly used thanat the -present time."EXPEESS EMPLOYES TO RECEIVEMOKE- PAY.' Announcement that express company employes throughout the country will receive an increase in wagesdating from July 1 was made in NewYork by George C. Taylor, presidentof the American Hailway ExpressCompany, which on July 1 took overthe express business on all the railToads of the United States.lES ISKentucky has increased the daily"wages of her prison convicts, butthere doesn't seem to be any overwhelming rush for the jobs.MARGOLEN'SAll FruitsVegetableand Meatsare kept inside our-store inseparate refrigerators everything screened and freefrom dust and flies., Buy where edibles are;' kept in a sanitary manner. Our service isprompt.MARGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketWHEN YOU BUYBREEZEYOU WANT YOURMONEY'S WORTH !Cheap breeze is more11 important rto you than cheap fans; because the fans are paid for once,the breeze continually.UlestiitdbOMse Tatt$have proved their ability to givetne moit breeze tor the least expepwiture, and for this reasonare'pocHiey savers.Paris Gas & Electric Co.- -, rft-'' . . .. -fish-J"-."! V" -"IIHtfE BF VICTORYItalian Invents? Canned LightningCapable, of DestroyingTrenches of Enemy.TERRIBLE ENGINE OF DEATHClaimed Invention Could End War InThirty Days and Allies Could MarchUnchallenged Into Berlin,.Tests Prove. Its: Value.,Home. The kaiser's ""dream of victory and world supremacy may beblasted out by ''canned lightning," aterrible death engine Invented by anItalian scientist Dazzling, swords offire; more deadly than are highest explosives, followed by annihilating explosions, are capable of destroying enemy trenches with one blinding flash,according to his claims. Mine sweepers equipped with this device couldfire mines thousands of yards distant.On the land, "canned lightning'-' couldbe used to form a most successful barrage and could wipe out the" defendersof German trenches with .unerring certainty. The scientist Is credited with having discovered a means of concentrating and reflecting electric rays in sucha manner as to produce the results described. It is reported that this InventoY'haB proved to Representativesof his government that electric" current c&p. be concentrated and directedhTray&feTests Held on Banks of Tiber.In describing the results of thesetests, held on the banks of thehistoric Tiber, P. H. Randall, writingin the Illustrated World, says that thescientist was asked to burn througha three-Inch plank of hardwood. Inan Instant, the writer says, the plankwas seared and broken as If it hadbeen broken by lightning.Officials then asked the scientist toexplode two bombs, one hidden alongthe bank of the river and the other Inthe bed of the stream. Within tenminutes the bomb along the bank exploded. It required a much longertime to explode the other bomb, butthis, too, was finally accomplished.The entire outfit used by the inventorwas placed on a single small barge.An approximate Idea of the powerof the arcing electricity may be obtalned by watching an electric furnaceat work. It will cut the hardest steellike putty. To flash such a flamethrough an aeroplane, submarine, battleship or a trench would leave a total wreck. Mines placed in the Northsea by the Germans could be eliminated, and mine sweepers could destroy all of these hidden terrors of thesea located within thousands of yardsof the ship.Death to Airplanes.In a graphic description, Mr. Randall paints a picture of what wouldhappen with this machine In action.Every enemy airplane or any fleet ofthem would fall to earth, a crumpledwreck. At the touch of a button, abolt of electricity would suddenlyshoot forward with Incredible speed.A few scarred parts would be all thatwas left of what had been a soaringairplane, a few minutes before.A scout could lurk with his deadlyweapons, connected with tfie generators and concentrators behind thelines, In shell holes or craters In "noman's land." When the enemycharged he could sweep the whole lineas it passed, annihilating each successive wave of advancing Germans,Mr. Randall says that he can't saythat this has been done or will bedone, but he don't dare to suggest thatIt cannot be accomplished. Light,heat and rays of other kind can bereflected. Bfe concludes by saying:"Once this problem Is solved therewill be no war. If the allies were possessed of equipment that would permitthe arcing at a distance of powerfulelectric currents, the war would bewon In 30 days arid allied troops wouldbe marching unchallenged Into Berlin." TAX1CAB DRIVERS KNITBUT THEY ARE WOMENCleveland, O. One of theleast surprising thing to -beseen on the streets of Clevelandnow is a taxicab driver calmlysitting in a taxi at its stand,purling and dropping, while soxand sweaters develop beforeyour eyes. But the drivers "aregirls, for Cleveland is rapidlygetting a large pronortlon of ItsX day drivers from the other sex.6-o-o-o-:o-o-x-o-o-o-o-o-a"NO CHILDREN"' RULE BANNEDLandlords In Seattle Are Appealed toto Remove. Sins From TheirBuildings.Seattle Wash. "No .., Children Allowed" signs must be removed by Seattle landlords from their properties,according to J. W. Spangler, vice president of the Seattle chamber, of- commerce. He t has Issued an appeal torooming house proprietors, hotel 'men-and owners of rental properties, declaring that owing to the scarcity ofquarters, for, shipyard- workers andi i. 5?Tf 7 Z r s,ltu"there engaged in war work 'the situBLASTSMISER'STHE BOUOT0N NEWS, PARI5, JSX;.. . . i!S!!apiir?prGtttSMAmerican, Telephone Operatprsf Ndvvi Serving Jn Francei rHundred Who Were, Sent Qver giving Such .Efflctenty Service. Mors!Will Be Sent - '' WashingtoniT-Tothe lOa-girls; fromAmerica now. doings serviceas militarytelephone operators In France, 150more In training schools here maysponbe added, leaving a reserve forcer of400 more on file out of about 8,000 applications. The telephone is referred to as the J"nerves of the firmyi" and the youngwomen who have been accepted forthis work have undergone tests as severe as those to which a soldier at thefront Is subjected.The telephone exchanges often areonly a short distance behind thetrenches, and the 'operator must-possessboth courage .and calmness, underdangerous circumstances.1 "These girls," said Capt: B. J. Wesson, who recruited the unit, are goingto astound the people over there bytheir efficiency. In Paris 1 1 takes .from40 to 60 seconds to complete one call.Our girls are equipped to handle 300calls an hour.""Other reports that have reached thewar department from. France, showthat the American hello girl Is makinggood rapidly In a task as difficult as Isto be found back of the front linetrenches. ""-The first group of operators enteredtraining school here on January 12for instruction In advanced telephony.They received practice in the largestNew York exchanges and were thentried out at military cantonments. Thecourse included talks upon personalhygTene. &3Sr- -The first contingent sailed on March2. Other groups sailed in March andApril and were stationed at supply depots and debarkatf onbases. " -In addition to speaking both Frenchand English fluently, every one ofthese girls has stood a loyalty testwhich proved that she could be trustedwith military Information.The uniform prescribed consists ofa coat and skirt of navy blue serge,shirtwaist of navy blue Palm Beachcloth and straight-brimmed hat of bluefelt, while the regulation orange andwhite cord on the left sleeve Is used todesignate their rank, as operator, supervisor, chief operator and so on.BROTHERS IN ARMSGIHBfwtK'ffi f rSfcaSJfKIBxV 3P3Hr'9f 'SfcSH&gkaKnsSSaViaVDMBBBHGCTaaBffiwffi:fF'3P,mS"T5SiHffcHlKSn fr3&g&': ---KW-! SB K3 flESv.Every wearer of khaki who Is nowwith the American expeditionaryforces in France has been taken intothe hearts of the French families andour sons are as their sons. There isno bond like that which arises fromfighting In a common cause for highideals."WAR BRIDES" DUPE SOLDIERSWemen Fortune Hunters Arrested forHaving More Husbands ThanLaw Allows.San Diego, Cal. Almost since theUnited States entered the war soldiershave been victims of women fortunehunters. Girls at various camps arebeing arrested charged with having anover quota of soldier husbands, andIn every case the question of Insurance was the motive.This city has been no exception tothe rule, and with the thousands ofsoldiers and sailors in training at thecamps near by federal officials arealways on the alert, and as a resulttwo girls are under arrest. They gavetheir names as Miss Mae Smith andMrs. Elsie Byrnes, and both "arepretty. They were caught in the actof mailing about 20 letters to sailorsand soldiers asking for money forclothes and traveling expenses. Inevery letter written by the girls wasthe phrase: "I wish you oceans oflove with a kiss on the top of everywave." The girls also received 18letters from ardent lovers and eachletter contained money.Fine Cotton Crop.New Orleans, La. Reports frdmpractically every section of the Southindicate the yield of 'cotton will- beheavy this season. The staple sellimYat around au cents a pound in theseeding season stimulated plahtirisr.notwithstanding the fact that in manylocalities--pjeawaliPanting of more food nd teed cto&.,,i.r;v3?ikGERMANS KINDLYFrench Generous to Prisoners Despite Brutal Course: of. Enemy. . -vARE GLAD TO BE OUT OF ITSight, of Longv American Columns Destroys - Hun Hopes -of Victory Llva'Like Happy Family In'Prlaon Camp. "'With the American. Forces lnFrance.France; knows that her prisoners, inGermany-are treated badly, but German prisoners are treated humanelyand even generously in French prisons just the same, writes Don MartinIn the New York. Herald. I askedan officer in charge of a French prisoncamp why this is, and he shruggedhis shoulders and said merely:"Ah !"Unless one could see the gestureaccompanying the monosyllable hewould hardly know what meaning toattach to It. It really meant :"Oh, what's, the use of being, brutal to Individuals just because someone else Is? We wish we could, butwe can't."I have inspected several prisons,some large and some small, and inevery one I have found the Germanstreated quite as. well as dvfl prlsoqersin normal times ana1 liiTmanylnstancesbetter. Officers are not humiliated Inany way. In fact they receive bettertreatment, a "stranger would think,than tyarejreallyentltied to. SB'""" Prisoners tf ve" TH&ptfyT 1' On a low hill about 1,000 feet fromft main road of Franc stands a prisonfive low wooden builbUrigss5frounded by two barbed wire fences, witharmed pickets always patrolling outside. Here are 200 Germans, many of1 them prisoners taken in the early battle of the Somme, but some takenmore recently. They are all privatesand constitute as happy a family asone could find where personal libertyis the one thing desired and denied.The Germans stood at their barbedfences hours at a time and watchedthe endless line of soldiers. When Itwas the blue of France that was moving past the Germans were not particularly Interested: They had seen thatfor years. They know France alwayshas had an endless line of everythingneeded for war. But when tbeysawthe khaki of Am erica, filing or rollingy' for a whole day and.theiL.for another, and heard the muddy shuffle offeet through the night, there, was achange In the dull expression of. thoseGerman eyes. It was at this time thatI went to the prison to learn what theythought of what they had seen. FirstIt should be stated that these prisonersj see little of recent developments In1 the war. They must form their opin1 Ions from fuch fragments of conversation as they hear from their keepersand from what' they see, as, for instance, from the long, long line ofAmericans, the first they had seen.In this particular prison the newcomers had brought the news situationup to early spring, but as for the bigoffensive the prisoners knew only thatthere probably would be one.Americans Surprise Germans.When I asked if there was a Germanamong the two hundred who couldspeak English, a good looking youngman, with a typical Teutonic mustache,red cheeks, a glow of health, was. called out. He stepped into my presencelike an automaton clicked his .heels together and saluted the French captain.He told me he was a private ; that hehas a home in Lucerne, Switzerland;that he fought eight months, but wasnever wounded ; that he is in the wholesale dry goods business In Berlin, andthat he does business with John Wanamaker, Marshall Field and SternBrothers."What do you think of all the Americans you have seen pasr'ng here recently?" I asked him."I have seen many Americans," hesaid. "I was surprised that you haveso many in France."Another prisoner, less prepossessingin appearance than the first, was askedabchit things in general. He spoke JEnglish poorly."I live In Berlin and work in a bank,but was in the war for two years.When the war is over I am going toSwitzerland to live. I would go toAmerica, but they don't like Germansover there any more.""Why are you going to leave Germany?" For an answer there was a shrug ofshoulders and a half scowl, half smile."Are you satisfied herre?""It's a lot better! than, being In agrave where a lot of them are."KEEPSAKE GOES FOR BONDSOklahoma Man Glvea Up Gold PieceHe Has Carried for Thirty.Seven Years.Tulsa, Okla. "I have carried, thisjgold piece with me for thirty-sevenyears, and I have resisted hunger and'temptation to spend it, and have al-'ways kept it, as a treasure. However,i, Uncle Sam needs it now, and I willingiy let-it go so it wAL'helptO'Tbring. victory to the1 American arms.?! - v This was thjBrttatapenti;dt',W. H.this eltyas he deposited a$10 gold piece: at the post .p-Oe.vwia-oow ana asaea ior some oaavMEMWW II I LI- ."b , 1 1 -j -f-nfaBBNlii- E.WissS- V-M------------------B-----------------------------R'4 -----------------------------PEPffiBpivOl "M1 1 n HHhHP? E?P" ' rVJ--BH' wtBttUfr' ?MBfmfBMIJk , ;Hlbr ?BnUYi fiBI . vvVj X ' f i . 34-iBiWcWsMM-BisaR .Jibv t ft r:--BBHli'trauma WIND- SAPrSELF -IRO-RCHuiinr itunroMADC UNDERSpecialI I I I I V I I I'll M I--.-I' l- '.' - k-A mOn Porch Shades and AllSummer GoodsNEW ICEBERG REFRIGERATORSSAVE ICEJust a few left at a big savins in price.NEWPROCESSSAVE GASLet us put one up for you.NEW PROCESS OIL STOVES AT ASPECIAL PRICEduring the hot days. Let us show youhow much you can save on each thingyou buy.A. F. Wheeler Furniture Co.Chas. Green, Manager Opposite Court HouseJhe!Pencileto7iSiop135 EAST MAIN ST., OPP. PHOJ2NTX HOTELLEXINGTON, KENTUCKYWe Extend a Cordial Invitationto Visit Our New Store,and Solicit YourPatronageGOWNSSUITSFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, KA MAN AND HIS WIFELEVY, THE. DRfY GLEANERCumberland Phone 40 ' ' ., JHfriin Pin ne If A ?TUESDAY, JULY It, ltltVHANGINGSHADJESDirrur a urr - ,'-MrPATENT LICENSE -11GASSTOVES"1 'j .v t ;iHATSin1. .. -jKf-mW. DAVISv' may both derive satisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledge$that you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.I A phone brings us.AJxK101!"ttTBSBAY, JULY 1, HIS.the 3otrtaoif hews,vpabis, E-ffrcrid Rrrpin"rw z "( v -ri2jtwrr"' "vsKsaeisrr,i)r"'"""WtjiwaVi -??T "vaxs yvV- - r&'&16&C ' .-J.'- itv .. - . t,&&KERRY WIDOW' 10 DIEFrench Woman Found Guilty byCourt-Martial.SEA RISK FORSTICK WITH OFFIGtRwry .mm(EIGHTS4 ,W00U6WBJTAT3PLAY-GIRLWESTERN FRONTWonderful Part Piayed by Elsie;Janis in Keeping Up Moraleof Troops.ThisFrench Poilu IsFire-Eater.RegularParis ProtestrAgainst rMftott ifArt .Treasures. -Men Carry Dead Lieutenant MilesDuring Fight.:8o!d Military teerete fa-the GermanIn Lettera to HtrChildren.iParis, France. Brief announcement.fees just been made that a Parte court'martial' has condemned to death asa spy Mme. M , thirty-seven yearsold. Her son, Noel, sixteen years old,who was accused of being her accom'plice, was ordered to a penitentiary-colony until he comes of age. Thecourt believed he was too young to beheld responsible for his acts.As the base vas not heard in publiconly a fewdetalls have become known,such as that Mme. Ms husband wassilled at the front In March, 1916, andthat the wife soon started a life thatearned "her, In the circles she frequented, the name of "The Merry Widow."She soon ran through the money sheinherited, and, to obtain more, communicated with a Greek living In Spain,,an agent of the spy bureau establishedIn Barcelona by the Germans.When mother and son were arrested,the boy was just about to engage inthe aviation service in order to obtainInformation to be supplied to Germany.A writer In the Paris Midi identifiesthe Greek as the head of German propaganda in Spain and director in particular of the service for arranging explosions in factories. He was a regular visitor to the girls school at Bareelona, where he went to see threelittle girls whose -guardian he wassupposed to be. One of the youngestabout eleven years old, handed overto him, on -each visit, several letters,"which he carried away.These three little girls were French,being the daughters of Mme. M. TheMerry Widow" used to pass on anyinformation that she obtained to her-son, who wrote it to his young sister,placing it In the middle of his letters,which were never really examined,when It was seen that they were letters from a brother to a little sisterat school.SETTING A "BEAD" ON A HUN1 This machine gun operator is caret 'fully aiming a Lewis gun at a raiding, Gotbfl. It takes a dead shot to bring;?down one of the birds when it fliesktgh.jtta&aftsftsftafteftsfte&e'ftafteftsftuuu c mjTR tucpc uc-GETSDIPLOMA OVER HEREKnoxville, Tenn. AlthoughClay Barber, knoxville lad, Is"over there," a formal presentation of a diploma to him as theonly boy graduate of the CarterHigh school occurred here. Patrons attending the school's exercises beheld the seat of theonly boy graduate draped withOld Glory.ftefceeai!rerei!!ri3re6eaeaei!rejOLD RAILWAY IS DISMANTLEDRails Once Used for Carrying Freightin Mine District are Soldfor Junk.Bedding, Cal. -The railroad fromOuargoon the Southern Pacific to the, Quartz Hill mine on the east side ofthe' river,, near the Old Digglns, four1 and one-half miles long, has been saidas old junk by the Mammoth- CopperCompany of Kennett which built -it In1907 at a 'cost of $200,000 The minewasshur down In 1913, "for 'then' thellaaiiaota Copper companyJwas able'ttf&etthefdlngore at-abetter profit"elsewhere The bridge across the river,5 Kt&oV iteel, U 700 feet long.The wrecking company bought the.railroad -steel, tierbnkers, tfestles'J and bridge. Acetylene gas will be usedW .Uk UUWU LUC BLCCL LUHJSCbThe railroad was in' active servicefor seven years. Thfr Mammoth company took 70,000 tons of ore from thQuartz Hill mine In a single year am' BV-de use of 300,000 tons 'of ore in all ,' The. Quartz Bill mine a great norof low grade quartz, if owndroppny crnpQpted4)f..PoliRluPrlli.Clcitge.sBp'ofWrs11 tv -Arc-stockholder. 'I i - i .1 qBLi?x.k9k.HilRRB HRRRRRRRRRJ1 fcRjpwv B Bi2gIIRRRlK?vK2HiKi!iiHrrrV;XL-CS1 JHHrrHRRRRRRRm ? S?XECHI frM-VKRVSiRRBB&& Photo WfwssiaSSa.ARMY S SMALLInfinite Care and Secrecy AttendTransport of Troops toFrance.MOST TRVSARE UNEVENTFULElements of Danger Are Anticipatedand Reduced to Minimum No Unl-form on Deck Seen When 8hlpLeaves Harbor.London. No greater care and secrecy could attend the shipment ofroyal "Jewels than is observed In shipping American troops to Prance. Tosafeguard his boys Uncle1 Sam takesevery possible' precaution, from thetime they embark until the transporthas' reached Its destination. He leavesno loophole for the machinations ofenemy agents.Usually, as a result of this elaborateprotective system, the trip from "AnAtlantic port" to the French or English port, as the case may be, is remarkably uneventful. All elements ofdanger have been so carefully anticipated that the risk is reduced to thelowest minimum.Until the troops and civilian passengers have reached the pier they' donot know the name of their ship. It isonly a number to them. On the regular troopships it is- difficult' for a civilian, unless he Is engaged in warwork, to secure a passage. Those whomanage to do so are subjected to closescrutiny, and their credentials and luggage are thoroughly examined.Embarkation Begins Early.Embarkation often begins - severaldays before the transport sails. Allgood-bys have been said before thetroops start for the ship. No relativeor friend may accompany them to thepier. This rule applies' to the officersas well as to the men."Once-aboard, therethey remain, hoshore communication being permitted.This regulation imposes no hardshipother than inactivity. Until all troopshave been assigned to quarters and' organisation has' been effected, the menare left pretty much to their own devices. No restriction ls placed on writing,and bags arelcept open for soldiers'mall up to. almost the hour of' sailing.This privilege gives many a chance toget off neglected letters and postcards,although these, as a matter of precaution, are not put Into the malls untilthe-shlp-has- passed-through the submarine zone.The- troops also take advantage ofan arrangement devised by the government for the sending of "safe-arrivalniessages. Telegrams or postcards advising family and friends thatthe writer had made the trip in safetymay be prepared in advance and leftin charge of the authorities at the portof sailing. As soon as ,word Is received by cable of the ship's arrivalon the other side, the telegrams andcards are released to the wires andmails. Not only Is much time savedby this plan, but the soldiers arespared the high cost pf cabling fromEurope. NWith the exception of the ship's executives and the officers in militarycommand, no one aboard knows thehour fixed for sailing, and this becomes a favorite topic for speculationamong the men. But finally the lastsoldier, has come up the- gang plankand the last piece of freight ,has beenstowed away. A, busy little tug appears alongside and begins tonose thevessel like a terrier investigating agreyhound.Soldiers Ordered Below.Suddenly there is a blast from theship's whistle, 'and then are enacteda few details of- the familiar scenewhich before the war was witnessedwhenever a transatlantic liner left itspier. The comparison, however, isextremely limited. The call of "Allashore that are going ashore" affectsonly a few stevedores and perhaps anofficial or two, who move leisurely off.What excitement there Is Is confinedto those on the ship. There is none onthe pier for the reason -that it is nowempty and its great doors are closed.Only a blank wall looms there.On deck the movement, instead ofbeing toward the transport's rails, isaway f rbm them. Orders have been given for the troops to go -to their1 quarters, so that when the ship-ifr leavingAarbornomalform ybe visible tpany prying eyes on shore.Slowly the big vessel f4s coaxed bythe tug into the stream," and majestically - she rgets -under way. A few - civilian-Dasseneers. tothe'envy of offi-cers'aad men; hang over the rails andwatch, 'the" city's skjirae'fade away.j Soon, the port isv-only a blur, in aveil of mist. It is safe now for thetroops-to appear. -Taey wish out 'ondeck, .boyishly eagerTor" the' sight-strange to many of. the .open sea. Aglance' to cast toward: rthe vague linebtf the 'horizon -that ;is hbme. 'Thenawtum-1 aad:-ttierfonrardInto'Mthemystery of the unknown, toward thegCene 0f the great adventure overthere.Like Hotel; Buys ItTTillnhoro. Ore. William McCfttillanmrpd the Tualatin hotel here. He'd!boardtdJtiiere for twenty years'.i'So1when;, the proprietors decided to go outof business McQullsan boniht the hoteltfetra aa4 tajoy ftbc cub. .,Striking Example of Devotion of Soldiers of French Army toSuperiors.With the French Armies. One of themost striking examples of the men'sdevotion to their officers in the recordsof the French army has Just becomeknown, although it occurred on May 28.Among the units of French Africanfighters are several battalions of "Joysuil" youths whose records before entering military service were besmirched and who are now given a chance toredeem themselves on the battlefield.During a recent action the "Joysull" fought with remarkable ardor.Their motto Is "death is necessary."Assailed by overwhelming numbers,one battalion fought hand to hand withthe enemy until forced to retreat toconform their line with the units onthe. left.It was here on May 28 that a groupof"Joysull" saw their' lieutenant fallIn a ravine. .Four of them refused toretreat' and fought off the enemy withgrenades untHone of them could shoulder the dead man. With the body ontheir shoulders the four retreated twenty-kilometersduring the -night of the28th though the dead weight was agonizing. Weary and fatigued with lackof sleep, they tenderly carried theirofficer until they found time in themorning to bury him.CHAMP CLARK'S GRANDSONMrs. James Thomson of New Orleans, formerly Miss Genevieve Clark,daughter of the speaker of the house.and her baby, Champ Clark Thomson.1She and the baby are spending thesummer in and near Washington.TAKE SAVINGS OF LIFETIMESailor and Wife Did Not Know TheyCould Not Take Gold Out ofCountry. sSan Francisco. The savings of alifetime of a sailor and his wife havebeen seized by federal officials becausethe couple did not know of PresidentWilson's order forbidding the taking ofgold out of the country.Because Mrs. Rlcardo Roderlguezfeared banks, 'she persuaded her husband to carry their entire fortune,$1,855, with him on a trip to CentralAmerica. The officers' found it andtook possession. Because of the nature of the case permission is to beasked of Secretary McAdoo to returnthe money.DIDNT KNOW ABOUT THE WARMiner Comes In With $65,000 Stake,Invests It in Bonds and GoesBack to Work.Reno, Nev. For five years CharlesMcNesle has been working a placerclaim In the1 mountains of the PowderRiver country in Oregon, happily unconscious of the fact that virtuallythe entire world was at war. McNeslecame out of his mountain retreat with$65,000 in gold. On learning the kajserhad made the universe his enemy theprospector attempted to enlist. -Hewas' too old. He then Invested the $65i000 poke in Thrift stamps and LibertyWdsT'drdered a grulT stake"hd returned to the hills.f if f if ,, f ,, 4, ,, ,f , f, ,, ,, , T, ,, ,, ,, ,, ,, ,, ,UNFEELING SERGEANT fGETS HEAVYcSENTENCEhow .the United States. protectsher private 'soldiers; William L. ITaylor, an enlisted man at CampPike, was ill -and sent word tdjhis sergeant, -George W. Beub fling. "I don't care, let him die.,L ?said Reubllng. Beubllng was!tried by court-martial, convicted!T sentenced'to five vears in mill.X o- --i m ...r .x Mix pricMju,xorieits an pay ana tT allowances and Is dishonorably?jr aiscnargeti from the army. ' $,1' 'I'frfr'M',!'!' i'l'I'1'1'Boy Named "Liberty Bond."Mouadsville, W. Va. A male clild,borrillotMrt.and UrsTAIexSIelaie.iiaabeen earned "Liberty Bond SlehW'BBBflf8BDSBride Taken Prisoner and Horribly: Abueed by Hunt, Escapes to' Tell Story.,:Parls Guyon's a regular fire-eater.He has been-, cited six times. He wearsa crots de guerre and a medallle dhonneur. He' captured a German mitrailleuse single-handed. He went out alonein. 'No 'Man's Land to bring back awounded comrade. He's been woundedhm8elfifo;ur times."When he is back of the lines, offduty, he helps a Y. M. 0. A. secretaryhand out writing paper to his comrades in a foyer du soldat. But itisn't active enough for him. SinceAugust, 1014, he doesn't seem to needto rest. When he isn't in the trencheshe works off his surplus energy cussing out the way the war is run because he Isn't in active service everyminute.There are a lot of pollus like Guyon.Get them ten kilometers back of thefront and they, growl and roar all day.Put them v in the trenches and you simply can't hold them in.'Probably a story lies back of mostof them just as one1 explains Guyon.When the war'broke out Guyon hadjust married. He and his wife wereliving in a little town up near the Belgian border. Of course he was calledand left for the front For more thana year ho did not hear from his wifenot a word. At last he received' a letter from her, mailed In Paris.She had been taken prisoner at thetime of the Invasion and deported Into Germany. After a year of horriblesuffering and abuse, she escaped intoHolland and got back to France byway of London. At last she reachedParis and went to work In a munitionsfactory, where she Is still working.Guyon told his story to the American Y. M. C. A. secretary with typicalFrench calmness. His fury against theBodies he puts into action in thefront line.READY FOR A CHARGEThese French - grenadiers are preparing for a raid on the German lines.GAVE BLOOD FOR BROTHERTransfusion in a Hospital in ChicagoSavstf Man" From Keokuk,lWf,Fort Madison, la. N. J Bever, manager of the Fort Madison Produce andStorage company, is home froni" theAugustaha hospital in Chicago, wherehe gave tip some of his blood in atransfusion operation in order thathis brother, M. C. Beyer of Keokuk,might live.The operation was successful and ithas been announced that the Keokukman will live, although It may be necessary to furnish him with a little additional blood to aid his own. Othermembers of the family have agreed tofurnish- this If it is needed. Mr. Beverhas been suffering for years with abad case of anaemia.The local man declares he feels no'worse for his experience aside from asoreness In his left arm, from whichmember the transfusion was made.GOT 84 LETTERS FROM HOMEThey Air Came at Once to a United!State Soldier Now Servingy(ri' France.- Dallas, Ore. Mr. and Mrs. L N.'Woods J recelyed a letter .from theirson,; Laird 'Woods, recently, and In ithe stated that he had Just received hisfirst-mall since, arriving, in France.The.mail .consisted wdf ' .6 tettew andsix'- paickars 'TonriWoodsto'therwith ewver.bther-GompanyIisbbysfthis city, were left, behind in a hospitalIn New York when Ihe .Oregon troopssailed forr France aad-h& sailed -on ai later .date but neyer caught - up withthereglmentHe was finally assigned to a compear in the old "Montana NationalGuard and is serving with' that regiment somewhere ; near the - fighting"fronHn France-now." AmerlcairtaWore Thrifty;New York. nwrl can-sailors In'year deposited jutey-a'alllkm.d'ona.la , the branch bank maintained at thBweUja NavyT. M. C. A. kU-e ,IfBj"lff"!!7'S"B '': gjiJBjj3BBj gpBBjJBPJVJaBlBBBBME-FHBRWnBaBBBflBBBaBSlmjpHWTrrffiiTEWWSpiSJIBBJSiJBWSINGS TO BOYS OYER THEREMany a Company Has Marched to"First Night in Trenches WithMore Gallant Swing BecauaaEisio Cheered Them on Way.By ALEXANDER WOOLLCOTT.Paris. The theater was no theaterat all. It was Just the great trainshed which' serves as the workshop and:headquarters for a small army ofAmerican engineers who are lendingthe P. R. B. touch to the astonishedlandscape of Feance. Though retreathad sounded an hour or so before, itway packed to suffocation' with Yanks,!for all that day rakish posters, turned"'out In the company- painter's beststyle, had Intrigued the eyewith themodest announcement:ELSIE JANIS AMERICA'S GREATEST ACTRESS FOR ONENIGHT ONLY.And at last, with warning toots froma distant whistle and a great wave oflaughter as the order was passed alongto clear the track, a locomotive trundled In out of the night, In Its cab apair of proud and grinning engineers,on its cowcatcher Elsie Janis. A moment later and the engine was nearenough tothe stage for her to clear thespace at a single jump and there shewas, with her black velvet tam, pushedback on her tossing hair, with hereyes alight and her hands uplifted, herwhole voice thrown Into the questionwhich is the beginning and the end ofmorale, which is the most importantquestion in the army:"Are we downhearted?The Thunderous Response.You can only faintly imagine thethunderous "No with which the trainshed echoed. And it is the whole pointof Elsie Janla as well as the wholepoint of all the mummers now beingbooked to play for the A. E. F. thatwhatever the spirit of the boys before.her coming, they really meant that"No .with all there was in them, thatany who might have been Just a littledownhearted before, felt better aboutIt after seeing and hearing her. For,like the rare officer who can inspire hismen to, very prodigies of valor, so theflashing Elsie Is compact of thatpriceless thing which, for lack of a lesspedantic phrase, we must call positivemagnetism. More than one companyhas marched off to Its first night in thetrenches with brighter eyes, squarershoulders and a more gallant swing be, cause, at the very' threshold of safety,this lanky and lovely lady from Columbus, Ohio, waved and sang andcheered them on their way.That Is why, when the history ofthis great expedition comes to be written, there should be a chapter devoted to the play-girl of the western front,the star of the A. E. F., the forerunnerof those players who are now beingbooked In the greatest circuit of themall, the Y. M. C. A. huts of France.For her, and for her like, there isalways room. And work aplenty todo. There are troops to be fired a$by martial musi: on the edge of the,advance.Elsie Janis (and mother) are havingthe time -of 'their lives; and- she meantevery -word of it 'whenshe cabled,back to; all1 her brothers and sisters ofthe stage to jcdmeoif they would neverknow what they had-m'tseed.Bariv-Stormino With Vengeance." For Elsie At has been- barn-stormingwith a vengeance, a tour of tank townsin more senses than one. " It has meanttraveling without a'maldfor once ina way, playing a wholes season with aone-dress wardrobe, bivouacking instrange and uninviting hotels.It has meant warbling as a cabaretsinger among tables of some 'officersmess or mounting a bench to singthrough the windows of come contagion barracks where the isolateddoughboys had been tearing their infected hair with disappointment because they had heard, she was in thepost and knew they could not get outto" see her.It has meant lingering for an 'extraperformance at some hut because a'whole new" audience was comingthrough the 'starlit heavens from theaviation camp down' the' lines.In all her years on the stage shehas. known no such tumultuous, heartwarming 'welcomes as-are-her nightlyportions In the biggest time a booking.NfflUo apo niatrai. in fi Vo r-191&The boys "swarm' up on the stageand slap her pn. the back and.vow there1never was aucn a girl since tne wormbegan. They cheer hermntlLthey arehoarse, and she: is dltxy with pride. .,-TAKES DAUGHTER TO CAMPVirginia Draftee tele SuppertChild, CarHee: Her With Him-te 'CsjvteMneittiofCamp Let,- Va. A. ,W,; Oarpeater, aVirginia draftee, -arrived at the campwith ' his three-end-a-half-year-old"dauirher. "Bfe'clalmed he was' the sole.oim. . The nurses at the base hospitalwill "adopt" the chUd if te fetkiff?lYte as legal osMaafe ,,. ,,,,! .X v&fAr1efwet'tand Ixpoeed U Airere Promise of AidFalls.Paris. Protest has arisenauartera here ajralnst the'neglect .of .many, of the priceless eeai- vues and-works of- art in Paris, wMcahave .bem permitted to staad mairetectedagaiost possible damage freeaenemy- air raids and bombarflesiatrThe. special commissi oa charge wetlithe duty of providing protection iecpublic monuments of art hasverely criticised.Last year when the dangerraids seemed 'comparativelydozen or more monuments' andwere ordered to be protected witfiibags. Some time afterward' loalesrsacks were placed at a diataace freeathe monuments or etataee, waitiac ftbe put In place. There they ware allowed to remain, nothing farther beting done. The bags lay abotme)istatues for weeks.In the meanwhile there were severalair raids Fortunately no monanwiertor, statue was hit On the Initiativeof a. group of citizens work on tbe-pro-Ltection of some of the masterpiecewasjbegun, and many historic pieces)like the Vendome Column, the Obelisk;the Strassbourg Monument am4 the artworks in the Luxembourg 'gariswere given some adequate protection.Street urchins anxioul t play ?imthe trenches'' climbed up moor tMbags, causing a loose one to slip, 'witthe result that thousands of bags fellIn an avalanche about many o4 thestatues. It was thereupon found tatthe bags were filled with stbae erclinkers.Art lovers protested and called tkeattention of the commission to thfact that stones and clinkers affordedno protection against German- bombs,The Paris municipal council is nenrtaking measures to remedy the pretestcondition and promises that every valmable piece of statuary and historicalart will" be reasonably protected.RED MEN WILL SAVE FOODAsk for Expert to Teach Squaws Hewtoav Wheat by- Using rSubstitutes. p'ir-t'Omaha, Neb. Indians are-not oavaFwhit behind the white maiL.wbea itcomes to food conservation. Tmeywant their squaws to have a fooelmatron Just like their white brethren. Fifty leaders of the Omaha In?dlan tribe called on State Food Administrator G. W. Wattles and askedhim to intercede with the "great whitefather" at Washington to have FoodAdministrator Hoover appoint a matron to explain to the squaws how tesave the wheat by using substitutes.In the past nothing but wheat hasever been used on the reservation, bfitthe Indians have not only sent theirboys to fight for Uncle Sam, but theyrwant to do their bit at home.OPEN EMERGENCY HOMESFOR WIVES OF SOLDIERSDes Moines, la. Two emergency homes which will carer forthe wives1 of soldiers after learning a maternity hospital hKf ',been established here by th--civilian-reliefdepartment of the 'Red Cross. "The plan is to keep the TaotfcV vers in the. homes" .until they, have ;regained their strength. -They Jwill be taught to care for their ';' bablee and. f or - themselves. Aft- ,J'er 'leaving, an effort-will be made ;to see that they are located -lahomes. - --PRICES SOAR IN LONDONSaloon Keepers Make Up for PrewVeering Brake on Whiskyand Spirits.London. The whisky and spiritprices have limited the power of thsaloon keeper to profiteer in these articles, with the result that the priceof wines have gone up with araa. A.glass of port, which at one tinW waa 8cents, is now 24 cents. Mixed Yarmouth has risen to 24 cents a glass, oreven to 36 ceats hrsome Weet "atad establishments. ,By the bottle prices liaTeybeeav increased in, the case of Italiam Yarmouth from 4Q cents the litre tomuch, ai $1.80, and'thff price of fcferioirV French vermouth, is $2. Other wisesare double or treble pre-war jrktft.TAKE SHRAPNEL FRW7HEAIITRamabVOpeVatle psrferwed'ew a. rHisk SelaTer PreeVaWceeeful.""" "" .LondOBH-A- -recaarkaBle - jiratliSihas "been 'performed on a .eelekec,atLeewlfuttmarr. Apiece 'e 1wef ghmg'oigralris'was extracted'the anterior "walls of tWear''The' patient Is Private'irbltf -land,who was wwmded1 krr1MNii.April. 11 last year. After receferiartreatraeat-ia levera!- ioaprtals he wit'takea- to Leeds ioireary,?HNrV a&d a piecfof -wealta watt eheart itseHL H ktt rewT.rr-f.,.Mi14l&Jrl'? ,5-4THE BOURBpN NEWS, PARIS, IT.4-5TOTBDAY, JULY If, 1U.Ni" r j ' a. j, 'wv . "- -- w -MiMhiyrf:vMILLERSBURQAf.. ' , XUtUU&WWUMV 'J-jfc ,t ' Mr. John -Morgan, of Carlisle,-.twas itlue guest of Mr. and Mrs. V. L.J33prtons from Saturday, untU Sunday... JrT-Miss Thelma McCUntock, of.tJIUehmond, is the -guest, of her gand-fiQlhEr, Mrs. Ada McCliatocfc andf4miJy. i. . '" v o rMrs. J. 3, Miller left Friday .for3fcr homp iat Memphis, .Tenn,, after a-sfcferee-weeks' visit to her parents, Dr.. .nd;lrs. W- G. DailejJ .'; tawA- " ,fi Mc.a-nd Mrs. E. M.. TUojnason- 'jive moved to their property recent3y purchased from Mr, . Astiby Leer"&rqpi that lately sold to him. . t3 The' twelve-year-old' child of'Jaxnee Turney, colored, died -of"Wtiooping cough Thursday night; In-'Germent in colored cemetery Sunday.torning.' Thef friends of Mrs. J. SmithClfctke will regret to learn that shei"is Quite ill at her home near Louis. "rille with gallstones and her family-eir 'that an operation will be neces--iry.She was formerly Miss SileThbrh of Millersburg."' --Mr.. and Mrs. J. H. Burroughs,'-whi'le giving from town to the home'-ofhis father, Mr. William Burroughs,-"ame nar meeting with a serious ach(tent. Mr. Burroughs was drivingi8,v young spirited horse. On leaving3liUersburg as they approached thelome of Mrs. Russell Mitchell a partof the harness broke, which renderedthe horse unmanageable, after which-one of the front wheels of the buggycaine off. The little son, William" Virgil Burroughs, was thrown fromthe .buggy, sustained slight bruises.r. ,ahdMrs. Burroughs sustained"3pafcul ., though not serious bruises.IMr. Burroughs has been confined to- -3ipnvs of his father since, but we are- jlad ,to, say he reported at the Farmsers, Bank. Monday morning for duty.!" ' --At the evening session of thev'Chautauqua, Friday, a nice little sumTwas Taisei to defray the burial ex-Ipenses of little James Louis Baker,colored, and also to place a monuzxnent at his grave. The child jmet his"'"death in the park Thursday after-noan by the falling of the Chautauqua, tent, which at that time was belag erected. One of. the large polesistruck him killing him .instantly."Small children were warned to keep. out of the way, but, of course, theyc&xlcL not all be watched. PresidentT5"- D. Mclntyre, of the local Chau-tP'iqua promo tors, delivered a short- address to the audience at the openf ins -of the meeting. The people re-- sponged liberally, and a good sum-tous realized. The White & Myers!L5xeum Buereau, which is furnishing the talent for the Chautauqua,-will also ' contribute liberally to theXund,- TffE CHAUTAUQUA. The annual Millersburg Chautauqua opened"iFrtday afternoon in the Millersburg"park.- The attendance has been goodthus far, and the talent for better"then' we expected, wThen he realizehat-a great many of the publicspeakers are now in the service of theGovernment, as are also a great numf? "her of the good musical aggregations."" ''Blank's European Orchestra gave a-" 'easing concert in the afternoon,- and'the prelude in the evening? and-waSffollowed by the brilliant lecturerVDr. , -Jay. .William Hudson, subject,- Asrcrrcan Ideals." It was good and" he. certainly told us how the Kaiser1 should 'be disposed of, and how Bel-giu,ttt to a small degree might be reimbursed.Saturday afternoon we were enter' - taioed by the Cecelian Chorus, inv tfoncert Their choruses and solos' were "all of a.-pleasing character, cal-culatd' to entertain any audience.I . In 'the -evening they gave an equallyvplfia&iirg prelude, -and was followed" -DyTr: Yiolett, u Kansas City, Mo.;v itfar lecture which will never be foriVgotten iiere, entitled, "The FreedomxQf The SeSs." Dr. Violett is indeed aTTHywerful speaker and much of his' tiaift is given to government work."He gave a precise, brief historic ac--count -of Germany's attitude on the-sea. the wonderful work that had'"been done by the U. S. Governmentin builaing and launching of war vestads and transports and the wonderful'-amount of munitions, food suppliesacad men that had been sent toiuropeviinfi the past year. He paid'the Ittlghest complipient to President? Vflson that had been contributed by.-lMT one at any" time since the openine of the war in Millersburg. HeTxwi. an easy-flow of language andaid the right' thing at the righttime. ' His invectives against the'Kaiser" and" the German government, -were equally appropriate.Sunday at 10:45 a. m. Elder W. E.lllis,;of the Paris Christian church,"eltvefed a most eloquent sermon, inr the Chautauqua tent. It was a union service and another large audience was. in attendance. Elder Ellis.'tlid not come' to us as a stranger, and' we felt' that we knew what to expect.vHe certainly was at his best and in aspirit which was in keeping with the- times, delivered an address which-went beyond all expectations, andrivalled those which had preceededvTiim since the opening of the Chautauqua. ' In -the afternoon we wereentertained for a short tipie by Pearl--.O'iteil, a Canadian reader, which wassoodv She was followed by Rev.XJlyde Wilson McCord, of Omaha,"Nebraska, who is also a forcible,. -speaker;, pointing out to us the nerceaeity of preparedness now and afterthe -war, calling attention to the;r"womerful work we have already done-m'to the wonderful work to be dones,fter the close of the war to preventwarsin the. future. And above all'taiags to have a .greater care with"the jfrowiag up of our children thanwe kave had in the past. He alsoaUe4 attention to the necessity ofsow School, reforms which could be"brottgfet about only by parents andmot y teachers, superintendents and-cfcl boards.Scaracity of white paper is sup--yoeed to explain the almost disap-YMtraa'oe ef the illustrated seed cat-ynsiigs. Still, the great demandttpMpK to lie for seeds for munitionMATRTMnttTAT,.', .-A special to . the CincinnatiTijmes Star rom Fulton, Mo.,says:'"Announcement has just been madehere by Dr. 1. J.' Rice, dean of Westminster College, that', his son, theRev. Dr.' John" Jay Rice, Jr., andMiss Elizabeth Brown will be married in a quiet home ceremony at Paris,Ky., on "the evening 'of August 3.The Rev. Dr. Rice is pastor of thePresbyterian -church at Paris. Thebride is a daughter of Dr. Brown, aprominent Paris physician."BROWN RICE.x The hepe of-Dr. and Mrs. J. T.Brown, on Cypress street, in thiscity will be the scene of a prettyhome wedding, when, on the afternoon of Mondayruly 22, the daughter of the house, Miss ElizabethBrown, will become the bride of Rev.John Jay-' Rice, pastor of the" ParisPresbyterian church.-It had been the intention to havethe wedding a church event, but theplans were changed at the last moment, owing to the fact, that Dr.Brown, father of the bride-elect, hajdreceived orders to report for duty atCamp Greene, near Charlottesville,Georgia, for duty in the Medical Reserve Corps of the army. In view ofthis the date was set up to the 2 2d,instead of August 3, as first planned.After a short honeymoon trip,their destination not being announced yet, Rev. Rice and his fair bridewill be at home to their . numerousfriends at the Presbyterian manse, at121 Duncan avenue., DEATHS.SMITH.Mrs. Claude Smith, aged sixtynine, died yesterday afternoon at thehome of her daughter, Mrs. J. W.Bell, near here, of a complication ofdiseases. The funeral will be held atthe residence of Mrs. Bell this afternoon at three o'clock, with servicesconducted by Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of the Paris Christian church.The burial will take place in theGeorgetown Cemetery, the funeralparty leaving for that place in autopiobiles after the service here.STEPHENS.After consultation with friendsand relatives in Kentucky and California, it was decided that the bodyof Dr. John Miller Stephens, son ofMr. and Mrs. Charles Stephens, ofParis, who was killed in an automobile accident last- week iear Pasadena, Cali., would not be brought toParis for interment. .Mr. Woodford Spears received atelegram from Dr. Barclay Stephensat Pasadena, Cali., advising him ofthe conclusion of the conference, andstating that the funeral was held atthe residence of Dr. Stephens on Friday, the interment following at Pasadena. The telegram stated furtherthat the cause of the accident wasunknown, but that all details wouldbe forwarded as soon as ascertained.HART.Mr. Jos. W. Hart, aged seventy,proprietor of the Paris Garage, diedat his home in this city Saturday afternoon, after a short illness, due toa complication of diseases. Mr. Hartwas a veteran of the Civil War, having served as a private in a Kentucky company in the Confederateservice. He was a candidate forJailer of Bourbon county in the campaign forcounty offices about a yearago, and (made a good race. He hadbeen engaged in farming previous tomoving to Paris.Mr. Hart is survived by his .widow,who .was formerly Miss Winston, ofnear North Middletown, this county,and one son, Mr. Winston Hart, whois engaged in business in Paris, andby relatives in Clark county.The funeral was held from theresidence on Main street yesterdaymorning. The interment followed at10:30 o'clock in the North Middletown Cemetery, with services conducted at the grave by Rev. W. E.Ellis, pastor of the Paris Christianchurch.Among those fropi a distance whoattended the funeral and burial of MrHart were Mr. and Mrs. CharlesHagan, Mrs. C. H. Lowe, Misses Charline and N. R. Lowe, of Winchester.Mr. Hart's wife was a niece of Mrs.Lowe."3 fe fe "RELIGIOUS.In the absence of his father,Rev. F. M. Tinder, who is conductinga revival meeting at Fairview, Ky.,his pulpit n the North MiddletownChristian church, will be filled byhis son, Rev. Frank 'M. Tinder, Jr.Rev. Tinder, Jr., preached at bothservices Sunday.m m -- JBIRTHS.To the wife of Mr. Ross Leach,of Vine street, a son third child.Near Jacksonville, to the wife ofMr. Mike Walters, a boy, their eighthchild. vOn Saturday, to the wife of Mr.N. H. Bradley,. of Higgins avenue,a daughter; weight eight pounds.Little Rumania was assessed twobillion dollars by Germany as theprice of peacer What do you. suppose&he would' assess this country if sheever got the ckance go out and buya- Liberty bond to-day. TampaI -' " WZ ' r- .,------"i wOlVDEJt IF "THISAniir1: - TOHOlSOK?LIFT OFFQjop Freezone on a touchycorn.tnen nit mar. cornoff with fingers.Doesn't hurt a, bit! Dropva littleFreezone on an aching corn, instantlytha$ corn stops -hurting, then youfliftit right out. Yes, magic! No huxnbuglA tiny bottle of Freezone casta but afew centa at any drug store, but is sufficient to Temove every hard, corn, Boffccorn, or corn between the toes, and thecalluses, without soreness or irritation.Freezone is the sensational discoveryof a Cincinnati genius. It is wonderful.PUBLISHERS VIGOROUSLY ATTACK NEW. POSTAL ZONE LAWNewspaper and pagazine .publishers, in a hearing before the HotiseWays and Means Committee, ,T atWashington, made their final attemptto obtain a repeal of the postal zonerate law, which became effectiveJuly 1. The hearing-was to be thelast in connection with the new $S,000,000,000 war revenue bill, drafting of which was started, by thecommittee yesterday. ' ' xJesse H. Neal, of JNew York, executive secretary of the AssociatedBusiness Papers, Incorporated, comprising 600 trade papers, testified forrepeal of the increased "rates. Bfesaid the present rates are no moreasubsidy for the farmer and spokeof the war work accompliehed byHhenewspapers."I call attention," Mr. Neal said,"to the statements made that ?5,000,000 to $30, 0000,000 have beenraised to projmote German propaganda and have been sent into theUnited States. Ai an advertisingman and speaking for the advertising fraternity, let me say that jwe Jdeeply regret that Congress ha3 seenfit to appropriate only $1,000,000 forthe Public Information Committtee tocounteract the countless millionsspent' for German propaganda."Mr. Neal quoted- many public menagainst the zone system. He citedconditions in Russia to-day as illustrative of the effects of lack of interchange of communication and unity of thought.. 'Mr. Neal suggested abolishment ofthe congressional franking privilegewould add $25,000,000 or ,more tothe postal revenues.51 to 151 iSCHOOL PER CAPITA TOSLIGHTLY INCREASED.BEThe school per capita for theschool year 1918-19 will be $5.25,an increase of twenty-five cents overlast year. The per capita is basedon an , estimated school revenue of$3,58,557, which includes everyitem in which the school revenueshave participated with the exception of the inheritance tax whichAuditor Greene refused to submit,believing that the law does not justify paying any part of this fundto the school fund. sSuperintendent V.' O.' Gilbert willinstitute a friendly suit to contestthe decision believing that theschool should continue to participatein the inheritance tax fund as'Jn thepast. Heretofore the school fund hasreceived approximately sixty thousand dollars or seventy thousand dollars annually from this source. Ifthe school fund is allowed by thecourt to participate in the inheritance tax sopiething like $1,500,000will accrue to that fund when theBingham estate is settled.An overestimate made last year resulted in the school fund being about$300,000 short. This " deficiencymust be met before the distributionis made. Taking thisHnto consideration, together with the Tiigh cost 6tHiving, and the war pressure, Superintendent Gilbert was forced to declare a six1 months school term.A lady suggests that men will bewilling to wear patched trousers if itcan be made known they can affordbetter, but .are merely wearingpatches to conserve money and material for the war. .So she suggestsa patch of red, white and blue toDe known as the liberty patch. Wouldit be proper' for a, patriotic citizen toalt down on the national colors thati.1 . 'HfV .,2T-1 t-SOUND GOODtt.r,- , f ', . - 'Sincere praise of President Wilson's leadership in the war and hisadvocacy of a leagueof nations afte(rthe war was given by Herbert H.Asquith, the former Premier, in "anaddress at the National Liberty Club.The occasion was a "hospitality din"-,i:er to American officers" at which '500 prominent Englishmen were'hosts, The dinner resolved itself into 1a meeting of pyation for- the Presi- Ident. -Vice Admiral Sims, commander qfthe American naval forces in .the war izone, paid tribute to the co-op eration-Jof the British and American navie 'and declared : I"The submarine menace is now atan end, for we are destroying them Ifaster than the Germans can buildthem."Maj. Gen. Biddle, commander ofAmerican forces in England, evokedlong cheers when he announced thatAmerican troops were stationed atfrom seventy to eighty differentpoints in England and Scotland.WITHTHE SOUTHERNGRAPHHRS.PARA-"French Officer Amazed at. Efficiency of American Artillerists,."News headline. '.The German officerswill get their share of the amazementin due 'time but from . a differentdirection. New Orleans Times-Picayune.'If the war forces us to wear paperpants, as some persons are predicting it will, we shall always carry asmall pot of library paste in orderthat any rupture by sitting down ona splinter may be speedily repaired.New Orleans States. !Pennsylvania tailors' are makingmen's suits with quart size pockets.But what good would that do ushere? It merely recalls the tendergrace of a day that is dead. Columbia State.m i8aSix New York men, names unknown, have failed to make their income tax neturn because they haveso much ;money their clerks haven'tbeen able to"nnish the work. That'sanother advantage in being poor.Krtbxville SentineT.The Dutch editors say they will resent the seizure of the Dutch shipsin .a dignified manner. That meansthat -they will not call out the armyEVERY DAY THIS WEEK ISCLEAN-UP DAYAll short and broken lines, all odds and ends, have beentaken from our shelves and marked at prices that will findnew owners on sight. Come in tomorrow and you will appreciate these great bargains. Greatest and most completeline ofen's, Women's andShoes, Oxfords andLadies' Mahogany Tan to QQPumps .5F3JLadies' Canvas Boots and Pumps tl QQLadies' Black Kid English Oxfords jo QQLadies' Mahogany Tan English. (9 qcBoots and Oxfords ..?Ladies' Black Kid (o A QPumps -...... W-,Paris' Greatest Shoe StoreyiijiiiiiiriiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiirmiuurnmtMfr r KThe J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMJERSMainand SixthStreetsParisMotor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only. ,tlltlM'MllllHHlMHHHtntIHmttmiin4to repel the paymastercomes". Dallas News.when heThe decisioi-nJfEta House Cominittee-not to hold pun$ hearings on any ofthe resolutions dealing with the Irishquestion suggests real talent for rec -ognizing a good thing to let alone.Savannah News.INSURAINGE!FIRE TORNADO AUTOMOBILE HAILWatch for the expiration off your policiesand let us have some off your renewalsAt Farmers ScAt Special PriceReductions!Ladies'Gray,Blackmost beautifulMahogany Tan,and White KidBOOTS, OXFORDSAND PUMPSWalk-Over and other famous makes, at bargainpricesMen's Canvas Rubber Sole i AnOxfords $1.99Men's Tan and Black Shoea and to AfOxfords, good makes f J.49Men's-Dark Tan English Shoes and f? aaOxfprds, Walk-Over $5.00Men's Gun Metal Button eo jaand Lace Shoes $Z.49Boys' Gun Metal Lace and t aaButton Shoes..: $1.99Men's Tan Scouts a a mDAN COHENWhew Beautr and EconomyJReij nk .Ky.Day phone 36Nlsht s . . 56or home 286It annoys a girl when she likes thefellow who is sitting beside her onthe lounge in the front room and shetells hfm to behave and he behaves.fca fe feL Isn't is funny how a man will stareIat.a well-filled silk stocking whenhewon t give a weu-nnea siijc sock aglance?&Traders BankChildrensPumpsIHraaalUulift52 LxVvI way? Houston Poet.rJT,..-K"H'z,?'k $nf?&.;c i"-i?KVAfc.rlV?-whA Iavu& - ATribune. .. t