S.j3WrI- .$ A-J?&&"f'? sTHEt -, 'ft,A ;..V 1, . - 4J ! ... . -faf'f '!PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR-VOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 1, 1918Hia. Ift MNEWSiH ViB H H P""M WT" k fc. HDuunoun-xSLIGHT IMPROVEMENT IN INELUENZA SITUATION.OFFICERS WHO WILL CONDUCTNOVEMBER ELECTION.There has. been, a very slight improvement in the influenza situationhere, and, in the opinion of the physicians-andthe members of the Boardof Health the crest' has about beenreached. Mrs. Harriet Minaker, Visiting Nurse for the Bourbon CountyHealth and Welfare League, reportsa total of two hundred cases here. Alarge part of these are of a mild nature. Fewer families are newly affected, although there was for awhile a slight increase in the number of cases reported from familiesalready ill. It is thought with better weather conditions and a morewilling spirit on the part of the public to help carry out the regulationsof the Board of Health the diseasewill gradually diminish.There are yet a -number of seriouscases, but according to the HealthBoard officials there is no cause foralarm. Several cases have developedinto pneumonia and double pneumonia. Dr. Charles G. Daugherty andthe members of the Health Board arein active touch with the situation.Dr. Daugherty will bring to the attention of the Board of Health thematter of guarding the approaches tothe cemetery at the hour of funerals,so as to limit those in attendance to 1the immediate relatives of the family.People are requested to keep awayfrom the the cemeteries during thehour of funerals, and unless the order is complied with steps will betaken to prevent their admittance tothe grounds.The physisians of the city aregreatly overworked. One of- themstated that lie had only had fourhours sleep in twenty-four on one occasion. They request the public tocease making telephone inquiries ofthem about sick friends and relatives,as their time is too fully occupiedcaring for the steleOn account of the increased number of patients at the Massie Meniolrial Hospital, Miss Boehme, Superintendent, secured the loan of a largesupply of cots and bedding fromCJamp Buell, which were delivered tothe institution by three big U. S.army trucks. There is a woeful lackof nurses to care for the sick, notonly at the Hospital, but in private"homes, and volunteers are urged tomake their names known.The ban against churches, theatres and gatherings of all kinds imTKsed by the State Board of HealthTy reason of the epidemic of influenza will "continue indefinitely, theTBoard at meetingnrlsouIsvilleJWednesday having so decided followingsession that lasted several Jhotirs.Another meeting of the board willt TiPld in Louisville next Wednesday,when the situation again will be reviewed. If by that time the situationis materially improved it is probablethat a definite date for lifting xestrictions will be named.At the meeting Wednesday theclergy generally took the position,that opening the churches would improve the morale and resistance ofthe church-going public, but theHealth Board turned a deaf ear tothis argument.Following the conference it was intimated by various members of theBoard that open air meetings atleast may be permitted following themeeting next Wednesday.Sheriff W. G-. McClintock receiveda letter Wednesday from CircuitJudge R. L. Stout, advising him that,in all probability, there would be noterm of the November court, unlessthe influenza situation had clearedup sufficiently to permit it. JudgeStout stated that he did. not .want theimpression to get out tha here wouldbe no term of court at all, and thatall witnesses and litigants shouldhold themselves ready to respondwhen notified. The holding of tillsterm of Court will depend on whataction is taken by the Board ofHealth and whether or not the influenza ban is lifted in a short time.Due notice will be given to all parties concerned as to the time of calling the sessions of the Court.PREPARING TO BUY THE SENA-TORSHIP.Secretary Cummins, acting : chairman of the Democratic NationalCommittee, is authority for the statement that when the National Republican chairman was in Kenucky heproposed to put up for the campaign$2 for every, one that the party m4.1. o- ,v.cnriVAri . and A. T-. xterxPfcdgeTI anoTner W. The KentuckyRepublicans decided to raise W.If these pledges are ulftlled "be seen that they are PreParedspend $160,000 to elect Brunei ; whowould be high at a hundredth of theamount. The effort to make moneytalk indicates how strong is the Republican desire to get control of theSenate and tie the resJden hadeyThe bare announcement tna iare prepared to buy yhat they canhave no hope of obtaining in. anyother way ought to and will put everyDemocrat on his jnettle to elect Gov.Stanley and the Congressional bonees at all hazards. Go to .the pons,stamp under the rooster and repel einsinuation that the office.iB lor'sale. .BANDITS SLAY POLICEMAN AC- BOURBON DEMOCRATS CONHCOMPLICE ARRESTED HEREThe following is a list of the officers who will conduct the SenatorialCongressional election in this countyand city next Tuesday, November 5.The same officers conducted the registration in the city and county on October L The officers are requested tobe at their posts promptly at or before six o'clock Tuesday morning;Paris No. J. Newt. Mitchell, D.,Clerk; J. T. Kiser, D., Judge; Wm.Goodloe, R Judge; Winn Hutchcraf t,R., Sheriff.Paris No. 2 Swift Champ, D.,Clerk; B. F. Can trill; D., Judge; T. T.Templin, R., Judge; J. W. Grinnell,R., Sheriff.Paris No. 3 A. T. Rice, D Clerk;Doug Thomas, Sr., D., Judge; R. P.Dow, R., Judge; Jas. Stivers, R.,Sheriff.Paris No. 4 Wjm. Grannan, .D.,Clerk; J. M. O'Brien, D., Judge; A.J. Pee, R., Judge; H. T. Ingram, R.,Sheriff.Paris No. 5 M. F. Kenney, D.,Clerk; M. J. Lavin, D., Judge; CarlWilliams, R., Judge; Stanton Rummans, R., Sheriff.Paris No. 6 Harry Mitchell, D.,Clerk; J. W. Thomas, D., Judge;Wyatt Thompson, R Judge; HookerStivers, R., Sheriff.Millersburg No. 1 Bert McClintock, D., Sheriff; Joe P. Redmon, D.,Judge; J. S. Shoptaugh, R Judge;F. A. Herbert, R., Clerk.Millersburg No. 2 Virgil Barton,D., Sheriff; T. P. Wadell, D., Judge;D. M. Hurst, R., Clerk; John Hunter, R., Judge.Flat Rock No. 1 Ray Burris, D.,Sheriff; Houston Crouch, D., Judge;Ed. Thomason, R.,Clerk; J. C. Blount,R., Judge.Flat Rock No. 2 Walter Kenney,D., Sheriff; Jas. Caldwell, D., Judge;H. L. Hill, R., Clerk; T. J. Day, R.,Judge.North Middletown No. 1 BertRash, D., Sheriff; J. S. Talbott, D.,Judge; J. M. Murphy, R., Judge;Davis Patrick, Clerk.North Middletown No. 2 BenWoodford, Jr., D., Sheriff; Cliff Hadden, D., Judge; W. R. Tuttle, R.,Clerk; O. T. Wagner, R., Judge.CUntonville No. 1 Brutus Clay,D., Sheriff; Varden Shipp, D., Judge;Sam Weathers, R., Clerk; Geo. Bramble, R., Judge.Clintonville No. 2 Frank Clay,D., Sheriff; John "Woodford, D.,Judge; Geo. Pepper, R., Clerk; Geo.Jones, R., Judge.Hutchison No. 1 H. W. Snell, D.,Sheriff; Frank Buchanan, D., Judge;WmTDudley, R., Clerk; Joe Jacoby,R., Judge.Hutchison No. 2 Wm. Ardery, D.,Sheriff; Jno. Towles, D., Judge; J. L.Horton, R., Clerk; W. W. Hall, R.,Judge.Centreville No. 1 Ben Buckner,D., Sheriff; H. C. Clifford, D., Judge;D. Hume, R., Clerk; John H. Bell, R.,Judge.Centerville No. 2 Joe Ewalt, D.,Sheriff; Miller Ward, D., Judge;Ewalt Haley, R., Clerk; C. J. Doyle,R., Judge.Ruddles Mills No. 1 Jack Howard,D., Sheriff; George Wyatt, Jr., D.,Judge; Clay Hough, R., Clerk;Strawther Mahorney, R., Judge.Ruddles Mills No. 2 Geo. K. Redmon. D.. Sheriff: Hart Talbott, D.,Judge; E. D. Bell, R., Clerk; Lindsey Hough, R., Judge.DENT AND OPTIMISTIC.Optimism is the prevailing featureSSe0?eJCene f tragedy of e Dem0cratic campaign in thiswhich had its beginning in Lexinerton, Wednesday night, when one ofcity and county, with County Chairman Will G. McClintock making thethe bandits who held up a grocery- n,T t, t,.i,w. -arm n nnJEIJ? dwmurdered Ltagton po- jdsome old-time majority for thethePiiarreStedandbrUtt0r Senatorial and Congressional candi-wiSSrn , n ' U dates at the election Tuesday. Chair-.Jt110 ?ul l agd an McClintock estimates conserva-yj, . Lemuel ul me exingron po- ,ivfilv a mioritv ranging from'400 to500 in the county for tne uemocrancticket.A force of clerks have been busy atheadquarters mailing to all the Democratic voters in the city and counaycommunications urging them to besure to go to the polls on Tuesday andhack up President Wilson with theirTotes. The envelopes also carried acopy of President Wilson's appeal tothe nation to stand by his administration and keep behind him a Democratic Congress. ' About 3,000 ofthese letter were folded, placed in envelopes, addressed and onailed Wednesday. Chairman McClintock, in a statement given out to the pressr said:"The apathy that has prevailedamong the voters, largely due to theinfluenza situation and the fact thatthe farmers are busy with their tobacco and corn crops has given way Ito a livelier feeling, and the stirringappeal of President Wilson lias certainly. warmed them up to a realization of their duty. The prospect certainly looks good for the success ofthe ticket in the city and -county,and you know old Bourbon never does janything half-way at an, at anytime."fca m fcsI! IN THE SERVICE OF THEIR. COUNTRY..lice force was shot and killed shortlypast seven o'clock Wednesday nightat the corner of High and Broadway,in Lexington, by one of two menVhohad just held up the grocery of S A.Glass, at the corner of Cedarand Upper streets. One of the men, whogave his name as Henry Murphy,aged twenty-six, residence Cincinnati,was arrested by the Lexington police,after he had been wounded in thecalf of the leg by a shot fired by Tom.McCormick, a clerk in the Glass grocery. His companion, who gave thename of Porter Anneff, -was arrested,on the 8:15 car from Lexingtonratthe Interurban station in Paris. Themen entered the Glass grocery and atthe point of revolvers, held up theplace and robbed the cash registerof $30.After the arrest of Murphy thesconce shifted to Paris. Chief ofPolice Fred Link had been notifiedby telephone (message of the shooting.Securing an automobile, he, accompanied by Patrolman Lusk, went to apoint on the interurban line aboutfive miles from Paris, and boardedthe car, arriving in Paris at 8:15,sending the machine Back to'' Paris.A description of the man wantea hadbeen furnished the officers. Tlieyspied Anneff crouched down in a seatand kept him under surveillance untilthe car reached the interurban station at Fifth and High streets, whenthey placed him under arrest. Hewas taken to the Paris jail, where,ter a course of questioning, he admitted being with Murphy, but deniedthat he had anything to do with theshooting. Upon being searched a Revolver with two empty chambers wasfound. He also had a registration,card bearing the name of Henry4 Mfcrphy. It afterward developed that heand Murphy had switched cards. Assoon as he was informed that .Murphyhad been arrested he admitted thathe was Murphy and that the man arrested in Lexington was in realityAnneff. Both men registered in thefirst draft in 1917 from the IndianaReformatory at Jeffersonville, If d.The Lexington police were inforpledof the arrest. Chief of- Police -Reagan,Capt. Austin Price andvijlpt.'Donlin, of the Lexington force, caraeto Paris in an auto and took the manback to Lexington.AN UNUSUAL STOCKCOATS.OP RAIN-We've never shown a better assortment in "Babardines, Irridescents andScotch Mists. You need one comeand look at these.J. W. DAVIS & CO.'yWhite House, Washington,"September 19, 1918."The Hon. J. C. W. Beckham"Washington, D. C."I understand you are leavingtn-dav to ioin Gov. Stanley inopening his campaign, in Ken-tucky. May I not say tnat mycordial wishes go with you?"It is of the utmost consequence that the administrationshold have direct and unflaggingassistance of its real friends atthis time, and I wish you God"Cordially and sincerely yours,"WOODROW WJLSON."ADMINISTRATOR APPOINTED.In the County Court Judge Batterton, appointed Mrs. Amanda Flandersas administrator of the estate of Geo.C Flanders, who died near NorthMiddletown, recently. Mrs. Flandersqualified by furnishing the requiredbond. C. H. Dalzell, Claude M.Thomas and Clay Reed were appointed to appraise the estate.jPwi know "how Ilit)111!OCTOBER DEPARTS IN AN ANGRY HOOP.The month of October, usually oneof the finest in, the year , mane uexit yesterday in. rather . ?gfmood.- Heavy rains, darkening skies,Kt.noon a Vnt?fr Na-tributed .to the pout old JfLture.awumed im. J?5f-humiadtyJ-L.if th, war.an4;mflu-.CUTJliOWERS.Choice cut -flowers in bunches ordesigns for funrelas, weddings, social events, the sick or any purposewhere flowers may be used. Promptattention given all orders whetherlarge or small.JO. VARDEN,(22-tf) Florist Agent.i m jes nPUEL ADMINISTEATOH AXTHERE WILL BE NO COALFAMINE.There will be no coal famine thecoming winter, nor even an approachto the hardships of last winter, meiAdministrator Garfield has announced but the public must continue toco-operate with the fuel administration in conservation measures as farmore coal is needed now than in normal times.Dr. Garfield, in a statement reviewing the present coal outlook,said the nation's fuel supplies, assembled in preparation for an unusually severe winter, are adequate anaTTToii rficrtrihnted: that the coal stockson hand are greater than ever before and that more domestic coai inow in the hands of consumers anddealers than at the correspondingperiod in .normal years.n I5i feCOAL HEATERS FUEL SAVERS.J$0WJS THE TIME TO BUY.For the best coal heater, get theHot Blast, it saves fuel and givesmore heat. We have a limited supply. 3etter buy now.(8-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.3 IK IB"NO LET UP IN WAR PLANS .-BECAUSE OF rJSAUiJi AAlVThe War Department , does : notplan to call all men within the draftup lo 45 years by January, l'f Secretary Baker said in discussing pressdispatches crediting John R. Mott,international secretary of the Y. M.C. A., with saying that he had. beentnvimA Tiv Mr. BakerSecretary Baker said war work isnot being slowedup because of thepeace discussions. The - only delay,he said and it has been only ia spots,is due to the epidepaic of - SpanishThis, ne aaaea, was u-An Ounce of Prevention is WorthPound of CureYour lieal th and comfort are worth more than yourdollars. -v ' ' - .Dr. Reed's Cushion Sole ShoesFor Winterare just what you need. If you suffer with cold feet, corns,hnninna nr callous rlaces vou will find great comfort in;! wearing Dr. Reed's Shoes, and eventually these troubles55 will cease. Dr. Reed's Shoes are made with a soft velvet- jjj" i:i . i;n i Ur.4-rrrNM V - ii o i-i A ivtv oaIoq wnipn mi11KG CUHlllUIl BUlC UCtWCCU wc uuici anui liiiii. ovv, ..gives that ease and comfort to the foot, and keeps thedampness from creeping through the soles of the shoes.Calf Skins and Vici Kids, heavy and light soles . .$9.00 PER PAIRNettleton Fine Shoes ForWinter Wearare now on display, and you will find the same 'dependableshoes in Russian Calf, Cardovan and Vici Kids, leathersthat have made the Nettleton the ideal shoes :f or the rnanwho wants style, service and comfort. ' . v ' r$12 PER PAIR'Hiinfluenza, this, ne aaaeu, w ," j-hbtirely temnwrJjCl,eUJttTff Wk1MITCHELL & BLAKEMOREjr 1Stetson' Hati , , Manhattan Shirts: Stein-Bloch Clothes 'Corporal Edward Lee and Mrs. Lee,who have heen visiting Paris relatives for several days, left Tuesdayfor Camp Knox, where Corp. Lee isnow stationed.Mr. Earl Hume Ferguson, ofGeorgetown, formerly of Bourbonicounty, has been accepted by the Y.M. C." A. as an auto truck driver, andwill leave for France as soon as he iscalled.Draft calls for registrants whohave passed their thirty-seventhbirthdays, are expected to beginabout March 1, according to information given out yesterday from theDistrict Draft Board at Lexington.Dr. and Mrs. Jas. A. Vansant, ofMt. Sterling, have received a letterfrom their son, Lieut. Tho Vansant,stating that he had arrived safelyin France. Lieut. Vansant is anephew of Dr. J. T. Vansant, ofParis..According to messages receivedhere by relatives of several Bourboncounty boys at Camp Meade, Md., theinfluenza situation there s greatlyimproved. Private George Glenn, ofParis, who has been ill for sometimewith the disease, has fully recovered.Several others who contracted theinfluenza are on the road to recovery.Relatives in Paris have receivedmessages irom .private Martin s.Glenn, formerly of Paris, statingthat he had landed safely overseas,and was now in active service on thebattlefront. Mr. Glenn's brother,Mr. George Glenn, of Paris, is alsoin the service. They are brothers ofJohn and Joe Glenn, of this city.Mrs. C. P. Bales, of Paris, receiveda letter from her brother, GeorgeStone, stating that he had been transferred from the Great. Lakes NavalTraining Station, wjierg h-hjui.-beenin training six months, to a Efeagoing vessel stationed off the coast ofMassachusetts. He said further thathe had been promoted from firemanto assistant engineer.. . NWhen you" write to your soldieroverseasbe cheerful- above" alt-else.Write as though he were in the nexttown on a business trip. Tell himhow the house and garden look, thesmall town happenings of cheerful interest, the talk of the neighbors, andwho has been the latest one to enlist,in fact, everything that will cheerhim. Don't tell him of your troubles he has plenty of his own. Becheerful!Mr. and Mrs. F. S. Elder receiveda letter Wednesday from their son,Thomas Elder, stating that he had arrived safely in France. He statedthat-all the Bourbon county boyswere well. - They were stationed afew jmiles from the battle front fromwhich they could see the flash of theAmerican artillery, which lit up theskies like a Fourth of July celebration. The roar of the big gunscould be plainly heard in their camp.One hundred skilled and unskilledlaborers, half of them ngroes, thisweek's recruits in the labor drive ofthe U. S. Emploment Service, left ina special car on the L. & N. railroadfrom Lexington, Tuesday, for CampKnox, Stithton, Ky. Recent reportsfrefn the government constructionwork at Camp Knox are that thebuilding and concreting now underway there will in all probability becompleted by December: This is dueto the hearty response of the laborersof the State, who are volunteeringtheir services in the TJnited StatesLabor Army at Camp Knox, officialsthere say.The Louisville Evening Post printsa half-tone picture of Irwin A. Burton, of Louisville, who is now inFrance as a member of the Quartermaster's Corps. Burton is the youngest brother of Mr. Frank Burton,of Ahearn & Burton, of Paris. Before enlisting in the army he wasemployed in the big plant of John P.Morton & Co., in Louisville, wherehe had charge of the department inwhich the Louisville & Nashville,railroad tariff sheets and other complicated tabulated forms were composed and printed. He was highlyregarded by tne Jo&n if. Morion yo.and was guaranteed his old positionwhen he returned from France.Burton i a son of Mr. and Mrs. T.M. Burton, of Louisville, and hasbeen in France since March.;Pursuant to instructions from theWar Department there .will be opened on December 1. at Camp Fremont,California, . an Infantry 'Officers'Training School, with .a. capacity for20.00Q. students, for tne purpose urturning out Second Lieutenants .forthe infantry service of the United-States army. Tne duration k tnecourse will be about two montns.m-hn, oHHWHfv rules are thesame asthose 'for' the -InfantryGeneral. Offi-Jeers' Training scnoois,- cxcyu-modified. AH draft' registrants between eighteen and' forty-six are eligible', exjtept " registrants- in-; Clas3One, who registered pYior to Septem.-'a 'i o . wuriaf rental in deferredIJC1 J-i " o" . ,.ioeiflM.tfnTis oni account or maus-WAR WORK CAMPjUGK GETnWfBEADY SOB BUSDfESSMr. Henry A. Power, of Paris, Dis-trict Chairman of the TJnitedT WarWork Campaign presedide at a preliminary meeting of the organization!for this district, held at the Y. M. C.A. building Tuesday evening. Tiemeeting was held for the purpose ofeffecting a permanent organizationfor this county to work in the comingcampaign for the week of November11-18. This county has been allotted the sum of $38,000, as its quota;to be raised in the campaign which isto tie conducted with Bourbon, Harrison, Nicholas and Fleming counties composing the Thirteenth District. Rev. J. W. Crates, of Carlisle, whohad just returned from the meetingof the national organization at Chicago, addressed the meeting. Hbrought a (message from John L. Mott,National Chairman. There will be nopostponement of the week's activitieson account of the influenza situation.The workers in the Fourth LibertyLoan campaign were added to the organization. Another meetings will beheld next Tuesday night at the Y.M. C. A., when all arrangements forthe drive will be completed.Those in attendance at Tuesday'smeeting were Chairman James McClure, Assistant Chairman JohnDavis, vice-Chairjman Dr. F. P. Campbell, secretary George Doyle, I. L.Pricer Edward Gorey, Rev. George R.Combs, John J. Williams, Prof. LeeKirkpatrick, Rudolph Davis, M. PealeCollier, Rev. R. C. Goldsmith, MissesImogene Redmon, Olivia Orr andLouie Bruer.COUNTY BOABD OF EDUCATIONTO MEET.There will be a meeting of theBourbon County B6ard of Educationat the office of County Superintendent J. B. Caywood, in the court house,Monday morning, at 9 rSO o'clock. Important business will come up forconsideration. "IThursday; formal application may bemade after arrival in Lexington; "three letters of recommendation arerequired; no telephone calls will beanswered. -CAPT. H. N. ROYDEN,Examining -Officer, Camp Buell, University of Kentucky, Lexington.Mr7 and Mrs. John Kiser hace returned from Ft. Thomas, where theywent to meet their sonr Lieut. AvonkiE. Kiser. Lieut. Kiser, who is in theMedical Reserve Corps of the army,was en route from the Gerat LakesTraining Station to Plattsburg, NewYork, from where he will likely gooverseas.Among recent visitors in Paris wasMr. Stanley Keller, of Lexington.Mr. Keller is Coxswain in the NavalTraining School at Great Lakes, HI.,and had been in Lexington, on a furlough. His father, Mr. Stanley Keller, was formerly editor of the Carlisle Mercury, and is now in the Revenue Collector's office in Lexington.Basil E. Hayden, son of Mr. andMrs. J. W. Hayden, of Paris, was called yesterday to Camp Buell, at Lexington, where he will begin a year'scourse in the Chemical Department.Young Hayden is a graduate of theParis High School, where he made afine record as a student, and is one ofthe most promising young men ofParis.Private Wm. Vice, of Harrisoncounty, died in the Base Hospital atCamp Sheridan, Alabama,, after ashort illness of influenza. The'bodywas sent to Cynthiana for intermentin Jtfattie urove uemeriery. roungVice was a brother of Mrs. ClarenceHill, of Parrish avenue, this city, andMrs. Jesse Cumber and Mrs. JosephCumber, both of Bourbon county.Mr. Glenn P. Shanklin, of Millersburg, who some time ago applied foradmission to' the Officers TrainingCorps, passed the physical examination successfully and will be assignedto the school at Camp Fremont, Cali.If Messrs. Morton and Bishop aresuccessful in the physical exaninations they will be called to report atthe Camp about Dec. 1, to work forcommissions at Lieutenants.Men of the new draft ages willfirst be mobilized in large numbers,early in November under a draft callnow in preparation. It calls 'for theentrainment of more than 3,(j0,000men qualified for general militaryservice. They will be furnished proportionate numbers by every Statethat the draft calls, suspended duringpctober because of the influenza,, epidemic,, have been renewed ad' entrainment of all men under th'ej October calls probably will be completedbefore the November quota Is'startedto the cantonments.Capt. Colliver C. Dawes,, formerlyof Paris, writes to friends that hcompany Is billeted in a place imbeautiful Southern France, where nosoldiers have been since tntLtime ofNapoleon. His men are well and arevery eager to finish up their Job amget back home. S'said iti was rumored in-'their capvth&t after the ,warthose who rwiaha-toTemain?and dbUniversity Work 'may o &, aad'tkatV:C3frisLl occupation 'or employment,"- ne mtenaea tohxkv- "V.- J I JlSmSltwy service. Rules -for exaiai DaW was 7 -&BHMESm" inltion-Dates--very.Modiy and sistnt 'fcfcretary of mjThM.C A.-LHiTWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.jFRIDAY, NOVEMBER 1, 1918.m BOURBON NEWSrtablished 188136 Years of Continuous PublicationJiblished Every Tuesday and FridayPr Year.. $2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in. Adavance.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(stored at the Paris, Kentucky,Poctofnce as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)Any erroneous reflection upon thefcbaracter, standing or reputation Otwmj person, firm or corporation whichwj appear in the columns of THEBOURBON NEWS will be gladly corVMted If brought to attention of theADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perImck for first time; 50 cents per inchMtek subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineaok issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on. candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andataflar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisesuits and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or otherMatter for publication.Announcements for political officesarast invariably be accompanied bythe cash.i? - This paper has enlistedWith the government in thecause of America for theperiod of the warEDITORIAL MUSINGS.! Boche Bullets Sammies Dive.A new story of the Americaniighting man's reckless disregard fordanger which it is one of the greatest-problemsof their officers to curbwaa brought to Paris (France) byWilbur M." Wilson, a Baptist clergyman, from Colorado, who went allthe way from Chateau Thierry toJFJames with a Pennsylvania regia&eet in the drive which began inJuln"With my own eyes," said Mr. Wilson, "I have seen American boyssteal out from the trenches to a frogpood in No Man's Land, calmly remove their uniforms and dive intothe cool waters with German snipersTttot a hundred years away in theirtrenches. The American boy appearsto be absolutely unafraid. The greaterthe number of casualties in his ownunit, the greater is his resolve tomake the Germans pay the price. Hisjoorale increases noticeably everytime a comrade falls with Germanbullets in his body."Mr. Wilson was in the front linesfor- two months, serving in the uniform, .off the Y. M. C. A. Many times,&e says, he drove iis truck ahead ofthe field kitchens and furnished hot4iiBks, smokes and sweets to . menwho had had nothing to eat for twodays .except their iron ration. FrancisB.-Bayje, President Wilson's son-in-law,was with him for two days northof Chateau Thierry. He is on his wayback to Ajmerica to aid in the United"War Work Campaign in which theY. M. C. A., Y. W. C. A., the Salvation. Army, National Catholic WarCouncil, Knights of Columbus, Jewish Welfare Board, the American Library Association and the War CampCommunity Service are co-operating.A Democratic Congress the SurestHope.The most nonsensical reason forthe election of a Republican Congressis made by the Kansas City Star, thepaper that pays Col. Roosevelt a largesum, for his mouthings against President "Wilson's conduct of the war. Itsays .that such result would be bestlor the country because a Republican1 Congress would support the President "enthusiastically" and criti-cise him "mercilessly." We have nota doubt that a Repblican Congresswould do. the latter, but there aregrave doubts that it would do theformer. The President can rely onlyon the enthusiastic support of hisraal friends. Therefore, it is theprtiOf wisdom to return a Democratic fn&jority to Congress and Ken--tuclfyjshould lead the van by electingifttahfey Senator and each of the nomlwstfor Congress. The latter havenever wavered in support of the administration and can be depended"mfcm.r to keep up the good work.T&ey. ?should be re-elected by increased majorities as a 'token of approbatfcm for.their course jLet jevery patriofrstamp under the rooster.FcimK JDcath; Seeks 'Religious Comfort. All those engaged in the common9ur9se,.ef making life a little easierItrdUM'fcpys-.attbe .front, a d in themp "at 'home and- supplying themwMfc-ieme of -the comforts that thejtrmy regulations do aot include, areworkiag as a harmo&ious unit andword has just been-received as tohow theseven greatforces for mercy,Y. M. C. A., Y. W. C. A., Knights ofColumbus, Jewish Welfare Board,American Library Association, WarCamp Community Service and theSalvation Army, are co-operating andworking together according to thedemands of the situation in hand.A Salvation Army officer reportsthat the doughboys enjoy and nowrequest meetings of the SalvationArmy sort, and that recently two officers of the Salvation Army in France,finding themselves without a place inwhich to hold a (meeting, were offereda nearby Y. M. C. A. hut. There theyconducted a real, old-time SalvationArmy meeting for the benefit of allthe boys, Protestants and Catholics,Jews and Gentiles. Similar instancesof co-operation are common amongthe established organizations inFrance, where Y. M. C. A. and K. ofC. secretaries pull together with theSalvation Army and Jewish agencies,and the byword of the allied soldiers,as well as the non-official welfaretoilers behind the lines, is merely"Win the War."PRESIDENT WILSON MAKESSINGING APPEAL.The ringing appeal of PresidentWilson to the people of the nation toreturn a Democratic majority to bothhouses of Congress and they by sustaining his leadership at this criticaltijme, must carry conviction and determination to every man sincefelyconcerned in winning the war. Anyother result, he says, would seriouslyimpair his power to administer thegreat trust imposed on him and beinterpreted abroad as a repudiationof his leadership is imperatively necessary and a Republican Congresswould divide it. On every occasionthat party has sought to take thechoice of policy and conduct of thewar out of his hands and in sundryways have tried to embarrass him. Hedoes not make the appeal for his ownsake, but that of the nation itself,in order that its onward unity of action may be evident to all the world.This is the time, he. says, for plaintalk, and he urges the people to express themselves in such a way thatthere can be no misunderstandingeither at home or abroad that theyare solid In his support. The President has already said in a dispatchto Rev. B. L. Miley, of Hickman, thathe "earnestly desires the election ofGov. Stanley and that he supposedhis whole-hearted support of him wasknown throughout Kentucky." Letevery man who sympathizes with thePresident in his great task hearkento his appeal and elect Gov. Stanleyand the Congressional nominees bymajorities that will prove to theworld their loyalty to the Presidentand the great party he represents.mm Vtt pH Wk HHBHMBACKING UP PROOFThe Kind That Paris People CannotDeny.Many an earnest Paris man or woman has publicly endorsed Doan'sKidney Pills.Week after week, month aftermonth you've read their statements.Would these Paris people recommend any medicine if it were notgood?Would they confirm and repeattheir statements after years hadpassed?Local proof is good evidence.Testimony confirmed years after isbetter evidence.The following Paris man's statement leaves no room for doubt.It must convince every kidney sufferer who reads it.If your back aches if you kidneysare weak, profit by the experience ofGeorge McCandles, second street.He says: "My kidneys were inactiveand I had backaches. Doan's KidneyPills put a stop to all the trouble andgave me complete relief."(Statement given January 17,1912.)NO TROUBLE SINCE.Over four years later, or on November 9, 1916, Mr. McCandles said:"I haven't had any need of a kidneyremedy since T- last endorsed Doan'sKidney Pills. I consider myself permanently cured."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. McCandles had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)ALLIED POBCES SMASH AUSTROHUNGRAIAN LINE.THE PIAVE, Oct 31. The last linesTHE PIAVE, Oct. 29. The last linesof the Austro-Hungarian resistanceon the central positions along thePiave River were broken to-day bythe British, French and Italianforces.CAN NOWEAT ANDCOMPORT.SLEEP INIf troubled with indigestion orsleeplessness you should read whatMiss Agnes Turner, Chicago, 111., hasto say: "Overwork, irregular mealsand carelsness regarding the ordinaryrules of health, gradually underminded it until last fall I became awreck of my forpner self. I sufferedfrom continual headache, was unableto digest my food, which seemed tolay as a dead weight on my stomach.I was very constipated and my complexion became dark, yellow; andmuddy as I felt. Sleeplessness wasadded to my misery, and I wouldawake as tired as when I went tosleep. I heard of Chamberlain's Tablets and found such relief after taking them that I kept up the treatmentfor nearly two months. They cleansed my stomach, invigorated my sys-tern, and since that time I can eat andsleep in comfort. I am to-day entire-ly well"(adv-oct)Uncle Sam is in need of 60,000men to cut 1,500,000,000 feet ' oflumber. This lumber is needed 5,lorbuilding, for saipyavds Aand also.' forpaper pulp manufacturers.DEFEAT WOULDHAMPER NATIONSAYS PRESIDENTDIVIDED CONTROL WOOLD SERIOUSLY INTERFERE WITHCONDUCT OF WAR.Washington. President WilsonIssued an appeal to the peoile to return a Democratic Congress in theNovember elections if they approve .ofbis course in this critical period.Following is the President's appeal :"My Fellow-Countrymen :4The Congressional elections are athand. They occur in the most criticalperiod our country has ever faced oris likely to face in our time. If yonhave approved of my leadership andwish me to continue to be your unembarrassed spokesman in affairs athome ami abroad, I earnestly beg thatyou will express yourselves unmistakably to that effect by returning a Democratic majority to both the Senateand House of Representatives."I am your servant and will acceptyour judgment without cavil, but mypower to administer the great trust as-President Woodrow Wlteon.signed me by he constitution wouldbe seriously impaired should yourjudgment be "adverse, and I must frankJy tell you so because so many criticalissues depend upon your verdict. Noscruple of taste must m grim timeslike these be allowed to stand in theway of speaking the plain truth.Divided Leadership."I have no thought of suggestingthat any political party is paramountin matters of patriotism. I feel toodeeply the sacrifices whih have beenmade in this war by all our dtizensirrespective of party affiliations to harbor such an idea. I mean only thatthe difficulties and delicacies of ourpresent task are of a sort that makesit imperatively necessary that the nation should give its -undivided supportto the government under a unified leadership and that a Republican Congresswould divide the leadership.Unity of Command."The leaders of the minority in thepresent Congress hare unquestionablyDeen pro-war, but they have been anti-administration. At almost every turnsince we entered the war tbey haysought to takechotae of .policy and theconduct of the war owf rf my handsand put it under the control ot instrumentalities of their own choosing."This is no time either for dividedcouncil or for- divided leadership.Unity of command is as necessary nowin civil action as it is upon the fieldof battle. If the control of the Houseand the Senate should be taken awayfrom the party now in power an opposing majority could' assume controlof legislation and oblige all action tobe taken amidst content and obstruction. Interpretation Abroad."The return of a Republican majority to either House of the Congresswould, moreover, be interpretative onthe other side of the water as a repudiation of my leadership. Spokesmen of the Republican party are urging you to elect a Republican Congress in order to back up and supportthe President, but even if they shouldin this impose upon some credulousvoters on this side of the water, theywould impose on no one on the otherside. It is well understood there aswell as here that the Republican leaders desire not so much to support thepresident, as to control mm."The people of the allied countrieswith whom we are associated againstGermany are quite familiar with thesignificance of elections. They wouldfind it very difficult to believe that thevoters of the United States had sochosen to support their President byelecting to .the Congress a majoritycontrolled by those who are in factnot in sympathy with the attitude andaction of tle administration."I need not tell you, my -f elkw-coun-tryroen,that I am asking your support,mot for my own sake or for the sakeof a political party, but for the sakof the nation itself in order that itsinward unity of purpose may be evident to all the world. In ordinary timesdivided counsels can be endured without permammt hurt to the country.But these are not ordinary times.'If in these critical daya it is yourwish to sustain me with undividedminds, I beg that you will say so -ina way which it will not be possible tomisunderstand either. atr ' home oramong our associates on the other aidsof the sea. I submit my difficulties;and my hopes to you.WBBrfwSL JHHK&lfs!KHJHVFORSAKEPure Duroc gilts. Will sell at reasonable price.E. P. PRICHARD,(tf) Paris, Ky.Old Hams For SaleA few choice two-year-old hamsfor sale.(dec25-3t-pd) CHARLTON CLAY.LOSTNear Paris, a hound bitch, white,with lemon spots; heavy with pups.Any information regarding same willbe appreciated or rewarded.O. L. STEELE,(29-tf) Phone 413, Lexington, Ky.Executor's Notice!All persons knowing themselvesindebted to the estate of the lateGeorge Rice are requested to settlewith the undersigned executor.Those having claims against theestate will please have same provenaccording to law and -present for payment. E. J. MARTYN,(oct29-3wks) Executor.Southdown SheepFor Sale.Sixty head of Southdown ewes, allgood ages.Also, a few yearling bucks andbuck lambs.J. H. THOMPSON,Cumberland Phone 256-W(oct25-3t)Found.On the Maysville pike, near theresidence of Mr. Jesse Turney, Sunday, a pair of gold-framed spectacles,in leather case. Owner can obtainthem by calling at THE NEWS office,proving property, and paying advertising charges.For RentCottage of four rooms on Winchester street. Has gas, electric lights,bath and all modern improvements.Apply toMRS. MARIA LYONS,(18-tf) No. 918 Main St.IRONWe pay highest prices for ironjunk, hides and wool.MUNICH & WIDES & CO.,Eighth St., Paris, Ky.,Cumb. Phone 374.(23-tf)LOSTA white pointer bitch, with tanears. Liberal reward for her return or information lading to her recovery. Notify Bush Bishop orErnest Martin. (ostl8-tf)PUBLIC SALEHorses, Wagons andFarm Implements.Having decided to replace myteams with motor trucks, I will offerfor sale at my stable on Nineteenthstreet, at 2 p. pn.,Saturday, November 24 extra good horses;1 seven-year-old mare;3 wagons;1 Deering mower;1 sulky rake;A lot of good wagon harness.FISHER TRANSFER CO.2t)Wanted Junk.We pay the following prices forjunk, which we guarantee the bestprices to be obtained anywhere inthe State. Send us four shipments:Rags, $3.60 per hundred pounds.Mixed Iron, $1.00 p per hundredpounds.Wrought Iron, $1.10 per hundredpounds.Heavy Cast, $1.10 per hundredpounds.Bones, $1.20 per hundred pounds.Heavy Copper, 23c per pound.Light Coppqr, 21c per pound.Mixed Heavy Brass,- 21c per pound.Light Brass, 12c per pound. 'Lead, 6c per pound.Zinc, 5c per pound.Aluminum, 24c per pound.Boots and Shoes, 7c per pound.Trimmed Arties, 5c per pound.Inner Tubes, lie,, per pound.Green Salt Hides, 18c per pound.Green Hides, 16c per pound.Calfskins, 27c per pound.Horse Hides, $6.50 for No; l's.Lambskins, $2.00.Full Wooled Sheepskins, $3.00.Shearlings, $1.50.We -also .purchase old and new,feathers, for which we pay the highest price. Send us samples. .SPEYER SON,Lexington, Ky..W1BUYOLD FALSE TEETHWe pay from $2.00 to $35.00 perset (broken or not.) We also payactual value for Diamonds, old Gold,Silver and Bridge-work. Send atonce by parcel post and receive cashby return mail.MAZER'S TOOTH SPECIALTYDept. X, 2007 So. 5th St.,Philadelphia, Pa.(U1129novF)Paris StudioAlbert d'SchfcuHaberstroTeacher of VoiceSTUDIOMrs. Frank Fithian's Residence. In studio Saturdays of eachweek, beginning; October 26th.For information addressMiss Anna Chandler GoffDirectorLexington College of MusicLexington, Ky.TREES!We grow a complete assortment of Fruit and ShadeTrees, Shrubs, Vines, Roses,Perennials, Evergreens, Asparagus In fact, "Everything forOrchard, Lawn and Garden." FREE CATALOG.H.F.Hillenmeyer&SonsLexington, Ky.NO AGENTS.IFiKssasajgiaggsTHE PENDLETON SHOPBSpecial DisplayofNew Blousesin Georgette and Crepe de Chine,Beaded and Wool Embroidery in thenewest models and colors.Smart Models with high necks.TJhe tPendleton Shop135 E. Main St.BIt is Time To Be Thinking AboutHeat For the WinterCOAJ- IS SCARCCYou will have to depend largely on gas. Wehave a full line of the celebratedWilsonGdoxless Heatersto select from, Start early.LOVR&MAYRlBest Canned Soupsper can 10cScudders Maple Syrupper half gal 1 .24Pancake Flourper package 15cIrish Potatoes 3cSweet Potatoesper pound 4cCabbageper pound 3 1-2cYork Imperial Applesper peck 65cGrimes Golden Applesper peck 90cNew Mince Meatper package 1 2cThis mince meat is sweetened ready for use. Seemy line of Pure Fruit Preserves. MRS. ELLIS'CASH AND CARRYGROCERYOpposite Court HouseffggsggfiimiiAetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityAnd OtherCasualtiesA. J. FEEAGENTHMLexington, Ky.gg3gMSnAPRIDAY, NOVEMBER i; 181f.THB B9UKB0N NEWB, FAKttl It,ISP"" p i"i ' uri'l I I ' T T- Tllllt(llltUFT OFF CORNS!Doesn't hurt at all and costsonly a few centsi.Magic! Just drop a little Freezoneon tlmt touchy corn, instantly it stopsgcbifig, then, you lift the com off withthe Sogers. Truly? No hmnhugt0Try Freezone! Your druggist sells atiny bottle for a few cents, sufficient torid your feet of every hard corn, softcom, or corn between, the toes, andcalluses, without one particle of pain,soreness or irritation. Freezone is thediscovery of a noted Cincinnati genius.HAYO BROTHERS CLAIM INFLUENZA SERUM PERFECTED.ST. PAUL, MINN., Oct. 31. Dr.William J. Mayo, advising the Boardof Regents at the University of Minnesota that the university should nothe opened to civilian students, in viewof the epidemic of influenza in theState, announced that a serum treatment has been perfected at the MayoInstitutional at Rochester that thusfar has prevented a single case ofpneumonia developing following attacks of the Spanish influenza."More than 1,000 cases have beentreated with the serum, and in nocase we know that had preventive inocculation has pneumonia developed'Dr. Mayo said. "We are not absolutely sure, except that we knowthe inocculation can do no harm."Referring to the possibility of theserum being used in the army barracks and elsewhere, Dr. Mayo saidthe Government probably will not beable to obtain the serum in quantities until the supply is developed. Hesaid the anti-pneumonia serum hadbeen combined with another preventive serum, and that the experimentsnow are being watched closely."Moreover," Dr. Mayo continued,"Spanish influenza is just the oldfashioned grippe, and should run itscourse in a month or a little more. Weare now in the second lap in thiscountry, and in a few weeks, weshould be clear of the epidemic."?5 Elr-LHKKH Hkh m taWto M Ml M M MM m W H MfffIILETTERS FROM BOURBON COUNTY JSOLDIERS AND SAILORStotototofetotototottotetoto1tomim'?totaiiltoJMr. Rene Clark, who enlisted inthe service and was sent to the GreatLakes Naval Training Station, hasbeen transferred to Hampton Roads,Va., where he is to be assigned to oneof Uncle Sapn's ships. In a recent letter to the NEWS, Mr. Clark says:"Hampton Roads, Va., Oct. 24."Dear NEWS: Uncle Sam has hada big game of checkers since I lastdropped you a line. He has movedme from Great Lakes, 111., to the Naval Base Hospital, at Hampton Roads,va 1 had the Spanish influenzafor about one week, but as the nursesand the corpsmen were very scarcetney kept me there for about fourweeks. During that tipne I had a veryunpleasant duty to discharge to thebest of my ability. I had to talk withtion where he will be thrown intovery little danger unless he is promoted, as I expect he will be verysoon."When I left the outfit it was backof the lines, about ten miles, restingbefore going into the front again.They have no doubt before this timebeen engaged with the enemy again,and I wait with impatience to hearwhat they have done, knowing thatthey can fight and are anxious to doso. We have not had a great manyhardships to undergo, and, of course,it is no hothouse life. There is dirtywork to be done, and our hoys aredoing their share, as we expect themto do. But they have lots of goodclothes, plenty of substantial food,all the equipment and ammunitionfellows who were delirious and on i that they want, and the support of athe verge of death. If someone wasn't j unified nation behind thepa. So youthere to talk to them they would get ' may see that there is very little toout of bed and run around in the want for, in war. Of course, theyCascarets BestFamily LaxativeHarmless to keep liver, bowelsand stomach clean, and4f cost only 10 centsward. Some of these fellows talked iand talked until the last breath had lleft their bodies. One fellow askedme to get his mother, and I had totell him that I would. I would getout of his sight and soon came back.During my absence he would forgethis (mother, and when I came in hewould ask me if I was the man whomade glass eyes. So many curiousthings clear up when a fellow is neardeath. It is an awful sight to seethe brave and willing sailors die, butonly God calls them."I am now in fine health, and aftersleeping in a bed for four weeks youcan imagine how glad I am to getback to my hapimock. It isn't homeuntil I get into the old hammock.Sometimes I get in and during thenight I get out and the next morningI am very stiff and sore from the fall.But, however, it all comes in theday's work in the navy. To-morrownight I shall swing up my hammockon the U. S. S. Kearsage. She is athird-class battleship and is a sistership to the U. S. S. Kentucky. Twocrews went out to the station to-day,one for the U. S. S. Kentucky, andone for the U. S. S. Illinois. I leavein the morning on a transport, therefore I expect to see Prance."How is the old town progressing?It must be going right along, as Ii read of the results of the 'FourthShot at Kaiser Bill.' Keep THENEWS going, and I am sure Pariswill 'go over the top' every time ineverything."Well, I must close and get somechow, or else I will starve. Hopingold Kentucky and Bourbon countywill roll up an overwhelming majority for the Fifth Liberty Loan, I am,"Yours for this war,"RENE CLARK.,"Unit B., Co. 160, U. S. Naval Operating Base, Hampton Roads, Va."Feel grand! Be efficient! Cleanyour torpid liver and sluggish bowels with good, harmless CascaretsThey don't gripe or sicken. Giveyour insides a ood cleaning and-ridyourself of headaches, bilious spells,dizziness, sallowness, bad breath,stomach sourness, 'gases, etc. Cheerup! Get a 10-cent box from any drugfctore. Also best cathartic for bilious,constipated children tastes likecandy, but never fails. Cascaretswork while you sleep.(adv)? Hr Wr -Six thousand five ' hundred andthirty women are holding sixty-onedifferent classes of jobs on the Pennsylvania railroad lines east of Pittsburg.First Lieutenant Philip T. Williams, a -native of Greensburg, Ky.,who is a personal friend of Sergt-Maj.Earl Curtis, of Paris, now in France,has written to Mr. H. C. Curtis, ofthis city, enclosing a postcard photoof Sergt-Maj. Curtis. The photo showsSergt. Curtis standing in front of a"dugout" with another officer. Lieut.Williams, in his letter to Mr. Curtis,said, in part:"It is with a great deal or pleasurethat I take advantage of this opportunity to write you and enclose amH from vour son. who is now inFrance, and is the Regimental Segt-.Major of my tormer regmiju w.trusted this card to pnejn the hope,that I might get a chance to see you,and tell you some of the things thathe is not permitted to write you, butthat is neither here nor there. Infact I could not feel free to tell youmuch of it even if it were possible tosee you."Our regiment has been m onescrap with almost no casualties.Earl is well, and is contented and ashappy as any healthy, red-bloodedAmerican can be away from home,and is fortunate in being in a posi-every one want to get back home,but not before this little show overthere is finished."The French people show us everycourtesy, and try to make is asagreeable as possible for us. At thesame time they very cheerfully relieve us of any surpuls money wemay have on our persons, using forbait their wines, all of which are ofquestionable quality, since the American has done his best to drink upall the old vintage. In fact, you maygo into a town to-day and get a verygood wine for perhaps four fanesand the next day (Americans beingpresent) the price will unaccountably have risen to ten or twelvefrancs, and perhaps the test willshow 90 water. We look at this asindustry and fair bargaining. Itsimply means a little less wine and amuch better American soldier."The Red Cross, Y. M. C. A., K.of C. and the Salvation Army do allthey can to make the men comfortable and to furnish them with theplace and material for writing home.Also, they are on the job with tobacco, candy and little delicacies thatgo far toward making a man satisfied. "What I have said has not beensaid to belittle the danger that oursoldiers undergo, nor the braverythat they have shown at every opportunity, but to impress upon you thesplendid use that has been made ofthe funds that the Government andthe charitable institutions alliedwith our Government in this greatcause have spent in this huge enterprise. "Our troops have had a great number of casualties, perhaps because oftheir great impetuosity and the absolute absence of fear, but they aregiving thepnselves to a great ideal,and none of them are afraid to die.The wounded men have the greatestdesire imaginable to get back intothe scrap and get even with the Hunthat had the nerve to take a potshot at him. But most frequently itis a machine gun or a shell that getsour men, for we are not fighting theGermans, but we are fighting themachines of the Germans, whichtakes only the more bravery becausethe joy of personal combat is notthere."I have been ordered to Camp Logan, Texas, as an instructor, and, inall probability, will not be able tosee you, but it is a great pleasure to-write -to the iather or one or ourightirrg "men on. the other side, especially when "that fighting man is areal, ma-my, uyoLimumB, .,fine soldier as I know Sergt-Maj. EarlCurtis to be."Yours truly,"PHILIP J. WILLIAMS,"First Lieutenant 143d Infantry."SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comfefs and Gtfnci- of OurPeople. Here, There aadElsewhere.Mrs. Jerry Keller has returnedfrom a visit to friends in- Richmond.Miss Kate Alexander was aguest of friends recently in Richmond. Mr. Japnes Engleman of the A.J. Winters Co., attended the fueraland burial of Mrs. Clay Davis, inStanford.Mr. J. S. Haskins and familyhave removed from their farm nearAusterlitz to apartments in the Robneel Plat.Mrs. Helen Crosthwaite, of Kansas City. Mo., and Mrs. Jos. D.Crosthwaite, of Birmingham, Ala.,are guests of the Misses Lilleston, onHiggins avenue.Mrs. John Pridemore is very illwith influenza at her home nearHutchison. Her daughter, Mrs. W.C. Ferguson, of Atlanta, Ga., hasarrived at the bedside of her mother.Mrs. William Burchfleld, of Vincennes, Indiana, formerly Miss LouiseBashford, of Paris, is visiting hersisters, Mrs. Henry A. Power andMiss Mary Bashford, in this city.Mr. J. P. Wagoner, son of Mr.and Mrs. H. M. Wagoner, of nearParis, is a patient at the Massie Memorial Hospital, where he recentlyunderwent an operation for appendicitis. Mr. and Mrs. H. B. Deyodo, whohave been guests of Mr. and Mrs.John B. Northcott, in Paris, havegone to Pittsburg, Pa., to visit relatives before returning to their homein Perry, Ohio.Mr. Fred Legg has returned tohis home in Cincinnati after a visitto his sister, Mrs. Frank Trisler andMr. Trisler, on Eighth street. Mr.Legg will leave next month for overseas duty "in the service."Mrs. Charles R. Alexander is apatient at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in Paris, suffering from. pneumonia. Mr. Alexander and two"daughter, Eolise and Eugenia Alexander, are also ill at their home onParrish avenue.(Other Personals on Page 5)A BEAUTIFUL WOMAN"TT,gr,T"-TrTTT"M " r" "WK'TKli!a11 V' "jflP. I 'r 1 v. vv ft t k w Nalfci J V"V IK fQ T """ - TVURTHMCttfc-HMTDo you know that a beautiful woman always has a good digestion? Ifyour digestion is faulty, eat light ofmeats, and take an occasional dose ofChamberlain's Tablets to strengthenyour digestion. Price 25c.(adv-oct)The Autumn Wei worths AreHere and the Price isStill UnchangedHere's an announcement of which we are justly proud,for it evidences many things about which a real servicegiving store has a right to feel proud.First, it stresses the point that we will keep prices aslow as we can as long as we can.Second, it proves the benefit to the consumer of ourintimate co-operation with worthy manufacturers.Thirdly, it exemplifies a style service, which brings usthe new styles first, the same styles on the same day asthey first appear in the recognized style centers of thecountry.These Welworths are still priced at$2.00. They now and for manymonths past have represented valuesthat would warrant a much higherprice. Before the end of the present year the price must inevitablybe increased to $2.50.WE ARE SOLE DISTRIBUTORS FOR THIS CITY OFTHE WELWORTH AND WIRTHMOR THE THRIFTBLOUSES OF AN ENTIRE NATION.y iiiiiiiniiniiinHiiiiii'iiii' !I The J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMERSParis Ky.BEEAKS A COLD INJUST A EEW HOURS'Tape's Cold ComTWund" Ends GrippeMisery Don't StayStuffed-up!You can end grippe and break upa severe cold in head, chest, hody orlimbs, by taking a dose of "Pape'sCold Compound" every two hours until three doses are taken.It promptly opens clogged-up nostrils and air passages in the head,stops nasty discharge or nose runjiing, relieves sick headache, dullness,feverishness, sore throat, sneezing,soreness and stiffness.Don't stay stuffed-up! Quit blowing and snuffling! Ease your throbbing head nothing else in the worldgives such, prompt relief as "Pape'sCold Compound," which costs only afew cents at any drug store. It actswithout assistance, tastes nice, andmanses no inconvenience. Be sureHELP FILLTHE DEMAND FORTRIED WOMENBy enrolling at once for our complete Business Course. PugazziGraduates are always in demand,and the supply is much less than thisdemand.We court a thorough investiga-tion.Send for free Booklet, "The Fugazzi Way Leads to The Highest Positions." Day or Night Classes. SpecialCoaching given candidates for CivilService.Write, phone or call at school forfull information.Fugazzi School ofBusinessEfficiency is Our WatchwordMiss Irene Fuzazzi, Principal.Mrs. L. V. Jones, Asst. Principal.118 N. Upper St.. Second Moor,Lexington. Ky.WOLF, WILE COLEXINGTON, KY.TO THEyou get the genuine.f Ta Tsa(adv)Mainand SixthStreetsDay phone 36Nlsht t . - 56or Home 286Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.TUEKEY WANTS OUT OF WASGAME.LONDON, October 31. Turkeyhas independently presented t!peaceproposals to the Entente nations, according to a report from Constantinople forwarded by the correspondentat Copenhagen of the Exchange Telegraph Company. The negotiationsare expected to end soon, it is added.Special Attentionis called to ourShoeDepartmentFARMERSof Bourbon Countyfe 1H1 IB!' 4S-1-- " 1 on ine uenxei atf 1 1 HI ft Hill I'M 1 1 H 1 I'll HI 1 1 1 1 1 1 HI tt Ull ! place in the hair.SINCERE GRATITUDEMrs. William Bell, Logansport,Ind., writeB: "I deem it my duty toexpress my gratitude for the goodChamberlain's Colic and DiarrhoeaRemedy did me when I had a severeattack of diarrhoea three years ago.It was the only medicine that relieved me."(adv-oct)flfc Wft HiPatentsjhave,been gra-nted for 'athre'e-pointed. Jiairpin, protuberanceson the center point noicung it mYou will be pleased with themany different styles, etc., inblack, tan, mahogany and mousecolor.$3.00$4.50$5.00$6.00$6.50JTwin Bros.r C, Department StoreMain and 7th Paris, Ky.We Invite All Farmers ofBourbon County to See fthe WonderfulGLEVELA1NDTRACTORIf you. are interested in better and.more economical farming, come inand see what tnis little wonderis doing forothers.We Can Demonstrateit to You Any DayC. S. BALL GARAGECor. Fourth and Pleasant St. .', fSffifcI1XIIIIIXIXI1XIXIX1XX1XIXX1XIXihF;14fya,5SMrv.-? -y v-?-tut tn js-.THE BODRNcMpRAMfTOT.-5LDEATHS.TALBOTT.A beautiful young life, onefraught ytiih. many possibilities forhappiness, both, to those she lovednd to ''the community in general,went out into the Great Boyondshortly afternoon. Tuesday, when the!spirit o Mrs. Elizabeth Hinton Talbott, went to its Maker.Day by day, when the seriousnessof Mrs. Talbott's illness becamemanifest, there was a steady streamof inquiries from all over the cityand county, showing the strong holdwhich this young woman had takenin the love and affection of the people. With a disposition such as hersit could not have well been, otherwise.IFor days her life hung in the balance, while all that loving handsould do. with the help of physicianswho ministered to her day and night, Iwas done to stay me nana vl ea.iBut the disease which had fastenedupon her had gained too strongliold, and, despite her determinedresistance, conquered in the strug'-"ie.In the death of Mrs. Talbott thecommunity fully and keenly realizesa sense of personal loss. She was atrue friend, and her devotion to-those she loved would make a brightchapter in any life. Nothing but thethought of the loving hand that hasremoved her can reconcile the husoand, the father, and those relativesand friends to whom her life was an-undisguised blessing. While she hasgone from the scenes, the conflicts,the sorrows, the pleasures of life, shewill still live in the hearts of thosewho knew her best. Her retiring nature led her to hide the best qualities from public gaze, yet it was inlier home that her true worth wasjmost conspicuous. She was a kindand loving daughter, and her devotion was limited only by her physical restrictions. Nature blessed herwith a lovely voice, which had beencarefully trained, and which she usedfor the pleasure and benefit of herfriends, and in. the church worshipof the Christian church, of which she"had long been, a devoted member.Mrs. Talbott, who was in her twenty-thirdyear, was the eldest daughter of Mr. Edward T. Hinton, of thiscity, her mother having preceded herto the grave many years ago. She issurvived by her husband, Mr. Wm.M. Talbott, who is ill of influenza atthe family home; her father, Mr. Edward T. Hinton, and one sister, MissElmeta Hinton; by her maternal andpaternal grandfathers, former JudgeJ Harry Brent, and former MayorJohn T. Hinton, of Paris. Mrs. Talbott was a niece of Hugh I. Brent,Wm. O. Hinton, Albert Hinton andHon. Claude M. Thomas, all of Paris,John T. Hinton, Jr., of Huntington,West Virginia, and Mrs. Mary BrentChambers, of Louisville.Her breath went out like the exhalation of a sweetly fragrant minionof the woodlands, and in her stead isleft only a holy and beautiful memory, xv memory that will last andsanctify longer man tne span ui um .lives "God touched ner wita tibfingers and she slept," but not untila beautiful life had been lived. Andnow that she sleeps the sleep ofDeath, memory takes up the harp oflife, and, smiting the strings, Antethat her virtues melt into music likethat of Tier glorious young voice."Mourn not the lost.a realms of changeless blisstta whn beholds our sadness,Fond hearts will unite again."The funeral was held Wednesdayafternoon at 3:30 o'clock. Serviceswere conducted at the grave in theParis Cemetery by Rev. W. E. Ellis,pastor of the church to which herlovely life had been devoted. Rev.Ellis paid a beautiful tribute to thelife and" character of Mrs. Talbott,after which the body was consignedto its last resting place, under amound of flowers that attested bytheir sweet fragrance the sympathyand love of ner friends. Mrs. MacieWhite Fithian sang a beautiful solo,"In A Garden."The pall-bearers were A. L. Boatright, W. H. Whitley, Claude M.Thomas, Varden Shipp, Albert Hinton, Hugh Brent, Dr. H. E. Fosterand Dr. J. M. Williams.ily had Men living -in - PAris sinceAugust.The funeral and burial took placeat Curry, in Harrlspn. county Tuesday afternoon. Mr. Blackburn had:been &.imember of the Giirfcy' churchtor several years.COX.. , rADf MEMORY OP Mt&EHZABETHHIHTOH TALBOTT.The following beautiful tribute toMrs. Elizabeth Hinton. Talbott, wasdelivered, at the funeral Wednesdayafternoon by Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastorof the Paris Christian church. Theytypify the beautiful life of this popu-The body of Edward Cox, aged j ar young young woman, whose pass-about thirty years, who died at theMassie Memorial Hospital, in Paris,Tuesday morning, of influenza, wassent to Morehead, Ky.. Wednesday.Cox was a native of Elliott county.The body was taken from the institution to the Geo. W. Davis undertaking establishment and prepared forburial. Morehead .being the nearestpoint to his former home the bodywas shipped there.Cox was employed on the Xalapafarm of Mr. Edward Simms, on theNorth Middletown pike, near Paris.He was stricken with the diseasewhile at work, and was removed tothe Massie Hospital. He is survivedby his widow and four children.BRAMEL.The body of Dan Bramel, L. &engineer, who died in Latonia, Monday,' of influenza, was"' 'brought toParis, Wednesday, for interment inttie Paris Cemetery. ' Short ' serviceswere conducted at the grave by Rev.R. C. Goldsmith, pastor of the ParisBaptist church, followed by commUtal services by representatives of theK. of P. lodge, of which he was amember.Mr. Bramel was a son of. Mr. Robt.L Bramel. He is survived by hiswidow, two little children, two sisters, Mrs. J. H. Gardner, of Paris,and Mrs. C. D. Wright, of Piqua, Robertson county, and one brother, Mr.Edward Bramel, who is a patient atthe Massie Memorial Hospital, inParis, an influenza sufferer.TS R& 1QCUT FLOWERS.Choice cut flowers in bunches ordesigns for funerals, weddings, socialevents, the sick or any purpose whereflowers may be used. Prompt attention given all orders whether largeor small.JO. VARDEN,(22-tf) Florist Agent.is ?s ttaB-4 FIREInsure withW.O. HINTON &SON,AgtsT5l IS &FIRE BREAKS OUT IN U.CHEMICAL FACTORY.S.Fire followed by a few explosionsof minor character destroyed thechloride distilling building at the$3, 000, 000 Government chemicalplant at Kingsport, Tenn., Wednesday night, but so far as was reportedthere was no loss of life. The damagewas estimated at more than ?100,000. The origin of the blaze has notbeen determined, according to therather meager reports received.T55-55 HFRIDAY, NOVEMBER 1, ISIS,HCJ .1 KlJ&yQFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.PANETSOS.Angele Panetsos, aged twentyJive, who for some time conducted theCity Restaurant in the FordhamHotel building in this city, died inMiddlesboro recently, after a brief illness of pneumonia.Mr. Panetsos was a native ofGreece, and came to Paris severalyear ago from Lexington, where heliad been in the restaurant business.He bought out the City Restaurant,which had previously been conductedby Mr. James Pappas, and formed apartnership with Mr. John Tunis,who is now in business in Danville.The restaurant enjoyed an excellentpatronage for some time, but businessreverses coming on, it was closed out.Mr. Panetsos went to Lexington,where-" lor a time he was with theCity Restaurant and the MetropolitanRestaurant. From there he went toMiddlesboro, where he was engagedin the same business. A cold contracted several days ago developedinto pneupionia, causing his death.Mr. Panetsos was well-liked here,being ofc a jovial disposition, andmade many friends who regret hispaesingway. He was a nephew ofGus Vermillion, of Lexington."t BLACKBURN.Fred G. Blackburn, fireman onthe Louisville & Nashville, died at hisIiome on. Parrish avenue, in Paris,Sunday night, of pneumonia. Hewas a son of Robert and Ada Blackburn, and was born in Harrisoncounty October 15, 1895. His fatherdied in ,1912. His mother, who sarTives him, still resides near Cynthiaas. "Mr. Blackburn was married inIf 13 to Miss Nina Kearns, of Harri, oa county, who survives, with threesmall children. He is also survivedTy one brother, Lawrence Blackburn,And one sister, Mrs. Barney Northcutt, of 'Harrison county.' The .fam-REAL ESTATE DEALSMr. Charles E. Butler, of Paris,recently purchased of W. E. Vest andJ. A. Whitaker, a farm near Verona,in Boone county, containingacres. Mr. Butler paid $11,750 forhis purchase. He will get possessionin March.Through the Paris Realty Co., Mr.Henry Sledd, of Nicholas county,purchased of Roscoe Carmichael, afarm on the Steele pike, near Paris,containing forty-seven acres, forwhich he paid $275 per acre. Mr.Sledd will be given possession of theplace in March.Mr. George Smith, of Versailles,purchased of Mr. Newton Bishop, recently of Bourbon county, a tobaccobarn and lot in Versailles, for 51,125.Mr. Bishop sold his Woodford countyfarm a few weeks ago for a goodprice.Eals & Harney, real estate agents,of Cynthiana, sold for W. J. Barr hisBourbon county farm, near Ewalt'sCross Roads, to Mr. Louis Fritz, ofHarrison county, at a private price.Through the W. H. Railey realestate agency, of Lexington, Mr. C.H. James, of Paris, recently purchased of P. H. Carver, a farm of 113acres, located on Glemet Creek, inEstill county, for a private price.fe fe feASSESSOR'S BOOKS TOCLOSE.The Assessor's books will beclosed on November 1st. Comesn and give your lists off polland property taxes.WALTER CLARK,Tax Commissioner.JNO. J. REDMON, Deputy.JS Us HiTO NURSES AlO) OTHER REDCROSS WORKERS.'1 All colds, however slight,should be treated as possible attacksof influenza. Patients affected bycolds should, stay at home and sterilize discharges from nose and throat.2 Avoid feeling or spreading fearof the disease.3 Avoid crowds.4 Regulate bodily functions andkeep them so.5 Avoid the breath or. expelled secretions from people suffering fromcolds.6 Wash out the. nose and throattwo or three times daily by a nasalspray or douche and by a gargle witha "normal salt solution" (one-halfteasp'oonful salt to one glass (8ounces) clean water.7 All those in attendance on patients with influenza should wearmasks such as are provided by theRed Cross Nursing Bureau.8 Clothing should be warpn anddry. Food simple and easily digested. Drink water freely.WM. R. LINCOLN,$ , Medical Adviser.ing away has laid a heavy pall ofgrief 'and sorrow upon relatives andfriends:"We have just watched a beautifulvoyager 'on life's sea pass safely intoport. The sails, despite all the experiences of wind and weatner, areas white as when given to the breezewhen first it was launched upon thesea of time. The cargo is rich andabundant. No port has been touchedin all this voyage but has yieldedsomething to the precious freightageof this queenly ship. At every port,to every ship saluted on this greatsea of time, something has been given,of rich supply and, giving, has always enriched and never impoverished. The voyage has sometimes beenagainst the current and the tide, butthe beautiful voyager has beenstaunch and true, and never truerspirit held the wheel."But at last the voyage is ended,and the -queenly voyager has anchored in the peaceful harbor amidst thetriumphant shout of the great crowdof witnesses that welcomed her intothat peaceful haven of eternal rest.No more lashing of the waves of care,no more tossing to and fro by adversewinds, no more giving of her richsupply to her fellow-voyagers on life'ssea, but all is calm and beautifulnow, and the moanings of the1 sea oflife have changed into the sweetmusic of the choir invisible."How queenly has been this voyager. How thoroughly equipped forthis perilous voyage, how perfectlyshe has sailed the sea of life. Howgracefully she has glided into theharbor of safety. And now that sheis safely anchored in that peacefulhaven, what blissful rest in sweet repose in the arms of the infinite loveof Him who is the Master of theseas."This is the impression that thelife of this beautiful girl, so pure,and blessed and sweet, has made onmy mind."I think of her as having gone justa little way from us, and, oh, how welong to follow her into her new home,to inquire into her new life and tofind in what her .new happiness consists. For the spirit would never become quite so near to us and so realto us as when we follow into it ourloved ones and sympathize with themin the improvements and the enjoyments of that blessed life."What a delicate refinement washers, and how tenderly she felt forthose she loved. What goodness,what purity, what sympathy, whatintensity of love she ever manifestedfor her loved ones. And with it allhow gentle and sweet and lovely. Inher home she silently spread aroundher that soft, pure light, the beautyof which is never fully known, untilit is gone."How she will be missed from thecircle in which she moved. What tender services she has rendered to theMaster in the use of her beautifulvoice which God had given her forministry. In the social circle, in convention hall, in the church of God,and by the open grave she has usedthat sweet voice to soothe and comfort the hearts of thousands and stirand cheer the hearts of thousandsmore."Wlint p hpniiHfiil snirit she Viflri.j11 'There was a cheerfulness and sunshine of soul that made her so attractive, and gave to her a sacred, placein the hearts of others. There was adelicacy of feeling and a sympathy ofheart that gave to her the power tocommunicate with ease and interestthe feelings of her own soul, and ledher to minister to every cry of need.How gentle, how tender, how 'living.Life was sweet to her and the worldwas beautiful. ' She loved childhoodand flowers and sunshine and songand everything that made for happiness and good cheer. Her heart wasfull of generous impulses,- noble aspirations and unselfish devotion."How soul-inspiring it is to contemplate the transformation of sucha soul in the presence of Jesus, witha new reception of his spirit, and anew compensation of his mind, sothat she can enter into His vast Godlike thoughts and associate with Himin the great ends for which he lives,with an unending admiration and animmortal grandeur of love."What must be the felicity of thatworld into which she has gone wheresouls are free from selfishness, openas the day, thirsting for new truth,free from all sin, and communicatingthemselves with the freedom of perfect love a communion marred byno passion, chilled by no reserve, depressed by no consciousness of sin,and overflowing with innocent joya communion where perfect beingsgive familiar utterance to their divinest inspirations and where theswellings of an unconfined sympathyand love is unending."The beautiful life is ended here,but the blessful immortality continues over there. Our loved one is atpeace with God. She has just goneon before. One by one we shall soonfollow on. She has gone to join thechoir invisible and add to the musicof the angelic chorus. But she leavesa rich heritage in the memory. 6t herbeautiful life of unselfish devotion."Sure when thy gentle spirit fledTo realms beyond -the azure dome,With outstretched arms and angelssaid. Welcome to Heaven, Home, SweetHome."5!aHIH(FC0ram0HS IN 3QU1-' BOH COUHTYs .'iEtaritffirs have -been taking advantage of 'the weather conditions for 'husking corn," hoping' not to get-,caught like they did last season,'when much of the corn, was notshucked and cribbed until after theChristmas holidays on account of the-bad weather conditions.They are also rushing the work onstriDPing tobacco, while the season isgood for that kind of work. Many-iof them, however, are taking the .weed from the tiers to the strippingroom, as they are afraid to bulk iton account of the sap that has not ,dried, out of the stalk, fearing itwould mold when bulked.' Other phases of farm work are toeing rushed along, in anticipation ofthe near approach of bad weather, 'which would necessarily retard the .work. Labor has not been any too jplentiful, the draft service in the ,army having made serious inroads on jthe ranks of laborers, especially on.,the farms. Good prices are ruling. ISeveral Paris men who have been in jlines of business that have been clos- jed by the influenza scare, have goneto stripping tobacco, in order to utilize their spare time.'- - xr- hi', et ---..,,,. .... - J. I " fl1 -. KiF? .A M PC & ra&in.. ff--, .'-s -5- T.-- - ' - -vx;CUT FLOWERS.Choice cut flowers in bunches ordesigns for funerals, weddings, socialevents, the sick or any purpose whereflowers (may be used. Prompt attention given all orders, whether. largeor small.JO. VARDEN,(22-tf) Florist Agent.BS ! isWoman's test of patriotism andsuffering will come when the Governmet puts out the , standardizeduat at-3.ya, .. ' V4lLADIES' OUTFITTERSZi5 :.:- itjrj !..,TS 3 aSTATE HEALTH BOARD ORDERAPPLIES TO COUNTY, TOO.Notice to the Citizens of of BourbonCounty:The order of the State Board ofHealth of October 6, closing allchurches, theatres and other places ofpublic assembly, public funerals, etc.,throughout Kentucky, is absolutelymandatory until the influenza epidemic is over.To correct any misapprehensionthat may exist, attention is directedto the fact that all orders apply tothe country as well as to the towns.C. G. DAUGHERTY,C. B. SMITH,SILAS EVANS,County Health Officer,GEORGE BATTERTON,Ex-Officio Member.Bbourbon County Health Board, Oct.22, 1918.(oct22-4t)lgs 1gJ SNOTICE TO TURKEY RAISERSThe Food Administration hasissued the following to dealersIn turkeys:"Refrain from purchasingturkeys intended for Thanksgiving markets for shipmentEast after November 16th. Turkeys for shipment to pointsEast must be loaded and readyfor shipment not later thanTuesday. November 19th."To comply with these ruleswe will be compelled to commence receiving turkeys aboutNovemer 5th.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(oct25-3t)- IS TE3 J5S"BAC TO SCHOOL" DRIVE STAT-' ED BY LABOR BUREAU.jWith the view of inducing: childrenof school age to keep on with theirstudies instead of going to work, a"Back to School" drive has beenstarted by the Children's Bureau ofthe? Department of Labor. The drivewill be conducted through the childconservation section of the Council ofNational Defense and committees willWe Are Now ShowingOUR NEWBALL LINESinMisses' and Ladies'Silk, Serge and JerseyDRESSESMisses' and Ladies'SUITSChildren's, Misses' and Ladies'COATS -Ifrank :;& CO.be appointed in each of the 281,000schools of the country.Investigations of the Children'sBureau have shown that large numbers of children are leaving schoolsto take advantage of the high wagesnow being paid, instead of studyingto train themselves to fill the manyskilled positions which will be openafter the war. The drive has beenplanned to counteract this tendency.Recognizing that the wages of children are needed in many cases tosupplement the fajmily income, arrangements have been made by thebureau with the Red Cross to helpthe child stay in school.te ?sa &&INSURE YOUR TOBACCO.Insnre your tobacco in thebarn against fire, wind-storm,etc. We settle quick.Thomas, Woodford & Bryani-jVVictor RecordsFor Novemberfc9ai18407. everything is Peaches Down in GeorgiaAmerican Quartet. Carolina, I'm1 Coming Back to You Peerless Quartet.10-inch. List price 85c.18502. That Soothing Serenade Henry Burr. On the LevelYou're a Little Devil Helen Clark-Henry Burr. 10-inlist price 85c. '18506. Oh! How I Wish I Could Sleep Until My Daddy ComesHome-Henry Burr. There's Nobody Home But MeCharles Hart. 10-in., list price 85c.18507. Hindustan (Fox Trot, for dancing);' 'N' Everything(Fox Trot, for dancing) -Joseph C. Smith's Orchestra.10-m., list price 85c.18507. Sabre and Spurs March; Solid Men to the Front March-Sousa's Band. 10-in., list price 85c.18501. CohenGets Married (Humorous Monologue). Cohen onHis Honeymoon (Humorous Monologue) Monroe Silver10-in., list price 85c.45155. SmilesLambert Murphy. ' The Radiance in Your EyesKemald Warrenrath. 10-in,, list price $1.00. , '88596 (Amelita Galli-Curci, Soprano; Giuseppe de Luca, TenorTi .tt?11 L Trayiata-Imponete (Now Command Me)(Act II)-Verdi. 12-in., list price $3.00.64768 (Philadelphia-Orchestra, Leopold Stokowski, Conductor.)Peer Gynt Suite No.-1 Anitra's Dance-Edvard Grieg.10-m., list price $1.00... " V V -64790 (Mabel Garrison, Soprano; in French)! Le Coq d'Or-Hymne au Soleil (The Gold Cockerel Hymn to the. bun) Rimsky-Korsakow. 10-in. , list price $1. 00.iDAUGHERTYFIFTH AND MAIN STREETS-:iSSLFRIDAY, QME JL918.rrv '' ct?iAffiibJilS'a ri,THE BOURBONaMae-J-.maMMMjjjmgdkt3Er7cXmfXJR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEFOURTH LIBERT? LOANPayments on the Fourth Liberty Loan Bonds are now due.Please call and settle promptly.PEOPLE DEPOSIT BANK &TRUST CO. (tf)TQ Ha T&DRIED FRUITS.Tew fall shipment of Dried Fruitsiust received, such as Peaches,prunes, Apples, etc. Phone in yourorders.(lt) C. P. COOK.AGENCY CHANGES HANDS.jlr. Harry Ogle has" taken theagency for the Louisville Courierjournal, which has heretofore beenon sale at the Ardery Drug Co.'s.The paper will be on sale each day atBaldwin Bros.' grocery, corner ofMain and Seventh streets, and onSunday at the Longo fruit stand, onMain, between Seventh and Eighthstreets.1S& IB& 91 -SUES SON-IN-LAW POR DAMAGESSuit for $10,000 damages, allegedohave been sustained as the resultof an automobile accident, has beenfiled in the office of Circuit ClerkWm. H. "Webb, against Dr. J. W. MeDane, colored physician, by his mother-in-law,Mrs. Susan Helpen.In her petition Mrs. Helpe-n allegesthat while she was out riding withDr. Mebane the automobile turnedturtle. She was thrown out on theground and her hand and wristcrushed to such an. extent that herarm had to be amputated.fe 15aSPECIAL REGISTRATION FIGURESIn view of the approaching Stateelection, voters who did not get toregister on the regular registrationdays, filed their affidavits in theoffice of County Clerk Pearce Paton,Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday.On the first day, Monday, the registration was as follows: Democrats 23, Republicans 1, Independents 1. On Tuesday, the second day,the figures were as follows: Democrats 28, Republicans 2. On "Wednesday, the closing day, the figureswere as follows: 39 Democrats, making a total for the three days of ninetv Democrats.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL,Collars, Md Goikgs of OurPeople Herei There and,. Elsewhere.NEW ORDER LIMITS DELIVERYOP GOODS.,Next Monday, November 4, a newmling recently promulgated by thePood Administration regarding deliveries of goods by merchants of Paris,will become effective. This ordr,according to report, will make it mandatory on the pierchant to deliver allgoods to the consumer on " the dayfollowing the receipt of the order.In no event can deliveries of goodshe made the same day the order is received. The order from the Stateand County Food Administratiors was:ead at a recent meeting of the retailmerchants of Paris.15a fe "MILITARY EaUIPMENT.You'll find here a well stockedmilitary department, where you mayprocure suitable gifts for the soldier"boys.J. W. DAVIS & CO.N0TE& MOM e THE KBHTUCKEP:!, OILEffiIiD6;j :f- Qol. and Mrs. E. P. Clay left yesterday for Eustis, Florida, to spendthe winter.Mr. J. M. Wills, who has spentthe summer in Saskatchewan, Canada, xon the big wheat andflax ranche of E. F. Spears & Sons,of Paris, has returned to this city.Mr. Clell E. Turney is seriouslyill at hisjhome onthe Maysville pike,near Paris, with pneumonia. Mrs.Turney, who has been very ill withgrippe, was somewhat improved yesterday. Miss Christine Thomason,daughter ofv Mr. ,and Mrs. Ed.Thomason, of Little Rock, is ill of influenza, in Richmond, where she hasbeen attending the Eastern KentuckyNormal School.The Newport social correspondence of the Cincinnati Times-Starsays: "Mrs. Henry Behrman, ofOverton street, is expecting a visitfropi her daughter, Mrs. James W.Bacon, of Paris, Ky."Mrs. Laura Estill Francis and,Mrs. Lavina Estill Chenault Cunningham, have returned to Paris from adelightful visit to their only brother,Col. Wallace Estill, and family, attheir country home, near Frankfort.Miss Christine Keller, who hasbeen a patient at the Massie Memo-,rial Hospital, in this city, where sherecently underwent an operation haebeen moved to the home of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Ed. Keller, atKiserton.Mrs. Amos Turney, an influenzasufferer, was reported yesterday asbeing better. Mr. Wallace W. Mitchell, of the Farmers and TradersBank, who has been ill at his home onEighth street since Monday, is stillconfined to his room.Mrs. Edna S. Hicks and son, Mr.R. W. Hicks, have returned to theirhome in Midway, after a visit inParis. Mrs. Hicks' mother, Mrs. K.S. Strakes, who had been visiting hersister, Mrs. Family Parker, returnedhome with them.Mr. L. W. Camery, formerly ofParis, who was injured in a railroadaccident at Decoursey some weeksago, in convalescing at the Booth Me- I Thirteenth streets. Call CumberlandAlthough operations in the Eastern Kentucky .fields have., not been Jmenaced, by the influenza epidemic asmuch, as .in, other high' grade fieldsthe result can be plainly noted froma trip through the productive districts in Estill; Lee and Wolfe counties, where the epidemic is, raging.Several of the largest companies inthe Kentucky fields have practicallysuspended operations, owing to thelack of labor, the epidemic havingreached such a stage that drillers refuse to go into the field, unless physicians can be on hand on short noticeAe a result, -the number of completedwells: reported from these ' districtslast .week was smaller than it hasbeen during any week since workwas resumed on a large scale in thespring.While the epidemic has caused severe suffering in Irvine and Beattyville, the rural districts of Lee andEstill were 'perhaps hit harder thanthe two towns, owing to the fact thatthere are few rural doctors in thosesections. As a rule, companies operating in Lee, Estill and Wolfe counties, , depend, to a certain extent,upon the natives of those countiesfor labor, and due to the epidemic,skilled labor, brought from otherStates is practically all that is available,, and under these conditions,most Companies are operating onlyone shift, where they are operatingat all.Mr. James H. Moreland, of Paris,who is in charge of field operationsfor the Bourbon Oil & DevelopmentCo., in Lee and Estill counties, wasin Paris recently. Mr. Moreland saidthe situation was very acute, owingto the lack of labor and the influenza.Weather conditions were also verybad, the mud being ankle-deep insome places.For Sale.One airtight coal heater, and onegas heater, both in good condition.Call on or address,(1) DR. S. P. MOHNEY.FOR RENT.My garage at corner of Main andGASHEATERS CONNECTED UPEEEE OF CHARGE.Now is the time to have that "NewProcess" Gas Stove put up. Colddays are near at hand. We connectthem up for you free of charge. Savea plumbing bill.(8-tf) A F. WHEELER & CO.TEi l imWAR WILL GIVE PATRIDGESCHANCE TO EILL HELDS.The hunting season in Bourboncounty is fast approaching, and it isexpected that on November 15 allthe lovers of the sport who are aot inthe army and Who are able to sparetime from war work will hie to thefields and woods.So many of the younger men havegone into the service and the othersare so busy that it may be safe to saythat comparatively few sportsmenwill be abroad, and thus the war willprove a boon to Bob White. He willbe given a chance to restore the destruction wrought in his numbers bythe fearful weather of last winter.JO R sLOUISVILLE & NASHVILLE PROMOTIONS.morial Hospital, in Covington, wherehe underwent a surgical operationrecently. Mr. Camery is a popularL. & N. contractor.Mrs. Robert L. Robinson andduaghter, formerly of Paris, now residents of Covington, were in Parisyesterday, guests of friends. Theywere accompanied by Mr. GodmanPowell, of England, who is in America on a business mission. The partywas making an automobile tour ofKentucky, and will return to Covington some time .next week.Miss Bessie Boyd, of Washington, D. C, arrived Wednesday, to beat the bedside of her sister, MissMary Boyd, who is ill of influenza atthe home of Mr. Elmer Boardman,pear Pans. Mr. Boardman anddaughter.iMiss Minerva Sue Boardman, who have been seriously ill ofthe same disease, were reported yesterday as being very much better.(Other Personals on Page 3)Phone 761.(It) MRS. THOS.MCDONALD.Lost or StolenEither stolen from my home onPleasant street, or lost somewhere inParis, a pair of jet earrings, set ingold. Reward for their return.MRS. SALLIE BASHFORD,No. 921 Pleasant Street.Home Phone 436..wj-l 44.f; cB aIIIIIA large force of carpenters beganyesterday the wprk of constructingan extension to the Train Dispatcher's building near the Tenth streetpassenger station of the Louisville asNashville, in this city. For sometime the dispatchers have been working at a disadvantage, an account oitheir crowded quarters, and this newaddition to the building will furnish,them with plenty of room. Thenorth end of the building will be reconstructed I and. two large rooms added, in whictithe clerical force willbe enabled to "work with more comfort , :'iA number, 61 changes will be madein the clerical force, by reason ofpromotions.. -which will go into .effectto-morrow in the office-o;Supenntendent J. At Morrison.- he officesaffected by the .change are as follows:Assistant Master of Trains R. D.Smith will be., promoted to Master ofTrains, and transferred to Corbfn;Chief Train Dispatcher W. K. Griffiinwill succeed Mr. Smith liere? as Assistant Master of Trains; NightChief Dispatcher Henry L. Terrillwill step up as Chief Dispatcher, andMr. Thos. McDonald will take up theduties of Mr. Terrill's fonmer position. - " ' . TSTOVES, STOVES.You had better have your stovesready for these cold spells that areliable to turn up any morning. Wehave them.(8-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.PAY YOUR WATER RENTWater rents are due and payable at office. Call at once.(tf) PARIS WATER CO.NORTH MLDDLETOWN CONTRIBUTORS THANKED BY HOSPITAL PEOPLE.vDuring the recent "drive" for contributions of poultry and eggs for thesick soldiers in the Base Hospital atCamp Zachary Taylor there was nomore generous reseponse from anypart of the county than from NorthMiddletown. The work in that precinct was in charge of Miss DaisyDetwiller, acting in conjunctionwith the North Middletown RedCross Chapter. Miss Detwiller hasreceived the following letter from theBase Hospital authorities, which isself-explanatory. Miss Detwiller desires THE NEWS to state that theyare still receiving donations of chickens and eggs on Mondays and Thursdays, which will be forwarded toCamp Taylor. The letter follows:"Base Hospital,'Camp Zachary Taylor, Ky."October, 23, 1918."Miss Daisy Detwiller,"Chapter American Red Cross,"North Middletown, Ky."Dear Miss Detwiller:"The chickens sent us by "your RedCross Chapter have been received ingood condition."Through you and in behalf of thepatients, I wish to thank the contributors and assure them, that theirassistance is greatly .appreciated."Yours sincerely,. -, ."F. -W. LENZ,"First Lt. S. C. Mess Officers."Must Be Sold At Once!247 Acre Shelby Co. Farm.On account of the owner beingsick, he has authorized us to sell hisfarm at once.Located just five aniles from Shelbyville on good pike, just a mile fromHigh School and Church and Zy2miles from Electric Line and Railroad. This is a good farm, has asix-room frame house, two good tobacco barns and a good stock barn;160 acres in grass, small grain, already sown, well watered and readyto make you money. If you wantthis one you will have to hurry forit will sell right away at the price of$135.00 per acre.Wire us when to meet you.WAKEFIELD-DAVIS REALTY CO.Shelbyville, Ky. .X &We Sell Dependable Merckaidise for LessThan Any Other House, Bit for Cash OnlySUITS AND COATSFOR WOMEN$25.00 to $125.00During the past week we have received new models in Women's Coats and Suits for Fall and Winter which reveal the verylatest style tendencies. They come in all of the season's mostcalled-f or fabrics and colors and are truly extraordinary values atSimon's Prices.Beautiful Models inFALL MILLINERY$5.00 to $25.00Attractive Creations in Tailored and Trimmed Hats in a widevariety of modish shapes. Every model is distinctive and rarevalue at Simon's price.HARRY SIMON222-228 WEST MAIN ST., LEXINGTON, KY.THE DAYLIGHT STOREPublic SaleFarm, Stock, CropRACING COMMISSION MEETS.A meeting of the State RacingCommission was .held Wednesdaymorning at the office of the organization in the Fayette National uanK,Lexington. No husiness was transacted Manager John Hachmeister ofthe Doiiglas Park and Latonia trackswas present and outlined his plansfor the "Beginning of the autumnmeeting at Latonia.The members present were HartTalbott, of Paris; ex-Senator JohnsonN Capiden, of Woodford county, andGeneral William B. Haldeman, ofTw-iniRville.Afteiv going over the result of thejture.season's racing and the prpspecia lornext year the meeting adjourned.On account of declining health, Iwill offer for sale my home on theBethlehem pike, one mile from citylimits of Paris, Ky., onSaturday, Nov. 9, 1918AT 2 O'CLOCK P. MLThis farm contains 5 acres ofland. Two-story residence; , sixrooms, two halls, two porches, cisternand all necessary outbuildings. Alsoa large feed barn, with cistern atbarn, and double corn crib. Also atthe same time and place I will sell:1,800 sticks of good tobacco ;3 or 4 tons of mixed baled jhay;( 1 bay stallion, 8 years old;1 "black jack, 8 years old; .1 sorrel work and driving horse, 6years old;1 sorrel work mare, in foal to jack;1 coming two-year-old flllyV1 weanling mare (mule colt;1 aged mule;3 good Shetland ponies,; (1 good Jersey milch cow; ',' "1 sow and 3 seventy-flv-poundshoats; ' 'f'"w2 farm .wagons; l ,1 spring wagon; ' ','"'1 buggy and harness;1 Randall harrow;1 40-khife cutting box;1 fodder cutter, horsetachment;1 walking cultivator; v r.1 drag pond scraper;1 set work gear? y ' I1 cowboy saddle ; " ,1 side-saddle; VLot of other things too numerousto mention; ' , tSome household and kitchen furni-FOLLOW I FUGEvery mother or father, or if none, nearest relative, isentitled to one of our largeRAND-McNALLYWAR MAPSABSOLUTELY ..-FREEI'potfef at--,- :Ws?0.--BUTLER. Ji "(ixovl-3t) " Pans, Kentucky.By simply giving us their address and calling for map.Others may secure this big War Map by giving us theiraddress, paying 10 cents and calling for map. WEWANT ONE IN EVERY HOME !See Them in Our WindowTHEJ.T.HINTONCO.MOTOR HEARSEMOTOR INVALID COACHUNDERTAKING"EITMERPHONE" 36SIXTH AND MAIN STSIxlXIX .IXIXI. XII-KIXIXIXvxIXIXIXIx-XIXIXIXIX!IX11v-sFRIDAY NOYIMBIX X, lllf... -sWW--st4n-j- ttrn, y-n "?WilsonStanley4ru a Democratic CongressTHE BOUmOi JmWtTJMSijKY.PillffT - 1- i"MlWPW--M-. wfc--r!-3ja.i.T.igriCTirrtw-r x?y taMtfflMiyi3t'tt aE?'WantsII1EIhELECT MEN WHO WILL FIGHT THE KAKER, NOT WILSONSUPPORTERS, NOT CRITICSTANLEY STANDS WITH WILSONIN PEACE AS WELL AS IN WAREMINENT MINISTERS INDORSESTANLEY FOR SENATORAll Other Issues Must Give Way, Says Dr. W.W. Landrum,One of Louisville's Foremost Temperance Advocates.October 11. MIS.Dear Brother:Grace, mercy and peace be withthee.In a Louisville morning' paper Iread to-day a report of a certainresolution said to have been passedby the "Western Baptist Association.The title of the paper's report is"Vote as You Pray."All Baptists shoald vote us theypray. Just now the bardea of oarprayer should be that the wocW maybe mads safe for democracy. LJoydJGeorge, premier of Great Britas,you know, the saost dtotfagvlahedlBaptist in the world, wrote Mr. Coleman, president of the Northern Baptist Convention: "Tell the Baptistbrotherhood that we are fighting; forBaptist principles.Baptist principles are democraticprinciples. Democratic principles axeto-day in this country is. the handsof the Democratic party. A. Democratic President is the atouthptece oTItfeat party. His word win close thewar and determine matters after thewar. Behind Mm every lover of democratic principles should stand today. I am a prohibitionist, but prohabitioa is res adjudicata. The KentuckyLegislature has passed the prohibition amendment. Congress has voted8 a dry nation. National prohibitionis as dead an issue as shivery or freesilver.The one great issue is the waswaingof the war and tire settlement of themomentous -questions arising; after thewar. Those Questions raustos settledby the party that always sustains thePresident.I believe oar brother Gatiiffo -votedas he prayed when he voted to nominate Gov. Stanley for Senator. I believe Senator Frost spoke as fee prayed when he introduced Gov. Stanleyalong with Senator Beckham. I believe Hon. H. V. MoChesney votes ashe pray whuu he supports Gov. Stanley for Senator. I know of a moreconscientious Baptists in Kentucky.And there are others.With malice towards none and withcharity for all. insistiag sjs we do onBaptist individnalistn and rninci tlxwsftess, I an willing to place myselfamong those of oar brotherhood whofcelieve that this is the tfcae tor ailmen to be sure they are in perfectaccexd with oar Prasldaat. Oov.Stanley is such a stan and the President caa rely oa bfca during and aft-er tae was.With all good wishes and high. -gardsfraternally yoars for oemocratic principles ia both church andStale.W. "IK. IjAJIDJStnaf,DON SnfGUBTABX, M. M-, Moeersaor,Olaton, Ky.aaLlaSaSaaUaaaaaHaaaaaaavV' - - uj?SMlSSSB?JmSB9awBBaaaaaaawf&jpM .&-4p? $? f ?STOPgSpRCTBCTBMmimaaaaaas1SBBBBBBBW&1T&. 4 Vxf: --i:w. x &i- M.SI Wrmm JiniaMSHKaBBSaiBnasaSnaSnaSnaSnsnSSteWHBsWHlaaHaaaaaaaasa :l,i'W ' v S. 4 - TiiflfllsaavrsTMBBMlfaErfffMRffmmawJW Ti i ITnflssTavalaaa'lavaleWeavaaavaaavaaavaaavaaavanaaaaa$MW VaSEnKmaaaaaaaHeTBaTBaTBaTBnyjineSTO9SSs9aBBS?Q lH?f&9BaBaHI&KE9BaVBaBaTBaTBaTiHaaaamBiaSlalaSHaaaaaalaaaaaaK2aHsaP9PBaaRBlBaaaaaaaVBWSSawawHHnSmisffinaaaaaaaaaaaVaaaaKJJiajjjBHBBKn WTKKBwSFm9MSSXKKngg.fnnBnSaaaaaaaaaaaHaaaaB?nHaHaWHaflaaaaBaaalMpp wHKawawlamBBMWMBaaaaMBaaaaaaalaaaalaBW9HaaaaaaaaHaaaHtlSHHHaaaaaalaiBeeflaKBfiaS KafisaBKaaHaBslHHfsaaBleBSnaHBnYBaQssHMMewSsssBaTfbbbbbbhbbbShInHSIkbbB&SIbssbsbHWILSON WANTS STANLEY TOHELP HIM WIN TBI WARWibon Wants a Democratic SenateTo Conclude An Early andVictorious Peace.Wilson Wants a Democratic Congress ToAid Him In Bringing theBoys Back Home.earnestly desire the electionof Governor Stanley to theUnited States Senate."WOODROW WILSONSupported by a Serrate in thorough accord with his wisepolicies and lofty ideas, Woodrow Wilson will speedily bringpeace and order to a distracted world. This glorious day willbe delayed if he and his party are repudiated at the polls andLodge and Penrose and their faithfel follower, Dr. Bmner,axe permitted to heckie and harass him. Every day's unnecessary coa&usance of tins struggle means the loss of preciouslwes, .means weary hours of waiting for the return of ourkredones.Support Wilson, his party and fab followers for the sakeof oar brave bojss abfoact; indoMe Jshm for the sake of theirtosedmes at home. Gladden the great heart of the first citizen of the work! by a vote of eosafkleBce o November 5.Stanley Indorsed By LeberIt im my most easaest wish that Mr. Stanfev m?v continueto serve all of tkerjeopfe of the nation, aad particularly thewage earners as an official lepreseatatrve in public office.Fraternally yours, SAMUEL GOMPERS,Pnesident American Federation of Labor.Cadiz Minister Exposes Campaign CanardCadiz, Ky., Oct. 22, 1918.My -aitaartoa has been called to & statement in the Louisville press that an six preaches fet ourwmm apposed to the etectioa of Staaley as Senator. The author of that nrommacemeat had neperconsultad sae. I am not a Democrat ;in politics, asrt am not now interested one heJr's-breadlh ha tbepardsaa phases of this csonpaiga. Bt my sober judgment of the issues involved compel me to favortne election of Mr. Stanley ia preference to Mr. Braver. Certain Baptist Ajwociatioos in Western Kentucky have seen fit in the exercises of- their sashenable rigs to urge our people to vote against Mr. Stanley, but to that advice I cannot consent.The Prohobition question is a aegiigfiae matter in this caaapaigm. That issue has reached such astage that no matter which man is elected, Ids vote will fall oa tike right side. Mr. Staatoy's persoaalhabits past or present do aot determine oa which side his vote will be cast. When aation-wide proMUtion comes to a vote, good senee and good pontics will put Stanley on the prohibition side. Bpt, were hisvote known to be against oatioo-wide probibttfcom, I ahoaid still emphatically favor bis election.The support of the Proatdeat m the prosecution of this war hi also a secondary matter. BottiMr. Bruner and Mr, Stanley can be depeaded upon to hght this war throagh to a finish, ha the presentfever-heat of American paUhXhaa, it wouht not be good sense or good politics for a flf?aaor sot to do so.Were the patriotic prosecution of this war the issue between these two nsaa, I wuwld not tasra my handover for the difference between thea.The issue in this csmpalgn is greater aad saore vital tsavx either . the fsshji iiniiii 1 That simn hithis: Shall certaJn definite Hhaato of .social, economic aad pesKSeal JasCtca for tfcVwcrld be reahxed Forthe first titae rn many yean we seem to have a President whose thtehiag is as chtar and thoroagh as hispurpose is positive and unehaheabte. Thiakers and idealists to whom this era of hsstir. l has been a pleasant dream, and who have beam sotaswhat skeptical of all politician ad tneir- promises tessn of Wilaoaat the oatset) are now ccnatwat that they have-as a PresMeRt a an whose Maoaght mwmim oa as lofty apitch as theirs, and who also has the ?olJtteal acument to traasssas those Meals into togWatkm. OORCONFIDENCE IS IK WOODROW WIL0OK. Let me quote from a reseat aissarfm isaae:"Pnogresshe citizens of whatever party have adopted President WttsoaCaartfceJr leader."Tiie crucial matter sa thas asssrsign is not what Stanley or TVissim waatk wtsae the .war to om, hotwbat they will do when the war is ended. Either man will fight the war through to a fhaW-4t would hehis finish if he did not. But, the probabilities are that one maa would follow aWtaatasatip of ham paitrctneftam and go WHERE WOODROW WELSON IS GOING, watte the obar asam wod. linatup with oneof the two sections of the Republican party. It is on that ,tprobabfflty" that 1TXVOR WHOLE HEAJtT3CDLT THE ELECTION OF STANLEY AS OUR SENATOR. WAsosi has she hhsBs and the Idesss; heneeds now the chance to pat them into law. I am for giving him she MsH HB WJWTS so Chat full responstbflKy can be thrust on him for any failure, if there is failure.To my mind these vast and worid-signslcant matters of social Justice, of economic right, of political liberty demand with compelling voice that every man who loves hia fellow shall voce for Stanley as aWilson man. Sincerely, LESLIE L. SANDERS, Pastor First Baptist Church.FiIIJt'Dunn? The Spwa4-American War,ROOaVELT SAID:"A refused to sustain the President this year will, in theeyes of Europe, be read as a refusal to sustain die war. ' 'If THEN, Why Not NOW?BECKHAM BACKS STANLEY1-fcave left the neost paessiag'and urgent duties at the National Capital and traveled atjsrjiimid miles to being to you this message that' your President and his associates arewatching with anxious aad iatense interest the outcome of this election in Kentucky and arehoping that you wi41 not fail to show your appreciation of the splendid work which has beendone by giving" a vote of confidence on the November election day and electing to the SenateGov. A. O. Stanley. SENATOR J. C. W. BECKHAM.World Will Consider Election of Republican Congress a Repudiation of WilsonPresident Says "A Vote For Bruner Is a Vote Against Me."Democratic Defeat Would Hamper Nation At Critical Time."My Fellow Countrymen:"The Congressional elections are at hand. They occur in thessost critical period our country has ever faced or is likely to facein our Ume. If you have approved of my leadership and wish mete continue to be your unembarrassed spokesman in affairs athems and abroad, I earnestly beg that you will express yourselflUUDiatak&bty to that effect by returning a Democratic majority teBoth the Senate and House of Representatives,"I am yer servant and will accept your Judgment withowtcswti, but my power to administer the great trust asMgnad -me bythe constitution would be seriously impaired, should your Judgmentbe adverse, &d I most frankly tall you so because m many criti-hw mi depend upon your verdict. No scruple of taste most higrim tisnes Nice these be allowed to stand in the way of speakingthe plain truth.Brrtded Leadership.have me thought of suggesting that aay political party ispsmaomtt hi swatters of patrieaess. I feel too deeply the sacriaees which have been mads hi tfcts war by ajl our citt s irrespective of party aJQUstloa- to harbor such an ides,. I meaa onlytht the ilirriinlfhw and delicacies of oar present task are of a sortthat makes It Imiju mspstj mecassTy that the aatfcm should giveSbb undivided support to the government under a unified leadershipaad that a RepuUioan Congress would divide the leadership.MitespreCaeion Abroad.The raearn of a sbspufcMcssx majority tb ekner House of theCongress wonso. mioraovtv, be interpretative on the other iMda ofthe water aast rsymdlsthm of my leadership. Spokesmen of the Repwblcssi pssay are urging you te- elect a Republican-, Congress iaorder to hack ap and support the President, but even if they shouldin this Impose upon some credulous voters on this jade .of the water,they would impose oa no one oa Jthe other side. It is well understood there as well as here thafUss Repubheaa leaders desire notso much to support the Presideat as to eontrol him."The people of she Allied countries with whom We are associated against Germany are oatt fssstiiar with tha stgniflrsace ofelections. They would find It very difficult to believe that thevoters of the United States had so chosen to support their President by electing to the Congress a majority controlled by thoeewho axe in fact not in sympathy with the attitude and action of theadministration.For Sake of Ration."I need not tell you, my fellow countrymen, that I am askingyour support not for my own sake or for the sake of a politicalparty, but for the sake of the nation itself in order that its inwardunity of purpose may be evident to all the world. In ordinarytimes r would 'not feel at liberty to make such an appeal to you.In ordinary times divided counsels can be endured without permanent hurt to the country. But these are not ordinary times."If in these critical days it Js your wish to sustain me withundivided minds, I hag that you wiil say so in a way which it willnot be jKMKshle to minmnrierstand either at home or among ourassociate oa the ether side of the sea. I submit my difficultiesand my hopes to yeev-WOODROW WIU90N.'DQNT BE A SLACKER AT THE POLLSiVOTE THE DEMOCRATIC TICKET NOVEMBER 5wfcV ;j 'FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 1, 1918.'fHE BOUEBOK HEWS, PABIS, KENTUCKY.--lTlJr-TnMiTTWf--.- f wPAGE SSVtfThe Bottle that Holds the World's Greatest Remedy I American pras.Mineral ijf COMPOUND ffij pjjjEJ directions iS Z$KkThe Most Powerful Tonic Knownfor Building Tip Pvun-Down Systems, Grippe, Etc.If you are now suffering with anydiseases at all of blood, kidneys, orstojmach, you need this great remedyof nature itself. If builds up tired,worn-out people, rejuvenates sickstomachs, relieves kidneys that areoverworked and sick in fact, youcannot find a remedy that will do youas much good as Acid Iron Mineral.Thousands of genuine testimonialsthat come to us unsolicited tell howsick people have been made entirelywell by A-I-M. In the majority of letters the writers are glad to have ususe their names so that others whoare suffering may be helped to healthand hapDiness as they have been.Do not think that Acid Iron Mineral is a patented medicine, becauseit is not it's a remedy supplied bynature herself, and it is free from alcohol or other harmful drugs.Don't delay, call for it to-day. Forsale by all druggists.Ferrodine Medical Corp.,ROANOKE, VIRGINIAPOODADMINISTRATIONHOG PRICES.ITXESlCINCINNATI, OHIO, Oct. 31.Following advices from "Washingtonof the result of the conferences thepast week in Washington in regardto hog prices for November, there-was a special session Saturday morning of the Cincinnati Live Stock Exchange, which pledged the Exchangeand its members individually to cooperate with the Washington authorities. The result of the coferences, asappears from the advices receivedfrom the Food Administration, is tofix the minimum price of hogs forNevember at 17.50 as the dailyaverage for packer droves, and notless than $16.50 shall be paid forother than "throw outs."The advices from the Food Administration came in a telegraphic communication transmitted by the FoodAdministration at the request of theconference, which was constituted ofrepresentives of the Food Administration, the Live Stock Subcommittee ofihe Agricultural Advisory Board andspecial members of the swine industry. iiThe navy's prohibition of kissing isso stern that we suspect JosephusDaniels is expecting a call from someFrench Admirals.A HERO EVERY DAY.Three times has Private Harry J.Swanson, of the United States Marines, faced almost certain death tocarry messages to and from the advanced front lines as the Marinesswept forward against the Germansnear Vierzy, July 19. Now he was ina temporary shelter comparativelysafe, for the moment, from the driving hail of machine gun bullets.Scorning this safety Private Swanson leaped from his shelter and ranto where his battalion commandercrouched, too busy shouting his commands to think of safety. A secondmore and Private Swanson was beside him."I'll dig you in sir," shouted theprivate above the roar of the shrapneland the whine of the machine gunbullets. Exposed himself to the steelhail, he began his work. And not until the battalion commander was wellentrenched did Private Swanson, ofthe Marines, return to his shelter.As a result of hs gallantry, PrivateSwanson has been recommended toreceive the Distinguished ServiceCross. He is a son of Charles Swanson, 6620 South Pauline street, Chicago, Illinois.BETTER THAN CALOMELThousands Have Discovered Dr.Edwards Olive Tablets area Harmless Substitute.Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets the substitute for calomel are a mild but surelaxative, and their effect on the liver i9almost instantaneous. They are the resultof Dr. Edwards' determination iio t to treatliver and bowel complaints with calomel.His efforts to banish it brought out theselittle olive-colored tablets.These pleasant little tablets do the goodthat calomel does, but have no bad aftereffects. They don't injure the teeth likestrong liquids or calomel. They take holdof the trouble and quickly correct it Whycure the liver at the expense of the teeth?Calomel sometimes plays havoc with thegums. So do strong liquids. It is best notto take calomel, but to let Dr. Edwards'Olive Tablets take its place.Most headaches, "dullness" and thatlazy feeling come from constipation anda disordered liver. Take Dr. Edwards?Olive Tablets when you feel loggy" andTieavy " Note how they "clear" cloudedbrain and how they "perk up" the spirits10c and 25c a box. All druggists.i jaCATARRH CANNOT BE CUREDwith LOCAL APPLICATIONS, as theycannojt reach the seat of the disease.Catarrh is a local disease, greatly influenced by constitutional conditions,and in order to cure it you must takean internal remedy. Hall's CatarrhMedicine is taken internally and actathrough the blood on the mucousi surfaces of the system. Hall's Catarrh Medicine was prescribed hyone of the best physicians in thiscountry for years. It is composed ofsome of the best tonics known, combined with some of the best bloodpurifiers. The perfect combination ofthe ingredients in Hall's CatarrhMedicine is what produces such wonderful results in catarrhal conditions.Send for testimonials, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Props.,Toledo, Ohio.Hall's Family Pills for constipation.All Druggists, 75c.(adv-oct)BWGHTEK3&EVENINGS SfeksBl t'tM'!? jJtiRH WHITE CO.LOUWVILLC, KY.Literal assortmentand full value paW::-fursHMasandCeat Skint(tilHan24-JfNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.asseMargolen'sSANITARMeat MarketSpecials for Fridayand SaturdayKilGCtriCity 5, 10, 15 and 20-pound buckets' ' Dure home-renderedLARDfor KiaMinaIPs the only satisfactory way.Tlse SasTortjeatindandgookiiidIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix You DpFor the Use of BothElectricity ind Gas.Paris Gas & Electric Go,anemtsmtfti27c per poundLEAN COUNTRYBACON35c per poundMARGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketThe recent Chemical Show in NewYork filled the Grand Central Palace, and it was perhaps the greatestexhibit of the achievements of American brains ever collected under asigle roof. The Show demonstratedto the entire satisfaction of the scientifis world, which found its way tothe place, that the things Germanyhas held as a mortal cinch for halfa century or longer, belonged to herno more for Germany can choke o-nher own potash for all we care onthis side of the waters. When itcomes to the manufacture of dyes theDu Pont's have demonstrated thatthey have a newly established industry that will set us free forever fromdependence upon German dyes.The name Du Pont, and powder,are almost synonymous to the generalpublic; but the Du Ponts have beenmaking big inroads into Americanindustry aside from munitions. It ismighty interesting to know that thistremendous enterprise is preparingto discount the reconstruction periodby providing a way to utilize its great capital and theserivces of its 75,000 employes 65,000 of whom are engaged in warwork when the munitions of peacesupplant the munitions of war.It is only a step over the backfence from the bases from whichmost of the high, explosives are obtained as by-products of the cokingindustry to the same sources fromwhich are obtained the bases fromwhich are manufactured the intermediates and finally the dyes so muchneeded to supply practically everyother industry. And in the big show,the biggest end of the exhibit was ofAmerican dyes. It was conclusivelydemonstrated that the question "whatcan be produced" belongs entirely in Jthe past tense; and it is far more interestine: to learn the truth as towhat is produced? The answer to thislatter phase of the situation withinthe industry shows that as good dyesare being produced in sufficient quantities right now to meet all industrialdemands, as are needed, and that theyare made in America. The dye manufacturers have been having considerable trouble with textile manufacturers who have insisted on using dyesmade of wool on cotton, and dyes intended for silk on wool. This sort ofbungling has reflected considerablyunon American dyes, and has beenresponsible for most of the criticismthat has been so freely made. Butthe difficulty has been only temporary, and it has been practically remedied. The great crowds that gathered towitness the victories of the Americanchemists had the satisfaction to behold the dye manufacturing processesin operation; and color for color, itwas demonstrated that the home dyesexposed to sunlight and weatherTarein every way equal to the foreignequivalent. It is an interesting coincident that the same great firm ofDu Pont that has shot our enemiesfull of holes in wartime has been theleader in perfecting on a big scalethe dye-making industry, which is tocontinue to shoot disappointment into Germany long years after thestruggles of battles are over. It hasall along been claimed that Germany's dyestuff industry was to be athing to bargain with for international commercial advantages, and itwas to be an earnest that the worldonce more at peace must early resumebusiness relations with her.Further, it was a source of lageincome and a source of still largerprestige. The duplication of this industry in America must prove verydisquieting to the people over theRhine.American, chemists and Americanmanufacturers are winning big battles for their country, and our industrial independence has become assured for all time.POR COLDS AND GEIPPE DOCTORSEIND REMEDY.Physicians and druggists are elatedover the fact that they have at lastfmiTifi n rTmiTip and dependable remedy for colds, sore throat, influenzaand la grippe. For years tney navedepended chiefly upon the old stylecalomel, which is certainly fine, butunfortunately many peope would nottake it because of its nauseating anadangerous qualities.Now that the nharmaceuticaichemists have perfected a nausealesscalomel, called "Calotabs" wnosemedicinal virtues are vastly improved, the doctors and druggists areclaiming that Calotabs are the idealrepnedy to abort a cold over mgntcut short an attack of sore throator la grippe. They are also findingit most effective as the first step inthe treatment of pneumonia.One Calotab on the tongue at bedtime with a swallow of water that'sall. No salts, no nausea nor theslightest interference with your eating' or your work and pleasure. Thenext morning your cold has vanishedand your whole system is purified "andrefreshed. Calotabs are sold .only inoriginal sealed packages; price thirty-fivecents. Your druggist recommends and guarantees them by, refunding the jprice if you are no.t delighted; (adv)1 6Having saved all the daylight wecan for the present seafeqh' we should,now refrain from wasting darkness."PU fan 15! tBRONCHIAL TROUBLE.Mrs. A. E. Sidenberder, Rockfleld,Ind., states: "For an attack ofbronchial trouble which usually assails ine in the spring I find Chamberlain's sCough Remedy the only;hlngth'at gives me relief. Afterusing it for afew- days all signs ofbronchial trouble disappears."(adv-oct)Mddle AgedWomerv,Are Here Told the Best Remedyfor Their Troubles.Freemont, O. "I was passing through the criticalperiod of life, being forty-six years of age and had allthe symptoms incident to that change heat flashes,nervousness, and was in a general run down condition,bo it was hard for me to do my work. Lydia E. Pink-ham s Vegetable Compound was recommended to me asthe best remedy for my troubles.which it surely provedto be. I feel better and stronger in every way sincetaking it, and the annoying symptoms nave disappeared." Mrs. M. Godden, 925 Napoleon St., Fremont,Ohio.North Haven, Conn. "Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound restored my health, after everything elsehad failed when passing through, change of life. Thereis nothing like it to overcome the trying symptoms."Mrs. Flobence Isella,Bos 197, North Haven, Conn.umvz&ry&.i. -kt.-?1CasesIYDIA E. PINKH AM'SVEGETABLE COMPOUNDlias $ie fastest ecofd for the greatest good;LYDIA E.P1NKHAM MEDICINE CO. LYNN. MASS.CHAIRMAN BHEA'S GOOD WORK.For the campaign now drawing toa victorious close, great credit it dueto State Campaign Chairman ThomasS. Pchea, former treasurer of Kentucky. He had been affiliated withthe Beckham faction of the party,but was one of the first to espouse thecause of Gov. Steanley when he wasnominated for Senator, and beingmade chairman of the committeecharged with rolling up the biggestmajority possible for him and thenominees for Congress and the judiciary, he went to work in the mostintelligent manner and by his experience in organizing was enabled tobuild up an organization that willknow no such word as defeat. Hehas labored every day and far intothe night for the success of the ticketand when he realizes its accomplishments on the eve of November 5th,he will be the happiest man in Kentucky and the recipient of the gratitude of the Democracy of State andNation. The party indeed chosewisely when Tom Rhea was named aschairman, as the results are sure toprove. Stamp under the rooster.GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.iKIsxAutocracy seems to be able to foolall the German people all of the timeand none of the allies any of thetime.Do You NeedGlasses?Let us make a thorough, scientificexamination of your eyes, based onethical grounds, not to rerommendglasses unless you need them." Askyourself these questions: "Do I haveheadaches, nervous spells, drawn,tired eyes? Does typei sometimesblur? Do I see spots before my eyes?"Answer' fairly and squarely, for yourown' good for over-strain" repeatedlyday by" 'day will break down the delicate nerves and muscles of the eyesand irreparable' injury may result.Our 'years of experience insures accurate results.Dr. Wm. Riley FranklinSuite 205-6 First National Bank,Both. Phones, Paris. Ky.BAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly RollCream PuffsDoughnuts, Rolls, PiesGROCERYFruitsFresh VegetablesMEATDEPARTMENTRoatsLamb, Veal, PorkBrainsWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376An Appeal to Home TelephoneSubscribers.Spanish Influenza has incapacitated a large part ofour operating force (including chief operator) and at thesame time has emphasized the necessity for telephone service to meet emergencies on this account. The operatorswho are still able to work can handle only those calls required by war work, sickness, public welfare and otherabsolute necessity. We are anxious to handle the important calls, and your full co-operation will be appreciated.PARIS HOME TELEPHONETELEGRAPH CO.(Incorporated.1)J. J. VEATCH.District ManagerW. H. CAUNON.Local ManagerBourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4JulfliJ ' -- . ifKfSSWest Fifh StreetSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improve-$ ments in laundry appliancesana expert neipers we areprepared to do work inferior to none, and solicityour patronage.xIIIXIX-IX.IXIIXIXIXII The Bourbon Laundry- IParis, KentuckyA MAN AND HIS WIFELEVY, THECumberland Phone 40may both derive saiisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments . cleaned by us. Hiecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of ;newf inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatI ving, must surely satisfy you.J A phone brings us.DRY CLEANERHome Phone 169 2Send That NextJob ' of Printing to TfceBourbon, News.? Right PrioMl- .- fc M. 1, H.I? tri!, t .v in" nr.IS,?"tST " Si ."""I.f '.'.'v . fj JJ4 I rf-' -W5f$0$Wl ipWS? PARB. KT.Li"i4:ffhtoaykoVembbr tisis.?f-1 iy" I 4j,t.f'vO if A!g-crr , 1M'rJVMILLERSBURG- Miss Blanche Marshall has returned to her home in Portsmouth, JO., after a two-weeks' visit to herparents, Mr. and Mrs. Sam Marshall.1 Among the new cases of influenza developing here recently are E.T. Sheeler, Master Ennis Earl Insko,the family of Mr. Hamm, in Judyville and the- family of Mr. ArthurBJbbertson, excepting- himself.Howard Carr, aged twenty, sonof Mr. and Mrs. Elijah Carr, of nearthis city, died at the Good Sapiaritan IXXUHpiUU, ill JUtSil-U-gLULL, lOtlOWlUg aprotracted illness caused by an ab' cess on the brain. The body wasprepared for burial and taken toCynthiana, Tuesday. The funeral wa&3ield Tuesday afternoon, with servicesconducted at the grave in BattleGrove Cemetery by Revs. J. W. Gardner and J. D. Redd. Besides his parents he is survived by-three sisters,Hjtrs. H. C. Hill and Misses Alline andMargaret Carr, and one brother.Wednesday was another Millers--ourgday at the Students' ArmyTraining Corps, Camp Buell, Lexington. Two automobiles were loadedwith' supplies of food for the patients,and the Red Cross Chapter, of Lexington, acknokledged the assistancewith, thanks. The donors were: Mr.and Mrs. 0. R. Rankin, Mrs. CharlesEeer, Mrs. Riggs, Mrs. F. Ingels, Mrs.' Clarke TJeer, Mrs. Chas. Martin, Mrs.Jas. Carpenter, Mrs. W. P. Shanklin,Mrs. Lena Patterson and children,Mrs. W. M. Wright and daughter,Mrs. Jennie Madison, Mr. and Mrs.Chas. Jones, Mrs. Griffin, Mrs. Layson Pryor, Mrs. George Stoker, Mrs.Laura Letton, and Annie Conway,(colored.)The influenza situation here remains very much the same. Therehave been no deaths, and only a few:new cases reported. Our citizens -areusing every precaution to preventspread of the disease. Not all theiomes where it has developed havebeen placarded, as they should be forthe protection of the public. Postmaster Cray has made a vigorous protest against the crowding of the postoffice lobby at the opening of theTbing mail. He desires to keep theoffice open for the accommodation ofpatrons, but for safety, has issued arule that not more than three persons will be allowed in the lobby atone time. Unless this is compliedwith the Postoffice Department maybJ called on to take steps to enforceit.'; tMATRIMONIAL.l' DeJARNETTE ROGERS.--A marriage license was issuedfnojai the office ojfcthe County Clerk' im .Wiachstster, Tueday,"taMr. E4-C.Rogftr?, of Danville, and Miss LillianDaJarmetof l&tjig,.,. Thelaterlsa.daughter of Mr. and Mrs. John De-Jarnette, of Paris.1STCAMPAIGNCANARDr. , .The statement circulated by Dr.Bruner and others that GovernorStanley stated in a speech at Cincinnati on March 16, 1918, that"Prohibitionists were worse tyrantsthan the Kaiser and bigger fools'is absolutely false and was immediately corrected by the paperwh.ch published ,t. CongressmanAlfred A. Allen and other distinguished guests who were presenthave also contradicted it. Thisfalse statement is made at the closeof the campaign for the purposeof prejudicing Governor Stanley inthe eyes of the temperance peopleand to secure repudiation of Woodrow Wilson at the polls.THOMAS S. RHEA,Campaign Chairman.PROBLEMS OF RECONSTRUCTIONSenator Weeks, of Massachusetts,introduced the original "reconstruction" bill in the Senate. It was immediately taken up by a Republicancaucus and endorsed.It provides fora joint committee of the two branches of Congress consisting of six members from each body, one-half ofwhom are to be Democrats and theother one-half of the committee to beRepublicans. Senator Overman, ofNorth Carloina, has followed with aresolution similar to the Weeks measure, except that it provides that thePresident shall name the members ofa reconstruction commission, andthat it shall be" independent of Congress. The Overman bill is generallyregarded as the "Administrationmeasure." Other bills have been introduced by Senator Owen, of Oklahoma, and another by'Meyer London,Socialist; and still another by Representative Madden, of Chicago. TheWeeks resolution enumerates specifically the different subjects" to be investigated and reported on. It -specifiesa number of problems affectinglabor, capital and credit, public utilities, conditions resulting from themobilization of our industrial andmilitary war resources, problems affecting our foreign trade, the continuance of existing industries, and theestablishment of new industries;problems relating to agriculture;problems affecting the adequate production and effective distribution ofcoal, gasoline and other fuels, problems relating to. shipping, (.includingshipping yards) ; and especially in regard to the sale, continuance of ownership or leasing of -both yards andships, housing conditions, and condition of nouse . construction by theGovernment during the war, wherelegislation is now on the statutebooks with reference to- its repeal,extension or amendment. In addition to these topics, whichare subdivided into many subjects, the resolution further providesthat the committee of Congress shallhave power to inquire into makingrecommendations with reference to"all matters necessarily arising during the change from the activities ofwar to the pursuit of peace."In the Senatp speeches it has beenpointed out that every nation nowengaged in the war, has beSK and isnow getting ready for peace conditions. It seems that nearly threeyears ago conferences were held bythe Allies, at which certain generalprinciples were adoptedin regard totrade conditions after the war, therelationship of one power to another,the .relationship of the Allied nationsto friendly countries, and neutral nations to the enemy governments. Intne enemy countries me same son oeplan has been made to deal with con-,-'4- jVi"ditions after the -war. "We must)without delay, take such steps as mabe necessary to provide for the innumerable new problems we mustface the day peace is made," declaredSenator Weeks, "because we do notneed in the summer is no reason fofnot filling our bins for the comingwinter," he added.rCINCINNATI HEALTH OFFICERPROTESTS AGAINST LA-TONIA RACING.The Cincinnati Board of Health,Officer, has protested against the fallrace meeting at Latonia, while thepresent influenza epidemic situation,continues.Doctor Peters telegraphed the Kentucky State Board of Health askingit to order the race meeting postponed until the situation in Cincinnaticlears.He said opening of the race trackwould spread the disease in Cincinnati and Kentucky. He pointed outthat large crowds would fill cars between Cincinnati and the track.The Kenton County Council of Defense is assisting Cincinnati in attempting to postpone thex meet. Dr.Peters said.- - 5S rl pw, iA MONUMENTAL WASTE.(Louisville Times)In the annals of humanity thereoccurs the record of no greater wasteof human resource than that of whichCol. Thodore Roosevelt has beenguilty. Possessed of splendid powersof mind, magnetism of the strongest,animal courage in such a degree as tobe at once the admiration and envyof the crowd, Col. Roosevelt has yield-ed to the temptations of his clamorous ego to the point- that his personality is worse than useless it has become a drag -upon the fortunes of theNation.While it is unlikely that Col. Roosevelt retains such a following as tomake his actions vitally dangerous toour aims of war and peace, his continuous and presumptuous offeringsof advice an'd rebuke to the Presidentand the Government of the UnitedStates of America are a shame uponthe land. He has devoted a large part'of his time and the whole of his personal strength of late months -to aneffort at muddying the waters; andhis statements of Friday at concertpitch of envy and thwarted egotismshows him up not as the patriot heso clamorously claims to be, but as acommon scold.Had Col. Roosevelt devoted himself to the uses of patriotism from theentry of the United States into thewar until this time, it would be impossible to calculate the good hecould have accomplished. But henever has been able to put politicsout of his mind; and instead of inspiring his followers with a yearningto he,ot service to ihecountry, .he hassucceeded in tainting thenTwith thediscontent that has utterly spoilediisusefulness as a citizcn,-'Wehav5ei 'conserved, much during the war, but thisI waste of man-power is irretrievable.16 KENTUCKY BOYS AND GIRLSEvery boy and 'girl in Kentucky iseager to help win this war. Here is asplendid chance to join with all .theboys and 'girls in the United States inpulling for victory. ... - - -jhe United "War Work r Campaignto he held the week' of November 1JLis to" raise money 'to carry on theJ work- of- seven organizations amongour -.soldiers and sailors . over., thereand over here.' The seven are: TheYoung Men's Christian Association,the Young Women's Christian Asso-"ciation, the National Catholic WarCouncil, the Jewish Welfare Board,the" War Camp Community Service,the American Library Association,and the Salvation Army. They unitedat. the earnest suggestion, of President Wilson.Every boy and every girl in Kentucky between the ages of 12 and 20is asked to earn and give $5 to thisgreat national fund of $170,500,000The boys will be enrolled as "Victory Boys" and the girls as "VictoryGirls."To arouse interest in this greatmovement, boys and girls of Kentucky are invited to compete in anessay contest. The best Kentuckyessay in each case will be forwardedto Chicago to compete with the bestessays from the thirteen other Statesof the Control Department Indiana.Ohio, Michigan, Wisconsin, Illinois,Minnesota, Iowa, Missouri, North Dakota, South Dakota, Nebraska, Kansas and Colorado.The judges in Kentucky will bevery prominent educators. The boyand the girl winning in the CentralDepartment contest will receive $10each. State winners will be announced early in the campaign.! Department winners will be announcedthe last day if the campaign. ",Get busy at once, boys and girls ofKentucky. Prepare your essay andbe sure it contains only 500 words,or less. The subjects are, "The Workof Any One of the Seven Organizations," "How a Boy Can Earn andGive Five Dollars," "How a GirlCan Earn and Give Five Dollars,"or any other topic bearing on ' thecampaign. Then send it to the foblowing ' address: "Victory Boys'Contest;" or "Victory Girls' Contest,"' 643 S. Fourth St., Louisville,Ky., State Headquarters of the United War Work Campaign.This contest is open to all. Publicand parochial school pupils are urgedto take part in it.BIRTHS.- To the wife of Mr. J. H. Hunter,in this city, a daughter, christenedLucy Catherine Hunter. The motherwas forpnerly Miss Fannie Farrow, ofParis. -Mr. and Mrs. Thos. Evans, ofPine Grove, Mr. and Mrs., MattEvans, of Indiana, were recentgueitsof Mr. and Mrs. P. B. Evans and family, near Paris. ' . . "?Quick ActionBUY YOUR SHOESWe cannot too strongly urge you to buy your needsnow. Prices greatly advanced in all lines of shoes.Our enormous stocks in our retail stores and mammoth warehouses only enables us to still give youthese incomparable values.The most btautlful''IJ - ' IDon't Put it Off; BuyLadies' Dark Grey Boots, Turns, dj'e QCcustom made, at-.....'. tyu.13Ladies' Mahogany Tan English dejBoots, calf tops, at... .......;.;. .-.RuuLadies' Mahogany Tan English o QCBoots, cloth tops to match, at. . '. . .vyOTLadies' Gun Metal English pbots Jjo qwing tip, low theel, at '. f,Ladies' jGun Metal, button, dWQlow heel, at '. :.:.;... MDANPins' Greatest Shoe Store. Somebody's Dollars Will Do It IT! .Somebody's Dollars Will Do It1 Wonder if They'll Be Yours- By Bruce BartonWILL tell you what will happen somanight this winter in. France. Somenight when .its cold and dark. ThereIwill be a rustling through the front linetrench, where our boys stand guard. Anda heavy ladened Secretary will makehis way along.In his hands will be great steamingpots: in his pocket chocolate and cigarettes. From one man to another he will go,passing a cup full of hot coffee to handsthat tremble with the cold ; bringing thecomfort of a bit of sweet and a smoke.Men will hail himhim on the back ; andthings will be a littlebecause he has passed that way.How much will it cost to make thattrip, do you suppose? Counting thepittance that the Secretary is paid, andthe cost of the chocolate and the cigarettes and all?- Five dollars? Twenty-five dollars?I do not know.But whether it' is five dollars ortwenty-five, Vf like to think that it ismy five or twenty-five wouldn't you?That some night when it's cold and lonesome, my money and yours might send aSecretary out along that frontlinetrench.Let's make up our minds that we aregoing to pay for a score of those trips.A score of the nights this winter shall beour nightsnights when the boys greet joyously the chocolate and cigarettes thatour money provided; and are happierbecause our representative has passed.fcdfcUnited War WorkCampaignTmIVJHThis Space Contributed By Patriotic Citizens of ParisTo Help Win theWar.The News Job Department is Always Busy."There's a Reason." Work Done Right!fful and highest qualityLadies' Dark Grey andMahogany Tan Boots Inall sizes and widths atBARGAINPRICESMEN'S TANHIGH CUTS1 $5.00 Values atSpecialWhileLastTheyShoeS34SMen's Dark Tan English bench j- (-ipade, at 40OIMen's Tan English, Best Makes, ef CfYMen's Gun Metal Walk-Over, ao AtEnglish $0.4yMen's and Boys' E: J. Best Wear- e aaI.ing Shoes, heavy flexible soles KUUBoys' Tan Home Guard Shoes-o ACOHENWhere Beauty and Economy, Refrocheerily, slapping iwhen he has gone 'easier in that trenchFor the Boysthe ServiceinNOW!fcferNeeds Now!rLiltDemanded iIIII fIfI IIm Idr J? I( .b UjKfi&u1 I v1 II mi L- mtm . s-arjf.