WV.' '4'& lyr-?:V 4t-i ti r ti i vTHENEWSPE-' .IIIivy-isfssisi;).. -PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY. AND EHFHY EN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXVII 1PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRI JAY, APRIL 18. 1919BOURBONLEXINGTON GIVES BAEROWUNIT WARM WELCOME..vGlad hands were extended at Lexington, Tuesday afternoon,, to theb-members of the Barrow HospitalUnit, largely recruited from CentralKentucky, and in -which many Bourbon county men and women were formonths stationed in England on active duty. A large delegation ofBourbon, county people went to Lexington, Tuesday, to help in the welcome to the returning Unit and togive them the right glad-to-see-you-againdeclaration.There had "been, scheduled a forxxa military parade, with fitting ceremony. But the joy of the homecoming broke all military disciplineand tne -welcome accorded the boysvras one delightful informal affair,yew organizations were out formally to 'meet the Unit, but far better,everybody was out Informally tomeet it, and the smiles and the handshakes and the light in the eyes ofths home folk was far better to thetome-comers than any amount offormal speechmaking could ever havebesn.The short welcome accorded themby Judge Kerr and the city fathersvhen they appeared before the reviewing stand were a sufficient evidence of the feeling which! the cityv-ished to formally express.The program! in brief- was a parade, a short welcome, dinner at thePhoenix and an hour's visit with thehome folks.The dinner at the hotel was aivmitiful affair." 1S every soldier and nurse therewas apportioned informally a numberof beautiful young girls and matrons,who assisted in serving them the delicious dinner. Pink and white carnations and roses were the decorations. At 7:15 the unit left for CampTaylor, after spending the four hapfpiest hours m its experience.Besides- the former Bourbon countymembers of the Unit who had previously received their discharge fromthe service, John H. Mogan andDouglass Clay, the members whotook part in the proceedings Tuesday, were the following, who havebeen with the organization since itsinception:First Class Privates Oscar C,Ashcraft, Leslie C. BlapkenbipEmil B. Buchanan, Russell E. Cald'well, Samuel Dick, Thomas E. Qhmore, Elbert E. Honican,, Julian A.Ingels, Theo. Upington, .AJvfnThompson; Miss Minnie Robfnsonand Mrs. Nellie Honey,, Turner. xSeveral rasmbss- 6t the organiSa.tion remained in the service andIN THE SERVICE OF THEIRCOUNTRY.Private James Moran, formerly ofParis, who has recently received hishonorable discharge from the armyservice, is a guest of his sister, Mrs.James E. Craven. Mr. Moran was inoverseas service with the 169th Ohioand was gassed in one of. the battles,one of his hands showing the effects. He was mustered out of theservice at Camp Sherman, near Chillecothe, Ohio, and came to Paris afew days ago. He had with him acomplete lot of souvenirs', embracing helmet, gas mask, etct, used inthe army service.oBIG LOT SALE ATNORTH MID-DLETOWN, TUESDAY,APRIL 22.The Bryan property at North Mid.dletown will be sold at public saleon Tuesday, April 22. Come aridhave a big day with" us. Brass band,good auctioneers and the ladies ofthe Christian church will serve dinner. Remember the date, Tuesday,April 22, at ten o'clock a. m. Be ontime, and get your ticket in on 'afree lot that we will give' away that-day to the lucky holder.WAKEFIELD-DAV2S .REALTY CO.BOARD OF SUPERVISORS ARE INSESSION.The Bourbon County Board "of TaxSupervisors are in session at thecourt house going over the assessment of the county for the purposeof equalization. The Board is composed of D. C. Parrish, Joe PennRedmon, Ray Burris, Ben Woodford,Robt. Meteer, Sam Houston, GeorgeCurrent, E. M. Costello, (Chairman) ,Pearce Paton, clerk.. oLINOLEUMS, CARPETS AND RUGSMost beautiful showing this springin linoleums, carpets and rugs.Don't buv without first Vseeing us.and getting our prices .we save youmoney.(It) THE J. T. HINTON CO.MEETING TO PERFECT LIBERTYLOAN PLANS.The managers and producers of theVictory Loan campaign, which is tobe inaugurated on next Monday,April 21, will hold a meeting at thecourt house to-morrow night. Atthis meeting plans will be perfectedfor conducting the campaign.All the details will be arranged,commitees and workers appointedand all the features of the campaigndiscussed from every viewpoint. Thepromoters will endeavor to make thecampaign as short as possible. .Allcitizens of. the city' and1 county whoare interested are urged to attendthis meeting, -. Bourbon county is 'making advancepreparations on a large, scale, forpromoting the Victory Loan Mr.Buckner Woodford, under whoseable .guidance, the other loans havebeen put forward in a large degree,has been retained as Chairman forthis campaign, which it is hoped tocomplete in a very short time.County Coroner Rudolph Davis,who was some time ago appointedpublicity secretary for Bourbon county, has been busy, putting up postersand has placarded every precinct -inthe county with the .posters l advertising the Loan.One of the features of the campaign 'will be the appearance hereon Tuesday of one of the Whippettanks, which played so important apart in the prosecution of the war.The tank will be brought to Paris onTuesday morning from Georgetown,and will be met near the city limitsby a committee and escorted to Paris.The tank will be in charge of anofficer and a detail of men. "Aftermaking a parade through the streetsof the city, the tank will be takento the city rock quarry, where a demonstration of its workings will begiven, and the officer in charge willgive a short talk explaining its operations and uses. After the demonstration the tank will be placed onthe court house square for the inspection of the public:. . It .3111remain there until three o'clock inthe aftemoon-when it will be takenNEW OF INTEREST FROM THE; i - OIL XfgLDS.At a meeting of the incorporatorsof the Parboken Oil Company, heldat the company's office Tuesday, thefollowing temporary officers wereseleeted to look after the company'sinterests: James M. Caldwell, president ; Dr. J. M. Williams, vice-presidentClarence K. Thomas, treasurer;. Oscar Hinton, organizationsecretary, and Win. Collins, fieldmanager.The following were selected as directors; James M. Caldwell, Woodford Buckner, A. B. Hancock, JohnWoodford, Ed. Hinton, Edsell Clarke,Roy F. Clendenin, Wm. Collins, O.T. Hinton.,. Th'e, papers incorporating thecompany were sent to the office ofthe Secretary of State Tuesday. Thearbpken Company as present constituted represents a consolidation ofseveral concerns now operating in4t$r4Centucky oil fields, among them$hef Paris Gas & Oil Co., the CaneRidie Oil & Gas Co., the RedmonKinkead Oil Co. having holdings inOwsley county, and the John Jonesleasein.Lee county properties producing about one hundred barrelsdaily??' 1 cThe company will incorporate for50 0J)00 shares of the par value of$1.00 'each-, under the laws of theState of- Delaware.The 'Bourbon Oil and Development Company has brought in asmall well on the southern edge ofthe Millie Freeman lease, in Estillcounty. This is the company's No.3 well, which is rated as good forfive barrels.oDON'T WAIT BUY &0W TOBACCO sticks:MRS. MARY ANN KELLEY PASSES!HER 102D BIRTHDAY.LODGE NEWS.The Pythian Sisters are expecting;On March 13. 1919. Marv Ann a visit in May irom tne omcera.orKellev. a colored woman of Paris ltne Grand Lodge.., , ,.j celebrated her 102d birthday, and incidentally did her household washing and ironing, and cooked themeals for her 73-year-old son, Richard-Kelley. - Her age is authentic,she possessing documents to showthat she was born. March 13, 1817,near Newtown, Scott county, Kentucky, making her now in her 103dyear. Her son was born December13, 1838.Despite her advanced years, "AuntMary" is still in practically goodhealth, although she is compelled touse a cane in going about the houseperforming her daily duties. Herflesh is gradually disappearing andher temples and eyes are deep sunkenbehind the furrowsof old age. Hermind is wonderfully preserved aridher vast store of experiences covering1 'a century are most interestingto listen to. Her great enjoyment isBuy tobacco sticks now and youwill get better quality and just aslow. or lower, prices than you willget later. At this season of the yearwe buy only from mills making extragood quality sticks; later when therush comes we have to take what weon p-pt Anticipate vour needs.to Millersburg and placed on dis- haul tnem now ana get them sharpnlay there. It' will be brought back ened on rainy days and at otherThe members ofthe Paris lodge will visit the wivesand daughters and sisters of membersof the local K. of P. lodge at anearly date, on a membership; campaign. Be ready to meet thenu. - ,The Second Rank in Pythianism'was conferred recently on Sello Wollstein, Richard H. Wills and R. -O.Hertig. The First Ranlc was conferred last night on several othercandidates.The Thisd Degree was conferredon Walter Oakley, Morris Stern andLanden Templin at a recent meetingof the Masonic Blue Lodge. .' THE BIG RTTG SALE. ihave been sent to France, 'wherethpv are doing hospital work.I Amnnrr thp. number were Miss Mary.t.w..q --T- -, w ,, .ji., XTTnnaStoae-ft-ana Jrivave i-w iuit P DonaI UUIU JL :..iFRAN K& CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSGREAT'SPRING DRIVEWhat Are You Going to WearEaster Day?DINNER DRESSES. SUITS 'COATSDOLMANS-" CAPESnlft-Vto Paris, remain here over night, andbe taken to Cynthiana the followingmorning. It had been the intentionoriginally to take the tank to otherparts of the county for display, buttn official torner from tne neaaquarters at Cleveland, Ohio, changed theschedule so that it will only be seenat these two places. Tlie tanK.ia'.u.'"6V-, Skirts In All Snades, of -theNewest Materials . . ,Waists in Georgette Crepe; Crepede Chene and. French Voiles;vfti;fi'1,KJPGLOyES; NECKWEARSILK-HOSIERYMjfcjT?f-Vr'ur.- c1 J -iERANK &transnorted on a large GoxernmftitflfCikf' - ' - e-U- rt V-Ph -visit or the Navy Band toParis has been told of in previous'issues of THIS NEWS. It will come'to Paris on Saturday night, give aparade and a short concert, then onSunday afternoon and evening concerts will be given a the GrandOpera House,, in connection with thefilm, "The Price of Peace." Dr.Franklin Cole Sherman, rector of St.Paul's Episcopal church, of Akron,Ohio, will deliver a fifteen-minute address. .'On Thursday morning, May 1, asan afterpart for the Victory Loancampaign Paris will be visited bythe Flying Circus, composed of several of the most recent types of airplanes and aeroplanes used m tneGovernment service. These planes,in charge of experienced aviators,will give exhibitions of air attacks,battle formations, and give an exhibition of fancy stunts in the air, suchas have been given all through thedistrict and will be given at otherplaces. Two DeHavilland machinesand two Curtiss planes will make upthe squadron. The machines willcome here from Lexington. Theywill do all kinds of nose dives, spiralglides, mock bombing, battles in theair.and a little ore oi every umue.Everybody get ready for the cam-iP-nWhen it starts on next Monday you will be asked to subscribeVery likely you win suoscnue. xi.you. are known to be able to subscribe and do not, you will be amarked person, likely to receive thescorn of your friends and neighbors.Get in right, and do the right thing.Everybody in the community willknow what you do. There will beno hiding it. The committees, as inprevious campaigns, will work inevery precinct in the county, andthey will not overlook anyone, if possible. So as not to conflict' with theper-' f ormance at the Grand Opera House,Saturday night the concert to begiven by the Navy iJana win iutonly thirty minutes, and will begiven from 6:00 to. 6:30 p. m. infront of the court house. ' The Bandwill parade from -the Tenth streetpassenger station-rof thevL.-& N. downMain', to the court-io use, where theconceVt will be given.ened on rainy daystimes when your men have a fewhours between jobs. Our stock isexcellent quality and practically 100per cent. good.It don't pay to put off doing anything. The man who succeeds is thelive wire always ahead with hiswork. Anticipate your needs nownd make our contracts. MaterialsrntruktivA already advanced some and the";' indications are' ""thUt they will gohigher. .We deliver anywhere at reasonable prices: TBOURBON LUMBER CO.,M. Peale Collier Manager.Yards Corner Main and fourteenthStreets, Paris, Ky7Both Phones 122. (tf)r' Y. M. C. A. ELECTS.The following Board of Directorswere recently elected for the Bourbon County Y. M. C. A.: Dr. D. S.,Henrv. A. B. Hancock, Harry Kers-lake, Wim. G. McClintock, CatesbySpears, Henry L. Terrill, J. SimsWilson, "M.- Peale Collier, JohnWoodford, Wm. O. Hinton, PearcePaton,' James M. Caldwell, uwen l,.Davis, Y. 'H. Harrison, J. W. Jones,Lee Kirpatrick, Chas. G. Green,Thomas W. Spicer, William D. McIntyre, R. F. Clendenin and H. A.Power. .At a meeting of the Board of Directors the f'olowing 'officers wereelected: President, Wm. O. Hinton;cording secretary, x. namsuu,cording secretary, Y. H. Marrlson;treasurer, Pearce Paton., oA NEW HAT FOR EASTER.Choose' one of our new Stetsonsor Borsalions.(It) J. W. DAVIS & CO.to have, hey white friends gather-ofan evening and listen in silanfc? ad?,miration to the tales she unfblaof'the old past when- she was a slave.She was-orginally the property ofa Mrs. Hartless in Scott county, gfhesays her mistress died of the rqtcholera plague in 1832, and by theterms of her will "Aunt Mary'' wasgiven her freedom. Sne tells manyinteresting stories, of the Indian, warsof those days and of the relics shesaw brought home by the soldiers.She moved to Paris at the close ofthe Civil War and has since residedhere with her son. For 65 years sheran a spinning wheel and wove' ragcarpets which met with a ready salein those days at good prices. She isof a kind and sympathetic nature,smokes her corn cob pipe frequentlyOne of our departments that wetake great- pride in is, our Rug Department It's a dream Our storer.ipoften Called the "Rug -Store" because it has a stock of rugs thatwould fill an ordinary furniturestore. The prices are- consisted,too, because we bought them right.(It) THE J. T. HINTON CO.-. :and welcomes her guests with air thegrace of a queen.On her last birthday she was pre-tsented with a cake by Miss LucySimms, sister of .E. F. Simms, themillionaire oil magnate and horseman. The cake contained 102 candles and "Aunt Mary" gave it the,place of honor on her sitting roomtable and showed it with pride tothe score of guests who called tooffer their congratulations.Her son, Richard Kelley, withwhom she makes her home, is a living example of what the colored man.may accomplish by honesty, industryand economy. He is 73 years of age,and proudly boasts that he neverentered a saloon in his life, or tooka drink of intoxicating liquor. Henever used tobacca in any form andnever uttered an oath. He owes noman a dollar. He believes God hasblessed himself and his mother, and.attributes his health an: happlrwes'to his- daily habit of prayer andcommunion with'the Master.Without education" or any otherknowledge save that whlclL hogathered through, observation andfrom the blue back spelling boot, hejbecame a carpenter and builder, andtto-day has property valued at over"$30,000, bringing him an income;sufficient to support himself andjtmother in their old age. -"Aunt Mary" now- has -living- oneson, one daughter, seven "grandnhildren. twelve ereat errandchildren.and one great-great, grandson, who?-represents the fifth generation.: -"One of her grandsons,' Thomas B.Kelley, of Paris, is well known onthe Western Racing" Circuit, having,been employed at many of the principal tracks in the responsible positions of messenger. yGOI IT-'--" m;-'. fLADIES'riDUFITTERSCHARGEDWITH COLDGAME.CHECKDRESSCORRECTLY V,F0REASTERPARADETHEWith -stylish .footwear, at Mg savings; . - -.. . DAN, COHEN'S,-:' : . Paris' Greatest Shoe Storei , : o jWHAT-DA-YA-MEAK. STYLE!Here's .one .answer a room'decor-ated with those "spankin" new patterns bf.wall paperbeing shown byus. Cpme, n and, look them over. ., (It) "" THE J. T. HINTON CO, ....r RATER'S BAKERY, PRODUCTS.The; products from Ritter's Bakeryare tne oesi. tnat cu ue uuwmsu.I Fresh ibread,. cakes, ,rolls, etc., everyI dav. ' i Customers - served through.II J ..'.J nnloTaAHnn Onm.ii j ernneTS aiisuieu ui dhupiovhuh. .....Chief of Police Leonard Howard,came to Paris, Wednesday nighty andarrested three young Cerlisle boyswho were wanted in that city forpassing "cold" checks on Carllemerchants. They were found in theFordham Hotel poolroom, where theywere placed under, arrest and takenback to Carlisle in an auto.The "cold" check game has beenindustriously worked 4jy b everalyoung men in 'this vicinity; but thechecks have been made good, andprosecution thereby averted.o-t''LAPIES, KIGHT AT"Y."The gymnasium classes for the women are-proving very instructive. Amembership feeiQfv.ten dollar peryear provided for body building workin the gym and swimming in season.Membership tickets are issued andthe jrinn and' swimming pool are reserveTeach. Monday and- Thursdaynights for ladieB.v-Gbme at 7:30aridjoin the class. f' ' ' - "WALK-OVER PUMP R EASTE&a viaaVififni hlack and' patent kidthat helps "your feeling-as much asyaur .looks.- f "' ' ,. . .7 , DAN-COHEN'S, .. Paris' Greatest- Shoe Store;WE KNOW HOWnWEATHERIs Here, and NaturallyYour Thoughts Turn toSPRING CLOTHESWE ARE RE ADY . to show you the season'snewest styles in men's and young men'sSuits. Stein-Bloch and Michael Sterns fineready-to-wear clothes cannot be excelled when itcomes to style, quality and-workmanship.Many fancy patterns greens, tans, blacks,black and white, shepherd plaids, greys, stripes andplaids. -' -J' Many different style coats for the young fellows panel backs, close; fitting .coats, and 'plainIf you want quality, and service in clofthesletyour Spring Suit conielfroriiburistorevC SH - '?' ,siMi ii-aj't'. o-biCt,t,saee.Be on time aVttfe- big lo gle tohe held m CT-vth. Middleton.:onIkiiLv. An..i Sat.'ten'o.'clock-.Prices Range From$35.00 to $50.00j.WLMITCHELL BLAKEMORErsetcietpn siloes il ;i ADr. Reed's Cushion Sole ShoesManhattan Shirts " -- Stetson Hatsri.-"ev -nrcf.J-!'?- , S.J1 J-,J1. U-fctnttlberland phone' 850. JkS.Hi vherlanji(It)' RITTER-'SAKERY:i-t, ?es3acy- ivr, --FrflAre. be c5v;en &wy.' ip.e"- JiH W '.r MGE TWO1 sTHE BOUBBOU NEWS. PARIS, gEMTUCK.FRIDAY, APHIL 18, 1919.SUTBDERLAimS ADDRESS jAT MEMORIAL SERVICE.The following adddress was delivered at the memorial services heldSttad&y in the Paris Cemetery byMrs. Pannlebelle Suthrland, President of the Federated Clubs at Paris:It is with a deep sense of reyerance and a consciousness of inabilitythat I stand before you.This is holy ground, made sacredalready to most of us, but to-day yejmM. the supreme touch to the spot indedicating this grove to the memoryof our boys.They can no longer be claimed by,a small circle, for in answering theSummons, they died for you and for-,e. "Greater love hath no man.""' "What more fitting: or more beauti-ftf' 'emblem could be raised to ounnational 'heroes than that a treefcouldf orever in their names lift itsbeauty arid strength toward the'fcevetis. '' llx Dlantine: trees we plant hope.faith, joy. youth, love.Set trees for the boys Over There ;Trees To live, and to laugh and beglad,'As they would have done;:Trees, to be young with the springiDrawing(anew ,. Sirength "f rom each glorious dayAs they used to do.Elms for the grace of their youthSet them with care;Oaks,.'andvtHe centfurjed. pines,' Q?6r theboys Over There.'Alive with,;the Jubilant joyOi -dawn-light- and sun,,T0 'siag in the wind's 6f the world.J-WKat'our herdes .have done.Set-trees for the boys Over There'J As ttime 'gVows on 'these treesgrow into splendid specimens of thetMIIIIIHtmiliUIHimiUIHHHIIIHIIIIHIHIIII The J. T.UNDERTAKERSAND MMVALMMRSMainMMlSfKfchParisT SubsetMotor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.nillMIMMHinfMimHHMItMM'MUIIIIIIU?aaK'IBlBjBKJHBaBsllaTBIlBsBBBB'fiallBIniajl !IZ-!1-L-Zi-!J-M- - ' ' 'ii i ' in in ! i " ' ' 1 1XHere's the big work, littlecost tractor the TitanKHTMKE Titan 10-20 has been on the market forI years, and has made good without reservation.10 horsepower at the draw bar 20 horsepowerat the belt.A well-balanced tractor that is suited to aH farmJ power work. It drives easily, affords maximum pull-ing power for its weight, and is suited in every way tothe general, run of farm work. Not too large for the. small-farm, yet large enough to handle a great volumeI of work.Use it with an4 i.We recommend that you! your Titan .tractor because.it means the best plowing1 under all conditions. The combined rolling coulteri and jointer buries all trash and weeds at the bottom1 of the furrow ,;ihe stop device maintains an even depth! of furrow; "the plow points enterand leave the groundi first, making it possible to plow clear to the ends of , the. field; "inrfltLe trip rope control operates easily fromthe driver's seat ch "the tractor.We-hfiTve arfull lineof Oliver plows as well as .the.Titan tractor here at our salesroom.4-C. S, PALL GARAGEV Mif rat. MjBflBB9"'aBkLMN&aBHHMiMHBaiMvBaaaaaaaaaaaaaTalBlBaaaaSViVBPBaaaaaaaaaaaaiBvHPBBaaal ' 'HHHaaaaaBihClAsVyjBsHSBaalforest, so will grow the fame of ourheroes whom we -Honor nere. ?The Eternal Gpd will bless them'in their sleeji, and .their graves willbe foreyer kept green by those whoenjoy liberty Hhrdugh their supremesacrifice.Future generations will marvel attheir greatness when hearing thestory of Soissons, Chateau Thierry,Ballean Wood, Argonne Forest orSedan.For all time to come, April 6, wemust count a redt letter day.There seems some peculiar fatalityfor America in the month of April.You remember.'The Revolution was ushered in bytheBattle of Lexington April 191775.The Mexican War started with thefirst blood shedApril 231846.Our Civil Strife was herald by thefall of Ft. SumterApril 13 1861.The Spanish War, to protect aneighbor people was launchedApril 211898.And in the world War, America'shour struck.April 61917.With no thought of selfish advancement of any character, ournation went forth to battle for theprecervation of liberty, democracyand Christianity for the world.From 1914 to 1917, tales of horror,cries of need, denial of rights, knocked at our door.We could no longer hold the lads.They looked into our faces saying:"I could not love thee, dear, so muchloved I not honor more."Had you not taught them to reverethe lives of heroes and of martyrs, toHinton Co.Ky.Day phone 36INIsht : . .56or Home 206Oliver Plow-ruse an Oliver plow, withstand for right and liberty and freedom?All over this land from the heartsof mothers arose the cry, "Let thiscup pass."But you equipped them with weapons of war and sent them forth tolive, to bleed, to die that a world,and even the people of our enemymight be free; that but one kingshall reign, one who knows justice,mercy, goodness and truth.. The pages of history shall throughout all the ages perpetuate theirdeeds and the white stars of our beloved banner will 'take on a goldenglory forever more.And we are to keep faith with theboys who come back. Let us makethem feel that we pass them with asalute in our hearts, that it is not onlyour duty but our privilege to pay thebill.In this war we have lost much,lives and treasure, but we have gained much, a new, a regenerated citizenship. These home coming soldierswho have been ready to fight andready to die for their country, willbe fitted to live for their countryas never before.They will be one of the greatestfactors in our problem of reconstruction, they will make better citizens,better officials, and they will take alivelier interest in choosing officials.' Their military experience willhave given them valuable informationfor use in civil life.The great spiritual reconstructionnow in the air will gain force alsothrough them. They have seen theagencies of Protestant, Catholic andJew ministering side by side.They will be poor partisans in sectarian disputes and will understandno rivalry except rivalry in doinggood.We have sent these boys to thegreat University of the World andthey have returned to us big hearted,broad visioned, deep-souled.From every quarter have come official reports giving detailed accountsof the valor of our soldiers on land,on sea and in air, no nation can boastof greater examples of fortitude andcourage.In honoring our American troopswe pay tribute to men who made thecleanest, the bravest, the knightliest,the mightiest army that ever marchedto battle.The past two years tell a wonderful story.Stupendous things have been accomplished. The patriotism and brains thathave led us thus far, are still at thehelm.Let us have faith and be loyal. ,We are now at one of the greatestand gravest periods in history.The world looks to America andyou are America. -The armistice issigned but peace is not yet. Thevery foundations of civilization aretrembling in the balance.Let it not, in truth, again be saidof us as Germany stated, that whenshe struck, Belgium would be benumbed with fright, France in decay,England in indifference and America,America in businessWe must plead guilty, but youflung the charge back into Germanteeth, and they now know that whenever the bugle calls you'll answer,"Here," that in the days to come youwill seek the nation's good above allpersonal interests.To our women, a word, you whoformed that great third lnp of defense, you who gave your first born,or perhaps your only boy, keep tothe standard. There is yet work todo, "woman's function" is a guidingnot a determining one. You remember the story of Queen Esther, howshe shrank from entering the presence of the King unbidden. But heruncle demanded that she save herpeople saving: "Who knows but thouart come to the kingdom fo-- such atime as this "Let that be as a message to you-"who knows but thou art come to thekingdom for such a time as this."What we say' here to-day can addnothing to tre fame of our beloveddead, ttere is a glory which sur-r9UH wfrdsIt is for the living that we holdsuch a service, that they may learnfrom the dead, the .sublime lessons ofsacrifice, service and .patriotism;So to-day while we do honor toour fallen heroes, let us dedicate ourselves anew to the principles of theStars and Stripes.Let us jpledge one to the otherthat the great deeds done by theAmerican boys shall not be in vain.Let us, as citizens be as brave vandas worthy as our sons and daughterswho wore the uniforms of the nationand of the great Red Cross.Let us catch the vision that istheirs. Let us pray as did Solomonof old, for largeness of heart. "Narrowness of heart makes War, Largeness of heart brings peace."OUR HONORED SOLDIER DEAD:'Private Charles Adair. )Died of Influenza Camp Taylor.Sergt. Bishop Batterton.Died of wounds in France.Private John Blythe.Died of Influenza Camp Meade,Md.Private Charles G. Butler.Died of Influenza-; Camp Meade,Md.Private James E. Cain.Killed in action France.Private Harry H: Chinn.Died' of Influenza Camp Taylor,KyiPrivate Harry H. Cunningham.Killed in battle Oct. 8, 1918,France. ,Elgin Dalgell Seaman.Died of Influenzaa PhiladelphiaNavy Hospital.Private Clennie Dunnigan.Died of Influenza Salt Lake City,Utah.Private James Fuller, (volunteer)Killed in battle Oct 31, 1918France.Private Wm. A. Huddleston. ;Died of Influenza Camp Taylor,Ky.Captain Reuben Hutchcraft, Jr.' Killed in battle, Nov. 6, 1918France.Seaman Raymond Leslie Link..Died of Influenza Great Lakes,HI. "Sereeant Joseph JL Holt. ' -iedo&diseass Covington;'Private Mi.Icr Casey.HOANBSAVES WIFEFrom Suffering by GettingHer Lydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable CompoundPittsburgh, Pa. " For many monthsI was not able to do my work owing toa weakness wnicncaused backacheand headaches. Afriend called m yattention to one ofyour newspaperadvertisements andimmediately myhusband boughtthree bottles ofLydia E. Pinkham'sV eg e table Compound "for me."After taking twoVu-vffloa T folf -finaw;t&&ftiand my troubles caused by that weakness are a thing of thepast. All womenwho suffer as I did should try Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound."Mrs. J as. 'Rohbberg, 620 Knapp St.,N. S., Pittsburgh; Pa.Women who suffer from any form ofweakness, as iridicatedby displacements,inflammation, ulceratidn,v irregularities,,backache, headaches, nervousness 6c"the blues," should accept Mrs.' Rohrberg's suggestion and give Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound athorough trial.For over 'forty years it has beencorrecting such ailments. If you havemysterious 'complications write foradvice to Lydia E. Pihkham MedicineCo., Lynn, Mass.Died of disease France.Private James Mahorney.Killed in battle France.Private Kelly B. Osborne.Died of disease France.Lieut. James Weaver Neal.Died of disease in France.Private Strother Prewitt.Died of wounds in France.Private Robert Rice.Died of Influenza Camp Meade,Md.Private Luther Carl Shanks.Died of wounds in France.Private Wm. Vice.Died of disease Camp Sheridan,Ala.Reports from the War Departmentannounce the death of Sergt. W. W.Stickrod, a former resident of Paris,where he was employed in the traindispatcher's office of the Louisville& Nashville. Stickrod was reportedas having been killed in action in dneof the last big battles' in France. Hewas a brother of Mr. J. L. Stickrod,also a former employe of the sameoffice, who is now stationed atShearer, Ky. Stickrod is well remembered here among the railroademployes and other citizens of thiscity. . .DIZZINESS IS ANNOYINGAs Many Paris People Know TooWell.When the kidneys are weak ordisordered, they fall behind in filtering the blood of poisons. Asthese poisons attack the nerves, theresult is felt in spells of vertigo,just as drunkeness will make a mandizzy from the poisoning of alcohol.Dizziness,headache, backache and irregularity of the kidney secretionsare all signs of weak or disorderedkidneys and should not be neglected.Use Doan's Kidney Pills, the homeendorsed kidney remedy. Readthis Paris resident's statement:Mrs. J. W. Markland, 326 Eighthstreet, says: "Some few years agoI suffered severely with kidney complaint and some times was in a serious condition. I had a constant dullache across the small of my backand I was terribly dizzy at timesTI have used Doan's Kidney Pills forthis trouble and they. have helpedme more than anything else, alwaysrelieving me of the complaints."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney PiUs the same thatMrs. Markland had. Foster-TM'ilbuniCo.. Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.(adv)oIt may be hard to make NewYork realize it, but the truth isthere were other divisions besidesthe twenty-seventh that encounteredthe enemy.oWHOOPING COUGH.Give Chamberlain's Cough Remedyto keep the cough coose and expectoration easy. It is execellent.(adv-april)DON'T OVERLOOKthe advantages of the new bifocallens. They save you the expense ofan extra pair and do away with theannoyance of a dividing line.Come in and let us fit you to a pairof, BIFOCAL GLASSESthat make distance and reading equally distinct.DR. 0. L FRYE,(10niar-tf) ' Paris, Ky;'SPEEE .WILL NOT UKE RACEFOR GOVERNOR."At the expiration of my term asState Banking Commissioner,. I expect to"" retire to private "life," wasthe answer given to a delegation offriends from the Blue Grass, whocalled on George G. Speer, in Frankfort, and solicited him to make therace for the Democratic nominationfor Governor.Banking Commissioner Speer saidthat while he appreciated the interest displayed by his friends in urging him to make the race, he did notintend to become a candidate forGovernor or for State Auditor.This statement by Mr. Speer quietsthe rumor that has been afloat sinceThos. S. Rhea announced for Governor, that Commissioner Speerwould seek the nomination for StateAuditor.At the conclusion of his term asBanking Commissioner Mr. Speer expects to enter the business world.o .Apparently the peace conference isaccepting the fact that SenatorLodge won the debate.Gloves Found.Pair of black kid gloves werefound in Paris Cemetery, Saturday.Owner may nave same ' by provingproperty and paying for this advertisement. , (15-2t)Lost Horse.Strayed from my home on the NewForest farm, on the Maysville pike,a dark bay mare, with heavy maneand tail. Mark of traces on left hip.Suitable reward for her return orfor information leading to her recovery. JOS. CAMERON,Route No. 4, Box 9, Paris, Ky.Clerks WantedGovernment clerk examinationsApril 23, May 17. Hundred ofclerks needed, $92 month. Youngmen, 18 and over, desiring government positions, departmental, railway mail, postoffice, write for freeparticulars. J. C. Leonard, (formerCivil Service Examiner), 945 Equitable Building, Washington, D. C.(15-4t)LostRewardRed steer, between Paris andEwalt's Cross Roads. Notify the undersigned and receive suitable reward. W. S. HAGGARD,Cumb. Phone 948. Paris, Ky.Auto Tire Lost.Lost, between Lexington and Carlisle, a 34x4 Goodrich Cord AutoTire. Reward if returned toDONALD B. NEAL,346 East Main St.,(11-tf) Lexington, Ky.WANTED.Upholstering and Repairing.Household Furniture Bought andSold. Motto: Quick Sales and SmallProfits. iHICKS FURNITURE CO.,C. M. Coyle, Upholsterer and Manager. No. 4, Broadway, Paris, Ky.Cum. Phoned 2 2. (21-lmo)For SaleVacant lot on Scott avenue,50x200 feet. Very 'desirable forerection of home. Is in nice" surroundings. DR. WM. RILEY FRANKLIN.(21-tf)Drs. Coover & WatsonVETERNARIANS,Office, Bourbon Garage.Both Phones 347.(Successors to Dr. H. M. Hamilton.)(1 5apr-lmo-pd )PUBLIC SALEOf Pleasant St. Property.We will sell at public auctionSaturday, April 19, at 2 p. m.,on the premises the McCarney property, -located on Pleasant S,treet, between Eleventh and Twelfth Streets. . House contains eight rooms, hall,presses, two porches, bath, electric "lights and gas. It has large gardenand splendid 'cistern: Ijot 100x250 feet, 'more orless.This property:is well located, convenient down town and must boseen to be appreciated.The undersigned will gladly show property to anyone interested.TERMS Made known on day of sale. . ' '' vNOTICE!Immediately following this sale we will offer for sale, on the premises, one of .the most desirable building lots in Paris, fronting hi ty-flve, .-feet on Sigh street, and having a depth of, 'two hundred feet, adjotoingthe property of Dr. P. P. Campbell and Hugh Brent. For particulars,,calL us up, or -see Mr. Harry J. Mitchell.WANTEDTo rent a furnished house beginning May 1 or June 1. Will leasefor any period agreeable to owner.(15-tf) MRS. M. U. BKOWJNING-.Alfalfa and Stock Farms.50,000 acres to select from. Writefor full information and literature.MAER'REALTY CO.,Dispatch Bldg.,(28-4 t-F ) , Columbus, Mississippi.For Sale- Two mare mules, ages 3 and 4years. Well broken and work finetogether. Apply toMISS LETITIA CLAY,Paris, Ky.,(8) Cumb. Phone 204.LOSTSomewhere between Paris and Little Rock, a Waltham watch, withinitials "L. W. C." engraved on. back.Suitable reward for return to thisoffice. (11-tf)Keys Found.A bunch of keys on Lexingtonpike, near W. W. Hall's. Ownermay have same by proving propertyand paying for this advertisement.(8-f)FOR SALE!We offer for sale privately, urtwo-story brick residence situated on the west side of Main street,near Tenth street. The lot has afrontage of 54 feet on Main street,running back between parallel linesa distance of about 218 feet to Highstreet. The house contains about 10rooms, with basement under the entire house; is in good condition andin a fine neighborhood. Goou cistern on the premises. There i3 asplendid building lot' fronting onHigh street.If you-are looking for a good homethis is the place that will suit you.Prospective purchasers are invitedto call and inspect the, property.ELIZABETH GRANNAN,MARY GRANNAN,WM. GRANNAN.(aprl-tf)FOR SALE AT!The real estate .firm of Thompson & Downs, at Taylorsvlile,Ky. have at last succeeded ingetting on their list for sale,among many others, one of thefinest farms in Kentucky, containing 350 acres 160 acres ingrass, 115 acres in wheat, thebest in the county and the balance has been in clover, and isnow being plowed, a great partof which has been plowed earlyThis land is in a high state ofcultivation. It has the finesthome in Nelson county, an eightroom residence, beside hall,porches, etc., all fitted up withelectric lights, water works,bath, toilet; is furnace-heated,and is modern in every respect.The place has a very fine cattlebarn with 120 individual stalls;lots of shed and loft room; has,two .large tile silos that willhold 330 tons; one of the finestcemented graineries in the'State; an eight-acre tobaccobarn, an extra good one; barnshave lights and water; threeextra good tenant houses, withall good outbuildings with each;good fencing all over the place;good orchard an plenty of goodwater. Price right. Address,THOMPSON & DOWNSReal Estate Agents,Taylorsville, Ky.(25-tf)LASTy-KT-V'SFRIDAY, APRIL 18, 1919.THE BOUBBOB' OTS PAWS. H5HTOOCTfliihsiThe Tongue TestPut a little alum on the end of yourtongue and you will have the reasonwhy alum baking powder should: not be used in food.England and France forbid the saleof baking powder containing, alum.You can tell whether baking powdercontains alum by reading the -label.ROYALBaking PowderAbsolutely PureRoyal Contains No AlumLeaves No Bitter TasteTRUSTEES NAMED FOR THECONFEDERATE HOME .Governor Stanley appointed trustees for the Kentucky ConfederateHome at Pewee Valley. Commissionswere issued to W. M. Moore, Cynthiana; Cliff Estill, Lexington; B. C.Browir, Bowling Green, and R. Perry,Warsaw, new members, and the following old members of the board:W. A. Mullion, John H. Leathers,Louisville; William N. Buinpus,Owensboro; N. R. Deatherage, Richmond; John B. Pirtle, Louisville; A.W. Macklin, Frankfort; Charles P.Jarrett, Hopkinsville; James Koger,Paducah; Mike Haggard, Georgetown; W. C, Kroft, Fulton.AT THE LEXINGTON OPERAHOUSE, APRIL 22-23.According to Hungary, if President Wilson does not come backuntil it is "over, over there" he isbooked for a long stay.QUICK RELIEFMCOKHGet Dr. Edwards' Olive TabletsThat is the joyful cry of thousandssince Dr. Edwards produced Olive Tablets,the substitute for calomel.Dr. Edwards, a practicing physician for17 years and calomel's old-time enemy,discovered the formula for Olive Tabletswhile, treating patients for chronic concupauon ana rorpiu livers.Dr. Edwards Olive Tablets do notcontain calomel, but a healing, soothingvegetable laxative.NcL griping is the "keynote" of theselittle sugar-coated, olive-colored tablets.They cause the bowels and liver to actnormally. They never force them tounnatural action.If you have a "dark brown mouth" nowand then a bad breath a dull, tiredfeeling sick headache torpid liver andare constipated, you'll find quick, sure andonly'pleasant results from one or two little Dr. Edwards Olive Tablets at bedtime.Thousands take one or two every nightjust to keep right Try them. 10c and25c per box, All druggists."Is it hard to make people laugh?"Henry J. Kooper, coming to the Lexington Opera House, April 22 and23, in "Friendly Enemies," recentlywas asked. "No, it isn't hard,"said Mr. Kooper, "although an audience varies. Some men go to see ashow with their minds preoccupiedwith business! they go to kill afew hours, but to laugh or enjoy anevening never!"I once made the late PittsburgPhil smile, but I never saw himlaugh he must have been thinkingof the play when he smiled, not ofthe horses."The play's the thing, but a manmust have personality an actor canhelp the play, and vice versa, butnot unless he has this quality."There, never lived, a comedian inthe world that 'wasn't a good actor.Those who are not good actors arecheating and they'll be caught someday they can't live long theirdays are short."Fortunately for nie playwrightshave allowed me freedom of speechand power to interpolate. I am :granted most -of the liberties andtake the rest. They all say theycould hot write the things I say, forif an actor were to write or try to,write the lines I deliver after i'have been playing for a month, toanyone reading manuscript it wouldsound ridiculous."Price, 55c, to $2.20, war tax included; oDO YOTJ SLEEP WELL?To be at his best a man mtust havesound, refreshing sleep. When, wakeful and restless at nightrhe.iisJinno,condition for work or business duringthe day. Wakefulness is often causedby indigestion and "constipation, andis quickly relieved by Chamberlain'sTablets. Try a dose of these tabletsand see how much .better you leel"with a clear head and good digestion.(adVTapril)oTheodore. Roosevelt was., a Freemason for many years. He was amember of Matintook Lodge of Freeand Accepted Masons.LIBERTY LOMT TANKS TO VISITBOURBON COUNTY.Bourbon county people will havethe privilege of seeing demonstrations given by a two-man Whippetarmy tank, propelled by its ownpower, next Monday and Tuesday,April 21 and 22.Demonstrations will be given ateach of the following places:Centerville Monday, April 21, 9to 10 a. m.Shawhan Monday, 11:30 a. m. to1 p. m.Ruddles Mills Monday, 2:00 to2:30 p. ni.Millersburg Monday, 4:00 to6:00 p. m.On Tuesday morning the tank willhe exhibited in Paris on High, Pleasant and Main.&trjsets, -and -will thenproceed to "the city rock quarry nearthe Public School building, where athorough demonstration will be madeover the rough ground.Leaving Paris at 12:30 p. m. thetank will arrive at Little Rock at2:30, and will leave that point at3:30 for Sharpsburg, - -A speaker will accompany thetank, explaining the workings andpossibilities of the powerful machine.Publicity. Chairman Davis andSpeaker J. J. Williams will meet thetank at Centerville and escort it tothe various county precincts.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mr. J. M. Scott, of Paris, is inLynchburg, Virginia, on a businessmission.Miss Rosa Toohey has returnedfrom a visit to Miss Mary Slattery, inLexington.Mr. John Hildreth is sojourning(l ivia.runsviiie, inaiana, tor an extended stay.Mr. John H. Roseberry is atMartinsville, Indiana, taking treatment for rheumatism.Mrs. R. C. Goldsmith and son,have returned from a visit to friendsand relatives in Louisville.Mr. and Mrs. George W. Wilderand Mrs. George L. Rankin were visitors in Cincinnati, Tuesday.Mrs. John I. Bronson, of Jacksonville, Florida, formerly Miss NanWilson, of Paris, is here as a guestof relatives and friends.Mrs. H. H. Roberts, of WhiteSulphur Springs, Va., is a guest ofher sister, Mrs. W. Ed. Tucker, andMr. Tucker, in this city.Mrs. J. Stuart Roberts anddaughter, Miss Martha Ferguson,have returned from a visit to friendsand relatives in Cincinnati.Mrs. Percy Reid, of Richmond,is a guest of her mother, Mrs. MaryA. Paton, and Mr. and Mrs. PearcePaton, on Mt. Airy avenue.Mr. Harry L. Mitchell and family have moved from Cypress streetto the residence opposite the Catholic church, on Main, near Eleventhstreet.Mr. M. H. Hart, of Harrodsburg,was a visitor in Paris, Tuesday andWednesday, househunting. Mr. andMrs. Hart and family will move tothis city to reside as soon as theycan secure a home.Mrs. John Davis gave a handkerchief shower at her home on "Vinestreet Tuesday afternoon in honorof Miss Martha Ferguson, who issoon to become the bride of Dr. McKinley, of the U. S. army.Mrs. Nell Honey Turner, whohas been in England for severalmonths as a member of the nursingstaff of the Dr. Barrow HospitalUnit No. 40, was a guest this weekof Mr. and Mrs. Charles Whaley, attheir home on the North Middletownpike, near Paris.(Other Personals on Page 5)1 '. oCascarets WorkWhile You SleepNo headache, biliousness, upset stomach or constipation tomorrowii"' J KihBaai5"?BaH vyyi rrrr(i into I jrfltlHl VX .' -?7l77'-Llmy- .sflBBBISVisBaBflaiBBBBBBkBaBBBHBBBaHHBHBBBrtWrapped to insure its perfectcondition in ad climates andseasons. Sealed tight keptright. The perfect gum in the j- " itperfect package.After every meaiggfr ffjg feThe f ,avor lasts 'HHBlflHHHR&kVNo reducing corsets are so trulyeconomical, so long-lived or sosatisfying as these extra-stronggarments.The Rengo Belt feature oftailoring has become famousamong medium- and stoutwomen, because it solves 'theproblem of retaining- shapeliness where the greatest straincomes over the abdomen and hips. Note the exclusiveniethod of boning this portion of the garment, then wear one RengoBelt model you will find your first supreme corset satisfaction.Models for every figure some with steelastic webbing for greaterfreedom -all with double watch spring boning.Prices of Rengo Belt Corsets Range from $2 to $10For Sale by FRANK & CO.t'jX ."KLOST A STOCKING!A silk stocking of the size thatwould go "with a No. 2 or No. 3shoe, is awaiting tne owner at thujNEWS office. It was found near tnecenter aisle" ori ttie lower floor of theGrand Opera. House, Friday night, atthe' close of Ahe first performance ofporothyTDalton in; "Quicksands," andWas narided to THE NEWS man, whohappened to, be in the immediate vicinity at the time.j The owner of the silky extremitycovering had evidently taken it off tofcdjustsome pedal difficulty and thenhad forgotten to put it on again.The owner may call at THENEWSoffice, ask the city editor, who hasthe article under lock and key,prove property and the stocking willhe returned without questions orpublicity of any kind. Or if theowner is too modest to call at theoffice, she can obtain the stocking bymailing her address. .The stockinghas an embroidered monogram on theinstep the initials beingi -, "' Spend 10 cents feel grand! Tonight take Cascarets to liven yourliver and clean your bowels. Stopthe headaches, bilious spells, sourness, gases, coated tongue, bad"breath, sallowness and constipation.Take Cascarets and enjoy the nicest,gentlest "inside cleaning" you everexperienced. Wake up feeling ' fine.Cascarets is best cathartic for children. Taste like candy. No disappointment! Thirty millions boxes ofthis harmless, famous cathartic aresold each year now.(adv)oThe Courts have ruled that inDelaware a person may, have liquor rin his possession and give it awayif he wishes. ,Now, we shall discoverhow many generous people there arein Delaware.A MAN AND HIS WIFELEMON JUICEFOR FRECKLESI Girls 1 Make beauty lotion lort a few cents Try It!!. ' II "Squeeze the juice of two lemonsinto a bottle containing three ouncesfo orchard white, shake well, andyou have a quarter pint of the bestfreckle and tan lotion, and complexion beautifier, at very, verysmall cost.Your grocer has the lemons andany drug, store or toilet counterwill supply three ounces of orchard.white for -a .Jew, cents. Massagethis sweetly fragrant lotion into theface, neck, arms and hands each dayand .see how freckles and blemishesdisappear and how clear, soft androsy-white the skin becomes. Yes!It is harmless and never irritates.(aprl8-tf-F)oIn comparing Mr. Burleson toWilhelm Hohenzollern, Mr. Mackeyprobably felt that he couldn't possibly say anything worse about him:oTwo additional banks representingAmerican interests were establishedin Shanghai last 'year: 1MfcSrpjpffitff if AH VIA a jm"S?'fllilfLEVY, THECumberland Phone 40may both derive saiisfaetioaby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thcost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of- new, iconjunction with the knowledge'that you are effecting a greatvingy must surely satisfy yon,j A phone brings us.DRY CLEANER1.H6me.PHonel6 9i . t,...M ' :; n j i.Xj j ;SZ " "" "" "" " ' PT!r; SSSSSSSST"'"''' ' ' "" "" "" TIB 'II . F . ... k!IIIf ri'.j i. "!?II tfllIII " if1 RUGGLESIf ' 16 Bank Row, Paris, Ky, ' y ; IIIr '' .--'- . MII ,.- r hi8KjfE, v Raff "ftyi-- t "iote tauiBrtFRIDAY, iPRIL 1, 131Report of the condition of Thefarmers' and Traders' Bank-cfoing business at the. town of Paris, County of Bourbon, State' ofKentucky, at he close of business on 10tb day of April, 1919.t f$329,679.49' 4,282.6268",334.8061,382.8119,651.763,185.59500.00RESOURCES:Irt&ns arid Discounts "' ii-i'Jxl'JL' ;" .: ;Overdrafts secured and unsecured!-' - ' '.Stocks, Bonds and other Securities. 'Due rom BanksGash on hand r .Checks and other cash itemsl " -Banking House, Furniture and FixturesTotal $487,017.07i ' LIABILITIESCapital Stock paid in, iii cash-'l:--: ? 60,000.00Surplus Fund , 12,000.00Undivided Profits, less.expenses.and taxes paid 5,252.46Deposits subject to chedk 1J!1?352,413.10Time Deposits" 52,210,51 - 404,623.61Due Banks and Trust Companies 5,141.00Total i ..$487,017.07ii State of Kentucky, (Set.); County of Bourbon.i We S. L. Weathers xind-W. W. Mitchell Vice President and Cashierof-the above named 'Bank, do solemnly swear that the above statement is true to the best of our knowledge and belief.J S. L. WEATHERS, Vice President.W. W. MITCHELL,. Cashier.iCorrect Attest :D. W. PEED,J. D. McCLINTOCK,M. HUME PAYNE,Directors.Subscribed and sworn to before me this 16th day of April, 1919.JOHN W. YERKES, Notary Public.My Commission Expires March 25, 1923.Report of the condition of ThePeople's Deposit Bank and Trust Co.doing business at the town0 of Paris, County of Bourbon, State ofKentucky, at the close of business on 10th day of April, 1919:RESOURCES:Loans and Discounts . .Overdrafts, secured and unsecured..$918,539.269.R.RK9. R3- - . - - -- wwywvwavrwstocks, uonas ana other Securities- 386,819.45Due from Banks .' . . .. 366,556.62Cash on hand 22,261.23Checks and other cash items ' 3 676 37Banking House, Furniture and Fixtures ' " 12001 nnOther Real Estate " OOOOOther Assets not included under any of above heads.'. . . '. '. 765!87Total $1,737,272.43LIABILITIESCapital Stock paid in, in cash ' $ 150 ooo onSurplus Fund ......". 10000000Undivided Profits, less expenses and taxes paid. . 14R2rDeposits subject to check ". $,201 882 91 ' " xw-kDemand Certificates of Deposit .... ' 23168 37Tipie Deposits 240,'383018S22 y i.w.jjyjTotal ;. ..$1,737,272.43State of Kentucky, (Set.)Qounty of Bourbon., ?e' S E- Bedford and -C. K. Thomas, President and' Cashier ofSTLfV0 wlenmly'swear fhat the above Statement tatrue to the best of our knowledge and belief.S. E. BEDFORD, President,o , .u , C. K. THOMAS, Cashier.1918 Sn SW0Tn to before me this 15th day of April, 1919.xr, n - -r NELLIE FARRELL, Notary Public.My Commission Expires January 29, 1920. ..BEPOET OP THE COHDmOH OPBourbon-Agricultural Bank and Trust Co.lK -J?1 tat tk? 02: of y Bourbon 8tU ..tmeky, t tlio clost of toutMi o loth day of April, 1919 . ' 's .' 'i ," MBOURCIS:LotBBmd DiscountsOroittttti, Mcnrei mat onMcnrti.BWck,;.Boii4i and otktc Scomritlefuw-nurn Bank!Gttfc oft hui ..CWefaftfcmt other cub. ltou,..$1,257,243.2027,118.721,315.50. . 263,289.75.. 15,961.60419.77Banking House Furniture aad Fixtures. 15,50o!ooOther Assets.notincludediunder any of the .above heads00Total.W 51,58848.54r LIABILITIES:CaHtaTBtock paid in, in cask...rfly Famd"w dm, im eziwM aa4 taxes uaid57. JFE?0 .-.-?l;042,128.2JDaaaaad'Ctrtilcatwi of Deport ....' . ooTime.-JQ'eposits ll'l--l ' 172,381.76Certified.Checks . . 500 00IHm Baaki ant Truct ComfanlMzmm aaa bum xotucountod .Jltoeiri; for taxesTotal.I3tf,0ti.ttISMM.Ot34,542r561,215,009.992,855.223,440.77..$1,580,848.54TATJBOF 'KSKTTrmrrConntyf Bourbon Set. jWel-Jshft T. Collins and Buckntr Woodford, President1 and OaihlarJf 9?VtSiL f"'0 otaaanly wear that the abors statesatatis tru to the best of our knowledge and belief.. -:; JOHN T. COLLINS, PretidtmtRnTiK . 'm ' SWSKNBB WOODFORD Castlef.Sulcribed and sworn to before a this I5th-4ay of April7, 1919., Z . . NELLIE FARRELL, Notary Publicmj , qpmmission expires, January 29, 1920.. I f;l("RELIGIOUS.iServices will b,e conducted; atSt.. Peter's, Episcopal .churchy in'thiscity, at 10:30 o'clock this morning,by Bishop Louis W. Bur.ton, of theLexington Diocese. ' Todity beingGood. Friday in the'Lenfencalendar,the program- at the? .church- will bean especially ' interesting one. Thepublic is cordially invited.The Ladies Missionary Societyof the Presbyterian church will meetin the lecture room of the church onMonday afternoon at 2:30 p., m.Election of officers., . A full attendance is "desired. ' -There will be services as usual,Sunday night at",Presbyterian church.The usual day's program will be followed out, the morning service being conducted at 10:45. Rev. Dr.Cotton, of Louisville, noted as one ofthe most eloquent divines in thechurch, will preach at this service,and special musical numbers will berendered by Miss Mary Dan Harbison. Sunday" school at 9": 30 a.m.The Christian Endeavor meets at7:00 p. m.The revival meeting in progressat the Danville Christian church,conducted by Rev. J. J. Castleberry,assisted by Mr. A. L. Boatright,chorister of the Paris Christianchurch, is growing in interest witheach service. The Danville Messenger says:"The morning service of thechurch was attended by an audiencewhich' filled the auditorium. Themusic was inspiring under the leadership of Mr. Boatright, whose pleasing personality and rare quality ofvoice have deeply impressed the entire congregation. Dr. Castleberrypreached a most inspiring sermon on"The Growth of a Soul," followingthe analogy of the unfolding andgrowth- of a lily, his text being 'Behold the Lilies of the Field, HowThey Grow.'"There was a large attendance ofyoung people in the Christian Endeavor service, which was a union ofthe Young People's Societies in thechurches. Mr. Boatright addressedthis meeting."COTTONSEED MEAL.Swift's Digester Tankage 60Protein for Hogs.Swift's High Grade Fertilizer forTobacco.8-tf ) CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.DEATHS.STEVENS.Miss Leila Stevens, aged twenty-four,died at her home near Cynthiana, .after an illness of two weeks.She was a daughter of "Mr. and Mrs.Daniel -Stevens, of Harrison county,anda most estimable young woman,of beautiful character, whose deathbrings sorrow to a large circle offriends.She is survived by two brothers,one of whom, Mr. Bruce Stevens, isa resident of Bourbon, county.ODER.The funeral of Mr. Dixie Oder,aged thirty-six, who died at DryRidge,- Wednesday, of a complicationof diseases, was held in the Jackson-jville Cemetery yesterday afternoonat three o clock, with services conducted by Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor oftne Paris Christian, cnurcn.The body was brought to Paris,Wednesday, and taken to the undertaking establishment of George, W.Davis, where it was prepared forburial, ' and was later taken to thefamily home on "the 'BethTehe'm pikenear "Paris.Mr. Oder was a farmer by occupation. r He is survived by his parents,Mr, aiid Mrs. J. T. Oder, two brothers," Mr. Ed. Oder, of Lexington, andG. C. Oder, of Bourbon county, and'five sisters, Mrs. Annie Sons, of Lexington; MrB. Ella Slade, of Cynthiana, Mrs. Ollie Todd, Fayette county, and Misses Jessie and Alice Oder,of Bourbon county.oFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanoREAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSV,'-J-Kk-;UNITED STATES RAILROAD ADMINISTRATION ,' ; Director General off RailroadsLouisville & Nashville RailroadCHANGE IN TIMEEFFECTIVE APRIL 2fth .FROM PARIS SOUTHBOUND ' H ' w2&Kn 5? H leave at H:03 a. m. instead of 11:10 a. m.Tmn'Sl will mvp of- 11-HR i- t ; h.iaryVlle- (except Sunday)' instead& , ; : - FROM PARIS NORTHBOUNDaHtoMXSM" " V-. ,. except'M FOR LEXINGTON ' ";' ! ''TMn 13 will leave at 11:05 a. m. instead of 1H08 a. m.VK1 will be established betwxinton, Winchester and McRoberts. For detailsinquire:-of L. & N. Agents.1 "HiMr. James WTialey sold to L. D.Harris, George D. Speakes and HarryL.. Mitchell a one-storv frame cottacreo-n. Higgins avenue at a private price.Tne purcnasers will make anumberof improvement in the property.Harris & Speakes .sold for Mrs.John Cannaday, of Covington, a one-story traine cottage -located' on EastMain street, in, this city, to Mr. I.B. Florence, of Harrison county, for?1,500. Mr. Florence will move tothe home.Mr. Frank Skillman, of Secondstreet, purchased recently of M,rs.Sidney Ardery, Sr., a one-storyframe cottage at the comer of Second and" -Brooks street, itdr"" $1,100.Mr. Skillman will improve' the prop-V4-y J9 1 AAMIPAwl ll IV 1date bungalow, "which tie will 'occupywhen completed.Mr. Charles E. Butler, of Paris.has sold "both, his farms located nearVerona", in' tioone countyt at goodprices, to Mr. F. F; Ratliff, a wealthybanker of Pikville'; Mr; Butler soldall his personalty, bringing goodprices. Mr. Charles E.-Butler, Jr.,and family, who tiave been residingon one of the farms, will move to' i- . j.i 4ANNOUNCEMENTof the organizationplan ofPARBOKEN(Paris).(Bourbon) " (Kentucky)OIL CO.J--To our friends :Paris, Ky., April 15, 1919.In order to acquaint the public and especially our frieidswith the organization plan and the policy of the Parboken Oil Co.,which we propose to incorporate, we submit for your considerationthe following:The Officers to be proposed for election at the first meetingof stockholders are as follows:President JAMES M. CALDWELL.Vice President DR. J. M. WILLIAMS.Treasurer C. K. THOMAS.Organization Secretary 0. T. HINTON.Field Manager CAPT, WILLIAM COLLINS.JAMES M. CALDWELL.DR. J. M. WILLIAMS;WOODFORD BUCKNER.A. B. HANCOCK.JNO. WOODFORD.Directors.EDSELL CLARK.E. T. HINTON.ROYF.CLENDENIN.WILLIAM COLLINS.0. T. HINTON.The capital stock of the Company will be 5 Oft, 009Shares of par value of $1.00.The property which the Company will own is listed as follows: " "'" '' '"' m n. ,--..;,Ceha Kincaid leasee-Lee County Two producing wetis comnected with pipe line. Four offset wells to be drilled immediatelyoffsetting "Doc" Williams lease.Grant Schoemaker leaser Lee County Two producing weltconnected with pipe hne. 'Jones lease Lee County One producing well connected!with pipe line, lies just north of "Delia Hargis" lease.. Four otherlocations to be drilled.:.:' aWells Heirs leasee-Lee County Surrounded by good production. Four locations to be drilled.945 acres scattered in Owsley County in Crow Creek idBuffalo Creek district where 20 or 30 wells wiD be drilled b thksfraf aid summer. iJ About 250 acres ii diff ereat sections of Lee and Estell Coma, ;fe:r ", fits iB of whicH lies near arodictidn. ': j:"-The gross production' at tht -present time is approxuMteiy" lOpbirrysper day ;- '$50,000 will be set aiicje for development alone. ;. .h wiH be the. polict'bf 4e Company to pve to each iiTestacr 1 00 per cent, value for each dollar invested. c ."MWV-.There will not be One share of bonur stock issued.- - :.' J (l' ' '; - .i . Respectfully:v-v - .. ; . . . (.-,;!.;... .- " .JrM . .-.-kr j,j: ; $$, v t:-i ?; ' :y..' -jv. ,&S.: .y. .-.. Sk7:iu u'l'i'.:;. - ..JA&. VI. CiJ)WELL. Jl: ' :DR. J. M. WILLIAMS. ' ' " ". 'C.K. THOMAS. ?. -fivss --O.T. HINTON. W -WILLIAM COLLINS. 4" . c""WOODFORD BUCKNER. ' Vv - X:JNO. WOODFORD. '" .i ".-A. B. HANCOCK. " 1" "T V. "EDSELL CLARK. . 1! ;;.H ;;' 'E. T. HINTON. ''" l 4 &$$--x'x- -,. .ROY F. CLENDENIN. ' fstfvti ww-- .1 J:.V!i.;r-A limited amount of subscriptions will be accepted at thepresent price of 50c per share"P 'i. .-. ;:t ,-.t'T rt i2lif&r' . 11 f. 'J 'srf ., ,x.' . f -.' r ......' .i",V;Vjl..;V,'. I-14'u JjJ.r-rT'J 'J1i.is -:T!r" ''x i .'Vnro-rj''IPfsv1 ciLj.is'f th-:' r-i; ; !" rr? - - i- - s f ' i - , -V ii - " ; Ju v-. ni - ,j . . v. J-tio'atf i;f a ; s I- ;.Aiat .rrrvT -, ! -.' ". ri U'r!-. j'ib'ftI 'J?re1 ,is:Cincinnati.:.rifCT ' t'fifi&&r?tt3ttTHE BOTJIlQripipiiiUaivTPlrp'vssT,!7T. .Vf . &-'tin''iFRIDAY, APREU-lfc, 19,:f (FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEWOOL WANTEDWill pay hlghtst marketprice. Sacks furnished free.1 CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.aprt8-tf)oWho paid the price before wecame to Paris? We will pay you 38cents, cash for your eggs.USON EENAKEE & CO.,Dow JBuilding, opp. Windsor Hotel.oNEW AUTO OWNERS.i "The Oakland Motor Sales Companysold and delivred to Mr. J. FrankClay,' of this city, an Oakland touring car.o"TO VISIT NEIGHBORS.Large number from Bourbon LidgeI. 0. 0. F. will go to Winchester,Monday night, to help their neighbors in celebrating the one hundredth-anniversary of Odd Fellowship by Ivanhoe Lodge of Winchester. oEX-PARISIAN IN ACCIDENT. -At Cynthiana, Wednesday, Mr.Jesse T. Allexander, formerly ofParis, -now connected with the J. R.Jones Motor Co., was struck overthe heart by a belt breaking whilehe was attempting to adjust it to awheel. He was knocked to the floorunconscious, but no serious resultsfollowed.oSEED SWEET POTATOESBig stock of seed sweet potatoes,including Bermuda, Strausburg andNancy Hall you can't beat' this variety. (It) C. P. COOK & CO.INSURANCE.Fire, Tornado, Lightning,Automobile and Hail.YERKES & PEED.(janl4-tf)OIL FOR STREETS.Several carloads of oil, intendedfor spreading on the streets of Paris,have arrived, and are on the L. & N.side tracks. The day the oil arriveda heavy rain fell, preventing usingthe dust-allayer.The work of spreading the oil onthe streets will be begun by thestreet cleaning department as soon asthe conditions permit.o 'T0 ADMINISTER, ESTATE.In the County Court Tuesday,Judge George Batterton appointedMr Pw C. Ammerman administratorof the estate of Mrs. MaggieSchnetzer, who died a few weeksago at her home .near Centerville.Mr. Ammerman accepted the trustand qualified for the place by furnishing bond in the sum of $1,000,with Mr. Wade H. Xail as. surety.The Court appointed Joe Conner,Jesse Leach and Pat Hyan to appraisethe estate.CLOTHES POR' EASTERFor young men we-have -the popular waist-seam styles in attractivepatterns. a '(It) J. W. DAVIS & CO., oIjEASTEB SHOES.Wonderful values in stylish-mens,women's and childrens' shoes, -fordsand pumps for Easter, atPAN COHENS, .t Paris' Greatest Shoe Store.READEVERY PASS ..ISSUE!Look at THE NEWS this issuerOwing to a heavy i1 oUsing we are compelled to use twoaaverus?n. x" ----- -powersthe space for news, out our readerswill be sure to find leesting. on every page. Do Mtn"doughboys" in Europe and-.the s armycaw say they dld--e yen re i aUthe advertisements. It will pay youi'blf sure to read every page ofthiSs0iJuV of THE NEWS formay miss something good, otherwise.SOCIAL MU) PERSONAL.Cominfs and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhereim-Mis Carolyn Roseberry isproving after a week's illnpoeMr. Kidwell Walton has returnfrom a visit to relatives in Flemingcounty. 6Miss Lillie Willams has return-JEJ5?E t w-weeks' stay at Martmsville, Ind.-I '--Mrs. James. Shehan has returnedto her home in Danville after a visitto friends and relatives in ParisMrs. Mollie Rice, of Pleasantstreet, has been spending the weekwith friends in North Middletownt TM S E- McClanahan, of theLouisville and Nashville force at thispoint, was a recent visitor to Plemingsburg relatives.Mr. Thomas Holliday, of Eighthstreet, was taken to the Massie Memorial Hospital, suffering fromlocomotor ataxia,Mrs. Edward P. Prichard willentertain at her home on Seventhstreet- this afternoon at cards inhonor of Miss Margaret Ferguson.Mrs. Jeptha Haggard, Mr. andMrs. Stewart Haggard and Mrs.Davis, of Paris, were visitors inWinchester several days this week.Mrs. Curtis P. Smith, of Dallas,Texas, who has been a guest of hermother, Mrs. Wm. H. Renick, inthis city, is a guest of Mrs. ScottRenick, in Winchester.Mr. Samuel Sparks, of Carlisle,who has been a patient at the Massie MemoriaL Hospital, in Paris,where he underwent a surgical operation some time ago, has recoveredsufficiently to be removed to hishome.Reports from the bedside of, Mrs.Julian A. McClintock, who recentlyunderwent an operation in a Richmond hospital, state that she is improving. Mrs. McClintock is thewife of Rev. Julian A. McClintock,of Richmond, and a sister of Mrs.Wm. R. Franklin, of Paris.While attending the recentState meeting of the Daughters ofConfederacy, held in Louisville, Mrs.Ben Woodford, Mrs. Charles C. Leer,Miss Carrol Leer and Mnj. RussellMaun were guests at the home ofMrs. Henning, at her home in Cherokee Park. Mrs. Henning is a daughter of the late Gen. Basil Duke.Mrs. John F. Davis entertained at her home on Vine street Tuesday afternoon with a handkerchiefshower in honor of Miss Martha Ferguson, of near Paris, whose marriageto Dr. McKinley, of New -York, willbe sojemnized at the home of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Volney Ferguson,on April 30. The handkerchiefs werepresented to the bride-to-be in a basket tied with white tulle. A delightful salad course was served. Theguests for the afternoon were, MissMartha .Ferguson, Mrs. Volney Ferguson, Mrs. Jos. M. Hall, Mrs. Jas.H. Thompson, Mrs. Sam Clay, Mrs.White . Varden Mrs. Edward Prichard, Mrs. James Thompson, Jr., Mrs.Catherine Davis Craig, Mrs. OscarHintou, Mrs. Ray Taylor, Mrs. VirgilGaitskill, Mrs. Robt. Ferguson,Misses Carolyn Roseberry, ElizabethSteele and Elizabeth Crutcher.(Other Personal on Page 3.)oP0R -YOUR EASEER DINNER.Fresh' cakes, doughnuts, egg kisses,beaten biscuit, all home-cooked.MRS. ELLIS' CASH-AND-CARRY-GROCERY.Home phone, 201; Cumberland, 633., DRESS UP EASTER,v. ' 'Live styletfvtomake you feel well-dressed $'25 Up? '- -(lt) J. W. DAVIS & CO.O :SUPT; KTRKPATRICK GIYJiN- Ui-. fMATRIMONIAL.PEDDICORD LIPSCOMB-Mrs. Margaret Hukill Peddicord, of Paris, and Mr. Armand Lipscomb, of Paris, were married recently in Lexington, by Rev. I. J.Spencer. The bride is a daughter ofMrs. Chas. Hukill, of Paris, and thegroom is a prosperous young farmerresiding near Morgan.JONES GRIMES.The wedding of Miss Mary Emily Jones, or Versailles, and Mr. JohnFrank Grimes, of Harrodsburg, wascelebrated Wednesday, in Versailles.The bride is a handsome and talentedyoung woman who has been a frequent visitor in Paris. The groom isa prosperous young business man.Mr. and Mrs. Grimes will reside inHarrodsburg.Miss Elise Varden, of Paris, whohas-been visiting in Versailles, attended the wedding., STEVENS REYNOLDS.iThe wedding of Miss MamieStevens, formerly of Paris, to Rev.J. E. Reynolds, pastor of the Paris,Tenn., Christian church, will takeplace next Tuesday, April 22, at thehome of the bride-elect's mother,Mrs. Yost, in Columbus, Ohio. Afterthe ceremony they will take an extended wedding tour, and will ontheir return reside in Paris, Tenn.Miss Stevens was quite youngwhen her family resided in Paris.Her father was a well-known dentisthere, and was highly esteemedamong his patrons and friends. Thefamily resided on Cypress street, inpthe residence now occupied by Mr.and Mrs. J. Wl Bacon. Dr. Stevenswas also superintendent of the Baptist Sunday school.CREASE IN SJ&WS."Rbafdtpjmhers of the Paris Public School,excepting the teacher of drawing andthe-Truant Officer, -were re-elected,Dannnoa rf lfVftV Of fundS Withn,uM fr ruvv. their .-salaries these!FRESH BREAD AND CAKES.We are now prepared to.; Tresu." -3.. fi-oc'Vi,.! wTiie .oTtpr etc.. reauj .-- i nun. liuaav-'iANOPPORTUNITY LONGED FOR.HOP-The Wakefield-Davis Realty Company, of Shelbyville, Ky., are opening up in the thriving town of NorthMiddletown what is known as theBryan property. This company willsell absolutely regardless of rain orshine, on Tuesday, April 22, at teno'clock a. m., this splendid propertyin several lots.This company sells to the highestbidder, without reserve or by-bid.On the property will be found asplendid home constructed of stone,equipped with natural gas, and located, as is all this addition, rightin the heart of the town, about threeblocks from the college, two blocksfrom the church, and near some ofthe best stores to be found anywhere.And everybody knows when youspeak of North "Middletown you thinkof a pretty little town, located in theBluegrass, where the people are noted-for their culture, hospitality,sociability, and all that goes to makea home for man and a place to reara family.Attend this sle, hear the auctioneers, the brass band, get a chanceon a lot to be given away that day.'The Mothers' Club will serve dinneron the grounds.. oRUGS. WALL. PAPER. CARPETS..STYLISH FURNITURESpring is here and the house notfixed up. Is that your predicament?Let us help you out. It will be aneasy task to select, just what youwant and need from our large stockof rugs, wall paper, . carpets andbeautiful furniture..vjt. .- THE J.'.HINTON CO.We h&V& always1 .made the price oneggs in .Paris, .T0Tday, 38 cents cashand 39 cents in trade, per dozen.At ,a recent ..meeting, of tneCity I lt) -.-c. P. COOK & CO.hard 'of." Education all tne present r - -' o-INDEPENDENT--DECLARES DIVIDEND.At a meeting of the Independentt Tobacco :i Warehouse Company ataicials were not re-elect Jd. ' ofaces.0n South Main street, ;The : Board : elected .Prof Lee Kirk-. SJdend of fifty per cent was deQr4Mr as Rimerintendent oi ineParisJ.-Schoolsfor "a term ;0f - twoyears, and gave him an increase insalary of $400 per annum. Prof.Kirkpatrick has worked hard to improve conditions in the Paris scnoolsand iad made warm friends amongthe patrons Oof 'the institution bybringing ,.the. school, to a nigh, stateof "efficiency. .HITTER'S -BAKERY.supply"hakednousejteepersbl caCB' '.!"'' :Za tWouKheach dayt Customer - materilsthe groceries. Best vl mberonly use! in our proaucts. Cumberland phone 850(It)INTERESTING 'ETOS'- T. HIGH SCHOOL.Prof. Karraker, of eAgJversity, .will fiDX$S 4" rTL-ro orthe subject of "Silos" chrethethe county and cityParis High School chemical laboratory to-morrow morning at .Ripeo'clock. , ,J.j ViUtProf.. Karraker is oneteachers of agriculture m ttoBJP.and the lesson ne brings eacjil wekto the -teachers of tne cujexcellent. . ' P 'Another attractive feature of Itfre.Saturday' program is the course inschool plays given by Mr Z. wucox. Secretary of the BoutdouCounty Y. M. C. A. ,A series of lectures on the studyand use of Latin is being delivered .inthe city-school by Prof. Jones, headof the Latin department of StateUniversity, at Lexington. Taeselecturesre proving higHy fteresti -ir,fi n the students.Tii a Thiir is extended a. cordial -invitation to attend. ' -PEEDrFQR THE CHICKENS.ChictoirfeeO'or little -and bigchicks, .-jv-'.' 'i'". .. rtrt(It)' !'-' "' C P. COOK & CO...;'i','':y '.o-i 'BOYViBASTER CLOTHES.IKflBXl1X1!.5EASTER MILLINERYWhen you see the. wonderful variety. of smart shapes and tnmmings you will be sure towantoheof our new Easter Hats. Lovely straw and rough braids in all the suit shades,with trimmings of ostrich, Tibbon or. flowers'".a:nt,$5.00 to $15.00Sweaters, Underskirts, Lingerie,Millinery, Blouses.Vestees, Beaded Bags, Hosiery,Handkerchiefs, Neckwear .Capes and DolmansTee Spring Wraps that have gained such popularity are here"in all their" charm Serge,tricotine and broadcloth, reasonably priced$15.00 to $100.00SuitsBox Boats, Russian Bluses, semi-fitting models in the mo3t favored, fashionable materials .These suits are well cut and well tailored and we take pride in offering them to our cus -tomersat such low prices$25.00 to $75.00For Misses and Juniors, in Georgette, Crepede Chine ' and Taffeta.SKIRTSSee our beautiful skirts of Pussy Willow,Georgette and Fantasy.1Georgette, Crepe de Chine and Voile Blouses of superior quality a'nd design are priced from$5.00 to $15.00HARRY SIMON224-22S West Main St., Lexington, Ky:Main Street, Paris, Ky.:::;KfiSKKentuckyHandsome' gi'eys,'' blues, greens mwaist-seam .and belted styles io.(lt)J!.-V ".-. -JWvIAVIS & CO.3). OF C. MEETING.yhe regular monthly meeting ofRichard Hawes Chapter, Daughtersof the Confederacy, will be held inthe Confederate room in the courthouse to-morr.ow (Saturday ,afterrimnii v sif V tw6 o'clock.! " . A programt of interest to' the members Jias beenprepared. .-F&R 'l&ASTEE TSuTSBAY.r- Drqife.u'o forjEaster with, a pair-OfWalk-Over oxfords the most beautiful footwear at special prices.DAN UUJtLKiJN'S,Paris' Greatest Shoe Store.WOOL WANTEDFifty thousand pounds woolwanttd. Highest markot prictpaid. Plenty off sacks and twineat our mule barn.CAYWOOD McCLINTOCK.(till21may)clared on the capital stock of thecompany. 'With the payment of thisdividend the Independent during itsthree vears of existence has paidthree annual dividends aggregatingninety-one per cent. The independent will soon begin the erection ofanother large sales warehouse,which will be completed in time forthe season of 1919-1920.oIN NEW POSITION.JVIr. Ullman Lancaster, formerlyChief of the Fire Department, hasbeen made general superintendentfor the Ruggles Motor Company, invo oittr Mr Tticaster is an ex-L, oiotripinn and mechanic, andyx, v,. --- ,.., .- ..will-make a vaiuaDie aamuuu m t"working forces of the company.. oWho paid the price before wecame to Paris? We will pay you 38cents cash for your ees.KEONKENAKER & CO.,Bow Building, opp. Windsor Hotel.orl-v-, frfEASlteESALE..The Junior Missionary Society ofthe'MethodfsXichch will have anfaster sale d-morrow, Saturday, at,o rime- store of G. S. Varden &Son", oiTj&rsfiiBtreet- Included in thesale will' be candies-,' colored eggs,etc. Attend the sale and assist theJunior Missionary sociei.oSEED SWEET POTATOES.Best Varieties; genuine stock.BUSY BEE CASH STORE.(ll-4t)B-4 FIREinfturAWithW.O.HINTON &SQN,Agts1 7flt IffiTM JAI MffX BlfH 9fX MM ftt MK 9lt. t)f. dltX ifltA SKA. WML 3JM IM HAt MtL WAt 93X jf!C jflfX ;7Al)M tlKL tWl HnwnWnBBTKTBK'aaWill Receive Millions!From Oil This Year IMiiiiiiiaBiaiaiaaaBaaiaiaiaH( , 'Raaimt $ i . - aay'Hj'-.v . aav'",- . wGet Out,.'of the Dead Onesr-.Get intoi ' ' i' '' '2 i ' ; ;' i " .''. 'V J"I. ., -MeHBi'hBB JIB''am'I1JM.T1T HP JSSSthe418 Main StreetPARIS, KY."i-4 - - - ?. - - - - " gH' 'Rj. ?. i aarLive Ones ; I- iii'- ' ''raj vaaHhT,r" ' .-.--.-j- - ''. ': ' 'ii Sep- '- - bS-.' ' " . ' , if;.'.-.- vr5 'BIV5-. H'':'. 1 1 i . ' ' f ?' a"j'- . Ask Us-iiv-'- Bi TBBk A mm mm ; VT aNVV i P W a ibi .- a BBbUKAM Ult tAtHANGEB. '. (Incrprat4) . s . .. JOHN M. STUART, Manager .' H', ., . Farmers Bank atoiUiafcr m. . m mt - ."B B3J iti-lLt, KY. B' "- aja''i'Iv -vVTHE BOTOBON HEWS, PAHS, EEHTUCKXFRIDAY, APRIL IS, 1919.MjasxSAFE, GENTLE REMEDYBRINGS SURE RELIEFFor 200 years GOIjD MEDAI HaarlemOil -has enabled suffering humanity towithstand attacks of kidney, liver,bladder and stomach troubles and alldiseases connected with the urinaryorgans and to build' up and restore tobealth organs -weakened by disease.These most Important organs must bewatched, because they filter and purifythe blood; unless they do their workyou are doomed."Weariness, sleeplessness, nervousness,despondency, backache, stomach trolltrie, pains In the loins and lower abdomen, gravel, difficulty when urinating, rheumatism, sciatica and lumbagoJ1 warn you of trouble, with your kid:nys. GOLD MEDAL Haarlem Oil Capsules are the remedy you need. Takethree or four every day. The healingoil soaks into the cells and lining ofthe kidneys and drives out the poigons.New life and health will surely follow.When your normal'vigor has been restored continue treatment for a whileto keep yourself in condition and prevent a return of the disease.Don't wait until you are incapable atfighting. Start taking GOLD MEDALHaarlem Oil Capsules today. Your druggist will cheerfully refund your moneyif you are not satisfied with results.But be sure to get the original imported GOLD MEDAL and accept no substitutes. In three sizes. Sealed packages. At all drug stores.VfiKVVKMWVV!iWM2i21lKKnXBEPABINCr JOE THE LEXINGTON EACE MEETING.The amount of added money for"which, the thoroughbreds will race atthe coming meeting of the KentuckyAssociation, Is greater than at anytime in the history of the course,- nostake of less than $2,000 being given.General Manager Robert L. Bakerhas completed arrangements for. theembellishment of the buildings andthe grounds, has succeeded aftermany trials" in satisfying the ownersof racing stables in their stall accommodations, and all shipments tothe track will be given ample stallroom.The change'that has been made inthe location -of the bandstand hasbeen, met with the approval of theboxholders .and the general public, ithaving been moved to the upper endof the grand stand near the clubhouse, and raway from the wire,where it has been during the pasttwo meetings. Weber's Band willfurnish the music at the spring meeting and the stand formerly occupiedby John Weher and his men will beconverted into boxes for the use ofthe president of the Jockey Club andthe directors of the new organization.The demand for boxes has beengreater than in any former year, allhaving been engaged by well knownanturfmen and prominent familiesthis section of the Bluegrass.The paddock has been put in ihebest possible condition, the lawn inthe club house grounds trimmed andthe shrubbery in the field set in thelandscape that will greet the eye ofI the visitor.The attendance has grown to suchproportions that before many yearsthe Kentucky Association will .beforced to still further enlarge itsseating capacity.oCATABBH CANNOT BE CUBED "EXTRA WEARFM SHOES"A year ago I had my shoes resoled with JMeoIin Soles. The solesare still in service, and it looks as ifI wtouldnot be able to wear them out,because the uppers are going first,"saici W. C Dickinson, of New Haven,Conn.Good repair shops everywhere carry,these tough and durable soles. Seefor yourself how long they last byhaving them put on a pair of old. shoes.Or if you are in -need of new shoes, buythem with Neolin Soles. They costno m re than shoes that give lesswear, and you need fewer pairs. . Theycome in many -.styles for men, women,and children.Neolin Soles cane c created by Scienceto be comfortable and waterproof, aswell as long-wearing. They are madeby The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co.,Akron, Ohio, who also make WingfootHeels guaranteed to . outwear allother heels.& m f mi leoii it ooiesHaxfcEes. U.3, f U.0ff.With local applications, as theycannot reach the seat of the disease.Catarrh is a local disease, greatly influenced by constitutional conditions,and in order to cure it you must takean internal remedy. Hall's CatarrhMedicine is' taken internally and actsthrough the blood on the mucous surfaces of the system. Hall's CatarrhMedicine was prescribed by one ofthe best physicians in this countryfor years. It is composed of some ofthe best tonics known, combinedwith some of the bst blood purifiers.The perfect combination of the Ingredients in Hall's Catarrh Medicine .Iswhat produces such wonderful results in catarrhal conditions. Sendfor testimonials, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Proprietors, Toledo, O.All druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for constipation. adv-april)A MEANS. OF. INCBEASING SUNDAY SCHOOL ATTENDANCEThe publishing of the attendanceat the various Sunday schoolsthroughout the city and county eachweek as one means of increasing interest in the Sunday school movement, especially as looking toward abanner attendance on Go-to-Sunday-SchoolDay, the first Sunday in May,can be made a very interesting feature of the work.This is an age of publicity. Nomovement worth mentioning meetswith any degree of success withouta great deal of publicity. It's thefirst thing one cares to see in themorning is what happens over night,and when the day is over the newspaper of the afternoon is looked forto read the happenings of the day.The publishing of Sunday school attendance in the local papers severalyears ago created much interest andgood natured rivalry. And it hasbeen a disappointment to many thatthe work ceased. Then no attempthas ever been made to secure the attendance of the country Sundayschools. In other counties it hasbeen carried on with great enthusiasm. Now that the beautiful springdays are here there should be a renewal of effort on the part of everySunday school to build up an attendance to excel that of last year. Ithas been a hard pull for a long time,with many hindering happenings,but with the coming of warmweather, we may expect all theschools to get in line for a betterwork than ever.Call THE NEWS, both phones,every Monday morning, and give usyour Sunday school attendance, andother notes of interest concerning thework!FOR BILIOUSNESSAND INDIGESTIONTAKE A CALOTABIt has been discovered that barsof pure silver, heated, and left in amagnetic field a few hours, becamepermanently magnetized.INTEEUBBAN SCHEDULECARS LEAVELexington Por Paris ForParis LexingtonA. M. 6.00x ' A. M. 6:45A. M. 7:20 A. M. 7:152:A. M. Szfj.Q. A. M. 8:15.A. M. 10:20 A. M. 9:45A. M. 11.50 A. M. 11:15P.M. 1:2a P.- Mi. 12:45P. M. 2:50 P. M. 2:15P. M. 4:20 P. M. 3:45P. M. 6:00 P. M. 5:15P. M. 7:20 P. M. 0:50P. M. 9:10 P. M. 8:15P. M 11:00 P. M. 10:05(x) Daily except Sunday.KENTUCKY TRACTION AND TERMINAL COMPANYDry Cleaning and DyeingCLOTHING, DRAPERIES, FURS, ETC.! ' Send Via Parcel PostThe New Nausealess Calomel ThatIs Purified and Refined PromAll Sickening and Dangerous Effects.You have heard of smokelesspowder, colorless iodine and teasteless quinine now get acquaintedwith nauseless calomel the newcalomel that is wholly delightful inits effect, yet retains all the systempurifying and liver-cleansing qualities of the old-style calomel.Your doctor will tell you thatcalomel is the best and only medicine for biliousness, headache, indigestion and constipation and nowthat it is pleasant to take everybody is taking Calotabs, the newcalomel with all of the liver benefitsand none of the sting.One tablet on the tongue at bedtime, with a swallow of water thatis all. No taste, no nausea, no salts,no danger of salivation. Nextmorning you wake up feeling fine,your liver thoroguhly cleansed, allbiliousness, headache, constipationand indigestion removed. Eat whatyou please no danger.Calotabs are sold only in originalsealed packages, price thirty-fivecents. All druggists are authorizedto refund the jrice if you are notdelighted with .Calotabs.(adv)oHEMP GROWING IS ABANDONEDIN GARRARD.MB'illilSliHIiBriA MSi WmmmMMiA wSMm P m il 1H1BMf JlflHWMmf il& wi IH lw P"iffl P" I lllllllllToppyred baps, tidy red tins. QHjl)jlMn , P i I ll1llHinillllUIlHTOHBlUn LyiWnitllMfWmF ,handsome pound and half- HVlHi Pill1 H Wl"-pound tin humidors-and- BSSBSBSeBPi! '" I H &b2Hffthat Glassy, vractical poand HHM'I III llllllllllilllllllll1lllllliilML 'ObaccoCO.crystal glass humidorr svtth HHHBpPI I:SvN UinillllllHIIllIlt UlHllllJ LU Imtxmgn moistened tots that , mmTM , 1111 tl Hleasssasasasasasasasasasasasasaskeps the tobacco MS cucn 7tfP,!&Mwe condition r!ffi!i!t ' "SWISS CLEANERS AND DYERS617 FOURTH AVE. LOUISVILLE, KY.Known all over Americab vStop and Tiiinli!Why are Americans using suchgreat quantities ofPostum CerealHealth value, w onderf ul -flavor andpractical economy make Postumthe ideal American table drink.Boil just like coffee(15 minutes after boiling begins)but remember that, unlike coffee,this beverage contains no drugs toupset stomach, heart or nferves:It is absolutely pure and withoutharm, made ' from the best of' roasted wheat and whol&someInolasses. . . ..You can get the original Postum .at grocers. TVro sizes-lsttatlyscrld at Sc and 25cmOn account of the poor quality ofhemp and the low price that thegrowers are lieing offered for it, hundreds of acres of land that wouldhave been sown in hemp in Garrardcounty this spring will be plantedin corn and other crops. "The hempindustry," said one of the largestgrowers in the county, "has died anatural death,"So inferior is the present crop thatseveral have simply burned up whatthey had rather tha-n going; furtherby having it broken out and hauledto market. One grower who hadfinseventy-five acres took a load to toynand was offered ?3.50 per hundredfor it and nothing for the tow,which, generally brings about halfthe price of good hemp. He returnedhome and burned what was unbroken. There are thousands of bushelsof hemp seed in the county and nosale whatever for it. A few years agothey could hardly be had at ?25 perbushel.e18mmmsr!IF I WERE A FARMERIf I were a farmer I would keep athand a few reliable medicines forminor ailments that are not so serious as to require the attention of aphysician, such as Chamberlain'sColic and Diarrhoea Remedy forbowel complaints.Chamberlain's Liniment for sprainsand bruises and rheumatic pains.Chamberlain's Tablets for stomachtroubles, biliousness and constipation. By having these articles at hand itwould often save the trouble of a tripto town in the busiest season or. inthe night, and would enable me totreat slight ailments as soon as theyappear, and thereby avoid the moreserious diseases that so often follow.(adv-april)oKNIFE-TJSER ACQUITTED.PUT it flush up t Prince Albert to produce more smokehappiness than you ever before collected I P A.'s built tofit your smokeappetite like kids fit your hands i It has thejirridandiest flavor and eoolness and fragrance you ever ranagainst !Just what a whale of joy Prince Albert really is you wantto find out the double-quickest thing you do next. And, putit down how you could smoke P. A. for hours withouttongue bite or pafchingo Our exclusive patented processcuts out bite and parch.Realize what it would mean to get set with a joy'us jimmypipe or the papers every once and a while. And, puff tobeat the cards ! Without a comeback! Why, P. A. is sogood you feel like you'd just have to eat that fragrant smokelRo Jo Reynolds Tobacco Company, Winston-Salem, No COne" of the First Rules."Boxing," says the Chicago News, "Isa healthful exercise." So it is onlydue hygienic care should be exercisedm selecting your opponent.MARINELLOAstringent Maskfollowed by use of AstringentCream and Lotion at home, prevents that oily appearance ofnose and cheeks, permitting properuse of powder.Used and recommended by morethan 3500 Beauty Shops.& Maple and Booklet on SkinCare Freel M. A. PAT0N. MSAVE the LEATHERLIQUIDS a7c PASTES : For Black.WhiteJarioOx-Blood (dark brown) ShoesKEEP YOUR SHOESNEATJllgg, NEAT. g$gFor Influenza!In the County Court, Saturday,the case of Newton Herringtori,charged with, cutting and woundingJason Haword, Court Day, was givena hearing before County Judge GeoBatterton. After hearing the testi-Imony, Judge Batterton acquittedHernngton.o-M " r'JEOR BILIOUS TROUBLESTo promote a healthy action of theliyer and correct the disordersv caused by biliousness, Chamberlain'sTablets ate excellent. Try them andsee how quickly they giye you a relish for your food and banish thatdull and stupied feeling.(adv-april)oSenator Reed says that the Demq.cratic members of the Missouri Legislature are trying to embarrasshim. Like as if anything could!, ,fiFor influenza and after effects,use K. U. Tablets. They build upyour serves and stomach; rid theBystem of all aches, pains and tiredfeelings. They restore vigor andvim. They are fine for headacheand rheumatism. The contents of K.U.. Tablets aje used by all of the bestphysicians of the country.Don't be without them in yourhome. Once tried they are alwaysused. They are put up in 10c and25c boxes and are for sale by alldruggists arid groceries.Distributed by theK. U. CHEMICAL CO.,568 McClelland Building,7feb-3mos) Lexington, Ky.Ford TruckChain Drive425 :One Ton RennhliV! Lomi Wheel Base. An excellent If mechanical condition.?bOO.H5' KellyiDisfrxbtxior'3, Q32!u2e32i2eEedZI3ar ItU 1010 GUbct4A4lr&icitiriali,0.SHOE POLISHES, UFRDALLET CQBPORAT10WS 1XD. BUFFJUA.Y.Vf)lHides, Junk andPoultryWe pay highest cash prices for poultry andeggs. Also quote the following prices:Rags $2.00perl00Iron 40c per 100Beef Hides 19c per lb.No. 1 Horse Hides '. .$7.50 eachSheep Skins 75c to $2.50Delivered to our place on Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.i Munich & WidesOpposite Martin's Livery Stable, CUMBERLAND PHONE 374Banking by MailSafe Private & Convenienty Let th Government be our gbetween Dy using th Mailmen.Ou 4 Investment ?s gMaranteeVRj.ue; write today for Informatlen.The "Citlieni'Ue the largeet Sank foIndiana exclusive of IndianaDoIia. an'rfIs safely and conservatively managed,,'besides being wttpr u. s. Government.supervisionCitizens National Bank,iom&MM'wKtms'f777777T--r-rferrr 'TIDtAMAyjJ! I-CVANCVK4.E1furc9fAI,V WAtrA CWtTVWTi'W -;Tr'?HX.Vp-09 $ -$.?V, FRIDAY, APRIL 18. 1319?THE BOUEBON NEWS. PAEIS, KMTDCKTiiPrice Will Advance1m'k$aTX.v ftSatutxIauMWM- &.vv5&CrtPSxh'w? gsfeVll -'?.?" .(' .-' ii i-'' ' .v.vr , .r. :'"rJiu 4 4 ' . v , . . -.:,i.. - k-.'-J .-', . .- -.. 7ri.-'.n,7.r.-S,jOVs.tre. ft T- I ' HMV . , i f rt.';.A V ? f-v - -".BM" ni v'ln11'iM,,li, . :Hi'""'rr ,;i:- , ,, ... ti ns. , ' v2. 'V;iz-y's i ----. JttsrasBtt7 -J A 7 3.. i " J T'--'JfJi'lu'VV A l . i(ii r .o, , tjwt sm " - ' . . 'f . ;ri44 lOEWftKi "rrf' . 'f '.''rfl,r..cjmi.vrjfft -; hv "i. s r . - s s.jm kmitik' uaiI.fea ' tV.VOmXisViU,fT ' . .-rasisrKfer-.'-t' T t. " . i 'j i' liiai i -. f . . . . -. . 'wmir hi!T-Tfi i ifiii r - j r nrmt -- v .'ViT-P M ' '.tyMdW&fi' .Sy Sj. :a-tM gfrsfim W -'.ass-: -m r '-.- JEx miAllv W '" r ''--i -ft '-";-s JeW lyiliAf aV 'til j3, i our ,,.v J .- H VV l !$i Tour kcheck ,i a I r H ww VI Checka. : V.2r i ZJE f ilfi)a'r.x'. ij?-yr 'V- V" . V fck - " ' T.T , KVC 'JBTW RrtrirtflFiJm'KVr T'S- J V -.Sf ;7M'i0xJR r'KFSQ&.i "V-. ik ,-1- - vMi.'.vvAUJIAW-il1!.- jittfisss . "- ..v.r. !SBm8aanB!;SwytC :. 1 - u"w"Av.Mi';?.aejsj ::;mB!w?myf- r-Y-"" -" w.-iwwh4?'...fr . . . ' ' T30 U$&x&'t-'rA 'v-. -:?'aVi'Here's warning! The price of stock in the LouisvilleMansfield Lead & Zinc Company will advance nextSaturday, April 19. This is final notice take heed!"J 7V '.'1' v- ? ,'S.i?-feRS"': r vs5v: ae:. . - -.'.--ifc-i V-T1iSSwV'Er- --K .-r! -'-; -Wl3Hto. -. t-o8sS63fetiHl1lcrJPS?t i'.', V-J . rt- 'iVWiifr V,..-?4&$p??t. uk. ..W .Remember (1st), that this company owns the leases on four tracts (of 40 acres each) at Mansfield, Missouri, right where the mother lode in the great Ozark lead and zinc district is nearest thesurface, (2d), that this company has proven its holdings by drilling and is already sinking the firstshaft for its first mill, and (3d), that the officers and directors of the Louisville Mansfield Lead &Zinc .Go. are chiefly the same gentlemen as those of the Kentucky Mansfield Lead & Zinc Syndicate,which company, already in operation, paid a monthly dividend of 2fo in January, 3 in February ando in March. One thing's sure there is wealth in lead and zinc. Make the most of this opportunity!Office Open EveningsOur offics, Room 409 Starks building,will be kept open every evening thisweek until 8 o'clock we'll keep it openSaturday evening until 10. Rememberthe place 409 Starks building! Rememtor the price $1.00 now! Remembtrthe last day Saturday, April 19!Louisville Mansfield Lead & Zinc Co.,' Incorporated.409 Starks Bldg., Louisville, Ky. 'Inclosed find my check for in payment for shares of stock in thtLouisville Mansfield Lead & Zinc Qo.SignedAddressChecks Mailed SaturdayThat those living out of LoukrviUe mayhave the same opportunity as ' those fatthe city, we will accept orders, accompamied with checks, providing the postmarkshows them to have been mailed Saturday, April 19. Remember thelafi dajr-ithis wttk Mat Srttfdaf!c .r,3fevilk UlanstiflilINCORPORATED.40$Stufai BHg.WftttfeVilfeJkfti- h.ssh&'JL"Qty and Mite CT. M. CRUTCHER, PMfMe. T. T. BEELER, Vice President NAT C CURETON, SecreUiy. W. IL NRWBOU),Directers: T. M. Crutcker, J. C Makon, Nat CuMon, W- & NtwMi smdT: T. Mmdmt.'Vri !-r :k .f , .: kt . It'Sh'Hje,J .h.&h-v-1" '".V 'A.rf.w.' t, . .I : -r".cr! .HV ;,rrt11 1!:VMQffi EIGHT't.11jtt.u-fOl'lFfHtaiiI1 1THE BQUB&ON NETJJS, PARIS, 'iqUCKYIDAUnW H IH H H M H HVr t . Wmr1" ""THEATREv - i s i i U ' - '!'. ;TODAYT . ,..,. ,.. ... e - -p-i5Bf WSlitiifSfsT7-N.' -' .:..- , .;.:Cr'j-f lv: t'c-i f, ;-7s?w fe v?J: 'k,ivi3v?'v j iAND TOMORROWI tr' v $r & "!r iV . i' ' - -IFriday and Saturday, April 18th and 19th. .i i fv.u 'Vw 'fl 'H'5 H B hVj'ii i ,T-' :il,- v'j -- ;.;- '' 2tA- ;:i..t. . . ---.-.a B ik BBlMte B UBi .Mii- MHIM ,BB 'iHB HiHI aHMB. 1 1 HHlH BIHHBidl ' " JUJIAI " V"" H Hflfl .Hfl'm' hhH HHhIhH hI H . -H - - r-,-H ,:H .' H .HIH H IBhB HH'ill fvr:-'B " ;".. -"BH'BHHIIIHHIIHHVH HHH BB fll -. .BH ' ' -rHsflH WK -HHJ tVH aH HI HI HH HI HI HI HI -HI HI HI HIm I '" "-' "" ''- '-' 'HI HI hTVA Vhh1 HV IWAhThI Ht ' Hk. - " h1 : ' 'H -'" HHr VA 1 I Hh''' I hLI h4V I IUI'vll'l' -'' ' B '" 'hM"',"I' "B'" hi ' " ubb p;h1'B ' F'HIH H hhh! ' ' ';'hh1'-WhI hV' hhhI'hH hV'hhIhB hhH' :'j ;xhhV'H!hhhT '5ht hB hhhImhv IShhH m , H'l H'y ' w Hi-T'HBhmh1":, hHI "' ,"t'wB''",u'" hVhmhIA Fleet of Singers, Dancers Comedians and Many Lovely Girls!IsChange of Program Each Night. Show Starts 8:15ADMISSION :r: Lower, Ploor 50c plus 5c War Tax 55c(Balcony . : . C 31c plus 4c War Tax 35c.Gallery 22c plus 3c War Tax 25cSpecial Matinee Saturday, April 19CURTAIN AT 2:30ADMISSION :- , ; - ,CHILDREN 1 Sc plus 2c War Tax 20cADULTS...... 31cplus4cWarTax-35cvl-JOpen Afternoon and Al A IVlri TMF.A'TIFjNight This Week ... " ''''v -- bbiKrTODAY, FRIDAYDorothy Gishinf.fThe Mope Chest... . If you were a salesgirl and the proprietor's son askedjyou. to marry him would you do it? And if you did, and"lyere caught in the arms of his best friend, wouldn't youave a time or it explaining; &nena moore was in tnisQuandary, but she was innocent and a victim of appearances.f PEARL WHITEHiri "THE LIGHTNING RAIDER". 'and INTERNATIONAL NEWSTOMORROW, SATURDAYGeraldine FarrarIn"Shadows"Can you imagine celebrated Geraldine Farrar in theenvironment of Alaska and a dauce hall at that! See"Shadows:" her newest and greatest' Goldwin production,and you will see how the famous opera star conducts herself as the queen of the tenderloin.', !A gripping storyof a woman's fight against the powers that prey.Also Fox Sunshine Comedy"THE DIVER'S LAST KISS"and Current Events. -Alamo and GrandProgram Monday, April 21 ProgramFanny Ward "common clayDrama of man's injustice toward erring woman. "Wild Oats" and"Closet Skeletons" with bald frankness.- A gripping sensational play.Theodore Robertsin "PUDD'NHEAD WILSON"andPARAMOUNT-FLAGG COMEDY"Perfectly Fiendish Flanagan"rAdults, 1 8c plus 2c War Tax 20c; Children, 9c plus 1 c War Tax 1 0cMILLERSBURG'PTJie Seniors and Juniors of theM. C featertained 'Tuesday.vV-Heinz pickles at 25 cents u pintat'.Catld well's. (It)" -M.3. Jennie Lyle, of Lexington,-is-ithib1 guest of her aunt, Mrs. SueB;jSaidusky., -i-Messrs. E. T. Sheeler and Bruceif cManan.1 were in Cincinnati on business Monday.', '""-Gropd oranges, apples, grapefpjlt,4 bananas and lemons at CaldweIs. i" Mrs. D. R. Rigdon was the guestot'aer 'daughter, Mrs, Berdet Wal-'tiiat Lexington, Tuesday.i .'Quite jt , number from herew;cre in. Lexington, Tuesday, whenIfhit No. 40 came in, enroute toOqjnp Taylor. There were many pathetic scenes between members ofthe Unit and their loved ones athome.Rev. W. W. Morton left Wednesday for Augusta, where he attendedthe Ebenezer Presbytery of the Presbyterian church.Mr. and Mrs. T. H. Thompsonleft Wednesday for a visit to relatives at Lexington.. Mrs. R. 3di. Bufflngton, of Columbus, O., arrived Tuesday as the guestof her sister, Mrs. Allie Miller.t Mr. Claude Dailey, of Ravenna,was the guest of his parents, Dr. andMrs. W. G. Dailey, Tuesday night.Mrs. E. B. Driscol and son, ofWorthville f arrived Tuesday as.guests of her parents, Rev. and Mrs.J. D. Redd.Mr. J. B. Crandall, of Cleveland, O., was the guest of his mother, Mrs. T. H. Thompson, from Sunday until Wednesday.Mrs. 0. R. Rankin and grandson, Master Rankin Hurst, are visit-CITY CLERK J.W. HAYDEN;'!;': Financial Report; For Quarter Ending March 31, 1919AMOUNT COLLECTED PROM ALL SOURCES:Jajhuaxy 1, balance on hand S-a.xoo.ouVr2&h ?.l- Delinauent Taxes 4,161.75tf-S: T.lfP.neus .. . i.. . 187.50.J.- .WWFines z,Rock ::'. vMiscellaneous ' ..;Soper's Note .1 . . ''k h.::DISTRIBUTEB:M"KVGeneral Fund .-. .! ?27,966.93m&inFund JibSchool Fund 1.34: 2.51library Fund . .- . . . : 80.55Hospital Fund .. .". 232.41.164.50447.0020.80125.00530,239.94- Ceaer&l Fund Distributed . . .Admililfltratio!i Salaries.. 927.32.A4Mifltftlon Expense. . 45.36 972.68Poltcfe Salaries.. 902.50iotIpS Supplies 36-.50 - 939.00trofet and Quarry Salaries 2,181.69IStreik and Quarry Eiuip-" 'Jht .i. 784.31fltrcef And Quarry Supplies 497.743,463.74Fire'pept. Salaries 660.20wire VDept. Equipment 606.90WfMDeDtSUDDlies.. .... 92.521,359.62)ifjiiiCM6morlal HospitalpfeTutTEaluz& ExpensetTftkllii. and Welfare LeagueaxN'n& Licejises Refunded . .$fcLJiting,isis"3 Expense'ffeVjrtv.'. ....'...,......Saltaoe In Sewer accoumt. . :....BalnaciR GeneralPuud. account$30,239.94?27,966.93'ing Mr. and Mrs. R . L. Tarr, at ;Umatilla, Florida.The M. M. I. Cadets were grantedtown privileges Wednesday for thefirst time 'since October 8, 1918. Itwas a,-glad sight to see the -Cadetsonce more on the streets.Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Butler anddaughter, Miss McLoha Butler, andMrs. Sallie B. Miller left Tuesdayfor a few days' visit to relatives atAugusta and attended the EbenezerPresbytery.All persons residing in thecountry having laundry will pleaseleave it at my store. We will giv.eyou prompt service and good work.The same can be left every Wednesday, and called for every-Saturday.We represent the Bourbon SteamLaundry, a home institution, andwill do your work as reasonably asanyone. If you have not tried us,give us a call. If you have tried uswe are sure we can get your workagain.(It) R. M. CALDWELLNOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.The s Sugar Creek Creamery Company will open their creamery station in the Sandusky rooms, onMain street, lately vacated by BillyMiller, the barber, on Saturday, April19. Drive up. We will take yourcream from your car;or from yourbuggy, and have your can andcheck ready in a short time. Satisfaction and profit is what we wantto give you. We have establisheda station in Millersburg for yourconvenience and want you to makeour market your market.MRS. LUCY INSKO,(It) Operator.A most interesting play, "Mrs.Tubbs Does Her. .Bit," .will be presented by the High School of Millersfmrg, on Wednesday, April 23,in the Millersburg Opera Houb "at8:00 p. m. The players have beenwell, chosen and the .play. is. suited .totheir various personalities. It contains much . homely , philosophy, andmany hearty laughs are promised allwho attend. The play is given forthe benefit of the school and is being directed by Miss Folsom McGuire, formerly of the Paris HighSchool faculty.flBBBBBBBBBBjKaiR' flHHHHBBJBBBBBBBk P BHBBHHmhCandidate Por Attorney-General Vis-its Paris. iR. W. Lisanby, of Princeton;J Democratic candidate for Attorney- jGeneral, was in Paris, Wednesday, jin the interest of his candidacy. Mr. -Lisanbyhas served as County At-'torney of Caldwell, and as City Attorney and Mayor of Princeton, andfor years has been prominent infraternal and church work. IThe Democratic members of the 'Princeton Bar Association hvaestrongly endorsed Mr. Lisanby fortnis omce, claiming ror mm mat neis eminently qualified for this office.O - rB0SW0RTH POR AUDITORvv. ;. .. ..500.0060,25157.90100.00"143.261,125.0013.204,358.056. 888. S37;885.40'$27,96:93.Respectfully Submitted,-!&& V . J. W. HAYDEN. Clerk.t' 527;966.93.MONEY RIGHT .IN YOUR HANDPOR EGGS. POULTRYx.ANDJUNK.Highest cash price for eggs,poultry, hides and junk.MUNICH & WIDES CO..(ll-t) Eighth Street, Paris, Ky,i fMr. Heniy M. Bosworth, of Fayette county, has made public, announcement of his intention to enterthe race for the Democratic nomination for Auditor of State.Mr. Bosworth's friends in Parisand Bourbon county, as elsewhere,will be much gratified to hear he isto make the race for Auditor. He isone of 'Kentucky's cleanest andablest men. His splendid recordctands as sponsor for what may beexpected of him. There should beno doubt about his nomination. 'Heis well-known and well-liked inBourbon county0 r' Who paid the price- before wecame to Paris? AWe yill pay you 38cents cash for yonr es. 'LEON RENAKER & CO., jDow Building, opp. Windsor Hotel.o.EASTER SHOPPERS!Take advantage of the special values in footwear offered at. - DAN COHEN'S,Paris' Greatest Shoe Store.MUSICAL REVUE COMPANYPLEASING PATRONS AT GRAND !BOX AND PIE SUPPER.The Ches Davis Musical Revue j Don't forget the box and pie supCompany, which is playing a week's per to' be given, to-morrow in the Litehggement at the Paris Grand ; tie Rock Graded High SchoolOpera House is-.pleasing the patrons-huildiner. A small admission fneof that house with -their nightly-will be -charered. the nroceeds-to- hej programs. They, hayead crowded .applied to;rthetbenefitpf the church..i houses at each performance. ' "Th"e public invited -to-attend. l iNOTICE!Let Us DemonstrateOurxDetroit VaporOil Stoves!We will show you the many advantages a DetroitVapor Stove has over ordinary oil stoves.Don't miss it! Come and see this wonderful oilstove. It has-no wicks lights instantly workslike gas!You will be interested in the cooking and bakingtests to be held in connection with the demonstration.?-r.ifc:J IvO- :. .A. F. WHEELERCHAS. GREENrMMtHMain 4ittf Third Sts.s - - 'l!j.tzzu.3L. :"""iwdfej"THE BOUBBON HEWS, PABIS, KKHtCTCKY" iFREDAT, APRIL If, If If .", "y?Sttiir'3ILee-Kent Oil CoINCORPORATEDW. R. BLAKEMORE,PresidentDR. J. M. WILLIAMSVice PresidentEDWARD F. SPEARS2nd. Vice PresidentC. P. MANN,Sale ManagerW. S. BELL,TreasurerBLAIR A. VARDEN,SecretaryNow Offering a LimitedAmount of theCapitalat 4QStockcPer SharePar Value $1.00This company has valuable holdings in Lee, Owsley andEstill Counties organized by prominent and substantialbusiness men of Paris and Bourbon County.Two weeks old and selling OilBUY STOCK NOWirIXW. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets. Paris, Ky." " 5 K S3H mi HiH IK HRi JZ egM&ittittMi&mWolf, Wile & Co.LEXINGTON, KENTUCKYTo Those Women and Misseswho like to wear styles which are head and shouldersabove the commonplace, we would ask you to take a tripto view theseNew Suitsand Dresses329 'HDRESSESFor All-OccasionsModels that appeal to the discriminating girl and youthful woman. Nothing of the freakish appears in a singlefrock; just the quiet elegance of good taste in every line.The simplicity which shows the hand of genius of masterdesigners.SUITSIn Slender Effect ModelsThey display that "slender Effect" to a nicety and introduce many little style touches in pockets, sleeves andcuffs. Great care was used in picking out these garments; they are for women who appreciate exclusivenessand youngish ideas at REASONABLE PRICES.Wolf, Wile C& Co.LEXINGTON, KENTUCKYSERVICE ROLL FOR KENTUCKYI). A. R.The Kentucky Daughters of theAmerican Revolution have had prepared a service roll wjhich has on itthe names of their sons, grandsons,husbands and brothers who servedduring the world war, in the armyand navy, in this country and abroad,and their daughters and granddaughters who served overseas.The service roll will be presentedat the Kentucky State meeting in theKentucky room in Memorial Continental Hall in Washington, Tuesdayafternoon. The chairman, Mrs. Hardy, will have charge of the presentation. Mrs. Mathew T. Scott, honorary president general of the national society, a former Kentuckywoman, will make the presentationspeech. Mrs. Scott is an honorarymember of the Kentucky State organization, and the name of her grandson, Lieutenant Matthew Scott Brownell, is on the roll. Mrs. SamuelShackleford, of Frankfort, Ky., StateRegent, will make the speech accepting the roll. It will be carried intothe room and hung by the Kentuckypages to the congress, Miss MinnieBall Moore, Miss Elizabeth ReedTandy and Miss Marie Louise Kellogg. In the service roll Bourbon countyfurnishes the following list:Jemima Johnson Chapter, ParisCaptain William Collins, CaptainReuben Hutchcraft, Lieutenant Cassius M. Clay III, Lieutenant JohnHarris Clay, Corporal BrooksWoodford, Corporal W. T. Woodford,Dr. M. Hume Bedford, Rene Clark,Edward Spears, Charles Spears, Harvey Rogers, John Stuart, JamesThompson, Jr., Scott Woodford, JohnW. Woodford.73,713,077 POUNDS TOBACCO SOLDIN MARCH.During the mo-nth of March tobacco sold on the markets in thisState brought $17,332,213.04. Ofthis amount $16,774,061.12 wasrealized on the 1918 crop and $558,151.90 on the previous year's crop.During the month of March 73,713,077 pounds of the 1918 crop weresold and 2,218,985 of the 1917 crop.COUNTY BOARDS TO DISCUSSRAISE IN ASSESSMENT.Representatives from the Boards ofEqualization from the counties ofBourbon, Kenton, Mason, Montgomery, Fayette and probably severalothers will meet in the Lexingtoncourt house at 4 o'clock Tuesday afternoon to discuss the proposed raisein these counties.E. B. Ellis, 'Chairman of the Boardof Equalization for Fayette county,stated Saturday night that the outcome of the meeting will more thanlikely be the securing of the best attorneys in the State to fight theState Tax Commission in its plan ofraising the assessment value ofthese counties.-O INEW AUTO OWNERS. 'The Franklin Motor Co., of Lexington, sold a Franklin touring carlast week to Mr. John Wright, nearParis. The Motor Products Co., ofthe same place, sold a l1 ton International truck to Soper & Clark,of Millersburg.The Lexington Cadillac Co. reportsthe sale of an eight-cylinder Cadillac touring car to O. L. Potts, ofMillersburg, and an eight-cylinderCadillac phaeton to Mr. H. H. Chinn,of Bourbon county.BOYS "HOBOING" TO CAMP KNOXSENT HOME.Declaring they were on their wayto Camp Knox, near Stithton, for thepurpose of finding some kind of workto do, five boys who alighted from asouth-bound L. & N. train at the L.& N'. Station, were placed under arrest and brought to Paris after theyhad led the officers a long chase.The boys, upon alighting from thetrain, were sighted by officers, andstarted on a run for open country.Thef chase led the officers a distanceof nearly three miles, the boys proving efficient sprinters. They werefinally caught near the L. & N. section house on the Winchester pikeand brought to Paris.They were taken in charge by Patrolman George W. Judy and takenbefore Mayor January. They gavetheir names as W. E. Ellis, 17, ofBoyd, Ky.; Robt. HChrs, 19, of Covington; Walter Ballenger, 17, ofBerry, and Ralph Garrett, 18, of Covington. The boys were given a good mealat a local boarding house, as theysaid they had not had a mouthfulto eat since leaving their homes.They were given a "fatherly talk"by the Mayor, and. furnished transportation to their homes, which theygladly accepted, promising to returnhome and be good.BURPEE'S FAMOUS GARDENSEEDS AT CATALOGUEPRICES.tLet us put up your garden seedorder. We have fresh stock of Burpee's Seeds that grow and we furnish them at catalogue prices.(8-4t) ARDERY DRUG STORE.&AMUSEMENT COMPANIES EFFECT CONSOLIDATION INLEXINGTON.Constipated Children Gladly Take"California Syrup of Figs"For the Liver and BowelsTell your druggist you want genuine"California Syrup of Figs." Full directionsand dose for babies and children of all ageswho are constipated, bilious, feverish, tonguecoated, or full of cold, are plainly printed onthe bottle. Look for the name "California"and accept no other "Fig Syrup."1 SSurtons1 Confectionery Store 1Successor to Adami & Santi.AGENT FOR M. IB0LDMANUEL, COUNSELOR,AND S0NADA CIGARSAdami's Famous Recipe formaking delicious Ice Cream,jjjj Soda Water and MixedI Drinks still used.I Bulk Ice CreamK (Made from Pure Cream)II delivered1 for home use.I Fancy Ices for Partiesjjjj HIGH CLASS BOXllll CANDIES.For the BEST, See UsFRANK BURTONArticles of agreement and consolidation among the Phoenix Amusement Company, the Colonial Amusement Company and the AlhambraTheatre Company were filed in theCounty Clerk's office, in Lexington,Friday. The corpoiate name of theconsolidated company is the PhoenixAmusement Company, which willhave its principal offices in Lexington. The amount of capital stock is$200,000, divided into 2,000 sharesof the par value of SI 00 ecah. Thearticles are signed by the presidentsand directors of the various companies: H. A. Stilz, Fred Stilz. LouisA. Michler, George Michler, J. C.Rogers, Jacob Speyer, B. J. Tracy,Miss Anna Belle Ward, G-. D. Wilson,Miss Louise Wilson, S. B. Lee, HarryS. Brower, George S. Weeks, X W.Mantle, W. H. Porter and John B.Elliott.The Colonial Amusement Company.one of the parties to the consolidation owns and operates The ParisGrand Opeia House and The AlamoTheatre, in this city. These properties will not be affected by the consolidation, but remain under thesame management.oMONEY RIGHT ' IN YOUR HANDEOR EGGS. POULTRYAND JUNK.Highest cash price for eggs.poultry, hides and junk.MUNICH & WIDES CO.,(11-tf) Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.oSTRANGLER" LEWIS TAKESBRIBE IN CALIFORNIA.A mishap to Strangler Lewis, formerly of Lexington, aboard a trainand a hurried call for her assistance,led to the engagement of the heavyweight wrestler to Dr. Anna ScottMorton, of San Jose, Cali., she stated,announcing their marriage will besolemnized May 1, in New York.- Far from wishing Lewis to quit themat, Dr. Morton encouraged him tocontinue. She has built him splendid training quarters at her countryhome near San Jose, and expects theStrangler to engage in bouts aftertheir leturn from a honeymoon tripabroad.Blue Grass Oil Exchange(Incorporated)Kentucky Oil Securities bought andOpen call sessions everysold atWednesday .Saturday . .Saturday . .One Sale Wednesday.418 MAINCumb. Phone 3138:00 p. m.4:00 p. m.8:00 p-m.Two Saies Saturday.STREETNext to N. Kriener"FAKE" ASPIRINWAS TALCUMrfliHeref ore Insist Upon .Genpine "Bayer Tabletsof Aspirin"-ixi!KIAnything In Your Eye?Many people who come to us forexamination imagine there is someforeign substance in their eyes.It is hard to convince them, sometimes, that these gritty, sandy,scratching, irritating conditions aresymptoms and effects due to. refractory errors which usually can be corrected by the wearing of properly fitted glasses. Let us take the "grit"out of your eyes.K j INTERIOR-JOURAL COMMENTS ON.RECENT BOURBON AEFAIRThe Stanford Interior-Journalmakes the following comment on therecent happening in Cincinnati whena Bourbon county man, Frank Munson, of near Hutchison, killed William Foley, the particulars of whichare well remembered by the public:"Not long since a Bourbon countyman followed his wife and anotherman to Cincinnati and catchingthem in a room together poured hotshot into him and stilled his amorous activities for all times. He wasarrested and has since been in jailtill Saturday, when the grand juryfailing to find an indictment againsthim, he was discharged. The failureto indict made the presiding Judgevery wrothy and he delivered himself thus: 'You have freed a. manupo-n the 'unwritten law' when hisonly defense in law could have beeninsanity or self-defense," declaredthe Court. 'Undoubtedly your sympathies got the better of your soberjudgment, but such, actions onlyserve to bring discredit upon theCourts.' Very, truly; alas too true."oEIRE DESTROYS BIG BUILDINGSIN PITTSBURG.Millions of fraudulent AspirinTablets were sold by a Brooklynmanufacturer, which later proved tobe composed mainly of Talcum Powder. "Bayer Tablets of Aspirin" thetrue, genuine, American made andAmerican owned Tablets are markedwith the safety "Bayer Cross."Ask for and then insist upon"Bayer Tablets of Aspirin" and always buy them in the original Bayerpackage, which, contains proper directions and dosage.Aspirin is the trade mark of BayerManufacture of Monoaceticacidesterof Salicylicacid.(apr4-tf-F-125)0resswFOROasterWe are prepared to show youthe latest inSpring. Suits,Coats, CapesDresses, BlousesSkirts Shoes, Etc;The Largest Line ofMILLINERYin the city 4Dr. Wm. Riley FranklinSuite 205-6 First National Bak,Both Phones, Paris, Ky.Two spectacular fires destroyedbuildings in different sections of thedowntown district of Pittsburg, Pa.,entailing a loss of between $150,000and $200,000. While firemen werefighting a general alarm in Duquesneway, another broke out inFirst avenue in a building" occupiedby the Atlantic Glass Company andsoon assumed alarming proportions,threatening destruction of nearbybuildings. ."Virtually all the apparatus in thecity was summoned when fire, preceded by explosions, swept the Duquesneway building, a four-storystructure occpied by the electricManufacturing & Repair Conrpanyand the Baird 'Machinery Company.Margolen'sSanitary Meat MarrketPUREHOGLARD30cTWIN BROS.DEPARTMENT STORE701-703 Main St., Paris, Ky.Aetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityAnd Other r :CasualtiesPoundA. J. FEBAGENTMARGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketTry Traction Service ForPackage or FreigktDeliveriesKy. Traction k TemiialCt.t 'Jt jLK iIVi-'';-'-tff,lN- - ;t.-i: - 'JOf all the Liberty Loans, this; is ithismost important.:We i went in to win ? and to. , win:,quicMyv We won. Now we havegot ; to pay our bills?It means we must. see. the thing 'through Uncle Sam's debt is.your debt and my debt. -Let's. put over the Victory Liberty Loan, withv a b&ng and square,things up buy for cash' andbuy on installments and do it todaysTHIS AD IS PATRIOTICALtV CONTRIBUTED, TO THE? CAUSE 5 OF FINISHINGiTHEJOB BVTHeAi Ji wintersand?ifct-?.--... ''. '''.-. - C! ' . II j- - -- --- - ' - - . ' I-' wi -! . -" ' - .:. ,. , .. . . Ma" TIIIIILHWH,....RV$JatiSS-'T-- vtIJgftife5;SI