""THENEWSItPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRTHY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXVI IIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, APRIL 29, 1919itBOURBONTHE CITY SAYS THERE MUST BENO NEWSPAPER CONTESTSNO SOLICITING WHERE PRIZESARE OFFERED A GOOD LAWAND EVERYONE APPROVES ITSADOPTION.An. ordinance was passed lastThursday night, April 24, 1919, bythe City Council, of Paris, Ky., prohibiting the solicitation of subscriptions by solicitors, for periodicalsand newspapers, where prizes, etc.,are offered. The ordinance is as follows: 'Tor soliciting: Subscriptions toANY NEWSPAPER OR PERIODICAL by offering any premium or gift,or where solicitors are engaged inANY contest for prize, or prizes, perday, $5.00."The ordinance above was also ineffect last year. The Paris newspapers have refrained from conductingany contests during- that time because it was against the law, alsobecause the public has been annoyedenough with such "contests."However, the law is being violatedevery day by foreign newspapers.Innocent solicitors are also being induced to violate the above ordinance.The newspapers of Paris do not wantto issue warrants for these solicitors,as they are sure that they are unconscious of the fact that they are violating the law. If the practice iscontinued, however, it will be necessary for the local papers, in justiceto themselves, to take steps to stopthe violation of the ordinance, whichis very plain.The Paris newspapers pay licenses,City "and county taxes, etc., for the'conducting of their business and forthe protection against foreignerscoming to this city and being allowed privileges not conceded to them.The attention of the city officialsis also called to the above. They allpride themselves on enforcing thelaw, if their attention is called toany violations of the city ordinances.The law is very plain and theMayor and Council are to be congratulated on the drafting of such an. ordinance, as it is certainly very clearand prohibts the obnoxious "contest"practice in Paris.THE BOURBON" NEWS,THE KENTITCKIAN-CITIZEN,THE PARIS DEMOCRAT.o iINSURANCE.Fire, Tornado, Lightning,Automobile and Hall.YERKES & PEED.(jan!4-tf)FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSWatch Our WindowsFRIDAYandSATURDAYSILKDRESSESGEORGETTE ANDSILK$15.00FRANKLADIES' OUTFITTERSAutomobileKNIGHTS OF COLUMBUS COUNCILTO BE INSTITUTED HEBEA Council of the Knights of Columbus will be instituted at theMasonic Temple in Paris, on Sunday, May 4. The new council hasbeen appropriately named, "P. L McCarthy Council, No. 1955." Aspecial train will bring visiting members from Cincinnati, NCovington,Newport and Ludlow. A large attendance is also expected from Louisville, Lexington aad other Kentucky cities. After the initiationceremonies the members and visitorawill be entertained with a banquetat the court house. The speakingarrangements for the hanquet are asfollows:"The Home Council," Rev. J. L.Gorey, Newport, Ky."The Doughboy," Hon. M. T. Hennessy, Augusta, Ky."The Knights of Columbus in WarTime," Hon. Wm. Geoghegan, Cincinnati, O."A Million Members in 1919," Mr.T. T. Donovan, Ludlow, Ky.The following have been electedofficers of P. I. McCarthy Council,1955, Knights of Columbus:Grand Knight E. H. Gorey.Deputy Grand Knight J. FMeCarthy.Financial Secretary Jas.O'Connell.Treasurer R. T. Welling.Chancellor H. T. Sonten, Sr.Warden Leo Keller.Advocate Wm. Grannan.Inside Guard J. R. Roche.Outside Guard John T. Kane.Recorder P. J. Kelly.Trustees Geo. L. Doyle, J.lt.J.Grosche, M. J. Lavin.Mr. P. I. McCarthy, deceased, forwhom the new Council is named,was not only an honored and loyalmember of the order, but one whowas held in the highest esteem byall citizens of Bourbon county. The'Knights of Columhus are composedof the best citizenship of the Catnolic faith and the wonderful workperformed, hy the organization in theworld war has won for it a warmplace in the hearts of the people, regardless of creed.Knights of Columbus, Bourboncounty and the citizens of Paris,welcome you in their midst.FRACTURES BIBS.While working on a scaffold nearRuddles Mills, James Rankin, carpenter, of Shawhan, fell, when aplank broke, precipitating him to theground. He sustained several fractured ribs. Dr. George L. Rankin, ofShawhan, attended, the injured man.& CO.Delivery vMBERESTING OIL NOTESParties are preparing to drill ninewells on Indian Creek, Owsleycounty.The Lee-Kent Oil Company willopen their new office in the Holladaybuilding this week. Carpenters andpainters nave been on the job for thepast week getting the rooms in readiness for the company.Reports of increased productionare had from the Millie Freemantract on Ross Creek, Estill county.Three local companies, the Lee-KentOil Co., Bourbon Oil Company andCo-operating Land & DevelopmentCo. are interested in this tract.A large crowd was in attendanceat the Blue Grass Oil Exchangeopen-call session Saturday afternoonand evening. Co-Operating, LeeKent and Parboken were in activedemand at increased prices over thelast sales. A large number of Bourhon shares changed hands. Biddingwas spirited.The Kentucky Oil Journal, published at Louisville, in its summaryof Kentucky oil news, complimentsTHE NEWS by republishing entirelyextracts concerning the oil exchangesin this city, and the progress of oildevelopment in other places in whichParis companies--are interested. TheJournal gives THE NEWS credit forthese items, which are publishedword for word just as they werewritten in THE NEWS office. TheJournal shows good judgment in itsselection of news matter.There were 271 new wells completed in Kentucky during the month ofMarch, an increase of 56. Many ofthe new wells brought in duringMarch were smaller than those forFebruary, and for this reason thereis shown a falling off in new production of 531 barrels. Total new production for the month was 9,247barrels. Of the 271 new wells drilled, only 25 were dry and 11 gavegas.Bad condition of the roads following heavy rains throughout themountain regions had effect on thenumber of new work under way. Inthe new work at the close of themonth there weie twen'ty-four rigsup and 590 wells drilling.The prediction is being made thatthe production of oil in the State ofKentucky may reach 50Q,000 barrelsper week by the end of the presentyear 1919. This amount of oil wouldmean the sale of approximately ioriymillion (40,000,000) dollars' wormof. oil per year. Men of wealth andlarge business experience are almostdaily becoming financially interestedin the Kentucky oil industry. It isobvious that the industry deservesand justifies the consideration of thebest business ,men of the State.Forty millions is quite an item,and this vast wealth is being takenout of the ground, new wealth, so tospeak, from a source hitherto undeveloped. Thousands and thousandsof dollars are being turned, loose inKentucky by the oil indus'try for material, supplies, labor, etc. The payrolls of the different companies runinjx thousands; this money circulatesaround and benefits the banks, thereal estate people, the hotels, thestores, the restaurants, the amusement places.oBOURBON WINS PRIZE IN INSURANCE CONTEST.A prize offered by the AmericanLife & Accident Insurance Company,to the county and district writingthe largest amount of insurance ina given period, has been awarded toBourbon county, which is headquarters of one of the nine State districts.To celebrate the event the Stateofficers and county superintendentswere tendered a banquet by the localrepresentatives Friday night atStout's Cafe, following a businesssession. The district is composed ofBourbon, Boyle, Harrison, Garrard,Wloodford, Lincoln, Montgomery andMadison counties. Among those froma distance attending were:I W. G. Crutcher, Richmond; A. C.'Cassity, Danville; N. A. Wilkerson,Mt. Sterling; J. C. West, Shelby ville;I. H. Pennybaker, Stanton; WilliamMullins,, Winchester; J. C. Doggins,Lexington; T. F. Bishop, Versailles;J. C. Jackson, Wm. King, Lexington;Supt H. C. Veasey, Richmond; President D. J. Lampton, Louisville;Frank J. Trisler, Paris and Danville,district superintendent.MONEY RIGHT IN YOUR HANDFOR EGGS. POULTRYAND JUNK.Highest cash price for eggs,poultry, hides and junk.MUNICH & WIDES CO.,(11-tf) Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.ON INSPECTION TOUR.Fourteen members of the class inAgriculture of the Little Rock Graded High School, in charge of the principal, Prof. B. M. Roberts, were visitors at the College of Agricultureand the Agricultural ExperimentStation of the State University, inLexington, Saturday. They made atour of the farm and took in all theplaces of interest, being afterwardentertained at dinner at the Experimental Station cafeteria.1;IN THE SERVICE OP THEIR! COTOTRY., 4,Corp. Alvin Thomasr who is atCamp Zachary Taylor, where he hasbeen under treatment at the BaseHospital, is a guest of his sister,Mrs. Chas. Sauer, and Mr. Sauer.Corp, Thomas was gassed and wounded in the leg in one of the big battles overseas, and after several weeksin French hospitals, was invalidedhome. He is here on a furlough, andwill return to the Base Hospital in afew days. . 'The first contingent of 5,000 recruits enlisted by the War Department for foreign service to relievemen in the army of occupation, willleave Camp Meade, April 30, forNew York, preparatory to embarking.While in New York these men willparticipate on May 3 in the Victoryparade to be held in that city. Withtills first unit will go a number ofofficers who have asked for foreignservice, to relieve officers in "the armyin Germany.Ralph, ("Whitey") Huffman, ofCovington, formerly a resident ofParis, was a guest of Paris friendsand relatives Sunday and yesterday.Huffman was in the infantry service,and spent several months on thefighting line in France, where he waswounded and gassed. Upon returning to this country Huffman was sentto a Base Hospital, where he spentseveral weeks. He was later sent toCamp Zachary Taylor, where he received his final discharge papers lastWednesday. He has some interestingstories of army life, all from actualexperiences in camp and on the firingline.BLUE SERGE SUITS. $35.' A suit for service and style, thoroughly guaranteed.J. W. DAVIS & CO.oFIRST WEEK OF LOAN CAMPAIGNSHOWS PROGRESS.At the close of business Saturdaynight, the Kentucky division of theFourth Federal Reserve district inthe Victory Loan campaign had raised practically one-half of its quota,'according to Chairman R. T. Anderson, who reported sovon more counties "over the top" with subscriptions amounting to 27,183,100.jr-""felegrams were received Saturdaynight from most of the county chairmen in the fifty-six counties, tellinghow their respective counties stoodin the campaign when the banksclosed in the afternoon.With two more weeks before thecampaign closes, Mr. Anderson expects the quota of $14,845,600 to befar exceeded.McCreary county is the first in theEastern division to report a 100 percent, oversubscription McCreary'squota in the campaign was $9,150and Saturday the county reportedsubscriptions amounting to 218,300,just exactly double the allotment.The seven counties whicli went"over the top" Saturday were: Harrison, Rohertson, Montgomery, Lewis, Bracken, Clark and Knott. Thismakes a total of ten counties thathave exceeded their quotas, Bourbon, Lee and McCreary having previously reported, oversubscriptions.Williamstown, in Grant county, reported it was "over," but the county's quota has not yet been reached.oASK FOR RITTER'S SALT RISINGBREAD.When you go to ""r grocer ordealer ask them for Hitter's salt rising bread, a local food made fromchoice pure materials.RITTER'S BAKERY.(25apr-12-t)oMISS HARBISON TO GIVE CONCERT FRIDAY, MAY 2.Miss Mary Dan Harbison, the talented and sweet-voiced soloist of thePresbyteria-n church, and her brother, Capt. Robert Harbison, will givea concert in the Paris City Schoolauditorium on next Friday night.Mv.at 8:15 o'clock. The concertwill be given under the auspices ofthe Christian Endeavor Society oftlie Paris Presbyterian church. Anadmission charge of fifty cents fora ln Its and thirty-five cents for schoolchildren will be charged.Miss Harbison and Capt. Harbisonneed no introduction to the people ofParis. Their remarkably sweetvoices have been heard here on numerous occasions in concert and atthe Presbvterian church. All whohave heard them have been charmedby the majrfc of the soloists' voices,and it is afe to assume that therewill be a large attendance of musiclovers at the concert Friday night. .o-ENTOmrraTVTFNT TO BE REPEATED FRIDAY. MAY 2.Tpe r?p innnr p-ivor at the StonvPoint school list WMnesday nightwic a siioee finanniallv. thouea theTttondance wa vv materiallv lessened nn account of the had weatherprevniiingr.At the pajrest solicitation of minfircws fnends and natrons of therhool. who were unable to attend,the entertainment will he reoeatetfnevt Fridav niht. Mav 2. at eisrhto'clock." You are cnrdip,lly invitoto attend and spend an enjoyableevening, -REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSA tract of grass land comprising19 acre, located near Silas church,in the Jacksonville vicinity, wasrented publicly in front of the courthouse door Saturday, for GeorgeRose, administrator, by AuctioneerM. F. Kenney, for $14.75 per acre.COTTONSEED MEAL.Swift's Digester Tankage 60Protein for Hogs.Swift's High Grade Fertilizer forTobacco.8-tf ) CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.oFLYING CIRCUS NOT TO BE HEREUNTIL FRIDAY.The Flying Circus, one of the stellar attractions sent out under theauspices of the Central Liberty LoanCommittee of the Fourth Federal Reserve District at Cleveland, Ohio, forthe purpose of advertising the Victory Loan, will be in Paris on nextFriday morning, instead of Thursday,May 1, as previously advertised.The change in the schedule wasmade necessary by the fact that theflying squadron, which left Hillsboro,Ohio, yesterday morning, has metwith adverse weather conditions,which has put it twenty-four hoursbehind on its schedule. This willbring the exhibition to Paris on nextFriday morning, May 2, instead ofthe advertised date, Thursday. Thefollowing telegram was received yesterday by Mr. Rudolph Davis, publicrity secretary for Bourbon county inthe Victory Loan campaign, from Mr.R. W. Young, who is in charge of the"Flying Circus:""Portsmouth, Ohio, April 28."Mr. Rudolph Davis, Publicity Secretary, Paris. Ky."Adverse weather conditions encountered on our trip force a delay oftwenty-four hours in schedule of TheFlying Circus, which will put us inyour city Friday morning, instead ofThursday morning. Please advisethe public to this effect."R. Wv YOUNG.'"AT THE ALAMO AND THE PARISGRAND. ""To-day, Tuesday, April 29 ElsieFerguson, in "His Parisian Wife;"Carol Holloway and Antonio Moreno,in "The Iron Test;" Pathe Comedy,"Why Pick On Me?"To-morrow, Wednesday, April 30Enrico Caruso, in "My Cousin;" BigV Comedy, "Damsels and Dandies;"Paramount Pictograph.Thursday, May 1 Constance Talmadge, in "A Lady's Name;" Arbuckle Comedy, "Fatty's Washday;"International News Feature.WE KNOW HOWBLUE SERGESUITSOf Real ValueYOU WILL FIND AT OUR STORE SERGE SUITS THATARE ABSOLUTELY FAST COLOR. NOT THE KIND THATLOSE THEIR SHAPE AND BECOME BAGGY AND ILLFITTING AFTER A FEW WEEKS' WEAR. REAL VALUESIN STEIN-BLOCH AND MICHAEL STERNS FINE CLOTHES,AT PRICES WITHIN REACH OF ALL$25.00 to $50.00NOTHING NICER FOR SUMMER WEAR THAN A BLUESERGE. WE HAVE MANY DESIRABLE PATTERNS INT FANCY SUITINGS BLACK AND WHITE CHECKS, SHEP-ARD PLAIDS, TANS, GREYS AND FANCY GREENS; SNAPPY STYLES FOR THE YOUNG FELLOWr-PANEL BACK,". CLOSE FITTING COATS SLANTING POCKETS, EXTREME' ENGLISH CUT TROUSERS.MITCHELL & BLAKEMORENettfeton ShoesDr. Reed's Cushion Sole ShoesManhattan ShirtsStetson HatsSALE OF LOTS' AT NORTH MEDLETOWN. GREAT SUCCESSThe big sale of lots conducted atNorth Middletown Tuesday by theWakefield & Davis Realty Co., ofShelbyville, was one of the most successful ones of the present season,and was attended .by a large crowdfrom all parts of the county. Proceeding the sale and at intervalsthroughout the day music was rendered by a hand from Lexington.Lunch was served on the grounds bythe North Middletown Mothers' Club,which netted them the tidy sum of$160.The sale was started promptly ontime when Auctioneer George D. ,Speakes, of the firm of Harris &Speakes, of Paris, mounted the standand announced the order of proceedings. A total of forty-seven lots wudisposed of at prices ranging from$100 to ?1,000. Messrs. JohnT. Collins and Henry S. Caywood purchased for the sum of $6,048 the residence on Main street, formerly occupied by Mrs. A. P. Bryan and Mr.and Mrs. Hiram Redmon. Gilkey &Rash bought the livery stable onMain street for $3,255. The sale realized a total of $27,000 for the promoters, Messrs. Wakefield & Davis,were congratulated on the success of this, their first venture in thereal estate business in this city.They stated that they were very wellpleased with the financial end of thedeal. The property disposed of waspurchased by them from Mrs. A. P.Bryan several months ago, and iswell located, being near the centerof the business section.Messrs. Wakefield & Davis havepurchased the Greene property in Mt.Sterling and will conduct a sale oflots at that place in the near future.Mr. Davis Patrick, owner of thegarage at North Middletown, purchased several ' lots adjoining hisproperty, and will enlarge hisgarage.The free lot offered at the salewas drawn by Mr. George Griffin,who sold it shortly after the sale for$150. The first $5 gold piece wasdrawn by Mr. Spencer Johnson, thesecond by Mrs. E. B. Allen, and thethird by Mrs. Cash, Harney.NEW AUTO OWNERS.The Phoenix Garage, of Lexington, reports the sale of a LexingtonMinute Man Six touring car to Mr.Walter S. Meng, of North Middle-,town The Lexington Cadillac Co.sold and delivered a Cadillac roads-jter to Mr. Douglas Clay, of Paris.The Kinkead-Wilson Motor Co. solda MaxwelL touring car to Mr. James.Himes, of Bourbon county. TheFranklin Motor Co. reports the saleof a four-passenger Marmon car toMr. John Harris Clay, of near Paris.Parks Bros., of Paris, purchased aLight Six Studebaker five-passengertouring car of the Mammoth GarageCompany.vrTi4f91I iJ Iifl it1m-M nJ1tV4Mb.Urn,FAGE TWOTHE BOUBBON NEWS, PARIS, .KEOTlJCKyTUESDAY, APRIL 29, 19.19.iTtl.li1mIf.inJ !isHGEORGIA OTGniVE EROH JUSTICE AR&ESTED HERE.Apply few drops then lift sort,':touchy corns off withfingers No pain!A woman's inability to read, andlier inability to keep a secret wastbo means of causing the undoing ofCharles Harris, a colored fugitivefrom justice in Georgia, where hewas wanted at Rome, Georgia, forthe killing of a white farmer namedGeorge Pierce, on April 5.Shortly after the killing Harrisfled and made his way as far asParis, where he secured a positionwith. Mr. A. D. Saat, who has thecontract for building the new sewersystem for the city. Harris wrote aletter to a woman in Rome, Georgia,advising of his presence here, andwarning her not to divulge anythingof his whereabouts to anyone in thatcity. The woman could not read, andtook-the letter to another woman,who in turn informed the Sheriff ofthe county. A deputy was sent tothdwoman's home, arid asked for theletter. Telling her it wafc simpjy someadvertising matter, the deputyretained ttie letter. Two police officials from Rome' were sent to Paris,andsecuriner the assistance of theinAA? nnUo t.hev'sfMm located Harris Doesn't hurt a bit! Drop a littleat a house on Cypress street. The ' Freezone on an aching corn, inofficers. Deputy Sheriffs Hall and stantly that corn stops hurting, thenHall; and Chief of Police Link and you lift it right out. Yes, magic!LIFT OFF CORNS!f! j0mPatiolman Lusk at daylight went tothe-house and caught Harris just asho 'was coming put. - He was handcuffed and turned' over to the Georgia,1, officials. At first he denied hisguiHj'-but afterWard told the officialsho "was the ' man they wanted andthat he was willing, to go back toGeorgia without extradition papers.Harris, in charge of the two Georgia1' officers, was returned to Rome.A reward of $37J offered for his apprehension, "will be divided betweenChief of' Police Link and Patrolman Lusk.oAH. A MISTAKE."Bourbon county is good enoughfor me, and Clintonville will remainmy, home," declared Mr. George W.Dawson, of Clintonville. An item hasbeen going the rounds of the pressto the effect that Mr. Dawson hadpurchased property in. Lexington andwould move there to reside soon.Mr. Dawson, who is Cashier of theFarmers' Bank of Clintonville, stated that he had recently sold a residence in Lexington, and that he hadno iidea of moving away from Clintonville, where he was born, hadspent' practically his whole life, andwhere his old friends continue toh Ad a claim on him.There was an old story told onceo oat a man' who had a dream inwMch he saw the late esteemedRev. Dr. Scudder, looking' over thebattlements, and saying, "Heaven isa, nice place, but I'd like to go backto Blizaviile again." That's the waywith, George, in regard to Clintonville. He'd1 -rather be ttire than inLexington!One. of the troubles in Germany isthat 'they can no longer make their"mark', I ENJPMfBecause of Extra WearThere is no better judge of shoe wearand comfort than the policeman whois on his feet all day long. W.H. Berry,patrolman in Boston , Mass., says ofNeolin-soled shoes: My shoes withNeolin Solen serve me better than anyothers I have ever used. They keep myfeet dry at all times, and do not slip."When you buy new shoes, be surethey are Neolin-soled, end you, too, willknowa better service from shoes. Moreover, those ihoes arc a real economy because of th2 extra wear they give. Most00d shoe 3tores carry them in stylesfor men, vomen, and children.And don't throw away your old shoes.Have them re-soled with Neolin Soles.Remember these soles are flexible andwaterproof, as well as long wearing, andare made byThe GoodyearTire & Rubber Co. Akron, Ohio, who also makeWin&foot "Heels guaranteed to outwear all other heels.ffeolin SolesXttdeKark Hoc. U. S. Pat. OS.A tiny bottle of Freezone costsbut a few cents' at any drug store,but is sufficient to remove everyhard corn, soft corn, or corn betweenthe toes, and the calluses, withoutsoreness or" irritation.Freezone is the sensational discovery of a Cincinnati genius. It iswonderful.(adv)oLODftE NOTES.A team from Bluegrass CouncilNo. 672, K. of C., Lexington, willcome to Paris on May 4, to assist ininitiating a class of eighty candidatesin the new Council to be institutedhere on that date. The Council willbe known as No. 1955 until a localname is chosen for it. The first andsecond degrees will be administered.At the recent meeting of RathboneLodge, a large crowd was present towitness conferring of the First Rankon a class of eight candidates. Thosewho received their baptism intoPythia-nism were Allie Rowland, J.B. Peterson, W. W. White, CalvinWhalen, J. T. Pridemore, StanleyCase, Samuel Whalen and "James A."Medlin. The Second Rank will beconferred at the next meeting.The Newport Council, Knights' ofColumbus, is planning a trip to Parison Sunday, May 4, when a newCouncil will be organized in this city.The committee on arrangements isexpecting a large crowd from Campbell county to be in attendance.Extra preparations are being madefor those who will attend. The -newCouncil expects to start with a menimership of about one hundred.oANOTHER MOVE IN THE CITYLIGHTING MATTER.The electric lighting system ofthe city of Paris was not cut off Saturday night, as had been forecast asan action of the Paris Gas & ElectricCompany, in their controversy withthe city regarding the payment ofelectric light and current bills.Circuit Clerk Will H. Webb wascalled upon Friday by Mayor E. B.January, in anticipation of .such action on the part of the lighting company, and asked to issue aninjunction restraining the ParisGas & Electric Company or anyof its employes from cutting off orinterfering in any manner with the(street lights in the city of Paris,pending a final settlement of the controversy. The injunction or restraining order was granted.Bond in the sum of $5,000, withCatesby Spears, Jos. M. Hall and Dr.D. S. Henry as sureties, was executed by Mayor January. The case willcome up before Judge Robert L.Stout, in the Bourbon Circuit Court,at a date to be determined upon later.oWe notice that Mr. Cool has diedin Kentucky. We hope he has notgotten warmer since.oThe enormous death rate in Russia is helping to settle the foodquestion.I It M 4 M H-M 4 1 1 1 Mm"HHt!4ttHH 1 1YsiThe J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMMRSAmbulance calls promptly attended to with ouri Limousine invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.Mainand SixthStreetsParis Ky.Day phone 36INIKht : . . 56or Home 286Motor equipment.6Wfcaihaife.BHRjQKflZmmmm i. i,,.4,,i.s.s..,i.w,n..i..y.y.Ytii m f m j,JaH mw ' mwX" liaBW mmH K HaVi laVa laBvThe one thing youVe always wished a cigarettewould do SATISFY.Chesterfields-do it. They touch the "smokepot:" They let you know you're smoking. TheysatisfyYet, they are mild!That's some combination for a cigarette to putacross." 'But Chesterfields do it !It's the blend, a new blend cf pure Turkish andDomestic tobaccos and the blend can't be copied.Try Chesterfields today.mmw 4 aBaVaa a mwMmmmW a"aVaVr .mmlSl VWW "?mmtrmmwtWim wlXucMild? Suiel-andyet they"SatisftnChesterfieldfii C I GARETtE &JiQ$&& cIMPORTEDanDOMESTIC0' tobaccos Blended0t";:-m The extra wrapper of glassine v -' .;... ,.SiSmF paper keeps 'em FreshiS6ciSr . .v&mmWzi- &&t??--.& jgj&wBMMMiMMaaaaaaaaaaMiMaMiaMMMaMaMaaaaaaaaa6iiSViJ'Rfi'!frarAiaaMBWaPUPILS TAKING ACTIVE' INTEREST IN PARPENS.Great interest is heing taken hythe pupils of the Paris schools in theschool garden work, which will soonbe under way, as the weather givesevidence of remaining settled enoughfor the purpose. A supply of seedsufficient to keep 1,500 childrenousy m garden work has been received from the Agriculeural Bureau at Washington. It is the purpose of the schools to have everychild interested this year in gardenwork as a recreation, healthfulwork and as a means of producingrood stuff.Several teachers from the ParisCity School have been in .Lexingtonrecently visiting: the schools thereand acquainting themselves withthe school garden work as carried onby the Lexington pupils. Otherteachers will visit other schools thisweek and everything will be done tohave the best and most modernschool garden supervision for theParis City Schools. Prof. Matthews,Federal- Director of School Gardensfor Kentucky, will spend severaldays here this week. If you have anuncultivated garden, call the CitySchool, and let the children have theuse of the ground.oIs there anything tood good inKentucky for a worthy son whofought our battle in France?o "Why anybody should want to bePresident of Germany at this time isbeyond us.Daily Deliveries Are MadeByTRACTION EXPRESSKy. Traction & TerminalCo.LOSTOn Maysville nike. black andwhite cameo locket, with chain attached. Reward for return ofsameto this office. f25-2nNMASTER'S SALEOFTwo Double Houses.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Alma T. Adair, Etc PlaintiffsVs.Albert C. Adair, Etc. .. .DefendantsUnder and by virtue of a judgmentand order of sale rendered at theMarch term, -1919, in the abovestyled action therein pending, theundersigned Master Commissioner, onSATURDAY, MAY 3, 1919.at about the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.,at the front door of the Court House,in Paris, Kentucky, will sell at publicauction to the highest and best bidder, the following described property: ,Tvo double frame houses locatedon the corner of Fifteenth Street, inthe City of Paris, Kentucky, and described by metes and bounds, as follows: 1. Beginning on 15 th Street, corner to Lot No. 1, in Ingles Divisionto the ctfy of Paris, Ky., west ofHigh Street 50 feet from High streetand running thence with High Street50 feet to Lot No. 3, in said Division;thence parallel to High Street 150feet. to an alley; thence parallel with15th Street to an alley; 7890,yNzbn15th Street 50 feet to Lo No. 1 insaid division; thence in a line parallel to High Street 150 feet to thebeginning, being Lot No. 2 in saidAddition west of High Street.2. Beginning on the South side of15th Street and corner to High Streetextended and being Lot. No. 1 western division of Ingels Addition tothe City of Paris; thence in a westerly direction and-with 15th Street50 feet to the lot heretofore conveyed by Ingles to Stamler and by Stamler to the second party; thence withthe line of second party in a southerly direction 150 feet to an alley,corner to second party; thence in aneasterly direction ,and with said alley50 feet to High Street extended;thence in a northerly direction andwith said High Street extended 150feet to the beginning.Said sale will be made upon thecredits of six and twelve months, thepurchaser or purchasers being required to execute their two bonds forequal parts of the purchase pricethereof, with good surety to be approved by the Commissioner, due sixand twelve months from date of salerespectively, and bearing interest atthe rate of six per cent: per annumfrom date of sale until paid, andhaving the force and effect of judgments. O. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner of the BourbonCircuit Court.22-td)OLD MAN HARRISEditor of the Kentucky Oil Journalof Louisville, has made scores of hisreaders from $100 to $800 on ''insidetips" on oil and mining stocks tellswhat is good, buys, and what is badfree to" his subscribers only. Sample copy free. Map of Kentucky oilfields 16x25 inches wash drawingand a beauty free to agents whowill take subscriptions for me amongtheir friends. The Journal is 16pages, illustrated, now $2 per year,soon $5. 411-12 Inter SouthernBuilding, Louisville, Ky.(8apr-tf-T)Drs. Coover & WatsonVETERJTAEIANS,(Successors to Dr. H. M. Hamilton.)Both Phones 347.Office, Bourbon Garage.(15apr-lmo-pd)FOR SALE ATLAST!Anything In Your Eye? .Many people who come to us forexamination imagine there is someforeign substance in their eyes.It is hard to convince them,' sometimes, that these gritty, sandy,,scratching, irritating conditions aresymptoms and effects due to refractory errors which usually can be corrected by the wearing of properly fitted glasses. Let us take the "grit"out of your eyes.Dr. Wm. Riley FranklinSuite 205-6 First National Bak.Both Phones. Paris, Ky.The real estate firm of Thompson & Downs, at Taylorsvlile.Ky., have at last succeeded ingetting on their list for sale,among many others, one of thefinest farms in Kentucky, containing 350 acres 160 acres ingrass, 115 acres in wheat, thebest in the county and the balance has been in clover, and isnow being plowed, a great partof which has been plowed earlyThis land is in a high state ofcultivation. It has the finesthome in Nelson county, an eightroom residence, beside hall,porches, etc., all fitted up wttkelectric , lights, water works,bath, toilet; is furnace-heated,and is modern, in every respect.The place has a very fine cattlebarn with 120 individual stalls;lots of shed and loft room; hastwo large tile silos that willhold 330 tons; one of the finestcemented graineries in theState; an eight-acre tobacco ...barn, an extra good one; barnshave lights and water; threeextra good tenant houses, withall good outbuildings with eachr'l;good fencing all over the place; .'.good orchard an plenty of goodwater. Price right. Address,THOMPSON & DOWNSHeal Estate Agents,Taylorsville, Ky.(25-tf)& if1 '"- f$ -rv v . v .r .TUESDAY, APRIL 29, 1919.THE BOTTRBON JTEWS, PARIS, KESTtKXts1AGEMSsfmr Stop Wasting Soap jnWk Measure Out What Jwg You Weed JwCUPPING TELLS OP THE 801STPIONEER INFANTRY.Alonzo Jackson, colored, of Paris,a member of Company C, in the famous 801st Pioneer Infantry, whichmade a great record in Frnace, sendsa clipping from a French newspaper,published in English. Jackson asksits publication "in order that thepeople of Paris may know what thecolored soldiers did in France duringthe war.""The 801st Pioneer Infantry, oneof the best trained colored organizations in the A. E. F., was mobilizedat Camp Zachary Taylor, Louisville,Ky., during July and August, 1918,and placed under command of ColonelGeorge F. Hamilton, a man of twenty-nineyears' army experience. During these months this outfit was putthrough stiff training."September 1, 1918, the outfit leftfor Camp Merritt, N. J., arriving onthe fourth. It left Camp Merrit, Friday at four a. m., September sixth,boarded the Manchuria at four-thirtyp. m., the same afternoon, and setsail Sunday morning at eight-thirtya. m., September eighth."For thirteen days the 801st sawnothing but sky, water and the otherInspiration. (Incorporated)Authorized Capital $300,Par Value $1.00 Per ShareOFFICERS.James Tandy Eftfa, President. Adjutant General of Kentucky.A. F. Wheeler, Vice President- President A. F. Wheeler FurnitureCompany, Lexington and Paris, Ky.C. L. Hanks, Treasurer. Owner Special Shoe Company, Lexinoton. Ky.M. Don Forroan, Secretary. Attomey-at-Law, Lexington, Ky.714 Inter-Southern Bldg., Louisville, Ky.Phone Main 886.Our Properties.170 acres in Big Sinking district, Lee county, adjoiningWright Oil Co's production andNational Refining Oil Co.'e production on Flahaven tract; weare within 1,500 feet of 180-bbLwell and half-mile from Rear.properties. Rex stock has a market value of $230 par $10.Wright par value $1.00. Marketvalue $3.25.The management of ttis company is in the hands of men. who cannotafford to permit their names to be connected with other than ameritorious enterprise.We are offering a limited amount of stock at 80c per stare, subjectto prior sale. After fids allotment is sold, stock advances to par.Wire, Phone or Write for Reservations.Full Information on Request.jj$js' i' 'X 3 t"3,,s $ i! 'tsLIHEU NJ VER SAL AKRUGGLES16 Bank Row, Paris, Ky. Illi.v -; 41v - IIIJ convoy ships. On several occasionssubmarines were spied and fired at,but no damage was done to the convoy. "The 801st hiked up the long Brestroad hill on September 21, being billted in tents on. arrival at CampPonta-nezen. After two days of detailwork the second and third battalions,headquarters and supply companies,"box-carred" to Station de Clairveaux, Aube. It was a tiresome trip,taking two days and nights. Thecompanies were bilited in .neighboring towns varying from two to -fivemiles apart with regimental headquarters at Longchamp, Aube. Thefirst batallion was sent to ChateauThierry and assigned to the advancesector."From then until October 30, thebattalions were in hard fighting."October 30 the third battalion wasordered to Verdun and the secondbattalion, headquarters and supplycompanies sent to Montierchaume,where the second battalion continuedtraining."Then came the armistice. 'The801st went into mourning, said amember of the outfit, 'for after train-Ling so hard we lost all chance toshow the world what an efficientorganization we were.'"Detail duty followed for the 801stuntil November 30, when the outfitwas sent to Brest for embarkation.jAt Brest the 801st was put in theI permanent list because of its highaverage character."During its time of duty at Ponta-nezen the 801st won the .name of be-ling one of the best disciplined unitsJ in the camp and also won an honorflag for having the best kept area.I "The 801st has been relieved from'.permanent duty and is soon to sailfor the States."TONEY HAS QUIT GAMEFred Tony, former pitcher for theCincinnati and New York NationalLeague clubs, announced Wednesdaythat he had decided to retire frombase ball. Toney is now confined inthe Robertson county (Tennessee)jail, serving the last month of a fourmonths' sentence for violation of theMann act.Oil & Gas Co.2,176 acres fcx Bearer Creek district oC Knott county. Over 500acres are an absolute proven oiland. gas territory, adjoining properties of Midas Oil and the Pennagrade Oil & Gas Co., who have contracted to furnish t2ie city ot Louisvllle with gas from this district. "Wehave a market for gas at $80.0 permillion cubic feet at the well. Agas well is as profitable as an oilwell.i$$$ijii ii ii 'j " 'ijiFOOD FAMINE NOWFEAREDJHE SAYSHusband Worried Over Her Appetite,Since Using "Trutona,"Woman Avers.OWENSBORO, KY., April 28, 1919."My husband says he's afraid I'lleat him out of house and home, sincetaking Trutona," Mrs. Lucy Louminhauser, well-known Owensboro woman of 709 West Main street, saidrecently."I had the flu' last October," shecontinued. "It seemed that a chronic cold had settled in my side. Attimes, I ached all over. I wouldoften have to cry out with pain. Ididn't sleep well and always feltbadly of mornings. My appetite waspoor and I had become so weak Icouudn't raise my arm above myhead. My nerves were in terribleshape."One bottle of Trutona has actually straightened me up. The terrible body pains have disappeared nowand my nerves are steady again. Ican extend my arms at full length! and my hands still remain steady asa child's, and that's remarkable.I'm eating heartily and I'm gainingstrength, too. I'm truly grateful forthe relief Trutona gave me."Trutona, the perfect tonic, is especially beniicial for stomach, liverand kidney trouble, catarrhal complaints and the like. It is a fine reconstructive tonic following attacksof pneumonia, influenza, hard coldsand the like.Trutona is now being introducedand explained in Paris at the drugstore of G. S. Varden & Son.(adv)oMAEGAEET MATZENAUER COMING TO LEXINGTONOPERA HOTJSEIIt is a matter of general knowledge and universal admiration thatthough first engaged for contraltoroles only, such was the triumphscored by Margaret Matzenauer, whowill appear in concert at the Lexing-i;ton Opera House, Friday, May 9,that her hurried assumption of thesoprano role, Kundry, in "Parsifal"on New Year's day, 1912, that shehas since been identified with suchinterpretations of the soprano genre,at Brunhilde, Isolde, Kundry, Venus,and Pidelio as well as the contraltoand mezzo roles of Orpheus, Amneris,Brangeane, Ortrud, Deliah and Azucena, Madame Matzenauer's latestproof of vocal versatility was her recent appearances as Carmen whenshe stepped in at -a moment's noticeand gave a most artistic interpretaition. of the much-interpreted Spanish cigarette girl.Aside from the operatic stage,Madame Matzenauer has appeared asconcert artist in nearly every largecity of the country, and were it notfor the fact that her time is so fullyoccupied by opera, she would haveappeared in every one as an insistant demand for her services hasbeen created by her reputation asthe "geratest voice at the Metropolitan." The advanced mail order seat saleis now open. Mail orders reserved inorder received. Seats on sale tftheBen Ali Theatre box office beginningMay 5.oThe new community spirit is theChrist spirit service for others.oMost of us poor folks are moreable to give bond than, to buy them... 4SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Miss Nora Rourke has aj guestsMisses Marietta Farrell and StellaNewton, of Somerset.Mrs. Ernest Martin is a guest offriends and relatives in Harrodsburgand in Mercer county.Mrs. J. T. Martin has returnedfrom a visit to her daughter, Mrs. A.L. Berry, in Lexington.Mrs. Arch McCabe has returnedto her home in this city from a visitto her mother, in Livingston.Miss Ruth Lee has returnedfrom a visit to her grandparents, Mr.and Mrs. Lafe Dills, in Cynthiana.Mr. and Mrs. Woodford Houstonand Miss Mabel Arnold were recentguests of friends and relatives inWinchester.Mrs. Logan Howard and daughter, Susan, of Paris, were guests ofMr. and Mrs. Wm. Howard, Sr., inRichmond, Saturday and Sunday.Miss Ethel Scott, of Louisville,and Mrs. Mason G. Talbott, of Lexington, were recent guests of Mr. andMrs. Wm. McCray, at North Middletown. Miss Mary Stone, who has justreturned from overseas duty as nursewith the Barrow Hospital Unit No.40, is a guest at the home of Mr. andMrs. Thos. Taul, in this city.Miss Almeta Hinton, of Paris,who is attending Hamilton College,was a guest of Miss Bettie Perry, inRichmond, for the cotillon given bythe young society ladies of that citylast week.Mrs. William O'Fallon, of St.Louis, is a guest at the home of Mr.md Mrs. Volney Ferguson, nearParis. Mrs. O'Fallon, who was formerly Miss Cora South, will be dameof honor at the Ferguson-McKinleywedding.Messrs. Samuel and AndrewJones, of North Middletown, have returned from a prospecting tripthrough Oklahoma and Texas. Theywere not very well pleased withprospects in either State, and returned to old Kentucky to remain.(Other Personals on Page 5)PARIS BOY MAKING GOOD INENGLAND.In a recent edition of The London(Eng.) Times, a large portion of theeditorial page was devoted to thework of the Y. M. C. A. in England.Special emphasis was laid upon thesplendid work of Secretary Robert T.Hinton, formerly of this city, andmore recently of Georgetown.Mr. Hinton has been in ehai'ge ofthe Southern division of the Y. M.C. A. work in the United Kingdom,and has organized the recreationalwork of soldiers to such an extentthat championship games are beingplayed every week-end.AUTO COLLIDES WITH BUGGY.An auto driven by Mr. N. R.Scott, of the county, collided with ahuggy Friday at the corner of Pleasant and Sixth streets, doing considerable damage to both vehicles. Thebuggy was driven by a boy namedGay, who was badly frightened bythe collision, but was uninjured.The horse reared up and fell backon the hood of the machine, alsobreaking a shaft to the buggy. Theaccident was unavoidable, accordingto eye-witnesses.oCATARRH CANNOT BE CUREDWith local applications, as theycannot reach the seat of the disease.Catarrh is a local disease, greatly influenced by constitutional conditions,and in order to cure it you must takean internal remedy. Hall's CatarrhMedicine is taken internally and actsthrough the blood on the mucous surfaces of the system. Hall's CatarrhMedicine was prescribed by one ofthe best physicians in this countryfor years. It is composed of some ofthe best tonics known, combinedwith some of the bst blood purifiers.The perfect combination of the ingredients in Hall's Catarrh Medicine iswhat produces such wonderful results in catarrhal conditions. Sendfor testimonials, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Proprietors, Toledo, O.All druggists, 75 c.Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (adv-april)oBOYD COUNTY JAIL HRED BYPRISONERS.Lives of sixty inmates of the-Boydcounty jail, at Catlettsburg, wereendangered when fire partially destroyed the structure. The blazewas kindled by some of the prisoners,who thought they would be able toeffect their escape during the excitement. Among them were five mencharged with murder. The prisonerswere kept under a heavy guard during the fire, but some succeeded ingetting away.For Influenza!For influenza and after-effects,useK. U. Tablets. They build upyour nerves and stomach; rid theysiem of all- aches, pains and tiredfeelings. They restore vigor, andTim. They are fine for headacheand rheumatism. The contents of K.U. Tablets jare used by all of the heatphysicians of the country.Don't be without' them in yourhcpne. Once1 tried they are alwaysused. They are put up in 10c and25c boxes and are for sale by alldruggists and groceries.Distributed by the-K U. CHEMICAL CO..568 McClelland Building, -7feb-3mos)Lexington, Ky.Wolf, Wile & Co.LEXINGTON, KENTUCKYGirls' ApparelFor FestiveOccasionsOne must not lose sight of tha fact that young misswill also share in the festivities which will hold forthduring the "Little Season.' 'There will be parties, the matinees, or perhaps shewill resume her dancing lessons. Our Junior departmentalways ,criterions of fashion have assembled forthe young girl, 6 to 16 years of age, a collection of apparel for every occasion.. Youthful apparel, especially designed with due regard for becomingness, simplicity and refinement so important in correct attire for the young girl. ,,Crepe de Chine FrocksGeorgette FrocksNet FrocksCapesMillineryUnderwearWolf, Wile C& Co.LEXINGTON,Here's the big work, littlecost tractor the Titan -i .1 VTHE Titan 10-20 has been on the ,market foryears, and has made good without reservtioii., liI 10 horsepower at the draw bar 20 horsepower Vat the Belt. . &A well-balanced tractor that is suited to" all farmpower work. It drives easily, affords maximum putt- iing power for its weight, and is suited in every way to !,the general run of farm work. Not too large for tfafe ' Jsmall farm, yet large enough to handle a great volume'1 of work.Use it with an Oliver Plow'i We recommend that you use an Oliver plow withyour Titan tractor because it means the best plowingunder all conditions. The combined rolling coulter iand jointer buries all trash and weeds at the bottomof the furrow; the stop device maintains an even depthof furrow; the plow points enter and leave'' the groundfirst, making it possible to plow clear to tlie ends of thefield; and the trip rope control operates easily fromthe driver's seat on the tractor.We have a full line of Oliver plows as well as the.Titan tractor here at our salesroom.C. S. BALLsxaxsxaxsxar" - rvc .aM-JaMaWjaaaaMfc b j&aQaTJaaMJTT w?' aa B1 jGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 29i tarn Finn and Pleasant Stretts, Paris, Ky. ITaffeta Silk Frocks "Flowered Chiffon FrocksOrgandie Frocksand accessories.CoatsSweatersHosieryKENTUCKY'"5.-iGARAGEinrtoHtfV1X1HM I!l -!iii-I :i II H4 Il!XH.J3a iinJ 3ftL1 1iI3 iii'J3idaBwPAGE FOTTETHE BOTTBBON NEWS, PARIS, KEKtJJCKZCTUESDAY, APRIL 29, 1919.'mm i qui iiaiaixiiin nf tn1t .1( iuu5tIFOR RENT.House, stable, garden, and cow lot,on Cypress street. Immediate possession. (29-tf) DR. F. P. CAMPBELLr.Some time ago THE NEWS had alocal item referring to the strangefact that Dan Daley, watchman atthe Tenth street crossing of the L.& N., in this city, had his firstglimpse of Bourbon county's handsome court house, though he hadlived here all his life. Under thetianrl rf "Waavinpcc " fhp T.rmisvillAHas four rooms, hall, front andmtm.. flllie. ,, tua ;tOTY1 oHUm..back porches, storage room, water ajy.in kitchen, electric lights and gas. j ,.fjan Dal of PariS( Ky must.This is a desirable little home and be somewhat akin in mood to hiscentrally located. A bargain if sold'at. lameTlted namQSake who used toCottage For SaleLOUISVILLE TIMES HAS EDITORIAL ON 'PARIS MAN. .quick.(29-3t)Easy terms.D. Y. L.FARLEY.Foun4-Oil the streets of Paris, a gentle-jman's gold watch. Owner call on E.y. Ramey, 558 Vine street, prove""property and pay for advertisement.Lost Reward.pearls.turned toMRS. OSCAR T. HINTON.(29-2t).render in such unctuous style, 'Sameold story nothing new' in 'TheRounders,' even though he does spellhis name with an 'e.'"Mr. Dailey, of Paris, seeks nothing new, doesn't care for" it and willnot even look at it, though he isplaced within immediate juxtaposition. In testimony weherof we sub-imit this from a Paris newspaper:j " 'Increditable as it may seem, DanI Daley, who has been crossing watch-man at the Tenth street station ofj the Louisville & Nashville railroad inthis city for the past thirty-fiveyears, has never seen BourbonI rmiTitv's handsome nnnrt. house, a fewjLOSt, On the Streets Of Paris, a'hlno from where he is emnlovedCircle Pin, set with sapphires and Mr Daiey wh0 is a cripple, attendsicwdiu wm ue yam n its- strictly to his duties, and says whenj his day's work is done he feels moreI like going to bed than sightseeing.'"There is a side to Daley's lifewhich verges on the tragic. It isj the side that reflects a longing tosee the court house, even though it is!j. located a few blocks from his placeof business. It is a matter of nomoment to him how Bourbon countyacclaims this architectural monument, how pilgrims from adjacent, counties journey hither and gaze. upon the pile of stone and mortarI with open mouths, or how manytimes idle citizens of the town 're'gale strangers with: 'It's the finestcourt house in the South for acounty of this size.'1 "But Dan is tired. He goes tobed. He doesn't want to see 'sights.'j He is content to pillow his consci. ence on that good old maxim, 'Suffi-cient for the day is the evil thereof.'Others may revel in the beauties ofi the court house, but Morpheusclaims Dan just like melancholyI marked the swain in Gray's 'Elegy.'"Being tired 'dog-tired' is nothing uncommon even to an editor andthrough Dan's window we glimpse abit of visualized philosophy, born ofweariness, mayhap, but which mightbe helpful to lost of people who chafeover things of no great pith and moment and who are not keyed to thebreaking point over something whichmerely tickles the fancy of the garrulous -and the curious."RECENT COLD SNAP BROUGHTRUIN TO SOME CROPS.Sjurton JsI Confectionery Store."Successor to Adami & Santi.AGENT FOR M. D30LDMANUEL, COUNSELOR,AND SONADA CIGARSAdami's Famous Recipe forIJ! making delicious Ice Cream,Soda Water and MixedDrinks still used.Bulk Ice Creamttt(Made from Pure -Cream)I delivered for home use.Vjjjj Fancy Ices for PartiesHIGH CLASS BOXCANDIES.IFr the BEST, See Us,FRANK BURTONXWBLKi::mFor RentMy residence of eight rooms, fur.nislied, at No. 262 Second street,Possession will be given on May 10.Call Cumberland phone 370.(It) MRS. J. M. RION.MMMIMMMtlfflfflffflTHEOLee-KentOil Co.Well-posted Bourbon county farmers state that as a result of the recentcold spell, when the mercury tumbled to below freezing, considerabledamage has been been done to somecrops in this county, especially thewheat, and the small fruits that hadbeen getting a good start. Muchconcern is felt over the condition ofthe wheat crop. There had been asteady growth of the cereal and theyoung shoots had begun jointing,with the result that a freeze at thattime will prove very injurious, tending to produce heavy straw and little grain. The same is said to betrue of the bluegrass, a freeze producing a light crop.Potatoes are reported as havingbeen killed, and the oats crop is alsosaid to have sustained considerabledamage. Grapes were largely blighted. Green gage plums as large aspeas were frozen, while peaches andpears are reported as having beenbadly frosted. The strawberryplants are blackened by the heavyfrosts and many of the early fruitsare destroyed beyond possible hope ofredemption. Planters of early vegetables are facing a total loss, accordinf to Mr. H. H. Hillenmeyer, of Lexington, a man whose word in this respect cannot be disputed. The tomato plants in beds were completelyknocked out. Tobacco plants sustained comparatively little damage,having been well advanced. Some'corn had been planted before the advent of the cold weather, but theground is so cold that the seed willrot and the crop will have to beplanted over again. The damage tothe wheat, grass and seed crops,vegetables and fruits, it is said, willmount up into the thousands.WOOL WANTED.Will pay highest market price.Call, get sacks and twine. Sacks furnished free.E. B. HUTCHCRAIT & CO.(22-5t)oDON'T WAIT BUY NOW TOBACCO STICKS.Buy tobacco sticks now and youwill get better quality and just aslow, or lower, prices than you willget later. At this season of the yearwe buy only from mills making extragood quality sticks; later when therush comes we have to take what wecan get. Anticipate your -needs,haul them now and get them sharpened on rainy days and at othertimes when your men have a fewhours between jobs. Our stock isexcellent quality and practically 100per cent. good.It don't pay to put off doing anything. The man who succeeds is thelive wire always ahead with hiswork. Anticipate your needs nowand make your contracts. Materialshave already advanced some and theindications are that they will gohigher.We deliver anywhere at reasonable prices.z BOURBON LUMBER COv,M. Peale Collier, Manager.Yards Corner Main and FourteenthStreets, Paris, Ky.Both Phones 122. (tf)oANOTHER BIG ONE.IzdIncorporatediCapital Stock $500,000Par Value $1.00Win. ft. Blftktmore, Prtt .Or. J. M. Williams, V. Pres.let F. Spears, 2nd V Pres.W. C. Ml, Treat.Blair A. Varden, Sec.C. P. IVf ann, Sales Mr.rtw.a.-The right investment at the righttime, in the right oil companymay be the means of you becoming rich. , tThe Lee-Kent0UCompanyiffi iis here to stay and we advise youto buy stock today at40c perH.. vShareii u1Ai itA limited amount bf stock will besold at this price. . Our holdingsin Lee, Owsley and Estill counties are all in proven territory andyour dollars will be invested inan oil company that will1 ge't theoiL u , ,Some time ago John J. (Kitty)McCarthy caught a five-pound bassin Stoner Creek. So far this standsas the record catch for a Bourboncounty fisherman in a local stream.The record catch was almost equalledlast week when James Douglass, Jr.,caught a bigtmouth bass in Stonerwhich tipped the scales at fourpounds and four ounces.Even .during the recent colddays the fishermen patiently pliedtheir art in angling for the finnytribe, with more br less success.The spring season for the sport findsits devotees ready and willing.B-4 PI REInsure withW.O. HINTON &SON,Agts0NORFOLK.' VA.. NEWSPAPERPLANT ITRE-WRECKED.Fire at Forfolk, Va., wrecked thejbuilding occupied by the NorfolkLedger-Dispatch, sweeping that partof the structure occupied by thebusiness departments of the newspaper and the Railway Administration ticket office. The mechanicalequipment of the paper, housed in afireproof annex in the rear, escapeddamage. The loss is estimated at$200,000.oFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanoCONFEDERATE MEMORIAL BAYOBSERVED IN THE SOUTH.Confederate Memorial Day was celebrated Saturday generally throughout the Southern States with patriotic meetings, parades and decoration of the graves of soldiers whowore the gray. In many communities the day also was made the occasion for special drives in the VictoryLoan campaign.The day was a legal f holiday inFlorida, Georgia, Alabama and Mississippi.. -. . FALSE FERE ALARM.An alarm from Box 32 Sunday afternoon called the fire department toFourteenth arid Main. No fire, wasdiscovered in the vicinity.' Somemischevious person pulled the box,causing- the false alarmroCARNIVAL COMPANY PASSESTHROUGH PARIS.The Rubin-Cherry Carnival: Company, one of the really first-class' attractions of its kind, which exhibitedin Paris some months ago, passedjthrough here Sunday en route toMaysville, .where they will fill aBiur' ' mmtiMTHE PARBOEENOIL COMPANY(INCORPORATED)Paris, KentuckyJAMES CALDWELLPresident:CLARENCE K, TJIOIVIASTreasurerDR; J M. WILLIAMSVice PresidentOSCAR T. HINTONt SecretaryCAPT. WM. COLLINSField ManagerAPTER THE PRESENT ISSUE OF A LIMITED AMOUNTOF STOCK IS SOLD AT FIFTY CENTS, THERE WILL BE NO.MORE STOCK SOLD FOR LESS THAN $1.00 .THE COMPANYRESERVES THE RIGHT TO WITHDRAW THE 50-CENT ISSUEAT ANY TIME . IF YOU DESIRE PARB0KEN AT FIFTY CENTSFILL OUT THE BLANK BELOW AT ONCE. ENCLOSE YOTTR.ONCE,CHECK AND MAIL BOTH TO MR. CLARENCE ' K. THOMAS,URER.TREAS-PARBOKEN IS THE BEST OIL STOCK BUY ON THE MARKET.Stock Subscription .Parboken Oil Company(Incorporated) . 'Paris, KentuckyI hereby subscribe for shares of the capital stock to be issued by the PAR-BOKEN OIL CO., at the price of 50 cents per share, fully paid and non-assessable. Thetotal amount hereby subscribed being $ which amount is tendered herewith in fullpayment of this subscription.Dated this day of 1919.Signed -AddressChecks payable to C. K. Thomas, Treasurer, must accompany this subscription.rcrwtwvwHeadquarters TorMen's and Toung Men's ClothesStyles, Values, Fabrics !Every Man Gets the Best of TheseWhen He Buys Here.hi f- r-r-a -j -Styles ,We have selected styles for this season that weknow men and young men will appreciate. Youngmen will admire our many snappy models, includingthe new seamtat the waist lihe,-' in single ano doublebreasted effects. Men will appreciate our more conservative models, because of being stylish, yet neat inappearance. ' tFabricsWe select only fabrics that will tailor welf in thestyles we buy. You will find .good all' wool' fabricshere that are sure, to wear well; Plain blues, greens,greys and browns are leading colors, while the newfancy patterns are shown' in abundance.Values. -Values that's the main thipg you want in buyingclothes, and that's the .main, tKiiig.'w give you whenyou buy here. Every suit in' this store is the bestvalue you can buy for .the money; v.'. '"J .r-iiMen's and Young Men's$i5(i 40 $45.00iffW'LIT-fnitCIoik(I !RWALSH' 5 .9 ''":';: .irk) f7th and MainiOne-Price StorejiParis,lKy.iJ&jiJtweek's engagement.t ' sTUESDAY, APRIL 29, 1919.vTHE BOUEBOfl HEWS; ?mS -mai'lKSPAGE Hfl "fsocial Aim personal:XEK;KFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEWOOL WANTEDWill pay highest marketprice. Sacks furnished free.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(aprl8-tf). oEEED FOR CHICKENS PEED FOEBIG AND TITTLE.We have both coarse and finechicken feed, for big and littleclicks.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.-oAPPELLATE 'COURT DECISIONIn the Court of Appeals at Frankfort, Friday, in the case of P. J.Millett's Executors vs. the Commonwealth a joint statement and motionto advance for hearing was made byattorneys representing the parties tothe suit.PAEISIANS "UP IN ALE."Miss Kate Alexander, of Paris,and Mr. Wayne Cottingliam, formerParis boy, now on the reportorialstaff of the Lexington Leader, weretwo of the passengers taken up bythe aviators in the flights made atLexington last week.Mr. Cottingham wrote a highlygraphic and interesting story of histrip for the Leader, in which he detailed his impressions of wThat it isto be "up in the air." His "piece"wound up with a fervid vote ofthanks upon being permitted to regain terra firma in full possession ofall his mental and physical faculties. CHILDREN'S BLACK STEAWSNobby, serviceable, and stylish,1.50, 2 and 2.50.J. W. DAVIS & CO.oOUE STOCK OF INCUBATOES ATEEDUCED PEICES.We will sell all the incubators ,wehave on hand at a reduced price.All kinds of fence.(It) FARMERS' SUPPLY CO.EED CEOSS NOTES.The sewing rooms will be openonly one day this week, as Tuesdayand Wednesday belong to the fiftyweek and have not been given toany organization.Thursday being the 1st of Maywill be taken care of by the Methodist ladies, and an. all-day sewingis planned.The chairman earnestly begs all ofthe women who have taken, garmentshome to finish, to return them to thesewing room at their earliest possible convenience. The garments mustbe packed and shipped before the 15of May. If you find it impossible tofinish the number you took out thechairman begs you to return themat once, so that they can be finishedup in the work rooms.Please bear this in mind all garments must be packed by May 10.o'TROPHY TEAIN PAYS- PAEES AVISIT.The War Trophy Train, sent outunder the auspices of the VictoryLiberty Loan Committee, to stimulateinterest in the campaign, arrived inParis at 5:45 Saturday afternoon,and was parked on a side track.The train was open for the inspection of the public from 7:00 until11:00, during which time it was yisited by hundreds of people from thecity and county. The exhibit comprised a large variety of death-dealinginstruments used in the greatworld-war, and was ."superior to thedisplay brought -here on the firsttrophy train' .Short addresses were made byspeakers accompanying the train,who' explained the Liberty Loanplaiv and 'by Government officials,who -explained the. uses of the variouswar instruments. '-tfEEFBIGEEATOES, lAWff MOWERS PAQTCS-VARNISHES.We will save you money on refrigerators and lawn, mowers. Allkinds of paints and varnishes.(It) FARMERS' .SUPPLY CO.WOOL WANTED.We pay market price for yourwool. Sacks ready. We receivewool at both our North Middle-frskufn Mrl Parle uarhniicc.wn -..- - 7"-"--(apr22:tf)THE BOUEBON NEWS AS AN ADVERTISING MEDIUM.THE NEWS has 'always tried to,press home to merchants the valueof consistent and judicious advertising and especially the value ofTHE NEWS asan , advertising medium. Here is an instance inpro'ofof the assertion, that THE NEWS iswidely-read. The' letter below explains itself: - '"Parkersb'urgi .W Va."'AferiL 24, 1919. '"Mr. Oscar Hintpri, Secretary Par--boken.Oil & Gas fr., Paris, Ky."Dear Sir: Inclosed find P. O. order No. 297.C22, for one nundreddollars for which please furnish mewith, two huadred -shares stock" 1nyour company, as per your ad inTHE BOURBON NEWS, of whichmy landlady, a Paris lady, is a subscriber. If necessary I can calL on"you in person, and if application forthis- stock is too late reaching you,the P. O. order can be returned tome. I have had some experience inOhio andWet Virginia territory,Hoping-for U. favorable reply, I remainj' '-'Yours- Itespectf ully, " r"J. C. FREDERICK." .'omings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mrs. J. W. Bacon is visiting hermother, Mrs. Henry W. Behrman, inNewport.Mr. John Roseberry has returned from a stay of two weeks at Martinsville, Ind.Mrs. Nathan H. Bayless is aguest of her aunt, Mrs. Mary Frazier, in Louisville.-Dr- M. W. Brown, of Cincinnati,spent the week-end with his fatherDr. J. T. Brown.Mrs. S. E. McClanahan has retrned from a visit tn ait to, -. . w w w. Will, x Xltis, in Flemingsburg.Judge H. Clay Howard has returned from an. extended businesstrip to New York City.." Mr- Joha M. Sturgeon, of LakeCity, is a enest nf hi rn tviv t ttSturgeon, and Mrs. Sturgeon, at their""" un iuncan avenue.Mrs. Harry Simon left Sundaynight for New York, to spend several days on a business mission forthe Simon store in this city.Mr. and Mrs. Henry Fuhrmanhave as guests at their home onHigh street, Mrs. Claude E. Leberand son, Henry Leber, of Baltimore,Md.Mrs. James J. Curie has returned to her home in Cynthiana after avisit to her sister, Mrs. J. O Marshall, and Mr. Marshall, on Secondstreet.Miss Marian Barnett, of Hamilton 'College, was a week-end guestin Paris of her schoolmate, Miss Mildred Collins.Mr. and Mrs. G. C. Thompson,Mr. W. H. McMillan, Miss SallieLockhart and Miss Mary Clay havereturned from their winter's stav inFlorida. JMrs. Powell Boswarth and twolittle daughters have returned totheir home in Lexington after a visitto her mother, Mrs. Virginia Griffith,on Pleasant street, in this city.Mr. Wayne Cottingham, of theLexington Leader, and Mr. C. Landen Templin, of State "University.spent the day in Paris, Sunday asguests of mends and relatives.Mrs. Keith Phillips and babyson, Marion Keith Philips, of Atlanta, Georgia, are guests at thehome of her parents, Mr. and Mrs.James Douglass, of Main street.Miss Mabel Templin has returned to her studies at the CincinnatiConservatory of Music, after spending several days in Paris with herparents, Mr. and Mrs. T. T. Templin.Mrs. John Wells, of North Middletown, who has been patient at theMassie Memorial Hospital, in thiscity, where she underwent a surgicaloperation, has returned to her home.Mrs. Wayne Lafferty, who hasbeen a student at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, for several days, is convalescent, and willbe able to leave the institution thisweek.Miss Emma Wuppperman, ofSaint Petersburg, Florida, and MissesCarrie and Sallie Alexander, of Louisville, are guests ofMrs. James H.Thompson, at Woodlawn Villa, hercountry home.Mr. L .D. Harris, who had hisright leg broken in a fall at theGrand Opera House sometime ago,continues to improve. Mr. Harris'many friends will be be glad to knowthat he will be able to be out soon.He says "the rest cure" is all right,but he prefers to be up and doing.The Tampa, Florida, correspondence in the Sunday Courierjournal has the following socialnotes of Paris people: "Miss MaryClay left Eustis this week for herhome in Paris, Ky Sergt. DonB. Scott, of Paris, Ky.; is visiting hisperents, Mr. and Mrs. D. B. Scott,at their home in Eustis. Sergt.Scott was in the last big fight priorto the signing of the armistice, being in the field artillery."The event of the week in socialcircles will be the cotillon to be givenat the Masonic Temple to-night inhonor of the bride-elect, Miss Martha Ferguson,. by m the Bourbon Cotillon Club. .The' grand march willbegin promptly at 8:30 p. m., led byMr. Charlton Clay and Miss .MarthaFerguson. Acceptances received indicate the presence to-night 'of a'large number of society people ff amsurrounding towns and counties.A subscription dance will begiven in the Phoenix Hotel, at liexington, next Friday evening, by anumber of society young women. Thehours will be from tone to oneo'clock. Music for the dancers willhfi furnished bv a noPUlar saxa-phone orchestra. The committee forthe dance are Misses Genevieve Molloy;, Evelyn "VanMeter, Frances 'Milward. Virginia Schanufer, - NeidaRas'co, Catherine Forman, JaneBrooker, Mrs. Leon Abbett, Mrs. Jos.C. DeLong, Mrs. Frazier Lebus, Mrs.'William Estill Moore" and Mrs. .Jas,W. Thompson, the latter .of Paris. ..' Mrs. Nellie Stoker Highland entertained informally with "bridge' inher apartments-at the Windsor; Hotel,Saturday afternoon, in honor ofMrs. Lynn Moore, of Detroit, Mlfeh.,who is visiting her mother, Mrs. S.M. Wilmoth, and family, on Highstreet. Three tables of players indulged in bridge from two until' six.A delightful luncheon was served.The guest prize, a handsome laven--der satin box ot noiiaaays cnocoiaieswas awarded to Mrs. r Moore-, Theprize for the highest scorjj, ."ajiwof Holaday's candy, was awafda f Mrc .Tames Curie. ofCynthiana. The booby prize, a pairof black silk hose, was drawn for bythe guesls, Mrs. Lynn Moore beingthP winner. The guests who enjoyedthe hospitality- of the afternoonwere- Mrs. Lynn Moore, .uunurguest of Detroit, Mich.; Mrs. GeorgeW Stuart, Mrs. Eddie Spears Hinton Mrs. Charles May, Mrs. J. O.Marshall, Mrs. Harry Mathers, Mrs.Laura Wiggins, Mrs. James J, Curie,Mrs. Robert GogginMrs. Leach, Mrs.JoHnson, Mrs. Mary Snell aiid Mrs.R. H. Wills. 'COther 'Personal on Page 3.)SOCIAL EVENTS OF WEEKMrs. W. G. McClintock was hostto two lovely parties last week. Thefirst, a luncheon-bridge, on Thursday. The home was lovely in its decorations of fragrant spring flowers andthe host was assisted by severalcharming matrons and the onlydaughter of the home, Miss ValletteMcClintock.The guests for Thursday were:Mesdames J. W. Bacon, Fay Ardery,Dennis Dundon, Calvert Meng, Thos.Allen, Lawrence Price, James Curie,J. T. Vansant, Walter Kenney, Powell Bosworth, J. T. Tadlock, CharlesMay, Mary Snell, John Bower, Wm.Griffin, O. L. Davis, Amanda Duke,Ed. 'Tucker, Brinch Meinertz, JamesDodge, James Woodford, Robert Goggin, Carlie Wilmoth, Lynn Moore,Lida Conway, Callie Nichols, F. M.Clay, E. M. Dickson, Durand Whipple, William Shire', Harry Mathers,J. O. Marshall, Jesse Alverson, W. W.Judy, Roy Clendenin, Sam Harding,William Wornall, O. T. Hinton, Duncan Bell, George W. Stuart, JohnLair and Robt. Meteer. xOn Friday afternoon Mrs. McClintock gave a lovely afternoon reception to about seventy-five friends.Those who assisted in entertainingwere: Mesdames -John Woodford, W.L. Bedford, Bruce Smith, Peale Collier and John Mattox.Delicious individual ices and cakeswere served.Misses Vallette McClintock andMiss Louise Connell served punch ata beautifully appointed table. ,Miss Caroline Roseberry and Mrs.Hiram Montgomery Roseberry werecharming hosts to one of the loveliestparties given in honor of Miss MarthaFerguson, whose wedding will be anevent of Wednesday.The Colonial home was decoratedin growing plants and baskets oflovely spring flowers.The guests were members of thewedding party and most intimatefriends of Miss Ferguson.The honor guest prize was abreakfast set of most exquisite embroidery and linen.Mrs. W. B. Ardery won the firstprize, a silver twine-holder, and Mrs.Edward Spears won the consolationprize, two silver pencils.A delicious salad course and individual ices and cakes was served tosix tables of players.Mrs. Brinch Meinertz, who is acharming young matron of only oneshort year, was host to her firstentertainment on Tuesday afternoon.Her home in the country is very attractive, is surrounded by a perfectfairyland of j lovely flowers anashrubs, was never more attractivethan on this occasion.The color scheme was yellow andwhite, and was artistically caiTiedJjout in the decorations, reiresnmenxsand confections.Mrs. Meinertz and her mother, Mrs.H. M. Collins, both wore lovely afternoon gowns, received the guests andwere assisted in entertaining by Mrs.J. W. Bacon, 'Mrs. W. Ed. Tucker,Mrs. Harry Collins, Miss ElizabethSteele and Miss Rachel Wiggins, Mrs.C. A. Daugherty and Miss ClaraBacon.The guests spent a most delightfulhour over the tea cuds and about onehundred guests called during thehours.Mr. and Mrs. Joseph M. Hall entertained with a luncheon at thePhoenix Hotel yesterday, followed bya party to the races in honor of Dr.McKinlay and Miss Martha Ferguson,and the members of their weddingparty and a few house guests whohave arrived for the wedding, whichwill be a brilliant event of Wednesday evening. Mr. and Mrs. Hall'sguests were: Dr. McKinlay, Mr.Harry McKinlay, Miss Nellie McKinlay, Mrs. Barber, Mrs. Mary McKinley, of Englewood, N. J., Mr.Charlton Clay, Mr. and Mrs. Robertw TTAreniRnn. Mr. and Mrs. James W.Thompson and Mrs. Wm. .G. O'Fal-lon, of St. Louis, mo. ,'. 'Last evening Mr. Hugh Fergusonand Miss Martha Ferguson gave an"after-rehearsal" supper to Dr. McKinlay and Miss Martha 'Ferguson, attheir handsome country, home on theHume and Bedford road. The guestsincluded the bridalparty; Dr: McKinlay, Miss Martha Ferguson, Mr. andMrs. Jas. W. Thompson, Mrs. WilliamG. O'Fallon, of St Louis, Mr. HarryMcKinlay and Miss Nellie McKinlay,df Englewood, N. J., and Mr. Charlton Clay.-7 ?' Miss Elizabeth Steele gave a motor iMrtv qtij Tkipnip. in nch to Shaker-.town in compliment to Miss Martha jFerguson ana me mem u era uj. uciwedding party. It is an ideal tripover .the Dixie Hignway, wnicu crudes the Kentucky River and followsits beautiful course for miles beforereaching' the quaint old village ofShaker town, when a picnic supperwas served to the following guests:Miss Martha Ferguson, Dr. Wm. McKinlay, Miss Helen TVIcKinlayv -Mr.Withers Davis, Mrs. wiinam v.O'Fallon, Mr. Charlton Clay, MissMary Foster, Mr. Hugh Ferguson,Mr. and Mrs.Ro"bert Ferguson, andMrs. J. S. Roberts..:. VMrs. JameB W. Thompson gave a.buffet supper .Sunday . evening inhonor, of MissJVIartha Ferguson, whowill become the bride Qf. Dr. CharlesMiles McKinlay on Wednesday even-inS- ' . . ,,,.' .The host is a charming young urmnf iir o fAw' months, who by hersweetness and charm of manner, haswon a host of frienas ana is uue uithe: most popular of the young matrons, is always a most gracious hostand on this occasion was very lovelyin dainty afternoon gown. rA delicious supper was served tothe following guests: Misses MarthaFerguson, Elizabeth Steele, MaryFoster, (Covington), Margaret Ferguson, Helen .McKinlay, Englewood,N J., Mrs. William G. O'Fallon, St.(Continued on Page 8)SpringMillinerySpecials This WeekA host of new arrivals in every shape and color are gathered together for "Hat Week" an unusually attractive collection at very moderate prices.Leghorns and MilansSoft Rough StrawsLovely Transparent Models 'Sport HatsChildren's HatsIIISMART TURBANSJest the thing for a windy day are these trim, stylish, closefitting hats in the various suit shades.All Prices From $5.00 to $15.00HARRY SIMON224-228 West Main St., Lexington, Ky:Main Street, Paris, KyIII!IK!i aljlilRiGtiAwill be likeOurAutomatic RefrigeratorsThese are the only refrigerators made with thewater bottle attachment. .They are also, we firmly believe, the best refrigerator rriade 'They Cost More Because They're Worth It!THE J.T. HINTOJV CO.EITHERPHONE 3t PARIS, KENTUCKY SIXTH AND MAINMotor Hearse Motor Invalid Coach Undertakingm&Amssmm1'2 .(Jl !Tr'?tc" . v V-AT- VMil?x some ofour ovetyNew Rugsorv yourfloors.yf i Bmml rajijyiil II wMrs. HomeloVer:--- .-Coming to our store and seeingtakina a trb to the Orient.patterns will please you;PRICES.And when you have bought those rugs you tneed, look also at our FURNITURE right up to ,the minute in style and strongly made,IMour rich rugs..so will our--".'?! ;lIMrjM;iV.fc iuit.i f-II!it;?HvK.- tMc:;f , . - ,. -TUESDAY, APRIL 29," 1919. :LCfiffEjnxTHE BOURBON HEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY-:i! i1 IiPfmm!E iI!ttiiIITOKEEP WELLATeaspoonfulofPERUNAThree Times a DayiI 1 1 1 I I iMt' rtl'WWWla.iUkn ""'"Has Never Been DownSick Since TakingPERUNARead this letter from Mr. Robt.JYlinnick, Grass Range, Montana."In 1900 I was out in Kansasrunning a threshing engine andthe threshing- crew had to sleepout of doors. One of the crewbrought a Peruna Almanac tothe engine one day and I "wasfeeling very III from sleepingont. I decided to gi-ve Peruna atrial and sent for a bottle of Peruna and a box of Peruna Tablets, which straightened me outin a hurry."I have never been down sicksince that time. I do not takeany other medicines except Peruna. I always keep it on hand.If I get my feet wet, get a cold,feel chillv. or a little bad, I al-1 ways take Peruna. People shouldnot wait until they are aownsick and then take it, but shouldkeep it on- hand like I do andwhen they feel bad, they shoulduse it.'Recommended for Catarrhalinflammation of every description.SPUING RACING DATES AT KENTUCKY TRACKS.We are frequently asked when theracing season opens in Kentucky,how many days have been assignedfor each meet, and the dates forthe same. Here is the official "dope"which those interested in the information should cut out for reference:Lexington opens the ball. Thefirst meeting, to be held under theauspices of the recently created Kentucky Jockey Club, is scheduled tobegin at the Kentucky Association inLexington, on Thursday, April 24,the day set for the opening of Lexington's thirteen-day spring racemeeting.LEXINGTON Thursday, April24 Thursday, May 8 13 days.CHURCHILL DOWNS Saturday,May 10 Saturday, May 31.LATONIA Wednesday, June 419 days Saturday, July 5 28 days.Over $600,000 in Stakes andPurses.AN APPEAL TO PATRIOTISMTHE NEWSPAPERS,An appeal to the patriotism of allboys in Kentucky, whether livingon farms or in cities and towns, between 16 and 21, to help tend andharvest farm crops during theirschool vacation is being made by theUnited States Department of uaborthrough the U. S. Boys' Working Reserve, a very active orancn or tneGovernment's organization in theState. By joining the Reserve, boysnow living or working on the farmsagree to do their level best in producing a big crop. City and townboys agree to work on farms, the location and conditions sub.iect to theapproval of their parents or guardi-1 badge,ans at wages agreed upon betweenthe farmer and the boy. Signing theenrollment card does not obligate theboy to any military or civil servicewhatsoever. His action is entirelyvoluntary and only with his parents'approval.-Immediately upon signing the enrollment card, the boy is given ahandsome Certificate of Enrollmentbearing the name of the National Director and a nobby enrollment button. He is also given the privilegeof wearing the official' uniform whichhe must buy and which is for saleby leading clothiers in all points inthe State. Rewards for service are:For 36 days' work, a small bronzefor 55 days' work, a largebadge, for 75 days' work the Honorable Service Bar. The boy whoworks 55 days receives both badges,and the boy who works 75 days receives botli badges and the bar.These awards are made by the United States Government through theDepartment of Labor at Washington.Boys living on farms and in townswhere there are enrolling officersmay write to George E. Stephens,Executive State Director, 345 Y. M.C. A. Building, Louisville, Ky., forenrollment cards.DO YOTJ SLEEP WELL?An exchange has a head line, "Howa Man Picks a Wife" he doesn't,she picks him.To be at his best a man must havesound, refreshing sleep. When wakeful and restless at night he is in nocondition for work or business duringthe day. Wakefulness is often causedby indigestion and constipation, andis quickly relieved by Chamberlain'sTablets. Try a dose of these tabletsand see how much better you feelwith a clear head and, good digestion.(adv-april)This is the last fishing in Kentucky when the fish bait can be carried in a jug.in-i3gS4"The newspaper is to-day the mostpotent element in civilization. Itsaudience is practically unlimited. Itreaches every class of people. Itpenetrates to every hut and hovel onthe farthest confines of human society. The schools have an influenceand gather the children of the highand low. But after schools are outgrown, teachers forgotten, and booksmouldy and dusty, the newspaper isstill a constant companion.No public speaker, be he preacheror political orator, can draw an audience of one-tenth that whichgreets the average -newspaper of today, and thus the tone of the pressbecomes a matter of vital importanceto the welfare of the community.The influence is widespread and isalso lasting. Therefore, we say,study the contents of the paper youare taking and if it contains thatwhich tends to lower the scale ofmorality and humanity and not tothe elevation of that which is goodand right, -better off are you by farwithout it.CLEANSES YOUR HAIRMAKES IT BEAUTIFUL,THICK, GLOSSY, WAVYTry This! All Dandruff Disappearsand Hair Stops Coming Out.Surely try a "Danderine HairCleanse" if you wish to immediatelydouble the beauty of your hair. Justmoisten a cloth with Danderine anddraw it carefully through your hair,taking one small strand at a time;this will cleanse the hair of dust,dirt or any excessive oil in a fe,wminutes you will be amazed. Yourhair will be wavy, fluffy and abundant and possess an incomparable softness, lustre and luxuriance.Besides beautifying the hair, oneapplication of Danderine dissolvesevery particle or aanaruii; invigorates the scalp, stopping itching andfalling hair.Danderine is to the hair whatfresh showers of rain and sunshineare to vegetation. It goes right tothe roots, invigorates and strenthens them. Its exhilarating, stimulating and life-producing propertiescause the hair to grow long, strongand beautiful.You can surely have pretty, soft,lustrous hair, and lots of it, if youwill spend a few cents for a smallbottle of Knowlton's Danderine atany drug store or toilet counter andtry it as directed.(adv)GRANDOpera i DayHouse OnlyMONDAYMatineeand NightMAY 5STOIMING'UP THE EVIDENCE.Hany Paris "People Have Been CalledAs Witnesses.You had better keep them on until after dogwood winter, which isdue some time next week.FOR BILIOUS TROUBLESWeek after week has been published the testimony of Paris peoplekidney sufferers backache victimspeople who have endured manyforms of kidney, bladder or urinarydisorders. These witnesses have usedDoan's Kidney Pills. All have giventheir enthusiastic approval. It's thesame everywhere. 50,000 Americanmen and women are publicly recommending Doan's always in the homepapers. Isn't it a wonderful, convincing mass of proof? If you are asufferer your verdict must be "TryDoan's first."Here's one more Paris case.Wm. W. Dudley, 1729 Cypress St.,says: "Some years ago I found itnecessary to use a kidney remedy andas I had read about Doan's KidneyPills, I used them. They proved tobe satisfactory and permanently ridme of the complaint. I have goodreason to recommend Doan's KidneyPills and advise their use to anyonetroubled with a weak and lame backor irregular passages of the kidneysecre tions. ' 'Price '60c, at all dealers. Don'tSimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Dudley had. Poster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.Cadv)To promote a healthy action of theliver and correct the disorders caused by biliousness, Chamberlain'sTablets are excellent. Try them andsee .how quickly they give you a relish for your food and banish thatdull and stupied feeling.(adv-april)mis '- W. SHBhwsi fi HI it mPmm.a I f nm WmkwMW Em.Ir ' x" ii - x' ' -w '?ixHm 9am mSmMiamrl I-"-. -' m -'&;- 'mM$m WkwWFmmm&mlmmmmmw smM?ifiSmwErPERFORMANCES START AT 2:10 AND 8:10 P. M.The Most Astounding Production of All TimeD. W. GRIFFITH'SSUPREME PRODUCTIONHearts?,' WorldLILIIAN" GI1L ROBEKPA romance of the crreat war. Eiehteen monthsFilmed on the battlefields of France, under the auspicesand French governments.1,000,000 Fighting Men; 50,000 HorsesMILES OF ARTILLERY, FLEETS OF AIRPLANES, HUNDREDS OF GIANT, TANKS, ALL IN ACTIONIf you don't see "Hearts of the World" you will miss the greatestachievement brought forth in the entire history of drama.BETTER THAN "THE BIRTH QF A NATION"A Large Symphony Orchestra will Perform a Brilliant Score at Each Performance.PRICESNIGHT: 50c plus war tax 55c; 75c plus war tax 83c; $1.00 pluswar tax $1,10; Boxes $1.50 plus war tax $1.65.MATINEE: 25c plus war tax 28c; 50c plus war tax 55c; 75c pluswar tax 83c; Boxes $1.00 plus war tax $1.10.Intending patrons should make seat reservations well in advance toavoid disappointment. Mail orders will be given prompt attention.Seats on sale at The Alamo Friday, May 2nd.in the making.of the Britis- g;j ----Prices may be coming do'aru, butthey don't come like tbey were on. atoboggen,o-WHOOPING COUGH.Give Chamberlain's Cough Remedyto keep the cough ooose and expectoration easy. It is execellent.(adv-april)Wilson' and Taft have picked allthe feathers off of Lodge's RoundRobin.Army TentsWe have just bought, at GovernmentAuction, a large number of array tents,16x16, like picture, 3 ft roll up sides,ioable door flap. Will hold eightcj; aome are larger.'Theae teats are ', madew of No. 9canYafTT.' S. Regulation" specificationsaid coat tae Government $125.00 each.XjJAy of them have never been used.4ur ariac $25.00 as long as they lastPrompt buyers can have choice ofkfcaki or vhlt. Address quickHazard Supply Co.1N2 W. MAIN ST.LOUISVILLE, KY.w-e-eas.jJ3gSMillersburg'sNewCreamStationA Real Market For CreamNo Creamery Ever Gave the Satisfaction to Cream Producers That Sugar Creek .Give Daily.BETTER SERVICE3 is what we expect to give you.Sugar Creek service is daily pleas-a ing inousanas or cream producters.I Our method of buying cream is justas honest, man to man deal allla around. You see your cream weigedand tested and take your check and.cream bacw home with you. Nowaiting both will be ready whenyou are.Satisfaction and Pr.ofit is what wew.aait to giye you. We are establishing a station in, Millersburg for yourconvenience and want you to makeour market your market.W2-f w. n iV& ffl& iSsSaAjfejftf SBt3t- '?? , ryt2Ii, - " ii--tSB-fii,llTfflllTkanlMiiiiiMiii -- JSWWPWJWWSlBSBSBBMt1ii iMtlllift"ir ilffl nMitTillllMfli i t 1 1 iBBiilg'BfffTffgsisBBMiMiKMCTHKI'MBMMBlilisBMBBimfflll, jaflfKtf fr rif Ii T?iBwlfl1iBMBHai itiTHw1IWbWbbi mssfsHMi4TA;!vn -r,t'.. i W1Kmmmhmhl i gTWBBBBBBBBBBBBlBBBBBM'4'-" ;v ' - -vf -; t??-W?THE ABOVE IS A PICTURE OF OUR LOUISVILLE PLANT.CREAM PRODUCERSYou are greatly interested in theopening of a Sugar Creek CashCream Market in Millersburg. Weopened our market on Saturday,April 19th, and are located in theSandusky rooms, on Main street.MRS. LUCY INSK0wm uk in uucirge oi our station, ana E3R. will be on the job all the time. Herevery effort will be devoted towardgiving you the Best Possible Service. BHer reputation in your community Bguarantees you a fair and square Bdeal all around.RememberSaturday, April 19thWWAS OUR OPENING PAYDBXTE UP WWLL TAKE YOUR CREAM IROK 7TO CAR OR BUGCT AHD HAVE YOUR CAN AOT) CHECK READY POR YOU IN AVERY SHORT TIME. YOU ABE WELCOE.DT. OUR STATION- ANY TIME WHETHER YOU HAVE CBEAM;GR NOT. VATTR OUR STATIONYOUR HEADQUARTERS WHEN IN MILLERSBURG. LEAVE YOUR PACKAGES IN OUR STATION; WE'LL 3EGLAD TO TAKE CARE OF tTHEM FOR YOU- , ,I SUGAR CREEK CREAMERY CO.H; MRS. LUCY INSKO, OperatorMillersburg, Ky.MimroHnmHHttmi-frHmimiitw3rarTUESDAY, APRIL 29, 1919.THE BOTOBOg MEWS, PA1IS, EBHTBCKY?13 . GBIEETIffS SUPREME TBI-!.nrr Him TPm 1T1 niftn !UWxii, nnflMa ujj innWORLD."IRK PLEASU"Hearts of the 'World," the supreme triumph of D. W. Griffith, tobe presented at the Grand OperaHouse, Monday, May 5, afternoonand night, inaugurates a -new era inthe realm of screen drama. In NewYork, Boston, and Chicago this newGriffith masterpiece has "created apositive sensation, even eclipsing themaster producer's two productions,"The Birth of a Nation." and "Intolerance." In this, his latest achievement,Mr. Griffith did not attempt to createand stage gigantic battle scenes andpageantry, but actually used thepresent, the greatest of all wars as abackground for the filming of a simple but compelling story of tremendous human interest, a story of loveand sacrifice."Hearts of the World" shows thehamy. peaceful life of the people ofa small French village . before thegrim horror war reared its ugly headover the horizon. The causes thatled up to the war are shown; themeeting of the British Parliament onthe eventful night when vote wascast for war; the session of theFrench Senate voting upon a declaration of war; the session of the cabinet awaiting the fatal hour whenthe ultimatum to Germany would expire. These scenes come as a prelude; then the great drama begins,the German hordes enter France.In taking the battle 'picture for"Hearts of the World," Mr. Griffithhad the assistance and co-operationof the Britsh and French War Officesand both he and. his company of players which include Lillian and Dorothy Gish, Robert Harron, GeorgeFawcett and Master Ben Alexander,were constanly within range of theGerman guns and were often com-FOR HER WSays Everybody Bothered Like SheWas Should Give Meritonea Trial."Before taking Meritone my healthwas so bad that I didn't feel like doing my work at all," said Mrs. CarrieCrow, of 749 West Main street, Lexington, Ky., "but it is a pleasure tome now." j"For a whole year I was botheredwith my kidneys. I was so restlessat night that I would hardly sleepand I got so nervous that the leastioise would get me excited. Myback hurt me all the time.Appetite Poor.poor andcondition"My appetite was verymy stomach was in badalso."My health was run down so thatmy work got to be a burden."Finally, I started taking Meritone and I am happy to say that ithas put my kidneys back in fine condition and I can. sleep soundly allthrough the night."My appetite is great and I can eatanything without any pain or troublefrom my stomach afterward."My work is a pleasure to me now.Everybody bothered like I wasshould give Meritone a trial."Meritone, the tonic of real merit,is sold exclusively by G. S. Varden& Son.oPENUAGBADE OIL AUD GAS COMPANY WILL SUPPLY LOUISVILLE WITH NATURAL GAS.An . Ordinance.CITY HALL, PARIS, KY., April 24, 191t.License Ordinance City of Paris, Ky.May 1,1919,to April 30, 1 920BE IT ORDAINED by the Mayor and Board of Council of the City ofParis, Kentucky, that licenses be and are hereby imposed and required for exercising the certain privileges and engaging in certainoccupations, business and professions for the year beginning May 1,1919, and ending April 30, 1920, and providing penalties for violation thereof:KENTUCKY UNIVERSITY GLEECLUB AT HIGH SCHOOLTO-NIGHT.Titled to seek safety in Britishtrenches on the western front. It is ( Tke Pennagrade Oil & Gas Comthe opinion of all who have seen pany, which has a fifteen year con"Hearts of the World" that Mr. Grif- tract tbe Louisville Gas andfith has oufdone his own best , Electric Company to furnish themachievements and has established ajwith. a minimum of 800,000,000new artistic record that will be dim- j CUDiC feet of gas per year, promisescult to equal, if indeed such a thingis possible.to become one of the largest of thecompanies with Eastern Kentuckyholdings.The property of the PennagradeOil & Gas Company consists of about60,000 acres principally located inthe known gas belt in Floyd & KnoxCounties, with leasholds also in theoil and gas producing territories ofMagoffin, Perry, Letcher and otheradjoining counties.At Dresent the Pennagrade Oil &Gas Company has 12,000,000 cubicKEEP. LOOKING YOUNGIt's Easy If You Know Dr.Edwards' Olive TabletsThe secret of keeping young is to feelvoune to do this you must watch yourliver and bowels there's no need of , . - jniMv -wo m-nund andhaving a sallow complexion dark rings fi driiiing rigs in the field. Allunder your eyes -pimples-a bihous grates the city of Louisville&ff fciSJlSwltt thr gas fields at the present"M ??. T" 1 i x" "TJ I time is the construction of a twenty-six mile pipe line, which taps themain line of the Louisville Gas andElectric Company. Surveyors thealready working on this pipe lineand all possible action will be expedited, as the company's contract withthe Louisville Gas & Electric Company, calls for gas in. Louisville bySeptember 1st, 1919.oDON'T SCOLD, MOTHER!THE CROSS CHILD ISBILIOUS, FEVERISHLook At Tongue! If Coated, CleanLittle Stomach, liver,Bowels.per cent of all sickness comes from inactive bowels and liver, 'fDr. Edwards, a well-known physicianin Ohio, perfected a vegetable compound mixed with olive oil to act onthe liver and bowels, which he gave tohis patients for years.Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets, the substitute for calomel, are gentle in their actionyet always effective. They bring aboutthat exuberance of spirit; that naturalbuoyancy which should be enjoyed byeveryone, by toning up the liver and clearing the system of impurities.You will know Dr. Edwards Olive Tablets by their olive color. 10c and 25c petbox. All druggists.W3JBESStt-lnDI3Twin Bros.Department StoreMain and 7th Paris, Ky.New Dresses of Silkand Georgette . . $ 1 -4.95Suits $25.00Capes $7.95 1Skirts $5.95Blouses ,...$1.49Hats $2.49Coats $18.50Twin Bros.. . m ..eEfj-E .SJrg.gElfMfDon't scold your fretful, peevishchild. See if tongue is coated ; this isa sure sign its little stomach, liverand bowels are clogged with sourwaste.When listless, pale, feverish, fullof cold, breath bad, throat sore,doesn't eat, sleep or act naturally,has stomach-ache, indigestion, diarrhoea, give a teaspoonful of "California Syrup of Figs," and in a fewhours all the foul waste, the sourbile and fermenting food passes outof the bowels and you have a welland playful child again. Childrenlove this harmless "fruit laxative,"and mothers can rest easy after giving it, because it never fails to maketheir little "insides" clean andsweetTCppn it handy, mother! A littlegiven to-day saves a sick child to-jmorrow, but get tne genuine.your druggist for a bottle of "California Syrup of Figs," wmcu ua urections for babies, children of allages and for grown-ups plainlyprinted on the bottle. Rememberthere are counterfeits sold here, sosurelv look and see that yours ismade" by the "California Fig SyrupCompany." Hand back with contempt any other fig syrup.(adv)oThe former Kaiser says that hehas some friends in America still.Yes, but they are very still.. oWe should have a little morethought of the Easter spirit and little less about the Easter hat.The Shortest RociteAll long distance messages forMaysville VanccburgElemingsburg Brooksvilleand way stations located within the Maysville District, shouldbe routed overHome Long Distancefor the reason that this is the shortest and most direct route forestablishing toll connection w th these points.Paris Home Telephone TelegraphCompany(Incorporated) -iJ. J. VEATCH. W. H. CAIWOW.District Xanaser .Local KanaserPor operating Agricultural Implement business, per year $ 15.00For following the calling of Auctioneer, per year "25.00For conducting an Auction House, per day 25.00For operating an Ambulance, per year , . 15.00For operating Automobile Garage, sale of automobllee, supplies,repair and hire; per year 50.00For conducting Automobile Sales Agency, per year 50.00For operating as transient agent for sale of Automobiles, per year 50.00For conducting business for sale of Automobile Supplies, per year 25.00For operating1 1 ton Automobile Truck, per year 15.00For operating Automobile Truck under IY2 ton, per year 7.50For conducting the Blue Grass and Field Seed business, per year 15.00For operating Billiard or Pool Table, per year 50.00For operating more than one Billiard or Pool Table, for each additional table, per year 20.00For operating Bowling Alley, per year . ; 35.00For operating Butcher Shop, per year 25.00For operating Butcher Shop, per month 2.50For conducting the business of Bill Poster, per year 25.00For conducting a Bakery, per year 15.00For operating a Broom Factory, per year 10.00For Buying and Selling Live Stock, per year 10.00For Buying or Selling Hemp, per year 15.00For conducting a Barber Shop, 1st chair, per year 5.00For conducting a Baiber Shop, each additional chair over one,per year 2.50For conducting Blacksmith Shop, per year 15.00For conducting Creamery Depot, per year 50.00For conducting business of Coal Dealer, per year 15.00For conducting Candy Factory, per year 25.00For conducting a Circus or Menagerie, per day 50.00For conducting each Side Show, per day 5.00For selling Cigarettes, per year 50.00For operating Carriage, Buggy or Auto Paint Shop, per year. . . . 10.00For conducting the'business of-Cleaning or Dyeing Clothing, peryear 10.00For conducting a Dance Hall, per year 10.00For conducting a Dance, where subscription or pay admissionis charged, per night 5.00For conducting the business of Express Company, per year. ... 50.00For conducting the business of Electric or Gas Company,, per year 25.00For conducting the business of Florist, per year 20.00For conducting the business of Florist Agent, each person,per year . . 20.00For conducting the business of Furniture House, per year 75.00For operating a Flour Mill, per year 75.00For conducting retail sale of Fish, per year 5.00For conducting Feed or Sale 'Stable, per year 25.00For selling Gasoline by retail, per year 5.00For selling Gasoline, Kerosene and Lubricating Oils, by wholesale, per year . . $200.00For conducting General Merchandise business, per year 100.00For conducting the business of Hackling Hemp, per year 25.00For conducting a Hotel, European or American plan, per year 25.00For operating Hitch or Feed Stable, per year 5.00For operating Hall for public use, per year 10.00For conducting Insurance Business, Old Line Life, each Agent orCompany, per year 50.00For conducting Insurance Business, Industrial, each Agent orCompany, per year 50.00For conducting Insurance Business, Fire, each Agent or Company, per year 25.00For conducting Insurance Business, Health or Casualty, eachAgent or Company, per year 20. Q0,For conducting Insurance Business, Short Term, each Agent orCompany, per year 10.00For conducting Insurance Business.Plate Glass, each Agent orCompany, per year 15. Q0For conducting Insurance Business, Surety or Bonding, eachAgent or Company, per year 20.00For selling Ice Cream, by wholesale, per year 25.00For selling Ice Cream by retail, per year 10.00For operating Ice Cream Wagon, each, per year 10.00For operating Ice Wagon, each, per year 10.00F6r condutcing the business of Junk Dealer, per year 75.00For operating a Livery or Transfer business:For each two-horse passenger vehicle, per year . f 5.00For each one-horse passenger vehicle, per year 3.00For each two-horse transfer wagon or dray, per year 10.00For each one-horse transfer wagon, dray or cart, per year. . . . 5.00For each automobile, seating capacity four persons, per year 7.50For each automobile, seating capacity five persons and notmore than seven persons, per year 10.00For each automobile or auto bus, seating capacity seven ormore persons, per year 15.00For operating Laundry by steam, per year 75.00For conducting Laundry Agency, each agent, per year . . . 75.00For conducting Lumber Yard, per year 35.00For operating Lunch Stand, per year 25.00For operating . Lunch Wagon, per year 25.00For selling Lunches Hot. on streets, ner year 5.00For Manufacturing Ice, per year 25.00For Manufacturing Soft Drinks, per year 37.50For Manufacturing Patent Medicines and sale, per year 25.00For conducting Moving Picture Show, per month 10.00For conducting Monumental or Marble Works, per year 25.00For acting as agent or representative for sale of Monuments,Markers or other cemetery work, per year 25.00For conducting Opera House, per month 10.00For Peddling Meat, per year 50.00For Peddling Fruit, per day 5.00For Peddling Fruit, per year 50.00For conducting Poultry or Egg business wholesale or retail,per year 25.00For Peddling Chickens, Game, Butter, Eggs or other CountryProduce, not the product of the person peddling, for eachperson so engaged, per year J 5.00For Peddling or selling any articles or conducting any businessfor which license is not herein otherwise provided for,per day .' 10.00For operating Photograph Gallery, per year 10.00For selling Playing Cards or Dice, per year 5.00For Publishing Newspaper, per year 15.00For conducting Job Printing business, per year 15.00For operating Peanut or Pop Corn Machine, per year 5.00For operating Planing Mill, per year 25.00For operating Pawn Shop or Loan Office, per year 200.007or conducting Plumbing, Gas or Electric Fitting, Heating,per year . , . 1 ...... 25.00The Mens' Glee Club from the University of Kentucky at Lexington,will appear at the City School auditorium, in this city. to-night, Friday,April 25. The Glee Club consists oftwenty-five splendid musicians, under the leadership of Prof. Carl Lam-he rt, of Redpath Chautauqua fame.The teachers and pupils are workinghard to make this the biggest success of anything they have undertaken this season.The net proceeds from this entertainment will be used to beautify theCity School grounds and to add tothe school and playgrounds equipment. In this evening of story andsong there will.be something to suitevery taste. Come out and help fillboth, the main floor and the balcony.IF I WERE A FARMERIf I were a farmer I would keep athand a few reliable medicines forminor ailments that are not so serious as to require the attention of aphysician, such, as Chamberlain'sColic and Diarrhoea Remedy forbowel complaints.Chamberlain's Liniment for sprains! and bruises and rheumatic pains.Chamberlain's Tablets for stomachtroubles, biliousness and constipation. 'By having these articles at hand itwould often save the trouble of a trip- -totown i the busiest season or inthe night, and would enable me totreat slight ailments as soon as thyappear, and thereby avoid the morserious diseases that so often follow.(adr-april)For practicing the Profession of Dentistry, each person, per year 25.00For practicing the Profession of Medicine, each person, per year 25.00For practicing the Profession ofOsteopathy, each person, per year 25.00For practicing the Profession of Chiropractic, each person, per year 25.00For practicing the Profession of Oculist or Optometrist, each person, per year 25.00For practicing the Profession of Law, each person, per year 25.00"For practicing the Profession of Veterinary Surgeon, each, person,per year ........ 25.00For practicing, for reward or compensation, any of -the Arts ofHypnotism, Magnetic or Divine Healing, Faith Cure orClairvoyancy, per day ... 50.00For conducting a Restaurant, per year -. 25.00For conducting Real Estate Agency, per year 25.00"For conducting a Storage Warehouse, per year ............ 10.00For conducting a Store for sale of Clothing and Gent's Furnishings, per year ....... 35.00For conducting a Store for sale of Clothing and Shoes combined, per year 60.00For conducting a Store for sale of Shoes, per year ". . . . 25.00For conducting a Store for sale of Dry Goods and Ladies' Furnishings, per year ." 35.00For conducting a Store for sale of Groceries, by retail, per year 15.00For conducting a Store for sale of Groceries, by wholesale, per year 75.00For conducting a Store for sale of Millinery, per year 15.00For conducting a store for sale of Drugs, per year 35.0-For conducting a Store for sale of Harness, per year 25.00For conducting a Store for sale of Books and Stationery, per year 10.00For conducting a Store for sale of Paints, Oils or Glass, per year 25.00For conducting a Store for sale of Hardware, Stoves, Tinware,per year v 25.00For conducting a Store for sale of Furniture, per year 75.00For conducting a Store for sale of Racket Goods, per year 25.00For conducting a Store for sale of 5c, 10c and 25c Articles,per year . 50.00For. conducting a Store for sale of Jewelry, per year . 25.00For conducting a Store for sale of Sewing Machines, or Agency,per year . 25.00For retailing Sausage, per year 5,00?For conducting a Skating Rink, per year 50.00'For, soliciting Asale of or selling Pianos or Organs, per year .... 25.00For selling Musical Instruments other than Piano or Organs,per year 10.00;For selling Second-Hand Goods, per year 20.00For operating either Shooting Gallery, Merry-Go-Round or DollRack, each, per day $1.00; per year 35.00For operating Soda Fountain for business of selling Soda Water,Ice Cream or Soft Drinks containing no Alcohol, per year. . 25.00For operating a stand for sale of Soft Drinks containing any percent of Alcohol, per year , , 250.00For selling Soft Drinks on the streets, containing no Alcohol,.per day 1.00For operating Shoe Repairing Shop, per year ' 20.00For selling Oil or Investment Stock, per year 50.00For operating Stock Exchange, per year 100.00For operating Stock Yards for compensation, per year 15.00For Soliciting Subscriptions to any Newspaper or Periodical byoffering any premium or gift, or where solicitor is engagedIn any contest for prize, or prizes, per day 5.00For Soliciting Orders or Selling from samples Ladies', Gents' or iChildren's Clothing or Shoes (to be made elsewhere than in ,Paris, Kentucky) , per year 100.00For same, per week 25.00For same, per day 15.00For conducting the business of Selling Goods, Wares or Merchandise of Any Kind in the City'of Paris for periods less thantwelve months, and without having intended In good faithto conduct such business permanently, for each person,firm or corporation' . . . -. 200.00Any person, firm or corporation so conducting any such business for a period of less than twelve months shall be deemedto have conducted such business temporarily,, and snail beliable to said license tax and subject to the penalty herelnaiter Imposed for doing business without license.For conducting the business of Telegraph Company, per year .... 25.00For conducting Tobacco Warehouse for loose leaf sales, each,per year 400.00For operating Tobacco Redrying plant, each, per year 75.00For operating Telephone Exchange, per year 50.00For conducting the business of Undertaker or Embalmer, per year 25.00For conducting the business of Upholstering or Working OverFurniture, per year 25.00For operating Wagon, Oart or Dray, drawn by one horse, for thepurpose of hire or delivery, per year 5.00For operating Wagon, Cart or Dray, drawn by two horses, for tnepurpose of hire or delivery, per year 10.00For conducting Wall Paper business, per year 10.00Each place of business conducted for the sale of soft drinks of anykind for which a license is required, shall be kept open without screenor blinds to full view from the street on which such place is situated, atall times during business hours; provided, however, that no license shallbe granted except by the City Council, in regular session, for the sale ofsoft drinks containing any alcohol, or .for the operation of a Pool Room orDance Hall, or Restaurant; and provided, further, that no licenseshall be granted to sell any soft drinks containing any per cent of alcohol'at any place In the City of Paris, except on Main Street, between Second.Street and Tenth Street; and on Tenth Street between Main and theLouisville & Nashville Depot; and on Winchester Street between its intersection with Tenth Streeet and Louisville & Nashville Railroad.If any person shall operate or carry on any business, occupation, call-ing or profession, or do any act for which a license is required by thisordinance, without first having obtained a license to do so, then such,person shall be fined not less than one dollar nor more than fifty dollars. -foreach offense, and each sale which may be made without such licenstoshall constitute a separate offense.It shall be unlawful for any Billiard or Pool Room, or any place ofbusiness wherein soft drinks of any kind, containing any per cent, ofalcohol, are sold by license, to be kept open or operated from April toNovember between the hours of 12 P. M. and 5 o'clock A. M. of the next .day, and from November to April between the hours of 11 P. M. and 5A. M. of the next day, and if any person shall so operate or keep openany such place of business between the hours as above stated, suchperson shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction shall befined for each offense not less than one dollar nor more than fifty dollars.- .E. B. JANUARY, Mayor.(Attest:) J. W, HAYDEN, City Clerk,City Hall, Paris, Ky., April 24, 1919.JJ !xr.U, k'. itilAI11?114ftV- vv-rM-,-fi-iCA,TJC'HL"PAGE EIGHT1 THE BOTOBON JEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, APRIL 29, 1919.THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMOADMISSIONAdults Ticket 1 8c; War Tax 2c-20tChildren Ticket 9c; War Tax 1 c-1 0cTO-DAY, TUESDAYTHURSDAY, MAY 1stI Jrrmiiiiiillkia.f .' ?'H. Juf 1.3IElsie Fergusonr .t, . i".i."His Parisian Wife"in::C Here is one of Elsie Ferguson's most dramatic pictures. In;;the latest French gowns, she startles a puritan New EnglandtawnT And through all the big, tense scenes, flashes brilliantlylike the great star she is. Excitement enough for anyone.Carol Holloway and Antonio Moreno inTHE IRON TEST"And Pathe Comedy, "Why Pick On Me?"(CMILLERSBUEG;Nine pounds, oj: sugar for $1.00at Caldwell's." (It). ' -Mr. and frs." T. "B. 'Thompsonleft Thursday for a visit to relativesin-Lexington.' Capt. and Mrs. V. C. MuIIiken, ofiesington, were guests Sunday ofJVIts.'j. D. Redd and family.' ' . ! Mrs. R. L. Buffington has returned to her home at Columbus, 0.,after a visit to her sister, Mrs. Alli'eMiller.-' ' Mrs. M. E. Pruett was the guestof iier sister, Mrs. William Hawkins,at 'Middlesboro, from Saturday untilMonday.'Mr. and Mrs. Bayles DeBell Jeft'Saturday for their home at Ewing,after spending some time with theirttatr.gh.ter, Mrs. R. M. Caldwell.Remember the late freezes hasdestroyed much of your garden seeds.There is still a good supply at Caldwell's that can be bought right.- Mr. and Mrs.- G. W. Bramblettesti-'-v. daughter, Mrs. Carrie Potts, are,ln. '"tncinnati, where Mrs. Bramble' .e is being treated for rheumatism. 'Mr. John Slieele'r lias returnedto his home at Mt. Olivet, .and -Mr.and Mrs. "William Sheeler. to. theirIiome, at Jacksonville, after spendingseveral days with Mr. H. A. Sheeler.Mrs. Allie Miller and son, andMrs. Adams, the latter of Sandersville, .-Ja., were guests Sunday oftheir "aunt, Mrs. Josephine Hull, atParis, the occasion being Mrs. Hull'sbirthday.o iMOSEY BIGHT IN YOUH HANDEOS EGGS, POULTRY' ' AND JUNK.Jfor eggs,...Highest cash pricepoultry, hides and junk.,, MUNICH & WIDES CO.,'(1-tZ) Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.1 ' ' :BIRTHS.-'.At the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, to the wife of Mr.George Phillips, a daughter. Mrs.Phillips was formerly Miss Olive-Matthews, of Paris.i o.iTMAKE MAYS7ILLE PIKE FEDfc. ERAI, AID TUENPIKE.u Mmove is on foot to have theM&ysvilte and Lexington turnpikedesignated as' a Federal Aid turnpike.This- road extends through Nicholascounty a distance of fifteen miles andwas recently rebuilt by Nicholascounty at a cost of $500,000.The plan now under considerationis to have the pike repaired, the Federal government contributing fiftyper cent., the State Highway Department ten per cent,, and remainingforty5 per cent, to be paid by Nicholas county.Tile 'road passes through Fayette,Bourbon, Nicholas, "Fleming and Mason, counties.Fayette and Bourbon countiesliave already signified their willingness to participate in the rebuildingof this pike. The Nicholas FiscalCourt indicated its willingness to accept the proposition.rt- ic hiorViiv probable that theplan will be accepted by all counties.The period ef reconstruction coversthree years, the road will be rebuiltin. (sections, taking three years tocomplete the road in the county.TbB plan calls for resurfacing therpad with asphalt,i oVOTERS TO VOTE ON MATTER OFCOKSOLmATEp SCHOOLSAt; a. recent meeting of- the BourIjjon,! County Board of Education anelection was called for in the MilI&afturg, Mcllvaine. -Letton-. Tarr andEurdy school districts, to be held onSaturday. May 21;. for the purpose oftkking the sense of the voters on thematter of levying a tax of twenty-fiveceats on each $100 worth of taxableproperty assessable for State purnoses, to either build or remodel aTttrilding to be used as -a consolidatedschool, and for meeting the cost oftransportation of the pupils to andfrom the school.j All men and women over twentyone years of age in these districts..4ho can read and write, are entitled) cast a ballot The four above?3iQtioned school districts lie in the-ttLree magisterial districts of MillersTturg, Little Rock and Ruddles Mills.Thiefralie of the taxable propertyiitliin the 'school boundary will agpneeate close to three and one-halfmillion dollars.DEATHS.CLARK.The funeral of Charles J. Clark,ten-year-old son of Mrs. Rosa J.Clark, who died at noon Sunday oftyphoid-meningitis, at his home inthe Robneel Flat, was held at threeo'clock m yesterday afternoon, withservices conducted at the grave inthe Paris Cemetery by Rev. T. C.Ecton, of Lexington.The pall-bearers were John Clarke,John Yarrington, Dr. Win. Kenney and Clark Barnett. The boy'sfather, Mr. John T. Clarke, died inLexington last fall.DICKERSON.Mrs. Agnes R. Dickerson, agedeighty-one, a former resident of thiscity, died last week at the home ofher daughter, Mrs. Harry Hamilton,in Philadelphia, where she was visiting. The body was brought to Falmouth for interment in the FalmouthCemetery.Mrs. Dickerson was born in thiscity, where her -father, Mr. Benjamin Riggs, conducted a jewelrystore. She is survived by two daughters, and two sons, one of the latter,Mr. B. R. Dickerson, residing in thiscity.GAINES.Mr. B. 0. Gaines, aged fifty, foryears editor and publisher of TheGeorgetown News, died at St.Joseph's Hospital, in Lexington,about 4:30 o'clock Friday afternoon,after a long illness. Mr. Gaines wasone of the best-known newspapermen in the State for many years, buton account of illness was compelledto retire from active connection withthe paper,Mr. Gaines is survived by one son,I Allvnn Ttr rLninnr. n -n-, ;4-V. i--r.the U. S. Naval Academy at Annapolis, Md., and two sisters, Mrs. MetaGaines O'Neil and Mrs. T. C. Proctor, both of Lexington.SHANNON.The body of Blair Shannon, aged forty-three, who died at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city,Friday night, of chronic nephritis,was taken to Carlisle, Saturday, andfrom there by hearse to the home ofhis mother, Mrs. Elizabeth Shannon.The funeral took place Sundaymorning at eleven o'clock, with services conducted at the Locust Grovechurch. The interment followed onthe family lot in the Locust GroveCemetery.Mr. Shannon is survived by hismother, Mrs. Elizabeth Shannon, onesister, Mrs Sallie Crump, and fivebrothers, Jos. Shannon, of ScottI county, James, Charles, John and Edward Shannon, all of Nicholascounty.COLLINS.Mr, William Poster Collins, aprominent farmer and stock raiser ofthe Colville neighbrohood. died at hishome Friday afternoon, after an illness of about six weeks from heartdisease. Mr. Collins was a native ofBourbon county, and was the son ofBenjamin and Sarah Turney Collins.In 1884 he was married to Miss Bet-. tie Crenshaw, of Harrison county,who survives, with one son, Mr. Turney Collins, of this county. Mr. Col- jlins had lived for thirty-two years in jthe home in which he died. Besides Ihis widow and son, he is survived bytwo brothers, Mr. George Collins, ofParis, and Mr. Taylor Collins, ofSpokane, Washington, and one sister,Mrs. Fannie Newman, of Texas.The funeral was held at the Leesburg Christian church Sunday afternoon, with services conducted byRev. J. R. Jones, of Cynthiana, assisted by Rev. Frank M. Tinder, ofNorth Middletown. The burial followed in Battle Grove Cemetery, atCynthiana. The pall-bearers were:Active J. L. Hillman, HarveyShropshire, Graves Sparks, John!Shropshire, Kirtley Shropshire EarlMay, James Cason and Jos. Anderson; Honorary J. H. Shropshire, W.H. Shropshire, Henry May, Jos. M.Brock and Stewart Shropshire.EXAMINATIONS IN AGKICULTUItECirculars Nos. 54 and 56 sent outby State Superintendent of Public Instruction V. O. Gilbert, relative toforthcoming examinations in agriculture, have been received by many ofthe teachers of the county. Thesecirculars are from Dean Cropper, ofthe Agricultural College of the StateUniversity at Lexington, and willprove very- instructive to the teachers in taking their examinations.Those teachers who have not received one of the circulars can be supplied by calling at the office ofCounty Superintendent J. B. Caywood, in the eourf 1",ise.TO-MORROW, WEDNESDAYiEnrico Carusoin "MY COUSINlCaruso is a lover in his first picture! , Yes, . Enrico Caruso,the greatest singer-actor in the history of this planet, has at lastconsented to go into motion pictures. In "My Cousin" he takesthe role to the life you betof ;a famous tenor. He also takesthe role of a poor sculptor desperatelf in love with his model.A picture to see see it.Also Big V Comedy . -"Damsels and Dandies"r"and Paramount Pictograph.RELIGIOUS.At the Presbyterian church, tonight, April 29, at 7:30, the ChrisI tian Endeavor Societies of the Christian and Presbyterian churches willuiave a joint meeting. The Stateresident will be present and a malevocal quartette will give severalnumbers. Afterward a social hour.All members are urged to be present!Delegates to the convention at Winchester, May 2, 3 and 4, are: Mrs.Sam Willis, Mrs. W. B. Griffith, Miss;Virginia Dundon; Miss Lucie Hall!Miss Margaret Griffith,,. Mr. JohnDundon, Mr. Vernon Stamper, MissAdah Wilcox, Mr. Eugene Lair, Miss"Vallette McClintock.Wednesday, April 30, prayer meeting at 7:30 p. m., in the lectureroom, followed by a teachers' meeting. All teachers of Sunday schoolclasses are asked to attend.Thursday and Friday, May 1 and2, are to be given over to the entertainment of the Ebenezer Presbyterial Auxiliary.All the women of the church areurged to attend these meetings. Themain auditorium at -2 o'clock ThursMain auditorium at 2 o'clock Thursday afternoon.At 8 o'clock Thursday nicrht a nnn-ular meeting will be held, to whichthe public is cordially invited. Amost interesting speaker, Miss McMurphy, will address the audience,and those who are present may promise themselves a lare treat. MissMcMurphy is a missionary fromKorea, and comes to us with a message. Good music will also be a feature of the program.On Friday, after the mornine: session, the ladies will serve luncheonto all the women of the church.It is earnestly hoped that everywoman of the congregation will bepresent. The service in the afternoon closes the meeting.Rev. Dr. David D. Sweets, ofLouisville, filled the pulpit at theParis Presbyterian church Sundaymorning and evening, both servicesbeing largely attended. Miss MaryDan Harbison and brother, Capt.Harbison, sang a duett, and MissHarbison rendered a beautiful solo.A musical program was rendered atthe evening service.oMATRIMONIAL.4Marriage licenses were issuedSaturday from the office of CountvClerk Pearce Paton to Robert Hicks iand Miss Lena Hughes, of Fayettecounty, and George W. Gray andMiss Alpha Rupp, of Nicholascounty.IRVIN DUNCAN.Mr. Goebel Irvin and Miss JanieDuncan, each twenty years old, andboth residents of Centerville, thiscounty, secured license in Georgetown, and were married there Friday. BOONE DAVIS.Miss Mary Lee Boone and Mr.R. B. Davis were married in Lexington, Saturday morning, at the residence of the officiating minister, Rev.A. N. Fortune, in Eslmere Park. Thebride is a charming young woman,the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. WalterBoone, former residents of Bourboncounty. The groom is a son of Mr.and Mrs. J. L. Davis, of Louisville,and is a former student of Transylvania University.After congratuflations and goodwishes the happy young couple leftfor a short trip East. On their return they will reside in Louisville.CAN ITBE TRUE THAT THISHAPPENED?Governor Smith", of New York-,,signed the bills authorizing Sundaybaseball and moving shows. Hsaid, in referring to harmless amusements, that the ministry who opposedall recreation on Sunday, had noright to impose their 'will on the majority who disagree with them.This stands out in strong contrastto the action of a group of Easternministers who protested to SecretaryGlass against band concerts and theexhibition, on Sunday of "The Priceof Peace" in the Victory Loan Campaign. oA" man can get his clothes made tofit his form by going to a good tailor.But a woman can get her form madeto fit her clothes by going to a good-dressmaker.Some people fiddle their'time away'continually blowing their own horns.Social Events of the Week.( Continued from Page 1.)Louis, Mo., Messrs. Hugh Ferguson,Charlton Clay, Withers Davis, William Gordon, Frank Justice, Mr. andMrs. John Davie, Mr. and Mrs. V. W.Ferguson, Mr. and Mrs. EdwardPrichard, Miss Taletha Chenault andMrs. Wm. McKinlay.The hosts of the cotillon requeststhat all members and guests be present promptly at 8:30 p. m. at Masonic Temple this evening.The cotillon is given in honor ofMiss Martha Ferguson and Dr. Chas.Miles McKinlay, whose marriage willoccur to-morrow evening.Mr. Charlton Clay will lead, assisted by Miss' Ferguson.KENTUCKY SOCIETY ELECTSOEHCEBS IN WASHINGTON.At the April meeting of the Kentucky Society of Washington, held atthe John Thomson School, in Washington, Representative David Kincheloe, President of the Society, who,is now in the Bluegrass State, was.re-elected.' ' A. H. Tackett, of Pikeville, vicepresident, was also re-elected.: James I. White, of Lexington, waselected secretary; J. R. Vose, of Ashland, treasurer, and J. M. Perry, ofAshland, historian,i Following a business meeting, theevening's entertainment consisted ofviolin and vocal solos, humorousdialogues, dancing and refreshments.; ; The attendance was larger than atany of the previous meetings, about500 Kentuckians being present.BUY NOWYour New Spring Footwear!tff'SJSfeSfeGthat broke all records for volume of business done in the past few weeks.Enormous Purchaseshas resulted in the acquision of the greatest selection of high grade footwear,combining as it does elegance in footwear at extremely low prices. Shophere Saturday and be correctly shod for Spring at almost one-half the costLadies9 Patent arid Brown KidPumps and OxfordsLadies' 'Patent Kid Oxfords,and Pumps 1Ladies .Dark Tan ExglishOxfordsV ' T jr f illMisses' and Children's Shoes and Slippers at Extremly Low Prices!DAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe StoreConstance TalmadgeIN"A LADY'S NAME":See Constance as a fascinating young woman novelist, a"cook and a butler's sweetheart all in one picture. ' ;ARBUCKLE COMEDY"Fatty's Washday"and International News.x Blue Grass Oil Exchange(Incorporated)Kentucky Oil Securities bought andsold ait Open Call Sessions everyWednesdaySaturday .Saturday .One Sale Wednesday.41 S MAIN STREETCumb. Phone 313 Next to N. KrienerHAVEGOT A BABY?If you have you should have aKERRY OR DEXTER COWThese breeds were never known to havetuberculosis. Fresh cows with calves, registered, XALAPA FARM(ap25-6t) Telephone 1157We offer tomorrow thesame great values, thesame stylish footwear.at the same low pricesWALK-OVERSAt SpecialLow. Prices$3.95$3.49Men's Tan English Oxfords,Walk-Overs, atMen's Gun Metal EnglishOxfords, Walk-Over:Where Beauty and Economy Reign8:00 p. m.4:00 p. m.8:00 p. m.Two Sales Saturday.YOU-.gr$5.00$3.50y