- -'X -a? -.r -'h -THE BOURBON-f '- t-vPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FET YNIN THE YEAR.-. &j113SfVOLUME XXXVIIIVPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRI JAY, FEBRUARY 14 1919"JiX,MEWSPARIS WOMAN FATALLY' BURNED WHILE ON A VISITWhile visiting- at the home of heranother, Mrs. Charles Barnett, nearTaylorSville, in Spencer county, Mrs.Mabel Frank, widow of the late B.A. Prank, of Paris, was badly burnedabout the lower part of the body,with results which later proved fatal.Mrs. Frank rose a little earlierthan usual Wednesday morning, andwas standing before an open gratefire, preparatory to dressing. Aslight gust of wind from a slightlyopened window caught the edge ofher night dress and blew it into theflames. In an instant the light fabric was a mass of flames, which almost entirely enveloped the unfortunate woman in its fiery embrace.She ran. screaming to the door, trying to rid herself of the flaming garment, and called wildly for help. Mr.and Mrs. Barnett, hearing the frenzied cries for "help, ran to her room,and succeeded in wrapping her inheavy rugs and smothered the flames,but not until the whole lower portionof her body had. heen horribly burned and her hair burned from herhead. Physicians were summoned,and Mrs. Frank's burns were givenfirst aid treatment and such otherJtreatment as might tend "to mitigate,her sufferings, which were excruclnoting in the extreme.Efforts"' were made to get her takento the Norton Infirmary at Louisville,but this institution was too crowded,and. she was made as comfortable aspossible under the circumstances.Telephone jmessages were sent to relatives and physicians at Paris, apprising the'm of the distressing happening," and other messages asked ifit were possible to bring Mrs. Frankto the Massie Hospital in this city.But after a consultation of the physicians it was deemed best that sheshould remain at her mother's home,until the full extent of her injuriescould be determined. Yesterdaymessages stated that the physicianswere fearful she had inhaled' some ofthe flames, and her father, Mr. JamesM. Russell! accompanied by Dr. Chas.G. Daugherty and Mrs. Macie White;Fithian, left in an automobile for tneBarnett home. - "Late yesterday afternoon Mr.Robert Frp.nk received a messagefrom the Barnett home at Taylorsv viile, stating that Mrs. Frank diedabout a half-hour previous to sending th'e message, and that her deathrelieved her intense suffering;. The.J. T. Hinton Company ambulance leftfor Taylorsville to bring the body tolier old home in this' city. Mrs.Frank's son, Mr. Russell Frank, whois in Florida, was apprised of hfsmother's death, and will reach Parisas soon. as possible. He is the onlysurvivor of the household, being theonly child of Mr. and Mrs. Frank.Some months ago Mrs. Frank'shusband, Mr. Burton A Frank, senior member of the Frank & Co. department store, diedsuddenly at his'home, from an attack of acute indigestion. He had attended the Lexir.onn' rflr.P.s the dav nrevious andearning home that night, had supperat Stout's Qarfe with a party otfriends. During the early nours oithe jmorning he was, seized with ans.ttack of acute indigestion and ex-' pired a short time after medical aidnan reacnea mm. ina. .naun.sister of Mrs. Charles Wilmoth, ofP-arisrand Mrs. John M. Barnes, ofMt. Sterling. She has a wide circleof friends and acquaintances, notalone in Paris and Bourbon county,but throughout .Central Kentucky,,all of whom we're shocked by newsof the unfortunate accident".COTTAGE ATACTIO TUESDAY- ATv2:30 O'CtOCK.- -Dora Scott has rented a .farm andwill move to , the -country. He willsell his cottage on Lilleston avenueon Tuesday at two o'clock at publicauction. Five rooms, two porches,presses, bath, electric lights, cistern,etc., barn aod garden. -Harris &Speakes will tell youabout it. -. - 11)oCOUNTY AND CITY OFFICERS ENFORCING DOG LAW. 'It used to be, "Look Out For 'Therncr na.t.riier" but now its 'Be-vrare of the city and county officersif your dog is untagged and unlicensed." Sheriff McClintock warnsthe public that "when an unlicensedArr ic fmmfl on a man's property,the owner, under the law, is liable jto arrest on the cnarge i wuuii6such a dog, and that his instructionsfrom the Court are to bring in bothdog and the man, which, he says,rill be strictly enforced.The first dog'to be 'destroyed byVlAcor4ff'c nfflc.e unaer tne "dog law, which went into effect Jan.. -i TOo thUaH on the Georgetownpike Monday oy Deputy Sheriff- R-. M.Gilkey. Tne aog wortr uu b-1 - o- ?-'VilNTl5E ?ARTY -OnotAhe most, delightful. of'W-pre-yaleritine,Day ceieorauonb wheiValentine iarty .given in the parlors of -the Baptist urch by theyoung people of the church. The festivities began at 7:30 o'clock, with agood-sized crowd of young people inattendance. Music, games and a -generalgood time furn'isned a programthat filled in enjoyable .hours for the. participants: Refreshments wereserved. Everyone attending broughtwith liim or her a valentine, comic'" .."I.-. .-vu V,,- orrpTitred.or sentimental, wu-. . " yin one diSDiav. ana aucwiiu -! i ttitrQ ti tii r iimi.. -noma annear-ed on the, back of the missies. Npuirar Tn Tna niit w u.Lrcrc iwv rr"c" "" .vm -. .5a. uiiWitgfJ?? TS.?V-.iIN THE SERVICE OF THEEB, COUNTRY.Private Harold Shropshire, ajmember of the Bourbon county draftwuuu6cuu, vviiu uits uetjn in j? raneewith the 325th Field Artillery, 84hDivision, American ExpeditionaryForce, has arrived at Camp Taylor,awaiting his final discharge papers.He will return to, his home, near Centerville, and take up his interruptedfarm duties..Lieut. Rogers Moore, fornierly ofParis, who has been in the servicein an army camp" near San. Antonio,Tex., is in Lexington as a guest ofhis aunt, Mrs. J. Ernest Cassidy, ofEast Maxwell street. Lieut. Moorewas in the aviation branch of theservice. He is a son of Mr. Thos. E.Moore, Jr., formerly County Attorney of Bourbon county, now a resident of Hazard.Sergt. Newsum Keller arrived inParis, Monday, from Pigeon Point,near Welmington, Delaware, wherehe has been stationed in the serviceof Uncle Samr in special work. Hewill rejmain in Paris a short time,having received his final dischargepapers, and will later go to Texas,where his brother, George Keller, isin the oil business: Sergt. Keller wasone of the first Bourbon county boysto enlist in the serviceand wa sentto the Texan-Mexican border withthe Kentucky troopp. When his command was incorporated in the FieldSignal Corps, Sergt. Keller accompanied them to Camp Shelby, nearHattiesburg. remaining there untilhe was transferred, to an Easterncamp and then to the Pigeon Pointcamp.oDON'T DO ANYTHING UNTILYOU SEE US.- Do not buy anything in theClothing lint until you get myprices.L. WOLLSTEIN,tf Clothing Department.pPATROLMAN TIKES ON OUT-OF-TOWNSPEEDEBS.While making his rounds aboutmidnight Wednesday, PatrolmanRobert Lusk spied a speeding machine without "headlight bowlingdown Main street at a merry clip.The officer drew back into theshadow of a telephone pole andawaited developments. The machinecame on with unslackened speed.Seeing there was no prospect ofhailing or stopping the machine, thepatroljman fired one shot in the airto warn them, but the macnineseemed to take on more speed andfairly flew down the incline at thefnnf nf Main street. PatrolmanI , k of the opinion the machinecontained a bunch of negro bootleggers and a quantity of whiskydestined for Carlisle or some otherseasport. He says the next one willt DU"llet jn the tires or some, otherplace.KENTUCKY RACE TRACK MERGER ITNALLY EFFECTED" Spring racing dates at DouglasPark, one of the important racingplants. of the country, will7be cancelled and nine days added to tAespring meeting at 'Churchill Downs,,its sister track.-at Louisville, where.both the Kentucky Handicap and theiDerby will be run.This announcement was made oyCharles F. Grainger, president of thenew Louisville Jockey-Club who alsosaid that at a conference the proposed merger of race tracks in Louisville, Latonia'and Lexington Anally had been accomplished. Thetracks, it was stated, has passed under the control of a syndicate largelycomposed of Kentuckians.The Derby, it was announced, willcarry $20,000, and the KentuckyHandicap $10,000 in added money,wihle the total added money for allstakes will be $19,000. The meetingwill begin May 10 r when the Derbywill be run and will, continue fornineteen days,oBUST OF JUDGE PRYOR UNVEILED AT FRANKFORT.With the whole court sitting andthe Appellate Court bar and audience chamber filled, the bronze bustof the late Chief Justice WilliajmSamuel Pryor,. for twenty-six yearsa member of the court, was unveiledshortly before noon Tuesday, atFrankfort,Judge'Alex. P. Humphrey, of Louisville, persented the bust in behalfof the 'bar of the State. It was1 acWntfrt ' for the Commonwealth byGov-. ;stanleyand for the court byfrd TnsrMffi-(TarroH. Present inthecourt room.were Judgtf Pryor's children, Mrs. Joanna- PI Castieman anaLibert Pryor, of Louisville Samuel"and William Pryor, -Mrs. Mary San-ford and Mrs. Owen Carroll, oi XNewCastles James Pryor, of Lexington,and several ot his grandchildren. 'NATURAL GAS REGULATIONSHAVEN'T- BEEN- CANCELLED'The' fuel administration'! naturalrAfriiiotions were not cancelled?T? ':::i BA,i,iiiif nrtaea andvj, -"- ".-:.:: z'a nv0tt x nn -f n iifi nuouvuvB . w-w--rfifr .restrictions on kajhx a." winv. .- .fefrective FetSruta-y f. Tfils' announja-;.i 'w.!! made by Aamini5l.ruirSST-H to cfew up W apparent.MEMORIAL MASS MEETING ATOPERA HOUSEtEverything is in readiness for thememorial mass meeting to be heldat the Paris Grand Opera Housenext Sunday afternoon, February 16, Frankfort, where he went as repre- sidered to be one 'of 'the best salesfor the purpose of perfecting plans sentative of Sheriff Wm. G. McClin- heid 0n the local market The qualIZ Lffi2Sfpii 'f0 Mr.-Marshall's visit to the cap- ity ofhe offermff was very S,ftf, 2w? memorial in ital was for the purpoSe Gf making aQ the yeTS wet after it strongthis county. . ' the final 'settlement with Auditor of j JChairman Rudolph Davis and hw . state Robert L. Green, for the coun- A "total of 72,990 pounds of toassistants on the Publicity Commit- ty& taxek A little over $100,00'0 ' 0 wa D0d 0Sat the sateleea-nave penectea arrangements iorthe program to be "presented that afternoon. The program, as arranged,will present some interesting features. The principal address of the occasion will be delivered by Rev. J. B.Bush of Lexington, one -of the bestknown and most eloquent ministersin Central Kentucky, who has spokenin Paris before and proved his ability. Local speakers will also addressthe audience, which it is expected,will be one of the largest that hasgathered for a similar purpose inthis city for many months.Preceeding the meeting, which hasiheen set for 2:20 o'clock, the Lib-erty Drum and Bugle Corps will formin line and parade Main street returning to the Opera House. Thedoors of the Opera House will heopened at two o'clock. From 2:00to 2:30, when the program begins,the Grand Opera House Orchestra,under the, direction of Mr. EdwardVan Leeuwe, will render a programof patriotic and sacred (music. Theprogram to be rendered Sunday afrternoon at this meeting is as follows: ""Song Community ChorusInvocation Rev. F. M. TinderSong Community ChorusIntroductory Address. .B. M.DicksonAddress -. . . .By a Returned Overseas SoldierSolo . . . . Miss Mary ,Dan HarbisonAddress Rev. J. B. BushAddress :John T. CollinsSong.. .. N . .Community 'ChorusBenediction . . Rev. R. C. GoldsmithREDUCED PBICES ON OVERCOATSStill prevail. Your chance nowto pick up a bargain.J, W. DAVIS & CO.oNOTES PROM OIL HELDS.The Bourbon Oil and DevelopmentComnanv brousrht in a well on Block35 of the Comet sub-division, whichis showiner for 35 barrels.The Bdurbon Oil and Developmentr.nmnnnv'fi Nn 2 nn the Millie Free-man farm is due in to-day.. Thecompany has contracted with B. F.yWilson for nine- more wells on thislease. -The Co-operative Land and Development Company will shoot iths No.1 on the Heironymous lease in theBig Sinking district, which is showing for 25 barrels.wM.vH,r m- .v, ,.--. -WE KNOW H0WDon'tExperimentwithHats IRIT1CAL DRESSERS find our new styles inCJ Stetson Hats justand you are sureknow we carry a representative' line of Hats ofdifferent makes and a fine range of prices.We EmphasizeStetson Hatsbecause the tendency is all toward higher pricedhats, and we want you to know we caff give yousound values.' v-, Dr6p'inv4h next. time youre" passing by nd let usshow you these . Hats, r- .$&0f$10;Q0yI.VMITCHELL &SNettleton ShoesDf. Reed's Cushion Sole ShoesManhattan Shirts' Stetson Mats . ,.-(t,i.SHERIFF MAKES' SETTLEMENTt WITH STATE.. , ,Deputy Sheriff Ollie Marshall hasreturned irom an official visit towas Daid.into the State Treasury bySheriff -McClintock," I - Iwno received a ,quietusamount.from the State for theiiouroon county was uieinforty-seventh county to make finaland complete settlement of this kind.Sheriff McClintock also paid intothe county terasury approximately$135,000, settlement for which willbe madejin a few days with the comjmittee .appointed by the FiscalCourt for that purpose.oBEST QUALITY SEEDS.Highest quality Red Clover,A.Ilr Timnthu. QmA ntc?". "-"' " rCotton Seed Meal.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(feb-14-tf)DdUiLEHEADER BASKETBALLAT THE Y. TO-NIGHT.The girls' and boys' hasketballteams of the Paris High School andthe Winchester High School will(meet on the Y. M. C. A", gymnasium jnoor m tnisciiy io-ni&nt, xriuay,February 14, in a contest for supremacy. They have met before andthe rivalry is intense' enough between theiti to warrant the assertiontnat tne spectators win see two really good games. The struggles willhegin at 7:30 p. m.'Two games at the Y. M. C. A. arescheduled for next week, to be played on Friday night, February 21, at7:30 o'clock. These will be betweenthe girls' and hoys' teams of theMaysville High School and the ParisHigh School. The Maysville teamsare composed of good players, andParis will have to go some to takethe measure of bothteams.oCIVIL SERVICE EXAMINATIONSGovernment will hold RailwayMail Clerk examination, Kentucky,March 15. ?92 month. ExperienceunnecessaryMen 18 or over, desir-ing clerkships, write for free par-ticulars. J. u. Leonard, (rormei wmiService Examiner), 9 15TCuilrliiisr. Washington. D. CKenois,, i.---c7? -(4-2t)iINSURANCE.Fire, Tornado, Lightning,Automobile and Hail.YERKES & PEED.(janl4-tf) ,what they have in mind.of Stetson values, as youBLAKEMOREiBOURBON, FINALTOBACCO MARKET.The Independent House held agood sale yesterday when a total of'100,000 pounds of the weed wentunaer the auctioneer's hammer at-.rm . 7 on, n.,, ,-h ,,oe.7io,r w , -dk ovUCJLU J CQbl UJ UJ ItXAW UlUl LJXJH IVhacco Warehouse Conmanv. Thisquantity of the" weed brought a totalmoney amounting: to $40,026.42.making an average of $54.83. Thequaiity of tne offerings was poor.poorThe grade prices were strong.Someof the best crop averages follow:Letton & Carter, 3,560 pounds,average $67.68:Collins. & Taul, 1,325 pounds, average 60.12.Chambrelain & Garrett, 2,090pounds, average $40.39.Mrs. B. Fitzgerald, 2,700 pounds,average $51.71.Ardery & Offutt, 2,025 pounds, average $58.60.Collins & Butler Bros., 3,285pounds, average $50.59.Scott & Mahorney, 1,010 pounds,average $59.13.Buckner & Rankin, 1,320 pounds,average $71.20."Sam Ardery, 1,260 pounds, average $80.99.-Woodford & Henry, 3,255 pounds,average $56.48.Buckner & Rankin, 1,445 pounds,average $61.13.Link & Brown, 2,915 pounds, average $56.42. ,Poisal s& Derickson, 955 pounds,average $68.53.Clay & Roe, 4,175 pounds, average $'59.58.Gall & Columbia, 3,590 pounds, average $55.12. : 'Jijm Scott, 3,490 pounds, average$48.95.Buckner & Parker, 3,200 pounds,average" $71.92.Rowland & Poe, 3,335 pounds, average $69.97.Weathers Bros., '5,130 pounds, average $43.49.Ruthie Craft, 3,220 pounds, average $52.16. .McClincoCjk Sisters & Sapp, 2,660pounds average $60.59iJones & Carmondy, 640 pounds;average $45.18.Ardery & Gross, 1,595 pounds, average $58.36.- ' ''Ardery & Porter, , 2,175 pounds,average $43.99..T. W. CurrentljO pounds, average $57.00.Harney & Faulkner,-1,64 5 pounds,average $47.41.The Paris tobacco market wasstrong Wednesday, with an upwardtendency in prices. The quality ofthe offerings is fmproving, and themarket is higher than at any timeduring' the season, with competitionstrong and active. Neither the pinhooker or the small broker havemuch of a chance, owing to the active bidding of the- buyers representing the big tobacco manufacturers,and every basket disposed of reachesthe limit of the high dollar. Paxisis still maintaining its lead as oneof the best tobacco markets in theState and will 'continue to do so aslong as these good prices are realized, and the growers and handlersget the same kind of fair and equitable treatment they are getting hereat the local warehouses. vThe Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseColmpany, spld Wednesday morningat their sale a total of 48,525 poundsof tobacco for a money value of ?26,244.82, an average of ?54.08. Thebest average of the day's sale was$76.22, brought by a crop ofi 4,10pounds grown by Kilkey & Pence.Some of the best crop averages follow: Ritchie & Son, 2,365 pounds, average $ 31.42.George Small," 965 pounds, average $43.68.Caldwell & Taylor, 2,375 pounds,average $72.07. ' 'John J. Rice, 3,475 pounds, average $56.31.Gilkey & Pence, 4,610 pounds, average $76.22.Weathers & Shrout, 1,80 pounds,Average $64.77.Griffith Sisters & Caswell 1,625pounds, average $58.37.Judy & Lee, ,1,655 pounds, average $48.04. .John Taul, 2,655 pounds, average$68.10.Simms & Witt, 12,085 pounds, average $61.f0.Bedford & Webb, 3,255 pounds, average $59.18.At ' the Fayette Tobacco Warehouse in Lexington, Wednesday,Taylor & Day, of this county, sold acrop of 5,830 pounds of tobacco foran average of $61.97. At the Independent Warehouse, in the somecity,. Brooks & Snapp, of Bourbon,sold a crop of 15,040 pounds .of tofiacco for an average of $79.00, Atsame warehouse,Grimes & CharlesJTlDoyle, of Bourbon county, sold acrop of 6,845 pounds pf tobacco foran average of $70.44.CAIN WTLLPBOBATED., In. the .County Court the last willand testament' of Mrs. John Cain,Sr., who died at her home on Lilles-Lton avenue, in this city, some daysago, was adjmitted to prooate. Thetestdtor left all her estate, includingreal estate and personal property,-toh,er husBand, Mr.tJqhn (Pete) Cain,i-nji named him as' executor. Mr".Cam ai)Heared,-in Court and accentedI the frust, 'Qualfnyint hy furnishingtf&rVofedMji the snfn of frlf000v -. ?-HEAL ESTATE TRANSACTJOlWMr. ClarenceLebus is reported tohave bought the warehouses andresidences and land of the A. Kellerdistillery plant, with possession given on iuarcn l, ot an except the bottling room and warehouses in which,the wiskey is' stored. It is also reported that he purchased th.e LewisHunter distillery property at Lair.The H. Margolen fartn of fortyacres, located on the Ford's Mill pikenear Paris, which was sold last week:to J. W. Switzer, of Harrison county,"for $200 per acre, has been resojd atan advance. The sale was made byHarris & Speakes, of this city, whbrepresented the parties in both trans-actions. Mr. Robert Biddle, ofthis county purchased the farmfor $225 an acre. The pre4ic-tion has been made by real estate men that the farm Will changeownership again before March 1 at ahigher figure.A farm of thirty-five acres, located on the Lexington pike, nearHutchison has been sold to Mr. Robt.Meteer, of Hutchison, for $335 peracre. The land is a part of the Elm-endorf estate. The purchase wasmade from Mr. John Marshall, ofFayette county. The new purchasegives Ulr. Meteer a total of 195acres in that neighborhood. - rEals & Harney, real estate men ofCynthiana, sold to Mr. J. R. Blanks,tobacco buyer at Cynthiana the-farpiof Mr. George Wagoner, located onthe Paris and Cynthiana pike, nearTEwalt's Cross Roads, in this county,for $300 an acre, a total of $75,0.00for the 2J0 acres. 'The farm adjoinsthe lands of Mr. Joe H. Ewalt.The two-story brick residencej property on Pleasant street, in the .rear oi uttjei xsuivvs omce, Deionging:to Miss Nellie Fithian and Mrs. C.D. Webb, heirs of Dr. Jos. Fithian,has been sold, through Harris &Speakes, to Miller & Lillestoh, ofParis, for a price not given out forpublication. The home is at presentoccupied by Mr. and Mrs. AlbertMitchell and Mr. and Mrs. Thos. A.McDonald.Mr. and Mrs. Thos. F. Brannon,former residents of Paris, jnow residing1 in Lexington, have sold toMr. E. D. Rose, of Harrison county,their one-story frame cottage atiecorner of Nineteenth and Brentstreets, for $2,250. Mr. Rose andfamily will move to the place onMarch 1.The Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCompany has purchased, through theWalter Clark Real Estate Agencyrof this city, the following property,located on Main street, directly infront of their' large warehouses: Aone-story frame cottage from Mr.Thos. Woodall, for .$2,750; a vacantlot, adjoining- the Wopdall property'from Mr. Hatfield Bappert, for $500;from Mrs. Gillard Neal, a vacant lotadjoining the Bappert lot, on the.street leading- to the warehouse, for$400. 'the company will use theground in making wagon roads to, thewarehouses, and for other purposesAir. Roscoe CanmichaeL purchasedof Mr. William Burden, through theParissRealty Co., 'a tract of sixteenacres of land, with improvements, located on the Clintonvijle pike, nearParis, for a private price, Possjessioqawill be given on March 1, , ln o VHl'-CLABK BEAITY CO. MOVESOFFICE TO COURT HOUSE.Mr. Walter Clark has moved hiareal estate office to the County TaxCommiasloner's office in the basement ,of the Court House, where he is nw.open and ready for buiineaa. ' 'The Clark. Real Xatate Ageac?have on their lists, a n timber of verydesirable Bourbon farms, that theywill sell at attractive prices. Likewise they have many desirable houses and lots in P'aVis for sale at rea.-sonable prices. Possession on manyof these properties can be had omMarch 1, 1919.If you contemplate movingr to'Paris see Mr. Clark and buy a towhouse. You can sell later t-ar-prefltand save the rent. Call in andslookover our lists.CLARK REALTY CO.,(4-tf) . ' Paris, Ky.o- DEMAND FOR BUICKS.That there is an unprecedenteddemaid for Buick cars in this cityand county is. evidenced by the factthat a few days ago the C; S. BalLGarage had a shipment come in of 'three Buicks, all five-passenger ma- 'Ichines, none of which had been soldoeiore tneir arrival, iieiore tne cars .had been unloaded- all these hadfound purchasers. One was sold toMr. James Connell,- another to- Mr4 J. - rE. Flepiing- and -the third to- Mr Matt.Lair.r U QxdNCINNATt ABTIST TO MODELPATTERSON STATUE" C. H. Niehauss. Cincinnati-sculp'Ator, who madethe statue of Governor William Goebel, which stands be-fore jtjie Capitol at Frankfpiy, ha,been t selected by 'the University pf -KentuckyAlupani"' Committee" 'to ,"make, a statue of Dr Jamea K. Patterson, 'President Eemerltus of the"University. The statue 'is to be ofbronze. in a Bitting position and is tocost .$xo,000;IOCAL JttAK SUCCEEDED BY 1CAJC "?,EEOM CT.ATIK. r, , -" - ,-Charles B,. Stewart,, of Winchester, ,.will, go ibl'Htankfort the first .of TTOarch ta.Uegmis-duties as clerk lathe office- of CF. Thomas,, Insurance '.Commissioner of the Stater Stewart;wm- succeed j.n. . nwiuoa, pi iieru .,AiMWueiown, wno- reeim.ea io McoaeSecretary "of the Cooperative LtuLatfd Development Corapaay. of Paria.'jT7-Pr.2fV' -r I- vr -V-Vx -? .v-f"tNi4N.,ss""rc,1- Vr?AGE TWOTHE BOtERBON HEWS, PABIS, KENTUCKY,FRIDAY, FEBRUARY U, lilt'V. hTHEBOURBONNEWSIitoblished 188137 Years of Cons tinnou Publication' Published Every Tuesday and Priday,v Par Year.. $2.00 6 Montlis. .$1.00, Payable In Adavance.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.Entered at the Paris, s Kentucky.Potoffice as Mail Matter of -theSecond Class.)EDITORIAL MUSINGS.1 Gone Are the Days.""What has become of the old-fashionedcustom of sending valentines?" we heard asked of a Pariswoman the other day. Has it reallygone the way of other little courtesies that young pnen once showed tothe little misses who wore their hairin plaits down their backs?- Can yon not see the big lacey missive, with its cupid and hearts, thatHung in the show windows of thebook stores and the drug store? Howwer wanted it for HER the momentyou saw it and how you saved upyour pennies until you had enough toibuy it. You addressed it to her,printing her name in large, scrawling letters on the envelope, and thenfor fear your effort might make herdoubt the sender might really be successful, you put your initials down intha corner of the valentine itself."Valentine's Day was a day of realexcitement when you were a kid,but along with the other wonderfulintervals of childhood it has gone,and you wonder if young people really have the thrills to-day that youhaul in your youth.. Of. course they do, but the valentines somehow are different. If youdon!! believe it just take a look atthem in the windows of Paris stores.They are cold, cardboard affairs thatstand and smirk at you with no senresent to thejm at all. Nothing liketh gorgeous lacey filmy things thattook, the money you had been savingto buy marbles. To-day the onlyvalentine that really causes a thrillis a tirisp five dollar bill or a bunchof flue flowers right from the florists.As we grow older we come to realizemore and more that the best thingswere the illusions of our childuply? mm beiPeople Notice It Drive Them Offwith Dr. Edwards'Olive TabletsV iA: pimply face will not embarrass youmuch longer if you get a package of Dr.Edwards' Olive Tablets. The skin shouldbegin to dear after you have taken thetablets a .few nights.A Qeansethebiood,thebowelsandtheliverfrith Dr. Edwards Olive Tablets, the sue--cessfulsubstitute for calomel; there's never.aa?3ckness or pain after taking them.Dr. '.Edwards Olive Tablets do that- whick calomel does, and just as effectively,but their action is gentle and safe insteadf "severe, and irritating.No one who takes Olive Tablets isever cursed -with "a dark brown taste,"a bad breath, a dull, listless, "no goodfeeling constipation, torpid liver, badflKspositjeasoc pimply face.Br. E&nxds' Olive Tablets arepurely-' vegetable compound mixed1 mh olive oi& you will know themUf then olive color.JDr. Edwards speaT years among patients afflicted with liver, and bowelcomplaints, and Olive. Tablets are theimmensely effective resultr Take one or two nightly for a week.See how much better you feel and look,"3lend25cper.Jbox. All druggists.BRIGHTER. 9)tYE?INi&S?.. SK 1, 'Nothing adds to the pleasures-' "of ar home, or makes life more. worth living, than a well illuminated tyottse.ViseH Slectricityv . for CfdMingvlt's'the only satisfactory way.use Setsifrifeatiiig aid CookingIt'i the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix Yu UpFtr (ke Use tf BtthElectricity ui Git.DR. M. E. KING, Ml. D.t AndCHI-RO-PRAC-TORAnnounces The Removal Of His OfficeFrom 1809 WEST BROADWAYTo510 STARKS BUILDINGLouUvHJe, Ky.Office Hours 10 to 1 and 4 to 7.t Office Phone City 212.(14-3t)Executor's Notice!All persons having claims againstthe estate of J. T. Hinton, Sr., de-claims as required by law, and file. same at the ofllce of Hinton, Bradley& Bradley, Bourbon-AgriculatralBank & Trust Company, Paris, Ky.aii persons knowing themselves tobe indebted to the estate of J. T. Hinton, Sr., deceased, ,are requested tocall at the sajme ofllce and settle.W. O. HINTON,Executor of J. T. Hinton, Sr. Dec'd.(ll-3t)Attention, Farmers!U you need anything in the wayof Saddles, Collars, Bridles, Etc., Ihave the best money can buy andmake, at reasonable prices.If you want a watch, don't go to ablacksmith shop to buy it, and don'ttake your horse to a jeweler to gethim shod; always go to a mechanicand you. will get the best goods andit won't cost any more than cheapgoods.(28-lmo jf. KRIENER.PUBLIC SALEOFMares, CattleWe will sell at public auctiononSaturday 'Afternoon, Feb. 15, 19I&At 2:30 O'clock25 work mares, from 4 to 6 -years old, fresh from the country,sound and good workers.At the same time and place we will sell 40 extra good stockheifers, weighing'650 pounds. Also 100 good sheep- and 3 buck.In case of rain sale will be held in the barn.CAYWOOD & McCLINTOCK,GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer(ll-2t)PUBLIC SALEOFStock, lmplements,&cHaving sold my farm, I will sell at public auction on the premises,known as the Wyatt farm, 1 mile from Paris, on the North Middletownpike, onThursday, Feb. 20, 1919,beginning at ten o'clock, the following stock, crop, farming implements,etc:1 team mules, 6 and 7 years old; iteam mules, 8 and 9 years old ;1 seven-year-old horse, will workor drive anywhere ;1 four-year-old gelding, welt broken;1 work mare, in foal to jack;1 yearling poy broke for children;6 No. 1 Jersey cows ;2 Jersey heifers;1 white faced bull;5 calves; t4 brood sows;37 sheepdne to lamb in March;1 young Dnroc boar;45 shoats, will weigh about 60 poundseach;1 Black'Hawk corn planter;1 Big Four McCormick mower;eight-foot McCormick binder;1 Black Hawk manure spreader;1 tenhole Kentucky grain drill ;eight-foot double Colter packer;ten-hole Kentucky grain drill;1 Tiger tobacco setter;1 potato planter;1 bull rake;1 self -dump steel rake ;1 tandem double disc harrow;2 riding cultivators;1 spring trip walking cultivator;2 two-horse wagons;2 combination hay frames;3 steel beamplows;3 steel beam jointers;2 double shovel plows;Planet Junior 7-tooth -cultivators;1 one-horse turn plow; &1 fifty-tooth harrow;1 pond scraper;4 sets plow double trees;1 feed grinder for engine power;1 Papeete No. 13 Silo filler;1 ten-barrel water tank, pump andhose;1 galvanized water tank;1 Stewart sheep shearer;1 buggy;BURGOO.TERMS Made known on dayWanted.To buy 5 room cottage, electricity,bath. State best price, location, etc.CAPT. HUGtt CAMPBELL,115 Clark Street, Jeffersonville, Ind." (ll-4t)0. H. WIK0FFReal Estate and Live Stock Auctioneer the man who knows howExperience counts.Call Bourbon Tobacco Warehouseor address Box "566, Paris, Ky.(7-4t)FOR SALETwenty farm mares, 4 to 6 yearsold, fresh from the country.Thirty good jmules, 4 to 6 yearsold.For sale privately at our barns atthe stock yards.CAYWOOD & McCLINTOCK.'(31jan-3wk)For SaleI offer for sale privately my formerhome at 123 Fithian Avenue, Thisplace is well located and well Tvnilton concrete and stone foundation. Hasfive rooms, hall and bath all newlypapered, large attic, front and backporches, garage and other modernconveniences. Now ocupied by Mr.and Mrs. Thomas Dillon.J. J. VEATCH, -Home Telephone 320.(4-4t)and Sheep!at our mule barn in Paris, Ky.,.V.1 depot wagon ;1 rubber-tired break cart;2 sets buggy harness ;4 sets wagon harness ;Lot of plow harness;3 twelve-foot farm gates;2 tarpaulins;1 Planet, Junior- garden plow, andseeder; 1 large barrel spray for white washing and tree spraying; '2 small spray pumps;1 grindstone ;1 emery stone grinder;1 hand corn grinder;1 corn sheller;post hole diggers ;2 sets of fence stretchers;1 fence slatter;(40 rods of hog fence ;30 rods of 5-foot poultry fence;.Rock drills crow bars, sledge feam-mers, shovels, spades, hoes,, forks,etc.thirty-foot exxtension ladder j1 fifty-gallon lard kettle;l ten-gallon lard kettle;1 lard press ;1 large butter churn:X small butter churn ;1 Iso. 2 International Cream separator; 1 sixty-foot long fibre cable rope andpulley;1 fifty-foot long fibre cable rope andpulley; . .:2 large feed troughs;100 bushels of second' crop seed potatoes y(Five turkeys hens and gobblers ;JLot of Khode Island chickens;2 large ricks of hay; -" .15,000 tobacco sticks; JLot of baled straw;A number tf other articles usuallyfound on the farm, too numerous tomention.of sale., WANTED.i . .To rent home "near business section of Paris, in a desirable locality, suitable for a boarding house.Call or address, ,MRS. JOHN LAIR,Home Phone 3016, Paris, Ky.(7-tf)FOR RENT.Store room, fronting on Mainstreet in Masonic Temple.Single room, second floor, runningwater, elevator acommodations, foroffice use or living apartment.0. T. HINTON,Agt., Masonic Temple.Administrator's SaleOFHousehold and Kitchen Furniture and .Other "Personal Property.The undersigned administrator ofMay Moore, deceased, will, at 2o'clock, p. m., onSaturday, Feb. 15, 1919,at the residence of May Moore, on'High Street, Paris, Kentucky, between Sixth and Seventh Streets, expose to public sale a lot of household and kitchen furniture, including mahogany dresser, jmahoganychiffonier, mahogany sideboard,' mahogany serving table, mahogany dining table, six mahogany diningroom chairs; also lot of pictures, lotof silver, such as tea pots, breadtrays, etc.; also lot of cut glass,linens and table covers; also lot ofmusical instruments includingpiano, a beautiful victrola, guitarand mandolin; also stoves, rugs,mirrors, curtains, linoleums, kitchenutensils; also lot of jewelry, including two watches, rings and bracelets,and everything needed or required ina well-kept hqpne.There is also included a lot of oakfurniture, brass bed and springs, etc.All of this furniture Js in goodcondition.This is a splendid opportunity tothose desiring handsome furniture,linens, cut glass, silver, pictures,etc.Everything will be sold and thesale will start promptly at 2 o'clock,p. m., rain or, shine.Teiims made known on day ofsaleBOURBON AGRICULTURAL BANK& TRUST CO., jAdministrator of May Moore.TALBOTT & WHITLEY, Attorneys.M. F. Kenney, Auct.(7-XI-14)PUBLIC AUCTTwo DesirableHaving purchased alarger facm, I will sell at public auctain, at the- CbunfcHouse door in Paris,. Ky.,Saturday, Feb. 22, 1919two desirable suburban small farms, lying adjacent to the citr of Paris, either ofwhich will make a most desirable money maker for persons Backing for smalll farms.No. 1 Contains 7 Acres of Landlocated on Howard's Lame, just off Second Street, beyond the limits of Pars.. . Fiveacres of this land will grow tobacco, the remaining" two aiares is improved with anew tobacco barn and t&ree good rent houses. The landi is well i watered and willmake an ideal little home.' xNo, 2 Contains, 14.94 Acres of Good, Deep Soillocated on' the Georgetown pike, in the edge of Paris,, and adjoining the land of -Mr.Lee Cox. This small farm is unimproved, but has some good tobacco land, andthexremainder will raise most anything it is planted in. ThefeiVa large frontage, on the pike to this small tract of land, making it most durable either as a cultivating farm or for the purpose of sub-dividing and seljing off in smallertracts.Terms.s . '. One-third cash upon delivery of the deed, the balance in one and two years,deferred notes to bear' 6 per cent interest. ,' ' ' lTBIWANTEDWanted at once, a good farm hand,by the month.CHARLTON ALEXANDER.Cumberland Phoae 135.Paris, Ky.(4-tf)arPUBLIC SALECYPRESS STREET RESIDENCE.Having located in Boston, W. T.- Clark has placed rn our handsto sell at public auction xTUESDAY, FEB. 18, AT 2 P. M.on the premises, 1426 Cypress Street, his attractive two-storybungalow. It has sir rooms, front and back porch, bath complete, electric lights, gas and splendid cellar.Lot 50x150 feet running back to a 15-foot alley.This is a complete, up-to-date home, admirably located .'andmust be seen to be appreciated.TERMS-Made known on day of sale. ' ' "(7-11 i4Feb) HARRIS & SPEAKES.Executrix's SaleFour HousesThe undersigned executrix of James H.. Haggard, deceased,willr at the Court House door in Paris, Kentucky, onSaturday , Feb. 15, 1919expose to public sale four houses and lots, as-follows:First Five-room house and lot on the- iSast side of VineStreet, between Duncan Avenue and the railix)ad, adjoining theproperty of Ashurst and others.Second Two houses and lots on the East side oi? Virginia Avenue, one containing four rooms and- the other threerooms. These two houses and lots adjoin one another and adjointhe property of Cain and others.Third The third is a house on the West side of VirginiaAvenue and containsNfour rooms and adjoins' the property of Ed.AH of-the above described four houses andi lots-are situated insplendid sections of Paris and are convenient to the business- section of the cityr and all four of said houses are-rented.This is a splendid opportunity to get good homeswell located.Ther is fereat demand for small houses aad lots in Paris atthe present time, but they axe hard to find. "The sale will! start at 11 o'clock and the property will sell,rain, or shine, so look this property over and be ready to bid on iLTerms-Made known on day of sale.M. F. KENNE1V Auctioneer.(Feb7-3t)or-at eleven, o'clock a. m., onDR. J. A.Furs and HidesWe pay highest price's for iroa,hides, junk and wool.. MUNICH & WTOES & CO.,Eighth St., Paris, Ky.,' Comb. Phone 374.(23-tf)OFand Lots!NANNIE J. HAGGARD,EXECUTHiX,IONSmall Farm!&GILKEYj&tiM. F. KENNEY, Auctioneer.PARISH KENTUCKYParis Gas & Electric Co., iEofratti"fis! .'v-'Jyftv"'tT7-K N - - p ?v N &. S?-A- WHeeler's -ntiia,i fBBflBfl BBBBk BBBBv BBBs BBBSi BSBBJ BSaBS .tL. BBBBj BsBBBBSs BSBa .bLH LLm BLLk H bA bH LH Lm bLbV H bB LH B A 1 M Bl JH Hi HHi IHL B B lt I I II I III I HI I I ml II I' I BBm Hf H -H I II M H H H H I Hi I IhI IHH II H k I&GOODS DELIVERED WITHIN ARADIUS OF 35 MILES.GOODS DELIVERED WITHIN ARADIUS' OF 35 MILES.BEGINS FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 14thIn announcing our Spring Opening Salewe are justifiably proud of the magnificent showing we have assembled for this important event, the one opportunity ofthe whole year to save in House Furnishings. We are going to make this sale a bigger and better sale than ever before, bigger 'by volume and better from a view pointof value giving. Our stocks represent a broader and more complete selection than ever before. Every requirement for the modern American home is provided for atprices thut spell real economy. ' 'Our Spring Opening Sale is an annual affair inaugurated that we mayget ahead of the rush and hurry of the busy Spring months. In so much as the sale onlyconcerns tne mercnanaise now on nana we urge you to mane eariy selection. . i ne aiscoums mean a saving or on io tu per cent. ,f. ....,..Bed Room SuitsA beautiful Bed Room Suit of genuine American walnut, consisting of a chiffonier, a largeroomy dresser, a very attractive be'd and a tripleplate mirror toilet table, all designed in a periodpattern, a value worth $160.00,Spring Opening Price x$122.00 .A handsome Bed Room Suit, consisting of alarge vanity dresser, a chiffonette and bed, beautifully finished in a deep dark antique mahoganyand designed in the graceful period of -"QueenAnne," a value worth $195.00,Spring Opening Price$159.50Space prevents us from describing the manynew and attractive things we are showing, butyou will be surprised to see, the large stocks weare carrying and the very low prices we are asking you to pay.Rugs and Linoleums9x12 Tapestry Brussells Rugsworth $25.00x SPRING OPENING PRICE9x12 Tapestry Brussels Rugsworth $30.00SPRING OPENING PRICE9x12 Tapestry Brussels RugsVorth $35.00SPRING OPENING PRICE$16.00$21.009x12 Axminster Rugs worth $45.00SPRING OPENING PRICE . . .$26.00$33.00'9x12 Axminster Rugs worth $55.00 A9 Cft ISPRING OPENING PRICE t4rDU 4All other Rugs at the same rate of reduction.A splendid grade of printed Linoleumworth $1.35 yard QQ JSPRING OPENING PRICE OC J CI.A very high quality of Printed Linoleum, worth $1.60 yard 1 3ft wdSPRING OPENING PRICE $lOU JUmAll other grades at same rate of reduction.sLibrary TablesWe are showing a number of pretty Library Tables at popular prices. Wemention a pattern like the picture shown here, finished in mahogany or goldenoak, has 42 inch top and drawer with platform below, a value worth $16.50,Spring Opening Price $11.00, There are many other patterns in Colonial or in the period designs that willbe sold at twenty per gent reduction.Upholstered Fibre Rush RockersWe will show during this sale many very attractive Fibre Rush Rockers, upholstered in high grade tapestry in seat and back, with loose cushions, and amongthem we mention a pattern as shown in the picture, a splendid value at 14.50,SPRING OPENING PRICE$8.75"The Richmond" Kitchen CabinetThe Richmond is a large solid oak Cabinet with double cabinet doors, hassliding metal work top, a complete set of glass cannisters, an elevatedmetalflour bin and a complete cupboardapartment below with sanitary sliding shelfand netal bread box, a'value well worth J$36. 00, 'Spring Opening Price $27.5(fWe a)so carry the famous "Sellers" and Hoosier Cabinets.Ibe red'u'ced-also during our Spring Opening Sale.These willBBBBBBBBBJBHJf . BBmMany others of a larger type with high backs that will go in this sale at. one-fourth off.ii w m vi i IM jA Splendid DiningRoom Suit in aPeriod DesignA very .handsome Dining RoomSuit patterned in the period ofWilliam and Mary, made of genuine mahogany and consists of avery large buffet, the high baseChina with double doors, 'the 54inch table with six very attractive, chairs with brown "or "blueleather seats. This is only oneof the many new and attractiyeSuits we are showing, a value.regular at 290.00SPRING OPEN- $OQQ CAING PRICE p&0OUkKKsresiiIBBBBsi ""-' 'Quality Coal Ranges 'There will never be abetter time to save money on that coal range yoahave been'needing than during ourJSpring Opening Sale.We show a compleie department filled with the very best coal rangesmanufactured, the all.cast iron kind that will last a lifetime.THESE HAVE A PRICE BEGINNING AT$65.00AND UPWARD TO' $115. MtThese are'subject to 20 per cent discount during.this aale. "'" .Baby's Comfort While ShoppingiTake, baby for a ride in the sunshine. It makes them stout andhappy.We are showing a complete line of Street Sulkies in metal orreed or perhaps a real carriage you need for him. We carry a complete assortment of styles, sizes and colors.The Reduction will Save You 20 Per CentSoft Coal HeaterWinter is not over yet You will need aHeater, and we are not going to carry overany coal heaters, so we have reduced theprice to make themmof e. ,The savings on heating stoves mean aSaving 25 to 30Kroehler's FriendDuofold t.- vBed, A handsome Kroehler's Duofoldbed made with the one motionspring, which quickly opens withone'operation and which hold afull weight felt mattress. Thispattern is finished in deep darkmahogany and has broad rolledarms. A regular value at $65.00.SPRING OPENING .PRICEBuy it-tiow' even if you will1 hot need' ituntil next winter.Darling's HotHeaters$52.00Blasts1n I -J iDarling and Baker's Hot Blast Heateisare made in several styles and will hold fireover night.If you .want to heat from oneto fdurrooms a Darling will do it nicely.There may be other Hot Blast Heatersjust as good butThere Are None Better !Massive OakBiiffetA massive Buffet made of Solid selectoak finished in a deep fumed finish,' has longmirror over top and lined silver jitlrawer, along linen drawer and cmnpleteiapartxaentfor diaheB. - sjiit"-.'A VALUED WORTH $57Spirlfif .Optnlnf Prlct' $42.75stlCOParisAi Fi WHEELERKentuckyCourt HouseFURNITUREOooosite ..&s N'-"THE BOUlIoif ' ' M3-i'. ' -------- -- .. , 7-.taxes, MrueK?wv &wn&FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1919.-aV" "VIETTEB FROM. PARISIAN IN' WASHINGTdK CITY;.Mr. Jegse C. Owens, of Paris, recently connected with the M. J. Murphy Transfer Co., and later with theCumberland Telephone Co., ordersTHE NEWS sent to him at Washington, D.T3., where he is now stationed.la his letter to THE NEWS Mr.Owens, says, in. part:"This is sure some swell city, andtherelis so much to see and such opportunity to learn jsqmething. thatone hardly knows what to- see first.As I hODe to be here nermanentlv. Tsuppose there will be plenty of time I ?ents J?J adult? ,and tweilty-fto see a jrreot i of tiio r-oioi "r children will be chargedthe nation.' . . .1 have a. e-ood nosition ... Co1- George Bain, says of Miss-orifh Vi -ntroT. i.'r.i, t...w,,. -.. Slade: Miss Virginia Slade is anhonor to her. profession and to theGIFTED READER A$J) fflPERSOff-ator to Appear here.Superintendent Lee Kirkpatrick,of the Paris Public Schools, has completed arrangements for the appearance here on the evening of Thursday, February 20 of one of the inosttalented readers and impersonatorson the platform to-day, Miss Virginia Slade, of Lexington. MissSlade will give a program of readingsand impersonators in character atthe Paris High School Auditoriumfor the benefit of the school kindergarten. An admission of thirty-fivecents for adults and twenty-five cents"With, the War TMrV, Tncuranpo "Rnreau, and like the work verv much.There is a move on foot to allow allplatform. She is natural and impres-Federal employees a bonus of $360 a sive- Her reading is genuine art andyear, which we hope to get by July her Personality is very attractive.jL. Ul coursevwe hnrw it will rnme. . " 10 L" mu tuitt readies me-v .. .... VV... Vyas living expenses are very high,.here A new building is beingtop."Mr. Enoch Grehan, head of the De-completed for the special purpose of .P&rtment of Journalism of the Uni-imio;n n u.n'u - ttt- tii t versitv of TCentiiP.Trv nnH rtrnimoffnv nuuaiu ui uKMjwca ui iue will xvisjl i .T. " Z rf .v...wx Insurance Bureau, and we expect to critlc for the Lexington Herald,b moved to it by the first of March. ,says: "To emphatic native talentI have been transferred twice Miss Slade, adds the appealingsince I came here and may get an- i qualities of pleasitfg personality,other one soon. Am now in the in-ifra'nk. ingenious understanding ofsurance department Have been sof ner subject, and a . dramatic finishbusy, that I have not had time to lo-! and force of great amplitude. Her.cate anv of the Paris? neonle who are happy outlook on life leads her in---- i -- ... . . ...stmcuveiy toward numor, m wnicnout here, but hope to eret five days"holiday soon, and will then ,try tofind some of them. . . .Have talked toCongressman Campbell Cantrill overthe phone, butxhave not had a chanceyet to call on him. I will attend ameeting of the Kentucky Club sometime this month, and may meet someof the Paris people there .... Givemy best regards to all thethe office, and don'tthat paper. My address isment 31, No. 122Z TwelfthN. W., Washington, D. C."field of interpretation I believe sheis destined to be eminent."The Stanford Interior-Journal hasthe following to say of Miss Slade:"The recital given at the OperaHouse last evening by Miss VirginiaSlade was a treat that people wholive in the smaller towns do not fre-boys in ' Quently enjoy. Miss- Slade is a verytorget ; uua.rnuug reauer, ana sne was ut nerA" X T--kC- lff -M ncl Oil . in WAV A4-n K JSApart-Street,PUBLIC SALEOFbest last -night. She is very easy andgraceful on the stage and is ever andanon the mispress of the situation, itmatters not how difficult her role.Already an artist of rare ability andstill n Imrd Rtiirtent PTPnt thinere n-ra, 0 Qin siore ior me young woman wnomade friends of all who heard her."Desirable Residence!If not sold -privately before hand,I will offy at public auction, onTuesday, February 25, 1919,at' 10:30 a. m., my very desirablehome," located on corner of Main andTwelfth Streets, in Paris, Ky. Thishome should be seen to be appreciated. For further particulars, addressF. P. WALKER,(14-4t) Eminence, Ky.PUBLIC SAEE OJ DESIRABLE CYPRESS STREET HOME.One of the most attractive homesin the residential poftion of the cityof Paris is that of Mr. WallaceClark, on Cypress street. Havingmoved to Boston, Mass., to reside,Mr.Clark will sell this home at public auction on the premises, on Tuesday afternoon, February 18, at twoo'clock. The sale will be conductedby. Harris & Speakes, with Col. Geo.D. Speakes as auctioneer. Here is anexcellent ojjortunity to get a toiod-ern, commodious, well-arrangedhome.",-gSQLippiOlJS ,OJ,;gESPECX.The following resolutions of respect, to the memory of the late Jno.T. Hinton,-fonfcer Mayor of Paris,who died aVtfiis. home in this city recently, were, adqpted by the Men'sBible Class of the Paris Christianchurch, of which Mr. Hinton 4iadbeen a valued member for .years:Resolutions On the Death of BrottferJohn T. Hinton, Sr., Adopted bythe Men's Bible Class of 'The ParisChristian Church, Sunday, February 9, 19.19. - .WHEREAS. Almierhtv God in Hisinfinite wisdom has called from thisjeartn to tnat land of peace and joyaoove, tne spirit of our brother, andco-worker in the- Master's cause,Brother John T, Hinton, !Sr., thusdepriving us; and his loved ones 'ofhis example of cheerfulness andbrotherly love and of his never failing nor faltering faith in God, therefore be it resolved by the hiembers ofthe Men's Bible Class of the ParisChristian Church:1 ThatN jn his going we have lostoneof the most loyal members of ourBible Class. One who was alwava inhis place in the class room, unlessprevented by sickness or other unavoidable occurrence. One who wasever ready with his labor, his counsel and his means to assist us in anyor ine errorts tnat we have made toserve our Master and our fellow man.2. That his position and his influence for good among us was of suchprominence 4that we as a class and asindividuals have suffered so great aloss that at this time it is impossible to correctly estimate.3. That words are inadequate toexpress our sympathy for his widow,his sons and other loved ones in thissad hour, when they have had to sayfarewell to one who was ever readywith his ' wise counsel" in the problems of life, with his deep sympathyin the time of trial and his practicalapplication of the great principles ofChristian faith and devotion.4. That these resolutions be madea part of our class records and a copysent to his widow and to eachof hissons and -local papers.Respectfully submitted,P. J. McCORD,A. B. HANCOCK,J. W. BROWN,Committee.x:. MATRIMONIAL.BRANNOCK STAMPERMiss Louise Brannock, daughterof Mr. and Mrs. W. E. Brannock, formerly of Paris, and now residing inHarrison county, was married inLawrenceburg, Indiana, recently toMr. Hiram Stamper, of that city.The bride, who is oniy seventeen.years old, has been a student at theMillersburg College. On account ofthe youthfulness of the couple therehad been parental objections to themarriage. Last Sunday night when,the two left in a machine ostensiblyto attend cnurcn at Benson, in Harrison county, they continued to Cincinnati, thence to Lawrenceburg,where the imarriage ceremony l wasperformed..TtfRANK& eo. rLADFES OUTFITTERSATTEND THE CLARK SALE ONTUESDAY, FEBRUARY 18: -In this issue of THE NEWS' appears thedisplay advertisement ' dtMr. Wallace Clark, announcing thesale of his handsoVne home on Cypress street, to be conducted, on thepremises on Tuesday afternoon, February 18, at two o'clock, under' thedirection of Harris & Speakes. Thehome is one of the most complete inthe city, with a lot 50x150 feet, running back to a fifteen-foot alley.Give ThemPublic Sale of tilleston Ave. CottageHaving rented a farm and expecting, to move to it March 1, I willsell atpublic auctionl' Tuesday, February 18, 1919AT 2:30 O'CLOCK, f .i on the premises on Lilleston avenue, my cottage, containing five rooms,front and back porch, presses, bath, electric lights, cistern, necessary outbuildings, barn and good garden. ,Lot 60x150 feet more or less.This is a desirable cottage, located in a good neighborhopd.TERMS Made known on day of sale. 'DORY SCOTT.For particuclars call HARRIS & SPEAKES.(14-lt)DON SUNGEgg Laying Tabletsif they don't lay THENthey're RoostersOBERDORFERThe DruggistChange ofAgencyWe have taken the agency forThe FrankfortCreameryand are nowREADY TO BUYYOUR CREAMand! promise to give you alwaysthe highest market price and anortCfn1ii4-A onnnwA 3snl VX7" -an4.All members of Paris Chapter No. T 4,wlc, . "1UD -15, are urged to attend the called satisfy you, or else cannot expectS?iSlfht,i. FridaK. feb- 14- your continued patronage.Business of importance foV transac-W. C. SNAPP. Hiffh Priest? BllSV DM CSll StOffiJOE. H. EWiALT, Secretary. ' febl4-4w)GET OUR PRICES FIRST.Do not buy anything in theClothing line until you get myprices.L. WOLLSTEIN,tf Clothing Department.We Are Now Showing-Early Spring ModelsA,-INa$rH1CONEEDERATE PENSION ROLLttETS THIRTY NEW NAMES.Thirty new names have heen addedto the Confederate pension roll ofthis State since the last payment ofpensions was made. Fifty nameshave been stricken from the roll, thepensioners having died. The newpensioners are in most cases widows.Among them is Amanda Watson, ofParis.NOTICE TO MASONS.EVENING pRESSES :DINNER DRESSES ySPRING SUITS.SPRING COATS ':.';r," DolmansCapes '0ee.de Chene and Voile Blouses- . - Skirts '- :. ' -'FRANK & CO:. . LADIES' OUTFITTERS- MThe News Job Department is Always Busy."There's a Reason." Work Done Right!9 r- x 1 n w ' ' IAllTobaccoLandPUBLIC SALEof 255 Acres of theAllTobaccoLandBEST TOBACCO LAND ON ELKH0RNIn Scott County&pn Saturday, February 15th, at 10 A. M., on the Premises;The farm it known a the Holdcraft Stock Farm, located about five miles from .Georgetown,, on the Georgetown and Stamping Ground turnpike, and adjoins' i'!siColonel Ed Smith's farm. The farm will besubdiyided into' three tracts, as follows:- x ' ' .- '" -TRACT NO. 1; i comprises 11 acres, nai a ren-room coiomai dfick nome in nrst class repair, and one ot the best in Scotjt County; has two servants' houses, ice house, hen housejnieat house, two feed Barnt, aften-acre tobacco, barn, stock scales, with pens attached for all grinds of stock; this tract is etra well watered by two living springs andjtjvb'pools. One hundred acres of this tract is virgin soil and of course in old bluegrass Tne balance twenty acres is in timothy and clover. This tract lie on-Elkhorn. " 4., - i - , . ..: - '" " '' - - ' TRACT NO. 2 ' " ' :Comprise. 80. acres, ha. fur-room bungalow, with outbuildings, a ten?acre, tobacco barn; twenty acres'in woodland (ash and walnut), balance, in arass and in'B v v.M,ww... ..- -r .. ... ,rw nMWu M .wuu. uvcrjfmrcwm grow ineDeit topacco.B . i:.:(::;t -?ju v- f M;? , TRACT N0.i;:3B;-j -i ... .JOvf v,- ? m-;., . TRACT MO-3',, ; ' "Z :?.:,.Comprise. S5. acre on it aten-acebacco barn, twentr acre, iwoodlahash an4,walnut),Jen are. iiia biuegrasillahceicfcr THiliccoland. ' " ' -"; - "ll '-' - . - . ! .' ... ' r' .y. -...VT!. ...;'J. . Sl , ; t-5 'U"After.wUing the above tracts, separately, we will then offer them as a whole md "accept the bid or bids that will realize tfe sreatestsum. : -vT 2V."- "'rM After-sellingjj If you are looking for a good farm and one that iswell located and has been plowed less than, any farm in Scott Ctenf y, you want to attend' this sWe.?i TERMS Liberal ancrmade; known on day of sale. . n '" " f ' . '. ,. ; i t z z.j? "v-.: - - . -y , - -BOLIVAR BOND, Auctioneer, ,! , Versailles, Ky.-$'K i CLEVEi and WBJCKER1iS-( 'nKJrnmiv-'fv"yV1-?v!rStL-0.Vt) . i-vJSr" - 5.tezry- .'V.y fft1?vwvt.;s.FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1919sTHE BfUNt..?.P , .-Pinit,-wVJJP'.? 4$i?ifajw (FOR THE BESTi- NOTHING ELSEBEST QUALITY SEEDS.Highest quality Red Clover,Alsike,, Timothy, Seed Oats,Cotton Seed Meal.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(eb-14-tf)f- oSAVE HALF THE COST AND HAVEBETTER POOD.SOCIAL AM) PERSONAL.Comings and Goings-of Our, People Here, There andElsewhere,S. Starks, of Midway, isTry French Fried Potatoes cookedwith Serv-Us shortening. They tastedifferent and you save half the cost.(It). 1 o 'CUSTOM TALLOBED CLOTSES 'Our -spring display is ready,tfany novel patterns are included.J. V. DAVIS & CO.oBAPTIST LADIES TO, HAVE SALET0-M0RB0W. ,-Buy something for your Sundaydinner from the Baptist ladies. Saleat Mrs. Cornie Baird's room on Main-Istreet, Saturday morning at 9:30o'clock.oU. I). C. MEETING.There will he a regular meetingof the Richard Hawes Chapter, United Daughters of Confederacy,"" in theConfederate room in the court houseat 2:.30 to-jmorrow (Saturday) afternoon! Business of importance. ""Allmembers urged to attend foHltST OF THE SEASON FIT FORA KING.1 Airs. R. s. Starks, of Midvisiting her sister, Mrs. Emilfc- Parker, at her li&ne on Main streetsMr. Wm. G ATpniiTitint fcobeen in Atlanta, Ga., several daysthis week on a business mission.Miss Louise Crojmwell has returned to her home in Cynthiana af-iv" ficttcrtiii. viait io i'aris irienas.Miss Patsey Clarke has returnedto her home in this city from a visitto relatives and friends in Philadelphia, Mrs. J. P. Hanley has returnedtor her home in Louisville, after avisit to Mrs. Denis Dundon,"on Houston avenue.Mr. John." Crombie has returnedto his home in Cynthiana after a Visitto his daughter, Mrs. T. Hough, onSouth Main street.Mr. and Mrs. Carter N. Martinleft Wednesday for Jacksonville,Florida, where they will remain therest of the winter."-Mrs. Douglas Thomas has. returned to her hopne in this city aftera visit to her daughter, Mrs. FrankP. Walker;, in Eminence.Mr. 'Wallace W. Mitchell,. Cashier of the Farmers' and Traders'Bank, of Paris, has returned from a.trip to points in Florida.Mrs. George Toohey und littledaughter. .Elizabeth, have eone toChicago 'for a Visit to Mrs. Toohey 'smother, Mrs. Elizabeth Noms.Mrs. John Berkeley has returned to her home in Greensburg, Pa,,after a visit to her uncle and aunt,Mr. and Mrs. T. D.- Berkley, nearParis.Mr: Kenneth Alexander, ofWoodford county, lately returnedwere striking the hour, ancfc spedawayfto, their homes. t 'Mrs. William P. Arder?. oft Paris.is at the bedside of her mother. Mrs. II. J, Spencer, who has been ill at herhome in Lexington. Mrs. Spencerwas slightly"imprdved yesterday,v Miss Dazv. Moore Porter, of theParis High School faculty, returnedvesterdav from Lexinsrton. whereshe was called by the death of hermotner, -which occurred last Saturday. Mibs Porter resumed her duties in the Paris High School.Air. Tnpmas nenry uiay, jr.,who has been seriously ill for sometime 'with heart trouble at his country home, near Paris, was reportedyesterday as remaining in a criticalcondition. His sister, Mrs. FrederickA- Wallis, has arrived from NewYork, and his daughter, Miss Elizabeth .Clay, from Cincinnati, whereshe has been attending school, to beat his bedside. TVIf. Clay is one, ofthe most popular of the younger business men of the county, and hashundreds of frfends who hope he maypull through a victor.n -jOzLe of the social events ;of theValentine'season, which means theprwnine- and errine of St. Valentine'sday, and which happens to fall onthis good day, Friday, jFebrtfary 1-4,will be a dinner given'at the Windsor Hotel, in this city, at eighto'clock this evenHng-by the businessmen of the county, in honor, of thetobacco brokers and buyers who areoperating on the Paris market. Thefollowing invitations to tne eventwere sent out a few .days ago:"You are invited to a dinner atthe Windsor Hotel, in Paris, Ky.,Friday,-February 14, 1919, at eighto'clock p. m. " -"Committee Jos. M. ,Hall, SaimClay, Edward Burke, N. Ford Brent,A. B. Hancock, Charlton Clay, SimP. Harding, Henry Caywood, JamesL. Dodsre. John T. uoinns, uan vvm:tm'4jWINTER' )U .i.iClearance SaleSuitSj--tJoatH. Brasses ;: ' , :jI " -' i ;.N IVI 1and MillineryJowl and greens, good enough forthe most critical. Phone in your orders, i(It) C. P. COOK & CO.o ,PUBLIC SALE OF TJLLESTON AV-ENTJEJDOTTAGE.Attend the sale of the Dora Scottcottage on Tuesday at 2:30 p. m. Abeautiful and modern cottage. Seeadvertisement on another page.See Harris & Speakes for particulars. y (It)i: 0-;FOR FIRST-CLASS COAL CALLTEMPLIN LUMBER CO.If you want first-class coal, try aload frojmTEMPLIN LUMBER CO..Cumberland Phone 711,(14-tf) Home Phone 510.o -WEAPON CARRIER ARRESTED.from overseas service, is -a guest of) Peed, James Caldwell.t nt ix i j- u-xr T-v,.x i I O-Mr. Charlton Clay at "Marchmont,"n.ear Paris. 'rMiss Mabel Hill, of Louisville,is a guest of ner sister, Mrs. i. a.Purnell, on Vine street. Mrs. Purnell is recovering from a serious illness of pneumonia.Miss-Anna Louise White, who isntlendinff Hamilton Colleee. at Lex-'ington, will spend the week-end withher parents, Mr. and Mrs. FrankWhite,, near Paris.rMrs. Katherine Davis Craig,who has been a patient at the MassieMemorial Hospital, for two weeks,was able to be removed to her "homeon High street, Wednesday.Mrs. Charles P. Mann will undergo an operation- at Norton Infirmary, in Louisville, by Dr. LouisFrank, former Parisian. Mr. Mannwill accompany her to the Infirmary.Sanford Interior-Journal: "Mr.W. O. S.cott, of .Paris, has been athcne with his mother, Mrs. SallieScott Mr. A. W- Sampson was aguest of his sister in Paris, severaldays this week."Mr. Cleveland Weaver, who hasbeen1 a patient af the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, sufferingwith uraemic poisoning, has. beenremoved to the home of his mother,in Ruddles Mills.Mr. Lee Deaver has returnedREPORT OF CARR SALEAuctioneer George. D. Speakes, ofthe firm of Harris & 'Speakes, of thiscity, conducted the sale on the premises, the H. D. Campbell farnr-, onthe Jackstown pike, near Paris,Wednesday, of the livestock, crop,etc.. belonging to Mr. J. w: Carr.Sheep sold for from ?1.50 to $16per head; shoats from $ to $o.ova head; corh sold for $8 to $8.70 perbarrel in the crib; fodder brought55 cen-ts per shock; chickens sold for85 'cents each.Mr Carr will move from the Cajmpbell farm to the W. 0. Butler farmon the Bethlehem pike, which he recently purchased. xHARRYM224-228 West Main St., Lexington, Ky;Main Street, Pans, Ky.1 'For SaleIn tile County Court yesterdayCounty; Judge George Battertorr imposed ' fine of $50, and a jail sentence of ten days 6n Robert Davis,colored. Davis, who claimed residence in South Carolina, was"frisk.oiV Tiv fhA flrrpsttTie' officer. Patrolman Judy, who found .a wicked look- j from Winchester, where he has beening revolver m tne negro's pocKei.oWHAT'S AN ORDINANCE?Never was the disregard of a cityntvliTi'jnnk t-p fn rA i n p- the narkiiiE" ofautos on Main streetso vividly ilusitrated tnan it was yesieraay. inecars were standing on both sides ofMain street, some of i them havingbeen there for hours. In one blockyesterday afternoo-n THE NEWScounted fifteen cars standing unattended on the streets, while on othersquares the ratio was a little bithigher. What's an ordinance for,anyway? What do they care aboutit?One '6-foot glass counter case, andtwo interchangeable Selves, .plateelass top. Will sell at a bargain.014-3 1) DR. W. R. FRANKLIN.SATURDAY SPECIALS AT CASHAND CARRY GROCERYFancy .creamery butter, 50 centsper oounds, put up in quarter poundprints. Choice Northern potatoes,40 cents per peck. Standard canegranulated sugar, 10 cents perpound. '-'..See my line of fresh fruits, apples,oranges, bananas, , grape fruit,lemons, etc Cqme to the Red Frontopposite the court house. 'MRS. ELLIS'(It) Cash and' Carry Grocery.. O- rA CHANCE TO MAKE GOOD INVESTMENT. Anvnne lookiner for a good investment cannot do better -than to attend-the public sale to be held in frontof the court house door in Paris, KyvSaturday, Feb. 22. Dr. J. A. Gilkeywill, at. that time and place, offerfor saleat public o'utcry two nicemn fnrmR xceii-located near Paris,and very desirable proDerty. . Readthe display' advertisement' in thisissue describing, the property, and-attendthe sale. . (7-ot) .. i o--2 ""r " ''"BABY SWAIXOWS SAFETY PINeTu?n.jreri for several weeks in receiving and rehandling severalthousand pounds of tobacco for LouisMussinon, of Paris.The Missionary Circle No. 4 ofthe BaDtist church will hold a saleof edibles in the store room of Mrs.Cornie Watson Baird, on Mainstreet, to-morrow, Saturday, February 15. They invite the patronageof the public. '' Cynthiana Democrat: "Mr. andMrsC Loney Ingels have moved toCynthiana from Paris to resideMr. and-Mrs. W. J. Calvert and Mr.and Mrs. Clyde Calvertr of Paris,were recent guests of Mr. and Mrs.W. G. Schwartz." j- Mr. and Mrs. B. C. O'Neill, ofCincinnati, are guests of Mr andMrs. Chas. Whaley, at their home onthe North Middletown pike, nearParis. Mrs. Whaley recently returned from a visit to her brother, Mr."Joseph Redmon, at tLatonia. , -;, ,rmTMrs. W. P. Mansfield is very ft)!at the home of her daughter, MrsUThos Kiser, with influenza andpneumonia. AIL of her family are.here with her. Mr. and Mrs. JohnMansfield arrived from Ontario, California Wednesday nignx.Mr. Robert Baldwin, of Grahapi,Va., and James Baldwin, of Yeager,West Virginia, who were called hereby the serious illness, of their sister,Miss Mattie Baldwin, have returnedto their respective homes. Miss.Baldwin is greatly improved.OpenirigtfewOfficeDr. M. J. Stepi announces theopening of his new offices in Suite205, First National Bank Building,Paris, on next -Monday. February18th. v ' (14-lt)ALL GRADES QPTOBACCO COTTONSold At-For Sale.I offer at private -sale the gentles!and best family mare in Bourboncounty; good driver; splendid chancefor anyone wishing: to buy a gentlemare. vMRS. NELLIE S. HIGHLAND.(14-tf) 'For SaleWavinsr leased my fafm and movedto town, ,1 offer at private sale aSOllQ miUW&ivuj !., w---..olarge sideboard, serving table, dining table: one-half dozen chairs,.and china closet,.MRS. NELLIE S. HIGHLAND.(14-tf) - ; . VSJflkMTliWANTED.Three experienced Npaste boys towprlc with paper hangers. Apply tothe J. T. -Hinton Co., corner Mamand Sixth Streets, Paris, Ky.(14-4t)While; playing on the floor at thehome of her parents, oik Seventhstreet, the eight-mo-nths-old daugh-inr-of THwf nri Mf- Lee Kirkpat-rick found a medium-sized safetypin, whfjh. with childish innocence,she placed" in. her jmouth and swal-Luckily for the child kfce "pin. was..iocna4 ttio TkT-v3Pnf.A of the foreignsubstance! in the .. ffchiia's s"tonachcaused -her considerable pain. Local efforts proved unequal xo iue wanof ejecting the pin, and physicianswere called. An X-ray pnotograyuwas taken, showing the exact location of.-the jobject "Another X-rayphotograph "was made yesterdaymorning,' showing the pin to haveslightly changed its position.After ;a consultation with, the parents, the attending physician, Dr.W. C. TJssery, decided to -postpone ah'operation, for a time, fithe" hopethat nature would. find a way to relieve the child. TheT case was explained by long distance phone to Dr.Louis Frafc,.-f vkxii$rinf TfWagreed with Dr. Useery to a potMr. and' Mrs. Edward Burris andson, William, of Paris, and Mrs. jas.Madison, Charles M. Talbott and Jno.C Talbott, of Millersburg, wereamong the out-of-town guests at an"old-fashioned dinner in v,.vm.mana, given .by Mrs. Sue A. Talbott.JLMiss j Nancy-McCartney, whohas been ill for three weeks withinfluenza, lias recovered, and has resumed her duties at the Chas. P.Cook grocery.v Miss McCartney is,vn f thA most valued members of0 rfftriftai. force at Cook's and wasgreatly missed "during her absence,f - v- ;'' !' if'A- t?Three auiomooip,xuivu "rfrls and hoys from Georgetown, allfriends of the family arid of theyoung" daughter of the household,Miss iiacie Saloshin, drew up at thefamily home on Pleasant street abouteieht o'clock Wednesday night.r.andSSfli Scrffiy &to 'the' Wmy svfcSSedMlBB Saloshin My becoming her?I. t-h AVP.ninfe. Taken completely y surprise, Miss Saloshin wasappriserhythe 'spokesman' of thenifty' one of Georgetown's reproeen?5. y'."".. r, thn thev-hadSSurfbns. inI CoitUctiottcry StoreSuccessor to Adami & Santi. IllYOU KNOWThat During the Rest of February and Allof March You Can. Buy Any of OurFlorida Fruiis ,. Box CandiesIJ! Adami's Famous Recipe' forflfl making deliciouslce Cream,Soda Water ..ana MixeaDrinks still used.Bulkke Cream(Made from Pure Cream).. delivered for home use. ,taUve Toung . men; nat ysoml to splnd a pleasant eveningwith her. After the first excitementof,tne unexpected visit had passedawa-r Miss Salosninauu m iaway, J" Pnvniiv made the happymlcome.trXZr:served an1 games auu 4STiveryenioyable evenfng. After bidding Wir hostess good nigh.tand totlttSfrchtf vifiithemGoeto.thimerry crowd returned fq theirmichTnjust as the midnight bells-Fancy Ices, for Parties fFor the BEST, St Us.Iliirni ll If rrlinTHllx I n lsii if i u 1 1 u 1 1 1 iiHflftfliumnnrn:Jguccesor io AdVmi SaniV:1 ' ''zk " Sta Mi9 T ' j" ', a i' S3.'t '; 3hjJ-Si Nmm i'i rH Ckmrr '$ r , Mst iitlnw'InrWMv ,20lPer Cent. Discount?. For that matter, though, you can buy any off ourFurniture, Rugs, Wall Paper and LinoleumsAt the Same Big Discountduring Our Big Cash February and March Sale..SJS'.-TliE J. T;MOTOR HEARSE -MOTOR INVAUDCOACii. j .-. iEITHERPHONE" 36r. ... -. " :UNDERTAKING' . SIXTH AND MAIN STS.tvi.ti i.jiliII1KIIX3ft!7V-ts1fti3 rI, ijft.if'ar7 t-A. I A...- t7ir 1JK-W3?.JNJ ,4 Vr71GESIXTHE fiOlTXBOir HEWS. PABIS. XXHTUCZ?'t;-X,K'Jl'TnXCmj .Trrrr- r - , Pr,r FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 14, lflS".-?"MiiH"iHMHIiHBHHHHBIIHBMHBHIHHHHBHaHHHIBHBHHaHHMBVHPIBHVHMMaiMBHHMaMHIi ' i , i - i . i i . . i ii.THE' TOBACCOOIdUlKEX? PlT-JTWFl fU'ttf T-qff"-M- V - ' ' 7Unlr 1 I Irlitf ?Tfl,IV " lllll nilTBEE SCHOLERSHIF TIT JOHffHOPBINS COLLEGE.V. O. Gilbert, State Superintendent of Public Instruction, desires tocall attention to the scholarshipsoffered in Kentucky to the JohnsHopkins University. The scholarship for the Department of Education is open to any person having a"diploma from a college and carrieswith it an appropriation of $270.There are forty scholarships for oneyear's free tuition to students inKentucky capable of matriculatingin the University. President Goodnow, of Johns-Hopkins, is the person having in charge the disppsal ofthe "scholarships.i"For Influenza!For influenza and after effects,usK. U. Tablets. They build upyour serves and stomach; rid thesystem of all aches, pains and tiredfeelings. They restore vigor andTim. They are fine for headacheand rheumatism. The contents of K.XT. Tablet8are used by all of the bestphysicians of the country.Don't be without them in yourliojme. Oace tried they are alwaysused. They are put up in 10c and25c boxes and are for sale hy alldruggists and groceries.Distributed by theK. II. CHEMICAL CO..568 McClelland Building,-7feb-3mos) Lexington, Ky.The Bourbon Tobacco! WarehousCompany sold Tuesday a total of75,505 pounds of tobacco for"$3&,542.70, an average of $48.39 perhundred pounds. The following cropaverages were reported:Ernest Crouch sold 1,720 pounds;average $69.23.Kash & Stewart sold 4,375 pounds,average $58.28. . 'VR. R. Crouch sold 1,975 pounds,average $46.23.Russell Boardman sold 2,28pounds, average $42.09.Calvert & Dominan' sold 8,300pounds, average $55.61. 'Gaunce & Feebaek sold 1,470pounds, average $42.54.Marston & Lanter sold 4,600pounds, average $45.13.Stewart & Mack sold 3,840 pounds,average $72.68.Buckner & Mack sold 3,840 pounds,average $72.68.Daiiel Dawson sold 1,315 pounds,average $48.38.Luther Hall sold 2,850 pounds,average $58.-97.Simms & Dearing sold 4,380pounds, average $39.10.George Small sold 3,545 pounds,average $46.12.Rankin & Miller sold 3,310 pounds,average $65.98.Bell & Galloway sold 2,515 pounds,!average v$61.18.Wilson & Cook sold 880 pounds,average $39.56.Joe Connell & Johnson sold 2880pounds, average $59.00.oDTCHGESTION. -.Take a few dosee of Chamberlain sTablets as directed for indigestion,and you will soon forget about yourstomach troubles. Try it.WDSWAYHE----V J. iJUJ!KV-I I Ml II Ill Mfc 1 1 .mmMmmmmmmmL$mM mmWiimm3 EiliSi?i&4viMv2d-r ?tTsSSTmGLEYSlS The Flavor Lasts 8g M three kinds sealed I.8 in air-tight, impurity- I'proof packages. Be II SURE to m WRIGLEYS iFEELS ABOUT ITMentcjne Brings Back Strength toMan Weakened hyInflue'nza x"I .can't tell in words tlie way Ifeel about Meritone since it improved my health so 'much," said W. S.Dugger, of 2604 Clifton pike, Nashville, fan engineer and steam fitter."I had influenza, and when I gotover it I felt weak all over. Itseemed to effect my kidneys, too. Icould notice that they were weakened. ,First Bottle Helped Him"I have just finished 'taking thefirst bottle of Meritone now, and ithas helped my kidneys greatly andin building up my strength. -"I consider it ,myv duty to recommend Meritone because of the good Iknow it has done me and I am willing to tell any bfldy pers6nally aboutwhat it has done for jme." "Mr. Dugger got another bottle ofMeritone and said he intended tocontinue with it until he was entirely relieved of. the weakened condition the influenza left him in. 'because he knew after taking the firstbottle, that Meritone was bringingback his strength.Others who are weakened and rundown after influenza or pneumonia.are advised to take Meritone -to bringback their strength. Meritone isalso excellent to correct ailing conditions of the stomach, liver, kidneysor to combat catarrhal conditions orRheumatism of the stomach or sleeplessness or lack of appetite.Meritone is sold exclusively inParis byG. S. "Varden & Son.(adv)TURN YOUR TIMEPIECESWARD NEXT MONTH!F0R-Clocks in Bourbon county will beMarch 30. daylierht savins: irointrinto effect on that date. Word thatthis should be done has been sentout from Washington throughoutthe country. The movement started about a year ago when the government ordered the clocks setahead one hour that jmore workcould be accomplished during' thedaylight.At the beginning of 'winter theclocks were ordered moved back andto again get the benefit of thelengthening days the, clock will nowbe - ordered advanced one hour onMarch 30, which falls on Sunday.&&iee6THEnJNJ YERSA1 CAR"FORDSOIN"DO YOUR WORKWhy not increase the efficiency( on. your farm with a EordsonTractbr? ,Uet our regular Tractor mandemonstrate the Eordson to you.Ruggles Motor Co.Bank Row, Paris, Ky. 'jmSr -ijilfc-Vi. fes.Z I 'GETTING- RID OF COLDS.The man who is the architect ofhis own fortune shouldn't, limit hisplans and specifications to castlesin the air.The easiest way to get rid of acold is to take" Chemberlain's CoughRemedy. This preparation has beenin use for many years and, its valuefully proven. No matter what remedy you user however, caremust betaken not to contract another soldbefore you have recovered from thefirst one, and there is serious dangerin this. A man of middle age or older should go to bed until fully recovered. It is better to stay in bedthrqe days at the start than threeweeks later on.(adv-Feb.)oOur guess is that some bootlegger scientist eventually will invent amodern tooth paste that will carrythe authority of. u-n ante-bellumChristmas toddy.n 'GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR. Motor EquipmentBOTHPHONESDAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.IXiIXi256 Hereford, Angus and ShorthornSteers for Sale.Weight 600 to 1,050 lbs. C-oice quality.If interested write yourwnts.HARRY I. BALL, Fairfield, Iowa.14-2t)Frequent Freight ServiceBY TRACTIONKy. Traction & TerminaltV.KOFTHEMONEY YOUCANSAVE ON SHOESTraffic Truck4,000 UBS. CAPACITY -.$1,395 F. O. B. FactoryPrice. Lower ThanA)r OtherTruck .of Similar Capacity.Every day drlres heme the need of the time-saving, laborsaving, dependable service you can get from a Traffic Truck.Its 4,000 lbs. capacity will handle the greatest variety' ofloads witn entire efficiency and at lowest 'cost Has amplepower for any road conditions. Built of standardized units. with strength and sturdlness well in excess of requirements.Quality production on a single model makes the Traffic price,$1,395, (possible the truck you need at the price you want. f pay,.; "'.1 1nvestigate what the Traffic will do on your hauling problems.: A danstrmtk will convince you it is the truck you ought to. buy. 5STILES -KLAPHEKE CO.2, INCOrORATED.-904-906 Sotrth TbW St v LOUISVILLE, KY.Clarence J. Bloenker of St. Louis,Missouri, writes, " I have a' pair ofshoes with-Neolin Soles and have usedthem for two years. I think they willlast another six months."Mr. Bloenker also rec.ommendsNeolin, Soles for their comfort andwaterproofness.It is a remarkable fact that NeolinSoles cost no more than others thatgive only ordinary wear. You canget them on new shoes in many stylesfor men, women, and children andthey are available everywhere for resoling, too.And look at the money you savebecause you need fewer pairs of shoeswith Neolin Soles. Remember thesesoles are made by Science to be especially tough and durable. They aremanufactured by The Goodyear Tire& Rubber Co. of Akron, Ohio, who alsomake Wingfoot Heels guaranteed tooutwear any other heels.fleolin SolesXrmde Mk Ber. V. S. Fat. Off.THE BOURBONTobacco Warehouse Go.(Incorporated)MSales Week Ending Feb. J, 424,600frounds . .for $213,783.10 . ... .-J Average $50.34' ,1Wilmoth'slrFreshHomp Baked Brfeads,Cakes, Pies, Etc."' Daily vFreshMeats,Roasts,Steaks,Chops, Fancy Goods.- FamousCoffees and TeasWILMOTHGrocery Co.PhoneL6-For entire season to date, 5,737,175 'pounds v 'for $2,398,803.44 . . . Average $41.811i ,W,Vif.!N 'V,Hb" ffi.mTVVe Lead the State!Plenty of Room to Get In!Drive Right In! ;u vPx.: yThe Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Co.(ItKtrpivrittd) .PARIS, KENTUCKY'n 'AS?VN.V"K " r rs.'VVW f"-- , , -VFRIDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1919.;.TriE BOTJRBOH NEWS, PUIS,. XEHTUCKTt. 'AHAGIHUSBANDSAVES WIFEFrom Suffering by GettingHer Lydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound.ELANSDEBATES FORHIGH SCHOOLS.STATE SUPT. CAYWOOD ANSWERS 'INQUIRIES FROM TEACTTERSI" MniiliiiitliininlL 1Pittsburgh, Pa." For many monthsI was not able to do my work owing toa, weakness whichcaused backacheand headaches. Afriend called m yattention to one ofyour newspaperadvertisements andimmediately mvhusband bo.ughtthree bottles ofLydia E. Pinkham'sVege table Compound for me.After taking twobnt.tlPR T fplt-. finp,and my troubles caused by that weakness are a thing of the past. All womenwno suutr as x. uiu snouiu iry juyaia Hi.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound."Mrs. Jas. Rohrberg, 620 Knapp St,N. S., Pittsburgh, Pa.Women who suffer from any form ofweakness, as indicated by displacements,inflammation, ulceration, irregularities,backache, headaches, nervousness or"the blues," should accept Mrs. Rohrberg's suggestion and give Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound athorough trial.For over forty years it has beencorrecting such ailments. If you havemysterious complications write foradvice to Lydia E. Pinkham MedicineGo., Lynn, Mass. 'A series of debates amongf Kentucky High schools on the feasibilityof the city manager plan of government in cities having Topulationsof more than 5.000, with, a silvertrophy cup as the prize for theschool winning the State championship and gold medals for members ofthe winning team, is being plannedby Prof. E. C. Mabie, Department ofEnglish, University of Kentucky. Allaccredited secondary schools whosecourses do not extend beyond thestandard four-year high schoolcourse are invited to take x part inthe debates, and the final one of theseries will be held at the Universityat the time of the interscholasticathletic meet in May, 1919. All preliminary debates will be held byApril 15.The University library is preparing package libraries of books andpamphlets on the subject to be lentfor periods of two weeks to schoolsrequesting them. The Department ofEnglish, will assist in -arranging opponents and making plans for preliminary contests, and will matchopponents for semi-final debates.The University will meet the expenses of theN final debate except railroad fares, and will furnish accommodations for the teams. Boys andgirls will be admitted to the conteston equal terms, and teams debatingat home will uphold the negative ofthe proposition.The-vflTi vvVfUXUt?EAHPANT SUFFRAGISTS JAILEDWASHINGTON, D. C. Feb. 11.Sixty-five members of the NatioalWoman's party were arrested Sundayoit. bv civil and military nolice afterthey had burned President Wilson ineffigy in front of the White Houseas a protest against the threateneddefeat of the equal suffrage resolution in the Senate Monday.Several thousand persons watchedthe demonstration; but there was little disorder.When taken to police stations thewomen refused to furnished bond fortheir release and were placed in theHouse of Detention to await trial.The effigy of the President wasabout three feet in height and wasmade of paper. It was carried fromthe party headquarters to the place ofburning by Misses Sue White, ofNashville, Tenn., and Garriel Harris,of Columbia, S. C, who marched inthe procession of nearly 100 women.oAVOID THE FLU BY KEEP- 'ING IIVE$ ACTIVEDoctors Find Calotabs, the NewNausealess Calomel, Best Laxative for Colds and Preventative for Influenzaand PneumoniaChildren 'Love .Cascarets 10c11Candy cathartic is harmlessto tender stomach, Mverand bowelsTo cut shori a cold oversight tostop a sore throat, and to put thesystem in the best possible condition to avoid influenza and pneumo-jiia, doctors are advising the newnusealess calomel, called Calotabs,which are free froVn the sickeningand salivating effects -of the oldstyle calomel. A t the first sign ofa cold or sore throat, it is best totake a Calotab at once, before theinflammation has gone too far. Youmay thus save yourseu a iyen ui.sicknes.One Calotab at bed time with aswallow of water that's all. JNosalts, no nausea, nor tne sngntestinterference with eating, work orpleasure. Next morning your coldhas vanished, your liver is active,your system is purified and refreshedand you are feeling fine with ahearty appetite for breakfast. Perhaps you can congratulate yourselfthat a "stitch in time" has .savedyou iserious illness. Calotabs are soldonly in original sealed pacKages,price thirty-five cents. Your druggist recommends and .guaranteesCalotabs and will cneerruny giveback your money if you" are notv delighted, (adv)County Superintendent'sis . rfvoAiviTip" inanv inmiiripfrom teachers concerning the examination in. agriculture. Herewithfind some general information onsamel 'Bulletins 54-56 will be sent mefrom the Agricultural Department ofthe State TTmverfiitv. T crave Bulletin54 to several teachers last Saturdayaifd will gi-e or send to- the rest whorequest same. There will also besome sixty questions on these Bulletins. The examination in Agriculturewill consist of some ten questions, orin other words will be treated likeany other subject in. the curriculum.The questions will be sent pie withthe May, June and September examinations, and will be graded by theCounty Examining Board.When a teacher takes the full examination he will be expected to payonly the usual' J1.00 fee, but, if hiscertificate has not expired and he istaking the examination in agriculture he wiil be expected to pay a 25cfee, this 25c to go to the CountyBoard of Examiners. When a teacheris examined in the one 'subject, agriculture, I will enter this grade onmy Record Book, and upon request ofthe teacher, I will write the same onsaid teacher's county certificate.Thus the grade in. agriculture willexpire at the same time as the certificate. TpnoTiers rural, erode and hi eh.teaching outside of cities of the first,second, third and fourth class, willbe expected to take this examination.Mr. Kirkpatrick means to have anagricultural class on Saturdays,conducted by a manfrom the StateUniversity, and offers all Bourboncounty teachers and prospectiveteachers, the privilege of the opportunity without cost, so if you are notexpecting to go to the Normal, youhad better avail yourself of this opportunity. .J. B. CAYWOOD,Supt. of Schools.o,IH1 IM W . xouI I II I lllllll III'lm I iCopyright1919 by31 3. ReynoldsTobacco Co.Your child is bilious, constipatedsnri Rick. Its little toncne is coated,breath is bad and stomach sour. Geta 10-cent box of Cascarets andstraighten the youngster right up.Children love this harmless candycathartic and it cleanses the littleliver and bowels without griping.Cascarets contain no calomel and.can be depended upon to move thesour bile and poison right out of thebowels. Best family cathartic because it never cramps or sickens likeother things.(adv). o-Combs.Combs have been used in the toiletglnce very ancient times. The Greeks,the Egyptian and the Eoman ladiesused them to,arrange and hold up theirhair; even ladles among tlie Swiss lakedwellers seem to have been familiarwith them. Some of these were madeof wood, some of bone, of horn or ofIvory. Specimens have often beenfound in recent years.Interesting Discovery.The Roman occupation of Englandwas recalled by a discovery made afew days ago at Stalbridge, Dorset.Working in his garden, a man dug upa skeleton. ..Examining it he found itto be in a perfect state of preservation, the teeth being quite sound. Inthe mouth was a coin bearing the inscription of Caesar Augustus.DREADFUL COUGH CURED.A severe cold is often followed bya rough cough for which Chamberlain's Cough Remedy has provenespecially valuable. Mrs. F. W. Olson, Marysville, Mo., writes: "Abouttwo years ago my little boy Jeancaught a severe cold .and cougneddreadfully for days. I tried a number of cough medicines but nothingdid him any good until I gaye himChamberlain's Cough Remedy. It relieved his cough right away and before he had finished taking one bottle he" was cured. think it is justfine for children."(adv-Feb.)WHAT'S THE REASON?Many Paris People in Poor HealthWithout Knowing the Cause.There are scores of people whodrag out a miserable existence without realizing the cause of their suffering. Day after day they areracked with headache and backache;suffer from nervousness, dizziness,weakness, languor and depression.Perhaps the kidneys have fallen behind in their work of filtering tneblood and that may be the root ofthe trouble. Look to your kidneys,assist them in their work givethem the help they need. You canuse no more highly recommendedremedy than Doan's Kidney Pillsendorsed by people all over thecountry and by your neighbors in, Mrs. John Mastin, 1139 Highstreet, Pali's, says: "I have usedDoan's Kidney Pills with good results and I know from the help theygave me that they would be just asbeneficial in other cases of kidneytrouble. T had a dead, dull acheacross the small of my back and mykidneys acted irregularly. Doan's.Kidney Pills rid me of those com,plaints, an if I should need a kidney remedy again I would certainlytake Doan's."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Mastin had". Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.(adv);0-The calajmity howler will tell youthe only possible way to makempney nowadays is to get a job in themint.oWhen the tax: assessor comes inrat the door truth flies out of thewindow.nK':an't helo cuttiner loose iov'usI remarks every time you flush yoursmokespot with Frince Albert it hitsyou s6 fair and square. It's a scuttle full of jimmyoiDe and cigarette makin's sunshine and as satisfy-'ing as it is delightful every hour of the twenty-four!It's never too late to hop into the Prince Albert pleasurepasture ! For, P A. is trigger-ready to give you moretobacco fun than you ever had in your smokecareer.That's because' it has the quality. -Quick as you know Prince Albert you'll write it downthat P. A. did not bite your tongue or parch yourthroat.And, it never will! For, our exclusive patented processcuts out bite and parch. Try it for what ails your tongue IToppy red bagw, tidy redt tins, handsome poxxnd and half pound tinhumidors and that clever, practical pound crystal glass humidor utithsponge moistentr top that keeps the tobacco in such perfect condition.R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company, Winston-Salem, N. C.TAX KETUBff BLANKS SENT TOCOLLECTORSSeveral million tax return blanksfor incomes -ef $5,000 and less weredistributed to Revenue Collectorsrecently by the Internal1 RevenueBureau. These will be released byCollectors as soon as President Wilson signs the revenue bill, nearingcompletion in' Congress. Corporation in cohie and excess profits return forms and blank forms for individual incomes of more than ?5,000 now are being printed and willbe in the hands of Collectors beforeMarch 1. The Revenue Bureau maymake public the, detailed provisionsof the blanks even before they aredistributed in order to ive businessconcerns guidance for their accounting before the actual forms reachthem.mmggggBKkWmWkWmWeVe!WONE DOSE BELIEVESA COLD NO QUININE"Tape's Cold Compound" EndsBad Colds or Grippe ina Tew Hours,feExperiencehas taughtthousandsthatInstantPostumis better forthe f &rru lythan coffeeThere's & Reason?i w .JI 1I HI . ' 11 ,RpHAf r.nmfis instantlyA dose taken every two hoursuntil three doses are taken will endgrippe misery and break up a severecold either in the head, chest, bodyor limbs.". It promptly opens clogged-up nostrils' and air -passages in the head,stops nasty discharge or nose running, relieves sick headache, dullness, feverishness, sore-throat, sneezing, soreness and stiffness.Don't stay stuffed" up! Quit blowing and snuffling! Base your throbbing head! Nothing else in the worldgives such prompt relief as "Pape'srniri nftmnound.'" which costs onlya few cents at any drug store. Itacts without assistance, tastes nice,and causees -no inconvenience. Besure you get the genuine.oAll men have a vein of sentiment, but sometimes it's all in vain.. oNone is so blind as he who refuses to see through other people.oCATARBH CANNOT BE CURED.with LOCAL APPLICATIONS, as they,cannot reach the seat or the disease.n.(nii ia a "irwsil disease. .CTeatlv influenced by constitutional conditions.and in.oraer to cure u,yuu muni .an internal remedy. Hall's CatarrhMedicine is taken internally. and actsthrough the blood on the mttcous surfaces of the system. Hall's CatarrhMedicine was prescribed by one of thebest physicians in this comntry foryears. It is composed of someT ofthe beat tonics known.combined withsome of the best blood purifiers. Theperfect combination, of the Ingredients In fall's Catarrh Medicineis what produces such wonderful results in catarrhal conditions. SendIOT teaumuuiwa iAetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFire -TheftCollisionProperty .Damage- Liability"And OtherCasualtiesA. J. FEBN 'AGENTJh Fault la Yours.Never complain that arour confidencehas been betrayed. The fault is yottrtfor pouring unsafe talk into a leakymind. Yon do not blame a leaky pallfor leaking. Blame yourself for matknowing it leaked. Life.THAT TEKRIBLE HEADACHE.Do you have neriodic attacks ofheadache accojoipftnied by sickness ofthe stomach or vomitinjr, a sauowskin and dull eyes? If so you canget quick relief by taking Chamberlain's Tablets as directed for biliousness, and you may be able toavoid these attacks if you observethe directions with each package.(adv.)ICBYPTOKJA. GLASSES I.THE INVISIBLE BIFOCALSlet u examine your eyes, JUguess work -to know how. 'RttedlyDr. Wm. Riley FranklinSuite 205-6 First National Bank,Both Phones. Paris. Ky.dy iiniiniMiiiwi 1" - 'T1 ' dL V!0If SKsfSSS9SKmSRe9mmWeeeWmeee vva.asujsuidW-..!ii.sahiJjaiUPlWilMiTobaceoliCottonALLGRAbESSee Us ForThe Best- PriceT.r3. CHENEY 0Si1Toledo,' Ohio.crnlj4 IW rimrriRtlL 75c.HitlT? Ttfaffir AIBi for amitifftTwin Bros.t iHere's the big work, littlecost tractor the TitanTHE Titan 10-20 has been on the market foryears, and has made good without reservation.10 horsepower at the draw bar 20 horsepowerat the belt. xA well-balanced tractor that is suited to all farmi power work. It drives easily, affords maximum pull! ing power for its weight, and isy suited in every way tothe general run of farm work. Not too large for the' small farm, yet large enough to handle a great volume, of work. . .Use it with an Oliver Plow?.We recommend that you use an Oliver plow withyour Titan tractor because it means the best plowing .under all conditions. The combined rolling coulterand jointer buries all trash and weeds at the bottom,of the furrow; the stop device maintains an even depthsof furrow; the plow points enter and leave the grounclfirst, making it possible to plow dear to the ends of the -field; and the trip rope- control operates easily fromthe driver's seat on the tractor.We have a lull line of Oliver plows as well asthc.Titan tractor here at our salesroom.'A. IV.K-,C. S. BALL GARAGEDepartmentm?wStoreParis,i ; . 'D i rmkTfrkv.i emGXLWkmmmkmkmmmr -V P mWeWmkmmWmm)CrYlmmWmrSMMMMRHgggpgp - - - ,mm- v t err - - , 3--. -i-i.fj '-y--si1A-ItiVi- wVny iY'APlitioavir V -.1,1: . r . -.iyJLVSHxN,r -t'NNVTHE' B0TOB0, HEWS, bH&, tXMTUCKfV A . ... . -FRIDAY, FEBRUAJet"!, fsi9.MGE EIGHT".z1x --?s-v;-h- MILLERSBURG;-.1?tI.' Reff&lar. iheetiife Iraf Amitv'J- l40dgeNa'49pr,and:iC',M., TuesdayS evening. 'Jab.C 'l -S ..V Mr. William BalWiu kiW; U.1-i : -o .,, i . . .. ...- -1 ir o. .axiiiy, win return o ns-auxie at.j,A -Fort Thomas to-day, after 'Jr&: ten-' . 'iiavs' fiirlnnp-Ti with hia WrntTifrfliflsisjter, Mr. E. D. BaldwInandMrs.Jr E.H. Kerr.k ., PUBLIC SALE.-j-On Feb. 21, att ' 2"4p, an.'i-'-vrtU sell all my stock,y ftuto. implements, etc., to the highestbidder. Sale " held "on 'premises.tV Don't fail 'tervattend. Don't forget j1tate.. (.7-td);.' '-EBGA-R HURST.j THE,. SICK. The condition of iyi' 3VInk ?$,' .. Martin is critical, and i.! her death is expected at -any time; ')C y Mr. James Ellington, who is confinedK to his home with the "flu," is able. -V-continues-, H. Collier andm. -rj.Nto sit up a little; Mr. Thomas Jonesabout tke same; Mrs. J.Mr. S. R. Butler areimproving nicely; Messrs. C. T. McDaniel, D. B. Mason, Mrs. Pearl Hill, Ii Misses Lula Thomas and Catherine j!. XHllispie are apnoig the new cases of; 'flu'v in1 the community; Robert BayI) less, the infant son of Mr. and Mrs.'. R. M. Caldwellf is quite ill with jaun-dice; Mrs. W. G. Dailey is not so$i--well; Miss Adah Ritchie, Mrs. DaiS ley's nurse, is ' ill at .the Dailerhomo. . ?THE PARIS GRANOTbDAY, FRIDAY FEB. UthTHE SUNSHINE GIRLSPresent'Hiram at the, CabaretIShirley Mason and ; Ernest Trujixin "COME dN IN"Animated Weekly andKeystone ComedyjSATURDATv FEBRUARY, 15thtS.THE SUNSHINE GIRLSPresent That Big Laughing Success t "Tun in a Court Room'--Alamo? and GrandLvMonday, February lTth-hlHA. CAVAIvIERIIN-TQM MOOREin "THIRTY -A WEEK"SMILING BILL PARDONS in 'Up a Tree':. anf "Current Events"One Show, Edward Van Leeuwe Orchestra One showStarts at 7:30 ' PRICES 25 -AND 50c 10 -WAR TAX ADDED. - Starts at 7:30, i 1 X- - " "Picture Program at The Alamo Afternoon Only."A Wojiian of Impulse"It wasn't that she didn't love her Jiusband but simpljrthat she drew other men to her almost unconsciously as thecandle does the poor moth and some pf the moths weremighty dangerous. "A Woman of Impulse' Tvill stir youdeeply by its likeness to-the problems of love as you knowthem. . 'Mack Sennett Comedy, "SLEUTHS"and PictographEdward Van Leeuwe OrchestraPRICES: Children 15c; Adults 22c, War Tax Included.ducted Thursday at 10 a. m. fropilier late residence. Owing to the illness of FatherDeBruyn, of Paris, theservices were conducted by a Lexington clergyman of the Catholicchurch. InterYnent in MillersburgCemetery. Quite a number of relatives were present, from Paris, L'exington and other Kentucky cities.Following a protracted illness, Mrs. HD. Jones,, aged -69, died!v at hp-r hom nn Tripp nATfmiic Wed-, .- . a?3 , --, iuiiw.i.to u, wv-tv nesday at sixa. m., after a protract of rheumatism, during which shec " -"fed "JLUness. Mrs. Jones has been in bore her sufferings' wkh Christian; J failing, health for the past several j fortitude, Mrs. Mary E. Martin,i 'J years, and- a cqh firmed invalid for 'tmore- than a year. She was formerlyrf Miss Josephine Welch, and was one' of a large fajmily of children. 'Shk,was born in Ireland in 1850. Herparents came to A'merica when sherwas.a little girl, locating in Lexington, Ky. where fther early -life was, sent.aged seventy-eight, one of the bestknown residents of this, place, diedat her home at 9:15 o'clock Wednesday evening. -Mrs. Martin had been a great sufferer; having received falls in whichher'rigjit leg was broken twice. Shehad been a patient in the Massie Memorial Hospital m Paris tor some- Gii-nnj p-irlhnorl siia has been a cv:4vn ii-nAK cunai .anT"na CViqdressmaker, "and vas indeed an was brought back to Millersburg, andi since her return grew steadily worsej until death relieved her sufferings.I 'Mrs. Martin was formerly Miss-artist In her profession. , She began. tihs 'wdrk while residing in Lexington'. , In 1&S5 she came to Millers. "burg where she opened a dressmaker's establishment. It was herewhere she first met Mr. Jones, 'andtlieii hearts were pierced bjr Cupid'sarrows. In 1887 she went to HotSp'-igs, Ark., where she followed herYn;j Session for one year. Mr .Jones'so- followed her and on August 23,18S7, they were united .in marriage,lie engaging in business in HotSprings for a short time. In 1888thjey went to Kansas-City, Mo., whereshe continued her vocation as dressmaker, Mr. Jones following otherpursuits. In 1902 the'y 'returned toMUlersbure:. -where they have re-:DEATHS.RANSDELL.w Avis "Merrill -Ransdell, eleven-months-oldson of Mr. and Mrs.Frank Ransdell, died at the-home ofhis parents, near Centeryille, Tuesday of pneumonia, preceded by an. attack of influenza. The funeral 'tookplace Wednesday afternoon with services conducted a,t the grave in1 theJacksonville Cemetery. The phild issurvived by his parents and two sissided ever since.- Again Mrs. Jones took up ner occupation as dressmaker, and hasmade jmore ladies beautiful and ar-tistic in their handsome gowns andmore brides happier than any dressmaker ever in-business here, unlessft be the late' Mrs. A. W. Johnson.For the past thr.ee, years she has beenan invalid, being a jgreat suffererfrom rheumatism, though"" for ' two"years' during this time of sufferingbfe-folfowed' her vocation.. Even after she had given up her work shefit' many gowns for her personalfriends. Some months ago she wasunder special treatment in' St.Joseph Hospital, Lexington, andwhen she returned home it wasthought by many'' of her friends thather 'condition was improved. Tuesday at midnight she was strickenw.ith paralysis, from "vvhieh she never.rallied, dying at six a. m.- Besides her husband she is survived by three sisters, Mrs. JamesCleason and Miss Julia Welch, of4 Lexington) Ky., and Miss MaryjWelch of .Chicago, She nasi a largeMary Elizabeth Tarr, daughter ofMr.-and Mrs. ' John Tarr, of nearMillersburg," and Was the last member of a large family 'of children.Early hr life she was united in marriage to Col. Samuel M. 'Archer, ofKeolftick. Iowa. To this union one-child, a, daughter; was born, who died jeany jn iue. u, iue aeaui ui vui.Archen .Mrs. Archer returned to herold hqme in Millersburg to makeerhome among the friends of her girlhood days. A few months after heyreturn she was married to Mr. Sam-, uel Martin, of Millersburg, who preceded her to the grave about fifteenMcINTYRE.Mrs. Laura Mclntyre, wife ofMr. Robert Mclntyre, formerly ofParis, died at her home in Rushville.fIndiana, Wednesday morning, after along illness of tuberculosis. Besidesher husband J she is survived by onechild. Mr. Mclntyre is a nephew ofMrs. Nannie Ransdall, of Paris, anda son of the late Mr. Joseph Mclntyre, a Confederate soldier, whomarried Miss Maggie Honey, of Paris.years ago. Since the death of hersecond husband Mrs. Martin continued to reside in Millersburg. tShe is survived by a large number of niece$ and nephews, and thelowing grandchildren; Mrs. HarryMiller of Keokuck, Iowa; Mrs. HughBierbower, of San Francisco, Cali.;Mrs. Wliite, New York; Alberi Martin, of "Chicago; Charles and E. M.Martin, of this city.The funeral will be held from thefamily residence at ten o'clock thismorning, with services 'conducted byRev. J". "W. Gardner, pastor of theMillersburg Methodist church, assisted b Rev. W. W. Morton, pastor ofthe Presby te'rian church. The interment will follow on the family lot inthe Millersburg Cemetery..RELIGIOUS.vftstments for idle capital. On Satur-ammber of nieces and nephewsj three i-&v Feb: 22. t)r. J. A. Gflkey willt N j r s t -.'. . . ,.nepnews now aoiug- army sciviw mFjance. Shewas a- lifelong memberf -theRoman-CathoHc church, and6nsistent in every-respect to her&uittlf ' vows: She was a womanwlibw ta-know was to Ibve, and hasa large; drclevof friends and relativesthjftughooc Central Kentucky.The funeral services were con-The Christian Endeavor Societyof the Presbyterian Church will meetSunday at 6:30. Subject, "Our Relation to God Trusting."Tfte Ladies' Missionary Societyof the Presbyterian church will meetin the lecture-room of the ' churchMonday afternoon at 2:30 o'clock.All the jmembers are earnestly .requested to be present. ',Services at the -Paris Presbyterian church next Sunday will be ofan unusually interesting character.The pastor, Tlev. John J. Rice, whohas recently recovered from illnesswill preach at the morning service at11:00 o'clock. At this service therewill be rendered a special musicalprogram by the choir, supplementedwith solos by Miss Mary Dan Harbison, a gifted vocalist, who needs nointroduction to the people of Paris.There will also be a congregationalmeeting for the purpose of electingofficers. At the night service at 7:15Rev. J. R. Bush?ofLexington, who isto maRe the principal address at thememorial mass meeting at the OperaHouse Sunday afternoon, will preachon the subject, 'A' One TalentedMan." Miss Mary Dan Harbison willoffeTf at public sale at the court house fsing and a musical' program will beMONTGOMERY COUNTY HOMEGOES UP IN IXAMES.The home of E. A. Bashford onthe Grassy Lick pike, just outside thecity limits of fat. Sterling, was destroyed by fire at an early hour Monday (morning. , vMr. and Mrs. Bashford, an elderycouple, were barely able to escape,both being slightly burned, as wasalso their daughter, Mrs. John W.Crawford, of Chicago, 111., who wasvisiting them. - Her 6-year-old son,the only other person in the house,escaped injury.The origin of the fire is unknownbut it is supposed to have been frclna defective flue: 'There was $1,000Insurance on the dwelling.o ' L.B-4 PIRE -InsurewithW.O. HiNTON &SON,Agtso "FERE DESTROYS HNE HOME INSHELBYVTLLE.Jo. H. Wright's residence -at thefdot of South Seventh street, just beyond the city limits, at Shelbyville,was almost destroyed by fire at 9o'clock Tuesday morning, whichoriginated in a defective flue in theattic. The residence was a two-storyirame structure or twelve rooms andall modern improvements. The loss"GOODY" GOODMAN GOING BAOiC' TO BASEBALL. x .B. Frank Goodman, known toParis baseball fans as "Goody," whohas been in the employ of the Louisville & Nashville, on this division forsome time, will return to the baseballgame again. Mr. Goodman has goneto Peru, In'diana, on a business trip,and f rlm there to Michigan, andIllinois, where he has his ' eyes onsome prominent players for the teamhe will manage this season.' "Goody" has been selected to manage the Bellevue, Ky., team in 'theK. L O. League this season, and inhis scouting expedition will land anumber of good players, withjwhomhe finished several seasons of goodwork He expects the Belteyue teamto pulf down the K. I. O. penarit thisseason, and with his long experienceand association with baseball there isa strong probability that"Goody"willturnthe trick nicely., Goodman was a former member ofthe Paris teafn of the BluegrassLeague in the palmy days of that organization, and filled the position ofright fielder, for "that club. Sinceleaving Paris he has been playingwith the Peru, Indiana, team in independent baseball, the champions ofIndiana in 1915, 1916 and 1917. Healso played with the Southern Michigan team, and managed the Princeton club of the West VirginiaLeague. Jn the four years he playedwith the Peru team the official score-chargedwason the house fs estimated at between$7,000 and $8,00(, with $2,500 in-Jbodk showed that hesurance. mere was i,vvv mcur-i with only one error.ance on the contents, most of which ! The K. I. O. League will open thewas savea. .season in Anril. Goodman will have-o his headquarters in Covington. HeREAL ESTATE "EST PAYING INVESTMENT. NOW.es-Money invested 'in real estate,tate, especially suburban- property, isnow one of. the safest and best in-" FIrer Wfcitf ami Lightning ' Sl"6!,i now stronger than ever, and tnafcitinsurance. is his rm j,elie tne BluegrassThomas, Woodford & Bryan ; League win be revived..aBIRTHS.In-this city, Monday, to'the wifeof Mr. Arthur Ricketts, of Railroadstreet, a son, weight eight poands,fourth.' Born.Big Special!10 Pound BucketPureLard$2.50TOGOLEN'SSanitary Meat Marketdoor in Paris. Ky.. a most desirablelot -of property,: two small farms,well and conveniently-located in thesuburb of Paris. This ' properly isclosely described in the big displayadvertisement published in this issueof THE NEWS. Read the ad and attend the-sale. (T-5t)HIIMMlllll4MHHMMHlltHIHHItMllllUMML69XTEithe J: T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND nMBAJtMMRS --Paris Ky.s, .andSlrth,StfectsDay phone 36NIsHt : . .56or Mome 2862 : 'Motor equipment. .Ambulartce calls promptly attended to withJtv Limousine Invalid Coach.' Hearse used for funeral purposes only.1 V r,-x-V,our -5rendered by the choir. A cordial invitation is extended to the public toattend these servicesrARev. Walter y. Cooper, of Danville, Missionary Secretary for "theKentucky Conference of the Methodist church, will be in Paris Sundayand will preach at the Methodist church,- Sunday, morning at10:45 o'clock. Sunday night Rev.Crooper will givehis stereopticonlecture on the Missionary Centenarymovement.The public is cordially Jnvited toattend the services at the ParisMethodist church Sunday, which arebotlt entertaining and instructive.Mr. Dennis V. Snapp, of Paris,Field Secretary of the Sunday Schopland State President of the EpworthLeague, has been traveling with Rev.Cropper and assisting him with hisstereopticon. Mr. Snapp, in talkingWith THE NEWS reporter yesterdaysaid: "Rev. Crooper has an appealingmessaere. which every one shouldhear, and he very forcefully presentsa world need by his stereopticonlecture."11CLEAN SWEEPHEDCKOSS CIVILIAN HELIEEW0BK PROGRESSINGrXa; , V.StuiinutifMimiUiniiituThe Red Cross Civilian Reliefwork has reached 5,"000 more families of soldiers and sailors than inany previous month, according to thelast monthly report ' of James L.Fieser, Lake Division Director of theCivilian Relief Department.-Tne report shows a total pf 25,-377 families dealt with; in, ,$,094ed. In 1,910 casesonly informationwas needed.Eleven thousand six. hundred andforty two dollars and sixty-srx centswas spent during the montl infinancing relief work to carry oniYn nVinsp. of after-war Red Cros34service. 7 - .p r-The old-fashioned dancer who waswilling to pay the fiddler' now has alarge-minded son ' who thinks musicshould be furnisneu oy i.ne ox&te. -0 -iEntire Stock of Winter FootwearlVIust Go!Another reason what a young; woman ha&c totote a hit? wround' if'l X because' itcan'be-mfc-aiuorwtine'n-Ittt tttt I M M HMWti y mufftCv - - vfGreat Reduction in spit,of the fact of the fact that,we cannot replace thesehigh grade shqes a nearthese prices. DON'TWAIT! BUY NOW! Delay mean a money liasto you!Women's, Men's and Children's Shoes at RecordBreaking Marked Down Prices. Allbroken and discontinued lines at1-2 PIMCE. and in many instances even less.f hII l Ir NC r 'mi- I y-viri I A Ir a IJr m I IjF fJust a Few of the Hundreds of Marked Down PricesBroken Sizes,Ladies', Grey Boots," Louis heel,best quality, all sizes, $5. 95 valLadies' Mahogany English or LouisBoots, with cloth tops to match, o aq,t5. 00 values, it y &-Ladies' Mahogany Tian EnglishBoots. $6.00 values, at. .. ,Ladies' Dark Grey Boots all ;kid Agtops. Walk-Over, $9.00 values, at..SWaOLadies' Black English or Cuban q aaHeel Boots, $4.00 values, at.....S-7$3.45Heel.49$4.50Ladies' Assorted$5. 0f values at...Men's Dark Tan$6.00 values at....$1.95English j rn ej nrt.uu-ii.auTkf r-i -r -n ,. . ,' ..men s v. jvu jngnsn Walk-Uver o ajcand other famous makes,$4.50 val.H'Men'a Gun Metal Lace, E. & J. q amakes, $4.00 values, at $stJBoys' Gun. Metaf Lace, $2.50 val- -t j Aues at '. 4 1 . "Don't Miss This Money - Saving Opportunity,ySale Now Going On. . ' '-?tf"DANParis' Greatest Shoe Stof e tCOH EN)Vhere beauty and Economy Reijavstft'-w...PfTc'f'" "zrrvtTy.'-y.x-3.fl'SlC-1, V. vi,?.,tVV A