. ,-THECs 'NEWSPUBLISHED . EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JULY 18, 1919vBOURBONtmJHO. STIVERS FALLS OVEE RAILWAY EMBANKMENT.While walking down the Louisville& Nashville railroad tracks near thefridge crossing Stoner Creek, on theMaysville & Nashville branch of theroad Tuesday night, John Stivers, awell-known citizen of Paris, wasovercome by the heat and fell, rollingdown a steep embankment at thatpoint. .He was rendered unconscious forBorne time by a blow on the head.For a number of years he has beensuffering with a tubercular affectionof the bone in his right leg, whichtad become so acute that physiciansadvised amputation, to which theafflicted man would not consent. Hehad spent several weeks in the Massie Memorial Hospital as a patientowing to this trouble.In falling down the embankment.Stivers' leg was badly injured bystriking against a rock, and the oldwound reopened, causing it to bleedprofusely. He managed to crawl tothe edge of the creek close by, wherehe bathed the wound and tried tostop the flow of blood by binding theleg with a handkerchief. His feeblecries for assistance went unheard.Dragging himself to a tree nearby hepassed the .night in this condition.Early Wednesday morning Mr. Lee,an employe of the Louisville & Nashville, passing by heard groans andupon investigating, found Stivers,partly unconscious and unable tomove, lying under the tree. Mr. Leesecured help and the injured manwas removed to the Massie MemorialHospital, where he remains in a verycritical condition.. cPICTURE OF IMPERSONATOR ISRECEIVED BY LOCAL MANAGERMr. John McDermott, manager ofthe Postal Telegraph Company, hasreceived from the commandant ofthe army post at New London, Conn..a photo of the man who has been impersonating James Cainrson of Mr.John P. Cain, of this city, in an attempt to extort the sum of '$20 fromhim. -The photograph was accompaniedby a letter from the commandant, inwhich he stated that the photo wasmade at the army post, and that theman who represented himself as Private Noel Stevens was being kept inclose confinement, pending an investigation of his case. He also statedthat he would greatly appreciate anyinformation as to Stevens' past record, to be used in conducting theprosecution of the case against him.Everyone who has seen the photoand who know the original pronounce it an excellent likeness ofNoel Stivers, formerly of Paris, whohas been in the army service forsome time. The photo shows a profile view and a full view of the face,it being without question that ofStivers.No further information has beenreceived from New London as to whatdisposition will be made of Stivers'case, but that he will be court-mar--.the concensus of all herewho are acquainted with militarymatters.SPRING CHICKENSNice, fat spring chickens justright for frying.' (It) C. P. COOK & CO.oNEGRO COPS BUICK, TOOLS ANDMOST "EVERYTHING."Some time ago Mr. Morris Stern,junk dealer on Eighth street, boughtan old Buick machine as junk andtook it to his place of business forstorage. He engaged a negro namedJones who was a good auto mechanic,to give the machine the look-over,with a view of placing it in runningcondition. Jones did so, but whentVi inh was onmnleted he gathered upall the tools Mr. Stern owned, to-getner wun ins own, uiuacu uyrestaurant he had been operating on17JT-Vf In pfvnof nAAaA TVf ft ff HISetner witn nis own, ciobeu up a"Riprhfh strpfit added Tiart of his" 0w" -- , Mr-household goods and all his owntools to the plunder, and storing it allin the machine, together with hiswife, departed for parts unknown.Mr. Stern expressed gieat satisfaction over the fact that his machanician had left him the garage and hisjunk pile.o-THE KNIGHTS OP PYTHIAS MINSTRELS. oRehearsals for the coming appearance in this city of the Knights ofPythias Minstrels, to be put on atthe Grand Opera House under theauspices of Rathbone Lodge, are going on steadily each night, and thosewho are to take part are becomingmore and more interested in theirwork, and are determined to makethe entertainment a go. For the present the rehearsals are being conducted under the direction of Prof. A. H.Morehead, formerly of Paris. Gov.Bo wen, who will have charge of thecomedy end of the entertainment,will come to -Paris in a few days, andstart things to going in his end ofthe game.. 1 - "" -5TNTFR."RSTTNft OFT. THYTVSl !' w w-. ,The Co-operating Land and Development Company is due in with itsNo. 1 on the Susie- Bryant lease inLee county.The Bourbon Oil and DevelopmentCompany is sinking a test well on theholdings of the Mutual Oil and Refining Company in Knox county, whichshould be in next week.At a meeting of the directors ofthe Mutual Oil and Refining Company, of Paris, this week ,L. G. Campbell, an attorhey of Whitley City,was chosen as vice president of thecompany. Earl W. Cox, a banker ofDarlington, Ind., and George Fishback, a real estate man of Carlisle,were added to the board of directorsC. L. Bell, of Paris, and S. V. Brents,of Lexington, are the other directors,being president and secretary, respectively, of the company.Thp Afiitnal Oil and "RefininEr Com-pany, of Paris, has acquired leases onj.W ...- - -- . u450 acres of land in Lincoln county,situated near Crab Orchard. It is reported that number of test wells arebeing drilled in this vicinity, someof which will serve to test the Mu-tual's holdings. The Dix River OilCompany is said to be preparing tosink a test well to a depth of 3,000feet in this neighborhood if oil inpaying quantities is not encounteredsooner."Names is names," and "There isnothing in a name" are familiarquotations, and often used. Manypeople have wondered why the nameof "Little Banjo" was chosen for oneof the oil companies having its officein Paris. THE NEWS asked one ofthe officials the reason. He replied:"Well, it was this way. Up in themountain county where our holdingsare there was an old-timer who wasan expert at wood carving, and whowas a natural-born mechanical genius. He had a little boy who haddeveloped a decided musical talent,and of whom I had grown very fond.This boy always wanted a banjo, andfinally the old man made one for him,about the size of the society girl'sukelela. It was a complete instrument in every respect, and Jhe boy.grew, wild about it". He learned toplay it like a veteran. When I cameback to Paris and our company, inorganizing, was at a loss for a .name.I related the story of the boy's littlebanjo, and asked permission to nameour company "The Little Banjo."It went through with a whirl, andstill sticks.oBOYS' BLOUSES AT $1.An unusual assortment in bothregular and sport styles, to fit boysages 6 to 13 years.J. W. DAVIS & CO.. oWHEAT.Off grade and good wheatwanted.R. B. HUTCHCRAFT & CO.(july!8-6t)OFF FOR CAMP DANIEL BOONEIn charge of Mr. Thos. K. Smith,physical director of the BourbonCounty Y. M. C. A., and Rev. F. M.Tinder, pastor of the North Middletown Christian church, thirty-sevenParis and North Middletown boysleft Paris Wednesday via the interurban lines for Camp Daniel Boone,at Valley View, on the KentuckyRiver, where they will spend twoweeks in camp. , ,The boys weie accompanied alsoby Mr. Elezar Dailey, who says heis as young as any of them, Prof. C.Prentice Lancaster, Bazil Haydenand Wm. J. Bryan. The Paris boyswho made the trio were: LeslieO'Neill, Cletis Chipley, John Welch,Norbert Friedman. Ardram Flanders,Norbert Friedman, Ardram inanaers,j Howard Roberts, J. Miller Dundon,I -r-l a. n1i: TTl.t rnlliorBlanton Collier, Hamlet Qollier,William Collier, Ray Cahal, CharlesCahal. Dick Tucker, Thomas Spicer,Ferdinand Nagle, Yutaka Minakuchi,James Crump, Robert White, JoeMitchell, George Dundon, RobertStitt, James Davis, Albert vv rightand Moses Westerfield.oSHOWING THEM HOW THE FORD-SON DOES WORK.The Fordson Tractor Factory representative, Mr. Robert O'Brien,assembled a number of nearby Fordson agents at the Ruggles MotorCo.'s place of business in this city,yesterday, for the purpose of showing them how the Fordson wasthreshing wheat for a number offarmers in Bourbon county.Among those present were: Mr.Williams, of the Commercial AutoCo., Lexington; Mr. Haiper, of theHarper Garage, Carlisle; Mr. Strother, of Strother Motor Co., Mt. Sterling; Mr. Jones, of the Jones MotorCo., Cynthiana. A number of Fordson owners from the county were alsopresent. The threshing was done onthe farm of Mr. J. NFrank Clay. .DOCTOB" ENTER-TATKfC "DA-DTC irnnmr AvmcMiigjttMwuuiio- - .,,ax n lift nay.Mr. R. H. Kennedy, of the NationalCash Register Comnanv. at "nnvfnn.i Ohio, who has become known in thebusiness world as the "Doctor ofBusiness," delivered an inspiringand educational address to the merchants, business men and clerks ofParis at the Alamo Theatre, Wednesday night. The talk was accompanied by lantern slides, and a moviepicture, entitled "The Troubles of aMerchant, and How To OvercomeThem." His tallr nnH fha ninfnroashowed very plainly why so manybusiness men do not make money outof their business that they ought toget out of the capital invested.Primarily the lectures and thepictures are an educational advertisement for the National Cash RegisterCompany, and mighty good advertising, at that. But it is well worth thetime of any man who is in businessto hear Mr. Kennedy and see thepicture, for it presents a strikinglesson in modern systematic businessnrinr.ini es without, whinh -no hnsinP55ti - - --j-.-, ,..uv.- .. ....v v ,UiXW.Vis going to get along in these days.The Alamo was comfortably filledwith business men and their associates Wednesday night, and they alladmitted at the close of the "show"j that they had been well rewarded forthe time they had spent there.During his talk Mr. Kennedy referred to newspaper advertising andtold the local business men somethings that they ought to heed justas much in this connection, as alongthe lines of his lecture. He had aclear, concise method of telling hisstory, and no one could fail to graspeven the smallest detail. He said inpart:"I believe that I am safe in sayingthat ten merchants have failed because they advertised too little toevery one that failed because he advertised too much. Certainly manystores have remained- small due tothis neglect. Dunn & Cq. jeport thaj.eierhtv-one ter cent, of the retailgrocers who failed in 1918 were menwho did not advertise in the localpapers. And about the same proportions are found in other lines."Advertising is simply a way oftelling possible purchasers about thegoods you have for sale. Simplewords and direct statements should,therefore, be n'sed in preparing theadvertisements. Big words and involved sentences will not be read.The purchasing public doesn't carehow well educated you are. Itsimply wants to know what you haveto sell, its quality and the price."Your advertising is your storenews. If you haven't any, make some.A new line of goods. Cut prices ongoods you want to turn over. It'seasy enough to get the news if youyou will only watch for the opportunities. Don't spend a few dollars inadvertising and then say "Advertising doesn't pay.' Advertising doespay, as has been attested by thousands of merchants who have becomesuccessful through its use. Make ita part of the continuous policy ofyour store, and you will not be disappointed, and you will always findthat the greatest and most reliableand the most, far-reaching advertisingmedium in the world to-day is thenewspaper. Patronize you local papers, and you will be astonished atthe results if you use wisdom andgood judgment in your advertisingschemes."Select your advertising mediumcarefully. Its advertising value depends to a certain extent upon thegoods you sell and the conditions under which you sell them. Except forthe small store serving a district ofa large city, more people can bereached oftener and at less expensethrough the medium of well-placedads in the newspapers than in anyother way. The merchant jvho is notusing them is missing uu uyijuiuu-nity." -This lecture and pictuie werecompiled at great effort and expenseby the National Cash Register people, and showed the right and wrongway to build up a business on business nrincinles. The lecture waslengthy, but not dull for a minute.Mr. Kennedy was frequently interrupted with applause, and many ofhis apt remarks and illustrationswent home to the listeners. His discourse on the value of and necessityfor continued and judicious advertising was plain and truthful and hewell stated that honest and systematic advertising, with honest pricesand conduct of business, were thefoundation stones of a successful business. The lecture was helpful toeveryone who attended it and themerchant, business man or clerk whofailed to attend, missed an opportunity to better himself for his business, iOGET 'EM WHILE IT'S HOT GENUINE PALM BEACH SUITSGenuine Palm Beach Suits, $3to $12.Straw Hats, $1 to $6.White Shoes, $2 to $5.Save money and keep cool.L. WOLLSTEIN,"BUSINESS(8-tf) 619 Main Street)NATIONAL CLOTHIER COMPLIMENTS PARIS MEMBER OFASSOCIATION.The -National Clothier, the officialpublication of the merchant tailoring and gents' furnishing business, inits July issue, under the caption,"Kentucky Clothiers' AssociationMeets at Lexington in Seventh Annual Convention," has the following jcomplimentary reference to one ofthat body's most representative andhustling members, Mr. J. Withers6avis, of the firm of J. W. Davis &Co., of Paris:"Mr. Withers Davis, of Paris, whohas served during the past year assecretary, finding it impossible todevote the time necessary to handlethe work falling to the secretary, wasallowed to retire, but in recognitionof his splendid services to the Association, and in order that the organization might have the advantageof his counsel and co-operation inan official capacity during the coming year, he was made second vicepresident, and will serve in that capacity." oSECRETARY WILCOX TENDERSRESIGNATION TO Y. M. C. A.Mr. Z. L. Wilcox, who for the pasttwo years, has most efficiently filledthe position of Secretary of the Bourbon County Young Mens' ChristianAssociation, tendered his resignationat a recent meeting of the Board ofDirectors of that institution, to takeeffect on September 1. The Board reluctantly accepted the resignation,after complimenting Mr. Wilcox onthe excellent record he had made during his connection with the Y. M. C.A. His successor has not been decided on.Mr. Wilcox, during his term ofoffice, instituted many valuable features in the Y. M. C. A., and madehimself very popular by his unfailingcourtesy, his grasp of the essentialsnecessary to conducting the work,and by his strict attention and fidelity to every duty entrusted to him.He has not yet decided where he willlocate, but wherever he goes, he mayrest assured that he will take withhim the cordial good wishes of thepeople of Paris, who have learned toappreciate him at his true worth.oTRIES TO HILL SHAKE; LOSESTOES INSTEAD.,John Andrews, a farmer, residing:on the Winchester pike, near Paris,while attempting to kill a snake inhis tobacco patch with a hoe, struckhimself on the foot, severing threetoes. The snake escaped. Andrewswas given medical attention.weSATISFACTION IN CLOTHESCan Only Be Had When You Buy Your ClothingFrom a Dependable Store.EHlPHRrIP : lafww nmHLEwmfMi- ' dhX(jJBmjnmrwmlyf afi4llulB v s"VVlJt;JlllfVIWMITCHELL & BLAKEMOREStttson HatsTRAVELING SALESMAN TAKESOWN LEFE IN CARLISLEHOTEL.Mack Riley, a traveling salesman,committed suicide at the CentralHotel, in Carlisle, Tuesday-morning.Riley came to the hotel early in theevening and registered. He was assigned to a room, and stated that hewould stay up a little while beforeretiring. He- went to his room a fewhours later, apparently in good spirits. On Wednesday morning whenthe proprietor of the Central wentto call him, there was no response,and the door being forced open, Rileywas found lying dead in bed. Anempty bottle which had containedcarbolic acid revealed the cause ofhis death.Riley was a native of Nicholascounty and had during the past twoyears been representing a large manufacturing company. He was for anumber of years in the employ of theS. T. Barlow Co., at Headquarters, inNicholas county. He is survived byhis widow and nine children. He wasa brother of Judge Riley, of Morehead. It is thought that financialtroubles was the cause of his act.The tragic taking-off of Riley hada chapter in this city, in which hewas to have played a part, but deathintervened. Riley had been arrestedin Carlisle by deputy sheriffs andturned over to Deputy Sheriffs JamesGibson and Ollie Marshall, of Bourbon county, on warrants charginghim with defrauding Mrs. Potts outof $35 and Mrs. Neppie Rigdon, outof $117.25. Both conduct boardinghouses, Mrs. Potts in Carlisle, andMrs. Rigdon, in Millersburg. He wasbrought to Paris and placed under$200 bond, with Mr. Frank Skillmanas surety, for his appearance in theCounty Court to answer the chargesset forth in the warrants. When thecase was called for trial beforeCounty Judge Batterton, Tuesday,Riley did not appear, and a hurriedsearch was instituted for him. Afew moments later came the newsfrom Carlisle of his death by his ownhand. The case was dismissed.SUMMER NECESSITIES IN FURNITURE AT REDUCED PRICESAJbig reduction, on all summergoods, -such as refrigerators, oilstoves, ovena, porcn snaaes, porcnfurniture, porch rugs etc All thisscociuu guuua, ctuu uj. cue ucai. uutcca,but must be sold to make room forfall goods the big reductions during July.B. M. WHEELER,(1-tf) Robneel Building.Copyright; lfif,JHKC.Nettleton ShotsDr. Reed's Cushion Sole ShoesIS-XIO-WWORK ACTUALLY BEGUN ON THENEW DAM. - J JAfter about a year and a half ofargument over the division of coatsof building a new dam on the siteof the old one at the plant of theParis Milling Company, in order toconserve the water supply for thecity, the papers have Anally beensigned, and the actual work of construction started.The papers were signed in theoffice of Judge Denis Dundon, attorney for Mr. B. M. Renick, representing the Paris Water Company;and attorneys representing the Louisville & Nashville Railroad Company. The signing of contracts between the Paris Water Company andthe city of Paris had been previouslyadjusted. As soon as these necessary rformalities had been carried out, theengineers of the Louisville & Nashville set a force of men to work under the supervision of Mr. S. B. Mc- ,Clanahan, superintendent of bridges -for the L. & N.t constructing a cofferdam, to hold the water back:while the "forms' are being;placed in position and the olddam torn away. What waterescapes will be run through the millrace of the Paris Milling Co. Assoon as all the necessary material ison the ground the work will be push.-ed forward to completion. The cost -willbe in the neighborhood of $15,000, and will be borne by the ParisWater Co., the Louisville & Nashvilleand the Paris Milling Co.The bridge crew have constructeda large platform for the concretemixers to be placed on. This platform is on the side of the railroadembankment overlooking the site oftthe new dam. From this platform,the mixed concrete will be sent downa chute to the handlers and placed inthe forms. The dam will be somewhat larger than the old one, and itis estimated it will back the watersup Stoner Creek several miles, to adepth of six feet or more, this insuring a plentiful water supply incase of a drouth. foAN EVEN HUNDRED.Since January 1, Mr. George R.Davis, of the George W. Davis undertaking establishment, has person- ,ally officiated at one hundred funer-als in this city and the county. Thefuneral of the late Mrs. Andrew J.--Reffert,Sr.f made the one hundredthoccasion for his services.HAIL INSURANCE.Hail insurance on tobacca.Thomas, Woodford & Bryanjune24-tf) 'HcyvsrThe suits we sell are tailoredand made by the best tailors.Style,WorkmanshipandQualityare to be found in Stein-Blochand Michael Sterns Clothes,whether for the young man orthe middle aged man.We can show you a vast assortment of colors and styles,and if you want service and satisfaction let your clothing comefrom our store. ,Summer Coatsand Trousersin Wool Crashes, Mohairs, PalmBeach and Kool KlothII$18 to $40Manhattan Shirts'.iTEE BOUEBON TOWS. PAMS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, JULY 18, 1TI1S.FMGE TWO1LIjJiliu i1 j-;5 ,fP1 IEVEBOURBONNEWSEstablished 188137 Years of Con, tinuous PublicationKMished Every Tuesday and EridayPer Ye&r..$2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Adavance.iWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Satered at the Paris, Kentucky,Poatoffice as Mall Matter of thei Etocond Clasg.)Any erroneous reflection upon thefchaxaoter, standing or reputation ofny person, firm or corporation which,(ay appear in? the columns o. THEBI7B3QN' NEWS will.be gladly corirated il brought to attention of thealitor.'ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perlaxh lor first time; 50 cents per inchMiok subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per line.jiach issue; reading notices in blackfcrpe, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards' of thanks, calls on candlAatee, obituaries and resolutions, andbimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rateB for large advertisefflraffl and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reseivedla decline any advertisement or otherBlatter for publication.Announcements for political officesfe&nst invariably be accompanied by$he cash.ANNOUNCEMENT.FOR REPRESENTATIVE" "We are authorized to announceHAS. H. THOMPSON, of Paris, as acandidate for the Democratic nomination for Representative from Bouribon County in the General Assembly of the Kentucky Legislature,subject to the action of the Democratic voters in the primary election,in August, 1919.We are authorized to announce N.'A. MOORE, of Paris, as a candidatefor the Republican nomination forRepresentative from Bourbon Countyin the General Assembly of the Kentu "''y Legislature.FOR CITY COUNCILMANEirst WardWe are authorized . to announceJAMES H. MORELAND .as a candidate for Councilman from the FirstWard, in the City of Paris, subjectto the action a of the voters in theprimary election, August, 1919..We are' authorized to announceN. FORD BRENT as a candidate for, Councilman in the First Ward of theCity of Paris, Ky., subject to actionof the Democratic party.We are authorized to announce J.'J. WILLIAMS as a candidate forCouncilman in the First Ward ofthe City of Paris, Ky., subject toac.tion of the Democratic party.We are authorized to announce.THOMAS KISER as a candidate forCouncilman in the First Ward of theCity of Paris, Ky., subject to actionof the Democratic party.Second WardWe are authorized to announceCATESBY SPEARS as a candidatefor Councilman in the Second Wardof the City of Paris, Ky., subject toaction of the Democratic party.We are -authorized to announce EDBURKE as a candidate for Councilman in the Second Ward of the Cityof. Paris, Ky., subject to action of theDemocratic party.i We are - authorized to announce'" Jla&rHi BRENT as a candidate for- Councilman in the Second Ward ofthe City of Paris, Ky., subject to theaction of the Democratic party.Third Ward.We are authorized to announce'GEORGE DOYLE as a candidate forCouncilman in the Third Ward of theCity of Paris, Ky., subject to actionof the "Democratic party.ifEDITOEIAL MUSINGS.Fond Of An Argument.If 'the persons who take an intellectual pride in thinking that theyare fond of an argument were tohear themselves described as quarrelsome, they would resent the chargewith indignation. In some instances, of course, the resentment wouldbe. justified; the intellectual satisfaction in carrying on an argument isnot inconsistent with the maintentince of good temper and self-control."Uahsppily, few persons are so wellfoalariced as to enjoy this purely intellectual pleasure without being excited" to an excessive vehemence. Assoonas you 'indicate, by words ortone i or look, scorn of incapacity tograsp the point that you have madeclear' or disgust with obstinacy that.-will inot concede defeat, your fondness 'for your argument has beentransformed into jealous rage on itsienalf.Tbt it is a failing of strong intellects as well as of weak ones to letthe argument degenerate into thequarrel has been lamentably attestedhy the public careers of innumerableeminent men. Statesmen who havedeclared the purpose of not descending to pernonalities in their discussion of public questions have moreoften than t not become involved inv,l)itterx quarrels -through "inability tomaintain self-control. Argumentgenerally excites passion, and passionleads to inflammatory speech.-For this reason the persons whofeel that they are fond of an argument would do well to curb that liking. Instead of taking advantage ofany and every opportunity to start adiscussion, they will act wisely ifthey resist almost any and everysuch temptation. Few things in theordinary daily intercourse of lifeare worth arguing about; withoutbetraying or sacrificing your convictions, you can change a topic of conversation that threatens to discloseinharmonious views j you can even,for the sake of pleasantness and goodfeeling, afford to let pass undebatedlittle assertions or expressions withwhich in your soul you take issue.There is a time for all things, butthere should be much less time forarguments than for anything else.Playing Safe.There is something lacking in aboy whose tendency in games andsports is, in the vernacular, to "playsafe." Is anything more repugnantto the ball player than to be told bythe captain as he is going to bat thathe must lay down a bunt? What boywould not always rather take ahealthy swing at the ball m the hopeof lining it out? And the circumstances in which a player is calledupon to bunt are always those thatwould cast over a clean hit to theoutfield a special glory. Similarly,the young and ardent tennis playerlobs the ball only when he is in sucha plight that he cannot do anythingelse with it; he much prefers to tryswift passing shots even though threetimes out of four they fail. In golfthe boy who would rather practiceputting than driving would be an abnormal sort of boy.To take risks is to show the truespirit ofyouth. If a boy does nottake risks in his games and sports,he not only never experiences the utmost exhilaration and joy of sport,but he is only half a sportsman. Hemay have the satisfaction of beatinghis opponent, but he will not havethe satisfaction of feeling that hehas "greatly dared and greatlywon."The best athletes are those who arecool and calculating, yet who arewilling, if need be, to put the gameto the hazard of a single brilliantstroke. The consistent policy ofplaying safe never advances a boybeyond mediocrity in any branch ofsport. Every boy who is a real boylongs to advance beyond mediocrityand is impatient of victories overadversaries who are merely secondrate. The growth of the habit ofplaying safe belongs to later years,when the man in order to maintainhimself against a livelier opponenthas to adopt defensive rather thanaggressive tactics. Even then it isthe bold chance successfully takenrather than the victory achieved bycareful method and cunning that lingers most pleasantly in the sportsman's memory.Scientists Want Big Guns For Scientific Study.If French astronomers and scientists can have their way, Germany'sBig Bertha gun that bombaidedParis from behind the German lineswill be used in conducting atmospheric experiments at altitudes neverbefore reached.M. de la Baume-Pluvinel, President of the Astonomical Society, isback of the movement to have BigBertha transformed from an instrument of war into one of scientificprogress.In fact M. de la Baume-Pluvinelasks that all of the heavy artillerytaken from the Germans be turnedover to the astronomers for higheratmospheric investigations. He insists that they-be given at least theBig Berthas.Up to the present time the preciseconstruction of the atmosphere at altitudes fifteen miles or such matteris merely one of speculation. Byshooting mechanically regibujringprojectiles into these upper altitudes,M. de la Baume-Pulvinel points outthat the most accurate and valuablescientific information can be attained. The French astronomer has figuredout that the Big Bertha gun, pointedvertically would send a projectile upto nearly 80,000 yards in about 125seconds. We do not know what thestatus of the atmosphere is at thataltitude. We do not know whetherits weight still continues; we do notknow whether terrestrial attractionstill exists there and whether as aconsequence the shell from the BigBertha would fall back to earth orwhether it would start off on anaerial hunt for other planets. In thelatter event it might open up a meansof communication with some of ourneighboring planets.French scientists have become sointerested in the possibilities of BigBertha as a means of scientific investigation that a large number ofthe details for its use have alreadybeen worked out.., oSUMMERCOMPLAINT QUICKLYRELIEVED.'"About two years ago when suffering from a severe attack of summercofmplaint, I took Chemberlain's Colicand Diarrhoea Remedy and it relieved me almost Instantly," writes Mrs.Henry Jewett, Clark Mills, N. Y. Thisis an excellent remedy for colic anddiarrhoea and should be kept athand by every family. x(july-adv)KENTUCKY CROP REBOKT .AS OFJULY 7, 1919.No day is long enough forfarmer at this busy -"season ofyear with everything comingonce. Labor shortage is acute.thetheatWetweather during May delayed seasonable planting to that some plaintingis yet to be done. Corn and tobacconeed cultivation; hay harvest is onhand; wheat harvest is nearing completion, with only about 17 per cent.of crop uncut on July 1st. somewheat is reported" as sprouting inshock. But lettle threshing of wheathas been done; however, early estimates on yield would -indicate an average of 14.9 bushels per acre 'whichis an increase over last' year's earlyestimates: This 'would' give a prospective production' of ' over fifteenmillion bushels hs year " in Kentucky. "Progress of growth of corn isgood. It is needing cultivation, however. Condition shows at 80 percent. Condition of oats shows at 88per cent, $vith a preliminary estimated yield of 24 bushels per acre ascompared with 25 bushels last year.Early estimate on rye is 14 bushelsper acre, while barley's average isgiven at 24 bushels. Barley acreageis about two per cent less than lastyear.Condition of Burley tobacco isgiven' at 80 per cent, while dark tobacco shows at 81 per cent. Yield ofhay is estimated at IY2 tons per acre.Condition of grass follow:Clover, 93 per cent.Bluegrass, 95 per cent.Orchard grass, 93 per cent.Acreage of cow peas is given at 82per cent, which is much less than lastyear, partially due to the high costand scarcity of seed. Condition isgiven at 85. Soy beans show anacreage of 88 per cent, and conditionof 85. Alfalfa acreage is considerably increased, the same being 99 percent, while estimated yield, first cutting, is Wz tons. Garden conditionsshow at 87 per cent, potatoes at 87per cent. Fruits are extremely shortcrop, showing from failure in certain localities to fair crop in others.Blackebrries areHhe exception, showing at 101 per cent.Live stock is reported in goodhealthy condition, 95 per cent of normal, while poultry shows at 93 percent.Items As To Cron Conditions by Districts :First District; West Central:More straw than wheat, heads notwell filled. Some corn being planted yet. Pastures fine. Hay harvestis late; corn and tobacco need cultivation. Labor is scarce.Second District; North Central:Wet weather has retarded cultivationof corn and cutting of wheat. Somedamage by wire worms. Progress ofgrowth of corn satisfactory.Third District; Northeast: Fourweeks of dry weather has causedcrops to be backward. Seasonableweather latter part of June has helped crops considerably. Winds andrains have damaged wheat.Fifth District; Central Section:Wheat harvest delayed on account ofrains. Corn as a rule is late. Muchwheat is tangled. Good stand ofclover.- Wire worms and cut wormsdamaging crops.Sixth District; East Central: Oatsunusually good; early potatoes shortcrop; corn looking fine; wheat notfilled out well; continued rains damaging wheat in shock.Seventh District; SouLh Western:Some are still planting corn. Growing corn in average good shape; tobacco looks well. First crop of alfalfa ruined on account of weatherconditions. Labor scarce.Seventh-A; Southeast South: Cornlate. All late crops owing to earlywet weather which has been followedby extreme dry spell. Tobacco notin good condition. Clover is readyfor cutting. Pastures god.Eighth District; South: Earlysetting of tobacco has been retardedon account of unfavorable season;corn is late and an uneven stand.Labor short; early potatoes shortcrop; prospects for late potatoesgood.Ninth District; South East Section: Excessive rains have causedgrass and weeds to get ahead of thegrowing crops. Very short applecrop. Oats above average.MAT S. COHEN,Commissioner of Agriculture.PIED TYPES.(Judge)The man who tells the bootblack"Keep the change, bo," and tells hiswife, "You think I'm the Bank ofEngland, don't you?"The boy who whistles "SilverThreads Among the Gold" while hispoor old gandmother slicks up afterhim.The girl who sings, "It's a LongWay to Tipperary" while her motherfinds it's an even longer way to thebottom of the dishpan.The man who says, "It's just theshank of the evening," at 2 a. m.,and yawns over his employer's business at 10:30.The girl who sings, "Bid Me Goodbye and Go," when if he did she'dhate his heart out.' The man who boasts that he cameover with the founders, and comesit over everybody else till theyfounder.o xGreat Britain, France, Italy andGermany, it is estimated, have acsumulated debts ranging from 30 tomore than 40 per cent, of their national wealth. " .MAY PUT MONKUY WHENCE INPROHIBITION:; MACHINE'While Congress is considering abill to enforce and make effective theprohibition amendment to the United States Constitution, a new possiblemonkey-wrench to the dry machineryis called up by the opinion of Chas.S. Rackeman, distinguished Bostonjurist, as an authority on constitutional law. In this opinion, Mr.Rackemann holds that Congressmust first pass legislation for the enforcement of the amendment, andthat then the legislatures of at least36 State must adopt the identical actpassed by Congress in order to makethe amendment effective.Quoting from Section 2 of theamendment to the -Federal Constitution, "the Congress and the severalStates shall have concurrent powerto enforce this article by appropriatelegislation," Mr. Rackemann holdsthat legislation by Congress withoutconcurrent legislation by at least 36States will not be sufficient to makethe amendment effective.. 0$50,000 SCHOOL BUILDING TO BEBUILT AT IRVINE.A $50,000 city school building willbe erected in Irvine in the near future. J. Virgil Chapman, RuralSchool Supervisor, has returned fromIrvine where he addressed a publicgathering on general school conditions, dealing particularly with thelocal conditions at Irvine. He emphasized the importance of betterschool buildings.Before the meeting sixteen prominent residents of Irvine pledged$12,000 toward the construction ofthe new school building. It was decided at the meeting to hold an election for the purpose ofissuing bondsto the constitutional limit to be usedfor the building. This sum will beaugmented by private donations.The constitutional limit in Irvine isthree per cent, of the assessed valueof property in that city.0INNOCENT SKETCHES ARE WARPLANS IN REALITYOne of the ingenious ideas of modern war strategy is to utilize artistskill in making a drawing of a fortification without betraying its purport on the surface. The spy makesa drawing which appears to be anordinary landscape. If caught with ithe might pose with comparative safety as an artist who had been sketching for pleasure and was entirely ignorant of the existence of any fortand its surroundings.Interpreted according to a secretcode, however, the picture reveals tothe spy's government a fairly complete plan of a fort. This is indicated by the character and positionof details.One kind of tree represents an armored gun turret.A bush is an observation turret.Other forms of trees are gun positions, a couple of gates are entrancesto the fort, a piece of fencing is abarbed wire entanglement, lines ofbushes are ditches, and so on.oThe fellow with nerve will oftengain success while the man withbrains is still hunting for it.But does the demand for competent stenographers exceed the demand for good-looking ones?Street Letting!BOARD OF COUNCIL, PARIS, KENTUCKY, BOURBON COUNTY.Sealed proposals will be received atthe office of the Board of Council, intheir office, in the City Building, until eight o'clock, P. M., July 28, 1&19,to construct the streets hereinafterdescribed and in the manner prescribed in an ordinance of series1919.Main street, in the City of Paris,Ky., from the North margin of Tenthstreet to the South margin of Fourteenth street.Also Pleasant street from theNorth margin of Second street to theSouth margin of Twelfth street.Bids will be received on VitrifiedBlock on a six inch concrete foundation; three types of Street Asphalton a six inch concrete foundation;Bitulithic Construction, on a six-inchconcrete foundation; and KentuckyRock Asphalt on seven inches ofmacadam foundation well rolled.Samples of Vitrified Block must befurnished.A certified check or bidders bond tothe amount of 10 of the aggregatebid, must be submitted with the bid.This check to be returned upon theexecution of the contract, and thebond of the approved surety received, as specified.A Surety Company bond satisfactory to the Board of Council will berequired of the successful bidder inthe sum of 30 of the estimated costof the work. The nature and extentof the bond required will be guarantee for a period of five years from theacceptance of the work by the Boardof Council, against any and all defects due to defective or faulty workmanship or material.The surety shall be a guarantee ofsurety company authorized to dobusiness in the State of Kentuckyand approved Hy the Board of Coun-.cil.Drawings and specifications ofwork will be on file in the office ofthe City Clerk.The Board of Council reserves theright to reject any and all bids andalso the right to award contracts tothe lowest and best bidder.Board of Council, City of Paris.E. B. JANUARY, Mayor,Z W. HAYDEN, City Clerk.(15-4t)WtenT&eJkybOyerWhen thehouseholdcares and theworries ofeveryday lifehave draggedyou down,made you unhappy, andthere is nothing in life butheadache, backache and worry, turn tothe right prescription, one gotten up byDr. Pierce fifty years ago.Everything growing out of the groundseems intended for some use in establishing natural conditions. Dr. Pierce, ofBuffalo, N. Y., long since found out whatis naturally best for women's diseases.He learned it all through treating thousands of cases. The result of his studieswas a medicine called Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription. This medicine is madeof vegetable growths that nature surelyintended for backache, headache, weakening, bearing-down pains, irregularities,pelvic inflammations, and for the manydisorders common to women in all ages oflife. Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription iamade of lady's slipper root, black cohoshroot, unicorn root, blue cohosh root andOregon grape root. Dr. Pierce knew,when he first made this standard medicine, that whiskey and morphine are injurious, and so he has always kept themout of his remedies. Women who takethis standard remedy know that in Dr.Pierce's Favorite Prescription they aregetting a safe woman's tonic so good thatdruggists "everywhere sell it, in liquid 01tablet form,PHILOLOGICAL.There is a certain young matronof Chicago whose social duties occupy so much of her time that shedoes not have much left for the careof her offspring, says the Youth'sCompanion.One day one of her children fellill and the mother hastily summonedthe family physician. She greetedhim at the door thus:"It doesn't seem to be anythingreally serious, doctor, but I do wishyou'd find out what is the matterwith Louise. The French maid leftthis morning and there isn't a soul inthe house that can understand whatthe poor child says."Notice to Stockholder.The Burley Tobacco Co. has declared a 6 dividend on its capitalstock, and payment will be made toits Bourbon -county stockholders bythe undersigned at the Bourbon Agricultural Bank and Trust Co.The company requires holders ofstock certificates to present themand payment can only be made whenthey are presented.JOHN T. COLLINS.Steer Taken Up.A red steer, weighing about 700 or800 pounds, has strayed to my place(the Hinton Farm) on the NorthMiddletown pike. Owner may havesame by proving property and paying charges,(ll-6t) R. L. WILSON.For SaleTwo splendid bred four-year-oldmares, city broke, and gentle, alsoone run-about, good as new.DR. FRANCIS P. CAMPBELL,(4-6t)Ponies Wanted!I will be in Paris on the market onSaturday, July 19, 1919.to purchase ponies from 45 inches to55 inches, gentle for children. Ifyou have good stock for sale, see mein Paris on that date.FRANK PETERS,(11-15-18) Springfield, Ky.Public SaleOEDesirable Residence!As agent for the heirs of the lateMiss Belle Mitchell, I will sell atpublic auction, on the prejmises, onPleasant street, onThursday, July 24, 1919,at two o'clock, p. m., the desirableresidence of Miss Belle Mitchell, oneof the most desirably located andwell-constructed modern homes incity. The residence is a two-storybrick, with slate roof; right side ofthe street; near business center, carlines and churches.This home has all the modern conveniences; good furnace, and is ingood repair. Can be seen at anytime by appointment.At the same time and place I willsell the household effects, comprisingmany useful articles, includingchairs, tables, rugs, carpets, sideboard, dressers, beds, etc.J. T. VANSANT, Agent.M. P. Kenney, Auctioneer.11 Ti iwm ttesRliiii(8-5t)HONEKILLEDMEATSVealPorkBeefLambIt's the BestTo Be HadMftRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketAetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityAnd OtherCasualtiesA. J. FEEAGENTfrilmnli'JTTUlllUlU 3FreshHomelBaked Breads,Cakes, Pies, Etc.DailyFreshMeats,Roasts,Steaks,Chops, Fancy Goods.FamousCoffees and TeasWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376SSurton Js1 Confectionery Store 1Successor to Adami & Santi.IIAGENT POR M. JJBOLDMANUEL, COUNSELOR,AND SONADA CIGARSAdami's Famous Recipe forS! making delicious Ice Cream.ml Soda Water and MixedDrinks still used.Bulk Ice CreamK (Made from Pure Cream)delivered for home use.I Fancy Ices for Parties1jjjj HIGH CLASS BOX1 CANDIES.For tht BEST, Set Us,IfmNOIIRTMIijinniin uuiiiuii:iXHXMXliadh. ir ' FRIDAY, JULY 18, 1919.THE BOUMOlf HEWS, PAMS, EEKTOCKT?AS2-DOCTOR URGEDAN OPERATIONInstead I took Lydia E. Pink-- ham's Vegetable Compoundand Was Cured.DEALPOE SALE,, OP ORIENTALPARK DECLARED OPPBaltimore, Md. "Nearly four yearsI suffered from organic troubles, nervousness and headaches and everymonth would have tostay in bed most ofthe time. Treatments would relieveme for a time butmy doctor was always urging me to-have an operation.My sister asked mei try Lydia E. Pink-fa a m's Vegetabley Compound before0 consenting to anyl operation. I tookfive bottles of it andib aoj vuuiuictciycured me and mvwork is a pleasure. I tell all my friendswho Have any trouble cf this kind whatLydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound has done for me.' Nellie B.Brittingham, 609 CalvertonRd., Baltimore, Md.It is only natural for any woman todread the thought of an operation. Somany women have been restored tohealth by this famous remedy, Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, afteran operation has been advised that itwill pay any woman who suffers fromeuch ailments to consider trying it before submitting to such a trying ordeal.. jc ra mvNNI VJaU.A OlATy'ST !?!'.mj mh i1 (.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.STATE SUPT. ANNOUNCES LARGEST SCHOOL PER CAPITA.FRANKFORT, KY., July 17. V.O. Gilbert State Superintendent ofPublic Instruction, Monday announced the per capita for the publicschools of this state to be $6.10.This is the state's largest schoolper capita and means an increase forthe teachers in their pay of over$650,000 over last year. The teachers will receive in public money thisyear nearly $4,uuu,uuu irom thestate.The State Auditor reported to Gilbert that there would be $4,008,428available from the state for schoolpurposes. Out of this sum must beset aside a fund sufficient to run theDepartment of Education, which Gilbert has provided. He said Mondayif the State School Department ofEducation won its contention in theinheritance tax cases which are nowpending in the Court of Anpeals,there would be added $500,000' to theschool fund.LEXINGTON, KY., July 17. Thedeal for the sale of Oriental Park inHavana, for which, negotiations liavebeen pending1 between George "W.Loft, of New York, and Curley Brownfor some time, is o"!f. The formerCongressman has given as his reasonfor ending negotiations the insistanceon the part of Brown to dictate tothe management of the plant.It is stated authoritatively thatthe Thoroughbred Horse Associationhas taken the place of G. W. Loft inthe new negotiations for the purchaseof the racing plant and this organization has an option on. sixty-fiveper cent of the stock. The statementappearing in the Daily Racing Formconcerning the negotiations is to theeffect that Edward F. Simms, ofTexas and Kentucky, and who is oneof the owners of the powerful stableracing in the name of J. W. McClelland, will give $1,000,000 forthe racing plant without any conditions. A meeting was held in the Pennsylvania Hotel in New York on Saturday, at which Thomas C. McDowelland J. O. Keene, of Lexington, representing the Thoroughbred Horse Association, and Brown, represent thethe stockholders of Oriental Park,were present. Nothing was done atthe meeting toward the purchase ofthe track, but Brown was plainlytold the views of the committee ofthe Thoroughbred Horse Association,based on complaints and presentvalues.Curley Brown built the track atJacksonville and after operating itat a large profit found himself closedout by the authorities of the Stateof Florida. He built the track atHavana, and has managed to makemoney. It is not believed in caringcircles that the suggestion to build arival plant in Havana will be supported by the Thoroughbred HorseAssociation, the opinion prevailingthai. Messrs. McDowell and Keenewill bring about a solution of the tivesdifiiculties, and as a result tne oriental Park track will become theproperty of a syndicate or be purchased outright by Edward F.Simms.oComings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Miss Agnes Turner is visitingfriends in Knoxville, Tenn.Mrs. J. T. Martin is recoveringfrom an illness of two weeks' duration. Miss Delia Shrouti has returnedto Carlisle after a visit to Parisfriends.-TVIrs. Connie Lisle, of near Paris,is a guest of Mrs. Rufus Lisle, inWinchester.Miss Nellie McClintock has goneto Buffalo Springs, Va., for a twoweeks' vacation.Mrs. John Wright, of Paris, isa guest of Mr. and Mrs. FrankWright, in Winchester.Miss Allene Sauer has returnedfrom a visit to relatives in Cincinnati and Dayton, Ohio.Mr. Fred Weckesser, of the BusyBee Cash Store, is spending his vacation at Crab Orchard Springs.Miss Henrietta Howard, of Cypress street, has as guest at her homeMiss Mabel Bell, of Cynthiana.Mrs. W. E. Board, of Norton Infirmary, in Louisville, is a guest offriends and relatives in this city.Dr. Louis Frank and Dr. BenFrank have returned to Louisville,after a visit to relatives in this city.Mr. and Mrs. Jos. James have asguest at their home on Parrish avenue Miss Clara Highland, of Covington. Misses Lillian and Macie Collins, of Louisville, are guests of theiraunt, Mrs. J. Will Thomas, in thiscity.Mr. Desha Lucas, of Virginia, isspending a few days' vacation in thiscity as a guest of friends and rela-United States Tiresare Good Tires -PARIS TESTIMONY.LEMON JUICE - "FOR FRECKLESGirls! Make beauty lotion tora few cents Try It!Squeeze the juice of two lemonsinto a bottle containing three ouncesJo orchard white, shake well, andyou have a quarter pint of the bestfreckle and tan. lotion, and complexion beautifler, at very, verysmall cost.Your grocer has the lemons andany drug store or toilet counterwill supply three ounces of orchardwhite for a few cents. Massagethis sweetly fragrant lotion into theface, neck, arms and hands each dayand see how freckles and blemishesdisappear and how clear, soft androsy-white the skia becomes. Yes!It is harmless and never irritates,farja (aprl8-tf-F)In a woman's novel the principalingredients are love, money and matrimony.Home Proof, Here, There and Everywhere.When you see Doan's Kidney Pillsrecommended in this paper you mostalways find the recommender a Parisresident. It's the same everywherein 3,800 towns in the U. S. Fiftythousand people publicly thankDoan's. What other kidney remedycan give this proof of merit, honestyand truth? Home testimony maustbe true or it could not be publishedhere. Read this Paris recommendation. Then insist on having Doan's.You will know what you are getting: Phillip M. Heller, proprietor meatmarket, 722 Main street, says: "Ihave used Doan's Kidney Pills a fewtimes in the past and have beengretly benefited by them. At timesmy back was weak and lame and thekidney secretions passed too frequetly, making me get up often atnight. I have used a box of Doan'sKidney Pills at those times and theyhave always rid me of the complaint.I think they are a splendid medicineand gladly recommend them."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Heller had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.(adv)ROMANS USED QUEER BALLOTS.Black beans ana white beans werfused by the ancients in gatheringthe votes of the people for the election of magistrates, A white 'beansignified an "aye" and a black one a"nay." When a politician failed-.toget elected he literally had "spilledthe beans."&i:::":H!Ksm!iiw:!:!!KUKK:;!!:K: ::You fifesfcst-2. t:::::;:;j:5n;iusinHUtm:Utly Cffe to CMIdrea I$ , 1? Then why er've Jc Co rycrstn "'J o$3ItrrciksrYou can picasanclyuscreetabie4ieifamilyvj :crfov rivingnaii3 . rig?4-LeiBoiled fill 1 5 minutes arboiling begins, itmuch iike suoeriit's an economy.VfxY,Visvvxstescoffee.t isAt.Grocers.t"I , Twosilesusuelly sold at ISCvand 25c- eKllilli;a5Uiiil:'Jf:.jiIll:HK1IHIllIIilI23:m3ulilaTmlIllHKKMrs. Lee Beall, of Danville, is aguest of Mr. and" Mrs. Harry O.James, at their home on Pleasantstreet.Mrs. Garrett Jefferson has returned from a visit to her brother,Mr. Rice Worthington, in St. Petersburg, Florida.Mrs. Max Straus and daughter,Miss Caroline Straus, of Avondale,Cincinnati, are visiting Mr. and Mrs.William Shire.Mr. Richard Wollstein, of Harrodsburg, is a guest of his uncles, Mr.Charles Goldstein and Mr. LouisWollstein, in this city.Miss Prances Hancock has returned from a visit to Columbus, O.,where she attended the sessions ofthe Methodist Centenary.Mrs. Wesley Pogle, of near Paris,recently underwent an operation atthe Massie Memorial Hospital, in thiscity. She was reported yesterday" asdoing very well.Mr. Michael Thornton, of Chicago, is visiting his mother, Mrs.Anna Thornton, and his sisters, Mrs.John J. Connell and Mrs. Denis Dundon, in this city.Mr. Coleman Renick has arrivedfrom Chicago for a visit to his parents, Mr. and Mrs. B. M. Renick, ofDuncan avenue. Since the conclusion of the war Mr. Renick has beenengaged in the chemical departmentof a large concern in Chicago.Misses Mary and Julia Edwards,Julia and Margaret Calnan and Mr.Edward Welsh, of Paris, MissesWelsh, James and John Welsh, Wm.Burns and Miss Catherine Burns, ofCenterville, attended the 'funeraland burial of Mj:. James Walker, inLexington.Miss Jennie Kenney, of Roswell,New Mexico, as-arrived for. a visitto her brothers, Charles T. and Robert Kenney, in this city, and Mr. MattKenney, in the county. En route toParis,, .Miss Kenney stopped over inNewport, .fora visit to her cousin,Miss Julia Hamilton.-Miss Mary,, kenney Webber, ofParis, is a rtiember.of a house partybeing entertained this week by MissLaura Hart, at her suburban homenear Mt. Sterling. Other members ofthe party vare Misses VirginiaThrockmorton, of 'Lexington, MaryMarian. Moore,, of -Jishland, and SueChenault, of Richmond.Mr. and Mrs. Robert M. Hintonand little son, of Georgetown, are inParis to spend the remainder of thesummer. They are occupying theapartments of Mr. and Mrs. C. O.Hinton, on Mam street. Air. . w.Hinton remains very ill at the nomeof his father-in-law, Mr. James McClure, on Vine street.Mr. and Mrs. Roger Q. Thomsonand daughter, Mrs. Robert Cain andlittle daughter, of Columbia, S. C,who have been guests of Mrs. JohnT. Hinton, in this city, for severaldays, have gqne to Hendersonville,in the mountains of North Carolina,where they will spend the remainderof the summer. They will he joinedthere soon by Mr. Roger Q. Thomson,Jr., who has just returned from overseas, rh Several social functions - havebeen 'given and -are .Seing: planmed inhonor of "Miss Margaret Griffith,JKansas City,. :Mo.. who is.,the ttra-1 tive,guestof herjcousin Miss NancyGriffith, on Pleasant street, m iukfar. Miss .Rachel Wigglfts entertained 'delightfully with a bridgeparty Monday .afternoon, at her homenear Hutchison. Miss Nancy Griffithentertained Wednesday with a luncheon-bridgeat her home on Pleasantstreet in honor of her house-guest,followed by a card party at the homeof Mrs. Woodford C. Daniel. Severalother social events are planned forthe remainBer of the week:(Other Personate o Page 5)KWwrMMMm - i Mr 'wrs rmmtii mu-.H iv mm i tail -m i?nB9 . m Mmmmmm"iPlain's2'-.The Real Thing Right ThroughPut United States Tires under your car andyou'll find them the real thing.They're built to wear to give you the kindof economical service you want And thafsjusf what they do.Hundreds of thousands of regular users willvouch for that lots of them right around hereJThere are five distinct types of United StatesTires one for every need of price or use.sy"vWe have exactly the ones for your car ;We KNOW United States Tires are good tires. That's why .we sell them.PARIS GAEAGE (Eugene Roberts) Paris, Zy. "RUGGLES MOTOR CO , Paris, Ky.MULERSBURG HARDWARE CO., Millersburg, Ky.J. W. MITCHEII. & SON North Middletown, Ky.SECRETARY GLASS WILL HAVETO ACT aUICKLY.An unusual situation has arisen inconnection with efforts of the PublicHealth Service, backed by the Treasury Department, to locate a sanitarium at Dawson Spirngs, Ky., andothers elsewhere at points throughout the country to the sanitaria to beused for the care of ill and disabledsoldiers and sailors.After a hard fight the DawsonSprings proposition and those alliedwith it got through both, Houses ofCongress in connection with a billwhich, authorizes he Secretary of theTreasury to investigate and selectthe location, for them.tinder this law Dawson Springs undoubtedly would be finally selectedas one of these institutions. However, Chairman Goode, of the HouseCommittee on Appropriations, has introduced a bill which, if passed, willtake from the hands of the Secretaryof the Treasury the selection of theseinstitutions and place the matterwith a commission which would be-Appointed tp investigate and then seJlect the locations. ;However, it is believed that Secretary Glass will act promptly in selecting and recommending the sitesfor these hospitals and that the .matter will be closed up fairly promptly,in which event plans made for location of a sanitarium at DawsonSprings would be approved and car-iried into effect)Mi 1 1 1'M'H'MllHi HH'tW HI I4f 1 1 1 Ml I HI 1HMIHWAR CROSSES ON SALE FOR $5IN NEW YORK PAWNSHOPThe J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSi1American distinguished servicetcrosses and French war crosses won?by American soldiers on the battlefields of Prance at risk of their livesare obtainable in New York pawnshops for the insignificant sum of $5,it has been learned. ', Several pawnshop pixprie'torswhodisplayed the gaily ribboned emblemof heroism in1 their' dingy shops explained that they had been sold outright by soldiers who felt the pangsof hunger, but were trio "proud to Beg".They were sold outright because tHeir"pawn" value was insufficient o purchase a square meal.oCHAMBERLAIN'S COLIC AND DIARRHOEA" REMEDYThis medicine always wins thegood opinion, if not the praise ofthose who use it.- Try it when youhave any need of such a remedy.(july-adr)Mainand SixthStreetsAND MMBALMMRSParis Ky.Day phone 3Nlsht s . 56or HomC'286Motor tquipmtnt.. Ambulance calls promptly attended U with tutLimousine Invalid Coach. VHearst ustd for funeral purposes only g?(vtaavaKtBnaBtBBaaaaaaa1 flBataaHBKaxBtBBHBaaaaaaaaVmmWSnSBSLmmmmHraS9aij!Ii r--- , .PIMUMMJ JAJJ MW iUJLM MJJ U ! M M M I M Jt.0 ulrA MAN AND HIS WE?X r ."O -i2 may both derive BaiisfactipoJy having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us The.cost is nominal, white the pleisure of wearing oid clothes thatnave.theappearance of new; isiunctbJfcrie SriowjrtIn'at you .are effecting agwt"vlng, mustureiy satftfy ywmJ A phone, brings us.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 Horn Phome 16S.MLGE IOTI 'GVITOITHE BOUBBOH HEWS, PUIS, TXBTUCttsrww-intoI FRIDAY, JULY 18, 1919. tA,flv i1M-I.30AKD OF ELECTION COMMIS-3nSSI0NEES ANNOUNCEELECTION OFFICERS.The Bourbon County Board ofElection Commissioners, composed ofSheriff W. G. McClintock, Mr. JohnM. Brennan and Mr. W. G. Talbot,met at the 2ourt House, Tuesday afternoon, and appointed election offiAN OPENLETTER'Irvine, Kentucky,"July 14, 1919.; "To Hazard Herald,"Hazard, Ky.'In your issue of June 19, youmake mention of the fact that certaincandidates for Railroad Commissioner in the Third DiRtrint: had with-cerstor tne twenty voting precincts Um n fa f tuv vQrCniQ ohrP fVio n,ml,r i- i V. -J ..... . .v.wi . i,x. u.xiwiv, uixuvi -"c vjuulv. tu aeive l-u. Liie tru1mary election to be held August 2.The following were appointed to.serve as election officers:Paris No. 1 Newton Mitchell and"William Goodloe, Judges; ThomasButler, Sheriff, and Winn Hutchcraft, Clerk.Paris No. 2 Swift Champ and W.C. Snapp, Judges; John Mattox,Sheriff, and T. T. Templin, Clerk.Paris No. 3 Frank Kiser andJohn Stuart, Judges; Alex Rice, Sheriff, and James R. Stivers, Clerk.Paris No. 4 M. J. Murphy andU. T. Ingram, Judges; C. J. Lancaster, Sheriff, and William White,Clerk.Paris No. 5 Millard Kenney andCarl Williams, Judges; Harry Collins, Sheriff, and J. D. Shy, Clerk.Paris No. 6 J. W. Thomas and'Wyatt Thompson, Judges; ClarenceThomas, Sheriff, and W. B. McCurdy,Clerk.Millersburg No. 1 Nat Collierand J. S. Shoptaugh, Judges; BertMcClintock, 'Sheriff, and J. S. Kennedy, Clerk..Millersburg No. 2 X.ayson. Tarrand Ed. Wagner, Judges; ThomasWadell, Sheriff, and John Hunter,Clerk.little Rock No. 1 HoustonCrouch and Ed. Thomasson, Judges;S. P.-Burris, Sheriff, and C. G. HanksClerk.Little Rock No. 2 Frank Collinsand F. J. Day, Judges; ClarenceKenney, Sheriff, and M. 0. Wills,Clerk.North. Middletown No. 1 BertRash and W. A Thomasson, Judges;Frank Sledd, Sheriff, and J. M. Murphy, Clerk.North Middletown No. 2 BenWoodford, Jr., and O. T. Wagner,Judges; C. C. Hadden, Sheriff, andW. R. Tuttle, Clerk.Hutchison No. 1 Robert Meteerand H. S. Ritchie, Judges; GuySmith, Sheriff, and W. K. Dudley,Clerk.Hutchison No. 2 William Arderyand J. L. Horton, Judges; JohnWright, Sheriff, and W. W. Hall,Clerk.Clintonville No. 1 Varden Shippand Letcher Weathers, Judges; Richard Darnaby, Sheriff, and Joe Bell,Clerk.Clintonville No. 2 J. Frank Clayand Roy Pepper, Judges; C. V.Higgins, Sheriff, and George Leeds,Clerk.Centerville No. 1 Joe Shannonand E. F. Poe, Judges; John Welch,Sheriff, and D. Hume, Clerk.Centerville No. 2 Joseph Ewaltand Ewalt Haley, Judges; CalvinJones, Sheriff, and Clay Owens,Olerk.Ruddles Mills No. 1 Al. Robertsand Arthur Morehead, Judges; Jas.H. Fisher, Sheriff, and StrautberMahorney, Clerk.Ruddles Mills No. 2 Steele Marshand Sidney Hough, Judges; Roy Batterton, Sheriff, and Watt Gifford,Clerk.oIMPORTANT NOTICE!Consideration of the contemplatedextensions and improvements in ourservice, which we have in jmind hasresulted, in a slight delay in gettingout our July bills.In order that we may be enabledto carry through these plans with allpossible dispatch, it is necessary thatour customers for their part givepropmt attention to the payment oftheir accounts, which will be rendered within a few days.We wish particularly to call attention to delinquent accounts,which, we hardly feel justified incarrying further.It is our firm belief that with theco-operation of the public we can deTelop a service which will be a decided improvement even over thatwhich we have heretofore been ableto furnish.PARIS WATER COMPANY,Newton Mitchell, Superintendent.in this article you intimate thatJudge Allen Cisco and I should go towork and have our brothers ClayCisco and E. C. Kash withdraw.' "You also say that 'Mr. Cisco andMr. Kash were requested to attendthe candidates meeting, but did notdo so.' I am writing to advise youthat E. C. Kash was not advised ofany such meeting, and I was -not advised of it, and no one was advisedof it until after it happened. I aminformed by Judge Cisco that he hadno notice of it. It is a well-knownfact that my brother was a candidate, and also that Mr. Cisco was acandidate. Therefore, it cannot "besaid that E. C. Kash is in any wisebound by the action of a meeting towhich he was not a party and ofwhich he had no notice."At the State Convention at Lexington a Ninth District man, J. L.McCoy was a candidate for Secretary of State, and he withdrew infavor of Judge Fred Vaughn, ofPaintsville, in the Tenth District.The Ninth District has no candidateon the State ticket. The Ninth District has more counties in thisRailroad Commissioner District thanany other Congressional district."We are entirely in the interestof party harmony. We are in thefight primarily to help the Republican ticket in November, and this weexpect to do. My brother, E. C.Kash, has always been an active andconsistent supporter of the Republican party and its candidates and willcontinue to be."We are willing to leave it to theRepublicans of this entire RailroadCommissioner district as to who theircandidate shall be."Yours truly,"KELLEY KASH."(adv-lt)CERTIFICATION OF BOURBONCOUBTTTS TAX ASSESSMENT NTHE NEWS is in receipt of the following communication from the StateTax Commission at Frankfort, whichshows the second recapitulation ofthe assessment of Bourbon countyfor the year 1919:"To Hon. Robert L. Greene, Auditorof Public Accounts, Frankfort, Ky."Dear Sir: The second recapitulation showing the assessment ofBourbon county for the year 1919,together with the changes thereonby the Board of Supervisors for saidcounty, has been received by thisCommission and the same is now approved and ordered certified to youas required by law, viz:"Total assessed value of live stock,$2,515,269."Less Exemptions from live stock,.00."Live stock subject to State Tax$2f515,26910c $2,515.27."All other property assessed, $28,403,15040c $113,612.64."Total assessment of said county,$30,918,428."Total taxes due the State, $116,127.91. "Exempted from county tax:"Intangible personal property, $2,440,582. "Agricultural implements. $197,293. "Manufacturing machinery, $3,175. "Raw Material at plant, $40,525."Total exempted, $2,681,575."Total amount subject to countytax, $28,236,853."All of which is hereby certified."BEN MARSHALL,"Secretary."oMSS HUNT TO VISIT BOURBONPARIS WATER COMPANYWe have 3iaff numerous inquiriesregarding a supposed -advance in ourcharges for water, and, therefore,wish to state that there has been NOCHANGE since that announced inour circular and advertisement oflast December, when we restored theold contract rates, with an additionof ten per cent, to make up in partfor increased costs to us.Any increase in the amount of yourJuly bill over those of April and January is explained by the fact that theentire ten per cent, increase referred to above was not applied untilJuly 1st.DOMESTIC RATES.(Effective January 1, 1919)First Faucet $6.60Additional Faucets 2.20First Bath 5.50Additional Bath 3.30First Closet 5.50Additional Closets . 3.30First Hose . 6.60Additional Hose 2.20THE NEWS has received the following from the Department of Publicity, Lake Division of the AmericanRed Cross, at Cleveland, O., advisingthe coming of Miss Hunt, Red Crossnurse, to Bourbon, to-morrow:"Foresight is the reason back ofthe visit of Miss Hunt in yourcounty, July 19."The American Red Cross aims toprepare ahead of time for the returnof the influenza epidemic predictedby medical authorities for this winter. "To this end the organization isrouting Red Cross nurses as speakerson Chautauqua platforms through theLake Division States Ohio, Indianaand Kentucky."Miss Hunt will tell about theRed Cross course in Home Care of theSick and Dietitics and will urge everyyoung woman of the county who isplanning for her future at this timeto consider the opportunity for service she will have as Red Crossnurse."KKJAL OIL COMPANY PLANS SKYSCBAPER FOB DANVILLEThe Danville Daily Messenger of'Tuesday prints the following:'Mr. C. L. Bell, of Paris, Ky., president of the Co-operating Land andDevelopment Co., a corporation whichrecently purchased the house and loton the corner of Fourth and Mainstreets in Danville, from Mrs. MaryBruce, was in this city yesterday andto-day making plans for the erectionof the proposed 'sky scraper' for DanTille. Mr. E. L. Ford, the local manager, and Mr. Bell informed the DailyMessenger that work will start at anearly date on razing the old buildingand the erection of a new five-storystructure. The new building will beneed for business houses on the firjstUoor and for offices on some of theother .floors. It has not been decided-what other space In the building-wiH boused for. The building, whencompleted will be quite an additionto j3ur growing little city and onethat has Jong been needed."METERED RATES.(Effective January 1, 1919)For quantity averaging less than1,000 gallons per day, $.275 per1,000 gallons.For l,00t) to 5,000 gallons per day,$.242 per 1,000 gallons.For 5,000 to 10,000 gallons perday, $.22 per 1,000 gallons.For 10;000 to 20,000 gallons perday, $.198 per 1,000 gallons.For more than 20,000 gallons perday, $.176 per 1,000 gallons.Minimum charge, $16.50 per yar.Any old meter rates for water forspecial purposes which conflict withthis schedule have been abolished.OVERDUE ACCOUNTS.We .find on our books many accounts which are three months ormore overdue, and, as it is impossible for us to continue to furnish water unless we are properly andpromptly reimbursed, we are reluctantly obliged to announce that unless such bills are paid on or beforeJuly 17, service to these delinquentcustomers will be discontinued. Insuch cases the service will not be resumed until the full amount due usis paid, together with a charge of$1.00 for turning on.BUJLB DUE.All bills are due and payable onpresentation, and are rendered onthe first day of January, April, Julyand October, and hereafter must bepaid on the 15th of the same month,or service will be discontinued.Your co-operation will avoid forcing us to take the unpleasant stepsindicated above.PARIS WATER COMPANY,Newton Mitchell, Supt.July 12, 1919.oBOURBON HORSES ENTERED INBREEDERS' FUTURITYREMOVAL NOTICE.The office of the Paris Water Co.has been removed to the corner ofMain and Broadway, in the Agricultural Bank building, where in thefuture all business will be transacted. Patrons are requested to call atonce in reply to the notices justmailed to each consumer notifyingthem of ttieir indebtedness to ourcompany. Water bille are now duedating from July 1 to October 1,Water rents not paid in 15 days willcause your service to be discontinued.PARIS WATER COMPANY,(11-tf) Newt. Mitchell, Supt.'IN THE SERVICE OF THEIRCOUNTRY.Sergeant Robert L. Simms, whohas been a guest for several days ofhis aunt, Mrs. J. S. Simms, nearParis, has returned to his home inChicago. Sergt. Simms has but recently returned from an extendedservice overseas, where he was amember of the Thirty-second U. S.Engineer Corps, in the American Expeditionary Forces.PARIS MAN VICTIM OF HOLD-UPGAME.Private Thos. Elder arrived "backhome" from France, Tuesday night,and is a guest at the home of his parents, Mr. and Mrs. F. S. Elder.Tommie has been in the service withthe Engineering Corps of the American Expeditionary Forces in Francefor several months. He was not longin donning civilian clothes, in orderto see how it felt to be a plain American citizen again. He will probablyreturn to his old position in the Louisville & Nashville's service.Private Wm. M. Slack, of Winchester, a brother of Mrs. Grant Robinson, of Paris, was killed in action atthe Argonne Forest, in France, onOctober 9, 1919, according to theofficial report just received by his father, Mr. J. W. Slack, of Winchester.The report complimented youngSlack for bravery, and stated that hehad been previously recommended fora Distinguished Service Cross. Hehad been reported as missing.Information was received here tothe effect that Thomas Parker, sonof Mr. and Mrs. George Parker, ofParis, had been the victim recentlyof an attempted hold-up in Cleveland, Ohio. Mr. Parker was walkingalong the lake front, when he wasattacked by three men, one of whomheld a revolver at his head. Another held him, while the third manproceeded to search the victim's pockets. Parker's cries for assistance broughtthe police to the scene and the threehold-up men fled, without securingany booty. It is thought one of themen was wounded by a shot fired byone of the police, as he was seen tostagger, being helped away by hiscomrades.Mr. Parker is a telegraph operator, and was formerly in charge ofthe local office of the Western Unionand also in the Postal TelegraphCo.'s office, in Lexington. Severalweeks ago he was married in Jefferson ville, Ind., to Miss Berryman, ofLexington, a niece of Mr. CharlesBerryman, manager of the ElmendorfFarm.LostEither in Paris, or on the road be- -tweenParis and Little Rock, a white fStetson hat. Suitable reward will bepaid for return to the undersigned,or to the Paris Billiard Co., corner 'of Main and Fourth streets, Paris,(lt-pd) THOS. CROUCH.LostBetween Little Rock and Paris, .aroll of money containing about sixdollars in currency. Finder will confer a favor on a poor old colored woman by returning it to Miss JessieBrown, Paris, or toBETTIE HJLLMAN, . ,(15-lt) Little Rock, Ky.TAXLESS AND HOMELESS DOCS.A good many tagless and possiblyhomeless dogs have been noticed loafing around Paris recently. It seemsas if somebody had brought some ofthem in and turned them loose to getrid of the job of paying the tax onthem or of killing the dog. Somebodymay get into trouble if they arecaught at that little game.PUBLIC NOTICEParis, Ky., July 17, 1919.The season of the year especiallysuggests to the community the propriety of boiling all water used fordrinking or domestic purposes,,whether such water be from hydrant,well, cistern or spring. Safety is being clearly indicated and those following the above advice can not gowrong and neither can any have regret. A. H. KELLER,City Health Officer.By Order Board of Health.(18-tf)THE SUGAR TRUST HAS US.WHEATTHRESHINGLTO.PROGRESS-The hot, dry weather of the pastfew days has "been, very favorable forwheat threshing, and most farmersIn this county have finished. Theyield is not generally as good as hadDeen hoped for, but the auality is reported as being from, fair to medium.The Paris Milling Co. was paying$2.14 ,per bushel for.jjew "wheat yes,tru t iif,. j 4Among the forty-six entries in theLexington Breeders' Futurity, to bedecided during the meeting at Lexington, September 13-20 are sevenfrom the stables of Mr. EdwardSimms, of the Xalapa Stock Farm,near Paris. The race, which is fortwo-year-olds, will have an estimatedvalue of $5,600 to the winner. Mr.Simms' entries are as follows:Phantom Fair, b f, by Peter QuinceBellite.Rory O'Moore, ch c, by CeltPyramid.Richelieu, ch c, by Celt Network,y Hurry, b c, by Rock View Moonlet. Watersmett, b f, by McGee JessieL. "& 'Dainty Moored b c, by McGeePolly Grant. ' ,tRfesen-pn, b c. by Grant BritainCrystalMainl '.$ i ,That the country is in the grip ofthe sugar trust is the firm convictionof a large majority of our people,who can see no relief for the present.The Trust lias selected just the opportune time for squeezing the screwon the consumer. Just at blackberryharvest sugar is used in greaterquantities than at almost any othertime in the year. The blackberrycrop is a very large one, and the demand for sugar is a proportionatelylarge one.And the wholesalers have no sugar,the retailers have a very little sugarand the refiners claim they are onthe "short" end of the supply of rawgoods. But the price to the consumergoes up and up just the same. Manyare using brown sugar, which doesvery well for making jam, thoughmany people who have been used tothe granulated article turn up theirnoses at using the sugar we were allglad to get fifty years ago, and eventwo years ago. The trust has us bythe short hair, and they will make uscome across to the tune of about fifteen cents per pound or do withoutjam and preserves this winter.There is still little relief in sightfrom the sugar famine which is being experienced by the housekeepersand others, of . Paris and Bourboncounty ana tne grocers say tnere isvery little, sugar available yet. ThePower Grocery Co. .has several carloads under contract to be deliveredin the near future, but communications from the refiners state that theyare unable to set a definite datedate when this sugar can be delivered. oBEAUTIFUL PORCH. FURNITURE.SUMMER NECESSITIES ATBIGEEDUQTION.All our summer goods at specialprices. "We can -save you monev'onporch furniture, oil stoves and ovens,rugs, porch shades and all kinds ofsummer goods if you will buy during July. Three large show roomsfull to select from.E. M; WHEELER,(1-tf) Hobneel Building.!Kix133The Greatest Values Ever Offered the Public of Bourbon County7,O X JL JL. JL IIJL J.ChangG-iE-Business Sale !Our Entire Stock of Ready-to-Wear and DryGoods Sacrificed For Immediate ClearanceA MESSAGE TO MY FRIENDS AND PATRONS!11KKIN order to be relieved of some of the cares which the Dersonal attention Mlave imposed uoon me. I have sold an 8to my stores in Paris and Lexington have imposed upon me, I have sold aninterest in my Paris store to MR. R. GOLDSTEIN, of Cincinnati, whoassumed management of the Paris store on July 1st' It is my wish to dispose of as much of my stock as possible before makinginvoice. In order to accomplish this desire, I have decided to sacrifice every article in my stock regardless of former cost or present value.Much of this merchandise was bought long before the .present high prices, sothose of you who attend this sale may expect some rare bargains.MARRY SIMON.A Few of the Many Savings Offered in This Sale I1Ladies' Suits.'One lot Suits, $25, $30, $35Suits, $39.50, atSuits, 50.00, atSuits, 60.00, at ,Suits, 69.50, at ,$16.9827,5034.7545.0049,50XLadies' Silk and GeorgetteDressesLadies'Ladies'Ladies'Dresses, $39.50, at.Dresses, 49.50, at.Dresses, 75.00, at.$29.5039.5059.50Ladies' Wash DressesLadies' Wash Dresses, $12.50 .... $ 9.98Xadies' Wash Dresses, 15.00 ... . 1 2,98Ladies' Wash Dresses, 19.75. . . . 1 6.98Ladies' Wash Dresses, 25.00 ... . 1 9.75Children's Middy DressesChildren's Dresses, $5.50, at $4.98.Children's Dresses, 6.00, at 5,39Children's White Dresses'Children's Dresses, $3.50, at.- $2.98Children's Dresses, ;4.50, at 3.98Children's Dresses, 7.50. at 5.98I nil 44a ' T"k. 1A AA . 4- 3. .M ruiiuuicu D JWICUaCH, JLVJ.VU, ill O.ftOChildren's Dresses, 12.50, at 1 0.98MillineryLadies' HatsLot No. 1, worth up to $5.00, at. . .Lot No. 2Lot No.. 3Lot No. 4$1.002.484.986.98Ladies' SkirtsLadies' Skirts, $10.00, at $ 7.98Ladies' Skirts, 15.00. at 1 2.98Ladies' Skirts, 20.00, at 1 6.98IILadies'Ladies'Ladies'Ladies'Ladies'Ladies'Ladies'Ladies'Ladies'Ladies'Ladies'Ladies'Ladies'Ladies' WaistsWaists, $1.50, at $1.19waists, z.w, at 1 .o2.50, at 2:19Waists,Waists,Waists.Waists,Waists,I3.00, at3.50, at400, at5.00. atWaists. 6.00 and $6.50. at.Waists, 7.50, atWaists, 10.00, atWaists, 12.50, atWaists, 15.00, atWaists, 17.50, atLadies' HoseChildren's Gingham Dresses$2.00 Dresses at SI .69$3.00Dresses at...v 2.59$5.00 Dresies at. ..... . ; . 4.49$6.00Dresses at'...: ......'.,. 5.48Dolmans and Capes at a GreatlyReduced Price. Very few Left.25c quality50c quality75c qualityCorset CoversOne lot of Silk Corset Covers, 75c quality, at mm2.592.983.39 M4.294.985.98 17.98 "9.98 I12.98 ?14.98 ml1.3Sc ujj.53c IK141cAmerican Lady CorsetsOdd sizes, regular price $2.00 to $3.00,sale price. , .1MBrassiersBrassiers worth 75c to $1.00,sale price gfc1THIS SALE IS STRICTLY CASH ! NO CREDIT !Absolutely Nothing Taktn Back, Exchanged or Sent on ApprovalDuring This Sale.1HARRY SIMONi:1-..- Qt'Su i-'4F'i& sSS&frJh&oifX Wrt v- fT-f?JH y?.v-- rt - 'fa, "TUESDAY, JULY 15, 1919THE' BOTJEBOU HEWS; " VABJ$, DSHTOCTJFRIDAY, JULY is; 1919.:C&jTOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEHAIL INSURANCE.Tobacco hail insurance.McClure & Donaldson.june24-tf)oMiW WAIST SEAH STYLES.A new shipment just in of stylesthat are different $35 to 50.J. W. DAVIS & CO.oKENTUCKY STATE SHOOTERSSeveral Bourbon county trapshooters will go to Latonia, July 30,to attend the annual State tournament of the Kentucky Trapshooters'League, which will he held therefrom July 30 to and includingAugust 1.During the two days' of the tournament $500 in cash prizes and trophies will be given away to the winders. GOES TO MILWAUKEE.Mr. Eli Barle Friedman, of Paris,who graduated from the College ofArst and Science of the Universityof Kentucky, in June, has gone toMilwaukee, Wis., where he has a fineposition with the Federal RubberCompany. Mr. Freidman is a graduate of the Paris High School, and oneof its most intelligent representatives. He specialized in chemistry atthe University.gSACKS.Grain Sacks for rent or sale.R. B. HUTCHCRAFT & CO.(julyl8-6t)COMFORT, LUXURY, HEALTH, NOBETTER REFRIGERATOR MADEThe New Iceberg Refrigeratoreaves ice. Special price atA. F. WHEELER & CO.,(27-tf) Opp. Court House.oINJURES E00T ON RAKEMiss Annetta Dudley, eldest daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Wm. W. Dudley,sustained a painful injury to onefoot Tuesday. She had been working in her "war garden" and, dropped her rake, with the tines upward,when she went to the house on anerrand. While running back to thegarden, she jumped on the rake,which was concealed by the grass.Two of the tines pierced her foot, indicting a serious wound. She wasgiven immediate medical attention,and was resting very comfortablyyesterday.oAUTO THIEVES AGAIN AT WORKThieves with a penchant for automobiles and automobile tires areworking all through Central Kentucky. The daily papers and thecounty papers as well, contain alarge number of instances of stolenautos. One of the recent victims ofthese thieves is Mr. Morris Stern.Thieves entered his private garageon Eighth street a few nights ago andstole a 1916 model six-passengerBuick machine, the property of Mr.Stern, which he recently purchasedfrom Mr. Will H. Whaley. The policewere notified, and are at work on thecase. . .. w!-iBELIEF FOR HOUSEKEEPERSAH, THE YMSi BOUND"Kitchen. Cabinets save time andlabor.t"' A. F. WHEELER & CO.,( 27-tf) Opp. Court House.. oHAIL INSURANCE.Hail Insurance on tobacco.Thamas, Woodford & Bryan.june24-tf ) 'oODD EELLOWS INSTALLATION.Officers who were elected at a recent meeting to serve during thecoming term were installed at thelast meeting of Bourbon Lodge No.26, 1. O. O. F. Mayor E. B. January,District Deputy S. M., presided overthe sessions and the installation.The financial report of the lodgewas read, showing that from January1, 1919, to July 1, 1919, the lodgehad paid ou the sum of $814.50 insick benefits; fof funeral benefits,$310; and for the Odd Fellows Widows and Orphans' Home, $29. After the business sission, refreshmentswere' served fo the members of thelodge by the newly-installed officers.oSTREETS BEING REPAIREDA force of men under direction ofthe city engineer and Superintendentof Streets Stegall, were busy yesterday, in .making repairs on "Mainstreet, between Sixth and Seventh.Several large holes which had beenworn, several inches below the levelof the street are being filled with, improved paving material, and put incondition for traffic. These unsightlydefects on the principal thoroughfareof the city have been the cause ofmuch caustic comment from visitors,and of long and loud emanations ofprofanity from many motoristswhose automobiles have sufferedsevere shocks from bumping into-and out'ofr4hese 'shell-holes, " 'SOCIAL Aim PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mrs. Sithey Burgin, of this city,is a guest of Mrs. John L. Bosley, inWinchester.Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Burris leftyesterday for Taylor, Texas, to visitthe former's parents.Mr. and Mrs. Harry Mitchell, ofParis, are guests of Mr. and Mrs.Robert Stewart, in Mt. Sterling.Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Robbins, ofthe county, were guests recently ofMr. and Mrs. E. G. Robbins, in Clarkcounty.Mr. Wm. W. Hall was taken toLouisville yesterday by Dr. Stoeckinger, where he will undergo an operation. Miss Anna Maltby has returnedto her home in Maysville, after apleasant visit to Miss Belle Horton,near Paris.Mrs. Anna Perry has returned toher home in Sonora, Ky., after a visitto her father, Rev. B. F. Orr, onStoner avenue.Mr. Jos. Minogue has returnedto his home in Dayton, Ohio, after avisit to his parents, Mr. and Mrs.Wm. Minogue, in this city.Several from Paris attended thedance given by the Elks' Club inWinchester, Tuesday night. Abouttwo hundred guests were present.Mrs. Mary Arthur and son, whohave been guests for several days ofMrs. John C. Maxey, on Tenth street,have returned to their home in St.Louis, Mo.Lieut. Eugene Elder, of Paris,lately returned from overseas, wasa guest several days this week of hisuncle, Mr. E. V. Elder, and family,in Richmond.Mrs. Charles Insko and daughter, Miss Leona Insko, and Miss NinaMaxey, of Millersburg, were recentguests of Mrs. John C. Maxey, ofTenth street.The Boonesboro bathing beachcontinues the center of attractionfor Bourbon county people. Severalautomobile parties have made thetrip this week.Mrs. F. S. Elder, who has beena patient at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, for the past fourweeks, has been removed to her homeconsiderably improved.Mr. L. H. Bishop, of Louisville,has arrived in Paris to take up thework of assistant to Chief EngineerBoehmer, in construction of newstreets and reconstruction of oldones in the city.Mr. and Mrs. Claude Weathers,Mr. and Mrs. Tom Weathers and little son, and Misses Loraine and Elizabeth Weathers have returned froma motor trip to Covington, wherethey visited relatives.Paris people have received invitations to a dance to be given in thePrincess Rink, in Richmond, on theevening of Thursday, July 24. Thebourse will be from 9:00 to 3:00.Committee, Cecil Oldham and LesliePigg.Stanford Jnterior-Journal : "Mr.and Mrs. Logan T. McCall spent Sunday with friends and relatives atParis .... Mrs. W. H. Brady anddaughter, Miss Katheryn Brady areguests of relatives in Paris for afew days."Mrs. Charles D. Wilson, of nearShawhan, "underwent an operation atSt. Joseph's Hospital, in Lexington,Tuesday, for removal of a tumor.Word from the institution yesterdaywere to the effect that she had rallied nicely, and was resting 'easy,Mrs. Boone Phillips has returnedto her home in Maysville, after a visitto her mother, Mrs. Harris, at Clintonville. Mrs. Harris is slowly improving from the effects of injuriessustained in a motorcycle accident,which occurred about two weeks ago.Mr. J. Quincy Ward, of Frankfort, was a guest several days thisweek of his brother, Mr. J. MillerWard, suid family, near Paris, andlooking after business connected withthe Kentucky Fish and Game Commission, of which he is ExecutiveAgent.Mrs. Redmon Berry, of Cincinnati, and Mrs. J. C. Martin, of Cynthiana.who have been visiting Mr.and Mrs. T. C. Whaley, in EastParis, have gone to spend severaldays with Mr. and Mrs. Welburn Ammerman, near Georgetown, accompanied by little Sarah ElizabethWhaley.Misses Edith and MargaretShive, of Decatur, Alabama, arrivedlast night for a visit to Miss MaryAdams Talbott and Ann Talbott, attheir home on Duncan avenue. TheMisses Shive formerly resided inParis, where their father was. pastorof the Presbyterian church.Sheriff Will G. -McClintock, accompanied by Mrs. McClintock andMiss Vlette McClintock, will leavethis week for a month's stay atPortland, Maine. Mr. McClintockhas been ill several weeks and it ishoped the trip will be of great benefit to him. They will spend thegreater part of the time in cruisingalong the coast.rCynthiana Democrat: i'MasterWiliiam Marshall returned to hishome in Paris, Tuesday night, afterseveral weeks' visit to his cousin,Miss Sarah Curie Miss JessieRose, of Paris, was a guest here thepast wee"k Misses Bertha Reeseand Ella Loomis are away for a few7days' motor, trip, visiting friends'(Other Personals on Page 3.)H0RTH MIDDLETOWW VOTES TOBUILD GRADED SCHOOL, 'By a vote of 191 to 2, the schoolelection held in North Middletownprecinct Tuesday on the question oflevying a tax of fifty cents on eachone hundred dollars' worth off property taxable for High School purposes, to maintain a Graded Schoolin that precinct, was carried. TheSchool Commissioners will purchasethe grounds and buildings of theKentucky Classical and Business College, one of the oldest educational institutions in the State.The election had been called afterthe required number of signaturesto a petition asking for such an election had been secured and presentedto the Bourbon Fiscal Court. Themeasure stated that the tax increasefor the establishment of this schoolshould not exceed an amount ofmore than fifty cents on each $100 oftaxable property in proposed districtand that the poll-tax for each malevoter should be $1.50.It is the present intention to havethe old buildings somewhat remodeled so as to have them ready for occupancy at the beginning of theschool term in September.oSPECIAL REGISTRATION DAY E0RCITY VOTERS JULY 19Announcement has been made byCounty Clerk Pearce Paton thatSaturday, July 19, has been set asSpecial Registration Day, when voters who did not register at the regular time will be given another opportunity to do so.Any. person who has lived in theState one year, the county six monthsand the precinct sixty days, is eligible to vote in the State primary, onAugust 2, provided they hold a certificate of registration.The special registration for July19 is for those persons entitled tovote who were absent from the cityfor some reason, who were ill, whohave attained their majority sincethe last registration day, or who havemoved into the city since the regularregistration day.oLARGE SHIPMENT OF LIVESTOCKThe livestock market this week inthe county has been an active one,and shipments of stock have been going forward rapidly from various sections of the county. Prices of hogsand cattle have shown an upwardtendency, and lambs remaining at alevel price.Cay wood & McClintock shipped 3,700 head of lambs to the Easternmarket at prices ranging around fifteen cents per pound. The same firmshipped a carload of lambs from Elizabeth and two carloads of butchercattle, weighing 1,100 pounds "ahead, for which they paid elevencents per pound. They also shippedfrom Hutchison a carload of hogs averaging two nunared pounas, torwhich they paid from nineteen totwenty cents per pound.oNEPHEW OF PARIS VISITORKILLED IN iCANADAMrs. Swiney Ray, of this city, received a telegram from her daughter, Miss Betsy Ray, who is visitingin Toronto, Canada, stating thatRobert Earl Johnson, aged threeyears, had been run over and killed"by an automobile. The child was anephew of Miss Beatrice Johnson,who has been a guest of Miss BetsyRay at. her home in this city on numerous occasions, ?The accident happened at exactlythe same place where an olderbrother of the hoy was killed in thesame manner about four years ago.The scene of the accident was directly in front of the home of the child'sgrandparents. . , ,.., .BIG WATERMELON CROP.It is said that the watermelon, cropof Bourbon county this year will hean unusually large one, and that theprospects for a bumper crop of theluscious fruit is a good one. Thismay have a tendency to bring downthe sky-high prices prevailing atpresent. Southern melons are sellingin the local market from $1.00 to$1.50, and not of a superior qualityat that., oHAIL INSURANCE.Insure your tobacco againsthaiR withYERKES & PEED.Prompt and satisfactory adjustments. (june20-tf)oSUMMER NECESSITIES IN FTONI-TUBE AT BEDUCED PEICESA big reduction on all . summergoods, such as refrigerators, oilstoves, ovens, porch shades, porchfurniture, porch, rugs, etc. All thisseason's goods and of the best makeB,but must be sold to make room forfall goods big reductions duriafcJuly.B. M. WHEELER,(1-tf) Robneel Building.! oIMPORTANT NOTICE MEETINGOF FEDERATION OE CLUBS.On Saturday, July 19, at 3 p. m.,the directors of the Bourbon CountyFederation of Clubs, will meet at thetome of Mrs. Sutherland. Businessof importance is to be transacted. , Afull attendance is desired.-o A-Straw hats are" higher than everthis- year. Maybe last year's birdnest will have 'to do.BOURBON COUNTY MAN BUYSDEMPSEY'S CAR.There's a very noticeable chestylook about Allie Perkins, of theBourbon Garage & Supply Co., thesedays, due to the possession of an automobile that once belonged to JackDempsey, now the champion heavyweight pugilist of the world.Some time after the now historicevent in which Dempsey gained thechampionship and added $101,000,or more, to his bank roll, he was inCincinnati preparing to return to hishome in California. Visiting agarage where he had left his car, oneof the Stutz make, he remarked thathe would like to find a purchaser forit, as he did not desire to go to thetrouble and expense of taking it backwith him. Perkins happened to bein the place at the time, and overhearing the remark, immediatelyopened negotiation. After some timethe deal was made, and for a monetary consideration, "not given out forpublication," the car passed into Mr.Perkin's possession. He drove it toParis from Cincinnati.Perkins values the car, not so muchfor its intrinsic worth, as for thefact that it was once the property ofthe world's champion. He says thecar is a beauty and all that, but thatit doesn't "go" any better than othermakes. The garage has been visitedby hundreds who desired to inspectthe machine.oAMERICAN WAR MOTHERS PLANEIRST CONVENTION.Mrs. Alice M. French, of Indianapolis, National President of the American War Mothers, has announcedthat the National Convention will beheld in Washington, D. C, Sept. 29to 31, inclusive.The plans are for the NationalBoard of Directors, of which Mrs. R.B. Hutchcraft, of Paris, is chairman,to meet on the afternoon of Sept. 29.The convention will open formallythat evening. Mrs. French is to preside, assisted by Mrs. Emilie Hendricks, of Salem, Ore., and Mrs. C. L.F. Robinson, Hartford, Conn., firstand second vice-presidents, respectively. The American War Mothers is anorganization of mothers of soldiers,other women relatives not being admitted to membership.oGOING AWAY ON A LONG VACATION? Are you going away from Paris ona vacation of a month or more? LetTHE NEWS follow you twice-a-week,so you can keep up with all thehome news. As good or better thana letter from home. Call 124. bothphones, or write us.THE J.EITHERPHONE 36Motor Hearsei K P jf'P vCS 1KRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSFUTURISTVomans Modern UndergarmentOMFORT, freedom, repose-all that a man finds in his "athletic" underwear yet dainty, sheer, attractive, exquisitelyfeminine. These you will find in woman's modernundergarmentSimmons'FUTURISTFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSIAutomobileBeautify yourwiin ourNewTwP a JmSM.xp3t -rr'm;4 1 1 - --' k T. ' lh 017ft yzk vJvVac?sFiZ a vfy Hi ML Mr fC5o(c5')' A Kk&rfi xk Z-i h Airman 7Take a look at your old papers on the Wall andthen come In and look at our new, up-to-date wallpapers.You know not how many poisonous "germs'1lurk hidden in the cracks of your rooms:Be sanitary and beautify your home for yourfamily's sake. And you may have visitors.Buy your Wall paper and things from us andknow it is right. -T. HINTON CO.PARIS, KENTUCKYMotor Invalid CoachDeliveryHomiStylishWallPapers.it '- rSIXTH AND MAIN- rUndertakingV- i-. tIZZvFZtpT&r&z. THE BOURBOH HEWSi PARIS KEHTTJCXTr' --irrTwtiFRIDAY, JTJLT 18, 1913: -"PAGE SIXuf Ife sr; !iIJlllil riM - "5long-testing barsin each package.tsmwTheFlavorLastsWRAPPEDlbUIliMMiBiiDECLABES SECEET PLEDGESWEBE GIVEN TO JAPAN.WASHINGTON, July IT. A"charge that Japan secretly securedpledges from Great Britain, Prance,Italy and Russia early in 1917 thatIn. the peace settlement Shantungpeninsula should, for certain considerations, be turned over to theTokio government was made in theSenate, Senator Norris, Republilican, of Nebraska, who producedwhat he declared, to be copies of diplomatic correspondence embodyingthe promises of Great Britain andFrance.These pledges, the Nebraska Senator declared, fully explained theThree Reasons Why WeOppose the Nomination ofJudge Carroll for Governor(An Editorial from The Elizabethtown Mirror.)Firet. In the fircst fight ever waged m a "Democratic candidatefor Governor in Kentucky, -Judge-Carroll, It If alteged, scratched theticket and refused A to vote for William Goebel in that election.Governor Goebel was the-author of the Antl-Xxxttery IJaw ; of theFranchise Tax Law, whereby Ue &reat . corporations w.etfe-compeltedt cootribot in a. just and equitable manner ty the-'sopprt ,of theNMate; he beijan the movement that finally reaulted 'IjS ti&creation ofthe Stat Railroad Commission with, power $6 t&mBtolftgtit rate,etc ; he advocated the passage of the Fellow Jtemot tew and theSnpiojers Liability Law, and was the pioneer la Mfaol-Doolt legislate. And tt was William Goebel, the implacable Xgtttf corporate greedand the untiring friend of popalar rights, that jlflgft Carroll refusedto support for Governor.Second. In his refusal to sit in the recedt School Book casethe most Important litigation of recent years before -the Court of Appeals, and In which every child and school patron in Kentucky had adirect Interest Judge Carroll openly shirked the duties of his office asChief Justice, thereby permitting a "hung jury" in the Court and delaying the opening of the schools, while drawing his salary as a Judgeand "pussyfooting" over the State in a futile effort to win the guber-"natorial nomination. ,On the other hand, Governor Black neglected his own campaign,stayed on the job at Frankfort, and prevented a readoption, by theStanley Book Commission, of tbe objectionable school books, and giveso fair-minded KgntuckJaus evidence of the conscientious discharge o?his official dutt,-isssii3aKSiIs Carroll a 'conscientious judge or merely an expedient caodi-l!T m swsisjr' - - -Jsteg3g33&" -" 7Riird7 The gratuitous -mpaetary aid which mi, iBU-BBMnv Jr., islending Judge Carroll in meeting &e hitter's fftmper expeaeal i. Hie" of the alarming eipostures $1 the last few oJs,; ' ! EM h. BrowftVJr., has been apromlnent figure in some unsavory transections in -Ken -ypoJitrhisidryJfcpnurefwtlyTbySjtbeen J'p&bcd'.bit!' kt aTucrStive position by the Kentacky LegUleture la 1 2k? deanjag"" crusade, because his $8,000 Job carried withf "nb dutieHcepTitof holding out an Itching palm for thepay envelope. Bil H. Brown,-Jr7, received severe thousand doUlfs from the compromise of theHarknees Inheritance Tax suit, and which settlement, it is chargedin a suit recently instituted to .eopen said case, fraudulently deprivedKentucky of several hundred tejonsand dollars. Eli H. Brown, Jr., isthe reputed law partner of M. M. Logan, Judge Carroll's campaignmanager, and the latter only recently, we are informed, made a strenuous effort to have the Bingham Inheritance Tax ease compromised-far e-eum daimedto betDj'aurwJred-thousan'ds-of diarslejs-ihantfce amount due the State. It was during the encumbeocy of M.M. Logan as Attorney General that the Barkness case wm settled aafcwssiin. & i jap s -3- &s V n'Wifci Jojfce CtUcandsacy; barfe thejrapjrtif fill H.BnfernJr., Bsnvy fRnea, Billy Klair, andfrithers ot'thefislrfrtd, it seemste at tkat if there & any. house cleaning Seeded iif Kentucky, it -oughtto start la the Carroll campaign headquarters.vTeeeiare atfli aether reasons why we oppose; tae Dfosaattoa ofJoto 'Carroll, among 'which Is the fact, HE CAN NOT WIN IN NOVEMBER. A,i f f' 1 - -a, ., ' S -,- -OurkerfsheiI be for BLAOK AND DEMOCRATIC tUCCCM INNOVEMBER.- iupI s1 1Fhe bluestivalue inrefreshmentyou can possibly buy.A BENEFIT to teeth,breath appetite anddigestion.The price is 5 cents.iScf iCx m iff I2.11111111106pressure which resulted in Shantungtransfer to Japan under the Versailles treaty, whose ratification bythe Senate, he asserted, would write"the blackest page in the nation'shistory."Great Britain's influence In thematter, he charged, was secured byJapan's support of British claims toPacific islands south of the Equator,while France's aid was purchased bya promise of the Tokio governmentto help draw China into the war sothat German ships in Chinese harbors would be available for carryingtroops and provisions to France.It is easier to return complimentsthan borrow umbrellas.?-miniumICrNORANCE OP POSTAGE EATESMAKES CONFUSION.That a large number of people inParis are ignorant of the postagerates is proved by the fact that alarge -number of letters with onecent instead of two-cent stamps arereceived daily at the Paris postoffice."We are annoyed considerably bythis," said Postmaster J. WalterPayne. "Some persons seem to thinkthat drop letters for the Paris postoffice require only one cent postage.Letters, whether addressed to Paris,Bourbon county, any part of theUnited States, possessions of theUnited States, Mexico, England orEnglish possessions, require two-centstamps."Postmaster Payne explained thatthe only letters that may be' sentthrough the postoffice by one-centstamps are unsealed, printed, circular letters. He said that the employees in the postoffice are hinderedin their work by letters posted withstamps of the wrong denomination.In instances such as these mentioned,the letters are delivered, but the person to whom they are addressed arerequired to pay one cent postage due.Letters mailed to any member ofthe American Expeditionry Forces inFrance require two-cent stamps, butfive-cent stamps are required forother addresses in France and forletters sent to South America.The law covering the subject,which became effective July 1, 1919,is as follows:"Upon all matter of the first class,postage shall be charged at the rateof two cents for each ounce or fraction thereof; and drop letters shallbe mailed at the rate of two centsper ounce or fraction thereof, including delivery at letter-carrier offices,and one cent for each ounce or fraction thereof where free delivery bycarrier is not established."Postage on letters deposited inrural or star-route boxes, or mailedto persons v who are served by ruralor star-route carriers, shall be charged at the rate of two cents for eachounce or fraction thereof."When persons or concerns of anycity or place sends their letters inbulk for mailing for local delivery ata postoffice at another place wherethe one-cent drop letter rate is applicable, such letters are not dropletters, and are not entitled to theone-cent drop-letter rate, but shall becharged with postage at the rate oftwo cents for each ounce or fractionof an ounce."aHARVAEB MOUTH IN VOGUE.(Boston Post.)The day has passed when it is possible to tell a Harvard man by hiswalk. The famous Harvard slouchis no more. Close observers whofind themselves nonplused in pickingout Cambridge undergraduates neednot worry, however, for the type ofsoup spoon used in the Harvard dining halls will shortly make it possible to tell a Harvard man by the sizeof his mouth.The soup spoon by which the Harvard undergraduates transfer theirconsomme from plate to palate is oneof those gross affairs, the body ofwhich is about three inches long andtwo inches wide. The type of spoonpermits a hasty diner to devour hissoup in about two movements of hisarm, but in accomplishing the featit is necessary to open wide themouth. The great spoon possiblycame from the era when there wasno music in the Harvard dining hallsand it behooved the diners to providetheir own noise.The Cambridge collegians are notcomplaining. So long as the dininghall stewards provide enough soupto fill the spoons, they will be satisfied. But even the Gold Coasters whowere born with silver spoons in theirmouths do say that the soup spoonsare a trifle large and that they wouldbe more serviceable in excavating theNew York subway or dredging thePanama Canal.WAITING POR HIS CUE.(Tit-Bits.)In one of the midland towns anumber of jockeys and horses hadlined up for the start of a steeplechase, but the delay occurred owingto a tall, jawbone beast obstinatelyrefusing to yield to the importunitiesof the starter.The patience of the gentleman waspretty well exhausted:"Bring up that horse," he shouted,"Bring him up! You'll jolly well getinto trouble it you don't!"' The rider of the stupid animal, alocal grocers carman, yelled back:"I can't help it, This Cere's beena cab horse and he won't move tillthe door shuts; and there ain't nodoor."'" THE WHOLE THINGA soldier in 41 hospital on recovering consciousness said i "Nurse, whatis this on my head?""Vinegar cloths," she replied."You have had fever."After a pause:"And what is this on my chest?"- "A- -mustard plaster. You havehad pneumonia.""And what is this at myjfeet?""Silt bags. You have had frostbite." . yrAiSoldier from the next bed looked up and said:"Hang a .pepperbpx his nose,nurse, then he will W a cruet."The fellow' whoae fc&t interferehas no business wearing white' hosewith his low shoes.FEELING BLUE?LIVER LAZY?TAKEVACALOTABWonderful How Young and Energetic You Peel After TakingThis Nansealess Calomel Calotab.If you have not tried Calotabs youhave a delightful surprise awaitingyou. The wonderful liver-cleansingand system-purifying properties ofcalomel may now be enjoyed withoutthe slightest unpleasantness. A Calotab at bedtime with a swallow ofwater that's all. No taste, no salts,nor the slightest unpleasant effects.You wake up in the morning feelingso good that you want to laugh aboutit. Your liver is clean, your systemis purified, your appetite hearty. Eatwhat you wish no danger. The nexttime you feel lazy, mean, nervous,blue, or discouraged, give your livera thorough cleansing with a Calotab.They are so perfect that your druggist is authorized to refund the priceas a guaranee that you will be delighted. Calotabs are sold in original, sealed packages. Price thirty-five cents.At all drug stores.(adv): O212,662 DOG LICENSES ISSUED INSIX MONTHS.During the first six months of theyear 212,662 dog licenses were issued under the dog tax. During thesame period licenses were issued to251 kennels on 2,516 dogs. In January 181,344 dog licenses on 2,296dags; in February 15,379 dogs licenses and 6 kennel licenses on 60 dogs;in March 6,549 dogs licenses andnine kennel licenses on 90 dogs; inApril 5,510 dog licenses and fourkennel licenses on 40 dogs; in May2,448 dog licenses no kennel licenses;in June 932 dog licenses, and threekennel licenses on 30 dogs.The assessment of 1918 shows179,128 dogs were listed for taxation. These figures are contained in statistics compiled by the Commissionerof Agriculture. During the sixmonths of the year 6,100 dogs werekilled.SUMMERCOMPLAINT INDKEN.CHIL-There is not anything like so manydeaths from this disease now as before Chamberlain's Colic and Diarrhoea Remedy came into such general use. When this remedy isgiven with castor oil as directed andproper care is taken as to diet, it issafe to say that fully ninety-nine outof every hundred cases recover. Mr.W. G. Campbell, of Butler, Tenn.,says: "I have used Chapnberlian'sColic and Diarrhoea Remedy forsummer complaint in children. It isfar ahead of anything I have everused for this purpose."(july-adv)oAGED NEGRO IS LATEST TEXAS"OIL CEOESUS."9Texas' latest "oil millionaire" is avery black, white-haired negro, wholive? in a two-room shack nearCorsicaua.A deep test well in Green "Springfield's 400 .acres is expected to cp'mein this week, a'dding a cool $l,'o'00,000 to the $500,000 oil and carefulfarming: have already provided.Green doesn't know what he wiltdo with the money. Most of hiasavings now are in Liberty Bondsand he hopes the Government willbe able to use the remainder.Green is highly respected in thecounty honest, a good farmer and avalued citizen.oTHOROUGHBRED ASSOCIATION TOCONTROL HAVRE DEGRACE TRACK.Control of the Havre de Grace, Md.,race track has passed to the Thoroughbred Horse Association of America, which nurchaSed 51 Per cent, ofthe stocK of the track cor6ration for 1?250,000. ' , .It was announced that, in the future the track will be operated under the "Simms plan" which willlimit profits to lu per cent, on theInvestment, .the surplus revenue being used to make the track "one ofthe picturesque landmarks of theEast," and improved "breeding.1 - t.sJU . JLOSSOP"iPPETftE.AiirAs a general -rula there is nothingserious about a loss of appetite,, 'andif youiskip aHmeal. or only eat twomealsiaf:aayf,to'Vfew days you,.willsoon have a relish for- your mealsiyhen IsPieal time comes: - Beairdnmindfthat; at deasfivehoufs soulaalways elapse between meals', so asto;.give'-theJ fop ample, time to, digestand-tlie tpmach aperod of rest before a second,meaJ Js.taken. Then 'ifyou eat no mor,e than you crave andtake,, a reasonable" amount of outdoor exercise Bvery day you will notneed to worry about your appetite.When theXloss of appetite is causedby coiistipatknvas' is often the case,that should be corrected at once. Adose of ' Chamberlain's Tablets willikMt. (july-adv)AT THE TURN Of THE TAPAlways ready. Nothing to do but toopen the faucet. The most convenientthemost efficient the most gratifying thing amongall modern household conveniences.I-Tkttr-H fc-Acn tirofAf 00 i nine frmWJyMp)ff fyaFjTAljrQf iVJ . faucet Is closed. That stops expense.CkC tlATFD UEATED About one cent for ten gallons paysKlRO WAI tR nCAl Eft for this remarkable service.You owe It to your family and yourself to Investigate this wonderful Automatic Water. Heater. Let us show it to you.jum JMnvvvVVVMr AFor Sale ByT. W. SPICERGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pltasant Streets, Paris, Ky.Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4 West Fifh StreetZ p""U i .t (& Jyfcfiss"- . J3. w9K??imBkTrx?i- iTSszZluGThe Bourbon LaundryParis, KentuckyV'.'I a a i a iThe News Job Department is Always BusyMTIvAMA - D-la. 99iiicica a ncaaunaMake Your Milk DeliveriesBY TRACTIONKy. Traction & TerminalCo.I t l WW A JINTEBTOBAl? SCHEDULECARS LEAVEL&rinetoxi For-i m .t'tri8v'PQrI&riiiztonA. M. $:46A. M. 7:15xA. M. 8:15A. M. 9:45- A."M. 11:15P. M. 12:45P.'eM. 2Y15Pr-M. 3:45'PM. ' 515P.M. 6T50P.- M. 8:15P.M. 10:05except Sunday.rPins ..AT-M. 6,0 OxA. M. 7:0A. M. 8150A..M 10ur20A. M. vll.60P. M. 1:20P, JM. ,2:60P, M. 4:20P. M.:007&09:10 .P. M.P.M.P. M. 11:00(x) DailyrEIITUOI. Y TlACTK)ir; ABD TER-iTERthe mam. Opening the faucet starts- UanrAirtAf mnfArflnwc until triAlillr llUlk 1VW UI.V- ilViftJ uia aweixK1ixanx:-:IXIXIXIXIXSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!2IXI.XIX1XIX1With all the latest improye-'-'0?i merits in laundry appliancesi i and expert helpers we' are-'- - sS?"M prepared to do work infe-sJ nor to none, and solicityour patronage.IXsXilAf..t a-. . t-Jtvwurn none RfgfltA Special ShowingofNew VoilesandFor the Summer TradeXll THE NEWESTSHADES AND PATTERNSatthe yard.OrgandiesTWINJBROS.7thMMlMeJ Park, Ky.xFRIDAY, JULY 18, 1919.THE BGUEBOH NEWS, PARIS, HENTtfCKY" WKfin" PittixTxr -.,KIDNEYS WEAKENING?LOOK OUT!Xidne troubles don't disappear of;themselves. They grow slowly butsteadily, undermining health withdeadly certainty, until you fall & victim to incurable disease.9top your troubles while there is time.ont wait until little pains become big;aches. Don't trifle with disease. Toavoid future suffering: bgcin treatmentwith GOLD MEDAL Haarlem Oil Capsules now. Take three or four every,jay until you are entirely free fromThis well-known preparation has beenwe of the national remedies of Holland for centuries. In 1696 the government of the Netherlands granted a,special charter authorliinjsr its preparation and eale.KEPEAI OF DAYLIGHT SAVINGIAW A TAILTOE.WASHINGTON, July 17. Repealof the daylight saving laws becamea dead issue for the present, at least,"by the failure of the House Mondayto pass the Agricultural Bill overPresident Wilson's veto. The votewas 247 to 135, proponents of repeal mustering twenty-three votesGlasses PrescribedMade and FittedIn One DayIn one day's time, we will giveyour eyes a thorough and skillful examination, and if glasses are needed,they will be made by us and delivered in time for you to take home withyou.We make no charge for our examination of the eyes and glasses of accuracy and quality are provided atmost reasonable costs.The most modern and thorouglyequipped optical establishment in!Ke ntuckyFAYETTE OPTICAL SHOP,313 West Main St.,Lexington, Ky.(15'2t)brighter;EVENINGSNothing adds to the pleasuresof sl home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.useSlectriciti2& Tor flawingIt's the only satisfactory "way.use SasTor Seating and CookingIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix You UpFor the Use of BothElectricity and Gas.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(IncorDoxated)CJDSouthern Optical Co.IncorporatedManufacturers of Perfect-FittingSPECTACLES ANDEYE GLASSESifKryptoks Artificial EjesInvisible Bifocal Lens4th & Chestnut StaLOUISVILLE, KY.- ,-s: -i.3ferttfcS J CsW41PACKARD MOTOR CAR COMPANY7 Cumulative Preferred StockEARNINGSPresent Earnings nearly sir times new interest requirements of this Preferred Stock.SINKING FU NDAnnual Sinking Fund equal to 5 of Net Earnings.PROTECTIVE PROVISIONNo mortgage on plant without the consent of the majority of preferredstockholders. The Company has no bonded debt and no dividend can bepaid on the common stock unless quick assets are 150 of liabilities.PRICE 100 and accrued dividend to yield 7.TbflMrfcn IllfCC! ItflllCniirrn 41AC p?im t Ml irvniubw) l Tf IIAjOUHThe housewife of Holland would almost as soon be without food as without her "Real Dutch Drops," as shequaintly calls GOLD MEDAL HaarlemOil Capsules. They restore strengthand are responsible in a great measurefor the sturdy, robust health of theHollanders.Do not delay. Go to your druggist andinslat on his supplying you with GOLDMEDiAL Haarlem OH Capsules. Takethem as directed, and rf you are notsatisfied with results your druggist willgladly refund your money. Look forthe name GOLD UBDAL on the boxand accept no other. In sealed boxes,three sizes.less than the required two-thirds majority. The Agricultural Bill will be passed Willi Liie reueai nuur eiimiuaieu.and it was said that no effort wouldbe made to pass the repeal measureas a separate bill, as it undoubtedlywould be vetoed by the President,Under the now defeated rider, thelaw would have been repealed onOctober 26.Immediately after Speaker Gillettannounced the result amid the applause of supporters of the daylightsaving law, the bill was referredback to the Agricultural Committee,which will meet probably Tuesday toreport the measure with the repealrider eliminated.Because of the House action theSenate will not have the opportunityto attempt passage of the bill overthe President's veto.The House vote did not dividealong political lines, the proponentsof the repeal being those representing agricultural districts.oHOW IS THIS?We offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of Catarrh thatcannot be cured by Hall's CatarrhMedicine.Hall's Catarrh Medicine has beentaken by catarrh sufferers for thepast thirty-five years, and has becomeknown as the most reliable remedvfor Catarrh. Hall's Catarrh Medicine acts through the blood on themucous surfaces, expelling the noi-son from the blood and healing: thediseased portions.After you have taken Hall's Catarrh Medicine for a short time youwill see a great improvement in yourgeneral health. Start taking Hall'sCatarrh Medicine at once and eret ridof catarrh. Send for testimonials,free.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by all Druggists, 75c.(june-adv)BETTER THAN A SUNSETy(National Monthly)'Twas eventide. The small ladstood on the bridge clapping hishands vigorously. Beyond the browof the hill a dull, red glow suffusedthe sky."Ah, little boy!" remarked thestranger, who was a little nearsighted, "it does my heart good tosee that you appreciate yon cloudeffect.""Yes, sir," replied the lad. "I'vebeen watching it for ten minutes."Upon the boy's face there appeared a smile of perfect bliss."A real poet without doubt. Anddo you watch the sunset often, little boy?""Sunset? Why, that ain't a sunset, Guv'nor, that's our school houseburning down."o"BAYER CROSS"ON ASPIRINAlways Ask for Genuine"Bayer Tablets of Aspirin"Only Aspirin Tablets with thesafety "Bayer Cross" on them aregenuine "Bayer Tablets of Aspirin,"owned and made by Americans andproved safe by millions of people.Unknown quantities of fraudulentAspirin Tablets were sold recently bya Brooklyn dealer which proved tobe composed mostly of TalcumPowder."Bayer Tablets of Aspirin" shouldalways be asked- for. Then look forthe safety "Bayer Cross" on thepackage and on each tablet. Acceptnothing else! Proper directions anddosage in each Bayer package.Aspirin is the trade mark of BayerManufacturer of Monoaceticacidesterof Salicylicacid.(apr4-tf-F-126)A cuff on the wrist beats two onthe ear.OCVA., LIV D. Win, UHUSYUie, IkJ.GUARD WHEAT AGAEffST EATSJLND MCE."The greatest wheat crop ever produced in America is being harvested.Grain elevators will soon becomeveritable treasuries, 'which thievingrats and mice wilUbreak into if theycan.Don't feed $2.26 wheat to rats andmice, says the United States Department of Agriculture. Traps, poisonand rat-proof construction will stoptheir raids.The arch enemies of stored grainare dampness and rodent pestsrats and mice. An elevator with aleaky roof is only a little worse thanone allowing free entry to rats andmice. The present j price of wheatmakes a telling appeal for rat proofconstruction of wheat containers.Now is the time to nil rat holes withcement, or cover them with cement,or cover them with sheet iron, andto build new mouse-proof granariesof either concrete or galvanizedsheet iron.Where rats and mice have plentyor tood and are unmolested, theymultiply overwhelmingly. For example, in Australia during the greatwar, sacks of wheat in high pilesawaiting shipment became infestedby mice, which riddled the sacks anddestroved ft lare-p nnrt nf fho rr-n.j tents before preventative steps weretaken. Under similar circumstancesa like result would inevitably occurin this country. Where it is impracticable to provide tight containersfor stored products, steps should betaken immediately to trap or poisonrats and mice in the general vicinityof storage buildings, and should becontinued till the last rodent is disposed of.The United States Department ofAgriculture furnishes plans and billsof materials for rat-proof granaries,and in its Farmers' Bulletin 896 described various methods of destroyingrats and mice. These publicationsmay be had free on application to theU. S. Department of Agriculture,Washington, D. C."MAT S. COHEN,Commissioner of Agriculture.oREVENUE 0PH0ES TO BE MOVEDTO LOUISVILLE.Commissioner of Internal RevenueDaniel C. Roper has refused to beinfluenced by Kentucky Senators andCongressmen who have undertakento retain at least two internal revenue combination districts in theState, and has announced his adherence to his orginal intention ofconsolidating all of the State into adistrict with headquarters at Louisville. While no official statement couldbe obtained on the matter of the collectorship, it seems to be a prettywell assured fact that Collector Elwood Hamilton, of the Lexington district, will be made collector of thenew district. There is a vacancy inthe Louisville office which was tohave been filled by the appointmentof Charles J. Cronan, who the Senate failed to confirm at the last session of Congress and who has notbeen renominated.It is believed that in view of theconsolidation of districts the President will not make a new appointment and let out four old officers already in. If one of the four is selected for the new office it is generally believed that it will be Mr.Hamilton.However, it was stated at the officeof the Commissioner of Internal Revenue that the matter of a collectorfor the new district had not been determined. oPILING IT ON.(New York Evening World)He had been on a hunting expedition for several days in the backwoods, roughing it rather severely,and on taking a seat in a railwaycarriage, returning homeward helooked as begrimed and weatherbeaten a trapper as ever brought hisskins into a settlement, says theCleveland Leader.He happened to find a seat next toa young lady evidently belongingto Boston who, after taking stockof him for a few minutes, remarked:"Don't you find an utter passionful sympathy with nature's most incarnate asperations among the skytopping mountains and the dim aislesof the horizon-touching forests, mygood man?""Oh, yeas," replied the apparentback-woodsman, "and I am also frequently drawn 'into an exulation ofrapt soulfulness and beatific incandescent infinity of abstract contiguity when my horse stumbles.""Indeed!" said the young lady,much .surprised, "I had no idea thatthe lower classes feel like than."U. S. WANTS MEN FOR SERVICEON BORDER.Men are wanted by the army forservice with organization on xtheMexican border, where there areseveral good "outfits" which are notup to full strength, according toColonel H. A. Pfeil, head of theLexington central recruiting station.Among them is the famous Third Infantry, which was organized in 1792,and which has seen service in everywar in which the United States hasengaged since that time. In the warwith Mexico, it was under the command of Zachary Taylor, then aMajor General. In the Cival War theorganization participated in twenty-one battles and seig'es.III M 'II LIII " v mII .IBBHH HIII A Jm rw mrWVKm U f IKUlEUNJVERSALfrAftII " IIIII T s" reII "' ID.II kt' III I c - MlII I " IIII c - HII nahi niRUGGLES- , 16 Bank Row, Paris, Ky.! I IIIII ' IIIIII ' IIIHI I IIIHI Qliii ' inII 'iii i mIII s DiAN OBITUARY(Luke McLuke, in Cincinnati Enquirer.) Oswald Fish is dead. Oswald wasmerely a goldfish, but he was Luke'sfriend and companion. For nineyears he swam around in a largebowl and kept us in good humor byhis antics. He was the last of afamily of ten. All of his brothersand sisters died off some seven yearsago, and Oswald lived alone. Hewasn't a fancy goldfish. He wasabout half sucker minnow and half-.ardine, but he was a cheerful cuss,a boon companion and a faithfulfriend. He never complained untilthe last, and took things as theycame like a Teal optimist. Prohibition killed Oswald. One day, somesix years ago, Luke accidently slopped a little beer out of a glass whilestanding over Oswald's bowl. Oswald dashed up to the surface andtasted "the beer. He sucked up everydrop he could find and hunted formore. We gave him a little more.We gave him a little more. Oswalddrank it. Then he pulled off a threering circus all by himself. He looped the-loop, stood on his head, stoodon his tail and threw triple somersaults. Every day after that we sawthat Oswald received his daily rationof beer. And Oswald displayed hisgratitude by pulling off his threering circus. But Prohibition put anend to beer, and two weeks ago wegave Oswald his last drink. Everyday since he has tried to attract ourattention so that we would give himhis beer, but we had none to givehim. Poor Oswald sulked at the bottom of the bowl for days at a timeand would not be comforted. Hewould not eat, and he would notdrink water. Yesterday morning wefound him dead. Th water in thebowl had turned into salt and Oswaldwas encased in the salt. He hadwept to much that his tears turnedthe water into brine and this causedhis death. He died of thirst.oA recent patent covers a shoe tocure cold feet, a heated plate beinginserted and the heat being retainedby the close-fitting construction ofthe ankle of the shoe.Professional Cards.DR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and ThroatROOMS 403-404FIRST N&T'L BANK BUILDINGPHONE 136WM, GRANNANAttorney-at-LawROOMS 401-402FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGCAHAL BROS,BARBER SHOPPrompt and Courteous Attention toPatrons.HOT AND COLD BATHS-THE McCORMICKImproved MowersSave Time, Labor, Troubleand Moneyby using the ImprovecT IVfc-Cormick Mower. It does thework and does it right. (VI cCormick users have notrouble or worry.OS. Ball GarageFourth and Pleasant Streets,Xhe Home Telephone Your Servant ;For Only a Few Cents Per DayLet us analyze his qualifications: He is polite, intelligent, willinc,always on duty, day or night.He will instantly present to you the grocer, butcher, baker or any of 'the trades-folks, or the doctor, fire department or police in emtrgwt?.He will go far beyond the confines of the town and bring to you 1mamazingly short time a member of the family or one of your good -prospectivecustomers.He will summons the railroad, boat or theatre ticket in a few ae "onds. 'And as to wages, he will only cost you in residence from 6 to 8c nvday; in place of business from 10 to 12c per day " ' i-VParis Home Telephone Telegraphcompany(IncorpJ. J. Veatch, District Manager.a.f-lorated)W. H. CannonZ-Loctlc,J'Tv.jj K'-ti-- v4 !- ' 4THE B0U1305 HEWS, PARIS, KEHTUCXTl- JB&FRIDAY, JOLT 18, 1919. -iTHE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMO I Admission iaiasv.::TSsasssi&?s?sTODAY, FRIDAYTO-MORROW, SATURDAYErnest Truex and Louise HuffMONDAY, JULY 21stt.iitDorothy GishEthel ClaytonIINMAI LIGHTIN115iMl' !I ,IiI,t!'-r"BOOTS".Lots of people keep money in their boots, but who ever thought thatromance, thrills and intrigue could be found in them? See what DorothyGish's boots hold. It's the same Dorothy Gish who played in "Hearts ofthe World," "Battling Jane" and "The Hope Chest."ALSORuth RolandMILLERSBURGMr. Henry Patterson and Mrs.i. W. Johnson continue about thesame.The fifth annual Chautauqua, ofiMillersburg, is being well attended.Some of the numbers thus far do not3neasure up with last year, whileJoflaers are exceedingly good. Thesymphony concert Wednesday afternoon was all that could be expectedirom an orchestra of its size, as wasthe lecture which followed in theevening. Mr. Goldsmith in his lecture, on the League of Nations, Tuesday night, was generally pleasing.On the whole, the program is verygood, and Millersburg will sign upjfor the sixth Chautauqua.oBEAUTIFUL PORCH FUBKITURE,SUMMER NECESSITIES ATBIG REDUCTION.11 our summer goods at specialpr.ccs. We can save you money onporch furniture, oil stoves andevens, rugs, porch shades and alliinds of summer goods if you willbuy during July. Three large showrooms full to select from.E. M. WHEELER,(1-tf) Robneel Building.oMATRIMONIAL.A marriage license was issuedWednesday from the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton to William Edwards of the North Middletown vicinity. Elmer W. Dinsmore and Miss'Georgia May King, both of Lexington, secured marriage license fromCounty Clerk Pearce Paton, andwere married Tuseday in the officecf Magistrate Charles Parrish, inILexington. The groom is a taxicabchsuffeur in Lexington.oI & N.' OFFICIALS INSPECT CYNN. THIANA RAILROAD; " CROSSINGS.Superintendent J. A. Morrison, ofParis, and other" officials of the Louisville & Nashville, were in Cynthi--ana,-. Wednesday, conferring withcity officials in regard to the railroadcrossing at Pike street, which has"been, raised from time to time considerably above the level of the pavements. The city is about to pavePike street with concrete, and it isessential to get the railroad and thestreet on something of a level.oSEKTUCKY- BLUEGRASS CROPSHOWS BIG INCREASE.A somewhat larger production of."bluegrass seed than last year inKentucky and considerably largerproduction in Missouri and Iowa isreported by numerous correspondentsin the seed-producing sections ofthese States. The summaries of thereports received from Kentucky, aregiven below:The' acreage of Kentucky bluegrassseed that was stripped this season iin Kentucky beginning June 5 andending about June 20, was about 95per cent, more than that of last year,ience the reduced acreage this yearis more than offset by the increasedyield per acre, resulting in a production this season of approximately400,000 bushels of stripped seed ascompared with an estimated production last season of 350,000 bushelf?. . oREAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSMr. W. O. Butler, who boughteleven lots in the Fairview Additionsale a few days ago, has sold morethan half his purchases to differentparties at an advance in price, i Jno.Malaney bought several of the lotsTuesday as an investment.oA woman of Almeda, Cal., has ob-tained a divorce on her testimonythat her husband had bought heroaly two dresses in seventeen years,'The Tiger's Trail"RELIGIOUS.Rev. Frank M. Tinder, pastor ofthe North Middletown ChristianChurch, will preach at the CaneRidge Christian Church, at threeo'clock Sunday afternoon. This isthe second of a series of historicalsermons arranged for this summer atthis church.oJOHN FOX, JR.(Paducah News-Democrat)John Fox, Jr., the Kentucky novelist who made the Kentucky mountains and the mountain people famous, is dead at the age of 56. Wescarcely thought him that old. Itseems such a little while ago that werecall hearing him mentioned as theyoung Kentucky author, and we werereading his first contributions to literature with such interest. Even atthat his death came far too soon, forone so gifted, and even when deathcame was engaged on another book.John Fox was in every sense of theword a Kentuckian. He lived withand loved the simple mountain folk,and his true picture of them as setforth in his numerous novels, hasdone much to give them the placethey deserve in the estimation of thepublic. His stories were mostly ofthe mountain life in Eastern Ken-1 tucky and had wide popularity. "TheLittle Shepherd of Kingdom Come"and "The Trail of the LonesomePine" had the greatest popular appeal, and were most widely read, butthere were others that possibly mightbe regarded as having equal, if notgreater, literary merit.His first literary production of noteappeared in the early nineties andhe has ranked well among the producers of current fiction. He hadfirst place in his exclusive field andthis fact gave distinctive quality tohis work.Many people in all parts of theEnglish-speaking world will regret tolearn that one who contributed somuch to their entertainment has diedin the prime of middle life.In saying that he led in his exclusive field is not intended as a comparison to other contemporary Kentucky writers. James Lane Allen,earlier in the field but still alive,wrote of Kentucky life, but of different sections of the State. Foxdealt with the mountains and has notbeen surpassed in that particularline.His passing removed one who hasdone much to give to the Kentucky jmountains a charm which has appealed and which will linger so longas the name of John Fox survives.B-4 PI REInsure with$W.O.HINTON &SON,Agtso$1,000 FIRE DAMAGE TO LEXINGTON GARAGE.Fire originating in the vulcanizing room about 9:20 o'clock Wednesday night damaged the building occupied by the Service Tire Company,224 East Main street, Lexington, andtires and tubes stored in the hall toapproximate extent of $1,000. Theloss is covered by insurance.Firemen found difficulty in extinguishing the blaze because of thesmoke and fumes" emanating from therubber tires and tubes.oFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanoMETHODIST CONFERENCE ATSHELBYVILLE NEXT YEAR.The Committee on Location of thethe Kentucky Conference, M. E.Church, South, has accepted the invitation of the Centenary Methodistchurch, at Shelbyville, to hold thenext annual conference there, September 3 to 9, inclusive. There willbe about 200 ministerial and. laydelegates in attendance and manyvisitors. Bishop Collins Denny, ofRichmond, Va., will preside.The conference was to have met inWinchester, but nlans were chansredbecause the new Methodist churchwill not be completed by that time.Paris and Mt. Sterling had been men-tioned.IN"OH, YOU WOMEN"WHAT SORT OF WOMEN DO MEN LIKE MOST?Are you an "old-fashioned woman" who would like to know, or a"new-fashioned women" who doesn't care a whoop? lBut see "Oh, You Women!" before you answer. You may changeyour mind. In any event, you'll say this roaring comedy, "Oh, You Women," throws a great gleam of light on one of earth's'biggest problemswoman's place in the world of Reconstruction.It's timely! It's human! It will make you laugh and hit whereyou live!Also Smiling Bill Parsons in "The Sea Woof"INTHE SWIRL OF KENTUCKYPOLITICS.With the primary election butfourteen days off, candidates aremaking plans for a whirlwin finish.The race between Gov. Black andJudge Carroll, two leading Democratic candidates for Governor, willbe close, politicians say, and theynow are seen as only noses apart.P. J. Noel, Harrodsburg, who is opposing Judge Carroll and Gov. Blackfor the Democratic nomination forGovernor, has closed his headquarters in the Willard Hotel. In doingso, however, he said it did not meanhe was out of the race, explainingthat his business was such that hecould not spend sufficient time inLouisville to justify him in maintaining headquarters.R. C. Oldham, candidate for theDemocratic nomination for Lieutenant Governor, has challenged his opponent, W. H. Shanks, of Stanford,for an open discussion of importantcampaign issues at Owenton, Monday, July 28.Locally, the political pot is merelysimmering, as the candidates forCouncilmanlc offices have just begunto circulate among their constituents. Campaign managers for thegubernatorial candidates are layingtheir wires and perfecting arrangements for advancing the fortunes oftheir favorites.Another race said to be narrowingdown to a fine point is that betweenHenry M. Bosworth, Lexington, andJohn W. Rawlings, Danville, for theDemocratic nomination for State Auditor. Mr. Rawlings is said to bemaking a whirlwind finish. Backers of Mr. Bosworth contend that hehas a comfortable lead, and will havelittle trouble retaining it.The voters are looking forward tothe meeting at Mayfleld next Monday, when Gov. Black and JudgeCarroll are expected to divide time.By reason of the lack of contest within the Republican party, all interestin the primary naturally centerswithin the Democratic ranks. Thethree races in which there is a contest in the Republican ranks areAttorney General and Railroad Commissioner in the Second and Thirdrailroad districts, but the leaders ofthe Republican party are takingmuch interest in the outcome of theDemocratic nomination for Governor.Efforts on the part of the rival aspirants for the Democratic nomination for Governor in the August primary to stir up enthusiasm amongthe Democratic voters throughoutthe State has met with little success.Old-time politicians assert that thepresent campaign has been one ofthe most apathetic in the history ofthe State. The aspirants for thenomination for the various Stateoffices to be filled by election in November are busy beating the bushesfrom one end of the State to theother in an effort to work up sufficient enthusiasm to get the voters tothe polls on August 2.oHAIL INSURANCE.Insure your tobacco againsthail withYERKES & PEED.Prompt and satisfactory adjustments. (june20-tf)PETER BILLIKEN SCORES VICTORY AT KALAMAZOO.The Grand Trotting Circuit opened at Kalamazoo, Mich, Tuesday,with three pacing-braces and onetrotting race. The latter was wonby Peter Billiken, the veteran ofmany campaigns, owned by WarrenBacon, formerly of Paris.The event, which a 2:12 trot, wasstubbornly fought out, and wentfour heats before being decided.Peter Billiken won the first, thirdand fourth heats; best time, 2:0914.The half-mile track race, won onthe opening day by Peter Billiken,the time of which" was 2:09,2:09 and 2:09, established a newworld's .record for a four-heat raceover a half-mile track.tDEATHS.HEATHMAN.Mrs. Varden Shipp, of Clintonville, received a message telling ofthe death of her aunt, Mrs. JamesE. Heathman, in Shelbina, Mo. Mrs.Heatman had been ill for severalmonths, but her death came unexpectedly. She was a former residentof Clintonville. The funeral andburial took place at Shelbina.BELL.Mrs. Mary C. Bell, who died inLexington recently, and was buriedin Carlisle, was a sister of the lateMr. George W. Bowen, for manyyears Sheriff of Bourbon county, andwas a great aunt of Mrs. Robert L.Frank, of Paris, and also related tothe Duvall family of the county. Shewas a woman of many fine traits ofcharacter, and will be sincerelynlourned by a host of friends.REFFERT.Mrs. Lou Reffert, aged fiftyeight, wife of Mr. Andrew J. Reffert,Sr., died at her home on the Brentsville pike, near Paris, Monday night,following a stroke of paralysis shereceived several days ago. Besidesher husband she is survived by ninechildren, one sister, and one brother.The funeral was held at the residenceWednesday morning at eleven o'clockwith services conducted by Rev. J.Jones, of Cynthiana. Burial in theJacksonville Cemetery.Economy Prices!You Save Big Money On Footwear!Grasp this opportunity now. Take advantage of our wonderfulresources. Our vast outlet only makes our low prices possible.Now is your opportunity. Shoe prices are daily advancing.Buy Now and Save Money!This -Ladies' White Canvas Eng.Oxfords, leather heel, allsizes, $3.50 values :Ladies' Canvas Pumps, Louis J i qqheel, at ifl.WLadies' White Sea Island Canvas djo qqPumps, Col., or plain Louis heel P72JLadies' Dark Tan English Ox- do A Qfords at pO.K7Ladies' Patent Kid Pumps tfjo aMisses' and Chilldren's Shoes, Slippers and BarefootSandais at Lowest PricesParis' Greatest Shoe Store"Men, Women and Money"She has no money, yet men pursue her for it. Penniless though sheis, women try to fleece her. She loves money for the things it will buy.She detests it becouse it will not buy the love she craves.What kind of woman is she? The question is answered in "Men,Women and Money," a vivid story of the upper crust of society. Come!Paramount-Sennet Comedy"REILLY'S WASH DAY"STATE HEALTH OFFICER ISSUESINFLUENZA WARNING.There will be 9,000 or 10,000deaths from influenza in this Statethis fall unless Kentuckians takeproper precautio-ns to ward off thedisease trough inocculation. Dr. A. T.McCormick, of the Kentucky StateBoard of Health, declared in an address before the Red Cross Insitutein the University of Kentucky.Dr. McCormick said he fears another epidemic."Every person in the State shouldbe inoculated in the last two weeksof August and the first part of September, and if this is done there wiUbe little likelihood of the epidemicrecurring" he said.Dr. McCormick said 300,000 persons were inoculated in 1918, andthat only three died from influenzaor pneumonia.The usual death rate in Kentuckyis 4,000, he said, but in 1918 therewere 15,000 deaths.He also advised the creation ofcounty health departments, in chargeof trained doctors, who will devotetheir entire time to this work.The purpose of the State HealthBoard, he said, is not merely to multiply the county offices, but to placemen in charge of the county whohave proved they can really economically and effectively reduce the sickand death rate in that county.The Red Cross course is beinggiven at the University to trainnurses for duty should there be anoutbreak. The lack of nurses to helpduring the influenza epidemic lastfall cost many lives in Kentucky, itis said.WALK-OVEROxfords and Pumpsof All DescriptionsAt Special Prices!Week Specials$2,49Ladies' Black Kid Pumps,Low and Cuban Heel, allsizes, $4.00 valuesMen's White Canvas Oxfords, frn AtWalk-Overs, at 1 $6AyMen's Dark Tan English Oxfords, fcc rfbench made, at pD.UUMen's Canvas Oxfords, good i qqquality, at $1 .7"Men's and Boys' Black Shoes and o qqOxfords, welts, at tp.lllDAN COHENWhere Beauty and Economy ReignMAY STOP KEEPING LIQUOR INHOMES.A man's right to keep liquor in hisown home, which stood the test before the, House Judiciary Committee,must take its chances in the House.Notice has been served on the committee by one of its members thatwhen the house resumes consideration of the prohibition enforcementmeasure an amendment would beoffered to make it unlawful for a person to retain possession of liquorstored prior to July 1. The committee, in framing the general enforcement measure, eliminated .the sectionwhich would have made home storageillegal, but the big majority polledMonday by prohibitionists was accepted in some quarters to mean thatthe bill in certain respects will bemade still more drastic.oREMEMBER, OPPOSITE COURTHOUSE SUMMER GOODSIN VARIETY.Porch Shades, Porch Rugs, PorchChairs, all at special prices.A. F. WHEELER & CO.,(27-tf) Opp. Court House.BIRTHS.In this city, Wednesday, to thewife of Mr. Thomas Bratton, a son.fc$2,99Sy-iCT-J? i.' -t '"' "fl.t "Jt- 1 -