,, vvfSTHE4,PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY; MAY 27.;i919BOURBONNEWSINTERESTING OIL NOTEStOn the Davis Wolfenbarger leasethe Co-operating Land and Development Company is due in with, itsNumber 2 West Gabbard tract, isdrilling.COUNCIL AND MAYOR VISIT LOU- PARDON - SEEKER'S CONVERSAJLIVJN LN ALEXANDERS CELLRECORDED.ISVILLE ON INSPECTIONThe Bourbon Oil and DevelopmentCompany is due in with its number3, William Rader, an Ross Creekproper. Its Number 2 was put on thepump and pumped aoout 6 barrelsthe first hour. The same company'sNumbers 4 and 5, Millie Freeman,are drilling.On the eleven fields reviewed bythe Oil City Derrick, Kentucky ranked fourth in point of new productionduring April. - The total new production for Kentucky was 12,330 barrels, Gulf Coast 21,105, Oklahoma27,042 and North Texas 46,390.Oklahoma led in completions, with59; Pennsylvania was second, with392; Kansas was third, with 332, andKentucky was fourth, with 307.Kentucky was sixth with dry holes,having but 29, while Oklahoma hadISO. Kentucky ranked third in number of wells drilling, having 239, ascompared with 1,077 in Oklahomaand 1,414 in North Texas.ALL RIGHT.If t comes from Davis, it is rightin. style, right in quality and rightin price.(It) J. W. DAVIS & CO.09L. DENHARDT'S FRIENDS SAYHE WON'T QUIT.Selden Glenn, Secretary of theDemocratic State Central Committee,denied he was sponsor for the reportthat Col. H. H. Denhardt would soonwithdraw from the race for the Democratic nomination for Governor.He said he was called over the telephone by a reporter who said he hada "hot tip" that Denhardt wouldwithdraw.Glenn, said he told the reporter hahad heard the report, but did not believe it.Denhardt's friends deny he willwithdraw.Daniel E. O'Sullivan, Denhardt'scampaign manager, says the reportabout the withdrawal is false.Mayor E. B. January and the members of the Board of Council of thecity of Paris, with the exception ofCouncilman John Merringer, paid avisit of inspection. Sunday to the cityof Louisville, making the trip inautos. While there they were guestsof the city authorities and wereshown the workings of the differentdepartments. The main object of thetrip was to ascertaii facts and figuresregarding the street system of Louisville, especially the streets that hadbeen paved with brick. They alsosecured much valuable informationconcerning other civic improvementsthat may be applied to the city ofParis. They were guests of MayorSmith and other officials at dinner atthe Seelbach Hotel, in Louisville, andhad a good all-round time, accordingto information received here.In connection with the visit it istold on one of the Councilmen, whomade the trip in his own machine,taking his family with him, that hehad a hard time on the streets ofLouisville avoiding street cars, hismachine becoming involved in an argument with one of the street cars,and had a hard time getting out ofthe way. Further along the machinestruch several other conveyances,and was having the time of its lifein its wild career, when the Seelbach Hotel was reached, where thecar was placed in a haven of rest.But, lo and behold, the city policepatrol came along shortly afterwardand placed the machine under arrestfor violating a city ordinance regarding parking cars at that particularpoint. When the owner's identitywas established and it became knownthat he was one of the most prominent members of the Paris Council,the machine was released from storage and restored to the owner, whopromised to make it behave on thereturn trip, which was safely accomplished.MAPPEAL TO FOSTER PARENTS OFFRENCH WAR ORPHANS.Last year one hundred and fiftyseven genrous Bourbon county peoplecontributed to the support of Frenchchildren who had been orphaned bythe war. The time has arrived forthem to renew their yearly subscription. The amount necessary to bepaid annually is $32.50. Those whodesire to continue their contributionsto this worthy cause are asked tocommunicate at once with Mrs. A.B. Hancock, of Paris.FRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSSpecial LotofLadies' Suitsat$15.00All Paris people are wonderingover the following special sent fromParis to the Louisville Courier-Journal,regarding efforts to secure apardon for George Alexander, serving a sentence for wrecking the Geo.Alexander & Co. bank in this city:That is, they are wondering- as tokthe identity of the woman."According to a rumor in circulation here, friends of George Alexander, convicted banker of Paris, willmake an effort in the near future toobtain a pardon for him from Gov.Black."During Gov. Stanley's incumbency of the office, " numerous attempts were made by friends of Alexander, but their efforts were of noavail, and their persistency finallybrought forth a card from the Governor, declaring that under no circumstances wiuld he issue a pardonto Mr. Alexander."In connection with this a storycomes from Frankfort, which iftrue, throws some light upon Gov.Stanley's reasons for refusing thepardon."As the story is told here, a society woman of Lexington undertookthe task of inducing the Governor togrant the pardon, and with that endin view made several trips to Frankfort. "On each of these trips, it is said,she called on Mr. Alexander and inher conversations with him boastedof the ease with which she would'make the 'old fogy' come acrosswith the pardon.'"Her conversations with Mr. Alexander, it is said, reached the ears ofGov. Stanley, and one day he calledher over the phone at Lexington andasked her to call at the Executivemansion the next time she was inFrankfort."Thinking- she had gained herpoint, she made a trip to the capitolcity the next day and called at theprison in the forenoon to see Alexander. "As she was leaving his cell, pre-4IN THE SERVICE OF THEIRI COUNTRY.Mrs. Thos. Bowles, of Millersburg,received a letter recently from herson,. Private P. M. Bowles, statingthaf'he had heen transferred from seaduty, and was now located at thesubmarine base at New London,Conn.RULE AT PARIS HIG' SCHOOL.Capt. L. N. Todd, of Winchester,who is in a Base Hospital, in Brest,Frence, is expected home soon. Hiswif has been a guest several sdaysof her sister-in-law, Mrs. Lee" R.Henry, arid Dr. Henry, at North Mid-dletown.Private Clarence Croft, of Richmond, was a visitor in Paris yesterday. Private Croft was a member ofthe Marines, and was wounded inone of "the big battles in France, inwhfch Uncle Sam's Marines coveredthemselves with glory.Jimes Thomas Steagall is backhome at North Middletown fromFrance, where he served as DivisionMessenger. He was sent to the frontwith messages on hundreds of occasions, but escaped without a scratch.He was in the battles of ChateauThierry, Argonne Woods, St. Mihieland at other places.Among recent arrivals from overseas after a long service is William("Sticks") Gorey, who recently received an honorable discharge. Goreywas a member of the railway servicedivision in which Wallace Hibler,Tommie Elder and others Paris boysare still serving. Sticks says the otherParis boys may have to remain in theservice for some time yet.FORMER RESIDENT OF PARIS LUCIENDIES SUDDENLY IN ILOUISVTLTRI The Junior Class of the Paris HighMiss Jessie Martin, aged about Schl had the distinct honor offifty years, a sister of Mrs. Clark Dringing Mr. Lucien V. Rule to Parisisarneu, of this city, died suddenly Ior a lecture, Thursday eveningin Louisville, Friday morning. Miss Kentucky is very proud of this poeticMartin was a daughter of the late son- He is the author of "The ShrineProf. Clarence L. Martin, who was of Love" and "The House of Love,"Superintendent of the Paris Schools two small volumes containing sonseveral years ago. She is pleasantly nets and lyrics which have broughtremembfered by friends who knew i unalloyed, pleasures to lovers of trueher during her residence here. Be- Petry. The Midland Review of Lousides her sister, in this city, she is isville, speaks of Mr.Rule as a Kensurvived by another sister, Mrs. j tucky Wordsworth, while the BookFrank Snyder, of Louisville, and by : man compares his sonnets im theiruer siepmomer, Mrs. c. L. Martin of scneme ana spirit to Mrs. Browning. Mrs. H. Clay Thomas, of nearParis, received a message from herson, Marion C. Thomas, that he isnow at Marseilles, France. He referred to the fact that this was theparatory to calling on the Governor, city at which Hon. Claude M.she is said to have remarked: LThomas. of North Middletown andJust Received:June ShipmentofWelwprth Waistsat $2.50'. 'Wirthinor Waists .Vat $1.50FRANK & CO.: LADIES' OUTFITTERSE Li T -Automobile DeliverytSTk&-"I will have to go to the hotel andpaint and powder a little before Icall on "old fogy. ""When she was ushered into thepresence of the Governor that afternoon the latter surprised her by saying: "Mis. . it was entirely unnecessary for you to paint and powderbefore coming to see me, as your natural charms are sufficiently alluring without the aid of eaniouilage,"and further added: "Before I giveyou my decision upon your invitationfor a pardon for Alexander I wantyou to hear my secretary read a fewnotes which I know "will prove mostinteresting to you.""Calling in his secretary, he hadto read some stenographic noteswhich proved to be word for word'duplicate of the conversation between his visitor and Alexander atthe prison, which was anything butcomplimentary on the part of thewoman toward the Governor."A dictagraph had been installedin Alexander's cell."ALL RIGHT.Paris, had been stationed as UnitedStates Consul under the Clevelandadministration. He said he expectedfo be home soon for good.inhisof"- (Corp. "Jas. L. Parker arrivedParis, Saturday, for a visit tomother, Mrs. George Parker,Maysville street. Young Parker beforeM his induction into the service,was;' employed in the Postal Telegraph Co.'s office in this city. Hehaslbeen in the thick of the fightingpyerseas with -the Twenty-ninth(Keystone) Division, and took partin all of l the big battles with hiscommand. He says he likes the lifeof a soldier so well that he would bewilling to go through it all again.Louisville. The Louisville Times ofFriday evening had the followingparticulars:"Death came suddenly to Miss Jessie Martin, a talented musician andteacher of music, as she was dressingat 7 o'clock this morning in the homeof her brother, John M. Martin, 1948Roanoke avenue. She was found afew minutes later by members of thefamily, lying upon her bed, wherehe had fallen. Her demise is attributed to heart trouble."The daughter of Clarence L. Martin, who died three years ago, MissMartin was born and reared inLouisville. She was 50 years old.Miss Martin studied in the CincinnatiConservatory of Music, in the Sherwood School, Chicago, and the Mathews School, New York. She held adiploma in music from the University of Chicago. She taught for anumher of years in Mississippi andalso in Owensboro. Recently she hadbeen teaching private classes inWebster, Ky., and was organizing aclass here."Miss Martin is survived by hermother, Mrs. Clarence L. Martin; twosisters, Mrs. Frank G. Snyder, ofLouisville, and Mrs. Clark Barnett, ofParis, and her brother? Miss Elizabeth Martin is her niqce."The funeral was held at the homeof her brother, Mr. John M. Martin,at two o'clock Saturday afternoon,followed by burial on the family lotin Cave Hill Cemetery,If it comes from Davis, it is rightin style, right in quality and rigtin price.(It) J. W. DAVIS & CO.oGIVE THE HOME' A BEAUTIFULAPPEARANCE WITH PORCHFURNITURE.We have a very elaborate stockof Fiber Porch Furniture, includingchairs, settees, swings, couches,tables, etc., now on display. Don'tspend all the money on inside decorations, remember you will be on theporch a great deal during the summer months.(23-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.oKNIGHTS TEMPLAR ELECTTHEIR STATE OFFICERSThe Grand Commandery of Kentucky Knights Templar will meet thethird Wednesday in May, 1920, atLexington, it was decided by the SirKnights in conclave at Owensboro.Richmond and Lebanon withdrewfrom the contest.Officers were elected as follows:Grand commander, Taylor MitchellEstes, Lebanon; deputy grand commander, Albert A. Hazlerigg, Mt.Sterling; grand generalissimo, Samuel P. Browning, Maysville; captaingeneral, Miles Hillary H. Davis,Paris; 'grand senior warden, JamesKeeley, Owensboro; grand juniorwarden, Oscar H. Mattmiller, Louisville; grand prelate, Frederick J.Mayer) Covington; grand treasurer,Roberjt C; Stockton, Richmond;grand recorder, Alfred H. Bryant,Covington; grand standard bearerJohn -R: Yeager,- Danville; grandsword bearer, Daniel B. Shackleford,Richmond; grand warder, John ToddGraves,', Versailles; grand, captain ofthe guard, James P. Gray, Louisville.o ,.COTTONSEED MEAL.'Swift's Digester Tankage 60Protein for Hogs.Swift's High Grade Fertilizer forTobacco.8-tf ) CHAS. S. BRENT & BROo - :WOOL WANTED..Revised plans for the return ofoverseas forces provide for the sailing from France of all troops exceptthose in the, regular divisions by June12, General March, chief of staff, hasannounced.Units now in the service or supplyare scheduled to sail 100,000 in May,200,000 in June and the small remainder in July. A definite schedulehas been arranged for closing all thesupply sections anl leave the areasnow under control of the Americanexpeditionary force headquarters.-3i Will pay highest , market price.I Call, pet sacks and twine. Sacks'furInished free.R. B.HUTCHCRAFT & CO.(may23-6t)KENTUCKY .RACERS STILLPROVE INVINCIBLE.In the presence of a crowd onlysecond to that of Derby Day, Midway, a five-year-old chestnut horseby Fallot Thirty-Third, scored avictqry over a fine field of long distance runners in the seventh runningof the Kentucky Handicap at onemile and a quarter at ChurchillDowns, Saturday afternoon. TheOgden -Stable's Beaverkill finishedsecond a length back of the winnerand head in advance of Willis SharpeKilmer's Exterminator.. EdwardBeal McLean's The Porter was beatena very slight margin for thirdmoney.Sir Barton, winner of the Kentucky Derby, and Preakness Stake,captured another rich purse at theJamaica track Saturday, when, heflashed under the wire an easy winner over Eternal, with PastoralSwain, an added starter, third, in theWithers Stakes at one mile for 5,-000.ALL RIGHT.If it comes from Davis, it is rightin style, right in quality and rightin price.(It) J. W. DAy & CO.Portugese Sonnets. Madison Ca-wein said of him, "You singr thephilosophy of love better than anymodern poet I know of."The subject of Mr. Rule's lecturewas "A Poetic Interpretation of Human Life as I Have Observed It in a.Great Field of Social Uplift andProgress." With his philosophy oflife and the message of his poetry hefinds and points out a high plane ofliving. The Girls Glee Club gave agroup of songs before and after thelecture and a large and enthusiasticaudience enjoyed a most unusualevening's treat. It is opportunitiessuch as this that enable us to knowand appreciate the men who are making literature to-day.oCity licenses are now due and 'should he paid promptly to CityTreasurer W. W. Mitchell. Penalties will soon attach to those failingto comply with this law.(27-5t)LEVY LEASES LOCATION FORLARGELY INCREASINGBUSINESS.'ievy, the Dry Cleaner, has leasedthe building vacated by the ParisRealty Co., and has installed modernmachinery for the handling of alli s of dry cleanng. Not onlyclothes but rugs, carpets etc., madeto look like new. Promnt attfinHnnsiven an inquiriesat nffirA rr 'Ktr(16-3t) jteered to co-operate in the inquiryMONEY RIGHT IN YOUR. HANDPOR EGGS. POULTRYAND JUNK.Highest -cash price for eggs,poultry, hides and junk.MUNICH & WIDES CO.,(11-tf) Eighth Street, Paris, KyoINVESTIGATING OIL STOCKS ISORDER OF DAY.The investigation begun some timeago by the district attorney's officeof New York, into the sale of stocksof "fake" oil wells in Texas and Oklahoma has. been extended into theadvertisements of these stocks, it wasannounced. Assistant District Attorney Dooling said he had communicated with boards of trade in the twoSouthwestern States learning thatmany of the stock selling concernsneither own nor have leases on oilproducing lands, while others have -leasesexpiring within a few month.,and have installed no operating machinery. Witnesses who had bought stocksof non-existent oil wells were being:heard daily, it was stated, and several newspapers as well as thecurb market associations had volun-WOOL WANTED. tWe pay market price for yourwool- Sacks ready. We rpceivewool at both our North Middletown and Paris warehouses.CLARKE & YOUNG.(apr22-tf)oASK TOR RITTER'S SALT RISINGBREAD.When you go to your grocer ordealer ask them for Hitter's salt rising bread, a local food made fromchoice pure materials.RITTER'S BAKERY.(25apr-12-t)oMORRIS RULES CHILDREN MAYWORK APTER SCHOOL.In an opinion given to Mrs. Chas.Musgrave of the State Labor Department, Attorney General Charles Morris, at Frankfort, held that a childunder 14 years of age may be employed during the school term provided he is not emploved during anypart of the time that the school is in'daily session. , r . vWE KNOW HOWvBLUE SERGESUITSOf Real ValueYOU WILL PEND AT OUR STORE SERGE SUITS THATARE ABSOLUTELY PAST COLOR. NOT THE KJND THATLOSE THEIR SHAPE AND BECOME BAGGY AND TT.TPITTING APTER A PEW WEEKS' WEAR. REAL VALUESIN STEIN-BLOCH AND MICHAEL STERNS PINE CLOTHES,AT PRICES WITHIN REACH OP ALL$25.00 to $50.00. NOTHING NICER POR SUMMER WEAR THAN A BLUESERGE. WE HAVE MANY DESIRABLE PATTERNS INPANCY SUITINGS BLACK AND WHITE CHECKS, SHEPARD PLAIDS, TANS, GREYS AND PANCY GREENS; SNAPPY STYLES POR THE YOUNG PELLOW PANEL BACK,CLOSE PITTING COATS SLANTING POCKETS, EXTREMEENGLISH CUT TROUSERS.MITCHELL & BLAKEMORENettleton ShoesDr. Reed's Cushion Sole ShoesManhattan ShirtsStetson HatsS-,rAGE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PABIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, MAY 27, 1919.Im BOURBON newsEstablished 188137 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayPer Year. .$2.00 6 Months. .? 1.00Payable in Adavance.6WXFT fiAivrp, Editor and Owner.:.Xatered at the Paris, Kentucky,V"Potoffice as Mall Matter of the'J " Second Class.)M Any erroneous reflection upon theJtfaaracter, standing or reputation ofJwy person, firm, or corporation which.-fay appear in the columns of THE!.BOURBON NEWS will be gladly corrected If brought to attention of the-lifer. ,J6.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perfcaeh for first time; 50 cents per inch.pfoa subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per line'mlcIi issue; reading notices in blackJype, 20 "cents per line, each Issue.-j Cords of thanks, calls on candltotes, obituaries and resolutions, andalmllar matter, 10 cents per line. ", Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.u The right of publisher is reseivedto -decline any advertisement or other.matter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust Invariably be accompanied bythe cash.HISTORICAL DRIVE.June is historical month in Ken-tucky. Every county in the State isnow engaged in making a permanentrecord of the part it played in the.World War.The records of the soldiers are being made on war record sheets. Therecords of the civilians are beingmade in the form of reports of thejwo-ck done by the County Council ofDefense, Red Cross Chapters, LibertyLoan Campaign Committees, Women'sClubs and other organizations whichtook a part in winning the war.Whei these records are completedti."v' will be bound in permanentfo "i and placed in the archives ofthe county.'vlue Kentucky Council of Defense, inaugurated this work in September,:1J31J,. by appointing State and Coun-" tyk Historians. These historians are"engaged in the laborious task of com-piiing complete lists of the men who'Iiave lost their lives, those who havefcjeen wounded and those who haveJfrojL special honors. They are also.inaking a complete roster of all menTin the service. A special effort isjb.elos made to get a complete list oft&e volunteers, and those who havei)4en for a long- time in the regulararmy. The historian for this countya, , .Mrs. Fanniebelle Sutherland,.3jais, and she needs your help.Bvery person who has a relative5iL tlie service should make it a per-soaal duty to see that a War Record""blank is filled for such person andlianded to the County Historian.These" blanks may be obtained fromMrs. Sutherland.. oHOUSEFLY MENACE.f Th.e-United States Public Health.ervice has just issued an illustratedtjppster calling attention in a strikingmanner to the dangers of the commonJliouse fly and, explaining the bestrmetb-ods of destroying them.' In the center of th.e poster there isa vivid picture of a fly, showing'clearly the thousands of little .hairson its body and wings and legs, whichjSftrve- to readily collect and carry.t&e disease-breeding filth whichawakes this Insect so dangerous to huWiaalty. Smaller pictures show largelumbers of fllies swarming in andBfcut nuthouses, garbage pails, cusSdors, etc., and flying thence to theed of a sleeping infant where they"drag their nasty feet over its sweetinnocent face, befoul the nipple ofits nursing bottle, and then go fromthe child to the dining room, wherethe food and dishes are contaminatedwith, filth and .disease germs.o-IEHROLLMENT WILL BE BIG.i Tfftw life has been put into theTiwft' a.nd Girls' Club work in Kentucky by the co-operation of banksha. all parts of the State. Duringft $1 r banks loaned club members$75,000 fr the purchase of purebred stock. Club leaders at theheadquarters of the Extension Divisfi9&. of the College of Agriculture atkfexington, are now confident that1f919 will show more money loaned2nd a larger enrollment in club-work.o- DISTRICT CONFERENCESA series of district conferences willl& held during May and the firstofeelc of June in all of the Y. M. C.&. districts of the State. Plans forSSuq work of each district will be discussed. Delegates from all countiesin. each district will be present. Fol5fwiiig is the schedule of dates:Lebanon, May 5: Pineville, May 6;TJDuisviile, May 12; Bowling Green,May 14; Lexington, May 20; Paris,pCy 20; Lexington, (Camp Danielmoon District), May 21: Paducah,Scay 23; Jackson, May 27; CovingSon, May 28; Henderson, May 30;Central Kentucky College, June 2;jHopkinsville, Western Kentucky,(colored), June 6.oBAD WEATHER FOR GARDENS' The cty gardens look weak after so.little sunshine and it will be sometime before anyone has vegetables to'"eat. No early fruit or berries, butproipecte look good for other crops.Tbi6 has'been ta most unusual monthfor rainfall anddark, cool days.CITYSCHOOL'PUSLS PASS SUCCESSFUL EXAMINATION .Out of seventy-five pupils of theParis City School who took the examination recently" at the county pupils examination for entrance to theParis High School, seventy-two weresuccessful in getting the requiredhigh mark entitling them to the coveted vhonor. Those who successfullypassed the ordeal were as follows:Edna Burnett, Edna Earl Burns,Gayle Brown, Frances Brown, Raymond Bowling, Sallie Joe Bodkin, Dillard Bird, James Brannock, EdnaCrouch, Louise Combs, Jos. Cain,Mary Louise Clendenin, Martha Collier, Hamlet Collier, Chas. Christman,Sophia Clifford, Marian Clifford,Mary Cummins, Anna H. Donnell,Catherine Duncan, James Douglas,Nancy Deaver, Lillian Day, Irene Estes, Chas. Gooden, Ruby Hall, Marjorie Howard, Edgar Hill, ConstanceHill Houston Jacoby, Dorothy Jacoby, Louise Ingram, Mary F. Kiser,Shelby Lusk, Mary Letto-n, RussellMullins, Anna Ware Myers, YutakiMinakuchi, John Nadin, Geneva Oliver, Anita Overley, Rebecca Purnell,Thelma Payne, Mary E. Petrie, Gleran Price, Louise Potts, Cecil Ryles,Mary B. Roberts, Carley Scott, Thos.Spicer, Edwin Shearer, Ellen Scott,Aaron Stern, Helen Speakes, FrancesSteenbergen, Sam Shawhan, MintaSmith, Roy Stipp, Anna L. Sauer,Leslie Smith, Harmon Taylor, PaulThompson, Ethel Toadvine, MabelTaylor, Isabel Talbott, Ilga Wagoner,Louise Wright, Kirby Woods, Elizabeth Weathers, Louise Wilmoth, Ruby Taylor.Thirty-two of the thirty-seven colored students, resident in Bourboncounty, who also took the HighSchool entrance test passed a successful examination, and were placed onthe roll. They were as follows:Anna E. Asher, Martha Bishop,Lordena Butler, Hanford Butler, Edna Conway, Mary Darrell, LottieDangerfield. Anna Ewing, Cornieuaaay, luaruia wiaey, uena iiei,Essie Karris, Wilson Hayy, LottieJohnson, Joe Johnson, Kittle Jackson, Melvia Jackson, Sam Johnson,Minnie Jones Geraldine January,Elifia Killar, Burnett Kash, EwingLawson, Mary Mack, Viola McAfee,Johnetta Mebane, Chas. Rice, Margaret Robinson, Willie Spears, Everyne Taylor, Hattie Thomas, LillianWoods and Bettie Williams.oLEVY LEASES LOCATION FORLARGELY INCREASINGBUSINESS.Levy, the Dry Cleaner, has leasedthe building- vacated by the ParisRealty Co., and has installed modernmachinery for the handling of allkinds of dry cleaning. Not onlyclothes but rugs, carpets etc., madeto look like new. Prompt attentiongiven all inquiries at office or byphone. (16-3t)oFORMER PARISIAN SELLS OUTRICHMOND HOTEL BUSINESSMr. Alex Mellinger, formerly ofParis, where he was for several yearsan engineer on the Louisville &Nashville railroad, has sold out hishotel business in Richmond. TheRichmond Daily Register says:"An important business deal inRichmond was consummated whenMr. and Mrs. Alex Mellinger soldout the Richmond Hotel on EastMain street to Messrs. L. C. Rowlettand Boyd Sandlin. The new proprietors are both hustling and popular young men and their manyfriends predict for them a most successful career at this hostelry andlunch stand. Mr. and Mrs. Mellinger's plans are as yet indefinite, butthe wide circle of friends they havemade .here hope that they will continue to make Richmond their home.They have been in charge of theRichmond Hotel for the past eightyears and bjf courteous service andindustry are understood to have beenremarkably successful in its conduct.They own one of the most attractivehomes in town out on West Mainhstreet, and it is understood are desirous of remaining in Richmond ifthe right sort of business propositioncan be found."oESCOBA IN TRAINING.Kenneth D. Alexander's crack Escoba will shortly be put back intraining, as he gives every promiseof standing a racing preparation, andhis owner has decided to send himto John S. Ward, who will preparehim with a view to campaigning atSaratoga. Escoba has during thewinter and up to the present beendriven on an average of six milesdaily to a cart and as a result isbodily fit. His suspicious leg is alsoshowing soundness. Escoba wasbred to about a dozen mares at theJohn H. Morris farm this spring.oNEWSPAPER ADVERTISING INWAR AND PEACE!The Liberty Loan drives, the RedCross drives, the various war charities were made successful with theaid of newspaper advertising.Nothing else would have arousedthe people so quickly.No means of communication withthe mass of the people would havebeen so prompt and so low in cost.To-day newspaper advertising ishelping bring the world back to balance. It is opening the natural channelsof commerce, starting the mines andmills and opening jobs for the returning soldiers.oOVERLOOKED ONE.An exchange in giving a list ofKentucky officers published the nameof Gen. Frank Long Winn, native ofWinchester, who has rendered splendid service. The paper, through oversight, failed to mention the name pfGen. John C. Winn, also of Clark,who was born and reared in Winchester. He was the first West Pointcadet from the old Tenth district,, after that district was established.andJhe also has raae a brilliant record.MILLERSBURGpCol. W. M. Layson and Mr. A. J.Butler continue to grow weaker.Bargains in shoes at Caldwell's.Don't fail to see them.Mrs. W. M. Miller left Fridayfor Georgia, where she will spend thesummer with her cousin, Mrs. Adams.The Millersbur,g Chautauquawill convene on Monday, July 14,continuing through Saturday, July19. See later issue for further particulars. 'NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC Ihave just purchased a new Landersstitching machine, and am preparedto do all kinds of shoe repairing atreasonable prices.(6may-8t) JOE. GREEN.The "Millersburg Graded Schoolclosed Friday, the children all takinga picnic dinner with them, which "wasserved at. noon in the school room.The day was spent in social amusement, and both teachers and students enjoyed a good time.Mrs. M. M. Jones visited herbrother, Mr. Kofendoffer, at the BaseHospital, at Louisville, Wednesdayand Thursday. Mr. Kokendoffer hasjust returned from France, where hesustained a wound, which is notthought to be serious, but may keephim in the hospital for some time.The farm of the late J. F. Miller,consisting of 151 acres, was sold Friday, at public sale, to Mr. Aris Wiggins for ?321 per acre. This givesMr. Wiggins a large tract of land allis one body. The personal sale ofMr. Miller was held some weeks ago,out of which $13,000 was realized.There are three heirs to the estate,Mrs. L. T. Draine, of Eminence, Mrs.Anna Cummins, of Jackson, and thechildren of the late W. F. Miller.The W. C. T. U. Convention ofthe Seventh District will open hereto-night, continuing through Wednesday night. The State officers ofthe Society will be present, includingCol. George W. Bain, of Lexington,the veteran temperance orator, whowill address the convention Wednesday evening. Delegates from theCentral and Arlington unions of Lexington, and the organizations ofChilesburg, Paris, North Middletownand Little Rock will be present.Delegates will be entertained at Millersburg, but the majority of thosefrom Lexington will leave on anearly train Wednesday morning andwill return that evening. A suitablecounty chairman for Bourbon countyto organize forces there for the Statewide campaign for the prohibitionamendment, will be appointed, andnumerous leports and speeches willbe heard.You would imagine that a manwho has had four wives would knowall he wanted to know about women.But the durn fool is more. than likelyto go and get married again.Notice to Contractors.May 20, 1919.Sealed bids will be received at theoffice of Pearce Paton, County Clerk,Court House, Paris, Bourbon County,Kentucky, until 11 o'clock a. m.,JUNE 5, 1919.by the Fiscal Court of BourbonCounty, Ky., for the improvement ofthe Paris-Mt. Sterling Road; ParisCynthiana Road and Paris-Lexington.Road number, 9D1, 9E1, 9H19D1 From the City limits ofParis, Ky.9E1 From the Junction of Parisand Georgetown Road, approximately1 mile from City limits of Paris, Ky.9H1 From the City Limits ofParis, Ky.9D1 Towards North Middletown, adistance of 10 miles.9E1 Towards Cynthiana, a distanceof 5.5 miles. .9H1 To Fayette County line, adistance of 7.1 miles a distance ofapproximately 9D1, 10 miles; 9E1,approximaely 9D1, 10 miles; 9E1,5.5 miles; 9H1, 7.1 miles. The improvement will consist of cleaningthe road, furnishing and applying allmaterials and surfacing it to a widthof 9D1, 14 feet; 9E1, 12 feet;9Hl, 16feet; with Bituminous surface treatment, approximate a&-gal. per squareyard.This work is a State Aid Project.Plans may be seen and instructions to bidders, specifications andform of proposal secured at the officeof the County Clerk at Paris, Kentucky, and at the office of the Department of Public Roads, Old CapitolBuilding, Frankfort, Kentucky.A certified check payable to theSheriff of Bourbon County, Ky.,equal in round numbers to 5 of thebid. must accompany each proposal.The right to reject any and allbids is reserved.PEARCE PATON,County Clerk, Bourbon County.RODMAN WILEY,Commissioner Public Roads.APPROXIMATE QUANTITIES OFWORKPARIS AND MT. STERLING ROAD,NO. 9D1.82,130 square yards in job.16,4 25 square yards with gallonapplication; 65,705 square yardswith 1-3 gal. application.1,980 tons of stone chips;30,114 gallons of Bituminous material. 82,130 square yards of surfacePARIS AND CYNTHIANA ROADNO 9E1.38,720 square yards in job.775 tons of Stone chips; ,19,360 gallons of Bituminous material ;38,720 square yards of surfacecleaning.PARIS AND LEXINGTON ROADNo. 9H1.66,641 square yards in job.1,604 tons of stone chip;33,321 gallons of Bituminous material; 66,641 square yards of surfacecleaning. t ,(may23-27-300 v .WAS WORTH 1,000DOLLARS' TO HIMFeels Better Than Eor Five YearsSince He Took Meritone."It's a fact that I wouldn't take athousand dollars for what this onebottle of Meritone has done for meand I'm getting two' more bottles,"said W. R. Kirkpatrick, of 5,012Illinois avenue, Nashville, Tenn."I think it is my duty to let thepeople know what this medicine hasdone for me, for I consider it a luckyday when someone told me aboutMeritone and advised me to try it.Nothing Gave Relief"For five years I was bothered almost constantly with a soreness inmy stomach and I had severe pains,similar to rheumatic pains, thatwould run up and down my leg."I think I had tried every othermedicine on the market and dideverything I could, but nothing gaveme relief. Why, I've taken so manydifferent medicines that out homeI've got a basket filled with the bottles. But nothing helped me."Since taking Meritone I feel better than I have for five years andMeritone has done me more goodthan all the other medicines put together." Mr. Kirpatrick is one of thethousands of people who have beenbenefitted by Meritone. It is highlyrecommended for ailing conditions ofthe stomach, liver, kidneys or forcatarrh, rheumatism, sleeplessness orlack of appetite.Meritone is sold exclusively inParis by G. S. Varden & Son.(adv)Big Auction Sale425 ACRESCelebrated Tolley FarmONE OFMaury County's Finest Stock and Grain FarmsON THE PREMISESON HAMPSHIRE PIKE-3 MILES WEST OF COLUMBIASaturday, May 31st10:30 A. M., Rain or ShineWe 'have surveyed and subdivided and will offer for sale, at publice auction, the famous farmand beautiful home of W. M. Tolley, three miles west of Columbia, Maury County, Tennessee, on theHampshire Pike, containing 425 acres deep, rich, level to gentle rolling land, and known the countryover as one of the richest and most productive, as well as the most extensively improved farms in theState.Close in and convenient to Columbia, o-ne of the livest business towns and educational centersin the State, wheie you have the advantages of the best schools and colleges for both girls and boys, aswell as the benefit of the great Middle Tennessee Experimental Farm, located on same pike, half way between Columbia and this farm, where the Government is spending hundreds of thousands of dollarsteaching farmers and their sons how to make farms pay the biggest profits. The historic Zion Church isonly a short distance west of this property.The Home of Hal PacersThis fine farm is the home of the Hal pacers, and a number of the fastest horses and the finestregistered cattle and hogs the South has ever produced. Grace Direct, with a pacing record of 2:06V,was recently sold from this farm to Hon. W. H. Foster, Mayor and millionaire, of Elkart, Ind., for theround sum of $5,000. Now shipping two others to Canada.The improvements consist of a beautiful new 10-room, 2-story brick residence, overlooking finepike and nice shady lawn. The house is finished in old ivory and mahogany, hardwood floors, cabinetmantels, hot and cold water, two baths, furnace, electric lights and gas, concrete basement and watersystem that furnishes fresh running spring water year round in residence, barns, lots and all fields; threetenant houses and numerous other outbuildings. Three acres in fine orchard, just beginning to bearfand one of the best-fenced and watered farms in Maury County. It will please the most fastidious.Mr. Tolley has just bought larger farm and gets possession on June 1, so has given us written instructions to sell for the high dollar, giving immediate possession of the farm, crops, residence, gardens,orchard and everything, consisting of 45 acres of wheat and young clover, 70 acres corn, 45 acrescrimson clover, 8 acres red clover, 65 acres oats and young clover, 16 acres barley, 35 acres rye and sweetclover, 150 acres bluegrass and orchard grass, all in the highest state of cultivation, having been usedfor a number of years as a stock and grain farm on a large scale. Everything just ready to move intoand go to coining money.Mr. Farmer-Mr. Business Man-Mr. InvestorWake Up!Just think what this means to you. In thirty to sixty days these fine crops can be turned intocash and will help make your payment on the farm.The corn is being planted and cultivated and by the time you take possession will almost be made.The bluegrass pastures and young clover crops are ready for your live stock, and not a dollar's intereston the farm until you are almost ready to cash out the growing crops.When did you ever have such an opportunity? When will you ever have another opportunity tobuy a farm this way, where there is already growing and in sight on the farm, at the present high pricesof all farm products, to make a big cash payment on the farm? Figure what this brings the price ofthe farm down to this fall.The farm will be offered for sale in four separate tracts and then as a whole and the plan producing best results will be a sale.TERMS One-fourth cash, balance one, two and three years.Old-fashioned barbecue and other good things will be served by the ladies. Come and enjoy yorself.For further particulars, and to be shown the farm, phone, write or call on Mr. W. Y. Tolley, owner,on the farm, orW. W. DILLON & CO.AGENTS304 Third Avenue, North Nashville, TennesseeAuto For SaleThree-passenger Studebaker roadster, good as new. Will demonstrateit Call Cumberland Phone 552.(13-tf) S. E. McCLANAHAN.Alfalfa and Stock FarmsIn the famous black paririe belt ofNortheast Mississippi, ranging from50 to 200 acres.Write for literature and prices.- MISSISSIPPI FARM SALESAGENCY,Columbus, Miss.(tilll3june)OLD MAN HARRISEditor of the Kentucky Oil Journalof Louisville, has made scores of hisreaders from $100 to $800 on "insidetips" on oil and mining stocks tellswhat is good, buys, and what is badfree to his subscribers only. Sample copy free. Map of Kentucky oilfields 16x25 inches wash drawingand a beauty free to agents whowill take subscriptions for me amongtheir friends. The Journal is 16pages, illustrated, now $2 per year,soon $5. 411-12 Inter SouthernBuilding, Louisville, Ky.(8apr-tf-T)The J. W, BrownRealty Co.Masonic Temple. 211 Main Street,Paris, Kentucky.List your Farms and City Propertywith us. Call on us if you have anything to dispose of at Public Auction.E. T. Phone 831. (tf)OFDo You WantTo Save$10 to $15?For ten days we areofferingYOUNG MEN'SWAIST-LINE SUITSFor$22.50to$25.00Value $30.00 to $35.00.See window and then comein.L. Wollstein619 Main St. Paris, Ky.(may20-4t)425 ACRESGet Busy!(iTUESDAY, MAY 27. 1919.THE BOTOBOH HEWS, PAWS; KEKTOcnflGXI f PL Wf A - aBBBBallWRBBBBBBBBBBBC X -.BBBBBBBBBBBBBrfi Stop Wasting Soap ffWL Measure Out W&atJKPwW vwKtcd JyOPPOSITION DEVELOPS TO PRO;POSED CONSOLIDATED.SCHOOLS.The proposition to establish andmaintain a consolidated High Schoolat Millersburg for the school districts of Millersburg, Purdy and McIlvaine is meeting with strong opposition in many quarters. It is proposed, under the law, to levy a tax oftwenty cents on each $100 worth ofassessed property for State andcounty taxes to build, equip andmaintain a graded High. School. Theelection will take place on Saturday,May 31, the one voting booth being located in Millersburg.o .SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.4Mrs. Tillie Quisenbury has takenrooms with Mrs. James H. Haggard,uu. cypress street.Mrs. Nathan A. Bayless has returned trom a visit to her aunt, Mrs.Frazier, in Louisville.Mr. and Mrs. Irvine Prather, ofQhicago, are guests of Miss BelleMitchell, .on Pleasant street.YEA, VERILY! WE KNOWTHETEUTH!IT'SX"llllllllllltIIIIIIHtlHlltHIIIIIHMII;Miss Lina Crowe hasSEVEFTEEN-YEAR-LOCITSTS PUTIN APPEARANCE.Reports to the Department of Agriculture at Washington show thatthe seventeen-year locust has put inhis appearance in nearly every Stateeast of the Mississippi River.Despite the fact that this threatens to be perhaps the biggest locustyear since 1868, department entomologists are not alarmed, but they areworried about the army worm.RESOLUTIONNo. 1Designating portions of PleasantStreet, Main Street from Tenthto Fourteenth Street, TenthStreet, Fifth Street, Sixth Street,Fourth Street, Second Street,Seventh StSreet, Eighth Streetand Twelfth Street, to be improved by the original construction of the roadway, and by theconstruction of curbing and guttering on both sides thereof at Ithe cost of the abutting propertyowners and the City of Paris,Kentucky, and setting out ingeneral terms the character andextent of the proposed improvement, and declaring such improvment of each of said streetsto be a necessity, and to be payable on the Ten Year PaymentPlan.w.BE IT RESOLVED by the Boardof Council of the City of Paris, Kentucky, as follows:Section 1. The following streetsand portions thereof are hereby designated and proposed to be improvedby the original construction of theroadway with virtrified brick, asphalt, bitulithic, wood blocks, rockasphalt, concrete paving, or othertype of paved streets, and by the construction of curb and gutter on bothsides thereof, except where the sameis already constructed, in conformitywith the specifications for the uro-posed work, and such improvement ofeach of said streets, and portionsthereof, is hereby declared to be anecessity. The cost of curb and gutters to be at the -exclusive costs ofthe abutting property owners.(1) Pleasant Street from Secondstreet to the South end of said street.(2) Tenth Street from Main Streetto the L. & N. Railway Station.(2a) Main Street from Tenth toFourteenth Streets.(3) Fifth Street from High Streetto Pleasant Street.(4) Sixth Street from High Streetto Pleasant Street.(5) Fourth Street from HighStreet to the L. & N. Railway property. (6) Second Street from MainStreet to Pleasant Street.(7) Seventh Street frim HighStreet to Pleasant Street.n (8) Eighth Street from HighStreet to Pleasant Street.- (9) Twelfth Street from PleasantStreet to Cypress Street.Section 2. The cost of the improvement of the intersections ofsaid street, including the necessarydrains, and one-half of the width ofsaid street abutting other streets oraiieys wmch run into, but do notcross said street, and the cost of theimprovement of that portion of saidstreet which may abut upon propertybelonging to the city, and where theabutting owner is a public school,cemetery, County, State or theUnited States, shall be borne by thecity of Paris, Kentucky. The cityshall also pay for one-third of the total cost of the improvement afterdeducting therefrom the aforementioned portions, of said cost. The remaining two-third of the cost of saidimprovement shall be paid by theassessment of a special tax upon theproperty Ll,sXing on said improvement in the manner provided by law.The materials to be used in such improvement of said street shall be determined by the Board of Councilupon receipt of bids.Section 3. The said taxes hereinprovided for to be assessed againstthe abutting property inay be paidon the ten year paymenfplan in themanner provided by law, but thewlEM J?0TP-0 $tthe cost of "" im?Knmeha11 e Paid in sh uponimVovnt11 and acc!tence thetakePffii ?. Resolution shalland n? ,,wh21 aed, recordedand published as requirid by law. "E. B.JANUARY,DIZZINESS IS ANNOYINGAs Many Paris People Know TooWell.When the kidneys are weak or disordering, they fall behind in filteringthe blood of poisons. As these poisons attack the nerves, the result isfelt in spells of vertigo,, just asdrunkenness will make a man dizzyfrom the poisoning of alcohol. Dizziness, headache, backache and irregularity of the kidney secretions areall signs of weak or disordered kidneys and should not be neglected.Use Doan's Kidney Pills, the homeendorsed kidney remedy. Read thisParis resident's statement:Mrs. J. W. Markland, 326 Eighthstreet, says: "Some few years ago Isuffered severely with kidney complaint and some times was in a serious condition. I had a constant dullache across the small of my back andI was terribly dizzy at times. I haveused Doan's Kidney Pills for thistrouble and they have helped memore than anything else, always relieving me of the complaints."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Markland had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)oThe first submarine boat was tested in Plymouth harbor, England, in1774.RESOLUTIONParis, Ky., May 22, 1919.Mayor.No. 2Declaring the improvement ofStreet from the City Hall ftFourteenth Street, Main Streetfrom Fourteenth to TwentiethStreet by the construction of theroadway thereof, and by theoriginal construction of curbingand guttering on both sidesthereof at the cost of the Abutting property owners,, the Kentucky Traction & Terminal Co.,and the City of Paris, Kentucky,and setting out in general termsthe character and extent of theproposed improvement, to bepayable on the Ten Year Plan.Be It Resolved by the Board ofCouncil of the City of Paris, Kentucky, as follows:Section 1. That High Street fromthe City Hall to Fourteenth Street,Main Street from Fourteenth toTwentieth Street, is hereby designated and proposed to be improved bythe original construction of the roadway thereof with vitrified brick paving, asphalt paving, bitulithic, woodblocks, rock asphalt, concrete paving or other type of paved streets,and the construction of curb andgutter on both sides thereof, exceptwhere the same is already constructed in conformity with the specifications for the proposed work, and suchimprovement is hereby declared tobe a necessity. But the costs of curband guttering shall be at the exclusive cost of the owner of the abutting property. :Section 2. The Kentucky Tractionand Terminal Company shall pay itsporportionate part of the cost of saidimprovement as provided by its franchise, or contract with the city, anda special tax shall be assessed uponthe property, assets and franchise ofsaid company for the payment ofsame.The cost of the improvement ofthe inter-sections of said street, including the necessary drains, andone-half of the width of said streetabutting other streets or alleys whichrun into, but do not cross said street.and the cost of the improvement ofthat portion of said street which mavabut upon property belongme: to thecity, and where the abutting owneris a puoiic scnooi, cemetery, uounty,State, or the United States, shall beborne by the City of Paris, Kentucky.The abutting property owners' oneach side said street shall pay onethird of the total cost of said improve, and the Kentucky Traction andTerminal Company shall pay its proportionate part of said cost and theCity of Paris shall pay the remainder.The materials to be used in suchjimpiuveraeni oi saia street snail oedetermined by the Board of Councilupon receipt of bids.Section 3. A special tax shall beassessed upon the property abuttingon either side of said improvementsin the manner provided by law, andupon the property assets and franchises of the Kentucky Traction andTerminal Company in the mannerprovided by law, and all o'fjaidlxesmay be paid on the ten year paymentplan in the manner provided by law,except that the City's portion df'tnecost of said improvement shall bepaid in cash upon the completion andacceptance o said improvements.' Section 4. This resolution shall bein force and effect when passed andpublished as required by law.E. B. JANUARY,. J' 'Mayor.Paris, Ky., ,May 22, 1919.rptnrnorlirom a visit to her sister, Mrs. Wesley Franklin, in Cynthiana.T-Mr. Jeff C. Elgin, of Memphis,Tenn., is visiting his mother, Mrs.Annie Elgin, on Seventh street.Mrs. Evelyn Buck and MrsThompson H. Tarr have returnedfrom a visit to friends in Cincinnati.Miss Irene Downing has returned to her home in Lexington after avisit to Mrs. Allen Downard, nearthis city.Miss Maude Flynn has returnedto her home in Winchester after avisit to her sister, Mrs. R. L. Wilsonin East Paris.Miss Yetta. Vogel, guest of Mr.and Mrs. Chas. S. Goldstein, on Higgms avenue, has returned to herhome in Chicago.Miss Annie Woods, who has beenvery ill at her home on Eighth street,was reported yesterday as beingsomewnat improved.Mr. J. Sims Wilson has returnedfrom Pensacola, .Oklahoma, where hehas been for several weeks, lookingafter his extensive business interests. Miss Florence Short, who hasbeen in charge of the Centervilleschool, has returned to her home atAthens, having: closed Hip sr-Vir.niterm.Mr. Edward Neal has returnedto his home near Taylorsville, inSpencer county, after a visit tofriends and relatives in this city andcounty.Mibs Sallie Mae Banta and Eltone Rice have completed their year'swork at the Midway Female School,and have returned to their home nearLittle Rock.Miss Aileen Ellett, of North Middletown, was one of the girls awarded the basketball "T" by the students' athletic directors of Transylvania College, Friday.Mr. C. L. Steenbergen, managerof the Paris Gas & Electric Co., hasreturned from Cleveland, Ohio, wherehe attended the National Conventionof Electric and Natural Gas PlantManagers.Miss Frances Hancock has returned from Kansas City, Mo., whereshe has been attending the ScarritBible Training School. She was metat Cincinnati by her mother, Mrs. H.H. Hancock, and her sister, Miss Virginia Hancock.Miss Margaret Petree, of Paris,wo has been attending the AmericanSchool of Osteopathy at Kirksville,Mo., will be one of the graduates inthe nurses classes on next Saturday,.May 31. Miss Petree is a niece ofDr. Martha Petree, of Paris,Mrs. Claude Crouch, of nearParis, who has been a patient at theMassie Memorial Hospital, in thiscity, for the past four weeks, hasbeen taken to the Jewish Hospital, inCincinnati, where she will be giventhe radium treatment.Mrs. C. M. Clay and son, Mr.John Harris Clay, of Paris, accompanied by Mrs. Clay's sister, Mrs.Samuel Stone, of Louisville, left lastweek-end for an automobile tripthrough New York and Connecticut.They will be gone several weeks.Mr. Frank Farmer returned Saturday night to his business duties atHarriman, Tenn., after a visitrto hisfamily, who are spending the summerat the home of Mr. and Mrs. JamesW. Earlywine, in this city. Mr.Fanner is' in the service of the Cincinnati Southern railway, at Harriman. The annual opening of GrahamSpirngs Hotel, near Harrodsburg,will take place next Thursday. Aspecial musical program will be 'rendered, and a dance will be given.Mrs. Carl Crawford, of Paris, leftyesterday for Harrodsburg, to remainduring the season, in charge of thedining room.' Col. and Mrs. Charles Winn leftWinchester, Friday, for San Francisco, where he is to be stationed inthe regular army service. They werehonor guests for a family dining atthe home of Mr. and Mrs. RufusLisle, in Winchester. Mrs. JamesMcClure, of Paris, Mrs. Kate Egintonand Mrs. Louise Whitehead, of NewYork, were among the guests for thedelightful affair.THE NEWS acknowledges receipt of the following announcement:"1819 1919. The Trustees andFaculty of Centre College announcethe Centennial Anniversary, andcordially invite your attendance Junethe seventh to tJhe eleventh, nineteen hundred and nineteen, Danville,Kentucky."Old Centre has hundreds ofgraduates in this section, and on"Centennial Day" it is safe to assumethat everyone of them now residinghere will be present to take part inthe exercises and to renew tlhefriendships of their school days.Miss Mary Dan Harbison, 'soloistat the Paris Presbyterian church, assisted 'by her brother, Capt. RobertHarbison, gave a recital in Mt. Sterling, Friday evening, with Mr. Nelson. Weedon as accompanist. Theywere greeted by a largGjand appreciative audience, ana7were'cdmpelledto 'respond to numerous, encblres.Thfe , Mt. Sterling Sentinel-Demo-cra'sa'ysofthe concert: "The concert afld musicale given at the HighSchool Auditorium, by Miss Mary DanHarbison, -soprano, assisted by herbrother, Lieut. Robert Harbison,tenor, and with. Nelson weedon, ofAshland, as accompanist, drew alarge crowd of local music lovers whowere charmed by the beautiful renditions of the trio. These artists arewell-known and popular in Mt. Sterling and the concert was complimentary by them,' the entire proceedsgoing to the Missionary societies ofthe Presbyterian church."'(Other Personals on age 5)Editor James M. Aflen, in the Cyntniana Democrat, has the followingto say regarding the trials a U tribulations of the country editcv who isconfronted with the problem of keeping the linotype going, suppling- livecopy for the paper when its columnsare crowded with advirtising. Jim'swuiut, nna a resnnnsi nr...-. ?r, 'ti,nheart of every man who has spent!!j-"o in tut; uusmess: f rOne of the hardest duties in thoworld is to fill the news columns of alocal paper with interesting itemswhen there is really no news towrite. It is far more vexing and per-plexing-thana person who has neverhad anv eYnpripnno o ..,can well imagine. The oaDer mustcome out on time and the reading'io,n.Ci iis io De supplied from somesource. When the brain of the editor becomes weary and his mind inactive, his faithful scissors dull, is itdo you imagine, any child's play forhim to probe the gas bags of his imagination and bring forth a columnor more of original 'wind that willboth edify, delight and instruct hisreaders? Verily, the life of a countryeditor is full of trials and perplexities and, like the wicked, he isdoomed to not live out half his days."Do You Enjoy Life?A man in srond nhveinni nnnditmr,is almost certain to enjoy life, whilethe bilious and dyspeptic are despondent, do not enjoy their mealsand feel miserable a good share ofthe time. This ill feeling is nearlyalways unnecessary. A few doses ofChamberlain's Tablets to tone upthe stomach, improve the digestionand regulate the bowels is all that isneeded. Try it.(may-adv)o .STANDARDISATION PAYSWhen a county or a communitystandardizes any product, orders aresure to come. The following froma letter from the county agpnt ofOldham county, dated April 12th,tens its own taie:"Received inquiries for a total of740 White Rock Hatching eggs today from other counties. The resultof two years' work on White "RnnVstandardization has resulted in callsfor eggs and stock that exceed oursupplies. The people can't fill allorders that have been received. Anumber of orders for eggs have beenreturned and some orders for stockhave had to be returned because thepeople could not fill them. Two dollars for pullets and five dollars forcockerels have been the extremeprices paid and the people can notfill the orders that come in. All thisis due to tjie advantages of adopting one special breed. Our onlydifficulty now is furnishing the goodsin sufficient quantity. Have receivedorders for entire hatching egg output of the county, or at least the people liave."The J. T. Hinton CoUNDERTAKERSAND BMBALMMRSParis Ky.Mainancfl SixthStreetsDay phone 36Nlsht z . . 56or Home 286Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourLimousine invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.n-nH i' i' i i i tin tu itiiMi ...T..T..r. . j..j..f. HjnmimnProfessional Cards.DR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and ThroatROOMS 403-404FIRST ttAT'L BANK BUILDINGPHONE 136WM, GRAINNANAttorney-at-LawBOOMS 401-402ITRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGBourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4West Fifh StreetSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORDrWith all the latest improvements in laundry appliances"and expert helpers we areprepared to do work inferior to none, and solicityour patronage.IIX1IXIXIIIX.IXII The Bourbon Laundry jk Pans, Kentucky gx.CAMAL BROS.BABBEB SHOPPrompt and Courteous Attention toPatrons.HOT AND COLD BATHSftV orkVOncDropBurbon Poultry RmirA few drops in the Hfdrinking water cures flA13LCand prevents white XjnJT&Jl&diarrhoea, cholera and otcer-ediseases. One 60c bottle makes IXgallons of medicine. Pint bottis.price $1.20, makes 33 gallons. Adrngffists, or sent by mail postpaid,Bourbon Remedy Co., Lexington, KfiI1 ,!, i!4;I - - JmH fi!352SALf-ARXHEUHJVERtRUGGLESi ill'SBfSji.Hi -MMH :sjsnMMwMrIBVsbbbbbSM'BBBBmBHI!2sBBBBIIIBBBBBBBBIBBBaBIBBM, 1 "W16 Bank Row, Paris, Ky.XvHitttfttMiMfeWipage rouTHEBOUEBON NEWS,PAEIS, KEHTCrCKT'yTUESDAY, MAY 27 1915COUNTY'SDEAD.HEROICCharles Adair, Paris;died of dis-ease.Bishop S. Batterton, Paris; died ofwounds.John Blythe, Paris; died of disease. Charles G. Butler, Paris; died ofJames E. Cain, Paris-; killed in action. ."William M. Casey, Paris; died ofdiseaseHarry Hubble Chinn, Paris; diedof disease. .Harry H. Cunningham, Paris; killed, in action. ,,Elgin Dalzell, North Miaaieiown,died of disease.Clennie Dunnigan, Paris;died ofJames Fuller, Paris; killed in ac-Sergt. William A. Huddleston,Paris; died of disease.Joseph Holt, Paris; died of disease.Capt. Reuben Hutchcraft, Jr., killed in action. .Raymond Leslie Link, Hutchison;-lied of disease.James Mahorney, RuddlesMills;killed in action. .Lieut. James Weaver Neal, Pans;died of disease.Kelley B. Osborne, Austerhtz, died-of disease.Strother Prewitt, North Middle-town; died of disease.Luther C. Shanks, Paris;died of-vvounds.W. W. Stickrod, Pans; killedinaction.William Vice, Paris;died of dis-ease.oSECRET IS OUT NOW! TJ. S. DEPINES "UNDERWEAR."For weeks experts of the InternalRevenue Bureau have pondered definitions of underwear and other articles subject to the so-called luxurytares which went into effect May 1,in preparation for the regulationsgoverning administration of tlie taxArguments were made on one sideand the other seeking to show tnatcertain articles were not underwear,but something else. Finally the experts developed this definition of underwear: "Any garment worn under tneouter dress, such as undershirts,drawers, pants, bloomers, union suits,combination suits, tights, camisoles,corsets, corset covers, brashiers,chemises and vests'The regulations add that the listis "by no means intended to be exhaustive, but merely to give a general notion of the wide variety of articles taxable."The tax is ten per cent of tlie selling price in excess of five dollars pergarment.ALL READY TO SUPPLY TOO;HELD, POULTRY ANDRABBIT IENCEWe have received a large shipmentof American Field poultry and rabbitfence. Why not get the, best? It isthe cheapest, n t,T(27-4t) LOWRY & MAY.oNOTES PROM THE LODGESAt the recent meeting of RafhboneLodge, K. of P., the Second Rank wasconferred on the following candidates: A. C. Rowland, R. A. MitcHell Stanley Case. Henry Whalen,Wnj. Duncan and James Crump.-La class of five Paris candidateswill be 'initiated next Friday nightinto tne 'Shriners Degree at theOleika Temple Ceremonial to Tje Heldin. Lexington. The class is composedof Thos. &. McDonald, J. 1. Denton,R F. Clendenin, W. V. Shaw and XLB Araold. Ie was staged yesterdayby a friend of "the class" tHat they-1j -twioj -hoH asbestos clothuignaa d-iic. " -VinaiZ .mOrtP 111 aiiHUil."-ntaking the "trip across tlie liotsands,". oHR, FARMERS, ATTENTIONYour sows and pigs need Rapier'sPijr Meal right now. Makes hogs ratYif tiiffs ouickly. SeeW. C. DODSON(27-2t)aOBSERVE BOOSTER WEEK ,The week of June 2nd has beenofficially set apart as "Roosterwr During that week the farmerand poultry man -are urged to Pen orto Mil all roosters. It is J"tnat if every rooster m the Statewere Kept away ----- -.a million dollars wouiawhich are annually losbesaved,.inTottenInvestigations have proved that infertile eggs keep well, even m warmweather Fertile eggs begin to incutata quite rapidly in warm gatherandihen spoil. As seventeen perSnt of the eggs marketed in warmweather spoil, the loss runs into bigmoney quite rapidly.oWOiX TO BEGIN SOON ON T0! ' BACCO HOUSES.Excavation work for the foundations of the two new warehouses toerected in this city by the BourbonTobacco Warehouse Co., ana tne.New Independent Tobacco WarehouseCo.,:wiH begin soon, according to ln)C1Lt, hArd here yesterday. Theatobacco brokers of Pans have about500.300 pounds of tobacco in theirkeertfe which is being bulked ingoo? keeping order and made readyfor Jhe hogsheads.(Jot sohething comingPublishers of county newspaperscan look back to the great, strugglein de&nse ot worla freedom withTridei ' They were not found wantingwnen 'asked toy the Government tobeariagreati share of the burden.Nothing in America is more American than the county papers. Yet theeditors are not' wearing'one of thosesent out by -the Government,t tboee who did meHtoripuswork infttrtterin the iwoeny jwire.BOTJEBONNOTED COLORED ORATOR TO BEHERE JUNE 10.A message to THE NEWS yesterday from Prof. F. M. Wood, principalof the Western High School, in thiscity, stated that tlie noted coloredorator, Col. Roscoe Conkling Simmons, would deliver an address tothe students of the school at thecommencement exercises, which willbe held at the school on Tuesdaynight, June 10, at 8:30.Col Simmons has just returnedfrom France, where he has been inthe service for several months, serving with distinction and merit. Hehas gained the reputation of beingone of the most brilliant orators ofthe colored race. It will be remembered that he spoke here on a similar occasion, and that his addresswas heard with "great interest by alarge number of white people. Hehas the distinction of being the onlycolored man in the United States to tbe invited to speak before the NewYork Business Men's Club, which hedid, with the result of electrifyinghis auditors.oGRAND ENCAMPMENT I. 0. 0. F.ELECTS NEW OFFICERS.C. L. Perkins, of Cattlettsburg,was elected Grand Patriarch of theGrand Encampment of the KentuckyOdd Fellows in Providence. Theother officers elected were as follows:. Curt Gelbke, of Newport, GrandHigh Priest; Roy Forman, Lexington, Grand Senior Warden; R. N.Nance, Providence, Grand JuniorWarden; R. G. Elliott, Lexington,Grand Scribe; B. J. Durham, Danville, Grand Treasurer; M. M. Logan,Louisville, Grand Representative ofthe Kentucky Encampment to theSovereign Grand Lodge of the World,which will be held this year in Baltimore, in celebration of the 100thanniversary of the order on theAmerican continent.Grand Patriarch J. P. McCord, ofParis, presided at the s ession inProvidence, and R. G. Elliott was inhis usual position. In addition to theroutine work of the order plans werelaid for active work during the forthcoming year.R. G. Elliott has been Grand Scribeof the Grand Encampment for 25years and the Grand Encampmentpresented to him a Past Grand Patriarch's jewel in recognition of hisfaithful services. He has also beenGrand Secretary of the Grand Lodgefor 25 years.oFAMOUS AMUSEMENT ENTERPRISE TN PARIS JUNE 3.Gentry Brothers' Trained AnimalCircus will exhibit in Paris on Tuesday, June 3. Two performances willhe presented afternoon and night.The children's favorite exhibition hasoeen enlarged and improved for thisyear's tour until it eclipses all former efforts of the popular GentryBros.' Shows. A complete wild animal circus in addition to the programpresented by the domestic pets, combined with the pick of the professionof "human performers, .makes the .popular Gentry Show more interestingthan ever. "The all new street parade,witli its several bands and calliopemusic will be given on exhibition dayon fhe principal streets and the little folks should be on hand to secthe animals in their parade dress.oCOL. SPEAKES MAZES RECORDLAND SALE IN NICHOLAS.The farm of the late James F. Miller, in Nicholas, was sold Friday atpublic auction, under a decree of theNicholas Circuit Court, by U. M.Swinford, Master Commissioner. Thefarm consists of 151 acres and 30poles, and is situated on the Mays-ville and Lexington turnpike, nearMiller Station. It was the formerborne of tlie late Col. Leonidas Metcalfe, one of the pioneers of Nicholascounty. The sale was conducted by,Coh. George D. Speakes, of Paris, who'established a record for land sales mthat county by getting $321 per acreora total of $48,531.28. The landwas, purchased by Mr. Arris Wiggins,of Carlisle.i- LqGIVE THE HOME A BEAUTIFULAPPEARANCE WITH PORCH1'URNITURE. We have a very' ? elaborate stock6tt Fiber Porch Furniture, includingchairs, . settees, swings, couches,tables etc.. now on 'display. Don'tspend all the money on inside decojations remember you will be on theporch, a great deal during the surameV njonths.. (23-tf) .A. F. WHEELER & CO.o..WOMAN IN ACCIDENT.While Mrs. Edward Allen, of nearNorth Middletown, was on her wayon his way home from a shoppingexpedition in Paris, two boys whowere running a race on horsebackVan into her buggy, breaking it downand throwing her out. She was notseriously injured, and was removedto her, home", where; she . was givenmedical" attention. ' The boys disappeared after the accident, and theiridentity was not learned.oMEMORIAL DAY.Next Friday, May 30, will be Mermorial Day all through the country.While the day was intended primarily to be observed as a memorial dayfor the soldiers of the Union, army ithas for a long time been an occasionwhen the blue and the grey minglein paying their respects to the memory of their dead. The custom hasfallen into' disuse in this city, andthere has been nonpublic observancefor many years. .Now that the waris bvjer wouldn't it' be a good time toproperly observe "Memorial Day," inthe spirit in which it was intended?c o -NEW AUTO OWNERS.TheLexington Cadillac Co. reports. ,he ,sale ,pf a seven-passengerCadillac- touring Jcar to Mr. Win..I Grimes, of Paris.BELIEVE NEGRO MURDERER HASBEEN CSPTURED.That a negro placed under arrestby the police of Atlanta, Georgia, isa murderer wanted here, is the beliefof Chief of Police Link. A few daysago Chief Link received a messagefrom. Assistant" Chief of Police Jett,of Atlanta, notifying him that theyhad arrested there a negro namedWilliam alias "Cap" Roberson, andwould hold him for identification.The message described the man asbeing about five feet nine or teninches high; weight about 155 to160 pounds; brown-skinned withraw-boned face; eyes set back in-head. The message further statedthat it was believed he was the manwanted here for the killing of a negro in Claysville several years ago.On going through the records of thepolice department Chief Link andCoroner Davis came to the conclusion that the man was the one whoshot and killed a negro named Thos.Collins, in Claysville, on the nightof August 24, 1914. The negro wasshot in the back, the bullet passingthrough his heart, causing death instantly. The murderer made his escape, and has never been apprehended. Chief Link wired the Atlantaauthorities to hold Robertson and tohave his photo taken and forwardedhere for identification purposes.ALL RIGHT.If it comes from Davis, it is rightin style, right in quality and rightin price.(It) J. W. DAVIS & CO.oSOME HOPE YET.There seems to be some hope yet,according to a Paris traveling man,who makes the blackberry and fruitcounties in his territory, that some ofthe fruit escaped damage by the recent heavy frosts and continued coldweather. He says that apples, blackberries and plums seem to have comeout all right. In returning from atrip Saturday he stated to a NEWSman that the blackberry bloom washeavier than he had seen it for years.Hundreds of acres of tobacco landhave been planted in tobacco byfarmers who kept on the job as longas the plants could be set The mensetting out the plants were paidforty cents an hour. Even smallboys made good wages, and in someinstances, women went into the fieldsand took their places with the menwho were doing the work. The traveling man stated, also, that thegrapes, which were badly damaged,are putting out new fruit shoots andthat it was the opinion that almostan average crop would result.oSTUDENTS GO VISITINGOver fifty of the boys in the classesin agriculture at Berea, Ky., visitedthe College of Agriculture and theExperiment Station farm last week.It was .a day spending affair of theold Southern type so the studentsmight have ample time to see thefeeding cattle, the dairy stock, thepoultry and the other interestingwork being done, besides taking- dinner at the cafeteria in the basementof the Experiment Station.oB-4 FIREInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,Agts. oOLD BAY LINE STEAMER, VIRGINIA, BURNED. -Several of the 156 passangers onthe Old Bay Line steamer, Virginiaburned at 1 o'clock Saturday morning in Cheasakeake Bay off the mouthof the Potomic River, were injuredbut none lost their lives. Not a fewhad narrow escapes. There weremany tnriinng rescues made by mem-oers or tne crew of the burning vessel, and by officers and members ofthe crew of the Cheaspeake liner Cityof Norfolk, which was close to theVirginia when the fire occurred andstood by her until the last.oFire, Wind and LightningInsurance. ,Thomas, Woodford & BryanJJHRTY EMPLOYES BURNEDTRIPLE EXPLOSIONS.IN- Thirty persons were burned several probably fatally, in a triple explosion in the case and can department of the Standard Oil nnmns ABayonne, N. J. One man. a. livirJtorch, leaped into Newark Bay butwas-rescued and taken to the 'Bayonne Hospital along with the othervictims. The 4,000 employes at theplant, including nearly 600 sdrlswere panic stricken.INSURANCE.a FJre' J?rnad0 Lightning,Automobile and Hail.n ,. YERKES&PEED.(janl4-tf)MADE A MISTAKE.Tofish for fish and h rwoTiby hooking a large slippery eel, wasthe unusual experience of a smallnegro boy, who was fishing at theParis Milling Co.'s dam Sunday.The boy thinking the eel to be asnake, dropped his pole with a yellof terror, and fell into the waterwhich was fortunately, shallow atthat point. He was- rescued by anuiuer companion, who brought boypole and eel safely to shore. The eelmeasured thirty inches in length.WOOL WANTEDWill pay highest marketprice. Sacks furnished free.CMS. S. BRENT & BRO.(aprl8-tf)MONEY RIGHT IN YOUR HANDPOR EGOS. POULTRYAND JUNK. -Highest cash price forpoultry,, hides and jimk. Y,eggs,MUNICH & WirES CO.,(11-tf) Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.- AaMWM)MThe Line Oil Co.WE have acquired a 75 acre lease adjoinB" ing the Sallie Davis lease of the BatcherOil Co., on Hell Creek in Lee Count v.There is one good producing well on this property at thepresent time, and the lease is surrounded by good producers.Those below us on Hell Creek are doing three hundred -barrelsper day.This is the class of property THE LANE OIL COMPANYowns and is going to drill wells on.A Small Amount of Stock At10cPER SHARETry to Get In!THE LANE OIL COYaluesCopyHihilSU ,Vm Koum ot Kujpahilsir7th and Maini,- . . . JW-Announcement(INCORPORATED)(Incorporated.)N- B. MOSS, PRESIDENTCare Hinton, Bradley & Bradleyin GfoodThat's What You Read About in OurAds That's What You Get WhenYou Come Here To BuyEvery customer that comes Jn our store lookifor value first and that is what he is shown. Wesearch the market for the beit values we can find,and they are bought from firms that stand back oftheir merchandise, so we can guarantee satisfactionto the customer.Hart Schaf ner & Marx andKirschbaum Clothesare clothes that we can stand back of for givinsatisfaction to the wearer. For styles they are thej IT ii f ew.T"uic "' woi wearing fabrics. You willthe colors and patterns.RememberValues First$15.00 to $45.00Have You Seen Our Straw Hats?Look in Our Window For the Latest!n,. kKlr andcr ood makers are supplying usthe. best hne of Straws and Panamas we ever had.rerjrwamea style is shown, including thecolored straws. Best values in town -. Panamas$4.00 to $7.00R P. WALSHOne-Price StoremmmmmtmtomwMitoHimjfiiftClothesmodel ' shown hereinlikenewStraws$1.00 to $5.00-t'Paris, Ky.--.&7t l "-S?1TUESDAY, MAY 27 1919.THE BOTOBOfl HEWS. PAWS, JUUmiCTTpage irmf OR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEFOR GRADUATION GIFTS.Nifty novelty goods for graduation. (tf) SHIRE & FITHIAN.ALL RIGHT.If it comes from Davis, it is rightm style, -right in quality and rightin price.(It) J. W. DAVIS & CO.oHIGH SCHOOL BOX PAETY.The members of the Junior Classt f the Paris High School gave a boxparty in the High School gymnasiumrecently, from which a neat sum wasrealized. The proceeds were donatedto the work of the Kentucky OrphanAssociation.oTO ADDRESS GRADUATESRev. Gilbert R.Combs, pastor ofthe Paris Methodist church, has accepted an invitation to deliver an address to the members of the graduating class of the preparatory department of Kentucky Wesleyan College,at Winchester, on Saturday evening,May 31, in the College Chapel.oTO ASK PARDON FOR ALEXANDER. BANK WRECKER.A special to The Danville Messenger, Saturday, read: "It is reportedthat Gov. Black will soon be asked topardon George Alexander, the Parisbank wrecker. Gov. Stanley repeatedly refused to pardon Alexanderand it is not known what action Gov.Black will take in the matter.FOR GRADUATES.The House of QualityGraduation Gifts.(tf) SHIRE & FITHIAN.forGIVE THE HOME A BEAUTIFULAPPEARANCE WITH PORCHFURNITURE.We have a very elaborate stockof Fiber Porch Furniture, includingchairs, settees, swings, couches,tables, etc., now on display. Don'tspend all the money on inside decorations, remember you will be on theporch a great deal during the summer months.(23-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.oCity licenses are now due andshould be paid promptly to CityTreasurer W. W. Mitchell. Penalties will soon attach to those failingto comply with this law.(27-5t)TO TAKE POSITION WITH GAS &ELECTRIC CO.Mr. Lyons Board, who has been recently released from army service, istemporarily an attache in the officeof the Paris Gas & Electric Co.,where he is being given an insightinto the intricacies of bookkeepingand office work. Mr. Board will takea permanent position June 1 in theoffice as bookkeeper. He is a youngman qf excellent habits and goodbusiness training, and will make agood man in the position.g, oBETTER HTORY.Better get your order for cherriesand strawberries. We can fill ordersNOW, but don't know how long wecan promise. Better hurry.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.oPOULTRY AND RABBIT FENCEJUST WHAT YOTJ NEED.We have a splendid stock of American poultry and rabbit fencet Letus sell you the best poultry fence inthe world; will turn stock; "price isright.(27-4t) LOWRY & MAY.oROAD' WORKING AGAIN.SOCIAL Aim PERSONAL.Coinings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mr. and Mrs. George Broderickare visiting relatives in Cincinnati.Mr. Jack Lail, of Lexington, isa guest of Mrs. Hattie Howard andfamily.Miss Betsy Ray has as guest ather home on-Higgins Avenue, MissBatrice Johnson, of Toronto, Canada.Judge George Batterton, W. C.Bell and R. H. Wills were recent visitors in Elliott county, on businessconnected with the oil interests.The Amuse Dancing Club isplanning a "Gingham Dance" to begiven in the near future at the Masonic Temple, in this city.Mr. and Mrs. Dave Reese andMr. and Mrs. Karl Foster, of Cynthiana, were visitors in Paris, Sunday, returning Sunday evening.Mr. Clifton Blackerby atcendedthe funeral of his step-mother, Mrs.Lydia Blackerby, who died in German town at the age of 'eighty-six.Mrs. Owen L. Davis and mother,Mrs. Belle Brent Alexander, have returned from a visit to Mr. J. UliHoward and family, in Covington.Mr. William Boardman, of Dayton, Ohio, is a guest of his mother,Mrs. Josie Boardman, and his brothers, Henry, Charles and BranchBoardman, near Paris.Mrs. Margaret Mitchell has returned to her home in this city, aftera visit to Mr. and Mrs. "RobertBlount, at their home on Columbiaavenue, in Lexington.Lieut. Leo H. Petree, of KansasCity, in the U. S. regular army, wasa guest recently of his aunt, Dr.Martha Petree, in Paris, while enroute to Union City, Pa., to visit iclatives. Mr. J. Neely Ranson, formerParisian, now traveling representative of a big New York concern, is aguest of Paris relatives. Mr. Ranson's headquarters are at Birmingham, Alabama.Mrs. Alma Liver, of Clintonville,accompanied by Mrs. T. A. Carl, ofPercy, Okla., and Mrs. Will Rash andtwo so-ns, of Clark county, wereguests fiom Saturday to Mondayevening of Mrs. Emma McDonald, inGeorgetown.Mrs. Louis Saloshin and daughter, Mrs. D. B. Joseph, .will motor toLexington to-day to meet Miss EssieSaloshin, who comes for a visit ofseveral days. Miss Saloshin is one ofthe nursing staff at Norton Infirmary, in Louisville.Mr. and Mrs. Frank Farmer havereturned from Rochester, Minn.,where Mrs. Farmer recently underwent a surgical operation at theMayo Bros.' Hospital. She will haveto return in three months to complete the treatment.Miss Marie Collins has returnedfrom Cleveland, O., where she attended the special Civilian ReliefConference of the Lake Division,American Red Cross. Miss Coilins isSupervisor for Bourbon county of theKentucky branch of the Red CrossSociety. i .Dr. E. S. Caywofcd, who recentlyreturned from France, where he wasa member of the Medical Corps of theSixth Division, is a guest of hisbrother, County Superintendent J. B.Caywood. Dr. Caywood was mustered out of the service at Camp Mills,New Jersey,The music class of Miss B. D,Giltner will give two recitals in theChapel of the City School. The first !will be given at half-past louro'clock Friday afternoon. May 30th.The second will he at eight o'clockFriday evening. Everybody is cordially invited,Mrs. Dan L. Moore, of Harrodsburg, sister of Mrs. Charlton Alexander, of Paris, has gone to, Washington, D. C, to be present at thegraduation of her daughter, MissMinnie Ball Moore, an attractive andpopular Paris visitor. Miss Moore isone of the honor members of the1919 class of the Colonial School inWashington.The members of Kentucky Epsilon Chapter of the Sigma Alpha Epsilon Fraternity of the University ofKentucky were hosts at a beautifuldance at Bueli Armory, from 9 until1 o'clock Saturday evening. Theaffair was very elaborate and quiteWork on the county roads of I . ., TT?f,r ic war1K1VCU CLl H1G Ullliv,ui.j v. j w.jof Paris; in the 'College of Mechanical Engineering, Charles LandenTemplin and James Stuart Wallingford, of Paris.Mr. Robert Clarke, of Detroit,Mich., is visiting his father, Mr. Wm.H. Clarke, in this city.Miss Genevieve Molloy, of Lexington, is the attractive guest of Mr.and Mrs. Swift Champ, at their homeon Pleasant street.Miss Ruth Orr has as houseguests at her home on Stoner avenueMiss Curtis Ogden, of Henderson, andMiss Pauline Atkinson,, of Owensboro. Miss Orr will give a dinnerparty this evening in honor of "herguests.The following announcementcards have been issued from Frankfort: Mr. and Mrs. Abram Addamsannounce the marriage of theirdaughterJane BuchanantoMr. Douglas K. Clayon Friday, the sixteenth of Mayone thousand nine hundred andnineteen.At HomeParis, Kentucky(Other Trsonal on Page 3.)oADVOCATING CELEBRATION FORTHE GLORIOUS FOURTH.It is said that a large number ofParis merchants are advocating theholding of a patriotic celebration inthis city on the "Glorious Fourth ofJuly" as a testimonial to the returned soldiers and sailors from Bourboncounty. It is probable that the matter will assume a definite shape in afew days. It is universally concededthat the patriotic 'celebration of theNation's great day would be a veryappropriate thing in honor of theboys who have returned from serviceoverseas and in the country's camps.Let's all take hold of it and pushthe matter to a successful conclusion. We have any number ofhustlers here who are peculiarlyadapted to that kind of enterprise,and, as Paris hasn't had a patrioticcelebration of any kind in a longwhile, it is earnestly hoped that wemay wake up and make this one ahummer. Let's do it, and do it right.BOURBON DRAFT BOARD TO RECEIVE THEIR DISCHARGEMessrs. Chas. A. McMillan, Chairman, and Pearce Paton and Dr. SilasEvans, members of the BourbonCounty Selective Draft Board, werenotified yesterday by the Governmentauthorities that they would receivetheir discharge from further duty assoon as the necessary papers could beforwarded and signed by GovernorBlackJudge McMillan succeeded formerSheriff W. F. Talbott as Chairman ofthe Draft Board, when the latter retired from office as Sheriff. He andMr. Paton donated their services to.the work free of charge. The Boardhas done excellent work, and washighly complimented by the authorities in charge of the selective draftboards. They worked early and late,and did everything in their power tokeep the work of the draft service upto the highest standard. For theirpatriotic services they deserve wellof their country.: aftIKKSPECIAL SALEFOR THIS WEEKC tIChildren's Dresses$2.50 Children's Dresses at $2-19$2.98 Children's Dresses at ' $2,48$3.50 Children's Dresses at $2.98$4.98 Children's Dresses at $4'48$5.98 Children's Dresses at $5.48HatsUp to $7.50 Values$3.98Latest Creations in Ladies' DressesFor This Week Only$2475Bourbon county, which has been suspended for some time, owing to unfavorable weather conditions, hasbeen resumed, It is expected thatwork on the Lexington-Paris turnpike will be pushed rapidly forwardto completion. The contractors aremaking renewed efforts to completethe work at as early a date as possible. Wet weather has been the principal drawback.oHAVE YOU T&EEB IT?Did you know you could savemoney by bringing the cash to ourstore and" taking your purchases withyou? Staple and fancy groceries ata little ess than others sell for.Apple juice cider and grape juice inbig and little bottles a delightfulsummer beverage.THE CASH & CARRY GROCERY,MUS. .GEO. ELLIS'., - .(It) "Opposite Court Housr 1 d' ' -GENTRY "BROS PAMOUS CIRCUSHERE JUNE 3. ,. .BEST PENCE IN THE WORLD:3IG STOCK AT LOWRY & MAY'SThe American is the best fence inthe world and sold at same price asinferior fences. We have a splendidstock of all sizes and styles,(27-4t) LOWRY & MAY.People who love horses, ponies anddogs, (and there are few of us whodo not) may be interested in thenews that this.year Gentry Brothersare carrying . with their famousshows a veteranarian, a highly specialized, surgeon and practioner, who jjipiciuib iu visitors interested in animals how Gentry Brothers carryover 200 ponies on the road and nev-animals m the interesting menagerieui tue circus.The veterinary surgeon invitesstockmen to visit him at the circusgrounds in Paris on Tuesday, June6. wsen. Gentry Brothers'Shows come to town.Paris was represented by Mr. andMrs. James Thompson, ThorntonConnell, Raymond . Connell, JohnClay, Albert Lavin and Albert Rice.Capt. and Mrs. Roger Williams,Jr., of Lexington, were among thepassengers who arrived at New York,last week, from overseas on the U.S. S. Sierra. Capt. Wililams was metat New York by his mother, Mrs.Roger Williams, and Mrs. ClarenceLebus, of Lexington, and Miss KateAlexander, of Paris. The bride, whois very young and beautiful, was, before her marriage, the Countess de laForest Divunne, and the news of hermarriage to Captain Williams hasbeen heard with great interest.The ladies who have been serving the penny lunch at the JuniorHigh School, in Lexington, all duringthe season, gave a charming littlesurprise party Friday afternoon inhonor of Mrs. Albert H. Morehead.formerly of Paris, who has been atthe. head of the penny luneh- department for .some time. ,A pretty teatable was' arranged, with flowersand other dainty appointments, andrefreshments were Served. Mrs.Morehead was presented by "the hostesses with a handsome leather shopping bag. - - - J V -The commencement exercises ofthe -University of -Kentucky will beheld in the Chapel, at the Universityin Lexington, on Wednesday, June18,. Miss Mildred Collins, of NorthMiddletown, is vice-president of thegraduating class. ' Among tne graauA WONDERFUL SELECTION.A wonderful stock from whichto select Graduation Gifts forgirls and boys.(tf) SHIRE & FITHIAN.oCOUNTY BOARD OP EDUCATIONAt a meeting of the BourbonCounty Board of Education, eld Saturday afternoon, in the office ofCounty Superintendent of Schools J.B. Caywood,- the salaries of teachersin Bourbon 'county schools were placed at from ?45 to ?70 per month,the smaller figures being for thoseteachers who have .had no previousexperience. It was decided to allow$1 per month to teachers who attend 'the State Normal Institute.City licenses are now due andshould be paid promptly to CityTreasurer W. W. Mitchell. Penalties will soon attach to those failingto comply with this law.(27-5t)HARRY SIMON224-22S West Main St., Lexington, Ky;'l Main Street, Paris, KyittM2& -eriave any ill for any length of time.This is true of the Gentrv horses andaogs, aiso to say nothing of the wild Jutes .are the following from fans anathe county: In the college, oi -arcsand Sciences, Miss Marie Collins, ofNorth. Middletown; John ThorntonColitis and Eli Baerlo Friedman, ofParis: in Home Economics, missFamous I Sarah Mildred Collins, -of NorthvMld-aievowu, ana iiss Kjiizu, Kiay ittuuu,STATE EEH CAB TO START OUTJUNE 1.The Game and Fish . Commission'scar will-start out June 1, in chargenf worritm. r. J. Meredith, and begindistribution of gameand food among jthe. streams of Kentucky.The car is ju'st out of the shopsat Louisville. , , e' -o-s, JS OTHEE BIG EISH. ,While' fishing in Stoner Creek Saturday afternoon, Thos. Tobin caughta big mouth, baps.whlch measuredtwenty-two inches' id length;,- ani tipped the -is'c'ales at eight poundsr1 1jouv 'wallpapei BS15ife:TFor Rent- Newly remodeled brick cottage onSixth street. Possession June 1st.(27-2t) - D. FELD.Don't putoff papering the house any longet. X -Wall paper beautifies the house and makes it ' ' y.' sanitary. " - s " :.Our new patterns vvill delight you. . You can., ' , ; a' "afford our prices.Found.On Seventh street, Thursdaynight, an old-style gold watch chain.rtmnnMn rornvAr RA-tnehv calling: atTHE NEWS ofllce and proving prop-,a nsni'nr fnr fhi iidvertise-.ime-nt. . 27tf,lr. z.: s is t- -vvt $:V ,:" i t i.?-'z -'.V I Irf ?: i -'- l . .fc'JCBE J. T. HIJVTON CO.EITHERPHONE 3(6. PARIS, KENTUCKYMotor Hearse Motor Invalid Coach-six and MAIN.-j-THE BOTJ&BOIff 1IEWS, PATtTS, KEUTUCJJLIsPAGE SIXTUESDAY, MAY 27, 1919. "?LIFT OFF CORNS!Doesn't hurt at all and costs onlya few centsITillMagic! Just drop a little Freezoneon that touchy corn, instantly iitstops aching, and then you lift cornoff, with the fingers. Truly! Nohumbug!Try Freezone! Your druggist sellsa tiny bottle for avfew cents, sufficient to rid your feet of every hardcorn, soft corn, or corn bteween thetoes, and calluses, without one particle of pain, soreness or irritation.Freezone is the discovery of a notedCincinnati genius. (adv)oKENTUCKY TAKES BIG JOB.'IN THE SERVICE OF THEIRCOUNTRY.Private William V. Montague, whohas just arrived from overseas, is aguest of his aunt, Mrs. P. H. Bramel,near Paris.Private Dee Ramey, formerly aresident of the Escondida vicinity,has arrived at Boston, Mass., after along service overseas. He will receive his honorable discharge atCamp Zachary Taylor, and willturn to Paris to 'reside.re-Private Chas. W. Harpe, of Paris,in a letter to his mother, Mrs. CalHarpe, states he expects to sail forAmerica some time this month. Hehas been in France for severalmonths, where he made a very commendable record on the battlefront.Private Harpe told his mother that"glory is all right, but a glimpse ofgood old America would be muchbetter."Lieut. Finnell Galloway, after along service overseas, has returned toParis, where he will spend a fifteendays furlough with his parents, Mr.and Mrs. Grant Galloway, on theFord's Mill pike, near Paris. At theexpiration of his furlough Lieut.i Galloway will return to Camp Zach-ziiy Aityiui, wiitjie ne wm uc muttered, out of the service. Lieut. Galloway received a warm welcome fromhis old friends and business associates.The Grand Lodge of Kentucky hasstarted out to raise $1,000,000 forthe purpose of building a hospital, aboys' dormitory and auditorium inLouisville. The Grand Master has appointed what is called the MillionDollar Committee and the drive hasstarted. The chances are that Kentucky Masons will raise this amount.There are more than 50,000 Masonsin Kentucky not so many more thanthere are in Oklahoma, It will be interesting to watch how Kentuckyprogresses in this project and its success will be an inspiration to othergrand jurisdictions.oFOR A SPRAINED ANKLE.As soon as possible after the injuryis received get a bottle of Chamberlain's Liniment and follow the plainprinted directions which accompanythe bottle.(may-adv)Wilmoth'sFreshHome! Baked Breads,Cakes, Pies, Etc.DailyFreshMeats,Roasts,Steaks,Chops, Fancy Goods.Famous .Coffees and TeasMiss Clennie Lusby, formerly ofParis, who has been stationed at U.S. General Hospital No. 7, at RolandPark, near Baltimore, has been transferred to U. S. General Hospital No.2, near Baltimore. These institutions are maintained by the U. S.Government for "reconstructing" soldiers who were blinded in battle,and who are being taught useful occupations to fit themselves for thefuture. This is one of the greatestworks the Government has undertaken for the salvation of the menwho served at the front and who losttheir sight in the stress of battle.Mechanicician Earl R. King, formerly of Paris, writes THE NEWSthe following letter from the Embarkation Camp at Bordeaux, France,where he has been stationed sometime. He gave his new address, butas that is almost as long as the letter, we refrain from taking up needed space. It would take six linotype lines to print it:WILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376Ve are Agents forthe FamousBordeaux Embarkation Camp,Camp Hospital No. 5,France.THE BOURBON NEWS:I have been receiving the paperquite regularly and am very thankful to you as well as the good mailservice we have in this Base SectionNo. 2. I saw a piece in the paperabout Owen Gibson, and as I am stationed here for some time, would appreciate it very much if you wouldsend me his address, so I can get intouch with him.We have had sailing orders twice,alwaj's they have either -not beensigned or dated and finally theyfound a good permanent "position"for twenty of our company in thedelousing mill at Bordeaux Embarkation Camp, where we have been stationed since Feb. 4th. There is notvery much work to do just now, butin the near future one half of a division is coming through here, andthen we will have to be on our toes.We have only been running about6,000 men a week, but have run asmany as 3,300 through in a singleday.Pople keep crying about not getting the boys home. This is not thefault of the army by any means, because there are 12,000 men in thiscamp now, ready for embarkation,including several organizations ofengineers.We have a large theatre here ofa single floor, under the supervisionof the Y. M. C. A., with a seatingcapacity of 6,000 men. We get allthe amateur army plays in the A. E.F.. such as "Let's Go." "A Buck OnLeave," and all such plays, whichyou have doubtless heard more ofthan I have. The Y. M. C. A.'s aregoing to begin running wet canteens instead of the dry ones in thefuture, the Q. M. having taken overall the dry canteens. ' It is raininghere as usual, and I have gotten somuch in the habit of wearing myrain coat, will soon be sleeping in it.We are located here permanetlyuntil the 'mill is closed and consequently have things a little bit morecomfortable than the boys in thearmy, who are on their way home.We eat hospital rations, sleep intents and have mattresses and steelspring cots, such as the camps in theU. S. are equipped with. But forthat much we have not had any firefor some time and all my blanketssaturated with water.You may think there is a greatdeal of sickness over here in thisdamp climate, but about as bad asone ever gets is a slight cold thatnever gets any worse or any better.We have quite a mathematical job,that of separating the boys fromtheir pets (cooties) and we have acquired quite a collection.There is not very much news now,especially among the "pill rollers"(medical corps) because we rarelyever go farther than the first wisejoint, which is just past the camplimits, and having a Special DutyPass in my possession, can pass inor out past the guard at any hour,day or night.I guess the boys will soon be coming home from every direction, because from the number that arepassing through here there must bea few Bourbon boys among some ofthe thousands.I forgot to say that Horace Layton, from Newtown, a well-knownperson among the dancing circles, isin the same tent with me, and whenever I get lonesome or blue, I justget up an argument with him.Yours,EARL R. IvING.ft DRESiFStop in and f et aFREE BOOKLETabout the styles.TWINBROSr v v . n a s,ktDiMrtmtnt Stere7th afM?MaW: " Paris, Ky.3$ur ton'sI Confectionery store!Successor to Adami & Santi.AGENT FOR M. IBOLDMANUEL, COUNSELOR,AND SONADA CIGARSAdami's Famous Recipe for5;! making delicious Ice Cream,itn Soda Water and MixedDrinks still used.Bulk Ice Cream(Made from Pure Cream)delivered for home use.Fancy Ices for PartiesHIGH CLASS BOXCANDIES.For the BEST, $ Us.FRANK BURTONill!Ki;::;Mr. Walter Thomas, of North Middletown, received the following letterfrom his nephew, Marion Thomas,who was a member of the BarrowBase Hospital Unit No. 40. Mr.Thomas is now doing hospital dutyin Prance. The letter follows:Camp Hospital No. 53,Section No. 6,Dear Uncle Walter:Thought I would drop you a fewwords this morning while I amwaiting for some work to do. Howis everything with you by now? Iguess most of the boys are back homeby now and North Middletown seemsthe same.Well, I got away from Englandafter all. But I didn't have such abad time there. "I really had a verygood time. Most of the peoplearound where we were treated ustopping. And you also know therewere plenty of girls there, too. Andthey seemed to like the Americansoldier right well.Twenty-seven of us "Unit Forty"boys left Southampton on the goodship "Nirva-na" at 8 p. m., on March1. We arrived at Le Havre, France,about 11:00 a. m. Sunday, (nextday.) Then we left Le Havre about1:30 Sunday afternoon and reachedParis at nine o'clock Sunday night.There they gave us all passes reading from nine o'clock Sunday nighttill 1:30 Monday afternoon. So wegot a chance to see a little of Paris.We left Paris at 2:30 Monday afternoon and arrived here at Marseilles at 11:00 o'clock Tuesdaymorning. We rested till next morning. Then they called us up andgave us our jobs. They gave meguard duty. I remained on guardtill last Wednesday, when they called me up and put me to work inthe sick and wounded office. So thisis what I am doing now. However,I hope the time will soon come whenI can leave off this work and startfor home. I haven't any idea whenthat time will come, but I am hopingit will come real soon. They haven'tbut about three hundred patientshere in this hospital. So I hope theywill soon evacuate and start forhome.Well I hope the fiu is better thereby now. It must have been prettybad over in the States, 'i haven'theard of it much here in France,but there was a lot of it in England.The typhoid fever is pretty bad here.But I hope to see it get better heresoon. There is always somethingthe matter everywhere you go, so ifyou think you are getting out of adisease one place, when you go toanother place they have su differentdisease, I guess it is just as well tostay one place.Has Leavitt Roberts come homeyet? I haven't heard of him for solong he must be dead. I don't guessJoe Jones has gotten home, either, ashe is also in a good branch of theservice to stay a while.Well I guess I had better closethis little missive, but will write youanother one soon. Tell everybody"hello" for me. Tell grandfather Iam writing to him to-day. Takecare of yourself, and don't get married. I am,Your nephew,MARION C. THOMAS,Comp Hospital No. 53, Base SectionNo. 6, A. P. O., 752, Marseilles,France.m1Lav BBYtftaaaaBassBamBSrBr.SSB fL KMx m BBBBBBBatesaaaaaaav aaaaV Bj&-bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbV isBBBBBBar sassamv sbbbbbbbt 'sLv saaaaaaaaat bbbbbbbbbbV LaV aaaaaaV .LaaaaaaaatP BSSBW B VM fl"B SBSSasssaraaaamrBSSSSfl SSk SSSSSSr - BBBSSSSr -? BSSSSSv 1saaaV H aaaaa -.BBaaaw n BsaV sal aaaaasaWaaaari r o-j;vSSSSS Bm SSSBSSBSVSSSSSSflSSw SSSBaBSSSr81SBTHEFRIENDLYTOBACCOHorse Sense About Tobaccosi..Good tobacco ought to be like a wellbred hoss all th' kick taken out butall th' sperit left in.You see, half the secret of makin5 a good hoss isin the-breedin' an' half in the breakin'. Slectin'tobacco that's grown right is only half of makin'Velvet. The agein' is the other half.Thar's only one kind of agein' that gets th' rightresults Nature's own. Nature's no clockwatcher. She does a job right whether it takestwo years or two thousand.So when she gets through with the fine KentuckyBurley that we put away in wooden hogsheadsfor two years, it's just right.ain't been hurried none,short - cutted. It's aNature-done job.All kinds of things arepacked in tobacco tins, butyour good neighbor will tellyou "Velvet is the real pipetobacco." Prove it for yourself.V5 H 1f il 1 1 ssEfiSStek. or! lie Kfili Wm&lEmgM. rifi I! I'M- w&-- nfBi --'' vARi . m m .iHln Wmmi wh ItlltRoll a VELVET CigaretteCIVILIAN RELIEF COMMITTEE.Paris Is included in the list of cities which have been invited to send arepresentative to a special CivilianRelief conference to be held at Cleveland on May 23 and 24, by the staffof the American Red Cross, Lake Division, Department of Civilian Relief. Present day problems of Home Service and its future possibilities outlined in the new Red Cross peaceprogram will be discussed by theLake Division headquarters officialsand representatives from Red Crosschapters in Ohio, Indiana and Kentucky. Public Health heads from the threeStates and prominent social workerswill discuss public health work andthe problens of organization to bemet in cities and rural districts byAmerican Red Cross chapters.i MBBsHESsBflBHBHBflEpBBSiSfllBHCAUSE OF HEADACHEBy knowing the cause, a diseasemay often be avoided. This is particularly true of headache. Themost common cause of headache is adisordered stomach or constipation,which may be corrected by taking afew doses of Chamberlain's Tablets.Try it. Many others have obtainedpermanent relief by taking thesetablets. They are easy to take andmild and gentle in effect.(may-adv)oSTOCK, CROP, ETC.:nCaywood & McClintock shippedthree carloads of hogs to the Cincinnati market One car was filled atMillersb'urg and the othervtwo wereshipped: from the Paris pens.Mr. Henry S. Caywood, of NorthMiddletown, purchased of Thomas S.wrenn, or Montgomery countv. ahnlf-iTitorAaf iri or-firalimoy'-nlril re1rling by Bourbon Chief. Mr. Caywood t A , .L,K "F?- TCFwill have the gelding trained for the ' - .- '- - -J& . . if', rrshow ring. , 'r 'AQENfT. v' ' t-fFrequent Freight ServiceBY TRACTIONKy .'Traction & Terminal Co.Aetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFireTheftCollisionProperty Damage;liabilityAnd OtherCasualtiesHere's the hiV work littlet w- , Mw ,cost tractor the Titan 'THE Titan 10-20 has been on the market foryears, and has made good without reservation..10 horsepower at the draw bar 20 horsepowerat the belt. ' ,A well-balanced tractor that is suited to aU farm ipower work. It drives easily, affords moTimnm najLI ing power for iti weight, and is suited in every way to-xnc general run ot.iann work. .Not too large for themall farm, yet large enoueh to handle a mt vdum1 of work. h lI ! if tArifVfe ttVfe niitmn Dl.- "-r We recommend that you use an Oliver rAam wltfayour Titan tractor because k means the best jAowincunder afl conditions. The combined roffint; coukerana jointer Danes all trash and weeds at the bottomof, the furrow; the stop device maintains an even depthof : furrow; 1 plow points enter and leave the groundI ,fctt,niakmgkpossfltbplowaeartotheendsofthefield; and the trip rope control operates easily from, the driver's seat on the tractor.) We have a full line of Oliver plows as wefl as theTttan tractor hse at oar bssssvoojbwC. S. BALL GARAGEBl310&bi4l" TUESDAY, aiAY 27, 1919.THE BOTJRBOff NEWS. PAWS, KEJITUCE.IKENTUCKY COMMUNITY CONEEBENCES.That Kentucky people are tremendously interested in civic community work is being forcefully demonstrated during the series of conferences now being held in every sectionof the State under the direction ofthe State Y. M. C. A.The purpose of these conferencesis not" so much to promote the distinctive work of the Y. M. C. A., asit is to bring about a cordial workingunion of all community agencies forcivic betterment. The plan is a partof a nation-wide work of the National War Council of the Y. M. C. A.In its efforts on behalf of the returned soldier, sailor and marine.Fifty-eight-such, conferences navebeen held within recent weeks, fortythree for white people and fifteen forcolored. The total attendance hasbeen more tha-n 42,000. The conferences will continue until the middie of June.At Mount Vernon, in Rockcastlecounty, with a population of 1,200,there was a total attendance of 950.The pastors at Shelbyville agreed totake turn in attending all highdances in their county. Severalcounties have had fine demonstrations, the soldiers parading aroundthe court house square. Benton hada basket dinner for all soldiers anddelegates in the court house yardand 250 were present each day ofthe conference. At Manchester delegates came riding horses and mules,many as far as 15 and 20 miles.Morgantown's ' stores closed and thestreets were decorated. One soldierrode 12 hours to get to tlie soldiers'dinner. The court house would -nothold the crowd. In one district theselling of moonshine has been cut tothe minimum as the result of a con-At Harlan a movement was startedfor a new court house. At a coloredconference at Danville four soldiersdrove twelve miles, and one eveningof the conference was given over toa program by returned colored soldiers from overseas and home training camps. Taylorville citizens havealready bought a lot for a community play ground.Among the plans adopted by various conferences were the following:KEEP LOWE YOUNGIt's Easy If You Know Dr.Edwards Olive TabletsThe secret of keeping young is to feelyoung to do this you must watch yourliver and bowels there's no need ofhaving a sallow complexion dark ringsunder your eyes pimples a biliouslook in your face dull eyes with nosparkle. Your doctor will tell you ninetyper cent of all sickness comes from inactive bowels and liver.Dr. Edwards, a well-known physicianin Ohio,, perfected a vegetable compound mixed with olive oil to act onthe liver and bowels, which he gave tohis patients for years.Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets, the substitute for calomel, are gentle in their actionjet always effective. They bring aboutthat exuberance of spirit, that naturalbuoyancy which should be enjoyed byeveryone, by toning up the liver and clearing the system of impurities.You will know Dr. Edwards Olive Tablets by their olive color. 10c and 25c petbox. All druggists.Margolen'sSanitary Meat MarrketHOMEKILLEDMEATSVeal BeefPork LambIt's the BestTo Be HadMftRGOLEN'SiDr.Wm. Riley FranklinSanitary Meat MarketLIBERTY BONDSSafest Investment On EarthWe buy and sell all issues in large or small denominations. Telephone .your orders at our expense.James C. Willson & Co.INVESTMENT SECURITIESAt 2 10 S. Fifth St. LOUISVILLE, KY.Performiner Elephants, Cftnrty BroMemorial buildings to soldiers, better schools with more teachers, buying homes and farms, good healthdrives, back to school, thrift, backto Sunday school and "hold the homeboys at home" drives, recreation programs every Saturday afternoon forthe whole community, clean-up campaigns, organization of farmers to secure county agricultural agents,churches to lead in amusements foryoung people, good roads, comfortstations with sanitary toilets, betterfeeling between' employers and employees, community center buildings,mass play and community singing,call for Y men at county teachers' institutes to instruct in mass play andcommunity singing, big celebrationson July 4th, community employmentagency, better supervision of pictureshows, dances and pool rooms, betterunderstanding between landlord andtenant, community lecture and Chau, tauq.ua bureau, etc.PLENTY OP MONEY IN KENTTTCKYBANKS. Total resources of the 445 Statebanks and trust companies April 19,1919, the date of the last call forcondition of State banks, were $221,041,872.51, and total deposits $178,593,737.61. The total resources of the Statebanks as of April, 1918, were $186,100,459.28, and the total deposits$146,070,127.78. The increase in resources for the year was $34,941,4 31.23 and the increase in deposits$32,523,609.83.When the State banking department was created in 1912 total resources of banks were $110,096,102,83 and total deposits $73,040,497.04.The last report of State banks1 showsthat the resources and deposits havemore than doubled during the sevenyears the banking department hasbeen in. existence.BUY HEIFERS' AGAIN.1Again this year Holstein heifersare being bought by the boys andgirls in club work in Webstercounty. Two carloads have justcome in from Wisconsin, where theywere bought by the county agent ofWebster. A late report states thatthe children were delighted withtheir animals, but were being sorelytempted to sell by offers of moremoney than they paid for the stock.INTERUEBAN SCHEDULECARS LEAVELexington For Paris ForParis ) LexingtonA. M. 6.00x A. M. 6:45A. M. 7:20 A. M. 7:15xA. M. 8:50 .A. M. 8:15A. M. 10:20 A. M. - 9:45A. M. 11.50 A. M. J.l:15P. M. 1:20 ' P. M. 12:45P. M. 2:50 P. M. 2:15P. M. 4:20 " P. M. 3:45P. M. 6:00 P. M. 5:15P. M. 7:20 P. M. 6:50P. M. 9:10 P. M. 8:15P. M. 11:00 P. M. 10:05(x) Daily except Sunday.KENTUCKY TEACTION AND TERMINAL COMPANYAnything In Your Eye?Many people who come to us forexamination imagine there is someforeign substance in their eyes.It is hard to convince them, sometimes, that these gritty, sandy,scratching, irritating conditions aresymptoms and effects due to refractory errors which usually can be corrected by the wearing of properly fitted glasses. Let us take the "grit"out of your eyes.j Suite 205-6 First National Bak,Both Phones, Paris, Ky.IfL ,-s.' Shows, Paris, Tuesday, June 3.LIKENS SELF10Took Medicine As Victim Grabs AtStraw, Crowell Says RewardedIn TrutonaPADUCAH, KY. May 26. "Jikt asa drowning man grabs at everystraw, so have I been trying everynew medicine I heard of in an effortto get relief from long standingtroubles; and the search has not beenin vain, for I have found simply marvelous relief through Trutona," J. S.Crowell, prominent Paducah. businessman, residing at 312 Jackson street,who, for the past twelve years hasbeen connected with the GardnerFurniture Co., Paducah's largest furniture dealers."I'd had liver trouble for a longtime," he continued," and last MarchI suffered an infection that left mein terrible condition. I had a badcough, constipation bothered me almost constantly and I usually felttired and worn out. I frequently became dizzy."Trutona has made me feel like aman made all over again, however.My bowels act with clock-like regularity now, the dizzy spells haveceased to occur and the terriblecough is 100 per cent, improved.Trutona has restored my old time'pep.' I walked twenty-two blockslast evening and didn't feel a bittired afterwards: - Before it fatiguedme to walk to the store. I can't saytoo much in favor of Trutona. Ithelped me where other medicines hadfailed."Trutona is now being introducedand explained in Paris at Varden &Son's. (adv)CHAIRMEN APPOINTED TOR BOYSCOUT DRIVE.Senator Thomas A. Combs, StateDirector of the Boy Scout movementfor the 59 counties of Kentucky inthe Fourth Federal Reserve District,has announced the names of the menwho have accepted appointments tobe County Chairmen for the drive forassociate members of the NationalCouncil, Boy Scouts of America, during the week, June 8-14.They are: Breathitt, A. H. Hargis,Jackson; Fayette, Sam B. Walton,Lexington; Clark, George Hon, Winchester; Floyd, B. F. Combs, Prestonsburg; Clay, D. L. Walker, Manchester; Greenup; Harlan, WilliamDuffield, Harlan; Harrison, J. D.Armstead, Cynthiana; Johnson,Claude Buckingham, Painstville;Jessamine, Brown Y. Willis, Nicliolasville; Knox, J. T. Stamper, Barbourville; Laurel, Don C. Edwards,London; Magoffin, E. L. Stevens,Salyersville; Martin, R. L. Stevens,Inez; Rockcastle, W. L. Richards,Mt. Vernon; Woodford, Charles M.Harris, Versailles; Wolfe, J. T. McGarvey, Hazel Green.ABOUT RHEUMATISMRheumatism causes more pain andsuffering than any other disease, forthe reason that it is the most common of all ills, and it is certainlygratifying to sufferers to know thatthere is a remedy that will afford relief, and make rest and sleep possible. It is called Chamberlain's Liniment. (may-adv)o-AxcoHonc millennium(Life)Prohibition may H be all very, well,but there Is a simpler and more effective way.Increase the price of drink untilnone but the rich can afford it. Thiswill deprive the poor man of hisbooze.Unjust discrimination? Not at all.Drink, we are-told, is the cause ofall poverty. Therefore take awaythe poor man's drink and he will bepoor no longer. He will become rich.When he is rich he can afford tostart drinking.On the other hand, the rich mancan drink-all he wants to. But drinkwill minium. He will become poor,and have to quit drinking.So it is fair to all.. The poor growrich, drink, are made poor; stopdrinking one more, become rich oncemore; drink once more and growpoor once more you see how it goes.No officers are needed to enforcethe laws, and the profits of the liquortraffic will pay all our taxes.What chance has prohibitionagainst this plan if properly presented?DROWNMSOLDIERS UHGED TO CONTINUE" GOVEBMENT INSURANCEThe Government is now conductingan active campaign to urge and influence the men who have been in theservice to continue their Governmentinsurance and for this purpose havestationed men in all the larger citiesto give information and advice to themen. Ensign McNeff, U. S. N. R. F.,is representing the War Risk Insureance Bureau in Kentucky, with headquarters at the Navy Recruiting Station, Louisville, Ky.The Government is doing a wonderful work in offering this insurance to its fighting men and it isfrom no selfish motives. It is offering it to the men in part paymentfor their services which were rendered during the war and the menshould realize that it is a valuableright and privilege which oncethrown away cam never be regained.During the war the men weregiven what is called Term Insurance,which they may carry for a period offive years after peace is declared withthe privilege of converting, withinthat time, into six standard forms ofpolicies, viz: Ordinary Life, 20 YearPayment Life, 30 Year Payment Life,20 Year Endowment, 30 Year Endowment and. Endowment maturingat ages of 62. The rates on thesenew policies are the cheapest thathave ever been offered, for the reasonthat there is no expense attached toit, all expenses being paid out of aseparate fund and in addition to being low, the Government will paydividends, which no doubt will besubstantial, for the same reason. Allof the clauses of these policies arethe most liberal that can be made andfor which no extra charge is made.One feature in particular is the disability clause, which protects themen for the entire life of the policy,which in the case of an OrdinaryLife or 20 or 30 year payment life,would be for the whole of life. Thedisability may occur at any age andif permanent the Government willwaive premiums and pay the policyholder $5.75 for each thousand ofinsurance carried.The Government during the warhad on its books some 4,500,000 menwith a policy value of $38,000,000,000, averaging $ 8,0 00 for each man.It is the hope that most of these menwill retain and it is a patriotic dutyfor all to see that our former fightingmen continue this insurance.WINCltESTER MAY BUILD WATER MAINS TO MVER.Unless a satisfactory agreement isreached on a contract with the Winchester Waterworks Company beforethe next meeting of the City Council,June 6, a stock company will heformed and the city, with bonds previously voted, will lay water mains tothe Kentucky River, members of thecouncil said at the regular meetingFriday night.The joint committee from theCouncil and the Commercial Club,which was appointed to confer withthe company regarding the proposedcontract to furnish water to the city,reported that it could not recommendthe acceptance of the contract offered bv the company, but that negotiations still under way might resultrsatisfactorily.oThere is more Catarrh in this section of the country than all otherdiseases put together, and for yearsit was supposed to be incurable. Doctors prescribed local remedies, andby constantly failing to cure withlocal treatment, pornounced it incurable. Catarrh is a local disease,greatly influenced by constitutionalconditions and therefore requiresconstitutional treatment. Hall's Catarrh Medicine, manufactured by P.J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio, is aconstitutional remedy, is taken internally and acts through the bloodon the mucous surfaces of the system. One Hundred Dollars reward isoffered for any case that Hall's Catarrh Medicine fail to cure. Send forcirculars and testimonials.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by Druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for constipation. a(may-adv)o-In some of the villages in Siberiavery few of the inhabitants can reador write.BRIGHTEICYJ$mW3rNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.TlseGlee trie ityTor EigbtfnaIt's the only satisfactory way.use SetsTorReating and CookingIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix You UpFor the Use of BothElectricity and Gas.Paris Gas & Electric Co,' (Incoroorated) "pi IcijlfFORTY YEAslS-A DRUGGISTHe EndorsesPERUNARead this from Mrl L. A. Richardsonof Marine, Illinois:"I have been engaged in the retail drug: bn wine here for the past forty years. During thistime I have seen many patent medicines comeinto use. .flourish for one or two years and thengradually disappear. There are very few ofthese remedies that possess enough real merit to insure them longlife. Pernna has always been a good 8exier with hs, vrith a narkedIncrease from yea to year. The change in the formula some yearsago, by the addition of the slightly laxative properties, has made Ita reliable remedy for constipation and for colds. If taken hourly Intablespoonful doses by adults it trill break up the worst col la twor three days time. I take pleasure in urging my brother druggiststo recommend it for these two ailments."Sold Everywhere liquid or Tablet Form Ask Your DealerPARISpjrwwFfs-iJaSKm ' igTTaT 'J-w:-r.ilfi,VwnmA'miSmTlIimBBmmA MAN AND HIS WIFELEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40W.FUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquiprtientBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.The Home Telephone Your Servant. For Only a Few Cents Per Day r lLet us analyze his qualifications: He is polite, intelligent, willing -alwayson duty, day or night.He will instantly present to you the grocer, butcher, baker or any of - -thetrades-folks, or the doctor, fire department or police la fntr;f rr, - v' He will go far beyond the confines of the town and bring to you inamazingly short time a member of the" family or one of your ood nroa-pective customers. ? -He will summons the railroad, boat or theatre ticket in a few seelonds. , -And as to wages, he will only cost you in residence from 6 to 8c perday; in place of business from 10 to 12c per day.Paris Home Telephone Telegrahh, Company(Incorp orated) ' ,VJ. J. Veatch, District Manager. w. H. Cannon, local Manager. VThe News Job Department is Always Busy."There's a Reason." Work Done RightJHMUMfflMUKfllfihipTUESDAY rgJUNE . . . OJIMry-t.ifi'Mt-M mv T-w bwjmMT3H i Mr r MaaBmay both derive saiisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you!A phone brings U3.Home Phone 1 69 ki1DAVISI-W -THE BOURBON HEWS, PABjS, KEHTUCK?TUESDAY, MAY 27, im.MOT EIGHT33&THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMOADMISSIONAdults . . . . . Ticket 1 Sc; War Tax 2c-20cChildren and Gallery.. Ticket 9c; War Tax 1c 10cTO-DAY, TUESDAYTHURSDAY, MAY 29th.Ladies' DayfeNID BENNETTINh"Happy, Though Married"t ' Is your marriage a success or failure? Lots of ,couples who' are trying to kid the world they are happy will be deeply interested in the Droblems that will come up in this picture. Andhhow Enid Bennett handles them! Her husband is just like yours,newspaper and all And you can ao wnat unia aoesiWilliam Duncan,ntheIKsodeof"The Man of Might"and Pathe Comedy.InTO-MORROW, WEDNESDAYJohn BarrymoreIN ."Here Comes The Bride"Marry a South American heiress for $100,0001 He'd marrya South American Armadillo for that much! But he .regrettedit, and his regret will give you many a laugh.Also Bis V Comedy"Girlies and Grubbers"and Paramount Pictograph.Norma TalmadgeIN"The Probation Wife"A woman's love is deeper than the ocean, and she nevershares it except but see the story, "The Probation Wife," andlearn when.Arbuckle Comedy, "Fatty the Aviator"Also International NewsNoteTwo ladies will be admitted forone ticket, plus two cents war tax,on Thursday of each week.DEATHS.v,BRRINGZR.-7-7-A letter from. Mr. Frank R. Er-ringer, former of Paris, to a member of THE NEWS staff, told of the! death, in. Winnetka, a suburb of Chiijao, of Mrs. May Erringier, wife ofhUi brother, Mr. Clarence Erringer.I Mrs. Erringer had been visitingJ "her sister at Winnetka, and was1 taken, ill with pneumonia, her death'Tertulting in less than three days.Mrs. Erringer frequently visitediihere, and was very hig-lily esteemed'for h.er qualities of heart and mind;y tihose who knew her. Besides herJxusband, who is now a resident of'Ijnne&polis, Minn., she is survivedby two sons, Theodore Erringer, Jr.,'and Orviile Erringer, residing inMinneapolis, Minn," iTh.e sympathy of Mr. Erringer's.Dxajiy old friends and schoolmates'hwfe goes out to him. in 'his sad be-.re'avement.i MARTIN".Mr. James H. Martin, agedM& ty-tihree, a retired farmer of thisicoifuty, died at -his home on the RedimQ pike near Paris, Saturday night,aljdut seven o'clock, of the infirmities.Qfx&gTe. Mr. Martin was a native ofIH&rrison county, but for the past;t?i8nty years: had lived in Bourboncounfcr, where he had been engagedtin fsjrming. '; . Mr. Martin is survived by " bisiwidow; two so-ns, Wyatt and ArthurMartin, and one daughter, Mrs. Wm.Fuller, all of Cyntliiana; two grandchildren, James Martin, of Lexington, and Frank Martin, now with the.American Army of Occupation, atGoblenz, Germany; three sisters, Mrs.James Craigmyle, Mrs. John Martin,and Mrs. Michael Rankin, all of Harrison county.The funeral was held at his lateresidence, on the Redmon pike at teno'clock yesterday morning, with services conducted by Rev. S. H. Burgess. The burial followed in BattleGrove Cemetery, at Cynthiana. Thepall-bearers were Leslie Wheeler,Charlie Martin, Sol Redmon, Benj.Taylor, Clarence Martin and FrazierCurie.FOWLER.Mr. Aaron J. Fowler, agedeighty-eight, died at the home of hisdaughter, Mrs. Oma Gorham, nearClintonville, from the infirmities ofage. Besides his daughter, Mrs.Gorham, he is survived by two sons,Ben and Steve Fowler, of near Clintonville, and three grandchildren.The funeral will be held at '2:30o'clock this (Tuesday) afternoon,with services conducted at the gravein the Clintonville Cemetery, by Rev.P. S. Rhodes, assisted by Rev. Newton Shropshire.The pall-bearers will be: GeorgeK. Jones, George W. Dawson, JamesLiter, A. L. Stephenson, J. M. McVeyand Letcher Weathers.ALLEN.Paris people, especially thosewho served with him in the army service, heard with deepest regret ofthe death of Col. J. Embry Allen,which occurred test wreek at hishome in Lexington, after an illnessof seven weeks. He was well-knownin legal circles in this city, and wasaccounted a brilliant lawyer and adeep thinker.Col. Allen was Major of the Second Batallion of Second KentuckyVolunteers in the Spanish-Americanwar. He was one of the most popular officers in the regiment. Just before their removal from Camp Geo.Thomas, the members of this batallion presented him with a handsomesword as a token of their honor andesteem. He was every inch a soldierand a most capable officer. It wasmuch regretted that his disabilitiesprevented him from going to thefront in the world war. Two of hisfellow-officers, Capt. Chas. D. Winnand Second Lieutenant Neville Fisher, both, of Paris in Co. I, SecondKentucky, recruited largely fromBourbon county, have been promotedfor distinguished services, to therank of Major."Funeral services for Col. Allen'were held Saturday afternoon at thehome of his brother-in-law, WilliamH. Hart, in Lexington, conducted byRev. J. W. Porter, pastor of the FirstBaptist church, of Lexington. Several members of Co. I., of the old Second Kentucky, from this city, attended the funeral and burial.City licenses are now due andshould he paid promptly to CityTreasurer W. W. Mitchell Penalties will soon attach to those failingto comply with this law.(27-5t)CENTRE COLLEGE CENTENNIALJUNE 7TH TO 11TH.The Centennial of Centre Collegeof Danville, will be celebrated fromJune 7 to 11, when many alumni areexpected to return. Saturday, June7, will be observed as home-comingday; Sunday baccalaureate ,,day;Monday, class day; Tuesday, alumniday; Wednesday, commencemen.t day.The college was founded in iiy.aSHEGreater KentuckyPetroleum Co.Incorporated'.t.k"sCapital Stock . . . $1,000,000Far Halve. .". !-1-'"II :,-L'O" ,,,,'AX '...f,&LUE GRASS OIL EXCHANGEIncorporatedSelling Agentsifl8 MainlStreet Paris, Kentucky.MATRIMONIAL.HODGES CHISHOLM.Mr. Thurman Chisholm, agedtwenty-three, of Lexington, and MissFrances Hodges, aged twenty-five, ofLouisville, were granted a marriagelicense Saturday, by County ClerkPearce Paton. They were marriedshortly after by County Judge Geo.Batterton, in his private office in ihecourt house. The groom is an employ of tlie Bromwell B. & W. GoodsCo. of Lexington. The bride is anattractive young woman. They returned to. Lexington to make theirfuture home.TRUMBO DUNN.Mr. David Wilson Dunn, ofWinchester, and Miss Ruth ElyTrumbo, daughter of Mrs. MargaretTrumbo, of Frankfort, were married in this city at six o'clock Saturday evening at the residence of theofficiating minister. Rev. W. E. Ellis,pastor of the Paris Christian church.The bride was formerly connectedwith the circulation department ofthe Lexington Daily Leader. Mr. andMrs. Dunn will be at home to theirfriends this week in Lexington, joining the household of Mrs. L. W.Jones, of South Upper street.oCity licenses are now due andshould be paid promptly to CityTreasurer W. W. Mitchell. Penalties will soon attach to those failingto comnly with this law.C27-5t)RELIGIOUS.Rev. B. B. Bailey, of Maysville,will begin a serjes of revival meetings at the Paris Baptist church, inthis city, on Monday night, June 2.Rev. R. C. Goldsmith, pastor of thechurch, who has bden taking a vacation at Cumberland Falls, will returnon Sunday, June 1, and will assistRev. Mr. Bailey in conducting themeetings. A special feature will bethe music, which will be furnishedby a choir of picked voices. zThe Central Methodist, in a recent report of the Jackson DistrictConference, which was held at Hazard, May 13-15, had the following tosay of Mr. Dennis V. Snapp, of Paris:"Our own 'Snapp' was with us,that model Christian young man,giving his talks as the instructor tohis school, answering all Questionswithout excitement, and showing hebelieves in the statements he makesto others as equally binding on himself. While here he organized anEpworth League Chapter in the Hazard Methodist church."WEST INDIES GET STOCK .A very mixed carload of live stockwas recently shipped from Lexingtonto the West Indies. This shipmentwas bought by Dr. Shannon, who. isthe manager of one of the huge caneplantations on the island of Trinadad. The animals were boughtthrough the Live Stock Exchange ofthe College of Agriculture. This carload was made up of grade Percheronbroodmares, a. Percheron stallion,some Hampshire swine, three Southdown sheep, a bunch, of pedigreedBelgian hares a few bronze turkeys,a saddle mare and hei three colts.oAn inch, of rain descending on anacre of land would fill more than 600barrels of forty-five gallons each.Blue Grass Oil ExchangeSn co rpo ratedKentucky Oil Securities Bought, Soldand Traded.Let us have your buying and selling orders. Open CallSession and Auction every Saturday at 8:00 p. m.418 MAIN STREETCumb. Phone 313 , Paris, KentuckyPAJST C O PI E 3ST 7 SNow is the Time to Buy Yourmmmw meEnormous stocks ofSutamer Footwear,consisting of the verylatest styles in allassortments of desirable models; our unequaled system of - merchadising enabling us to sell at less than wholesale cost makes this storeThe Shoe Center For EconomyShop here this week; be correctly shod for summer and you will appreciate the bg savings.MtftfVmaMMNHfVffMiMerswwnBMNEflMMasxaivBteLADIES' PUMPS AND OXFORDSIn Patent and Brown KidWALK-OVERS'At SpecialLow Prices"2!&&&Ladies' Patent Kid PumpsatLadies' Dark Tan English OxfordsChildren's Black Kid M. J.Pumps$3.49$4.50-$3,49$1.24Men's Tan English Oxfords,Walk-Overs, "at..Men's Gun Metal EnglishOxfords, Walk-Over$5.00$3.50Misses' and Children's Shoes and Slippers at Extremly Low Prices!DAN COHENWhere Beauty and Economy ReignParis' Greatest Shoe Store:JJir- Vt - Ki r