K - -- J&-'STHENEWSxPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND ERUHY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, AUGUST 15 1919-r ..tIw -. -BOURBON;EE3)ERAT agents giving foodPROFITEEKS "H L!"Eighty-four thousand dozen eggsstored with the Atlantic Ice & CoalCorporation at' Chattanooga, Tenn.,lor -the account of Morris & Company,Chicago were seized "Wednesday hythe United States District Attorney.Seizure was made under libel proceedings in the Federal Court, whichcharged that the eggs were unlawfulJv stored for the purpose of unreasonably increasing prices.More than a million eggs, hundreds of thousands of tins of cannedfoods and 27,000 pounds of sugarwere seized in a raid on wholesalefood warehouses and cold, storageplants by the Federal officers atJacksonville, Florida, Wednesday.Seizure of 150,000 pounds of porkowned by the Columbus, Ohio, Packing Company on orders of JudgeDuncan, of the Common Pieas Court,was upheld by the Appellate Courtin a decision handed down Tuesday.The pork is now in the hands of areceiver. It was alleged that it hadbeen held in cold storage for morethan the six months period allowedunder the cold storage law.The first Federal' conviction forprofiteering was reported Wednesdayto the Department of Justice, atWashington. District Attorney Luceytelegraphed Attorney General Palmerfrom Binghampton, N. Y., that a retail grocer had been fined $500 inThe Federal Court for selling sugarat 15 cents a pound.Hoarding, selling at unreasonableprofits, creating monopolies and restricting the supply of food, fuel, orwearing apparel would be punishedhy a fine of $10,000 or five years' imprisonment under a bill introducedTuesday by Representative Gard, ofOhio.Attorney General Palmer announced Wednesday that he would askCongress for appropriation of $1,200,000 to be used in the campaignto reduce the high cost of living. Ofthis amount $1,000,000 would be forthe investigation and detection ocrimes and for the work of the StateFood Administrators and f 2 00,000for an ti-trust prosecutions.oSTATUEE PUTS ON THEATRICALSTUNT WEDNESDAY NIGHTIt was like a scene in the moviesWednesday night, when old DameNature turned loose all the elementsand for a time gave the thirsty oldearth a genuine bath after a longdry spell. Following a long periodof hot weather, punctuated at infrequent intervals with promises ofshowers, there was a genuine highold time Wednesday night, when astorm of lightning, wind and thunder, with a heavy downpour of rain,visited this section.So far as has been reported fromthe city and county there was nodamage done in any section of thecounty, and the downpour was notsufficient to make any appreciableeffect on the streams of the county.The rain was a? welcome one, in thatit served to refresh the parched vegetation, and w'ill be of great valueto the growing crops, such as havenot already been parbaked by the hotTays of the sun.oIT'S NOW GOVERNOR HARRISS.In the presence of a large gathering of State officials and relativesand friends from Woodford county,Senator Charles M. Harriss, of Versailles, president pro tern of the Kentucky Senate, took the oath of officeas Acting Governor of the Commonwealth of Kentucky, Monday morning. The oath was administered byHenry Ware, clerk in the office ofState Auditor Greene. Acting Gover. . m -u Tio Tiplm ornor Harriss win ue a.. --State affairs during the absence ofGovernor Black, who has gone toFrench Lick Springs, accompaniedby Mrs. Black.Acting Governor Harriss said lieowed the high honor which was being bestowed upon him to the peopleof Scott, Jessamine and Woodfordcounties, who elected him as theirSenator and to his colleagues in theSenate who choose him as their president pro tem.The inaugural ceremonies tookplace in the State reception roomThe large table was filled with floralofferings sent by Woodford countyfriends and from Edward WallaceBrent, of ParisBUYS IMPORTED EWES.At the big sale of sheep held atIexington, Wednesday, Mr. W. H.Shropshire, of Bourbon county,hought two imported Balstock ewes-At ?125 and $175 respectively.Among the consigners of grade ewesthat brought top prices were Caywood ,& McClintock, of Paris. Thetop price at the sale was ?500, fora two-year-old Hampshire Down ram,purchased by C. W. Massing, of Wal-um. .- . y VREAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS. 'IMr. Ashby Leer, of f Millersburg,sold his farm of three hundred acresto Garnett, Vanderen & Oxley, ofCynthiana, for $81,500.Mrs. Leila B. Dillon purchasedthis week a five-room cottage onFerguson street, at a price not givenout for publication. The sale wasmade through the real estate firm ofHarris & Speakes.Miss Mary Layton sold to Mr. J.M. bmelser, a cottage on Cypress ,street at the reported price of $4,-000. Miss Layton has purchased ofMr. I. L. Price the residence on South !Main street which she has occupied 'lui tuiriy years, ana win .mane anumber of improvements in theproperty.The contract for building saleswarehouse No. 2, of the New Inde-pendent Tobacco Warehouse Co., oneor tne two new sales nouses to be .i - . ierected by them, was let, at a meeting of the Board of Directors, Tues-day afternoon, to the Bourbon Lum-'her Co., for $30,000. The buildingwill be 128x171 feet in dimensions,the front to be of brick, with metal .for the sides. Work is to begin atonce, and under the terms of the contract, is to be completed by Novem-ber 15. The house is to be built onthe south side of the present warehouse, on South Main street.1 oWILL OF MRS. E. V. CRAIG ADMITTED TO PROBATEme win or mrs. u. v. uraig, wnodied at her home near Clintonville,in this county,' recently, has been or-ITI- - !11 J - TI TT -.-!. .. Idered to record in the Fayette CountyClerk's office at Lexington.By the terms of the instrument thesum of one hundred dollars is be-rqueathed to the Clintonville Chris-tian church as an interestearingendowment, ana a ime sum , tier for 3 in the erection ofniece and namesake, Ada Virginia 'pubKc libraries, that being one of theWheap. The sum of $2,000 is devised channels through which Mr Carneto her daughter, Mrs. Hallie Craig gie elected to disseminate a portionArdery, in consideration of her care of his vast wealth for the benefitand attention. The remainder ofthe estate is to be divided betweenher daughter and her son Jesse LeeCraig. The will states that no pro-The will states that no pro-vision is made for her husband' for'J . am 1 am V rl4t 9f s'the 'reason that ne has ample meansof his own. Her daughter is madeexecutrix. The will is dated July 11,1917, and was witnessed by RobertJ,,? i j rr a tt -nntiA,, tC. Talbott and Wade H. Whitley, ofParis.PROMINENT ADVOCATES OF WOMAN SUFFRAGE VISIT PARISMrs William D. Oldham and that have benefitted by Mr. CarneMrs. Harrison Gardner Foster, both gie's gifts for libraries are as fol-of Lexington, were in Paris, Wednes- J? ? g Qday, as a guest of friends, and inci- Covington 85,000dently sounding the people on the Henderson 25,000question of woman suffrage. Mrs Hickman 10,000Oldham, who is a sister of the late Hopkinsville 15,000Mr. Charles Bronston, for many years Lawrenceburg 5,000Commonwealth's Attorney of this Lexington 75,000district, is a member of the Citizens' e0soro 5$Committee on State Suffrage Amend- Qwensboro I 3o',000ment. Mrs. Foster was for many paducah "" - 35,000years a resident of Washington, D. , Paris 12,000C, and was a delegate to the Demo- Somerset 10,000cratic National Convention, in 1918. Shelbyville 10y000from the Third District of the State Berea (College) 43,000. . . .nn rjT. io,i?0q nrp An Danville (University) 30,000of Wash ngton Both ladies are flu- Lexington University) 26,500ent speakers and in a most convmc- weste,. (College) 15,000ing manner aetaneu ineir uujeumato the dangers of the power conferred on Congress to legislate in Stateelections, provided in the second section of the Susan B. Anthony Federal Amendment, which, in conjunction with the similar section of theFifteenth Amendment, subjects theelectoral rights of the majority ofthe population of every State to thecontrol of Congress. They were supplied with a mass of literature,which was distributed throughoutthe city.FREIGHT SERVICE RESUMED.With the return of the strikingrailway shopmen of the Louisville &Nashville to their work in this cityand at other points along the line,the interrupted freight service of theroad has been resumed, and all kindsot snipmenis are going iorwaru, wimthe exception of those consigned tocertain foreign roads, where thestrikers are still out.Officials of the road announced ;yesterday that the embargo on all jfreight shipments had been lifted,except in the Atlanta territory. Thisjthe Bxecutives head can be musmeans that livestock and perishablegoods will again be accepted for shipment from Paris.When asked yesterday if any further local trouble could be expected,one of the officials stated that therewould be none, in his judgment, asthe striking workmen who have re- . iias Deen appointed the American Redturned to their work have apparently cross campaign manager for Kenfavored and stand taken by President j tucky for the third Red Cross callWilson. All freight trains were ar- to be made November 3 to 11.riving and departing on their regu-j Mr. Todd says that the $15,000,lar schedule time yesterday. Long 'q 00 asked is to be used to completetrains of coal went through the Uocal Red Cross obligations in countriesyards yesterday, where before there abroad undertaken in connectionhad been but few shipments of that with the war. He is assembling hiscommodity; - vANDREW CARNEGIE PASSES. OVER THE GERAT DIVIDE'Anarew uarnegie, steel magnateand philanthropist, died at his summer home at Lenox, Mass., Monday,after an illness of less than threedays of bronchial pneumonia. Hisdeath was so sudden his daughter,Mrs. Roswell Miller, was unable toget to his bedside. His wife andprivate secretary were with him atthe end.Although Mr. Carnegie was takenill Friday, it was not until early! Monday his condition took a criticalturn. Saturday it was said he wassuffering from a severe cold, but itapparently was not different "fromother attacks he had endured and nofear was entertained that it wouldprove fatal. It was announced hewas remaining in doors under ' thecare of nurses. Outside the immediate household, no one had any intimation that death was near.Funeral services were held atShadow Brook on yesterday morning. .at 11 o'clock. The services wereattended only by members of thehousehold. The body was taken byspecial train to Sleepy Hollow, Tar-rytown, N. Y., where Mr. Carnegie,'years ago, bought a lot, and wherehe always desired to be buried.Paris has especial cause to reverethe memory of Mr. Carnegie, asthrough his generosity the ParisPublic Library was made possible,the Paris Baptist church received adonation of $1,250for their newipipe organ, and a Parisboy, Mr.Alex T. Rice, Jr., received a handsome bronze medal donated by theCarnegie Hero Commission.As a -mark nf resnar.t to the mem-ory of the dead philanthropist theParis Public Library closed duringthA r.nllr nf thp flinM.ai vesterdavmorning.In the passing of Andrew. Camegie, that prince of philanthropists,Hundreds of &,S?to &ana culture 01 manKina.L ! " aSn5o?5? PU?Cjstate of Keniuck is indebted' to himfor $922,500 for libraries alone. -andfor $922,500 for libraries alone, -and0f this sum, Paris was given $12,0004i if "T . A4 n J f Vtowards the establishment of a 11-frrary, provided the city of Pariswould give a similar amount all ofMr. Carnegie's gifts 1x1 this directionbeing provisional; and to-day ouruQO?:i i;fflo u' r cf!,c Lof the thousands of monuments toiy...i "v xxj, wvcwu wthe memory of this man whose lib' erality and generosity in the distribution of his wealth are unparalleled,in the history of public benefactions.I The Kentucky cities and townsLouisville 450,000Totol $922,500LIBERTY BONDS READY.Liberty Bonds of all issuesnow ready. Please call andget yours.PEOPLES DEPOSIT BANK &TRUST CO.(12-aug3t)PRESIDENT REMAINS FIRM P0EDAYLIGHT SAVING.President Wilson, it was said yes-terday, will veto the law proposing, repeal Qf the dayligllt savings act.' The measure has been before thePresident since August 5 and he isj expected to return it to Congress be-f tl d f the weekEfforts to pass the agricultural billwith its repeal rider of the President's veto failed last month andleaders in both House and Senatedoubt that, the two-thirds majority,T1Ar,pssf,rv. to mass the reneal law overtered.CAMPAIGN MANAGER FOR THIRDRED CROSS CALL.McKenzie R. Todd, of Frankfort,force of ,-campaign assistants. .PROSPECTS IX)R NEW ICE PLANT.The promotors of the proposed newice manufacturing plant for Parisare confident of ultimate success, andtheir optimism is of the very cherriest sort. The encouragement theyhave received in the past two weeksfrom those having spare capital theyare willing to inyest, and who havenot hesitated to express their conn-Jdence in the outcome, is sufficientsunshine for them. They say theysimply cannot he downed, and thatjthe game is one that is well worthplaying.In the past few days large amountsof stock have been subscribed fromthe county precincts, where -up untilrecently little had been expected.Talk of erecting small plants in Millersburg and North Middletown wasrife for a time, but now it seems thatmost of the investors in those precincts have been making inquiriesand to some extent taking stock inthe Paris project.The question as to whether or notParis will have an up-to-date iceplant and cold storage warehouse hasalmost reached a definite stage. Itwas announced yesterday by the promoters that an engineer from Cincinnati had been engaged to come hereand make a survey of the situation,'select a site and make an estimate ofthe approximate cost of the plant.During the past few days, they stated yesterday, over $20,000 has beensubscribed to the proposed enterprise,principally in sums of $100, $200and $300.Apropos of the move the Flemingsburg Times-Democrat left calledupon to remark in its 'last issue:'Paris people are organizing a newpompany to build a new ice plant forthat city. And perhaps next summer will be so cool that we will notneed ice."BABIES WELFARE WORK TO BECONTINUED.The work of weighing and measuring the babies of Bourbon countyunder six years old, which was begunlast week under the direction of Mrs.Harriet Minaker, Visiting Nurse ofthe Bourbon County Health and Welfare League, will be continued untilall the "kiddies" have been recorded.. This ,work is being carried on inUccoi dance with instructions from,'J .! Y J- xIhe headquarters of the National Babies Welfare Work, in New York.Last week one hundred and sixty ba-bies were weighed and measured andfa record kept on a specially-designedindex card for future reference. The"kiddies" took very graciously to theperformance, and none voiced a protest.WeSATISFACTION IN CLOTHESCan Only Be Had When You Buy Your ClothingFrom a Dependable Store.WISSrilmMmjSt dm Ira i 1 ill h H HHilHHSwrnfCjilHEl JMKffli ffiS I m iHl m&i Ww WMmMmHHiiliillDp 1h ffllPirHr 'KmnH iTilH 11 ifW,l MmJ H I f .)ACV.,!UflMUiWYVwTrialMmil frJiJ-'ll' II, J I WJ ""MITCHELL & BLAKEMOREStetson HatsAiINTERESTING OIL NOTESMr. N. B. Moss, president of theLane Oil Co., of Paris, was in Louisville on business the early part ofthis week. From Louisvilje, Mr.Moss went to Allen county, on aninspection trip to the oil fields.The Little Banjo Oil & Gas Co.has started drilling its No. 1 well onthe Fannin lease, near Crockett, inMorgan county. The well is nowdown four hundred feet, with goodprospects. The company has connected its No. 1, on the Peters lease,in Elliott county, and pumping willbe started in a few days. Earlytests show this well to be an excellent one.The indications for oil in Harrisoncounty are pronounced by Messrs.Templeman and Boothe, who represent the Associated Oil Operators &Contractors, as highly encouraging.As a matter of fact they say theyhave not visited a sebtion where prospects were more promising. Theyhave already taken leases on betweenfive and six thousand acres, and arecontinuing the work this week.The Scott Oil Company struck oilon the farm of Dr. Thompson atKing's Mountain, Lincoln county, ata depth of 315 feet. The company ismade up entirely of Scott county citizens and they are much elated over.their prospects. The directors of thecompany are: S. L. Allen, president;J. D. Grover, Victor Bradley, JudgeJames Bradley, Ruben Offutt, PorterNunnelley and Lewis Sublett.JOIN THE BOOSTERS CLUB.At a special meeting of the Bourbon County Boosters Club, held yesterday, Mr. Rudolph Davis was elected secretary and treasurer of thathonorable body. It is the intentionof the Club to reserve one section ofthe grandstand at League Park, inCincinnati, for all the ' Bourboncounty fans who may desire, to attendthe world series games to be playedthere early in October.All "fans" who expect to attendthese games should leave their nameswith Secretary Davis and eret in on! the big party, as all roads will leadi to Cincinnati in October. AndersonCahal has announced his intentionof going with the crowd, and sayshe will then root for the CincinnatiReds.ndr.W17jHkHrTr,frtemJtiCcNettltton ShoesDr. Reed's jCush'wn Sole ShotsKnowIMMENSE STOCKS OF FOOD UTNEW YORK COLD STORAGE.Government figures show thatthere is now in storage, held forhigher prices in New York or ship-ment abroad, 10,000,00,0,00 pound?(5,000,000 tons) of food.These figures, astounding in them-selves, are little less than amazingwhen it is recalled that during' Junexports amounted tofc $11,800,000,and July undoubtedly crossed the "$1,000,000,000 mark for the firsttime in the country's history. It isreasonable to assume that an equalfigure will be set for AugustHow much of this inordinate quan-tity of food" all ready for consunrjwtion is locked up in the 198 pri-- 'vate and the 19 licensed cold storgwarehouses in and about New Yorkwill never be determined unless thowners are placed on the witnessstand and forced to divulge the facts.Quite naturally they are not tellingtheir own business or that of theircustomers at a time when the gOT,Ternment is making extraordinary efforts to determine why the cost ofliving continues to mount.In addition to these cold storagewarehouses in this vicinity hundredsof loft buildings, barns, breweriesand other structures are being used ffor so-called 'rdry storage." Hergoods which do not need refrigeration can he safely hidden away forindefinite periods.DESIRABLE WOOLENS ARE VERY JSCARCE.Yet we are able to show a very attractive line of genuine Englishwoolens in our tailoring department.We suggest an early selection.J. W. DAVIS & CO.oMAYSVTTiTMR MAN CHOSEN KENTUCKY WESLEYAN HEAPThe Reverend W. B. Campbell, pastor of. the First Methodist church inMaysville, was elected president orKentucky Wesleyan College at Winchester, at a meeting of the Boardof Education of the Kentucky Conference, M. E. Church, South, heldTuesday afternoon at the PhoenixHotel, in Lexington. The choice of'the new president was unanimous.The Reverend Mr. Campbell suc-1 ceeds the Rev.: X L. Clark, who re-s'iimed as resident' of the Winches-ter institution several months ago.!"The new resident is a eraduate ofKentucky Wesleyan College and Van-derbilt University. He is 35 yearsold. President Campbell will takecharge of the college immediately;planning for the opening of the fall.term the first week "in September.HcrwThe suits we sell are tailoredand made by the best tailors.-Style,Workmanship.andQualityare to be found in Stein-BlochMichael Sterns Clothes,whether for ,the young man orthe middle aged man.We can show you a vast assortment of colors and styles,and if you want service and satisfaction let your clothing comefrom our store.Summer Coatsand Trousersin Wool Crashes, Mohairs, PalnrBeach and' Kool Kloth$18 to $40Manhattan Shirts'A-ts - -ft'f AGE TWOTHE BOITEBON 1SEWS PAKIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, AUGUST 15, 1S19W15)HE BOURBON NEWSEitablished 188137 Years of Continuous Publicationpublished Every Tuesday and EridayPr Year.. $2.00 6 Months. .? 1.00Payable In Adavance.RWIFC CHAMP. Editor and Owner.tTtotpred at the Paris, Kentucky,Poetoffice as Mail Matter of the: 8cond Class.)Any erroneous reflection upon thefrkaracterf standing or reputation ofMJ person, firm or corporation -which(bay appear in the columns of' THEJB RBON NEWS will be gladly cor--ftqtedIf brought to attention of thefrdStor., QTJTR FOEEIGN EEPRESENTATIVES. 25Tew York American Press Association. .Cnicao Lord & Thomas.. Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.1 Atlanta Massengale Adv. Agency.I Cincinnati Blaine-Thompson Co.Iiouisville Stark-Lowman Co.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perjtock-Xor first time; 50 cents per inch(Mh subsequent Insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per linejMch Issue; reading notices in black3rpe, 20 "Cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candilates, obituaries and resolutions, andplmilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reseivedo decline any advertisement or otherMMtter for publication.Announcements for political officesJkosU invariably be accompanied byJfcfae cash.ffP DEMOCRATIC TICKET.I't Tor Governor: '-j James D. Black.! Eor lieutenant Governor;- TV, H. Shanks.f" iEbr Secretary of State: .Mat S.f Cohen.f Fr Auditor of Public Accounts:Henry .M. Bosworth.f Eor Attorney General:j; "Prank E. Daugherty.J Tor-Clerk of the Court of Appeals:j John A. Goodman.Eti Superintendent of Public In, struction:j li. JE. Fifcter.. Pjor Commissioher of Agriculture:'jf Jonn.Wj'NfeVman,I " - I5or Representative:J James H. Thompson.EOR COUNCILMEN: Pirst Ward:V J. H. Moreland, N. F. Brent, JohnJJsWilliams." Se'cond Ward:.Edward 'IB urke, .j Hugh Brent,j Catesby Spears.I Third Ward:? George Doyle.EDITORIAL-MUSINGS.$j Unwarranted Slioe Prices.1 The shoemakers are not disposedita hold out any hope of relief fromthe present high prices of shoes. Indeed, they openly state that theprices are going on up. It wouldseem to the person who has to buyjfcwo or three pairs of shoes a yearJthat the price had now about reached the limit, but the National Bootand Shoe Manufacturers' Association,which recently held a meeting inUew York, found out that there aretill unexplored heights, "whollyfceyond war-time or any other experience," to which prices will ascendascend this winter. Furthermore,'"shoes sold in the spring of 1920Must bring still higher prices'The shoe wearer, of course, blames,the shoemaker. He might blame theretail dealer, but the dealer is likelyto be known to him, and believedwhen he explains that he chargesKore for shoes because he has to payore for them.. The maker however,je a remote person who can be blamedwith some degree of immunity. TheJfcnufacturers, however, are not idlyHmfSBIHHfflHiHHlHMC iaaaaasBmBalliidiilSHiit' kAz trIBk3KcWIwvC5"IBBBJBH!-oBBKB'v?t vBBs & '??BWHIBWMBBBfcL ? A' '4wBBBHHBBlBBBBMy KMk & SBJDomingo's Pilipinotaking the blame. They denouncethe present price of shoes as "unwarranted." The prices of leather andlabor are, in their official statementon the subject, "excessive, far beyond any past experience." The export trade and the country's prosperity are likewise blamed.What the makers are afraid ofand they have good reason to beis a panicky condition of the market.They advise people not to Umy anymore shoes than they have to. Theyadvise dealers to cut down theirstocks to the minimum. The price ishigh enough as it is, but there is notelling where it will go if people losefaith in the trade and begin to buyagainst an imaginary shoe famine.There is plenty of raw material, butit costs more; and there is plenty oflabor, but, as the recent successfulstrikes among shoe workers indicate,it also costs more.Overworked? Well Rather!Isn't it strange how a word seemsto become a fashion, and is worked toa finish? Now "daddy" is the onethat seems to be working over time.You've all noticed it. It falls fromthe mouth of, babies. Certainly fromtime immemorial baby lips have lisped, "da da," and awfully sweet itsounds, too, but in some instances itis almost ludicrous. When the userof the infantile epithet is grayingat the temples perhaps, or even the"silver threads" are pretty evenlydispersed upon the poll," "father"seems so much more appropriate,doesn't it? But when one hears "daddy" from lips of a "back number"who used to say "pa" and "ma," Itis queer certainly, like sweet bellsjangled out of time," almost. "Dad"sounds good to me. From the mouthof a youngster fresh from college,"dad" is delightful showing a degreeof comrade, or companionship equalto that of "the old man," but morerespectful.We've all noticed how "wonderful"is overworked. Now this is a "wonderful" word surely to express allkinds of excellence in all sorts andconditions of people and things, buthasn't it been worn almost thread-1bare? "Good-looking" isotintviot-word that is running neck and neckwith "wonderful." Just now it is thevery top of the mode. One hears ofwall naner." "srood-lookins: crowns:"the "saleslady" who is displaying , Governor, but says In part:the costumes uses this word ad flni- I "n tne wnole case' after a retrot spective consideration of the returnsIn a shop the other day a young. before me, win or lose, 1 see nothingwoman was heard going into rapt- to my discredit and am pleased andures over a line of stationery which satisfied. I expect to return homeshe pronounced "so good looking." I shortly to attend the DemocraticPretty girls, and handsome men are State Convention and from then on to.. .. j tij n i Hpvnfp mv time and p.verv enersrv Inow commonly canea "gooa-iooKing.Wonder if the girls like the term aswell? Hardly think so seems, asthough they might me deterioratingin regard to personal attractions:GOVERNMENT TO SELL $2,000,000,000 IN WAR STAMPSTo The people of Kentucky:The Government has authorizedthe sale of two billions dollars worthof War Savings Stamps.Let me take this means of asking ithat you practice thrift and savingssystematically to the end that youpurchase these small Government securities each week. Make one dayyour weekly Thrift Day if any otherday suits you better, make Saturdaythe weekly Thrift- Day.Very truly yours,JAMES B. BROWN,State Director of Kentucky.TRAVELING MAN'SENCEEXBERI-You may learn something from thefollowing by W. H. Ireland, a traveling salesman of Louisville, Ky. "Inthe summer of ,1888 I 'had a severeattack of cholera morbus. I gave thehotel porter fifty cents and told himto buy me a bottle of Chamberlain'sColic and Diarrhoea Remedy and totake no substitute. I took a doubledose of it according to the directionsand went to sleep. At five o'clock the'next morning I was called by my order -and took a train for 4 my nextstopping place, a well .man."'-"- , . ,(ady-aug)Serenaders, The Paris Grand,PLANS PERFECTED FOR VOCATIONAL TRAINING.Plans perfected by the VocationalEducation Board provide for an expenditure of $141,568.52 for vocational training in Kentucky duringthe next school term. Of the amountto be expended fifty per cent comesfrom the Federal government underthe Smith-Hughes vocational act.In order to participate in the benefits of the fund the State has to putup a dollar for every dollar that thegovernment spends in this State forvocational training.In appropriating the fund the Vocational Board set aside $35,156.96for agricultural training, $16,866.71for teachers training at the University of Kentucky, $5,622.24 forteachers training at the KentuckyNormal and Industrial Institute and$13,133.40 for home economics training. Agricultural training will betaught in high schools at Livermore,Fordsville, Lowes, Campbellsville.Lewisburg, Dawson Springs, Benton,Wliitesville, Mayslick, Mayfield, Marion, Greenville, Franklin, Cadiz,Utica, Cunningham, Auburn, La Center, Burlington and Davies county,Montgomery county and Franklincounty."Home economic training will betaught in high schools at Morganfield, Owensboro, Louisville, Somerset, Paducah. Dawson Springs, Greenville, Paris, Hindman settlementschool and in Montgomery county;and in negro schools at Frankfort,Owensboro, Paris, Georgetown andMt. Sterling.Trades and industries training willbe given at high schools in Louisville and Somerset. The teachers'training course will be be at the University of Kentucky and the Kentucky Normal and Industrial Institutes. oR. C. OLDHAM DOES NOT ADMITDEFEAT IN RACE.In a letter addressed to the Democrats of Kentucky Ronald C. Oldham,of Winchester, one of the candidatestor the Democratic nomination forLieutenant Governor in tne recentState primary, does not concede victory to W. H. Shanks, of Stanford,whose name will go on the ballots asDemocratic nominee for Lieuteant'possess to the entire Democraticticket in the November electionwhether or not I am on that ticket.MULE'S KICK IN NEW DRINKA resident of Carmin, III., has anew drink of such potency that thepolice, while not sure that there wasalcohol in it, knew it had a tremendous kick, anyway, so they arrestedthe inventor. ' So far as has beenlearned the man put a pot on to boil,making up four or five gallons at atime, enough for a day, if too much"company" did not call. The principal ingredients were corn meal,raisins, sugar and a certain kind ofacid purchased at the drug stores.This, boiled together, produced aconcoction that would make Bacchuscrazy. Those who know say onedrink would make one talk Chinesefluently; after a second one. couldshave a grass hopper wITh a buzzsaw, and with a third one couldcrack hickory. nuts on the forehead.oDangerous Practice."Little Willie would hate to see hlmother have to take Hi washing,but there Is no telling what her facultyfor religiously taking in his ears everytime she washes his face may lend to.Formerly the most-sought-forthing in the world was perpetualmotion. Now it is perpetual peace.r O- ; , 'As to those British automobiles ofconcrete, will they, run again afterthey oncegetset ? r " 4 . , "Monday and Tuesday.FEELING BLUE?LIVER LAZY?TAKE A GALQTABWonderful How Young and Energetic You Feel After TakingThis Nausealess Calomel Calotab.If you have not tried Calotabs youhave a delightful surprise awaitingyou. The wonderful liver-cleansingand system-purifying .properties ofcalomel may now' be enjoyed withoutthe slightest unpleasantness'. A Calotab at bedtime with a- swallow ofwater that's all. No taste, no salts,nor the slightest unpleasant effects.You wake up in the morning feelingso good that you want to laugh aboutit. Your liver is clean, your systemis purified, your appetite hearty. Eatwhat you wish no danger. The nexttime you feel ,lazy, mean, nervous,blue, or discouraged, give your livera thorough cleansing with a Calotab. iThey are so perfect that your druggist is authorized to refund the priceas a guaranee that you will be delighted. Calotabs are sold in original, sealed packages. Price thirty-five cents.At all drug stores.(adv)oAs a general thing, when a womansays, "Isn't that just like a man?"she's married to one of 'em.One of the troubles of the world isthat it has too many imperativeneeds that conflict with one another.Old False Teeth WantedWe pay up to $25 per set for themin any condition. Broken parts inproportion, also pay highest pricesfor old gold and silver. Mail to us;your money sent by return mail.BRACKENEY REFINING CO.,225 W. Chestnut, Louisville, Ky.(12-2t-pd)Southdown Sheep ForSale.I have a select lot of Southdownyearling bucks; also 50 Southdownewes and lambs for sale.J. H. THOMPSON,(I2-af) R. F. D. 8, Paris, Ky.Farm WantedWanted to rent a farm of about250 or 300 acres, with two houses;25 or 30 acres to go in tobacco; 50or 601 acres to be put in corn. Fivej in- family. Call on or address,S. P. WHITLEY,(12-2t-pd) Route 3, Berry, Ky.LostBetween Thos. Longo's fruit standand the residence of Mr. John P.Cain, "on Higgins avenue, a smallblack leather pocketbook containingone pair of Amethyst rosaries.Finder will return to this office andreceive reward. (1-tf)Fords For SaleTwo Fords, 1918 Touring Cars, inperfect condition.Trucks and cars for hire. 'See ;S. R. HUDNALL, -At Ruggles-Motor Co.,Both Phones.'(8)NAMED TO CA&RY CAHAPIGNTO AffiT jgE japTBjipTSIn each of the; Congressional districts of this State representativeshave been appointed to organize theeducators of the districts to urgetheir Congressmen and Senators topush the Smith-Towner bill throughCongress. This bill appropriates$1 00,0 00,0 00 for educational purposes and Kentucky will share largelyin the appropriation. It is regardeda great stimulus to education.The representatives appointed are:First District, Ralph Yakel, of Paducah; Second District, J. H. Risby,of Owensboro; Third District, A. C.Burton, of Bowling Green; FourthDistrict, L. H. Powell, of Brandenburg; Fifth District, ElizabethBreckingridge, of Louisville; SixthDistrict, J. C. Miller, of Erlanger;Seventh District, L. D. Stucker, ofFrankfort; Eighth District, T. J.Leathers, of Lawrenceburg; NinthDistrict, W. J. Broadner, of Ashland;Tenth District, Fonso Wright, ofPikeville, and Eleventh District, Senator Hiram Brock, of Harlan.KENTUCKY RACING DATESThe followingare the official racing dates for the fall season in Kentucky: Lexington Saturday, September13, to Saturday, September 20; sevendays.Louisville (Churchill Downs)Thursday, October 23, to Saturday,November 1; nine days.Latonia Wednesday, September24, to Saturday, October 18, twentytwo days.Rawleigh's All Medicine Hog MixtureQuality First; Results Assured.Try 100 pounds. Money refunded ifnot satisfied. Cost one-fifth of a centper average dose.Call Cumberland Phone 487; HomePhone 256, for further information.M. 0. BIDDLE,The Rawleieh Man.(8aug-tf)Notice of ElectionTO THE TOTERS OECOITNTY.BOURBONNotice is hereby given that pursuant to an order of the Bourbon County Fiscal Court, entered July 3rd,1919; an election will be held and apoll will be taken at each and all ofthe voting places in Bourbon County,Kentucky, on the 6 th day of September,' 1919, between the hours of sixo'clock a. m. and four o'clock p. m.,for the purpose of taking the senseof the legal voters of Bourbon County, Kentucky, who are qualified tovote upon the. following proposition:"Are You For a Property Tax ofTwenty Cents on Each One HundredDollars Worth of Property in theCounty "to be Levied Each Year forTen Years for the Purpose of Improving or Constructing, Either orBoth, -Roads and Bridges of theCounty?"W. G. McCLINTOCK,Sheriff of Bourbon County.(aug8-td)Notice of ElectionTOTHE YOTEES OFCOUNTY.BOURBONNotice is hereby given that pursuant to an order of the Bourbon County Court, entered July 7, 1919, anelection will be held and a poll willbe taken at each and all of the votingplaces in Bourbon County, Kentucky,on the 6th day of September, 1919,between the hours of six o'clock a.m. and four o'clock p. m., for thepurpose of taking the sense of thelegal voters of Bourbon County,Kentucky, who are qualified to vote,upon the following proposition:"Are you in favor of issuing FiveHundred Thousand Dollars in Bondsfor the Purpose of Building Roadsand Bridges ?rW. G. McCLINTOCK,Sheriff of Bourbon County.(aug8-td)PUBLIC SALEOFChurch Building!On Saturday, Aug. 16,at 10 a. m., we will sell to the highest bidder, on the premises, in NorthMiddle town, the old ChristianChurch building, to be removed fromthe grounds within thirty days.The building is 44x62, and has onit much high-class lumber; framingis yellow popular; floors white pine,and is studded with 4x6 stuff.At the same time will sell a lot ofpews, chandeliers and base burnerstoves. The pews are made of whitepine, 18 inches wide, without flaw.Will sell' also one 8-horse International Gas Engine in, good repair.Sale at 10 o'clock sharp, rain orshine. ,v H. S. CAYWOOD, -.v(5-4) '., .. - Committee.r-'HONEKILLEDMEATSVeal BeefPork LambIt's the Besfrut hjcTo Be HadMflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketAetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityrAnd OtherCasualtiesA. J. FEEAGENTBRIGHTEREVENINGSNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth, living, than a well illuminated house.useOiectricituTor EigDtingIt's the only satisfactory way.use SiasTor Seating ana CoekinaIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix You UpFor the Use o! BothElectricity and Gas.Paris Gas & Electric Co.I'lncorDorated)SPECIALSFor This WeekWASHiKIRTS"Slightly Soiled98cValues ud to $3.00 and $4.0.HATS98cEvery Hat Must Go.Ladies' White CottonHose15c PairMuslin Underwear ReducedTWIN BROS.' Department Stort7th and Main Paris, Ky-ti35?czSrlrevc.&JXZ2''?;'"VAtJrrI FRIDAY, AUGUST 15, 1919THE B0U3B0H v JEWS, .PAlItJJUffL'HOlL'f.'tw?rt"fJvMovr wpRstffew'm"p;- ,,"- -. rasjrHrrfr- iMmraam :-r .TO ALL WOMENWHO ARE ILLThi Woman RecommendsLydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound frer. Personal Experience.McLean, Neb. "I want to recommend Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetableijompound to allwomen who sufferfrom any functionaldisturbance, as ithas done me moregood than all thedoctor's medicine.Since taking it Ihave a fine healthvbaby girl and havegamed in health andstrength. My husband and I bothpraise your medicine to all sufferingwomen." Mrs. John Koppelmann, R.No. 1, McLean, Nebraska.This famous root and herb remedy,Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, has been restoring women ofAmerica to health for more than fortyyears and it will well pay any womanwho 'suffers from displacements, inflammation, ulceration, irregularities,backache, headaches, nervousness or"the blues" to give this successfulremedy a trial.For special suggestions in regard toyour ailment write Lydia E. PinkhamMedicine Co., Lynn, Mass. The resultof its long experience is at your service.CANTEILL BACKS STATE MEMORIAL TO 'HEROIC DEAD.,Cleaning Photographs.Dirty photographs are so unsightlythat you will be glad to know there isa way to clean them. Moisten a softcloth with warm water to which a little ammonia has been added; wringthe cloth out well and wipe the photographs very lightly, drying them immediately with a soft, dry cloth.If the war tax schedule gives youa headache, it will be noted there isno tax on bromo seltizer."The idea of erecting memorialbuildings instead of monuments ofmarble or bronze to the men who losttheir lives in the war is such a logical one that it is being adopted notonly by many States, but by the Nation," said Congressman J. CampbellCantrill, in discussing the proposedState Memorial Building at the University of Kentucky."There is now in, progress at theNational Capital a movement to erecta mammoth convention hall, in whichwill be placed on bronze tablets thenames of all Americans who losttheir lives in the service. It will beused by multitudes who will be continually reminded of the sacrificesmade by the men in whose honor itwill be built, and of the principles ofdemocracy for which they died. Witheach day's use by a people seeking toperpetuate the fruits of victory, itwill become a more suitable tributeto the dead and a greater example tothe living. It will be a monumentmore lasting than brass, and aworthy memorial."Kentucky should take the samesteps to honor her 2,800 sons whodied in the service, and I shall doeverything in my power to promotethe campaign to obtain $300,000 fora State Memorial Building on thecampus of the University of Kentucky. It is peculiarly fitting thatthe building should be at the StateUniversity rather than at the StateCapitol, since it will be continuallybefore the eyes and in the use of theyoung men and women who will reapthe benefits of the peace won by thedead heroes, many of whom camefrom their number. I understandthat the proposed building will beused to house student activities, andwill have a large auditorium for student assemblies. Such a use will further dignify the memorial, which isto have in the rotunda, tablets bearing the names of men from eachcounty who gave their lives, and willkeep forever green the memory ofthose we wish to honor."SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.,Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There and XElsewhere.re-Is it Possible to Legislatelife and Brains?Swift & Company isprimarily an organizationof men, not a collectioiof brick, mortar, andmachinery. &dUPacking Plants, theirequipment and usefulness are only outwardsymbols of the mteHigence, life - long experience, and right purposeof the men who composethe organization and ofthose who direct itWill not Government direction of the packing industry,now contemplated by Congress,take over the empty husk ofphysical property and equipmentand sacrifice the initiative, experience and devotion of thesemen, which is the life itself ofthe industry?What legislation, what political adroitness could replace suchlife and brains; once driven out?Let ui tend you a Swift "Dollar."It will interest you.Address Swift & Company,Union Stock Yards, Chicago, HI.Swift & Company, U. S. A.'0 TOOTH Dff &QB12.9645oVTHIS SHOWSWHATKCOMCSFTHCAVERAtEDOUAftRECEIVED tY'SWIFT COMPANY1FfttM THE SALE Of MCATANDSYMODWCTSCENTS IS Ml PM THCLIVE ANIMALIZ.M CENTS rft LAMftEXPENSES AN FRCIMTE.4 CENTS REMAINSWITH tSVrT4CDMMIiras nwrrr. f . Uf"-ATlCC OTlOflnti-a TTflnmr Tir&-.kj VUUIIUHS AtVUl J 11UOturned from a visit to friends in Cdrbin. Mr. and Mrs. L. T. Redmon andfamily are visiting relatives inBoone county.Miss Florence Maharney has asguests Misses Rosie Shannon andRuth Crowe, of Carlisle.Mr. and Mrs. Jesse F. .Kennedyhave returned from a business trip ofseveral days in Cincinnati.Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Helm Clay,of Eighth street, are guests of Mr.and Mrs. R. M. Hopkins, in Covington. Mr. Landrum Payne left Tuesday for a visit to his grandparents,Mr. and Mrs. John J. -Payne, at War-'saw.Miss Mary Waters has returnedto her home in Shelby county aftera visit to Miss Hazel Arnold, in thiscity.Miss Mary McWilliams, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. George McWilliams, is visiting friends and relatives in Lawrenceburg.Miss Marian Alexander has returned to Cincinnati, after a visit toMiss Kate Alexander and other relative's in this city and county.Mrs. R. L. Wilson and daughter,Miss Cora Lee Wilson, have returnedto their home in this city after avisit tq friends and relatives in Winchester. Mr. Charles Clendenin, Superintendent of the Odd Fellows Home atEminence, was a guest several daysthis week of his son, Mr. Roy Clendenin. John VanMeter Woodford, sonof Mr. and Mrs. John Woodford, ofnear Paris, is a guest of his grandfather, Mr. John M. VanMeter, inDanville.Mr. and Mrs. George M. Napierhave returned to Paris after a visitof several days to the former's parents, Mr. and Mrs. Jesse Napier, inLexington.Mr. and Mrs. Frank W. Houston,of Miami, Florida, and Mr. -and Mrs.R. D. Kimbrough, of Cynthiana,guests of Mr. and Mrs. John J. Connell, have returned to their respectivehomes.Misses Lena Nelson, of Houstonville, and Florence and Louise Berry,of Cynthiana, will arrive to-day, tobe members of a house party at thehome of Miss Irene Bramblette, inWhite Addition.Mrs. James Fizer has returned toher home in Mt. Sterling, after avisit of several days to her sisteiidMrs. Dan W. Peed, at their home onSouth Main street.Mrs. Robert Carter, who hasbeen a guest of her brother, Mr.Chas. P. Cook, has returned to herhome in Petersburg, accompanied byher nephews, Charles and NorwoodCook."Miss Elsie Heller, Field Secretary of the Y. W. C. A., is here fromRichmond, Va.,' to spend a month'svacation as guest of her parents, Mr.and Mrs. P. M. Heller, on Secondstreet. ' ' i .' " i " , . , iMr. and Mrs. Lou Taylor, accompanied by Miss Margaret Woods, professional nurse, left Wednesday forRochester, Minn., where Mrs. Taylorwill undergo treatment at the MayoBros.' Hospital.Mr. Lindsay Moorfe, Jr., accompanied by his friend, Mr. Paul Davis,will arrive Sunday from Detroit,M,ich., for a visit at the home of Mr.and' Mrs. Carley Wilmoth and Mr.and Mrs. Robert Goggin, in this city.i Mr. E. Leslie Worthington anddaughter, Miss 'Leslie Worthington,of? Maysville, and Mr. and Mrs. Woodliongmoor, of Frankfort, were guests.several days this week "at the homeof Mr.-and Mrs. Wm. Remington, onEighth street.A number of guests, were delightfully entertained at a six-o'clockdinner given by Mrs. J. E. Hughes,in this city in honor of her houseguests, Misses Esther and Hope Yelton, of Butler, and Flora 'and NoraTaylor, of Clintonville.Mr. and Mrs. Thos. Arkle havereturned to Lexington, after a visitto relatives and friends in this cityand county. Mr. Arkle is instructorin carpentry in the College of Mechanical and Electrical Engineeringat the University of Kentucky.Mr. . and Mrs. Brinch Memertzare expected home September 15,from Copenhagen, Denmark, wherethey have been spending a month'svacation as guests of the former'sparents. They have been haying amost enjoyable time in "the land ofwindmills."Mr. Alexander Howard, who hasspent the summer in this city withhis grandmother, Mrs. Belle BrentAlexander, and his aunt, Mrs. O. L.Davis, has returned t to his home inCovington. He will' re-enter CentreCollege, at Danville, wlien the fallterm opens.Richmond Register: "Mr. A. R.Atwood ,and' Mr. John Martin, ofBourbon' county, were among the out-of-townguests present at Miss MaryDoty's dinner party, to meet MissKatherine Oldham, of Muskogee, OklaTioma, Miss Gladys Dozier and Mr.Charles Dozier, of Marion, Alabama."The management of the Olympian Springs Hotel, Olympla, Ky.isplanning a danee for Friday, August15, for its guests and the young people of the nearby cities. Crowds areexpected from. Paris, Lexington,Winchester, Mt. Sterling, etc. MusiBuy Tires of Known' Quality"The steady usefulness of your car depends oiTgood tires.Economy depends on good tires. -United States Tires are good tires. That's why we handlethem. Take no chances with unknown quality. Buy United -States Tires,for their proved dependability, - ifor their oft demonstrated economy. ,We can provide you with United States Tires to meet your i ,needs exactly. v .United States Tiresare Good Tires '?-We KNOW United States Tires are good tires. That's why we sell thenuPARIS GARAGE (Eugene Roberts) ..... ....-..- Paxil, Xj.RUGGLES MOTOR CO Parii, Xy.MLLERSBURG HARDWARE CO., liaierilraig, Ky. 'J. W. MITCHELL & SON .'.,... North Middletdira, Ky. 'will be furnished by the'Mt. Sterling fOrchestra.Miss Pearl Brown' is a guest offriends and relatives in Covington.Miss Imogene Redmon is at Morgan Springs, Tennesse, for an extended stay. iMisa Fannie Heller is visitingfriends in Columbia, Ky., and in NewAlbany, Indiana.Mrs. Edward Prichard and tYsons are guests of relative andfriends in Maysville this we,ek.Mr. and Mrs, . M.Ewing, ofWaco, Texas, are guests of Mr. andMrs. John T. Hedges, on Higginsavenue.Miss Sarah Potash, of Victoria,Texas, is a guest at the home of Mr.and Mrs. Claude Petree, on soutnMain street.Mr. and Mrs. P. M. Heller haveas guest at their home on Secondstreet, Miss Flossie Staggs, of Huntington, West Va.Mr. Robert Lee Frank left Tuesday for Saranac Lake, to join hisfamily, who are spending the remainder of the summer there. xMr. Edward K. Myall, son of Mr.and Mrs. Willim Myall, of this city,is spending a few days in Asheville,N. C, for the benfit if his health.Mis. Fred Leuders has returnedto her home in Jacksonville, Fla., after a visit to Misses Ethel and Minnie Buchanan, on Henderson street.Mrs. Millard F. Kenney, MissFrances Butler and Miss Ann Rutherford Duncan have gone to Chicagofor a ten-days' visit to friends andrelatives.Mrs. Alexander White, who has'been a guest for several weeks ofMrs. Thompson H. Ta'rr, at her country home near Paris, ftas returned to.her home in Paris, Tenn. She wasaccompanied by Mrs. Tarr, who willbe her guest for several days.(Other Personals ori Page 5)m f. K"V' M - . I K T . 7"WRKLEYSr- m$ r thrce brands 'M ? sealed in air-tight .I packages. Easy to find V .Mmmmmm it is on saleeverywhere.Look for ask forbe sure to getWeiGLEYSTheGreatest Namein Goody-LandPAT-SNAPKILLS RATS'Also mice. Absolutely .preventsodors from carcass. One packageproves this. RATSNAP comes' x incakes no mixing with other food.Guaranteed.25c. "size Con? cake) enough forPantry, Kitchen or Cellar.50c. size (2 cakesV Jor ChickenHouse, Coops, or Small Buildings.$1.00 size (5'Ctkeft enough forall farin and out-buildings, storagebuildings. " ' 'Sold and Guaranteed by FarmersSupply Co.' . , (8-4tF)ffiW ZLWRIGLEYSnkIVOR.&rf"tt PERFECT CUM M1 jr"I.SEALED TIGHTujrrff TItTiilkllaITCn.MJt9fr7n vW-The Flavor Last4(AV'Vr.3tZ.? -"V-V' r"SFRIDAY, AUGUST 15, 11$THE BOUKBOH 1TEW& PUIS, XMTGCTT"IIRmlgi ioui ,r&u. t -. - jrrut BOURBON newsEstablished 188137 Years of Continuous Publicationfnblished Every Tuesday and FridayPer Year:. $2.00 6 Months. .81.00Payable in Adavance.fWTFT CHAMP. Editor and Owner.HTTLEJOHN CAEJUVAL., COMPANY PLEASES PARIS vPJSUJeus.WHAT, THE PRIMARY INDICATESThe gubernatorial primtry held inthis State on the second day of thismonth, was a rather listless sort ofaffair, but the Democrats have reason to feel optimistic because of several facts that it demonstrated.The primary showed that the Democrats of Kentucky are once moreunited. No definite issue has divided the party into factions, and acandidate has been nominated whohails from the very stronghold ofEdwin P. Morrow, and one who carried not only his own district, butevery district in the State, losingthem by very small pluralities.And the primary showed, also,notwithstanding the light vote cast,that Kentucky Democrats believed inthe present administration wellenough to uphold Governor Black,and it presages that when he makesthe race for re-election in Novemberthere will be few Democrats whowil support the Republican nomineebecause of his promise to inauguratea 'house-cleaning" at Frankfort.Kentucky Democrats are apparentlysatisfied with the policy of GovernorJames D. Black.Not only Democrats, but independent voters will supfort GovernorRiav in the November election.t For they realize that they cannot ex-pect Kentucky politics to be reformedby the election of Mr. Morrow. Theonly way to reform Kentucky politics is to reform the Democraticparty. Whether a Democratic administration is good or bad, no greatimprovement can be expected from aRepublican Governor' and a Democratic Legislature. The executiveduties of a State Governor now donot require ability as much as theability to direct legislation does.And it is here that a RepublicanGovernor's hands would, be tied.Moreover, Kentuckians rememberthe Bradley, Taylor and Wilson administrations, and it is improbablethat a Republican will be electedGovernor so long as Kentuckians donot forget. fUourbon county Democrats willcome to the forefront of the battleand give the nominee a handsomemajority. The apathy that manifested itself here in the primary willhave been dissipated by the time theNovember election rolls around, oreven before, and with the workers'putting forth their best efforts the iticket will receive a good old-fashioned'majority.For several years the LittlejohnCarnival Company has been visitingParis with one of the cleanest andmost wholesome carnival attractionson the road. There has never beena time when there was the least semblance of disorder, or any crookedness apparent with this company,and it goes without saying that nothing of the kind would for a momentbe tolerated by Mr. Littlejohn, whosename has become a synonym here forhonesty and square dealing with theamusement public.The Littlejohn Company will conclude a week's engagement here tomorrow night, a very successful engagement, from all 'points of view.The attractions have been of the verybest, and the grounds have been visited nightly by hundreds of people,who found much to amuse them, andnothing at all objectionable in whatthey saw and heard.The farmers and gardeners ofBourbon county owe Mr. Thos. P. Littlejohn a vote of thanks, in one respect, and that Js that the coming of-the Littlejohn Carnival Company tothis city, has invariably brought rainwith it. We have even heard Mr.Littlejohn referred to as "The Rainmaker." a title which seems to nt-ho rtnacinn So far as we have Jheard he has interposed no objectionto being considered a public benefactor in this respect.WHAT'S COMING NEXT?A Birmingham man gives the following expert views on the tax situation: "I have your letter requesting adonation for what you consider avery worthy cause. I natter myseiithat I have a spirit, of loyalty andgenerosity. I have contributed toevery object that has been presentedto me, but I certainly have to declineto help this cause along for the following reasons:"I have been held up, held down,sandbagged, walked on, sat on, spaton, rolled over, flattened out andsqueezed, first by the United states5.IN THE SERVICE OP THEIRnnimTRY.Mr. Roy Harney, of-this city, hasbeen accepted at the United StatesNaval Recruiting Station at Lexington for enlistment in the navy. Hewas sent to the Louisville recruitingstation Wednesday morning, andfrom there will be sent to one of thenaval training stations.Matthew Hume Payne, youngestson of Postmaster and Mrs. J. Walter Payne, of Paris, has been accepted at the Lexington naval recruiting station as a hospital apprentice. Young Payne passed a successful examination, and was sent to thecentral station at Louisville, Wednesday for a final examination.Mr. I. D. Thompson, Jr., who hasbeen in the naval branch of the service, and stationed as instructor atthe rifle range near Annapolis, Maryland, has been mustered out of theservice, and returned 'to his home inthis city. Mr. Thompson has recentlybeen on one of Uncle Sam's bigcruisers. He received his final discharge papers last Monday.WE STAND CORRECTED .. A.The following letter from Mr. Dor-Jsey Ray, formerly of Paris, now aresident of Los Angeles, Cali., corrects THE NEWS in regard 'to astatement made in a recent issue.We were under the impression thatboth Mr. and Mrs. Thos. Pollock,former Paris people, were dead, butMr. Ray's letter makes us glad thatthey are still in the land of the living: "Los Angeles,- Cali., Aug. 7."Dpar NEWS: In a recent articlein THE NEWS I notice you speak ofthe 'late Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Pollock, parents of Mrs. William MillerGraham, of Santa Barbara, Calif.'Now, if any people are alive in thisworld it is Mr. and Mrs. Pollock.They live at Hollywood, California,and one of my chief delights is a visitto their home, which happens about Ionce a month. Next month they willcelebrate the fiftieth anniversary oftheir wedding. Mrs. Pollock saysnone but Kentuckians are to be invited. "Truly Yours,"DORSEY RAY."li" ' " 1KRANK&GO.LADIES' OUTFITTERS. - -A4-'. JA message to Mr. Benj. Woodford,Sr., of near Paris, from his son, Mr.John T. Woodford, stated that hehad arrived at Quantico, Virginia,from overseas, and that he expectedto get his discharge papers from theservice at an early date and returnhome. Mr. Woodford was attendingthe University of Michigan at AnnArbor, Mich., when the call to thecolors came. He at once left hisstudies and, enlisted with the UnitedStates Marines. He had been inFrance and Germany for some time.NOTICE THIS ADVANCE IN SOFTDRINKS PRICES.On account of the high cost of iceand other soda fountain supplies weare compelled to advance the price ofdrinks, and effective Monday, Aug.11, the charges on the followingdrinks will be:Lemonade 17 centsLimeade 15 centsBanana, Splits 25 centsSundaes 15 centsPlain Cream 15 cents(Signed)FRANK BURTON,HARRIS & DALE,C. B. MITCHELL,M. C. KELLER.BIGREDUCTIONSONNO EASY JOB TO DEFEAT GOV.BLACK.The Lexington Daily Leader, theofficial Republican organ of CentralKentucky, ias lucid intervals. Forinstance, The Leader says if the Republicans think they will have aneasy job to defeat Gov. Black in theNovember election, they have anothertthink coming, or words to that effect.The Leader knows how strongGov., Black is in the mduntain section, where Morrow expects hisgreatest strength, and appreciates thefact that his'vote in the August primary, shows that 'he is. just as strongin the Democratic strongholds. Thenomination of Governor Black hastest a damper over all thoughtfulRepuiieans, who realize that thechances to elect Morrow are vanishing into thin air.PARIS BOY MAKES GOODIt will be gratifying news to themany friends in this city of Mr. EliFriedman, to know that he has "madegood" in his new position, that ofchemist with the Federal Rubber Co.,at Milwaukee, Wis. Letter from Mr.Friedman stated that officials of thecompany have expressed themselvesas being highly pleased with hiswork.Mr. Friedman is a graduate of thedepartment of chemistry at the University of Kentucky, and was one ofseven who graduated with highesthonors in a class of one hundred.He is a graduate of the Paris HighSchool, class of 14, and the University of Cincinnati.XOTICE TO OPERATORS OF THtfBABCOCKTEST,Under the authority vested in thedirector of the Kentucky Agricultural Experiment Station by theKentucky Creamery and Tester'sLicense Law, Chapter 57, of the Actsof the General Assembly of 1918, alloperators of the Babcock test for butter lat'are hereby required to holda portion, consisting of at least oneounce, taken from each and everysample of cream before it is tested,for a period of 24 hours after thetests are made, the samples so takenon Saturdays to be held until the' following Monday. These samples ofcram are to be kept in skmple jarswiththe lid securely fastened, andare to be delivered to the inspectorwbem he oalls for them, together withtie ttpe roord)f same, -government for the Federal War Tax,the Excess Profits Tax, tne lioeriyLoan Bonds and the bonds of matrimony; in the State of Missouri fort, aoo, tav tliA hierhwav tax. theincome tax, surtax, the auto tax,school tax, cat tax, dog tax and syntax. I have been held down to brasstacks by every society and organization that the mind of man can inventto attract what you have or may nothave from the Society of John theBaptist, the G. A. R., the woman'srelief corps, the men's relief, thewifeless, the husbandless, the childless, the conscienceless, the navyleague, the Belgian baby league, theRed Cross, the green cross, thedouble' cross, and every other crossof all- colors -and by the . children'shome, the Dorcas Society, the varioushospitals, including the lying-in hospital, the lying-out hospital,, as wenas some lying institutions."Mv business has decreased in volume, owing to the fact that goods Iam selling fiave been restricted inoutput by the government, and because I will not sell all that I naveand go to beg, borrow and steal, Ihave been cussed and discussed, boycotted, talked about, lied to and liedabout helped up, hung-up, robbedand nearly ruined and the only reason I ant .clinging to life is my curiosity to see what in the h 1 is com-ingnext.", a -W. C. T. XT. SAYS "NO ANTI-TO-'BACCOCAMPAIGN."That the W. C. T. U. is hot engagedin a campaign nor at the present-timecontemplates a campaign tor a constitutional amendment for the prohibition of the manufacture and use oftobacco, was stated in a letter fromMiss Anna A. Gordon, of Evanston,111., president of the National W. C.T. U., received Tuesday by Mrs.Frances E. Beauchamp, president ofthe Kentucky W. C. T. U.A widely circulated article recentlyfncorrectily quoted Miss Gordon asstating that the Union "had begun"the campaign against tobacco, themistake being caused by the omissionof the word "not," her correct statement being that given above, Mrs.Beauchamp said.Mrs. Beauchamp said that whileth,e Union would like to see parentsall over the nation work to preventinjury to young boys by smokingcigarettes, no movement was on footlooking toward a constitutionalamendment against tobacco at present, and as far as she knew had neverbeen officially discussed within theUnion.- i , )' J .- oLieut. John M. Casey, accompaniedby Mrs. Casey, is a guest of hisgrandmother, Mrs. Bettie Mcllvaine,on High street. Lieut. Casey received his commission in the servicein July, 1917, and was assigned tospecial service. Before ttie signingof the armistice he was an inspectorof remounts for the American Expeditionary Forces, and shortly afterthe conclusion of the fighting wastransferred as aide-de-camp to GenBockenback, stationed at Base Section No. 1, St. Mazare, France. Hehas recently returned to America,and has been stationed at Washington, D. C.THE NEWS has received a copy ofthe special edition of the San Francisco, Cali., Bulletin, sent by Ben K.Leach, of Paris, who is a "gob" onboard the U. S. S. Montana. TheMontana is with the big UnitedStates fleet now cruising in the Pacific. On the occasion of the visitof the fleet to San Francisco, TheBulletin issued a special "WelcomeGobs!" edition, turning over the entire city to the sailors of the fleet,who were not slow, according to reports, in taking advantage of theinvitation. The edition is printedin colors, with half-tone illustrationsand cartoons, all showing a desire tomake the sailor lads feel sure of ahearty welcome to the city by theGolden Gate. , , v--.f5.aitnn.-Mr. and Mrs. Thos. Bowles, of Miilersburg, received a message statingthat their son, Hospital Mate WallaceBowles, had arrived in New York,and would soon return home. Bowleswas with the Second Division inFrance. After taking part in thebig parade in New York he was sentto Quantico, Va., .where he will bedischarged from the service. YoungBowles joined the Naval HospitalCorps in the early days of the war,and after a period of training, wassent to the Marine Recruit Depot ftParis Island. S. C. He went overseasin July, 1918, and participated inall the battles with the famous "DevilDog Division." His brother, HughBowles, is also expected to returnhome soon. He entered the serviceDecember, 1917, and has beeninstationed at the submarine base atNew London, Conn.NERVY WOMAN PREVENTS SERI' OTJS CONFLAGRATIONA fire, which, it if had gainedheadway, would have resulted ingreat property loss, wag discoveredand extinguished Tuesday afternoonby Mrs. N. B. Collins.In passing by fEe Hutchcraft warehouse, at the corner of Seventhstreet and Houston avenue, Mrs. Collins noticed a brisk blaze on the sideof the building, which had probablybeen caused by a lighted cigar orcigarette carelessly thrown there.Summoning some of the women inthe vicinity, Mrs. Collins, with theirassistance, extinguished the flames.She was warmly congratulated bythe firemen when they arrived, theydeclaring that a serious fire had beenaverted by her quick action.I o, B-4 f IRE .Insure withW.O.HINTON &SON,Agts-o -FIRE DRIVES SEVENTY GUESTSPROM LAGRANGE HOTEL.Fire Tuesday night destroyed theRoyal Inn Hotel, at Lagrange, Ky.,which was built in 1913 by J. WoodYager, of Louisville, at a cost of$20,000. There was $6,000 insurance on the building. Seventyguests in the hotel were driven out" flames while they were at theirevening" .meal. " r ";"A . 0 . "w -Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas Woodford & BryanoGET W WHILE IT'S HOT GENU! INE PALM BEACH SUITS'G-enuine Palm Beach Suits, $8to $12. - ,Straw Hats, $1 to $6. ,White Shoes, $2 to $5.Save money and keep cool.L.'WOLLSTEIN, .(8-tf) 619 Main Street)COME ON, BOYS, GET BUSY!LOUISVILLE HOTELRATES.TO. RAISEThe Seelbachs announce that hotelrates will be raised 12 per cent, inLouisville because of prohibition.They say they are losing moneysince the bars went out of fashionand are compelled to this course tobreak even. With the rates higherthan a cat's back before, people whohave not a gold mine will have tocarry their -eatings when they go tothat city and sit up all night if required to stay. The Lexington hotelshave not and, it is said, will not raisetates, satisfied to take all a man hasany way. kO . ;It tikes more time now to pay theluxury, tax than it does to select a'suit of clothes. . .. . -" ,LIST YOUR PROPERTY NOW.SAVE PENALTY.Come in and list your property today, the time limit isnear when a penalty will go on.The law requires you to cometo our office In the CourtHouse. Do it NOW.WALTER CLARK, .Tax Commissioner.JNO. J. REDMON,Deputy.(aug8-tf) ; ,WIFE tF CARNIVAL MANAGER. LOSES SUM OF $3,000.At Winchester, Monday night,Mrs. Sam Kaplan, wife of the manager of the Kaplan Carnival Co.,which is playing a week's engagement there, reported to the policethe loss of her purse, containing thesum; of $3,000 in cash, which she hadleft in the private car in a handbag.No trace of the thief has yet beenfound. The theft was discovered,when Kaplan and his. wife returnedto the car from the Brown-ProctoriaHotel, where they had-: been to supper. News of the theft was wiredto all "surrounding, towns, and theParis police were warned to be onthe lookout for anyone having a surplus oJ cashin their 'possession.'"The primary is now over and thestandard-bearers for the Democraticparty in the November election havebeen named, so it is now time for theDemocrats to .get busy if they wantto win .the State election this fall.They believe they already have therace won, but they are doomed fordefeat if the Democrats wake up asKentucky is a really DemocraticState. We must quit fighting Democrats and start to fighting the Republicans, and from a long experience we must know the Republicansare good fighters. So, come on,Democrats, let's get together and winthe flglU in November,ALLSUMMERsDRESSESFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSAutomobile Delivery! SPECIAL SALE I1RnDetroit Jewel Stoves, Ranges 1and FurnacesMr. S. E. Guinn, of the Detroit StoveWorks, is with us for a few daysCome in and let him explain to youthe remarkable performances of theJewel Pipeless Furnace and Combination Coal and Gas Ranges.GET A JEWELAND SAVE FUEL :T. W. SPICER1 314 Main St.Paris, KentuckyfESBESmnEE8-i?tniit-"4i.LHTnNOTICE !TO THE VOTERS- OF BOURBONCOUNTY, KY.:Pursuant to an order of the Bourbtfn County Fiscal Court, and to Section ' 1407a, Kentucky - Stattites,'notice is hereby given to the' votersof Bourbon county, Ky., tliatf JohnT. Covins, Catesby Spears, Sam Clayand Sam p6uston; have been apppib,ted by' tne Bourbon County FiscalCourt,, Commissioners for the purposeof handling and -expending the proceeds of bonds, in the event '''the$50000.00 bond issue, which is tobe voted on September 6, 1919,' isapproved and carried by th,e voters ofBourbon County.. APEARCE;PATrON,Clerkourbon County Fiscal ' Court.(tdXThe JL L Hintoh Co.UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMMRSParis Ky.Mainand SixthStreetsDay phone 36Nlsrht s . . 56or Home2S6 XMotor equipment.1 Ambulance calls promptly attended to with our JLimousine invalid coach.Hearst .used for funeral purposes ortfy.aeaaaaajaiBaaaaTTy't - ,, t paaaava1 V K,, ?vVp.v ftX "A3-y.L. fc.mo'yAirj-tKV-V '-Tf1-JWt'- rl-,!.35&-"TV"'IMIMIIIIIinillllMIIMIIMJIlllMlllllllllfnUlz.-JC ifI..f '"ftj?Agi mrTHE BOTJUBOK "HEWS, -PAKB, JULAXtHiJLfFRIDAY, -AUGUST 15, 1919fOHWv"-iiSi-,jJFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSESOCIAL AM) PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andx ElsewKere.HAIL INSURANCE.Tobacco haiE insurance.McCIure & Donaldson.june24-tf). rPEACHES FOR PRESERVINGBetter get your peaches for preserving while you can. At present,we have them. Buy now or paymore later.(It) c. ?' vjuuiv & i;u.. oOSCAR JOHNSON GRANTED STAYOP1 EXECUTION.' ; ;In the case of Oscar Johnson, under sentence of death for the murderof Walter Rice, in this city, severalyears ago, the Court of Appeals hasgranted a stay of execution pendinga decision on the application for aoew trial to be held during the fallterm of the court.SERV-US HIGH-GRADE LAUNDRYSOAPIs the most popular laundry soapin Kentucky, because it is the bestand purest laundry soap on the market and the price, like all Serv-Usgoods, is lower than our competitors.(It) POWER GROCERY CO.oJUST IN POR YOUR CHOOSING.Despite difficulty in securing desirable English woolens, we areshowing a very comprehensive linein our tailoring department and urgean early selection.. , J. W. DAVIS & CO.LOOKING POR LOCATIONWith a view to establishing a firstclass bakery and confectionery inthis city, Lexington people have beenin Paris recently prospecting for asuitable location for the business.They visited a number of prominentreal estate men and inspected a number of business places with a view toascertaining their fitness for the purpose. It is said that if a suitableplace can be obtained contracts willbe closed in a few days and that theinstallation of the plant will soon follow. -oACCIDENT WAS UNAVOIDABLEAt Winchester the Coroner's juryin the case of Col. Wm. Vermillion,charged with causing' the death ofMr. Ben Scott, Friday afternoon, heldthat the accident was unavoidable.Mr. Scott was crossing the streetwhen he was run down by Col. Vermillion's auto, death resulting almostinstantly, his neck being broken.The members of the jury were 0.D. Thompson, Wesley Brandenburg,Wm. Caskie and J. W. Swope. Thedead man was a half-brother of Mrs.George C. Thompson, Sr.; of Paris.. . oAT THE PARIS GRAND AND THEALAMO THEATRE.Messrs. Lee Stephenson and Kelly Haley are members of a camping party at Verdin, Ky.Mrs. Roy Harris and Miss JessieBeasley, of near Paris, are visitingMrs. Boone Phillips, at Maysville.Mrs. William R. Stipp and son's,William and J. B. Stipp, are visitingMrs. Stipp's parents, Mr. and Mrs.Boone, at Frankfort.: -Mfsse Virginia and Viola Downing; have returned to their home inCincinnati after a visit to Mrs. Richard Butler, near Paris.Mrs. M. C. Browning has returned from a month's visit to her sister,Mrs. J. A. Fitzgerald, at her summerhomev, on thie Jersey coast.Mrs. Wm.- Keney has returnedto Her home in this city from an extended visit to friends and relativesin Versailles and Woodford county.Mrs. Newt. Myers, of Carlisle,was a guest several days this week ofher mother, Mr. J. C. Fightmaster,and Mr. Fightmaster, on Walker ave-tnue.Advices from Mrs. Annie Elgin,who is at the bedside of her son, Mr.Jos. Elgin, at Aberdeen, Md., statethat he is at the point of death fromtuberculosis.Latonia Cor. Cincinnati TimesStar: "Mrs. W. B. Newman, of Jefferson Place, is visiting friends in'Paris. .-. .Mrs. B. B. Floyd, ofHuntington avenue, has as her guestMrs. Kash, of Paris."' Mrs. Snell Moore, of Lexington,and his sister, Miss Kittie Ewalt, ofShawhan, accompanied by their aunt,Mrs. A. T. Crawford, of Louisville,left" last night for Colorado Springs,Colo., for an extended stay.Dr. and Mrs. Lee Redmon, ofLexington, and John Nichols, whohas lately returned from France,where he was a member of the A.E. F., were recent guests of Mr. andMrs. R. S. Darnaby, near this city.The Crab Orchard Springs correspondence of the Stanford InteriorJournal says: "Misses Nadine, Maryand Alice McCIure, accompanied byMr. Hanley and Miss Jeanette N.apier, have returned from a visit tofriends in Paris."Among the recent arrivals reported at Crab Orchard Springs arethe following from Paris: Walter L.Martin, Perry J. Cook, Mrs. C. L.Steenbergen and daughter, MissFrances Ann, Mrs. Sam Willis, Mr.and Mrs. John Lair, William MooreLair, Mr. , and Mrs. Logan Howardand daughter, Miss Susan.Flemingsburg Times-Democrat:"Mrs. Lutie Nute Turner went toParis, Monday morning, after spend-some time with relatives andMesdames Hiram Roseberry, Woodford Daniel and John Yerkes.Mr. and Mrs. William Scott arevisiting relatives in Carlisle.Miss Lucinda Pattonhas returned from a visit to relatives in Carlisle.: "- HE "J:;-i;-iiXMXBWX-To-day Friday, August 15 Chas.W, inV"Greased Lightning;" RuthRoland, 4in "The Tiger's Tall.To-morrow. Saturday, August 16Rex Beach's thrilling mystery playt"The Crimson Gardenia;" Mr. andMrs. Carter DeHaven, in the uproarrious comedy, "In a Pince;" GeorgeLarkin, in "The Terror of TheRange."At The Alamo, Monday afternoon and evening, August 18 LilaLee, in "A Daughter of The Wolf;"Burton Holmes Travel Pictures; AtThe Grand Opera House The Fillinjfriends here Capt. Robert A. Har-beson came down from Bourbon couney Monday for a visit. . . .W. M. Carpenter has returned from a visit tofriends and relatives in Bourboncounty."Mrs. Charles Fisher, of nearParis, celebrated her fifjtjeth birthday anniversary with a dinner partyat which her two brothers, J, A. Am-merman and Mrs. Ammernian, uMrs. Perry J. McCord is visitingher sister, Mrs. J.ff H. Flora, atCowan.Mr. and Mrs. L. T. Redmon andfamily are visiting friends in Boonecounty.Misses Ruth and Mabel Soperhave gone to Dawson Springs for atwo-jweeks' stay..' Mrs, J. W. Snedegar, of Owings-ville, is a guest of Mrs. Samuel Williams, near Paris.Miss Patsy Clark's guest, MissWillie Lee Clark, has returned toher home in Lexington.Mr. and Mrs. Granville Dentonhave returned from a visit to friendsand relatives in Owingsville.Miss Gladys Herrin has as guestat her home on South Main streetMiss Ruth Barkley, of Georgetown.Mr. Robert L. Hughes, of Covington, is visiting his parents, Mr.and Mrs. W. R. Hughes, this week.Misses Willie and Louise Fisherare spending two weeks with theirsister, Mrs. Determan, in Cincinnati.Miss Ruth Beall has returned toher home in Winchester from a visitto Mr. and Mrs. Clay Sutherland, inthis city.tMrs. James R. Stivers is at thebedside of his sister, Miss Hattie McDowell, who is very ill at her homein Mt. Olivet.Mr. L. A. Soper left Tuesdayfor an extended business trip toArtesia, Miss., where he has largefarming interests.Lieutenant Richard D. Worrell,of Mexico, Missouri, and Mr. JamesWorrell, of Columbus, Ohio, have returned to their homes, after a visitto Mr. and Mrs. C. N. Martin, onHigh street.Mr. WNeal, W. F. Tune and V.M. Swinford, of Carlisle, were visitors here Tuesday, attending a meeting of the Board of Directors of theLane Oil Company. Other Paris visitors from the Capital of the State ofNicholas were Homer Bryson, J. W.Harrison and Jos. Harrison.--Misses Lena and Carrie Roseentertained with a picnic and swimming party Tuesday in honor oftheir guests, Misses Anna May Pickering, of Marion, Indiana, and Flosrsie Staggs, of Huntington, West Va.The event was followed by a theatreparty at The Grand Opera House.CLEARING SALEON OUR ENTIRE STOCKIXII. a -iRead V-to -WearSuitsCoatsDresses .Capes, Dolmans,Skirts and Millinery31Kr:a"4r1Imm1-Mr. A. R. Johns, Paris' artistic!photographer, returned yesterdayfrom Cedar Point, Ohio, where he hasbeen attending the annual meeting ofthe National Association of Photographers, of which, he is a member.During has stay Mr. Johns visited amimhor nf nlnrPR nf intprpst. in thetheir children, Ernest and Harctfd J East, and reports a most enjoyabletrip. 'HARRY SIMONX11M(Other Personals on Page 3.)Ammerman, of Lexington, and Mr.and Mrs. George Ammerman anddaughter. Miss Georgia Ammerman,of. Fort Worth, Texas, were present.' The Cvnt'hiana Democrat says:"Friends here will regret to know ithat. Mr. and Mrs. H. C. Wilson, wnovinvt hPPn Hvinfr on Wilson avenue international Harvester Co. Haysince selliffg tneir iarm; comem- press, size iyxzz, ra guou wuumuu.Tiint rpmovine: from the city at an H. M. LEVI,For Salejtparlr date. -They have purchasedproperty in Paris, where they expect to reside in the future. Theyare excellent citizens that Cynthianacan ill afford to lose."The following Bourbon countypeople are at' Martinsville, Indiana,pino Serenaders, in "A Night In The j for an extended stay: Mr. Charles P.Philippines.ten- iREDUCE THE SIGH COST AND INCREASE THE PLEASUREOP LIVING.U5-3t)Cynthiana, Ky.Phone, 51-7R.Mann, Mr. and Mrs. John W. Jonesand daughter. Miss Emily CatherineMeng, Mrs. Edward Allen, Mrs. John JJ. Redmon, Mrs. H. S. Redmon andMiss Mildred Collins. Mrs. John T.Collins and Mrs. Thos. Helm Clayaccompanied the party as far as Cin-. TA "OvA . a!By using Serv-US .rure rouu " cmnau. .ducts. Start to-aay anu ", M Mrs Frea AU uicm-... i .n Twstr. M3 TNT'iT-trSon. ami cniiaren, jam aim .jSouthdown Rams ForSale!I have a few choice Rams for Saleby premium ram.A. S. THOMPSON,Home Phone 327 (Paris Ex.)(augl5-3t)hir-h miflHtv and lower price.(It) POWER GROCERY CO.THE BEST INSURANCEInsure your tobacco Stt thebarn against Fire and Windstorm windstorm withYEfcKES & PEED,Farmers & Traders Bank.(augl5-tf)MEETBfe OF DIRECTORS OE ODDBELLOWS HOME.Mayor E. B. January, of Paris, wasin Lexin-ten, Wednesday, attendingthe regular meeting of the Board orDirectors of the Odd Fellows' Home.'The sessions were held at the Home,the purpose being to inspect conditions there and to make plans. for,the coming year. Their sugg'estionswill be embodied in recommendationsto be placed before the Grand L9dgeI. O. F., at the next meeting. v -Those attending the .meeting were:President, James Dentbn, of Somerset; the grand secretary, R. G: Elliott, of Lexington; chairman of theboard o -control, J. 'H Smith, of Lexington;. J. R. Haley, Lexington; E. B.January; Paris; Judge J. M. Benton,'Winchester; Julian Yeager,, Lagrange ;James Householder, Padu-wiiihhison. of Miami, Florida, wnohnvp been SDending some time in thisvicinity as guests, of friends, havegone to Detroit, Mich., from wherethey will go on a trip taking inpoints of interest in the vicinity,Mrs. Hutchison was formerly MissTJntiP Andrews, of Pine Bluff, Arkansas, and spent some time at theMillersburg Female College as a student. After finishing there shetaught in the college for some timeand was a great favorite.Mrs. Douelas Clay entertained atthe home of Mr. and Mrs. Frank M.oiav. in East Paris, with a deligtfulbridge party. The rooms were beautifully decorated with baskets andvases of golden glow. The prize .forthe highest score, a bed-side carafeand glass,-was awarded. to Miss MaryAdams Talbott, and the consolationri7P. a box of dainty sachets, fell to-f - xthe lot of .MiSSr Biizaoetn iarr. al'thc-conclusion- of of the games a delicious lunch of chicken saiaa, Deawnbiscuit, tomato sandwicnes, oaKeapgars and ices, w.a& served .the followir oiiPRts'. Misses Maay Adams Talbott' Edith sind MargaTet , Shive,(Decatur Aia.,; m lu f ,Nancy Griffith, Willie Lee ClarkeT.artTiWnnV Patsv Clark, CharlotteHenry, Agnes Turner, Rachel Wig-JMiss E. D. Giltner,Instruction in Piano, Violin, Har-mony and Theory.Torm ViPfHns Mondav. SeDtember 8, i1919.Studio, 227 Seventh Street, Paris,Ky. E. Tenn. Phone 527.(15-22-29-sept.-l)111g"- ' . -xi 1 I " l : ft ' & JLW" . ' .''.lrP--lSOx,ii alli --' si - if imES -'-' I-Public Renting ofLand !I will rent my farm of about 421acres of land, situated on the Ruddles Mills pike, 3 miles from Paris,Ky., to the highest bidder in front ofthe Court House, in Paris, Ky., onSaturday, August 30,AT 2:30 P. HImprovements consist of a nicenew cottage of seven rooms, threetenant houses, five barns, good tencing, dnd good water for all purposes.Call at. 812 Pleasant Street, or Cumberland Phone 953, for particulars.. G. C. THOMPSON.Paris, Kentucky.Mr. and Mrs. HomeloVer:A sanitary Refrigerator means a HezALTHYfamily.We haVe just recived a late shipment of- xgrnge;Umes Householder, Padu- Henry. Agnes Turner, . , A.tntMrSn. n-i.J..,WPotter, .BowUngju, .Sar'U16er-3eabrd Mary M Kenney, Auctkmeer.i,i xrfr.itnriff TCatherme Wilson (19-4t)Green.Allen Hutchcraft, Katherine Wilson,GibsonPorcelain LinedRefrigerators4?V v. ;D,on't you want one?""t "7 VTHE J. T. HINTON CO.EITHERPHONE 3 PARIS, KENTUCKY SIXTH AKD MAINMotor Hearse Motor Invalid Coach Undortakkis-I-- 71I: '-fcfcf'.t-"vi. vM" ' 4&. FRIDAT2 AUGUST If, If 1 -THE BOTOBOH- HEWS,. PiBISEmUjCCT; ?.SBPpriBi'ximgish'-tu'i ;iMJisMMIMMBgSSgggggSSS .H .IT'S NOT YOUR HEARTIT'S YOUR KIDNEYSSidney disease ii no respecter of persons. A majority of the Ills afflictingpeople today can be traced back tokidney trouble.The kidneys are the most Importantrgans of the body. They are theSlterers, the purifiers, of your blood.KMney disease is usually indicated bywellness, sleeplessness, nervousness,Awpondency, backache, stomach trouMe, pain in loins and lower abdomen,Cll stones, gravel, rheumatism, sciaticaAd lumbago.All these derangements are nature'salgnals to warn you that the kidneysaeed help. You should use GOLDMEDAL, Haarlem Oil Capsules Immediately. The soothingr, healing oil stimulates the kidneys relieves inflammations and destroys the germs whichhave caused it. Bo not wait until tomorrow. Go to your druggist today andinsist on GOLD MEDAX. Haarlem OilCapsules. In twenty-four hours youshould feel health and vigor returningand will bless the day you first heardof GOLD MEDAL Haarlem 0l.After you feel that you have curedyourself, continue to take one or twocapsules each day, so as to keep infirst-class condition and ward off thedanger of other attacks.Ask for the original imported GOLDMEDAL brand. Three size3. Money refunded If they do not help you.THOROUGHBRED ASSOCIATIONWANTS TWO BIG CANADIANTRACKS.The Thoroghbred Horsemen's Association, which, virtually dictated thecontrol of the three trades in Kentucky, is spreading its influence toother big racing centers of the coun' try.The association has obtained control of the majority of two of Canada's big mile tracks, DevonshirePark, opposite Detroit, and Dorval,the big racing plant at Montreal.The deal for the Devonshire track issaid to have been completed and thefirst payment of $35,000 made. Itwas the last mile track built inCanada. According to reports therewill be a revolution in the conduct ofrace courses, if the sales are made.It is said that while the controlling interest in the tracks will be held, "by the horsemen's association, the' stock will be distributed as has beendone by the organization in Kentucky. Marylanders will be offeredstock in the Havre de Grace trackand stock in the Devonshire and DorTal will beCanadians.at the disposal of theUNITED STATES WILL SELL FOODBY HAIL.According to an official notice received here by Postmaster J. WalterPayne, householders may purchasefoodstuffs through the mails, begining August 18.The Pnstoffice Department on rec-ommendation of the Interstate Commerce Commission, has raised theparcel post limit from seventy to onehundred and twenty-five pounds inorder that householders will be ableto order food by parcel post directfrom the army zone headquarters atChicago. The War Department andInterstate Commerce Commission, arecollaborating on a plan that will enable householders to reduce thecost of necessities of life. A scheduleof rates will be given to the Postmaster, who will take orders for food.Payment and postage will be collected in advance. Small orders will beheld until they can be combined inone case of goods.-o-..........--LEMON JUICE- -WHY PEOPLE BUY RAT-SNAP INPREFERENCE TO RAT POISON(1) RAT-SNAP absolutely killsrats and mice. (2) What it doesn'tkill it scares away. (3) Rats killedwith RAT-SNAP leave no smell, theydry up inside. (4) Made in cakes,no mixing with other food. (5) Cats lor dogs won't touch it. Three sizes, I25c, $50c, $1.00.Sold and guaranteed by The Farmers Supply Co. (adv aug)oAPPOINTMENT OF CENSUS SU-Girls!Hif. TAKES OFF TANMake bleaching lotionskin is sunburned,tanned or freckled......-PERVISORS.The Secretary of Commerce, uponthe recommendation of the Directorof the Census, has appointed Joseph"W- Morris, of Newcastle, Henrycounty, as supervisior of census forthe Seventh District of Kentucky,comprising the counties of Bourbon,Clark, Estill, Fayette, Franklin,Henry, Lee, Oldham, Owen, Powell,Scott and "Woodford. The appointments for the remaining districts, exceut the First, have already been announced, and that for the First willbe made public at an early date.oA GREAT REMEDY.The merits of Chamberlain's Colicand Diarrhoea Remedy are wellknown and appreciated, but there isoccasionally a man who had no acquaintance with them and. shouldread the following by F. H. Dear, ahotel man at Dupuyer, Mont. "Fouryears ago I used Chamberlain's Colicand Diarrhoea Remedy with suchwonderful results that I have sincerecommended it to my friends."(adv-aug)oTHINGS TO WORRY ABOUT.Investigators of the Evening Worldstunned New York City last weekwith absolute proof that poison drugsand patent medicines containing 25per cent or more alcohol were soldfrom East Side push carts in theheart of New York to be exact, inTimes Square. One investigatorbought a patent medicine containing50 per cent alcohol in front of a former cafe closed because it could notmake ends meet selling 2.75 per cent,beer. One push cart, ostensiblycelling oranges, sold $320 worth ofdrugs in an hour.Snueeze the iuice of two lemons'(into a bottle containing three ouncesof Orchard White, shake well, andyou have a quarter pint of the bestfreckle, sunburn and tan lotion, andcomplexion beautifier, at very, verysmall cost.Your grocer has the lemons andany drug store or toilet counter willsupply three ounces of OrchardWhite for a few cents. Massage thissweetly fragrant lotion into the face,neck, arms and hands each day andsee how freckles, sunburn, windburnand tan disappear and how clear,soft and white the skin becomes.!Yes! It is harmless.(adv-F)oAN OLD FAULT FINDER.An irritable and fault finding disposition is often caused by indigestion. A man with good digestion andbowels that act regularly is usuallygood natured. When troubled withindigestion or constipation takeChamberlain's Tablets. Theystrengthen the stomach and enable itto perform its functions naturally.They also cause a gentle movement ofthe bowels.(adv-aug)CHRISTIAN ENDEAVORSDORSE THRIFT.ENThe attitude of church organizations toward the movement for thriftand savings is exemplified in a resolution adopted recently by the Christian Endeavor Union of -California.The resolution authorized the Citizenship Department to co-operatewith the California Savings eflicialsto make the 1919 thrift movement asuccess. The resolution follows:"Be it recommended by the California Christian Endeavor Union that itfully endorse andjirge that, as essential to character formation, to thewelfare of the American people, andto the promotion of a national habit,the practice of the national programof thrift instruction, the organization of savings societies and the saleof Thrift Stamps and Savings,Stampsbecome a part of public procedure;and that the Citizenship Departmentof the California Christian Endeavorf Union be named to co-operate witheach State division of the War Savings Organization for California toward making the government plan of1919 a success."oMR. VAUGHN. FARMER, TELLSHOW HE LOST ALL HIS' PRIZE SEED CORN.Some time ago I sent away forsome pedigreed seed corn. Put it ina gunney sack and hung it on a ropesuspended from roof. Rats got it allhow, beats me, but they did, because I got 5 dead whoopers in themorning after trying RAT-SNAP."Three sizes, 25c, 50c, $1.00.Sold and guaranteed by The Farmers Supply Co. (adv aug)o" RAILROAD RATES REDUCED.HOISTEIN BREEDERS MEETThe annual meeting of the Kentucky Holstein Breeders Association,was fceld at Coldstream Farm, nearIexington, August 5. A large crowdattended this out-of-door affair wherethe $100,000 herd bull was the center of attraction. The speakers wereD. D. Aitkin, Flint, Mich., presidentof the American Holstein Association,J. W. Newman, Versailles, FredJField, Montlcello, Mass., and J. J.Hooper, of the College of Agriculture.' ZZZZT"ITHE BEST PHYSICWhe you want a pleasant physictry Chamberlain's Tablets. They areeasy to take and mild .and-gentle ineffect. They are highly prized bypeofle who haye became acquaintedwiik their good qualities. They "onlycot a tuarttr.To the prospective visitor to theKentucky State Fair, of .September 8to 13, 1919, the glad tidings is madeknown that the State Fair management has secured from the SouthernPassenger Traffic Committee a specialrailroad excursion rate, as follows:One and one-half fare will becharged for the round trip where thefare amounts to 25 cents or more,and transportation will bevmade onthis basis from all stations in Kentucky, and from Cincinnati, O., andJellico, Tenn. Tickets will be soldfrom September 6 to 12 inclusive,and for trains which are scheduledto arrive in Louisville before noon ofSeptember 13, with a final limit ofSeptember 15.KENTUCKY CROP REPORT ISSUEDAUGUST 7.The objection of buying coal nowis'tbatorieprobably will have Jt allburned before winter comes. vThe very wet weather in thespring retarding planting of cornand other crops followed by weeksof extremely dry weather, has madea very unfavorable season for thefarmer.Early corn has suffered much damage, especially on the uplands, ashave gardens and pastures also.Rains in many localities havebrought relief and will aid all crops.Wheat did not come up to expectations. The State average is givenat 11 bushels per acre, running invarious sections from 9 bushels to 14bushels as sectional average. This is3.9 bushels less than last month'sestimate. In some localities it is reported as threshing exceptionallyThis average is one bushel per acreless than last year.On a preliminary estimate, rye isaveraging a yield of -11 bushels peracre; while oats is averaging 20bushels per acre, which is 2 bushels per acre less than last year's estimate. HThe outlook for the corn crop is fora short one, owing to the excessivehot, dry weather. Corn on the lowlands has not suffered to the extentthat corn on the ridges has. Thewestern and northwestern parts ofState show the greatest damage fromdrouth.Great stress is laid upon the needof copious rains during this month,in order to bring crops up to anything like normal.Corn acreage shows at 91 per cent,while condition is given at 74 percent. This is 20 per cent lower incondition than has been given forseveral years, and would indicate anexceptionally short crop of corn.Burley tobacco shows an acreage of93 per cent, while condition is givenat 81 per cent, which is a slight improvement over last month's condition. Dark tobacco acreage is given at91 per cent, and condition 75 percent, indicating the hardship thedrouth has worked upon this crop.A very uneven stand of tobacco isreported.Condition of hay is 92 per cent,with an estimated yield of 1.5 tonsper acre. Some hay was lost owingto the excessive prices demanded forfarm labor and shortage of help during the time of harvest.Condition of alfalfa is given at 84per cent, and it is estimated the yieldof the second cutting will averageone ton per acre.Soy beans acreage is 87 per cent,which is a slight increase over lastyear. Condition is given at 93 percent.Cow peas acreage shows at 80 percent, which is 4 per cent less thanlast year, and the condition shows 80per cent.Only eleven counties report anybuckwheat acreage, which as awhole is given at 91 per cent. Russell county shows the greatest increase as compared with the acreageof last year.Broam corn acreage is 82 per cent,and condition is 80 per cent.Hemp is reported from but fourcounties, showing an acreage of 60per cent, and condition of 75 percent.Sorghum is almost a failure.Condition of fruits is given at 56per cent, while melons show at 69.Condition of potatoes shows at 72per cent, and the estimated acreageof the second crop is but 74 percent, which is but a slight increaseon the second crop over last year.Sweet potato acreage shows at 89per cent, with condition at 85 percent.Garden conditions are given at 74per cent.Live stock is reported in fairlygood condition, with the exception ofscarcity of stock water in some sections. Pastures show a condition of 80per cent.Taken as a whole, the report wouldindicate that without continued rainthis month crop conditions are exceptionally low.It is to be hoped that with seasonable weather for the next few weeksthe outcome in crop conditions willbe improved over the indications asAugust 1st.MAT S. COHEN,Commissioner of Agriculture.cKENTUCKY FAIRS.'Following is a list of the Kentuckyfairs and their dates so far as havebeen reported to us:September 8 Kentucky State Fair,Louisville, 6 days.August 12 Fern Creek, 4 days.August 13 Perry ville, 3 days.August 13 Mt. Vernon, 3 days.August 18 Lawrenceburg, 5 days.August 19 Shepherdsville, 4 days.August 20-KLiberty, 3 days.August 20 Broadhead, 3 days.August 26 Hopkinsville, 5 days.'August 21 Ewing, 3 days.August 27 Florence, 4 days.September 1 Blue Grass Fair,Lexington, 6 days.September 2 Hodgenville, 3 days.September 2 Bowling Green, 5nays.September 2 Somerset, 4 days.BfcrwH'iii. isiiSjjS. . aL- WBmXfBod rymrtea fOjeertlfET some today!- You're going tocall Lucky Strikesjust right. BecauseLucky Strike cigarettes give you thegood, wholesomeflavor of toastedBurley tobacco,? Guaranteed byit .u . o.oastedtI ; R U G G L E S :,j 16 Bank Row, Paris, Ky. ; "' LII$100 PRIZE FOR BEST STOCKJUDGING AT STATE PAIRThe farm boys of the State andtbe students in the AgriculturalCollege are invited to enter the stockjudging contest at the State Fair,where $100 will be given to theyoung man weo show the best ability in judging horses, cattle, hogsand sheep.Application should be made now tothe Secretary Kentucky State Fair,Republic Building, Louisville, Ky.,to enter the contest.RATS DIE!A 8twtr Went Forth to Sew.Said the facetious feller, "When atriegito sew a bBttonipn a coat hegenerally makes if appear as if hewere sewing the coat on the button."Ice cream Js staxable. at jtne soda1 fountain whether the consumer takesa seat or stands at the corner.so do mice, once they eat RATSNAP. And they leave no odor behind. Don't 'take our, wordtfou ittry a package. Cats and dogs won'ttouch it. Rats pass upalltfood toget RAT-SNAP. Three sizes.25c. size (1 cake) enough forPantry, Kitchen orjCellar. , --50c. size (2 cakes) 'f0E Chicken.House, coops, or small buildings. ,$L00 size (5 cakes) enough forall! farm sand, out-buildings,bujlding, orfactpryUiuildings. y"Sold and 9 , .DageETAOIN AONNSold and Guaranteed by FarmersSupply Co. (8-4tF)'GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, KyIK!IXJThe Home Telephone Your ServantFor Only a Few Cents Per Dayalwayf dSSfdaV? g"an.: He is polite, intelligent, willingx111!1 patantly Present to you tle grocer, butcner,. baker or W ofthe trades-folks, or the doctor, fire department or police In emarcJHe will go far beyond the confines of the town and brine to von iiamazingly short time a member of the family or one of your sroofl nrnfpective customers. 6 u VAUaHe will summons the railroad, boat or theatre ticket in a few qonds. oovAnd as to wages, he will only cost you In residence from 6 to 8c uavday; in place of, business from 10 to 12c per day. .Plari Home Telephone & TefegrahComfxinyv (Incorp orte4) i . . njT-1 J.,.Vetdf, -Dwfiicst -Jfiwwer: " -' l ' W.'-HrCtMW, Xatf &"JV,1l". Vt-? iyLH WFRIDAY, AUGUST 15, 1919THE BOTTRBOH HEWS, .PAJOS,- KEHTtTCTnTPiCT' urar97flOM CflERRY-BLOSSOM LANDThe Japanese Gi?e Good Exampleit is a oroverh of CherryBlossom Landthat beauty offace and figure dependon womanlyhealth.What is itthat makes ourAmerican women often pale,sallow-faced,with dark circles under theeyes, and veryoften old atforty-five whenthey should bein their prime?Women suffer in girlhoodirom backache; spine-ache and headaches, followedby irregularities and as a result diseasesof the womanly organs are more commonthan any one but a physician in activepractice could suppose.After long experience in the treatmentof women s diseases, Dr. Pierce evolved avegetable tonic and corrective which hecalled Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription.This is a purely vegetable preparation;without a particle of alcohol containedin it.When a woman complains of backache;Gizziness or pain when everything looksblack before her eyes a dragging feeling,or bearing-down, with nervousness, sheshould turn to this "temperance" herbaltome. It can be obtained in almost everydrug store in the land and the ingredientsare printed in plain English on thewrapper. Put up in tablets or liquid.Dr. Pierce, of Invalids' Hotel, Buffalo,N. Y., will send a trial size of thetablets for ten cents.2)5ABE NOT NEGOTIABLERecent statements appearing in thepublic prints tending to indicate thatWar Savings Stamps may be used ascollateral to secure loans, or for otherpurposes, are erroneous, according toa statement by L. A. Wilson, FederalDirector for the War Savings Organization for the Eighth Federal Reserve District.It is directly antagonistic to theFederal law, says Wilson. The lawexplicitly states that War SavingsStamps are not negotiable and maynot be transferred by the holder. Hemay, if necessity demands that he obtain the money he has invested inthem, give ten days notice and havethem redeemed at any postoffice.But to negotiate them through anychannel not prescribed by the Government is prohibited.ERINCE OF WALES ON TJL3IT TOAldETilCA.ST. JOHNS, N. F., August 14.The Prince of Wales landed from thebattleship Renown at Topsail, a fishing village on Conception Bay, forhis first visit to Newfoundland soilMonday.After remaining for a few hours,he returned to the warship.The Prmce and members of hissuite passed much of the time ashorescrolling iabout the country and obtaining photographs. Several hundred seamen, marines and cadetsfrom the Renown and its escortingsiuadron were allowed shore leave.Admiral Halsey and Colonel Grigg,of the ,Prince's staff, came to St.Johns by motor from Topsail, a distance of 12 miles, to discuss withthe Governor the details of the program prepared for the reception ofthe royal visitor here.The Renown, which carried thePrince of Wales and his party toNewfoundland, is one of the mostfamous "mystery" ships of the British Navy.She is a battle cruiser. Her finelines permit a speed of 33 knots, butshe is considered By naval officers tobe one of the steadiest and most comfortable ships in the navy.It was intended by the Admiraltyto have her participate in the Thamesreview during the peace celebration,but as orders had gone out for herto make the voyage overseas it wasnecessary to send her to a shipyardfor complete refitting and refurnishing. "FAKE" ASPIRIN-,t-GOVERNMENT GETTING HEADYTO FIGHT HIGH PRICES&WAS TALCUMTKerefore Insist Upon Genuine "Bayer Tabletsjpf Aspirin"-'"EAT-SNAP BEATS THE BIST RATTRAP EVER MADE," MRS.EMILY SHAW SAYS."My husband bought a ?2 trap. Ibought a 50c box of RAT-SNAP.The trap only caught 3 rats, butHAT-SNAP killed 12 in a week. I'mnever without RAT-SNAP. Reckon Icouldn't raise chicks without it."RAT-SNAP comes in cakes. Threesizes. 25c, 50c, $1.00.Sold and guaranteed by The Farmers Supply Co. (adv aug)pAYieMillions of fraudulent AspirinTablets were sold by a- Brooklynmanufacturer, which later proved tobe composed mainly of Talcum Powder. "Bayer Tablets of Aspirin," thetrue, genuine, American made andAemircan owned Tablets are markedwith the safety "Bayer Cross."Ask for and then insist upon"Bayer Tablets of Aspirin" and always buy them in the "original Bayerpackage which contains proper directions and dosage.Aspirin is the trade mark of BayerManufacturer of Monoaceticacidesterof Salicylicocid. (adv-tf-F)WEEK OF AUGUST 25-30 WILL BEEDUCATIONAL WEEKQuick Deliveries ByTRACTION EXPRESSKy.Traction & TerminalCo.Wilmoth'sFreshHome! Baked Breads,Cakes, Pies, Etc.DailyFreshMeats,Roasts,S te aks,Chops, Fancy Goods.FamousCoffees and TeasWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376Governor James D. Black issueda proclamation designating the weekof August 25-30, "EducationalWeek and calls upon citizenry of theState to devote their whole time during the period to arouse a burninginterest in wiping out illiteracy, increasing day school attendance andI bettering teachers' salaries. TheGovernor recommends that all gatherings be postponed and that all whoare devoted to other interests abandon them for the time that such animpetus may be given to these greateducational problems as will lead totheir wise and speedy solution.o"WHY I PUT UP WITH EATS FORYEAES," WHITES N. WINDSOR, FARMER."Years ago I bought some rat poison, which nearly killed our finewatchdog. It so scared us 'that Vesuffered a long time with rats untilmy neighbor told me about RATSNAP. That's the sure rat killer anda safe one." Three sizes, 25c, 50c,?1.00.Sold and guaranteed by The Farmers Supply Co. (adv aug)oThe humorist has a hard jobcracking jokes about the high costof living in order to get enoughmoney to meet it.We are hanging out the banners' of welcome on our walls for the boys,i . ..for the cry is still tney come.KILLS RATS!and mice that's RAT-SNAP, the oldreliable rodent destroyer. Comes incakes no mixing with other food.Your money back if it fails.25c size (1 cake enough forPantry, Kitchen, or Cellar.50c. size (2 cakes) for ChickenHouse, coops, or small buildings.$1.00 size (5 cakes) enough forall farm and out-buildings, storagebuildings, or factory buildings.Sold and Guaranteed by Farmers'J Supply Co. (8-4tF)NEW OFFERING!$3,000,000L C. FENNY COMPANY7 Cumulative Preferred StockCompany operates the largest 'Chain of department stores of its kind Inthe world, maintaining 0.97 stores, extending into twenty-five states.PRICE 98 .AND ACCRUED DIVIDEND TO YIELD 7s.Special Circular On RequestJAMES C WILLSON & CO.LOUISVILLE2TD S. FIFTH STREETWASHINGTON, August 14. Attorney-GeneralA. Mitchell Palmerhas received "enthusiastic" assentfrom virtually all State Food Adminstrators, whom he asked for cooperation in the Government's efforts to reduce the high cost of living. At the same time he sent instructions to all District Attorneys t0 getm touch with the Food Administrators and to act at once on any evidence of law violation which mightcome to light in the work of the fairprice committees to be reconstitutedin every county.The attention of the District Attorneys also was called to the "unlimited availability" of the SecretService for any investigative worknecesary to the punishment ofnoarders and profiteers.A development of the day was therequest by Mr. Palmer of SecretaryDavid F. Houston that inspectors andpacking houses be instructed to furnish to District Attorneys upon request any information they mighthave. It was not indicated what wascontemplated.Living problems continued to absorb much of the attention of Congress. Federal supervision of the issuance of stocks and certificates wasproposed in the Senate.Cold storage regulation suggestedby President Wilson was taken up bythe House Agriculture Committee.Europe's reports of foods fromthis country, practicularly that purchased with the ?100,000,000 fundwhich President Wilson said wasnecessary to stop the westwardspread of Bolshevism, drew the fireof Senator Henry L. Myers, who declared in a speech that people abroadwere buying American productscheaper than they could be purchasedat home.President Wilson's suggestion thatCongress could show what can bedone to control mounting prices byremedying the extortion which it hasbeen charged was rampant in the District of Columbia, resulted in thedrafting of a bill by the DistrictCommissioners, in conjunction withChairman Murdock, of the FederalTrade Commission, which would putunder license all dealers- in food, fueland wearing apparel, with the licenserevocable on proof of profiteering.Retail food merchants are beginning to feel the effects of the distribution of surplus foodstuffs bythe War Department, it was indicatedMonday when the department announced officially that prices on certain foods were being adjusted "tomake them accord . with reductionswhich have taken place (since August8) in the retail market on similarcommodities of like grades."WHAT'S THE SEASON?Many Paris People In Poor HealthWithout Knowing the CauseThere are scores of people whodrag out a miserable existence without realizing the cause of their suffering. Day after day they are racked with backache and headache; suffer from nervousness, dizziness,weakness, langour and depression.Perhaps the kidneys have fallen behind in their work of filtering, theblood and that may be the root of thetrouble. Look to your kidneys, assistthem in their work give them thehelp they need. You can use no morehighly recommended remedy thanDoans. Kidney Pills endorsed bypeople' all over the country and byyour neighbors in Paris.Mrs. John Mastin, 1439 High St.,Paris, says: "I have used Doan'sKidney Pills with good results and Iknow from the help they gave methat they would be just as beneficialin other cases of kidney trouble. Ihad a dead, dull ache across the smallof my back and my kidneys acted irregularly. Doan's Kidney Pills ridme of those complaints, and if Ishould need a kidney remedy againI would certainly take Doan's".Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Mastin had. Foster-Milburn Co.,Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.(adv)0FAIR CATALOGUES READYCatalogues for the 1919 KentuckyState Fair are off the press and beingdistributed throughout the Commonwealth. The announcement that premiums and awards listed by this volume total to the gigantic sum of$110,000 will doubtless awaken keeninterest among the farmers and stockbreeders of the State, and it is anticipated in consequence that the seventeenth annual State Fair celebration will be the most stupendous,brilliant and important in the annalsof sate Fair history. Anyone desiring a copy of the 1919 catalogue mayobtain same by making request ofState Fair Secretary Fount T. Kremer, suite 604 Republic Building,Louisville, Ky.oCATARRH CANNOT BE CUREDWith local applications, as theycannot reach the seat of the disease.Catarrh is a local disease, greatly influenced by constitutional conditions,and in order to cure to cure you musttake an internal remedy. Hall's Catarrh Medicine is taken Internallyand acts through the blood on themucous surfaces of the system. HalJ'sCatarrh Medicine was prescribed byone of the best physicians in thiscountry for years. It is composed ofsome of the best tonics known, combined with some of the best bloodpurifiers. The perfect combination ofthe ingredients in Hall's CatarrhMedicine is what produces such wonderful results in catarrhal conditions.Send for testimonials, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Hall's Family Pills for constipation. "'Copyrightw 1919 by31 J. ReynoldsTobacco Co."tuBSSPW88""YOU can't help cutting loose joy'usremarks every time you flush yoursmokespot with Prince Albert it hitsyou so fair and square. It's a scuttle full of jimmypipe and cigarette makin's sunshine and as satisfying as it is delightful every hour of the twenty-four!It's never too late to hop into the Prince Albert pleasurepasture ! For, P. A. is trigger-ready to give you moretobacco fun than you ever had in your smokecareer.That's because it has the quality.Quick as you know Prince Albert youll write it downthat P. A. did not bite your tongue or parch your throat.And, it never will! For, our exclusive patented processcuts out bite and parch. Try it for'what alls' your tongue!Toppy red bag, tidy red tin, handsome pound and half potxnd tin.humidors and that clever, practical pound crystal glass humidor xsith &sponge moistener top that keeps the tobacco in sack perfect condition,R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company, Winston-Salem, N. CModels) """" SeriesQrBuick Seven-Passenger Touring Car'THE BUICK Model-K-Six-49 is a big, roomy, open car forseven persons, with a range of service in keeping with itspowerful Valve-in-Head motor. The long wheelbase, theextra size tonneau,the completeness of all details makingfor comfort and convenience give it an air of unlimitedcapacity that is amply borne out by its continued andconsistent performance.This bqdy is divided by a double cowl, into which the folding seats disappear when not in service. These extra seatsare so arranged as to give liberal space to all occupants inthe tonneau, thereby avoiding any possible crowding.JF The slanting windshield braces form the front supporti for the high-grade top, which is also equipped with well-made side curtains that swing open with the doors. -When Better Automobiles Are Built BUICK Will Build ThemC. S. BALL GARAGEFourth and Pleasant Streets,NO MORE RATS!or mice, after you use RAT-SNAP.It's a sure rodent killer. Try apackage and prove it. Rats killedwith RAT-SNAP leave no smell. Catsor dogs won't touch it. Guaranteed.25c. size (1 cake) enough forPantry, Kitchen or Cellar.50c. size (2 cakes) for ChickenHouse, Coops, or small buildings.$1.00 size (5 cakes) .enough forall farm and out-buildings, storagebuliding, or factory buildings.Sold and Guaranteed by FarmersSupply Co. T (8-4tP)jiiasMSij-g-s-aigassg- g --T'. , , J JBBCoal Coal CoalHave You Talked. WithCOLLIER BROS.About Your Winter Coal?Office Opposite Paris Tobacco Cumfcorlanel Phono M7Warehouse Homo Phot 2S7frlMtWimtiiireyf - j 1 .i.jwiA ft3? '' ' .23JB. .47&tS- zr?'-PAilS,KEHTTTCTYJ '.. -!."JTHDAY, AUGUST-15, 1919run sightTHE BOTJBBOH HEWS,:1BrMILLERSBURGmarriedMiss Elizabettt Boston is improving. See the nice line of teas andcoffees at CaldwelL's.Rev. T. W. Watts and family,of -Versailles, are guests of Mr. andMrs. A. S. BestOveralls and work skirts at Cald"well's cheaper than you can buythem elsewhere.Mr. E. T. Sheeler fell Sunday,spraining his right knee. However,lie is doing nicely at this writing.Don't fail to purchase shoes at'Caldwell's while they can be purchased at the present.price. They aresoon to- advance.Dr. and Mrs. W. E- Bruce leftTuesday for their home at Weirwood,Ya. after a two-weeks' visit to hisbrother, Mr. S. B. Bruce and family.Miss Bruce will remain as the guestof her cousin some time longer.Mrs. A. S. Best and little daughter, Sarah Miller Best, will leave Saturday for a visit to her mother, Mrs.Nannie Hunter, and daughter, MissPattie Hunter, at Washington, Ky.The following were guests ofMr. and Mrs. R. I. Wilson, Sunday:Mrs. H. W. Haughey, Waldron, Ind.,Mr. and Mrs. Harry Haughey, Marion, Ind., Mr. and Mrs. B. N. ClinSenbeard, of Sherburn, Ky.Mr. E. H. Kerr -was given a surprise birthday dinner Tuesday evening at his hone on the Jackstownpike. The following were present:Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Mason, Miss EvaMason and Mr. Charles Hutchings.The Progressive Carnival Co.opened a week's carnival here Monday night, on the lot of Mrs. Russell Mitchell. They are drawinglarge crowds daily and their exhibition -seem to be giving satisfaction.The Sunday School picnic of thepbrlstian cfcureh was postponed until to-day. Members of the SundaySchool are expected to meet at thechurch, where vehicles will be provided to convey them to the woods.Billie Brown, the little son ofMr. and Mrs. W. M. Brown, susstained a fall Tuesday evening,which rendered his condition somewVf serious for a time, as he suffer a slight concussion of the head, jHi ever, he is doing nicely at thiswriting.The Ladies' Missionary Societyof the Methodist church, held an interesting meeting Wednesday afternoon at thee hurch. A number ofshort addresses were delivered alongthe line of missionary work, and theCentenary work. At six p. m. a delightful lunch was served, the husbands of the wives of the society being invited as guests of honor.Mrs. Lewis Frederick entertained Tuesday morning in honor of Mrs.Prather, who will leave in a few daystor. her new home in Crittenden, 0.The guests brought with them scraps' of silk, from which they pieced a"'friendship quilt." Mrs. Frederickalso entertained in the evening witha sewing party, "the guests hemmingnapkins for the guest of honor.Mr. Henry Patterson, aged seventy-one,jone of the prominent residents of this city,, died at his home at8:30 o'clock yesterday morning, after an illness of several weeks, dueto organic heart trouble.Mr. Patterson was born near Morenead, in Rowan county, and was oneof a large family. He became engaged Jn farming, to which he devoted his entire attention-. Early in lifeie moved from Morehead to Masoncounty, where, he -continued farmingtor the-past thirty-five years he has3jeen a resident of the Millersburg.-vicinity. He was married manyyears ago to Miss Elizabeth Fizer,who survives him. Mr. Pattersonwas a life-long member of the Millersburg Methodist church, and atthe time of his death was an officerin the congregation.He is survived by his widow, oneson, Mr. Roy Patterson, of Paris; fivedaughters, Mrs. James Pullman, ofStone, Pike county, Mrs. Harlan Parris, of Lexington, Mrs. James Hill,and Miss Christine Patterson, of Millersburg, and Mrs. A. G. Cox, of Tilton; and two brothers, Mr. I. B. Patterson, of Colville, and Mr. RobertPatterson, of Kansas City, Mo.The funeral will be held at theMethodist church in this city Sundayafternoon at two o'clock, with services conducted by his pastor, Rev.J. W. Gardner, assisted by Tf. C. C.Fisher, of the Millersburg College.The interment will take place on thefamily lot in the Millersburg Cemeterm. Mr. A. H. Smedley, aged 65, suicided Tuesday at 11:00 a. m. byshooting nimself in the heart in thebath room of Dr. C. B. Smith, withwhom he was residing. For sometime Mr. Smedley had been in failing health, and had brooded muchover his condition, but not being ofa dispondent nature, neither the family or his friends were prepared forthe shock of Tuesday morning.He arose Tuesday morning abouthis usual time, and was in goodspirits. After breakfast he mingledwith friends for a time ,on thestreets, remarking that he had sleptwell the night before, and was not sonervous. About 9:30 h6 Returned tothe home of Dr. Smith) and waswhistling at he entered the house.For a time he sat on the veranda andread a paper. About 10:30 a. m. hewent to the bath room, where thefatal shot was fired. The shot wasnot heard by any member of thefamily, as they were out of the houseat the time.A few minutes.later his niece,xMrs.H. C. Current, entered the home andwent upstairs. - On approaching thesecond floor she detected the odor ofgunpowder and immediately returnedto the first floor, where she communicated the news to her mother, whodid not think seriously of it. On going to the second floor again, shefound that she could not enter thebath room. The alarm was given andan entrance soon effected, when thelifeless body of Mr. Smedley wasfound. Coroner Rudolph Davis wasimmediately summoned, and was soonon the scene. Av verdict was renderedaccording to the above facts.Mr. Smedley was one of the bestknown men in Central Kentucky,having been a prominent figure bothin business and social circles. Whenquite a young man he held the position of salesman for his brother, Mr.J. G. Smedley, dealer in dry goods inMillersburg. Later he conducted agents' furnishing establishment inthe property now occupied by JonesBrothers as a grocery. After this hewent to S't. Louis, Mo., where he conducted a shoe establishment for anumber of years. On returning toKentucky, he and his brother, BrodisSmedley, purchased ' a farm nearHutchison, which they operated untilthe death of his brother, BrodisSmedley, about five years ago. Hethen came to Millersburg to residewith his brother, Mr. J. G. Smedley,and since the death of his brother,which occurred in 1917, he has resided in the -same home with hisnephew, Dr. and Mrs. C. B. Smith.He was a bachelor and one of alarge family of children, all of whomhave preceded him to the grave, except one sister, Mrs. Kate Forrester,of Chicago, 111.. For many years hehas been a member of the Baptistchurch, holding his membership atParis. He was a brilliant man, wellinformed on all subjects, a readerand thinker, gentle in disposition,not easily to disturb, and devoted tohis nieces and nephews. His elderbrother, Mr. William Smedley, died afew months ago. This seemed to affect his life. At times he sufferedsevere nervous attacks, but wasbright and cheerful when they passed away.' The funeral was held Thursday at2:30 p. m. from the residence of Dr.C. B. Smith, services conducted by hisi pastor, Rev. R. G. Goldsmith, of theParis Baptist church. Interment onj the family lot by the side of his parJ ents and other members of the familyi in the Carlisle Cemetery. The floral' tributes were numerous and beautiful.The pall-bearers were C. W. Corrington, William Meteer, W. D. Wadell, T. H. Smith, B. M. Johnson andBruce Miller.oHAIL INSURANCE.Hail insurance on tobacco.Thomas, Woodford & Bryanjune24-tf)Solves yoturHeating PfobkmPREPARE now for nextwinter's heating with aWilliamson Pipeless Furnace. Tts single registersends glowing warmth all- through your house. Itsayes the bother of stovesoro grates, burns hard or-soft coal, coke or wood.Hundreds of farm homes foundTlie WILLIAMSONPIPELESS FURNACEs blewing last winter. It is easilyIwUlled without tearing up floorsaad walls for pipes and flues. Itoe into the cellar but does notfetat it. Come in and see thissubstantial, well-built furnace. Itii fiil and labor saver.Bourbon county relatives and friendsA.S. Best & Co., Agts. ? , of a .Miltorsburt, Ky.ALAMOAFTERNOON, 2:00-5:30GRANDEVENING, 7:00-10:30ADMISSIONAdults 18c, war tax 2c 20cChildren and Gallery9c plus 1c war tax 10cToday, FridayThos.H. Ince PresentsCHARLES RAYINGreased LightningAlsoRUTH ROLANDIN"The Tiger's Trail"tomorrow, SaturdayREX BEACH'SThrilling Mystery Melodrama,"THE CRIMSONGARDENIA"Directed by Reginald Barker.Borrowed trouble paid in full.Mr. and Mrs. Carter De Haven' in the Uproarious Comedy"IN A PINCH"and GEORGE LAQtlN, in"The Terror of the Range79ALAMO THEATREMonday, August 18thAfternoen and EveningLILA LEESupported By Elliott DexterIN"A Daughterof the Wolf"and Burton Holmes TravelPictureONE WEEK (THE VENETIAN SERENADERScommencing x PLAYING AND SINGING ORCHESTRAMonday, Allg. 18 ( ADMISSON: Adults 31cplus4cwartax 35c. Children and Gallery 22c plus 3c war tax 25cDEATHS. RELIGIOUS.SMEDLEY.Our Millersburg correspondencetells of the death by his own handin that place Tuesday morning ofMr. Aaron Smedley, a well-knownformer merchant of that city. TheCoroner's jury was composed of Dr.C- C. Fisher, foreman, D. E. Clarke,Dr. F. A. Herbert, J. T. Stewart, I.C. Bascom, Jr., and David Cassidy,They returned the following verdict:' "We, the jury, find the body before us to be that of Aaron H. Smedley, and that he came to his deathfrom a pistol shot wound throughthe heart; and from the evidence before us, find that the shot was firedby his own hand."o'BIRTHS.Mr. and Mrs. Gordon BarrowHiggins, of Lexington, are receivingcongratulations on the arrival of adaughter, born at the St. JosephHospital, in that city, Sunday night.Cards have been received byWHITLEY.Death came suddenly Wednesdaynight at the home of his son, Mr.Wade H. Whitley, on Vine street, inthis city, to Maj. John Whitley,aged seventy-eight. Mr. Whitley hadbeen in his usual good health Wednesday, and beyond a slight indisposition that occasioned no seriousalarm to the members of the household, gave no indications of the nearapproach of the grim reaper. Latein the afternoon he complained offeeling badly and went to his room.Physicians' were summoned, who administered to him, affording temporary relief. About ten o'clock Wednesday night he suffered a lesion ofthe heart, which, resulted fatally.Mr. Whitley was a native of Pantego, Itforth Carolina, where he wasborn and raised, and where he hadbeen successfully engaged in businessfor many years. He.had been spending a part of the summer of eachyear in- this city, with his son, andwas just making preparations to return to his Southern home after anespecially happy visit of severalweeks this summer.Mr. Whitley is survived by fivechildren, three sons, John P. Whitley and Thos. K. Wliitley, both ofPantego, and Wade H.r Whitley, ofthis city, and two daughters, Mrs. J.A. Dunbar, of Newport News, Va.,and Mrs. W. H. Mizzelle, of Robertsonville, North Carolina.The body was taken to Winchester yesterday afternoon, from wherethe funeral party took the C. & O.train for the South, accompanyingthe remains to the deceased's oldhome, Pantego, for burial. The interment will take place at Pantego,Saturday afternoon.The sympathy of the communitygoes out to Mr. Whitley and themembers of the family in their sadbereavement.MATRIMONIAL.The Bourbon County AnnualConvention of the Christian Churchand Bible Schools will be held atClintonville, August 21.Rev. Nathan Linville. of Missouri, is conducting a revival meet- iing at the Ruddles Mills Christian 'church. The meeting will continuethrough Sunday. jA revival meeting will begin at jthe Little Rock Christian church,Sunday morning. Rev. Ward Russell, the pastor, will do the preaching,andvthe song service will be underthe leadership of Mr. A. L. Boatright.The revival being conducted atthe Old Union church by Rev. "Bob"Simpson, former Bourbon countyboy, has resulted so far in elevenconfessions. The meeting will con.- ftinue until Saturday, August 16.The attendance has increased so thatthe church building cannot accom-modate all who come. ,Rev. W. P. Crouch, pastor ofthe Carlisle Christian church, whohas just closed a successful revivalat the Christian church, at Dover,Ky., will conduct a series of meetings at the historic old Cane Ridge)church, near Jackstown, beginningnext week.Grand Opera HouseMonday and Tuesday A Uu. 18 and 19Domingo's Filipino SerenadersWill Present"A NIGHT IN THE PHILIPPINES"Performance Starts at 8:15ADMISSON: Adults, 45c plus 5c War Tax-50c.dren and Gallery, 22c plus 3c War Tax 25c.Chil-5'STOCK, CROP, ETC.The firm of Ellis Bros., one oftendency, the net advance in the pastthree weeks having been from threeto four cents per pound.Plummer & MgClure sold Tuesdayto Rogers & Weil, fifty-seven head ofcattle averaging 1,280 pounds, for16 c per pound. Lou Taylor sold towhom, Rev WE .Ellis is pastor of JCaywood & McClintock thirty-fourmo rana yuiiannii vuuiuu, sumthirty-two Duroc sows at auction onJ head of cattle averaging 1,330pounds, for 15c per pound. TheSince hobble skirts came in, thefashion of arriving on time has goneout.now that the embargo on livestockshipments has been lifted.their farm in Shelby county a few cattle are foP immediate shipment,highest price being ?750.Shipments of cattle from Bour-bon county are going forward rapidlyana are held in check only by a carshortage. Eighteen cars went out inone shipment Tuesday night. Theprice for cattle manifests an upwardr:3HAIL INSURANCE.Hail insurance on tobacco.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.june24-tf)A marriage license -vas issuedWednesday from the office of theCounty Clerk, at Covington, to Robt.Cates, 22, of Paris, and Anna Haeger,23,, of Cincinnati.Paris and Bourbon countyfriends and relatives have receivedthe .following announcement:"Mrs. Elizabeth Massett has thehonor to announce the marriage ofher daughter, Madeline, to Mr. JohnK. Leach, of Paris, Ky., West Hoboken, New York, July 5, 1919."Bath Phones 33(F-sepl TF-oct 1)to Mr. and Mrs. G. B. Bishop. Mr.Bishop was 'formerly of Bourboncounty, and is a son of Mrs. SallieBishop, who is now with her otherson, Mr. Newton Bishop, in Ver-sailles. Y & "J; 2 . TLYDICK STEWART.The marriage of Miss Mary -FrancesLydick, daughter of Mr. and Mrs.W. A. Lydick, and Mr. William E.Stewart, both of Cynthiana, tookplace Tuesday morning at the home- of the bride's father, in that city,Rev. Joseph D. Armistead, of theCynthiana Christian church, performing the ceremony. Immediatelyafter the ceremony Mr.' and Mrs.Stewart left for a short visit to relatives in Cleveland, Ohio. On theirreturn they will be with the groom'sfamily for the present,v The bride is one of Cynthiana'smost charming young women, and isa cousin of Mrs. J. O. Marshall, ofthis city. The groom is a- son of Mr.and Mrs. L. D. Stewart, of near Cynthiana, and is a popular and ener-J,,. - ' , V vgetic young farmer..ANOTHER WEEKOf the Great Money-SavingSWEEP EM OUT SALEAnother week of phenomenal bargains; another week ofunheard-of values (VI any are buying now for future as wellas present needs buying now because' they appreciatethese wonderful values and realize that shoe prices havegreatly advanced and are going higher.By taking advantage of this opportune SaleBy buying Shoes now for the entire familySAVE and avoid the inevitable higher prices for FallWomen's Gun Metal and PatentKid Oxfords and PumpsCuban and low heels, mostly small sizes,$3.00, $4.00 and $5.00 values ...Women's Canvas OxfordsTrimmed rubber sole, low heel,, all sizes,$2.00 values, at J.$12$124Ladies' dark, tan, black, patent kid tfQQCPumps, Louis heel, 5.00 values yOVOLadies, Satin and Grey Oxfords, Louis andCuban heel, custom made 6.00 di jcvalues at tp'L'rD' 1 ;Ladies' White Canvas Boots, Oxfords andPumps, also Black Kid Pumps, Louis andlow English heel. All sizes. $4.00 do nrvalues at $LvoLadies' White Canvas Oxfords and Pumps,also Black Kid. High and low heel. o 4n3.50 values at , : $Z.49Ladies' White Canvas Pumps, Cuban andhigh heel, also NBlack .Kid. 3.00 fci ACvalues at $1.90Men's Mahogany Tan English and Broad ToeOxfords and Shoes, Wa'k-Over and e rother famous makes, $7.00 values. . . JpK"0Men's Patent Kid and Russian Tan tfo nrEnglish Oxfords, S5.Q0 values at J.aDMen's Gun Metal Oxfords and Shoes, to rrwelts, $4.50 values at yLVv$3.50 Boys' Gun Metal and Tan LaceOxfords, welts -. $2.49$2.50 Boys' Gun Lace Shoes, 2.50values at $ - .79$4.00 Misses' Tan Eng. Oxfords.... $2.99Misses' Canvas Shoes and Slippers,$2.00 values at ". $ 1 .49Children's Canvas Shoes and Slippers,$1.50 values at 99cBarefoot Sandals, $1.25 values at 85cNo Charges or ApprovalsDuring This Sale.Substantial Reductions in All Other High Grade Shoes and Low CutsDANParis5 Greatest Shoe StoreCOHENWhere Beauty and Economy Reignfur .M"OriFj-s-t-s " it-r. r- V- XACtf.KV"Hss4lU'7j J