F ''."VV -,"--hV "T$r Vv vtifafaV& -- 5"THENEWS. - -PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.' "VVOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 19 L9jtj?u - i4fib ' . " i.BOURBONPROMINENT JUBISTS KILLED INAUTO ACCIDENT.Judge William A. Young, CircuitJudge of the Twenty-first district,Bath, Rowan and Montgomery counties, and Judge Harlan Sexton, former County Judge, Menifee county,and later attorney in Frenchburg,-were instantly killed and two otherssustained slight injuries when theirautomobile was struck by a C. & 0.freight train at Brighton Station sixmiles from Lexington, shortly after3 o'clock Wednesday afternoon.The party was on its way to Louisville, where Judge Young was tobe at the bedside of his brother,Allie W. Young, who is to undergoan operation there. They missedthe train at ML Sterling and decided to go to Lexington by automobile and take the tram.Williams was driving. He said hedid not see the train until withinten feet of the tracks. He swervedthe machine to the right into ahigh bank. It dashed over a tenfoot embankment, overturned andthrew Judges Young and Sexton onthe tracks.Judge Young gained a nationalreputations several years ago whenhe was chief attorney for JudgeHargis in the Breathitt county feudcases. He was about 50 years old,and besides his widow, he leavesthree children.Judge Young was appointed Circuit Judge by Gov. McCreary to fillthe unexpired term of Judge Riddle, and was re-elected, his term ofoffice expiring in 1922. For twelveyears he was a member of the Democratic State Executive Committee,and in 1915 was strongly mentionedfor nomination for Governor.Judge Sexton is survived by hiswidow and three children.oACCIDENTAL SHOOTINGNick Florence, a son of Mr. and"Mrs. Florence, resting on the H. L.Baldwin farm, on the Clay & KiserHike, near this city, was slightlywounded in the right leg, justabove the knee, Tuesday. He anda younger brother were playingwith a rifle, when the weapon wasaccidentally discharged. The bullettook effect in the young man's leg,inflicting a painful, but not seriouswound. He was given immediatemedical attention, and was reportedyesterday as getting along veryTvell.RESIGNS BANK POSITIONMr. Thomas W. Allen, . who hastor several years been one of themost valued attaches of the Bourdon-AgriculturalBank & Trust Co.,as Assistant Cashier, has resignedthat position, to become effectiveJanuary 1, 1920. Mr. Allen has notindicated what line of business endeavor he will take up. In his retirement the bank loses the servicesof a competent and reliable official.&KRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERS .GreatReductionsONHigh ClassSuitsandSkirts..v7?FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERS ..'.H Automobile "Delivery j :,iTOBACCO WAREHOUSES PREPARING TOR SEASON.The work of getting the local tobacco warehouses in readiness forthe auction sales to be conductedthere, is in full swing. The housespresent a scene of great activity asthe work goes forward. The opening saies win De -neia on Wednesday, December 3. NW. H. Wycoff, of Ohio, will conduct the sales at the Bourbon Tobacco Warehouses, while the strident tones of Oliver' Clay will beheard auctioning the product forNew Independent warehouses. Bothgentlemen were here last season,and proved their ability as auctioneers. Tobacco is being received andplaced on the floors in readiness forthe opening sales, and the warehousemen are anticipating a mostauspicious time when the housesare thrown open for the auctioneersto begin work. Several hundredemployes will be required in the various branches of the industry, themoney paid them and the growersworking its way into the tills ofParis merchants.Denton & Collins sold this weekone hundred hdgsheads of low grade1918 crop of tobacco to the R. J.Reynolds . Company, and beganshipping it out yesterday. The tobacco was bought after a slump inprices last February, and will netthe purchasers a nice profit on theiroutlay.The Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCompany has a half-page displayadvertisement in this issue of THENEWS, which could be read withinterest by all growers and holders.All the leading manufacturersand brokers will be represented onthe Paris market during the seasonby their buyers, and there is considerable speculation as to what theprices will be, the prospect beingfor record figures. Among the buyers will be several who have beenhere for the past three seasons.The Burley Tobacco Co., whichcrew out of the 1909 pool, is liqui-l dating, and has sent to John T. Collins checks for Bourbon countystockholders amounting to $26,000.Jeff Denton, of Paris, who hasbeen buying tobacco on the breaksat the Kingston, N. C, market, fora big tobacco manufacturing concern in the North, arrived hereWednesday, accompanied by hiswife, he reports the North Carolina market as being one of the bestin years, with the following pricesruling: Flyings, $25 to $40 per100 pounds; trash, $30 to $60; tips,$5 to $30; leaf, from $401o $125per 100 pounds.o-YOU'LL FIND BILLIKIN SHOES ATD. PELD'S SHOE STOREIf you are looking for the Billikin Shoes for children, come to(tf) FELD'S SHOE STORE.fcREAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSH. S. Ritchie, of Hutchison, purchased of I. S. Wilmott, of the samevicinity, a tract of land containing:I eighteen acres, for $275 an acre.xms yuniuaac oujuum me lana already owned by Mr. Ritchie.Mrs. Jennie Larey, of Lexington,and Mrs. Wm. H. Webb, of Clintonville, sold at private sale to VardenShipp, of Clintonville, their farm of185 acres, located on the Clintonville pike, near Paris, for $225 anacre.Harris & Speakes, of this city, asagents for George D. Stewart, soldTuesday, at public sale, on thepremises, his farm of 133 .acres, located on the Taylor's Creek pike,about five miles south of Carlisle, toHenry Bros., of Carlisle, for $140 anacre. The farm is a well improvedone, having a seven-room, twostory frame residence, tenant house,tobacco and stock barns, etc. Thesale was advertised in THE NEWS.The farm of Mr. Jame M. Hutsell,of Mt. Sterling, containing 150acres, located on the Maysville pike,near Mt. Sterling, was sold at publicsale Tuesday, on the premises, byHarris & Speakes, Geo. D. Speakes,auctioneer, to L. W. Lee, of Montgomery -county, for $390.25 anacre. The farm contains a handsome new residence and all improvements. The home, a two-story brick,was just erected last fall. The farmis one of the best in Montgomerycounty. voCUT FLOWERSCut flowers and designs for all occasions provided on short notice.(21-2t) JO. VARDEN.A STATEMENT IN JUSTICE TOV"FACTS.With reference to an item published in the last issue of THENEWS regarding the collision of anautomobile and a motorcycle, on theNEWS was misinformed in someparticulars, and we were inerror in stating that the automobile did not stop, but continued on its journey without offering assistance to the injured men.The facts, as learned later, but toolate .for publication, were that,fhcar "did stop, and the '"occupantsproffered all assistance in theirpower, and that they offered tobring the men to the Massie. Memorial Hospital, in this city. Theyhailed another car passing, drivenby Mr. Ben Parker, en route' toParis, and helped place the men init. The accident, as it developed inthe light of facts brought forward,was clearly unavoidable, as bothmachines skidded at the same time.This statement is given in justiceto the occupants of the automobile,and to set at rest malicious rumorsregarding the responsibility for theaccident.INTERESTING OIL NOTESIn Elliott county, the Little BanjoOil Company is drilling in the corniferious at No. 1, J. H. King. LittleBanjo Oil Company is putting equipment oh the Sol Lewis farm to pumpthe well .completed there some timeago.The Mutual Oil & Refining Company, of Paris and Lexington, haspurchased a one-sixteenth interestin 800 acres in Morgan county, situated in the noted Rock Housedome, pronounced by geologists tobe the best undeveloped structure inKentucky. This is expected to develop into one of the greatest oilsections of Kentucky soon.CONGRESSMAN LANGLEY TO BECANDIDATE POR SENATOR.Representative John W. Langley.of the Tenth District, will enter therace to succeed United States Senator J. C. W. Beckham, he said Wednesday. The election of Governor EdwinP. Morrow has had a stimulatingeffect upon the ambitions of prominent Republicans, according to Republican members of the Kentuckydelegation in Congress."If Mr. Langley has announcedhis candidacy for United States Senator to succeed Senator Beckhamhe has not so notified his friends ofthe Fifth district yet," said A. T.Hert, Republican national committeeman from Kentucky, when askedconcerning the entry of Congressman J. W. Langley into the race.oSUPERVISOR OP CENSUS RECOMMENDS 173 APPLICANTSOf two hundred and fifty applicants for census enumerators m theSeventh District, 173 were recommended for appointment by Supervisor Joseph W. Morris.The district under Mr. Morris'supervision includes twelve counties, with Lexington the hub.Sam L. Rogers, director of census, Washington, will pass upon aiylratify the recommendations and itis expected final appointments willbe made .about- December 10. " Census taking is scheduled- to beginJanuary 2 to continue thiray days.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURTThe session of the Novemberterm of the Bourbon Circuit Courtwas resumed Tuesday after an adjournment taken -from Friday. Inthe absence o Judge Robert L.Stout, who was detained in Frankfort on important legal business,County Judge George Batterton presided as Special Judge.The first Commonwealth casecalled was that of Barthell Hill,colored, charged1 with housebreaking. The jury returned a verdict ofguilty, as charged in the indictment, and Hill was given a sentence of two years in the FrankfortReformatory.The case of the Commonwealthvs. James Wilson, colored, chargedwith assault and battery, was called, and occupied the remainder ofthe day. The case was continueduntil Wednesday. Wilson, it wasalleged, beat up his wife, knockingher eye out, and inflicting other serious bodily injuries.When Court reconvened Wednesday morning the case of James Wilson, which had been continued, wasdisposed of, the jury finding himguilty, and prescribing a residenceof one year in the Frankfort Reformatory. The trial of William Reynolds,the cripple, who was charged withthe robbery of Mitchell & Blakemore's clothing store, in this city,some time ago, was taken up, andresulted in the jury giving him asentence of one year in the Frankfort Reformatory.Ernest Jones, a white boy, wassentenced to one year in the StateReform School, at Greendale. Thos.Carter, colored, was acquitted of thecharge of shooting and wounding.Harrison Dailey, colored, was giventhree years in the Frankfort Reformatory on a charge of grand larceny. The Court adjourned to reconvene Thursday morning.o-lCOMMITTEES TO MAKE RELIGIOUS SURVEY OF CITY.A religious survey of Paris willbe made Sunday, to be conductedby representatives of the Christian,Methodist and Presbyterian churches, under the direction of the Sunday School superintendents, A. L.Boatright, H. A. Power and O. L.Davis. The object of the survey isto take a census of the religious affiliation or inclination of each individual in the community. The cityhas been platted into thity-two districts, and two enumerators willwork, each district. Citizens are reouesed tb be prepared to receivethese, workers, and answer theirquestions promptly, so as to expedite the work as much, as possible.The work will begin at two o'clockSunday afternoon.The committees held a meetingWednesday night at eighl o'clock,at the Y. M. C. A., where they received their instructions. The listof workers comprise many of themost prominent church workers inthe city.THE BEST INSURANCE.Insure your tobacco in thebarn against Fire and Windstorm withYERKES & PEED,Farmers & Traders Bank.(augl5-tf) iJUT FLOWERS.Cut flowers and designs for all occasion provided on short notice.(21-2t) JO. VARDEN.oFORMER PARIS BOY SEEING THEWILD WEST.T. Clarence Erringcr, formerly ofParis, is touring the West in a "tinLizzie," seeing the Country, and incidently, telling and selling one ofthe most popular makes of automobiles in use. He started from Minneapolis, Minn., some weeks ago,and has been making his way byeasy stages through the West, upPacific 'Coast, down through the wildWestern country, and has had manyinteresting and startling experiences.A member of THE NEWS staffhas received an interesting andlpne-thv letter from the traveler, recounting some of his experiences incrossing the great American desert.Owing to the length of the communication, and our crowded colmuns,necessity compels deferring its publication to another issue.DRASTIC STEPS TO BE TAKENIN COAL STRIKEWASHINGTON, Nov. 20. Speak-,ing with authority of PresidentWilson's Cabinet,' Fuel Administraton Garfield told repersentatives ofthe bituminous coal operators andminers here that 'the people of theUnited States need, must have, andwill have coal,'and as long, as thegovernment stands they will not beprevented from getting it "by anything the operators or miners maydo."Drastic steps now are believedimperative in view of the rapid depletion of the coal supply and theapparent deadlock between the miners and operators in the negotiations for a new wage agreement.Mr. Garfield was prepared to exercises his full powers as Fuel Administrator to bring: coal productionJback to normal and relieve the public of the anxiety of facing tne winter without sufficient fuel.The course of action the government will pursue tp enforce its, demands has not been intimated.HOME TELEPHONE "GOOD WILLVLUiS" HOLDS MEETING.The first meeting for the season ofthe Good Will Club of the HomeTelephone Co. was held in the District Manager's office in this city,with a large attendance. The meeting was presided over by DistrictManager J. J. Veatch. A series ofresolutions extending a welcome toMr. Warren M. Paine, who has beenin the army service overseas, wasread by Miss Hattie Hughes, andadopted. Mr. Paine made a shortreply, entertaining the Club with anaccount of some of his experiencesin the war service.The following officers were elected to serve the Club for the ensuing3 ear: President, Mrs. E. C. Burgin;secretary, Miss Maude Day; treasurer, Miss Hattie Hughes. After,the business meeting and discussions of matters relating to theirwork, the members held a social session, and a musical program wasrendered. The following were present to enjoy the program of theevening: W. M. Paine, Louisville;Margaret McClure, Shawhan; Mr.and Mrs. Watkins, and Lula Thomas, Millersburg; J. J. Veatch, W.M. Cannon, Maude Day, Mrs. E. C.Burgin, Hattie Hughes, Lila Lenox,Roxie Shannon, Mayme Collins, Bessie O'Neill, Julia Edwards, C. S.Johnson, Edward Faries, JamesCrofton and E. C. Burgin, of Paris.Delicious refreshments of hotchocolate, sandwiches, olives andmints were served at the conclusionof the program.oBAPTISTS TO DISCUSS PLAN FORCAMPAIGNFour-minute" speakers and churchorganizers of the Elkhorn Association of the Baptist church will meetat a luncheon to-day in the PhoenixHotel, in Lexington,, to discussplans for the $76,000,000 campaign. More than a hundred workersfrom Jessamine, Bourbon, Woodford, Scott and Fayette countiesare expected. J. Clay Hunt, campaign chairman for the districtwill preside. Arrangements for themeeting are under the direction ofpublicity manager J. W. Porter.Among the guests who will deliver addresses are Professor John L.Hill, State campaign chairman, andJ. R. Black, State publicity manager. a .SPECIALS AT MRS. ELLIS' CASHGROCERY.For this week we have fresh driedfruit of all kinds, (but no sugar),plenty of white syrup for sweetening. Fresh oysters, celery, cranberries and all kinds of fresh green vegetables. No profiteering at our store.Bring the cash and be surprised atthe bargains we can give you.MRS. ELLIS' CASH GROCERY,(18-2t) Opp. Court House.WE KNOW MOW jAny Tailor Can Make Clothes;Only Master Tailors Can MakeOur Smart Clothes!cA carpenter can make a piece of furniture thatmay look well and last a few years. But the furniture that we prize most, the pieces that have beenhanded down through generations as heirlooms, isthe work ot cabinet makers men who knew wood,how to season and work it according to the grain,and how to join it so the joints would hold.So good clothes are the product of good tailorsour Smart Clothes the product" of the best tailors.Every operation, from the shrinking of the woolento the fastening of the buttons, is the work of anartist in his special field each doing his bit for theultimate accomplishment of the perfect whole.Our Smart Clothes inherit a tradition that hasbeen handed down through generations of the samefamilies working side by side in the shops, and therecord of the grandfather is a constant incentive tothe son and grandson. ZZZZMay we explain to you personally the advantage there is in this for you?Prices $20.00 to $75.00MITCHELL &Stetson HatsManhattan ShirtsACCIDENT SPOILS iTfVTJMW.VISIT TO PARK.But for an accident to thepeller of one of their big airplaMSwhich happened at Maysville, Wnesday, Paris would have had a. viaityesterday from two airships belonging to the Miami Aviation Compamy;This concern has two machines iscommission for the purpose of taking passengers on an aerial trip fora nominal sum. It is "likely theywill be in Paris to-day or perhapato-morrow. A letter from the pilotsat Maysville to THE NEWS said:"We are planning to bring ourairplanes to your city for the purpose of carrying passengers eitkerWednesday or Thursday. Please advertise our coming. We would bglad to have a representative ofyour paper make a flight with, uover your city. We have pilots witus who have had several years experience in the air, and are out "togive the people just the kin'd ofride they want."The planes are in charge orLieuts. Kenneth L. Leonard and. E.J. Boswell, formerly of the DaytonAviation Field, now with the Miami Aviation Company, of Troy,Ohio. They will take passengersrup on terms similar to those of thStinsons.The Maysville Bulletin says: "Abad landing on the brickyard aviation field yesterday resulted in aslight mishap to the beautiful big:white airplane that has been making flights with passengers over thiscity. The propeller was broken bystriking the ground. The damagewill require a day to repair."HUNTERS BUSY.Hunting parties from Paris hart"been scouring the fields in this amadjoining counties in search ofbunnies and birds. They reportlarge numbers of rabbits, l)ut ascaricty of birds. Large receipts oTrabbits have caused a slump in themeat market. The retail price dropped from 35 cents to 25 cents each,the supply and demand being aboutequal.A shipment of one hundred andeighty barrels of rabbits, each, containing 125 bunnies, or a total of22,500, passed through. Paris, Tuesday morning from Nicholas -county,en route to the Cincinnati market.In the last ten days County ClerkPeace Paton has issued a total of425 hunting licenses, or an aggregate for the year of 1,185. Thepossession of this little document isan absolute necessity Tor'the" hunter,the law requiring him to carry hislicense with him when on a huntingtrip.oCUT PLOWERS.Cut flowers and designs for alloccasions provided on short .notice.(21-2t) JO. VARDEN.2TBLAKEMORENtttkton ShotsDr. Rood's Cushion. Salt Shoots" I', s. VfTX 3 Vrslric v. r-VV"r VflGETWOTHE BOUBBON KEWS,PABIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, NOVBMBK 21 ltlf- r11IBE BOURBON NEWStablwhed 188137 Years of Contjnnous Publicationiblished Every Tuesday and FridayTear. . $2.00 6 Months. . fi.ourPayable in Adavance.WLTT CHAMP. Editor and Owner.SfcUrwl at the Paris, Kentucky,PMtoftc ai Mall Matter of theMomdCIaM.)'Ay erroneous reflection upon, theiftuioUr, standing or reputation ofay Jtrson, firm or corporation whichftMj appear in the columns of THEBUKBON NEWS will be gladly corTMUd if brought to attention of theeitor.OUR FOKEIGH BEPBESEHTATIVES. Hew York American Press Assoifftdom. hicapo Lord & Thomas.3MLadelphia NW. Ayers & Son.-Atlanta 4Cas5engale Adv. Agency.Cincinnati--Blaine-TIiompson Co.Louisville Stark-Lowman Co.. j--, ,yonL jbutblaSk despair. The nianwho'keeps His eyes on, the mire aidthe man who gets his feet off terrafirma are alike at fault.The nation is sound at heart andour democracy will ever be as impregnable as public opinion is intelligent - and expressed. There is agreat need of men to lift theirheads above the daily surge to seethese eternal truths. The citizenworth while is not he who loseshope, nor he who shuts his eyes .Jodanger. Let us have frank admission that there are evils; let us seekthem out resolutely and meet themenergetically.Let us keep our heads up and ourfeet down.i! sSAYS EfflfflIS -LIKE WE OFtJcA Clean Town.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, 1.00 periBCsnfornrst time; 60 cents per Inchsubsequent Insertion.steading Notices, 10 cents per lineissue; readme notices In blacktrf. 20 cents per line, each issue.Carts of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilac matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisestsaad yearly contracts.The -right of publisher is reserved4o 4eclioe any advertisement or otheratter for publication.Announcements for political offices.vuLt invariably be accompanied byfee cash.Cleanliness is next to Godliness,and we may well extend this virtueto the care of Paris. An observingman from a town adjoining Parisdropped into THE NEWS office theother day, and after paying us whatwe considered some deserved com-I pliments in regard to Paris, said:"There are four features that go tomake the city beautiful and clean.""Let's hear them," we encouraged, and our visitor continued:"Elimination of public trash dumpsin the eity limits, attractive gardens and nomes, removal ot , ramshackle buidings and the plantingof trees.""Right you are," we agreed, "andhow does Paris compare with othertowns in this respect?" "It's aclean town," he responded, "and inniany respects it is a beautiful one,but no town is so perfect but thatthere might be some improvement.""Again you are right," we chirped, and these same remarks areoffered for the consideration of thepeople' of Paris.0 161EDITORIAL MUSINGS... ' Heads Up; Feet Down.Tn days of crisis men-develop atendency to talk in extremes, instreet fears, in hotel lobbies, in thestreets, the opinions heard are moreoften than not decided and exaggerated. ;The average man would saytba,f h.is fellows are divided chieflyinto two classes those who thinktthe 'country is going" to bowwows,sind those who decry the existence ofeither iault or menace.There is the superpessimist, whoilends momentum to choas by fore-'casting it; and the superoptimist,who strides blindly ahead, unas--sailable in his faith in our glorious"iistory.There is need for an-class between these two, for menwho will keep their heads erect inthe ideal and their feet.firmly planted in. the actual. It is neither necessary nor wise to shut our eyes tothefact that we are facing a crisissrerisis with many unpleasantpossibilities. But it is foolhardy to.suppose that there is nothing be-Important Little Letter.Some one has advanced the opinion that the letter "e" is the mostunfortunate character in the English alphabet, because it is alwaysout of cash, forever in debt, neverout of danger and in hell all thetime. For some reason, he overlooked the fortunes of the letter, so wecall his attention to the fact -that"e" is never in war and always inpeace. It is the beginning of existence and the end of trouble.Without it there would" beno meat, no life and no Heaven. Itis the center of honesty, makes lifeperfect and without it there couldbe no-editors, devils nor news. 'oCONSTIPATION.Most laxatives and cathartics afford only temporary relief andshould be used only for that purpose.When you want permanent relieftake Chamberlain's Tablets and becareful to observe the directionswith each package. These tabletsenergetic I not only moye tne bowels ,but im-pruve tne ctyyente cvuu. oucugiucuthe digestion.(adv-nov)oTHESE SENATORS WANTED,KNOW SOMETHING.TOTrees! Trees!PLANT NOWIFruit and Shade Trees-Blooming Shrubsv Grape VinesEvergreensPerennials; Rhubarb. Hedge-Etc.v- .Free Illustrated Catlog.No Agents,H.F.Hillenmeyer&SonsLexington, Ky.till-decl)ym white k go.jLWCVH.LE,ICY.'Literal MrfaMftttsatf fiH valti pat:FURSHCtfMMtf'MttUM(nov4-13w)JKkjSf&SPSenator Warren G. Harding, ofOhio, had a birthday a few days ago.He was telling a group of friendsabout it, adding, '"Jim Watson andI will celebrate jointly" Watsonbeing one of the Senators from Indiana. "Where did you get it?" quicklydemanded one of the group.This reminded Harding of a Senatorial party he had attended a fewnights previous.The Senator host apologized forhis limited stock and explained thebottle on the buffet was presentonly through the thoughtfulness ofone of his guests. Immediately several Senators chimed in:"Who is your friend?"o vA GOOD COUGH MEDICINE FORCHILDREN.Mrs, J. W,- Phillips, Redonz Gaphoned to J. M. Floyd, the merchantthere, for a bottle of Chamberlain'sCough Remedy and said she hadbought a bottle of it at his store recently and that it was doing fierchildren so much good that shewanted to keep up the treatment.You will find nothing better forcoughs and colds in children or foryourself. It keeps the cough loose,expectoration easy and soon freesthe system from the cold.(adv-nov)oThe nnmber of things a manknows about women fs about 1 percent of what he thinks he knows.chThe bartender who prided himselfpn his mixed drinks now realizesthat an education may be wasted.Took Medicines As Victim Grabs At. Straw, Cromwell Says Trutona Brings Needed AidPADUCAH, KY., Nov. 20. "Justas a drowning s man grabs at astraw, so have I been trying everynew medicine I heard of in an effortto get relief frrtm. long standingtroubles; and the search has notbeen in vain, for I have founds simply marvelous relief in Trutona," J.S. Cromwell, a prominent Paducahbusiness man of 312 Jackson street,said recently."I've had liver trouble ifor a longtime," he continued, 5'and lastMarch I had an infection which leftme in a terrible condition. I had abad cough. Constipation botheredme almost continually and I usuallyfelt tired and worn out. If I leanedover for any length of time I wouldbecome dizzy when I'd raise up."I smply feel like a man madeover again, since taking Trutona.My bowels act with clock-like regularity now, the dizzy spells haveceased to occur and the formerterrible cough is 100 per cent, improved. And Trutona has restored myold-time 'pep,' too. I can't say toomuch in favor of Trutona and I feelit my duty to tell the public, as itmay be the means of some othersufferer gaining relief. Trutonahas helped me where other medicines failed and I'm glad to recommend it."Trutona, the perfect tonic, is nowbeing introduced and explained inParis at the Drug Store of G. S. Varden & Son.(adv)WHY, YOU MEAN THING!-(Stanford Interior-Journal.)Actresses and actors take any kindof an opportunity to advertisethemselves and usually get - awaywith it, even those of doubtful propriety. A number of years ago JohnFox, the noted actor, created a sensation by marrying Fritzi Scheff,the comic opera artiste. She divorced him as soon as she tired of thenovelty of married life and a year ortwo later he died. Frtzi was to appear at Lexington, Monday night,and en route from Cincinnati to theblue grass city, she stopped at Parisand went" to his grave, over whichshe shed a crocodile tear and laid afloral offering. The incident wasplayed up in great style in the localnewspapers and sent all over thecountry to show what a biff heartthis heartless woman has and makepeople the more anxious to see andhear herLost RewardOn Hallowe'en night" sonieone tooka large porch chair from my residence. Would greatly appreciate itsreturn. Reward paid and no questions asked. 'WM. DALE,At Harris & Dale Restaurant.(18-3t)Attention !If you are contemplating1 buyingPiano or Player Piano and wish tosave from flOO to ?150 on investment give me a,, call,; also make., aspecialty of tuning- and adjusting.J. H. TEMPLEMAN PIANO CO.John B. Geis, Rep.818 Main Street.Cumberland Phone 578.(18-2t) ,wDlCl CYCW 111 fa SKBoHi ' mr5Help WantedGood woman wanted as a companion and help for elderly womanand make home with her. Apply toMRS. J. H. MARTIN,(14-tf) Cumberland Phone 230.For SaleOne double-burner Wilson GasHeater, good as new. Can be seenany time atMRS. C. L. BELL'S.(tf) 1219 Main Street.Farm Wanted.FARM WANTED Send description. 'C. C. SHEPHERD,(14-4t-pd) Minneapolis, Minn.PUBLIC SALEOFHousehold and Kitchen Furv niture55c a Package " ;before the Warc a packageduring the warc a packageNOWTHE FLAVOR LASTSSO DOES THE PRICE!Havingat publicsold my home,auction, onI will sellWednesday, Nov. 26, 1919,at 1:30, o'clock, p. m., at my lateresidence, corner of Duncan avenueand Vine St., all my household andkitchen furniture. Some rare bargains. MRS. R. J. NEELY,M. F. Kenney Auctioneer. -(18-3t)' y Jill Ca!IxsaklH MM J?$&gf$f&fflw ijMM J&wfflIir$f-fM tfJBmBsKm "rHfitmift2rVuvy EtrWkJ&rwf rAZA?vgmm imWm SMmMMfi iwM M&s xCv slll' W7I W gr MI 157,mmpremium WhenStanding room was at ashe appeared atLexington and she will be similarlygreeted at other points. Fritzi isgetting old and fat and has to report to such means now to draw ahouse.oTHE TEST OF MERITParis People Are Given ConvincingProof.No better test of any article canbe made than the test of time andthis is particularly true of a kidneymedicine. Doan's Kidney Pills havestood the test and stood it well.What better proof of the merits ofthis remedy could you demand,than the statement of a Paris resident who used it successfully andtells of lasting results.Read the following:Geo. McCandles, Second street,says: "My kidneys wore inactiveand- I had backaches.. Doan's Kidney Pills put a . stop to alU thetroubles and they gave me completerelief." (Statement given January117, 1912.)NO TROUBLE SINCEOver four years later, or on November 9, 1916, Mr. McCandlessaid: "I haven't had any need of akidney remedy since I last endorsedDoan's Kidney Pills. I considermyself permanently cured."Price 60c7 at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. McCandles had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.oA MAN AND HIS WIFEPECULIAR ACCIDENTmay both derive saiisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the' appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must Purely satisfy you.A phone brings ua.Robr-rt Farris, of Russell, Kansas,formerly a resident of, Flemingcounty has arrived in Paris for ayisit to his sister, Mrs. S. E. McCJanahan. Mr. Farris. who. is engaged ingrowing wheat in Kansas, mei vitha peculiar accident while at workin the harvest field sometime ago.In somp unaccountable manner awheat "beard" became lodged in hischeek -'ind it has since become imbedded in his jaw bone. He is nowundergoing treatment in a Lexington hospital, in the hope of beinrelieved of his unwelcome 'visitor.Send That Next Job of Printing to TheBourbon News. Best Work: Right PricesPUBLIC SALESTOCK,AlsoCROP AND FARMINGIMPLEMENTSBank Stock and Other SharesThe undersigned, as administrator of theestate of the late Robert Lyne, will sell atpublic auction, onTHURSDAY. DEC. 4. 1919beginning at 1 0:30 a. m. Sale will take placeat the home of Mr. Hume Payne, on theTownscnd Valley pike. Said sale is to settlethe partnership business of Payne & Lyne.PROPERTY TO BE DISPOSED OFIS AS FOLLOWS:lLEVY, THE DRYCumberland Phone 40 JmGLEANERHome Phone 169-LADY IN CHICAGO TELEGRAPHS FOR RAT-SNAP.Read Mrs. Phillips' wire: "Youell'sExterminator Co., Westfield, N. J.Rush $3 worth of RAT-SNAP."Later received following letter:"RAT-SNAP" arrived. It rid ourhouse of rats in no time. Just moved here from Ea.f where I used RATSNAP with jrreat results." Threesizes, 25e, 50c, $1.00. Sold andguaranteed by The Farmer's SupplyCo., Paris, Iy.(av-nov)- o - -Nov that the prohibition movement is in full force the world isfull' bf non-refiHable bottles;1 0 head of mules;9 head of horses;Good lot of cows;A lot of calves;A 2-year-old bull;1 68 ewes; S bucks;A nice lot of lambs;50 head of hogs;Farm implements, all kinds;corn in the shock.BANK STOCK, ETC.1 4 Shares First National Bank of Cynthiana, Ky.5 Shares Farmers and Traders- Bank of Paris, Ky.60 Shares Henry Clay Fire Insurance Company.2 Shares Cynthiana Tobacco Warehouse Company.TERMS OF SALE Liberal and made known on day of sale.W. W. MITCHELLa;D, SPEAKS, Ac.A.?.mi,?,Str,t0r "-.-V-t.!TW ?.- ,1'T AFRIDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 191THE BOTOBOH HTWS PAHS, UMTUWL!VTHAT CHANGE INWOMAN'S LlfEMr . Godden Tells How ItMay be Pasted in Safetyand Comfort. . . . iAS33uiA5uuu3uuC5533n838ffloOuQQOql fiSjjjSjSrijjjfy BPw L5tFremont, 0. "I was pawing throughthe critical period ofdifc.bfemfcJtorty-. six yean or age andnaa au-tn syjnptoms incidenttothatchange heat flashes, nervousness, andwas in a creneral runI down onditfon, soit was bard for meto do mv worlc.Lyjdia.E. Pinkham'svegetable Compound was recommended to me as thebest remedy for mytroubles, which it-surely proved to be, I feel better andstronger in every way since taking it,and tbd annoying symptoms have disappeared." Mrs. M. Godden, 925 Napoleon St, Fremont, Ohio.Such annoying symptons as heatflashes, nervousnsss, backache, headache, irritability and "the blues," maybe speedily overcome and the systemrestored to normal conditions by thisfamous root and herb remedy Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.If any complications present themselves write the Pinkham Medicine Co.,Lynn, Mass., for suggestions how toovercome them. The result of fortyyears experience is at your service andyour letter held in strict confidence.BRITISH RECTOE IXAYS TJ. S.DRY WORKERSAmerican prohibitionists who arecampaigning tolmake England "dry"were sharply criticised by the Rev.H. L. Warneford, a Wiltshire rector,in a sermon. vMr. Warneford declares ttiat "menwho would come and try to banishone of God's good gifts from ourisland had best be given a week'snotice to clear. Isn't At enough toprovoke national wrath that menshould come from over the water totry and force upon ' us measureswhich in themselves are decidedlyfishy?"What on earth is their object?"v oThere is more Catarrh" in this section of the country than all otherdiseases put together, and for yearsit was supposed to be incurable.Catarrh is a local disease, greatlyinfluenced by constitutional treatment. Hall's Catarrh! Medicine,manufactured by F. TJL Cheney &Co., Toledo, Ohio, is a constitutionalremedy, is -taken internally and actsthrough the blood on the mucoussurfaces of the system. One Hundred Dollars reward is offered forany case that Hall's Catarrh Medicine fails to cure. Send for circulars and testimonials.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by Druggists, 75c.Hall Family Pills for constipation.(adv-nov)' We are all in this business ofpeace just as we are all in the business of war. The way to win it isto 'work together and work individually just $s efllciently as possible.Save Time and MooeiBy Using aHome TelephoneResidence rate ranging from 1.35 to$3.00 per month for Bourbon Countyservice.Place your order now and avoid triefall niri on installs.Paris Home Telephone TelegraphCompany(Incorporated)J, J. Veatch, District Manages W. H. Cannon, local Manager.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OarPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Charles P. Mann, of the ParisRealty Co., made a' business trip toHenry county -this' week.Garrett S. Jefferson has gone toJacksonville, Florida, for a twoweeks' visit to relatives.Mrs. John Stuart Roberts andMiss Margaret Ferguson have returned from a visit in Cincinnati.Mrs. Robert Meteer will be hostess to the Friday Bridge Club thisafternoon, at her home near HutchTison.Mrs. Marshall Guerrant, of Louisville, is a guest at the home of Mr.and Mrs. Duncan Bell, on Highstreet.Mrs. J. W. Bacon and MissClara Bacon entertained at cardsWednesday afternoon, at their homeon Cypress street.Mr. and Mrs. Norman B.Sampson have returned from a visitin the West, and will go to Lexington to reside for the winter. ,Mrs. Eugene Foley, of Chicago,formerly Miss Louise Redmon. ofnear Clintonville, is visiting hergrandmother, Mrs. Rachel Smith.Mrs. Claude Weathers Ts rapidly improving from the effects of anoperation performed at the Good Samaritan Hospital, in Lexington, re:cently.Mrs. James W. Thompson washostess at her country home on theLexington pike, near Paris, Wednesday to the members of the Wednesday Bridge Club. ,-"Mrs. Walter Clark entertainedwith a luncheon Tuesday in compliment to Mrs. Sparks, of Marshall,Mo., who is a guest of Mrs. C. A.Daugherty and Mrs. ThompsonTarr.Mrs. James McDonald, of nearParis, .accompanied by her sister,Miss Sannie Smith, has gone to theMayo Bros.' Hospital, at Rochester,Minn., for consultation and treatment. Mrs. Henry May entertainedthe members of the Rural - BridgeClub yesterday 'at her home on theJackstown pike, near this city. Refreshments were served after thegames.Mr. John Roseberry and daughter, Miss Carolyn Roseberry, havemoved from their country home, onthe Cane Ridge pike, near Paris, tothe residence of Mrs. J. U. BO&ru-iman, on Seventh street Mr. andMrs. Hiram Roseberry have movedto the -Roseberry farm from the cottage they have been occupying onSouth Main street.Miss Josephine Leer entertained Tuesday with a luncheon-bridgein compliment to the members of theTurner-Clayton wedding . party,Misses Agnes Turner, Sara LouiseBedford, Martha Green Sharp, Alberta Moffett, Elizabeth Tarr andMessrs. Russell Clayton, LucienArnsparger, Jo 'Davis, JohnC. Clay,Harvey Rogers and Clay Gaitskill.Mrsf Mary Ireland Davis is visiting her daughter, Mrs. OffuttBoardman, in Chicago.TVfrs. D. C. Brannin, of Cincinnati, is a guest of her parents, Mr.and Mrs. D. C. Parrish, on Highstreet.Mrs. W. K. Griffin and daughter, Blanche, have returned from avisit to relatives and friends inHouston, Texas.Mr. and Mrs. Stanley Bagby arehosts to Mrs. James Morgan, of Covington, at their home on the Clintonville pike, near this city.Ollie Stark, of Chicago, a- former resident of this city, is visitinghis sisters, Mrs. W. T. Redmon andMrs. Stella BridwelL near Paris.' Miss Dollie Weathers- has returned to her home in Covington,after a visit to Misses Loraine andElizabeth Weathers, near Clintonville. Mrs. N. B. Hedges has returnedto her home in this city from theClark County Hospital, in Winchester, where she has been a patientfor some time.Miss Annie T. Miller has returned to her home in Ashland, after an extended visit to her sister,Miss Nannie Miller, and nephew,Bruce Miller, in this city.Prof. Lee Kirkpatrick, Superintendent of the Paris Public Schools;has returned from Louisville, wherehe attended the sessions of SchoolSuperintendents of the State.Russell J. Dyche, editor of theLondon, Ky., Sentinel, was a callerat THE NEWS office, Tuesday. Mr.Dyche was a guest of his sister,Mrs. Walter Martin, during his stayin Paris. 'Miss Judith Lloyd, of Maysville who is a student at HamiltonCollege, in Lexington, was a guestseveral days this week of Mrs. Garrett Jefferson and Mrs. Maria Blake,on Main street.Mrs. Maggie Haggard, Mr. andMrs. Bush Quisenberry and Mr. andMrs. Robert Quisenberrvliave returned to their home in Winchester,after a visit to Mrs. Tillie Quisenberry, in this city. -Mrs. R. H. Biddle, Si, anddaughter, Mrs. P. J. McCord, havereturned from Fleming county,where they were called by the serious illness of Mrs. BiddK's daughter, Mrs. J. H. Floia. M'..v Florais greatly improved.Danville eo&enger: "Mrs.Roy Clendenin, of Paris, spent theweek-end with her daughter, MissLouise, at K. C. W Mr. JamesWelch, of Paris,- Is visiting hisfriend, Mr. Lois Tamme, at hishome in the county'Dr. and Mrs. D. S. Henry havereturned from Nashville, Tenn.,where they entertained their daughter, Misses' Charlotte and ElizabethHenry, students in. the TennesseeCollege, in Murfreesboro, at a sixo'clock dinner at "The Hermitage."(Other Personais on Page 5)Blouse Week!A Nation - Wide Event to bev Celebrated by TJnusalJValue Giving .The purpose of this event is to promote the sale ofblouses by offering splendid values of this season's newestand best styled garments for'falfand winter wear.Close co-operation with manufacturers enabled us toprocure a goodly share of their best values from whichwe have chosen the following items as Worthy represent-'atives. Buy liberally.November 10th to15th Inclusive -lOOfSplendid Georgette and Crepe de ChineBlouses Reduced to $5.00 Each. . Colors are white, fiesh, navy, bisque, taupe andblack. High or low neck designs, plain tailored or lacetrimmed. 65 Very Handsome Georgette Crepe Blouses Reduced to $7.50 EachThese blouses are made of heavy quality Georgette,in all shades, including white, flesh, navy, brown, taupeand bisque, also a few fine white net blouses are included .75 White Voile and Batiste Waists Reduced to$1.98Plain tailored, lace trimmed and colored trimmed designs in a great variety of beautiful and serviceable models for present a well as spring wear.We direct particular attention to a special offering ofTailored Suits and Tailored Cloth Dresses at the reducedprices of$39,50 and $49.50Wolf, Wile C& Co.iLexington, Ky.mEDW. BURKE, President-H. S. CAYWOOD, Vice PresidentJNO. T. COLLINS, ManagerBOURBONTOBACCOWAREHOUSEHaving Received Positive Assurance From the Heads of the Big CompaniesThat Their Buyers will be on Hand, Announce Their Opening Sale forWEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 3TOBACCO RECEIVED ANY TIME AFTER NOVEMBER 15COME TO THE OPENING AND SEE5 ,ouRIMEWHOUEConsider These Facts:1. The Paris market sold 12,000,000 pounds of tobacco the past seasonfor the highest average obtained on any market in Kentucky.2. The Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Company sold in their two housesmore than 8,000,000 pounds of tobacco for the highest average on Paris market. 3. We now have three of the best and finest lighted houses in Kentucky.. 4. Our Auctioneer, Mr. Wikoff, will be back. He is in a class by himself,as those who have heard him know.5. We have the best starter in Kentucky.6. This Company has held down the fees on the Paris market for sevenyears and will hold them down again this year in spite of the fact that we werestrongly urged to raise them.7. This means a saving of 30 cents per hundred on $40 tobacco; a savingof 35 cents per hundred on $50 tobacco and 40 cents per hundred on $60 to-'bicco. Last season the lower fees saved the patrons of Paris market $36,000.s8. We do hot try to pinhook our customers, but do our best to give all thesame treatment and the best information at our command at all times. Last season we advised everybody to hold tobacco until January 1st. We now want toinform you that tobacco is very, very high in North Carolina, and judging ourmarket by that, as we have Eeen able to do in the past, good bright tobacco willbe very high in Kentucky. The apparent large per cent, of low grade tobacco inthis crop has a tendency to make us apprehensive of lower prices for commontobacco, though we are glad to note a very considerable advance in low gradesupon hogshead market in the past ten days.9. It will pay you to put your tobacco over the floor. The speculatorwho offers to buy expects to make money and is probably better posted thanyou. ,10. Tak. pains in stripping and sorting and let us sell yoir crop for theHighDollar. v ' ' ,A. 'B.C. M.JAS.A. L.HANCOCK.CLAY, JR..CALDWELL,w tLfDIRECTORSH. S. CAYWOOD,ED. BURKE,SAM CLAY,W. M. ROGERS,t -9-yc. d. wilson, :S. R. BURRIS -TOMBROCK,JNO. T. COLLINS.i;VIt535Sy - - -v, s' ' f-Ii .t-HL'!fs Ittf.','l)Mr"V-- ' : .- --" V " 'J A 'Jl; "'"V w-; JFRIDAX, NOVEMBER- 21, Itiv4CHTE TASTE, OF THE WJLB, WILD JWJSST.A party of young men, en routeto Millersburg late Sunday ni&ht,ave the pedestrians on the streetat that hour a .genuine sample of-what the old days must have beenIn the wild and woolly West.Riding in an automobile with thepeed of the wind behind them thejarty burned up Mam street, and asthey passed the corner of Main andThird a volley of revolver shotspunctured the stillness of the air.The shots came from revolvers inthe possession of ttie "night-riders,"and the flash from their gunswas plainly seen by several passersy. As they "bowled merrilythrough the East Paris bridge therioters fired two more shots, and inBast Paris there was another salvo.Who they were and what the occasion of their demonstration will perhaps remain one of the mysteriesthat even Alexander may not be able-to solve.We WantLiberty Bondsall issues. War StampsWill pay top market price.S. T. & E. W. RANDLE CO.Phone 1229X Fayette Bank BIdg.LEXINGTON, KY.(till-Janl )FOR SALEHeating and Cooking Used, but in good condition,At AboutHalf PriceThe Busy Bee CashStore.(24-4t)A SpecialPurchaseMen's SuitsandOvercoatsJEnables us to offer the sea-son's latest styles in -extragood values$25, $27.5M30Worth -much more. Seethem while our stock iscomplete-Twin Bros.Men's StoreX. WOIISTEXN, Proprietor619 Maui StreetStovesSfks & m?s IIII " THEUNIVEHSALCARI There are mere than 3,000,000 Fcrd cars in I& daily service throughout the world, and fully JljI eighty per cent of these are Ford Touring Cars. fa There are many reasons for this, not the least cf 8I -which is tlie simplicity in the design of the car, j jn so easy to understand; likewise it is easy to ill SJ operate; and mighty inexpensive compared to fI . f other motor cars. On the fr.rm, in t!:e city, forB business and fcr family pleasure, it is the car of v IB v the people, and the demand h increasing every Ip. QJ y- ct U3 iave )"otir orc-er promptly if yea jwant one. Jljjfljk, Ruggies Motor Co.JHJUk Bank Row Paris,. Ky.SLLLcEfv IS N ill--lizirTSi II Ix MATRIMONIAL.A marriage license was issuedTuesday afternoon from the office ofCounty Clerk Pearce Paton, to MissLena Mitchelltree, 21, and ElmerLinville, 21, both of the Millersburgvicinity.The following announcementhas been received:"Mrs. Margaret ' H. Cook announces the marriage of her daughter, Stella August, to Mr. JosephRaymond Booth, Saturday,, theeighth of November, one thousandnine hundred and nineteen, Covington. Ivy. At home after November twentieth, 15 Elmarch avenue-,Cynthiana, Ky."County Clerk Pearce Paton hada field day Wednesday in issuingmarriage licenses. The necessarydocuments authorizing the linkingtogether for life of the followingparties vere Issued: S. Brooksj Woodford, 26, and Miss KatherineWeathers, 25; Russell Clayton, 21,and Miss Sara Agnes Turner, 21,and Palmer R. Myers, 21, and MissPearl Brown, 21, all of Paris.BARNES FARMER.J. W. Farmer, of Poindexter,Harrison county, and Miss EllaBarnes, of East Bernstadt, weremarried in Cynthiana, Wednesdayafternoon. The "bride has been aguest of her aunt, Mrs. Sweet, onRailroad street, in this city, forseveral days. They will reside atthe home of the groom, in Poindexter. BROWN MYERS.The marriage of Miss PearlBrown and Mr. Palmer Myers, bothof this city, was solemnized Wednesday morning at ten o'clock atthe home of the bride's parents, Mr.and Mrs. C. W. Brown, on Cliftonavenue. Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor ofthe Paris Christian church, performed the ceremony.The bride is an attractive youngwoman, who has been for sometimea member of the sales force at -theSimon department store. The groomis a son of Mr. and Mrs. EdwardMyers, of High street, and is a member of the clerical force in the yardmaster's office of the Louisville &Nashville, at this point.PORTER McCOUN.The wedding of Miss DazeyMoore Porter, of Lexington, formerly a member of the Paris HighSchool faculty, to Capt. Bullitt McCoun, of Mt. Sterling, was solemnized at five o'clock Wednesday afternoon, at the home of the bride'sfather, Mr. J. W. Porter, on Kentucky avenue,-in Lexington, the ceremony being performed by Rev. I. J.Spencer. The hride was given inmarriage by her father.The wedding music for the happyoccasion was played by Mr. SidneyFreeman, violinist, Mrs. MoynerMoberley, pianist, and Mr. Bryson,'celloist, Miss Eunice KatherineShouse, of Lexington, was bridesmaid . The Dridesmaids wereMisses Elizabeth Hagan, of MLSterling, a cousin of the bride; Elizaheth McCoun, of Mt. Sterling, sister of the groom; Mrs. W. W. Taylor and Miss Helen Bannister, bothof Lexington. The best man wasMr. William S. Calkins, of Rochester, N. Y., and the groomsman, Mr.Thad Rice, of Providence, Ky.After receiving congratulationsfrom the assembled friends and relatives, Capt. and Mrs. McCoun leftfor a bridal trip to White SulphurSprings, Va, On their return theywill make their home at The Cromwell, in Frankfort. A number ofrthe bride's friends from Paris attended the wedding. Mrs. McCounhas a large circle of warm and admiring friends here wno wish herall joy and happiness.WEATHERS WOODFORDA wedding that came as a distinct surprise -to all save intimatefriends who were "in" on the secret,-was that which occurred in Harrodsburg, Wednesday afternoon, at2:30 o'clock, at the home of theofficiating minister, Rev. J. j. Rice,formerly pastor of the Paris Presbyterian church. The principals inthe happy event were both membersof prominent Bourbon' county families, Mr. S. Brooks Woodford andMiss Katherine Weathers.The happy couple, accompaniedby Mrs. Thornwell Tadlock and -Mrs.Brent Haley, of Paris, sisters of thebride-elect, Mrs. James Woodfordand Messrs. Scott and Archie Woodford, of the county, brothersof the groom-elect motored to Harrodsburg, where Rev. Rice, a personal friend of the contracting parties, pel-formed the ceremony.Following the ceremony, Mr. andMrs. Woodford, after receiving thecongratulations and good wishes oftheir friends and relatives, left fora bridal trip to New Orleans andother cities in the South, wherethey will remain a month, and ontheir return will be "at home" totheir friends, after Dec. 15, at "Arcadia," the country home of thegroom, near Paris.The bride is the youngest daughter of Mr. and Mrs. S. ' LetcherWeathers, of near Cintonville, and'is one of the most accompished andwinsome of Bourbon county's youngwomen. The groom is a prosperousand popular young farmer, the sonof Mr. and Mrs. Benj. Woodford,Sr., of Paris. He has recently returned from overseas service withthe American Expeditionary Forcein France, where he was stationedfor over a year.TURNER CLAYTON.The wedding of Miss Sara Agnes Turner, and Mr. Russell Clayton, two popular young1 societypeople of Paris, was solemnized atthe Christian church, in this city,at four o'clock yesterday afternoon,the ceremony being performed byRev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of thechurch. The edifice was filled withfriends and relatives of the youngpeople.The wedding party was composedof Miss Sarah Louise Bedford, maidof honor, Mr. John C. Clay, thegroom's best man, and the bridesmaids, Misses Elizabeth Tarr, ofParis, Martha Green Sharp, ofMaysville, and Josephine Leer andAlberta Moffett, both of Millersburgpersonal friends of the bride. Theushers were Messrs. Clay Gaitskill,Harvey Rogers, Jos. Davis, Jr., Lucien Arnsparger and Robert Turner.Immediately after the ceremonyMr. and Mrs. Clayton left for ashort bridal trip, and on their return will make their home in thiscity.The bride is a hansome and vivacious young woman, popular in society circles, and one whose friendsin this and surrounding towns arelegion. She is the daughter of Mr.and Mrs. Wm. F. Turner, of Cypress street. The groom is a wellknown and prominent young business man, being connected with theclothing firm of Mitchell & Blakemore, in this city. He is a son ofMrs. Amanda Clayton, of SouthMain street.In the union of hearts and handsthese young people have reached theculmination of a courtship that began many months ago, and whichhas brought to them the full fruition of love's young dream. THENEWS wishes them all happinessthat can come to those who lovetruly and well.LANCASTER.Mr. Charles J. Lancaster, ofParis, received a message telling ofthe death in Omaha. Nebraska, ofhis brother, George W. Lancaster,aged seventy-six, a former residentof this city and of Lexington. Mr.Lancaster was well-known here.He was a man of jovial disposition,and had a large circle of friends andacquaintances here who will regretto hear of his death.Mr. Lancaster is survived by hiswidow, and by eight chlidren by aformer marriage. Also by fourbrothers, Charles J. Lancaster, ofParis; E. C, Henry and H. C. Lancaster, of Lexington; three sisters,Mrs. J. ,F. Floyd, Mrs. J. B. Elliottand Miss Margaret Lancaster, of.Lexington.The funeral and burial took placein Omaha, Tuesday.BEAN.Mrs. Susan Bean, well-knownin the county, died Tuesday nightat the home of her daughter. Mrs.Jefferson Wells, in North Middletown, after a short illness of a complication of diseases. She was adaughter of John and Lucy Bean, ofMontgomery county. She is survived by four children, Mrs. Jefferson Wells, of North Middletown,Mrs. Alice Lowe, of Clark county,Mrs. Malcolm Sheets, of Jessaminecounty and Mrs. Leora Chandler, ofLexington, and one sister, MrsMattie Miller, of Fayette county.The funeral was held yesterdaymorning at ten o'clock, at the residence of Mrs. Wells, with servicesconducted by Rev. F. M. Tinder,pastor of the North MiddletownChristian church. The body wastaken to Winchester, where the interment took place in the Winchester Cemetery.McCANN.John M. McCann, a former resident of Paris, died AX his home,433 Irvine street, -in Toledo, Ohio,Friday night, after an illness ofone week. He had been in failinghealth for several years.'Mr. McCann was born in Paris.He was a son of the late Mr. andMrs. James McCann, pioneer residents of Paris, who resided 1n theold home at the corner of Main andSeventh streets, afterward occupiedby George Rassenfoss as a restaurant, and which was torn down tomake way for the present clothinghouse of R. P. Walsh. He receivedhis education in the schools of hisday and became proficient as ascholar. At the age of thirty-fivehe moved to Norfolk, Ohio; andlater to Toledo, where be tookDEATHS. .- -, jmi - '"ZT'LScene from "Common Clay," presented by Shannon Stock Co., GrandOpera House, one week, commencingMonday, November 24.WINCHESTER WANTS BETTERDEPOT ACCOMMODATIONSThe Winchester Daily Democrat,in noting the move to erect a newpassenger station in Paris, says:"Paris citizens have filed a petition with Mayor E. B. Janury asking the L. & N. to establish a newdepot there."Traveling men in and out ofWinchester claim the local depot,although in better condition thanmany more in the State, should beextended and the passenger roomsmade larger."charge of the local byanch of theU. S. Weather Bureau. Later heentered the drug business, and conducted a store at the corner ofHuron and Lagrange streets untilhe retired about eight years ago.Mr. McCann and wife were in Parisa few years ago visiting his niece,Miss Jessie Brown. He was a member of the Toledo Lodge of Masons.He is survived by his widow, twobrothers, Edward McCann, of Richmond, Ky., and James Ray McCann,of Chicago, who gained fame as anactor, and two sisters, Mrs. R. J.Carpenter, of Louisville, and Mrs.R. A. Hale, of Brooklyn, New York.The funeral and burial took placein Toledo, Tuesday.HINTON.Mrs. Walter Clark received atelegram from St. Petersburg, Florida, yesterday, stating that Mr. Wm.W. Hinton, of this city, died theresuddenly after a short illnesss. Themessage gave no other particulars.The body will arrive in Paris tonight-atseven o'clock from theSouth, and will be taken to thehome of Mrs. Clark, on Fifteenthstreet. The funeral arrangementshad not been completed last night,but the funeral will probably beheld Sunday.Mr. Hinton was a son of the lateMr. and Mrs. James Hinton, whofor years resided at the old Hintonfarm, near Kenney, in this county.Mr. Hinton's father was a notedhorticulturist and gardner and tookgreat pride in his products. Thedeceased was a resident of Parismost of his life, but went West andengaged in business in Kansas Cityfor several years. Returning toParis he became interested in several enterprises and was for sometime in the real estate business.He was for a time manager of theParis Grand Opera House. He wasa man who was well-liked by allwho knew him. Mr. and Mrs. Hinton had just arrived in St. Petersburg, having left Paris only lastSunday.He is survived by his widow andone nephew, Jas. Hinton, who is inthe aerial service of the UnitedStates in one of the Western can- Jtonments.collier:-Mrs. Louise Collier.of nearMillersburg, aged sixty-eight, wifeor iir. j. n. collier, died at theMassie Memorial Hospital, in thiscity, yesterday afternoon at 2:30o'clock, after a long illness ofBright's disease. Mrs. Collier hadbeen in failing health for some time,but had been up and about herhome until last Monday. She wasbrought to the hospital Wednesdaymorning.Mrs. Collier was formerly MissLouise Ishmael, and, was born andreared in the Millersburg community, where she resided nearly all herlong and useful life. She was a devoted member of the Presbyterianchurch, and active in all its work.Last Tuesday, Mr. and Mrs. Colliercelebrated their golden wedding anniversary, at which time they wererecipients of scores of good wishesana congratulations from relativesand friends. She was one of a family of three children.Mrs. Collier is survived by herhusband; Mr. J. H. Collier, of Millersburg, four sons, M. Peale Collier, Orie Collier, Frank. Collier andElda Collier, of this city, all ofwhom were at fcer bedside when theend came. One sister, Mrs. FrankieCollins, of Millersburg, also survivesher.- The body was taken to her oldhome in Millersburg. The funeralwall be held at the family residencem Millersburg at 2:00 o'clock Saturday afternoon, with services conducted by Rev. W. W. Morton, pastor of the Presbyterian church, assisted by Rev. A. S. Venahle. Thepurial will follow onvhe family lotin the, Millersburg 'Cemetery."Mhe Kitchen CabinetSvcs LaborSaves TimeSaves FoodsNow in aMillion and aHalf HomeThe FavoriteThis scientific labor saver was the pioneerkitchen helper, and throughout the years it has heldfirst place among housewives because it offers somany features that cannot be secured elsewhere.Until you see the Hoosier demonstrated youcannot realize how it will save your time andstrength as well as make your kitchen convenientand attractive.Made in several beautiful models and pricedwithin the reBch of all. Demonstrations made atany time. Ask the salesman.A. F. WHEELER & CO.CHAS. GREEN, ManagerOpp. Court House Paris, Kentuckybrooks & Snapp Drug CtJHimuigsa.j-miasitsiISiIk-IDon't Worry About theLaundryLet Us Demonstrate theEden ElectricWashing MachineIn Your Own HomeT. W. SPICER314 Main St. Paris, Kentucky., East TcnntssM PhontU3; Ham Hmii1HIEthat saves miles of stepsFor 20 Yearsi icJi.tjjjAy"srinnT'nitjc,j,iJ4.jj't:-mtffllD'?&'-'' "" ""t -2- w-" r" r'-v..:k.. 8&r'Jt '.-MS .t4"4a4A'.&yw r.- '.v9 4 Z& ' V ,y3&V ' ".. - '. 4".. ' -a" fS f :'"-s"H"JdOr'T VT1 j . - 2.r.t--OPv , 'x - . f'1 ' ' -.VIV.. -v"j.j'YW!--', s.i ePRIDAY. NOVEMBER 21, ISISi, . i?;.', - ?tt &?!):THE SOTJBBOHHEWS, rAJtB5,x-?tfcv "?".tl)fOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSETURKEYS! TURKEYS!VVe are through receiving turkeys for the Thanksgiving market, but our pens will be openedagain on December 1st to receive turkeys for the Christmasmarket, at which time we willpay highest market price.(lS-tf)oFRUITS AflD NUTS.All kinds of fresh, nuts and driedfruits- This stock is especially niceand strictly first-class.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.o .PIE SUPPER T0-!NIGHTI'ae teacher and pupils of thePuidy School will conduct a piesupper in the school building, this(Friday) evening, at 7:30 o'clock.The proceeds of the supper will bedevoted to the benefit of the Kentucky Orphan's Home, at Louisville.oTHANKSGIVING BAY.SOCIAL ASD PERSONAL,,Comings and Goings of Ourrcopie Here, There andElsewhere.Next Thursday, .November 27,will be Thanksgiving Day. Being anational holiday, the banks andpostoffice will be closed, and theusual regulations covering the delivery of city and. rural mail will beobserved. Services will be held inthe churches, and business houses,for the most part, will be closed.WAR MOTHERS MEETINGAt the meeting of the BourbonCounty Chapter of American WarMothers, held in the court house,an interesting report of the StateConvention held in Lexington, waspresented by Mrs. Walter Payne".The War Mothers will take the initiative in collecting the amount apportioned to Bourbon county for theState Memorial, which, will be erected on the campus of the State University at Lexington.oATTENTION FARMERS! LET USKILL YOUR HOGS.We are especially prepared andnow ready to slaughter your hogsfor you, and. can do it better andcheaper that you can. We will alsorender your lard and make yoursausage. Call us over the phoneand we will do the rest.MARGOLEN'S SANITARY MEATMARKET. (2l-tf)rrsNOW "COLONEL JAMES H.THOMPSON."Mr. James H. Thompson, recentlyelected to represent Bourbon countyin the next session of the KentuckyLegislature, has been selected byGovernor James D. Black, as a Colonel on his staff. Won't our Representative look resplendant when hedons the trappings and uniform ofhis new office and prances alongwith the other dignitaries at the inauguration ceremonies to be held inFrankfort, December 9? ColonelThompson has received his commission, and is now ready to upholdthe dignity of his country in theservice of the State as a member ofthe Governor's band of gold-lacedColonels..A LADYMrs. Mary McShane is visitingrelatives in Cleveland. Ohio.Mrs. Edward Lee, of Covington, is a guest of her parents, Mr.and Mrs. Finley Saunders, of Mainstreet.Mrs. Dan W. Peed, who hasbeen under treatment at the MassieMemorial Hospital, is rapidly recovering. Mrs. Minnie Mullins, of HorseCave, Ky., is a guest at the homeof her aunt, Mrs. Minnie Hooper,on East Eighth street.Mrs. Julia Houston, who is apatient at the Massie MemorialHospital, is recovering there fromthe effects of a recent operation.Mrs. John Haskins has returned to her home near Paris, from theMassie Memorial Hospital, in thiscity, where she has been a patientfor some time.Mr. and Mrs. Custis Talbottentertained the members of theHouston Avenue Bridge Club attheir home on Houston avenue,Tuesday evening.Charles Barlow, who sustaineda broken leg recently in an automobile accident, is resting comfortably at the Massie Memorial Hospital, where he was removed shortlyafter the occurrence.Forrest Fightmaster, of thecounty, who recently underwent anoperation at the Massie MemorialHospital, for appendicitis, is reported as making satisfactoryprogress toward recovery.Leonard Fitzwater, of Cynthiana, a returned overseas soldier,who was wounded in the leg byshrapnel, is recovering at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city,from an operation on the woundedmember.Stanford Interior-Journal: Mrs.L. M. Westerfield is over from Paris,the guest of Mrs. M. D. Elmore. . . .Mr. and Mrs. Wachs and daughters,Misses Verna and Eula Wachs, ofParis, motored over and spent theday with their relatives, Mr. andMrs. M. C. Turpin."Mr. and Mrs. George Kellerwill entertain Monday at their homeon the Bethlehem pike, with a sixo'clock dinner, the occasion beingthe celebration of their tenth wedding anniversary. The hostess willbe assisted in entertaining by herniece, Miss Anna McKenna, of Lexington.Rev. Julian A. McClintock, accompanied by Mrs. McClintock andchildren, of Madison county, areguests of Mrs. McClintock's parents,Mr. and Mrs. E. D. Campbell, in thiscity. Rev. McCormick has just concluded a successful revival meetingat the Second Presbyterian church,in Richmond.Mr. Jos. J. Groshe received atelegram yesterday from Rochester,Minn., stating that his brother,Louis Grosche, had undergone asuccessful operation at the MayoBros.' Hospital, at that place, andwas doing nicely. This is goodnews to the many friends hereof Mr. Grosche, who hope his recovery will be rapid and permanent.The first public reception willbe given in Frankfort at the Executive Mansion, Tuesday, by Gov. andMrs. Black, which will be attendedby many Paris people. Alarge attendance from all parts of the Stateis expected to attend this socialfunction, at which Mrs. Black andher charming daughter, Miss Geitrude, will preside.Mrs. Varden Shipp entertainedat her home in Clintonville, at cards,honor of her guest, Mrs. H. I.wedding at .the Christian church .inParis, Thursday afternoon."Mrs. William Howard, of Richmond, is a guest of relatives in ttilscity.The initial meeting of theTuesday Bridge Club was held withMrs. Fay Ardery as hostess . Thefollowing members were presentand took part in the games: Mesdames John F. Davis, Edward Prichard, Robert Ferguson, White Varden, Oscar T. Hinton, StanhopeWiedemann, Fayette Ardery, MissesNancy Griffith, Carolyn Roseberryand Mary Fithian Hutchcraft.One of the most delightful social entertainments of the fall season was the huff et-luncheon ' and reception given yesterday by Mrs.Buckner Woodford at her beautifulhome on Main street. The hourswere from one to three, duringwhich time a large number of invited guests called and partook ofthe bounteous hospitality of thehostess. Mrs. Woodford was assisted in receiving and entertainingher guests by her mother, Mrs.Belle Brent Alexander, and her sister, Mrs. Owen L. Davis. Mrs.JUlian Frank and Mrs. Thos. W. Allen presided at the punch bowl.Mrs. Milton Browning,. Mrs. .Albert Hinton, Mrs. John Woodford,Mrs. James Woodford and Miss 01lie Butler assisted in entertainingand serving the guests. The homewas artistically decorated and- presented a most alluring appearancein the soft illumination afforded bythe cleverly-placed lighting. During the afternoon music .was rendered by Lexington artists at the -pianoand on the violin. The afternoon was one of unalloyed enjoyment to both hostess and guests.(Other Personals on Page 3.)oCUT FLOWERSCut flowers and designs for all occasions provided on short notice.(21-2t) JO. VARDEN.oBUY AT H0MEPART0NIZE APROSPEROUS AND GROWINGHOME INSTITUTIONInsist that your grocer furnish you"home-baked" bread and cakes. If hehasn't our goods, we will make deliveries through him. Try "AmericanBeauty," "Mother's" and Salt Risingbread. A full line of cakes and pies.Our bakery is neat and clean and everything is handled in a sanitaryway. Our telephone is 376.PARIS BAKING CO..(Successors to Wilmoth & Co.)(18-2t). oLETTHERE BE LIGHT ANDTHERE IS LIGHT.Knows qualities when she seesthem. We are selling as we advertized in the last issue of this paper,all our carried-over boys' and children's suits at the old prices, $7.50,$8.50 and $10,000, much less thanthe wholesale price. It will reallypay you to come in and look themover, as they are wonderful bargains, and many of them are beltedmodels and all made by Sampeck,and strictly all wool. We have already sold many of these and advise an early inspection.(It) J. W. DAVIS & CO.oTRAINMEN ELECT OFFICERSThe following officers, to serveduring the ensuing term, were elected at the recent meeting of theBrotherhood of Railway Trainmen,in this city:President, G. T. Hamilton; Vice-president, Rhodes Reese; Secretarytreasurer, C. A. Amyx; LegislativeRepresentative, E. S. Gutzeit; Conductor, S. J. Bryant; Chaplain, O. C.Swinford; Warden, C. W. Earleywine; Inner Guard, J. E. Hughes;Outer Guard, G. H. Houston; AgentOfficial Publication, W. C. Hamilton; Local Committee, G. T. Hamilton, chairman, C. A. Amyx, secretary, C. A. Hughes.The lodge has changed its hour ofmeeting from 1:30 to 3:30 Sundayafternoons. The members are askedto make a note of this change oftime.AND STILL THEY COME.During the past week or more thestreets of Paris have been what maybe best described as dark, darker,darkest, due to a break in the machinery at the plant of the ParisGas & Electric Co. A piston rod onthe big engine operating the machinery broke, throwing the plantout of commission, the result heingthe almost complete cessation ofthe street arc lighting system.J. P. Pope, manager of the Lexington Utilities. Co., came to Paris,Tuesday, and had a conference withMayor January and officials of theElectric Light Co., at which anagreement was reached and arrangements made for supplyingParis with current from the Lexington power house until the properrepairs could be made at the localplant. The streets are now lightedas usual.mFoster, of Paris. The guests for theoccasion were Mesdames H. E. Foster, Frank Buchanan, I. C. Haley,Virgil Gait&kill, Mary W. Haley,Willis Liver, R. S. Darnaby, LucienTerrill, G. C. Crawford, W. C.Worthington, Misses Mary Gorham.Ethlyn Smith and Roberta Gorman.An informal dance will begiven in tne .Fans mgn ac-nooigymnasium to-night (Friday) November 21, by the Senior Class ofthe P. H. S. The hours will be fromeight to ewelve. Music will be furnished by Bishop's Saxophone Trio.Admission, fifty cents. The proceeds will be used for the benefit ofthe P. H. S. library fund.Paris society people will attend the annual ThanksgivingDance to be given in the PhoenixHotel ball room at Lexington nextWednesday night promoted by Mr.W. P. Walton, Jr. The music forthe dancers will be furnished byHandy's Orchestra, of New York.Mr. and Mrs. Charles A. Webber, ofParis, are on the list of chaperonesfor this dance. The hours will befrom nine to three o'clock.The first meeting of the reorganized Six-Hand Euchre Clubwhich disbanded temporarily duringthe world war, will be held at thehome of Mrs. Samuel (Jlay, nearParis, at two o'clock, this (Friday)afternoon. In the reorganization ofthe Club, the personnel has changedconsiderably, only two of the present members being on the list in1889. The following have registered as members: Mesdames ThomasTalbott, Cordie Parker, Laura Wiggins, warren sogers, vjaiesuy wuuuford, Sr., Albert Hinton, JamesWoodford, Rebecca Duke, Benj.Woodford, Thompson Tarr, AnnaLee Clay and Semuel Clay.Winchester Democrat: "Mr.Emanuel VanMeter, son of Mr. andMrs. Thomas W. L. VanMeter, hasrecently been elected president ofhis class at Millersburg MilitaryInstitute. Mr. VanMeter was hereto attend the Rogers-VanMeterwedding Mr. and Mrs. Asher-ton Gilkey, of North Miaaietown,have returned home after a visit toMr. and Mrs. Carl RobbinsAmong the new members enrolled inthe Paris Chapter U. D. C, are MrsRobert Lee Wilson and Mrs. JessieLetton, both formerly of Winchester Chapter.. ..Mrs. w. Jtf. .rinneii,Mias Ruth. Mr. . Spencer Pinnell,BIRTHS.Near Ruddles Mills, to the wifeof Charles Allen, a daughter.In Frankfort, to the wife ofSterling Thornton, formerly MissMattie Orme, of near Clintonville, adaughter.Mr. and Mrs. Floyd Holliday,of near Paris, are the proud parents of a fine son, who arrived Sunday night at the home of Mr. andMrs. James Munday, in Winchester.Wanted-OId Hams.Wanted, Old Country Hams.Bring them to us. Highest cashprice paid at times.E. H. BRANNON & CO.,(21-3t-pd) 418 Main Street.For SaleMahogny fine finished office deskand chairs, used only a few weeks.Several composition black boardsnever used. One large and one smallrug, one boy's desk. Inquire atBLUEGRASS OIL EXCHANGE,(21-3t-pd) 418 Main Street.While returning to their homenear this city from church atJackstown, Charles Claypole andfamily had a narrow escape fromserious injury when the front oftheir automobile was demolished incontact with a small tree on- theside of the pike. Mr. Claypole, whowas driving, lost control of the machine, but managed to steer into atree, with results as stated above.All the occupants were given a severe shaking-up, but escaped injury. While returning to their homesnear North Middletown on a motorcvrt T?mnir Tavlor and JamesBivin sustained severe bruises when!the machine became unmanageable,and threw them off, after crashing:a . c ima Uitmtis "wasthrown overthe wall and the mo-J Misses 'Ann Nelson anBetty WinnNotice to StockholdersHolders of certificates of stock inBurley Tobacco Co. (1909 pool),will present them to the undersigned at the Bourbon Bank, where a100 distribution awaits them.Checks can not be delivered without certificates.JNO. T. COLLINS.(21-2t)Special TomorrowAll Sizes and StylesRoasting Pans$1.49 upThe FairWonderful SaleOF$$200Sample Coats and SuitsBy taking quick advantage of an unusual buying opportunity we have been able to secure a wonderful collectionof Sample Coats and Suits, which we are offering to ourpatrons at the closest possible prices. We invite yourinspection, feeling sure you will be delighted with thesemodels.Elegant materials made up in the latest fashions somefur trimmed, others plain tailored all beautifully lined.Silvertone, Peach Bloom, Velour, Tinseltone, Cameleon.50 toNational Blouse WeekNovember 1 0-1 5Whatever you may choose from this complete and lovelycollection of blouses you may feel assured it is quite correctin style and coSor.The Blouse and Overblouse are equally favored and youwill find charming models in Georgette, Silk and Crepe deChine; high or round necks.See Our WindowsHARRY SIMON224 W. Main St.Lexington, Ky.Main StreetParis, Ky.'Vitfix up your Home f(vWuujuNv before you $J-IVdive ha party. We have e f sbeau fURWTUREjPAMrs. Homelover:notWhether you are going to give a party orfix up your home for your family and friends.New things are a delight to every woman,particularly new rugs and furniture. This is notsurprising because a'woman lives in her home, andwants to be PROUD of it.Fit out your home with our high quality stylenew furniture and rugs. They last a long time.Our PRICES are always LOW for the HIGHQUALITY we sell. v- r , .S".'fi&JtVTHE J. T. HINTON CO.EITHERPHONE 36PARIS, KENTUCKY SIXTH AND MAINMotor Hearse Motor Invaikl Coach Undertakingr-Vtorcycle demolished.Bush attended the T,urner-ClaytonN'-,"-fa' ff-ljprj-4-."" y- '-s-wvi WIWVHTHX 10TOB0 JIIWS, PUIS, JXITbCUFRIDAY, NOVEMBER 11, lllf,SrSAFE, GENTLE REMEDYBRINGS SURE RELIEFPer 200 years GOLD MEDAL HaarlemOil has enabled suffering humanity towithstand attacks of kidney, liver,Madder and stomach troubles and alldiseases connected with the urinaryorgans and to build up and restore tohealth organs weakened by disease.These most important organs must bewatched, because they filter and purifythe blood; unless they do their workyou are doomed.Weariness, sleeplessness, nervousness,despondency, backache, stomach trouble, pains In the loins and lower abdomen, gravel, difficulty when urinating, rheumatism, sciatica and lumbagoall warn you of trouble with your kid--mys.GOLD MEDAL Haarlem Oil CapAN INTERESTING ITEMChicago will -"be the battlegroundthis year for the annual struggleletween the best corn producers ofthe entire country to determine wliowill be crowned corn king of theUnited States. The struggle will bestaged at the International Hay andGrain Show, which will be held inconnection with the InternationalIiive Stock Exposition at the UnionStock Yards, November 29 to December 6. This is the first grainBEAUTY SECRETS!Whereshegets hergood looks,her healthy skin,her pinkcheeks, isa T, 4.a iuiuhu iflj- every one,because .'it is apparent that it isnot due to cosmetics, paint andpowder. But . the true womanlybeauty comes from good healthjand this good health is a woman'ssecret.Health comes with good physical machinery .and good spirits,a'n active digestion. A body freefrom pains and aches comes with1a tonic known for over fiftyjyearaas the best "temperance" tonicand nervine for woman namely.Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription!It can be obtained in anyidrugstore in, liquid or tablet form, oriend 10c to Dr. Pierce Invalids7Hotel, Buffalo, N. Y.Cleansing of the intestinal tractis important. Take castor oil orselect a vegetable pill. Such aone is "composed of May-apple,leaves of aloe,vroot of jalap, andmade into tiny sugar-coated pellets, to be had at every drug stoieas Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets.MARGOLEN SSpecial To-day10-pound bucketLard; $3.00Fresh Reelfoot Lake Fish7 Baltimore OystersMflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketAetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFireTheft. CollisionProperty DamageLiabilityAnd Other- Casualties . r ") . . IT ED Ev-- .-AAGENT5sules art the remedy you need. Takithree or four every day. The healingoil soaks into the cells and lining oithe kidneys and drives out the poisonsNew life and health will surely followWhen your normal vigor has been restored continue treatment for a whilto keep yourself In condition and prevent a return of the disease.Don't waif until you are incapable offighting. Start taking GOLD MEDALHaarlem Oil Capsules today. Your druggist will cheerfully refund your moneyif you are not satisfied with results.But be sure to get the original imported GOLD MEDAL and accept no substitutes. In three sizes. Sealed packages. At all drug stores.show since 1914, because of thewar. ,Allready the entry list is large,with the very" best corn growers inthe country competing for the ?10,000 in prizes offered by the Chicago Board of Trade.In addition to the corn which willbe on display from the variousStates, fourteen agricultural colleges will have exhibits of an educational nature.One of the special features willbe a miniature farm. This will be acomplete layout of a farm, showingthe number of cattle, hogs, sheep,horses, chickens, etc., that an average cornbelt farm can profitablycarry. It also will show a goodgood crop rotation, with the farmall laid so as to save labor and increase the efficiency of the operator.Judging from the many entries ofcorn, oats, wheat and all kinds ofhay now being received, the showthis year will far surpass that ofprevious years. The corn and smallgrain growers jiot only are interested, but the hay producers, who -aregiven an opportunity to show whatthey can do, will be at the how inforce. 4oAnother reason why a salesladythinks a man shopper hasn't gotany sense is because he is willing toiDuy a collar button without tryingit on.SPECIALSHOWINGOFSuitsCoatsDresses - -ShoesSkirts. WaistsETC., ETC.TWIN BROS.Department Store7th and Main Paris, KyTAXI - CABSERVICEAUTO LIVERY CO.E. McCracken, Prop.Redmon Motor Car CompanyNight Call 760brighter:EVENINGSNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes lif eN moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.useOiectricityfor EigMiiigIt's the only satisfactory way.use SasWealing and CookingIt's the only sensible plan., Let Us Fix You UpFor the Use of BothElectricity and Gas.Paris Gas & Electric Co.4 "" sGOVERNOR. BLAGK ISSUESTHANKSGIVING POC- IGov. Black issued hisThanksgiving proclamation,annualas fol-lows: '"Thanksgiving day is a day forspiritual and ihaterial inventory.A day for prayer and reverentthankfulness and appreciation. Oneto pause from our varied occupational activities and to make a devotional survey of 'the blessings whichan ever watchful Providence has bestowed upon the people of our nation and State."Although there linger with, usdistresses and unrest touches theworld's heart because of the tragedies of the recent war, yet patientmen and women have not forgottenthat God is the giver of, all good andperfect gifts."With them, hope sees our country emerging, under the providences oX-God, from the unequaledtroubles of the immediate past, toaccentuate and emphasize its superior achievements. The last twelvemonths have been replete with evidences of God's watchful care overus. Honest effort finds the earth responding with plenteous harvests,and mine and shop yielding helpfulsustenance and prosperity."Our patriotism has been exaltedby our sacrifices, our charity glorified by unstinted help to the lessfotunate. The comforts of thehome multiplied. Churches andschools are flourishing. The respectfor law and order, an indispensablerequisite of the civilized state, has,under very trying circumstances,been strengthened, the love of freeinstitutions broadened, and themoral and educational growth of thenational character quickened."Of all these benefits Kentuckycitizenship has geneously shared."Therefore I, James D. Black,Governor of Kentucky, hereby pursuant to a custom hallowed by timeand rooted in the traditions of ourpeople, designate Thursday, November 27, 1919, the day mentioned bythe President, as a day of thanksgiving in this State, and I invite myfellow citizens to its appropriateand prayerful observance in church,and school and home throughoutthe Commonwealth."oE..ISGet Relief Without Fear As Told In"Bayer Package"The "Bayer Cross" is the thumbprint of genuine "Beyer Tablets ofAspirin." It protects you againstimitations and positively identifiesthe genuine Aspirin prescribed byphysicians for over eighteen years.Always buy an unbroken package of "Bayer Tablets of Aspirin,"which contains proper directions tosafely relieve Colds, Headache,Toothache "Earache, Neuralgia,Lumbago, Rheumatism, Neuritis,Joint Pains and Pain generally.Handy tin boxes of twelve tabletscost but a few cents. Druggistsalso sell larger "Bayer" packages.Aspirin is the trade mark of BayerManufacture of Monoaceticacdesterof Salisylicacid. (adv)ANOTHER SEED CORN WABNINGWe have heretofore called attention to the importance of selectingand storing away seed corn for thecoming crop. The long wet spelland the .immature condition of muchJ of the corn renders great care imperative if our farmers are to haveseed that will grow. No seed-shouldbe selected from corn that was putinto the shock before being thoroughly matured, and it is doubtful ifany corn in the shock could safely bedepended on for seed. And, much ofthe corn on the stalk has been damaged by the extensive rains, so thatonly the most careful selection willgive an assurance of dependableseed. Look after it "now."MR. P. LaDUKE, FARMER, SAYS.IUU JB.EI Jttiiia UflJN JSlXiliTHROUGH METAL."i- "11 I - l Vlil zi?ct tj cjx ts- i: j i.tsoon Was out $18. A -$1 packageof RAT-SNAP killed so many ratsthat I've never been without itsince. Our Collie dog never touchedRAT-SNAP." You try it. Threesizes, 25c, 50c, $1.00. Sold andguaranteed by The Farmers' SupplyCo., Paris, Ky.. (adv-nov)J oHIS IDEA OF ADVERTISING"Did you see my advertisement onthe old bridge as you came intotown?" inquired a Paris merchant ofa farmer, the other day. "No, Ididn't see it," "replied the farmer."Send the old bridge out to the farmand I'll look it over after supper tonight." THIS MEANS YOU.When you get up with a bad tastein your mouth, a dull, tired feeling,no relish, for food and are constipated, you may know that you need adose of Chamberlain's Tablets. Theynot only cause an agreeable movement of the bowels, but cleanse and.wn, w uo uwwws, uui uietmse anaK?EM? stomach ad improveMMEANSGENUINETo abort a cold ,and ptevent complications, takelalotabsK v.The purified and refinedcalomel tablets thai arenausealess, safe and sure.Medicinal virtues retained and improved. Soldonly in seated packagesPrice 35c.TELLS FARMERS TO KEEP THEIRKENTUCKY MARES.F. E. Allison, a prominent horseand mule buyer of Chattanooga,Tenn., was in Bourbon and adjoiningcounties the past week, -looking forsome good animals to take back tothe Southern markets. Mr. Allisontold some of the local stock men thatthe country faces a horse and mulefamine. While here he secured anumber of good animals which hehad shipped back to his home in theSouth.He says that the best thing thefarmers of the Bluegrass region cando is to keep their good trotting orbig saddle bred mares from whichto raise mules. He says that mulesout of Western mares are not givingsatisfaction in the South. They lackgameness, he says, and can easily bediscovered in any bunch of hybridsthat have been in the South for anylength of time. He was emphatic inhis statements that mules out ofWestern mares will not do in theSouth.oA RAT THAT DIDN'T SMELL AE-TER BEING DEAD FOR3 MONTHS."I swear it was dead at least 3months," said James Sykes, butcher,Westfleld, N. J. "We saw that ratevery day. Put a cake of RATSNAP behind a barrel. Monthslater my wife asked me about therat. Remembered the barrel, looked behind it. There was the ratdead- not the slightest odor." Threesizes, 25c, 50c, "$1.00. Sold andguaranteed by The Farmers SupplyCo., Paris, Ky.(adv-nov)oGIVING INCOME' TAX PAYERSANOTHER CHANCE.In order to give taxpayers an opportunity to make out returns immediately on the closing of books forthe year 1919, when accurate knowledge of their accounts is fresh in theminds, plans for issuance early inDecember of forms for filing incomeand excess profit tax returns are being made by the Bureau of InternalRevenue. The period fir filing isJanuary 1 to' March 15, 1920.vThe normal rate of tax for 1919 is4 per cent, on the first $4,000 aboveexemptions and 8 per cent, on theremaining net income, instead of 6and 12 per cent, respectively, the taxfor 1918.Surtax rates, which range from 1per cent, on the amount of net income between $5,000 and $6,000 to65 per cent, of the amount by whichthe net income exceeds $1,000,000,and the exemptions of $1,000 forsingle persons and $2,000 for married persons and heads of familiesremain unchanged.O ;NEW MANAGER AT CARLISLE.J. M. Moore, formerly connectedwith the Home Telephone Co., atMaysville, has been assigned asmanager of the ""exchange at Carlisle,and has taken charge. He succeedsJ. C. Head, who has been made manager of the Frankfort office.Tflickand Cars ForServiceable truck and cars for hirer4 reasonable rates- Taxicab servicei da and night.a. K. UDNAL.Li,Both Phones.At Ruggles Garage.OPENINGNOTICEAm now open and ready forbusiness. Better prepared andequipped than'ever before to giveyou sinctiy nrst-class service.We do all kinds of optical repairing. Can duplicate any lens,no matter where or by whomfitted. Our services are thebest, prices moderate and location convenient. Won't yougive us a call? .. .Mt m R fRANKLIN1920m' JF m m m mBNow in stock andready to demonstrate. New shipment just arrived.Better get yoursquick.Lot of first-classsecond hand carsfor sale at bargainsif moved at onceWe need room fornew cars.Make Date forDemonstrationC. S. BALL GARAGECor. Fourth and Pleasant St.Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4 , ' West Fifh StreetwJimmMm,r.m&d T&mi-'umm mmVWi.-.--lfc 1 1 iTiiTr'lLi k (ht? rrSi . iff rtV. J V r-Nj A. VThe Bourbon LaundryParis, KentuckyJXXiMATEKNITY CORSETSFitted by Our Graduate Corseticresgive a trim, stylisK figure Without the slightest endangerment to the well being either -of the mother or child.Wear these corsets. Enjoy health, comfort and a goodappearartce during maternity.These and each of the many other types and styles ofParisian corsets are perfectly fitted by experts. ' Yourfigure is studied .and the corset is adapted to your needsso as to correcrfaults and develop your Lest lines.Mail Orders '"V carful, prompt attention If it is not con-"" venient for you to visit our store tf rite telling usof your needs. Send for our Free Style Folder.Parisian Corset Storecorner RACE and OPERA PLACE GNawmjLNATPRE GIVES THE FORM, IWRISIAN THE FIGURElQjgwiirrnrfTiiiiHiii'iiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiLiiiiiiiMiiMiiiiiiTiiiiitiiiMiini-wTWWi,fcmurig- " --- --, v m, j-,ilfoctelsoX?Nm spanTrnyif OUR WATCHWORD!li J: With a r.hAlflfpsfimnrnvo-fi merits in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we areprepared to do work infe-W nor to none, and solicityour patronage.134II'AIIXIx1X'XUaowcutai)'L3J.U-(a&YtnoY)Varden's Drugstore.-r jfr$S$A"9fifr-r- Vr-.-?-Vn -if.lVI 'aoskbjFRIDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1S19roe BoiiiBoir iews, pahts.Atftsi 4INFLUENMore Deadly Than WarYour Lost Strength andWorn-out Nerves are Dangerous-Let Pepsinol Build You UpINSURANCE experts, who have analyzed the figures oncasualties in the war and the mortality figures of thefirst Influenza epidemic, are agreed that Influenza ismore deadly than war, and medical authorities have issueda warning that another epidemic is coming.Physicians admit that no drug has yet been found thatwill cure Influenza. Their advice after intensive studyis: "Build up your strength." This, they unite in declaring, is the only way to ward off infection, or tominimize its effects. There is nothing quite so quick,quite so sure, quite so safe to build up strength, to makesickly people well, to make weak folks strong as Pepsinol,a reconstructive, corrective tonic manufactured only byThe Peplax Medicine Company, Memphis, Tcnn.Protect yourself from he terrible, scourge of Influenza.Enjoy strength, good nerves, sound health, In K-ttin- Pepsinol help j'ou but above all enjoy the only Mcurii thereis against Influenza, which even now may he rc':uy toattack you and your family.Pepsinol makes the weak strong, invigorates a-m! refreshes the nerves and purifies the blood. It blinds renewed vitality to every organ that would otherwise besubject to attack from'Influenza; it makes the constitution sturdy ard robust. Pepsinol spells safety for you.Influenza means illness, perhaps worse. Now is the timeto build yourself up with Pepsinol.If you are run down, all tirecTout. if you are weak, if voulack vitality and ambition, if you do nrt slocn well, ifyour stomach is sour, if you belch, if you suffer front ga,if you dislike to eat, if you have lost your appetite, th-riyou need Pepsinol. even when there i no e;)itii:ii:c ofInfluenza threatening. How much more do "you reelPepsinol. this wonderful restoring, renewing and revi Htftonic when physicians are unanimous in warnin;; of arecurrence of the epidemic.Think how much a strong constitution, energetic, activehealth means to you now. Think how aboiuJclv necessary they are to you with Influenza rearing its grim headabove the horizon of your life.If you love life, if you love your famih- vorrwife and your children you will get TYpnolwithout delay. This is not the time to hc-itatcyou must act. Any delay rriay mcan'dcath or invalidism for even when Influenza does not provefatal it takes thelast ounce of vitality from theweak. Consumption, heart disease, even i"..a"ity.often grip those convalescent from the "flu.!'Pepsinol may be gotten from the authorized 1'ens:agent in your community. There is good reasonhaste. Don't delay.'CROP REPORT OF KENTUCKYolforThe Strength-Building TonicGet Pcpaimo! from:People's Pharmacy, Main St., Paris, Ky.TEACHERS ENDORSE THRIFTThe Southwest Teachers' Association, with about 2,000 members,met at Springfield, Mo., and amongother resolutions adopted the following: "We recognize in the present national Thrift campaign a movementessentially educational in character,and we urge that thrift instructionbecome a permanent part of publicschool procedure. We. recommend,therefore, that the government continue the issue of Thrift and "WarSavings Stamps as a medium for theinvestment of the savings of school fchildren, believing that investmentin these securities will promote prosperity and patriotism."This is the last crop report of theseason 1919 issued by this department, and gives the final estimateson yield of corn and tobacco, neitherof which crops are entirely housedas yet. QjLis &rop season has beenvery unfavorable, with the extremedrouth throughout the summermpiihSiandi?the continued rainsttttfmftfbift &ae fall months andmttcl'?43nlBfaiiit is voiced of cornfdan&ging inWSe shock.The prospects for the wheat cropof 1920 in this State are not good.The anticipated acreage is exceedingly small, the same showing at 57per cent, which, compared with the114 per cent, acreage sown in 1918shows the crop has been cut 50 percent. The condition of wheat atthis time is given at 72 per cent.Only about 50 per cent of the acreage planned was reported sown upto November 1.The acreage of rye that is beingsown is also lower than last year,I the same being 88 per cent, withcondition showing at 96 per cent.Barley is sown in but few communities, and the very few reports coming to this office show the acreage at92 per cent, with condition 96 percent.Final' estimate on the corn cropshows an average yield of 23 3-10bushels per acre, which is two bushels per acre less than last year.This would indicate a production ofsomething over 78,000,000 bushelsfor the year.The estimate on Burley tobacco infinal yield is 716 pounds per acre,while dark tobacco is estimated at835 pounds per acre. This is lighterin both districts than last year.A light crop of potatoes is also reported. The yield as a State averageis given at 68 bushels per acre ofthe second crop of Irish potatoes, and89 bushels per acre of sweet potatoes.Pastures have greatly improved,and show a condition of 94 per cent,which is an exceptional condition forthis time of theyear. All classes oflive stock are in good condition, andthe number on hand as comparedwith an average year shows as follows: Horss, number' on hand 91 percent, condition 92 per cent.Cattle, number on hand 88 percent, condition 92 per cent.Hogs, number on hand 87 percent, condition 93 per cent.Sheep, number on hand 82 percent, condition 94 per cent.Taken as a whole, the averageyields for this year have been cutdown, which is attributed to the unseasonable crop year. Fall work isgreatly delayed on account of continued rains, and a great deal ofcomplaint comes in regard to thecorn and fodder being damaged inthe shock. Taking into considerationthe extreme drouth during ' thegrowing season, and excessive rainsduring the maturing season allcrops are cut both as to quantityand quality.MAT S. COHEN,Commissioner of Agriculture.' : o"SjUTSmnnMnnnmnnClover Hay!COLLIER BROS.Have just unloaded a nice carload of clover hay: also anothercarload of nice white corn. Don't forget they have bothNEW AND OLD CORNOffice Opposite Paris Tobacco Cumberland Phone 997Warehouse Home Phone 257Ifclff T.reaF.:,gJt,.;;-.. - ,-r --,-;, - '- -t-.a.. c AA1 A MiiJ dk1ll"rrrrTTSTTf Tr-. -- -pr MTTa simJ!? - "2 Uri "a kvJ& Js '&J-3&MilJiiiZ -' &ra t9merv:S-when caused hy coffee are helped to beconie normal, healthynerves, when a change is made tolnstaiii ostUll AThis wholesome table beveragewith a rich aromatic, coffeelike flavor is deliciously satisfying, economical, and respects 'both health and pocketbook.Made by Postum Cereal CompanyBattle Creek, Michigan-Sold by Grocery and General Storesst""f-"""it...... t"RASCALS1Biliousness, Headache, Colds, JConstipation, driven out Iwith "Cascarets" ft""""",,,"'"'",",",",''",",""""",""XWhy take nasty cathartics, sickening salts, or stomach-turning oilsto drive these rascals out? Letgentle, harmless Cascarets removethe liver and bowel poison which iskeeping your head dizzy, yourtongue coated, your skin sallow,your breath offensive, and yourstomach sour. Get a box of Cascaets at the drug store and rid yourliver, stomach, and bowels of theexcess bile, poisons) and wastewhich are keeping you miserable.Cascarets never gripe, never sicken,never inconvenience They cost solittle and work while you sleep.(adv)iSALES $232,000 IN WEEKThe third week in October thesales of Treasury Savings Certificatesby sales representatives of the WarSavings Organization totaled $208,700, as follows: Missouri, $99,200;Arkansas, $64,500, and Kentucky,$45,000. In addition, the St. LouisMetropolitan Division sold-$3,000;the Federal Reserve Bank$2,300and the postmasters sold $18,000.The total for the week is $332,000.oMany a man never knows whichside of" the fence he is on till hefalls off.,- L . , "" "v vaawi mW " J&& tHIHHaBaMIBHBHHHiHHaaaHMHHaHHaHHMiHaBiHMMHMHHBMiHHHaBIHHMHBaBaMiHlHHHHBHiBNjUb' : x vl V jttaaaaaa . -it s s MmWA man's Kflkbest pal DHmilmmWmWlkw& iurns smoke . .JHMRIBHbeBmmBwmmmMBmWWWWw We're wav ahead of thebunchChes.,FietdIF you want to play a winner, sure thing;put your money on Chesterfield.In less than three years, more than threemillion smokers have become Chesterfield fans.And no wonder! Never were finer tobaccos used in any cigarette. The silkiest"leaves of aromatic Turkish and the choicestof ripe, sweet Domestic stock are putf: together by an exclusive blending methodthat brings out a new deliciousness offlavor. ,"Satisfy"? Right down to your toes!Chesterfields haye put added enjoymentinto every puff enjoyment that you don'tget and can't get in ny other cigarettebecause the Chesterfield blend can't becopied.'6ltCCfrsjMCX&cuAf nestcrficM. and the blend ' A $fi20 for 20 cents Mnt be copied jjs&M $4SAYS GOVERNOR-ELECT SHOWEDPERSEVERANCEs.:The Frankfort State Journal says:"The Kentucky election is over andit appears that Mr. Morrow has wonby a vote large enough to leave noroom for dispute Mr. Morrow hasfollowed in the footsteps ofhis distinguished uncle, the late SenatorW. O. Bradley, who was a believer inthe old adage, 'If at. first you don'tsucceed, try. try again.' In his successful race he shows the virtue ofperseverance in politics. He hasmade a most aggressive campaignand obviouslymany of the voters 1have been impressed by his vigorousarguments. The result is hot justw-hat the State Journal expectedand it is naturally disappointing toDemocrats, but there is a world ofups and downs and victories and defeats and there is' no escaping theseoccasional political upsets. This paper supported the Democratic ticketconsistently and conscientiously.Having made what it considers agood fight it sees no occasion forreproach. It is a believer in the willof the majority and therefore acquiesces in the lesult, hoping that Mr.Morrow may be atole to realize on atleast some of his plans for the betterment of the Commonwealth.". oImitation is the sincerest form offlattery. Also false teeth neverUche.IXHBXiGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Kyf'" s j-f : " v Hi 'ssiV 29K iflHBvvBlBwBHIHviI CornelMMCHHXHBXSStoONLY A COLD.Are you ill? is often answered"Oh! it's only a cold," as if a coldwas a matter of little consequence,but people are beginning to learhthat a common cold is a matter notto' be trifled with, that some of themost serious diseases start with acold. As soon as the first indication of a cold appears take Chamberlain's Cough Remedy. Remember that the sooner you get rid ofyour cold the less the danger, andthis remedy Avill hlp you to throwit off.(adv-nov)07Rumors of coal shortage bringthe'shop early'' slogan into evidence months ahead of time.o ,TJhat prediction of $30 .shoes' isronoivArt with wild alarm . bv the-mariwith a pair of ?4 -feetjJAMES WATSON SAYS, "I'LL NEVER EORGET WHEN FATHER'S HOGS GOTn CHOLERA''One morning he found 20 hogsdead and several sick. He called inthe Vet, who after dissecting a ratcaught on the. premises, decided thatHie rodents had conveyed germs.Since then I am never without RATSNAP. It's the surest, quickest ratdestroyer I know." Three sizes, 25c,50c, 51.50. Sold and guaranteed byThe Farmers' Supply Co., Paris, Ky.(adv-nov)o "No matter how foolish the customer's complaint may seem to you,1 emember tt is a serious matter withthe customer. .' Getting prices back to nbrmalisas difficult-as coaxing a 'frightenedkitten out of a tree. , ' fUIttHmMHrttHHMHHlHIHHHHHHflimilMIIBBiaBBiHKliiuliaamiii1 " lTiThe J. TV Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND JBMBALMMRSParis x Ky.Main"and SixthStreetsDay phone 36rsiicht s . . 56or Home 3MCMotor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to withaurLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.tsBK'BBjfiAiaaBHgDnBaaaaaa.awMBasiBKOtaRs?iiajBSiaajvawawavBvawawMrsav9aViBvS3ns9HHHVHiBHWKfVa BwBE'SrI " BmW ' X smfitr-rifIMvX. 8.i' Msf.?-2-MiUlW?;ii111I!H'tirlfhit4IHxM"IXIrtfciur.)it-V--4;v&t-Vf-ot 71st:t-"-- "X?;vFAM EIGHT-wmTHE BOUEBOlf HEWS. PA1IS, XEHTUCKYFEIDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 191JJALAMO and GRANDToday, Friday, Nov. 21Virginia Pearsonin "Impossible Catherine"A screamingly funny dramatic farce comedy.Also Anne Luther and Charles Hutchison in"The Great Gamble"and Mutt and Jeff Comedy, "Seeing Things"Admission Adults 18c plus 2c wartax, 20c; Children and Gallery 2c plus lc wartax, 10c.ALAMO THEATRE AFTERNOON PARIS GRAND AT NIGHTTomorrow, SaturdayJNy?Geraldine FafTar "The World ftfdits WomanEmphasizing every phase of human emotion, this new and tremendr-BgHf,, gtCgaQMl Geraldine Farrarpicture will thrill you as you have never been thrilled before. It is ' BK0t itterlng and dramaticscreen presentation that you have seen in years. It is sweeping the a. W&M tAtO OHi YMt army of enthusiasts. When you see this picture you will be sure to say that it wr. Itai XTtftttftj "JlW most stimulatingphotoplay you have ever seen.Miss Farrar appears for the first time supported by her husband, Lou-Tellegen, styled "the most romantic actor in America."Also JAMES J. CORBETT, in "THE MIDNIGHT MAN"Admission Adults 27c plus 3c war tax, 30c; Children and Gallery 9c plus lc war tax, 10c.NIGHT ONLYTomorrow, SaturdayJACK PICKFORDin "THE DUMMY"A smashing detective-love-story that enjoyed a record-breaking run on Broadway.The motion picture adaptation is far betterthan the original production, as it is filled withfast action, punch and many big climaxes.Admission Adults 18c plus 2c wartax, 20c; Children 9c plus lc war tax, 10c.THE PARIS GRAND PERA H0BSEOne Solid Week, CommencingMonday, November 24m KP?iHHHK9iiH xr - HljHjHjO .. ... ;;' iXBiHHHHHF ? ' ',.iScene from "Where the RiverShannon Hows."oa w wwii wwiWith Their Superb Band and OrchestravJwjBBIBBBBBKi3B3lwwBWyWiBFScene from frWhere the HiverShannon Hows."Including MISS HAZEL SHANNON,HARRY SHANNON, Jr., H. C. SOUBIER, HOWARD WYSONG and 20 OthersfMonday the Great New York Success, "Where the River Shannon Flows"VPrices 25c, 35c, 50c and 75c Plus War TaxSeat Sale Saturday at the Alamo TheatreTMILLERSBURGJefferson im-wasandMiss Laura; "proves slowly.Mrs. J. P. Lail, of Paris,' the guest of her parents, Mr.Mrs. S. E. Bruce, Wednesday.The Christian church put in a4 -new furnace Wednesday. It wascsold by Mr. G. L. Hill, who installed"it.Mrs. J. W. Ralls entertained atlive hundred Wednesday afternoonat her home on Main street. Mrs.Ralls has as guest Mrs. J. W.- ' ;Shanklin, of Owingsville.-Mrs. Baker Grissom and son,o Burnside, arrived Wednesday asguests of Miss Aleta Wilson. Mrs.Grissom. was formerly Miss StellaLewis, and a student of the M. C.Mrs. N. Brown is moving intethe home on Main street recently,.i "purchased from Mrs. Mattie Hawes.Mr. and Mrs. P. L. Dimmitt aremoving to their new home, on Main.street. ' ... -"jTwo farces, "Tickets, Please,"-and "This Is So Sudden," will beresented in the auditorium of theRETURN OF THE FAVORIESRELIGIOUS.Members of the Christian Endeavor Society in the Blue Grasswill hold the fall institute in Lexington, December 16, at CentralChristian church.Fifteen boys fro mthe GreendaleReform School were baptized andreceived into the Christian churchWednesday afternoon at the Broadway Christian church', in Lexington.The Rev. Mark Collis was the officiating minister.Rev. Arthur Fox, who sometime ago accepted the call to thepastorate of the Baptist church inthis city, arrived yesterday fromHope, Ark., to take up his workwith the congregation. Mrs. Fox,whose illness delayed her husband'scoming, is convalescent.Several hundred young men andyoung women from the Christianchurces of Frankfort, Georgetown,Nicholasville, Paris, Versailles,Midway, Lawrenceburg, Winchesterand Lexington will attend. Therewill be two sessions, afternoon andnight. Among those who will de-Millersburg College, at eight o'clock j liver addesses are Carl Lehman andthis (Friday) evening. The publicis cordially invited to attend.Hunters are having exceptionally good luck in the fieldsaround, this vicinity. Among those-who have secured good bags ofsame were Dr. H. M. Boxley andJack Shaw, who secured a dozen"quail and a large number of rabfoits each.. There will be a meeting of Amity Lodge No. 40, F. & A. M., atS:30 p. m., this evening, for thepurpose of conferring the Fellowcraft degree. This will give allMasons an opportunity of going tochurch, and attending the lodge after services. All members are urge& to be present.The protracted meeting at theChristian church will continue over-next Sunday. Services every eventing at 7:00 p. m., beginning with a.half hour of song service, followed-Ty the regular services. ElderCrouch is preaching good sermons,and the meeting is growing in in-rterest. The choir work of Miss-Tuttle is equally good and we areall enjoying the services. ServicesSunday morning at 11:00, and inthe evening at 7:00.o3F YOUR CAT IS LOST, HERE'S.WHY.j :Trapping in Kentucky probably"rill be revived by high prices for. furs, and the Game and Fish Department anticipates an increase in'hunting licenses. Red fox, whichformerly brought $4 and $5, noirsells readily for $20. Muskrat pelts, are worth $7. and even the commonbouse cat means a dollar's worthtot fur.lC. F. Evans, State Organizer ofChristian Endeavor societies in theSouth.oSmThe Shannon Stock Company willj return to the Grand Opera Housearier an aDsence oi six years, anawill open their week's engagementat the Grand Opera Honse Mondaynight, presenting "Where The RiverShannon Flows." The play comesfrom the facile pen of Mark Swan.It will be remembered that "Parlor, Bed Room and Bath," anotherchirpy farce, is also, from his welltrained pen. "Where The RiverShannon Flows" has already enjoyed a six-months' season of success inNew York.It has been described as beingvery amusing, full of lively situations, negligee in name and treatment, and with just enough paprika to be uproarously funny, also4miles away from the paths of convention. The cast includes many well-likedand interesting farceurs, prominent among wjiom are Miss HazelShannon, Harry Shannon, Jr., H. C.Loubier, Howard Wysong, andtwenty others. The Shannon StockCo. carries their own superb bandand orchestra, together with allspecial scenery for each and everyproduction.This company presents all royaltyplays, including "Where The RiverShannon Flows," "The Powers ThatBe," "Prodigal Daughters," "TheiGirl He Couldn't Buy," "The Mil-lionaire's Son and Shop Girl,"A FAMOUS FOOTWEAR, THE GRO- "Johnny Get Your Gun," ''CommonVER SHOES. Clay," and many others. Band con-J certs every evening in front of Op-The famous Grover Shoes for ' era House at 7:15. Completeladies is sold at(tf) FELD'S SHOE STORE.MRS. JAMES' WILL PROBATEDchange of program every night.Tickets on sale at Alamo Theatre,Saturday morning at 9 a. m, at popular prices.The last will andr testament ofthe late Mrs. Annie C. James, whodied at her home in this city lastweek, was piesented in the County)Court, Tuesday, for probate beforeCounty Judge George Batterton.The will, which was drawn underdate of November 16, 1911, andwitnessed by Richard K. McCarneyand James O'Brien, reads as follows: "I Annie C. James, being of soundand disposing mind and memory, domake and publish this as my last willand testament."I give, bequeath and devise to myhusband, Harry O. James, all of theestate of whatsoever kind of which Imay die possessed, and I hereby nominate him as the Executor of this willand ask that no bond be required ofhim."In testimony whereof. I hereuntosubscribe my name, on this the 16thday of November, 1911."ANNIE C. JAMES.""We, R. K. McCarney and Jas. M.U Bnen, the attesting witnesses, hereto certify that Annie C. James signed this will in our presence and thatwe signed in her presence and in thepresence of one another on this thelbth day of Novembert 1911.i'fR. K-.McCARNEY,"JAS. M. O'BRIEN."B-4 TIREEnsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,AgtsHOUSE AND CONTENTSSTROYED BY FIREDE-ofA tenant house on the farmJ. R. Parker, near Sadieville, inScott county, occupied by a Mr.Courtney was destroyed by fire earlyMonday morning. The fire originated when a pair of lace curtainscaught fire from a lamp. Practically all the household, goods weredestroyed, including about 400pounds of flour. No insurance.Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryanr:PREPARE WHILE YOU CAN; COLDWEATHER COMING.IDBALWINTER FOOTWEAR!Smart new style boots of surpassing Quality, priced atless than wholesale cost of present market values. Thepeople now more than ever before appreciate the fact thatthis store offers them the best shoe values in the city.This Week's Specialswill crowd our store with eager buyers. Prepare your shoeneeds now; your savings are big; selections complete inevery detail.Our car-load of stoves and heatershave arrived. Buy now. Have themjmt up while you can.( 2 8-tf ) , A. P. WHEETJER &lco: -This WeekWe offer a great selection ofladies' beautiful brown andblack glazed kid Lace Boots,in either English militarystyle or high Louis heel, $8.00valuesSpecial at $5,99Ladies new Fall Boots, inbrown and black kid, highand low heels, $7.00 valuesSpecial at $4.99Ladies' and Growing Girls'$6.00 Gun Metal Lace EnglishBoots, special $3.99Boys' and Youths' Extraordinary Shoe Values$5.00 and $5.50 grades Dressy Shoes, great for ra VfOwear. Buy a pair today. Special pS aHjSave Money on . YourMen's ShoesExtreme values in GoodyearWelt Sole Gun Metal Shoes,English and wide toe styles$7.00 values at $4.95Special Misses -and Children's $3.50 Gun MetalBoots, all sizesS 1-2 up to 2 $2.496t $1.99Misses' and Children's $5.00values in Kid and Gun Metal Lace BootsSpecial $3.49Children's 2.00 Gun Mf tilKid and Patent Shoes, siVs5to8Special $1.49Ruhher FootwearAt a SavingWhile They LastMen's tan and black goodWork Shoes, double soles,$4.00 valuesSpecial $2.99DANiisParis' Greatest Shoe StoreCOHENWhere Beauty and Economy ReignS&''Ai., . H&.'TF' .la.. y?$"-Y '.-,''""sV".X,