?lJ 41 ."y -r ft?rkL-,iv-"rTHE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIT Y IN THE, YEAR.- ;XF' S;jr,.,t iW-VOLUME XXXVIII.- 3,PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1919""5, 1. i$0 THE. DEMOCRATS OF BOURBON COUNTY.Ihe contest for political supremacy in Kentucky is coming to anend. The election is but a few daysoff. The questions to be decidedare: Shall A. T. Hert, Indiana miljUciaire political boss, Thruston Ballard, billionaire flour manufacturer,tLd is charging Kentuckians $1.10mere per barrel for his flour than hecharges people of other States, andj3d. Morrow, professional office-seeker,and the chatterbox of cheap politics, rule Kentucky? Shall thediny flag of the Searcy-Chilton Repuoiican bosses of Louisville wavefrom the Capitol at Frankfort? Shallthe 75,000 negro Republican votersof this State elect their ticket and"bring back the dark days of Taylor,Bradley and Augustus E. "Wilsonrule in Kentucky?Do not be deceived. "We have aSgM on our hands. The Republicansjiave been organizing in every precinct in Kentucky for months. Theyiare an immense corruption fundwita which they hope to debauchKentucky manhood. They are activeslid every one of them will be at thepolls November 4th. They arespending sleepless nights contrivingevery sort of scheme in the hope ofencompassing Democratic defeat.Are you as active and untiring forthe success of Democracy and thetriumph of a white man's governenwnent in old Kentucky?Our last word is one of good cheers.nd hope. Kentucky is Democratic.Kentucky manhood can not bebought. A united Democratic partyhas never been and cannot be beatenin this State. "We are united andconfident. But we must get out ourfull vote. Take off your coat. Rollup your sleeves, get busy and -we'llwin.United We Stand; Divided WePall.LOOK OUT MB, HALLOWE'ENPBANKERS TO-NIGHTTo-night will be Hallowe'en, oneof the principal festive occasions ofthe season, when ghosts, goblins andevil spirits are supposed to be outon parade. The mischevious youthwill be on hand, and it would bewell for every one to take insideeverything of a portable nature, or itmay oe missing tne following morning, several Hollowe'en partieshave been arranged to take place tonight, and the great event will beappropriately celebrated in manyways.The celebration of Hallowe'en inthis city to-night will be conductedon the "honor system." There is nolaw here against the wearing ofmasks or the clothing of oppositesexes, and in the past few years thisb.as been an excuse for rowdyism onthe part of many celebrators. Thisyear's plans are for a sane and orderly celebration of the event.The police have received instructions to take cognizance of any actsof rowdyism under the guise of Hal-lowe en celebrations, and any suchconduct will be promptly and efficiently dealt with. The police havehave been also instructed that therights of women and girl pedestrians on the streets must be respected.Any reports of property damagethrough the overt acts of would-be-celebratorswill be investigated, andthe guilty parties, if apperhended,will be made to suffer the penalty inthe court of Judge Martin.oREAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS"THE SHEPHERD OF THE HILLS"THE ELYING SQUADRON.Only a small audience greeted"The Flying Squadron" at the courthouse in this city Wednesdty morn-me. wnen .Lynn w imams, "TneAll the good things in HaroldBell Wright's novel are concentrated in the' filmanization of "TheShepherd of the Hills." This is oneof the few stories that has not beenspoiled in the retelling for the pict-! ures. It remained for the ex-KansasCity clergyman to find romance inthe 'Ozarks long before that countryhad become a national vacation landas it is now. The story of Mr.Wright's transition from a wandering landscape painter to a clergyman and later an author who hasFlying Parson" of Chicago, address- since become famous in all lands isinterestingly toia Dy tne aramauocritic of the Kansas City Times.Grand Opera House, Monday andTuesday, Nov. 3 and 4, matinee andnight.ed them in the interest of the Statewide prohibition movement. Thespeaking was held in the CountyCourt room, on account of theweather.0 CRAFTS TO SPEAK HERE TO--NIGHT.-One of the most noted orators in'the country, Dr. Wilbur R. Crafts,of Washington, D. C, will speak atthe court house in this city to-night(Friday) at eight o'clock, in the interest of the State-wide prohibitionamendment, which is to be voted onat the regular November elcetionnext Tuesday, November 4. Therewill be no admission charged andthe public is extended a cordial invitation to attend.Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance.' Thomas, Woodford & BryanLAW VIOLATOR FINED.In the County Court Tuesday,Elmer Linville, of the Ruddles Millsvicinity, who was arrested by CountyGame Warden Douglass Thomas, ona warrant charging him with violating the game laws, plead guiltyto the charge. He was assessed afine of $23.50 by County Judge Geo.Batterton.4?FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSSPECIALSALEOFjWAISTS$1.10FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSAutomobile DeliveryFrank Collier purchased at privatesale Tuesday from George Reynolds,his farm of 125 acres, located on theCane Ridge pike, eight miles fromParis, for $47,000.Through the real estate firm ofHarris & Speakes, T. J. Marders, administrator of the estate of the lateGeorge W. Morrow, sold at publicsale on the premises Tuesday afternoon, tne nome place, located on theNorth Middletown and Austerlitzpike containing fifty-five acres. Thepurchaser was Thomas Crawford, ofBourbon county, who secured thefarm at $353.25 an acre, a total of?19,430.The C. U. Bramlette real estateagency, of Carlisle, reports the saleof the R. A. Berry farm of .sixtyacres, near East Union, in Nicholascounty, to Nathan Buckler, of Bour-Don county, ior a private price.David Clark and G. W. Bramblette,of Millersburg, sold Wednesday toMattox & Son, 125 acres of land,known as the Murray farm, nearMillersburg, for $285 . an acre.Messrs. Clark and Bramblette hadowned the farm, but two days, andin making the sale cleared $4,000.Harris & Speakes sold at publicsale on the premises, Tuesday, for'Geo. C. Thompson, Sr., his farm of420 acres, located on the RuddlesMills pike, for a total of $88,000.The farm was sold in two tracts.Tract No. 1, containing 246 ;acres,was purchased by Clifton Dalzell, ofParis, for $216 an acre. Tract No.2, containing 173 acres, was securedby Wm. Brannock and J. W. Connell, of near Paris, at $205 an acre.In this sale Mr. Thompson realizedmore than double the price he paidfor the farm four years ago, whenhe bought it from Wm. H. Whaley,Jr., for $105 an acre. The saleTuesday averaged $211 an acre. Mr.Connell on Wednesday resold hispurchase to J. B. Caywood at an advance of $10 per acre.Dr. W. B. Robinson, of Mt. Sterling, sold tract one of his Bourboncounty farm, containing twelveacres, to Will Rash, of Bourboncounty, for $275 an acre. Tract No.2 was unsold. The third tract, containing 145 acres, was sold to C. B.Curtis, of North Middletown, for$180.25 an acre.Owing to the inclement weatherand other reasons, the sale of thefOder farm, near Hutchison, schedul;ed for yesterday, was pustponed,and will be held at another date.HOSPITAL REPORT READSPECIAL MEETING.ATEXPERTS FIGURING ON PUBLICUTILITIES.Several experts representing someof the largest concerns in the United States have been in Paris forseveral days, in consultation withMayor January and members of theCouncil Committees on Improvements, etc.For some time the matter of municipal ownership of public serviceutilities of this city have been under consideration, but the matter hasbeen held in abeyance until estimatesof cost could be procured. The firstof these will be the installation of acomplete electric light plant. Theexperts have secured complete dataas to the number of high powerelectric lights, as well as those oflesser capacity, necessary to furnishthe city with light, and to takecare of private consumers. The report will be completed soon and submitted at a meeting of the Council.AT THE PARIS GRAND AND THEALAMO.To-day, Friday, October 31 Madeline Traverse, in "The Rose of TheWest;" Anne Luther and Chas.Hutchison, in "The Great Gamble."To-morrow, Saturday, November 1Tom Moore, in "Heartsease;" Jas.J. Corbitt, in "The Midnight Man."Monday, November 3 All-StarCast, in "The Other Half;" Bill Parsons Comedy, "Close To Nature."MONDAY COUNTY COURT DAY.Next Monday will' be County Courtday, when a large attendance offarmers and traders is expected to bein the city. There will be publicspeaking at the court house by Hon.Harry V. McChesney and Mr. MauryKemper, in the interest of the Democratic State ticket. Being the daybefore the regular election, therewill be a great deal doing amongthe politicians, who will take advantage of the presence in the cityof large numbers of voters to fix uptheir fences for the contest to followthe next day.oHORTENSE NEILSEN AT HIGHSCHOOL THURSDAY.Everyone who can possibly do soshould hear Miss Neilsen at theHigh School n ext Thursday, Nov.6th. Miss Nielsen is one of the foremost impersonators on 'the Americanstage to-day. This week, she appeared on Monday, Kentucky College, Lexington; Wednesday, Transylvania College, and Sayre College,Lexington; Thursday at Center College, Danville; Friday, GeorgetownCollege, Georgetown; Saturday,Wesleyan College, Winchester.Miss Neilsen is a sister of AliceNeilsen, the grand opera -singer.Every student and 'lovers of art andliterature should not miss this opportunity. -At a special meeting of tse .ParisCity Council, Tuesday night, calledfor the purpose, the report of thespecial committee appointed by theCouncil to investigate the management and condition of the MassieMemoriaL Hospital, was read.The testimony given before thespecial committee covered aboutlulce uuuurea typewritten pages,and included sixteen physicians;representatives of the past and present Fiscal Court; fourteen nurseswho have been employed at the Massie Hospital and in twenty-ninecities. Only about one-third of thetestimony was. read, owing" to thelength of the statements. The Council adjourned until Wednesday nightwhen the remainder of the reportwas read. The Council took thbreport under advisement, and made ita special order to be acted upon ata meeting to be held in the future.The testimony of the various witnesses was preceded by statementsfrom the investigating committee.The report was signed by the members of the committee, Misses HelenHutchcraft and Mary K. Stone, andMrs. Wm. Kenney.The following is a complete textof the statement of the committee introducing the' report:"The Committee appointed by theCity Council of Paris, Kentucky, toinvestigate the general managementand conditions of the Massie Memorial Hospital submits herewith allevidence of those who appeared iniilg the institution, as recorded by astenographer and a notary public."Sixteen physicians of the countyhave testified. One, as a member ofthe Hospital Board, asked to be excused. All persons at present employed, and as many as possible ofthose employed in the past, at thehospital, were asked to appear. Theeyidence of those who addeared inresponse to our summons is given."The president of the HospitalBoard and all members of the Women's Board, were requested to bepresent, ut tnis number two appeared, two stated over . the telephone that they knew nothing of interest, one was unable to come because of illness in the family, andone was out of town. The responseof the chairman of the Women'sBoard came in the form of a note,which is attached to this report."Evidence of several public officials who have had some connectionrtvith the Hospital is 'included. ITheevidence also includes the testimonyof a miscellaneous group of pebplewho were summoned or who camevoluntarily."We realize that a limitless amountof testimony might have been collected from the public-at-large, butinosmuch as full testimony isgiven by the persons having themost intimate knowledge of the affairs of the hospital, viz. the physicians and the nurses, the evidencecollected is deemed adequate."DEED CASE ITLED IN CIRCUITCOURT.A suit has been filed in the officeof Circuit Clerk Wm. H. Webb, byMiss Letitia Clay, of near Paris,through her attorneys, E. M. Dickson, of Paris, and Judge Ed. O'Rearof Frankfort, against Brooks Clay'of the county, in which Joseph H.'Clay, Henry B. 'Clay, Frank Clayand Mrs. Maggie Clay Howard arealso mentioned as co-defendants.The suit asks to have certaindeeds given by the plaintiff to thedefendant set aside, and that she beadjudged owner of the property subject to certain condition expressedin a will of her father, Henry Clay.The land is in three tracts and aggregates 42 u acres.The plaintiff's father, Henry Clay,died in 1898,. leaving his estate tohis children, Letitia, Joseph N. andGeorge Clay, decreeing that if eitherLetitia or George Clay should diewithout children their share wouldgo to the other. George died inSeptember, 1919. The plaintiffclaims that before his death, bythreats, duress and force, he madeher sign deeds of the property toBrooks. Clay, the defendant, forwhich she never received any compensation or consideration.DOCTOR ALEXANDER IS OUT FORBLACKY. M. C. A. NOTES.The Rev. Roger T. Nooe, of Frankfort, Ky., who has only recently returned from service in France, willdeliver an address at the OperaHouse, Sunday afternoon, Nov. 2, at3 o'clock. The Rev. Noe is a force?ful speaker and thrills his audiencewith enthusiasm. The churches andother organizations of the countyare requested to arrange their business meetings so as to not conflictwith this meeting, as it is the earnest desire of those having the matter in charge to give every person inthe county an opportunity to hearMr. Nooe. Among the musical attractions will be a solo by Capt.Robert Harbeson, a returned soldier.Admission free.Rev. Roger Nooe will spsak at theParis Opera House on Sunday afternoon at 3 p. m. instead of Sundayevening, as originally stated. In addition to the address by Dr. Nooe aspecial musical program has beenarranged.,. Mr. James Caldwell hassecured the Boys' Band of Maysville,for the occasion. Capt. Harbisonwill sing. All the churches of Bourbon county are uniting in the meeting and a crowded house is assured.Admission will be free."Grandfather" Dailey has thehonor of being the first subscriber tothe "Y" campaign, which is juststarting. "Grandfother" was at CampDaniel Boone last summer and is especially interested in that phase ofthe State "Y" work. He has roomed at the Y. M. C. A. building formore than a year.AMERICAN WAR MOTHERS MEETIN LEXINGTON.Mrs. Harrison Garner Foster, ofLexington, was elected KentuckyWar Mother to succeed Mrs. ReubenHutchcraft, of Paris, at tne first annual meeting of the Kentucky chapters at the Parish House, in Lexingington, Tuesday. Mrs. Hutchcraftwas elected first vice mother; Mrs.A. B. Oldham, of Mt. Sterling, secondvice war mother; Mrs. J. T. Knowlen, Winchester, recording secretary;,Mrs. Thomas C. McDowell, Lexington, corresponding secretary; Mrs.Walter Payne, Paris, treasurer; Mrs.B. M. Herndon, Georgetown, firstauditor, and Mrs. Kate B. Taylor,Louisville, second auditor. The nextState meeting will be held at Louisville.The organization will support theStaJte Memorial building at the University of Kentucky, co-operate withthe Kentucky Federation pi Women'suiuds in promoting conservation, oppose all forms of Bolshevispo, andwork hand in hand with the American Legion to carry out the ideal?of the men who were in the service.At the close of the iop&)Un.-jut-dressof Mrs. Hutchcraft, the StateWar Mother, the Bourbon countydelegates presented her with a beautiful bouquet of pink roses as atribute. Those who attended fromBourbon county were $rs. Allie S.Dickson and Mrs. John T. Collins, ofNorth Middletown; Mrs.' Cassius M.Clay, Mrs. James S. Douglass andMrs. Edward Turner, of Paris.The next meeting of the State organization will be held in Louisville.A development of the greatest iaportance in the campaign for Governor in Kentucky came when Dr.A. J. A Alexander, of Woodforicounty, chairman of the KentuckyForward League and the admittedleader of all the temperance forcein Kentucky, came out in a stromainterview urging the people of Kentucky to vote for Governor Jas. D.Black at the polls next Tuesday.The announcement of Dr. Alexander will, it is believed, have influence in every part of the State, asfew men who live In Kentucky aretrusted by as many people or havea larger influence. It is known thatDr. Alexander did not decide tomake a public announcement untilhe had carefully gone over t6ewhole situation and considered everyissue in the campaign. His declaration will, it is believed, solidifythe temperance vote of the State IbrGovernor Black.He strongly commended Governor Black's program for educationalreform, and closed by stating:"I am for Governor Black becausehe is an upright, Christian gentleman who can be counted on to wotliily govern this State."BEV. HAL E. SPEARS TRANSFER- "RED TO LOUISIANA.Rev. Hal E. Spears, a former Paris'boy, who has been rector of theSomerset, Maryland, parish, sinceJanuary, 1914, sent his resignationto the vestrymen of the parish, and,has accepted the rectorship ofGrace Church, Lake Providence,Louisiana. He will assume his newcharge, November 15.Rev. Spears is a son of the lateMr. Henry Spears, and a brother of 'Ben Spears, of Paris.The Princess Anne (Md.) Mary-,lander and Herald, says:"Rev. Spears came here from the.Diocese of Arkansas, and about threesyears ago he became rector of Gracechurch, Mt. Vernon, during whichtime he made a large increase in the; "membership of that church"Mrs. Spears died at St. Andrew'srectory about three years ago. During his almost six years stay among-us Mr. SDears has made a host or.friends who will regret his departurefrom our town as well as from therectorship of-St. Andrew's church."HURRY! SAVE PENALTY! FAYCITY TAXES TO-DAY!Pay your city taxes on orfore October 31st, last day.avoid the penalty, which willbe attached to all unpaid citytaxes on November 1st.W. W. MITCHELL,City Collector.(24oct-4t)I WE KNOW HOWWe Honestly Believe that We are Rendering a Service to the Men of Paris inRecommending and SellingSTEIN-BLOCi!SMART CLOTHESBOX SUPPER.A box supper will be given tonight (Friday), October 31, at tnePurdy School house. The proceedswill be devoted to the fund beingraised for the Kentucky Orphans'Home, at Louisville. The teacherand pupils of Purdy School extend acordial invitation to the public to attend. oMAYSVJLLE" BOYS' BAND AT OPERA HOUSE SUNDAYAFTERNOONThe Maysville Boys' Band, whichwill be an attraction at the OperaHouse, Sunday7 afternoon at 3o'clock, is made up of boys and girlsfrom the best? Maysville families,and has attracted widespread attention from music-lovers whereverthey have appeared. The band willarrive by automobile Sunday morning. The band is in charge of MayorRussell. Admission free. . ,True economy does not consist of buying articles because they are low priced. Frequently thepurchase of a low priced suit may prove to be thegreatest extravagance. The measure ot economy. is to be found in the measure of value.There are are no clothes made where the measure of value is greater than in STEIN-BLOCHSMART CLOTHES where you will find such acomplete and satisfying combination of tailoring,style, high quality of material, and all otherjjfactorsthat enter into genuine worth.We know, from our long experience in theclothing business, that we could offer you no betterclothes at at any price. No better are made. Andit is a great source of satisfaction to us to be able tooffer such clothes at prices you would ordinarily expect to pay for clothes of inferior quality.Prices $25.00 to $60.00MITCHELL & BLAKEMOREStetson HatsManhattan ShirtsNtttltton ShotsDr. Rood's Cushion Solo Shoos&-$VFRIDAY, OCTOBER- 31, 11. .ffHK TWOTHE BOTTCBON NEWS, PAIUS, KENTUCKY)9mm( wMm ' iWarning! MoreNINFLUENZAYou may be the next strickenBuild Up Your StrengthNow with PepsinolTHE health commissioner of one of Americans largest cities has issued a warning thatanother Influenza epidemic is coming! He has advised the people of his city to guard. their health to build up their strength. The warning has been echoed by medicalauthorities throughout the nation. Every man and woman in America should heed this warning.iMPepsinol is a marvelous strength-builder. Itis reconstructive, restorative tonic that willdfortify you against disease. It acts quicklyon the blood, the nerves and the tissues, giving the whole constitution the strength tothrow off disease. Pepsinol renews the powerof every vital organ that's subject to attack'by that dread scourge Influenza. It's the.greatest general conditioner that you can get,whether you live in country or city.Influenza, the horrible disease which took fully500,000 American lives in the last epidemic,strikes all ages. Last year it was particularlyfatal to those between 25 and 45, fifty per centof all deaths being in that group, according tothe most reliable statistics No drug thatwill ,curc Influenza has ever been found. Thesafest way, the surest precaution, is to buiWup the general health and refresh your vitality. Pepsinol will help you do this.Influenza is not only particularly fatal, butits after-effects on those who recover are mostserious. Pneumonia, tuberculosis, heart trouble, constitutional and muscular weakness frequently develop- long after all danger seemsover. Some cases of insanity are laid to Influenza poisoning. It not only weakens physical stamina, but also destroys the vitalityof the nerves.Influenza is threatening you, unless you havethe strength that makes you safe. It's near athand, ready to attack you at the first favorable opportunity. Its opportunity comeswhen you are weak, nervous, run down, exhausted. Build up your strength quickly. 4Pepsinol, the world-famous tonic, is what youneed for strength. You need its StomachToning, Nerve-Refreshing, Tissue-Buildingqualities. Pepsinol makes the weak and feeblerobust and strong. It invigorates the appetite for good, nourishing food that is transformed into heat and energy through thorough digestion. It soothes and refreshed thenerves, giving them vitality that they need toward off the debilitating shocks of disease.Be sure that another epidemic of Influenzadoes not find you unprepared. Get the strengththat ypu need if you would successfully combat this disease. Pepsinol is recommended byhigh-class physicians and specialists becauseits ingredients, selected for their purity, areespecially adapted to the needs of the humansystem, to relieve stomach trouble, help thenerves and renew your strength. Its gentlelaicathic qualities make the digestive organsfunction properly and keep the systemcleansed or the intestinal poisons that destroyphysical energy.Genuine Pepsinol is made only by The PeplaxMedicine Company, Memphis, Tenn., and isstrictly in accordance with the standards of theU. S. Pharmacopoeia. You may get Pepsinolfrom the authorized Pepsinol agent in yourcommunity.The Strength-Building TonicGet Pepsinol from:Peoples Pharmacy, Main St., Paris, Ky."LEST WE FORGET" BED CROSSROLL CALL!There are those who are saying"The war is over let us 'forget it;"and well it is to forget, but with thethings that are strictly of the warmany are forgetting those that onlyrose to meet the nation's need andare organizations of peace as well asof war times. Years before the warthe American Ked Cross was established and it is no more a strictlywar organization than is the government of the United States. Now thatthe war is ended the one dollar membership will support the splendidpeace time activities which have beenplanned by those who know Re'dCross work.The Red Cross is enrolling fiftynurses a month in the Lake Division alone, all to be kept at home asthe overseas nursing service requiresAmerican soldiers 'in convalescenthospitals and they are being givenall the care possible. American women are realizing that the opportunity to save life is just as great inAmerica now as it was in Europeduring the war.Statistics show that since 1900,disasters of peace time have broughtpersonal injury to 1,500,000 persons, at the same time destroyingproperty valued at many) millionsof dollars. During 1917 alone, eighty disasters were given relief by theRed Cross. The three emergencyheadquarters of the Lake Division arealready established at Cleveland, Indianapolis and Louisville. From RedCross warehouses in these cities supplies can be loaded on trucks in tenminutes and pushed to the disasterarea.Hospitals in ten towns in Kentucky are receiving supplies fromCleveland, Ohio, St. Joseph's and theDeaconess hospitals, Louisville, having received sixteen cases.It is to continue and extend RedCross Service for Americans that anappeal for dollar membership is to bemade in the third Red Cross RollCall, November 2-11.For Saley - tTwo upright pianos, one BaldwMand one Cable & Son. Address,H. C. McKIM,Care Y. M. C. A.,(28-3t) Paris, Ky.Fine Cattle For SaleI have 48 head of fancy feedingsteers for sale. "Will weigh around1,000 pounds; also 18 head yearlingsteers.T. J. LEWIS,Frankort, Ky., Route 1,(28-tg) Home Phone 425.chamberlain's coughedy;REM-.JMf.TOU RECALL CTTLEBRA?""Whenever I see one of these two--aftory fronts on a lean-to store build-xmg, I, am reminded of the Culebra4Cot;M observed the Smoking-car Phil-;sopher."A thing to be impressed with-qrnen you iook up at it in tne pres--aent,but of very little account onceJ2fou ffet past-it and look back."'Now of course the Culebra hill-Tias a very real and great obstaclecgnthe course of a very real and great'work. But who thinks about thatlow. If you should see "Culebra'Cut" in the headlines you wouldussdeh yourself wondering what parti&f ZJirago-Slavia Mr. Culebra. was.Iftrime Minister of and who cut him."But do you remember the daysiwnen scores of steam shovels bit andc&awed at its sides and you looked'jQrst into the morning paper to see-whether shovels or slides had thebest of ,it tha day before?"The shovels won and Culebra isdead. A whole fleet of warshipsI sailed right by Culebra the other day,-and never even fired a salute.I " It's the same old story in everyday life. Every one of us has been(confronted sometime with a future.threat loomed over him like Cluebraiitcolf fhrtmtfr-ni-nrr tn slidft nvftr nnrlblock his path."Most of us have kept right onwith a full head of steam on ourown particular steam shovel and byand by our scratching has had itseffect. Ater we had scratched for awhile., we could buy a little biggersteam shovel and scratch harder.And when v.e get a good bankrollcollected, nobody couldvtell us thereever had been a threatening future." "I'm scratching all I can o buy$100 Treasury Savings Certificates,"observed the silent man in the corner. "Righto," agreed the philosopher."Culebra would have to slide uphill to hurt them."This remedy is intended especiallyfor coughs, colds, croup and whooping cough. From a small beginningIts sale and use has extended to allparts of the United States and tomany foreign countries. This aloneis enough to convince one that it isa medicine of more .than ordinarymerit. Give it a trial and you willfind this to be the case.(oct-adv)For SaleTruck and Cars ForHireServiceable truck and cars for hireat reasonable rates. Taxicab serviceday and night.S. R. HUDNALL,Both Phones. At Ruggles Garage.For SaleHouse and 5 living rooms, in thebest business location on MainStreet, in Paris.H. SCHANKER,(24-2t) Erlanger, Ky.Administrator's Notice!All persons having claims againstthe estate of Mrs. Sallie E. Bashford,deceased, will please present them,properly proven, as required by law,to the undersigned Adminstrator, atthe Peoples and Deposit Bank &Trust Company, corner of Main andFourth streets, Paris, Ky.All persons knowing themselvesindebted to the estate of the saidMrs. Sallie E. Bashford, deceased,are requested to call and makeprompt and full settlement of suchindebtedness.CLARENCE K. THOMAS,Administrator of Mrs. Sallie E. Bashford, Deceased.(24-3wks)New five-ton Fairbanks StockScales. Never been taken fromboxesW. H. MCMILLAN,(28-2t) Paris, Ky.ror Sale PrivatelySix-room cottage located at 268.t. Airy Avenue, is for sale privately. This is one of the most desirable pieces of residence propertyin the city, being located in the bestneighborhood in Paris. House contains 6 rooms, bath, porches, water!works, electric lights and all modernconveniences.Lot is 76 2-3x200 feet. A nice?building lot could be taken off .side.Any one desiring a nice home woulddo well to look this property over.For further particulars inquire onthe premises.MRS. LID A B. CONWAY,Paris, Kentucky.Home Phone 337. ' (21-tf)Aawleigh's All Medicine Hog Mixture gQuality First; Results Assured.Try 100 pounds. Money refunded ift satisfied. Cost one-fifth of a centr average dose.Call Cumberland Phone 487; Homelone 256, for further information.M. 0. BIDDLE,The Eawleieh Man.8augr-tONOTICE !Notice is hereby given that theBoard of Council of the City of Paris,Kentucky, by ordinance passed atthe regular meeting of said Council,on August 28, 1919, approved by theMayor, and published as required bylaw, called and ordered an electionto be held on the next regular election day, being November 4, 1919,for the purpose of submitting to thequalified voters of the City of Paris,Kentucky, the following question,to-wit:Are you in favor of issuing bondsof the City of Paris, Kentucky, in thesum of Sixty Thousand Dollars,($60,000.00), to be paid in leviesmade annually to meet said bondsand the interest thereof, for the purpose of constructing and extendingthe sanitary sewer system of theCity of Paris on the followingstreets, to-wit:"Main street from Fourteenthstreet to Twentieth street."Fourteenth street from Mainstreet to Jackson street."Clifton street to a sanitary seweron Clintonville pike from a point 50feet east of the L. & N. Railroad tothe intersection of Clifton street."Qn Clifton street from its Intersection "with Clintonville pike toNineteenth street; from its intersection with Nineteenth street 700feet .to a lateral sewer."On Brent street from its intersection with Clintonville pike for adistance -of 620 feet north, and onBrent street fromi its intersectionwith Nineteenth street 740 feetnorth to a lateral sewer."On Nineteenth street from its intersection with Clifton street to apoint 140 feet east from the centerline of Main street.-"On-Nineteenth street from its intersection with .Clifton street to apoint 140 feet East on Brent street."On Tenth street from Pleasantstreet to L. & N. depot; thence southwith right of way of Li & N. Railroad to Winchester street."On Parrish avenue from Vinestreet to Link avenue."On Vine street from Parrish avenue to Harmon street."On Link avenue 100 feet northand 100 feet south of Parrish avenue."On-Scott avenue from a point 308feet west of Washington street to apoint 370 feet west of L. & N. Railroad, a sanitary sewer in privateright of way from trunk sewer toClifton street.."On Maysville street from Scottavenue 350 feet north?"J. W, HAYDEN,Clerk of the Board of Council of theCity of Paris, Kentucky.PAY YOUR PLEDGES TO HEALTH& WELFARE LEAGUE.A large amount of money was subscribed several weeks ago for thebenefit of the Bourbon CountyHealth and Welfare League, at amass meeting hejd at the GrandOpera House. At this time nomoney was taken, but pledges to paycertain amount were made.Some of the amounts pledged onthe subscription list have not beenpaid, and all persons who have notpaid are requested to call on Mrs. C.,0. Hinton, at the First NationalBank, and make good their pledges.The money is needed by Mrs. HarrietMinaker, Visiting Nurse of theLeague, in order to make preparations for its use in the demands onthe League for the coming winter.Middle AgedWomeiCAre Here Told the Best Remedyfor Their Troubles.Preemont, Q, "I was passing through the criticalperiod of life, being forty-six years of age and had allthe symptoms incident to that change neat llasnes,nervousness, and was in a oreneral run down condition, .so it was hard for me to do my work. Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound was recommended to me asthe best remedy for m3T troubles.which it surely provedto be. I feel better and stronger in every way since-taking it, and the annoying symptoms have disappeared." Mrs. M. Godden, 925 Napoleon St., Fremont,.Ohio..North Haven, Conn. "Lydia E. Pink-ham's Vegeta-7Ble Compound restored my health after everything elsehad failed when passing through change of life. There" is nothing like it to overcome the trying symptoms."- wMri, Florence Ipkt.t.a,Bos 197, North Haven, Conn.fov,TT J.--trfafeV- ,-j :Casess;$.vCITA r,mWLYDIA r KIINKMAIVVEGETABLE COMPOUNDkas ike greatest record for tke greatest goodLYDIA E.P1NKHAM MEDICINE CO. LYN H.MAS.VALVE-IN-HEAD Jfc). )S? J MOTOR CAHS1 Iffy. -Hy I ? v: v1 "rwci?- '.o.'"C'",f "i'-r --The Buick Built Rear Axle- .v. Is another mechanical unit that bears the indelible BuickStamp. Because of Buich patents that make it uniquein design, manufacture and serviceability. No other? ", v automobile company can build an axle like it.sij.-It is of the full floating type,insuring double factors of safetyand the maximum of accessibilityfor adjustment or repair.Housing, 'differential, pinions,shafts, universal joints and bearings are uniformly stronger thanthe demands of service can require, and the standards set byBuick designers are maintainedin a factory equipped with themost modern machinery.An elaborate inspection systemkeeps an infallible check on allheat treating and mechanical operations, and the factory organization is backed by experiencecovering nearly twenty years.fcMg fWhen Better Automobiles Are Built BUICK Will Build ThemC. S. BALL GARAGEij, Mv"" T-jr PbCirth and Pleasant Streets,-i,.iTflfVj.LGA. -N,. "vrsV.if-y- ? w. -r$r.iEpr 15gs ry J-STTTFRIDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1919. .THE BOTOBOl! HKW1 PAMS, rEHTTTCKfi i ir-fElectGov.Black?u$s$!ayKentuckiansJ The issues areclear! On its record in Stateand Nation, a united Democracy asksyou to answer these questions by yourvotes on Tuesday, November 4th.Will a Ringing Message of Cheer go tothat sick chamber in Washington, or will Kentucky go under the cloud of support of those menwho are seeking to discredit America's GreatestStatesman, purely for partisan Reasons?Will Kentucky go forward to four yearsof progress under the able leadership of Governor James D. Black, or will it become a pawnin the hands of A. T. Hert, whose sole use forour State is the furtherance of personal ambition?BallardSelf-Confessed ProfiteerThurston Ballard,' the multi-millionairepresident of BallaVd Mills, ofLouisville, was the man chosen by A.T. Hert for his hand-picked Republicanticket as the candidate for LieutenantGovernor. A close personal and business friend of Mr. Hert's, with amplefunds at his disposal for campaignpurposes, it Is easy to see why he wasChosen for as the nominee for thigoffice.Admits Selling His Flour at $1.10Less In New Orleans Than inHis Own State.This is the man who is running withMouth-Piece Morrow at the head ofthe Republican ticket the man who,by his own admission, pleaded guiltyto being a profiteer. Not satisfied withprofiteering, the defense he made ofhis aption Is a slap at the people ofKentucky. The reason he gave Is thathe sells his flour for cash In New Orleans as though Kentuckians couldnot pay cash!Black Fights For the League of NationsBut Morrow Only Equivocate;Q. i'- AThe Republican nominee is already listening to "His Master'sVoice." To Gov. Black's repeated challenges as to his stand for oragainst the League of Nations, he has given only evasive ansvers.He dare not face the issue fairly and squarely.Yet it there anyone who doubts that the electionof Morrow will be hailed by Republicans as a victoryin their fight in opposition to the League of Nations.Elect Morrow governor and they will come out from under cover and in glaring head-,lines announce that Woodrow Wilson's stand for civilization has been repudiated, c''By their evasion they stand against it they make it an issue. s?WKentucky gave nearly three thousand of her sons to make the world safe for democracy. Will their lives have been given in vain? 'Will Kentucky continue to uphold thehands of Woodrow Wilson, to whom the peoples of the world are looking for leadership?Your votes Tuesday will decide.Morrow's Todays Are AllYesterdaysSeemingly, he does not know that it is Gov. Black 'who is his opponent in the present race. His entire campaign has been one of "what he would have done."He has said he would have kicked out the SchoolBook Commission, though even he must have known thatthat would have made him a lawbreaker. The questionnaturally arises would he, as governor, care for the lawsof the state?He has criticized the new tax law, though he knowsthat he gave it his endorsement and that it bears the:name of a fellow Republican. Not he but Gov. Black,,instead has made constructive criticism of this law.He has continually talked of "cleaning house atFrankfort" and charged the maintenance of useless offices yet t'o repeated demands he has not dared nameone charge against any man nor specifically state oneoffice he considered useless.Far Out of Step WithKentucky's ProgressMorrow has gone far back to Augustus E. Willson'sadministration for comparison of expenditures. By doing this, he has shown a lamentable lack of knowledge ofthe costs of today and of the yesterday in which he hasbeen living.He has shown, too, a surprising lack of knowledgeof the onward sweep of progress that Kentucky has beenmaking.Seemingly he does not know that since Gov. Willson's term a Good Roads Department has been established and it has built 1,740 miles of good roads, at a costto the state of $3,040,911.00.Seemingly he does not know that Kentucky now Iras--13,000rural schools while under the Willson administration there were but 8,000. Is it any bonder $2,800,000more has been spent for educational purposes?Not Too Late, Judge!Judge Bethurum, it is not too late! You publiclystated that you vould withdraw the Republican nomineecould it be shown that he had a hand in the tobacco caseaof Grant County.At the same time your candidate was admitting thathe wrote a letter opposing the pardon of the five farmersconvicted. You need not even take his word for it. Attorney General Palmer will teirjrou, as he has told all ofKentucky in a published letter, that the files in his officerat Washington show that Morrow did oppose the pardonthat was rightfully granted these men.Make good your word. Your candidate's guilt isproven. It is up to you.Shall A. T. Hert Rule Kentucky?Hark to What Chairman Rhea Saidof A. T. Hert, the Republican "Boss"of Louisville, in His Speech at theOpening of the Democratic StateCampaign at Hopkinsville."Shall A. T. Hert, lately of Indiana, ' now of Kentucky, be allowed to name the members of the State Tax Commission? Shallhe and his millions dominate the politics of this state for the nextfour years? This is the most vital issue facing the people of the Statetoday."Shall Mr. Hert, with the aid of Thurston Ballard, the profiteer,and the other millionaire candidates on the Republican ticket, be allowed to take over the State government outright? Behind Mr. Morrow's booming voice is the cunning hand of Hert. Morrow is themere mouth-piece for Hert. The voice is that of Jacob, but the handthat of Esau. Shall Hert build a bridge from the Louisville City Hallto the State Capitol? Shall the Louisville Republican machine extend its sway to Frankfort?"YofeTheflemocraDO KENTUCKIAN55L'In - -7 aTNi -jJHIi.i,. i ... . i i. IK H I IH P 5 I 8 1WANT TO 5EE HIM U5E THE GOVERN:OR5 tyWSIQN A5 A 5TEPPINCL5T0NE TOVaSBINGTON ?:A-ftT i rw" r uii-. . 'N3r,govikmor;s mansionII II IIJUHfnvn jii .-2f '" iil i, j7LmtmwhfBBHMHHHHJIHHHHillllHBIHIIBHKHE&HSMIIIEBHIHHHBHHIvA MAN AND HIS WIFEmay both derive saiisfaetionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings us.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANER. -. Home Phone 169-Cumberland Phone 40CATAREH CA1OT0T BE CUEEDWith LOCAL APPLICATIONS, asthey cannot reach the seat of the disease. Catarrh is a local disease,greatly influenced by constitutionalconditions, and in order to cure ityou must take an internal remedy.Hall's Catarrh Medicine is taken internally and acts through the bloodon the mucous surfaces of the system. Hall's Catarrh Medicine wasprescribed by one of the best physicians in this county for years. Itis composed of some of the best tonics known, combined with some, ofthebest blood purifiers. The perfectcombination of the ingredients inHall's Catarrh Medicine is what produces such wonderful results in catarrhal conditions. Send for testimdnials, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Props., . Toledo, O.All Druggists, 75c.Hall's Family IJills for constipation. , '- L ,' r (oct-adv)T L"Never gets crossed in love theletter Z't." ,"."..INSTALLS NEW PRESS.The Winchester Daily Democrathas been enlarged to a seven-columnpaper, and has recently installed aDuplex Perfecting Press of the mostmodern type. The Democrat is one-of the best exchanges that come tous, and we are gratified to note theevidence of prosperity."THESE RATS WOULDN'T EAT MYBEST GRAIN," SAYSPEED LAMB. "It's hard to keep rats out of a feedstore. Tried for years. A neighboring store sold me some RATSNAP. It worked wonders. Gathered up dead rats every morning.Bought more RAT-SNAP. Haven'ta rat now. They wouldn't, eat mybest grain when I threw RAT-SNAParound." Three sizes, 25c. 50c,.$1.00. Sold and guaranteed oy theFarmer's Supply Co. -( oct-adv XSome people are so .ignorant thatthey don't know they are: s'Save Time and MoeiBy Using aHome Telephone ,Residence rate ranging from $l.Z&-t$2.00 "per rri6nthv for Bourbon Couiiltyrservice. v -v Place your order now and: avoid' tifefall rush on install . jf: -ISParis Home Telephone TelegraKComdny(Incorjorted)J. ; J. ..-v eaten, JJiitnct jununnt w tt n... .Ti-i.'tV-r CfcT-..'?"3 ' 'J .-',.' -T ' T .. - - "WJm.mm v VJ -""r'P&IK; B.miJ, rZ 4T 3' --? v' -S-.Vr'i"!&THE BOTOBOlf HEWS,, PASXS, JLEJITUtTf"TT'tFRIDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1918.r Gi W9E u fljHHimi1uWK-heMATRIMONIAL.County Clerk Pearce Paton issued a marriage license from Jiis office"Wednesday to Miss Alta James Clifford, 30, and Orie Pugh, 30, both ofHarrison.KIMBALL REEVES.Miss Dayantha Kimball and Mr.Robert B. Reeves, both of Winchester, secured license here and weremarried in' the court house by Rev.3r. B. F. Orr, of the Methodistcliurch.LEMON HUBBARD.Mr. James Hubbard and MissEdna Lemon, both of the MillersTmg vicinity, were married in thatcity Tuesday at the home of Mrs.Hubbard, by Rev. C. Adams, pastor,of the Methodist church.EARLYWINE VARNERMiss Mary Ann Earlywine,twenty-two, and Mr. Harvey Varner,PUBLIC AUCTIONAT 2:30 P. M., ONThursday, November 6, 1919on the premises on Mt. Airy Avenue, Paris, Kentucky,we will sellTWO FIINE HOMESNo. 1 Belongs to Ed Stump and is a two-storyframe, seven rooms, bath, gas. Aiso a good cellar andcistern, garage and hen house. Possession Nov. 15th.No. 2 Belongs to Mrs. M. A. Paton, located onMt. Airy Avenue, two doors above the Stump property.Two-story brick with slate roof, 8 rooms, halls, porches,good cellar and cistern. Possession in sixty days.Don't forget the day and date, Thursday, November6th, at 2:30 p. m.Paris Realty Company512-514 Main Street Office with Lee-Kent Oil Co.C. P. MANN and H. S. REDMONParis, KentuckyOHIO BLUE GRASS FARMSStrong Limestone Land at Right Prices158 acres of level to gently rolling land on good pike close tochurch and school, one mile from traction and good town, 58 a: of fine"blue grass, the kind that produces the best grade of White Burley to"bacco, 15 a. wheat, 25 a. clover, good stand, 5 a. apple orchard bearingfruit of all kind, 7-room t., 2 barns, silo, corn crib, wagon shed poul-try a., well fenced, plenty of water, Good STOCK, GRAIN AND TOBACCO FARM, ?ll,000 one half cash.186 acres level to gently rolling land, close to traction, church and' .school, on good pike. 6-room h., large ham, silo, corn crib, 'wagon,-shed, 50 a. meadow, 10 a. blue grass, 12 a. woodland, 30 a' wheatgood fences, well-watered-i-$110 per acre, one-third cash.97 a. of level land, well-located, on good pike, close to smalltown, 10 a. wheat, 27 a. clover and timothy meadow, fenced into 8fields, good 4 room h. THIS IS A GOOD FARM AND A BIG BARGAIN, 57,500. Terms to suit.197 acres of HAMILTON COUNTY BEST LIMESTONE BLUE-. GRASS LAND, on good cement pike, one mile of DIXIE HIGHWAY and' corporation line of Cincinnati. 100 acres of this land will produce thehest grade of WHITE BURLEY TOBACCO, 56 a. sowed to wheat, 50 ayoung clover, good stand, 40 a fine bluegrass, no better, 12 a. timothy,5 a. orchard bearing, well fenced, running water in every field, airpressure water system furnishing water in ham lots and feed rooms sanitary cow barn for 50 cows, with feed barn attached, stock and ' feed"barn 50x80, silo, large implement shed, poultry h., hog h., shed with'.Fairbanks scale, 2 garages. The wheat on this farm averaged 30bushels on 52 acres, corn will make 12 barrels per acre, milk check,, averages $350 per month. This farm has an income of $11,500 perTear, is worth ?250 per acre for farming purposes, but has a greater fu-, ture as sub-division property on account of its nearness to CincinnatiPrice, $30,000. - . .Now, in making an investment you owe it to yourself and yourfamily to get the best possible for the least possible amount of moneyyou have to invest. We are the largest farm dealers in Southern-Ohio, and can sell you GOOD LIMESTONE LAND for $75 to $150 peri acre, in neighhorhoods where you will be proud to live in WE CAN- SATISFY YOU IN PRICE, LOCATION AND TERMS. A few dollars willbring you to our office. COME AND BE CONVINCED.GET OUE NEW EAE3J LEST.: PARR & WOODRUFF, 321 E. Fourth St, Cincinnati, O.PUBLIC SALEO PStock, Crop, Implements, Etc.Having sold my farm near Paris, and my property in Paris, I willoffer at public sale, on the premises, on the Clintonville pike, onFriday, October 31, 1919,at about the hour of 10:00 o'clock, a. m., the following described livestock, crops, farming implements, etc:Three mules, 4 to 7 years old;- One 2-year-old gelding;'One 3-year-old draft mare;One 3-year-old draft gelding;Two Jerssy cows, extra good;Nine pure-bred Duroc sows and pigs;'One Duroc boar;"Nine meat hogs;'25,000 tobacco sticks;Seven shoats, weight 100 each;Twenty-three yearling Southdownj ewes;One registered buck;'Two gas engines, 2 and 15 horsepower;jkSmalley ensilage cutter, none better;Om DeLevel Cream Separator;One McCormick corn harvester;4VGar; harness; hoes; rakes; forks;Farm machinery of all kinds;I.jCOL. GEO. J. SPEAKES, AuctiMiMr.twenty-four, both of Bourbon, coun-,ty, were married in the omce oi meNicholas County Clerk, at Carlisle,Rev. J. W. Crates, of the Methodistchurch, performing the ceremony.HINKLE MAYBRIERMiss Mayme C. Hinkle, of Bour'bon county, and Mr. Robert May! brier, of Barterville, Nicholas county, were married weunesaay at meresidence of the officiating minister,Rev. Bela Metcalfe. The groom isa son of Mr. G. W. Maybrier, of Cynthiana, and the bride is a daughterof Mr. and Mrs. Tilford Hinkle, ofthe North Middletown vicinity.STONE SPENCER.Relatives and friends of thebride in this city, have receivedcards announcing the marriage ofMiss Zuma Stone, daughter of Mrs.E. L. Stone, of Fourth street, to Mr.Carlisle Spencer, of Jackson, Ky.The bride has been teaching in thepublic school at Jackson. Mr. Spencer is a young business man ofJackson, who has just returned fromoverseas in the American Expeditionary Force in France. Mr. andOne International Hay Press; selffeed; good as new; ""Cultipacker, and, in short, everything used on a well-equippedfarm all in first-class condition; One Buick roadster, 1918 model, infirst-class condition;Thirty acres of cqrn in shock;Fifty tons of good baled straw;Household and kitchen furniture;Large lot of other things too numerous to enumerate here.Ten Individual Hog Houses;One New Idea Manure Spreader;One Deering Binder;One Deering Mower;Two Self-feeders;One 10-barrel Galvanized Tank;Meat and lard;D. THOMPSONMrs. Spencer will malce their homeat the Jefferson Hotel, in Jackson;MINKER WILLS.A marriage license was- issuedTuesday from the office of the County Clerk of Fayette county, to JohnB. Wills, twenty years old, of Eourbon county, farmer, and Mjss JessieLee Minker, nineteen, of Bourboncounty.They were married the same dayat the home of the grom's brother,Clarence Wills, on South Mainstreet, by Rev. Greer, of the Methodist church.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.AComings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mrs. Arthur B. Hancock, . ofParis, was one of the guests at aluncheon given at the Country Clubnear Lexington, Wednesday, by MissJay Dangerfield, in "honor of MissMary Morris, of Cleveland, Ohio, theguest of Miss Elizabeth Dangerfield.Miss Kate Alexander, of Paris,was one of the guests Tuesday evening at a dinner party given at"Hinata" by Mrs. Clarence Lebus, inhonor of Gov. James B. Cox, ofOhio, and his party. Gov. Cox hasbeen assisting in the Democraticcampaign in this State.The Lexington Country Clubwill close for the season with a Hallowe'en party to-night. Mrs. JamesW. Thompson, of Paris, is a memberof the committee on arrangementsfor the dance and buffet supperwhich will form thep rincipal features of the evening's entertainment.Cynthiana Democrat: "Mr. andMrs. D. C. Cleveland, of near Paris,delightfully entertained at dinnerMr. and Mrs. Frazier Curie and family, Mr. and Mrs. John Florence andfamily, of Colville, and Mrs. VanHook and daughter, Blanche, who isattending college at Lexington."All members of the Paris Epworth League are invited to attenda Hallowe'en social at the home ofMrs. Roberts Mclntyre, on Highstreet, to-night (Friday), October31, at 7:30 o'clock. This will be amasquerade party. Come and bringyour friendsCarlisle Mercury: "Miss NancyMetzgar has returned to her home inParis after a visit to friends in thiscitv. . . .Mrs. Sam Harding and son,of Paris, visited her aunt, Miss AnnieJohnson, in this city, Tuesday andWednesdav. .. .Charles Hornbackiand Foster Hubbard, of Paris, visited the family of their uncle, William Crump, this week."Cynthiana Democrat: "Dr.Paul Lail, Miss Mary McDaniel, Dr.and Mrs. L. S. Givens attended theBruce-Lail wedding in MillersburgThursday afternoon .... Mrs. L. G.Benton was the guest of Mrs. Thompson Tarr, in Bourbon county, lastweek and attended her luncheonbridge Thursday .... Messrs. M. H.Payne and W. W. Mitchell, of Paris,were here on business Tuesday. Mr.Mitchell has been appointed administrator of the estate of Robt. B. Lyne,deceased Miss Emma Smith, ofParis, is a guest of her sister, Mrs.John Taylor."Flemingsburg Times-Democrat"Jas. R. Doran went to Paris, Wednesday morning. . ..Mrs. Wm. Kirkwent to Paris, Tuesday afternoon, tospend several days with relatives . . .Mrs. A. P. Darnall has been in Millersburg this week to attend themarriage of her niece, Miss MaryLouise Bruce, to James PattersonLail, of Paris, which, took place Wednesdav. .. . G. W. Conrad came inSaturday night from Bourbon county to visit relatives. He has recovered from his injuries caused by hisencounter with an obstreperous mulebut lost the sight of one eye." J(Other Personals on Page 5) ,'"WILD GEESE THAT ELY IN THEMIGHT"Hundreds of wild geese, southwardbound, passed over Paris, Tuesdaynight, according to numbers of people who heard their honking as theyflew. According to local weatherprognosticators this flight is an indication that winter is close at hand.The geese were flying low, and attracted attention by their noise. Theflight of the birds were first noticedabout 10:30 o'clock, their passagerequiring several hours. The migration of wild geese is an annualevent, the birds forsaking the coldof their Northern haunts for thewarmth of the South.A prominent farmer residing nearParis, told THE NEWS man that,hearing a strange noise in his yardlate Tuesday night, he went out toinvestigate, and was surprised tofind a large number of wild geeserunning about in confusion. Theflock had evidently lost their leader,and were looking for a way out.None of the geese were captured orkilled that we have heard of, ,thoughhunters were "out looking for themWednesday morning.. oTHE BEST INSURANCE.Insure your tobacco in thebarn against Fire and Windstorm with 'YERKES & PEED,Farmers & Traders Bank.(aug!5-tf), BIRTHS.Yesterday morning, to ttie wifeof Mr. Thomas Hornback, of SouthPleasant street, a daughter; secondborn. rIn this city, to the wife of Mr.Allie Dejarnette, a daughter. Mrs.Dejarnette was formerly Miss GraceYelton, of Pnedleton county.B-4 FIREInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,AgtsDEATHS;LYTLE.The burial of the infant son ofMr. and Mrs. Gilbert Lytle tookplace in the Paris Cemetery at3 o'clock Tuesday afternoon. Services at the grave, conducted by A.L! Boatright. The sorrowing parents have the sincere sympathy ofthe entire community.PARKERThe funeral of J. W. Parker,who died Monday at his home nearCarlisle was held Tuesday with services conducted at the grave in theEast Union Cemetery. He is survived by four children, W. T. Parker, of Carlisle; George Parker andJesse Parker, of Paris, and LizzieParker, of Carlisle.WARREN.Mr. S. R. Warren, aged fiftyseven, a well-known bookkeeper andaccountant, died vat his home in Lexington, after a long illness. He issurvived by his widow, Mrs. MaryjGilmore Warren, one daughter, MissFrances Warren, and one son, Mr.Sidney R. Warren. He was a nephew of Miss Tillie Jaynes, of Paris.The funeral was held at the familyresidence Tuesday, with, servicesconducted by Rev. Robt. M. Massie,followed by interment on the familylot in the Lexington Cemetery.OLDSON.News was received here Mondayof the ' death in Atlanta, Georgia,of Mr. Homer (Bud)Oldson, formerlyof Paris, after a short illness ofBright's disease. Mr. Oldson wasabout fifty years old, and had beenaway from Paris about twenty-fiveyears.He was a son of the late Mr. andMrs. Frank Oldson, who resided in acottage on what is now known asRailroad street. He received hisearly education in the schools ofParis, and in early manhood took aposition in THE BOURBON NEWSoffice, when the paper was located onBroadway. He was a faithful andenergetic worker, and soon made aname as a good workman. Afterleaving THE NEWS office he becameSuperintendent of the Paris WaterCompany, being the first man to fillthat position. From Paris he wentto Clarksville, Tennessee, where hewas engaged in the newspaper business for several years. In lateryears he had been in business in Atlanta Georgia. He was a brother ofMrs. Henry Rippetoe, Mrs. JudithWilder and Mrs. George Rion, all ofLexington, former residents of thiscity.The funeral was held in Atlanta,Wednesday, followed by intermentin the Atlanta Cemetery- Mrs. Geo.Rion, of Lexington, attendedthefuneral and burial.McCall PatternsThis Is Cincinnati'sDOMINATING StoreFOR over forty-two years this store has stood for EVERYTHING that contributes to the best interest of thepublic. We number our regular customers from wideareas in FOUR STATES customers. who never come toCincinnati without visiting Mabley's.We enjoy this reputation because for years wehave catered particularly to the out-of-town trade.' This Is a Store for ALL the FamilyEvery member of the family can be COMPLETELY outfitted here and to the best advantage.We specialize on STYLE in everything to wear andwe also specialize on quality and prices., ; Come to Cincinnati - and to Mabley aad Carew'sThe store is convenient to all railway and interur-ban stations ; to all theatres, and is in the heart of "the shopping district.jcible and (anew (aCINCINNATI'S GREATEST STORE. FOUNDED 1877.EDWDf P. MORROW ADDRESSESLARGE CROWD HEREThere was a large outpouring ofthe Republican citizens and voters ofthe county, as well as those of otherparties, at the caurt house in thiscity, Wednesday night, when Hon.Edwin P. Morrow, of Somerset, candidate for Governor on the Republican State ticket, addressed them inthe interest of his candidacy, andthat of the other candidates on theticket.Mr. Morrow was introduced to hisaudience by Mr. W. A. Thomason, ofthe North Middletown precinct. Hespoke for about one and a halfhours, his speech being frequentlyinterrupted by loud applause. Hedevoted a considerable part of hisaddress to the conduct of State affairs by the Democratic administration and played up the Armstrongclothing deal incident for one of hisstrongest arguments. He exhibitedsamples of the cloth which he saidtold the story that somebody got $5,000 out of a $10,000 transaction.His speech was the usual argumentfor the success of the G. O. P., andpleased his audience immensely.RECENT STOCK TRANSACTIONSThere has been very little activityin the livestock market recently. Afew shipments have gone out to themarkets. Lee Craven, of near Little Rock, shipped Tuesday to theCincinnati market three carloads ofhogs and one carload of cattle, allthe produce of his own farm. Cay-jwood & McClintock sold Tuesday toWoodford Buckner three carloads offeeding cattle at 11 cents, and onecarload to W. B. Allen for ten cents,per pound.PAHMEE TAKES HIS OWN LIFEMr. John H. Parker, aged aboutseventy-five years, a native of Bourbon county, and for many years afarmer of Nicholas county, committed suicide in Carlisle by shootinghimself in the abdomen with a shotgun. He is said to have fired thegun by means of a string tied to thetrigger of the gun and a windowshutter. Parker had relatives inthis county.oFALL SEEDSBest quality Northern GrownRosen Seed Rye, Less quantity per acre. Yields more thanany other variety. Also havehighest quality Seed Wheat andTimothy Seed.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.PREPAEE WHELE YOU CAN; COLDWEATHER COMING.Our car-load of stoves and heatershave arrived. Buy now. Have themput up while you can.(28-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.abl0(ac&QCINCINNATI'S GREATEST STORE. FOUNDED 18 7 7.Store Hours : 8:30 to 5:45We offer the use of our rest rooms our freechecking facilities our information desk our restaurant andTHE FINEST STOCK OF WEARING APPAREL FOR MEN, WOMEN AND CHILDRENTHAT IT IS P.OSSIBLE TO ASSEMBLE.For SaleOne dozen old hens, one-half doz-en young chickens and one largepalm.IRS. PERRY HUTCHCRAFT(31-lt) Cumb. Phone 843.Lost CertificateCertificate No. 3787, of the Burnley Tobacco Society, has been lost.Finder will please return to me.PAUL C. HANLEY,(31-lt) Rte. No. 8, Paris, Ey.Expert Piano TunerHave your piano t and player-pianotuned and adjusted by a reliablefactory-experienced tuner and repairer. JOHN B. GEIS,Cumberland -Phone 578, 918 Main,Street. With, the J. H. Templeman Piano Co., of Lexington.(31-lt)Administrator's Notice.All persons having claims againstthe estate of Robert B. Lyne, deceased, are requested to presentthem, properly proven as required bylaw, to the undersigned Administrator, at the Farmers' & TradersBank, in Paris, Ky., for payment.All persons knowing themselvesindebted to the estate of the saudRobert B. Lyne are requested to callon the undersigned Administratorand make prompt and full settlement of such indebtedness.WALLACE W. MITCHELL,Administrator of Robert B. Lyne.(31-3 wks)Trees! Trees!PLANT NOWFruit and Shade TreesBlooming ShrubsGrape VinesEvergreensPerennialsRhubarbHedgeEtc.Free Illustrated Catlog.No vAgents.H.F.Hillenmeyer&SonsLexington. Ky.(till-decl)Columbia Grafanolas-'v;Tt'-'TTTST.FRIDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1919.TEE B0TOB05 HEWS PAMS, XERIVCO:?r PAGFWTJrtXyKFO& THE BEST vNOTHING ELSETHANKSGIVING TURKEYS.We will begin receiving turkeys for the Thanksgiving market on Wednesday, November5th, and will continue to receive until the latter part ofthe following week, exact dateto be announced later.Turkeys will be received atour Fourth Street place (ntarfreight depot) and at our placeIn East Paris.Call No. 14, either phone.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.Oct31-tf)ERESH OYSTERS.Fresh Baltimore oysters, stewingnnd frying1 size, received fresh everyC. P. COOK & CO.o 'WE DON'T RECALL IT.Editor Warren E. Fisher, of theCarlisle Mercury, starts his "Comnient" column in this week's paperAith the following-:"Times change. In an old copy of'-HE BOURBON NEWS for the yeartssSO, we find voters enjoined toote early and often.". - oSOME SWEET POTATOESWhen it comes to vegetables Bourbon county has produced many wonderful specimens, and is still in thenng. The latest addition to the lista collection of five sweet potatoes,raised by Mrs. Wm. W. Dudley, ofParis, in her garden on Cypressstieet. When placed on the scaleseach potato tipped the beam at fullthe pounds, making a total oftwenty-five pounds of lucious sweetpotatoes.oCOURT DAY DINNERThe Young Ladies' Missionary Society of the Methodist church willserve a dinner next Monday (Courtday) November 3, in the office ofthe Paris Realty Co., on Main street,The following menu will be served:oyster soup; vegetable soup; hotroast beef; hot roast pork; coffiee;pie. During the afternoon hotchocolate and sandwiches will beserved. The patronage of the publicis solicited.WANTED, TURKEYS.10,000 head fat turkeys. Willpay highest cash price day ofdelivery.Will receive from November7th to 20th. Get our pricesbefore selling.Will have branch house atMillersburg, corner Foorth andVtmont.. LEON RENKER & CO.Home Phone 552,Cumb. Phone 361,Opp. Hotel Windsor, Paris.(Oct31-5t)TOOTBALL GAME AT WEIGHTHELD TO-DAY.The Paris and Carlisle HighSchool football elevens will meet ina struggle on the Wright Field, nearParis, this afternoon, at threeo'clock. Carlisle is said to have avery strong team this season, whilethe Paris team, if not breaking anyrecords, is putting up a good game,even when pitted against a superiorforce. The game this afternoon isexpected to be a hummer.DEMOCRATS LEAD IN SPECIALREGISTRATIONThe special registration set apartfor Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday gave the Democrats a lead overtheir opponents. Monday's registration resulted: Democrats, 23, Republicans, 9, Independents, 1. Tuesday's registration figures were as follows: Democrats, 20, Republicans,3.In Wednesday's registration theDemocrats and Republicans each added several more names to the list.The three-days' registration resulted-n totals of 60 Democrats, 13 Republicans and 1 Independent.oLOCAL POLITICIANS ARE WAGERING ON STATE CONTESTWith the near approach of theState election local politicans are beginning to warm up with their betting propositions. The sum of $2,jOO was deposited with a local poolroom last Wednesday, to be bet atAven money on the success of theDemocratic ticket in the State congest, while Republican henchmen"were equally as "strong" in supporting the claims of their candidates in the contest, by putting upfinancially as evidence of their faithIn the G. O. P. Governor Black'ssupporters seem to have the best ofthe wagering.PUBLIC SPEAKINGHon. Harry V. McChesney, ofFrankfort, and Mr. Maury Kemper,of Lexington, will address the Democratic voters of this county, at thecourt house in this city, at 2:30o'clock, next Monday afternoon, Nov.3, (County Court dayO in the interest of the Democratic State ticket.Both gentlemen are too wellknown here to need words of introduction. They are true-blue Democrats, and orators who have madereputations in many lines of humanendeavor. They will expound trueDemocratic doctrine, and thereshould be an outpouring of the Democratic hosts to hear them. Thesewill be the last speeches in thecounty in the present campaign.social Aim personal:tvim.:..., j i". -wuuugs ana uoings or UurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.-Mrs. M. H. H. Davis is very illat her home on High street.Mrs. David Parrish, of Paris, isa guest of Mrs. T. Bruce, in Stanford. Mrs. Howard B. Carr has returned from a visit to friends in Winchester. -Mr. and Mrs. L. J. McDowell, ofPans are guests of J. R. Lisle, nearWinchester.Mr. and Mrs. Joseph W. Davishave returned from a stay at Martinsville, Indiana.Miss Violet Crowe has returnedfrom a visit to her sister, Mrs. Wesley Franklin, in Franklin county.Mrs. W. A. Crowe and daughter, Miss Katie Crowe, are guests ofMr. and Mrs. E. R. Bass, at Stearns,Ky.Mrs. Juliet Erdman Fisher hasreturned to her home in this city after a visit to relatives in Columbus,Ohio.Mrs. Denis Dundon will entertain the Friday Bridge Club at herhome on Houston avenue, this afternoon. Mrs. Walter Shropshire washostess yestreday at her home nearParis, to the members of the RuralBridge Club.Mrs. F. S. Elder and daughter,Miss Ruby Elder, have returnedfrom a visit to Mr. and Mrs. E. V.Elder, in Richmond.Mrs. D. B. Joseph has returnedto her home in Cincinnati, after avisit to her mother, Mrs. Louis Saloshin, of Pleasant street.Paris sent a large delegation toWinchester, Tuesday night, to attend the dance given at Elks' Hallby the young society men of thatcity.Floyd Wakely, of this city, is apatient at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, where he underwent an operation for appendicitis,Tuesday.Richmond Register: "Mrs.Jennings Maupin is visiting relativesin Paris. Mrs. Mary Powell has returned from a visit to Mrs. JepthaHaggard, at Paris."A Hallowe'en social will be given for the members of the Baptistchurch, in the basement of theBaptist church, to-night, at 7:30.Each member is urged to attend andto bring a freind.Avery Beckett, twelve-year-oldboy who was injured in the automobile accident near Paris last Sunday,remains in a semi-unconscious condition at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city. Mrs. Beckett,who was also injured, is improving.Frank Farmer of Oakdale,Tenn., is here, the guest of Mr. andMrs. James W. Earlywine. Mr.Farmer will go to Rochester, Minn.,the latter part of the week to visitMrs. Farmer, who is a patient at theMayo Bros.' Hospital.Newton Smith, Past Grand Patron of the Eastern Star order, representing the Shawhan lodge, andMrs. Stanley J. Bagby and Miss Mamie Wagoner, representing the ParisChapter of the order, are attendingthe sessions of "the Grand Chapter atLebanon, this week.Capt. Robt. Harbeson, of Paris,will render a program of songs atthe meeting of the Woman's Clubof Central Kentucky, at Lexington,next Saturday. He will be assistedby Miss Nannie Louise Best, formerly of Millersburg, head of thedepartment of music a Sayre College, in Lexington. A club tea willfollow in honor of Miss Best andCapt. Harbison.The Paris Literary Club will inthe future hold its meeting eachweek at the home of Mrs. WilliamMyall, at Main and Eleventhstreets. The regular weekly meetingof the Club was held with Mrs.Myall, Wednesday afternoon, at2:30 o'clock, when the followingprogram , was rendered: "Paul'sLater Prison Correspondence andOther Occasional Notes," Mrs.Fithian; "The End of The ApostolicAge," Miss Fithian; "Persecution, ofThe Early Christians," Miss Clay.Mr. and Mrs. Charles Whaleyhave as guest Mrs. Kenneth Hitch,of Hinton, West Virginia.Miss Shadie Shanks has returned to her home in this city after anextended visit to friends and relatives in Lexington..The North Middletown Woman's Club will hold their regularmeeting to-day, taking for theirprogram "Parliamentary Drill."Mr. and Mrs. Claude V. Blackhave returned to their home in Cin-icinnati, after a visit to Mr. andMrs. Robert Meteer, near this city.Mrs. John Walker McKinneyand little son, Ora, have returned totheir home in, Richmond, after avisit to friends and relatives in thiscity.Mr. and Mrs. Frank L. Coxhave returned from their bridal tripand are guests at the home of Mr.Cox's parents, Mr. and Mrs. Chas.Cox, at Elizabeth.Mrs. Ernest Darnaby, Mrs. S. C.Crawford and Mrs. Varden Shipphave returned to their homes inClintonville, after a visit to friendsand relatives in Cincinnati.Mrs. Walter Q. Records and MissJulia Woods have returned from avisit to Mrs. C. A. Hendrix, in Louisville, and Mr. Lauthman Woods, atSt. Mary's College, St. Marys, Ky.Miss Frances Kenney has returned to her school duties at theKentucky College for Women, inDanville, after a visit to her parents,Dr. and Mrs. William Kenney, inthis city.Mr. and Mrs. John T. Collinswill move this week from theircountry home near North Middletown, to the Frank residence at thecorner of High and Broadway, purchased by them some time ago. Tliehome has been remodeled and refurnished throughout.The Progressive Culture Clubmet yesterday afternoon with Mrs.Walter Clark at her home on Fifteenth street. "The following program was rendered: "Early EnglishLiterature," Mrs. Lizzie Walker;"Early American Literature," Mrs.Walter Clark. y-Mr. and Mrs. Charles B. Cox entertained at their home near Elizabeth with a family dining m honorof Mr. and Mrs. Frank L. Cox, whohave just returned from their honeymoon trip. Refreshments wereserved, and the reunion was made ahappy event for all.Mrs. J. U. Boardman, havingleased her home on Seventh street,to Mr. John Roseberry and daughter, Miss Carolyn, will go to Chicagoto reside with her son, Mr. OffuttBoardman, and other relatives. Mr.and Mrs. Hiram Roseberry will movefrom their home in this city to theRoseberry farm, on Cane Ridge, forthe winter.Maj. Durand Whipple has returned from overseas, and is a guestof Mrs. Whipple and children, atthe home of Mr. and Mrs. E. M.Dickson, on Stoner avenue. Mr.Whipple is still in the service andwill report in a few days at Washington, D. C. Major and Mrs. Whipple were guests of honor Monday afternoon at bridge given by Mr. andMrs. Dickson.The members of the Young "Women's Bridge Club were guests Tuesday afternoon of Mrs. EdwardSpears. The event was combinedwith a hide-and-seek shower forMiss Agnes Turner, a future bride.Besides the members of the Club thefollowing invited guests were present: Mrs. Douglas Clay, Mrs. JohnM. Stuart, Mrs. Hugh Campbell,Mrs. W. E. Patton and Miss SaraLouise Bedford.The Jemima Johnson Chapter,Daughters of the American Revolution, will hold their regular meetingat the Masonic Temple, in this city,at 2:30 o'clock to-morrow (Saturday) afternoon. There will be election of officers and a report of theState meeting. Among those attending the State meeting held in' Lexington were Mrs. Charlton Alexander, Mrs. Wade Whitley, MissesBlanche Lilleston, Elizabeth Grimes,Laralette Ranson and Grace Hargls.(Oter Personals on Page 4)THE FAIREvery price in this advertisement is a SPECIALPRICE and every item is a BargainFOR SATURDAY NEXT ANDMONDAY, COURT DAYGray Granite Sauce Pans 10c.Gray Granite Kettles 10c.Brass King Wash Boards 59c.Ivory Soap, 2 cakes 15c.Emergency Hand Soap, used without water, perfectly harmless a box25c.Shoe Trees, a pair, 10c.Gold Band Trays, Each 69c.Nickel Plated Trays, Each 24c.Bristle Paint Brushes, 5c and 10c.Baby Brush and Comb, 35c.Number 2 Lamp Burners, 8c.White Light Lamp Burners, 20c.Lamp Wick, 2 yards, 5c.Asbestos Table Mats, 10c.Genuine Silver Plated T. Spoons,8c.White Metal T. Spoons, 2c.Gold Plated Picture Frames, $1.19-Gold Plate Photo Frames, 69c.Wood Frames Assorted Mouldings15c.Beautiful China Mayonaise Sets,49c.Salt, Pepper, Mustard Sets, 75c.Special Prices on Alluminum Ware(a full line in stock) and at a reasonable price Special for SaturdayOnly, 6 qt. size $3.50 T. Kettles at$2.69. 1 qt. T. or Coffee Pots,regular price $2.38 at $1.98.Alluminum Roasting Pans, $1.98and up.Savoy Roasting Pans, $1.98 andup.Seamless Blue Water Pails, 87c.3 qt. size Blue Coffee Pots, 79c.Canary Birds, Guaranteed to sing,Your Choice, $2.50.50c Butcher Knives, Each 33c.Coal Buckets, riveted handles, allsizes. Fire Shovels, Pokers, All sizesStove Pipe and Elbows, Nickel Plated Smoothing Irons, 10c, 15c, 25cand up.Sure Catch Lightning Rat Traps,15c.Sure Catch Lightning Mouse Traps5c.Spring Mouse Traps, 3 for 5c.Large Tube Cake Pans, 69c.The new way to serve CondensedMilk, See the new Nickle PlatedCan Server, no holes to punch, orcan to cut. Ask to see this server.Window Shades, Fine Quality, nocheap shades in the lot. HeavySpring Rollers, regular $1.25, 1.50and $2.00 Shades, sizes run 36, 38,40. 42 and 44 inches wide, 6 and 7foot long, in Green, White, Brownand still better a lot of Duplex ShadesGreen on one side, White on theother side, about 1 or 2 of a kind,none sent C. O. D., none Exchanged.Your Choice, 79c.Black Iron Enamel for PolishingStoves, Grates, etc., large can, 15c.lit vTHE FAIRChildren's Week!Extraordinary Values Offered on All Falland Winter Apparel For Missesand Children ;The unusual variety of the garments, theexceptional beauty of the fabrics, the exqui- 'site workmanship put into them and the unusual reductions we have placed on all Misses'and Children's Garments during Children'sWeek makes this an event of the greatestimportance to every Central Kentucky mother.REMEMBERTheres only one way to test the advantagesand savings to be had during this Children'sWeek Sale Come and see for yourself.HARRY SIMON2241W. Main St.Lexington, Ky.Main StreetParis, Ky.JWIfcv1Iff 3'WBargmn "ttarvesirtor vou. m ourFumfture StoreNow' TflMrs. HomeloVer:Buying our new furniture and rugs is notspending money but INVESTING it.New furniture and rugs in your home makeyou appreciate that home more; it gives joy toyour wife; it makes the children happy and orderly;it adds to the refinement of all.When your furniture comes from our store youwill know that it is the latest style, high in quality, strong and durable.But you will always find our PRICES LOW."" k syx icc'ia ". -iTHE J. T. HIJVTON CO.EITHERPHONE 36 PARIS, KENTUCKY SIXTH AND MAINMotor Hearse Motor Invalid Coach Undertakingii'. XV. - 3K- r& ' e t?,'-Jp. fc -,A- ' V" r, t, f q. !?" . --- V . VixKXgyry frif uiftfiMijT-'nn iri Miin"itiyiV."THE BOTOBOH' EWS, PAWS, jTEHTBCXYFRIDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1919. ,iPAGE SIX- - XVfiri- S3tg tm? " tM JlA Coated Tongue ?What it MeansA bad breath, -coated tongue, badtaste in the mouth, languor and debility,are usuallysigns thatthe liver isout of order.Pbof. Hemmeter says:"The liver iaan organsecondary inimportanceonly to theheart."We tanmanu facture poisonswithin ourown bodieswhich arefcs deadly as a snake's venom.The liver acts as a guard over ourtrell-being, sifting out the cinders andjishes from the general circulation. 'A blockade in the intestines pilesa heavy burden upon the liver. Ifthe intestines are choked or cloggedup, the circulation of the blood"becomes poisoned and the systembecomes loaded with toxic waste,and we suffer from headache, yellow-coatedtongue, bad taste inmouth, nausea, or gas, acid dyspepsia, languor, debility, yellow skinor eyes. At such times one shouldtake castor oil or a pleasant laxative. Such a one is made of Mayapple, leaves of aloe and jalap, putinto ready -to -use form by DoctorPierce, nearly fifty years ago, andsold for 25 cents by all druggists asDr. Pierce's Pleasant filets.WEEK'S SALARY NOW FOR PAIROF SHOES.One of the most entertaining writers in the country is O. O. Mclntyre,whose "New York Day By Day" column, is always full of somethinggood. In a recent letter Mclntyretells of his experience in buying anew pair of shoes:"I have just been down to buy apair of shoes. Whittier wrote hisblessing on the barefoot boy, butwhy did he overlook the barefootman? Buying a pair of shoes is justlike picking out an automobileonly more expensive. In one Fifthavenue shop the cheapest thingthey had was $18. I once bought ahorse for that. It seems that thereare 'too many feet in the country.Buying a shoe was once an easymatter. The only embarrassmentwas to have a hole in your sock. Nowit is a matter of shapes, styles andcolors. Do you fancy somethingwith a red body and a dark brownrunning gear? No? Well, howabout the latest yellow speeder modelwith a one-man top? You may havea pair of either for a sum slightlylower than the last loan to France."MEuIAN SASPiRINISFor Coldsr Headache, Pain, Neuralgia, Toothache, Lumbago,RheumatismP.- -aMAAiiItiTMovawu-iits) vrsisi3o)a u nt is 9TSWffi'snigaasgswigtoig- "Bayer Tablets of Asprin" to begenuine muSt be marked with thesafety "Bayer Cross." Always buyan unbroken package of "BayerTablets of Aspirin" which containsproper directions.Handy tin boxes of twelve tablets cost but a few cents. Druggists also sell larger "Bayer" packages. Aspirin is the trade mark ofBayer Manufacture of Moncaceticacidester of Salicylicacid.(adv)oNo spot in the British Isles ismore than eighty miles from thesea',MATERNITY CORSETSFitted by Our Graduate Corsetieresgive a trim, stylish, figure Without the slightest endangerment to the well being either of the mother or child.Wear these corsets. Enjoy health, comfort and a goodappearance during maternity.These and each of the many other types and styles ofParisian corsets are perfectly fitted by experts. Tour5gure is studied and the corset is adapted to your needsso as to correct faults and develop your best lines.iAfail Orders recev cful prompt attention If it is not convenient for you to visit our store vJrite telling usof your needs. Snd for our Free Style Folder.Tarisian Corset Storecorner RACE and OPERA PLACE CincinnatiNATURE GIVES THE FORM. PARISIAN THE FIGUREiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiuiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiiniuimiiiiiiiiuuiiiiujinTHE UNIVERSAL CA$Here is the Ford Runabout, a perfect whirlwind of utility. Fits into the daily life of"everybody, anywhere, everywhere, and all thetime. For town and country, it is all that itsname implies a Runabout. Low in cost ofoperation ; low in cost of maintenance, withall the sturdy strength, dependability and reliability for which Ford cars are noted. We'd bepleased to have your order for one or more. Wehave- about everything in motor car accessories, and always have a full line of genuineFord parts give genuine Ford service.Ruggles Motor Co.Bank Row, Paris, Ky.JAmmRETAIL SALE OP SURPLUS GOVERNMENT SUPPTJESMayor E. B. January has receiveda letter from Lieut.-Col. E. B. Gregory, Zone Supply Officer of the Quartermaster's Depot, located at, Jeffersonville, Indiana, in regard to theGovernment sale of surplus supplies.The press has been asked to givewide publicity to the letter,, whichis accompanied by a list of articles,and prices at which they may be obtained. The letter follows:"Jeffersonville, Indiana,"October 23, 1919."Mayor of Paris Bourbon County,Kentucky."1. As you may be aware, theGovernment is disposing of certainsurplus supplies through the mediumof retail stores, established in various cities throughout the UnitedStates. These supplies consist ofhardware, clothing and food stuffs."2. As it is not practicable to establish a retail store in your city, theWar Department has authorized thisDepot to accept bulk orders from anymunicipality, district or any bonafide community buying organization.These orders will be shipped byfreight, charges prepaid, and a discount of ten per cent, on the entirebill will be allowed for overhead,which the purchaser must necessarily incur in distributing the goods.Assurance, however, must be givenby the purchasing municipality, district or community that the goodswill be delivered to the ultimateconsumer at the Government retailprice."3. There is enclosed herewith alist of items which this depot is ableto furnish you. You may be assured that any goods ordered will bepromptly furnished or the money refun fipri"4. Cash in shape of a Post Office JMoney Order or certified check mustaccompany the order."5. As the purpose of establishing these retail stores was not somuch to dispose of the surplus stockas to put the goods in the hands ofthe ultimate consumer at the cheapest price possible, it is especially requested that you interest yourself inthis matter and place it before any ofthe citizens of your town who maybe desirous of taking advantage ofthis offer. i"6. This Depot will be glad, tofurnish you any additional information which you may desire."By authority of the Zone SupplyOfficer."E. B. GREGORY,"Lieut. Col., Q. M. Corps, ZoneOfficer."List of Supplies For Sale to Municipalities. 'GENERAL SUPPLIES.Blankets, wool, $6.00 each.Boot, rubber, hip, $5.25 pair.Overalls, combination, $2.50 pair.Socks, cotton, 15 cents pair.Socks, woqlj, heavy, 55 cents pair.Towels, cotton, 20 cents each.Undershirts, cotton, 50, cents each.Gloves, Jersey knit, 20 cents pair.Candles, Tallow, 20 cents pound.Cans, ash, (18x24 ' and 21x25)$3.00 each. .Handles, pick, 21" cents each.Kettles, camp, with cover, 80 centseach.- FOOD STUFFS.Bacon, in crates, 20 cents perpound.Bacon, 12 pound cans, $2.75 can.Beef, corned, pound cans, 23 centscan.Beef, corned, 1 pound cans, 23cents can.Beef, corned, 2 pound cans, 55cents can.Beef, roasted, 2 pound cans, 63cents can.Hash, corned beef, 1 pound cans,22 cents can.Hash, corned beef, 2 pound cans,37 cents can.Beans, baked, 1 pound cans, 4cents can.Beans, baked, 3 pound cans, 9cents can.Flour, issue, 6 cents pound.Peas, green, 2 pound cans, 9 centscan.Pepper, black, ground 4-poundcans, 9 cents can.Cinnamon, ground -pound cans,7 cents can.Hominy, coarse, 6 cents pound.Tomatoes, 2 pound cans,8 centscan.Tomatoes, 3 pound cans, 11 centscan.Tomatoes, 10 pound cans, 33 centscan.Farina, 1 pound package, 14 centspackage.Pumpkin, 2 pound cans, 3 centscan.Pumpkin, 3 pound cans, 6 centscan.Mustard, ground, y2 -pound cans,17 cents can.oVflfllBJBsBBjljBjlKBjlllllllllllBjlllllB..' HBsiNBlBHBIiBsHBViBBBBaBBBBiWI wJ a vl II K II oM pot wt I Hi klIliiiiilKfliHli1''-':;;. :::zimiiiiiitiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiuiiLrsfc mmm immsm -- .mini mc.lllll!llllllllllllll!ill!ll 'ITMMff' ill PIH""""" ' Lwarsl i"5 I& """Millie lllillj' K. J. KeTBOMSK. Tobacco Co.PLAY the smokegame with a jimmypipe if you're hankering for a handout for what ails your smokeappetite!For, with Prince Albert, you've got a new listen on the pipe questionthat cuts you loose from old stung tongue and dry throat worries!Made by ourf exclusive patented process, Prince Albert is scotfreefrom bite and parch and hands you about the biggest lot of smokefunthat ever was scheduled in your direction!Prince Albert is a pippin of a pipe-pal; rolled into a cigarette itbeats the band! Get the slant that P. A. is simply everything anyman ever longed for in tobacco! You never will be willing tofigure up the sport you've slipped-on once you get that PrinceAlbert quality flavor and quality satisfaction into your smokesystemtYou'll talk kind words everytime you get on the firing line!Toppy red baga, tidy red tint, handsome pound and half-pound tin humidors and that classy, practical pound crystal glass humidor withsponge moistener top that keeps the tobacco in such perfect conditionR. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company, Winston-Salem, N. CHorses in Iceland are shod Avithsheep's horn. In the Soudan a kindof stock made from camel's skin isused.Belgium has long had the distinction of being the only martimecountry in Europe withou ta navy.GET READYFOR FLrpjKeep Your liiver Active, YourSystem Purified and Free FromColds by Taking Calotabs,the Nausealess CalomelTablets, that are Delightful, Safe andSure.Physicians and Druggists ave advising their friends to keep their systemspurified and their organs in perfectWorking order as a protection againstthe return of influenza. They knowthat a clogged up sj'stem and a lazyliver favor colds, influenza and seriouscomplications.To cut short a cold overnight and toprevent serious complications take oneCalotab at bedtime with a swallow ofwater that's all. No salts, no nausea,no griping, no sickening after effects.Next morning your cold has vanished,your liver is active, your system is purified and refreshed and you are feelingfine with a hearty appetite for breakfast. Eat what you please no danger.Calotabs are sold only in originalsealed packages, price thirty-five cents.Every druggist is authorized to refundyour money if you are not perfectlydelighted with Calotabs. (Adv.)TheCharmingiTavor ofKI1 1I IJLKAJLhcis made this pure, healthfultable-drinlc the favorite -withthousands.To make it &qhi, boil 15 minutesafter boiling begins. Add. creamand sugar as desired.TThe flavorresembles a high-grade coffee,but it contains no caffeine,and is free from, coffee harm.No SaffSe fn-JZntceMade "byPostum Cereal Co. Battle Creek, Mich.Sold by grocers, Irco sizes, 15$ and 25$I.8: it, - imvr.j-..TT,L!8y, J?CONSTIPATION.T4ie beginning of almost every serious disorder is constipation. If youwant to enjoy good health keep yourbowels regular. This is best accomplished by proper diet and exercise,but sometimes a medicine is neededand when that is the case you willfind Chamberlain's Tablets are excellent. They are mild and gentle intheir action, easy and pleasant totake. Give them a trial.. They onlycost a quarter.(oct-adv)oIn Egypt cottonseed oil cakesseems to be proving a satisfactorysubstitute for coal. The presentvalue of oil cake is less than a fifththe cost of coal.INDIGISTION, BHIUOSNESS, CONSTIPATION.,Chamberlain's Tablets have restored to health and happiness hundredswho were afflicted with indigestion,biliousness and constination. If vonare troubled in this way give them atrial. sYoir-are certain to be pleasedfor they will benefit you., (oct-ady)o r-t -.Fifty-eight concessions for nros-pecting gold and silver mines weregranted in 1914 in the -Dutch, EastSPECIALSHOWINGOFSuitsCoatsDressesShoesSkirtsWaistsETC., ETC.TWIN BROS, Dtpartmcnt Stortourbon Laundry 8DAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4West Fifh StreetrsssBH v Twp--f SSSSSSSSwfm Syt'jc30A Jl "K'ZffT T VJUMJUATISFAGTION iOUR WATCHWORD! 1" Mv-J With all the latest improve- .v and expert helpers we are JJ"'7$i prepared to do work infe- IK FT1 w A -' --!! rior t0 ana sollclt xO & Xi"5? your patronage.rtine 5ourbon laundrjrParis, Kentucky ' . X.5JXX!: :: ' :Indies.V,-7th and MainSend That Next Job of Printing to TheBourbon News. Best Work; Right Prices,sr7-XFRIDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1919.THR BOUBBOH HEWS. PARIS. KEHTTTCKT1"-PAGE &CVSF'wfr . Sti "S VirwISHKIDNEYS WEAKENING?trMnp- troubles don't disappear ofVAtnsefvcs. They grow slowly butSSdai; undermining? health withSSdly certainty, until you fall a victim to incurable disease.kod your troubles while there is time.Wf wait until little pains become bl7J?es Don't trifle with disease. Tonrt future suffering begrin treatmentSrlth GOLD MEDAL, Haarlem Oil Capiules inw. Take three or four everyday until you are entirely free fromThis well-known preparation has beenMie of the national remedies of Holsmd for centuries. In 1696 the government of the Netherlands granted aJpedal charter authorizing its preparation and sale.LOOK OUT!Th housewife of Holland would almost as soon bo without food as without her "Real Dutch Drops," aa sHoquaintly calls GOLD MEDAL. HaarlemOil Capsules. They restore strengthand are responsible in a great measure-for the sturdy, robust health of theHollanders.Do not delay. Go to your druggist andinsist on his supplying you with GOLDMEDAL Haarlem Oil Capsules. Takethem as directed, and if you are notsatisfied with results your druggist willgladly refund your money. Look forthe name GOLD MEDAL on the boxand accept no other. In sealed boxes,three sizes.TEE POSTMASTER WORKSPostmasters of all classes aretaking- an active interest in the sale0f Treasury Savings Certificates, aswell as keeping- up their sales ofWar Savings Stamps, throughoutjlisBOiiri, Arkansas and Kentucky.In scores of cities, ranging fromthose that have a population of 100,000 to those with a few hundred,postmasters have sent in their ordersfor the Treasury Savings Certificatejn the denomination of $1,000.The Postoffice Department sees toit that the postmasters have a supply of the War Savings Stamps andthe 100 Certificates on hand, butthe larger denominations are usuallysold through the banks. However,postmasters have ascertained thatthat there is no objection to themtaking orders for the $ 1,0 00 certificates, and thejr are experiencing little difficulty in placing them whenthey explain their advantages.o-WHERE THEE'S A BABY ON THEFABM KEEP BAT-SNAPRat? are on most farms. Oncethey get inside the house look out.Rats kill infants biting them is notunusual. Nursing bottles attractrats. Break a cake of RAT-SNAPand throw it around. 'It will surelyrid you of rats and mice. Threesizes, 25c, 50c, $1.00. Sold andguaranteed by the Farmers' SupplyCompany.(oct-adv)oThe atmosphere is so clear in Zululand that it is said objects can beseen by starlight at a distance ofseven miles.Over 4,000,000 pens are destroyeddaily.Best When Fully Ripe.The exuberance of beauty in woman!oes not reach its climax before theim of 35 or 40. Helen, the greatJ reek beauty, was 48 years old whenhe came to Troy. Aspasia did not)ecome the friend of Pericles, beforehe age of 37, andlong after that shewas admired as "the most beautifulovoman of her time. Cleopatra wasover 30 when Antonius fell in lovewith her, and Diana de Poitiers over3G when she won the heart of Henry H."KILL-JOYS"H I HI IIConstipation, Headache,Colds, Biliousness endedwith "Cascarets"I"I"I"iiWI"I'iNothing takes the joy out of lifequicker than a disordered ,liver orwaste-clogged bowels. Don't staysick, bilious, headachy, constipated.Remove the liver and bowel poisonwhich is keeping your head dizzy,your tongue coated, your breathbad and stomach sour. Why notspend a few cents for a box of Cascarets and enjoy the nicest, gentlestlaxative-cathartic you ever experienced? Cascarets never gripe, sicken or inconvenience one like salts,oil, calomel or harsh pills. Theywork while you sleep.(adv)oBy French law no physician mayinherit property left to him by a deceased patient."a pacftagebefore the war 'c a packageduring the war5c a packagenowTHE FIAUOR LASTSSO DOES THE PRICE!157 jWOOD, STUBBS & COMPANY7 CUMULATIVE PREFERRED STOCKjferred as to assets and dividends- Annual Sinking Fund payments ofJJ of net earnings will be used to purchase Preferred Stock at not ovrUO and accrued dividend. .Net earnings for past three years have" averaged over four times dividendrequirements on this stock.Net quick assets equal $131 per share on all Preferred Stock, and total netequal $259 per share.PRICE lOO. Special Circular on RequM.JAMES C WILLSON & CO.HO S. Fifth Street, " ' LQUISVBLLE, KY.AMEBICA MUST GO AHEAD.It is a good tliing for those Americans who think their country is ahard taskmaster in requesting economy, saving and adherence to thenecessary to any nation that hasbeen at war, to note that the Government of the United States is notthe only government which is advising its people to live well, work welland save well.Our very close ally across the seaEngland is urging the unity ofher people in thrift and saving, tokeeD the industry of that countryfrom declining, which would meandisaster and a longer period of reconstruction. In a memorable speech by KingGeorge, not long since in London, hesaid:"With the end of the war a greatchapter in the history of our country is closed. A new era which isopening before us brings itsowntasks, and the same qualities whichhave carried us to victory will beneeded in full measure for the workof reconstruction. The' spirit ofunion, self-sacrifice and patiencewhich our people displayed duringyears of fighting, will still be required if we are to reap the full benefit of the peace which we have won.And those great qualities must bereinforced by the homlier virtues ofindustry and thrift."As was inevitable in the prosecution of the war, we have been losinglargely on our capital. Now thatwe are at peace again our countryurgently demands from every citizenthe utmost economy in order to makethe best use of the resources whichour nation possesses, and strenuousand unremitting industry in order toinsure the greatest we shall have toface depression and poverty. Without these we cannot hope to maintain the high position in the industrial and commercial world which weheld before the war. I am confidentthat the ancient and sterling virtuesof the British people will not fail usin our hour of need.".The confidence expressed by theEnglish people would bend every effort in the interest of their country'sweal, is splendid, anf we of America should give the same assuranceto the world that we will not allowour commercial interests to falter.To work together, united for the welfare of our country to be economical to save and invest wisely sothat there will be no chance of losing, is the safest plan for each individual to follow. There is no betterinvestment in the world to-day thanwith the U. S. Government. Thesecurities of War Savings Stampsand Treasury Savings Certificateswhich she offers, bearing four percent, interest, compounded quarterly are as sound as the Rock of "Gibraltar. oPARIS TESTIMONY ' sHome Proof. Here. There and Everywhere. When you see Doan's Kidney Pijlsrecommended in this paper you mostalways find the recommender a Parisresident. It's the same everywherein 3,800 towns in the U. S. Fiftythousand people publicly thank Doan's. What other kidney remedycan give this proof of merit, honesty and truth? Home testimonymust be true or it could not be published here. Read this Paris recommendation. Then insist on having Doan's. You will know whatyou are getting.Phillip M. Heller, proprietor meatmarket, 722 Main street, says: "Ihave used Doan's Kidney Pills a fewtimes in the past and have beengreatly benefited by them. At timesmy back was weak and lame and thekidney secretions passed too frequently, making me get up often atnight. I have used a box of Doan'sKidney Pills at those times and theyhave always rid me of, the complaint. I think they are a splendidmedicine and gladly recommendthem."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Heller had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.(adv)oJ5AYS "CONEY" CONFIRMS SEVERE WINTER PREDICTIONThe coney has confirmed the wildduck's prediction of a long, coldwinter.The coney is a species of rabbitthat inhabits the higher Rockeyareas, feeding on "timberline" vegetation, according to Webster, butEd. Tangen, of Boulder, Col., mountain climber, says he's only part rabbit. "He looks like a rabbit," aversEd, "but barks like a prairie dog,hibernates like a bear, and is asbashful as a beaver. And is a realweather prophet."Tangen declares he recently sawscores of the little animals gathering their winter store of food, whichis a sure sign that the winter season will be here soon and will bevery severe.7SSft - .mb - a .r-m' j', " - " rlBaaaaK.- A man's -- VBu ha smoke ... ST-'--? - Zx B V"Let's do the dam job togetherChes. FieldTSHY is it that more and more smokers"v (millions now) are getting together withChesterfields?First of all, fine tobaccos. Our own buyersin the Orient send us the pick of the finestTurkish varieties (Xanthi, Gavalla, Smyrnaand Samsoun). We blend these by a secretmethod with specially choice Domestic leaf.This method brings out new Qualities offlavor a smoothness, a richness, a mellowness that go right to the spot. That's thereason Chesterfields satisfy.And remember "Satisfy" is Chesterfield'ssecret, based on our own private formula,which cannot be copied.Every package has a moisture-proof wrappinganother reason for Chesterfield's un-changing quality of flavor.- ri s!GfZffjCi4&fAio4LAm00 CF753fiG4XAX'v'cC '- rlesterfieM20 For 20 Cents -andtHeJ . ,Wcanrt be copied MBJAMES STUCKY SAYS, "RAT COSTHE $125 FOE PLUMBINGBILLS.""We couldn't tell what was clogging up our toilet and drains. Wehad to tear up floor, pipes, etc.,found a rat's nest in basement.They had choked up pipes with refuse. The plumber's bill was $125.RAT-SNAP cleaned the rodent out."Three sizes, 25c, 50c, $1.00. Soldand guaranteed by the Farmers' Supply Company.(oct-adv)oSeaweeds obtain their nourishment from the water In which thegrow, not from the ground in whichthey may be rooted.MARGOLEN'SBIG SPECIALSFor This Weekvav3Kt irt j. w- ijviFUNERAL DIRECTOR IMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299s :Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky. It Corner Fifth and Pleasai' seese a ' a sE aj u s a a 3XBIXIIXm-nhmmxnsiiiKUiuu. AN AGREEABLE SURPRISE."About three years ago when Iwas suffering from a severe cold onmy lungs and coughed most of thetime night and day, I tried a bottleof Chamberlain's Cough Remedy andwas surprised at the promptnesswith which it gave me relief,"writes Mrs. James Brown, ClarkMills, N. Y. Many another has beensurprised and pleased with theprompt relief afforded by this remedy. (oct-adv)--After long and serious experiments9.T1 Italian scientist has decided thatdogs" 'wag their tails for coriversa-..,-4i.;uj.JU10-pound bucket PureLard for $3.00Pure Pork Sausage3 pounds for $1.00Pork Chops 35cBest Cuts Steaks .35cRoast - 25cSpring LambHindquarters 35cFrontquarters 30cMARGOLEN'SvSanitary Meat MarketSPECIALSALEDetroit Jewel Stoves, Ranges Iand Furnaces'Mr, S, E. Guinn, of the Detroit StoveWorks, is with us -for a few days.Come in and let him explain to youthe remarkable performances of theJewel Pipeless Eurnace and Combination Coal and Gas Ranges.GET A J EW ELAND SAVE FUELT. W. SPICER314 Main St. Paris, KentuckySH.JAalw--aSrS'.9Tr'i.smmi9mmWILL YOU SAVE 50c ON BATSNAP TO SAVE $100?"One 50c package can kill 50 rats.The average rat will rob you of $10a year fineed, chicks and propertydestruction. RAT-SNAP -is 'deadly torats. Cremates after killing.Leaves no smell. Comes in cakes.Rats will pass up meat, grain,cheese to feast on RAT-SNAP. Threesizes, 25c, 50c, $1.00. Sold andguaranteed by the Farmers t SupplyCompany. ,"" . ' (jct-ady)TAXI - CABSERVICEAUTO LIVERY Cfe-E. McCracken, Prop.Rwhmn Meter Car fmipif- r''?tional purposes. - AiitCai7NJ"-A '8-:..,'-imnivMBl EIGHTTHE BOUBBOH HEWS, PABIS, KEHTTJCKTFRIDAY, OCTOBER SI, 1919.Paris High School AuditoriumThursday, Nov. 6, Afternoon and Evening3 and 8 p. m., America's greatest impersonatorHORTFNSF NIELSEN -to BALAMOAFTERNOON, 2:00-5:30GRANDEVENING, 7:00-10:30Tomorrow, Saturday I Alamo Afternoon and NightToday, FridayMonday, Uctober L thETom Moore-.. ii ne umerHalfA drama of human values,"builton the the theme of mass andclass; with a cast of celebratedartists, including the quaintZasu Pitts, the beautiful Florence Vidor and the famous veteran, Thomas Jefferson.Also Bill Parsons Comedy"Close to Nature5'ININtiHeartsease99nd scenes from Shakespeare. Special children's program at theanatinee. Prices afternoon 15 and 25c. Evening tickets 50c. Allstudents 25c. A different program matinee and night. "MissNielsen has astonished the literary world with her impersonations. ' ' Nashville Tennesseean .'The Rose of the West'It's a drama of the magic ofmusic; the sweetest love storyever told. Tom Moore in a newWhich is more precious a woman's love or a woman's honor?The answer is given in "Roseof the West," a vivid drama.Alsorole, with dainty Helene Chadwick and others.JAMES J. CORBETTIN"The Midnight Man"ADMISSIONFoot Ball!Also Anne Luther and CharlesAdults 18c, war tax 2c 20cHutchison in"The Great Gamble"Children and Gallery9c plus lc war tax 10cIDELAIN TRAVERSlIVWright's Field Friday, at 3 P. M.Carlisle High Schoolvs.JParis High SchoolMcdonald & gibsonCumberland Telephone 761Agents For Bourbon County ForTHE NEWSTUDEBAKERCARBeautiful in Design, Thoroughly Modern, Mechanically Right. Ask for Demonstration.t. a. Mcdonald0. T. GIBSONMllllltMIMH 1 1U'K11I1IIHMMMTJhe Sheraton jirt 7fodeiC&J9 fjipmNow On Display in Our Store.Come inland and let us show you this wonderful machine,and hear it play. MO NEEDLES TO CHANGE.DALION MA CHINESee this machine and hear it play."I ": 'TJhe Jtuto &ileA Featuture Exclusivewith theDalion Machine.Ghristmas is drawing near. Don't be disappointed invgetting your machine on time. From the information thatwe receive from the manufacturers they will be just asscarce this year as last.Come in and make an early selection.The J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMERSParis Ky.Mainand SixthStreetsDay phone 36Night s . . 56or Home 286Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with, ourLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.nr ttttti trtr""' "'""""" r rttttr fiinniiiHB. Bruce, a graduate of the Millersburg College, and an accomplishedviolinist. Mr. Lail is a prominentyoung farmer of 'Paris, JThe youngcouple left immediatejv after theceremony on a few days' bridaltour.oRELIGIOUS.S3 rooks & Snapp Drug Co,Turtles lay from 150 to 200 eggsat a time. .'o-Nearly thirty per cent, of allflowers are white , j &i&'ilGrand Opera HousePdris KvTWO NIGHTS :-: ' TWO MATINEESSTARTINGMONDAY, NOVEMBER 3rdThe Prettiest Story Ever Told in PicturesHarold Bell Wright's MasterpiecetoilsRfilillfelWmfm&mM IBMTen Reels of Unusual Interest !Millions of People Have Read the BookMillions of People Have Seen the ShowNow See the Picture!PRICESMatinee 25c, Night 25 and 50c Plus War TaxShowing at 2:30, 7:00 and 9:00 P. M.The News Job Department is Always Busy'There's a Reason." Work Done RightMILLERSBURGMr. and Mrs. R. M. Caldwellspent from Wednesday until to-dayin Cincinnati.Mrs. Bayles DeBell, of Ewing,. arrived Tuesday as the guest of her- daughter, Mrs. R. M. Caldwell.Mrs. TV. M. Miller sold on Mon.day her home to Mr. T. W. Currentvfor $9,000. Possession given March1st.Mrs. W. M. Miller sold on Sat$urflay her property occupied by Mr.O. L. Potts and family. PossessionwilUbe given about Nov. 15.e The cadets of the M. M. I. willjtbe hosts to the students of the Mil-"lersburg College, in the M. M. I., 'Drill Hall to-night, with a Hollowe'en iarty.- Mrs. Adah McClintock and''daughter, Miss Ruth McClintock,f Teturned home Monday, after a several 'days' visit to Mrs. Turner Perry, at 'wingsville.Mr. and Mrs. A. J. Thaxton andlittle son returned Monday from"New York, where Mrs. Thaxton andson have been for the past fewmonths with her parents, Mr. and"Mrs. Mingues. Mr. Thaxton joinedthem about two weeks ago.Mr. Shrout sold his farm, knownas the Arris Vimont farm, a few' " days -ago, to' Mr. James Martin, for$39,000. This farm has been soldthree times in the last year, eachtime at an .advance. Mr. Martinpurchased the farm "for his daugh-iter, Mrs. James Ellington. Mr. and"Mrs. Ellington will move to it nextMarch.Mrs. E. P. Thompson, who sustained painful injuries from a falllast week, is improving nicely.I The Millersbure: Militarv Institute football team will meet the fastfootball eleven from the Georgetown, College on the M. M. I. grounds this(Friday) afternoon, at three o'clock.This promises to be a very interesting game, as the two teams haveplayed one game this season, thescore being very close, ending 6 to0 in favor of the M. M. I. team.! At a meeting of the ExecutiveBoard of the Red Cross Chapter,held in the Millersburg College thefollowing captains were appointed,for the Third Roll Call, to be conducted November 2-11: Mrs. JohnPurdy, Mrs. Carlton Ball, Mrs. T. J.Jefferson,-Mrs. Jas. Miller, Mrs. Sanford Allen, Mrs. Allie Miller, Mrs.Arthur Best, Mrs. A. S. Miller andMiss Ruth McClintock.j The following program will beobserved at the meeting of the Millersburg Twentieth Century Clubto-morrow, (Saturday) Nov. 1:j Quotations John Fox, Jr., "People ofThe Kentucky Mountains,." Mrs.'James Miller; "Little Shepherd ofKingdom Come," Miss Ball; "Johnj FoxT Jr., Interpreter of the Kentucky Mountains," Mrs. Current;"In Happy Valley," Mrs. Best. Hostess, Miss McClintock.iVLiss mary .uouise .Bruce wasunited in marriage Wednesday afternoon to Mr. James Lail, the latterof Paris. The marriage was solemnized at 4:00 p. m., 'at the Methodistchurch. Miss Bruce is one of ourmost attractive young ladies, thesecond daughter of Mr. and Mrs. S.Rev. George Eager, of Louisville, a noted pulpit orator, will fillthe pulpit at the Paris Baptistchurch at both morning and evening,services Sunday. v?gRt. Rev. Louis W. Burton, 'orLexington, Bishop of this Diocese,will conduct services at St. Peter'sEpiscopal church, Sunday morningat 10:45 o'clock.The Endeavor Society of theChristian church will meet Sundaynight in the parlors of the church atsix o'clock. The subject will be,"Standing For God and Right."Miss Ann Talbott, leader.Sunday, November 9, has beendesignated as "American LegionSunday.'' Pastors of the Parischurches have been requested todiscuss the American Legion andkindred subjects in their pulpits onthat day? i . --1The Woman's Missionary Society of the Methodist church, will observe the week beginning Tuesday,November 4, as a week of prayer.The meetings will held in the churchat 2:30 p. m. All the members areearnestly requested to attend.The Christian Endeavor Societyof the Presbyterian church will meetSunday evening at 6:30. The topicwill be, "Standing for God andRight." The leader will be MissFern Stone. A good attendance 'isvery much desired.Owing to the illness of his wife,Rev. Arthur Fox, of Hope, Arkansas, who recently accepted a call tothe pastorate of the Baptist church,in this city, will not be able to cometo Paris until November 15 to assume his duties, instead of November7, as previously announced.Union services will be held inChristian church Sunday night, inthe interest of the prohibition campaign. The principal address of theevening will be made byRev. Dr. L.C. McPherson, of New York City,one of the leading orators of the day.The services will begin at seveno'clock.The regular 'all-day meeting ofthe four circles composing the Womens' Missionary Society of theParis Baptist church was held in thechurch parlors Tuesday. The meeting was in charge of the members ofthe circle of which Mrs. W. O. Hinton is chairman and. was a successful one in every respect. The timewas spent in making quilts and ragcarpets for the school at Oneida,Ky. A substantial luncheon wasserved after the social hour. Mrs.L. L. Roberts, of Lexington, save nvery interesting address to themembers, in the interest jof the great$75,000,000 movement of the Baptist church. A business meetingwasheld at the conclusion of, Mrs. Roberts' address. Th next mAofinr wnibe held the last Tuesday in November,New Fall BootsOf Style and Quality!Tomorrow (Saturday) we offer new arrivals of the very newest advanced Fall Models, representing a great assortment of highest quality footwear, at prices made possible only by our value-giving economy store,You'll Be Greatly BenefittedVBy Buying Your New Shoes Here!Our large assortmentof variety and stylesassures you completesatisfaction atm i r v " rrL 'EM&S&SPECIAL OFFERINGof Ladies' Beautiful Mahogany Tan English Lace Boots, also GlazedKid in Black English and High Heels, values up to $8.50, Special$5.95Ladies' Beautiful Jail $6.50 values, Boots in Tan and Black Kid.High and Low HeelsSpecial $4.99Ladies' New Fall Boots in GrayKid, Gun Metal, English Style,$6.00 GradesSpecial $3.99Ladies' and Growing Girls' $5.00Gun Metal English BootsSpecial $3.49Buy Your School Shoes Now. We Can SaveYou Big Money.Misses' and Children's $3.50 GunMetal ShoesSpecial $2.49Misses $4.00 Tan and Gun MetalLace BootsSpecial $2.99Misses and Children's $3.00 GunMetal ShoesSpecial J$ 1.99Men's $5.50 Gun Metal Englishand Medium Toe ShoesSpecial $3.99Men's $4.00 extra good Tan andBlack Work Shoes--Special $2.99Best Boy's Dr"ess and SchoolShoes, $5.00 GradesSpecial $3.49UivDAN COHENParis' Greatest Sboe Store ' Where Beauty. and Economy Reign,fv'Js