",vt"VV vTHE: .' '- Of'NEWS. V 'B . ..$ i-A -r-V:r5u.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.C &'.VOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JUNE 13, 1919.BOURBONPYTHIAN GRAND LODGE CLOSESAOTTTA1 SESSION.The Kentucky Grand Lodge of theKnights of Pythias came to an endWednesday afternoom, in Lexington,after a session of three days. At themeeting at the Pythian Home, on theHarrodsburg road, Pineville was selected as tje next meeting place.John J. Howe, of Carrollton, grandvice chancellor, was elected grandchancellor for the coming year, andall the other officers of the orderwere advanced one grade. J. W. Carter, of Lexington, grand Iceeper ofrecord and seals, was re-elected to hisposition.Grand Chancellor Howe is Commonwealth's Attorney of the Fifteenth Judicial District of Kentucky andduring 1916 and 1917 he was president of the Commonwealth's Attorneys Association of Kentucky.The new grand vice chancellor iswith the American expeditionaryforce in France, and has been promoted to the rank of major in thearmy. 'The full roster of officers chosenfollows:Harry A. Schoberth, Versailles,supreme representative.John A. Howe, Carrolton, chancellor. A O. Fisk, Earlington, grand vicechancellor.J. L. Anderson, Manchester, grandprelate.J. W. Carter, Lexington, grandkeeper of records and seal (reelected.) B. P. Eubank, Bowling Green,grand master of the exchequer (reelected.) S. T. Alderson, Russellville, grandmaster at arms.Emil Poorman, Louisville, grandinner guard.R. M. Hunter, Nicholasville, grandouter guard.Board of Directors for Pythian"Home: R. H. Gray, Covington; W.C. G. Hobbs, Lexington, and J. R.Dorman, Wilmore.0THE BEST BUY!The best buy Greater KentuckyPetroleum Company stock. See pagead in this issue. (It)0THE HOT WEATHER STOVESCHAMBERS EIRELESS GASRANGES.Get a pamphlet and see what youcan save by using a Chambers Fireless Gas Range. Let us show you-this stove it's a wonder.(30-8t) JOHN MERRINGER.FRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSSpecial LotLadies' Suitsat$15.00Just Received:June ShipmentofWelworth Waistsat $2.50Wirthmor Waistsat $1.50 'FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSi' & .' AutomobileREAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSActing as agent for his mother,Mrs. P. D. Shea, Mr. Robert Shea, ofMitchell & Blakemore, sold to Mr. IraParks the home on Convent Heightsnow occupied by them, and adjoining the home of Mrs. Edward Turner,for $4,000. Mrs. Shea and familywill move to a cottage on Fifteenthstreet, and Mr. Parks will occupy hispurchase..' Mr. J. A. Stern, of The Fair Store,sold Wednesday, to Dr. L. Oberdorfer,the brick residence on High street, atpresent occupied by Mr. and Mrs.Richard Wills. The purchase pricewas not given out for publication.Dr. Oberdorfer and family will moveto the home as soon as possession isgiven.Mrs. Ellen C. Kiely and children, Miss Mary Kiely, Jos. Kiely andJohn Kiely, sold this week to Gusand Hensel Margolen the two-storybrick business house, on Main street,occupied by the People's Pharmacy,on the ground floor, and apartmenton the second floor, for ?9,000. Thehouse adjoins the business propertybelonging to the purchasers, at present occupied by Jacob Elvove as aclothing store. The terms of thedeal include a two-story brick residence in the rear of the businessproperty, which will be occupied byMr. and Mrs. Gus Margolen as soonas possession is given. The purchasers bought the business propertyas an investment, and the piesent occupants will remain.AND KONPORTABLELargest shipment of Westinghouseelectric fans ever brought .to Parishas been received. All sizes, stylesand prices. See the small bed roomfan it is a comfort almost indispensible. PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.(3-tf). 0KENTUCKY WILL STRIVE EORDEATHLESS EOURTHState Fire Marshal Pannel hopes torepeat this year the precedent established by Kentucky of passing aFourth of July without a death fromfire works or fire arms. He statedthat there is a ban on fire works onthe Fourth of July, as at all othertimes, and that Mayors of cities andpolice should see to it that the regulation is enforced.of'iDelivery w-. ,INTERESTING OIL NOTESThe Parboken Oil Company, ofParis, expects to bring in their No.3 well to-day or to-morrow on theirKinkead lease. The No. 3 is expected to be a better well than the No.4, which came in better than onehundred barrels.Field Manager James H. Moreland,of the Little Banjo Oil Company, isin Paris for a few days. Mr. Moreland is very enthusiastic over theprospects for his company, and reports work progressing very satisfactorily in the field.The Owsley Oil and Gas Companyis making preparations to drill another well shortly in the vicinity ofthe initial well near Endee, whichhas a good show of oil and gas, buthas not been put to the pump.Mr. Oscar T. Hinton, Mr. John M.Stuart and several others representing the Greater Kentucky PetroleumCompany, of this city, have gone toScottsville on a trip of inspection.They will be gone several days mak-I ing a thorough inspection of the oilteniLuiy 111 mat viunuty.Mr. Charles Wilmoth returnedTuesday night from a stay of severalweeks in and around Munday, Texas,and in Oklahoma, where he is interested in the oil business. Mr. Wilmoth, reports the prospects there asbeing very bright for a successfulseason, and that the oil and mineralbusiness seems to be taking a decidedhold on the West. He saw some bigwells during his stay and say3 showers of oil are a common thing insome parts of the big field.A message was received-here Wednesday from the field manager of theRanger, Texas, oil fields, stating thatanother well on the holdings of Geo.B. Keller, formerly of Paris, hadcome in, and was estimated to bemaking not less than 2,600 barrels.The massage stated that about twenty other wells on 'the same'fieldaredue in soon, from which good prospects are expected. Mr. Keller, whohas been visiting his parents, Dr. andMrs. A. H. Keller, in this city, forseveral weeks, has returned to hishome in McKinney, Texas.According to a report from the Indian Refining Company, operating inthe Lee, Estill and Allen xounjjcfields, 99,700 barrels of oil wereshipped over this company's linesduring May. From Estill and Leecounties 49,183.33 barrels were run,while the production from the western fields showed an increase 4n production handled by this companyamounting to 50,517.03 barrels. Thelarger part of the output of the wellsin the several fields of Kentucky passthrough the Cumberland pipe lines,and this report can not be relied uponfor a definite output from the poolsm Kentucky.Mr. Harry B. Clay, of Paris, vicepresident of the Old Rosebud OilCompany, has returned from a tripof inspection to the Company's holdings in the Big Sinking District ofthe oil fields. Many rumors hadbeen current regarding the capacityof the new well brought in last Saturday on the Company's lease, andMr. Clay determined to make a tripfor the purpose of finding out justhow matters stood. In a talk with thehead driller, lie asked the latter asto how much the well would make.The old fellow for a time would onlysay, "Well, she's a heller!" Finallyit was conservatively estimated thatthe well would run between four andfive hundred barrels. Mr. Clay returned firm in the belief that the newwell was a wonder.KENTUCKY SENATORS OPPOSEREVENUE DISTRICTMERGER.Senators Beckham and Stanley, ofKentucky, called on Commissioner ofInternal Revenue Roper and enteredtheir protest against any consolidation of the internal revenue districtsin Kentucky that would not leave atleast two districts in existence.They declared Kentucky is so situated geographically that there shouldbe at least one district for the western half of the State and one for theeastern half, just as the State is atpresent divided for Federal judiciarypurposes. They suggested that inthe event of a consolidation into twodistricts the headquarters of one district be at Louisville and the otherat Lexington.They found Commissioner Roperset in his decision that all five of theexisting districts in Kentucky shouldbe combined into one district withheadquarters at Louisville, but no action, was taken as a result of the conference. Commissioner Roper saidlater that he expects to make a public announcement regarding his consolidation plan about June 15.B-4 TIREInsure withW.O. HINTON &SON,Agts. 0 .BOY KICKED BY PONY.Roger Mahorney, young son of Mr.Quincy Mahorney, of near RuddlesMills, had a narrow escape when hewas -kicked below the eye by a pony.Four teeth wer broken off and theboy's face considerably bruised. Dr.George Kankiiv'bf- Shawhan, "-wascalled and 'attended to the little fel'IN THE SERVICE OF THEIRCOUNTRY.Robert L. Link, Jr., who has beenvisiting relatives in Paris for several weeks, left Mondav for ntbwYork, to reside. Mr. Link will resume the position he held before en.ing overseas.Dr. Ben Frank is in Paris as aguest Of relatives. He was ranantlv-discharged from the service at Ft.Jtvearney, in. California, where he hadbeen in the aviation branch of theservice. Dr. Frank attained the rankof Lieutenant and was recommendedfor meritorous service.Major Neville Fisher, formerly ofParis, has returned from overseasservice, where he gained considerabledistinction as a commander of men.Before his departure his companypresnted him with a solid gold lovingcup, on which was engraved, "To theFather of the Battalion." His secondbattalion presented him with ahandsome gold watch. Major Fisheris a guest of his mother, Mrs. W. H.Fisher, and other lelatives in thiscity.Mr. Wm. C. Dodson, of Paris, is inreceipt of a postcard from his nephew, Corp. Robert Weaver Talbott,formerly of Paris, announcing hissafe arrival at Camp Mills, LongIsland, N. Y., last Monday, after having been in the service overseas forabout nine months. Corp. Talbott,before his induction into the armyservice, was employed on the Louisville & Nashville railroad, withheadquarters in this city. He was amember of one of the Bourboncounty draft contingents sent toCamp Taylor. He will return toParis after having been mustered out.yShort term enlistments for specialservice in France with the Marineswill be closed June 16, according toorders received at the Lexington recruiting station office Wednesday.For the purpose of relieving marines now in service in Germany andFrance, enlistments have been opened for some months for short terms,with special service abroad specified.Men enlisting under those terms willbe ,sent to Quantico, Va., equipped,and sent directly overseas. WhenAmerican troops are withdrawn inthe fall, these men will be returnedto the States and discharged as soonas they are landed. These conditionswill not be open after June 16.Mr. Michael Angelo Atlas, familiarly known here to his friends andacquaintances as plain Mike Atlas,was a recent visitor in the city,mingling with those he used to know,and those whom he hopes to knowintimately in the future. Mike wasformerly assistant ticket agent at theTenth street passenger station of heLouisville & Nashville in this city,and formed many pleasing friendships, especially among the travelingmen, by his uniform courtesy. Promotion to a more lucrative position,that of ticket agent in the UnionCentral passenger station at Cincinnati, took him away from us, thenUncle Sam called him, and he wentinto the service voluntarily. He hasjust returned from France, where hehad spent over nine months, andsaw action in several of the big battles. He has resumed his old position in the Grand Central Union passenger station at Cincinnati.Writing to a member of THENEWS staff from Brest, France, under date of May 24, Seaman W. O.Pennington, of Paris, says: "I amgetting along very nicely at present.Had a case of blood poisoning in myright hand for a while, but it is allright now, and I am back on dutyagain. Have just returned from athree-days' f ui lough in Paris, France,where I had some time, I assure you.Paris, France, is the livest city I haveever seen. For booze and women ithas the world beat a whole city block.We are waiting to bring PresidentWilson back to America with us. Weleave here Monday for Ostend, Belgium. The President will meet usthere about the first of June. Thenwe will return to the U. S. A. Uponmy arrival there I will get my discharge from the service. Tell EddieI Doty to be sure and save somethingi for me for I am coming home from aj wet country. I see Noah Clark herevery often. I understand he has beenhere for about a year on an ' oilbarge. I suppose you have beenreading about the great war paintingon exhibition at Paris, France,haven't you? It took nineteen, artistsfour years to paint it. It is over threehundred feet long, i am mailing youa small photo of just the Americansection of it7 You can see from thispicture just what part France thinksAmerica played in the war. Well,iiope to see you all very soon. Regards to all the boys."SAVE $3.00 TO $5.00 ONBEACH SUITS.PALMOur Palm Beaches are now ready.You know our prices are right. Putone on and save from $3.00 to $5.00.L. WOLLSTEIN,(6-tf) ' 619 Main Street.SEE THE CTtELESg GAS RANGE.Save fuel, food, time and have convenience, efficiency that is found inusing the Chambers Fireless GasRange. Let us -show you the fiveCOMMENCEMENT AND BANQUETMARK CLOSE OF PARISHIGH SCHOOL.Following the exercises at theParis High School, which began Sunday with the delivery of the baccadaureate sermon to the class of 1919at the Presbyterian church, and thejoint commencement exercises of thecity and county schools held Wednesday, the commencement exercisesproper of the Paris High School wereheld in the auditorium last night intne presence of a large crowd.The principal address of the evening was delivered to the graduatingclass of 1919 by Dr. John LeonardHill, Dean of the Georgetown College. His address was a masterpiece,and was listened to with rapt attention by his auditors. Prof. LeeKirkpatrick, Superintendent ofSchools, presented the diplomas tothe following fourteen members ofthe class: Foster Mitchell, AliceAdair, Louise Connell, Lucille Hall,vallette McClintock, Eugene Lair,Thelma Squires, Irene Alexander,Silas Bedford, Jr., Virginia Dundon,Ruby Elder, William Mclntyre, EdithHarper, Maragrete Griffith.The work done by the students ofthe Latin, History, Sewing and Cooking Departments were offered for theinspection of the public at the schoolWednesday afternoon at one o'clock.The Latin posters, prepared by theHigh School Latin students, underthe direction of Miss Elizabeth Roff,were especially instructive.With the banquet held at the Crosdale Inn last night after the commencement exercises by the ParisHigh School Alumnae Association,the school term of 1919 passed out.The following program was rendered: Welcome Address, Miss EstherBoatright, '17, President; Response,Eugene Lair, '19; Music, P. H. S.Orchestra; Toastmaster, RaymondConnell, '17; "Lookin' Around," J.Stuart Wallingford, '15; Song, MabelGalloway, '18; "What Next?" EliFriedman, '14; "That Harmony,"Mabel Templin, '18; Song, Mrs. David Bachrach, '09; "The Ladies,"Finnell Galloway, '13? Music, P. H.S. Orchestra.The following menu was served:Old ham; beaten biscuits; pickles;olives; potatoes au gratin; pineapplesalad; ice cream; cake; coffee; icedtea.The work of Superintendent Kirkpatrick and the entire racuity hasbeen highly complimentd by the people of Paris, who feel that these efficient workers have ever naa kl viewthe best interests of the pupils whowere placed in their charge, and thatthey have well and faithfully performed their tasks.THE BEST BUYThe best buy Greater KentuckyPetroleum Company stock. See pagead in this issue. (It)WE KNOW HOWMlIS HEREDon't Be Without One!There is nothing in the way of headwear that takesthe place of a Straw Hat or Panama in hot weather.We are showing all shapes and kinds in Panamas,Leghorns, Bankoks, Plain Sailor Straws, Rough Braidsand Sennets.A very stylish rough straw made with turned-upbrim, one of the newest styles shown in town for theyoung fellow who wants something extremely differentself-conforming and very light weight.PanamasFrom$5.00 toStrawFrom$2.00 to $5.00Take off that hot felt hat and replace it with a' cool,comfortable straw.MITCHELL & BLAKEMOREMASS MEETING IN INTEREST OF -BOY SCOUT CAMPAIGNFollowing a preliminary meetingheld at the court house Wednesday "night for organization purposes, amass meeting will be held at theGrand Opera House in this citv. nerxtSunday afternoon at three o'clock,ior tne purpose of considering waysand means for furtherine: the BovScout Campaign.Arrangements have been made forplacing extra electric fans in thenouse, so that it will be as comfortable as remaining: at home. There willbe no lengthy program, and the fearoi Demg bored need not keep anyoneaway. A musical program will beprovided for entertainment, and &speaker of note will address the audience. Everything will be done tomake the house comfortable, and itis hoped there will be a large attend- -ance.Mr. Rudolph Davis has been ap- .pointed Chairman of the campaignfor Bourbon county, and he says liewill make it a hummer. Bourbon expects to raise its quota in one meeting. The fact that Mr. Davis is Incharge of the campaign makes itssuccess assured.The week has been set apart as Boy -Scout Week for the purpose of enlarging and strengthening the BoyScout organization. Associate membership in the Boy Scout organiza- -tionwill be offered to the mothersand fathers of American boys and toother adult American citizens. Thisworthy cause stands alongside theRed Cross, the Salvation Army andthe other humanitarian organizationsthat have had the generous supportof the American people.GRADUATION GIFTS.Snappy and attractive graduation-gifts.(30-tf) THE A. J. WINTERS CO. ioLABOR INSPECTOR SAYS CHIE-DREN UNDER 14 CANNOTWORK.No child under 14 years of age can. 'be given a working certificate In 'Kentucky, even during the summervacation, according to Miss Mayme B.Wager, Assistant State Labor Inspector for this district, when askedaliout the provisions of Ihe child labor law."The law distinctly forbids the emsployment of children under 14 yearsof age at any time at street work, dejlivering messages, working in stores ,offices, factories or other such places.Boys may be employed at gardeningor at farming through, the summermonths, and girls at housework orsuch things as that, but the law"clearly intends to prevent the employment of young children at workthat would take them on the streetsor into the stores, factories orinto the stores, factories or mills,'Miss Wagers said.mi, vj$12.00Hats!Il;5i1ari.iix&.AN!' 1Vn"A- J.J:ti-Lgood1 pointsfJiC30-8t) . JOHN MERRINGERlow's injuries.--pmm two"""-EHB BOTOBOH NEWS, PARISH KENTUCKYFRIDAY, JUNE 13 If If.-!The next timeyou buy calomelask forfalotabsThe purified and refinedcalomel tablets that arenausealess, safe and sure.if edicinal virtues retained and improved. Soldonly in sealed packages.Price 35c.tary, and the Chairman and Secretary of the Million Dollar Committee,under sead of, theGrad Lodge.The m&w hoa is to replace ihe oldbuildings with dne 'which is fireproof, Mi'wili be a monument to' theentire fraternity of the State. Achapel with seating capacity of 3,000will be in the center of a group ofbuildings embracing dormitories fororphans, widows and headquarters ofthe Grand Lodge. The administration building will be on the right ofthis, with schools. hnsnitalK an A in."nrmaries on the left, A modern hospital with operating room, industrialand vocational buildings will be features, placing the Masonic Home on afooting with the most advancedmovements for the cafe arid rearingof children.PAEIS NEEDS MORE PARKINGSPACE.jjUSONIC CAMPAIGN POR NEW- " ' ORPHANS' HOME:Kentucky Masons have justlaunched a campaign for $1,000,000"rtith Which to build the most modern,up-to-date Widows' and Orphans'Home in the country, on the site ofthe first institution of the kind builtin.' America at Louisville half a century ago."tinder the chairmanship of Hon.G. Allison Holland, of Lexington, aspecial committee appointed by thelist Grand Lodge, has completedplans for soliciting every individualTVfeson in Kentucky whose Masonic'organization now includes more than66& lodges with 50,000 members.The members of the special committee are, besides Mr. Holland, John F.Coldiron, of Catlettsburg, Will Ward,Duffield, Harlan, H.r M. Grundy,-Sptfingneld, George C. Atkinson,Earlington, Dr. William CarsonBlack, Barbourville, at present GrandMaster or Kentucky, and A. R. Kiminerlihg, Louisville, who is Secretaryo" 'he'Comniittee.ach Committeeman has charge ofst aral Senatorial Districts into,w! ckthe State has been divided forsystematic work in the Million Dolla'r Drive and sub-committees will;see tfeat every home among Masons.-will.t reached. No lodge will besolicited for a subscription. The.State' Committee has issued a bookletgiving full details of the plan, together with subscription form to bejused by all workers Subscribers to.the fund will be issued aspecial certifie&te, beautifully engraved, signedtysthe Grand "Master, Grand Secre-'aParis, like most of her nighboringcities, is now up against a very difficult problem. On every public day,and, in fact, on almost any day, ourstreets are congested with automobiles, and as these are every day becoming more and more numerous, thequestion is to find some place to parkthem. Main street is almost toonarrow to admit of. much room beingtaken up with machines and thespaces on the other streets will notnear accommodate those nvho come.There is room on the pubic squarefor many machines, but still notenough.The only way out of the difficultyat present is to park the machineson the side streets in the' residencesection. This is somewhat unhandy,but it is the best we can do. We areanxious to do all we can to make itpleasant for those who come to Parison any occasion, which brings acrowd here, and we wish we had better facilities for taking care of themachines.Ever Notice It?Said the near-cynic: "Did you evernotice that the fellow who Is chivalrous enough to remove his hat in anelevator where there are ladies hasno compunction about filling the airwith a cloud of tobacco smoke?"Optimistic Thought.A true soldier never bends his swordto cruel slaughter.CHRONIC CONSTIPATION" .Perhaps you have never thought ofit, but this disorder is due to a lackof moisture in the residual of thefood. If you will drink an abundanceof water, eat raw fruits and take lotsof outdoor exercises, you may be ableeventually tb overcome it entirelyIn the meantime use the most mildand gentle laxatives. Strong andharsh cathartics take too much waterout of the system and make a badmatter worse. Chamberlain's Tabletsare easy and pleasant to take, andmost agreeable in effect. Give thema. trial.,(jun'e-adv)"BAYER CRSS"ON ASPIRINAlways Ask for Genuine"Bayer Tablets of Aspirin"pAYpjaOnly Aspirin Tablets with thesafety "Bayer Crosd" on them aregenuine "Bayer Tablets of Aspirin,"owned and madeby Americans andproved safe by .millions of people.Unknown quantities of fraudulentAspirin Tablets were sold, repently bya Brooklyn dealer which proved tobe composed mostly of TalcumPowder. i"Bayer Tablets of Aspirin" shouldalways be asked for. Then look forthe safety "Bayer Cross" on thepackage and on each tablet. Acceptnothing else! Proper directions anddosage in each Bayer package.Aspirin is the trade mark of BayerManufacturer of Monoaceticacidesterof Salicylicacid.(apr4-tf-F-126)Help WantedGood, reliable man and wifeman to do farm work and womancooking. Four miles from town oninterurban. Telephone 256W.J. H. THOMPSON,(10-tf) Paris, Ky.Alfalfa and Stock FarmsIn the famous black paririe belt ofNortheast Mississippi, ranging from50 to 200 acres.Write for literature and prices.MISSISSIPPI FARM SALESAGENCY,Columbus, Miss.(tilll3june)LostOn streets' of Paris, Saturday, smallpursa, with stamp of JFirstfcNationalBank ORcorer, containing, about ?4in money. Suitable reward if returned to this ofiice. (tf)FoundFound, on streets of Paris, a ladies'brooch pin. Owner may have someby proving property and paying forthis advertisement. Enquire atNEWS office.Lost-RewardA roll of bills amounting to a considerable amount of money, lost inParis, Saturday evening. If finderwill return to THE BOURBON NEWSoffice they will be liberally rewarded.(10-2t)LostLost, Oil Stock Certificate, 200i shares of "Kenslow" capital stockon streets of Paris, issued in name ofGeo. Doyle. Return to BOURBONNEWS office. (6-3t-pd)EGGS GAVE OUT.The farmers' wives in Oldhamcounty are unable to fill outside orders for pure-bred eggs this spring.Three orders for 1,000 eggs eachwhich came from other counties inthe State could not be filled becauseof the active demand. Three yearsago Oldham County decided to standardize its poultry and selected WhitePlymouth Rocks as the breed. Thesefine birds have spread over the countyuntil 17,000 pure-bred eggs were setthis spring.Ford For SaleFord car in good condition. If soldat once for cash it can be bought at(30-tf) MARTIN BROS.Lost or StolenA soft leather dog collar, withlicense tag No, 1005 riveted on. Reward for return to(6-ft) JAS. E. CRAVEN.For SaleWe have 100,000 tobacco sticks tooffer for sale.WOOD MOSAIC CO. (Inc.)(6-9t) New Albany, Ind.mw,ffiMttywrtft1!)The-C3IStrayedFrom the J. T. Hinton farm, onthe North Middletown pike, nearParis, a red spotted bull calf, abouteight weeks old. Had rope aroundneck. Also from the same place four jsheep. Reward, for their return orinformation leading to their recovery.(10-tf) R. L. WTLSON.BANKING BY MAIL.BAFE-PRIVATEnCONVENIENTtttar hatSrcrSr?. ViTttflU-... .- . .- . tuisiance is no object to uart of the country you HveHnJank to your door and furthSOU AtL for Avnf AfUi fffi,ttN tfWfyJH flSwafflS?1". Wft from you yMfbtfn&jTmimuvn w our pwn o "oanjgng,oy lairr;j Tht$iZa5 w ""aianAXCnjinatanapoija.,iRESOURCES 11uUMVfHALF A.IILLION OOLL,MtYjN flUUNXSa?iimiiiiriiHiiimiiiimiiiimiHiiiiiiiiiMiimImportant Notice.If the little girl who found theumbrella at the Paris High Schoollast week, and brought it to THENEWS office Tuesday will call orsend us her name we will be pleasedto see that the owner of the articlesends her a suitable reward.For Sale!Nice Organ, China Closet, 54-inchOak Dicing Table, with Leather-coveredChairs, Davenport,- Chiffonier,a beautiful large Side Board; also asmall Sideboard, several 9x12 Rugs,Gas Range, Coal Range, Bedsteads,Sprfcigs, Box Mattresses, Chairs, etc.Also Refrigerators and Ice Boxes.All must be sold quick at big bargainPrices.BUSY BEE CASHSTORE.(6-3t)The J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND MMBAIsMMRSMainand SixthStreetsParis Ky.Day phone 36INlstUr s - . 56or Home 286Motor equipment.Ambulance call promptly attended to with ourLimousine Invalid Coach. THearse used for funeral purposes only.MMHjVKtTVHbp;' i it m "fttIMM ' I' !' I lllltll H)HHH lillMIIMtltmBanjoGil&w(!1I(To Be Incorporated)wfi i l i vjv-K. 5UO,000 . . PAR VALUE $1 .OOGeneral Offices, Paris, Ky.PERSONNELOFFICERS DIRECTORS sJudge Geo. Batter ton President Ira Parks R. M. WillsJas. H. Moreland Vice President C E. Wilson M.S. Redmon 'f?S,CdJrd Treasurer JiAJSZ" LsKfoelandJ iviaccox Secretary ludge George BattertonThe Little Banjo was Organized to MAKE MONEY Not Merelya Stock Selling Scheme. "7JNTOJPsbidOfficersThe SHAREHOLDER Gets the Same Benefit from Our Success as thePROMOTERS.Ask our salesmen for prospectus read it over and then fill out your application for stockin a company that means business. .Mr. J. E Moreland, Our Field Manager, Reports He Will Start Drilling This Week !Get In Now 25 Cents Per Share Par Value $1 .OOGasJUDGE GEORGE BATTERTON, PresidentPARIS, KENTUCKYEkAJFRIDAY, JUNE 13, 1919.THE EOTOBOH "ITBWS, PAHS, KESRtfCEt?AGE"W-r-'-(.-tIr VJ'V -i------."VHealth InsuranceOne of the distinctive qualities of foodbaked with Royal Baking Powder isolesomeness.This is health insurance of such vitalimportance that millions of womenbake at home just to be sure thatRoyal Baking Powder is used.Remember the adage "Bake it withRoyal and be sure."VS0C1AL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings pf OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.II ISO'VA'? BAKING Ifi j. jtmjl powder III Absolutely Pure - 1I I Made from Cream of Tartar derived from grapes IH S ""' "-' rr i i i JT. tzr- k UkBl H -' " tj ' " 'v Mm1 Leaves Wo Bitter Tast I 131 ImIMTt r-rmi Mill m ,,.,.!.. .... ,., m M30UKB0N FAEMIKG CONDITIONSCorn, planting, gathering bluegrass seed and tobacco setting haveoccupied farmers of Bourbon countyearly and late the past week, and"with, favorable weather conditions,the same program will be observedthis week. Warm dry weather followed by copious rains have made afine season for all farm work longdelayed, and the utmost advantagewas taken by farmers.A large per cent of the corn crophas been planted now, and this weekwill see the work completed, weatherpermitting. Early planted corn lookswell, and barring an early fall theyield this year will probably be aboutas large as planned early in the seaeon. Barley and rye are maturing rabidly, and will be 'a. heavy one. "" Grazing is fine and livestock are thrifty,local markets are well supplied withSouthern, vegetables, while somehomegrown stock is on the market.Gardens are improving rapidly, although all vegetables are late. Peasare abundant and beans will be coming on the market within the nextten days. Potatoes are looking well,but have been damaged by beetlesseriously in some cases.The rains of Sunday interferedsomewhat with farm work, as inmany instances the ground was badlywashed out and somemay be necessary.oEMINENCE BOY BADLY BURNEDBY LIVE WIRE.Oliver Shelby, son of Watt Shelby,"was severely burned by a live wireat Eminence while playing in Mrs.Bess Harris' yard. Mrs. Harris hear-replanting I ing the child scream, ran to him and: tried to pull him loose from the wire.'The charge was so great that sheTHE DOCTOR AWAY FROM HOME was thrown to the ground twice be-wott-nt Turner "KTP-PTTOTt 1 fore sne succeeded in releasing him.. WHEN MOST NEEDED ( childs hands was burned to thePpnnio f.r nftPT, vp mnp.Ti Aie-n- Done and Dr. C. R. Johnson, attend-ina tT,ot mt. TiTureiniJri I ing physician, said a few minuteslonger subjectedto the current wouldhave proven fatal.pointed to find that their physicianis away from home when they mostneed his services. Diseases like painin the stomach are bowels, colic anddiarrhoea require prompt traetmentand have in many' instances provenfatal before medicine could be pro-1 cured or a physician summoned. TheINTERESTING TOBACCO FACTSLeaf tobacco buyers notice a decline in the market with the pre-right way is to keep at hand a bottle senting of statistical reports m theof Chamberlain's Colic and DiarrhoeaRemedy. No physician can prescribea better medicine for these diseases.By having it in the house you escapemuch pain and suffering and all risk.Buy it now; it may save life,, .. (june-adv)No reducing corsets are so trulyeconomical, so long-lived or sosatisfying as these extra-stronggarments.The "Rengo Belt feature oftailoring has become famousamong medium and stoutbecause it solves theopen markets or iventucKy, duringthe month of April, 1919. In comparison with the month of March theaggregate sales fell off 63,063,010pounds, or eighty-five per cent; andthere was a marked Heclihe of $5.32per 100 pounds for the 1918 crop.The average of $20,44 was the lowestof any month, for the new tobaccowith the 'exception of the small offerings of tast September. In comparison with, the month of April, 1918,the sales of leaf tobacco in the Kentucky market fell off 110,699,106pounds, or fifty per cent, but the average price advanced $1.69 per 100pounds.0CITVwomennroblem of retaining shapeii- w -j, . ,vness where the greatest straincomes over the abdomen and hips. Note the exclusivemethod of boning this portion of the garment, then wear one RengoBelt model you will find your first supreme corset satisfaction.Models for every figure some with steelastic webbing for greaterfreedom all with double watch spring boning.Prices of Rengo Belt Corsets Range from $2 to $10For Sale by FRANK & CO.LEMON JUICEFOR FRECKLES--tGirls! Make beauty lotion lora few cents Try It!Squeeze the iuice of two lemonsinto a bottle con!taining three ounces !fo orchard white, "-shake well, andyou have a, quarter pint of the bestfreckle and tan lotion, and complexion beautifier, at very, verysmall cost.Your grocer has .the lemons andany drug store or toilet counterwill supply three ounces of orchardwhite for a few cents. Massagethis sweetly fragrant lotion into theface, neck, arms and hands each dayand see how freckles and blemishesdisappear and how clear, soft androsy-white the skin becomes. Yes!It is harmless and never irritates.(aprl8-tf-F)oThe Home Telephone Your ServantFor Only a Few Cents Per DayLet us analyze his qualifications: He is polite, intelligent, willing,always on duty, day or night.He will instantly present to you the grocer, butcher, baker or any ofthe trades-folks, or the doctor, fire department or police In emersencj.He will go far beyond the confines of the town and bring to you inamazingly shirt time a member of the family or one of your good prospective customers.He will summons the railroad, boat or theatre ticket in a few seconds. And as to wages, he will only c ost you in residence from 6 to 8c petday; in place of business from 10 to 12c per day.Paris Home telephone & TelegraphCompany(Incorporated)t Daily Thought.fift hath no power that hathpower to use. Bailey.not1fflmThree V2 TonUsed Republic TrucksNewly painted and overhauled; Excellent conditionPrices on applicationWrite for OurZist ofUsed Tract SpecialsHarryP. Kelly.!J.ILI.Ill-J.I.-J-J.lfJIJ-Jl,tlj-.lii'MJM.-i-i.i ni1REPUBWclMd;ispOCKSMrs. B. P. Laughlin has returned from a visit to relatives in Cynthiana and Berry.Miss Ethel Rice, of Taylorsville,is a guest of relatives and friends inParis and the county.Mr. and Mrs. Howard B. Carrand Mrs. Clyde Richards were recentguests of friends in Carlisle.Mr. L. D. Harris is able to beout again, after a long confinementat home with a broken ankle.Mrs. Edward Carson, has returned to her home in Richmond after avisit to relatives in this city.Mrs. Ann Lucas, formerlv ofParis, has arrived here to spend sev-Jerai days with friends and relatives.Mr. and Mrs. John Yates, ofRichmond, were guests for the weekend of Mr. and Mrs. Peter Olsen, inthis city.. Miss Elizabeth Toohey, of thiscity, is hostess at her home to MissMary Margaret Brannon, of Lexington, formerly of Paris.Miss Lula Wilmott, of Hutchison, has gone t Washington, D. C,where she has taken a position inthe Government service.Mrs. Charles Hamilton, Mrs.Lyda Turner and Miss Ethel Bramelhave returned from a visit to Mrs.L. V. Thurston, in Lexington.Mrs. Gertrude Smoot and son,Mr. Madison Smoot, have returned toCorbin, after a visit to Mr. and Mrs.William Remington, on Eighthstreet.Mrs.' John Woodford and son,John VanMeter Woodford, visited relatives in Danville this week, and attended the Centennial exercises ofCenter College.Mrs. Clarence Elmore has returned from Richmond, where shewas called by the sudden death of herfather, Mr. Juett.Mr. and Mrs. Wm. E. Turnerj were called to Covington by the serilous illness of Mr. Turner's sister,m rs. Minor arss.Miss Daisy Wheeler, guest ofMiss Honican at her home on Nineteenth street, has returned to herhome in Morehead.Mr. Samuel Clay has returnedfrom Hot Springs, Ark., where hewent some time ago for treatmentfor rheumatism. He reports Mr.Ewell Renaker as improving.Mrs. Will Woodford, of nearParis, Squire and Mrs. John J. Redmon, of near North Middletown, andMr. and Mrs. Will S. Jones, of NorthMiddletown, have gone to Martinsville, Indiana.Mrs. Laura Wiggins and daughter, Miss Rachel Wiggins, entertained at their home on the Bethlehempike, near Paris, yesterday afternoon, with a reception, from three tosix o'clock.Miss Anna Louise White, whohas been a student at Hamilton College, in Lexington, has returned tospend the summer vacation, at thehome of her parents, Mr. and Mrs.Frank P. White, in this city.r-Mrs. Mttie Prunell and daughter, Miss Bessie Purnell, will leavethis week for Washington, D. C,where they will spend the summerwith Miss Agnes Purnell, who is inthe Government service there.Mrs. Calla Thomas Nichols washostess to a party of friends Wednesday afternoon at the home of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. J; Will Thomas,on Eighth street. Bridge was indulged in, and refreshments wereserved.Mrs. Percy Henry, of Louisville,is a guest of her brothers, Mr. PhilNippert andMr. Henry Nippert, inthis city. Mrs. Henry was formerlyMiss May Nippert, and regarded asone of the most beautiful young women of Paris.The Beginners'' Class of theChristian church Sunday school wereguests Wednesday afternoon of theirteacher, Mrs. Lizzie Walker, beingentertained with a lawn fete on thelawn, at the home of Mr. and Mrs.Swiney Ray, on Walker avenue.Miss Mary Kenney Webber, whohas been attending the Ward-BelmontCollege, in Nashville, Tenn.,has returned home to spend the summer vacation with her parents, Mr.and Mrs. Charles A. Webber, nearParis.Mr. Clarence Plummer. wnocame to Paris, Monday, with his little daughter, Miss Margaret JanePlummer, to visit relatives, returnedto his duties at Chavies, Ky., Tuesday. Miss Plummer will remain fora longer visi with her grandparents,Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Day, of Twentiethstreet.Little Abram Clough, the nine-year-oldson of Mr. James Clough,who has been in the Massie Memorial Hospital, since the unfortunateaccidental shooting of some weeksago, is improving. Physicians,nurses and callers say the little fellow has shown remarkable fortitudeand that he has been an unusuallycheerful patient.(Other Personals on Page 5); 6CATARRHAL DE&EN&3S CANNOTBE CUREDBy local application, as they cannotreach the diseased portion of the ear.There is only one way to curecatarrhal deafness, and that is by aconstitutional remedy. Catarrhaldeafness is caused by an inflamedcondition of the mucous lining of theEustachian Tube. When this tube isinflamed you have a rumbling soundpr imperfect hearing, and when it isentirely closed, deafness is the result.Unless the inflammation can be reduced and this tube restored to itsnormal condition, hearing will bedestroyed forever. Many cases ofdeafness are caused by catarrh whichis an inflamed condition of the mucous surfaces. Hall's Catarrh Medicine acts through the blood on theI mucous surfaces of the system.We will give one hundred dollarsfor any case of Catarrh Deafness thatcannot be cured by Hall's CatarrhMedicine. Circulars free. All Druggists, 75c.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,- Toledo, Ohio. .r--i: "" v :(3une-adv)7 4 raHOT WATERAT THE TURN OT THE TAPAlways ready. . Nothing to do but toopen the faucet. The most convenient themost efficientthe most gratifying thing amongall modern household conveniences. nHeats the fresh water as It runs fromthe main. Opening the faucet startst ?gia3TMijjLV the heater hot water flows until theU MLA!f iw ucet is closed. That stops expense.GAS WATER HEATER 'SSK&S"0" "You owe it to VOUr familv nnrl vnnrclf tn mvocttA k:c ,.r..-...-. ..UH,,OUi. irjiw.ncmcr.Let us show it to you.--?!WmmMfi mFor Sale ByT. W. SPICERMPneumaticCushionStampWill print on any surface yielding; convex,concave, as well as plain and add years oflife to the' wearing qualities.Try one when you next order a RubberStamp. 'GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.,xsmiIi Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & PUNK, ProprietorsWest Fifh StreetiSATISFACTItiJUUK WAltnwURTelephone No. 4SffiaGS Wm Mi-With all the&mimirove-ments in iauh to fipplianfesemu. expert neipers jwe aureprepared to do work inferrior to none, and solicityour patronage.I1IXIKIThe Bourbon LaundryParis, Kentucky jXilXIQ1LW.A MAN AND HIS WIFEmay both derive saiisfactaqnby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Ichecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, fitconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must, surely satisfy" you.A phone brings us. ,JiiHIni!;iiU- I'.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANER1 1010 GilberlACincitiriaK.O.W. H. Caimoii,rLocl'KanagerCumberland Phone 40J. J. 'e&tch, .District Manager.Home PhoWl-- ."''' .-'- -.iPAGE POIIETHE BOUEBON HEWS, PABIS, TCEXTVUKTfeiday; junb 13, is u. rf'ttii tTHE BOURBON NEWSlitablisned 188137 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and PridayFer Year..?2.00 6 Months.. $1.00Payable In Adavance.BWHT CHAMP. Editor and Owner.atered at the Paris, Kentucky,Foetoffice as Mall Matter of theBecond Class.)TEE COUNTRY PAPER AND THECOUNTRY ADVERTISEROne of the most notable facts connected "with the country newspaperof to-day is the large increase in theamount of advertising of local business houses. The change has takenplace gradually during the past yearor so. It is highly significant andan inquiry as to the cause of it is ofgreat profit, not only to those in thenewspaper business, but to every citizen of our town as well.The change, in brief, means thatlocal merchants have found it necessary to call attention to their goodsbecause of the immense competitionthey face, the most deadly elementof which is that from the largestores of the large cities. These greatestablishments advertise their waresmost lavishly and the metropolitannewspapers which contain their advertisements are distributed over the-country, some one paper of whichenters into nearly every home. Theresult is that these metropolitan establishments have built up an immense mail trade.In our town, and, indeed, in mostof the towns hereabouts, there is -nooccasion for this out-of-town buying.The duty of citizens in the matter isplain, and where other things areequal, support should be given localdealers. Our merchants have invested their capital, have erected buildings, which are the pride of the city,and have established concerns, whichare almost metropolitan in character.They have built up our city, and it isonly a fair return that they have thecity's trade to turn trade otherwise, even in the line of little purchases, which are great in the aggregate, is to invite the decline of property values in our city.oTnmv KOOL AND COMFORTABLE.Largest shipment of "Westinghouseelectric fans ever brought to Parishas just been received. All sizes,styles and prices. See the small bedroom fan it is a comfort almost Indispensible. PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.(3-tf)CREAMERY COMPANY TO FIGHTLICENSE TAX.MATRIMONIAL. .A marriage license was issuedfrom the office of the Fayette CountyClerk, Wednesday, to Emmet Howard, 38, and Mrs. Nancy Snapp, 24,both formerly of Paris, and now residing in Lexington.It's almost an open secret, butwe cannot go further at this timethan to state that the marriage of awell-known young man and a popular young woman, both residents ofParis, is scheduled to take place inLexington next Monday. In thewords of the old-time country correspondent, "Guess Who!"SAMS MOOREFIELD.A marriage license was issuedWednesday in Winchester to Wm. C.Moorefield, of Paris, and Miss HattieMay Sams, of Winchester. Thecouple were married yesterday' by aWinchester minister.Suit was filed in the FranklinCircuit Court at Frankfort by theKentucky Creameries Company ofLouisville against W. S. Rosson,Mayor, and Mervin Perrent, CityClerk, to enjoin the city from collecting a license tax of $250 imposedby a recent city ordinance on thegrounds that it discriminates againstthe company and the business it conducts. The company also seeks to enjointhe city from prosecuting it underthe ordinance fixing the license andfrom collecting the fine of from $25to $250 for failure to take oue thelicense. Eli H. Brown, Jr., of Louisville, filed the suit for the company11 branch office is operated in Frankfort by the Kentucky CreameriesCompany.oSOMNAMBULIST AROUSES NEIGH-HOOD; RETURNS SAFELYHOME.MORRIS ADAMS.Paris and Bourbon county friendshave received invitations to the marriage of Miss Marguerite Morris,daughter of Mr. and Mrs. John C.Morris, of Lexington, former residents of this county, tojtfr. CarrollSidney Adams. The wedding willtake place in the First MethodistEpiscopal church, in Lexington, onTuesday morning, June 17, at teno'clock, and will be distinctly a society event.JENNINGS MATTHEWS.Mr. Paul H. Matthews and MissRuby Jennings were married at theresidence of the officiating minister,Rev. G. R. Combs, pastor of theMethodist church, in this city, Wednesday afternoon. They left immediately over the Louisville & Nashville for a short wedding trip East.The bride is one of Hariison county's most attractive young girls, adaughter of Mr. and Mrs. Walter Jennings, of near Cynthiana. Mr. Matthews is a son of Mr. and Mrs. JamesMatthews, who were for some timeresidents of Harrison county, movingto Boone county a few months ago.He is an industirous, intelligent andcapable young man, with manyfriends who congratulate him on winning so charming a bride. On theirreturn Mr. and Mrs. Matthews willreside in Boone county.CONFEDERATE .VETERANS .ENTERTAINED AT SCOTTCOUNTY HOMEThe rapidly thinning ranks of theConfederate veterans of Central Kentucky were entertained with a rightroyal mess, given Tuesday by a sonof the Cenfederacy, Mr. M. WebbOffutt, at his Scott county home,"Elmwood Farm," near Georgetown.The outing was given in honor of hisfather, Capt. William N. Offutt, nowof Lexington, and the hospitality extended was for fiftey friends, all butseven of whom wore the Confederateuniform for four years of service.The high cost of living was completely ignored in the sumptuous repast, which was served on the spacious bluegrass lawn, and the guestsspent the rest of the time in recouping the deeds of the days of '61,and comparing the valor of thosedays as compared to the heroism ofto-day's conflicts, as well as the former methods of warfare with thoseof the present day.Among the guests were the following from Bourbon county: Lan J.Fretwell, Capt. James Rogers andGano Hildreth.oCHECKING UP SCHOOL CENSUS.State Superintendent of PublicInstruction V. O. Gilbert, of Frankfort, J. W. Davis, of Morgan county,and M. E. Pogue, of Princeton, werein Paris, Wednesday, checking up theschool census of the county. Thetotals for the city weie found correct,and those of the county were onlyfour names out of the way.oMONEY RIGHT IN -YOUR HANDFOR EGGS, POULTRYAND JUNK.Highest cash price for eggs,poultry, hides and junk.MUNICH & WIDES CO.,(11-tf) Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.oIT PAYS TO ADVERTISE.Somnambulism, or "sleep-walking,"as it has been commonly termed, has always been accounted one ofthe strange freaks of Nature visitedupon humanity. Numerous instances have happened in Paris, somewith a ludicrous ending, others ending in near-tragedy, as in the case ofthe little Clough boy, who was shot"by his father some time ago.Last Monday night, Mrs. W. ,CHENAULT STOLL.The marriage of Miss TalithaChenault to Mr. John G. Stoll wassolemnized Wednesday at high noonat the home of the bride's parents,Mr. and Mrs. Overton Harris Chenault, on Ashland avenue, in Lexington. Rev. J. W. Porter was the officiating minister, and only the immediatefamilies were present.The hall, dining room, sun parlor,living room and livery were all inpale pink and blue with Dorothy Perkins roses and delphinium in willowand silver baskets, bowls and vasesin loveliest profusion.The wedding music was played byMrs. Acosta at the piano and Mrs.Alexander with her violin and thebride and bridegroom entered together and stood at the altar beforethe waiting minister for the eloquentmarriage service.After the ceremony and congratulations the wedding breakfast wasserved, the bride's table being in thedining room and small tables in thesun parlor and living room. Thebride's table was adorned with awhite and gold basket of white sweetpeas at the top, pale pink roses at thebase, the handle tied with white tullecaught with pink rosebuds. Thename cards, bonbons, ices and cakesof the elaborate menu served were inbridal emblem designs. With thebride and bridegroom there wereseated at the table, Miss ElizabethChenualt, Mr. and Mrs. James W.Thompson, of Bourbon county, Mr.and Mrs. Frazer LeBus, of Cynthiana,Miss Margaret Stoll.T.otor tha hririnl r.mmlfi left for arip to Chicago and Les Cheneaux,Mich., and upon their return will goto housekeeping at Mr. Stoll's homeon West Third street.The marriage is a notable eventin Kentucky society. The bride isthe second of the trio of charmingdaughters of Mr. and Mrs. Chenault,and is admired for her beauty andunusual attractions. She was educated in the East, with two yearsabroad in a finishing school in Romeand since making her debut has beena belle in the social world. She is asister of Mrs. James W. Thompson,of near Paris.Mr. Stoll is one of Lexington'smost prominent men of affairs, hav-city for twoa well-known Paris woman, residingon the Bethlehem pike, arose from !her sleep, and. while still under the ! ins represented theinfluence of the drowsy god, put on terms in the Kentucky Legislature,her husband's overcoat, tied a light ! is president of the Lexington Waterscarf around her head, left the houseand paid a call at the home of severalneighbors. At the first place she visited the man of the house, not preceiving the feminine shape concealedunder the overcoat and the flowingscarf, was about to adopt harsh measures, when his wife recognized themidnight visitor, and kindly but ! devoted aunt, Mrs. Sarah McCanni -,- i J.-L. T-r. : TT -v1 nnmnomrWOOLS, LUC jriUJCUlA. ilUlCl viuuipaaijand the Lexington Leader Company.He is the son of Mrs. Richard P. Stolland his father, the late Richard P.Stoll, was a famously successfulbanker and business man.The guests were received by Mr.and Mrs. Chenault and the bride'sfirmly started her homeward. Allthis time the woman was profoundlyunaware of her predicament.Several other houses were visitedIn turn, where she was kindly senton her way back home. At one placethe somnambulist visited she rangthe door bell and when the householder appeared in response, sheasked for a cup of water. Becomingalarmed the man went to the telephone and summoned officers, explaining that there was a dementedwoman at the door. Sheriff Will G.McClintock responded and arrivingat the scene, recognized the "sleepwalker" anH, hurried her home. Bythis time her husband arrived andall was serene. When she wasawakened she was entirely ignorantElmore.WOOL WANTEDWill pay highest marketprice. Sacks furnished free.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.u.S. GOVEBNMENT ASKED TOLEND SCHOOL TOOLS.The Federal Government will beasked to loan its surplus toolsamounting to many millions of dollars in value, to technical schools allover the country.State Superintendent of Public Instruction Gilbert has written a letter to school people of the Stateurging them to get behind his meas-of all that had occurred, and but for are and wire representatives in Con-the fact that she was still draped in .-gress to vote for it.T&r husband's overcoat and' had the j Gilbert would include in the bill along flowing scarf wrapped around ' provision for a loan to the schools of"her bead and throat, she would have trucks used for transporting sol-beea. unable tovdispute the assertion diers, to be used by the schools forthat she had "been walking in her transporting children to the schoolslep." ' where there are consolidated schools,rSuppose you had the misfortune tolose a roll of money containing about$165 in Uncle Sam's good new currency? What would you do? Weepand mourn, or advertise your loss inTHE NEWS? The latter course wouldbe the sensible one, and the only one.It has so happened.Last week one of the most prominent young farmers in the countylost a roll of money somewhere inParis, containing about $165. It sohappened that the day on which themoney was lost was the publicationday of THE NEWS. A one-inch advertisement was inserted telling ofthe loss of the money and offering areward. The usual result happenedthe money was found the next dayby a man who said he read the advertisement in THE NEWS, and whorestored the kale to the rightfulowner. It pays to advertise in THENEWS!o"HOW TIME DOTH ELY, OH, SOSWIFTLY."While we poor mortals are struggling for an existence the relentlessflight of time goes on, passing theyears behind us, with all their goodand bad. Tempus is still fugitating,it seems. Now ten years ago thingswere happening here. Just a few fromtime's note-book:Dan Isgrigg, of Paris, and MissCora Weller were married in Cincinnati; While attempting to crossStoner Creek, near North Middletown, which was very high at thetime, Lewis Williams, of Winchester,was drowned; An L. & N. train ranover and killed Jesse Dickey, of Millersburg, who was asleep on thetrack in the Duncan avenue cut inthis city; During a storm BurrellRansom, colored, was struck bylightning o-n the farm of Mr. Chas.C. Clarke, near Paris, and instantlykilled; Mr. William Peed, father ofMr. Dan W. Peed, of Paris, died athis home in Owingsville; Dr. J. C.Clarke, Lan J. Fretwell and NewtonCurrent, Confederate veterans, attended the Confederate reunion atMemphis, Tenn.; Mr. and Mrs. Geo.Alexander and their daughters hadjust returned from a stay in the Bermudas; Mrs. Mollie Meng Harrison,of North Middletown, sailed for atour of the Old World; Among thosewho joined the "silent throng in thesilent land" were Will Connell, sonof Mr. and Mrs. Nicholas Connell,Chas. Owsley, Mrs. John H. Deaverand Mrs. John Hennessey.oMONEY RIGHT IN YOUR HANDFOR EGOS, POULTRYAND JUNK.Highest cash price for eggs.poultry, hides and junk.MUNICH & WIDES CO.,(11-tf) Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.oSTORM-BREEDING WEATHERThe high temperature of the pastfew days seem to be breeders ofstorms in this section, as in the pastweek there have been no less thanthree heavy storms. Farmers reportthat the damage done by the stormof Sunday was considerably heavierthan at first reported, and that manycrops have been almost washed up.Following the other two visitants,a storm of wind, rain, some hail, withelectricity and thunder accompaniments, passed over Paris and parts ofthe county late Tuesday afternoon.doing considerable damage. Thestorm was especially severe betweenPans and Lexington, and greatdamage was done to gardens, tobaccofields, corn, wheat and other growingproducts. Telephone and telegraDhcompanies suffered from the effectsof the storm, many of their poles andwites being blown down, and the service crippled for some length of time.Several head of stock were killed bylightning, according to reports coming to Paris by telephone.Fire, Wind and Lightninginsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanA CASE OF INGRATITUDE.A few days ago, just how manydoesn't materially matter, one of theprominent business men of Paris,who is very much interested in theprogress of a building he is erectingsome distance from Paris, concludedto spend the day on the job. He sentword to his son, who is also a verybusy young man, to have a nice lunchprepared and bring it out to him inthe family car. ,Son got busy and carried out father's directions to the letter. Placing the carefully-prepared basket inthe rear of the car he threw theclutch in high and was speedingalong the highway near Fifteenthstreet, when he was hailed by twoyoung boys, who asked for a liftalong the road, as they were goingin his direction. The young man,being of an accommodating disposition, complied with the request, andstowed them away in the rear seat.On sped the auto, until when withina few yards of the destiation, thedriver turned around to ask his passengers where they wanted to alight.But only empty space greeted himalso an empty basket. His visitorshad helped themselves and tumbledout of the car without even a wordof thanks. And father had to sendback to town to get his lunch again.He says he will take the goods withhim next time. The boys have notexpiessed their sentiments yet, but itis likely they were greatly pleased.oPANAMA HATSTHEParboken Oil Company expects to bring intheir No. 3 well today ortomorrow on its .Kincaidlease.Brought from South America andblocked into stylish shapes. Manynew styles here from ?6 to $10.(It) J. W. DAVIS & CO.oTHE BEST BUY!The best buy Greater KentuckyPeti oleum Company stock. See pagead in this issue. (it)NOTED ORATOR ADDRESSES COLORED SCHOOL GRADUATESThe Paris Grand Opera House wascomfortably filled Tuesday night witha crowd of patrons and friends of theWestern High School, the coloredauxiliary of the local educational system. The graduating class of '19was addressed by Roscoe ConklinSimmons, one of the foremost orators.of his race. His address was nro-nounced to have been one of the mosteloquent and forcible ever heard delivered here by a member of the colored race. A large section of thehouse was reserved for white people,who heard the speaker with everymanifestation of appreciation andapproval.oWOOL WANTED.We pay market price for yourwool. Sacks readv. We receivewool at both our North Middle-town and Paris warehouses.CLARKE & YOUNG.(apr22-tf)Hs. HMII89I This well will, in all proba- ability, be better than its No. 4 gwell, which came in better jI than 100 barrels. iajj . We have no flashy adver- ! 3t,: is'I tisements just a few cold jr ' QI facts. We endeavor to make 'I no statements except those I 1l that are absolutely true. : Ii Stock now selling at $1.00.? ; 1t . 5bs' teI. faThis well will, in all probability, be better than its No. 4well, which came in betterthan 100 barrels.We have no flashy advertisements just a few coldfacts. We endeavor to makeno statements except thosethat are absolutely true.Stock now selling at $1.00.ParboKcn Oil go.(Incorporated.)tPtmxmfmmmz- JjigiEa-irEr:.r;-g-:;l,.g r .A-flmmYOU CAN GETGreater KentuckyPetroleumy ,ATVPrice AdvancesMonday June 16th1 , MHMiLCmTUESDAY, JUNE 10, 1919. "THE BOTJMOH NEWS, PA1XS, KEITtFCCTFRIDAY, JTJNZ 13, lflfl:r-FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEWE KNOW.Let us make your gift suggestion.C30-tf) THE A. J. WINTERS CO.oTHE BEST BUY!.The best buy Greater KentuckyPetroleum Company stock. See pagead in this issue. (it)oPIANOFORTE BECEPA1A pianoforte recital will be givenin the Paris High. School auditoriumto-night (Friday) at eight o'clock,by "the pupils of Miss Alice N. Ford.An interesting program has been rehearsed. The public is cordially invited. oICE CREAM SUPPER.The members of the Sunday schoolof the Palmer School house vicinitywill give an ice cream supper in theschool building to-morrow, Saturday,June 14. A small admission chargeKill be made, the proceeds to be devoted to the benefit of the Sundayschool. A cordial invitation is extended to all to attend.KEEPING COOL.It can be done if you are dressedcomfortably in light weight underwear and a Palm Eeach suit of ouriind.(It) J. V.". DAVIS & CO.oTHE BEST BUY!The best buy Greater KentuckyPetroleum Company stock. See pagead in this issue. (It)oATTENDS ALinflTAE REUNIONDr. A. H. Keller returned Wednesday from Danville, where he attended the Centennial anniversary celebration of Centre College, and the reunion of the alumna e of the institution. Dr. Keller was a member ofthe class of '79, of fourteen members, seven of them being present,representing a variety of professions.The occasion was a very pleasant oneand was greatly enjoyed by all themembers.oAT THE PARIS GRAND AND THEALAMO THEATRE.To-day, Friday, June 13 PaulineFrederick, in "Paid In Full;" RuthRoland, in "The Tiger's Trial."To-morrow, Saturday, June 14Mae Marsh, in "Spotlight Sadie;"Fox Sunshine Comedy, "His MusicalSneeze."Monday, June 16 Margaret Clark,In "Gretna Green;" ParamountFlagg Comedy, "One Every Minute;"Burton Holmes Travalogue Pictures.Pictures.oSOMETHING NEW.Beautiful novelties for graduatinggifts.(30-tf) THE A. J. WINTERS CO.oHRELESS GAS RANGES.Iret us show you the five big pointsin the Chambers Fireless Gas Range.See window display.(30-8t) JOHN MBRRINGER.ou W THE SWIM, NOW!"With the advent of the real hotweather bathing parties to the various "beaches" around Paris are allthe go, and almost any night partiesith. their bathing togs under theirarms may be seen wending their waytoward the cooling waters. One ofthe favorite resorts -for the bathersis in the vicinity of the old Parisball park, where exceptional opportunities for indulging in the refreshing sport are afforded. Oher invitingplaces are "up Stoner," where theold swimming holes still hold outthe lure to those who enjoy thesport.oAPPOINTED CURATOR.For many years the late Mr. JohnT. Hinton was a member of theEoard of Curators of TransylvaniaCollege and the College of the Bible,at Lexington, holding that positionup to the time of his death last January. At a recent meeting of the Boardheld at the Transylvania College, itwas decided as a mark of respect tothe memory of the man who hadgiven distinguished service to the institution as a member of the Board,to elect his son, Mr. Wm. O. Hinton,of Paris, as his successor.This is an honor most worthily bestowed, and one that will redound tothe interest of the college.. oA MISTAKEN IMPRESSION REGARDING TRAIN SERVICE.Through misinformation THENEWS in the issue of Tuesday, announced that the Louisville & Nashville would resume the Sunday excursion, season on next Sunday, June15. We have been informed by therailroad authorities that this is amistake. The announcement was intended as an advance notice of resumption of the regular train, serviceon Sundays at the departure hoursannounced. The regular fare will odtaitf. It may be some time yet beforethe Sunday excursion trains arestarted. THE NEWS makes thisstatement in order to correct the impression that the publication gave.There will be no Sunday excursionVPtOn another page or tnis issuewill be found a large display adyerticomoTif o-i-tHTur -the time of arrivaland departure of this Sunday trainj4.SOCIAL A2W PERSONAL.ncomings and Goings of Ourreople Here, Hiere andElsewhere.Mrs. W. E. Knox, of Versailles,is a guest of relatives in Paris.Mr. John Koontz, Jr., is a guestof friends and relatives in Flemingcounty.Dr. M. H. Dailey left Wednesdayfor Louisville to remain several dayson a business mission.Miss Corilla Eberhardt, ofGeorgetown, is a guest of her aunt,Miss Tillie Larue, at Shawhan.Miss Adams, of Nicholasville, isa guest of Mr. and Mrs. Joe BSmith at their home in East ParisMrs. Boone Phillips and littledaughter, Cornelia, of Maysville, arevisiting Mrs. Lizzie Beasley, near thiscity.Mrs. Victor Whitridge has returned from a business and pleasuretrip to Cincinnati and other Ohiocities.Mrs. John Marders and MissNina Buchanan, of near Paris, areat Swango Springs for a stay of several weeks.Judge Chas. A. McMillan leftWednesday night for Estill county onlegal business connected with localoil interests.Mr. and Mrs. Eldred Dudley, ofCovington, are guests of Dr. and Mrs.Wm. K. Dudley, at their home nearClintonville.Mr. Brutus J. Clay, a prominentattorney of Atlanta, Ga.f is a guestof his father, Col. E. F. Clay, andfamily, near Paris.Mrs. Nita Hudson Jackson, ofCincinnati, is a guest at the home ofMrs. R. M. Harris and Miss AnnaHutchcraft, on High street.Mr. Alvin Thompson has returned from an extended visit to hisbrother, Mr. G. C. Thompson, andMrs. Thompson, at Allensville, Alabama. Mr. and Mrs. H. D.-Hay-nes anddaughter, Miss Eleanor Haynes, ofFern Bank, Ohio, are expected soonfor a visit to relatives and friendsin this city.Mr. Fredrick A. Wallis has returned to his home in New York after a visit at the home of Mr. andMrs. Thomas Henry Clay, Sr., onPleasant street.Judge John D. Carroll, of Frankfort, was in Paris yesterday, meetingthe people of Paris in the interest ofhis candidacy for Governor. He waschaperoned by County Clerk PearcePaton.Miss Ann Molloy, who has beena frequent visitor here, and who isvery popular, is expected to return toher home in Lexington this weekfrom Boston, Mass., where she hasbeen attending school.Miss RuthFeld, daughter of Mr.and Mrs. David Feld, of Paris, whohas been a guest of relatives in Winchester, accompanied them Wednesday on a motor trip to Chicago for avisit to relatives and friends.Miss Emma Louise Burley, whospent the winter with her grandfather, Mr. W. W. Burley, in Wyandotte, Mich., arrived Wednesday tospend her summer vacation with herparents, Mr. and Mrs. A. L. Burley.Mr. and Mrs. Chas. P. Mann hadas guests at their Pinecrest Apartments this week Mr. and Mrs. Robt.Henderson, of Richmond, Mrs. RayFowle, of Louisville, and Miss AlphaFowle, of Stanford.Mrs. Francis Jackson, of Sidell,111., is visiting Mrs. Bettie Jackson,in Winchester. Mrs. Jackson hadbeen called to Paris by the seriousillness of her mother, Mrs. LouMansfield, who is in the Massie Memorial Hospital.Mr. Monroe Sweeney, who hasbeen visiting his mother, Mrs. JohnS. Sweeney, on Higgins avenue, sincehis release from Uncle Sam's service,left Wednesday for Pittsburg, Pa.,where he has accepted a fine positionin a large mercantile concern.Miss Elizabeth. Simms, the youngdaughter of Mr. and Mrs. William E.Simms, entertained most beautifullyon Tuesday evening at Arcadia, theirhandsome and picturesque countryplace in Woodford county. Amongthe guests for the evening was MissLucy Simms, of Paris.Misses Nora, Sophia and WinnieHudson were hostesses at their homenear Shawhan with a lawn partyMonday -night. A large number ofguests from Paris, Carlisle, Cynthiana and Millersburg enjoyed theevening's diversions. Delightful refreshments were served.Mr. and Mrs. Eli Bean Evans, of"Mountain Grove," Missouri, visitedtheir aunt, Mrs. Lavinia Estill Chenault Cunningham, and Mrs. LauraEstill Francis, at the Judge Mannplace, in Paris, while attending theDr. Bailey revival. Mrs. Evans, neeMiss Emily Chenault, of Madisoncounty, Ky., was the great ganddaughter of the noted Baptist minister, David Chenault, of Kentucky.Miss Elizabeth. Crutcher gavethe pupils of her Sunday School classan enjoyable picnic Tuesday afternoon. The program embraced atrip in motor boats to "the ford" onStoner Creek, where the picnic washeld. All had an enjoyable time.On the return trip the young peoplewere caught in the heavy rain, buteven that could not keep them fromhaving a good time.The Cynthiana Democrat has thefollowing social notes of interest regarding people well-known in Paris,where all of them have family connections: "Mrs. Wallace Howe, ofMullens, W. Va., left Wednesday after about a week here with Mr. andMrs. Will Howk and Mr. and Mrs. S.A. Mackey. -She is delighted withher home in the mountains. The twoenns nf the late Dr. Harvey Keller, ofFrankfort, who have recently returned from France, are witu iue nuwcaat 'Mullens, having positions with acoal company, and Mrs. Howe willtake their mother and sster homewith, her also. . . .Mrs. Carl Wilmoth,of Paris, was a guest of friends herethis week. . . .Mrs. W. S. Ardery, ofnear Paris, who was operated on atthe new Harrison Hospital last weekfor chronic appendicitis and.it.D;nn ic irrmrnvinsr nicea com-plication, is improvingnicely andwill be able to return home in severalweeks." 'Miss Marcella Ryan is a guest offriends in Georgetown.Mr. and Mrs. Ernest Finney arevisiting the latter's parents, Mr. andMrs. John Anderson, in Shelbyville,Indiana.Mr. John Sauer and family willleave Sunday for an extended tripthrough the West. They will spendsome time in Missouri and otherparts of that section, and will go asfar toward the setting sun as California. Mr. Sauer orders THE NEWSsent to him for the period of time hewill be away, as he says he wants tokeep in touch with old - Bourbon1 county doings as far as possible.(Other Personals on Page 3.)oHANDING THE VTTROL TO P. M. G.BURLESON.The following from the StanfordInterior-Journal, no doubt will beheartily approved of by all the newspaper men of the State:"Burleson has issued orders returning the telegraph and telephonelines to their owners immediately,but stipulates that rates fixed byhim shall not -be reduced nor unionoperators discharged. What rightshe has in the premises to say whatshall and shall .not be done, does notappear. Western Union operators inmany of the States were ordered ona strike and the union heads say itwill be nation wide."In the seven months that the wirecompanies have been under controlof the government, they have cost thetax-payers a cool million of dollars,is the statement that comes fromWashington. As they were takenover after the armistice was signed,there appears no reasonable excusefor the performance, except that Mr.Burleson wanted to be clothed in authority that he might cut a few fantastic tricks. He did cut and thepublic has to pay the bill. It is nearlyalways as a noted millionaire oncesaid, 'the public be damned,' itseems."oTHE TIME DRAWS NIGH GET AJOHN DEERE BINDERIf you get the "best and strongestbinder made, buy a John Deere. Wesave you money on refrigerators,lawn mowers, paints and varnishes.The best lot of binder twine to behad is here. We will save youmoney.FARMERS' SUPPLY CO.BOURBON BOYS MAKING GOODTwo Paris boys who have madegood are among the list of twentysix members of the Senior Class whowill graduate in the College of Bnginnering at the University of Kentucky next week. Both have alreadyaccepted positions and will leave toassume their -new duties about July1. They are J. Stuart Wallingfordarid C. Landen Templin.Mr. Wallingford will go with theFour Wheel Drive Auto Company, atClintonville, Wisconsin. This company is one of the leading manufacturers of commercial motor trucks inthe country.Mr. Templin will go with theHersh & Bros. Company, of Philadelphia, Pa., as assistant consultingengineer as soon as he graduates.Both of thes boys have made highstanding in the four years collegiatework and during the war were members of the United States Naval Reserves. A HANDSOME -PRESENT.Barnett Winters is wearing, withquite justifiable pride, one of thehandsomest watches we have seen inmany moons. The timepiece, whichwas presented to him by the GruenCompany, is made of the finest materials, simple in design, yet artistic inevery line. The dial is made ofplatinized material, with the figuresin raised gold on the surface. Onthe back of the case appears liismonogram in green enamel. Thewatch, is a beautiful piece of workmanship, in every respect, and"Barney" is more than proud of it.A BEAUTIFUL STOCK.Our stock of graduating gifts iscomplete.(30-tf) THE A. J. WINTERS CO.oPYTHIAN DECORATION BAY.At a meeting of the members of A.J. Lovely Co., Uniform Rank, Knightsof Pythias, held Wednesday night,committees were appointed to takeup the matter of holding the annualPythian decoration day exercises.The committees are to make a reportat another meeting to be held in thenear future.oINSURANCE.Fire, Tornado, LightningAutomobile and Hail.YERKES & PEED.(janl4-tf)oATTENTION, PYTHIAN SISTERHOOD. The regular meeting of the Pythian Sisters will be held in their lodgeroom to-night, Friday, June 13, beginning promptly at eight o'clock.All members are urged to be thereon time, as there is some business ofimportance to be taken up.Warning to the Trareling Public!The bridge on the Paris and NorthMiddletowo. pike, located between thefarm of Mr. Tollie Young and theHarrods Creek pike, has been tornout, and will be replaced with a concrete structure.While this work is going on allmotor vehicles and heavily-loadedwagons traveling between Paris andNorth Middletown should, afterrains, take the Paris and Winchesterpike, and the Spears Mill pike.BEN P. BEDFORD, ,' County "Road Engineer.(13-2t) - - "1KS1XIEXTRA SPECIALSFOB THIS WEEKGraduation and ConfirmationDressesEXTRA SPECIALFor Thursday, Friday and Saturday25c TOWELS FOR 19For These Days OnlyLatest Creations in Ladies' DressesFor This Week OnlyHARRY SIMONJ5 .1 aTHE J.EITHERPHONE 36Motor HearseIX?HatsUp to $7.50 Values$398$2475224-22S West Main St., Lexington, Ky;Main Street, Paris, Ky.Beautify your Homewith ourNew, wlm it Jm?Qrtjm1- -rmJWF IwttFn f 4Take a look at your old papers on the Wall andthen come In and look at our new, up-to-date Wallpapers.You know not how many poisonous "germs"lurk hidden in the cracks of your rooms.Be sanitary and beautify your home for yourfamily's sake. And you may have visitors.Buy your Wall paper and things from us andknow it is right.T. HINTON CO.PARIS, KENTUCKYMotor Invalid Coachi ,M3KK;:-::-:4J"i-4StylishWallPapers.-IV.i; -hSIXTH AND MAWUndertakingNwMmi1 1. i -I 1service?rrn&ssixTHE BOUIBOH HEWS, PAIOS, KENTUCKYFEIDAY, JUNE IS, ISIS.?Ktfw1I J"I XOLD AGE STARTSWITH YOUR KIDNEYSScience s&ys that old age begins with-weakened kidneys and digestive organs.This being true, it is easy to believe"kat by keeping the kidneys and digestive organs cleansed and in properTorking order old age can be deferredLBd life prolonged far beyond that en5ye4. by the average person."For over 200 years GOLD MEDALHaarlem Oil has "been relieving theweaknesses and disability due to advancing years. It Is a standard oldtime home remedy and needs no introduction. GOLD MEDAL Haarlnm Oil isteclosed in odorless, tasteless capsules 4containing: about 5 drops eacn. Takethem as you would a pill, with a smalLiswallow of water. The oil stimulatesthe kidney action and enables theorgans to throw off the poisons whichcause premature old age. New life andstrength increase as you continue thetreatment. When completely restoredcontinue taking a capsule or two eachday. GOLD MEDAL Haarlem Oil Capsules will keep jou in health and vigorand prevent a. return of the disease.Do not wait until old age or diseasehave settled down for good. Go to yourdruggist and get a box of GOLDMTDDAL Haarlem Oil Capsules. Moneyrefunded If they do not help you. Threesizes. But lemember to ask for theoriginal imported GOLD MEDAL brand.In sealed package.vLmt'a?Jii2Jia?iSTATE MESS ASSOCIATION TOMEET IN LOUISVILLE.THE LONg BOAD.Charles Dickens has won a complete victory in his long struggleagainst Beadle Bumble. The BritishGovernment has become fair to the"wretched children into whom Dickens breathed the breath of life in hisetory of Oliver Twist. Hereafter noWealthy child over 3 is to be an inmate of a workhouse. All dependentchildren are to be placed in familiesor In cottage colonies, where the surroundings will give them a decentchance.If Dickens were alive to-day, Teformers all over the world would befjgOneBropBouraort Poultry Kcmeajrcottb a duties wnJpipe ITTPGA few drops in the VUiLlOdrinking water cures & QICJand prevents white xA"S.i JLUUrdiarrhoea, cholera and other chickdiseases. One 60c bottle makes 12gallons of medicine. Pint bottle,price $1.20, makes 32 callons. Atdruggists, or cent by mail postpaid.Bourbon Remedy Co., Lexington, Ky.inviting him to dine with, them andmake a speech. But the victory hasbeen won too late. He has been deadhalf a century. It is eighty-one yearssince hungry, abused little Oliver wasfirst summoned by his Creator to tellhis tragic story on the witness standin the interest of friendless and dependent little creatures like himself.The defense never produced so muchas a brief. Three generations inEngland and America have cried overtbe book. Yet the wrng it exposedhas endured antil -now.The real wonder is not that thejustice, wbich was the only possibleanswer to the story of the workhousechildren, bas been so tardy, but thatit came so soon. For the road whichleads to any worth-while reform isthe longest road in the world.Those who set their feet on it mustnot expect to reach the goal theyseek. Like the leader of the Exodusfrom Egypt, they must be content tolie in graves in the wilderness. Iftbe pioneers leave behind them agroup thrilled with the vision whichfirst called them to the journey, theywill have done their part.aUNITED STATES RAILROAD ADMINISTRATIONDirector General of RailroadsLOUISVILLE & NASHVILLE RAILROADCommencing June 15th, AdditionalSUNDAY TRAIN SERVICEWill Be Operated as Follows:KENTUCKY DIVISIONNorthbound5:00 am Leave Stanford Arrive . .6:38 am " Richmond " ...7:27am " Winchester " ...8:20 am " Paris " ..8:40 am Arrive Cynthiana Leave . .9:25am " Falmouth " ..10:50 am " Cincinnati " ...Southbound....12:45 am11:00 pm...10:15 pm... 9:30 pm. . . . 8:55 pm7:59 pm.... 6;50pmMAYSVILLE BRANCHSouthbound Northbound6:00 am Leave Maysville Arrive 11:25 pm8:00 am Arrive' Paris Leave 9:30 pmSunday train now leaving Paris for Maysville at12:55 pm will leave at 10:55 am:LEXINGTON BRANCHEastbound Westbound7:30 am Leave Lexington f Arrive . 10-15 pm8:10 am Arrive Paris Leave 9:30 pmSunday trains now leaving Paris for Lexington at6:15 pm and leaving Lexington for Paris at 12:10 pm willbe discontinued.The fiftieth annual midsummermeeting of the Kentucky Press Association -will be held in the SeelbachHotel at Louisville, Ky., June 26, 27and 28, and promises to be one ofthe best meetings in the history ofthe association.The business session will openJune 28 at 10 o'clock, and the address of -welcome 'will be delivered byJtichard M. Bean, active vice president of the Louisville NationalBanking Company. Lieut. Eobert J.McBryde, former president of theKentucky Press Association, -who recently returned from overseas, willdeliver an address in the morning,and in the afternoon CourtlandSmith, president of the AmericanPress Association, of New York City,will deliver an address on the, subject, "In Union There Is Strength."Following Mr. Smith there will be"shop talks" by the newspaper menpresent.Thursday evening the' KentuckyPress Association will meet with theKentucky Educational Association atthe First Christian church.Friday morning at 10 o'clock Mrs.Cora Wilson Stewart will deliver abrief talk on the work of the Kentucky Illiteracy Commission, followedby an address on "How Can the Pressof Kentucky Aid In Securing BetterHighways," by Rodman Wiley, ofFrankfort. Friday afternoon T. C.Underwood, editor of the KentuckyNew Era, Hopkinsville, Ky., will deliver an address on "Mars andMuses."Saturday the Rev. H. G. Turner, ofba-nville, will deliver an address on"How Can the Press Aid in theWork of Reconstruction?"ASSERTM5l ll )l I I HH II ngj"Isn't It a Pity She IsvStout, vShe Has vSucHa Pretty Face, Too?$The above is something you rarely hear said about thewoman who wears F. L. L. Model Garments Suits, Coats,Dresses and Skirts for she is the stout woman, who is notcontent with having a pretty face; she demands that her entireappearance be attractive.It Is True That Large Women Who WearF. L. L. Model Garments Are SeldomThought of as Being Stout Womenyou know in the sense we mean for there is an aristocraticcarriage about them, a poise, a grace and a distinction thatplace them on the same level of smart, good looks with theirslenderer sisters.It's almost amazing at times what wonders an F. L. LModel Garment performs for a stout or an unusual figure, suchas reducing its apparent size or hiding some discrepancy inits contour. ,F. L. L. Model Garments may be had in the fabric thatyou desire, in your preferred color, and at the following moderate prices:2,500 Garments to Select Frommm No Extreme Narrow Skirts with F. L. L. SuitsJSMrs. Guinn So Nervous Life Was Almost Unbearable TrutonaChanged Her.HHH E!mIiWfor its uniformly high grade lof flavor, its always steadyand fair price, and its econ-onyPostUMEREALfsgIf you want a satisfying beverage that will stop complaints about "poor coffee"or the "high price" o coffee,start using Postum and noteresults,7M " Usually sold at 15c and 25caram0msSsmmi&&reIsEfeEaamBEsmmLOUISVILLE, KY., June 12.Mrs. Lona Guinn, a well-known Louisville woman of 2514 Woodlawn avenue, has recently recovered from anillness of long duration through useof Trutona."I suffered from nervous indigestion, constipation and loss of appetite for a long time," she said. "Iwas so nervous at times that itwasdifficult lor me to tolerate the presence of my husband or others in thehouse; I couldn't sleep and wouldoften just wander around in thehouse at night; I never felt like doing even the simplest of my household duties."But I feel like a woman, madeover again, since taking two bottlesof Trutona. This splendid medicinehas accomplished the most wonderfulresults in my case, helping me inevery way. My husband thinks Trutona has performed miracles for me.1 think it is the most wonderful medicine in the world. I wouldn't bewithout a bottle of Trutona in the"house. It does everything that isclaimed for it, aiding weak, nervousand run-down women."Trutona is -now being introducedand explained in Paris at G. S. Varden & Son's. (adv)oSEAVY FREIGHT TRAFFIC.Freght traffic on the Louisville &Nashville through this city hasreached a point that may be termed"stupendous." Every day longtrains loaded with coal and otherproducts pass through .this city. Justa few days ago THE NEWS mansaw one train comprising ninety-onecars, heading north, firry cars of coaland a large number of oil tanks making up the train. Another train passing through Paris southbound, wasmade up entirely of oil tanks for theKentucky oil fields.- oTO PREVENT BELCHINGMake a regular habit of eatingslowly, masticate your food thoroughly, and you may have no furthertrouble. If you should, take one ofChamberlain's Tablets immediatelyafter supper.(june-adv)oDally Thought.Men are never very wise and select.in the exercise of a new power.William Ellery Channing.JillmmSIZES 15 TO 59 BUSTF. L. L. Model Suits . . .F. L. L. Model Coats, CapesF. L. L. Model Dresses . .F. L. L. Model Skirts . .F. L. L. Model Waists . .$25.00 to $77.50$16.50 to $85.00$15.00 to $65.00$5.00 to $22.50$4.98 to $27.50It will pay you to get on the train, come to Cincinnati and visit OHIO'S GREATESTSTORE for STOUT WOMEN AND WOMEN HARD-TO-FIT. You can also be fittedin Underwear, House Dresses, Bungalow Aprons, Petticoats, Hosiery, Sweaters, WashSkirts, Wash Dresses, etc., up to 59 Bust.w xrasfc.!-:-'-'WindHoAr?JrKHjigi3&S5... -ritrrvsl-FRANK L. LIPPARD, President12th AND MAIN v - - CINCINNATI, OHIOONE BLOCK NORTH OF THE NEW COURT HOUSE ON MAIN STREET31J' ir irn nrs i. 14111. .-iSolThe suicide rate of Germany wasbefore the war the highest in theworld twenty-one in 100,000yearly.INTERUHBAN SCHEDULECARS LEAVEXexineton ForParisA. M. 6.0 OxA. M. 7:20A. M. 8:50A. M. 10:2011.50A. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.1:202:504:206:007:209:1011:00(x) DailyParis EorLexingtonM. 6:457:15x8:159:45A. M. 11:15P. M. 12:45P. M. 2:15A.A. M.A. M.A. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.3:455:156:508:15P. M. 10:05except Sunday.. ."MEverywhere at GrocersH VfcWfefei!aEafe&!BE3EgEa3E!lgaS5a'ESgffiSm----- B;CWfeIFyou cannot distinctly read withoutstrained or tired eyes, the sight isfailing, or defective, and should haveattention.Cover the left eye and see if thelines in all sections of the abovecircle appear equally dark and distinct.' If not, you have Astigmatisma visual rereflect which should becorrected at once. Try the right eyein the same manner.Have your eye examined here.DE. 0. L. FRYE,Eyesight Specialist,-(21martf-F) parl Ky.KENTUCKY TEACTIO! MTD TEEMffAL COMPANYAetna-AutoCombination PoliciesS Protect AgainstFireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityAnd Other -CasualtiesBINDERTWINEsi sf Z J 'y i- -TheBestin theWorldi -C. S. BALLJ-if j&. AGENT, -' JVr 2"jr. " rFRIDAY, JUNE 13, 19X9.THE BOUEBON NEWS, PARK, KBHTUCTTPAR&i1: : :33urtonJs1 Confectionery $toreSuccessor to Adami & Santi.AGENT EOE M. IBOLDMANUEL, COUNSELOR,AND SONADA CIGARSAdami's Famous Recipe formaking delicious Ice Cream,Soda Water and MixedDrinks still used.Bulk Ice Cream(Made from Pure Cream)delivered for home use.Fancy Ices for PartiesHIGH CLASS BOXCANDIES.For the BEST, S Us,FRANK BURTONXMacs.'jssy!gffM5Wilmoth'sFreshHomelBaked Breads,Cakes, Pies, Etc.DailyFreshMeats,Roasts,Steaks,Chops, Fancy Goods.FamousCoffees and TeasWILMOTHGrocery Go.Phone 376HOMEKILLEDMEATSHOW MRS, B9YBAVOIDED ANOPERATIONCanton, Ohio. "I suffered from afemale trouble which caused me muchsuffering, and twodoctors decidedthat I would haveto go through anoperation before Icould get well."My mother, whohad been helped byLydiaE. PinkhanvsVegetable Compound, advised metolry it bef ore submitting to an operation. Itrelievedmefrom mw frAnhlo.so I can do my'house work without anydifficulty. I advise any woman who isafflicted with female troubles to giveLydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound a trial and it will do as much forthem. 'f -Mrs. Marie Boyd, 1421 5thSt, N. R, Canton, Ohio.m Sometimes there are serious conditions where a hospital operation io-theonly alternative, but on the other handso many women have been cured by thisfamous rootand herb remedy, Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, afterdoctors have said that an operation wasnecessary every woman who wantsto avoid an operation should give it afair trial before submitting to such atrying ordeal. "If complications exist, write to LydiaE. Pinkham Medicine Co., Lynn, Mass.,for advice. The result of many yearsexperience is at your service.MEETINGS ARE POPULAR.Farmer's Community Meetings areevidently quite popular this summer.Reports reaching the State Development Committee at the Board ofTrade Building, Louisville, Ky., showthat about 20 counties have organized and are ready to have the datesset for their meetings.The plans of this committee callfor meetings in, the southern part ofthe State on the main branch of theL. & N. early in July. The meetings which follow will be scatteredalong.the L. &N. northward and willlater in the season swing into theeastern end of the State. The Purchase and the Penerile will be takencare of sometime after the first ofAugust, as these meetings will becontinued into September. ""Make Use of OurTraction ExpressKy .Traction & TerminalCo.BRIGHTER-J5VENINOSlfc " -SAtdZ'WiVealPorkBeefLambIt's the BestTo Be HadMflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.useSieotn'ciiyfor UMmIt's the only satisfactory way.use SetsTor Reating and CookingIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix You UpFor the Use of BothElectricity and Gas.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(IncorDorated)A SAFE INVESTMENT TO YIELD 6,607GENERAL MOTORS CORPORATIONG CUMULATIVE DEBENTURE STOCKPar Value if Shares, $100 Callable at $115 per Share and Accrue! Dividendi DIVIDENDS QUAftTERL"EFEBRUARY, MAY, AUGUST AND NOVEMBERThe principal products of the General Motors Corporation are:"AUTOMOBILES Cadillac, Buick, Chevrolet,Oakland, Oldemobile, Scripp-Booth.TRUCKS AND TRACTORS G. M. C, Chevrolet, Oldsmoblle, Samson.Earnings after tares for the past nve years have averaged eachyear six times dividend requirements on entire amount of Debenture and Preferred Stock outstanding.Orders may be telephoned our expense. ;. .Special circular on request .PRICE $90 PER SHAREJames C. Willson & Company210 S. Fifth Strt. LOUISVILLE, KY.,ELKS BACK CAMPAIGN OF SAL-'(ViATlON ARJYLY.The Kentucky Elks, the "Best People On Earth," as the B. P. O. E. isgenerally interpreted, will back withall their usual energy and vigor thecampaign to raise in Kentucky theState's quota for the Home Servicework of the Salvation Army. Thiswork in Kentucky will include"boozeless" saloons in the cities nowwet, where there is any demand forthem, extention of the work of theArmy among the poor and th.e down-and-out,a permanent building forthe Army in, Lexington, which willhe purchased if proper location canbe found, and the regular work ofthe Army.Warm endorsement of the HomeService campaign in Kentucky isgiven in a telegram sent out by Secretary Fred O. Neutzel, of the Kentucky 'Elk's Association. The campaign in Kentucky, which was delayed because of inability to getinto the State at the time of theNational Campaign, May 12 to 26,will begin June 23 and end June 30.In his telegram to the Secretariesof the local Elks' lodges, SecretaryNeutzel says:"To All' Secretaries of Kentucky ElkLodges:"Elks made possible wonderfuloverseas work of Salvation Army.Army now attempting to put themselves on business-like basis by National Campaign. Elks have alreadyraised quotas in California, Nevada,Ohio and other States. Let us showthe public Kentucky Elks are readyto help make the campaign a success.Letter from Mr. Sob el, KentuckyCampaign Director follows."FRED O. NEUTZEL,"Sect. Ky. Elks' Association."oPARIS TESTIMONY; J ! - ;Home Proof, Here, There and Everywhere.When you see Doan's Kidney Pillsrecommended in this paper you mostalways find the recommender a Parisresident. It's the same everywhere .in 3,800 towns in the U. S. Fiftythousand people publicly thank Doan's. What other kidney remedy cangive this proof of merit, honesty andtruth ? Home testimony must be trueor it could not be published here.Read this Paris recommendation.Then insist on having Doan's. Youwill know what you are getting:Phillip M. Heller, proprietor meatmarket, 722 Main Street, says: "Ihave used Doan's Kidney Pills a fewtimes in the past and have beengreatly benefited by them. At timesmy back, was wak, and lame and thekidney secretions passed too frequently, making me. get up often atnight. I have .used, a box of Doan'sKidney Pills at those times and theyhave always rie me of the complaint.I think they are a splendid medicineand gladly recommend them."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Heller had. 'Foster-Milburn Co.,Mfrs., Buffalo, N. T. (adv)oPack Trunk Tight.The secret of successful packing ofa trunk Is tight packing. The inexperienced fear of crushing -gives articles room to slide and slip.LAME BACK RELIEVED.For a lame back apply Chamberlain's Liniment twice a day and massage the muscles of the back over theseat of pain thoroughly at each application. (june-adv)A Special ShowingofNew VoilesandOrgandiesFor the Summer TradeALL THE NEWESTSHADES ANDJPATTERNSiat50cthe yard.TWIN BROS.Department Store7th and Main Paris, Ky.Eye Examination!We use in our examination of theeyes the OPTHALMOMETER, theOPTHALMOSCOPE, RETINOSCOPEand many other instruments combined with the trial case. We alsomake trans-illuminary and bloodpressure tests.We specialize in theFITTING OF KRYPTOKS,The invisible bifocal lenses.Charges moderate to all.Dr. Wm. Riley FranklinSuite 203-204 First National' BanlTBoth Phones, Paris;, Ky.mxt!' t . er.- &-ONE out ofAMW&X147 does it!There are actually, over 147 brands of cigarettes sold in this country. But, not one ofthem does what Chesterfields do, for Chesterfields do more than please the taste theytouch the smoke-spot they let you know youare smoking and they satisfy!If s all in the blend a blend of fine selectedTURKISH and DOMESTIC tobaccos just theright kind and the right quantity of each.There never was a cigarette that grew fasterin popular favor because no cigarette ever gavesuch value.Prove it ! Smoke a Chesterfield fresh fromthe moisture-proof package..4iCPXffjfi:CtsJtA4siSxccCorCIGARETTES'of Turkish and Domestic tobaccos -blendedM:mw This hthe packagefe&V' mWjr with the moisture-proof' mr jacket that keeps Chester- ImWfMMz fieId's original' freshness . ."MteSflfii and flavor mtecf. Ji HIGGLES jIII . ; . l&Bank Row, Paris, ky. aHIV-i1 irit "iV,nhiflII ,hiMi 'v- -x- .. ... ....A ..PAGE EIGHTFRIDAY, JUNE 13, 191S.THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMOADMISSIONAdults Ticket 1 c; War Tax 2c-20cChildren and Gallery. .Ticket 9c; War Tax 1 c-10cTO-DAY, FRIDAYTO-MORROW, SATURDAYMONDAY, JUNE 16thiIPauline FrederickMae MarshmTHE BOUBBON NEWS, &LRIS, SEHTtfCKf ,ININ1ti1"PAID IN FULL"Not many women could stand the test of character portrayed byPauline Frederick in this picture a test in which, against the richesttemptation, a woman' is true to a husband who has treated her badly.Ruth Roland "The Tiger's TrailCowboys, bandits, adventure, treachery, heroism, thrills!MILLERSBURGFresh candies at Caldwell's.Mr. "W. M. Layon continuesshout the same.Mrs. C. B. Smith is under treatment at St. Jo3eph's Hospital, Lexington. Mr. C. W. Corrington. was inCincinnati yesterday and to-day on& business mission.Mrs. Millen and children, of Cincinnati, are guests of her mother,Mrs. Sarah Thorn.Miss Mary Louise Bruce leftMonday for a visit to her friend, MissCarpenter, of Cincinnati.Mrs. Martha Vimont left Sundayfor a week's visit to her daughter,Mrs. W. A. Munsing, at Maysville.Miss-Aleta Wilson has returnedafter a several days' visit to her uncle, Mr. Albert Wilson, at Versailles.Mr. and Mrs. A. M. Vaught, ofIndianapolis, Ind., are guests of theMatter's parents, Mr. and Mrs. T. D.Judy.-See the line of Serv-Us goods atC Tdwell's.Mr. Clarence Ball and family,o! Louisville, are guests of his parents, Squire and Mrs. A. C. Ball, inthis city.Mr. and Mrs. M. E. Pruitt spentWednesday and Thursday at theFuneral Directors' Convention, atLouisville.Miss Elizabeth Miller, of Atlanta, Ga., who is visiting friends andrelatives here, is spending a week"with Miss Aleta Wilson.Mrs. Neppie D. Rigdon returnedyesterday from Lexington, where shelias been for several weeks undertreatment by Dr. McClymonds. Sheis very much improved in health.Mrs. Gr. W. Johnson underwentan operation for kidney stones at St.Joseph's Hospital, Lexington, Wednesday morning, Dr. Woolfork Bartow doing the work. She is doing aswell as could be expected.Call and inspect our line ofshoes. In so doing you will buy.They cannot be equaled in price orquality. It. M. CALDWELL.The following from here attended the funeral and. burial of Mr.Srack Crouch, in Carlisle, Wednesday: Mr. W. C. Crouch and family,Mr. E. T. Sheeler and family, Mr. H.A. Sheeler, Mrs. Bruce McMahan.Mr. Wallace Shannon returnedyesterday from Memphis, Tennessee,bringing with him his automobile,which was stolen in Louisville,and finally located in Memphis. Themachine had been abandoned there,with no trace of the theif, who haddisappeared.Tiiret will be an importantnneetigit the promotors of the MillersburgChuutauqua at 7:30 o'clockto-night (Friday) in the office of theMillersburg Coal & Lumber Co. Allthe promotors are urged to be present. W. D.McINTYRE, President.A protracted meeting began atthe B&ntist-church Monday evening.It is heing conducted by Rev. Boozer,o Alabama He is preaching good' sermons. Considerable interest ismanifested and good audiences arepresent -each evening, notwithstanding the hot weather. Services at8:00 p? m. each evening during the-week, supplemented by a short prayer service at 7:30. Services on Sunday at 10:30 a. m. and 8:00 p. m.The funeral of Mr. Earl Hill,-who died at Boswell, New Mexico, onthe evening of June 5, was held Tuesday, at 3:00 p. m., at the home of hisaunt, Mrs. Marguerite Powell, con" ducted by Rev. A. S. Venable, ofSayre College, Lexington, and Dr. C.C. Fisher, of the M. C. The musicwas furnished a quartette composed" tf Mesdames W. G. Dailey and W. W.Morton, and Messrs. H. S. Roche1. and Dr. F. A. Herbert. The floraltributes were beautiful and numerous. A large number of sorrowingLds and relatives were presentall the surrounding towns. Aof the life of this young manublished in the last tissue ofNEWS.Mr. Herbert Maddox, agedy-one, died Tuesday at 12:00 a.t Massie Memorial Hospital,, after a lingering illness of abon the lungs. He had been inInig health for almost a year. Onmtmas night he took to his bed,lihas not been out of the houseIn March he was taken to theit Memorial Hospital, where hefeince undergone three opera-However, he continued toworse until the end. Mr. Mad-a son of Mr. and Mrs. Alonzoox, and was born in Bourbon:y. The greater part of his lifein spent as a farmer, however,years prior to 'his illness, he:upation of a carpen-irvived by a wife, twoents, several brothers and sisters.The remains were laid to rest in. theMillersburg Cemetery Thursday atthree p. m., after a short service atthe grave.oRELIGIOUS.ijpop.o g iv uooujajjij .topuoK88UI IILM. UDJUUD TIBJJGqsajJ Gift JOAapos ajbuoissiivi saipuq; oqj,While the Christian Church isundergoing repairs and redecoratingand having a new system of lightinginstalled, the regular morning andevening services will be held at theOpera House, as will also SundaySchool. Sunday School will be heldat the usual time, 9:30. Morningservice at 10:45 and evening serviceat 10:45. Rev. W. E. Ellis' subjectSunday morning will be 'WhatPlace Are You Filling?" and histopic Sunday evening will be, "TheFlower, The Fruit and The Ashes ofSin." Everybody is most cordially invited to attend. You will in all probability be more comfortable therethan at home, as the house will bewell ventilated and the fans keptgoing. You will be expected. Willyou be there?oIn Covingtdn, to the wife of Mr.Harry Waller, a son, christenedClifford Graves Waller. The motherwas formerly Miss Ira Oder, of nearRuddels Mills.VELVET, THE ERIENDLY TOBACCO HOME AGAIN.Velvet Tobacco, in its jolly red tin,is again a feature of cigar stores, bigand little. There is again Velvet inthe pipes, and contentment in thehearts of an army of American pipesmokers. And thereby hangs a tale."Where's Velvet Tobacco gone?"those same folks inquired, when disappointed in their quest for that agemellowed, friendly tobacco, whichhad made them and their pipes sidepartners for years.Where was Velvet? Ask the RedCross man or the "Y" man. Ask theSalvation Army lassies. Ask the hurried and harrassed QuartermasterCorps that were responsible for"more beef, more bullets and moretobacco" for the boys under the tinderbies. Yes, that's why Velvet wasnot on some of the dealers' shelves.It was on the ships, in the cantonments, in the billets and the trenches. But Velvet is now wearing thered chevron of an honorable discharge. The doughboy who smoked the"tinned Kentucky sunshine" inFrance, can now enjoy its friendlycompany on his own front porch.Those of us who willingly gave upluxuries that the boys over theremight have them, can stuff our oldpipes once more with Velvet and"smile, smile, smile."And good old Velvet Joe! Well,he's back in the columns of this paper and glad to see you ail again.: oMAYOR JANUARY WHITES IN MASONIC HOME JOURNAL.In the last issue of the MasonicHome Journal, published at Louisville, Mayor E. B. January, of Paris,one of the most enthusiastic andhard-working lodge men in the State,writes as follows:"Paris, Ky."W. H. McDonald: ."Dear Sir and Brother: I wantto congratulate you on the editorialof May 1st, 'America's Greatness,'and the improvement in the Journalunder your management. If the secular journal of the day would writeand practice such as you wrote, thiswould be a better world to live in,instead of so much jealousy and dirtypolitics. To-day it looks like theyare forgotten by the brotherhood ofman. Find enclosed my check for ?Jfor the Widows' and Orphans' Home,one of the greatest institutions in theState. Paris Lodge No. 2 is havinga large amount of work at present.I hope the Journal will continue toimprove and flourish for many yearsdoing good. I remain yours fraternally, "E. B. JANUARY."" " FWi Value.By treating fiah oil with hydrogeia chemist has produced an oil suitable for food purposes and a solidsubstance closely resembling lard,which is tasteless.BIRTHS.66Spotlight Sadie"Powder vand paint, silk stockings and lace!A daughter of Erin hits the high spots on the Great White Way.Also Fox Sunshine Comedy"HIS MUSICAL SNEEZE"DEATHS.DETWILLER.Following a comparatively shortillness of uraemic poisoning. Mr. A.Detwiller, aged about sixty-six, oneof the best-known residents of NorthMiddletown, died at his home in thatcity Wednesday afternoon at twoo'clock. Previous to his last illnessMr. Detwiller had been in activehealth and had been able to attend tohis business. He had been a residentof North Middletown for the largerpart of his life, and by economy, industry and thrift had built up a business of large proportions.Mr. Detwiller in the course of hisbusiness experience became knownto all the people of his vicinity as amodel of mental industry and wasstrictly honest in the service he rendered. He commanded the respect ofall classes and sects of people, aswas attested by the large attendanceat his funeral held yesterday afternoon. He was an honorable gentleman in the highest sense that theterm implies. It was perfectly natural for him to do right. To man,woman or child, saint or sinner, healways extended a cordial greetingthat lent a ray of light to brightentheir pathway in the journey of life.He was a devoted husband and akind and indulgent father, and to allhis friends he was the soul of friendship. But the greatest of all he wasa man. And as a man it is that thosesvjio knew him best most love to contemplate him.Besides his widow, Mr. Detwiller issurvived by three daughters, Mrs.Roy Domigan, of Clark county; MissDaisy Detwiller, a member of theParis High School faculty, and MissJosephine Detwiller, a teacher inthe schools of the county, and oneson, Mr. Allie Detwiller, who haslately returned from the army service. Mr. Detwiller was one of the mostprominent members of the Masonicfraternity in the county, and stoodhigh in the councils of that order.He was a member of the Couer deLion Commandery No. 26, KnightsTemplar, of this city, and was alwaysdevoted to the best interests of theorder.The funeral was held yesterdav afternoon at four o'clock, with services lat the grave in the North Middletown Cemetery, conducted by themembers of Couer de Lion Commandery, Knights Templar, of Paris. Theactive pall-bearers were: S. E. Anderson, E. K. Thomas, H. C. Smith,M. H. H. Davis, Joe H. Ewalt. SamK. Veatch; Honorary pall-bearers:May (rolf, W. T. Buckner. Jno. T. Collins, E. M. Costello, Wm. Rogers, J.C. Berry.ASHCRAFT.Mr. Oscar C. Ashcraft. ae-eritwenty-eight, a former member of theDr. Barrow Base Hospital Unit No.40, which, saw larere service in Fntr-land during the world war. died atthe Massie Memorial Hospital, intnis city, at 2:30 o'clock, Wednesdayafternoon, of double pneumonia, following an illness of two weeks.Young Ashcraft was a son nfLuther and Sallie Hornback Ashcraft, of this city. He accompaniedthe Barrow Unit on its trin to En?-land, and was mustered out of theservice on April 19. On his arrivalhome he became very ill with tonsilitis. It was thought that his constitution had become undermined bythe foggy clmate of England, andthat the seeds of disease thus sownresulted later in tonsilitis, and thenpneumonia. Drs. David and Wool-,folk Barrow were consulting physicians at his bedside, and everythingthat medical science could do wasdone to save the young man's life,but to no avail.He is survived by his mother, Mrs.Sallie Hornback Ashcraft; two brothers, Joseph and A. D. Ashcraft; threesisters, Mrs. L. H. Insko, of Jefferson county, Mrs. James H. Cheppelland Mrs. David Crombie, both ofShelby county. His father, Mr.Luther C. Ashcraft, died at his homein this city on March 7.The funeral will be held from thefamily residence this afternoon at2:30 o'clock, with services conductedby Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of theParis Christian church. The burialwill follow in the Paris Cemetery.BYRD.Mr. J. T. Byrd, aged sixty-nine,died at one o'clock Tuesday morningat the Massie Memorial Hospital, inrheumatism. He was a watchmakerand clock repairer by occupation, andwas well-known to many of the olderresidents of the city and county.His ,-wife, who was Miss Fizer, pf Mjt.Sterling, died some years ago. Heis survived by one daughter, Mrs. J.E. Barnett. of Cincinnati.pital to the undertaking establishment of George W. Davis, where services were conducted in the chapel atone o'clock Wednesday afternoon, byParis Methodist church. The bodywas taken to Mt. Sterling, where itwas interred in Machpelah Cemeteryat three o'clock with services conducted at the grave by the Rev. J.W. Southgate, of Mt. Sterling.SWIFT.Mrs. Anna L. Swift died at thehome of her daughter, Mrs. DabneyN. Parrish, 206 East Maxwell street,in Lexington, Tuesday night at 10:30o'clock, following an illness of morethan two years. She is survived byher daughter, Mrs. Parrish, and twosons, Charles Swift, of Clark county,and Spahr Swift, of Lexington.The funeral services were held atthe residence yesterday afternoon at4 o'clock, Rev. R. T. Gillispie, assisted by Rev. William Cumming, ofWinchester, officiating. The burialtook place in the family lot in theLexington Cemetery. The pall-bearerswere, A. R. Sphar, E. B. Dooley,T G. Sudduth and L. S. Baldwin, ofWinchester; E. S. Bean, of Lexington, and George W. Clay, of Paris.SHOUT.Carl Shout, aged two years, sonof Mr. and Mrs. Samuel H. Shout,formerly of Paris, died at the familyresidence, No. 115 Alabama avenue,in Lexington, Wednesday morning.He is survived by his father andmother, and two sisters, Viola andKatherine. Funeral services wereheld at the residence at four o'clockWednesday afternoon, Rev. J. M.Walker officiating. Burial on thefamily lot, in the Lexington Cemetery.SUMMER FOOTWEARPumps, Oxfords and ColonialsrWHITE FOOTWEAROF EVERY DESCRIPTIONAT SPECIAL LOW PRICESBuying in big Quantities for our chain of stores, vastoutlets and unlimited capital, explains the possibilities ofthese unheard-of values.Savings Worthy of Your Immediate AttentionLadies' White Sea Island CanvasPumps atLadies' Dark Tan English Oxfords atLadies7 Dull Kid Pumps andOxfords atLadies' Patent Kid PumpsMisses' and Chilldren's Shoes, Slippers and BarefootSandals at Lowest PricesParis' Greatest Shoe StoreMargueriteClarkV IN"Gretna Green"Bich man, poor man all went to Gretna Green to get married.That's where Marguerite Clark goes to get married in this wonderfulromantic story.But around that same retreat for lovers Marguerite Clark found aheart-ache, a near-tragedy and Come and see !Paramount-Flagg Comedy, "One Every Minute"and Burton Holmes Travel PictureSALVATION ARMY'S WORK FOROUR SOLDIERS IN ERANCESecretary of War Baker, in a telegram to Evangeline Booth, Commander of the Salvation Army in theUnited States, gives utterance to hisappreciation of the work which theSalvation Army accomplished for theAmerican soldiers in France. Secretary Baker, one of the speakers atthe mass meeting in Madison SquareGarden, at which the Salvation Armyopened its $13,000,000 Home ServiceFund, campaign, referred to "thesplendid spirit of helpfulness" whichactuated Salvation Army overseasworkers and speaks glowingly of theaffectionate and enthusiastic way inwhich the soldiers received the ministration of the Salvationists. Hisapproval follows:"I will avail myself of every opportunity to testify in the most publicand helpful way to the splendid workthe Salvation Army did with theAmerican Expeditionary Force inBlue Grass Oil ExchangeIncorporatedKentucky Oil Securities Bought, Soldand Traded.Let us have your buying and selling orders. Open CallSession and Auction every Saturday at 8:00 p. m.41 S MAIN STREETCumb. Phone 3X3 Paris, KentuckyAlways theGreatest ShoeMarket$1.99$3.49$2.99Men's White Canvas Oxfords, do aWalk-Overs, at p3.fKJMen's Dark Tan English Oxfords, rrbench made, at pO J)Men's Gun Metal English Oxfords, fco CAWalk-Over, at t pD.OUQgMen's and Boys'Oxfords atWALK-OVEROxfords and Pumpsof All DescriptionsAt Lowest Prices !DAN COHENWhere Beauty and Economy ReignSalvation Army were admirably selected; their service was one of greatdevotion; its spirit was always on thebroadest humanitarian basis and thework of the army was affectionatelyand enthusiastically received by thesoldiers, so that the whole relationship between the Salvation Army andthe American Expeditionary Forcewas characterized by a splendidspirit of helpfulness out of which anincalculable amount of relief, comfort, sympathy and happiness wasderived by our soldiers. The Salvation Army is entitled to have it3friends know both the devotion ithas shown and the success withwhich its ministry has been attended." The people of Kentucky outside ofLouisville and Jefferson county, whoalready have given liberally in asuccessful campaign, will have theopportunity to aid in this noble workthe week of June 23 to 30. An organization is now being effected andmany of the counties already are actively at work.BMiaMwnwnMMaMMMBHwa,.Black Shoes and.-.$1.99&zkLd one daughter, his par-The body was taken from the Hos-Mj-Vvs y -r4.