X ' ..v fc-r -THENEWSfW"Tfja jCSij.i- .V"5PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, AUGUST 29, 1919iBOURBON11wmATTENTION, SOLDIERS AND SAILORS OP BOURBON."With a view to establishing a postof toe American Legion, in Bourboncounty, a mass meeting has been called to be held in the court house inthis city, to-morrow (Saturday) afternoon, at three o'clock, to formulate plans for merging the variousprecincts of the county into one postand t0 aply for a charter-Capt. William Collins, of Northjtfiddletown, who has been named astemporary chairman, has recentlybeen in Louisville, where he conferred with the committee having incharge the details of holding theState convention. All soldiers, sailors and marines who were in thegen-ice at any time from April 6,2917, to November 11, 1918, the dayof signing of the armistice, are eligible for membership, and all such areurged to be present at the Saturdayafternoon meeting, to aid in givingthe movement a good -start in thiscounty. A number of visitors fromother cities who are interested in1 success of the movement are expected to be present at this meeting.A few days ago notice was giventhrough the papers that a post of theAmerican Legion was "to be organized in Bourbon County. The Legionis a national organization of soldiers,sailors and marines who were in theservice at any time from April, 1917,to November, 1918, and all such menare eligible. The purposes of the organization are set forth in the preamble to the constitution, which is asfollows:"To uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States ofAmerica; to maintain law and order;to foster and perpetuate a one hun-der per cent. Americanism; to pre-'serve the memories and incidents ofour association in the Great War; toinculcate a sense of individual obligation to the community, State andNation; to cotnbat the autocracy of"both classes and the masses; to makeright the piaster of might; to promote peace and good will on earth;to safeguard and transmit to posterity the principles of justice, freedom and democracy; to consecrateand sanctify our comradeship by ourdevotion to mutual helpfulness."The Legion knows no rank. Menwho were officers and those that weren tTiA ranks are on the same basisi m-nA nno rf tTiA nhip.nts of the orea-SHU wv V. - vv,jw w) nidation is to eliminate as soon aspossible all ideas of rank to unite allservice men under a true spirit ofAmericanism.A number of jmen in the countyhave already joined the Legion andthey are at work toward getting acharter for a post to include all ofthe county. Some committees in thecounty are already organized and arein position to apply immediately fora charter, but if the service men mthe county will unite as a whole itis deemed advisable to form onecounty post instead of several smallerones. With this idea in view it isplanned to hold a meeting Saturday,August 30, at 3 p. m., at the courthouse. All white wen who were many branch of the service before November 11 are urged to be present atthis meeting and to lend their assistance and advice in perfecting plansfor such an organization. A Stateconvention for the American Legionof Kentucky is to be held in Louisville, October 3, and it is importantthat local posts be started right awayso that they may be representedthere.Capt. William Collins, of Bourbon,who has been named by the StateExecutive Committee -as temporaryCounty Chairman, has recently beenin Louisville in conference with thiscompiittee and is in position to givesome information as to what hasbeen done and as to plans for theorganization. He urges all servicemen to be present Saturday and todecide then for themselves whot todo about the movement in thiscounty. An effort will also be madeto have present at the meeting inParis, Saturday, some visitors fromother parts of the State who are mtouch with the work.RU3IN & CHERRY CARNIVAL CO.HERE SEPT. 8.Arrangements have been concluded by members of the Paris FireDepartment for the engagement herefor the week of Sept. 8-13, of the famous Rubin & Cherry Carnival Co.The Company travels in a specialtrain of twenty cars. It is by farone of the largest and best companiesof the kind on the road. It has beensaid that there is so much to be seenthat it can not be told on paper.The Company will pitch its tentson the Wilson lot, in the viciniity of the Louisville & Nashville passenger station, and will give the people of Paris a whole week of entertainment. oBOARD LETS CONTRACTAt a meeting of the Board of Directors of the new Independent Tobacco Warehouse Company of Paris,the contract for erection of theirloose leaf sales warehouse No. 3, waslet to the Bourbon Lumber Co., ofParis. The contract for the roofing,guttering, siding and skylights wasawarded to January & Connell, ofParis. " t. .SPEAKING IN INTEREST -OPILLITERACY CAMPAIGN.In compliance with a plan of theState committee in charge of theIlliteracy campaign, the following ispeakers in Bourbon county address-jed audiences Wednesdav nferhtCounty Attorney D. D. Cline, at Ruddles Mills; Judge George Batterton,at Hutchison; John W. Jones, atNorth Middletown; Judge" Charles A.McMillan, at Little Rock; JudgeDenis Dundon, at Centerville; WadeH. Whitley, at Clintonville; John J.Williams, at Millersburg.Meetings were held at the courthouse in this city last night by thecolored people of the city, who wereaddressed by Prof. C. A. Guthrie, aprominent colored educator of Owensboro, and at Amentsville, near thecity, by Prof. Charles Bland. 'Tonight meetings will be held for thecolored people of the county, withthe following speakers: RuddlesMills, Annie Miller; Sidville, Margaret Hughes; Centerville, CharlesBland; North Middletown, J. W.Muir; Currentsville (to be supplied) Brehtsville, Mary Lou Davis;Little Rock, Daniol Carmon; Clintonville (to be supplied); Millersburg,Lizzie Bowen.Mass jmeetings will be held at thecourt house Saturday afternoon at2:30 o'clock, in the final organizationdrive, at which speakers of localprominence will address the audience. In addition to these meetings therewill be a special meeting for theteachers of the county, to be held inthe court house to-morrow afternoonat 2:30. Every teacher in the countyis' requested to call at the office ofCounty Superintendent J. B. Caywood sometime during the morningor early afternoon, and receive instructions in regard to report cards,blanks, record books, etc.NEW DAM IS COMPLETED.Superintendent S. E. McClanahanand Foreman Peter Humphries, ofthe Louisville & Nashville forces,are assured of the hearty congratulations from the citizens of Paris onthe successful cojmpletion of the newdam at the Paris Milling Cos plant.The dam was completed late Tuesdayafternoon, one day ahead of the estimate made by the contractors.The last section of the new damwas filled in by the workmen in theafternoon, and left to harden, alongwith the other three sections, fromwhich the "forms" had been removed.When the work had been finished theworkmen were set to work cleaningup the loose lumber and removing itfrom the vicinity. It had been suggested by several enthusiasts thatsome kind of celebration should havemarked the completion of the structure, which means so much to the future welfare of Paris, but knowinghow hard it is to get up any kind ofcelebration in Paris, it was abandoned. The promotors were finally convinced that the people were gladenough to have the dam completedwithout any extra trimmings on theside.The new structure is a nice pieceof work, and showed skill andnicety in execution of the plans devised by the L. & N. engineers.Those who had anything to do withits erection are to be cqmplimentedon the good work -that has been done.And now, may the peace of the Lordrest forever on the muchly-agitated"dam question."0 cERECTING NEW STACKFor several days the center of attraction near the Tenth street passenger station of the Louisville &Nashville has been the erection of abig new steel smokestack at the plantof the Paris Gas & Electric Co. Thebig stack, about eighty-five feethigh, was placed in position by workmen with as much ease as an ordinary stack would have been done underlie pnost favorable circumstances.The attention of spectators wasdrawn principally to the sight of theworkmen on top of the stack, in dangerous positions, yet apparently oblivious to anything but their work.They seemed to take the chances ofdeath by a misstep as a matter ofcourse, and went about the work intheir high elevation with as muchnonchalance as any other workmenwould manifest in doing his work onterra firma. The new stack is one ofthe largest and highest in the city.-o-MORTGAGE BURNING ANi BASKET DINNER SEPT. 7TH.'There will be a "Mortgage Burning" held by the colored congregationof Veach's Chapel, Brentsville, onSunday. Sept. 7th. A big basket dinner, dedicatorial sermon, musicalprogram, etc. Admission to Basketmeeting and dedication 30 cents.Don't fail to hear the sermon, "TheKaiser's Funeral, or Fate of WilliamII, and Glory of Berlin." A specialinvitation is cordially extended to the)j white people to attend the sermon lobe delivered by Rev. Steflmg m.Means, at 3 p. m., on the above date.BOURBON COUNTY WOMEN FIGURE IN LEXINGTON AFFAIRWhile walking down IVJain street,in Lexington, Tuesday night, Dr. andMrs. W. C. Worthington, and Mr. andMrs. Sam Weathers, all of Clinton-ville, this county, were almost jostledirom tne siaewauc oy two negromen, who were accompanied by women of their race. The men bumpedinto Mrs. -Weathers rather roughly.She turned to Mrs. Worthington andmade a remark about it, when one ofthe negroes turned around and remarked that she had better keep offthe street and get out of his way.Overhearing the repnark Dr. Worthington and Mr. Weathers started after the negro, who ran from Mainstreet into Short street, followed byan angry crowd that had learned ofthe affair.The man was finally captured onCheapside by Patrolman Doyle, andtaken to the police station, where heregistered as Frank Merchant. Hewas presented in police court Wednesday morning, but at the request ofthe defense, the hearing of the caseiwas postponed until Saturday, meincident happened in front of thePhoenix Hotel, and was witnessed bya large number of people, who atonce joined in the pursuit of thenegro. 'oDEMOCRATS TO MEET IN COURTHOUSE TO-MORROW.Pursuant to the call issued by theChairman of the State DemocraticCentral Committee and at the suggestion of the County Chairman, Mr. W.D. Mclntyre, the Democrats of Bourban county will hold a mass meetingat the court house in this city tomorrow afternoon, at 2:30 o'clock,for the purpose of selecting delegatesand alternates to attend the Stateplatform convention to be held inLouisville. Bourbon county is entitled to representation of sixtyeight delegates in the State convention. o 'FALL SUITS AT $40Snappy waist seams for the youngmen in greys, greens, browns andblues.J. W. DAVIS & CO.WALNUT TREE -SELLS FOR SUMOP $300.Dr. D. S. Henry, who recently purchased the Miller farm on the Georgetown pike, near Paris, sold a walnuttree cut on the farm for $300. Thefirst cut of the tree measured fortytwo inches in diameter.WE KNOW MOW ISTETSONHATSFor Fall are (NowOn DisplayMany smart styles, wide, flat set brimswith narrow bands and bindings;medium width brims, slightly curled;new Fedora shapes, with welt or rawedges; many new colorings, new greys,greens, browns, tans and mixed colorings Imported Velours and ItalianBarselinos.Prices Range From$7 to $15Select your hat from our store and besatisfied.MITCHELL &Stetson HatsManhattan ShirtsCYNTHIANA BOYS ARRESTED ONROBBERY CHARGERobert Horton, brother of expressagent James Horton, who was utCynthiana last year, and is now stationed at Paris, was placed under arrest at Cynthiana, charged with burglarizing the White Restaurant inthat city. Horton confessed .that he'lhad committed the burglary, and implicated a young pnan named KirkRenaker, also of Cynthiana. Renaker was also arrested and gave bondin ihe sum of $500 for his appearance. Horton also furnished bondsin the sum of $100.Suspicion was first directed towardHorton when it was ascertained fromChief of Police Link, of Paris, thatthe boy had bought a new suit ofclothes, hat and other goods fromParis merchants, but had left Parisfor Cynthiana before it was knownhere that he was "wanted" in Cynthiana. Horton had been in the habitof riding freight trains between Parisand' Cynthiana, and his appearancein the latter city, all resplendent innew attire after having been shabbily dressed the day before the rob-kbery, caused him to be suspected.He was not known to have visiblemeans of support, and had spent mostof his time loafing around Cynthianaand Paris. He told the police thatj he had come from Paris to Cynthianain an automobile, In his confessionhe detailed" how the restaurant hadbeen robbed. When placed under arrest Horton had only seventy-fivecents in his pocket, and persistentlyrefused to state what he had donewith the money, about $175," that hadbeen taken from the restaurant.-oAT THE PARIS GRAND AND THEALAMO THEATRE.To-day, Friday, August 29 Dorothy Dalton, in "The Homebreaker;"Ruth Roland, in "The Tiger's Trail."To-fmorrow, Saturday, August 30Pauline Frederick, in "The Fear Woman;" Bill Parsons Comedy, "A Wonderful Night;" George Larkin, in"The Terror of The Range."Monday, Sept. 1 Geraldine Fjirrar, in "Maria Rosa;" BurtonHolmes Travelogue.."ko . ,TROTS THAT THRILL.Racing that thrills at LexingtonTrots, Sept, 29 to Oct. 11.(26-2t)! oB-4 FIRE'Insure withW.O.HIIMTON &SON,AgtsBLAKEMORENettleton ShotsDr. Retd's Cushion Sola ShoesTRIBUTE TO INCOMING AND OUTGOING SECRETARIES.Although Mr. Chas. B. Harrison,the new secretary of the Y. M. C. A., jcomes most highly recommended, andthere is every indication that he willbe most acceptable to the public, yetthere is in the whole county a general feeling or regret at the leavingof Mr. Wilcox, who has endearedhimself to both old and young. Hismany friends throughout the community will be glad to learn that thechange has been made through therequest of Mr. Wilcox himself, andnot from any dissatisfaction of theofficials with his work.His whole training has been forgeneral organization through an experience of seventeen or eighteenyears in office work, boys' work,men's work, the religious program,and, in fact, in all phases of Y. M.C. A. work, except the technicalphysical. On account of this variedexperience Mr. Wilcox became veryvaluable to the Association for general organization duties. He was oneof the few men in all the Y. M. C. A.who had any experience in countyY. M. C. A. plans. He was inducedto come to Kentucky to give countywork the benefit of this training, andwas assigned for particular serviceprincipally in Bourbon county. Allare more or less familiar with themisfortunes and uncontrollable obstacles which the war and other complications brought to the Y. M. C. A.work here. i .Through the Christian consecration of time and energy by C. 0.Hinton, at the sacrifice of his ownbusiness .interest and personal preference, the financial difficulties thatexisted had been straightened andthe way cleared for Mr. Wilcox withhis experience and ability. All whohave been in touch with the Y. M. C.A. know how conscientiously he hasdevoted himself to the task at thesacrifice of better salary in otherfields, in order that he might getthis association on a basis fitted forpermanent work, and he hs dojiethis by building the foundations bfawell-rounded religious, social andphysical program for this county.Mr. Wilcox, with his excellent religious leadership and ability toadapt himself to every situation,Will be jmissed, and all connectedwith the work regret that he has feltthat his work of organization hasbeen completed and that his dutycalls him to the wider field, and ithas been with the greatest reluctance that the Board has accepted hisresignation, and only -after he hadconvinced them that the interest ofthe local work could really best beserved by the selection of a secretary who had the technical trainingthat will enable him to add a standard physical program (the featurenow lacking for the accomplishmentof a complete and permanent Y. M.C. A. program in this county.)If only the new secretaries mayhave the earnest support of the com-pnunity they will be able to carryforward the splendid work that hasbeen accomplished by Mr. Wilcox inthe short time he has been in Bourbon, and Mr. Wilcox may be releasedfor greater usefulness in other fieldswhere the organization experiencemay be utilized to a better advantagethan could be accomplished by holding him to a local task. He hasbuilded a work that is thoroughlyappreciated by all who have had anycontact with the Y. M. C. A., and wepredict that it will grow in its influence for the upbuilding of characterand efficient citizenship in our community. We bespeak for Mr. Harrison, andMr. M. M. Sheffield, who comes asthe Assistant Secretary September 1,the loyal sypnpathy and support thathas been given Mr. Wilcox.W. O. HINTON, President.oFALL SEEDS.Best quality Northern GrownRosen Seed Rye, Less quantity per acre. Yields more thanany other variety. Also havehighest quality Seed Wheat andTimothy Seed.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(augl9-tf.)EIRE CHIEES OF KENTUCKYWILL HOLD MEETING.Fire chiefs of 196 Kentucky citiesand towns will meet in Louisville,Wednesday, Thursday and Friday ofState Fair week to form a permanent organization.The organization of Kentucky firechiefs was started by Thomas Panna.ll, State Fire Marshal. Duringtheir three-.day4 visit they will be instructed in latest developments infighting fires. The faculty will consists, of fire chiefsof national reputation and insurance and actuarialexperts.During their stay in Louisville thefire chiefs will be entertained by va-j rious civic bodies. It is probable thatthe organization will be known "&the Kentucky Fire Chiefs' Associa-JtionaneUjWilj select Louisville as its"I regular cbnvntioa city.RED CROSS MEETINGSThe first of a two-days joint meeting of the Bourbon county and Millersburg chapters of the AmericanRed Cross was held in the court'house in this city Monday afternoon.Mrs. John W. Jones, of North Middletown, presiding. About twenty-five leaders and workers were presentat the meeting. A general discussion of the plans and work of theRed Cross in this county was followed by addresses by Miss VirginiaKing, of Cleveland, Ohio, and Dr.Harry Best, of Lexington, Directorof Home Service work in the Uni-versify of Kentucky. At the secondday's session an address was deliver- .ed by Mrs. W. C. Shaw, of Cincinnati, District Deputy of the FederalBoard of Cincinnati.The audiences were composed" ofcharter members from Paris, Millersburg and North Middletown, besidesa large number of others who wereinterested in Red Cross work. Thosepresent voted to request the Executive Board of the Bourbon CountyRed Cross to appoint a ccpnmittee tomake a survey of the health, education and sociological conditions ofthe county, the result to be used as abasis for future work in the community. The meeting was called by MisaMarie Collins, of North Middletown,Field Worker for the -Red Cross forthe Bluer Grass region, composed ofthirty-seven chapters, under the LakeDivision of the Red Cross, In con-,nectlon with the meetings Mr. InicnVbaum, of the Federal Bureau for Vocational Training of Soldiers, was atthe Home Service office in conferencewith Bourbon county soldiers whowere disabled as a result of woundsreceived in the service.CROWD AT MOVIES SCATTERED.BY FIRE.A film in the operating booth ofthe Orpheum moving picture theatre,,at Main and Limestone streets, inLexington, caught fire at 8 o'clocfcWednesday night, emptying the theatre of its crowd in a few moments.Fourteen reels of fllpi were destroyed and water from automaticsprinklers and the firemen's hosedamaged fixtures of the house slightly, causing a tota. damage of approximately $ 1,500, according toManager J. H. Stamper. Insurancewas carried on the building itself,but the films represent a clear loss,Mr. Stamper said.The fire got its start when BlairBolin, operator, was trying out eightreels of film for Thursday's performance. The fiames were confined entirely to the operating booth, whichis separated fropn the theatre properby a three-inch steel and asbestoswall.oDELEGATES TO I. 0. 0. P. GRANBLODGE SELECTED.At a recent meeting of BourbonLodge I. O." O. F. the following wereelected delegates to attend the sessions of the Grand Lodge, to be ieldin Louisville on October 14: MayorE. B. January, Lawrence Vanhook,Williapn Chisholm, John H. Doty,Samuel H. Ewalt, John Chisholm,Chas. W. Fothergill, Homer D. Shy,Wm. H. Lail, Woodford Ewalt andJas. T. Hill. This is the twenty-seventhconsecutive time as delegate forMayor January.In connection with the meeting ofthe Grand Lodge Mayor January willbe a candidate before the meeting forthe office of Grand Warden, and willopen headquarters at the Seelbach.Hotel, where he will meet delegatesand conduct an active campaign.INSPECTING COUNTY R6aMA Bourbon county party, composedof County Judge George Batterton,County Attorney D. D. Cline, RoadCommissioner Sam Clay, CatesbySpears, John T. Collins and SamHouston, and Messrs. A. B. Hancock,James M. Caldwell, BUckner Woodford, A. S. Thompson, Amos Turney,Jr., Harry Clay and John J. Williamsattended the Shelby County Fair atShelbyville yesterday. The Copiniissioners and the county officials in theparty remained over to make an inspection of the Shelby county turnpikes, with a view to comparing themthem with the pikes in Bourboncounty, and noting suggestions forchanges and improvements. "oLEXINGTON nJP HANDICAPCLOSES WITH 27 ENTRIESThe Lexington Cup Handicap, $5,000 added, for three-year-olds andupward, one and one-Tialf miles,which is to be a feature of the Kentucky Jockey Club's autumn meetingat the Lexington track, closed witii27 entries as follows: Escobia, Pif,Jr., King Fisher, Comme Ci, Sands of tPleasure, Dick Hill, Brunette II,Sands Peur H, Exterminator, Wickford, Constantine, Manager Waite,Precious, Piedra, Prospector H, Mid-Vay, Drastic, Vlucanite, Joan O,"WarZo&e, Raider, Lagal, Mliaoa,,Dodge, MuscowaEl Rey, Mimto TL'111.!'8HiT!il' Ju9AU.Jili.ii!Ititi' i,11Mi4r- ir hj;l4'sy5-Iw-vr' jl' if" ,.'" f l" '", rv 7 -, f -vs, ' -' j .-',,- V ' V' 'FllMS TWOI,1THE BOURBON KEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, AUGUST 2$, 1.?1LXillinprf(,iilftwMift.tiiIHE BOURBON NEWSEstablished 188137 Tears of Coni tinuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayPer Year. . $2.00 6 Months. . $1.00.Payable in Adaranco.IWHT CHAMP. Editor and Owner.ptaUred at the Paris, Kentucky,. Rwtefflc as Mail Matter of theT ImobACImi.)Any erroneous reflection upon thelAaraoter, standing or reputation ofMy person, firm or corporation whichFaay appear In the columns of THEPURBON NEWS will be gladly corrated if brought to attention of thefrditor.. 03W FOREIGN REPRESENTAL . TIYES.Hew York American Press Association. Chicago Lord & Thomas.Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atlanta Massengale Adv. Agency.i Cincinnati Elaine-Thompson Co.Louisville Stark-Lowman Co.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perInch for first time; 50 rents per inchpaoh subsequent insertiou.Reading Notices, 10 cents per linemoa issue; reading notices in blackgype, 20 "cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andtriznllar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisepleats and yearly contracts.The right of publisher Is reseivedto decline any advertisement or othersiatter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied byJthe cash.nDEMOCRATIC TICKET.r Por Governor:James D. Black.1 Por Lieutenant Governor:W. H. Shanks.4 Por Secretary of State:Mat S. Cohen.Por Auditor of Public Accounts :j Henry M. Bosworth.Por Attorney General:Frank E. Daugherty.Por Clerk of the Court of Appeals :"John A. Goodman.Por Superintendent of Public Instruction :Ii. E. Foster.Por Commissioner of Agriculture:- .John W. Newman.i Por Representative:James H. Thompson.POR COUNCILMENi First Ward:J. H. Moreland, N. F. Brent, JohnJ". Williams.Second Ward:Edward Burke.Hugh Brent,j Catesby Spears.Third Ward:George Doyle.The Children's Vacation.With the school vacation nearingIts end we hear again, occasionally,,that the long vacation should becomeobsolete; that too much time is lost;that the children lose interest, andother equally fatuous criticisms.Any man who seriously opposesthe long vacation never wore baggyblue overalls supported by one gallus; never listened to the appealingcall of the waters in Maytime. Allsuch must have been born under theshadow of city walls. They assuredlynever went where the cowlips grow;never saw daisies nodding in thewind; never felt the kiss of a vagrantJjTeere on their cheeks in meadows;where brooks ran laughing by.We cannot understand how anyone. "with the child's interest at heart canfavor an "all-year" system. Such achange would spell sorrow and discomfort to millions of American boysatnd girls. We believe it is best forthem to have as many weeks in theopen as possible. Of course, we ofthe cities find it difficult to know justwhat to do with these released children, of ours; but if we are the rightkind of parents, and have the rightkimd of cities, the problem can easilybe solved, IItdsthe opinion of ftn'any educatorsthat, iasUad of having' too littleschool, we have too much, and theyare opposing the restrictions proposed by the short vacationists andthose who urge the all-year system.These latter advert to the matter ofparental comfort, inveigh against theprobability of street idleness, and thedanger that the children may acquireevil habits, and such like objections.We cannot agree. We think people who believe that way are faraway frqm childhood. It is not necessary that we should crucify joy andcram the intellects ,of our boys andgirls in order that parents may beless troubled, or' to safeguard themfrom the dangers of evil associationin the city streets. City streets arenot so bad in this day, generallyspeaking, to say nothing of the factthat most parents know how to reartheir progeny.On a Great Event In Our Lives.There is personal pathos in turning the leaves of "Huckleberry Finn."What would you not give for the joywith which you first read of "Huck,""Nigger Jim," "the Duke" and theDauphin?" Would some of the yearsat the other end of your life be toogreat a price for the exultation? Today you pick up the book with reminiscence that has a pang. As youlook at the old Kemble pictures orrecognize here and there a familiarpassage, you faintly realize as in adream the glory that was your youth,a real if innocent grandeur that wasyears ago.There are some books for whichjman can not grow too old. They arefor boys, but for boys of all ages.There are "Huckleberry Finn," Aidrich's "Story of a Bad Boy," and Stevenson's "Treasure Island," to mention but three. Why not withholdthis faery gold from the youth of today that it may later, when life isnot quite so strong in his pulses, reveal to him for the first time itsmetal without alloy. Think of it!Obsessed by eugenic, divorce and social uplift novels this man of to-morrowcould steal away and revive theboy's spirit of merry adventure. Itwould be an inspiration as great asthat which created Keats' "On FirstLooking Into Chapman's Homer." iBut to return to "HuckleberryFinn." There is only one way to approximate the youthful zeal withwhich you galloped through thebook. Read it for the sixth or seventh tijme. We have tried it.C)WRIGLEY COMPANY DELIVERSGUM BY AEROPLANESTrains and boats and jitney bufcses,camels, oxen, dogs and coolie runnerswill please make "gangway" for theAero Express. Here they come: The"Spearmint Number One" and hersister ship the "Spearmint NumberTwo," are on their way!Two latest type Curtiss aeroplanes,sijmilar to those used by the U. S.army, and fully equipped for longdistance flying, are making a tourover eight States, visiting 150 citiesand towns. The planes carry a consignment of Wrigley's chewing gumfor the local distributors the firstdelivery on record of this product byaeroplane.Always a keen enthusiast on thelatest developments in any enterprise, and especially in commercialaeronautics, Wm. Wrlgley, Jr., ofChicago, the largest chewing gummanufacturer in the world, has chartered these planes to exemplify comjmercial flying.The tour is under the directionof John N. Hammond, representingthe Transcontinental Aerial Company. Mr. Hammond recently returned from overseas service with the26th Division. His pilots are C. R.Borkland, formerly of the BritishRoyal Flying Corps and Royal AirForce, and J. W. Schoeder, formerlyinstructor in the U. S. Air Service.The "Spearmint One" and "Spearmint Two" are painted white and ornamented with the Wrigley trademarks and packages. They willdrop twenty-five jqmall parachutesupon arrival over a city, each parachute carrying a package of gum,and four of them containing a complimentary ticket which will be honored for a free ride in one of the aeroplanes. Finders of these ticketsride free others will be taken for abirds-eye view sight-seeing trip at$15 per ride.The trip will cover the MiddleWest and South during the next fourmonths. Manufacturers of lightpackage goods are watching theWrigley exploit with interest. Thereis much in favor of the Aero Expressservice for delivery of goods of thischaracter. (adv)oExtracting Salt From Ocsan.Experiments in Norway with a vieto extrar'timr salt fiom ocean waterby meaiis of electricity have been sue-cessful. nnd two salt factories willbe started fr this purpose in the nearfuture. En'h factory is calculated toproduce f0.000 tons of salt a 'yearfor a start, but they will be so builtthat the production can be brought upto double tlie quantity, if necessary.Besides the salt, different by-producttwill be made.WHY PEOPLE BUY RAT-SNAP IN IPREFERENCE TO RAT POISON(1) RAT-SNAP absolutely killsrats and mice. (2) What it doesn'timT?7- (3) RatskILled Iwith RAT-SNAP leave no smell, they 'dry up inside. (4) Made in cakes, jno mixing with other food. (5) Catsor dogs won't touch it. Three sizes,25c $50c $1.00.Sold,and guaranteed by The Farm-ers Supply Co. (adv aug)SERIOUS CAR SHORTAGE IS PRESENT PROSPECT.The following statement was authorized Wednesday by the RegionalDirector's office, Southern Region,United States Railroad Administration: "Another shortage of freight carsis in prospect for the coming fall andwinter. Instead of the surplus ofequipment to be found, on nearly allrailroads during the dull days beforethe after-the-war business revival setin, every piece of equipment now isin use on many lines and only the(most careful handling by the railroads with consistent and wholehearted co-operation from the shipping public can prevent serious interference with business.'"Federal managers have been called upon by the Railroad Administration to utilize equipment to the fullest possible extent, and particularlyto see that cars are set in motionpromptly upon being loaded or unloaded. "Shippers are asked to lend a handboth by reducing detention of carsto a minimum and by careful andheavy loading so that the greatestpossible service may be had fromeach car. From a purely selfish business standpoint, of course, it is tothe interest of the individual shipperand receiver of freight to do hispart toward (minimizing the effects ofa car shortage from which he willsuffer along with the public generally." "FAKE" ASPIRINst WAS TALCUMinrTKeiefore Insist Upon Cert- tfne "Bayer TabletsSf Aspirinill!tfMillions of fraudulent AspirinTablets were sold by a Brooklynmanufacturer, which later proved tobe composed mainly of Talcum Powder "Bayer Tablets of Aspirin," thetrue, genuine, American made andAemircan owned Tablets are markedwith the safety "Bayer Cross."Ask for and then insist upon"Bayer Tablets of Aspirin" and always buy them in the original Bayerpackage which contains proper directions and dosage.Aspirin is the trade mark of BayerManufacturer of Monoaceticacidesterof Salicylicocid. (adv-tf-F)THINGS TO WORRY ABOUT"The Department of Justice," saysAttorney General Palmer, "has hadmore complaints against retail gougers than any other class. We havefound that thousands of cornerstores are taking advantage of thesituation to charge exorbitant prices,and this is what the people are prctesting against."It is in just this field that the Kentucky High Cost of Living Investigating Commission, aided by the volunteers for whom it calls, has a richfield for effective work. The littlebugs have just as much right to geta few nips of the rich feast as the bigbugs, and the Governjment's slapstick will get both of them.WORK THAT TELLSPlenty of It Has Been Bone Right-'!,.. Here In Paris.To thoroughly know the virtues ofa medicine you must investigate itswork. Doan's Kidney Pills standthis test, and plenty of proof existsright here in Paris. People who testified years ago to relief from backache, kidney and urinary disorders,now give confirmed testimony declared the results have lasted. Howcan any Paris sufferer longer doubtthe evidence?Mrs. J. T. Martin, 1024 Main St.,Paris, says: "Kidney trouble cameon frcru a fall and the results werevery seveie, causing me more suffering than the fall itself. No one canever know what I went through 'atthat time for I suffered awfully. Myback ached and pained until Ithought it would break in two.Sharp twinges shot through my kidneys and if anyone had hit me in theback with a heavy axe it couldn'thave hurt worse. In one week afterusinf Doan's Kidney Pills, I felt likea different woman, for they fixed meup in fine shape." (Statement givenFebruary 17, 1908.)On November 9, 1916, Mrs. Martin said: "Doan's Kidney Pills havemade a cure for me and it has beenpermanent."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Martin had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)o .The War Department during thelatter half of last year bought 119,-000,000 pieces of soap for shipmentovereasl 'XT . ... . T7 ,, Notwithstanding modern progressin tlie art of war it -is -not yet per-mittcd to use poison gas on baseballumpires. i INATURE'S MIRRORWhen awoman iswell andhealthythere's asparkle inher eyes, arose tint inher cheeks,and she hasrich redblood.There'selasticity inevery movement and aspring in herstep. Lovecomes to every woman who hasbounding health but when she ispallid, dull eyed, languid, she hasno magnetism nor does she appealto any man.Such a change in feelings andlooks!After suffering pain, feeling nervous, dizzy, weak and draggeddown by weaknesses of her sexwith eyes sunken, black circles andpale cheeks such a woman isquickly restored to health by theFavorite Prescription of Dr. Pierce,Changed, too, in looks, for aftertaking Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription the skin becomes clear,the eyes brighter, the cheeksplump. It is purely vegetable,contains no alcohol.Druggists sell it in tablets orliquid. Send Dr. Pierce, Buffalo,N-Y. 10c for trial package.Uncle Sam To Sell A CityNitro, W Va., To Be SoldWASHINGTON, August 28.selling war stock ranging from hancuffs to airplanes, the War Department now offers for sale an entiretown, Nitro, W. Va., site of the second largest smokeless powder plantin the world. Bids for the propertywill be opened September 30 in Philadelphia. The community covers1,800 acres and is completely equipped w th modern improvements. Their-dumial aiea ;s currounJed bv 1500houses for workmen, 75 executiveresidences, hotels, 24-room school,stores, theaters, fire and police stations, 400-bed hospital, bank, telephone and telegraph building, recreation centers and other structurethat make a modern town.Operation of the plant began onlyten days before hostilities ceased andafter turning "out 6,000,000 poundsof powder the plant was closed.Construction of the town cost thegovernment approximately seventymillion dollars.AN OLD FAULT PIffDER.An irritable and fault finding disposition is often caused by indigestion. A man with good digestion andbowels that act regularly is usuallygood natured. When troubled withindigestion or constipation takeChamberlain's Tablets. Theystrengthen the stomach and enable itto perform its functions naturally.They also cause a gentle m9yejrTfjn.t Ofthe bowels. "r,. s !' (adv-aug)No statistics are available as yetto show how much an air passengerfrom overseas will be permitted tocarry in his suitcase," THE BEST PHYSIC.When you want a nleasant mhvsio.try Chamberlain's Tablets. They areeasy to take and mild and gentle ineffect. They are highly prized bypeople who have become acquaintedwith their good qualities. They onlycost a quarter.(adv-aug)PAT-SNAPKILLS RATSAlso mice. Absolutely preventsodors from carcass. One packageproves this. RAT-SNAP comes incakes no mixing with other food.Guaranteed.25c. size Cone cake) enough forPantry, Kitchen or Cellar.50c. size (2 cakes') for ChickenHouse, Coops, or Small Buildings.$1.00 size (5 cakes) enough forall farm and out-buildings, storagebuildings.Sold and Guaranteed by FarmersSupply Co. (8-4tF)NOTICE !TO THE VOTERS OF BOURBONCOUNTY, KY.:Pursuant to an order of the Bourbon County Fiscal Court, and to Section 1407a, Kentucky Statutes,notice is hereby given to the votersof Bourbon county, Ky., that JohnT. Collins, Catesby Spears, Sam Clayand Sam Houston, have been appointed by the Bourbon County FiscalCourt, Commissioners for the purposeof handling and expending the proceeds of bonds, in the event the$500,000.00 bond issue, which is tobe voted on September 6, 1919, isapproved and carried by the voters ofBourbon County.PEARCE PATON,Clerk Bourbon County Fiscal Court,(td)wjtfNkr VphLsH lr"3hCA-IBaliiLJ- Hsre-- Vc -Fords For Sale"Two Ford touring cars in the bestof condition; engines recently overhauled. DICKERSON & SON,106 E. Tenth St., Paris, Ky.(26-3t)FOR SALEWe have for sale 30 extra goodSouthdown and Hampshire bucks,yearlings and two-year-olds.CAYWOOD & McCUNTOCK,(22aug-4t) Paris, Ky.&awleigh's All Medicine Hog MixtureQuality First; Results Assured.Try 100 pounds. Money refunded ifnot satisfied. Cost one-fifth of a centper average dose.Call Cumberland Phone 487; HomePhone 256, for further information.M. 0. BIBBLE,The Rawleiffh Man.(8aug-tf)Public Renting ofLand!I will rent my farm of about 421acres of land, situated on the Ruddles Mills pike, 3 miles from Paris,Ky., to the highest bidder in front ofthe Court House, in Paris, Ky., onSaturday, August 30,AT 2:30 P. M.,Improvements consist of a nicenew cottage of seven rooms, threetenant houses, five barns, good fencing, and good water for all purposes.Call at 812 Pleasant Street, or Cumberland Phone 955, for particulars.G. C. THOMPSONParis, Kentucky.M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer.(19-4t)Notice of ElectionTO THE VOTERS OP BOURBONCOUNTY.Notice is hereby given that pursuant to an order of the Bourbon Couivty Fiscal Court, entered July 3rd,1919, an election will be held and apoll will be taken at each aid all ofthe voting places in Bourhcj County,Kentucky, on the 6 th day. of September, 1919, between th,e hours of sixo'clock a. m. and fQur "o'clock p. m.,for the purpose o taking the senseof the legal vqtera of Bourbon County, Kentucky, who are qualified tovote upQn the following proposition:"Are You For a Property Tax ofTwenty Cents on Each One HundredDollars Worth of Property In theCounty to be Levied Eanh Vpar fnt-Ten Years for the Purpose of Improving or Constructing, Either orBoth, RoadH 'and Bridges of theCounty?". " "W. G. McCLINTOCK,Sheriff of Bourbon County.(aug8-td)Notice of ElectionTO THE VOTERS OP BOURBONCOUNTY,Notice is hereby given that pursuant to an order of the Bourbon County Court, entered Julv 7. iqiq nnelection will be held and a poll willbe taken at each and all of the votingplaces in Bourbon County, Kentucky,on the 6th day of September, 1919,between the hours of six o'clock a.m. and four o'clock p. m., for thepurpose of taking the sense of thelegal voters of Bourbon County,Kentucky, who are qualified to vote,upon the following proposition:"Are you in favor of issuiner FivaHundred Thousand Dollars in Bonds"for the Purpose of Building Roadsand Bridges ?rW. G. McCLINTOCK,Sheriff of Bourbon County.(aug8-td)PUBLICOFX-.A,3SriDSaturday, August 30AT 10 O'CLOCK A. M.Five acres of land with a five-room cottage, just outside the city limits, on the Bethlehem pike, about onefourth of a mile from the Interurban line.Desirable location to live in and would make anexcellent poultry farm. 'B. L. YATES. ..!HR,S SPEAKES, Real Estate Agents.Southdown Sheep ForSale.I have a select lot of Southdowyearling bucks; also 50 Southdowewes and lambs for sale.J. H. THOMPSON,(12-af) R. F. D. 8. Paris, Ky.Miss . D. Giltner,Instruction in Piano, Violin, Harmony and Theory.Term begins Monday, September 81919.Studio, 227 Seventh Street, Paris,Ky. E. Tenn. Phone 527.(15-22-29-sept.-l)Important SanitaryOrderPoperty owners and residents upon Main street, between Tenth andFourteenth, if not connected with asanitary sewer, are hereby notifiedto make such connections immediately. Property owners on Pleasantstreet who may not heretofore haveconnected with a sanitary sewer arenotified hereby to make such connection on or before the 15th of September, 1919.Compliance with this order is urgent in that these streets are now being prepared for a permanent surface finish which will he of concreteand cannot be disturbed under fiveyears except the occasion be epaergent. By order of the Board of Health.A. H. KELLER, City Health Officer.(aug26-2t)Of Interest to the Citizens in General audiof Certain Sections;of the City, iklarly:Dumps are unsightly affairs injanrcity, and especially so when everyconceivable kind of refuse is thrown,thereon. They yet can and do subserve useful purposes and if proper--lycared qt make a beautiful playground, for children or even parkswh,e.r$ all may gather for the ordinary pleasures and enjoyments ofsuch city conveniences, and theseconveniences are not exceptional atall.Many instances may be cte-A inour own city where now, stand good,substantia buildings, formerly ugly.-"-' At 11CW L(t)Uk UCVCOOl J, 11UT-everv ior tnqse in ue immediatevicinity of such places to be bothpatient and; eveji Jenjont with thoseupon whom "devolved the gradualtrasform.atj0P. of sijjgh ill presentplaces. ' ' " . v a;i attention to a onost unsiehtiv dumnin the Southern part of the city, nearthe F. & C. railroad crossing and im! mediately adjacent to the cemetery.I In many, respects things are going7jwell here. In others thev are abominable. The Health Board cannotand will not permit a continuance otthese ill conditions. Miscreants ar"Sputting perishable, decaying, putrefying material of every kind imaginable upon this lot. Those residing inthis neighborhood are the complainants, and rightfully so, yet they seemunwilling to assist those in authorityin apprehending the euiltv parties.I The Mayor says it will cost a thousand dollars a year to keep this locality guarded. Whether this is oris not a feasible plan the Board cannot say. Finally, the residents ofthis vicinity are strongly urgfid torender all possible assistance in putting an end to this intolerable nuisance, as they are assuredly thegreatest sufferers.Notice is also given to anv nersonor persons who may have garbage ofany kind, vegetable or animal, badeggs especially, to dispose of it otherthan putting it upon any dujmp, intoor upon the banks of any streamwithin the city limits of Paris. A fineof $20 will accompany any violationof this ordinance. The Chief ofPolice and his deputies will report asoccasion may require to the Secretaryof the Board of Health.By order of the Board of Health.A. H. KELLER, City Health Officer.(aug26-2t)AUCTION-(;X 1rvft V;'- ?- 1 V"-,t AFRIDAY, AUGUST 2&, iVlVTHfi SOtriBOH - HEWS, JAMS, EESTOClS-aata!tTHE JOY OFMOTHERHOODCame to this Woman afterTakmg Lydia E. Rnkham's'Vegetable Compound toRestore Her HealthEllensburg, Wash. " After I wasmarried I was not well for a long timeand a good deal ofthe time was notable to go about.Our greatest desirewas to have a childin our heme and oneday my husbandcame back fromtown with a bottleof Lydia E. Pinkham's VegetableCompound andwanted me to try it.It brought relieffrom my troubles.I improved in health so I could do myhousework we now have a little one, allof which I 'owe to Lydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound." Mrs. 0. S.Johnson, R. No. 3, Ellensburg, Wash.There are women everywhere wholong for children in their homes yet aredenied this happiness on account ofonma fnnnrtnnnl riisnrrlpr which in mosteases would readily yield to Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.Such women should not give up hopeuntil they have given this wonderfulmedicine a trial, and for special advicewrite Lydia E. Pinkham Medicine Co.,Lynn, Mass. The result of 40 yearsexperience is at your service.DTCEBESTIHG SIOBY OF P ACHTCITJEET'S CRUISE.RAILROAD MEN BETTER PAIDTHAU GOVERNORS.WASHINGTON, August 28. Railroad engineers and conductors arebeing paid more than are State Governors and high officers of the army,it was revealed in a letter from R. L.O'Donnell, general manager of thePennsylvania Railroad, read to theHouse by Representative Blanton, ofTexas. Freight engineers are nowreceiving $392.25 a month (4.700 ayear) and passenger train engineers$376.85 a month ($4,500 a year),O'Donnel's letter said. Blanton added: "And the Governor of Texas received only $333.30 a month ($4,000a year), and a Colonel in the armyan equal amount. Freight conductors receive $313.90 a month andpassenger conductors, $308.55 amonth, which is more than a Lieutenant Colonel's pay of $281.66, Major's of $250 and Captain's of$208.33. On this basis a freight engineer earns only $300 a year lessthan the Governor of Missouri, andfrom $200 to $2,200 a year morethan the Governors of the followingthirteen States: Nebraska, $2,500;New Hamphire, Rhode Island, SouthCarolina, South Dakota, Vermont,$3,000 each; Arkansas, Delaware,Tennesse, Texas, Wyoming, $4,000;Maryland, Oklahoma, $4,500.o"WHY I PUT TIP WITH RATS E0RYEARS," WRITES N. WINDr SOR, PARMER.After stopping at two unexpectedports, San Diego and Los Angeles,Cal., we arrived at Bremerton, Wash.,at four o'clock this afternoon, whichended the longest voyage since I havebeen on the ship, covering a distanceof over six thousand miles in twentynine days, and six of those days welay at anchor in California ports, andtwo and one-half days at Balboa,Panama.We left Norfolk, Va., on July 17,at 9 a. m., passing the Pacific Fleetwhich was at anchor in the harborjust off from Old Point Comfort. ItWas certainly a sight to see all thedifferent types of our Man-o-Wartogether; all classes of battle ships,cruisers and destroyers covered thewhole harbor. I did not think allthe ships in our whole navy wouldmake such a showing, yet the PacificFleet is considerable less than halfof them, and, too, it is about 100per cent, greater than the mightyarmada that circled 'the globe in 1908The total displacement of the fleetis over five thousand tons.On account of the Montana goinginto the yards for a general overhauling after her strenuous work throughout the war and carrying troops homeagain we made the trip to our Western, home alone, having sailed threedays before the fleet. We were passing the Bahama Islands when a wireless message was received statingthat the mighty Pacific Fleet wasgetting under way.It was on the morning of July 20,when we sighted the islands, San Salvador, or Wathings Island, being thefirst one to come into view. San Salvador being established land fall ofColumbus in October, 1492.Next come Bird Rock, which isseventy-seven miles distance fromSan Salvador, it taking us about sixhours to reach this island; a stretchof about one mile of water separatedBird Rock from Crooked Island, andtwo and one-half miles of waterseparated Crooked Island from Achlin Island, the largest of the Bahamagroup, though a low tide the waterbetween these two islands is so lowthat it may be waded.Then at the Southern extremity ofthe Bahama group comes CastleIsland. Castle Rock, which is only alittle distance off, is very remarkable, resembling an old castle andgiving the name to the island.During the day of the twenty-firstwe passed Cape Maysi, which is theeastern extremity of Cuba, and is adistance of 108 miles from CastleIsland; and next was Haiti the lastland to be seen until we reachedPanama.About eleven o'clock on the morning of the twenty-third we approached the Atlantic entrance of the Panama Canal, passing the end of theman-made peninsula, which extendseleven thousand feet into the bayand is known at Toro Breakwater.It was built to protect the entranceof the canal from the violent stormswhich sweep down from the north.We steamed directly into the Atlantic sea-level part of the canalwhich is a huge ditch 500 feet wide,41 feet deep and extends inland a distance of five "miles to the GatunLocks, which is a wonderful piece ofengineering.Just outside of the first Iock is aFEELING BLUE?LIVER LAZY?TAKEAJJALOTABWonderful How Young and Energetic You Feel After TakingThis Uausealess Calomel Calotab.If you have not tried Calotabs youhave a delightful surprise awaitingyou. The wonderful liver-cleansingand system-purifying properties ofcalomel may now be enjoyed withoutthe slightest unpleasantness. A Calotab at bedtime with a swallow ,ofwater that's all. No taste, no salts,nor the slightest unpleasant effects.You wake up in the morning feelingso good that you want to laugh aboutit. Your liver is clean, your systemis purified, your appetite hearty. Eatwhat you wish no danger. The nexttime you feel lazy, mean, nervous,blue, or discouraged, give your livera thorough cleansing with a Calotab.They are so perfect that your druggist is authorized to refund the priceas a guaranee that you will be delighted. Calotabs are sold in original, sealed packages. Price thirty-five cents.At all drug stores.(adv)noes. The first one to be seen Volcan de Agua, a water volcano whichis 13,500 feet high. Old GuatemalaCity was in 1541 destroyed by theeruption of enormous volumes ofwater from this volcano.Acatenango comes next and itraises 12,810 feet and has no crater.It discharges warm sulphuric vaporthrough a vent in the side.We next passed the little port ofOcos, which could not be seen verySOCIAL AND PERSONAL..Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Miss Lina Crowe and Mrs. E. A.Bass are guests of Mr. and Mrs. Geo.W. Franklin, in Cynthiana.Mrs. Henry Preston and MissAnnie Miller, of Ashland, are guestsof Mr. Bruce Miller and Miss NannieMiller.Miss Ellen Rule, of Paris, is aguest of Mrs. Smith Ward, in Cynthiana. Mr. Cornelius James has gone toPort Arthur, Texas, where he willtake a position with a large oil producing firm.Prof, and Mrs. Jesse Hazelriggand babe, of Shelbyville, are guestsat the home of Mrs. C. A. Daugherty,on Mt. Airy avenue.Miss Marguerite Doyle has asguests Misses Agnes Sullivan and SueHampton, of Lexington, and AlmaBarton, of Spring Station.Mr. E. M. Wheeler and daughter, Miss Elizabeth Wheeler, leftWednesday for a visit to friends andrelatives in Indiananpolis.Misses Mable and Huth Soperhave returned to their home in thiscity after a pleasant visit to friendsand relatives in Louisville.Mr. and Mrs. Rudolph Davishave returned from an enjoyable automobile trip to Cedar Point andother places of interest in Ohio.Col. and Mrs. C. F. Drake, ofBoise City, Idaho, are guests of Mrs.Drake's sister, Mrs. Katie Bryan, andMiss Jonie Cain, near this city.Mr. George Howard, clerk in themoney order division at the Parispostoffice, has gone to OlypnpianSprings for a fifteen-days' vacation.Mrs. Daisy Hill has returnedfrom her vacation stay at GrahamSprings and has resumed her dutiesas Chief Operator at the CupiberlandTelephone Co.Dr. and Mrs. J. H. Conner andson, Creighton, have returned froma visit to relatives at Bowling Green,WZM JjBSVjPHPwK-?!$ tttfsra rw &&&.?&rjTlr' rr- iV&? X& vSo-i...- ZJiz K7r.5&packagej a pacbefore Hie warduring theplainly as we were at a distance of ana a stay at Red Boiling springs.Quinlan, house-"Years ago I bought some rat poison, which nearly killed our finewatchdog. It so scared us that wesuffered a long time with rats untilmy neighbor told me about RATSNAP. That's the sure rat killer anda safe one." Three sizes, 25c, 50c,$1.00.Sold and guaranteed by The Farm'ers Supply Co. (adv aug)oThe smallest known race is thatof the Bushmen of Southern, Africa,the main height being four feetthree and one-half inches.lt&. VAUGHN, FABMER, TELlSHOW HE LOST ALL HlPEIZE SEED COEN.Some time ago I sent away "forTwme pedigreed seed corn. Put it ina gunney sack and hung it on a ropesuspended from roof. Rats got it allhow. beats me,, but they did, becuse got 5 (lead whoopers in themorning after trying RAT-SNAP."Three sizes, 25c, 50c, $1.00.'Sdldand guaranteed by The Farmers Supply Co. (adv aug)eierhtv miles from the coast. Between this port and San Bennito liesthe boundary line of Guatemala andMexico. We were a little less than aday passing the coast of Guatemalaand then came the mountains ofsouthern Mexico. For three dayswe were off theMexican coast and allthe time the high mountains could beseen towering above the clouds.Mexico has 4,574 miles of coast onthe Pacific Ocean and her boundaryline between the United States is1,833 miles in length.Some time during the night ofAugust 1, w left the Mexican coastand were once more wnere notmngbut water could be seen.On the morning of the third wecame into sight of Lower California,and all during that day and the dayof the fourth we passed severalsmall islands, passing San Diego,California on the morning of thefifth. About noon of that day awireless was received orderine: usgiant chain made of three inch iron back to San Diego to take part in thei- - VIS'W?msLAUORES THE PRICE!IWilmoth'sFreshHome'Baked Breads,Cakes, Pies, Etc.DallyFreshMe&ts,Roasts,Steaks,Chops, Fancy Goods.FamousCoffees and TeasWILMOTH'Grocer o.'Phone 376that is guaranteed to bring a tenthousand-ton ship going at the rate offive knots per hour to a dead standstill in seventy feet. This chain isneeded in case of emergency to prevent ships from ramming the lockgates. Though we had no use forthe chain as our ship was brought toa stop with plenty of space to spare.Here before entering the lockfour powerful locomotives, run byelectricity, took charge of the ship,two of them in front to pull andtwo behind to hold back. The chainwas lowered and at one o'clock weentered the first of the Gatun Locks.Here we passed through three gigancit locks, raising us a height ofeighty-five feet 'above the sea level,into Gatun Lake, which is the largestartificial lake in the world. TheGatun Dam, which impounds thewaters of the Chagres River, floodingthe lowlands is the formation of thethe Culebra Cut we steamed thirtyone miles under our own power, tothe Pedro Miguel Locks. The Culebra Cut is another wonderful pieceof engineering. and is over six mileslong and three hundred feet wide atthe bottom.At the Jedro Miguel Locks we werelowered one step into MirafloresLake, another artificial body of waterabout one mile long and fifty-fivefeet above sea-level. Then out ofthis lake is the Miraflores Locksthrough which we were lowered twosteps down into the Pacific sea-levelort of the canal, which is seven mile1long and extends past Balboa andout into the Pacific Ocean.At Balboa we stopped for coal, remaining there for two days, libertybeing given all the crew; as the cityof Balboa is a small place, everyonetook the "jitney" to Panama City,which is only a distance of twomiles, and everyone had a grand timethere. Three shipmates and I hireda taxi for two hours. We were allover the city and viewed many of thehistoric buildings and places.The Republic of Panama as awhole is the smallest republic in theworld, it being about the size of theState of Indiana, and the best thingI have learned about it is that theyhave no army or navy. My homethe next time war is declared.Another thing, Panama is the onlycountry in the world that has nopublic debt, and besides she has sevenmillion dollars invested in real estatein New York City.While we were in Panama posterswere sent aboard ship advertising afight between two tigers and a "Wildbull, to be held at the Visto AlegreBull Ring, in honor of the PacificFleet. We did not get to see the fightas our rnud hook was lifted from, thebottom 'of the' canal on Saturdaymorning and we shoved off to Complete our trip. Though while at seai message came over the wireless'hat the bull won the fight and fivethousand American sailors witnessed:tOn our third da out fom Paparmwe 'came into sight of the Southerncoast .of Guatemala, which is nothingmor-Q man a long range mnKHmt&ins.fleet review which was held there onthe seventh.We pulled into harbor at SanDiego just before dark and droppedanchor a short distance off SouthCaronda Island, remaining there allday the sixth. At four o'clock on themorning of the seventh we hauledanchor and moved up in the bayseventeen miles, that putting us justoff the beach from the Hotel delCaronado, a summer resort, wherethe review was held, the Montanabeing used as the reviewing ship.About 8:30 Secretary Daniels, .Admiral Rodman and about one hundred of the most prominent men. ofthe west boarded the ship, takingtheir places on the bridge and remaining there throughout the. review.As Secretary Daniels ascended to thetop of the gangway a 19-gim salutewas fired before he, stepped on thequarterdeck of the ship..At nine o'clock the New Mexico,'the flagship of the fleet, moved pastthe Montana. The fleet being inbattle formation the string of shipsreached out to and over the horizonit being a period of two hours fromthe time the first .ship moved, past usuntil the last one had gone by.As the dreadnaughts and. other bigcrafts passed the Montana they firedthe 19-gun salute to Secretary Daniels, whose four-star-and-anchor flagfloated from the Montana's foretruck, and .their bands played "TheStar Spangled Banner," the crewsstanding at "quarters." The Montana returned the salute to ships withadmirals, there being, three of them.In the afternoon half of the shipscompany went on liberty in SanDiego, all having a grand time. Wewere there three days and I was onliberty every day, going to picnics in the afternoon and dancesin the evening. Almost every building and all the streets were decoratedwith flags and pennants.At about' two-thirty on the afternoon of the tenth we shoved off fromSan Diego, having ordersto proceedto Los Angeles, where a, big receptionwas, given the, fleet on the eleventnand twelfth., The fleet, with,the exception of the Montana, left SanDiego for Los Angeles on the ninth,reaching there- a day ahead- of us.The .old "Montie" dropped' anchor atSan Pedro, the Los Angeles harbor,parly on the morning of the elevennh,and at nine oclock, am.,6ne-lhirdof the ships company, shoved off toenjoy the reception. I was" one ofi-re unlucky to remain aboard.On the morning' of the twelfthanother order was received and atfour o'clock the Montana was underway for .Bremerton, it taking us fourlay - to make the trip.On "reaching Bremerton my tripout to sea was ended as' I am to bedischarged from fhe service in thenet few dayc- 1 will return to PansMnd,hope to bo the.e by the first ofSeptember. . . 'With regards to all,. , .-Your friend,BEN K. LEACH,U. S. S. MontanaMrs. Margaretkeeper at the Catholic parsonage inthis city, will leave this week forCincinnati, where she will reside inthe future.Mr. William Barnes, a formerresident of Paris, now connected withthe Western Union office at Cincinnati, was a visitor in Paris severaldays this week.Mr. W. A. Dickey, who is seriously ill of kidney trouble at hishome on Vine street, has been removed to the Massie Memorial Hospital for treatment.Mrs. L. H. Adams and Mrs. J.H. Mehrten and son, of Charleston,South Carolina, are guests of Mrs.James Cummins and Mrs. WallaceBarnhill, near Paris.Mr. and Mrs. G. W. Lisle anddaughter, Miss Elizabeth, of CannelCity, are guests of Mr. and Mrs. F.E. Faulkner, and Mr. and Mrs. A. M.Gambill, in this city.Mrs. Maria W. Blake, of theBourbon-Agricultural Bank & TrustCo., is spending her vacation at herold home in Mason county, and attending the Germantown Fair.Miss Tillie Jaynes is hostess toMr. and Mrs. W. E. Johnson, of Lexington, Mrs. Waltham Pruitt and Mr.Waltham Pruitt, Jr., of Osceola, Ark.,and Mr. Edgar Johnson, of Buffalo,New York.Miss Mayme Dee Long, who hasbeen a student, for the past year atthe Columbia University, in .NewYork, is a. guest of her sister, Mrs.O. H. Collier, on Second street, inthis 'city.. Miss Anna Katherine Savageentertained at her home on Fifteenthstree't with a lawn party, in compli-jment to her cousins, Robert and Wm.Savage, of Cincinnati, adoul twenty guests were present.Mrs. Monroe Leer entertainedwith a dinner party at her homenear Jacksonville, in this county, inhonor of Miss MecLona Butler, ofMillersburg, whose marriage to Mr.Ireland Davis, of Paris, will takeplace Monday.The following are guests of MissWinifrede Hanley, at her home onHigh street, in this city: Mr. andMrs. John Shannon and children, ofCincinnati; Mrs. Mary liyan andchildren, of Georgetown; Mr., andMrs. Frank Sullivan, of Frankfort.(Other Personals on Page 5)oWORLD'S CHRISTIAN CONFERENCE NOVEMBER 9-16.iW jS&Sf AsMy157iHENDRICKS I"THE SCREEN MAN"All Metal Window Screensand Weather StripsHIGGINS MANUFACTURING CO.MAKERS OFWINDOW EQUIPMENTThe third World's Christian Citizenship Conference, which was tohave been held in Pittsburg a yearago, but was postponed on accountof the war, will be held in that cityduring Victory week, November 9-16.Plans are being made to have this,conference the largest of its kind'ever held, and it is expected that no.less than 20,000 persons will vbe inattendance, and that practically,every civilized nation in the world'will be represented.Crl T. M. -San Francisco, Cal. ers Supply Co."RAT-SNAP BEATS THE BEjjST RATTRAP EER MADE." TTIW5EMILY SHAW SAlfS."My husband bought a:2 trap,bought a 5 Op box of RAT-SNArThe trap only caught 3 rats, b:iRAT-SNAP killed 12 in a week" I' xnever withou RAT-SNAP. Reckoncouldn't raise chicks withou , URAT-SNAP coraesi in cakts Yh-AIsizes, 25c, 50c, $1,007Sold and guaranteed "by The Far.Tiadv aug)When y&'u think of Window Screens and WeatherStrips, think of HENDRICKS.When you think of Hendricks, think of WINDOWSCREENS and WEATHER STRIPS.His Name is T. A: HENDRICKSand hfe lives and has offices at264 Rand f Ave., Lexingtorij Ky.Telephone 2585A card simply addressed to 'He!icIricks, the Serpen5 Man," will reach him, as he is the best known screen2 man in Kentucky.Ninety-eight per cent. o the screens in Bourboncounty are Higgins Manufacturing Company make.J Higgins Metal Screens 'and Strips are recognized asJ the best by all good architects.manMM taMMiiiMtMMflA fffmtfiltttttttttj.-9-g g&3-xzmnnmmCoal Coal CoalHave You Talked WithCOLLIER BROS.About Your Winter Coal?Office Opposite Paris Tobacco Cumberland Phone 97Warehouse Home Phone 257iiiiiiiiimiiimmi3iiMiii8iMMMM-MMv.M..T.mfliiilB$90,000STAKESANjDIPURSESr Mb i hh H 1 1 IIhAJHMIM mthe News lob Department is Always Busy."There's a Reason." Work Done Rfsb !kIil" i .,J3ii-,m0f'r-jr"'"iflvr"aSil!'Wirti-t' c?w ""''."-naiionTHKB0TOB01 JTCWfc MHIL MUTlWg irT!TFRIDAY, AUGUST M, Iflf.r -rfJ?Nirijui,f.ViiSiHI':&1nLf1- IDEMOCRATS JLRE GETTING IN' GOOD SHAPE.The cheering news comes from air.along the line that the Democrats of- Kentucky are getting together, and.re united as never before. This isWell for "the boys" are going to have.a fight on their hands in November,&&& the sooner we realize it the bet-- ter -Now. the following from thetemmt Journal sounds good:, "rews ; ttQm &ll sections of' th Qo i' x ,. aQGr&tte party,. the State that the L. uL Ris more united than it has ..years. The recent race left no sore"."spots and everybody is for the ticket.L Governor Black will be one of the. .most popular candidates the Democrats have had in years. Especiallylk this true in the mountain section"of the State. The people know whatJhe has done for them along educational lines and the interest he hasalways taken in his own people. Nogtaan in Kentucky has done more forThe cause of education in the mountains than has Governor Black and"he Toters will not forget this fact inNovember."0 -n""- -r'STRANGE imNGS HAPPENA most remarkable phenomenonwas visible in the skies Mondaynight, witnessed "by and commentedupon by a large number of Paris people who were on the streets. Astreak of jet black clouds about thesize of an ordinary rainbow reachedross the sky from horizon to horizon. The remainder of the sky wasclear and numerous stars were visible. The cloud effect remained inview for about thirty minutes, gradually fading from view. Many persons attributed the unusual sight tothe forest fires raging in the West,the smoke, due to air currents, beingxiriven across the continent, and assuming the shape witnessed by thespectators Monday night.oNARROW-ESCAPE IN ACCIDENTS" Mrs. Nellie Highland and Mrs. N.A. Moore narrowly escaped seriousinjury recently in a collision. Mrs.Highland's "limousine collided at thecorner of Main and Sixteenth streetswith a vehicle driven by a coloredman. The shaft of the buggy andhorse's head were driven through theglass doors of the automobile, showering the broken glass over the occup'ants, hut fortunately not injuringthem.While two boys, sons of UlmanLancaster and W. O. Butler, weredriving a pony cart down Pleasantstreet the animal became frightenedand ran away a distance of severalblocks. The young .lads, pluckilyhe'ld on to the reins until the cartcollided with an automobile in fronto the job printing establishment of- Prank Remington, at the corner ofPleasant and Fourth streets. Theimpact threw the boys out on theirheads, each sustaining slight scalpwounds. Beyond receiving thesewounds and bad scare they were uninjured. The cart was demolished.toREGISTER TUESDAY. SEPT. 2.Those who failed to register intime to vote in the primary electionand who desire to vote in the specialelection on September 6, may register at their voting "booth on Tuesday,September 2. Registration is not necessary in the county precincts.Truck and Cars ForT HireServiceable truck and cars for hireat.- reasonable rates. Taxicab serviceday and night.S. R. HUDNALL,3a'th Phones. At Ruggles Garage., 111111.,Complete formulas and instructions for making at home, rye whiskey, real beer and choicest wines, in-;eluding making and operating home.still. Prepared by men formerly inbrewing and distilling business.Real goods; no substitutes; postoffice rules formulas may lawfully besent through mails. Sent on receiptof 50c check, money order, cash orstamps. Act quick! Bill before Congress, which will prohibit sales ofliquor formulas. vBALTIMORE POEMULA COMPANYt Baltimore, Md.(29-tf)OFmmttlF-PTJLOllODesirable Residence PropertyJEaviiiE moved to Covington, I have placed in the hands ofHaj?is & Speakes my house on Ferguson Street, to sell at publicauctionThursday, September 4th. 1919AT 2 O'CLOCK P. M. .The house consists of six rooms and hall, gas and electric;lifHt8, water upstairs and down, and has been newly papered andpaiiited."TERHS Easy and made known on day of sale.I Sale positive, rain or shine.si ALLIE T. PADGETTHARRIS & SPEAKES,REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSVMr. J. E. Cassidy, of Lexington,purchased recently of Mr. Newt. H.Taylor, of near Paris, a farm of 120acres, located on the Iron Workspike, for $425 per acre. Mr. Taylor bought the farpi last year for?d5 an acre. Mr. Cassidy will begiven prossessiop of the place inAfercb., &20, 'Wm, H, Whaiey, Jr., of Paris,Mr,v eoiahis Morris farm,wno recentilocated on the 1j. ' - - ,. fj&nsjon ofShawTian, to Mr. Henry L. 3r,Harrison county, for $90,000, s. H'ed a very substantial advance overthe original price, which was about$50,000. Several years ago Mr.Whaley purchased the farm, whichcomprises about 307 acres, from Mrs.E. F. Clay, Sr., and her daughters,paying $40,000 for it. Mr. Hensonwill get possession in March.S. D. Mitchell, of Topeka, Kansas,who will raise pure-bred phorthorncattle on the place, was the purchaser Wednesday afternoon of the Bosworth farm of 144 acres on the Versailles pike, near Lexington, ownedhv J tJ. Calhoun. Possession willbe given March 1. Mr. and Mrs. W.H. Railey, of Versailles, maoe mssale.Mr. Mitchell is. a Kentuckiah, hisformer home being at North Middle-town, Bourbon county. For the past jeighteen years, he has operatea aranch in Kansas. Mrs. Mitchell before her marriage was Miss LulaBishop Weaver, of North Middletown.oFIFTH GRADE PUPILS RECEIVEWAR ORPHAN LETTER.Through the generosity of theFifth Grade pupils of the Paris HighSchool, who are in charge of MissesClaire Brannon and Daisy Detwiller,teachers, the hearts of a war widowand her son in France have beenmade glad by the receipt of a contribution under the provisions of theFatherless Children of France Fund.The following letter of acknowledgment was received 'recently:"St. Quen, France."July 28, 1919."Dear Benefactors:"I desire to thank you for thejmoney that I have received for thebenefit of my son. The same waspaid to me to-day, July 27, and I amnot able to express my appreciationfor your gift. I believe that you willknow how to judge of my happinessand accept all the thanks that weare very sincerely sending you formyself as well as my child."Will. you accept, dear henef actors,my thanks and best wishes."H. GUINIER."oTHE BEST INSURANCE.insure your tobacco fin thebarn against Fire and Windstorm withYERKES & PEED,Farmers & Traders Bank.augl5-tf)oNOT A RESIDENT OF BOURBON.A special dispatch to the Lexington Leader, Wednesday, from Shelhyville, stated:"Holland Wells, aged 60, of Paris,committed suicide, by shooting, inundertaking -establishment of hisnephew, Guy S. Wells, here thismorning at 9 o'clock.- Ttfr. Wells came to Shelbyvillelast Monday to -visit his nephew- Hehad been in ill health for some timeand this is supposed to have causedhis -act."Inquiry here and at North Middletown developed the fact that theShelbyville correspondent had beenmistaken as to Mr. Wells being fromParis. He was a native of Nelsoncounty, but for the past six yearshad "been making his home in Miami,Florida, with a "brother, B. B. Wells.oLIST YOUR PROPERTY NOW.SAVE PENALTY.Come in and list your property today, the time limit isnear when a penalty will go on.The law requires you to cometo our office In the CourtHouse. Do it NOW.WALTER CLARK,Tax Commissioner.JNO. J. REDMON,Deputy.(aug8-tf)Real Estate Agents.SaleIN THE SEBVJCE OE THEIRCOUNTRY.fTwo more Bourbon county recruitshave been taken into the service ofUncle Sam in the naval branch.Clarence Ferguson and Sidney O.Taylor, both of Paris, enlisted in thenavy at the Lexington recruitingoffice Tuesday. Taylor has seen active service in the navy on boardone of Uncle Sam's big sea fighters.Recruiting of' men for service inthe, United States army overseas,which was discontinued about amtfntft ago, has been resumed on orders from Washington. Only white-licai5 f&r the infantry and Sigapj" -ns- Are accepted. Enlistmentsol frrnnft m three,yar terms, ther ru? limited to Sooner members of the AmeiC ExpeditionaryForce.Strong endorsement of a bill to gobefore Congress giving all soldiers360 bonus was voieo oy me w,urMothers of Jefferson county at a called meeting at the Tyler Hotel, inLouisville, Wednesday. KentuckyCongressmen and Senatoi-s viil $urged by them to push the measure.Sidney O. Taylor, of Paris, who hasbeen in the navy five years, rated asa water-tender, re-enlisted Wednesday at the Lexington recruiting station.-Clarence Ferguson, of Paris,also enlisted. Both men-were sent toLouisville, Wednesday night, for finalexamination. Taylor has been aI guest for some time at the home ofMrs. Pearl M. Taylor, on Fergusonstreet.Corporal Millard Hornback, ofParis, who has been the overseas service in France for a year, has received his honorable discharge, andhas returned home. Corporal Hornback was a member of the Anmy Signal Corps with the American Expeditionary Forces, located at Tours,France. He is for the present a guestof his sister, Mrs. Pearl Woods, onSouth Main street.Twenty years ago this week fourBourbon county boys, Sol. Current,Wm. H. (Buster) Ward, James (Doc)Manning and Kendall Neal passed acusseful examination for anmy service, and were sent to the Philippines. Current was the only oneof the four to get back alive. Wardbecame Chief of the Municipal Policeat Manila, and died there, while theother two died of disease in armyhospitals.J. E. Mills, traveling recruitingofficer for the U. S. Navy, is spendinga few days in Paris having officialheadquarters at the local postoffice.All branches of the service are nowopen to young men between the agesof seventeen and thirty-five, for enlistment. The war pay has now beenmade permanent, ranging from $32.60 to $110' per month. Mr. Millsinvites the young men of the countyto call on him at the Paris postoffice.Only two (men of the thousands ofthe American Expeditionary Forceswho went' into battle against theGermans remain unaccounted for, according to a casualty list issued bythe War Department. The previouslist showed more than 100 missing inaction.Total casualties now are placed at291,732, with 77,422 deaths from allcauses.Failing to' pass examination for enlistment at tlie Lexington naval recruiting station on account of beingslightly under the legal age, OllieB. Turner, son of Mrs. Elizabeth E.Turner, of West street, in this city,returned home, and put up such agood argument for the mother's consent that he returned happy, arfd wasaccepted for service. He was sentto the Louisville station for final examination. G. Lee Wainscott, of Winchester,will be especially designated by Gov.James D. Black to visit Great Britain, France and Belgium to inspectthe graves of the United States soldiers, especially those from Kentuckywho lost their lives during the war.A report of his observations will bemade to the Chief Executive. Mr.Wainscott has made application for apassport to the countries which heproposes to visit. He expects to sailfrom New York on October 1.A HEAL SATURDAY SPECIAL APOTATO BARGAINNice Northern potatoes at 65 centsper peck to-morrow, Saturday7. Onefree delivery a day. Order early.MRS. ELLIS' CASH GROCERY.BOURBON COUNTY CASES IN APPELLATE COURT.The fall .term of the Court of Appeals will convene at Frankfort, onTVronday, September 15. " The dockethas been prepared by RodmanKeenon, Clerk of the Court. Thecase of Johnson vs. The Commonwealth, from Bourbon, has been setfor hearing on the opening day. Thecase of the Western Union TelegraphCo. vs. Chas. Sf-Brent & Bro.. fromBourbon; is assigned for hearing on Il-RVfrtaV ffoTit 1Q . "V t - 1"rf y rf Xr v V wPARMER ATTACKED BY SOW;While in a lot at his home on theWallis farm, near. Paris, feedinghogs, Mr. John Howard, a tenant,was attacked by a hrood sow. Theanimal bit Mr. Howard in the calfof the leg, inflicting painful injuries. His cries for help broughthis daughter to the scene, who succeeded in lassoing the infuriated animal and dragging it away. A neighboring farmer who was coming tothe rescue was also attacked by thesow, but was not injured. Mr. Howard's wounds were cauterized, andthe sow was placed in solitary confinement. RACING AT LEXINGTON TROTS.-Lovers of racing cannot afford tomiss the Lexington Trots, Septemher 29 to October 11.(26-2t)Nyj. SHO0TING SEASON IS NOWj - "ON."i4 "j parties of hunters will take to thehtelds these August days in the hopes0f securing a fthv ddves.for theirtables-. The season for dove shootingopens next Monday, when the crackof tile sportsman's gun will be heardthrough the length and breadth ofthe land.Under the restrictions of the gamelaws no one is allowed to kill dovesbefore sunrise or after sunset, or tokill more than fifteen in one day.Owing to the scarcity of hemp fieldsthe rendezvous of the birds will be inand near the woodlands, where theyroost at night.oPUBLIC LEBRAHY TO REOPENNEXT TUESDAY.The Paris Public Library, whichhas been closed for several weeks,while the librarian, Miss ImogeneRedmon, was taking a vacation, willreopen next Tuesday afternoon. Theusual hours will be observed, from1:00 to 6:00, and from 7:00 to 8:00p. m.Miss Redmon states that no chargewill be made for books that havebeen out during the tipne the Libraryhas been closed if they are returnedat once. She earnestly requests patrons of the Library to keep the booksclean, as often they the returned ina soiled condition, which detractsfrom their appearance.'. oINFORMATION WANTED.1 Anyone knowing the whereaboutsof Robert Conley is- requested to.communicate with Postmaster J.jwalter Payne. Mr. Payne has animportant letter for him, but has sofar been unable to locate hijin.THE FAIRSpecial Sale Saturday andCourt DayWe have an unusually large stockof summer necessities and are closing them out at special low prices.' Tanglefoot fly paper 1 cent asheet.j: Regular 10-cent fly swatters 5cents.(. Fly traps 10 cents.Daisy fly killers 10 cents.I Wall Paper, about 100 rolls, at 5bents a roll, all have ceilings andborders to match.Semi Porcelain pitchers, 2 quartsize, at 25 cents each.' Beautiful line of 42 piece dinnersets at $6.98.Feather dusters, big 50 cent valueonly 39 cents.T Black darning cotton, 20 yards ona card, 12 cards for 5 cents.Brooms Big Bargains, 4'9 cents.r Hand saw files, worth 10 centseach, 2 for 5 cents.THE FAIRExpertTruss FitterFrom theAmerican Silver TrussCorporation '. . Will be at our storeTuesday and Wednesday: September 2nd and 3rdAll Fittings Free of! Charge.x If you wear a truss of anymake that doea not givesatisf action, call on the "above dates andwe will adjust Same" free ofcharge.Brooks &SnappFRANK &0O.1LADIES' OUTFITTERSf-3-fS.-;5rvf-FALL-SHOWINGOFCOATSSUITSDRESSESSKIRTSWAISTS-'.FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSAutomobile DeliveryIhe Kitchen CabinetijygJlgvjfcygjjL B ' Errr"SL fBi tt. rill ' HFour and One-HalfMillion MealsAre Prepared on Hoosfer KitchenCabinets Each DayYour own meal-time work can be fedaeed to apleasurable minimum by the Hoosief niethod amethod that has been developed by science. It enables you to sit at ease with everything needed beforeyou. You reach instead of walk.A small payment puts any Hoosier model atwork in your kitchen. Small amounts each week soonpay the balance. This ease of purchase leaves ou noexcuse for continued drudgery. Come and selectyour Hoosier soon.A. F. WHEELERFURNITURE CO.MAIN STIEET (Opptsitt Curt Kme) PAlrS, KENTUCKYttthat saves miles of stepsi.fcj, ram, tantirckjrMi?:L;dO-v.-. -."l-t-. - ,. V- ?5IMPERFECT IN ORIGINALI?wmsmm-.K'J.If.5-,,. JfVt - -FRIDAY, AUGUST 2,9, 1919,THE BOTTCBON HEWS; AIB, KtWlCrYf ' "" " ' T 'VW.1- 'FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEATTENTION, FARMERS!Bring in your Seed Wheat andlet us clean it for you. Telephone us and we will arrangeto clean your wheat the sameday it is brought in.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.aug26-tf)oFALL HATS ABE READY.A look in our window will convince you that we have the hat youare going to wear this fall.J. W. DAVIS & CO.UOETH MTDDLETOWN LADIES TOSERVE STJKDAY DtiOER.Dinner will be served at NorthMiddletown, Sunday, August 31, bythe Woman's Bible Class. Hours5 to 7:30. Seventy-five cents a platewill be the charge. Proceeds to go tothe Orphan's Home.This will be the last dinner servedby the North Middletown women.They promise it will be a good one,and solicit your patronage.'KENTUCKY RIVER EXCURSIONThe excursion to Frankfort andthe steamer trip up the Kentuckyriver given Wednesday by the Sunday School of the Paris Baptistchurch, was well patronized, about175 from the city and county making the trip. The party visited theold and new State Capitol buildings,where they were warmly welcomedhy the State officials. They also visited the State Reformatory.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.MELONS ON ICE.Fine juicy watermelons and sweetcanteloupes on ice at all times. Letus have your order if you want thebest.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.oJOHN DEEBE MOWERS ARE BESTASK YOUR NEIGHBORSJohn Deere Mowers are the best.Ask your neighbor and let us showyou one before you buy.(It) FARMERS SUPPLY CO.. oCOLD WAVE OVER COUNTRYWILL SOON PASS AWAY.The cool wave extending over thecountry east of the Mississippi Riverand which is almost unprecedentedfor this time of the year, probablywill continue for a day or two, itwas said at the Weather Bureau. Itresults from high, pressure over thePlains States.Richmond, Va., reported a minimufm temperature of 54 degrees, onedegree below the -previous low record for August.SWIMMING CONTEST AT THE "Y"The Women's Committee on Swimming at the Y. M. C. A. has sent theFrankfort Y. M. C. A. and the Lexington Y. W. C. A. an invitation tocome to Taris on September 8th fora friendly swimming' contest. An attractive program has been arrangedand it is "hoped that these organizations will be able to accept the invitation. It is also the hope of thecommittee that the contest will proveso successful that it can be made anannual event.Locally there is (much interest 'being manifested among the womenand Paris is sure to capture some ofthe ribbons in the contest. MissesElizabeth Crutcher, Harriet Rogersand J0pbjne Fithian are handlingthe contest,6INSURE YOUR TOBACC& INTHE BARN;Best fire ItfeiiraHce on tobaccoin. the fcarn'. Prompt settlements'. .Thomas, Vtloodford & Bryan.(aug29-5t)VAN BRUNT WHEAT DUILLSATFARMERS SUPPLY COMPANYIf you want the best Wheat Drillsmade, take a look at the Van Bruntat the(It) FARMERS SUPPLY CO.o, GOOD LUCK ATTEND HIM.After a faithful service of twoyears as Secretary of the BourbonCounty Y. M. C. A., Mr. Z. L. Wilcox, who resigned his position sometime ago, has gone to new nems uiwork.Accompanied by his family, Mr.Wilcox left Wednesday night forDavenport, Iowa, where they will reside in the future. As a testimonialMr. and Mrs. C. N. Reccius, ofLouisville, are visiting relatives nearClintonville.Miss Hallie Mann has returnedfrom a visit to friends and relativesin Muncie, Indiana.Mrs. J. A. Gilkey has returnedfrom a visit to her sister, Mrs. A. T.Montgomery, in Des Moines, Iowa.Miss Edna Huffman has returnedto her home in Covington, after avisit to friends and relatives in thiscity.Mr. . T. Gaines has returned tohis home in Elkhart, Indiana, after avisit to his niece, Mrs. Letcher Kash,in this city.Miss Kate Forrester has returned to her home in Chicago, after avisit to friends and relatives in thiscity and county.Misses Anna and Eleanor Wallace have returned to their home inMaysville, after a visit to friends inParis and Millersburg.Miss Maude Taylor is a memberof the house party being entertainedby Miss Catherine Carrol, at herhome near Cynthiana.Miss Sarah Stephenson, of nearParis, attended the reunion of Morgan's Men at Olympian Springs, Wednesday and yesterday.Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Bryant, ofParis, Texas who have been guestsof Mr. and Mrs. T. J. Woodall, havereturned to their home.Mr. W. C. Stipp, Misses SarahStephenson and Frances Kenney, ofnear Paris, have gone to OlympianSprings for a short stay.Miss Reba Lockhart has returned frojm New York, where she hasbeen attending the summer sessionat the Columbia University.Mr. B. B. King, of Lincolncounty, is visiting his daughter, Mrs.Fishback, and grand-daughters Mrs.C. H. Huffman, and Mrs. M. J. Stern.Miss Cora Lee is a guest of Mr.and Mrs. Don C. Edwards, at London, Ky., and is attending the Laurelcounty fair, in progress there thisweek.Mr. Sim B. Levy, of Paris, is visiting his parents in Sioux City, Iowa.This is the first visit Mr. Levy has(made to his old home in thirteenyears.Mr. and Mrs. James B. Clarkehave returned to their home nearParis, after a stay at CarlsbadSprings, at Dry Ridge, in Grantcounty.Miss Ruth Feld, daughter of Mr.and Mrs. David Feld, of Paris, hasreturned home from an extended visitto friends and relatives in Chicagoand Indianapolis.Miss Mary Adoie McAllister, ofLexington, is at the Massie MemorialHospital, recovering rapidly from anoperation. Attending physician was.Dr. M. J. Stern.Miss Anna Lee Hatfield, of NorthMiddletown, is a patient at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city,where she recently underwent an operation for appendicitis.Prof. Lee Kirkpatrick, Superintendent of the Paris Public Schools,will deliver an address in Falmouthto-day in the interest of the illiteracy campaign, and will speak in thesame cause at Warsaw to-morrow.Miss Mildred Bruce, of Millersburg, entertained with a card partyThursday afternoon in honor of MissMecLona Butler, of Millersburg,whose wedding to Mr. Ireland Davis,of Paris, will be solemnized Monday.Mr. H. H. Floyd, manager of theCumberland Telephone Co., at thispoint, left Wednesday morning for athree-weeks' stay at Petoskeyf Michigan, where he hopes to get relieffrom an attack of hay, fever. Mrs.Floyd and son, "Petie," will spendthe time with her Bister, Mrs, W. C.Woertz, in North Vernon, Indiana.Mr. and Mrs. Monroe Leer, ofnear Jacksonville, entertained with adinner party Wednesday evening inhonor of Miss MecLona Butler, ofATiiiorahur&r. The guests were: Mr,and. Mrs, Monroe Leer, Miss MecLonaButler. Miss Aelta m Wilson, MissMary Louise Bruce, Miss Stella Bruce,of Virginia; Messrs. James Lail, BenHouston, Albert Hawes and F. Ireland Davis. A delicious luncheonwas served, comprising old countryhajm, fried chicken "and everything.Richmond Register: "Miss Marie Bennett spent the week-end withMiss Nancv Berbee Wilson, at Paris.Mrs. Hattie Mansfield and grand- jdaughter, Miss Edna Ray Barnettare visiting friends and relatives atParis Mr. Z. T. Rice spent Sunday with relatives in Paris Master William Arnold, Jr., is at homefrom North Middletown, whete nehas been attending school MissFlorence Dick, of North Middletovjn,is the guest of Mrs. W. L. Arnold, onLancaster avenue.'"'Misses R.uby and Drusie Frakes,entertained Tuesday night at theirhome on the Clintonville pike, nearParis, in honor of their house guests,turned to their homes, Miss Lawlessremaining for a longer visit.Miss Mabel Templin has asguest Miss Lucy Runter, of Winchester. Mrs. Luther Rice, Miss AlmaRice and Mrs. Lee R. Henry havegone to Dawson Springs to remainseveral days.Mr. A. Stern, of the Fair Store,was in Cincinnati yesterday on a business mission.Mrs. Fred Link and daughter,Miss Hazel, are attending the Ger-mantown Fair, and visiting relativesin Mason county.Miss Helene Woodhead has returned to her home in Cynthiana, after a visit to Miss Katherine Duncan, on Second street.Mrs. Drake Vaughn and littledaughter have returned to Winchester after a visit to her parents, Mr.and Mrs. Sam Willis, in this city.Miss Margaret Bell, who hasbeen a guest of her aunt, Mrs. PearlM. Taylor, on Ferguson street, willreturn this morning to her home inDetroit, Mich.Mr. and Mrs. John Sauer andfamily, who have been in the Westfor some time, making a tour of California and other States, are expected hofme to-morrow.Local members of the BarrowBase Hospital Unit No. 40, have received invitations to attend a danceto be given at the Phoenix Hotel, inLexington, on the night of September 6.Mr. Robert Shea will go to Lexington, Monday, to "assume his newposition with Graddy, Ryan & Co.,clothiers. He will be succeeded atMitchell & Blakemore's by Mr. Russell Clayton.Mr. W. R. Blakemore returnedyesterday from a visit in Chicago.Mr. Blakemore was a member of theParis camping party at Little Current, in Canada, and stopped over inChicago for a visit.Mr. and Mrs. Benj. Woodfordhave issued invitations to a dance to"he given at the Masonic Temple, inthis city, in honor of their guests,Misses Weimer, of Ann Arbor, Mich.,and Spears, of Des Moines, Iowa.Mrs. Rona Webb, who has beena guest of her sister, Mrs. F. S.Elder, Mr. Elder and family, in thiscity, for some time, will leave Tuesday for her home in St. Petersburg,Fla. She will be accompanied by herniece, Miss Rosina Elder, who willspend the winter with her.Mr. Newton H. Taylor, Jr., awell-known and popular youngBourbon county farmer, has gone toKeokuk, Iowa, to accept a positionwith the business firm of which his."brother-in-law, Mr. Forrest Eyre, isa member. Mr. Taylor is a son of Mr.and Mrs. Newton H. Taylor, of nearParis.Secretary C. B. Harrison, of theY. M. C. A., has received word fromM. M. Sheffield, the Boys' Secretary,that he will arrive Saturday. Mr.Sheffield at the present time is attending the Y. M. C. A. SummerSchool at Silver Bay, New York.Mr. Sheffield will, have charge of theboys and assist in the general workof the Association.Misses Alberta and Anne WareMyers entertained with a partyTuesday ngiht at their home on Mt.Airy avenue, in honor of their guests,Misses Elizabeth Carter, Louisville,Thelma Blunt, Sharpsburg, andHelen Woodhead, Cynthiana. Thelawn was tastefully decorated withJapanese lanterns. Games and dancing were enjoyed, after which theguests were served with ices andcake. The following guests attended: Misses Elizabeth Carter, (Louisville), Thelma Blunt, (Sharpsburg),Helen Woodhead, (Cynthiana), MaryFrances Campbell, Nellie Case, (Cincinnati), Ethel McPheeters, LouiseRedmond, Willa Redmon, Anna MaeYoung, Elizabeth' Lilleston, MaryHeath May, Catherine Duncan, AliceMcClintock, Anne Rutherford Duncan, Mamie Lee Baldwin, Louise Colliver, Mary Louise Collier, RuthWheeler, Elizabeth Wheeler, FavolaDundon, Dorcas Williams, EjiililyFithian, Almeta Morrison, VirginiaHancock, Miss Champe, and AnneWare and Alberta Myers; Messrs.i Harry Lake, (Millersburg), J. MillerDundon, Bobbie Dalzell, Reid sisnop,J. T. Redmonds Raymond Mappin.Keller Larkin, Jack Lair, Ed. DranePatton, Gayle Brown, Sam Martin,Edward Martin, (Millersburg),Houston Jacoby, Robert Frank,Rauph Connell, Geo. Dundon, YutakaMinakuchi, James Roland, WilliamMason, Ralph Becraft, Robert Smith,A. T. Rice,(Other Personals bn Page 6.)Ill..":One-Dollar Sale!On Thursday, Friday and SaturdayAugust 28, 29 and 30armWe will offer a $1 .OO sale of the following IJbItems:i ?Tf4 yards Hope Muslin $1 00$1.00$1.00$1.00$1.005 yards 25c CrashFor4 yards 35c ChalliesFor A4 yards 35c CretonnesFor .$2.00 Billie BurkesForOne lot American Lady Corsets 1 flflWorth up to $3.00, each tJMo W6 Ladies' Sleeveless Vests M ft A25c quality, for P V VFHARRY SIMON!::.jfj ' MmiVMLTWZW"mmMmWml BWSzSffZfmmm-rAs wWTh&ievJU scon needOur Furvure.ifx'- vow vou neea scmeOW4?'-4of the high esteem m which tneyhelcl him, the Board of Directors oftJiA institution presented Mr. Wilcoxwith, a purse containing one hundred! Misses Grace Myers, Beatrice Cray-. . . . idollars. The Sunday Scnooi ciass neitaught in the Preshyteriau churchgave him a purse of fifty dollars, and.a like present was made him by the'"dorpiitory men" of the Y. M. C. A.Mr. Wilcox leaves Paris with the sincere good wishes of all who knewhim: and certainly those of the press.who are under 'obligations for many I Hal Hudnall and, Elgincourtesies gfcown tnem.GOOD THINGS TO EAT EOH SUN-Hrt)N SALE TO-DAY AOTT0-MOHR0W.Fresh rolls, beaten biscuits, cakes.. -i r lmma-nnncn simiiiand all Kinas 01 uuuw-i.w.- ---things to eat on sale to-day ana tomorrow for Sunday dinner ana comlunches. One delivery a day. Bringthe cash and we will save youmoney. ..MRS. ELLIS' CASH UKUUiunx.AOTUMN STYLES TO BE VERY. SENSATIONALcraft and Elizabeth Lawless, of Carlisle. Refreshments were served atthe close of the evening. The guestswere: Misses Jennie Bramel, Florence Bramel, 'Katherine Brooks,Willie Mae Frakes, Elizabeth Hudnall: Mesar. Coleman. Williams, LeoKerns, Will Hudnall, Frank -Kerns,Misses Myers and Craycraft have re-jMiss HomeloVer; . -If you are going to get married or if any ofyour friends are going tr get married ybii wi!iv findour store the store you need. We can help youfurnish your home or help you select a suitableWedding gift for your friends.Our furniture and rugs are of the BESTQUALITY, latest in design and pattern andvwe' sell them for LOW PRICES. 'You cant be disappolntejcfin our.s.tore. j "'"&' -. . . .:, jx,AfndiRtes announce that the Parisautumn styles are most sensational.The designs call for a greater area 01back exposure than ever before andskirts are to reach but little belowthe Jcnees. Lingerie designs are in 'tAPnine- wittf those of tfce outer garments and the costumes, as a wxiuic, ,Va guaranteed to enable tKe wearers Ito economize -in trunk space. ,rl5'-"-t '-39 1.''- j ;.vvTHE J. T. HINTOJV GO.EITHERPHONEX PARK, KENTUCKY SIXTH AND MAIN'Motor Hearse Mtor Invalid Coach Undertaking-mt-IXIXI'S.-XIKI'taIIXIXIXIXIXIiXiJN:.-V-s 'w.rFvri ytpriday; august 25, iiifcTHE BOTOBOH HEWS, PARIS, OHTTJCKTPA6ttli..Jnrmrsr-( rw'. -JKREi 413y-'--r-J',r-. r" - -j ---- - - . .MiNII11 4iui iiIt unfc-uOLD AGE STARTSWITH YOUR KIDNEYSScience says that old age begrlns with-weakened kidneys and digestive organs.This being true, it is easy to believeMit by keeping the kidneys and digestive organs cleansed and in properTrorking" order old age can be deferredand life prolonged far beyond that enjoyed by the average person.For over 200 years GOLD MEDALiHa&xlem Oil lias been relieving theweaknesses and disability due to advancing years. It is a standard oldtime home remedy and needs no introttiction. GOLD MEDAL Haarlem Oil isfeclosed in odorless, tasteless capsulescontaining about 5 drops each. Taketkezn as you would a pill, with a smallswallow of water. The oil stimulatesthe kidney action and enables theorgans to throw off the poisons whichcause premature old age. New life andstrength increase as you continue thetreatment. When completely restoredcontinue taking a capsule or two eachday. GOLD MEDAL Haarlem Oil Capsules will keep you in health and vigorand prevent a return of the disease.Do not wait until old age or diseasehave settled down for good. Go to yourdruggist and get a box of GOLDMEDAL Haarlem Oil Capsules. Moneyrefunded if they do not help you. Threesizes. But remember to ask for theoriginal imported GOLD MEDAL brand.i In sealed packages.HKJKJmjrs7JKJWfllK!leaticky Gets 429 AutosSurplus Army Material AllottedWASHINGTON, Aug. 28. AfterSecretary of Agriculture Houston, inresponse to a resolution passed bythe Senate last month, directing himto report on the quantity and de-SPECIALSFor This WeekWASH SKIRTSSlightly Soiled98cValues up to $3.00 and -$4.00HATS98cEvery Hat Must Go.Ladies' White CottonHose15c PairMuslin Underwear Reducedscription of war material, equipmentand supplies, particularly the number and description of cars, trucksand tractors, which will be requiredby State highway departments forroad construction with Federal aid,has sent a letter to the Senate detailing this information.This letter points out that the Secretary of War has declared 24,000motor trucks available for distribution, also 1,075 Ford touring carsand 550 used passenger cars of otherTY13.K6SOf the 24,000 motor trucks, Secretary Houston points out that a total,of 20,519 have been allotted to Statehighway departments, and the entirenumber of Ford and other used carslikewise have been allotted.Kentucky's allotment of this material, it was learned, embrace429 cars. The Kentucky Road Department is to have the use, according to the information obtainedfrom Secretary Houston, of 107trucks of the first class; forty-seventrucks of the second class; seventynine trucks of the third class; 167After the young man has paid theluxury tax on the ice cream soda hehasn't the penny'left to offer her forher thoughts.TWIN BROS.Department Store7th and Main Paris, KyNO MORE RATS!or mice, after you use RAT-SNAP.It's a sure rodent killer. Try apackage and prove it. Rats killedwith RAT-SNAP leave no smell. Catsor dogs won't touch it. Guaranteed.25c. size (1 cake) enough forPantry, Kitchen or Cellar.50c. size (2 cakes) for ChickenHouse, Coops, or small buildings.$1.00 size (5 cakes) enough forall farm and out-buildings, storagebuliding, or factory buildings.Sold and Guaranteed by FarmersSupply Co. (8-4tF)GERMANS IHTBIGUING IK MEXICO AND SOUTH AMERICARevelation of extensive Germanplots in Mexico during the war,which included a proposed invasionof the United States by a GermanMexican anmy of 45,000 men at thesame time that the Germans launched their last drive on the westernfront in July, 1918, was made inNew York by the National Association for the Protection of AmericanRights in Mexico, which gave out astatement by Dr. P. B. Altendorf,formerly of the United States Military Intelligence Department, reciting his experience as an Americansecret service agent in that country.Dr. Altendorf, the son of a Polishbanker in Cracow, Austrian Polandabandoned a medical course in theUniversity of Vienna at the outbreak of the war and fled to Mexicowhere he was offered a position as aGerman spy to operate against theUnited States by Kurt Jahnke, headof the German secret service in Mexico. "With pretended reluctance, butwith secret joy I accepted," he said,"and at once found myself in a position to render valuable service to theAllies in general and to the UnitedStates in particular."He opened communication with theborder as a volunteer worker to theMilitary Intelligence Department, heclaims, and was later sworn in as aspecial agent of the Military Intelligence Department.The association states that it hasinvestigated his claims and thatBrigadier General MarlboroughChurchill, the head of the MilitaryIntelligence Department, "spoke interms of the highest praise of thezeal and trustworthyness of Dr.Altendorf and the great value to theservices he rendered."In addition to explaining his activities in Mexico, Dr. Altendorf warnsthe people of the United Statesagainst a proposed German commercial conquest of Mexico."Within six months after theUnited States ratifies the treaty ofpeace," he says, "Germany will havecomplete economical control of Mexico. Within a very few years, if theyare permitted to carry out the plansthey have formulated and are now executing as rapidly as they can, theGermans will be absolute economic,political and military control ofLatin-America with headquarters inMexico."ninniiBKKBmHnnuDess ii Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsteMLni&& M&r"--: - H- r- -rr-r iSPS"-ii 'SATISFACTIONXIXXIX xTelephone No. 4 West Fifh StreetIXIXIXIXIaa1XOUR WATCHWORD! 1w3F? f I - VggpV With all the latest improveas8?.,. .P merits in laundry appliancesand expert helpers" we are gprepared to do work infe- 1rior to none, and solicit xyour patronage. - IX1The Bourbon Laundry jj'XXIParis. Kentnr.kv X!Vvvvvv;vvVMV jTLEMON JUICELFOR FRECKLESt . iGirls! Make beauty lotion iora few cents Try It!Squeeze the juice of two lemonsinto a bottle containing three ouncesfo orchard white, shake well, andyou have a quarter pint of the hestfreckle and tan lotion, and complexion tjeautifier, at very, verysmall cost.Your grocer has the lemons andany drug store or toilet counterwill supply three ounces of orchardwhite for a few cents. Massagethis sweetly fragrant lotion into theface, neck, arms and hands each dayand see how freckles and blemishesdisappear and how clear, soft androsy-white the skin becomes. Yes!It is harmless and never irritates.(aprl8-tf-F)KENTUCKY RACING DATESMM I IMIMt 14 HtHHt4H4IHtiIHH MHMIH Ml1 The J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND EMBAtMERSMainand SixthStreetsParis Ky.Day phone 36rMiKht : . . 56or Home 286Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourX Limousine Invalid Coach.Hoarse used for funeral purposes only.I.,, i. J. , j"(' "m5faaaa fSre3F'.The following are the official racing dates for the fall season in Kentucky:Lexington Saturday, September13, to Saturday, September 20; sevendays.Louisville (Churchill Downs )-Thursday, October 23, to Saturday,November 1; nine days.Latonia Wednesday, September24, to Saturday, October 18, twenty-oA TRAVELING MAN'S EXPERIENCEYou may learn something from thefollowing by "W. H. Ireland, a traveling salesman of Louisville, Ky. "Inthe summer of 18 8 I had a severeattack of cholera morbus. I gave thehotel porter fifty cents and told him'to buy me a bottle of Chamberlain'sColic and Diarrhoea Remedy and totake no substitute. I took a doubledose of it according to the directionsand went to sleep. At five o'clock thenext morning I was called by my order and took a train for my nextstopping place, a well man."(adv-aug)If street car steps will have to belowered to accommodate milady'snewest skirt, it wouldn't seem to begetting on very well.ujnmMHiinttfiT",""'",',,'",t'"""mrRATS PI E!so do mice, once they eat RATSNAP. And they leave no odor behind. Don't take our word for ittry a package. Cats and dogs won'ttouch it. Rats pass up all food toget RAT-SNAP. Three 'sizes.25c. size (1 cake) enough forPantry, Kitchen or Cellar.50c. size (2 cakes) r ChickenHouse, coops, or small buildings.$1.00 size (5 cakes) enough forall farm and- out-buildings,building, or factory buildings.Sold and 9 . .DageETAOIN AONNf Sold and Guaranteed by FarmersSupply Co. (8-4tF)'Royal Cord 'Nobby' 'Chain' 'Usco' 'Plain?'?sVlV -..tfWe Vouch for TheiriOf all the tires that are made,why do you suppose weprefer to sell United StatesTires?44Because they are made bythe biggest rubber companyin the world. And they knowhow to build good tares.They have choice of materials, they have immensefacilities, they empldyimanyexclusive methodsThey can go to greaterlengths in testing improvingand perfecting the things thatmake good tires. ,We find it good business tosell United StatesTires.And you will find it goodbusiness to buy them. Thesarehere-a tire for every needUnited StatesTiresare Good TiresWe KNOW United States Tires are good tires. That's why we sell them.PARIS GARAGE (Eugene Roberts) Paris, Ky.RUGGLES MOTOR CO .'...! Paris, Ky.MJXLERSBURG HARDWARE C0 . Mfflersliraig, Ky.J. W. MITCHELL & SOU North Middletown, Ky.I JaJt:ZLill!J12KENTUCKY EATBS.i ii if" m wFollowing is a list of the Kentuckyfairs and their dates so faf as' hav,eheen reported to us: KSeptember 8 Kentucky State' Fair,Louisville, 6 days. 'August 27 Florence, 4d"aya. ,September 1 Blue Grass Fair,iexington, 6 days.. September 2 SomerSet; HUysrV;:X;GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentJ: - BOTH PHONES -DAY 137; NIGHT 299 .Corntr Fifth and Ptasant Streets, Paris,' Ky.Hi::IXtxaiiMS'&s-i'v'w.rohwkm . i,-, j, 1 1 jwrui -.. ? , ' , -Av, , nitKifwm-mmm-iit.4 w. ?-VV- k " I t - ' " . . ' V " 'jr: FRIDAY, AUGUST 29, 1919.-THE BOTTRBON NEWS,paws, nmttdrf . : ,:V- . n " Jm!flir; &- : - .AwAetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityAnd OtherCasualtiesA. J. FEEAGENTHOMEPRESIDENT WILSON MAKES APPEALASKS FOR TRUCE IN WAGE DEMANDSWASHINGTON, August 26. President Wilson- issuedappeal to the nation Monday:My Fellow Citizens A situation has arisen in connection with theadministration of the railways which is of such general significance thatI think it ray. duty to make a public statement concerning it, in order thatthe whole country may know what is involved."The railroad shopmen have demanded a large increase in wages. Theyfire r.fow receiving 58, 63 and 68 cents per hour. This demand has beengiven careful and serious consideration by the board which was constitutedby the Railroad Administration to adjust questions of wages, a board consisting of an equal number of representatives of employes and of the operating managers of the railroad companies. This board has been unable tocome to an agreement, and it therefore has developed upon the DirectorGeneral of Railroads and myself to act upon merits of the case.i.- i? e shPmen urSe tnat they are entitled to higher wages because ofLue ingiiei wages lor tne present received by men doing a similar work inKILLEDMEATSVealiPorkBeefLambIt's the BestTo Be Had14 -J -MflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketBRIGHTEREVENINGS9Nothing adds to the pleasurespfahome, or makes life moreworth living, than a well fllurp.isS&ted bouse.useGlectricjtyTor LightingIt's the oply satisfactory way.tlse Setsformating and CookingIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix You UpFor the Use of BothElectricity ind Gas.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)smpyaras, navy yards and arsenals as well as in a nuhieber of private industries, but i concur with the Director General in thinking that there is nobasis of comparison between the settled employment afforded mechanicsby the railroad under living conditions as various as the location and surroundings of the railway shops themselves and the fluctuation employmentafforded m industries exceptionally and temporarily stimulated by the warand located almost without exception in industrial centers where the cost ofliving is highest.Cost Of Living At Its Peak."The substantial argument which the shopmen urge is the very seriousincrease in the cost of living. This is a very potent argument, indeed. Butthe fact is that the cost of living has certainly reached its peak and willprobably be lowered by the efforts which are now everywhere being concerted and carried out. It certainly will be lowered soon as there are settled conditions of production and of commenrce, that is so soon as the treatyof peace is ratified and in operation, and merchants, manufacturers, farnvers and miners all have a certain basis of calculation as to what their business will be and what the conditions will be under which it must be conducted., The demands of the shopmen, therefore, and all similar demawfe, arein effect this: That we make increase in wages, which are. likely t.Oj be permanent, in order to meet a temporary situation which will last nobody cancertainly tell how long, but in all probability only for a limited time. Increases in wages will, moreover,, centainly- result in still f urthejr increasingthe cost of production, and, threforeV the cost of living, a.ud we shall onlyhave to go through the. same process again."Any substantial increase of wages in leading lines of industry at thistime would utterly crshhS general campaign which the government iswaging, with energy" yigBr la;nd substantial hope of success, to reduce thehigh cost of liv&ff ' J And. 'the increases in the .wages of railway employeeswould more certainly and more immediately have that effect than any otherenhanced wage, costs. Only by keeping the cost of production on its presentlevel, bj: increasing production and oy rigid economy and saving on the partof he people can. we hope, for. large decreases in the burdensome cost pfliving which now "Weighs ns down,. --" -" "v N9 Timq For Higher Rates,'The Director General df Railroads and I hv p1f W i! Zsponsibility rests upon us because in determining this question we are notstudying me oaiance sneers ii corporaiaons merely. We are, in effectdetermining the burden of taxation which must fall upon the people of thecountry in general. We are acting, hot for private corporations, but in thename of the government and the public, and must assess our responsibilityaccording. For it is neither wise nor feasible to take care of increases inthe wages of railroad employees at this time by increases in freight rates."It is impossible at this time, until peace has come and normal conditions are restored, to estimate what the earning capacity of the railroadswill be when ordinary conditions return. There is no certain basistherefore, for calculating what thex increases of freight rates should be, and it isnecessary, for the time being at any rate, to take care of all increases in thewages of railway employees through appropriations from the public Treasury "In such circumstances, it seems clear .to me, and I believe will seemclear to every thoughtful American, including the shopmen themselves,when they have taken a- second thought, and to all wage earners of everykind, that we ought to postpone questions of this sort until n,omal CQd.Utions come aeain and we have the onnortunitv for certain 'calculations asto the relation between waees and the cost of livincr. It is the duty as to .eyerv citizen of the country to insist upon a truce, n s,ueh contests until intelligent settlements can be made."I appeal to my fellow citizens of every employment to co-operate ininsisting upon and maintaining such a truce and to co-operate also in sustaining the government in what I ccoeiye to be the only course which conscientious public servants can p,$se7 Demands unwisely made and passionately insisted upon at fa, tlm.e menace the peace and prosperity of thecountry as nothing el?i e.QuV& an4 thus contribute to bring about the veryresults which such demands re intended to remedy.-- ?!Sed To Eight-Hour Wage Scale."There is, however, one claim made by the railway shopmen whichought to be met! They claim that they are not enjoying the same advantages that other railroad employees are enjoying because their wages arecalculated upon a different basis. The wages of other railway employeesare based upon the rule that they are to receive for eight hours work thesame pay they received for the longer work day that was the-usual standardof the pre-war period."This claim is, I am told, well founded ; and I concur in the conclusionof the Director General that the shopmen ought to be given the additionalfour cents an hour which the readjustment asked for will justify. Thereare certain other adjustments, also, pointed out in the report of the Director General, which ought in fairness to be made, and which will be made."Let me add, also, that the position which the government must in conscience take acrainst the creneral increases in wage levels while th presentI exceptional and temporarily circumstancs exist will, of course, not precludetne xvaiiroau vunuumtrabiuii -Liuiu jlvI"6 hviiji iu ciAi. wwoiu.i..uauain jTiv Maims that mav be made bv other classes of employees for readpst-ments believed to be proper to secure impartial treatment for all who work Im tne ranway eiviuu. .--.-- ..'- -'-' n 'T: - .., "WOODROW WILSON,"The White. House, August 25, idi9."the following MBlNl 11 a 1 ILXl V7 , -X . iJ I fin t Bf M h1 g n 1 11 liintiiaw i 'immm nm: HPvlfc.- rT3P,nStH 'jHi"I HI lin IIMMIMna u.NO use arguing about it, or making chin-music in aminor key! If youVe got the jimmy-pipe or cigarette makin's notion cornered in your smokeappetite, slipit a few liberal loads of Prince Albert!Boiled down to regular old been-us-man-talk,Prfie Albert kicks the "mgfi right out of a pipe!Ppi CTS pleasure into th &puris-a-day joy'us class!jVIakes carette rolling ijfcfe toppiesfpf sports! P. A. is sofragrant'; 9 fagc.S in x$?f. freshing!FilHce Albert can't bite you? tongue or parch your- " Voy go as fef as, you like according to your smokespSt! ' Our exclude patented Pess cuts put bite andparch!Toppy red bags, tidy red tint, handsome pound and half-pound tinhumidors and that classy, practical pound crystal glass humidor withsponge moist ener top that keeps the tobacco in wch perfect condition.R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company, Winston-Salem, N. C.1920Model K-46pcr" 1 m m -1 -L4l B 1 HHHHJBHBJ HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHs-1- va- -Jmh' &..&?- Rs.wwrtS. fJMS-'tJit.--Tfr ,"Hk.tBuicliLTouiing Coupe.S35 iy 't3p!&&i- .-j-; XeMSKiMbH-fcvrr-A GREAT REMEDY.The merits of Chamherlain's Colicand Diarrhoea Remedy are wellknown and appreciated, but there isoccasionally a man who had no acquaintance with them and shouldread the following by F. H. Dear, ahotel man at Dupuyer, Mont. "Fouryears ago I used Chamberlain's Colicand Diarrhoea Remedy with suchwonderful results that I have sincerecommended it to my friends."A MAN AND HIS WIFENAVY "GOBS" TO SECEITO HONORABLE DISCHARGEmay both derive satisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are 'effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.j A phone brings us.LEVY, THE DRYCumberland Phone 40CLEANERHome Phone 169WOOD, STUBBS & COMPANY7 CUMULATIVE PREFERRED STOCKFrsCerred as to assets and dividends Annual Sinking Fund payments of10 of net earnings will be used to purchase Preferred Stock at not over130 and accrued dividend.Nrt earnings for past three years have averaged over four times dividendrequirements on this stock.Net quick assets equal $131 per share on all Preferred Stock, and total netassets equal $259 per share.PRICE lOO. Special Circular on RequestJAMES C. WILLSON & CO.210 S. Fifth Street, LOUISVILLE, KY.Honorahle discharges WiH begranted to all men who served in theNavy during the war with Germanywith good records and who havesince been released with "ordinary"discharges, it was announced at theNavy Department. By a rule of thedepartment, at the tijme jthe armistice was signed all enlisted men discharged before the expiration of thefull four-year term of enlistmentwere given ordinary discharges instead of the usual honorable discharges. Many protests 'were received as a result and congressional action recently was taken to allow theawarding of honorable discharges.Ordinary discharges may be exchanged for honorable discharges byforwarding the original discharge tothe Navy Department, bureau of navigation. The ruling includes allmen who served in the Navy withgood records between April 6, 1917,and November 11, 1918, and whohave since been discharged..THEBUICK Model K-Six-46 is a true Coupe model, wittfpermanent sides and roof, an exceptionally wide body, andits gracefiii contour eliminates all open spaces betcenthebody and fendersL JFrom hc gutsjde, the topeargnce ofhe par is jtoWjraSisli and well-balance J but tfrre has'been ncr sacrifice of interior head room. The fear feversJK& S?w HJ designXwith touring 6af rtfhning boards. TojJI wtodpw casings and sashes, are fully metal covered,eliminating the possibility of checks and open joints.The deeply Upholstered interior is finished in a new and improvedfabric, without bindings. Back of the driver'seat is a carrying space,with another in the rear deck. Electric side lamps are mounted on thecowl and a dome illuminates the interior. The double-latch doorsmay be locked from the outside.!M&mmm ri sl-N"vf'.CATABHH CANNOT BE CUREDWith local applications, as theycannot reach the seat of the disease.Catarrh is a local disease, greatly influenced by constitutional conditions,and in order to cure to cure you musttake an internal remedy. Hall's Catarrh Medicine is taken Internallyand acts through the blood on themucous surfacea of the system. Hall'sCatarrh Medicine was prescribed byone of the best physicians in thiscountry for years. It is composed ofsome of the best tonics known, combined with some of the best bloodpurifiers. The perfect combination ofthe ingredients in Hall's CatarrhMedicine is what produces such wonderful results in catarrhal conditions.Send for testimonials, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,. ,Toledo, OhiovHall!s Family" Pills for constipation. (adv-aug)raoa;ias"?rvn:.r.When Better Automobiles Are Built BUICK Will Build ThemC. S. BALL 04RA0CFourth and Pleasant Streets,A successful experiment in peanutcultivation on the Euphrates River,in Mesopotamia has been accomplished.KILLS RATS!and mice that's RAT-SNAP, the oldreliable rodent destroyer. Comes incakes no mixing with other food.Your money back if it fails.25c size (1 cake) enough forPantry, Kitchen or Cellar.50c. size (2 cakes) for ChickenHouse, coops, ir small buildings.$1.00 size (5 cakes) enough forill farm and out-buildings, storagebuildings, or factory buildings.Sold and Guaranteed by FarmersSupply Co. 4 (8-4tF)The Home Telephone Your ServantFor Only a Few Cents Per Dayalways onUay'or Sgt"1 He to lite' Wllg iHtaftH,1"rl? ?sUinUZ present to you the grocer, butcher, baker or 117 Cthe trades-folks, or the doctor, fire department or police inHe will go far beyond the confines of the town and bring to you k,amazingly short time a member of the family or one of your good rTpective customers. 9 WK-He will summons the railroad, boat or theatre ticket in a Hwonds. . "And as to wages, fie wiU only cost you in residence from' Sr to Seday; in place of business from 10 to 12c per day. .Paris Home Telephone Telegra)hCompany(IncoiJ. X veatch, Distnctlaier. V .orated)W. H. Caaaoa, LoaliIiHi!tft!-HJT;34TA1'.- Si1 r . . r' -- .""" A'-ft-T . if-fix&trMKKGHTTHE BOTOBOH SEWS, 1ABB, KEHTITCKYFRIDAY, AUGUST 2$, m.1MiniIttMILLERSBURGup Mr. E. T. Sheeler was in Cincinnati "on business Sunday and Monday. Heintz Sweet Pickles 30 cents$er poundf at Caldwell's.Miss JLeona Letton is visitingiter, sister, Mrs. Ed. Wilson, in CinXnnati. Misses Marguerite and EdithWood are attending the Teachers' Institute at Carlisle., Mr. T. W. Current entertainedWednesday evening a number of thejCynthiana physicians.j Mrs. Mattie Hawes returnedThursday after a several days' visit,1q relatives at Covington.Overalls at Caldwell's, cheaper.than you can buy elsewhere. If you'don't believe it, try them.Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Butler andBon left Wednesday or a week's sojourn at Olympia Springs.Mr. W. M. Vmont, of Maysville,j&Ffieved Tuesday as the guest of hismother, Mrs Martha Vimont.Mr. and Mrs. William Fussnecker were guests of relatives atJlipley, O., Sunday and Monday.Mr. H. S. Roche has resigned hisposition at the M. M. I., and has resumed to his home at Philadelphia.Nice line of sardines at Cald:well's, 3.0 and 15 cents.-The Millersburg Graded Schooljwill open Monday. Several of thej-ooms will be occupied by newiteachers.Mrs. Carrie Potts is at homefrom St. Joseph Hospital, Lexington,Where she has been under treatment.for the past two weeks.Master Ennis Earl msko under-1jvvfent an operation Tuesday at St.VJoseph Hospital, Lexington, ana isdoing nicely at this writing.Mr. J. T. Adair will entertainMi$s Marguerite Allen and guestswith an "elaborate dinner at thephoenix Hotel at Lexington thisevening.Don't fail to try "Governors Cup.Coffee." One pound is equal to two.3?rice forty-five cents a pound. Thejiet shipment will be higher.( R. M. CALDWELL;.- Oo you want a nicsf Heat shoejfor l-ss than yo,-cali buy anywhereelse: If sor iffspect the Wear-U-Wellstock at Caldwell's, and you are sureo.buy.Mrs. O. "W. Ingels entertainedWednesday afternoon with five hundred about thirty young guests inhonor of tier niece. Miss MargueriteAllen, and guests.FOR SALE. Mai machinery.jCcjmplefe corn mill; Fairbanks-Morrisengine, etc. Will sell cheap.I G. W. JOHNSON,' it) Lock-Box 233.The Millersburg Dancing Clubfgave a dance Monday evening at M.3VT. I. Auditorium. It was well attended, and the music was good. At midmight a delightful lunch was servedfry R. M. Derrickson.Attorney John J. "Williams, ofParis, addressed a small audienceWednesday evening at -M. M. I. Auditorium on Illiteracy. The address"wasvgood, and we regret tliefe rereSot more present.The Farmers Bank will moveMonday from its present quarters tothe property of Mrs. Sue V. Sandus3cy, now occupied by the plumbingestablishment of Mr. G. L. Hill, nextdoor to postoffice.Mr. Lee Insko, of Lexington,"Who has just been mustered out ofthe 'Marine service, was in Millersburg, shaking hands with his oldSolves yourHeating BobkmpREPARE now for nextwinter's heating with aWilliamson Pipeless Furnace. Its single registersends glowing warmth all'trough your house. Itsaves the bother o stovesox grates, burns hard orsoft coal, coke or wood.Hundreds of farm homes foundThe WILLIAMSONPIPELESS FURNACEbleating las! winter. It is easilyinstalled without tearing up floorsjtd walls for pipes and flues. Itot into the cellar but does not-heat iL. Come in and see thisxubstoatial, well-built furnace. It1'a fuel and labor saver.A.S. Best & Co., Agts.' Millersburg, Ky.toth Phonos 33,.ifriends Wednesday. He is -lookingwell and is much heavier than whenhe went to war.Misses Edith and Hattie Woodwill leave Saturday for a visit tofriends, at Parkersburg, W. Va.Rev. and Mrs. Albert Sidney( Venable, of Virginia, arrived Wednesday as guests of her parents, Mr.and Mrs. J. A. Butler, and to be present at the marriage of her sister,Miss MecLona Butler, to Mr. IrelandDavis, of Paris, next Monday.Fifty young men will put onthe "Womanless Wedding" at the M.M. I. Auditorium this evening at8:30 p. m. It promises to be exceedingly humorous, and is full of funfrom first to finish. The young jmenare being coached by Miss Clementine Miller, of Mississippi.tMiss Marguerite Allen is entertaining the following young ladies:,Miss Hogobom, New York, Miss Ab-ney, of New York, and Miss Elliott,of North Carolina. These youngladies were schoolmates of MissAllen at the Martha WashingtonCollege, at Washington, D. C, lastwinter.The following entertainmentshave been given in honor of the approaching nuptials of Miss MecLonaButler and Mr. Ireland Davis, the latter of Paris,, which will be solemnizedat the Presbyterian church next Monday at 4:00 p. m. On Tuesday afternoon Miss Aelta Wilson entertainedwith a handkerchief shower. OnWednesday evening Mr. and Mrs.Monroe Leer entertained the youngcouple. On Thursday evening MissMildred W. Bruce entertained intheir honor.o"MORGAN'S MEN" MEET ATOLYMPIAN SPRINGSWith close to forty of the gallant( men "who rode with Morgan" in at-! tendance the seventeenth annual reunion of the Morgan's Men Association opened Tuesday morning for athree-day gathering of the survivors of that remarkable brigade.The veterans present for theopening session registered withAssistant Secretary Frank C. Taylorand adjourned until 3 o'clock in theafternoon, spending the time in recalling the days of the war, andmingling with the younger folk, withwhom they are prime favorites.At 3 o'clock Tuesday afternoon reports of comjmittees were made.Those who have passed awaysince the reunion a year ago are:Gen. Bennett H. Young, Louisville, Eighth Kentucky Cavalry; LevP. Young, Lexington, Quirk's Scouts;Geo. W. Morrow, Austerlitz, EighthKentucky Cavalry; "W. M. Lay son,Millersburg, Second Kentucky Cavalry; Capt. Ed. Taylor, Lexington,Ninth Kentucky Cavalry; W. B. Linville, Kentontown, Burns' Battery;M. D. Featheringill, Winchester,Eighth Kentucky Cavalry, and CarrCalmes, Winchester.The following veterans from Bourbon county attended the reunion:Gano Hildreth, Paris, Eighth Kentucky Cavalry; L. J. Fretwell, Paris,Eighth Kentucky Cavalry; C. H.Meng, North Middletown, Ninth Cav-ialry; Lot D. Youn. North Trliddle-town, Fourth Cavalry; James Is.Stone, Little Rock, Eighth Cavalry;W. C. Stipp, Clintonville, EighthCavalry; George H. Preston, Paris,Eleventh Cavalry; James H. Clark,Millersburg, Third Cavalry.Morgan's Men Wednesday reelected the three vice-presidents ofthe association and the executivecommittee. The president, Steve G."Sharo. of Covington,, and becretary.Horace Taylor, of Carlisle, hold officefor life. The vice-presidents are W.,H. Robb, Helena Station; W. J.Stone, Kuttawa, and Elley Blackburn, Georgetown.Members of the executive committee are George B. Taylor, Nicholasville; A. W. Macklin, Frankfort;Walter Matthews, Maysville; C. A.Meng, North Middletown, and M. A.Haggard, Georgetown.Resolutions of sympathy to allmembers unable to attend the reunion on account of illness were passed by the association. A committeecomposed of Horace M. Taylor and'Elley Blackburn was appointed to report on the disposition to be made ofthe records of the association. . Campfire' talks were made by Judge Ody,X. B. Deatherage, who claifms thebest horse in Confederacy; J. E.Abrams and Colonel Moore.'. oDEATHS.WILSON. ,Mrs. Mary E. Wilson, aged seventy-four,died at; her home nearShawhan, in this county, Wednesdaymorning after a short illness due toan attack of. heart trouble. Mrs.Wilson was the widow of RudolphWilson, a well-known farmer of theShawhan vicinity, who preceded lierto the grave several years ago. Sheis survived by three daughters, MissBettie Wilson, of Latonia; Mrs. Wm.Mitchell, of Paris, and Mrs. JamesShawhan.The funeral was held yesterday'.morning at ten o'clock, with servicesconducted at the grave in the Jacksonville Cemetery by Rev. Jos. D.Arrnistead, pastor of the CynthianaChristian church. The pall-bearerswere: Ed? L. Ralls, H. .A Roberts,A" Hendricks, H. E. Mitchell and O.T.,Lilley.v-.. .ALAMOAFTERNOON, 20-5:30 IGRANDEVENING, 7:00-10:30 ;ADMISSIONAdults 18c, war tax 2c 20cChildren and Gallery9c plus lc war tax 10cHELIGIOUS.Union services of all the Protestant churches of the city will be heldin the Christian church Sundaynight. The sermon will be deliveredby Rev. G. R. Combs, pastor of theMethodist church.The Endeavor Society of the Christian church will meet in the churchparlors Sunday night as seven o'clock.The subject will be "The ChristianChallenge To Life Service." Leader,Miss Vernita Baldwin.At the meeting of the WomansMissionary Society of the Christianchurch, to be held in the church parlors Sept. 5, the newly-elected officers will be installed. This will bethe celebration of the forty-fifth anniversary of the C. W. B. M. socialhour.At the prayer meeting at theMethodist Church, Wednesday night,Rev. G. R. Combs gave an exhition of stereopticon. slides, showinglife in the mountains of EasternKentucky, illustrating home missionwork. The church will observe today as a day of fasting and inprayer for a world-wide revival.CHRISTIAN CHURCH CALENDAR.Sunday, 9:30 a. m, Bible School.Sunday, 10:45 a. m. MorningWorship."Sunday, 2:30 p. m. Junior Endeavor. Sunday, 7:00 p. m. Christian Endeavor. Sunday, 8:00 p. (m. Union Services. Tuesday, 7:15 p. m. Workers'Conference.Wednesday, 8:00 p. m. PrayerMeeting.Friday, 3:00 p. m. Missionary Society. Friday, 7:45 p. m. Choir Practice. INTERESTING OIL NOTESThe Lee-Kent Oil Co., of Paris, has"spudded in" at their No. 4 well onthe Popular Thicket tract in Leecounty. vRAILWAY SIGNALMEN MEETNineteen members and officers werepresent at the regular monthly meeting of Paris Lodge No. 12, Brotherhood of Railway Signalmen, held atthe K. of P. Hall, at the corner ofMain and Third streets. Pour newjmembers rwere initiated, after whicha substantial luncheon was served inthe dining hall. After luncheon,Mr. R. D. Leet, of Louisville, gave avery interesting talk on matters ofinterest to the order. The nextmeeting will be held in September.oOILING COUNTY HOADS.The big new McKinney oiling machine which was recently purchasedby the countj' as an adjunct to theroad-building machinery of the county, has been busy this week, spreading oil on the highways. The workof oiling was started on the NorthMiddletown pike, and will continueuntil all the pikes in the county havebeen given a heavy coating of thepreservative oil. The oil is mixedwith gravel by the machine, makingan effective binder for retaining theoil on the surface.COUNTY SCHOOLS TO OPEN.The schools of Bourbon county willopen for the fall and winter term onnext Monday, September 1, at eighto'clock a. m. The County Teachers'Institute will be held on the following Monday, September S, at 8: SOa. m."INSTALLING NEW ELEVM'OE,.A new passenger elevator of thelatest modern construction is beinginstalled in the Masonic Temple.The new carrier will 'be operated byelectricity. It is expected to be completed and in operation by the earlypart of the coming week.pSPECIAL KEGISTJtATIONA special registration will be conducted in the voting precincts, inParis, Tuesday, Sept. 2, for the benefit of those who did not register intime for the primary election, and"who desire to vote in the turn pikeelection on September 6. -Today, Friday IDorothy. DaltonIN"The Homebreaker"Her companion salesmen saidshe had the best 'gift .of gab"they ever listened to "But when she "tried to reasonwith her sweetheart it took morethan gab to keep him away fromthe ' 'merry-merry. ' ' It took action! Come and see this picture.Also RUTH ROLAND, in"The Tiger's Trail"AIATRIMONIAL.A marriage license was issuedTuesday from the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton, to Mr. Wm.Morris, of Nicholas county, and MissBeatrice Yost, of Fleming county.ASWELL. CANTRILL.Representative and Mrs. JamesB. Aswell, of Nachitoches, Louisiana,have announced the engagement oftheir daughter, Corinne, to James Edwards Cantrill, son of CongressmanJ. Campbell Cantrill, of Georgetown,Ky. While the exact- date has notbeen made public, the marriage isexpected to be an event of the earlyfall in Washington. Miss Aswell isan only daughter and Mr. Cantrill isan only son. Both are exceptionallypopular in the younger circles ofWashington. They have both beenin Washington practically from childhood, their fathers having been inCongress Mr. Cantrill has just returned fro,m France, where duringthe period of the war he was attachedto General Pershing's headquarters.oBIRTHS.In this city, to the wife of Mr.Harry Speakes, a daughter.Near Centerville, this county, tothe wife of Mr. Davis Jefferson, adaughter, their first child. Mrs.Jefferson was formerly Miss LucyGaunce.The pearl is the only gem that doesnot require the lapidary's art tobring out is beauty.NOWFORTHEOf theClearance Sale inshould break all records. See these wonderful values thatwithout Question will be appreciated by thrifty shoppers.Just a Few of the ManyBalance of Women's Gun Metal and Patent KiduxToras ana rOxfords and Pumps, $4.00 and $5.GOsmall sizes, atLadies' Canvas Oxfords, low$2.00 values, atLadies' Black Kid Oxfords and o qiPumps, $4.00 values, at : $L,ud' at18?.!' Dark TSn EngHsh Boot $3.49 I Dark Tan English Shoes -j 0: BooteSatand Children,s Gun Metal $2.49 ys' Gun MeWLaVe" Shoes tlQQDANParis' Greatest Shoe StoreTomorrow, SaturdayPauline FrederickIN"The Fear Woman"The romance of a beautifulgirl who sacrifices everythingto win the man she. loves. Shepays the price of fear and winsthe love she lost.Also Bill Parsons Comedy"A Wonderful Night"and GEO. LARKIN in"The Terror of the Range"WAS DEPARTMENT TO ESTABLISH EETAIL STORES.Retail stores for the sale of allcommodities included in. the surplusstock of the War Department will beestablished September 25, it was announced Wednesday. The storeswill be located in depot centers" andlarge cities will accept and fill mailorders. Continued purchases by thedepartment of certain necessities, sothose stores may be continued indefinitely as a part of the government'scampaign against the high cost ofliving is understood to be under consideration. The prices pn all comjmoditiesIni E1 SPECIAL SALEc mX!Detroit Jewel Stoves, Rangesand FurnacesMr, S. E. Guinn, of the Detroit StoveWorks, is with us for a few daysCome in and let him explain to youthe remarkable performances of theJewel Pipeless furnace and Combination Coal and Gas Ranges.GET A JEW ELAND SAVE FUELT. W. SPICER314 Main St. Paris, Kentpckyrmwmis5ttmsmirf9&mi2?mmwcwmmi,a,,a-i,m-tmiAmikthM-i, T,m,A.uniFINISH!Greatest anLast and FinalReductionson balance of Summer Footwear thatheel,$1.24Men's Tan andOxfords, $5.00Men's Gun Metal Shoes and Ox-- c, a uu" " onoes ana ux- o finfords, $4.50 values, at $Z.99Largest SelectionofFallFootwearAt Special Low.PricesCOHENWhere Beauty, and Economy ReignMonday, September 1stGeraldine FarrarIN"MARIA ROSA"Love, jealousy, breathless action, and a battle to the deathfor a woman. All in this powerful drama pulseting with thewarm blood of Spain.Directed by Cecil B. DeMille.AlsoHolmes Travel Pictureoffered for sale will be so fixed as toprevent discrimination between thosewho buy over the counter and thosewho purchase by mail. Cataloguesquoting the prices and giving the location of all stores are being prepared and wrill be available at all postoffices. A EEW MOKE LEFT.We are offering some attractiveprices on all Summer suits, hats, etcMen who know are takmg advantageof these values. Better not wait toolong.L. WOLLSTEEST,(22-4t) 619 Main Street.aiiLASTWEEKMost OpportuneOur History!MMiuSBargainsvalues, K X OOv rPatent Kid Englishvalues, at$3.95(F-sl TF-oet 1)t .:2r-rr -t . -J" zJpV-