' ,eA ."',-W"-4.iTHENEWSi:,ktt-avt'itrrfPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRF' vY IN THE YEAR.f .VOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRI JAY, JANUARY 10, 1919BOURBONJ:HmTHE TOBACCO MARKETSGENERAL J. PRANKUN BELLDIES OF HEART DISESASE.The Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse!Company held an exceptionally fine! Major General J. Franklin Bellsale Wednesday, disposing of 183,115 'commander of the Department of thepounds of tobacco for a money value TIQf AiaA rr . .. . ..of $67,892.23, a floor average of ??fief Wednesday xiiglit at the$37.07. One basket of the weed . Preal)yterian Hospital, in New York,brought the high price of 68 cents a His death was due to heart dispound. The market was strong and , ease- He was taken to the hospitalactive. three days ago for observation,' but JAs a result of the heavy receipts it was not realized that his conditionthe Paris markets have been almost was serious and his death came as aunable to handle the offerings without delay. Long iine of loadedwagons stand on the streets throughthe night, awaiting a chance for unloading for the morning sales. Thewarehouses and driveways the full ofwagone waiting their chance. Redryers and. prizing departments ofvarious warehouses and buying agencies are swamped, being unable tomove their purchases from the floors.The following is a list of some ofthe best crop averages obtained bythe Paris house at the sale heldWednesday:Hancock & Thompson, 11,695pounds, average $49.39.Ardery & Gross, 4,830 pounds, avverage $37.67.Redmon & Son, 4,135 pounds, average $32.24.A Reffett, 4,475 pounds, average,$45.57.Hancock & Thompson, 6,425pounds, average $38.38.L. Ammerman & Sons, 2,500pounds, average $40.30.Calwell & Martin, 5.070 pounds,average $48.87.vDuncan & Tarr, 3,250 pounds, average $48.51.Weil & Breeze, 6,880 pounds, average $42.07.Reffett & Day, 4,280 pounds, average $52.82.' J. P, Redmon, 7,190 pounds, average $52.24.L. R. Cravens, 6,765 pounds, average $51.69.Wilkerson & Curtis, 2,255 pounds,$36.83.Smith & Carter, 3,435 pounds, average $43.19.Jerry Plumber, 1,6 6 pounds, average $34.32.Linville & Son, 4,405 pounds, average $34.64.Redmon & Brooks, 3,065 pounds,average $33.95.McCray & Menifee, 5,360 pounds,average $41.10.Custer & Gordon, 2,615 pounds, average $37.35.Bryant & Myers, 2,325 pounds, average $37.04.Wagner & Smith, 10,775 pounds,average $38.96.Hancock & Roberts, 7,350 pounds,average, $4203. wcomplete surprise. General Bell was63 years old and a native of Kentucky, his birthplace being Shelby-iville.General Bell was a West Pointer ofthe class of 1878, and during his 40years in the army had many difficultassignments. As a lieuenant, he participated in some of the hardest fighting in the Indian campaign.At the beginning of the SpanishWar, he was promoted to the rank ofMajor. He sailed from San Franciscofor Manilla on, June 15, 1898, andtook a prominent part in the Philippines campaign.When the regular army was reorganized in. 1901, Bell was made aBrigadier of regulars.General Bell had served only threemonths as commander of the Western Department when he was assigned to take command of the SeventySeventh National Army Division atCamo Unton. He was ordered to'.France in December of that year forobservation and remained abroadthree months.Although General Bell trained theSeventy Seventh he was not permitted to lead it to France for the medical board which examined him foundhis physical condition such that hewas not fitted for active service inthe field and he was relieved of thecommand in May of the last year.He remained at Camp Upton for sometime, however, and then he was reappointed to take command of theEastern Department.-oCOBDTJROY SUITS.IN THE SERVICE OF THEIR- COUNTRY. $jfC-i cJakie Saloshin, who has been atVancouver, Wash., cantonment, rerceived orders to report to Camp Zachary Taylor, to be mustered out. JIs expected to return to Paris aboutSaturday. ,' - IIn Wednesday's casualty list reported by the Commanding Generalof the American ExpeditionaryForces, appear the names of James P.Jesse, son of Mrs. Bettie Jesse, b'fVersailles, Ky., and William Clar,son of Mrs. Bettie Clay, 109 Chapline street, Paris. Both are reportedas having been severely wounded.Official figures given out by Chiefof Staff March, of the army, showthat Camp Zachary Taylor has ledthe demobilization camps of thecounty in the number of men mustered out since the signing of the armistice. Taylor's record is 33,006men to and including December 28,as against 24,176 for Camp Lee, thenext in line.EDWIN P. MORROW TO BE CANDIDATE EOR GOVERNORSIMPLE CEREMONIES MARK THEODORE ROOSEVELT'S FUNERALMr. James Doty purchased Wednesday the fine old home on Pleasantstreet, owned by Misses Winnie andLutie Williams, at price not given outfor publication. Mr. and Mrs, Dotywill jmove to the property in Febru$ary. This is one of the best-constructedhomes in Paris. Mr. Doty,after concluding the deal for theWilliams property, sold a nice building lot on Second street, to Dr. J. A.Gilkey, for $1,000.Corduroy suits for men, plain andNorfolk style $15.00 to $16.50.J. W. DAVIS & CO.BASKET BALL SEASON OPENS" ON FRIDAY NIGHT.THE NEWS has received a copy of"The Fly Leaf," the official publica-jttion of the Aviation Service, pub-lished at March Field, Riverside, California. The journal is a sixteenpage publication, with a four-pagepink cover, all printed in an excellent typographical manner, and filledto the brim with timely articles relative to the service.' The sender'sidentity is unknown, but ourthanks, just the sajme.Edwin P. Morrow, of Somerset,will make the Republican race forGovernor in November if the unanimous endorsement of G. O. P. leaders of the State means nomination.Not; until Tuesday night at a meeting of the Republican State CentralCommittee did official .and formal announcepient come that "Morrow willbe the candidate without opposition.".Applause and demands for a speechevidenced the hearty approval of theState Central Committeemen, and theassembly party leaders Further endorsement of Morrow's candidacy followed a few minutes later, when thecommittee took unanimous and favorable action on two recommendationsmade by the proposed gubernatorialcandidate in a rousing address to hissupporters. First, the ljmmediate appointment of a State campaign chairman. Second, the calling of a delegate convention of Republicans' inApril for the purpose of framing aplatform upon which the party willstand in November.Chesley S. Searcy, to whom hasbeen given chief credit for the Republican victory in Louisville lastNovember, was elected State Campaign Chairman after he had beenrecommended for the important postby a special committee composed ofState Central Committeemen Green1-Garrett, T. A. Field and Ricnara P.Ernst.Both Louisville and Lexingtonwere mentioned as favorable cities inwhich the platform conyention willbe held "some time in April."Committeemen Mat J. Chilton,Garrett and John H.Gillman werenamed on the "place and time" committee, and will make recommendations 'at the Lexington Day banquetto be held at the Seelbach, February12. Final decision will rest with theState Central Committee, whichmeans, it was understood, that theconvention will be brought to Louisville.DEDICATION SERMON AT PRES- BYTERIAN CHURCH.Sales on the local market have"been checked by inability of the buyers to get their purchases off thefloors for the prizing and redryingplants. The Tobacco Board of Trade,held a meeting and decided to sellat only one house daily until theblock is lifted. Only one sale washeld yesterday, that being at the Independent house.The offerings at Wednesday's saleshowed much color and a smallerpercentage of low grades. Competition was active, making prices soarto a hlerh mark. The warehouses nowhave all the tobacco they can handlefor the week.A price of 52 cents for a wholecrop of tobacco, totaling 16,000pounds, raised on eight acres, waspaid Saturday by H. W. Berry, ofBerry and Cynthiana, for the cropraised on the lands of Mrs. J. T.Sharrard, of Paris, part of the Griffith place, four miles from Cynthianaon the Leesburg road. The crop belonged to McMillan and Sharrard,and was raised by Mr. Alpheus McMillin. It is reported to be a beautiful crop, splendidly cared for, verylong, exceptionally fine and assmooth as a kid glove, 90 per cent,'cigarette tobacco.SOLDIER'S SKULL FRACTURED.Wesley Thomas, a soldier, who arrived in Paris, Tuesday, from CampZachary Taylor, after being musteredout of the service, was overcome bythe heat from a big stove at theLouisville & Nashville passenger depot in this city, and falling face foremost on the platform, fractured hisskull and sustained other injuries.Thomas had gone into the waitingroom to warm himself by the stove,which was red hot and fell asleep.When he awoke he was gasping for"breath, and staggered to the platform, the reaction causing him tofaint and fall to the platform.Mr. S. Lee McGohan, a soldierfrom Camp Knox, happened to benear, and observing the accident called the ambulance and had Thomassent to the Massie Memorial Hospital,-where his injuries were attended to.The basket ball season in Parisopens Friday night, January ,10,whs.n Georgetown. Higb.SchQoI -oesdown in defeat before Paris High.The teams haVe been gathering energy and ammunition for weeks anathey intend to shoot goals in rapidfire Succession.The girls' game will be called atseven-thirty, and the moment thetwo quintettes appear on the floorthe fun will begin.Captain McClintock will be unabletr ninv on account of illness, buteach girl will put just that muchmore "pep" into her playing to makeup for the loss of her valuable teammate. ,,,The excitement of this game willnniv hP. excelled by the one that follows, when the boys of the blackand orange begin to roll up the score.Roberts, of 1918 fame .has a particular score to settle with Georgetown, for he sustained a broken collar bone at their hands last fall,and he intends to get revenge Fridaynight. Rice, another last year'sman, is "rearing" to go and promises not to let a ball or a man getby him.tvio toams wilf do all that is expected of them, and more, but thebest of playing is made much moreeffective by enthusiastic "rooting.Are you proud of the athletic recordof your High School? Of course yourmi rnuld not be anything else,but it's high time you were showingthe other fellow you are standing behind the teams. Be at the Y. M. C.A. Friday night, prepared to yellyourself hoarse and we will send thatScott county team home to swallowa bitter pill defeat!oSPECIAL PROGRAM.CROSSED WIRES1 CAUSE BLAZEIN SCHOOL.Crossed electric light wires in theaUto of the residence at the cornerTheodore Rosevelt lies at rest beneath a cemetery knoll, near therambling rural highway along whichhe traveled so many times in boyhood and manhood, between the Sagamore Hill House, which was hishome, and the quiet village of OysterBay.Perhaps no other former Presidentof the United States had so simplea funeral as the one given ColonelRoosevelt Wednesday afternoon, onthe shore of Long Island Sound.Military and naval honors were nothis in death, only because it had beenhis wish, and that of his family, thatthe last rites be surrounded onlywith the simple dignity that mightattend the passing of a private citizen. It was the noon hour when, at theSagamore Hill homestead, all of Col.Roosevelt's family, except two of thesons, Lieut. Col. Theodore Roosevelt,Jr., and Lieut. Kermit Roosevelt,who are with the army in Europe,assembled for a few moments of private prayer at the side of the casketin which lay the body. Draped overthe casket were battle flags underwhich the Colenel fought as a RoughRider on. Cuban soil, more thantwenty years ago. The Rev. Dr. Geo.E. Talmage, rector of Christ Church,said the comforting words whichwere the final ones spoKen ior tneColonel in the presence of Mrs. Roosevelt, for she did not accompany thecortege to the church or to the gravein Young's Memorial Cemetery. Atthe Sagamore Hill services, only themembers of the immediate Rooseveltfamily were present.The body of the late Presidentthen was taken from the room containing the trophies which he had assembled from all quarters of theglobe and was carried from Sagamore Hill on its final journey. Snowhad come at dawn, and had been falling steadily until the countrysidewas white, but the sun brokethrough laden clouds as the hearseleft the Roosevelt estate and passedinto the highway leading to ChristChurch.Between hedges- touched withmelting flakes and under bare winterboughs of red berries lining the- roadside, the procession moved slowly,headed by mounted policemen, wnoThe Church Vindicated By The Warv1 Tim. 3:15.The war has brought about ac number of stupendous changes. A newmap will have to be made of Europe.Things will never be the same. Tlieworld will never go back to where itwas prior to the outbreak of the conflict. In these changes the Church hashad to share. Just to what extentthe work of readjustment will go no.one knows. TJiere are some who go" 'so far as to prophesy that as a result of the war the denominations ofChristendom will all be merged intoone; that the work of the ministry,both in Church activities and in thepulpit ministrations, will be in thehands of the laymen; that the emphasis in the future will be placedentirely on social service; and thatthe creeds of Christendom will undergo surprising modifications.My own conviction is that there areat least two things that will sufferno alteration as a result of the war.One is all those things which resultfrom human nature being what it is,and the other is the truth which theChurch has advocated throughout thecenturies. Nonessential in theChurch and in connection with Christianity will be affected. The poetwas wrong when he spoke of truthbeing forever on the scaffold andwrong forever on the throne. Truthhas never yet been on the scaffoldand never will. Truth can never be.put to death.Instead of the war necessitating ,the Church to recede from its position in regard to its teachings, it hasrather established it in its contention. The war has vindicated theChurch in its splendid fight for certain great important issues. Someof these things for which the Churchhas contended have been exceedinglyunpopular with certain people whohave made the Church the butt ofridicule. With brazen assurance theyhave claimed that the Church wasold fogy and behind the times. Butwhile they were loud mouthed intheir criticism of the Church prior tothe war, they now stand dumb intheir humiliation. The war has putthe stamp of confirmation upon theteachings of the Church throughoutthe years.The Church has always been anexponant of the doctrine of democracy. It has made bold to claim thatGod created every human being inwere the Colonel's friends in life, and His image and after His likeness; that. ... .t ir '-J .tt. .?. .Hf ., T'ttrolfth RtrP.P.t.S. TUP.S- InletS?rJ?E !ffll.-the tortegCinoved tatheCli. o,uou6cu uj vw vv-v. .. - "-p r , - . 1..,,beenChristian church, to be renderednext Sunday night, January 12, atseven o'clock. An address will bedelivered by Rev. J. L. Finnell, ofLexington, and musical numbers byMr. Benton Millen, also of Lexington.A Victrola concert of sacred musicwill also be rendered.time threatened to assume seriousproportions. The fire department responded to an alarm from Box 31and extinguished the blaze. Thehome is occupied as a Catholic parochial school and home for the Sistersof the Visitation, who conduct theschool.who had been sent by the city ofNew York to act as a guard of honor.Around the shore of a pond-likeinlet of Oyster Bay and over a smallWE KNOW HW, -CLANENCE MACKEY- HORSES TO BOURBONJ COUNTY.. : Clarence H. M&ckey, of New York,who formerly leased Kingston Farm,near Lexington, and where he maintained a valuable stud sent hisliorees to France,-.has arranged with.Arthur B. Handock, of Bourboncounty, to keep the English sire,ISpanish Prince, and several mares atiihis 'breeding farm near Paris. Included among the mares are Audi-incer F.reenay, Lady Winifred, LadyRk., Wheat Ear, Footling, CourteaanLa Claque, Miss Mala rot, MancanSpita and Xeliy.CENTRAL KENTUCKY SOLDIERSON HOMEWARD JOURNEY.Enlisted men of what was formerlyCompany "I," Kentucky NationalGuard, are returning to the UnitedstflWon the transport Presidentrmnt a.r.ordinr to an AssociatedPress report Wednesday night. Company "I" was organized in Lexingtonand is composed of men from Lexington, Paris and Central Kentucky.They are returning with the 113thTrench Mortar Battery from serviceoverseas. 'Company "I" was of the SecondKentucky National Guard regiment,and the men of this company weremustered into Federal service on July11 1917, at Camp Stanley, on thetJTTOTK! ! Versailles pike.xne oig-utti vuijjij v"--"ganized in Lexington and which wassent to Hattiesburg, Miss., at thesame time as the Kentucky NationalGuard, went to France with the 38thDivision and is at present a part ofthe 113th Field Signal Battalionstationed at Touren Sologne. Lettersreceived state that they are at a replacement depot at Tour en Sologne,France, a small village near wherethe t)ld Southern battle line was.The 113th Field Signal Battalionis composed of three companies, oneof which Is Company B, formerly theabove mentioned Company A. Theother two cafnpaniesof'the battalionare composed of Indianians.WINTERHAS JUST BEGUNAnd to be comfortable and warm you mustthe right kind of clothes. Our Suits and Overcoatsyou will find to be excellent values for$30.00$35.00$40.00All wool garments that will stand the wear and tearthat winter time weateer brings on clothing wornoutdoors.Protect Your FeetFrom Ice and SnowBy wearing Dr. Reed's Cushion Sole Shoes, madewith an invisible cork sole that not only makesyour feet feel comfortable, but keeps the dampnessout and protects them from the cold.$9.00 PER PAIRNettleton Fine Shoes in winter weights, calfskins and kids, $12.00 per pair.olinrc.h. a ereen frame structurewith its roof surmounted by a steeplein which was the bell which soonwas to toll the passing of the nation's4twenty-sixth President.iere, stanaing ou u; x ouyyvijhillocks which are the lawns of someof the Colonel's neighbors, werewaiting townspeople. Because ofthe limited seating capacity of ChristChurch, these villagers, to whom theColonel had long been friena ananeighbor had not found admittance.They uncovered their heads as thecasket was borne into the church andwaited outside until the serviceswere over, and the prooession startedior tne cemetery.The sun. had passed the meridianand the stained glass windowscaught and held its rays as the casket was carried up the aisle andplaced close to the altar.In the pews were men who areamong the foremost of the country'scitizens. Vice President Thomas R.Marshall represented President Wilson. Gen. Peyton C. March, Chief ofstaff of the Army, and Admiral C.McR. Winslow respectively represented the military and naval services and Secretary Lane the Cabinet. William Howard Taft, who uponHoi -Roosevelt's death became theonly living ex-President, CharlesEvans Hughes, Elihu Root, UnitedStates Senator Henry Cabot Lodge, ofMassachusetts; Maj. Gen. LeonardWood, Vice Admiral Gleaves, HenryX. Stimson, Secretary oi war mRoosevelt's Cabinet; Gov. Alfred Hi.Smith, of New York; Speaker ChampClark and former Speaker J. C. Cant of the House of Representatives,were present to pay their last trib-all men are born free and eaual: thatwe are all the off -spring of Deity;and that He so loved,, not anyonerace or people, but the world, and , .Iga&e Hrs,nly-DegdttehrSontto suffur &ana .die xhat, who&VentBt-xtim snouia notr perish but have everlasting life.When Christ walked among menHe recognized none of the distinctions that separate men into classes,but received all alike as the -children(Continued from Page 2.)JREAL ESTATE DEALS. ,At the public sale of land, stock,crop, etc., belonging to EverettPeterson, held on the premises nearRobinson, in Harrison county, W. J.Rankin purchased the farm of 48acres, for $5,725. Cows averaged?100 a head, 100-pound shbatshrought from $15 to $l'a head,brood sows from $35 to ?50 a head,baled hay ninety-five cents a baleandbaled straw ?7 a ton. Farming Implements sold at good figures Thtsale was conducted by George D.speakes. of the real estate firm ofHarris & Speakes, of thisK5ity.SEVENTH DISTRICT MAKES IKCOME TAX EEP0ST.MITCHELL & BLAKEMOREWASHINGTON, January 9.-Thefive Kentucky internal revenue districts, according to the recent report of the Commissioner of InternalRevenue, made returns of income andexcess profits. Taxes were assessedagainst the Seventh District, ofwhich Bourbon county is a part, asute on behalf of the nation, Congress, follows:the State and the metropolis. The j Personal incomes, less than 3,000,diplomatic corps at Washington also returns, 4,651; tax, 546,359.06;wes represented. 'more than $3,000, returns, 2,052;Many wreaths and floral tributes, Ux $433,567.3u. Corporation infor which there-had not been room comeg assessed:. Retums, 637; tax,at tne aagauiuie mu """-! " whir $384,244.63. Excess profits: Individuals, returns, 73; tax, $87,739.29;Minrnh -with frajrrance. one wnicnwas sent to the Roosevelt home andthen brought to the altar was thetribute of President Wilson.Dr Talmage, with Bishop Burgess,of Long Island, seated in. the sanctuary, read the sentences, Psalms andScriptural lessons which the a partof the Protestant Episcopal funeralservices. The former President s favorite hymn, "How Firm a Foundation " was- recited by the rector, inconformance to the Roosevelt family's desire that all music, even theorgan voluntary to the Lord's Prayer,the congregation jomea.The scene at the grave perhapswas the more impressive. The plot,which Col. Roosevelt himself had selected as his burial place, is the commanding spot in the Peaceful andpicturesque cemetery. At the foot ofa slope and heyond the public highway there is a cove, beyond whichlie the waters of Long Island Sound.Not far distant, but concealed from..,tt L,r cme nt the WOOdS in WhlCttthe Colonel was wont to roam, standscorporations, returns, 353; tax $2,003,926.09; partnerships, returns,'95; tax, $74,684.78. Grand total fordistrict, 7,885; tax, $3,038,402.88.cept the boys, who are abroad, andtheir mother, as the casket, its historic flags now removed, was loweredinto the ground. Near . at hand,looking on reverently, were men inpublic life, who had been intimatelyassociated with Col. Rosevelt in affairs of State, politics, literature andthe army, Rough Riders," neighborsfor whom Sagamore Hill will ever hralmost hallowed ground, and " "children from the village school to whichthe Colonel sent his owji sons anddaughters. They formed a sorrewinacircle as Dr Talmage read the ,b.riefcommittal ceremony.Former President Taft stood quiteapart from the others in. these ftnalmoments and seemed, almost an iso-t I qaramore Hill home, to which his j lated figure. The political quarralfaerght m when Yl kept SJSStcttvi-,11 hnv Trees stana aoout mw aeuw w wug "- - -ESllandUhVTintef grasps were, been healed, an'd-tfr .Taft.aad hurrivisible thrdugh"the thinning skow.Ud from Peansylvifcla t attoi theHere toodhe 'Roosevelt family, ex-1 funeral."p-ilNrJFRIDAY, JAtfDARY 10, 191.THE BOUKBON NEWS, PABIS, KgNTXTCffgI -mi JiiN.IU:'?Itfsi1;V.iIS"i(wm BOURBON NEWSfataUished 188137 Years of Continuous PublicationNHfc&ed Every Tuesday and Friday9c Yaar. .$2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Adavance.iPifcj, CHAMP, Editor and Owner.gptfared at the Paris, Kentucky,Bewtofllce aa Mali Matter of theSeoood Claaa.)Any erroneous reflection upon thefctaraoter, standing or reputation ofuk? person, firm or corporation which,puty appear In the columns of THEPQDBBON NEWS will be gladly corjnMted It brought to attention of theADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 pertack for first time; 50 cents per inchnaosi subsequent insertion.Beading Notices, 10 cents per linemh Issue; reading notices in blacktyjV20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidate, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertises&e&a and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reseivedto decline any advertisement or otheraiatter for publication.Announcements for' political officesatust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.by greener grass. The stones of theruins will disappear under the ivyand the earth. Houses, villages andfarms will be' rebuilt. In the lifetime of the present-day children thedreaded scars of war" will have healed and disappeared.Prussian autocracy will be buriedbeneath the earth with the millionsof German bodieJ that the Kaisersent to death.It is hard to realize it now. Butthe hope that lives and that is bornover and over in youth will forget torebuild and re-establish.Young men that have crossed theocean now will in years to come betalking of this war as the old men ofto-day talk about our Civil War.And as a greater United States hasarisen and stands on the memory ofthat Civil War, so "a greater France,Belgium, Haly and England willcome out of this war. The horrorwill be forgotten, the courageouswork done, remembered and autocracy will have disappeared.The children or men will rebuild.The greater glory will be worth allthe suffering of the struggle.DEDICATION SEBMON AT PBES-BYTEBIAN CHUBCH.E' EDITOBIAL MUSINGS.A Costly Luxury.Water appears to be about themost expensive thing we have.Especially when it is surroundedwith a tin can and is shipped acrossthe continent.Take tomatoes.. Properly cannedtomatoes are 90 per cent, water, andeight-tenths of the remainder tin,and that means bulk and weight andfreight rates and scandalous prices.1'he newest thing in commercialfoou. preparation appears to be thedehydration plant. It merely removes the water from the vegetablesand leaves the tin can without a tenant. . It is figured that the housewife canadd the water, and that she wouldrather not pay at the rate of a dollar" or more a gallon for needlessmoisture. The flavor, the amount ofnutriment is the same in the driedproduct as in that canned by the oldmethod."jome vegetables are the better fordrying, as those who ever had thepleasure of sampling grandmother'sdried sweet corn can testify.Here are some of the vegetablesnow being dehydrated: Potatoes,rutabagas, turnips, squash, pumpkin,Beans, sweet corn, tomatoes, beets,carrots, parsnips, spinach, onions,"peas, cauliflower, peppers and celery.The process is not the same as theold drying process, and it bids fairto revolutionize the canning industry'Of the country and to give the housewives some of the millions that formerly went to the tin can industry,sand the. railroad stockholders.. Also it has already helped thefarmer by .absorbing the "truck" surjluv? at a faif price in mid-summer."T rYou and I.The warsr over and regardless ofwhat moneys Kings, labor leaders.students of "economics maysay, busi- ju,ess will be just as good as you andIdeslre it.prove, you say. All right, heregoes:I aeed a. new suit of clothes, so Igo ut and buy it. What's the result? My purchase causes a snorc-What Constitutes Illiteracy.The Census Bureau states that inability to write in any language iswhat constitutes illiteracy. One maybe able to read every so well, but ifunable to write, the census taker willbrand him as illiterate. There thethousands of people in Kentuckywho can read a little and thousands'!more who can read quite well and yethave never been taught to write.These illiterates would be the easiestof all to teach. They only have tomaster the simple art of writing andit is no more difficult than learningto quilt, to use the 'sewing machine,to drive a team or many of the otherthing that these people have learnedto do with their hands. Some neighbor could spend ten or twelve evenings with such persons and teachthem to write. Their sons or daughters, grandsons or granddaughterscould do it or, at least, somebodycould influence them to enter themoonlight school and quickly get ridof illiteracy. Were is not tor learning to read writing as well as toform the letters and words, thesepeople could even learn without ateacher.oFOB COLDS AND. GBIPPEDOCTOBS FIND BEMEDYPhysicians and druggists areelated over the fact that they haveat last found a genuine and dependable remedy for colds, sore throat,'influenza and la grippe. For yearsthey have depended chiefly upon theold style calomel, which is certainlyfine, but unfortunately many peoplewould not take it because of its nauseating and dangerous qualities.Now that the pharmaceuticalchemists have perfected a nausealess calomel, called "Calotabs" whosemedicinal virtues are vastly improved, the doctors and druggists areclaiming that Calotabs are the idealremedy to abort a cold over nightand cut short an attack of sorethroat or la grippe. They are alsofinding it most effective as. the firststep in the treatment of pneumonia.One Calotab on the tongue at bedtime with a swallow of water that'sall. No salts, no nausea nor" theslightest interference with your eating or your work and pleasure. Thenext (morning your cold has vanishedand your whole system is purifiedand refreshed. Calotabs are sold onlyin original sealed packages; pricethirty-five cents. Your druggist recommends and guarantees them be refunding the price if you are not delist (adv)i3BESEBVE FINDS JOBS FOB BETUBNING. MEN. -President Frank L. McVey, presih. of the University of Kentuckyland' State Director of United StatesPublic Service Reserve, has tor tneage, in a certain-grade of wool in one ast several days been busy commutoiinritifr ptAfiisiiment ana wnatdoes the tailor uo? Buys more to re".piefiish his stock.The mill whom the tailor buys$ from feels a corresponding shortagei,. their stock room and tney certsiEdy have their looms make upmore.' Regardless of how deep one goesinto, the study of panics and theircauses, you are bound to find fear astEe.real fundamental reason.. Koney kings in the past have'started panics, but you and I keptthem going.business is either good or bad, depending on whether you an I actlike, rational human beings.yfe. are- Tight at thet era of thegreatest times this or any othercountry ever had.' J5fhat do you say? We backedTXacie Sam on Liberty Bonds. Let'sbackrhim industrially.Youth and Hope.. Preparing for his campaign inv 'Asia, the great Alexander, to stimulate the. loyalty and enthusiasm oftk friends, divided his revenuesangthemr Perdiccas asked him,jfiflti'it are you retaining for your-ailf?''"Hoe," answered Alexander.He then was a mere boy. preparingto .conquer the world. Hope was alljthat he needed.'Fortunately for France, Belgium,ajL Northern Italy, hope is the refndy and hope the great possession.vtThe blood that the Prussians haveskad and their own blood, millions( gallons of it, will sink into therrottud, fertilize it, and be covered time army.ninnti-n -with the various countychairmen throughout the State urging them to make every offort to secure positions for soldiers who arereturning to their homes.The United States EmploymentService has already been a great factor in securing the men positionsupon their return and the variouscounty chairmen throughout theState have been held in office for thepurpose of reconstruction and theirimmediate problem is to provide positions for the men when they havereturned from overseas.The outlook at present, accordingto Dr. McVey is very encouragingowing to the shortage of labor, butdespite this fact, there is a greatnumber of men who will have to beassisted by the reserve.oCBOWELL ASKS ACQUISITION OFSIXTEEN ABMY CAMPSGovernment acquisition of all sixteen national army cantonment sites,leaving determination of their ultimate use to the future, was urged byAssistant Secretary of War Crowell.before the House Military Committee. He advocated purchase of landfor establishing three big camps atColumbia, Ga., West Point, Ky., andFayettesville, N. C, for futuretraining of the army, regardless ofits peace time strength. The totalcost would exceed $66,000,000.Mr. Crowell, Brigadier GeneralJervey, an Asistant Chief of Staff,and Major General Snow, Chief ofField Artillery, declined to commitI themselves as to plarisfor a peace(Continued from Page 1)of God and as His brethen. In Histeachings are found the foundationstones on which is-reared the superbsuper-structure of the universalbrotherhood of man. In establishingHis Church, He gave it a representative form of government, a government of the people, by the people,and for the people.Throughout the whole course ofithe Christian rChurch, popular education has been the hand maiden ofreligion, Christianity has ever soughtto brine knowledge to all of the people regardless of their social or financial position.The world has looked upon thisclaim of the Church for democracyas an Utopia. The two opposingschools of thought have been arrayedthe one against the other, democracyon the one hand and autocracy onthe other. They were sharply defined in the recent war and werevoiced the one by the President ofthe United States and the, other bythe Crown Prince of Germany. VTheCrown Prince, speaking for autocracy, said, "The submarine is thelast argument of Kings." Our distinguished President met his challenge with the declaration that theworld must be made safe lor democracy. The battle was long and costly, but it has favorably determinedthe issue. Democracy lives andreitms. Thus the Church stands vindicated in the eyes of all civilizedmen.Dr. Van Dyke happily puts it thus:But that was a long while ago ;God said, "I an tired of kings,"And meantime man said, "NoI like their looks in their robes andrings"So he crowned a few more,And they went on playing thegame as before,Fighting and spoiling things.Man said, "I am tired of kings,Sons of the robber chiefs of yore:They make me pay for their lustand their war;I am the puppet, and they pull thestrings ;The blood of my heart is the winethey drink.I will govern myself for awhile, Ithink,And see what that brings."Then God, who made the first remark, smiled in the dark.II. The Church has sponsored theSabbath day. It has taught thatwhen God created the world,He rested on the seventh day andhallowed it for all time: that Heplaced the obligation of observing jthe seventh day as. a day of rest andworship in the very bosom of themoral code known as the Ten Commandments and has written it inthe human constitution; and that nonation can permanently endure thatdisregards the command to rememberthe Sabbath day to keep it holy.The world in its Godlessness hasmaintained that this contention of theChurch was an effort to foster uponthe world its unreasonable requirements which the world has delightedto speak of as "blue laws". Theuneodly have maintained thatthe developments of science have beensuch that the world has outgrown theold Mosaic requirements and that wehave gotten beyond the necessity ofhaving to give God one seventh ofour time.In the beginning of the war, ourown government was disposed to setaside the Decalogue. The emergencyof the hour seemed to demand thatemployees of the government shouldlabor seven days in the week, weekin and week out. We had not gonefar, however, before the ship builders underwent a radical change ofmind, and there was promulgated theorder that workmen in our ship yardsshould rest" every seventh day, andfrom the White House went forth theword that all government officialsshould, as far as possible, observe theSabbath day to keep it holy. Soagain, the war has vindicated theChurch.in. The Church has been mostpronounced in her denunciation of theliquor traffic and in her advocacy ofthe temperance cause. It has claimedthat intemperance is turning theblessings of God into a curse, acurse to body, mmd and soul; thatthe liquor traffic is the avowed andaggressive foe of Christianity anddoes more than all other forms of(evil to defeat the work which theChurch has m hand; and that thetraffic is an economical waste of bothfood stuffs and man power.The friends of the liquor traffichave met the claim of the Churchwith their plea for "personal liberty."They have held that men alwayshave drunk intoxicants and that theyalways will; and that it is5 the inalienable right of every individual todrink or not drink as he pleases, andsociety has no right to interfere withhis pleasure in the matter. At theoutbreak of the war it was confidently affirmed that to take intoxicants away from the people would robthe laboring man of his efficiency,and wouldNbe the occasion for riotsmany and bloody.But behold, what has happenedOur government, that has long heldthe stars and stripes over the accursedliquor traffic, giving it protectionwhile drawing from ,its accursed coffers blood money to carry on its governmental work, drew lines aroundabout its cantonments and made it unlawful to sell or give away intoxicating liquors within five miles ofthe cantnment. Our government,awakened to a sense of its responsibility to parents whose sons werecommitted to its care and keeping,and to the necessity of producing thegreatest efficiency in the conduct ofthe war, excluded from its soldiersand sailors that which it had beenprotecting through the years. Notonly so, but by act of congress itprohibited the manufacture and saleof liquors throughout the period ofthe war and until after the demobilization of the forces. In the meantime, one commonwealth after another has adopted state-wide prohibition, and we have every reasonto believe that in a few months aanother has adopted state-wide prosufficient number of states will haveso voted as to assure national prohibition. And what has taken placein our own country within the lastfew months has, in a measure, hapworld. Thus the war has vindicatedthe Church in its espousal of thecause of temperance.IV. The Church has had a voiceconcerning the social evils. It hasrecognized the urgency of the seventhcommandment, and claimed thatthere could be no double standard mthe question of the social life, onestandard for women and"another formen; and that both sexes were anKeunder the moral obligation to be socially clean. There were those whohpld that, in this contention theChurch was advocating a standardtoo high for attainment; that whileit was, in theory, a beautiful, thingto talk, in actual life it was notpracticable.But what says the war? Ourgovernment, recognizing that thesocial evil had in the past slain moresoldiers and sailors than hadshot and snell, took immediate anddrastic measures to exclude the denizons of the red light districts fromcontact "with the soldier boys. Everything that could be done, has beendnno hv the government to have themen in uniform live clean lives. Theresult is, the records show that themon ir arms are morally better thanthose in civil life. Proof abundanthas been supplied to show that violation of the seventh commandment isnot a necessity and that it is possiblefnr tyipti as well as women to 'live asGod has decreed in His holy com-mon1moTlfV. The Church has advocated that right?men should worsmp uou wuu -naTifotmvF fVip'r income. It has heldthat every good and perfect giftcometh down from the Father ofjights; that we are entirely dependentupon Him for our power to. getwealth; that He gives that businesssagacity and brings about those Conjunctions of circumstances over whichwe have no control, but taking advantage of which enables us to accumulate of this world's good; andthat in recognition of our dependanceupon Him, and as an expression oiour gratitude to Him we are underobligation to worship Him with atleast one tenth of our income.It has been objected that it was;mnniMa n Ascertain iust whatone's income is, and, if it was possible always to ascertain the income, togive one tenth of it to God in worshipwould mean bankruptcy. But the warhas in a surprising manner refutedboth of these arguments. Uncle Samhas taken a hand in the matter and hashelped men to find out without anyquestion of doubt just what their incomes are, and no longer can any onedodge the obligation of worshipingGod with a given percentage of hisincome because he is unable to knowwhat his income is. The governmentrecords will serve the Church in thefuture in helping its members to;.. .-.4- r nnnnlncinn ?T1 V O TYI t fvf".PT Imove au x wuwuoiuh m vw w,-. .And as for going- into bankruptcyby giving one tenth to the Lord, seewhat has happened. rne governabout the foe that excluded God fromthe universe and trusted in its arm ofmaterialism.BAD COLD QUICKLY BBOrEN TOMrs. Martha Wilcox, Gowanda, N."There is his downfall, the down- Y., writes: "I first used Chamiwrf all of the laboriously created machine Iain's Cough Bemedy about eightthat mechanized and brutalized Ger- I years ago. At that j time I naa amany heart and soul. He and hiclique set at naught two thousandyears of man's development. Theydefied the finer instincts of man,debauched the holy mission of education, worshiped at the temple of acrass materialism. For the Nazerenethey substituted, a tribal Gott."Defeat and physical death do notkill. The Nazarene lives. In thesuffering of the men who bore theCross in France, He triumphs. Theirrest is perfect in His peace. Theirglory - is imperishable for theywrought a New World."RotrnvPfl hv materialism, thatagainst which they contended is hurled to the depths of contempt. It isjust scorn that kills."Where today, is the arch-apostleof materialism, militarism, he of thef laming sword', senior partner of Me-und-Gott?Fled across the border toneutral Holland, shameful in defeatand daring' not to face the people hebetrayed! ."Where are the clerics who sworethat they alone knew the real god?"Where are the diplomats whomade faithlessness their creed andcore ajmr- tuc ov-lo a ".v-i. ."Where are the thousand professors who profest that might washard cold and coughed most of tketime. It proved to be just what Ineeded. It broke up the cold ia afew days, and the cough entirelydisappeared. I have told many of yfriends of the good I receivedthrough using this medicine, and allwho have used it speaks of it in thehighest terms." Obtained everywhere, (jan-adv),. oVery Much Out of Place.Among the guests at a reception wasa distinguished man of letters. One ofthe ladles present suggested to thehostess that he seemed to be out ofplace at such a party. "Yes," replied,the hostess-, with a bright smile, "yousee, he can't talk anything but sense."Where are the ten thousand servants who declared that their materialism bought them invincibility?"Where are the hundred thousandofficers of the kingly caste to whomthe citizen was dirt, and: who wrotetheir creed in flame and sword onBelgium?Theirs is shame, the shame thatkills. Of all history, they are theworld's supreme fools Their swordstruck through the superficiality, thecarelessness of a seemingly spiritually inert world. That world flamedback against them, and from east towest, from pole to pole, from Christian to freethinker, Mohammedan toheathen, it declared their creed ahateful vanity."All thiners seemed in their hands.The world was drifting under theirspell. Their espionage, theirmateriaistic skill their materialisticphilosophy seemed to be overcomingthe nations. Hardy in confidence,they struck, struck with the weightof forty years' preparedness."But not in Belgium, nor inFrance, nor in Servia, nor on theshamed seas could they defeat thePower that rose to meet them. Neither the stricken fields nor the reddened oceans gave back victory: Evernew forces rose to hurl them backand the solid line of the strugglingiemocracies bent and swayed but; tvould not break. Then came theturn, and four months were enough.i "Autocracy and militarism aredead. They are dead because theyFOR RENT.Store .room, fronting' on Mainstteet in Masonic Temple.Single room, second floorr rjmninswater, elevator acommodatfons, foroffice use or living apartment.0. T. HINTON,Agt., Masonic Temple.LOSTOn the streets of Paris a blacksilk umbrella with silver plate onhandle, initials, M. C. C." on plate.Finder leave at this office and receive reward.LOSTSomewhere on the streets of Parisa siver mesh purse. Finder returnto this office and receive reward.FOUNDOn Tenth street, a rubber boot(left) with wool-lined moccasin Inside. Owner can secure same by calEing at Wilmoth & Co.'s grocery.,proving property, and payingcharges. (20-tf)ment has claimed not merely one'tenth, but 50, 60, 75 per centand even 80 per cent of incomes, andyet, notwithstanding the fact that solarge a percentage of the incomeshave been claimed by the government,never were there so few bankruptciesas there have been the last year. Thehistory of the government in this regard, conclusively proves that the-worshiping God with one tenth of theincome' is both feasible and practicable. The Church has been vindicated. VI. Another thing for which theChurch has contended, is, that thespiritual is infinitely more valuablethan the material. She has all alongmaintained that the soul is of moreworth than the body, and that over,under, around and through the temporal, there is the eternal. TheChurch has ever sought to hold menand women to the 'conscious realization of accountability to God andsought to have men recognize therelative importance of the spiritualas over against me materia.The world has civen slight atten-!tion to this advocacy of the Church. ! front was allowed a three hours conThe attitudeof the world was voiced . f erence with Marshal Joff re. Heonly too clearly, though somewhat said that the most impressive incidentbluntly, by Napoleon when he said, j0f the convessaton came 'when the"God is always on the side of the , Marshal drew from an' inner pocketarmy with the greatest battalions. a Well worn letter written by aThis was the theory on which Ger- French mother to her son "in Canada,many acted when she precipitated the 1 and with unsteady voice read this,war in the belief that 'might was,iy aear jj0y. y0U m e grievedto learn that your two brothers havehad no inner life. Revealed, theyare utterly put to shame, made thesubject of the scbrn and ridicule ofthe world. It is that fact, the shame,that has killed them in the day andhour of their failure. Their archpriest dares not face the ruin hevrought and runs away. That is. theirend." 'Since the Church of the LivingGod (is the pillar and ground of thetruth, the question now arises,What is gonig to be your attitude,as an individual, toward both Christianity and the Church? Will youally yourself with the Church and thecause of Christ, or will you by withholding your support and co-operation,defeat, to the extent of yourability to help the work which theChurch and Christianity are seekingto accomplish in the world? Will youcontinue to enjoy the blessings whichthe Church and Christianity bring tothe community without giving themyour aid? Will you live the life ofI the parasite and play the part ofthe slacker?An American visitor at the FrenchFurs and HidesWe pay highest prices for iron,..hides, junk and. wool.MUNICH & WEDES & CO.,Eighth St., Paris, Ky..Cumb. Phone 37-i.(23-tf)To ParentsYou rush your child to the dentist when he has a toothache. Mostof you don't wait for actual troublebut bank on regular examination andcare to prevent it.But how about your son's anddaughter's eyes? Are they perfect?Are you sure they are not handicapped because of faulty vision?The general health and work in.school of almost nine out of tenchildren can be improved 50 percent, by properly fitted glasses.Let us examine your child's eyes.No guess work we know how.Dr. Wm. Riley FranklinSuite 205-6 First National Bank,Both Phones, Paris, Ky.:t.4-The Allies and the United Statesentered the conflict and have foughtit through to a happy finish ior noother reason that that of principle.We have maintained in this strugglethat to save the soul it was our dutyand privilege to lay down the body;that it would profit nothing for theindividual or the nation to gain thewhole world', if 'in the gaining, thesoul was lost. And there werethrust to the fore in the leadershipof affairs, men of outstanding pronounced religious principles likeLloyd George of Great Britian andWoodrow Wilson of America. On thefield of battle men like Haig, French,Byng and Allenby, Pershing, andFoch. All of these men are menwho recognize God, trust the LordJesus for their personal salvation,and seek divine guidance in all oftheir state or military affairs.Furthermore, I call to your attention a matter of significant importance. You recall that up toJuly 18th, the foe had things muchhis own way. It looked as though hewould reach his objectives, Paris andflie channel ports. About the. same!time, the British government andthe President of the United Statescalled upon the Christians of theirrespective countries to spend a dayin fasting and prayer and to. takea moment at every noon to look toGod for His intervention. LloydGeorge said that it was now a racebetween Hindenburg and Wilson. Seewhat happened. Around the bend ofthe road at Chateau-Thierry cameour boys in khaki. They leaped intothe fray only to meet the onrollngirresistable German torces ineFrench fell back and ordered theAmericans to do likewise, but ourforces, sustained by a supernaturalpower, answered, "We cannot "fallback," drove the point of their spearinto the very heart of the foe turnedthe whole tide of war, and from thatday to the signing of the armistice,the foe never won a battle.Soeakine of the marvelous thingsthat have happened on the- battlefield in the past few months ,thebeen killed. Their country neededthem and they gave everything theyhad to save her. Your country needsyou, and while I am not going to suggest that you return to fight forFrance, if you do not return, at once,never eome."Multitudes are living in that spirittoday He must have a callous soulwho can pass through times like theseand iret hear a voice whose calLmerimust answer, or else lose their souls.The- Church needs you, the cause ofChrist needs you. the wellfare ofyour country, your community, yourhome, needs you. Will you come?Are you willing to go "over the top"for Christ and your own soul? salvation?I xpened in other countries of the Newark Evening News lha3 this to.sayPARENTS, READ THISHow a Father Has Learned toSave Shoe Bills."My son is very hard on shoes, sokeeping him properly shod has bee"quite an expense to me," writes Mr. J.Allison Allen of Amity, Arkansas."But since I started to buy Neelinsoled shoes for him I have found thatit costs only about a third as much tokeep him in shoes."This is because Nealin Soles are sotough and durable that they wear avery long time. Shoe bills are keptdown because you don't need so manypairs.You can get Neslin-soled shoes atalmost any good shoe store. Theycome in all styles and for all membersof the family. Neolin Soles are alsoavailable everywhere for re-soling.They are produced by a scientific process to be what soles ought to be: comfortable, waterproof and long-wearing.They are made by The Goodyear Tire& Rubber Company, Akron, Ohio, whoalso make-Wingfoot Heels, guaranteedto outwear any other heels.neolin Solesxte Mat K. O.T. Fat. OC. - 7H -nrtt OK WCDCTFOCNEW fNTERNATIOHAlDICTIONARIES are in use by business men, engineers, bankers; fcf:judges, erchitects, i physicians,fanners, teachers, librarians, clergymen, by successful men andivomen the zoorld ovsr.H Are You Equipped to Win?The New International provides?,the means to success. It 13 an allknewing teccher, a universal quea-H If vou seek ef&ciencv nnd ad"-vancement why not make dailyusa of this vast fund of information? .400,000 VocabuIaxyTerma. 27S0Pajtt.6000 Illustrations. Colored Plates.P 30,000 Geographical Subjects. - 13,tH BRejular nd India-Paper Etftrnw.Writefree-imen pases,'illustration,etc Free, aset of PocketMaps if yonnam thispaper.G.&C.MERRIAMCO.,Springs!, Mass.E3SQ3SB2BmE(dec27-3tF)'JOM WHITE 4 CO,LOUISVHXt.KY." Ertab&Mial637M fuHvthffaMFURS(Ull-3sm24-F)QytIJJaVwJi1r -- " '? 7 A-'wA07;o ,vs-f . " - "V-. r JS. 'i.PRIDAT, JANDARY 10. 1919.THE BOURBON HEWS, PARK XENTUGKT-i f-V1GXSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.-. -si (vc Hi-it -ir.-nu-iTn-rTivHm tnw.Tti rr m- - irrT-rrTTTiiii iiii i i miIIXfffComings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.,ETTERS FROM BOURBON COUNTYSOLDIERS AND SAILORS-xIv.I-W59The following letter from PrivateMartin Glenn, of Paris, to his sister, Mrs. James W. Connell, of- EastParis, tells of his experiences in aFrench hospital, where he was takenafter having been badly wounded,and taken prisoner. Private Glennreceived wounds in the right side,and his right leg was broken. Hewas captured on October 15, andwas sent to the Red Cross Hospital,at Tours, Prance. The letter to hissister was written from, the Germanprison camp at Germerslinne, beforehe had been transferred to theFrench hospital. Private Glenn hadbeen reported previously as missingin action since Oct. 20. The letterfollows:"Germerslinne, Germany,"Dec. 13, 1918."My Dear Sister:"Just a few lines to let you knowhow I am and whereabouts. Guessyou have heard by this time that Iwas wounded and captured on Oct.15. My right leg was broken and Iwas shot in the right side. However,my side is well and pay leg is gettingalong fine."We have good attention and food.I expect to leave here right soon forParis, France, to enter AmericanBase Hospital there. It may not belong before we will be sent to theembourg. It is a beautiful place. Itlooks more like the . United. Statesthan any place I have ever seen inEurope Nearly all nationalitiesare represented here Germans,French, Americans, Belgians, Russians and Itaillians, but nonewho can speak good English ....Well, I have just received abunch of papers, THE BQURBONNEWS, all that I have ever received.I certainly enjoyed reading them. Iguess I will get another bunch soon.. I suppose all the housekeepersare fixing up for a big Christmas. Isurely wish I could be at home forthe big day. But the time won't belong until we will all be back inthe good old U. S. A. again Wellhow are you all getting along withyour crops? I guess you are aboutdone stripping tobacco by this time.....Well, there is so very little totell now that I will close with thewish to see you all very soon, and Ibelieve that my wish will be granted, for I think we will come homesoon."Yours Sincerely,"ELMER SHUMATE."Private Elmer Shumate,Battery B., 21st Field Artillery,American ExpeditionaryForces, France."oUnited States.. Well, sister, the war j WAR AN EXPENSIVE AFFAIR FORis ail over ana everyone is siaa isuppose. There was never anythinglike it in this world, and no one willever know anything about it exceptthose of us who went through itand survived."The French authorities are incharge here and French doctors andRed Cross nurses are just fine. Ihave learned to speak both Frenchand German by this time. I wroteto mother last week. It takes solong to get any mail over here."Received a letter from dear littleMartha that was forwarded from theStates. Give both my dear littlegirls a kiss for me and don't forgetmy little man. Will close for thistipe."Don't worry about me. I am allright. Wishing you all a MerryChristmas and a Happy New Year,and with love to all, I am,"Your devoted brother,"MARTIN GLENN."FOR AMERICAMrs. Robert Langson continuesvery ill at her home on Stoner avenue. Miss Katherine Preston, guest ofParis friends, has returned to herhome. in Lexington.Miss Alary Nickerson has returned to her home in'Flemingsburg, after a. visit .to relatives in Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Henry Tucker havereturned from a visit to the tetter'sniece, Mrs. John C. Brunker, in Nicholas county.Miss Judith Lloyd has returnedto her school' duties at Hamilton College," in Lexington, after a visit torelatives in this city.Lieut. Logan Caldwell, of Danville, was a guest of Mr. Hiram Roseberry for the dance at the MasonicTemple, Monday night.Squire John Shropshire and son,Mr. Frank Shropshire, have returnedfrom Edmonson county, where theyhave been several days on a successful hunting tripMiss Martha Ferguson will entertain at her home on the Georgetown pike, to-morrow afternoon, inhonor of Miss Alice Clay, and Mrs.James Thompson, Jr., of near Paris.Mr. and Mrs. William E. Pattonhave returned from their bridal tour,and are temporarily at the home ofMrs. Patton's parents, Mr. and Mrs.Dan W. Peed, on South Main street.Miss Mary Fithian Hutchcraft,of this city, has been added to thefaculty of the Cynthiana HighSchool, having the chair of Englisliand History in the Junior and SeniorClasses. Miss Hutchcraft is a graduate of Transylvania University, Lexington, and of Wellesley College, inMassachusetts. She is a young wo-WASHINGTON, Jan. 9. It costthe American people aDoui' f intellectual attainments.to run its war, thei , . . ,,. Q r ,ill &EVESSBQUT EBCTO7Sa3CVS-IK"KEA3ii4SMS BUICKHSPSh 1l.The following letter is from Private William Casey, to his grandmother, Mrs. John McHvaine, inParis:"Nov. 26, 1918."My Dear Grandmother:"Well I guess everyone at home ishappy now that the war is over, theysure are over here. ,"We do not know when we will gethome, but hope not long."I am still in the hospital, but getting along pretty good."Grannie inclosed you will find aclipping out of the paper of the(32 Div.) that is the one that I wasin and it sure was a fighting bunch.v "Grannie, there is lots I can tellyou, but will wait till I get home socan -tell it lots "better."I got hurt in the Argonne Woods.I guess you saw in the papers whato - fltrht it was. I went over thetop (5) five times and got it thefifth tipie. Will tell you all about-At when I get home."Well, Grannie, I will close forthis time and hope this letter willfind you wBl and happy and I hopeyou will have a big Happy ChriStmaS. . , A"With a heart full of love and abig kiss, from your loving grandson,U15 ' "BUDDIE."Mr Fillmore Shumate, of nearno-o -ha received the following letter from his son, Private Elmer Shumate, who is a member of BatteryB 21st Field Artillery, AmericanExpeditionary Forces, in France:"With the American Expeditionary Forces, France,"December 7, 1918.S18.600.000.000government and loans to allies inthe year ending Dec. 31, 1918, according to computations from Treasury reports.December expenditures sent warcosts to date about $24,500,000,000.Of the 18,160,000,000 paid out oft.ViA irrpjisurv's coffers in 1918, pro-hablv S10.000.000.000 went for the iarmy and the general military establishment about $2,000,000,000, forthe navy, $1,000,000,000 for theshipbuilding program, $l,000,000j000for other civil Government needs and$4,150,000,000 as loans to America'sbrothers in arms.With the last four days of theyear not yet tabulated it is shownthat receipt from taxes, customs andmiscellaneous revenue amounted toSAfiR7.063.000. of which$2,949,032,000 came from incomeand excesss profits taxes alone;Sl.124,510,000 from other Federaltaxes: only $171,000,000 from cue-.. J J" :.4n nnd Vr Y0toms auties uu uupuxio, au. m .mainder, or about $441,000,000 frommiscellaneous revenue sources.In the year $6,038,000,uuu- nascome into the' Treasury from thefourth liberty loan ' and$4,171,000,000 from the third libertyloan. In addition -$13,802,000,000worth of certificates of indebtednessshave been sold and subsequentlylargely redeemed .from liberty loanreceipts. War savings and certificates have brought $953,000,000 intothe Treasury which, with the exception of $10,000,000 worth of thesesmall securitiee sold in December,1917, represents the entire harvestfrom war savings and thrift stamps inthe year they have been on the mar-;ket. War savings receipts this monthamount- to- about $60,000,000. Theway in which war expenses havemounted from month to month isshown by the following table of expenditures! ' ....January, 1918 $1,090,000,000Februarv . 1,012,000,000March 1,155,000,000,Anril ..-.- 1.215.000,000May' j.,ou,uuu,uuu,June , 1,512,000,000July 1,608,000,000August 1,805,000,000September 1,557,000,0.00.October - x,ooi-fuuu,uuuNovember 1,935,000,000December 2,100,000,000These figures include the loans toallieswhich have been made at anaverage of about $340,000,000 amonth. fcoand will be a valued member of thefaculty of the Cynthiana school. Shewill be a member of the household ofher aunt, Mrs. James C. Deman, during her residence in Cynthiana.(Other Personals on Page 5)'o :) HEAD AND NOSTRILSSTUFFED FROM COLD'Tape's Cold Compound" EndsCold or Grippe in a'Tew Hours.The assurance of material for quantityproduction of Buick cars enables theBuick Motor Company to establish thefollowing prices on the various Buickmodels, effective January first, 19 19.These prices will not he changed duringour present desists selling agreements."To the Folks:"I ill drop you a fe ; lines ; to let.. t tnat I am well, and hopethis will find you the same....have 3ust finished a seven-day hikeana we are now in the state of LouMcADOO'S SUCCESSOR NOT YETSELECTEDHiifflisi-fiet at tfaeEeal Cause Take Dr..- Edwards' Olive TabletsThat's what jEhowands of gomachr- r rlaiSff HOW. Hca wm dteMfe they are- KhSreal .cause, ot the. ajlmeat closed fiverIinaSothing, healing way. WhenSSbS todion away goes indigestionand stomach troubles.if vou have a Bad taste ia youiJStoEsS coated, appetite poaviStoSS feeling, no ionwL-2JM with undigested foods,.ffigSS OHve Tablet? jre;i'. Jft1SetfiIe compound xmsedjifliZZZZ rS You' wiM know tnem py ucu-Sor.Y?b5 tbe work w;tl pt2fjgcic er box. AU drewPresident Wilson's probable selection of a Director General of railroads to succeed Wiliam. G. McAdbowas still a matter of speculation anddoubt Saturday among officialsi nWashington. Mr. McAdoo now plansto leaver for a vacation in California'next Thursday, and unless the President cables his appointment befoiethem, the Director General will continue to exercise his functions. Already he has arranged to take withhim to the West his railroad assistant, Oscar A. Price, and stenographerin preparation of work.The- name- of,;Winthrop M. .Daniels, chairman of the Interstate Commerce Commission, figured in spec-julation over, appointment of a newg?r5US? cr trvfc? to patch up a Director General while Secretary;CTtackmg.thejTMI. and Walker" D. Hines, assistant Director General, also are frequently mentioned in the discussions. Some officials profess to believethat 'the President will not name? aman. closely, connected with railroadoperation or finance, but will prefera man-who would view the railroads"from the outside.",Try to live so that the editor ofyour home-paper won't nave togroan: "God forgive me for lying!"when he has to say nice things aboutyou in your obituary. NoOld heads on young shoulders arenot so apt to get it in the neck.Your cold will break and all thegrippe misery end after taking a doseof "Pape's Cold Compound" everytwo hours until .three doses aretaken.It promptly opens clogged-up nostrils and air passages in the head,stops nasty discharge or nose, running, relieves sick jieaaacneOjUiiness, feverishness, sore throat, sneezing, soreness and stiffness.Don't "stay stuffed -up! Quitblowing and snuffling! Ease yourthrobbing head nothing else in theworld gives such prompt relief as'Pape's Cold Compound," whichcosts only 'a few cents at any-drugstore. It acts without assistance,tastes nice, and causes no inconvenience. Accept no substitute.(adv)oTHE WOBX OF U. S,BOYS' WORKING RESERVEAt the annual mid-winter meeting of the Kentucky Press Association held in Louisville, December27-28, the work of the U. S. Boys'Working Reserve was outlined byGeorge B." Stephens, Executive StateDirector of the Reserve. At the closeof his remarks'the editors gave theirhearty endorsement of the movement. The statement or neroertHoover,- who is now making a foodsurvey of Europe, that America mustfeed the world was stressed, Theshortage of farm labor was discussed.Military and civil authorities werequoted to show that many men entering 'the' army from the farms will notreturn to the farms to stay. To fillthe gap the boys from the cities andtowns and those living on the farmsmust become larger farm producers.The tfanh Cr&ft Eessons to be taughtin the schools were referred to.oTT.AMTIS RAGE WHILE EIREThree Passenger Open Model K-Six-44Five Passenger Open Model K-Six-45 -FourPassenger Closed Model H-Six-46Five Passenger Closed Mddei H-Six-47 -SevenPassenger Open Model H-Six-49Seven Passenger Closed Model H-Six-50$149514951985-.219517552585-.4 -Buick Motor CompanyJ 5Flint,Michigan'.Pioneer Builders of Vai ve-iu-Head Motor Gars.-.-$.-"-"?V-'MJr-rL.-yvfriNtjyargwifiiry-,ryfKtV''i'-. - . .i.f.-w. .m-JJauTU.ai.ae?l3;JU-.. fi.TAi aTOni3S4Ci .34?C. S. BALL GARAGEHGHTEBS steikeWith two-thirds of Cleveland'sfiremen absent from the stations intheir effort to enforce theight-hourday, fire broke out in the four-storyEuclid' building, in the heart ot tuedowntown section.A general alarm brought twelvefire companies to the, scene. The.flames had' gained such headway thathope-of saving the Ku'clid buildingwas abandoned and efforts were directed to check the spread of theblaze to the adjoining1 buildings.With' the arrival -of fifty firemenwho- were off duty, including several engineers who maned idle ehcines. the fire was put under 'control.The Euclid' building was eniireiy uestroyed. FireChief. Wallace estimated,the loss, at .f 1.0.0, 000.--o' Crtctriit- iSit, i&hd anuWalkerect' Tfils keepffour circulation In order and also ( expands our lungs to the fullest 'Beetraight like the Indian who believedin hotner erect and-In reaching hishighest stature that he might the better listen to the "voice of the GreatSpirits-Camp Fire Magazine Wokepo:ALWAYS EEIIABLEParis Experiences Going Back TorSix Years.Kidney weakness can be cured.But what caused it once will causeit again.Here's a Paris woman who hashad several attacks.Several times in four years Mrs.Newman has used Doan's KidneyPills.She says that Doan's have neverfailed her.Six years, ago Mrs. Newman puhlicly endorsed Doan's.She confirms her statement Whatbetter proof of merit?Proved by years of experience.. Told by Paris oeopte.This is convincing testimony:Mrs. G-. W. Newman, .East Tenxnstreet, says: "I had backaches andheadaches and. at times was verynervous. My kidneys were weak andinactive. I heard about Doan's Kidney Pills and used them and theysoon had me feeling better in everyway."Mrs. Newman gave the above account of her experience with Doan'sKidney Pills on January 17, 1912,and on November 9, 1916, she said:"I still use Doan's Kidney Pills attimes when I find it necessary. Ihave always received the same goodresults, although I do not nave somii oh trouble as I used to."PrioA fino. at all dealers. Dontlsimply ask for a kidney remedy vgetDoan's Kidney Pills the; same thatMrs. Newman had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv). : 0. :INSURANCE!FIRE TORNADO AUTOMOBILE HAILWatch for the expiration of your Ipoiicitsandletus have some of your renewalsYERKES &At farmers & Traders BankGEOT W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR ,Motor EquipmentBOTH PKONE5-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky-IXiiXSSttfesKThat we will vork tooth and nailfrom now till- the last day of theApril drive to oversubscribe thatFifth Liberty Loan.- That we will oversubscribe it.That we will finish our job.tJTJB, NEW YEAR RESOLVES."That" peace will "find us backingUncle Sam as strongly as we backedAfter a woman has been marriedfor ten years it -disgusts her to reada story in which the heronie aurasdown the wealthy villian and marries jthe poverty-stricken hero.him in'war. ' , ,That' between now and.Aprjl wewill lay every possible stone of theeToWdwork for the Fifth, LibertyLoan and leave no act undone whichwin tenoT to keep1 alive and, if possible; quicken the consiousness of thenation that saving and1 thrifare peace esentials as well aswar essentials.That we Viil exert our every effortto stop trafficking, in bonds of thefirst four loans.That we will smite as- lustly as ofyore the German propagandists whowhine about the impossibility of putting over another popular loan andwho state oh "inside information rtneI WOMEN. OF SEDENTERY HABITSWomen who get little exercise arelikely to be troubled with constipating n-nH Indigestion and will findChaimberlain's Tablets highly beneficial. lSTot so good as a three or fourmile walk every day, but very muchbetter than to iallow the bowels toremain in a constipated condition.They are easy and pleasant to takeand most agreeable in . effect. Obtainable everywhere.uan-aav;: OAfter a woman has been marriedfor twenty years and has raised ahalf dozen children, it makes hersnort with disgust to hear a newlymarried woman brag about her twinbeds.r-o r-1919Wilmoth&Co.Extend to all theirpatrons and friendsNEW -YEAR'SGREETINGS'that the banks will subscribeFifth Loan.CONSTIPATION AND INDIGESTION"I have used Chamberlain's jTab-lets and must say'tney-are ,me, o&i.I have ever used for constipationand indigestion. My wife also usedthem- for indigestion and they -didher good," writes Eugene S. Knight,Wilmitfgton, N. C. Obtainable everywhere. (jan-adv)Ar cordial invitationis extended to .thegeneral public for ashare of its businessduring 1919.M.WBTH"JGrocery GPhone 376K1iNi?1GE FOUl'THE BOUBBON NEWS, PABIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, JANDARY I(T, 1910. Hll11ari'teI'WOMEN'S ACTIVITIES.At The Bed Gross Sewing Booms.The rooms were occupied Tuesdayby the U. D. C. and the W. C. T. U.;Wednesday by the ladies of the Episcopl church; yesterday by theYoung Women's Mission Circle; andto-day will be occupied by the members of The Progressive Culture Club.Knitters Demobilized.Miss Ranah Owens, chairman, hasreceived orders to demobilize theknitters of the Bourbon CountyChapter. All garments which havebeen begun are to be finished, if possible, by January 15, and togetherwith the left-over yarn and RedCross needles, delivered to MissOwens. The great quantity of yarnwhich the Chapter has no hand, is tohe weighed and packed to await further orders.An Appeal.The Surgical Dressings Department asks your help. The comforta"ble room will be open to-day, and,"workers are asked to respond to thisurgent call.Iiayettes for babies of Tefugeewomen are to be made. These aresimple garments of outing clotheasy to make. Lend a hand.Club Programs.- The following programs representthe activities for the week of theClubs of Paris, beginning with TheParis Literary Club, whose meetingwas held on Wednesday afternoon at2:30 o'clock.THE PARIS LITERARY CLUB, JAN.JAN. 8, 2:30 P. M.Outline of Old Testament History:The Period of Probation Creaation.to the Deluge.The Period of Preparation Deluge to Exodus.-. The Period of Conquest Exodusto Monarchy.The" Period of Power Saul toKingdom Divided.The Period of Decline Division ofn Kingdom to Captivity.The Period of Servitude Captivity to Birth of Christ.Leader Miss Fithian.PROGRESSIVE CULTURE CLUB,JAN. 9, 2:30 P. M.Coal and Oil Fields; Mrs. Tucker.Cement, Graphite and Fire ClayMrs. Sims.Salt Fields, How Worked Mrs.Hargis.THE ART CLUB.January 11, 2:30 p. an., with Mrs."" Sutherland.SaracenicArchitecture of the MohammedansMrs. Power.The Alhamhra Mrs. Caywood.Architecture in India Mrs. Kerslake. Roll Call Examples of SaracenicArchitecture.The W. C. T. U. will hold its firstmeeting of the year with Mrs. Myall,Monday, January 13, at 2:30 p. m.4T). A. E. Surpassed Only by BedCross.Only the Red Cross has surpassedthe D. A. R. in patriotic service during the war. The National Society,D. A. R.,"pought a $100,000 LibertyBond, and'jcollected the large part of& $50,00p,fund to restore Tilloloy, aJFrench village near the home ofLaFayette)At a meeting, Friday, Jan. 3, thelocal chapter elected the followingofficers: . "jtegent Miss Blanche Lilleston.Vioe-Regent-'Mrs. W. G. Talbott.Recording Secretary Mrs. JohnBower.Corresponding Secretary Mrs. J.H. Ewalt.Treasurer1 Mrs. H. H3. Foster.Registrar Mnr. Elizabeth Grimes.Chaplain Mrs. T. H. Clay, Sr.Historian -Miss Letltia ClayHedges'. . 'THE NORTH MIDDLBTOWN WOMAN'S.CLUB. JAN. 10. 2:30 P. M.Musicale.Business Session.Hostess-Mrs. Horace Bacqn.The following program will berendered at the musicale to be givenby the iforth Middletown Woman'sClub, this afternoon, at the home ofMrs. Horace M. Bacon, in that city:Karche 'Hongroise Op 13 ... .; . . t .' Kowalski" MrjL Strother Mitchell.Lullaby 'From "Jocelyn" Godard0r-Thy Blue Eyes MassanetMy Hearf Is A Lute r. . .v.. .1. Huntington WoodpianBeloveds .It Is Morn.m g fl Florence Aylward, " " Jrs. Robjt. G. Jones."Vatee bp 46. . r. . ChopinUvx. Strother D. MitchellA SonglFrom The Woods DraperMrs. Robt. G. Jones.WEST SfiHT TBAOTNG CAMP TO.;beenlabged.The War Department plans forUrge artillery training fields at Westpit, Ky,Before proceeding with furtherwork o& project, Secretary BakermU, tHLrioe and approval c .Con-T-jraairsd,.although all Amer'Itaa aiMtany advisers believed thetoU was '"absolutely essential forprppcr training of the regular armyfrf mm thae." ,v .RELIGIOUS. ,The Christian Endeavor Societyof the Presbyterian church will meetSunday at 6:30 p. m. Subject,"The Practice of Kindness." Leader,Miss Eleanor Lytle.The Women's Society of theParis Christian church will meetnext Tuesday for an all-day sewingat the Red Cross rooms. It is earnestly desired that there be a largeattendance. "The pulpit at the Paris Presbyterian church will be filled Sundayby Rev. J. W. Coltfilter, of Bardstown. Rev. J. J. Rice, the pastor,will be out of town. Services willbe held at 11:00 a. m. and 7:15p. m.The Endeavor Society of theChristian church will meet at theusual hour, 6:00 o'clock, Sundaynight, in the church parlors. Thesubject for discussion will be "ThePractice of Kindness." Leader, MissElizabeth Clark.METHODIST CHURCHSunday School at 9:30 a. m.The furnace will be in order and thehouse will be heated. The pastor'ssubject at 10:45 will be,-"Our NewTask." It is hoped that every memmer will hear this message. Epworth League at 6:15 p. m., andnreaching: again by the pastor at 7p. m.RESOLUTIONS OP EESPECT CAPT.REUBEN B. HUTCHCEAFT.Paris, Ky., Jan. 4, 1919.One of our most beloved brothershas cheerfully, gallantly and characteristically offered his life to the awful demands of our war. Word comesto us and his loved ones, that thewar has demanded of him that whichhe offered.Captain Reuben Brent Hutchcraftwas "killed in action."In his early majority brotherHutchcraft was made a Master Mason and well has he proven himselfworthy. Long will he live in ourmemory; long will his worthinesscontinue to inspire his brothers, andlong will his achivements fire theambitions of those to whom they willbe oft times related.We have missed Reuben from ourcircle in the lodge and from ourmidst in every day life, since his enlistment missed him and wishedhim home again and we shall misshim more during the long absencethat is to come. His place in thelodge, alike in his business, his profession and his pleasures, and moreespecially in his home, can never befilled. Mindful of this as we are, wegrieve his1 loss together with hisother associates and his family.Reuben was always surprising uswith his accomplishments. We hadseen him succeed and achieve as alawyer, as a professor and as a statesman. Little did we reckon him a soldier. He was so pnany other thingsthat to us seemed more important.But his success was no less marked.As a soldier he did what he has doneas a lawyer, a professor, a statesman,a friend and a Mason. He gave allthat was in him to give (which wasno little mite.) "He gave until ithurt."Because of these and hundreds ofother things . we can never findwords to express, we do now, sadly,reluctantly to bend to the will of theAlmighty in humble submission,draft these resolutions:BE IT THEREFORE RESOLVED,That we as men and Masons can onlylnope to be ana do as our deceasedBrother Hutchcraft was and did, inorder that we may the better be prepared to greet him on the other sideafter our short allotted space of timeon these shores shall have expired.BE' IT FURTHER .RESOLVED,That we extend to his loved ones, hismother, his father and his sisters, asympathy which is real and true andwhich springs from us as a body ofMasons and as individuals.BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED,That one copy of these, our resolu-tions, be furnished the family ofBrother Hutchcraft.BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED,That the secretary cause these resolutions to be published and to bespread upon the Minute Books of theO. T. HINTON,M. H. H. DAVIS,R. R. MCMILLAN.Committee from the Paris Lodge No.2, F. & A. M.oB-4 PI REInsure withW.O. HINTON &SON,AglsoSADIEVILLE, VISITED BY A DISASTROUS ITBE.Three business houses in Sadieville,Scott county, on the other side of therailroad track, burned to the groundWednesday, including the SadievilleMilling Company, owned by Dr. C.C. Collins and his brother, Will Collins; the general merchandise storeof Thomas F. Sherritt and the 'liverystable of Davis and Parker.It is understood that the fire originated in the livery stable and wascaused by an overheated stove.The loss is estimated at about525,000. The mill was valued at$6,000 and contained 8,000 bushelsof wheat, besides feed and othergrains, worth at least $5,000 more.Mr, Sherritt carried a stock of merchandise valued at about $7,000.oFlft. Wind and ' LightningInsura, Woodford & BryanRCVaSheriff's SaleOFT AXE S !Monday, Feb. 3, 1919,In front of the court house doorin Paris, Ky., about the hour ofnoon, I will expose to public sale fordelinquent State and county tax, forthe year 1918, the following described real estate, or enough thereofthat may be necessary to satisfy thesaid tax and the penalty and thecost of said sale. If any error ordouble assessments occur in theselists, please notify us so that corriections can be duly made.W. G. McCLINTOCK,Sheriff Bourbon County.PARIS (White.)Broomhall, Cora 14.15Bishop, Elizabeth v. . 52.61Caywood & McClintock 40acres , 44.10(Sold to Paris Realty Co., and nowowned by R. A. Mitchell.)Collins, Bruce 9.43Doyle, Kate, estate 12.06Delaney, Cora 7.83Daniels, K. F 40.96Gaines, J. H 10.56Haggard, J. H. agt. Nicholas 11.00Haggard, J. H., agt. Brown 5.71Haggard, J. H., agt. Ayers. . 12.06Hilton, J. W 14.12Horine, Kate 2.56Kendall, Nannie . . 6.15Laughlin heirs 2.56Lynch, Hattie L 18.39Martin, Mrs. J. H 17.10Mastin, John, estate 7.81Martin, Riley 10.77Overby, Hazel ". . 12.06Ogle, Jessie 2.08Peterson, Ballard 11.52Plummer, Clarence 5.96Richardson, Thos 468Rudder, Virginia 12.06Snyder, T. J 18.39Stitt, HarmonTaylor, ElizabethThomas, Geo. W., MrsWilliams, J. T., estate . . .Walls, Samantha, guardian8.668r875.648.9629.12MILLERSBURG (White. )Banta, Geo., house and lot. .Bishop, Wm house and lot .Gaunce, C, house and lot . .Green, Ed., house and lot . .Linville, Wm., house and lotMitcheltree, Alice, house andlotSmith, W. H. and Pearl, houseand lotThomas, S. F., house and lot7.795.346.614.754.758.383.854.50CLINTONVJLLE- (White. )Bell, Bob 18.02HUTCHISON (White.)Earlywine, H. H 4.27Godman, Millard . . J 8.37CENTERVILLE (White )Leach, Margaret '. 7.24Smith, Elmer 4.27Slade, Ada 7..S6Wilcox, Nettie 5.02RUDDLES MILLS (White)Claypoole, Birch .- 11.31Kiser, Lizzie7.362.675.447.36Moore childrenMaharney, T. BShea, Joanna, estateNON-RESIDENTS.Brown, Lida, house and lot,Paris ; . . . . $ 13.23Cairns, Thos., heirs, land, 3acres 23.87Hanson, Sarah, 2 houses andlots, Paris, Second St., 3.17Hardie, Fannie, land, 23 acresCenterville 14.91Musselpian, Jos. F., house andlot, Pleasant St 19.41Martin, Jas., trustee, land '31.12Stephens, Mrs. E. L., houseand lot, Stoner avenue . . 2.03Saulter, Ed., gdn., 2 housesand lots, Main street . . 48.95Sprake, Bettie, house and lotWhite' Addition 2.68Snyder, T. J., house and lotThomas, Joe, house and lot,Lilleston avenue9.938.5211.048.96Wakefield & Moore, houseand lot, White Addition . .Young, J. F., land, 9 acres . .oPARIS (Colored.)Ayers, Nat, est, house and lotParis $Ayers, Joe, house and lot,ParisAyers, Anderson, house and lotParisBatts, Eliz, house and lot,Paris . . . .iBoyd, W. H., house and lotBuckner, Allen, house and lotParis ;. ..Brown, Mary E., house and lotParisColeman, Chas. and Sherman,house and lot, Paris ....Corbin, Addie J., house and lotParisClark, Henry, house and lotParisDarnell, Leo H., house and lot,Paris . . . .! . . .Dodge, Cassell, 'house and lot,ParisDavis, Hawe, house and ' lotParisEmerson, Ed, house and lot,Paris .Frazier, Chas., house and lotParisFields, Maria, house and lot,ParisFreeman, Wm., house and lotParisFerguson, Annie, house and lotParis Fields, Jim, house and lot,ParisFields, Mary, house and lot,Paris . .Fields, George, house and lot,Paris ; , . .Fuller, Josie, house and lot,3.955.496.945.837.905.494.489.504.485.496.465.495.495.493.91S.916.9S3.915.493.915.49S.914.38.8.85.Paris.Gaines, W. A. & Co., house andlot, Paris.Gaines, Mary and Henry, houseaot, pansGriggs, Watson, est. .house andlot, Paris 6.85Gaines, Sadie, house and lot,Paris 3.91Galliher, Chas., house and lotParis 5.49Garrett, Sanford, house andlot, Paris 6.93Hawkins, Allen, house and lotParis 5.97Hutchison, John, house and lotParis 5.97Harris, Allen, house and lot,Paris 9.81Johnson, Belle, house and lot,Paris.1. 8.69Jacoby, Doc, heirs, house andlot, Paris 3.91Judy, Mary Ann, house and lotParis 15.87Johnson, Maria, house and lotParis 391'Johnson, Thomas, house andlot, Paris 5.49Jackson, Nathan, est., houseand lot, Paris 3.41Johnson, Ben, house and lotParis : . 6.93Lanam, Pres., est., house, andlot, Paris . . 3.91Lewis, Carrie, house and lotParis 3.91Lewis, Alice, house and lotParis 3.91McAfee, Mary, house and lot,Paris 3.91Mack, Andrew, house and lotParis 6.93Moore, Steve, est., house andlot, Paris. . . . v 4.85Mitchell, Mattie, heir, houseand lot, Paris 3.91Mickens, Eliza, house and lotParis 3.91Myers, Wm., house and lot,Paris' .' 5.98Matson, Thos., house and lot,Paris 6.93Nayles, Bettie, house and lot,Paris 3.91Parker, Ed., house and lot,Paris 5.49Porter, George, house and lot,Paris 6.93Parker, Luther, house and lot,Paris 5.49Robinson, Dave, est., houseand lot, Paris 5.34Rice, George, house and lot,Paris 5.02Rankin, John, house and lotParis 5.04Simpson, Mattie, house and lotParis 6.30Stone, Brice, house and lot,Paris 10.77Stephens & Green, house andlot, Paris 3.41Turner, Forrest, house and lot,Paris 7.35Tibbs, Eliza, house and lot,Paris , 3.91Thomas, Sallie, house and lot,Paris 3.91Thomas, Annie .house and lot,Paris 7.25Williams, Amelia, house andlot, Paris 6.29Williams, Amanda, house andlot, Paris 4.48Washington, Sarah, house andlot, Paris6.30MDLLERSBURG ( Colored. )Allen, Geo house and lot . .6.294.165.496.299.49Allen, Mollie, house and lot . .Maker, Sarah, house and lotBakdr, Sam, house and lot. .Berry, T. H., house and lot. .Clark, Wm., trusteee, Rosa,house and lotClark, Carl, house and lot . .Clay, Amanda, estate, houseand lotClay, Geo. B., house and lotGlenn, Jas., house and lot. .Glenn, Dan, house and lot.:Glenn, Joe, house and lot. . . .Griggs, Lettie, house and lotHerod, Eph., gdn., house andlot.- . . ' . . . . .-.-..Hagins, Jno., W., house andlot.. .. .'Hedges, Joanna, house and lotJohnson, Maggie, house andlot vJanuary, Lizzie, house and loto go4;694.696.295.765.76"5.T64.163.645.764.164.164.90Jones, John, grdn., house andVl0t' 4.90Jones, Cassie, house and lotKing, Frank, est., house andloMason, Geo., house and lot. .Porter Mattie, house and lotPindle, Chas., house and lotPerry, Wm., house and lot. .Robinson, M. J., house and lotSharp, Sam, est., house andlot .-:Turner, Chas., house and lotWilson, Smith, est., house andlotWashington, Henry, houseand lotWatts, Jim, house and lot. .Whaley heirs, house and lot.,3.63S.6310.833.365.235.764.113.897.363.895 504.. 9 52.57LITTLE ROCK (Colored)Holton, James, house and lotLewis, Elisha, house and lotSharp, C. W., house and lot6.838.428.42NORTH MIDDLETOWN (Colored.")Black, Ellen, house and lot :Claysville 3.63Cage, Leela, house" and lot,Claysville . 5.76Cunningham, Charlotte, house 'and lot -4.70Duncan, Frank and Ben, -North Middletown 8.95Dickson, Mary, heirs, house -"and lot, Clavs . . .. v.'.. 4.70,Finch, Peter, house and lot, ' 'North Middletown 10.76Harper, Bettie, est., house andlot, Claysville ' . . '4.16Jones, Kate, house and' lot,Claysville , : . . ' 5.23Lamb, Green, est., house and.lpt, Claysville ....'.... "4.70Mack, Robt., "Jr., house and , ,lotj'Kerrville. . .... .. 5.76Mitchell, John, house and lot,Claysville ". "5.76Thompson, Frank, house ani ( '"'lot, Claysville .' 57$.Trumbo, Amanda, house and ' , .lot, Claysville, . . . ?., . ',6,8Wilson, Sam, house and lot, . " J ;Claysville ,.. .,. 5.76Williams., Clay, heirs, ' hous,e, , ". t - jand lot Claysville . . ..., . . f;"9.49. ,. v. ,CLINTONVILLE (Colored)Beatty, Jajmes, house tand lpt,. , ,Clintonvllle , 5.7,6.Blddle, Walter, Turnse and,,-lot, Clintonville ,. .. , ...,j. 6.29Blddle, Dave, house and Jot; .'t 1.,!IIIFRANK&COLADIES'CLEARANCESALENOW GOING ONV Special Prices OnSHEETSSHEETINGBLANKETSCOTTON BATTSFor ComfortsExtra Special PricesSUITSCOATSand DRESSES. REMNANTS OF ALL KINDSFRANK & CO.LADIES'lClintonvllle . . '.Brooks, John, house and lot,Claysville5.765.757.894.167.895.76jcivuoia, win, nouse ana lot,J ClintonvllleJb'ieias, Mary, nouse and lot,ClintonvilleHenderson, Noah, house andlot, ClintonvilleHickman, Lige, house and lot,ClintonvilleJones, Mary Frank, house and. lot, Clintonville6.835.765.764.166.305.235.386.834.184.705.763.636.304.16! Jacksp,n. Clarence, house andioi, uiintonviiieJones, Israel, house and lot,ClintonvilleMiles, Eliza, house and lot,ClintonvilleMyers, Henry, house and lot,ClaysvilleMason, Robt., house and lot,ClaysvilleMiller, Eliza, house and lot,Claysville . . " (.Penn, John, house and lot,ClaysvilleParker, Christine,, house andlot, Claysville ..Riddle, America, house andlot, ClaysvilleTaylor, James, house and lot,ClaysvilleThompson,. Georgia, houseand lot, Claysville . .Wilson, Orange, house andlot, Claysville. vvaLLS JGiiniiy, nouse ana lot,.jiaysvmeHUTCHISON (Colored. )Brown, Arch, house and lotCurrent, Jas., house and lotFrazier, Charlotte, house andlot.. ..-Vickers, Jas., house and lot5.768.854.168.42j CENTERVILLE (Colored.)Brown, Elijah, house and lotChinn, Ike, house and lot . .' Jackson, Nat and Sarah, housej and lotLodge, F. & C. M., house andj lot6.836.307.364.704.163.637.896.83Griffin, Margaret, house and, lotLodge, Long Union, houseand lotPorter, Albert and John, houseand lotThomas,' Albert and Mary,house and lotWinston, Garfield, house-and. lot6.30RUDDLES MILLS (Colored.)Bell, Rosa, house and lot,Ruckerville 4.16Bishop, John est, house andlot, Ruckerville 4.16Curtis, Eliza, house and lot,, , Rucjcerville . . - 4.16Douglas, Mary, house and lotRuckerville 3.63Dodge, Annier house and lot,Ruckerville 4.70jFantelroy, Rachel, house and. lot, Ruckerville 3.63Green, Ed., trustee, house andj lot; Ruckerville 8.95"Johnson, 'Ann, house aad lotj Ruckerville .-.... ;,. , 4.1$OUTFITTERSOUTFITTERSJohnson, Julia, estate, houseand lot, Ruckerville ....Johnson, Warren, estate, houseand lot 5.23Lawson, Harriett, house andlot, Ruckerville 4.70Love, Chas., estate, house andlot, Ruckerville 4 igMedinger, Mattie, house andlot, Ruckerville 4.15Minor, Jess, estate, house andlot, Jtuckerville 4.1 S-Powell, Alice, house and lot,Ruckerville 3 gj.Rusk, Ed.r house and lot,Ruckerville 5.25Stephenson, Wm,. house andlot, Ruckerville 4,70Thomas, Allen, house and lotRuckerville $.30EXPLOSION OP CABTBIDGECAUSES INJUBY TO EYE.1Mrs. D. D. Wilson, of near Shawhan, is confined to her home suffering from an injury to her eye.Mrs. Wilson was sweeping a roomat her home and threw the accumulation in the fire. In an instant therewas an explosion, and Mrs. 'Wilsonwas struck In the eye by a piece ofshell fropi a cartridge that had beenswept up and thrown in the fire.Physiciansj are hopeful of saving thesight of the eye.REMOVALNOTICEOn and After January 15th MyStart Location Will Bt622 S. Main StreetBttwttn Baldwin Bros, and'Chas. Monson's Grocery.This room is much bettersuited to my1' business and moreconvenient to my trade.A NEW STOCKWill Be Addedand I will be jmuch better pre-',pared to wait on my increasingbusiness.Your patronage will be appreciated. DR. 0. L. ERYEJEWELER AJIB 0PT01DCTS1ST.(janKMt), - " r -'3.63t-.jimwmu.il, xFRIDAY, JANDARY 10, 1919.THE SOTJBBOH NEWS, PAWS, XX1TUCK7.".'PA6i im ratf-VI:vFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEULSTER 0VEBC0ATSBig warm ulsters in all colors andshades.J. W. DAVIS & CO.TRY IT ON YOUR HENS"Lay or Bust" poultry feed. Tryit on your hens. We liave it.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.oJIM ALLEN, HE SAYS:Editor James M. Allen says in theCynthia-na Democrat:"THE BOURBON NEWS kindlysays, reading this column is "likelooking into a jeweler's window atsparkling gems.' Quite a pretty compliment, appreciated. Appropriatesimile, too. Some jeweler's windowsshow a lot of paste, you know.". oNEW ELKM.Mr. Leon Renaker, of Winchester,has leased the Dow building, oppositethe Hotel Windsor, and will occupyit as soon as it can be put in condition. Mr. Renaker will conduct apoultry and commission business inthe building, occupying the wholepremises, with, the exception of therooms used by the Paris Democrat.Mr. Renaker is one of the bestknown poultry men in the State, andwill be gladly welcomed "in Parisbusiness life.-. oAT THE ALAMO AND PARISGRAND.To-day, Friday, January 10.Margaret Clarke, in "Wildflower;"Ruth Roland, in tenth episode of'TTnTids Tit)."' To-morrow, Saturday, January 11.Madge Kennedy, in "Friend misband;" Smiling Bill Parsons, in "TheWidow's Might."Monday, January 13. John Barrytmore, in "On The Quiet;" MackSennett Comedy, "She Loved HimPlenty."The Leeuwe Orchestra has made abig hit' with Paris theatre-goers.Each member of the orchestra is anartist, and "they know how.". oTJNPOUNDED RUMOR DENIED? A rumor has been going the roundsto the effect that work had ceasedat the Surgical Dressing branch mthe Red Cross sewing rooms. Thisaa n nothing but air,rumor, iuuuu - Tr?fTr snihas gained circulation and activity ,SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mr. Harry B. Clay and MissMayme Holladay are on the sick listMiss Vernita Baldwin has returned to Randolph-Macon Collegeat Lynchburg, Va. 'Mr. and Mrs. Jajmes Thompsonwill leave Sunday for St Petersburg,Florida, to spend the remainder ofthe winter.Mrs. Volney Ferguson will entertain at her home near- Paris this(Friday) afternoon with bridge, inhonor of Mrs. James Thompson, Jr.Miss Vallette McClintock, is ableto be out after a ten-days' illness ina Cincinnati hospital, and one weekat her home in this city, with influenza. Rankin Thomas, of Shawhan,who underwent an operation twoweeks ago for appendicitis, is ableto sit up and will soon return to hishome.Mrs. Elizabeth Smith, who is apatient at the Massie Memorial Hospital, suffering from the effects of afall received some time ago is ismproving. Mrs. G. C. Baldwin, who is visiting friends and relatives in Cincinnati, was a guest of honor at adinner party Thursday evening givenby Mrs. Robert Wallingford.Miss Ollie Chambers, of the Metropolitan Life Insurance Co.'s clerical staff, is a patient at the MassieMemorial Hospital, where she is under treatment for nervous trouble.Reports from the Mayo Bros.'Hospital, at Rochester, Minn., statethat Mr. Jos. W. Davis, Sr., of Paris,is able to sit up and is getting alongnicely. Mr. Davis sometime ago underwent an operation for gallstones.Mrs. Davis and Mr. Withers Davis,are still with hipi.Miss Alice Hughes has returnedto her home in Nicholasville, after avisit with Prof, and Mrs. Lee Kirkpatrick. Mr. and Mrs. MorganSparks and Mr. and Mrs. HenryHemphill, also of Nicholasville, wereguests of Prof, and Mrs. Kirkpatrick,and attended the dedication of thenew Presbyterian church.Mt TIatitmr Snnnn roturnfld vfis-terday rom Atlanta, Georgia, wherehe attended a meeting or ine aiaieField Secretaries of the SouthernMethodist church. The meeting wascalled for the purpose of discussingplans for forwarding the Sundayschool work of the church. He willgo to-morrow on a business mission.MATRIMONIAL.USSERY GUNN.A surprise wedding of the NewYear in which one of the principalswas a resident of Paris, was celebrated in Louisville, Wednesday,when Miss Dorcas Hampton Ussery,the charming and attractive daughter of Dr. W. C. Ussery, of Paris, andDr. Milus L. Gunn, of Louisville,were married at the home of the officiating minister, Rev. Graham, atCrescent Hill. The wedding tookplace at eight o'clock, Wednesdayevening.The bride iB one of the handsompsf vmmsr women of the city, onewho has "been a social favorite, andwhose friends ana acquaintances arenumbered by the score. She is a sister of Mrs. Henry Judy, of nearParis, Mrs. William A. Clarke, ofCincinnati, and Lieut. J. W. Waller,formerly of Paris, who is now inFrance in'the service, and is a nieceof Mrs. Jos. M. Hall, Mrs. Jas. H.Thompson, and Mr. Volney Ferguson,of Paris, and Mr. Jas. Ferguson, ofAlabama.Dr. Gunn, who is a medical studentat the university or Louisvine, anahas been serving as resident physician at the Norton Memorial lnnrjuary, for the past seventeen months,where he has made a wonderful record, is the son of Dr. M. L. Gunn, Sr.,of Miapni, Texas. It was in Louisville that the romance began, whilethe bride was answering her country's call, and was preparing to become a Red Cross- nurse, should thewar continue.Those present at the ceremonywore the bride's father, Dr. W. C.Ubsery, and her sister, Mrs. Henry T.Judy and Mrs. William A. Clarke,and a few intimate friends. Theywill make their home in Louisville.Please do not buy more than you need, no matter how tempting the value?;No goods will be sent on approval or exchanged.The Greatest Values and Variety We Have Ever Assembled are Being Sacrificed in This UnequaledJANUARY CLEARANCEEvery Garment in the House Has Been SweepinglyReduced Without Regard to Cost or Value.Don't Delay! Come Early! jFor Rent.Brick house on High street; sixrooms; hall; bath; newly paperedand painted; will be ready for occupancy on Monday, January 13. Inquire at The J. T. Hinton Co.'s,(10-2t)Clearance of Our Entire Utock ofCoatsCynthiana, Democrat: "TheHigh School and Graded Schools reopened Monday, after having beenclosed since early in October. Theattendance was good, and even better on Tuesday. Miss Mary FithianHutchcraft, of Paris, was elected tofill the vacancy in the High Schoolfaculty, caused by the resignation ofMiss Mary Hamilton Mrs. M. B.Lydick left for Paris, Monday, forseveral weeks visit to her daughter,Mrs. J. O. Marshall, and Mr. Marshall."Wanted at Once.50 white girls and women to self. turkev feathers. All year work.Very desirable environment. Opportunity to make splendid wages.Apply Dow Building, 201 MainSt., Jan. 14 and 15.(10-2t) FEATHER PRODUCTS.WANTED.Bright girl, white, to superintendselection of turkey feathers.Apply Dow Building, 201 MainSt., Jan. 14 and 15.(10-2t) FEATHER PRODUCTS.LOST.rotT, onh telling. There is no truuin the report, whatever its source.The rooms will be open every nay.There is planty of work, enough tokeep workers busy for the next twomonths. Plenty of material to workon. Come, workers, and do your bitNothing hinders the work but tnelack of interest and workers. Come,and welcome!HO ACCIDENT WEEK.The Regional Director of all railroads under Federal control of Southern Region, has designated No Accident Week from January 20 to 26,inclusive. The Local Safety Committee are desirous of co-operating inthis good work, and take this methodof calling the attention of the wives,M,r sons, as well as all employes of the Kentucky division of?he campaign, ad calling- upooiUemployes to make yourself a commit?5f one to pake this a completesuccess and affar as possible see toit "e are no obstructions allowedto exist at this station or n this division that is in any way likely toSib? or contribute to personal injuries. The goat is -kvvvo - -dWsion.Let all do their part, andiLve a clear record for this week.THKEE-aWT OVWhr)N DOIXABS yOK- YEAR 1918.The Paris Agency of the NorthJtnfMutual Life Insurance ompany. certainly shows a large inleased business for the year of 1918,just closed. , t. -p.Durine the past year, Mr, R.C1eSl of Paris, Associate Ge,-Clendenm the last wee 1U x,but this insurance w ; writ tea too"IS.,1" TTrJtSdM thewithin tne year, w ,.ifpnHi amount of ta-ybr Mr. ClendeniB ,m 1918. ""'"8.000. ; markJ "m. ;- n.000,00the Mimthon Club of tteSWlast year tu wvw , .ny other Northwester! agent jn .theTJnited States, and is now .Residentof the company's Honor Club, whichposition he now Ids till Jane1919 at which ,tne the winner forlaia, ax 'Iar. m W made.tne past . rr " . untiesHis territory " -One of the most enjoyable socialevents of the New Year was thedance given Monday night in theball room of the Masonic Temple bythe young ladies composing the Girls'Cotillon lub. The room was beautifully and artistically decoratedwith flags and streamers of the national colors, supplemented withsmall Christpias trees. Mrs. MayStoner Clay and Mrs. Emmett M.ririrci-m nrPRlded at the favor- table.The favors were crepe fans, aprons,caps, trench candles, cigarettes, confetti and ribbons. Tne grana raarcnwas gracefully led by Mrs. DurandWhipple, and Mr. William R. Blakemore. The other honored coupleswere Miss Alice Rogers Clay and Mr.Hiram Roseberry; Miss CarolynRoseberry and Lieut. Logan Caldwell; Miss Cornelia Blackburn andMr. Russell Hill; Miss KatherineTaylor and Mr. Newton Taylor, Jr.;Miss Elizabeth Steele ana iir. iuuurman Moss; Mr. and Mrs. John F.Davis; Mr. and Mrs. James Thompson, Jr.nnT.ir.o- thA intermission refresh-ments were served. The girls andtheir escorts and guests were in fullevening dress, while several of themen, who had just returned from thearmy camps, were in full militaryuniform. Music for tne dancers wasfurnished by a saxophone orchestra.Among the guests present for theevening were Mr. and Mrs. A. B.Hancock, Mr. and Mrs. Sam Clay, Mr.and Mrs. James Caldwell, Mr. andMrs C.-N. Fithian, Mr. and Mrs.John Yerkes, Mr. and Mrs. MiltonBrowning, Mr. and Mrs. JulianFrank, Mr. and Mrs. White Varden,Mr arid Mrs. Eawara iriuuaiu, -"and Mrs. J. Stuart Roberts, Mr. andMrs. Oscar T. Hinton, Mr. and Mrs.J. Miller Ward, Mrs. Charles A.Webber, Mrs. Jos. M. Hall, Mr. andMrs. Fayette Ardery, Mr. and Mrs.George Williams Clay, Mr. and Mrs.James Woodford, Mr. and Mrs. R. H.. MicsoR ATn.rv Kenney Web-jjerBuwu, "rrr..Jl. r T?vrher, Margaret jjergusuu, uttl -guson, Ollie Butier, uunu ..,Rachel Wiggins. Katherine and AnnaWilson, Mrs. Louis VanMeter, MissRanson; -Messrs. John Clay TurneyClav Hugh Ferguson, Clarence.Thomas. Ben Buckner Chas. Spears,Haym6nd Jones, Ben Woodford, J. J.Van Wicklewirt Cremimele.(Other Personals on Page 3.)oA pair of fur-lined gloves, namewritten on back. Return to HarryWycoff, Crosdale Hotel, and receivereward, - (It)Coats that were up to $25.00$14.75Remarkable values in Zibilenes, Kerseys,Velvets, etc., trimmed with Kit Coney.Coats that were up to $50.00$29.50Choice of Velvets, Velours, Plush, Kitten'sEar, Broadcloths, Cut Bolivias in alb shades.Tailor or trimmed with Baffin Seal, Kit Coneyor Opossum.Coats that were up to $60.00$39.00Coats of Velour, Plush, Duvet de Laine, Silvertone and Broadcloths; trimmed with Seal,Opossum, Nutria or Natural Raccoon. Linedwith plain or fancy Satin and warmly interlined. Taupe, Brown, Wine Shades, NavyReinder and Black, at choice.Coats that were up to $85.00$53.00Truly magnificent Velours, Silverlones, Bo-liyias, Suede Cloths, Velvets, Normandy andCrystal Cloth, trimmed with Seal, Nutria,-Raccoon or Black Fox; beautiful colorings..Extra sizes included; exquisitely lined. .Clearance of Our Entire Stock ofSuitsSuits that were up to $35.00$15.00Sensational offerings in smartly trimmed orplain tailored Poplins, Serges and Gabardines in navy, black, brown gray and wistaria.Suits that were up to $45.00$23.50Broadcloths, Serges, Poiret Twills, Poplins,in plain tailored or belted effects or trimmedwith braid or buttons; all colors.Suits that were up to $55.00$38.50Silvertones, Velours, Broadcloths, etc., in all gsnaaes; tnmmea wiui aeai ur m pjam anubelted effects.Suits that were up to $85.00$47.50Superbly lined models in Velour, Duvet deLaine, Silvertone, Tricotine, Poiret Twilletc. ; tailored or trimmed with Taupe Fox orHudson Seal;in navy, black and richest shades..Skirts up to $15$9.85Broadcloths, Wool Plaids and Stripes, Baronet Satins, Velvets, Men's-Wear Serges, mnavy, brown, black, green, etc.IIKIKIXII1XXIXiX1XIIXIXHARRYM224-228 West Main St., Lexington,? Ky:Main Street, t-aris, y.WANTEDMen. past 30 with horse and buggyto sell, Stock Condition Powder inBourbon County. Salary $90 permonth. Address 424 South MeridianStreet, Indianapolis, Ind. (lt-pd)PUBLC SALEOFTwo Desirable CityResidences.Illl- - iiimrnnW - imBLmmiJMMwmmmwaiI Just3,n3 -63K t-IXfx.MfllMQ&LMReceivedPuritan PhonographsPuritan Recordst&if.TE1L7STEE APPOINTED.Tn Jthe Bourbon County Court,Wednesday Mr. Clarence;: ..Thomas.terton as trustee of Mrs. Sallie Basnford The appointment was made after the submission of evidence show::eii." tvc -Rafihford. who is nowm? luiiu ,". - , innnrnretehty-three years uiu, ..wtent to manage her estate.' Mrs Bashford recently had a number ot articles stolen from her including a sealskin coat valued at51000 which had been, taken by Wolto boys, whc .later returned it tprnue o, - ----- - - .c nnen territory mciuaoe iuc .- and receiver ioyyu v 7, J,Tranklin a Clark.residing in. Davenport, Iowa.I will offer at public auction on thepremises, beginning at two uuiio'clocK p..m., onWEDNESDRY, JANUARY 15, 1919,the following very choice city prop-ertvjj0 l A six-room French Colonialbungalow equipped with every mod-ern improvement, iuwuuu.6 ,v..M &a io lights, cellar, new parageI with concrete floor; pantry, pressesand closets. , , - iThe front porch to the bungalow isconstructed of concrete and is veryv4.4-:i a-nA ef hpftufcif ul desiOT.The lot fronts 60 feet on Maino-4v -nA m-ii-mi-ncr hao.k 150 feet toiian alley; all of lot well fenced withnew fences; witn garaea ayuu uwchicken yard separately iencea. m .The living room aim iuc yn&--a Vio-ncrvmolv ttaneled andfinished with white wainscoting, and ,SMam, corner soone street, auu iall the rooms are handsomely papered.This residence is sitxiaieu ououuiuMain, corner Boone Street, and ismj:,,wi nckiyh'hnr''hnnri nnd direCtlVon the street car lines, and should beseen to be appreciated. Inspection isinvited by probable. purchasers.No. 2-7-This is a convenient xivcroom cottage on Main Street, opposite Thirteentn xxeet, anu i ui wcSwiss cottage design being newly remodeled ana newiy papereu uiwuguout, and has -white wood work andFrench doors. Has bath, gas andelectric lights. Brick fire place nthe living. roon with brick mantel.This is an especially beautiful littlehome.' Visit it and judge for your-,i-pi-t Tn lo mnrlcet for a home.The lot faces about fiity ieet onMain Street and runs back 150 feet.The neighborhood is ail tnat coum peaesirea aim jue yia.z: o ..for churches and near to the businesscenterSerins Will be liberal and madeknown on the day of sale. ,csat? A V. DANIEL.TTnwp "Phone 5261465 S. Main Street, Paris, Ky.The PiiritanDPhonograph Also Plays Any Other Disc Records.u u h nnlv Phonograph made with a long horn. The long horn not onlyamplifies and develops hut softens the sound.iTinM THF PURITAN PHONNGRAPH is one-fourth cheaperthannV other machine of anything like similar workmanship and character.Priced From$45 to $350-rTHE PURlTANRECORDS ARE ALL DOUBLE DISC and sell uniformlyat 85 cents. To hear them is to buy them.Letur demonstrate these PURITAN PHONOGRAPHS AND RECORDS.It will be a pleasure for you and us..v 'i.-f?Terms to Suit- i -3l"V-(11 Jan.-2t)THE J. T. HINTON CO.MOTOR HEARSE MOTOR INVALID COACH. UNDERTAKING..EITHERPHONEV36 SIXTH AND MAIN STSfc r t , , j- - ,.A 'V"-1VnjfPAGE SIXTHE BOTJBBOH HEWS, PABIS, BEHTUCKTFRIDAY, JANDARY 10, 1919T,mfnssr-Vr'V.MOVING BY 'PLANEJust t Possibility of the Not VeryDistant Future.N Reason Why, When Sanity Returnste the Earth, Airplanes Should Note Used for Rrosaic Commercial Purposes.Tiate Af ter the war.Place Somewhere In the UnitedStats of the world.4 Mrs. John Smith is discovered pressiag buttons at the base of a wirelesstelephone in a plainly, but artisticallyfurnished room. Furniture includes agrand piano, a bookcase, etc. On thepiano Is a German helmet.Mr. Smith, speaking Into the phone:"Hello." Is this the office of the International Airplane Moving company?Huh?"Well, this is Mrs. John Smith at9842 Pershing avenue. I'm going tomove today to 9965 Foch avenue andI want you to send one of your airplanes after the furniture. And say,'tell your men to be careful not toscratch the piano or dent the helmetthat my husband got from the Germans. "Yes, I want you to come right away.Tm leaving for France tonight on thenine o'clock transatlantic airship."Such Incidents may be everyday occurrences in the near future, considering the development of the airplane.As a matter of fact an airplane recently carried an upright piano from London to Paris along with several passengers. This was done to demonstrate the lifting and carrying powerof the plane. It was one of the hugebombing types which are dropping explosives upon the Rhine cities, and ofcourse used for war purposes.However, it may be safe to predictthat peace will not slow up the practical progress of aerial transportation.It is mot unlikely that within the present generation airplanes will be ascommon as motor cars now are. Theskyboats will be manned by the youngfellows who are either war aviators orare in training for that work.So, it Is probable that these aviatorsof the future will guide the sky vanswhich wilmove our furniture. For, ifan upright piano can be moved fromLondon to Paris in war times, it appears feasible to move upright, grand,r any kinds of pianos or furniturefrom one section of the city to anotherin peace times.Granted that a saitable landingplace may be provided for the movingplanes, so that the furniture may betransferred without Injury, a greatMany of the worries of moving day willbecome as forgotten as the discomfortsf traveling via ox wagon. In its- smooth passage through the air chinaware and the glass of the bookcasewill not be in danger of being broken.Thus, the housewife of the -futurewill not need to take much time fromher duties -as a member of the UnitedNations club on moving day to tenderly wrap up cups and saucers or tocrate the helmet that her husband cap, tured from a German when the Amerlea army occupied Metz and Berlin.Cluns at Sea.Naturally, being continually on themove, a warship is a less satisfactorygun platform than the solid earth.Even in the calmest sea vessels constantly roll from side to side.Theoretically, the best time to fire isat the moment between the rolls, whenthe deck is perfectly level. It is practically impossible, however, to fire exactly at that moment No matter howcareful the gunner may be, he fireshis gun just before or just after theproper instaat.The rule ia the American navy is to"wait for the downward roll" that is,Irs at the moment the ship is aboutte xaove down through the motion ofthe waves. The maxim in the Britishnavy is exactly the reverse; that is,"wait for the upward roll," a rule thatlias been observed from the very earliest days of fighting by the gunners inBritish ships.Te RW the Werld ef Yellow FeVer.1st the year 1016 Surgeon GeneralGorgas headod a commission of theInternational health board which visited South America and delimited theseed beds of yellow fever, as a preliminary 'step in a campaign for completely eliminating this disease from theworld. It is believed that the sourcesof infection, are at Guyaquil, Ecuador; 1ul a region along tne loutn shore ofthe Caribbean; in a strip along theaorth cssst ef Braxll ; sad In a certainarea os the west coast of Africa. Theregress ef this ambitious undertakingaax now Wen interrupted by the partlcipattea e the United States in thewar, kit work will fee resumed as soonas.eensltiems permit. Scientific American. T Make Flyere Invisible.Hany effort art being made to maketike airplame lavisUlt front the earthwfcea it U searing throagh the ether.de idea call for the um of transparent material, at least far all ptrposewfcere a canvas covering is ae4 atpresent, anon at the wings "and thefaselage. One of tke latest ideas ofthe kind is sal te be am airplane whichss noftlafta&unable celluloid for thtwings and other parts, and when, flylag at a few "hundred feet elevationthe apparatus is quite invisible, according to reports. A. new muffling(hex on tha motor terras to deaden thetionad. One advantage of the transparence is that observations can be wadeill directions. 'SHIPS IN CONSTANT PERILSailing Without Lights, NavigatorsCan Only Rely en Quickness of Perception and Professional 'Nerve.'Even if the Huns are escaped, thelife of a merchant ship man in thesedays is far removed from beer and skittles. " An example of what they haveto go through is furnished by the narrow squeak the Empress of Britain andthe Cardiganshire had one night in theAegean sea, Ralph E. Cropley writesin the Atlantic Both are big ships,and they were loaded with troops andgoing at full speed zigzagging nota light showing. It was one of thosenights when you can hardly see yourhand before you. There were no stars,no phosphorous nothing? nothing butto trust to luck and the ears of theman on the bridge.The captain of one of the ships hastold me that, before he knewlt, therewas a ship, bow on him, dead ahead.Of course the first impulse was to shifthis helm; but if he did so, the danger would be of one ship giving the"other a glancing blow. Fortunately,the other skipper appreciated this also.Their nerve, In spite of several yearsof war-zone work, was still v equal tothe occasion. It all happened in thetwinkling of nn eye, and they passedsafely though there had been less than50 feet separating the ships, and tneiroutswung lifeboats nearly scraped. Thecaptain of the Cardiganshire, thoughhe could not see him, heard the captain of the Empress of Britain abovethe noises qf the sea heard him yell:"For God's sake, old man, don't shiftyour helm I" so close Werethey on theirrespective bridges high above the sea.Instances of this kind, which trymen's souls, nightly occur, and quitefrequently there are collisions" andtragedies in the pitch dark. The onlyway that the two ships Identifiedthemselves was ten days later, at Sa-'loniki, when the captain of the Cardiganshire heard the skipper of theEmpress of Britain asking a friend if.he knew what ship he nearly bumpedon a certain night. I am sorry to report that the captain of the, Empressof Britain lost his life in the Halifaxexplosion while doing hospital work.Small Economies, Big Results.In England every" passenger on thestreet cars and omnibuses receives asmall ticket in receipt for his fare.By simply reducing the size of theticket by half an inch the Londoncounty council reports a saving of 100tons of pulp per annum.A thread manufacturer in GreatBritain reports a saving of 150 tons ofpulp per annum by affixing but onetiny label 'dh the end of the spool ofthread in place of one at each end asformerly the practice.The question of senseless waste ofpaper in the matter of handbills wasdealt with and it was estimated thatmore than 1,000 tons of pulp wereabsolute waste hi this connection sincemore thanhalf the handbills were amere litter in the streets and on frontporches, and never read.By making railroad tickets half thethickness England has saved 400 tonsof pulp.By using postcards instead of paperand envelopes the numerous societiesand organizations in Great Brilainhave saved 600 tons of pulp a year.Night Photographs From Airplane.An Italian Invention which permitsphotographs being taken at night hasbeen submitted to the' signal corps ofthe United States army. According tothe men who control the new device itwill soon be possible to take excellentpictures of enemy positions from airplanes flying at a low height on moonlight nights. It is also claimed that theinvention can be fitted to "motion-picturecameras, which would permit thephotographing for the screen ol muchof the fighting in the air, the greaterpart of which takes place in the earlymorning hours. Up to the present timethe chief obstacles met by the daylightaerial photographers is that the antiaircraft guns fdree the flyers to takepictures from a great height, and muchof the detail of the enemy lines istherefore lost. It is held, continuesAviation, that flyers are in little danger from artillery when flying at night.Scientific American. -Crime Conditions in Germany.Criminality in Germany augmentswithout cessation. To quote SocialistMehrlng before the relchstag, lying,theft and swindling are not offset bymilitary glories. The Bishop of Metzin his London pastoral speaks of immorality, theft and unbridled license.In Berlin In the fall of 1916 there wasan average of 900 daily complaints oftheft. The insecurity on thej publicthoroughfares is great. There are 8,000 criminals whose terms at hard labor have expired who are at large,banned alike from the public and prl"vate employ. In the Dusseldorf district in the first half of.lXT 6,000 adolescents were convicted of crime, andvarious buildings have had to be converted Into workhouses and places ofdetention for these persons. -LaPresse Medicate,CauHn't Recall It.Before sentencing the prisoner thejudge read a long record of his criminal misdoings, dating from earlyyouth. Then the prisoner asked:"May I Inquire your lordship'sname!""What do yon want to know myname for?" sternly aakad the judge."Well," replied the prisoner, "sinceyour 'lordship so accurately describedmy early life, I can't bit conclmde thatyou and I have been friends -at sometime. I fail to recall yeu at the moment, though." Stray Stories.MADE FINE TUNNELHow Prisoners Used War Bread.Doled Out to Them.Avenue by Which Captive Allies HadHoped to Escape Was Really aPerfect Piece sf Work EvenGermans Admired It..There is certainly more tragedythan, comedy in the cruel disappointment of unhappy prisoners thwartedin a promising and almost successfuleffort to escape; nevertheless, the gallant gayety that has marked so manyof the allied fighting men does not fail1 them wholly even in such circumstances. Lance Corporal Charles W.Baker, who recently recounted hisprison experiences in the MetropolitanMagazine, wastes no pathos on himself or on his fellow sufferers whenthey failed to get safe away throughtheir ingenious tunnel, and can evensee a funny side to the affair.Some of the other prisoners had begun the tunnel and had worked uponIt dally for a month before they lethim Into the secret, which finally became known to several hundred of thecaptives.It opened from the last hut at theend of the back row and was headedfor the only clump of bushes anywherenear the camp. The soil was so sandythat It was Impossible to make a tunnel in the ordinary way; a long timepassed before the boys hit on a plan.After our own packages had begun tocome and we had white bread to eat,says the corporal, some genius had ahappy thought of using the war breadfor bricks. The war bread is as tough.and as hard as rubber and of aboutthe size and shape of a small stoneblock that you use for paving streets.We kept the bread burled until night.Then we piled it up in a kind of crate,and when the sentries were out ofsight we rushed it over to the tunnel. Itwas the most beautiful tunnel you eversaw. The sides were built up likebrick walls, and the roof was a perfectarch. The sand that we took out wasthe same color as the sand of thecamp, and as the ground was almostalways wet you couldn't tell the difference. We would take it out in smalltlnfuls and scatter it all over the place,and with several thousand men walking round there was no way of detecting it.Of course it was slow work makingthe tunnel, for we had to accumulatewar bread, and so to amuse ourselveswe fixed it all up. We stuck picturesfrom newspapers on the wall, and weeven ran a wire down from the cookhouse and lighted it all up with electricity. We took some of the lamps,and when the guard wanted to knowwhere they were we said they had gotbroken. tA 'hundred and twenty yards hadbeen built out of the hundred andfifty that the tunnel had to go when amiserable Frenchman, to curry favorwith his captors, betrayed the secretThe other French prisoners concernedwere wild with rage and shame; andwhen the whole camp was lined up forinvestigation and punishment theFrench non-commissioned officersstepped forward and begged "for thehonor of the French army" to be allowed to take not only their own shareof punishment but that of all the others. But of course, says CorporaL Baker,the British wouldn't have that, and thenon-commissioned British officers gavethemselves up. It was a regularTBowing and scraping, "You-flrst-my-dear-Alphonse"sortof proceeding. A fewof the mea were given five months insolitary, but most of them got Off pretty easy, because, the German officerswere so much amused. They thoughtthey had taken away every conceivablething that could be used for tunnelbuilding, but they never thought of thewar bread. German officers cams frommiles round to see the tunnel. Theywouldn't let us destroy it but kept itas a curiosity. Even the general ofa division near by came in to see itHe said it was the finest piece of sapping he had. ever seen. Youth's 'Companion. Plcardy In History.Picardy was one of the old feudalprovinces of France, and its territoryis now comprised in the departmentsof Somme, Oise, Pas-de-Oalais andAisne. The name is still unofficiallyapplied to that part of France whichborders on the English channel andcontains the cities of Amiens, Beauvals, Calais, Boulogne, Arras, Solssons and Laon, The fighting in thepresent war has been largely in Picardy, which was a portion of thatpart of ancient Gaul inhabited by theBelgians, who were considered by theRomans the bravest of the G&ula. Thedry of Amiens Unnoted .for itscathedral, one of the most magnificentIn Europe, founded in 1220. It is 4T0feet in length,-with a transept 218 feetacross.tart Alrp lanea In Sheds.Owing to' peculiar cUmatic.and natural v conditions which prvU, theJapaaese have adopted peasliar Methods im aviation, training. With greatingeaulty oriental aviators hive builtlong, low airplane sheds, and from oneof these he rushes oat and mountsthe air. He has learned from bitterexperience that to start the machinein the open is to be enveloped inclouds of dust, which effectively clogand stop all working parts. So hegains momentum in his shed, and withthe first thunder of the engine in theopen he bas-started to clMONEY AVAILABLE POB ALLEETURNED SOLDIERSDespite serious difficulties due tolost records and insufficient data,payments are being made to troopsaa they arrive from overseas and "nocasual or other enlisted men fromoverseas who has a legitimate claimfor pay need go without funds," saida statement by the Finance Divisionof the Quartermaster Corps. It hasbeen charged in Congress and else-.where that soldiers wer being returned to this country and discharged without having been given theirpay."Finance officers are available,"said the statement, "at every portof debarkation, at every cantonment,camp and headquarters, and at everyhospital, and instructions are explicit and comprehensive that if asoldier has no papers he is to be givena partial payment on his own statement and final payment on his affidavit. In all cases so far as the records shows all discharged jmen aregiven their travel allowances, whichwith the reduction in railroad faressecured by the War Depatment, insure a comtortanie journey to tueirhomes while in most cases dischargedmen received every penny which theyclaim is due to them."A Confusms Invitation.A man named Dodginhad been appointed foreman in a b'rickyard, buthis name was not known to all theemployes. One day while on Jaisround he came across two men sittingin a corner smoking, and stopped nearthem. "Who are you?" asked one ofthem. 'Tm Dodgin, the new foreman," he replied. "So are we," replied the other workers. "Sit downand have a smoke." "There is more Catarrh in this section of the country than all otherdiseases put together, and for yearsit was supposed to be incurable. Doctors prescribed local remedies, and byconstantly failing to cure with localtreatment, pronounced it incurable.Catarrah is a local disease, greatlyinfluenced by constitutional conditions and therefore requires constitutional treatment. Hall's CatarrhMedicine, manufactured by P.' J.Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio, is a constitutional remedy, is taken internally and acts through the blood onthe mucous surfaces of the system.One Hundred Dollars reward is offered for any case that Hall's CatarrhMedicine fails to cure. Send for circulars and testimonials.F. J. CHENEY Jb CO.,Toledo, 'Ohio.Sold by druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (jan-adv)EDW. BU&KE. President.Edw. BurkeSam ClavJas. M. CaldwellRobt. E. BeattvLuther StiversC. D. WilsonTHE BOURBONTobacco Warehouse Co.Total Sales to Christmas, 164,415 lbs.Sale December 30th, 306,000 Jbs. . .Sale December 31st, 267,000 lbs. .I Sale Jan. 8th, 183,115 lbsWe AdvisedThe Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Co.AYes I Everybody .Takes CascaretsOnly 10 cents! Harmlesscathartic for sluggishliver and bowelsN Feel bully! Cheer up! Take Cascarets to liven your liver and cleanthe bowels and stop headaches, biliousness, bad breath, coated tongue,salowaiess, sour stomach and gases.To-night take Cascarets and enjoythe nicest, gentlest liver and bowelcleansing .you ever experienced.Wake up feeling grand. Everybody'sdoing it. Cascarets best laxativefor children. They gladly take thispleasant candy cathartic because itnever gripes or sickens like otherthings. (adv)oFOOD EESTEICTI0N ORDERS REVOKED. The United States Food Administration has rescinded the twelvegeneral orders with reference topublic eating places, but in connection with such action special attenction has been called to the continuing need of economy in the use offood in order that this country maybe able to carry out its plans forthe furnishing of large quantities offood to relieve famine conditions inEurope.-oTHE GIST OF IT."Last December I had a very severe cold and was nearly down 3ickin bed. I bought two i bottles ofChamberlain's Cough Remedy and itwas only a very few days until I wasrestored to health," writes O. J.Metcalfe, Weatherby, Mo. If youwould know the value of this remedy, ask any one who has used it.Obtainable everywhere.(jan-adv)-oOf 1,000 species of flowers, 284 arewhite, 223 yellow, 223 red, 144 blue,72 violet, 36 green, 12 orange, 4brown and 2 black..Ignoring a scrap of paper maymerely lead to larger scraps.CAHAL BROS.BARBER SHOPPrompt and Courteous Attention toPatrons.- HOT AND COLD BATHSH. S. CAYW00D. Vice-President.DIRECTORSJ. L. DentonW. M. RodcersA. B. HancockJno. T. CollinsS. R. Burris(Incorporated)You to Wait. Did it Pay?rNEXT SALE' ': TO-DAY 'sv(inwrpttkU)PARIS, KENTUCKYMargolen'sSPECIALFor This WeekLAMBROASTMARGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketAetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityAnd Other, CasualtiesA. . FEEAGENTJOHN T. COLLINS. Manager.A. L. StephensonH. S. CavwoodAverage $30.97Average $37.75Average $34.66Average $37.07k nil, t Tm ntwmmiakmrmmmmtk- - -i, ' -FRIDAY, JANDARY 10, 1S19.THE BOURBON - MEWS,, PAHIS- XEHtnCKYPROUD OF "LAST GOOD TALK"MV Little Jap Wreta His RecordHlfl"i no UMCa ooiuicr hwuiuWish to Die.tamato Hykashl, familiarly known5 Togo In the battalion, Joined up atymcouver. He was a bright, attracyT9 little Japanese -with, a beatificunite and some quaint Knowledge orEnglish. 'Most honorable consclipgoa n catch me, he told the recruiting officer with a wide: disarmingtulle."He put 'married' opposite the question, 'married or single,' on the-attes-titlonform,. and favored the officerwith a pictorial view of his family a-rpty almond-oved girl and two dolljgje babies. He accepted the assurancethat they would be looked after bythe Canadian government with beamsl delight. Then, squaring himself asIf he were going to fight the wholeGerman army, he strode away happily vrith a sergeant to the military depot "Toso became a Lewis gunner, thebest 'No. 1 In the unit He developedi passion for the weapon that amounted almost to Idolatry, and during thetraining days astonished the instructors, not infrequently, by scoring poslblM on intricate landscape targets.'San feel peevishly wnen honorableLewis ialk with a full mouth,' he usedto boast, and then proceeded to spray"bullets at an amazing rate and withuncanny accuracy on indicated positionsthe make-believe of the machine-gunschool."The loss, in transit from Japan, ofletters from the almond-eyed girl Inspired conversations with 'honorableLwi$' sad, crooning, little talks thatnone of the gun team understood. Butthey would not Intrude upon or Interrapt hfm."The Lewis gun posts, pushed welleat in the crater area of the neutralpound, had been put out of action, the$uns Octroyed, and the crews mangledby a hurricane barrage all except one.Toward evening, as the German Infantry advanced to complete the work ofthe high explosive and shrapnel, thisone gun stuttered defiance and neckedlittle trir "rA in d hYf in the oncoming w.f$ ? fl ni-". It spasmodic rnt-ra-ic ;" ' rM to the anxiously l!sfVa:r imi in -h front linethat either thf gun or lh gunner had 'not entirely escaped the shrapnel hail.Then silence. v ,"A bent, burdened figure emergedfrom a shell crater, 75 yards in advance of the oncoming Huns, and staggered towards the Canadian lines.Twice he fell, but struggled gamely tohis feet, pursued by scattered rlfie fire.It was Togo. A dozen volunteerslenped the parapet to his assistance;a hundred rifles held up the enemy."They lowered him gently Into thetrench, marveling at the vitality thathad animated the terribly torn body.The gun he saved lay, smeared withblood, beside him. His shattered armmoved towards It, as his spirit hovered on the brink of the shadow, asmile lighted up the drawn face. 'Himhave last good talk. Hun no catchhonorable Lewis,' he said and passedout." xHO LOMSER A JOKEBoys in1 Khaki Don't Like "Slam"at Mother-in-Law.Age-Old Standby of the ProfessionalHumorist Has Been Killed by theWar, and of Course There'sa Reason.WITH THE COLORS HE LOVEDProfessional Cards.First Patents for Steamboats.By a number of curious coincidencesthe United States government IssuedIts first patents for steamboats on August 26. 1791. to Nathan Head. JohnFitch, James RumseV and John Stevens. Some time previous to the Issuing of these patents Read Inventedthe necessary machinery to adaptWatts' steam engine to boat and landcarriages. In 1789 he exhibited to acommittee of the American Academyof Arts and Sciences a model of asteamboat ,wUh paddle wheels, whichhe designed to connect with a high-pressure engine. Read also invented amultitubular boiler and still anotherform of boiler on the same principle asIs used at the present day on our locomotives. The fire passed throughsmall spiral tubes, and in this wayconsuming the smoke and several other forms with many apartments towhich the water was to be graduallyadmitted as fast as it was evaporated.The boss is willing to devote tenminutes to hearing you tell how yousold the goods. But he can't spareten seconds fo hear why you failedto sell them.Why Meat Prices Varyin Different StoresYarlmci.frtofaer..."... -9mteaw and ktHtetCaawWtg cow mmd hgtfw 7JKnK. stela ka boat CCPertafaNrealrB C76flf.Weitm raacitawi X8.0tdlS.f?These newspaper quotationsrepresent live cattle prices inChicago on December 30th, 1918.The list shows price rangeson nine general classified groupswith a spread of $13.85 per cwtthe lowest at $6.50 and thehighest at $20.35.Why this variation in price?Because the meat from different animals varies greatly inquality and weightAlthough the quotation!shown are in nine divisions,Swift &. Company grades cattleInto 34 general classes, and eachclass into a variety of .weightsand qualities.As a result of these differences incattle prices, (due to differences inweights and meat qualities), there is arange of 15 cents in Swift & Company's selling prices of beef carcasses. These facts explain:1 Why retail prices vary Indifferent stores..2 Why it would be difficult toregulate prices of cattle orbeef.3-Why it requires experts tojudge cattle and to sen meat,; so m to yield the profit ofonly a fraction of a cent a' pound a profit too small to ,affect prices.Swift & Company,U.S.A.. - tti "HThe story Is told from one of thehuge auditoriums of the "Y" in a cantonment not far from one of the largest cities. The crowd extended to thedoors and rows and rows of big, husky,clear-eyed boys in olive drab sat crowded together on the benches. The nextday would find them en route to Berlin, but that did not matter to them.They were there to hear the big, burlyman on the stage who ,was responsiblefor the shouts of laughter that blending together in one great roar almostlifted the roof.One of the funniest comedians hadmade the special trip to their campjust to give them this opportunity.There is nothing that the Americanboy loves more than a good joke. Thecelebrated comedian was enjoying himself as much as the boys as one afteranother of his stories "got across.4'He saved the best one to the last.With a twinkle In his keen eyes hesprang it, a brand new variation of theage-old mother-in-law story. He toldit well, it was excruciatingly funny andit was new. But it fell flat. The bigspontaneous burst of laughter was notforthcoming. But they more thanmade up for it when they began toclap as the jokester left the platformand when they gave him three cheersafter the performance.But it worried the comedian and later he asked a lieutenant about it. Thelieutenant lighted his cigarette beforeanswering. "I don't suppose you fellows outside this man's army have anyreason for knowing this, but the oldmother-in-law joke will never get overagain. I couldn't laugh at one, no matter how funny it was, to save my neck.It wouldn't seem funny to me. Yousee when war was declared. I wantedIn the worst way to enlist. Fellowswith kids see It even before the singleones, but I felt that it wouldn't beright to do it then on account of Maryand the children. I couldn't keep upray home on a soldier's pay. If I gaveup my job. It didn't seem the squarething tos them then."Well, my mother-in-law sent for meto come around oue ulght and see hernlone on my waj home from the officeShe told me th:u she knew just how 1Celt about enlKlinje and that I wasn'tto let Hip innni'y side of it stand inmy light ir an Instant. 1 could dowhat I could, she said, and she wouldmake up the rest. She hadn't n bovof her own to go and anyway Mary audthe children were to get all she hadwhen she was gone, they might as wellhavo it now when they needed it mostIts no use, the old mother-in-law joktIs dead. There are hundreds of boy Jright here In this one camp who feelexactly as I do about it."How an American in a Highland Regiment Wau Enabled to Joinv His Own People'. !!ri A 'I want to tell you about a fellowhere, writes Sergt Lester S. Lowell ofthe headquarters company of. the QneHundred and Third field artillery, In aletter to his brother, Irom a hospitalin southern France. He Is an American, but when the war got going hewent to England and enlisted inScottish regiment. They probably kneThe was an American but they winkeaand signed him up for three years. Sohe put on kilts and went to war. Heserved three years and two .months.He was in the first gas attack (Ypres,1915) and has also fought In Egypt andTurkey. His regiment was in Londonafter his three years and two monthswere up. In the meantime America hadentered the war and there were recruiting offices' in London. This man applied to his regimental commander fora discharge, but It was refused. Oneday he was given a 24-hour leave ofabsence. He went to the American recruiting office and said he wished tojoin the army. Mind you he was in fulluniform, kilts and all, at the tline. He,was shown in to a recruiting officer.He showed the officer papers to provethat he was born in Alabama."All right," said 'the officer. "You'rean American citizen, and you wanWoenlist?""Yes, sir.""Ever had any previous military experience?" said the officer smiling. (Nowonder he smiled. The fellow waawearing three wound stripes at thetime.)"No, sir," said the fellow.The officer sent him to a major witha note, saying: "Please hear this man'story and take whatever action youthink best."The major read it, and then read theanswers to the questions as they werewritten out on the paper. "'What'stliis 'no previous service?'""No, sir."The major looked at the plaid of th6kilt and laughed. He probably Knewthe fellow's regiment was right in townat tne time."Sure you're not enlisted?""Yes, sir," says the fellow. "I neverwas a soldier in my life."The major laughed again and said:"All right, just stick to that and it willget you by. Sign here."The fellow signed. "Now," said themajor, "I suppose jou want to leaveLondon as soon as possible?""Yes, sir."So they gave him a Yankee uniformaniTputVim in an outfit which wasjoing to Franco that sanie day.- WM, GRANINAN rAttorney-at-LawBOOMS 401-402ITRST "RATI BANK BUILDINGDR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and ThroatBOOMS 408-404ITRST NATT, BANK BUILDINGPHONE 136KENTUCKY TEACTIOH 6teejunal CO.INTERURBAN SCHEDULEBRIGHTER.EVENINGS. . in2& jW .Lve. ParisFor Lexington.6:45 a. m.7:15 a.m.8:15 a. m.9:45 a.m.11:15 a. m.12:45 p. m.2:15 p.m.3:45 p.m.5:15 p.m.6:50 p.m.8:15 p.jm.Lye. LexingtonFor Paris. "6:00-a.m.7:20 a.m.8:50 "a. m.10:20 a. m.11:50 a. pi.1:20 p.m.2:50 pm.4:20. p.m.6:0u p. ml7:20 pm.9:10 p.m. -11:00p. m10:05 p. m.Daily except Sunday.Packages handled on all tr&iaareaching point of destination before6 p. m.Baggage deliveries made on alltrains.. ,m-inagaq3SilMIMINothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house."UseOiectricityTor DatingIt's the only satisfactory way.use SetsTor Beating ana CookingIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix You UpFor the Use o! BothElectricity ind Gas.BIG JANUARYClearanceSaleNOW ON !Ladies' Suits, Coats andDresses, values up to $25.00and $27.50, go forParis Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)ft$15:9$Come in and let us fit you.HETwin Bros.Department StoreMain and 7th Paris, Ky.Sending Carrier Pigeons by BalloonTo increase the usefulness of pigeons ia warfare wire cages, each Justlarge enough for one bird, are now inuse, says Popular Mechanics Magazine. The cages carry grain for thebirds and pencils and paper for marooned dispatch writers. They areattached to small balloons that areused when wind conditions are favorable, and also to parachutes designedto be dropped from low-flying airplanes. On the other hand, several ofthem may be strapped to a traineddog and conveyed by him to the desired point. All of which Is for thepurpose of establishing communicationwith detachments that become cut offfrom the main body of troops and,while resisting capture-, have no meansof immediate escape without outsideassistance. The wire cages are arranged so that the birds may be fedwithout being removed from them,and, furthermore, messages may beInserted in the pellets , the pigeonscarry without the latter being handledor ven touched.Versatile Packing House.It was packer experts who solvedone of the most important problemsiiuuuem to supyiymg our men wiuigas masks. It Is a packer product thatis used to stanch the-ilow of bloodfrom the wounds of our soldiers ; itIs a packer product which is used tosew up the wounds; the soap wltbwhich the soldiers clean up after theirturn in the trenches is a packer product; the glue which figures largely inthe manufacture of airplanes comesfrom the packers; the aviators' sheeppelt coats are packer products; glycerine for use in explosives, animaloils for lubricating purposes andleather for harness, puttees and thelike come largely from packing houses.Christian Herald.Guide Posts at the FrontOne of the difficulties of the "walkh, wounded" at the front, it has beenfreiiiirntly noted, la ih.ir inability todetermine the direction or location ofthe nearest first-aid station. To helpsolve this difhculty the American RedCross is furnishing to the Americanarmy several thousand small ciotnslcns.-the distribution of wmen winfollow the advance of .every American Iattack. Red Cross men, stretcherbearers and runners will carry them,and they will be tacked on trees, post,the ground or any conspicuous objectitt the wake of the advancing men,pointing the way to the first-aid dress,Ing stations.The markers are of white cloth,with a large red cross at one end anda red arrow at the other to indicatethe direction. The American Red Crosslias, been told by army officers thatthese markers will save untold suffering and even the lives of some men,as the seriousness of any wound depends largely - upon the promptnessaith which it receives attention.v ""Land Girls' Winter Outfit.The land girls' winter outfit has beenexercising the attention of the London ladies' tailors. Throughout thesummer months the ,girl who works onthe land has presentpd a very smartappearance in her nuhii white tunicand knee breeches of khaki drill Thecoming colder weather, however, demands something more substantialthan drill, and the land suit of khakicorduroy is the latest vogue in agricultural uniforms. Pockets, except asa decoration, have played a very minorpart in feminine fash'lons for someyears now, but the tailors report thatthe land girls Insist upon a full equipment of big workmanlike jpockets Inbreeches and tunics. The women warworkers are very particular about thecut of their uniforms and the outfitsnow bing turned out by the tailors,In perfection of workmanship and fin;eh, compare very well with the mostexpensive creations of fashion.GreetingsWe desire to thank our patrons and the public ingeneral very kindly for the very liberal patronage accorded us during the year just closing, and to say thatthe Government has lifted the ban on installing telephones and is anxious for us to serve all who desire ourconnection.For' terms or other information, drop in our office,write us a card or call the manager by telephone.Paris Home Telephone &. Telgraph Co.(Incorporated.)J. J. VEATCH.District ManagerW. H. CANNON.Local ManagerA MAN AND HIS WIFEJmay both derive satisfactionby having their worn and goiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, hiconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings U3. -Detectaphone Barred.Conversations heard over a detectaphone were barred in the New Yorksupreme court by Justice Goff untilproof was Introduced that the Instrument works accurately. It was usedby Mrs. Bertha Bloomer to gather evidence for her divorce action againstMartin B. Bloomer, a lumber dealer.Counsel for Mrs. Bloomer protestedthat the detectaphone Is being used bythe United States government in itssecret service work. Justice Goff replied :"Anyone might placeman instrumentof this sort In a room and claim hehad overheard conversations of someone ,he had not seen at the time."English "College Men" Ar Qiria.War and the industries made necessary by war have had the effect of depleting the student bodies of the English universities to, an extent that willbe serious this year. At the University of Birmingham, one of the mostmodern and' progressive beats of learning In Great Britain, where scientifictraining is a specialty, all of the graduates who received the degree of bachelor of science this year were women.Two-thirds of the masters of sciencewere Japanese and four-fifths of thebachelors of medicine were girls.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 Home Phonel69 2inBourbon Laundry;DAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4A Repudiated 'Citizen."We've 'bout decided to oust old BillBottletop out o' this community," remarked Broncho Bob."What has he been doing?"''Hasn't been doing anything. It'sthe way 'he talks. ' He says he doesn'tmind these gasolineless days. Whatworries hjm Is these dodgast'saloonlesadays.""TfSJK,'v ' "S"W - 1BS3W &&0XJi W r---XIWest Fifh StreetKsatisfagtionJOUR WATCHWORD!!With all the latest improve- jmmI S? ments in laundry appliances jand expert helpers we are gprepared 'to 3owork infe-lrior ?to none, "and solicit xyour patronage. 1.IThe Bourbon Laundrjrif: Paris, Kentucky- -. - .' .- m "3Zl" 7T j jg? ; r K g ;; f K gEE X 9E KXI'; ",1-1i-VaSte,,M'r-r J'f "i ",-'.&dPAGE EIGHTTHE BOUBW HEWS. PARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, JAKDARY 10, 1913,tif t 17i vi l!jHI:I 1HIiKr,-v0iMILLERSBURG'Mr. "T. T. Vimnnt nf "NTAwnnTtiMrired Monday as the of her mother, I the insurance business.frs. aiartna vimont.r Mrs. M. E. Martin, who has beenIn. the Massie Memorial Hospital, atParis, for the past several weeks, returned home Tuesday, not much improved. The Majestic picture theatreClosed Tuesday evening:, indefinitely,ion account of the flu, and will notreopen again until all danger is practically pasty The M. C. has closed on accountjf thfe flu. Quite a number of -newcases, aye in. the building. Every effort is being put forth to stamp itput It is thought the College willfce.able to reopen in the next few.weeks.i Quite a number of cases of fluin the town and community. Aboutas much as any time we have had inthe past, though of a mild form. -Thefcwo latest cases we have reportedare Mesdames Chas. Martin and S.$1. Allen.- The following officers and committees were appointed by the newlyelected Master, R. C. Borner, in Amity Lodge, No. 40, P. & A. M., at theregular meeting Tuesday evening.Stewards V. !.. Barton and J. H.Burroughs; Chaplain M. E. Pruitt;.Trustees W. A. Butler, E. T.Bheeler and A. S. Best; Committee onFinance O. R. Rankin, O. E. Hurstand Dr. J. D. Calhoun; Committee onSick and Relief A. C. Ball, D. E.iCLaxke and R. M. Caldwell.0'.r STANFIELD.The funeral of Mrs. BettieStanfield, aged twenty-six, who diedat an early hour Tuesday, of a- complication of diseases at her home nearEscondida, was held at the old Clay."burying ground, near Escondida,("Wednesday "afternoon at 2:30 o'clock,with services conducted at the graveside by Rev. Newton Shropshire, ofClintonville.Mrs. Stanfleld was the wife of Mr.Ollie Stanfleld, of near Escondida.Bi.des her husband, she is survivedby -her mother, Mrs. Eliza Gordon,twj sons, William and R. C. Stanfteld, one daughter, Miss .Lottie Stanfield, and one sister, Mrs. Perry Stanfleld.. " KING.r ' Mrs. Robert King died Mondayjafternoon at 5 o'clock at the residence of Mrs. M. Madden, in Cynthiana, after a short illness. LastThursday Mrs. King was paralyzed(and never rallied.Before her marriage she was MissElizabeth Cheatham and was rearedBear Millersburg, but after her marTiage .to Mr. King she became a resident of Harrison county, where she-was beloved by many persons.Mrs. King was a member of theMethodist 'churchShe is survived by four sons, Ceciland. Clay, of Cynthiana, Pierce, of theUnited States Army, and Clarence, ofElkhart, Ind. A sister,- Mrs. NannieThompson, of Montgomery county,iras with her when she died.The funeral was held from the residence in Cynthiana, Wednesdaymoaning, at ten o'clock. Burial in.Battle Grove Cemetery.fly STAIRS.Editor -Samuel W. Stairs, agedsiifcy-six years,- publisher of the DoTer Weekly News, died suddenly atids home in that place last week..He was sitting in a chair in front ofa. SLre place at his hopne after supper,seemingly in his usual good health;when he was stricken either with apoplexy or heart -failure and expiredwithout ever regaining consciousness. Mr. Stairs "was a well-knownnewspaperman, lie having been engaged in the publishing business inIndiana before coming to Kentucky.He had been condupting the DoverNews for -many years and was also inHe was amember of .the Masonic fraternity.being secretary of he lodge at Dover.The passing of JSam Stairs removesone of the brightest and wittiest ofold-time newspaper men. His paperwas always entertaining. His fieldwas small, but his heart was big andhis talents many.HINKLE.Mrs. Mary Hinkle, aged seventysix, formerly of Bourbon county, diedat her home near Wilmore, Wednesday, of general debility. She wasthe mother of Tliford Hinkle, formely of North Middletown. Thebody was interred in the Pisgah Cemetery, in Woodford county.ASHURST.The remains of Mrs. Matilda H.Ashurst, aged eighty-two, who diedat the home of her niece Mrs. Geo.Clayton, in Lexington, Monday, werebrought to Paris, Tuesday, for burial in the Paris Cemetery. Serviceswere held at the graveside by Rev. G.B. Combs, pastor of the Paris Methodist church.Mrs. Ashurst was the daughter ofMr. and Mrs. Amanda Hutchison, ofBourbon county, and the widow ofMr. L. Ashurst. Her parents donatedthe site on which the new HutchisonChapel at Hutchison was built. Sheis survived by one sister, Mrs. J. W.Harris, of Cornith, Ky.,- and twonieces, Mrs. George Clayton, of Lexington, and Mrs. Lizzie Brown, ofParis.TERRYMrs. Mary Thompson Terry, wifeof Robert L. Terry, , died Tuesdaynight of pneumonia, at the home ofher father-in-law, N. S. Terry, onPike street, in Cynthiana. She wasborn in Bourbon county June 21,1834, and was the daughter of JohnW. Thopipson and Susie Thompson,both of whom are dead.- Mrs. Terrywas a member of the Cynthiana Baptist church. She is survived by herhusband and a sister, Mrs. HerbertTerry. Her half sister, Mrs. JuliaThompson Hay-nes, died recently atLebanon, of influenza. Funeral services and burial took place at BattleGrove Cemetery yesterday afternoonat 2:30 o'clock. Services were conducted by the Rev. C. W. Elsey.RUCKER.Mrs. Jonas P. Rucker, a formerresident of Paris, where he was employed in the Louisville & Nashvilletrain dispatcher's office, died Tuesdayin the Bethesda Hospital, in Cincinnati, where he had been for severalweeks under the care of a specialist.The body was brought to his oldhome in Richjmond, Tuesday night.The funeral was held at ten o'clockyesterday morning in Richmond withservices conducted at the gravesidein the Richmond Cemetery.Mr. Rucker is survived by hiswidow, his mother, Mrs. I. C. Rucker,of Paint Lick, four brothers, Jamesand Roger Rucker, of Lexington,Hume Rucker, of Louisville, and Orlando Rucker, of Madison county,four sisters, Mrs. Minnie Williams, ofRichmond, Indiana, Mrs. Lucy Comer, of Lancaster, and Mrs. ElizaTreadway and Miss Chasteen Rucker,of Madison county.IRVINE.Information was received hereby relatives Wednesday of the deathin Centralia, Missouri, Tuesday afternoon, of Mrs. Grant Irvne, agedtwenty-nine, after a short illness ofinfluenza and pneumonia.Mrs. Irvine was formerly Miss LucyLangston, daughter of Mr. and Mrs.Robert Langston, of this city, andhad been married about two years.She had been residing in Centraliart:i The J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND EMBALMBRSParis Ky.CS THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMOTO-DAY; FJjgYJAN. 10Marguerite ClarkINIWILD FLOWER"RUTH ROLANDin the 11th episode ofin "HANDS UP"SATURDAYAIIGofdwyn PresentsMADGE KENNEDYIN"Friend Husband"The story of a girl who iaughed at hermarriage vows.SMILING BILL PARSONSin "THE WIDOW'S MIGHT"MONDAY13JOHN BARRYMOREin "ON THE QUIET"Two chorus girls and a case of champagne in one room; in the next our younghero and his secret wife. The situationbecame complicated when the wife's family wandered. Just when the two had explained the chorus girls were discovered.A lot happened before peace was declared.Mack Sennet Comedy, "She LovedHim pfenty, with Ben Turpln, CharlesLynn and Polly Morarr,Edward Van Leeuwe OrchestraADMISSION 22cGALLERY 15cChFdren Under 12 Not Admitted.for several years. Mrs. Irvine was ayoung woman of lovahle traits ofcharacter, and had a host of friendshere, who will regret to learn of herdeath." The funeral was held in. Centraliayesterday, followed by burial in theCentralia Cenietery. It had at firstbeen the intention of the family, tohave the remains brought back to herold home for interment, but the arrangements were later changed andthe interment was held at Centralia.Her husband and sister are both veryill withthe same disease that causedher death.Mrs. Irvine is survived by her 'parents, Mr. and Mrs. Robert Langston,of this city, and five sisters, Mrs.Robert Palmer, of Centralia, Mo.,Robert Fields, of California, Mrs.Clancey and Mrs. H. C. Henson, bothof Paris, and Mrs. Jesse Osborn, ofPerry, Mo. She was a niece of 'Mrs.Carrie F. Stone and Mr. Lee Deavers,both of Paris.FORTHE FATHERLESSDEEN OF PRANCEdin-Are you taking care of a fatherless child in France?Could there be a worthier causeor a more perfect charity than this?Compare our happiness and prosperity to-day with the condition ofFrance!As a thank offering to God for ourworld peace could there be any thingmore appropriate than to care forone of these poor little unfortunatesfor a year?Wherever a boy is coming homesafe and sound fropn the great trialto which he went so bravely, thehearts of his own parents 'go outtothe home where the husband, fatheror son will never come again. lNow will you not, as a thankoffering, take care of a child whosefather fought so bravely before hefell, and who may have struck downthe foe who otherwise might havelived to kill your boy?The cries of these little childrenhave gone straight to the heart ofAmerica. To-day over 200,000 ofthese orphans are being cared for bythe people of this nation, but thereare many more of these helpless,suffering, pitiable, little childrenover there in France.Think what 10 cents a day, $360a year, 'means to them, as well as thejoy it brings to the heart-brokenmothers.The letters received from themtestify to the good such a spall sumof money can do.Nearly 300 children have beenadopted through the Bourbon CountyCommittee. Some of our people havetaken as many as six orphans for theyear, and others two, three andfour.Below is the list of adoptions sentin for the month of December:Mrs. A. B. Hancock, ChairmanFatherless Children of France, willbe glad to answer any questions.Both phones, 575, Paris: Mr. RayBurris, I; Mr. Edsell Clark, 1; Mr.Ben Buckner, 1; Mr. James Buckner,1; Miss Lucy Blythe SImms, SpringStation,' Ky., 1; Mr. B. H. Gorey,Treasurer Employees L. & N. Railroad Shops, 2; Mr. E. P. Clark,President Men's Bible Class, Christian Church, 1 additional; Mrs. Chas.Mastin, Mrs. Henry Peterson andMrs. Arthur Best, Millersburg, 1each; Mr. Sapn Clay, 1 additional-Mrs. Miller Ward, 3 additional; Mr,E. L. Ralls, Treasurer MasonicLodge, Shawhan, 1; Miss Martha A.Talbott, 1; Mrs. W. W. Hinton,Treasurer Baptist Missionary Society. 1: Master J. T. Bower, 1.The January list, which is already jstarted, will be published at the endof the month.SCHOOLS DO NOT REOPEN.Owing to the fact that no placecould be found to board the teacher,the first four grades of the CenterHill school, will be without an instructor for some time, or at least,until provision can be made for theteacher. The school will not be reopened until this has been doneThe selection of a teacher will bemade next week.County School Superintendent J..B. Caywood announces that he willpay the public school teachers of theto-morrow provided they comply withmorrow, provided they comply withthe provisions of the-law by havingtheir reports correctly and accurately made out. The sum required willamount to $2,500 and is now in thehands of Superintendent Caywoodfor distribution. The teachers will(meet in his office Saturday for theusual discussion of school instruction..RED CROSS CIVILIAN RELIEFWORK IN HOME SERVICE.The Civilian Relief Department ofthe American Red Cross, Lake Division, has set the dates for its newseries of Home Service Institutes tobe given to train workers for servicein the various phases of Red CrossService.R. J. Colbert, director of the educational program for the department,announces February 15, the initialdate for the course to be given inCleveland, O'. Applications for enrollment are to be to Miss Ruth Lyman, 2,182 East Ninth street,. Cleveland. The Home Service "Institute at Columbus begins January 21, and- atCincinnati, January 28. Applications should be made to Dr. JamesHagerty at Page Hall, Ohio StateUniversity, Columbus, and F. M.Thrasher, University of Cincinnati,for these courses.A GOOD WX)K WELL DONEAmong the most earnest and" faithful workers for the interest of thenew Presbyterian church in this citywas Mrs. M. H. Dailey, to whose untiring efforts and successful management is due the major portion of thecredit for securing the (magnificentpipe organ, which was recently installed and dedicated to the memoryof the late Dr. Frank Fithlan.Mrs. Dailey took the work incharge at the outset of the movementto honor the memory of one of themost popular physicians of Paris, andwas made Chairman of the committeewhich collected the funds for thepurpose. Her work was unceasing,and day and night she superintendedthe work, which came to a successfulconclusion with the purchase of theinstrument, one of the best of itskind in the State.oYOUR D0& LICENSED?KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS PLA3CGOLDEN ANNIVERSARYThe Secretary of Agriculture hasissued notice that the law requiringall dogs to be licensed" and to weartags showing the license number,will be strictly enforced. Dog owners can blame no one but themselvesif they lose their dogs, or come under the law's stern decree. CountyClerk Pearce Paton says no licensedcan be issued after January 15.Approximately $250,000 of thew;ar Relief Fund of the Knights ofPythias of the State has been raisedand is already in use for the aid ofwounded soldiers of the order andtheir families, according to reportspiade at a meeting: of the Pythian,War Relief Fund Commission, held inLexington. It is thought that thefotal amount of $750,000, one dollar from each member of the order,will soon be subscribed. The meeting was held in the office of J. W.Carter, Grand Keeper, of Records andSeal, and those present were: Supreme Representatives H. A. Schohertfi; of Versailles, and R. L. Slade,of Lexington; Grand ChancellorAubrey Barbour, of Newport; JohnJunior Howe, of Carrollton; andSecretary J: W. Carter.A meeting of the Board of Directors of the Pythian Home was alsoheld. No business of importancewas transacted. Those present were,W. C. G. Hobbs, president; J. W.Carter; secretary; McH'enry Rhodes,and Aubrey Barbour, grand chancellor. The members of the local lodge arealready making plans for the meeting of the Grand Lodge to be held inLexington, in June, when the goldenanniversary of the Grand Lodge ofKentucky will be fittingly celebratedat' the Pythian Home:.Ignoring a scrap of paper maymerely lead to larger scraps..1Ambulance calls promptly attended to witht Lfeweueini Invalid Coach. -: .MainandSKthStreetsDay phonc36Nlfiht : . .56or Home 286Motor equipment.ourHearse used for funeral purposes only.niiiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiniiiii,,,i,,mniMjnMeOPE OP THEODORE ROOSEVELTIN MOVING PICTURESThe life of Theodore Roosevelthas been recorded in moving pictures and will be exhibited to thepeople of the United States, who willthus be afforded the first biographyof a famous figure in history thathas been 'written in the films.The picture is called "The Fighting Roosevelt" and it was made bythe McClure interests and the FirstNational Exhibitors' Circuit, the latter being one of the most importantmotion picture organizations in thecountry.It shows Colonel Roosevelt's entirecareer from youth through hfs service as Governor of New York, asPresident and as a soldier in theSpanish War.Colonel Roosevelt permitted themaking of the picture on conditionthat all the profits go to the RedCross or the war funds. It wasscreened in the East and occupiedseveral months in ,the inakiflgk, .Special Bargains!tNewest Novelties in Men'sWomen's and Children'sV A A t W LL r a T f Ltl IX 1nbought for the Holiday tradegreatly reduced. Styles and pricesthat will appeal to the economicalshoppers.-S2jjj"5235c5HHHBbVisit our store and you wilPbe convinced this is thebest money-saving place inDEPENDABLEFOOTWEARVefiLadiei' Havana Brown English C AflBoots, calf tops yOSJVJLadies Dark Gray boots, with cloth dje Q?tops to match, custom made &? jLadies' Black English Boets o QQLadies' Mahogany Tan English djo qBoots, cloth tops to match, at s07Misses' Gun Metal, button i QQMen's Dark Tan English Walk- gOver and other famous makes fl0OUMen's Tan English, Best Makes, a j-Men's Gun 'Metal Walk-Over, eo ACkEnglish $0.4SfMen's and Boys' E. J. Best Weir- o ACking Shoes, heavy flexible soles uJBoys' Tan Army Shoes aqDAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy Reigny555RrKr,