-'-?NEWS'.THE1 T1'.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1919BOURBONIGOOD EOADS PROPOSITION CARRIED IN ELECTIONIn the special election held in thecounty Saturday to vote a road tax oftwenty cents on each $100 worth ofassessable property for State andcounty purposes, and a bond issue of$500,000 to furnish money for rebuilding of the roads early in 1920,the opponents of good roads wereoverwhelmingly defeated by a majority close to six hundred on eachproposition.Two questions were placed beforethe voters, the first being, "Are YouFor a Property Tax of Twenty Centson Each One Hundred Dollars' Worthof Property in the County, to BeLevied Each Year For Ten Years, forthe Purpose of Improving or Constructing Either or Both, Roads orBridges of the County?" Thecprnnd was. "Are You in Favor ofIssuing Fve Hundred Thousand Dollars in Bonds for the Purpose ofBuilding Roads and Bridges?"Contrary to predictions of some ofthe opponents of the jmeasure everyprecinct in Paris, voted in favor ofboth propositions. Only four out offourteen precincts in the county voted against the proposition. The totalvote of the county was as follows:For the Bond Issue 1,137;against, 484; majority, 653.For the Road Tax 1,944; against,480; majority, 480.In compliance with the State law,which provides that the money shallbe expended under the supervision offor Commissioners, the Fiscal Courthas appointed Catesby Spears, JohnT. Collins, Samuel Houston and Samuel Clay, who have accepted the trustand will serve without compensation.o zAT THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMO THEATRE.To-day, Tuesday, September 9"Bryant Washburn, in "Putting ItOver;" Antonio Mereno and CarolHolloway, in "Perils of ThunderMountain;" Harold Lloyd Comedy,"Just Neighbors."To-morrow, Wednesday, September10 David Wark Griffith picture,"True Heart Susie;" Larry SeamonComedy, "His Simple Life;" BrayPictograph.Thursday, September 11 AnitaStewart, in "The Painted World;""Vod-a-Vil Movies. Ladies' Day ; Twoladies admitted for one paid admission, plus war tax.oWe repeat it again, what has thisRepublican Congress done?FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSFALLSHOWINGOFCOATSSUITSDRESSESSKIRTSWAISTSFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSAutomobileV:METHODIST CONFERENCE CLOSES AT SHELBYVILLE.The Kentucky Conference of theMethodist Church, South, which convened at Shelbyville, last Monday,closed its sessions Sunday afternoon.The list of appointments was presented and adopted. Under the newlist Rev. G. R. Combs, who has beenpastor of the Paris church for thepast four years, becomes PresidingElder of the Shelbyville District.The Paris church will be in chargeof Rev. C. H. Greer, who for the pastfour years was Presiding Elder of theDanville District. There was a general transfer of pastorates in all thedistricts. The following is the listof appointments for the FrankfortDistrict, of which the Paris church isa part:Presiding Elder C. L. Bohon.Carrollton W. R. Johnson.Cornith Circuit J. R. Nelson.Frankfort M. S. Clark.Georgetown E. L. Southgate.Ghent Circuit Enos Waggoner.Gratz Circuit Heber G. Howard.Hinton Circuit C. F. Oney.Hughes Chapel Circuit R. M.Criswell.Hutchison and Oxford W. M.Williams.Millersburg P. F. Adams.Mt. Hope Circuit P. T .Howard.New Colupnbus Circuit R. C.Evans.Owenton Mission J. W. Harris.Paris C. H. Greer.Petersburg Circuit D. E. Bedinger. Polsgrove Circuit S. W. Dean.Port Royal Circuit P. C. Long.Prestonville To be supplied byW. R. Johnson. ,Warsaw P. J. Ross.Worthville Circuit E. C. Hardin.President Millersburg College C.C. Fisher.Chaplain State Reformatory W.Q. Vjreeland.Conference Mission SecretaryW. V. Cropper.HOGS "GOING DOWN"Hogs dropped to $15 in Chicago afew days ago, and many personsforecast radical decreased in the costof living, but the packers cleaned upon the slump and prices rose. Thepackers will continue to publish literature showing that they make onlya fraction of a cent a pound uponmeats, but the farmers who sold hogsat $15 will regard that literature asfiction. The consumers of pork products will agree with the view of thefarmers:&DeliveryMOVEMENT TO RETURN .-NEGROESTO SOUTH.Mississippi is organizing a moveihent for returning to the South hundreds of negro families that havegone North in the last few years andwho are now anxious to get back toDixie. Mississippians need their helpto handle a big cotton crop and aodo other work.It is proposed to establish officesin Chicago, St. Louis, and later inother cities where there are pnanySouthern negroes; to place a competent jman in charge of each office andto make it a clearing house in thehandling of negroes who really wantto come back to Mississippi.Definite work will be under waybefore winter, when hundreds ofnetrro families, accustomed to themild winters of Mississippi, will beanxious to return South, but will bewithout means of getting back, inmany instances.It has been estimated that a 14,000,000 bale cotton crop will require2,000,000 jnckers through the picking season of from 90 to 100 days.Also it is asserted that the Southmust each year recruit 90,000 pickers to handle her crop. With thepresent dearth of help, consequently,good wages, much ipnproved livingconditions and an offer by many ofthe big planters to pay transportation back to the South have resulted.BURGLARS BUSY AGAIN.The clothing store of Mitchell &Blakemore was burglarized Sundaynight, and several suits of clothes,and a quantity of gents' furnishinggoods stolen. The thief or thieveseffected an entrance by "jimjmying"the back door. From then on therest was easy, selecting such suitsas pleased their fancy, to which theyadded an assortment of furnishings.An attempt to break open the cashregister, which contained about $15in change, proving futile, the burglars gave up the job and retreated.This is the second time within afew days that burglars have visitedParis clothing houses, in each instance securing a quantity of clothing. Several nights ago the store ofI. L. Price & Co. was visited, the burglars securing clothing.Yesterday the Lexington police arrested a negro man giving the nameof Will Nucin,. claiming North Carolina as his home, whom they suspected 'oT Tfavihg perpetafe7f tftre7rmSbery at the I. L. Price & Co. store.The police and the pawnshops hadbeen given an accurate description ofthe stolen goods, and asked to be onthe lookout for them, as it was extremely likely the thief would endeavor to dispose of them there.Early yesterday morning a negro entered one of the shops on Waterstreet and tried to pawn an overcoat.On examining the garment the manin charee of the shoD found it to beone of the garments taken from thePrice stock. Detaining the jman on. apretense, he hastily informed thepolice, who responded. Hearingthem approach the man took toflight, but a couple of shots from therevolvers of the detectives broughthim to a standstill. Chief of PoliceLink was notified and brought thenegro back to Paris, where he imadea confession, detailing the manner inwhich he entered the store and howhe secured the goods. He had twosuit cases filled with goods valued atabout $200, which Mr. Price fullyidentified yesterday afternoon as his.Nucin was taken to jail.At the Mitchell & Blakemore storethe midnight visitor left a pile ofdiscarded clothing lying on the floor,by which the police judge the thiefto have been a man of rather shortstature. They suspected a Paris negro of complicity in the burglary, butare keeping dark in their operationswith a view to landing him with thegoods on.oINSURE YOUR TOBACCO INTHE BARN.Best fire insurance on tobaccoin the barn. Prompt settlements. Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.(aug29-5t)PARISIAN'S NARROW ESCAPEMr. Wyatt Thompson, well-knownParis Republican politician and oiloperator, had a narrow escape fromdeath while at Torrent, recently.Mr. Thompson was driving a pair ofmules hitched to a large farm wagon,along a steep embankment. Drivingtoo close to the edge the outfit wentover the embankment, throwing Mr.Thojmpson beneath the hoofs of theanimals. When rescued he was foundto be suffering from a number of severe wounds, about the breast andlegs, and had to be driven in a jolting break cart to the nearest physician, a,, distance of ten miles. Hewas brought to his home in this city,where he is under the care of a physician. While suffering considerablyfrom the loss of blood and the effectsof his wounds, Mr. Thompson wasresting easier yesterday and will soonbe able' to be out again.o .When we consider the H. C. L. justthink of Japan where the prices haveadvanced ,ten times what -they J usedto.be. -, ,- IMISTAKEN TOR "THE OLDESTMAN" AT PAIR.One of the best-known residents ofParis, a man well advanced in years,and one who enjoys a joke thorough-ly, even when it is on himself, at-tended the Blue Grass Fair at Lexington, in company with his wife,Thursday. And thereby hangs a tale.Mr. B. and his wife madethe rounds of all the attractions onthe grounds, and after spending sometime enjoying the music by the Rainbow Division Band, they seatedthemselves to enjoy other attractions.Mrs. B desired hubby to accompany her to the Floral Hall, butman-like, of course, he wasn't muchinterested in that place, and preferred to sit in the grand stand, andsee the races, and the show rings, inwhich he was far more interested.Mr. B is a man of patriarchialappearance, with a long beard likeone of the old-time prophets. In afew moments he was surrounded bya crowd of people who began to askhim how he liked the fair; how hehad enjoyed his visit to Lexington;when he would return home; and numerous other questions, to which hereplied courteously, yet with a vividimpression that he was being mistaken for someone else.Finally the crowd that surroundedour townsman had grown to suchproportions that Mr. B wasbeginning to think he had been takenfor some celebrity visiting thegrounds. Police attracted by thegathering, cajme up, and asked Mr.B what was the matter. Hetold them he did not know; that hewas simply sitting there resting quietly, waiting for his wife to returnfrom the Floral Hall, when he wassurrounded by the crowd, and quizzed. Seeking an answer to the riddlethe police turned to a woman whohad been looking steadily at Mr.B and asked for an explanation. ' "Why, Mr. Policeman," shesaid, "a fellow right across on theother seat told us there is that Mr.Shell, the oldest man in the world,who is at the Fair, and we wantedto talk to him."The police despersed the crowd, andMr. B changed his place to aless conspicuous one. He told thison himself when he returned to Paris,Thursday night, and added that he$old the, police eenjoyjd the rackethis appearance had raised, and thathe was really the second oldest manin the world, but did not want to beon exhibition.. oAIRPLANE VISITS PARIS TOR EXHIBITION STUNTS.Lieut. Harry J. Runser, pilot, andSergt. R. F. Coons, mechanician, operating an army Curtis biplane,spent several days in Paris, frojmFriday to yesterday, giving exhibitions of the aircraft for the benefit ofhundreds of sightseers. Severalflights were made over the city atvarying intervals during the aviators' stay here.Lieut. Runser and Sergt. Coonswere members of the U. S. A. armyaviation forces serving in France,and returned to this country lastDecember. When they were discharged last spring they purchaseda big Curtis biplane from the Government, and started trom Toronto,giving exhibitions in all the citiesalong the way. They left Delphos,Ohio, last Thursday afternoon, andafter traveling the 235 miles frojmthat city, landed on the Hancockfarm near Paris at 6:30 o'clock.They made one stop, at Middletown,Ohio, before crossing the Ohio river.During their stay in this city theymade a number of flights, carryingpassengers, circling around the cityand the suburbs at an elevation oftwo thousand feet. Fifteen personscontributed a fee of one dollar each,and lots were cast, the holder of thelucky ticket making the trip. Thecrowds waiting for the band concertin front of the court house Sundayafternoon had a good opportunity toget a fine' view of the airplane'sflight.Lieut. Runser and Sergt. Coons leftyesterday jmorning for Jonesville,Virginia, where they are scheduledto give a series of flights and exhibition stunts.FALL SEEDSBest quality Northern GrownRosen Seed Rye, Less quantity per acre. Yields more thanany other variety. Also havehighest quality Seed Wheat andTimothy Seed.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(augl9-tf)A. M. E. MISSION CONEEBENCEThe Mite Missionary , Conference ofthe Kentucky A. M. E. Church, closed its sessions in this city after ajmost profitable convention. The sermons, addresses, papers, discussionsand music were of the very best andexceptional class. Over $1,000 was.raised by the convention to furthermicc!irm wnrk. Mrs. W. H. Munfordwas elected president for the ensuingyear. -oThe British and Foreign Bible society issues the Scriptures in up-!wards of 370 languages and dialects.DEMOCRATIC CAMPAIGNTOOPEN ON SEPT. 20.Democratic leaders are planningto open their campaign for Stateoffices in Hopkinsville. Saturday.September 20. This has not been decided definitely, but practically so.The opening of the campaign willbe an all-day affair with barbecue,and is being planned to attract Democrats from all parts of the State. Invitations are to be sent to the Governors of Ohio and Tennessee tomake speeches, and some of the bestspeaking material that can be mustered among Kentucky Democratswill be on hand.Edwin P. Morrow, Republicannominee tor governor, opened tneRepublican campaign with a speechin Pikeville, yesterday afternoon.Representative John W. Langleyalso spoke in Hellior last night.Democratic enthusiasm was athigh tide, a result of the success ofthe platform convention held inLouisville, Thursday. Leaders were"treading thin air" in their exuberance, and wearing smiles of confidence. Everybody did just the rightthingin the convention, leadersagreed, and delegates left for theirhomes confident that the party ticketwill win by a big majority.LIKE THE WILD WESTAbout the hour of 11:30 Saturdaynight Charles Monson, who conductsa general store in the Lancasterbuilding, on Main street, wanted toclose for the night, One of the bystanders, a carpenter named Thos.Boaz, who had evidently been worshiping at the shrine of Bacchus, objected, and when Monson insistedthat the place be cleared, Boaz became more boisetrous. Monson endeavored to reason with the irateBoaz, but the irate Boaz would notbe reasoned with, and drawing alarge revolver from its hiding placesomewhere about his person, he proceeded to do the cowboy stunt ofshooting at Monson's feet. Monsonand everyone else in the store soughtsafety in flight. The pqljce caughtBoaz and landed him in 'the countyjail.oFEDERAL GAND JURY.The United States District Courtfor the Eastern District-of Kentucky,convenes at Frankfort on September 22. The following from Bourbon county are members of the GrandJury: Carl Williams and George K.Redjmon, of Paris; petit jurors, D. C.Lisle, John Brennan, Lee Stephenson, Frank Clay and John Clay, ofthe county.WE KNOW HW1STETSONHATSFor Fall are NowOn DisplayMany smart styles, wide, flat set brimswith narrow bands and bindings;medium width brims, slightly curled;new Fedora shapes, wjth welt or rawedges; many new colorings, new greys,greens, browns, tans and mixed colorings. Imported Velours and ItalianBarselinos.Prices Range From$7 to $15Select your hat from our store and; J besatisfied.MITCHELL & BLAKEMOREStetson Hats Ntttleton ShoreManhattan Shirts Dr. Reed's Cushion Salt ShPALL RACING MEET TO START ATTLEXINGTON, SATURDAY.On next Saturday, at the KentuckyAssociation, racing will start on thefinal lap of the sport for the year1919 and prospects were neyerbrighter for one of the best meetingsever held at the historic old racecourse.With the daily distribution of oyer$7,000 in purses and the rich Breed-ers' Futurity and Lexington CupHandicap as incentives, the (most pretentious stables on the turf artP tocontest for the rich prizes.With continued fair weather, itwill be hard to estimate the attendance at the Kentucky Association:and the management has made everypreparation to handle the largecrowds anticipated.John C. Weber and his famousprize band of Cincinnati; who hasfurnished the music for the last twoseasons, has again been engaged foethis fall. Mr. Weber is a great racing enthusiast as well as a noted musician and has become very popularin these parts, his musical programsbeing well received by the patons.Colonel Gene Elrod, as formerly,will have supervision of the pari-mu-tuel departjment, of which there willbe a battery of twenty-five machines,Several of his crew are already onhand, having been on duty during;the Blue Grass Fair meeting.The large number of horses quartered at the course will enable Racing Secretary W. H. Shelby to provide high-class cards daily and thathe is an expert in this line goes without saying. (9-2t)UNCONSCIOUS MAN POUND NEARMASSES HOSPITAL.Shortly after leaving his home onMt. Airy Avenue early yesterdaymorning Mr. Louis Lilleston dlscorered a man, with clothing torn, apparently dead, lying in the streetnear the entrance to the Massie Memorial Hospital grounds, on Mt.Airy avenue. Investigating, he founffthere was life still inthe man, andsurojmoning help he had him remoyedto the Hospital. At the institution:the "sleeper" refused to give hisname, but stated that he had beenrobbed and thrown down the cliff onthe creek near the railroad bridge.He could give no coherent story ofthe robbery, and was evidently laboring under a hallucination. He wasnot seriously injured, and was discharged from the institution afterbeing given 'first-aid treatment. Thecase was reported to the police., andan investigation will be made,oCUT FLOWERS AND FUNERAL DESIGNS. Cut Flowers and Funeral Designsfurnished on short notice.JO. VARDEN, Floral Agent.&THE BOURBON NEWS, PAEIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1919fKGETWOEH BOURBON NEWSEtfahiished 188137 Years of Conl tinnous PublicationFaWished Every Tuesday and Pridayyr Year.. $2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Adavance.fWHT CHAMP. Editor and Owner.lUrd at the Paris, Kentucky,Poitoffice ai Mall Matter of theSeeond Clasi.)Any erroneous reflection upon thekfcaracter, standing or reputation ofay peraon, firm or corporation- whichSay appear In the columns o THETJRBON NEWS will be gladly corraated. if brought to attention of thealtor.0U FOREIGN REPRESENTATIVES. Hew York American Press Association Chicago lord & Thomas., Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.' Atlanta Massengale Adv. Agency.Cincinnati Elaine-Thompson Co.Louisville Stark-Lowman Co.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, fl.00 perSack for first time; 50 cents per inchach subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per linejiach Issue; reading notices In blackSjrpe, 20 "cents per line, each Issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andoixnilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reseivedlo decline any advertisement or othernatter for publication.Announcements for political officeszaust Invariably be accompanied bythe cash.some day we take a trip and go tovisit friends. And when we see theway they do, we just can't help afew sour words. "We laugh at theirold-fashioned ways, and tell themhow we do back in Paris, Ky. Theirfire department does fairly well, wetell them, but ours is surely a peach.Their streets cannot compare withthose in Paris, and their trees arenot as green.And if those people act as if theywere hurt, we're sorry, but well, itis true. So there you are. It hurtsthem just as it hurts you when herein Paris. Those people love theirhome town as we love ours. Now,the next time we go away and seethat which we can't admire, let'sdon't knock, but brag on it or tryAnd if we cannot pay a compliment,why, let's just smile and turn ourheads. When once back in Parisagain we'll talk and talk as much aswe desire. But we should bear inmind that they are satisfied withtheir town and that we are greatlypleased with our own town " ofParis, Ky.The Old Blacksmith Shop.There was a time not so very longago when the trade of blacksmithingwas one of the most important inBourbon county. No one ever tookthe trouble to count how manyhorses were shod every week, butfrom the sound of "the anvil chorus"incessantly heard in the neighborhood of the shops, they must haverun in the hundreds, and perhaps,into thousands.Animals were brought from milesaround to Paris to be shod, and itwas a poor worK norse in Fans orBourbon county that didn't get newshoes at least once every two months.There are still horseshoers in thecounty, and the town as well, butis there a trade that has been hit,ditched and nearly abandoned, due tothe vogue of automobiles and othermotor vehicles, it is the villagesmithy.And what business was more picturesque? The poet Longfellow wasattuned to one of his most brilliantstrokes of genius by contemplatingthe village blacksmith, and he sangabout the stalwart character of theblacksmith and the muscles on hisarms, his honest citizenship, hisdaughter in the church choir onSundays. It was a stroke of fate, too,that Longfellow lived in the daywhen the village blacksmith was stilla power in the land. We don't thinkthe American bard could have become sufficiently enthusiastic to writea masterpiece about a filling stationor a tire repair shop.RED CROSS CAMPAIGN TO STARTSOON.'" DEMOCRATIC TICKET.Tor Governor: ,James D. Black.f For Lieutenant Governor:; W. H. Shanks.Tor Secretary of State:Mat S. Cohen.Por Auditor of Public Accounts :Henry M. Bosworth.Tor Attorney General:Frank E. Daugherty.Por Clerk of the Court of Appeals :John A. Goodman.Poi Superintendent of Public Instruction: I. E. Foster.Tor Commissioner of Agriculture:John W. Newman.i For Representative:James H. Thompson.Corrupting The Dog.FOR COTJNCILMENI.First Ward:' J. H. Moreland, N. F. Brent, JohnJ. Williams.Second Ward:Edward Burke. ,Hugh Brent.Catesby Spears.Third Ward:George Doyle.EDITORIAL MUSINGS.$We saw a proud dog the other day.He was all dolled up with a blanketand his hair was all fluffy and he hadon a large brass collar. He was seated on the front seat of a big bluecar, and no ebony-hued coachman ingreen livery, with a seven-foot whip,ever pointed his prideful nose higherthan did this dog. For this dog wasan Irish setter.Now this dog really belonged outin the fields, or will when the hunting season opens up, trailing alongafter his master. He belongs in thebrush thickets, getting his hide fullof burs and his mouth full of feathers. That dog was created to smellout game birds, to rout them outfrom cover, and to go gather themfrom thicket and ravine, when theold twelve-guage bangs its right andleft barrels.In his rightful place that dogwould be the finest object that deignsto associate with man. All dressedup, squatted on a velvet-covered redseat he is nothing but a sham, awaste of good dog flesh and sense.But you know the day of the gamedog is about gone. There is very little game in the old sense of the wordin this county. A few years ago almost every Boifrbon county sportsman had his setter, his pointer, orhis water spaniel. And the love andunderstanding between these menand their dogs was a thing blautifulto see.But the closed season is on; theprivate preserve has most of the gamethat is left: the average man hasvery little use for a bird dog, and ina few years the few pointers and setters that you will see will be housepets, a sort of poodle, toy dogs.Which is an awful fate for anyworth-while dog!Young men and women of Kentucky, this year for the first time inthe history of the State, will have anopportunity for special training inthe new profession of social work,through the course in Applied Sociology just established in the University of Louisville, and scheduled toopen Wednesday, September 10.The demand for trained workers inRed Cross Home Service work, publichealth nursing, playground work,cojmmunity recreation, probation andAssociated Charities work far exceedsthe supply. Not only would youngpeople, trained in this school, havepositions open to them in this State,but other States, particularlythroughout the South will look to thisnew training course for the paidworkers; for this is the only training course for social workers southof the Ohio and west of the Alleghenies, excepting a small school ofDallas, Texas.This training course will be a realKentucky course, not a formal schedule brought in from outside.. It willinclude training in Kentucky's ruralproblems and in the organization ofsmall communities, with actualpractice work in the country districtsand small towns; as well as training in all the other branches of socialwork. The head of the course, Dr.N. J. Ware, has wide teaching andsocial experience (and, incidentally,was a lieutenant in the famous Canadian regiment, the Princess Pats,during the world war) ; and he willbe assisted by lectures experiencedin all of Kentucky's problems.Students, who have graduated fromhigh schools, may take the full fouryear course in the University of Louisville, graduating with the degree ofBachelor of Social Science. On theother hand, people who do not wantthis degree, may take the specialcourses in various kinds of socialtraining and receive certificates ofthe ground they have covered.More than that, the KentuckyConference of Social Work, whichhas a working relationship to thistraining course, will conduct a registry of positions open in social service throughout the State, so thatstudents who have secured specialtraining may go into suitable workwith the least possible loss of timeand expense. Social service positions at from $75 to $125 a monthand over are going begging becauseof lack of people to fill them; students taking this course would be inline for them.Young people interested in goinginto social work in a professionalway and wanting additional trainingare invited to correspond with Dr.John L. Pattson, dean, University ofLouisville, 119 West Broadway,Louisville, Ky.-oJUST WHAT SHE NEEDED."I used a "bottle of Chamberlain'sTablets some time ago and they proved to be just what I needed," writesMrs. Volta Bankson, Chillicothe, Mo.'They not only relieved me of indigestion, but toned up my liver andrid me of backache and dizziness thatI had been subject to for some time.They did me a world of good and Iwill always speak a good word forthem."(adv-sept)Rooms For RentTwo rooms suitable for lighthousekeeping. Conveniently locatedin good neighborhood. Apply at thisoffice. (sept5-tf)WHISKY, WINE, BEERComplete formulas and instructions for making at home, rye whiskey, real beer and choicest wines, including making and operating homestill. PrfTa.rrJ hv mfvn fnrmerlv in.Census Clerks Wanted !TlnLr.a 'LJl?1:IVCttI AUUU, 11U OUVObAbUbW.?, iwoi.-One reason why a man doesn't lookinto a jmirror as often as a womendoes is because he has more confidence in the durability of his beauty.Truck and Cars ForHireServiceable truck and cars for hireat reasonable rates. Taxicab serviceday and night.S. It. HUDNALL,Both Phones. At Buggies Garage.iiawleigh's All Medicine Hog MixtureQuality First; Results Assured.Try 100 pounds. Money refunded ifnot satisfied. Cost one-fifth of a centper average dose.Call Cumberland Phone 487; HomePhone 256, for further information.M. 0. BIDDLE.The Rawleieh Man.(Saugr-tDCensus Clerks, (men and women) ;4,000 needed; $92 month; age, 18and upward; examinations everywhere soon; experience unnecessary.For free particulars, write J. Leonard(former Government Examiner), 945Equitable Building, Washington.(2-5t-pd)ENTERTOBAN SCHEDULECARS LEAVELexington For Paris TorParis LexingtonA. M. 6.0 Ox A. M. 6:45A. M. 7:20 A. M. 7:15xA. M. 8:50 A. M. 8:15A. M. 10:20 A. M. 9:45A. M. 11.50 A. M. 11:15P. M. 1:20 P. M. 12:45P. M. 2:50 P. M. 2:15P. M. 4:20 P. M. 3:45P. M. 6:00 P. M. 5:15P. M. 7:20 P. M. 6:50P. M. 9:10 P. M. 8:15P. M. 11:00 " P. M. 10:05(x) Daily except Sunday.nooffice rules formulas may lawfully besent through mails. Sent on receiptof 50c check, money order, cash orstamps. Act quick! Bill before Congress, which will prohibit sales oliquor formulas.BALTIMORE FORMULA COMPANYDepartment 78, Baltimore, Md.(29-tf)KENTUCKY TRACTION AND TERMINAL COMPANYTothe Farmers ofBourbon CountyFor the first time in 20 years wecan furnish you with No. 1 galvanized iron roof, at a less priceput on your buildings than a shingleroof would cost, and beside the projection of a roof of this kind is toyou from falling sparks and firebrands, your buildings are absolutelysafe from loss by lightning.We are putting in a supply of thebest grade of galvanized and paintedroofing and siding at the ECONOMYPAINT STORE, on South Main street,next door to the Paris Garage, andwill be glad to show you our goodsand give you prices on same.JAMES E. TEMPLIN.(2-4t-eot)Aetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityAnd OtherCasualtiesA. . FEEAGENTSolves ty&tfpHeating ProblemPREPARE now for nextwinter's heating with aWilliamson Pipeless Furnace. Its single registersends glowing warmth allthrough your house. Itsaves the bother of stovesor grates, burns hard orsoft coal, coke or wood.Hundreds of farm homes foundThe WILLIAMSONPIPELESS FURNACEa blessing last winter. It is easilyinstalled without tearing up floorsand walls for pipes and flues. Itgoes into the cellar but does notheat it. Come in and see thissubstantial, well-built furnace. Itis a fuel and labor Baver. .A.S. Best & Co., Agts.Millersburg, Ky.Both Phones 33(F-sepl TF-oct 1)Am)EEW CARNEGIE DID WELL.Please Quit "Knocking!"Good people of Paris, doesn't itmake you. real angry when peoplefrom another town drop into ourcity and begin to "knock" itright and left? You know it does.And they tell us that in doing this,that and the other, we are all wrong.And sometimes when they tell thetruth, that hurts us more than ever.They ridicule our business ways andtell us how their city up in the favored region gets on. Our buildings,while they are nice, and everythinglike that, are not near so nice astheirs.The housewives in our neighborhood as cooks may suit our humbletastes, but, my, you ought to see thethings these people cook back home.That's what we hear some times, andif we have a spark of home pride, itmakes us sore. We live here andhave learned to love our little oldhome town, and honestly, we thinkit is just as good as any other placeon the map, and perhaps a great deal"setter than some others. And thenWhen Andrew Carnegie died recently, it was found that his estatewas valued at $50,000,000, just onetenth of his life earnings. The greatScot had disposed of the greater partof his vast wealth during his lifetijme, and his benefactions reachedaround the world.,"How did I get my first thousand?By saving it." This epigram was hisreply to a direct question.Mr. Carnegie did mightly well during his life, but he could have donenothing had he not saved that firstthousand.And he could have saved the thousand heaps easier if in his youth theGovernment had issued Thrift Stampsfor 25 cents that grew into ?5 WarSavings Stamps, flanked by the newTreasury Savings Certificates in $100and $1,000 denominations. After theThrift Stamps are exchanged for the"baby bonds" the investment growsof its own weight, they draw interest at the rate of four per cent, compounded quarterly. Thus in fiveyears a ?4 investment grows into afive dollar bill and the larger denominations grow in the same proportion..JUST THINK ! THEY NEVERHEARD OF KENTUCKY!"'THISNEGRO IS SUREEATER!"SOMEUnder the above caption the Winchester Daily Democrat prints thefollowing, and very appropriatelysurrounded the itejm with a mourningborder:"Dave Embry, 54 years of age, ofthe Boonesboro vicinity, claims to bethe biggest and champion negro eaterof the South. At a sitting, winessessay, the negro 'engulfs provender' inquantities as follows:"Eight pounds of cheese; or"Thirteen boxes of sardines, plusoil from five other boxes; or"Thirty-six flapjacks with syrupand coffee in proportion; or"Twelve pounds of raw 'fat bacon."He eats six meals a day and frequently eats at "night and betweenmeals."Where are the male travelers tomake exchange of the latest "good-stories" if, as in England, the smoking compartment on trains is openedto the women?Mr. and Mrs. Fred Wiehl, of Lexington, had a funny experience ontheir motor car trip in Canada. Theywere in Quebec and one morningMrs. Wiehl went to visit the Cathedral, asking Mr. Wiehl to come therefor her when the chauffeur was readywith the car. When she came fromthe Cathedral she saw the automobiledrawn up to the sidewalk, Mr. Wiehland the chauffeur inside, and fivepolicemen standing back of the machine. Mr. Wiehl and his man hadjust begun to wonder what misdemeanor had been committed andwere awaiting the "onslaught" andMrs. Wiehl was puzzling as to whatmotor rule of Quebec had not beencomplied with. She came hurriedlyup and inquired of the policemanwhat was the trouble.The spokesman of the five inquired: "Is this your car, madame?" and,upon being told that it was, replied:"We were all just trying to makeout what 'Ky.' stands for."The Kentucky travelers were asmuch amused as relieved and decidedthat this State is not so widely notedas her people are sometimes inclinedto think.Mr. and Mrs. Wiehl went in theircar as far as the Island of Orleansand where ( the St. Lawrence Riverwidens into the sea, and found theI Wliere Everybody is I1 Welcomed in Cincinnati IMWSSk "i&t&ri?auzzttij.Zi' cii2 .:.-u-M. -'ffFVCJsL:Asr.rV-:j,, ..0T?xi-." fW r.ftJ-fflJ-SOR over forty-two years our store has beenthe headquarters for discriminating folks.2aw?i-vp-v-Vj.Because z. The Mabley & Carew Company store is in the heart of therf theatrical and shopping; district.Is but a short distance from all railroad depots.Is close to all street car lines.And Because:This store has always catered to the trade- of out-of-townshoppers. The newest merchandise at the most reasonableprices sold by courteous, smiling salespeople who are inperfect harmony with our store policy for complete satisfaction.Next time you are in Cincinnati make use of our rest andlounging rooms and check your hand baggage (without charge.)We'll appreciate your visit- and value your patronage.jfoahUitj d Aew(aCINCINNATI'SGREATEST STORE,(OPPOSITE FOUNTAIN)FOUNDED' .J roads fairly good all the way.' 1!M.TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1919THE BOJJRBOlf HEWS,PABI5, &EOTUCEYr -y -,IB"ii,',"vPAGI- ..v - -ijieftvMa,5jf' -nIHBSSSiiBBBSSSSITIPha vi3lKVVp5' m---L' i vIMARINELLOAstringent Maskfollowed by use of AstringentCream and Lotion at home, prevents that oily appearance ofnose and cheeks, permitting properuse of powder. , . .Used and recommended by morethan 3500 Beauty Shops.Sucple ABd Booklet os Skin Cr ErIN THE SERVICE OF TTTETttCOUNTEY.4One recruit, Ollie B. Turner, ofI 946 West street, was accepted as anapprentice seaman at the Lexingtonnaval recruiting station, Tuesday,and sent to Louisville for final examination. The Lexington Station hasled the State in recruiting recently.KJ1 M. A. PATON. JjMr. Fred Carmichael, who has heenresiding with his uncle, Mr. BoscoeCarmichael, of near Paris, ias beenaccepted at the Cincinnati army recruiting office for service in the CoastArtillery Corps. He enlisted for aperiod of three years. After he hasfinished his period of recruit trainingat Fort Thomas he will be sent toPanama. i ,, .Wis Provision of Nature.Man always worships something; always he sees the infinite shadowedforth in something finite; and indeedcan and must so see it in any finite jthing, once tempt him well to fix his 'tjea thereon. Carlyle.Private Thos. Prichard, whowent to England with the Dr. Barrow Base Hospital Unit No. 40, andremained in the service after thatorganization had returned to America, arrived at New York, Saturday.Private Prichard wired Paris relatives of his safe arrival. He will report at Camp Merritt, New Jersey,where he will receive his final discharge papers, and return to Paris.1A great many farmers were heardto grunt when hogs went down.CJD"0BrSouthern Optical Co.IncorporatedManufacturers of Perfect-FittlnflSPECTACLES ANDEYE GLASSESKryptoks Artificial EyesInvisible Bifocal LensrwIXxXA cablegram was received recentlyby Mr. and Mrs. D. C. Lisle, of nearParis, stating that their son, Capt.Winn Lisle, U. S. A., now stationedin England, had been wounded in theright foot by the accidental dischargeof his revolver. The message statedthat Capt. Lisle was doing very well,and that the wound was not a seriousone. Capt. Lisle is a graduate ofWest Point, and was here a shorttime ago on a visit to his parents.cOtfEEDERATES TO ATTEND THESTATE PAIR.General order No. 12, first issuedby the Commander of Kentucky Veterans, reads as follows:"WHEREAS, the Honorable MattS. Cohen, Commissioner of Agriculture, has invited the Kentucky Division United Confederate Veterans,to hold its annual Jmeeting on theState Fair grounds, at Louisville,Kentucky, it is therefore orderedthat the Division will meet at theKentucky State Fair gorunds, atLouisville, Kentucky, for the purposeof electing general officers for theensuing year and attending to anyother business that may come beforethe body."It has been suggested that thequestion of whether or not any actionshall be taken looking to the holdingof the general re-union in 1920 atLouisville be considered at this meeting. "All members of the Division whowear their uniforms, or insignia designating them as Confederate soldiers, will be admitted to the Fairgrounds without any cost each dayduring the fair. All Confederates inKentucky are invited and urged to bepresent at this meeting. It is hopedthat there will be a large attendanceof the mqmbers of the Division."By order of"W. STONE,"Major General Commanding Kentucky Division U. C. V."B-4 FIREInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,AgtsBristling with machine guns andother small anms the army recruitingstation and exhibit at the grounds ofthe Blue Grass Fair is attractingmore than the usual amount of interest and attention at the fair grounds.Men from the regular station in Lexington have been assigned to duty atthe fair grounds and have been keptbusy explaining the mechanism ofthe machine gun and other instruments of destruction which are onexhibit in the tent of the army.4th & Chestnut Sts.,LOUISVILLE, KY.Second Lieutenant Frank Donaldson, who has been in the U. S. Aviation Service, is a guest of his grandmotner, Mrs. Mattie Donaldson, atthe Robneel. Lieut. Donaldson wasbonorably discharged from the service at one of the army camps inMinnesota. He will spend some timein this vicinity as a guest of relativesbefore proceeding to Agron, Ohio,where he will take a position in theemploy of the International Harvester Company.FERE DESTROYED PINE BARNS OFCOL. E. H. TAYLOR.Fire of unknown origin destroyedthe concrete and frame show barn onthe Versailles pike, near Lexington.The loss is estimated at $10,000,which is practically covered by insurance. All of Col. Taylor's prize show cattle were saved, His Majesty andWeston Price being housed in a barnjust fifty feet from the fire. In thebarn destroyed were a number ofcattle, which were being put intocondition for shipment to KansasCity and Chicago, where they will beexhibited at cattle shows.We are not going to bring theprices of commodities down verymuch as long as we have the presentvolume of money in circulation.In order to bring down the priceof clothing it is patriotic to.wear.oldclothes. It is also economical."Wmooui o $&&lMWno. - rns v riL-r'i?fdr juV''r'"3ar lUKACA ttAl UlA"" S25rf8J!B,jrMrs. HomeloVer;A Sanitary Couch is one of the blessing of today. It is a useful piece of furniture all day andcan be turned into a useful bed Bt night.We have several handsome styles of Couchesthat will fit your home and the PRICE will fityour pocketbook.For everything you need in Furniture andHouse furnishings, remember We keep HIGHQUALITY goods.THE J. T. HINT0N CO.EITHGRPMOME 3C PARIS, KENTUCKY SIXTH AND MAINMotor Hearse Motor Invalid! Coach UndertakingSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings' of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mrs. Harry Hatcher, df Ashland,is a guest of her aunt, Miss NannieMiller, in this city.Dr. and Mrs. Milton J. Stern leftSunday for a visit to relatives andfriends in Morehead.Mrs. William Thomas has asguest at her home near Paris, hercousin, Miss Grimes, of Chicago.Mrs. Charles Monson has returned from a visit to her daughter. Mrs.Charles Mosey,-in Greenfork, Indiana.Mrs. Lou Starke, of Midway, is aguest at the hopne of her sister, Mrs.Emily Parker, of South Main street.Judge Ernest Martin and Mr.Walter Martin attended the LaurelCounty Pair at London, the pastweek.Miss Nancy Wilson has returned from Mt. Sterling, where she hasheen a guest of Judge and Mrs. Root.Winn.Mrs. Austin Winchell, who hasbeen a guest of Dr. Martha Petree,has returned to her home in Indianapolis.Miss Emma-Lou Collins left yesterday for Siielbyville, where she willmatriculate at the Science HillAcademy.Mrs. Houston Crouch has returned to her home in Pueblo, Colo.,after a visit to relatives in this cityand county.Miss Ida Spears has returned toher home in Waterloo, Iowa, after avisit to Mr. and Mrs. Benj. Woodford,near this city.Mrs. W. W. Jones, of Flepnings-burg, is at the bedside of her sister,Mrs. J. W. Mallory, who is ill at herhome in this city.Mrs. Carley Wilmoth and daughters have returned from a visit to herparents, Mr. and Mrs. James Shropshire, of Leesburg.Miss Christine Thqmason, ofnear Little Rock, has taken a position as teacher in one of the publicschools at Covington.Mrs. R. B. Cameron, a formerresident of Paris, has returned to herhome in Covington, after a visit tofriends and relatives in this city.Mrs. Clarence Plummer anddaughter, Margaret, have returned totheir home in Chavies, after a visitto Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Day, in Paris,and Mr. and Mrs. Albert Plummer,near Centerville.Mr. and Mrs. B. B. Lyons entertained with a lawn party in honorof Miss Mary Frances Campbell andher guests, Misses Elizabeth Carter,of Lexington, and Nellie Case, ofCincinnati.Dr. and Mrs. D. B. Andersonand daughter, Jean, have returnedfrom an automobile trip to Sarina,Ottawa, Canada, where they wereguests of Dr. Anderson's mother, Mrs.David Anderson,Mrs. Denis Dundon, Miss Virginia Dundon, Miss Louise Connelland Ralph Connell were visitors inLouisville, the past week. They accompanied Judge Denis Dundon, whowas a delegate to the Democrati6fciate uonvenuon, jMrs, ,Wnl. Stevensdn arid" daugh-ter, Miss Margaret Wood Stevenson,have returned to their homfe in Washington, Mason county, K., after avisit to the former's sister, Mrs. O..G. Lytle,,in this city.Mr. B., Fv vFudy has returned tohis honie in North Middletown aftera visit atlyjmpian Springs. Mr. andMrs M. E. Rash and daughter,Louise, and Mr. and Mrs. .0 M. Murny, of the same neighborhood, weredecent visitors at the Springs.Miss Elizabeth Kimbrough, ofCynthiana, Miss Baldwin of . DeKalb, 111., Mr. and Mrs. H. D. Haynes,and Mrs. Patterson, of Cincinnati,guests at the home of Misses Lilieston, on Higgins Avenue, have returned to their respective homes.Miss Eleanor Taylor and brother,Mr. Pendleton Taylor, gave a danceat Winchester, Friday evening.Among the guests who participatedwere Misses Lucille Cay wood andEmma Louise Collins and Messrs.Stoddard Young, Stanley Dickson and1 Stanley Young, all of North Middle-town.Mr. Alfred Henderson and daughter have returned to their home inCincinnati, after a visit to friendsand relatives in this city. Mr. Henderson is connected with the Cincinnati Enquirer, and was on his vacation. He is a son of the late Rev.Dr. H. A. M, Henderson, at one timeSuperintendent of Public Instruction. Misses Jennie Case, of Cincinnati, and Elizabeth Carter, of Lexington, house-guests of Miss MaryFrances Campbell, were entertainedwith a pretty party at the home oftheir hostess, on High street. Delicious refreshjments were served. Theyoung ladies were also guests- ofhonor at a dance given by Mr. Robt.Bowen Frank, at his home on Highstreet. Mr. Frank was assisted inentertaining by his aunt, Mrs. Milton C. Browning.Mt. Sterling Sentinel-Democrat:"Mrs. H. R. French has returnedfrom Bourbon county where she hasbeen the guest of Mrs. Warren Rogers ... . Mrs. Mattie Coleman and attractive daughter, Miss Martha, havereturned from 'a visit to friends inBourbon county Mfss Sue Woods,who was the guest of her sister, Mrs.G. C. Anderson, last week is visitingrelatives in "Bourbon county. .. .Mr.David Howell, Jr., will leave nextweek to enter Millersburg MilitaryInstitute."(Other Personal! on Pe E)Collins and Harlanare comingAmeriqa's favorite entertainerswill appear in person at an invitation concert in the Paris GrandOpera HouseNext Monday EveningSeptember sthThey will be assisted by "The Phonograph witha Soul."This appearance of the famous songsters inParis the event of the season for lovers of goodmusic.Free TicketsCall, write or telephone us for free tickets ofadmittance. They will be issued in the order ofapplication.Oberdorfer,the Druggistl530E0325!S53j! HENDRICKSaTHE SCREEN MAN"All Metal Window Screensand Weather StripsHIGGINS MANUFACTURING CO.MAKERS OFWINDOW EQUIPMENTJISJJWhen You. 'think of Window Screens and WeatherStrips, think 'of HENDEICKS. ttttWhen you think of Hendricks, think of WINDOWSCREENS and WEATHER STRIPS.His Name is T. A; HENDRICKSand he lives and has offices at264 Rand Ave., Lexington, KyTelephone '2585A card simply addressed to "Hendricks, the ScreenMan, " will reach him, as he is the best known screenman in Kentucky.Ninety-eight per cent, of the screens in Bourboncounty are Higgins Manufacturing Company make.Higgins Metal Screens and Strips are recognized asthe best by&ll good architects.$90,000STAKESANDPURSESPHTOgSept. 29TOOct. 10The News Job Department is Always Busy."There's a Reason." Work Done Right IDR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Noe and ThroatE00MS 403-404FIRST If AT'L BANK BuTLDIHGPH0HE 136CAL1AL BROS.BABBEB SHOPPrompt aid Courteous lttemtka fc!Patron.!?s, 3HOT UTD COmJLTU-tVHIGH CLASS FORD FARMSContaining 1043.73 AcresAll In Bourbon County, Kentucky, atm . m m moiiTUESDAYP,H9At 10:30 a. m., on the premises 4.8 miles from Paris on the Paris and Clintonville Turnpikex.5-Et-S-FORD ESTpftm,i FufcJ.;J.-iL. Li,.U-i-L.y.i-i .i-.jgs;-4 v. ft l3r" Ir "-' 'H 7Jf acre J- K s. jtwV- riJ' r ; - w IH 'g ' - T- Jr , , , P 1- .-,- gC ., t'SW-,. - ?-.E,gfeB.fe..M.il.gJmifcWIRMi-aESgEgfR"-r-""-':These beautiful farms will positively be sold in eight separate tracts as follows:Tracts 1, 2, 3 and 4 front on the Paris & Clintonville Turnpike, and tracts 5, 6, 7 and 8 front on the Iron Works Pike (EscondidaPike). The sale will start on tract No. 1 and continue in order untilthe eighth and last tract is sold.TRACT NO. I contains 155.801 acres" and about75 ACRES OF THIS IS VIRGIN SOIL;about 70 acres is sown in clover and bluegrass, andabout 8 acres now in tobacco. This is unquestionably one of the most desirable tracts of land ever -offered forsale in Bourbon County. It has quantities of timber, such asoak, ash,-hickory, walnut, etc., for barns and other buildings. Thistract is well watered by a large pond and never failing spring.This tract has on it a ten-acre tobacco barn.TRACT NO. 2 contains 2 1 7.664 acres, has a splendid sixroom residence ; large stock barn; very large corn crib ; servant'shouse; garage and other out buildings; splendid cistern and well,and several large ponds. Not a foot of this tract is under cultivation, all being old sod and meadow. Practically all of thiswill raise tobacco.TRACT NO. 3 contains 81.216 acres, about 25 or 30 acresof which is in meadow; about 1 2 acres old sod, and the remainderis in corn and tobacco; but the portion in corn and tobacco wasplowed out of old sod this year. This tract has a three-room tenant house and plenty of water.TRACT NO. '4 contains 63.6 acres, has a five-room house,stock barn and corn crib. About 1 0 acres is in old sod and thebalance in meadow and corn ; but the portion in corn was an oldmeadow last year. This tract is watered by a pond and cistern. .TRACT NO. 5 unimproved, contains 98.377 acres. About10 acres or more is in old sod and the balance is in corn andmeadow.TRACT NO. 6 contains 1 78.669 acres, has an 8-room residence; a ten-acre tobacco barn; large stock barn; tenanthouse ; smoke house ; spring house and other out buildings. Allof this land is in old sod except about 8 acres sown in clover andbluegrass, and about 5 or 6 acres in corn. This tract is also wellwatered by two big ponds and three never failing springs.TRACT NO. 7 contains 1 8 1 .392 acres ;ABOUT 25 ACRES BEING VIRGIN SOILand the balance being in old sod except a smallmeadow of 10 or 12 acres and about 10 acres in tobaccoHas a five-room tenant house; stock barn, etc. This tract is wellwatered by a well and never failing spring.TRACT NO. 8 unimproved, contains 67.02 acres and is oneof the best located tracts in the County. It adjoins the doubletrack of the L. & N. Railroad at Lseondida Station. this, tractwas sown in clover and bluegrass last spring.7A crop of over 15000 pounds of Tobaccogrown on the FORD FARM in 1918, on aboutten acres of land sold for $80.00 per hundred.Keep this in mind While bidding on these farms.This sale is for the purpose of making a final and completesettlement of the Robert T. Ford estate; and the land will be soldregardless of price.This .is undoubtedly the greatest opportunity ever offered inthis county to a purchaser desiring a splendid farm.The main pipe line of the Central Kentucky Natural GasCompany from Paris to Clintonville runs along the Paris &. Clintonville Turnpike in front of tracts 1,2,3 end 4.TERMS Ten per cent, of the purcLase money will be paidcash on day of sale, 23 1 -3 per cent. March 1 st, 1 920, when deedwill be delivered and possession given and the remaining twothirds to be evidenced by two promissory notes for equal amountsdue in one and two years respectively from March 1 st, 1 920, with6 per cent, interest from date, interest due and payable annually,with lien retained.All prospective purchasers are invited to compare the present crops now growing on these lands with growing crops on anyother land in this or any adjoining county.For further information call on our attorneys, TALBOTT &WHITLEY, Paris, Kentucky, who will take pleasure in showingthese lands to prospective purchasers.ETHIS SALE WILL BE MADE RAIN OR SHINEROBTFORDHIE!RTALBOTT & WHITLEY, AttorneysGEO. D. SPEAKES, AuctioneerTUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1919THE BOTOBOH NEWS, PATHS XEHTOCETp"i rPAGEKT.fOFJ THE BESTNOTHING ELSEATTENTION, FARMERS!Bring in your Seed Wheat andlet us clean it for you. Telephone us and we will arrangeto clean your wheat the sameday it is brought in.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.aug26-tf)CHOICE GUT ELOWERS.For choisest Cut FlowersandFuneral Designs, call onPO. VARDEN, Floral AgentoTHE LEXlKGTON TROTSLexington Trots, Sept. 29 to Oct.11. Let's go.(sept9-12)-. oSEVERELY BURNED.Wliile attempting to light a gasstove at her home, Mrs. Nettie Lailwas severely burned about the faceand head by a back flare of the gas.Medical assistance was promptlygiven and the injured woman madeas comfortable as possible.oYICILTS OF PARALYSIS.Mrs. Moilie Talbott, aged eightysix, mother of Magistrate John T.Talbott, of the North Middletownprecinct, who recently suffered astroke of paralysis shows no sign ofimprovement. She ,js conscious, butunable to talk.. oPORMER. PARISIAN TO ADDRESSEIRE CHIEFS.Mr. Edward M. Hite, formerly ofParis, now Chief Deputy State FireMarshal is on the program for an address at the first meeting of the Kentucky Fair Chief's Association, to beheld in Louisville from Septejnber 10to 12 inclusive. Mr. Hite will takefor his subject ''The State Fire Marshal, His Office and Jurisdiction."oAPFEES! APPLES!Apples for canning and for makingapple butter.CHAS. P. COOK-& CO.oCUT ELOWERS AKD EUNERAL DESIGNS. Cut Flowers and Funeral Designsfurnished on short notice.JO. VARDEN, Floral Agent.pK. M. I. TO OPEN.The Millersburg Military Institutewill open at Millersburg to-morrowwith a total enrollment of one hundred and live cadets, ninety of thembeing in the boarding department.For the past month nearly as manymore have been declined for lack ofroom. The M. M. I. easily ranks asone of the leading eduactional institutions of the State, and the fact thatCol. Best has been compelled to decline many promising students speakswell for the fame the M. M. I.' hasgained abroad.o ' ''BACK EEOM: CAMP BOONE.irGeneral Secretary Chas. B. Harrison, of the Bourbon County Y. M. C.A., has returned from Camp DanielBoone, on the Kentucky river, wherehe has been attending the SecretarialConference of the Kentucky Y. M. C.A. About -fifty secretaries were present from different portions of theState. Reports showed the Y. M. C.A. work in" the State to be in excellent shape, and ready for a forward program during the comingseason. Mr. Harrison was appointeda member of the Findings Copnmitteeof the Conference. The committee'Breport as adopted by the Conferenceis used as a guide for the programof work throughout the State.r o-&EBGE NOTES. ""'At the recent meeting of RathboneLodge Knights of Pythias, the ThirdRank was conferred on the followingcandidates: Jas. O. Williams, C. E.Henry, Jesse Martin, King Estes, J.S. Osborne and George Hicks. The.Pythian Sisters were present in theroom, adjoining, inspecting the roo,mwhich they will occupy permanently,beginning next Thursday night. Theladies had several applications formembership, which will be actedupon at the next meeting.At the meeting of the Brotherhoodof Railway Trainmen six candidateswere initiated, as follows: E. E.Herron, Virgil Cooper, R. W. Batson,J. L. McCarthy, W. E. Deering andE. T. Sousley. The work was witnessed by a large crowd of membersand visitors.oRUBIN & CHERRY CARNIVALC0OMPANY THIS WEEK.This week the amusement lovers ofthe county will be given an. opportunity to hit the sawdust trail in thewake of the Rubin & Cherry Co.,which comes for a week's engagepientunder the auspices of the Paris FireDepartment. This company has justfinished a week's engagement at theBlue Grass Fair, in Lexington. Theshows will be given on the Wilson lotnear the Tenth street passenger station of the Louisville & Nashville.Owing to the fact that the trainbearing the Rubin & .Cherry Company to Paris was several hours lateleaving Lexington, the band concertadvertised to take place at 5 o'clockSunday afternoon, in front .of. thecourt house, was not given. A" largecrowd waited patiently for the appearance of the hand, and went awaymuch disappointed.SOCIAL ASJD PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mr. John E. Hildreth has gone toToronto, Canada, on a business mission. Misses Elizabeth and Sue Ricehave gone to Lake Saranac, in NewYork, to spend their vacation.Mr. Albert Behrman, of Newport, is the guest of his sister, Mrs.J. W. Bacon, on Cypress street.Mr. Edsell Clarke and daughterhave returned to their home nearParis after an extended stay at Dawson Springs.Miss Lola Chamberlain andEthel Griffin have returned to theirhomes in Maysville after a visit toMr. and Mrs. C. H. Goodman.Mrs. Sophia Ewalt Kiser, ofParis, has taken a position as nurseat the M. M. I., in Millersburg, fortne sciiooi term of 1919-1920.Lieutenant Frank Donaldson recently in the aviation service withthe U. S. A., is a guest of his erand-mothers, Mrs. Mattie Donaldson.Mrs. Anna Hatfield, who hasbeen a patient at the Massie Memorial Hospital, where she underwentan operation for appendicitis, has returned to her home near Paris.Mrs. Wilson Wilder has as guestsat her home on Pleasant street, inthis city, Mrs. J. T. Bell and daughter, Miss Helen Bell, of Atlanta, Ga.Mrs. C. R. Alexander, of Paris,and Mrs. George Link, of Hutchison,while attending the sessions of theKentucky Conference, at Shelbyville,were guests of Mr. and Mrs. J. B.Hornback.Misses Sallie May Banta and Elton Rice have gone to Midway, wherethey will be in the senior class of theKentucky Orphan School for the coming school term.Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Bacon andMiss Clara Bacon, Miss Anna Wallaceand Mr. C. E. Peterson, of Maysville,returned Sunday from Atlantic City,New York and Norfolk, Va.Rev. R. C. Goldsmith, pastor of theParis Baptist church, has returnedfrom Hillsboro, in Fleming county,where he attended the meeting of theElkhorn Baptist Association.Mr. Miles H. H. Davis, of theBourbon Steam Laundry, left Saturday for a two-weeks trip to Washington, New York, Philadelphia andother points of interest in the East.The following card of announcement has been received: "Mrs. JohnStuart Roberts, Miss Margaret Ferguson. At home, Thursday, SeptemberEleventh, from three to six o'clock.Glen Iris. Please reply."Mr. Thos. A. Crawford anddaughters, Misses Thelma and GladysCrawford, of Louisville, Mrs. Osie,Weedham, of Illinois, and Mrs. IdaCrawford, of Waverly, Ohio, have returned to their homes, after a visitto Mr. Carl Crawford, in this city.Miss Nell Crutcher entertainedthe Stoner Avenue Club, Fridayevening witti a "Tacky Party" followed by "Five Hundred." At theconclusion of the games a saladcourse was served.Prof, and Mrs. B. M. Boberts andchildren have returned to their homeat Little Rock, in this county, aftera trip to Owen county. They wereguests there of Mrs. Roberts' mother,Mrs. B. F. Lusby.Miss Mildred Collins, of NorthMiddletown, is a (member of a camping party on the Kentucky River,being chaperoned by Mrs. JuniusMilward and Mrs. Mary Taylor, ofLexington.The following beautifully-engravedcard announcing the advent ofa handsome daughter in the home ofRev. and Mrs. John Jay Rice, atHarrodsburg, has been received:"Mr. and Mrs. John Jay Rice, Susanne Adele Rice, August 21st,1919."Among those who have engagedboxes for the seven days' autumnrace" meeting of the Kentucky JockeyClub, which begins at Lexington,Saturday, are Mr. and Mrs. A. B.Hancock, and Mr. and Mrs. CatesbyWoodford, of Paris.Mr. William Merringer, one ofthe L. & N.'s best engineers, is ill atthe home of his brother, Mr .JohnMerringer, on Main street. Mr. Meiringer is suffering from blood poisoning contracted in the line of duty.Frqm leaning on his right arm in thecab window a bruise resulted, developing into blood poisoning.Lieut. E. R. Snapp, formerlycirculation manager of the LexingtonLeader, who has been a guest offriends in this city, has returned toWashington, D. C. He will go toCamp Dix, N. J., where he will receive his final discharge papers. Hewas in the Quartermasters' Corps ofthe American Expeditionary Forcesin France for more than a year.Miss Edith Rubel, of Lebanon,and Miss Olive Rebertson, of Carlisle, two Kentucky musicians, whohave been in Farnce as entertainerswith the Y. M. C. A., have returnedare are visiting relatives before going to New York for the coming season. Miss Rubel is at her home inLebanon, and Miss Robertson is visiting her sister in Covington.The following from Paris attended the annual meeting of the SouthElkhorn Baptist Association held atMortonsville, in Woodford county, asdelegates frojm the Paris Baptistchurch: Mr. and Mrs. Thos. W.Spicer, Mrs. Walter Clark, Dr. J. S.Wallingford, Misses Vivian andKatherine Wallingford, Chas. Stephens, Frank P. White, J. T. Martin and Charles Green.Since the gay season is about toopen, and jmany weddings and otheroccasions are having formal invitations sent out a little lecture onpromptness of sending reply shouldnot be amiss. It is not proper courtesy to leave any invitation unanswered, and the reply should be as'early as" possible,' particularly whenthe cards are for a very large evening occasion.Mrs. W. L. Davis, who has beena guest of her sister, Mrs. John T.Hinton, for several weeks, has goneto Hendersonville, N. C, where shewill meet Mr. Davis and return totheir home in Columbia, South Carolina. Reports fropn the Massie Memorial Hospital yesterday stated thatMiss Lucy Henry, who has been seriously ill of tyhoid fever, was slightly improved.Miss Sara Power entertained theYoung People's Society of the Methodist church, Friday evening, at herhome near Paris. The subject fordiscussion was "A Friendship Crusade." The home of Mr. and Mrs. Walter Kenney, on the North Middletownpike, near Paris, was the scene of ahappy social event last week, whenMrs. Kenney was hostess to a largenumber of guests. The home was"beautifully decorated for the occasion, and a delightful lunch wasserved. The hostess was assisted inreceiving by Mrs. Whittington Mann,Mrs. R. S. Swango, Mrs. Charles A.Webber, Mrs. Clarence Kenney, Mrs.J. O. Evans, Mrs. Thomas Buckner,Mrs. Samuel Harding, Mrs. RussellMann, Mrs. Wade H. Whitley, Mrs.Virgil Gaitskill, Mrs. James Caldwell,Mrs. Eddie Spears Hinton ,Miss KateAlexander and Miss Anna Hutchcraft. On the receiving line wereMrs. Walter Kenney, Mrs. Wm. Kenney Dudley, Mrs. Clarence Kenney,Mrs. Chas. A. Webber and Mrs. JohnM. Sturgeon.(Other Personals on Page 3.)oCHOICE CUT ELOWERS.For choicest Cut Flowers andFuneral Designs, call onPO. VARDEN, Floral Agent.oBOURBON FARMING CONDITIONS.Bourbon county farmers are busywith their fall plowing. The seedingpf wheat will be considerably reducedcompared witn tnat or a year ago,while more barley and rye will beseeded. Early corn is rapidly maturing, the late planted corn still being green, owing to recent rains.Rain is badly needed again, stock water being scarce. Grass is sufferingfrom lack of moisture, and manyfarmers are feeding green corn totheir live stock. Tobacco cutting isprogressing with the early set cropsand under the effects of the rains thelast settings are growing out nicely.Shipments of livestock continue tomove slowly on account of the shortage of cars. The recent decline inprices of cattle and hogs is havingconsiderable to do with keeping stockon grass and feed. The farmers having satisfactorily disposed of theturnpike bond issue and road taxquestions, are turning their wholeattention to their work again.. o-LIST YOUR PROPERTY NOW.SAVE PENALTY.Come En and list your property today, the time limit isnear when a penalty will go on.The law requires you to cometo our office In the CourtHouse. Do it NOW.WALTER CLARK,Tax Commissioner.JNO. J. REDMON,Deputy.(aug8-tf)BOURBON SHEEP INDUSTRY.According to the tax books of theBourbon County Tax Commissionersthe sheep industry in this country ison the increase. A total of 777 headof breeding ewes and goats beingshown by the records. Since the doglaw went into effect the killing ofsheep has been reduced to the minimum. With the recent shipment of threedouble-deck carloads of lambs to themarkets by Caywood & McClintock,of Paris, the marketing of the 1919crop of lambs from .this county cameto an end. The industry has been themeans of putting into the pockets ofthe farmers of Bourbon county over?500,000.THfe BEST INSURANCE.Insure your tobacco in thebarn against Fire and Windstorm withYERKES & PEED,Farmers & Traders Bank.(augl5-tf)FoundOn Main street, in Paris, a goldKnights Templar shirt stud. Ownercan obtain same by calling at THENEWS office, proving property andpaying advertising charges.FoundOn the Maysville pike, iy2 milesfrom Paris, a pocketbook containinga sum of money some receipts and oilstock certificates. Owner can havesame by proving property, payingcharges, etc. Apply toA. B. COLLINS,At Cumberland Telephone Office,Paris, Ky. (9-3).Agent WantedAgent for Paris and vicinity. Goodproposition. Previous experience unnecessary. Free School of Instruction.AddressMASSACHUSETTS BONDING ANDINSURANCE COMPANY,Accident and Health Department,Saginaw, Michigan.Capital, $1,500,000. " ' (9-12)Autumn OpeningIntroducing the Newest Colorings and theMost Favored Fabrics inSuits, Coats, Dresses, SkirtsWaists, Hosiery and MillineryFor Autumn WearThe SuitsAre sufficient unto themselves. "Theyhave the Wintry look wanted in a suit,"is the compliment many women paythem.The CoatsThis is a greatly favored season fora separate coat. Full length models withgraceful lines is a distinguishing feature.The DressesSashes play an importont part inmany of the dresses. Others adopt narrow lines with suggestions of width atthe hips.The SkirtsA varied showing in serges and softsilks with the latest trimmings. Othersare of plaid velours, some being in accordion pleated models. You can easilyfind your skirt here.HARRY SIMON!224 W. Main St.Lexington, Ky.Every Suit MakCustomerWhen a man or young man buys a suit in our store he can be counted on asa future customer, because he knows what he buys here is only the best he has boughtand knows the three big factors considered are: (1) quality, (2) style, and (3) good tailoring. Buying from leading concerns in the country makes it possible for us to offer thevery newest ideas in clothes, and we believe we have the best showing in town.Young men will like the popular waist seam model with belt all around in single anddouble breasted coats. New shades of browns, tans, greens and blues are shown, includingthe new fancy mixtures. You will be delighted with this showing of good clothes and youwill appreciate their values.$20.00 to $50.00 ...-;R.7th and Main-r. Copyright 1917, -A B. KiiSbbfttua Co. .tP. WALSHOne-Price StoreIXIXIKIXIXIXIXIXIXIXIXIXIXIXThe WaistsThe beauty of design is styled intoevery blouse and waist we are showingduring our opening. Some have buttonswhile others are made to slip over thehead, drawing back into a softly foldedsash that ties in the back.The HosieryR0x1The fine weave of these hose reminds you of glove silk and their shapeliness lend a touch of completeness to thesmart frock or gown.The MillineryOur millinery possesses an effectiveness and novelty in the use of handwork on the many models. Others aretrimmed in new and' fascinating waysthat appeal to the misses and the matrons.IXxMain Street IParis, Ky. ,swes AParis, Ky.Ir :-uTUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 11THE BOTOBOH HEWS, PA&IS, KtafttlCKtPAGEfflt!l J--' ' 'BPIP!-- f lirwsa "An OrdinanceSubmitting to the Legal Voters of theCity of Paris the Question of aBond Issue of Sixty Thousand Dollars ($60,000.00) to Be Used forthe Purpose of Constructing Sanitary Sewers On Main Street fromfourteenth Street to TwentiethStreet and on Fourteenth StreetProm Main Street to JacksonStreet; Prom Clifton Street to aSanitary Sewer on ClintonvillePike from a Point 50 Feet East ofthe L. & N. Railroad to the Intersection of Clifton Street; on Clifton Street From its IntersectionWith Clintonville Pike to Nineteeth Street, from its IntersectionWith Nineteenth Street 700 FeetNorth to a Lateral Sewer; on BrentStreet from Its Intersection WithClintonville Pike for a Distance of620 Feet North and on BrentStreet From Its Intersection WithNineteenth Street 740 Feet NorthNorth to a Lateral Sewer; onNineteenth Street From Its Intersection With Clifton Street to aPoint 140 Feet East From the Center Line of Main Street; on Nineteenth Street From Its Intersection With Clifton Street to a Point140 Feet East of Brent Street: onWinchester Street From Link Avenue to Tenth Street; on TenthStreet From Pleasant Street to L.& N. Depot; thence South Withthe Bight of Way of L. & N. Hailroad to Winchester Street; on Parrish Avenue From Vine Street tolink Avenue; on Vine Street FromParrish Avenue to Harmon Street;on link Avenue 100 Feet Northand 100 Feet' South of Parrish Avenue; on Scott Avenue From aPoint 380 Feet West of Washington Street and to a Point 370 FeetWest of L. & N. Railroad. A Sanitary Sewer in Private Right ofWay from Trunk Sewer to CliftonStreet and Maysville Street fromSeott Avenue 350 Feet North.BE IT d&UAlNED, by th'e Mayorand the Board of Council of the Cityof Paris that an election be and thesame is hereby called and ordered tohe held at the regular election to beheld' in the City of Paris, on Tuesday, the 4th day of November, 1919,and that at said election there besubmitted to the qualified electors ofthe' City of Paris, Kentucky the following proposition, to-wit:"Are you in favor of issuing bondsof the City of Paris, Kentucky, in thesum of Sixty Thousand Dollars($60,000.00) to be paid by leviesmade annually to meet said bonds.nd the interests thereof, for the purpose of constructing and extendingthe' sanitary sewer system of the Cityof Paris on the following streets, towit: "Main Street from FourteenthStreet to Twentieth Street. Fourteenth Street from Main Street toJackson Street. Clifton Street to asanitary sewer on Clintonville Pikefrom a point 50 feet East of the L. &N. Railroad to the intersection ofClifton Street."On Clifton Street from its intersection with Clintonville pike toNineteenth Street; from its intersection with Nineteenth Street 700feet North to a lateral sewer."On Brent Street from its intersection with Clintonville pike for adistance of 620 feet North, and onBrent Street from its intersectionwith Nineteenth Street 740 feetNorth to a lateral sewer."On Nineteenth Street from its intersection with Clifton Street to apoint 140 feet East from the centerline of Main Street."On Nieeteenth Street from its intersection with Clifton Street to apoint 140 feet East of Brent Street."On Tenth Street from PleasantStreet to L. & N. Depot; thenceSouth with the right of way of L. &N. Bailroad to Winchester Street."On Parrish Avenue from VineStreet to Link Avenue."On Vine Street from Parrish Avenue to Harmon Street.".On Link Avenue 100 feet Northand 100 feet South of Parrish Avenue. "On Scott Avenue from a point380 feet West of Washington Streetto a point 370 feet West of L. & N.Railroad. A sanitary sewer in private right of way from trunk sewerto Clifton Street and MaysvilleStreet from Scott Avenue 350 feetNorth?"'It is further ordered that saidDona's, if authorized to be issued,shall mature at intervals to be hereaftlr determined, but none of saidbond are to mature at a later datetham20 years after the date of issue,and that there shall be raised annually by taxation for said purpose thesum of Six Thousand Dollars($,00.00), or such part thereof astnaybe necessary for an interest andsinking fund for the purpose of pay'inpithe interest on said bonds andredeeming said bonds at their ma-MILLERSBURGPAT SOLES' CHANCE.Miss Sallie Mclntyre continuesabout the same.Henitz Sweet Pickles at Caldwell's, 30 cents a pint.Mrs. R. S. Sanford and sons, ofGeorgia, are guests of Miss RuthMcClintock.Mrs. G. R. Huffman, of Covington, is the guest of her mother-in-law,Mrs. Mary L. Huffman.Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Butler andson returned Monday after a tendays' sojourn at Olympia Springs.The Graded School is closed thisweek, on account of the CountyTeachers' Institute, now in sessionin Paris. All of our teachers are inattendance.Miss Nancy Louise Best leftMonday for Sayre College, Lexington.She has accepted the chair as principal of music, and will enter on herduties Wednesday.The Levy Dry Cleaning Plant, atParis, is prepared to do all kinds ofwork in that line. For further particulars, call on R. M. Caldwell,Agent. Prices right.Millersburg was well represented at the Blue Grass Fair, at Lexington last week. We will also bewell represented at the State Fair, atLouisville, this week.Mrs. Ruth Peed and daughters,left for Lexington, to-day, wherethey have taken rooms, Miss DorothyPeed having accepted a chair in theliterary department of Sayre College.Mr. and Mrs. Ireland Davis returned Saturday from their weddingtour, and are at the home of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Butler. Theywill go to their new home at Parisnext week.Dr. C. C. Fisher, Rev. J. W.Gardner and Rev. J. D. Redd returned from Shelbyville, yesterday, wherethey have been attending the Kentucky Conference of the M. E.Church, South.The home of the late Mrs. America J. Butler was offered at publicsale Saturday afternoon, but wastaken down, the bid of six thousanddollars being rejected. The propertyis now for sale privately. ,The M. C. wilf open Wednesday.A number of the young ladies andjmembers of the faculty will arriveto-day. The outlook is promising.The M. M. I. will open Thursday.Col. Best has been compelled to turndown a number of applications, owing to a lack of room.oMEET ME AT LEXINGTON.Trots,(Kansas City Star)Summer is a fine time for fat folks. .'For sujmmer is, above all, the seasonfor the diet that satisfies hungerwithout furnishing surplus 'weight.Taking off flesh is as simple a matter as reducing your .bank account.All you have to do is to eat less food.Your surplus flesh will then diminish just as surely as the balancewhen you check out more than youdeposit. There is no mystery aboutit.If you really wish to take advantage of the situation and take offweight, specialize on summer vegetables. You would have to eat something like $9 worth of lettuce andtomatoes to get as much food as youwould from 30 cents' worth of butteror ten cents' worth of sugar. So goto the lettuce and tomatoes andspinich and beets and string beans.It is easy in summer to pick out agood living made up largely of vegetables that are 'mostly camouflagedfood. They taste good and give youthe feeling" that you have eaten, butthey don't contribute to the size ofthat equatorial region about which,as regards Mr. Willard, all the sportwriters were so interested.Incidently, there is no use kiddingyourself with the idea that you arerestricting your diet if you restrict itonly at meals and eat plenty of icecream and candy between meals.Nature refuses to be kidded. Ittakes everything you eat quite seriously. o iFRENCH POPULATION SHIFTSMeetSept. 29me at Lexingtonto Oct. 11.(sept9-12)o3,900 AUTOMOBILE LICENSESISSUED DURING AUGUST.Three thousand nine hundred automobile licenses were issued duringthe month of August by the Department of Motor Vehicles. The collections for the month amounted to$14,183.44,- wM?n is an increase ofHerbert Adams Gibbons, whose interesting study, "Human Currents ofthe War," appears in the July issueof Everybody's, quotes the followingstatistics to indicate the trend ofpopulation from country to city as aresult of industrial mobilization inFrance. "The population of Francehas decreased by two millions.Three million men are still mobilized at this writing. And yet the population of Paris has increased nearlya million. Other cities claim the following increases: Lyons, 400,000;Marseilles, 550,000; Toulouse, 350,000; Bordeaux, 150,000, and St. Etienne, Rouen, Limoges, Montpellier,Cette, Nice, Havre, Brest, Nantes andGrenoble frcpn 40,000 to 100,000each. The figures cannot be checkedup until the new census is taken.There are undoubtedly exaggerations.But we cannot be far from wrong ifwe take these cities and 4a dozenother centers in estimating that thealready depleted agricultural regionsof France have contributed to thecities at least 3,000,000 new inhabitants. What will be lost by returning refugees is likely to be counterbalanced by the marked determination of hundreds of thousands of demobilized soldiers to settle in largeCenters." , , ,- v . . ass.S83.65. r.vAr the same month oflast year. The department is issuing I SPENT A $1 ON RAT-SNAP AND'SPSS-!.-c9t k.. KOilB uTT.SuJj . -JSSittJBR . .n ... ..no'-.-W-' v.'jnr- 9l.z !.-.'" vr l-vV.-VfvWSAMELS supply cigarette contentment beyond anythingyou ever experienced ! You never tasted such fullbodied mellow-mildness ; such refreshing, appetizingflavor and coolness. The more Camels you smoke thegreater becomes your delight Camels are such a cigarette revelation IEverything about Camels you find so fascinating is due totheir quality to the expert blend of choice Turkish andchoice Domestic tobaccos.You'll say Camels are in a class by themselves they seemmade to meet your own personal tasie in so many ways!Freedom from any unpleasant cigaretty after-taste or unpleasant cigaretty odor makes Camels particularly desirableto the most fastidious smokers. And, you smoke Camels asliberally as meets your own wishes, for they never tire yourtaste ! You are always keen for thecigarette satisfaction that makesCamels so attractive. Smokers realize that the value is in the cigarettesand do not expect premiums or coupons! Compare Camels with any cigarette in the world at any price !Camels ere sold everywhere in scientificallysealed packages of 20 cigarettes, or ten packages 200 cigarettes) in u glasatne-paper-coveredcarton. We strongly recommendthis carton for the home or oEice supplyor when you travel.R. J.REYNOLDS TOBACCO COMPANYWinston-Salem, N. C.18c. a package-iL-J . JT -i': Vw?:tt..TA,ILVPLAN LIGHTING THREE TOWNSPKOM ONE PLANT.on an average of ;L,000 licenses aweek and it is Pinnated that 25,-000 jmore licenses will be issued thisyear than last.-o-THE BEST ADVERTISEMENT.The best advertisement any merchant can have is a satisfied customer. No CTeater recommedation can Jbe given an article than the following by E. B. Milburn, Prop. GuionDrug Store, Guion, Ark. "We havesold Chamberlain's Cough Remedyfor years and have always found thatit gives perfect satisfaction."(adv-sept)oWhat this country seems badly toneed is a repnedy that will regulatethe liver, along with other affectedorgans of the body politic.SAVED THE PRICE OP A HOG"James McGuire, famous hog raiserof New Jersey says, "I advise everyfarmer troubled with rats to useRAT-SNAP. Tried everything to getrid of rats. Spent ?1 on RAT-SNAP.Figured the rats it killed saved theprice of one hog." RAT-SNAP comesin cake form. No mixing with otherfood. Cats or dogs won't touch it.Three sizes, 25c, 50c, $1.00. Soldand guaranteed by the Farmers Supply Co.(adv-sept)OLDTIME DRINKS.A movement is on foot to light thetown of Brooksville, county seat ofBracken county, with electricity furnished by the Maysville Power Company's plant. The plant at Brooksville is at the present time loaded toits capacity and the owners of thatplant have been figuring as towhether they had best enlarge theirpant or wire from Maysville to theirtown and have the current furnished.The Maysville plant will probably interest Germantown, Washington andAugusta in the proposition, as well,so that these towns might light theirvstreets from the same line, ..-'CHAMBE&LADPS COIIC AND DIARRHOEA REMEDY INMICHIGANThe One MinuteGrain Cleaner!turity. Said bonds shall be issuedproviding for the payment of interestthereon at the rate of not more than5 per annum."At the election herein ordered thequalified voters of the City of Paris,Kentucky, shall have the right tovote, and a tax proposed to be levied for the purpose aforesaid shallbe levied upon all property in theCity of Paris subject to levy for general purposes."The City Clerk shall give noticeof the election above provided forby publishing a notice thereof in anewspaper having a general circulation in the City of Paris, Kentucky,for at least two weeks prior to saidelection. Said notice shall specifythe amount of indebtedness proposedto be incurred and the purpose of thesame and the amount necessary to beraised annually by taxation for aninterest and sinking fund as aboveset out."The City Clerk will furnish tothe Clerk of Bourbon County a certified copy of this ordinance and hewill likewise furnish to the Sheriffof Bourbon County a copy of this ordinance within ten days after itspassage and said Clerk and Sheriffare directed to do and to performeverything required by law in conducting said election and in the preservation of the returns and the canvassing and certification of the vote."It is further directed that theBoard of Eelection Commissioners ofBourbon County shall canvass the returns of said election and certify theresults, and they will deliver a copyof the certification to the Board ofCouncil of the City of Paris.E. B. JANUARY, Mayor.AttestJ W. HAYDEN, Clerk!City Hall, Paris, Ky., Aug. 28, 1919.(sept2-4t)(Philadelphia Ledger)The Historical Society of Pennsylvania early in its career translatedinto English an account by the Swedish traveler Israel Acrelius of thedifferent sorts of strong drink thatwere popular hereabouts."Mamm" was made of water, sugarand rum, and was the chief stock-in-tradeof many a tavernkeeper. ."Manathan" was rum, sugar and beer."Lillibub" was made of pnilk, wineand sugar. "Tiff" was beer, rum andsugar poured on buttered toast."Sampson" lived up to the namea mixture of cider and rum. Theingredients of "sangaree" were wine,water, sugar and nutmeg. Whenbrandy and sugar were added to ciderit became "cider royal." "Rawdram" was the title for straight rum.Tea, coffee and chocolate werepopular. "Small beer" came frommolasses and "table beer" was brewed from persimmons, pounded upwith the seeds, mixed with wheatbran and baked in an oven.If among the innumerable beverages of the time a man could findnothing to quench his thirst, he musthave been hard to satisfy.The Pilgrim Fathers were muchdistressed because" they were reducedto drinking water when they cameto the New World. But Higginson,of Salem, proudly told his contemporaries: "I can and of times do drinkNew England water very well."oREAD WHAT U. S. DEPARTMENTOF AGRICLTJTURE SAYS ABOUTWHAT TWO RATS CAN DO.According to government figures,two rats breeding continually forthree years produce 359,709,482 individual rats. Act when you see thefirst rat; don't wait. RAT-SNAP isthe surest, cleanest, most convenientexterminator. No mixing with otherfoods. Drys up after killing leavesno spiell. Cats or dogs won't touchit Sold and guaranteed by theFarmers -Supply Co.(adv-sept)Mrs. A. H. Hall, Caseville, Mich.,says: "I wish to thank you for 'yourgrand good medicine, Chamberlain'sColic and Diarrn6ea Remedy. Weare never without it in the houseaiJ&I am sure it saved our hahy's itffethis supnmer."Mrs. Mary Qarnngton, ,uas&vine,says. "1 nave usea namDer-Colic and Diarrhoea Remedyand it "has always givenprompt relief."(adv-sept)Mich.,Iain'sfor yearsKENTUCKY CORN CROP MAY BE7ft060fiOO BUSHELS.This year's corn crop in Kentuckywill exceed seventy-seven millionbushels, according to estimates of theState Department of Agriculture based on present conditions.This is an average of twenty-threebushels an acre. By sections the average yield runs from sixteen to thirty-twobushels, according to theweather conditions in various localities. Taken as a whole, the crop outlookin the State is not very favorable atthis time, and the department hopesthat next month's report will show areal improvement.oDESPONDENCY.Sufferers from indigestion are aptto become discouraged and feel thatcomplete recovery is not to be hopedfor. No one could make a greatermistake. Hundreds have been permanently cured by taking Chamberlain's Tablets and can now eat anything that they crave. These tabletsstrengthen the stomach and enable itto perform its functions naturally. Ifyou have not tried them do so atonce.(adv-sept)oCURT JETT CONVERTS 60 IN REFORM SCHOOL.Something That Every FarmerWho Sows as Much as 10 Acresof Wheat Should Have.fl$Come and let us show youwhat this little machine willdo.It will help you raise moreand much better wheat thanyou ever 'raised before, andwill more than pa7 for itselfin one season.Over sixty male inmates of theState Reform School at Lexingtonannounced Tuesday afternoon thatthey are converted from evil waysand stated their intention of joiningthe church. This action was takenfollowing a talk delivered to the boysby the Rev. Curt Jett, former Breathitt county feudist. One hundred andtwenty-five other boys asked Jett topray for them. Jett is now a studentJ at Asbury; College, Wiijmore, Ky.C. S. BALL GARAGECor. Fourth and Pleasant Sts.nggaii.fc-j.iujju- -......juaasgraj.g'gas:5g-sg5 J4Sf 1SICoal Coal CoalHave You Talked WithCOLLIER BROS.About Your Winter Coal?Office Opposite Paris TobaccoWarehouseCumberland Phone 9972S7itTUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1919!FHE BOTTBSOH NEWS, PAHS, KENTUCKY"ill. T' srCome in and See Ourmh )nReady-to -WearTWIN BROS.Department Store7th and Main Paris, KyHOMEKILLEDMEATSVealPorkBeefLambIt's the BestTo Be HadMftRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat Marketbrighter;EVENINGSNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.useSlectria'tyfor DatingIt's the only satisfactory way.use Setsformating and CookingIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix You UpFor the Use o! BothElectricity and Gas.Paris Gas & Electric Co.dncorDoxated)IX!gktswGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pltasant Streets, Paris, Ky.-KWOOD, STUBBS & COMPANY7 CUMULATIVE PREFERRED STOCKPreferred as to assets and dividends. Annual Sinking Fund payments of10 of net earnings will be used to purchase Preferred Stock at not over110 and accrued dividend.'Net earnings for past three years have averaged over four times dividendrequirements on this stock.Net quick assets equal $131 per share on all Preferred Stock, and total netassets equal $259 per share.PRICE lOO. Special Circular on Request.JAMES C. WILLSON & CO.210 S. Fifth Street, LOUISVILLE, KY.Lift off Corns!Doesn't hurt a bit and Freezonecoots only a few cents .With your fingers! You can lift offany hard corn, soft corn, or corn between the toes, and the hard skincalluses from bottom of feet.A tiny bottle of "Freezone" costslittle at any drug store; apply a fewdrops upon the corn or callus. Instantly it stops hurting, then shortlyyou lift that bothersome corn orcallus right off, root and all, withoutone bit of pain or soreness. Truly!No humbug!(T-tf)HONEY CROP OP 14,400 POUNDSSHIPPED NORTH.Virgil Weaver & Son, honey producers of Falmouth, shipped by ex-f press 14,400 pounds of honey to onefirm in Ohio. They also sold to alocal dealer 6,000 pounds. Theirtotal crop of honey will amount to25,000 pounds. Weaver & Son have700 colonies of bees.There is (more Catarrh in this section of the country than all otherdisease put together, and for yearsit was supposed to be incurable.Doctors prescribed local remedies,and by constantly failing to curewith local treatment, pronounced itincurable. Catarrh is a local disease,greatly influenced by constitutionalconditions and therefore requiresconstitutional treatment. Hall's Catarrh Medicine, manufactured by F.J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio, is aconstitutional remedy, is taken internally and acts through the bloodon the mucous surfaces of the sys-Item. One Hundred Dollars rewardis offered for any case that Hall'sCatarrh Medicine fails to cure. Sendfor circulars and testimonials.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by Druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for constipaition.(adv-sept)oThe only practical result of our literary browsing the other day was thediscovery that Marco Bozarris wasthe first agitator to suggest thestrike.Wil moth'sFreshHomelBaked Breads,Cakes, Pies, Etc,DailyFreshMeats,Roasts,Steaks,Chops, Fancy Goods.FamousCoffees and TeasWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376IKSPLATFORM ADOPTED BY DEMOCRATS AT LOUISVILLE CONVENTION.LOUISVILLE, KY., Sept. 3.General revision of the State revenue law in a way that will insuregradual reduction of taxes on realestate, resulting, ultimately, in relieving it from State taxes, exceptfor school and road purposes, ispromised in the platform adoptedhere Thursday night by KentuckyDemocrats in State convention.The platform declares also for aproduction tax on oil .and gas, caustic legislation against profiteering,ratification of the Federal amendment for woman suffrage, continuation of the primary system 'of making nominations and creation of theoffice of State Labor Commissionerto be filled by election.The convention went on record asindorsing unqualifiedly the Wilsonadministration. In the platform preamble attention is called to the factthat every Democratic platformpledge of 1915 has been fulfilled,and the Democratic party is congratulated on the fact. It is set forth thatthere is not a piece of State legislation enacted during the last eightyears that Republicans, if theyshould happen to be in control of theLegislature this fall, would dare repeal. In the platform are a strong agriculture plank, a strong educationalplank, that is calculated to advancethe cause of literacy in Kentuckyand elevate school teachers to theplane on which they belong, and astrong public health plank.Practically the only fight wagedin the draftiing and adoption of theplatform had to do with woman suffrage, the issue being whether theconvention should declare for ratification of the Federal amendment, orcall on the coming Legislature tosubmit the matter of suffrage to thepeople.This question of state rights inthe matter of suffrage was the basisof the only fight that caused even aripple on the otherwise placid surface. Indorsement of the Federal amendment plan was a distinct disappointment to Senator J. C. W. Beckham,who had hoped that the conventionwould support State submission instead. He took the position thateach State should settle the matterof suffrage within its own borders,and that the Federal Governmentshould keep hands off.In the opinion of Democrats in attendance on the convention, it wasone of the most representative gatherings of its kind ever held in Kentucky. Approximately 2,500 delegates were present.Representative Alben W. Barkley,Paducah, who, as temporary chairman, made the keynote speech, reviewed the present administration,national and State, and turned thesearchlight on Republican administrations. He pointed out that all theplatform pledges made by the Democrats in 1915 had been redeemed,and reviewed legislation enacted. Hesaid max lor .tne ursi time in yearsthe Commonwealth of Kentucky hadbeen placed on a firm financial basis,and recited figures showing thatmore money had been expended onschools and good roads than everbefore during a like period. His address thrilled his hearers to a highpitch of enthusiasm, and the speakerwas cheered repeatedlyPromptly at noon Thursday theconvention was called to order in theArmory by Judge Charles A. Hardin,Harrodsburg, chairman of the Democratic State Central and ExecutiveCommittees. He made a brief address in which he declared that therehad been more constructive, just andhelpful legislation under PresidentWilson than during a period of fiftyyears under the Republicans. TheDemocratic party in this State, hesaid, is united and he predicted thatthe Democratic ticket will win inNovebmer by at least 30,000 votes.When Judge Hardin called fornominations for temporary chairmanof the convention, only one name,that of Representative Barkley, wassubmitted. The nominating speechwas made by State Senator CharlesH. Harriss, Versailles, and W. A.Berry, Paducah, seconded it. Representative Barkley was escorted to thestage by a committee composed ofSenator Harriss, Mr. Berry and Representative David H. Kincheloe, Madisonville. Following the address of Mr. Barkley, and announcement of the personnel of the various convention committees, Delegate Berry offered aresolution, which was adopted, heartily indorsing the course pursued byPresident Wilson in behalf of theLeague of Nations, and his determination to tour the country in orderthat the people may know, first hand,just what he is attempting to bringabout in that connection;Judge John D. Carroll, New Castle,Chief Justice of the Kentucky Courtof Appeals, as permanent chairman,presided over the night session. Itwas 'at this session that the platformwas submitted by the ResolutionsCommittee and the real business ofthe convention accomplished.One of the features of the nightsession was an address by SenatorBeckham in which he pointed outthat there was nothing in the recordof the Republican party, State or national, that would warrant the peopleagain placing them in power in Kentucky or elsewhere"IT MUST HAVE BEEN DEAD ATLEAST 6 MONTHS BUTDEDN' SMELL.""Saw a big rat in our cellar lastFall," writes Mrs. Joanny, "andbought a 25c cake of RAT-SNAP,broke it up into small pieces. Lastweek while moving we came acrossthe dead rat. Must have been deadsix months, didn't smell. RAT-SNAPis wonderful." Three sizes 25c, 50c,$1.00. Sold and guaranteed by theFarmers Supply Co.(adv-sept)oInternal revenue experts may beable todeflne underwear, but canthey tell when to change to the summer ..variety? " ;ESIABUSHMEIT OF RETAILSTORES FOR SALE OFSUPPLIES.The primary object of these storesis to place before the public, at theleast rate possible, the surplus supplies of the Army. In order to reachthe greatest number of people, theUnited States has been divided intoseveral districts, according to thepopulation. For the sake of convenience these districts will be termedRetail Districts. At least one storewill be established in each RetailDistrict, under the immediate supervision of the Zone Surplus PropertyOfficer, in whose jmilitary zone thestore is located.These stores will be prepared toconduct a retail, cash, counter business, and organize a mail department, operated as part of and by thestore, and not by the Postal Department. The Postal Department willbe requested to establish in store abranch Parcel Post Office, for convenience in making shipments.An initial allotment of stock willbe made to each from Washington.This allotment is made for the benefit of the entire" retail district, andnot solely for the individual city inwhich the store is located.In many instances the initialstock will include the entire available quantity of the surplus of certainarticles, which when exhausted willbe no longer available. Under nocircujmstances will orders be receivedfor quantities in excess of allotment,or actual stock on hand, with theprospect of future replenishment.Orders received by mail for suppliesnot on hand, or for which stock isexhausted, will be immediately returned to the sender, with the advicethat same is exhausted.As the idea and subject of this saleis to reach the individual, no ordersfor large quantities of any articlewill be received, except for BoyScouts and in special cases, municipalactivities. No sales will be made tohotels, and similar institutions. Atpresent no groceries will be includedin these articles.The exact location of the variousstores that will be established in thisdistrict, and detail plans as to themethod and manner of distribution,have not been worked out, nor has alist of the articles to be sold, beenreceived. These facts will be published in all papers as soon as determined upon.These stores will not be open before September 25th.For the information of the public,the sales now being conducted by themunicipalties and Postal Departments are in no way connected withthese stores to be opened in the verynear future.The public is invited to watch thepapers for such information as willbe published from time to time.The Jeffersonville District includesall of Kentucky and that part of Indiana south of a line drawn throughIndianapolis, running east and west.Indianapolis is in the JeffersonvilleDistrict.THE TEST OF MERITParis People Are Given ConvincingProof.No better test of any article can bemade than the test of time and this isparticularly true of a kidney medicine. Doan's Kidney Pills have stoodthis test and stood it well. Whatbetter proof of the merits of this remedy could you demand, than thestatement of a Paris resident whoused it successfully and tells of lasting results.Geo. McCandles, Second street,says: "My kidneys were inactiveand I had headaches. Doan's KidneyPills put a stop to all the troublesand they gave me complete relief."(Statement given Janutry 17, 1912.)No Trouhle Since.Over twenay-four years later or onNovember 9, 1916, Mr. McCandlesssaid: "I haven't had any need of akidney remedy since I last endorsedDoan's Kidney Pills. I consider myself permanently cured.-"Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. McCandles had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)1YOUNG MILLIONAIRE TO BECOME"CUB REPORTER."Cornelius Vanderbilt, Jr., son ofBrigadier General Cornelius Vanderbilt, lias forsaken Newport and itsgay social life to accept a job as"cub" reporter on the New YorkHerald at ?25 a week.The young millionaire obtained theposition on his own initiative by aletter he wrote to the city editor ofthe paper."I wanted to be a reporter," hesaid, "because I have always foundnewspaper pnen to be the brightestand most alert people I know. Whenin France with the Twenty-seventhDivision, I always noticed that theduty calling for resources and inia-tive was nearly always given toa former newspaper man."o"MRS. KEACH TELLS HOW SHEGOT TO KNOW RAT-SNAP.""Have always feared rats. . Latelynoticed many on my farm. A neighbor said he just got rid of droveswith RAT-SNAP. This started me tothinking. Tried RAT-SNAP (myself.It killed 17 and scared the restaway." RAT-SNAP comes in threesizes, 25c, 50c, $1.00. Sold and guaranteed by The Farmer's Supply Co.(adv-sept)Tf.JjyUAWtTHE UNIVERSAL CARThe Ford Sedan isseats five comfortably.with permanent top, itmay in a minute beful open car withrtgrtliiau U1C dull, ill JUV.1C111GUL VYtUUlU 1L lO a.closed car, dust-proof, water-proof, cold-proof-Finelyupholstered. Equipped with electricstarting and lighting system and demountablerims with 3j-inch tires front and rear. A realfamily car. Won't you come in and look at it?fATE BANH"D .55Sm iBourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4 Weit Fifh Streetv.XCES335 3L zi r- -jThe Bourbon Laundr jrParis,BjgJgSJfglgggT!SPECIALDetroit Jewel Stoves, Rangesand FurnacesMr, S. E. Guinn, of the Detroit StoveWorks, is with us for a few days.Come in and let him explain to youthe remarkable performances of theJewel Pipeless Eurnace and Combination Coal and Gas Ranges.GET A J EW ELAND SAVE FUELT. W. SPICERH314 Main St.ifcg-gg552g-VlllAThe Home Telephone Your ServantFor Only a Few Cents Per DayLet us analyze his qualifications: He is polite, intelligent, willing,always on duty, day or night.He will instantly present to you the grocer, butcher, baker or any 61the trades-folks, or the doctor, fire department or police In emersaacj.He will go far beyond the confines of the town and bring to you Swamazingly short time a member of the family or one of your good procpective customers.He will summons the railroad, boat or theatre ticket In a few setonds.And as to wages, he will only cost you in residence from 6 to 8 c pday; in place of business from 10 to 12c per day.Paris Home Telephone & TelegraphCompany(Incorporated)J. J. Veatch, District Manager. W. H. Cannon, local Manager.Send That Next Job of Printing to ThoBourbon News. Best Work; Right Pricoethe favorite family car,"While an enclosed carhas large "windows, andchanged to a most delightalways a top protectingI he delights ot the electriccar with the economy of theFord.Ruggles Motor Co,16 Bank Row, Paris, Ky.i ;'iXIIXIXIXIXIatSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improvements in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we areKJ prepared to do work infe- J rior to none, and solicitm your patronage.Kentuckyisgrj'ssgsiEasggisggss'-issssags-a.nsiTa?SALEParis, KentuckyH 3al;i?,.t.imXIXiIXIXI-; -TUESDAY, SEITEMBER df 19i9 -PAGE EIGHTDHE BOUBBON NEWS, PABIS, KERTfrCKlvDEATHS.1 HINTON.After a long and serious illness,which he bore with Christian fortitude, Mr. C. Oakford Hinton, agedforty-five, died at an early hour Saturday morning at the home of his father-in-law,Mr. James McClure, onVine street.Mr. Hinton was the son of thelate Mr. and Mrs. "William M. Hinton,of Paris, his father having for almosta lifetime conducted a jewelry storein Paris, in the building now occupied by Mrs. George Ellis,, on Mainstreet. He received his early education in the schools of Paris, and at anearly age took a position in his father's store, where he remained formany years. When his father retired from active business life Mr. Hinton succeeded him. He took an active part in every movement ,that hadfqr its object the moral and materialwelfare of Paris. For a long time hewas general secretary of the Bourbon County Y. M. C. A, and alsoserved terms as a jmember of the CityBoard of Education. He was Superintendent of the Paris Baptist Sunday School for a long time beforehis illness came on. Mr. Hintonwent to Camp Taylor as a Y .M. C.A. secretary, and while there hiseyes became infected in some way,from which the disease which finallycaused his death resulted. In company with his brother, Prof. RobertHinton, then a member of the faculty of the Georgetown College, hewent to France as a Y M. C. Ahelper. .Upon his returji to Americahe grew worse, and gradually faileduntil the end came.Mr. Hinton is survived by hiswidow, who was fonmerly Miss AnnaBruce McClure, daughter of Mr. andMrs. James McClure, of Vine Street,and two daughters, Musses ElizabethMiller Hinton and Nell Winn Hinton; two sisters, Mrs. J. J. Taylor, ofVirginia, wife of a former pastor ofthe Paris Baptist church, and MissBertha Hinton, of Paris, and onebrother, Prof. Robert Hinton, ofGeorgetown.The funeral w be held at theresidence of Mr. James McClure at4:30 this afternoon, conducted byRev. R. C. Goldsmith, assisted byRev. F. W. Eberhardt.The following will be the pallbearers: E. T. Hinton, Albert Hinton, Wm. M. Goodloe, Catesby Spears,Coi liver Dawes, IT. A Power, D, S.Henry, Chas. White.noon, with services conducted byRev. Clyde Darsie, pastor of the Mt.Sterling Christian, church. The interment followed on the family lot inMachpelah Cemetery.j'NTHON.Following a long illness due tothe infirmities of age Mrs. LouiseAnthon, aged eighty-nine, died Sunday night at 7:40 o'clock at the homeof her son, Mr. Albert Anthon, inthis city. Mrs. Anthon had been infeeble health for several years.She is survived by four daughtersand two sons, all of whom were ather bedside when she passed away.One son, Mr. Albert Anthon, is a resident of Paris.The body will be taken to Vanceburg this morning for interment.The funeral services will be held inthat city this afternoon.WYATT.John D. Wyatt, for several yearseditor- of the Ewing Inquirer, andwell-known in newspaper circles,died in Lexington recently. He hadbeen in bad health for severalmonths. He leaves a widow and fivechildren. Mr. Wyatt for many yearspromoted excursions to NiagaraFalls, Mammoth Cave and otherpoints of interest. The body wastaken to Flemingsburg for interment. oMATRIMONIAL.SEMSS! THE GRAND OPERA HOUSE JVamsWednesday and Thursday, Sept. 10th and 11thVICTORY BELLES itMusical Comedy Co. PresentOver the TopA Up-to-the-Minute Musical Revue.Extra Added Attraction -The Over-Seas QuartettePretty Girls, Funny Comedians, Special Scenery.Pictures in Connection with the AboveWEDNESDAY99FANNY WARD sTbTi&r.Vp5hThe iale of a modern Belshazzer and his f eastings; of awoman's trustfulness and her penalty; a drama of the straightand narrow way leading to happiness and of the broad wayleading to destruction. An expose of the "double standard"of morality.THURSDAYMay Allison "In For Thirty Days"May Allison, the Charming young Metro Star, is a Southern girl who has attained international popularity on thescreen. Her latest triumph, "In For Thirty Days," is acomedy drama of brilliance and beauty which gives her fullscope for her versatile talents.Admission Adults 55c plus 5c war tax, 50c; Children and Gallery 22c plus 3c war tax, 25c.MAHONEY ROURKE.The marriage of Miss GenevieveMahaney, of Paris, and Mr. Geo. P.Rourke, of Terre Haute, Indiana,was soiemninzed in the Holy NameCathedral at Chicago, Rev. FatherBourget officiating, with the NuptialMass following.The bride is a handsqme youngwoman of many graces of character.She is the daughter of Mr. Dan M.iMahaney, and a sister of Mrs. John 'tf. iucuaruiy, doui oi ritn&. one ia a,graduate of Cardome Academy atGeorgetown, and is at present holding a responsible position in theRailroad Administration service atWashington. Mr. Rourke is a prosperous young business man of TerreHaute. Mrs. Rourke will remain inher clerical position at Washingtonuntil January, 1, 1920, the expiration of her term, and will then goto housekeeping in Terre Haute.RELIGIOUS.iBASHFORD.Mrs. Sallie E. Bashford, agedeighty-three, died at her residence onPleasant street at six o'clock SaturIay evening, following an illness ofseveral months' duration from uraemic poisoning and the infirmities ofage. She was stricken Wednesdaymorning, and lapsed into unconsciousness, from which she never rallied.. Mrs. Bashford was the widow ofJames Bashford, for many years"bookkeeper and confidential man forthe G. G. White Distilling. Co., inParis, who preceded her to the graveseveral years ago. Mrs. Bashford wasborn in Woodford county, and was adaughter of Mr. and Mrs. SamuelPinkerton, prominent residents ofthat county. She had five brothers,two of whom were ministers in theChristian church, one of thejm beingthe founder of the Midway OrphanSchool. Two other brothers wereprominent, one as a physician, andanother as a lawyer, while anotherwas a minister in the Episcopalchurch. She was the only daughterof the family. Mrs Bashford leavesone son, Mr. Charles Bashford, ofDavenport, Iowa.The funeral was held yesterdaymorning at ten o'clock, with servicesconducted at the grave in the ParisCemetery by Rev. W. E. Ellis. The- pall-bearers were Fred Link, Dr. J. T.Vansant, Jos. W. Davis, E. K. ThomTas, William Myall and H. ClayHoward.m CHEEK.Mr. Nicholas Travera Cheek, aged seventy-seven, a former resident ofParis, died at his home in Lexington,Friday, after an illness extendingover a period of four months.Mr. Cheek was the son of LewisCheek, and was born near Springfield, Ky. His boyhood was spent asa resident of Paris. He moved toLexington fifty years ago, and hadsince lived there continuously. He. was prominently connected with theracing and breeding industries, andyears ago his colors were conspicuous-on the racing circuits. Mr.Cheek is survived by his widow, Mrs.Katherine Tillow Cheek, and twoV daughters, Mrs. S. E. Booth, of Detroit, Mich., and Mrs. Kenner Walker, of Lexington.Funeral services were held in thechapel at the undertaking establishment of W. R- Milward, in Lexington, Saturday afternoon at fiveo'clock. The body was brought toParis, Sunday afternoon, and interred on the family lot in the ParisCemetery, where short services wereconducted by Bishop Louis W. Bur--ton.HOFFMAN.Albert Hoffjman, aged seventytwo, a prominent insurance man ofMt. 'Sterling, well-known in this city,' died at his home in Mt. Sterling,Saturday, after a long illness. Mr.Hoffman was until a few years agoactively engaged in the insurancebusiness, and was widely knownthroughout the State in business circles. He is survived by his widow,Mrs. Laura Gill Hoffman, one daughter, Mrs. Robert Coleman, and twosons Harry G. Hoffman and J. MillerHoffman, all of Mt. Sterling. Thefuneral was held at the family residence, at four o'clock, Sunday after-Rev. R. S. Sanders, formerly ofMillersburg, will preach at the Presbyterian Church next Sunday.With the closing of the union services being held in the Paris churches the different congregations havehave resumed holding services intheir own houses of worship.The Ebenezer Presbytery will convene at the Presbyterian church, inElizaville, on September 16. Theopening sermon will be preached byRev. S. B. Lander, pastor of thePresbyterian church at Carlisle.At a meeting of the PresbyterianChurch Endeavor Society, called bythe president, Mrs. W. B. Griffith,Miss Alice Heller was elected treasurer to succeed Mrs. Leslie O'Neill,resigned. Plans for creating renewed interest in the work of the societyfor the winter were discussed.COUNTY SCHOOLS OPEN.The county schools opened yesterday for the fall and winter term of1919-1920, with a full corps of teachers and a good attendance of pupilsat each school. The following teachers began their duties in the schoolsyesterday: Miss Frankie Crouch atthe Burris school; fiss ElizabethClayton, of . Lexington, at the Ford'sMill school; Miss Sallie Squires, ofParis, at the Letton school, and MissHelen Purdy, at the Purdy school.The County Teachers' Institute forthe teachers of the white schools ofthe county began at the Y. M. C. A.yesterday and will continue throughuntil Friday. The sessions are being presided over by Prof. CharlesA. Keith, of the Eastern KentuckyNormal School at Richmond, as instructor. Miss Mattie Dalton, ofLexington, will address the teachersat the meeting on next Thursday inthe interest of the illiteracy campaign in the State. Parents andschool trustees are invited to hearthis address. The session of the Institute are being held in the gymnasium.ALAMOAFTERNOON, 2:00-5:30GRANDEVENING, 7:00-10:30ADMISSIONAdults 18c, war tax 2c 20cChildren and Gallery9c plus lc war tax 10cALAMO and GRANDToday, TuesdayBryant WashburnIN"PUTTING IT OVER"ALSOANTONIO MORENO ANDCAROL HOLLOWAY in'Perils of Thunder Mountain'and Harold Lloyd ComedyJust Neighbors'Alamo Afternoon and NightTomorrow, WednesdayD. W. GRIFFITHPresents'True Heart Susie'Another great romance by thefamed creator of "Hearts of theWorld and "Birth of a Nation"Also LARRY SEMON COMEDY"His Simple Life"and Bray PictographAlamo Afternoon and NightThursday, Sept. 11thAnita StewartinThe Painted WorldAlso Vod-a-Vil MoviesLadies' DayTwo ladies will be admitted for oneticket plus 2c war tax on Thursdays.BIRTHS.BAHEOW UNIT MEN ATTENDCLUB BANQUET.At the home of her parents, Mr.and airs. C. M. Redmon, neaf Paris,to the wife of Mr. Clyde Calvert, ofTulsa, Oklahoma, a son, their firstborn.Mr. and Mrs. Root. G. Jones, ofNorth Middletown, are welcoming adaughter, born at the Good Samaritan Hospital, in Lexington. Theyoung lady is a granddaughter ofMrs. Edward Andrews, of Lexington,Mrs. Jones having been before hermarriage Miss Elizabeth Andrews, ofLexington. The babe has been named Elizabeth Andrews Jones.More than seventy-five former(members of Base Hospital Unit No.40, familiarly known as "The Barrow Unit," gathered Friday in theball room of the Phoenix Hotel, atLexington, for the second banquetand round table meeting since the organization of the Barrow Club morethan a month ago.John Marsh, Marshall Dale andCarey Shipley were chosen as a committee to locate headquarters for -theclub and were instructed to completetheir work as rapidly as possible thatthe reorganization might be housedpermanently. The meeting was presided over by Reed Wilson, who waselected president of the organization Jat a meeting held early in July.Former commissioned officers of theorganization were unanimously askedto join the club, and members wereinstructed to see that the invitationis extended to 'them.Short talks regarding the clubwere made following the banquet byReed, Wilson, Richard Punch, Gordon Hunt, Harrison Scott, and AlvinThompson, of Paris.INTERESTING OIL NOTES !;Don F. Schlosser and others, of Columbus, Ohio, are preparing to cleanout the five wells in Bath county recently purchased from a New Yorkcompany. Mr. Schlosser is a son-in-lawof Mrs. Mayme Parker, of Paris,his wife having formerly been MissLizzette Parker.50UBB0N PEOPLE INTERESTEDPARTIES IN "HOSS TRADE"The sale of a "cream-colored walking mare, about 7 years old," is thecause' of a suit for damages filed withthe Fayette Cicrcuit Clerk, in Lexington. John Marr and J. O. Ralls,of Bourbon county, ask in their petition against A. Hunley, of Boylecounty, for $200 and interest fromFebruary, 1915.According to the petition, theplaintiffs entered into a contract inthe middle of January to purchasethe mare in question from Hunley,paying $500 for the animal. On account of bad weather, they allege,the mare was not delivered at Lexington, the agreed point, for a week,during which time the animal's eyesbecajme affected.They protested to Hunley, who, after they had visited him at his homenear Danville, agreed to take themare back and pay them $300, and ifa cure was effected, to either returnthe animal for the $300, or pay theplaintiffs. $200 as they should elect.They chose the $200 later on, whenHunley reported the mare cured, butthey aver that Hunley refused themthe money.The sum of $200 and interest fromthe date of the contract is asked ofthe court.Robert C. Talbott, of Paris, is attorney for the plaintiffs" -BOURBON HORSES FIGURE INSPORTING NEWS.Bonnie Tess, the fine six-year-oldmare recently purchased by Mr. S.Kenny Nichols, of Paris, will beturned over to .Jack Baker to be campaigned on the Kentucky circuit.Baker also has another of - Mr.Nichols' string, the $10,000 VivaAmerica, purchased some time ago.It has developed that A. B. Hancock's famous sire, Celt, which diedrecently, was insured for $40,000.He was valued at $100,000, havingsired some of the leading 2-year-oldsof this season.The famous three-year-old Eternal,winner of the Brooklyn Handicap,and the winter favorite for the Kentucky Derby of last spring, has beenretired for the year, and is now atXalapa farm, Bourbon county.In the Lexington Cup Handicap,which will be run at the Lexingtontrack next week, Mr. John T. Irelandhas entered Dark Hill, brown gelding (3) by Fowling Piece PitchDark. There were twenty-seven entries. The following Bourbon countyhorses have been declared eligible toentry for competition in America'srichest race, the $50,000 LatoniaChampionship, which will be run atthe Latonia track, on Saturday, Oct.11: Charlton Alexander's brown,colt, Cockroach, by Magneto LadyLevity; Wm. H. Whaley's chestnutcolt, Dr. Dailey, by Magneto EvelynKinsley; Edward Simm's brown colt,Eternal, by Sweep Hazel Burke;Edward Prichard's brown filly, Loving Lady, by Vulcain Plantress,chestnut colt, Magnet Land, by Magneto Breezyland; J. Hal Woodford'sbrown gelding, Sway, by VulcanHuby Right, brown gelding, HurryUp, by McGee Babble.School ShoesFor Boys and GirlsAn enormous purchaseof Shoes for spot cash atprices almost unbelievable in the face of today11 imgn market.Wear-Resisting Stylish Shoes at Prices FarLess Than They Can Be MadeDON'T MISS THIS OPPORTUNITY. Have the children properly shodfor school with a pair of these good looking and serviceable shoes. Seethem and compare prices.lffo'o?st.Tan.En.g-.$4.00 and $3.49Misses' Gun Metal English Boots djo jqMisses' and Children's Gun Metal (o jaBoots at yL.'ttBoys' Dark Tan Eng- dr aa jm inHsh shoes at $5.0U and $3.49..$4.00..$1.99Boys' Gun Metal English ShoesatBoys' Gun Metal Lace ShoesatYTpssz rcrr;! fr! jiN' If : Ir A WALKfengp iaovELargest Selection ofBeautiful, StylishFallFootwearWalk-Over and OtherFamous Makes, ats Lowest Prices!DAN COHENWhere Beauty and Economy ReignParis' Greatest Shoe StoreJfc-W..&