H--ra-V. -f 1, -.V- --4THE BOURBON NEWSrf-fIPiFfE".rp-7-. -- SflfTSl' 7T.PUBLISHED EVERY, TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR."OCTVOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1919, ' ult'UOTED CAMPAIGNERS TO SPEAK jIN BOTJBBON.There hasn't been much enthusiasm stirred up in the coming campaign for State offices among theDemocratic voters of the county asyet, but the visit of two noted campaigners here soon is expected tobring some life and pep into the boysin the trenches.On Monday, October 6, (court day)Hon- J. Campbell Cantrill, Congressman from the Seventh CongressionalDistrict, is booked for a speech' atthe court house, at two o'clock inthe afternoon. Mr. Cantrill, as almost everyone, in the Blue Grass region knows, is one of the most entertaining and forceful speakers in thecountry, and what he will have tosay Monday will be something worthlistening to.On "Wednesday night, October 8,Hon. Frank Daugherty, the Democratic nominee for Attorney-General,will address the voters at the courthouse, at 7:30 o'clock. Mr. Daugherty's fame as a political orator isnot confined to any one locality, andthose who go to hear him will heargood, old-time Democratic doctrinesexpounded with all the forcefulnessthat an eloquent campaigner cangive them.AT THE PARIS GRAND AND THEALAMO THEATRE.To-day, Frday, October 3 ElsieFerguson, in "A Society Exile;" Anne Luther and Charles Hutchison, in"The Great Gamble."At the Alamo Afternoon, and TheParis Grand, Saturday Night Thegreat Nazimova, in "Out Of TheFog." At the Alamo SaturdayNight Anita Stewart, in "Shadowsof the Past."Monday, October 6 William Far--num,in "The Redemption of DavidCorson;" Mack Sennett Comedy, "NoMother To Guide Him;" BurtonHolmes Travel Pictures.'?REGISTER!.If you want to vote in Novemberyou must register Tuesday, October7, in your voting precinct.Polls for registration will be openthat day from 6 a. m.'to 9 p. m. Allqualified voters must register, alsoyoung men who will be of age at thetime of the November election, November 4th. .You -have no right to complainabout mismanagement of city orState affairs if you neglect to doyour duty as a citizen.KRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSFALLSHOWINGOFCOATS .SUITSDRESSESSKIRTSWAISTSFRANKLADIES' OUTFITTERSAutomobilePOLICE SPOIL PLANS OF YOUTHFUL ELOPERS.Patrolman Root. Lusk received amessage Monday evening from FrankConner, of Lexington, stating thatVera Conner, his daughter, who isonly fourteen years old, had elopedto Paris with B. F. Underwood, whois eighteen with the intention of getting married, and asked him to intercept them.Going to the office of County ClerkPearce Paton, Patrolman Lusk foundthe young couple. Clerk Paton toldthe officer that the couple had eachpresented what purported to be awritten consent of their parents tothe marriage. He had filled out thelicense and was preparing to handit over to them when PatrolmanLusk took the young people incharge and notified Miss Conner'sfather, who came to Paris shortly after six o'clock and took his daughter back to Lexington to resume herstudies in school.Young Underwood, the would-be-groom,is the son of Mr. and Mrs.T. J. Underwood, of Lexington. Hewas accompanied by his seventeen-year-oldsister, who declared thatshe chaperoned the couple to Parisbecause she had eloped two yearsago and had been married in Paris.oGAS AND ELECTRIC BILLS MUSTBE PAID BEFORE 10THThe last day to get discount ongan and electric bills is the 10th ofthe month. All bills must be paidon or before that day if the discountis to be expected. Owing to theshortage of help and the advancedcost of same, we will be unable tohave our collector call more thanonce, so please govern yourself accordingly. Our instructions fromheadquarters.are to cut off all serviceof patrons whose accounts are notpaid before the 20th.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO., Inc.HERE'S RIFT IN PROHIBITIONCLOUD.Acting it is said, on one of Broadway's famous "rumors" that withina week President Wilson would castwar-time prohibition into the discard by proclaiming demobilizationcomplete, New York liquor dealersbegan "stocking up" for a brief"wet" period .until next January.With huge quantities of bondedwhisky arriving from Kentucky, restaurants and saloons began enrollingbartenders and waiters previously"laid off."- .& CO.DeliveryFATHER SECURES -ALLEGED KIDNAPPED CHILDThrough Chief of Police Link, ofthe Paris police force, the nine-year-oldchild of F H. Cook, travelingsalesman of Lexington, was restoredto him at the Tenth street passengerstation of the Louisville & Nashville,in this city. Cook stated that thechild had been kidnapped by his divorced wife, from his home in Lexington. Cook told Chief Link that he hadbeen married twice. His first wifedied several years ago. Of this unionthere was born a daughter, now inher ninth year. Some time ago Cookmarried again, his second wife beinga resident of Lackawanna, Pennsylvania. Domestic troubles arising tomar their married felicity they separated, the wife returning to herPennsylvania home. Court proceedings brought a divorce decree.The second Mrs. Cook returned toLexington a few days ago, and, according to Cook, visited his home, inhis absence and secured the littlegirl. An investigation developedthe fact that she had puchased tickets via the Louisville & Nashvillefrom Lexington to her home in Pennsylvania. Cook informed Chief Linkby a long distance phone message ofthe alleged abduction.Link located the woman and childat the Tenth street passenger station. Cook arrived in Paris shortlybefore the arrival of the train, and acompromise was effected by whichthe child was restored to her father,the woman agreeing not to molesther again and not to return to Lexington. Cook returned to Lexingtontaking the child with him, while thestepmother proceeded alone to herhome in Pennsylvania.oFORMER PARIS BOY GIVEN RESPONSIBLE REVENUEPOSITION.Mr. Charles B. McCarthy, formerlyof Paris, who has been acting cashierin the Lexington office of the Seventh Internal Revenue district sincethe consolidation on August 1, hasbeen appointed to the Collectorshipof the Ashland zone. Mr. McCarthyassumed the duties of his office Wednesday. Mr. McCarthy began work in- theLexington office last spring as abookkeeper. When all the revenueoffices in Kentucky were consolidatedin Louisville under the consolidationplan going into effect on August 1,he became acting cashier in the Lexington-office in place of Cashier M.R. Fox, who was sent to the Xbulfcville office. Mr. McCarthy will beknown as Division Chief of the Ashland Revenue Division. Besides securing this nice gift Mr. McCarthycame into another choice possessionTuesday morning when he was united in marriage to Miss Marie Kane,of Lexington.oPAY YOUR BETS ,On the result of the game with aStetson Hat. Many novel styles tochoose from ?7.J. W. DAVIS & CO.10TO DEDICATE NEW HOME.Aregular meeting of the membersof Ben Ali Temple No. 209, Dramatic Order Knights Korassan, washeld Saturday night, in Lexington,and it was decided to dedicate thenew Pythian building, at the site ofthe old Leader building on NorthUpper street, .with a big ceremonialduring Christmas week. The orderhas several members from Paris andBourbon county.The exact day has not been determined, but the work of remodelingthe building will be finished by theweek of 'Christmas and plans will beperfected for the dedication duringthat week.WILL BE CLOSED SATURDAY;WILL OPEN AT 5:30.Our store will be closed to-morrow(Saturday) on account of JewishHoliday. Will open at 5:30 in evening for business. Come and see us.TWIN BROS.' CLOTHING STORE.(It) L. Wollstein, Prop.oAPPELLATE COURT ORDERSIn the Appellate Court at Frankfort Tuesday, the Court entered thefollowing orders, of interest to Bourbon county people:Clay, etc., vs. Thomas, etc., Clark.Appellees Carrie H. Thomas, Irma T.Thomas and Ethel Rounsavall, filed averified answer herein.Clay vs. Thomas, Clerk; appelleefiled affidavit of Dennie Duncan, Jas.McClure and -Mary T. Ireland, andRoger T. Moore, in support of themotion to dismiss, and also the affidavits of T. E. Moore, Jr., and Wm.Estill Moore, and further filed briefon motion to strike the affidavits filedby the appellee from the record andappellee given until next Friday tofile counter affidavits.oAUTO IS MISSING.Mr. J. A. Wagoner, of Paris, ismourning the loss of his Ford machine, which was stolen Wednesdayfrom where it was parked, at thecorner of Main and Ninth streets.The machine bore the license tag nuber 15568, and the motor numberwos 2277769. The police were notified by Mr. Wagner, and are makinga search for the machine and its pur-loinej;. ' tREAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSO. B. Herrin and C. W. Crouchsold to W. H. Gilvin a house and lot,with store room attached, located atBunker Hill, near Little Rock, for$3,500.Mr. George W. Bramblette sold hisfarm of sixty-two acres, locatednear Millersburg, and known as theClarence Miller farm, to Mr. FrankBarnes, for $300 an acre. The purchaser will be given possession inMarch.Mr. Wm. L. Stewart, of near NorthMiddletown, sold his home and fiveacres of land, located at Seamod'sMill, in this county, to Mr, Lisle, ofClark county, for $5,000. The purchaser gets immediate possession,and will move to the property.Through the Walter Clark RealtyCo., of Paris, Mrs. Camilla Wilson,formerly of this city, now residing inCalifornia, sold to Mrs..H. D. Campbell, the two-story brick residence atthe corner of High and Ninthstreets, occupied by Mrs. Ruby Arnsparger, for $9,000. Mrs. Campbellwill move to the home this month.' Through the Paris Realty Co., Mr.Lewis T. Lilleston sold to Mr, Edward Stump a two-story frame residence on Mt. Airy avenue. Possession will be given about November1. Mr. Stump will move to theproperty. Mr. and Mrs. Lillestonwill move into the Dr. Wilkersonproperty on Houston avenue, whichthey purchased last winter from Mrs.Jas. H. Haggard.Auctioneer George D. Speakes, ofthe real estate firm of Harris &Speakes, of Paris, conducted the saleTuesday morning of sixty, acres ofthe R. D. Hunter farm, near Winchester, for the firm of Henry &Fleenor, of Winchester. AndrewDykes, an adjoining landowner, purchased the tract at $302.50 an acre.Mr. J. M. Estes, owner of the farm,refused to confirm the sale of therest of the farm, which was bid forat $375 an acre.The fifty-one acre farm belongingto the Henry Patterson estate, located on the Cynthiana and Millersburg pike, and advertised in severalifesues of THE NEWS, was sold atp"ublic auction Wednesday by Auctioneer Renaker, of Cynthiana. Mr.Frank Caldwell was the purchaser at $495 an acre. Mr. Patterson bought the farm in 1894 for $60an acre. Thep.lace is well improved.Read- the public sale advertisements in this issue of THE NEWS.Several very desirable pieces of realestate, town property, farms, etc.,are to be disposed of at public auction to the highest bidder. Theseplaces are all well- lopated and willmake fine money values. Look overthe advertisements then decide whichplace you want, and attend the sale.The advertisers pick THE NEWS as ameans of getting the most publicity.THE HINTON FARM' LAND ATAUCTION, TUESDAY, OCT. 7The beautiful Gilt Edge StockFarm, . comprising 547 ' acres,near Paris, will be offered at auction in 11 tracts on .October 7. A 25footdeeded road from the Paris andNorth Middletown pike back to theresidence is provided in the sale arrangements. These close in tracts ofland should attract doyens of farmbuyers. Read the advertisement onanother page. For particulars, apply toHARRIS & SPEAKES. Agents.(oct-3-2t) Paris, Ky.Y. M. C. A. NOTESAt the special meeting of theBoard of Directors of the Y. M. C.A., Monday night, Mr. C. A. Tevebaugh, Associate State Secretary, explained the plan for the comingSouth-wide financial campaign to beheld October 20-30.Mr. Tevebaugh stated that it wasthe plan to include the money for thesupervisory work of the Internationaland State Committees, improvementsat Camp Daniel Boone and the localbudget in one campaign.Mr. Tevebaugh urged every onepresent to attend the John R. MottLuncheon at Louisville, on October2nd. 'Dr. Mott, the visitor said, is theoutstanding world layman and bringsa message of the world condition today as no other man can.The , following persons from Bourbon County attended the John R.Mott Luncheon at the Seelbach, inLouisville, on Thursday, October 2:Chares B. Harrison, Secretary Y.M. C. A., Mr. H. A. Power, Mr. J. T.Tucker, Mr. C. C. Green; Mr. ErnestDarnaby, Clintonville; Rev. B. F.Adams, Rev. Van Winkle, Mr. M. E.Pruitt, Millersburg.TUESDAY REGISTRATION DAYIt is very important that all cityvoters should register at their votingbooths on Tuesday, Oct. 7. Pollsopen from six a, m. to nine p. m. Ifyou ,don't register you will be cutout from voting, jBOURBON FISCAL COURTThe October term of the BourbonFiscal Court convened in the CountyCourt room Wednesday morning,with Judge George Batterton presiding and a full board of Justices present. Claims against the county amounting to the sum of. $954.77, were allowed and ordered paid. In the contest for appointment as County Livestock Inspector, the vote of the Justices was a tie for Dr. A. B. Plummer, of Millersburg, and Dr. C. E.Wood, of Paris. Judge Battertonhaving the deciding vote, cast it infavor of Dr. Plummer, who was declared elected to the position.- The Court authorized CountyTreasurer S. E. Bedford to borrowthe sum of $15,000 for the use of theTurnpike Fund, and $5,000 for theuse of the General FundCounty Road Engineer Ben F.Bedford submitted his report for themonth of September, which was received and ordered filed.The committee appointed to auditthe accounts of County Superintendent of Schools J. B. Caywood, foundthem correct, with a balance in thetreasury of $1,019.95. The receiptswere $27,492.83, and expenditures$26,472.88. The teachers salariesfund showed total receipts of $22,892.14, with expenditures thesame.The election for physicians to takecare of the pauper practice in eachmagisterial district of the county, resulted as follows:Paris Drs. A. H. Keller, F. M.Faries and Avonia Kiser, $500, divided equally.Millersburg Drs. Calhoun, Smith,Dailey and Boxley, $200.Little Rock Drs. McClure andMcClure, $100.North Middletown Drs. Cook,and Henry, $100.Clintonville Dr. W. C. Worthington, $100.Hutchison Dr. William Kenney,$100.Centerville Dr. Elmer Swetnam.Ruddles Mill Dr. H. B. Anderson.County Infirmary Dr. G. R. Rankin. ' Joseph Godman was re-electedKeeper of the County Infirmary.THE HINTON FARM LANDATAUCTION, TUESDAY, 0CT.-7. "The beautiful Gilt Edge StockFarm, comprising 547" acres,near Paris, will be offered at auction in 11 tracts on .October 7. A 25foot deeded road frojjn tfie PifriJuiclNorth Middletown ike"1)aks to t&eresidence is provided in the sale arrangements. These close in tracts ofland should attract dozens of farmbuyers. Read the advertisement onanother page. For particulars, apply toHARRIS & SPEAKES, Agents.(oct-3-2t) Paris, Ky.WE KNOW HWIn Presenting Our ClothesFor this Season We HaveReason For CongratulationsWere there any better clothesanywhere we would have them.But, truly, no better lines aremade as yet. Because hereare garments more exalted inpurpose, more refined in fabrics,more accentuated in style, moreexcelling and compelling in manyways than we have thought possible. ForInstanceYou have only to get a glimpseof our stunning two-button,double-breasted suits to realizethat you have the last word in. FabricFashionand FitThey will wear well, too ourword for it. - fMITCHELL & BLAKEMQREStetson Hats Nettleton ShoesManhattan Shirts Dr. Reed's Cushion Sole SluesCINCINNATI REDS WIN FERSTGAME IN WORLD'S SERIES.The Cincinnati Reds, .Wednesdayafternoon defeated the ChicagoWhite Sox In the first game of theWorld's Series at Cincinnati by thescore 9 to 1. Cicotte, Chicago's crackpitcher, was knocked out of the boxin the fourth inning when the Redsscored 5 runs. Wilkinson finishedthe game. Ruether pitched for Cincinnati. Chicago made 1 run. 6 hits-and 1 error. Cincinnati made 9runs, 14 hits and 1 error. The biggest crowd m the history of Cincmnait baseball witnessed the game.Another record-breaking: crowdgathered at League Park yesterdayafternoon, and saw the Reds carry offtne second game of the world's seriesby a score of 4 to 2. .The Cincinnatiteam came up with a total of fourhits, while the White Sox with, atotal of ten hits off Sallee's delivery.were still unable to briner home avictory. The White Sox were credited with one error, and the Redswith two. The opposing batteriestor tne second game were Sallee andRaridan, for Cincinnati, Williamsand Schalk for the White Sox. Cincinnati rooters went wild with) enthusiasm when the final play wasmade, and early reports stated thatthe Redland field was the scene ofone of the most remarkable demonstrations in the history of baseball,as old and young, men and women,cheered themselves hoarse for PatMoran's warriors and the doughtyPat himself.GAS COMPANY ORDERED TO LOWER STREET MAINS.Pleasant street is being plowed upto a depth of several inches, preparatory to the work of. putting in aconcrete street. During the progressof the work it was found that thestreet mains of the Paris Gas & Electric Co. were so close to the surfacethat in two instances they were uncovered and broken.Upon learning of this the StreetImprovement Committee of the ParisCity Council instructed Mr. C. L.Steenbergen, Superintendent of thecompany, to lower the street mainsto a greater depth than at present,which work is now under way.KISER CASE CONTINUEDIn the Fayette Circuit Court, Wednesday, the case of W. G. Kiser, sonof Wat Kiser, of this county, charged with the murder of Dillard Tabor,at Russell Cave, last winter, waspassed until the next term of Court.The motion to continue the case wasmade by the Commonwealth's Attorney, who stated that as no new evidence had been discovered, it was notlikely he could get a conviction atpresent.-vr,s"V' -1THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY?tFRIDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1919FAGE TWOt!-1MY HEAD!When thehead feelsthick oraches, whenone feels allout-of-sortsperhaps acoatedtongue itis the signalthat poisonsare accumulating in thesystem, andshould becleaned outat once.Auto-intoxication can be bestascribed to our own neglect orcarelessness. When the organs failin the discharge of their duties,the putrefactive germs set in andgenerate toxins actual poisons,- which fill one's own bodySleepiness after meals, flushingof the face, extreme lassitude, biliousness, dizziness, sick headache,acidity of the stomach, heartburn,offensive breath, anemia, loss ofweight and muscular power, decrease of vitality or lowering ofresistance to infectious diseases,disturbance of the eye, dyspepsia,indigestion, gastritis, many formsof catarrh, asthma, ear affectionsand allied ailments result fromauto-intoxication or self-poisoning.Take castor oil, or procure atthe drug store, a pleasant vegetable laxative, called Dr. Pierce'sIPleasant Pellets, composed ofMay-apple, aloes and jaiap,One reason why we wish figures-sometimes lied is because preent-daystyles make them reveal embarrassing truths.oThe hand of a normal-sized human"being contains 25,000 pores.brighter;EVENINGSNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, -or makes life moreworth living, than a weir illumi-jiated house.UseSlectricityTor OdbtingIt's the only satisfactory way.use jasfor Beating and CookingIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix Yon UpFor the Use of BothElectricity and Gas.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)Solves ywrkating Problemv DREPARE now for nextwinter's heating with a"Williamson Pipeless ?u"rnace. Its single register: sends glowing warmth allt through your house. Itz, ,sayes the bother of stoves.. or -grates, burns hardL or" aJ. oftcQal. coke or wood? k?wHundreds .of faxm homei found e .-The 'WILLIAMSON-.r PIPELESS FURNACEcJr. Y -' blessing last win teiv It is easily-Installed without tearing up floorsaad walls for pipes and flues. It ?. goes, iato the cellar but does noti heat it. 'Come in and' see this' fubsUntal, -well-built furaaccv- Itvs a fuel and labor- saver. .A. S. Best & Co., Agts.Milltrsburg, ky.Both Phonts 33EERE AND ACCIDENT PREVEN-;TION DAY, THURSDAY, OCTO- "BEE 9, 1919.The Honorable James D. Black,Governor of Kentucky, in a proclamation, has designated the ninth dayof October, 1919, as Fire and Accident Prevention Day throughout theCommonwealth of Kentucky. In order to co-operate in this good workto the fullest extent, we request andurge that the mayors and officials ofour cities, town and villages'throughout the State also issue aproclamation for a general clean-upand fire prevention day on Thursday, October 9th.We appeal to all civic bodies, suchas Boards of Trade, Chambers ofCommerce, Copimittees on Fire Prevention, Women's Clubs, Housewives, Boy and Girl Scout Organizations, Superintendents, principalsand teachers of public, private andparochial schools, fire chiefs andmembers of their departments toeach put forth his best effort on thatday for the prevention of fires anddiseases in the Commonwealth ofKentucky.We ask the Mayor or Chairman ofthe Board of Council of each cityand town throughout the Commonwealth of Kentucky that they request the jministers of the gospel ofall denominations in their towns tocall the attention of their congregations, from their pulpits, to the importance of this "Clean Up" day, attheir meetings Sunday preceding theFire and Accident Prevention Day,and to urge their co-operation withthe city and State authorities inthis work. Let us all unite in thiseffort to make Kentucky Are, accident and disease proof.T. B. PANNELL,State Fire Marshal.oAnother reason why a man is aman is because he loses interest infacts when they don't bear out hiscontentions.oLondon gets a shower of soot to theextent of four and a half pounds anacre every day.Birds of prey are not endowedwith the gift of song.An OrdinancePROVIDING !F0It RESURFACING. MAIN STREET, BETWEENSIXTH AND SEVENTH STREETSIN THE CITY OE PARIS, KY.CITY HALL, PARIS, KY.,September 25, 1919.BE IT ORDAINED, by the Mayorand Board of Council of the City ofParis, that, sWHEREAS,, L. W. Johnson on the17th day of July, 1914, entered intoa contract with the City of Paris bywhich he undertook and bound himself to resurface with bitulithic paving Main Street from Tenth to BankRow, and to (maintain the same for aperiod of five years from the completion and acceptance of same free ofall defects occurring therein by reason of defective workman-ship andmaterial, and,WHERAS, within said period offive years from the completion andacceptance of said street many defects appeared in that portion of saidstreet lying between Sixth and Seventh Streets in the City of Paris,(and,WHEREAS, said L. W. Johnsonand his surety, The Aetna Accidentand Liability Company were notifiedin writing within said period of fiveyears of such defects, and,WHEREAS, said L. W. Johnsonand his surety, The Aetna Accident& Liability Company have failed andrefused to put said street in properrepair because of such defectiveworkmanship and material, and,WHEREAS, it has become necessary to resurface said portion of saidstreetNOW. THEREFORE BE IT ORDAINED, that said street be resur-faced with bitulithic of the samekind and character of material withwhich said L. W. Johnson under -took and bound himself to resurfacesaid street.(2) BE IT FURTHER ORDAINED,that the City Engineer be and he isHereby instructed to prepare plansand specifications for said work andfile a copy of same in the office of theuierK or tne .Board of Council.(3) BE IT FURTHER ORDAINED,that said work be let to the lowestand best bidder and the Clerk is di-rected to advertise for bids for twoconsecutive weeks in the official publications of the City of Paris.(4) The Mayor is directed to re-jceive bids for said work in openCouncil at eight o'clock p. m., onThursday, October 9, 1919.(5) Each bidder shall be requiredto make his bid upon blanks to befnmiRhprf Tw rh n?Tr tn,KrfnAAi. or.furnished by the City Engineer andshall accompany his bid with a certified check for a sum equal to 5 ofthe total amount of his bid. Thechecks of the unsuccessful bidderswill be returned immediately afterthe letting and the check of the successful bidder siall be retained untilsuch, bidder has entered into a written contract for the faithful performance of his contract, according to theplans and specifications and executed a bond with good and approvedsecurity guaranteeing such performance .at which time his check will bereturned' Upon his failure to execute sucC" contract and bond the sumso deposit. "d shall be retained by thecity as liqtfkated damages. All suchchecks' stiff e made Payable to theorder of W. $' Iitcliell city Treasurer.This ordinandi? , sha11 take effectfrom and -after its nassaSe an4 Publication' as required' b. vt1SS-Dir- Mayor.Attest: ...aEwIS GENUINEPrescribed By Physicians For Over18 Years.The "Bayer Cross" marked on tablets means you are getting the genuine "Bayer Tablets of Aspirin,"proved safe by millions of people.In the Bayer package are properdirections for Colds, Headache,Toothache, Earache, Neuralgia,Rheumatism, Lumbago, Sciatica,Neuritis and for Pain generally.Handy tin boxes of 12 tablets costonly a few cents. Druggists alsosell larger Bayer packages. Aspirinis the trade mark of Bayer Manufacture of Monoaceticacidester ofCalicylicacid. (adv)oWould Elevate Business.The barbers of Osaka, Japan, whonumber 4,500, have approached localauthorities with a proposal to establish a training school for the knightsof the razor. It has been complainedthat "many barbers in Osaka havenot that elementary knowledge ofsurgery absolutely necessary for theirvocation," and the better qualified wishto compel all intending to enter thisprofession to pass final examinationsat the special school.WHERE THRE'S A BABY ON THEFARM KEEP RAT-SNAPRats are on most farms. Oncethey get inside the house look out.Rats kill infants biting them is notunusual. Nursing bottles attractrats. Break a cake of RAT-SNAPand throwit around. It will surelyrid you of rats and mice. Threesizes, 25c, 50c, ?1.00. Sold andguaranteed by the Farmers' SupplyCompany.(oct-adv)FOR SALEHigh Grade Tobacco FarmsLimestone Farms that crow the highest duality of tobacco on Stone Pike?, within 10 miles ofLomsville at prices ranging from ?7o.00 to 1150.00per acre. This land jfrows from 1500 to 2300pounds of Light Burley tobacco to the- acre. Ourcrops invariably brinj the highest prices on theLouisville market. During: the past year we havesold practically a million dollars 'worth of farmproperty to Kentuckians and no sale was evermade by tis where the purchaser sold at a loss oreven for the price paid.Come to Jeffertonville and let us show you whatwc have. You w ill be under no obligation.Voight Insurance & Realty Co.Jeffersonville. Ind.Phone 18 - Voight Bldg.(oct3-4t)Room For RentNicely-furnished front room inApartment 1, third floor of the Robneel building, at corner of Main andEighth streets. Steam-heat andbath. Business man preferred.MRS. J. T. CLARK.(30-tf)Auction Sale ofHousehold Goods.I A- nice lot of huosehold goods and' kitchen furniture at auction on the: Public square Monday, October 6, at;11 a- m- Furniture, Carpets, Rugs,! Dislies, Stoves, etc. This will be anopportunity for bargains in house-'hold Soods (2t-pd)I h-.h- mi . iTires For SaleOne set of Ford tires, and innerj tubes, cheap for cash. Can be seenJ-at this office,iCensus Clerks WantedCensus Clerks, (men, women) 4,-000 needed. $95 month. Age 18 to1 50. Exeperience unnecessary. Exjaminations at Paris, Oct. 18. ForVrmer Government BinPrrSS' (former fcrovernmeni .fcixammer) 945Equity BuildingWashington.(23-tf)Truck and Cars ForHireServiceable truck and cars for .hireat reasonable rates. Taxicab serviceday and night.S. R. HUDNALL,Both Phones. At Ruggles Garage.Aawleigh's All Medicine Hog MixtureQuality First; Results Assured.Try 100 pounds. Money refunded' ifnot satisfied. Cost one-fifth of a cent.per average dose.MBAYERKNffi ASPIRINLostOne pair Slack Blocks, in Shawhan neighborhood. Reasonable reward if returned toPARIS HOME TELEPHONE CO.(30-tf)Steinway Pianos.Mr. H. C. McKim, of Cincinnati,representing the Steinway, is inParis, stopping at the Y.' M. C. A.He will be glad to communicate withthose desiring Steinway instrumentsor player-pianos. (26-tf)Theftslockout mewom-oiithen come m oAoarNewiTHE J.EITHERPKONE 36Motor Hearsei!&-rATE BANVmiinii-Miiitnmifjnin."'"''"-"Coal Coal CoalHave You Talked WithCOLLIER BROS.About Your Winter Coal?Office Opposite Paris TobaccoWarehousefcMaAAjiAJIJ-gs"gskcSotd nqsFurotture.X. nSrK'miSZ2SsSSmmmjUi,V wiVSfeMrs. HomeloVer:Many people do' not realize that when a pieceof furniture is WORN OUT it ought to beTHROWN OUT. It is uncomfortable, unsightlyand unsanitary.Our good quality furniture will last a longtime; will gjve you the best possible satisfactionand make you proud ofyour home.If you are going along making old things dokic them out and come to us ror new ones. rOur furniture is correct in design and price.T. HINTON CO.PARIS, KENTUCKYMotor Invalid CoachsjTMEUNiVERSAL CARThe Ford Sedan 13 the favorite family car,"1seats five comfortably. While an enclosed car 'with permanent top, it has large windows, and jmay in a minutebe changed to a most delight-jful open car with always a top protectingagainst the sun. In inclement weather it is aclosed car, dust-proof, water-proof, cold-proof.Finely upholstered. Equipped with electricstarting and lighting system and demountablerims with 3 J -inch tires front and rear. A realfamily car. Won't you come in and look at it?The delights of the electriccar with the economy of thefaafess .bom.Ruggles Motor16 Bank Row, Paris,"gfiSjCumberland Phone 997Home Phone 257i III I 1 1 BffTTTTiTTnilA-. t--SIXTH AND MAINUndertakingfiX&i!mSs:Co.Ky.kasj. Call Cumberland Phone 487; HomePhone 256, for further information., M. 0. BEDPUl, x Te Rawleierli Man.(8aug:-tf) - .J. W. HAYDEN,. Ctert, ' -. ..(sept3(Mt) , -4. ' ' 'e4 '- -:, rfiCT'guuwFRIDAY, OCTOBER 3, lifHE BdtJfcfiMf llEWl-PAWS, KEHTOCKYlm- rrf.- 4fcATTORNEY - GENERAJi DEFINESTHE PROHIBITION STATUS.WASHINGTON, October 2. Although the war department declaredin a statement Monday that "the accidents of war and the progress ofdemobilization are at an end," wartime prohibition cannot be lifted until after the ratification of the peacetreaty, in the opinion of AttorneyGeneral Palmer.The prohibition law. provides thatit shall remain in force until afterthe termination of the war and thedemobilization of the army. Mr. Palmer has held that the state of wardoes not end until the peace treatyhas been ratified. President Wilsontook a similar position in askingCongress early in the year to repealthe wartime prohibition law insofaras it affected light wines and beer.The War departments statement asto the end of demobilization wasmade in connection with an amendment that officers of the regulararmy were "about to be returned totheir normal peace-time rank andthat the 10,000 emergency ofllcersstill in the service must be discharged in order to reduce the commissioned personnel to the 18,000 authorized by a recent act of Congress."THESE RATS WOULDN'T EAT MYBEST GRAIN," SAYSERED LAMB.sIt's hard to keep rats out of a feedstore. Tried for years. A neighboring store sold " me some RATSNAP. It worked wonders. Gathered up dead rats every morning.Bought more RAT-SNAP. Haven'ta rat now. They wouldn't eat mybest grain when I threw RAT-SNAParound." Three sizes, 25c, 50c,$1.00. Sold and guaranteed by theFarmer's Supply Co.(oct-adv)PREMIER RACE AT LEXINGTONTROTS.The Ashland will be raced in twodivisions at Lexington, Oct. 8.(Sept. 30-Oct. 3.)OLD AGE STARTSWITH YOUR KIDNEYSOF LOCALINTERESTSome Paris People We Know, andWill Profit by Hearing About 'Thenr.This is purely a local event.It took place in Paris.Not in some faraway place.You are asked to investigate it.Asked to believe a citizen's word.To confirm a citizen's statement.Any article that is endorsed athome is more worthy of confidencethan one you know nothing aboutEndorsed by unknown people.Floyd H. Rankin, grocer, Lilletston avenue and Lucas street, says:"I have used Doan's Kidney Pills offand on for years and have beengreatly benefited by them. Attimes I have suffered severely withkidney complaint. Mr. back oftenpained me and and was lame mostall the time. The kidney secretionswere too frequent in passage andgreatly annoyed me. When I havebeen this way, I have always foundthat a box of Doan's Kidney Pillshas never failed to cure me of theattack in short order."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getMr. Rankin had. Foster-Milburn way to merit approval.Co., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.KALL CLASSES PRAISE SALVATIONISTS WORK."I am very much interested tohear of the campaign the SalvationhArmy has undertaken for money tosustain it s war activities, and wantto take the opportunity to expressmy admiration for the work that ithas done and my sincere hope that itmay be fully sustained."The above from Woodrow Wilson,President of the United States, is typical of the attitude of the leaders ofthe world toward vthe SalvationArmy. Regardless of creed, politics,or race, the great citizens of thiscountry have unhesitatingly endorsed the present campaign of the Salvation Army."I am the more happy to command this organization because it isfree from sectarian bias. The manin need of help is the object of theireffort with never a question, of hiscreed or color," writes James Cardinal Gibbons.Col. House, General Pershing,men and women from all departmentsof public life, commerce and societyhave joined in an unanimous approval of the Salvation Army and its activities. Wherever there is work tobe done the Salvationist does it in a. rMm If iilfi j 1 !j:fca pachasbefore foe war(adv) 1Science says that old age begins withweakened kidneys and digestive organs.This being true, it is easy to believeAhat by keeping the kidneys and dijestive organs cleansed and in properVorking order old age can be deferredand life prolonged far beyond that enJoyed by the average person.For over 200 years GOLD MEDALHaarlem Oil has been relieving theweaknesses and disability due to advancing years. It is a standard oldtime home remedy and nee'ls no introduction. GOLD MEDAL, llaarlrtn Oil iaFnclosed in odorless, tasteless capsulescontaining about 5 drops each. Takethem as you would a pill, with a small iswallow of water. The oil stimulatethe kidney action and enables theorgans to thiow oft the poisons whichcause piemTltute old age. N.w life andstrength inciease as you continue thetreatment. Wi'en completely restoredcontinue taking a capsule or two eachday. GOLD MiSLAL. Haarlem Oil Capsules will keep you in health and vigorand prevent a return of the disease.Do not wn.it until old age or diseasehave settled down for good. Go to yourdruggist and get a box of GOLDMTRDAL Haarlem Oil Capsules. Moneyrefunded if they do not help ycu. Thrtosizes. Cut renit nib"i' to ask for theoriginal imported GOLD MEDAL brandyIn sealed packages.Goat Good Milk Producer.Mr. Winthrop Howland of Redlands,Cal., last year had a Swiss Toggenburggoat, kept on the University of California farm, which broke the world's record as a milk producer, by over 300pounds. For the period of one yearthis doe produced 2,941 pounds of richsweet milk, or more than 24 times herown weight. The period of lactationfor a good doe should be from seven toeight months. . j .:",- 5 .oAs a general thing, the moreFrench the heels, are, the less Greekare the feet.c a pscduring the warP" li Tw W pi Vss2?2S2eBJAMES STUCKY SAYS, "RAT COSTME $125 FOE PLUMBINGBILLS."The Home Telephone Your ServantFor Only a Few Cents Per DayLet us analyze his qualifications: He is polite, intelligent, wlllifcg,always on duty, day or night.He will instantly present to you the grocer, butcher, baker or any othe trades-folks, or the doctor, fire department or police in emergency.He will go far beyond the confines of the town and bring to you K.amazingly short time a member of the family or one of your good propective customers.He will summons the railroad, boat or theatre ticket in a few seeonds.And as to wages, he will only cos't you in residence from 6 to 8c peday; ia place of business from 10 to 12c per day.Paris Home Telephone TelegraphCompany(Incorp orated)J. J. Veateh, District ManagesW. H. Cannon, Local Manager.'We couldn't tell what was clogging up our toilet and drains. Wehad to tear up floor, pipes, etc.,found a rat's nest in basement.They had choked up pipes with refuse. The plumber's bill was $125.RAT-SNAP cleaned the rodent out."Three sizes, 25c, 50c, $1-00. Soldand guaranteed by the Farmers' Supply Company.(oct-adv)Formalin for Ingrowing Toenail.Suldey advises application of a solution of formaldehyde (formalin) forthe relief of ingrowing toenail. A pledget of cotton wet with formalin isswabbed over the granulations onceevery day. The pain is relieved almostImmediately, the inflammation Is rapidly reduced and the cure Is practlcally complete in four or five days.Journal de Medecine et de GMrurgiePractiques.Aetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityAnd OtherCasualtiesTBE FLAVORSO DOES TBE PRICELrw''&iis? )A. j. FEE, AGENTSend That Next Job of Printing to TheBourbon News. Best Work; Right Pricesi?GUTSTOCK FARM IIWILL BE SOLD AT PUBLIC AUCTIONOn the Premises on the North Middletown Pike, onTUESDAY,ATOCT10:30 A. M.751819Contains 547 acres of land in a high state of cultivation and has divided into eleven small farms. This farm is one ofthe best in the county and adjoins the City Limits of Paris, Ky., faces on the North Middletown pike, Maysville Division of the Louisville & Nashville Railroad and the water of Stoner Creek. For many years it was the stock raisingfarm of the late G. G. White, and was practically all in grass. There is no better land. Its soil is deep and fertile andwill grow fine tobacco, corn or hemp. The property belongs to Hinton Bros, who are selling TO EFFECT A DIVISION of the undivided interest of each owner. The division of the land is as follows :TRACTS NOS. 1,2,3 and 4 Contains 1 0 acres and a fraction each of unimproved land and face on the NorthMiddletown pike. All old blue grass sod, lays well, fine building sites and each an attractive and ideal home site.TRACTS NOS. 5 AND 9 Tract No. 5 contains seven acres and a fraction and No. 9 contains 1 4J acres andboth face on the North Middletown pike. Both tracts are in corn, with a splendid yield, and each will make anideal home with beautiful building sites.TRACT NO. 6 Is the old home place containing 255 acres. Nearly all bottom land, strong in fertility and asplendid producing farm, none better. Magnificent colonial brick residence of 12 rooms, halls, pantries, back andfront porches, basement, cistern, all necessary outbuildings and a good 12-acre tobacco barn. Wells, pools andStoner Creek furnish an unlimited water supply. One-half of this tract is in blue grass,' the greater part of which isvirgin soil, and the remainder is seeded to clover and grass, with a good stand.TRACTS NOS. 7 AND 8 Contain 20 acres each and face on the new road and have a godo stand of cloverand grass, with part in virgin soil. Unimproved, but just ready for tobacco.TRACT NO. 10 Contains 44 acres, and facesfton new road. Seven room residence, necessary outbuildings,well watered with cistern and pond. Nearly all of this tract is'old sod land, with the emainder in corn and tobacco.TRACT NO. 1 1 Contains 155 acres and faces on new road, has small tenant house and is watered by StonerCreek. A good portion of this tract is virgin soil with the finest blue grass and is ready for tobacco. Tracts 9, 1 0and 1 1 will be sold seperately and then as a whole.Tracts No. 1 , 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, and 8 will be sold separately and then as a whole after which entire farm will beoffered as a whole. fcTERMS Ten per cent, of the purchase price cash in hand on day of sale, 23 1-3 per cent, on March 1 , 1920;33 1-3 per cent. March 1 , 1921 , and 33 1-3 per cent. March 1 , 1922, deferred payments to bear 6 per cent, interest secured by a lien on the property.HARRIS & SPEAKES,r&0f J'fif&rflBrV 7otZ SS3Sfr ""-,, ., J 3 3ff -.. - . Z.frtf ' ' - .nL. D. HARRIS, General ManagerGEO. D. SPEAKES, AuctioneerI - . ma I1to !? " 'i'lR "& - 2 s "& s -2S.J? H S J' x- J"K j XJ seX seri A ? ' Tit ,f y -ty - w - V - ""-" -fa jk U9 , toL.vy ...tA,s ' -- - i I'" ' ,,"t t .NX HS',lZZSf i1 'Jfer-rt'" 7 - Vi'fjcJJf ' if J ,ul v - - ?1W 9 : " ?; W h - J f ee I I ItMi Are &,? jil'41 .' ' --- ' ' ;wj j c till -v . ' kST"'ft ' v -- a--- . .1 n.w.;Ficnion-m " M' fjTHE j BOUBBOH HEWS, 5ABIS, KBHTUCSTEHID4.Y, OCTOBER. 3; 1X"'-1.. fl-.a. aft;:DEATHS.WOLFE.Mrs. Nannie Wilson Wolfe, awell-known former resident of Harrison county, died at her home nearLexington, after a long illness fromcancer. She was a daughter of Mr.She was a sister of Mr. James Wilson, of neai Paris.The body was brought to Cynihiana and taken to the home of herparents. The funeral was held at theLeesburg Christian church, with services conducted by Rev. J. R. Jones.The burial followed in the Jacksonville Cemetery. The pall-bearerswere J. C. Jett, Earl Anderson, ScottAnderson, Ray Paul and JamesLail.i ni -'" ' LOWE.The funeral of Mr. M. C. Lowe,aged forty-five, a former resident ofthis county, who died at the home of;his cousin, Mrs. Charles Hagan, inWinchester, Tuesday, after a long illness, was held Wednesday afternoonjzX 2:30 o'clock, with services conducted at the graveside in the Winchester Cemetery by Rev, J. H. Mac"eill. The pall-bearers were MarionHall, Basil Hutsell, Frank Hall and.Winston Hart, of Paris, and CharlesHagan and J. M. Walker, of Winchester. Mr. Lowe was a son of the lateMr. and Mrs. Ruff Lowe, of this.county. He attended the privateschool of the late Prof. W. L. Yer3tesf in Paris After the death of hisparents he went to Alaska, where hespent some time. Of late years heresided in Cincinnati and Dayton,and was in the latter place when hewas taken ill.Mr. Lowe is survived by his wife,who was Miss Avie Brown, of NorthMiddletown, and one daughter, Mildred Rogers Lowe, aged four years;one sister, Mrs. Robert Clark, ofDetroit, Mich., and one brother, Mr.Collis Lowe, of Cincinnati. He wasa nephew of Mrs. Oscar M. Johnson,of Millersburg. He was a man ofupright character, and his death is asource of sincere regret to all wholuiew him.! jPREPAIOTG TO EIGHT TOBACCO,RELIGIOUS.MATRIMONIAL.KIELY.Mr. John Kiely, aged fifty, a former resident of Paris, died Wednesday at his, home in Covington, aftera few houts illness, following astroke of paralysis, which he sustained several days ago. Mr.Kiely had been in Paris on a visit to3iis mother and family, and had returned to his Covington home Sunday. Mr. Kiely was the eldest son ofIVIrs. Ellen C. Kiely, of this city. Hislather, Mr. John Kiely, who was oneof the pioneer shoe merchants ofParis, diedsin this city several yearsago. After leaving Paris youngKiely made him home in Cincinnati,where he was for many years connected with the A. J. Conroy Co., thePrudential Life Insurance Co., andother business concerns. He afterward traveled for a magazine pub7lisliing house in Chicago, which placelie made his headquarters. In thepast few years he had been residingin Covington. He is survived by hiswidow, one son and three daughters,hy his mother, Mrs. Ellen C. Kiely,one sister, Miss Mary Kiely, and onebrother, Joseph Kiely, all of thiscity.Funeral services were held in Covington, Wednesday morning. The"body was brought to Paris on the10:50 Louisville & Nashville train,and taken to the Catholic Cemeteryfor interment on the family lot. Thepall-bearers were Murray Higgins,Edward H. Gorey, Dr. F. P. Campbell, Dan Jordan, George McWilliams, William Grannan.The Endeavor Society of thePresbyterian Church will meet Sunday evening at the church at J: 00o'clock. The subject will be "OurRelation To Others." Miss Elanor-Lytle will be the leader.The meeting of the C. W. B. M.of the Christian church, scheduledfor three o'clock this (Friday) afternoon, has been changed to 2:30. Themembers are requested to note thechange of time, and govern themselves accordingly.A business session will be heldat the Baptist church immediatelyafter Sunday School, at 10:30 Sunday morning. The meeting will befor the purpose of discussing the'issuance of a call for pastor to fillthe vacancy occasioned by the resignation of Rev, R, C Goldsmith.An all-day monthely meeting ofthe Baptist Women's ocety washeld in the church parlors Tuesday.The forenoon was spent in sewing,Mrs. Tucker's circle served luncheon at noon. In the afternoon Mrs.W. S. Farmer, of Frankfort, made anaddress on "Woman's Part in The$75,000,000 Drive."An all-day monthly meeting offort district was held in the ParisMethodist church Wednesday, presided over by Mrs. Edwin Lamkin,district secretary. Delegates fromParis, Georgetown, Frankfort andMillersburg were present. Lunchwas served by the ladies of the Parischurch. An address on "MissionStudy" was made by Mrs. Salyers, ofDanville, conference officer.Large crowds are in attendanceeach night at the revival meeting being conducted in the North Middletown Christian church by Rev. C.W. Cauble, of Indianapolis, and thepastor, Rev. F. W. Tinder. A feature of special interest is the splendid music by an augmented choir under the direction of Mr. A. L. Boatright, of the Paris Christian church.The Endeavor Society of the Christian church will meet in the churchparlors at 6:30 Sunday evening. Thesubject will be "Our Relation ToOthers." Foster P. Mitchell, leader.The members of the Christianchurch Mission Band will be guestsof Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft, Mrs. s. Hi.McClanahan and Mrs. George Williams Clay, at the home of Mrs.Hutchcraft, at the corner of Houstonavenue and Second street, to-morrow(Saturday) afternoon, at threeo'clock. Every member of the Bandis urged to be present, as this will bethe first meeting of the new missionary year. The Little Light Bearers,composed of -children under six, willbe entertained at another time.Rev. R. W. Jopling, of Austin,Texas, will preach at the Presbyterian church next Sunday, both morning and evening. This will be RallyDay in the Sunday -School and classeswill open at half past nine o'clock inorder to give time for the Assemblyexercises. Teachers, pupils and visitors are requested to be prompt inattendance. The program will beinteresting and a cordial invitationis extended the public to worshipwith us. To those who are not already members of some Sundayschool, this will be a good time tostart in and a hearty welcome awaitsyou. To parents of children who arenon-members, Christian education isa part of the rightful heritage ofyour boys and girls. Why not seethat they get it? Five SundaySchools in Paris have open sessionsevery Sunday at 9:30 a. m., with emcient teachers, modern equipmentand methods.County Clerk Pearce Paton issued a marriage license from his officeWednesday to Miss Mattie Ludenberg, sixteen, and Ben Howard,twenty-three, both of Millersburg.A marriage license was issuedTuesday from the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton to Miss IdaGriggs, of Madison county, 24, andMr. Charles Moore, 22, of Lexington.Friends in this city have received invitations to the marriage of Mr.James Edward Cantrill, only son ofCongressman J. Campbell Cantrill,and Miss Corine Aswell, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. James B. Aswell. Thewedding will take place at noon onThursday, Oct. 9, at the home of thelb ride's parents, 2039 New Hampshire street, Washington, D. C.The following announcementCards have been received by relativesand friends in this city and county:"Mr. Charles Lockhart MeJiagan,Miss Florence Neff, announce then'marriage on Monday, the eighth ofSeptember, nineteen hundred andnineteen, Lagrange, Illinois." Thegroom is the youngest son of Mrs."VTirgil Kelly Mehagan, formerly ofParis, a sister of Mrs. E. F. Clay, ofParis. His father, Mr. Charles Mehagan, who formerly resided inParis, died in Chicago several yearsago.SAUER.Complainingof not feeling well,and retiring to her room at the homeof her daughter, Mrs. James Doty, onPleasant street, about eleven o'clockWednesday night, Mrs. CharlesSauer, aged eighty, fell over on her"bed and expired in a short time.Death was supposedly due to an attack of heart trouble.Mrs. Sauer had been sitting onfront porch at the Doty home conversing with members of the family,and was apparently in the best ofhealth. She arose from her seat togo up stairs, and on her way, thinking she heard water running from afaucet somewhere on the lower floor,started to investigate. Returningfrom this she remarked that shewould retire., and went to her room.In a short while members of the family heard her fall, and running tothe room, found the age'd woman lying across the bed- A physician wassummoned, but life was extinct before he arrived.Mrs. Sauer came to this countrywhen a young woman, and had resided in Paris many years. Her husband, Mr. Charles Sauer, Sr., whowas. a well-known gardener of thiscity for many years, residing on Second street, died several years ago.She was a woman of gentle, unassuming manner, one whose greatest delight was in making happy thosearound iier. Her's was a life devotedto her family and her friends, andthese she made glad by the happyspirit that dwelt in her.Mrs. Sauer is survived by the following children: Mrs. James Doty,John Sauer, Will Sauer, Chas. Sauer,Mrs. Ida Batterton, all of Paris; Mrs.TThos. Rice, Maysville; Mrs AaronAsfcbrook, Elgin, Illinois.The fuenarl services will be conducted at the home of James Doty,Saturday afternoon at 4 o'clock, conducted T)y Rev. C. H. Greer, pastor ofthe Methodist church.DEMOCRATS, XEGETEB.Don't fail to register at your voting"booth next Tuesday, -Oct 7, if youwish to yote in the election forState ocers in November." PollingCHIRSTIAN CHURCH CALENDARSunday, 9:30 a. m. Bible School.Sunday, 10:45 a. m. MorningWorship.Sunday, 2:30 p. m. Junior Christian Endeavor.Sunday, 2:30 p. m. Church BoardMeeting.Sunday, 4:00 p. m. Workers'Conference.Sunday, 6:30 p. m. Christian Endeavor Society.Sunday, 7:30 p. m. Evening Worship. Tuesday, 3:30 p. m. Mission Circle. Wednesday 7:30 p. m. PrayeMeeting.Saturday, 3:00 p. m. MissionBand Party.oLIST YOUR PROPERTY NOW.SAVE PENALTY.Come in and list your property today, the time limit isnear when a penalty will go on.The law requires you to cometo our office In the CourtHouse. Do it NOW.WALTER CLARK,Tax Commissioner.JNO. J. REDMON,Deputy.(aug8-tf)SUIT POB, DAMAGES FOLLOWSASSAULT ON MAN.In the County Court Tuesday,Judge George Batterton fined Jason ,'Howard $25 and costs on a chargeof hreach of peace, for strikingRobert Jacobs, colored, with, a club.On Wednesday, Jacobs filed a suitin the office of Circuit Clerk Wm. H.Webb against Howard, asking fordamages in the sum of $2,500.In his petition Jacobs alleged thatHoward, who is a white farmer nearParis, unlawfully, wantonly and maliciously beat and bruised him witha piece of lumber, causing him tosuffer great physical pain and mentalanguish. The case will be heard atthe November term of the BourbonCircuit Court.o vLEXINGTONTB0TS, SEPT.OCT. 11.29-The Castleton, one of the stellarorontc rtf Tio voar tnf trnlfo 'milllVC v - -.-. z. c li..lJ w. . jwou. AV HUHWJO, VH11ylaote will pe open irom six a. m. iooe raced at Lexington, October 7.kane McCarthyThe wedding of Miss HelenMarie Kane to Mr. Charles BernardMcCarthy was solemnized at 6:30o'clock Tuesday morning at St.Peter's Catholic Church, in Lexington, the Rev. Father Frieburg performing the ceremony. The weddingscene was one of beauty, the churchbein elaborately decorated withpalms, ferns and roses.For the wedding music Miss Theresa Buchinani presided at the organand Miss Louise Keller sang "VavaMaire" and "0, Salutaries" mostbeautifully.Miss Margaret Kane was her sister's maid of honor and the bestman was Mr. Leo Keller, of Paris.After the ceremony a weddingbreakfast was given for the bridalparty by the bride's mother, Mrs.John Kane, at her home on EastFifth street.The guests were received by Mrs.Kane and Miss Cecelia Kane. Afterthe serving of the delicious menu thebride and bridegroom left for a tripto Washington, New York and Philadelphia. ,The bride is one of several attractive sisters and is unusuallypretty and charmingMr.COEEEE AND TEA.(Cincinnati Times-Star)TVTovements to prohibit manufacture and sale of tobacco, coffee andtea were predicted by James ArthurSeavey, New York, managing director of the National Association Opposed to Prohibition. Seavey, whowas at the Sinton, Monday, came toCincinnati to confer with men interested in forming a branch of the na-tional association in Ohio and attended a meeting of tobacco men atthe Globe Tobacco warehouse, whensteps to organize a league to promote the tobacco industry and tocombat any propaganda to prohibitwere taken. Seavey addressed themeeting and declared that the Women's Chistian Temperance union,assisted by the Anti-Saloon Leagueand the Anti-Tea and Coffee league,was already preparing to launch acampaign against tobacco as soonas prohibition of liquor is an established fact. He stated that his association had employed eminentcounsel to contest the Federal prohibition amendment before the Supreme Court of the United States andhe expects it will be adjudged illegal.sr : Or HNED FOR SPEEDING.Charged with exceeding the automobile speed limits of the city Mrs.Clara'Conner, of Lexington, was presented in Police Court before Policeuudge Ernest Martin, and fined $7.-50. Last Saturday anernuuii mi&.Conner's machine collided with another at the corner of Main andBroadway, while, it was claimed, Jitwas going at an excessive rate ofspeed. Patrolman Lusk caught thenumber and notified Mrs. Conner toappear for trial. The Conner machinewas slightly damaged, while theother machine lost a bumper in thecollision.several years in the employ of E. F.Spears & Son, of Paris, and since hisrelease from the army service atCamp Zachary Taylor, has been adeputy in the office of the Collectorof Internal Revenue, Mr. ElwoodHamilton, at Lexington. He is oneof the most popular young men ofParis and Lexington.Besides the wedding party and thehostess, among those present at thebreakfast were: Mrs. P. I. McCarthy, Mrs. Roche, Misses MinnieRoche, Mary McCarthy, MargaretMcCarthy, Julia McCarthy, of Paris;Miss Mary McWilliams and Mrs. Jno.McCarthy, of Paris; Mr. and Mrs.Frank B. Carr, Messrs. Frank andJustin McCarthy, Miss HarrietJ. J,There is a Big Saving- In Proper Shelter -Whether it be for live stock or farm machinery, adequate shelter means a big saving. Badweather kills more young stock than does disease.Rain .and hot sun wear out more farm machinerythan does actual service.Build NowThe shelter you need for your live stockand your farm machineryDon't WaitNothing comes to him who waits unlesshe hustles while he waitsSwallie. of Ripley, 0.; Mr.Kane, of Sidney, O.; Mr. and Mrs.TVTo roifh-ir ic V10 cnn -f ATrci iTInn P.rnwP. Mr. Frank ROChe. MiSSi.li.VJl tMJ AJ ti WWII WA. ..-. W I AV. r. w Vj ,McCarthy, of Lexington, formerly ofParis, his father being the late P. I.McCarthy, who for years was thecashier of the Deposit Bank of Paris,and one of the city's most prominentbusiness men. Mr. McCarthy was forCecelia Kane, Miss Teresa McGuire,Miss Keller, Miss Buchignani.Mr. and Mrs. McCarthy will reside in Ashland, where the groomhas been appointed to a responsibleposition in the revenue service.Good farmers found out long ago that thebetter live stock is housed the more it pays for itskeep. A good barn, whether it be for live stock,grain storage or general purposes, is a farm structure that never fails to pay dividends on investments.Bourbon Lumber CompanyM. PEALE COLLIER, ManagerThe News Job Department is Always Busy.'There's a Reason." Work Done Right!PUBLICLIIEITMIMPLEMENTSOn The Premises of! ol lie Young, Five Miles From Paris, on the Paris andNorth Middletown Pike onWednesday, Oct. 8, 1919AT 10:30 O'CLOCK A, M.fextra3 pairOn account of our lease on the Clay farm having expired we will sell publicly our live stock andfarm implements consisting of the following:5A r.r 4rs-a f?a rsilH rattle- wisihi I AAin I inn nminrlc. 1AA r-rr omoc Kn. i i rLruary 20; 1 2 southdown bucks; 4 duroc boars, ready for service; 6 sows and 30 shoats; 4 cows,win De Tresn soon; o yearuny ueirers emu &rcers; guuu using norses, well broke; I pairseven-year-old mare mules, weight 2,500 pounds; I pair gray horse mules, 4-year-old-maremules from 3 to 6 years old; I aged mare mule. 'FARM IMPLEMENTSWe will sell a fine lot of farm implements in good condition as follows- 1 road wagon, 3 riding cultivators, Brinley's, 4 Vulcan breaking plows, 1 double Randle harrow, 1 Hoosier wheat drift 1 bull rake,1 hay Tetter, 3 two-horse wagons, 1 McCormick binder, 1 McCormick mower, 1 Avery corn planter, 1 seed drill, 1 hemp-machine, 20,hemp breaks, 1 New Idea manure spreader, 3 sets wagon harness, single trees, pitchforks and many things too numerous to mention.Everything will be sold on sixty days time without interest, excepting sums under $50 which will be cash in hand. Hot lunch foreveryone.This sale will be held rain or shine and everything will be sold without reserve or by bid. Neither partners will make a bid on -anything.' ' ,iGeo. D. Speakes,CLARK & YOUNGCol. John T. Hedges, ClerkiVfaiae p. m.(Sept. 30-Oct. 3.)sNvf-.t1" .,Q- Is1.;r s -Mfy ' .' vFRIDAY, ' OCTOBER 3 ,' 1919I. -THE BOUBBOlff NEWS fcARIS, KEOTUCiTJApage nviv",.5p' .fOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEATTENTION, FARMERS!Bring in your Seed Wheat andfet us clean it for you. Telephone us and we -will arrangeto clean your wheat the sameday ft is brought in.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.aug26-tf)0TOP COATS FOE MEN.Top-notch styles in our top-coatsJ. W. 'DAVIS & CO.BOARD MEETINGThe Bourbon County Red CrossBoard will meet representatives fromthe county; precincts Tuesday afternoon at four o'clock in the CountyCourt room, in the court house.STOKE TO BE CLOSED TO-MORROW,HOLIDAY.On account of Jewish holiday ourshoe store will be closed to-morrow,Saturday, Oct. 4. Will re-open at5.30 p. m.DAN COHEN'S SHOE STORE,(It) Posner Bros., Props.. oUVE STOCK TRANSACTIONSSeventy-eight head of fine fat cattle, purchased by W. A. Thomason,of John Woodford, at sixteen centsa pound, and averaging 1,435pounds a head, were shipped to theEastern market Tuesday.Henry S. Caywood shipped to thesew York market Wednesday, 238cattle purchased from Catesby Woodford, Sr.Y -DIVIDENDS TO STOCKHOLDERSChecks for the quarterly dividendtt the rate of twelve per cent, a yearhave been mailed to "stockholders ofthe First National Bank of Paris.Other Paris banks pay dividendssemi-annually. The movement oflivestock from the county is causinga steady flow of money to the financial institutions of Paris. Themarketing of the tobacco and corncrops will add to the farmer's revenues soon.oTHE BEST INSURANCE.Insure your tobacco in thebarn against Fire and Windstorm withYERKES & PEED,Farmers & Traders Bank.t (augl5-tf)SOCIAL AM) PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OprPeople Here, There andElsewhere.BOURBON MEN PURCHASE TROTTERS AT LEXINGTON SALEAt the sale of trotters belongingto the estate of the late U. S. Saunders, held Tuesday at Tattersall's, inLexington, the following purchaseswere made by Bourbon county men:Emily Axworthy, br. m. (15) , Axworthy Altivosa, by Altivo; JosephM. Hall, Paris, $60.Martha Wilson, b. m. (8), Martimas Birdie Lowlander, by Lowlander; Richard H. Wills, Paris, $495.oDEMOCRATIC PUBLIC SPEAKING.The campaign in the interest ofthe Democratic candidates for Stateoffice will be opened in this countyon Monday, October 6 (County Courtday) when J. Campbell Cantrillwill address the Democratic voters ofthe city and county at the courthouse at two o'clock in the afternoon. Hon. Prank E. Daugherty will address the voters at the court houseon the night of Wednesday, October8. Both addresses will be wellworth hearing.oTEE HINTON FARM LAND ATAUCTION, TUESDAY, OCT. 7.The beautiful Gilt Edge StockFarm, comprising 547 acres,near Paris, will be offered at auction in 11 tracts on October 7. A 25foot deeded road from the Paris andNorth Middletown pike back to theresidence is provided in 'the sale arrangements. These close in tracts ofland should attract dozens of farmbuyers. Read the advertisement onanother page. For .particulars, apply toHARRIS & SPEAKES, Agents.oct-3-2t) Paris, Ky.oPRESERVING PEARS.Buy your pears for preservingnow. Canned fruits will be scarceand high the coming winter. BetterPlace your order early.(It) C. ,P. COOK & CO.o"WHEN DO WE &ETURN TO THEOLD TIME?"""""In some unaccountable way the impression got out in Paris that thetime for setting back the clocks and"watches of the country would be onOctober 1. Wags had a good time'W'ith the unsophisticated persuadingthem to have their watches andclocks set back an hour, therebycausing some inconvenience andtrouble, but fun for the boys. THENEWS office was beseiged with inquiries as to when the time wouldchange, and, in fact, one of the attaches was under the impressionthat it would take effect October 1.Later investigation developed thefact that Uncle Sam had decided toPut the change into effect when itsuited him. He set the change totake effect at midnight on Sunday,October 26. All clocks and watches"will or should be one hour slower onthe following morning. Rememberthe date, and make the change before you retire Sunday night.Mrs. Anna Lee, of Carlisle, is aguest of friends in Paris.Dr. Ben Frank is here fromNew York as a guest of relatives andfriends.Mr. and Mrs. James R. Stivershave gone to Dayton, Ohio, to visitrelatives.Miss Hilda Taylor is convalescent after an operation for the removal of tonsils and adenoids.Mrs. Curtis Henry, of Paris, isvisiting her parents, Mr. and Mrs.Harry B. Burnaw, in Carlisle.Mrs. A. L. Slicer left Tuesdayfor a visit to --her sisters, MissesKatherine and Annie Jameson, atColumbus, Ohio.Mrs. Robert G. Stoner, Mrs. MayStoner Clay and Mrs. Hiram Roseberry occupied avbox at the Lexington trots Tuesday.Miss Maude Flynn has returnedto Winchester after a visit to hersister, Mrs. R. L. Wilson, and Mr.Wilson, in this city.Mr. and Mrs. Woodford Houstonare moving this week from the fiatover Owsley's restaurant to roomsover the People's Pharmacy.Mr. Stanhoue Boal, of Piqua, 0.,is a guest at the country home ofhis nephew, Stanhope Wiedemann,and Mrs. Wiedemann, near Paris.Squire J. N. Shropshire left yesterday for Cincinnati to attend thebig trap shooting tournament givenat L-atonia by the Rosedale GunClub.Mrs. J. J. McCarthy and children, Florence and Bourbon McCarty, have returned to Paris after avisit to Mrs. Munday Baxter, inWinchester.Mrs. Walter Dalby entertainedthe members of her bridge club yesterday afternoon, at the home of herparents, Mr. and Mrs. Chas. P. Cook,on Eighth street.Mr. Chas. S. Ball, of the C. S.Ball Garage, is ill at his home nearParis with an attack of typhoid fever. His daughter, Miss CharlinaBall, is ill with quinsy.Mrs. Rudolph Davis entertainedat her home Wednesday afternoonon East Seventh street, with a reception in honor of her new niece,Mrs. Frank Ireland Davis. ,Mrs. Carl Crawford, who hadcharge of the tea room at GrahamSprings Hotel, will have charge of aSt. Petersburg, Fla., hotel culinarydepartment, when the season opens.Mrs. Edward Turner, of nearParis, is in Washington, D. C,where she will represent Bourboncounty in the meeting of the WarMothers-' Association, which is in session there this week.Mr. Louis Gresche left Tuesdayfor Rochester, Minn., where he willenter the Mayo Bros.' Hospital, as apatient. Mr. Grosche has been inthe Massie Memorial Hospital, inParis, for several weeks.The Leesburg Book Club heldits monthly meeting at the home ofMrs. R. L. Shropshire. A contest inguessing advertisement was won byMiss Sue Yiley and the secondprize went to Miss Stuart Winston.Mr. John Merringer returnedTuesdaj'- night from Rochester,Minn., where he has been a patientat the Mayo Bros.' Hospital. Mr.Merringer underwent an operationfor tonsilitis. He reports Mr. David Feld as being greatly improved.Mrs. Andrew Graham Whitley,of Louisville, and guests, Mrs. JohnVreeland, of Glasglow, and Mrs.Morgan Shuster, of Washington,formed a motoring party visitingParis yesterday. The party is touring the Blue Grass regfcm. 'Miss Julia McMarthy returnedTuesday night from a month's vacation spent with relatives in Washington, D. C, and in other Easterncities. Miss McCarthy has resumedher position as Night Chief Operatorat the Cumberland Telephone Co.'sParis exchange.Mr. Clark Wilson, who has beena guest of his parents, Mr. and Mrs.David T. Wilson, on Houston avenue, has gone to Cleveland, O., fora short visit. Mr. Wilson was dueto return to the U. S. A. Hospital, atFt. Sheridan, 111., but was grantedan extension of time.Rev. and Mrs. R. C. Goldsmithand little child have gone to Mt.Sterling to reside in the future.Rev. Goldsmith, who has been pastorof the Paris Baptist church for several years, has accepted a call to thepastorate of the Mt. Sterling church.The best wishes of the members ofhis congregation, and a large number of friends go with Rev. Goldsmith and family.W. C. S. Hobbs, president ofthe Pythian Home, John W. Carter,Keeper of Records and Seals of theK. of P. Grand Lodge, and Col.Robert L. Slade, Secretary and Superintendent of the Home, at Lexington, were in Paris last night.They addressed the members of Rathbone Lodge K. of P., in the interestof the $100,000 drive for an endowment fund for the Pythian Home.Cynthiana Democrat: "Mrs.Mary D. Evans and daughter spentSunday with her brother, W. S. Ardery, near Paris . . . Mrs. Ardery, Mr.and Mrs. A. M. Cox, Mr. and Mrs.James VanDeren and son were weekencj. guests of W. S. Ardery and family, near Paris. ...Mr. and Mrs. A.M. Cox, Mrs. Emma Ardery, Mr. andMrs. J. G. VanDeren, Jr., and sonattended the funeral of their cousin,Miss Maude Marston, last Friday,near Paris. Miss Marston died in Miami, Fla., the first of the week."Richmond Register: "Rev, G.R. Combs and Mrs. Combs, who havebeen located the past two years inParis, where Rev. Combs has hadcharge of the Methodist church,have removed to La Grange, where.he has been made Presiding Elder.Mrs. Combs will be, remembered hereas Miss Sarah "Rucker, and has a hostof friends who jare interested, toknow ,of his promotion. . . .WilliamAlliband, of Paris, -who returnedfrom overseas service last week.spent the ' week-end with his" aunt,Mrs. J. A. McClintock, on the Summit." Mrs. John B. Northcott is visiting relatives' in Jefferson, Ohio.Mrs. I. L. Price and StanleyPrice have returned from a visit inCincinnati.- Miss Ella Crane, of Nicholasville, is a guest of Mrs. Ollie Patterson, in this city.Miss Helen Martin has returnedto her home p. Chicago, after a visitto Miss Annie Cummins.Mrs. Phoebe Shackleford has returned from Lake Chautauqua, NewYork, where she spent the summer.Miss Ruth E. Chambers has returned to her home in Indianapolis,after a visit to Mr. and Mrs. GeorgeJacoby, near Paris.Mr. Albert S. Thompson has returned from a visit to his son, Mr.G. C. Thompson, and Mrs. Thompson,at Allensville, Alabama.v Mr. and Mrs. Dennis Sullivan,guests of Mr. and Mrs. C. M. Taylorand family in this city, have returned to their home in New York.Mrs. Robert E. Frame anddaughter, Miss Hallie Frank, arrived home last night from Lake Saranac, N. Y., both greatly improved inhealth.Mrs. N. A. Bratton of Bratton,Ky., and Mrs. G. B. Bratton, ofFoster, Ky., are guests at the homeof Mr. and Mrs. Thos. Bratton, inEast Paris.Mrs. Robert Lee Frank anddaughter, Miss Hallie, returned Wednesday from Saranac Lake. NewYork, where they spent the spring?and summer.Private Parker Barnhill, recently discharged from the service ofUncle Sam, is visiting his parents,Mr. and Mrs. Barnhill, on the Peacock pike, near Paris.Mrs. Louis Saloshin and daughter, Miss Macie Saloshin, have returned from Cincinnati, where theyhave been guests of Mr. and Mrs.Harry Saloshin, and Mr. and Mrs. D.B. JosephWinn Lisle, son of Mr. and Mrs.D. C. Lisle, of near Paris, who recently returned from overseas, is ina hospital at Camp Merritt, New Jersey, suffering from the effects of aninjury to one foot.Mrs. Richard Fourchy, of Washington. D. C, Miss Nat McMillan,Mrs. Mary Carrick Garth and Mrs.Fannie Thomas, of Lexington, areguests of Mr. and Mrs. Jo Vardenand Mr. Wm. H. McMillan, on VineI street.Mrs. James Cummins, Sr., andMrs. James Cummins, Jr., have returned from Philadelphia, wherethey visited Owen Cummins, who isin a naval hospital there. They alsovisited Leslie Cummins, who is now awell-to-do merchant in New YorkCity.The October meeting of JemimaJohnson Chapter, Daughters of theAmerican Revolution, will be heldto-morrow (Saturday) afternoon, at2:30 o'clock, at the home of Mrs.Ruby Arnsparger, corner of Highand Ninth streets. Reports fromthe Future Work Committee will bemade at this meeting. A delegateand ten alternates wil be selected torepresent the local Chapter at theState meeting, of the D. A. R., to beheld in Lexington. Mrs. WalterClark will address the Chapter onthe subject of "Americanization."At the September meeting ofRichard Hawes Chapter, UnitedDaughters of Confederacy, held intheir rooms in the court house, theliistory of the organization formedthe theme of discussion as given outby the president, Mrs. J. T..Vansant,in commemoration of the twentiethanniversary of the Chapter. Mrs.Wm. G. Talbdtt read a list of thecharter members, and Mrs. RussellMann submitted a report of the Statemeeting recently held at Paducah.Refreshments were served by Mrs.Charles C. Leer and daughter, MissCarrol Le'er,Mrs. Rudolph Davis entertainedinformally with a tea at her home onEast Seventh street, in honor ofMrs. Frank Ireland Davis. Thosewho enjoyed the occasion were:Mrs. Frank Ireland Davis, Mrs. Edward Prichard, Mrs. Raymond McMillan, Mrs. 'Douglas Clay, Mrs. Hiram Roseberry, Mrs. Oscar Hinton,Mrs. John Stuart, Mrs. Clay Sutherland, Mrs. Walter Dalby, Mrs.Amos Turney, Mrs. Virgil Gaitskill,Mrs. Wade 'Whitley, Mrs. JamesThompson, Jr., Mrs. Edith MyallDaniels, Mrs. Edna McMillan, Mrs.Hugh Campbell, Mrs. Ray Taylor,Mrs. Brinch Meinertz, Miss Lewis, ofWinchester, Misses Elizabeth andNell Crutcher.MAN BEHIND THE FUN WITH!AUBURN'S MINSTRELS' That master producer comedianand funmaker, Charles E. Gano, formany years associated with J. A. Coburn's Minstrels is coming againwith the big show on Monday, October 6, at the Grand Opera House,with an all new production of thelatest and "best in minstrelsy. Thenew scenic opening Farewell America, representing the Allied NavalClubs good-bye to our boys cominghome is one of the most interestingand beautiful stage pictures everpresented by this company and embraces a number of novelty featuresin up to the minute amusement.Mr. Gano is one of the most unassuming and unaffected of all theminstrel stars, but his reputationand ability is second to none and theannouncement of his appearancewith this well-known company is aguarantee of an excellent performance under his direction. ManagerCoburn has surrounded him with anentire new personnel and is said tosurpass all former efforts in everydetail. With Coburn and Gano asthe men behind the fun, all lovers ofgood old-time minstrelsy, fine music,splendid singing and clean comedyrequire no further guarantee of agood show and their moneys worth.It's the men and the show you know."PLO FLO" COMING TOOCTOBER 10.GRANDRoom For RentNicely - furnished bedroom, onsecond floor of the Robneel Apartments, at corner of Main and Eighthstreets. Cumberland Telephone No.885.MRS. MAGGIE R. McCINTOCK.(3-tf)For SaleOne sewing machine, as good asnew has all improvements. Alsonew Sanitary Davenport, never used.Inquire at this office. (3-2t)To The Public !I am prepared to do busheling andgeneral repairing of men's and ladies' clothing. Work guaranteed satisfactory and prices reasonable.MARY E. CASAN,(It) . 707 Thomas Avenue.For Rent or Sale.My farm containing 355 acres onBethlehem pike 6 miles from Paris.J. M. RUSSELL,262 Mt. Airy Avenue,(3-tf) Home Phone 408.Notice!All persons having claims againstfthe estate of W. J. Kiser, deceased,are requested to present same, properly proven as required by law, tothe undersigned.Persons knowing themselves indebted to said estate of W. J. Kiser,deceased, are likewise requested tocall on the undersigned and settlesaid indebtedness promptly.FRANK P. KISER, Adm'r.,W. J. Kiser's Estate.(3-4t Fri)!g-lS5gIgaigJ?a --:ggs"j"Flo-Flo," John Cort's musicalcomedy sensation, which will be theattraction at the Grand Opera Houseon Friday, October 10, is the settingof the only ."perfect 36" comedychorus in captivity, which has beengowned by Mr. Cort with such lavish expenditure that the fashion parades of which there are three ofthe play alone, would be sufficientfor a revue.Mr. Cort has equipped this attraction with a splendid cast for theparts of "Flo-Flo," the irrisistiblecorset model; Angelina Stokes, theAmerican girl forced by a graspingmother into a loveless marriage; Billy Cope, the hero, from Oshkosh; andtwo comedy teams, Mosher and Simpson, owners of the Bride Shop, andPinky and Aloysius, two young menof agile feet, whose fingers prove tobe as nimble as their pedal extremities,fln i- r'lHTJhe Dalion!PhonographIT RE-ANIMATESMUSICSEEWOLLSTETNPS SUITS ANDHATS -ATTRACTIVEPRICES WORTHWHILE.We are offering some attractiveprices on all summer suits, hats, etc.Men who know are taking advantageof these values. Better not wait tooJong. .,.L. WOLLSTEIN,619 Main Street.(17-4t)It's the living touch of a Paderewski or a Kreislerthat you hear the voice of a Caruso or Galli-Curci it'sthe actual sweliing, stirring volume of orchestra or bandit is music alive, re-animate, because the Dalion is theInstrumentized Phonograph."Instrumentized"Means that the Dalion is a Musical InstrumentNot a Machine.The Auto-File, another exclusive Dalion feature, always finds the record you want, because it makes it absosutely impossible to misfile a record, or for records to bescattered about the room.Come in to-day and let the Dalion talk, play and singfor itself. ,It's not too early to think about that Phonograph forChristmas.We also have the exclusive agency for the Patheand Crescentola Phonographs.BROOKS & SNAPP DRUG CO.Us':e ggjB ggB gg;To Be In FashionsPESSSPWl 'li'U'WWOMEN MUST REGISTER.Women who desire to vote forschool trustees and other offices,must register on Octoher 1, regularregistration day. Polls open fromsix a. m. to nine p. m.THESPIANS DECORATE GRAVEOP NOTED AUTHOR.Manager Charles H. Brooks, MissJane Ware, leading lady, Mr. W- J.Olio, leading man, and other members of the company, which played"The Trail' of The Lonesome Pine"at the Grand 'Opera House, in thiscity, Tuesday night, visited the ParisCeme'tery Wednesday, and laid beautiful floral offerings on the grave ofJohn Fox, Jr., the gifted authorwhose genius gave to the world thewonderful .story of "The Trail of TheLonesome Pine."ON INSPECTION TRIP.An inspection of the Lexington &Eastern division of the Louisville &Nashville, was made this week bySuperintendent J. A. Morrison, ofParis, who was accompanied oi thetrip, in his private car by the following officials: J. ,C. Nickerson,roadmaster; G. C. Sparks, trainmaster, and Aassistant SueprintendentWise, of Ravenna. The start wasmade at Winchester, and the entiredivision, .to Maloney, was .given athorough inspection. ' fc- 'X1XYou Must AcquireTho IVItf)L Fieri tfkcAnd unless you do it will be almost impossible torwear the frocks of the season. .Even though they gXiIXIXIXIXIX1Xseem loose arrd straight, the waists are round and thesleeves tight, and to harmonizewith these fashions, the corsetmust give the right foundation.A Warner is designed according to the new linesof fashion; that is with a slight curve at the waist,but varying in height above the waist, a very lowtype, not topless, mark you, but low top; or a slightlyhigher bust.A$k to see the new 5 --.,Warner corsetsThere is a model for your figure as there is a modelfor every figure, and it will shape according to thelatest dictates of fashion and with both health andcomfort.And please note that Warner's Cor-sets are guaranteed to M comfortablyand not to Rust, Break or Tear.PRICE $1.50 TO $5.00HARRY SIMON!X224W. Main St.Lexington, Ky.-?Main StreetParis, KyiEM3v.wmiv'As -0-i-i ..?I yr :v- - ..I- ,x -! -iSx , -y-I ';X - - .fV.THE BOUBBOBf NEWS, feAlU&, fefilJTOtoFRIDAY, OCTOBER 3, A91PAGE SIXmmmtmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmammm -hV!14Mrs14i-1iuJ3TEEL STRIKE SITATJTION REMAINS UNCHANGED.. ajtata,f )PITTSBURG, Oct. 2. The steelstrike situation in the Pittsburgdistrict remained virtually unchang-:ed Labor leaders advancedthe claim that the union's offensiveto extend the strike, launched Mon-iday. had met with success, whilerepresentatives of the employers de- JTiio1 fhic omnliatinallv nrtf enif? tllfl.f". V"CARRY ON"!xiicu luxd cwpuaiiv;aiij', auu ouiu i."i. ,their efforts to operate additionalplants Monday had been marked bythe return of many men to theirplaces in the mills.If Constipated, Biliousor Headachy, take"Cascarets"Hl..lltll.H.lltt,M,.jFeel grand! Be efficient! Don'tstay sick, bilious, headachy, constipated. Remove the liver and bowelThe offensive by the employers ; poison which is keeping your breathwill be' continued and for theremainder of the week, according tother representatives, and the opinionis freely expressed that before nextSunday 'plants which were forced toshut "down because of the strike willbe operating on full time.Strike leaders, countering thisoffensive, say they will keep a largeforce of union organizers in the fieldevery day, and will exert every effort to make the walkout more effective by bringing additional workersinto the "union.bad and your stomach sour. Whynot get a small box of Cascarets andenjoy the nicest, gentlest laxativecathartic you ever experienced?Cascarets never gripet sicken or inconvenience one like Salts, Oil, Calomel or harsh pills. Cascarets bringsunshine to cloudy minds and halfsick bodies. They work whHe yousleep. (adv)oOur observation is that when theyget plump they don't stop till theyget stout.OMAHA AEFAIR WORST IN HISTORY OF STATE.3ViiririBMi mn i it iHiiuajjiasnfhAxaeafiZBBEVlvjiC-r wfcLost-jfr.muchUsually in MoneyFrequently in Health2felLu.iS- 8 6B 111 IIis adeliciouscoffee-likeflavor.instantly in the cuprink, ofrnaaeIKSTANTPOSTUMA EEVERAGE'Jtuin Crntt Confi'fEconomical HealthfulNo Raise in Price50-cup tins 30c 100-cup tins 50cMade byPOSTUM CEREAL COMPANYBattle Creek, Mich.Sold by Grocers and General StoresMltltM It 1 1 II I I i fill ! MMMOMAHA, NEB., 09t. 2. With800 troops from Forts Omaha andCrook, Neb., and Camp Dodge, Iowa,on riot duty, Omaha officialsare confident that there wouldbe no further outbreak of therace rioting which Sunday resultedin the death of two persons, injuriesto several others, an attempt tolynch Mayor E R. Smith and partialdestruction by fire of the countycourt house;The troops have machine gunsready to put into use if necessary.The mob organized early Sundaywith the intention of demanding William Brown, a negro, who was in thecounty jail on a charge of attackinga white girl on the outskirts of theSmith was at the courthouse and went down to the crowdto appeal to law and order and someone shout "He's upholding the negro,lynch him," and a handy rope wasthrown about his neck. He wasdragged two blocks by the crazedmob before he was rescued by thepolice.In an unconscious condition he ,was removed to a hospital, where heregained consciousness late MondayThe Mayor was unable to give acoherent story of the mob's attackupon him He had been, on the roofof the VftUrtfioiise and had comedown to ask the mob to obey the lawwhen he was seized. The fire thatwas started in the courthouse leftthat structure a mass of ruins. Theproperty was valued at $1,500,000.The damage to records could notbe estimated Monday, but it is believed a number have been destroyed beyond reclamation. Statisticsvital to county affairs are believedto have been destroyed.The mob gained entrance to theburning building pushed past SheriffClark and his Deputies and forcedtheir way into the cell corridor. Hereit was that the negro was turnedover to them.Throwing a rope around his neckthese men, numbering about 50,dragged him to the ground floor,down stiffing stairways and throughblinding smoke to the street. Whenthey appeared at the Harney Streetentrance to the courthouse they weregreeted by a howling mob of thousands. 'rown practically was dead before his form was strung to the lightpole. Two bullets were fired intohis body as he was dragged throughthe crowd. He never was heard toutter a word, and he did not havean opportunity to speak before being hanged before the gaze of thousands. Brown's body was mutilated beyond recognition Riddled t a thousand bullets, it was placed first overa fire of tarred fagots. It was notpermitted to remain there long, however, and soon was being draggedthrough the strets at the end of arope pulled by 50 members of themob This spectacle did not end until late in the morning hours, whenwhat remained of the torso was hung-to a trolley pole at one of the mostimportant down-town intersections.The arrival of Federal troops causeda dispersal of the mob.CATARRH CANNOT BE CUREDI ZA mil I k 1 VmWmWM J'flM 'sJiOUUfsBJ WmW$$&ww3SmmmmmSmf II Wm mm m H m vll I unrnmTf JmmmmAmi&llmmammum 'itli flit iliiJllli MiiililnfflliMililliHnni uiillliuif"MfflnHnffl 'SrjHjEfi iflBBBI iHII IIIWllMlnllllWiilliiiHfflipaBWKMrnflMlmW .iillilliflllffi Jz ) k x n Vlffl'liflltmlHlUHmflTluMliyiniffllfrfJfllBlmllllMlHflinnmlBHifflyUlDlfflUUllDnilHllliUlinifflUlIflPP .jflTnTniinBiTnniiHnniiinininiHnilllininifnHifflTiHinmliHnffWnmiFjjffl ill IIbSIiiI 1 llMffl8iip iSAY, you'll have a streak of smokeluck that'llput pep-in-your-smokemotor, all right, if you'llring-in with a jimmy pipe or cigarette papers andnail some Prince Albert for packing!Just between ourselves, younever will wise-up to high-spot-smoke-joyuntil you can call a pipeby its first name, then, to hit thepeak-of-pleasure you land squareon that two-fisted-man-tobacco,Prince Albert !Well, sir, you'll be so all-firedhappy you'll wanftcTget a photograph of yourself breezing up thepike with your smokethrottle wideopen ! Talk about smoke-sport!Quality makes Prince Albert soappealing all along the smoke line.Men who never before couldsmoke a pipe and men who'vesmoked pipes for years all testifyto the delight it hands out! P. A,can't bite or parch! Both arecut out by our exclusive patentedprocess !Right now while the going'sgood you get out your old jimmypipe or the papers and land onsome P. A. for what ails yourparticular smokeappetite !.Copyright U19by R- J. ReynoldTobacco Co.The J- L Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMMRSParis Ky.Mainand SixthStreetsDay phone 36Nlsht s . . 56or Home 286You bay Prince Albert vryvehtf tobaeto it sold. Toppy rd bats,tidy red tins, handsome pound and htclf pound tin humidor and (,$-- that classy, practical pound crystal glass humidor with sponga-' moittsncr top that kesps the tohacco in such perfect condition,R J. Reynolds Tobacco Company, Winifon-Salem, N, C?CROIBERLAIN'S COUGHEDY.KEM-rMotor tquipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.awaaaaaakjaJuitii-i'i'm' ! an i'"''i'ii!BwyMiV 1 1 IIM1 Wfl't 'I K 1 1 1Wiith LOCAL APPLICATIONS, asthey cannot reach the seat of the disease. Catarrh is a local disease,greatly influenced by constitutionalconditions, and in order to cure ityou must take an internal remedy.Hall's Catarrh Medicine is taken internally and acts through the bloodon the mucous surfaces of the system. Hall's Catarrh Medicine wasprescribed by one of the best physicians in this county for years. Itis' composed of some of the best tonics known, combined with some ofthe best blood purifiers. The perfectcombination of the ingredients inHall's Catarrh Medicine is what produces such wonderful results in catarrhal conditions. Send for testimonials, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Props., Toledo, O.All Druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (oct-adv)oMankind Suspicious.The flesh of the shark is said tc resemble that of the sturgeon the fishthat "goes to the Caesar's dish," butits cannibalistic reputation, firmlyfixed in the popular mind, is againstIt. Man's dread of the gastronomicallyuntried is only equaled by his curiosity, which after all gets the better ofhis fears. Truly he was a brave manwho first swallowed a raw oyster.This remedy is intended especiallyfor coughs, colds, croup and whooping cough. From a small beginningits sale and use has extended to allparts of the United States and tomany foreign countries. This aloneis enough to convince one that it isa medicine of more than ordinarymerit. Give it a trial and you willfind this to be the case.(oct-adv)POCi VOOOOOOlsaIIGEOrW. DAVISPUNERAL DIRECTORMotor Equipment: BOTH. PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.AN AGKEEABLE SURPEISE.Xi:WOOD, STUBBS & COMPANY7 CUMULATIVE PREFERRED STOCKIfltend u to assets and dividends. Annual Sinking Fund pajnents ot10 C net earnings will be used to purchase Preferred Stock at not artrIIP aa accrued dividend. rWet aaxmlass for past three years have averaged over four times dividendiMftfrtrafteata on tnls stock.t Wet faick assets equal S1S1 per snare ou all Preferred Stock, and total netqmal W2M per snare.PRICE lOO. Special Circular on Request.JAMES C. WILLSON & CO.LOUISVILLE, KY."About three years ago when Iwas suffering from a severe cold onmy lungs and coughed most of thetime night -and day, I tried a bottleof Chamberlain's Cough Remedy andwas surprised at the promptnesswith which it gave me relief,"writes Mrs. James Brown, ClarkMills, N. Y. Many another has beensurprised and pleased with theprompt relief afforded by this remedy. (oct-adv)oAntiquity of the Jews.Armenian and Georgian historiansof southern Russia record that theJew had settled among them in remoteantiquity. They have evidence toprove that the children of Israel hadlived round the Black and Caspianseas prior to the destruction of theiirst temple 587 B. C. trading Snmules and horses with Acco, Tyre, Sidon and other Phoenician cities.rn li IfsinrOF I:HENDRICKS"THE SCREEN MAN"All Metal Window Screensand Weather StripsHIGGINS MANUFACTURING GO.MAKERS OFWINDOW EQUIPMENTMILLINERYFOR IMMEDIATEWEARTWIN BROS.Department Store7th and Main Paris, KyWhen you think of Window Screens and WeatherStrips, think of HENDRICKS.When vtfu think of Hendricks, think of WINDOWSCREENS Ind WEATHER STRIPS.His Name is T. A: HENDRICKSand he lives and has offices at264- Rand Ave., Lexington, Ky.Telephone 2585A card simply addressed to "Hendricks, the ScreenMan," will reach him, as he is the best known screen,man in Kentucky.Ninety-eight per cent, of the screens in Bourboncounty are Higgins Manufacturing Company make.Higgins Metal Screens and Strips are recognized asthe best by all good architects.HOMEKILLEDMEATSgsrssgyggggnuINDIGESTION, BJHUOSNESS, CONSTIPATION.Chamberlain's Tablets haye restored to health and happiness hundredswho were afflicted with indigestion,"biliousness and constipation. If youare troubled in this -way give hem..atrial. You are certain to be pleasedfor they will benefit you.r (oct-adv)Veal BeefPork LambIt's the BestTo Be HadMflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketSPECIALfernA FDetroit Jewel Steves, Rangesand FurnacesMr, S. E. Guinn, of the Detroit StoveWorks, is with us for a few days.Come in arid Jet him explain to youthe remarkable performances of theJewel Pipeless Erurnace and Combination Coal and Gas Ranges.GET A JEWELAND SAVE FUELw314 Main St.SPICERParis, KentuckyriJJIiinj'Ifl - '.- ITWnt J - iMmfjmtKWHHunnThe News lob Department is Always Busy'There's a Reason." Work Done Right !210 S. Fifth Street,.v VFRIDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1919THE BOTOBOlff HEWS, PABI5, ZEHTUCKY?AGET READYFOR "FLU"Seep Your Liver Active, YourSystem Purified and Free FromColds by Taking Oalotabs,tlie Nausealess CalomelTablets, that are De-: lightful, Safe andSure.Physicians and Druggists are advising their friends to keep their systemspnrified and their organs iu perfect-working order as a protection againstthe return of influenza. They knowxhat a clogged up system and a lazyliver favor colds, influenza and seriouscomplications.To cut short a cold overnight and toprevent serious complications take onoCalotab at bedtime with a swallow ofwatr that's all. Ko salts, no nausea,aio griping, no sickening after effects.Xext morning your cold has vanished,your liver is active, your system is purified and refreshed and you are feelingne with a hearty appetite for breakfast Eat what you please no danger.Calotabs are sold only in originalscaled packages, price thirty-five cents.Every druggist is authorized to refundyour money if you are not perfectlydelighted with Calotabs. (Adv.)TWO STATEMENTS FROM STEELSTRIKE MUDDLE.BETHLEHEM, PA.. Sept, 30. Thesecond day of the strike at the Bethlehem Steel Company's plant -broughtconflicting statements from the twosides to the controversy, union representatives claiming that 80 percent, of the men were out, and officials of the company declaring thatthe situation was satisfactory andthat all their plants were operatingvirtually at full capacity.Union leaders, after a meeting injAlentown late Monday night, saidj ttieir reports showed that three rolljing mills, the mechanical repair department ana Drass iounary werecompletely shut down and that witha few exceptions all other departments were seriously crippled. Theseleaders declared that many of theworkers who reported for duty Monday did so merely to get their toolsand that they would join the strikers' ranks.MILITARY FORCES IN CONTROLAT OMAHA.WILL YOTJ SAVE 50c ON RATSNAP TO SAVE $100?One 50c package can kill 50 rats.The average rat will rob you of $10a year in feed, chicks and propertydestruction. RAT-SNAP is deadly torats. Cremates after killing.Leaves no smell. Comes in cakes.Rats will pass up meat, grain,cheese to feast on RAT-SNAP. Threesizes, 25c, 50c, ?1.00. Sold andguaranteed by the Farmers' SupplyCompany.(oct-adv)Bourbon LaundryI DAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsI Telephone No. 4IWXXEmm warn.xWest Fifh StreetSATIRFAdTIDN.... x' OUR WATCHWORD! 1With all the latest improve- jments in laundry appliances Hand expert helpers we are jjjprepared to do work infe- jrior to none, and solicit xyour patronage.s The Bourbon Laundry-1XParis, KentuckyOMAHA, NEB., Oct. 2. Additonal military forces, eleven officersand 250 men from Camp Funston, jKansas, and twenty officers and 550 jmen from Camp Grant, Illinois,joined the Federal troops already onduty as a result of the race rioting ofSunday.Major General Leonard Wood, commander of the Central department ofthe army also arrived to take chargeof the military operations.The city was auiet during thenight and there was no signs oftrouble, a heavy rain serving to keeppeople off the streets.This fact was considered a greataid to the authorities, who had takenprecaution to guard against a freshoutbreak of Sunday's rioting, whichresulted in the lynching of a negro,the death of one white man, injuryto many others, heavy damage by fireto the county court house and an attempt on the part of a mob to lynchMayor Edward P. Smith.Reports received from the hospitalwhere Mayor Smith is confined as aresult of the injuries inflicted bythe mob were that his condition wasimproving.oPROHTEERING IN KENTUCKY."S?73-J)The investigation by the commission appointed by Governor Black, ofthe high cost of living in Kentuckyhas had at least one concrete result and that is proof that S. Thruston Ballard, Republican candidatefor Lieutenant Goveronr and millionaire miller, of Louisville, has beencharging the people of his homecity and State $1.10 a barrel morefor flour than the people of faraway Louisiana. It has been reported that, in addition to this discount given the people of New Orleans of $1.10 below the price he iswilling to sell flour "to the people ofLouisville, the Ballard Mills alsopay the freight on the flour to NewOrleans, which, as everybody knows,is quite some distance from Louisville, involving a freight rate ofhardly less than 50 . cents a barrel,though this paper has not naa .tnetime to look up that rate.If this is not profiteering with avengeance, .and with the people ofKentucky as i its victim, we shouldlike to know what it is,-and howmuch sincerity can be credited to theRepublican, party platform plank onthat question.so-iBe Different. ITry to find a better reason for your ,acts than "everybody does it." There !are follies in dress, absurdities in cus- jtorns, that-are defended on this ground jalways. The girl " who thinks It la 'proper to dress immodestly becauseher next-door neighbor does, has acirious code of propriety. Custom doesnot make a thing right or sensible.Grit. , ,Al ICJMllUN.! MiSick Women.i j- . j. i -i .u ao your auiy aunne tnese trvmg m - wstew Ttimes your health should be your firstconsideration. These two womentell how they found health.Hellam, Pa. "I took Lydia E. Pmkham's Vegetable Compound for female troubles and a displacement. I felt all run down and was very weak.I had been treated by a physician without results,so decided to give Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compounda trial, and felt better right away. I am keeping housesince last April and doing all my housework, where beforeI was unable to do any work. Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound is certainly the best medicine a woman cantake whenin this condition. I give you permission to publishthis letter." Mrs. E:B. Crtjmling, K. No. 1, Hellam, Pa.Lowell, Mich. "I suffered from cramps and draggingdown pains, was irregular and had female weakness anddisplacement. J began to take Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound which gave me relief at once and restored r& it II l'v!my health. I should like to recommend Lydia E. Pinkham's II Ilar way." Mrs. Elise HEnr,E.K"o. 6, Box83,Lowell,Mich.Why Not TryrvnTA r mwirwAiCrca ir mt in ii 1.1 mi jVEGETABLE COMPOUNDLYDIA E.P1NKHAM MEDICINE CO. LYNN. MASS.LJ'iNeedles Long in Use.Steel needles were found among theKaffirs in Africa, and elsewhere, sothat they may have had early aboriginal invention in more than one country.The earliest European eyed needleswere of bone and ivory, sometimes ofbronze. In 1370 steel needles werecertainly being made in Nuremburg,possibly in England also, though until1583 the raw material came fromSpain.CONSTIPATION.The beginning of almost every serious disorder is constipation. If youwant to enjoy good health keep yourbowels regular. This is best accomplished by proper diet and exercise,but sometimes a medicine is neededand when that is the case you willfind Chamberlain's Tablets are excellent. They are mild and gentle intheir action, easy and pleasant totake. Give them a trial. They onlycost a quarter.(oct-adv)A MAN AND HIS WIFEmay both derive satisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.j A phone brings ua.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40Home Phone 169?FINE FARM Of 110 ACRESNEAR, PARISAnd Desirable Brick Residence on Duncan Avenue, in ParisS33hr4 4 ?fe ' k '"rriiHiA: HI yATj(?O AUCTIONONTHURSDAY, OCT. 9, 1919Z-ls,yFarm Sale Begins at 10:30 a. m.JResilience to be sold at 2:30 d. m.Residence On Duncan Avenue,Having engaged in other business, and desiring to retire from farming, I will positively sell to the highest and best bidders, on the above date, my farm,taming IO acres or excellent Jand, and my two-story brick residence on Duncan Avenue, in Paris. Both sales will be conducted on their respective premisesabove date. FARM SALE COMMENCES AT 10:30 A. M. CITY RESIDENCE SOLD AT 2:30 P. M.con-on tneThis Excellent Farmcontaining 170 acres of splendid land, is located 3 miles southeast of Paris, onthe Clintonville pike, and has thereon a three-room frame cottage; a practically,new combined stock and tobacco barn with a capacity of 10 acres of tobacco.This barn is one of the best structures in the Blue Grass region, the basementbeing sufficiently large to feed 200 head of cattle, the barn being erected especially for that purpose, and stands on a native stone foundation. Attached theretois a concrete silo with a capacity of 280 tons. There is in this barn a never-failingwell that will water 200 head of stock in the dryest weather. Another nearlynew tobacco barn on this farm has a capacity of 12 acres of tobacco.This is one of the most desirable small farms in the county, has a never-failingsupply of water for man and beast from pools and cisterns, and is under goodfence. The locality is an ideal one, being surrounded by excellent neighbors,close to Paris and on a good macadam road. Gerdra Station, on the L. & N., islocated in the rear of the place.This is certainly a fine body of land and now has under cultivation 30 acresof corn, 12 acres of sorghum, 20 acres in rye, 40 acres of clover and the remainder in old bluegrass sod, every acre of which is fine tobacco land.This farm must be seen to be appreciated, and prospective buyers should notoverlook this opportunity to secure this very desirable close-in suburban home,near the best town in the South.TERMS Usual terms will be allowed on landnounced at each sale. For further -particularsThe Stately Residenceis located on Duncan Avenue, in Paris, and is one of the best built two-story brickhouses in this city. The house was erected by the late Mr. Jerry Duncan as ahome for his daughter, Mrs. J. K. Ford, and everything entering into the construction of this structure was built only of the best and most dependable materials. .Only recently this house has been newly papered, painted and put in excellent condition. There are 10 large rooms, two halls, well appointed bath roomtiled. All floors in the house laid with quartered oak. New and up-to-date brasselectric fixtures with the inverted light effect throughout. Has good dry cellarwith concrete floor, hot air furnace and the reliable Pittsburg instantaneousheater in the cellar always assures an unlimited supply of hot water .throughoutthe house at all hours. - Every room is equipped with gas grates.' The lot has a frontage of 100 feet on Duncan Avenue, the very best residence street in Paris, and has a depth of 237 feet. There is a garage and stableon the premises, besides the large garden and spacious front, side and backyards.This is certainly an up-to-the-minute modern home, located as it is in thevery best neighborhood in Paris, and prospective purchasers should call and. inspect this excellent property before the day of sale.and residence, details of which will be anapply toParis, Ky.GEO. D. SPEAKES, AuctioiMwrL. D. HARRIS, Manager-krI. D THOMPSONlM v -THE BOUBBON NEWS, PAEIS, KEHCTCKTFRIDATCOCTOB15B 3, 1913PA8X EIGHTbiS-Vfewil'iJ-nK"5&-rWTTTTCllQRTTOflDarnell continuesParker continuesMrs. Annaabout the same.Mr. "Williamabout the same.v Don't fail to see our line of nice.-shoes. Prices right at Caldwell's.Mr. and Mrs. S. E. Bruce, of Milnershurg, announce the marriage ofIheir daughter, Miss Mary Louise, toMr. James Patterson Lail, of Paris.Mr. G. W. Bramblette sold hisfarm, Monday, on the RuddlesMills pike, south of Millershurg, consisting of 64 acres, for ?17,130, toMr. Barnes, of Lair.The football teams of the M. M.X and the Lexington High School-will meet on the gridiron field at theM. M. I. to-morrow (Saturday) afternoon. Both teams are in finefighting trim, and an interestinggame is expected.The sale of the farm and personal property of the lateHenry Patterson was held on thepremises Wednesday. The personalproperty sold well. The farm consisting of 50 acres, was sold to Mr.F.O. Caldwell, at ?495 an acre.Master Billie Brown, son of Mr.and Mrs. W. M. Brown, came nearmeeting with a serious accident Sunday afternoon. While in the cemetery, he tilted a large urn, whichstruck one of his feet in falling,bruising it. He is doing nicely atthis writing.The protracted meeting, which,opened at the Presbyterian church.'Tuesday evening, and is conducted"by Dr. Thacker, is drawing large audiences. Song services are conductedby Mr. and Mrs. Armstrong, atfd areindeed pleasing. Dr. Thacker ispreaching good sermons, and is carrying his audiences with rapt attention wherever he leads.The women of the Methodistchurch gave a reception in thechurch building in honor of the newpastor, Rev. P. F. Adams, the youngwomen of the Millersburg Collegeand the cadets of the MillersburgMilitary Institute. The church was'beautifully decorated with potted-plants, goldenrod and the class colorsof the two colleges. A musical program was rendered and frappe wasserved to about two hundred guests.Mrs. Ada Miller and daughter.Miss Katherine Miller, left Tuesdayfor Birmingham, Ala., where theyv7-;il make their future home, withQfc. Miller's daughter, Mrs. A. J.Lamb. It is with many regrets thatwe give up these good ladies. Mrs.Miller, for many years was in chargeof Tia Art Studio of the M. F. C &ne-rand her daughter were both prominent factors in the Presbyterianchurch. She was the widow of thelate R. A. Miller, and her entiremarried life wTas spent in and around"Millersburg.Quite a number of changes havetaken place in the way of homes inthe past few days. Mr. G. L. Hilland family moved from rooms in thehome of Mrs. Mattie Hawes, to.rooms in the home of Mrs. W. M.Miller, vacated by Rev. J. D. Reddand family; Mr. and Mrs. M. M.Jones, from the property of Mrs.Anna Jefferson, recently purchased"by her from J. T. Judy, to a part ofthe home of Mr. and Mrs. T. E.Bowles; Miss Marguerite B. Clarkias given up her home, recently soldto Mrs. Bessie Caldwell, and hasstored her furniture, Mrs. Caldwellhaving moved to the same, from herliome in the Butler Addition.FALL SEEDSBest auality Northern GrownRosen Seed Rye, Less quan-1tity per acre. Yields more thanany other variety. Also have.highest quality Seed Wheat andTimothy Seed.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.-taugl9-tf)ELECTION CK)JOOSSI01IEH!r SELECT NOVEMBER ELECTIONOEETCERS.At a meeting of the election comrmissioners for. Bourbon County, heldMonday at the Court House, the following election officers for the November election were selected: (Precinct No 1. " ,Thomas Butler and William Good-loe, judges.L. B. Purnell, clerk.Winn Hutchcraf t, sheriff.Precinct No. 2.John Mattox and J. S. Gunn,judges.Joe P. Talbott, clerk.E. H. Gorey, sheriff.Precinct No. 3.Ullman Lancaster and R. P. Dow,judges; ...,.Hiram Redmon, clerk.James R. Stivers, sheriff.Precinct No. 4.C. J. Lancaster and H. T. Ingram,judges.O. T. Hinton, clerk.John C. Kane, sheriff.Precinct No. 5. .M. F. Kenney and Carl Williams,judges.Peal Collier, clerk.J. D. Shy, sheriff.Precinct No. 6.C. F. Redmon and J. H. Stivers,judges. .J. W. Thomas, clerk.C.'P. Mann, sheriff.Millersburg, Precinct No. 1.N. F. Collier and F. A. Herbert,judges.J,. S. Shoptaugh, clerk.John C. Leer, sheriff.Millersburg, Precinct No. 2.Alex Miller and James T. Jefferson, judges.John B. Vimont, clerk.Henry Bohn, sheriff.Flat Rock, Precinct No. 1.Houston Crouch and W. P. Thomas, judges.Ed. Thomason, clerk.F. F. Burris, sheriff.Flat Rock. Precinct No. 2.Frank Collins and W. C. Wells,judges.Forrest Dav. clerk.W. W. Kenney, sheriff.North Middletown, Precinct No. 1.Bert Rash and J. M. Murphy,judges.Davis Patrick, clerk.Roy McCray, sheriff.North Middletown, Precinct No. 2.Ben Woodford, Jr., and O. T. Wagoner, judges.W. R. Tuttle, clerk.J. Hal Woodford, sheriff.Clintonville, Precinct No. 1.Ray Cunningham and Sam Weathers, judges.S. L. Weathers, clerk.G. V. Shipp, sheriff.Clintonville, Precinct No. 2.I. D. Thompson and George Jones,judges.George Pepper, clerk.Frank Clay, sheriff.Centerville, Precinct No. 1.Vol Ferguson and J. H. Bell,i judges.D. Hume, clerk.H- C. Clifford, sheriff.rantrail1i Pmctlict No. 2.Newt. Smith and C. J. Doylejudges.Ewalt Haley, clerk.J. Miller Ward, sheriff.Ruddles Mills, Precinct No. 1.George Wyatt, Jr., and StrawtherMaharney, judges.I. O. Maharney, clerk,Al Roberts, sheriff.Ruddles Mills, Precinct No. 2.Steele Marsh and Wat Gifford,judges.Lindsey Hough, clerk.Roy Batterton, sheriff.Hutchison, Precinct No. 1.Frank Buchanan and J. W. Jacoby,judges.William Dudley, clerk.Guy Smith, sheriff.Hutchison, Precinct No. 2.Robert Adair and J. M. Brennan,judges.J. L. Horton, clerk.Charles White, sheriff. , -GRAND OPERA HOUSE nfiT RONE NIGHT s-i MONDAY UU I I UMONDAYALAMO and GRANDToday, FridayELSIE FEPSONIN"A Society Exile"Also Anne Luther and CharlesHutchison in"The Great Gamble"ADMISSIONAdults 18c plus 2c war tax 20cChildren and Gallery9c plus lc war tax 10cALAMO GRANDAfternoon NightTOMORROW(SATURDAY)THE GREAT .NAZI M OVA"OUT OFTHE FOG"ADMISSIONAdults 31c plus 3c war tax. .35cChildren and Gallery22c plus 3c war tax 25cALAMOSaturday Night OnlyAnita StewartIN"Shadows of the Past"Also Cristie Comedy"WELCOME HOME"ADMISSIONAdults 18c plus 2c war tax 20cChildren 9c plus lc war tax 10cAlamo' Afternoon and NigktMonday, October 6thWm. FarnumIN"The Redemptionof David Carson"Also Mack Scnnttt Comedy"No Mother to Guide Him"And Holmes Travel Picture.ADMISSION "Adults 18c plus 2c war tax 28cChildren 9c plus lc war tax !.Grand Opera House, Paris, Friday, Oct. 10Prices 50c, 75c, $1.00, $1.50, $2.00 and War Tax. Seats Tuesday at Box Office.i JOHN CORT PRESENTS THE SEASON'S) SENSTXON& SUCCESSi -B kmm m H lH BH B '9mmmmmmmm mBr ,H 'BtHMBIIIIIIIIIIIIIIVAND HER PERFECT 3:6a"eHgRUS j40-People -40Broadway Caat of Players and Beauty Chorus; Captivating Music. Lots of Laughs. Stunning Gowns. CarLoad of Special Scenery.A TYPICAL JOHN CORT PRODUCTION!ORCHESTRACARRIED BY THE COMPANYi a 2vS39b8bbbbbbHBgBBWMMBBBllBMWBBBBBBBBBBMBBBBl B 1 I "P A 'Ik BBBBBbIiBBBBHbBHBIhBBJHHTHE MINSTREL EVENT OF THE SEASON!!?bS!2 Charley Gano4 mm a uru nr-ww-w. ....... ...'"'"tn dc i i civ i nan tvtK ALL WHITESEATS NOW ON SALE PRICES 55c 83c AND $1-10AT ALAMO THEATRE (War Tax Included)$90,000: STAKESAND$t . iniHSESiEXINGTOHSept. 29TOOct. 10BAND CONCERT AT LEXINGTON,SUNDAY AFTERNOONThrough thecourtesy of PresidentEd. A. Tipton of the KentuckyTrotting Horse Breeders' Association,the Royal Scotch Highlanders' ? Bandhas been secued for a concert at theAuditorium, in Lexington, at 3o'clock Sunday aftenopn for the benefit of the Children's Home. The !band is playing this week at thetrots and is one of the best musicalorganizations of its kind in theworld. The admission for the concert Sunday afternoon is. only 25cents, and it is expected the attendance will be large. At present thereare fifty children in the Children'sHome and the proceeds of the concert will go for their benefit.OPAY DAY FOR TEACHERS3Provided they have their completereports in his office by "Wednesday,October 8, teachers of the countyschools will be paid on k Saturday,October 11, according to announcement made by County Superintendentof Schools J. B. Caywood.Superintendent Caywood calls theattention of the people of the Center-Hilland Millersburg school districts to the fact that a special election will be held to-morrow, Saturday, October 4, in their districts, forthe purpose of taking the sense of thevoters on the matter of imposing aspecial school tax of twenty-five centson the $100 worth of taxable property listed for State and county purpdses. State Supervisor of Hural SchoolsGeorge Evans Barnes, of Frankfort,was in the county Wednesday andpaid an official visit of inspection tgthe schools at Little Rock.B-4 TBREInsure withW.O. HINTON &SON,AgtsoTENANT HOUSE BURNEDThe explosion of a coal oil stoveat the home of Mr. Breck Harney,near Mt. Carmel, in this county,started a blaze which destroyed theplace, together with its contents.The house was located on what isknown at the Matt Lair farm, nearMt. Carmel. The loss on the house',a two-story frame, is partly coveredby insurance, but the contents Wereuninsured.Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanoSCHOOL SHOES READY FOR 'BOYSAND GIRLS.School season has just opened up,and we are ready to show you nowthe biggest and best assortment ofshoes ever shown. , a(19-tf) FELD!S SHOE STORE.Opening DisplayNEW FALL BOOTSGreatest selections of most magnificent Fall Foot-wearwe have ever offered. Superior in everydetail of quality and style, we have marked pricesthat must be a strong incentive to buy now.BE CORRECTLY SHOD!See the Hew models,compare prices, and. the big savings affordedwill surely make itworth your attention.JIDBiigggiSps'(DieflLadies' soft, smooth-fitting: Kid, in (hi nrblack and brown, Louis or Cuban I Unheel, W.-O. and other best makes. . .1)1 1 illUMen's Walk-Over, dark tan, madeon the English or other lasts" foryour fit, at7.95School Shoes For Boys and GirlsWear-Resisting, Stylish Shoes at Prices FarLess Than They Can Be Made.DON'T MISS THIS OPPORTUNITY. Have the children properly shodfor school with a pair of these gcod looking and serviceable shoes. Seethem and compare prices.Growing Girls' Mahogany Tan Eng. &a neShoes'at $f.TOSsf0'o?saalTfn,'. $4.00 and $3.49Misses' Gun Metal English Boots djo jqMisses' and Children's Gun Metal 9 jaBoots at w $WMen's Mahogany Tan English r nCShoes at : iDtiJDlhysshoSkatT?n. .Efg:.$3.49 and $4.50Boys' Gun Metal English Shoes o jnBoys' Gun Metal La"ce Shoes qqDAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe Store Where Beauty and Economy Reign;Siv v:t-..' n te.rir am i ifiiipjLi&iF''-' Jiaai?L vf.te!r - - Lv.i. isiVi awft- " T' ?&x, v