VT;'ijfcVr'I'tiststt'KrlPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRT-VY IN THE YEAR.'TXkVOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1919THEBOURBONNEWSSEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSMrs. M. O. 'Carpenter, formerly ofBourbon county, now residing inPasadena, Cali., sold her farm -of100 acres, located on the HarrodsCreek pike, in this county, to Mr.Redmon Talbott, of near North Middletow.n, .for a private price. Possession March 1.In the real estate notes in yesterday's Lexington Herald appears thefollowing mysterious item: "A veryhandsome home on the Nicholasvilleroad has been sold to a party fromBourbon county. The names of boththe buyer and the seller are withheld by request."Auctioneer George D. Speakes soldaut public auction for Mr. AaronFowler, the residence, blacksmithshop and about three acres of land,located on the Clintonville pike, nearClintonville, to Mr. Kelly Haley, ofthat iilace, for ?3,150.Caywood & McClintock sold to Mr.Charles Peddicord, of this city, eighteen acres of unimproved land, located on the Clintonville pike, nearParis, for $450 an acre. Mr. Peddicord will get possession of the farmon. March 1, and will cultivate it intobacco this season.Mr. Noah Gray, of this county, haspurchased a 218-acre fartn in Spencer county, near the farm of Mr.Henry Clay, formerly of Paris, for530,000. Mr. and Mrs. Gray havemoved to the farm, whiah is nicelyimproved, containing a handsomebrick residence, tobacco and stockbarns, etc.As agents for Mr. Japnes Chambers, of Cincinnati, formerly of Paris,Harris & Speakes sold at public auction on the premises Saturday theunimproved farm belonging to Mr.Chambers, located on the- Maysvillepike, near Paris. The purchaserwa3 Mr. Wm. Flora, of Nicholascounty, who paid $276.75 an acrefor. the place. Possession will begiven on March 1.The Al Wagoner farm of 234acres was sold at public sale Saturday by Eals & Harney, f Cyntiana,Mr. Harney acting in the capacftyofauctioneer in the absence of GeorgeD. Speakes, of Paris, who could notget there in time. The farm, whichis located on the Paris and Cyathiana pike, was sold first -in threeMEETING OF COUNTY ROAD ENGINEERS AT LEXINGTON.The fifth annual short course inHighway Engineering opened yesterday m the Civil Engineering!Duuaing, university of Kentucky, atLexington, and two sessions will beheld daily until Friday afternoon,when the roads and streets of Lexington and Fayette county will beinspected. No fee will be. chargedmen taking the course and the public is invited to all lectures. Fullyequipped laboratories for the testingof rock, sand, cement, brick, asphaltand orad oils have been installed andwork will be in progress in theselaboratories every afternoon.One of the principal topics for discussion on yesterday's program was"Grade Crossings With Railroads;Their Treatment From An Engineering Point of View," conducted by T.B. Smith, Division Engineer, Frankfort. County Road Engineer Ben F.Bedford, of Bourbon county, participated in the discussion of the subject.TOBACCO MARKETStracts and then in two tracts. Thepurchasers were J. O. Ralls, of Millersburg, who bought the improvedtract of 148 acres for $336 an acre.Mr, Chas. T. Eals, of Cynthiana, purchased the unimproved tract of;ighty-six acres, located on the Clayand Kiser pike, for $290 an acre.Harris & Speakes sold at publicale on the premises Saturday oneundred and forty-one acres of unmproved land, part of the Amos""urney, Sr., faipn, belonging to Mrs.3zekiel Arnold, of Newport, for5305.75 an acre. Purchasers werelulian Frank, and Mr. and Mrs. Al-verson.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney soldpublicly Saturday at the court housedoor in this city for Dr. J. A. Gilkey,about fifteen acres of unJ)nprovedland, located on the Paris andGeorgetown pike, just outside of thecity limits, to John M. Stuart, ofParis, for $400 per acre. He alsosold at the same time and place forDr. Gilkey a tract containing sevenacres of land, located on Howard'sLane, opposite the residence of Mrs.Nellie S. Highland, to FillmoreShumate, for $5,050.-The Paris Realty Co. sold Fridayfor H. C. Mann, a two-story frameresidence on South High street, formerly known as the Stamfer property, to Mr., and Mrs. Patton, ofBourbon county, 'or a reported priceof $4,500,The Paris tobacco market duringthe past week was strong and active and high prices ruled. Theweek's sales amounted to 787,250pounds, for which a money value of$371,080.89 was realized. The market closed Friday with prices higherthan on any day of the week, bothhouses averaging above the $50.00mark. For the season Paris has soldmore than a million pounds of tobacco above that of last season todate, and for a money value aljmostdouble. The-total sales for bothhouses for the season amounted to,9,718,720 pounds, which brought amoney consideration of $4,153,623.39, making a combined ."average forthe season of $42.73. Of this amountthe Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCompany sold 6,595,335 pounds for$2,830,348.73, an average of $42.81,and the Independent Company sold3,096,400 pounds for $1,323,813.38,an average of $42.76.FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSWe Are Now ShowingEarly Spring ModelsINEVENING DRESSESDINNER DRESSESSPRING SUITS' SPRING COATSThe Bourbon Tobacco Warehousesold at its sale yesterday 61, 870pounds of tobacco for $29,276.80, anaverage of $47.31. The marketshowed a lower tendency on mediumand cqmjmon grades. Good tobaccowas steady. The sale at the ParisHouse was blocked. Some- of thebest crop averages at tiie sale held atthe Bourbon house follow:Dalzell & Burr, 4,845 pounds, average $51.81.Woodford & Tarr, 2,435 pounds,average $61.75.Clark & Ishmael, 2,645 pounds,average $56; 4 6.Y. B. & W. C. Laughlin, 3,570pounds, average $58.01.Robertson & Laughlin, 3,825pounds, average $33.34.Ferguson. & Jarvers, 3,605 pounds,average $46.59.Reffitt & Hfcks,' 2,740 pounds, average $49.71.Marr & Humphrey, 2,910 pounds,average $39.92.Henry Shannon, 1,845 pounds, average $37.18.Wallace Shannon, 7,395 pounds,average $50.03.J. W. Connell & Laughfelt, 1,755pounds, average $63.46.Stewart & Snapp, 3,090 pounds,average $50.61.Ritchie & Barnes, 3,090 pounds,average SIC. 5 6.PAKIS TAKES BOTH GAMES PROMMAYSVILLE HIGH(eVrDolmansI.:. Gapes .: ,:vv.Gepe de Chene and Voile Blbusesand- Skirts vh-ftFRANK & CO.LADIES'-j.-nrj'BESi .jeeaiarf &&&PARIS PEOPLE INJURED AT"DEAD MAN'S CURVE.""Deathman's Curve- on A&e -Paris-and Lexington pike, was the sceneof another serious automobile accident Sunday afternoon, when thetouring car in which Mr. and Mrs.J. D. Alexander, of Paris, were riding "turned turtle."Mr. and Mrs. Alexander werecoming to Paris, moving scfne oftheir household goods when theright rear tire of their machine ranoff, throwing the car violentlyagainst the L. & N. railway abutment, severely injuring Mrs. Alexander. Mr. Alexander sustained onlyminor cuts and bruises. Both weretaken to St. Joseph's Hospital, inLexington, where they were reportedyesterday as doing very nicely under the circumstances. Mrs. Alexander sustained a broken collar bone,but was not seriously injured.Mr. Alexander is connected withthe C. S. Ball Garage at Paris, having come there very recently fromLexington. The car he was drivingat the time of the accident belongedto the Ball Garage. The car wasbadly dajmaged.oBEST QUALITY SEEDS.' Highest quality Red Clover,Alslke, Timothy, Seed Oat;,Cotton Seed Meal.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(feb-14-tf)BOURBON COUNTY OIL COMPANYSTRIKES "GASSER" WELL.The Bourbon Oil and DevelopmentCompany brought in a gasser of somesize at their No. 2 Millie Freemanlease, in Estill county. This is thethirteenth well completed on theFreeman tract and is the first gasser.It is said the well will furnish gassufficient to supply fuel for the company's ciimp, and. possibly also thewater pumping -plant on StationCamp Creek, now run by oil. Ie isclaimed this well,' which is on thenorth end of the lease, is .too, highup the structure for oil, and the comrpany will move its rig some distancesouth.DON'T DO ANYTHING UNTILYOU SEE US.Do not buy anything In. theClothing lint until you get myprices.L. WOLLSTEIN,tf Clothing Department.Paris High closed its basket ballseason at home Friday night withtwo great games. Maysville had comewith the idea that they were goingto walk off with the prize withoutmuch trouble. Instead they hadtroubles enough to worry them forseveral hours, and left the prize in-fans, jA large and enthusiastic audiencewitnessed the games and. from themoment the referee's whistle firstblew the air was charged with "pep."The members of the Paris team weremindful of the games at Maysvilleand were determined there shouldber no doubt as to who the victorswere this time. The girls' lineup wasthe same as" before and every ,girlplayed to win. From the beginningthe odds w;ere in favor of Paris, forthat quintette never stopped fightinga minute. The work of each onestood out as individual and yet each.recognized the fact that there werefour others on the team. Miss Baldwin at center covered the whole floornever letting her opponent morethan "a iew inches away from her; infact she even fell on the floor everytime the Maysville center did, whichseemed quite frequent to the spectators. The two forwards, Misses Elder and Harper, were constantly atthe righUplace at the right time.When the ball got in Paris' territorythe score-keeper could safely putdown two points. Maysville wasquite proud of her guards, but shewill have to produce better ones tokeep the ball away from Ruby andEdith. Misses McClintock and Alexander, as guards, forced the visiting forwards to play a defensive,rather than the usual offensive game.On the rare occasions when Maysville did v Have the ball it as soonrecovered by one of these girls, fleetof foot, quick of eye and enternallyon the job. The final score was 18 to6 in favor of Paris. Three timeswhat they made, did you say? Yes,and the referee and everybody elseknew we had won it, nothing wasgiven to us.The score for the boy's game, atMaysville had been tied, so it wasof great concern to those interestedin high school athletics to settle forall tipne which school had the better team. The second team startedthe game and let Maysville makenine points before they scored. Thiswas by way of encouragement andthey -needed it before they werethrough. . After about ten minutes,tho first team went in. and, bang!bang! things began to happen. Ricetipped the ball toward the goal,Roberts cought it, passed it to Tuck-,e.iyho. threw it to Mclntyre, and heshf5t' u'T It-was brought back tocenter and the operation was repeated with 4 slight variations. Everyman on the team played for a record,and yet the whole team was- markedby splendid team-work. Dundon atguard, played the whole gapne andwas "right there." Tucker coveredso much territory that he wouldhave broken a pedometer if he hadworn one. Roberts did not have achance to play at Maysville becauseof his shoulder. He opened his bagof .tricks and showed them to hisopponent one by one. Mclntyre maybe little, but he .has. big ideas, andhe kept his guard vainly hoppingaround until the poor man was outof breath. Rice played the best gamehe has played this season and thatis saying a whole lot.The score was 25 to 15 when theAnal whistle blew'. Dr. Tunghauseracted as referee and Paris was indeed'fortunate to have him. The lastgirls' game at which he- officiatedwas. at Cornell College and he knewhis business from start to finish. Itis indeed gratfying to know thatParis appreciated the value of highstandards for athletics. Associationrules make for these nnd the difference of management and conduct ofthe games played with associationmembers and those who are not isvery noticeable. Maysville does notbelong to the association and wewould advise her to get in.THE KINBERaAETEN ENTER- JPLANS PERFECTED ROR SOL-TAINMEirr A GREATSUCCESS.The Kindergarten entertairfmentgiven at the City School Thursdayevening, Feb. 20, under the directionof Miss Ellen Blanding, was a pronounced success in every way.The complete returns from tickets sold show the gross receipts tobe $97.25. This entertainment wasgiven for the benefit of the Kindergarten Department of the CitySchool.Miss Virginia Slade,, of Lexington was the reader of the evening,and no reader has appeared on aParis stage in recent years, whoproved more attractive and entertaining. Miss Slade will- always begreeted by a packed house when shereturns to Paris.Miss Ellen Blanding, tho directorof music at the City School and theorganizer of the Kindergarten Department, sang a group of Kindergarten songs, and as encores, sang"Spring's Awakening" and "LittleGray Dove." Miss Blanding is one oftheMnost attractive singers in theBlue Grass section of the State, anddelighted her audience with her selections in this entertainment.Miss Elizabeth Crutcher presidedat the piano and put an artistictouch to the entire evening's program. Miss Crutcher is popular andalways appreciated by a Paris audience and her work on this programwas highly appreciated.The Kindergarten children gave aplay, a game, a song, and a yell,which, were very .much enjoyed byeveryone. The Kindergarten isgrowing so rapidly that more andmore equipment will .have to be provided at once. It was the plan of theschool when the Kindergarten wasorganized January 1, to take onlytwelve children this session, but somany applications have came in thatarrangements were Jtnade to take another twelve. That number was soonfilled and now arrangements havebeen made for another twelve. Todate, February 24, twenty-nine children have entered the department,with several other applications infor consideration.Parents interested in this department are requested to visit theschool Monday, Wednesday or Fri-day afternoons from 1:00 to 3:00,BIERS' MEMORIAL "DRIVE"Mr. James M. Caldwell was. selectedas County Chairman of the cominboldiers Memorial Drive, at an adjourned meeting held at the CourtHouse Wednesday evening. jThe meeting Wednesday eveningwas presided over by Mr. Johm TCollins, with Mr. Rudolph Dava.Secretary. 'Matters pertaining to the cominrdrive were atken up and fully discussed. Chairman Collins appointed a Committee to select Chairmen of the different Precincts in the County, andCommitteemen to assist the Chairmen,in the coming drive. After this Committee had reported and submittedtheir list of names for Precinct Committeemen the election of a Chairmanto direct the Drive resulted in tfcselection of Mr. James M. Caldwellto head the coming Drive.It was decided to call all PrecinctChairmen and the members of theirCommittees together for anotfcermeeting and it was decided to holdthis meeting -next Tuesday eveninr,February 25, at 7:30 o'clock, at theCounty Court House.Each Precinct Chairman is requested to attend this meeting and havepresent all of their Committeemen,or as many as can possibly attend; asit is necessary that the men who artto conduct the Drive in the County bepresent and decide definitely on aprogram to be pursued. At the meeting February 25, a date for the BigDrive will also be decided upon.Let every Precinct Chairman andCommitteemen make it a point to attend the meeting at the Court HouseTuesday evening, so that the actual(Continued on Page 7)-o-PARIS GIRL TAKES TOW POSITION IN WASHINGTONMiss Nell Whaley, of this city, whohas been instructor of Latin at Hamilton College, for some tfrne, received a telgram from .Washington Citya few days ago, offering her a splen"-'did position in the U. S. GovernmentDepartjment. Miss Whaley has resigned her position at Hamilton College and has gone to WashingtonCity to assume the duties of her new iposition.HNE COWS AT AUCTION.A number of fine cows of Tmvp.n-worth, 'will be included in the saleto be held by Mr. M. B. Lovell. Attend the sale and get a good animalfrom the best cows in the country.Read the big ad in THE NEWS.George D. Speakes and M. F. Kenney, Auctioneers.PLORIDA HAS NOTHING HUCHONUS!If Florida has any finer weatherthan Paris and vicinity experiencedyesterday it would be hard to imagine. Bright, warm sunshine madethe day very enjoyable after the disagreeable weather of the past fewdays.This information is given for thebenefit of .the Bourbon county goV .journers in the Floridian ' climate,who may think old Kentucky issmothered under a blanket of. snowand ice, as is usual in February andMarch. Surely is some fine weather.j with prospects for a continuance.IMPORTANT SCHOOL- MEETINGk' Miss Mattie Gardner, of Frankfort,National Organizer of . the Parents-.Teacher's Association, will deliver anaddress at' the Spears Mill school onThursday afternoon February 27, at itwo o'clock.Let everyone ' interested in theschool and community be sure to- attend'; v The ' public'' is. cordially invited. -' '-S4' . - 'AT THE ALAMO AND THE PARISGRAND.To-day, Tuesday, February 25."The Old Homestead," made famousby the late Denman Thompson; CarolHollbway and Antonio Moreno, in I"The Iron Test;" Pathe Cojmedy.To-morrow, Wednesday, February26 Private Harold Peat, in "Private Peat;" Big V Comedy, "Submarines and simps:" -aramounijPictograph.Thursday, February 27 NormaTalmadge, in: "The Forbidden City;"Screen ' Telegram; Lyons-MoranComedy.Select musical program at eachhouse by the Edward Van LeeuweeOrchestra.t oCLARK REALTY CO.- MOVESOPFICE TO COURT HOUSE. -Mr. -Walter Clark has moved hisreal estate' office. tosthe County TaxCommissioner's office in the basementof the Court House, where he is nowopen and ready for business.The Clark Real Estate Agencyhave on their lists a number of 'verydesirable Bourbon farms, that theywill sell at attractive prices. Likewise they have many desirable houses and lots in Paris for sale at reasonable prices. Possession on manyof- these properties can be had onMarch 1-, 1919.If you contemplate moving toParis see Mr. Clark and buy a townhouse. You can sell later at a profitand .save the rent. Call in and lookover bur-'liBts.r- CLAK REALTY CO., .C4-tf) . PariB, Ky.WE KNOW HOWDon'tExperimentwithHats!RITICAL DRESSERS find our new ttylerinStetson Hats just what they have in mindand you are sure of Stetson, values, as vouknow we carry a representative line of Hats ofdifferent makes and a fine range of prices.We EmphasizeStetson Hatsgive youbecause the tendency is all toward higher pricedhats and we want you to know we cansound valuesDrop in the next time youre passing by and let usshow you these Hats.$6.00 to $10,00yMITCHELL & BLAKEMORENettleton ShoesDr. Reed's Cushion Sole Shoes. Manhattan Shirtsa-vI , Stetson Hats'---"' '!-... . Me"..-i -j. hI.rWJ- vs v- Vr EA&E TWOTHE BOUBSOK HEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1919.IHE BOURBON NEWSIitablished 188137 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and EridayPer Year. .$2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Adavance.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(atered at tie Paris, Kentucky,Foetofflce as Mail Matter of theSecond Clase.)Any erroneous reflection upon thetftaraoter, standing or reputation ofany person, firm or corporation whichpaay appear In the columns of THEBOURBON NEWS will be gladly corrected It brought to attention of theiitor.. ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perlack, for first time; 50 cents per inchach subsequent insertion.Reading Notices,. 10 cents per lineoach Issue; reading notices in blacktn$$iK cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisesaents and yearly contracts. ,The right of publisher Is reseivedt decline any advertisement or otheraiatter for publication.Announcements for political officesxast invariably be accompanied bythe cash.EDITORIAL MUSINGS.I About Chasing "Chickens.""Times have certainly changed,and the boys have changed withthem' remarked an old-time Parisbusiness man to THE NEWS man afew. days ago. "Twenty years ago aboy was willing to spend a year,scfaietime.3 .perhaps three years, learnii. k a trade. Do you see them doingV nt now? Not much, sir. A ladstnkea you to-day for a job, and ifyon suggest that he work a week ora month for fair wages, he will giveyou the laugh. He must have workman's wages from the very first timeKe takes "off his hat or cap when hecomes to your place. Half the timehe doesn't even do that, but he loafsaround,, the store or if you shouldhappen to want him very particularly' you would as likely aa not findhfm. in one of the Main street poolrooms with a cigarette in his faceaadL spending his tne there. Hemight get a $1.50 a day . washingyour windows or carrying the ashesfrom- your cellar so what is the useof wasting time in learning a trade?"There is hardly a business in Paris,Ky to-day that isn't yearning forone pf those old-fashioned boys whowill' treat his elders with politenessand take an interest in the work beyond waiting for the clock to markthe quitting time. It's Saturday afternoon off and double' pay for everyminute overtime. He doesn't wantto learn the business. He merelywants a convenient vehicle for "getting by," as he expresses it. He hashq mbition to own the business forhjtoself some day. He makes fun ofdull old Paris and hikes to someother larger place at every opportunltyfc He can't see the dear littlegirl next door -who helps her mother,bst he.-nishes to-Iiexington, Louisville or some- -other large city tochase a ''skirt."-The best girls on this old earthare- right here about hfrn; girls thatare growing up to make true and noble-women;but he chases the "chickess" of the city streets. "There isnothing to keep me here," he wails,so the poor little boob wastes histime, his- money, and his strengthtrying to be a -"regular sport," a tinhorn rounder, a "regular twelveo'clock feller"- in Lexington. .To greet your neighbors with aclear eye. and to owe no man anything; to' build a homo for the girlyou. went to school with, and to sitwith your feet under your own table, occasionally adding a new leaffor the new member of the familywho sits in a high chair and putsbread and milk Into his nose andeyes, is something worth while.-Stick to Paris and to mother andto the girls who smile at you onib streets of Paris, and let the Lexington "skirts" "find consolation intheir own circles. There's nothingis. chasing the "chickens" except thetrouble and there is very little goodtim in having trouble at any time.Call it off, boys, and make your bestbws P ,the good little girls of the"beet little old town on earth. Paris,Kentucky.Americanization.-The Department of Education atlushimgton is .pressing its workthroughput tne country to Americaniwe foreign born. The effort is persiaUat to break up those communi' ties that conduct their affairs in foreign tongues. The war put 483 Ger-.man newspers out of business andt&sse papers reached three millionyi.'-r ? aWCriDer5 . aay. vxoniufc nrvo cue. , - J . A -... TCt V.-VTpefuatiag the custom of the parentaiou But in our antipathy and41lrust of Germany we should notarlook the fact thit ten millionpapers in foreign languages are circulated in America every week.There were approximately 33,000,000 people in this country in1910 who were either born abroad orunder foreign home conditions andneighborhood environment. In allthere are thirty-eight different longuage groups in the United States., The war has brought the acid test to(millions of these people, and most of, them have proved loyal. But the1 troubles with the disloyal ones makeit very plain that the bonds should,be drawn very tight, and American: ization must become an accomplishedfact rather than an ideal.oWANT DREADNATOHT NAMEDFOE STATE OF KENTUCKY.The Louisville Merchants' andManufacturers' Association has addressed a letter to the Kentucky delegation in Congress calling uponthem to support a plan for makingthe name of Kentucky more prominent in the navy by means of naningone of the proposed new dreadnaughts after the State of Kentucky.The letter in part follows:"The old battleship 'Kentucky,'once the pride of the navy, is now soinconspicious that her name washardly ever mentioned during thewar, although, we believe, she was inthe Mediterranean during some partof it, and probably within the largenew battleships that it is dismantledand sold for scrap."In the new naval program one ofthe large new battleships that it isproposed shall be built should bearthe napne 'Kentucky.'"A State which has for so longheld a foremost place in the Unionfor its loyalty and patriotism, andwhich has devoted itself so consistently to the winning of the war, andwhich has sent so many of its sonsInto the navy during the past twoyears, should, we think, receive better recognition, and we, therefore,ask that you join and use your influence with other members of the Kentucky delegation in the Senate andHouse of Representatives to securethis favor from the government."oPOSTOFFICE DEPARTMENT READJUSTS LOCAL CARRIERROUTES.Postmaster J. Walter Payne hasannounced a readjustment of the citydelivery service, which will give toall sections of the city, with the exception of Ruckerville and Claysville,colored suburbs; two deliveries eachday, instead of one as heretofore.This arrangement has been underconsideration for several weeks bythe Postoffice Department at Washington, and the local office.In order to make possible thedouble service four new receivingpoints for mail have been establishedwhich will be supplied by rural carriers as they leave the city. CityCarrier Route No. 1 will be served byThos. Whaley, rural carrier on routeNo. 5, who will leave the mail atThird and Main streets. City RouteNo. 3 will be supplied by Allie Rowland, carrier on rural route No. 6,who will deposit mail at the cornerof Second and Chaplin street, CityRoute No. 2 has been granted astreet car allowance, the carrier covering the southern section of tnecity. City Route No. 4 will be supplied by Ollie Hedges, carrier onrural route No. 8, who will depositmail at the corner of Fourteenth andMain streets.Postmaster Payne urges all residents of the city who receive theirmail by the city carriers to put upmail boxes and to have their housesnumbered in accordance with theprovisions of the ordinance passedsome years ago by the City Counciland to confonm with the requirements of the Postoffice Department.If not, their mail will be left in. thegeneral delivery at the local officeand will have to becalled for there,as there is no alternative under therules and regulations of the Department. Mail deposited on Mainstreet from the Windsor Hotel toEighth street will be gathered upby the carriers four times each day,6:30 a. fri., 9:00 .a, m., 1:00 p. m.and 7:00 p. m.oDON'T DELAY.Some Paris People Have LearnedThat Neglect is Dangerous.The slightest symptom of kidneytrouble is far too serious to be overlooked. It's the small, neglectedtroubles that so often lead to seriouskidney aliments. That pain in the"small" of your back; that urinaryirregularity; those headaches anddizzy spells; that weak, weary wornout feeling, may be nature's warningof kidney weakness. Why risk yourlife by neglecting these symptoms?Reach the cause of the trouble whilethere is time begin treating yourkidneys at once with a tried andproven kidney remedy. No need toexperiment Doan's Kidney Pillshave been successfully used In thousands of cases of kidney trouble forover 50 years. Doan's Kidney Pillsare used and recommended throughout the cizilized world. Endorsed athome. Read Paris testimony.Mrs. A. L. Burley, 329 Eighth St.,says: "I have used Doan's KidneyPills, getting them from the ArderyDrug Co., and from the benefit I received, I certainly think they are agood, reliable remedy. Whenevermy kidneys have acted irregularlyor my back has been weak and lame,I have used a box or so of Doan'sKidney Pills. They have always relieved me of the complaint."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Burley had. Poster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.Ever notice that the more timesa man gets married the less sensehe seems to use in picking a wife?Funny how things disappear.How long has it been since you sawan old-fashioned pug dog?.UPSET STOMACHPape's Diapepsin at Once EndsSourness, Gas, Acidity,Indigestion.Don't stay upset! When mealsdon't fit and you belch gas, acidsand undigested food. When you feellumps of indigestion pain, flattulenceheartburn or headache you can getinstant relief.No waiting! Pape's Diapepsinwill put you on your feet. As soonas you eat one of these pleasant,harmless tablets all the indigestion,gases, acidity and stomach distressends. Your druggist sells them.(adv)oThe old-fashioned, broad-mindedChristian who was always trying todo something for others now has anarrow-minded Prohibition son whois always trying to do sdnething toothers.WANTED.Furnished rooms for light housekeeping; no children. Home Phone65. (21-2t)Land Wanted.I want to rent land on the sharesfor tobacco and corn, with houseand grass. Reference given.W. L. GARRISON,Box 35, Route 2 Paris, Ky.Home Phone 2037-3.For Quick Sale.We have for quick sale at reasonable figures several -nice cottages,all in good location; close in, especially one large cottage on Mainstreet. Will sell at sight. Call usand see these cottages at once. Forimmediate sale.WALTER CLARKE REAL ESTATEAGENCY. (adv)Farms For Sale.For quick sale two spnall farms,well located, one containing tenacres, the other twenty-six acres;ahso some nice town property.WALTER CLARK REAL ESTATEAGENCY. (18-tf)For Sale.I offer at private sale the gentlestand best family mare in Bourboncounty; good driver; splendid chancefor anyone wishing to buy a gentlemare.MRS. NELLIE S. HIGHLAND.(14-tf)For SaleHaving leased my farm and movedto town, I offer at private sale asolid mahogany set, consisting oflarge sideboard, nerving table, dining table, one-half dozen chairs,and china closet.MRS. NELLIE S. HIGHLAND.(14-tf)PUBLIC SALE-- OFStock, Crop, Implements, Etc.Having sold niy farm, I will sell without reserve or by-bid, onWednesday, February 26, 1919,beginning at 10 o'clock, at my place, six miles west of Paris, on theHume & Bedford pike, the following stock, crop and fanning implements:11 head of work and unbrokenhorses;9 head of black cattle coming two-years-old-;1 Jersey cow, fresh and a good one;13 shoats6 sows, to farrow March 1;200 barrels of picked corn in crib;40 tons of baled hay,, good;50 tons of baled straw;1 shaft, T. 8 foot by -1 -inch with allthe pulleys in all sizes;1 feed mill;1 Blizzard cutting box;1 four-horse power steam engine;1 steam Turbine pump;4 two-horse wagons;3 mowing machines;1 sulkey rake and 1 bull rake;4 hay frames;1 spring wagon and harness ;2 top buggies;1 no-top buggy;1 break cart;1 pony cart;3 sets buggy harness;1 double set carriage harness;TERMS Easy and made known(21-2t)FOR RENT.Store room, fronting on Mainstreet in Masonic Temple.Single room, second floor, runningwater, elevator acommodations, foroffice use or living apartment.0. T. HINTON,Agt Masonic Temple.Furs and HidesWe pay highest prices for iron,hides, junk and wool.MUNICH & WIDES & CO.,Eighth St., Paris, Ky.,Cumb. Phone 374.(23-tf)Attention, Farmers!If you need anything in the wayof Saddles, Collars, Bridles, Etc., Ihave the best money can buy andmake, at reasonable prices.If you want a watch, don't go to ablacksmith shop to buy it, and don'ttake your horse to a jeweler to gethim shod; always go to a mechanicand you will get the best goods andit won't cost any more than cheapgoods.(28-lmo N. KRIENER.Public SaleOFForty Draft MaresI will sell at public sale at theThos. G. Morris stable, on Mainstreet, in Paris, onMonday, March 3, '19,forty head of good draft mares,weighing between 1,200 and 1,400pounds. Each animal will be soldwith a written guarantee. Sale willbegin promptly at one o'clock. Thiswill be a rare chance to get goodwork mares.(18-3t) RENAKER PARKS.Public RentingOFBlaegrass Pasture andTimothy GrazingLand.If not rented privately before, Iwill, onSaturday, March 1, '19,at 2:00 pf m. in front of the courthouse, in Paris, Ky., rent publicly515 acres of bluegrass and timothy land. Said land i3 the JohnHarris Clay farm, on the Spears Millpike, in Bourbon County, Ky., aboutsix miles from Paris, Ky. Possession:will be given on day of renting, andwill continue until January 1, 1920.Also at the some time and place Iwill sell publicly 72 shocks of cornin the field.For further information, apply toMRS. C. M. CLAY,Cum. Phone 118. Paris, Ky..(18-tf)Wagon and plow harness all kinds;1 dump cart and harness;1 grain drill;2 cutting harrows;1 drag harrow;1 roller;4 breaking plows;2 cultivators;1 one-horse drill;1 pond scraper;A lot of lumber;l.book case with a 30 volume Ency plodedia Britannica ;3 sets of bed room furniture;Some carpets,, rugs and chairs;1 kitchen cabinet;A lot of meat and lard;A lot of chickens and potatoes; ,A lot of carpernter tools, crow-,bars, etc;Shovels, pitchforks, sledge hammers,lard kettle, grindstones;Sorghum mill;1 four-horse circle, horse-power,good as new;And lot of other things too numerous to mention.on day of sale.M. B LOVELL.i'jifq . ?. Ky-WANTEDWanted at once, a good farm hand,by the month.CHARLTON ALEXANDER.Cumberland Phone 135.Paris, Ky.(4-tf)At Private Sale!Thirty high-grade Percheron mares and a carload every other weekduring the season shipped direct by express from the farms. See ourPercheron mares before you buy. Time to responsible partiesJ. F. COOK & CO., Lexington Kentucky.Phone, 47; Night Phone 2845Y or 5631. (21feb-lmPUBLIC SALEOPTWO COTTAGES!In order to settle the partnership business heretofore existingbetween Prichard & Ball, they have placed in our hands to sell atpublic auction, onFriday, February 28, 1919at 2 p. m., on the premises, on Fourth Street, near Power Grocery Co., their two cottages. They each contain four rooms,hall, back and front porches, small storage room, water inkitchen, electric lights and gas.These are desirable little homes and well located.Sale positive, rain or shine.TERMS Made known on day of sale.(feb21-2tPUBLIC SALEi -fOP113 Acres of Good LandAs Administrator of the late W. T. Jones, I will sell at public auction on the- premises, 5 miles west of Carlisle and 2 miles east ofMillersburg, on the Carpenter and Ju dy pike, on 'Wednesday, February 26, 1919,AT 10 O'CLOCK A. M.IN TWO TRACTSFIRST TRACT Consists of 45acres, has two barns, 6 room house ingood condition and fine orchard.Farpi is in good shape. About 10acres tobacco land.SECOND' TRACT Consists of 68acres. One barn, tenant house andother necessary outbuildings. About10 acres good tobacco land.At the same time and place willsell the following:1 bay mare, good work mare;1 sorrel mare 5 years old, ladybroke;1' 5-year-old black horsev goodworker and driver;TERMS Made known on day of sDR. C. T. JONES, Administrator.(21-2t) GEO' D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer.P UBLIC SALEi py. -Live Stock, Cro and FarmingImplementsIn order to give possession of- the farm we now occupy, and havingfailed to secure another, we will sellknown as the Hugh McGrady farmor eight miles from Lexington, andBryant Station pike the following crop, live stock, crop, etc., onWednesday, February 26, 1919,One pair eight-year-old teiules, 16hands high, splendid workers;One pair good bi three-year-oldmules;One pair yearling mules;One pair weanling mules;One weanling horse mule;One young Percheron horse;One gray horse, good worker;One gray mare. Beven-years-old.sound and a good worker;One six-year-old combined gelding;One eight-year-old work and driving horse;One gray mre, nine-years old, a goodslave;One bay mule, a good worker, andknodding walker;One brown mare, eoming eight yearsold and in foal to jack;One mare, seven-years-old, in foal tojack;ne white face mare, nine-years-old,sound and a good worker;One weanling colt by Golden Mack;Six good calves;One black cow with calf by side;Bred cow to be fresh March 1;Pat cow;One fat dry cow, l.tOO pounds;Two good heifers;One Jersey cow, freshen to lastMarch;Sale will begin promptly at 10TERMS Mad known on dayJ0ttN' IN' Auctloaecr-WANTEDThree experienced paste boys twork with paper hangers. Apply tthe J. T. Hinton Co., corner Maiand Sixth Streets, Paris, Ky.(14-4t)HARRIS & SPEAKES.'7 7-11 6-year-old Jersey cow, to calve inMarch;1 6-year-old red cow, to calre inMarch;1 5-year-old Jersey cow, givingmilk;1 3-year-old red cow, giving milk;50 Southdown sheep, due to lamb inMarch, extra good;1 buggy and harness;1 Avery riding turning plow;1 Brindley cultivator;2 double-shovels;About 50 chicken hens;5 turkeys, 4 hens and gobbler;Household and kitchen furinture.Other small articles too numerousto jnention.ale.at public auction on the premises,one -mile from Muir Station, sevenfour miles from Hutchison on the20 tons of baled mixed hay inbarn;Pour or five tons clover hay, baledand never had rain on it;Several tons of sheaf oats;Soine baled straw;Corn in crib;Two sows and pigs;Five 90-pound shoats;23 fat hogs will weigh 250 pounds;125 good black-faced ewes to lamblast half of March;One Deering binder, bought newlast season;Two riding cultivators, good as new;Five new cutting harrows, neverbeen hitched, to;Two blue grass seed strippers;One fertilizer drill;One good tobacco setter;One good corn planter; . $One good corn planter; -iOne land roller; J,One iay baler;One road wagon;Two bull rakea;One henp cutting machiae;24 hemp breaks;Two mowing machines, bought newlast season;Two good farm waions and frames;One feed slid and Iota of otherthings.o'clock a. m.of sale.SARA M. DANIEL,G. CODER.Ncm 'sz jarvxraaai 'ivasanxTHE BOTJRBOH HEWS, PAIB, JLEJITOI'KTJAGIf rI S-O-M-E BH Goodies! srWkH in your f&y$ flL SillV mouth JlpifeifejfevnK -light. cgggsalgH fluffy, tender jK cakes, biscuits anolTKpH doughnuts that just BH keep you hanging KH 'round the pantry IHV 11 J :L rHk an iuaue wiui IBKlUALUIRfcl pamjWm BAKING POWDERflH the safest, purest, most BjHRg economical kind. Try sjHH it drive away bake-day HBHH failures." ftK3 You save when you buy it. HHOjK You save when you use it. HBjESSI Calumet contains only such PHH ingredients as have beenBHj approved officially by the HiSlPU U.S. Food Authorities. IESSSgf HIGHEST S $m mMiW. C. T. TJ. TO LAUNCH CAMAIGK AGAINST TOBACCO"An active campaign of educational propaganda against tobaccowill soon be started in Kentucky'said Mrs. Prances E. Beauchamp,persident of the State W. C. T. U.,recently."The campaign is part of the national campaign to be begun by theFederation of Churches, and is entirely of an educational character,"she continued. 'It is to be the purpose of the workers to convince thepeople of the harmful effects of tobacco and the better health thatresults from an abstinence from theweed."Kentucky W. C. T. TJ. workersare also responding to the nationalcall for funds to aid in the fight tokeep liquor out of China. It is thepurpose of the State Union to raiBean average of $5 per member. Thiswill insure our quota. We have received from, the President of theTemperance Union in China the pleafor help. She says China is glad tohave relieved herself from opium,but in the liquor traffic a greatermenace is recognized."It appears that the breweriesand distilleries that will be forcedout of the United States will haveno place to rest. The strongestefforts are being made to keep themout of China, and recently protestsfrom Mexico have been received.The South American countries areasking the W. C. T. U. of the UnitedStates for help in fighting their ownproblems and the prospect of incoming breweries is not pleasant oragreeable to them either. So it seemsthat John Barleycorn is a In an without a country."oSTOCKHOLDERS APPROVE SALEOF LATOOTA RACE TRACKEd THE SERVICE OF THEIRCOUNTRY.In the list of wounded soldiers whoarrived at the Camp Zachary TaylorBase Hospital yesterday appears thenaftie of Estill Johnson, of Paris.John bo n was a jmember of one of theBourbon county draft contingentswhich went in the service in theearly dayB of the war.A card received by Mr. and Mrs.Castle Redmon, of near Paris, fromtheir son, Lieut. Jason A. Redmon,announced his safe arrival at Newport News from overseas, where hehad been for six months with theAmerican Expeditionary Forces. Hehopes to return home soon.THE NEWS is in receipt of apostcard from "Sailorman" CarlMitchell, of Paris, who is .now enroute to Brest, France, on the U. S.S. Carolina, Carl states that hisship was headed overseas for the purpose of bringing back to the Statesseveral thousand "doughboys" whohave been in the service in Francefor many months. He hopes to get arelease soon from the service, and toreturn to civilian life.GREAT BRITAIN CLOSES BOOR TO'DRY" AGITATORS.At the request of the British andFrench Governments the tate Department has adopted a polit underwhich hereafter passports foi travelin those countries will be refused toall persons except those going onessential business. Both GreatBritain and France recently madeformal requests that passports totravelers be limited as rigidly as possible because of transportation difficulties and abnormal conditions.An official announcement wasmade of reports that the British Givernment had requested particularlythat passports be refused to prohibition agitators.WEBSTER HAD A VISION.Noah Webster evidently saw farinto the future of agriculture because in 1790 he wrote the followingvery wonderful and jmodern thory ofsoU fertility:"While therefore I allow, in itsfull extent, the value of stable manure, marl, Plaster of Paris, lime,ashes, sea-weed, sea-shells and salt,in enriching land, I believe none ofthem are absolutely necessary, butthat nature has provided an inexhaustible store of manure, which isequally accessible to rice and poor,and which may be collected and applied to land with very little laborand expense. This store is the atmosphere, and the process by whichthe fertilizing aubUce ay HJtained in vegetation."MATMMONtAL.A marriage license was issuedWednesday by County Clerk FercPaton to Mr. Elmer Farrow and MissRuth K. Mitchell, both of ' thcounty.A marriage license was issuedfrom the office of the Fayette Conmty,Clerk to Mr. Vfai. T. Hatfield,' 37,barber, of Islington, and Miss EtkelWard, 17, of Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Barney Brannon havereceived a message from their son,Corp. Paul Brannon, announcing hisBafe arrival at New York fromFrance, where he has been with theAmerican Expeditionary Forces forseveral months. Corporal Brannonstated he was in excellent health, andhoped to get to Camp Taylor soon,where he would be given his finaldischarge papers, and return to hishome in this city.fNEW YORK SETS PACEEVIL IN COUNTRY."FORIn the course of his remarks atthe banquet given in New York inhis honor recently, Deputy PoliceCommissioner Frederick A. Wallis,former Parisian and Kentuckian,and adopted New Yorker, declaredthat anarchy was breading in thecity and that "all sorts of dangerouselements are at work."The New York Herald says:"Asserting that New York 'setsthe pace' for the country in evil aswell as in good, Deputy Police Commissioner F. A. Wallis declared at adinner in his honor here that anarchy was breeding in the city andthat 'all sorts of dangerous elementsare at work.'" 'TTArft anarchy broods, breedsand blusters, he said. 'Here Bolshevism fans the fires of discontent.Here settles and fosters the dregs of. European immigration, which furnishes a hot-bed for sedition andmurder. Here organized vice andgambling tramples law under footand laugh at constituted authority." Here crime reaps its greatest harvest,and it is here that the criminalclasses are mostly recruited.""In discussing the spread of radicalism. Commissioner Wallis declared that 'German propaganda is asalive and alert in the world to-dayas it was during the war,' and thatmuch of the radicalism was directlytreaceable to German agents."The Latonia Jockey Club has ceased to exist. Stockholders in the organization which has controlled theLatonia race track since it was builtin 1883 have voted to approve thedeal regarding the sale of the property to the Kentucky Jockey Cluband also voted to liquidate the company. Representatives of both sides werepresent at the meeting, and as soonas the title to the property has beenannroved the syndicate buying thetrack will pay over the money agreedupon and take possession of theplant. It is believed that all of thesedetails can be arranged by March 1.To the old-tinners present at themeeting it was sort of a funeral affair. Stockholders were on handwho have never missed a race meeting, and to E. P. Bryson, Louis P.Ezekiel and others it was like thepassing of a friend.The directors of the LatoniaJockey Club, Harvey Myers, John R.Dillon, John Hachmeister, Joseph A.Martin and C. A. Tilles, were presentand voted their stock. In addition tofhrA R. L. Northcott, of Lexington,and A. J. Carroll, of Louisville, bothattorneys, were present in the interne nf th& Tmrchasers to see thatMrs. Jos. M. Rion received apostcard from her grandson, ReneClark, mailed at Portsmouth, NewHampshire, stating that he was leaving there foij New York, wnere newould be sent overseas on a transport bound for Breast, France. ThisfmnRnrvrt is due to return to theUnited States, bringing back a largenumber of United States troops fordemobilization at the different armycamps. Rene stated he was in excellent health and had enjoyed thoroughly Uncle Sam's good care ofhim.Mr. Logan Howard received a letter yesterday from his brother,Wherrit Howard, who is now withhe American army oi uccupauun wGermany. Young Howard has risenfrom the ranks, having been promoted successfully to Corporal, Sergeant, and is now Second Lieutenantin the service. Lieut. Howard statedthat he had been through nearly allthe heavy engagements on the Western front preceding the signing ofthe armistice, and that he had escaped without even a scratch, thoughhe had participated in some of thehardest kind of trench fighting andHe said lient.her forms of warfare.verything was carried out in legal hoped to get a chance to come backform.home soon.In spite of the fact that there arealmost a couple of billion folks inthis world, mearly every toan youmeet will tell you that hard luck hassingled him out as the goat.MMMYou Young Menand Women ofBourbon Countyknow that the business worldstands ready to offer a magnificent remuneration to thosewho are efficiently preparedand have the necessary training that modern business demands. Then why not stop procrastinating and determineto prepare yourself for business success at once.Our little booklet, "ThePugazzi Way to BusinessSuccess," will give you anidea of how we propose tohelp you acquire this efficiency. A postal will bring itto you.Remember we court a thorough investigation.Fugazzi Schoolof BusinessRUB IT! RHEUMATISMPAIN STOPS, TRY IT!Don't Suffer ! Instantly Relieves SoreActing Muscles and Joints With"St. Jacob's Liniment."Rheumatism is "pain only."Not one case in fifty requires internal treatment. Stop drugging!Rub the misery right away! , Applysoothing, penetrating "St. Jacob'sLiniment" directly upon the "tenderspot" and relief comes instantly. "St.Jacob's Liniment" conquers pain. Itin harmless rheumatism linimentwhich never disappoints and can notburn the skin.Limber up! Stop complaining!Get a small bottle of "St. Jacob'sLiniment" at any drug store, and mjust a moment you'll De rree iruuirheumatic pain, soreness and stiffness. Don't suffer! Relief awaitsyou. "St. Jacob's Liniment" is justas good for sciatica, neuralgia, lumkocrrt fcflMrAP.hp. snrains and Bwell-ings.' av)o"GOOD MORNING. JUDGE!"Thoso who have not procured tagsfor their dogs, and those who drivetheir autos recklessly over the streetsand the public highways need not besurprised to receive a little later, aninvitation to "explain it to theJudge."Violations of the laws providingfor tags on dogs and for the rate ofspeed at which automobiles mayonerate are indicatble offenses, andthe grand jury may get you later, ifthe police, the Sheriff or some constable doesn't get you sooner.o -GETTING BID OF COLDS.The easiest way to get rid of acold is to take Chemberlain's CoughRemedy. This preparation has beenin use for many years and its valuef.iiw nrnvfln. No matter what remedy you use, however, care must betaken not to contract aaumwbefore you have recovered from thefirst one, and there Is serious dangerin this. A man of 'middle age or older should go to bed until -fully recovered. It is better to stay in bedthree days at the start than threeweeks later on. '(aav-ireD.jV. Jones, Principal,118 N. Upper &i., - "-'Mrs. L.The expert financier who saysthat the value of gold can't comedown till prices fall, has possiblygot his tonneatf before the motor.o 'rprAT TEBHIBLE HEADACHE.Do you have periodic attacks ofheadache accompanied by sickness ofthe stomach or vomiting, a sallowskin and dull eyes? If so, you i canget quick relief by taking Chamberlain's Tablets as directed for biliousness, and you may be able toavoid these attathe directions wi(adv.)ifobserveMrs. John Masterson, of Massieavenue, this city, received a postcard yesterday from her son, PrivateWm. H. Masterson, announcing hissafe arrival f rolh overseas at anEastern port. He will go to CampDix, New Jersey, where he will receive his final discharge papers.Private Masterson was a member ofthe 163rd Infantry, in the AmericanExpeditionary Forces, on duty inFrance. The postcard was the firstnews his family had heard from himfor over five months and ended asuspense born of an uncertainty asto the cause of his long silence, masterson told his mother he had beentoo busy to write sooner. The newsof his safe return to America compensated for the long weeks of anxiety and waiting. ,oGET BEADY TO MEET THE INCOME TAX MAN!Get ready for the income tax man.He will arrive in Paris on February24, and will be located at tne uouixHouse, where he can be consultedwithout charge. '"Bring in your figures, yourproblems, your doubts, and yourquestions," is his invitation contained in the announcement or nis coming visit.Collector of Internal RevenueHamilton, is sending one of his deputies solely to help people in this vicinity to determine their individualliability and to comply with the law'srequirements as to 19 is incomes.His office hours will be from 8 a.m. to 5 p. m. each day, and he willremain in town until the close ofbusiness on March 15."This free advisory service,"writes Collector Hamilton, "is planned, for those who are required forthe first time to consider their liability and to make sworn returns."Many thousand who were not affected by the prior Federal laws taxing incomes must thiB year nie returns. Here are the requirements:"Everv unmarried person whohad a net income of $1,000 or overduring 1918, and every married person, who, together with- wife (orhusband and minor children) had anet income ot ?2,000 in 1918."The advice tuid service of theDeputy Collector are entirely free,and-he is authorized to administerthe oath required-on returns, freef nhare-e. Persons- who are taxableshould make payment when filingtheir returns by attaching check ormnnftv order."This tax is a war burden; it is a.nrf of fhfi trice of victory, tnegreatest victory that the world hasknown. I believe the people of thisdistrict will meet it fully; and J. amoffering every facility of my office toaid them to determine tneir maiviaual liability." ,. .The deputy will be at Millersburgat Exchange Bank from March 13to 15.o : . ,a -aMRft man first kisses a girlITS OUR HOBBYTO SELL CHEAPBut Our First and Main Consideration IsQUALITYHere are some special prices which surely should attract your attention,cannot guarantee the quotations any longer than our present stock lasts.WeNice Thin Rind Lemonsper dozen 20cBest eating Potatoesper peck 45cWe give you 15 pounds to every peck,strictly according to law.Borax Laundry Soapper bar : 5cToilet Soap, extra goodper bar 5cNew Navy Beansper pound 12 1 -2cColored Beansper pound 1 0cBest Matches, large boxper box 5cBest Rolled Oatsper box . . 1 1 2cBest Head Riceper pound 12 1 -2cCracked Rice3 pounds for 25cSoups, all kindsper can "1 OcCondensed Milkper can 8c(2 cans for 15c).Lye Hominylarge can 1 0cSauer Kraut, medium sized can, 2cansfor 25cTomatoes, medium-size canper can 1 5cTomatoes, large-size canper can 20cSalmon, a good oneper can 20cRed Beans, 1-pound canper can 1 0c(3 for 25c).Red Beans, 2-pound can2 cans for 25cSugar Cornper can 5cPeas, Early Juneper can 1 5cPeas, Sifted, Early Juneper can 20cBrooms, 4-sewed, good oneseach ....55c,Karo Syrup, 10-pound canper can 90cKaro Syrup, 5-pound canper can 45cYES, WE DELIVER FOUR TIMES A DAYBut have to charge 10c for each delivery. Our low prices forbid any extra expenses for delivering goods. You can always save money by dealingJ at theBUSY BEE GASH STOREandherthenpermissionreasons with her and asksI- - . 1irS55iSiiSSSSiSSiiBBMBBMB''' I HI. XHJE" UNIVERSAL CARLET THE -'' J"FORDSON" ,DO YOUR WORK ' J1 Whv not increase the efficiency 1HI on your farm with a Eordspn gTractor? DlHI Let our regular Tractor man HIdemonstrate the Cordson to you. IIDi rrcr I AC MftfAr fft' IIII Bank lUw, Paris, Ky.J . . HIII . ., flljPPHBB HHP apBk v pBaJB1 ? f fWJBrrtir l Hllll ..JL IImboiPAGE W WtkorV?. JTHE BO.HEWS, y.PASIS, JCBTUCnTvrTUESDAY, FEBRUARY 2?, lSlf. "''IREVEKTJE MAN HERE TO HELPINCOME TAXEKS.Mr Crawford Lee, of Lexington, isliere in the interest of the income tax"bill recently passed by CongTess. Mr.Lee will be in -the Circuit Courtroom, in the court house each day,ready to help the citizens of Parisand Bourbon county to make outtheir returns on Income tax schedules. Mr. Lee will be glad to giveall the Infortnation he can to the taxpayers "and help them piake out theirreturns for income tax. Mr. Lee orsome other representative of the revenue office will be here every day.These representatives will explainthe Intricate details of the incometax schedule and ask that everyonecome in as speedily as possible, sothat the work may be speedily finished.EUENTrUEE AT AUCTION.Harris & Speakes will sell at publie auction on Thursday on the premises, at the corner of Ferguson and"Seventh streets, for Mrs. Sallie Feeback, a large assortment of household goods, furniture, etc. Read thedisplay ad in this issue. (It)PUBLIC SALEOFHousehold- Furniture!On Saturday, February 27,1919, at 2 t. m., we will sell for Mrs.Sallie Feeback at public auction atTier home on the corner of Seventhand Ferguson streets, near the Bourbon Laundry, all of her householdand kitchen furniture, consisting ofparlor furniture, bed room set, dining room furniture, druggetts,chairs, kitchen furniture, 75 beushels of coal and many other thingstoo -numerous to mention.TERMS: Cash.HARRIS & SPEAKES.(25-lt)1WOMEN'S ACTIVITIES.At the Red Cross Sewinsr Rooms.Wednesday Wbjman's Bible Class,Christian Church.Thursday Jewish Circle.Friday Missionary Society, Presbyterian Church.Club Calendar.The Paris Literary Club, February 26th.The Wisdom Literature.The Song of Solomon Mrs. Vansant. Ecclesiastes Miss Steele.Proverbs Mrs. Walter Payne.Report from district meeting.The Progressive Culture .Club,February 27.An Original Drama. ,"Without a Soul" Mrs. HendersonShropshire.North Middletown Woman's Club,February 28."Development of Art in Kentucky;Kentucky Statesmen and Writers.The Bluegrass As An Early ArtCenter Mrs. N. P. Gay.Modern Art in Kentucky Mrs. W.S. Meng.Millersburg Century Club, March1st.Roll Call The Sartorial World.February's Current Opinion.Literature Miss Ball.Art Miss McClintock.Religion and Ethics Mrs. CarltonBall.The Industrial World Mrs. Saith.Parliamentary Law Mrs. Poole.Hostess Miss McClintock. "Ail Interesting Meeting.The Seventh District meeting under State Federation of Women'sClubs held at Georgetown, February20, was most interesting, and instructive. Bourbon county was congratulated upon having the largestdelegation. Those in attendancewere:Mesdames Allie Dickson, John Collins, J. W. Jones, Henderson Shropshir, Anna Wallace, W. V. Shaw,PUBLIC SALEOF 1Desirable Modern HouseThe owner having purchased a smaller house to which he willmove on March 10, 1919, we have been instructed to sell at public-auction, on the premises, onSATURDAY, MARCH 1, 1919beginning at 2:30oclock,the two-story frame residence at 234 Mt. AiryAvenue. The house contains seven large rooms, complete bath room,pantries, two halls, front, side and back porches, four coal grates, andhas gas for heat, light and cooking purposes. Excellent cistern at door,cellar, city sewer connection, etc. There is on the lot a new frame building originally erected for a stable, buggy house, etc., but suitable fora garage, which has since been floored. Also, a coal and chickenhouse. ';This property is located in an excellent neighborhood where mostof the houses are occupied by the owners, and is within five minuteswalk of the Court House. The gas hot water heater and large watertank will be sold with the bouse."At the same time and place, following the sale of the residence,some household and kitchen furniture, including several gas stoves, willbe sold.'Possession wili be given on March 1 0, 1 9 1 9.0JERMS Easy, and made known on day of sale.Prospective purchasers are invited to call after the noon hour anyday Ind inspect the premises. . :For further particulars, apply to undersigned.;? ; HARRIS & SPEAKES, Agents,. " .. ' Either Phone,s Paris, Ky.(26feb-2t-pd)PUBLIC SALEOPBourbon Co. Farming Lands:jThe undersigned heirs-at-law .of the 'late Wm. B. Woodford will, onTuesday, March 4, 1919,-expose to public sale, at the Court. House .-door, Paris, Kentucky,', at 10a, m, the, following described farming lands. .pIRST A tract of about 627 acres of land lying in BourbonCounty, Kentucky, on the Spears Mill turnpike, and extending from theSpeafe Mill Turnpike to the Stony Point and Simmons iMill. turnpike andadjoining on the .north the lands of Ben Woodford, Edward Simms andClay-'Gfcitskill, and on the South the lands of Gano Uildreth and thedowe lands of Mrs. TOn. B. Wbodfpitf.. . ,,.,,.Said tract of land will be offered in two parcels of about' 314 acres''eachvone fronting on the Spears Mill Turnpike and .'the other .fronting,onjoie Stony Point and Simmons Mill -Turnpike. And then the said tractof Ialid wi)l be offered as a whole and tjie bid or bids aggregating mostmoey will be accepted. ; J J -f;The tract of about 314 "acres fronting on the Stony Point and Simmons Mill Turnpike" las the following Improvements thereon, namely:Siloith teed barn Attached, 40 by 60v ,The tract of about 314 acresfToatilng on the Spears Mill turnpike has the -following. Improvements oh;if jBrick. residence, formerly the Home Place of Aylette Bedford; also afritms tenant house, two large barns, silo and feed barn attached, about"SECOND A tract of about 76 acres of land located about five milesfromVi Paris, near the Paris and Winchester turnpike, and adjoining thela&& of J.' Prarik Clay and Miss Letitia Clay, with' night of passage totlui Winchester pike. - ! 'TERMS One-third cash. Balance in one and two years, to be evidwiced by aopea hearing interest from, date of sale until paid at the ratef Wr cent; 'per annum, interest due and payable- annually, and a liento. 6 reserved, in .deed to secure payment or. notes.l! tfAL WOO&EOBJ)., Age-nt of h.lrs-at-lawv of , Wnou B. Woodford?Roy Clendenin, Harry Kerslake, Tillie Larue", J. T. "Tansant, Jas. McClure, P. P, Lowry, W. O. Hinton,Charlton Alexander, F. Sutherland;Misses Clara Bacon, Letitia Ewalt,liizzie Grimes, Olivia Orr, Ruth Orr,Helen Hutchcraft.Bourbon Art Club Takes the InitialStep.At the regular meeting on lastSaturday, the Bourbon Art Clublaunched the movement to planttrees on Arbor Day, as a living memorial to our soldier and sailor boys.All county federated clubs are askedto join in the movement. Plans areas yet ipimature, but will be perfected at an early date.RED CROSS WORKERS, ATTENTION!The plea for help has reached usso strongly from Cleveland, the women of Bourbon county have reconsidered their decision and havedecided to keep the Red Cross workrooms open indefinitely. The workwill be put on new footing and thedays divided out under another plan.This will require a little time, so therooms in the court house will not beready for work until the co)nmitteehas had an opportunity to perfect itsideas. Notice will be given in duetime, both from the papers andfrojm the pulpit. Please keep postedby watching these columns or callingMrs. John Kiser, Home phone No.10, Miss Lillie Williams, Cumberlandphone No. 431, or Mrs. Owen Davis,Cumberland phone No. 645.GET OUR PRICES FIRST.tDo not buy anything in theClothing line until you get myprices.L. WOLLSTEIN,tf Clothing Department.STATE. CABINET EPWORTBTLEAGUE MEETS HERE.A meeting of .the State Cabinetof the Kentucky Conference EpworthLeague, was held in Parih Satururday, morning at 9 O'clock. Themeeting was called by the president,Mr. Dennis V. Snapp, of Paris, forthe purpose of considering businessof vital importance to the work of theEpworth League organization.The League's part in the great Missionary Centenary movement beinglaunched by the Methodist . Churchoccupied an important place " on theprogram. The League Chapters ofKentucky have been allotted the sumof $10,000. This amount will beapportioned to the seven districts inthe conference and the amount eachdistrict is required to assume wasdefinitely decided upon at themeeting.The program of the Tenth AnnualAssembly of the Kentucky Conference Epworth League which will beheld In Winchester, June 23-27, wasalso discussed and various otherphases of the work were taken up.The business sessions of the Cabinet were m Mr. Snapp's officein The Kentuckian-Citizen, on BankRow. At noon the members of theCabinet will be guests of honor at aluncheon served by the ParisEpworth League Chapter in 'the dining room at the Methodist Church.The following officers compose theCabinet.Mr. Dennis V. Snapp, President,Paris.Mr. G. P. Fisher, Vice-President,Millersburg.Miss Elizabeth Clark, Secretary,Harrodsburg.Miss Lois Hall, Treasurer, Lexington. Miss Virginia Boggs, Jr. Superintendent, Nicholasville.Miss Drusie Frakes, Reporter, Carlisle, Ky.Miss Katherine Reeves, Era Agent,Shelbyville.District Secretaries: -Covington Mr. P. C. Regan, Covington. Danville Miss Lula Arnold, Wilmore. Frankfort Miss Sara Power, Paris.Jackson Mr. J. I. Hall, Jackson.Lexington Miss Emma Bedford,Lexington.Maysville Miss Bettie Shaw, Carlisle. NShelbyville Miss Pearl Wingfield,La Grange.Members Ex-Officers:Rev. T. W. Watts, of Versailles,Conference.President Emeritus; Rev. J. E.Savage, of Covington, President Epworth League Board, and Rev. H. A.Longino, of Burgin, Treasurer ofLeague Board.x JTEW AUTO OWKERS.The Lexington Cadillac Companyannounces the sale of a Cadillacroadster to Mr. Carlton Clay, of"Marchmont," near Paris.oINSURANCE.Fire, Tornado, Lightning,Automobile and Hail.YERKES & PEED.(janl4-tf ) .NEW POULTRY HOUSELEON RENAKER & CO.Have Opened a New Poultry In theDow Building, Opposite Hotel Windsorand Will pay the highest cash prices -forpoultry, eggs, hides and junk. Our truckwill make trips to the country for largequantities of poultry and eggs.GRANT ROBINSON, ManagerCumberland Phone 361Home Phone 552WALSH 'Sm m raOn Men's and Boys' Overcoats, FlannelShirts, Work Shirts, Overalls, MittensMen's OvercoatsThis is the last and final cut of the season onOvercoats. We still have a big selection to pickfrom in all styles'" and patterns. Note these remarkable low prices.$50.00 Overcoats cut to.....$45.00 Overcoats cut to$40.00 Overcoats cut to$37.50 Overcoats cut to$35.00 Overcoats cut to:$32.50 Overcoats cut to$40.00$36.00$32.00$30.00$28.00$26.00$24.00$22.00$20.00$18.00$30.00 Overcoats v cut o .-..$27.50 Overcoats jcut to$25.00 Overcoats cut to$22.50 Overcoats cut to......"$20.00 Overcoats cut tp $16.00$18.00 Overcoats cut io $14.40Men's Flannel ShirtsThis it one of the, best specials we have tooffer. These Flannel Shirts are full cut, fast colors, coming in blues, greys and tans. Splendidshirts at low prices.$5.00 Flannel Shirts cut to - $3.75$4,00rFlannel Shirts cut to $2.95$3.50 Flannel Shirts cut to $2.75$3.00 FlannelShits cut to... :.. .'.,....$2.25$2.00 Flannel .Shirts ctit to :...,..-.,...:.....$ 1.65, v These prices will be in forceuntil further notice.Boys' OvercoatsYou mothers who are looking for good, durable Overcoats for your boys can find them here ina great variety of styles and patterns. Every onepriced lower than elsewhere.$18.00 Overcoats cut to $14,50$15.00 Overcoats cut to " $ li50$12.50 Overcoats cut to " $9.50$10.00 Overcoats cut to $7.95$8.50 Overcoats cut to $6.95$650 Overcoats cut to $4.95Men's MittensHere's a good warm special. You men whowant good, warm, durable mittens should take advantage of these prices. All good leathers, eavylined, with close-knitted wrist bands.$2.50 Mittens cut to $1.95$2.00 Mittens cut to $1.50$1.50 Mittens, cut to 0. $1.15$1.25 Mittens cut to 95 C$1.00 Mittens 'cut to .. gQcMen's OverallsYou are sure to think well of this special. Allof our Overalls are full cut, heavy denim and fastcolor blue "with bibs only.$3.00 Overalls cut to.$2.50 Overalls cut to.$2.00 Overalls cut to.$2.45$1.95$1.50Men's Work ShirtsGood heavy materials, full cut, inga.--..-! i - . . . mI-. I :''- Buy your supp.ly of Work . Shirts ; now.m uiue ana lanty JciM.;rns. -. , ; m ,I $1.50 Work Shirts etl C I $1.25 Work Shirts (i aa I: - Cutto ,;;.,.Ti.....,....'.:X..rHP;w Cuttov. 3XIMJ .. -I cash v. ';--'-- ' '. : iso approvals ';.B. P. WALSHI Main and Seventh, . One-Price, Store Paris, Kentucky I2.K(16-H)t -'VTUESDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1919.THE BOTJBBOSJ HEWS, PAIIS, 'tiEKTSGT?ipsws .;'PAGE.,.,, -- "ii,b'FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSESOCIAL AISD PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.BEST QUALITY SEEDS.Highest quality Red Clovtr,Atiike,. Timothy, Seed Oats,Cotton Seed Meal.CH AS. S. BRENT & BRO.(feb-14-tf)-o-IVfr. a-nd.Mrs. H. C. Mann havereturned frqm an extended stay inFlorida.COOK'S SPECIAIS.C. P. COOK & CO.New Orleans molasses at $1.25 perroimn. Extra nne,"(It) '. oHOUSEHOLD GOODS TO BE SOU)PUBLICLY.Read the display ad in this issue-. tt-tm-c - Rncakes. the public saleof furniture, etc., at the Feebackhome, at Seventh and Fergusonstreets This will be a good opportunity to secure bargains in furniture, etc. "oWARNING TO THE PUBLICMerchants and others are herebywarned to be careful in cashingchecks bearing my purported signature I will not hold myself responsible hereafter unless checks areknown to have been signed by mepersonally. q r HAZELBIGG.(25-tf)THINGS TO WORRY ABOUT4. Vine street family have an unusual combination of fowls and rummanis in one pen in the yard at theirncfne. THE NEWS man passing by, ' ,.t0rdflv tmorninsc. was at-tracted by the sight of three big fathens, one large rooster, and six Bei--iahares, all feeding contentedlySS peaceful frojm the sam foodsupply, and taking turns at the water trough. That's a happy family,Sdeed. and a combination rarelyseen together.Mr. and Mrs. Tinnmn "Rn havereturned froin a protracted visit in"Florida.Mr. and Mrs. H. D. Hedrick havereturned from a protracted stay inFlorida.Mrs. H. E. Foster is at homefrom a visit to Mrs. Ernest Ammerman, in Cynthiana.Mrs. H. M. Hamilton is visitingher parents, Mr. and Mrs. L. D. Overmier, in Yorkstown, Indiana.Miss Cornelia Stone has returned frcpn a visit to her sister, MissHadley Stone, at Versailles.Mr. and Mrs. James H. Thomp-son returned Sunday from an extended stay in St. Petersburg, Florida.Mr. and Mrs. W. Ed. Tucker havereturned from a two-weeks' stay inNew York and other Eastern cities.Miss Hazel Brewsaugh has returned to her home in Cynthiana, after, a visit to friends and relatives inParis.Dr. H. E. Foster was called toOwenton, Sunday, by the serious illness of his father, Dr. H. E. Foster, Sr.Mr. Z. L. "Wilcox, secretary ofthe Bourbon County Y. M. C. A., wasin Versailles yesterday on a businesspnission.Mr. and Mrs. Harry snon, orLexington and Paris, have ' returnedfrom a three-weeks' business trip toNew York.Mr. and Mrs. Simon Lary andDEFECTIVE PLUE CAUSES PEBEIN LYLESVILLE.The fire department was calledabout midnight Saturday to Lylesville by an alanm from Box 23. Adefective flue at the home of Thos.Harris, colored, started a blaze whichdestroyed the home, with all its contents. A strong wind prevailing atthe time communicated the blaze tothe adjoining house belonging toGeorge Brooks, colored, and the nomeof John English, both, of which wereconsiderably damaged. The department' confined the flames to thesehctnes and prevented a furtherspread to' surrounding -property.Sparks from the burining houseswere were carried a long distance bythe wind, but no damage resulted.iKKXSMSKSiKiIBttiHOW MUCH YOU CAN SAVEOne share of Peoples Building &Loan Association stock will net youone hundred dollars in less thanseven years. Ten snares, one moub-and dollars in same time, uon't rorget to buy stock in the new seriesopening Saturday night, March 1,1919, at the Peoples Deposit Bank &Trust Co.(25-2t)For SaleMy residence, with 2 7-10 acres ofland, located on Bethlehem pike nearParis, for sale. Possession on March1. Is in good neighborhood, and butfew minutes walk fuflin Interurbancar line.MRS. T. T. TEMPLIN,JTJST THINK. WHAT A GOOD OPPORTUNITYYou have of saving a part of yourincome Try a few shares of PeoSS Building & Loan Associationstock. They will open anew senesat the Peoples Deposit Bank & TrustCo., Saturday night, March 1. 1919.For SaleTwo open-front gas heaters, "TheNew Process," and one 3-burner gascooking stove. On sale this week at143 Virginia avenue. Call at home,see the stoves and get prices. Ammoving to another town. (It)LOST.!THE BEASON WHY.We have been selling an enormousquantity of rugs, tur ann0house furnishings, and we n0X It is because we are doing asWe adverse we will do and becauseZl Sive you the best values you canJet. Come in and get yours to-day.Tt'hintonco.(25-lt)PABIS NEGROES GET IN BAD INIEXINGTON.The possession of too much money,even though it was in the shape ofpinnies, and the reckless way invSSh the wealth was being spent,was the cause of landing two Boutbon county negro boys, Henry ReedaSd nineteen, of Millersburg andFrank Carter aged eighteen, of Paris,fnhe toils of the law at f0?-The saloon of Stapp & Brown, in.that city, was broken into and several quarts of whisky and large sumof money, post of it in Pnnle3'stolen The Lexington police finallySailed down the two Bourbon countyhovs -and another negro, namedSawder, giving AUanta Gaas his home, ana piaceu mem ""--SrScharged with ebreaMngttipv were placed m the Lexington.Si ond?n a hearing before JudgeKerr wer?held to the grand jury mthe Fayette Circuit Court.THE SIMON STORE WILL BE CON-TEnjED IN PARIS..Sect fordoing so onlU4Soaen-redVafuetSe.sn-)y on account of tne "i ""irequests from our patrons andfriends not to leave Paris.I wish to state further that . I havejust-finished buying a nutiful lineof spring, goods in NewYork. whichkindly feeling they have had for thisstore and sincerely hope 1 hey w wcontinue to trade with this store inthe future as they have in the past.Thanking you again, I amSincerely, rw(Signed) HARRY SIMON.(25-.lt)Between Twentieth street and theexpress office, a ladies' gold wristwatch, with gold band. Reward forreturn to this office. (It)Mouse for Sale !Six-room house on Virginia avenue; has electric lights and gas,bath, etc.; good garden. Can giveimmediate possession. Price ? 1,5 00.Both phones SI.(It) J. M. SMEJL.SttK.Wanted.Stenographic position. Have hadthree years experience in generaloffice work.Address, "A. B."Care Bourbon News.PARIS MEN TROD THE "UUiSANDS" SATURDAY.Fifty-four i?JVS?fraternity of Covington,. Newport.Winchester and Lexington, who areScottish Knight T'inplars, or whoreceived the 32nd Degree,, were initiated into the Mystic Shrine atOlekia Temple, A. A. ON. M. S.. inLexington. Saturday, i"f .""rwas the spring ceremonial session otthe Shrine. The initiation lafrom 2 to 6 o'clock. The rites wereperformed by Theodore L. j Jonej.potentate, and officers of the Temple.A reception and dance took Plam .the auditorium ui mc -arday night from 8 to 12 o clockAmong the candidates who troahe hot sands" at this meeting wereCapt, Ben Parker, of thePrank Burton: of Paris. ,a M WayneLafferty. of Ravenna, Jrly ofParis. Judge Chaxles McMillan ofParte, attended the ?& gThelped in the ceremonies. -(25-tf) 1312 S. Main St.son, Mr. V. A. Lary, nave moved to IJackson, Louisiana, to make tneir ruture home.Miss Sallie Ashbrook, of Cynthiana. is ill at the home of her sister, Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft, on Houston avenue.Mayor E. B. January attended ameeting of the Executive Board ofthe Odd Fellows' Home in Lexington, Friday.Miss Martha Dudley has returned to her home in Carlisle after avisit to her sister, Mrs. Letton Vimont, near Paris.Misses Loretto and Nora snme,of Cynthiana, were week-end guestsof Mr. and Mrs. John snme, at tneirhome on Pleasant street.Rev. and Mrs. J. J. Rice leftyesterday for their new home in Harrodsburg where Rev. Rice will takepastoral charge of the Presbyterianchurch.Misses Theresa and KatherineHuerkamp have returned to theirhome in Cynthiana, after a visit toMr. and Mrs. Richard Welling, inthis city.Mrs. strother D.Goff. Mrs. Drugo,Misses Sarah Buckner and MaryAmis, of Winchester, were guests recently of Miss Lucy Sinlms, on Second street.Mr. and Mrs. James Fergusonhave returned to their home in Galion, Alabama, after a visit to relatives and friends in Bourbon andsurrounding counties.Mr. L. C. Bell, president of theCo-operative Land & DevelopmentCo., left Saturday for a business tripthrough the Big Sinking oil districtin Eastern Kentucky.Mrs. Charles P. Weaver, of Louisville, who attended the meeting ofthe Kentucky Federation of Women'sClubs, in Georgetown last week, isa guest of friends in Paris.Miss Juliet Turner and herguest, Miss Nell C. Givens, have returned to Hamilton College, at Lexington, after spending the week-endwith the formers mother, Mrs. Ed.Turner, near Paris.Mr. Clay Sutherland, of Paris,attended a meeting and banquetgiven at the Phoenix Hotel, in Lexington, Saturday night, by the salesmanagers and salesmen of the Swift& Co. firm of St. Louis and Chicago.Encouraging reports continue tocome frohi Mr. Frank P. Kiser, ofPaVis, who, with Mrs. Kiser, is inMiami. Florida, for his health. Mr.Kiser. has already derived considera-1Die oenent irom ms Eiay in me ouuny1 South.Reports from Mr. Luther Jacoby.of Hutchison, who is at the NortonInfirmary, in Louisville, state that heis very ill, with two nurses in attendance, and that the contemplatedoperation has been postponed untila more favorable opportunity.Paris friends have receivedpostcards frojm Lieut. Richard Herndon Waller, of Georgetown, formerlyof Paris, stating that he expects toreturn soon from overseas, wnere nehas been in the service with theAmerican Expeditionary Force.Luther ;K. Rice and May Goff,nrnminent Bourbon county livestock dealers, returned Sunday fromChicago, where they have been attending the International Livestockshnw and Shorthorn Congress.While there they purchased two herdbulls and two fancy bred cows.The following postcard 'invitations have been received by Parissociety ' people:"Pre-Lenton Dance, music bycrtifh'c RflYonhone Sextette. PhoenixHotel, Lexington, Ky., Friday. evening February 28, 1919. Subscription-,U.50- Hours, 9:00 to 2:00.W. P. Walton, Jr."vrxntfPTTCT -HIGH-GRADE COWSSimon'sFirst SpringDisplayCome in and see the new Spring Suits,Coats, Dresses, Waists, Skirts, Etc., wehave assembled. It is truly a worthydisplay of styles and values.HARRYM224-2S West Main St., Lexington, Ky;Main Street, Paris, Ky.TOBACCO COTTONAA 6 l-2c AAA 7 l-2c-AtKtetrrySimon.)impMMrT: mMmMMWMBMBbmmTheFairPust Received For OurlatestWE TOLD YOU SOAnd here they are all theeffects in Wall Paper.See our new Wall Paper Department, devoted to Wall Paper Exclusively:PLAIN AND PAINTED OAJIMEALS.IMITATION LEATHERS.JAPANESE GRASS CLOTHS.METALIZED TIFFANY EFFECTS.FLORAL, FRUIT AND FOLIAGEDESIGNS.JASPERS, CHAMBRAYS ANDSTRIPES.CUT-OUT BORDERS.RIBBONS AND BINDERS.Independent Ceilings, etc.Strictly New Goods.Prices, 10c up.Paper Hangers furnished on shortnotice.BIG CASHTHE FAIR.!XiSiurton'six Confectionery StoreSuccessor to Adami & Santi. IllAT PUBLIC SALE SATURDAYAt the public sale to be held at theTaylor farm, on the Paris and Maysvine Pike, near the city limits, nextSaturday, by Collier Bros., Mrs. J. U.Boaroman will sell her entire herd ofhih-grade dairy cows, all good milkerl and excellent animals for thedairy ' A fine cnance iui """get a 'dairy herd of proved value.ThW should he seen to he appreciated Terms will he made known onday of sale, which will be conductedbyyauctioneer George D. SPJtThis said to be one of the best dairywic.ti tiift state, aliuuu lio o.Florida FruitsBox CandiesKaltexRockersandChairsAll At20 Discount3g 55? If Si? 3433?sitililif i I liglilfllsMIiiPli5S352CVV"-IS'-Adami's Famous Recipe formaking delicious ice bream,Soda Water and .MixedDrinks still lised.Bulk Ice Cream(Made from Pure Cream)delivered for home use.1 Fancy Ices for PartiesFor the BEST, Set Us.FRANK BURTONThisMayflowerPuritanPhonographSells regularly everywhere at $125.00. It isin the Big Cash Sale at$100.00RUGS!T 1Don't fall to buy yourRugs now, when youcan set them at muchless;Every Rug at20 Discount1..wTt Saturday, beginmngat rtffi- ,-, . ;AGENT FOB M. IB0LDAND SONATA CIGARSaOur sales so far have been very large. We know we;give the best values.THE J.sT- HINTON COMOTOR HEARSE-MOTOR INVALID COACH"EITH ERPHON E" ;3Ssixth And main sts.iiMMnIXtarrtiKVIIXXilNo ChairMade Wearslike TheseAndjustthiak-you get them at20 DiscountUNDERTAKINGFnimiTHE B0TOBOH HEWS, PAEIS, KEHTUCRTUESDAY, FEBRUARY 25, lSlf.5-i& , . s f $"yf.siwvinr..'"' bu.&wj w w & sm jwmwm rk-ww'f, 'vrr-iW -f ylxv 'kWSl a?" &JHr SswSrf8aEiiM5r p?s.5if ;. .ss' vw. myxxda DoctorReared Her FamilyWITrt-SIMPLE HOME REMEDYAn American Mother Beats Them AllThere are few families in which therecord of Mrs. Gustave Koch, Box 24,Kewick, Keokuk County. Iowa, has beensurpassed. Not in the fact that sheraised a family of eight is her story I from such mothers as Mrs. Gustaveremarkable. Thousands of families) Koch. Long life to her! Peruna isare larger. The history of the Koch inrHmtPrt for nnnphs rnirta nat.. . . . w0 -WW.Vk, UIUxainny is unique in tnac tne motner,with all her loving care, pinned herfaith to a simple ;home remedy andnever had a doctor ifor her children.flEIere is what she says: "Peruna hasdone my children good. I have afamily of eight and never had adoctor, only your medicine. We allthink Peruna a splendid tonic.".So far as we have learned, Peruna is the only 'known remedy forwhich such a wonderful claim canbe made. 'Like Mrs. Koch, thereare thousands upon thousands ofmothers who place their entire dependence upon Peruna.That Peruna has merited thisconfidence Is attested by the wordsof the head, nose and throat, or disorder of the stomach, bowels orother organs due to catarrhal inflammation of the mucous linings.If you are sick and suffering,write the Peruna Company, DeptS-80, Columbus, Ohio, for Dr. Hartman's Health Book. It is free andyou may find that Peruna is whatyou need. Dr. Hartman's World Famous Peruna Tonic comes in eitherliquid or tablet form. Ask yourdealer. If you are seeking health,do not accept "something just asgood." Insist upon Peruna. Yourdealer will give you a Peruna Almanac.SOCIALISTS LEADERS GIVEN 20YEAR NTONCES. . .CHICAGO, Feb. 21. A maximumsentence of 20 years in LeavenworthPrison was imposed by Federal JudgeLandis Thursday, on Congressmanelect Victor L. Berger, of Milwaukee,and four other Socialist leaders, whoin final pleas compared themselvesto history's greatest martyrs.The five men, convicted of conspiracy to obstruct the draft in violation of the espionage act, obtainedtheir releases on $25,000 bail fromJudge Alschuler. They declared theywould carry their legal fight to theUnited States Supreme Court.Besides Berger, publisher of a Mil"waukee newspaper, the other convicted men are: Rev. Irwin St. JohnTucker, lecturer and writer; AdolphGermer, National Secretary of theSocialist party; J. Louis Engdahl,editor of the American Socialist, andWilliam F. Kruse, head of the YoungPeople's Socialist League.Judge Landis overruled motions forB(P' fit 9rw' ai i In&rITVmifm I XSjwvUiwaj -riff XXMWJ.R.FUNKMANUFACTIHUERAND DEALER JNHARNESS227 lut Jefferson StreetLOUISVILLE, KY.a new trial, for a stay of executionand for bail, but granted the filingof a petition for a writ of error.Counsel for the convicted men thenwent before Judge Samuel P. Alschuler, of the United States Circuit ofAppeals, and asked for bail.Judge Alschuler granted them bail,increased from $1 0,000 to $25,000,with the understanding that they refrain from resuming their former actsand utterances during pendency oftheir case. William Bross Lloyd, Chicago millionaire, who was the Socialist candidate for United StatesSenator at the last election, appearedand offered to provide surety for thefive, but scheduled only one fourthof the $500,000 required.The men were placed technicallyin the custody of the Federal Marshal, and late in the night their bondshad not been perfectedThe new bonds had been fixed at$25,000 on each count, and each ofthe five was found guilty on twocounts. The surety was required tobe double the sum fixed, or $500,000for all.ASSASSIN ATTEMPTS LIFE OF"TIGER OF FRANCE."ITfiYPTOITIV, GLASSES -GLASSESTHE INVISIBLE BIFOCALSLet us examine jour -eyes. Xoguess work- we katw how.Bttedfey ,Dr. Wm. Riley FranklinSuite 205-6 First National Bank,Both Phones. Paris, Ky.BRIGHTER.EVENINGSAEfc ymfimOgA," wA 1 p f'Nothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.f -" "UseSlectria'tyfor OgfttingIt's the only satisfactory way.use Setsfor iKatiRa aid CookingIt'i the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix You UpFar the Use of BothElectricity and Gas.CLEANSES YOU HAIRMAKES IT BEAUTIFULTHICK. GLOSSY. WAVYTry This! All Dandruff Disappearsand Hair Stops Com- ing OutSurely try a "Danderine HairCleanse" If you wish to fcnmediatelydouble the beauty of your hair . Just1 moisten a cloth with Danderine andj draw it carefully through your hair,taking one small strand at a time;this will cleans the hair of dust,dirt or any excessive oil in a fewminutes you will be amazed. YourhairWill be wavy, fluffy and abundant and possess an incomparablesoftness, lustre and luxuriance.Besides beautifying the hair, oneapplication of Danderine dissolvesevery paritcal of dandruff: invigorates the scalp, stopping" itching andfalling hair.Danderine to the hair is -what freshshowers of rain and sunshine are tovegetation. It goes right to the rootsand invigorates and strengthensthem. Its exhilarating, stimulatingand life-producing properties causethe hair to grow long, strong andbeautiful.You can surely have pretty, soft,lustrous hair, and lots of it, if youwill spend a few cents for a smallbottle of Knowlton's Danderine atany drug store or toilet counter andtry it as directed. (adv)ftectvtr Yur Frd Tp at Hm. ifyur dealer deet not carry our Recover an Curtains in Mock, write im forprices.Falls City Buggy Top Co.119 South Second. St.LOUISVILLE, KY.PARIS, FRANCE, Fb. 21."Resting comfortably," is the latestword concerning the condition ofGeorges Clemenceau, Premier ofFrance, who was struck by three bullets from the revolver of a would-beassassin as he was riding in a limousine to the Hotel Crillon Wednesdaymorning.One of the bullets entered his rightshoulder and lodged in the left shoulder, the two others caused only fleshwounds, their driving power beingchecked and almost stopped by theheavy fur coat the Premier was wearing. There is a good omen in the factthat the bullet which did cause actualinternal injury went clear through theflesh from shoulder to shoulder, leaving the spinal cord and lungs untouched. No arteries were severed.The would-be assassin, is under arrest-thoucrh doubts still shroud hisidentity. His name is said to be Emileio tun. une report says ne is a confirmed anarchist. His age is given as19 years.The fanatical mania with which hewas possessed, was shown by the boldness of the attack and the fact that hedid not let loose of the trigger untilevery bullet in his pistol had beenspent. But the vagueness of his aimresultine in most of the shots coine1wild, tends to confirm his youth anduie idea tnat ne is a cranK. 'mebullet -which wounded Premier Clemenceau nenetrated his luns. it wasrevealed by the official statement issued shortly alter noon Thursday.Tne oiticial statement reads :"The hemorrhage which occurredat 1 o'clock yesterday demonstratedthat the bullet penetrated the lungs.An X-rav examination disclosed theprecise location of the bullet.imt -l i-ne general condition is satisiactory. Temperature 98.4; pulse 72."Nourishment is normal."(Signed) "GOSSETT,"TUFFIER,"LAUBREY,"COMBE."After the X-rav examination hadbeen completed Premier Clemenceauwalked out on the balr.onv of hishouse, overlooking the garden, to takea oreatn ot iresh air. The morningwas a delightful one, the first realspring day.The Premier seemed vigorous, al-. , , , . . . "though he spat a little blood.The announcement made in the official bulletin caused some anxiety inthe immediate entourage of the Premier at his home, and the news thathis condition was more serious thanat first reported spread quicklythroughout Paris, causing widespreadexpressions of sympathy.The Premier, however, bore up remarkably well durinsr the morning.refusing to return to his bed and receiving numerous callers, amongwhom were William G. Sharp, theAmerican Ambassador, and AdmiralBenson, U. S. N.The Ambassador told the Associated Press representative that he foundPremier Clemenceau in th& hst. nfspirits, displaying wonderful courage,ana cneenuiness.Cottin, who shot Premier Clemenceau, probably will be tried underthe law of 1893, passed after an an-arcnist attempt m the .French Chamber of Deputies, by which he is liable to the death penalty even thoughdeath does not result from the attempt. He will be tripH in it Acsizes Court and not by a court-martial,as Paris is no longer in a state ofsiege.oA CHILiyS TONGUESHOWS IF LIVER ORBOWELS ARE ACTIVEIf Cross, Feverish, Sick, Bilious,Give Fruit Laxative.At Once.Big Special!Paris Gas & Electric Co.(InooriomM)10 Pound BucketPureLard$2.50S ) j"MflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketEvery another realizes after givingher children "California Syrup ofFigs," that this is their ideal laxative, because they love its pleasanttaste and it thoroughly cleanses thetender little stomach, liver and bowels without griping.When cross, irritable, feverish orbreath is bad, stolnach sour, look atthe tongue, mother! If coated, givea teaspoonful of this harmless "fruitlaxative," and in a few hours all thefoul, constipated waste, sour bileand undigested food passes out of thebowels, and you- have a well, playfulchild again. When its little systemis full of cold, throat sore, has stomach-ache,diarrhoea, indigestion,colic remember. a eood "insidecleansing" should always be the firsttreatment given.Millions of mothers keep "California Syrup o'f Figs" handy; theyknow a teasponful to-day saves a sickchild to-morrow. Ask your druggistfor a bottle of "California Syrup ofFigs," which has directions for babies, children of all ages and grownups printed on the bottle. Beware ofcounterfeits sold here, so don't befooled. Get the genuine, ttnade by"California Fig Syrup Company."(adv)oMEN ENTER CORN CONTESTThe People's Bank of Bardstownis offering premiums totaling: $100in a five-acre corn-growing contestIt is hoped to use these plots as demonstrations of what can be grown onNelson county farms.oDREADFUL COUGH CURED.A severe cold is often fpllowed bya rough coufirh for which flhamhpr.Iain's Cougli Remedy has provenespecially valuable. Mrs. F. W. Olson, Marysville, Mo., writes: "Aboifctwo years ago my little boy Jeancaught a severe cold and cougheddreadfully for days. I tried a number of cough medicines but nothingdid him any good until I gave himChamberlain's Coueh Remedv. Tf ro.lieved his, cough right away and bVtore ne had finished taking one bottle he was cured. I think it is iiiHtfine for children."N (adv-Feb.)i-o-You never hear a wife admit thatshe is wrong. But at that she won idrather admit that she was wrongthan admit that her husband is right.TOBACCO MARKETSThe Bourbon Tobacco WftrphoiiRPCompany Friday sold 79,285 pounds jor to Dace o ior an average ox $7U.zu Iper hundred pounds. The followingcrop averages were reported:Mrs. W. B. Woodford & Bros, sold3,415 pounds, average $79.20.Hancock & Smith sold 6,120 poundsaverage $53.41., McCray & Workman sold 4,150pounds, average $49.93.Cleveland & Hamilton sold 3,451pounds, average $48.91.Meng & Talbott sold 3,410 pounds,average $57.75.Clay & Shrout sold 3,785 pounds,average $62.69.Clay & Elam sold 7,725 pounds,average $35.95.Joe Bodkins sold 10,410 pounds,average $53.30.Allison & Berry sold 1,610 pounds,average $53.30.H. H. Allison sold 1,795 pounds,average $33.44.Woodford & Frakes sold 5,420pounds, average $59.18.Mrs. W. B. Woodford & Bristowsold 3,300 pounds, average $72.53.Jones & Carmody sold 1,685 poundsaverage $35.74.Jones & Shaw sold 2.630 -nonndfi.average $38.61.W. T. Daugherty sold 2,075 poundsaverage $39.04.J. G. Redmon & Tucker sold 5 1 BKpounds, average $52.04.Letton & Mclntyre sold 3,070pounds, average $64.55.Adair & DeJarnett sold 1,560pounds, average $70.73.Baldwin & Banta Bros, sold 1,455pounds, average $71.27.Booth & Green sold 1,645 pounds,average $4b.i.Burns & Lee sold 2,560 pounds,average $55.59.oThis seems to be incontrovertible:The best argument for Bolshevism isautocracy and the best argument forautocracy is Bolshevism.n1 IMPORTANTFACTOR INX EXPENSE"Many months of comfort at littleexpense" is the way Charles A. Pearson of San Diego, California, sums uphis experience with Neslin Soles. Mr.Pearson had two pairs of shoes resoled with Neolin Soles, and afterwearing them for twenty monthswrites "I will have to get new shoessometime, but so far as the soles areconcerned, that time seems as fardistant as when they were new."This is typical of the experiencemillions are having with Neshn Soles.Created by Science to be durable,flexible and waterproof, these solesare an important factor in cuttingshoe expense. You can get them onnew shoes for the whole family, andfor re-soling. They are made by TheGoodyear Tire & Rubber Co., Akron,Ohio, who also make Wingfoot Heelsguaranteed to outwear all other heels.fleolin SolesTrdo If ark Be?. U. S. Fat. Off.lFFor Influenza!For influenza and after effects,use K. U. Tablets. They build upyour nerves and ?tnmnnh -i-iasystem of all aches, pains 'and, tiredcciiiiBa. xney restore vigor andvim. They are fine for headacheand rheumatism. The contents of K.U. Tablets are ncuid ivc- oil nt vyujoiuiajiB oi me country.Don't be without them in yourhome. Once tried they are alwaysused. They are put up in 10c and25c boxes and are for sale by alldruggists and groceries.Distributed by theK. U. CHEMICAL CO..568 McClelland Building7feb-3mos) Lexington, Ky. jWilraoth'sFreshHomelBaked Breads,Cakes, Pies, Etc.DailyFreshMeats,Roasts,Steaks,Chops, Fancy Goods.FamousCoffees and TeasWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376Freqieit Freifkt ServiceBY TRACTIONKy. Traction &TermiialCe.Aetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityAnd OtherCasualtiesA. J. FEEAGENT15g?g5Sg5;5J5ggS55;5;5g5-.Ji-a;imnMiI TobaccoCottonlALLGRADESSee Us ForThe BestPriceTwin Bros.Department StoreI Main and 7th Paris, Ky.Ttt-g-e-THE BOURBONTobacco Warehouse Co.(Incorporated)Total Sales for the Season6,116,245 PoundsFor $2,597,002.58; Average $42.47eWe hold the season average for the ParisMarket and tat e of Kentucky(BmKs Shown In Proof of Above Claims.)We Lead the State !Plenty of Room to Get In!Drive Right In!The Bourbon tobacco Warehouse Co.(Incorporated)PARIS, KENTUCKY-m"gi-feTtJESDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1919.THE BOUEBOH HEWS, PABIS, KKHTUCXTPAGUfflETXaTossssKenA Iavaf "SFaveS157 dfaaWV & v? a&l?SoaplnanicftargetPackagesJustatablespoonful of GRANDMA, the wonderful powderedsoap in the water. That takes theplace of all the chipping, slicingnd rubbing that you do nowwhenever you wash or clean.And you save soap. You knowjust bow much to use.Isn't it simple? What woman wouldput up with the fuss and bother ofbar soap lying around and wastingway, when she can now hare thismarvelous poxvdered soap.Try this Powdered Soap Today!Grandma's Powdered SoapSaves TIME Saves WORK Saves SOAI?Your Grocer Has It!umWW Or WINCHESTER OPH- BLTOGRASS' STATE SENT 75,043CIAL SUCCEEDS HOC.Members of the Winchester CityCouncil have entered into an agreement by which the office of City Collector, made vacant by the death ofShirley J. Hadden, shall be given tolila widow, Mrs. Leona Hadden. whowill fill out the unexpired term,Mrs. Hadden is familiar with theditties of the office and is highlyefficient. This action of the Councilhaa met with universal public favor.oGeorge Bernard Shaw, having explained all the peace problems thatwill come up before the Versaillesconference, the world is more In the4axk than. ever.ft CLEAR COMPLEXIONSOLDIERS IN WAR.A table showing the number ofmen furnished to the arinv bv eachState during the war was made public recently oy tne war .ueparunent.New" York led with 367,864 andNevada stood last with 5,105 in thetotal of 3,757,624 men obtained bydraft, voluntary enlistment orthrough the na'tional guard. Themen actually furnished ran veryclosely, the table shows, to the obligation of the State making theirquotas proportionate to their population.The fieures are comniled ud toNovember 11 and the grand total includes the overseas garrisons inPorto Rico, Hawaii and the Philippines and in Alaska as well as theAmerican expeditionary forces andthe army at home.Kentucky furnished 75,043 soldiers.Raddy Cheeks Sparkling EyesMost Women Can HaveSays Dr. Edwards, a Well-KhowaOhio Physiciantv. T? M. Edwards for 17 vears treatedscores of women for liver and bowelalments. During these years he gave tohis patients a prescription made of a fewwell-known vegetable ingredients mixedwith olive oil, naming them Dr. Edwards'Olive Tablets. You will know them bytheir olive color.These tablets are wonder-workers on theliver and bowels, which cause a normalaction, carrying off the waste and poisonous matter in one's system.Tf -ctmi haw a nale face. saHow look.auHeyes, pimples, coatedtongue, headaches, aCATARRH CANNOT BE CURED.with LOCAL APPLICATIONS, as theycannot reach the seat or the disease.Catarrh is a local disease, srreatly influenced by constitutional conditions,and in order to cure it you must takean internal remedy. Hall's CatarrhMedicine is taken internally and actsthrough the blood on the mucous surfaces of the system. Hall's CatarrhMedicine was prescribed by one of thebest physicians in this country foryears. It is composed of some ofthe beat tonics known.combined withsome of the best blood purifiers. Theperfect combination of the ingredients in Hall's Catarrh Medicineis what produces such wonderful re-senaPLANS PERFECTED TMR SOLDIERS' MEMORIAL "DRIVE"( Continued from Page 1.)pntivns -fvr croT.Vipririf in sufficientfunds for a suitable and lasting Memorial to our .Bourbon heroes can oestarted at the earliest possible moment.The following subscriptions pledged to the Monument Fund were announced Wednesday night.John T. Collins $200.00N. F. Brent 200.00Ed Burke 100.00H. A. Power 100.00Catesby Spears 100.00John Willie Jones 100.00W. G. McClintock 50.00Woodford Buckner 50.00E. T. Hinton 50.00Pete Cain 25.00Below will be found the list of Committeemen who will conduct the coming Drive:Paris Precinct No. 1.F. P. Lowry, Chairman.Newton Mitchell, Vice Chairman.John Yerkes.Thos. Kiser.Chas. Stephens.Harry Kerslake.C. N. Fithian.F. M. Clay.Paris Precinct No. 2.W. G. McClintock, Chairman.H. A. Power, Vice Chairman.Swift Champ.A. B. Hancock.James McClure.W. H. Whitley.Edward Prichard.Rudolph Davis.J. J. Williams.E. H. Gorey.W. W. Mitchell.John Merringer.Thos. M. Allen.Tilford Burnett.Jas. Connell.W. V. Shaw.Paris Precinct No. 3.J. O. Marshall, Chairman.D. C. Parrish, Vice Chairman.F. P. Kiser.Dr. H. M. Hamilton.Denis Dundon.G. W. Stuart.E. T. Rule.W. O. Hinton.Edward Burke.Frank Skillman.Doug. Thomas, Jr.J. Sims Wilson.Elmer Myers.Paris Precinct No. 4.G. W. Wilder, Chairman.J. J. Grosche, Vice Chairman.Rev. Father Eugene DeBruyn.K. jj. amittt.tlFT OFF CORNS!Apply few drops then lifttouchy corns off withfingersww, . . -:T.i.:r,'.n' t -al55S:fS . J3&5"Vlararric'DiVA inniPTTllnUYUXaUUN '' .v. -.v.... "t - : 'and note the pleasing results.Thousands of women as weU as mentake Dr. Edwards Olive Tablets the successful substitute for calomel now andthen just to keep in the pink of conditioo,lie and 25c per box. All druggists.F. J. CHENEY & CO..Toledo, Ohio.Sold by druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (adv)Economy, the Nation's WatchwordTkere is health as well as economy tobe sained In grindlnr yoar own tour, withthe added satisfaction of know In it is ab-selnteiy clean. '"Wbele wheat swans better healthfor the whele family and is moat Important where there are children.TheWm iwvnJL -ApacheGrist MaiOperate Easily,Rapidlyand Lasts a LifeTimeuruns easily aid grinds rapMUy, quickly transformingwheat into whole wheatfloar. It makes corn meal.rye flour, hominy cracks, peas, beaas and grindscoffee, spices, and has saany other uses and Isneeded In every home.Yoir Chicken Will Gladly Pay For It'Feed your chickens groand feed and you willsoon save the price of an Apache Grist Mill. Theywill be healthier. They will lay more eggs. lourfeed bill will be lass. You can feed a balanced ration and taas getthe best results.A. H. PATCHIncarceratedCLARKSVILLE - - - TENNESSEEESTABLISHED 1SS5.. r .A, .A ! maker ef BLACK HAWK Cora Smaller,world. Conceded by all to be The Best Brer Made.TricePrepaidJ I IBIS CffSSISBH1 BmCB n!Sklip a MrANDmflv both derive saiisfaction'by having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting .a greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings U3.LRVY THE DRY CLEANERCumberiad Phone 40 Home Phone 1692Doesn't hurt a bit! Drop a littlePreezone on an aching corn, instantly that corn, stops hurting, thenyou lift it right out. Yes, magic.A tiny bottle of Freezone costs buta few cents at any drug store, but issufficient to remove every hard corn,soft corn, or corn between the toes,fund the calluses, without soreness orIrritation.Freezone is the sensational discovery of a Cincinnati genius. It iswonderful.(adv)oBED CKOSS RESCINDS ORDEH TO"CEASE KNITTING."Judge Ernest Martin.C. P. Cook.Here's the big work, littlecost tractor the TitanTHE Titan 10-20 has been on the market foryears, and has made good without reservation.; 10 horsepower at the draw bar 20 horsepowerat the belt.A well-balanced tractor that is suited to all farmj power work. It drives easily, affords maximum pulling power for its weight, and is suited in every way tothe general run of farm work. Not too large for the( small farm, yet large enough to handle a great volume, of work.i-"iwF. J. Savage.Wm. Myall.S. H. Stivers.Buckner Woodford.Walter Clark.S. Kenney Nichols.J. H. Hibler.Withers Davis.Will S. Arnsparger.Ed. Burris.Chas. Green.Paris Precinct No. 5.M. J. Lavin, Chairman.M. P. Collier Vice Chairman.Jas. M. O'Brien.L. D. Harris.Harry Baldwin.Wm. Remington.John F. McCarthy.J. E. Craven.L. Vanhook.E. B. January.A. B. Lovell.Frank White.Geo. Doyle.Paris Precinct N. 6.E. F. Clendenin, Chairman.D. S. Henry, Vice Chairman.J. Will Thomas.W. T. Bryan.C. K. Thomas.John L. Soper.John P. Young.J. W. Bacon.L. D. Redmon.Chas. P. Mann.Hord Mann.North Middlatown Precinct No. 1.J. T. Collins, Chairman.J. W. Jones, Vice Chairman.H. S. Caywood.C. C. Clarke.W. A. Thomason.C. M. Thomas.E. M. Costello.J. W. Young, Jr.Jno. J. Redmon.Roy McCray.L. H. Bryan.B. F. Dalzell.Davis Patrick.L. D. Mitchell.Robt. Gilkey.North MiddUtown Precinct No. 2Charlton Clay, Chairman.Capt. F. E. Nelson, Vice Chairman.S. Brooks Clay.M. Hume Payne.Millersburg Precinct No. 1.W. D. Mclntyre, Chairman.J. P. Redmon, Vice Chairman.Jos. H. Farris.J. C. McDaniels. 'O. R. Rankin.C. B. Layson.J. C. Leer.A. T. Moffett.K. D. Burroughs.H. M. Boxley.M. D. HurstJno. Talbott.Millersburg Precinct No. 2.O. E. Hurst, Chairman.Sanf ord Allen, Vice Chairman.Letton Vimont.J. T. Jefferson.Alex Miller.'Geo. Stoker.J. D. Booth.D. E. Clark.A. C. Ball.R. L. Tarr.Geo. Stoker.J. D. Booth.Clintoaville Precincts No. 1 and 2Jno. Woodford, Chairman.L. K. Rice, Vice Chairman.Jas. Woodford.Lee Stephenson.G. K. Jones.Sam Weathers.Geo. W. Dawson.Less Hagan.Little Rock Precinct Ne. 2.Sam Clay, Chairman.Jas. L. Dodge, Vice Chairmaa.'iouis Taylor.Jesse Alverson.G. W. Redmon. , ,. Jno. G. Redmon.T. J. Redmon.Thos. Drennan. vH. B. Pence ' .: XW. W. Jtenney. ,W.' P. Wornall. t .Need for both knitted aid sewedgarments at the rate of a (million amonth for destitute war refugees ofEurope and the near East causedthe American Red Cross to rescindthe order sent last December to allchapters to "cease knitting."Although the need for knitted garments for American soldiers, sailorsand marines has passed, Harvey D.Gibson, Red Cross Commissioner toEurope, has sent word to neaaquarters that the new requirement wasfully as pressing as the old."The need is great to a degree fewat home can possibly realize," saidMr. Gibson in his appeal. "Everygarment furnished will cover a bodywhich otherwise would lack properclothing and each garment will actually prevent suffering. We shouldbe assured that we can count on youfnr 1.000.000 garments montniy.WhMi clothinxr now in stock is ex-hausted, second-hand clothing Bttouiabe utilized for remaking. TUis woncby chapters should go on unabatedfor some months Co come."Materials now on hand, it wasRjHrJ are sufficiently larce to supplychapters without cost. The knittedgarments will be confined to chil-(dren's stockings, sweaters, mufflersand women's shawls.Use it with an Oliver Plow' We recommend that you use an Oliver plow withyour Titan tractor because it means the best plowingunder all conditions. The combined rolling coulterand jointer buries all trash and weeds at the bottomof the furrow; the stop device maintains an even depthof furrow; the plow points enter and leave the groundfirst, making it possible to plow clear to the ends of thefield; and the trip rope control operates easily fromthe driver's seat on the tractor.We have a full line of Oliver plows as well as thevTitan tractor here at our salesroom.C. S. BALL GARAGEy..INDIGESTION.Tatro a fAw doHAH of Chamberlain'sTablets as directed for indigestion.and you will soon forget about yourstomach troubles. Try it.(Adv. Feb) ,: m H - ? 'i T " i 1 A . . " 'GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Cormr Fifth and Ptauant Stmts, Paris, Ky.::ii:xflsttcES. P. Harding.Tollie Young.Fred Fister.Jas. M. Caldwell.Aylette Buckner.W. .M. Rogers.Frank Collins.Hutchison Prciact No. 1.Joe Hopkins.Jas. H. Thompson, Chairman.Robt. Meteer, Vice Chairman.O. B. Lloyd,Jno. S. Wiggins.Jas. W. Whitsett.W. K. Dudley.Joe Jacoby.J. C. Beatty.Hutchison Prcinc No. ZJohn M. Brennan, Chairman.W. B. Ardery, Vice Chairman.W. W. Hall.Chas. White.Matt Lair.Jno. Bell.Tom Mitchell.Jno. Wright.Hugh Ferguson.Will Whaley.D. G. Taylor.Centerville Prcinc No 1.V. W. Ferguson, Chairman.G. R. Burberry, Vice Chairman.H. S. May.E. F. Poe.J. N. Kendall.Wm. Sparks.H. H. Chinn.H. C. Clifford.V. W. Ferguson.Jno. Welch.J. L. Leach.Genterviile Precinct N.o 2.John M. Clay, Chairman.Stanhope Weidemann, Vice Chairman.Jno. M. Leach.Chas. Cox.J. M. Ward.Ruddles Mills Precinct N. 1.Geo. Current, Chairman.James Fisher, Vice Chairman.- Geo. Wyatt, Jr.J. C. Howard.Dr. G. L. Rankin.J. A. Wagner.Ruddles Mills Precinct Ne, 2.J. Harry Holt, Chairman.Amos Turney, Jr. Vice Chairman.B. B. Marsh.Geo. K. Redmon.T. H. Talbot.Little Rock Precinct Ne. 1.S. Ray Burris, Chairman. 'Rev. Ward Russell, Vice Chairman.B. F. Hopkins.J. E. Boardman.Robt. Letton.Robt. Parker.Houston Crouch.Frank Clark.Tip Hinkle.R. H. Burris.F. F. Burris. , ,Clifton Gillispie. 'Dr. P. L. McClure,W. P. Thomas. $C. H. Ralls. ?L M. Stewart: ?' tNew Toll Rate Effective January21st, 1919Order No. 2495 of the Telegraph and Telephone Administratesiseued by the Postmaster General a t Washington, December 13th, & mtw .toll rate is ordered effective Januarry 21, 1919. . -According to our interpretation of this order the toll rates will fcaclassified as follows: The day rata applies between the hour of 4:31 fem. and 8:30 p. m. ' i i I v 3 4'4Hfsage only, shall be approximately 50 per cent less than any day rate,but no night rate for less than 25 cents.Another night rate batween 12 midnight and 4:30 a. m. shall he a.Vroximately 75 par cent, lets than th e day rate, but no night rata kaa .than 25 cents. jPerson-to-person messages shall be approximately 25 per camt. ,higher than station-to-itation rates. ' ' 'Appointment calls shall be appr oximately 50 per cent, higher taamstation-to-atation calls.Calls which require service of. a messenger shall take the aiBltment rate, plus cost of messenger fee.A report charge of approximatly 25 per cent, of the station-to eta-tni rofa 'will Ka mH ntl all VAlHti- fA-noiAn 1fi Tertian vtwtt - ---fr.wu iw .. MAW. w. yvtuvu- ku-yvtovu vm i iir, TTA&wb Lre0Va WMvW4- f . will it a... tm ..u. iu i ...x .- iixa uuc xu vf nui uut wu, wt ii ymxij u tuiiug id uui wueu coauecfcion ispleted within one hour after filing time.Paris Home Telephone & Telgraph Co.fo r (Incorporated.)J. J. VEATCH.District HanaeerW. H. CANN01T.Local HanaeerelAsssAszs.NsssA.NsssABSiSaaiAMBASBAaSASelASI Bourbon LaundryI DAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsH Telephone No. 4IIIXXIXIADXIXIIwmf - ibhh a: j iejsUBBiBjejBT a ''ejseau.Bu.'asssi.3"-mm$-i?Pir!mmmm- - 'v.HHMWinBBaBMMWest Fifh StreetloiTinnnTinu 5ISATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD! IWith all the latest imnrove- siiS. ntATltstM ...JU.....1.' .3r i prepared to do work infe-J rior to norie, and solicit x" f- J your Pttronie. ,The Bourbon Laundry"!r-ans, JtentucKy JV sE "" X "J i-. .l - . SBC . JBBIB flt" I I J"i n 3Be :Send That Next Job of Printing to TaBourbon News. Best Work; Right Prieee-.)-irt mX'.ijfM EIGHT"THE BOUIBON HEWS. PABIS, KEKTUCKTTUESDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1119.tc? THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMOMILLERSBURGDEATHS.-. .mI1m' VtJt Mr. iT.rM. Thompson is impror-'ing. , l "Vc'Mrs. ' Toadvine- 4s confined tof her. borne with pneumonia "irx Mr. S. R,. Butter, and Mrs. JT. H.K Collier are able' to" sit -up, some.- ;,; . ' Mr. T. W. Current and $Wj3ueBascom are confined to theirf.fcomevitli "flu." . I ' . .'Mr. John V. Ingels and familyreturned Saturday to their farm nearEminence.Miss Ethel-: Fisher visitedfriends in. Frankfort frofn Saturdaymtll' to-day. - -Mrs. C.E. Rhodes, of Flemings"burg, was the guest of Mrs. M. D.Hurst, Friday.:r.VtuMr. Roy Endicott, of Cincinnati; O., spent a few days here during the past week.Mr. H. A. Sheeler, who has beenconfined to his .home with illness, isable to be out again.Dr. A. D. Plupimer and sister,Miss Carrie Plummer, were guests of,: friends in Lexington, Saturday.Mrs. J. D. Redd and Mr. and, Mrs. L. S. Frederick were recent visitors of Mr. Bell and family, nearMr. James Buckler and ffjmlly,vrhn are confined to their home! with the "flu," are imprvlngnicelylt Mrs. Couijmodore Grinnell and- children, of Paris, were guests of her, parents, Mr. and Mrs. H. A. Sheeler,, last week.Mr. G-. E. Reynolds and fclnilyJ mo-ved Thursday to their countrytome from that of her parents, Mr.' and Mrs. E. M. Ingels.TEAGALL.- rAn infant child of Mr. and Mrs.JohiStegall, died of influenza at thehomeof its parents, near North Middletown. The funeral was held inthe North Midflletown Cemetery.There-afe-pevral uases of the diseasejjn.vthe family, the mother herself being ill.' - The father, who hasbeen in Francewith the AmericanExpeditionary-Forces, has just landed in New York, and is expected toreturn to his home Soon.FEEBACK.The body of Mrs. Sallie Feeback,aged sIixt"y1five, who died at the Homeof her daughter, in Atlanta, Ga., afew hours after her arrival there on.a visit, arrived in Paris, Saturdaymorning, and, following services ather late home at the corner of Ferguson and Seventh streets, conducted Rev. W. E. Ellis, of the ParisChristian church, the interment tookplace in. the Millersburg Cemetery.Mrs. Feeback is survived by sixchildren, Mrs. Riley Martin, ofParis; Misses Mary, Lucy and Bessie Feeback, f .Atlanta, Ga., HarveyFeeback, of Paris, and Edward Feeback, of Ironton, Ohio.LANE.Carmen Lane, aged five, son ofMrs. Elizabeth Seaton Lane, diedSunday morning at 6:30 o'clock, atthe Massie Memorial Hospital, in thiscity, from pneujmonia, following anattack of influenza. He was a brightlittle fellow, who made many friendsin Paris.He is survived by his mother anda half-brother, John Lane, and hisgrandfather, Mr. John H. Seaton.The funeral was held yesterday af-The household effects of the late ( ternoon at two o'clock, with servicesconducted at the grave in the Jacksonville Cemetery.J Mrs. M. E. Martin were sold at public-sale Saturday afternoon, every-. thing bringing good prices.Mr. J. C. Leer entertained ajnmnber of friends with an elaborate'""sSV-eiT o'clock' dinner at the. Stout'Cafevat Paris, Friday' evening.'..".. Mr. Marklandand family haven&yed to the property of Mrs. SueB... Sandusky, on Vimont street, fromI?e farm of Mr. T. W. Current.Called meeting of Amity LodgeNo, 40, F. & A. M., at 7:30 p. m., foriJjp purpose of conferring the Third.D&free. All members urged to be".pre .nt.Our town andSMITH.The body of Mr. Curtis Pendleton Smith, a former resident ofBourbon county, who died at hishome in Dallas, Texas, arrived inParis, Saturday morning, and wastaken from the Louisville & Nashville train directly to the ClintonvilleCemetery, where the interment tookplace, "with a short service held atthe gravside. Services were alsoconducted at Dallas hefore the bodyleft for Paris.Mr. Smith went to Dallas frompnmtnnnltv -nraa I "Rnnrhmv rvmintv in 1SR7 nnrJ tnnr nnsoii!what" surnrised Saturdav after- the practice of law. In 1891 henoon when it was learned that Miss j was married to Miss Anna ElizabethGeorgia McDaniel had been united in Ulenick, daughter of Mr. and Mrs.Jcn&rriage to Mr. Monroe Leer, at J win. R. Renick, of Bourbon county,Lexington, that afternoon. It was j who survives him. His only son,k&own by some that they were I William Renick Smith, formerly onsweethearts for some little time, buttheir most intimate friends did notbelieve that their courtship wouldu(minate-in matrimony so soon.Miss McDaniel is one of our mostprominent and attractive youngladles; the youngest daughter of Mr.aa& Mrs. J. F. McDaniel, her fathertoeing the Cashier of the ExchangeBank., She is a graduate of the M.C, and an instructor in the GradedSchool, having succeeded her sister.Miss Kizzie Mae McDaniel, who resigned her position to become thewife of Mr. C. H. Carrington, at present, doing service in France. MissMcDaniel is a member of the "Methodise Church, and a member of all ofthe. young peoples' societies of Thatchurch. She is also a 'prominent RedCross worker, and is a leader in manyof-thevorganizatioris-to' which she belongs. Mr. Leer is a son of the lateMr Monroe Leer, of Paris, and aprominent- young J-farmer of thiscommunity, with brilliant prospects.TJfce: young couple left Lexington after their marriage for Chicago, III.,vyfrere they will spend a portion oftSelr honeymoon, after which theywilt be at home tor their friends atthe, home of the groom near Paris.,- - - oBER'..TStttf; TOBACCO MONEY.GLo to the .Lovejl sale and buy thatsorftnum mill. It will make youmore money than tobacco.. Read thefife'' ad In THE NEWS. Geo. D.Speakes and M. F. Jenney Auctlon-&6rs.'BIRTHS.the editorial staff of the DallasTime-Herald, is now in France withthe 133d Field Artillery. Mr. Smithhad filled the. position of AssistantCity Attorney, Judge of the CityCourt of Dallas for four terms, andMayor of the city. Appropriate resolutions of respect were adopted bythe Board of Commissioners of Dallas, and the flag on the MunicipalBuilding was hung at half-mast.oThe son born a few days ago toMr. and Mrs. A. R. Dennison, ofRailroad street, has been christenedWoodrow Wilson Dennison.In this city, to the wife of Mr.Wm. Cooper, on February 15, a son,christened Robert Litsey Cooper. Onthe sajme day a daughter was bornin the home of Mrs. .Cooper's brother,Mr. Junius Litsey, at Ambridge, Pa.,and was christened Sue ForemanLitsey.1 oATTENTION. KNIGHTS TEMP1AERegular meeting of Couer de LionCo'mmandery No. 26, K. T., at theirmeeting place, to-night, Tuesday,February 25, at 7:30 o'clock. Business of importance.M. HUME BEDFORD, E. C.M. H. H. DAVIS, Recorder.-.iI The J. T. Hinton Co,--:., UNDERTAKERS.,';. . AND MMBAZMMRS'StreetParis Kv. -k&f,...s-m;t tUtiMttslnt Invalid Coach.Hearse usttf for funeral purposes only.,rx.- .VmMotor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourM TYTXX TnTATTfl .XVJljlUrlWUC. v iTODAY, TUESDAY, FEB. 25"The OKI4Homestead"The pathetia implicit; faith of the oldNew'England farmer in the deliverance ofhis boy from trouble is equaled only by hislaugh-provoking urisophistication.. -"Carol HoIIoway And Antonio Morenp in"THE IRON TEST55:And Pathe ComedyWEDNESDAY, FEB. 26Adolph Zukor PresentsPrivate Harold Peatin "Private Peat"The screen version of Peat's story willshow you what the American lads were up"against and what they fought' throughwith a grim. smile. -Also Bit V Comedy,"Submarines and Simps". . And Paramount Plctbg raph.THURSDAY, 'FEB. 27Norma Talmadgein "The Forbidden CityA thrilling story of old China, showingNorma Talmadge as San San and Toy.Toy's mother died, when the emperoRsaid"To the hall of flashing spears."Screen TelegramandLyons-Moran ComedyEdward Van Leeuvve OrchestraADMISSION ...' 22cGALLERY 15cu.The home of Tom. Perry, about fivemiles from Mt Sterling on the Spencer pike, wa& burned to the ground.The fire had gained such, headwaywhen discovered, it was Impossible toextinguish it. Some,householcL .goodsxr&rp saved. The nrieinof the fire isThe Congress of the Disciples ofChrist will be held in ' Lexington,April 22-24 at the Central ChristianChurch, and will be open1 to the general' public. Great' and vital issuesof religion as applied to currentneeds will be discussed and thespeakers will be eminent Ministersfrom several States, including Dr.Burris A. Jenkins, of Kansas City,who is so admired in. Kentucky, andwhose subject will be '"The Leagueof Nations." Rev. W. "B. Ellis, ofParis, is on the program for discussion of a paper on the general workof the church.Rev.' John J. Rice, pastor of theParis Presbyterian Church preachedhis last sermon in Paris in. that capacity Sunday night. Rev and Mrs.'Rice have gone to Harrodsburg,where "he will take charge of thePresbyterian?" congregation. Rev.Rice cam.4 'to Paris a "comparativestranger, 'but soon made A a host offriends, who wish his pastorate ofthe Harrodsburg church may be filled "with golden days of usefulness.At-the morning and evenirLg servicesMiss Mary Dan Harbison renderedbeautiful solos. The congregationof the church has not yet called apastor to succeed Rev. Rice."Mr. Dennis V. Snapp, SundaySchool Field Secretary for the Kentucky Conference, has been selectedas editor of the Sunday' School Department of the Central Methodist,the official organ of the Louisvilleand Kentucky Conferences of theMethodist Episcopal Chuch, South.The last issue of the Central Methodist contained a half-tonelcut of Mr.Snapp, together with his'flrst articles. His initial paragraph was:"The 'boys and girls who live in aChristian land, suVroundfefd withbeautiful church huildings, which arethoroughly equipped wi(ih SundaySchool departments, and 'vet do notavail 'themselves of these' blessingsare as- much in the dark as theblackest Hottentot in the jungles ofAfrica, so far as religious- educationis concerned."The members of the FidelisClass of the4 Paris Baptist SundaySchpp were entertained'C'by theirteacher, Mrs. T. W. Spider,, at herhome on HQU.sJ.on avenue, Saturdayevening from'7:00 to 10.": 00 with aColonial Party. The house was profuselydecorated with flags, hunting, hatchets and cherries Mr. andMrs. Spicer, as George and Martha,and Masterr Thomas, as TJncle Sam,received thef, guests; and after a merry evening of music,- games and refreshments, a flashlight 'picture ofall present in their qUaint andchai'ming costumes, was; taken byPhotographer Doty.This class has a membership of 35young girls from 13 to 17 years ofage. It has the largest-attendanceof any class in the Sunday School.Those present were: Misses Maggie Carr, Louise Collier, MildredCollier, Mamie Baldwin, Addie Eightmaster, Katherine Hatcher, Elizabeth Henry, Geraldine Herrin, Almeta Morrison, Thelma and SalliePayne, Elizabeth Stuart, Sallie Steagall, Aline and Thelma- Thomas, Virginia Thompson, May Tyree, IdaRankin, Katherine and Vivian. ,Wallingford, the Superintendent of theSunday School, Mr. J. T. 'Tucker andwife, and the pastor, Mr.JR: C. Goldsmith, and wife'.B-4 TIREInsure withW.O. HINTON &SON,AgtsoDEATH BY BTJUNINa.FATE OFTWO WOMEN.Beatrice Carson, cook for S. R.Stephenson, of Woodford county, wasfatally burned 'when her clothingcaught fire from an open grate. Intrying to extinguish teh-flatmes hothMr. Stephenson and his wife hadtheir hands badly, burned.Mrs. Coral B. Thompson 42 yearsold, was burned to death in her bedat her home near Lawrenceburg,Wednesday morning, when the bedclothing caught fire from a. cigarettewhich she had been smoking for relief of asthma. 'NORTH MIDDLETOWN COMMERCIAL CLUB ELECTS OFFICERSThe following officers, to serveduding the year 1919, were electedat a meeting of the North Middletown Commercial Club: Frank M.Tinder, president; Capt. Willam Collins, vice-president; A.'S. Trimble,secretary-treasurer. Immediately after the election of the officers members and guests adjourned to the Masonic hall, where lunch was servedby the ladies of .the community.President 'Tinder acted as toasH-nas-ter,a number of speeches were made,and a 'very enjoyable and enthusiastic time was had by all.Among the guests present and enjoying the evening were the following: F. M. Tinder, L. H. Bryan, J.C" Bryan, Sr., Robert Hopkins, Cant.Wm. Collins, Capt. Robt. G. Jones,W. S. Meng, J. W. Young, Jr., R. G.Young, Tollie Young, W(m. Redmon,H. S. Redmon, R. H. Ellett, J. M.Murphy,' F. W. Sledd, J. W. Jones,L. D. Mitchell, Henry S Caywood,Dr. Lee R. Henry, B. F. Judy and A.S. Trimble.Capts. Robert G. Jones and Wm.Collins, who had lately returned fromarmy service overseas, were honorguests of the Club. They "made shortaddresses detailing some of theirmost interesting experiences while inFrance and England and other placesduring the war.ATTEND THE LOVELL SALE.MATRIMONIAL.A marriage license was issuedSaturday from the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton to W. G. Kiserand Miss Rennie May Butler, both ofthis county.McDANIEL LEER.Our Millersburg correspondenttells of the culjmination of a prettyromance which occurred Friday afternoon in Lexington, when -MissGeorgia McDaniel, one of Millersburg's loveliest young women became the bride of Mr. J. MonroeLeer, of near Paris. They weremarried at the First MethodistChurch, in Lexington, Rev J." D.Redd, of Millersburg, officiating.After the ceremony they left for ahoneymoon trip to Chicago. On theirreturn they will reside at the homeof the groom; near Paris. The bestwishes of hosts of friends followthem.A GOOD INVESTMENT.Let the Peoples Building & LoanAssociation show you how to providefor the future. What a record! Tendividends averaging 7 per cent, annually. New series opens Saturdaynight, March 1, 1919, at thePeoplesDeposit Bank & Trust Co.(25-2t)That four-horse power steam engine to be sold at the Lovell sale maybe the very thing you have beenlooking for. Attend the sale and seeATTEND THE LOVELL SALEGo to the Lovell sale and buy afeed mill. It will be money savedfor yourself. Read the big ad in for you. Read the big ad in THETHE NEWS. Geo. D. Speakes and NEWS. Geo. D. Speakes and M. F.M. F. Kenney, Auctioneers. jKenney, Auctioneers.FINE HERD JERSEY COWS 'ATAUCTION ON MARCH 1.Mrs. J. U. Boardhian's entire herdof 19 high-grade, fresh milk cowswill be sold at auction at CollierBros.' sale near Paris, on Saturday,March 1. This is one of the bestherds of milk cows in. the State.Don't forget the place and date.(25-2t)-oORIENTALS EAT BALUTOver in the Phillipine Islands therefreshment and lunch stands sellbaluts as a great delicacy. Ofcourse, the American reader neverheard of a balut which looks like ahard boiled duck egg However,these eggs have been boiled after theeggs have been incubated for 19days. These cooked, unhatchedyoung ducks have a very agreeableflavor and are eagerly bought by theFilipinoes.INTERURBAN SCHEDULECARS LEAVELexington For Paris ForParis LexjnetonA. M. 6.00x A. M. 6:45A. M. 7:20 A. M. 7:215xA. M. 8:50 A. M. 8:15A. M. 10:20 A. M. 9:45A. M. 11.50 A. M. 11:15P. M. 1:20 P. M-. 12:45P. M. 2:50 P. M. 2rl5P. M. 4:20 P. M. 3:45P. M. 6:00 P. M. 5:15P. M. 7:20 P. M. 6:50P. M. 9:10 P. M. 8:15P. M. 11:00 P. M. 10:05(x) Daily except Sunday.KENTUCKY TRACTION AND TERMINAL COMPANYCLEAN SWEEPIOf All Fall F-. 1. ...AUNowiD Fallr uuiwear sg . .Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanoMONTGOMERY COUNTY HOMEDESTROYED BY.ftTRE.and WinterPrices are bringingcrowds of economyshoppers. Highestgrade footwear sacrificed at prices we ourselves cannot duplicate to-day.QUICK SALES COUNT!Buy now and buy all your shoe needs forthe entire family.JiSife,sszrJust a Few of the Hundreds of Marked Down PricesHeelLadies' Mahogany English or LouisBoots, with cloth tops to match,$5.00 values, atLadies' Mahogany Tan EnglishBoots, $6.00 values, atLadies' Grey Boots, Louis heel,best quality, all sizes, $5.95 valLadies' Dark Grey Boots, all kid QCtons. Walk-Over, $9.00 values, at..M-Ladies' Black English or CubanHeel Boots, $4.00 values, at$3.49$4.50$3.45$2.99Ladies' Assorted$5.00 values at...Broken Sizes,$1.95Men's Dark Tan English tA CA A AC$6.00 values at $4.0U-4.SJDMen's G. MJ English Walk-Over o AVtand other famous makes, $4.50 val. 0.fOMen's Gun Metal Lace, E. & J.makes, $4.00 values, atBoys' Gun Metal Lace, $2.50 val- -i tques at l.f 7$2.491Don't Miss This Money - Saving Opportunity.Sale Now Going On.DAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe Store . Where Beauty and lEconomy Reign"$ stMII I.I HtlMIHHmttMtttHHHmHli Umknown. ' . .'rs-w! '-- "-l - '&'f:. i-ijf,1