tJL t-- -i -: "CTHENEWSV,- 7PUBLISHED EVERY TUE&DAY AND ERTUY EN THE YEAR.y . .j. .-J -VOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, AUGUST 5. 1919BOURBONGOV. BLACK'S NOMINATIONSUEED BY 15,000.AS-Returns from outlaying districtsreceived late Sunday night indicatedthat Gov. James D. Black's pluralityover Judge Carroll throughout theState in the primary election of Saturday, would be approximately 15,000 or slightly more.Late Sautrday night GovernorBlack's majority was conservativelyestimate at 10,000 or more, with approximately fifty or more counties tohe heard " from. Returns receivedSunday swelled this total until lateSunday night it had reached almost15,000, which figures it is believedwill be the majority of the Governor. 'A close tabulation of the returnswould indicate that the followingticket has been nominated:Tor Governor James D. Black.Por Lieutenant Governor W, H.Shanks.For Secretary of State Matt S.Cohen.For State Auditor Henry Bosworth. For Attorney General Frank E.Daugherty.For Superintendent of Public Instruction L. E. Foster.For Commissioner of AgricultureJohn Newman.For Clerk of the Court of Appeals John A. Goodman.Only two races are in doubt.Goodman has apparently bested, fromall returns, Alvin Steager in theirrace for the nomination for Clerk ofthe Court of Appeals, while Foster,from all indications, has defeated Eubanks in the race for Superintendentof Public Instruction. These two,Jiowever, are not decided.Returns received up until lateSunday night left little doubt as tothe election of W. H. Shanks forLieutenant Governor; Matt S. Cohen,for Secretary of State; Henry M.Bosworth, for State Auditor; FrankE. Daugherty, for Attorney General,and John Newman, for Commissionerof Agriculture.The election passed off very quietly in this county, the voters apparently taking very little interest inthe event. It was estimated that approximately fifty per cent, of thenormal vote was cast. Carroll carried the county by four votes, whichmay be changed when the officialcount is made. Following is the unofficial vote:FOR GOVERNOR:Black 62jjCarroll 63Noel 4FOR LIEUTENANT GOVERNOR:Oldham .. . 'Shanks 7$7FOR SECRETARY OF STATE:Cohen "JHager lblMcQuery bDFOR AUDITOR: .117Rawlings x'Vance.. fBosworthBrouseFOR ATTORNEY GENERAL:T.ioanlw "3lusick - Vt122BakerDaughertyFOR CLERK OF COURTPEALS:'GoodmanO'Connell217AP-OF.339,428.219TOR SUPERINTENDENT PUBLICINSTRUCTION:TEank "JFoster "JKing " :LXTFOR COMMISSIONER OF AGRICULTURE: n .. 575eWl 696Newman ,In the Councilmanic race m tneFirst Ward the successful contestants were James H. Moreland. N.Ford Brent and John J. Williams,the former leading the ticket. Tlios.J. Kiser, a member of the presentBoard of Council, went down in defeat In the Second Ward, the candidates, Edward Burke, Hugh Brentand Catesby Spears had no opposition nor did George Doyle in theThird Ward. For Representative,James H. Thompson, having no opposition in the primary, was declaredthe nominee.Revised returns received je&wma,from all section of the State haveserved to reveal no material changesinTny of the numerous State racesamong Democrats, and the winnersTXTted by early returns continuedto hold leads, which assured theirrespective victories. Not one reversal in results is expected in the State.Among Democrats throughout theState Governor Black's race as thechief topic of primary aftermath Revised figures merely accentuate theremaikable features of bis decisivevictory. In most districts in meState the Governor's vote exceededHis own pre-primary estimates -andshow that his prediction of a 25,000majority will be close to the actualfigure when the official count ismade. . .Gov. Black's approximate majorities by districts follow: First, 4,372;Second. 1,930; Third, 2,904; Fourth,710- Seventh, 111; Eighth, 4,825;JOY EIDER SMASHES NEW'bUICKMAUHINE.Mr. Samuel Harding, prominentfarmer, residing on the North Middletown pike near Paris, purchased anew Buick machine a few days ago.Last Saturday afternoon Mr. Hardingcame to Paris on a business mission,and left his machine parked on Mainstreet, near Seventh.When he returned from his errandthe machine had vanished. Parties inthe vicinity told him that they hadseen a young man, dressed in a navaluniform climb in the machine anddrive away. The police dere informed, and a search was instituted.., . i uinix wao iu3uiui,cu.The machine was finally located nearMonterey, where the joy-rider had ev- Iidently lost control of it. The car hadcrashed into a pole at the side of thepike near the interurban track,wrecking the machine, and throwingthe pole across "the tracks. An incoming interurban car struck heshattered pole, but no damage wasdone to the car. The crew broughtthe information to Paris of the mishap, and a mechanic was sent out tobring in the wrecked car. At thegarage it was estimated that the carhad been damaged about $250. Itwas said that the young joy-riderwas named Butler. He made his escape. orra-n-r. ,T.ATTT . w mHAVE NARROW ESCAPE IN AUTO-MOBILE ACCIDENT.Mr. and Mrs. L. R. Rayburn, livingin Clark county, a few miles fromWinchester, came near losing theirlives Friday morning as a result ofan automobile accident on the Parisand Winchester pike, three milesfrom Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Rayburn were coming to Paris, and reaching the farmof Mr. Charlton Clay they noticed anautomobile coming toward them,which was swerving from one side ofthe road to the other. Mr. Rayburn steered his machine to one sideof the road, but the other car, whichwas driven by a negro named Brooks,of Paris, crashed headlong into hismachine.The impact of the collision smashed the front of Mr. Rayburn's carand threw the occupants from theirseats. Mrs. Rayburn received asevere gash in the head and severalcuts and bruises about the body. Mr.Rayburn was also Tmdly bruised aboutthe head. They were brought toParis to ttie C. A. Ball garage, wheremedical assistance was given them.The negro Brooks offered to pay forthe cost jf repairing the car and paythe physician's bill for serviceso tothe injured people. Brooks claimedhe lost control of his machine, andthat the accident was unavoidable.oMORGAN'S MEN REUNION.Members of John H. Morgan Camp,U. C. V., of this city, have receivedpost card notices from SecretaryHorace M. Taylor, of Carlisle, advising them of the coming reunion of"Morgan's Men." The men who casttheir fates and fortunes with thenoted Confederate leader will gatherat Olympian Springs, on Tuesday,Wednesday and Thursday, August26, 27 and 28, for their annual reunion. This is always an event affording great pleasure to the veterans, in the exchange of reminiscencesand the mingling together in comradeship. The local comp will bewell represented at the reunion.oTO THE PUBLIC.Having purchased of Mr. CharlesP. Mann his Racket Store in this cityI will at once close out at very lowprices some of the lines he has beencarrying. This will be done in orderto make loom for the new line of drygoods, silks, notions, shoes, etc., thatI have recently purchased, and whichwill be in and on display about Aug.6. My friends in Bourbon and Nicholas are especially asked to makenote of my location, 607-609 Mainstieet, Paris.(1-tf B. M. TUNE.-. oTHE KENTUCKY UNIVERSITYSUMMER SCHOOL COURSE.Two hundred and fifty studentscompleted the six weeks summerschool course at the University ofKentucky at Lexingn, Friday. Thefinal examinations began Thursday.This session has been pronounced oneof the most successful of any everheld at the University during thesummer. Bourbon county was represented by Miss Freida Heller and Mr.Byron Roberts, of Paris.Ninth, 2,741; Tenth, 3,357; Eleventh, .2,121. His total, with 17counties still missing, most of whichwill give him large majorities, is23,161.Judge Carroll carried the State District by 2,468 and the Fifth by 1,937, a total of 4,405, leaving Governor Black a majority of 18,756. Thevote for P. J. Noel, the third candidate in the race, was practically negligible."DRAT DEM ITJGHT SKIRTS" COLORED WOMAN'S LAMENTMary Davis, colored, residing in thecounty, near this city, is now a convert to the loose skirt for woman'sattire, and all because of the factthat the tight skirt she wore prevented her from escaping the clutches of a pursuing policeman.Mary's Nemesis was PatrolmanRobert Lusk, who may justly layclaim, after his performance, of being the champion sprinter of theParis police department. It happened in this wise, as the cause of Mary'sdownfall.The woman, who was right smart-a.ii uumaii, uu was IJ.5UL buiivi i-ly attired for one in her station oflife entered the store of Mr. DavidFeld, and made a small purchase ofsupplies. In payment therefor shetendered a check, purporting to bearthe signature of Walker Buckner, a!prominent farmer of the county. Thecheck was drawn for the sum of$10.50. Mary stated that the checkhad been given to her by Mr. buck-1ner in payment for services renderedin his household. Upon examiningthe check closely he found that the.I signature had ben written "WakerBuckner" the letter "1" in his first,name being omitted. Patrolman Luskwas summoned and being given adescription of the woman soon located her on High street. When in-formed that she was under arrest andtold of the charee the woman eath-ered her skirts about her knees andfled up the street like a frighteneddeer, closely followed by the pursuing officer. After ahase of overthree blocks the officer overtook thewoman and placed her under arrest,taking her to jail. The check waspronounced a rank forgery by-Mr.Buckner. On the way to jail thewoman said to Patrolman Lusk:"Darn these tight dresses. If Ihadn't had one of them on I surewould have got away. The case willcome up before County Judge Batterton for a hearing to-day. .O;ONE HUNDRED CATTLE SELL FOR$25,000.One of the biggest deals in Bourbon county cattle effected on thelocal market was carried throughyesterday when Mr. Chas. C. Clarke,of near North Middletown, sold toMoses Greenwich, of Chicago, 100head of export cattle averaging!--"500 pounds, at seventeen ceius perpound. The cattle will be shipped toChicago about August 21. Stockmensay this is one of the finest bunchesof cattle that has been sold in thiscounty for many years, and the pricerealized justifies the assertion thatthe cattle men are coming into theirown again. One Bourbon man hearing of the sale, remarked, "Justthink of going out into a pasture anddriving up $25,000 worth of cattle tothe buyer and getting the goods forthem. That's money for you!"oAERO-WEAVE SUITS.Stylish looking, comfortable feeling for hot days $18 and $20.J. W. DAVIS & CO.oSACKS.Grain Sacks for rent or sale.R. B. HUTCHCRAFT & CO.(julyl8-6t)LITTLEJOHN CARNIVAL COMPANY HERE NEXT WEEK.The Littlejohn Carnival Company,which is too well-known to Parispeople to need an introduction, willplay a weeks' engagement in thiscity next week, beginning Monday,August 11, and continuing to andincluding Saturday, August 16. Theattraction is being brought here under the auspices of the A. J. LovelyCompany No. 34, Uniform Rank,Knights of Pythias, of Paris.The Littlejohn shows have long enjoyed an enviable reputation as being clean and wholesome, and it hasbeen Mr. Littlejdhn's determinationto always keep them so. Nothing ofan objectionable nature will be tolerated, and the public will be assuredtimt thG shows will be ud to theusual high standard maintained inthe past, and which is a matter ofgreat pride to Mr. Littlejohn.. oPARIS BOYS WINNERS.Paiis boys, who have just returned from a two-weeks' stay at CampDaniel Boone, on the KentuckyRiver, took first place in the athleticand apuatic sports held at the Campon the last two days of their sojournwith a total of 125 points. Covington finished second with 110 points.The tatol ribbons won by the Parisboys aggregated nineteen blues andten reds. The winners were: Leslie O'Neill, J. Miller Dundon, YutakiMinakuchi, Richard Tucker, NorbertFriedman, Howard Roberts, Ray Cahal, Cletis Chipley, Mose Westerfield,Tom Spicer and Foster Mitchell.Five of the boys won bronze medalsin a required mental, physical andspiritual contest, viz: Cletis Chipley,Foster Mitchell, Norbert Friedman, J.Miller Dundon and Leslie O'Neill.THREATENED TIE-UP OF RAILROADS IN U. S.A complete tie-up of the railroadsof the county is very probable in theopinion of M. L. Hawyer, Presidentof the Chicago District Council ofthe Federated Railway Shopmen'sUnion, which called a strike of shopcrafts Friday. He returned fromWashington recently, and declaredthe .strike is spreading rapidly andthat the unrest among railway workers is so general that the movementhas overwhelmed the internationaloffices of the various unions involved.Advices from Cleveland were thatthe Executive Board of the AmericanFederation of Railway Workers, witha membership of 26,000, chiefly unskilled labor in Cleveland and theEast had decided to strike, accordingto Mr. Hawyer.The Maintenance of Waymen'sUnion is also preparing to strike, itwas said.With more than 250,000 shopmenon strike and the number increasing,both President Hawyer and SecretaryJohn D. Saunders declared railroadschedules and industry would be seriously crippled within a day or two.Already steel mills and other industries at Gray steel mills and otherindustries at Gary and other Northern Indiana points and in Chicago,have begun to feel the effects of thestrike, according to union leaders,and when the strike is- more completefactories and mills virtually would beforced to close down for lack of ore,coal and other essentials.LARGE CROWD ATTENDS NORTHMIDDLETOWN DINNER.During the month of August theladies of the Woman's Club of NorthMiddletown, assisted by the membersof the various societies of the church,will serve dinner at the old churchbuilding in that place. There was alarge crowd in attendance at thedinner given in the old building lastSunday night, many going fromParis. Next Sunday a chicken dinner will be served in the old churchbuilding at fifty cents per plate, withthe usual trimmings.For those who like to get awayfrom home for a few hours this wouldbe a treat, indeed. It is a nice rideover a good pike, and with the comparatively cool nights coming onnow. there could be no better form ofdiversion than to attend these dinners. They are to be given for thebenefit of the church funds, and inthe interest of such a worthy cause,should be liberally patronized. NorthMiddletown people have long had thename of being the most hospitable ofany in the county."VTeSATISFACTION IN CLOTHESCan Only Be Had When You Buy Your ClothingFrom a Dependable Store.nil Ilr-lMIlkMwu mammm f )ccv..wBiimimrwmm -"mwtowMITCHELL & BLAKEMOREStetson HatsNEWS ITEMS TELL OF SERIOUSIUJS SITUATION.The Kentucky Light and PowerCompany, operating the ice factory atHickman, in connection with theirpower plant, has raised the price ofice from 60 cents to 80 cents perhundred pounds and has cut out the5-cent chunk, selling nothing lessthan 10 cents' worth.A move to build an ice factory hasbeen set on foot at Lawrenceburg.The city had a small plant, but whenthe Kentucky Utilities Companybought the lighting plant, the iceplant, which was run in connection,was dismantled and ever since dealers have had to depend upon neighboring towns for their supply.To protect the city of Winchesterfrom an ice famine it may becomenecessary for the Kentucky UtilitiesCompany to purchase as much asfrom fourteen to seventeen tons ofice per 'day from Cincinnati thatwould have to be retailed at $1 perhundred, due to the high price whichis asked in Cincinnati.Not only is the Frankfort ice plantable to furnish sufficient ice to consumers in that city, but it is preparedto ship ice to surrounding citieswhere a shortage exists. F. J. Sutterlin, manager of the Frankfort IceCompany, stated that there would beno shortage of ice, but on the contrary, that his plant is now and willcontinue to ship ice out of the city.The ice shortage, 3ie said, wasbrought about by the continued hotweather which has prevailed sinceffie first of June.During the three days the Shelbyville ice plant was forced to shutdown last week, all of the 2,500blocks in the reserve supply wereconsumed and the demand more thanexceeds the daily output. No ice canbe secured from other cities, and asa consequence consumers are limitedto their minimum demands. Everyeffort is being made to take care ofthe city trade as far as possible.TWO ATJTOSON.A SINGLE-TRACKTwo 'automobiles, one belongingto Mr. William Vice, of Nicholas-, theother the- property of Mr. James Leggett, of Millersburg, met in-ahead-oncollision on Main street; in Carlisle,Saturday. Mr. Leggett's car wasbadly damaged, the front axle andwheels being twisted. Luckily noone was injured .in the collision.The damaged car was sent to agarage for repairs.Cmrrrttfht: 1917Nettleton Shoes 33MJ1Dr. Reed's Cushion Sole ShoesKnowEDWARD SIMMS ORGANIZES 'BOIL PRODUCING COMPANY.(National Petroleum News)"E. F. Simms, turfman and oilmagnate, of New York and Kentucky,in summer and Houston, Texas, iawinter, one of the greatest organizersof the petroleum industry, has completed the organization of anotherimportant producing company theSimms Petroleum Company, a Delaware corporation having 300,009shares of no par value and with $3,600,000 cash and 75,000 shares inthe treasury, with New York financial headquarters."Dr. I. C. White, the West Virginia geologist, estimates the 424,0facres in twenty Texas counties to beworth $20,000,000."Raised at Paris, Ky., Ed. Simmwent to Texas when Spindletop turned the eyes of thousands toward theoil business, but for some years hisfinancial success was meager. Mexico enabled him to get together acreage that brought to him outside capital and finally interested the Sinclair organization."It was Ed Simms, who organizedthe Freeport Sulphur Company, withproperties at Freeport, Texas, thatmade it about the greatest sulphurproducer of the world and remarkably profitable. It required threeyears, and more money than he had,to overcome the conservatism ofEastern capitalists, before he prevailed foresight, nerve and perseverence said to be sure winners ifconcentrated in the mind of one individual." AT THE PARIS GRAND AND THEALAMO THEATRE.To-day, Tuesday, August 5. Shirley Mason, in "The Rescuing Angel ;'William Duncan, in "The Man ofMight;" Pathe Comedy.To-morrow, Wednesday, AugustMarguerite Clark, in "CaptainKidd, Jr."; Big V Comedy, "Haremand Hokum;" Bray Pictograph.Thursday, August 7. Ladies THjBryant Washburn in ''A VeryGood Young Man;" Vod-aVil Movies;Pathe Review. Two ladies will beadmitted on Thursday, for one paidticket, plus two cents war tax.o' "DOKEY'S" COMING TO PARISA party from Ben Ali Temple, Lexington "Dokey" lodge, are planning1to attend the meeting of RathboneLodge, Knights of Pythias, at Paris,next Thursday night, when they willseek tyros for the big Labor Day initiation ceremonies at Lexington, on(September 1.HcrwThe suits we sell are tailoredand made by the best tailors.Style,WorkmanshipandQualityare to be found in Stein-Blochand Michael Sterns Clothes,whether for the young man orthe middle aged man.We can show you a vast assortment of colors and styles,and if you want service and satisfaction let your clothing comefrom our store.Summer Coatsand Trousersin Wool Crashes, Mohairs, PalmBeach and Kool Kloth$18 to $40fXManhattanlSMrts.MSAM3CaNaCtaraoETwoTHE BOTTEBON NEWS. PABIS. KENTUCKYTUESDAY, AUGUST 5, ISlf.CIIfMm BOURBON NEWSriablished 188137 Tears of Coxtinuons PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayP Year.. $2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Adavance.IWQT CHAMP. Editor and Owner.gartered at the Parle, Kentucky,Poetofflce as Mail Matter of theSecond Clase.)Aty erroneous reflection upon theMraoter, standing or reputation ofMy 'hereon, firm or corporation whichta&v-fenoa&r in the columns of THEJWURBON NEWS will be gladly cor-'reoted if brought to attention or tneditor.OUE EOREION EEPEESENTATIVES. Hfew York American Press Assoisi&tzan: Cfcieago Lord & Thomas., Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atlanta Massengale Adv. Agency.CSicinnati Elaine-Thompson Co.iKraisville Stark-Lowman Co.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perfeich for first time; 5u cents per inch(MMk.-subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per linepack issue; reading notices in blackifcype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reset vedBo decline any advertisement or otherlatter -for publication.Announcements for political officesaraet invariably be accompanied bycash.DEMOCRATIC TICKET.For Governor:James D. Black.For Lieutenant Governor:W. H. Shanks.Por Secretary of State:Mat S. Cohen.Por Auditor of Public Accounts :Henry M. Bosworth.For Attorney General:Prank E. Daugherty.For Clerk of the Court of Appeals :John A. Goodman.Fot Superintendent of .Publicstrnction:(In doubt.)In-Foi" Commissioner of Agriculture:John W.. Newman.Fdr Representative :Jaines -H; -Thompson.POR COUNCILBtENPirst Ward:J. H. Moreland, -N. P. Brent, JohnJ.jWilliams.Second Ward:Edward-Burke. .Hugh Brent.Catesby Spears.Third Ward:George Doyle.EDITORIAL MUSINGS."Cracked Heads"Matters have been drifting towardsa race riot in the National Capitalfor a long time. The proximity toVirginia, where the old "Jim Crow"laws are still in force, may have hadsomething to do with it; for the difference in the freedom of movementsof the colored peophyon the Washington side of the Potomac is always thesouce xf comment. The colored people are "ruffled" by the restrictionsplaced! upon them in Virginia ; and aportion of the Capitol residents particularly the whites from the South,find no end of fault because the "color line" is not drawn on the streetcars and in many public places wherethe negroes mingle with the whites.j During the war the negroes acquired a good deal of prosperity, andsome of them bought automobiles andmade a considerable show of theirnew riches. At about the same time"bootlegging" became a big industryamong the colored people, and greatfantities of bad liquor were storedamong -them. It needed only a half:dozen assaults upon white womenand the failure of the.police to-locate-BbHbHVIi vthe guilty brutes, to touch off thetorch. iThe result wasthat:a crowd of soldiers, sailors and marines most ofwhom were discharged from service,spent a pleasant evening "smashingniggers." Hundreds of young boys,some not more than seventeen yearsof age, were among the white riotorswho were locked up. At first theseyoungsters seemed to think that theserious business in which they wereengaged was as much fun as "chasing the cows." The colored peoplewere evidently well prepared for thefray, and "cracked heads" multipliedin numbers on white and blachshoulders, and in the spilling of bloodfrom the assaults of combatants.As some of the fighting occurredwithin a block of the White Housegrounds, it is evident that a goodmany people in the Capital do not believe that the treaty of peace wasmade to affect fighting between thewhites and blacks.These race riots were very foolishperformances, but they likewiseturned out to be very serious. Theyhave stirred up a bitterness betweenthe whites and blacks which willhave lasting and unpleasant consequences.Baseball In Prance.According to the reports of American correspondents in France, theFrench people regard baseball ofwhich they have seen expert exhibitions by American soldiers, as a gameof much interest, but of the utmostroughness and brutality. Some of thepoilus have valiantly attempted toplay it, but have shown little aptitude for it. Handling a ball, throwing it and catching it are accomplishments of the Anglo-Saxon ratherthan of the Latin. The Americansoldier says that the Frenchmanthrows "like a girl" with an ineffective stiff-arm movement. Andwhen the ball is thrown to him andhe tries to catch it, he receives itusually on the ends of his fingers.So many injuries have resultedamong the poilus who have undertaken to play baseball that they viewthe game as a kind of battle. Theraucous and incessant coaching fromthe side lines, the vigorous prancingand reckless slides of the base runners and the deliberation and ferocity with which pitcher and batter eyeeach other seem to amaze the Frenchand to inspire in them a certain awe.-But for the small French boys thegame has apparently the same fascination that it has for American boys.Whenever Americans appear with batand ball, even if it is only to knockup flies, French youngsters congregate to look on and eagerly chasethe balls that go astray. The Frenchboys have already acquired the American knack of throwing and catching.The enthusiasm that they show forthe game indicates that baseball mayyet become a popular sport in Franceeven though it may be a full generation before the French people takeit to their hearts.&In Her "Make-Up." xMore than twenty-three hundredyears ago a young Athenian, speaking of his wife, said to Socrates:"When I saw that she had powderon her face to make it whiter androuge to make it redder, and thatshe wore high-heeled shoes to appeartaller, I told her it was as dishonestfor her to try to deceive me abouther beauty as for me to try to deceiveher about my property. I added that,although her arts might impose onothers, they could not impose on me,who saw her at all times."KENTUCKYCENSUSORS.SUPERVIS-While Secretary of Commerce Redfield was called out of the city, shortly before it was expected he wouldannounce the official list of censussupervisors for the taking of the1920 census, it is learned unofficiallythat the Kentucky supervisors havepractically been selected. The officialannouncement is expected upon theSecretary's return to Washington,but in the meantime the unofficiallist, which probably will be foundcorrect, is as follows:First District Unsettled, but probably either Luke A. L. Langston, ofMurray, or Buddy L. H. Penrod,Princeton.Second District Richard Alexander, Calhoun.Third District Sam H. Penrod,Ennis.Fourth District Geo. H. Casperke,Brandenburg.Fifth District Charles L. Baker,Louisville.Sixth District Wm. C. Ellison,Williamstown.Seventh District Jos. W. Morris,Newcastle.Eighth District Geo. H. Buchannan, Jr., Shelby ville.Ninth District A. S. Ratliff,Pikeville.Eleventh District Jas. N. Meadows, Jamestown.Mr. Morris, appointed for the Seventh District, is secretary to Congressman J. Campbell Cantrill andhas been for eleven years. He willnot give us this position, but willmerely be away on leave for the fouror five months that will be requiredto complete his work and will thenreturn to Mr. Cantrill's office. Eachsupervisor will have the appointmentof the enumerators for his district.QIt's a safe bet the Rainbow boyssaw more to admire in New YorkCitv in a mlmito tVioTi tim-.. jm iParis in a month.BIG KENTUCKY CONTINGENT ATSUMMER SEIKO!? COLUMBIA UNIVERSITYThe ten thousand students now atColumbia University, among whom isa "large contingent from Kentucky,are attending the most eventful summer session in the University's history. They have just witnessed a bigadvance in Columbia's policy to "provide a liberal education for all whodesire it" no matter where they live,by the establishment of a system ofhome study, which will carry highereducation to the remotest corners ofthe United States. They comprise astudent body which has broken allrecords for summer school attendance. They are pursuing coursesbroader in- extent and variety, andare taught by a greater staff of instructors drawn from a wider geographical range of universities andcolleges than ever before. Everywhere the war's influerice is in evidence. The curriculum shows thisclearly, and the attitude of the student body reveals an intelligentquickening due to the effocts of theworld conflict. tA great many of the Southern students, who number 2,000, are teachers and they are keenly interested ineducational policies. They generallyapprove the step taken by the University in favor of home study, andthe opinion among them is that Cojlumbia, the largest University in theworld, should utilize the great bodyof students of special subjects whichit has assembled in its teaching staff,not only in giving courses in certainsubjects w"hich can be carried on inthe home, but in responding to requests for suggestions as to textbooks and schemes of individual andcommunity study.The Kentucky Club of SummerSession students organized early at awell attended meeting in HamiltonHall. The following officers wereelected: President, Paul B. Boyd,Principal of the High School, .Mayfield; Vice President, Miss M. W.Brown, teacher in the LexingtonHigh School; Secretary, M. D. Long,of Millersburg College; Treasurer,H. L. Jones, Superintendent of Pineville Schools; Representative to theSouthern Club, Lee Kirkpatrick,Superintendent of Paris Schools.Several hundred Kentucky students, representing practically allsections of the State, make up themembership of the Kentucky Club.Among these are: Miss Kate E.Murphy, Louisville; Miss VirginiaMurphy, Louisville; Mrs. Sue Neumann, Maysville; Mr. and Mrs.Vaught Mills, Covington; Mr. andMrs. R. R. Miller, Covington; MissPrudence Sayers, Covington; DukeYoung, Carlisle; Mrs. Nancy Rawlings Beasley, Covington; Miss BessieB. Rackett, Stanford; Miss Effie Denney, Lexington; L. L. Dantezler,Lexington; Miss Margaret K. Griffith,Paris; Miss Avah Hughes, Paris; Dr.Hattie Heft, Paris; H. L. Jones,Pineville; Lee Kirpatrick, Paris;Miss Reba Lockhart, Paris; MissHelen Graft, Louisville; Mrs. AnnieH. Young, Owensboro.oTHE TEST OP MERITParis PeopleAre GivenProof.ConvincingNo better test of any article can bemade than the test of time and thisis particularly true of a kidney medicine. .Doan's Kidney Pills have stoodthis test and stood it well. Whatbetter proof of the merits of thisremedy could you demand, than thestatement of a Paris resident whoused it successfully and tells of lasting results.Read the following:Geo. McCandless, Second street,says: "My kidneys were inactive andI had backaches. Doan's KidneyPills put a stop to all the troublesand they gave me complete relief."(Statements given January 17,1912.)No Trouble Since.Over four years later, or on November 9, 1916, Mr. McCandlesssaid: "I haven't had any need of akidney remedy since I last endorsedDoan's Kidney Pills. I consider myself permanently cured."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a widney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. McCandless had. Foster-Mil-hurnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.(adv)ROAMER BREAKS DOWN AT SARATOGA TRACK.Andrew Miller's great race horse,Roamer, winner of many stakeevents, an idol of the turf, brokedown at Saratoga and may never raceagain. Roamer bowed a tendonwhile working out at Spa. A sadfeature of the mishap is the fact thattor of Internai Revenue; Thomas DRoamer lacked only a few hudreddollars of being in the exclusive circle of $100,000 winners, and was expected to reach that goal at Saratoga. Roamer is a Kentucky-bred son ofKnight Errant and Rose Tree II., andhas been a consistent winnerthroughout his racing career.During the meeting at Saratogalast year Roamer set a world's record for a mile at 1:30 4-5, loweringthe mark of Salvador, made over astraight course, which had stood foryears.oIt is remarked that a 50-minuteschedule and a $100 fare for an airtrip between New York and AtlanticCity, "sounds plausible." Also exclusive. t .NATSOJfeWIDE DRIVE. TO IMPROVE ALLLIrffi STOCK"Better Tires Better Stock."This is the slogan of a national better live-stock crusade, to get activelyin motion October 1, that is announced by the United States Departmentif Agriculture, working in co-operationwith the State Agricultural Colleges and other agencies interestedin live-stock improvement. Thecampaign looks forward to the future food needs of this country's increasing population and results fromlong and cereful observation of thelive-stock industry in this country,and was planned after extensive consultation with specialists, and breeders. The plan is to hasten the replacement of the multitude of scrubdomestic animals in the UnitedStates with pure-bred or high-gradestock, and also to improve the quality of pure breeds themselves. Thegoal in view is greater efficiency inproduction.The campaign will be the first organized crusade in a large countryto improve all live stock simultaneousIt will interfere in no way with anywork in live stock improvement nowbeing conducted, but makes all thework more definite and effective byproviding official recognition for propressive breeders.The campaign will be supervisedfrom the Department of Agriculturein Washington, and in each State bythe State agricultural college.County agents and other field workers of the Department of Agricultureand of the State colleges will handlethe campaign locally. Every livestock owner actively co-operatingand keeping and using none butpure-bred sires of good quality willbe given an emblem as an officialrecognition of meritorious effort.AMERICAN POOD CLUBS HELPJUGO-SLAV CHILDREN.Organization of "Food Clubs" byAmerican relief workers among thechildren of Jugo-Slovakia is rapidlysolving the problem of getting thechildren back to their schools which,in many districts, have been closedsince the beginning of the world-war.Last April, a representative of theAmerican Relief Administration sawthe need for supplying the childrenof these districts with a supplementary ration. The children of familiesfortunate enough to have a scantfood supply were underfed, and thelarge majority were facing actualstarvation. No reorganization ofthe educational machinery of thecountry was possible until the fooddifficulty was relieved. Hungry children cannot assimilate knowledge,and the more immediate task of theboys and girls everywhere was tolend what assistance they could totheir parents in keeping the familylarder supplied.With an initial appropriation of$25,000, the American Red Crossjoined with the American Relief Administration to bring about an improvement of this situation. The result has been that to-day, in thesixty-six towns in Jugo-Slovakia having a population of over 1,000,000persons, school has resumed, insome places on a seven-day basisand the children are relatively happy they are studying and learning.This was accomplished throughsupplying the children, in the schoolswith hot, substantial meals each day.This4 consisted at first of milk, cocoaand sugar which when combined inproper portions and cooked, made avery nourishing drink. This rationwas siinnlemented later, when additional supplies became available, bybread and rolls.These activities have won thegrateful commendation of the localand governmental authorities. President Shola, of the new governmentin Bosnia and Herzgovina, has conveyed an official expression of his appreciation to the relief wor.k. oMAYORS AND JUDGES ASKED TOCARE POR DRUG ADDICTSMayors of all cities and judges ofKentucky counties will be advised tomake immediate provision for thetreatment and care of local drug ad-riintc-the treasury department willbe asked for a statement more specifically interpreting the latest ruling regulating the dispensing of narcotics, for the guidance of physiciand and druggists; all organizationsof a charitabfe and public-servicecharacter will be asked to co-operatein solving problems that have comewith the new order, and the nextLegislature will be asked to enactlegislation providing for accommodations at asylums for the treatment ofdrug users.These four immediate steps weredecided upon at a conference at thecustom house in Lexington participated in by Elwood Hamilton, Collec-Slattery, of Covington, United StatesDistrict Attorney, G-. C. Holt, ofHuntington, W. Va., Revenue Agent,and C. B. Thompson, of Covington,Collector of the Sixth District. MissLinda Neville, District Supervisor ofthe Red Cross and long a leader inphilanthropic causes, also was calledinto consultation, as were severalworkers from Paris and the surrounding towns.oOne of the results of the war is anairplane machine gun that can shoot300 photographs just like bullets.We earth persons will smply have tobehave.oOne of the strangest things in thisworld is how little use a man has forthe keys he carries.Lift off Corns!Doesn't hurt a bit and Frttxonocosts only a few cents.vox I WUHtWith your fingers! You can lift off ,any hard corn, soft corn, or corn between the toes, and the hard skincalluses from bottom of feet.A tiny bottle of "Freezone" costslittle at any drug store; apply a fewdrops upOn the corn or callus. Instantly it stops hurting, then shortlyyou -lift that bothersome corn orcallus right off, root and all, withoutone bit of pain or soreness. Truly!No humbug!(T-tf)TSROW OVER $100,000 WORTH OPSUGAR TO SAVE SHIP!The crew of the steamship SagHarbor had to throw overboard$100,000 worth of sugar before theship was able to reach port at Philadelphia, Saturday. It struck a reefoff Cuba, while bound from PuertoPadre to Philadelphia. After thesugar had been jettisoned the shipswung clear and continued her voyage with pumps working day andnight.LostBetween Thos. Longo's fruit standand the residence of Mr. John P.Cain, on Higgins avenue, a smallblack leather pocketbook containingone pair of Amethyst rosaries.Finder will return to this office andreceive reward. (1-tf)WantedCarpenter work. All kinds of repairing promptly attended to. Callor writeLEE MEISNER,l-2t) 908 Main Street, Paris.Lost PocketbookBetween Paris and the North Ruddies Mills pike, a black satin bagcontaining a lead-colored leatherpurse, in which was a sum of moneyamounting to $16.99, $14.00 beingin currency. Finder leave at BOURBON NEWS office and receive reward. (29-tf)Administrator's NoticeAll persons having claims againstthe estate of the late Mary E. Warring, colored, are requested to present them, properly proven, as required by law, to the undersignedadministrator for payment.All persons knowing themselvesindebted to the estate of the saidMary E. Warring are requested tocall and settle same promptly.ED. J. MARTYN,(29aug-3t) Administrator.frfrfr frH0sI Motor Trucks for Sale!We have a 3 1-2-ton four wheel drive truck which webought as a demonstrator; it is suitable for road contractors,sand and gravel hauling, logging, lumber business, tobaccohauling, or any work where heavy hauling and bad roadsprevail. We will sell this new truck at less than factorycost, as we are giving up the agency. AddressColumbia Motor Truck Co119 S. Seventh St.FARMS ALL SIZESINSouthern Brown Co., OhioLISTEN 180 acres, slightly rolling limestone farm, notfar from river, 1 mile from town, 3 1-12 miles from railroad.Two good 2-story houses, 2 cellars, 2 large barns, buggy shed,tool house, hog houses, cribs and sheds, plenty of good outbuildings; watered by wells and springs; plenty of fruit. Buyer toreceive one-half of growing crop, which is looking good.On account of ill health, this farm is priced to sell at once.Terms to suit purchaser. Price, $16,000.If you are interested in buying ashow you.The S. J. Jones Real Estate AgencyHammersville, Brown County, OhioHOMEKILLEDMEATSVealPorkBeefLambIt's the BestTo Be HadMflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketAetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityAnd OtherCasualtiesA.J. FEEAGENT?SWilmoth'sFreshHome Baked Breads,Cakes, Pies, Etc.DailyFreshMeats,Roasts,Steaks,Chops, Fancy Goods.FamousCoffees and TeasWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 37621iLouisville. Kvfarm, would be glad toTHE BOURBOH HEWS, ?AMS KEKTTTCKTulPAGE. -iSOCIAL AND PERSONAL,Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere..TUESDAY, AUGUST 5, 1913.Miss Nancy Barbee "Wilson is aguest of friends and relatives in Mt.Sterling.Miss Rosina Elder has returnedfrom a visit to Miss Pauline Roberts,in Cyntfciana.Mrs. Lena Parker is visitingMrs. James Daniels and Miss LillieDaniels, in Lexington.Miss Annie Sherlock, of Cincinnati, is a guest of Mrs. Ellen Kielyand family, in this city.Mr. and Mrs. J. Miller Wardhave returned from a stay of severaldays at Hot Springs, Arkansas.Mi Martin Kahn has returnedto his home in Eminence, after a visitto Mr. and Mrs. Lawrence Price, inihis city.Miss Marian Alexander, of Cincinnati, is visiting her sister, MissKate Alexander, and other relativesin this city.Mrs. J. F. Trisler left yesterdayfor a visit to her parents, Mr. andMrs. Richard Legg, in Handley,West Virginia.Mr. M. J. Lavin, of Lavin & Con-nell, is at Carlsbad Springs, nearDry Ridge, in Grant county, for ashort vacation stay.Mrs. J. U. Boardman has return-from an extended visit to her dughter, Mrs. Louis Earlywine, and Mr.Erlywine, in Chicago.Miss Beula Brockaway, who hasbeen a guest of Miss Charlina Ball,near this city, returned Friday to herhome at Huntington, W. Va.Mr. and Mrs. Estie Henry returned to their home in Akron, 0..Saturday morning, after a visit torelatives in this city and county.Mrs. Thos. Conway and son,Harold, have returned to their homein Chicago, after a visit to the former's sister, Mrs. J. Morgan Browne.Mr. and Mrs. 0. A. Alford, havereturned to their home in Indianapolis, after a visit to Mr. and Mrs.Magnus Rash, in North Middletown.Miss Eleanor Haynes has returned to her home in Fernbank, 0.,after a visit to Mrs. John A. Bowerand the Misses Lilleston, in thiscity.Mss Ar change Howl and has returned to her home in Washington,D. C, after a visit to Mr. and Mrs.Hiram Roseberry, on South Mainstreet.Mrs. J. Nelson Mason anddaughter, Miss Eliza Clay Mason, areon an extended pleasure trip toWashington, D. C, New York City,Niagara Falls and other points of interest in the East.Mr. Lee Deaver left Saturday forfistekfttelfewan. Canada. where hewill resume his former position as .assistant foreman on the big wheatand flax ranche of E. F. Spears &Sons, in Alberta Province.- iMr. and Mrs. Don Bchlosser, ofColumbus, Ohio, are guests at thehome of the latter's father, Mr. Nicholas Connell, in fiz city, Mr. Richard Foley, of Danville, grandson ofMr. Connell, is also a visitor at theConnell home.r Miss Anna Iiouise White, oftari, was the -gttfcst of honor at areception given" the Country Club,,0,r TTnion City, Tenn., Saturday, byher schoolmate, Miss Anna - Morgan, jMiss White has been a guest of MissMorgan for several-days. . -Mr. I. F. McPheeJ.efsjOf A.- F.Wheeler & Co., accompanied, by hisdaughter, Miss Ethel McPheeters,left Saturday morning for a twoweeks' visit to his parents, Mr. andMrs. A. J. McPheeters, at Bolivar,Missouri. .Mrs. -Hugh Campbell .leaves today on a visit to her parents in Jeffersonville, Indiana. Her brother,Corporal Robert Odell, of the 5thRegiment Marines, 2nd Division, arrived Sunday in New York on the"George Washington,'' and is expected home within a few days.Mr and Mrs. Willis Hubbard,who have been guests of Mr. and Mrs.J H Stivers, have returned to theirh'onre in Green Cove Springs, Florida.They were accompanied by theirnieces, Misses Edith and Mamie Stivers who will visit relatives in Daytona, St. Augustine and Jacksonville,Fla.Miss Mattie Baldwin has returned from a visit to friends and relatives in Kenosha, Wis., and in Chicago She was in Chocagoat the time of the unfortunateaccident when the big dirigible balloon fell through the skylight of abank building, and was a witness tothe event.Miss Mary Adams Talbott entertained at cards Saturday afternoonat her home pn Duncan avenue, inhonor of "her house guests, MissesEdith and Margaret Shive, of Decafnr. Ala., formerly of Paris. A large'number of guests enjoyed the hospi-tality of the hostess ior iub "i-noon, and spent a oengnxiiu time.' At the conclusion of the games a delightful lunch, was served.Richmond Pantagraph: "Miss?Ruby Elder, of Paris, is visiting, Mrs. James Leeds Misses MaryArbuckle and Elizabeth, Curtis havereturned from a week's visit'to Mrs.Cassius M. Clay, at Paris Miss;Mary Graham Williams has returnedto her home in Paris otter a visit to,her aunt, Mrs. J. "JV". Maupin. . .Mr.;and Mrs. W. L. Arnold, Mrs. BettieSlushed and. Mr. wand Mrs. Elmer; f ueaymage wive returned irom wormusydlejowii, where they visited Wm.'iArftold, Jr.'(Ot Jier 'Personals on' 'Pfege 0 )?.s?-:s:-'ifr. - -',-" t. l : .-;' -.:;.:. ?Vv . ".: t . . v.:----' - s'v - .leadrsassgsasaseI.U.ZL':.,.!".stfde just mopped 'em up"tt''Those boys didn't know what retreat meant. And. pep ISay, every mother's son charged as tho9 he was the wholeAmerican Army. It was the proudest moment of my life.More than 52,871,000 tins of Velvet Tobacco were sent to the boys inPrance enough, if placed end to end, to reach 2340 miles or nearly fromNew York to Brest. How much it helped them, their friendly letters testify.Velvet makes friends easily because, like true friendship, it has beenallowed to ripen naturally. For two years, Velvet ages in wooden hogsheads,anu wuen u comes out u is jusz Tigni no kick, no Due, no narsnness.r-xr jz 151 -u : dt . r iij ou ciuu v cavcl ucui uiu, iriciiasnip now, ?& V-SMiffltClC JUolUA vic&oC-"Y rBhi fmXAWISmSti CHASING HBlEfcorrs auto recoeb.Roll a V.efre. CJgarettt lvfataj;c-ngcl mild-uc wruiu faiuviuuijHi uiui vun j 'ti .jior cigrecs. to vgarencB xor tin sr -.mijfiWMPww-the friendlv tobaccort'AftlMlSiMBQE-fCHAHGES PACKE2&3 HAVE MANIPUXATED MEAT PMCESLOUISVILLE, KY., August 4.Although Detroit still holds thelaurels, as the greatest automobilemanufacturing center in the world,Louisville is fast gaining the leadfor the automobile wealth per capitain the world. With more than 13,000 motor-driven vehicles, not counting motorcycles and Governmentowned machines, within the city limits, the per capita wealth . now exceeds $45, which is higher than anycity in the last report of the American Automobile Association.Louisville's per capita automobilewealth has jumped from $32 in 1918to $45 today. In the 1918 report ofthe American Automobile Association, Louisville stood fourth in citiesof more than 100,000 population.Although figures from other cities-since iyi nave not been obtainedit is thought that none has madeas great a gain as Louisville. As theper capita automobile wealth of theUnited Statese is greater than any.other "nations, if Louisville leads inthis country, it will nead the world.That Louisville people appreciatethe automobile as a pleasure vehicleand-'a'business asset is shown by theenormous amount of money investedin the industry. Statistics of themore than 10,000. pleasure automobiles, and approximately 3,000 commercial trucks in Louisville.Value of the pleasure cars exceeds$8,000,000 while that of motortrucks is $4,500,000. " This, considering the population of Louisvilleas 300,000 means that the per capitaautomobile wealth is nearly $45.Estimates as to real estate Involved in the industry show a valuationof 'S25.000.000. This, according tomen in close touch, is Elj&w$hg jrjsteady increase. It isestimateathat there are more than 200 acresof commercial storage and shop space,in the city. "T-Out of the 90,000 machines ownedin Kentucky. Louisville possenearly 15 per cent. Jefferson connLouisville included, has a total ofHex ucuu gManipulation of the live stockmarket through control of marketyards and a practical monopoly inthe buying of live stock was chargedagainst the "big five" packersSwift, Armour, Morris, Cudahy andWilson in the third section of theFederal Trade Commission's reporton the packing industry just madepublic.The report cited data 'obtained inthe commission's investigation toshow that the "big five" hold a majority of voting stock in twenty-twoof the principal stock yards of thecountry and an interest in the remaining twenty-eight.It was said to be impossible to tellin the case of the latter yard whetherin hand that, within cerain limits,meat prices are made to respond totheir wishes." iDiscrimination against competing'independent buyers also was chargedagainst the "big five," as well as manipulation of the live stock market In'such a way as to cause extreme andunwarranted fluctuations ill the:daily prices paid for live stock."This practice, the report saidhad resulted in curtailment of the nation'smeat supply by discouraging the production of live stock.RECIPE P0R KEEPING COOLUnless one has become overheatedwith August primary politics, it iscomparatively easy to keep cool thesetorrid days. Here's the receipt thatthey have a controlling interest, be- !has been tried out by tw0 Paris slfls'cause of a "remarkable financial device," known as the bearer warrant,which is -issued to the stockholders,instead of the stock certificate, whichis made out to the treasurer of thecorporation. This device, it wassaid, might readily be used to completely hide the true ownership ofthe stock.and handed to THE NEWS witti arequest for publication, in hopes thatit will be passed along to a sufferingpublic:"Don your bathing suit, get out onthe lawn and turn the cooling watersfrom the garden hose on youself. Ifpossible get a lump of ice and sit onit as long as the ice lasts. Get underOf the meat trade in the hands of electric fan and stay tner.e as l.n-sas you nave notning eise xo ao. x ouwill get cool then.". ointerstate slaughterers in the UnitedStates," .said the report, "the big fivepacking companies have more than-seventy-threeper cent, of the total.They have the prices of dressed meatand packing house products so wellPersonally we can understand whyman.wouldenjoyjbottls of near,-beer, but we r can't' understand whyhe should eat a pretzel with it.No danger, apparently, that thetin hats ,will eve break their wayInto summer fashions.TheBljgcst:EgEiBgiBtltSlgBSgg8;aSba8gi15ST5P5B?usEznnnmnaCoal Coal CoalHave You Talked WithCOLLIER BROS.About Your Winter Coal?.n :IV023l;Off! OfHMtit Paris TfcccWartHttitHftm Fhnt 257EMMg3LMMM3Tw JJ!EAT?irrTlBgjTr!g . ryjf-tfggaffWJ. T. Hinton CoUNDERTAKERSAND BMBALMMRSParis Ky.Motor equipment.Mainand SixthStreetsITs nhnn 4SNlsht s . . 56or Home 386tta j&.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with our XLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.;QZMiiMiniiiiin imhiijiiiiiiii9CAHAL BROS.BAS1ER SHOPPrompt tad Courteous Attemtiom tePfctrfas.hot unr 001 E1THSDR. WM. KENNEYEjrfe, Ear,' Nom and Tlu-Mt,'TlV!.'JMWltt.JGMCKTTRSTKATIlirilllLDqWPX01X1MMGE T0U1, wiV'SKTi'RiSTHE BOU1BOH HEWS, P11W, KJUITUCILI raraaflWTUESDAY, AUGUST 5, 1919.liltFORMER PARISIAN HONORED! GETTING READY TO START ON,FOR MEKITOKIOUS SERVICE NEW DAM.Col. Charles D. Winn, now a distinguished member of the UnitedStates Army, and a former resident ofMaterial for the new dam at theParis Milling Co.'s plant is rapidlyarriving, and as soon as the work ofParis, where he was in the hardware 1 excavating has been completed, theINTERESTING OIL NOTES"business for several years, has beenformally notified that he has beenawarded the Distinguished ServiceMedal for exceptionally meritoriousservices on the fighting line. Col.Winn will be informed later as tothe time and place "f or the presentation of the medal. The report of hisservices is as follows:"Cblonel Charles D. Winn, U. S. A.,For Exceptionally Meritorious andDistinguished Services.'As commanding officer of the306th. Field Artillery, he displayedJi$h. qualities of leadership. Maintaining a high standard of efficiencyan,d morale in his regiment, he constantly kept his command in closeproximity to the attacking infantry,furnishing it accurate .and timelysupport, furthering its rapid advanceand contributing to the successesgained."Col. Winn is a brother of Mrs. Jas.McClure, of Paris. At the beginning of the Spanish-American war heorganized and took command of acompany from this county, which wasafterward incorporated into the Second Kentucky Regiment, under Col.EfH. Gaither, Unfortunately theboys saw no service, only getting asfar as Chickamauga, near Chattasobga, Tenn. Capt. Winn at the conclusion of the war, remained in theservice, and was rapidly advancedfrom one position to another until hehaL reached his present proud" placeas' a Colonel in active service. Hewas highly esteemed by the men inhis command, all of whom are gladthat he has made his mark in military circles.NEW AUTO.real work will begin. Chutes fortransporting the concrete from themixer to the workmen are beingplaced in position, and workmen arebusy placing the "forms" in positionfor holding the concrete which willform the structural portion of thedam. A large force of concrete workers, under Superintendent MaxMetzger, now working at Butler, willbe transferred to Paris early nextweek and begin the work of erectingthe dam.Painted signs have been posted onthe big platform where the concretemixer is stationed bearing thiswarning:"CAUTION"None But Employes Allowed OnThese Tracks and Platform. Danger." Keep Away!"oLOCAL SUGAR PROFITEERING'The Lexington Cadillac Companyreports the delivery of a 1920 Cadillac to Mr. B. M. Renick, of theParis Milling Company.,NMr. Charles S. Ball, of the C. S.Ball Garage, sold and delivered toMr. Charles N. Peddicord, of Paris,ahandsome seven-passenger Buicktouring car, and a six-sylinder Buickroadster to Mr. Oscar M. Johnson, ofMillersburg.r PAVmiON IS ABOUT UP.The new live stock judging pavilion at the College of Agriculture isHearing completion. It will set 600people comfortably and will have twoclassrooms fo the students who willuse the ampitheatre for judgingwork. The National Berkshire Congress will hold its annual meeting,show and sale in the pavilion earlyin February.An OrdinanceTO PROTECT ALL STREETS INTHE CITY OF PARIS PROM EXCAVATIONS, AND PROVIDING APENALTY FOR THE VIOLATIONTHEREOF.A Paris housekeeper, who has apenchant for investigation, while discussing the many "famines" thathave -descended upon Paris lately,said to THE NEWS man:"I have investigated the chargesthat local merchants have beenprofiteering on sugars, and I am ledto believe that the cases where thelocal merchants have put up the priceof sugar were due to the fact thatthey had to pay higher prices inorder to get the sugar for their customers, and that they have not aimed to put an excessive profit on it byreason of its being greatly in demand. I would not do anyone aninjustice, and I helieve I am right insaying the merchants have not beenprofiteering, so far as my investigations could disclose."THE NEWS man approached aprominent and well-posted Parisgrocer for an expression of opinionregarding the reported profiteeringin sugar. He said:"All this talk about dealers profiteering in sugar and making fortyper cent, profit, is all bunk. Here isthe truth,- and any reputable grocerin the State will tell you the samething."Sugar costs on an average of tencents a pound, and most of it is soldfor twelve cents and twelve and onehalf cents per pound, which does notshow a profit of twenty per cent., asclaimed by some people, but is aprofit of sixteen and two-thirds percent., because every rule of businessin the world says you must figureyour per cent, of profit on the sellingprice, and not on the cost price. Analysis of the expenses of grocersscarttered from New York to Oregonfixed the cost of. doing business ateighteen per cent., so you see that instead of making .money on sugar attwelve cents a pound, we are actually selling it to you at less thancost, plus expenses."If you did not sell anything butsugar all week and had to pay offevery Saturday night everythingbought and expenses for the week wewould not, have enough money leftSunday to buy a ticket to the pictureshow Monday night."oThe McCombs Producing and 'Refinig Company secured its well No. 6on the Spencer Heirs tract which isgood for 8 barrels, is the report fromTorrent, Wolfe county.RUBIN & CHERRY CARNIVAL $COMING TO PARIS.The Mutual Oil and Refining Company, of Paris, has acquired a onesixteenth royalty interest in leasescomprising 800 acres situated on theRock House structure in .Morgancounty.The Lee-Kent Oil Co., of Paris, hasbeen notified by their field managerin the Poplar Thicket that well No.2, which was "shot" Saturday, showsseventy barrels on flush production,and that oil men think it is one ofthe best wells in that territory.They have now moved to No. 4 location,, and will continue to drill untilthe lease of ninety-eight acres isdrilled up.Scarcity of water in the EasternKentucky oil fields had a tendency toreduce the output of oil from that section, which is reflected in the runsof the Cumberland Pipe Line Company for the week ending July 26.1 which show a total . of 102,400.41barrels as compared with 110,324.16barrels for the previous week. Thisis a decrease of 7,623.75 barrels forthe week. As usual, the Big Sinkingsection of Lee county was the mostprolific of the districts served by theCumberland pipe line.The Mutual Oil and Refining Company, of Paris, through its president,C. L. Bell, has secured leases on 1058acres in Elliott county. This land issaid to be favorably located in linewith production and pending development. A part of it joins the Gibsonfarm and the Lewis farm, on each ofwhich the Bourbon Oil and Developing Company recently brought in awell in the Berea grit, which is reported as a profitable producer. It isreported that the Co-operating Landand Development Company will undertake the operation of these leasesfor the Mutual Oil and RefiningCompany.All roads will lead to Paris on themorning of August 25, when the celebrated Rubin & Cherry CarnivalCompany, will come here for a weeks'stay. They will appear under theI auspices of the members of the Parisfire department, who closed a contract last week with Mr. W. W. Cherry, representing the shows. TheRubin & Cherry shows will appear atthe Blue Grass Fair at 'Lexington,during the week of the Fair.The superior excellence of this organization over the average carnivalshows is too well-known here to giveit repetition, but suffice it to say thatthere will be a large and well-pleasedcrowd each day on the lot. Due announcement will be made in THENEWS of the attractions carried bythe company, and other details thepublic would be pleased to learn regarding the coming of this attractionto Paris.oGET 'EM WHILE IT'S HOT GENUINE PALM BEACH SUITSGenuine Palm Beach Suits, $8to $12.Straw Hats, $1 to $6.White Shoes, $2 to $5.Save money and keep cool.L. WOLLSTEIN,(8-tf) 619 Main Street)oTRAINING SOCIAL SECRETARIES.A social service school for trainingsecretaries in one-and two-yearcourses has been established at theUniversity of Kentucky, with an instructor furnished by the AmericanRed Cross. This is an outgrowth ofthe successful Red Cross Home Institute which has just closed at theUniversity with twelve graduates,among them Miss Mildred Collins, ofNorth Middletown.oHAIL INSURANCE.Insure your tobacco againsthall with rrr-YERKES & PEED.Prompt and satisfactory adjustments. (june20-tf)The Bourbon Oil and DevelopmentCompany's number one on the Lewisfarm is said to look like a very nicewell. C. L. Bell, president of thecompany, visited Elliott county lastweek to have this well shot, but wasunable to secure a shooter at thistime. However, he witnessed the running of the baler several times andwas convinced that his company hasa valuable well. This makes threewells theJBourbon has drilled in Elliott county, where it holds 2,000acres. It is reported that this company has made connection with Richmond, Virginia, capitalists to securethe complete development of theseholdings.oBOURBON COUNTY FUGITIVECAUGHT BY LEXINGTONPOLICE.PAY GAS AND ELECTRIC BILLSTO-BAY, AND SAVE THEDISCOUNT.FRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSJBBBBkMiBFN&MBBBfl aaaaaaaHBaaaaaaaaaaaaY tsBBBBBbBBVIRHPBBBBBBB iTCiCaaaaBYour gas and electric bills aredue to-day. Pay them at once andsave discount, as the discount willpositively .not be allowed after the10th of the month. Bring your cardwith you.; PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.(Incorporated)FUTURISTWoman's "Modern UndergarmentCOMFORT, freedom, reposeall that a man finds in his "athletic" underwear yet dainty, sheer, attractive, exquisitelyfeminine. These you will find in woman's modernundergarmentSimmons'FUTURISTFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSAutomobile DeliveryCity Hall, July 31, iai9..(1) BE IT ORDAINED by theMayor and Board of Council of theCity of Paris, Kentucky, that it shallhe unlawful for any person, firm orcorporation to break or cut throughor excavate in, upon or under anystreet in the City of Parig for thepurpose of making sewer, gas or water connections, or for repairingpipes, or ior any otner purpose,, HAIL INSURANCE.Insure your tobacco againsthall withYERKES. & PEED.7Prompt nd satisfactory adjustments. (june20-tf)HENDERSON WINNER OF KENTUCKY STATE CHAMPIONSHIPThe Kentucky State Shooting tournament at the Latonia Gun Clubwithout first havine: obtained tier-mis- closed Friday. Woolfolk Henderson.slon of the Board of Council, at a j Lexington, was the State Champion-regular meeting "thereof, or, in caseof emergency, the written consent ofthe Mayor.(2) Any person, firm or corporation, who shall cut or break throughor excavate in, upon,, or under 'any Jstreet within the City of Paris forthe purpose of tapping sewer, gas orwater mains or repairing pipes, without first obtaining the permission ofthe Board of Council at a regularmeeting, so to do, shall be guilty of amisdemeanor and upon convictionshall be fined in any sum not lessthan five dollars (5.00), nor morethan fifty dollars ($50.00), for eachoffense. r(3) This ordinance shall be infull force and effect from and afterits passage and publication as required by law.E. B. JANUARY, Mayor.Attest:J.' W. HAYDEN, Clerk.(5-lt)ship m a score of 298 out of 300.WH. Hall, Maysville, was runner-upwith 290. "Henderson duplicated his score ofthe first day, missing but one targetin" the regular events. J. R." Taylor,Newark, Ohio, was Tiigh. professionalwith 149. In the handicap eveivt, J.E. Cain, Dayton, Ohio, 20 yards, andA. B. Harris, Louisville, Ky., 18yards, tied in 50 straight.The race for the Kentucky StateChallenge Cup resulted in a tie between Henderson and Hall on 99.In the shoot-off Hall won with 20 to19 out of 20 targets. The classification trophies were won by "W. Henderson in Class A, on 298; Class B,W. F. Booker, Jr., 283; Class C, J. N.Shropshire, of Paris, 273, out of the300 targets of the regular events.Weather conditions were rather poor,rain stopping the shooting for a shortwhile in the afternoon.George Williams, w-hi to nf aLouis, Mo., was arrested in Lexington, Friday afternoon by Detectivesveal and Maloney, on informationfrom the Paris police stating that hewas wanted here on a charge of issuing forged checks. A telephone message" to the Lexington police from theParis authorities stated that Willams was on an interurban car coming to Lexington. The detectives metthe car and placed Williams underarrest. He was brought to Paris byuetecuve Maloney and turned over tothe Paris authorities.oIT PAYS TO ADVERTISE!Carl Crawford advertised a suiteof room for rent in a recent issue ofTHE NEWS. The day of issue he hadfive applicants, all of whom statedthey had seen the ad in THE NEWS.Miss Martha Welsh lost a pocketbook on the Ruddles Mills pike, nearParis. She advertised her loss inTHE NEWS. A man found the pocketbook, and seeing the ad in THENEWS, restored it to the owner.It pays to advertise in THENEWS.Public SaleOFDesirable 5-Room CottageIn order to settle the estate, we, the undersigned, as agents for theGorey heirs, will sell at public auction, on the premises, on the westside of Vine Street, near Duncan Ayenue,on- . ,Thursday, Agust-7, 1919beginning at 2 o'clock p.m,, the following described house and lot: -.A desirable five-room cottage, bjall, bath, pantry, back porch, gas electric lights; excellent cister, city water, largei lo$, splendid garden, goodcellar. " . lThis property, is located in a fine neighborhood, close to churchesand schools and will make some one an ideal little home.TERMS Easy, and madexknowh on day of, sale.HARRIS' & SPEAKES, ''Agents Gorey Heirs. " - 'xt x ..j.-iJ.2lf2" . Paris, f Kentucky.TO THE PUBLIC.Having purchased of Mr. CharlesP. Mann his Racket Store in thiscity, I will at once close out at verylow prices some of the lines he hasbeen carrying. This will be done inorder to make room for the new lineof dry goods, silks, notions, shoes,etc., that I have recently purchased,and. which will be on display aboutAugust 6. My friends in Bourbonand Nicholas are especially asked tomake note .of my location, 607-609Main street, Paris,d-tf B. M. TUNE.TheStoreForGoodValuesI Ufm - 1b 'hSeCopyright 1315 A. B. Klrscbbftvai Co.TheStoreForGoodValuesACCUSED OF MURDER.Susie Wilson, colored, daughter ofSusie Williams, of Paris, was held tothe grand jury in the sum of $3,000in Cincinnati, last week. She wascharged with killing her husband,Thomas Wilson. The woman wassent to jail in default of bail. Sheclaims the shooting was. accidental.oHAIL INSURANCE.Hall insurant n Ubacco.Thms, WMfnl BryanJune24-tf) , . ,. l.,'Stylish Clothes!WE say stylish clothes because we feature only the season's latest stylesstyles that attract men and young men to our store. Many new stylesare shown for young men, the leader being the Waist Seam. This popular model is shown in the many new colors, tones and patternsWALSH VALUESWE say Walsh values because all our friends know that values aregiven first thought and consideration here in our store. When youare ready for your next suit, come in and try" us for STYLESVALUES-SERVICE;' "Men's and Young Men's Suits1 SLOO to $45.00.I j, iR7th and Main.i.:.WALSHOne-Price Store , Paris, Ky.i JElTUESDAY, AUGUST 5, 1919.THE SbtTRlOH NEWS, PAMS, UJTUUI.1 "-finr--yJPAGE Tltt-i1MB'TOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEHAIL INSURANCE.Tobacco hail insurance.McClure & Donaldson.june24-tf)oWAIST SE1I6 SUITS FOR PALI.A new shipment just in, of desirable patterns $35 to $50.J. W. DAVIS & CO.REVENUE ASSIGNMENTSIn the August assignments ofstorekeepers 'in the revenue servicefor the Seventh Kentucky District,Mr. TV. S. Lyne is assigned to No. 77,Julius Kessler & Co., near Paris, asstorekeeper-guager.oBUYS PARTNER'S INTERESTMr. Chas. A. Pittman, of Carlisle,has purchased tie interest of hispartner, Mr. G. K. Jones, of Paris,in the jewelry business being conduced under the name of C. A. Pittman & Co., and will in the futurecontinue the business at the samestand.CORMTEID CORN.We receive genuine cornfield cornfor roasting ears every day. Big,tender, juicy eais.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.' oB-4 FIREInsure withW.O. HINTQN &SON,AgtsoPUBLIC SATE OF BANK STOCK.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney sold atpublic sale at the court house door inthis city yesterday for Dr. J. T. Vansant, administrator of the estate ofthe late Miss Belle Mitchell, twentyshares of the capital stock of thePeoples and Deposit Bank & TrustCo., in five share blocks, at an average of $242.12 per share, and threeshares of the First National Bank ofParis at $265 per share.oKNIGHTS ;0F COLUMBUS ONRIVER EXCURSION.The Paris and Frankfort Councilsof the Knights of Columbus will jointhe Lexington Council on August 7,in a river excursion and outing. TheParis party will go to Lexington onthe interurban and join the Lexington delegation at 8:30 a. m., goingfrom there to Frankfort, where theywill take the boat for tne river trip. toY. W.' C. A. IN CAMP.Miss Helen Hutchcraf t, of Paris, isone of the councillors for Y. M. C. A.Camp, Camp Daniel Boone, for 1919.This camp will be occupied again thisyear by the Young Women's Christian Association, conducted by theLexington branch of the organization, The girls will be in camp fortwo weeks, from Attgus 0 to S3.Swim,'. vavnnC ftU water sports,hiking, tennis, will add to canip Iife-.Supplemented by watermelon feasts,impromptu entertainments and proprams. A number from Paris andBourbon county will be present atthe camp part of the time to takepart in the pleasures of the week.BIG SUMMER BARGAINS.Big reductions on all refrigerators,lawn mowers, incubators, hammocks,oil stoves and all goods for summeruse. Come in and' see. Special saleon coffee this week 35 cents perpound.5-2t) FARMERS SUPPLY CO.o-NOTICE TO WATER CONSUMERS. Many persons are sprinklingfrom kitchen faucets. Thesewill be charged regular sprinkling rates. Many are allowinghose to run all night. Thelimit on hose ts 2 hours perday. Any violation of theserules will cause water to be discontinued. Water must beconserved while the dam is being built.PARIS WATER CO.N. Mitchell.(augl-2t)PUT 'EM TO WORK.In a Tecent issue of The Lexington Herald, Mr, Enoch Grehan, thebrilliant rrcgrapher of that paper,says:"There is no earthly reason whythe former King of Greece should remain so desperately hard up, -withthe. shoe-shining business as good asit is in this country."And there is no need of 'severalkinds of genteel loafers, like thoseafflict Paris, imposing on a community. With the large crops that arebeing raised in the county, and thepressing need of labor, these parasites ought to be put to work helpingout. It's a pity the "work-or-flght".law couldn't be extended to this day.How these, fellows manage to get byfrom day to day without soiling theirhands with labor is a mystery. Yetthey do it, and feeem to thrive -andgrow fat in the doing.SOCIAL A3D PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mr. Omar Denton, of Paris, isvisiting his ancle, Mr. A. N. Denton,in Owingsville.Mrs. Anna Roche and daughter,Elizabeth, of Cincinnati, are visitingrelatives in Paris,Mrs. Emmet Henry, of Seventhstreet, has concluded a pleasant visitto relatives in Fayette county.Mr. Charles R. Walls and daughter, Miss Lacorda Walls, have gone toDawson Springs for a short vacationstay.Mrs. George Adair is expected toarrive in Paris to-day from Pensacola, Oklahoma, for a visit to relatives. Mr. and Mrs. A. B. Hancock andchildren left Saturday for Saratoga,New York, to spend the remainder ofthe summer.Mrs. Harry Booth, of Birmingham, Ala., arrived Sunday for a visitto her parents, Mr. and Mrs. A. J.Fee, on Fifth street.Misses Elizabeth and NellCruthcher returned Saturday nightfrom an enjoyable stay at LakeChautauqua, New York.Mrs. Orville W. Lawson anddaughters, Misses Margaret and Lottie, of Columbus, Ohio, are guests ofrelatives in this city and county.Miss Elizabeth Hedges arrivedSunday from Charlestown, West Virginia, for a vacation visit to her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Walter Hedges, inthis city.Mr. J. Uli Howard has returned to his home in Covington, aftera visit of several days to Mrs. BelleBrent Alexander and other relativesin this city.Mr. and Mrs. Thos. A. McDonald will leave to-day for a weeks'stay at Crab Orchard Springs. Theywill make the round trip in theirnew automobile.George L. (Tommie) Frakes, hasgone to Louisville, where he willre-enlist in the U. S. Army service.Young Frakes has but recently recently returned irom overseas service. Miss Mary E. Barclay, of Chicago, is visiting Mrs. John H. Ewaltand Mrs. Amelia Barclay, in thiscity. This is Mrs. Barclay's firstvisit in Paris after an absence ofeighteen years.Miss Martha Riker, is entertaining .a house party at her home,"Aspen Hall," on the Harrodsburgpike, near Danville. Mr. and Mrs.Douglas CJay, of Paris, and Mr.Stanley Dickerson, of North Middle-town, are members of the party.Miss Josephine Hayden, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Hayden, ofParis, left Sunday for Chicago, to tcmain some time. Miss Hayden willbe engaged in the State work whichhas for its object the reclamation ofchildren and providing them withsuitable homes.The Knoxville, Tenn., TimesStar says: "Miss Agnes Turner, ofParis, Ky., who is a social favoriteamong the younger social set of JKnoxville, has returnee! to her homeafter a visit to friends here, Duringher stay she was the honored guesta.t a ulBke..i delightful social?uhctionsV,, "tMr. and Mrs. Hubb Griffith andMr. and Mrs. King Griffith entertained at their country home, "Silver Lake," 'near Cynthiana, at din-ner m iiuuur ot lvir. juiu ivirs. .aiuiu.-gomery Boyd, of Cynthiana, newlyweds. ' Among the guests were thefollowing-from Paris: Mr. and Mrs.William Wornall, Rev. and Mrs. J. T.Sharrard, and Mrs. Kate Bedford..The following Pari3 peoples-wereat League Park, in Cincinnati, Sunday, to witness the game betweenthe Cincinnati Reds and the NewYork Giants: Rudolph Davis, JosephLetcher, Amos Turney, Jr., Thos. W.Allen, Lafe Ardery, W. V. Shaw, Jas.Engleman, Jas. Templin, John Farmer. Though the Bourbon delegation was but a small part of thecrowd of 33,000 people on thegrounds, they made up for it in theirenthusiastic "rooting" for the Reds.The handsome home of Mr. andMrs. J. Stuart Roberts, on the Humeand Bedford pike, near this city, wasthe scene of a brilliant social gathering last Thursday when the daughter of the house, Miss Margaret Ferguson, entertained at bridge. Therooms were beautifully and artisticaly decorated for the occasion withsummer flowers and growing plants.The younger group of guests occupied six tables, while at another tablethe players were Mrs. Thompson Tarrand her guest, Mrs. Alexander White,of Paris, Tenn., Mrs. Duncan Belland Mrs. Frank M. Clay. The prizefor the highest score was awarded atthis table to Mrs. White. Among theother players, Mrs. Douglas Clay wonthe prize, a handsome sachet, for thehighest score. Miss Elizabeth Tarrwas awarded the consolation prize.A delightful salad course was servedfollowing the games. The guestswere:" Misses Elizabeth Tarr, MarianAlexander, Carolina Ball, BeulahBrockway,- Mary Adams Talbott,Edith and Margaret Shive, FrancesClay, Belle Horton, Patsy Clark,Ollie and Loraine Butler, and MaryFithian Hutchcraf t;' Mesdames Douglas Clay, Hiram Roseberry, Fay Ardery, Carley Wilmoth, WoodfordDanieL Edward F. Prichard, - HenryT. Jiidy, ' William Clark, ' (Cincinnati), Miles McKinlay, Ray Taylor,Katherine Davis Craig;- Robert Ferguson, Earl Ferguson, AlexanderWhite, Thompson Tarr, Duncan Belland Frank M. Clay.Mrs. Windsor Letton, of Atlanta,Georgia, formely Miss Annie Hennessey, of Paris, is a guest of relativesin this city.Mr. Fielding Rogers, of Paris,attended the dance given at the homeof Mrs. Scott Goodpaster, near Owingsville, last week.Mrs. Leutrall Warner and children, of near Paris, were guests at afamily dining given by Mrs. MaryL. Metcalfe, in Owinsrsville. Sunday.The Boonesboro bathing beachhad its usual quota from Bourboncounty, Sunday, the party returninglate in the evening, after an enjoyable time.Rev. Ward Russell and son,Augustus Russell, of Little Rock,left yesterday for visit to relatives inTexas. Mrs. Russell will spend afew days visiting relatives in Williamstown during the absence of Rev.Russell.Mr. Louis Grosche, formerly ofParis, arrived last night from Texarkana, Texas, where he has been engaged in business for several years.Mr. Grosche has been in had healthfor some time, and will recuperateheie.Miss Kate Alexander, of Paris,was one of the guests at a dinnergiven at the Country Club, near Lexington, Saturday evening by Mrs.Silas Mason, in compliment to herhGuse guests, Miss Gertrude Pendleton, of Washington, D. C, and MissFlorence Joyce, of Louisville.Misse Cordia, Martha, and SadieStephenson entertained with a delightful lawn fete, at their home,"Blythewood,,' on the Clintonvillepike, near Paris, in compliment totheir house guests, Misses Mary A.Parrish, of Lexington, Mary BelleMurray, of Frankfort, and Sadie Parrish, of Lexington. Pavillion dancingwas the order of the evening, anddelicious refreshments were served.Mrs. J. T. Perry, of Lexington, presided at the punch table. About seventy-fiveguests partook of the pleasures of the evening. Misses Stephenson's guests were given a swimming party Saturday afternoon, followed by a theatre party at theParis Grand Opera House in thee-vening.(Other Personals on Page 3.)AUGUST .COURT BAY."General apathy" seemed to be thekeynote of the situation on the localmarket yesterday, it being the prevailing feature of August court day.There was only a small crowd in thecity, and a small lot of stock on themarket. A few cattle and horseschanged hands at good prices, butthere was nothing in tlie way of largetransactions to claim the attention ofthe stock men. Merchants report amoderate volume of business transacted, and collections only fair. Thefarmers were discussing politics andthe continued drouth, which is making serious inroads on their crops.LostSomewhere in Paris, a bunch ofkeys on a key ring. Finder will recely a suitable reward, by returningthem to l(5-lt) CHAS. P. COOK.LostSomewhere on the streets ofParis, a bunch of keys, with a tagbearing the name "Chas. B. Harris,Home Telephone Co., Paris, Ky."Finder please return to Miss MaudeDay, at the Home Telephone office,Paris, and receive reward. (It)Fords For SaleTwo Fords, 1918 Touring Cars, inperfect condition.Also, one 1918 Coupe and two 191 SRoadsters.Trucks and cars for hire. SeeS. R. HUDNALL,At Ruggles Motor Co.,(It) Both Phones.-iPUBLIC SALEOFChurch Building !On Saturday, Aug. 16,at10 a. m., we will sell to the highest Didder, on the premises, in NorthMiddfeto'wn, the old ChristianChurch .building, to he removed fromthe grounda within thirty days.The building Is 44x62, and has onit much 'nigli-class lumber; framingla yellow, popular; floors white pine,and is studded with 4x6 stuff.At the same time will sell a lot ofpews, chandeliers, and base burnerBtoves. The pews are made of whitenine. 18 inches wide, without flaw.Will sell also one 8-horse International Cfas Engine in good repair.Sale at 10 'o'clock sharp rain orshine.H..s..Aywpop, : :($-4) x Committee.IXXSXHIXHX!CLEARINGON OUR ENTIREReady- to -WearSuitsCoatsDressesCapes, Dolmans,Skirts and Millinery"HARRY SIMON: wJL i i iWe Have aIiXn :THE J.EITHERPHONE 3CMotor Hearse'.'" x- 'V Hk, WIMto flk, Hfer B L BBH H H H H H Hj. B flHItL L HIH Hrmm L mm mrn K fM 1 H H m H .H H H m H HK m L H H H &v Hr KpB B :IHIISVi m t: iiPiecesZ.FMiTThat we wishto close outat onceT. BUTTON mPARIS, KENTUCKYMotor Invalid Coach Undertaking"ISALESTOCK:.Fewofif.SIXTH AND MAINXsKmmSri1KIiVam1oa1"111l1K1KIm mI'.i ia ;1 I1 1X1I. . PJJBSDAY AUGUST 5, 1919. -PAGE:(ira3l3JKPNPPRiraiTHE BOTTIBOH TOWS, PAEIS, JLEHTDOE.I 'IWWWm14B SltlS What you pay out your good money for IBl10 t t is cigarette satisfaction and, my. how HB 18 cents a package - . ,A . r ' -' , , Hyou do get it m every pufi of Camels! mB TXPERTLY blended choice low-mildness of the tobaccos yet re- ME if Turkish and choice Domestic taining the desirable "body." Camels mB tobaccos in Camel cigarettes elimi- are simply a revelation! You may fflm nate bite and free them from any smoke them without tiring your taste! mB unpleasant cigaretty aftertaste orI unpleasant cigaretty odor. For yUT own satisfaction you must hB compare Camels with any cigaretteE Camels win instant and permanent in the world at any price. Then,H success with smokers because the you'll best realize their superior ifB blend brings out to the limit the quality and the rare enjoyment BB refreshing flavor and delightful mel- they provide. mB R. J. REYNOLDS TOBACCO COMPANY, Winiton-Salem, N. C ffiTOORGANIZE POSTS OPAMEBICAN LEGIONTHETo effect an organization of postsof the American Legion, composed ofmen who were in service, in everycounty in Central and Eastern Kentucky, General Roger Williams, ofLexington, a member of the StateExecutive Committee, will appointmen within a few days to take chargeof the work in the sixth, seventh,eighth, Ninth, Tenth and EleventhCongressional districts.It is planned to have at least onepost of the legion in every countyin Kentucky, and more than one insome of the larger cities, GeneralWilliams said recently. Already between 25 and 30 applications havebeen received by the executive committee for approval, and forwardedto the national organization to beissued. .Enlisted men are expected to take aleading part in the formation of theposts, as military rank will not beconsidered. It is estimated that 75,000 men in Kentucky will join posts.The only eligible requirement is honorable service during the time theUnited States was in the war. HenryBLUE BRASS FAIRDeHaven Moorman, of Madisonville.is the commander for Kentucky.The efforts to form posts will behandicapped in Kentucky by the factthat no complete records of men inservice are available in any county."It is unfortunate that no recordswere kept," General Williams said."Neither the draft board, the countyofficials, nor State officers made anyrecord of the men passing throughtheir hands. If we had completeun-formation our work would be easy."oCATARRH CANNOT BE CUBEDWith local, applications, as theycannot reach the seat of the disease.I Catarrh is a local disease, greatly influenced by constitutional conditions,and in order to cure to "cure you musttake an internal remedy. Hall's Ca-SHAEP BREAK (COMING IN HIGHFODD PRICES.LEXINGTONm-KENTUCKY6-BIG DAYSAND NIGHTSBER-61-6jtarrn Medicine is taken internally,and acts through the blood on themucous surfaces of the system. Hall's; Catarrh Medicine was prescribed by'one of the best physicians in this"country for years. It is composed ofsome of the best tonics knotfh, combined with some of the best bloodpurifiers. The perfect combinajtionjit.um uigreaienia lit Hair nctnrriii Medicine is what nroduees such won.derful results in catarrhal conditions.&ena tor testimonials, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Hall's Family Pills for constipation.WASHINGTON, August 4. WithPresident Wilson himself squarelybehind the campaign to bring downthe cost of the necessaries of life,with Congress aroused to the necessity of enacting legislation, with fiveCabinet members making a co-ordinatedeffort to bring relief, and withthe War Department about ready todistribute its $120,000,000 food surplus by parcels post, the .elief thatthere would be a sharp break inprices in the very near future, washeld in official circles to-day.The distribution of the army foodwas, however, but an emergencymeasure. The $120,000,000 surplusrepresenting but a little more than$1 worth of food for every man, woman and child in the country- wasconceded to be but a drop in thebucket. However, temporary reliefcomes at a time when means for effecting permanent relief are beingmapped out by the various Government agencies, and may bridge thegap. And in the meantime, it wasbelieved, in some quarters, an effortmay be made by food purveyors tomeet the Government's prices.Another "special" Cabinet meetingis to be held early next week. Thesession yesterday attended by Attorney General Palmer and Secretaries Glass, Houston, Redfield andWilson, together with ChairmanClover of the Federal Trade Commission, and Railway Director Hineswas called at the direct instance ofPresident Wilson, it was learned authoritatively to-day. "The troublelies deeper than the problem ofwages versus food and fuel," saidChairman Colver. "To begin with,there is such an inflation of moneythat the dollar is cheap as comparedwith bread and shoes. When moneyis cheap, everything else, measuredby it, is dear. 'The high cost of living' is only another way of saying'the low price of money.'"Quite aside from these thingsthere is, no doubt, jorofiteering on alarge and small scale. Everybody,whether he has labor or commoditiesto sell, is asking higher and higherprices."WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 4.With every postmaster and oarrierthruout the country acting as asalesman, the war and postoffice departments Thursday got under waythe government's plan to help the nation drive from its doors the highcost of living wolf thru the distribution at cost of approximately$125,000,000 worth of surplus armyfoodstuffs.Under arrangements for the saleof the food, made at- a conference ofSecretary Baker, Postmaster General Burleson and 'RepresentativeKelly, of Pennsylvania, author ofthe recent House resolution directing sale snd distribution of the foodthru the parcel post, ' War Department, officials were preparing a pricelist covering the entire available surplus. 'While the distribution programwas being put into effect, PresidentWilson had before him a statementfrom the Brotherhood of LocomotiveEngineers which declared that "conscienceless profiteering by the greatinterests who have secured controlof all the necessities of life" hadbrought about such conditions thatthex engineers felt that they mustdemand increased wages unless livingexpenses speedily were reduced.At the Department of Justice investigations into cause of increasingliving costs were under way withparticular attention being given tothe question of whether producersor dealers had combined in violation of law to raise prices of necessi-Jewel Ptpeless FurnacesJHffrHf J ffilpSpecially adapted tohomes without furnaces.Requires no pipingnor wall cutting.A new popular pricedand efficient heatingsystem.Easy to install economical to operate.For Sale ByT. W. SPICEROpposite Court House, Paris, Ky,'AW. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.IBourbon LaundryI DAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4Wet Fifh Streetj-Z """" " -. - -1 ."Sfc31IIXIXI'fflfiifraScs??--Sii-ZJTts-JmSATISFACTION iOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improvements in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we areprepared to do work inferior to none, andyour patronage.solicitXEXIties.I The Bourbon Laundry jParis, Kentucky$35,000VSBW $35)000WORLD-FAMED RAINBOW DIVISION BAND45-Places 45RUBIN & CHERRY SHOWS20-Car Loads 20RunningRACESDAILYTrottingSPECIAL RAILROAD RATESKEN WALKER, SecretaryA MAN AND HIS WIFE' may both derive saiisfactioni by having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasureof wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.. A phone brings' Us.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 Home Phone 169BEUGOUS BODIES MAY NOW GETWINE.2U.1$w3Mll'.h;,.Smd TMrt Net Job of Printfti to 'thBourbon Nws. Best Work; Right Prices.Regulations just issued by the Bureau of Internal Revenue afford everyreligious organization in the UnitedStates opportunity to obtain wine forsacramental purposes."We have endeavored to cut outall 'red tape,' Deputy CommissionerGay lord said, "and have made theregulations easy for bona fide organizations to follow."Where sacramental wines are produced and distributed under clericalsupervision, as in certain monasteries of the Roman Catholic Church,the usual international revenue taxmust be paid and accurate recordskept of all shipments.In case of purchases of wine fromdealers not under church supervision,the bureau expressed a 'preferencethat an affidavit of the use to whichthe wine was to be put accompanythe order, for the protection of boththe seller and the purchaser.Churches not navin hieracrhel organizations will obtain wine on theapplication of the minister or dulyauthorized officer of the congregation.THE BEST PHYSIC.When you want a pleasant physictry Chamberlain's Tablets. They areeasy to take and mild and gentle ineffect. They are highly prized bypeople who have become-acquaintedwith their good qualities. They onlycost a quarter.(adv-auofMrs. Peavish says that before prohibition Mr. Peavish used to pretendthat he had a wine cellar, and nowhe hints to his friends that he wouldlike to find one.-o -rSometimes a young man's mustache look like he can't make up hismind whether to take it or leave it.'CAllMfiAI TELL OF SLAUGHTER OP JEWS.NEW YORK, 'Aug. 4. LouisMarshall, Chairman of the commit,tee of Jewish delegations at thepeace conference, made public Thursday a cable message from Leo Motkkin, Secretary of the committee, nowis in Paris, Prance, in which it wasalleged "thatf 120,000 Jews, including 1,500 school children, had beenkilled "in new and terrible pogramsduring June at Kaminetz, Podolsk,Kitaigorod, Ourinine and other citiesand towns in Ukraine."In making public the message Mr.Marshall said there was every reasonto believe the massacres were continuing, but that "owing to the stateof anarchy which prevails in the Ukraine and the difficulty of communication it has been impossibleto secure such details as are important and desirable."The cable message said that tHereports of the wholesale killings wereconfirmed by three rabbis and otherJewish representatives of Khotine,all of whom are known by Mr. Motz-In Proskurof alone, it said, 3,964persons were slain and 2,000 wounded. Declaring that it was "impossible to check the exact figures," themessage w.ent on to say that "Ukrainian Judaism fears total extermination." PEAHLS PEELED LKE ONIONSiSONS MAECHIKG HOME TOTHER OP 33 CHILDRENPA-Manny Bruner's twelve sons arereturning. home from" war. to theirhome at Talequah, Okla. Bruner is a74-year-old negro and. has the distinction of being the father of thirtythree living children. He had twelvesons .in inilitary service, rangingfrom 18 to 28 years old.Twenty of Bruner's children areboys and thirteen girls. There werefive sets of twins.One boy is named Jim and anotherJames. One girl is named Annie andanother Anna.Bruner was born in the old IndianTerritory.Frequent Freight ServiceBY TRACTIONKy. Traction & TerminalCo.Pearls, which aWays have beennumbered among1 the most expensiveof jewels, are sometimes improved in"luster, and enhanced, sit price bypeeling." Pearls are'similar in structure to an onion. They are formed,gradually in an oyster or musseljshell, layer on Jayer. "When .onechanges color, or develops, spots, ..ad'sometimes .happens, .the . removal . ,ofthe outer ,layer will .sqmetimes restore -it to its "original; quality. , A,WI ,wor.r.,, 4-1,'T,J J "r -?ycaii jyuaoijoacd, iuc, uai UUCSJi UI lime- Jstuueiiiiu a. suarp umie or xnree cornered file, is used to peel Jt , It !takeskeen eyesight and nerve ,and skin todo the peeling. Just the r,ight press-vure and, no more must be exertedor the nexV layer will he injured.Peeling a pearl is a delicate job atbest.Shoes are, expected to advance $2a pair "next" fall. A short life and amerry one, "men!JgOXI Southern Optical Co. IIncorporatediManufacturers of Perf ect-Fittinflf JSPECTACLES ANDEYE CLASSESKrjpttks Arfifiiiid EyctInvisible Bifocal Leu4th JtChMtnut'SU,LOUISVILLE KY.Sale Prices !Bungalow ApronsThe $1.98 kind at $ 1 4TWash WaistsThd $1,75 kind at $ 1 .22CorsetsValues up to $5.00go at $1.23Ladies' and Children'sHatsThree assortments$2.89 $1.49 $1.98Watch Our WindowsTWIN BROS.Department Store7th and Main Paris, KyINTERUEBAN SCHEDULE"CARS LEAVELexington Por - Paris Fora nP5 nn . LexinetonA. M. 6.00x A. M. 6:45A. M. 7:20 a. M. 7:15xA. M. 8:50 A. M. 8:15A- M. 10:20 a. M. 9:45JJ J10 K T. JL1,:15JJ- ?:5! p- M- 2:15 .' X 'i1?0 p- M- 8:45PM.. :00 R 3VT. 5:15P. M.7.:20 p. m. 6:50P. M. 9:10 R m. 8:15P. M,V11:00 p; m. 10:05(x) Daily except Sunday.V '..tiv.A A J.BEHTUCH TKkVnVX 1XD TEX-MWAXctarurrTUESDAY, AUGUST 5, 1919.THE BOtTRBOH NEWS, PAJJS,. DIEFCKJriaPackageaaaV aarTry this Powdered Soap Today!Grandma'sSaves TIME SavesYour Grocer Has It!LGOEBEL MONUMENT BASE REPLACED tflTH NEW ONEThe base of the Goebel monument,which stands in front of the stepsleading to the Capitol building, atFrankfort, is to be replaced by a newone. The present base was placed inposition in the fall of 1913 and tbestatue of former Governor WilliamGoebel was unveiled during tbe 1914session of tbe General Assembly.Tbe base was never accepted bytbe Sinking Fund Commissioners, asit is cracked in several places. Tbemonument cost the State ?20,000.Of this amount $10,000 bas beenpaid and tbe remainder will be paidtbe contractors if tbe new base wbicbis to take place of tbe old one is inperfect condition.Tbe base about to be placed in position is tbe tbird one made for tbestatue of Governor Goebel. Tbe secone one remains in tbe yards of tbefreigbt depot as it arrived, inoad condition.Work of removing tbe present basehas been started by a corps of workmen. It is a big undertaking andconsiderable time will elapse beforethe new base is put into position.A TRAVELING MAN'S EXPERIENCE You may learn something from tbefollowing by W. H. Ireland, a traveling salesman of Louisville, Ky. inthe summer of 1888 I bad a severeattack of cholera morbus. I gave thehotel porter fifty cents and told himto buy me a bottle of Chamberlain sColic and Diarrhoea Remedy and totake no substitute. I took a doubledose of it according to the directionsand went to sleep. At five o'clock thenext morning I was called by my order and took a train for my nextstopping place, a well manyaug)Another thing will the lady voters do their hair in curl papers thenight before election day?BRIGHTEREVENINGSNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.TlseSlectricitifor DatingIt's the only satisfactory way.use Sas?or gating and CookingIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix You UpFor the Use o! BothElectricity and Gas.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)Wefrb 1 4flaYsSr&XT'1DUQUESNE LIGHT COMPANY(PitUkmrgk)First Mortgage Collateral Trust 6 BondsDue July 1, 1949Price 100 and Interest Yielding 6James C. Willson & Co.210 S. FIFTH STREETNo Wastingof Bar Soap!NO decidedly no, whenGRANDMA is around.No bar soap lying inwater wasting way No chipping.licing or shaving off more than youneed. GRANDMA is a wonderfulsoap and it is Powdered. Thattthe big secret. You just measureout what you seed, no more. Sprinkleit in the tub and presto just likemagic, millions of glorious, cleaningsuds in an instant. Then, the whitest,cleanest, freshest clothes that Tfrbung on a wash linePowdered SoapWORK Saves SOAPADVERTISING CLUBS TO DISCUSSADVERTISING PROMOTIONHigh wages alone will not insurethat men will stick to their jobs andmake their effort productive in amaximum degree. There must be, inaddition to good wages, a real understanding, a realization of mutualityof interest, between the employer andthe employe, whether this be appliedto factory, store or farm.This fact has been recognized bythe Associated Advertising Clubs ofthe World, with the result that theprogram for the world convention ofadvertising, which will be held inNew Orleans, September 21 to 25,will have for its central theme thepromotion of advertising as a-n instrument of first importance inbringing about such an understanding between capital and labor as willinsure maximum production, with itsresulting prosperity.In connection with this announcement by officers of the advertisingclubs, it was announced that SamuelGompers, president of the AmericanFederation of Labor, had accepted aplace on the convention program, andthat a man equally representativeof capital, would present the otherside of the story.AN OLD FAULT UNDER.An irritable and fault finding disposition is often caused by indigestion. A man with good digestion andbowels that act regularly is usuallygood natured. When troubled withindigestion or constipation takeChamberlain's Tablets. Theystrengthen tbe stomach and enable itto perform its functions naturally.They also cause a gentle movement ofthe bowels.(adv-aug)PRISON WALLS HOLD LOVER OPGOOD HORSES.FRANKFORT, KY., Aug. 4. Loveof horse flesh has kept Tom Johnson, alias Sam Veach, behind prisonwalls for a number of years. Johnson, who is 26 years of age, was firstsent to the Eddyville penitentiaryfrom Hickman county in 1911 toserve a term of from two to tenyears for horse stealing. In 1913he was paroled and drifted West toMissouri, where the desire to steal ahorse again manifested itself and hewas forced to serve a term at Jefferson City. At the expiration of histerm he was brought back to Kentucky as a parole violator and againplaced in the Eddyville penitentiarywhere he was known as Sam Veach.Again paroled in 1918, Johnsonwent to Laurel county and once morethe desire to own a horse assailedhim. He was given twp years in theFrankfort reformatory under thename of Johnson. When it was learned that Johnson was Veach andVeach was Johnson, he was returnedto the Eddyville prison to finish upa balance of two years and ninemonths which he owed when paroledthe last time. When he completesthat sentence Johnson will be returned to the Frankfort reformatoryto serve out the remainder of the twoyears' sentence.oSUITS AUTHORIZED BY ATTORNEY GENERAL.Attorney General Morris stated inJ reference to suits filed in EasternKentucky tor tne purpose or escneating to the State thousands of acres ofland held by corporations contrary, itis alleged, to law, that the suits wereauthorized by the Attorney General.Attorney General Morris said thathe did not know anything about themeeting in Lexington.oMoreover, if wife had a lot of petticoats in the laundry basket therewouldn't be room for husband'sPalm Beaches.OfferLOUISVILLE, KY.VETS TO MEETIN LOUISVILLEOCTOBER 3 AND 4State Convention of AmericanLegion Will Sound KeynoteAgainst Un-AmericanismBROAD PLATFORM IS ADOPTEDmwMam-Louisville, Ky., August 4. (Special)WheL the soldiers, sailors and marinesof Kentucky meet at the State Convention of the American Legion inLouisville, October 3 and 4, as therepresentatives of 100,000 veterans ofthe world war, the keynote to bestruck will be that of a new vigilanceorganization which will stand for theprotection of American ideals andwhich will oppose with its full strengthlawlessness In any degree, whether itis based on open adherence to Bolshevism or any other form of anarchyor whether it takes the more Insidiousphase of secret propaganda based onany kind of adulterated Americanism.Judge Henry De Haven Moorman, ofHardlnsburg, State Commander, andAttilla Cox, Jr., Organization Chairman, declare that they reflect theviews of the returned veterans whenthey assert that the new AmericanLegioff is standing firmly on the platform that pro-Germanism and its kindred are as odious today as ever."The Legion," states CommanderMoorman, "is merely the continuance,in an organized way of the force forgood which our 4,000,000 soldiers, sailors and marines represented In thewar. They are organizing themselvesso that demobilization of our armedforces will not have dissipated thisgreat force. With an awakened conscience, regarding their individual andcollective responsibility In a new light,they propose to keep America safe fordemocracy."At a meeting in Louisville yesterday, the time of the State Conventionwag' fixed and arrangement weremade by Organization Chairman Coxto have every county represented inthe deliberations of the flret after-the-vrarassembly of veterans In Kentucky:An intimation of the great protectiveactivities of the Legion is expected tobe given during the meeting. GeorgeB. Ewald, of Louisville, Is chairmanof the State Convention Committee,which is working with the LouisvilleConvention and Publicity League Inplanning the convention.Activities of the American Legionare well under way. Beginning August4, a corps of volunteer workers leftfor a tour of the state, perfecting localorganizations and making sure thatKentucky will be fully representedwhen the first national convention ofthe Legion Is held, beginning Armistice Day, November 11, in Minneapolis.Yeterans are calling November 2J"American Legion Day."The AroerIcanLegIon will be a semigovernmental adjunct. Its incorporation in Congress is pending. It is behind various Congressional bills designed to make laws against alien anddomestic disturbers more effective andto make 100 per cent Americanism areality.President Wilson has endorsed theLegion. In the American LegionWeekly of July 25, a letter from thePresident Is quoted as follows:"I am happy to have this opportunity to address a word of greetingand comradeship to the men who haveserved In the Army, Navy and MarineCorps and are now banding themselvestogether to preserve the splendid traditions of that service. I have had achance to see these men on land andsea, at home and abroad. The spiritof their service was as splendid asits success, and the continuation ofthat spirit in the American Legion willmake it always an inspiration to thefull performance of high and difficultduties.Kentucky headquarters, 714 InterSouthern Building, Louisville, is aplace of varied activity. A state employment bureau, under EmmetO'Neal, is in operation, and MO'Neal is in touch with local post.which alM have employ men t officers.Charles II. Moorman is War Risk Officer, co-operating with local posts inlooking after insurance, bonus andcompensation problems of the soldiersand sailors now back home. Colone'Arthur Woods, assistant secretary ofwar, has asked the full help of theLegion throughout the country In looking after the employment question.Lieutenant H. B. Turner, of his stall',at a conference In Louisville last week,arranged with Legion leaders and representatives of the War Camp Community Service, for the Immediateopening of a central bureau In thedowntown section. Lieutenant Turner is now visiting other cities in thestate with a similar object.Dr. Arthur McCormack, of BowlingGreen, as rehabilitation officer, is pushing vocational training and at the sametime is Interesting medical men in theLegion. James P. Gregory is planninga speakers' campaign and Is endeavoring to bring nationally prominent members of the Legion to Kentucky.Another phase of activity at stateheadquarters is the issuance of charters to local posts. Fifteen have beenthus far and numerous others are inprocess of formation, according to D.A, Sachs, State Adjutant.mmrBtiick Five-PassengerBUTCKpersons,suchtheJm. "Vf:;tOiWfiSTMTrThe tonneari & even more liberally proportioned. Tbt tejgfe ftjQthree-passenger capacity, set at a comfortable angle. The i$& ateupholstered clear to tbe doors with the same French pleated Jeatnerused on the cushions and seat backs. Bach of the four doom &equipped with a side pocket for storing small parcels. The instrumentboard is utominated by a dash lamp. Top and side curtains are madeof high grade fabric, the curtains swinging open with the doors.Befcmd the front seat is a very convenient pocket for storing thesid6 curtains when not in use.WkemBttrAutotobO3 Arm Built BVICK Will Build ThemC. . BALL OARAGEFourth and Pleasant Streets,aPBaaaaaaamp ItlTHEUNIVERSALAftRUGGLES16 Sank Row, Paris, Ky. Ill; fTOO MUCH "BULL" IN NEWSPAPER OFFICE.We have always heard that thereis more "bull used in a newspaperoffice than in any other place, butwe never thought any editor hadmore than he could use until a realShorthorn bull stampeded on thestreet at Mt. Olivet and took refugein the office of The Tribune.A GREAT REMEDY.The merits of Chamberlain's Colicand Diarrhoea Remedy are wellknown and appreciated, but there isoccasionally a man who had no acquaintance with them and shouldread the following by F. H. Dear, ahotel man at Dupuyer, Mont. "Fouryears ago I used Chamberlain's Colicand Diarrhoea Remedy with suchwonderful results that I have sincerecommended it to my friends."aav-augj j-...--?-Y&"'-"ModelModel K-Si-iS te a erydesigned to cover tbea car is put It differs from the bqrsf model only in tonneau andsame degree of ruggedness,and fhechanical excellence.J JBjBjBOBjajpjf "jAaPJiaafekJ3The Home Telephone Your ServantFor Only a Few Cents Per Dayalwayauty?1 JSSS"" ' to . will,i, He wl? ,V,sta,ltIl Present to you the grocer, butcher, baker or mt ofthe trades-folks, or the doctor, fire department or police in raargi5r.He will go far beyond the confines of the town and brine to mi fnESySaSEii a member of the famlly or one ' m, He will summons the railroad,i' And as to wages, he will onlyJ day; in place of business from 10Paris Home Telephone & TeeqrahkCompany3""1 r' (Incorporated) i - n-vj.j. veawjn, lsmct manager.1920V''y. -bffffite!&&fcctpahte opan carImultitude of usesi!Kchassisouinittfl vAp ii2fiffifflfeJ!!i&5ft I'iI Iboat or theatre ticket in a few sec-cost you in residence from 6to8cnito 12c per dav. 5cpfl, w. H. Cannon, Local'. y$"Ji4THE BOtEBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, AUGUST 5, 1911.1GI EIGHThXMILLERSBURG,MATRIMONIAL.Master Ennis Earl Insko is improving. You can buy coffee at Caldwell'scheaper than elsewhere.Mr. Hamlet Sharp, of Maysville,is the guest of Mr. W. G. Leer.Dr. and Mrs. Jas. Bruce, of.Willis Branch, West Virginia, aregue-t of Mr. and Mrs. S. E. Bruce.Messrs. Henry Patterson and W.E. 3utler remain about the same.Mr. Levy Trotter, of Lexington,was among his old friends here Saturcay. Mr. J. Clark Leer and Miss Elizabeth Boston are ill with typhoidievr.Miss Ruth McClintock left Fridayfor a week's visit to relatives atCincinnati.Mrs. James B. Cray left yester-iday for a two-weeks' sojourn atGrayson Springs.Mr. Ashby Leer sold his farm alew days ago to real estate dealersfor S275 per acre.Mr. and Mrs. Josh Ewing, ofOvringsville, spent the week-end withMr. and Mrs. S. C. Bascom.- Millersburg is suffering from anice famine, and ffom present indications there is uc relief in sight.Mr. Bayies-DeBell was the guestof his daughter; Mrs. George Jeffreys,at -Lexington, from Friday until Sunday. Mr. and I.Irs. R. L. Powell andson, Master Harold Powell, are spending a week with relatives at Cynthiana. Rev. J. D. Redd attended theconference of Presiding Elders at St.Louis, Mo., from Tuesday until Fri-iday-Election day passed off quietlyhere, and a small vote was polled.Black for Governor, receiving a majority. Mr. Frank Armstrong, of Cincinnati, was the guest of his aunt, Mrs.Faimie Norton, from Friday untilSunday.Mrs. Martha Vimont and daughter. Miss Florence Vimont, left Saturday for a week's visit to Mrs. W. A.V "zing, at Maysville.-See the nice line of overalls andt' k shirts at Caldwell's. They areoh riper than elsewhere. If youdon't believe it price them.We are selling shoes at our oldprices. There will soon be an advance. Buy now and save money.R. M. CALDWELL.Y Master James Pruitt has beenwith his grandparents for several-weeks, while Miss Elizabeth Pruitt isvisiting frienas at Winchester.Mr. and Mrs. Otis Bacon, of.Wichita Falls, Texas, who are visiting relatives in Paris, are spending afew days in this city with Mr. andMrs. Oscar Johnson.Mr. and Mrs. M. E. Pruitt anddaughter, Miss Lucile Pruitt, wereguests ot her parents, Mr. and Mrs.IDeBell Chanslor, at Stanford, fromSaturday until Monday.Mrs. Ellen Clarke Parker andson, Jack, who have been guests ofthe former's aunt, Mrs. George M.Johnson, and family, in this city, forseveral weeks, have returned to theirhome In American Fork, Utah.The annual meeting of the directors of the Hurst Home InsuranceCo. will be held at the Hurst Homeoffice Wednesday. Dinner will beserved at' the M. C. The AuditingCommittee of - the company arrivedMonday,- ..and are now auditing the;books,Rev. R.'K. .White, who with hiswife, was called to Norfolk, Va., somedays ago on account of the criticalijlness of her father, returned Saturday, and filled his pulpit, Mrs.White remaining. Mr. White leftagain Monday for Norfolk, where hewill remain for two weeks.Burglars atempted to enter thehome of Mrs. Marguerite Powell,Friday night frqm-the back porchidoor. Mrs. Powell has her back porchcanvassed in. The canvass was cutand the burglars entered through theback porch. However, they werefrightened away without enteringthe house. Mr. Fred Hill is roomingp Mrs. Powell's during the absenceof her son, Mr. R. L. Powell.Mr. R. M. Caldwell has accepted the agency for the Levy DryCleaning Co., at Paris, and solicitsyour patronage. Work will be donespeedily, and be returned to you ina very short time after it is sentaway. The work is all done inParis, nothing sent to Lexington,Cincinnati or elsewhere. This com-pany is thoroughly prepared to doall kinds of work. Rugs and Carpets a specialty.WEEDS AND BRANCHES MUST GO"Warnings that the Bourbon countygrand jury will take action will besent out to all property-owners whohave failed to cut down weeds andoverhanging branches on the roadson which their property faces, byAugust 21. ..,.The State law provides that prop-,erty-owners shall between July 1 andAugust 20 of each year cut down all-weeds and overhanging brancheswhich have grown on the side of theroad, which touches their land.Crty ordinances require that allweeds in the city be cut down, butat present, like three-fourths of theordinances on the city's books, it is a-.a no a letter, observed nrincinally miits non-observance. .Saturday was Cupid's day in theoffice of County Clerk Pearce Paton.Marriage licenses were issued thatday to the following couples: Conley Combs, and Miss Erne Underwood, both of Fayette county; Wm.McNees, 23, Pendleton county, andMiss Gertrude Florence, Bourboncounty, Walter I. Records, 27, Cyn-thiana, and Miss Mary Woods, 26,Paris.IVY MYNHEIR.In Lexington, Friday, MagistrateChas. Parrish performed the marriage ceremony uniting Mr. Mark Mynheir, 22, farmer, of Bourbon county,and Miss Ella May Ivy, 18, of Fayette county.oRELIGIOUS.Elder Newton Shropshire, ofClintonville, is assisting the pastor ina revival meeting in the Hilltopchurch, in Fleming county, whichbegan Sunday.During August the various youngpeople's societies of the Paris Protestant churches will hold union services. The first of the series was heldSunday night, with the Endeavor Society of the Christian church, on thelawn in the rear of the church.oBIRTHS.ALAMOAFTERNOON, 2:00-5:30GRANDEVENING, 7:00-10:30Today, Tuesday I Tomorrow, WednesdayADMISSIONAdults 18c, war tax 2c 20cChildren and Gallery9c plus lc war tax 10cShirley MasonIN"The Rescuing Angel"It's funny, ludicrous; dramatic, near-tragic. It' ' worthcoming miles to see.William DuncanIN"The IVIan of Might"and Pathe ComedyMARGUERITECLThursday, August 7thLadies9 PayIN"Captain Kidd, Jr."The charm and personality ofMary Pickford never were moredelightfully in evidence in anyof her previous screen portrayals.Big V Comedy"Harem and Hokum"and Bray PictographWA UNINA Very GoodYoung Man"Also Vod-a-Vil Moviesand Pathe Review.Two ladies will be admitted for oneticket plus 2c war tax on Thursdays..IN THE SERVICE OP THEIRCOUNTRY.James Everman, son of Mrs. J. A.Gilkey, has received his final discharge, papers from the service,and has returned to Paris. YoungEverman was on the U. S S, Texas,and made an excellent l'ecord in theservice.Landrum Payne, son of Postmasterand Mrs. J. "Walter Payne, has returned to his home in this city, having received his honorable dischargefrom the service. He landed in America several days ago, but wished tomake his homecoming a surprise. Hehas been in the aviation branch ofthe service.In this city, to the wife of Mr.Joseph Wilson, a son.Near Little Rock, to the wife ofMr. Roger Burris, a son.In this city, to the wife of Mr.George Adams, a son.oOSTEOPATHIC SANITORIUMj Dr. Martha Petree, who, with thefamily of her brother, Mr. ClaudePetree, has occupied the former homeof Mr. and Mrs. Nicholas Kriener,on Vine street, will convert the residence into an osteopathic saniaorium,as soon as it is vacated by Mr. Petree, and after some necessarychanges and improvements havebeen completed.Mrs. Mary Kaucher, of St. Louis,Mo., will arrive this week to assumethe duties of matron of the new institution. -. - 'BACK TO BOURBON.Mr. and Mrs. Strother Mitchell,I former residents of Bourbon county,have sold their ranche in Kansas,and are now Spending sometime inKentucky with a view of locating ifthey can find a suitable farm. Mr.and Mrs. Mitchell formerly residedin North Middletown, where they areat present visiting Mrs. Mitchell's father, Dr. R. D. Weaver.oBETTER BOURBON BABIES.Attention is again called to the observance of "Better Babies Week,"which began yesterday, at the courthouse, under the direction of theBourbon County .Health and WelfareLeague Physicians and assistantswill be on hand to conduct theweighing and measuring of childrenunder six years of age, and also togive advice as to the proper care andnurture of the babies in order thatthey may reach the standards set bythe National League.o.TO THE PUBLIC.Having purchased of Mr. CharlesP. Mann his Racket Store in thiscity I will at once close out at verylow prices some of the lines he hasbeen carrying. This is done in orderto make room for the new line of drygoods, silks, notions, shoes, etc., thatI have recently purchased, and whichwill be in and on display aboutAugust 6. My friends in Bourbon andNicholas are especially asked to makenote of my location, 607-609 Mainstreet, Paris.(ltf B. M. TUNE.- oREAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSThe farm of Mr. Geo. R. Burberry,near Centerville, advertised to besold at public auction Friday, wasbid up to $210 an acre, and withdrawn. Auctioneer M. F. Kenney sold yesterday at the court house door in thiscity, for Master Commissioner O. T.Hinton, the Bob Overley house onWashington street, to the BourbonAgricultural Bank & Trust Co., astrustee for Mrs. Myrtle Wright, for$705.n. TO SELECT COMMISSIONERThe members of the BourbonCounty Democratic Committee held ameeting at the court house yesterdayafternoon and disposed of considerable routine business. The committeeselected a list of five prominent Democrts, Benj. Woodford, Wm. Ardery,Wm. G. Talbott, Catesby Spears andJohn T. Collins, from which one manwill be certified to the State ElectionCommittee to serve as Election Commissioner for the next twelvemonths.Sergt. Owen T. Gibson has returned to Paris from a long service, overseas as a member of the AmericanExpeditionary Forces, having received an honorable discharge a fewdays ago. Before entering the service Sergt. Gibson was rural mailcarrier on one of the routes from theParis postoffice. He enlisted in theservice in the summer of 1918.Miss., from where he was transferredwith the others to France. He hadbeen lately stationed at the Classification Camp, at Brest, France, in thepersonnel department. He will resume his former position in,the officeof the Yardmaster of the Louisville& Nashville, in this city. .wMiss Eva Snencer. sister of Mr3.Wm. B. Ardery, of Paris, has arrivedin New York from overseas, and isexpected at home in Lexington, soon.She entered the service August r,1918, and has been serving in theUnited States hospitals in France,England and Germany since the armistice was signed. Her many friendswill be glad to welcome her home.oWHEAT.Off grade and good wheatwanted.R. B. HUTCHCRAFT & CO.(julyl8-6t)Leo Hayden, who recently receivedhis honorable discharge from theservice, has arrived from the demobilization camp at Camp Mills, LongIsland, N. Y., to spend the summerin Paris with his parents, Mr. andJ. W. Hayden, on Henderson street.Mr. Hayden spent a year of the service overseas, most of the time inFrance. 4l , ,,Among the recent arrivals fronioverseas service are the followingfrom North Middletown, who havereceived honorable discharges: Marian Thomas, Herbert Sledd andFlournoy Hagan, white and BarnesWilson, R. C. Carter, Sherman Strawder, Stanley Evans, Robt.Hanson, Charles Downey and JamesThomas.A detachment of the 83 rd FieldArtillery from Camp Knox, consisting of five officers and fifty men, withfifty horses and two 75 millimeterfield guns, are visiting Central Kentucky towns on a recruiting trip andwill exhibit in Paris before returningto Louisville. Exhibitions of a battery going into action will be givenand the field guns will be placed ondisplay and the mechanism will beexplained by members of the outfit.Private John R. Rye, of Paris, whohas been in France as a member ofthe American Expeditionary Force,has returned to America, and is nowat Camp Gordon, near Atlanta, Ga.,where he will receive his dischargefrom the service. While in the service overseas Private Rye was withthe Fifth Division of the A. E. F.He will return to this city as soonas he has been mustered out, and willbe the guest of his parents, Mr. andMrs. James Rye, on Mt. Airy avenue.After a long service overseas withthe Dr. Barrow Hospital Unit No. 40,and later with another Unit inFrance, Mr. Baldwin Woods has returned to this city, and is at thehome of his mother, Mrs. Jack Woodsand family, on Eighth street. Whilein the dischorge of his duties Mr.Woods has visited the followingcountries: England, France, Ireland,Italy, Germany, Russia and Africa.He has received his final dischargepapers fiom the service, and will remain in Paris.Private Allie Carter, just returnedfrom overseas service in France, wastendered an old fashioned picnic dinner in the woods near his home, lastweek, by relatives. Those presentwere: W. E. Carter, T. J. Harneyand fomily, J. H. Bell and family, O.T. Wagoner and family, Jesse Carterand fomily, J. H. Bell and family, O.family, Mr. and Mrs. Virgil Harney,Mrs. Linville and daughter, ClaudeLinville, Arthur Linville, Carl Linville, Henry Napier, Wilbur Crump,Allie Carter, Herbert Carter, J. S.Wagoner, Bruce Wagoner and E. P.Wagoner."Debarked, Deloused, Discharged,"was the tersely-worded telegram received in Paris by Patrolman GeorgeM. Hill, of the Paris police force,from his son, Sergt. Lawrence Hill.Sergt. Hill received his honorabledischarge from the service last week,and arrived at Newport News, Va.,returning to Paris, Saturday 'afternoon. Hn enlisted in the service as amember of the Signal Corps, and wassent to Camp Shelby, at Hattiesburg,Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanSTOCK, CROP, ETC.Mr. Jesse R. Letton, of the)Lettonia Stock Farm, near Paris, soldlast week-three head of fine Southdown sheen to Mr. Hughes Atkinson,of Mt. Sterling, for $100; three head)to Hunter Bros., of Blue LickLick Springs, for $100 and twd headfor $70 to Charles E. Duff, of Mt.Sterling.HAIL INSURANCE.Hall insurance on tobaccoThomas, Woodford & Bryan.june24-tf)LITTLEJOHN'SUNITED SHOWS"Different From the Rest"WILL EXHIBIT AT THE CITY LOT.PARIS, KY.One Week, CommencingN0INDAY.AUG.ilAuspices of A. J. Lovely Co., No. 34,Uniform Rank, K. of P.aIIThe Show that Stands ALONE as theCLEANEST, MOST MORAL and REFINEDThe News Job Department is Always Busy."There's a Reason." Work Done Right!SiPAIST COHEN'SCLEARANCE SALE!Creating remarkable enthusiasm because of the greatvalue-giving. This sale offer to our patrons a remarkableopportunity to prepare against inevitable high prices.Get your share of these wonderful bargains for futureas well as present needs.$5.00 Oxfords and Pumps $3.95Ladies' dark, tan, black, patent kid, whitecolonial Oxfords and Pumps, Louis heel.$6.00 Oxfords $4.45Ladies, Satin and Grey Oxfords, Louis andCuban heel, custom made.$4.00 Shoes, Oxfords and Pumps $2.95Ladies' White Canvas Boots, Oxfords andPumps, also Black Kid Pumps, Louis andlow English heel. All sizes.$3.50 Oxfords and Pumps $2 49Ladies' White Canvas Oxfords and Pumps,also Black Kid. " High and low heel.$3.00 White Canvas Pumps $1.95Ladies' White Canvas Pumps, Cuban andhigh heel, also Black Kid.$5.00 Men's Oxfords $3.95Men's Pat. Kid and Russ. Tan Eng. Oxfords.$7.00 Men's Tan Oxfords $5.95Men's Mahogany Tan English and Broad ToeOxfords, Walk-Over and other famous makes.$4.50 Men's Shoes and Oxfords $2.99Men's Gun Metal Oxfords and Shoes, welts.$3.50 Boys' Gun Metal and Tan LaceOxfords, welts $2.49$2.50 Boys Gun Lace Shoes at $ 1 .70S4.00 Misses' Tan Eng. Oxfords. . ..$2.99Misses' Canvas Shoes and Slippers. .$1 -4-9Children's Canv. and Pat. Kid Pumps ..99cBarefoot Sandals at85cSubstantial Reductions in AH Othej highGrade Shoes and Oxfords,No Charges or ApprovalsDuring This Sale.Women's Gun Metal and PatentKid Oxfords and PumpsCuban and low heels, mostly small sizes,$3.00, $4.00 and $5.00 values .Women's Canvas OxfordsTrimmed rubber sole, low heel, all sizes,$2.00 values, at .'.$12$1241DAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy Reign)Jr - -4