-TTTTTTT-SiVC-44Js,- V , v. - t. . - .? - - .V:V,V2 Jt ? -". U . -..- 'ntiat- fv;-I - fl,J?tA. -', -TfyZK,-ifc-THE BOURBON1v.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.SA VIVOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 2, 1919.? NEWS-irC-PfrWAWPC A "Km cnrVBira-ne iBUSY CHEISTMAS EVEChristmas Eve, pnade famous inthe immortal poem as being the time"when everything was still, and nota thing about the house stirred,"-as one of the busiest days of theyear in this city for the shoppersand the merchants. There was anunusually large crowd in the city,and the merchants were kept busyfrom early jmorning until late in thenight.Tired shoppers with their unmailed packages and exhausted clerksheaved sighs, the former of dismay,and ihe latter of thanksgiving, whenthe stores and postofflce closed forthe day.' The business at the Parispostoffice exceeded that of any previous year in its history. Fromearly morning until late in the evening the floor space was occupied bythe crowds of parcel-mailers, wives,mothers, sisters, fathers, brothers,sweethearts, just ordinary kin andfriends, all energetically trying toget their parcels taken care of first.Inside the office was stacked high-with parcels awaiting shipment andthose waiting delivery. The pressthroughout the day was "somethingfierce, but in spite of it all the shoppers and the clerks were in goodbumor and there was little evidenceof peevishness anywhere.The night closed down with thekiddies hard to get to bed, as most ofthem seemed to be possessed of a desire to remain awake. Tired salesmen and salesladies, though, wereglad the rush was over, and gavesincere thanks that "Christmascomes but once a year."At the Y. M. C. A. the thirty-twomen who have homes in the building were entertained with a Christmas tree. Gifts bung on the tree forman were presented by a regulationup-to-date Santa Claus, and everybody had a good time.oCANT PTKD SERVICE MENNearly one-third of the formerservice men who were insured bythe Bureau of War Risk Insurancecannot be reached by mail at theirold home addresses, as shown byletters returned to the Bureau asundeliverable. This fact shows thestate of transaction following demobilization -of our forces. Theproblem confronting the Bureau isto find these men and bring home totaem the Importance of insurancereinstatement, as many soldiers upon discharge from the service, dropped their insurance.oThe minute man says he wasteshours when he heeds his wife's"Wait a minute! 'FRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSA Prosperous andHappy New Year !TO OUR FRIENDS. OLD ANDNEW: -WE HEARTILY THANKYOU FOR THE GOOD WILL YOUHAVE SHOWN US, AND EXTENDOUR MOST CORDIAL GREETINGSAND BEST WISHES FOR YOURPEACE, PROSPEBITY AND HAPPINESS IN THE COMING YEAR. .-FRANK & CO.LADIES'ROUKBON MAN RESIGNS PLACEAS DIRECTOR.At the recent meeting of theKentucky Jockey Club, held in thePaul Jones building, in Louisville.Mr. Catesby Woodford, of Paris, ten- jaerea nis resignation as a member ofthe Board of Directors. George J.Long, of Louisville, a prominenthoresman, and owner of the famousBashford's resignation.Col. Robert L. Baker tendered hisresignation as resident manager ofthe Lexington track under the jurisdiction of the Jockey Club. TheClub declared two dividends, one ofthree and one-half per cent, on thepreferred stosk, and a semi-annualdividend of five per cent, on thecommon stock. Other importantbusiness matters were given attention. The members of the Boaid of Directors present at the meeting were:Maurice Galvin, Johnson -N. Camden, J. B. Brown, Henning. Chambers, Matt Winn, A. T. Hert, R. W.Bingham, Chas. F. Grainger andPatrick Hanlon.APPEAL TO PUBLISHERSCONSERVE PAPER.TOAn appeal to the publishers ofthe country to exercise all possibleeconomy in the use of news printpaper has issued at Washington, Wednesday, by the House Postoffice Committee, which decided todefer, for six months action on theAnthony bill proposing that dailynewspapers containing more thantwenty-four pages be denied the second class mailing privileges.Voluntary co-operation of publishers would obviate the necessity forrepressive governmental action,said the committee statement, whichwas prepared by Chairman S teenerson. Members of the committee saidthat if the publishers carried out thevoluntary conservation plan, further action on the Anthony bill tolimit the size of newspapers and periodicals using the second class mailprivilege would be postponed for thepresent at least.oINSURANCE MEN SEND "NOSMOKING" SIGNS.Thousands of "No Smoking" signsare being sent out by N. O. Gray,of Frankfort, Superintendent ofFire Insurance Rates, to insuranceagents for distribution. Theschedule for rating industrial 'risksmake, a charge for the absence ofsuch signs, and in many cases,property awners. would be entitledto a reduction in rate if they wereinstalled.PREPARE WHILE YOU CAN ; COLDWEATHER COMING.Our car-load of stoves and heatershave arrived. Buy now. Have themput up while you can.(28-tf) A .F. WHEELER & CO.fOUTFITTERS.AUTO TURNS TURTLE; BOURBONPEOPLE OCCUPANTSAn automobile in which FrankSparks, of Paris, and Miss Williams,of Louisville, were riding, waswrecked near Carlisle, when Mr.Sparks, .who was driving, lost control of the machine. . The car swerved across the road,, and went upagainst a bridge, turning on its sideagainst a wire fence, which kentthe occupants from going down asix-foot embankment. ' The accident occurred near the residence ofMr. S. A. Ratkiff.Mr. Sparks lost control of the machine, when something went. wrongwith the steering gear. The occupants of the machine probably owetheir lives to the fact that when thecar turned on its side it' caught in awire fence alongside the road, whichheld it and kept, it from . pinioningthem beneath it. With the exception of being shaken up and badlyfrightened, the occupants of the carwere uninjured. Miss Williams,whose home is in Louisville,' hadbeen visiting relatives in Carlisle.The car was completely demolished.oAMUSEMENT FIRM RAISES CAPITAL STOCK $600,000.Capital stock of the PhoenixAmusement Company, operators ofthe Strand Motion Picture Company of Lexington and the ParisGrand Opera House and The AlamoTheatre in this city, was increasedfrom $200,000 to $600,000 and thelimit of indebtedness from $100,000to $1,000,000 by amended articlesof incorporation filed with theCounty Clerk.Increase of capital and limit ofindebtedness is the first move of thecompany to acquire motion picturehouses in Blue Grass cities in the vicinity of Lexington. John B. Elliott, president of the company, said.The Capitol Theatre, at Frankfort,was taken over by the company several 'weeks ago, and is now beingrenovated.That the Phoenix AmusementCompany had already acquired theownership of other theatres in Lexington was denied by Mr. Elliott, although he admitted such a move wasa possibility. ,The amended articlessigned by John'B4. Ellioof the company, and the followingdirectors: George S. Weeks, HarryS. Brower, L. A. Michler, Fred G.Stilz, B. J. Treacy and A. H. Ward.oFUHTEENTH DECENNIAL CENSUS OF THE UNITED STATESThe enumeration of the population during a census of the UnitedStates always, presents numerousdifficulties, among them the apprehension on the part of the people,particularly those of foreign birthor extraction, that their answers tothe enumerators questions willcause increased taxation, legal entanglements, or other consequencesinjurious to their welfare. In orderto quiet such unfounded fears andat the same time acquaint all persons with the main questions included in the census schedules thisstatement has been prepared.It is, therefore, earnestly hopedthat clergymen, editors, schoolteachers, employers, agriculturalagents, and other public-spirited citizens, who come in contact withlarge numbers of people will graspevery opportunity to correct any erroneous opinions about the censuswhich they may hear. It is no lessearnestly hoped that all public-spiritedcitizens will aid the Governmentin the gigantic task of taking the1920 census by making fequent useof the Information set forth in thisnotice to impress people with thegreat importance of the coming census and to urge them to prepare forthe coming of the census enumerator so that correct and completeanswers may be given.SAM L. ROGERS,Director of the Census.CENSUSTAKERS TOSTRUCTED.BE IN-Census enumerators who will takethe Fourteenth Decennial Censusfor Bourbon county will be givenoral instruction in 'their wark byCensus Supervisor .Jos. W. Morris,and Chief Clerk Sapn Dailey, beginning to-day and continuing untilthe census starts.Notices have been sent to theenumerators giving the time andplace for instruction. All enumerators are requested by1 SupervisorMorris to attend these .classes, asthe instructions they will receiveare essential to the proper dischargeof their duties.oAUTO ACCIDENT.While backing his auto out of theyard gate at his home in East Paris,Wednesday, Douglas Clay collidedwith a machine driven by EdwardBurke. The maeumes veiu ob"";injured, but the occupants escaped.REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSThrough the real estate agency ofHarris & Sneakes. of Paris. J. W. JAllen sold to Mrs. Phoebe A. McClanahan, his home on Cypressstreet, for $4,150.' -----!Dr. James A. Orr, of Paris, purchased of Mrs. Ed. B. Hedges, herhome on Stoner avenue, Tuesday,for the reported price of $5,600. Dr.Orr will move to the property.Harris & Speakes, real estatedealers, sold Tuesday for Mrs. Wm.Ballard, her cottage, located at the icorner of Boone and High streets,to W. D. Snapp, of Paris, for $3,000.Henry S. Caywood, of the NorthMiddletown vicinity, sold iiis farm,located on the Levy pike, and knownas the Davis place, to Daniels &Crouch, for the reported price of$300 an acre. The sale netted morethan $100,000.Through the Paris Realty Co.,Martin Webster, colored, sold to thecolored Zion Baptist church, a lot onWest Seventh street, opposite theWestern High School, for $1,000.Several small houses on the prop -erty will De moved and a newchurch building erected on the lotby the congregation of the Zionchurch.Chas. Kuster sold this week to aBourbon county buyer, not named,140 acres of land, located on the Escondida pike, near Escondida, for aprivate price. Mr. Kuster recentlypurchased the' farm from Wade H.Whitley, attorney representing theFord heirs, and sold it for a profit ofover $1,000. T Possession will 'begiven on March 1, 1920.i: o"PARLOR, BEDROOM AND BOTH"One of the conspicuous dramaticsuccesses of last season will be seenat the Grand Opera House, Monday,December 29, when "Parlor, Bedroom and Bath" will be presentedfiled wjare jjor one performance, direct from itstfTPiifp'n,enonienalrun" attfie Republic'Theatre, New York City. "Parlor,Bedroom and Bath" is said to havescored more laughs than any othercomedy on the boards last year. Itis certainly one of the very fewplays that survived the swelteringNew York heat, and ran well intothe summer. The play is the workof tf W. Bell and Mark Swan andis described as a farce frolic in threeacts. Its unusual plot deals withthe adventures of an unsophisticated young benedict who is compelledto play the role of a Don Juan in order to satisfy the romantic cravingsof his too sentimental wife. His reluctant ventures in the domain ofamorous experience bring upon hishead a series of unexpected troublemost of them women but providethe audience with a play that theNew York Tribune' enthusiasticallydeclared had "more fizz than 'TwinBeds' and 'Fair and Warmer "The play will be interpreted by anotable cast of performers, everymember having been personallyselected.SPECIAL TEACHERS' MEETINGA special teachers' meeting willbe held at the Paris City School onFriday, December 26, at 3:15 p. m.All city teachers and members of theCity Board of Education are kindlyrequested to be present.LEE KIRKPATRICK, Supt.LIBERTY BONDS FOR A HOME.Down in Fulton, Ky., there is areal estate concern that has thepsychology of the thing. In advertisements that persist in the Fulton !Daily Leader this real estate manoffers to take Liberty Bonds at theirface value for certain real estatethat he is seeking to dispose of.Good business. But he is not a philanthropist. Those Liberty Bondswill be worth above par in a shorttime, whether the realty in questionever increases a penny in -value.And yet Liberty. Bonds, when usedto purchase a home, are being putto no ignoble use.CANADA HOLDS UP PAPER SHIPMENT, TO U: S.Seven carloads, of newsprint paper .consigned to American .publishers .from the mills df thevFort Frances!Pulp & Paper Company, ,at Ottawa, jCanada, were stopped in transit byorder of Robert A. Pringle, paper jcontroller. Mr. Pringle ' explained .that all export shipments from thecompany .would be stopped until ithad complied with his orders to fur- Jnish paper to Western Canada pub-'lisher who, he has been told, willbe "forced to suspend publication unless a' supply is forthcoming beforethe end of the week. ,RED CROSS SEAL CAMPAIGN ISENDED.The following new names haveadded to the list of those Tvho havepurchased Red Cross Christmas SealBonds, and their names have beenplaced on the Roll of Honor of theorganization: Catesby Spears,Frank P. Kiser, A. B. Hancock, Jas.Duncan Bell, Sam Clay, ClarenceThomas, Mrs. Albert Hinton, Chas.A. Webber, Jos. W. Davis, Wm. B.Ardery, James McClure, Farmersand Traders Bank, Bourbon AgriculturaKBank, pupils of Mrs. BirdieClay Webb's school, Roy F. Clendenin. .The campaign, which had been inprogress in this city and county forseveral days past, closed Wednesday,with the reports submitted by thevarious workers. Although the fullquota, $1,700, assigned to Bourboncounty, was not quite reached, Mrs.Duncan Bell, Chairman, and theworkers in charge of the drive, expressed themselves as satisfied withthe result, as the amount raisedwas greater than in any previousdrive or sale of the little stickers.Health Bonds were nresented to! those whose purchase of the sealsamounted to $100 or more. A partial list of- those who went on theRoll of Honor was published in THENEWS some time ago.The campaign in theinterest of. - the Red Cross Seals had not pro.gressed as rapidly as had been anticipated. This is to be greatly regretted, as the cause was a mostworthy one, that of relieving suffering and destitution.IMPORTANT DATES, MONDAY,DEC. 29, TUESDAY, DEC. 30.I shall be in the Paris HighSchool building, from 9:00 to 11:00a. hi., on Monday, December 29, andTuesday, December 30, to see parents interested in kindergartenwork. Arrangements are being madenow to take twenty-five childreninto the first group. We hope thisgroup can get to work the first ofJanuary. Iast year we took twelveintr fhk first crnim hnt this season,we hope to be able to take care ofdouble that number. No applicationsent by some one else will be considered. You (must come in person.LEE KIRKPATK1UK, SUpt. jOSLIGHT INCREASE IN RATES,Beginning with the New Year, Jan-j now ready to serve the public withnary 1, 1920. the ward rates at the Quality anm Service Gasol ine andMassie Memorial Hospital will berosene. Your order will be ap$1.50 per day, instead of $1.00, as NIMROD CRUMP. Agent,as heretofore. (26-3t) -q0 phones 503. (16-lmo)WE KNOW HOWOur success of the past is largelydue to the kind co-operation of ourfriends. Our appreciation is deepand our warmest thanks go out toyou, coupled with the hope that youwill Teceive full measure of the joysof Christmas and happiness andprosperity for the New Year.rnMBHHHHHH- tf. -.&"v-4f &MITCHELL kH. C. OF L. COMMMBOirDAILY BULLETIN.The officers of the Higk Coat ofLiving Commission, which, has -recentlybeen taken over by and reorganized, under the direction of thDepartment of Justice, have been atwork getting information from otaercities in conjunction with similarCommissions in adjoining States soas 'to learn and adopt the best method of procedure.It is the intention of the Commission to issue a Daily Bulletin, showing the scope of its investigatiomand the information received botkfrom our State and points in adjoining States as to the prevailing,prices on food and clothing. It haslikewise been determined by theCommission that instead of makingthe attempt 'f o regulate all kinds ofprices on every commodity, a policy will be followed by selectingten staples in groceries, five inmeats, and an equal number inclothing, as well as a few staples inshoes, and establishing fair priceson these articles, which prices are tobe based on the actual cost of thematerials and not to be calculatedon any replacement basis; in other1 words, the commission is going tocenter its attention for the presenton a few essentials of life, ratherthan the so-called luxuries.With this information in hand,the facts are to be presented to theFair Price Committee, the Chairman of which will be appointed ina few days, which Committee wasformed and selected in accordancewith specific instructions from theAttorney General in Washington,and with the confirmation of theseprices, District Attorneys Slattery,of Covington, and Gregory, of Louisville, assure us they will be able toprosecute successfully, under the extension of the Lever Act, anyonecharging prices in excess of theefigures. Instead of relying uponthe mails, the Commission is sending two of its members to get selling prices on these staples in adjoining States, and its investigators areactively at work procuring necessary!U pertaining to local selling,prices.' .BEST GASOLINE AND XE10SENEYOUR ORDER SOLICITEDThe Western Petroleum Co. is3t"t1BLAKEMOREIi?-.,uninjured, - t j, " , 4 y "i'7rT ".'i-'!'.. VPAGE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYyRIDAT, SKCIKMK IV, IWIt11IIttu1tI rFrrHIE BOURBON NEWStaidished 188137 Yean of Cotinnons Publicationibliibed Ereiy Tuetday aid FridayYar..$2.00 Months.. U-00Payable In Adaramc.fWHT CHAMP. Editor and Owner.Otettrtd' at ;tht Farlif Kmtacky,ec5ottofflc mMjl11 Matter of theMomdlaM.) -" ' 'A-nv Mmnmni refl Action moon theifearaoter, tlanding or reputation otamy person, nrm or corpontura wouaay appear in the -column o THEUHBON NEWS will be 'gladly1 'corrected if brought to attention of the-.OUR EOBEICT REPEESESTATIVES. JTew York American Press Association. fhicao Lord & Thomas.Philadelphia N. WAyers & Son.Atlanta Mastengale Adv. , Agency;Cineinnati Blame-Thompson" Co.lonisTille Stark-Xowman Co.ADVERTISING RATESIHiplay Advertisements, $1.00 pertack for first time; 50 cents per incheaoh 'subsequent insertion.i Reading Notices, 10 cents per linesack issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue... Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertise.sieats and yearly contracts." The right of publisher is reseivedto decline any advertisement or otheraaatter for publication.Announcements for political officestost Invariably be accompanied byhe cash.BOURBON FARMING CONDITIONSWith the closing of the local tobacco markets the " farmers are nowtaking a rest in anticipation of theannual Christmas festivities, which,ch the farm, still have a great significance. They are contentingthemselves with feeding of stock'and as little actual work as reallytfecessary about the farm.X-The wheat and rye crops are reported as being in first class condition. The light snows that fell last-Keek had served to protect themfrom the severe cold. Marketing of'country produce is occupying theattention of the farmers, wives, sisters and aunts. There is a large"supply and the demand good. LastSaturday dealers paid forty to fortyfive cents per pound for dressed turkeys, 55 to 60 cents per dozen foreggs, and 50 to 35 cents per poundfor dressed chickens. Cream declin-ed two cents per pound and is now'selling at 68 cents. There has beenj&ome difficulty in getting a sufficient'supply of butter and milk for theneeds of restaurants and hotels,though, all things considered, theseplaces have been very fortunate.oYEAR BOOK OF WAR MOTHERS. BEING PREPAREDThe first year book of the Kentucky War Mothers is now beingrprepared. and will be an historicaldocument unsurpassed in value asan account of the part taken by'Kentuckians in the war. It will con'tain a list of all men and women ofthe State in the service, the capacityMn which they served, and their3 achievements. Photographs of Mafjor General J. Franklin Bell, nowHead, General George B. Duncan,i Admiral Hugh Rodman, AdmiralJoseph Strauss, General Prank Winn'and other Kentuckians who took a'prominent part in the struggle, willbe included.Mrs. Reuben Hutchcraft, of Paris,Urst Kentucky War Mother, ischairman of the year book committee, and is being enthusiasticallysupported by all members. Mrs. Foster, now head of the organization inthis State, brings valuable experience to the work, having been historian of the Colonial Dames in theState of Washington, besides doingmuch similar work for the D. A. R.REINSTATE NOW!Under a special ruling issued recently by the Bureau of War Risk Insurance. Washington, D. C, all former soldiers, sailors and marineswhose Government insurance haslapsed or been canceled may haveuntil December 31, 1919, withinwhich to reinstate, their insurance,by paying only two months' premiums on the amount of insurancethey wish to reinstate.The only other condition imposedis that the insured shall now be inas good health as he was when discharged from the service, or as hewas when the grace period of hisInsurance expired (whichever is thelater date), and shall so state in hisapplication. "Immediate advantage of this liberal provision should be taken bythose interested. In the matter ofsecuring life insurance protection,he who acts quickly acts wisely. Notime as good as now.Make the check or money orderpayable to the Treasurer of theUnited States and mail it, with yourapplication for reinstatement, toPremium Receipt Section, Bureau ofWar Risk I nsurance, Washington,D. C.oThe people who use rheir religionas a cloak gene j ally discovered thaiit is a misfit.If you want a speaking likeness,when you 'go to the photographer'sremember that money talks.TEN KENTUCKY CROPS.YIELD-3 $3000,000,000.ITen staple -Hirops- produced inKentucky m 191$ are yalued atmore 'than $3b,b,00u,,000;";acbraingto figures obtained from the Department of Agriculture. " .Corn leads the list with a yield ofmore than 82,500,000 -bushels valued at more than $127,000,0p0. The.tobacco crop is estimated at 44T,00a,000Hpoundsr",valued on the basisof the market price-Dec. 1, at $88,200,000. Estimated values of the ten cropsfollow:Corn, 82,500,00T) bushels, $127,875,000. Tobacco, 441,000,000 pounds,$88,200,000.Timothy hay, 1,561,000 tons, $39,649,000. Wheat, 12,029,000 bushels, $25,S81,000. Potatoes, 5,040,000 bushels, $107584,000. --Oats, 9,900,000 bushels, $9,009,G00. Sorghum syrup, 2,542,000 gallons,$2,688,000.Sweet potatoes, 1,680,000 bushels,$2,688,000.Clover seed, 38,000 bushels, $1,129,000. Barley, 100,000 bushels, $157,000. o fA NICE' CONCESSION.sAt the lecent meeting of- theBoard of Directors of the ExecutiveBoard of the Odd Fellows Home atLexington, Mayor E.'B. January, amember of the Board, presented acheck from the Tattersall's TobaccoWarehouse Co., of Lexington, for$129.54.A crop of tobacco raised by theboys of the Home, on a plot of fiveacres near the Home, when sold onthe Lexington market for a total of$4,116.75. The warehouse peoplededucted their commission but uponrepresentation made by Mayor January to the effect that the Homeneeded the whole amount, promptlyrefunded it, in the shape of theirrebate check for the amount. Theyadded in a statement to the Directors that if they sold the tobaccoproduced on the farm in the futurethey would make no charge forwarehouse or selling fees.o-B-4 FIREInsure with .W.O.HINTON &SON,AgtsoGEORGETOWN STORE EIRE LAIDTO BOYS DELAY.Fire, originating in the basementof the new Prillman 5 and 10 centstore in Georgetown Manday nightwhile the store was crowded withshoppers caused a total loss of themerchandise "and gutted the millinery shop of Mrs. Elizabeth Hinesand the dental office of Dr. J. R.Owens, both on the second floor.Delay of a boy, who became excited when Manager Russell, discovering excelsior burning in a barrel,sent him after a bucket of water,gave the flames opportunity tospread. ,The store was opened two weeksago. Loss is placed at $5,000.! oFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanNEW BOARD OF CONTROL TAKESHOLD.All the members of the new StateBouid of Control arrived in Frankfort shortly before noon Wednesdayand went into conference with Governor Morrow before taking the oathof office.Those present were: Dr. W. A.Ganfield, president of Center College, Danville; E. W. Hines, of Louisville, chairman of the Council ofNational Defense; Fred M. Sackett,of Louisville, State Food Administrator; Claience U. McElroy, attorney of Bowling Green, and Mrs.'Lafon Riker, of Harrodsburg, president of the Federated Woman'sClubs.Mr. McElroy resigned because otill health, and Gov. Morrow duringthe week will appoint eithei Dr. Geo.P. Spiague, of Lexington, or Mrs.Alice Hegan Rice, of Louisville, inMr. McElroy's stead.DE SOTA.The average American has cometo regard the early Spanish exploreis as a group of cruel and worthless conquerers of Indians, but oneof this early band stands out as ihehighest type of chivalry that hiscountry has produced. The caieerof De Sota and the love tale of DeSota and Isabella are bright spots inthe otherwise dark pages of earlySpanish exploration in the NewWorld." De Sota, born of a noblebut impoverished family, sought hisfortune m the New World. He wasthe handsomest and kindest of Spanish nobles and denounced the crueltyto the Incas although he took ashare of their spoils. Returning toSpain he married his boyhoodsweetheart, Isabella, and this newFerdinand and Isabella became themost popular couple of Spain. Intwo years time De Sota, leading thenoblest train of adventures ever assembled, set forth for new adventures in America. But he was doomed to disappointment, and after terrible sufferings, died and was buriedin the waters of the Mississippi. Isabella, his wife, mourned herself todeath upon hearing "Of the fata ofher husband.Flying machines and scandals aremuch more easily, started-than stopped. - 'W- A-$N -T-E -"Beech, Sycamore Maple,Oak and Walnut lags.If you have' any to sell write toC. C. MENGEL BRO. CO.I JLou&rill Kentucky(-dec26--4t-F)For RentNice flat of five rooms at No. 918Main street. Apply to(9-tf) MRS. MARIA LYONS.For SaleA first-class 60-inR'oll Top officedesk. A .bargain.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.(19-tf)Auto Repair ShopTires and Tubes repaired. Retreading. Ajax and Diamond Tires.H. J. GROSCHE,Eighth and High Sts.dec2-6mo) Cumb. Phone 891.Notice to StockholdersThe stockholders of the BourbonAgricultural Bank & Trust Co., ofParis, Kentucky, will meet at theirbankin ghouse on Monday, January1, 1920, between the hours of 9 a.m. and 3 p. m., to elect eleven directois for the ensuing year.J. T. COLLINS, President.BUCKNER WOODFORD, Cashier.(2-td)Notice to StockholdersThe stockholders of the Farmersand Traders' Bank, of Paris, Kentucky, will meet at their bankinghouse on Monday, January 1, 1920,between the hours of 9 a. m. and 3p. m., to elect directors for the ensuing year.FRANK P. KISER, President.W. W. MITCHELL, Cashier.(2-td)Notice to StockholdersThe stockholders of the .First National Bank, ' of Paris, Kentucky,will meet at their banking house onTuesday, January 13, 1920, between the 'hours' of 9 a. m.rand 3 jp.m., to elect directors jfor the ensuing -year.W. W. HALEY, President.(9-td)Notice to StockholdersThe stockholders of the Depositand Peoples Bank, of Paris, Kentucky, will meet at their bankinghonse on Monday, January 1, 1920,between the hours ofv9 a. m. and 3p. m., to elect directors for the ensuing year.SILAS E. BEDFORD, President.C. K. THOMAS, Cashier.For Sale!150-acre farm, 100 acres tobaccoland, good 7-room brick house, newtobacco barn, 2 other barns, canhouse 14 acres; cabin, scales, newwire fencing, ever-lasting water,immediate possession, land lays Jjoodon pike, and 140 acres in grass; 10.miles of Winchester, 6 miles of Mt.Sterling Long-McEldowney farm.SCOTT & ADCOCKExclusive AgentsWinchester, Kentucky(19-4t)TOBACCO FARMSFOR SALENo. 1No. 2No. 3No. 416 a. , 8 a. tob. barn, 840 a., 9 a. tob. barn, 448 a., 5 a. tob. barn, 658 a., 4 a. tob. barn, 6i No. 566 a., 8 a. tob. barn, 7No. 675 a., 6 a. tob. barn, 7No. 776 a., 6 a. tob. barn, 6No. 8100 a.-, 5 a. tob. barn, 5No. 9120 a., 7 a. tob. barn, 7No. It) 13 a., 5 a. tob. barn,No. 11150 a., 18 a. tob. barn,No, 12160 a,, 9 a. tob. barn, 7 room house 225.00 per acreNo. 13180 a,, 5 a. tob. barn, 6 room house. .".. 340,00 per acreNo. 14226 a,, 20 a. tob. barn, 6 room house 400,00 per acreNo, 15235 a., 8 a. tob. barn, 8 room house. . . . 275.00 per acreNo. 16-250 a., 12 a. tob, barn, 9 room house, . . . 380.00 per acreNo, 17250 a., 10 a. tob. barn, 8 room house 300.00 per acreNo, 18300 a.. 14 a. tob. barn 8 room house 325.00 per acreNo. 19330 a., 15 a, tob. Jn, -6 room house 325,00 per acreAll of the above farms are in Bourbon county andare good buys. We have many others. Call, write orwire lor date.B. T. BISHOP, Aentndeemf) . -- $ :j JFlML'&LSgaiNotice of Election!NoticeBoard ofis hereby given that theCouncil of the sCity ofParis has ordered an election' to beheld in the City of Paris onSaturday, Dec. 27, 1919,for the purpose of taking the senseof the qualified electors of the CityofJParis on the question of issuingbonds of the City of Paris to theaniount of Thirty-five Thousand Dollars ($35,000.00), for the purpose ofcompleting aud equipping the CitySchool for white children and theCity School for colored children.The amount of money necessaryto be raised annually by taxationto pay 'the interest and to pay offsaid bonds as 'they mature, is:1920 13,500.00'1921 '. . .. 3,412.501922 3,325.,001923 .- 3,237.501924 ' '3,150.001925 3,062.501926 2,975.001927 . .. 2,887.501928 .-. .. 2,800.001929 2,712.501930 2,625.001931 2,537.501932.. 2,450.001933 2,362.501934 2,275.001935 2,187.501936 2,100.001937 2,012.501938 1,925.001939 '. . .. 1,862.50Said election will be held at theregular voting places in the City ofParis between the hours of 7 o'clocka. m. and 4 o'clock p. m., on saiddate and will be viva voce.A special registration will be heldat the different voting places in theCity of Paris on Saturday, December 20, 1919, between the hours of 6o'clock a. m.,and 9 o'clock p. m. forthe purpose of permitting all persons to register who are entitled tolegister and who are not alreadyregistered.J. W. HAYDEN,City Clerk of Paris.(dec-4wksiMaster's SaleRoberts Bros., PlaintiffVs. Notice of Sale.John Kenton DefendantUnder and by virtue of a judgment and order of sale rendered atthe November term, 1919, of theBourbon Circuit Court in the abovestyled action therein pending, theundersigned Master Commissionerwill, onMonday, Dec. .29, 1919at the front door of the Court Housein Paris, Kentucky, at about tnehour of 11 o'clock a. m., sell at public auction to the highest and bestbidderOne Ford Automobile,senger Touring Car Type.Five-Pas-Said sale will be made upon acredit of four months, the purchaserbeing required to execute bond withgood and approved surety for thepurchase price, due four month3from, date of sale and bearing interest at the rate of six per cent, perannum from date of sa until paid,and having the force and effect of ajudgment.Immediate delivery will be madeupon the execution of the abovementioned bond.Said sale is made for the purposeof satisfying plaintiff's judgment inthe sum of $235.05, with six percent, interest from November 26,1919, until paid, and the costs ofthis action, estimated as" of the dateof sale at $75.00.O. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner.(decl2-19-26)room house 9,500room house $325.00 per acreroom house 300.00 per acreroom house 350.00 per acreroom house 300.00 per acreroom house 300.00 per acreroom house 360.00 per acreroom house 360.00 per acreroom house 450.00 per acre6 room house 300.00 per acre7 room houses. . . 325.00 per acre!Xi.."rW' ir) lSHUBERT"Shubert" Wants Kentucky FursAll Yon Cjan $hipAnd WW Pay These ExtremelyHich Prices(GET A SHIPMENT OFF-TODAYN2I EXTRA LARGEEXTRA TO AERAGEN?I LARGEEXTRA TO AVERAGEMUSKRATWinterFall425 to 3.753i0 13.003.50 If 3.002.80 fo 2.40MSMK.Fine, DarkUsual ColorPale15.00tol2.00ll.OOto 9.008.50to 7.0011.00 to 9.008.50 tt 7.006.75 to 5.75RACCOONBlackHeavyFurredOrdinary15.00tol2.0010.00M.508.00to-7.0011.00 to 9.00.00 tt 7.006.50 ti 5.50These extremely high prices are based on the jvell-known "SHUBERT Miberalgrading and are quoted for immediate shipment No. 3, Nof4, and otherwiseinferior skins at highest market value. For quotations on other KentuckyFurs; write for "e fcipdifrt ,&fflpftr" the only reliable and accurate1 marketreport and price- list 'of its kind' published! It'?FRE&-Write for it.' "A shipment to "SHUBERT" willresult-teffiiioremoney9'.qniQcer'9&t. ' rgnlr ALL. YOUR .FURS DIRECT ..TO.A. B vSHUB ElfcTVTHElffiESZHflUSE (NfHEWRLD CmiNG EXCLUSIVELY INAMEBIC A N RAW FURS??-27WtV?sttin Aye. Dept C$gfd$fe.-p.A.tt.1920Now in stock andready to demonstrate. New shipment just arrived.Better get yoursquick.Lot of first-classsecond hand carsfor sale at bargainsif moved at once.We need room fornew cars.Make Date forDemonstrationC. S. BALL GARAGECor- Fourth andSend That Next JobBourbon News. BestjW,Sfc-4 iN?l MEDIUMEXTRA TO AVERAGE,N?l SMALLEXTRA TO -AVERAGE- N9 2A3T0 51IE 9QJAUTYm2.75 to 2.502.301a 1.80.Z25.lt 2J0 1.75 It 1251.19 to 139 1.50 it 1.008.50 tt 7.006.50 tt 5.255.00 tt .4.006.00 tt 525 ,6.Q0 1 4.005.00 tt 4.00 5,00 tt 3.003i0tt3.0a 3.50 la 2.508.00 tt 7.006.50 tt 5.504.75 tt 3.756.50 tt 5.504.50 tt 3:753.50 tt 3.006.50JMJ0450 tt 300350 It 2.50iVJn twfadeisPleasant Stof , Printing to TheWork; Right PricesfHY --t .-V"rv-ri"4"-XyRIDAT, DCllSBR U, 1S19GET READYf BOURBON , WHu PARIS, KENTUCKYditFOR FLU'Keep Your Liver Active, YourSystem Purified and Free FromColds by Taking Calotabs,the Kausealess CalomelTablets, -that are Delightful, Safehd- -i Sure.?Ryt&t&Phys-eians and Druggists are: advising tbeir friends to keep their systemspurified and their organs in perfectworking order as vC protection againstthe return of influenza. They knowthat a clogged up system and a lazyliver favor colds, influenza and seriouscomplications.To cut shoit a, cold overnight and toprevent serious complications take oneCalotab at bedtime with .a swallow ofwater that's all. No salts, jio nausea,no griping, no sickening after effects.Next morning your eold has vanished,your iiver is active, your system is purified and rcxrcbhed and you are feelingfine -ttiih a hearty appetiie for breakfast. Ect what you please no danger.Calotabs are sold only in. originalsealed prckages, price thirty-five cents.Every druggist is authorized to refundyour noney if you are not perfectlydelighted with Calotabs. (Adv.)THINGS TO WORBY ABOUTCENSUS ENUMERATOBSBOUBBOH COUNTY.?0RSome years ago the poet declared"Life iB a sheet of paper white ""We are induced to believe it morethan ever, as the cost of both thesevery necessary things is well nighprohibitive. And the line quoteedis most literally true when appliedto a newspaper.mtmHmmwwmmmmwwWe Want to Thank theGood PeopleOF FABJS ABB BOURBON COUNTY FOB THEIR GENEROUS PATRONAGE BUSING THE PASTYEAR, ANB WISH THEM MUCHHAPPINESS ANB PROSPERITYBUSING THE COMING YEAR.Joseph W. Morris, Census Supervisor for the Seventh Kentucky District, with headquarters at Lexington, on Saturday made public thelist of census enumerators for eachof the twelve counties comprisingthe district, who have been appointed to assist in taking the Fourteenth Decenniel Census of theUnited States, which is scheduled tostart on Friday, January 2, 1920.s Between this date and January ltiTgTh, practically all the literatureamf 'equrpmentjntended for the fieldf orcfeillbk itf the hands of the4auhatbrwho are expected tostart on thenr rounds bright andeatlyn the morning of January 2. 1AV WW. V VhVUVAUi AUDV& UArf lJLS AID jwhich will be provided each enumerator, will give in detail all the information necessary for the guidanceof the census-taker, and he or she,as the case may be, will be directedto study these instructions carefully before beginning work. Anyenumerator, of course, who does notunderstand any particular pointbrought out in tfre book of instructions, may appeal to Supervisor Morris for? further explanation. Supeervisor Morris urges all citizens! to co-operate heartily with the enumerators in their territory to theend that the census may be made asaccurate and complete as possible.The following is a complete list ofthe enumerators who will take thecensus in Bourbon county:Mrs. Maiy T. Connell, 646 Hig-gins avenue, Paris, War.d 1.Miss Sadie B. Fuller, 705 Walkeravenue, Paris, Ward 2.Miss Bess T. Purnell, 731 Henderson street, Paris, Part of Ward 2.Miss Mason Talbott, 319 Seventhstreet, Paris, Part-of Ward3.Miss Ruth S. MculmtocK, Miiiersburg, Millersburg No. 1.Miss Alice L. Grimes, Millersburg,Millersburg No. 2.C. C. Banister Route 1, NorthMiddletown. Flat Rock No. 1 and 2.Herbert T. Sledd, Route 1, NorthMiddletown, North Middletown No.1.H. C. Gaitskill, Jr., Route 1, Paris,North Middletown No. 2.Eynest H. Darnaby, Clintonville,Clintonville No. 1.Miss Orphan Scott Bell, Hutchison, Clintonville No. 2.Mrs. George Link, Hutchison,Hutchison.Dempsie C. Poe, Route 7, Paris,Centerville Nol.Jas. T. Sweeney, Box 206, Paris,Centerville No. 2.Earl Linville, Route 5, Paris, Ruddles Mills No. 2.Miss Jennie I?. Fisher, Route 5,Paris, Ruddles Mills No. 1.'SSanitary Meat MarketMARGOLENCOAL SITUATION IMPROVING 'Paris coal dealers express theopinion that the coal situation willagain be at normal stage within afew days. The situation in all themining districts is improving, aridin Harlan county the mines are operating at their full strength. Thereis said to be a -good .prospect for afull supply of coal for all ordinaryneeds or evento withstand a spell ofvery, cold weather. Governmentprices will prevail. All the old contracts which were at first abrogatedby the Fuel Administration, havebeen reinstated, and the dealers allowed to charge proportionately until these contracts are filled.oYou never can tell. The fellowwho offers to bet his bottom doUarmay not have to dig very far.mtllllllllllllMMmillWWWtlHIUHHIIIIMM'I The J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMMRSParis Ky.Mainand SixthStreetsDay phone 36Nlsht : . . 56or Home 286Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with our? Limousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only. 1aaaaa1lBaaaaaaaaBBHa5its!jalaaaaaaaBWiiliJr"rn iihhmi 11111 1 ! I 1 1 Ml MfrSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mrs. Elizabeth Beasley has returned from a visit to friends andrelatives in Maysville.H- C1ay Weathers, of Covington is a guest of relatives in Clintonville and in Pari.Miss Valette McClintock spentseveral days in Cincinnati this weekas a guest of friends, and relatives.W ePuty State Fire Marshal Ed.M, Hate, formerly of Paris, was innie cuy Wednesday on business, pertaining to the duties of his office.Mrs. J. j. McCarthy and children have returned ;from a visit toher sister, Mrs. Jos. Schwartz, inCincinnati...Edward S. Ch.ancy, formerly ofParis, now residing in Detroit, isvisiting friends and relatives in thiscity for the holidays.Mrs. Naomi Lewis has returnedto her home in Maysville after avisit of several days to Mrs. H. C.Wilson, on Pleasant street.Miss Kate Alexander has returned from a visit to Mrs. ClarenceLebus, at Hinata Farm, near Lexington. Miss Alexander will leaveafter the holidays for a trip to Florida.Miss Virginia Dundon, who isattending school at Miami University, in Miami, Ohio, is spending herholiday vacation in this city withrelatives and friends.Mrs. Charles Barnett, of Taylorsville, in Spencer county, is aguest for the holidays of her daughter, Mrs. Chas. Wilmoth, and family, on Mt. Airy avenue.Clarence Baldwin has returnedfrom Staunton Military Academy atStaunton, Virginia, to -remain during the holidays with his parents,Mr. and Mrs. Boone Baldwin,Mr. and Mrs. Gordon Stephenson, and M. Prewitt Burch, of Winchester, will spend the holidays inParis as guests of Mr. and Mrs. R.B. Locknane and Miss Janet Locknane, on Second street.Miss Sara Power, who is attending school at Science Hill Academy, in Shelbyville, will spend theChristmas holidays in Paris as aguest of her parents, Mr. and Mrs.Henry A. Power.-Mrs. James McDonald and MissSannie Hagan have returned fromRochester, Minn., where the formerhas' been a patient at the MayoBr.os.' Hospital. Mrs. McDonald underwent a successful operation, andi improving.Mrs. Charles G-. Hollmah is visiting her mother, Mrs. Alice Snapp,on Lilleston avenue. Mrs. Hollimanwas formerly Miss Gladys Snapp:Mr. Holliman arrived yesterday "tojoin his wife in, a holiday visit, after which both will go to Detroit,Mich., to reside.John Price, formerly of Paris,has arrived to spend the holidays inthis -city with his parents, Mr. andMrs. Lee Price. Mr. Price was forsome time a member of the facultyof the University of Kentucky, andof Center College, at Danville, andis now on the faculty of the University of Wisconsin.(Other Personals on Page 5)t oHEALTH OP KENTUCKY'SYOUTHS ABOVE AVERAGEeA:MlKi::?:iva14Furs, Hides. Junk, Woolt We pay the highesf maricet price for Furs, Hides, WooLSonn TWirT PiiVdrtAi Pra Mofolc ot Alan Ponltrv nnr?N Eggs. It will pay; you to trade with us.STEIrQ BROTHERSSuccessors to Munich & WideCumberland Phone 374 , Eighth St., opp. Martin Bros.Paris, KentuckyKentucky hasn't the healthiestlot of. young men in the Union, although it is considerably above theaverage of all the States in health,according to figures just given outDy,'tn'ej War Department from recordsof t&e Surgeon General's office. Thefigures concern the draft made forthe recent war.Figures of the Surgeon General'soffice show tbat 25 States showed, ahigher percentage of healthfulnessand strength among their youngmen examined under the draft reported as physically fit for militaryservice was 78.6 per cent, for 'theentire '48 States and the District ofColumbia. In Kentucky the percent was 79.3, which is better thanthe average and with New Mexicoand Missouri tied with Kentucky,Ihere were -25 States that had ahigher percentage of physically fit.Wyoming showed the highest average of physically fit with 87.2 percent. Rhode Island showed the lowest percentage with 57.6.oBIGGEST MAN IN GBEAT BRITAIN IS 8 FEET TALLX, rh - " . ' 'rf - ---'' " "y - t 'IL. "' v: lo Our CustomersMAY THE NEW YEAR EEND YOU YOUNEft ,INSPIRIT THAN YOU'VE EVER, BEEN, GROWING WHH IN-"iCREASING WISDOM INTO THE FULLEST STATURE OFMANHOOD; AND DOWERED THRONGH THE DAYS WITHAN EVER ABUNDANT PROSPERITY.A. F. WHEELER & CO.i',N"T ?:::!jti.n::-:iIKICompared with Patrick O'Connor,Albert Brough, who died a shorttime ago, and who, owing to his 7feet 7 Inches, was reported to be thetallest man in the world, was amirieraiAUAUQUV.O'Connor, who is at piesent inSouth Africa, is stated to be the biggest man on earth. Certainly, heis the tallest British subject.A veritable modern Hercules,O'Connor is almost 8 feet high, anda person 6 feet 6 inches high canwalk beneath tiis arms when outstretched ..horizontally. He has achest measurement of 55 inches andweighs 357jpounds.COUNTY JUPG5S REQUIRE BONDQF'SCHOOLJHEADSfiiiTATintendent of Public Instruction Gilbert .sent letjers to County!Judges reminding tnem or ie iwrequiring Couiity .School -Superintendents1to" glva bond for the money-ha -naKfeft throueh their hands.1 The fiscal Court fixes the bond.EDW. BURKE, President H. S. CAYWOOD, Vice-Pres. JNO. T. COLLINS, ManagerBOURBONsTobacco Warefeonse Co,(Incorporated)Tobacco Received Any Time3-Big, Light, Roomy Warehouses-3f The Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Company has sold forthe season to date 1,394,575 pounds of tobacco for$804,470.01, an average of $57.68. Every basket soldincluded a very substantial lead over the Paris market.Cf We have demonstrated our ability to sell your tobaccofor the highest dollar. We have stood by the growersin keeping down the selling fees. Won't it pay you tomake an effort to get in?j Stand by the people who have stood by you and who sellyour tobacco for its full market value.First Sale After the Holidays, Dec! 29At the Paris House. . Second sale at Bourbon No. 3on Tuesday, December 30th1 -DIRECTORSC. X. CIAY, JK.pAKES CALDWmi,A. L. STEPHENSONH. S. CAtftfOtif 'ED. BURKESAM CLAY .W. X. EOOEESC. D. WHSOHvr - . .8-.BUlMErToxBibcrJlfO. T. COUQMjfsy, . ssab , gCr "5-.-Vsy r.1iN.. -r -. 'y"'4,iIAGEFOURTHE BdWRfiOS I MWS; 'AKIS, KENTUCKY,'iJtii.uir-f!f-iri.: I,'l1(SVt tftKiisi;4ur'AI.'AII'AII'AI'AII'ATELEPHONE CO.'S CONTESTThe Southwestern TelephoneNews, a handsomely printed and profusely illustrated monthly publication, the official organ for the'American Telephone and Telegraph Companl, which goes into more than20,000 families in Missouri, Arkansas, Oklahoma, Kansas and Texas,Is conducting a great campaign forThrift.This Bell Telephone publicationhas the hearty support of its armyof employes, who have been made toTOftlize the company's interest intheir welfare. The high cost of living, which is a bugaboo of American families everywhere, is tackledin a practical way by the Bell publication. It invites short letters from, itsemployees, telling their experiencewith the high cost of living problem, and also" with experiences incombatting it. It offers a series ofprizes for the best and most helpfulletters. The first prize is $50, andthe winner will be given a $50 Victory Note. The second prize is $25,and the winner will be given theralue in War Savings Stamps. Thethird prize is $10 in War SavingsStamps and the fourth and fifth bestletters will win $5 each in War Savings Stamps. The sixth, seventh,eigth, ninth and tenth next best replies will be awarded $1 each inThrift Stamps.oTHE AINU OF JAPANDEATHS.PARKS.The funeral 'and burial of Mrs.Letha Parks, aged fifty-nine, whodied at her home in Covington, washeld in that city Wednesday. Mrs.Parks had been ill nearly" a yearfrom cancer of the stomach. Shewas a sister of Geo. M. Turner, W.E. Turner and Jesse Turner, all ofParis, and B. F. Turner, of Sharpsburg. She is survived 'by her husband and four children.FARRIS.The funeral of Kyle L. Farris,aged seventy-six, who died at thehome of his daughter, Mrs. B. W.Spencer, in Millersburg, was heldTuesday afternoon, with servicesconducted at the grave in the EwingCemetery by Rev. C. A. Van Winkle,pastor of the Millersburg Christianchurch.Mr. Farris was a native of Fleming county, and had been a residentof Millersburg but a few months.His surviving relatives are S. A.Farris, of Versailles; Mrs. G-. W.Harp, of Lexington. E. C Farris, ofMaysville; W. S. Farris, of Muncie,Ind.; O. B. Farris, of Frankfort; K.L. Farris, of Carlisle, Miss.; Mrs. W.W. Elliott, of Denver, Colo.; Mrs.B. W. Spencer, of "Millersburg.The corners of the world are filled with the remnants of ancient ,peoples who have bjUfei driven by Jsuperior races to the very ends of theearth. The Welsh, the Koreans, theAmerican Indians, have all beenCOMMUNITY CHRISTMAS TREE.driven back at one time or another .Several hundred presents weredistributed at the CommunityChristmas Tree exercises held in thecourt house Wednesday evening atthree o'clock. The benefiiciariestheir original homes. Buttfrom-nnna rf fJioca niif nf fhft "otott enr.TiPrs nf fhP. -ornrld contain a more fbriSnt faces andcurious race than the Aniu, the descendants of the original inhabitants of Japan. These people, nowiwere the less fortunate children ofonly a few thousand in number,Paris and Bourbon county, whosecheery smiles at-i tested their appreciation of theI Yuletide remembrances.j The exercises were held in theibig Circuit Court room under thei supervision of Mrs. Harriet Minaker,ty Health and Welfare League. TheCommunity Chorus, in charge ofnorthward Jarry Kerslake, rendered an especially appropriate musical program oii Christmas carols.TkA9r tfia Mmo Talntirvn trt fho Tn-nn-nese that the American Indians ' Vising Nurse of the Bourbon Coun-bear to Americans. They were theoriginal inhabitants of the countrywho have been drivenfrom time immemorial by thestronger race. To-day the Iinu inhabit the upper part of the Island ofTwo the northernmost of the fourjmam ibiauub ui cue oajiam jum- j Extra 4.sewed broom for 50pire. They are the hairiest people of j cents, atthe earth and among tne latest ad- j MRS. ELLIS' CASH GROCERY.vanced. (9-tf) Opp. Court House.-oEXTRA SPECIAL.GoodFriends!MATRIMONIAL.AA marriage license was issuedWednesday from the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton to CurrencyRitchie, 19, of Paris, and Miss Emma E. Puller, 17, of Austerlitz.Licenses authorizing them toenter the matrimonial state wereissued to the following parties,Tuesday, from the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton: Stanley McLeod, farmer, Paris, and Miss ClayDeware, Winchester; Herman H. Rayand Miss Irene Gardner, both of Lexington; Wadell Beeding, Millersburg, and Miss Pauline Whitley, ofLexington.In his private office 'in thecourt house Wednesday, Judge Geo.Batterton performed the ceremonyuniting in marriage the followingcouples: Henry Rowe, 25, and MissMary Lee Howard, 18, both of thecounty; Wjm. Smith, 28, and Mrs.Virginia Bailey, 21, both of Lexington; Jonas Soard, 18, and Miss LulaHarpe, "both of near Paris.The following announcementcards have been issued: "Mr. andMrs. Wesley O'Eanion, of Georgetown, announce the marriage oftheir adughter,' Stella Goebel to Sylvester E. Brisgy, and Claudia Elizabeth to Chester Arthur Tharpe,Wednesday afternoon, December 24,in Lexingon, Ky." The brides arenieces of Mrs. Lon Graves, of Paris.woodall Mccracken.Miss Margaret Woodall and Mr.Davis McCracken, both of Carlisle,secured license and were marriedhere Tuesday. The bride is a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J. S. Woodall, ofnear Carlisle, and for several monthshas been cashier in the Newmanbakery, in Carlisle. The groom is ason of W. C. McCracken, formerly ofCarlisle. They will reside at thegroom's home, near Miranda, inNicholas county.RYAN BISHOP.Mr. and Mrs. William E. Ryan,of Millersburg, have announced theengagement of their daughter, MissIda Mae Ryan, to Mr. Earl TuttleBishop, of Carlisle. The marriagewill be solemnized in the early partof the coming year. The bride-electis a very chaijming and accomplished musician, who is well-knownhere, where she has frequently visited. Mr. Bishop is a son of Mr.William Bishop, and is one of Carlisle's most popular young businessmen.HAT THE GATES- OF HAPPINESS OPEN WIDE TO YOU. KAYTHE NEW YEAR BRING TO YOUJOY IK HFE, UNBBOKENFRIENDSHIP AMD A MULTITUDE OFCHEERFUL MEMORIES.WE THAUX YOU FOR A MOSTSUCCESSFUL BUSINESS YEAR.Brooks &SnappWHITLEY BEEDING.The marriage of Miss PaulineWhitley, of Lexington, to Mr. Wadell Beeding, of Millersburg, wassolemnized Wednesday afternoon atfour o'clock at the home of Mrs.Harry Renick, in Lexington. Theceremony was performed by Dr. C.C. Fisher, president of MillersburgCollege.The bride has been teacher of expression at Sayre College, in Lexington, this season, and was formerlyon the faculty of the MillersburgCollege at the same time with Mrs.Barnett, the principal of Sayre College. The groom is a well-knownyoung business man of Millersburg,and a son of Mr. Thos. E. Beeding,of that city, formerly Sheriff ofBourbon county.oNOTICE TO SUBSCRIBERS.The first of the year is almosthere, a time when everyone desii'es,at least, to settle all old accounts,and start the New Year with a cleanslate. The cost of white paper hasincreased to such an extent thatTHE NEWS will be compelled todiscontinue all subscriptions inarrears. If any of our readers havefallen back, and desire to continuetaking THE NEWS, they- shouldcall and pay up their subscriptionsat once. We expect to give you abetter newspaper in 1920 than wehave given you in 1919. If youwant to keep posted on what is going on in this section, you shouldbe a regular subscriber to THEBOURBON NEWS.Quite recently THE NEWS submitted a proposition to the Chatfield& Woods Company, of Cincinnati,one of the largest paper houses inthe country, for a supply of newsprint paper at what we thought afirst-class price. In repr we received the following, which we do notthink is violating any business confiedence in publishing for the consideration of our readers:"Cincinnati, O., Dec. 22."Dear Sir: We regret very muchthat we are not in a position to accept your order for newsprint paperat eight cents per pound, f. o. b. Cincinnati, owing to the fact that wehave not a sheet of this size andweight in stock. We will probablyreceive a shipment of this size andweight sometime next month andwould be glad to fill your order upon arrival of same, at the price prevailing at that time. We are sorrythat the present conditions will notpermit us to name you a definiteprice on newsprint paper to-day..."From the tone of this letter,which but reflects the situation allover the country, our readers can seewhat the newspaper men are upagainst, and may realize what ahard row they are hoeing at present.There is no relief in sight, and allthe publishers can do is to sit stillin the boat and not try to tip itover. Menwhile all those who arereligiously inclined are hoping andpraying for relief from an intolerable situation.oAND IT REALLY HAPPENED:VflKV:Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsWeit Fifh Street IfIXIm Telephone No. 4'ASATISFACTIONXIXIOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improve-ments in laundry appliances Iand expert helpers we are xprepared to do work infe- Irior to none, and solicit xyour patronage.XRELIGIOUS.IThe Bourbon Laundry jx-are, jenniCKjrRev. Dr. Clayton, returned missionary and assistant to Right Rev.Lewis W. Burton, Bishop of the Lexington Diocese, conducted theChristmas services at 10:45 at St.Peter's Episcopal church, yesterdaymorning.Rev. C. A. VanWinkle has resigned the pastorate of the Christian church, at Millersburg. He willmove to Bere'a, and engage in evangelistic work. He is a pulpit orator of pleasing personality andgreat ability and will be a power forgood in any community where hemay work.Last Sunday was observed inthe churches and Sunday schools ofthe Northern Presbyterian churchas "Sunday School Day." The observance was a part of the churchwide campaign known as the NewEra Movement. An offering wastaken in all the Sunday schools forextension of the church work inheathen lands.The National War Work Council of the Young Men's ChristianAssociation is planning a nationwide campaign for raising a fund of?2,000,000 to carry out the recentlyannounced educational plans. Theplan is exclusively for soldiers, sailors and marines, and is the out?growth of the "Khaki College" conducted by the association during thewar.Every Sunday School- of theMethodist Episcopal Church, South,is expected to observe next Sundayas Annual Missionary day. The object of the day is three-fold: To secure a definite messionary pledge,from every school; to secure in7creased pledges from those already!pledged, and to emphasize the Centenary movement in every school inthe Southern' Methodism.oA good many women regard amarriage certificate as a meal ticketIn the course of a day's round, andeven sometimes at night, .whileprowling around in search of a livenews item, THE NEWS man hearsand sees some funny things. Someof them won't bear repeating, hutothers are so good that they oughtnot to be kept in the dark. One ofthese good ones was recently overheard at The Alamo.In fact, it was Saturday night,while Mabel Normand was cavortingaround on the screen in her inimitable screen play, "The Jinx." Inthe row behind "us" sat two women,Who had apparently spent considerable time shopping. Both had anassortment of bundles in theirhands. One of the women, befurredand begowned and befumed to thelimit had a large round package in.her hand. They were discussingtheir shopping experiences., "What did you buy, dearie?"aBked the smaller woman of hercompanion with the large roundbundle. "Why, I bought a real nicecut glass punchbdwl," replied theholder of .the large round bundle,which she guarded jealously andzealously. "For Gawd's sake," exclaimed the smaller woman, ''Whatin the name of all that's' holy areyou going to put in it geraniumsor goldfish?" We didn't hear thereply, which was whispered to theanxious one. Just think of- itt .Apunchbowl at this stage of prohibition! , o .BIRTHS.Near Paris, to the wife of MattLair, a daughter, their second child,bith girls.Near Centerville, this county, tothe wife of James Irvine, a sontheir first born: Mrs. Irvine beforeher marriage was Miss Eva Million.Salesman Wanted-High-class man to represent us inyour territory on our Weekly IncomeTax Record. Extensive newspaperpublicity create demand. Everymerchant, professional man andfarmer needs our system. Address,GREER & EZELL,400 Realty Building, Louisville, Ky.(25-2t)For SaleHudson Super Six,Automobile, 5 goodPrice, $1,200.00.(23-2t) GEO. R. DAVIS.1 Passengercord tires.U',tsfrf--vvy-n 'i ,fvftIff w Kgy19191920A Sincere WishMAY THE JOYS OF THE HOLIDAY SEASON BE YOUESWITHOUT MEASURE; AND THE COMING YEAE BE PULED WITH PROSPERITY AND HAPPINESS. THE PASTYEAR, THOUGH ONE OF -TRYING TIMES," HAS BEENTHE BEST OF OUR BUSINESS CAREER. MAY YOUR PATRONAGE CONTINUE TO STIMULATE OUR GROWTH ANDMAY OUR SERVICE ENABLE US TO MERIT IT ALL THEMORE.vf3fifiesfi&?'7ncnyM?rtxecL.,A Happy New YearK.TO OITE FRIENDS AND CUSTOMERS WE EXTENDOUR BEST WISHES FOR A BAPPY AND MOSPEROUSNEW YEAR; AND THANK YOU FOB MAKING THE: PASTYEAR THE BEST IN OUR HISTORY.Ardery Drug CompanyisI ---., . iA MAN AND HIS WIFECALL A TAXICABor any place at any time.'. We arexiow in our new location and readyto give the best . of service. . Callsanswered promptly day or night.Both Phones,No. 204.' .; After 12 o'clock midnight callCumberland Phone 974; " 'i S; R. HUDNAIJLV '8,;w m Office No. 6 Bnk BoW., (23dec-tf) . . . . i' rnay both derive satisfactionby having their worn and soiled'. garments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of. new, inconjunction with the knowledgethatyou are effecting a,, greatying; must surely 'satisfy1 you..; A phone brings us, ", .. 'LEVY, THE DRYCumberland Phone 40 " .i -v.GLEMJERHorn Phone 169mytm::mmymsywm::mm::mmy.mmyifor life.HpYixsxMrLr'3&3.jjv FiVr aiHuiuaxliJjpSOCXJL D D0X. ,25K"KaBBa3ic2aBfeR5Bs'afeEPmpfc Set. TEese kV. V .ijjLanfe C ?.. :.t O I : Tfff-lfiWjrr', feft -$n mr jffnrp., li ax. saiJf :y, Sr " mis grrm- EarS -T:ftr ffrj.Tt'frrHrrT BI ??& - - . "I "" !- . r wn r- "--tt11 "So r w:riaa;-S. S . ? - rr, -C-T. .,- !;, -,.. .. o'iicjm. -;.tr. . r- : --.iriin-igtfT-.2C2SS 5i3- :Ena3H! C 5aas.stemr t cTtlkr vi .vi .- Y ,-. . ? . . I '::lfir 'TmTiTj:1 ? . ---l "- . JEis. C- O Tfrrrss- ? .-Cvisil. as x. amsc ..& tfct S5W30i 33itl S&E.i4s?s. :& sai& j 53t5cs; t stzjaEr 3&L3fc3F &- i iHSSfcw w - f .-. t-:' ' rv - -.. t;, : . .iKSSEIfi. X SE; 3T XS2. 3&X-I . X2i M- fflg T. cJI f- 0lK5, U22I I3T t.t- --.....v.., ,-. -,-.- Jfij --. -" -- w-.ii-1 1.rtascaii,l- jmuiaeiii.vi, - : :jCiHtS rrmf.T in tIS "- OSY- sat - rtwftr m set i "JUSS j- isstssaMcait natSess cc nsr aaaiEsr, 3es. HSss.--feecpCttt?Jwr b "wsjtasc- rJEft isr sen: 3& Sssf S Fbsid&sc& of iifug-"o i &K Vr-o . -rr. iL tT. ,&. TULs: C2E3S ai. v. -. . I3kW$ SID3LF? iaj? iir jwtesstuoaJEr sugars! jc-311 tsribEicS Tvrtt grrffiTtfJr ids.5esai "spssjs; t otrs i. . jrrinffS ami.saacscsss 52Ci ax ta saii e . -wb. -. 55c. Steccs -?& !s-7- r?T a.esmnift Krtoi i5fesaff "T" n,asaa -r Tsra. r 3? sjminrar ta miatfts.Ts: i r"--, . -- nimT ??y arrrrnn- -c-arr-rrr Tr. wrr -ftrkV t- -fc.-- j? .-.. -- -'-"2r-'$3tC. iCt XUttSxa sij- ftiam'-nw"!5rTsEr ?" ftyrrrTor -r -f t jl rms. iIGTttTiT.,rtfr:L ff??f. 3fcs5as: ?2e. aar -sl ., arrrr. 3s.HL 5Jig?rrmu ar SaxftisiaasiCftfef: gt2grx2nre&-- 5 i Ti --M-y..i t i . . 1 '- ;asaacaK 7RB jBBSS C&rr- r- W. C. &r ,. Ctoaeini Trftemhrm:E tt 1 T. - re5..-i VTl2h awi 2smL dka qtceise en: H:-r nwu JV. iti- Jk. SHC inmCITTtbi. iTLTI-.i .. -,- ;. l- :sci eoTCst- zie- -niisc'tf' " J y -.. Tfc -C g - , il-iitOJ- Ir-rHTcazT23- t 3"cr?- rssti&mis- aess sr Sl3f5s MifrEift: Strfess. 'vim- i& 1 Tw--ia. -f??.i. -. rr r-Tfiaruis: gHgra. ss: ts. yf-wzss. i . ;. - -?., icv;.j --?.- . T " .- -"- I - .it-i, -it sjjc- mizuLUL - ujjiv L csTTT?tTg i3 XCSHjuw-ii5! asssesp axissnattr 3S:JN3L; t'II E x.M -3,T-tagfy r-rt5csi2fe. is sgerjiisig: iS.e ao&lsss' itfr2ri& ?? Tree W. I Dascn. srr-r- - l. i. j.-iii. ji. ii-iMi . nijiC 3I3IIXr" Ql. '- rlS' ?5r'JH3S ISJsEZBlfaitHITSas. rrTTgfegsrr- Kaarij ef Car-'13&S. JL sr&sr Scjs.-3s i"3segL 3L Kxtrm, -ayaeTtSf'Eyrg: iter ciifiilErsr isc Sgas-' "SiTrfereagg zzuL 32iSv Zh-scoL rr-J at. "2sau. Sale T'g Qzj-.. T?r? 2tHr 3ss Safffcg- feiaies. anf: iiefr,0ti2r ??!rpr ca. 3o aa Slyr AjRyrggrrc8-T?n?gr a y- asSiSS- TfjHr C 1 ylrJS. .3V "26 Ct31if. -i- SGfetLaS EL , OHiSXMjLS3. ates. as. -0: T---j-;rr- i vna. 22c. fasni. gel H&SaIe ',asarI rjii.--. sk --- a2iv JUse Isi iisaeiB 25 acme-? -. ff -rtirren ar Tame -z "gr h rw r:- --?v- r-iK -& tt--. ' "esc ansim aecses- . ,, cr. i-T, r mi r-anas s a a-rnTf?,i5ar "v-i 5s ci n-jcCXfTr V "iax rf ; ?2s 27 "Tt txr.s ed e rwrff- L7". a, ?&? -v ztl (feB a-G - 2CTt, 5 .lRy.. JSSC .IT"airrT -.- "STL: -sr cr sriHs j gemfs"etj!: V fcs Tri p.1 '. -p.3r Tit .1 ts yre 5jK-r if?TTfg sizcetL a. e"?EL-L t4i':iyt?T-iis. f . r2ST. "Sr&f-c- rr- kr rrtVfrr.-3meesmc, s j rMa . --n . , . CHSj1j: ii? -ir-iftT: a. - . . - . "r .- . CrSTTTffF rT srr t sat- " "Tr"-i-i - ' r-" r 3 ftJ- i - - s,-t-. 1 v tt W 2 Z52IL 5E S"h ciiii T vF atfiiS. r rr?r,f 'rj. r rii s l- . ....?srTr it ? or -Hti- " - - -e fTfV"T 7 - 'tyi-. 2E23iir sr gcr a3T3x -r . VLr JTf -T?r -S3S " "V T.w- n l p-rrvTt--ti- lir'iT3. Eji tr-?r T. tin. g 'J-?r nrjanm x ".x .: 22i' ge-grrirrrg- T i H iy gr-vT-T s--r "r- x '' . . rTtr.-- L ST2Z.r. ? . P.as S2 r tue c s a r': en. SeGL sr cr"r-r HHT, ef1". G T?t! ---ir. y -: fT t-S. -?y5--r .t.t. -ITTI nr ?s-TTrr r " CS. 'sir a -7; a? .::ti -T-T T r" f "5r .? 7?ra- 1 ia y-rix-g 'tjirtL-t a. t' rsc-. - "- -I . r, : t r- . .son-JCt s.r LarC irr '. T t.'g nv : gc c. Csc- . "l. ' JL-'r TTlllw -4-ri3s aaJlTTT; HL. - C? T ffnr-ix Tf!r f.'.i.... xt- lr-Tn cr -t-tt- I--- - .-- V. r -..5jS -jgJj.!pp. ! 7 ; . - t-r : .. i: '- 1. 1 !-r- - . - - TT fs tce ars- scz-". il "J i-" T I ZfcT"-i -l"- TTk-T .?- .i rr 3f iT- Ttt -r rnjr -rratx,5tv 'V ! .,'m iX. -I' -srrtf t " . , - sas e V?., S2i!t i - ., T T . ",, , - - . 1 nr tt - .-ft -to- r- r -y.r. . r &b -iai T ,4 vfTT7TL T?TTT f Tr & "lt -- 'iTr3W -1 33T 'T?St t ?-1T Trr alL TT -r7. . - - -. " 7 .: ri - i i ... ---. . iil 37-. Xcr- r--r 2t ara -ax i- edi Hr-! -- Gc "-sec. -- as csxf,,- . T- - w ..- 1 -. -?!-. tit m 7 C Clr T 4 -'- -- '-i'i. -2 SKU. 3- Sr : " ' - - - --- r nr r w-f SiTj-c -r -ttir", v' -S -as taca:- x5Er Fr it as je. xt T-T 4T -tt ncrTWrra-22.-Tt.---.t roCSLrr rrr- --fiTTi rr rr--rT"T- --.i-Ujit .t-t- ?' '; m "? t-s Sil Tm1 ; el San2:L ?T &5r cmr si- L .r-r r ttt j iti. iy rrr.. -.-S-.- plI. St. : - .- Hf- x"t. ? "sL rp.g ess EUL Z4?r -py S2r-sr x IcrEtnrin: Ss 5i5e rxi r.?1i Ic .: s3clf ; e-asrrTT r- " Itxr?T-f rf is a:oj" j?. nr -" ? aL sn. tpfai-i tit -j-4 1 "'! r 't'Vr-; 2--.v;v sr '- l3 vy-r-r tt- rrr - ' Ci2ll' aCS.1- --ill?.; f. . . ilil-S r5be- i- -! s- - af ' --i 2s si ernxrasBE tt-t !. t sf - jv 2 is r-- -z .- -. VJT-ii..i --- ?- T-W Tr T - VTrl7.t-.. ' I....I -?- tt7 -? --?. ar a.---. &: ..,. --, -!?. vr r5r - r - -sz: 3 jcr Lace 2?tl elasc zi?-i 23" r2 .f-ir'g' TTf- r cf !I scrr -lfeT C&rfsrrrTT; Tr XSi'J 5te x is reatiers pels xaiifs x r5 ts? X :- - Y.. r 17 '. 1 (-Vrri-' .4 -? x r-,J rt- y x ar m-ca- -.tjt -jr. -i r iaoBca.! CI? gff--r--a--j-i ria rat- Jri-' -Ti t . -hjjlT'j :x-rsnie A -:255r -fe-" -r xir xCrt iJL aSr 2 aT s -sfcT- X ce - x C7-l33r 3Ct XSE31 S:i:2ni3s"in;-3 ( !i 2r pr-2r. TIip !i v ,VIIMSCT g ?-i r JU. s 5s. aP 3Ea3 as e?xr y-". -rrrrHr f ?n-r gsr ! Crff -S rixiIi X S3 s J(" '4? ? ' .' ! -"! r TT " 'I rrfT-T --!. ,ens-: en. " cf 3D r 3 . 4 eas rr ri cf - XFir - 1 . - . T" JiCTOE tt --g tar , s . at -? is ci 1 g5s xga?- : $ irc-: ! xl at rr- t-2 xt lC TTtJr- rrg. rXI. Cf SC iv X Ir -' ' '"- 4-t"- ' Tl- . t ?! ! : ns- Tr i' "a-w "rr T'--. ii- -; : i 11 1 i -. r. tn r... : t7t. S . ygg JS,-i- i2-. Cf ti TETHI- -g.W AT -r (TTA -T&i-j11T5 IT 1"W-L Tb22-Sal Vr. 3. ri;t-. Frfec-. i iS ?: is crsr-iCf " 1 r : " 52. "a 3JtlC2t t-ttt ?a: X: "frr- fer t'i -- C CDxt IS- X CJ trt --?. Vr, ---, -X : 53C CSf: Tr : c-g?- - c s. fir trass!c2r Tra 0- r Xrr. ix "-'I, Hi S-j Lr gTr.?:"r "SfM -. .gtf : Ca-J".; f J--UI..W-70. JT-'g-r Qni; cjrl:aii2g2.,2s 2-T" i-? :. Prrt-ifrysg 30frL ?s- -J 2 r "3r2aifIW-C41.. "- S3 XZ:, - . c. . jlsu .s-Ttr-Tft?- ef 1Ses v . ?t -pyprrf r7 f--r -'Ttf ' " . W-TfT-THr,5rr 1-TT.S " -. i. S . r S3. T TTT-5r :" t- --;ej as f-. ef 3:Bsr ax ?: t;33 -??- ir -? 3r g t f - 7;- X Sc!-C CfS XS1 -- -. --. r tC .-. XT " -. -i-T-77 -. : rtrrr wr sS as 5i ?i2r as 5-SI t fe "r j -- aiexJt rr-i?- S?JXL' '---rr . --- 3J Tprgc f JT,. er .um;-. sLr " asST -Z3L X gyr. a -?rrrrsr rgs: :2ESffis a-rr-rpgr.- f g- --- e .ic??r-rri: " T?- T Tr. IS 51 ST .T- CClIC-5-l -feC 'iir"S? C ES X X -SsiTffbsr isiir J - rrf 5? -3s as ax r gl - f .t Z2gf-p . "- "i5r r10A- -TfTJm i-f -ii-- iftTSL ef T VT.-fr- -S-iFP" g !-- aT ulgn--. f-r!, t 2i-7fe cir se - nine: l . s. 3ss : cl 6-w- Vt ! -!2r X Ift 6f LjgTT. 35, . B-g-S-felg X X .ra-T-. sl 5 Ii-T sre e rs a sx-- -- ct is .? tE z P ;-; -r--z- T-m. rg?rr?-: - ai- s- . -r -jr---...-,...,- .r ..-- -- ; U ai-Iir- . . 2.--. .- ... a '-i-i- f - - .. - ..sr ' fw..ir7 rrrirr rA 3TC ati'.j -'.-- 2yi- - y- j r. jti-. j-. i- . , -lxaL - fd; "feSaf -ssr i-- si& iS? -" c5--3-fr-5L a. i.-ie gytfarr-aftx- : aa.pi x a cs. as,lf 5rS5i - 02-- . rU?7tf r n--. :;;. irI ixj--1- - Z2S ?'.":s-gagiiJEgg ar g jx-s -gx 3 rgr-gJ-- T77Gerr ' "3S&&& -t -.iae Sc -r?77Tf ci'r ! V". C - rr, 3- -rjtjiJW,;-U4. CHZ-T f? S- - TrT;3 -- t kc 3- sLi?2g:: - ff,7ftg y- prxj TA1irie3ar " rt -c: iTjsjr-e-- srr. Ll je-Iaif ?. - -re 5-fr ILf- c -, o 1 ca ri-r en : rcf cfCtr Taiss-j; .! c r- r rr. Ttfr jj. r-p-r ie rjx ch ce rr cxasei.zz3sc r JWTr' f- . "Ejs-iig i?- ! ! o i frr : 15c!r !: 32, J f 5yr-. cf BL ?- ; : jsr3- ";: e rst .n--CS5Pi3. fxn siiE. cf aea isujar-a3Ps, "ras : ce 7sr-iri: s-2 s: cL :Beeor5. ;-c c acifX--l. a -2as7T gfriferrrx: ar x r-s& - as --ws v er sc-f--35"jft "lpr-n-- fr ae ts-,?-- ; -vtEa-e-l !- r x -'..aps s- S -1 f afc psffnrf"mf. lTrrjtm aeraal yr- : r- Ti-sg.r3r C a. s: -- J! ,--- rrwBF.je-wffr.Tr-esS. ,i JLt t- frnm Bsr 3 Tc-skol -e 5r --e r- rr x ;- cf ;&r tic St- tte frit wr "f5- ?r '-1 r l Hr,. Ij 3e JL. C ---?jfr- Tide ill i ryar-m 5r 5t l? irl.wg:, -M 3!ej. - ' C raE? 3.gaB, r ac. tf let x.Sf; Iwj- rfc Tib 9mJrKThmL C 3eE ef 2-3Qi -e x - iti3 IsstL-KusyC&fiii&-S-fclKlH-eltec Tfe -&&& laaac: as35rr aK- Jjwff -Ijrfnlr-f -rn w.wf.tj -jDon's Fi-lic Beufit Sale!A Real Economy EventNow Going On and wMi Cow tin we. Until Jaary 1, 1920d- nacreT E3-e I sesn i3oc 2fb 3s7 -rasI i oce xcia2 wno cdcrssb C3cr GrtPtb-ietSe. Sts3g:-. r5ed. act e greatpes fegd(ei-Bg-tass feveatEui de3QstratibD esrs3rg- ao&-gIig isi-B3L QC'pULlulL3S tO" eT Bb . C CTLt --'w ciOGichr - spcgsa3 to scrotybepetI !$. H vscy oce csf-K sooid gras ts qg-pLiiiy-a 14; l iiMrcgM 6", wocce el ror sgp icr jocr sre oe ts- 3r3Ladies' SuitsQe Ic f . c ccs rf ezs. andOise let of Xaciesr Jiss5i esft T5iistBC0 S-t-V7o &2L SSSl0 ta $S51C( S 9V-5tee let (: Sa?Ie Suits. ? ts- Xacaes- &i Isse SSX . 3SO-Tv. S Be:enr Sale S40 j Isf Sll Iferesse.?; S50" 44.75tee lot g S SS? CO tu SHO-CCl r Iar -Xnaesfetts Iv. H& -!BIIeBeLt- Sne ST950; t&$aL0 59.50j ladles8, Gss$stt&hees , 3930f .4.. t0ie 5t g ! Oauv -.OlIj I OlltlBg Ctottu 35-Hlt GlMki5- -St4T3 jrt 25cfee let T-es'" 3 $ -. 39,75 1tee fe ec Ia?r C 2?, $ t&ctt.: . s9,5oj Children's DressesOne itst : ii s" Ces 9X s?.--- TS5Q ' rfggL's: Sezse fs AieSiOne 2es !' Ccs. fj-gQ 9S.OO ! Mcj&Ss. 25LC 0 StcKi C?r'5 Serge icChildren Coats I ffi JS?lfE gt SS::::::::S.I:IS CliMrw.. 6.gai Dresses?s Cffi? t2f-i - 2t:,i50 Ci"5sils.ie$16fe- Q.t 52.3i 2T3 a03vr -3 c tjKimonac .Jqtr 3-48H efej 439I3L9S vsfees 3r--.S3-484l Tslnes. fer-. 3,.9 - LadiS?SS8 Tslces fer 4.98t6LSS TrtTTe? Dr 39S:This Sale is Strictly Cash. - No Creditth"-. ':.-3p'-!IHf,Quristmas GreetingwI E52Sr 10 :v --.- OeE sj-h-.-t: T"i''- t) c .0 3jS TEE. 2IS GS-C5 i--:y Ts-ftfTTiiriT i2CS)' ? '- - - -SX'T.. TD USD ax.! iiri-i-. A ILLE-rX 5 S 5S Ir. t. HDrrG3r ec:-- --f- .JK1, -- -yWt:Pi:kflS$ih:'jfS-Si.-&&&TfiBr fistissw1 nkws pxmsr lascnr-- FRIDAY, DBCllMBML 2f imPAGE SIX&IBIff.IEII'iI4rill!i:tlIfftrr -HiA etna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFireTheftCollision1Property DamageLiabilityAnd OtherCasualtiesIRVINE TIMES iTO START PUBII-v CATION JANUARY 1.A new weekly newspaper, the Irvine Times, will be published inIrvine beginning January 1. It willbe Republican in politics and willbe edited by Park Chaney. Themechanical work will be directed byRobert Chaney. Both, of these menhave had experience as countryprinters.oLots of people would rather say"Thank you!" than "You're welcome."'jA.- J. FEEAGENT""wpXliSouthern Optical Co.. Incorporated XXManufacturers of Perfect-Fitting TSPECTACLES ANDEYE GLASSESA Few SuggestionsForThe HolidaysToilet Articles.Manicure Sets.Comb and Brush Sets.Handkerchiefs.Hose Sets.N Garters.Dolls.Fountain Pens.Box Paper.Kid GlovesAnd Hundreds of OtherArticles.INFURIATED WOMAN ATTACKS!ISLAND FEERY OmCIALSff of.Kryptoks Artificial EyesInvisible Bifocal LenaSKOOT-KAR 35cTWIN BROS.Department Store7th and Main Paris, Ky4th & Chestnut StsLOUISVILLE, KY.We WantLiberty Bondsall IssuesWar StampsWill pay top market; price.5. T. & E. W. RAflDLE CO.9me 1229X Fayette Bank Bldg.LEXINGTON, KY.(till-J&nl)TAXI - CABSERVICEAUTO LIVERY CO.E. McCracken, Prop..Rtdmon Motor Car CompanyNljht Call 760 xJOHN WHITE & CO.LOUISVILLE, KY.NEW YORK, December 25. Ledby a woman who declared her husband had been deported to EussiaSunday on the "Soviet Ark" Mondayattacked the entrance to the EllisIsland ferry in an attempt to reachfellow radicals still awaiting deportation. A riot call was turned in before the police could restore order.The mob formed around the gatekeeper's cageseveral minutes beforethe attack was launched. Then thewoman, proclaiming .herself an anarchist, stepped forward and droveboth fists througl,he .jejass window,As pieces of glass crashed to thepavement the crowd began chantingthe "Internationale." .) .yDown withjihisdirty, rottenoyernment," screamed the woman."They have taken my?, husband, andare taking, the husbands, brothersand fathers -of us all."Unable to quiet the mob, AsaMitchell, superintendent of the bargeoffice, located at the, tip of Manhattan, turned in a call for police reserves. vThe mob turned upon the first policeman Nto answer the call and beathim, but when more reserves and adetail . of coast guards, with fixedbayonets, arrived, the crowd suddenly became docile. Members of itexplained they had come to inquireabout relatives who had sailed on theBuford. A Russian woman, who gavethe name of Clara Brooks, was arrested as the ringleader.Twenty-two anarchists remainedat Ellis Island Monday, awaiting deportation. They will be sent to Russia with others from Detroit and Chicago whom the Department of Laborwas unable to have transported toNew York in time to sail aboard theBuford. Arrangements for the departure of the next "Soviet Ark"have not been completed, accordingto Byron H. Uhl, acting commissioner at the island.The Department of Justice has60,000 anarchists and communistslisted and an enormous number ofthese, officials say, will be deported.oDO YOU ENJOY YOUR MEALS?If you do not enjoy your mealsyour digestion is faulty. Eat moderately, especially of meats, masticate your food thoroughly. Let fivehours elapse between meals andtake one of Chamberlain's Tabletsimmediately after supper and youwill soon find your meals to be areal pleasure.(dec-av)AUTOISTS RUSHING TO GET 1920LICENSES.rVdof that Soirte Womendo Avoid OperationsMrs, Etta Dorion, of Ogdensburg, Wis., says:MI suffered from female troubles which' caused piercing painslikeva knife through my back and side. I finally lost all mystrength, so I had to go to bed. The doctor advisedan operationbut I would not listen to it. I thought of whatlhacUread aboutLydia E.-Pinkham,s Vegetable Compound, and tried, itr Thcfirstbottle brought great relief and six bottles have entirely cu,red me.All women who have female trouble of any kind should tryLydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound."How Mrs.' Boyd Avoided an. Operation -..fart' r m i .Canton, Ohio. "Iuffered from a female trouble whichcaused me mucn sunermg, anu twuouwrauqciueu uivI would have to go through an operation before l could"'Myimotber! who bad beeiLhelped by Lydia,EAPink-ham s v egej&pjeompouna aavisea me to try it oe-tore submitting to an operation, .it reneveameirom.my troubles so-1 can do, my house work without anyi:m.n..1-w. T nliriaa nnTrnrnmnn nrKn IB afflinf ol Wlfh mfemale troubles to give Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege- -&r vUU1U lUUipUUUU a liLxttht. UU iu taa vr as muvufor them." Mrs. Marie Boyd, 1421 5th St.,jn. jti., Lianxon, unio. i'j iEverv Sick Woman ShotfldTHfLYDIA E.PINKH AM SVEGETABLE COMPOUNDBefore Submitting To An Operation)LYDIA E.P1NKHAM MEDCINEC0. LYNN. HAS S.Liberal atsorttiMRt jMSSSPSSaSTand fall valna petal 9V39uB9RKfOMt Skint p w(n- -13w)VERY member of your family will enjoy the unusual aft)Auto owners are swarming toFrankfort getting their 1920licenses. J. G. Johnson, Pikeville,was appointed assistant" bookkeeperin the Motor Vehicle Departmentand Miss Marie Elliott, Somerset,was appointed clerk in the same denartment. More than 17.0.00 automobile licenses have been issuedduring the month, or an average ofj 1,000 a day. The State authoritieshave agreed on a license plate ioiautomobiles and motor vehicles usedby cities, counties and the Statewhich will be substituted for thelicense tag now in use.EVLKi member or your ramily will enjoy the unusualgoodness of Orusader Milk Bread. The texture is soeven ana smootn, tne crumb so ngnt, tne crusi socrisp and tender that they'll keep coming back for more.Crusader JB3k BreadLARGE AND SMALL LOAVESowes its goodness to the rich milk it contains. And thatmeans utmost nourishment as well as unusual flavor. Forchildren it is unsurpassed they thrive on it. And thisbread is so easy to digest that all can partake of it Forsale by better grocers. Order a large or small loaf today.M1NATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANYT-T- vr rr. r-rX3Z33Z3333Z2JA SpecialPurchaseMen's SuitsandOvercoatsEnables us to offer the season's latest styles in extra''good values.$25, $27.50, $30Worth TO.uch more. Seethem while our stock is-complete.Twin Bros.Men's StoreL. WOLLSTEIN, Proprietor619 Main StreetAWA'AJfMJWftWAiJJJcujJjy:sBaf BBaBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBaBBBBBTK -aaaaaaaaaaaMaajaaaajaBaaaaaaaaaaBaaaaaaaaaaaaaaajaaaaagJTIat'Lf JaaaaBSaBEaB, "tiiflJ aBaa ' SJ9bbV -'Tm" -a BbBBBBBBBT BBBHBBBBaBBBBB wCkBBBMBU1 ' J IbIbIbW aHBIaVKaBft bbIbHI1 K IvBIbV BBUbVbBA OlBU 'MbIwvJM riLbt aLiKaLBLBVaaW gplBWftWBy aLBCftiBLBB fQi HUbHL. aaaaBpBr JgB! u IF " w: rsjrwM?W'wmwitikh h vw'wrwrwrwwwFwrwi ayyiiUVai wr1 ' ----1B1 --! - B43L" 1Whmn you come to Louisville use aBROWfW-miEasily Recognized At NightPflONEMiin-CItvHEvw Driver An Escort:" -OFFICES AT ALL STATIONS AND HOTELSLouisville Taxicab and Transfer Co.aSflfftWB'li.. -saa'iSWIFT & C0"S WEEKLY PRO-kssDUCDD lylARKET EEVTEWEDReceipts of cream have not beenheavy, but there has been a pronounced tendency toward lowerprices on butter, due to light demand. For this reason there hashas been some decline in butterfatprices throughout the country.There is still a large reservestock of eggs in storage. Receipts offresh eggs are veryt light, but highprices have curtailed consumption,and there is little demand except forthe very finest quality. As it is latein the selling season for storageeggs, and as we are approaching theproducing season, on fresh. eggsr themarket has shown easier tendencyduring the -week on both fresh, andstorage eggs.Poultry receipts have been lighter, but there has been very littlechange in the price situation on theselling market. More poultry is being received in the selling centersthan is being consumed promptly,and the surplus lias been sent to thefreezer. t .Turkeys appear to be well cleanedup, and sold at record prices. Thetrade expects the balance of the remaining crop win oe sola DetoreJanuary 1st.PAKIS EVIDENCE FOR PARISPEOPLE.The Statement of Pans ResidentsAre Surely More Reliable That' Those of Utter StrangersHome testimony isr real proof.Public statements of Paris peoplecarry real weight.What a friend or neighbor sayscompels respect.The word of one whose home is.far away invites your doubtsNHere's a Paris man's, statement.And it's for Paris people's benefit.Such evidence is convincing.That's the kind of proof thatbacks Doan's Kidney Pills.Phillip M. Heller, proprietor meatmarket, 722 Main- street, v. says: vlhave used Doan's Kidney Pills a fewtimes in the past and have beengreatly benefited by them. At timesmy back was weak and lame andthe kidney secretions passed too frequently, making me get up often atnight. I have used a box of Doan'sKidney Pills at those times and theyhave always rid me of the complaint.. I think they are a splendidkidney medicine and gladly recommend them."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Heller had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)JUST SO! WHY NOT?"SeI!!"i4MlflBBBkwBBYour EyesExammeaFreeWe make no charge for a thoroughly skilled and scientific examination of the eyes.The proper glasses will he prescribed, the lenses will be groundand delivery will be made the sameday.When next in Lexington pay thismodern Optical establishment a visitand avail yourself of our Free Examination service.FAYJETTB OPTICAL SHOP313-315 West Main St. Lexington, Ky.H. CUAY ODENBAUGHOptometrist... .miiiivya.y.it,E-4j;j:T?mfiiHMugLrnG-"citais;;i-g-?:""A movement was started in Congress Saturday looking to reductionin amount of newsprint paper usedby Government departments. Chairmen Steenerson, House PostofficeCommittee, introduced a resolutioncalling on departments to report immediately the amount of pr,int paper used by them, and whether a JOper cent, reduction could be made.QCHAMBERLAIN'S TABLETSThese tablets are intended especially for indigestion and constipa-tion. They tone up the stomach andenable it to perform its functionsnaturally. -They act gently, on the-iliver and bowels, thereby restoringthe stomach and bowels to ar healthycondition. r "When you 1fi& vdu11"stupid and constipated givethem .atrial.' You are certain to be pleasedwith their effect. . - .(dec-adv)oh i r,i. ,iiIt isn't ,untjlthe builds, a jhQUBeftnit thai mqny a man is dissatisfiedwith his lot. . 'o- rA reasonable amount of disciplineis godd for us all. Even the, heelerhas to toe the mark. v&Don't Worry About theLaundry-Let Us Demonstrate thetd snABU i aataenifY ;!-A2v Uv : rmrcieeirieWashing MachineIn Your Own HomeT. W. SPIGER314 Main St. Paris, KentuckyEast Tennessee Phone 103; Home Phone 101Mm-t- -- ,immwiti. jsjnji susjt-ia?Regarding Christmas divingtThe most appreciated sift is the usefulgift.Thegift.most attractive gift is the unusaf. The most tfioughtfui gift is the lastinggft.The MphTTe Telephone is alluseful, unusual and fasting.of theseWe have developed plan to solve the gift question as far 'as yourfriends who do not have a Home Telephone are concerned, and havearranged it in such a way on Christmas morning those for whom youhave subscribed will receivi a beautiful threeolor card frnm nnrU)ffice advising them that there will "he a TTomp. TWeiYhrmo inqtaiLtheir residence with, your compliments.The Home Telephone is an inexpensive and. thoroughly appreciatedgift it is an all-yeai -round thought of you.Pari Home telehorte & f eleqrahCbmbany. O . Svpv? d .(Incorporated) 0 u ,J. J. VeatchKitriQt Uxitipx WH. Ctimoi, && Majuiftr,The News Job Depart mentis Always Busy"There's a Reason." Work Don flightftrv..-'., A'r-TODAY, DECEMBER 267 1919THE BOURBON NEWS. PAMS; KENTUCKYpji surra-itit-' B-ft i14' .&&.SAFE, GENTLE REMEDYBRINGS SURE RELIEFFor 200 yera GOLD MEDAL HaarlemOil has enabled suffering humanity to'-withstand attacks of kidney, liver,'"Madder and stomach troubles and allMiaeasea connected withthe urinaryWsans and to build up and restore to'health organs weakened by disease.These most important organs must beNratched. because 'they filter and purify'the blood; unless they do their workyou are doomed.Wearinees, sleeplessness, nervousness,-despondency," backache, stomach trouble, pains in the lqins and lower abdomen, gravel, difficulty when urinating, rheumatism, sciatica and lumbagoall warn you"bf trouble with your kidvy. GOLD MEDAL Haarlem Oil Capsules art the remedy you need. Takthree or four every day. The healinioil soaks into the cells and lining oithe kidneys and drives out the poigonsHew life and health will surely followWhen your noTmal vigor has been restored continue- treatment for a whilfto keep yourself In condition and prevent a return of the disease.Don't wait until you are incapable offighting. Start taking GOLD MEDALHaarlem Oil Capsules today. Your druggist will cheerfully refund your moneyif you are not satisfied with results.But be sure -to get, the original imported GOLD MEDAL and accept no substitutes. In three jzes. Sealed packages. At all drug stores.MINE WOPtXESS HEAD AEEESTED ASB RELEASEDINDIANAPOLIS, IND., Dec. 25.Alexander Howat, president of theKansas district of the United Mine-'workers, was released from jail yesterday and allowed to return to Kansas, when he agreed to call off thestrike of miners in his district.SECRETARY LANE TO GUTE CAB--" a jux irviujkiviiFranklin K. Lane, Secretary ofthe Interior, yesterday confirmed reports incirculation for months thatTie intended to letire from the Cabinet.1 It has been well known to Mr.Line's friends that he would resign-whenevei favorable opportunity of-'WIMlliW WJm . Hti'iW -mtesssMobssssssssssr s -MUFlssssssHLl.sH1 'HEUf' lsSS JlsBBBsWTHE 0L05TY1e s-sjf E KRYPTOtA( BIFOCAL a5yj&f BirOCALDR. WM. R. FRANKLINVarden's Drue Store.fered and that he had been deterredfrom taking the step on account otPresident Wilson's illness.Whatever dissatisfaction Mr. Lanemay have left, and other incidents,the fact remains that his intentionto retire from public life is due primarily to his realization that he isunable to make both, ends meet on aCabinet officer's salary of $12,000 ayear. , ,It is understood that he has hadseveral offers of private emplaymentand that he has decided in the interest of lis family and his future toaccept one of them.. o-SHOULD BE QUARANTINEDMany physicians believe that anyone who has a bad cold should becompletely isolated to prevent othermembers of the family and associates from contracting the disease,as colds are about as catching asmeasles. One thing sure the sooner nno rids himself of a cold the less1 the danger, and you will look a goodi -aMia hpfnrfi von find a better medicine than Chamberlains joug.Remedy to aid you in curing a cold.(dec-adv)o"Furthermore, we hate for ourcook to go away and tell the neighbors she quit because she was fedup on beans.. oonio fcjrmnmfiter varies only 20degrees at Lisbonwinter.in summer and" -lt VkThe noways of th United States are mow thaa one-third,nearly one -half, of ail the railway! of the world. Theycarry a yearly traffic to much greater thaa that ofaay other country that there it really ne Waia for comparison. Indeed, the traffic of any twe nation ay he conwbined. and still it doei not approach the commerce ofAmerica borne upon Aaaerican railways.Unittl tut ttMMttr Cumtnlm.Ask Any Doughboy WhoWas "Over There7 7'5??-Kifand he will tell you that American railroads arethe best in the world.He saw the foreign roads in England andFrance, the best in Europe and in other Continental countries and he knows.The part railroads have played in the development of the United States is beyond measure.American railroads have achieved high standards of public service by far-sighted and courageous investment of capital, and by the constantstriving of managers and men for rewards for workwell done.We have the best railroads in the world wemust continue to have the best.But they must grow.To the $20,000,000,000 ' now invested in ourrailroads, there will have to be added in the nextfew yearsrto keep pace with the nation's business,billions more for additional tracks, stations andterminals, cars and engines, electric power housesand trains, automatic signals, safety devices, theelimination of grade crossings and for reconstruction and engineering economies that will reduce the cost of transportation.To attract to the railroads in the future the investment funds of many thrifty citizens, the directing genius of the most capable builders and managers, and the skill and loyalty of the best workmen in competition with other industries bidding for capital, managers and men the railroadindustry must hold out fair rewards tp capital, tomanagers and 'to the men. kAmerican railroads will continue to set worldstandards and adequately serve the Nation's needsif thev continue to be built and operated on theAmerican principle of rewards for work well done.3hity admihemmt lA published by the(Sociatiotitf xecutlve&Those desiring information concerning the railroad tilvaiion mas nbiain literature by tciiling to The Atsociation of Railway Executires. 61 Broadway, New York.Ir ! '- JMra?P?T!BaiaaVilV:ilBixHBL.vVSaP'- "VrSa&rC "" iJ??'m-2!mt '1n, fv.,1INDIANAPOLIS, Dec. 25. Alexander Howat, President of the Kansas District (No. 14) of the UnitedMine workers of America, Mondaynight is in jail here, awaiting Hearingon a charge of contempt of court foralleged violation of the "FederalCourt injunction against furtheranceof the strike of coal miners. Hearinghas been set for next Monday'at 2p. m.Howat appeared in Federal Courtthis morningsat the order .of UnitedStates District Judge A. B. Anderson. He was under bond of $10,000provided in the form of a check ona Jiansas uity Dank. Judge Anderson disapproved of this form of bondand immediately after the afternoonsession of court Tjegan at 2 o'clockremanded the miners' official to jailuntil he reached a decision as to theamount and kind of bond which willbe acceptable.Judge Anderson Monday morningdenounced Howat for his attitude inconnection with the Court's injunction against the strike and declared:"Either I have to vindicate the lawor abdicate in favor of Mr. Howat."The hearing Monday morning began with a response by Henry Warrum, chief counsel for the UnitedMineworkers of America, in whichthe position was taken that Howatin keeping in force a local strike of1,000 miners- in the Kansas district,which was called last , July, did notviolate the injunction against furtherance of the general strike, but complied with instructions of the miners'General Committee in that operation of mines of Kansas was resumedon the same basis as obtained on October 31, the date the general strikeTbecame effective.Dan W. Simms, Special AssistantDistrict Attorney, .representing thegovernment, followed with an outlineof the evidence 'against Howat. Hedeclared the Kansas miners' officialhad" issued several statements orgiven newspaper interviews in violation of the injunction, and assertedthat the local strike was nierged withthe general strike on October 31, andthereafter was affected by any action which had to do with the general strike.In reviewing the miners' caseJudge Anderson declared that theLever act; Tinder which .the actionwas brought, was still in ,force andpointed to the United States SupremeCourt decision in the war-time prohibition law as a parallel case, upholding the theory that the war measures still are ciiecnve. .e sam nehad defined the law on November 8and that the miners' officials hadknowledge of that definition."This defendant," he declared,"according to the statements in" theverified bill of information, whichwas filled here on December 3, violated this order (the court's injunction) and the Lever law every hoursince that time. Now, the question is what shall I do?"It is perfectly plain that this manhas not in good faith attempted tocomply with the order of this court.It is quite apparent that there isample ground for the grand jury tobring a bill against him for a felony."What should 1 do under the circumstances? Why, hold him, ofcourse. That is what I have to do.Now I have continued this case to atime when he could get counsel, ashe wants, and the government canget its witnesses here to prove as towhether he has been contumacious,and in the meantime I am going tohold this man right here under thejurisdiction of this court."During the outline of the government's case by Mr. Simms it was declared that , during thirty-threemonths before December 31, 1918,there were 364 strikes in the Kansasfield under the" leadership of Howat.It was stated that Howat probablydid not call all of the strikes, but hewas responsible for the organizationwhich made them possible and thathe was feared by both operators andbusiness men in the Kansas districtas wielding a power too great forthem to combat.Judge Anderson asserted that heconsidered the situation in the Kansas fields as intolerable and said thatHowat would have to change his attitude toward the law and the Courtif he expected to obtain his liberty.He declared that Howat had breatheddefiance right here in Indianapolis,and that he was going to show himthat there is a government in thiscountry.oCATARRH CANNOT BE CURED;with LOCAL APPLICATIONS, asthev cannot reach the seat of thedisease. Catarrh is a local' disease,greatly influenced by constitutionalconditions, and in order to cure ityou must take an internal remedy.Hall's Catarrh Medicine is takeninternally and acts through theblood on the mucous surfaces of thesystem. Hall's Catarrh Medicinewas prescribed by one of the bestphysicians in this country for years.It is composed of some of the besttonics known, combined with sometonics known, with some ofthe very best biood priflers. The perfect combination of theingredients in Hall's Catarrh Medicine is what produces such wonderful results in catarrhal conditions.Send for testimonials free.F. J. CHENEY &CO.,, Toledo, Ohio.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (dec-adv) -' - oAs a rule, it is a poor yardstickthat doesn't woik both ways. oOf orturK the -first-call alarmIX;IKAa2k& fferZmmt-Z t--IWE THANK YOU FOR YOUR CONTDIUXD PAHOHAGE AND (XVOPERA3I0N TURING mB.jgpD YEAS OFINTENSE tJOMMERCIAL STRAIN, AND, WITH NOKKALCONDITIONS AGAIN EESTOEED, WISH TO ASSUIE TOV 0?OUR GREATER ABILITY THAN EVER 3EF0RE TO SHEER THE HIGHEST TYPE OF SERVICE IN THE FURNITURE AND STOVE BUSINESS.AT THIS SEASON, ALSO, WE WISH TO EXTEND TOOUR MANY ERIENDS THAT OLD-TIME MESSAGE OF GOODWILL::-J)66Happy New Year59E. M. Wheeler Furniture Co.'-'That Much Assured.A somewhatimpecunious young fellow rashly engaged himself to a charmtog young thing, who shortly after theexcitement had subsided began tcevince doubts. Said she: "How long,dearie, do you think we hall have tobe engaged?" "Well, sweetheart," saidthe" young man cheerily, "I havienough money "to last for six monthI think.? "SPLENDID COUGH MEDICINE"As I feel that every familyshould know what a splendid medicine Chamberlain's Cough Remedyis, I am only too pleased to relateray experience and only wish that 1had known of its merits years ago,"writes Mrs. Clay Fry, Ferguson Station, Mo. J'X give it to my childrenwhen they show the slightest symptoms of being croupy, and when Ihave a cough or cold on the lungs avptv few doses will relieve me, andby taking 'it for a few days I soon,et na oi me tuu.(dec-adv)aHBNothing adds to theof a home, or makesworth living, than a well illuminated house.pleasuresHie more"CHUBBY STOUT" C6RSETSThis style is especially designed to decrease the apparentsize and to lend trie appearance of slenderness and Keigntto the stout figure. It reduces the flesh gently, not by lacing,hut by corrective molding. We feature sizes up ta 46.'Fitted hy Graduate CorsetkrtsEach corset is so expertly fitted that it gives freely withevery movement, yet holds the figure firmly whetherseated, standing or walking. Grace with absolute comfortis assured at all times. 'Mail Orders Receive Prompt AttentionIf you are unable to -disit .our shop use our Mail OrderService. Write tell us your needs. Fitting information.freely given. Send for Ncv) Style Folder. "'Parisian Gorsei Storecorner JRACEand OPERA PLACE cinonnaxiNATURE GIVES THE FORM. PARISIAN THE FIGUREriiLiiiiuiiimiiiH.aiuiuiujiLiiiiiniLiiuiiyiiuuiimiiiuiuiiimiTTTTTTr9seGlectricityfor Eigbtingsft!s the only satisfactory way.r9se Sasfor Ijtating and CookingIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix You UpFor the Use o! BothElectricity and Gas.Paris Gas Electric Co;Mfiiaijiilgsgnu'.i'giEiSl-uv.m-n i...ji-inwii.jH9Clover Hay!COLLIER BROS.Have just unloaded a nice carload of clover hay; also anothercarload of nice white corn. Don't forget they have bothNEW AND OLD CORN 'Office OaiDositc Paris Tobacco Cumberland Phono 9S7Warehouselifr" ? -Home Phono 2S7&A'j'iii.rMtJMJIliJIXsXiGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL. DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137? NIGHT 293,I Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Pari) , Ky1 -? v jioml c te - -- ,ai5aat' ,"5iH,'-.cVclock lute prattlingcood timetryy.iFp----5' - - - - 1-M I "''&-s .V" Str J8jrVvJ&...N,AN3TV- hV!5PI,5it'W- r7j 'T'fr$T 'i'Jfi'ir PAGE EIGHTi THE BOURBON NEWSC PARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1HStl1iKi-MVJ M1CK1E SAYSOESTUfiSENl NNUJtfi t vaiuik m uC MIAe-fC.ruwNU r i nu w i &PAPER BASKET'. T SfcNS,f.n -(vifkn kl -SCCWKt CWt I . wrfc w-NCKE A,N0 U- PKN UP IOOKlf WWt "TO SEfc-T.HM U-ffLE hAP PKRfcONGr tsAV SHOa-fCOrAWiOSRGHT BEFORE IAN ENCSEVERN TIME PVCK V)P-THE ??. "MILLERSBURGRKtHT BEPORE IAN ENESI EVERN TIME PVCK V)P J'' THE PPtPE.K.1 M )A THQiPT "STAMPgU THB-They say the world is what wemake it, but the trouble is some ofus don't know what in the world tomake of it.Mr. A, F. Lange and familymoved Tuesday to Cincinnati.Mrs. Bessie Caldwell is spending the Christmas holidays with herson, Mr. J. M. Caldwell and family,at Paris.Mrs. "W. G. Dailey returnedTuesday after a two-weeks' visit toher daughter, Mrs. J. H. Miller, ofMemphis, Tenn.Annual election of officers ofAmity Lodge No. 40, F. & A. M.,Saturday at 7:30 p. m. All membersare urged to be present. Lunchserved. tMr. and Mrs. R. L. Wilson anddaughter, Miss Aleta Wilson, attended the funeral of his sister,Mrs. Daniel Arrispaith, at .Bethel,Tuesday.Oran Lancaster, Roy M. Sandifer, Gordon Lewis and Caswell Ewing, students at the Millersburg Military Institute, have gone to theirhomes in Georgetown, to spend theChristmas holidays.STRAYED. Two hogs havebeen in my possession for two weekspast. Owner can have same by proving same and paying for this advertisement and for the feed.ISIAH JOHNSON,Millersburg, Ky.(23-tf) Home Phone 146.Mrs. Adah McClintock entertained the following with a Christ-j mas dining: Miss Anna J. McClin-THF Al AMA Aklll lAm 2lAfcjn ll A J!-.:. Adults 27c plus 3c war tax 3fcm"-A"mi mr s " A-mBvlty UKlnV IXUIWOSIUUChildren and Gallery 18c plus 2c war tax.....3cAlamo Afternoon Granjl at NightTODAY, PRIDAYDOLORES CASSINELLIin "The Virtuous Mddel"A story of Parisian life, its temptations and pleasures.PEARL WHITE in The Black Secret'andand Mutt and Jeff Comedy"Left at the Post"Alamo Afternoon Grand at NightTomorrow, SaturdayELSIE FERGUSONIN'The Witness for the Dsfense'AlsoJAMES J. CORBETTin "The Midnight Man"and Lloyd Comedy, "His Only Father"Alamo Afternoon and EveningMonday, Dec. 29thNORMA TALMADGEIN"THE NEW MOON"ALSO MR. AND MRS. CARTERHAVEN IN "WHY DIVORCE"DEand Burton Holmts Travtl Picture.Hear Them Play DERSON MUSICAL FIVE Hear Them SingE. "MWe Can Help Youake MoneyThe right kind oiF printed forms will help your businessprosper by saving your time and keeping your records .in, proper shape.Our service as printers is not limited to taking yourorder and putting some ink on' paper according toyour directions. .We are able to make suggestions for business printingthat may save considerable money for you. Our plantis completely equipped and we carry a stock of"&The Utility Business Paperin order to give 'you the quickest service possible. MMBOURBON NEWS JOB DEPARTMENTi Safe lnyestments68ton good, proven securities, explained in our free .booklet, Investment Suggestions. Write for it.JAMES C. WILLSON & CO.Investment SecuritiesI 210 S. Fifth St.Louisville, Ky.THE UNIVERSAL CARThe Ford Model T One Ton Truck with 5tsmanganese bronze vorm-drivc h really anecessity for the farmer because it solves hisproblem of economic transportation from thefarm to the city. And in farm work alone, itwill be found a great money saver as well as abig labor caver. Has all the merits of the Fordcar multiplied by greater capacity with greaterstrength. No extra cost in operation. We'dlike to talk it over with every farmer. Bringyour Ford car to us for necessary repairs and" thus get the genuine Ford parts and reliableFord workmanship.Ruggies Motor CompanyBank Row, Paris, Ky.CGA7 "VMTHiCMariVJsY'jyf-wi&s5?'&f&&mswsm&o&-took, Baltimore, Md., .Mrs. TurnerPerry, Owingsville, Hev. Julian Mc-Clintock and family, of Richmond,Mr. W. G. McClintock, of Parsi, Mr.Bert McClintock and faftnily, and .Mr. C. R. Jones and family; of Millersburg.Mr. and Mrs. A. S. Best entertained ttie following with a Christmas dining yesterday: Prof. HarryBest, Miss Nancy Louise Best, ofLexington; Master I. D. Best, Jr., ofCynthiana; Mrs. Nannie Hunterand daughter, Miss Patty Hunter, ofWashington, Ky.; Mr. and Mrs. R.L. Buffington, of Columbus, 0., andMrs. W. M. Miller and family, ofMillersburg.The Primary Sunday Schqolclass of the Presbyterian churchwas given a Christmas tree Mondayafternoon in the basement of thechurch. It was heavily ladenedwith nice things, including nuts,fruits and candies, for all the littlefolks. Mr. M. D. Hurst acted asSanta Claus, while Mrs. Hurst replesented Mrs. Santa Claus. The little folks had a delightful time. Allthe rooms of the Graded School celebrated Tuesday afternoon with aChristmas tree. The various treeswere heavily ladened, and thescene about the school building allTuesday was that of happiness andconfusion. After tho Christmas celebration the Graded School adjourn-1ed until Monday, January 5. 1920.The following are Christjmasguests, who are spending the holidays in the community: Mr. andMrs. William Thorn, of Louisville,with his mother, Mrs. Sarah Thorn;Miss Anna James McClintock, Baltimore, Md.,Mrs. Turner Perry, of Owingsville, Rev. Julian McClintock.of Richmond, with their mother.Mrs. Adah McClinock; ClarenceBall and fajmily, of Louisville, withhis parents, Squire and Mrs. A.. C.Ball; Mr. J. Allen Ingels, of Ashland, with his parents, Mr. and Mrs.O. W. Ingels; Mr. and Mrs. BaylesDeBell, of Ewing, Mrs. George Jeffreys, son and daughfer, of Lexington, with Mr. and Mrs. R. M. Caldwell; Miss Nancy Louise Best, ofLexington, and Master I. D. Best, ofCynthiana, with Mr. and Mrs. A. S.Best; Mr. and Mrs. R. L. Buffington,of Columbus, Ohio, with their sister,Mrs. W. M. Miller; Mrs.' EmmaLong, of Georgetown, with her sister, Mrs. J. D. Judy; Mr. BurdetteWalton and family, of Lexington,with her mother, Mrs. N. D. Rigden.Mr. C. L. Farris, aged 76, diedMonday morning, alter a lingeringillness of hardening of the arteries.He resided with hfs daughter, Mrs.Ben Spencer. Mr. Spender and fajmily moved to Millersburg from Ewing last March. Mr. Farrjs was amember of their household;. He wa?then in delicate health, but until afew weeks ago, was able to be onthe street. During the little time hewas with us, by his congenial (manner, he won many friends. Aboutthree weeks ago his health began tofail rapidly, and he continued togrow worse until the end. He wasa native of Fleming county, and thegreater part of his life was spentin and around Ewing. He was aUnion soldier and a lifelong (memberof the Christian church. He is survived by eight children, four sons,S. A. Farris, Versailles; E. C. Farris, Maysville, N. S. Farris, Muncie,Ind., 0. B. Farris, Frankfort, K. L.Farris, Carlisle, and four daughters,Mesdames G. W. Harp, Lexington,W. M.Elliott, Denver, Col., and B.W. Spencer, Millersburg. The remains were taken to Elizaville,Tuesday afternoon, where they wereinterred on the family fot by the sidecf .his wife and other members xofhis family.GRANDOpera DA PIC MONDAYHouse I All)3 DecemberThe Fast, Flippant, Farcical Frolic29A GOMEDYsuite deluxeC.W. BELL fr MAPK SWANEVER WOM HAS A PURPOSETAKE THIS TIPThis engagement will undoubtedly be the biggest farcecomedy success in the history of Paris theatricals. MadeNew York scream for months. Elaborately costumed andIs RIGHT UP TO THE MINUTE;Prices 25c, 35c, 75c, $1.00 and $1.50, Plus War TaxSeat Sale Friday4-DR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and ThroatBOOMS 403-404'TJRST NAT'L BAKK BUILDING1 PHONE 130CAHAL BROS.BABBER SHOPPrompt and Courteous Attention tcPatrons.GREETINGSFOR 1920' - . vWE WISH TO EXTEND 0UB GBEETINGS OF THE SEASON TO0UB MANY FBIENDS AND PATB0NS. WE SINCEBELY THANKTHEM P0B THEIB VEBY LIBEBAL PATB0NAGE AND WISH TOEVEEY ONE A " -Happy and JoyousNew Yearv.VA , . "..-.Posner Bros.y,.-''. ii;VWv S''T'itHi' '-J"ti'JL, ,it 'i.' ,V. vj 't " 9 , f ,. sVyv,, :"..O'- f''J- .' ,G ". ",;1 HOT AND COLD BATHS .,