XTHExw- )-NEWSBOURBON. i TVPUBtlSHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRTUY IN THE - YEAR.ll&VOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESJAY, MARCH 18, 1919u -44P, rUTTLE ROCK VISITED BY $8,000HRE.Property loss estimated at abouti$ 8,0 00 was caused at Little Rock,this county, Saturday night by afire originaing from a defective fluein the general store owned by G. S.Hanks. The store formerly known asthe Soper store, together with theentire stock of goods, was totally destroyed. The store of Robert Hillmanacross the street from the Hanksstore, was set on fire by sparke, andwith residence adjoining burned tothe ground. This is the second timein a year that the Hillman home hasbeen burned. The losses are partlycovered by insurance. For a timethe entire village was in danger ofgoing up in flames. The Methodistchurch was threatened by the flames,but was saved by the good work ofvolunteers.A negro man returning from Parisdeseovered the fire. He promptlynotified Mrs. Margaret Banta, manager of the Little Rock exchange ofthe Cumberland Telephone Co., whocalled every subscriber on herswitch-board. A bucket brigade wasformed, and the flames preventedfrom spreading further. A call forhelp was sent to the Paris fire department, but the bucket brigadehad the flames under control, and sonotified Paris later. JMr. Hanks moved to Little Rockabout two years ago from Stanton.The members of his family as wellas the Hillman family were allasleep when the fire started.As soon as the insurance lossesare adjusted, the work of replacingthe burned buildings -will be commenced. o-B-4 TIREInsure! withW.O.HINTON &SON,Agts. oPOPULAR LEXINGTON THEATRETHREATENED BY FLAMESFire of unknown origin breakingout beneath the steps leading to thebalcony of the Ada Meade Theatreon West Main street, in Lexington,Saturday during the afternoon performance, caused an approximatedloss of at least $1,000.It is understood that the loss tothe building, which is owned by W.M. James, of Columbus, O., is fullycovren. -by insurance. Mr. Jamsoperates the vaudeville housethrough his manager, J. R. Neth.No show was given at the houseSaturday night, but it was said byManager Neth that the theatre wouldhe reopened for the entertainment ofits patrons Tuesday or Wednesday, ofthis week.Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanoBOURBON CIRCUIT COURT .The March term of the BourbonCircuit Court will reconvene thismorning, after an adjourned sessionfrom last Thursday. Judge R. L.Stout and Commonwealth's Attorney Victor Bradley will open the exercises. A number of cases assignedfor trial will be taken up.s oANYONE KNOW MATILDACOMBS?There is an important letter at theParis postoffice, addressed to MatildaCombs, which Postmaster J. WalterPayne would like to deliver to bearer.Anyone knowing the whereabouts ofMatilda Combs will confer a favor byinforming her of the letter or callPostmaster Payne.HIGH WINDS BLOW DOWN NEWHOME.-During a storm which prevailedlate yesterday afternoon a cottagebelonging to Mr. I. H. Maddox, onthe Bethlehem pike under process ofconstruction, was blown down. Aheavy fall of hail and rain accompanied the high winds.A chimney on the residence at thecorner of Fourteenth and Main wasblown off, and other damage inflicted in that .neighborhood. Rerports from other sections of the cityand county indicated slight damageto property from, the high winds.Heavy lowering clouds preceded thecoming of the blow.oNEW HREMEN ON JOB.Mr. V. B. McGoldrick, who was recently elected Chief of the ParisFire Department, arrived Fridayfrom Danville, and has assumed theduties of his position. Mr. McGoldrick, is an expert electrician, andvill make a good man for the place.He will be ably supported by hisaides, Paul Brannori and J. S. Napier. They have been industriouslygetting acquainted with the duties oftheir new position, and will be readyat the tap of the gong to "come tothe rescue."TTJ TTTJ?. CT7-DT7TrT n-n mi hathCPUNTRY.Lieut. Jason Redmon, of Bourbon,has returned after spending sixmonths in Uncle Sam's service overseas. He received an honorable discharge at Camp Zachary Taylor,and is at home with his parents, Mr.and Mrs. Castle Re'dmon, near Paris.Lieut. James Miller, who has recently returned from overseas, and"his wife, were honored guests at adinner given in Millersburg by Mr.and Mrs. Alexander Miller. Afterthe dining, the guests were entertained by Lieut. Miller with a. history of his experiences on the battlefield and in the trenches.Private George L. Frakes (Tommie),. son of Mrs. Carrie F. Stone, ofParis, is now located in France asan operator in the .town of Adamy,France. He is a member of the 22dEngineers Corps. The following letter was written recently by PrivateFrakes to THE NEWS. The letter'was censored by Lieut. J. W. Waller,formerly of Paris, who underscoredthe censorship slip with the notation: "Best regards to THE NEWS."The letter follows:"In The Jungles, France,"February 25, 1919."Dear NEWS:"Don't know that you would carevery particularly for a letter from arookie in France since the war hasclosed, but will take a chance on it.You can see that I am still in beautiful France (not very beautiful to menow, situated as I am.) . My present occupation is that of operator inthe Engineering Corps. I am at astation called Adamy Y., which isright in the middle of the Boise deVignellenes, (or to put it in plainEnglish, I am in a dickens ofaplace.) The 'station' I speak of itan old French box-car on a siding,is which my buddie, our rations andmyself try to make the best of it."There isn't anything very exciting around here.-except the occasional visit of wild boars and wild cats.The cats howl nearJy all night longwhen they come to pay us a visit, andyou can imagine how delightfully weget to sleep vhile that is going on.. . . .This is the darndest place I havebeen in since I have been in France.I didn't mind half so much when thewar was on, and we were in action,and there was hustling all aroundus. There was always something going on, air battles to watch, etc., butnow there is nothing to see but thedeep" woods and an occasionalglimpse of an American newspaper.We get a copy of THE NEWS oncein a while, and read every line in it."It looks now as if we are doomedto stay over here for some time yet.Can't tell from what we hear justhow long, either. I certainly hope itwon't be very long, for the sight ofthe old IT. S. A., even Claysville,would be like a glimpse of Heaven tous boys. Ask the fellows who havecome back. We are well-treated here,well fed and clothed, but that isn'tall. We want to come back home."Well, there comes a call, so I willhave to answer. Best regards to allthe hoys. Hoping to see them allsoon, I am,"Very Truly,"TOMMIE."Private Geo. L. Frakes,"Co P.. 22d 'Engineers. 5th Bn.,"A. E. F.XREPORT OE COLLINS SALE.Auctioneer George D. Speakesmakes the following report of thesale held on the premises for Mr.Marion Ryles, administrator of Mrs.Anna Collins, near Jacksonville:Cows sold for 535 to $148 perheap,- one pair coming two-year-oldmules, $145; shoats, $9 to $23 perhead; sows, $3Q to $42 per head;five hundred shocks of corn, $1.90 to$3 per shock; chickens, $1.35 each;geese, $1.50.Since January 1, AuctioneerSpeakes has conducted seventy-ninepublic salespf farms and live stock.He was in Eminence yesterday,where he conducted a big sale of livestock.ON TO CANADA.Accompanied by a number ofParis and Bourbon county boys, Mr.U. S. G. Pepper, formerly postmasterof Millersburg, and lately in businessin Huntington, 'W. Va., will leavethis week for Saskatchewan, Canada.They will go on the big wheat andflax ranche of E. F. Spears & Sons,of Paris, and will remain throughthe summer.Mr. Pepper wil be in charge of theSpears ranche at Haghton, Canada,this year, which has a large annualproduction of wheat and flax, andwhich commands good prices in themarkets.REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS, The banquet given in the parlorsof the Christian church, in this city,TT, 7. 11ast Friday night by the membersMr. Harry Mitchell sold to Harold of the Adult Department of the BiRoberts a cottage in Henry Addition ble School was one of the most sueto Paris for $100 jcessful and thoroughly enjoyableat tt o , . events of many years. The Adult De-Mr. Harry Speakes purchased Sat- nartment of th snnflnv gm,iurday of Mrs. Pearl M. Taylor kerresidence on South Main street, nearTwentieth street, and about fouracres of ground for $4,000.Mrs. Amanda Clayton has sold herframe residence on South Mainstreet, to Mr. D. M. Plummer, whoowns the adjoining property, used byhim at a grocery. The price paidfor the house was $2,800. Mrs. Clayton will probably move to Lexingtonto reside.Mr. and Mrs. Edgar Sousley havesold their one-story frame cottagelocated at the northwest corner ofCypress and Boone streets, to Mr.George K. Redmon, of near Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Redmon will move tothe property. The price paid for thehome was $5,000.Chas. S. Brant & Bro., of Paris,have purchased the large seed houseof Tabb & Co., in Mt. Sterling, atprivate sale. The builtling is beingdismantled by a large force of menunder charge of Mr. J. E. Taylor, ofParis. The machinery will be broughtto Paris and installed in the Brentwarehouses in East Paris.W. B. Bryson,) real estate dealer ofCarlisle, co-operating with Harris &Speakes, real-estate dealers of Paris,sold Saturday at public auction onthe premises the William Neal farmof 86 acres in Nicholas county, nearMyers Station, to Mr. Shrout for$126.50 per acre. Five years agoMr. Neal bought the farm for $54 anacre. 'Auctioneer George D. Speakes reports the sale of Mrs. Kate Rice'sNorth Middletown property as follows: Two-story frame house onMain street, to S. D. Patrick, for $2,000; five ncres of land on ColJegestreet adjoining J. C. Bryan property,to Mr. J. C. Bryan, for $3,505; twovacant building lots on Collegestreet, to J. M. Murphy, for $1,800.oBEST QUALITY SEEDS.Highest quality Red Clover,Alsike, Timothy, Seed Oats,Cotton Seed Meal.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(feb-14-tf)WE KNOW H0WSpringofManhattan and Wilson BrosCelebratedShirtsExclusive patterns are now on display for.your inspection. You will find the most completeexhibit of fine shirts ever skewn in this city at ourstore shirts of fine Madaas, Percales, MercerizedFabrics, Crepe Silks and Linens; soft cuffs andstiff, any size, any length sleeves, many desirablepatterns in plaids, stripes and solid colors.$1.75 to $10SPRING STYLES IN STETSON ITSAND AND IMPORTED BARSALINOSare now on display$7.00 to $10.00MITCHELL & BLAKEMORENettleton ShoesDr. Reed's Cushion Sole ShoesManhattan Shirts.Stetson fiatsCHURCH BANQUET SCORES Aj J DECIDED SUCCESS.,iinlpn tQ Tr. -. t,c-. ,,.,..classes and the classes of Mrs. T. M.Fun, Mr. A. L. Boatright and Mr.David D. Cline. t,The guests at the banquet Fridaynight comprised the officers andteachers of the various classes of theBible School of the church, the pastor,! Rev. W. E. Ellis, and a largenumber of invited guests from thecounty and from out-of-town. Thespeakers and the prominentguests were seated at a circular table.1 Place cards indicated the placesto tie occupied by the guests of honor,.. -w vim .....vu. a jiwv-jwho were as follows: Rev. and Mrs.W. E. Ellis, of Paris; Dean T. B.McCartney, of Transylvania University, President and Mrs. Thos. A.Hendricks, and Miss Tipton, of theHamilton College faculty at Lexington; County Attorney D. D. Cline,Rev. andMrs. J. T. Sharrard; Mr.and Mrs. J. W. Jones, of North Middletown; Mr. and Mrs. Wm. 0. Hinton, of Paris; Prof. A. W. Fortune,of Lexington; Rev. and Mrs. F. M.Tinder, of North Middletown; Mrs.T. M. Funk, of Paris.Eleven other tables were occupiedby the invited guests. Rev. W. E.Ellis acted as toastmaster and introduced the speakers of the evening,Dean McCartney, Prof. Fortune,President Hendricks, Rev. Tinderand Mr. Cline. The tables and roomswere beautifully decorated, and anorchestra discoursed soft music during the banquet. The menu included old country ham, ecalloped osysters, cheese loaf, assorted sandwiches, hot rolls, beaten biscuit, celery,j)ickles olives, fruit ice's, coffee andmints.The committee in charge of thebanquet spared no pains to make itan entire success. These fellowshipbanquets have become annual eventsin) the church and are important factors in the social life of the body,contributing largely toward the happiness and enjoyment of the youngermembers, and drawing all into closertouch with each other.It is now four months since peaceannounced her intention of visitingthis earth, and she is still on herway.RShowinBLUE GRASS EXCHANGE OPENSTO GOOD PATRONAGE.A ;rhe Bluegrass Oil Exchange, under the supervision of Mr. John M.Stuart and associates, opened forbusiness at the new stand Saturdaynight, with a good patronage. Theroom in which the Exchange is domiciled has been fitted especially forhe purpose, and the cries of the"puts and calls" can be heard ateach nightly session hereafter.Mr. Emmett Redmon, who has forsome time been associated with thebig brokerage business in the Phoenix Hotel, in Lexington, presided atthe blackboard, and made a shorttalk before the opening of the session, calling attention to the objectsof the Exchange and its method oftransacting business. 'Sessions will be held each Wednesday and Saturday night, beginningat 7:30 o'clock, eachnight.and alsoat 3 p. m. Saturday for thebenefit of out-of-town traders. Thesessions will be of the open callstyle with which the local traders are now doubtless well acquainted. The Exchange will be in touchwith trained men in the EasternKentucky oil fields, and a statisticaldepartment will be maintained forthe benefit of the patrons. The business of the Exchange will be carried on on a strictly commission basis.The following report of the openingsales is furnished THE NEWS byMr. John M. Stuart:Banner, .09 bid, .10 asked, 100shares.Big Ben, .90 bid, 10 shares.Bourbon, $1.05 bid, $1.25 asked,50 shares. - .. - .Columbia, .90 asked, 100 shares.Comet, .55 bid, 70 asked, 200shares.Co-operating, .27 bid, .31 asked,2,000 shares. ' ' ' . . ' "Co-operating, .29 bid, 31 asked,100 shares.,i:" So A "-I. J E-AA i.-Himyar .90 bid, $1.15 asked, 300shares.Hoffman, .65 asked,- 300 shares.Kentucky Star, .75 bid, .85 asked,1,000 shares.Lincoln, .90 bid, $1.00 asked, 100shares.May Day, .40 asked, 100 shares.Majestic, .25 bid, .28 askedt 100shares.McCombs, $1.88 bid, $2.12 asked, 100 shares.Old Dominion, $270.00 bid, 1shareOleuniv Refining, $7.00 asked, 25sharesRex, $2.15.00 bid, 5 shares.Pan-American, .50 asked, 100shares.Pelciari, $1.22 bid, 1,000 shares.Security P. & O., .23 bid, 100shares.Southern Security, .12 asked,1,000 shares.Station Camp, .12 bid, 200 shares.Utility O. & S., .15 asked, 500shares.Victory, .60 bid, 500 shares.W. P. Williams, $1.12 bid, $1.25asked, 100 shares. -.Wright, $3.75 bid 500 shares.Wright, $4.00 askfed, 50 shares.Wy. Kentucky, .-15 bid, 500 shares.SALES.Banner, 100 shares at 10c.Bonanza, 1,000 shares at 55c.Co-operating,. 50 shares at 26c.Co-operating, 500 shares at 27c.Co-operating, 1,350 shares at 28c.Co-operating, 530 shares at 29c.Security P. & R., 200 shares at23c.oGET OUR PRICES FIRST.Do not buy anything in theClothing line until you get myprices.L. WOLLSTEIN,Clothing Department.tffSIMMSPAYS A HIGH PEICE FORSTALLIONE. F. Simms, of Paris, boughtfrom William Garth, of Charlottesville, Va., the thirteen-year-old baystallion, Theo Cook, by Ben Brush,dam Climax, by Domino. The horsewas brought from Virginia, Fridaymornirig, and will stand at ThomasPiatt's farm. The reported price is$10,000.Acting for Frank J. Kelley, of Chicago, by whom he is employed asmanager Qf breeding operations and.racing stables, Theodore It. Pricecame Thursday from Louisville andhad the six-year-old chestnut stallionOrmsdale, by Ormandale, dam Wadchcu, transferred from KirklQvingtonfarm to John S. Wiggin's MilitaryStock Farm, at Hutchison Station,where the stallon is to stand. Kelleyrecently bought Ormsdale from R. T.Wilson, Jr., of New York.The sale jto divide the partnershipbetween Squire John S. Wiggins andO. A. Bianchi, held at Mr. Wiggins'Military Stock Farm, near Hutchison,this county, Friday, resulted in fairprices being realized for the fourteen thoroughbred, mares, two withfoals by their sides and one yearling. The best prices realized were$600 for Zeinap; Sonia, $500; KittyBelle Brooks, dam of Sedan, $500;What's Left, $400; Lady Katherine,$175; and Gypsy Blair, $175 to 0.A. Bianchi, and a brown yearlingcolt by Jim Gaffney Duces, $375;Tehara and foal, by Jack Atkin,$300; Polly H., $300, to John S.Wiggins. ' ' Ar- -y.TOBACCO MARKETS .At a meeting of the BourboaCounty Tobacco Board of Trade, itiwas decided to hold the last salee ofthe season on the local market onWednesday, March 26. Sales will bheld at each of the houses all thisweek. The warehouse men staterthat the present sales season hasbeen the most successful in the history of the local market There hasbeen a better grade of tobacco mar-'keted, better prices have been obtained, with a resulting profit to thegrower, the handler, and the warehousemen, all around. As soon as thfigures have been made up lor theseason's sales it will show that thelargest amount of money ever putinto circulation in the local channelsof trade has been paid out by the ,Bourbon county houses this season:They local market eased up somewhat Friday, the closing day of thfrs.week, prices being about the lbweabof the the season, with receipts light.At the Independent House a total of24,385 pounds of tobacco was disposed of, bringing in a money value of$6,602.96, an average of ?26.59.Crop averages ranged from $20 to$40.41. Dan W. Peed, one of themanagers of the Independent, statedthat the tobacco grown on forty -acreson his farm sold thisseason forran average of $675 per acre, a total .of $27,000. No report was given outof the sales held at the Bourbon To-hDacco Warehouse.G. O. Tuck & Co., one of the largest tobacco buying firms on the localmarket, will turn their redryingplant, located on the Louisville &Nashville railroad, near the city limits of Paris, into a tobacco stemmery,which will give employment all theyear around to a large number of employes. The Tuck Co.,. has plans on.foot for the erection of a large redrying plant to take the place of theirpresent one.A crop of 115,000 pounds tobacco.,raised on Bourbon county lands, hasbeen marketed at the IndependentHouse, in this city, by McClure &Plummer, of Paris. The tobacco wassold on the loose leaf market in recent sales bringing a total of $61,-214.50, an average of ?53.23 perhundred pounds.The Bourbon Tobacco Warehousesold yesterday 59,865 pounds of to- 'bacco for $16,640.05. an average'of$27.79. This house will sell dailythe remainder of the week, and wiirhold the last sale of the season onWednesday, March 26. Some of thebest crop averages follow:Stewart & Bristow, 2,150 pounds,average $52.53. - .Isgrigg & Jones, 2,790 pounds, average $48.72.James Clarke & Son, 2,960 pounds,-'average $42.50.Stewart & Bristow, 1,895 pounds,average $40.48. m 'W. H. Johnson, 3,700 pounds, arerage $3776. . . "Rankin & Miller, 3,700 pounds,,average $31.41.Farmers throughout the county rhave been busy burning tobacco beclsuntil the work was hindered by therecent heavy rains. The outlook for "a large increased acreage for Bourbon county in the coming seaspn isvery bright.oBEST QUALITY SEEDS.Highest quality Red Clover;Alshke, Timothy, Seed Oats,Cotton Seed Meal.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO-(feb-14-tf)o- :FIVE HUNDRED YOUNG WOMEHWANTED AT ONCE!Five hundred young woman arewanted at once by the Women'sMissionary Council "nf the M. E.Church, South. They are wanted' forservice as missionaries of the churchin both the home and foreign fieldsand the best type of womanhooii isasked for. "Women to whom ''the desire to serve has come very keenly,women whom the spirit of the hourhas gripped earnestly, this is" the.type with whom the church wishesto make connection for various formerof missionary endeavor.The particular forms of missionarywork open to the young woman ofSthe South are, in the medical, evanjft-,listic and educational departmental,the mission fields. One hundred andfifty are wanted as evangelists anddeaconessesr two hundred and fiftyare wanted as teachers and one hun-rdred are wanted as doctors aaji.nurses. -The calling of these young wobmlis made possible through the -Can ternary 'of the church which is beiacobserved this year. A fund of. $35,- "000,000 will be raised at ones aadthis money will make poeifel thesending of many missionaries. to" Africa, Japan, China, Bracil, Mexiso;,Cuba, Korea and in the home JWkL!SB- vVs2?me?J?-..u SaaftflcftyHa&t , " " .TUESDAY, MARCH ,18, (1919, 1r MGffi TWOTHE BOUBBOH HEWS. PARIS, KENTUCKYv-ME BOURBON NEWSttablished 188137 Years of Coatinuous PublicationJPmblished Every Tuesday and FridayPw Year.. $2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Adavance.WEST CHAMP, Editor and Owner.gpntered at the Paris, Kentucky,"Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)Any erroneous reflection upon the(Aaracter, standing or reputation ofMy person, firm or corporation whichpmj appear in the columns of THEJKHTRBON NEWS will be gladly corrected if brought to attention of theMLitor.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perlech for first time; 50 cents per inchaoh subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per linelach issue; reading notices in blackyp, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candiCatefir obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line. ', Special rates for large advertisepleats and yearly contracts. .The right of publisher is reseivedto decline any advertisement or otherawLtter for publication.Announcements for political officesHEtet invariably be accompanied byjtke cash.EDITORIAL MUSINGS.When The Eire Alarm SoundsThere has been a change in the personnel of the Paris Fire Department,a bone of contention for some timebetween both interested and disinterested parties, or factions, if wemay be allowed to so term the situation. Whether the change will befor the better or worse remains to beseen. But the fact remains thatBomething must be done to smoothover the friction and give the peopleof Saxis what they are legally andrightfully entitled to as citizens andtax payers good fire service for theprotection of their property. And inthis connection THE NEWS rises toremarkWhen you hear the big tower bellon the roof of the fire departmenttolling out the number, immediatelyjump into some kind of a vehicle, itmatters not what kind, throw it intoliigh, and hike out to the fire. Ifyou are in your auto, open the muf4er, blow the' horn, and yell likehello! If you can't make enoughaoise that way, get a few noisy boysto help you out; Haven't you noticedit here In Paris?There is a city ordinance whichprovides that upon the approach ofany fire apparatus the driver of anyTfihicl& shall immediately stop suchvehicle as near as possible to theaearesticurbing and remain there until the fire apparatus has passed.This is, of course, for the other fellowl It doesn't mean it is for thepampered few with their heavy limousines and autos, but for the otherfellow! The ordinance also prohibitsdriving-over hose while in action ata '.fire-. This is also for the other felJow! Even-notice how the fellow who'thinks he is "ft," and in a hurry,1 fumes and frets- Because the firementryifcfr prevent him from driving overtha hose? Such1 impudence In paidmenials! - But, tthen-r $Phen you hear the big fire autotrrc& coming, get an even start andrace along with it. See how Joyfullythe fire boys appreciate your gettingin the way while they are racing Inan effort to save probably thousandsof dollars worth of property fromdestruction. Don't forget to openyour .muffler, blow your horn andyell." It encourages the firemen andmakes their work all the more excitiag. Ask Chief Lancaster and all'others who have been connected withtha department since it has beenmodernized!Then, there is also a city ordinanceprohibiting stopping an auto or anyother vehicle within fifteen feet of afir hydrant, but don't by any meansletthis prevent you parking yourmachine right in front of one-of theaearest to the fire. There are plentyof fire hydrants, and the firemen cankuat around for another one somewhere in the neighborhood, rathertfcaa disturb your car, while thefljLinas continue their merry work ofdestroying valuable property. If youhaven't an auto be sure to get to theftr Hn any old kind of vehicle andsaaaage to keep in the way as much.a possible, and especially in the wayof the firemen, to the very limit ofycr capacity. Also have a bunch-ofctei, frenzied women taggingaloS to offer suggestions as how bestto 'fight the fire. If you are not intoe-much of a hurry, can up cemrai'both phones, and ask where there is. If you don't get immediateattention, cuss loud and long, as anytelephone girl who can't answer youabout eight hundred others attie same time, all wanting to knowatrr the fire is, all in one breath,fought to be discharged for Incompe-The "Fire HazardsEnumerable fire hazards, accordla to Chief Deputy State Fire Marjfcai'Eaward Hite, which are not toto .seen.on;-casual-inspection, "are be-ins: revealed bv the camnaiem. of inspection nowproceeding in Louisvilleunder the direction of Fire MarshalThomas B. Pannell. This statementis easily credited, especially when itis remembered that Louisville nowlives under the threat of a vital increase of fire insurance rates, basedchiefly upon the hazardous conditionof local risk together with thehighly unsatisfactory experience thecompanies have had there over aterm of years.The Fire Marshal and the forcesunder his command are doing a bigwork and the city should thank themfor it. But the underwriters' representatives in this district should beable to do still more for the city ifthey would undertake to interestthemselves in the clean-up. Localagents of the great companies couldinfluence the special agents of thecompanies to interest themselves inLouisville's need; and their adviceupon the removal and elimination ofhazards, the lessening of exposurerisk and the like would be invaluable. Fire Marshal Pannell and hismen will never be able to affect therate situation as would the specialagents if they were banded togetherto help Louisville out of a mightytight fix.Too Particular.Because soldiers returning fromFrance are "very particular" aboutthe positions they will accept, thetask of placing them is much moredifficult than obtaining jobs for civilians, Dr. George W. Kirchwey, Federal director of employment in NewYork State, declares.Home-coming troops, the directorasserts, regard the break which warhas made in their lives as an opportunity to seek positions more attractive than those they formerly held.They are somewhat "gunshy" of routine work, as well, after their broadening and often romantic experiencesabroad. But many of the men, saidDr. Kirchwey, over-estimate theirqualifications, with the result thatthe bureau has been compelled toquestion their claims and establish asystem of "trade interviews" to ratethe applicants as to skill and adaptability for the work they wish toenter.Coxey Plans New Army.Look who's broke into print again!Our dear old friend Coxey, who ledan army of unemployed to the National Capitol in the early nineties,a lot of the huskies passing up theOhio River, as many people will remember, by boat."General" Jacob Coxey declared inNew York the other night that heproposes to lead another "army" toWashington as a protest against national prohibition. He had decided,however, that he will not go on foot,but will travel in a touring car andmotor transportation will be provided, he said, for all his cohorts."General" Coxey said he had discussed the project with many business men in various cities, and thatmost of them have volunteered to enlist in his army.A CHILD GETS CROSS,SICK AKD FEVERISHWHEN CONSTIPATEDLook, Mother! If Tongue is CoatedClean Little liver andBowels.Tf vour little one's tongue is coated, it is a sure sign the stomach, liverand bowels need a gentle, thoroughcleansing at once. When your childis cross, peevish, listless, pale, doesnot sleeo. eat or act naturally, ifbreath Is bad, stomach sour, systemfull of cold, throat rose, or if feverishHva a teasDOonful of "CaliforniaSyrup of Figs," and in a few hoursall the clogged-up, constipated waste,sour bile and undigested food willn-Mitlv move out of the bowels, andyou have a well,' playful child again.Sick children needn't be coaxea zotake this harmless "fruit laxative."Millions of mothers keep it handy because they know its action on thestomach, liver and bowels is promptand sure. They also know a littlegiven to-day saves a sick child tomorrow. Ask your druggist for a bottle of"California Syrup of Figs," whichcontains directions for babies, children of all ages and for grown-upsplainly printed on the bottle, seware of counterfeits sold here. Getthe genuine made by "California FigSyrup Company."(adv)TEACHERS MUST TAKE AGRICULTURAL "EXAMS."Teachers in all schools of theState, with the exception of thoseteaching in schools in cities of thefirst four classes, must stand an examination this summer on the subject of agriculture if they expect 10continue teaching.The examination will be held under an act of the 1918 General Assembly providing for the teaching 01agriculture in the rural schools ofthe State. The Department of Education has arranged with the University of Kentucky to supply teachersof the State with questions and answers on agriculture.The questions to be asked on theexamination will be taken from thelist prepared by the University. TheUniversity will furnish these questions and bulletins free jo teacherson application.v llllllilllllllilllllllllllllH III I III II l Hill III llllllll llllllll III II llillllll II Hill II III III Hill Hill 111 II IIHI HUH llllllllllllll 111llllmlllllllllllllllllllllllllllmllilllffl 1 1IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIM II I (ill 1 1 lllllwiiillll rnGil nNfMi UIS1j18h inl ISTOP PAIN! SUB OUTNEUEALGIA TORTUREInstant Relief! Rub Neuralgia PainProm Your Pace, Head or BodyWith "St. Jacob's liniment." ,You are to be pitied but remember that neuralgia torture and painis the easiest thing in the world tostop. Please don't continue to suffer; it's so needless. Get from yourdruggist the small trial bottle of ;St.Jacob's Liniment;" pour a little inyour hand and gently rub the "tender nerve" or sore spot, and instantlyyes, immediately all pain, acheand soreness is gone."St. Jacob's Liniment" conquerspain. It is perfectly harmless anddoesn't burn or discolor the skin.Nothing else, gives relief so quickly.It never fails to stop neuralgia pain,instantly, whether in face, head orany part of the body. Don't suffer!(adv)NOTICE!Fruit and Shade TreesStrawberry Plants 'Climbing VinesSeed PotatoesRaspberriesGrape VinesPerennialsHedgeingRosesEtc.Everything for the Orchard,Lawn and Garden.Free Illustrated Catalog's.NO AGENTS.. "H. F. HILLENMEYER&S0NS,-Lexi(28-mo)' KLexington, Kentuckyi l 4 P.VioctfvrfiMHc: "hit trip smnlfft-Rnof: in other llllllllllllliilllil1 words, they let you know you are smoking I1 they "Satisfy "!1 t Gt' they're mild. 1I Its the "just-right" blend of Turkish andI Domestic tobaccos that does it and the blendllll I can't be copied. Try Chesterfields today. 11 tl Hi!llllllllllllliilllil The extra wrapper ofglassin Hit it li PaPer keeps 'em Fro ah. ' IISENATOR CAMDEN-NOW HEAD OPJOCKEY CLUB.ft JOILLUKJU 1 ucuuucu waa cic-icuD 2 J n4- nil li rv TTrvT. in"trv TnnloirvY.M "."? !. .3 a MfAn 1aia1J Club, having charge of all the -racetracks in Kentucky, at a meeting ofthe organizers of the club held inl Louisville.Col. Matt J. Winn was elected vice-president and general manager.Sherman Goodposter, State Treasurer, was elected secrtary andtreasurer.Col. Winn, as general manager,will have active charge of all thetrace tracks m Kentucky.Quick Deliveries ByTRACTION EXPRESSKy.Traction & Terminal Co.FOR SALEOne Cypers Incubator; one MandyLee Incubator, and two good brooders. Call Cumberland Phone No.807.MRS. A. M. CLAYTON,1852 South Main St., Paris, Ky.(ll-4t)Furs and HidesWe pay highest prices for iron,hides, junk and wool.MUNICH & WIDBS & CO.,Eighth St., Paris, Ky.,Cnmb. Phone 374.(23-tf)WANTEDTo rent live or six-room house orflat; electricity, bath, gas, convenientlocation.CAPT. HUGH CAMPBELL,Quartermaster Depot, Jeffersonville,Indiana. (14-4t)So Russia is to be left to stew inher own juice. That is punishmentenough.Upholstering andRepairing.The Hicks Furniture Co. hasopened at No. 4 Broadway, PariB,Ky. Phones 840. Furniture boughtand sold.C. M. COYLE, Upholsterer.(ll-4t)Auto Tire Lost.Lost, between Lexington and Carlisle, a 34x4 Goodrich Cord AutoTire. Reward if returned toDONALD B. NEAL,346 East Main St.,(11-tf) Lexington, Ky.NOTICEI will not be responsible for anybills charged to me, unless contractedin person or upon written order fromme.(ll-3t) C. M. COYLE.Lost, Strayed or Stolen.From the D. G. Taylor place, nearParis, one dark Jersey heifer. Waslast seen near Paris. Reward for herreturn or information leading to herrecovery.CHAS. DEARING,(11-tf) Cum. Phone 641-M.At Private Sale!Thirty high-grade Percheron marea and a carload every other weekduring the season shipped direct by express from the faring. Sea ourPercheron mares before you buy. Time to responsible partiesWill show you horses any day in the week except Monday.J. IV COOX & CO.r Lexingtoa Kentucky.Phone, 47; Night Phone 2845Y.or 563-1. ' UHeb-lwvLOSTLost, somewhere in Paris, Automobile License Tag, No. 7241. Returnto NEWS office and receive reward.(11-tf)For SaleBuff Orphingtons and White' Leghorns, Cockerelsv Alfred Clay strain..(11-tf) CHARLTON CLAY..FOR RENT.Store room, fronting on Malastreet in Masonic Temple.Single room, second floor, runningwater, elevator acommodatlons, for'office use or living apartment.0. T. HINTON,Agt., Masonic Temple.Executrix' Notice.All persons having claims againstthe estate of Luther Ashcraft. arehereby requested to present them,properly proven, as required by law,to the undersigned Executrix, or toMr. Wallace W. Mitchell, at theFarmers & Traders Bank, for payment. All persons knowing themselves indebted to the estate of the saidLuther Ashcraft are requested tomake prompt and full payment ofsuch indebtedness with me.MRS. LUTHER ASHCRAFT,Executrix Estate Luther Ashcraft.(14-3t):If!i ;r&A ' "' VvSuo.-"ifc-.-, xfmt Ui.,1 v- V12 I C,r'?.i-' f-AH.it ;- ,. r.'-:!'.TUESDAY, MARCH 18, ISlJvOr "THE B0U1B0H WWS, SVAKS, JLUtTBiUtT' -r "1 V .V-Jq.r 4stmir-r-.-ikI&.ajf)VImurcly WomanboocfSfAe demandoT-To-aayIn the Health and Strength V;of the Wives and MothersRests the Future Integrityof the Nation.We must preserve our womanhood. There is need, greater thanever for strong women. Apparently, the race is not as sturdy asformerly or our women are victims of an over-civilization and lessable to resist disease.yWftf X'Bi . LLjjtijf v rWThousands suffer and thousandsmore are destined to suffer fromthat most insidious of diseases,catarrh. Ninety-seven per cent ofthe people have catarrh. It is notconfined to the head, nose andthroat as many suppose. CatarrhalInflammation may attack the stomach, bowels or any portion of thebody where there are mucous linings. It is no respector of personsor position. Everyone is liable toattack.Mrs. Mary Fricke, 507 BornmanSt., Belleville, 111., was one of itsvictims. She says: " have weighedas little as 100 pour.o: For yearsI suffered with my stu.nach, crampsand severe headaches. After reading Dr. Hartman's Health Book. Idecided to try Peruna. The flrstbottle brought good results, but asI was bound to get well, I tooktwelve.Fifteen years ago, I started withPeruna and I wouldn't be withoutit. My weight i3 now around 200pounds and I am hale and heartyat the age of 63. I can do as muchwork as my daughter."The use of Peruna for forty-fiveyears in the American family .hasproved its worth. If you are srck,do not give up. try Peruna. WtfiteThe Peruna Company. Dept. B, Columbus, Ohio, for Dr. Hartman'eHealth BoQk. It is free. Peruna issold everywhere in liquid and tablets. Insist upon having Dr. Hartman's Famous Peruna Tonic Askyour dealer for a Peruna AlmanacSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here. There andElsewhere.rOKMAL TRANSFER OF RACETRACK MADE. -The formal transfer of the Kentucky Association, race track at Lexington, had been made.Henning Chambers, one of theBoard of Directors of the KentuckyJockey Club, a-nd A. 'J. Carroll, attorney for the new organization, willpay over to Messrs. It. L.. Baker, S.S. Combs and R. L. Northcutt, liquidating committee of the KentuckyAssociation, the sum of $275,000 andreceive therefor a deed of assignmentof all property, signed by Vice Pres-Bay Window Lenses.Toric Lenses are curved lenses,iden Catesby Woodford, of Bourboncounty.Immediately thereafter the deedwill be put to record in the FayetteCounty Court, and by Monday nextthe stock of the Kentucky JockeyClub will be ready for issue to thosewho have subscribed for it.Mr. Chambers says all of the preferred stock, with the exception of$9,000, has been subscribed and this,he says, will be taken up within thenext two days.Secretary G-. D. Wilson has requested all stockholders in the Kentucky Association to bring theirstock to the Kentucky Associationoffices in the Hernando Building,Friday, between 9 a. m. and 4 p. m.,and receive their checks in payment.which have many advantagesthe old flat stvlea.Toric Lenses combine efficiency jand beauty. jTone Lenses widen the angle ofvision and are more becoming."Why not have your old correctionground into the new Toric style?Our prompt and efficient service costvou no more than service less good.TRY THIS FOR SOUR STOMACH.Eat slowly, masticate your foodthoroughly. Eat but little meat andnone at all for supper. If you arestill troubled with sour stomach takeone of Chamberlain's Tablets beforeoveri going to bed.(adv)(adv) mar)- Miss Nancy Dent McCartney hasreturned from a visit to relatives inFlemingsburg., Miss Elizabeth Toohey has returned from a month's visit to friendsand relatives in Chicago.Mrs. John Williams, of Switzer,Scott county, is a guest' of Dr. andMr3. D. S. Henry, on Cypress street.Mrs. Carlie Wilmoth and children have returned from a visit toMr. and Mrs. Jas. Shr6pshire, nearLeesburg.Mr. M. B. Lovell, who recentlysold his property near Paris, leftyesterday for Beaumont, Texas, tospend the summer with relatives.Mr. Wm. Stilwell, a former resident of this county, who is now residing in Nicholasville, spent theweek-end in Paris as a guest offriends.Mrs. J. Walter Payne and daughter, Miss Eleanor Payne, have returned from a visit to Mrs. Payne'smother, Mrs. John J. Payne, in Warsaw, Ky.Miss Mabel Hill, who has beenwith her sister, Mrs. L. B. Purnell,during- the latter's illness, returnedto her home near Louisville, Saturday. Mrs. Purnell has entirely recovered. Mrs. Duke Bowles left Saturdayfor a visit to Mrs. John Bowles, inSt. Louis, Mo. Returning she willstop at Junction City, in Boylecounty, for a visit to her niece, Mrs.Louis Kriener, and at Harrodsburg,with her sister, Mrs. Charles Geffinger. Dr. Marmaduke Brown, son ofDr. John T. Brown, of this city, willreport at the General Hospital inCincinnati, in April, to assume theduties of interne, for which he wasrecently selected by a unanimousvote. Dr. Brown graduated m themedical classes at the University ofVirginia last week with high honors.Mrs. J. J. Rice spent the weekend in Paris as guest of her father,Dr. John T. Brown, and Mrs. Brown.Mrs. Rice is now a resident of Harrodsburg, where her husband is incharge of the Presbyterian congregation. A reception was given lastweek in their-honor by the membersof the congregation at Harrodsburg.A "pantry shower" given by the congregation filled the pantry of theRice household with all kinds ofgood things.(Other Personals on Page 5)LIFT' OFF CORNSWITH FINGERSPoesn't hurt a bit and costs onlyfew centsMagic! Just drop a little Freezone on that touchy corn, instantlyit stops aching, then you lift thecorn off with the fingers. Truly!No Humbug!Try Preezone! Your druggist sellsa tiny bottle for a few cents, sufficient to rid your feet of every hardcorn, soft corn, or corn between thetoes, and calluses, without one particle of pain, soreness or irritation.Freezone is the discovery of a notedCincinnati genius.(adv)rwO-Dr. Wm. Riley. FranklinSuite 205-6 First National Bak,Both Phones, Paris, Ky.d?!&Wilmoth'sFreshHomelBaked Breads,Cakes, Pies, Etc.DailyFreshMeats,Roasts,Steaks,Chops, Fancy Goods.FamousCoffees and TeasWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 3T6vLeague of Nations, paeceful relations! No League of Nations, morewar and rations.oPresident Wilson got home just intime. A "moonshiners' war" is reported in Kentucky., oWhen the peace conference getsthrough, at Paris it had better moveover to Dublin.NORTH MDDLETOWIN PEOPLEENTERTAIN SOLDIER GUESTSFugazziGraduatesAre Preparedto do work beusinese men,want done, and obtain positions with salaries payingenough to live on at the verystart, while students of thelearned professions generallybegin with "nothing a year,"a "starvation period."Make your decision to-dayto give yourself the practicaltraining neccessary to business success. Write us now,while your mind is on thesubject, and we'll send youour booklett ""The FugazziLeads to the Highest Positions," or phone us or comeand see us, to-morrow.Day or night classes.Fugazzi Schoolof Business118 N. Upper St., Lex. Ky.Mrs. L. V. Jones, Principal,Some 300 people attended theSoldiers Social given by the BibleSchool of the Christian Church, Wednesday evening, in the AssemblyHoom of the church. The guestsjtferenet at the door by Elder F. M. Tinderand others, and conducted to a classroom where they removed their overcoats and hats and registered.Twenty-one Soldier and Sailor boysstood in line while nearly every onepresent gave each one of them theglad hand of welcome." A plate containing a nice lunch of old ham,chicken salad and beaten biscuit anda cup of coffee was presented to eachoi them, ana tnen to an present, zvLterthe lunch, Elder Tinder made a fewremarks and called upon the serviceboys to relate some of their experiences. Most all the boys respondedand the audience enjoyed their talkimmensely. TheN boys present whowere from both army and navy,were :Harold F. Harris and H. R. Whit-ridge, of Paris; John Harvey Kerrand James E. Allen, of Lexington;William Crump, Little Rock; JohnStigall, Frank Taylor, Stanley S.Dickson, Wm. Collins, Robert G.Jones,' Charlton E. Jones, L. KaymerJones, Fielding G. Rogers, WaldenMains, Louis G. Tinder, Harvey C.Rogers, Allie C. Detwiler, John L.Bowin, James Wells, Jas. W.vTinderand S. R. Hudnall. About half of theservice, men were in France and England. When all the other boys comehome the Bible School will haveanother social.GRAND JURY MAKES PINAL REPORT TO COURT.The report of the grand jury follows: "To the Honorable Robert L. Stout,"Judge of the Bourbon CircuitCourt:"Your March grand jury respectfully submits this, its final report,and asks that it be finally discharged."We have examined into all matters which were brought to our attention, and have found such indictments as the evidence justified."We have visited the county poorfarm and find it in good condition,clean, and the inmates well contended. We find the cooking stove inthe negro quarters in bad conditionand liable to cause a fire, and we callthe fiscal court's attention to thismatter, and ask that it be remedied."We have visited the county jail andfind it clean, sanitary and we haveno recommendations to make."We. feel that the county wouldthank the fiscal court and the citycouncil for having at last startedwork on the road leading throughEast Paris, and this grand jury desires to call attention to this fact,and at the same t:me it alo desiresto call the attention of the fiscalcourt to the miserable condition intowhich our country roads have fallen.The approaches to bridges are uncared for, leaving large falling offplaces on the bridge, causing greatoiscomfort and possible injury tothose traveling the road. Besidesthis, holes are permitted to stay inthe roads and to become larger andlarger, whereas a small amount ofwork at the start would save thecounty hundreds of dollars that willhave to be spent because these holesare neglected. "We earnestly ca.ll theattentiono'f the fiscal court to thesematters, and trust that they will havethe earnest consideration and attention of the court.All of which is respectfully submitted. (Signed) , "W. P. Wornall,Foreman."NEW POULTRY HOUSELEON RENAKER & CO.-- HmOpMMd a Nw Poultry In thti; Dow Building, ' Opposite Hotel Windsorand will pay the highest cash prices forpoultry, eggs, hides and junk. Our truckwill make trips to the country for largeQuantities of poultry and eggs.GRANT ROBINSON, ManagerNCumberland Phone 361Home Phone 552LOCAL BED CROSS GETS NEWSEWING SCHEDULE.The new quota has reached theRed Cross rooms (100 chemises andthey are ready for work. We give below the month's schedule, but therooms are open always to anywoman who finds it more convenientto come some other day than the onechosen by her church.Work may be taken home with theunderstanding it is to be returnedwithin two weeks.The days marked "open" meanthey are' open td the general public,no especial organization to be incharge, but everybody welcome. Onesuch day in each week.Monthly Schedule For Red CrossSewing Room.1st Tuesday Open2nd Tuesday Presbyterian Church3rd Tuesday Christian Church4th Tuesday Catholic1st Wednesday Presbyterian2nd Wednesday-1 Espicopal3rd Wednesday Open4th Wednesday Miss Tipton'sBible Class1st Thursday Methodist2nd Thursday Mission Circle3rd Thursday Mission Circle4th Thursday OpenSometimes a young man spends somuch of his capital for experience liedoesn't save anything to support afamily on.oOf course, we believe in healthprotection, All the same we doubt ifa schoolgirl should be compelled towear enough clothes to keep her fromlooking stylish.. o rHenry Ford threatens a cheaperflivver, It may be pottible, but is itfair? . - ,t yCANTRILL WILL COME TO KENTUCKY FOR REST.Congressman J. Campbell Ca-ntrill,,of the Seventh District, will returnto Kentucky about March 15 for ashort stay of four or five days, afterwhich he will go to Martinsviile,Ind., for a rest. Congressman Cantrill has written friends here thatthe Sixty-Fifth Congress, being themost important and far-reaching'inresults of any in the history of thenation, was also the most strenuousto its members, and that he can nottake up his duties until he has hadcomplete rest and relaxation fromthe work which kept him at his deskso many days and 'nights in succession.There is more Catarrh in this section of the country than all otherdiseases put together, and for yearsit was supposed to be incurable.Doctors prescribed local treatment,pronounced incurable. Catarrh is alocal disease, greatly influenced byconstitutional conditions and therefore requires constitutional treatment. Hall's Catrarrh Medicine,manufactured by F. J. Cheney &Co., Toledo, Ohio, is a constitutionalremedy, is' taken internally and actsthrough the blood on the mucoussurfaces of the system. One hundred dollars reward is offered for anycase that Hall's Catarrh. Medicinefails to cure. Send for circulars andtestimonials.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Onio.Sold by Druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (adv) mar)oWith a premonition of what theincoming Republican Congress mayhave to do to his pet policies, doubtless President Wilson will feel disposed to put off the calling of it aslong as ne can.. oBAD TASTE IN YOUR MOUTH.When you have a bad taste in yourmouth you may know your digestionis faulty. A dose of Chamberlain'sTablets will usually correct the disorder. They also will cause a- gentlemovement of the bowels. You willfind this to be one of the best medicines you have ever become acquainted with. '(adv) mar)Wolf, Wile & Co.LEXINGTON, KENTUCKYINTRODUCING THENEW STYLESFOR SPRING AND SUMMERNINETEEN NINETEENThe Tailormade SuitIn a diversity of styles fashioned in tricotine, serge,poiret twill and gabardine, portraying the new silhouette.The New Spring CoatsCoats of Cape and Dolman type, developed on slender,straight lines, seem to be the most favored for springwear. The little graces and elegances of detail in thecontour of the collars and shoulders, the finesse of sleeveand cuff detail, express exclusiveness of the highestorder.The New Spring DressesThe narrow silhouette dominates the new dresses, too,and embodies them with a youthfulness that is refreshing. Cunning little pleats, puffings, draperies and theloveliest little sashes and bows adorn these new stylesmost becomingly.The New Spring SkirtsBeautiful plaid and stripe woolens, satin, georgette, crepechene, Fan-ta-si silks in all colors and soft moon glosatins feature our unusually pretty line of separate skirts.Wolf, Wile C& Co.LEXINGTON, KENTUCKYmm ft Jfl" Nyxgiy,NjHjffffN;Sy Jtj?SYiyjgffiifflHwBqdgBtWB'gwwwWiM LHere's the big work, littlecost tractor t-theTHE Titan 10-20 has, been on the market fryears, and has made good vithout reservmtkm.i 10 horsepower at the draw bar 20 honepowerI at the belt. - .A well-balanced tractor that is'tuited to all farm ,power work. It drives easily, affords maximum pull-. jing power for its weight, and is suited in every way to jfh cTCTiOTfit nin rtfferm TxmrV Nnf toft 1 arfffc far hte 1 1small farm, yet large enough to handlCa great vol;ot worje. -r gc-JiUse itjwith an Oliver Plow--.?,, A. j ' We recommend that you use an Oliver plow with' your1 Titan tractor because it means tie best plowingunder all conditions. The combined rolling coulterand joinder buries all trash and weeds at the bottom' . of the furrow; the stop device maintains an even depth ,, of furrow; the plow points enter and leave the ground 'i t fcst, making it possible to plow clear to the ends of y:; field; and the trip rope control operates easily 'f!tni'",the driver's seat on the tractor. " wWe have a full line of .Oliver plows as well as ttSr"KTitan tractor here at our salesroom,C. S. BALL GARAGE' mmmmmmmmmmwmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmQuality Printing!Absolute Satisfaction is one of oHeKequistces or The News lob Piucpanmenc. JK Trial Order3.a31ii-, f" .V-"TTHE BOU1BOHyiiHrairnwoTUESDAY, MARCH 18, 1915.tS" PAGEFOfXT4- 4 - 4DEATHS.-.COY.The, funeral of Mrs. Naiicy J,Coy, aged sixty-eight, who died atlier home in Lexington after a shortillness,; was; held in the Paris 'Cemetery, with !services conducted at thegrave by Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor ofthe Paris Christian church. Mrs.Cpywas a formed -resident, of thiscounty, but moved to Lexington" afew years ago.i BOUNDS.-James H. Bounds, aged twenty,former resident of Cllntoaville,this cojanty; died in the- Johns-HopkinsHospital, in Baltimore, recently,after a: serious operation. He was 3cousin of Mrs. Richard S. Darnaby, ofClintonVille. He moved to Hagerstown, Md., a few years ago, where hehad a position in the Crawford Auo-'luutme orjis. xie is survived uy tiisparents, Mr. and Mrs. John C.Bounds, and two brothers. Thefuneral "and burial took place atHagerstown.f i. WOMEN'S ACTIVITIES.' ' ' ",BASKET BAIL -TEAMfr fSDTCSEHLSTATE TOURNAMENT.Third Weeks' Schedule For RedGross Booms.Tuesday Christian Church.Wednesday Open date.Thiirsday-7-Mission Circle.Work may be taken home to bereturned within two weeks.19.PUBLIC SALEStock and Farm Implements, Etc.As administratrix of the estate ofAlbert McDuffey, I will sell at publicsale, on the premises, on the Burke& Brent farm, on the Jackstown pike,three miles from Paris, onSaturday, March 22, 1919,beginning promptly at ten o'clock, a.m., the following described property:One buggy horse, five years old;One draft mare, nine years old;One combined mare, seven yearsold;One Welch pony;Two fresh cows;Some' chickens and turkeys;Lot of farming implements;Household and kitchen, furniture.TERMS Made known on day ofsale.MRS.' A. L. McDUFPEY, Adnur.M. F. "-Kenney, Auctioneer.(17-2t)Club Calendar.'Paris Literary Club, March"Prophecy.""The most typical part of Hebrewliterature.. The Rise of the Prophets.Comparison of Their LiteraryStyles Mrs. Turney,Isaiah, "The Prince of Prophets"Miss Lillestbn. ' ,Sargeants, "Prophets" A StudyMrs; Lowry."' " '' -The Progressive Culture ClubMarch 20.Musicale.Leader Mrs. Poster.Bourbon Art 'Club, March 22."Architecture in the Low Countries." ;German Gothics Mrs. Ardery.Cologne The Great Magical Cathredal of Germany Mrs. Bower.Roll Call.Current Events in Art.oMcCOMBS OIL COMPANY SELLSALL STOCK.All treasury stock of the McCombsProducing and Refining Company hasbeen withdrawn from the market following the sale of 150,000 shares toa group of Eastern capitalists. Thedecision to withdraw the stock wasmade public by Abraham Renick,president of the company, after ameeting of the board of directors recently. This company is one of Kentucky'smost successful with 17 new completions reported in the past six weeks.It has 109 wells, and has had sixnew completions in the last ten days.President Renick refused to make astatement regarding the rumor thatthe company would establish fillingstations in Louisville and adjacentterritory for the sale of their refinedproduct from the East St. Louisplant.The series of-basket ball games inthe Central A Kentucky HigkSchoolgirls' tournament played' at theJjQurbqn County Y. M. C. A. gymna-,siuiri, Friday and Saturday, resultedas follows: The Clark County HighSchool team defeated the-WinchesterHigh School team 16 to, 4, Friday afternoon, and the Lexington HighSchool team defeated the Paris HighSchool team by1 a score of 17 to 15.On Friday night Paris, defeated theClark County High School team bya score of 24 to 12, while Lexingtondefeated Georgetown 16 to 9. OnSaturday morning Paris in the mostexciting game of the series, defeatedGeorgetown by the narrow margin of18 to 17. Lexington was victoriousover Winchester by a score of 32 toX. Saturday afternoon the game "between Paris "High and Clark .CountyHigh resulted "in the score of 14i to11 in favor of Winchester! The concluding game of the series was played Saturday night between Lexington and Paris, resulting in a victoryfor Paris by the score of 14 to 13.This made the contest a tie between Paris and Lexington for firsthoriors.At the Y. M. C. A. in LexingtonSaturday night the Paris PublicSchool Junior team was defeated bythe Lexington Midget team by a scoreof 32 to 3. In the opening games ofthe Kentucky High School AthleticAssociation Basketball teams playedat the University of Kentucky, inLexington, Paris High School defeated Somerset by a score of 46 to 11.Tucker and McClintock did the bestplaying for Paris. Roberts, star forward of the Paris team, injured hiswrist in the first game and was takenout. In the""semi-finals of the gamesSomerset High defeated the Paristeam by a score of 26 to 21.RELIGIOUS.No decisive action was taken., inregard to calling a pastor at .the congregational meeting- held1 Sundaymorning, at the Presbyterian church.The majfert was, thoroughly discussed, but no decision arrived at, themeeting adjourning to a later date.Bev. i)v. Hemphill, president' of thePresbyterian Theological Seminary atLouisville, conducted the morningand evenine services, his morningdiscourse being devoted largely to ancexplanation of the good work done atthe Seminary. Miss MaryUan Harbison rendered beautiful solos atboth services.PUBLIC SALE' 4. .1OP -Residence ' and Desirable Lot.We will sell at public auction for Mrs. Nellie Harvey, onThursday, March 27, 1919,at 2 p." m., on the premises the following described -property. This property will be sold separately and then as a whole and the best bid accepted.. 'NO. "1 Residence on Seventh Street, near Higgins Avenue, containing five rooms, presses, front porch, gas, water in kitchen, cellar andsplendid cistern. . "NO.2 Vacant lot 55x110 fet, on the comer of Higgins Avenuend Seventh Street. This is ,one of the finest building sites in the city.Tlievocation of this property is- unexcelled, situated in a goodneighborhood and a short distance from the Public School.Owjter is noif-residnt and desires to dispose of property here.TERMS Made known on day of saleo(18-3 t-)v' 2 HARRIS & SPEAKES.."Go-to-Sun4ay-Schcl-Dav." 'Tlie sixth annualr Kentucky "Go-to-Sunday-SchoolDay" will be observed in the State, May '4, accordingto an ""announcement made by theRev. George'-A. Joplin, Secertary.ofthe Ke-ntucky State Sunday .SchoolAssociation. The . Sunday beforeApril 27 will .be Visitation. Day,when it is planned to reach everyperson-in-the State with an invitation to attend Sunday School the following Sunday. The week from April ;Air i -ft,. O nn'11 Vtn PVitlIron'ottA W may o, nm uc uuuuicugWeek.. ''J A plan, has been inaugurated bythe societies of the Southern Statesunder which each local organizationwill buy one or more $50 bonds ofthe "Victory Loan.". jFRANKS CO.:-'- 'LADIES' OUTFITTERSI 'Duroc Hog Sale-!?-AT-&3Mayf ield Farml'4rMlAM -r V'&.j.BBaay wYm9'TT --FRIDAY, MARCH 21, 1919iv-r-:"'jHeadcarry-EvLery animal registered.10'Eigh class young herd boars, great individuals andin tlwbest and most popular blood of the Duroc breed.40"xcellent and well developed young sows, to farrow duringApril and early May, bred to our three famous prize-winning herdboars:-, ;.: - . c ;.; .Si " .. , , . n . jFrie vgmperUltimus ','"f.Sky. Pilot; v;Ewn though you are not? in the immediate market for any ofthk itock we will deem it a pleasure to haVe you .here as our guestob aale Bay, so that we may get acquainted with; ;you and showyoa ourjief d-af -high class Durocs and'up to date breeding plantLunch at farm at 12 o'clock. Sale starts promptly at 1 o'clock.Remember, ther date, March' Eland pome.IAYPIEL! FARMJ.A-ttftTCLL, Prp. j :-TONGTONPKY.1-2 Miles from Lexington onlhe: Rui&fr OaWPHe. -.-Vm1S&?3iiae Ord Oil Excjaiqe(Incorporated)Ar n ' r -tucky Oil Securities bought andmm& - at Open Call Sessions everyWednesdaySaturday .Satarday.k -a m -fM - -7i30p.ni.p. m7:30 p.jm. .4&iitfU)jlV.X"1'JtVI WWp.jm41S MAIN STRCCT '" x,wax xm m. unwir(Confributed)Friday and Saturday were very exciting days for everybody interestedin athletic sports, basket ball in, particular. The tournament opened Friday afternoon at three o'clock at theY. M. C. A., when Paris and Lexington clashed. These two teams arevery evenly matched, and the enthusiasm ran high, especially since thelocal team had defeated the visitorstwice before by a very narrow margin. The battle was a hard-foughtone, and the final score was 17 to 15,in favor of Lexington.The next game was played between the two Winchester teams,Clark County High and WinchesterHigh, -The 'former has much.JLhebetter team, and won an easy victoryover their opponents with a score of16 to 4., The next season of playing witsat 7:30 that night, when Lexingtonopposed Georgetown and, Paris opposed Clark County High. For a whileit looked like Georgetown might bevictorious, but Lexington put in afresh player &nd in the second halfran the scorup to a certain victory,and ended wfah 16 "points, whileGeorgetown fiad 9, In the secondgame between Paris and GlarkCounty, the local team was successful defeating their opponents 24 tc&2.Saturday morning WinchesierHigh was beaten by Lexington b jjcabig score, the Winchester team makiing only one foul goal, while Xexington had 22 points to her credit, diieof the closest games ofthe tournament was between Paris and Georgetown. This was in. marked contrastto the former gamebetween -these.two teams at the first of thebasEeball season. Then Paris was easllvthe Victor, but this score w'ITtct.16. , ;t, ' u '&&?:$Only one' game was -phyj fi$ jeafternoon. ,On account-pftfifiTfegonly five teams representedaejtekmhad to play an : uneven, :n.dmber ofJimes. It had 'been. agjreeX that ateam "wageliminated, when it hadbeen defeated .twice so it was necessary for -Lexington or Paris to play.Clark County. In the drawing it fellto Paris' lot and the visitors were"beaten by a score of 14 to 11.The final game' was played Saturday night, when Paris and Lexington- locked arms 'again. The crowdwas wild .with:8 enthusiasm and when,the final whistle blew giving . .the,game to Paris the score stood 14 to1.3. At no time. did the. local teamlet the visitors get, ahead, of them,and the work of all ten girls wassnappy, f ast nd full of "pep,''.Tnis tied tne tournament cnampionship between Paris and-Lexingtonand it was played off on' theState University floor last night. Theresult' did not Alter the .fact, thatParis holds the championship of Central Kentucky, but it decided whogets the cup offered to the pinner ofthe tournament. Owing to the lateness tof the gamer we were unable toget the result for-this issue.It is impossible to -mention -all-of-the points in 'the entire, , series,. foriindividual player. The beat, workdone bjr any 'of the visitgiswas thatx? Miss Northcutt, of Lexington.Georgetown's team showed vast improvement ver the-flrst-jofjthefiear.son. Winchester High never seemed"to "Ideate her?: players or, the JbaskefcJi(ji&rjc uountjc Jtiigu saoweau gooateam work' '-'and spleidid. fightingspirit. As for Paris, we all knowf thfy mJflffigHXtogtM, SaatoSkermansialii-lhe happystate wfeOTh&;fr$lir'Spkkriamind. He doesn't want to'be Sena-New Busines FirmOpen for business again, undernew management, the old establishedMitchell Shop, at Spears Mill. Weare prepared to doBlacksmithing, General Repairing, Horseshoeingand AutomobileRepairing.Mr. Will H. Hill, who has just returned from the UTS. army service,will have charge of the horseshoeingdepartment. Mr. Hill has seen service in the Government shops, whileiMr S T? TTndnall. who was Govern-ment. instructor at the University ofKentucky, will look after the autorepairing section.WeTwill keep on hand gasoline, oiland accessories. No job too large ortoo small. Give us a trial and beconvinced. Prices reasonable. Allwork guaranteed.Hudnall & Hill,f Spears' Mill, Ky.Cumberland Phone 55 or 41, NorthMiddletown Exchange.18-;2t)We Are NowEarly SpringShowingModels(:.a. ... ; -rsINEVENING DRESSESDINNER DRESSES, SPRING SUITSSPRING COATSDolmansCapesCrepe de Chene"and Voile BlousesandSkirtsFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSv- jr- - . 11 If f f nff r sSS v;; IISPECIALI-For This Week Only$2.00 shirts $1.45The Seam atthe Waist Linetiie Latest Model For Young-Men. , r''-"We've never ha'd a style for 4younfineff:that has been more; popular than tiie'bnesho.wn here. It" is 'made along militarlines, close-fitting,, at the waist-line,' tilthslightly flare skirt; with twelve-inch vent..Has long, soft-roll lapel two-button coat with.slashed pockets.. .They are tailored by. -lead-ing makers and they come in plain blues; "'Jt i. . . 'fi-4Drowns, greens, greys ana iancy patternsBetter values than elsewhereRxmm,;-:;:, $20.00 to $45.00Looking For Good ThingsI-"J Iand the boy knows this U..the;!pli(:r$o find,' -goodrthlngsioT war:; ACompleteliies are.'.ready .in"B6ys Glbthingv Hats, aps and" -r urniSHingg. , ?enq your coysi-nerei ior-tne2?' rf'! (Uiai'i-T-J K"t ,Zf5IBi7W. D ' j: 'tlJilii I" iv I"-i a t? . t 'wj ,vr . i f . w w -: a-m aai aspfai. vai.-i r .and Mbi . - . . ii On-Price Store - -; ' PMklir I f:I':' belt in everything, ncluding;ve;-7 .:r: ." ""' ' ituii(.tan-rftSiK-y4.U..XIxxfxinJLrnf Zi' "JCi 'Tt . J T T' c r,,w. o-'Tr-.v3-" -- "V7Xv''-f1--jr ft-fX';x ;jrSt-vTUESDAY,MARCH 1811919THE BOBIS WWSr- PlMtOlTVassartA&I!t 'I TV Nf O THE BESTNOTHING ELSE'TOBACCO FERTILIZER AND; TANKAGE.Swlft'si high trade TobaccoFertilizer; also Swigt's DigesterTankage (60 protein) for hogsIt pays tb use them.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(mar-7-tf) .I o .JJEW CABJRIER. ' ..IMr. Allie Dejarnett will temporarily fill the vacancy on rural routeNo. 6, until the return of former carrier Owen Gibson, who has been inUncle Sam's service overseas. Mr.Allie Rowland, who succeeded Mr.Gibson as carrier on that route, resigned recently and will go into, theauto repairing and garage business.NEW AUTO OWNERS.The Lexington Cadillac Co. reports the sale and delivery of aneight-cylinder Cadillac roadster toCharlton Clay, of Paris. The" MotorProducts Co., of Lexington, sold toMr. Chas. A. Webber, of the BourbonGarage & Supply Co., a Moline Universal Tractor and International 1ton truck.oDON'T DO ANYTHING UNTILYOU SEE US.Do not buy anything in theClothing line until you get myprices.L. WOLLSTEIN,tf Clothing Department.'ST.PATRICK'S DAYMOBBING."IN THEYesterday was the day dear to thehearts of all descendants of the goodlittle old green country of Ireland," agreen jewel dropped from the sky,"St. Patrick's Day. The green shamrock and Ireland's colors were everywhere in evidence. The day is sacredto the memory of Ireland's patronsaint, St. Patrick, revered by alltrue sons of the Emerald Isle.ADMINISTRATORS QUALIFY.Clay Johnson qualified in theCounty Court, Friday, before JudgeGeo. Batterton as administrator ofthe estate of James Edward "Burrls,furnishing bond in the sum of ?200,with H. H. Burris as surety.Elizabeth "Woods qualified as administratrix with will annexed, ofthe estate" of Mollie Hamilton. Shefurnished .bond in, the 3um of ?250,with Charles Green as surety.. oTHE WEATHER.Weather predictions for the week!beginning Monday, issued. Dy tneWeather Bureau are:Ohio Valley and Tennessee Temperature above normal first part ofweek, normal thereafter, frequentshowers probable.Heavy warm rains fell in thissection Saturday night and Sunday,which will have a tendency to bringput the spring vegetation. Theweather has" been mild, the temperature Sunday approaching very closeto the really warm point. Yesterdaywas a "grey, dull day," and. beingSt Patrick's Day, almost any kind ofweather was to be expected.;i-'-.TINSURANCE.Lightning,Fire,AutMtkIW and Hail' YERKES PEED.(janl4-tf) .BAPTIST WORKERS' BANQUET. .liasThA.Tra.inine School, whichbeen conducted the past wee"k at theBaptist,, church by Rev. J. B. Black.State Secretary of the Baptist Surfday School Board, " his' wife, Mrs.Black,, teacher "of Primary and Junior MetJiods. and Mr. r. u. wnime,-Dallas'' Texas, instructor of B. Y. P.U. methods and works, was broughttn o HtfriTw nvnr.liision Friday, when'the teachers, 6fficers and workers ofthe Sunday School were entertainedby the Superintendent, Mr. J. T.Tucker", with a '-'turkey dinner,' athis home on Fifteenth street.Theiouse and tablejwere profusely decpratedjSh cut- -flowers aimpotted' liplantst the color '"scheme ofpink and wite'being carried out inthe decorations,! cak.es andices.; Mts.Tucker; with a;, corps ;pf assistants,fcsi nfetoaVedi an elaborate five?coulsedinner., after!5 which' various phases' oSimdav School work were .discussed:,Jtev Black as.d his, associate; ajrJexperts, and , tne .raris ouiwSchool 'workers "nave -received fgrejatbenefit and' inspiration f ronv. tbjejjTraining School; just closed. (A;: ' 'fhsocThe guests at.-the banquet werer.Rev. J.'H. Black and wifCALouisvJllejKy.; Mr. T. C. Garner, Dallas, TeXasjJRev. R. O-Goldsmith and .wife, jyir.and Ifcra. ATM." Houston. rMrs.7W.I0.Hintori, Mr. and Mrs. Tv W. Spicer,Miss JBertha Hinton, Dr.iTandj fMrs,WalllagTor, Mrs. Prewitt5VilmottrIMr. and Mrs. Joe James,' miss; rapsyClarkL Mr. Raymond StamlerMiasKathf tie Kenney, Mrs. Richardson.Mr. fc H. iekoaHbaT Smart, Mrs.Patt)ro, Mrs.1 Kemney, Mrs. Cashtkia;SOCIAL Jt&D PERSONAL.Coviinfs and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.for-Mrs. Harry Simon left Saturdaya business trip to New YorkMrs. Virgil Swinford has returned from a visit to Mr. T. A. Garnett,in Cynthiana.Mr. Overton Harper, of Richmond, was a week-end guest of MissRachel Wiggins.Mrs. Wayne Lafferty, of Ravenrna, was a guest of Paris friends several days last week.Mr. A. V. Douglas, of Shepherdsville. former Parisian, is here as aguest of friends, and relatives. " ;Mrs. 'Wm. Ardery has returnedfrom a visit to her parents, Rev. andMrs. I. T. Spencer, in Lexington.Miss Elizabeth Steele entertained informally at her home on Winchester street Sunday with a dining.Miss Fairie Coston, of Ewing,was a guest Saturday and Sunday ofMisses Myrtle and Gladys Doyle, nearParls- Mr. Louis Mussinon continuesvery ill at his home on South Mainstreet. Mr. Mussinon is sufferingfrom a carbuncle.Mrs. J. Will Howard, formerlyof Paris, is confined to her home inCarlisle with an attack of influenza,but is improving. -Miss Ella Walsh has returnedfrom Cincinnati, and has resumed herformer position as a member of thesales forces of Frank & Co.Mr. and Mrs. William Shire haveas guests at their home on SouthMain street, Mrs. Shire's mother andsister, -Mrs. Rosenbaum and MissHortense Rosenbaum, 'of New YorkCity, N. Y.Mrs. Gertrude Smoot, Mrs. Wm.Remington, Lieut. Eugene Elder andMiss Rosina Elder, of Paris, wereguests several days the past week ofrelatives in Richmond.Mr. and , Mrs. Edward Fithian,of Louisville; accompanied by Mrs.Jacob Owens, also of Louisville, areguests of Mr. Fithian's parents, Mr.and Mrs. Charles N. Fithian. 'Clay Sutherland and Perry Shy,of Paris, representing: the Swift &Co. interests in this section, attended a "get-together" meeting and banquet given in the Phoenix Hotel inLexington, recently.Leonard Harney, seven-year-oldson of Mr. and Mrs. Grover Harney,of Ruddles Mills, underwent a successful operation for appendicitisMonday at the Massie Memorial Hospital in this city.Miss Ruth Wheeler, who wasoperated on for appendicitis at St.Joseph's Hospital, in Lexington, sometime ago, was able to return Saturday to the home of her parents, Mr.and Mrs. B. M. WJieeler, on Houstonavenue.Mrs. Henry V. Thompson, wifeof former Parisian H. V. Thompson.fell at her home in Winchester, recently, breaking her leg and sustaining other serious injuries. Mrs.Thompson was reported yesterday asresting very comfortably.Dr. -A. H. Keller has returnedfrom Dallas, Texas, where he hasbeen for several weeks as guest ofhis son, Mr. George Keller. The latter has become an oil magnate, owning several producing wells of largecapacity. Mr! Newsum Keller willremain in Texas, and will take anoffice position with his brother.Dr. -H. M. Hamilton is closinghis business affairs in Paris, and willmove about March 25 to Muncie, Indiana, where he has purchased theveterinary hospital of Dov Boor. Dr.and Mrs. Hamilton have made manyfriends during their residence inParis, who will4 regret their departure and wish them "best of luck" intheir new home.Mrs. Henry L. Terrill and MissSena Rion have returned from Winchester where t!hey were called tothe bedside of their aunt, Mrs. Thos.Hall. Mrs. Hall was badly burnedwhen her. clothing caught fire froman' opnT grate "near which she wasstanding. She was reported as being-somewhat improved, yesterday.Miss Jennie James has returnedtm avisit to Jher sister, Mrs. B. J.rnett1'n Montgomery, West Vlr-gfnlai 'Mrs'. Barhett'and little sonaccompanied. Miss v James home tovisit her. parents', Mr. and Mrs. Wm.James, of Fourtn street.hadas; guest lor the week-end. hercousin, .Sliss Christine Kenley, ofGeorgetown, and Mr. W. F. Dicker-son, of .Cincinnati.The 'annual luncheon of thegirls' J Pan Hellenic of the Universityof -Kentucky, was held at the Phoenix HoteJ on Saturday at one o'clockin'ihe ballroom 'The occasion. wasthe presentation of the scholarshipcup: , This year the cup was won bythe Alpha Gamma Delta fraternity.MissJEUfca- Piggot, president of'1-thePali Hellenic in presenting the cupgave the history of the cup and several incidents connected with it.Among the guests attending werethe following from Bourbon county:Misses Sue Boardman,, Helen :'BeaslgV, Catherine Denton, Louise' 'Tirrier. Mary Turner, Nancy Buckner,.ZViary-Adams Talbott, Frances Marsh,.Elizabeth Smith and Mildred Collins.their loafing place during the afternoon. There were a number of out-of-townparties. Miss Caroline Roseberry, of. Paris, was hostess to a parey composed of the following Bourbon county people: Miss Belle Horton, Mrs. Katherine Davis Craig, Mr.Charlton Clav. Mr. Hnerh Fftrcnisnn.Mr. Woodford Buckner, Mr. and Mrs.Oscar T; Hinton, Mrs. purand Whipple; Mr. Normand Moss, of Lexington; Mr! Kenneth Alexander,' ofWoodford county; Ben Buckner andGerard yan'Cromelin.(Other Personals on Page 3.),:: OSTABS, 'AND STRIPES YEAR OLD,PRINTS. HALE MILLION, - PAPERS.' .,-' Stars and Stripes, the newspaperof the American Expeditionary force,has jusjL entered Its second year. .Itsfirst issue, it -now admits, was shortof the 30,000 it was supposed to be.It now circulates more than, 5 00,0 00copies, and is limited to that only bythe scarcity of white paper. It isgoing all over the world, even to theAmerican forces on the Murmancoast in Russia. , The money borrowed of the general; staff to start thepaper has been paid back." . ,Says the anniversary number:"Almost every line of the firstnumber was written between errands .by one buck private workingin the "office of field press headquarters at Neuf chateau. Its cartoonswere done at odd times on still odder scraps of paper up in Damblaine,where the marines were somewhatengrossed with the preparations fortheir first invasion of the trenches."The present office, over the American Chamber of Commerce in Paris,seems when compared with the firstoffice of the Stars and Stripes, where,in a hall bedroom in the Hotel St.Anne, the original five got out theearly numbers, with a cavalarymanas the treasurer, counting over thefirst francs on one beer table andWally drawing his dern cartoons onanother. There the small staff wrotetheir pieces, corrected them, madeup the pages, folded, wrapped andaddressed the papers, and then carried them off to the train."MANY DOGS IN COUNTY.Up to Saturday, County ClerkPearce Paton has issued a total of2,000 licenses to dog-owners in Parisand the county. 'A Paris banker did a humantarianact Saturday when he accompaniedDeputy Sheriff James Gibson to theClerk's office and secured a licenseand tag for a dog that was about tobe impounded. The canine evidentlyunderstood and 'appreciated the kindact, fsvhe frisked, around like aplayful child and danced atwo-stepto the jingling of his tag. Who saysthe milk of human kindness has goneinto discard?COL. WINN LECTURES.Col. Charles D. Winn, formerly ofParis, lately returned from overseasduty, delivered an interesting address at the Paris High School auditorium at 2:30 o'clock yesterday afternoon, to an interested audience.Col. Winn detailed some of his recent experiences on the battlefrontsin France, and delighted his audience by his graphic descriptions ofhappenings over there where the battle! raged thickest.For Sale ''A Garland water heater, in perfect condition. Price.-: 10. 00. CallCumberland Phone 871.:' ,(lt)The Annex!Are you going to re-decorate ;thisSpring? If so, J?e extend to yoU-,aspecial invitation tb call .and ,fckover our line of Jnteriof 'decorations,(all new.) Ask for one of our illus-THiss James i trated booklets showing a numbeir ofcolor plates of original ideas, suitablefor every room in the liome. A -wordto the wise "PLACE YOUR ORDEREARLY." . - I 'Next door to THE FAIR. .. -S.X BORLAND, Manager.t iVllBS lUitl Llia. rcigUSUU VjrclO u.rar-f'tess. at the home of her parents,- Mr.Land; Mrs. Volney W.Fergjisonnear.Jaxis, last nignx, to a nappy e,iueiMg, who were there rtormefeJt infqrj'mklly. Dr. Charles Miles JflcKinley, ortW. ,59fttoV"l1 Confectionery Store!Successor to Adami & Santi. MlExasxiitaGoatsA-wiNsoMELY PrettySpring Suits andYou'll find it pleasant to review such a wellselected showing. The styles are enticing fortheir beauty and value-attractiveness.Choosing from our displays means exercisinggood judgment.-;t,Dolmans, Capes, Suits, Coats,k Dresses, Waists, Skirtsand Millinery":HARRY SIMON224-228 West Main St., Lexington, Ky;Main Street, Paris, Ky.TOBACCO COTTONsAA6cyd.::nAtfillif.HarrySimon111Florida FruitsBox CandiesUnited States" Medical?ho is a guest at the Fergusjon limine,.guesis speui. a, ueiiB"-" i.mwsocially. The wedding of Miss Ker-gtigon, ana ir. MCtsamey win itui.e,nlace at the home of the rideJec4t,Bin June. Dr. Mcmniey - nas - outIntel v returned from overseas, wnereh:was-a?nembrof-ihe army:nedircal corps with the American Expeditionary Forces- - f' Thel first o?& series of tea dan-mnts was heJdsfromaour-umui six-o'clock in th in caftjot tse pnoelx 'Stotfrl; JLexiiteton, on' Saturdayaftemdon. The return of the former custom-,cturdy fr$p&being the Appointed time of-tfie weekfor dancing .and tea, wa8jeelcomed'bytlryQungr society of Lexingtoaand a host of couples made the cafevi AdamiV Famous Recipe forIH) making deHcipuB Ice Cream,I-So&a" -Wter :.aria '.MixedCorps .; r-' - nnks still lised? ' '-BuiTlce CreanT 3(Made .from Pare Cream)delivered for;'S'ome:,ase..5jj. Fancy Ices fflfcPartte& Jr ,rr tht WEST,; St Us. IIixiiJXMBITONAGEHTTOaIBaED "$JUCDSOJTADA 0I6AXS - i1X1IXUlrou needsome oj curNew furmteeCoftfetn oncir-Now.Lasts Until1stiTMr. and Mrs. HomeloVer!, . If you are floing to furnish a new home or re-ifurnish-yourold home, WEJare the people you viant,to see. t ',; : Our furniture and rugs are the Very latest inResign, :strongly built, and of the best quality.j We put a fair price on our -furniture- ahdrugsland i give everyone vvho does business with-us a15QUARE DEAL. - ' " . ' 4 ' ":1 - . ' - ' ' : ' : ". . .- Pan? ao An Kucinocc Aih inn94 . - :.. . Mtr d. T. HIFHT0N e. -rWP&sIt has been an inprtcedented success, botk ftrus and our customers.Because . our customersrealize that we do as weadertise?! If5 YOU ARE GOINQ JO B i vRUGS OR FliRJMiTRBuy. Now at our BIG CASHMoney. ..& ririrrii. :i-. s-iinarPifcj; .,a.i ; .-jfm -m,m m m mt m: sT I W1MOToSjfeRSE- MOTOR WVifctCcii uHfiAllligNBrartwiwKftNer:ttCftlAtf? i "34.- ,- aiA:WKthWWt&iisi,.-. . ,ftVxTKIiMlI2lvu.Jgt'":? -';': .-t '..-. .- - 'Sb,' iAiUrt tiMc rfi. 'SW a ii:"?Li . VS"? JIT- ' VP .,'. J T-...tjSt. r rM. T ..tjS?,-, - ym..si$' s&v-.-.;t' .wr " -; "". '' MGESIXTHE SOUBBOH TOWS PABIS, XExxuuJLtTUESDAY, MARCH IS, Ml, "r. v r. i .. - . '.c - , a - .- . -- - -y- wp' , ri :-r .t----& 'srAt Once! Stops Stomach Distress!Indigestion pain, food souring, acidify, gas, andheartburn go instantly! Pleasant relief!Wonder whatyour stomach?Don't bother! Here is relief!The moment Pape's Diapepsinreaches your unsettled stomach allthe lumps of indigestion pain, sourness, gases, aci.dity, headache anddyspepsia go.Costs so little at drug stores.Papers DiapepsinUPSET?TO THE PEOPLE OF KENTUCKY.The State Board of Health, theUnited States Public Health Serviceand the Red Cross are united in thisappeal to every citizen of Kentuckyto help in lessening the spread of influenza and the development of pneumonia. Nearly four hundred thousandKentuckians suffered from these diseases last year, and fourteen thous-Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets Getat the Cause and Remove ItDr. Edwards' Olive Tablets, the substitute for calomel, act gently on the bowelsand positively do the work.People afflicted with bad breath findquick relief through Dr. EdwardsOlive Tablets. The pleasant sugarcoated tablets are taken for bad breathby all who know them.Dr. Edwards Olive Tablets act gentlybut firmly on the bowels and liver,stimulating them to natural action,clearing the blood and gently purifyingthe entire system. They do that whichdangerous calomel does without anyof the bad after effects.; All the benefits of nasty, sickening,griping cathartics are derived from Dr.Edwards Olive Tablets without griping,pain or any disagreeable effects.Dr. F. M. Edwards discovered theformula after seventeen years of practice among patients afflicted withbowel and liver complaint; with theattendant bad breath. 4Dr. Edwards Olive Tablets are purelya vegetable compound mixed with oliveoil; you will know them by their olivecolor. Take one or two every night fora week and note the effect. 10c and 25cper box. All druggists.Aetna-AutoCombination PoliciesBADBREATHProtect Against; FireX;- Theftt CollisionProperty Damagej Liabilityi And OtherCasualtiesA. J. FEEAGENTbrighter;EVENINGSNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.Oleotrioity?or ummIt' the Qply satisfactory" way. tuse Setsfor mating and CookingIt's the only sensible plan.Ltt Uf Fix Yk UpFtr tke Use tl fifthElectricity ni Gas;inPark GjuJc Electric Co.www 1 1ate ifco upsetWILL PUT YOUON YOUR FEETand died from them. Deaths andsickness can be .greatly lessenedthis year if each individual will dohis part in avoiding them.Have yourself and family and everyone dependent upon you inoculatedat once. Nearly five hundred thousand have been inoculated in Kentucky. Very few of those have developed influenza, and less than adozen have died from pneumonia.Material for inoculation is furnishedfree by the State Board of Health.Go to your doctor and be inoculated.If you are not able to pay for theservice, go to your Health Officer andhave it done without cost. Avoidvisiting the sick, especially if theyhave colds or sore throats.It is frequently difficulty even fora doctor to tell a bad cold from mildinfluenza. Pneumonia, in nearlyevery case, is following neglectedmild influenza. If you take cold, gohome for the safety of the community, to a well ventilated room byyourself, for the safety of your family, and to your bed for your ownsafety. Send for your doctor, but ifyou are unable to get him, take adose of castor oil, drink water freely,and eat soups, eggs and other softfood, salted to taste. Avoid whisky.It neither prevents nor cures influenza. Stay in bed until the cold iswell, and if you stay by yourself thechances are you will , .not. developpneumonia. If you d6 these thingsand have been inoculated, you arepractically certain not to developpneumonia. 'Cover your nose and mouth withyour handkerchief when sneezing orcoughing, and persuade others to doso. Don't go where crowds are, andif you find yourself where someoneis sneezing and coughing, leave immediately. Local epidemics of influenza arenow occurring and are likely to occur from time to time for the nexttwo or three years, but they can beavoided by any community, familyor individual if they will do thesethings. wBe inoculated to-day!Josephus Daniels will study warship designs on his trip abroad, andm time may come to understand allabout a navy.INTERTJRBAN SCHEDULECARS LEAVELexington EorParis ForLexingtonPansA. M.A. M.A. M.A. M.A. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.6.00xA.A.A.A.A.P.P.P.P.P.P.P.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.6M57:15x8:159:4511:1512:452:153:455:156:508:1510:057:20.8:50'10:2011.501:202:504:206:007:209:1011:00P.P.P.P.M.M.M.M.(x) Daily except Sunday;KENTUCKY TRACTION ANDMNAL COMPANYTER-Spring ShowingTWIN BRQ$.DEPARTMENT STORE '701-703 itaiii StiParisKy.you': "ff-FARMING IN OKLAHOMA.(By W. E. Stilwell)If the Bluegrass farmer knew thehardships of the Southwest, theywould appreciate more this beautifulfarming land. Most of that sectionis watered by wells and a few rivers,the drinking water is very poor, someof it it gip water, which causes akind of colic to most everyone thatdrinks it. Many fine herds of Shorthorn and Hereford cattle are grownthere. Many of the Western breeders go there to buy their breedingcattle. The crow ranch-in Montana,of 20,000 acres, and grazing 18,000cattle, sent an order for 200 bulls.The main crops are alfalfa, sudan,kafir corn and sorghum. Sudan-makes fine hay and two cuttings ayear is made. Corn and gardens seldom make a crop. The hot winds andlack of moisture dries them up. Thewind blows very hard, filling everycrack and.keyhole with sand. It getsin your eyes, shoes and pockets. Thesun shines most every day in winter.It will rain and storm all night, nextmorning the sun comes out warmand the birds sing, and you almostforget the howling coyote and theraging storm. The roads are sandyand they never shoe their horses andmules. Their wagon frames are builtwith high slats to keep the hay fromblowing away. Most every farmhouse has a storm pit in ,the yard. Afew years ago a twister struck a section near the river. It just swepteverything in its path, killed people,live stock, barns, houses and wagonswere blown for miles. The land ismost all level; the soil is sandy insome parts and a black loam- in another. The black loam grows finewheat. 'The land is easy to cultitivate. The four-horse lister is usedfor corn planting. They call ourcorn planters top planters, and theyhave abandoned their use.That country is noted for poultryand many quail abound there. Manyhogs are bred for the market and thepurebred are being established allover the State.The red man still owns his oil andfarming land, and only a few havelearned to work, so he leases it tothe white man. The Indians stillcling to their old custom of selecting their Chiefs. He has to be tested and tried before he becomes Chiefof a tribe. About 3,000 will "gatherat a camping ground to witness andtake part in the contest.The contest begins at sunrise andthey dance until the sun goes down.Their music is a drum and a song ofhay.hay, hay, and a yow, yow, yow.They never eat or drink. If they giveout they lay down and rest, then return to their task. Some faint andfall and are attended by- a physicianthat is there for that purpose. InOctober, 1918, at Watonga, Okla.,the test lasted from Monday sunriseuntil Saturday evening at sunset, andthe Chief's medal was presented byPocahonta, n. Then a big feast wasspread, and they all denced and sang'hay, hay, hay and yow'. yowC yow.HELP THE KIDNEYSvParisReaders AreWay.Learning TheIt's the little kidney illsThe lame, weak or aching backThe unnoticed urinary disordersThat may lead to dropsy aUdBright's disease. .-When the kidneys are weak, helpthem with Doan's Kidney, Pills. , .A remedy especially"foV weak kidneys. ' .Doan's have been used in kidneytroubles for 50 .years.Endorsed by 50,000 people endorsed at home.Proof in a Paris citizen's statement.Mrs. Chas. McCord, South Pleasant street, says: "I have usedDoan's Kidney Pills at different timesgetting them from Oberdorfer's DrugStore and I have found them asplendid medicine. Whenever mykidneys have acted irregularly or myback has been weak and lame, I havefound a box or so of Doan's KidneyPills sufficient to cure me of the attack." Price 60c at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. McCord had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.(adv)0World Hvy With Sorrow. "The world In which we are livingour lives, and in which, we will continue to 'live, Is a world heavy witnporrow and' sadness. The war haswrought a ruin which will take manyyaars to repair. Those of us who. arealive will never see the end of this!freat task. So there is a clear. taskbefore us. We must help those whohave been hurt and broken, and comfort those who have been made; sorrowful. Just because the task lis sobig it challenges us to do our best,to stop playing at being Christens,and to strive with all our might andpower to do our best.Would Puzzle Socratts.Were Socrates itojcome among usnow he would probably want to 3nowwhy Mexican poodles have no ;halr,Manx cats nq tails,: and jmclfists nopeace. v ,, .Nvice president Marshall assertedin his 'Phoenix BDeeeh. -foot, .ha v3ri -r. . . . . s-f erred to eat a little flirt? if hVri Ispecified Sand orroekg 'Phrini-r miahTrt" viva. litL .4.ii.-.'"i.A.-. ' v, Ji3WC I.5: ;;: 3HE"UN".!VER5A1CAR iv Can you doubt the judgment of the following farmers: lllll; -, J. C. KENNEY 11 II. EDWABJ) SHOES " . ' ; ' . WI' ; ; JUIIAKPBANK ". " :- JillAYEETTE BUCKNER . . :fGEO. W. WYATT, JR. ' IIJOE HASKINS IIII ERANK COLLINS HI s J. W. BELL , mDAVID PATTON . "- ItDARWIN USHER UlROSCOE CARMCHAL " nCHAS. HASKINS . fltAll of the above have increased the efficiency on their 0farms with a IIIFORDSON TRACTORLet our regular Tractor man demonstrate one to you. ;;Ruggles Motor Co.Bank Row, Paris, Ky. IllLOCAL EXPRESS EMPLOYEES ATTEND LOUISVILLE MEETINGThe "Better Service CampaignMeeting" of representatives of theAmerican Railway Express Companyheld at the Seelb'ach Hotel in Louisville, Ky., Sunday, March 9th, wasattended by the following representatives of the local office: C. E. Colli-ver, Agent, Miss Mary Clanan, Cash-nler, J. S. Richards, Chief Clerk, Horace Bartlett, Night Clerk.They state this to be one of thelargest meetings of the kind everheld, being a culmination of a series of meetings held by local organizations all over the entire system,and was attended by officials and employes of all branches in the KenITHIS1Tobacco Warehouse Co.''..v.Total Sales for the Season6416,245 PoundsVFor $2,597,002.58; Average $42.47We hold the season average for the ParisMarket and State of Kentucky(Books Shown in Proof of Above Claims.)We Lead theTheBourbonitucky Division of the Gulf Department. It was shown at this "get-togethermeeting" that shippers and patronsall over the country are co-operatingwith the Express Company in an endeavor to secure "better packing,better marking" of express shipments in order to eliminate loss anddamage to shipments while enroute.' EOR A BAD COLD.Take Chamberlain's Cough Remedy. It has stood the test of time andcan be depended upon.(adv)mar)Q .Thank Heaven, the country willsoon have this Congress off itshands! . i ! t 2(,.-BOURBON(Incorporated)Plenty of Room to GetDrive Right In!TobaccoI (hKrMnrtJ)PARIS, KENTUCKYDESTRUCTIVE EIRE AT BR00KSVTT.T.F, TUESDAL NIGHT.Fire swept the business district ofBrooksville, Bracken county, Tuesday night, causing a loss that willexceed $30,000. Maysville was appealed to for aid, but firemen couldnot reach the scene in time. Thefollowing buildings were destroyed:Flannery's department stor, lorhead's grocery, Holden's confectionery, Parson's insurance building MBAThompson & Corlis' undertaking establishment. Senator Byron's 1m?office also burned. 9The Russian Bolsheviki, having repudiated all their old debts, are nowpreparing to contract HW 1QH1 i ji.-fcState!:In!Co.WarehouseJ10fty: - . uua; KDtnuuu-. l .. Vr .- .; .-hM 3lfcf TUESDAY, MARCH 18, 1919.td Bouraoir tows, ,irat ,ranTuc&;pinPrays for Red Hair.At a religious meeting In Pennsylvania a youth asked the prayers of thepastor and people in order that hemight become redheaded. It seemsthat his hair was of a yellowish-whiteshade that was no color at all. He hadheard the red heads were good scrappers, and he was praying the Lord tofire him red hair so that he might goforth o fight the kaiser. There'ssomething in this, too, and there's anIdea abroad that a regiment of auburnhaired Amazons could put a crimp inthe Prussian quicker than a whole division of mere chocolate-haired men.For love or war give us the locks offlame. Los Angeles Times.FORMER STAHIP RATE GOESACK JULY FIRST.Postmaster J. Walter Payne hasreceived an official communicationfrom the Postoffice Department to theeffect that postage rates on all firstclass mail matter will be reduced after July 1st to the rates in force on.October 3, 1917, the two-cent stampreplacing the three-cent o-ne and theone-cent postal card replacing thepresent two-cent variety.. The new Victory stamps of thethree-cent denomination, issued incommemoration of the successful outcome of the war, is not intended totake the place of the regular issue ofthree-cent stamps, and will be supplied only to patrons who requestthem. The design, which is in. purple, represents a standing figure ofLiberty with a background composedof the flags of America, England,Belgium and Italy, the countriesmost actively engaged in the war.Method.-How did you get the reputation ofbeing so wise?" "I talk with a mantill I discover something he doesn'tknow anything about. Then I pretendto explain it to him." WashingtonStsr.. VIf Raymond Robins would be happier among his Bolshevik friends inRussia, let him not stand on the order of his going.CLOTHING NEEDED " FORFRENCH REFUGEES.THEFEW CENTS DESTROYSYOUR DANDRUFF ANDSTOPS FALLING HAIRSaveYour Hair! Make It Thick,Wavy and Beautiful.Try This!OurClienteleGrowsNot Upon Promisesbut uponPerformancesWc are Plonters litDry Cleaning andDyeingIn Business Since 1836Prompt Deliveries .THE TEASDALE CO.625-927 Walnut St.CINCINNATI(mar4-lmo)Thin, brittle, colorless and scraggyhair is mute evidence of a neglectedscalp; ' of dandruff that awfulscurf.There is nothing so destructive tothe hair as dandruff. It robs the hairof its lustre, its strength and its veryilfe; eventually producing a feverishness and itching of the scalp, whichif not remedied causes the hair rootsto shrink, loosen and die then thehair falls out fast. A little Danderine to-night now any time willsurely save your hair.Get a small bottle of Knowlton'sDanderine from any drug store ortoilet counter, and after the first application your hair will take on thatlife, lustre and luxuriance which isso beautiful. It will become wavyand fluffy and have the appearanceof abundance, an incomparable glossand softness; but what will pleaseyou most will be after just a fewweeks' use, when you will actuallysee a lot of fine, downy hair newhair growing all over the scalp.(adv)oIt has justabout gotten so in thiscountry that the kind of man whotalks Bolshevism and sponges on hisrelatives is called a radical.For Influenza!For influenza and after effects,use K. U. Tablets. They build upyour nerves and stomach; rid thesystem of all aches, pains and tiredfeelings. They restore vigor andvim. They are fine for headacheand rheumatism. The contents of K.U. Tablets .are used by all of the bestphysicians of the country.Don't be without them in yourhepne. Once tried they nre alwaysused. They are put up in 10c and25c boxes and are for sale by alldruggists and groceries.Distributed by theK. TT. CHEMICAL CO..568 McClelland Building,7feb-3mos) Lexington, Ky.Word has just come to Lake Division headquarters in France thatthe need for clothing among hun.dreds of thousands of refugees inFrance is even more imperative thanfood. That is the substance of astatement contained in the report offifty investigators of the AmericanRed Cross working among the 200,000 refugees gathered in and aboutParis. The report says:"Most of the refugee families manage to nourish themselves on theGovernment allowance and theirsmall wages, but they are by nomeans able to clothe themselves. Asthe present prices of clothing inFrance are prohibitive, the need forthis kind of assistance is obvious.Accordingly, we decided tdgive foodonly when special nourishment wasordered by a physician, but to continue to look after the clothing needas imperative."It is estimated that the Germaninvasion of France and Belgiummade wanderers of 1,250,000 formerly happy country people of thesecountries.Now that the conflict is over andthe occupied territories of Franceand Belgium have been liberated,,these refugees are hastening back totheir former homes in large numbers. They have no thought of theruins, the cold weather, or theircondition as regards sufficient clothing, only the longing to get back tothefr homes, occupy their minds.In passing their ruined villagesand towns, they can be seen standingin the doorway of houses which havefor their roofs nothing but a sheetof canvas which sags under theweight of the snow. Smoke curls upfrom a hole in the ground an,d investigation of its source discloses afamily of four or live huddled abouta fire in the cellar of a completelywrecked home. The children wearold blankets and the parents workand sleep in a ragged patch-work ofcostumes. To the Red Cross man,who visits them, the mother says:"We would not mind if we onlyhad a, few clothes to keep us warmwhile we worked. My boy has notleft the fire for three days. It's socold outside and he has nothing buta blanket to put around him."The gift of a pair of socks by apassing American doughboy to an oldpeasant at Conflans brought tears ofjoy. The old fellow talks about hissocks unceasingly. Another wears apair of overalls that were presentedto him by an American, as proudlyas if it were a dress suit. Of foodthey have little, but of clothes theyhave practically none.oOld Ways of Telling Time.In remote ages the .laonnpse andChinese used a knotted wick to recordtime, two feet In length. The wickburned slowly and each knot recordedan hour. Phllippl II of Spain is laidto have used an oil lamp for the samepurpose. The oil was contained ina glass receptacle, on which was ascale marking the hours from four Inthe afternoon to eight the next morning, and the height of the liquid uponthe scale would show the time. A 12inch candle, of gvhich three Incheswould burn awny In an hour, Is supposed to have been used by King Alfred.ADVERTISINGMAN SPEAKSSaysMeritone Helped His Nervesand Brought Vigor and .Energy , .iI Want a ManI desire the assistance ofat least one man in this communityall or part of his timer-ona financial proposition of greatmerit.I am willing to arrange unusual remuneration for this workand can give cordial support andco-operation to the man who undertakes it. Liberal advertisingthrough the Press.If interested, I wish youwould give this matter a thorough and complete investigation.Call on or addressT. T. BeelerW. R. Arnold, advertising agentfor the Vendome, the largest theatreat Nashville, talked willingly forpublication recently regarding hisexperience with Meritone, the newsystem medicine."I'm glad to give a statement forMeritone," Mr. Arnold said."I was so extremely nervous Icould hardly sleep at all at night before I took Meritone. I'do lie awakehalf the .night and, of course, thenext morning I felt tired out."Finally, I started losing strengthand then I couldn't do my workright."I can notice a big change sincetaking Meritone. I go to sleep easily at night now and I feel fine whenI get up in the mornings. I've gotback my old energy and ambition."I've got a great appetite now,too. I'm eating regular mealsagain."I'm to take a new advertising position with Ringling's Circus soonand I'm feeling so well that I expectto make a record with them."Meritone is highly .recommendedfor stomach, liver or kidney trouble,catarrh, rheumatism, nervousnessand other ailing conditions of thesystem.Meritone is sold exclusively inParis by G. S. Varden & Son.(adv)oOne advantage a woman smokerhas over a man is that she can dropher ashes in her lap.oWhat has become of the old-fashionedanti who used to argue that"whiskey is a food?"oFOKGOT WHAT HE NEEDED.From the Republican, Mt. Giliad,Ohio: "The editor had an interestingexperience some time ago, when ayoung gentleman catne to this officeand asked for a copy of the MorrowCounty Republican. He scrutinized itit carefully when a copy was handedhim, and then said: 'Now I know!''What is it you are looking for, weinquired. 'My wife sent me after abottle of Chamberlain's Cough Remedy, and I forgot the name. I went toseveral stores and the clerks namedoyer everything in the line on thespelf except 'Chamberlain's' I'll tryagain, and I'll never go home without Chamberlain's Cough Remedy."The Republican would suggest to theproprietors of stores, that they posttheir clerks, and never let them substitute. Customers lose faith in storeswhere substituting is perfmitted, tosay nothing ofi the injustice to makers of good goods and the disappointment of customers.(adv) mar)Wi.OLDSHOESmmwmKeep 8m1IIng.Best advice of all is contained Inthe last words of the chorus of a popular song: "Smile smile smile l"However, you must smile from theheart, not merely twitching facial muscle mechanically, but flashing a message of friendliness and jollity fromthe heart. Burlington Hawkeye.Dietetic Habits.Some people seem to think that avegetarian la a curiosity. A roughcalculation shows that the populationof the world, now estimated approximately-at1,600,000,000, is said to bedivided" as to dietetic habits about asfollows: Strict vegetarians, 250,000,000; practically vegetarians, but eatIng a little fish or flesh, 450,000,000;eating meat about once a week (onhigh days and holidays), 500,000,000;eating meat dally and sometimes morethan once a day, 400,000,000.'I had Neolin Soles put on myshoes wore these shoes every day forfifteen months, then .had Neelin halfsoles put on. They are still in goodcondition." writes F. T: Evans, ofSeattle, Washington.This is cutting shoe bills down to theminimum through Neolin Soles. Anyone can do this if he will follow Mr.Evans example, and have his shoesre-bottomed with Neslin Soles. Thesetough, durable soles cost no morethan soles that give only ordinarywear. And all good repair shops havethem.Neolin Soles come on new shoes,too in many styles for men, womenand children. They are created byScience to be all that rc!es should be -comfortableand waterproof, as wellas long-wearing. They are made byThe Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co.,Akron, Ohio, who also make WingfootHeels guaranteed to outwear anyother heels.neolin Solesm fcKto Mart Ba. O.8. EaLOC.CAHAL BROS.BAKBER SHOPPrompt and Courteous Attention toPatrons.HOT AND .COLD BATHSProfessional Cank,WM, GRANNAA.Attorney-at-Law vBOOMS 401-402ITBST NATL BANK BTHLDIHGkSAVE e LEATHERLIQUIDS cmc PASTES : For BIack,White,TanoOx-Blood (dark brown) Shoes?KEEP YOURNEATSHOESSHOE POLISHESEXF,RDAULEr COfiPORATtONS im EtOPFAlC.VlA MAN AND HIS WIFE- may both derive satisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a great "ving, must surely satisfy you.FtJ A phone brings U3.LEVY, THE DRYCumberland Phone 40CLEANERHome Phone 169if1xixasxilKflHXsWIBourbon Laundry iRAYS & FUNK, ProprietorsConstructive Legfstaftfa.First Lawyer What make youthink we hall not be able to get thislaw passed by the legislature? Second Lawyer It's too simple. Almostany one can understand it It ought tbe ao complex and vague that nobodjcan understand it. Then it la bourn'to pais, .because nobody wooM-sdml'tfcat he didn't understand it. NevYork Bw-Influence and Example.The blossom cannot tell what becomps of its odor, and no man can tellwhat becomes of his influence and example, that roll away from him and gobeyond his ken in their perilous mission. -Beecher.Abtarfefog tht Sun's HeatAccording to an Italian scientist'sfigure a square mile -of the earth'ssurface in air hours of sunshine receives heat equivalent to the combustion of more than 2,600 tons of coal.Big Special!10 Pound BucketiPureLard$2.50iTelephone No. 4 West Fifh StreetI IjL&c, ;SATISFACTION II wSg' ' 0UR WATCHWORD!jj "J-- With, all the latest improve-!! MJT" P-.- Jg ments in laundry appliances Ijjjj iF'o ' .'v-OI' and expert helpers we are JJII ssBfis- -LI tfcr i prepared to do work infe-X LV Jgasfyss.. J rior to none, and solicit xH "l-JU- 5 8 your patronage.1 IThe Bourbon Laundry-" Paris, Kentucky xKXRXMXeXSBXW. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHSNES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pftasant Stmts, Paris, Ky.-iXIIXIxiasK201 SUrk Bid-Louisville), Kjr.fti5y5LZ4Optimistic ThatiQht.Ha who reason rules may with wtfty rale others.At worst, -Germany's new reeime,ds making a. good Impression ln,com-vMflRGOLEN'SNew Toll Rate Effective January21st, 1919Order No. 2495 of the Telegraph and Telephone Adminlstrattoaissued hy the Postpiaster General at Washington, December 13th, a mwtoll rate is ordered effective Januarry 21, 1919.According to our interpretation of this order the toll rate will toclassified as follows: The day rate applies between the hour of 4: St am. and 8:30 p. m. ' j ,t j rjn ' 'v4i4lrrasJHNight rate between 8:30 and 12 midnight for station-to-itatlonSEsages only, shall be approximately 50 per cent, less than any day raUa.but no night rate for leas than 25 cents. 'Another night rate between 12 midnight and 4:30 a. m. shall be approximately 75 per cent, less than the day rate, but no night rata Umthan 25 cents. . ?Person-to-person message shall be approximately 25 per tmtihigher than station-to-station rate. . ' i iAppointment calls shall be approxifmately, GO per cent, higher tfcaxvstation-to-station calls.Calls which require service of a messenger shall take tht aifolatment rate, plus cost of messenger fee.A report charge of approximate 25 per ceat of the station-to station rate win oe maae on au person-to-person calls, when person 4ais not in or will not talk or if party calling is out when connection lapietea witnin one nour arter nimg time.Paris Home Telephone & Telgraph Co.(Iacorioratot.) " mJ. J. VEATCH.District HanacerW. H. CA3IH 01TLocal ManarerebaSaJTarisnn wHh nlr!C 4Send That Next Job of Printing to TheSanitary Meat Market Bourbon News, Best Work; Right Prieee.v"fc-'Itv:M"-"iV-Vf;ftVi r? . .ts?.MU EIGHTHOC BOVHO HXWS. FAXIS, XEXTf CXTii p T , i Mil 1IBHJTUESDAY. MA$CH II, 191$ .. -The Alamo and Paris Grand?1 2 ji lI,t3sW-'.- it i "V-HW-"k-8TO-DAY, TUESDAYWALLACE RE1DINy"TOO MANY MILLIONS"Carol rtolloway and Antonio Morenoin"THE IRON TEST"And Pathe Comedy'Hustling For Health"TO-MORROW, WEDNESDAYMaurice Tourneur Presents"Sporting Life"The world's most famous race the English Derby!A thrilling prize fight at an exclusive London club! Excitement, intrigue everything in a young English Earl's"sporting life!" See this tremendous picture.Big V Comedy"FOOTBALLS AND FRAUDS"And Paramount Pictograph;Prices 1 0 and20 CentsWar Tax InduedThe Paris Grandi .Three Days, Commencing Monday, March 30ArthuJ!i THE BON BON REVUEWith Teck Murdock, Tris Kennedy and the OleJazz Four.ALICE BRADY "In The Hollow of Her Hand"Arbuckle Comedy , Screen MagazinePrices 20 and 30 Cents - - War Tax IncludedPicture Program at The Alamo Afternoon Only.9MILLERSBURG9 'Mr. E. P. Thoniason is among' the sick.Regular meeting of Amity LodgeNo. 40, F. & A. M., at 7:30 p. m.,-to-day.Rev. W. W. Morton was installed as pastor of the Presbyterianchurch, Sunday morning.Mr. and Mrs. W. D. Mclntyre returned Friday, after a tiro-weeks'sojourn at Martinsville, Ind., muchimproved.Mrs. J. H. Miller, of Memphis,Tenn., arrived Thursday for a twoweeks visit to her parents, Dr. andMrs. Wl G. Dailey.Mr. U. S. GPepper, former postmaster of Millersburg, was a guest-1 several days the past week of friendsand relatives in this city, before leaving for Canada, his future home.Relatives in Millersburg have received notice of th$ death recently inMew York C.ty, of Mr J. H. White.Mr. White's wife was formerly MissRebecca Martin, of Millersburg.--Mr. and Mrs. E. T. Beeding willmr ,-2 to the home of Dr. C. W. Mathers, near Millersburg this week. Mr.T. J Judy has purchased the cottageadjoining his' home from Mrs. AllieMiller, at a price not given out forpublication-Mr. Thos. Goodman, Jr., son ofMr. and Mrs. Thos. Goodman, diedsfInfluenza last week at the home ofhis parents, in Scott county. Thefuneral and burial was held with services conducted at the grave in theGeoretown Cemetery. Mrs. Goodmanis a sister of Mr. Thomas Duffy, ofthis city.A teachers and patrons meetingwas held at the Graded Schoolbuilding Friday evening. Membership was on. for several days pre--ceedingthe meeting. The childrenhave succeeded in enlisting the- mostof our people in behalf of betterschool work. Quite a good audiencewas presentMr. T. H. Thompson sold onThursday his grocery stock to Mr R.M. Caldwell,. Mr. Caldwell takingpossession of the store Monday morning. Mr. Thompson desires to thankliis friends for their patronage andasks them to continue business withMr. Caldwell. For some time Mr.Thompson has beenSin poor health.Peeling he needed a rest he decidedsome days ago to sell out. He willnot engage in business at present,? bat enjoy several manths' of longneeded rest.The following out-of-townfriends and relatives attended thefjmeral, and burial in this city of theJate Mr. James F.' Miller: Mr. andlvs.. Till&t Dranem, Eminence; Mrs.""3jrBle Cummins, Jackson, Miss.; MissMary Miller, Cynthiana; Mr. andHarry Burnaw and daughter, Mrs.James Clay, Mr. John Morgan, Mr.Taylor Mathers, Rev. J. W. Crates,all of Carlisle; Mr. Hudson, BlueLick Springs; Mrs. Mattie Purnell,Mrs. Frank Collier, Mrs. Lewis Rogers of ParisNOTICE TO THE PUBLIC. Ihave purchased the grocery stock ofMr. T. H. Thompson, and assumedcontrol of the business Mondaymorning'. It shall be my purpose inall my dealings to try to live and letlive. I hope to enjoy the patronageMr. Thompson had, promising all ofhis patrons the courteous treatmentwhich they received from him. Mystock is -new and clean, nothing oldin the house. I shall endeavor tosatisfy the public. All goods will besold for cash, on small profits, enabling you to secure better bargainsthan you can do on. a credit basis.See our price list in future issues.R. M. CALDWELL.Miss Martha Adela Smith andMr. Henry Clay Current were quietly united in marriage at Georgetown, Saturday afternoon, by Rev.Adams, of the Baptist College. MissSmith is one of our most prominentyoung ladies, having graduated several years ago at the M. F. C, andlater in special courses at Georgetown College, in June, 1918.-She isthe only daughter of Dr. and Mrs.Chas. Bruce Smith, and a member ofthe Christian church, with a largecircle of friends throughout CentralKentucky. Mr. Current is the onlyson of Mr. and Mrs. Thomas WillisCurrent, and is a prosperous farmer.He was mustered out of the army inthe fall of 1918, after having servedseveral months in a southern campThese two young people are promi-T. Darine, of Eminence, and Mrs.Anna Cummings, of North Carolina.He was a man who enjoyed life andfor a long time, with his family,would spend the winter in Florida.The past few years, however he hasremained at home. He wasa member of the Methodist church, at Carlisle. The funeral services were conducted Saturday, at 10:30 a. m., atihis home, by his pastor, Rev. J. W.Crates, with interment in the Millersburg Cemetery.o'SPEAES MILL ITEMS.Private Will Hill, who has beenin France, has returned and is visiting his aunt, Mrs. Frank Mitchell.Private Theodore Carter, nowin France, writes that he does notexpect to be sent home soon, as "flu"has broken out in his battery.Miss Verna Rankin, 'teacher ofpublic school, closed the school lastFriday, and has returned to herhome in 'Fayette county.The ladies of the Parent-Teachers'Association will conduct a parcelpost sale in the school building onFriday night, March 21. Eeverybodycordially invited.The teacher, Miss ElizabethHurnall, and pupils of the EscodidaSchool, will have a "pie supper" andifishing pond" in the school build-nanf in enniol niVnlac -in Ponfrol TTqti 'mET On TliesdaV nisilt. MflTftll 1Rtucky, and begin life under fortunate I Everbody cordially invited. Procircumstances. Immediately after ceeas io oenent or scnooi. ithe wedding, which was very quiet, I oand witnessed only by the parents of ' FORMER PARIS MINISTER RE-the contracting parties, they left for Ja short honeymoon in the Soutlw" Mr. J. F. Miller, aged eightytwo, died Thursday about eleven a.m., of apoplexy. Mr. Miller's generalhealth was apparently good a fewdays prior to his death. He was inthe kitchen with his housekeeper,Mrs. DeWitt, only a short time before he was found dead. On leavingthe kitchen he went to his room between eleven and twelve o'clock,Mrs. DeWitt called him to dinner several times, but met with no responseBelieving him to be asleep she wentto his room and found him sitting inhis easy chair. A newspaper haddropped from hs hand to his lap, andhis glasses had fallen fijom his eyes,on the paper. Life was extinct,death must have been almost momentary. Mr. Miller was one of our mostprominent and successful farmers, residing on the Maysville pike, aboutfour miles north of Millersburg, atForest Retreat, the old Lon Metcalfhome, which place he had owned fora long time. Early in life he wasunited in mafriage to Miss Sue Vimont, and their union was blessedwith five children, one son and fourdaughters. His wife and three children preceeded him to the garve. Heis survived by two daughters, Mrs. L.BUKES WILSON'S OPPONENTSi 14 1 1 4i4f''t'j"l''I''I"'K''I'''I"I"I''I''l'4''I"I"t"l"M''I"H"t"'H'l"l1The J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMBRStParis Ky.Mainand SixthStreetsDay phone 36Might r - . 56or Home 286Motor equipment. .Ambulance calls promptly attended to withlLimousine Invalid Coach. ' VHearse used for funeral purposes only.ouraHiH1fet,XB9rHIBK5lll4liKH. .'. V."B"Rev. O. R. Mangum, former pastorof the Paris Baptist church, now in"charge of the Henderson1' cSurch, delivered a scathing rebuke in an address in his church Sunday" night, tothe obstructionists who have endeavored to hinder the work of the promotors of the League of Nations. - Inthe course of his rdmarks Rev. Mangum said: "If the Senators refuse toratify the League of Nations theblood of those who fall in the futurewars will be on then heads." Rev.Mangum brought out the point thatGermany is more than apt to emergefrom the war strtmger than when shewent into it. vThe Henderson Daily Journal, inits report of the address, has thefollowing:"Rev. Mangum brought out thepoint that Germany is apt to emergefrom the war stronger than she wentinto it. Russia, mighty nation, wasan enemy of Germany, but has beenchanged by the war to an ally, herunlimited resources available to Germany. Italy fought with us, butItaly is the natural ally of Germany.It was Russia that Italy hated" notGermany. Austria has broken up andtwenty million of her peopTe withGerman sympathies, have gone withGermany, giving Germany a strengthof eighty millions now as aganstsome sixty millions beforethe war.The cause of Italy's enmity to Germany disappeared when Austriabroke up. Probably in another alignment Italy would be found with Germany. All or tnis would give Germany power of which she neverdreamed and she would need but another Kaiser to lead . her to worldambition."Rev. Mangum showed that Woodrow Wilson has but taken the nextstep following the step forward takenby George Washington. Washingtonfought against States' rights for afederal government or a rtation.Wilson fights against national prejudices for internationalism. Then -itwas State rights against nationalrights."Rev. Mangum reviwed briefly thegood points of the League, showinghow there will have to be discussionand delay before starting anotherwar. There will be time for coolingdown, for arbitration. War will bethe last thing and not the firstas it was In 1914. Had there been adiscussion there would have been nowar. Germany refused absolutely todiscuss the matter."Lastly Rev. Mangum showed thatthe League of Nations was the fulfillment of bibblical prophecy. It isthe day for which the world has hop-!ed and prayed, dreamed and yearnedfor. It has come."MOTHER AND CHILDREN RESCUED FROM 'EIRE.EXTRORDINARY ENGAGEMENTLexington Opera House, Tuesday,CincinnatiApril 8thSymphonysOrchestra- ' ' EUGENE YSAYE, ConductorCOMPLETE ORCHESTRA, 90 MENMATINEE AND NIGHTMail Orders Reserved in Order Received. Seat Sale Opens Friday, March 28th, at theBen Ali Theatre.Matinee 55c to $ 1 .65 Night 85c tx $2.75ANNA CHANDLER GOFF, Local ManagerLEXINGTON COLLEGE OF MUSICMmrnmwwmiimwm! MtrafflMwout and taken to the home of aneighbor, where Mrs. Grundy is reported to be in a critical condition.The fire spread to the meathouseand poultryhouse and these were destroyed. The damage is estimated atabout $3,000.o ,The war now may be considered asofficially at an end as George Creelhas been demobilized.MATRIMONIAJL.A marriage license was issuedSaturday from the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton, to Mr. HarryCurrent and Miss Martha Smith, bothof near Millersburg. The couplewere married in Georgetown Saturday afternoon. -BIRTHS. 'To the wife of Mr, Wm. Ritchie,near Millersburg, a daughter, theirfourteenth child.Near Ewalt's Cross Roads, tothe wife of Leslie Gossett, a daughter, first born.CLEAN THE SHELVES!Alt Winter Shoes Musi Go!Spring v Goods now arriving;We -NeedTTbeRoom '0Final Reductions!X -zThe foresighted shopper willmoney by taking advantage ofsale.save bigthis finalThe home of the Rev. L. A. T.Grundy, near the depot, in Greenyille, Muhelnburg countyT was entirely destroyed by afire of unknownorigin. Mr. and Mrs. Grundy andtwo children, w.ere' confined 'to ;theirLadies' Mahog anyEnglish, leather tops6.00 values, atLadies' Dark GreyBoots, Louis Heel,$8.00 values, atLadies' Black Eng. oriCuban Heel Boots,$4.00 values, at....Ladies' assorted discontinued lines, o and$6 values at$4.50$.z.aa.- ty&dbSPECIALLadies' Patent Kid Oxfords, Louis heel, $6 val. at3.95sdfinIVLjMen's G. M. English Aft JTW.-O. and otherfa- mmous makes, 4.50 val.ljJUi"UMen's Dark Tan English, $6.00 valuesctL m hiMen's Gun MetalLace, E. & J. makes,SA fill volnnn r 4-"vu voiuca at YUiBoys' Gun Metal A nnLace, $2.50 values, IIIS94PDon't Miss This Money - Saving Opportunity.Sale Now Going On.DAN 'COHENWhere Beauty and Economy ReignParis' Greatest Shoe StoreMiiiiiMiiiiimmniiniiiniinuiiiinribeds by influenza and were .carriedk3t-ShV-"S ,ai jh'- ' --3 &S&p- , M M- idlv-,V J"y.-;ijr -US ft'xS. - r ,. . - "gf tiisjj-.-jtJyf.J3p