V-lAjSiS,tCfTATHENEWS.m.:K-..wPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRT'-AY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXVII!PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1919?$4iBOURBON3BPriEH001S CITIZEN WOBKSHUTCH BOARDS.ON iA nervy young fellow succeededseveral days ago in getting the better of a number of punch boardsthat are in operation around Paris.The voung fellow played a smooth?roTne with the result that he has,nr naa, avu.vuuv.v .i nnmanrnoro iri niaSUUlcWUCJCgood !clothes the sum of ?120 or more,which he reaped as his share of thej?aiueThe man's scheme worked to perfection. He would saunter into oneof the soft drink stands where thepunch boards were operated, standaround a while, then casually take apunch at the board. The numberslie secured were kept in his possession whether they won or not. Inthis way he managed to secure alarge assortment of numbers. Hewould then .get the number on thetop of the board that denoted thefciggest prize, which in some instances, amounted to as high as $50.00.He would leave the place, then return shortly afterward, and take several more punches at the board.This time the number drawing thecapital prize would come out. Theyoung fellow secured the money anddeparted, leaving the printed number behind him. A close inspectiondeveloped the fact that he had cunningly and skillfully pasted a seriesof numbers together until they corresponded to the number calling forthe big prize. This program wascarried out at a number of places,and as yet, the proprietors haven'tsucceeded in "getting the youngfcnan's number" as cleverly as he didtheirs.3ED CROSS MEETING AT COURTHOUSE.Desnite the inclement weather, alarge crowd attended the Red CrossjToni Moore, in "Brown From Har-meeting at the court house yesterday afternoon. Reports of differentcommittees were read and adopted.A board of directors of twelve members was elected to serve for the ensuing year. This board will hold ameeting Monday at which time theofficers for the year will be elected.Following the business sessions aninteresting address was delivered byMr. H. T. Hornung, of Cleveland,O., who served overseas as Chaplainwith the American ExpeditionaryForces. Mr. Hornung urged upon hishearers the importance of .the Jocalwork of the Red Cross. A house-tohouse canvass will be made in thecity in the interest of the Red Cross,as a basis for the educational, recreational and sanitary work of theorganization.KRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSFALLSHOWINGOFCOATSSUITSDRESSESSKIRTSWAISTSFRANK & CO.LADIES't Automobile Delivery , .-.vSET YOUB, TIMEPIECES HOTJESLOW SUNDAY NIGHTAt exactly midnight next Sunday, October 26, there will be achange of time that will for a whilebe somewhat confusing, but to whichwe will all get accustomed in a shortwhile. The clocks and watches willhave to be set back an hour at thattime, or before, m order to make certain that you are right up to datewith your timepieces. It has beenstated that the best way is to set alltimepieces back an hour on Saturdaynight before retiring, so that youwill be sure to have the right timethe next day.While the change in time will notsuit everyone, it will be a Godsend tothe fellow who likes to take an addiional nap before he rises to begin the daily grind. It will givehim an hour more, but, on the otherhand, will make him more troubleat the other end of the day. Altogether, the time as it has- beenunder the daylight saving regulation, would be far more acceptable to most of us.Don't get in a "jam" Mondaymorning by neglecting to set yourwatch or clock back an hour on Saturday night or on Sunday morning.This is most important, and will bethe means of saving a great deal oftrouble.-AT THE PARIS GRAND AND THEALAMO THEATRE.To-day, Friday, October 24 Dorothy Gish, in "Out of Luck;" AnneLuther and Charles Hutchison, in"The Great Gamble:"At the Alamo tomorrow afternoon,Saturday, October 25 Nazimova, in"The Brat;" at the Alamo, nightvard;" Bill Parsons Comedy,"They're Off!" James J. Corbitt, in"The Midnight Man." At The ParisGrand, night Nazimova, in "TheBrat "Monday, October 27 Mary Pickford, in "Esmerelda;" James Montgomery Flagg Comedy, "The Con inEconomy;" Burton Holmes TravelPictures.WARMER UNDERWEAR FORCOOLER WEATHERBoth wool and cotton in two-pieceand union suits; the kind that fitthe garment up.J, W. DAVIS &CO.OUTFITTERSSENATOR BECKHAM SPEAKS TOA LARGE AUDIENCEA heavy fall of rain failed to keep)the Democrats of Bourbon countyfrom hearing United Spates SenatorJ. C. W. Beckham, who spoke at thecourt house in this city, Tuesday afternoon. Senator Beckham was introducedby Judge Denis Dundon, and spokefor about an hour and a half. Hisaddress aroused -his audience to frequent bursts of enthusiasm. He eulogized President Wilson and. said hiswonderful achievements for the benefit and betterment of mankind hadplaced him in the front ranks of the'great men of history. Democraticfsuccess this fall would show thePresident that his sacrifice of healthhad not been made in vain, he declared. The address throughout was devoid of abuse. The Senator compar-fed the past records of y the two candi-.dates for Governor, as' well as that ofthe two .political parties, and said'that should be a sufficient guide tO(every good citizen as to how he'should cast his vote at the electionin November. He said that the twolast legislative sessions in Kentuckyunder the administration of formerGovernor Stanley, had performedmore constructive legislation thanhad been done under Republicanrule for many years. He discussedthe Federal reserve system asidetrom tne war legislation, as one oil4-Yia imncf iTYitinrtQiit nionoc rf lofHslfl.-'tion performed by the Democrats.Senator Beckham was followed byCongressman Allen Barkley, of Paducah, who' spoke for only a fewmoments. He denounced the practices of the Republicans in their efforts to discredit President Wilson,and was roundly cheered during thecourse of his remarks."COME ALONG" TO THE GRANDTUESDAY NIGHT.Tuesday, October 28, is the datethat "Come Along" will be seen atthe Grand Opera House, and comingas it does, direct from the NoraBayes Theatre, New York, localaudiences will witness one of theup-to-date snappy girl shows thatthat has had the approval of the firstcity of the land. One of the primefeatures of the production that willbe presented by a company of 35 people is the likeable and handsomechorus-and it is safe to predict thatParis has seen no prettier girls norbetter dancers than these cleverchoristers.It's like being on Broadway andviewimr the latest and niftiest ineverything that is attractive' frontyjaceLved from every .county In Kenfeminine standpoint to see the costumes worn by the "Come Alongchorus, and not the least attractivefeature of the show is the ability todisplay these same costumes, whichmeans that figures as well as prettyfaces are one of he principal assetsof this merry musical show.Bide Dudley, of ,the New YorkWorld is the author of the cleverlines of the show and the tunes arethe sort that linger in the memory,making a pleasing combination thatplaces 'this musical comedy in thefront rank of likeable shows. Theseat sale will open Saturday atbox office, and those who like highclass entertainment, catchy musicand clean, wholesome comedy withsettings that are colorful and pleasing, should see "Come Along."oIN THE COUNTY COURTCharged with failure to send histwelve-year-old daughter to school,Arthur Stivers, of the Jackstown,was fined $13.50 in the CountyCourt by County Judge George Batterton. under the provisions of thecompulsory school attendance act.Will Flowers, coiorea, claiminghis home to be "somewhere in theSouth," was given a jail sentence offifty days at hard labor and fined$50 for carrying concealed a deadlyweapon. Flowers was also assesseda fine of $50 for flourishing a revolver on a public highway.Walter Trotter, colored, arrestedby County Game Warden DouglasThomas, Sr., on a charge of violatingthe game laws by hunting rabbitsout of season, was fined the limit byJudge Batterton, who assessed him$23.50.William Feeback, a white farmere DnurKnn nnnTit.v. was assessed afine of $23.50 by Judge Batterton, inthe County Court, Wednesday, on acharge of shooting rabbits out oiseason. The arrest was made byCounty Game Warden DouglasThomas, Sr. Mr. Thomas and JudgeBatterton serve notice that no mercywill be shown to violators of thegame law, no matter what theirstation in life.o -PROMINENT SPEAKER TO VISITPARIS.Hon. Wilbur R. Crafts, of Washington, D. C, one of the foremostprohibition speakers in the country,will deliver an address in Paris, onFriday evening, October 31, in theinterest of the State-wide Prohibition campaign. Mr. traits winspeak also on the same day atother places in the county, to beselected by the county committee.oPUBLIC SPEAKING.Congressman J. Campbell Cantrilladdressed a large audience at ther.inv'R Hross Roads School houselast night in the interest of theDemocratic State ticket, following abox party held for the benefit of theChildren's Home, in Louisville. Thespeaking liad been scheduled .forCenterville, but was changed. .MAKES STRANGE DISCOVERYEOR A DRY COMMUNITY.Strange things are continuallyhappening, and the old saying that"truth is stronger than fiction" hasagain been demonstrated. This timethe scene is laid in the rear of Mr.John Merringer's property on Mainstreet, where laborers made a richstrike, while digging a foundationfor a garage to be erected ' there.While engaged in this work ashovel wielded by one of the men,who had been throwing out dirtand a thick layer of ashes from theexcavation, struck something thatgave forth, an unusual sound. Everybody stopped work at the yell of astonishment that went up from thelaborer when he uncovered a pintbottle of bottled in bond whiskeythat had from the appearance of thereceptacle been buried there for"many years. No one could accountfor its being in that locality, at leastremaining there undiscovered solong, but the most plausible explanation was given by a newspaper(man, who happened to be aroundshortly after. The property next tothe Merringer place, now occupied byAlbert Anthon as a butcher shop,was owned at least thirty years agoby Mike Carmody, and used by himas a saloon. It was the belief thatthe bottle of wet goods had beenhidden in the ash pile by one of hiscustomers and forgotten. The bottle was donated to the Massie Memorial Hospital to be added to thestore of remedies at that institution.Since the discovery Mr. Merringerhas been swamped by offers of freelabor by parties who are perhaps ofthe opinion that there may yet be inthe vicinity a treasure trove of bottles of the same kind of booze. Hisgreatest trouble has been to keepthem from digging up the wholeplace.o .SHRINERS BIG AUTO AND STYLESHOW.The Shriners' Festival, Auto,Style and Tobacco Show, to be heldin the new Phoenix Garage, Nov. 4to 8, is being more extensively advertised than anything of the kindwhich has ever been held in Lexington. Roger Nichols is in charge of advertising and no section of the central part of the State is being neglected. Slides are being displayed inthirty-six motion picture shows andnewspaper space and posters are being used extensive.The tobacco show promises to beone of the big features of the exhibit. JSntries have already been re-tucky where tobacco is grown and.some fine specimens of the plantshould be on display. The prizesoffered in the various tobacco classesare said to be the largest ever offeredin a tobacco competition.Decoration of the building has already been contracted for and thisfeature of the preparations alonewill amount to several hundred dollars. The Shriners' band of Covington has been secured to play eachday during the show. In addition tothe1 concerts there will be vaudevilleand dancing daily and exhibitions offall fashions on living models, bothmen and women, from Chicago andNew York.oICE PLANT CLOSES FOR PRESENTSEASON.The Paris Ice Manufacturing Co.closed its plant for the present season Tuesday night, after a successfulrun. Mr. J. B. Graziani, who hasbeen associated with Mr. Phil Nippert, in conducting the affairs of theplant, has returned to Covington toreside until the opening of next season. Mr. Graziani's return to Parisis always regarded as a sure sign ofthe return of Spring, as surely asthe bluebirds,, come back.Mr. Nippert stated yesterday thatin spite of the handicaps he workedunder, the past season had been asuccessful one, and that the management had done everything in theirpower to keep the people of Parissupplied with ice. Improvementsare contemplated for next seasonthat will place the plant in the forefront of local enterprises, and enable it to keep up with any demandmade upon its facilities.oj ANNUAL CONVENTION OE KENTUCKY WAR MOTHERS.The first annual convention of theKentucky Chapter of American WarMothers will be held in the ParishHouse, corner Market and Churchstreets, Lexington, October 28.The Board of Directors, composedof officers and county War Mothers,will meet at 9 a. m. The conventionproper will begin at 10:30 a. m.The mother of every son anddaughter who served in the army ornavy is urged to attend. Only delegates may vote. The County WarMothers are delegates by virtue oftheir office. In addition each County Unit is entitled to one delegatefor every fifteen members.An interesting and profitable program is being planned with reportsfrom the National convention, addresses by Miss Mary E. Sweeneyand others, songs by a quartette ofsoldier boys, etc.o! CANDIDATE INITIATED.' At the regular meeting of A. J.Lovely Co., No. 34, Uniform Rank,'Knights of Pythias, was held Wednesday night with a full attendance.Capt. Wm. W. Dudley put "thesoldiers" through the drill. One candidate, Mr. J. B. Peterson, of nearMillersburg, was given the initiatory'degree. ' J ' ' - IPREDICTS BIG DEMAND IX)R TOBACCO LAND.With the opening of the loose leaftobacco market in this city in December, a greater demand for farmlands with unprecedented sales athigh prices is predicted by Parisreal estate men, who believe thesales of fanui lands will increasethroughout the year, since the demand, especially for small tracts, isvery heavy.Kentucky and other tobaccogrowing States in the nation willproduce more tobacco in the comingyear because of the lessened production in the European countries sincethe world war, and internal troubles. Russia, Turkey and Mexico, allproducing a large amount of tobaccoannually, will yield nothing - liketheir normal production. Bourboncounty dealers believe the demandfor farm lands in both large andsmall tracts will be very materiallyincreased soon. These views meetthe approval of tobacco growers andtenants, who have been approachedon the subject. When the annual"cropping" time comes around therewill be much speculation as to"how many acres this time?"oMISS GLASS TO WED IN WASHINGTON, NOV, 1.An important Washington socialevent will occur on Nov. 1, whenMary Archer Glass, daughter of Secretary of the Treasury and Mrs.Glass, is married to John GuerrantBoatwright.The wedding will take place inWashington, as Secretary and Mrs.Glass are closing their Lynchburghome for the season.It is anticipated that the affairwill be the most brilliant of theearly season. Besides being a daughter of a cabinet member, Miss Glasshas, a wide circle of personal friendsat the Capital among whom she isextremely popular. Alerady thesocial calendar is filled with partiesin her honor.o :CORN AND TOBACCO DAMAGED.r T " . JThe warm, wet wether pf Jastweek is said to have daniaged -cornin the shock to a coasYderable de-gree, judging from repQrfs, cpmjngfrom reliable f armers, J is iso re--portedthat a great dfal of damacehas been done to tobacco Tfclrfifcdrecently been housednd -'-hdf' nqthad titme to cure up , ometof it abadly darkened and some is y almostruined.r o Tc , VTHE BEST INSURANCE.Insure your tobacco in thebarn against Fire and Windstorm withYERKES & PEED,Farmers & Traders Bank.(augl5-tf)WE KNOW HOWWe Honestly Believe that We are Rendering a Service to the Men of Paris inRecommending and SellingSTBIN-BLOCHSMART CLOTHESTrue economy does not consist of buying articles because they are low priced. Frequently thepurchase of a low priced suit may prove to be thegreatest extravagance. The measure ot economyis to be found in the measure of value.There are are no clothes made where the measure of value is greater than in STEIN-BLOCHSMART CLOTHES where you will find such acomplete and satisfying combination of tailoring,style, high quality of material, and all other factorsthat enter into genuine worth.We know, from our long experience in theclothing business, that we could offer you no betterclothes at at any price. No better are made. Andit is a great source of satisfaction to us to be able tooffer such clothes at prices you would ordinarily expect to pay for clothes of inferior quality.Prices $25.00 to $60.00MITCHELL &Stetson HatsManhattan ShirtsNOTES OF THE Y. M. C. A.At the special meeting of the Y.M. C. A. Board of Directors lastnight Mr. W. O. Hinton was elected general chairman for the comimsfinancial campaign. Mr. Jim Caldwell and A, B. Hancock were elected as generals of the two eampaigm"armies."Bourbon county is participating'in the State campaign, which is - ,.part of the larger South-wide cam-paign, including eleven States, andTembraces causes for which the Association servesr including the later-nationalCommittee of the Y. M- "C. A. home and foreign work, th&training of secretaries at Chicagoand Nashville, for the permanentequipment at Camp Daniel Boone,.which is so popular with BourboMcounty people, for the work of thetvKentucky State Committee and forthe maintanance of the Bourbon .county work for the next year. Tfagamount totals between ?9,000 andTtH$10,000.The local association has neverhad a larger program of work un- ,der way than at present and hasnever reached a larger number ofpeople than at present while the . .State work is perhaps in the best Xshape it has ever been in, and per- lhaps better than that of any otherState.The date for the beginning of thecampaign will be set by Mlq generalat the next meeting.: o$41,400 POR CO-OPERATDTG lKentucky farmers this year sold332,000 pounds of wool througkfarmers' pools. Such pools were organized in twenty counties. These ""farmers received 12 cents a pound "more for their wool than they would,have received had they marketed individually. In other words, theywere paid $41,500 for organizingthese little associations to .sell theirwool. That is how co-operatiYSrmarketing pays. Yet, some farmers:still say that "there's nothin' to it.or that "farmers won't Stick together." It is awfully hard for some,folks to get a new idea, or to gireup an old one, even when the old onehas proven all wrong.oGOV. COX TO SPEAK IN STATE- CAMPAIGN.Gov. James M. Cox, of Ohio, wiltcome to Kentucky, Tuesday, to helpfor three days in the DemocraticState campaign. Gov. Cox will be ac-companied by John !. Shuft, formerpostmaster of Cincinnati, and one oTthe Democratic, leaders in JieJ3tate.who will introduce liim at Cynthiana,and Georgetown.Gov. Cox will speak in Cynthiana.at 11 o'clock Tuesday morning andin Georgetown at 2:30 o'clock in theafternoon. At night he will appearwith Gov. Black in Lexington.His appointments for the 29th.and 30th have not hen arranged.?v.BLAKEMORENtttleton ShoesDr. Rttd's Cushion Sole Shots- -'i V? VV-VWT -i 3VIWW1Vf-n f-, jr-'THE BOUBBOH MEWS, PABIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, OCTOBER U, 1911MBH5TW0-i-r-vjLostTruck and CarsHireForAdministrator's Notice!All parties knowing themselves indebted to the estate of the late Mrs.Elene Curtis, will please call andsettle with the undersigned. Thosehaving claims against said estatewill present same, proven accordingto law, for payment. 'PEOPLES DEPOSIT BANK &TRUST CO. ,(7-3wks) Administrators.YPublic Salei.r "Flat Hock, one black sow.- - - w 'JKb. Tfoald face, bota. ears slightlyteped, weighs about 250 bounds.jhi tl reward if returned toi ORA RANKIN",fed-2t) Plat Rock, Ky.Serviceable truck andhcars for hireat reasonable rates. Taxicab serviceday and night.S. R. HUDNALL,Both Phones. At Ruggles Garage.OFw1 1' 1' iMhiti1.1IIIF 'letFoundV 3Ketropolitan 15-year Service Pin,Xbhs oT 1903. Found on streets ofgiwus. Owner may have same bylg for this advertisement anding property. (af)Setter and Eggs WantedmIT IPresh 'country butter and eggstefc-finu-a Teady market with us.JESgfoest mafket prices paid.THE BONE DRY CAFE,a;C33r-3t) " Main Street, Paris, Ky.seSteinway Pianos.Tl 3fe. H. C. McKim, of Cincinnati,entmg the Steinway, is instopping at the Y. M. C. A.w-ill'be glad to communicate withdesiring Steinway instrument!gE"3p3fayer-pianos. (26-tf)wS&wleigh's All Medicine Hog MixtureQuality First; Results Assured.fiCTSOO pounds. Money refunded ifsatisfied.. Cost one-fifth of a centr average 'dose.xsll Cumberland Phone 487; Home'tote 256, for further information.1L 0. BEDDLE,The Rawleieh Man.augr-tf)PUBLIC SALEOFStock, Crop, Implements, Etc.Having sold my farm near Paris, and my property in Paris, I willoffer at public sale, on the premises, on the Clintonville pike, onFriday, October 31, 1919,at about the hour of 10:00 o'clock,stock, crops, farming implements,Three mules, 4 to 7 years old;One 2-year-old gelding;One 3-year-old draft mare;One 3-year-old draft gelding;Two Jersey cows, extra good;Nine pure-bred Duroc sows and pigs;One Duroc boar;Nine meat hogs;25,000 tobacco sticks;Seven shoats, weight 100 each;Twenty-three yearling' Southdownewes;One registered buck;Two gas engines, 2 and 15 horsepower;Smalley ensilage cutter, none better;One DeLevel Cream Separator;One McCormick corn harvester;Gear; harness; hoes; rakes; forks;Farm machinery of' all kinds;a. m., the following described liveetc:One International Hay Press; self-feed; good as new;Cultipacker, and, in short, everything used on a well-equippedfarm all in first-class condition; One Buick roadster, 1918 model, infirst-class condition;Thirty acres of corn in shock;Fifty tons of good baled straw;Household and kitchen furniture;Large lot of other things too numerous to enumerate here.Ten Individual Hog Houses;One New Idea Manure Spreader;One Deering Binder;One Deering Mower;Two Self-feeders;One 10-barrel Galvanized Tank;iMeat and Lard;I. D. THOMPSONCOL. GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer.INotice!&XL persons having claims against"CSse estate of W. J. Kiser, deceased,sxvereiuested to present same, proptsrCly proven as required by law, tdJpao -undersigned.lersons knowing themselves inIfe2?ted to said estate of W. J. Kiser,tercased, are likewise requested tofar on the undersigned and settlegpixi indebtedness promptly.FRANK P. KISER, Adm'r.,V W. J. Riser's Estate.$E$T&t :Fri)Hotice of Election"i "38otice 'Is Qiereby given that -on3p&.u3a.r election day,Tuesday, 'Jfovember 4, 1919,Sfe 3at Hock Magisterial District,3ed of Precincts Flat Rock No.Flat Rock No. 2, the followingion will be submitted to theHSaZ voters of said precincts:I ""Are you in favor of making itffcsfa.'wful for cattle, or any species- Stereo!, to run at large on the pubHie lughways and unenclosed landsoff the Flat Rock Magisterial Dis&ne, comprised of the voting prefects No. 1 and No. 2, Flat Rock?"... "W. G. McCLINTOCK,fSheriff of Bourbon County.Small Bourbon FarmAt Public AuctionON THE PREMISES NEAR AUSTERLITZ, ONTuesday, October 28, 191 9, at 2 O'clock P.M.We, as agents for J. L. Marders, administrator of the late Geo. W. Morrow, will sell his home place of 55 acres more or les, on the North Middletown and Austerlitz Pike, one-half (miles from Austerlitz, three-quartersmile from Clintonvile, ten miles from Paris and 16 miles from Lexington. The improvements consist of a six-room cottage, cellar under entirehouse, force pump and sink in kitchen, good cistern, natural gas infront of house, hen house, meat house, two barns, two corn cribs, cabinand buggy house suitable for garage, 25 acres in old sod and ready fortobacco, 13 acres in corn and 14 acres in timothy.At the same time and place we will sell the following live stock: 4horses, 5 mules, team half Percheron 5 to 6 years old; hay presses, goodas new; short horn cow and calf, one 1,000-pound short horn heifer,12 shoats, 5 hogs, 2 sows 2 sows and pigs, chickens, bees, 400shocks corn, 72 bales straw, wagons, plows, cultivator, feed slide, goodbuggy and wagon, harness, cook stove, and many other things too numerous to mention.TERMS Liberal, and made known on day of sale.HARRIS & SPEAKES, AgentsL. D. HARRIS, Business Manager. COL. GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer(21oct-3t)?br Sale Privately"iSSix-room cottage located at 268JfL Airy Avenue, is for sale pri-ttolely-. This is one of the most de-tfmdSle pieces of residence property9m. the city, being located in the bestiborhood in Paris. House con-(6 rooms, bath, porches, waterjMilIls, -electric lights and all modernjprareniences.lot is 76 2-3x200 feet. A nicefc31dting lot could be taken off side.2flrr one desiring a nice home wouldV -well to look this property over.Ulsc further particulars inquire onf3fce premises.ItfRS. LIDA B. CONWAY,Paris, Kentucky."SHxmre Thone 337. (21-tf)Public SaleREGISTEREDjDuroc-JerseyHogsand Other StockWednesday, Oct. 29thi therm located on the ClaymmA Kiser pike, one mile southf Ewalt's Cross Roads, begingat 10 o'clock, 40 head offcroc hogs, sows, gilts andsues; cows and calves, yearlingteen, mares and mule colts.- A. P. ADAIR A SONS, vvr- l - .Rout 6,. Paris, Ky.xo. D.'Speakes, Auctioneer.SMALL FARMof 57.38 AcresATPUBLIC AUCTIONONSaturday, Oct. 25, 1919AT 10 O'CLOCK A. M.on the premises, located on the Clintonville pike, 4 miles from the citylimits of Paris, Ky., on the main line of the Cential Kentucky Gag Co.All but 3 acres in grass and ready for tobacco as the owner has usedthis 'as a stock farm and from the imense amount of manure spread thisland shows for itself it is in a high state of cultivation. Well watered by adrilled well which supplies water to 50-barrel concrete trough, hydrant inbarn, also concrete pool, cistern and springs. During the present drouthfifty head of cattle were kept on thisfarm on account of water.Improvements consist of a 3-room cottage, hen house, etc. One excellent tobacco barn (40x48), one large stock barn with stalls and shedsto acommodate 50 head of cattle. This farm equipped with hay forkand carrier, one 12x30 feet silo, one new rat proof 100-barrel crib onesmall barn with four stalls. All of these improvements are kept in thebesjf condition.TERMS 10 of the purchase price cash in hand on day of salebalance in three equal payments, March 1, 1920, March 1, 1921, March l'1922, or the purchaser may pay as much more cash on March 1, 1920 ashe desires. Deferred payments secured by lien on property. 'Notes' tobear 6 per cent, interest, payable semi-annually from March 1, 1920, whenpossession will be given. See the owner.LUTHER RICE, orHARRIS & SPEAKfiSCOL. GEO. D. SPEAKES, AuctioneerAt the same time and place I Hl sell to the highest bidder my herdof (9) dairy cows. (Jerseys) all tuberculin tested by Federal Agent. Cowswith calves by side, or In calf to Registered bull from herd of J. N. Camden. Several choice heifer calves. Also a few grade cows with calves byside. ? , . ; . ?1 registered Shorthorn bull,' 10 months old. ' . -. 2i-2t) ; -, ' LUTHER erICEBlue Grass Farm281.55 acres of one of the best blue grass farms in Central Kentucky, on the premises 3 milesfrom Millersburg, and five miles from Carlisle on the Summit Station turn pike three-fourthsmiles from the Maysville & Lexington turn pike onMonday, October 27, 1919at 10: 30 o'clock a- m. Only 20 acres in cultivation, 30 acres in virgin soil and about 200 acresin old bluegrass sod, good fencing, extra well watered three barns, good two-story frame residence.This farm will be sold in three separate tracts and not as a whole, and each sale will be positive and without reserve or bybid of any kind.The sale is made by the heirs of the late Mrs. C. W. Mathers estate to settle a partnershipand will positively be sold as advertised.TRACT NO 1 Contains about 150 acres with residence and two good barnsTRACT NO 2 Contains about 100 acres with one good tobacco barn.TRACT NO. 3 Contains about 30 acres of unimproved land of extra fine quality. Thisfarm is extra fine land and very little has been plowed in forty years and is now in prime condition for the best tobacco growing to be had.Prospective buyers will be shown over the farm by C. B. Layson or Joe Penn Redmon, Millersburg, Ky. Usual terms which will be announced oh day of sale.JAMES M. CALDWELL,COL. GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer.Agent For Heirs.BOURBON COUNTY FARMOf 420 Acres, About 3 1-2 Miles from Paris, on theRuddles Mills Pike,At Public AuctionOn the Premises, onMay, October 2StH. 1919AtlChSOOUockA. M.On account of ill health and "advancing years, I have decided to locate permanently inFlorida and have placed my splendid farm above described in the hands of Harris & Speakes,real estate dealers, with instructions to sell each tract as advertised to the highest and bestbidder, rain or shine.The farm is an ideal one, well fenced and watered and in a high .state of cultivation.It will be sold in three tracts, as follows:TRACT No. 1 Contains 245 acres, all in blue grass, timothy and clover except31 acres seeded to wheat, blue grass and timothy. Seven-room house, practically new.Cistern at back door. All necessary outbuildings, two large tobacco barns, small stockbarn and a good four-room tenant house; also excellent stock scales,TRACT No. ;2 Contains 70 acres of unimproved land 50 acres' in blue grass, 20acres broke out of blue grass and cultivated in tobacco and is now seeded in rye. This4ract has a beautiful building site.TRACT No. 3 Contains 105 acres 90 acres in blue grass and timothy and 15acres seeded to wheat, blue grass and timothy; 6-room residence, two large tobacco barnsand four-room tenant house. The farm fronts beautifully on the Ruddles Mills pike TractsNos. 2 and 3 after being sold separately will be offered as a whole and the best bid accepted., TF.RJVlS""Lit!?p?lanl:tacl:ilve Ten Per cent cash in hand on day ofsale, 23 1-3 per cent. March 1st. 1920, when possession will be given. Remainder in fourequal payments, one-fourth March 1st, 1921, one-fourth Marcli 1st, 1922, one-fourth March1st, 1923, and one-fourth March 1st, 1924. Notes will bear six per cent, interest from datepayable annually until paid and a lien retained on the property to secure payment.G. C. THOMPSONHARRIS & SPEAKES, Real Estate DealersCOL. GEO. D. SPEAKES, AuctioneerL. D. HARRIS, Business Manager1FRIDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1919THE SOTJSBOII TOWS, PA1H, ULfTBCMIff C frmrsKA Ifs I Jl J 1OCTOBER 31 DESIGNATED AS"TREE PLANTIN& DAY."Now You Can HaveThe Cream You NeedMarinello Beauty AidsAcne Cream for Pimples.Astringent Cream for large pores.Lettuce Cream for cleansing.Whitening Creamfor bleaching.Motor Cream for protecting.Tissue Cream for wrinkles.Foundation Cream before powder.Samples of your cream and booklet free.MRS. M. A. PATONGovernor Black has issued a proclamation designating Friday, October 31, as Arbor Day, in which heurges the necessity of plantingtrees to transform and redeem treeless streets, barren commons andwaste places. School exercises, observing the spirit of the day, arerecommended by the Governor.TAXI - CABSERVICEAUTO LIVERY 0.E. McCracken, Prop.Red m on Motor Car CompanyNight Call 760SOCIAL ANITPERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There and 'Elsewhere.TmmmmmrimwmnmmmmmmmmMmmWolf, Wile & Co.rA Distinguished Group ofNew Fall Tailleur SuitsIn this collection of strikingly individual creationsare modes that tell with marked originality the reallydistinguished details of tailleur fashion . The styles areof a distinctiveness that promises a permanent vogueand range from those of a tailored precision, faultless inline and finish, to others delightfully embellished withbraiding and buttons. Shown in fashionable colors ofbrown, navy, reindeer, purple, Pompeiian, Oxford andblack.$39.50 to $135.00The New Dress For AutumnAfternoon, Demi-toilette and Eveningaof Paris' ' in Their SmartnessThere is a distinct departure in fashion for the dressor gown; displayed here with a newness so apparent thateven the most casual are impressed. The world of women is evidently aroused to a new interest in dress, andthese handsome costumes are evidence that the creatorsof that elusive factor known as "style" have outdonethemselves in satisfying the exactions of taste, criticaljudgment and artistic bent.For Women and MissesParis-Inspired BlousesIn beauty of material and cleverness of design noblouses surpass them. Every wanted color and for theyouthful miss to the extra size figure.$6.75 to $25.00Wolf. Wile C& Co.Lexington, Ky.' Mr. 'and Mrs. .Chas. B. Mitchellwere visitors in Cincinnati, Tuesday.Miss Elizabeth. Tarr was hostessWednesday afternoon to the YoungWomen's Bridge Club. "Miss Cora Lee Wilson has returned to her home in this city after a visit to relatives in Winchester, jMr. John Bradley, of Detroit,Mich., is a guest of his brother,James Bradley, and family, on Higgins avenue.Mrs. Prank M. r.lav win hehostess this afternoon to the members of the Friday Bridge Club, ather home in East Paris.Col. V. M. Baohus. prominentoil man of Louisville, was a recentguest of Mr. N. B. Moss, residentof the Lane Oil Co., in Paris.The North Middletown Women's Club will hold their regularmeeting this afternoon. The program will be as follows: The Formation of the Chosen Nations; "TheHoly Land," Mrs. A. S. Trimble;"The Civilization of Early Egypt,"Mrs. Van Meter; Reading, "TheGreatness of the Old Testament,"(Matthew Arnold) , Mrs. LoganBryan.Mrs. A. J. A. Alexander entertained on Monday with a beautifulafternooon reception at Woodburnwhich was attended by guests fromLexington, Frankfort, Paris, Vercailles and other places. The affairwas in honor of Mrs. Alexander's sister, Mrs. Woodson Woods, of Kansas City, and the Misses Louise andKatherine Chandler, of Chicago, whoare visiting Mrs. Walton Rounsavall.Among the guests were Misses LucySimms aid Celeste Lucas, of Paris.(Other Personals on Page 5)TMfftSUMMING UP THE EVIDENCEMany Paris People Have Been CallAs Witnesses.Week after week has been published the testimony .of, Paris peoplekidney sufferers backache victimspeople who have endured manyforms of kidney, bladder or urinarydisorders. These witnesses have used Doan's Kidney Pills. All havegiven their enthusiastic approval.It's the same everywhere. 50,000American men and women are publicly recommending Doan's alwaysin the home papers. Isn't it a wonderful mass of proof? If you are 'asufferer your verdict must be "TryDoan's first."Here's one more Paris case.Wm. W. Dudley, 1729 Cypress St.,says: "Some years ago t totind itnecessary to use a kidney remedyand as I had read about Doan's Kidney Pills, I used them. They provedto be satisfactory and permanentlyrid me of the complaint. I havegood reason to recommend Doan'sKidney Pills and advise their use toanyone troubled with a weak 'andlame back or irregular passages ofthe kidney secretions."Price 60c, at all dealers: Don'tsmiply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Dudley had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)oMany of the factory women workers in Great Britain are widows ofsoldiers and sailors killed in thelate war.rA Saver to padketbobk;and health, andsidelight to the paiatevEo as your neighbor Is' doing and cuttne .highpost' of living by drinkring INSTANTPOSTUMInstead of coffee.No Raise In. Price:50-Cuplins 3.0P-10.0-CupTins5Q$AN AGREEABLE SURPRISE."About three years ago when Iwas suffering from a severe cold onmy lungs and coughed most of thetime night and day, I tried a bottleof Chamberlain's Cough Remedy andwas surprised at the promptnesswith which it gave me relief,"writes Mrs. James Brown, ClarkMills, N. Y. Many another has beensurprised and pleased with theprompt relief afforded by this remedy. (oct-adv)Made bylEostumCereal Company ("BattleXreekMlch.Sold by Grocers jand GeneralStbre$ "jNATURE'S MIRRORWhen awoman iswell andhealthy rthere's asparkle inher eyes, arose tint inher cheeks,and she hasrich redblood.There'selasticity inevery movement and aspring in herstep. Lovecomes to every woman who hasbounding health but when she ispallid, clull eyed, languid, she hasno magnetism nor does she appealto any man.Such a change in feelings andlooks!After suffering pain, feeling nervous, dizzy, weak and draggeddown by weaknesses of her sexwith eyes sunken, black circles andpale cheeks such a woman isquickly restored to health by theFavorite Prescription of Dr. Pierce.Changed, too, in looks, for aftertaking Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription the skin becomes clear,the eyes brighter, the cheeksplump. It is purely vegetable, tcontains no alcohol.Druggists sell it in tablets orliquid. Send Dr. Pierce, Buffalo,N.Y., 10c for trial package.1MtfE-IN-HEAD y7i4EAflSBUKK yThe Buick Built Crank Shafthas been designated as the back bone of this famousValve-in-Head Motor because it must withstand theimpact of every powerful explosion that takes placein the Buick Valve-in-Head cylinder.fKyStrength, accuracy and toughness are the fundamentalrequirements gauged,hammered and tempered into eachcrank shaft thru the rigid processes of expert machining:modern drop forging and special elecLxic heating treatmentMaterials of the highest grade, Chrome nickel-steel of aHspecial formulae subjected to rigid metalurgical and!chemical tests, are other evidences showing how complete the Buick Factory is equipped to manufacture thisimportant unit so essential in the successful operation ofthe powerful Buick Valvc-In-Head motor.When Better Automobile Arc Built BUICK Vill Build Them ,C. S. BALL GARAGEFourth and Pleasant Streets,HlHHHHHIHHillHIHiHHHiHBHHIiHIHHH Cfc mmuvla Demonstration Week Sl- See The t f , ssas.asy-1 jSl mI -K- t M 'Vv -3t X- ". " . t 1 . I IH 1 K- VZiv- M gBflFJPPEZs. v jm M .M il" lwjW 'NA ' JAm VjHV m jm' 'ft m.myLrfn LJ5L , 7 JmCsaiNx MjivWm-.. rr"rrI-7A7eYf Tiia 90 q wr?51 ?rnnff Tnw n rmni f.nonr store next week. We are holding a special demonstration of the Caloric, Furnace. Come in and talk overyour heating problem with lis. We shall not attempt to sellyou the Caloric merely study your heating problem. We willnot make any recommendations until we are satisfied that tile Caloric wiH-lieat yourv entire house with a definite fuel saving.If we decide that the Caloric can he used by you,-we will install' i& with': money-guarantee, assuring perfect satisfaction. A r"- - Q. ljP. iPf actical" -ScientificEconomicalSJMore Than76,000in UsemOIVjmuse1wOriginal Patented PipeleasJUmacefTEe Caloric system of- heating is an entirely new application of the principles of coiissime- neat, kjviu. tix- xiuis warm cux xisea. j.iie zuvriv one register IS DUUd XOTaKe aaV23irSQfe' of this simple scientific fact. The outer cnannel sucks cold air out of the house, carrfe-it Wthe bottom of the furnace, where it is purified, and passes over the radiation chamberirp mtoTthe house by the inside warm air channel. The warm air is lighter and travels upward raps-!jy. Although no perceptible draft is noticed, the warm air seeks out every nook and co3in each room so that ;the temperature over the entire house 5practically the same, the sewing room upstairs being as cecalas the living room where jhe register is usually putWe are enthusiastic about the Caloric. The remarkabfc"results obtained by more than seventy-six thousand ownersyear during tne coldest weather proved our every claim. WfcaJUNUW tnat it win maKe good and save 35 of yomrfuel b2LCome in during Demonstration WeeE. You will: xotr be 6b. Iligated, and may learn many things that will mean: more; xmMJbetter heat with a decided paving of money.The Howard Hardware Co'iNCORPORATEDCARLISLE PARISPli?J"$- -- ?.?'--TT- BOUBBOH HEWS, ?JB& UJEITUGRr MQE T0U1Tl -IT"FRIDAY, OCTOBER 24 If IItllJiNOTICE!Notice is hereby given that theBoard of Council of the City of Paris,Kentucky, by ordinance passed atthe regular meeting of said Council,on August 28, 1919, approved by thaJfayor, and published as required bylaw, called and ordered an electionto be held on the next regular election day, being November 4., 1919,lor the purpose of submitting to thequalified voters of the City of Paris,Kentucky, the following question,Jto-wit:"Are you in favor of issuing bondstha City of Paris, Kentucky, in thesum of Sixty Thousand Dollars,($60,000.00), to be paid in leviesmade annually to meet said bondsJand the interest thereof, for the purpose of constructing and extendingthe sanitary sewer system of theCity of Paris on the following.streets, to-wit:"Main street from Fourteenthstreet to Twentieth street"Fourteenth street from Mainstreet to Jackson street."Clifton street to a sanitary seweron Clintonville pike from a point 50feet east of the Lr. & N. Railroad tothe intersection of Clifton street."On -Clifton street from its intersection with Clintonville pike toNineteenth street; from its intersection with Nineteenth street 700ieet to a lateral sewer."On Brent street from its intersection with Clintonville pike for adistance of 620 feet north, and onBrent street from its intersectionwith Nineteenth street 740 feet.jiorth to a lateral sewer."On Nineteenth street from its intersection with Clifton street to apoint 140 feet east from the centerJine of Main street."On Nineteenth street from its intersection with Clifton street to apoint 140 feet East on Brent street."On Tenth street from Pleasantstreet to L. & N. depot; thence southwith right of way of L. & N. Railroad to Winchester street."On Parrish avenue from Vine-street to Link avenue."On Vine street from Parrish avenue to Harmon street."On Link avenue 100 feet northand 100 feet south of Parrish avenue. "On Scott avenue from a point 308feet west of Washington street to apoint 370 feet west of L. & N. Railroad, a sanitary sewer in privateright of way from trunk sewer toClifton street.- "On Maysville street from Scott-avenue 350 feet north?"J. W. HAYDEN,31erk of the Board of Council of theCity of Paris, Kentucky.FarmSalesmen WantedProspective farm buyers to thenumber of 117,000 wrote and calledat our offices in America's ten largest cities during 1918.We have a score of agency pointsin Michigan and Northern Ohio.Our representatives in these twoStates sold 66 farms last month.The requirements of our clientsnow demand that we establish a few'reliable men to act as our local representatives in Indiana, Kentuckyand Southern Ohio to send us descriptions of farms for sale and showsame to our customers.Experience not necessary butmust own an automobile.Our business is paying capablemen $2,000 to $10,000 yearly. Stateall particulars in first letter regarding your age, business experienceand if you are a property owner. Allcommunications treated as confidential. - E. A. STROUT FAUM AGENCY,$205 Lincoln Inn Court, Cincinnati, 0.(10-17-24)Vhe Sheraton jrt TtfodelNow On Display in Our Store.Come in and and let us show you this wonderful machine,and hear it play. MO NEEDLES TO CHANGE.BALION MA CHINESee this machine and hear it play.Christmas is drawing near. Don't be disappointed ingetting your machine on time. From the information thatwe receive from the manufacturers they "will; be just asscarce this year as last. -cCome in and make an early selection.RELIGIOUS.The Pastors' Aid Society of thePresbyterian church will hold an allday meeting in the church parlorsnext Tuesday, October 28. It isearnestly requested that every member be present.Rev. J. R. Black, State Superintendent V of Sunday School Work,will occupy the pulpit at the Baptistchurch, in this city, Sunday morning at the usual hour of worship.Rev. Dr. J. L. Cotton, of Louisville, will preach at both services atthe Presbyterian church, Sunday.Capt. Harbeson will sing solos. Dr.Cotton is an eloquent pulpit orator,well-known to Paris people.Rev. Dr. Arthur Fox, of Hope,Arkansas, has accepted the call recently extended him to assumecharge of the congregation of thePaptist church. Rev. Fox will cometo Paris about November 7, and willpreach his first sermon as pastor ofthe church at the morning serviceon Sunday, November 9.All the men of the Baptist congregation are cordially invited to attend a "Fellowship Banquet" to begiven in the church building this(Friday) evening, at eight o'clock.Men who are not members of thecongregation, but whose wives are,will also be expected to attend. Agood time is assured. . Speakers ofprominence are expected to be present and make addresses.The Bourbon county delegateswho attended the International Convention of the Disciples of Christ atCincinnati, report that the final sessions were extremely gratifying inthe harmony that prevailed and thespiritual enthusiasm manifestedwith reference to the missionary benevolent and educational' enterprisesof the church. Steps were takentoward the unification of five missionary and benevolent associations,and as soon as the legal formalitiesare completed the five will becomethe United Society.About one hundred ministersand lay delegates are in attendanceon the meeting of the Synod of Kentucky of the Presbyterian church, U.S. A., in session in Harrodsburg,from October 21, to 24. The publicservices are largely attended. Amongthe noted speakers are Dr. Fullerton,of St. Louis, who preached the opening sermon; the Rev. J. I. Armstrong, of Philadelphia, who willspeak on Religious Education, andWingfield Scott Hall, whose topicwill be Temperance and Moral Welfare. The Rev. J. J. Rice, the pastor in charge, formerly pastor of theParis church, was installed with impressive ceremony a few weeks ago.DON'T FOKGET TO KEGISTEKSpecial Registration days are Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday, October 27, 28 and 29. Voters who areentitled to register on those daysshould not forget to do so, if theywish to vote in the Nevember election. Registration at the CountyClerk's office.It has just about gotten so in thiscountry that it costs more to buyschool shoes for a boy than it usedto cost to educate him.Administrator's Notice!All persons having claims againstI the estate of Mrs. Sallie E. Bashford,'deceased, will please present them,properly proven, as required by law,to the undersigned Adminstrator, atthe Peoples and Deposit Bank &Trust Company, corner of Main andFourth streets, Paris, Ky.All persons knowing themselvesindebted to the estate of the saidMrs. Sallie E. Bashford, deceased,are requested to call and makeprompt and full settlement of suchindebtedness.CLARENCE K. THOMAS,Administrator of Mrs. Sallie E. Bashford, Deceased.(24-3wks)uAe Jiuto &ileA Featuture Exclusivewith theDalion Machine.KACINCr OPENS AT CHURCHimDOWNS.Following the close of racing atuie iiuuiH, "'""J1"11110" wuu tu ucow .u i""a istaged at tne unurcuiu juuwiis trauu:at Louisville opened yesterday, whenthe nine-day session, which likewiseculminates this season's Kentuckyracing, was started. There has neverbeen a more abundant list of horsesin these parts to engage in fall racing, and the diversified program thatRacing Secretary Shelley has constructed insures ample material inthe different daily cards.A departure from former seasonswill be the beginning of races at 2p. m. daily instead of 2:15. Theshortness of the days, coupled withthe fact that the time will be movedup an hour soon, is responsible forthe change.All available stable space at theDowns is occupied and Douglas Parkhas been called on to serve as auxiliary quarters for many of the horses.Of these that are located now atDouglas Park many owners will arrange to make the present quarterspermanent ones for the winter.Box 'and club reservations for thecoming meeting have exceeded former demands for a fall term of racing and the social element who willbe in daily attendance promises tobe as numerous as during the springmeeting.Tuesday, October 28, has been setaside as "Army Day" and the boysnow in Camp Zachary Taylor, whichincludes "Pershing's Own," thefighting First, with General Summeral at its head, will be guests ofthe track.Public Auction!Don't forget the Auction Sale at3 : 30 p. m.,To-dayPive-room Cottage, on VirginiaAvenue. Has gas, electric lights andwater. A splendid neighborhood tolive in. Nice garden and yard.Immediate possession.J. M. SMELSER.If you think you're hard to fit because you are a little taller than the average or a littlestouter than usual, or perhaps a little more slender, you'll change your mind in aboutten minutes at rthis store.This is a rare opportunity for Women and Misses of such build to getFTO THE OUT-OF-TOWN BUYERSIt will pay you to get on the train, come to Cincinnati and visit OHIO'S GREATEST STORT? wSTOUT WOMEN AND WOMON HARD TO FIT. You can also be fitted in UnSrwS ouDresses, Bungalow Aprons, Petticoats, Hosiery, Sweaters, Skirts, Dresses, etc., up to 59 bust.C5Twelfth ahd MainTOi,4'For SaleHouse and 5 living rooms, in thejbest business location on Maingtree jn Paris.H. SCHANKER,(24-2t) . Erlanger, Ky.5-SMALL FARMS-5PUBLIC AUCTIONOn the premises, about 1 mile from the city limits of Paris, on the Bethlehem Pike, at 2 : 30 p. n.WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 29, 1919These little farms will be sold as they are knocked down and you get what you buy- ' rNo. 1 Has about 15 acres and on it is a nice 5-room cottage, with good cellar, hen house, smokehouse, and fine orchard, 5 acre tobacco barn, all under good fences and well watered.No. 2 Is unimproved all in Blue Grass except 2 acres and ready for the plow and contains about13 acres.No. 3 Is unimproved' all in Blue Grass and contains about 7 acres, all of these farms are watered by Houston Creek which insures everlasting water.The above belong to Hugh French.No. 4 Has on it a nice little 5-room cottage, all kinds of out buildings with good cistern and contains about 1 acre owned by J. W. Wilson, and opposite Tract No. 3.No. 5. Has on it a new bungalow, 5-rooms, finished on first floor, second floor is floored andone can easily finish 2 more rooms, new hen house and new barn and never failing pool,walled with cement. This is the prettiest place on the road and contains about 3 acres owned by William CooperAll the above will be sold on easy terms and announced on day of sale- t'i?. i.Apply to : "PARIS REALTY COMPANY512-514 Main Street C. P. MANN and H. S. REDMON Paris, Kentucky.Office With Lee-Kent 00 Company C. E. VAN HOOK, Auctioneer.(22oct-2t)NoisW", 25500 Garments to Choose FromSizes 16 to 59 BustSUITS . . $25.00 to $125.00COATS AND CAPES . - . $20.00 to $167.50DRESSES.. . . . . $15.00 to $250.00wiKrL ' ' ' ' ' ' $ 698 to $ 29-50WAISTS $ 1.98 to $ 27.50WindKoFRANK L. LIPPARD, PresidentOne Block North of the NewFor SaleOne sanitary couch and one leatherMorris chair. Both practically new.MRS. LOUIS SALOSHIN,(It) 1120 Pleasant St.ToWomen and Missesof All SizesExtreme NarrowSkirts WithF. L. L. Suitsf!lTrst'sCincinnati OhioCourt House on Main StreetWoman Agent Wanted.To, sell a splendid line of household necessities. A money maker.Samples furnished free.THE BIG WIZARD CHEMICAL CO.No. 18 E. Court St., Cincinnati, O,(It)Hf'.f".- ' tSiroocs (ScSnapp IDrug Co." i "try .&tJk&t-Jb.i -..xSi V '"T,v:--"' ' - - 'vsvFBXDkY, OCTOBER 24, 1919THEBOTlBOll WBWS?. ?AMS, XHtfOCl-TAQXXITS''V-V-f' vyfOR THE BESTNOTHING CtSCHURRY! SAVE PENALTY! PAYCITY TAXES TO-DAY!Pay your city taxes on or before October 31st, last day, andavoid the penalty, which willbe attached to all unpaid citytaxes on November 1st.W. W. MITCHELL,City Collector.(24oct-4t)GOQB OVERCOATS ARE SCARCE.Yet we have assembled a stockquite up to normal, assuring youstyles that are right and exceptionalcuality.u J. W. DAVIS & CO.SPECIAL REGISTRATION DAYS.THE NEWS was in error in. Tuesday's issue in announcing specialregistration days for this week. Thedates are Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday, October 27, 28 and 29. Voters should remember these days.Registration at the County Clerk'sbSice.oSALE OF EDIBLES.The Pythian Sisterhood, auxiliaryvf the local Knights of Pythiaslodge, will hold a sale of cakes andedibles at Mrs. Corney W. Baird'sznillinery store, on Main street, tomorrow. The patronage of the public is solicited.SOCIAL Aim PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.FALL SEEDSBest quality Northern GrownRosen Seed Rye, Less quantity per acre. Yields more thanany other variety. Also havehighest quality Seed Wheat andTimothy Seed.&CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.oDIDN'T KNOW THERE WAS ANOTHER ONE!to-" 'This is a small world after all,Most people are of the opinion thatthere is but one Bourbon county imthe world, and that is located inthe center of the Bluegrass regionof Kentucky. Yet in the days newsthere appears to be a Bourbon county in West Virginia. A marriagelicense was issued in Lexington,Tuesday, to Leo Wells, of Bourboncounty. West Virginia, and CarrieCrawford, of Winchester. The nameof Paris adorns many towns throughout the country, but this is our firstknowledge of another Bourboacounty,- oAUTO COMPANY INCORPORATES.Articles of incorporation of theThompson Tire & Supply Co., ofLexington, have been filed in theoffice of the Secretary of State atFrankfort. The company is capitalized at $8,000. The incorporatorsare: Henry V. Thompson, of Winchester, Albert S. Thompson, ofParis, and W. H. Parsons, of Dayton, Ohio. The company will transact a general auto tire and supplybusiness.POTTER SHOE COMPANY'S REPRESENTATIVE HERE OCT. 27The Potter Shoe Co., Cincinnati,Ohio, desire to inform you that theirrepresentative, Mr. E. L. Franken,will be at Windsor Hotel on Monday,October 27, with a selection of allthat is smartest and most correct inselect footwear for the coming season. It is hoped you will find it convenient to attend this interestingexhibit. C1-)oWHAT'S THE REMEDY ?Something ought to be done bythe contractors to remedy the deplorable conditions existing at thecorner of Pleasant and Eighthstreets, in the vicinity of the Government building. Due to the street being plowed up preparatory to theconcrete surfacing to be done there,and the work being interrupted bythe heavy rains, the mud has become so heavy that the street isnearly impassable. People going toand from the postofiice are compelledo wade through sticky mud nearly-jp to their ankles. Surely the contractors or the city ought to at leastplace a few widi planks there, sohat in case any one happened toget mired a tractor could be sent tothe scene and pull him out to landagain.ATTENTION, FARMERS!Bring in your Seed Wheat andlet us clean it for you. Telephone us and we will arrangeto clean your wheat the sameday it is brought in.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.aug26-tf)Mrs. J. w. Larkin, of Cynthiana,is a guest of relatives in" this city.W. O. Hinton and CatesbyWoodford are in Texas on a businessmission.Mr. and Mrs. John J. Williamswere guests' last week of relatives inRichmond.Mr. I. L. Price is visiting hisdaughter, Mrs. C. A. Teller, and Mr.Teller, in Chicago.Mrs. Oliver Havermill, of Cincinnati, is visiting friends and relatives in this city.Mr. James Butcher, of Canada,has arrived in Paris, to spend thewinter with relatives.Mrs. Nellie Highland is a guestof her niece, Mrs. R. C. Ellis, andMr. Ellis, in Dayton, Ohio.Mr. and Mrs. Homer Kiser havereturned from a visit to Mr. and Mrs.Ed. Carson, in Richmond.Mr. and Mrs. Hume Payne and.family have moved to the May farmon Rural Route No. 6, near Paris.Mrs. George W. Clay left Tuesday for an extended visit to friendsand relatives in Cleveland and Dayton, Ohio.Miss Lucy Lee Spencer has returned to her home in Lexington after a visit to friends and relativesin Paris.Mr. Owen L. Davis left yesterday for an extended stay at WestBaden Springs, in West Baden, Indiana. Mrs. Julia Worthington Taylor,of Norman, Oklahoma, is visiting hersister, Mrs. Lunceford Talbott, inthis city.Mrs. F. P. Campbell and son,Edwin, are at the Meyers Hospital,in Cincinnati, where they are undergoing treatment for throat troubles.Mr. and Mrs. John Fronk andfamily have returned to their homein Cynthianaj after a visit to friendsand relatives in this city and county.Miss Ethel Buchanan has returned to her home on Hendersonstreet after a visit to relatives andfriends in Cincinnati and Covington.Winchester Democrat: "Mr.and Mrs. George Thompson, of Paris;Mr. and Mrs. Albert Thompson, ofParis, visited Mr. and Mrs. H. C.Thompson, of Boone avenue, Tuesday.7, " -.-... Mrs. F. E. Nelson and Mrs.Maude Flynn have returned to theirhomes in Winchester after a visit toMr. and Mrs. R. L. Wilson, nearParis.Flemingsburg Times-Democrat;"Miss Nancy Dent McCartney returned to her home in Parfs, Fridayafternoon, after a visit to relativeshere."Mr. Clarence Ki Th&mas, Cashier of the Peoples and Deposit Bank& Trust Company, will leave tonight for West Baden Springs, WestBaden, Indiana, for an extendedcfovMrs. Alvin Ballengee is rapidlyrecovering from the effects of an op-ieration performed at St. Joseph'sI Hospital, in Lexington, and willsoon be able to return to ner nomenear Paris.Paris society people are arranging a number of Hallowre'en dancesand parties to be given on this festive night, which falls this year onFriday, October 31.Miss Gladys Crawford and Mr.Walter Barnes, of Louisville, andMiss Thelma Crawford, who is attending Sayre College, in Lexington, were recent guests of MissesLillian and Margaret Ewalt, in thiscity.Mrs. Keith Phillips and son,Marion Keith Phillips, of Atlanta,Ga., who have been visiting Mrs.Arthur Berry, in Lexington, areagain guests of Mr. and Mrs. JamesDouglass, in Paris.Several from Paris will go toLexington, Monday afternoon to attend the performance by the IsadoreDuncan Dancers, at the LexingtonOpera House. A party of twelvestudents from the Millersburg College will occupy a box.Dr. and Mrs. Milton J. Stern returned last night from Louisville,where the former attended the convention of the Mississippi ValleyMedical Association, and the sessionse t-ho. Mncsrvnir. Grand Lodge.Mr. Charles Chappell, of Cincinnati, has returned to his dutiesin that city after a visit to hismother, Mrs. Annie Chappell, ofSeventh street. Mr. Chappell is nowwith the Dal ton Adding Machine Co.,in Cincinnati office.Misses Mildred Collins, FieldRepresentative of the American RedCross and Miss Katherine Hooe, atpresent located in Paris in charge ofa class in nursing, attended theState meeting of the Red Cross inLexington, Monday and Tuesday.Judge Denis Dundon, DeputySheriff Ollie Marshall, Mr. James H.Thompson and Mayor E. B. January,of Paris, accompanied CongressmanBarkley to Cynthiana, where hei. inraa juiHifiiice in Hie interest of the Democratic State ticketfrom! "Quo Vadis' Miss Reba Lockhart., Miss Lucille Munford is visitingrelatives in Nashville, Tenn.Mr. John M. Stuart continues illat his home on Mt. Airy avenue.Mr. Charles P. Cook is confinedto his home on Cypress street byillness.Mr. and Mrs. John M. Barnes, ofMt. Sterling, are guests of Mr. andMrs. Carlie Wilmoth.Miss Sallie Mae Banta has returned to school at Midway, afterspending several days with hermother at Little Rock.A large crowd of Paris peopleheard the address given by SenatorStanley at the Lexington OoperaHouse, Wednesday night.Mrs. Earl Ferguson has issuedinvitations to a bridge party to begiven at her home in Georgetown,this afternoon,' at 2:30 o'clock.Mrs. Percy Reid, of Richmond, isa guest of her mother, Mrs. Mary A.Paton, and her brother, CountyClerk Pearce Paton, and Mrs. Patton, in this city.Mr. and Mrs. Charles D. Wilson hav as guests Mr. and Mrs. Q.C. Vanskiver "and daughters, MissesMary and Viyian Vanskiver, of Winterhaven, Florida. Mr. Vanskiver isa prominent orange grower andbroker, and with his family visitedrelatives in Ohio, and are now motroing back to their Florida home tospend the winter.Postcard invitations have beenissued announcing a big "Masque-1Amuse Dancing Club, of Paris, inthe Masonic Temple, on next Mondaynight, October 27. The hours willbe from 9:00 p. m. to 3:00 a. m.Music will be furnished by Williams'Saxophone Quintette, of Winchester.The following invitation hasbeen received: "Mr. and -Mrs. CarterGlass invite you to be present at themarriage of their daughter, MaryArcher, to Mr. John Guerrant Boatwright, on Saturday, the first of November, nineteen hundred and nineteen, at four o'clock, Church of theCovenant, Washington, District ofColumbia."(Other Personals on Page 3.).... . o- 'DUNBAR BELL RINGERSCITY SCHOOL MONDAY.ATThe Dunbar Male Quartet andBell Ringers will appear at theParis High School auditorium, onnext Monday night, October 27,, ateisrht o'clock, in a varied program ofmusical novelties, Their appearancewill be part of the regular Lyceilnicourse to be given through the win-1teiThe vogue of the Dunbar BellRingers was the most notable of anysimilar company that has appearedon the American concert platform.They gave over 2,800 concerts up to1912, when both Harry and RalphDunbar resigned their places toothers. The company had up to thattime traveled over 500,000 miles inAmerica and Europe.o 44!BOURBON MEN FIGURE IN LOU.ISVILLE COURT.After ten minutes' deliberation, apetit jury in the United States District Court found Joe Willen and E.M. Osborne guilty of wilful interference with the telephone system whileunder control of the Government.Joseph Lee, their counsel, entered amotion for a new trial.Witnesses for the Government testified that while Osborne and Willenwere on picket duty in Seventhstreet and Florence place, July 15,they encountered a group of mencoming from the Home TelephoneCompany's warehouse, and that thetwo men attacked J. H. Head andWill Collins, employes of the com-pany4 The defense sougnt to proveHead and Collins started the fight.Head was formerly manager of theHome Telephone Co.'s exchange atMillersburg. Collins, who is manager of the exchange at Maysville, isa brother of N. B. Collins, of theCumberland Co., in this city.MAKES GOOD AVERAGEAt the live pigeon shooting tournament heia by the Cincinnati GunClub on the Rosedale grounds at Latonia, last week, Squire John N.Shropshire, of Paris, made a highaverage, making a score of 147' outof 150, being about 98 per cent.Squire Shropshire is a devoted follower of trap shooting, and takespart in all the leading events in thissection.HURT BY. FALL.Miss Lucv A. Campbell, sister ofDr. Francis P. Campbell, of Paris,received painful injuries in Cincinnati recently by being thrown fromthe platform of a traction car, as shewas preparing to alight from theHer shoulder was aisiocatea,nar.hpr head badly bruised and her faceSSecut She w removed to her homeeeiTeftTe following post caM invi- and given medical attentionGOING TO LEXINGTON.Mr. and Mrs. Geo. Crosdale, whofor many years have conducted theCrosdale Inn, on High street, andlater the Crosdale Hotel, in theHoward building, on Main street,will move to Lexington soon, wherethey will take charge of the Tattersall Inn, one of Lexington's popularplaces.The many friends of Mr. and Mrs.Crosdale will sincerely regret theirdeparture from Paris. They naahoped to remain in the Howardbuilding, in which they had established a highly successful and popular hostelry, but the new ownersdesiring possession of the house,forced them to seek a new location.The best wishes of their Parisfriends follow them to their newiome. ,- i irnnriOl-hl ttations: Kentucky - !. -Dance (Eve of the Football Game.) ISmith's Saxophone Sextette PhoenixHotel, Lexington? Ky. Friday Evening, October 31, 1919. Subscription$2.00. Hours 9:uu to i.ou. " -Walton, Jr." .The Progressive Culture Clubmet yesterday afternoon at 2:30o'clock at the home of Mrs. RubyArnsparger, on High street. Thefollowing program was rendered bymembers of the Club: "AncientGreek Literature," Mrs. RebeccaSimms; "Ancient Latin Literature,Mrs. Lawrence Price; "Ancient Oriental Literature," Mrs. H. HShrop-shire.The -regular weekly meeting oithe Paris Literary Club was held at2-30 o'clock Wednesday aiwiuu,at the home of Mrs. Ruby Arnsparger on High street. The fo owingn rokram as rendered: "Paul's LastWork S. the East, and the Letter tothe Roman Christians," Mrs. AmosTurney, Jr.; "Imprisonment at Jerusalem and the Letter to the Philippians," Miss Lena Talbott; -ReadingGON'NA SHOW THIS TO THEBOSS!The Journalists' Institute, of England, including in its membershipmany of the best known newspapermen and magazine writers in meTTnitPd Kinedom. has just unanimously passed a resolution at its annual meeting at Birmingnam, casing upon newspaper proprietors toincrease salaries 100 per cent. over.the salaries of pre-war days, tq,meetthe increased cbsf;of Jiving.THE RED CBOSS HOME NURSINGCLASS.The class in Home Nursing underthe -Red Cross is being organised.Anyone wishing to join will pleasecall Mrs. Harry Kerslake at once.Class number limited to twenty.As many women as can .are urged to-joinr- M - ""A Sensational Sale of 100Pairs ofWOOL BLANKETSPER PAIR$9.98rt .,'. . I ,- mThursday, Friday and SaturdayThese are the kind of blankets for which you pay in most stores at least$12.50. They come in plaids of black and white, red and black, gray and white,tan and white, pink and white, blue and white, also all white with pink or blueborders. All are full large double bed size. None sold to dealers.Wool Top BlanketsPer Pair $4.98For Monday and Tuesday OnlyLike qualities sell most anywhere from $1.00 to $1.50 per pair more. Allare large double bed sizes and come in plaids of pink, blue, gray or tan withfancy borders. Good, warm, fleecy blankets.HARRY SIMON224IW. Main St.Lexington, Ky.'Main StreetParis, Ky.','jL itii iV-fuofWe tave a store&;'StyVtsh, NewFurniture.Come m and cKout wVxat you needt '.3 'mmm.SLmmmmmmngsS. lRjIflHEMB- 3re3fr wUr J,'PwSSmSMSmm mm, Mm mmiMrs. HomeloVer:Buying new furniture for your home will be aneasy task if you come straight to our store.The furniture and rugs We will sell you will becorrect in style, HIGH in QUALITY and PRICEDLOW.Gome to us for what you want for your home.Our store is a reliable place to trade. We Valueour reputation.tis V -JT-fUt -JfcWTHE J. T. HINTON CO.EITHERPHONE 36 . PARIS, KENTUCKY SIXTH AND MAINMotor Hearse Motor Invalid Coach UndertakingImiftaMi:!.1"jfe.R&II,kI',"'"''V-sTHE BOOTBO NEWS, PAMS, XEHTtrCKYFRIDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1S1MGI8DCVTRAINER SWEAEENGEN TOTRAIN GREAT MoGREGOR .IT'S NOT YOUR HEARTIT'S YOUR KIDNEYSAt the close of the Lexingtontrots James G. Cooper, of Cincinnati,shipped to Trainer W. G. Swearengen, of Carthage, Ohio, formerly ofParis, the three-year-old colt, TheGreat McGregor, a brother of McGregor tSe Great (4) 2:03, thisseason's premier trotter, and twoyearlings, a bay colt by Moko, damby Axworthy, and a yearling fillyby Guy Axworthy, out of a daughter of Moko. Mr. Swearengen willtrain these fine animals and campaign them on the Grand Circuitnext season.i reDecte:diately. The soothing, healing oil stimulates the kidneys, relieves inflammations and destroys the germs whichhave caused it. Bo not wait until tomorrow. Go to your druggist today andinsist on GOLD MEDAL Haarlem OilCapsules. In twenty-four hours youshould feel health "and vigor returningand will bless the day you first heardof GOLD MEDAL Haarlem Oil.Afier you feel that you have curedyourself, continue to take one or twocapsules each day, so as to keep infirst-class condition and ward off thedanger of otherattacks.Ask for the original Imported GOLDMEDAL brand. Three sizes. Money refunded if they do not help you.JL maAaritr ofthe ills afflictingCStodA-r cam b traced back totrouble.Tb kidney ere the most importantcsmaa ox tne body. Tny are meJtterera, the purifiers, of your blood.XBOney disease is usually indicated bywenrlaeaa, aleeplesunoes, nervousness,.mifliiiiifj. backache, stomach trouWe, pain in loins and lower abdomen,411 stones, gravel, rheumatism sciaticamad lvmbaco.AH tkeae derangements are nature'sit'll" n to warn you that 'the kidneysseed help. You should use GOLDXBBAIi Haarlem Oil Capsules immeIlgl"""' '''-....-!iIii:;-(Li1 !H"ftI!$!te?UK!1VMISSOURIHOG SELLS$10,100.FORiAn 1,100-pound hog, raised byLouis 'Harrison, has been auctionedfor $10,100, at Hannibal, Mo. Thisis said to be the record price in thatState. The animal is 44 inches high,84 inches long, and is four years old.L. C. Potter, of Plattsburg, purchased the animal.oCHAMBERLAIN'S COUGH REMEDY. This remedy is intended especiallyfor coughs, colds, croup and whooping cough. From a small beginningftjff pnlf nnn hrp Tins wtvndp.rl tr all Iparts of the United States and tojmakea specific request for the bal-many foreign countries. This alone ; lot.is enough to convince one that it isa medicine of more than ordinarymerit. Give it a trial and you will Nowadays some of the dressiestfind this to be the case. women seem to be those who are(oct-adv) are the most undressy.oCLERKS MUST FURNISH PROHIBITION BAtLOT TO VOTER.Under Section 2, Chapter 63 ofthe Acts of 1918, the clerk of election is required to furnish each voterwho presents himself at the polls aballot on the prohibition amendment.This opinion was given by AsistantAttorney General D. 0. Myatt in answer to a query as to whether theclerk of election should present toeach voter a ballot to be voted on theamendment whether the voter requests it or not.Mr. Myatt is of the opinion thatit is not necesary for "the voter toWedding presents in Hungary are !given only to poor coupies to neipthem get their home together.Handsome is as handsome does,and there are times when a handsome sum does a lot.mEEfagS g:..UllililllllBCoal Coal CoalHave You Talked WithCOLLIER BROS.About Your Winter Coal?Office Opposite Paris TobaccoWarehouseCumberland Phone 997Home Phone 257nmm&mnmB?pgHgHMgatEW.gitg.a"FlDDLE-FIFKeep Liver and BowelsClean and Activewith"Cascarets"Hmiiiiiiii-'"l''t"M-M"'llll't"t""Sick headache, biliousness, cjHtedtongue, sour, gassy stomach alwaystrace this to torpid liver; delayed,fermenting food in the bowels.Poisonous matter clogged in theintestines, instead of being cast outof the systqm is re-absorbed into theblood. When this poison reaches thedelicate brain tissue it causes congestion and that dull, throbbing,sickening headache.Cascarets immeditely cleans thestomach, remove the sour, undigestedfood and foul gases, take the excessbile from the liver and carry out allthe constitpated waste matter andpoisons' in the bowels.A Cascaret to-night will have youfeeling clear, rosy and as fit as a fiddle by morning. They work whileyou sleep.: oA severe headache is a commoncomplaint with the bear. A beesting is its tntidote.WHERE TERE'S A BABY ON THEPARM KEEP RAT-SNAPRats are on most farms. Oncethey get inside the house look out.Rats kill infants biting them is notunusual. Nursing bottles attractrats. Break a cake of RAT-SNAPand throw it around. It will surelyrid you of rats and mice. Threesizes, 25c, 50c, $1.00. Sold andguaranteed by the Farmers' SupplyCompany.(oct-adv)HlovHow Mat Cohen Spends Your MoneyFacts for the Taxpayers of KentuckyMat S. Cohen, Commissioner of Agriculture and Democratic candidate for Secretary of State, employs more people in his department and spends more money than any other three combined departmentsof the State government. It is very important to the taxpayers, especially the farmers, how this monevis spent.In three years, Cohen's personal traveling expenses, which you taxpayers pav, have piled up to atotal of $-A,153.93, an average of $1,384.64 per year. In 1917 he charged you taxpayers $5.00 per day forten lays for attending the State Fair in addition to railroad fare and a hotel and taxlcab bill of morethan $100.00. Does anybody pay you to visit the State Fair?Vouchers on file in the Auditor's office at Frankfort show what Cohen has . een doing with yourmoney. Below are a few samples of the extravagance of this man Cohen who, four vears ago, solemnlypromised you taxpayers to spend your money carefully and economically:VOUCHER NO. 12512 PAID MAY 11, 1916. ; : ;vMat S. Cohen Transportation from Frankfort to Washington and re- .'.turn and berth $30.95 !'--Motei Washington (at New Wlllard) 29.10Meals en route (2) $2.00; return (3) $3.00; In Washington (6) $6.00.. 1l!oOCab 75c; Taxi 90c; Car 20c; Taxi 60c; Taxi 50c; Car 20c; Taxi 70c;Car 40c; Taxi 90c; Car 20c; Taxi $1.00 6.55i-.r$77.60VOUCHER NO. 4341 PAID JANUARY 16, 1919.Hi 8. Cohen Mileage Book $30.00; Berth to Washington $3.50 $33.50Hotel at Baltimore . 17.95Hotel at Washington and Berth home 22.68Eight Meals at Baltimore $8; 15 Meals at Washington and In transit$16.00 . 23,00Taxi to and frem Depot at Baltimore $2.00; Telegram 45c 2.45Street Car fare $2.00; Taxis In Washington 90c, 80c, 90c, 70c, 70c, 80c. 6.80Telegram 55W :.VOUCHER NO. 13036 PAID JUNE 29, 1917.Mt S. Cohen Fare Frankfort to Chicago. .$19.20Pullman :... 200Congress Hotel (Chicago) 10.1028 Meals 28.00Taxi Chicago ? 4.45Street Cars 1.78Taxi to Train .: . .60$106.93VOUCHER NO. 1941 PAID SEPT. 22, 1917.M. S. Cohen Expense account for September 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, (StateFair) Fare to Louisville and return $ 3.00Hotel (Seelbach) Rooms, Meals, Wire, Telephone 105.00Transfer of trunk 70c and 50c 1.20Four Taxi trips at 50 cents each 2.00Per diem', 10 days at $5.00 per day 50.00COHEN CHARGES$66.13YOU EXTRA$161.20FOR DOING HIS JOBThe minute Cohen was elected to office he got the state legislature to raise his salary, but the legaldepartment of the state ruled he could not have it. As Commissioner of Agriculture, Cohen is a memberof all the boards in his department and his duty Is to attend their meetings regularly as a part of thework for which you taxpayers pay him a salary. But Cohen charged you from $5.00 to $10.00 a day forattending meetings of various boards. The total you paid him for this was $020.00 for 83 days, an average of $7.44 per day. Ensy money for answering "Here" at roll call.Cohen' was paid $100.00 upon the order of the Veterinary Examiners' Board and it was charged tothe Veterinary License Fund. The Attorney General ruled the claim was illegal.Certain clerks in Cohen's department draw money in addition to their salaries. One was paid $36.00a meeting for attending four meetings of the Live Stock Sanitary Board. She draws a regular salaryof $2,100.00 a year which you taxpayers pay. Can you beat it?Another clerk gets a salary of $1,200.00 a year and in addition she is paid an extra $400.00 as clerkof the State Board of Veterinary Examiners. Pretty soft.WHAT'S IN THE STATE FAIR BOOKS?On Oct. 6, the Republican State Campaign Committee asked the privilege of having the State FairBooks examined by certified public accountants. Cohen at first consented, but later denied the 'privilege. When threatened with a law suit, he said he would submit the request to a meeting of the StateBoard of Agriculture, Oct. 25, a. few days before the election.The books of the State Fair belong to the taxpayers who contribute huge sums of money each yearto help keep it going.Among other items in those books are vouchers showing Mat Cohen's personal expense accountWhy does Cohen object to an immeliate examination of those books?YOUR VOTE UNDER THE LOG CABIN WILL HELP RID THE TAXPAYERSe OF THIS MAN COHEN AND HIS EXTRAVAGANT SYSTEMVOTE FOR MORROWIthe Straight Republican Ticket,ket ILay arollingJlliadHJjyP1.Mpet on'em withtRINCEALBERTCopyright 1919K.J. ReynoldsTobacco Co.' the national joy smokeROLLING your own cigarettes with Prince Albert is justabout as joy'us a sideline as you ever carried around inyour grip ! For, take it at any angle, vou never got such quality,flavor, fragrance and coolness in a makin's cigarette in yourlife as every "P. A. home-made" will present youlPrince Albert puts new smokenotions under your bonnet! It's sodelightful rolled into a cigarette and, so easy to roll ! And, you just taketo it like you been doing it since away back ! . You see, P. A. is crimp cutand a cineh to handle ! It stays putand you don't lose a lot when you, start to hug the paper around the tobacco 1You'll like Prince Albert in a jimmy pipe as much as you do in a homerolled cigarette, too! Bite and parch are cut out by our exclusive patentedprocess. You know P. A. is the tobacco that has led three men to smokepipes where one was smoked before. Yes sir, Prince Albert blazed theway. And, me-o-my, what a wad of smokesport will ripple your wayevery , time you fill up ! vAwaiting your say-so, you'llfind toppy red bags, tidy redtins, handsome pound andhalf pound tin humidorsand that classy, practicalpound crystal glass humidorwith sponge moistener top)that keeps Prince Albert insuch perfect condition !R. J. Reynolds TobaccoCompanyWinston-Salem. N. CINDIGESTION, BIHU0SNESS, CONSTIPATION.Chamberlain's Tablets have restored to health and happiness hundredswho were afflicted with indigestion,biliousness and constipation. If youare troubled in this way give them atrial. You are certain to be pleasedfor they will benefit you.(oct-adv)MARGOLEN'SBIG SPECIALSFor This Week10-pound bucket PureLard for $3.00Pure Pork Sausage3pounds for $1.00Pork Chops 35cBest Cuts Steaks 35cRoast 25cSpring Lamb ,Hindquarters 35cFrontquarters 30cMARGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketFILLSHOWINGorMILLINERYFOR IMMEDIATEWEARTWIN BROS.Department Store7th and Main Paris, KyCHHENDRICKS"THE SCREEN MAN"All Metal Window Screensand Weather StripsHIGGINS MANUFACTURING CO.MAKERS OFWINDOW EQUIPMENTWhen you think of Window Screens and WeatherStrips, think of HENDRICKS.When you think of Hendricks, think of WINDOWSCREENS and WEATHER STRIPS.His Name is T. A; HENDRICKSand he lives and has offices at264 Rand Ave., Lexington, Ky.Telephone 2585A card simply addressed to "Hendricks, the ScreenMan," will reach him, as he is the best known screenman in Kentucky.Ninety-eight per cent, of the screens in Bourboncounty are Higgins Manufacturing Company make.Higgins Metal Screens and Strips are recognized asthe best by all good architects.aeeoaao.aaooaaoaaa4-JU-3'U4"-g: -'-ri- jii.uL--'"i!i -!-"i"ij' ii mj;tj , ' -!!. u jj. "JillI SPECIAL SALE Ic a-- . 1K 9Hi,Detroit Jewel Stoves, Rangesand FurnacesMr, S, E. Guinn, of the Detroit StoveWorks, is with us for a few days.Come in and let him explain to youthe remarkable performances of theJewel Pipeless furnace and Combination Coal and Gas Ranges., GET A JEWELAND SAVE PUELT. W.314 Main St.m?. ftmakMltm?, --hiiSPICERParis, KentuckyLm-rSmWiii:i.''tW9Send That Next Job of Printing to TheBourbon News. Best Work: Right Pricesf L..-r FRIDAY, OCTOBER 24, 191STHE BOTOBOH HEWS. PARIS. E3HTITC1T- ,-METHODISTS TO OPEN TIGHT ONCIGARETTES.1TAT.TAN AMBASSADOR DEAD INWASHINGTON.$o abort a coldand prevent complications, takeDr. Clarence T. Wilson, Washington, D. Cv secretary of the temperance board of the Methodist Churchat the international convention ofthe Disciples of Christ in Cincinnat,declared in an address that elimination of the cigarette would be thenext crusade undertaken by hischurch. "The cigarette impaired thehealth of 2,000,000 soldiers in ourarmy,' he declared. "We have beenjsold out by the White House bandto the tobaco trust.' -alotabsThe purified and refinedcalomel tablets that arenausealess, safe and sure.Medicinal virtues retained and improved. Soldonly in sealed packagesPrice 35c."THESE RATS WOULDN'T EAT MYBEST GRAIN," SAYSFRED LAMB.It's hard to keep rats out of a feedstore. Tried for years. A neighboring store sold me some RATSNAP. It worked wonders. Gathered up dead rats every morning.Bought more RAT-SNAP. Haven'ta rat now. They wouldn't eat mybest grain when I threw RAT-SNAParound." Three sizes, 25c, 50c,$1.00. Sold and guaranteed by theFarmer's Supply Co.(oct-adv)oToo many flowery remarks oftencause a budding genius to appearlike a blooming idiot.55c a packagebefore the warc a packageduring the warc a packagemwTHE FLAUOR LASTSSO DOES THE PRICE!. 157 jifthe Leather INLMShoePelishesjvyV KeepYour Shoes Neat A Iffcj. LIQUI03AtttrFA5TESF0R llACKvV M WOWHITE , TAN AND OX-BLOOD AmimfJOOARK BROWN)SHOES'V! WOOD, STUBBS & COMPANY7 CUMULATIVE PREFERRED STOCKfr&rrcd. as to assets and dividends. Annnal Sinking Fund payments of10 of net earnings will be used to purchase Preferred Stock at not overreilO and accrued dividend.Net earnings for past three years have averaged over four times dividendn requirements on this stock.Net quick assets egual $131 per share on all Preferred Stock, and total netsaets equal $259 per share.PRICE lOO. Special Circular on Request.JAMES C. WILLSON & CO.-SIO S. Fifth Street,- LOUISVILLE, KY.WASHINGTON, October 23.Diplomatic and official Washingtonto-day, mourned the death of CountV. Machi Di Cellere, Italian Ambassador to the United States for thelast six years. The Ambassador'sdeath occurred Monday night, as hewas about to undergo an operationat a hospital here.Few members of the diplomaticcorps were aware that the countwas ill. His illness dated from lastSaturday, but not until yesterdaywas his condition considered serious.He then was hurried to a hospital,his physician hoping that an operation might save his life, but deathcame before the operation could beperformed. His death was ascribedto mesenteric thrombosis formationof a blood clot in the tissues of themesentery.Following diplomatic custom, theUnited States will assign a battleship to convey the body to Italy.Ambassador Di Cellere was aboutto close his work here, after havinghandled a number of difficult questions both during the war and sincethe cessation of hostilities. BaronRomane Avezzano recently was appointed to relieve him.1EaBAYERnMEANS ASPIRINISGENIESafely Stops Headaches as Told in"Bayer Packages"f () Hair? J ttMJjff'SiMillions of men and women haveproved "Bayer Tablets of Aspirin"with the "Bayer Cross" on tablets,the quickest, surest, safest relief fortheir Headaches, Colds, Neuralgia,Toothache, Earache, Rheumatism,Lumbago,' Neuritis. Pain seems tofade right away.Buy only a Bayer package containing proper directions. Alwayssay "Bayer."Handy tin boxes of 12 tablets costbut a few cents. Druggists also, selllarger "Bayer" packages. Aspirin isthe trade mark of Bayer Manufacture of Monoaceticacdester of Salicylicacid. (adv)oIt is quite customary now forTurkish women to have their shoessinned at the public stands in thestreets.CATARRH CANNOT BE CUREDWith LOCAL APPLICATIONS, asthey cannot reach the seat of the disease. Catarrh is a local disease,greatly influenced by constitutionalconditions, and in order to cure ityou must take an internal remedy.Hall's Catarrh Medicine is taken internally and acts through the bloodon the mucous surfaces of the system. Hall's Catarrh Medicine wasprescribed by one of the best physicians in this county for years. Itis composed of some of the best tonics known, combined with some ofthe best blood purifiers. The perfectcombination of the ingredients inHall's Catarrh Medicine is what produces such wonderful results in catarrhal conditions. Send for testimonials, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Props., Toledo, O.All Druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (oct-adv)oIt is estimated that something like15,000,000 dead are interred in theRonian catacombs.CONSTIPATION.T4ie beginning of almost every serious disorder is constipation. If youwant to enjoy good health keep yourbowels regular. This is best accomplished by proper diet and exercise,but sometimes a medicine is neededand when that is the case you willfind Chamberlain's Tablets are excellent. They are mild and gentle intheir action, easy and pleasant totake. Give them a trial. They onlycost a' quarter.(oct-adv)oWhen opals are first taken fromthe mine they are so soft that theycan be picked to pieces with thefinger nail.oThe Whilring Dervish seems tobelieve that turn about is fair play.oJAMES STUCKY SAYS, "RAT COSTME $125 FOR PLUMBINGBILLS."V V ,'. --"""HMMuA man'sbest paliisjtis smoke."Meet you after the movies"Ches. FieldNOTHING like following up a good showwith a good smoke Chesterfield.No ordinary cigarette, this. Mellow as anold friend, but rich with flavor the kindthat goes right to the spot.Our own buyers in the-Orient select for usthe choicest Turkish leaf i We blend withthis several varieties of specially selectedDomestic tobacco. This blending by asecret method brings out new qualities offlavor that other and less expert methodsfail to And.That's what we mean by "satisfy" anentirely new kind of smoking enjoymentthat you get in Chesterfields only nowhereelse; for the blend is a closely guardedsecret. It can't be copied.jfcMJ&frUtfMfa.20 For 20 Cents -and the blend pcan't be copied yM HWILL YOU SAVE 50c ON RATSNAP TO SAVE $100?One 50c package can kill 50 rats.The average rat will rob you of $10a year in feed, chicks and propertydestruction. RAT-SNAP is deadly torats. Cremates after killing.Leaves no smell. Comes in cakes.Rats will pass up meat, grain,cheese to feast on RAT-SNAP. Threesizes, 25c, 50c, ?1.00. Sold andguaranteed by the Farmers' SupplyCompany.(oct-adv)"We couldn't tell what was clogging up our toilet and drains. Wehad to tear up floor, pipes, etc.,found a rat's nest in basement.They had choked up pipes with refuse. The plumber's bill was $125.RAT-SNAP cleaned the rodent out."Three sizes, 25c, 50c, $1.00. Soldand guaranteed by the Farmers' Supply Company.(oct-adv)Sometimes the person who puts onlots of airs has to change his tune.ttia orchestra, conductor shouldnot have-more players tbane canshake a stick at.THIS WOMANSAVED FROMAN OPERATIONBy taking LydiaE. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound, Oneof Thousands of Such Cases.ESJnBF-- ' -" HIIII!IHHIh?k99pv x iiiiiKGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.Black River Falls, Wis. "AsLydiaE. ' Pinkham's Vegetable Compoundsaved me irom anoperation, I cannotsay enough in praiseof it I suffered fromorcranic troubles and,my side hurt me so1 could naraiyoe upfrom my bed, and Iwas unable to do myhousework. I hadthe best doctors inEau Claire and theywanted me to havean operation, butLvdia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound cured me so I didnot need the operation, and I am tellingall my friends about it" Mrs. A. W.Binzer, Black River Falls, Wis.It is just such experiences as that ofMrs. Binzer that has made this famousroot and herb remedy a household wordfrom ocean to ocean. Any woman who3uffers from inflammation, ulceration,iisplacements, backache, nervousness,irregularities or "the blues" should-vi J,4--iint;i alia Visa criven it a trial.and for special advice write Lvdia E. xPinkham Medicine uo., lynn,THE TTNIVERSAL CARThe Ford One Ton Truck is serving businessi just as faithfully and economically as does the'Ford Touring Car serve all the people faithfullyand economically. The Ford Truck is a necessity to the grocer both in delivering goods andin bringing goods from the stations, docks andfrom the country. It h an ideal motor carbecause' there isn't a want of the farmer orbusiness man that it doesn't supply in the wayof quick transportation at a minimum expense.Come in, examine thejlruck, and let us talk(over -the subject.'RUGGLES MOTOR CO.16 Ba nk Row, Paris, Ky.4 ' -A'r -iI4t&f:'AV-i- xsr"?Aaw, 4V?.3r-HWw,w mmmm.IKTHE BOURBON NEWS, PAULS, KEITUUHFRIDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1919WLKIIGHTGrand Opera HouseTuesday, October 28The Big Musical Comedy of the SeasonDirect from Nora Bayes Theatre", New York'Come Along'A Bright, Tuneful Musical Show, with Girl Bright Comedy andTuneful Music, presented by Company of 35.IALAMO and GRANDToday, FridayDorothy GishAlamo Night OnlyTomorrow, SaturdayTom MooreINBrown ofHarvard''Also Bill Parsons Comedy'THEY'RE OFF'Also James Corbett in "TheMidnight Man."ALAMO and GRANDMonday, October 27thALAMOAFTERNOON, 2:00-5:30GRANDEVENING, 7:00-10:30iININ"OUT ofLUCK"AlsoAlso Anne Luther and CharlesHutchison in"The Great Gamble""Esmeralda"ejADMISSIONAdults 18cf war tax 2c 20cChildren and GallervAlso James Montgomery FlaggComedy"The 'Con' in Econmy"And Holmes Travel Picture.it 9c plus lc war tax 10cMARYPICKFOROIfA"irInAlamo and Grand Saturday,The Really BigDramatic Sensationof the Year!a Her first appearance as an' J ADMISSION-Adults- MILLERSBURGSee the Viking Separator atCaldwell's.See the nice line of winter foot. -wesr -at Caldwell's.-Born, on Sunday, to Mr. andIMrs. J. A. Cuimber, a son, second3wrn.rElder I. C. Vanwmkle and Post--xaaster J. B. Cray returned Mnday" from Cincinnati, where they attend-4 scl the National Convention of theCShristian church.Capt. T. K. Smith and Mr. Re--TFfilwere given the Fellowcraft Decree in Amity Lodge No. 40, F. &A. M., Tuesday evening. The work-was done by R. C. Bonar, W. M.Prof. W. H. Arnold, of Bards--"lown,has been elected principal of-Die Millersburg Graded School tosucked Prof. C. B. Bush ,who recently resigned on account of illhealth. Communion service will be held.in the Presbyterian church Sunday- morning. Preparatory services willle 'held Saturday afternoon at threeo'clock, after which there will be acalled, meeting of the session.-"Mr. G. W. Bramblette and family have moved to their home recently repaired, which was partiallydestroyed by fire several weeks ago,irom a part of the home of Mr. Da--rid Cassidy, where they have since-. rresided. . . t t' Mr. and Mrs. S. E. Bruce request the honor f yur presence attie marriage of their daughter, Mary3raise, to Mr. James Patterson Lail,-en "Wednesday, the twenty-ninth,CTiehousand nine hundred and nineteen, 'at four o'clock, Methodistr church, Millersburg, Ivy.The student body of the GradedSchool gave a box supper at theschool building Wednesday evening.uite a large crowd was in attend--srace,all the boxes selling well, and- -a, nice little sum was realized, whichTwill ge to the State Orphan Home,i, axTiOuisville.oALL RACING OPENS AT MT.STERLING.The opening of the Mt. Sterlingi sll races was attended Wednesday: afternoon by a poor crowd, owing to'the inclement weather, but notwithstanding the attendance the full pro-Sram was raced. The 2:30 trot wasx won by Bessie Brooke, of he Bean. stable, with Peter Patchen second."Owing to a heavy track the time wasslow, the best heat being trotted in.2:33.jffiss running race of five-eights ofa mile was won by Claude Walker,-with Winnie McGeen second and BeeXine third. The three-quarter mile-irace was won by Doily, with Marty"Xon second and Ague third. Thethird race at fourth of mile, was wonXby Mae Maulsby, Plunger finishing: second and Safranor third.The feature of the day, the Col."Hamilton Purse for $300, was won"y Miss Herrmann at odds of 9.80on a $2 ticket, with Thirteen secondrand Kingozi third.A Complete Optical ServiceFor Out-of Town PeoplePeople who come to Lexington for a single daywill appreciate this quick service in the examination of the eyes.The examinations are free and the glasses areground in our own shops and delivered to you on-the same day.Extremely moderate charges prevail and thecharacter of all our work is marked by high qualityand skill.Fayette Optical Shop313-315 West Main StmtNAZIM0VAAmerican heroine. It's her31c plus 4c war tax, 35c.REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSMrs. Sara Daniels- purchased thisweek of Mr. J. Will Thomas, agent,a double house located at the cornerof High and Fifteenth streets, for aprivate price. Miss Daniel purchased the property for investment purposes. The R. H. Herrington real estateagency sold to Mr. F. M. Wilson, ofRosedale Addition, fifty-five acres ofland near Burlington, in Boonecounty, for $6,500. Mr. Wilson soldhis home in Rosedale to Mr. OllieSwimm, for $1,200. Possession tobe given on January 1, 1920.Mr. J. A. Wagoner, of Paris, purchased of Mrs. W. H. Fisher and herson, Wm. P. Fisher, their two-storyframe residence located at the corner of Main and Nineteenth streets,for something over $6,000. Possession will be given in about sixtydays, when the purchaser will moveto the property.oMcDONALD.The funeral of Francis Earl McDonald, son of Mr. and Mrs. M. G.McDonald, formerly of Clintonville,who died in Louisville, Tuesday, washeld at eleven o'clock yesterdaymorning, with services conducted atthe grave in the Lexington Cemetery, by Rev. I. J. Spencer, of Lexington. The pall-bearers were: WalkerNelson, Edward McCubbin, John-RipJinrrlsrm. "Embrv McDonald. J.- L.Colbert and Jeff Weathers.B-4 EIREInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,AgtsCLARK COUNTY HOME DESTROYED BYJTRE.The home of Claude Shimfessel,fnear Ruckerville, in Clark county,was entirely destroyed by fire of unknown origin, Tuesday. The contents of the home also went up inthe flames. There was no insuranceon the home or its contents.oFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan, OBOX SUPPER AT THE COLVILLESCHOOL.Mrs. Jimmie Alice Bowles announces a miscellaneous supper atColville School to-night, (Friday),October 24, for benefit of Children'sHome Society, of Louisville.Of course a person can't completelycontrol his nerves, but he ought notto act always as if he were patchedtogether with mustard plasters.Lexington, Kentucky: :DEATHS.own version of Maude Fulton's smashing stage play.Children and Gallery 22c plus 3c war tax, 25cMATRIMONIAL.A marriage license was issuedWednesday from the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton, to Mr. CharlesMcDonald, 24, and Miss Myrtle Morns, 21, both of Bourbon county.A marriage license was issuedWednesday from the office of theClark County Court at Winchester,to Mr. Charles Craycraft, 45, andMiss Florence Evans, 42, both ofBourbon county.BRUCE LAIL.The following invitations havebeen issued: "Mr. and Mrs. L. E.Bruce request the honor of yourpresence at the marriage of theirdaughter, Mary Louise, to Mr. Jas.Patterson Lail, on Wednesday, thetwenty-ninth of October, one thousand, nine hundred and nineteen, atfour o'clock, Methodist church, Millersburg, Kentucky." ,EBERHARDT GROTE.Myron F. Grote, editor of theVanceburg Sun, who has been a frequent visitor in this city, was married a short time ago, to Miss AgnesEberhardt, who was at the time attending school at London, Ky.,where the marriage took place. Theboys of his home town gave him arousing "chivaree" when he broughthis bride home. THE NEWS proposes 'the time-honored, toast of poorold Rip Van Winkle: "May you livelong and prosper."SPEEDER HAS NARROW ESCAPEINApp.A Maxwell speeder, driven byJohn H. Barlow, of Carlisle, ranover an empankment on the Lexington and Paris pike, near Hutchison,Tuesday. The machine was almostcompletely demolished- Mr. Barlowescaped with slight bruises and asevere shaking up.According tQ Mr. Barlow he lostcontrol of the car when the steeringgear broke. The machine plungedfrom the road, turning over threetimes in its flight down the embankment. Mr. Barlow jumped assoon as he realized his danger, thereby saving himself from serious injury. The damaged machine wassent to a garage and Mr. Barlowcame on to Paris, en route home.AMEEICAK LEGION MEETINGPOSTPONED TO MONDAY.On account of the absence of Mr.William Collins, who was to havemade an address to the members, themeeting -of Bourbon Post, AmericanLegion, scheduled for Saturdaynight, has been postponed until Monday night, at the same place andtime.Mr. Collins will miake a report ofthe proceedings of the State meetingof the American Legion, at Louisville, which he attended as a delegate representing Bourbon Post. Hewas called to Indiana on a businessmission, and wired that he could notreturn in time to be present at themeeting set for Saturday night.HOW B0UEB0N FARMING LANDSHAVE ADVANCED.As an illustration of the remarkable increase in the valuation ofBourbon county farm lands in thepast two years, Sheriff Will G-. Mcniintnck. of Paris, nurchased Mon-I day from Fiank Collins an interest in a tract of land near the citylimits of Paris, known as "Griffith'sWoods," for ?500 an acre.Two years ago Mr. McClintock,Mr. Frank Collins and Mr. Henry S.Caywood purchased this property,containing 311 acres, for $200 anacre. They resold 200 acres to Mr.John Woodford at the purchaseprice. In 1918 they built two largetobacco barns from the timber on theI lands, and raised a crop of tobaccoI which netted 135,000. Mr. McClin-tock then, bought Mr. Cay wood's oneUhird interest for $400 an acre, andthis year his barns are filled with acrop of tobacco which it is estimat! ed will net about $40,000.j One of the worst things about thisworld is that a man's earning capacity decreases before his appetitedoes.j oI And even if we didn't have prohibition few of us could afford to rollin the .gutteiv while clothes 'cost likethey do now. -Oct. 25thThe Incomparable, in"The Brat"ISADORE .DUNCAN AT .LEXINGTON, MONDAY.The individual seat sale for theIsadora Duncan Dancers, who willcome to the Lexington Opera House,matinee and night, Monday, October27, will open at the Ben Ali boxoffice Friday and continue Saturdayand Monday. The sale of seasontickets for the four-night performances of the Artist Concert Seriesclosed Thursday night. The sale ofseason pickets has been very large,but there are yet many good seatsto be sold.No engagement of the entire season is of more artistic significancethan the coming of the Isador Duncan Dancers, who appear Mondayjointly with George Copeland, theworld's greatest interpreter of theFrench music. (adv)NEWSPAPER CHANGESAuvt Hoffman, of Eewing, has assumed the editorial and businessmanagement of the Inquirer, published for many years at Ewing byLee S. McGohan. McGohan has retired from the newspaper business,in which he has no doubt becomeconvinced there is no possible chanceto make a fortune and be your ownboss at the same time. The Inquirer was at one time the pet possessionof the late John D. Wyatt, who spentmany years in building it up into apaying proposition, and then quit thegame.New Fall BootsOf Style and Quality!Tomorrow (Saturday) we offer new arrivals of the very newest advanced Fall Models, representing a great assortment of highest quality . footwear, at prices made possible only by our value-giving economy store.You'll Be Greatly BenefittedBy Buying Your New Shoes Here!SPECIAL OFFERING -of Ladies' Beautiful Mahogany Tan English Lace Boots, also "Glazed Q f OkKid in Black English and High Heels, values up to 8.50, Special .... P WWLadies' Beautiful Fall $6.50 values, Boots in Tan and Black Kid.High and Low HeelsSpecial $4.99Buy Your School Shoes Now.You Big Money.Misses' and Children's $3.50 GunMetal ShoesSpecial $2.49Men's $5.50 Gun Metal Englishand Medium Toe ShoesSpecial $3.99DAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe Store Where Beauty and Economy ReignA Glimpse of Broadway when "ComeAlong" Comes Along"Come Along" is lively and bright, youngand clean, and deserving of your best efforts to help it along.Chas. Darnton, New York Evening World.PRICES 35c TO $2.00 PLUS WAR TAX ySeats Saturday at Box OfficeOur large assortmentof variety and stylesassures you completesatisfaction atLadies' New Fall Boots in GrayKid, Gun Metal, English Style,$6.00 GradesSpecial $3.99Misses $4.00 Tan and Gun MetalLace BootsSpecial $2.99Men's $4.00 extra good Tan andBlack Work ShoesSpecial $2.99iPRICESn 1 1 . t11 I IA 'A I-y " ImJT i. 'itLadies' and Growing Girls' $5.00Gun Metal English BootsSpecial $3.49We Can SaveMisses and Children's $3.00 GunMetal ShoesSpecial $1.99Best Boy's Dress and SchoolShoes, $5.00 Grades.Special $3.49-smT-i"tF7- 4 i