wxvvi?tVJsVUj-"at. rJ.NEWS'r1 "" i " ' r?ti-&V-.&VIrPUBLISHED .EVERY TUESDAY ANIKFRFUY IN- THE YEAR.'-fli.-TyVOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, FEBRlARY 18, 1919Y , ' vi"L.THEBOURBONI1fpet$SEL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSMr. and Mrs. Porter Jett purchased of Mr. John Duvall his cottage onEast Nineteenth street ,in the oldFair Grounds Addition, for about $2,750. The purchasers will get possession of the property on March 1.'Mr. and Mrs. John Arkle have soldtheir frame cottage, located at thecorner ot High and Sixteenth streets,to Mr. E, Brewshaugh, of the Metropolitan Life Insurance Co., at a private price. Mr. Brewsaugh will -moveto the property. 'Mr. Thomas Neff, of Fayettecounty, has sold his sixty-three acrefarm on the Athens pike, in thatcounty, to Mr. "W. H. Davis, of Bourbon county, for a private price. Thesale was made through the MessickPkeal Estate Agency, of Lexington.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney sold Saturday' at the cour house door forMrs. Nannie J. Haggard, executrixof James Haggard estate, a cottageon Vine street, to Jacobs Elvove, forJj&7 5,' and to the same purchaserthree cottages on Virginia Avenue,dnefor $680, o-ne for ?650,-and one?600., Mr. and Mrs. H. D. Campbeljl purchased of Rev. R. H.. Herrington,through Mr. Chas. P. Mann, of theParis Realty Co., three one-storyframe cottages, located on Sixteenthstreet, for $6,0ft).' Oneof the cottages was puchased for 'Mrs. Campbell's sister, Mrs. Emma Browning,who recently sold her nocne on Highstreet. ' --Through the Walter Clark RealEstate Agency Mr. Frank P. Walker,lately of Paris, now residing in Eminence, sold to Mrs.Lucy Letton, ofnear Jackstown, hjs one-story brfckcottage at the corner of Main andTwelfth streets, for ,$7,0 00.Mrs. Letton recently sold herfaijm. on the Jackstown pike to Mr.J. H. Letton. She will probably moveto Paris and occupy the home.OFFICIAL ORDER REVEALS CAPT.HUTCHCRAPT REAL HEROThat Capt. Reuben B. Hutchcraft,of Paris, who was killed in actiononly four days before the signing ofthe armistice, was a real hero, is nowevidenced by an official order fromthe War Department at Washington,citing him 'for bravery for the commission of the act which led to hisdeath. His heroism won for him theDistinguished Service Medal, whichwill be serf to his mother, Mrs. R.B. Hutchcra'ft, of this city.This award officially reveals his-prqmotion to the rank of Captain, ashe was only a lieutenant when heleft" the American shores. He was atype that is too seldom seen jn Kentucky public life. The officiar description of the-act which led to deathand honor is as follows:"Capt. Reuben B. Hutchcraft (deceased), 166th Infantry. For extraordinary heroism in action nearSedan, France, November 7, 1918.Capt. Hutchcraft personally- tooksommand.of a platoon of his company which was designated as advance guard, and led his patrol tothe most advanced position reachedby any of our troops during the engagement. He was'killed while making reconnaisance within thirtyyards of the - enemy guns. v Next ofkin, Mrs. Reuben B. Hutchcraft,mother, Paris, Kentucky, U. S. A."o : vBEST QUALITY SEEDS.Highest quality Red Clover,Alsike, Timothy, Seed Oats,Cotton Seed Meal. vCHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(feb-14-tf)oDOGS KILL SHEEP.IN HE SERVICE OP THEIRCOUNTRY.'- Floyd Vakely, son v of Mr. andMrs. Charles Wakely, of this city,has returned to his home in this city,from Camp Meade, Maryland, where,he has been stationed for severalmonths. Mr. Wakely has receivedhis final discharge frdm the .serviceof Uncle Sam, and will resume hisformer position in this city.Harris & Speakes, real estateydeal-era of this city, sold at public auction on the premises "Tuesday thehome of Mrs. Elizabeth Collins, .together with a tract -of nine and-one-halfacres of land, located on fhaClintonville pike, near Paris. Thepurchaser was Mr. W. E. Turner,Private George Glenn has returnedfrom .Carnp Meade, Maryland, to hishome near Paris. He has receivedhis final discharge papers from theservice and will resume his formerposition with the A. J. Winters Co.,where he was a highly valued assistant for many years. Private Glennis in fine health, after passingthrough a severe attack of influenza:1 In the casualty list issued by theWar Department last week appearedthe name of Corooral Lawrencej Bowden, who-wasreported as havingbeen severely wounaea. uorporaiBowden is a son of Mrs. MaggieWelsh Bowden, formerly of Paris,and a nephewof Misses Agnes andElla Welsh, who were formerly menribers of the clerical force at 'Frank& Co.'s, in this city.Eight sheep were killed and several others badly crippled when aband, of cur dogs made a raid op. theflocks of Watt Kiser and Jos. H.Ewalt, nar Ewalt's Cross Roads, inthis county. Heavy losses by theraids of dogs hate been reported byfanmers in other portions of thecounty.and the price paid $8,500. The former-ownerbought the place a fewweeks ago, from Mr. Charles Clendenin, lately of Paris, for about $7,500. Possession will be given onMarch A. The salne flnm also sold atpriyate sale' for Mrs. Carrie Fisherher bungalow residence, on Cypressstreet, to Mr. J. W Allen, of NorthMiddletown, for ?4,000. -THE NEWS has received a, numberof letters from men in the service, &11 J3f an interesting nature,which we are compelled to defer toanother issue. Lack-of space caused by a pressure of advertising necessitanes postopning the publication of these letters. W,e have beentold many times thatj two of ' themost interesting departments- ofTHE NEWS were "In The Service"and "Letters From Soldiers," and wehope to add these additional lettersin a very early issue.VIFRANK & CO.-- Ladies' outfitters ' ' '- "i iWe Are- Now SnowingEarly Spring Models' INEVENING DRESSESDINNER DRESSESSPRING SUITS ' 'SPRINGr COATSAH,-A radio "message, from overseas wasreceived by Mr. and Mrs. Charles V.Higgins, of Paris, from their on,Private Frank Higgins, who hasbeen in France with the AmericanExpeditionary Forces, for (manymonths. The message stated that hewas on the steamer Madawaska,bound for the United States, wherethe boys will be mustered out of theservice. Private Higgins will cometo Camp Zach'ary Taylor, where hewill receive his final discharge papers, and will x return to his ,homenear Paris. '. Dr. Martha Petree, of this city,has received aj copy of the HoltCountv Sentinel. Dublished in Oregon, Missouri, in which appears airaccount of the death of her nephew,Lieut. Harris Er Petree, who was inthe aviation service with the American Expeditionary Forces'in France.An-official communication from theWar Department at Washington, torelatives in Oregon, Mo., stated:"Our Paris office has cabled, us under date of January 15th, the following: Aviator Morrison Cooper,"With assistance of the Red Cross, visited regions and reports as follows:"Lieutenant Harris E. Petree, Pilot 139th Aero wadron, killedSept. 26te. Buried clmetery DeLut,southeast Lenguyin. Killed aftercombat lasting one hour againstseven enemy scout planes. Had ,several opportunities to escape, but returned again and again. Hero-ofvillage. Made name of Americans asymbol of courage Wd'' fortitude.Mailing sworn statement of thisvofficer's heroism." " ' "; PPARIS TEAMS.IJEEAT WINCHESTEE HIGH "SCHOOL. - -'TOBACCO MARKETS.3 "When the week's sales closed quth& Paris market Friday night a season's total of 8,924,805 pounds of tobacco had been sold on.the floors ofihedifferent houses. Of this amountthe Independent Hduse sold-' 2,8 09,560 pounds for an average or $42.23,and the Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCompany sold a total of- 6,924,805pounds, for an average of $42.47.The receipts for .the past ' weekwere rather light, owing to the dryweather, butx the week-end' rainsagain put thVtobacco in good "cajSe,"'and heavy recipts are again lookedfor thi week. Close estimates placethe tobacco in this county tyet to beplaced on the market at about threemillion pounds. This is now beingrapidly stripped and prepared for themarket. It is estimated that betweeneleven and twelve million pounds oftobacco will have been sold on thefloors of the Paris houses whdn theseason has reached the end. This willbe an increase of two bnillion ..poundsovej: that of last season. So rapidlyhas the Paris market advanced thatboth the Independent and the Bourbon Warehouse companies are plan-nig the ercetipn of new brick warehouses to hold an immense quantityof tobacco for next season, which,jud'ging from preparation being madeby the growers and predictions madeby Well-posted tobacco men, will beone of the greatest and most profitable ever known in the history ofthe-industry.Mr. 0. H. Wicoff, auctioneer " forthe Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCompany, has been retained by thatcompany to conduct their sales nextseason. Mr. Wicoff came to Parisfrom Rocky Mount, North Carolina,and has made himself soltd with thetobacco -people here by his ability asan auctioneer and his genial manner.iSales we-; nor held at the Parisand Bourbon II -?os on Mondaymorning or acco j.t ofJ!he funeralof T H. Cl2, Jr.Sales' bCfoin in Haris House at oneo'clock, wh-.. 78 65 pounds of tobacco wen. -oid f. r ?38,897.98, anaverage of $49.5There vt,c a 1 ieNpercentage oflow gr 'de lobaci in this ofleringMASS MEETING TO CONSIDER. SOLDIER PLANS.There was a good crowd at theOpera House Sunday afternoon, whenthe hou arrived for, holding themas-meeting called for the purposeof considering plans for the memorialfor Bourbon county soldiers whO'havemade the supreme, sacrifice for theircountry.Preceeding the meeting the Liberty Drujm and Bugle Corps, underthedirection of Rudolph Davis, gavea parade on Main street, returningto the Opera House where they disbanded. The house was comfortablyfilled when the Grand Opera Houseorchestra, under the direction of Mr.Edward VanLeeuwe, rendered apleasing musical program of sacrednd pat'rjotic numbers..The exercises opened with thesinging by "the. members of the Commuhy Chorus, which was followedby the invocation by 'Rev. Frank M.vTinderr of North Middletown. TheCommunity Chorus rendered anotherselection. Hon. Emmett MDicksonDEPENDENTAT PARIS BETS; ran pricesuNew High Mart Made By Bovrfoa.County House 'When 79,591- . - 'hiPounds Bring $74.36A Hundred '--K-N't:;yVi:,'--- .""1 ;;. "and sone t,indes fc'ere a shade-lcwer.ihe quality of th offering and theaverage, however, 'Show hat therparket is .'-till-a mighty good one.Some crop i veiaps ft.ilow:Ardery & Offu't, 1,605 pounds,rveras ?u 32.Willies & Gio.s, 3,970 pounds,avenge $2i.iC.Sue Airsko,-o,75 poundb. average $ 7.J3Ca.iie.-t It Douglas, 1t640 pounds,averdgeo6.J. iUay cpmev, S,0f5 pounds,jrveia'j.e -i4 0.Ardery & I ie, 3,b?5 p'oundj, averag $-57.7 5. iy-V; mo r.t B.-os., 1 170 pounds, average S3S.80.onas, .laU x. i,ft)5 pounds, aver-jn"fc $s. r r. 'fayn c Eralt, 1,750 pounds, av-Kx. rx. wuMa, t,,o iwu""i . gt;bJ.yr,PARIS, KY., Feb. 13. The Independent Tobacco Warehouse ComJany, of Paris, Ky., which last yered all burley markets in the seasonaverage, 'highest floor average, high-.-- 1 - " I Hill . 1'IIIIIIIILLL. m m mw . . i m i - -delivered a short address, in which e!SbeL!aL??Se!!.?5:he paid a glowing tribute to theimemory oi tne $ourDon couniy ooyswho have given their lives on thebattlefield and in the camps. Miss'Mary Dan" Harbison sang a beautiful solo. Rev. J. B. Bush, of 'Lexington the principal speaker of theafternoon, delivered a fervid address,one which was pronounced by allwho heard it, to have been one ofthe mfcst taasterly they have" heardfor many months Rev. Bush wasfollowed by Mr. John T. Collins, ofaris, in a characteristic address.At a previous meeting of the committee on design, site, etc., it hadIbeen definitely decided to report faJ-vorably at this meeting for a memorial of the monument type, tobe erected in the court house yard.Many suggestions wetfe made to thecommittee by interested parties as tothe nature" of the memorial, theseconsisting of a memorial bridge, ahospital, a park, a fountain, archways, playgrounds, a public auditoium and numerous others. A1Jhese were given careful considerafion by the committee, but the decision to erect a (memorial monument sens to meet the popularpublic Wish, and on motion of Mr.John T. Collins it was decided tohave anothei meeting, to be held atthe court house to-morrow ('Wednesday) night, when the matter willagaii. be taken up and possibly disposed of finally. After the singingof another aong by the CommunityChorus and the benediction pronounced by Rev. R- C. Gcldsmith,'themeeting adjournedoPOR HRST-CLASS COAL, CALL3,95 . pounds,iolmafisCapesjy?tf?k.b. .&A- S ?Pepe" de Chene and Voile Blousess'rr,and:SKiftsi!Vi5;- r' t.-.iL.'The Paris High School and Winchester High School basketball teamshad a "rattling good time" with eachother Friday night on the floor, ofthe Y. M.-C. A. gy,mnasium, resulting iii a double victory for Paris.The boy's team snowed wincnes-ter High how to play basketball byputting up a one-sided game to thescore of 37 to 11. All the members ofthe ParisHeam played, like veterans,and the result was never in doubt.The game was featured by a "scrap"of a real sure e-nough nature betweena member of the Paris team and thecoach of the Winchester team, inwhich they came ,to blows, the Win-'Chester man getting the loser's endof' tfte purse.The, girls' team of the Paris HighSchool took a fall out of the Winchester girls' team by piling up ascore of 17 to 8. The Paris girlsvereKon their toes all the time andkept the game out of the doubtfulcolumn at every stage..cn-iCf.i.iv & Iio :aldsj.aui.a-e ?62.6C vuVla-tin Bnerly, 1 020 pounds, average S7.2iJjit'o & hitler, 1.900 pounds, avo a-o ?G9.60 . SI Arthur Mnreland, 2 755-pounds,avei-age ?&u.iiJ.Webber &- Munday, 2,755 pounds,average $51.50. 'Rice & Gaunce, 2,895 pounds, average $57.05. x "Brennan & t5ay, 2,815 pounds, average $56.89.J. J. PratheT, 4,690 pounds, average $55.17. .Caldwell & Thomas, 1,610 pounds,average-$47.07.Dodge & Gaihes, 4,070. pouhds, average $72.35. 'Vfmont & Wagoner, 4,975 pounds,average $31.30.Anderson & Rogers, 5,760 pounds,TEMPUN LUMBER CO. v. If you want first-class coal, try aload frojmTEMPLIN LUMBER CO.,Cumberland Phone 711,(14-t) Home Phone 510.eral crop average smashed all recordsto-day or the 1919 season when itsold a floor of 79,590 pounds of tobacco for $59,171.15 or a floor average of $74.36.It was by far the best lot of tobacco sold on the Paris market thiyear. It had the- quality, soundness, rtexture, condition and showed thatin stripping and assorting it had beenwell handled. It was not a picked lot oftobacco because one basket sold aslow as $22.50. The highest pricedbasket was a selection out of a croplot and sold at one7 dollar -and fiftycents a pound. It. was a beauty andas a fype of the cigarette kind outclassed the noted Carolina tobaccoThe event of to-'day's market was 'nothing unusual with the IndependentHouse and only the usual number of 'tobacco growers were on hand.It was quite eveident as4he trainedeye of the tobacco buyer glanced ovcvfloor that an offering of unusualcolor was before Him and when. Col.J. A. Squires, the rapid firevauctioneer started the ball to rolling,bidding was quick and sharp and buyers scrambled to get in and get a sliceof- the melon. The first basket abasket of fluffy flyings was knockedaff at 68 cents and from that momentto the sale of the last basket interestnever lagged. yThe Independent Tobacco Warehouse Company will hsgin the erec-tioh of anothSr commodious salewarehouse tp be built with the viewof rapid loading and unloading andwith superior light arrangements.luv.;0GET OUR PRICES FIRST. (D not buy anything in thClothing line until' you ttt myprieesf ' - 'a.. WOLLSTEIN,tf . Clothing Department-WE KNOW HOWKaverage 62.50.-oFRANK c GO.OUTFITTERSwasoer.I V ' LADIESI -. -V'. ..1 , IGC1JU .v - -e- - v - J. lofwedffti:(Contributed.) Nv .Tbejfarls High School girls playedan eAcellerit ga?ne Friday night andwere closely pursued by Clark couny Hig6 girJ. bur the good playingof MissfcMc-liniock put Paris overHie f op. Winchester's best playingdone b Miss pp ana MisbThe boys game opened with theppcond te?vi of Paris Hign vs. nrstarn of Clnrk County High and theT ari secont'.1 surprised the crowdby ending tbe flrft 1ialf in a scorer,f 1 to 6 in theii favorThe old vegulaitf were put in the-Inst half ai)V' shoved some good teamwork. EyciTbody starred- and thegame endt'J 37 o 11 in- favoi ofParis.',t oTiin'o p.iiinfAr jclvs that the reason she isn't- superstitious is becauseCLARK REALTY CO. MOVES- OPUCE TO COURT HOTJSE.Mr. Walter Clark has moved hisreal estate office to the County TaxCommissioner's office in the basementof the Court" House, where he is nowopen and ready for business.The Clark Real Estate Agencyhave on their lists a number ot verydesirable Bourbon farms that theywill sell at attractive prices. Likewise thev have many desirable nous-'es and lots in Paris for sale at reasonable prices. Possession on manyof .these pr6perties an be had tn-March 1, 1919. ,- If you , contemplate moving toParis"see Mr. Clark and buy a towohouse. You can sell later at a profltand save the, rent. Call in and lookover our lists. .CLARK REALTY UU-V(4-tf)Parisp Ky.IMPORTANT NOTICE TO THE PEO-PLE OEAKIS.Beginning to-day, Tuesday, February 18. all' city carriers' routes willbe -rearranged so that all Patrohs ofthe citv, now receiving matf will nave$rrrt otir-Hps a flav. except Clays--ville andRuckerville. both of whichWill receive morning delivery oniy.Under the postal rules all personsnot having receptacles tojiold mailwill have to call at the goneral deliv:erv-for their mail. This, HQtice hasbeen given' several" times and patronsare lrged Jto compiv wun mtsiu-1vjDotftExperimentwithy: Hats.tRITICAL DRESSERS find our new styles inStetson Hats just what they have in mindand you are sure of-Stetson Values, as youknow we carry a representative , line of Hats ofdifferent makes and a fine range of prices.v,time. she sl&ps-with-a slice Ueir mail wjfl be left in the -post-Lg-cakeswithundpr her head -she lv,; xcrtpnbs-in her halrv-.P WALTER PAYJNisi, -: v.We EmphasizeStetson Hatsbecause the tendency is all toward -higher pricedhats and we want you to know we-' ;can give yousound values.'.Drop in the next time you " rre passing by and let us ' N Z $&show you these . Hats."NVV$6.00 to $10.00,.nt c"-SiIMITCHELL & BLAKEMOREk - Nettleton Shoes 'f . Dr. Reed's Cushioir Sole hoes ry Manhattan hirtsJStetson Hatstinill.:)lm.4?trrt-iV4 .ftit-i.i- a t---Nl' -Vuuff vjs&.tV,.- r:-4i :r- 'Ik.y-KL-.v.. r-S, " K . N V "?- ?lfl TWOj?THE BOTTRBOir mSVyg, 31BIS, JCEHOTCgfTXftfgDAf, FEBjffiARY lS,,ilf, A- ifIE BOURBON NEWSErtaHishei 188137 Years of ConturaousJPublicatioii Mrtished Every Tuesday and FridayPerYear.$2.00 6 Months. .100JPayable in.Adavance.5WTET CHAMP, Editor and Owner.jffcLtered at the Paris, Kentucky,Poetoflice as Mall Matter ' of theSecond Class.)Any erroneous reflepUon upon thefrkaraoter, standing or reputation otMr person, firm or corporation whichMiy appear in the columns of THEBOURBON NEWS will be gladly corrected if brought to 'attention pi theeJttter.ADVERTISING RATESIMiplay Advertisements," $1.00 perinch for first time 50 cents per incheoh subsequent insertion.Reeding Notices, 10 cents per line; sue; reading notices in blackcents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candl-4ate, obituaries and resolutions, andelaiilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher Is reseivedto decline any advertisement or othermatter for publication.v Announcements for political officesmmt invariably be accompanied bythe cash.EDITORIAL MUSINGS.J Vork and Play.A' group of business men weregathered in a Paris restaurant theother alight discussing general business conditions, the influenza andall the various topics that come tohand when three or more jmen gettogether, (though, of course, thereis do such thing as a male gossip!)Th conversation finally driftedabound to the matter of work andvacations. One of the men, a prominent real estate dealer, made the remark: "It seems to me that the tendency everywhere is, to get awayfrom the old plan of long, wearisome working hpurs, and for the employer to give his help a chance torealize that they are1 human beingslike hjpiself , endowed with a capacityfor something besides drudgery ofevery day work, and to give him. a,hjLce to get acquainted with himself as a man and not as a slave."This opinion was concurred in byeveryone present. 'Dr. Douglas Howard, a prominentParis physician, who has been inMthe silent land" for many years,,once told the writer: "I believe thatthe business jnan of the future willsot spend half the time at his deskan4 in his office that is being spentthere by the business man of today. I bejieve that the biggest business men of the day are those who"play about as "hard as they work, andwho devote a considerable part of-their time to recreation. -1 contendthat efficiency demands as'fmuch vacation as work. gThe body must be-given work to create the energy thatdevelops .brain powej." . .The same theory is applied bythinking" business men to the forcesiliitheir employ who work with theirlikds.- Iftmay not be that -the future;wozkfcr-wilpeaff but nal' the tImeei?at toil by the worker of to-day,,but the future worker, with rare ex5Sptions, will be the man who bothtoils and plays and takes a little timeoff, from his slavery. His eight-hourDasis, the Saturday half-holiday willgire liim time to maintain jmaximumk energy .of body and greater contentment. Though there may be stillfound, everywhere those who thinkkn employee is a slave and not a realman.The Shortest Month.' 3Pebruaxy-came i on scheduletime, and baa so far proved a mixture of the good and the bad. It isthe shortest month In the year, andafter it has passed Spring may comeong and wear the green just assoon as she pleases, just uJ:eps her own and does not let thefrost and ice play havoc with Checowers and the blossoming. fJJ"-Tor we will again need all thesupplies which jmay be coaxed fromold Mother Earth this year.Nboth foitie benefit of the-peop at home andabroad, because the prices are nowS high-hat only a surplus of everycommodity ould bring them withinraaixm and abroad, because the refuee Wll bevunable to restore theflBrtllity to -their lamb and, gardenstor many more seasons to come, and,-weonust help to send them food andclothes. 'The Red Cross chapters and unitswill hare for their work this winterac spring the making '-of garmentstt seaiAhe refugees xmd all areaiiked to "speed up," no matter whattfcy weather and to be present at alltke-sewings and for the weeks toamB until they get the word thattfe need has been jmet in full meas-MrBtekLee being conspicuous asi theafaorteat jeonth February is also n6t-t forest 'Ven tine's Day, signs oreachiitr&mwfetefe. my Ireadybe seen-in,.thethre days, at the start than three. Georg wasningron s oircoaaymA the-tim to plant the firstpart,'HISS VIRGINIA SLADE,s Header and I personator,At the Paris High School Auditorium, Thursday Night, February 20,8:00 O'clock, Benefit of Kintergarden.. tof the gardens. The pleasures ofisociety are few and far between, somuch of sickness1 and sorrow crowdsin, but must not grow despondentand lose morale.. It is more needfulwhen the clouds of anxiety threatenthan when all's well with the worldsThe calendar for the rest of therest 'of the month tells of someprospective-weddings, the news to beannounced at Easter, but plenty oftime for preparation is given, as Lentdoes not begin until the fifth ofMarch and Easter Sunday, thereforefalls on about the 27th of April.oBack Home Again !One of the most helpful elementswe have read in the letters fnn thesoldier boys overseas is their loyaltyto the old home town and county andtheir longing to come back again toParis and Bourbon county hopnes.It means much when our boys admit that there is no place like home,and that they are counting the daysuntil they get back. In all the letters THE NEWS has received, and inall that we have read from Bourboncounty boys in the service this samedesire has been expressed. How Parisshould give them a warm welcomewhen they do return! How weought to show the pride we Have inthem! They will come back singlyand in pairs, as 'indeed, they havebeen coming for some tipne. We cannot received them all at once, but wecan show each fellow who -gets backthat we take an interest in him. Andthen, at least, when all are at home,we must have one grand night of welcome and reception, with a big feast,where they shall all sit together andtherest of us will look at them andsay, "These are the boys from Bourbon county who- answered theircountry's calk" It will be a glorioushomecoming for these boys and aproud moment for all of us.Cro Home!When tired, go home. When youwant consolation, go home. Whenyou, want fun, go home. When youwant' to show others that you Jiavereformed, go home and let yourfamilv eet acauainted with the fact.When you want to show yourself atyour best, go home and do the actUthere. When you feel like oemg extra' liberal, go home and practice onyour wife and children .first. Whenyou want to shine with more brilliancy then usual, go home and lightup the household.oMAY USE LOCAL BBAFT BOARDSTO DEMOBOIJZE. A plan to demobilize soldiers returned from France through localdraft boards instead of dischargingthem direct from camps is, being considered by the War Department, according to Police Commissioner Enright who made public details of interviews which he had at Washington with Secretaryof War Baker andProvost Marshal General Crowder.The proposed 'new system, the commissioner said, met with the approvalof General Crowder, while SecretaryBaker, who had decided against' theplan when it was urged on a previous occasion, promised 10 reconaiuerhis decision. f ,o :GKCTDTa BID OF COLDS.The easiest way to get rid of acold is to take Chemberlain's CoughRemedy. This preparation has beenin use for many years and its valuefully proven. No matter wh.at remedy you use, however, care must betaken not to contract anotherc soldbefore y'ou have recovered from thefirst one, and there is serious dangerin this. A man of middle age or older snouid. co to Dea umu tuuy xe-corftred. It is better lot stay in bedweeks later on.,i( adv-Feb JDREADFUL COUGH. CUBED,A severe cold is often followed bya rough cough for which Chamberlain's Cough Remedy has provenespecially valuable. Mrs. F. W. Olson, Marysville, Mo., writes: "Abouttwo years ago my little boy Jeancaught a severe cold and cougheddreadfully for days. I tried a number of c6ugh medicines but nothingdid" him any good until I gare himChamberlain's Cough Remedy. It relieved his cough right away and before he had finished taking one bottle he was cured. I think It is jiretfine for children."(adv-Feb.)BSCTCnaCl HUJDR. M. E. KING, M. D.And i" CHI-RO-RRAC-TORAnnounces The Removaf Of His OfficeFrwn 1809 WEST BROADWAYTo510 STARKS BUILDINGLouisville, Ky.Office Hours 10 to 1 and 4 to 7.. Office Phone City 262.(14-3t) 'For Sale$OneJ-foot glass counter case, andtwo interchangeable shelves, plateglass top. Will sell at a bargain.(14-3t) DR. W. K. FRANKLIN.For Sale.I offer at private sale the gentlest,and best family mare in Bourboncounty;, good driver; splendid chancefour anyone wishing to buy a gentleI mare.,MRS. NELUR S. HIGHLAND!(14-tf) .For SaleHaving leased my- farm and movedto town, I offer at private sale asolid mahogany set, consisting oflarge sideboard, serving table, dining table, one-half dozen chairs,and china closet.MRS. NELLIE 5. HIGHLAND.(14-tf)WANTEDXThree experienced paste boys towork with paper hangers. Apply tothe J. T. HTnton Co., corner Mainand Sixth Streets, Paris, Ky.(14-4t)Furs and HidesiWe pay highest prices for. iron,hides, junk and wool.MUNICH & WIDES & CO.,Eighth St., Paris, Ky.,Cumb. Phone 37 i.(23-tfWantedTo buy 5 room cottage, electricity,bath! State best price, location etc.CAPT.' HUGH CAMPBELL,115 Clark Street, Jeffersonville, Ind.(ll-4t)0H.WIK0FFrReal Estate and Live Stock Auctioneer the man who knows hdwExperience -counts.Call Bourbon Tobacco Ware.ho.uacorjaddress Box266,. Paris, Ky.(7-4t)WANTEDWanted at once, a good farm hand,by the month.CHARLTON ALEXANDER., Cumberland Phone 135.Paris, Ky.(4-tf),FOR RENT.Store room, fronting jon Mainstreet in Masonic Temple.Single room, second floor, runningwater, elevator acommodations, foroffice use or living apartment.0. T. HINTON, -Agt.,Masonic Temple.Attention, Farmers!If you need anything in the wayof Saddles, Collars, Bridles, Etc., Ihave the best money can buy andmake, at reasonable prices.If you want a watch, don't go to ablacksmith shop to buy it, and don'ttake your horse to a jeweler to gethim shod; always go to a mechanicand you will get the best goods andit won't cost any more than cheapgoods.(28-lmo N. KRIENER.Executor's Notice!All persons having claims againstthe estate of J. TvHinton, Sr., deceased, are requested to prove theirclaims as required by law, and filesame at the office of Hinton, Bradley& Bradley, Bourbon-AgriculatralBank & Trust Company, Paris,' Ky;All persons knowing themselves tobe indebted to the estate of J. TL Hinton, Sr., deceased, are requested, tocall at the sagne office and settle, jW. O. HINTON,Executor of J. T. Hinton, Sr. Dec'd.(ll-3t)PUBLIC SALEOFDesirable Residence IIf not sold privately before hand,I will offer at public auction, onTuesday, February 25, 1919,at 10:30 a. m., my very desirablehohie, located on corner of Main andTwelfth Streets, in Paris, Ky. Thishome should be seen to be appreciated. Fbr further particulars, addressF. P. WALKER,(14-4t) Eminence, Ky.PUBLIC AUCTION3 ' 'Two Due kill Farms!Having purchased aHouse door in Paris, Ky.,Saturday, Feb. 22, 1919two desirable suburban small farnas,. lying adjacent to the city of Paris, either ofwhich will makea most desirable money maker for persons looking for small farms..Nov 1.relocated on Howard's Lane, just off Second Street, beyond the limits of Paris. Fiveacres of this land will .grow tobacco, the remaining two acres is improved with anew tobacco barn and -three good rent houses. The land is well watered and willmake an ideal little home. , -JNo. 2 .Contains 14.94 Acres of Good, Deep Soil9located on the Georgetown pike, in the edge of Paris, and adjoining the land of Mr.Lee Cox. ' This small farm is unimproved, but has, some good tobacco land, andthe remainder will raise xmost anything it is planted: in There is a large frontageon the pike to this small tract of land, making it most desirable either as a "cultivating farm or for the purposeOne-third cash upon delivery of the deed,vthe balance, in one and two, ySars,deferred notes to bear 6 per cent interest..DR. J. A. GILKEYM. F. KENNEY Auctioneer. , PARIS, KENTUCKYPUBLIC SALEOStock, lmplements,&cHaving sold my farm, I will sell at public auction on the premises,known as the Wyatt farm, 1 mile from Paris, on the North MiddletownTpike, on ' 'Thursday, Feb. 20, 1919,beginning at ten o'clock, die following stock, crop, farming implements,etc: '1 teanTmules; 6 and 7 years old;team mules, 8 and 9 years old;1 seven-year-old horse, will workor drive anywhere ;1 four-year-old gelding, well broken;1 work mare, in foal to Jack;1 yearling pony,, broke for children;6 No. 1 Jersey cows;2 Jersey heifers ;1 white faced bull;5 calves;4 brood sows ;37 sheep, due to lamb in March;young Duroc boar; '45 shoats, will weigh about & poundseach;1 Black Hawk corn planter; N1 Big Four McCormick mower;. eight-foot McCormick binder;1 Black Hawk manure spreader;1 ten-hole Kentucky grain drill;.eight-foot double Colter packer;ten-hole Kentucky grain drill ;.1 Tiger tobacco setter;1 potato planter;1 biuE rake ;1 self-dump steel rake ;1 tandfem double disc harrow;2 riding cultivators;1 spring trip walking cultivator; ,2 two-horse wagons;2 combination hay frames;3 steel beamplows;3 steel beam jointers; '2 double? shovel plows;Planet Junior 7-tooth cultivators;1 one-horse turn plow;1 fifty-tooth harrow;1 pond scraper;4 sets plow double trees;1 feed grinder for engine power;1 Papec No. 13 Silo filler;1 ten-barrel water tank, pump andhose;'1 galvanized water tank;1 Stewart sheep shearer;V vugBJ' IBURGOO,TERMS Made knowmon dayFRED-orlarger farm, I will sell atat eleven o'clock a. m., onContkihs 7 Acres ofof sub-dividing and selling offfTerms.-(td) --iF1depot wagon ;-1 rubber-tired break cart;2 sets buggy harness;4 sets wagon harness;'"SJALot of plow harness ;3 twelve-foot farm gates;2 tarpaulins;1 Planet, Junior garden plow aaiiseeder;1 large barrel spray for whitewftsh-mg and tree spraying;2 small spray pumps ;1 grindstone j ' v1 emery stone grinder;hand corn grinder; , ,1 corn sheller;post hole diggers;2-sets of fence stretchers ;1 fence slatter ? ,t0 rods of hog fence;30 rods of 5-foot poultry fence;Bock drills crow bars, sledge hammers, shovels, spades, hoes, fsrks,.etc.thirty-foot exxtension ladder;1 fifty-gallon-lardkettle; f1 ten-gallon lard kettle ;1 lard press;1 larere butter churn i1 small butter churn;1 No. 2 International Cream separator; " '1 sixty-foot long fibre cable rope 'andpulley; -1 fifty-foot long fibre cable rope andpulley; y2 large feed troughs100 bushels of second crop seed potatoes; Five turkeys hens and gobblers;Lot of Rhode Islarid chickens;2 large ricks of'hayp f15,000 tobacco sticks; 'Lot of baled strawr.A number of other-articles usuallyfound on the farm too numerous tomention. t2. ''a JB?--of sale.FISTTER,Comb. Phone 129 Paris, Ky.public auction,, at the CourtLandin smaller tracts..iKS-A4- . 4Vwyi - .1.:- r1ftVrs"C1'-vh,v5'' kV"-').'C"&:- :-VsV'iVY.'T- fcf,fiaTUESDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1919.ATIB BOTJBBOH 3fi5WS, JA1M, jqSltTOCKYA&V Ott6ALETTERS FROM BOURBON COUNTYSOLDIERS AND SAILORSiiiifi!The following letter from France,written by Private Oliver Hazlerigg,of Paris, has been handef THENEWS with a request for its publication. Before his induction intothe service of Uncle Sam, PrivateHazlerigg resided on High street between Twelfth and Thirteenth, andis well-known here. The letter follows:"Wormhaudt, France, Sunday Eve.,"December 29, 1918.""Having -arrived on the Westernfront on August 3, 1918, known asAlsaceLoraine, we began our firstwork as ammunition slingers, andsling it we certainly did. I was adriver, so I did not sling any of it.Every truck had three men, driver,assistant driver and rear guard. Weworked on the Lorajni front forabout six weeks, encamped in a forest about three-quarters of a milefrom a neat little town called Baccarat. This towr. had been shelledat one time during the war, but wasnot seriously damaged."We went from there to the famous old Verdun battlefront. Itmust have been the most horribleof the whole war. We saw some excitement there, many -dying andwounded Yankees, bad roads, muddy,slippery and hard to get trucks loaded with ammunition over them,working at nights to avoid sight ofthe enemy made it all the harder,because we couldn't see what wedid. 2nd it was very dangerous at-times going along under heavy enlemy shell, fire and gas, and the"night hawks" "(enepiy aeroplanes)bombing our lines, machine guns"pingpinging" all the time, our boyslying here and there, heads mangled,legs off, bodies blown away, groaning and dying, surely did )nake-it ascene of horror."After a few weeks of this horrid'warfare and successful drive, wewere ordered to the St, Mihiel saileHt, where it was not so rushing onus. We only remaned there a shorttime, and then went to a town backfrom the lines called Foug, remaining there over night and getting aDay-day. We then took our autotrucks and turned them in at Toul,mrt mi trained for the Flanders frontin Belgium, riding a couple of daysin. box cars, and arrived at a railroad and ration dump in No Man'sLand, the latter part of October. Aswe were not drawing trucks anymore, we had to hike to the frontor -orr-A attacned to a truus. uwiibeen supplanted by the great whirring bird, the aeroplane."Since the, fairy prince, 'UncleSam,' has made it possible for manyof uf to visft strange lands andstranger places, I, too, decided tovisit 'Evergreen," near Baltimore,where our dear returned blind soldiers arer being helped to become thesame .normal useful men they werebefore the scourge of war and pestilence swept over the world. To decide' is to act, and, shutting off themotor,jmy winged servant settledlightly and easily upon the groundsof Military Hospital No. 7."I am at once in the midst of various recreational and reconstructional work. This is the hour forbowling, and hlmid laughter andthis army, life takes the kinks out offellow. ad if there is anything ofIthe 'sissy' in his make-up, he losesit after he has been through the millin the army. I am glad I have hadmy share of the experience, and amsorry for the goody-goody boys whowere too soft to get into the service.I would not take anything now formy experience. I am in the best ofhealth and certainly' feeling veryfine, and hope to . continue so allthrough the journey of life after Iget out of the service."I would like to send you a nicelot of souvenirs, as they are easy, toget, but moving from place to placeso often, can't carry thetai with uslone enough. Such things as German heljmets, bayonets, and otherthings. We have such a load of baggage to carry with us that we couldnote-afford to burden ourselves withsouvenirs. It's about all a fellowcan do to carry his eighty-five poundarmy outfit and get along with itcomfortably. I think the outfit wecarry in this Engineers' Corps, mustweigh at least 185 pounds for itfeels, that way some time when I amout on the hike with the bunch. StillI am fat, weigh about 150 pounds,and have never had a sick day sincethe end, andI guess I had-betterclose. Hoping to hea'r ;frdn nil ofyou soon, and to get a chance soon tocpne back to the good old U. S. A!, Iam, -"Lovingly,"to:: ::::."',"George M. Frakes,"Co. P., 5th Bn., 2 2d Engineers,"American E. F., France'."good-natured competition; two, en-j jyg Deen jn the service, so thereis nothing for me to complain or, except a touch of the 'I-want-to-come-home'fever once in a while."Veil,' that candle is about burned out, and my paper is also close totirely blind, are mailing 82, 84, 115and 140 points. The man setting upthe pins having two-thirds the sightof one eye."Next are the Braills ooms, wheremen read as truly -and as quicklywith a series of raised "dots as theyformerly did "with the eye.The click of typewriters caused meto pause, and going inside, I find theboys answering their letters, businessvas well as social, and without anymistaKes. as many as worus perpninute being written by the moreadvanced."The class in book-binding is anadvanced one, and many beautifullybound books are here displayed, theresult of the work of the whollyblind. '."There is the piano-tuning roomwith the blind instructor; the manual training room, the most popularroom and the most needed of allwork. Here are baskets, pink, blue,green, brown, and grey waSJe baskets, flower baskets, work and scrapbaskets, serving trays, jardinieres,hammocks, fringed, tassled and beautifully, made. They will last a lifetime. Hand woven rugs, hand-canedchairs, settees and ottief furniture.And here our boys, blind, are atwork upon these various articles,whistling, singing.joking and making their way to tHe various parts ofthe room, to get their own materialsand selecting the different v gradesand numbers."If there is a picture in yourmind of 'poor blind boys," discontented, weary and tired, get rid ofit. -Truly, as Sir Arthur Pearsonsays, "W6 are not blind, but normalmen who see through, tne nerves oiCATAERH CANNOT BE CUEED.with LOCAL APPLICATIONS, as theycannot reach the seat or the disease.Catarrh is a local disease, greatly influenced by constitutional conditions,and in order to cure it you must takean internal remedy. Hall's CatarrhMedicine is taken internally and actsthrough the blood on the mupous surfaces of the system. Hall's CatarrhMedicine was prescribed by one of thebest physicians in, this country foryears. It is cojmposed of some ofthe best tonics known,combined withsome of the best blood purifiers. Theperfect combination of the ingredients in Hall's Catarrh Medicineis what produces such wonderful results in catarrhal conditions. Sendfor testimonials free.F. J. CHENEY & CO., '.Toledo, Ohio.Sold by druggists, 75c.Hall's Fapnily Pills for constipation. (adv)NoTndigestion! Stomach Feels Fine!. No Acidity, Gas, Souring, DyspepsiaBelching gas, food souring instomach, lumps of pain from indigestion and all distress from, anupset stomach stops instantly, yes !At once!No more stomach-headache.Neve? any indigestion pain.Pape's Diapepsin not only relieves bad stomachs but it strength-c. weak stoimchs. bplendicliCosts little Any cirug btore.vCRVPS&TJ?WILL PUT YOUTr-s WILL PUT YOUJLliapepSln ON YOUR FEETPersonally we have traveled ahundred miles "West and fully as farEast, but never yet have we encountered a man manicurist.Virtue is its own reward. Theblack sheep of the falnily generallyinsists upon having spring lamb.Speaking of economics, what Jeyour opinion of the striver whobankrupts himself to prove he'arich?A woman is a conundrujm, and yeta man .never seems to want to giveher up. v?KV5 1bAf,for the remainder of the war. j the fingers instead of the nerves oftvo-ntr t'v j . i...v v.rt"We saw some nerce panics ueic,too The level country made it moreonvenient for the Gertnan machinegunners to get a whack at us. Thev boys had no trenches to crawl into.so it was open warfare most of thetime The German machine gunnerswould just mow down the Yankslike weeds, but all the same the, drive continued, with Old Glory mthe lead, and it still leads.""We had hard work hauling ammunition here, but finally the long-inb-vl for time came, wuc-u., . -trio ivp ' And so tnev ao ana sothey want others to know that theydo."There is a class in English, wherea real black-board is used, and asthe instructor writes, he spells eachletter aloud. As he reads 'Knoyledege is Power," they see the picturementally. The one command is'See, See, See,' (never feel), get apicture. Itmay not be an absolutelyaccurate one, but it is his picture, itit something seen. -"As I listen I hear, 'we want noneThe Independent Tobacco, Warehouse Co.of Paris, KentuckyBREAKS WORLD RECORDinhday of November Germany sur- ?f this sympathy stuff . Tell evryrendered. The roaring, howiiubbarking of the big guns, whistlingshells gas bombs and machine gunbullets ceased, and from that on itseemed that every day was Sunday.Then we began already to thinkabout coming back to America, butire spent Thanksgiving Day at WielsbekeTin Belgium, and Christmas Dayin Wormhaudt, France. There wasa rumor continually bobbing upafrout us going back home, thenagain we would Hear that we weredestined to remain for possibly twoyears longer. What awful rumorsSuigain such wide circulation! ButwT think now that it will be juat aSitter of time or transportation asSTwlien we sail for the good oldrWe soldlThursday, February 13, 1919, a floor of 79,590 pounds of tobacco for 59,17U5t a flooraverage of $74.36. The baskeTs sold at from $22.50 to $150 per one hundred VTcLke Wells & Mitchell, of 2,325 pounds, sold by baskets as follows: 250 pounds at 76 cents, 235pounds at 80 cents, 70 pounds at 83 cents, 210 pound, at 85 cents, 90 pounds at 85 cents 40 unds atat 85 cM00 pounds at 84 cents, 100 pounds at 83 cents, 190 pounds at 84 cents, 165 pounds at 89 ,cents, 105 pounds at 84 cens, 105 pounds at 87 cents, 75 pounds at 81 cents, 245 pound, at 81 cents .and345'poundsat81 cents. Average, $82.44.Wewere on four different frontsduring the three and one-half monthso? acUve service, and were cited inzanders twice? We are entitled toa star for having been cited on fivefronts Maj.-Gen. Farnswortn'gve the Thirty-seventh DivisionIgnition Train W.thetTbravery shown by them in tneetc Whai il u w rVv v.bWvv VonlrPAmna -hiw on tne run- -"c "r .XUU.J""- .i J7& it. tUlU ii flier. Nobody to cut it out. We are going todo things, and be men just as we everwere They dance and play andwork and walk. Overhead is theblue of the sky, and the sun shining.Around are wonderful old trees andformal gardens, and lawns and flowers And in the trees are birds andon the lake are snow-white swans.Blue-gowned, white aproned reconstruction aides, scarlet-caped 'RedCross nurses and strong, valiant pnenare here to teach the boys to forgetthe hate and horror or war, auu wromeinber the love and goodness ofGodr and man; iwnen guiueu uj tas loving and kind. And as I Blowlyand reflectively guide toy steps to:word my bird of passage, I utter aprayer of gratuitude for all the loyeand goodness that is yet in the worldand what it is meaning to these menwho wiirgo out not the poor blindseller of shoe laces, the tin-cup begffer- but strong determined, useful,able-bodied men, 'Who arenot blindbut who see through nerves of a different medium than the eye,-and Irealize the truth of an oft repeatedstatement, 'Sight is not of the eye,but of the mind.:' ;A MODERN viSiU&iMuuxu.ft.all dead yet, either. medhowever great, "" "r .-,die with UncleSam any pm"-atXyoutSnutitLmatwe want to see now "" -,real LOT K. HAZELRIGG."-Private Oliver K. Hazlerigg,SSffiS-lSffitf'SInmbus ACUViuw,Dunkirk, a"o7tht officialone of the pages a c rXrrill andorder from Gen. Dm T. werriChief of SUff. reSat!ons to theFarBBworth'a XSlSiit con37th Division for its oluduct under fire.. iitfr from.The ioiujwtunnR tvuiAcharming yoiwis r7 "f1lo re-educa-doingsplendid work wJtion and reBwr-.--,, tfEWSlOllOWUifi -- wm ispans wuuiau.tne re-euof blindv - - ,; :. 'va rJdiere, IB W-our peoplefrcpi a desire w "r' t help ourwhat TJncte Sam is dgtaS to n pdisabled soldiers. x - people,man, well-known W P vshould her nne fh!S!S plumeher identity under the ', Herof "A Modern Cmaereiw.' message, splendidly told will .ggs the Properconcption of now-wards of H?iCleTTfirGeraoSpiUlacre of in the V. , S. Cwnenu ufulNo. 7, near, Baltimore, m a oerf&ce call Roland Park. ,The following letter was received' j Arc oo Tnr Mrs. . Carrie '.a tew uoj'i3 fcjv "j -Stone, of Paris, from ner son, uuisM. (Tommie) Fraktss, who is inFrance with the American Expeditionary-Forces.The letter, whichwas written under date of January17, follows:"Chambley, France, Jan. 17."Dear Mother: Received ypur letter to-day. January iy awaaJ,'fcainly glad to heaf from, the goodotd U. S. A. again I am nowright up n the German border, atShambley. France. It .h on he StMihiePfront, and, like .all the restof the towns around, it is all shot toPieces. It looks like our next moveSSfte to Gertnany. for it doesn'ttook like we will get back to theifL., QfoP before the last ofMarch or the nrst of April, or evenlater than that. . . .There is a lot tol"eJJErilra vet in readjustmentwork and that will, of course, require the presence of a large nujmberf? dot know whether you canread this letter or not, for the boysw bunkWes, are making so muchXc that I can hardly hear myselfnoise max "" . . tolt nf hnmearWiasrasKu-s. . a- o-nrt nr rjULibc. . mi'Other crops sold as follows: ,- . ' - . Pouds,. ... ' .i. - - 1J95Ardery & Brady- ,t 3 5Thomason, Burris & Faulkner -- . - . 2080Hutchcraft & Hill 2120Wright & Hill . , 7I"""I --2,890Kenney Whalen 3 655Jones & Hatfield : r 7 II 3125Mclntyre & Towey n . '-- " 2"" "2-775,Ardery& Gay..-- """ Il615Qark,& Young i 735Harding, Myers & Powers - "6,695Rice & Johnson -1-- 7 5395Will Stuart: , ---r 11395Joff & Hinkson -.-- ' .- v- . 595Wardjb Prather-1 " 2,610Clay & Bramel - 7"" 109Plutnraer, McQure & Jones 1 2 180Wehher & WhJen 1 fT ""2 215Boardman & Bridy ' - -- 1 III IIl6060Young & Wagoner- - I"IIII 6340Clay-cc Carterson l - 2 325Clark, Wells & Mitchell ----------. """"IIT!""-Harding & Reynolds V --. - -- " 2,340Ewalt & Kenton , -a 1 - j2050Ward & Smith- j 7 " " "2215Reynolds & Buzzard 3310Mclntyre & Wagoner r 7 T". 'Price$78.1378.3272.0277.9379.0873.3374.2780.2561-8175.2378.2762.8374.7265;4877.5379.21 171.1161.3471.7478.6682.4466.9981.7578.5380.364 66.-25.t--v...--Company, of Paris, Ky., led the Paris market last year. It is.Jdtblr mothers, their sisters, theirj.-Uo.nita ft,Tia OI WUioc, A w..wSklTes me homesick, as it does dl the?.r hSvs . .1 have-becotoe such aSSdenTcinialgner that when 1ff home I couTd sleep tKe sleep olSvafnnrrThe Independent Tobacco Warehousein the leap! now. There is a reason.We will more than double our floor soace for next season and invite Tobacco growers.in all countieS(to share our-success. V 'Independent tobacco Warehouse CompanyParis, KentuckyK vv i-:L--COL.' J. A. SQUIRES, auctioneerN ,DAN W. PEED, ManagerC.G. CLARK, President. . .... k ; . - . ,. .. - .- u tVuJZ''titwz.'u J-hi.I-wr "HMWl airnature, thatthe'(fWeLwas aoius Jr.1 rrenv-vfc" ij ' ! ' ' v I - - -"1rA. ,-.V.. -"r Cv..x -vf IAGE JFOBE- ' v-i1KnnftvTHE BOUHBOK KEWS, ' PAXIS, ' XfiimrCTYTUESDAY, FEBRUARY IS. 1919.V.W vVPublic Sale-OF-Forty. Draft MaresI fall1 sell at public sale at theTh.os. G. -Morris stable, on Mainstreet, in Paris, onMonday, March 319,forty head of &ood draft mares,"weighing bejtween 1,200 and 1,400pounds. Each animal will be sold,with a written guarantee. Sale willbegin promptly at one o'clock. This-will be a rare chance to1 get goodwork mares.(18-3t) RENAKER PARKS.Public RentingOFBluegrass Pasture andTimothy GrazingLand." -. -If not rented privately before, Iwill, onSaturday, March 1, '19,at 2:00 p. m. in front of the cqurtliouse, in Paris, Ky., rent publicly515 acres of bluegrass and timo-,thy'Iand. Said land is the JohnHarris Clay farm, an the Spears Mill!pike, in Bourbon County, Ky., aboutsix miles from Paris, Ky. Possessionwill be given on day of renting, andwill continue until January 1, 1950.Also at the sopae time and place Iwill sell publicly. 72 shocks of cornin the field.For further information, apply toMRS. C. M. CLAY,KJum. Phone 118. Paris, Ky.(18-tf)N LPUBLIC SALEr OF-live Stock, Crot and FarmingImplements4 In order to give possession of the farm we now occupy, and havingfailed to secure another, we will sell at public auction on- the premises,"known as the Hugh McGrady farm one mile from Muir Station sevenor eight miles from Lexington, and four miles from Hutchison on theBryant "Station pike the following crop, live stock, crop, etc., onWednesday, February 26, I9I9,One pair eight-year-old tnules, 16hands high, splendid workers;One pair good big three-year-oldmules;One pair yearling""pnules;One pair .weanling mules;One weanling horse mule;One young Percheron horse;One gray "horse, good , worker;One gray mare, seven-years-old,sound and a good worker; ,One sjx-year-old combined gelding;"One ei&ht-year-old work and driv-ing horse;One gray niare, nine-years old, a goodlave; kOne bay riiule, ,a good worker, andknodding walker;One brown mare, coming eight yearsoldj&rid in foal to jack;One mare, -seven-years-old, in foal tojackOne white face mare, nine-years-old,sound and a good worker; 'One weanlfng colt by Oolden Mack;"Six good' cfclvesj .One black cow with calf by side;BrecL-cow to be fresh March 1;Fat cow;One fat-mry cow, 1,000 pounds;Two good heifers;One Jersey cow, freshen to lastMarch.';Sale will begin promptly at 10,TERMS Made known on day oiSARA M. DANIEL,G. C.ODER.,JOHN BAIN, Auctioneer.Public SaleAs agents for one'lof;oxriB,yM1- This tractnlowedia twentyLouisville & Nashville0W in two .tracts of about equal parts, .both of which face on the Afaysville pike aiixnhbMd lft Th 2S?2SVrt1br8 TJ11 be sh?T th5fn The' terms of the sale .will be announced orf the day of -the saje. Sale positive ri& w aWne ?? en so-d as a whole ndCOL. GEO. D. SPEAKES,RE90LTECIONS OF RESPECT TOMEMORY OF JOHN T. HINTON,At a meeting of the Board' of directors of the Bourbon-AgriculturalBank & Trust Co., held in the officesof the Banft, op, Wednesday, February 12, the following resolutions ofrespect and appreciation of the lateMr. J. T. Hinton, were adopted andmade a part of the records of thebank: 'Again the official ranks of thisbank has been stricken by thehandof death and o.ur Vice President andbeloved friend, John T. Hinton, hasbeen called to his reward.John T. Hinton was one df the organizers of the Bourbon Bank andits Vice President from the time ofits organization until its consolidation with the Agricultural Bank, ofwhich bank, he was also a director formany years. Since the consolidationhe has been Vice President and wasone of the prime movers in bringing about the merger.John T. Hinton's connection withthe bank and other financial institutions of Paris extends over a longperiod of time. His hand has helpedto guide through times of panic andfinancial stress; he has stood as atower of strength, never wavering,never hesitating to perform faithfully every obligation devolvingupon him.Mr. Hinton was a business ;man ofextraordinary ability, an advisor infinancial affairs witn no superior andyet a man 'who was always ready tolend a helping hand and extendcredit where credit was due andthose who know something df hisprivate affairs know that t he frequently" gave credit as an individualthat he could not extend as a banker. Bpurbon county has lost its foremost citizen; the city has lost itsgreatest up-builder in every line forhalf a century and the Bourbon-AgriculturalBank and Trust Company 'its stalwart supporter.We shall greatly miss him andcherish his memory always. To hisbereaved family we attend our deepest sympathy for deep and lasting asmay be our sense of grief and of losssustained, it is nothing compared totheirs, for in the logs of husband,father and grandfather you havesustained a loss that can .never be repaired in Ihis world.BUCKNER WOODFORD,JAS. 3. DODGE,JOHN MARSTON,Compnittee.20tons of baledmixed hay inbarn;Four or,, five tons clover hay, baledand never had rain on it;Several tons of sheaf oats;Some baled straw;Corn in crib;Two sows and pigs; ,Five 90 -pound shoats;23 fat hogs will weigh 250 'pounds;'125 good black-faced ewes to lamblast half of March;One Deering binder, bought newlast season;Two riding cultivators, good as new;Five new cutting harrows, neveri been hitched to;Two blue grass seed strippers;One fertilizer drill;One, good tobacco setter;One good corn planter;One eood corn planter; - ,One land roller; pOne hay baler; . -One road wagon; ' x i- ,Two bull rakes; u' V:One hemp cutting machine;. ,24 hemp breaks;Two mowing machines bought newTwo good farm wagons' and 'fritmes; JOne feed slide and lots of 'otherthings. -' ,-ojfclock a.Vn.f sale. -:rr(18-3t)Saturday,the - heirs' of the late Amos' Turner,M . m.141 ACRESHnAucti.ieer.,,;WOMEN'S ACTIVITIES.At the-Red Cross Sewing Rooms.Tuesday C. W. B. M. vWednesday Woman's Sociefcz- ,ofthe Catholic church. 'Thursday Young Wotearfs Mission Circle.Friday Women's Society of thePresbyterian church. 'Saturday Teachers" Circle.State Federation of Women's Clubs.Seventh District Meetihe. Feb-ruarv 20. at GeorgetownOn Thursday of this week, theSeventh District Federation of Women's Clubs, will hold its annualmeeting at Georgetown in the FirstBaptist church.Delegates from the" 2 6 clubs inthedistrict will attend, making a personnel of more than 125 preeminent club --women of Central Kentucky. The visitors are to be entertained by the Georgetown CivicLeague, of' which Mrs. Church Black'burnis the president.Miss Ada May Cromwell, of Frankfort, district chairman, will presideand Mrs. Joseph E. Marks,, of Georgetown, will act as secretary. Mrs.Louis L. Bristow is chairman of theCommittee on Local Arrangements,Miss Minnie Stone and Mrs. BenGraves are the Comjmittee of Registration, and Mrs. V. O. Gilbert, ofFrankfort, is chairman of the Committee on Resolutions.The program promises to be a mostattractive one and ' includes an address on the ft 19 War Gardens, byMrs. Sherman, of Washington, D. C,and such other prominent persons asMrs. John G. South, Frankfort; DeanJohn Hill, Georgetown; Mrs. Nat B.Sewell, Frankfort.Paris will be well represented bya number of interested club women.Those especially delegated are Mrs.Vansant, frqm the Paris LiteraryClub; Mrs. Henderson Shr6pshire,from the Progressive Culture Club;Mrs. Dennis Dundon, from the Healthand Welfare League; Mrs. FrankLowry, from the School Improvement League.rParis Literary Club. .February 19th.The Psalms.''History Set To Music."Authorship.Authorship.Arrangement.Time of meeting.Leader Mrs. W. O. Hinton.The Progressive Culture Club willsuspend the program for February20, that the members may attend thedistrict meeting to be held at Georgetown on that day.North Middletown Woman's Club.February 21."Development of Art in Kentucky."Kentucky Statesmen and Writers..The Bluegrass As An Early ArtCenter Mrs. Nf P. Gay. 'Modern Art in Kentucky Mrs. W1.S. Meng.Bourbon Aft Club..February 22."Italy."Italian Gothic ArchitectureMrs. Scott.Cathedral of Milan Mrs. Ruth!Orr.Circular Buildings and TowersMrs. Arnsparger. "Roll Call Current Events.. o r-keal Estate best paying investment now. -Money invested in real estate, as.I tat, especially suburban property, isiiuw uue ui me saiest ana best investments for idle capital. vOn.Satur-4gay, Feb. 22, Dr. J. A. Gilkev willoffer at,public sale at the court house !door in -Paris. Ky.. a moRt rtpairiKi2lot, of property, two small farms)well and conveniently-located in thesuburbs of Paris. This property isclosely described in the big displayadvertisement published in this issueof THE NEWS. Read the ad and attend the sale. (7-5t)o-iATTENTION, KNIGHTSPYTHIAS.OFOwing to the recital by Miss Virginia Slade.at- the High School Auditoriumon Thursday night there willbe no meeting of Rathbone LodgeNo. 12, Knights 6f Pythias.Miss Slade iff the daughter of Mr.Robert T,. Slade, of Lexington, GrandRepresentative to the Grand Lodge ofKnights of Pythias, and 'the locallodge delicately compliments her an-earance here by deferring their regular meeuu.g.WmmmmmjnmmmmMFebruary 22, 1919, atwe will sell oh the ahnvp HoftOF OLD HEAVYa r iris ,r.Real Estate Dealers, Paris, KyDEAUT OF THE PROFESSIONThe Lexington Leader of Sundaypublishes in its Paris correspondencean interesting and entertaining article, telling of the long, service Mr.Charles W. Fothergill, of the fcKentuckianvCitizen has returned, "sincehe first entered a printing office as"devil." ' ' vMr.NFothergill is at this time trulythe "dean" of the printing fraternityof Paris. He began his career as aprinter in the office of the old TrueKentuckian, on February 15, 1869,when tnat paper was under the editorial guidance of the-late Col. John G.Craddock. His brother, Mr. Edward0. Fothergill, was then foreman ofthe establishment."During his connection withlnewspaper work Mr. Fothergill has Tieverbeen in the ejmploy of any other paper save the True Kentuckian, remaining with the consolidated paperwhich now bears the nanie of TheKentujkian-Citizen, owned -and edited by Mr. Bruce Miller. With theexception of a few days illness he hasbeen continuously at work "at thecase" or soliciting, and has rarelymissefl a day. In the many years hehas spent in 'newspaper work Mr.Fothergill has witnessed manychanges in the business and sociallife of Paris, and has also seen thepassing of many events now memorable in the annals of the city. He isa member of many fraternal andsecret orders, a consistent mepnbe- ofthe Methodist - church. Day by dayhe pursues his routine of work, andfeels confident 'he is good for manyyears of active work in his line.It may be more blessed to givethan to receive, but many a man issatisfied to hold his own.IVVrYQWRsmrOR:VERCATASPECIAL PRICE .Why look elsewhere when you can come here andbuy a Suit or Overcoat for less money? Our special pricesstill continue and you can depend on us to give you beststyles, fabrics and values for your money. Come here, tofind Suit or Overcoat satisfaction. 'JmKk "-III mHHMBmmR7th and MainFine Tobaccoon the premises, on the Paris andBLUE GRASSwasroomSPEAK Eftt TEW AUTO "OWNERS;The Goodwin-Field Motor Co., ofLexington reports the sale of a DodgeBros, car to the Bourbon Garage &Supply Co., of Paris. The Lexington Cadillac Company reports thesale of an eight-cylinder Oldsomobiletouring car to Hiram Roseberry, ofParis. - -Change ofAgencyWe have taken the agency forThe FrankfortCreanieryand are nowREADY TO BUYYOUR CREAMand promise to give you alwaysthe highest market price and anabsolute square deal We mustsatisfy you, or elsccannot expect,your continued patronage.Busy 'Bee Cash Sterefebl4-4w)'' - IS HERE AT A VERY .Men's and Young Men's Suits$45.00 Suits cut' to$42. 50 Suits cut -to$40.00 Suits$37.50 Suits$35.00 Suits$32.50 Suitscut toCUt' tO. . vcut to.cut o.cut to.cut to.cut to.$30.00 Suits$27.50 Suits$25.00 Suits$22r50 Suits$20.00, Suitscut to.cut 0 i..$18.00 Suits 'cut toS15:00 Suits cut to$12.50 Suits cut toMen's and Young$50;00-Overcoats cut to$45.00 Overcoats cut-to$42.50 Overcoats" cut to$40.Q0 Overcoats cut to, or.ou uvercoais cut to.-tr in 1 inayiAnafo mi- -a -$32.5(Overcoats cut tos$30.00 Ovescoats cut to$27.50 Overcoatsiut to$25.00 Overcoats cut to$22.50 Overcoats -cut to$20.00'Overcoats cut to.Cast) No Arvrvrrjr,P.WALSHOne-Price Storei&mmm3mMMinjigi2 O'clockMavsville pike, one an i one-half".SOD LANDever grown on this land and not' a icA nf if utenant house.," It is opposite NewUttAflAi;. I... ti t 1 .S:P: HARWSjfGeieril Biwiesi ManiLf cr.You Young Men-anfl Women ofBourbon Countyiknow that the business worldstands ready to offer a magnificent remuneration to- thosewho are efficiently preparedand have the necessary training that modern business demands. Then why not stop procrastinating and determineto prepare yourself for business success at once.Our little booklet, "TheFugazzi Way to BusinessSuccess,"- will give you anidea of how we propose tohelp you acquire this efficiency. Apostal will bring itto you.Remember we courT a thorough investigation. ,Fugazzi Schoolof BusinessMrs. L. V. Jones, Principal,118 N. Upper St., Lex. Ky. ,w$40.0037.5035.0032,5030.0027.5025,0022.5020.00:2.K.17,501 6.50t, 14.5011 .SO9.50Men's Overcoats. . . $45,00'.".... . 40.00- 3T50r 35.0O-. A. . . . ,. . ;.- 32,50i i.30.00Ia .i... . .7'. t"27.5025.0022.5020.0017-501 6.50s" - x- Xr v " -'Paris, Ky.Land-mites frbfn th. rftarV KA..-mmj M.AAl,0nToreat Statinn AQg - -. ua uicft-" The rm will bethe hghest bid acceptedQKL.-aK'K"i-;aK 'yX--'Vv.4'vlVi 4 "ttV1 V 'VXSV?- JigJ'5VJ VVf".TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 18 1919.y- ri,B0UBB0H e HEWS;, AftR, EBHIT;CZ2VI V 7,pah ims .4TOR THE BEST NNOTHING ELSEBEST QUALITY SEEDS.Highest quality Red Clover,Alsike, Timothy, Seed Oats,Cotton Seed Meal.CHAS. S. BRENT& BRO.(feb-H-tf)o yMOVES OFFICE.Mr. A. J. Fee has 'moved his insurance office from the old stand inthe room on Main street, recentlyvacated hy the "Edwards Realty Cp.,to the brancn omce ot tne L.exmgionHerald, Nov 520 Main street, opposite the Hotel Fordhajm.. 0APPOINTED ADMINISTRATORIn the County Court, "Judge Batterton. appointed J. L. Willhiott asadministrator of the estate -of thelate I. Frank Willmo.L. Mr. Will--mottaccepted the trust, .and qualified by furnishingxbond in the sumof ?6,000, with Mr. James Willmottas suretyt0A CHANCE TO &AKE GOOD INVESTMENT. Anyone looking for a good investment cannot do hetter than to attendthe public sale to be held in" frontof the court house door in Paris, Ky.,Saturday, Feb. 22. ' Dr. J. A. Gilkeywill, at that time and place, offerfor sale at public outcry two nicesmall farms, well-located near Paris,and very desirable property. Readthe display advertisement in thisissue describing the property and attend the sale. .. fret)0INSURANCE.Fire. Tornado, Lightning,Automobile and Hail.YERKESJ& PEED.(janl4-tf) v . -0BOURBON BOY BECOMES NOTED' "" AS COMPOSER. sRobert Rajmkey, residing nearShawhan, has developed quitesa talenffor musical compositions, andbids fair to get a grip on more thanlocal fame. He sometime ago completed three compositions of instrumental music, which were acceptedby a Cincinnati music publishinghouse, and "pronounced to be of unusual merit. His latest effort, an instrumental composition, entitled,"Blue Grass "Waltz," is in the handsof the same publishers, and bids fair,according to them, to have a goodsale. '0-5 'D'. OF C. ELECTS NEW MEMBERS9At the regular monthly rantingof Richard Hawes Chapter, D. of C,held in. the Confederate room in thecourt'hipuse Saturday afternoon, twohonorary members, Mrs. Charles Gilkey, of North Middletown and MissKate Edgar, of Paris, w(ere elected.The meeting, which was a wellattended one, was presided over byMrs. J. T. Vansant. president of theChapter. Mrs. John J. Connell reada poem, and Mrs. Jir. Vansant reada paper, hoth being of an appropriatenature. Mrs. Johnson Rogers andMrs. Strother Mitchell, of North Middletown precinct, were elected' members of the Chapter.. oPASMEES SUPPLY COMPANY ASUBE-ENOUGHvSUPPLY HOUSEWe have the largest line of harness in Central1 Kentucky; JohnDeere wagons, disc harrows, cornplanters, cultivators, cultipacker,plows, drag harrows, points for Oliver and Vulcan plows, 70 centseach; double and single trees, allkinds of 'oils, most everything afarmer'needs. The best goods forthe lowest price.(18-2t) FARMERS SUPPLY CO.oDON'T DO ANYTHING UNTILYOU SEE US.Do not buy anything In theClothing lint until you get myprices. t JL. WOLSTEIN,tf Clothing Department.HOPE WET WEATHER FOE KENTUCKY THIS WEEK-According to the predictions sentout from the headquarters of theWeather Bureau, at Washington,Kentucky is in for a siege of -wetweather this week, either rainor snow, as, the cae may be. Theforecast for the week is as follows:Ohio Valley and Tennessee Rainor snow Tuesday or ''Wednesday;generally thereafter,, near normalt Wm T AT t tl TV!-Region of Great Lakes-cpntm-ued cloudy with snow Monday orTuesday in Upper Lake -region andTuesday Lower Lake region, generally fair tii-eafter, nearly normaltemperatures.j: oBEPORT OELABY SALEThere was a fair-sized crowd inattendance at the sale of livestock,crop, implements, etc., belonging toS. B. Lary, held on the premises,near Austerlitz, by Auctioneer Geo".D. Speakes' 'Shoats solafor from. 1 to ?9 perhead; one-.single mule, 225; oneaged mule;4ip5; paT?of three-year-olddraft jnares, $350; pne saddlemare,' $140:. cows, from $100 to? 112. 50 per head; corn, $9 per barrel; Jersey heifers, ,$2.2,50; chickens, eighty-five to ninety cents each;sneaf oats, $20 .par ton, Mr Laryis mikin- Tu-AM-rfltfAftK' to move'-toJackson, Loi: farm ' hLiaUr,evnt were the followwin v ' Ztr"Jw.ifc.ffrftillersbursrr Mr. and Mrs.will vacate -wmhA 'avta&fcF'Mp.SOCIAL SD PERSONAL.Comings and (oingsof OurPeople Here, There andEfeewherer VMrs. Millard Kenney is improving, after a two-weeks' illness."". Miss Imogene Redpnonis veryill at he,r home on Cypress street.Miss xraine O'Neill Is a guestof relatives and friends in Carlisle.Mrs. Wjm. Swearengen has returned from a. visit to relatives inCarthage, Ohio.,Mrs. S. E. Bruce has- returned toher home from an extended yisit toher sistep in Chicago. 13 Mrs. Mattie p'hrnell has returned toAher home in PaHs after . visitto relatives in this"city.M. and Mrs J: A. Thaxton andlittle son are guests of Mr. and Mrs.William Pyles, in vMaysville.Mr. and Mrs. Ernest Reed andthree children are ill with influenzaat their home near Shawhan.Miss Mary Young "has returnedto her home in London, Ky., after avisit to relatives and friends in Paris.Mrs. Mary Fleming Brent hasreturned to her home in Flemingsburg, after a visit to Paris relativesand friends.. - -Mr$. C. M. Best was hostess tothe Twentieth Century Club of Mil-lersburg at her home in this city Sat--furday afternoon. 'Mr. and Mrs. Jack OwsleyandMr. Rankin Mastin were guests ofthe family of Mr. W. J. Huffman, inCovington, Sunday.Mr. Jas. welsh and sister, Mrs.Thos. Gleasbn, attended the funeralof their cousin, Mr. John Malqne, inCincinnati last week.Dr. S. P. Mcrhney has entirelyrecovered from a severe attack of influenza and is agan at his office ' in'the Masonic Temple."The Kiss Burglar" -at the Lexington Opera House, drew a largepatronage from Paris and Bourboncounty -people last week.Mrs. Carrie F. Stone, trainednurse, has returned from Louisville,where she was called three weeksago on professional business.Mr. and Mrs. Herman Barlow,Sr., and daughter, Miss Edith Barlow, of Tenth street, spent last weekin Cynthiana as guests of relatives.Mrs. Clarissa Williams has returned to her home in Philadelphia,after a yisit of several -weeks at "thehome of Mrs. Edward Turner, "hearPris.A large number of Paris andBourbon county people attende'd theperformance of "The Kiss Burglar"at the Lexington Opera House, Friday night. ' fMrs. E. B. January, who has beenvery ill for some time, is improving.Her daughter, Mrs. Fred. Wood, andMr. Wood, are herefrom Californiato Bewith her. " N vMr. J. A. Morrison and familywilL.move about March 1 to theOssian Edwards home on SohMain street. Mr. Edwards will moveto a cottage on. Fifteenth street.Mrs. Custis Talbott has as guestat her home on Houston avenue Mrs.Letitia Gentry, of Lexington. Mrs.Blanche Ballard, who has been aguest of Mrs. Talbott, has returnedto her home in Seattle, Washington.Postcards from Mrs. Prank PKiser, written from Jacksonville,Florida, state that Mr. Kiser is considerably improved. Mr. and Mrs.Kiser and nurse willsail fnis Jteekfrom Key West, Fla., for Havana,Cuba, (Dr. John Savage, of Sioux City,Iowa, visited here last week, aftei anabsence of, forty years. Dr. Savagewas a .son of the ate Dr. GeorgeSavage, for many years president andowner of the Millersburg FejnaleCollege. aAmong those attenaing tnefuneral and burial of Mrs. BettieMartin in this city Friday were thelfollowing: Mrs. William Tarr, Mrs.Thompson Tarr, Miss Ned Ingels,, ofParis; Mr. and Mrs. Hughes Atkinson, and Mr. James Hutsell, of Mt.Sterling; Mrs. James Evans, of NorthMiddletown. -Mr. and Mrs. Harry Hancockand daughter, Miss Virginia Hancock, have returned from an extended stay in St. Petersburg, Florida.While there they met a number orParis people, who are enjoying theirstay in the Sunny South, especiallyMr. and Mrs. James H. Thompson,Squire L. J. Fretwell, Mr. Lou Taylorand Mr.HenrNippert, formerly OfInvitations' have been receivedby a large number of Paris peopleto the first of a series of 'receptionsto be given at Executive Mansionin Frankfort, at which Governor andMrs. Stanley will be host and hos-tess. The invitations icau. zZernor and Mrs. Stanley request iucoleasure-of your, company at a reception to he held at the ExecutiveTVTn.-nsion.. Frankfort,' Kentucky, Fri-Hn.v February twenty-first.fromfour to seven o'clock."rk.a nf tViA most delisntiuiso-cial events of the season m the wayof a strictly "stag" affair was thedinner given at Che Windsor Hotel,Friday evening bytne WDacw wu,lnvwvj n. Vns tohacco.housemen 1 u y XLVnt theuuyeia, 61U"V'"city and county,, ""-Xr about one ' hundred and fiftyeuests and theft wasn't .a vacantseat The jmenu embraced everyrrr' u Uo market afforded, and' st .-.m TTTATti minimug lit"- -" -.. . ,. i..j.sthat- tte LguStsia .-ampxe jiop-nnfl t.hines set before themin merely another way of expressingit. 'Short talks were (made' by anumber of guests, and a generalcr Aii.mund time 'was had. At"!the conclusion pfthe feast the guestswere entertained as a "smoker,"wprA all 'the phases of the tohaccosituation were, discussed and general good fellowship pievailed. Alarge numher-oi oui-ui-wwu 6ixv9were present and shared in the festivities of the evening. Followingthe "smoker" the guests and their4adiei were entertained a the Maaonic'Temple witji U tfanceU Amont-h from the county participatingRedmon, M-r.- and Mrs. W. D. Mclntyre and Mr. and Mr& John Leer.Mr. Joseph Minogue,,of Dayton,Ohio, is a guest of his parents, Mr.and Mrs. Wm. Minogue, Sr., in thiscity.-f-Mr. and Mrs. Priest Kemper havegoneto Gonzales, Texas, where Mr.Kemper is engaged in Governmentwork.-The Lexington Leader, of Sunaay, under the heading of "MasonryIn JCentucky," has the following references to Paris members of thecraft: " 'Subby' Sutherland., ofParis, is making the road hot between Paris and Winchester, and before long he will join .the 'benedicts.'M.' H. H. Davis, of Paris, willgo to Martinsville next week, for his'rheumatics We wish for' him aspeedy recovery."0MISS SLADE IN RECITAL AT HIGHSCHOOL AUDITORIUM.The people pt Paris will be givenan opportunity next Thursday nightat the Paris High School Auditoriumto hear a gifted reader and impersonater, Miss Virginia Slade, ofLexington, in a pleasing program of recitations and impersonations. Miss Slade,who has gained more than localfame, vwill appear here for the benefit of the High School kindergarten. The admission has been placedat thirty-five cents for adults, andtwenty-five cents for children.Prof. Clarence C. Freenan, Morrison Professor of English at the Transylvania University, Lexington, saysof MissSlade: "The skill and talent Miss Virginia Slade displays arenotable ,and unusual. Her interpretations are sympathetic and hermanner of expression is natural andcharming. I have rarely 'heard areader with such a pleasing voiceand personality, nor one more versatile in the presentation of character."In deference to Miss Slade's appearance here.the Knights of Pyth:ias Lodge, Rathbone No. 12, of thiscity, will postpone their regularmeeting, in order that any . cfti themembers who so desire, "may attendthe recital.oPURCHASES 1ETNE ANIMALS,oMr. Walter S. Meng, proprietor ofthe Ridgeway Farm, near North liddie town, this county, and one of thelargest breeders and. owners of blueblooded Duroc-Jersey hogs in ' theState, has returned fromTipton, Indiana, wherehe attende4 theDurocJerseysale 'of Ste-jsart & Seiss.At this sale Mr. Meng purchasedtwo animals which will be valuableadditions to his herd, a Joe Orion2d sow for which he paid $650, anda 'gilt for $325. ,' olf has just about gotten so atWashington that a man whose salary is only $12,000 a year feels likerepublics are ungrateful.1- -FOR SALELot of household goods, consistingof room-size rugs, library table, sewing machine, dress form, large cot,mattress, dishesr cooking utensils,etc. Call at 918 Main street, Paris,Ky. (18-lt-pd)Farms For-Sale.For quick sale two small farms,well -located, one "containing tenacres, the other twenty-six acres;alsosome nice town property.WALTER CLARK REAL ESTATEAGENCY. (18-tf)TheFair- WALL-PAPER.-OurNew DeDartment.Before-opening this department wehave a few odd Jots perfectly good,hut in broken . quantities justenough for one room, which we areanxious to close out at a price thatyou. will appreciateWHILE THEY LASTFirst come, first served.THE PAIR.Ofiurions Illlls Confectionery Storeucc&ssor to Adami & Santi. llllFlorida FruitsBox Candies, yv Adami s Famous Recipe for J;iM" making delicious Icecream, mlSoda Water and Mixed llllI v prinks still used. - j1 Bulk Ice Cream 1(Made from Pure Cream) jdelivered -for home use. ::N "" ""'lllll1'! Fancy Ices for Parties !FtJf the BE&T, Set Us.FRAfrKBURTONrSuccessorito"Adataij& San$J?TBI - , f j inn' W- Ae: AS3X1vIIIKSuits,,AClearance1HARRY &IMONALL GRADES OFTOBACCO COTTONHst2?2?y1K-WUSMMThat Duringof March7-i.-.120 Per Cent. Discount?VFor that matter, though, you can buy any off our"N. "Furniture, Rugs. Wall. Paper and; Linoleums- V At the Same Big Discount -' During Our Big Cash February pnd March Sale.y.MoJoRliEARSfe -!?, V. J -li!.'. ?--"fc 1.1ftcii ncwrnuiikv ,tf-,kSA - V;::;MID-WINTERCMN-Coatsm ;and Millinerv224-28 West Main St.,- Lexington, Ky:1' Main Street, Paris, KyiSold AtSimonYOU KNOWthe Rest of February and AllYou Can Buy Any of Our,,fctti:M0Jfe4totMOTOR INVLI GOAClflZ. -I JtjXv'r- V-t .SlueDressesIM.J -.rA- I-VV-';Y- - T - UNpERTAKINQIm M7CS ISIXTH AND MAIN STS.r. 3- '&hu- . af 'rVnrixyJ.Vvxrvi- '2f.4Virgil G&itekill. -I .. J lf TVw 1a-nTiA. S. Miller, ir. jhwo. -vv-V"'iS.'j .1 . """V -"T".."'. ,si ,' jtN-L-if'.i ' -, : - 'H .-V..": :5JAGESUTHE -B0U3S0H HEWS, PiBIS, KEHTTCKTyTUESDAY,. FEBRUARY IS, 1919,LIFT OFF CORNS!Vv' - ' " .; '...'" . tA-JS 4.sV- tSA"ij,DUTY TO TELLPEOPLE WHATi MERITQNE DIDDoesMore Good Than Any OtherMedicine He Ever Took"I feel it is my duty to let the people of Nashville know what Meritonenas done for me and I'll be glad totell my friends about it also," saidR. H. Felts, a carpenter of 3203Chariot Avenue, Nashville.4Tye been taking- Meritone for twoweeks now and it has done me moregood than any pnedicine I ever took,"said Mr. Felts.'- LIKE NEW MAN."I was weakened - and run downwhen I got over the influenza, butnow I feel like a new man. I've.gained five pounds on the bottle ofMeritone I have taken and I'm juststarting in on the second" bottle."I was nervous, too, before I tookMeritone and couldn't sleep or getmy rest like I should. Now I can goto bed at .night and sleep .rightthrough to morning."Weakened, run down victims of influenza or pneumonia should takeMeritone and get back their normalstrength. Meritone also is recommended for stomach, liver or kidneytrouble, catarrh, rheumatism, .sleeplessness, lack of appetite and thelike.Meritone is sold excusively inParis by V. S. Varden & Son.(adv)0NAVY STARTS ANOTHER BIGDRIVE FOR MEN.Once again does the navy appealto the patriotism of Kentucky. Kentucky came to the fore in every previous drive and was. one of the Stateswhich far exceeded its quota of menfor the navy.Now the navy again is making .adrive for men between the ages of17 and 35 to enlist in the navy forfour years. These men are badlyneeded to iman the transports-andnew ships which are being put 'intocommission.All who enlist are assure'd of va'chance to travel and see the worldand an opportunity for training andlearning a trade. The navy with its55 different branches is open fullblast. Men are sent to Great Lakesfor three months' training and thento sea. The Atlantic, the Pacificand Asiatic fleets are all crying formen. Each, one of these fleets cruisesin a different direction. As can bereadily seen a man can travel allell around the world .as it is comparatively easy to be transferredfrom one fleet to another. IKentucky's quota for this newdrive is 2,000 men. With pay ranging'Trom $32.60 per month and up,it ought not to be hard to get thesemen.The headquarters for Kentucky isin Xiouisville, but four branch officesor sub-stations are located in Paclucah, Ashland, Lexingtonand Covington. If you are comparativelynear one of these stations that is' the .place to go for information andenlistment. If you are very far froma sub-station or Louisville,' go to yourPostmaster, who can give you information. If yoji are near Louisville, themain station, go to 412 SouthFourth avenue and experienced menwill gladly give lull information.Also all inquiries and applicationsaddressed to that station will bepromptly answered.What Canftlt May AoeompIIth.It Is poaalblt that by the construetlon of caaala w may yet see the daywhen there will be great fleets awayup In the country where once upon atime the alfhland clans held sway,where Bob Boy cgregor raided for' cattle and fought with the plan Macfarlane, and where there is still theglamor that was thrown over it by thegenius of Sir Walter Scott. If" so, itwill be one of the most remarkabletransformations in the history of anycountry.' Of course all the girls love Santa' Claus in theory, but they are not- ; N crazy about running around with aman that looks like hn.v ov Our "observation is that when av girl knows her chest isn't uglyshe' .gives her throat too much room.BADBREATH'Dr Edwards' Olive Tablets Get-; at the Cause and Remove ItDr. Edwards' Olive Tablets, the substi" tute for calomel, act gently on the bowelsand positively do the work.People afflicted with bad breath findquick relief through Dr. EdwardsOlive Tablets. The pleasant sugar;' coated tablets are taken for bad breath'" by all who know them. - rDr. Eawards Olive Tablets act gentlybut firmly jDn the bowels and liver,stimulating them to .natural action,clearing the blood and gently purifyingthe entire .system. , They do that whichaogeroua calomel does without anyof the bad after effeds. " " " 'All the benefits of nasty; sickening,griping cathartics are derived from Dr.Edwards Olive Tablets without griping;pain or any disagreeable effects.Dr. F. M. Edwards discovered theformula after seventeen years of practice among patients affiicted withbowel and fiver complaint, wkh the, attendant bad breath.Dr. Edwards Olive Tablets 'are poralya vegetable compound mixed wkkoartoil; you wfll lenow them by their oiirtcolor. iTaitt one or two every night'aweaKasuaotf tnceoect. Wc and 25cferbec Attdrugaiits.CONCERNING WEIIrENOWN BUSINESS AND NEWSPAPERThe writer was walking along ourmain business thoroughfare thismorning when he saw a friend, amerchant, standing nonchalantly infront of his gtore. Bantering himthe newspaper man suggested thatan ad in THE BOURBON NEWSwould put him behind his counters.Th'e merchant replied:"Yes, I know that but I don'twant to kill myself working. I liketo get out here'' once in a while andenjoy the ozone, see the blue skyand hear the pigeons coo, and lookhere Bill, I've been thinking thatI really ought not to have to advertise so sumch. I've beenhere in business for 20 years. I've been at thissame stand. I've handled the samemerchandise all that time. I sellonly reliable goods. I've treated thepublic fair and square. Now theyknow all about me and when theyneed good goods they know they cancome right here and get it. Now,isn't that correct reasoning?""Well, my friend," said the newspaper man, "I can't stop right nowto show you the fallacy of yourlogic, for I must jjo to the office tolook after the advertisement of ,another old-timer, a sure-enough oldtijmer, who recently celebrated herfiftieth anniversary in business,namely, The Courier-Journal. Weknow The Courier-Journal, Vsachievements, in the past, its steadyprogress with the forward march oftime and events, and yet when theOld Lady wants to get far-reachingresults she gets them by the quickest, surest route, by advertising.And when she wants to reach thissection, she advertises in THEBOURBON NEWS, another leader,' ifin a smaller way, in the progress andwelfare of the community it serves.Watch THE BOURBON NEWS today. It is not a 'courtesy' ad., bythe way, "but it is paid for in cash,at our established card rates, without quibble or question. Well, after all I did stop long enough togive you an answer to your question,didii't I? But, so long.t 411Cf"Hey, wait a minute, Billwant to ten y5u I'll see you In Omorning about another contract, believe mine's about out, isn't it? Youdurn journalists can always upsetall my comfortable reasoning andyou sure do put a fellow to work."MOTHER! DONT TAKECHANCES IE CHILD'STONGUE IS COATEDM.oCross, Peverisli, Sick, Bilious,Clean Little Liver andV. Bowels.Alaxative to-day saves a sickchild to-morrow. Children simplywill not take the time from play toempty their bowels, which becomeclogged up with waste, liver getssluggish, stomach sour.Look at the tongue, mother! Ifcoated, or your child is listless,doesn't eat heartily, full of cold orhas sore throa't or any other children's ailments, give a teaspoonfulof "California Syrup of Figs," thendon't worry, because it is perfectlyhaipnless, and in a few hours all thisconstipation poison, sour bile andfermenting waste will gently moveout of the bowels, and you have awell, playful child again. A thorough "inside cleansing" is ofttimesall that is necessary. It should bethe first treatment given in anysickness.Beware of counterfeit fig syrups.Ask your druggist for a bottle of"California Syrup of Pigs," wbichhas full directions for babies, children of all ages and f or grown-upsplainly printed onthe bottle. Lookcarefully and see that it is made' bythe 'California Fig Syrup CoUipany."N (adv)"WE HAINT HEAEN NO BUMORSYET!"Apropos of the proposed resurrection of the Blue Grass League intothe life of . baseballdom, Tom tTnderwood, sporting editor of the Lexington Herald,, writes, under, the hea4,"Talking It Over" as follows:"It -appears that the old fans have?slipped intothe figurative cemeterywhere rests all that was mortal ofthe Bluegrass League, and changedthe inscription above the tcjmb, to'NOT DEAD BUT SLEEPING"Tbe plans for the resurrection aredaily progressing. As soon as Lexington started the baseball to rolling, Frankfort said, Me, too,' and reports from, Paris are that ;that townwill heartily endorse the move.Georgetown, according to recent advices, will back the plan, 'while itseems apparently certain that Winchester and Richmond will come iriall right"While Paris fans woufd really liketo get a taste of baseball- again,nothing has developed here' so far asTHE NEWS can ascertain to warrantthe assertion that we will be represented. The former leaders in. baseball matters have made no statementfor publication, many of them havemoved to other places, and the situation reamins quiet, though' honefnl.Paris may and possibly will be represented by a club in the Leacue. buttie fans will bave to get up a littlemore entnusiasm in the matter first.Then will come tbe knotty end, producing the finances. -Here's hoping.oMrs. Peavish says that the Teasonshe doesn't want to vote is becauseMr. Peavish already believes she islargely responsible for the high costof living.: P . ''Also w,e ihink it only fair forevery persorikho knocks the Y. M.C. A. to state how jmuh he gave it. ! 1nere at 'home or how much, he usit .abroad. y-Apply tew dropsN then, lift sort,touchy corns off with .finger No pain!Doesn't hurt a bit! Drop a littleFreezone on an aching corn, instantly that corn stops hurting, then youlift Jjt right out. Yes, magic!A tiny bottle of Freezone costs buta few cents at anyjdrug1 store, but issufficient to remove every hard corn,soft corn, or corn between the toes,and the callouses without soreness, orirritation-.Freezone is tlie sensational disrcovery of a Cincinnati genius. It iswonderful. ' (adv)o -REVENUE AGENTS BRING SUITAGAINST HARKNESS ESTATELEXINGTON,- KY., Feb. 17.Alleging that he was a resident ofDonerail. this county, authorities ofthe state of Kentucky and the countyoi layette have laid claim to back,taxes on a larcre part of the -neraonritiuy uj. me u,uvu,uuu estate leit dvn1U. 4J" AT. 5 A f fnn nnn. U , . .the late Harry S. Harkness, and Walton Byars, of Louisville, acting revenue agent on behalf of the commonwealth of Kentuckv. and Afcfcnrnp.vHogan Yancey, on behalf of FayetteCounty, filed suit in the FayetteCounty Court against Mrs. Florence S. Harkness, widow of the multimillionaire, executrix, and John WMcMiller, named as executor of thef ; g" S Lfarkness, for therecovery of back taxes.o-THAT TEBIUBLE HEADACHE.-Do ,you have periodic attacks ofheadache accompanied by sickness ofthe stomach or vomiting, a sallowskin and dull eyes? If so, you canget quick relief by taking Chamberlain's Tablets as directed for biliousness, and you may be able toavoid these attacks if you observethe directions with each package.(adv.) ' ' ioPeople these days pay a quarter tosee a movie actress grlnj whereas itused to cost a dollar to hear a, regular actor bellow.4 'A GREAT ECONOMY BECAUSE OFJXp WEAR"After a trip to Kilauea, the activevolcano of Hawaii, my, Neslin-soledshoes were the only, ones not absolutely ruined. Many in our a partywore hob-nailed boots," said Miss JeanP. Lane of Seattle, Washington.The sharp jagged lava of Kilaueacuts an ordinary sole to pieces quickly.That 'tfeelin Soles stood the test butemphasizes their toughness and durability. These qualities are built intothem by a scientific process. Womenand men and children, too who arehard on shoes should 'buy them withJNeolin Soles. They come in many'styles, and because of the extra wearthey give, are a great economy.And any repairman will re-soe yourwornshoes with Neelin Soles, whichare flexible and waterproof as well aslong-wearing. They are made by TheGoodyear Tire & Rubber Co., Akron,Ohio, who also make Wingfoot Heels,guaranteed to outwear all other heels.Ileolin SolesJnSti KufcfU. U.S. Fit. Of. -"1Wjlmoth's' FreshHome Baked Brpaids,Cakes, ri;es, ries. etc.-DailyFreslMeats,Roasts,Stealcs,Chops, Faney Goods,. FarnousCoffees and TeasWILMOTHGrocery Co, -vPhone?r,ill1iv III J . : . NI I . : ' '- fif"'' t III ' , . vf - s UII ' II V. . ' - - '.''U '-y :. LET THE 10 '. -. ' ' "FQRDSpN" . . ' :, :" v -" DO YOUR WORK ?"' 'III Hon your farm" with a frordson (I I Tractor?Let our , regular Tractor man ''.. demonstrate the fordspn to you. IRuggles Motor Co. IBank Row, Paris, Ky.J ' I-III li HThought He Was "Kidding."One day a Dublin grave digger working very 'hard broke his spade. Helent his little son for a new one andtold him to tell the shopkeeper hewould pay him when he was finished.When the boy came back empty-handed,his father asked him why he didnot bring the spade. "Because," saidthe boy, "he chased me away when Itold him you would pay him when yucame out of the grave."Take a few doses of Chamberlain'sTablets a directed for indigestion,and you will soon forget vabout yourstomach troubles. Try it.(AdT. Fab)THETobacco Warekouse Co.Total Sales for the Season6,116,245 Poundsr xFor $2,597,002.58; Average $42.47We hold the season average for the Parisy Market and State of Kentucky '7."'The, BourbonWeI " . ",SkGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor Equipmentboth;phones-day 137,- night 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.256 Hereford, Angus and ShorthornSteers for Sale.Weight 600 to l.tofi lbs. Ckoice quality." If interested write your wants.HARRY I. BALL, Fairfield, Iwa.14-2t)BOURBONr(Incorporated)I5(Sorts Shown In Proof of Above Claims.)v'?Lead thePlenty of Room to GetDrive Right In!Tobacco WarehoBstf Co.(Incerpcnted)PARIS, KCNTUCKY19iMake Yonr Milk DeliveriesBY TRACTIONKy. Traction & Terminal Co.r'V...i.-,1tv ,State !In!k?4"os- r I ;jiiC?.-1A--r 'J0BSDAY FEBRUARYS, 119.2fi BOTOBON NEWjB, PAWS, KENTUCKYfAOT SXflfsft,eReiierc J oi Cattrrk Dm to La Grippe, Thank toPERUNAMrs. Laura Berberick, 69 years .old,of 1205 SViflow Aye Hoboken, N. J.,writes:aro I had a! severe attacf loiter my sickness I was troubled with.BaBaBypBBBBaisaLalBl .-.-' ssaiaBaKJw'':BBalaMBaMsV"Fourhoarseness and slime in the head and throat, and- told I ka Catarrh. I took some medicinebut witnoui mucn oenenu asvery winter ior iour years. I nave hadjjaGrlppe (last winter three times).The Catarrh grew worse. I could not He down or sleep at night.Vas always troubled with. BUmepaia. ia xay bade amd a terriblekesaacke every morning-, when I woke up, and had no blood.X got a Peraam calendar in Danish, mynative language, and I readit through, every testimony, and then I fceagkt a kettle ef Peraaa.To-dajr I can truthfully testify that Permaa feaa keea a great keaeatto me x 1as ?ve,Lmie oe atreaartk. I can lie dowa aad sleepwithout being troubled, I have no pain, headache, or noise in myhead, I have graiaei la weig-kt three pounds, which I think is (roodg for my ag:. iwill be slxty-aiae years old next summer. I have usedPeruna since jl started in u'eoruary. and I use it yet. I feel cheerfuland happy, tkaaka to Peraaa. It will always fee ia ary koate and Irecommend it to these wk aeed It." 'IilQTJID OB. TABLET FORM FOR SALE EVERYWHEREBOURBON TOBACCO WAREHOUSECO. PLANNING ANOTHER ,, t HOUSE.Xffl TERMINALS AT CORBIN TOCOST $1,500,000 . 'Ije L. & N. railroad is investingapproximately $1,500,000 ia iinproremients at Corbin, the junction ofthe Knoxville and Cumberland Valley divisions. It is said that thirtymiles of new track will be laid inand, around the town and plans aresaid to contemplate the erection of anew passenger station and the "conversion of the old building, Which ispractically of new construction, intoan office 'building with an additionalstory to be added. The new improvements with make Corbin the largestrailroad center in Eastern Kentucky.In line with the junction improvements at Corbin the L! & N. is goingahead with the 'double-tracking ofthe Cumberland Valley division fromCorbin to Paige, Bell county, to afford an adequate outlet for the bigtonnage of coal which will come outof Harlan, Bell and Knox counties.In .new construction work atLynch, industrial city established inHarlan county by the United StatesCoal & Coke Company, many fine residences are being constructed ofatone, at a cost of from $ 5,0 00 upward. This is a departure frofn theusual coal town building and willmake Lynch a model city of its kind.The company's 140 room stone hotelwill soon be completed.'DON'T DRUG KIDNEYSRUB BACKACHE AWAYInstant Relief! Rub Pain, Sorenessarid Stiffness Prom Your Backitn "St. Jacob'sLiniment.''The Bourbon Tobacco 'WarehouseCompany has purchased from Wm.Kiser his frame cottage at the cornerof "Main Street and Barnes Avenue,and the h ouse will be removed fromthe lot to make way for a mammothnew brick warehouse to acepmmodatethe rapidly increasing business of theBourbon Tobacco Warehouse Company. .jVith the Kiser property purchasedthe Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCompany now has a; lot fronting 160feet on Main Street, with a depth of300 feet, on which a mammoth newwarehouse is to be erected.Officials of the Company are having plans and specifications preparedfor the new structure, and when completed, it is said, Vill be one of themost up-to-date and best lightedhouses in the State.With the completion ot the newhouse, the Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Company wiir-liave three of themost modern and1 up-to-the-minuteloose leaf sales Warehouse in theSouth, with a combined floor capacityof ,from three quarters to a millionpounds of tobacco. The new warehouse is made necessary-by-i the Company's rapidly increasing business andit is planned to begin work on thenew b.uilding as early in the spring asweather conditions will permit.The Company only recently purrchased the T. J. Woodall cottage andthe two vacant lots adjoining tocreate""additional drives and wagonyards for the growers, that they mayreceive quick and satisfactory servicewhen they send their tobacco to market. .CAN 11 ',BltOFE'. 1(11WPelt '"Tired .Out All Time.Couldn't Do Work BeforeTaking MeritoneandV)tr la :&Ata VW'UmWSSSSm xv wla sQ ivf M&J&tSWTmtir & .Wl W&M. W&Wm wMmmimltU wITEYPTOITIV. GLASSES IV.THE INVISIBLE BIFOCALSTHE TOBACCO MARKETHoLet us examine your eyes,gaess work we know bow. tPitted byDr. Win. Riley FranklinSuite 205-6 First National Bank,Both Phones.v Paris, Ky.Kidneys cause backache? No!They have no nerves, . therefore cannot cause pain. Listen! Your backache is caused bylumbago, sciaticaor a strain, and the quickest reliefis soothing, penetrating "St. Jacob'sLiniment." Rub it right on the acheor tender spot, a.nd instantly thepain, .soreness, stiffness ana lameness disappears. Don't stay crippled!Get a small .trial bottle of "St.Jacob's Liniment" from your druggist and limber up. A moment atterit 4s applied you'll wonder' what became of the backache, sciatica orlumbago pain. "St. Jacob's Liniment" stop3 any pain at once. t ishanmlesa . and doesn't burn or discolor the skin.It's the only application to rub ona weak, lame or painful back; or f oriinmhmro. sciatica, neuralgia, rheu-'imatism, sprains or a strain, (adv)Aetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiaDiiity tAnd OtherCasualtiesA. J. FEKFor Influenza!Bourbon Warehouse, Friday, Feb. 14.The Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCompany .sold Friday, a total of96,315 pounds for $49,858.68,- anaverage of $51.76. The followingcrop averages were reported:Marshall & Vanhook sold 4,540pounds, average $61.58,Meng & Talbott sold 4,010 pounds,average$68.00.Ardery & Gross sold 3,150 pounds,average $56.29.-Meteer & Ginn sold 3,120 pounds,average $39.07.Clay & Boots' sold 3,270 pounds,average $54.35.Jake Brierly sold 1,960 pounds,average $48.80.Skillman & Allen sold 3,065pounds, average$39.26.Knox & Kennedy sold 2,735 pounds,average $54.62.Henry & iBhmael sold 3,150 pounds,average $54.93.Brice 'Steele sold 1,995 (pounds,average $71.86.Jones - & Montgomery sold '7,500pounds, average$63.90.Offutt & Biddle sold 1,'965 pounds,average'SS.R. A. Mitchell sold 1,455 pounds,average $54.37.Thomas & Bradleypounds, average $53.07.Henry & Petersbnpounds, average $68.66.Kenney & Whalenpounds, average $30.30.Marr & Andersonpounds, average $42.30.Hedges & Hall sold 2,670 pounds,average $54.45."Rogeas & French sold 1,965 pounds,average $34.86.Kit Biddle sold 1,535 pounds,average $32.30.1Henry & Carmichael sold 2,235pounds, average $62.79.Clay & Eldridge sold 7,565 pounds,average $58.95.Burke, Brent & Graysold 9,325'pounds, average $66.23.'Henry & Wilson sola 860 pounds,average $53.76. '"I can get around and do (my work"now without a bit of trouble," saidMrs. Florence Rector, of 1.500 Arthur avenue, Nashville."I used ,to feel tired qut all thetime and it seemed impossible for meto keep up with my work. For along time before I had influenza myhealth was bad and I felt nervousand irritable and had no appetite."I was so weak after the influenza that il couldn't even stay up, butI'm getting back mv strength now.r-- - - j w -Meritone .has taiade me .feel feel freshand active. My appetite has comeback, too, and I eat everything witha relish and enjoy it.RECOMMENDS MERITONE'Qt you have had influenza andare weak and nervous, Meritone willsurely put you back in good condition again," said Mrs. Rector. - "Iknow it did the work for me."In fact, Meritone has-done smesomuch good that I'm' getting anotherbottle for my little boy.",Meritone is the new tonic of realmerit that folks who had influenzaor pneumonia are advised to take tobuild up their strength. Meritone isalso recommended1 for any disorderedcondition of the system, such'asjstomach, liver or kidney trouble orcatarrh or rheumatism.' Meritone is sold Exclusively inParis by G-. S. Varden & Son,(adv)EXPRESS COMPANY STARTS CAMPAIGN IHR BETTER SERVICEHere's the big work, littlecost tractor the TitanfTHE Titan 10-20 has been on the market for? I years, and has made good without reservation.-- 10 horsepower, at the draw bar 20 horsepowerX at the belt.A well-balanced tractor that is suited to all farm'i I power work. It drives easily, affords maximum pull-ing power for its weight, and is suited in every way toy the general run of farm work. Not too large for thej small farm, yet large enough to handle a great volumej , of work. .Use it with an Oliver PlowWe recommend that you use an Oliver plow with sv your Titan tractor because it means the best plowingunder all conditions. The combined rolling coulter iand jointer buries all trash and weeds at the bottomof tl)e furrow; the stop device maintains an even depthof furrow; the plow points enter and leavethe groundfirst, making it possible to plow clear to the ends of thea- field; and the trip rope control operates easily from -the drivers seat on the tractor.We have a full line of Oliver plows as well as the.Titan tractor here at our salesroom.C. S. BALL GARAGEsoldsoldsoldsod2,9354,9402,5152,470For influenza, amd after effects,use K. U. Tablets. They build upypjir, nerves aUd' stomach; rid thesystem of all aches, pains 'and tiredfeelings. They restore vigor andvim. They are fine for headacheand rheumatism. The contents of K.U. Tablets &re used by all or. tne Destphysicians of thecountry.Don't be without them in yourhopne. r Once tried they are alwaysused. They are put up in 10c and25c boxes and are for Sale by alldragf-lsts and groceries.Distributed by theK. U. CHEMICAL CO..568 McClelland. Building,7feb-3mos) Lexington. Ky.-GIRLS! HAVE WAVYTHICKGLOSSY HAIRFREE FRpM DANDRUFFSave Your Hair !y Double Its Beauty In a Few Moments.Try"?his!AGENT-W.H!HIUfcflLiiT8f"J-MlilMi,,Tobacco! Cotton! .ALLGRADESSee Us ForThe Besti PriceBRIGHTER'EVENINGSlEt WmTwin Bros;Department StoreMain an 7th.tFrW,Kynm(mwml Nothing'adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes lffe moreworth living, than a well illuminated bouse. ,9lse '.GlectricityTor CigWings 'It?s the only satisfactory way.llse Sits-for Beating and CookingIt's 'the only sensible plan.LetUsFix You UpFor the Use of Both vElectricity and Oas. 'J Paru Gas & Electric Co.If you care for heavy hair, thatgliBtens with beau ty and is radiantwith life; has an incomparable softness and is fluffy and lustrous; tryDanderine. " .Just one application doubles thebeauty of your hair, besides ft im-'mediately dissolves every particle ofdan'dfuff; you cannot ' have niceheavy, healthy hair if you havedandruff. This destructive scurf robsthe hair of its lustre, its strengthand its very life, and if not overcome it produces a 'feverishness anditching of the. scalp; the hair Tootsfamish, loosen and die; then thehair falls out fast.If your hair has been neglected!and is thin, faded, dry, scraggy ortoo oily, get a gmall bottle of Knowl-to,n's Danderine at any drug store ortoilet counter for a few cents; apply a little as directed and ten minutes after you will say this was thebest investment you ever .made.We sincerely believe, regardless ofeverything else advertised, that ifyou desire soft,, lustrous, beautifulhair and lots of it no dandruff poitching scalp and no more fallinghair you must use Knowlton's Danderine. If eventually why notnow? ',(adv)Plans of a most comprehensive nature to bring about conditions whichwill make possible a marked improvement in the express servicethroughout the country, were announced .recently, by C. E. Colliver,local representative of the AmericanRailway Express Cppipany. A "Better Service Campaign" will be undertaken by the 135,000 men andwomen employed in the express business, for the purpose of raising thestandard of packing, wrapping andmarking express shipments.The drive started on eoruary u,in every city and town in the country. It will comprise a campaign ofeducation and appeal among expressemployes simultaneously with awidespread effort to secure the cooperation of the shipping publiche same lines. No new packing ormarking rules havebeen adopted .forthe cppnpaign, but express driversand receiving clerks will -be instructed hereafter to insist, firmlybut courteously, that the rules already, in force be strictly Nadheredto.The chief purpose of the "BetterService Campaign" is to check, onceand for all, the waste of tittle, effortand money that result from lost ordamaged shipments. It is a source ofdissatisfaction and annoyance toboth shippers and the carrier andtends to impair the express service.It is expected that all who ship byexpress, 'and 300000,000 shipmentsare annually traveling that way, willbe keenly interested in the forthcoming drjive, because it so intimately concern the transportation end ofmany different trades and industries, some of which depend aljmostexclusively upon the express service.The tJ6tier service oiuuycwBuwill be conducted for the purpose ofbringing about a betterment of theexpress service, in the interest of thepeople who depend upon it occasionally. But its success depends largelyupon the response and co-operationof the shippers themselves, in theopinion of the express officials directing the drive,and there are many indications that this help on the, partof the public, will b forthcoming."Start Express Shipments Right"is a slogan which will be carriedthroughout the country by posterson express wagons, placards in windows and by pamphlets, arid otherforms of printedmatterAxSend That Next Job off Printing to TheBourbon News. Best Work; Right Prices.New Toll Rate Effective January21st, 1919Order NNo. 2495 of th Telegraph and Telephone Administrateissued by the Postpnaster General at Washington, December 13th, a atwtoll rate Is ordered effectiT Januarry 21. 1919.According to our interpretation of this order the toll rates will be)classified as follows: The day rate applies between the hour of 4:29 a.m. and 8:30 p. m. ' i WeMNight rate between 8:30 and 12 midnight for station-to-statioa seasage only, Shall be approximately 50. per cent, less than any day ratvbut no night rate for less than 25 cents.Another night rate between 12 midnight and 4:30 a. m. shall se as1 proximately 75 per cent, lest than the day rate, but no night rate letthan 25 cents.Person-to-person messages shall be approximately -25 per ctftt.higher than statiom-to-statlon rates. 'Appointment calls shall be approximately 50 per cent, higher tmamstation-to-station calls. ,Calls which require service of a messenger shall take the ayaatatment rate, plus cost of messenger fee.A report charge of approximatly25 per cent: of the station-ta' station rate will be made on all person-to-person calls, when person 4 est reia not in or will not talk or if party ealling Is out wnem connection ia eParis Home Telephone & Telgraph Co.,y. (laeorporataa.)W.PAEIS TESTIMONYJ. J. VEATOH.District tfanaaerH. CAIfHOH.Local XamactrQueer Epitaphs. ,Queer epitaphs are frequently fakes ;out the following really appears in aSalop churchyard: 7$llzabetht thewife of Richard BarkHmb,v passed toeternity oaA Saturday, list of May,1787, In theeaeventy-nrs; year of herage. .Richard Barklamb, the Antespouse ' Uxorious, was Interred here,26th Jan., 1806, in his eighty-fourthyear." What an antespouse 'uxoriousmay be is not explained, CardiffWestern-Mall.Home Proof, Here, There and Everywhere. vWhen you see Doan's Kidney Pillsrecommended in this paper you mostalways find the recomjmender' aParis resident. It's the same every-where-pin3,800 towns in the U. S.Fifty thousand people publicly thankDoan's. What other kidney remedycan give this proof of merit, honesty and truth? Home testimonymust be true or it could not be published here. Read fhis Paris recommendation. Then insist on havingDoan's. Vou will know what youare getting: "'Phillip M. Heller, proprietor meatmarket, 722 Main street, says: "Ihave used Doan's Kidney Pills a fewtimes in the past and yhave beengreatly benefitted by them. At timesmy back was weak and lame and thekidney secretions passed too frequentlyT making-me get up often atnight. I have used a box of Doan sviiinev Pins at those times and theyhave always rid me of the complaint.I think they are. a splendid medicineand gladly recomftnend them."N Price, 60c, at all dealers. Dontsimply ask for' a kidney rejmedyj-getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Heller had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfre., Buffalo, N. Y.After all, the world is ull of poetry and.it isn't all in the wastebasket, either. -$No, Made, dear; a girl isni nec-'uaeu w oe, ril' "fl-Jitjir toPessary. a belle 7 just "because she wprjcmg, duvi ! - -.---wrings her hands. - do -the smginai - jXIrxIXaHXiXSBalX!IXmBourbon Laundry iDAVIS & FUNK,. ProprietorsTelephone No. 4Wet Fifh StreetjgLp - v ;M PAVBSlSCEBaJB ,h t '4zsarmm5 CZ 3-r '3XIXIXISATISFACTION iOUR WATCHWORD!With all the Uteat improvement! in laundry appllaneatand expert helpers we arefur A prepued to do work inefr'f rcJ nor xo none, ana oircitypur patronage.The Bourbon LaundryPans, Kentucky1-XiiX!EXasVXsSatXSslXsamlXSBlX;x-fThfl old-fashfoned happy girl -whoa eirio. f hpr work is stillIIQuality Printing!Absolute Satisfaction is one of theRequisites of The News Job PrincinaMe-MAB a r ihi m ari akiir,eirigMni .. r-w m -f- wm..' J;.j jto-R'Vu,V X-..KMxlsXIXII:XI,;XzrvVciTrN- ttrimtW)1&it3 s -. . - f. . x .A. "J- . w .? . .4-. A. ...lk-yy-TUESDAY FEBRUARY 18, lflf.THE' BOTfl&ON -MCTR PA3KS, gEHTUCglTM&IIiGHE:?p."-THE PARIS GRANDThursday, Friday and Saturday, Feb. 20, 21, ,22ORTM & COEEMAN TL IUIS4.Sa MAMxum'ilrAve2 to 5.30 Alamo and Grand Ytig- 2T. K; TODAY, TUESDAYPauline FrederickTomorrow, WednesdayPresent I IK? IVI4IJC9lllr 1II JWm. S. Hart.in Tabloid Musical Comedies."Pretty Girls, New Costumes, Special Scenery.in "THE ETERNAL CITY"A vivid photoplay from. a great novgl.Antonio Morenb and TU ij-nn Taof"card Hoiioway,in Inerlron lestAnd Pathe Comedy'GOING, GOING, GONE"'THE BORDER WIRELESS' :inTHURSDAY"THE GREAT HANDICAPJf Singing, Dancing. MusicNovelties and Loads of FunS- iSee how he handlesthe Hun spies in this ygreat picture. , vBig V Comedy, "Beauty and Booty"Paramount Pictograph ' -HClara Kimball YoUIlg "The Road -Through the Dark"JLyons-Moran Comedy, "House Cleaning Horrors," and Screen .Telegram.ki XlOne Show Edward Vgn Leeuwe Orchestra One ShowStarts at 7330, ' PRICES 25 AND 50c 10 WAR TAX ADDED. 5tart$ at 1:S9Edward Van Leeuwe Orchestra PriceswaexnaIts22cI Picture Ptogra-Ti( at the Alamo Afternoon Only.j:'?!I rVASA.m. .lv. ." ' ' MILLERSBURG-R.I, "Mrs. J. H. Collier and Mr. Ss 'Butler are improving nicely.- " All of -the "flu" eases are improving nicely, and no new ones reported. , Regular meeting of Amity Lodge$?o. 40, F.'and A. M.,.at 7:30 p. m.this evening.Mr. James Ellington, who hashas been confined to his home' withthe grippe, is able to be put again.The Millersburg Coal & LumberCompany sold three valuable workJmules to Mr. Brent some, pays agofor $1,200. " aMr. Thomas Farris and familyii.ve moved to the property of Mrs.Sue B. Sandusky, on Vine street,from their farm recently sold.."Miss Katherine Robertson is doing day work for the Bourbon HeineTelephone Company 'on 'account ofthe illness of Miss Lute Thomas, whois confined to her " home with thegrippe. . .PUBLIC SALE. On Feb. 21, at2 -p. jm..I will sell all my stock,fartn implements' etc., to the highestbidder. Sale held on premises.Don't fail to attend. Don't forgetate --, (7-td) " EDGAR HURST.'Mr"E. H. Kerr andNfamily have, DEATHS. "4T'CLAY.-Following an illness of severalweeks from heart trouble, Mr,- Thos.Henry Clay, Jr., one of the bestknown and most poafllar youfig farmers in the county, died at his home,"THe Heights," near Austerlitz, Saturday morning. Mr. Clay had beena sufferer from the disease for sometime, and had for a while been underthe care of a specialist in Cincinnati.All that pnedical skill could do,wasbrought to his aid, but the insidiousdisease could not be stayedand deathcame to his relief at an "early hourSaturday morning.Mr. Clay was the son of Mr. andMrs. Thomas Henry Clay, Sr.,)fParis, and was rated as being one ofthe wealthiest and most progressiveyoung farmers in the Bluegrass region. He resided on his country'-estate,"The Heights,", near Austerlitz, regarded as one oft the most complete farins in Central Kentucky. Hehad reduced fanning to' a science,ajid his farm had heen managedalong these lines until it had" reachedthe highest point of productiveness.He was keenly alive to everythinglooking to the betterment and development of the agricultural interestsof the county, and was one of themo -d to the farm of Mr. J. C. Leer, 1 1 orejmost in promoting anythinglaW v ourchased from- Mr. D. M. tending to tne good ortne city anaHu'"t, and vacated ny nimseu anaone of the most propiinent fafcniljesin the county t and State, she wasmarried on September 13, 18f 0, toMr. Edwin G. Bedford, Sr., at thattime one of themost noted and successful breeders and Taisersof thoroughbred "Shorthorn cattle ' in theUnited States. For many years theSales of Shorthorn cattle conductedannually by tMr. Bedford .were at-1tended by buyers from all over theUnited States, and by many fromEngland and France, in which countries the Shorthorn industry wasjust beginning to qome into prominence. .The hospitality extended tohis'guests by Mr. Bedford at thesesales was largely augmentedby thechaAningrpersonality of his" wife,whose reputation as a hostess wasStatewide. tThe body arrived in Paris Sundaynight from Oklahoma 'City. Thefuneral was held in vthe Paris Cemetery yesterday afternoon .t at 2:30o'clock, with services conducted atthe graveby Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastorof the Paris Christian church. Thepall-bearers were: Silas E. Bedford,E. B January, Lafe Ardery;OssianEdwards, John. Clay and Jas. D. McClintock. ,. ,WDPATHEBS NOT TO FORGETEBENCK OUPffANS.- : JNearly - 3,500 French orphansradopted by American, soldiers overseas, will not be forgotten by their"godfathers"under a plan announcedby theAjnierican Red Cross. Whilein France,, th American troops contributed nearly 2,000,000 francs forthe care of tne orphans, and the RedCross has given notice it was prepared to receive contributions from themen after they return tovthis countryand are discharged and to handlecorrespondence between themeri andtheir "adopted" children.FRANK., 1 ii-C-I I K'H'tHH1 It i ! 1 1 1 1 1 H I M 1 1Big Special!-yrfam lv from that of Mr. O. M. Johnson. Mr. Hurst and family havemoved to Winchester. c' -tMr. C. T. McDaniel has resigned JUis position as local manager ofthe Bourbon Home Telephone Co.,and will go to farming in the e&rlyspring. Mr. and Mrs; McDaniel -havebeen with us but a short tijme, butliavo mad5quite a number of friends'during their short sojourn in ourmidst. Mr. McDaniel is succeeded by' Mr. Albert Evans, who comes wellrecommended as -a. tefeplume manager. Mrs. Evans will take the position On the board, held by Mrs. McDaniel at present. Mr. , and Mrs.McDaniel are at Little Rock with herparents. Rev. and Mrs. E. K. Kid-- -well. ' v .0 oB-4T1RE vi leisure with v- W.O.H1NTON &SON,Agtsxj: O10IL TANK EXPLOSION CATTSE$16,0(p PIRE LOSS.Fire in the oil ""fields of Allencounty, seven miles north of,Scotts-o-niAKvTT caused from an explosionof an oil well owned by the PelicanOil- Company, destroyed two largetanks, the power house and severalother buildings owned by this cormuanv. valued at $11,000. The firespread rapidly to the J. I. Johnson, tj -u,,- 1. T n TTniniltonNOil Company. Here two largetanks exploded and several buildingshuraed. The loss of this company iffestimated at $5,000.' o 'Fire, Wirid and Lightningfrmirance., . Titonw, Woodford & BryanIN MEMORIAM.county.For many years Mr. Clay had takenan active interest in preserving an'dconserving the fish and game resources of the State, and had labored faithfully and effectively to havelaws enacted and enforced for theprotection of fish in the streams andgame in the woods of the county.Two years ago, recognizing Mr.Clay's abilities and deep interest inthe work Governor Stanley appointed him a member of the StateFishand Game Commission, a positionwhich he filled with signal -abilityand in which he proved almost valuable aid to the Compnission-Besides his interest in agricultureand in the work of the Commission,.Mr. Clay was an ardent sportsman,and was rated as one?' of the most expert trapshooters in the State. As amember of the Hilltop Gun Clufr, inits time ranking as one of? the foremost sporting organizations of theState, he defeated at various timesmost of the crackshots of the State,and held the State championship fora number of years. His beautifulhqme contained among its -most cherished possessions a number or handsome trophies attesting his skill atthe traps, evidences of contests wonby him in shooting contests in different parts of the country. .The annual shooting tournaments ' held atthe Hill Top Gun Club grounds, closeto his residence; and in which hewas one of the leading participants,have been regularly attended bysportsmen frtfn all parts of thecountry. At these events ivir. waywas always present and his genialmanners and open-hearted hospitality to all comers helped toTrtake theday one of -genuine enjoyment.. Mr. Clay was a consistent memberof the Paris Christian church, andwas one of the ofilcers of the church.He was ever ready to do his bit inthe interest of humanity, and in allthe war work activities of the pasthe was dne of tne leaning spirits,The -body of Mrs. MabeP'RussettFrank, whose tragic death by burning at the home of her mothr,Mrs.Charles Barnett; near Taylorsville,was recorded in these colufnrfs, wasbrought to her late home - in thiscity Friday. tFuneral services Were conductedat the residence at four-o'clock, Sunday afternoon, 6y Rev. W. E. Ellis,pastor of the J?aris Christian", church.The interment followed on the familylot in the Paris Cemetery. The pallbearers were Robert Lee Frank, Julian Frank, Milton C. Browning,Buckner Woodford, John T. Collins,J, Elmer Boardman, Chas. T. Kenneyand Charlton Alexander..The sympathy of The" entire corajmunity, goes out to the only son.Nvir.Russell' Frank, and, to the survivingrelatives. Her death jvas a peculiarly-sadand tragic one, followingin a fevw months the sudden death ofher" husband, Miv S. A. j4 Frank.Among .the people of Paris she Tank-,ed " as . a woman of culture,, - rennemenfand sympathy, a kind neighbor,a' devptetf niother, and a true friend,an withal a woman of heroic mouldin bravely meeting the stern requirements and often the disappointmentso life. Her home instincts werestrong and her affection for friendsand kindred -tender and abiding.10 Pound Bucket1 PureLard$2.50 .MflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat Marketst AiThe J. T. Hinton Co. jlMS, UNDERTAKERSAND , EMBAZMMRSParis Ky.Mainancf SixthStreetsDay phone 36Night s . . 56or Home 2S6Motor equipment" Ambulance calls promptly attended to with our JLimousine Invalid coactr.rHearse used for funeral purposes only.KrT-:SwwmmmMBHSail! tHmitltUIHltHHf'HHIMrM HUMThe News Job Department is Always Bus$r,"There's a Reason.7! Work Done Right!SMITHOtt .February 9,1919, our Heavenly j never waiting forsojmeone else toFather, in His infinite wisdom ana' unerring providence, called from' 'eartii to Heaven, from labor to rest,lArt F. McPuffee, aged 46 years.Mr, McDuffee contracted influenza,which R'as followed by pnevnnia-- Ke is'Survived by his rwidow -andone daughter, Mrs. Frank Redmond;w cictars Mrs. Geo. Thomas andlead, but going to the front nwnseiiHe was essentially a business man, aman of activity, and a valuable asset to the agriculturalthe county.Mr. Clay is survivied by his parents. Mr. and Mrs. Thomas HenryIciay, Sr., his widow, who was formerly Miss Bessie Woodford, daugnThe funeraf 6f Mrs. Emjma Cdllins Smith, aged sixty-five, Vfop diedat her hopne near Jacksonville at anearly hour Friday mowiing,, after ashort illness of pneufrionia, was heldat the. family residence Saturdaymorning at ten o'clock, with servicesconducted by Rev. J. B. Jones. Theinterment followed in the Smith private burial groundnear Jacksonville.Mrs. Collins was a daughterof thelate Mr. Lee Smith, who" was one ofthe wealthiest land-owners of his dayin the county- Her first husband, jMr. Albert uoiiins, died near Jacksonville-several years ago. Two weeksago Mrs. Smith was united in marriage to her second"" husband, lfrLewis mith, the. cerepnony beingperformed in Cynthiana by CountyJudge King. "Mrs. Smith is survived By the fallowing children by her nrst marriage Mrs. Angie H. Moore, of Paris;Stoll Collins, and Robert Collinsr ofthA ommtv: MYs. W. M. Moore, ofinterests of Lewrenceburg; Mrs. 'James Slack, of'! Georgetown, and Mr. -L.ee uoinnsr oirA-TCLEAN SWEEPMrs William Stuart, of Paris, and a4ter of the late Mr. Buckner Wood-,Vv.v Sr brother, J. W. McDuffee, of CiicinnatL -.' Mr. McDuffee was born, m Harrison county Torty-six years ago. neunited with the Baptist church atthe jtge of 18 yea'rs, and has lived afaithful, loyal member of his church.xr we o in Am her of the Paris' Bap-' tist church at the time of his, death,and was intensely interested in thework of his church. His loss is feltkeenly by the church and his hostsof friends.May the Father comfort and console the bereaved wife, and reveal tober the wisdom of JHs providence.) - Q.O-; i-JOKIOEE PARIS SALOONIST SUEDSuit for 520,000 damages has beenfiled in the Fayette Circuit Court byX C. Campbell against John Johnson,Wsaioon keeper at the corner ofNorth" Limestone and. Short streets,Lexington. According to ,tfie peti" tioa of 'Canipbell, while standingin front of the saloon of Johnsonr helit a match and threw it to one side,where it came in contact with gasaid fumes originating fr&n whisky1 barrels on the sidewalk, causing, anexplosion which broke his leg in six. 1&C6, almost blinding one eye,jxi caused fcipn to suffer other severe injuries.Georgetown.'ford, -cashier of the' Bourbon janicof Paris;' two children, ThomasHenry Clay HIT and Miss x BessieWoodford'Clay; two brothers, AlfredClay, of Bourbon county, and Geo.Williams Clay, of Paris, and one sister, Mrs. Nannine Clay Wallis, wifeof Mr. Frederick A. Wallis, jvourtnDeputy Police Commissioner of NewYork City. -The funeral took place at the family home yesterday morning at teno'clock, with services conducted byRev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of the ParisChristian church. The intermentollo)fred on the family lot in theParis Cemetery. The pall-bearerswere John Woodford, Buckner Woodford. J. Quincy Ward, John T. Collins, Sam Clay, Catesby Spears, JudgeRobert Lee Stout and Dr. W. N.Offuttv" BEDFORD.Mrs. Edwin G. Bedford, Sr.,aged about eighty-nine, dfed Fridaynight at the home of her son, Mr.Edwin G. Bedford, Jr., at OklahomaCity, Oklahoma, where she had beenmaking her home for the past, twoyears."Mrs. Bedford had spent practicallyall-her long and useful life in Bourbon county, where she w.as regarded7as otfe of the county's best-knownand most beloved women. As MissLucy DeGrafton' Reed, daughter of"PORTER., ,, The hearts of many friends inthis city go out in sympathy to .Mr.and Mrs. J. Sherman Porter,. ofLexington, in their saf bereavement, thedeath f their lovely young daughterMiss Stella Porter, whose unequalstruggle against "tjhe. last enemy"ended in defeat. - ,Sundav the lasf sad rites were.said over her frail body, and thosewho knew and' loved, her bowed their Jheads and said, '.'Thy will be done,as they left her 'jast resting place.A ' ''.f i r i.am. m m -' aaaaaat aaim x 'aA H H sB, aVaH ' H' ' vJBMKm ' km nkm mXnnm BvaBaaaaaaaaaaa aaaEntirevStock of Winter Footwear Must Go !Great Reduction in spiteof the fact of the fact thatwe xannot replace thesehigh grade shoes - at Viearhese prlces. DQfi'TWAIT! BUY HOW! Delay mean a money loss."to you!j$ir;ths.-N,-Inthis city.Friday night, tothe wife of Mr. Edwin Faries, of theLouisville & Nashville, a son, EdwinFaries. Jr., weighten and one-halfpounds. " t ", At the Massie Memorial Hospitalin this city, -to Ihe wife of Mr. BriceSteele, of near Paris, a son, christened Brice Steele, Jr The motherwas formerly Miss Freda Whi'dley, ofLouisyille. ' 'Mr. and Mrs. A. R. Dennison, ofRailroad street, ai.e welcoming thea'rrival of a son at J:heir home. Thelittle fellow, their th.ird child, arrived at 'the Dennison home Satur-ady. Mrs.r Dennison 4 was tjEormerlyJ,Miss Enjima Collins, of Clark county.-Womfcn'sMen's and Children's Shoes at RecordBreaking Marked Down Prices. Allbroken and discontinued linesNat , -.1-2 P RICEand. in 'many .instances even less.i i rr. l 3 -J r 7 'u V iMl II Iv Ml) ffl IW W ' Iftj all I" - kZ 1VJust, a Few of the Hundreds of Marked Down PricesBroken Sizes, dj-j qcLadies' GreyBoots Louis heel, -o ACbest quality, allsiz.es, $5.95 val. v.P.iJLadies' Mahogany English or L6uis HeelBoots,. with cjoth tops to match, ,ao A(15,00 values, at ". ...0.ti7Ladies' Mahogany Tan English 6a ejrjX.... ..wwBoots, $6. 00"1 values, atLaolles, Dark Grey Boots, all kio mt QCtops. WafeOver, 19.00 values, at..-Ladies Black English or Cuban do aqHeel Boots, $4.00 valfes, at.-. &&Ladies Assorted$5(00 values at...men ubtk. Tan English 1 j-a j nj-.00-values at pt.UU-t.JEnglish Walk-Over o apj.J$6Men3G. M.andother famous makes, $4; 50 val.Men's Gun Metal Lace, E. & J.makes, $4.00 values, at. . 'Boys' Qun Metal Lace, $2.50 valines at .. . t..$2.49$1.79Don't Miss This Money - Saving Opportunity.," - Sale Now Going On. . '- ;DAN COHENParjsV.GrfeatestSboe Store , V;; Where .Beauty andJEconomy RligoJX- V jJ&&g&?,. . t jrjMjr i-'v