rXT1v "THEWfcteUNEWSwigr'-5r-e-TJ;'7r& k?-V ui. r ; -ii V -r v : . .I -i.. ,PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND PRIT, Y IN THE YEAR.NIffSVOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1919NBOURBONJSBtJkC:hscal corarPEoccEDnrcs. Tributes to CaptainThe February term of the Bourbon D L II .! fFiscal Court convened in the Count IvCUDCH HutClICr3.ltCourt room yesterday morning for ashort session, County Judge George -.Batterton presided, with the follow-' iae following letter telling of theing Magistrates present: E. P. death of Capt. Reuben Hutchcraft,Thomason, R. H. Burris, J. S. Tal- of Paris, on the battle front inbott, J. S. Wiggins, John S. Shrop- France, was written in December by"shire and R. O. Turner. Private A. G. Gerlach, .a member ofClaims against the county amount- capt. Hutchcraffs company to hising to several hundred dollars were sister in Cell 0hi and'prhltedallowed and ordered paid. The Court , Vlrt n .. '., . ' f aallowed the sum of $252 for sheep m the e?ina ?lly Stadard, on Jankilled and injured by dogs in the uary 10th' 1919- A prominent atcounty. The report of County Road torney of that city, noting in theEngineer Bedford was received, published letter that Capt. Hutchread and filed. Magistrates Shrop- craft was a former member of theshire, Thompson and Engineer Bed- Kentucky Legislature, sent' a copy offord were appointed a committee to the Standard to Mr. Crowe. Sneakerpurchase a rock quarry for Center- 0f the House of Renresfintative.s withville precinct. -It was ordered thatthe request that he forward it to theJ-!. nniYi rt t C AA an tvrT4"V Va Tn41to Mrs. Harriet Minaker, Visiting fa'mily of Capt. Hutchcraft, in thisNurse of the Bourbon County Health clt which was done. The NEWS& Welfare League, for the support of reproduces that portion of the letSusie Breckinridge. ter that has a direct bearing on theIt was ordered by the Court that death of Bourbon's brave represenno office in the Court House, furnish- tative, as follows:ed as an office, shall be used for any i .0n the night of tne sixth anotherotner purpose uian xor me . battaiion took over the front lineand private business of said offices, , . . . ., ... . .excluding any partner or business as- and e slept in the village of Chesouate said officer may have. Order- mery abut ten miles from Sedan, ased that the salary of W. L. Current, we were tired out and a night's resttruck driver, be fixed at ? 9 0.00 per was what we needed. But, no, itmonth, beginning March 1. The was not to be. Orders were changedCourt then adjourned, to meet again At one o'clock on the morning 'of thein March. seventh we were again eroused ando .took over, the lines again. Then! came an. order which I dare say didBSAL ESTATE BEST PAYING IN- not appeal to me as a bit of strategyVESTMENTNOW. and which caused us heavy losses andno gain in the end.ACCIBENTLY HUET.While cranking his automobile athis home near Paris, Mr. ClaibourneLisle, son of Mr. and Mrs. D. C. Lisle,had his right arm broken. He wasbrought to the Massie Memorial Hospital, where he was given medical attention. Mr. Lisle was reported yesterday as getting along very nicely'.Money invested in real estate, estate, especially suburban property, isnow one of the safest and best investments for idle capital. On Saturday, Feb. 22, Dr. J. A. Gilkey willoffer at public sale at the court housedoor in Paris, Ky., a most desirablelot of property, two small farms,well and conveniently-located in thesuburbs of Paris. This property isclosely described in the big displayadvertisement published in this issueof THE NEWS. Read the ad and attend the sale. (7-5t)rSESH, NEW GOODS REASONABLE PEICES.Fresh supply "Serwus" whitesyrup, ISc per can; also brown sugarat 10 Vz cents, per pound, atJ MRS. ELLIS'Cash-and-Carry Grocery, the RedFront Store, opposite Court House."We began advancing at three inthe morning of the seventh, while itwas still dark. Instead of a skirmishline we crept up the road in columnand our company was the only one toget through. But, alas, we were ina trap surrounded on all sides by anunseen ememy of unknown numbers and daylight close at hand.A steep hill formed a horseshoe inthe center of which was the villageof Chevenges, which we passedthrough. The civillians there toldus that the Boches had left the village a short t'me before."After we passed that town ourcaptain wiselyhalted us. He wasa, former State Representative fromKentucky, and by his strategy hadTed, us many times to victory wheredefeat seemed certain. All of theboys loved him. He was calledHutch' by everyoody, as his name$FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSCLEARANCENOW GOING ON ".-.i- f-.,k' Special Prices OnSHEETSSHEETINGBLANKETSCOTTON BATTSFor ComfortsExtra Special PricesJL , SUITS - .i'iCOATS ;and DRESSESREMNANTS OF ALL KINDS:.v"rwas Hutchcraft. He sent a Union'man back to locate the rest of thebattalion in the rear. A momentlater two rifle shots and the rattleof machine guns told us that wewere trapped and the runner headed off. These shots were a warningto the other companies, who haltedand dug in. The captain told us tofind a good protection along the roadand put in close together.as sojme twohundred men can put up some scrap.He said: "Boys we are in a trap, andknow .not what is in store for us,but the daylight will tell." Hesmiled as he spoke, and we all knewand there determined to fight to theend for and with him."Daylight showed us what was instore for us, as a Boche one-pounderfired on us from a church steeple ina nearby village, and one-poundersand machine guns from the hillsfired down on us from three sides.About seven o'clock in the morningCapt Hutchcraft gave us his lastassistance. Determining to locate,an opening in the enemy's lines hecrawled out in the valley toward thetown, and was soon spotted by theenemy. His last words were:"They've got me, boys, but don'tgive up! "Six men were killed in anattempt to reach him, and when theseventh man finally reached him,Jt was too late, death had claimedthis brave and benovelent youngofficer."When the worst was -learned Ifelt as if I were too weak to moveand my blod seemed to boil in myveins and this was the case withevery man in the company. We hadtwo lieutenants left out of five, andone oft hese was wounded, and thencame our rush for freedom, for whenthey fired on our leader the enemygave their location .away and showedus a way out. We scion cut ihemdown, and none were spared. Afterthat everybody forgot everythingexcept revenge xfor the life of ourfriend and leader. The next day wetook Prenois and the suburbs of Sedan. We were relieved on the ninth.vjust two days before the armisticewas signed. - j"The morning of the ninth we attended-the funeral and burial ofCapt. Hutchcraft. He was buriedin the church yard at La Neuville,and as aps" was blown over nisresting place, those hardened veteranr to whom death was a commonsight cried like children. Then only did I realize how much CaptainHutchcraft had been to our lives,coming to us last winter when ourhardships were at the worst, alwayshelping whenever he could, andafter our drive at Chauteau-Thierrywhen he was promoted to the rankof Captain, he ruled us with a kindhand and' a -word against him meanta fight. We were performing pur lastaid to him and my whole body trembled when we came to our lasts salute to our hero. I almost rorgotCorp. Jacob Weaver, a Mercer countyboy, was one of the six men whogave up their lives 'in an attemptto help Capt. Hutchcraft.i . "Your brother,"A. GERLER."Mr. Hinton, whom lie knew personally long, and well, and whom he admired as a business man, as a leaderand -worker in the political field,and in the business activities of thecity, county and State:"JOHN T. HINTON."Pull of honors gained through' acareer extending beyond the allotted limit of man, John T. Hinton haspassed to his reward, and there willbe a vacancy which 'none may fill."Pew men ever occupied ' a moreprominent and more influential position in their community for so longa period as did Mr. Hinton. Throughout all the years of his activity, extending from before the Civil Waruntil within a few days of his death,he was among the very most potentforces in the country in which helived. His influence extended far beyond the lines of that county, and hemade that influence felt in mattersaffecting State and National interests. But as a rule his interest inTRIBUTES TO THE MEMOHY OP. TWO SUE FOR DIVORCE.JOHN T. HJNTON. fI Suit for absolute divorce fromIn the editorial column of the her husband, Charles W. Peddicord,Lexington Herald, of Saturday, Ed-Ihas been filed in the office theitor Desha Breckinridge pays the Clerfc of the Bourbon Circuit Court,following tribute to the memory of ." ffiT" SXS stutorygrounds, namely, having lived separate and apart for five years as causeof action. The plaintiff asks for thecustody of her two-children and forsuitable provision for their maintenance and support. The defendant isin the employ of the Louisville &Nashville railroad as engineer.The following item appeared inthe Court News of yesterday's Cincinnati Enquirer:"Judge Charles W. Hoffman willhear further testimony in the case jof Mrs. Nancy L. Crews, 816 Elmstreet, who seeks a divorce frqm Wm.J. Crews. Mrs. Crews -alleged herhusband "barely drew a sober breathin the' last five years.' They weremarried December 26, 1903, at. Paris,Ky., and,have five children."oCHANCE TO MAKE GOOD INVESTMENT.Anyone looking for a good investment cannot do better than to attendaffairs beyond the county was but J the public sale to be held in fronttemporary, as compared with his continuing, ever vigilant concern inevery matter affecting his own county and his own people. Loyal tofriend and conviction, he gave generously of himself and his means toof the court house door in Paris, Ky.,Saturday, Feb. 22. Dr. J. A. Gilkeywill, at that time and place, offerfor sale at public outcry two nicesmall farms,' well-located near Paris,and very desirable property. Readissue describing the property andat-tend the sale. (7-5t)i oFire, Wind and LightningInsurant.Thomas, Woodford & Bryanpromote the ambition of others, seek- j the display advertisement in thising for himself only those positionsin which he could best serve the interests of the comjmunity of whichhe formed so large a part."It was our good fortune at oneperiod to know him well, and forhim we cherished real affection, and,as all who knew him, real admiration. "He leaves behind him the Jmemoryof meny acts of kindness, of manyservices rendered to -high ando lowalike with equal generosity, of manyduties performed unostentatiouslyand with a thought solely of service,and of many contests in which hegave and received blows with thefortitude of the stalwart politicalwarrior. A Jeader in industrial,financial, civil and political movements of his community, he will belong and greatly missed. The Heraldfeels that it may properly express itsadmirationi for him and its sympathyfor those who mourn his loss, for itfeels that it has itself lost a mostvalued friend."for 30 years, a delegate to the national convintions which nominatedGrover Cleveland when he ran hislast race for President in 1892 andwhich chose Woodrow Wilson whenhe was first elected in 1912, and hadbeen honored by the people morethan any other man living in thecity or county. He was successful inbusiness, aggressive and active inpolitics, in which he was never beaten in any race, and charitable tothose in need. Peace to his ashes isthe wish of the writer, who knewhijm well and regarded rhhn as anable man."-IN THE SERVICE OP THEIRCOUNTRY. "vLieut. Catesby Spears has returned to America from overseas, wherehe was on duty with the American;Expeditionary Forces. Lieut. Spershas received an honorable dischargefrom the service and returned 'to.rans 10 resume nis busmei coa.nections. 7'Elmer Craven has received hisrfinal discharge from the army .service at Camp Meade, Md. ,and htreturned to his home at Little Rock,to engage in farming. Sergt. FnwkThompson, who is stationed at CampMcClelland, in Alabama, is at homenear Little Rock, on a visit to hissister, Mrs. Luther Brierley.Harold Shropshire, a Bourbon,county soldier, telegraphed hl7frents, Mr. and Mrs. R. L. Shropshire,of near .Paris, announcing his safe'arrival at Newport News, Va.,from overseas. He will remain inport a short time, and will return, toParis after receiving nis discnargefrdm the service.William E Mitchell, who went tothe Vancouver Barrack, at "Vancouver, Washington, with the "BourbonMisfits," returned Friday, havingcome to Cajmp Zachary Taylor, wherehe was mustered out. This leavesonly one of the bunch now awayfrom home, Mr. Fred Miller, who isat Camp Taylor, awaiting his finaldischarge papers.Sergt. Robt. Link, Jr., -who hasbeen in overseas service in France,with the American ExpeditionaryForces, is probably en route toAmerica on the return journey.Sergt. Link recently cabled his parents, Mr. and Mrs. Robt. Link, Sr.,of Paris, that he was awaiting thetransport and would soon be on hisway back to the "old home town.'Sergt. Herman Barlow, of Paris,writes to relatives here stating thathe is now engaged in. doing policeduty with the Army of Occupationlocated near Coblenz, Germany. Hesaid he hoped to get a chance to return to America soon, but it wouldbe hard to say just when that chancewould be afforded. He said the- favorite song of the American soldiersin Germany is, "We're ThrougnHere, Now When Do We Get BackThe following letter was' writtento Mr. ,and Mrs. Hutchcraft by J. J.Haliiday, Chaplain of the 166thRegiment, of which Capt. Hutchcraft's company was a part, andforms a beautiful tribute to thetaemory of their son. The letter whichwas written in France bears the dateof November 27:FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERS"Dear Mrs. Hutchcraft: "My regiment, of which your son was a member, having a respite for a few dayson its journey into the territory tobe occupied by the Americans in Germany, I take this opportunity to express to you and your family toy sincere syjmpathy in your great loss inthe death of your splendid son, Capt.R. B. Hutchcraft, Jr., who was killed at the forefront of our activity,fighting valiantly.; "Capt. Hutchcraft was my personal friend,' -and along with the menof the regiment, both officers4 andmen, especially the men of his owncompany, Company K., I admired hismany fine Qualities and his splendidleadership. He was fairly worshipedby the -men of his company, and thiswas particularly true of his old platoon,, which was composed of "men ofshort stature, and affectlonatly called by "him, his Boy Scouts.'"Struck-by a (machine gun bullet,he lived long enough to gasp, 'Theyhave got me boys, but don't give up,''and passed into the realm of theLUnirlt. We brOUgllt niS-DOay uaua.fAw miles to a little village, uuwfar from Sedan, called La Neuviilejwhere 4n a coffin probably made bythe Germans,., we laid his body to' (Continued' on Page 2.)John T. Hinton passed away at hisresidence in this city. Thursday morning at half past three o'clock, andwith his going the County and Statehave lost one of the ereat charactersupon whose industry arid ""Jadgment-rest business ana social institutions.Every community1 ho doubt poscessome individual citizen withoutwhom most ihen argue it would be?ifficule to conduct community affair.This measurement of public esteemwould certainly be accorded to thememory of John T. Hinton.He was eichty two years of age onWednesday last, and all of that longand busy and useful life was passedwithin a stones throw of the residencein which he was born. He was anapprenticed cabinet maker when ahoy, without means excepting thesound body and great natural windwhich came to him as inheritancefrom his Scotch Irish Ancestry.When John T. Hinton attained manhood he had saved from the industry of his boyhood the sum of twothousand dollars, and with that as hiscapital he opened a business house onMain Street, and in that husinesshe continued until his death. The twothousand dollars has grown to one ofthe -largest fortunes ever known inBourbon County, and the man whoaccumulated it never made an overcheck in bank, and never executeda note for borrowed money. A wonderful business record indeed, and onelikely without parallel m the historyof Kentucky. .Politics was 4iis diversion, othermen of wealth liked the seashore ormountains for recreation or pleasure, but Mr. Hinton if he had anypare time, found his pleasure in anypolitical race that was .close at hand,and it mattered not whether his ownfortunes, or those of a friendwere involved, his interest, andenergy were enlisted withoutlimit.s Whenever he gave his friendship it was unto the end. No mancan fairly say John T. Hinton, failedin his long life to meet every demandand obligation of faithful friendship.Had he given his entire time tooursuit of nolitics no office was beyond his reach. Fortunately for the)business welfare of our state, greatcharacters, like Mr. "Hinton now andthen give the larger share of theirenergy to business institutions ndto the upbuilding of communities.5 iHe filled many offices of publictrust in the government of the Stateand in the management of this city,and in all he was painstaking, honTorable and splendidly efficient; just asin the conduct of his private affairs.He was a geat man in any Society, or in any time. In his -deathParis may truly be said to have losther foremost citizen. ' iC. H. T.The Cynthiana Democrat - says:"When John T. Hinton died Paris Home?"lost its 'First Citizen.' No other r oman has ever done so much for the I ..,. .-, atwuii huthAnd VAt HkP all nthftr nro- UVU I VU W1I,imn unilli'- r -"! - w -- - - -Sk3tnwnerressive and aggressive men. he had YOU SEE USto suffer the slings t andarrowsof p pg jy y anythingunappreciative people iat . umesr ciftthYn Hn until voutrtthmiirh m n. whole, we believed WOinin lint UnXII you XParis esteemed him at his true priCf fworth. It requires ' generations to L WOLLSTEIN,produce such a man." tf Clothing Department.ft" The following tribute is from thepen of Mr. J.' W. Porter, Frankfortcorrespondent -of The Leader, whoknew Mr. Hinton in business and political life, and admired him for hisforce of character and businessacumen:"The passing of John T. Hintonthe past week robbed the Democratsof Bourbon, of one of their stalwartfigures, physically and mentally. Hehad been a representative of Bourboncouiiy in the legislature, and hadbeen Mayor of Paris or councilmanSWE KNOW HOWWINTERMAS JUST BEGUNAnd to be comfortable and warm you mutt" rite riffht Innd or rlnthM. I lur iiit inri I lvrrrutr jl.... :ii r: i . i n . i t .yuu win una iu do excellent vriuci xorV$30.00$35.00$40.00All wool garments that will stand the wear and tearthat winter time weateer brings on clothing wornoutdoors.vProtect Your FeetFrom Ice and SnowBy wearing Dr. Reed's Cushion Sole Shoes, madewith an invisible cork sole that not only makesyour feet feel comfortable) but keeps the dampnessout and protects them from the cold.$9.00 PER PAIRNettleton Fine Shoes in winter weights, calfskins and kids, $12:Q0 per pair.MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE: " iA.ua.'X-i2Krg -ax $:&'.v.4...r2&1,V- --,yWtAGE TWO'l-T-i-T. TSwEKE BOURBON NEWSttaWished 188137 Years of Continuous PublicationSPiblished Every Tuesday and Friday,tkt iew...uu e Montns..$l.00, Payable in Adavance.THE BOTOBON HEWS, PABIS, KEMOTCgrFHIDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 11 1:Tributes to CaptainReuben Hutchcraft(Continued from Page 1)WXPT G&AMP, Editor and Owner.gffctored at the Paris, Kentucky,PcMtoffice as Mall Matter of theSecond Claw.)Any, erroneous reflection upon thearacterf standing or reputation ofayjprqn, firm or corporation whichMty appear in the columns of THEBQURBON NEWS will be gladly cor-ir brought to attention of theADVERTISING RATESdid not know what kind of a soldierhe was, and by association and service with him we all soon discovered that."He was a soldier unsurpassed byany in courage, bravery, and an un-colfich 1TH 1 in Tiro Trotyl T of triTk nfi fUnltXL W and. it has teen. - .,.vu vviuucx auugu aim -mv fortune rt hnvohis battalion in attendance.manv SDlendidJLUime 'mfln ot1 -flRo.o nnilnii wtvr n-vm- n . .3fh lTJd e r .""i1 f but o them all there was none more,t ?f, onef.the nhabl- thoroughly respected or more popu-th 'th? S "P T"tSe' t0ld me i'ar tht your son. Junst yhy suchthat the women and children of the 'me- ahonld be taken awav ' , 1nfll4 lready -de? Ws ISS is pretty ha?d to undersSndfc,a.c mu me uruas at us neaa wiinflowers. You willfind"It is mv desire that von knnwcomfort. I'eon,r . t ;i ., t,-thfl'and ttat,1" r-i " ad " "-Jm flowers and with the your loss is our j aad thatSt tJT'T tte dea,d son's conduct in aciion -has been'wni hfv t k 0l?'f 7T T such I6 lastl"S impressionEEJS lePHeaU"U .ST. ? l"Po e Memories o the individuals"' w "lc" "c" ww- making up this commandblUi IPROMINENT MAYSVULE MERCHANT ANSWERS ECNALSUMMONS.I beg toJDbolay Advertisements, fl.00 perfcich for first time; 50 cents per inchaaoti subsequent insertion.J&eading Notices, 10 cents per lineitck J&sue; reading notices in blackpSVcents per line, each issue,CMT or thanks, calls' on candiiate7bituarles and resolutions, andtmttir matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertiseMeatand jearly contracts.The right of publisher is reseivedto decline any advertisement or othersaAtter for publication.Announcements for political officesasust invariably be accompanied byxae caan."Extending ao you not only mypersonal sympathy, but that of theentire regiment, I am,"Very Truly Yours,"J. J. HALLIDAY,"Chaplain 166th Regiment Infantry."be,"Very Sincerely Yours,"BENSON W. HOUGH,"Colonel, 166th Infantry, U. S. A."Among the most highly-prized letters received by Mr. and Mrs. Hutchcraft is the following from Col. Ben-ROT! TXT TTrunrTi In nvmTioT1 rf tTiniGRt-h Tr,FoL,' s, 4. n -u iCapt. Hutchcraft, summed up as fol166th Infantry regiment, in which , . ' fearlessneSS rerCapt. Hutchcraffs company was,10WS; , Hlf . Utt?r JT88 I ' ?.ernin ni TTi, T .sonal devotion to his men, devotionr.iuvu. vui. aiuuu o uuuiuiuuiuauuuThe letter referred to above givessubstantially the same details ofCapt. Hutchcraffs death as thosealready known, and closes with thefollowing paragraph: '"The Regimental Commander, ina recent communication concerningt Queer Epitaphs.Queer .epitaphs are frequently fakes;iut the following really appears in aSalop churchyard: "Elizabeth, the.wife of Richard Barklimb, passed tosfceroity on Saturday, fclst of May,IT97, In theseventy-firs year of herage. Kichard Barklarab, the Antepouse Uroriods, was Interred here,26th' Jan., 1806, in his eighty-fourthyear' What an antespouse uxoriousaay be is not explained. Cardiff.Western-Mau.rr-- 4 -s. nti f r iiwf4 ri .,is also a manly tribute to the memory of Capt. Hutchcraft. The letterfollows:"Headquarters 166th 'Infantry,"American Expeditionary Forces,"Roslandseck, Germany, Jan. 11, '19."Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft, Sr."Paris, Ky."My Dear Mrs. Hutchcraft:"By my direction the Adjutant'has prepared a letter concerning theinformation requested by cablegram.It is rather a full report and thoroughly approved by me. Yet I cannot resist sending you a personalword alang with it. Everythingthat appears in the document is absolutely true. You knew what kindof boy Capt. Hutchcraft was, we'didn't. You knew what kind of aman he was, and so did we, but youto duty and country, and the inspiration given to his subordinates byjhis personal bravery, as well as thejmaximum sacrifice which he hadmade for his country, warrant theawarding of a posthumous decoration for this gallant officer."Mr. Omar Dodson, Mason County'swealthiest citizen, philanthropist andbrother of Mrs. Belle Adair, of nearParis, died at Maysville Monday, agedseventy-eight years. Besides his siser, Mr, Dodson is survived by a brother, Mr. Almar Dodson, of Maysville.Mr. Omar Dodson's wife died several years ago.He was engaged in the wholesalegrocery business with his father, thelate George Dodson, for many yearsbefore his father's death and underhis skillful management since, thebusiness grew until it extendedthroughout Northeastern Kentuckyand Southern Ohio.Mr. Dodson not only managed successfully his extensive grocery business but his large real estate holdings were under his personal supervision. He was at the time of hisdeath the owner of more real estatethan any other person in MasonCounty.Mr. Dodson was a director in theBank of Maysville; he also was a director in the Union Trust Comnanvand other financial institutions in thatcity.His benefactions were many, butwere always carried out in an unostentatious manner and none but therecipients of his bounty will everknow to what extent they reached.The death of Mr. Omar Dodson isa severe blow to the business interests of Maysville and his demise willbring sorrow to the heart of manv atrue friend who found him alwaysveady to lend a helping hand.oThe Joy Recipe fTake CascaretsRegulate liver and bowels,and sweeten the stomachspend 10 cents and seeFor SaleEnjoy life! Straighten up. Yoursystem is filled with, an accumulation of bile and bowel poison whichkeeps you bilious, headachy, dizzy,to-ngue coated, breath bad and stomach sour. Why don't you get a 10cent box of Cascarets at the drugstore and feel fine. Take Cascaretsto-night and. enjoy the nicest,gentlest liver and- bowel cleansingyou ever experienced. Give Cascarets to children also, they taste likecandy. Never gripe but never fail.Sick, bilious children love to takethis laxative.(adv)HELP THE KIDNEYSParisReaders Are LearningWay.Thehr fPMi13 Dollars -13CentsWhen Swift & Companypaid, say, 13 dollars per hundredweight for live beef cattlelast year, the' profit was only13 cents! In other words, if wehad paid $13.13, we would havemade no profit.Or, if we had received aquarter of a cent per pound lessfor dressed beef we would havemade no profitIt is doubtful whether anyother business is run on so closemi margin of profitThis is bringing the producerand the consumer pretty closetcif ether which should be theobject of any industry turningraw material into a useful form.This remarkable showing is due toenormous volume, perfected facilities(packing plants strategically located,branch houses, refrigerator cars, etd),and an army of men and womenchosen and trained to do their specialwork.This, and many other points ofinterest; are found in the Swift &Company Year Book for 1919, justpublished' which is brought out for thepublic as welL as for the 25,000 Swift9l Company shareholders.The Year Book also represents thepacker's side of the Federal TradeCommission investigation, upon whichCongress is asked to base actionagainst the industry.Many who have never heard thepacker's side are sending for the Year.Book.Wouid you like one ? Merely mailyour name and address to the Chicagooffice and the book will come to you.AddressSwift & CompanyUnion Stock Yards, ChfcagaAmong the more recent accounts ofcorrespondents, depicting the closingscenes of the great war, not one, inmy judgment, conveys to the readera more touching, sympathetic andaccurate statement of the tragicscene, than the one from Treves, describing the lofty heroism of CaptainReuben B. Hutchcraft, as he led hismen fearlessly in front of the mainbody -of the Ra$jibow Division atChemery, in order to wipe out a machine gun nest that was trying toblock the onward victorious marchtowards Sedan and the Meuse.Captain Hutchcraffs decision tolead the men in person, when he couldhave honorably delegated this perilousduty to a subordinate, marked him asa young man of truly heroic mold.The papers have already given details of his services and accomplishments in public life.We would merely ask your indulgence for a few words to commemorate his noble death. His was indeeda life of rare success as a civilian, alife richer still in promise for the future, had he been spared. Yet, in hisbrief and brilliant career, it seems tome thaat he has left a legacy of dutydone that will in the years to comefire "modest worth to noble ends." v, To his bereft family, he has bequeathed a heritage of real heroismthat shall be to them a spotlessescutcheon of honorable distinction tothe name he bore, the contemplationof which may, in no small measure,assuage betimes, their unspeakableisorrow, and in some way, beguile themfrom the shadow of the encirclinggloom, that, no doubt, must ever andnon, be theirs'. (The manner of his death and hisdeep sense of duty, reminded thewriter of another gallant Captain,well known to the Confederacy; ofJohn Pelham, who fell at Kelley'sFord in 1863, while a youth, and ofwhom the noble Lee exclaimed: "Howglorious it is to see such conduct andcourage m one so young."James R. Randall, the author of"Maryland, My Maryland," has written some splendid lines in memory ofthe youthful Pelham, which in beautyand sentiment, are, we think, with fewchanges and slight paraphrasing,equally appropriate and applicable tothe death and character of CaptainHutchcraft. Both were young men,devoted to their soldiers, and in turntloved by them.' Both volunteered tolead men into most critical and tryingdangers. Pelham, a captain of artillery, gallantly drove his guns, wherethe Federals were filling the very airwith death, and fell in the forefront,near tne James.Hutchcraft" led his boys, where theGerman bullets flew thickest, and laiddown his young life as a sacrifice tocountry, on the road to Sedan andvictory, hardly by the Meuse. Happyindeed is the State of Alabama tohave nurtured a youth like Pelham!Happy, too, is Kentucky and BourbonCounty to have the lofty and heroiclife of Captain Hutchcraft to adorntheir annals; also proud the county,will be to throw upon his tomb the"immortelles of honor," as she embalms in her local history, with tendergrace, the memory of him, who gaveto his country "the last full measureof his devotion."Just as Peace came smiling throughthe strife,With all its welcome cheer,In the bright mom of an historic lifeJbell a noble volunteer.Brightest afid bravest in the battlebruntA champion of the TruthHe bore his banner to the very frontOf our immortal Youth.A flash of guns near where the Meusedoth flow. .The fiery pang of shellsVnd there is a wall of immemorial woeIn his" beloved Bourbon dells.The voice is stilled that led the gallantDanaAlong the crimson fieldThe bright blade drops from thenerveless handOver his spotless shield.O, Family, of a blessed soul on high,Among the Allied Dead !Your tears may soon be shed!Think of your boy with princes of thesky,How must he smile on this dull worldbeneath,Fevered with swift renown,He, with the hero's amaranthinewreath,Twining the victor's crown ! -vE.'M. C.Paris, Ky., January 30. "..'"It's the little kidney illsThe lame, weak or aching backThe unoticed urinary disordersThat may lead to dropsy andBright' s disease.When the kidneys are weakHelp them with Doan's KidneyPillsA remedy especially for weak kidneys. Doan's have been used ia kidneytroubles for 50 years.Endorsed by 50,000 people endorsed at ho'me.Proof in a Paris citizen's statement.Mrs. Chas. McCord, S. PleasantStreet, says: "I have used Doan'sKidney Pills at different times, getting them from Oberdorfer's DrugStore and I have found them a splendid meulcme. Whenever my kidneyshave acted irregularly or my backhas been weak and lame, I havefound a box or so of Doan's KidneyPills sufficient to cure me of the attck." Price- 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. McCord had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)oWhat Canals May Accomplish.It is possible that by the construcMon of canals we may yet see the dayvhen there will be great fleets awayup In the country where once upon atime the highland clans held sway,whore Rob Roy Macgregor raided forcattle and fought with the Clan Macfarlnne, and where there is still theglnmor that was thrown over it by thegenius of Sir Walter Scott. If so, Itwill be one of the most remarkabletransformations in the history of anycountry.Of course gambling is a sin, but atthe same time you can shut many afellow up by offering to bet him adollar.Five Gas Stoves and one Gas RangeJ. J. RICE 121 Duncan Avenue.(3-2t)Taken Up As StrayPony came to my place Tuesday;sorrel; about 12 hands high; whitspot in forehead. Owner can recoversame by proving property and payiagfor keep and advertising.MISS IDA ARKLE,(31-3t Route 8, Paris, Ky.FOR SALEyearsyearsTwenty farm mares, 4 to 6old, fresh from the country.Thirty good pnules, 4 to 6old.For sale privately at our barns atthe stock yards.CAYWOOD & McCLINTOCK.(31jan-3wk)WANTEDWanted at once, a good farm hand,by the month.CHARLTON ALEXANDER.Cumberland Phone 135.Paris, Ky.(4-tf)For SaleI offer for sale privately my formerhome at 123 Fithian Avenue. Thisplace is well located and well builton concrete and stone foundation. Hasfive rooms, hall and bath all newlypapered, large attic, front and backporches, garage and other modemconveniences. Now ocupied by Mr.and Mrs. Thomas Dillon.J. J. VEATCH,Home Telephone 320.(4-4t)FOR RENT.Store room, fronting on Mainstreet in Masonic Temple.Single room, second floor, runningwater, elevator acommodations, foroffice use or living apartment.0. T. BUTTON,A'gt., Masonic Temple.Furs and HidesWe pay highest prices for iron,hides, junk and wool.MUNICH & WTDES & CO.,Eighth St., Paris, Ky.,Cumb. Phone 374.(23-tf)WANTEDTwo men wanted under 25 yearsof age, high school education preferred, good appearance, must be able togive refferences. To travel with salesmanager in state of Kentucky. Salaryor commission. Apply at Y. M. C. A.after 7 p. m. ask for Mr. Wilson.4-2t)Girls Wanted.50 white girls and women to selectturkey feathers. All year work. Verydesirable environment. Opportunityto make splendid wages.Apply Dow Building, 201 MainSt.(4-2t) FEATHER PRODUCTS CO.Dissolution Notice.Thefirm of Stone & Tarr has beenmutually dissolved, as of January 1,1919, Mr. Stone retiring and Mr,Tarr taking charge of the business.All parties owing firm are requestedto call' and settle.(24-3t-F) STONE & TARR.CATARJRH CANNOT BE CURED.with LOCAL APPLICATIONS, as theycannot reach the seat or the disease.Catarrh is a local disease, greatly influenced by constitutional conditions,and in order to cure it you must takean internal remedy. Hall's CatarrhMedicine is taken internally and actsthrough the blood on the mucous surfaces of the system. Hall's CatarrhMedicine was prescribed by one of thebest physicians in this country foryears. It is composed of some ofthe best tonics known,combined withsome of the best blood purifiers. Theperfect combination of the ingredients in Hall's Catarrh Medicineis what produces such wonderful results in catarrhal conditions. Sendfor testimonials free.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio. .Sold by druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (Adv. Feb)oEven when a man brings it on himself he complains that it's the unexpected that happens.oPerhaps no man is a hero to hisvalet because no man is a valet to hishero.MONEY-SAVERS FOR ALIFor Rent.Nicely furnished flat room, steamheat; bath; business man preferred.MRS. J. T. CLARK.Apartjment 1, third floor ofRobneel Building.(4-tf)Make Your Milk DeliveriesBY TRACTIONKy. Traction & Terminal Co.Attention, Farmers!If you need anything in the wayof Saddles, Collars, Bridles, Etc., Ihave the best money can "Buy andmake, at reasonable prices.If yon want a watch, don't go to ablacksmith shop to buy it, and don'ttake yonr Horse to a jeweler to gethim shod; always go to a mechanicand you will get the best goods andit won't cost any more than cheapgoods.(28-lmo ff. KEIENER.Public SaleOFStock, Farming Implements, Etc.ITRYPTOlfXV. GLASSES XVGLASSESTHE INVISIBLE BIFOCALSJ?3llfclHfeThese Durable Soles CutShoe Bills Down"For use around cement plants andsimilar places where rough materials,grind down soles quickly, I recommendNeolin Soles. They resist wear surprisingly. After working around theclinker department long enough towear out two pairs of ordinary soles,my Neolin Soles are still as good asnew," writes A. F. Miller, superintendent of The Peninsular Portland CementCompany plant in Jackson, Michigan.It is remarkable how tough and durable Neolin Soles are. They arc madeso by'Science comfortable and waterproof, too. They come on new shoesin many -styles for men, women, andchildren, and are available everywherefor re-soling. Wear them, and cutyour shoe bills down.Neolin Soles are made by The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co., Akron, Ohio,who also make Wingfoot Heels, guaranteed to outwear all other heels.neolin Solest4 Mark Re?. U.S.rati-OSLet us examine your eyes. Naguess work we know now.Fitted byDr. Wm. Riley FranklinSuite 205-6 First National Bank,Both Phones. Paris. Ky.Having sold my farm, r will offerat public sale o-n the premises, oneand one-half ;miles from Mrnersburg-,on the Blacks' Cross Roads pike, onFriday, February 14, 1919,v AT 10 O'CLOCK A- 31.,the following described property:One 4-year-old bay "work: horse;One 4-year-old gray work horse;One 9-year-old bay work mare;One thoroughbred bay yearling filly, dam by King Royal, sire Charming King by Bourbon King;One half-Percheron colt;Two No. 1 milch cows;One fine yearling red brllrOne nice red yearling heifer;One steer calf;CDne heifer calf;Three shoats, weight 125 pounds;One brake cart, good as- new; :ne set harness;One farm wagon; 1 hay frame;Two wagon beds;One good mowing machine;One sled; 1 harrow;One breaking plow;One double-shovel plow;Lot of extra srood corn: lot of fod-ldr;Double trees and single trees;Drags; hoes, and several othert things too numerous to mention.Nice lot of chickensTERMS Made known on day ofsale.CHAS. H. JONES,Route No. 5, Paris, Ky.George D. Speakes,. Auctioneer.(Jan31-4t)PUBLIC SALEUOFPleasant Street ResidencemmmmtIn order to settle an estate Mrs. C. D. Webb has placed in ourhands to sell at public auction, on the premises, onTuesday, February 11, 1919at 2 p. m.f her two-story brick residence on Pleasant Street, neav.Fourth'treet. It has eight rooms, large porch,' hall, bath com-.piexe, gaa ana good dry cellar. .This property is very desirable, being in a good neighborhood and a short distance from the business district. VSale positive. 4 J aTERMS Easy arid made known day of sale. ' 'i7. HARRIS & SPEAKESY ,- ''M.vv"Is ''?' 'm,.,-- Vf "? .r FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1919. 'iTME BOVIBOX SEWS, PAJU1, UJTUUJH!!.FOOTBALL IS ANCIENT SPORTV?agx imamXVJ LETTERS FROM BOURBON COUNTYSOLDIERS AND SAILORSiiFor the first time in a long whileTHE NEWS has received a communication from genial Andrew JacksonTurney, formerly of Paris, who isstill in France as a member of theAmerican Expeditionary Forces.Jack indites an interesting epistleas follows in his usual bree2y way:"Labienville, France, Jan. 14."Dear NEWS: "As blue Mondayhas passed and the doctor has marked me 'quarters for the day, I wantto try to find out how these days ofpeace agree with you. The name ofthe German barracks we now occupyis 'The Bucket of Blood," so calledbecause Kentucky boys are the soleoccupants. .. .We have learned onething, and that is, dynapiite capsthrown in a hot stove will causesome explosion, the result of which isthat awo of our boys are in the hospital, (Louisville boys, by the way.)A part of the stove, judging fromthe direction it took when it lefthere, ought by this time to be nearing the junk yards of Munich &Wides. (See, this shows I read THEBOURBON NEWS) We have alsofound out that a cross-cut saw wasmade to saw wood with, and that incase of cold weather you had bettergrab hold of one end if you want afire (-no Henry Cavanaugh to makethat fire and say, 'Man, are you going to get up?)"Rainy weather greets us daily, sothe sunshine you have in Kentuckywould look good to me, as theFrench girls and the champagne wehave here would look to the beachelora in your office. Never thought Iwould get tired of either, but guessthe damp weather has changed me.White mule a-nd cognac arefound in some of the towns, and, asboys will be boys, I nerved myself upto try it the other night. Instead ofgetting up for breakfast formation, Ifound myself absent frcfm all formations. I know so little to have allthe opportunities I have had, and amanxious to see if it will have thesame effect the second time."Have had great luck in receivingmy mail, and among the choicestparcels I find the BOURBON NEWS,which I have read from 'kiver tokiver' and never missed a line. . . .The last main topic I will mention isour departure. From all indicationswe will ride the water about the lastof February. But we hear so manydifferent stories, and the exact dateof our leaving here would be veryhard to state .... Hope this will findall the good people of old Bourboncounty well. She has certainly givenher best to the boys over here."Looking forward joyfully to thetime when we can all be togetherand join in a free-for-all conversation, and in which I will be able totell you of some of the wonderful andexciting (?) experiences I have hadover here, I hope to remain, with mybest wishes,"Yours, as of old,"ANDREW JACKSON TURNEY."HEAD AND NOSTBUSSTUFFED FROM COLDSIQMAEHUPSET?Get at the Real Cause Take Dr.Edwards' Olive TabletsThat's what thousands of stomachsufferers are doing now. Instead oftaking tonics, or trying to patch up apoor digestion, they are attacking thereal cause of the ailment clogged liverand disordered bowels.Dr. Edwards' Olive .Tablets arouse theliver in a soothing, healing way. Whenthe liver and bowels are performing theirnatural functions, away goes indigestionand stomach troubles.If you have a bad taste in yourmouth, tongue coated, appetite poor,lazy, don't-care teeimg, no juudiuuh uienergy, troubled with undigested foods,you should take Olive Tablets, the substitute for calomel. , , .Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets are acurely vegetable compound mixed witholive oiL You will know them by theirolive color. They do the work withoutcmpmg, cramps or pain.Tate one or two at beatune for quickrelief, so you can eat what you like.At 10c and 25c per box. All druggists.'Tape's Cold Compound" EndsCold or Grippe in aFew HoursaWat Popular Among the Old Romansand Also Found Somt FavorWith the Florentines.Can you Imagine Julius Caesar playing quarterback on the Rome university eleven, or Brutus skirting the endsin those days when the forum was asbusy as a three-ring circus? No? Nevertheless It was a probability, for itappears now that football originatedwith the RomnnB.A few uneducated persons used tothink that football was of Greek invention; but Trench and Campustrained news hounds, aided by Italianpropagandists, have fastened It onRome. The Romans, not really knowing that It was football, called it "calcium." It appears to have been agoodly, rough-going game, full ofspirit, feet and broken elbows, playedmore on the soccer order than theRugby style in common favor.With the fall of the Roman empire"calcium" also fell out of the spotlight, not to appear In favor until thetime of the Florentines and their.Medlcis. There Is no record of Machiavelli having participated in thegames, but we imagine that if he didhe played a foxy, clever game. Giovanni de Bardi, a well-known Florentine newspaper man, wrote as followsin 1580:"The calcio (later name) is a publicgame played between two 'groups ofyoung men on foot, not armed, whoplayfully compete In making a ball, bymeans of their feet, pass outside of acertain line back of the oppositegroup. The ball is-medlocre in size,filled with wind, and the game isplayed purely for the honor of winning.'CATALONIA GREAT SEA POWERYour cold will break and all grippemisery end after taking a dose of'Tape's Cold Compound" every twohours until three doses are taken.It promptly opens clogged-up nostrils and air passages in the head,stops nasty discharge or nose running, relieves sick headache, dullness, feverishness, sore throat, sneezing, soreness and stiffness.Don't stay stuffed up! Quit blowing and snuffling! Ease your throbbing head nothing elBe in theworld gives such prompt relief as"Pape's Cold Compound," whichcosts only a few cents at any drugstore. It acts without assistance,tastes nice, and causes no inconvenince. Accept no substitute.(adv)oThe girl of the period may give ajoyful exclamatin when n eligibleyoung jnan reaches the questiont mark.THAT TEBBIBLE HEADACHE.Do you have periodic attacks ofheadache accompanied by sickness ofthe stomach or vomiting, a sallowskin and dull eyes? If so, you canget quick relief by taking Chamberlain's Tablets as directed for biliousness, and you may be able toavoid these attacks if you observethe directions with each package.Spanish Province Centuries Ago HeldUndisputed Naval Sway PeopleStill Proud of Achievements.The Moors were expelled from Barcelona in the ninth century. Cataloniahad more than four centuries' startover Seville and six over Malaga. Itis little wonder, therefore, that Spanish enterprise, if such a term is applicable, is seen at its best In Catalonia, because It has had a real opportunity to express Itself. Catalonia hasalways looked beyond Its geographicallimits. It has, in fact, looked seaward. It was on the waves that themen of Barcelona found riches andglory. They were he rivals of thePlsans. Genoese and Venetians, andBarcelona can boast of a naval history as great perhaps as theirs. Catalonia for a time held sway of the sea,and it was only upon the consolidationof Spain at the beginning of the sixteenth century and the rise of thegreat modern states that the city waseclipsed as a sea power. The Catalonians, proud olf their achievements,looked with little favor upon Colum-bus' discovery of America, an enterprise,, which had been promoted byneighboring Castile. "r allIII ' flrIII " HJXHE-UNJVERSALCAR . HIII IILET THE II"PORDSON" IDO YOUR WORK IWhy not increase the efficiency - 1on your farm with a Eordson n: Tractor? jHI Let our regular Tractor man BHI demonstrate the Eordson to you.' '7 ' nRuggles Motor Co. ;Bank Row, Paris, Ky. DIII IHIII i -c&&. fcv BIII mJWBl aaMMaJFE feis. x T ' H111 rtt---:--:' x W&im&& & i J MIII Off JBmnBKffffHHfiTf'i'iM'Xi t W B9 IGETTING BID OP COLDS.The easiest way to get rid of acold is to take Chemberlain's CoughRemedy. This preparation has beenin use for many years and its valuefully proven. No matter what remedy you use, however, care must betaken not to contract another soldbefore you have recovered from thefirst one, and there is serious dangerin this. A man of middle age or older should go to bed until fully recovered. It is better to stay in bedthree days at the start than threeweeks later on.(adv-Peb.)Daily Deliveries Are MadeByTRACTION EXPRESSKy. Traction & Terminal Co.Few women take a man seriouslyThe case with which he is disposedof in the Divorce Courts proves it.CAHAL BROS.SARBEB SHOPPrompt and Courteous Attention toPatrons.HOT AND COLD BATHSProfessional Cards.WM GRANNANAttorney-at-LawBOOKS 401-402ITRST XATL BANK BTJILDUG-DR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Noe and ThroatBOOMS 403-404PIBST HATL BA3TK BTJTLDDKPHOUE 136The court jester is obsolete, butthere was a time when Kings alwayskept their wits about them.L. and N. Time-Table.(Effective January 15, 1919, at 12:01 a. m.)Trains ArriveFor Influenza!EDW. BUBKE, President,H. S. CAYW00D, Vice-President. JOHN T. COLLETS; X&iazt r.Edw. BurkeSam ClayJas. M. CaldwellBobt. E. BeattyLuther StiversC. D. WilsonDIRECTORSJ. L. BentonW. M. Bodeers' A. B. HancockJno. T. CollinsS. B. BurrisA. L. StevhemstnH. S. CaywooiLNo.341151174037123391383839161563213031210209No?3415140171037133312938399163213131210269156FromAtlanta, Ga., Daily 6:Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ,. ..: . . 7:Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday -. . . . 6:Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday v 7:Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:Lexington, Ky., Daily .- 10Chicago, I1L, Daily .. . 11Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday , 5Lexington, Ky., Daily .-- 3Knoxville. Tenn., Daily -. 3Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday . . .- 5iLexington. Ky., Daily Except SundayM&loney. Ky.. Daily Except Sunday 7Jacksonville, Fla,, Daily 6Lpjrinirton. Ky.. Daily 10Cincinnati, O., Daily 11Lexineton. Ky.. Sunday only .- 12Maysville, Ky., Sunday only . 6Arrive19 am30 am50 am35 am40 am05 am50 am:02 am.40 pm10 pm15' Din:50 pm:41 nm:39 pm'A0 pm:50 pm:02 nm-50 pm:10 pmFor influenza and after effects,use K. U. Tablets. They build upvour nerves and stomach: rid thesystem of all aches, pains ana tiredfeelings. They restore vigor anavim. They are fine for headacheand rheumatism. The contents of K.U. Tabletsare used by all of the bestphysicians of the country.Don't be without them in yourhome. Once tried they are alwaysused. They are put up in 10c and25c boxes and are for sale by alldruggists and groceries.Distributed by theK. U. CHEMICAL CO.. ,568 McClelland Building, .j7feb-3mos). - Lexington, Ky.THE BOURBONTobacco Warehouse Co.(Incorporated)Trains DepartForCincinnati, O., Daily fMalnnev. Kv.. Daily Except Sunday , . . . 6:Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday .. .. 7:Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:Maysville, Ky., Daily Except sunaayTTnnwniA. Tenn.. Daily - 10:Lexington, Ky., Daily JJ-Jacksonville, Fla., Daily L:Lexiagtdn, -Ky., Daily 3:Cincinnati, O., Daily :-rvtTKrtnn ttv . Dailv Excent Sunday &Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . . 6..Maysville Ky.. Daily Except Sunday 6.Gfoclfcnat'i, 0., andX:hicago, HI., DailyIiexlngtoriTKy., Daily . . . . "jJWotKJaiDallV IV . J-4jiaysTllW, IQr.. Sunday only . .Lexington, Ky., Sunday only ..pyntniana, Ky.. Daily Except SundayLeave27 am55 am45 am45 am45 am15 am08 am10 am25 pm25 pm57 pm00 pm50 pm48 pm0 t510 pmlUW pill?Wilmoth's12:t:4U nm7:5&.phVEl &md O. Time-TableTRAINS ARRIVEArriveFrankfort, Kys, Daily Except Sunday .. ., . . -. -y,; Llii SJFrankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ,? ?- 50 pro1KA1PO 1crAR-.. From2 'Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . .- . " sn-l T7l.of- OlITIriaV .4FrfeshHome Baked Breads,Cakes, Pies, Etc.' DailyFreshMeats;Roasts,Steaks,ChoplFancGoodfamousCoffees and TeasTotal Sales to Christmas 164,415 lbs. . Average $30.97Average week ending Jan. 18, 1,960,805 lbs. Average $41 .3.1Sales Week Ending Jan. 25, 989,960 lbs. . . Average $47.66For entireseason, 4,415,635 poundsfor $1,643,790.10Average $39.94We Lead the State!It Will Pay You to Try to Get In.i3,v. V'-& -ciftt. - " . LeaveT'Wfort, Ky., tOT EPt Sunday .. .: .. . : .. . .8:25 am3 Frmikfort; Ky., Dily Except Sunday .. . , 6.25 pmWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376NMXT SALETO DAY' - TV.. JrTi -,The Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseGo.(incrpicaiai)PARIS, KENTUCKYrv.1-rtfW-v)V '.'pAtffi rouiTEDS BOUMdK EW, 2&RIS?- ttiraftaS V (VFRIDAY, FEBRUARY, 7(X919.rAdministrator's Sale-OF-Household and Kitchen Furi niture and Other Per-onaI Property.RELIGIOUS.The undersigned administrator of-Maty Moore, deceased, will, at 2o'clock, p. m., onSaturday, Feb. 15, 1919,at the residence of May Moore, onHigh Street, Paris, Kentucky, between Sixth and Seventh Streets, expose to public sale a lot of household and kitchen furniture, including mahogany dresser, .mahoganychiffonier, mahogany sideboard, mahogany serving table, mahogany dining table, six mahogany diningroom chairs; also lot of pictures, lotof silver, such as tea pots, breadtrays, etc.j also lot of cut glass,linens and table covers; also lot ofmusical instruments includingpiano, a beautiful victrola, guitarund candolin; also stoves, rugs,mirrors, curtains, linoleums, kitchenutensils; also lot of jewelry, including two watches, rings and bracelets,-and mandolin; also stoves, rugs,needed or required in a well-kepthome.There is also included a lot of oakfurniture, brass bed and springs, etc.All of this furniture is in goodcondition.This is a splendid opportunity tothose desiring handsome furniture,linens, cut glass, silver, pictures,etc.Everything will be sold and thesale will start promptly at 2 o'clock,p. m., rain or shine.Teipns made known on day ofsale.BOURBON AGRICULTURAL BANK& TKUST CO.,Administrator of May Moore.TALBOTT & WHITLEY, Attorneys.M. F. Kenney, Auct.(7-11-14)Rev. J. J. Rice will preach atthe Presbyterian church, Sunday,morning and evening. Morning subject, "Truth Seen Too Late.' MissMary Dan Harbison will sine:. The'public is cordially invited to attend.rne Christian Endeavor Societyof the Presbyterian church willjmeet Sunday at 6:30. The topic willbe, "I Will, and What Will I?"Leader, Miss Valette McClintock.This is a consecration meeting and.also Decision Day. All are urged tobe present.i The Communion of the Lord'sSupper was 'celebrated at the Presbyterian Church last Sunday. Mr. andMrs. J. S. Wilson, Mr. and Mrs. Wm.Sauer and Mrs. Kate Reading presented children for baptism. Thefollowing young people joined thechurch: Wm. Yerkes, Albert Bratton, Wm. Lytle, Chas. Cahal, Wm.Sauer, Wilmore Lair. Mr. and Mrs.John Brennan have recently unitedwith the church also.Plans for the campaign of Kentucky Baptists to raise $1,400,000for educational purposes within thenext five years, were worked out ata meeting of the committee on education of that denomination, ofwhich Dr. J. W. Porter is chairman, held at the Henry Watterson,in Louisville, Wednesday. Dr. Porter said that preliminary planswere perfected, and that the positionof campaign manager was tenderedto a man who had not yet signifiedhis acceptance.Owing to the illness of Rev. G. R.Combs, pastor of the Paris Methodist church, his pulpit will be filledSunday morning by Prof.H. W. Battenhouse, of Kentucky Wesleyan College, at Winchester. There will beno night services. The EpworthLeague and Sunday school will holdtheir usual session.oThe court jester is obsolete, butthere was a time when Kings alwayskept their wits about them.PUBLIC SALECYPRESS STREET RESIDENCE.m&MS0 w-T-CIark has placed in our handsTUESDAY, FEB. 18, AT 2 P. M.on the premises, 1426 Cypress Street, his attractive two-storybungalow. It has six rooms front and backxporch, bath complete, electric lights, gas and splendid cellar.v Lot 50x150 feet running back to a 15-foot alley.,lhis is a complete, up-to-date home, admirably located Zandmust be seen to be appreciated.TERMS Made known on day of sale.(7-ll-14Feb)HARRIS & SPEAKES.PUBLIC SALEOFStock, Implements, &cHaving sold my farm, I will sell at public auction on the premises,known as the Wyatt farm, 1 mile from Paris, on the North Middletownpike, on,k Thursday, Feb. 20, 1919,beginning at ten o'clock, the following stock, crop, farming implements,etc: -j1 team mules, 6 and 7 years old;team mules, 8 and 9 years old;1 seven-ye&r-old horse, will workor drive anywhere;1 four-year-old gelding, well broken;1 work mare, in foal to jack;1 yearling pony,, broke for children ;6 No. 1 Jersey cows;2 Jersey heifers;1 white faced bull;5 calves;4 brood sows;37 sheep, duet lamb in March;1 young Duroc boar;45 shoats, will weigh about 60 poundseach;1 Black Hawk corn planter;1 Big Four McCormick mower;eight-foot McCormick binder;1 Black Hawk manure spreader;1 ten-hole Kentucky grain drill;1 eight-foot double Colter packer; .ten-hole Kentucky grain drill;1 Tiger tobacco setter;1 potato planter;1 bull rake;1 self-dump steel rake;1 tandem double disc harrow;2 riding cultivators;1 spring trip walking cultivator;2 two-horse waeons:2 combination hay frames;3 steel beamplows;3 steel beam jointers;2 double shovel plows;2 Planet Junior 7-tooth cultivators;1 one-horse turn plow;1 fifty-tooth harrow ; ,'1 pond scraper;4 sets plow double trees;1 feed grinder for engine power;1 Papec No. 13 Silo filler;1 ten-barrel water tank, pump andhose;1 galvanized water tank; -1 Stewart sheep shearer; Ilbucjgy; J1 depot wagon ;1 rubber-tired break cart;2 sets buggy harness;4 sets waeron hnmpscLot of plow harness; 'a weive-toot farm gates;2 tarpaulins;1 Planet, Junior garden plow andseeder;1 large barrel spray for white wash-iuk aim rree spraying;small spray pumps;1 grindstone;1 emery stone grinder;1 hand corn grinder;1 corn sheller;2 post hole diggers;2 sets of fence strfy?.1 fence slatter; ' - -'J ft ,,J t J..w xuua ux nog ience;ou roas oi o-ioot poultry fence;,iiock drills crow hnr oi-, Vmers, shovels, spades, hoes, forks,1 thirty-foot exxtension ladder:1 fifty-gallon lard kettle;1 ten-gallon lard kettle;'1 lard press; -1 large butter churn;1 small butter churn; -j. no. z, international Creanarator :1 Siulle"f0t l0Tlg fibre fcrope and1 fifty-foot long fibre cable rope and2 large feed troughs";to . of second drop seed pota-Five turkevs hpnc n-nA KkU..Lot of Rhode Island chickens ;'xakc rzcus oi nay;15.000 tobacrn KVcLot of baled strawAinimber of nt-W oVfji ,.- tifound on the farm, too numerous tarJllCUblUU,sep-BURGOO.TERMS Made kovn on diy;of sale.;CEHTENABY WORK IK COLOREDMETHODIST CHURCH.The Methodist Episcopal church ofthis city is joining for the next sixweeks with other churches of the denomination throughout the country,in the greatest campaign for tithersever undertaken by a great Protestant church. The object is to secureat least a million tithers, or onefifjth of the jmelmbership, who willpledge themselves to devote at leastone-tenth of their income to religiouspurposes.In the Cincinnati area, this "Stewardship Drive" is under thp ipriprship of H. A. Truesdale, a Conneaut,Ohio, business man, who is devotingpraciicany ail of his time to it. Inme local cnurcn the leader of thispart of the Centenary wprk is J. S.Ayers and assisting him" are B MSmith andvD. S. Miller. The pastorhas arranged the following programin connection with this part of theCentenary work: Meeting at 3 p. mFebruary 9, 16 and 23 and March2, and 9, 1919.Leaders of the Methodist churchbelieve that the practice of the tithing system amone: its mprnhprshin ioa fundamental principle, and that itwm soive many of the problems, notonly financial, but otherwise, of themodern church. Financially, ofcourse, it will put the church on abasis where it can take more adequate care of the work facing it athome and abroad."The old day when the churchfair, oyster supper and the ice creamsociable were the trusted cornerstone of church finance, are passingaway," says "Missiles," organ of theCentenary Minute men. "The Centenary message' of Stewardship marksthe coming of the new day."The Stewardship feature of thecampaign closes on March 15.PABIS' GRAUD OLD .MAN. flETflC,BRATES 92D BIRTHDAY.The arrival of his ninety-secondmilestone on the journey throuerh'life was quitely celebrated yesterdayDy .raris' grana oit man, Mr. GeorgeW. Davis, at his home on Highstreet. The members of Mr. Davis,!family gathered at the table -withhijm, and the event was celebrated id.an old-fashioned way, with Mr. Davisas the guest of honor, and occupyingthe seat of honor at the head of the"table. 'For many years the members ofthe Sunday school classes of thePresbyterian church, who still regard Mr. Davis as their "Superintend-'ent, have presented him with sifts.appropriate and suitable to the occasion. This year their gift took theform of a large stand of beautifulflowers, accompanied by the following poetical testimonial of the highesteem they held Mr. Davis in:"There is nothing that we can say 'That will express all we feel to-dayFor you, who have meant, so "muchto us,As you taught us to pray and trust.The Sunday-school, like your life,'grows fine,Because the spirit is fine that holdsit,And day by day it takes on morework,And a glory of growth enfolds it,As you hare seen dreams and hopesunfurled,We see in you the 'best man in theworld.Now, e'er your ninety-second birthday passes,Here is a bunch of love from yoiirclasses."Executrix's SaleOFJust because a fellow is there withbells on, don't jump to the conclusion that he is a ringer.Four Houses and Lots!The undersigned executrix of James H. Haggard, deceased,will, at the Court House door in Paris, Kentucky, onSaturday, Feb. 15, 1919expose to public sale four houses and lots, as follows:First Five-room house and lot on the iilast side of NyineStreet, between Duncan Avenue and the railroad, adjoining theproperty of Ashurst and others.j Second Two houses and lots on the East side of Virginia Avenue, one containing four rooms and the other threerooms. These two houses and lots adjoin one another and adjointhe property of Cain and other's.Third The third is a house on the West side of VirginiaAvenue and contains tour rooms and adjoins the property of Ed.Igo.All of the above described four houses and lots are situated insplendid sections of Paris and are convenient to the business section of the city, and all four of said houses are rented.This isa splendid opportunity to get good homes well located.. There is great demand for small houses and lots in Paris atthe present time, but they are hard to find.The sale will start at 11 o'clock and the property will sell,rain or shine, so look this property over and be ready to bid on it.Terms Made known on day of sale.NANNIE J. HAGGARD,M. F. KENNEY, Auctioneer. EXECUTRIX.j (Feb7-3t) .ammALLRUGS, WALL PAPER1IAND LINOLEUMSDURING 1IWwm!w anil MmwI S1 MfW Wl I1 M.., : JLU 1-5 -A- mm 1i nww id me; nine xo oave lYicnev i3 mk mkm Ht mkm iH iH mkm il iB iH H mkm mkm kmkm mkmkm. km iiiBBiH iiiiH HiiiB iiH iiiiiil iiiiiH AbbI1MJ, UMUUvl H HHHH wmmmt i b h m mmM mm mmm mmw mm cl1 Phones 36 .; PARIS, IC 6th and ain j;I VN0ERi;KM? ; rf! AWPiULANCE "; MOTOR EQUIPMENT IBrWrMWIMimiMlimuuilUIJUiMiikLioiiBnM '"i 1 - .- --" - " ' ' 'HCwmk. IW 625, Fiw, Kyl,tiu.-.. .1f-,-iK ""t."47 Vv3- -"""SvS1 -"!f 1S- ----vr7'6I6T 'L AHVIlHaavi 'AVQIHii"'THE B0U1BON -3IEW?;'. 2R&trfXE&TBCr&PAGEZ1!FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEFRESH CAUGHT FISHFresh caught Reclfoot LakeFish for today and tomorrow.(lt) LOGAN HOWARD.o"S. 0. S."Save, O, Save. Every winterovercoat in our entire stock reduced.J. W. DAVIS & CO.oGENUINE NEW ORLEANS MOLASSES, $1.25 PER GAL.The best lot 'of New Orleans Molasses every brought to Paris, at1.25 pre gallon, while they last.T(lt) C P. COOK & CO.oAPPOINTED EXECUTOR.In the County Court NewtonStrauder qualified as executor of theestate of Benj. Bowles by furnishingbond in the -sum of $1,500.0ATTEND THE CLARK SALE ONTUESDAY, EEBRUARY 18.In this issue of THE NEWS appears the display advertisement ofMr. Wallace Clark, announcing thesale of his handsoine home on Cypress street, to be conducted on thepremises on Tuesday afternoon, February 18, at two o'clock, under thedirection of Harris & Speakes. Thehome is one of the most complete inthe city, with a lot 50x150 feet, running back to a fifteen-foot alley.. oMORE "WINTER.Prepare for it with one of ourheavy ulsters at reduced prices. Allwinter overcoats are reduced.J. W. DAVIS & CO.oNEW CAR SOLD.The Lexington Cadillac Companyrennrta the sale of an eight-cylinderCadillac touring car, tp Mr. Henry S.Caywood, of North Middletown, thiscounty.oPUBLIC SALE 0E DESIRABLE CYPRESS STREET HOME.One of the most attractive homesin the residential portion of the cityof Paris is that of Mr. WallaceClark, cm Cypress street. Havingmoved to Boston, Mass., to reside,Mr.Clark will sell this home at public auction on the prejmises, on Tuesday afternoon, February 18, at twoo'clock. The sale will be conductedby Harris & Speakes, with Col. Geo.D. Speakes as auctioneer. Here is anexcellent ojjortunity to get a !nodern, commodious, well-arrangedhome.GET OUR PRICES FIRST.Do not buy anything in theClothing line until you get myPrlCCS L. WOLLSTEIN,tf Clothing Department.BASKET BALL.The Paris team has entered thebasket ball tournament to be playedat the University of Cincinnati, atat early date. Thirty teajms havebeen, entered up to date in the tournament, which is expected to be oneof the greatest basket ball events ofthe season in the Ohio valley.The girls basket ball team of theParis High School will play theWinchester High School team, in. tnelatter 'city to-night. On tne samenight -the boys teams of the ParisHigh School and the RicMnond HighSchool .will meet in the contest onthe floor of the Richmond HighSchool gymnasium. Both games willbe attended by a large crowd ofParis "rooters."CLARK REALT? CO fVESOEFICE TO COURT HOUSE.SOCIAL AMD PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mr. Walter Clark has moved hisleal estate office to the County TaxCommissioner's office in the basementof the Court House, where he is nowopen and Teady for business.The Clark Real Estate Apncyhave on their lists a number of verydesirable Bourbon farms that theywill sell at attractive prices Likewie. !, Tin-irA manv desirable houses and lots in Paris for sale at rea- ksonable prices. Possession on mwof these properties can be had onMarch 1, 1919. . .If you contemplate moving toParis see Mr. Clark and buy a townhouse. You can sell later at a profitand save the rent. Call in and lookover -our lists. .,.. nnCLARK REALTY CO.,(4tf) Paris Ky'. - o-TWO TOBACCO EmLOYES GETnrco TROUBLE.-Mrs. Elizabeth Moore is in NewYork City on a business mission.Mr. J. W. Layson left Tuesdaya,Yisit to his daughter,in Illinois.Mr. Richard Lucas and motherhave gone to Indianapolis, IncL, - tovisit Mr. and Mrs. Thos. Lucas.Mrs. Maggie Moberly has returned to her home in Richmond, after avisit to her-sister, Mrs. E. C. Richardson. Mrs. Ben Williams, of Lexington, is the guest of Mrs. ' ThomasHenry Clay and Miss Lutie Williamson Pleasant street.Mr. and Mrs. M. C. Wells havereturned to their home in this cityfrom a visit to friends and relativesin Robertson county.C. E. Colliver, local expressagent, was in Lousiville, Tuesday,attending an official meeting of theAmerican Railway Express Company's representatives.Mr. Hal Cv Brent, of KansasCity, Mo., and Mrs. Thos. I. Brent, ofCleveland, Ohio, were guests severaldays this week of Mrs. Belle BrentAlexander, in this city.Miss Wilson, who has been aguest of her sister, Mrs. C. A. Amyx,on South Main street, several days,has returned to her home in RedHouse, in Madison county.Dr. S. P. Mohney, who wastaken with influenza Wednesday, isimproving at his home on Cypressstreet. Mr. Marshall, of Lexington,a doctor of chiropractic, is attendinghim.Mrs. George B. Jacoby and Mrs.T. L. Halladay, of Bourbon county,were guests several days this- weekof their mother, Mrs. T. I. Willis,who has been very ill at her home inWinchester.Dr. and Mrs. Milton J. Sternhave returned from Spartansburg,South Carolina, where Dr. Stern -hasbeen located as a member of theMedical Corps at Camp Wadsworth.Dr. Stern will resume his practicehere, with offices in the First National Bank Building.J. J. Veatch, District Manager ofthe Central Home Telephone andTelegraph Company, and Minor Cor-man, of Louisville, General superintendent of said company, have returned to Paris after a tour of inspection of the cohipany's plants atFrankfort, Owenton, Williamstown,Cynthiana and Carlisle. voAT BEFORE THE WAR PRICES.15-CENT CANNED GO0BSSee jmy line of 15 cent, cannederoods. including: tomatoes, peas,kraut, hominy, baked beans, kidneybeans, salmon, sardines, catsup, etc.Large assortment of canned fruits,soups, etc., at before-the-war-prices.MRS. ELLIS'Cash-and-Carry Grocery, the Redfront Stor, Opposite -Court House.(It)oINSURANCE.Fire, Tornado, Lightning,Automobile and Hail.YERKES & PEED.(janl4-tf)-oWITH THE SHUT-INS.Mrs. L. B. Purnell is improvingslowly. Mr. O. G. Lytle, of THEBOURBON NEWS, is improvingfrom a recent illness of the flu.Miss Mattie Baldwin was reportedyesterday as being improved. MissJessie Rose, who is a pneumonia patient at the Massie Memorial Hospital, was reported yesterday as improving. Mr. Frank P. Riser, whohas been seriously ill at his home onHouston Avenue several weeks withheart trouble, following an attack ofinfluenza, has been taken to Cincinnati, where he has been placed under the care of a specialist. Mrs.Katherine Davis Craig is a patient atthe Massie Memorial Hospital, inthis city, suffering fiwn an attack ofinfluenza. Mr. and Mrs .Joseph W.Davis have returned from Rochester,Minn., where Mr. Davis has been apatient for some time in the MayoBros. Hospital. Mr. Davis, who underwent an operation for gall stonesat the Mayo Hospital, is now convalescent and getting along nicely.Miss Lillian Howard, Cumberlandtelephone' operator, who recently underwent an operation for appendicitis at the Massie Manorial Hospital is on the road to completerecovery. Mrs. Henry A. Power isvery ill of influenza at her home onSouth Main street, and under thecare of a trained nurse. Mrs. Powerwas called to Hot Springs, Ark., on-f of th illness of her brother-in-law Mr. Wim. Burchfield, with influenza, and on her return home wasstricken with the same disease. Mrs.Power was reported yesterday as being greatly improved.onvvViAAfiv rvv,i n.-u vvlricr n fine lot Of to-bacco from the Company's place orbusiness and offering it for sale atthe Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseWhen Collins came to get the cnecKfor the tobacco the scheme was discovered" and the arrest followed.Throckmorton, !& 'arraigned before jSdge George BattertoninftheCounty Court, Tuesday, and, pieaaing guilty to the charge of grand larceny, Teas held to the grand jury mheirfBtf la the County Court Wed-THE TOBACCO MARKETS.The Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCompany solcf at their combinedsales yesterday a total ,of 177,700pounds of tobacco for a money valueof '$87,993.60, an average of $49.51.There was much nondescript tobaccoin the offerings. The market wasstrong-and active, and grade priceswere well sustained.There was an unusually good lotof crop averages, ranging from $36to $75.65, the latter being realizedon a crop of 2,640 pounds, consignedby Simons &Logsden. The list ofaverages was too long for insertionin this issue of THE NEWS, owingto the crowded condition of our newsspace.High crop average were secured onthe P,aris market Wednesday and the"high floor averages reflected the general tone of the market for the day.Receipts were heavy, wagons comingin from all directions. At the Independent House the sale was met withstrong competition, the crop averagesgoing as high as $70.44. With anoffering showing a marked improvement in the quality, the BourbonTobacco Warehouse Company soldWednesday a floor of 88,825 poundsof tobacco for $47,967.93, a floor average of $52.88. The crop of Clay& McKinney consisting of 3,730pounds, averaged $82.27, the highestof the season.Since the high prices paid for tobacco in the recent sales have put alarge amodnt of money in circulationmany tobacco growers and tenantshave been enabled to take up outstanding financial obligtions and toredeem old pledges. It was statedyesterday by an attache of the Sheriff's office that an unusually largenujmber of old judgments and costsin actions of years' standing hadbeen paid off by tobacco men sincethe opening of the local tobacco markets. This has been the banneryear, in the tobacco business, according to statements made by those ina position to know whereof theyspeak.TOBACCO COTTON(To-The biggest variety ofbaeco Cotton on sale atFELD'S DEPARTMENT STORE(7-llFeb)oSCHOOL TEACHERS TO BEGUESTS 0E Y. M. C. A.The Y. M. C. A. will be host ofthe Bourbon county Public SchoolTeachers for their February meetingto be held Saturday. The CountyBoard of Education will also attend.-The program begins at 10 a. on. andwill be open to tne public. Mr. vvucox, the Y. M. C. A. Secretary, willmake an address on "Play," and givea demonstration of games and sportssuitable for use in rural schools.These games will be played by theteachers and the gymnasium will bereserved for their use. The operau.r4n Tf roTiT.DOimroleader, will help entertain at thesocial hour and lunch whicn will Deserved at the Association building.&TWO DESIRABLE SMALL FARMSAT PUBLIC SALE.In this issue of THE NEWS appears the display advertisement announcing the approaching sale oftwo 'desirable small farms at publicsale by Dr. J. A. Gilkey. The salewill be held at the court house doorin Paris at eleven o'clock, on Saturday, Feb. '22. This is scjue of themost desirable suburban property yetput on the market, and the purchaserwill get a good value for his money.Read the advertisement. (7-5t) .Deputy Sheriffs Gilkey and Gibsonarreste4 Julian Throckmorton andGE-n.B-4 PI REInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,Agts- oSPARK EROM FLUE CAUSES EIREALARMAn alarm from Box 21 yesterdayaf ternoon called the fire department!,. rooidpnftft of former Sheriff W.F. Talbott, on Seventh street. SparksrrwarSantartinVa M& wWJh. "ment extinguished. The loss was estimated at about $25. .oCYPRESS STREET HOME AT PUBLIC SALE.Harris & Speakes will sell at public 'sale on the premises, on Cypressstreet Tuesday afternoon, February18 at two o'clock, the attractivetwo-story "bungalow of Mr. WallaceClark- The home contains six rooms,- and hack iorch, bath complete,electric lights, gas and splendid eel-.1KS v ..- -.mo. siTiarsra0. H.WIK0FFReal Estate and Live Stock Auctioneer the man who knows howExperience counts.; Call. Bourbon- Tobacco Warehouseor .address Box 266, Paris, Ky.(7-4t)WANTED.To rent home near business section of Paris, in a desirable locality, suitable for a boarding house.Call or address,MRS. JOHN LAIR.Home Phone 3016, Paris, Ky.(7-if)ffiurton Jsx Confectionery Store 1Successor to Adami & Santi.VFlorida FruitsBox CandiesI'.'i Adami'svFamous Recipe forIII making delicious Ice Cream,III Soda Water and Mixed" Drinks still used.-Bulk Ice Cream(Made from Pure Cream)delivered for home use.ill! Fancy Ices for Parties!.: a a , ;!KiEXHXiJANUARYIIIFor the BEST; Sea Us.-hKANKMlUNV- .fill Successor to Adami &, Santi. jjjj !ClearanceSaleONSuits, Coats Dressesand MillineryHARRY SIMON224-223 West Main St., Lexington, Ky;Main Street, Paris, Ky.ALL GRADES OFTOBACCO COTTONSold At-HtSt3?2?3TSimon: ' mi:a".AiPUBLIC AUCTIONor-Two Desirable Small farms!Having purchased a larger farm, I will sell at public auction, -at the CourtHouse door in Paris, Ky., at eleven o'clock a. m., onSaturday, Feb; 22, 1919two desirable suburban small farms, lying adjacent to the city of Paris, either ofwhich will make a mosty desirable money maker for persons looking for small farms.No. 1 Contains 7 Acres of Landlocated on Howard's Lane, just off Second Street, beyond the limits of Paris. Fiveacres of this land will grow .tobacco, the remaining two acres is improved with anew tobacco barn and three good rent houses. The land is well watered and willmake an .ideal little home.No. 2 Contains 14.94 Acres of Good, Deep Soillocated on the Georgetown pike, in the edge of Paris, and adjoining the land of Mr.Lee Cox. This small farm is' unimproved, but has some good tobacco land, andthe remainder will raise most anything it is planted in. There is a large frontageon the pike to this small tract of land, making it most desirable either as a cultivat- .ing farm or for the purpose of sub-dividing and selling off in smaller tracts.VvTerms.!iOne-third cash upon dejiyfiry of the deed, the balance: irt one and two years, vdeferred notes to bear 6 per cent interest.ADR. J. A. GILKEYM. F. KEN NEY, Auctioneer.PARIS, KENTUCKYUf '-av - .. y ' .- - ? , YSfri)I,-'d!?&" :WktotVf -THE EWS: " -H.' C, C?i-. . i .. w. m . ;v ,'. jT ; i"$ - -t---v'wife'- jr- .X VT"AXsfi" "?PAGE SIXTHE BOTOB01T HEWS, PARIS, XEATUCUFRIDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1919.irBBYBBW BBBBB BBBj BBH BBB BBBJ BBBj i BBBj BBBjBBBWBBBjf BBfl BBB BBl BBB BH BBS BBz BBa Sx. .BBlIjJJ Ti)e Createst Nalne jn Goody.Land SI - Jf5l QU know the UH , realm of child- S( . flood dreams gB c (j sweets. ' JtrC? T' Make someIf vT those dreams j1 StSsW a delightful gI i iP reality by miP-Jj - taking home Sfm, WRIGLEYSJ L5 tonight? lH&i K& SEALED TIGHT Jilsi ) 1 avr WlHg&iWCombeCombs have been used in the toiletsince very ancient times. The Greeks,the Egyptian and the Roman ladiesused them to arrange and hold up theirhair; even ladies among the Swiss lakedwellers seem to have been familiarwith them. Some of these were madeof wood, 6ome of bone, of horn or ofivory. , Specimens have often beenfound in recent years.Some people go on. the principlethat none are so blind as those whorefuse to look for trouble.h1heon changing from cofieeteInstant PostximNottheelements in coffeetheliciousijuulci0STANTPQSTUMJililii!!ii:i!H!!l!!!!!WA Confuting Invitation,A man named Dodgln had been appointed foreman in a brickyard, buthis name was not known to all theemployes. One day while on hisround he came across two 'men sittingin a corner smoking, and stopped nearthem. "Who are youf asked one ofthem. 'Tm Dodgln, the newr foreman," he replied. uSo are we," replied the other workers,and have a smoke.""Sit downIf no jman is a hero to his valetit is equally true that no womanis a heroine to her cook.ixixsKixie anddfGloomandhrttiiQibyexperience of manvincrediPostum is freecausimsame timexioTurishinrfcct a ixttctzHjii j. fjjrLAUGHED AT OWN "CARICATURECharles Dickens Has Been Called Vain,but This Story Seems to ProveOtherwise.The reproduction of a very rare car-'feature portrait of Dickens appearedin a recent number of Dickensian.William Miller was the author of theportrait, which was advertised for invain by F. Q. Kitton more thantwenty years ago, for insertion in hisbook, "Charles Dickens by" Pen andPencil," says Christian Science Monitor. Dickens first saw 'the portrait inquestion when walking along Piccadilly with Disraeli one day.T He wasvastly amused, and, entering the shop,bought several copies, one of whichwas sent to the Hon. Mrs. RichardWatson at Rockingham. In a letterwritten from Gad's Hill place he says :"I hope you may have seen a largeheaded photograph with little legsrepresenting the undersigned. It hasjust sprung up so abundantly in allthe shops that I am ashamed to goabout town looking in at the picturewindows, which is my delight. Itseems to be extraordinarily ludicrousand a better likeness than the portraitdone in earnest. It made me laughwhen I first came upon it, until Ishook again, in open, sunlighted Piccadilly." People Eat Too Much,Life would not be near the struggleIt is if we did not eat so much, observes a writer in Ohio State Journal.It does not require very much toil toearn enough food to keep soul andbody together. And then, what is thebetter part of it, is that the soul andbody kept together on just as littlefood as necessary make for each otherthevery best company. Just once givethe body more food than it needs andsee how the soul protests. Just enoughand no more is the doctrine of lifeand health. We read the other day ofa great English author describing hispersistent diet, which was bread andbutter and fruit. On that he lived,thrived and did his great work andIs happy. The idea that stuffing thestomach conduces to health andstrength is not to be trusted, and especially where anxious mothers cram thelittle bodies of their children with allkinds of treacherous food to makethem grow fat.Snowball Fight at Elmwood.There is a charming picture of asnowball fight at Blmwood, with thethree young nephews, in Lowell's essay, "A Good Word for Winter," written in 1870."Already, as I write, it is twentyodd years .ago. The balls fly thickand fast. The uncle defends thewaist-high ramparts against a stormof nephews, his breast plastered withdecorations like another Radetsky's.How well I recall the indomitablegood humor under fire of him whofell in the front at Ball's Bluff; thesilent pertinacity of the gentlescholar who got his last hurt at FairOaks ; the rdor in the charge of thegallant gentleman who, with thedeath wound in his side, headed hisbrigade at Cedar Creek! How it allcomes back and they never came!"in.fromis adrinkTONIO BF REALMERIT HELPEDAFTER FLUMeritone Brings Back Appetite andNashville v Man GamsWeight.Meritone surely has helped myrheumatism," said L. ,M. Walsh, of304 Union Street, Nashville."I had rheumatism mighty badfor five years. I've been taking Meritone for three weeks now and it hasdone me a vast" lot of good."I had influenza, too, shortly before I started taking Meritone, andthis new medicine has helped me getover the effects of it. Meritone hasbrought back my appetite and hasbrought back a good color to my face.I've gained weight, too, since I started taking Meritone."I want to reconxmend Meritonebecause it has done me a vast lot ofgood."Meritone is highly recommendedas a strengthener and builder afterinfluenza or pneumonia. It is recommended for any ailing conditions ofthe system, such as stomach, liver orkidney trouble, catarrh, rheumatism,lack of appetite, sleeplessness andthe like. .You can get Meritone at G. Sv Varden & Son's. (adv)oOozing Fountain Pens,An application of heavy oil to thejoints of a fountain pen will effectivelyovercome the oozing out of ink atthese places, says Popular MechanicsMagazine. The types of fountainpens, 'having points which disappear by turning a section of thebarrel, sometimes leak because ofwear. To remedy this, soak thepen in warm water and permit todry, particularly Inside. Then applyoil on the spindle that is revolved.Heavy cylinder oil is the best for thepurpose. The lubricant should beworked through the bearing from endto end. The pen is then refilled andexcess oil wiped off.BEST PREVENTIVEFOR INFLUENZAIS ACTIVE LIVERCalotabs, the Nausealess CalomelThat Is Free From Banger ofSalivation, Is the Ideal LaxativeFor Colds and Flu.Keep your liver active, your system purified and your digestive organs in perfect working order. Thatis the advice of physicians as to howto avoid influenza and serious complications. At the first sign of a coldor sore throat, take a Calotab, theperfected calomel that is free fromthe nauseating and salivating qualities of the old style calomel andwhose medicinal properties are vastly improved.One Calotab at bed time with aswallow of water that's "all. Nosalts, no nausea, .nor the slightest interference with your eating, pleasureor work. Next morning your coldhas vanished, your liver is active,your system is purified and you arefeeling fine, with a hearty appetitefor breakafst. Calotabs are sold onlyin original sealed packages, pricethirty-five cents. Your druggistreccommends and guarantees Calotabs by offering to refund the priceif you are not delighted with them.(adv)Iron In Ukralnla.Within the boundaries of Ukralnla are found the principal availabledeposits of iron ore in Russia. Tfcdevelopment of the iron ore depositsof the Krivoi Rog district has beenmainly responsible foj the rapidgrowth of the Russian iron and steelindustry, which now depends to nUextent 'of -aVbfit 70r per cent on 'thtiron ore in the southern part of thecountry.BREADFUIr COUGH CUBEB.A severe cold is often followed bya rough cough for which Chamberlain's Cough Refaaedy has provenespecially valuable. Mrs. P. W. Olson, Marysville, Mo., writes:' "Abouttwo years ago my little boy Jeancaught a severe cold and cougheddreadfully for days. I tried a nupiber of cough medicines but nothingdid him any good until I gave himChamberlain's Cough Remedy. It relieved his cough right away and before he had finished taking one bottle he was cured. I think it is justfine for children."(adv-Feb.)oWar Macaroni.Somebody la complaining of the sizeof the war macaroni. We have alwayspreferred the 44-calibre kind to thesort they call wermicelli, as SamlvelWaller womld say.INDIGESTION.Take a few doses of Chamberlain'sTablets as directed for indigestion.and you will soon forget about yourstomach troubles. Try it.(adv.)o :The Lord helps those who helpthemselves, but He doesn't altogetheroverlook those who help others.IHIMMake Use of OurTraction ExpressKy. Traction & Terminal Co.Aetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityAnd OtherCasualtiesA. J. FEEAGENTbrighter;EVENINGSNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.useGlee trie ityfor QdftffityIt's the only satisfactory way.use Setsfor Ming ana CookingIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix You UpFor the Use of BothElectricity and Gas.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)Technicalof&cmfSenccMiDescription of Engine.The Genco Light engine has been designed andbrought out especially for the duty for which it is "fcsed.Ine tirst models of the Genco engine have been in operation m the U. S. for over 7 years and are passed theexperimental stage at this time. The engine is of the 4cycle, top valve type. The cooling employed is water,but it will be noted that a radiator is used, which meansthat only 2 gallons of cooling water are necessary. Afterthose 7 years of tests and experiments it has been foundnecessary to abandon the air cooled construction, whichgave fairly good results for the first two years, but whichis not reliable after that time. The crank shaft of thebenco Light engine is counter balanced, and has its flywheel inside of the crank case. It is probably the onlyengine m the world having this construction, which ismore expensive, but which avoids vibration, The crankshaft runs on white metal bearings of ample Fsize., Infact Mtudy of the size of those bearings on the crankshaft will feonvmce anybody of the reliable character ofbenco Light construction. The connecting rod bearingon the crank shaft is 13-4 inches in diameter by 2 3-8inches long. The main bearings on the crank shaft are1 1-2 inches in diameter and 3 inches long, which makesa total bearings projected area on the main bearings of -9square inches. sThe only manufacturers of lighting plants in theworld making their own entrines, generators and batteries. Which means we will be in business when otherswill be gone.JOHN MERRINGERPLUMBING, HEATING - PARIS, KENTUCKYHome -KilledMM ATSFRESHFISHDressed td Order.IttflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketnMtffWTobaccoCottonALLGRADESaSee Us ForThe BestPriceBTwin Bros.Department StoreMain and 7th Paris, Ky.IE....AiiAiitmaMDescriptionM&jJfo-"vKrtftFRIDAY, FEBRUARY 7. 1919the BoraBoy hews, puis, rranjcanrPAOTOTTOfK -S' T ' r F':rC"' , J.-"UNUSEDMUNITIONSBRUU6HT WAR'S ENDGERMAN STAFF KNEW OUR PRO-DUCTION AND GAVE UP, SAYSFRANKLIN.Cleveland. The war supplies thathave been delivered and must be paidfor but never used were what actuallybrought the war to the sudden endso much earlier than had been expected, according to Lewis B. Franklin, director of the war loan organization for the United States.HOW THISNERVOUS WOMANGOT WELLTold by Herself. Her Sin-1wvijr wiiuuiu Vsvii"vince Others.Good Tires SpeedDeliveriesNo car is better than its tires.And time lost through tire troubles cannotbe replaced.Good tires are the best practical guaranteeof your car's continuous and economicalservice.United States Tires are good tires the besttires our 76 years of experience in the rubberbusiness have taught us to make.You have your choice of five differenttypes for passenger car or light delivery use'Nobby', 'Chain', Usco 'Plain', and thefamous 'Royal Cord'.There is also the 'Nobby Cord' for heavyduty vehicles, as well as the Solid Truck Tire.Among these good tires you will findexactly the treads best suited to your car andyour driving conditions.Our nearest Sales and Service. Depot dealerwill gladly point them out to you,United States Tiresare Good Tires!JT " - w yyVTs KNOW United States Tires are GOOD tires. That's why we sell them.EffGGLES MOTOR CO Paris, Ky.iSELERSBTTRXx HARDWARE CO., .... Millersburg, Ky.J. W. MITCHELL & SOK ! Horth Middletown, Ky.All Make Mistake.The best of men and the most earnest workers will mate enough of mistakes to keep them humble. ThankGod for mistakes and take courage.Don't give up on account of mistakes.Moody.Knew She'd Bought One.Wife I attended the mammoth saletoday. Hub Where are you going Ukeep the darned thing?Women Soldiers in China.China had women soldiers long before they were known in Russia. During the Tae Ping rebellion, 1850,women as well as men 'served In' theranks. In Nanking, in 1853, an armyof 500,000 women was recruited. Theyvere divided into brigades of 13,000each and were commanded by womenofficers. . fJust because a fellow is there withbells on, don't jump to the conclusion that he is a ringer.f 19Bs A rex.mW. DAVISFUNERAL dlRECToRMotor EquipmentBOTHIPHONES-DAY 137? NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pkasant Streets, Paris, Ky.XssBXHBXHBXCEX:IX!K.BSBBn996H99RSQlBSBSSSSBS5Sm&" 'M w.SBBB53ShbS8B9SS9JBSSSSSB9Sje:'&:BA MAN AND HIS WIFE4may both derive a satisfactionby having their worn' and soiledgarments cleaned by us; Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old. clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving,. must surely satisfy you.; A phone brings ua.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 Home Phone 169-2LEWIS B. FRANKLIN,War Loan Director."Those are the things for which weare going to pay with the Fifth andlast Liberty Loan," Mr. Franklin explained at & meeting of Liberty Loancounty chairmen in this city."That is what I mean -when I saythat this money you are going to raisethrough the things already boughtwith the credit of it is paying forthe saving of a half a million American lives!" " s"The speed and bravery of theAmerican 'dough-boy affected theGerman on the front line more than itdid the men at German general headquarters; but the fact that Americahad ten tons of mustard gas ready forshipment in 1019, to every ton thatGermany had; the fact that we weregoing to have a tank on the front linefor every 75 feet of the line in 1919;the fact that we would have thousands of batteries cf guns where wedid not have a single one in 1918those facts had an influence on theGerman General Staff. -,"And, far from that money, thosemillions and billions of dollars wastedIn an unnecessary preparation, I feelthat the fact that the money was spentand that that enormous output ofmunitions was ready, was the controlling factor in the weakening ofthe German General Staff, and thatit caused their message to the Kaiserthat they were beaten, and that hemust .sue for peace. And the way Isee it is that this money, instead ofbeing wasted, can be written down ashaving saved the lives of hundreds ofthousands of American men whowould have been sacrificed had thewar continued another year."I do not believe that we are goingto be troubled with this loan. I lookfor at least 20,000,000 subscribers tothe next loan."We must let the people of theUnited States know why there is aFifth Loan, what the money went for,what it did and that is the most important part of it, what it did. Wemust tell them that it brought backtwo or three or four or five hundredthousand safe, live American ' boys,instead of having them buried inFrance. And I cannot conceive ofthe American people failing to respondto that kind of an appeal."To the WoundedTHIS is our homage when you passus by:Not the crude pitying stare you dread,but thisAverted eyes, and conquered tears,and pangsOf helpless love . . . Ton do notknow-how braveWe also are, not stretching out ourhands,Maddened with pity, ,to the strangerfacesThat whitely pass us, needing us somuch!Oh, boy with deep bright eyes andcrippled .foot,Olt, soldier with the face made oldwith 3rar,We promise you, by every wound yombear,A nation's homage and a nation's help,And allots .grateful hearts, your eagerfriends! ;Solamith Ish-Ktebor, im The MewYork Times.Liberty Bond-"" Liberty Loet-Tor your bond let me trade you thisstock,"Said a scalper to prudent Bill Brock."Not today, air," Bill saidThen the salesman he led,T Uie jail where lie new is "in hock."Christopher, 111. "For four years Isuffered from irregularities, weakness,nervousness, anawas in a run downcondition. Two ofour best doctorsfailed to do me anygood. I heard somuch about whatLydiaE.Pinkham'sVegetable Compound had done forothers, I tried itand was cured. Iam no longer nervous, am regular,and in excellenthealth. I believe the Compound willcure any female trouble." Mrs. AuceHeller, Christopher, 111.Nervousness is often a symptom ofweakness or some functional derangement, which may be overcome by thisfamous root and herb remedy, LydiaE. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, asthousands of women have found byexperience.If complications exist, write Lydia E.Pinkham Medicine Co., Lynn, Mass., forsuggestions in regard to your ailment.The result of its long experience isat your service.Vt&y'IIOld Ways of Telling Time.In remote ages the Japanese andChinese used a knotted wick to recordtime, two feet in length. The wickburned slowly and each knot recordedan hour. Phiilppl II of Spain is saidto have used an oil lamp for the samepurpose. The oil was contained ina glass receptacle, on which was ascale marking the hours from four inthe afternoon to eight the next morning, and the height of the liquid upomthe scale would show the time. A 12Inch candle, of which three incheswould burn away in an hour, Is supposed to have been used by King Ukfred.1 J iu..From County to County in15 Minutes ByTRACTION EXPRESSKy. Traction & Terminal Co.XIt . ;1X3fBourbon Laundry!DAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsIH Telephone No. 4K-SKl'- W W4&&I ZDJT jxiXWest Fifh StreetxSATISFACTION!OUR WATCHWORD!XWith all the latest improve-ments in laundry appliances 15r i prepared to do work infe-nor to none, ana solicit xyour patronage.XIliiThe Bourbon Laundry jX Paris Kpnrnrbrr!VHvmvwiira-XaVX,!New Toll Rate Effective January21st, 1919IOrder No. 249$ of the Telegraph and, Telephone Administrationissued by the Postmaster General at "Washington, December 13th, a mawtoll rate is ordered effective Jamiarry 21, 1919.According to our interpretation of this order the toll rates will feeclassified as follows: The day rate applies between the hour of 4:31 fern, and 8:30 p. m.Night rate between 8:30 and 12 midnight for station-to-station nssages only, shall be approximately 50 per cent, less than any day rates,but no night rate for less than 25 cents.Another night rate between 12 midnight and 4:30 a. m. shall be approximately 75 per cent, less than the day rate, but no night rate lewthan 25 cents.Person-to-person messages shall be approximately 25 per cent,higher than station-to-station rates.Appointment calls shall be approximately 50 per cent, higher than,station-to-station calls.Calls which require service of a messenger shall take the appointment rate, plus cost of messenger fee.A report charge of approximate 25 per cent of the station-to station fate will be made on all person-to-person calls, when person desiredis not in or will not taut or If party calling is out when connection Is (pleted within one hour after filing time.Paris Home Telephone & Telgraph Co.(Incorporated.)J. J. VEATCH.District ManagerW. H. CAHH01I.local HanaeerThe News Job Department is Always Busy."There's a Reason." Work Done Right!HMlWMMHb' HMtHUJJOMlXMiOilrtnh4xnuiNwwMw- -SBlf"EVERYBODY XflOWSV?UyE -IN-HEAD MEANS BUICtRevised PricesThe assurance of material for quantityproduction of Buick cars enables theBuick Motor Company to establish thefollowing prices on the various Buickmodels, effective January first, 1919.These prices will not be changed duringour presents dealers' selling agreements.Three Passenger Open Model H-Six-44 - $1495Five Passenger Open Model H-Six-45 - - 1495Four Passenger Closed Model H-Six-46 - 1985Five Passenger Closed Model H-Six-47 - - 2195Seven Passenger Open Model H-Six-49 - 1785Seven Passenger Closed Model H-Six-50 - 2585Buick Motor Company,. Mint, MichiganPioneer Builders of Valve-in-Head Motor Carsr"T. IS"!" - T"p"" " - ' ,,'C. S. BALL GARAGE5U ...'H zk .rA&I EIGHTTHE BOUEBON i HE WS, PARIS, KENTUCKYs FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1819.. y"J""MILLERSBURG. Mr. T. H.:lowly.Thompson improves""' v Mrs. M. E. Martin continues"tf-Yery touch the same." K- W G Daley was in' Cin' ' cinhati' professionally Wednesdayfind Thursday.Mr. Sn M. Allen, who has beenconfined to his .home with the "flu."'is'a&le to be out again'' '' ' Mr. and "Mrs. 'S. ' JR. 1 Allen of' "'Winchester, were guests from Mon'" isY to "yesterday of "Mr. and Mrs. G.. TSf. 'Allen,.' .poR SALE. A five-room, resilience in good condition, with water,I orchard, garden and stable, For.' further particulars call or address., Ur.. Harry Fay, Millersburg, Ky., " . , (31-4t), Mr. C. C. Ghanslor sold his'"home on West Fourth street, to Mr... Joe Farris, for $9,000, possession. -given in March. Mr. Chanslor -andfainily'will move to the property ofMr.- J. A. Butler, -now occupied by, Wr. and Mrs. David Cassidy.PUBLIC SALE. On Feb. 21, at2 p. jm., I will sell all my stock,lartn implements, etc., to the highest2idder. Sale held on premises.Don't fail to attend. Don't forgetelatej .(7-td) EDGAR HURST.v Mrs. America Jones died suddenly early Wednesday morning.Mrs. Jones had gotten up and waspreparing for breakfast, when shesuddenly fell to the floor, expiring afew minutes- later. She had beencomplaining for several days, but hercondition was not thought to be serious. She -was the widow of the late'.Thpfmas L. Jones, who preceded herto the grave by two years. She issurvived by four children, three sons.Dr. Chas. Jones, of Salt Lick, Mr. M.Ml Jones and Noble Jones, of thiscity ' and one daughter, Mrs. Crouch,.of Owingsville. The funeral wasJneld from her late residence yesterday afternoon at three o'clock. Mrs.Jones was formerly Miss AmericaRaisor,.of Salt Lick. She was a delated member of the Christian. church. .o ''; .DEATHS.a.CARTER.-The funeral of Mrs. Matilda Carter, aged twenty-five, -who died earlyWednesday morning of influenza ather home on the C. F. Kern farm,near Paris, was held yesterday.Services were conducted at thegrive in the Yaris Cemetery by Mr.A.'L. Boatright, She is survived bylier husband," who is a tenant on the"Kern farm, and two children.V1 , BRADY.Mrs. Caroline Brady, of Fayetteeounty, died Tuesday at the home ofter daughter, Mrs. Laura Bailey, inWoodford county. She is survivedby four sons, one of whom, ThorntonBrady, resides in Paris, where he isengaged in business. The funeralwas held Wednesday afternoon attwo o"clock, with services conductedat the grave in the Versailles Cemetery by Rev. H. L. Cochran.county and was educated at the oldTransylvania University, Lexington.He was a member of Morgan's cdmmand, seiwing- under that distinguished soldier during the Civil War.Mrs. Askew, his widow, and fourchildren -survive him, Louis, Askew, Jjonnson ASKew, Mrs. Ann uarrickand Jamie Askew.The funeral took place Wednesdayafternoon at 2 o'clock at the residence,, followed by burial on. the. family lot in the Georgetown Cemetery.WELSH.The funeral of Mrs. Mary R.Welsh, aged about sixty-five', whodied at an early hour Tuesday morning at the home of her son-in-law,Mr. James Shea, on Fifteenth street,in this city, of a complication of diseases, was held at St. Peter.'s church,in Lexington, yesterday morning atten o'clock, with services conductedby Rev. Father Frieburg. The burial followed in the Lexington Catholic Cemetery.Mrs. Welsh was a woman of splendid character and was beloved byall who knew her. Hers was acharitable and. loving disposition, tbeing one of her, chief pleasures toalleviate suffering' wherever it j&asfound, and to contribute her mite toward helping humanity. She wasthe widow of Mr. Lawrence Welsh,and previous to coming to Paris toreside, had spent (most of her life inLexington.Mrs. Welsh is survived by foursons, James, Ernest, Allie and Richard Welsh, all of Lexington, and onedaughter, Mrs. James Shea, of Paris.The pall-bearers at the funeral andburial yesterday were her four sons,E. A. Welsh, J. W. Welsh, R, L.Welsh, Allie Welsh, Jos .Glenn andDr. Wm. Lavin.o-.MATRIMONIAL.A- marriage license was issuedyesterday fron the oflice of CountyClerk Fearce Patdn to Mr. LloydSmith and Miss Vesta Smith, bothof this county.COLLINS SMITH.Mrs. Emma Collins and Mr.Lewis Smith, both of this county,were married in Cynthiana. Thesecond marriage for the-Tride. Theywill reside at the home of the groom,near Jacksonville, in this county.CROMBIE LYNE. ' -Miss Nellie Crombie, of Bourbon county, and Mr. It. B .Lyne, ofParis, were (married at the residenceof the officiating minister, Rev. I. T.Spencer, Wednesday morning in thenracanno rf TVT. nA TVT.c ITTt-- iImam.piucuuv-v jt. mi i. auu iiiio. vv in. -l Uillbie. The bride is a daughter of Mr.apd Mrs. Robert Crombie, of nearShawhan. The groom is a prominent young farmer.. - . MCCARTHY.' 4tfrs. Ellen McCarthy, an agedresident of the Poindexter vicinity,! werein. Harrison county, died at her homeof the infirmities of age. Mrs. McCarthy was the mother of Mrs. FrankLenox1 and "J. W. McCarthy, of Paris.The funerarwas held in Cynthiana,with services at St. Edward's. church,conducted by -Rev. Father Jos. Lingel.' The burial' followed in theCatboliiuCemetery- at Cynthiana.FRYMAN MATTOX.The Cynthiana Democrat makesthe following announcement in itsissue of yesterday: "Mr. and Mrs.Willard Fryman request their friendsto be present at the marriage of theirdaughter, Beatrice Burden, to Mr.Silas H. Mattox, of Paris, on Sunday afternoon, February 16, at twoo'clock, at their home at Sylvandell,Kentucky. Invitations are not beingsent out, but all friends are invited."JOHNSON MYERS.Miss Ruth Johnson, of Paris.and Mr Newton Myers, of Carlisle,married Wednesday night atthe-residence of the officiating" minister, Rev. W. E. Ellis, in this city.The attendants were Mr. ArthurCase and Miss Patton, of Paris.The bride is a daughter of Mrs, J.C. Fightmaster, of Paris. She wasfor several years telephone operatorin the- office of the Millersburg exchange of the Home Telephone Co.,an din same capacity in the Paris exchange of the sapne company, laterbeing an operator in the Paris ex-i change of the Cumberland TelephoneCo. The groom is engaged in the automobile business in Carlisle.cttF THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMOTO-DAY, FRIDAY, FEB. 7VIVIAN MARTIN"Her Country First"RUTH ROLAND" In the last episode off"HANDS UP"Keystone Comedy, the Village Scandal' and Animated Weekly.SATURDAY, FEB. 8Goldwyn PresentsMAE MARSHIN"Hidden Fires". A girl step9 from .one -world intoanother.SMILING BILL PARSONSIN"Bill's Opportunity"MONDAY, FEB. 10Pauline FrederickIN"ZAZA"The tragic heroine who cast aside theman she loved to the bottom of her heartwill enthrall you, no matter how often youhave seen her before.Roscoe (Fatty) Arbuckle. in "THE COOK"and Burton Holmes Travelogue.Edward Van Leeuwe OrchestraADMISSION 22cGALLERY 15cChidren Under 12 Not Admitted.coming Grand Opera House comingThree Nights, Thursday, Friday and Saturday, Feb. 13,14,15HAUKS SUNSHINE GIRLSMUSICAL COMEDY TABLOID :Dainty Dances, Sparkling Comedy and Pretty Girls. Entire Change of Program- t T ..Each NightIn Connection with the Above, Regular Picture Program will be Shown at The Grand.-Edward Van Leeuwe OrchestraPrices . . . 25c and 50c" WAR TAX INCLUDEDwilson:-Mr. John-O. Wilson, a formerresident of Paris, and a: brother of !J. S. and D. T. Wilson, of Paris,died Tuesday at his home in Newton,Miss., after a short illhess. Mr. i oAfTTw pttt?t?t?tsjt n.Wilson had been engaged in railroad WUiM-UKttbwi.construction work in Mississippi for . The engagement has been an-sereral years. He is survived by his i nouceu OI " mailua .aueiaiueomiLii, UcUiguLer ux. uv. auu ivirs. v-..Bruce Smith, of Millershurg, to Mr.Harry Current. The date for thewedding has not been announced.The bride is a charming and popularyoung woman, a member of the'Millersburg social set, and wellknown throughout the county.- Mr.Current is a son of Mr. and Mrs. T.W. Current, of Millersburg, and is amost estimable and worthy youngbusiness man. The young people arealready in receipt of congratulationsfrom a large circle of friends and ac-quaintances.-widow and two children. Mr. J.Sims Wilson, of Paris, left Wednesday for Newton, in response to atelegram apprising him of hisbrother's y deathCURTIS.T-The funeral-of vMr. John Curtis,aged ,sixty-three, -who died at hishome in Lexington,- after a short illness of pneumonia, was held in Lexington, Tuesday morning with services conducted in the CemeteryChapel by Rev. T. G. Ecton, pastorof toe Cavalry Baptist church, followed by burial on the faptfly lot. -Mr.'Curtis is survived by his wid-ow and eight children, two of whomP James and Alva Curtis, are residentsof Bourbon county.ROSE.Mrs. Ruby Rose, wife of Mr. W.M.Rose, died at her home in Shawhan, after a week's illness. She wasa daughter of the late Mr. and Mrs.Rudolph Wilson, and was .born inthis county on March 1, 1852. She"was married in this city on December 1, 1909.Mrs. .Rose is survived by her mother, her husband, four children, Velma, Rankin, Althea Frances, GarnettAziderson and Marjorie Rose, Alsobr two brothers, and three sisters,Mrs. William Mitchell, of JParisJMisses Betsy and Minnie Wilson andJafoies "H. Wilson, of Shawhan. andSi. J. Wilson, of Paris.The funeral was held Monday withservices conducted at the grave inJacksonville Cemetery, by Rev. J'. S.Armistead, of the Cynthiana Christiaa. church.KISER INGELS.: MrEarl Ingels and Miss JennieL. Kiser, both of Bourbon county,were married Tuesday afternoon atthe home of the officiating minister-,Rev. J. D. Armistead, in Cynthiana.' The wedding came as a distinctsurprise to the friends and relativesof the young people. The bride is adaughter of Mr. and Mrs. James T.Kjiser, of nearv Kisertop, and is avery- attractive young woman. Thebride-groom is a oung farmer, ason of "Mr. and Mrs. Henry Ingels.of near Paris.(Following the ceremony Mr. andMrs. Ingels left for a wedding tripto' Ohio. On their return they willreside at -the home off the groom'sparents, on the Bethlehem pike.MODERN, ATTRACTIVE HOME TOGO AT PTTBUC SALE-- ASKEW,frudge James F. Askew, one of thejsumt distinguished lawyers of Central Kentucky, died at his home nearrG46tgretown, Tuesday afternoon, atthSS age of 75: - "NXudge Askew, was bora in MercerREAL ESTATE DEALSThrough the agency of the ParisRealty Co., Mr. W. J. Barr, of nearParis, purchased this week, of Mr.Chas. P. Mann, the W. W. Hintonfarm of eighty acies, located on theParis and Lexington pike, nearParis, for $4 00 per acre, or an aggregate of ? 3 2, 000. Possession willbe given the new owner on the firstday of March.Mr. Frank Collins sold to Dr. J.' A.Gilkey, of Paris, the Roseberry Rogers farm, located on the Cane Ridgeand Steele pike, containing 184acres, for $265 per'acre, or an aggregate of $3 5,5 10. On account of having purchased this large farm Kr'.Gilkey plans to dispose of two smJlfaAns located near Parisy and willsell them at public auction in fron"tof the court house door In Paris, onSaturday, Feb. 22. Se large displayadvertisement in this issue of THENEWS. TMr. Wm. C. Bell, of Paris, putchased through the Paris Realty Co.,this week, 6f Mr. Harry. Marsh p acottage located on South Highstreet, near Sixteenth, for ?2,850.Mr. Bell will move to the home7tm'Maifch 1. The Paris Realty o., alsosold for Mr. William Barr, the Farrisfarm of 35 acres, located on theBethlehem pike, for $15,00Or thepurchaser being Mr. RenssellRitchie, of Nicholas county. Mr.Ritchie will jmove to the farm 'onMarch 1.Through Harris & Speakes theParis real estate agents, Mr. M. O.Biddle purchased of Mr. CharlesBest, their residence at the corner ofClifton avenue and Twentieth street,for $2,980,Former Jailer Jos. Farris, wha re-Lcently sold his farm near Millersburg, purchased of Mr. unariesChanslor, the latter's residence andnine acres of land located in Millersburg, for $9,000. Mr. FarriS'Willget possession in March. Mr. andMrs. Chanslor will move to the J. A.Butler property on the Cynthianapike, which they recently purchasedfrom Mr. David Cassity. 'Matt Long and brother purchasedthis week frrin Mr. Will H. Whaley,Jr., twenty-two acres of the Taylorfarm, located on the Maysville pike,near the city limits of Paris, including the improvements on the place,for $650 an acre.Mr. VJ. ri. -Liee purciiaaea uitr Diuuesfarm, located near Millersburg, fromMr. Wm. C. Bell, of Paris, for a private price. Mr. Bell recently purchased the farm from Mr. CharlesAdair, for ?310 an acre. Possessionon March 1.Mrs. Nellie Stoker Highland recently refused an offer of $300 peracre for the place on which she re-ance. One hundred and sixtyshocksof corn in the field sold for $7.50per shock; loose. hay brought $30per ton; turkey hens, $7.50 each;chicken hens from $1 to $1.50each; shotes from $6 to $9 per head;sows, $30 to $45 per head; cows, $95to $110 per head; pair of draftmares, $565; other horses selling at$80 to $145 per head.oIf no jman is a hero to his valetit is equally true that no womanis a heroine to her cook.NOTICE .TO ITREIGHT SHIPPERS.Effective 'Saturday, February 15,the freight house will cuose for thereceipt of goods at 1 o'clock pT m.The hour for receiving from Monday to Friday, inclusive, will remainthe same as has been the custom inthe pas't, 4 o'clock p. m. Please begoverned accordingly.W. V. SHAW, Agent.Some people go on the principlethat none are so blind" as those whprefuse to look for trouble-Frequent Freight SerriceBY TRACTIONKy. Traction & TermmalCo.s there anyone in Paris or elsewhere desirous of owning a splendidup-td-date home on 'Cypress street?Attend the public sale of the Wallade Clark home on Cypress street,Tuesday afternoon, February 18, tobe conducted by Harris & Speakes,Col. George D. Speakes, auctioneer..This will be your best chance to geta complete home for the future orfor. a good -investmentv .s:CLEAN SWEEPsides. This faiim, located just 'outside the city limits of Paris, was theformer home of the late MatthewHoward and contains 650 acres.Mrs. Highland has greatly improvedthe farm since it came into - herpossession.Auctioneer George D. Speakes conducted the sale yesterday of the Wm.H. Whaley fanm, located on the Hawkins & Cummins pike, near Paris.1Sixty-five acres containing the resi-.dence, was sold to D. R. Caldwen, oiNicholas county, for $260 an acre.John'T. Hughes purchased 109 acresat $137 an acre. This was the Haggard farm, near Buckley's CrossRoads. The sale totaled $31,443.At the sale Wednesday morning ofstock and crops belonging to X&jjyidEstill, conducted by Auctioneer Geo.D. Speakes, on the premises on theCane Ridge pike, good prices wereobtained for everything offered.Fa'n implements also brought "goodJ prices, mere, was a swu ai.umu-Entire Stock of Winter Footwear Must Go!Groat Reduction in splttof tht fact of the fact thatwt cannot replace thesehigh grade shoes at nearthese prices. DON'TWAET! BUY NOW! Delay mean a money lossA UAIllW JVNIWomen's, Men's and Children's Shoes at RecordBreaking Marked Down Prices. 0A11broken and discontinued lines atrB"MHBfc- t:3E9iiMK4eK5l)w1-2 PRICEand in many instances even less.a -2-fei2:l54Just a Few of the Hundreds of Marked Down PricesLadies' Assorted Broken Sizes, f$5.00 values at l.SfOMen's Dark Tan EncrlishLadies' Grey Boots, Louis heel, do A Cbest quality, all sizes, $5.95 val . . . . PO.tULadies' Mahogany English or Louis HeelBoots, with cloth tops to match, o A15.00 values, at 0K7Ladies' Maliogany Tan English a (fBoots. $6.00 values, at .'.... S" uLadies' Dark Grey Boots, all kid ejO QCtops. Walk-Over, $9.00 values, at..Ladies' Black English or Cuban. CfVQQHeel Boots, $4.00 values, at p7i7ivxen s uarK ran English tA Ct i4 HP$6.00 values at $4.DU-$4.95Men's G. M. English Walk-Over ajo aand other famous makes,. $4.50 val". v5Men's Gun Metal Lace, E. & J. eo Amakes, $4.00 values, at y&St&Boys' Gun Metal Lace, $2.50 val- i 7ques at . $ 1 7Don't Miss This Money - Saving Opportunity.Sale Now Going On.waDANParis' Greatest Slide SforeCOHENWhere Beauty and Economy Reign. ryifPCV-4'k'Sfc -"r"t.v-rJkCp4&'-f, 'ssfcj.4jfrVi;Sucv-ry er ' r-JiF" J?'At-,V.Kl ,-"- Si-,V:7 z-