-v. '4 4,&"'--Ji- -3THE BOURBON NEWSPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRJ'Y IN THE YEAR.-.-VOLUME XXXVI HPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, MAY 13, 1919Iy1 1PAMOUS KENTUCKY DERBY WON ,BY SIR BARTON.iSir Barton, coupled with BillyKelly and running in the colors ofthe Canadian sportsman, CommanderJ. K. L. Ross, won the forty-fifthrenewal of the Kentucky Derby, atChurchill Downs on Saturday over aheavy track, heating eleven otherstarters for the rich prize and running the distance in 2:09 4-5.The field paraded before the standat 5:10 o'clock and remained at thepost but a few minutes, the barrierlifting to an excellent start, with SirBarton in the lead. Eternal was second, Under Fire third, and BillyKelly fourth.Passing the stand the son of StarShoot and Lady Sterling had gaineda lead of two lengths and Eternalrunning in second place, was in closepursuit, with Billy Kelly in pood position third. Rounding the clubhouse turn, the places were unchanged, the runners up at that point being Vindex, which was in forth position, followed by Under Fire, withthe others strung out for manylengths.Entering the back stretch, Vindexbegan dropping back and at the halfmile vias in the ruck; Billy Kellynad moved up close to the leadersand at the bend in the far turn, Eternal, after following Sir Barton, began to shorten his stride, and by thetime the horses appeared at the headaf the stretch, the brown colt wasfading away.Billy Kelly, coming strong, washut a length behind his stable companion, and with Under Fire hangingon gamely, the three leaders wereseveral lengths in front of the struggling field as the cavalcade sweptdown the broad stretch toward thewinning post.At the eighth pole, Billy Kelly washard ridden by his jockey in orderto gain first place, but could not respond and the chestnut colt gallopedunder the wire two lengths in frontof the little bay gelding, which hadgamely struggled to overtake the flying leader, but without avail, whileUnder Fire was the same distancebehind with the others strung out fora sixteenth of a mile.Vulcanite finished fourth, BeFrank fifth, and the mighty Eternalin the bunch of horses racing in themiddle of the track, while Vindex,the pride of the Whitney a stable,"brought up the rear.It was estimated, that the largestcrowd ever on the track witnessedthe running of the Derby. m pffipials-estimated the attendance at 60,000.ff-FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSSPECIALSILKHOSE75cPer PairFRANKLADIES' OUTFITTERSAutomobileVICTIM OF ATJTO ACCIDENT TAK-JhSS IU UUoniAIi.While attempting to cross thestreet at corner of Main and Sixth,near the Kress store, yesterdayat 12:10 o'clock, "William Shields,an aged white man, was run intoand knocked down, by, an automobiledriven by James Grinnell, of theGrinnelL Bros.' dry. cleaners. Themachine passed over, the prostrateman's body and head, inflicting severe bruises. He was picked up andtaken to the office of Dr. J. M. Williams, close by, where he was givenfirst-aid treatment, and removed tothe Massie Memorial Hospital. Mr.Grinnell claimed that he did not seeShields trying to cross the street,and the first thing he knew of theman's presence was when someoneyelled to him to stop. He stopped hismachine as soon as possible and issisted in removing the injured manto Dr. Williams' office. It was stated that Shields did not see the machine, which was approaching froman opposite direction. At the hospital yesterday afternoon it was saidthat Shields was not seriously injured, unless internally, and that heseemed to be getting along very wellunder the circumstances.oPRANKP0RT WINS SUIT TO PREVENT TELEPHONE BATE 'INCREASE.Circuit Judge R. L. Stout at Frankfort Saturday, granted the injunctionprayed for by the city of Frankfortagainst the Cumberland Telephoneand Telegraph Company, the HomeTelephone Company and PostmasterGeneral Burleson restraining themfrom increaing telephone rate in thatcity.On arriving at this decision JudgeStout says that he is of the opinionthat it was not the intention of Congress to give the Postmaster Generalauthority to set aside contracts entered into by cities and the telephonecompanies to increase rates. He iaalso of the opinion that such an act'would be unconstitutional even if itwere the intention of Congress tohave passed such an act.oARRESTS SCOTT COUNTY FUGITIVE. Deputy Sheriff James Gibson arrested Pearl Porter, a colored barber,who recently came to Paris fromGeorgetown, on a warrant issuedfrom the Scott County Court, charging him with petit larceny. He wasplaced in jail until Scott county officials took him back to Georgetownfor trial.& CO.Delivery"-?4MATRIMONIAL.SIMMS FRANZHEIM.The home of Miss Lucy Simms,on Second street, was the scene of apretty wedding last night at seveno'clock, when the ceremony was performed uniting Miss Bessie Simms,daughter of Mr. and Mrs. EdwardSimms, of Houston, Texas andJParis,to Mr. Kenneth Franzheim, of Chicago. A marriage license was secured inLexington yesterday and Miss Simmsand Mr. Franzheim came to this city,where the ceremony was performed.Only the intimate members of thefamily and a number of friends fromTexas, who were guests of Mr. Simmsfor the race meeting at Louisville,witnessed the wedding, 'ihey spentthe day very informally at theXalapa Form of Mr. Simms yesterday.The bride had been one of a party,who came to Louisville to witness1the running of the Kentucky Derby.PRIDCMORE BREAULLIEU. ,The marriage of Miss MabelPridemore, of Paris, Ky., and Atlanta, Ga., one of the charming ,youngwomen who have made Kentucky famous in the South, to Mr. ClarenceBernard Breaullieu, of Atlanta, Ga.,.is announced by engraved cards,issued to friends and relatives, as follows: "Mr. and Mrs. John WilliamPridemore, of Paris, Kentucky, announce the marriage of their daughter, Mabel, to Mr. Clarence BernardBreaullieu, on Saturday, the nineteenth of April, nineteen hundredand nineteen, Atlanta, Georgia. AtHome, No. Two, Bonaventura are-,nue, Atlanta, Georgia."GROVER GAINES.The marriage in Georgetown,Saturday afternoon of Misse Catherine Grover and Joseph Hall Gaines,united two of Central Kentucky'smost prominent and influential families. The ceremony took place at 4o'clock at the home of Mr. and Mrs.Horace Grover, which was elaborately decorated in. ferns and brides'roses, and was witnessed by aboutthirty-five of the relatives and themost intimate friends of the youngpeople.After the coremony Mr. and Mrs.Gaines left for a wedding trip to theEast. On their return they willmake their home in a newly furnished eottaee on South Broadway? near.PHff'rtn cfrruif in fi-Prtrp-pf-Own MAmong the out-of-town guests whowitnessed the ceremony were Mr. and IMrs. Jos. M. Hall, of Paris.oPIFTH LIBERTY LOAN HAS BEENLARGELY OVERSUBSCRIBEDThe fifth and last popular war loanof the United Stated has been oversubscribed.Although the approximate totalsubscriptions will not be known fornearly two weeks, figures availableshowed that the American peoplehad responded generously to the appeal to "finish the job."Like all of its predecessors, theVictory Liberty Loan suddenlyjumped on the last day of the campaign above the mark set as its limit.The day brought an avalanche ofsubscriptions which banks could notattempt to count until next week.None of the last day's harvest wasincluded in the total of $3,849,638,000 subscriptions officially tabulatedby the Treasury, and officials wouldnot be surprised to see the final figure go to nearly $6,000,000,000.Only $4,500,000,000 will be accepted.Bourbon county's contribution tothe Fifth Liberty Loan, as announcedSaturday night by County ChairmanBuckner Woodford, was a total of$954,700, being an oversubscriptionof $388,000. The amounts were subscribed as follows through the following banks: Bourbon-Agricultural,$310,850; Peoples-Deposit, $211,000; First National, $210,000;Farmers' & Traders' $45,250; Farmers Bank, Millersburg, $75,000;Exchange Bank, Millersburg, $42,850; North Middletown DepositBank, $53,550; Farmers' Bank ofClintonville, $6,200.oWE FIT THE HARD-T0-P1T.iJ Whether you weigh 300 pounds or100, we can fit you perfectly, with1 stvlish clothes.J. W. DAVIS & CO.. oWILL OF JOHN J. McCLINTOCKADMTTKD TO JtilUJBATiIn the County Court yesterday thelast will and testament of the lateMr. John 'J. McClintock, who diedsome time ago at his home on Duncan avenue, .was admitted to probatebefore County Judge JBatterton.The instrument, which was datedAugust 22, 1900, was witnessed byErnest Harris and Thos. W. Allen.It devises all his property of whatsoever kind, to his widow, Mrs. KatePalmer McClintock, and asked to appoint her executrix of the estate, andthat no nond or security be requiredof her, and that no inventory of theestate be made.' o-BED CROSS ROOMS CLOSE FORTHE SEASON.j Thejre will be no more work done;at the Red Cross work rooms in thiscity, according to an announcementj made yesterday. The rooms will beclosed for the season. All bundlesI are expected to be in the work, roomsI by jioon to-day: v ' - " - .REPUBLICANS SELECT DELEGATES TO STATE CONVENTION. The Republicans of Bourboncounty met at the court house in thiscity in mass meeting Saturday afternoon, at two o'clock, for the purposeof selecting delegates and alternatesto attend the State convention to beheld in Lexington, on May 14. Themeeting was held in response to acall issued by County Chairman N.A. Moore. The meeting was presidedover by Mr. John M. Brennan, whobriefly stated the ohject of the meeting. The following were given thenuanimous endorsement of the convention as candidates for their respective positions: For Governor,Edwin P. Morrow, of Somerset; forLieutenant-Governor, Thurston Ballard, of Louisville; for Auditor ofState, John P. Craig; for RailroadCommissioner, Stanley Wood, of Mt.Sterling. The Committee- on Resolutions submitted the following resolution: "Whereas, a State convention ofthe Republican party has been calledto meet in Lexington on the 14th dayof May, 1919, to adopt a platformof principles and to recommend Republican candidates for the supportof the voters of the party at theAugust primary election, it is now,"Resolved: That the Republicansof Bourbon county heartily approveof the purposes of the Lexington convention as a step toward the convention plan for nominating the bestcandidates for public office, insteadof the unsatisfactory and enormouslyexpensive annual primary elections,especially in a debt-ridden State."That we approve of the principles of the National Republicanparty, and call upon all patrioticcitizens to join that party, as therefuge from socialism."That we congratulate the American people upon the election of aRepublican majority in both housesof the National Congress, now aboutto meet."That we call upon the people ofKentucky to place a business administration in power at Frankfort, byelecting a full Republican Stateticket in November."The delegates and alternates, twenty-twoin number, who will represent the county at the State Convention at Lexington, are as follows:DELEGATES r Lawrence Horton,John M. Brennan, M. R. Jacoby, E.F. Poe, Ed. Thomason, W. P. Thomas,James T., Kenton, H. Clay Howard,John.JM. Stuart, Letcher Weathers,s&eorge K. Jones, N. A. Moore, D.Hume, M. H. Dailey, Ewalt Haley, C.J. Doyle, W. A. Thomason, J. S.Shoptaugh, C. L. Hough, J. D. McClintock, George Johnson, JamesDuncan, Clay Owens.ALTERNATES Ed. Wagner, Forest Day, H. L. Hill, W. C. Bell, J. W.Calamese, J. M. McCurdy, R. L. Dotson, P. W. Napier, W. S. Hughes,James Shea, Phiplome Shoemate,Allen Beatty, H. S. Ritchie, D. T.Wagner, Joe M. Kennedy, W. R. Tuttle, John Whaley, Richard Kelley,Davis Patrick, Stanton Rummans,Geo. T. Wagoner, D. W. Peed, Geo.tRurcell, and all other known Republicans of Bourbon county, and othercitizens who desire to affiliate withthe Republican party.Reports to the daily papers fromall sections of the State show a decided sentiment in favor of the selection of Hon. Edwin Morrow for Governor, with the rest of the tickettrailing behind. Mr. Morrow is aclean, able man, and will give theDemocratic candidate a lively scrimmage when the regular , electioncomes off.oFOR THE JUNE BRIDE AND THESWEET GIRL GRADUATE.If you would hunt the world overyou could hot find a more beautifulselection of gifts for the June brideor the sweet girl graduate. Alsolots of nice gifts that would pleasethe boys who are to graduate nextmonth.THE Av J. WINTERS CO.(13-tf) (Incorporated.)o-WOOL WANTED.We pay market price for yourwool. Sacks ready. 'We receivewool at both our North Middletown and Paris warehouses.CLARKE & YOUNG.(apr22-tf)oSAYS AMERICA WILL BE SHORT6,000,000 MEN.Col. Arthur Woods warned employes to have as many extra mennow as possible, as protection againsta coming tremendous labor shortage.American labor, he declared, willbe short 6,000,000 men and womenthis year, due largely to the factthat immigration has been vastly reduced. Immigration up to 1914 and forthe seven years preceding, saidWoods, amounting to approximately1,000,000 a year. In 1915 it was590 nnn- in 1917. 300.000: in 191.8,100,000, and in 1919 it probably willbe less.The army, he said, probably willkeep out of industry an additional1,000,000 men for at least anotheryear., oSOME LICENSES. 'Up to the present time a total of2,543 licenses have been issued to.dog owners in Bourbon county. Thfcis a greater -number than has everbeen registered in the' first fourmonths of any year since the law became effective.IN THE SERVICE OP THEIRCOUNTRY.Robert L. Rowland, of Paris, wasaccepted at the Lexington naval recruiting station Saturday. He wasenlisted as an apprentice seaman andwas sent to the headquarters at Louisville yesterday.Auctioneer A. C. Peters, of FlemIngsburg, was in Paris last week enroute to Atlanta, Ga., to be at thebedside of his son, Lieut. RussellPeters, former night clerk at the Leland Hotel, in Lexington. Lieut.Peters had just returned from tenmonths' service overseas and is confined to the officers' ward in theCamp Gordon Base Hospital, suffering fr,om shell shock.A message was received in thiscity recently by Mrs. George Parker,of Maysville street, from her son,James L. Parker, who has been inthe overseas service for severalmonths, apprising her of his safe arrival at Philadelphia. Young Parkervolunteered in the Signal Corps atthe outbreak of the Texan-Mexicanborder troubles and spent severalmonths along the border. When warwith Germany was declared he wastransferred with the other membersof the Corps, to Hattiesburg, Miss.,where he remained at Camp Shelbyfor some time. He was one of thefirst to be sent to the scene of war.He was in some of the fiercest fighting during the closing days of thewar. As soon as he receives his finaldischarge papers he will return toParis.BLOODHOUNDS CALLED TOTRACE SUPPOSEDROBBERS.Capt. V. K. Mullikin, with his twobloodhounds, passed through, thiscity Friday, in resDonse to a inessaerfrom Little Rock, stating that thecommunity store operated at BunkerHill, in this county, had b'een burglarized. Capt. Mullikin and otherofficials went to the sqene, and drcovered that tne report was a faseone. The store is operatedby ff.O. B. Herrin, who stated to the officials that he had not heard anythingabout the robbery. ' On visiting thestore he found everything all right,and cannot account for the message.Capt. Mullikin and the dogs -returnedto Lexington without having achance to do any work in their line.oMONEY RIGHT IN YOUR HANDPOR EGGS. POULTRYAND JUNK.Highest cash price for eggs,poultry, hides and junk.MUNICH & WIDES CO.,(11-tf) Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.iWE KNOW HWBLUE SERGESUITSOf Real ValueYOU WILL PIND AT OUR STORE SERGE SUITS THATARE ABSOLUTELY PAST COLOR. NOT THE KIND THATLOSE THEIR SHAPE AND BECOME BAGGY AND ILLPITTING APTER A PEW WEEKS' WEAR. REAL VALUESIN STEDT-BLOCH AND 'MICHAEL STERNS PINE CLOTHES,AT PRICES WITHIN REACH OP ATX$25.00 to $50.00NOTHING NICER POR SUMMER WEAR THAN A BLUE'. -SERGE. WE HAVE MANY DESIRABLE PATTERNS INj PANCY SUITINGS BLACK AND WHITE CHECKS, SHEpl; ARD PLAIDS, TANS, GREYS AND PANCY GREENS; SNAP' 3?Y STYLES POR THE YOUNG PELLOW PANEL BACK,j. CLOSE PITTING COATS SLANTING POCKETS, EXTREME: ENGLISH CUT TROUSERS. . -MITCHELL & BLAKEMORENettleton ShoesDr. Reed's Cushion Sole Shoes. -ManhattanShirts 'Stetson fiatsITHE POLITICAL GAME.j Senator J. C. W. Beckham and A,O. Stanley have buried the patronagehatchet. The Senators have agreedupon the appointment of Charlesj Cronan to be Collector of Revenue at1 Louisville.! Senator Beckham v recommendedCronan for Collector last winter andthe President sent Cronan's name tothe Senate, when Senator Martin,acting at the instance of Senatorelect Stanley, held up the nominationand Congress adjourned witnout action having been taken on its confirmation. During the last few days Stanleyand Beckham have reached a complete agreement, under which, Cronan again will be appointed by thePresident, and this- time the Senatewill confirm him without opposition.Governor A. O. Stanley will takethe oath of office as United StatesSenator, May 19, when the FederalCongress convenes in extra sessionat the call of President WilsonLitutenant Governor James D.Black will succeed Governor Stanley,as Chief Executive.Governor Black discussed the matrter with Governor Stanley. He madearrangements to retain Miss MinnieMahler, secretary to Governor Stanley for a week or ten days or untilsuch time as his secretary becomesfamiliar with the workings of theoffice.Govenor Black has not made arrangements for a secretary and stenographer, as he did not know hewas to become Chief Executive untilafter his conference with GovernorStanley. The Lieutenant Goveronr isin the midst of preparing his opening speech in the gubernatorial campaign. He will open his campaignat Richmond, May 17.COTTONSEED MEAL.Swift's Digester Tankage 60Protein for HogsSwift's High Grade PertHiier forTobacco.8-tf ) CHAS. S. BRENT ft BIO.oINDEPENDENT TOBACCO WAREHOUSE COMPANY INCREASES STOCKAt a meeting of the directors ofthe New Independent Tobacco Warehouse Co., held in this city Saturday,it was decided by a unanimous voteto increase the capital stock of theconcern from $25,000 to ?50,000which, was alloted to farmer-throughout Bourbon and adjoining:counties at a premium of $40 on theshare. The money thus raised is tobe used in the erection of the Company's new sales warehouse, which'will be one of the largest in the city:The Board of Directors re-electedthe oldf officers, as follows: President, Chas. C. Clarke; vice-presidentSam Harding; secretary-treasurerJames McClure; general manager Dan W. Peed.AGE TWO-"vmiTHE BOURBON NEWS, PAEIS, KENTUCKZTUESDAY, MAY 13, 1919IIIEEstablished 188137 Years of Continuous Publication'.Published Every Tuesday and EridayPer Year.. $2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Adavance.SWEET CHAMP. Editor and Owner.iffcitered at the Paris. Kentucky.Postoffice as Mail Hatter of the;8econd Class.)"frEDITORIAL MUSINGS.A Desperate Argument.VvThen anybody tells you that theLeague of Nations plan is unfair tothe United States and partial toEngland because it gives GreatBvitain six votes at the outset andAJnerica but one, you may set thatstatement down as a lie, originatingeither from malice or ignorance.Senator-elect Medill McCormick, ofUlionois, made such a statement ata recent dinner, and he ought to beashamed of himself, either for hismendacity in giving circulation tosuch as obvious falsehood or for hisprofound ignorance of the subject onwhich he presumed to speak with authority. The League of Nations constitutioa gives the British Empire onevote at the outset, the same as allotter nations in the League. Selfgoverning colonies of Great Britain,of the United States or of any otherstation may be subsequently admitted, with one vote apiece, providedtwjo-thirds of the member States assent. The principal powers of theLeague, however, will always be exercised under the Constitution as itstands, by an executive council ofnine, in which Great Britain willhjxve but one vote.The attempt to prejudice Americans against the League of Nationsr- -.he ground that, it unduly favorsJ 'land is obviously unfair, untruthful and wicked. It shows thedesperation of league opponents forvalid argument to uphold their pointof View. iAs To Daylight Saving.'Because of the fact that the clocksof this country have been moved forward one hour in compliance withthe '"Daylight Saving" law, the United "States Fuel Administration callsattention to the estimates made lastOctober that 1,250,000 tons of coalwere saved during the seven monthslast year through the operation ofthis law.The plan was adopted in the United States after its success had beendemonstrated in Great Britain,Prance, Italy, Germany, Austria, Holland, Denmark, Sweden, NorwayPortugal, Australia and Iceland. InEuropean countries the period during which the "'clock is advanced isin most cases shorter than the sevenmonths adopted as the United StatespXafr, because Europe is farther fromtho equator than this country, andBOURBONNEWSA. MAN AND HIS WIFEV tLEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 Horns Phone 169!3CiBourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, Proprietors -.Telephone No. 4 ' West Fifh StreetIIIrIiIIIiiftt err- - J vs i8?-st:irnThe Bourbon LaundryParis, Kentuckyearly sunrise prevails during a muchsmaller .period of the year.In Great Britain the plan is opera-'tive only during four and a halfmonths, while in France the clocksare moved forward for a period ofonly three and a half months.Coal production in this countryhaving been at a low ebb for the lastfive months there are fears of a severe shortage next winter, particularly if the weather should be coldand stormy. The economy whichwill be effected by the "daylight saving" law this year, therefore, mayprove to be a direct advantage.oDON'T DELAY.Some Paris People Have learnedThat Neglect Is DangerousThe slightest symptom of kidneytrouble is far too serious to be overlooked. It's the small, neglectedtroubles that so often lead to seriouskidney ailments. That pain in the"small" of your back; that urinaryirregularity; those headaches andout feeling, may be nature's warningout feeling, may be nature's worningof kidney weakness. Why risk yourlife by neglecting these symptoms?Reach the cause of the trouble whilethere is time begin treating yourkidneys at once with a tried andproven kidney remedy. No need toexperiment Doan's Kidney Pillshave been successfully used inthousands of cases of kidney troublefor over 50 years. Doan's KidneyPills are used and recommendedthroughout the civilized world. Endorsed at home. Read Paris testimony. Mrs. A. L. Burley, 326 Eighthstreet, says: "I have used Doan'sKidney Pills, getting them from theArdery Drug Co., and from the benefit I received, I certainly think theyare a good, reliable remedy. Whenever my kidneys have acted irregularly or my back has been weak andlame, I have used a box or so ofDoan's Kidney Pills. They have always relived me of the complaint."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Burley had. Foster-MilburnCO., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)oWHY CAN'T PARIS HAVE SOMETHING LIVE?Harrodsburg has taken a step inthe right direction. A group of spirited citizens of the capital of Mercer have purchased the old Harrodsburg Fair Grounds for $6,000 for apermanent community gathering andpleasure center. The stockholdersput it up for sale for private townlots, but agreed to take '$1,500 inshares if citizens bought it for community purposes., oSOLDIERS' MAIL.All mailable matter, not exceeding seven pounds, properly packedand addressed to soldiers and othersconnected with the American Expeditionary Forces in Europe may nowbe accepted for mailing without being accompanied with a request ofthe addressee, approved by a commanding officer. No perishable articles will be accepted.By order of the Postoffice Department, at Washington, D. C.J. WALTER PAYNE, P. M.FOR A SPRAINED ANKLE.As soon as possible after the injuryis received get a bottle of Chamberlain's Liniment and follow the plainprinted directions which accompanythe bottle.(may-adv)may both derive saiisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings ua.ISATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD! jWith all the latest improvements in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we areprepared to do work infeA ror t none ana solicityourr patronage.DEAN CHALKLEY PAYS TRIBUTE TO CAPT. KEUBENHUTCHCBAET.In the last issue of the KentuckyLaw Journal, appears the followingtribute to the memory of the lateCapt. Reuben B. Hutchcraft, ofParis, from the pen of Dean LymanChalkley, Dean of the Law Collegeof the University of Kentucky, inwhich Capt. Hutchcraft was a lecturer on law subjects before the callto the colors came:"A man's life is measured in timeby a span, but its worth by his deedsof contribution ,to the spiritual treasury of his people."The life of Captain Hutchcraftwas a distinct product of the socialand religious ideals of the Blue GrassKentucky traditions, a very faithfuland genuine exemplar of a very decided type. Simple in tastes, generous in impulses, loving in disposition,steadfast and courageous in all relations, a pubuic spirit was bred inhim. He belonged not to himself,nor was he the subject of mere family domination, but he recognizedand appreciated his kinship and unity not only with those with whomhe was in immediate contact, but allthose with whom he was connectedthrough the traditional .ties of acommon blood, a common faith, anda common liberty of custom andthought."He was born in Paris, Kentucky,thirty-two years ago. His first impressions were of the rich soil andgenerous nature of his native landHe was educated and received thebachelor's degree in arts at Transylvania University at Lexington. Bothat home and in the University lifewas discovered to him as a charge oflove, of duty, of devotion to principle, and of obligation to his relationships. "Under the spur of this impulse,having received a vision of wider opportunity for usefulness, he decidedto study law at Harvard, where hegraduated in 1910. On his return heundertook the practice of his profession at Paris. Very soon the callcame from his people that he shouldoffer for membership in the GeneralAssemby of Kentucky, to which hewas elected. While still a representative in the General Assembly, hewas invited to become one of the professors in the Law Department of theUniversity of Kentucky. He wasserving in this capacity when thecall came to his people to send theiryoung men to arms in defense oftheir soil, -their traditions, theirfaith, their liberty, and their posterity. This call he answered eagerlyas the highest opportunity thatcould come to him to serve, and having received the rank of lieutenant,he was sent among the earliest tothe critical danger front in Prance."Four days before the armisticewas signed Captain Hutchcraft waskilled in action, having befqre thattime been promoted to the rank ofCaptain for meritorous service. Inconferring upon him the Distinguished Service Cross after his death r theWar Department said: "For extraordinary heroism in action near Sedan, France, November 7, 1918.Capt. Hutchcraft personally tookcharge of a platoon of his companywhich was designated as advanceguard, and led his patrol to themost advanced position reached byany of the troops during1 the engagement. He was killed while makinga reconnaisance within thirty yardsof the enemy guns.'"In the Legislature Captain Hutchcraft distinguished himself, especially as a member of the Tax Commission, through whose efforts a beneficent revision of the tax laws of theState was accomplished. This service alone will entitle him in hisname and in his reputation to the enduring gratitude of the people ofKentucky. In his capacity of teacher, he proved to have magnetism,enthusiasm, and a power of inspiration, all of which endeared him tohis students and gave promise of agreat career in the' training ofyouth."o"U. S. TIRES ARE GOOD TIRES"I was much pleased with the advertisement of automobile tires I sawthe other day. I had been passingmany enormous board-notices, gaudyin hue, striking in design, and eachclaiming superlative merit for theirtires. "Buy Liverforever Tires!They last like steel!" "Use Rockaway Tires! No other rides sosmoothly!" "You'll come to Ne PlusUltra Tires! Don't wait!" "TheBestofall Tire! Nothing like it!"So the shrieking advertisements vibrated through the landscape.Then I saw the quiet announcement: "Smith tires are good tires."Just that. You can't imagine howrestful it was. Immediately a senseof solid satisfaction came over me."Good tires." No need to bluster andhowl. No need to ransack the dictionary for superlatives. No need torun down competitors. "Smith tiresare good tires." I wanted to buysome at once. Those are the tiresfor me henceforth. "Good tires."That is the same of advertising.Ah, when will people learn the delicious value of quiet, self-respectingsimplicity? From Christian Endeavor World.oThere is more Catarrh in this section of the country than all otherdiseases put together, and for yearsit was supposed to be incurable. Doctors prescribed local remedies, andby constantly failing to cure withlocal treatment, pornounced it incurable. Catarrh is a local disease,greatly influenced by constitutionalconditions and therefore requiresconstitutional treatment. Hall's Catarrh Medicine, manufactured by F.J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio, is aconstitutional remedy, is taken internally and acts through the bloodon the mucous surfaces of the system. One Hundred Dollars reward isoffered for any case that Hall's Catarrh Medicine fail to cure. Send forcirculars and testimonials.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by Druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for constipation. ' (may-adv) -SOUGHT HELPFOR 15 YEARSMeritone Is Only Medicine To EverHelp Long Suffered Case ofStomach Trouble"I have tried for fifteen years tofind a medicine that would help mebut Meritone is the first one that everbrought me any real benefits," saidMrs. W. H. Whitson, of 601 WestShort street, Lexington, Ky."My stomach was all out of order,"Mrs. Whitson continued. "Gas wouldform on my stomach and pained meso much that I just didn't knowwhat I would do. Nothing I ate digested right. My nerves Tvere affected and kept getting worse until finally the least noise would excite meand I could hardly sleep at night.Had Lone Soudit Relief"For fifteen years I have been trying to find a medicine that wouldhelp this condition, but nothing thatI tried brought any results. Somany people praised Meritone, however, that I decided to try it."Since taking Meritone my stomach is back in perfect order. I caneat anything I want without any gasin my stomach afterward or anytrouble afterward at all. The indigestion is gone. My nerves are better also and I sleep fine at night."I am making this statement forpublication of my own free will for Ifeel that everybody should knowabout Meritone."Meritone, the tonic of real merit,is sold exclusively in Paris by G.S. Varden & Son. (adv)oThe word "kaiser" is derived fromthe old German "casare," from theLatin "Caesar."oIt has been estimated that thereare quite 300,000,000 images of thevarious gods of India.FOR RENT.House, stable, garden and cow lot,on Cypress street. Immediate possession. (29-tf) DR. F. P. CAMPBELL.Taken UpAsEstrayThere recently came to my placeon the Bethlehem pike, a bay marewith halter on. Owner may call onthe premeises, on Rural Route No. 8,Bethlehem pike, prove property, andpay all charges, including cost ofadvertising.W. S. THOMAS,Box 153, R. F. D. No. 8.The J. W. BrownRealty Co.Masonic Temple. 211 Main Street,Paris. Kentucky.List your Farms and City Propertywith us. Call on us if you have anything to dispose of at Public Auction.E. T. Phone 831. (tf)OLD MAN HARRISEditor of the Kentucky Oil Journalof Louisville, has made scores of hisreaders from ?100 to $800 on "insidetips" on oil and mining stocks tellswhat is good, buys, and what is badfree to his subscribers only. Sample copy free. Map of Kentucky oilfields 16x25 inches wash drawingand a beauty free to .agents whowill take subscriptions for me amongtheir friends. The Journal is 16Lpages, illustrated, now $2 per year,soon ?5. 411-12 inter southernBuilding, Louisville, Ky.(8apr-tf-T)Health Board Notice.Property owners are hereby notified to put all cesspools, privies andvaults in good sanitary condition atan ' early date as possible. CallCumberland phone 515 and leave orders for Ben Hawkins, or see him inperson.It is with much difficulty that aman capable or willing to do suchwork can be found and the people ofthis community may congratulatethemselves upon the privilege of securing his services at this time.Hawkins will remain in Paris but ashort, while. The Board can not urgenrnn thp TrnnertJ owners too strong-(ly the importance of complying withthis order. .A. H. KELLER,City Health Officer.By Order Board of Health.(9-4t)Bring UsYour Cream!Regardless of competitors' prices, we willpay MORE.BusyBeeCashStore(may2-4w) , , ' , -Auto For SaleFive-passenger Cadillac Eighty infine condition. Call on or address,GEO. R. DAVIS,rNo. 20 Fifth St., Paris, Ky.Phones 137. (ff-tf)Used Fords For Sale.One Ford touring car and one Fordroadster, both in A-l condition.OAKLAND MOTOR SALES CO.108 Tenth Street, Paris, Ky.(6-3t)MM I i I I i Mii 1 1 1 IIThe J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSANI MMBALMMRSMainand SixthStreetsParisMotor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.HHMtmttlH Ml MM MM M I'MM"I"M"M 1' ItMMHNew Exchange TelephoneRates Effective May 1, 1919A new schedule- of telephone exchange rates become effective in Paris, Millersburg, North Middletown, Little Rock, Buddies Mills, May I, by Direction of the Operating Board of the"United States Telegraph' and Telephone Administration, actingunder the order of the Postmaster General of the United States.As you know, all of the lines and property of this companyare inHhe possession, control and are being operated by theUnited States Government under the direction of the Postmaster General of the United States. ;The new rates are necessary in order that additional revenue may be secured by the government to meet the increasedoperating expenses; The causes which make greater revenuenecessary are due to the new conditions and the new price levels introduced by the war and are entirely beyond the controlof the United States Telegraph and Telephone Administration orof the Telephone Company.More than two years ago the Company foresaw that the telephone system would be operated at a loss unless the ratescould be adjusted to meet the increasing costs of all elementsentering into the production of service. A similar rate adjustment would have been unavoidable under private controland the new rate schedule is practically the same we would havesought in 1918 if the government had not taken possession ofour property.As stated by the Postmaster General, the owners of the telephone system do not benefit in any way from rates changes.Practically all of the increased operating expenses which require this additional revenue are .due to increased wages paidto employes to enable them to meet the new conditions of life inthe present day.It is neither practicable nor desirable to reduce wages, and sofar as wages are concerned we believe that portion of the increased operating expenses to be permanent.The new rate schedule is fair and reasonable and the percentage of increased revenue, which it will produce is much lower than the increased cost of other services and commodities ofComplete detailed information about the new rates may beobtained at the manager's office. We are' making every effortto change our records promptly, and your courteous consideration will be appreciated.CUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAin J TELEGRAPH COMPANY(InoorporaUigWanted.Good white girl to cook and dogeneral house work. Apply toF. H. RANKIN,Home Phone 90. 543 Hanson St.(8-2t)For SaleNew Ford Roadster.JOHN M. STUART,At Blue Grass Oil Exchange, Inc.(fj-tf) Main St., Paris, Ky.M 1 H MM4M MMM II 1 1 1 1 IIHKy.Day phone 36Night : . . 56or Home 286Jm! "TUESDAY, MAY 13, 1919THE BOTJRBOH HEWS, PABIS, XEHTOCKTfAGEg SAVES LABOR JIE SAVES TIME MMjk saves soap CrSimple Pleasures Best.How sweet and wholesome are thepleasures that go into small roomthe humble, simple, afccustomed sightsand sounds that bring the soul at onceinto the open air. Henry, WardBeecher.For hudling materials in bulk apower shovel has been invented thatcan be mounted on any motor truck.33urton JsI Confectionery Store 1Successor to Adami & Santi.AGENT FOR M. IBOLDMANUEL, COUNSELOR,AND SONABA CIGARSAdami's Famous Recipe forjj making delicious Ice Cream,Soda water ana MixeaDrinks still used.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There,, andElsewhere.Bulk Ice Cream(Made from Pure Cream)delivered for home use.jjjj Fancy Ices for PartiesHIGH CLASS BOXCANDIES.Mrs. Clarence Gifford has returned to her home in this city from avisit to friends in Winchester.Mr. Custis L. Talbott is confined to his home on Houston avenuewith. an. attack of rheumatism.Miss Jesse Abbett has returnedto her home near Paris, from Tucson,Arizona, where she spent the winter.Mrs. Thos. Napier has returnedto her home near Paris, after a visitto Mr. and Mrs. Lewis Mitchell andfamily, in Mt. Sterling.Mr. Albert Houston, who has recently returned from England, is aguest of his sister, Mrs. SpearsMoore and Mr. Moore, in this city.Robert Shea and Fred M. Fisterare in Paducah attending the Stateconvention of Knights of Columbus,as delegates from P. I. McCarthyCouncil, of Paris.Mr. John F. McCarthy, chiefclerk in the local freight office of theLouisville & Nashville, attended themeeting o'f the Brotherhood of Railway Clerks, in session in Cincinnati,yesterday.Dr. J. A. Hammond, of FortWorth. Texas, is a guest of the family of Mr. M. J. Murphy, in NorthMidletown. Mrs. Hammond, who is asister of Mrs. Murphy, will return toFort Worth with Dr. Hammond.Mrs. Woodford Daniel and MissNancy Griffith have returned from avisit to Mr. and Mrs. Frank O'Neiland family, in Philadalphia. Theyalso visited friends in New York.Westifield, New York, and otherplaces in the East, returning by wayof Washington,. D. C.After an absence of thirty-sevenyears, during which he had beenback to his old home ,but once, Mr.John F. Lloyd, of Independence,Kansas, is visiting old friends inNorth Middletown and vicinity. Mr.Lloyd's last visit to his former homewas about eleven years ago. He findsParis and North Middletown wonderfully changed.(Other Personals on Page 5)HONORROLL OP THECITY SCHOOLSPARISGETTING THEIR HATS INPOLITICAL RING.THEan1For the BEST, See Us,FrxESx;Capt. L. J. McCoy, newspaper man,at present recording clerk in theoffice of the Secretary of State, willbe a candidate for the Republicannomination for that office in theAugust primary, it is said. CaptainMcCoy was formerly a law partner ofthe late Boone Logan, of Pineville.Lieut. Cecil Williams, of Somerset, Ky., who has been on duty withthe War Risk Bureau Department, inWashington, contemplates becominga candidate for the Democratic nomination for Secretary of State andhas gone home to look over the fieldjn connection with his candidacy.QI Of the fifteen lines comprising the! system of Chinese government rail1 ways, only one was built by the Chi-j3 nese tnemseiYes.yta aaaata aaeaaQa$$ecfteeoQaagaQ iaamMKmMKMMmMMMMttSlMmESMmMMMMrm&c MmJRnmmWmMtBMMk tmmmMm fF7Mm MMM1 " l in S iif f MM !DETROIT VAPORSTOVESFor Every Season of the YearWinter or summer, spring or fall, a Detroit Vaporstove gives the same perfect cooking and baking as a modern city gas range. Detroit Vapor Stoves have sturdygas stove construction and operate just as easily.They Work Like GasBurn Oil, Gasoline or DistillateThere are no wicks or wick substitutes in a DetroitVapor Stove. Durable 8 1:2 pound iron burners vaporizethe fuel, so a'gas is burned. Detroit Vapor Stove gives19 hours of cooking to a gallon. Come in a see one work.We handle them exclusively for this territory.The following is the Honor Rollfor the first six grades of the ParisCity School for the eighth month, assubmitted by Supt. Lee Kirkpatrick.The report shows an increased number on the Honor Roll for the eighthmonth over the seventh month. Toget your name on this Honor Rollyou must make an average of 90 percent., and have no absent or tardymarks.FIRST GRADE.Hazel Bryan 96, Isabel Isgrig 96,Thelma Landes 93, Vivian Landes 96,Dorothy Lilleston 96, Virginia Smelser 96, Mae Parker 95, Clemma Mann93, Billie Baldwin 93, Elmer Curtis93, Jamie Wilson 93, William Huffman 94, Anna Kathryn Savage 97,Ruby Hogan 95, Lula Buchanan 94,Anna Lee Watson 94, Josephine McCord 94, John O. Allen 94, IrvinEwalt 94, Edward Floyd 94, RobertShelton 93, Eugene Hilton-93, JamesEades 93, Herbert T. Miller 93,Bourbon McCarty 93, KatherineDaugherty 93, Bourbon K. Siler 91,Marmaduke Buchanan 91, NaomiHutchison 90, Other Cottingham 90,Virginia Howard 90, Naomi Cavanaugh 90.Teachers, Mrs. Harris, MissesLilleston and Layton.SECOND GRADE.Sam Kerslake 93, Camille Perkins90, Eloine Smith 92, Sidney Redmon 94, Lawrence Mullen 92, Elizabeth Whitley 96, Melvin Femoick 92,Bonnie Lee Perkins 93, Jouitt Elmore 92, Ethel Fightmaster 94,Nancy C. Baldwin 94, Edna EarlRummans 92, Elizabeth M. Hinton91, Louise Slicer 94, Ruth Bowles 92,Robert Hopkins 95, Mary FormanVarden 96, Sadie Blake 95, VirgilGaitskill 91, Jessie Herrin 95, HazelBuchanan 95, Elizabeth Ingram 94,William Amyx 94, Dorothy McCord94, Harry Lancaster 93, Anna TerryParrent 93, Bayless Morrison 93,Eva Roberts 93, Prentice Burton 93,Louis Elvove 92, Elsey Tucker 92,Ella May Brown 91, Genevieve Dockenbrode 90, Marie Foley 90.Teachers, Misses Talbott and Whaley. THIRD GRADE.Katherine McNamara 90, Elizabeth Douglass 90, John T. Bower 90,Graham Ewalt 90, Marcia Rowland91, Dorothy Strother 91, Alma Neal91, Kenney Williams 91, L. U. Chappell 91, Imogene Fryman 92, EdwardShout 92, Louise Bannister 92, Florence McCarty 92, Vivian Smith 93;William Marshall 94, Lillian Fish94, Thenosha McCord 95, Katie Irvine 95, Catherine Borland 93, JessieGregg 94, Martha Hall 94, AnnaHogan 91, Noah Hinton 95, MaryEleanor Isgrigg 96, Ruth Lee 93,Edna Stuart 90, Orie Harp 91, Burdette Sanders 91, Eleanor Swearengen 92, Martha Ray 95.Teachers, Mrs. Stone, Miss Purnell.FOURTH GRADE.Harriet Kerslake 97, Susan How-lard 97, Mildred Greene 96, BiyanRedmon 95, Harvey Hill 95, CharlesCook 94. Rosalie Friedman 93,Graves Patoh 92, Katherine Towler92, Joe Collier 91, T. J. Judy 91,.Lucy Westerfield 91, Zona Ray 92,Jessie Irvine 96, Kady Elvove 95,James Wilmoth 95, Hazel Maxey 93,H. B. Hill 92, Sarah Elvove 92,Myrtle Donaway 92, Jewell Farrow91.Teachers, Misses Lenihan and Talbott.FIFTH GRADE.Marie Bishop 96, Billy Wilson 92,Ann C. Talbott 97, Edward Delaney94, William Hinton 96, Lillian Taylor 96, Dudley Deaver 9b, Gertrude Smelser 97, Alice Burton yi,Lily Burns 92, Edith Bowles 94, Harry Baldwin 92, Rebecca Collier 97,Ethel Dickinson 93, Elise Morrison97, Pearl Longo 93, Joe Varden 95,Rosa Mae Carr 94, Howard Pendleton 91, William M. Rankin 92.Teachers, Misses Brannon and Ditwiller. ' SIXTH GRADE.Frances Clark 94, Gladys Farmer94, Henry Sandusky 94, GertrudeLykins 93, Frances Redmon 92, Elmeta Douglass 91, Ruth Lovell 91,Ethel Mae Shankland 91, KatherineYoung 91, Nell Winn Hinton 90,Susie Leach 90, Ruby Lovell 90, Elizabeth Mason 90, Clarence Mullins90.Teachers, Anna Farrel, Julia Clark.oJNOW WHAT DO YOU MEAN X"CONSIDERATIONS"Everybody makes mistakes sometimes. One of the most ludicrous,though, was that made in Wednesday's Lexington Leader, when the"make-up man" transposed the headings "Real Estate Transfers" and"Marriage Licenses," bringing prospective brides and grooms under theheading "Real Estate Transactions."oSALVATION ARMY " DRIVE INWEEK OF JUNE 23-28.June 23 to' June 28, will be thedates 'on which the Salvation Armydrive in Kentucky will be conducted,it was announced at the State campaign headquarters. Kentucky'squota in the $13,000,000 campaignwill be $350,000. The quotas bydistricts have not yet been decidedupon.The Sunday preceding the campaign will be set aside as "SalvationArmy Sunday," on which day all theministers of the State will be askedto help the cause by referring to thecampaign in their sermons.oWORTH THE PRICE?Old&Rosebud OilGas CompanyParis, KentuckyTHE OLD ROSEBUD OIL & GAS CO.,jjfD' composed of Paris business men, announces to the publicthe perfection or its orgamztaion, and the purchase of valuable oil and gas rights in Lee, Estill and Owsley counties; it alsoannounces the offering of a limited amount of stock at25c-PAR VALUE $1.00iCounty leasesl mile of theWe have made a location on one of our Leewhich adjoins production, and which lays withinheart or the Big Sinking pool.For the consideration of the investing public, we submit the following.OrganizationIThe Old Rosebud Oil and Gas Company is a Delaware corporation capitalized at $500,000. The following directors havebeen selected to govern the affairs of the corporation:O. L. Davis, farmer, Paris, Ky.Harry B. Clay, farmer and oil producer, Paris, Ky.W. C. Bell, farmer, Paris, Ky.Dr. C. G. Daugherty,, physician, Paris, Ky.L. D. Harris, real estate broker, Paris, Ky.O. T. Hinton, attorney, Paris, Ky.Wm. Shire, jeweler, Paris, Ky.J. W. Young, stockman and farmer, Parish Ky.F. P. Thompson, oil producer, Lexington, Ky.W. W. Mitchell, banker, Paris, Ky. ' .The officers are as followsPresident Dr. C. G. Daugherty.Vice President Harry B. Clay.Secretary O. L. Davis.Treasurer W. W. Mitchell.Field Manager F. P. Thompson.Offices will be maintained in Paris, Ky.HoldingsThe company has closed a deal for 146 acres within less thawa mile of some of the biggest wells in the Big Sinking district ofLee County. Prospects on this lease look good for 50-barrel wellsat the least. We have made two locations on this lease and willmove a machine to it at once.We also contemplate test wells on the 100-acre Gabbardlease near the present Hell Creek production in Lee County; alsoon4 the Baker lease in the Ross Creek section of Estill County.We expect to close a deal shortly for some production in theBig Sinking district, which we are now negotiating.Stock Now 25c; Par Value $1.00( We reserve the right to "withdraw stock from market at anytime without notice.)A. F. Wheeler & Co.CHAS. GREEN, -ManagerMain and Third Streets, Opposite Court HouseOLD ROSEBUD OIL & GAS CO.(Incorporated.)PARIS, KENTUCKYHarris & Speakes, Selling AgentsParis, Kentuckyi a MMMMfttttnttrtiWhat has become of that old-fashionedKaiser who once proudly declared that he "would stand no nonsense from America?"&SThe Tampav Fla., Times says that8,000 personsv were converted atBilly Sunday's meetings there andthe cost was but $14,000, or about$1.75 a head. Considering thestories, not to use the shorter anduglier word, that the average Tampian tells about its advantages a-ndwonderful climata it is worth thecost to save such souls.mimmmmmmmIndia holds the record for images.It has been estimated that there arequite 300,000,000 images of the various gods there.o . 'Normally there are 3 50. births to70 deaths daily in London.Wilmoth'sFreshHome Baked Breads,Cakes, Pies, Etc.DailyFreshMeats,Roasts,Steaks,Chops, Fancy Goods.FamousCoffees and TeasWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376Blue Crass Oil Exchange(Incorporated)Kentucky Oil Securities bought andsold at Open Call Sessions every8:00 p. m.4:00 p. m.8:00 p. m.Two Sales Saturday.STREETNext to N. KrienerWednesday .Saturday . .Saturday . .One Sale Wednesday.418 MAINCumb. Phone 313&HAVE YOUGOT A BABY?If you have you should have aKERRY OR DEXTER COWThese breeds were never known to havetuberculosis. Presh cows with calves, registered.(ap25-6t)XALAPA FARMTlphM3N7Send That Next Job of Printing to TheBourbon News. Best Work; Right Prices.page poraTHE BOUBBON HEWS, PABIS, KEHTOCKTUESDAY, MAY 13, 1919ANOTHER LIBERTY BONDDAY THURSDAY.PAYThe United States will have another great pay day on May 15th,when $78,000,000 in Liberty Bondinterest will be paid to the Americanpeople. If every bond-holder clipshis interest coupons and exchangesthem for May War Savings Stampsat any postoffice or bank, this willgrok to $93,000,000 on Janury 1,1924. Get your share. Every $4.16in War Savings Stamps will grow to$5.00. Keep your dollars growing.L. A. WILSON,Government Director, Eighth Federal Reserve District.oKEEN INTEREST SHOWN.Keen interest is being shown bymany counties in the State in theFanners' Community Meetings,which were mentioned recently.These meeting of three days each,should be of great value to anyneighborhood or county. Full information concerning them can be obtained by writing to the headquarters of the State Deyelopment Committee. Board of irade Building,Louisville.Auto For 5aleThree-passenger Studebaker roadster, good as new. Will demonstrate-it. Call Cumberland Phone 552.(13-tf) S. E. McCLANAHAN.Alfalfa and Stock FarmsIn the famous black paririe belt ofNortheast Mississippi, ranging from50 to 200 acres.Write for literature and prices.MISSISSIPPI FARM SALES'AGENCY,Columbus, Miss.(tilll3june)Situation Wanted.By experienced discharged soldier,clerical position. Prefer assistantDookkeeping or typewriting. Address"W. C," this Office.(13-2t)PARIS METHODIST CHURCH INGREAT CENTENARY DRIVEExecutor's SaleA great drive will be started nextSunday, May 18, in every Methodistchuich in the United State to raise$120,000,000 for missions and worldreconstruction. Of this sum theNorthern 'Methodists will raise $85,000,000 and the Southern Methodists$35,000,000, and the two branchesof the church will subscribe thisvast sum in one week, May ISth to25th. The subscriptions will be paidwithin the next five years.Reinforced by this great sum ofmoney American Methodists will increase their missionary activities,home and foreign, four or five hundred per cent, and will spend millions in the devastated areas ofEurope in humanitarian and gospeleffort.The church everywhere seems torealize that the present world crisis affords an unparalleled opportunity for the cause of Christian Missions and all branches of Christendom" are planning expansion on avast scale in their missionary endeavor. The Methodist churches werethe first to launch such a forwardmovement and the bigness of thetask they have undertaken has inspired the faith of all churches.The local Methodist church is ambitious to sustain the reputationBourbon County has made for herself in the various war drives and istherefore planning to oversubscribeits quota on the first day of thedrive. To this end they are planning a big rally day at the churchnext Sunday and they hope to haveevery member of the church presenton that day. Luncheon will be served to all present in the basement ofthe church at the noon hour. Immediately after luncheon and afterthose present have had a chance tosubscribe, a half a score of teamsconsisting of five members each, andheaded by a team captain will startout to canvass every man, womanand child in the church that happens not to be present at the service.It is confidently expected that the results of this day's effort will resultin a considerable over-subscriptionof the church's quota, but if anymembers are not reached on that daythe teams will not cease their worktill every single member of thechurch has been interviewed.Let every Methodist in the countv(rally to this cause and 'to the get-together meeting next Sunday. It isa great day of opportunity for thechurch. Let Christian people .everywhere rise and answer the challengeof this new day of glorious privilegeand responsibility!OF-Household and KitchenFurnitureNEW YORK SUPREME COURT DECIDES AGAINST JUDGEHOWARD. vThe undersigned Executor of Mrs.Mabel It. Frank, deceased, will, onSaturday, May 17, 1919beginning at 2 o'clock in the afternoon, at the residence of the deceasedon the corner of High and Broadway,Paris, Kentucky, expose to publicsale to the highest and best bidder,the household and kitchen furnitureof the deceased.This is the greatest opportunity thepublic has had to purchase at public auction such beautiful househaldeffects, and the undersigned feelssafe in saying that there cannot befound more exquisite furniture thanthat which will be sold at this sale.The personal property to be soldat this sale includes among manyother beautiful things the following:Exquisite sold mahogany bed roomset, consisting of a beautiful doublerolled-top bed with easy box mattressthereon, large bureau with mirrorabout 3 by 4 feet, large standingmirror about 2 by 5 feet, one largeleather rocking chair, one largeleather chair, one small leather chairand large chiffonier. All of this furniture matches and many other beautiful things, the following:Also two beautiful mahoganychiffoniers, inlaid mahogany table,several mahogany rocking chairs,small and large. Also mahoganycombination desk and book case andlarge chiffonier. Cherry bed andlarge cherry bureau, wonderful dining room, set consisting of the following: Large table, side-board, Chinacloset, serving table and chairs.Large mahogany pedestal, 2' ma-iiogany-leatherchairs and settee.Also ebony chairs and. music stand.Also lot of beautiful antiques as follows: Antique mahogany mantel clock,large rosewood umbrella and hatrack; rosewood sofa and chairs; veryold inlaid English folding chair.;Some oak furniture consisting ofoak chairs, hat rack and other kindsof oak furniture. Mission leathersofa. Also a great many beautifulrugs, both large and small, used bythe decedent in her library, livingroom, dining room and other roomsof the house.A great many pictures, ornaments,"bric-a-brac, cut glass and silver.A lot of lace curtains and windowshades.Gas cooking range, coal range andgas heater. Lot of linoleum onkitchen, and pantry floors. Lot ofcooking utensils and kitchen furniture and other items too numerous tomention.A portion of the above describedfurniture belongs to Mrs. Macie W.Fithian, but will be sold by the undersigned Executor.TERMS OF SALE All items under $50.00 will be cash. Amountsover 50.00 purchaser may executenote due three months after date,with surety, to be approved of by the"Sxecutor, with' 6 per cent, interestfrom date of sale.BOTOBOH - AGRICULTURAL BANK. TRUST COMPANY,EVrnnr of Mrs. Mabel Frank, de-Jceased.Gk. D. Speakee, Auctioneer.(13-2t) 'i iThe New York Commercial andFinancial World, published in NewYork City, in its issue of a recentdate, has the following regarding theoutcome of the suit which Judge H.Clay Howard, of Paris, institutedsome time ago in New York againstthe banking firm of Breitung & Co.:"A matter that is attracting muchattention in financial circles just nowis the decisive victory that has justbeen won by the well-known banking firm of Breitung & Co., of No. 11Pine street, New York City."This was a suit which wasbrought against the firm about threeyears ago by Judge Henry Clay Howard, of Paris, Bourbon county, Ky.,ex-TJnited States Minister to Peru,who sued to recover $600,000, alleged to be due to mm as nis snare orprospective profits in certain irrigation enterprises in Peru."On Monday last a judgment wasfiled in the Supreme Court, dismissing the suit. After the trial thecourt held that Judge Howard hadfailed to offer reasonable proof ofhis claim."Mr. Breitung, of course, has neverfor a moment expected any other outcome of the proceedings. He is aboutthe last man in the world to resista just claim, but he knew that JudgeHoward had no shadow of right anhis side, and that, sooner or later,the" courts would so decide."OLEIXA TEMPLE TO HOLD SUMMER CEREMONIAL.Paris members of OleiKa Temple,Ancient Order Nobles of the MysticShrine, have received cards of invitation to the Summer Ceremonial, tobe held inJLexington, on Friday, May30. The program embraces a big parade of Shriners, at one o'clock, p.m.; Ceremonial Session at 2:00 p.m.; Banquet at Phoenix Hotel at8:00 p. m., and Dance at the MasonicTemple from 9:00 p. m. to 7:00 a.m. With all the arrangements being perfected under the direction ofRecorder Billy Yent, the SummerCeremonial is sure to prove one ofOleika Temple's most interesting entertainments. . ,oB-4 HREInsure withW.O. HINTON &SON,AgtsLIGHTNING TIRES POUR BIG OILTANKS.Lightning struck a tanjt , ; of, theCarter Oil Company, D. b! Pendergrass lease in the Big Sinking district of Lee county during the stormrecently, setting it afire and causinga conflagration which destroyed four250-barrel tajiks full of oil and damaged the Cumberland Pipe1 Line Company's gravity line. The loss is estimated at ? 4,0 00. The tanks ofHudson & Collins and several otherleases were endangered by the blaze,which, however, after hard work offield men, was finally gotten undercontrol. The damage to the pipe linehas been repaired.oFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanoScientists say that we are nevernearer death than when we sneeze.J the act causing a momentary convulsion of the brain.COUNCIL PROCEEDINGSAfter the transaction of routinebusiness at the recent meeting of theCity Council, Mayor E. B. Januaryannounced the selection of the following gentlemen as members of theCity Tax Commission, the selectionbeing approved by the Council: A.A. Hancock, Jas. R. Stivers and DanW. Peed. The Mayor reported thata number of needed improvementshad been made on the city's rockcrushing outfit and that the machinery was now in first-class shape.Dr. J. T. Vansant appeared beforethe Council and presented severalpetitions signed by property-ownersprotesting against the laying of theproposed new brick streets. Onlyone of the petitions was read, all being of the same nature. The resolution in regard to the streets beingpaved with brick was recently passed at a meeting of the City Council.Councilman Merringer, who has beenan active champion of the measure,stated that an ordinance calling forthe laying of brick streets would bepresented to the Council at its nextmeeting for consideration. A committee composed of CouncilmenKiser, Veatch and Doyle, was appointed to ascertain what per centof the property-owners had 'signedthe petitions and report at the nextmeeting.City Clerk Haydon's reports showed that collections on back taxes duethe city, as made by him, amountedto the sum of $4,524.20. Requestsby members of the Colored YoungMen's Dancing Club for permissionto hold dances in the U. B. F. Hall,on Eighth street, during the Junecommencements were denied.The Council refuser! to no.r.p-ni- thasum of $50 tendered by the KentuckyTraction & Terminal Co., in paymentof a bill sent them by the city for$100.66 for alleged damages. Thebill was to cover alleged damages tothe fire alarm system of the city byone of the Traction Company's highvoltage wires coming in contact withthe fire alarm wires. The TractionCompany at a conference betweenthe Mayor, the City Attorney andofficials of the company, made theabove tender, which was refused, anddemand made, for payment of the fullamount.Councilman Merringer called specialattention to the enforcement of theordinance passed by 'the Council atits previous meeting placing a licenseof five dollars a day upon persons soliciting subscriptions for any newspaper or periodical where a prize orprizes is offere'd by the solicitor orwhere a contest is involved.This city ordinance, which hasbeen in effect since the passing ofthe license ordinance on May 1, making it illegal to solicit subscriptionsto newspapers where any premiumor gift was offered as a prize withoutpaying a license of $5 per day, wasfinally acted on. There has been aconsiderable amount of argumentation over the section referred to,and an attempt was made to changethe ordinance so that "certain interests" would be allowed special privileges, and go on with a contest already started. Councilmen Veatch,Kiser and Doyle voted for changingthe ordinance, while CouncilmenMerringer, Christman, Nichols andArkle voted in favor of leaving theordinance the way it had been unanimously adopted at the previousmeeting. The home papers are verygrateful to those members of theCouncil who voted to portect the interests of the home enterprises, andnot allow outsiders to come in andinfringe on Paris territory withoutpaying the required license.The following building permitswere granted: George D. Speakes,residence in East Paris, to cost $7,500; Frank Skillman, two-storyresidence on Second street, to cost$2,500, and Frank Collier, garage onMt. Airy avenue, cost $300.Before the adjournment of theCouncil, Councilman S. Kenney Nichols, representing the Second Ward,tendered his resignation as a member of the body, stating that hisbusiness interests required it, andthat he would have to devote moretime to that. The resignation wasaccepted, and Mr. Catesby Spears, ofthe firm of E. F. Spears & Sons, wasselected to succeed. Both the retiring and incoming members areexcellent business men. Mr. Spearswill make a valuable member of theCouncil.INSURANCE.Fire, Tornado, Lightning,Automobile and Hail.YERKES & PEED.(janl4-tf)RUGS AND CARPETS CLEANEDIN MODERN STYLE.Don't worry about your rugs. Letus clean and reflnish them. Newand modern machinery just installedfor that purpose. Ask those whohavet ried our plant. .(6-tf) LEVY, THE DRY CLEANER.COAL AND OIL MAKING BIG L. &N. SHIPMENTS.Long trains of cars loaded withcoal and oil from the mineral andoil fields of Kentucky are passingthrough Paris every day, there being an average of fifty cars to thetrain. The traffic in coal is becomingheavier every day, and it is not anuncommon sight to see long trains ofcars loaded with coal passingthrough. The mountains are yielding up their stored wealth aftermany months of inactivity, with theresult that there will be an icomingtide of money to the State at large.The oil business is also bringingthousands of dollars into the Stateevery week.MONEY RIGHT IN YOUR HANDFOR EGGS, POULTRYAND JUNK."foreggs,Highest cash pricepoultry, hides and junk.MUNICH & WIDES CO.,(11-tf) Eighth Street, Paris, KyioAre they going to prohibit a highMl on ,the steeple? xSlflMflMMMflMMPARBOEENCOMPANY(INCORPORATED)Paris, KentuckyJAMES CALDWELL DR. JL M. WILLIAMSPresident Vice PresidentCLARENCE K, THOMAS OSCAR T. HINTONTreasurer SecretaryCAPT. WM. COLLINSField ManagerBuy stock in a company that is notmaking wild promises, but one that canshow you FACTS AND FIGURES that areconservative and at the same time willlook almost too good to be true. We havemade no statements but what can beproven.Let our salesman talk over theboken stock to you.Par-i11SUBSCRIBE TO DAYat5QcI . ivw YHhimIM M- fill WxEsaHKCopyright 1919. A. B. Kinchbaom Go.MEN'S AND YOUNG MEN'S CLOTHES!v What You Can Expect in Our ClothesStyles The liveliest to be had. Everything new.Fabrics All wool fabrics for long wear and good style.Variety- Styles sor every one. Patteerns for every tasteYou can expect -all these, in our clothes and oack of these stands our satisfaction mrantee. j The tastes of men and young men are carefully looked after in the making- ofnnrclothes and value given the first consideration. The fcf O El J. tfiip ajbest values in town are here for you pJLJCb9U tO $45a007th and MainR. P. WALSHOne-Price StoreParis, Ky.Ismia(JHff jTHE BOTJRBOH HEWS, PAEIS, KEHTTTCTrP1GI TITOTUESDAY, MAY 13, 1919itmi'FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEWOOL WANTEDWill pay highest marketprice. Sacks furnished free.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(aprl8-tf)oTENNESSEE STRAWBERRIESWe are receiving- fine strawberriesdirect from, the patch every day.They are guaranteed to be fresh.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.oAUTOS COLLIDE.A machine in which Albert Siiappand three companions were returningto Paris from Lexington, collidedwith another machine coming frombehind knocking it from the road andsmashing down the whaeis. The machine was not overturned, and theoccupants escaped injury.oTHE WEEK'S WEATHERWeather predictions for 'the weekbeginning Monday are: Ohio ValleyNormal temperature will prevailand showers probable by first halfand generally fair second half. Normal temperature.The past week was a dreary, rainsoaked and dismal one for all concerned. For a few moments Sundayafternoon the smiling face of thesun was seen, but old "increasingcloudiness" soon drew a mask overthe features of Old Sol and kept itthere.oSTRAW HATS ARE READYEvery good style may be had herenow ?2 up.J. W. DAVIS & CO.. oGIFTS FOR GRADUATES.We have prepared for the seasonof Graduation and commencements,for the reign of the sweet girl graduate is near. An array of beautifulgifts for the boys, too. Come in andlet us help you make a selection.THE A. J. WINTERS, CO.(13-tf) (Incorporated.)oPOLICE ON TRAIL OF FALSE FIREALARM BIDS.SOCIAL AISD PERSONAL..Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.For several months the Paris firedepartment has been annoyed by responding to a series of alarms fromboxes located in different sections ofthe city, all proving, on investigation, to be false alarms, no fire being discovered in the vicinity of thebox.The police department has beent!toti q nliiA -ohir'.'h iR hfinT followedup, andv arrests are expected soon. It .is alleged that the false fire alarmshave been turned in by small boys,both white and colored, who wantedto see the auto truck run. Theoffense carries, upon conviction, astiff fine. It is hoped the nuisancewill be broken up, and the right parties caught.oYES. BUT WHADDA MEAN?The Earis correspondence of theLexington Herald has the followingin Sunday's issue. Can you solve theproblem?"A few months ago people couldbe heard asking the question, 'Whydoes not the city put down brickstreets or some other kind of permanent street improvement in order tostop the dust nuisance?' Councilman Merringer got busy and introduced the matter for passage beforethe City Council with putting downbrick streets where the city paid thecost reversed themselves and thusstopped the dust nuisance by puttingdown brick streets where the citypaid the cost reversing themselvesand began circulating petitions thatbrick streets were not needed and ifbuilt now would break them up.Eivdently the shoe pinched tootight."o-BEST FEED FOR PIGS.Just arrived, fresh car Pig Meal.Best feed ever fed a pig.(13-lt) W. C. DODSON.oATTENTION! KNIGHTS OFCOLUMBUS.Every Knight should have achirrrt, button or stick pin. Seeour beautiful line before buying. Any special design madeup at your suggestion.THE A. J. WINTERS CO.(may6-tf)oMOTHER'S DAY OBSERVEDNotice the man with a white orred carnation on the lapel of his coatSunday? Mother's Day! That waswhy the flower was there a whitecarnation for the beloved motherwho is now but a blessed memory,and the red carnation, for the motherffhose livinsr nresence blesses allaround her. Most of us celebratedMother's Day in just the way shewould like best in rememberingand loving her, and in her memoryor for her sake, by doing some kindact for her, or for someone she loved,or in her memory, when she has beennumbered among the saints who havegone before.There were many happy mothersin Paris Sunday, happy in the knowledge that they were rememberedmany supremely happy and contented in knowledge of the fact that theirsons had been restored to them afterlong service in a war-torn country.And for those who are still over therethere are mothers here in Pariswhose prayers are still going upnightly for the boys' safe return.Mrs. Lawrence Price has returned from a visit to her mother, in Eminence. Miss Mary Rourke has returnedfrom a visit to friends and relativesin Connersville, Indiana.Mrs. Leonard Watson has returned from a visit to friends- andrelatives in Winchester.Mrs. J. M. Casey has returned toher home in Lancaster, after a visitto Mrs. Bettie Mcllvaine, in this city.Miss Anna Berry, who has spentthe winter in St. Petersburg, Florida,is a guest of her sister, Mrs. FrankP. Lowry, on Stoner avenue.Miss Laura Steagall has returned from a four-weeks' visit to friendsand relatives in Mt. Sterling.Mrs. Frank Davis and baby, ofLouisville, are visiting Miss Davis'parents, Mr. and Mrs. Pelham Jones.Mrs. Mollie Alexander has returned to her home in Winchester,after a visit to relatives in this city.Mrs. Ada D. Rice has returnedto her home in North Middletown,after spending the winter in Florida.Mr. M. C. Bracken, of Louisville,prominent in the insurance business,is here for an extended stay on abusiness mission.Dr. L. C. Abbott has returned tohis home in McKinney, Texas, aftera visit to Dr. and Mrs. A. H. Keller,and Mr. and Mr?. George Keller.Mrs. Ellen Woosley and son,Caswell Hume, have returned totheir home in this city, after a visitto "Mrs. Eliza Woosley, in Mt. Sterling. Mrs. Chas. S. Goldstein has asguests at her home on Higgins avenue, Miss Yetta Vogel, of Chicago,and Miss Morris Fisher, of Huntington, W. Va.Mrs. Robert G. Osborne has returned to her home in Mason countyaftera visit to Mrs. Annie McKee andMrs. Wm. McKee and her brothers,in this county.Mr. and Mrs. J. L. Beasley andMr. and Mrs. Robert L. Bruce, ofStanford, were guests Sunday ofRev. and Mrs. W. E. Ellis, at theirhome on Main street.Mi's. Wm. Sharpe and daughters,Misses Ura May, Viola and SusieSharpe, have returned to their homein Frankfort, after a visit to Mr. andMrs. Lon Graves, near Paris.Mrs. M. F. Enright, MissesAnne and Julia Enright and MaryNeil Green and Messrs. Arthur Deprenz and Lewis Soper, of Richmond,were recent visitors in Paris.Mrs. Frank Walker and son,Frank Walker, Jr., have returned totheir home in Eminence, after avisit to Mrs. Walker's parents, Mr.and Mrs. Douglas Thomas, Sr.Among those from Paris whowent to Louisville, Saturday, towitness the running of the KentuckyDerby were Mr. and Mrs. PowellBosworth, Mrs. John Yerkes, MissesRachel Wiggins and Nancy Griffith.Miss Ruby Jane Houston willreturn to-morrow from the Kentucky Female 'College at Midway.She will be accompanied by MissMary Trotter, of Pine Bluff Ark.,who will be her guest for severaldays.Stanford Interior-Journal: "Conductors C. H. Burnes and R. S.Swango, of Paris, came over with W.O. Scott to flsh for a day or so. Theycaught 125 newlights, varying inlength from 12 to 15 inches out ofDix River."Mr. A. Clemens and Mr. E. A.Kadel, representing the KentuckyActurial Bureau, of Louisville, havebeen in Paris several days lookinginto the condition of the Paris firedepartment and the water supply forfire protection.The Margaret Matzenauer concert at the Lexington Opera House,Friday night, was patronized by alarge number of Paris and Bourboncounty music-lovers, who spoke enthusiastically of the wonderful contralto's rosrram.An automobile party composedof C. B. Carmichael, Floyd Carmichael, Will Leach, and Misses LydiaTurner, Mildred Speakes, EthelBramel and Maragaret Speakes motored to Louisville, Saturday. Enroute they stopped at MammothCave.Consulting Engineer W. H.Weiss, of Kansas City, Mo., and Mr.Walter Wagoner, of Chicago, wereguests of Mayor E. B. January, Friday and Saturday. They were hereinvestigating the condition of thelocal water system, with a view ofreporting to the next meeting ofthe City Council.Mrs. Albert Hinton, who hasbeen seriously ill at a Cincinnati hospital for several weeks, has been improving steadily, and was able to return to her home in this city, Sundav. She was accompanied by Mr.Hinton, who went to Cincinnati, Saturday, for that purpose.Mrs. W. R. McPherson, who hasbeen a guest at the home of hermother, Mrs. Jos. M. Rion, on Secondctrwt fnr several weeks, left Satur-Aav fnr hpr home in Salt Lake City.She was accompanied by Airs. iuon,who will spend the summer with her.The Amuse Dancing Club gavea most enjoyable dance in the Masonic Temple last night, a largenumber of out-of-town guests partipating. Music for the dancers wasfurnished by Willams' SaxophoneQuintett. The hours were from8:00 to 3:00. During tne intermission luncheon was served.At a recent meeting of theCounty Board of Education, MissNannie Clarke, of this city, waselected rural school supervisor forthe coming year. Mr. C. R. Bush, atrrn rinate of Georgetown College, was.elected principal of the MillersburgGraded High School tor tne scnooiyear of 1919-1920. He was veryhighly recommended for the place.Misses Elizabeth Chenault andTaletha Chenault will entertain withan afternoon tea to-day from four tosix at their home on Ashland avenue, in Lexington, in honor of MissEmma Wupperman, of St. Petersburg, Florida, guest of their sister,Mrs. James W. Thompson, of nearParis, and the bride-elect, Miss Dinsmore Patrick.Mr. Georere C. Thompson. Sr.. isconfined to his home in Thornton Division by illness.Mrs. Ernest Martin is convalescing after an operation performed atthe Massie Memorial Hospital.Mr. Charlton Clay, of Paris, washost to a party of seven guests at theCountry Club, near Lexington, Saturday evening.Mrs. Katherine Kimball, whowas operated on at the Massie Momorial Hospital, some weeks ago, is improving rapidly.-Miss Lutie Crowe, who has beena patient at the Massie MemorialHospital for several days, has recovered and has been removed to herhome.Eugene Conner underwent asuccessful operation at the MassieMemorial Hospital for removal of enlarged tonsils, and is getting alongvery nicely.Mr. Ray Faulconer, of RuddlesMills, who underwent an operation atthe Massie Memorial Hospital, Saturday, was reported yesterday asdoing very well.Mr. Z. L. Wilcox, Secretary ofthe Bourbon County Y. M. C. A.,has returned from Versailles, wherehe attended the conference of Y. M.C. A. workers last week.Dr. William Riley Franklin hasreturned from Louisville, where heattended the meeting of the StateAssociation of Optometrists, of whichhe is an officer and member.Dr. A. H. Keller, City HealthOfficer, attended the meeting of theState Board of Health, composed ofboth city and county Health officers,held in Louisville yesterday. Theconvention will be in session againto-day.The Board of Officers of theChristian Church have placed an oi'der for interior decoration of thechurch, work on which will be started soon. New lighting fixtures ofthe indirect type have also beencontracted for.A party of twenty friends fromNew York and Beaumont, Texas,who accompanied him to Louisville,to see the running: of the KentuckyDerby, Saturday, were guests of Mr.Edward Simms, Saturday evening atPendennis Club, of Louisville. Themembers of the party were entertained by Mr. Simms last night at hiscountry home, "Xalapa Farm," nearParis.The following delegates fromthe Endeavor Society of the Presbyterian and Christian churches ofParis, attended the annual convention of the Kentucky Christian Endeavor Union, held at Winchester:Presbyterian Church Mrs. W. B.Griffith, Mrs. Sam Willis, Misses Virginia Dundon, Margaret Griffith,Ada Wilcox, Mrs. Z. L. Wilcox, Eugene Lair, John Dundon and VernonStamler. Christian Church Foster Mitchell, Mrs. A. L. Burley,Misses Louise Keal, Thelma Squires,Carrie Rose, Hazel Arnold, ElizabethRule, Elizabeth Clarke, Mrs. H. L.Clarke, D. Y. L. Farley.One of the most enjoyable social events of the season was thebridge party given Friday afternoonby Misses Ollie and Loraine Butlerat their home on Vine street, following a similar event given on thepreceding day. There were seventables of players. The prize for thehighest score, a pair of fancy candles, was won by Mrs. James Dodge,and the consolation prize, a patentleather hand-painted knitting bag,was drawn by Mrs. Robert Ferguson.The beautiful home was bright withspring flowers, lilies of the valley,Marechal Neil roses, iris and snowballs arranged in baskets, bowls andvases. Delicious refreshments wereserved, the menu consisting of fruitsalad, peas in timbale shells, sandwiches, hot rolls, ices, coffee, mints.The guests who partook of thepleasure of the afternoon were:Misses Rachel Wiggins, .tseiie, Jtiorton, Elizabeth Crutcher, FrancesClay, Carolyn Roseberry, ElizabethSteele, Margaret Ferguson and Elizabeth Jasper; Mrs. Calvert Meng,Mrs. F. P. Kiser, Mrs. Edward Spears,Mrs. John Yerkes, Mrs. CarolineDavis Craig, Mrs. Hiram Roseberry,Mrs. Carley Wilmoth, Mrs. JamesDodge, Mrs. Robt. Ferguson, Mrs.Ray Taylor, Mrs. Henry Judy. Mrs.Brinch Meinertz, Mrs. Julian Frank,Mrs. Milton C. Browning, Mrs. LynnMoore, Mrs. John Sturgeon, Mrs. Virgil Gaitskill, Mrs. Joe Varden, Mrs.John F. Davis and Mrs. Callie T.Nichols.(Other "Personal on Page 3.)oSpringMillinerySpecials This Week. A host of new arrivals in every shape and color are gathered together for "Hat Week"-; an unusually attractive collection at very moderate prices.Leghorns and. Milans '?Soft Rough StrawsLovely Transparent ModelsSport HatsChildren's Hatsv?iSMART TURBANSJest the thing for a windy day are these trim, stylish, close Ifitting hats in the various suit shades.All Prices From $5.00 to $15.00HARRY SIMON!224-228 West Main St., Lexington, Ky;Main Street, Paris, Ky.Xs:wixsra.RENDITION OF "ROSE MAIDEN"A DECIDED SUCCESS.The rendition of the musical can-'tata, "The Rose Maiden," at tneParis and North Middletown Christian churches by the combinedchoirs of the churches was most decidedly a successful event, from botha social and musical point of view.The presentation gave proof of thefaithfulness of the participants andof the untiring energy and enthusiasm of the chorister, Mr. A. L. Boat-i rY,tT.fl.p.k of sDace forbids extendedmention of the individuals in the jcast and the chorus, save that Mr.Ernest Davis, of Chicago, who tookthe leading role, and Mrs. RobertJones, of North. Middletown, both ofwhom made their intitial appearancebefore a Paris audience, sang themselves into the hearts of their hearers. The gem of the -program wasthe duet sung by Mr. Davis and Mrs.Jones. Hhe chorus of fifty-six voicesshowed results of their excellenttraining.-oASK FOR BITTER'S SALT RISINGBREAD.WW$C ove "dreams'!I SSsIkESv Come m and 1I vBBBI'l seetnem. IV N FS5fc) )When you go to your grocer ordealer ask them for Ritter's salt rising bread, a local food made fromchoice pure materials.RITTER'S BAKERY.(25apr-12-t)o-1J BIRTHS.11 rt-Mr. and Mrs. HomeloVer:---7he best way to store up energy is by peacefulrest. A cosy bedroom, -one of our pretty beds withreliable springs and mattress on it will give yourestful sleep. And remember, old mattresses arenot sanitary.Fix your beds and bedrooms up now by cominginto our store and buying the new Furniture, Rugsand other things you need.Our QUALITY is always HIGtf ; our PRI,pEis always LOW."35.In Faris, to the wife of HowardDykes, a daughter, second born.s, -,THE J. T. HINTON CO.ETtRERPHONE 36 PARIS, KENTUCKY SIXTH AND MAINMotor Hearse Motor Invalid Coach Undertakingl3V tt. r,r PAGE SIXTHE BOTJEBOH HEWS, PjLRIS, -KENTUCKYTUESDAYMAY 13, 1919 HTtecenty invented stuffed animalsfor children Have skins that can beremoved and washed.DO NOT BE TROUBLED6BY HE SHE BILLSFifteen month? of -z; zz from a pairof Neolin Soles is claimed by F. T.Evans of Seattle. Washington. ' ThenI had them half-soled and they arestill good," says Mr- Evans.Big shoe bills do not trouble the manT7:o ets wear like this from his shoes.If yen are interested in cutting down7cur shoe expense, be sure thst thechces ycu buy have Neolin Soles., Ycu can get them on new shoes intrrmy styles for men, women, and.children; and they are available everywhere for re-soling, too.: Neolin Soles are made by Science toCgive long wear, and to be comfortableand waterproof. They are manufacitured by The Goodyear Tire & RubberCo., Akron, OHio, who also manufacture Wingfoot Heels guaranteed to.outwear all mother heels.neolin Solesadc XackSes. Ua. Pat. OS.Aetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect Against: Fire; TheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityAnd OtherCasualtiesPIT OFF CORNS!Apply few drops then lift sorttouchy corns off withfingersDoesn't hurt a bit! Drop a littleFreezone on an aching corn, in-ctanl-ir fhat nnrn ctnno Tinrfincr V10TIH-UllHJ luui IjUIH i3,JJi3 uuinu, k"vjt. .1 ! J - tyou utt il ngnx out. xes, magic:A tiny bottle of Freezone costsbut a few cents at any drug store,but is sufficient to remove everyhard corn, soft corn, or corn betweenthe toes, and the calluses, withoutsoreness or irritation.Freezone is the sensational discovery of a Cincinnati genius. It iswonderful. (adv)0Several lighthouses on Frenchcoasts have been, equipped withlenses that enable their lights to beseen fifty miles.oThroughout the British empire thenaval salute to the king is twentyone guns, excepting in India, whereit is 121 guns.L. & TSS. TO RESUME SUNDAYPOPULAR EXCURSIONSIt is expected that within the nextfew days definite announcement willbe made by the Louisville & Nashville as to the dates of resumption oftheir popular-priced Sunday excursions. These were suspended for thepast two years owing to the equip-l ment being taken over by the UnitedStates Government for the transportation of soldiers and munitions ofwar, under a plan of military necessity. 'Mr. F. D. Bush, of Cincinnati, Divisional Passenger' Agent of the Louisville & Nashville, was in Paris,Tuesday, conferring with the localofficials in regard to the advisabilityof resuming the Cincinnati and Natural Bridge Sunday excursions.What action was taken at meetingwas not made public, but it is highlyprobable that these excursions willbe resumed soon. Paris people willwelcome them as affording them aslight relief from the monotony thatdescends on the town on Sunday, andmany have openly expressed theirpleasure in the prospect of an earlyresumption, of the Sunday excursionschedules.0ABOUT RHEUMATISMDANVILLE MESSENGER NOWDAILY.BADKflHA. .. FEEAGENTriOncDropJturbon Poultry RemedyCURESGAPESOPitnra c!iTe3ct vonetpeA lew '.drops i n t h edrinking water ceresand-nrevents whitediarrhoea, cholera and otner calcicdiseases. One 60c. bottle makes 13gallons of medicine. Pint bottle,price 51.20, makes C2 gallons. Atdruggists, or sent by mail postpaid.Bourbon flemedy Co., Lexington, Ky.Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets Getat the Cause and Remove ItDr. Edwards' Olive Tablets, the substitute for calomel, act gently on the bowelsand nositivelv do the work.People afflicted with bad hreath find. quick relief through Dr. Edwards'I Olive Tablets. The pleasant, sugar-i coated tablets are taken lor bad breathby all who know them.Dr. Edwards Olive Tablets act gentlytut firmly on the bowels and liver,sHmnlatine them to natural action.clearing the blood and gently purifyingj the entire system. They do that whichj dangerous calomel does without any.of the bad after effects.All the benefits of nasty, sickening,griping cathartics are derived from Dr.Edwards' Olive Tablets without griping,j pain or any disagreeable effects.I Dr. F. M. Edwards discovered theformula after seventeen years of practice among patients afflicted withbowel and liver complaint, with theattendant bad breath. &Dr. Edwards Olive Tablets are purelyI a vegetable compound mixed with oliveju, yuu win tuiun uicui uy men uiivccolor. Take one or two every night fora week and note the effect. 10c and 25cper box. All druggists.The first issue of the DanvilleDaily Messenger has reached thisoffice. It is a most creditable paper,and with a nice run of advertisements. The Messenger is now aneight-page quarto, using the UnitedPress telegraphic news service. Danville now has two daily papers,which is going some for a town of itssize.IMPROVING EXTERIORSRheumatism causes more pain andsuffering than any other disease, forthe reason that it is the most common of all ills, and it is certainlygratifying to sufferers to know thatthere is a remedy that will afford relief, and make rest and sleep possible. It is called Chamberlain's Liniment. ( m ay-ad v)Drs. Coover & WatsonVETERNARIANS,(Successors to Dr. H. M. Hamilton.)Both Phones 347.Office, Bourbon Garage.(15apr-lmo-pd)The FirstBottle ofK APRkSMlf ReliefjSya Writes1KTivI K. & 1.M. VanBnrcn. Engineer, G.icy.. 17 Mieriiland St.. GrandRapids, Mich.PERUNAEtfURffflBKHEntirely Free fromCatarrh of the Stomach"Peruna has positively done forme what many doctor liiled to fdo. l nave been time and againcompelled to take to my bed fordays. The first bottle of Perunagave relief and while I alwaysKeep ii in tne nouse ior emergencies, I consider liiynelf entirelyfree from cntnrrlr oi the utomncli,the trouble from which I suffered for so long before takingthis remedy."Xiiqild or Tablet yormSold KverjThcrcAsk Your DealerThe News Job Department is Always Busy."There's a Reason." Work Done Right!Although no formalwas made here along thecampaign'paint-up"lines suggested by Gov. Stanley'sproclamation, the painters and decorators have been very busy. Theweather has considerably hinderedout door work, but in all sections ofthe city can be seen evidences ofthe freshening and brightening effects of newly-applied paint. Manyhandsome residences have been undergoing extensive remodeling, necessitating re-decorating and painting of interiors.U. S. AIR SERVICE NEEDS PIPTEEN THOUSAND MEN.Fifteen thousand men are wantedby the army for the Air Service andrecruiting stations throughout thecountry are enlisting men for thisbranch of the service as rapidly aspossible. Opportunities for men tobecome pilots, balloon men, chauffeurs, mechanics, electricians or learning one of the thirty other tradesassociated with the Air Service areoffered men who enlist. Enlistmentscan either be for one or three yearperiods. Full information regardingthe opportunities offered in thisbranch of service can be had by addressing the Department ot Air Service, 104 Broad street, New York.City.oThe number of automobiles in theUnited States is expected to reachthe 4,000,000 mark this year.MRUGCLES16 Bank Row, Paris, Ky.WE HAVE AiSTOCK OFi H V Ib h H H 1 H 1 hdbesses mmRoofingShinglesRidge RollLathBoxingCeilingFlooringMouldingSheathingWeatherboardsFarm GatesFencingFence StaysColumnsTobacco SticksDoorsFramesWindowsSash Cords.NailsPostsWall BoardsSash WeightsPlaning Mill For Special WorkBring Your Lists to UsFor an Estimate.We Deliver By TEAM or TRUCKAt Reasonable Prices.nmmTelephone 122mmParis, KentuckyTUESDAY, MAY 13, 1919THE BOUBBOff NEWS. PATHS, KEKTOCKYDo You Enjoy Life ?A man. in good physical conditionis almost certain to enjoy life, whilethe bilious and dyspeptic are despondent, do not enjoy their mealsand feel miserable a good share ofthe time. This ill feeling is nearlyalways unnecessary. A few doses ofChamberlain's Tablets to tone upthe stomach, improve the digestionand regulate the bowels is all that isneeded. Try it.(may-adv)Margolen'sSanitary Meat MarrketHOMEKILLEDMEATSVeaf BeefPork LambIt's the BestTo Be HadMARGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketAnything In Your Eye?ASSERTS SMALLTASKS BURDENSEven light Duties Proved DifficultTo Mrs. Guinn, BeforeUsing TrutonaLOUISVILLE, KY., May 9. Mrs.Lena Guinn, well-known Louisvillewoman, of 2,514 Woodlawn avenue,is telling her friends and neighborsof the relief she gained from Trutona, the perfect tonic."I suffered from nervous indigestion, constipation and loss of appetite," Mrs. Guinn said recently. "Iwas so nervous I could hardly tolerate the presence of anyone in thehouse. I couldn't sleep and wouldoften just wonder around the houseat night, I never felt like doingeven the easiest household duties."I feel like a woman made overagain, since taking Trutona. It hashelped me in every way. My husband thinks Trutona has performedmiracles for me. I think Trutonais the most wonderful medicine in the world. It does all andis more than is claimed for it. It'sa wonderful medicine for weak, nervous, run-down women."As Mrs. Guinn says, the perfecttonic is remarkable as a reconstructive agency and especially so afterattacks of pneumonia, influenza andthe like.Trutona is now being introducedand explained in Paris at G. S. Varden & Son's. (adv)oThe allies will be more considerateof Mr. W. Hohenzoller-n's legal rightsthan was Germany of Miss EdithCavell's.From County to County in15 Minutes ByTRACTION EXPRESSKy. Traction & TerminalCo.Many people who come to us forexamination imagine there is someforeign substance in their eyes.It is hard to convince them, sometimes, that these gritty, sandy,scratching, irritating conditions aresymptoms and effects due to refractory errors which usually -can be corrected by the wearing of properly fitted glasses. Let us take the "grit"out of your eyes.Dr. Wm. Riley FranklinSuite 205-6 First National Bak,Both Phones. Paris, Ky.J f -INTERTJBBAN SCHEDULECARS LEAVELexington For Paris ForParis LexingtonA. M. 6.00x A. M. 6:45A. M. 7:20 A. M. 7:15xA. M. 8:50 A. M. 8:15A. M. 10:20 A. M. 9:45A. M. 11.50 A. M. 11:15'P. M. 1:20 P. M. 12:45P. M. 2:50 P. M. 2:15P. M. 4:20 P. M. 3:45P. M. - 6:00 P. M. 5:15P.-M. 7:20 P. M. 6:50P. M. 9:10 P. M. 8:15P. M. 11:00 P. M. 10:05(x) Daily except Sunday.KENTUCKY TRACTION AND TERMINAL COMPANYIN THE SERVICE OF THEIRCOUNTRY.Ensign Raymond Booth, officer inline of staff stationed at Norfork, Va.,is in Paris on a furlough, to visithis parents, Mr. and Mrs. Jos. D.Booth.Charles Tackett, of Paris, who hasbeen in overseas service in Francefor several months, returned to thiscity Wednesday to remain. Tackettreceived an honorable discharge fromthe service, at Camp Dix, New Jersey, where he has been for someweeks, following his return fromFrance.Privates Thos. McVey and GroverGoddard, have returned to theirhomes near Clintonville, . from anEastern camp, where they receivedtheir final discharge papers. Bothrecently landed at an Eastern port,after having been in active servicefor nine months In FranceiAccording to an announcement recently made by the War DepartmentCapt. William Collins, of North Middletown, has been promoted to therank of Major in the U. S. ArmyReserve Corps. Capt. Collins was recently transferred to the inactivelist, where he will remain for thenext five years, unless an emergencyarises.A letter from Private AndrewJackson Tumey, to his mother, Mrs.Jesse Turney, of Paris, stated thathe was at the time of writing, locat-ed at an embarkation camp in Marseilles, France, awaiting transportation to the good old U. S. A. Jackwrote that he hoped to be back inJune, at which time it was probablethe whole U. S. army would be backin America. Several letters addressed to "Genial Jack" have beenreturned to the writers, which wouldindicate that he was either "on hisway" or in a place inaccessible tothe mail carriers.iL H m rTHESMOOTHESTSMOKINGTOBACCOSmoke over your problems. Alittle draw in' on a fren'ly pipeoften saves a heap of drawinon a bank account.i0&yGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.ITHE NEWS received the followingpostcard yesterday from Ben ClarkWilson, who was here recently on afurlough from West Baden Hospital,to visit his parents, Mr. and Mrs.David T. Wilson, of Houston avenue:"U. S. Gen. Hospital 28,"Ft. Sheridan, 111."Dear NEWS:"I was moved up here last Monday from West Baden Hospital, andhad an operation performed onThursday. I am getting along verynicely. This is a great place, abouttwenty miles from Chicago. The daysare dull in bed without THE NEWS.There are about three thousand overseas patient? here, and -we are juston the lake. Please have THFNEWS se-nt here instead of to WestBaden. I think I will get along finefrom now on. Regards to all. Mynew address is Ben C. Wilson, Ward27, U. S. A. General Hospital 28, Ft.Sheridan, Illinois."XIIXJ&0XNotice to Telephone Users!By Act of Congress of the United States, bearing date of July 16,1918, the President was authorized to assume possession, supervision,operation and control of all Telegraph and Telephone Companies in theUnited States, and such possession, supervision, operation and controlwas assumed by the President, effective at midnight, July 31, 1918, to beexercised through the department of the Postmaster General. The Act ofCongress referred to provided .no apppropriation to take care of any deficits which might occur in the operation of the properties and the continued high cost of materials, as well as the necessity of wage adjustmentswith employes, have made such deficits imminent. In order to forestall, ifpossible, the calamity which would be occasioned by the necessity ofclosing any of the telephone exchanges, the Postmaster General has ordered that, effective May 1, 1919, the following schedule of rates beplaced in effect by this company:SCHEDULE OF EENTAL RATES AUTHORIZED BY UNITED STATESTELEGRAPH AOT) TELEPHONE ADMINISTRATION FOR THEPARIS HOME TELEPHONE AND TELEGRAPH COMPANY, EFFECTIVE MAY 1, 1919:'-PARIS EXCHANGE.Main Line Business $3.50 per monthTwo-Party Line Business 3.00 per monthMain Line Residence .. 2.00 per monthTwo-Party Line Residence 1.75 per monthFour-Party Line Residence 1.50 per monthRural Party Line Residence 1.75 per monthBusiness Extension 1.00 per monthResidence Extension 50 per monthExtension Bells 25 per monthBRANCH EXCHANGES.Main Line Business $2.75 per monthTwo-party Line Business 2.25 per monthMain Line Residence 1.65 per' monthTwo-Party Line Residence 1.40 per monthFour-Party Line Residence 1.25 per monthRural Party Line Residence .. 1.65 per monthBusiness Extension 1.00 per monthResidence Extension 50 per monthExtension Bell 25 per monthAll bills for Rural Service within Bourbon County are payable atthe office of the Company before the 15th day of each month for servicerendered for previous month.In placing this new schedule of rates in effect we desire to acknowledge our deep appreciation of the co-operation and good will whichhas existed between this Company and its patrons, which feeling we trustwill continue, and further to assure our patrons that every effort will beexerted to provide and maintain a high, standard of telephone service.The largest portion of this increase goes to increase the salaries ofour operators and other employes.Paris Home Telephone TelegraphCompany(Incofp orated)J. Jeatcli, District Manager- - . WvH.Caimon.-IiOcal'Mansiger.Carl Mitchell, stationed on the US. S. South Carolina, writes THENEWS the following note from sea,while the vessel was plowing its waythrough fog to its destination, somewhere on the coast of France:At Sea, April 11, 1919."We are now sailing over a rough,deep blue sea to 'Parlezvou' andthat's France. We surely had somerough trip this time as the sea wasvery rough all the way over. We arenow in the Bay of Biscay, and expect.to dock in the morning, which willbe Saturday. I have almost losttrack of the days. There are onlytwo days in the week I really know,and they are Saturday and Wednesday, for then we have beans forbreakfast, and it is surely some chow,if you like it."We have been running in a heavyfog all day, and we have to go veryslow, as there is danger of collisionwith some other ship. All I haveheard to-day has been the ship's sirenblowing, which is a signal for theother ships to steer clear, for if theyhit this battle wagon we will surelyleave our monogram there. We expect to be over here for about threedays, which is a short time, for thereis lots to see. We are due to arrivein the United States on or about the29 th. I have seen several foreignports in my naval career, but, believe me, give me the good old Bluegrass State all the time. And whenVelvet is a friendly tobacco in thetruest sense, because, like friendship,it has been allowed to ripen naturally nothing forced or unnatural.There are "hurry up" ways with tobacco butonly patient ageing (two years in wooden hogs-ucciua, can Dnng out the mellowness thatVelvet apart.VVXsetsRoll a Velvet CigaretteVelvet's nature-aged mildnessand smoothness make it justright for cigarettes.a? ' 'I SiiMiiilii 3gMfc?ET7r.fe- WZtt. jpgACC.Oy.Cffg:;, .lJYou know what mellowness is now think of a goodfriend who is never harsh toyou.There you hi:ve the big thingabout Velvetmellow friendliness.You and Velvet beginyour friendship today.?cJ53&cA JjF15BRIGHTEREVENINGSw4itI get back I am going to fill mypockets with Bourbon county soil."I think- about the worst place Ihave ever seen is Yorktown, Va. Idon't blame old Gen. Cornwallis forsurrendering it. I don't see how hestayed there as long as he did. AndNorfolk isn't much better, accordingto my way of thinking. Well, as itIs time to turn in to my hammock, Iwill have to close. Give all the boysmy best regards. Yours,"CARL."CAUSE OP HEADACHEBy knowiug the cause, a diseasemay often be avoided. This is particularly true of headache. Themost common cause of headache is adisordered stomach or constipation,which may be corrected by taking afew doses of Chamberlain's Tablets.Try it. Many others have obtainedpermanent relief by taking thesetablets. They are easy to take andmild and gentle in effect.(may-adv)CM8gCc.w jf- Nothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.useGlectrici'iyTor DgbtiitdIt's the only satisfactory way.use SetsTor Beating and CookingIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix You UpFor the Use o! BothElectricity and Gas.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)v . . n, jyflK Cv.it EnMay Sales)I Now Ona 5Ladies' Suits, value to$39.00, go at.. $24.95Silk Dresses, values to$24.00, go at. $1 4.953 TWO GROUPS OF MILLINERYGroup No. l..:...$;2.45Group No. 2 $3.95SPECIAL PRICESON WAISTSTwin Bros.Department StoreMain and 7th Paris, Ky."-'ftjitiitpft13 ?iJ 9 flyim jgaiaHere's the big work, littlecost tractor the Titanfe MulE TltflTl 10-20 fns Hefn rrn -t- meT-r4- fm.f i I years, and has made good without reservation.W. i " inhnvannn,n.aJ 1 nr tj.v uwiovuww ciu uicuictw urn j xiorsepowerat the belt.A well-balanced tractor that is suited to all farmpower work. It drives easily, affords mamnrn puiuing power for its weight, and is suited in every way to tthe general run of farm work. Not too large for the !small farm, yet large enough to handle a great volumeJ of work.Use it with an Oliver Plow .' ' We recommend that you use an Oliver plow withyour Titan tractor because it means the best plowingunder all conditions. The combined rolling coulterand jointer buries all trash and weeds at the bottomof the furrow; the stop device maintains an even depthof furrow; the plow points enter and leave the groundfirst, making it possible to plow clear to the ends of thefield; and the trip rope control operates easily fromthe driver's seat on the tractor.We have a full line of Oliver plows as well as tbtvTitan tractor here at our salesroom.C. S. BALL GARAGEr m --. V"'&i rm';; y PASS EIGHTTHE BOUBBON HEWS, PAKIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, JVIAY 13, 1919 r.THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMOADMISSIONAdults Ticket 1 Sc; War Tax 2c-20cChildren and Gallery. .Ticket 9c; War Tax 1 c 1 0cTO-DAY, TUESDAYTHURSDAY, MAY 15thWallace Reidi"Alias, Mike Moran"The story is one of the best-plotted things Reid has everdjdne. Ann Little is the leading lady, and you who have missedthe combination of late can again rejoice.Williamlit the SecondSSL "Theand Pathe Comedy.MILLERSBURG" Mr. A. J Butler continues abouttho same."' '-r-Onion sets at Caldwell's at 15cper gallon... Miss Robbie Ritchie will returnliome from Midway, Wednesday,where she has been attending school.A -j-i-Rev. W. W .Morton, and familyleft 'Monday for a -visit to his parents, Mr. and Mrs. T. H. Morton, atColumbia, Via,Miss Alma Duke Jones is atliooie from Washington, D. C, whereshe has been in the service of the."War Department.Mrs. Parker and son, Jack, ofSalt Lake, Utah, are guests of heraunt, Mrs. G. W. Johnson. Mrs. Parser was formerly Miss Ellen Clarke,well-known here. n'- rr-bwing" to the high price of lardit irow becomes necessary for the peo. plo to use some of the lard substitrv's! There is none better than"f4 sco," handled in pound cans atC'. : well's, 33 cents per can.- NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC. I2i8"vo' just purchased a new Landersstitching machine, and am preparedtojdo all kinds of shoe repairing atreasonable prices.(.dmay-St) JOE. GREEN.Everything is in readiness forthe commencement exercises. Several guests will arrive to-day and"Wednesday. The M. M. I. will open"Wednesday flight with a lawn fete;Ftel'd Day exercises Thursday morning; Play Thursday evening; Commencement exercises Friday morning.The-.M. C. will open Friday eveningwith, a recital by the advanced pupilsin. voice and expression. See nextissue, for further particulars.-T The nrst annual commencementexercises of the MUlersburg GradedHigh. School will be held . t theOpera Hp'use, at .8:00 o'clock -to'-mor-iW,, (Vvednesday) night. The following program will' be rendered:One. Land United (PaulBliss) . . .. . ChorusInvocationrValse Brilliante (Schulhoff) . . .Bernice Bonarf (a.) The Spring is Coming' ,(b") Sleep, Baby Sleep ChorusAddress Prof. Chas. C. KeithRippling Rill Lydia ThompsonPresentation of Diplomast''" BenedictionGraduates:'"Lena Cooke Ruth JohnsonUSHERS:. .'Carl Fields Virgil Florence ii M. M. I 'Commencement beginsWednesday evening with Lawn Fete,4" to 7, given by Senior and Juniorclasses. Thursday Field Daypromises to be one of the best in theliistory of the school. The Odd Fellows' Orphan Home Band of fourteenpisees, -will furnish music throughoutth&.day. Ball game between M. M.I. and Ex-Cadets, promises a betteruae than usual. The comedyThursday night at 8:15 in Drill Hallwill 'please everybody. Admissiontwenty-nve and thirty-five cents.Reserved seats on sale at Waddell'sdm0- store. Friday, morning thegraduation exercises begin at teno'clock. Fourteen young men will receive their diplomas. The PhoenixOrchestra will furnish music. Everyday cordially invited.oPSESIDEIvT ISSUES PROCLAMA-TION TOR BOY SCOUT WORKiPresident lWilson, in a proclamastkm made public in Washington,"Sunday, recommended that the period'beginning June 1 to Flag Day, JuneI'l4, be observed over the country asj"Boy Scout" week for the purpose ofstrengthening the work of the BoyiScouts of America. The PresidentJurgfcd that in every community ajoiUens committee be organized tojeooperate in carrying out a program"for extending the Boy Scout projgram to a larger proportion of. jAni&ricaax boyhood."j 'Under plans, announced by Jamestm "West, chief scout executive, a na-'iiOTi-widecampaign will be conducted 'for 1,000,000 associate membersJ to act as scout masters, assistant andother leaders or tne stuuu uyoNEW AUTO OWNERS.r tU. TTofTnc P.laV. of ParfS.j went to the Marmon aTiiomobile fac-.. .. .i- n-nA rfiirnpH with a.xory last cca, --Jjiew four-passenger roadster.; Mr Robert Hopkins, of near NorthM&dletown. recently purchased a; five-passenger model 490 Chevroletfrom Kittrell & Calloway, of Lex. iagton. The Motors Products Ser-vioa Co., of Lexington, reports the, sale and delivery of a 1 ton In-ternAtiom&l- Truck to the BourbonGarage & SUPPF uo., ot .raria.INDuncanMan of Might"DEATHS.tWILSON.The body of Mrs. S. H. Wilson,who died in Lexington of the infirmities of age, was brought to ParisFriday and interred in the ParisCemetery. Mrs. Wilson is survivedby three sisters, Mrs. George W. Allison, of near Paris, Mrs. John Brown,of Melborne, Ky., and Mrs. MaggieSimms, of Latonia, and one brother,Wm. Hollar, of Nicholasville.JETT.Judge W. L. Jett, aged seventyseven, member of the Orphan Brigade, who fought under Captain BenJ. Moore in the Civil War, died Friday at his home in Frankfort. Hewas police judge, master commissioner, postoffice inspector and custodianof Confederate records. He waswounded, in every ,battle in which hefought in the Civil War, and whilein a hospital at Forsythe, Ga., hewas nursed by Miss Sue Gresmam,who became his wife.JENNINGS.Mr. Walter Jennings, Sr., agedeighty-one, a well-known Harrisoncounty farmer, was found dead in bedat his home near Leeslick, Fridaymorning. His death was attributedto heart trouble. The funeral washeld at the Mt. Hope Church, in Harrison county, at eleven o'clock Saturday morning. The burial followedin Battle Grove Cemetery.Mr. Jennings was a native of Bourbon county, where he was born onFebruary 29, 1838. He marriedMiss Ida May Shinkle, who survives,with four sons and two daughters,Charles W., Walter L. and A. C.Jennings, Mrs. Harry Wigglesworthand Mrs. L. D. Chandler.oDRAFTEES TO BE OUT BYJUNE 15.Commanding generals of the northeastern, eastern, southeastern andcentral departments and of CampKnox, Bragg, Benning, Humphreys,Eustis and Fort Sill, have been instructed that it is the desire of theWar Department .to have dischargedby June 15, all men drafted or enlisted for the emergency who areeligible for discharge.The exception of the southern andwestern departments from the orderwas understood to be due to the factthat the units under the supervisionof these departments are largely onthe Mexican border and that it therefore might not be practicable to release the men by June 15.It was explained at the War Department that the men intended tobe affected by the order were thosewhose services has been entirelywithin' the United States and whonow are attached to "line organizations of the regular service." Similar instructions will be sent to commanders of each of the 23 demobilization centers, but in their cases previous orders regarding the dischargeof soldiers within 48 hours after thearrival will be enforced.- Commanders of demobilizationcamps also were informed that indischarging organizations sent tothem, all men coming from a givencity or community are as far as practicable to be discharged on the sameday. This is to enable the men toreturn in a body to their communityfor such welcome as may be contemplated for them.oOFFICERS APPOINTED TO CONDUCT SALVATION ARMYDRIVE.State officers to have charge of theSalvation Army financial drive inKentucky, to "be held from June 23to 30. were announced Saturday by I.Sobel, State Director, as follows:John R. Downing, Lexington,treasurer; Dr. Ben L. Bruner, Louisville, secretary, and J. Sherman Porter, Lexington, publicity manager.The following were named as districtorganizers: Lieutenant C. D. Edgerton, Tulsa, Okla.; Aubery Hester,Mayfield; N. H. Woodson, Barbourville; Miss Anna B. Coushaine, Buffalo, N. Y.; R. V. Garred, Louisville;W. B. Henry, Pittsburg, Pa.; J. W.Bole, Pittsburg, Pa.; J. H. Andrews,Steubenville, O., and D. Burr Jones,Rockcastle, Ind. One more is yet tohe named.The State will be divided into tendistricts of twelve counties each.Lieut. Governor James D. Black willact as chairman of the State committee. Kentucky is asked to raise$350,000 towards the $13,000,000national goal.oTo keep garments clean a womanhas invented a device to cover aclothesline with light material froma reel just before it is to be used.TO-MORROW, WEDNESDAYJesse L. Lasky PresentsCECIL B. DeMILLE'S PRODUCTION"Don't Change Your Husband"Which is the worst," a wife's uncombed hair or a husband'sunshaved face? Which would you rather see. a f aided kimono ora coatless, bedraggled man? Cecil B. DeMille 'stripped the fourwalls from married life" in "Old Wives for Newi" He's at itagain, but this time the husband "gets his." The man whotrimmed the market wouldn't trim his beard and it cost himhis wife. Don't neglect this great domestic drama. The splendor of the gowns is fully up to the DeMille standard that meansa veritable Fifth Avenue shop.Big V. Comedy, 'Mass and Jail Birds"and Paramount Pictograph.INTERESTING OIL NOTESCo-operating Land & DevelopmentCo. is actively engaged in drillingsevera leases, and it is reported thatthe officers have gone to Allen, Warren and Barren counties possibly topurchase more properties for thecompany.The Lee-Kent Oil Co. has movedinto new offices at 514 Main street,recently completed and furnished.The furniture for the offices arrivedThursday and was placed in "positionFriday. The new offices are admirably equipped and furnished for thepurpose.Bourbon Oil & Development Co.stock has been quiet for some time,notwithstanding tlie fact that thecompany is progressing rapidly withits development. The company ismoving two rigs onto its 50 acres ofthe Millie Freeman, Estill county,lease, where it has three wells now.Two wells are due on other leases.W. C. Bell, Chas. P. Mann and IraParks, of Paris, all prominent inlocal oil circles, accompanied by adelegation from Cynthiana, have returned from a six-hundred-mile motor trip through fifteen counties inSouthern Kentucky. They report intense oil excitement at Scottsville,and that some of the residents aredrilling wells in their back yards.THE GOSPEL TRUTH.One of our Paris business men recently remarked that he ran an advertisement in THE NEWS last fall,and that he saw no reason for spending money for advertising.Well, maybe he feels that way.about it. But every time, he runs outof a good seller he reorders. Whenhe goes to the table to eat a meal heusually eats a good one, but do yousuppose he eats enough in one mealto last a week? Hardly. Neitherdoes he eat enough in one week tolast a month, and we all know hehas something to eat. Wonder whyhe doesn't try this once-a-year business on his meals? So it is with advertising. No business man can advertise enough in one week or onemonth to last a whole year. It is thepersistent advertiser who gets results. And it is THE BOURBONNEWS that gets results for the advertisers. Years have proved this."Now is the time to advertise!"TO HOLD TENT MEETINGS.Plans are being perfected to holdfarmers' community meetings inabout 60 counties in Kentucky during the summer. The money tohandle this big proposition is beingsecured through the Board of Tradeof Louisville, and the KentuckyBankers' Association.Neither of these organizations willfurnish any speakers for these meetings. The men and women who willtalk or do demonstration work, willbe furnished through the active cooperation of the University of Kentucky, the College of Agriculture, theExperiment Station, the ExtensionDivision, the State Departments ofEducation, Roads, Health and Agriculture, the two Normal Schools andthe Departments at Washington.These meetings are not experiments, as ten or twelve were heldseveral years ago, and scored anunqualified success.ABAS. BURLESON. ABAS!The best news that has come from !Postmaster-General Burleson recently is that he will-relinquish controlof- the cables by May 10, and of thetelephone and telegraph lines as soonas Congress can enact some necessarylegislation with reference to them.And now if Mr. Burleson will relinquish his hold on the postoffice department and go away off and sitdown the public may forget, even ifit can never entirely forgive his delinquencies. Abas, Bulreson, vamose! WASHINGTON DROVE MULES'Washington became very enthusiastic in the rearing of mules a fewyears after he secured "Royal Gift,"his celebrated jack, from Spain. In1788 he wrote his English friend,Arthur Young, that mules were "avery excellent race of animals."Then he adds: "Indeed, in a fewyears, I intend to drive no other inmy carriage, having appropriated forthe sole Dumose of breeding them.upwards of .twenty ) of- my bestRELIGIOUS.Appropriate "Mother's Day" programs were carried out at all theParis churches Sunday, and the daygiven its full significance and meaning in the exercises.Rev. H. C. Spaan, who preachedat the Paris Presbyterian churchSunday, will conduct the prayermeeting service at the same churchWednesday night at 7:45 o'clock.All the members of the congregationare asked to be present.Rev. H. C. Spaan, pastor of theDutch Reformed church, of GrandRapids, Michigan, preached two eloquent and forceful sermons at thePresbyterian church Sunday morning and evening. Capt. Robert Harbison, sang a solo at both services.Rev. R. J. Tucker, who recentlyreceived a call to the rectorship" ofSt. Peter's Episcopal church, in thiscity, was in PartS last week, and metthe members of the congregation.He expressed himself as being verymuch pleased with the prospectshere. He will give a definite answerto the call this week.The Central Kentucky ChristianMinisters' Association held a meeting in the Central Christian Church,at Lexington, yesterday morning, ateleven o'clock. Papers on timelysubjects before the denomination,were read by Dr. Homer W, Carpenter, pastor of the Richmond Christian church, and Rev. W. E. Ellis,pastor of the Paris Christian church.The papers werereviewed by Rev. W.P. Crouch and Rev.F. C. Lacey.LJDJ.1STNew Spring andhoes,rmwBmm.V J-:?- -isvwHBBJ2ll!' i" i jpetuaUctivity MAKESI at so great a saving thatyou will appreciate whatLadies' Patent Kid ColonialPumpsLadies Dark Tan EnglishOxfordsMisses' and Children's Shoes and Slippers at Extremly Low Prices!DAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe StoreAliceIN6 6MARIE, LTD.5'The story of a girl who gave up a brilliant career to sell hatsin her mother's shop. Rows and rows of hats with love and romance wedged in between.t Arbuckle Comedy"FATTY'S JOY RIDE'5Also International Newsand Pathe Review.FORMER PARIS WOMAN DROWNED IN SPENCER COUNTYMrs. Charles 'Owens, formerly ofnear this city, was drowned whilefishing in a stream near her home inSpencer county. Mrs. Owens andsome friends were fishing, she beinga short distance from the rest of theparty. The fishing rod she was usinghad been stuck in the bank of thecreek, and in stepping over to lift itup, she lost her balance and fell inthe water, drowning before helpcould reach her.The body was brought to this cityand buried in the Paris Cemetery at1:30 o'clock, yesterday afternoon,with services conducted by Rev. W.E. Ellis, pastor of the Paris Christian church. Mrs. Owens and herhusband formerly resided on theBrophy farm, on the North Middletown pike, near Paris.SAVE FUEL FROM THE LOGHEAPS.Look forward to next winter's supply of wood. In many parts the oldtime custom still prevails of burningvaluable cordwood in log heaps following the clearing up of new land.Thousands of farmers must providethemselves with wood for next winter. JIf the farmer can not use the woodhimself some neighbor, school houseor church will likely be glad to getit when cold weather comes. Muchwood apparently useless at this timeof the year, will be wasted unlessforethought is exercised. Postponeburning your waste wood.oThe last Utah legislature had fourwomen members, all Democrats.03 C3 frd. .cJD::fords and Pumpand should crowdlf every departmentwith eager buyers.Our svstem of Der-ONE ENORMOUS PURCHASEThis Week We OfferMany New Models ofHigh Grade Footwearyou cannot afford to passis in store for you.LADIES' PUMPSIn- Patent andWALK-OVERSAt SpecialLow Prices$4.95$3.49Men's Tan English Oxfords,Walk-Overs, at '.Men's Gun Metal EnglishOxfords, Walk-OverBradyMOVEMENT TO START Y. M. C. A.CLUBS IN HIGH SCHOOLSThe establishment of High SchoolY. M. C. A. clubs in the high schoolsof the Buiegrass and the announcement of schedules for camps at Daniel Boone, the State Y. M. C. A. campon the Kentucky River, featured theconference of twenty high schoolsuperintendents and principals and anumber of Y. M. C. A. workers heldSaturday at the Phoenix Hotel, inLexington.The object of the meeting was tointerest the principals and the superintendents of the Bluegrass in the Y.M. C. A. work among the boys in thehigh schools, and to establish High"Y" clubs in the county and cityschools. The Lexington high schoolswere the first in the State to try thisplan and have found it most successful. Maysville and Cynthiana followed with equally satisfactory results, and now all the high schools ofCentral Kentucky will establish similar clubs. The representatives alsoagreed to send a suitable number ofleading students of their respectiveschools to the boys' training camp atCamp Daniel Boone, Aug. 25-Sept. 1.Lexington high school has pledged tosend seven representative studentsand one leader.Among those who attended theconference were Mr. Z. L. Wilcox,Secretary of the Bourbon County Y.M. C. A., and Prof. Marion Roberts,principal of the Little Rock GradedHigh School.Maybe President Wilson orderedthe George Washington so he couldsend the 100,000-word treaty byfreight instead of by cable.SummerFOLLOW ANOTHER'this up. Come in andAND OXFORDSBrown Kid$5.00$3.501STSVwjts , MWM I . "a&&&Where Beauty and Economy Reign-itI