S-rrrJWrJTrfTTT-1 - -"XT3THE-ix :- 44 NNEWSJf tPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.1 v?133VOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KEnYuCKY, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1919i ;--cDUUKDUH1 in . in iy:rrcvSEAL ESTATE TEAKSACTIONSMr. J. W. Connell, of Paris, purchased the 120 acre farm of Mr.John Mansfield, located on the Leestourg pike, near Newtown, in Scottcounty, at a private price. Mr. Conjaell will take possession the first ofMarch.The Collins tract of land on theClintonville pike which was soldSaturday on the premises for $8,500to W. E. Turner, has been resoldthrough the Edwards Realty Co. toDavid Butler, of .near Paris, at ateubstantial advance over the originalpurchase price.Mr. George H. Howard, of Bourboncounty, purchased of Mrs. S. W.Wagoner, a large tobacco barn, located near Georgetown, for $ 4,3 00.Mr. Howard also purchased the residence of Mrs. Kate Sageser, onBrown street, in Georgetown, for ?1,10. Mr. and Mrs. J. K. Northcott, ofCynthiana, have purchased, throughth.e Eals & Harney real estate agency, of Cynthiana, the 235-acre farmof Mr. Al. "Wagoner, located on theParis and Cynthiana pike, inthis county, fpr $275 an acre. Theywill take possession, of the farm,which is a well-improved one, onMarch 1.Tuesday the Paris Realty Co. soldfor Mr. Arthur Burley a house andthree acres of land on Cypress streetat private sale, and later in the daysold for Mr. R. O. Turner a twoetory hojtne. Both places broughtgood prices. The Burley place wassold to Mr. Russell Bell, of Paris, for$S,000, and the Turner cottage, atTwelfth and Pleasant, at a privateprice.oSATUEDAY SPECIALS AT THEfcASH-Ain) CARRY GROCERY.Standard Sugar Corn, 15 cents percan.Standard Tomatoes, 14 and 20cents per can.Sweet Telephone Peas, extra fine,15 cents.I ha-ndle only the best grade ofcanned corn, all new stock. Be sureand look for the Red Front Store,opposite the court house.MRS. ELLIS' CASH AND CARRYGROCERY. (21-lt)i?FRANK & CO.LADIES'' OUTFITTERSWe Are Now ShowingEarly Spring ModelsINEVENING DRESSESDINNER DRESSES 'SPRING SUITS'- SPRING COATS1v.Dolmansj CapesC-epe de Chene and Voile Blouses-4andSkirtsitnFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSA nnr -r,. I ,"KJCiJLillxlUUS.The Christian Endeavor Societyof the Presbyterian church will meetSunday evening at 6:30. The subject will be "Christianity and theToilers of Japan." All are cordiallyinvited to attend.Rev. John J. Rice will preach atboth morning and afternoon servicesat the Paris Presbyterian churchSunday. At the morning serviceRev. Rice's thepne will be "The Second Coming of Christ." "Miss MaryDan Harbison will sing at both services. At the congregational (meetingheld at the Presbyterian church lastSunday the following were elected toserve as jbfncers for the ensuing year:Elders, Robert Meteer, Samuel Willisand Owen Davis; Deacons, JohnWoodford, Clarence Kenney, DuncanBell, John M. Brennan and M. PealeCollier. At the conclusion of theservice Eugene Lair united with thechurch.The Endeavor Society of theChristian church will meet in thechurch parlors at six o'clock Sundaynight. The subject will be "Christianity and The Toilers of Japan."Leader, Miss Nancy Young. TheMission Band of the church will meetin the church parlors at 2:30 o'clockSunday afternoon. The Wcnens' Society will hold their meeting in thechurch parlors at 2: 30-o'clock nextTuesday afternoon. At this meetingofficers for the year will be elected.Beginning Sunday, February23, at the evening services of theBaptist church, there will be illustrated, hymns, sung by members ofthe choir, or others secured for thatpurpose. There will also be illustrated hymns sung by the congregation. The "Holy City," composed ofseventeen views, will be the first ofthe series, followed by other favoriteselections. Come out and enjoy themwith us. Services begin at 7 o'clock.B. Y. P. TJ. services at 6 o'clock p.pn. ; Sunday School at 9:30 a. m.;weekly prayer service, Wednesdayevening at 7:30 p. m.oFANCY POTATOES AT REAL LOWPRICES.oFancy Northern and ho,me-grownpotatoes, 40 cents per peck. . Alsonice line of fresh fruits at reasonable prices.MRS. ELLIS' CASH-AND-CARRYGROCERY.(It) Opp. Court House.A. V?.$k$!NJ.BASKETBALL GAMES AT THE Y.M. C. A. TO-NIGHT.The "boys' and girls' basketballteams of the Paris and MaysvilleHigh Schools will meet in a struggle for honors at the Y. M. C. A.gymnasium to-night, at 7:30 p. m.This will be one of the best eventsof the season. Maysville stands nearthe top of the heap in the basketballgapne and has put up some of the finest exhibitions ever staged in thebasketball field. Paris is comingstronger all the time, and is boundto make a good showing in thedouble-header to-night against theteams from the river city.The game will be called promptlyat 7:30 to-night, at which time theParis rooters will be on hand to givetheir favorites a warm welcome.The Maysville team is composed ofgood players, and will also receive,"the glad hand" here frcpn patronsof the game who appreciate cleansport.oPOSTOFFICE TO CLOSE TOR HOLIDAY TO-MORROW.To-day, Saturday, February 22,Washington's Birthday, will be observed as a legal holiday by theParis postofflce, Postmaster J. WalterPayne announced yesterday. Therewill be one delivery in the morningat seven o'clock, and one delivery bythe rural carriers. The stamp, parcel post and general delivery windows will be open fiom 11:30 to12:30. No business whatever will betransacted in the money order, registry and parcel post division.oRESOLUTIONS OF RESPECTAt a recent meeting of the Boardof Officers of the Paris ChristianChurch, the following resolutions ofrespect to the memory of Mr. JohnT. Hinton, for years one of the faithful and most earnest members of thechurch, were read and adopted by aunanimous vote:"As jmembers of the Board of Officers of the Paris Christian Church,of which body Mr. John T. Hinton,Sr., was a long and honored member,we desire to express our deepest regret at his loss and to give expression to our feelings of appreciationfor his great service and worth to thechurch."For over forty years he has beena member of thi- church and throughall these yeais his devotion has beenbeautiful and inspiring. Wc recognize him, noV- only as one of thechurch's most distinguished members, but likewise as one of God'struest noblemen. He loved thechurch with an ardent devotion andwas never absent from its servicesfrom choice. He leaned upon it forsupport and expected through thechurch to enter the eeternal home at.last. He found his greatest joy ingiving and serving for his glory."And 5io w that he has finished histestijmony here and gone to his homeabove, we wish to record here ouruecy ocuac " v i"of this great and&uuu mail, wj.xwo&iJ - . ...T, ..-tuntiring zeal for the church and unnagging interest in its work havedone so much to make the churchwhat it is to-day."He was a wise counsellor, ahelpful advisor and a safe guide inhours of trial. His gentle wisdom,loving sympathy aiid good judgmentfitted him preeminently for the placewhiclrhe occupied in the church as aleader in all its business and socialand moral interests.. The communityhas lost one of its most distinguishedcitizens, the church an invaluablejmember and the hcVne one whoseplace can never be filled. ,"We would express our sincerestsympathy to his family. The losshere is irreparable. But to have hadsuch a father and such a husband isdistinction enough for any family.The community, too, will miss himbecause he' was interested in everything that looked toward the betterment of mankind. But the churchabove all else will miss him becauseof his minute interest in every detail of its welfare and work. It washis very jmeat and drink. His lovefor it was beautiful. His interest init intense. His service for it wasuntiring."The memory of his devotion tohis church it an inspriation to us--hisfellow workers. And speakingfrom the shadow of that memory wecall upon Our Heavenly Father tohelp us to be more faithful and efficient in the service of our Lord andSaviour. This great and good manhas gone away from us, but his influence lingers with us to cheer and"We deplore his loss, we honor hismemory, and we "confidently-expectto meet him at no distant day- in thathcjme above where partings- are nomore. " " ""R FT CL.ENDBNIN, Chairman."F .P. LOWRY, v ""W. B. ELLIS, ' '"J. J. VEATCH."B-4 TIREInsure with ,W.O. HINTON &SON,AgtsoA CHAflCETTO M3DE 300P IN-VESTMEHT.Anyone looking" for a good investment cannot do better than ta attendthe public sale to be held In frontof the court house door in .raris, ivy.,Saturday, Feb. 22. Dr. J. A. Gilkeywill, at that time and place, offerfor sale at public outcry two nicesmall farms, well-located near Paris,and very desirable property. Readthe display advertisement in thislaeue describing the property and attend the sale. (7-5t)TOBACCO -MARKETSAt yesterday's sale the BourbonTobacco Warehouse Companyold atotal of 72,805 .pounds of tobaccofor a money value of $33,462.02, an!average or ?45.96. The market wasfairly good on all grades, and thebidding was up to the average of pre'vious sales. The next sale at thishouse will be held to-day closing forthe week. Some ot the best cropaverages at yesterday's sale were asfollows:Taul & Hash, 2,365 pounds, average $55.03; Stewart Bros, 6,200pounds, average $42.30; Grimes &Johnson,? 2,480 pounds, average$67.56; Linville & Son, 2,770 poundsaverage $43.64; Jones & Strawder,1,025 pounds, average $44.50; Bell& Kenney 1,695 pounds, average$49.71; Endicott & Shaw, 6,740.pounds, average $42.91; Clay &Donaldson, 2,940 pounds, average$51.08; Caywood & Fletcher, 3,625pounds, average $71.25; McKenney& Skillman, 2,725 pounds, average$58.25; Turner &v Holmes, 1,295pounds, average $41.84; Clay & Tobin, 5,425 pounds, average $55.00;Baldwin & Florence, 885 pounds, average $43.03; Wiiedemann & Fox, 2,035 pounds, average $44.42; J. W.Lrupnmay, 5,790 pounds, average$65.56; Wiedemann & Henderson,2,890 pounds, average $40.38; Jones& Harmon, 1,860 pounds, average$35.22; Clarke & Horesman, 1,860pounds, average $52.28; Wilkerson& Curtis, 1,585 pounds, average$53.96.The Paris market Wednesdayshowed the usual tendency towardhigh prices, with-the exception of thelow grades, where a slight declinewas noticeable. The IndependentHouse disposed 'of a total of 79,375pounds, for $37,651.76, a floor average of $47.45. The crops averagedfrom $38.00 to $68.30.The Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCompany sold Wednesday a total of122,880 pounds of tobacco for an average" of N $46.97. Some of the bestcrop averages follow:Burke, Brent & Boaz, 11,115pounds, average $66.40; Rogers &Summers, 2,555 pounds, average$42.62- M. Shelton, 3,455 pounds,average $65.99; I. T. Shelton, 3,220pounds, average $55.40; Will Stewadt, 3,005 pounds, average $50.68;Keller & Lail, 2,310 pounds, average$33.76; Keller & Daniels, 1,675pounds, average $33.81; McCray &Co., 2,835 pounds, average $36.69;Collins & Butler Bros., 3,055 pounds,average J$ 60.2 9; Wesley Florence, 1,-mxounds, average $51,631 Alverson ?fc, Cameron, 1,735 pounds; average $47.76; Allen & Pence, 4,545pounds, average $30.84; Thorn &Dudley, 2,985 pounds, average $37.41; Dimimitt & Heflin, 3,375 pounds,average $55.34; Bishop, Mattox &-Er-irmo- 9RRft reminds, averaere- A nymA' U& AVllf-n W vr v ."- F ' w -$50.32: Liggett & Tucker, 2,570pounds, average $37.53; Dotson &Maines, 4,130 pounds, average ?35,50: Burke & Day Bros., 5,415 poundsaverage $53.76; Layson & Riggs, 1,-835 pounds, average $72.85; Aiverson & Cameron, 2,500 pounds, average $72.19; Alverson & Coward, 2,405, pounds; average $69.79N; J. W.Connell & Shanks, 2,290 pounds, average $51.29; Miller & Crump, 3,640pounds, average $58. 8; Rogers &Tarr, 1,305 pounds, average $43.83;Redmon &IWagner, 2455 pounds,average $35.65; Toney Fryman, 3,580 pounds, average $34.10; W. C.Smith, 3,000 pounds, average $37.39; Thomas Columbia, 4,685 pounds,average $40.50; Buckley, Leer &Randall Brso., 3,270 pounds, average $60.34.At the Fayette Tobacco Ware.house No. 1, in Lexington, Tuesday,Taylor & Burden,-of this county,sold a crop of 9,020 pounds of tobacco for an average of $64:96. Atthe same house on the same day Taylor, jp, nnwr nf this county, sold acrop of 3,410 -pounds of tobacco foran average of $63.34. Meteer &Stakelin, of Bourbon, also sold acrop of 14,140 pounds at this house,for which they received an averageof $57.62.oFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford BrymCLAEK BEALTt CO. MOVESOFFICE TO COTJET HOUSE.Mr. Walter Clark his moved hisrealestate office- to the County TaxCommissioner's office in the basementof the Court House, where he i nowopen and ready for business.The Clark Real Estate Agencyhave on their lists & number of verydesirable Bourbon farms that theywill' sell at attractive prices. Likewise they have many desirable houses and lots in Paris for sale at reasonable prices. Possession on manyof these properties can be had onMarch 1, 1919.If you contemplate movingi toParis-see Mr.Clark and buy a townhouse You can sell later at a profitand save the rent. Call in and .lookover our lists. , ," .CliARK RBALTY uu.,(4-tf) Par3. K?-o lBEST QUALITY SEEDS,Highest quality Red Clover,Aklke, Timothy,. Seed Oats,Cotton Seed fMeal. -CHAS. S. BRENT & WO.'(feh-14-tfJ '-MRS. MABEL PRANK'SPROBATED.WILL ISIn the County Court, Tuesday, thelast will and testament of Mrs. MabelRussel Frank, of Paris, whose tragicaeain Dy Durning at me nogne oi ner ueiu m r ranee last juiy, was aamother, Mrs. Charles Barnett, near mitted to record and probated in theTaylorsville, in Spencer county, was County Court, Wednesday. The db5recorded in THE NEWS, was admit-iumetat is a very short one, and Isted to probate. The will bore dateof May 28, 1918, and was witnessedhy Robert C. Talbott and Wade H.Whitley.The instrument provides that incase Russell Frank marries and thewife and children survive at his jdeath, they are to divide the estate,half to the wife and the remaininghalf of the estate to the children.In case Russell Frank dies withouta wife or child, the estate is then tobe divided into two equal parts, onepart to go to the heirs of Mrs.Frank's late husband, Mr. Burton A.Frank, and the remaining one-halfto testatrix's two sisters, Mrs. Chas.Wilinoth, of Paris, and Mrs. JohnBarnes, of Mt. Sterling.The will devises to Burton AmendeFrank, son of Julian Frank, who wasnamed for Mrs. Frank's deceasedhusband, the sum of $1,000. Thewill aames the brothers and, sistersof her deceased husband and thoseof her side of the family, Mrs. MacieWhite Fithian, Mrs. Kate Barnes andMrs. Louise Wiljmoth, as legatees ofthe will in the event her son, Russell Frank, dies without issue. Ineither event she leaves to Miss Emma Lou Scott, under certain conditions, the sum of $2,000.A codicil attached to the will andwritten a short time before Mrs.Frank's death, left $2,000 outrightto Mrs Frank's aunt, Mrs. MacieWhite Fithian, of Paris.The Bourbon-Agricultural Bank& Trust Co., Tuesday qualified as administrators of the estate with thewill annexed, bond being fixed at$50,000, without surety, no securitybeing required under the Trust Co.'scharter, the law dispensing withsame.oBETTEE THAN TOBACCO MONEYGo to the Loveli sale and buy thatsorghum mill. It will make youmore money than tobacco. Read thebig ad in THE NEWS. Geo. D.Speakes and M. F. Kenney Auctioneers. PAEIS BANKS TO BE CLOSED TOMOEEOW. To-morrow, Saturday, February22, will be the anniversary of thaibirthday, of George Washington,American's first President "first inwar, first in peace, and first in thehearts of his countrymen," The daywill be a holiday, and as such will beobserved by the banks of Paris.These institutions will be closed allday. Make your financial arrangements accordingly, and secure your"change" to-day.ft WE KNOW HW jjDon'tExperimentwithHatsl '-.vIRITICAL DRESSERS find our new styles inStetson Hats justand you are suretfsfcfflknow we carry a representative line of Hats ofdifferent makes and a fine range of prices.We EmphasizeStetson Hatsbecause the tendency is all toward higher pricedhats and we want you to know we can give yousound values.Drop in the. next time youare passing by and let usshow you these Hats.$6.00 to $10.004,i:8MITCHELL & BLAKEMORENettleton Shoes&r. Reed's Cushion Sole ShoesManhattan Shirts'" Stetson MatsK.WILL OF CAPT. REUBEN HUTCH!-CRAIT PROBATED.The last willand testament of,Capt. Reuben B.Hutchcraft, whowas killed In action on the battle-dated Paris, Ky., Aug. 25, 1917.Had Capt. Hutchcraft's piotherdied first, Transylvania University,of Lexington, would have received,that portion of his estate, otherthan that he would have receivedfrom his mother's estate. The willfollows:"I bequeath all of my property ofevery sort to my mother. Should mymother die before I do then I bequeath my property, which I myselfreceive from her estate to my twosisters and the balance of my property to Transylvania University Inominate James McCIure executor ofthe will and ask that he consider mysalary allotment as a part of theestate."(Signed)"REUBEN HUTCHCRAFT, JR."Mr. James McCIure qualified asexecutor of the estate, by furnishing"bond in the sum of $20,000, witk.W. W. Haley and John T. Hedges,Hord Mann and John T. Hedges asappraisers of the estate.REAL ESTATE BEST PAYING INVESTMENT NOW.Money invested in real estate, estate, especially suburban property, isnow one of the safest and beat investments for idle capital. On Saturday, Feb. 22, Dr. J. A. Gilkey willoffer at public sale at the court housedoor in Paris, Ky., a most desirablelot of property, two small, farm,well and conveniently-located in thesuburbs of Paris. This property isclosely described in the big displayadvertisement published in this isuof THE NEWS. Read the ad and attend the sale. (7-5t)YOUNG GIEL CASHING CHECKSWITH MOTHER'S NAMEChecks, purpotingto have beensigned by her mother, a well-knownParis woman residing on High street,have been cashed by various Parismerchants in the last few days for ayoung gfrl of the school age. Thechecks have been pronounced forgeries when returned to thePariswoman, who upon investigation, toher. horror, found that the forger washer own daughter.For the protection of the publicthe police have the young woman,under surveillance, and if any moreof the forged checks turn up, she willbe taken into custody. The amountswhich the merchants had unwittingly advanced on the supposedly goodchecks, have been made good by thegirl's mother, but if the incidenthappens again, it is likely there willbe prosecution in the courts.Cwhat they have in mindof Stetson values, as youirICiif. vM,-. i.Lrr'Hv'. wfi;-T-. ,Ji, y-rfs' Kjtf&'1,iJtTHE BOTOBON NEWS, PABIS, KEjlCTCKTFRIDAY, FEBRUAHY 21f lilt.)T EASE TWOm BOURBON NEWSEMUisked 188137 Years of Continuous PublicationNtiiihed Every Tuesday and FridayPc Year.. ?2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Adavance.IWQT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.Mred at the Paris, Kentucky,Portoffioe as Mall Hatter of theSecond. Claw.)Amj erroneous reflection upon thefribaracter, standing or reputation ofIwy iersoa, firm or corporation whichpm.7 'appear In the columns of THEJMUEBON NEWS will be gladly cor-retted If brought to attention of theeEer.ter everything that will contributetoward Imaking a better Paris andbetter Parisians.The person or town that can seeno room for improvement falls inwith the animal that always has andalways will be, just an animal.Curiosity and dissatisfaction are themotive powers that push us out ofthe hole of content. So let us all keepalive within our being dissatisfaction with ourselves and with Parisunless there is progress all alongthe line.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 pertech or first time; 50 cents per inchftaoh subsequent Insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineachUsue; reading notices In blade$ypeifttcent8 per line, each issue.CarrfiT of thanks, calls on candl4tee, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for- large advertiseg&efcts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othersaatUr for publication.Announcements for political officesmost invariably be accompanied bythe cash.EDETORT AT, MUSINGS."Provide Work, Not Charity."It is almost tragic to note the lonehand being played by men like Secretary of the Interior Franklin K.Lane, who recognizes the importanceof providing industrial employment.When war and destruction were inthe air there were untold billions ofpublic money ready to meet everycall; whereas the country is goingheadlong toward industrial depression, and the Democracy of Peace iscut short in appropriation bills. Secretary Lane declares that in thetransition from war to peace theremay be an interval of hard times.To meet emergencies that may arisethe nation could afford to expend thebillion dollars in profitable ways.oBREAKS A COLD INJUST A PEW HOURSDR. M. E. KING, M. D.AndCHI-RO-PRAC-TORAnnounces The Removal Of His OfficeFrom 1809 WEST BROADWAY510 STARKS BUILDINGLouisville, Ky.Office Hours 10 to 1 and 4 to 7.Office Phone City 262.(14-3t)Farms For Sale.For quick sale two mall farms,well located, one containing tenacres, the other twenty-six acres;also some nice town property.WALTER CLARK REAL ESTATEAGENCY. (18-tf)A Glorious Dissatisfaction.Are you satisfied with Paris as itis to-day? Do you think it has progressed sufficiently and that we carinow afford to rest and let it go atthat? If we all think that way theold town would not only stop, butit would surely sink into decay.'Let well enough alone" never"built a new dam or took -Over an electric light or a water plant or inducednew enterprises, giving employmentto hundreds of workers, to come intoour territory.. Strict adherence tothat sort of doctrine would have keptyou: and one and all who would follow us, in a cave with a never-ending1struggle with beasts of prey andeneiny tribes. But dissatisfaction ofouf ancestors with existingorder, gave us all the advantages weatre now able to enjoy. And in yourdesire and my desire for a bettertown and a better world there is allthe? future progress and accomplishment of our city and of the world.The man of the stone age said:"I want to do better than this; I amsot satisfied." And dissatisfactionpushed hipn on and up.. It changedhia spear, that he could hurl but afew yards, to the rifled cannon thatshoots distance of many miles. Itchanged that canoe of bark to thefloating palaces and the moderndrekdnaught. la gave us the meansof going to the ocean's bottom andfar up into the frigid heights of theair It has given us all that we enjoyana" 'appreciate to-day. The humanmind0 is incapable of comprehendingthe' heights to which we may ascendat 4he- thousands of years to come.jKeayen help the country, thetown, or the individual in whichKkbit is stronger than dissatisfactioa, for there we see all kinds ofimprovements ccpne to an end. Ifthere were no such thing as dissatisfaction and unrest we still wouldeai'bui vanquished enemies and ourcoaquerers would eat us. If the colesitti had "accepted the oppression ofklogs as just, America would still beonlfr a "possession." So with Parisajuourselves. "We must move, -butalways forward and never backward. "We must revive the Commercial M21ub and other organizations that have sunk into rest because of the war activities. Blesstbjfe agitators, call them kickers, ifyou wih, for they have built thecity of Paris and have helped tokeep it going. Let us long and workfor better Paris, better streets, bet-'Tape's Cold Compound" EndsGrippe Misery Don't StayStuffed-np!You can end grippe and break upa severe cold either in head, chest,body or limbs, by taking a dose of"Pape's Cold Compound" every twohours until three doses are taken.It promptly opens clogged-'up nostrils and air passages in the head,stops -nasty discharge or nose running, relieves sick headache, dullness, feverishness, sore throat, sneezing, soreness ond stiffness.Don't stay stuffed up! Quit blowing and sniffling! East your throbbing head nothing else in the worldgives such prompt relief as "Pape'sCold Compound," which costs only afew cents at any drug store. It actswithout assistance, tastes nice, andcauses no inconvenience. Be sureyou get the genuine. a (adv)WANTEDWanted at once, a good farm hand,by the month.CHARLTON ALEXANDER.Cumberland Phone 135.Paris, Ky.(4-tf)For Sale7One 6-foot glass counter case, andtwo interchangeable shelves, plateglass top. Will sell at a bargain.(14-3t) DR. W. R. FRANKLIN.For Sale.I offer at private sale the gentlestand best family mare in Bourboncounty; good driver; splendid chancefor anyone wishing to buy a gentlemare.MRS. NELLIE S. HIGHLAND.(14-tf)For SaleFurs and HidesWe pay highest prices for iron,hides, junk and wool.MUNICH & WIDES & CO.,Eighth St., Paris, Ky'.,Cumb. Phone 374.(23-tf)AnnouncementSALE OF HIGH-CLASSDuroc Jersey Sows and Giltsto be heldMARCH 7th, 1919-byHILDABRAND BROS.RUSSELLVILLE, KY.This offering reprMents some ofthe greatest Wood that belongs tothe breed. Interested parties writefor catalogue.Having leased my farm and movedto town, I offer at private sale asolid mahogany set, consisting oflarge sideboard, serving table, dining table, one-half dozen chairs,and china closet.MRS. NELLIE S. HIGHLAND.(14-tf)Attention, Farmers!If you need anything in the wayof Saddles, Collars,-Bridles, Etc., Ihave the best money can buy andmake, at reasonable prices.If you want a watch, don't go to ablacksmith shop to buy it, and don'ttake your horse to a jeweler to gethi shod; always go to a mechanicand you will get the best goods andit won't cost any more than cheapgoods.,(28-lmo H. KBEENER.Wanted.To buy 5 room cottage, electricity,bath. State best price, location, etc.CAPT." HUGH CAMPBELL,115 Clark Street, Jeffersonville, Ind.(ll-4t)WANTEDThree experienced paste boysUwork with paper hangers. Apply tothe "J. T. Hinton Co., corner Mainand Sixth Streets, Paris, Ky.(14-4t)FOR RENT.MainStore room, fronting onstreet in Masonic Temple.Single room, second floor, runningwater, elevator acommodations, foroffice use or living apartment.o. t. hinton;Agt., Masonic Temple.Public SaleForty Draft MaresI will sell at public sale at theThos. G. Morris stable, on Mainstreet, in Paris, onMonday, March 3, '19,forty head of good draft mares,weighing between 200 and 1,400pounds. Each animal will be soldwith a written guarantee. Sale willbegin promptly at one o'clock. Thiswill be a rare chance to get goodwork mares.(18-3t) RENAKER PARKS.Public RentingOFBluegrass Pasture andTimothy GrazingLand.If not rented privately before, Iwill, onSaturday, March 1, '19,at 2:00 p. m. in front of the courthouse, in Paris, Ky., rent publicly5156 acres of bluegrass and timothy land. Said land is the JohnHarris Clay farm, on the Spears Millpike, in Bourbon County, Ky., aboutsix miles from Paris, Ky. Possessionwill be given on day of renting, andwill continue until January 1, 120.Also at the some time and place Iwill sell publicly 72 shocks of cornin the field.For further information, apply toMRS. C. M. CLAY,Cum. Phone 118. Paris, Ky.(18-tf)IPUBLIC SALELive Stock, Cro) and FarmingIrnhJemenl sIn order to give possession of the farm we now occupy, and havingfailed to secure another, we will sell at public auction on the premises,knofirn as the Hugh McGrady farm one mile from Muir Station, sevenor eight miles from Lexington, and four miles from Hutchison on theBryant Station pike the following crop, live stock, crop, etc., onWednesday, f ebruarij 26, 1919jOneOneOneOne pair eight-year-old taules, 16hands high, splendid workers;One pair good big three-year-oldmules;One pair yearling mules;One pair weanling mules;One weanling horse mule;One young Perchero. horse;One gray horse, good worker;gray mare, even-years-ol(Lsound and a good worker;six-year-old combined gelding;eight-year-old work and driving horse;n gray jma.re, nine-years old, a goodslave;n bay mule, a good worker, andknodding walker;One brown mare, coming eight yearsold and in foal to. jack;One mare, seven-years-old, in foal tojack;n white face mare, nine-years-old,sound and a good worker;One weanliug colt by Golden Mack;Six good calves;na black cow with calf by side;Bred cow to be fresh March 1;Pat cow;One fat dry cow, 1,000 poundg;Two good heifers;me Jersey cow, freshen to lastMarch;20tons of baled mixed hay inbarn:Four or five tons clover hay, baledand never had rain on it;Several tons of sheaf oats;Some baled straw;Corn In crib;Two sows and pigs;Five 90 -pound shoats;23 fat hogs will weigh 250 pounds;125 good black-faced ewes to lamblast half of March;One Deering binder, bought newlast season;Two riding cultivators, good as new;Five new cutting harrows, neverbeen hitched to;Two blue grass seed strippers;One fertilizer drill;One good tobacco setter;One good corn planter;One good corn planter;One land roller;One hay baler;One road wagon;Two bull rakes;One hejmp cutting machine;24 hemp breakB;'Two mowing machines, bought newlast season;Two good farm wagons and frames;One feed slide and lots of other. things. ?PUBLIC AUCTIONSale will begin promptly at 10 o'clock a, m.TERMS Made known on day o f sale.SARA M. DANIEL,G. C. ODER.JOHN BAIN, Auctioneer.(18-3t)OfTwo Desirable Snail Fame!Having purchased a larger farm, I will sell at public auction, at the CourtHouse door in Paris, Ky., at eleven o'clock a. m., onSaturday, Feb. 1919two desirable suburban small farms, lying adjacent to the city of Paris, either ofwhich will make a moat desirable money maker for persons looking for small farms.No. 1 Contains 7 Acres of Landlocated on Howard's Lane, just off Second Street, beyond the limits of Paris. Fiveacres of this land will grow tobacco, the remaining two acres is improved with anew tobacco barn and three good rent houses. The land is well watered and willmake an ideal little- home.No, 2 Contains 14.94 Acres of Good, Deep Soillocated on the Georgetown pike, in the edge of Paris, and adjoining the land of Mr.Lee Cox. This small farm is unimproved, but has some good tobacco land, andthe remainder will raise most anything it is planted in. There is a large frontageon the pike to this small tract of land, making it most desirable either as a cultivating farm or for the purpose of sub-dividing and selling off in smaller tracts.Terms.One-third cash upon delivery of the deed, the balance in one and two years,deferred notes to bear 6 per cent interest. (DR. J. A. GILKEYM. F. KEN NEY, Auctioneer.PARIS, KENTUCKYUd)Public SaleFine Tobacco LandSaturday, February 22, 1919, at 2 O'clockAs agents for one of the heirs of the late Amos Turney, we will sell on the above date on the premises on the Paris and Maysville pike, one and one-half miles from the city limits140 ACRES OF OLD HEAVY BLUE GRASS SOD LANDThis tract is one of the best opportunities "for tobacco growers so far placed before the public. No tobacco or hemp was ever grown on this land and not a foot of it has beenplowed in twenty-five years. There is no waste land on the place. It lays wejl, is well watered and fenced and has. five-room tenant house. It is opposite New Forest Station on theLouisville & Nashville Railroad and is ripe and ready for tobacco culture. It-is the cream of Bourbon county soil fertility. Prospective buyers will be shown the farm. The farm will beaold'in two tracts of about equal parts, both of which face on the Maysville pike and both with beautiful building sites. The farm will then be sold as a whole and the highest bid accepted.The terms of the sale will be announced on the day of the sale. Sale positive rain or shine. NCOL. GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer.HARRIS & SPEAKESReal Estate Dealers, Paris, Ky.L7 D. HARRIS, General Business Manager.,. -. H4llt'WtltT&'.v1 -vfr - jp.r; :i-s-rsz--. --,? & -.yv )if.5 ,t-..IDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 191.THE BOTTRBON HEWS, PARISt KENTUCKYfillt-r..- tpff-&5iW&the LeatherShoe PolishesKeepYour Shoes NeatLIQUIDS AND PASTES FOR BLACK..WHITE, TAN AND OX-BLOODADARK BROWN) SHOESsT r. r. UALLCY COflPORATtONS tJJUFFALO.N.Y.German engines over here, with German crews running them. I haven'tyet had one of the latter to passwhile I was on duty. You will haveto hand it to the Germans on theirrailway equipment. Their freightcars are very small, hut, believe me,it is all well-built stuff, and has theFrench-built cars beat forty ways. Iwas looking through one one of theircombination caboose and baggagecars last night. It was a steel carfilled with- all sorts of conveniences;for the men., with a .nice writing jdesk for the conductor, and with aminimum of waste space. Their engines. T understand, even have asmall compartment on each side ofthe boiler, one for heating food andthe other for cooking. Haven t naaa chance as yet to examine their passenger equipment, but from passinngappearances it looks like pretty goodmaterial. But the names on someof their freight cars would choke acow to death. All these cars havethe Imperial German eagle paintedon them." Well, I'll have to close now, andwait for another chance to get inthe letter-writing game. With loveand beBt wishes to all, I am"Affectionately,"LEO."something to occupy our time. Theseries of games between the crackteams of the fleet will start thisweek, and you know, I will be in thegame at some part of it."With best wishes and war-nest regards to all the boys, and eupsciallyto the boys in THE NEWS office, andwith a warning about sending THENEWS so that I will not miss anissue, I hope to remain,"Very Sincerely,"PUNK."Ensign J. Monroe Sweeney,"U. S. Pennsylvania,"Care Postpnaster, New York, N. Y."oCAN WE DO ANYTHING FORTHESE PESTS?J LETTERS FROM BOURBON COUNTY JSOLDIERS AND SAILORS IIfI IUnder date of January 13, LeoGresche, of Paris, writes to his brothers, Joseph, Henry and Will Grosche, in this city, from Chagny,France, where lie is a member of theAmerican Expeditionary Force, asfollows:"Chagny, Sone et Lome, France.January 13, 1919.Dear Folks: Just got throughhad rain about every day since Ihave been in France."We hear now that the divisionwe are in is to be put out of existence, as far as the United States Railway men are concerned, and that wewill be transferred to anorth partof France. I suppose, though, theabove is just another one of the rumors that are constantly flynigaround over here. If we're not goingchasing down the track carrying wa- hcyne, I hope the rumor is reallyter to a French coal' car that was beginning to sing from the blaze of ahot box, and now I guess I'll starta letter. Am going to attempt towrite one letter, or at least a part ofa letter, each night, and see if I can'thold up my end of it better.."We have had one snow here, butdidn't last long enough to even showup on the ground. On severalmornings, though, the mountain topshaye been white with snowfall. Ijust suppose it rains here all winter.At least it seems to me that we havetrue, because we have had enoughof this one vicinity, Chagny. Havenot seen all of France yet that Iwould like to see. I am going to putin 'my application to-morrow for aseven-davs' leave of absence. I wantto wa T-ovna. Nine. Marseilles Mrmte ' tt c "Mnww w j , , .w. r , tiXO j. j. wCarlo, and get a chance to get closer North Dakota joined usThe following letter has been received by THE NEWS from EnsignJ. Monroe Sweeney, son of Mrs. Jno.S. Sweeney, who is now stationed onthe U. S. S. Pennsylvania, the flagship of the fleet now in Cuban waters under command of AdmiralMayo. "Punk's" chief' delight wasfound in the fact tha,t where he isstationed is in the vicinity of sevenbaseball grounds, and the season isabout to open., The letter follows:"Guantanomo Bay, Cuba,February 10, 1919."Dear News Just a few lines toask you to rush THE NEWS to me atonce. I had hoped to secure my release upon my return to Norfolk, butwas ordered last Monday night to report to the fleet Tuesday morning,when it left for Cuban waters. Iam stationed on the U. S. S. Pennsylvania, which is the flagship of thefleet with Admiral Mayo in command. When we lert wampion-Drt'oiio Va the fleet consisted oftwelve of the largest battleships inin a aay or two iuca day outto the Italian and Swiss borders. f r0m Guantanomo, which now makes(WICK BELIEFHN CONSTIPATIONGet Dr. Edwards Olive Tabletstu-3- ;a tio ?rwftil crv of thousandssince Dr.Edwards produced Olive Tablets,the substitute tor caiomei. ... .Dr.Edwards, a practicing physician for17 years and calomel's old-time enemy,discovered the formula for Olive Tabletswhile treating patients for chronic constipation and torpid livers.Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets do notcontain calomel, but a healings soothingvegetable laxative.No griping is the "keynote" of theselittle sugar-coated, olive-colored tablets.They cause the bowels and liver to actnormally. They never force them tounnatural action.If you have a "dark brown mouth" nowand then a bad breath a duU, tiredfeeling sick headache torpid liver andare constipated, you'll find quick, sure andonly pleasant results from one or two little Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets at bedtime.Thousands take one or two every nightjust to keep right Try them, 10c and25c per box. All druggists.That's a lot to see in seven days, andI really don't know if it can oe done.Lyons is only three or four hours runfrom here, and if Marseilles is on theroute from here to Nice (I'm notsure about that being the case, either) I believe I can get a better ideanf Southern France from Nice, and, - ,1 1 would be willing to give up mytrip to Marseilles,"Monte Carlo is only a few milesfronr Nice, and the Italian border isonly a few miles from Monte Carlo,but the Swiss border is quite a waysnorth again, and I don't know If Ican make that this time. I supposebefore I get through I will have toeret it out of my head that I can seeall of Prance in seven days. I figureon having two hundred francs wnenI start. That's only about ?36.00,and. in snite of the fact that ttiyexpenses will be paid, it's not a greatbig lot of money, because any sidefha iminnkv thirteen. But I arn notthe least bit superstitious. I understand that the New Mexico will behere after she brings president wu-son home."Guess we will he here until aboutthe fifteenth of April. I sincerelyhope it will be 'homeward-bound after that time, for there is just oneBourbon county, and there is justone Paris, Kentucky, and you can tieYYinnh Ipro trv to beat it. I likeit down here much better than Ithought I would, except for the heat.Every day the mercury registers fromninety to one nunarea in me suaue,and it never rains nere, i Deneve.Yesterday was about 105 in theshade at Caimenera, where some ofus went to spend a few hours."The national pastime seems to bechicken fighting, and rum drinking.They had an 'old 'spick' orchestra( ? ? ? ) of four pieces, ana tneirComnlaints are heard all the timeof the reckless and unsanitary way Inwhich some people who are supposedto be possessed of ordinary intellierence violate all the known rules ofdecency and good health by expectorating in public places. THE NEWShas endeavored in every way possible to wake the community up to asense of ever-present danger whichlurks in this careless habit. We havereceived the following communication, to which we gladly give space,because of its timeliness and the rebuke it contains:-Paris, Ky., Feb. 17, 1919.,"Ed THE NEWS:"I desire to voice my protestagainst the very disgusting and veryunsanitary habit of people who expectorate on the floors of street cars,restaurants and other public places.In the case of the street car, nodoubt the conductor observes this,but it seems that he does not takeany interest in upholding the law, orelse has his own troubles on hismind. However, we have a law onthe ordinance books of the city prohibiting spitting on the sidewalksand an official order from the UityBoard of Health prohibiting spittingin theatres and public places, butabsolutely no attention is paid toeither. There-is no doubt in theworld that these orders are violatedin this city every day."The worst part of the whole matter is that men (should I say men?)who have the appearance of havingordinary horse sense are the guiltyones. We should have a more stringent method of attending to thesefellows who so flagrantly violate thelaw. Even to say nothing of the unsanitary side of the question, the vulgarity of it is by no means to be overlooked."Charles Dickens, in touring theUnited States, criticized the American people very severely in regardto their promiscuous spitting. 'Surelyif this writer Drought tne maner toour attention many, many years ago,it seems to me that we should knowbetter by this time. I would like tosee the day when any peison foundguilty of spitting on the floor of a"street car, any public conveyance, onon the floors of any puoiic piacecould be found breaking rock for thecity or the county for about thirtydays. It seems no moral suasionwill affect them because of their utter indifference and selfishness.". oOlg 1UC Ul ili.Uli.cjr, ucva.uoo i"J iu i ( ( I i ) J1 1UIU yicvico, uuu wiiwitrips I may take outside of the latest musical hit was, 'Don't BiteCOLDS AND YLJJBESOT TREATEDWITH CALOTABS'leave ones I select, will have to be Jpaid out of my own pocket, whena fellow does get out of Uncle Sam'sarmy he is certainly going to knowthe real value of an American dollar. He will then be able to Btretchit forty different ways, spend it all,and then have some left."From all accounts the surrenderof the Geiynan Navy was some blowto the Vaterland. Well, it is in goodhands now, and will be put to somedecent use. Long trains of Germanfreight cars are as common a sighton this road as the cars of the Louisville & Nashville are to you athome. There is .also a great manyThe Hand That's Feeding You.' Iwill not try to describe some of theircustoms, but will bring you picturesof them. Hope to get over to banDiego soon, but don't think we willget to see Havana, as that is aboutsix hundred miles from here. Guessthe boys are returning pretty fastfrom overseas now. Hope our friend,Andrew Jackson Turney, is one ofthen, and only regret that I am notone of the fortunate ones, too, butbut am living for the coming ofApril. ,"There are aoout seven Daseuaugrounds here, and the season is aboutto open, bo you see we will havetT EU NJ VE R SAJL CARLET THE"PORDSON"DO YOUR WORKWhy not increase the efficiencyon your farm with a fordsbnTractor?Let our regular Tractor mandemonstrate the Eordson to you.Ruggles Motor Co.Bank Row, Paris, Ky. .c J. A I -'.ir -&The New Perfected Calomel That IsFree Prom Nauseating andSalivating EffectsPhysicians or druggists will tellyou that the best thing in the worldfor a cold, grippe or influenza, is t,aitoabs, the perfected calomel, that isfree "from nauseating and salivatingeffects. Doctors have learned thatother laxatives are uncertain and unsatisfactory for colds and grippe, butthat they can.count on uaiotaoe, tnenew calomel, that has all the liverbenehts and none of the sting, tothoroughly arouse tne liver ana putthe system in ideal condition tothrow off the cola- and prevent innu-The best time to take, Calotabs "isat the first sign of a cold. If you takeit at the beginning you can cure acold over night. One Calotab on thetongue at bed time with' a swallowof waterr-that's all. In the morning you wake up feeling fine with ahearty. appetite for. breakfast. Yourcold has vanished and you may congratulate yourself that you have possibly prevented serious complicationsfor physicians tell us that neglectcolds number their victims by thepnillions.For your protection, Calotabs aresold only in original sealed packages,price thirty-five cents. Your druggist will supply you, and your moneygiven back promptly and cheerfullyif you are not deligntea witn misnew form of calomel. (adv)oHOUSTONVULE SCHOOL BUBNED.LOSS PLACED AT $2U,UW.The school building at Houstonville, completed in September at acost of $20,000, was entirely destroyed by fire. The fire started in thefurnace room. There was $10,000insurance on the building. A yearago the three-story brick on the sitewas wrecked by a - hurricane andruined." 'THAT TEEKEBLE HEADACHE.Do you have periodic attacks, .ofheadache accompanied by sickness ofthe stomach or vomiting, a sallowakin and dull eyes? If so, you canget- juick relief by taking Chamberlain's Tablets as directed for biliousness, and you may be able toavoid theue attacks if you observethe directions with each package.(advDHeroism is an ''integral part ofyouth. About 'the first brave thinga boy does is to smoke a cigar.. -o"There isn't much' satisfaction incatching a man in a lie when younever believe any thing he says anyhow.j . oWhat has Jeobme of the old-fashionedapdrtyyouth who called hispint of whialcy a lifhPrervr.2BKa5yMllSBBBBBBBflBBBnr - BV7 aBBVaBbWbmbmbwbmWW $AWPliKk yHHL?mC mZyam!WkWEffSBimwKln ft. K'i9BPR9G'i9S9BBHBrlQBBHBBiaBWsSSB a'Chain TreadThe Economy ofBuying Good Tires-IIt's mighty poor economy to put cheaptires on your car.If you can't depend on your tires, youcan't depend on your car,and you. can't get the high grade ofservice it ought to give you.It pays to buy good tires United StatesTires.They represent the highest value it ispossible to build into tires.There are five different passenger cartreads the only complete line built ifeyany tire manufacturer.Eachhasthe built-in strength that meantyour money back in extra miles.Among them are exactly the tires youwant for your car, and your driving conditions. Our nearest Sales and Service DepotDealer will gladly help you.United States Tiresare Good Tires1.We KNOW United States Tires are GOOD tires. That's why we sell, tfca.BTJGGLE8 MOTOB CO j Jarii, ftMILLEESBTXRG HAEDWABE CO., ... Killenw, ft.J. W. MTTCHELL A SON oitk IMaiekwB, ftGETTING BID 01 COLDS.The easiestjway-to get rid of acold is to take Chemberlain's CoughRemedy. This preparation has beenin j use for many years and its valuefully proven. No matter what remedy you use, however, care must betaken not to contract another soldbefore you have recovered from thefirst one, and there is serious dangerin this. A man of middle age or older should go to hed until fully recovered. It is better to stay in Bedthree days at the start than threeweeks later on., " (adv-Feb.)o' Look before you leap. " Be sureyou are right, and then take anotherlook.IHTJlGESTICflr, -Take a few doMfl of CfcJBter3iA'4Tablets as directed for lmdiWBB.and you will soon Ior,set aboutstomach troubles. Try it.(Adv. Peh).UaPeople with any kind of viiio NJLsee' the time approaching whe metrical experts will be engaged ix determining the alcohol contests of aplate of bread pudding.One of the strangest things ,ia. tftitfworld is how much new- fmraitwe.costs and how cheap. secom4-3stuff is.New Toll Rate Effective January21st, 1919y. - Order No." 2495 of the Telegraph and Telephone Almimtotratftm -issued by the Pofitomaster General at Washington, December 13th, a Mt ;toll rate is ordered effective Januarry 21, 1919. 'According tcT our interpretation of this order the tol ratea'wfll 1jclassified as follow! : The day rate applies between the hour of 4;f ini and 8:30, p. . J ' HI m .-'Night rate between 8:30 and 12 midnight for statIon-to-Utio mm wfgases only, shall be approximately 50 per cent, less t has any iay raessv jbut no night rate for less than 25.cents. ' j1 Another night rate between 12 midnight and 4:5t a. . stalls f 'proximately 75 per cent, lees than the day rate, but o might rate teas 'than' 25 cents. - - j- fy, ! Pereon-to-pereoa messages snail oe approximately .vz. iF' f Appointment calle shall be approxijmately 50 "per celfcjji ' Calls which require service' of a messenger shall take tsir-' -. LA Wltia sat rtf TnMBATICrftr fA. -A report charge of approxlmatly 25 per ,cent; of tjeates fcs.sta i:tion rate will be made on all person-to-person calls, whe.ifmtliiilfi.Lij, will not talkor If sarbr callin ie out waen coineetiom is eess-leted within one hour after iUiag tisae. -.Jryzv-wParis Home Telephone & TelgrapK Ce.p r tiLarJ. J. TXiTCB.Bistritt'Xuftftcex(Iaeoreecate.)1 AS mBWaWIeal- Jii.....rw.- -. -Vafc-&A W 3i.r -vFRIDAY, FEBRUARY 21, IH , ,,PAGE FOTOtbe BousBoir irrws, ?ins, narnrcni"Jj ?- -J-x'imIi235 ACRES THE BEST TOBACCO LAND IN BOURBON COUNTY!1MSaturday, February 22, at 10 A.On the PremisesThe farm is known as the Al Wagoner Farm, located about 5 miles from Paris on the Paris and Cynthiana turnpike,and adjoins the farm of Col. Joe Ewalt. The farm will be subdivided into three tracts, as follows:TRACT NO 1 Contains 150 acres; has an eight-room,frame, slate-roof residence and is one of the best in Bourboncounty. A nice home for anybody; has all necessary outbuildings;hen house, meat house, spring house, garage and other improvements; consisting of water works and cistern at the house andbarn; two tobacco barns that will hold 20 acres of tobacco; goodfeed barn, new tile silo; plenty of running water; a good orchard;-40 acres of wheat sown in grass. Remainder of farm in grass,mostly old blue grass sod. This tract will all raise fine tobacco.TRACT NO. 2 Has 45 acres, all in sod, and the very besttobacco land; well located and fronts on the pike. This land willpay for itself in one year.TRACT NO. 3 Contains 40 acres, all in told sod and willevery foot grow the finest tobacco. This tract fronts on the pike.These above tracts are all well fenced, and lie within about aquarter of a mile of railroad station. VI -jIf you are looking for a good farm and one that is located the best, BE SURE AND ATTEND THIS SALE.TERMS and conditions of sale will be liberal and made known on day of sale. For further information, call onyfX"EALS & HARNEY,RmI Etate Agtnts, Cythiana.GEO. D. SPEAKES,Auctioneer.WADE H. LAIL AND D. C. CLEVELANDPUBLIC SALEOPTWO COTTAGES!iusik order to settle the partnership business heretofore existingbetwlen Prichard & Ball, they have .placed in our hands to sell atpublic auction, on-wkFriday, February 28, 1919at 2 pjl m.,: on the premises, on Fourth Street, near Power Grocery oit their two cottages.- Tney eacn contain iour .rooms,hall, 1ck and front porches, small storage room, water inkitchth: electric lights and gas.lese are desirable little homes and well located.', -fitte positive, rain or shine. - cTfeRMS Made known on day of sale. -vi- ,"-V r ' ?rittCKra oc stctvc.(feb23-t):sf ' -5L i4XPUBLIC SALEOP113 Acres of Good LandvAf Administrator of the late W. T. Jones, I will sell at public auction of;tJie premises, ZVz miles west of Carlisle and 2& miles east ofMilleriBurgNm the Carpenter andtyu'dy 'pifce, 'on s -tataesday, T ebrtwry 26, m,AT! lofydLO&A.M. " ' v-j,krin-Tru?;! iIN, MP ! TRACTS'4 TRACT Consists of 45acre, nfx-rwo Darns, t room nouse inrood o4MUon and fine orcn4rdFaitnacree tgood shape. About' XOlland.SBterm.TRACT--Consists ptBJe barn, tenant 'hbus6' amother l ceesary outbuildings. m AboutIf acria-gooa lODacco isuia.At tu-same time and place willMil thtj&rtlowing: .lffcifjare,.jpoJl worlt mare- '1 Mrrtfcvi&re 5 years rxld, ladyX n S-jSSold black horse, good1 6-year-old Jersey cow, to calve inMarch;' Y,1 jyear-qld red 'cow" , to calve ia1 Aiarcn; - ' - . .1 5-year-old Jersey cow, givingmilk; , -X fyerold reef cow;, gfrikgmillcj "50, Southdown sheep, due to lamb inMarch, extra good;Jl buggy-and;. harness;;-- - ----. -1 Avery riding turning plow;1 Brindley cultivator;.2 double-shovels; r - ,-About50 chicken hens;i5 turkeys, 4 hens ad7' gobbler;Household and kitchen fiirintiire.BIG LAND SALEOF FINE BLUE GRASS FARMTuesday, Feb. 25, 1919, at 10 AM.On the Premises..i -vg&'Ths W. Z. Thomson farm of 510 acres, .situated on the Lexington and Georgetown turnpike,about mid-way between Georgetownand Lexington, near Donerail Station of the Q. & C. Railway,WITH THE GEORGETOWN AND LEXINGTON INTERUMAN RUNNING BY THE ENTIREFARM.It has 230 acres of old blue grass sod, ready for. tobacco,. and oyer 70 acres of new grass.Seven tobacco barns and four tenant houses. The most splendidly watered farm in Central Kentucky. ardly an acre of waste land on the entire 510 acres. It will be sold in five tracts, asfollows: ,Tract No. 1Consists of 148 acres on the southern end of said farm, has good tenant house, two tobaccobarns, fine spring and two first-class pools, has 100 acres of old blue grass sod which will raisesplendid tobacco. -.r -: Tract No. 2Consists of about 90 acres, together with tenant house and 12-acre tobacco barn, big concretesilo, finest kind of spring water and' good pool, 30 acres of old: blue grass tobacco Iaiid, balancelngrass and wheat. '" ,I: -.. -. '- . . Tract Nok3 .. C ..'-.-'r ."' 1.7 '' i.r.X it;..', Jf5'5 t!.'"i .j-.'Consists oLaboiit 90 acres, with tenant house and? 8:acre tobacco barn, with nearly all in-, iau''rasa amu t iet ovrcre ux uiu uiuts Kiafcta tuuaccu laim, 9pienam,-pooi ana nice woodland. 'Tract no; 4;:,.': i" Ponpistoi'abpi?t 120 acres, tenant house; two tolcco,'barns, at least 50acres of: old bluegrass tooacco land wwn nearly an tne reit m grass, tine iconcreted spring. :.iract no. 5 i r"..-.. s . . . .--. :-"AiBe, biit good tobacco barn. 20 acres ol old bhie?1' ""VMConsists. of about 60 acreabi .nontenant hpuse,f i iiSL-'7 r?!fM and.theainderin'grasswith.theexceptionof 12 acres of wheat, ne lpringarid :,' :.'t ' 'pool.' " j.. v.. :. .t. :A - - -' ;' ,j, .- --: l . ---TherA-f iondf the most beautiful buildmg sitek in thtfState on these tracts of land. - ' : -' :Farm with Douridaries of various. tracts will be shown to anv one by eneaflremehtwith Ford & ' -'.mt J t a' a l.t. r - "a' '' Tr ' '1 " ;nooa, real estate agents, ueorgetown, y.iWl.j "F"iJ JSP - ." " .v - 'v 4V, A RRADFY nrfH f FORD I ROMVAR RONn .J C V Rlirif I FYi..w.Other small articles too numerousto jmention.', . Tzil' '74 17S?r'driJ?rv '.;'! J,-44TKMade kmown bn day of sale.&r ;r .; , ,-,CT.rj,-.. ST 1? .. , r 3- 'MDR; C. T. JONES, Administrator.r;'iZl-n) 7. - ; - . ly cn.' Dr8EKAxiB?ucttoiir.f'a.j., ,y- yjs srrytEfrr tt ' , '- J it'., .r. Jr-(ir- i j-'? ".vyr a. .s.tt.'TL " ;: . &-,-s&.A 'SyRIDAT; FEBlttrARY' 2i;?19i&. v '"THE B0raB0N;tinSWS,Jfl(18, JaSHISg23.:V.;. lti ', " .. A ' ". . .. ' '.;-,C!s)FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSESOCIAL ASD PERSONAL.Joinings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There and -Elsewhere.BEST QUALITY SEEDS.Highest quality Red Clover,Alsike, Timothy, Seed Oats,Cotton Seed Meal.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.leb-14-tf)ATTEND THE LOVELL SALE .Go to the Lovell sale and buy aJeed mill. It will be money savedfor you. Read the big ad in THEHEWS. Geo. D. Speakes and M. P.Kenney, Auctioneers.oCOMMUNITY CHOBttS REHEARS-ALS TEMPOKARILYSUSPENDED.The Community Chorus rehearsalswill be suspended from now on until further notice. This is notice toall the members, and they are askedto govern thejmselves accordingly.oINSURANCE.Fire, Tornado. Lishtninz,Automobile and Hail.YERKES & PEED.(3anl4-tf)o?ABMEES SUPPLt COMPANY ABIWE-ENOUGH; SUPPLY HOUSEWe have the largest line of harBss in Central Kentucky; JohnIeere wagons, disc harrows, cornplanters, cultivators, cultipacker,plows, drag harrows, points for Oliver and Vulcan plows, 70 centseaeh; double and single trees, allkinds of Oils, most everything afarmer -needs. The best goods fortite lowest price.(18-2t) FARMERS SUPPLY CO.oADMINISTRATOR APPOINTEDIn the County ourt Mrs. .FarcieMcDuffie was appointed as administrator of the estate of her deceasedhusband, Mr. Albert McDuffie. Mrs.McDuffie accepted the trust andqualified by furnishing bond in thesum of ? 3,0 00, with Edward Burkeas surety. Jesse Alverson, Thos. H.Napier and Edward Burke were appointed to appraise the estate.oGO TO THE LOVELL SALE.Attend the Lovell sale and buythat cider mill. It is as good asnew and will be a bargain for someone desiring a machine. Read thebig d in THE NEWS. Geo. D.Speakes and M. F. Kenney, Auctioneers. oREPORT OE BOTKIN SALEAuctioneer M. F. Kenney, whoconducted the sale of stock, crop,farming implements, etc., belongingto Mr. Jos. Botkin, on the premises,on the Jackstown pike, near Paris,Wednesday, makes the following report: Cows sold for $65 to $100; broodsows, $33 to $35; mountain sheep,$14 per head; heifer calves, $25 perhead; steer calves, $35 per head;corn, $8.50 per barrel; chickens, $14per dozen; geese, $2.25 each; farming implements sold well."HEADING SOUTH?"Paris police officials and thecounty authorities have been askedby the Louisville authorities to keepa lookout for twelve fugitives, bothwhite and colored, who are supposedto have headed this way. The menmade their escape frcta the courtroom in Louisville, while awaitingtrial Tuesday.The authorities here were furnished accurate descriptions of the men,and are keeping a close watch on,. alltrains , and other" transportation,sources but so far none of the suspected men. have put put in an appearance. i "' j;ATTEND ,nra LOVELL SALE." ;- . f'That' four-horse power steam engine to.be sold at the Lovell sale maybe the' very thing you have beenlooking for. Attend the sale and seefor yourself. Read the big ad inTHE NEWS. Geo. D. Speakes' andM. F. Kenney, Auctioneers,! . oAT THE PARIS GRAND'AND THEALAH0.The Paris Grand and The.;Aiam.Theatre vill present a variegated'prograii to their patrons this week,ny. Y -!.-. ;. "holf rtf tTlA WCek. Weshould pay. Beginning last nightvrith tb!e engagement of The Majes-tic Merrymakers, a nrsi-cta vuuviiio otwntinn .. tTip.rfi will be presented to-night and to-morrow nighta program of attractions calculatedto suit the taste of all. The pro-PT-q!yi frvllvurc & iTordaf. Friday, February. 21-r-Atthe AlaSao, in the afternoon Picture program only. At iu x-mGrand at niht Majestic Merryrnakers, in 'The Iele of WiJi; .Picture Program: Dorothy Gish, in"Battling Jane;'1 Pearl White, :ln;theSerial, ;The Lightening Jtaiders;Ford Sterling, in "The SnoWCure;'Hearst '-News Pictures. One showonly, beginning at 7:30 p. m.To-morrow, Saturday, Febniary22;At the Alamo-Picture jrpgra,m;At the&ris Grand at night TheMajestic; Merrymakers, in "Cohen'sWedding" Picture Program: . Mabelormanin "A Perfect 3&;" Smiling Bill parsons, in "Bill's Sweetie;"Current-: Events Pictograph prograln. ;. -l-.j'lMonday, .-February- 24--PxctureProgram! "The Girl of the GoMa"West;" James .Montgomery mScomedy, "Ijlowanoe mmM. v BratTackg;" BurtpiiTgtoi Traaribiie.-Mrs. John T. Reffett is very illat her home on Cypress street.-Mrs. John Merringer is convalescing after an illness of severalweeks.Mrs. E. S. Bruce has returnedfrom a; visit to relatives and friendsin Chicago.Mrs. Lyda Conwav la a o-noaf ncher brother, Mr. Harold Johnson, inColumbus Ohio.Mrs. Emmett Edwards anddaughter have returned from a visitto friends in Cincinnati.Mr. Wm. W. Dudley is convalescent after a four-weeks' illness ofinfluenza, and is able to be outagain.Mr. Victor Howard, of Georgetown, is seriously ill at the home ofhis sister, Mrs. George K. Redmoh,hear Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Squire' Lucas havereturned frojm a visit to their son,Mr. Thomas Lucas, at Indianapolis,Indiana.Mrs. Carrie F.- Stone, trainednurse was called to Mayslick, Ky.,Tuesday in a professional capacity,to iaKe cnarge or a patient.Mr. Coleman Renick. son of Mr.and Mrs. B. M. Renick, of this city,has gone to Chicago to take a specialcourse of study in chemsitry.Mtss Elizabeth Hedges will leavethis week for Charleston, West Virginia, where she will take a nositionin the service of the Government.Mr. and Mrs. Charles B. Morfordand son, Bruce Morford, have returned to their hopne in Ewing, after a visit to Mrs. Lucy Duffey. onLink avenue, in this city.Friends of Mrs. James W.Thompson, will be glad to learn thatshe is convalescent after a week's illness. Her sister, Mrs. TalithaChenault, of Lexington, is with her.Mr. Luther Jacoby, of the county, accompanied by his physician,Dr. William Kenney, went to Louisville, where he will be a patient in aLouisville hospital undergoing treatment.Invitations have been issued toa Washington's Birthday" dance, tobe given at the Masonic Temple inthis city to-morrow night, Saturday,February 22. The hours will befrom 8:30 to 2:30. The music willbe furnished by a local orchestra.Miss Lillian Howard, of theCumberland Telephone Co.'s operators' force, who underwent an operation at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, about three weeksago, was able to leave that institution and return to her home Tuesday. 'Chief of Police Link and familywill, move in a few days from theirpresent hojme in Thornton Additionto the Bashford cottage on Pleasantstreet, between Ninth and- Tenthstreets. Mr. Clelland Bryant, of theL. & N., will move from Livingstonto the home to be vacated by ChiefLink.Mr. Charles P. Mann and daughter, Mrs. Howard B. Carr, motored toLouisville, yesterday, to remain during the rest of the week with Mrs.Mann, who is a patient at NortonInfirmary, where she recently underwent a successful surgical operation.Mrs. Mann was reported yesterday asgetting along very nicely.Mr. Swift Champ, editor of THENEWjS only asks that he will try toburg, Florida, where he will spend amonth's vacation with friends. THENEWS only asks that he will try tosend back some fishing stories thatwill vie with those brought back byMr. Jos. W. Davis and MrrM. H.Dailey. Nothing less than a fortyfoot tarpon will be acceptable.-r-Mrs. Jos. M. Rion is able to beout after a severe attack of rheumatism. Mrs. L. B. Purnell is convalescent after a four-weeks' illness of influenza followed by pneumonia, andis able to be up and about her room.Mr. Edwin G. Bedford, of Oklahoma City, Okla., who accompaniedthe body of his mother, Mrs. LucyBedford, to Paris for interment, willremain for some time in the city andcounty as a guest of friends and relatives. Mr. and Mrs. Frederick A. Wal--lis,of New York City, are guests atthe home of Mrs. Wallis' parents', Mr.and Mrs. Thomas Henry Clay, Sr., onPleasant street. They were calledhere by the death of Mrs. Wallisbrother, Mr. Thomas Henry Clay, Jr.The Colonial Tea to have beengiven by the members of JemimaJohnson Chapter, Daughters of heAmerican Revolution, to-morrow, incelebration of Washington's Birthday, has been indefinitely postponedon account of death in the home ofone of the charter members. .The teawill probably be given at Easter.: oGET OUR PRICES FIRST.Do not buy anything" in theClothing line until you get myprices.L. WOLLSTEIN,tf Clothing Department.A GOOD INSTRUMENT FOR SALE.At the M. B. Lovell sale a fine, Crescent organ will be one of theI bargains to be offered at public auction. Good as new. Attend thesale. Read the big ad in THE NEWS.Geo. D. Speakes and M. F. Kenney,Auctioneers.WANTED.Furnished rooms for light housekeeping; no children. Home Phone65. ' (21-2t)Land Wanted.I want to rent land on the sharesfor tobacco and corn, with houseand grass. Reference given.W. L. GARRISON,Box 35, Route 2 , Paris, Ky.Home Phone 2037-3.For Quick Sale.We have for quick sale at reasonable figures several .nice cottages,all in good location; close in, especially one large cottage on Mainstreet.- Will sell at sight. Call usand see these Cottages at once. Forimmediate sale.WALTER CLARKE REAL ESTATEAGENCY. (adv)Salesman Wanted.County Rights and Big Dividendsfor a live merchant or salesman ableto make a small, safe invesKment,and sell our patented article toevery home and factory. Absolutenecessity. Good income. For particulars, address,"P. & B., 1206 W. Main St., Louisville, Ky." (It)At Private Sale!Thirty high-grade Percheron mares and a carload every other weekduring the season shipped direct by express from the farms. x See ourPercheron mares before you buy. Time td responsible parties' :-. J. F. COOK & 00., Lexington Kentucky.Phone; 4.7,;-; Night Phone 2845Y or 5631. ?: '.:. ' .(21feb-lmo)PUBLIC SALEOFStock, Crop, Implements, Etc.Having sold my farm, T will sell without reserve or by-bid, onWednesday, February 26, 1919,beginning ;' at 'i'0" o'clock, 'at my place, six miles west of. Paris, -on theHume &' Bedford ''pike, the following stock, crop and farming implements:work and unbroken11 head ofhorses -fc.head 61 'black u cattle copiing two-1 Jersey cow, fresh and a good one;13 shoats6 sows, to farrow March i;200, barrels of -picked -cora-inrCnpM cultivators40 tons .of ,baled:hay, ;good ; ""' f i ''one-horse' drill i50 tons of naiea straw; - ?.-. . ...1 shaft, 18 foot by'l-inch with allthe pulleys in all sizes;1 feed mill; -:r.1 Blizzard "puttifcg box;- . ; ,.four-hot fee jkkwt" steam engine ; "1 steam Turbine pjump-; ; 1 'X twoVhorse wagons;3 mowing machines;1 sulkey rake and J. bull rake;a ihav' frames: ,; ' " "".'.;1' spting -wago. and'iharnesa; - :" ''"2 top buggies;1 aio-top buggy;1 break- cart; - . s1 ;pony .cart; J ,r,t ,:' flU'3 sets buggy narnees, -1 double set carriage harness;u- ?r?, rj? ,. :-'&Wagon and plow harness all kinds;1 dump cart and harness; - , .1 graindrili;-1 "' -' ' ' "2. cutting --harrows '- --iNdrag harrow; ' ?,1 roller; ' ,4 breaking plows;a-r '..Vi ..;'. aK!VMIVtJ'.:1 -pond Iscraper ; 'A 16 J. of. lumber;- -1 bopk:Jca6e":with a SO volume En-'--cynTodedia-Britannica.; '3 sets of bed rpoin Xurhiture; , r..,Soinca'rpetsj'-rugs and chairs;? ''1. kitchen. ''eabinet'; --5"'. ' " - 'A lot of pieat and lard;A lot of chickens and potatoes;A lot of j . jepe,rat;erj j;opl9r - crow-Dars-. etc: . .-. - ...Shovels," pitchforks BfedgelianimeiaSorghum mill;3..-- lonr-horse,"; circle-. horae-TpowrV, 1gk$il as new; f v' -. . - -hAnd lot of other things too nuiner--oiib". to mention. ? ' -MID -WINTERClearance SaleON-Suits, Coats. DressesMillineryHARRY SIMON224-228 West Main St., Lexington, Ky;Main Street, Paris, Ky.ALL GRADES OPTOBACCO COTTON-Sold At-JSI .TTT7"Simon::i ; i ' :a - m imMSBMYOU KNOWThat During the Rest of February and Allof March You Can Buy Any of Our' !.'irt'' 'TBRliSliay and yinadel known on day of sale.M,B LOVELL.(ii-ju)Vi: p.b.; sr ifab, xy.At 20 Per Cent. Discount?1 5 '.For that matter, inougn, you can puy any ot ourFurniture, Rues, Wall Paper and LinoleumsAt the Same Big Discounti,a us &:-.iV'r: 5:JfL,V -r-,,-- '-;--- .During Our Big Cash February and March Sale&Ci' :. j .'-ni?.!'.f ':ij. 'ilr: j. .;'.L" ';pP,l u:"ii '- "V.t :arE- J. tt. 'MOTOR HEARSE MOTOR INVALID CQACff-nHTHPRPHONE" 36" H' . . SIXTH AND MAfN STS.mm m m .-m" t v - 1V? ---'1 . -UNDERTAKINGi, .. -V-J '5 ff"rjfUK'it.-i. rz. -.M. -vlsrvtY'ye:i".itu.if vVt- cJjr ?- J'4- -- -.s - v r : z,IAGESTXTHE BOTOBOlf HEWS, PABIft XHITUCKT3PRIDAT, FBBRUJJtY 21, 1919.II,4i-.ALWAYS RELIABLEJPaiis Experiences Going Back ForSix Yean.Kidney weakness can be cured.But what caused it once willcause it again.Here's a Paris woman who liasnad several attacks.Several times in four years Mrs..Newman has used Doans Kidney.Pills.She says that Doan's have neverfailed her.Six years ago Mrs. Newman publicly endorsed XJoWs.She now confirms her statement.What better proof of merit?Proved by years of experience.Told by Paris people.This is convincing testimony.Mrs. G. W. Newman, East Tenth.street, says: "I had backache andheadaches and at times was verynervous. My kidneys were weakand inactive."I Jieard about Doan's Kidney Pillsand used them and they soon hadme feeling better in every way."Mrs, Newman gave the above account of her experience with Doan'sKidney Pills on January 17, 1912,and on November 9, 1916, she said:"I still use Doan's Kidney Pilis attimes when I find it necessary. 1have always received the same goodresults, although .1 do not have somuch trouble as I used to."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney PJlls the same thatMrs. Newman had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)oStorm shoes may not last as longas they used to, but house slippersshould never be worn out.oA skeptic it a person who woulddeliberately walk under the ladderof fame,Big Special!10 Pound BacketPureLard$2.50.- 4MflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketITRYPTOKIV, GLASSES IV.THE INVISIBLE BIFOCALSLet m examine your eyes. HoMets work we know how.Pitted byDr. Wm. Riley FranklinSuite 205-6 First National Bank,Both Phones, Parii, Ky.BRIGHTER-5EVENINGSNothing adds to the pleasuresfa home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.t. use'T Slectn'oiij. for Efdbtittd"It's the only satisfactory way.for Beating and gookingIt'i.the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix lav Upar tha Ufa ! Balk, Electricity as Gat.Paris Gas & Electric Co,Dhu m flfl;BET. ELLIS TRIBUTE TO CAM.HUTCHCRAIT.Reuben Hutchcraft is dead, andthe author drops his pencil, the merchant his yardstick, the laborer hispickaxe, the child its toy and theState its eulogium. Taking it all inall, I think it is the saddest death ofany public man. in the history of ourgreat State. So young and gallantand brilliant and useful, so full ofservice and hope and jpromise for theState, andsuch a tower of strengthand help and comfort tto his family.Let neither pen nor tongue by useless review or unbrotherly criticismadd one drop to old Kentucky's cupof grief. It is brimful already.I can not as a minister of the mosthigh God and the pastor of this gallant young hero allow such a life tobe passed and such a death to bewitnessed without, as far as I may.prolonging the echo. And in payingthis tribute to our friend, let me say,we have a higher motive than simplythe relief and gratification of personal feelings. We consider hischaracter as singularly instructive toyoung men and it is for these chieflythat we make this record.He was born in our little city ofParis thirty-two years ago and wasthe object of singular and never,failing affection and kindness on thepart of a devoted father and motherand two sisters, wnom ne requiteawith strong filial attachment and devotion. His early .experiences inschool life soon save evidence of astrong and incisive mind and he endeared himself to his instructors byhis industry, modesty, love of truthand steady improvement, which ledhim to attain to the position ofhighest honor in his class record. Heentered Transylvania College in1902, graduating as honor man in alarge class in 1907. He later entered the law school of Harvard Collegeand after three years of diligentlabor distinguished himself withhonors here also by his unremittingapplication. On returning to hishome he began the practice of hisprofession in his home town and byhis consistent character and socialvirtues and persistent application toduty won for himself the confidenceand esteem of all who knew him.T2ie progress of his reputation as alawyer was soon a matter of commonremark and those who wore most capable of understanding the depthsand extent of his legal attornmentwere confident that, should his lifebe spared, he would attain the. high. 1est honors of his profession.But he fell on the battlefields ofFrance, JNOvemper ou iyiy, irom abullet wound from a machine gun atthe hands of the most barbarous anddastardly foe that civilized Nationever encountered. But he fell at hispost of duty leading the world-famousRainbow Division to victory.The extent of his influence and theintensity of feeling of admiration forhim are shown by the hundreds of letters that have come pouring in tohis family from all parts of the Stateand many .frctn other States expressing sympathy and affection for ourdead hero.What is it that has won for himthis place of affection and admiration in so many hearts? It is of thatwe would speak this afternoon.And first of all, we' shall speak ofhis well-balanced mind which wasthe admiration of his friends. - Hehad strong feeling, but yet a calmjudgment. He had unwearied activity without restlessness or precipitancy. He had vigor and freedomof thought, but. not the slightestpropensity to rash and wildspeculation. He had professionalardor, but did: not sacrifice to hisprofession the general improvementof his intellect and heart. He lovedstudy and -equally loved society. Hehad religious sensibilities, but a sensibility that never rested until it hadfound its true perfection and manifestation in practice. His mind wassingularly harmonious, a well adjusted whole, and this was the secretof the signal confidence which he inspired. Some of his professors atwhose feet he sat have said of himthat he had -the keenest mind theyhad ever come into touch with.In speaking of the more prominentcharacteristics in his life and character we can not but feel that his religious life must have a prominentplace. Because he had been a member of the church from early boy-WOMEN OFMIDDLE AGENeed Help to Pass the Crisis Safely Proof that Lydia E. Pink-ham s Vegetable CompoundCan be Relied Upon.Urbana, 111. "During Change of Life,in addition to its annoying symptoms, Ibad an attack of, grippe which lastedau winter ana leicme In a weakenedcondition. I felt attitimei that I wouldnever De wen again.I read of Lydia K.finkhami Vegetable Compoundand what it did forwomen passingthrough the Changsof Life, so I told mydoctor I would tryit. I soon began togain -in strengthand the annoyingsymptoms disappeared and your Vegetable Compoundhas made me &well, strong woman soI do 111 my own housework. I cannot'recommend Lydia E. Pink"hams Vegetable Compound too highly to womenpassing through the Change of Life."Mrs.FRANKHENSON, 1316 S. OrchadeSt, Urbana, 111.Women, who suffer from nervousness,"beet flashes' backache, headachesand "the blues" should try this famousloot id herb remedy, 'Lydia E. Pinknam's Vegetable Compound.iTa&JSX IIBSSSJJXVrVj vVBSSK11 whood and wanted to be identifiedwith the work of the church of whichhe was a member in its every effortto serve. He had been a teacher inthe .Sunday school, as active workerin the Christian Endeavor Society inhis boyhood days and never forgotthe early lessons he had learned inhis Christian home.My acquaintance with him begansomething less than ten years agoand my admiration for him hasgrown more and more as I havelearned o know better and havebeen able to see into the depths ofhis great soul. I have learned tolove him for what he is and forwhat he stood for. His soul responded to the call for service as theneedle responds to the pole star. Asa citizen he ever measured up to thehighest standards of citizenship andever sought to promote the best interests of Tils country for which hefinally gave his life. Interested inevery thing tthat looked toward thebetteirment of our people and theprosperity of -our State he sought tocontribute in every way to its wellbeing. He sought to make her' lawsbetter and to equalize her taxes andto uplift her citizenship in every possible way.As a man true to all the nobler impulses of his erect manhood andnever swerving from the path of dutypointed out by an intelligent mindand a devoted heart.As a soldier, modest, and gallantand brave. An officer that was loved and honored by his men whom heever led, even when danger confronted them, and never found wanting at the crucial moment.Along toward the end of the Argonne battle the crucial test came.Colonel Hough called fora patrol totraverse the road to Sedan to obtaincertain information. The task fellto Captain Hutchcraft's company.The Lieuteant that commanded theplatoon was off duty that day. Thework assigned was dangerous extremely dangerous, and CaptainHutchcraft was slow to assign another platoon commander to the task,although he had the powe'r to do so.There were a number of other Lieutenants there. n Should he ask one ofthese to go or go himself on tnismost dangerous mission? He wasnot long in answering, for he wassoon leading his Boy Scouts, as theywere called, over the road towardSedan. As they advanced they werefired upon by German machjfl -j--andit finojjy hex -a invV forJ"" " ' ame necessary forfn Hutcncraft and his BoyScouts to charge the (machine gunsfor the protection of their own lives,and in so doing many of them werekilled, among them was the braveand gallant young hero, CaptainHutchcraft, who fell within, twentyfeet of the enemies trenches, leadinghis brave boys to victory. As he fellfacing the enemy he cried out, "boys,they've got me, but don't give up,push o-n and victory is yours." Spurred on by their gallant leader's dyingwords, his brave men. drove out thedastardly Huns at the point of thebayonet, taking prisoners all whowere not killed.But their brave and gallant leaderhad fallen. The battlefields ofFrance that had claimed the blood ofcountless thousands of other of thebravest and the best had come toclaim Nthe good Anglo-Saxonblood of one of Kentucky'sbrightest and best youngheroes. And it became the painfulduty of this little company of BoyScouts to bear Captain Hutchcraft'sbody back a few miles to a little village not far frojm Sedan, where itwas laid to rest with appropriatemilitary ceremony, with ColonelHough a-nd his battalion in attendance, and the French women coveredhis grave and the cross at its headwith beautiful flowers, which theyhad brought in great profusion asan expression of their grief and sorrow, and his body rests to-day inbeautiful France", the land of flowers,where the dead are held in eternalreverence.The muffled drum's sad roll has beatThe soldier's last tatto;No more on life's parade shall meetThat brave and fallen few.On fame's eternal camping-groundTheir silent tents are spread,And glory guards, with solemn roundThe bivouac of the dead.The neighing troop, the flashingblade,The Bugle's stirring blast,The charge, the dreadful cannonade,The din and shout, are past;Nor war's wild note nor glory's pealShall thrill with fierce delightThose breasts that never more mayfeel .The rapture of the fight.Sons of the dark and bloody ground,Ye must not slujmber there,Where stranger steps and tonguesrespondAlong the heedless air.Your own proud land's heroic soilShall be your fitter grave;She claims from war his richestspoilThe ashes of her brave.Rest, on, embalmed and saintedDead! ,Dear as theblood ye gave;No impious footsteps here shall treadThe herbage jDf your grave; 'Nor shall your memory, be forgotWhle fame herrecod k;eeps,Or honori points the hallowed spotWhere valor proudly sleeps.Yon marble minstrel's voiceless stoneIn deathless song shall tell,When many a vanished age hathflown, . .The story how ye fell;Nor wreck, nor change, nor 'winter'sblight,Nor 'time's remorseless doom.Shall dim one ray of glory's lightThat gilds your deathless tomb.,His careerr though bref and brilliant leaves, a recordof gallantry andfaithfulness and courage that-shouldbe an inspiration to the young menof the nation and a rich lieritage tohis famly. x v ,He was fairly worshipped, by hismen whoni he affectionately calledhis Boy Scouts because they weresmall of stature like 'himself and(CntinueoiiTaat)'NATION-TfllDE BED CROSS PEAIEPROGRAM NEARLY' READYLake Division officials of the American Red Cross have been asked to beready to do their part in launchingthe nation-wide Red Cross Peace Program soon to be announced.Ohio, Indiana and Kentucky chapters that have helped in the war-timeRed Cross work for humanity willbe called on to davelop through thepeace Red Cross an even wider service than has ever been attemptedby any. organization.Working out the details of such anextensive program necessarily takestime. National headquarters depend,on the loyalty and patience of thechaptesr during the transaction period which is almost over.Mrs. August Belmont, assistant tothe chairman of the Red Cross WarCouncil and formerly well known asMiss Eleanor Robson says, "We onlyknow that we are going on and thatthe Peace Program will be verygreat. So we must wait patientlyuntil the new orders are sent out."DREADFUL COUGH CUBED.A severe cold is t often followed bya rough cough 'for which Chamberlain's Cough Remedy has provenespecially valuable. Mrs. F. W. Olson, Marysville, Mo., writes: "Abouttwo years ago my little ' boy Jeancaught a severe cold and cougheddreadfully for days. I tried a nupiber of cough medicines but nothingdid him any good until I gave himChamberlain's Cough Remedy. -It relieved his cough right away and before he had finished taking one bottle he was cured. I think it is justfine for children."(adv-Feb.)oOne of the mysteries of reconstruction is the rapid fall in the priceof standard foods without loweringthe cost any. It's like a miracle.oThose Washington suffragetteswould look less out of place picketinga bug-house.For Influenza!For influenza and after effects.use K. IT. Tablets. They build pp.your nerves and stomach; rid thesystem of all aches, pains and tired 'feelings. They restore vigor andvim. They are fine for headacheand rheumatism. The contents of K.U. Tabletsjare used by all of the bestphysicians of the countryt IDon't be without them in yourhome. Once tried they are alwaysused. They are put up in 10c and25c boxes and are for sale by alldruggists and groceries. IDistributed by theK. U. CHEMICAL CO., "568 McClelland Building,7feb-3mos) Lexington, Ky.THE BOURBONTobacco Warehouse Co.Total Sales for the Season6,116,245 PoundsFor $2,597,002.58; Average $42.47We hold the season average for the ParisMarket and tate of Kentucky(Bocks Shown In Proof of Abovt Claims.)-"TWe Lead theThe Bourbon.?.EXTRA LONG WEARFT. D. Collins of Ookala, Hawaii,makes a remarkable statement whichdemonstrates the money-saving durability of Neolin Soles. .He writes, "After wearing a pair of'Neolin-soled shoes off and on forthirty-three months, I wore them ona trip to the volcano of Kilauea andwalked around the crater over hot lavasix times and still the soles showedonly slight signs of wear."This experience is not accidental.It results from the scientific processby which Neolin Soles are made to beexactly what soles should becomfortable, waterproof and exceedinglyeconomical because of the long wearthey give.Get them on new shoes for all members of the family and have them puton worn shoes. They are made byThe Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company, Akron, Ohio, who also makeWinfoot Heels, guaranteed to outwear any other heels.Trade Mark Res. U. 3. Pat. OS.!SWilmoth'sFreshHomelBaked Breads,Cakes, Pies, Etc.DailyFreshMeats,Roasts,Steaks,CKops, Fancy Goods.FamousCoffees and TeasWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376(Incorporated)4-!SHOESOoIihl SolesPlenty of Room to GetDrive Right In!Tobacco(InotrpcratMl)PARIS, KENTUCKYFreqieit Freig kt SerriceBY TRACTIONKy. Traction &TerminalC.Aetna-AutoCombination Policiesi Protect AgainstFireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityAnd OtherCasualtiesA. J. FEEAGENT...-njysHffRTobaccoCottoniAILGRADESSee Us ForThe BestPriceTwin Bros.Department StoreMain and 7th Paris, KyJSMunzsmnmm-i -CState!In!Co.WarehouseiiMJfajcjfBMMaWaVTxLSPMj?BlA):' '' w-tt-LVi '"MV ."' A ' ' -""r yi-Q"Successor to Quinine" 'OFMASTERCOLDS'"Bayer Tablets of Aspirin"lit now depended upon bymillions of people, instead ofquinine, because they are more'efficient and offer relief withoutfte discomfort and distress.Colds, Grippe, InfluenzalColdsAdults Take one or twoSsyer Tablets of Aspirin"vith water, anytime. If necessary repeat dose three timesa. day, after meals.Proved safe by millionsCray"en. genuineIWblcts.PEASPIRINBuy oofy"Bayer"packages.&xrin Is the trade mark of Bayer Manufacture of Monoaceticacidester of SaltcylicacidAsk for and Insist Upon"Bayer Tablets of Aspirin."American Owned, Entirely.20 cent package Larger eizc3 also.TOBACCO KAJtKETSThe Bourbon Tobacc WarehouMCompany sold Tuesday a total "of128,615 pounds of tobacco for$61,924.39, an average of ?5O.09per hundred pounds. The followingcrop averages were reported:T. J. Cr&ft sold 2,760' pounds,average $62.42.. Craft, Williams & Brooks sold2,495 pounds, average $49.95.Martin & Hitch sold 3,725 pounds,average $61.83.W. H. Shropshire sold 470 pounds,average $00.00.L. T. Willis sold 2,210 pounds,average $50.31.Caywood & Wims sold 365 pounds,average $71.12.Clay & McKenney sold 6,56pounds, average $55.45.JbLau & Myers sold 5,245 pounds,average $53.63. !E. F. Prichard sold 2,665 pounds,average $34.04.Hall & Perkins sold 3,300 pounds,average $69.46.Holt & Biddle sold 5,100 pounds,average $42.23.Linley & Grayson sold 2,335pounds, average $46.17.Kash & Sosby sold 2,lbu pounds,average $4u.i.Simms & Huffaker soldpounds, average $46.55.Jones & A. Butler soldpounds, average $55.52. vClay & Williams sold-notinda. average $80.32.Burns & Wasson sold 2,165 pounds,average $65.37.Clay & Herrington sold 2,270pounds, averaee $68.82.A. C. Craft & Bratton soid-3,oz&pounds, average $34.31.F. F. Burris sold 4,865 pounds,average $57.45.Clay & Stanfield sold 6,930 pounds,average $57.02.W. D' Mclntyre sold 5,155 pounds,average $38.07.Redmon & Son sold 3,375.' pounds,nvprnpft 40.14.Gillespie & Mason sold z,ou poundsaverage $67.03.Wrie-ht & Watkins sold 1,765pounds, average $61.13..Letton & Carter sold 6,nv pounas,avP.rafra $60.30.Shropshire & Tebbs sold 4,395pounds, average $70.81.Brock & Kerns sold 5,855 pounds,average $63.43.Stoker & Derickson sold 1,850pounds, average $51.93.Woodford & .rridemore soia x,oupounds, average $72.38.Keller & Son sold 2,065 pounds,average $33.21.nitiif iiAinrfl 5 ' ;.fLnIHD3t3 -;--' .'uruniLuhtHDISTURBED HERMeritone Puts Nerves in Shape ForRundown Women.4,3553,3103,340" I don't notice the noiBe of thechildren at rjlav nearlv so much now.J My nerves are auieter and Btronsrer."1 " - -i ' ...said Mrs. K. J. Dudley, or jfranKiin,Tennesse, near Nashville."It surely has helped mj nerves,though I've only been taking Meritone a short time. I sleep, a lot better at night, too."My stomach was out of order,too, before I started taking Meritone.It seemed that my appetite had leftme entirely."Meritone has put my stomachback in good condition and my appetite has come back fine."I can notice also, that mystrength has rapidly increased sinceI started taking Meritone."Meritone is the new strengthener,builder and system tonic that folkswho had influenza or pneumonia areadvised to take to build them up tonormal health. Meritone also is excellent for such disorders of the system, liver or kidney trouble; orcatarrh or rheumatism.Meritone is sold exclusively inParis by G. S. Varden & Son. (adv)FOOD ADMINISTRATION WITHDRAWS ALL EGG REGULATIONS.All speciai..re&ulations applying toegg dealers and cold storage of eggs,including fixed price margins, havebeen withdrawn by the food administration. Dealers and storage men still aresubject to licensing, and officialspointed out that withdrawal of important regulations did not affectthe provisions of the food control actagainst profiteering and wasteful1 practices.0RBy;msTRiBinoE to capt.(Continued from Page 6)w.htf had so faithfully followed himin so many?-hard fouerht battles, andwho were following him just asfaithfully when he fell. He fell, aswe have said, within twenty feet ofthe foe, forging his way forward andleading Ms men to victory, and tne Iworld-hated Hun hissed for joywhen he saw our -gallant leader bitethe dust. But boast not, oh, thoudemon of the pit, if our hero is deadthe principles he advocated live.Elisha may be buried but we keephis grave open and we shall let downthe cause for which he fought andbled and died until touching hisbones, and those of other heroes likehim. it shall sofine un with .tenfoldpower and go forth for the conquestof the world. .This most splendid young manhas been taken from us and takenwithout warning whenour hope wasnrmest and nis prospect of usefulness and prosperity were to humaneyes unclouded. And we sorrowthat such a life should be brought tosuch an untimely end. But ought weto think it short?In the best sense his life was long.To be the center of so many influences for good, to awaken through solarge a circle sentiments of affectionand esteem; to hear such strong testimonv to the realitv of religion: toexalt the standard of youthful character; to adorn a profession to whichthe administration of public justiceand the care of our civil institutions;are peculiarly confined; to upholdand strengthen youthful associations,to live in the hearts of friends and todie on the battlefields of Francefighting for the liberty of the world,to pass out amidst sucn general,deep, unaffected lamentation, surelythese are not evidences of a brief existence.But the pathos of it all is, that aswe write his epitaph it must be donein "thoughts that breathe and wordsthat burn," that "as Chirst died tomake men happy," so he died tomake men free and. the personaltouch we'must give to it is this, "hedied for me."w ImH iPl" WPHH Ifcw wm mm aP W k,GET HEN'S EGG6.Many "egg substitutes" have beensoli over grocery counters sinceeggs went sky-high in prices. Someof these articles have been labeled toleave the customer under the impression that they are as good in, thepreparation of food as fresh eggs.The experts at the Kentucky ExperimentCStation and at Washington.have analyzed many of these substitutes and find them far below eggsin food value, while some are of practically of no food value.0BULL CLUBS OBGANIZED.Oarroll County, Ky., is becominginterested in Bull Clubs. Two clubshave already been organized and theprospects are bright for others in thenear future. The County Board ofAgriculture has recommended tnat12 or 15 hulls be placed through theformation of clubs. Herefords appear to be the farmers' choice ofbreeds.CATARRH CANNOT BE CURED. ,with LOCAL APPLICATIONS, as theycannot reach the seat or the disease.Catarrh is a local disease, greatly influenced by constitutional conditions,and in order to cure it you must takean internal remedy. Hall's CatarrhMedicine is taken internally and actsthrough the blood on the mucous surfaces of the system. Hall's CatarrhMedicine was prescribed by one of thebest' physicians in this country foryears. It is composed "j. wthe best tonics known.combined withsome of the best blood purifiers. Theperfect combination or ine in-gredients in Hairs uatarru juwuwiwi whf m-ndnces auch wonderful results in catarrhal conditions. Sendfor testimonials free.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for constipation. ,JXAmerica is willing to feed andclothe the world, but hopes it willwill sleep at home.Yes I EverybodyTakes CascaretsOnly 10 cents! Harmlesscathartic for sluggishliver and bowelsYour child is bilious, constipatedand sick. Its little tongue is coated,breath is bad and stomach sour. Geta 10-cent box of Cascarets andstraighten the youngster right up.Children love this harmless candycathartic and it cleanses the littleliver and thirty feet of bowels without griping. Cascarets contain nocalomel and can be depended upon tomove the sour bile and poison rightout of the bowels. Best familycathartic because it never cramps orsickens like other things. (adv-)"o 'Even when money talks a womanisn't apt to give it- the last word.imiktrmmmm:t'u :VrVkW"Tv- ftW-T?Try thisWhen a change fromco-ffee seems desirablefor any reason andyou want -to get yourmoneys worth in satisfaction, buy a tin orINSTANTPOSTUMEvery year more peopledrink Poatutm. Why?Try it yourself; yoz7 II find 9f II "There's a Reason IIt is a grand thing to serve one'scountry. There is not an Englishman whose heart does not thrill- atthe name of Havelock, brave forChrist and brave for' the EnglishGovernment. When there was a difficult point to take the officers wouldsay, "Bring out the saints of oldHavelock." I think if Paul had goneinto military service he would haveeclipsed the heroism of the Caesars,and the Alexanders and the Napoleons 01 tne world oy nis Dravery andenthusiasm. There is a time to beat peace and there vis a time where aChristian has to flcht. I do notknow of a grave or braver thing thanfor a young man, wnen it is demanded of him, to turn to his country, goforth to camp and field and carnageand martyrdom.Such was the spirit of our gallantyoung hero, Capt. Reiben Hutchcraft, Jr. Ever ready to answer hiscountry's call. Never swerving fromthe path of duty. And at last givinghis life in service for others.The lovinc: son. the gentle brother.the loyal friend, the Christian statesman, the gallant soldier is dead!Dead? Oh, no, not dead. He lives,and it seems to me as if I couldalmost see him Btanding this afternoon on the battlements of glory,waving in triumph, calling down tous through this quiet Sunday afternoon, and we wave back to him, hailransomed spirit, hallelujah!O, bereft souls, be comforted! Tohave had such a son and such abrother and such a friend is honorenough for one family.I am confident that when you passover the river he will be waiting foryou. Waiting at the - foot of thethrone, waiting under the tree of life,waiting on the bank3 of the riverand the grief and sorrow of to-daywill be swallowed up in the joy ofthat reunion and heavenly reception.Until then, oh blessed spirit of Capt.Hutchcraft, farewell! We can affordto wait for such a grand reunion.In the present imperfect conditionof human nature truth almost continually forbids us to give expressiontr felines of admiration and loveand forces us to dispense our prateewith a great deal of restraint andmeasured liberality. What a comfortto jmeet a character like this whosemerit spares us the pain of makingdeductions frtfm its virtues.He leaves us higher consolationthan anv dvinsr statement which hemight have made in the memory ofhis blameless and well-spent life.One day we shall lift a monument to mark his last resting placein our silent city of the dead perhaps a plain white shaft. Deep cutin its marble side will be his name,dear to you above the names of menthe name of a brave and gallantsoldier who died for a noble cause.And not for all the glories of thisworld would you exchange the heritage he has left you in his soldier'sdeath. To the foot of that shaft thechildren and grandchildren by thatname shall go to reverence. him whoennobled their name with his heroicblood. And speaking from theshadow of that memory which youhonor as you do nothing else onnarth lt mo sav. that the cause inwhich he suffered and for which hegave his life was the cause of Godand the cause of humanity and theomniscient God by his almightyhand in the use of such .gallantheroes has swept the last vestige ofautocracy from this earth foreverand the democracies of the world, aresaved from the wreck of war.O, lofty Spirit of earth! The soulof Captain Reuben Brent Hutchcraftsurpassing these great ones whotoiled for fame and place andhonors. Should it ever be our goodfortune to behold those elect heroes,Paul and Savonarala and Luther,with all the poets and reformers andphilanthropists, perhaps not far fromHim whose name is above every namewe shall see our battle-Bcarred herowho lost life for the oppressed nations of earth, but whose nameglows with the brightness of theArmament and sbjhes like . the starsThe Flavor Lasts 1Alwaysthe bestbuy forthepriceKWZZZZZZcvfive-cents worth fHof beneficial 111seated Titht-Kept Risht refreshment jH&tfM possible fH 'Here's the big work, littlecost tractor the TitanTHE Titan 10-20 has been on the market foryears, and has made good without resenratiocu10 horsepower at the draw bar 20 horsepowerat the belt.A well-balanced tractor that is suited to all farmt power work. fIt drives easily, affords maximum puS- jI ing power for its weight, and is suited m every way to jthe general run of' farm work. Not too large for thesmall farm, yet large enough to handle a great volume., of work.Use it with an Oliver PlowWeYecommend that you use an Oliver plow withyour" Titan tractor because it means the best plowingunder all conditions. The combined rolling coulterand jointer buries all trash and weeds at the bottomof the furrow; the stop device maintains an even depthof furrow; the plow points enter and leave the groundfirst, making it possible to plow clear to the ends of thefield; and the trip rope control operates easily fromthe driver's seat on the tractor.We have a full line of Oliver plows as well as thevTitantractor here at our salesroom. ...C. S. BALL GARAGEXIIX!IXBEX!K!Xi1GEOIkW. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOfH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 29tCorntr Fifth and PlMMnt Strttts, Paris, Ky.EVOE:W2ErV3BV3IHEVaHVHiVHlVHIWHii.KVBiEtdi3lAaaAlHnlBnBBASBnHIi;t'' '.7"4It..,,tx1I Kfi hxifirt . . -. -rst.-jr.forever and .ever.wJ"VTf .-;''v.iV. i;'ta.ime&ilHMKtmi'li v-; sir' -T.it ,i.-JVIf.' v ' V '" ';4- inVr- ,. 'clS-..;i.pL " W-v-. "'!'jaf- - -1 ; ' :&. SLYrbr J .trJr -5- r . ' -T...irf . ,i&r-.-' Z ? ' itiSy. '"-' -'-yii. L v " --.' -3 ",c : tiaiIir- if jr ,. , ,.r, '1, -': ,.iW T- -.mL--ilL.:-1TOrv,T,. -THE SOU HEWS, PAWS, KBKTtSCXlFRIDAY, FBBRUAKY II, lilt.T-AT THE PAftlS GRANDE ALAMO AND GRAND4.MONDAY, FEBRUARY 24th, Jesse L. Lasky Presentspavid Befasco's Play'The Girl of the, Golden West'A charminv story of the days of old, the days of gold, theflays of '49 in California.James Montgomery Flagg Comedy, "Romance andBrass Tacks, "and Burton Holmes Travelogue.Edward Van Leeuwe OrchestraPrices: Children 15c; Adults 22c War Tax Includtd.To-day, Friday, Feb. 21THE MAJESTIC MERRYMAKERS ? wijrPICTURE PROGRAMDOROTHY GISH in "Battling Jane": PEARL WHITE in "The Lightning Raider" :FORD STERLING in "The Snow Cure"'' AND HEARST-NEWSTomoprow, SaturdayTHE MAJESTIC MERRYMAKERSPresent, i'Cohen's Wedding"v PICTURE PROGRAMMabel Normand in "A Perfect 36"Smiling Bill Parsons in "Bill's Sweetie"and "Currenf Events"One Show Edward Van Leeuwe Orchestra One ShowPicture Progam at theAlamo Afternoon Only.'I Starts at 7:30 PRICES 25 AND 50c 10 WAR TAX ADDED. . Starts at 7:30ttOI EIGHTfn1Jv"s! 4V4'MILLERSBURG4 .,..- Mr?.. J. H. Collier and Mr. S. R. j.jtsuuer are improving uuwijr.phss Edi$i ,Wood, of this city,whsS is teaching in the SharpsburgPui)liQ School; is ill with influenza.Mr. Markwell and family havemoored to the- residence on Vimontstreet, known t as. the Chas. Johnsonv :Mr. Jos Farris and son, Mr.3pi Farris, Mrs. Owen Ingels andJMiss. Bettie T,. Vimont were visitorsdiirParis this week." Mrs, Elizabeth Miller anddaughter. Miss Elizabeth Miller, andMisses Lida Butler and Lavina Lay-son. iavereturned from a visit tofriends, in Lexington.Mrs. Mary Huffman was hostess'feut' dinner recently to the followingguet: Mr. and Mrs. A. S. Miller,'Mr. and Mrs. Mack Grimes, Mr. andtMT$. O. E. Hurst and Mr Booth.PUBLIC SALE. On Feb. 21, at'2" 3. jm.r I will sell all my stock,'fe-rm' implements, etc., to the highestbidder. Sale held on premises.IkyVt fail tote.'CT-td) EDGAR HURST.DEATHS..sMORGAN.The funeral and burial of Mr.Henry Morgan, who died at thehome of his brother-in-law, Mr. Jas. iScott, near Winchester, took place inNorth Middletown Cemetery, Tuesday afternoon at 2:30 o'clock, withservices conducted at the grave.oWAGONERMrs. Bruce Wagoner, aged thirty-five,died at her home near Jackstown, in this county, at an earlyWednesday morning, of pneumonia,following a short illness of influenza. Besides her husband she issurvived by three sons, Elder Wagoner, Harlan Wagoner and RussellWagoner; two brothers, Orville Fuller and Erma Fuller; oneslster, Mrs.Carrie Butler, and her mother, Mrs.Ortie Fuller.The funeral was held from thefamily home yesterday afternoon,with services conducted at the graveside in the Mt. Pleasant Ccf netery inNicholas county.short illness. Mrs. Feeback had beenon a visit to --her daughters, MissesMary, Bessie and Lucy Feedback, anawas taken ill very suddenly earlyyesterday afternoon. Medical aidwas summoned, but shetexpired in afew mopnents.Mrs. Feeback is survived by herfour daughters, Mrs. Riley Martin, ofParis, Misses Mary, Lucy, and BessieFeeback, of Atlanta, and two sons,Mr. Harvey Feeback, of Paris, andMr. Edward Feeback, of Ironton, O.The body will be brought to Paris forinterment.MORROW.The funeral of John Henry Mor-attend. - Don't forget row, aged thirty-nve, son of Mr. anaMrs. George Morrow, or Clintonvme,who died at the home of his parents,, of pulmonary tuberculosis atthree o'clock Wednesday morning;Thp "Pennies H-mrr-ir nrn hrnlfdnint Saturday night, and a small sum I will be held at the family hohie thisof Ttoney taken from the cash' draw-1 afternoon at two o'clock, with ser-er-The thieves entered the build-! vices conducted by Rev. Newtont ing after smashing the glass in the ' Shropshire. The burial will followfitjttt door. An effort was made to ' on the family lot in the Clintonville' eater the safe, which was ineffectual. ' Cemetery.TJ&! Muliiken. bloodhounds, at Lex- j Besides his parents' he is survived-ington, were sent for early Sunday by three sisters, Mrs. John Marders,j.mornmg. The tracks for a time in; front of the building were thoroughly distinct. A light snow coveredthe ground, which, however, meltedVbefore the bloodhounds could reachinhere, hence the trail was not proseIcufced. Had it not been for this'the'.thief could have been easily trailed.of Clintonville; Mrs. Anna McWhorters, of Lexington, and Mrs. FrankDonaldson, of Hamden, Ohio.FEEBACK.Mrs. Sallie Feeback, aged sixtyfive, died in Atlanta, Ga., yesterdayafternoon, of heart trouble, after aSMITH.Mr. Curtis P. Smith, a formerresident of the Clintonville vicinity,died 'at his ho'me in Dallas, Texas,Tuesday night, after a short illness.Mr. Smith married Miss AnnieRenick, a daughter of the late Mr.Abram Renick, and sister of Mr. B.M. Renick, and Mrs. Duncan Bell, ofParis. He had been a resident ofDallas for several years, where hehad become a successful and highiyesteejmed business man.Besides his widow, Mr. Smith issurvived by one son, William RenickSmith, who is now in the service ofhis country, as a member of theAmerican Expeditionary Force inFrance. 'The body will be brought to theh&Tie of Mr. and Mrs. Duncan Bell,on High street, in this city, Saturday.The funeral will be held Sunday afternoon, followed by burial in theClintonville Cemetery.J. Lavin, JohnM. Flanagan, John J.McCarthy, Robert .Shea and Thornton Connell.'Mr.- Thornton "was a son of Mrs.Anna" Thornton, who resides at thehome of her daughter Mrs. DenisDundon,' in this city. JHe had beenliving in Chicago for. a number ofyears, until his health gave way,when he came to Paris to reside. Heis survived by his mother, Mrs. AnnaThornton, of Paris, two brothers, Mr.Mike J. Thornton, of Chicago, andJohn T. Thornton, of Pittsburg, Pa.,and three sisters, Mrs. John J. Conneirand Mrs. Denis Dundon, both ofParis, and Mrs. Daniel Drennan, ofMayslick, Mason county.and acquaintances in this and 'surrounding counties. . . , rMrs, Redmon is survived by thefollowing Children: Miss KjmogeneRedmon, Mrs. Florence Green, Mrs.Lucy Quinby .and Mr. Claude F.Redfmon, all of Paris; George K.Redmon and JKing Redmon, of thecounty, and by one stepson, Mr. JohnRedmon, .of Paris, and an only brother, Mr. Jos. Godman, of the county.THORNTON.The funeral of Mr. GeorgeThornton, aged thirty-eight, whodied at the home of his sister, Mrs.Denis Dundon, on Houston - avenue,in this city, Wednesday morning, after a long illness from a ccHplication of diseases, will be held at theChurch of the Annunciation, in thiscity, at nine o'clock this (Friday)morning, with services conducted byRev. Father Eugen4 DeBruyn. Theburial will follow on the fajmily lqjwin the Paris Catholic Cemetery. Thdpall-bearers will be George Doyle, M' REDMON.The funeral of Mrs. Mary Elizabeth Redmon, aged seventy-six,who died at the hoCne of her daughter, Miss Imogene Redmon, on Cypress street, Monday evening, after abrief illness, was held at the familyhome, Wednesday afternoon at twoo'clock, with services conducted byRev. John J. Rice, pastor of . theParis Presbyterian church. The interment followed on the family lotin the Paris Cetoetery. The honorary pall-bearers were George W.Wyatt, Robert O. Turner, M. F. Kenney, James McClure, John T. Hedges,Silas E. Bedford, E. J. Burris, Dr.Charles G. Daugherty, The activepall-bearers were her grandsons,Claude Redmon, Jr., Lillard Redmon,John T. Redmon, John Talbott Red-Vmon Horace Redmon and EmmettRedmon.Mrs. r Redmon was formerly MissElizabeth "Godman, daughter of thelate Mr. and Mrs. Marshall Godman,of this county. She was the widowof Mr. John T. Redmon, who died athis home in this. county in January,1882. Since her husband's deathMrs. Redmon has made her homewith her children in this city andcounty. She was an excellent woman, and had been a lifelong member of the Paris Presbyterian church.Her death is a source of deep regret- HEBE'S A BARGAIN.Go to the Lovell sale and buy thatporse-power machine. It will runyour cutting box and grind stone, besides other things. Read the big ad.in THE NEWS. Geo. D. Speakes andM. F. Kenney, Auctioneers.JETtfE COWS AT AUCTION.A" number of fine "cows of provenworth, will be included in the saleto be held by Mr. M. B. Lovell. Attend' the sale and get a good animalfrom the best cows in the country.Read ' the big ad in THE NEWS.George D. Speakes and M. F. Kenney, Auctioneers.IXinITS OUR HOBBYTO SELL CHEAP-Hm''K-vBut Our First and Main Consideration IsQUALITYrKHe?ere-onie special prices which surely should attract your attention Wecannot guarantee the quotations any longer than our present stock lasts.sXTj-w ""!' T?'rl T Arv-M-tricrfe . Per dozen. - ...20cBest eating Potatoesper-peck - .'45cWegive -you 1& pounds to-every peck.llstrietly according to law. 'iBorax Laundry Soap; per bar : . . .5cA Toilet Soap, extra goodi nor hnr. J-t. . 5ct' XTvtrr "MoxrTr PaftnaIp v perpoufid. .-:v:... 12 1-2c) tjoiorea .Deans .ter pound ( 1 cS ;Best Matches, large box ."' ., per box , ...- 5c' Best. Boiled Oatsper box 12c, Best Head-Rice - v '-" , per pound .....-. .p. . . . .". .'f 121 -2cCracked Rice - .,,.. .-3 potmds for-'-...vrvVvi'v"c, Soups,1 all kinds r' V .per can - - -: Oohderised Milk mper can -, (2 cans for 15c).SLye Hominylarge can 1 OcSauer Kraut, medium sizedcan2 can8vfor ' 25cTomatoes, medium-size canper can 1 5cTomatoes, large-size can -per can , 20cSalmon, a good oneper can 20cRed Beans, 1-pound canper can .v 1 0c(3 for 25c).Red Beans, 2-pound can '2 cans for 25cSugar Cornper can ' 15cPeas, Early June- per can ' 15cPeas, Sifted, Early Juneper can 2QcBrooms, 4-sewed, goqd ones ,each ., 55cKaro Syrup, 10-pound canper can 90eKaro Syrup, 5-pound, canper can '. 4cDON'T DO ANYTHING UNTILYOU SEE US.Do not buy anything in theClothing lint until you get myprices.L. WOLLSTEIN,tff Clothing Department.oKEF0BTS OF SAI.E.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney furnishesTHE NEWS with the. following reports of sales made by hipn yesterday; The personal property of Jos.Connors, sold on the premises nearCenterville,. as follows: Horses, ?45to $lo5 per head; one work mule,$255; one mule colt, $46; cows, $65to ?100 per head; heifer calves, $20per head; one sow and pigs, $92;one brood sow, $45; chickens, $1.10and $1.30 each; turkeys, $4.70 each;corn in crib, 8-90 per barrel; hay instack, $20 per ton; farming implements sold well; attendance good.For D. C. Lisle and others, 101acres of unimproved land adjoiningthe Center-Hill Consolidated School,about two miles from Centerville, onthe Hawkins and Cummins pike, toto a wide circle of friends, relatives i Jesse Leach, for $305.50 per acre.;-:.SSur ton's !Confectionery Store"5 Successorio Adami & Santi. 1Florida Fruitsj") Adami's Famous Recipe forIII making delicious Ice Cream,1 Soda Water and Mixed' Drinks still used.x Bulk Ice CreamI1'! (Made from Pure Cream):: delivered for home use.1 Fancy Ices for Paf tiesFor the BEST, Sea Us.FRANKBURTONilJi Successor to Adami & Santi.?CLEAN SWEEP1IOf All Fall I" 1. . . A Now in Fulland WinterFootwearSwingrES, WE DELIVER FOUR TIMES A DAYBut have to charge 10c for each delivery. Our low prices forbid any extra expenses for delivering goods. You can always save money by dealing at the" i ?BUS Y BEE CASH STOREPrices are bringingcrowds of economyshoppers. Highestgrade footwear sacrificed at prices we ourselves cannot duplicate to-day.QUICK SALES COUNT!Buy now and buy all your shoe needs forthe entire family.1 1 iU l Ift. l fSujkg Jit IWH Hivf rim I5 g'fy&&Just a Few of the Hundreds of Marked Down PricesLadies' Mahogany English or Louis HeelBoots, with cloth tops to match, tfj-o a$3.00 values, at...... O.tULadies' Mahogany Tan English e CfBoots. $6.00 values, at iK.OVLadies Grey Boots, Louis heel, o behest quality, all sizes, $5.95 val.. ..W-WLadies' Dark Grey Boots, all kid qc;tops, Walk-Over, $9.00 values. at..MV.S7iLadies' Black English or Cuban o QQHeel Boots, $4.00 values, at 71'Ladies' Assorted$5.00 values at...Broken Sizes,$1.95Men's Dark Tan English a ca J AC$6.00 values at . - 4.5U-4.5Men's G. M. English Walk-Over o a jand other famous -makes, $4.50 val.VMen's Gun Metal Lace, E. & J. e qmakes, $4.00 values, at p.WBoys' Gun Metal Lace, $2.50 val- i p-tques at .' $!!Don't Miss This Money - Saving Opportunity.Sale Now Going On.DAN COHENWhere Beauty and Economy ReigaParis' Greatest Shoe StorerS. ht &- A.'"r V-f'A-j&T.....JwiJt rr v?T- A-- z,:- - - is - & - v, ? ya.-r:'m.st. - .ajvif,'ti -j-w-"V.- "-w