TFr--,.T-VwAS i,m3MNEWS-JfV;ij- rPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY1 AND PRTUY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, APRIL 8, 1919EES-! r-7-rr1 v- -BOURBONtAPBIL COURT DAY.The big crowds in the city yester-day were somewhat suggestive of thegood old days when April Court Day jand "Stallion Show Dav attracted,large crowds to Paris. The latterand only a few snow norses uereon the scene.There was a fair quality of stockon the market, with mules predominating. There were few sales, with avery light demand. A large numberof "plug" horses constituted theequine portion of the market', withtrading barns. Caywood & McClintock sold at their barns ninety headof 800-pound cattle at $90.40 per"head.Merchants report the volume ofbusiness transacted as being abovethe average, with collections exceeding those of March. Tobacco moneybeing one of the principal mediumstoward the increase in trade.Caywood & McClintock sold onepair of mules to Charles Thompsonfor $600"; one mule to same for $235;one mule to Burch Claypole for $260;two mareB to R. A. Heaton for $500.This firm shipped Saturday one carload of cattle and two carloads ofThe Ihogs to the Cincinnati market.cattle cost them eleven cents perpound and the hogs eighteen cents.For the first time in manymonths court day was enlivened bya series of personal encounters, inwhich knives and fists played prominent parts. Newton Herrington andJason Howard, both of the county,became involved in an argument,which resulted in Howard receivingseveral cuts about the face and neckfrom a knife in the hands of Herrington. Herrington tried to make aget-away after the cutting and ranup High street to Tenth, where hewas finally arrested by PatrolmenLusk and Judy and placed in jail.He later gave bond and was released.Howard was sent to a physician tohave his injuries given attention.Charles Penn and Win. H. Whaley,well-known farmers, came to blowsnear the corner of Main and Fourthstreets. Penn later had a warrantissued for Whaley on a charge ofbreach of the peace. Another' warrant for fighting on the street wasissued and served on Whaley by Patrolman Lusk.Cash Crowe became involved in analtercation with Charles Farley, ofNorth Middletown, and in the, mix-uptreated Foley "rather roughjy."Crowe was arretted by. Chief tynkand taken before Judge Martin, yrhoassessed a fine of $15 and costs.All three of the encounters happened near the same vicinity and ina short space of time.BOURBON TOBACCO WAREHOUSEDECLARES 33 PER CENT.DIVIDEND.Since its organization seven yearsago the Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCo. has paid dividends .aggregating142 per cent, to, its stockholders.At a recent meeting of the stockholders the company declared a dividend of thirty-hree per. cent., after paying" income taxes for 1919and setting aside $12,000 for taxesfor next year. Stock in the BourbonTobacco Warehouse Co. 'is now bid onthe market at $185 a. share,, withpractically none offered. The. company is composed of the most prominent farmers and business men ofthe county.While its capitalization is $100,000, the corporation is at presentowner, of property valued at -probably$150,000. The average of theParis loose , leaf tobacco market,$41.10, is' beyond that of any othermarket in Kentucky, or in the -world.The -market- this season sold 2,500,000 pounds more than the previousyear.- 'BIG INTEREST BEHIND PENNAGRADE.OIL'. A very enthusiastic meeting of thePennagrade Oil and Gas Companywas recently held in Louisville, Ky.,at which the new company boughtthe assets of the old company andtook over the entire management.The Pennagrade Oil and' Gas Company has about sixty thousand acresof proven gas land, and prospectiveoil land under lease in Floyd andKnott counties. They, at present,have a capacity of gas sufficient tosupply about twelve .million cubicfeet per day and also have small oilproduction. .Numerous drills will beset to work at Wee1 'and it' is -expectedthat their output wilj-be multipliedseveral times within the next fewmonths: .',,.About $750,000 stock .will,., at alaterr date,, be "offered for public sub--scrintion.the' proceeds from -sale .ofwhich', willgo .towards' constructingthe newrtwenty-six- mile pipe- dine,and also in drilling new .wells, anddeveloping the territory f6r..oil.,andgas. The foremost geologists 'Mveagreed that 'the-. East eni .Kentucky,gas fields are as. rich in .production,as -the West -Virginia fields.,. t frcftri,which millions of dollars -have ..come.GO?' TOUR $54.56?-'Money Jn circnlatio'riMn the' Unitedscales tnis montn is sumcjentio giveevery man, jvoniaiC and child $545,"&.u increase uf. eignt. ceutb cr- wcper capita circulation 'in 'March' -andan increase of 14.80 over "a year ago.Theftotal, Tnouhtof '. ntoneyof k-MKinas$S,estimatedREAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSAf TJn aa TYnl 1 3 . . ..u.i j. .- nnmr- nf .m.m.4. . iat the, corner of Pleasant and Sixthstreets. He will erect a home on thelot.Mr, George D. Speakes, of the realestate firm of Harris & Speakes,Paris, purchased from Dan Isgrigg alot on East Main street, 100 front386 feet in depth, at a privateprice. Mr. Speakes will build a five-room residence on the lot.Mr. B. M. LovelJ, who had madearrangements to visit relatives inBeaimont, Texas, deferred his visitowing to a telegram received fromhis son, Private E. K. Lovell, atCamp Jessup, near Atlanta, Ga., saying he would soon be at home for abrief visit.Mr. O. L. Davis has purchased theold Presbyterian church property,now occupied by Mr. George W. Davis, as an undertaking establishment,for $5,000. Extensive improvementsw11 e made in the property. Theuavis unaenaKing esLaDiisiuneni -wincontinue to use the building.oCLEAN UP DAYSAPRIL 9THAND10TH.The city carts will haul awaytrash free, beginning April 11. BeTeady carts only make one clean upcanvass of each street; don't missthem.oTO THOSE INTERESTED IN THETOBACCO INDUSTRYAt a meeting called in Lexington,March 28, of this year, a tentativeorganization of the loose leaf tobaccowarehouses of this Commonwealthwas formed, and in order that notonly those who are associated or connected with the loose leaf tobaccowarehouses, but all those who are interested in the planting and growingof the 1919. crop may be heard, relative to this organization, a meetingwjlj.be held in the Board of TradeBuilding, Third and Main streets,Louisville, at Iftne o'clock p. m. Saturday, April 12, 1919. To this meetingevery farmer who contemplatesgrowing tobacco this year and everyone who. is directly or indirectly, interested in the loose leaf warehousesof this State, or directly or indirectlyinterested in the tobacco industry;,,is most earnestly and cordially invited to attend this very importantmeeting, and join in the discussionas to the necessary course of procedure to prevent the planting of thecontemplated acreage of tobacco, inKentucky this year, which, if carried out as contemplated, will undoubtedly result disastrously to thoseso engaged.MAT S. COHEN,Commissioner of Agriculture.oMISS PORTER'S RECITAL AT THEHIGH SCHOOL.Miss Dazey Moore Porter and MissEllen Blanding gave an artistic recital in the Paris High School Auditorium, Friday evening, for the benefit of the library of the High School.There was a large audience in attendance, and the affair was verysuccessful, the receipts being about$ioo.Miss Blanding sang "Land of TheSky Blue Water," "Woodland Voices," "The Swallows," "Mollie," "ToBe Near You."Miss Porter, who excels in reading,delighted her audience with a varietyof selections, among them, "Who'sAfraid?" "Taking A Rest," "TheGoinr!of The White Swan," "Pauline Pavlona.," "In Italia," "Her Let-.. fliTnlo rn ATarrvin' "For A JLiving," "An Eastern -Symbol" and"That Old Sweetheart of Mine."Miss Louise Connell, of Paris,plaved the accompaniments for MissBlanding. The stage was artisticallydecorated "with palms and springflowers. The two principals werethe recipients of lavish complimentsand congratulations upon' the rendition of their programs.-: r- REVISION OF. ASSESSMENT' SHOWS INCREASE IN -"' ACREAGE:County Assessor Walter Clark, andDeputy John J. Redmon have completed a revision of the-county, assessment, in-which-it is shown that thereis a" 'total racreage 'ofr land in (i. "the,county of 132,849, instead of,, thepreviously reported acreage of . ,179,658 The 'report asr given., to .THENEWS shows the" valuation -of .eachpreefnet' to be .as-follows:..' WhitesParis, $7,438,992; .MU-.Teisburg, $2,211,097; Little Rock,12.874.818: North1 Middletown, $3,-218,76-4;'. lintonville.. Jl,358,928;$202S.4S8r.Ruddies"MHls. $1,650,-136.-Non-residents 2,7 7 5 ;3l -Total.-$26,833,36 6. ' '" ' -'' Colored ?Parig. $2 0 6 , 5 4 8 ; ' Millersburg, $64,727 ;,Little Hock, $62,067r'North-Middletown,, $76,770 ; Clinton-,ville, $43,0,60'; 'Hutchison) $!3;7S4;Centerville-,7..$53;X62: Ruddles-'Mills,-$78,896. Total, $60064.- .--- -- rO- -' K,i" -jxCLEANUP "DAS APRIL THAND 10TH.' The 't dfetcrti '. will ;Jiiir " afcsy-fetslL ifrce:. beruuune' April. 11. TtaBOURBON COUNTY PROTESTSAlxAUMJST HiW AiJESSMJiNXAt a meeting held at the courthouse Saturday afternoon, composed !of prominent farmers and business Bowdle, 50 years old 900 Lafaydttemen of the county, a formal protest avenue, Clifton, died at 9 6'cldckagainst the increase in assessed val- Sunday night at the Good Samaritanues of Bourbon county lands, was Hospital, in .Cincfetnati, of injuriesentered. The' new assessment made sustained when struck by an automoan increase amounting in all to $6,- bile as he vas alighting from a Clif-000,000, which was deemed unjust.The meeting' was called to orderby County Judge George Batterton,who was made permanent chairman,with Sherman Stivers as secretary. Dearth ensued before preparations?d Bati,ert05; rea? a letter from' couldj be completed by Dr. John D.the State Tax Commission announc-1 Miller and Dr. Carl Hiller to operateing the proposed raise and tendering t n ait effort to relieve pressure ofthe county an opportunity to be fractured portions of his skull uponheard. Speeches were made by sev- the base of his brain. Members oferal prominent, farmers, all voicing this family, who had accompanied Mr.disapproved of the increase. Bowdle from the scene of the acci-A committee composed of Joseph dent were at his bedside.W. DaVis, A. B. Hancock and .A. S; I j0n D. Allen, 710 Ross avenue,Thompson was appointed to select a 'Hamilton,, Ohio, Superintendent ofcommittee to go to. Frankfort and Construction for the Miami Conservmake the county's protest before thdajicy "District, was arrested by Lieut.State Tax Commission. The commit- atorev iind -Pot.rnimA.-n sn.hiiAt nrftee retired' and returned with thefollowing list, who will make thetrip to Frankfort:Sam Houston, Robert Meteer, JohnBrennan, A. S, Thompson, Lee Stephenson-,James McClure, J. C. Howard, John Woodford, Kenney Nichols,Sam Clay, Judge George Batterton,yMayor E. B. January, Judge DenisDundon, D. C. Parrish, J. J. Redmon,Brutis Clay, Edward Burke, H. S.Caywood, John T. 'Collins, WoodfordBuckner, W. D. Mclntyre, Joe PennRedmon, George Current, Jesse Turney and V. W. Ferguson.oIT'S DRESS-UP WEEK.It's time to discard those dull,worn winter, clothes for fresh, springtime raiment. Now is the time andthis is the place.J. W. DAVIS & CO.LEE-KENT OIL COMPANY OPENSHEADQUARTERS.The Lee-Kent Oil Company, combon county business men, has? leasedbon county business men, as leasedthe building of Mr. Brucev Holladay;opposite the Hotel Fordham, inwhich they will open their lieadquarrters. with general offices there, in afew daysThe rnom will ho romrUeled to suit the purposes of the oiI.fr the Paris Water Co.'s portion ofTv.T.r.v -tt-fciv.Mo o Tinw.AAni0r 4n . the assessment for building a newthe business field of this city. ,lam, are now on deposit in a ParisThe Lee-Kent Company starts in liank, . , .business with excellent -prospects, Mayor January received a telegramhaving leases in proven- oil territory Saturday from Mr. L. H. FuUerpresthat will bring them a good patron-tlggU J the Paris Water Company, asage. They, have expert men in tnefofKwvs: .field, whose business it will Be to see , "Putnam, Conn., April -5.that the Lee-Kent gets all the good ME. B. January, Mayor, Paris, Ky:oil that is coming to them. The offl- "Have-sent funds for what I uncials of the Company are men of in- derstand to be one-hdlf of the estitegrity and with a large experience mated cost ,of dam, tb be depositedin the business, and that they will and held in escrow for that purpose,wake the Lee-Kent a successful oil Should have sent before but did notconcern goes without saying. The know that-Mr. Dickson had returned,stock is selling well. ' "L- H- FULLER.WE KNOW JM0WIs Mcrcj and NaturallyYour Thoughts Turn toSPRING CLOTHESWE ARE READY tonewest1-' styler-dn- -menVxancL young ..men'sSuits!"- Stein-BIbch and Michael Sterns - fineMB- ready-to-wear clothes cannot be excelled when itcomes to style, quality and workmanship.Many fancy patterns green; tans, blacks,black and white, shepherd plaids, greys, stripes andplaids. . . ,Many 'different style coats for Jthe young fellows panel backs, close fitting coat; and plairbacks.If you want quality and service in clothes letyour Spring Suit come from our store.riceRangeiFrom J$3SJ$to.ftoMITCHELL &i:m Nttlton Shpjes (Dr. Reed's Cushion SolcShocsMahhafetah Shirts .Stfetson Tiat-;frJ5rl &S&-ST'ff.-r y r- rFORMER CONGRESSMAN BOWBLEKILLED IN AUTOMOBILEACCIDENT.Former Congressman Stanley E.ton-Elm street car at the northeastcorner of Clifton avenue and Riddleroad Sunday afternoon a few minutesafter '5 o'ainpkwiip-a nf .& mr'hrh matrixcharges- of having violated TrafficRegulations Nos. 9 and" 2-le'ft, theformer prohibiting reckless drivingand the latter passing to the left of astreet car.After police had permitted Allento be released on $200 cash bond, hecontinued to Hamilton. Late Sunday..OVp HUW .u-ouv--.. .V.VW9 v(night hewas re-arrested by Hamilton policeon a manslaughter charge,aKd -was" placed in jail without bondon o,rder of Night Chief Kifgan,ofCincinnati. Detectives will be sentto Hamilton to return Allen to Mu-niciDal-Court.Mr. Bowdle was retained as counsel by Mr. John B. Madden to defendIfrank Munson, of Hutchison, thiscounty, who killed Wm. Foley, forpersuading his wife to leave him.The public is well acquainted withthe particulars of the tragedy.INSURANCE.Fire, Tornado, Lightning,Am torn obi le and Hail.YERKES & PEED."(janl4-tf)oPUNDS FOR THE DAMAccording, to a statement1 givenbut by Mayor E. B. January, fundsshow you the season'sBLAKEMOREZ--ZiIHI w V V . H m'IN THE SERVICE OF THEIRCOUNTRY.yParis relatives received a telegramSaturday, announcing the arrival atCamp Stewart of Private W. A.A. Lindehan, member of the 134thPield Artillery, who will proceed toCamp Zachary Taylor, where he willreceive his final discharge papers.Private John Moran, who has beenin England as a member of the Dr.Barrow Base Unit No. ,40, has returned to Paris, having received hishonorable discharge from the service,at Camp Merritt, New Jersey. Theother members of the Unit are stillat the camp, but, are due to arrive inLexington soon, 'Three of the former employes ofthe Power Grocery Company, whohave been in the service, have returned and resumed their former positions. Capt. Hugh Campbell, whohas been in the Quartermaster's Department, at Jeffersonville, Ind.,Sergt. Y. L. Harrison,, eleven monthsin the service in France, and HenryHamilton, who was with the Enforcement Division of the FederalFood Administration. And each onesaid he was glad to get back toParis.,Some time ago Mrs. Martha Puller,of near Hutchison, received an official communication from the WarDepartment, notifying her of thedeath in Prance of her son. Corn.James Fuller, with the statementthat more details would follow, assoon "as they" had been collected bythe Department. Young Fuller enlisted from this county, just one dayafter the declaration of "war had beenmade. He was then residing nearCenterville. He was sent to a mobilization camp, where he remainedfor a time, and was later sent overseas. Mrs. Fuller recently receivedthe following letter from First Lieut.Laylin Rock, U. S. A., in commandof Co. E, 148th Infantry, in. whichyoung Fuller was a Corporal. Theletter was written under date ofJanuary 24, 1949, and follows:"Mrs. Martha Fuller,"Muir, Ky."My Dear Mrs. Fuller:"It would perhaps be a great consolation "to you to know some of thedetails of your son, Corporal BarnesFuller, Co. E, 148th Jnfantry, -ofwhose death no doubt you have beennotified1 by the War Department."Corp. Fuller 'fell -onjhe- field ofbattle -October- 3ir by machine gunfire 'dying instantly, near the townof Olsene, Belgium. -"Jam.es' name has'been mentionedin Division General Orders by Division Commander for his bravery andcourageous actions under fire, andhis deeds of valor are on record asone who made the supremesacrificein the cause of justice."James is buried in the vicinity ofOlsene, Belgium. I do not know theexact location of his grave, but oncompletion of photos taken by theGrave Registration Service, they willbe forwarded to you."You son was a brave and courageous soldier, beloved by .his comrades and alLjvho knew him. Hewas always cneenm uuuci mo iwi.trying circumstances."I, with the entire company, jointogether in extending to you ourdeepest symapthy in your great bereavement. "FIRST LIEUT. LAYLIN ROCK,r ' "Commanding Co. E."Mr. James McClure, cashier of theFitht National Bank of Paris, recently received a telegram from his son;Lieut; Jairies Winn McClure, stationed -with the Eighth -TJ. S. Cavalry atjEL Paso, ' Texas, in which . it wasstated that he had been transferredtothe Seventeenth Cavalry and hisregiment ordered to embark fromSan Francisco, for Honolulu.TO'HONOH BOURBON COUNTY-.SOLDIER DEAD.'.; Bourbon county's heroic dead ofthe late war are to be honored hyBourbon county women. At a meeting, of the City Federation of Wo-i mean's Clubs, it was decided to plantla' grove of-trees in the Paris Cemetery as a memorial to tne t-wenty-fbur.braveboys from Bourbon countywho give' their lives in the service oftheir country.i .The 'planting of the trees was begun Saturday afternoon, with appropriate ceremonies and was-completedyesYerday., As the months go .byother' tree's will be planted in rowsafdiig'the principal roadsides leading 'into Paris', until there, is a. treefor every boy -who wore .the colorsduring he great world-war. . . -THE EFFICIENCY INSTITUTE.; ". An Efficiency Institute, embracingan all-day meeting, ' beginning at1 0 : 30. ;a.Mn.,;. w.iH he-held 1n the' parlors. Pf 'the' Paris , Christian, church,id-morrow, April 5. Mrs. Anderson,of Indiana. 'National Secretary. Mrs.CamnbelL.of Lexington. State Secre-1"tary, Mrs. Wlden, of Danville, State'!qupCUUlCilUCUl Ul (JB auu vxxi4T uc-Dartment. and Mrs. C. A Thomas, ofJlilhgtonj.Oistrict-jSecreta.ry, wU bepresent. I'trW ,. " "A light luncheon wiirbeserved toihsmbers! of, all- county C. W. B. M..:atfiiliai-ies7:Iissidn Circles "and Trl-' anaie. uiuds..13, LCt?V J- r V' .-r w r- i" j x . ., 'J.Viuua. uucow uwu- auuifta!.najjsa-usiq are-ibu 'eiiieutea I OO.iTTnffVA . 'fV.aT, -;.-. '1UT --. - t "Tr.T"THE JEWISH "RELIEF - FUlfbSTARTED DMVE YESTEKDAYAt a meeting of the Bourboncounty organization of the NationalCouncil of Defense held Saturday atthe court house with Chairman A. B.Hancock presiding, it was unanimously decided to get behind thedrive for the Jewish war sufferers,which started yesterday. Committees and canvassers were appointedto visit every precinct in Bourbon,county.The amount to be raised is $4,700.The Jewish people of Paris raisedamong themselves $1,655. and nearly?1,000 was raised at the meetingheld at the court house Saturday bythe people of Paris and Bourboncounty.The drive is to be put on in everyState under the auspices of theAmerican Jewish Relief Committee,with headquarters in New York, City,to raise $35,000,000 for the starvingmillons of Jewish war sufferers, whomay die unless aid is given themquickly. The campaign is entirelynon-sectarian, and non-Jews areworking just as actively and enthusiastically as the Jews, side by side,in the common cause of humanity.Leading men in this city and county have interested themselves in thecampaign, and have responded quickly to the call to give their time -andmeans to the support of the movement. The campaign, like all theothers in this county, will be carriedto a successful conclusion, through'the e'fforts of the workers.Subscribers to the American Jewish Wer Relief Campaign in Kentucky may send their pledges to Alfred Brandies, State Treasurer, 601Paul Jones Buliding. Louisville, Ky.,payable now or June loth and August 1st. Subscriptions of any amountwill be greatly received.Three million Jewish people arestarving on the Eastern Europeanwar Front. They can be saved ifthe American people will subscribe tothe American Jewish War ReliefFund. The people of Kentucky expect to contribute ?208,000 April 7to 11.Every dollar subscribed to theAmerican Jewish War Relief Campaign Fund for starving Jewish people in Eastern Europe goes direct tothe fund. The expenses of the campaign are borne out of a private fundcontributed by Jewish philanthropists in addition to large personalsubscriptions.Non-Jewish people as well as Jewsare entering heartily into the campaign in Kentucky to raise $20 8, '000,April 7 to 11 for the starving millions of Jewish people in the EasternEprope war zones." Those" "who arenot solicited personally are asked tosend money tb Alfred Brandeis, StateTreasurer, 601 Paul Jones Biulding,Iiouisville, Ky. Payments can bemade now, June 15 or August 1. -Seventeen cents a day, $5.00 amonth, $60.00 a year will buy a lifeamong' the starving Jewish people, inthe Eastern European War zones.Any sums, however small or large,will be thankfully received. Send toAlfred Brandeis, State Treasurer,American Jewish War Relief Fund, ,601. Paul Jones Building, Louisville,Ky.All ' funds for" the relief of thestarving millions of Jewish peoplecaught in .the maelstrom of war inthe Eastern European war zones are, 'cabled to. Europe through the StateDepartment at Washington, and. aredistributed 'through United StatesConsuls and Agents of the AmericanJ Jewish Relief Committee of. NewrYork City. - . jSecretary of State Lansing wiredFelix M, Warburg" receipt -of theCol-lowing cablegram from The Hague,"For God's sake raise all the money'you can. .Conditions indescribable -anunxeplained catastrophe faces thePolish Jews. America practically -solehelp." Kentucky is seeking toraise .$208,000 as her share for therelief of three million starving Jewsin the Eastern war zones. All sub. -scriptionsof any size may be sent foAlfred' Brandeis; State Treasurer, '601 Paul Jones Building, Louisvilfe,Ky. '-The money 'to be raised in Kentucky for -the relief of the starvingmillions of Jewish people in EasternEurope is to be spent for civilian relief .only. - This fund is not for Jew-ish soldiers and has no connectionwith the United War Work Campaign. No other campaign for thisfund will be undertaken this year.Kentucky's quota is $208,000. NonJews are co-operating with. Jews. -sPAIUS MAN INSTRUCTING LOUISVILLE, IN FIRE DEILLS. ', Fire drills in schools and factorialof Louisville will feature an- jeduca'-vfional campaign to'be carried -oby-Ed.M." Hite, formerly of Paris, Dp-utr-State "Fire Marshal, who- an-. "nounced his new nre'nrevftnMrm nm..grain tor Louisville on 'copletimrthe' lire 'risk cleanup: The if of,thet fire department and 'his assistant chiefs will assist Mr. Hite in'riiting the schools, mills, an shojewhere fiW drills- Will be heli, aidwhere lectures on Are nreveatibaLwill be given. The camaair willbe inaugurated at once. It is statedby the Deputy Fire Marshal ihat-act-."" unna win save more irpeg LULU-afcy amount of warriing.nnmmg in. me ciiy. exoMltlmrjjrivate' dwellings, were vsitec dating ,1he. campaign. Aeport okSrhatwasaccomalishedy shortly' -will 'mags, py. ivir.-Jte.-Jo, IAuWtIIWBomrd . of .Trade, 4iafr. C,irWauit-ffuiracea by.. Stmator- mm. fVia ra, '.'jy - t . "M. m-. i'r, I!H, ijHi;.i1H'..VftTItcrease of 44,0dfr, since March: . tEenJiipOTu-Wr,present.Aps3X - -iF,A lift"'r gAGE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, APRIL S, WIlrMTHEBOUHNEWSEstablished 1881 37 Years of Continuous PublicationPablished Every Tuesday and PridayPar Year.. $2.00 6 Months.. $1.00Payable in Adavance.SWEET CHAMP, Editor and Owner.wintered at the Paris, Kentucky,Poetoffioe as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)Any erroneous reflection upon theJtfuracter, standing or reputation otny person, firm or corporation which(ay appear in the columns of THE'BOURBON NEWS will be gladly corrected If brought to attention of thedltor.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perInch for first time; 50 cents per inchach subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blackfcype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisecents and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reseivedto decline any advertisement or other'matter for publication.' Announcements for political officesmost invariably be accompanied bythe cash.EDITORIAL MUSINGS.Raise the School Teachers' Pay.' Teachers should be paid more.That "is the conviction that has sunkin so deeply in Washington, that itseems reasonable to expect that theinfluence and force of the Government will back the proposition, and- seek to establish standards in sucha manner as to effect action from au'thorities in the States and in the different school districts and separatee'1"cational units everywhere in theV ted States. The question hasIx.-n argued over and over again,but repetition will do no hurt. HereJfwe are as a people, - making makeshift of the most important profession in existence. Double the pay isthe demand, so that men and womencan enter teaching as a profession,and expect to remain in it, just as dolawyers, doctors and a limited number of editors who are making moremoney than school teachers. TheFederal Bureau,of Education, as wellas the organizations within theStates, are insisting that this is a-vital matter, and that somethingalong constructive lines must be doneto meet the situation- During thedays when every train coming intoWashington was unloading wholeplatoons of maidens fair, bent upondoing their patriotic duty, and incidentally drawing a nice Governmentsalary, there were a great many" school teachers enlisting for the warjobs. Results proved that while the- most of these were doubtless verygood school teachers that they were"without training for clerical work,"!" and that from the standpoint of rendering a public service that they hadmuch better have remained at home,teaching the young idea how to. shoot, and' in spending their sparetime in the- different war activities. of their own community. But these. 'young women felt that they were notproperly compensated in their own. -oommunitLes, and therefore they gavetup Jheir work in order to answer a'.call from their Government, whichsaid, on the screens and elsewhere:'-"I need thee every hour," or words-to that effect.' Lastly, as. a- minister in the Uni-. tartan chnrchsald, at the conclusionvrof his sermon jSunday morning: "Ifvajnong these many words you haveheard the still, small voice, hardennot your hearts." This friendly adap-,' tation is directed specifically toschool boards, officials and all oth-" ers who have a hand in fixing the sal-aries of school' teachers.Government and' Private Insurance.. - In June. 1918, seventy marinesfell, in battle in an attack somewhereon the Marne. Fifty-seven of themcarried the maximum of $10,000 insurance; one was insured for $8,000,and twelve for $5,000. The govern--ment obligation was $500,000; but itifwas not the case of an obligation deferred for years until an act of Con-- gress would recognize the claim, as. with the old pension system.- ,1'Up to. the end of 1918 the United. States Government had paid out to? -vthe- .veterans of the Revolution, therwar of 1812, Indian wars, the Mexi-.'can. war, the Civil War and the war'with Spain, the vast -sum 'of $5,215.-'-52BV7 80 'pensions. In the light ofthese ngrures- it will perhaps develop. that the' war insurance legislation ofT? October, 1917, under the provisions'rof which 4,000,000 policies, totalingtr?S6,G00,0O0,O00 in insurance has'it been written, will prove to be a goodstroks of business On the part of Uncle Sam.Oaptain Edward S. Brashears, a. .leading Washington insurance man,. who ielped organize -the War Risk"J , Insurance Bureau, is b&ck at thehead of his general agency, and in' .as interview he .says: -'My. adviceto every man who took ,out Government insurance is the same now as itwarn when 1 was in the service, u tellthem to keep their insurance." Captain Brashears says that there, aresixty million insurance prospects inthe United States, and he gives it ashis opinion that the government byentering the field, is creating a psychology favoring bigger policies thatlocal agents in every town in thecountry can well afford to build on.He says that every man who hastaken insurance through the Govern-Vment will be a booster who will induce his friends and relatives to takeinsurance. The larger policies written by the Government, he says, simply represent the increase in valuesand in the "high cost of living.""Besides," adds Captain Brashears,"every man who takes out. a life insurance policy, whether with theGovernment, or a private company,becomes a budding capitalist andthat's where the Bolshevist idea losesagain."Urges Tree Planting.Arbor Day will (take on an addedsignificance this year because of theaction of the Secretary of Agriculture in his letter to the Governor ofevery State urging trees be plant-edin memory of the Yanks who gavetheir lives in the fight for democracy.The Department of Agriculturepromises its utmost support in providing trees and in advising as to varieties and methods of planting. Theletter of Secretary Houston is highlypraised in Washington, especially theparagraph reading, "Along with theother memorials that will be erectedto our heroes, we can easily discoverways in which we may simply payour tribute to them. We can keepfresh our memory of what they gave;and we can perpetuate their names infamiliar places. We may do this byadorning with young trees, eachnamed for a fallen soldier, our waysides, our yards and our pleasureplaces. This year we may give toArbor Day a meaning more profound,a purpose more' exalted, yet also anassociation more personal."oMR. METCALFE RESUMES FORMER L. & N. POSITION.The following official announcement was issued Friday by J. A.Morrison, Division Superintendent ofthe L. & N. Railroad:"United States Railroad Administration. "Walker D. Hines, Director Generalof Railroads."Louisville & Nashville Railroad,"Kentucky Division"Office of Superintendent,"Paris, Ky., April 1, 1919."Mr. J. G. Metcalfe has been appointed Assistant Superintendentwith office at Paris, Ky."J. A. MORRISON,"Superintendent."Approved :"B. M. STARKS,"General Manager."This announcement is of specialinterest to the many friends of Mr.Metcalfe who has recently returnedfrom France where he occupied a responsible railroad position during thewar, having resigned his place hereas Master of Trains to enlist in theservice. Since coming to Paris a fewhas become very popular both in railroad and social circles, and is receiving congratulations upon his proyears ago from Memphis, Tenn., hemotion.oWHAT EVERY WOMAN WANTS.. Good Looks! Itst a new Woman'sHome Companion department andGrace Margaret Gould is writing itand the March issue ushers it in:"Think for a moment how the prettiest face you ever saw would lookwithout -your hair! Very often it isthe hair that does the whole trick.It softens and gives the right expression. Very of tenr too, we remember our friends by their hair, although we do not realize it. In fact,the hair is a part of costume and,like the costume, it is governed byfashion."You can't wear an old-fashionedcoiffure with a new-fashioned gownwithout looking absurd. Ringletsand straight, severe ' lines don't gotogether."But hair, even at its prettiest, israw material. There is really no suchthjng as sweet disorder in hair. Ithas the habit of being disorderly inwrong and unexpected places, sticking up and flattening down justwhere you don't want it to Remember, if you get your hair wrong youmay look like Betsy Bobbetr."oSound-Proof Council Itoom,The apartment at 10 Downing street,where the meetings of the British cabinet 'are held, is a solid and plainlyfurnished room, 15 feet long and 20feet wide, fitted with double doors,through which no sound can reach thekeenest listening ears.Spasmodic Sermon.The world may- owe every man aliving; but some felloes are convincedthat the world has been holding outback pay on 'em for a long time.FQR RENT.Store r room, fronting onstreet in Masonic Temple.MainSingle room, second floor, runningwater, elevator acommodations, foroffice use or living apartment.0; T. HINTON,, Agt.; JItsonic Temple.Auto Tire LostLost, between Lexington .'and Carlisle, a 34x4 Goodrich Cord AutoTire. Reward if returned toDONALD B. NEAL,346 East -Main St.,J VA1-IW ACXiUtJlOnA..miSSSKdmBmtM W :1!' i liilli i S'iWn I i jiirf iii s ii slllllllllllllllllllll!I IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIh i IffKfli Llr. IffiifiUlHIiliiillti I JVt 1 1 LSI 1 1 twf I fMHHiJ IB i ItMiMiilliniMMiMiitifilMiilitfitliiiJMiil ttij!!!igIII tlllllllttillllfillllli 111(1 (IIIiIIIIh Iii ii I nil it inn i ii hi ii in in hi ii Willi ii iiiiii iiii iiiiii till i hi i iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiHAT.FAT.PA WINS ITS WAY. .The acreage of alfalfa in Kentuckyis growing quite rapidly.' The farmers are learning that it is cheaper forthem ta lime their land than it is forthe Western grower to irrigate hisfields. Of course, farmers have tolearn to grow alfalfa just as theywould aay other crop, with whichthey were not thoroughly familiar.The farmer, who has not grownthis wonderful forage plant, but isinterested,, can now secure "Alfalfa,"Circular No. 70, which is .absolutelyfresh off the press. It has up-to-the-very-minuteinformation concerningthe preparation of the land, the careof the crop and the harvesting ofalfalfa. The bulletin is free to thefarmer who drops the College of Agriculture, at Lexington, a line.oFriendship Shows Worth.I often find myself going brtek toDarwin's saying about the durationof a man's friendship being one ofthe best measures of his worth. AnneThackeray Ritchie.For SaleVacant lot on Scott , avenue,50x200 feet. Very desirable forerection of home. Is in nice surroundings. DR. WM. RILEY FRANKLIN.(21-tf)LOSTOn' the Peacock pike, -between theold Peacock distillery and Paris, abrown fox fur neckpiece, lined withcrepe de chene. Return to BOURBON NEWS office and receive reward. ( 4-tf )Girls Wanted50 white girls and women to selectturkey feathers. All year work. Verydesirable enviornment. Opportunityto make splendid wages.Apply Dow Building:. 201 MainStreet.-(4-2t)- FEATHER PRODUCTS 0.Jxn zimmx.Farm Wagon For Sale.Farm wagon in good condition.Newly repaired, and has good bed.J. C. FIGHTMASTER,(28-4t) High St., near Eighth.For Sale.Set or dining- room furniture; al-most new; a superb set. Call on oraddress,MRS. .N. A. MOORE,(l-3t) 505 Main St., Paris, Ky.Typewriter For Sale !One No. 10 new model Smith Premier Typewriter in ftrst-class condition, tout little used!. Has all improvements, and is a bargain.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.(21-tf)Furs and HidesWe pay highest prices for iron,hides, junk and wool.MUNICH & WIDES & CQEighth St., Pari3, Ky.,Cumb. Phone 374.(23-tf)Attention, Farmers!' Our Mr. R. M. Osborne will be atthe Phoenix Hotel, in Lexington, forthe next week, with wholesale priceson lumber for tobacco Und stockbarns, ,etc.A. HEADLEY CARD,(2 4-tf) Pineville,, Ky. "For Rent." Two nicely furnished,, front ;bedrooms, in Nippert Flat; over theLinville Shoe. Store; for -gentlemenroomers. 'Apply on premises.v MRS. N AMOORE,(l-3t) 505 'Main St., Paris; Ky,Satisfy" what does that mean?Chesterfields touch the smoke-spot; whichis 'another way of saying thatvthey let youknow you are smoking they "Satisfy"!Still, they're mild.The "Just-right" blend of Turkish andDomestic tobaccos does it and the blend can'tbe copied- Today, try Chesterfields,. .The extra, wrapper o glassinepaper keeps. 'eta Irresh.For SaleBuff Orphingtcns and White Leghorns, Cockerels, Alfred Clay strain.(11-tf) CHARLTON CLAY.Wagon and CarriagePaintingWork done promptly. Old jobsmade" new. Prices very reasonable.J. C. FIGHTMASTER,(28-4t) High St., near Eighth.Administrator's Notice!All persons having claims againstthe estate of the late Amanda Holl--and;are hereby requested to presentthem,, properly proven as required bylaw,, to the undersigned administrator. All persons knowing themselves indebted to the 'estate of the deceasedAamanda Holland, are requested tocall at the same place and settlesame.ED. J. MARTYN,Administrator Amanda Holland.(4-3t)FOR SALE!We offer for sale, privately, ourtwo-story brick residence situated on the west side of Main street,near Tenth street. The lot., has afrontage of 54 feet on Main street,running back between parallel linesa distance of about 218 feet to HitrhI street. ' The house contains about 10rooms, with basement .under the entire house ; is. in good condition andin a fine neighborhood. Good cistern on the premises. There is asplendid building lot fronting onHigh street.If you are looking for a good homethis is theoplace..thaj;-will suityou.rProsoective purchasers are invite-to call and4rispect'llic,'Xroperty.ELIZABETH GRANNAN.MARY. GRANNAN,WM. GKANNAN. . '(aprl-tt). . " "i-in JiWie"! Pi! Wli '- xfr-'Hi,. 'ii i 1! I Ii'1''"'.,.! 'T"i!t&mimWHj Mill'1'ljf&JxZ&UzVOIUOClCo'.WANTED.Upholstering and Repairing.Household Furniture Bought andjSold. Motto: Quick Sales and! SmalljProflts.J ' HICKS. FURNITURE CGi,s C. M. Coyle, Upholsterer and: Manager.No. 4, Broadway, Paris;. Ky.Cum. Phone 822. (21KEmo)FOR SALE ATLAST!The real estate Arm ot Thompson & Downs, at Taytorsvlile,Ky., have at last succeeded ingetting on their list for sale,among many others,, one of thefinest farms in Kentucky, containing 350 acres 16& acres ingrass, 115 acres in wheat, thebest in the county and the balance has been in clover, and isnow being plowed,, a great partNof which has been plowed earlyThis land is in a high state ofcultivation. It has the finesthome in Nelson county, an eightroom residence, beside hall,porches, etc., all fitted up withelectric lights,, water works,bath, toilet; is furnace-heated,and is modern in every respect.The place has a very fine cattleham with X20 individual stalls;lots of shed and loft room; hastwo large tile silos that willhold 330 tons; one of the fine3tcemented grainerles in theState; an eight-acre tobaccobarnf an extra good one; barnshave -lights and water; threeextra .good tenant houses, withall good outbuildings with each;good fencing all over the place;good orchard an plenty of goodwater. Price right Address,"a.u& DOWNSi- Real Eittte Ageats,. . TayltrsTille, Xj.(25-tf) - )TUESDAY, APHIL '8, 1919.THE BOTOBOH HEWS, PABIS, KEHTOCKTMMOWNER OF BIGHOTEL HELPEDCanEat Chops and EgsMeritone Put StomachIn Shape.Since"W. J. Cain, of 504 Fifth avenue,south, Nashville, is the owner of abig hotel and sells lots of good thingsto eat every day, but until recentlyhe could not eat much at all himself."Meritone fixed me up, though,and put my stomach in such goodcondition that I can eat a breakfastof pork chops and eggs and enjoy it,"Mr. Cain said recently.Though a prominent man, Mr.Cain talked willingly for publication,about .Meritone."Besides stomach trouble I alsowag run down all over," he said. "Ifelt so weakened and bad that Icould hardly force myself to get upin mornings."Since taking Meritone, however,I feel so well and strong that I'mable to supervise all the v.-ork in mythirty-room hotel."Mr. Cain is only one of manyprominent people who have recommended Meritone because of benefitsit has brought them. Meritone hasno superior for stomach, liver or kidney trouble, catarrh, rheumatism andthe like or for building up a strong.system.Meritone is sold exclusively inParis at G. S. Varden & Son's.(adv)oThrough seven depots in northernFrance and Belgium, the Red Cross isdistributing clothing to destituterefugees.WHOOPING COUGH.Give Chamberlain's Cough Remedyto keep the cough coose and expectoration easy. It is execellent.(adv-april)Wilmoth'sFreshHome! Baked Breads,Cakes, Pies, Etc.DailyFreshMeats,Roasts,Steaks,Chops, Fancy Goods.inTROPHY TBABr ' AKD ' BAUD TOVISIT THIS CITY.A trophy train which is booked "toreach Paris- Sunday, April 20, willcontain artillery, arms, accoutrement and manV articles capturedfrom the Germans, a United Statesnaval band of 30 pieces or more, captured German helmets and probablya tank train.These will figure in the campaignfor the Victory Loan in Kentucky,according to letters and telegramsreceived from Cleveland headquarters by Mr. J. J. Williams chairmanof the Speakers' Bureau, and Coroner Rudolph Davis, publicity director for the Bourbon Division.The band will ,give a concert inParis on April 20.About 369 helmets have been al-i lotted to this district, which includes156 counties. . It is. not. Jniown howthey are to .be distributed, but i it isthought that they will, be used asawards for the workers or for largesubscribers to the loan.Mrs. Lyman Chalkley, Statewoman's chairman for the district,has been notified that women workers will receive medals made fromcannon captured at Chateau Thierry,each of which will be engraved withthe name of the recipient.The schedule for the band is asfollows:April 14 Lexington.April 15 Hazard.April 16 Jackson.April 16 Winchester (night).April 17 Richmond.April 18 Nicholasville.April 19 Georgetown.April 20 Paris.The trophy train will stop at thefollowing towns:April 1'9 Somerset, Burnside,Stearns, Junction City.April 29 Lancaster, Stanford.April 21; Mt. Vernon, Livingston,East Berns'tadt, London and Corbin.April 22 Williamsburg, Barbourville, Pineville.April 23 Middlesborough, Harlan,Lynch.April 24. Winchester, Beattyville,Jackson.April 25 Hazard, Whitesburg,Fleming.April 26 Mt. Sterling, Olive Hill.April '27 Paintsville, Prestonsburg, Pineville.Of the 369 helmets alloted to theKentucky Division, Bourbon County will receive 5; Kenton, 36; Campbell, 34; Payette, 19; Boyd, 13; Mason, 7; Bell, Clark, Harlan, Harrisonand Letcher, 6, and the remainder othe 57 counties in the division,each,- oSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and GoingsPeople Here, There andElsewhere.of. OurHEED SEOEEAItY FIVES' HOTBESON SUNDAY SCHOOL WORK.The Field Secretary nf tlio xr,.tucky Sunday Schools, IVfr Dennisi V. fcnapp, of Paris. returns! WorinooMr nnrt Mi-c Woifo. moih n-r.A day from an extended trin J Vi in.daughter, MissLbuise, have returned tel?st J?f the Missionary Centenaryfrom n mnfnr n4n4nnnl . an" Other Methodist ChnrMi ftrtran.Miss Tillie Jaynes has returned lza.tlons- His temporary headquartersfrom Beuna Vista, Florida, where Tere "iad? at, Somerset and fromshe spent the winter with Mrs. Z. T. , there he visited surrounding towns.Merriett. iast Sunday Mr. Snapp organizeda Sunday School at Soule's Chapel,' Mrs. Edward Smarte has return- ' about five miles from Somerset, anded to her home in Paris very much Sunday night he addressed the memimproved, after having undergone a Ders of the Somerset Epworthserious, operation at St, Joseph's Hos- League Chapter, which organizationpital, in Lexington. j he effected last January with a Char-. niA. n nrM Iter membership of about twenty-five.. ., '" "" "i&c .." """ xne cnapter now nas nearly two hunShelbyville, recently a member of dred members enrolledUncle Sam's army,, was a .recent Monday evening, Mr. Snapp delivguest of Mr. Z. L. Wilcox, secretary ered the Centenary Stereopticon Lecof the Bourbon County Y. M. C. A. j ture at the Ferguson MethodistMr. and Mrs. Arthur Pickens, of 51 Tuesday night he was aHavana, Cuba, and New York, are ' , Squ,et eJvn by .the Sun"guests of Mrs. Pickens' parents, Mr. Qi,";"r lTOTUi'ou?cu01 eand Mrs, Jackson Greggs, of High Somerst Methodist Church. On thisstreet. Mrs. Pinions i n n Wnf ' occasion h.e Outlined the-house-to-house membership carrigaign to be inauguratea May 12-24.For the past two months greatemphasis'has been laid upon the partthe Sunday School is to take in thecampaign for Methodist millions.Mr. Alex Baird. -Mr. Jesse Scott, of near RuddlesMills, who recently underwent a surgical operation at the Massie Memorial Hospital. 'in this city-, is reportedas being greatly improved, and will Fifteen hundred Sunday Schools ofsoon be able to leave the institution, j tne Methodist Episcopal Church,(Other Personals on Page5) South, have gone into the Centenaryn I records of that, ripnnrmnnfinn no" nnaYES, PUBLISHERS WILL BE GIV- j hundred per cent, pledgers. ThisEN THOSE MEDALS ! nuinuer oi scnoois m many soutnern' j cities and townships have promisedOut of a clear sky and from way to pay five cents per month per pupildown in Kentucky there came to M. enrolled for, five years towards theH. Laundon, publicity director, last missionary work of the church,week, a pointed, pithy question. Vic- j The Centenary Campaign will asktor V. Vinson, publisher of the Estill for $35,000,000 from the membersTribune, at Irvine, Kentucky, wrote of tne denomination in a great driveon the edge of a proof sheet of the MaY 18-25, and the Sunday Schoolfeature plate which bore pictures of allotment which is in addition to thethe medal to be awarded all volun- regular campaign, is being completedteer workers in the Victory Loan this n advance of the financial drive ofquestion: I the church."Do you think the country pub-' Tna following Sunday Schools inlisher will be cited to receive one of i the Kentucky Conference have formthese medals?" ally accepted their quota of fiveA little consideration of what the cents per month per pupil enrollednewspaper publishers have done to , for five years iput the four past loans across andwhat they are going to do to put theListVictory Loan across made only oneanswer possible. The answer is yes.oWAR TAUGHT THBUT, SAYSBISHOP DENNEY.of Sunday Schools AcceptingFive Cent Allotment.(Corrected To April 4)Covington DistrictSchool , Amt. PerButlerBoston"The war has brought about many" Carthagei-- hist niri n r nni r Y-nn -c 1 w ! .iiiirir-nitInn flnlliriR Tlennpv. of the M. E. MomincWM W V. - J 7 ,CATABBH CANNOT BE CUBEDFamousCoffees and TeasWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376With local applications, as theycannot reach the seat" of the disease.Catarrh is a local disease, greatly influenced by constitutional conditions,and in order to cure it you must takean internal- remedy.. Hall's CatarrhMedicine is taken internally and actsthrough the blood on the mucous surfaces of the" system.' Hall's CatarrhMedicine was prescribed by one ofthe best physicians in this countryfor years. It is composed of some ofthe best tonics known, combinedwith some of the bst blood purifiers.The perfect combination of the ingredients in Hall's Catarrh Medicine iswhat produces such wonderful results in catarrhal conditions. Sendfor testimonials, free.-vF. J. CHENEY & CO.,Proprietors; Toledo, O.All druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (adv-april)oMore cocoa 200 tons;, of it hasjust been shipped to France by theAmerican Red Cross.oThe French Red ..Cross plans totake care of the graveB of Frenchsoldiers buried in the Orient throughits committee in Salonica.Month$3.052.502.004.001.00declared Bish-.CaliforniaView.Church, South, before a gathering of j Danville District.Centenary workers of that denomin- Perryville 10.00ation in Owensboro, Kentucky, re- London 6.00cently; "Perhaps the greatest d is- Lancaster 5.00covery of all is that of the need of Wilmore &Ji ,conservation. The people of the 1BarboUrsville"IIIIZ 1.25world have been great wasters, but Danville 18.75now we know that many things rele- i Moreland 2.50gated to the garbage can and the Stanford v 8.33trash, properly turned over, are valu-1 Middlesboro 5.00able in sustaining life. During the Junction City " 1.00years to come thousand upon thous- j-McKendree ' 5100ands of people, who otherwise would , Mackville 5.00have sunk under the rule of shiftless--nessand inefficiency, will be enabledto build strong bodies' and ccheerf tilhomes because of the things whichhave been learned through the war.Itf'time these":facts may have cometo us anyway, but, without the war,Frankfort District.Hughes Chapel - 1.25Georgetown 6.00Worthyill. 4.00Corinth j 2.00Warsaw- 4.40Jackson District.it would have taken a hundred years jenkms - ' 5 qqto ,uave uruusuc utcui t VUi "-""" iJackson 6.00eage.DO YOU SLEEP WELL?Lexington District.Irvine 1 2.50Owingsville 1.50Mf SfnWHncr 1 A OflAooe ai imj uesia mauiuubi uu,vc Lexington pirst Church 10.00sound, refreshing-sleep. When wake-. Nicholasville '" 8 00ful and restless "at night he is in no i "ii""r"I Icondition for work or business during ' . MaysYille District.the day. Wakefulness is often caused iiS. " SSby indigestion and constipation, and tVllsD V-"V?iL"""e 5i!ivw wi kv niiowi.,,,' Maysville, First Church 7,60rr-v-io mrr a v.nr.n foKiafc Bethel 1.60and see how much better you feelwith a clear head and good digestion.(adv-april)Wolf, Wile & Co.LEXINGTON, KENTUCKYTo Those Women and Misseswho like to wear styles which are head and shouldersabove the commonplace we would ask you to take a tripto view theseNew Suitsand DressesDRESSESFor All OccasionsModels that appeal to the discriminating girl and youthful woman. Nothing of the freakish appears in a singlefrock:just the quiet elegance of good taste in every Jine.The simplicity which showsthe hand of genius of masterdesigners.SUITSIn Slender Effect ModelsThey display that "slender Effect" to a nicety and introduce many little style touches in pockets, sleeves andcuffs. Great care was used in picking out these garments; they are for women who appreciate exclusivenessand youngish ideas at REASONABLE PRICES.Wolf, Wile C& Co.LEXINGTON, KENTUCKYSend That Next Job off Printing to TheBourbon News. Best Work; Right Prices.wNepton 1.25Helena 3.05Shelbyville District.Mount Zion -- 4.00Camphellsbtfrg 2.00Wesley Chapel 1.00Beech ,Fork.. 2.00-Mortonsville , 1.75New, Castle 6.51)Sulphur 2.00LaGrange ii 10.00Smithfield 1.50oOF LOCAL INTERESTTHJE'U N I VE R S-AJL ffARFord cars have become such a world .utility that itwould almost seem as if every -family ought to have itsFord car. Runabout, Touring Car, Coupe, Sedan (thetwo latter have enclosed bodies) and the Truck Chassis,have really become a part and parcel of human life. Youwant one because its service will,, be profitable for you."We solicit your order at once because, while . production islimited, it will be firstcome first; supplied.Haggles Motor Co,16 tank Row, Paris, Ky.Some People We Know, and We WillProfit hy Hearing Ahout Them.This is a purely local event. 'It took place in Paris.Not in some far away place.You are asked to investigate it.Asked to believe a citizen's wordTo confirm a citizen's statement.Any article that is endorsed athome is more worthy of 'confidencethan one you know .nothing about.'Endorsed by unknown people.Floyd H. Rankin, grocer, Lillestonavenue and Lucas street, says: "Ihave used Doan's Kidney Pills offand on for years and have beengreatly benefitted by them. Attimes I have suffered severely withkidney complaint. My back oftenpained me and was lame all the time.The kidney secretions were too frequent in passage and greatly annoyedme. When I have been this way, Ihave always found that a box of Doin'sj Kidney Pills hast never failed tocure me of the attack in short order.", Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Rankin had. Poster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.: r Oi :FOR BILIOUS TROUBLESTo promote a healhjr action of theliver and correct the 'disorders caused, ' by biliousness, Chamberlain'sTablets are excellent. Try them andsee how quickly they give yoU a relish1 for your food and banish thatdull and stupied feeling.(adv-april)Poultry and EggsWANTEDThe undersigned firm has added anew department to their business andare now prepared to handle' all kindsof country .produce. Highest cashprices paidAlio Hides,: Junk; Etc., Wanted.Trucks Will Call For Same.Munich & WidesOpposite Martin's Livery StableOn Eighth Street;CUMBERLAND PHONE 374Firemen of four New York companies have knit 400 pairs o socks, forthe Red jCross. -Blue Grass Oil Exchange( Incorporated )Kentucky Oil Securities bought andsold at Open Call Sessions every,Wednesday . 8:00 p.m.Saturday . . 4:00 p. m.Saturday . . 8:00 p.m. vOne Sal Wtdntuty. Tw Salts Saturday,I , d1S MAIM STRFFT., Cumb. Phftite 313, Ntrt t N. KrkrUr,f. i" c ..r3 BE3 MBQuality Printing!Absolute Satisfaction is one of theRequisites pfThe News Job PrintingDepartment A Trial Order Solicited.IB aiaiBiBSBiBaiiiEiipaHMM, tqfilU - -r i '"wlllMttwIV1 "'RT5T:.rraidS PWfc P??1GE itrosTHE BOTOBOX HEWS;TUESDAY, APRJL ilt9.V.;n'aw?-rrsoe,.S. "EHEA "EMTERS EACE"FOE GOVERJfOB.WOMEN'S ACTIVITIES. fThomas fe. Rhea, of Russellville,wr"hr xsraa. nmrv ratio Stst- MmflalsTiv manager at;the last election, has 'made'-his formal announcement as a j , .-, - n -candidate for the Democratic nomin- A"c "" 1U&& ocwiuS xvuuma.ation jor uovernor. Tuesdav Presbyterian Churchji,ClYKnOTGTOB'HTre anntSAL SEFORT TO LEAGUE.; ' ' ; t; f." At the recent meeting of tfre.Bouf-ibqn County Health and WelfareLeague, Mrs? Harriet Minaker, Visiting Nurse, presented hef. annual report' for the past year, sho-Wing tlfework accomplished, a summary ofMr.. Rhea, managed Senator, Beqkr , tfVednesfla' Mrs. Hm'ton's Mission which follows;ttt r . Caw ry 4"k v4 n 1 ai -w vt v t?to tf 5 MT M A fJ Ichosen bsr'&ov. 'Stanley to ' conduct l'.h.is campaign when he made the raceto succeed the late Senator OHieJames. - j"I make this announcement afterbaviiig had this matter under advisement several weeks," reads Mr.Rhea's formal announcement, "hav-Thursday- Mission Circle,.-Club-Calendar.; The Parjs Literary Club April 9.This being the last session of the' club year, the President presentsTVTiaa "Tlaiaov TVT-wt- Tir-fo in ronttaling conferred with leaders represent-,' . . iKnrth. k Mi(141(;tnwn ..wnma.n'sing various' elements in the. party ariai,cinh';j. inv,'ted r thA no&nn ndmat it- noiuiuaiea mui xbelievingcan carry the party banner to victory inNovember- Within the tteitfew days I shall announce my position on all public questions, believingthat flie people have a right to knowhow the candidate stands on allquestions affecting their interests.',Mr. Rhea served a term' as StateTreasurer during the administrationof Gov. McCreary.Other Democratic candidates 'axeProf. H. H. Cherry, of BowlingGreen; Chief Justice John D. Carroll,of New Castle, and Lieut. Gov. JohnD. Black, of Barbourville. ,oDON'T DO ANYTHING UNTILYOU SEE US.Do not buy anything in theClothing lint until you get myprices.L. WOLLSTEIN,Clothing Department.tfTHE "WIND., (Contributed.)To-nigt the wind in my chimneyAnd among the barren trees.Speaks to me in a friendly wayOf the things it knows and sees.Pray tell me. Wind, when you tarriedOver cities far remote,Did you chance to hear sweet musicFrom my daughter's birdlikethroat?In your flight along bleak meadowsWhere the blue grass soon willgrow,Where youn& lambs at rest withtheirsAnd did you softly blow?You .need not seek the little childWJio has been so long away,For she is in my Father's HouseWhere I hope to dwell some day.Go wind with all your mightTo my -soldier boy across the seaAnd jtell him I, too, will do my partThat others niay be free.oeach member is permitted a guest.The'- 'Progressive Culture Club,April 10."Cantonments."Sow the Army and Navy Was FedMrs. Meng.Native Birds and Their MusicMrs. Stewart.Historic Trees Mrs. Walker.North Middletown Women's Club,April 11."The Picturesque in Music."Woodland . Music May Bells andFlowers (Mendelsshon) Ladies'Chorus.Water Music April Rain (Woodman), Away On the Hill, (Ronald)Mrs. John W. Jones.Fairy Music A Fairy Tale, (Raff),Childhood Scenes, Traumeri-Reverie,(Schuman) Miss Mary Bllet.Bird Music Bird Raptures,Schneider Mrs.-Rpbt. Jones.Lire Music Selected Mrs. TollieYoung.Millersburg Lorentietto Club, April12.Roll Call Psychological Effects ofWar.Current Events April Number.Persons in the Foreground MissClark.Music Mrs. Carlton Ball.Drama Miss Ball.,Science and Discovery Mrs. Hunter. Parliamentary Law Mrs. Martin.Hostess Miss Ball.FINANCIAL REPOR.Funds of Health & WelfareLeague ' expended '""b'y-"'Nurse . . NFunds of Bourbon County' expended1 by Nurse . .Private funds expended bynurseCash received by Nurse "to.be expended at Christmas. and influenza: epidemic: .553.8851.00481.2442.00The Silver Tea.The D. A. R. will entertainThursday afternoon, April 10, at theMasonic "Temple. History relics, asalad course, and the usual charming "hospitality of the Jemima Johnson Chapter, will be the attractivefeatures. The voluntary silver offering will supplement a fund for therebuilding of Lafayette's birthplace.This organization holds a record sec-j ond only to the Red Cross in patrioticwork." Lend your presence.oCLEANB-4 FIREInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,AgtsUP BAYS APRILAND 10TH.9THITREDESTROYS PINE HOMENEAR. LONDON, XT.The city carts will haul awaytrash, free, beginning April. 11. Bej. Jjread carts, only make on clean upcanvass 01 eacn street; aoni missIthem. .. - ,oThe b-ome of Mr. and Mrs.- Ellistearklerpad, near the college, in London! Ky., and which, was recentlypurchased by the Sue Bennett school, Iwas burned. A large number orschool boys and others were soon onthe .scene and succeeded in savingmostrof the furniture on the firstfloor, but from the bedrooms aboveonly a couple of articles were saved.The loss to the building is estimatedat between $3,500 and $4,000, andthere, was $2,500 insurance on thesame. There was no insurance onfurniture. .oFire, Wind and LightningInsurance. .Thomas, Woodford & BryanGET OUR PRICES FIRST.Do not buy anything in theClothing line until you get myprices. 'L. WOLLSTEIN,tf Clothing Department.CASH CEOW AGAIN IN THE UME-UGHT.If there's any one individual whomanages to get Into the courts of tener than your friend, Cash Crowe, itwould be hard to find him. Cash hadHobert Link, Jr., arrested on acharge of drawing a revolver on him.Link was dismissed when the casecame before Judge Batterton.$1,128.12Private . cases'- . receivingNurse's service by payment : . .$ 40.00Received by Health & Welfare League from Metropolitan Life Ins. Co.,for Nurses's service. . .'. . . 273.00REPORT OF HEALTH DEPART-MENT.,. Visits to sick (Metropolitan PolicyHolders), "54 6; visits to sick (nonMetropolitan Policy Holders), 1,554;visits for purpose investigation, business, etc., 69,3 total 2,793.Tubercular cases, (new 1918), 24;tubercular cases, (carried over), 16rlDeaths from tuberculosis, whitepatients, 5 ; deaths from tuberculosis,colored patients, 6 total 11.Typhoid cases 23, pneumoniacases 30, influenza cases 295, measlesand whooping cough 4, scarlet fever2, diphtheria 2, pellagra 1, births,nurse in attendance 13 j cases takento specialist 3, cases sent .to hospital19, operations, nurse assisting 3,"1cases sent to County Infirmary 3.Child Welfare Week was observedsecond week of June. Childrenweighed and measured, 259.Homes reported for fumigation,, 5.Homes fumigated by Nurse, 5.Patients supplied where necessaryfor their comfort, with cot, sheets,pillows, pillow cases, gowns, surgicaldressings, medication, ice, bed pan,fountain syringe, hot water bottle,clinical thermometer and bandages,invalid rings, sputum cups, truss forone child.Families-supplied withcoal, 41.Families supplied with groceries,42.Families supplied with clothing,30.Families supplied with milk, 7.Families supplied with blanket, 3.Family supplied with cot, 1.Temporary lodging providedfpr,3..Families for whom rent was" paid,2.Children supplied with glasses,. 3.Children supplied with books,shoes and clothing, 20.Children's petticoats, 4.Children's dresses, 1.Tuition paid for one girl at Midway College.Soap provided for, 12.Laundry, for families during epidemic, 8. vSchools visited, 2: - .Positions for children, 8. --- -Homes papered, 2.Penny lunch installed in 7 CitySchool by League Mrs. C. A. JVIcMillan in charge.Annual clean-up day planned forApril and advertised with usual- goodresults.Busy Bee Club has material readyfor two quilts. "'Talk given to county school teachers on Child Welfare. ITalk given to Colored MissionarySociety. jfCOMMUNITY GARDEN.Twenty-two boys began gardeningon a larger scale than previous'year.Prizes were awarded for best garden.Boy received payment for workingthe Welfare Garden "for Nurse.PROCEEDS FROM PLOT CULTIVATED. BY XEAGUE.Fresh vegetables "supplied families,10.'Fresh vegetables s6ld-"$b:6bVi-Corn, 3 .barrels. - 'Pojitdesr ''bushels' .-";Carrots, 10 'bushels"''" --W-Turnips, 10 bushels. " '. Oiiions, l" -bushels. - '. - ' V . ' "!Tomatoes canned, for -Penny; 'Lunch,23 3. cans. . .'," ,. ' ".-dommunity Christmas "observed asusual , ' "ri" '" . ;Toys, candies and-fruit6' delivered'to children, 153. - - - ' - r .. ' DONATIONS. v-: 'C&sh $631.00.' j. ' ' "-.Ice, jelly; soupv eggs, clothing ofall kinds (old and new), milk, shoes!dress; material; coats; -candy-toys- andfruit!Colored Industrial Sdcietyby; cashto H. P. Minaker, 32-.00. -CColored Industrial Society' oneday's sewing "for colored family. "Respectfully submitted,- ' ' '" ' HARRIET' P. - MINAKER;-o 'GARDEN SEED.All kinds of best garden seed forthat new spring garden.(It) ' C. P. cook:& CO.oCLEAN- UP DAYS-APRIL -9THAND 10TH. -The city carts will haul awaytrajsh free, beginning April 11. Beready carts only make one clean upcanvass of each street; don't missthem.DIVIDENDANNOUNCEMENTtUtilities Oil & Gas CompanyML flrAnnounces a three per cent; dividend payable913 vThe1 . . .13 . va . : : . . : ' . :2I. i 'ii )April 2nd to stockholders cf record March 15The management of this company's operations has been assumed by Mr.J. A., JBrierly, a well-known live wire in the oil business, arid, present and prospective stockholders may look for quick arid favorable results. With two good producing wells and two more drilling, and options on 'other production," the ' outlookf for this com'pany looks unusually promising. ;iO j.- r. .----". A limited amount of stock is offered the public, at 10 cts; per share, which;w!li be taken up rapidly.- Yq'u have allowed btfie similar '.opportunities to escapei;you. Don't let this one get away.Make checks payable to the "Company and mail your subscription to the.undersigned.i .: CTAGGARTWV' CYNThl'ANAk'i'.Asrcnt for Bourbon and. 'Harrison Counties.SSurton's1 Confectionery store -5Successor to Adami & Santi.AGENT POE M. IBOLD? MANUEL, COUNSELOR,!' AND S0NADA CIGARS"Adami's Famous Recipe for!'!! making delicious Ice. Cream,ml i Soda Water and MixedDrinks still used;Bulk Ice Cream(Made from Pure Cream)' delivered for home use.j Fancy Ices for PartiesHIGH CLASS BOXCANDIES.For the BEST, See Us,FRANK BURTONXI::iXIFt&NfS St CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSUWe Are "NowSpringEarlyShowingModelsIN.r.EVENING DRESSESDINNER DRESSESSPRING SUITSSPRING COATS.JDolmans ,CapesCrepe de Chene and Voile BlousesandSkirtsFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSVi;Because we so strongly endeavor to giveyou the most for your money we thinkwe are entitled to your considerationwhen you're out to buy clothes. Westrive hard to insure your satisfaction.If we do fall down, we'll make it right.If You'll BuyYour Clothes HereYou?lj have theSatisfaction of knowingThat You'reWell Dressed!IJ3JIUYING clothes from : concerns thatenable us to give good values is ' helping us to build up a good clothes repu-. , . . tation. Hart Schaffner &, Marx andKirschbaum Clothes are the well known makesfor' those who desire to- dress right.; '! Values,fit, style, fabricshave been given -first consideration and we are ready to 'dress ' you up."Waist' seam models are found in' every, wantedpattern and the conservative man's taste canbe suited in styles and patterns. ..,.,,$12.50: to mm-.; ( :;: -.. .. :: "':k LrHatsShirtsR WALSH'-!VlI 1One-Price StorearisKy.1;' 'iVJTN.TUESDAY, "APRIE. -8, lS19,Vi,nj,fTHE B0U1B0XrarxBTTWi'M-.xv . -7 .&v a bs a hs- a ar ri! FOR THE BEST'I NOTHING ELSEf'COTTONSEED MEAL.Swift's Digester Tankage 60Protei&j for HogsSwift's High Grade Pertilizer forTobacco.8-tf) ' CHAS. S. BRENT & BEO.I o-- rTHAT $60 BONUS.You ex-sbldiers are getting spendit on good clothes.,. We can outfityou nicely. - . . , nnJ. W. DAVIS & CO.y THE D. A. B. SILVER 'TEA.Extensive preparations .are beingmade by the members of JemimaJohnson Chapter, D. A. R., for holding their "Silver Tea" and relic display at the Masonic Temple, onThursday afternoon, April 10. Noadmission will be charged, but a free Jwill offering will be accepted.o . ,LECTURES ON "SILOS." "Prof. Karoker, of the Universityof Kentucky, Agricultural Experiment Station, at Lexington, delivereda lecture Saturday morning at theTaris High School on the subject of"Silos." All the county schoolteachers are enrolled for the course,and are manifesting great interest.oEGGS! EGGS!Call us up about your eggs beforevou sell them.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.CLEAN UP DAYS APRIL 9THAND 10TH.The, city carts will haul awaytrash free beginning April 11. Beready carts only make one clean lipcanvass of each street; don't missthem.o' AT THE GRAND AND ALAMO.To-day, Tuesday, April 8 Wallace Reid in "The Man Prom. FuneralRange;" Carol Hallo way and Antonio Moreno, in "The Iran Test;"Pathe Comedy.Wednesday, April 9 G. W. Griffith presents a wonderful Artcraftpicture "The Greatest Thing InLife;" Paramount Pictrograph andBray Comedy.V Thursday, April 10 Alice Bradyin "The Indestructible Wife;' Arbuckle Comedy, "Fatty Butts In;"International News feature.oMACHINE STRIKES CHILD.A young child of Mr. J. A. Sullivan, grocer, residing on Eighthstreet, was accidently struck "by anautomobile driven by Miss RachelWiggins. While the child was -not seriously hurt it sustained severebruises and contusions ibout thehead and body.Witnesses who saw the accidentsay the child ran directly in frontof th.e machine, and 'that the accident was clearly unavoidable. MissWiggins used every effort to , avertthe accident, but the child was tooclose to the machine to avoid beingstruck,. -o-BURPEE'S EAMOUS GARDENSEEDS AT CATALOGUEr PRICES.Let us put up your garden seedorder. We have fresn stock of Burpee's Seeds that grow and we furnish them at catalogue prices.(8-4t) ARDERY DRUG STORE:-o "GAS & ELECmiC CONSUMERSWe wisn to call to, the attention ofour customers that Thursday is the10th and the last discount day andowing to our new officer force notknowing all of our customers youwill not only save your own time,but also the time of other customersand avoid mistakes by brrnging yourwith you. PLEASE BRING THEM.C. L. STElUWiJijJKiiiiiix,(8-lt)Manager.A PLEASANT REUNION.Mr. and Airs. G. M. Wheeler, of Mt.Pleasant, Harrison county, were verymuch surprised when their childrenand grandchildren gathered at theirhome with filled baskets. Thosepresent were: Emory Wheeler, ofParis; Mr. and Mrs. T. H. Eckler andlittle niece, Christine, of Paris; A. T.Wheeler and' Pierce Johns, of Lexington; Mrs.lieona Arnold and daughter m nnd Mrs. Mart Clough andfamily. Mr. and Mrs. George Whita-,ker and family, Lewis Wheeler anaMary Humphrey, of Cynthiana. - Anelegant birthday dinner was served,it being Mr. Wheeler's eighty-thirdbirthday and Mrs. Wheeler was seventy-four.THE WEATHER.Weathc- "-eductions for the weekbeginning Monday issued- by theWeather Bureau are: 'Ohio Valley and Tennessee Rainprobably Tuesday or Wednesday,otherwise fair indicated: - Temperatures" somewhat above normal firsthalf of week, nearly .normal secondSunday was a day of delight, theweattier being all hat could be desired. The sun shone warm andbright, and a soft balmy air gave alelic6us hint of the approach of realspring.Boating and fishing parties enjoyed themselves on Stoner Creek, whileautos by the hundreds sped throughtown,, on pleasure intent, to placesof interest, outside ther city. Thestreets were full of people enjoyingthe pleasures of the day. Yesterdaywas very "warm, with, clouded skiesgiving Tiint of rain in" the' future.SQCIALUCSD-PERSONAL.Cpminrs and Goings of Our.People Here; There and' Elsewhere. -, j W. E. Hibler, of Lexington, was:a 'visitor in Paris yesterday.Dr. L. Oberdorfer has returnedfrom a business trip to Henderson.Miss Elizabeth Steele has returned from a visit to Mrs. Wm. A.Clarke, in Cincinnati.Mrs. Volney W. Ferguson anddaughter, Miss Martha Ferguson,have returned from avisit in Cincinnati-. ' - ,.TVIissJanie Marsh lias resignedher position with the Paris BookStore, and is succeeded by MissEmily Bratton." , I'v r-HIissj"How Lee Oberdorfer, Mrs.Harry Linvilie and Mrs: W. .T. Jaafferty, Jr., are visiting in "Cincinnatifor a few days.Mr. and Mrs. W. L. Davis havearrived from Columbia, South Carolina, as guests of Mrs. Davis' sister,Mrs. John T. Hinton.Mrs. R. C. Ellis, of Day tan, O.,formerly Miss Lucy Thornton, ofParis, is a guest of Mrs. Nellie S.Highland,, at the Hotel "Windsor.Chas. P. Mann, C. 3X Bell andW, H. Whitley were in Winchester,Saturday,, closing up- oil leases forthe Lee-Kent OiL Company, of Paris.. Mr. A. L. Boatright left yesterday for Danville, where he will conduct the musical program to be rendered nightly at a revival meeting inprogress at the Christian church.Mr. Gus Margolen, who has beenin Hot Springs, Arkansas, for severalweeks, will return home to-morrow.Mr. Margolen has been greatly benefitted by his stay at the Springs.Mr. Woodford Longmoof, ofFrankfort, who has been in Paris forsome time looking up back tax delinquents, has about finished his work,and will return to his home to-morrow.Mr. and Mrs. A. Stern have 'taken rooms with Mrs. Louis Mussinon, on South Main street. Theflats on Fifth street they have beenoccupying will be taken by HughCampbell.Mrs. Daisy Hill, long distanceoperator for the Cumberland Telephone Company, has been promotedto the position of Chief Operator inthe local exchange, vice Miss SallieComack, resigned.Miss Mary Ross entertained at-The Sweet Shop, Saturday afternoon,in lionor of Miss Martha Tinder,whose marriage to Mr. Robert Graham Young took place at North Middletown yesterday.Rev. Dr. T. C. Ecton, pastor ofthe Calvary Baptist Church, at Lexington, will attend the banquet to begiven by the Paris Baptist church,to-morrow night. Dr.. Ecton is onthe program for an address.Mr. Mat Hedges, a former Parisboy, has taken a position with theDavid Ades wholesale dry goodshouse in Lexington. Mr. Hedges isone of the oldest and best-known drygoods salesmen in Lexington.Squire L'.'J. Fretwell returnedSaturday night from a. winter's stayin St. Petersburg, Florida. TheSquire says it's all a mistake aboutFlorida being "dry,"' as eight inchesof rain had fallen before he left St.Petersburg.The Shelby Record says: "MissMildred Woods, who is a student atHamilton College, was a member of aSigma Chi house party in Paris lastweek. l She will return home to-dayfor the week-end, accompanied byseveral friends from Hamilton."Mr. Fred Frendburg, of Birmingham, Alabama, is a guest of friendsin Paris. Mr. Frendburg was foryears a member of the Louisville &'Nashville's civil engineering corps,with headquarters at Paris. He is receiving a warm welcome from hismany friends. here.. Mr. D. Y. L. Fariey, of thePower Grocery Co., attended .theittneral and burial of Mrs. AmericaFarley, who died in Frankfort recently, following an attack of influenza. Mrs. Farley was 'thirty-oneyears old, and was the wife,, of Mr.Curtis Farley, a member of theFrankfort Council.Mr. Edward Knapp, a formerresident of Paris, was a recent guestof his sister, Mrs. Wm. Myall, beforedeparting for his new home in Philajfoinhia. Mr. Knanp has for severalvonra hApn Auditor for the AdamsExpress Co., at Cincinnati. Sincethe government took charge of theexpress business and effected a consolidation he has been transferred toPhiladelphia. .The young men of the city andcounty will give a big Easter Danceat the Masonic Temple, in this city,on the night of Wednesday, April 1G.Music will be furnished by Williams'Quintette. The hours will be from9-00 to 2:20. The promoters areFithian Arkle and Preston Bales.Postcard invitations have been mailed to out-of-town people.Mrs. Curtis P. Smith, of .Dallas,Texas, who has been visiting, relatives in Winchester has returned toParis for a visit to her 'mother, Mrs.Wm. H. Renick, and-her sister andbrother, Mrs. Duncan Bell, and Mr. B.M Renick. Mrs. Smith and son, Mr.I Renick Smith, who has just returnedfrom eight months' service m trance,Will visit in Kentucky- for severalweeks before returning to their hornsin Dallas. ;v 'The Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra concertsvat Lexington thisafternoon and night are -the mosttalked-of distinctive events, of. thewsefr, a-nd will take i;ttjajiy. ubiciovers from Paris to Lexingtcm. Thefollowing from Paris will be patronsofthe" performances:- -Miy-and. Mrs.Edward Prichard, Mr. and Mrs.Frank P, Lowry, Mr. Charlton Clay,Dr. arf&ttfe M. H. Dailey Miss Loraine Butler, Mn Clay Sutherland,Miss Elizabeth Crutcher, Prof, andMrs. Lee Kirkpatrick. v .(Other Personals on Page 3), 6MLLEBS CBEEK COAL AT TEM,PUN LUMBER CO. YARDSWe handle the celebrated Miller'sCreek Coal. There is none better.Try aload, . , - , .FISHERMEN, BUSY.-in ' aTaking advantage '.pt the fineweather Sunday fishermen, spent agoodidky on the ponds,, and creeks in,.'the county, returning with inore or"less good or .bad luck, stories. ' THENEWS man saw' one fisherman lateSunday afternoon who had as fine astring of "newlights" as 'ever delighted ,the .-eye. of . a fisherman.There is no better fishing streamin the State than Stoner creek, andthe" devotees of angling are makingtheir! Hvork count while the weatheris good. . ' . ". '.:,.''jTTKeys Found.A, bunch .of-keys on, Lexingtonpike, near W. W. Hall's. -' Ownermay. have same .by -proving propertyand paying for this advertisement.. . ; . (8-tf)s For Rent.Nice 4-roon 'cottage on Virginiaavenue. Newly papered and varnished. Modern conveniences. CallHome Phone 299. (8rtf)Hams For SaleA few choice 2-year-old hams;also country bacon and shoulders.MRS. THOS. HENRY CLAY, JR.(8-f)For SaleTwo mare mules,years. Well brokenages 3 and 4and work finetogether. Apply toMISS LETITIA CLAY,Paris, Ky.,(8) Cumb. Phone 204.Lost Dog.Shepherd dog 5 years old, darkcolor and resembles Newfoundland,wears a Mercer County License Tag.Last seen was in or around Newtown. Suitable, reward for information leadingto recovery.ANDREW LOCKLIN,Route 6, .Lexington, Ky.(8-3tpd)OLD MAN HARRISEditor of the Kentucky Oil Journalof Louisville, has made scores of hisreaders from $100 to $800 on "insidetips" on oil and mining stocks tellswhat is good, buys, and what is badfree to his subscribers only. Sample copy free. "Map of Kentucky oilfields 16x25 inches wash drawingand -a beauty free to agents ,whqwill take subscriptions for me amongtheir friends. The- Journal -is 6pages, illustrated, now ?2 per year,soon $5. 411-12 Inter SouthernBuilding, Louisville, Ky.(8apr-tf-T)NOTICEThe city carts and wagons willbegin Friday, April 11, to removeall ashes, tin cans, and trash that areput on the streets of the city of -Parisbut will not haul any limbs of trees,or vines, garbage or slops; and ifnot on streets when the wagon is onthat said street the wagon .will notreturn again. So have it ready.E. B. JANUARY,' (8-lt) Mayor.THE FAIRNot a Minute to SpareSpring is; house cleaningstarted; and Oh! such a lotto do.Get your decorating doneand the worst part is over.You con save time, moneyand freight charges by buyingyour Wall Paper from us.If you run short you canget more on a moment's notice, and if you have any leftwe will gladly take it back.THE FAIR. :Housekeeping specials forvFriday and Saturday only, atless than regular prices;- all' plainly price marked, all laid .-out on a table for your in-spection: N ,Camphor - Balls, Garden 'Trowels, -Varnish ,Stainsr-Pain.tu and. Varnish Brushes,Garden. Hoes and Rakes, Am.-'nionia in Bottles, Cedar 'OilMops, Cotton Thread Mops,Rago Lamps," Night ;LampChimneys, WAll Paper BrusTi-,;es.'WaU Paper leaner' ClearGlass Tumblers, Pastry and,. Ironing Boards, Step Ladders,and a host of other things-at "special cut prices for Friday1 -''an'cf'Saturday only. " r" '-GOOD CHAKCE TO SAVE..J Gas Range with oven, injperfect condition slightlyused. .. ' JyTHE FAfR"" iEASTERWhen you, see the wonderful -variety ofsniart shapes and trimmings you' will be sure towant one of our new Easter Hats.: Lovely straw and rough braids .in all the "suit shades,with trimmings of ostrich, ribbon or flowers . " - ,:$5.00 to '$ 1 500 PISweaters, Underskirts, Lingerie,Millinery, Blouses.Capes-Tee Spring Wraps that have gained such popularitytricbtine and broadcloth, reasonably pricedBox Boats, Russian Bluses, semi-fitting models in the most favored, fashionable materials.These suite are well cut and well tailored and we take, pride in offering them to our customers at such low prices$25.00 to $75.00For Misses and Juniors, inde Chine and Taffeta.IIIGeorgette, Crepe de Chinei iHARRY SIMON!j'aoaiBKsTY M' jypl: MlfL&WMQi , , M itt WfMrs. HomeloVer:---Doesn't your home need some ' new Furnitureand Rugs right now? A new chair or even a newsmall rug will add to your pleasure and comfort.vWeVe got just what you want and need, andwe will take great pleasure in showing you ourreliable furniture and rugs. ' 'Gome in. Our QUALITY is-always HIGH;our PRICE is always LOW.THE d. T; HINTON GO.Automatic RefrigeratorsThese are the only refrigerators made with theWater bottle attachment. They are also, we firmly .believe, the best refrigerators made. ..,.-They Cost More Because They're Worth It!THE J,it." -EITHERPHONE 36Motor HearseiX-'if XMILLINERYand Dolmansare here$15.00 to $100.00SuitsGeorgette, CrepeSee our beautiful skirtsGeorgette and Fantasy.and Voile Blouses of superior quality and design are priced from$5.00 to $15.00224-228 West Main St., Lexington, Ky;Main Street, Paris, Ky.:N?:row ou tW ods mou oxe soMOH&sj-jL .-JfiULired o$ anft cowet us )ovNewFurnWureT, HINT0JV COfPARIS, KENTUCKY. SIXTH AND MAINMotor. Invalid Coach Undertaking""!1Jf-"?" frfcr -CASKff( rVestees, Beaded Bags, Hosiery,Handkerchiefs, Neckwear. .in all their charm Serge,jAf?VSKIRTSof Pussy Willow,iEVERYDAYWe Are ReceivingTruck Loads of,"NEWGOODSMay we not have thepleasure of showing yoisome beautiful house-furnishings?tfjn-rmm-IISi-tlIIVAT?-!ftf-IQSti.4iLor&'.f!ir --'(4apr-3t)ii nniiii miiiMir iiw.?AQESHTHE B0U1B0K HXWS,? PAEISI KENTUCKYsTUESDAY, APRIL J, 1919.tJJII, .J(No Wastingof Bar Soap!NO decidedly no, whenGRANDMA is around.No bar soap lying inwater wastinga way No chipping,slicing or shaving off more than youneed. GRANDMA is a wonderfulsoap-&nd it is Powdered. That'sthe big secret. You just measureout what you need, no more. Sprinkleit in the tub and presto just likemagic, millions of glorious, cleansingsuds in an instant. Then, the whitest,cleanest, freshest clothes that everhung on a wash line.Try this Powdered Soap Today!Grandma's Powdered SoapSaves TIME Saves WORK Saves SOAPYour Grocer Has It!W it " lk.mmm ys&SLxsB Ik TSrW&vk ll-filBlL.rfdLargerPackagesEED CROSS NURSES TO TEACHDISEASE PREVENTIONThirty Red Cross .nurses back fromthe war hospitals of Europe willteach, prevention, and control of disease from chautauqua platforms thissummer in a new and far-reachingpublic health campaign. The lectures to be delivered by the Red Crossnurses will vary somewhat with theconditions of the community, and thepersonality of the speakers, but themessage will be the same everywhere.First, there will be the plea forthe employment of a public healthnurse in every community. In communities where no organizations exist Red Cross chapters will be urgedto establish a nursing service financed by chapter funds. Elsewhere thework will be carried on in co-operationwith State Boards of Health andEducation, the State TuberculosisLeague and other State health organizations.The nurses wijl explain the importance of education in the matter off home hygiene and care of the sick' with a view to combating contagionin the home and keeping the healthof the family at the highest possiblepoint. The question "Can You Cook"will be asked of every woman, andthe Red Cross course in dieteticsDrought .to the attention of everywoman who should know the fundamentals of simple home cooking forthe sick and. the well.Nurses all over the country willbe urged to enroll with the RedCross if they have not already doneSO. - J 3H4. ..BE1BHiHUNEtThousands Have Discovered Dr.Edwards' Olive Tablets area Harmless Substitute.Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets the substitute for calomel are a mild but surelaxative, and their effect on the liver isalmost instantaneous. They are the resultof Dr. Edwards' determination rot to treatliver and bowel complaints with calomelHis efforts to banish it brought out theselittle olive-colored tablets.These pleasant little tablets do the goodthat calomel does, but have no bad aftereffects. They don't injure the teeth likestrong liquids or calomel. They take holdof thetrouble and quickly correct it Whycure the liver at the expense of the teeth?This plan was originally workedout by the Red Cross Department ofNursing, of which Miss Clara Noyesis the acting head in co-operationwith the speakers bureau under thedirection of Dr. Thomas E. Green.Dr. Green says, outlining the RedCross public health program for theNew York Times:"During the year 1918, influenzaand its consequent pneumonia killednine times as many person as werekilled among our soldiers and marines in Europe. Under present conditions probably 10 of our entirepopulation will eventually die of tuberculosis, a disease which cost theUnited States annually $1,500,000,000. Typhoid is continually epidemic somewhere and carries awaythousands of .otherwise healthy livesevery year, and typhoid is purely andsimply the result of eating and drinking dirt."Seventy-five per cent, of 800,000men rejected in the draft for phys-lical disability was the result of pre-veiiiu-uit; uisetLbtr. ui uie minion people who died in the United Stateslast year 500,000 ought to be alive today. "The difficulty has been to persuade the great masses of people thatsickness, like war and famine, is theresult of simply violation of ordinarynatural law."The American Red Cross comingout from the tremendous duties andobligations of its war service faced atonce the widespread human sufferingcaused by war. It found problems offood and reconstruction of such magnitude as must be financed by governments, No- voluntary organization could handle, their solution.No voluntary gifts could entirely provide for their elimination."In turning its thought thereforeto the particular object which, itsfuture activities shall be directed itis natural that the American RedRed Cross should face the greatfacts and problems connected withpublic health. So during the summerthirty or more returned army nursesfrom overseas, Red Cross nurses returning to duty at home, will proclaim a gospel of public health, ofsanitation, of cleanliness, of wholesomeness and happiness."oSTAGE IS SET FOEVICTORY LOANThe authorization of the VictoryLoan by Congress is the first step inthe final and greatest of the campaigns for finances to pay up the expenses incurred in winning the worldwar. For some days there was anoutward fear that there might besome hitch over the passage of thebill, but all of this was set aside onMarch 2 when the Senate, by anovewhelming vote, passed the measure. Under the provisions of the bill,according to Washington dispatches,the United States Treasury shall sell$7,000,000,000 of new short termnotes and $1,000,000 for advances bythe War Finance Corporation in extending American Foreign commerce.With the passage" of the bill byCongress the necessary machinerythroughout the United States was inaugurated to make the large loan "themost popular in the world. Previouscampaigns for bonds and notes werefor the purpose of buying munitionsand supplies. All of the machinerywas going at the highest rate of efficiency in the history of the worldwhen the Teutonic power capitulatedin a decided defeat.The present campaign -for the saleof short term notes is to bring homethe boys, and otherwise straightenout the tremendous financial responsibilities that have been incurred inwinning the war. The President andother government officials have beencalled for the funds not only to meetobligations which must be met, butalso demonstrate to the world thatuniversal democracy is as popular inpeace as it was as an object in war.Throughout the coutry those incharge of the various campaigns accept the responsibilities of popularizing the issue with the same enthusiasm as the members of the House ofRepresentatives and the Senate didin passing the measure. The issuewill be the greatest peace loan inthe history of mankind. It is a demonstration, and will be accepted assuch, of the hearty co-operation ofthe 100,000,000 American people infighting to make all countries safeplaces to live in.Of all issues authorized since theUnited States entered the war twoyears ago, the Victory Loan shouldbe the most popular. It is essentialthat citizens of every walk in lifeparticipate in it. Laborer, businessman, protessional man, house-wifeall must accept their responsibilitiesin the same spirit as does PresidentWilson and the members of CongressYOU CANT ITERANT, .DANDRUPF, AfllTrlATrrstops rcoftiHrouTt- -r vSave Your Hair! Make It Thick,Wavy, Glossy and BeautifulAt Once.Try as you will, after an application of Danderine, you can not find asingle trace of dandruff or fallinghair and your scalp will not itch, butwhat will please you most will be after a few weeks' use, when you seenew hair, fine and downy at firstyes but really new hair growingall over the scalp.A little Danderine immediatelydoubles the beauty of your hair. Nodifference how dull, faded, brittlescraggy, just moisten a cloth withDanderine and carefully draw itthrough your hair, taking one smallstrand at a time. The effect is immediate and amazing your hair willbe light, fluffy and wavy, and havean abundance; an incomparable lustre, softness and luxuriance, thebeauty and shimmer of true hairhealth.Get a small bottle of Knowlton'sDanderine from any drug store- ortoilet counter, and prove that yourhair is as soft and pretty as anythat it has been neglected or injuredby careless treatment. A small bottle will double the beauty of yourhair.(adv)oDAWN OF PEACE BRINGS ITSOWN RESPONSIBILITIES.LIKE TO BE STUNGIEnglish farmer of that time: 'T hadCalomel sometimes plays havoc with the' improved that species of my stock sogums. So do strong liquids. It is best not much as to get 5 pounds of woolWASHINGTON BRED SHEEP.As fine sheep were bred exclusivelyin England, Washington tried blooded stock. He had his troubles forhe wrote Arthur Young, the bestto take calomel, but to let Dr. Edwards'Oiive Tablets take its placeMoft headaches, "dullness" and thatlazy feeling come from constipation anda disordered liver. Take Dr. Edwards'Oiive Tablets when you feel "loggy" and"beav." Note how they "clear" cloudedbrain, and how they "perk up" the spirit&10c and 25c a box. All druggists.as the average of the fleeces of myflock and at the last shearing theydid not yield me 2 pounds. By prorducing (if I am able) good rams andgiving the necessary attention, Ihope to get them up again, for theyare with me, as you have declaredthem to be with you, that part ofmy stock in which I most delight.".Dry Cleaning and Dyeingclothing; draperies, furs, etc.Send Via Parcel PostSWISS CLEANERS AND DYERS617 FOURTH AVE. LOUISVILLE, KY.Known all over America(New York World)' The announcement by a hotel proprietor that he intends to reduce restaurant prices 20 per cent, "becausefood is cheaper" will hardly exciteexpectations of a general decrease inthe cost of hotel living. Among KewYork's many hotel keepers it is onlynatural that one should manifest aQuixotic disposition to favor his patrons.Prices are high at New York'sgreat restaurants because an increasing number of people want to paythem and stand in line for the opportunity. They are high becausethe millions of persons who come toNew York in the course of the yearwith money to spend look on a littleextortion as a part of the game andtake pride in telling the folks backhome "how much it cost."It is due to these abnormal conditions that the trend of hotel pricesis ever upward. There might be adifferent story to tell if Philadelphiaor some other city became the Meccafor the country's "spenders." Butwhile the demand exists, while everybody who has made money comes toNew York to get rid of it, 'how is itlogically to be expected that "hotelkeepers will float their good fortuneby voluntarily reducing prices? Thatwould be a sure way, in the opinionof most of them, to discourage patronage. oLtvy. of Life.A thought, good or eviij an act, Intime a habit, so runs life's law; whatyou live in your thought world, that,sooner or later, you will find objectl-nea in your lire. itaipn waiao Trine.When the armistice was signedlast November 11, the first sensationof the allied world was that of surprise. The Allies had set their teethand were preparing to go grimly on,fighting for years if need be. Thencame the German collapse, expecteddoubtless by Marshal Foch, by Generals Pershing and Haig, but with asense of surprise by the rest of theworld.Never was there a greater dawningthan the coming of that day of peaceto the world. It marked the end ofKaiserism. It was the final crashingdownfall of Kaiserdom and "Deutschtum" that had threatened the worldfor nearly fifty years. The Hohenzollerns and the Hapsburgs left theirthrones vacant. The end of an oldand evil dream had come. The hideaus contempt of a world ruled byoverlords of Postdam faded.It was the beginning of whatought to be a brighter day for alljot Europe and for the world. Onmat aay worm Democracy was givenits chance. It gave the inhabitantsof earth an outlook into a future thatshould be free of wars for generations. But the signing of the armisticewas only the first step in a mightytask of rehabilitating a shatteredworld. The Peace Congress with allits weighty deliberations is the nextstep. Even its labors cannot be finaland complete when the treaties aresigned. For the provisions that areagreed upon must be carried out. Itwill be necessary to see that theyare carried out.The German chaos must be madeorderly; Russia must be put in order;Bolshevism, a menace and a threat,must go;. the Balkans, the most dangerous spot in Europe for a generation must be made orderly and keptthat way. All this -means Americantroops in Europe for a length of timethat no man can reasonably fix. Conditions will change and our plansmust change with them. All this,too, means further American financial support of the stricken countries.And this financial aid means LibertyBond. That is one of the ways of theFfth Liberty Loan and why the Purchase of War Savings and ThriftStamps should be continued. -oHere's the big work, littlecost tractor the TitanTHE Titan 10-20 has been on the "market foryears, and has made good without reservation,10 horsepower at the draw bar 20 horsepowerat the belt.A well-balanced tractor that is suited to all farm:power work. It drives easily, affords maximum puU- ,ing power for its weight, and is suited in every way to :the general run of farm work. Not too large for thesmall farm, yet large enough to handle a great volume; of work. .Use it with an Oliver PlowWe recommend that you use an Oliver plow withyour Titan tractor because it means the best plowing,under all conditions. The combined rolling coulterand jointer buries all trash and weeds at the bottom'of the furrow; the stop"device maintains an even depthof furrow; the plow points enter and leave the groundfirst, making it possible to plow clear to the ends of thefield; and the trip rope control operates easily fromthe driver's seat on the tractor.We have a full line of Oliver plows as well as the;tVTitan tractor here at our salesroom.C. S. BALL GARAGE'A LAWYER'S DUTY.LOOK-SPRING IS HERE-SAVEBUY DIRECT FROM MANUFACTURERSMausoleums, Monuments, MarkersCUT STONE, INTEEiOR MARBLEFinished or bttalMOur WP-Htt,jrin ke m, , ,. DTOpu.pogMcr tor wilBtiiMHt ttircilnyw iritfttt, wttt Umu Phototraphs. iHHtf onder no obllMtaym tnee atttam wlU kHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHB?WHITE TODAYMmCK-mTOQHAJtD STOKM OO.LOWTILLK. XT.rmW UU fraylacJILfaM m aU if imattaa.Peter-Borghard Stone Company, IncPlaat Cvtrs CHjr l13TH-MTH ONEftaMMml IMSLOVi$Vit.LE, KY.(aar28-tf)l4fcMMUMii4j(New York Telegraph)A man was convicted of murder inthe first degree, and the newspaperssay, "the counsel for the prisoner announced that he immediately wouldappeal the case." Why appeal thecase? Lawyers need to be told whattheir duty is once in a while. In the,case mentioned a young married manwas jealous of attentions paid to ayoung woman not his wife by another man. So great was his jealousanger that he shot and killed theother. Witnesses told the plain storyof the murder to Judge and jury andthe man was convicted. He will besentenced to the death chair in a fewdays.But why his attorney appeal thecase? Does he, in his folly, imagineit to be his business to save a manfrom punishment? If he does hedoes not know why lawyers exist.The attorney's duty toward a felonwas defined by the great lawyer whodefended the slayer of McKinley. Hesaid he appeared in. court to see thatthe; rights of the prisoner were safeguarded, and that he had a fair trial.There is "nothing more, for. a lawyerto do. If a man slay another and hashis day in Court, entering thereinwith the presumption that he is innocent until his guilt is proven, he hashad all rights that he is entitled to,and lawyers waste time and bringlaw into, disrepute by their unusuallyfutile efforts to save' killers.LOUISVILLE VISITED BY DISASTROUS CONFLAGRATION.iLOUISVILLE, KY., April 4. -Thirtythousand dollars' damagewhich may be increased to five timesthat sum resulted from a spectacular blaze in the Kentucky Malt &Grain Company's malt house, or barley elevator, .on the south side ofMaple Street, between Twelfth" andThirteenth, Wednesday morning,which the Fire Department extinguished in two hours.The sixth, seventh and eight floorsand the roof of the sheet metal andframe building, were burned awayand about $15,000 worth of grain onthose floors and some $5,000 'worthof hoisting,. and drying machinerywere destroyed. The destroyed -portions of the building can be replacedfor $10,000, it was estimatedWater soaked some $120,000 worthof grain iri the floors below which theflames did not reach, and whetherly of this tft btmlriig'd. remainsto be determined. If 'the grainsprouts before used'it will be worthless.Margolen'sSanitary Meat MarrketPUREDTTERURBAN SCHEDULECARS LEAVELexington TorA. M?S 6.0 OxA. H. 7:20'A. M"v 8:50A". Ml 10:20'A. M. 11.50PwirPoP. M. 1:20P. M. 2:50P. M. 4:20P. M. 6:00P. M. 7:20P. M. 9:10P. M. 11:00A. M.r 6:4A. M. 7:15xA. M.', 8:15A.M. 9:45A.M. 11:5P. M. 1-2:45P. M. 2:15P. M.'P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.3:455:156:508:1510:05(x) Daily except Sunday.''KENTUCKY TRACTION AND TERMINAr COMPANYFrom County to County in15 Minutes ByTRACTION EXPRESSKy. Traction & TerminalCo.HOG30cPoundwtneotBrSanitary Meat Market7ressFORFor Influenza!Optfmlitlo ThoughtA true soldier loves peace but is ilways ready for war..They do say ,that .Speaker-electGillett is the most ladylike occupantof that distinguished place in the history of the republic. ;For influenza and after effecLq.use K. U. Tablets.7 "They build upyour nerves and 'stomach; rid thesystem of all aches, pains and tiredfeelings. They restore vigor andvim. They are fire for headacheand rheumatism. The -coritentstiK?U. Tablets jyeVed by all' of thVbestphysicians 'of the country.Don't be 'without1 them' in yourhojme. Once tried they r are alwaysused. They are -put up in 10c and25c '-boxes and are for sale by alldruggists and groceries. -Distributed by thei7feb-3mos)K. U. CHEMICAL CO..568 McClelland Building.OasterWe are prepared to show youthe latest inx Spring Suits,Coated CapesDresses, Blouses,Skirts, Shoes, Etc.' The largest Line ofM1LLINMRY- in the cityLexington, KyTWIN BROS,MPAETMEHT STOEE.75X-703 Main St., Paris, Ky- J t-. !&.TUESDAY, APRIL 8, 1919.THE B0TJICB01? NEWS, PARIS, KEHTUCKYPAGE srnftHOW TOMAKE '-'HAY"RAINY DAY.FOR THE11onouiaersAll BakingCaresWhen CALUMETcomes in, all bakingtroubles take quick jleave. You, go right Jahead and mix up bak-,ing materials, for biscuitscakes anything without fearof uncertainty. Calumet makesyou forget failure.CALUMETBAKING POWDERis the most popular because it docsRwemost perfect results. It has the big.cest demand because it is the most dependable. The fact that it is the biggest seller proves that it is the best.A trial will convince you that there 13none "just as good." Buy acan if you,are not satisnea tane it oacK anaget your money back.Calumet contains only such ingredients as have been approvedofficially by-the U. S. FoodAuthorities. s.Ich MTt waea yea bar it.Tel Mre wbea yes b it.HIGHESTQUALITYHIGHESTAWARDSHigher rates of wages paid duringthe war have opened to workers thechoice of various new standards ofaction they cannot all be calledstandards of "living."The near-sighted have used theirunusual wages to indulge in all sortsof extravagance which gave littlesatisfaction and. contributed nothingto permanent family stability. Wherethey are not harming themselves,they are cultivating tastes whichthey cannot hope perma-nently togratify.Others, the far-sighted ones, haveused their increase in wages to improve their comfort up to the fullefficiency point for themselves andtheir families, and are thinking carefully before they spend their surplus.Many are investing wisely inhomes or working other well-consideredinvestment purchases. 'The wisest of all are putting alarge share of their earnings intoWar Savings Stamps or savings banksto provide for necessities that mayarise, for the education of children,etc., and particularly to establisha "turn around" fund that will enable them to meet more comfortablyany changes in business or employment that may result from postarmistice conditions.Those far-sighted people have takenwar, and its unusual opportunitiesfor earning, very seriously; just asthey did not expect the war to lastalways, they have not banked on warconditions in employments enduringindefinitely. They are ready for thefuture. If wages keep .up, they arestill so much ahead of the game.LIFTOFF CORNS!Doesn't hurt a bit and costs onlya few cents1 n j svEOBEET HINTON SPEEDING ATHUSTIC WORK OVERSEAS. -Fhe ISboiest Route1 1 jMironTWENTY PER CENT. JNCRASE INDOMESTIC TELEPHONERATES.Long Day and Night.The north pole has six months dayand six months night, the sun apparently traveling in a circle around itfrom the time it appears in March until It disappears In September.' MInneboohoo.Governor Saunders of Nebraska,once spoke at Lincoln of a little settlement on a stream called WeepingWater. Lincoln chuckled : "Well, theyay that Minnehaha means laughingvater, so MInneboohoo must be Indiafor weeping water."Increase qf 20 per cent, in domestic telephone rates, effective April 1,has been announced by PostmasterBurleson.The increase was agreed upon at ameeting .of the Federal Wire Board,and was made necessary, Mr. Burleson's announcement said, to meet"increased cost of operation occasioned by wage increases now in andto be effective during the year. Mr.Burleson added that the advancewould "barely be sufficient" for thispurpose.The order affects both governmentand commercial messages, but it wasannounced that there be no increasein special press rates for newspapersor on charges for special wires leased by press associations and newspapers. Under the order, however., commercial and government leased wireswill be charged an- advance to twentyper cent, over existing rates,' whethersuch wires be furnished by a ' telegraph or a telephone system undergovernment control.0STATE TAX COMMISSIONMagic! Just drop a little Freezonethat touchy, corn, instantly itstops aching, then you lift the cornoff with the fingers. Trulyl No humbug! Try Freezone! Your druggist sellsa tiny bottle for a few cents, sufficient to rid your feet of every hardcorn, soft corn or corn between thetoes, and calluses, without one particle of pain, soreness or irritation.Freezone is the discovery of a notedCincinnati genius.0IMMORTAL ERANCE.Charmingly French are the lettersof little orphans published in theMarch Woman's Home Companion.'"Dear Generous Benefactor: Icome in the name of my mother tothank you for the interes't which youare willing to take in a poor littleorphan. I am very happy to writeyou myself to thank you for yourgenerous gift. I will apply myselfmy very best at school, where I 'goevery day. I would wish that rayregretted father would be satisfiedwith me were he still alive. I ameight years old, I expect to take myfirst communion very soon. Myteacher encourages me very muchand he says he is quite satisfied withme, although I am a little talkative.II have a little sister named Jeannewho is four and a half years old. Shegoes to a nursery. Her" mother hasto go to work. I take care of herevery day at. quarter past eleven,and on holidays I take care of herand play with her, also. We loveeach other very much. Dear benefactor, mother wants me to put ourpicture, (taken in January, 1918)into my letter. You will read in oureyes all our appreciation and thanks."Your respectful little portege,"LOUIS TIMAGENE."oIF I WERE A FARMERINBUSY SESSION.GOOD WAY TO SAVE"In times like these when economyia so essential, I know of no betterway to save than to have the entirefamily shod with Ne5lin Soles,"writes B. F.Williams, Rochester, N. Y.In his letter Mr. Williams tells ofa pair of Neslin-soled shoes which hehas worn constantly for four months."The soles still look like new,"hesays.You, too, will think there is nobetter way to save, when once youhave tried shoes with these Jongwearing, comfortable, and waterproofsoles. They come in many styles forevery member of the family. Andgood repair shops carry Neslin Solesfor re-sojing. They are made scientifically by The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co., Akron, Ohio, who alsonakeWingfoot Heelsguaranteed to outwear all other heels.fleolin SolestndaUrkBes. U.3.PaUOS.fromwith112theRecapitulation sheetscounties have been filedState Tax Commission.The assessment this year of the112 counties, before the commissionmade any increases, amounted to $1,597,222,810. The eight countiesout .had a total assessment for theprevious year of ?38, 862,154 and going on the theory that no increaseswill be made in those eight countiesthe total assessment of the yearwould be 21,636,091,964. Last yearthe total assessment of the countieswas $1,403,978,050.Those figures show that the assessment this year as made by the StateTax Commission will be. an increaseof more than $200,000,000.If I were a farmer I would keep athand a lew reliable medicines forminor ailments that are not so serious as to require the attention of aphysician, such as 'Chamberlain's.Colic and Diarrhoea Remedy forbowel complaints.Chamberlain's Liniment for sprainsand bruises and rheumatic pains.Chamberlain's Tablets for stomachtroubles, biliousness and constipation.By having these articles at hand itwould often save the trouble of a tripto town in the busiest season or inthe night, and would enable me totreat slight ailments as sodn as theyappear, and thereby avoid the moreserious diseases that so often follow.(adv-april)0TELL IT TO HIM.FugazziGraduatesAre Preparedto do work . beusinesa menwant done and obtain positions with salaries payingenough to live on. at the' verystart, while students of thelearned professions generallybegin with "nothing a year,"a "starvation period."Make your decision to-dayto give yourself the practicaltraining neccessary to business success. Write us nojv,while your mind is on thesubject, and we'll. send youour booklett ""The FugazziLeads to the Highest Positions," or phone us or comeand see us to-morrow.Day or night classes.Fugazzi Schoolof Business118 N. Tipper SI. Ky.Mrs. L. V. Joae, Principal,MARINELLOFace Powder,proucr; ihf appararrc of ai ;r.l!y beAUtiful skin and.tht- aire tin.e, protects yourcompl'-on.MARINELLO rougeis rxcellnt vhen you need alitt! color. "i&&bv ' ' - -wmvVMlwmMJl ' 74WMW1 is rxcellnt when you need a " n Mwlitt! color. s" 'ovtuBflBHRH j ki:nritfivJfi and u$ d VSNflHj b mot : than J50QBeuiyI ' ji JfTl3a.rp!M Free. -rS? - I II M. A. PATON.Bay Window Lenses.Toric Lenses are curved lenses,which have many advantages overthe old flat styles.Toric Lenses combine efficiencyand beauty.Toric Lenses widen the angle ofvision and are more becoming.Why not have your old correctionground Into, the new Toric "style?Out prompt and efficient service costyou no more than service less good.JDr. Wm. Riley FranklinProbably you are worrying aboutjust what excuse you are going tooffer the Victory Liberty Loan salesman this campaign .,'in refusing togive him your subscription. v Maybeyou have several excuses, but simplycannot make up your mind which,ofthem is the best.Don't let it worry you for an instant. The country is full of soldiers justback from the front. Tnousanas 01them are coming back every week.Some of them are pretty well shotup, suffering from shell shock, weaKlunged from having been gassed,still'' shaky from trench fever, orminus an arm or a leg or an eye.They know what this war gamewas. They saw something of whatthe Hun. did for France and Belgium.Thav hnvp snmethine of an ideawhat he would have tried to do forAmerica had he ever .got over here.And they would like to know,doubtless, just why any loyal American will refuse to subscribe to theVictory Liberty Loan, knowing thatthe American soldier wrote the deathwarrant for Prussianism and how hefared in doing it.' This armless, or legless, or sightless, or lungless, or nerveless returned Yank will be glad to listen toyour excuse.Hunt him up and tell it to him.Try all of them on him.If you can convince him youshould have no trouble with thesalesman. . ,A.nd if you escape witn a wnuieskin you'll subscribe to the. loan.Believe me, boy, you'll suoscriDe.o -Pun! fr the Jury.Here Is a summing up which is hardto beat for succinctness: "Gentlemen of the Jury: In this case thecounsel on both sides are unintelligible, the witnesses incredible, and theplaintiffs and defendants are hojh suchbad characters that to mejt Is a'matterof Indifference how you give your verdict."In a highly interesting articlefrom London, England, Mr. Wm. T.Whittemore, special correspondent inthe Y. M. C. A. work, tells of thesuccess attained by a former Parisboy, Mr. Robert T. Hinton, in directing and stimulating athleticwork among the soldiers overseas.Whittemore says, in part:"More and more the athletic workof the American Y. M. C. A. for theAmerican soldiers and sailors in theUnited Kingdom is taking on theaspect of that for a leave aera, whichthe British Isles practically now areand nothing more. This does notmean that athletic work will not continue to be a very important part ofthe Y's activities here, but it will bedifferent in manner and method thanheretofore, which in turn was quitedifferent in manner and method thanheretofore, which in turn was quitedifferent from the same departmentof work of the Y in France. Therehas been more calls for the competitive and spectacular side of athleticswhich are so generally associatedwith the work of the Y athletic directors with the army. The mannerin which this athletic work has been'put over' here hastoeen highly satisfactory to the enlisted men andofficers."This success has been due not onlyto a well conceived plan of activities,but to a splendid personnel of athletic directors who put the plan intoexecution. No individual is entitledto more credit in carrying out hispart of the plan than Robt. T. Hinton, of Georgetown College, Georgetown, Ky., who has been stationedin the Southampton area, one of thelargest and most important areasinto which the American Y in the U.K. is divided. This area was one ofthe largest both in point of territorycovered and in the number of troopsstationed here, containing as it didbig rest camps, aviation camps, hospitals and -naval stations. Mr. Hinton entered upon his duties as anoverseas war work athletic directorwell qualified by his own active participation in athletics at Yale andGeorgetown. For three years he hadbeen a member of the Yale trackteam, and for four years a memberof the gym team, winning the intercollegiate all around gymnasticchampionship in 1902. He had beenprofessor of biology and director ofathletics at Georgetown College for12 years, coaching at football, basketball, baseball and track."The fighting men , among whomMr. Hinton operated were not long indiscovering that they had a man. whoknew the game telling them about it,and from the start the boys werewith him heart and soul, making possible the remarkable, athletic achievements which he accomplished in avery short time. Just as an exampleof how fast 'Bob Hinton works, take,one of his recent feats. Just at present Eastleigh near Southampton has'about 5,000 American sailors awaiting" the arrival of German shipswhich they are to man and take tothe States. It is the biggest stationof any kind of American force in theBritish Isles to-day. Hinton was assigned to this station on January 24,when it had just begun to settledown to something like a permanentnaval station or some proportion.Five days later he staged a footballgame between the teams representing the U. S. S. Nopatin and the TJ.S. S. Yale, troop transport vesselsoperating across the English Chanel.The game was staged for the benefitof the Southampton War MemorialFund and something like $250 wasrealized. Commodore Bartlett, U. SNayy, the Mayor of Southampton, aldermen of the city, uoionei swaim,United States consul; ladies of theSouthampton Welcome Committee,the United States "naval band atEastleigh, and other Americans andBritishers of note united in makingthe event an international festival."Present indications are that 'BobHinton's work will be with his 'gobs',at Eastleigh for something, but onenever knows these days and there isgreat demand for the Y ahletic directors who have made good in the U.K. to go on to France and the Rhine-land with the army of occupation, soone of these fine days 'Bob may gethis order to advance.": OAll long distance messages forMaysville VanceburgOemingsburg Brooksvilleand way stations locatedbe routed overwithin the Maysville District, shouldHome Long Distancefor the reason that this is the shortest and most direct route forestablishing toll connection with these points.Paris Home Telephone TelegrahCompany(Incorporated),ipf GJ.J. J. .VEATCH.uismcL managerW. H. CAmroH.Local ManagerS trm . a a ::V:W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 2$9Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.1s1A MAN AND HIS WIFEmay both derive satisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Theco3t is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, in" conjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings U3.LEVY, THE DRYCumberland Phone 40CLEANERHome Phone 169KSBourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4" "" r j3West Fifh StreetSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improvements in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we areprepared to do work inferior to none, and solicityour patronage.1XIXIXIXIXIXIXIXIXIXIThe Bourbon Laundry jParis, Kentucky gX wArt t'l '- X s X 14 1 M lmZ X US X BHs: l "lProfessional Cards.MAMMA! DON'T YOU" SEE YOUR CHILD ISSICK, CONSTIPATEDDR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Note and ThroatBOOMS 403-404mST NATL BANK BUILDINGPHONE 136LookAt Tongue! Move PoisonsFrom Liver and Bowelsat Once. iNtxt."It may seem a little strange saidthft "fnrAtlons feller, "but Ice is a lotsmoother before It is' shaved."The Missouri' Legislature,, doesn'tseem tovU have "been exactly carriedMother! Your child isn't naturallycross a-nd peevish. See if tongue iscoated; this is a sure sign its littlestomach, liver and bowels need acleansing at once.When listless, pale, feverish, full.of cold, breath bad, throat sore,doesn't eat, sleep or act naturally,has stomach-ache, diarrhoea, remember, a gentle liver and bowel cleansing should always be the first treatment given.Nothing equals "California Syrupof Figs" for children's ills; gire ateaspoonful, and in a few hours allthe foul waste, sour bile and fermenting food which is clogged in thebowels passes out of the system, andyou have a well and playful childagain". All children love this harmless, delicious "fruit laxative," andit never fails to effect a good "inside" cleansing. Directions for babies children of all ages and grownups are plainly printed on the bottle.Keep it handy in your home. Alittle given to-day saves a sick childto-morrow, but thethe genuine. Askyour druggist for a bottle of "California Syrup of Pigs,'" then look andsee that it Is made by the "CaliforniaFig. Syrup Company."(adv)oK-n exhibition ndf sale of deerhides from tbeicmoumtains of Califor-WM, GRAN NANAttorney-at-LawBOOHS 401-403HEST KAT'I BABK BUHDIHGbrighter;EVENINGS,rPZ MmmSm .W TJA jLflvAetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFireTheftCollisionProperty DamageliabilityAnd Other.Casualties .Nothing adds to the .pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.9seOlectricjtyfor EidDtingIt's the only satisfactory way.use 7asformating an&gookingIt's the only sensible plan.Let Ut Fix Yta Up- For the Ust tf Btth"Electricity and Gas.Suite 205-$ First National, B, ay 'by the '"eloquence"- 6'''Jim4,nlatedVoOJd;'8unl for the COalBoth Mrimeyp ' Paris, Ky. Reed.-v. r f " , nga Ilcf Cross chapter's shop.A tA.J. FEEAQKNTParis Gas & Electric Ce.(ImcorBMaM)BAXBOtPfofFxtmyt ami Gult'fAttNriitmtgHOT JUre 0013 JA11 .i!mm,f vVV..?r- t,'.1:Si. .-g-1. -- . ... . . , " ik V. ,w"" MOT EIGHT'F . sag"TKBOofirEvsrs;, pabis, gEHTuegg,TUESDAY, APRIL 8f 1919.WMMMWifPWWH, 1uTHE : PARIS- GRAND AND " ALAMO fSts20c-10c, TODAY, TUESDAYWallace Re idTO-MORROW, WEDNESDAYTHURSDAY APRIL 10thVPRESENTS;vjh t;JAliceBradyIN' :--KA'tThe Man From Funeral Range'' ' it looks mighty bad for Wallace Re'id in this picture. fugitive of the Jaw,- and innocent-at that but it's noiise-for an innocent man to arenie with the electric chair."The only safe way is flight and1 l t "I l- - - 'wouiQ you ao unaer xne circumstances 1Carol Holioway and Antonio Moreno in"THE IRON TEST"And Pathe ComedyMILLERSBURGV !( . Union prayer meeting- Wednes-1day at Christian churcn. ,'" 'Mr. and Mrs. JByless DeBelltte're at Ewingr," Sunday.A nice line of candies at Caldweil's. ' (It), " The census for church membership is now being taken.Dried beansi at 10c and 12 y2cat Caldwell's." Mr. M. E. Pruett was in Stanford a few days on 'business lastweek.See the nice line of coffees atCaldwell's from 25c up. (It), Mrs. Katherine Carpenter, ofLexington, is the guest of Mrs. C. B.Smith.. Mrs. J. H. Miller left Thursdayto join- her husband in their newhome in Oklahoma.Onion sets at 35 cents and 50cents, at Caldwell's.A nice line of canned apples, six-foV-a dollar, at Caldwell's.,. Now is the time to purchaseyour garden seed. Peas and beans in'many varieties, for twenty cents per. -j?int, at Caldwell's.seed potatoes for $2.00 and?2.25 per bushel a.t Caldwell's. (It)The Jewish drive is on here andMillersburg will go over the top inthis,, as she has in everything else.A still-born child to Mr. andMrs. F. C. Caldwell, Saturday afternoon. The -infant was interred in" the Millersburg Cemetery, Sunday afternoon. Mrs. Caldwell is doingnicely. They have the sympathy ofthe entire community in this theirfirst sad loss.See our nice line of TaggartTags, the ideal home cracker, only25 cents per box.(ft) R. M. CALDWELL:- -Several from Millersburg attended the funeral of Mr. J. H.Campbell, at Lexington, Saturday afternoon. Mr. Campbell and familyformerly resided here, and wereamong our best-citizens. At the timeof his death he was a member ofAmity Lodge, No4o', F. '& A. M.-i For your evening lunch we canprovide you with "Vienna sausage,sliced, beef, bologna sausage, cheese,v crackers, pickles and nice line of as-sorted cakes, cheaper than -you canbuy" them elsewhere.(1) R. M. CALDWELL.The-, opera house was well filledwith, enthusiastic citizens at the educational mieeting Thursday evening.AddreBses.were delivered by Mr, O..E.Hurst, of Millersburg,' Profs. Chatamand Button, of Lexington, and MissJessie Yancey, Of Maysville. CountySuperintendent Caywood was alsopresent. We will have the new grad' ed school with all the equipmentand, conveniences necessary to convduct a. school of the kind of to-day.A committee from here met with theConatyBoard at Paris Monday atrernpon.. Everyone is enthusiastic andwilling to do what we can to promotethe cause.-NOTICE Dr. D. C. Patterson,of Cynthiana, has arranged to be atMrs. Rigdon's boarding house inMillersburg, Wednesday and Thursday of each week for the convenienceof his patients, ' (8-tf)o"TJJEERS" WILLIAMS WILL COMEBACK AGAIN.Some days ago Patrolman. GeorgeWj. Judy arrested. George "Taters"Williams, well-known in police, circles, charged with "bootlegging.'-'yiUiams, at' the time of his arrest,hJx on hi nrson. in sundry anddivers places contraband to the, extent of thirteen half-pints and oneVuart of whisky. In an. unguarded-moment George took 'advantage ofanTppportunity, -jumped from the'interurban car .on which we.was proceeding to the'bastile, and. made hisescape.Yesterday patrolman Judy learnedthat' George had been seen in Win, Chester by-Bourhon, .county peoplewho v recognized .him. The finchestar police were communicated withby long distance phone message, andjiven a description of the fugitive.He "was placed under arrest and Jsbeing held for Patrolman Judy, whowijl go to "Winchester Jo-day and return him to this city.. -o&MATRIMONIAL.. 'bounty Clerk Pearce Paton, Saturday, issued a marriage license toMr. .Robt.. Graham Young, son of Mr.a,nl Mrs. J. W. Young, and TtfissMartha JTfi&rdatlghter of Rev. andMrs. F. M. Tinder, all of North Mid-jtletOTn.jjvindication later.' WhatJ. ODEATHS. .JOHNSON.The funeral of Miss AbbieJohnson, a former resident' of Paris,who died at her home in Lexington,last week, after a short, illness, wasconducted at the residence ofx hernephew, Mr. George A. Bain, in Lexington, by Rev. I. J. Spencer. Theburial followed in the LexingtonCemetery.Miss Johnson was a native ofBourbon county, and was a daughterof the late Mr. John Johnson, one ofthe pioneer residents of the county.She was a sister of Miss Lena Johnson, of Paris, who is very ill of pneumonia. She was also a sister of thelate Mrs. Jeptha Butler, of Paris, andMrs. George W. Bain, of Lexington.BARNETT.The funeral' of Mr. Charles Barnett, formerly of Paris, whose sudden death at hih home near Taylorsville, in Spencer county, was told inTHE NEWS, was held in the ParisCemetery, Friday afternoon at threeo'clock. Services were conducted atthe graveside by Rev. W. E. Ellis,pastor of the Paris Christian church.Among those who attended thefuneral were the following fromTalyorsville and Spencer county:James Gray, Herbert Howerton,Wiley Rogers, John Thomas, EnochDowns and James Peed.A singular fatality seems to followthe family of Mrs. Barnett, threedeaths having occurred under unusual circumstances within a year.Last April, Mrs. Barnett's son-in-law,Mr. B. A. Frank, of Paris, diedvery suddenly at his home; a fewweeks ago her daughter, Mrs.' B. A.Frank, of Paris, was' fatally burnedwhen her clothing caught fire froman open grate at her mother's home,and very recently her husband diedsuddenly at the family home nearTaylorsville.CAMPBELL.The funeral of Mr. Jacob H.Campbell, aged seventy-three, a former resident of the county, who diedsuddenly at his howie in Lexington,last week, was held Sunday afternoon, with services conducted at thegrave in the Lexington Cemetery byRev. F. T. Mclntyre. The committalservice was conducted by the Lexing-ton Masonic LodgeMr. Campbell was a -U. S. Government buliding inspector, and formerly resided on the Bethlehem pike,near Paris. After disposing of hisproperty there he moved: to Norfolk,Va., where he resided until a fewmonths ago. Before coming to ParisMr. Campbell, with his family, resided at Millersburg. He was a member of the Paris Methodist church, inwhich he retairfed his membership tothe time ofhls death.Mr. Campbell is survived by hisTrrA 1.frn nilio TTnll PjrmnhAll nowresiding in Lexington; three sons;,ti -. 11- r rt.ii0io. -or wCampbell; o Maaison Ind.;' Capt!Hugh Campbell, with the Powerif B.T : ov,lirocery KjV., ui ra.ua, cj.uu. vmc ucvufc,"-?iiL t v. r nf TvmNrton.0NOTES FROM! THE HAUNTS OFTHE GOAT.Many members of Bourbon LodgeI. O. 0. F., will, attend the one hundredth anniversary celebration ofOdd Fellowship, to be held in Cincinnati, on Saturday, April 26."At a recent meeting" of ImperialEncampment I. O. O. F., the following delegates were elected to attend'the meeting of the Grand Encampment, which is to be held in Providence, Ky., on May 21: Fatriarcnst. M Vanhook and- James T. Hill.Mr. Hill was also renominated forDistrict Deputy.Rathbone Lodge No. 12, Knightsof Pythias, at a recent meeting, conferred the Knight -Rank on E. T.Rule, Morris Stern, C. B. Dickerson,Robert Watson, Rheda. Stanhope andFred Fish Several applicationswere reported for membership. Thedrive for membership, Jwhich was inaugurated some time ago, is progressing very favorably. '. aBUSINESS' T0RTION OF BIG OIL. CITT BURNED.Fire which originated in the rearof a restaurant in the heart of Ranger, Texas, Sunday night, destroyedpractically all of the business sectionof the town. It is estimated that theproperty loss will reach ? 10,0 0,0 00.One unidentified man WP3 killedand several persons injure!.Ranger,. which is an oil town, iswithout water and has no fire fighting equipment.Ranger is the present residence ot.Mr. George Keller, son of "Dr. A. H."Keller, of Paris, who recently madea big oil strike in the oil region nearRanger.An Art craft Picture. Personally Directed by D. W. Griffith."-. j- . . : ' -t- ": " ;;'If you had' just ofte wish, what would you ask-for ifthe gods decreedthat the one thing you wanted you could have?- -YoVd- want, the greatestthing in life, wouldn't you?-. Well, what is the greatest thing in life? 'D. W. Griffith has the answer for you in his latest productionLillian Gish and Robert Harron are in it and the great creator of "The"Birth of a Nation," "Intolerance," "Hearts of the World" and "The vGreat Love" with his "magic has woven around them a motion picturestory that takes its fit place among the -photoplay masterpiece! that willlive forever. " """-- .Paramount Pictograph and Bray. Comedy. RELIGIOUS.3 Dr. E. B. Hatcher, .one of the,best known lecturers in the country,will, lecture in-,ihe Baptist churchThursday teyn$ng. His subject willbe "A Trip From Worryville toHappyville.'.' .'Therewill be no admission charged, but 'a. free will offering will be 'taken. The public is cordially invited to;attend.The Kentucky. Baptist YoungPeople's Union1 will hold its annualconvention at, the First Baptistf church, in Lexington, Thursday, Friday, Saturday and SUnday, of -thisweek. About 500 delegates are "expected one church in " Owensborohas reported forty-nine comingandone in- Louisville will '' send thirtynine. There ar"0" about three hundredmembers in Lexington.' "'Special evangelistic services' willbegin at the Baptist church April21, to continue for two weeks ormore. Dr. B. ,:B. Bajley, of Maysville, Ky., will speak twice daily at3 o'clock in the afternoon; and-7:30at night. Dr. Bailey is a splendidspeaker with unusual gifts, and aconsecrated pastor. Much interest fsaroused in the church as theyawait his coming. All about us thereare people with their heart-hungeTsand their longings for the eternalthings. Through the days of thesespecial services the simple gospelmessage of God's, love and a DivineSaviour will be "earnestly declared tothe people, with a definite appeal tothem to accept "Jesus. fChrist , as apersonal Saviour. You are, asked topray for these services. u' "nPerhaps all precedents were broken in receiving of members 'into-anEpworth League' Chapter ' when '150applicants were formally recognizedas members of the Somerset EpworthLeague Chapter. In January-, Mr.Dennis V. Snapp, of Paris, Presidentof the Kentucky Conference EpworthLeague, organized the Chapter -withan enrollment of 20. "Mr. Snappagain visited the Chapter March 30and addressed the Chapter, and. over100 were -in attendance. He -wasvery much gratfled to learn that over150 had signified their intention ofbecoming members and he was askedto return to Somerset, Sunday, April6, and deliver an address to the. newmembers and to assist in formally receiving them into the League. Thisis probably the largest EpworthLeague Chapter in tiia KentuckyConference in point of membership.The service was a very impressiveone and the main audit6rium of thechurch was filled with those, whowere interested in the young people'swork Somerset 'was the first townMr. Snapp visited when' he entered xupon his new work as Field Secretary jof the Sunday School. . One of tnelavmen of the Somerset Methodistchurch remarked to Mr; Snapp awas leaving::- "You will perhap:Snapp as hes re-'membeV the. first church you visitedto entering upon your new duties andthfr ereat success you had m that- - - -,,'-. .- . jchurch. Your work here is going tomean a great deal to us.BAPTIST BANQUET. ;All arrangements have been completed for the big fellowship meetingand banquet to be held at the ParisBaptist Church, Wednesday eveningat T o'clock.AH Baptists and their families areinvited and xwgea 10 De present,. eventhough they have not received awritten invitation, as our church directory' is incomplete and some maybe unintentionally omitted. -NEW AUTO OWNERS.VThe Paris Garage sold a -LibertySix car last ' week to Mr. Rl. S.Swancro of ,ihe "Louisville & Nash-1ville. , i "The Oakland Motor gales"Ot. hassold and delivered cars to the following Paris people: W. H. Whaley,roadster; J. J.v Prather and .RussellFaulkner, touring cars'.The Kittrell & Calldway. Co., ' otLexington, report the, sale of a .fivepassenger Woodward car to .CharlesH. Penn, of near Paris.The Lexington Cadillac Co. reportsthe sale of an eight-cylinder Cadillacvictoria to Mr. Bv -M Renick,- ofParis, and an eight-cylinder Cadillacroadfatr 'to Mr. Douglas Clay, ofParis.o 1SATURDAY BHTDAYflN BUSINESScircles;Saturday was onepf the -bestbusiness daysMn many inqhths, acording to Ideal mcrchatfts. -One1 of Jth'emV who is a faithful and' consistentradvertiser in THE NEWS, slatedvr- -.mMUmMMMMmmmmmmmmmLexington I Opera House, , Tuesday,CincinnatiMail Orders Reserved in OrderBen Ali Theatre.Matinee 55ctb$1.5 Night 85ctd$2.75ANNA CHANDLER GOFF, Local ManagerLEXINGTON COLLEGE OF MUSICUWMwrmtiithat he could hardly handle- histrade,, and that the clerks irc hsstore were busy all day.In the afternoon, especially, thevolume of business done was unusually heavy.' Automobiles lined' bothsides of the court house square;- andwere packed up and down both' sidesof Main streets Paris still retainsthe reputation of being one. of thebest business- towns in' Central Kenrtucky. " , ' -?Spring00 sj &k!!kdfk&'Never in all our history have we been able tooffer such beautiful styles, so Varied an assort'IT7itV 'IK Vz'''1T&?c-taEVERY DOLLAR DOES DOUBLE DUTY!Paris' Greatest-Shoe9..4 , ..-"TBe MestrucHble Wife"Is your wife outpacing you? Do you want to knowtfhow to. keepr up with. Her? See. "The Indestructiblew:.p it " t 4.'Wife.Arbuckle Comedy, "Fatty Butts In'k and International News.EXTRORDINARY ENGAGEMENTSymphOrchestraEUGENE YSAYE, ConductorCOMPLETE ORCHESTRA, 90 MENMATINEE AND J4IGHTReceived. Seat Sale OpenswwiwiWAiyFiwf7gwBIRTHS.In North Middletown, to thewife of Mr. (X W Murphy, a son,weight eight pounds. Christened Oliver Wendell Murphy, Jr.FootwearGreatAbundancementat prices so far belowtheir regular value. Ifyou would be correctlyshod this Spring, andat a big saving, thendont fail to come heretomorrow.SPECIALLadi Patent Kid Oxfords, Louis heel, $6 val. at$3.95)DAN COHENStoreINApril 8tht D354 a v?4-. i- - -Friday, March 28th,M iVf WJ WHISTOCK, CROP, EC.During the month of March, Mrs"Alfred' Batterton, of Bourbon county,sold $75 worth of eggs, the fainilyused thirty dozen, and Mr,s. Batterton set sixteen hens.vcra&fiiW'leah' - !ff- pr AM..at the PX Wgffii'-'-y -f-&' Sj-- .-- 4Where Beauty and Ecojiomyjjignit