-'"- "i-&-r'-. r---THEi"NEWS:-4. J-,J5iSEFi-gkjs- .rirSf! -V--.PUBLISHED JEVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.5S3&.-ufe.VOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1919BOURBONTOTED SOLDIER TO LECTURE AT-l HIGH SCHOOL.Capt, Elhi Kitab (Capt. Osborne)one of the most noted soldiers of thegreat war, will lecture in the auditorium of the Paris High School nextFriday evening, at eight o'clock, taking for his subject, "The Seige ofKut-el-Amarga," and "The Taking ofJerusalem." The proceeds of thelecture will be given for the benefitof the High School Library. The ad-"mission has been placed at twentynve cents and thirty-five cents.Capt. Osborne was born in Simla,India, in the fall of 1891. His father, Major Osborne, was a memberof the late Irord Kitchener's staff InAugust, 1914, he left his home to volunteer as an officer of the East Indiaarmy. He was accepted and three-months later was found in the frontline of Gen. Townsend's battle frontin Mesopotamia.He remained there until the surrender of "Kut," which has beenmade famous by the small alliedforce, which was compelled to surrender, they being without food and munitions. At that time Capt. Osbornewas with the reserve forces. Afterrecovering from a severe wound, hevolunteered for the Palestine Campaign. He was finally invalided homewith fever, only to find the onlymember of his family, his father, haddied.All of his extensive property inIndia has been turned ov5r to missions for their temporary use.oAT THE PARIS GRAND AND THEALAMO THEATRE.To-day, Tuesday, Oct. 7 AnitaStewart, in "The Wreck;" AntonioMoreno and Carol Holloway, in"Perils of Thunder Mountain;"Harold Lloyd Comedy, "Watch YourChange."To-morrow, Wednesday, Oct. 8Wm. S. Hart, in "Wagon Tracks;"Larry Seamon, in "Between TheActs;" "Bray Pictograph.Thursday, Oct. 9 Bert Lyall, in"Faith;" Vod-A-Vil Movies.oRAINS RELIEVE DROUTHHeavy rains fell throughout this-section Saturday, Sunday and yesterday, relieving the drouth that hasprevailed for several weeks and refreshing the withered vegetation.The rains will be of great benefit tothe farmers. What is badly neededyet is a long period of rain sufficientto raise the water in the creeks andsmall streams throughout the county, and to wash out the accumulation of debris and stagnated water.FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERS"' FALL -SHOWING0FCOATSSUITSDRESSES-fI-5r-SKIRTSWAISTS?FRANKLADIES' OUTFITTERSAutomobileMAY HAVE NEW BRIDGE OVERSTONER CREEK .Under the provisions of the specialroad tax voted at-the recent roadelection held in this county the fundmay be used for the purpose of building new bridges on the turnpikes inthe county. It was reported Saturday that the advisory board to theFiscal Court, have been convinced of ithe necessity of replacing the oldwooden bridge spanning StonerCreek, at the foot of Main street, inthis city, with a modern steel andconcrete structure.Three years ago Mr. Charles D.Snead, of Frankfort, State Inspectorof Bridges, inspected the old bridge,and while he made no recommendations as to the condition of thebridge, strongly advised, the membersof the Fiscal Court that a modernbridge should be built. The presentstructure has been in use for abouteighty years. If a new bridge isbuilt it will be greatly widened anda footway for passengers provided.NORTH MDDLETOWN TENDERSSOLDIERS BANaiJETNearly four hundred people werepresent at the banquet tendered thecommunity soldiers and sailors bythe ladies of the North MiddletownChristian church. About thirty-fiveex-service men were in attendanceat the banquet. The guests were entertained with solos by Mr. A. L.Boatright, of Paris, and selections bythe choir of the church. The pastor,Hev. Frank M. Tinder, made a shortaddress, and introduced Rev. C. W.Cauble, the principal speaker of theevening. Just before the close theservice flag was lowered by twoyoung men. A number of old soldiers were present, among them L.D. Young, Jas. N. Stone, 'Wm. Morgan and Andrew Montague.The banquet menu comprised alarge variety of good things to eat,in the making of -which the NorthMiddletown ladies have no equal.oGO TO EUROPE TO INSPECT SOLDIERS GRAVES.Mr. 'and Mrs. G. Lee Wainscott, ofWinchester, left Friday for NewYork and will sail on the Laplandfor France, going thence to GeneralAllen's headquarters in Germany.They will make official inspection ofthe graves of American dead. Mr.Wainscott has received many lettersasking him to inspect individualgraves. He will endeavor to complywith the requests.3t.-'&Delivery" 23&2?,0s?'?'CO.POLITICAL SPEAKING AT COURTHOUSE YESTERDAY.From a stand at the head of thecourt house steps in this city yesterday afternoon, Hon. J. CampbellCantrill, Representative in" Congressfrom this district, addressed, a crowdof about one thousand people, in theinterest of the Democratic condidatesfor State offices in the coming election in November. Mr. Cantrill Tvasintroduced to the crowd by JudgeDenis Dundon. There had been amix-up in regard to the place ofspeaking, and the Democratic campaign managers, learning that, theRepublicans had secured -the CircuitCourt room some time ago, courteously gave way for them, and heldthe meeting in open air. A joint debate had been expected between Mr.Cantrill and the Republican speaker,Dr. Ben Bruner, but the Republicansdeclined to accept the issue.Mr. Cantrill opened his speech bystating that while the Republicanswere confined within four walls ofthe court house the Democrats wereout in the open," and that afterthe November election the Republicans would be confined where theyought to be. He paid an eloquenttribute to President Woodrow Wilson and his administration, and called him the greatest American sincethe days of Washington. He urgedupon his hearers the importance ofevery patriotic citizen, be he Democrat, Republican, or Independent,voting the Democratic t!cket fromtop to bottom. He paid a high com-1pliment to all the Democratic candidates for State offices, and to Mr.James H. Thompson, the Democraticcandidate for Representative fromBourbon county, and urged all Democrats, Republicans and Indepnedentsto vote for him.Mr. Cantrill stated that Mr. Edward Morrow, the Republican candidate for Governor, while DistrictAttorney six years ago, arrested, andconvicted five farmers from Grantcounty on trumped-up charges of violating the Sherman anti-trust law,and that they were afterward pardoned by President Taft at the instance of he (Cantrill) and SenatorBradley, and that Mr. Morrow hadmade no effort to break up the Tobacco Trust. He took up the pardonrecords of the Republican and Democratic Governors and" showed thatthe Republicans had issued morepardons by two to one than had theDemocrats. In the further course ofhis address Mr. Cantrill defended theDemocratic administration, and exposed all the follies and the fallaciesof the Republican campaign.While the Democratic- speakingwas in nroerress the Circuit Court'sroom was comfortably filled with anaudience that listened to Dr. BenBruner, of Louisville, expound theRepublican campaign doctrine, whichhe did in his usual style. Dr. Bruner was given an earnest hearingand an enthusiastic repetition. Hewas introduced to his audience byMr. N. A. Moore, Republican candidate for Representative from Bourbon county, and spoke for about twohours on the issues involved in thecampaign for the State offices.N.A. MOORE WITHDRAWSCANDIDATE FOR REPRESENTATIVE ASMr. N. A. Moore, Republican candidate and nominee for. Representative, from Bourbon county, yesterday announced his withdrawal fromthe race in the interest of harmony,and in order to further the interestsof Mr. Edward Morrow, in his racefor Governor, and the Republican interests generally.He believed that his candidaeywould injure the chances of the partyin the county, and he deemed it advisable to withdraw his candidacy..Mr. Moore desires to thank hisfriends and supporters for their goodwords and work in his behalf and toexpress his sense of personal obligation to them.REGISTER TUESDAY, OCT. 7.Democrats are hereby-remindedthat to-day, Tuesday, October 7, isregistration day. The voting boothswill be open for registration between the hours of 6 a. m. and 9 p.m. Unless you register to-day youcannot vote m the November election, nor any other election heldduring the next twelve months.W. G. McCLINTOCK,.Chairman Democratic CampaignCommittee.. LODGE NOTES.Two new members, Mr. HoraceNelson "and his sister, Miss MelissaNelson, weie initiated at the recentmeeting of the .Rebekah Lodge.Meetings are held on the second andfourth Thursday nights in eachmonth. iRathbone Lodge K. of P., conferred the First Rank degree on several candidates at their recent meeting. The Pythian Sisters are now occupying their newly furnished roomsin the Wilson building. Several candidates were initiated at a recentmeeting, and a class, will be taken inat the next meeting.GOOD SALE OF BANK STOCKAt the ourt house door in Parisyesterday morning Auctioneer M. F.Kenneysold one and one-half sharesof ttie capital stock of the First National Bank, "of Paris, for W., W.Scott, administrator of ChristinaSparks, toTStanley Crim, for $275.50.per snare. -'THE LOUISVILLE POST OUT FORGOVERNOR BLACK. 'The Louisville Post, which warmly supported Judge John D. Carrollfor the Democratic nomination forGovernor, comes out the past weekfor Governor Black in an editorial inwhich it quotes a strong editorialendorsement of the Governor byHarry A. Sommers, editor of the Elizabeth News, one of the high-classweekly newspapers of the MiddleWest. The Post points the useless.ness of electing a Republican Governor, when the Senate and House arecertain to be Democratic and showshow Morrow could do nothing except with the help of a DemocraticAssembly if by any misfortune heshould be elected Governor of Kentucky. The editorial in the Post under the caption "The State Election,"follows: ,"In the Elizabethtown News, Col.Harry Sommers comes out stronglyfor the re-election. of Governor Black,and the stand taken by the News issymbolic, we think, of the best opinion, inside the party.- Of course theElizabethtown News is a Democraticnewspaper, but Kentucky is normally Democratic, and, when the partyis able to command the earnest support of such an. independently editedpaper," it may be considered on thehigh road to success." 'Orators do not make good Governors,' observes the News. 'Wehave recently had one and we knowwhat we are talking about.' This is,of course, an allusion to Mr. Stanley,but the point that, sijmply because aman is a good speaker there is noreason to feel assured that he willmake a good Governor, is sound.Mr. Morrow is an orator. He speaksglibly and he has many of the tricksof the trade of the old-time stumpspeaker. He' is a more ready speakerthan is Gov. Black, but would hemake a better Governor? We donotthink so."Another thing that should exerta powerful effect upon the electorateis that the next Legislature is almostcertain to be Democratic. Thereare enough hold-overs in the Senateto make Democratic control of theUpper Branch a certainty. There ispractically no chance, therefore, ofour Republican friends really controlling the State governmentShould Mr. Morrow win he will be aspowerless as were Govs. Wilson, andBradley before him. He could drawthe salary as Governor, but he couldaccomplish nothing in a constructiveway without the consent of the Legislature, and we lenow that Republican Governors and Democratic Legislatures rarely -pull together."orVOTERS MAY HAVE T0 STUDYTHEIR BALLOTS.If the voters of Paris and Bourboncounty vote intelligently in the Stateelection on November. 4, they willhave to make a study of the sampleballots placed at the polls for theirinstruction.County Clerk Pearce Paton has received instructions from Secretary ofState Lewis, at Frankfort to have aseparate ballot printed for the proposed prohibition amendment to theState constitution. The ' proposedamendment, placed before the votersof. Kentucky at this election by theGeneral Assembly under Chapter 63,Acts of 1918, provides that afterJune 30, 1920, the manufacture,sale and transportation of intoxicants shall be forbidden in this State.The instructions sent by the Secretary of State to the County Clerksorder the destruction of ballots ifthey have already been printed withthe prohibition amendment on thesame sheet. Previous instructions,sent from- Frankfort, provided thatthe amendment be printed on 'thesame ballot with the State offices.-GAS AND ELECTRIC BILLS MUSTBE PAID BEFORE 10THThe last day to get discount ongan and electric bills is the 10 th ofthe month. All bills 'must be paidon or before that day if the discountis to be expected. Owing to theshortage of help and the advancedcost of same, we will be unable tohave our collector call 'more thanonce, so please govern yourself accordingly. Our instructions fromheadquarters are to cut off all servicei of 'patrons whose accounts are notpaid before the 20 th.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO., Inc.FALL SEEDSBest quality Northern GrownRosen Seed Rye, Less quantity per acre. Yields more thanany other variety. Also havehighest quality Seed Wheat andTimothy Seed.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(aug!9-tf)BUYS TROTTING HORSESAt the sale of trotting stock heldat Tatteralls, in Lexington, Friday,Mr. Richard H. Wills, of Paris, purchased the following:Earnie I., b. c, (1), Peter Montgomery Ofatux,4 by Orator, $125,Myra King, b. f., (1) Native King--MyraKnight, by Border Knight,$115."Acting for.Frank H. Ellis, of Pittsburg, David IVI. Look secured the former champion two and three yearold trotting mare, Volga, winner ofboth .the two and three year, olddivisions 61 the Kentucky Futurity,and. her yearling filly by Lee Axworthy, for $7,000 each.THREE JPRISONERS MAKE ESCAPE-PROM JAIL.Of the three prisoners who effected their escape from the Paris jaillast week, one, Gilbert Huffman, remains at large. The police of thesurrounding counties are on the lookout and it is confidently expectedthat the missing man will be returned to the county bastile soon.Gilbert Huffman, who is alleged tohave robbed Logan Ayers, coloredtailor, of ?80, Charles Newsum,charged with robbing the clothingstore of I. L. Price, in this city, andArthur Jones, a white prisoner, whois alleged to have stolen the automobile of Newt. Rankin, and was afterward captured in Dayton, Ohio, byChief of Police Link, sawed the padlock and chains which were used tolock the doors leading into the cellcorridor, and, reaching the jailyard, climbed the wall.One of the colored prisoners, atrusty named Wilson, heard the noisemade by the men, and notified JailerTaul, but too late to capture themen. Another prisoner, Wm. Reynolds, charged with complicity inthe robbery of the Mitchell & Blakemore store in this city, was in thedeal to escape, but lfeing a .cripple,was caught as he was endeavoring toscale the wall.Jones was captured by PatrolmanGeorge M. Hill and Fire 'Chie'f McGoldrick, as he was passing the firedepartment. Jailer Taul has offereda reward for the apprehension of theother men. The reward of $25 forthe capture of Jones was paid to Patrolman Hill and Fire Chief McGoldrick. The men used a steel saw to severthe links of the chain used on thedoois. Some time ago a prisonerprized one of the large stones froma window in his cell with an iron bartaken from his bed, and then soaping his body squeezed thorugh theaparture and made his escape. He isstill at large.oACCEPTS CHAIRMANSHIP OF LOCAL CAMPAIGN.Mr. Harry Brent Fithian has accepted the chairmanship for Paris ofthe campaign to raise the city's proportion of the $1,000,000 endowmentfund, which the Protestant Episcopal churches will raise for the Uni-:versity of the South, at , Suwanne,Tennesse. The campaign' will beheld in conjunction with the nationwide religious compafgn of thatchurch to be held early in December.Preliminary organization work forthe campaign in this city is now being made under the -direction of MrFithian.REGISTER TO-DAY.Register to-day at your votingplace. This is imperative. Pollsopen from six a. m. until nine p. m.Don't fail to register, and get yourcertificate.WE KNOW HOWIn Presenting Our ClothesFor this Season We HaveReason For CongratulationsWere there any better clothesanywhere we would have them.But, truly, no better linesaremade as yet. Because hereare garments more exalted inpurpose, more refined in fabrics,more accentuated in style, moreexcelling and compelling in manyways than we have thought possible.ForInstanceYou have only to get a glimpseof our stunning two-button,double-breasted suits to realizethat you have the last ord inPabrjcFashionand PitThey will wear well, tooourword for it.MITCHELL &Stttson HatsManhattan Shirtsft-RENICKS RESIGN POSmOlfS OTMcCOMBS OIL CO.Abram Renick, of Winchester,president of the McCombs OiMro-I ducing and Refining Company tedered his resignation, effective Octo-jber 15. Felix Renick, son of PrIdent Renick, and secretary ot tbmMcCombs Company, also "resigaecL.on,uepn.ug me resignations, me directors immediately designated J. C.McCombs treasurer and H. A. Momajjboth of Winchester, Ky., and Rocwcrio Mabbio, of New York, to 4akover and conduct the company's af-fairs until such time as new offlcenTare elected. "The retiring officers gave no reasons for their resignations other thamto deny that they were prompted toquit because a suit filelast monthby thirteen stockholders demandingthat 8,000,000 shares of the company's stock, alleged to be held brthe directors, be cancelled because itwas issued without consideration.The Renicks are reported to havepurchased large oil tioldings in Leecounty, and a line up in Kentucky oilinterests is expected shortly, it issaid.The McCombs is capitalized at $5,000,000. General offices are locatein the Inter-Southern Building, Louisville.WANTS INFORMATION .L A friend of THE NEWS and a.friend of the soldier and sailor boysof Bourbon county wants to knowwhat has become of the soldiers memorial fund, and what is to be donewith it. He also wants some information as to when actual work is to'begin on that new $50,000 hotelproject for Paris, and when thescheme for establishing a CountryClub on the banks of Stoner is to becarried into effect. He also wants toknow when the new ice factory is tobe built, and he also wants to knowbut here, we believe he wants toodeuced much information that weare unable to supply! Can' anvonaIput him on the trail? -BURLEY TOBACCO COMPANT'CAHTAT.TErTT) AT $250,000.Articles of incorporation for theBurley Tobacco Company of Lexington, were filed Friday with the' Fayette County Clerk by David PrewittThomas J. Denton, C. C. Patrick, P.P. Johnson, Jr., and C. S. WilliamsCapitalized at $250,000, the company will sell on a commission basia.store tobacco and conduct a redrring:and curing business. Shares of stock:have a par value of $1 each Theannual meeting of the board of directors of the corporation will beheld the first Tuesday in May, 1920.Mr. Volney W. Ferguson, of Bourbon county, is a member of the Boardof Directors.BLAKEMORENettltUn ShotsDr. R4's Cushion Soft ShMc-'3P -1r-t -V- --r. ?rf?7 "MGETWO' THE BOURBON NEWS; PARIS, KEMJSiJKTs TUESDAY, OCTOB1R 7, 111!!HiiL3K) PKEE TUITION POR COUNTYPUPILS IN CITY SCHOOIS"Where there are convenient andadequate high schools provided bytbe County Board of Education thefco&rd cannot be compelled to contract with a city high school for freetuition for country pupils, JudgeBohert I.-. Stout decided in theFranklin Circuit Court in the suit ofJohn Sacra who sought to enjoin theFranklin county board to arrangefor his daughter's admission to theFrankfort high school.The county high schools provide atwo years' course and the board hasa. contract with the city schools forthe third and fourth years for thebenefit of rural pupils. Judge Stoutfceia that this is all that is requiredat the county board. The countyIrigh school at Thorn Hill, a suburb,is within three miles of the Sacralome.County Superintendent L.' D.Stucker stated that if a contract wasmade with the city schools for thefirst two years it would destroy thecounty high schools and deprive thechildren of people who could not afford to send them to the city of anopportunity for an education.WBERE THBE'S A BABY ON THEEARM KEEP BAT-SNAPHats are on most farms. Once- they get inside the house look out.Bats kill infants biting them is nottumsu&l. Nursing bottles attractrats. Break a cake of RAT-SNAP. and throw it around. It will surelyTid you of rats an! mice. Threesizes, 25c, 50c, $1.00. Sold andguaranteed Dy the Farmers' Supply..Company.- ' Coct-adv)THE CHEAP DOLLAR."With the purchasing power of thedollar lower than it has ever been, itis the part of wisdom to put some ofthem to work earning interest, until.the lime that money is worth more.War Savings Stamps enable the wageearner to do this. Save what youcan and invest it in W. S. S.An OrdinanceI-EOVIDING FOR RESURFACING"KAIN STREET, BETWEENSIXTH AND SEVENTH STREETS"ON THE CITY OF PARIS, KY.TCITY HALL, PARIS, KY.,-September 25, 1919.BE IT ORDAINED, by the Mayor, and Board of Council of the City ofParis, that,"WHEREAS,, L. W. Johnson on the17th day of July, 1914, entered into4 contract with the City of Paris by-whichhe undertook and bound himself to resurface with bitulithic paving Main Street from Tenth to BankRow, and to jmaintain the same for, aperiod of five years from the completion and acceptance of same free ofall defects occurring therein by reason of defective workman-ship andmaterial, and,"WHERAS, within said period offive years from the completion andacceptance of said street many, defects appeared in that portion of saidstreet lying between Sixth and Seventh Streets in the City of Paris,and,WHEREAS, said L. W. Johnsonand his surety, The Aetna Accidentand Liability Company were notifiedin writing within said period of fiveyears of such defects, and,WHEREAS, said L. W. Johnsonand nis surety, The Aetna Accident& Liability Company have failed andrefused to put said street in properrepair because of such defectiveworkmanship and material, and,WHEREAS, it has become-necessaryto resurface said portion of saidstreet;vNOW, THEREFORE BE IT ORDAINED, that said street be resurfaced with bitulithic of the sameMnd and character of material with"which said L. W. Johnson undertook and bound himself to resurface- said street.(2) BE 'IT FURTHER ORDAINED,that the City Engineer be and he ishereby instructed to prepare plansand specifications for said work andsue a copy of same in the office of theClerk of the Board of Council(3) BE IT FURTHER ORDAINEDthat said work be let to the lowestand best bidder and the Clerk is directed to advertise for bids for twoconsecutive weeks in the official publications of the City of Paris.- (4) The Mayor is directed to receive bids for said work in openCouncil at eight -o'clock p. m., onThursday, October 9, 1919.(5) Each bidder shall be requiredto make his bid upon blanks to beiurnisnea Dy me city Engineer andshall accompany hisbid with a certified check for a sum equal to 5 ofthe total amount of his bid. Thechecks of the unsuccessful biddersTrill be returned immediately afterthe letting and the check of the successful bidder shall be retained untilsuch bidder has entered into a -written contract for the faithful performaiice of his contract, according to theplans and specifications and executed a bond with good and approvedsecurity guaranteeing such performance, at which time his check will be. returned. Upon his failure to execute sumi contract and bond the sumtso deposited shall.be retained by the" city as liquidated damages. AH suchchecks shall be made payable to the.order of W. W. Mitchell, City Treasurer. Tkis ordinance shall take effect. from and after its passage and pubplication as required by law.E. B. JANUARY,attest:- MayonJ. W. HAYDEN, Clerk.sept30-4t) JMILLERSBURG.Bargains in shoes at Caldwell's.Pickles at Caldwell's sweet andsour.Master Billie Brown is improving nicely.Millersburg is well representedat the Lexington trotting racesdaily.Dr. J. D. Calhoun left Sundayfor a two-weeks' fishing trip on theCumberland river.Mrs. E. R. Hurst and sons returned Monday after a three-weekssojourn at Swango Springs.Dr. C. C. Fisher suffered a severe attack of kidney colic last week.He is able to be out again.Messrs. Roy Endicott and L. T.Vimont, of Cincinnati, arrived Saturday as guests of relatives here.I have accepted the agency forthe Viking Cream Separator, one ofthe best -on the market. Call andinspect. R. M. CALDWELL.Mrs. J. D. Calhoun and daughter, Miss Elizabeth Calhoun, leftSaturday for a visit to relatives atRingo, Ga.Quite a number of our people attended the National League ballgames at Cincinnati last week, andmany are there this week.Born, on Thursday, to Mr. andMrs. O. E. Hurst, a daughter. Thechild was dead, and was interred inthe Millersburg Cemetery, Friday.Mr. G. L. Hill and family 'returned Monday from Cynthiana,where they attended the funeral ofhis father, Mr. Hiram Hill, on' Saturday. Mr. jpid Mrs. S. E. Bruce, of Millersburg, announce the engagementof their daughter, Mary LouiseBruce, to Mr. James Patterspn Lail,of Paris.Miss Mary Louise Borner entertained a number of her young friendsSaturday afternoon from 2:00 to5:00, the occasion being her tenthbirthday.There was a Sunday School rallyat the Presbyterian church Sunday,morning. Special services were conducted by Mr. and Mrs. Armstron.A nice sum was realized.Mrs. Lewis Frederick left Wednesday for a visit to relatives in Lexington, after which she will join herparents, Rev. and Mrs. Redd, in theirnew home in Harrodsburg.The football game between theM. M. I. Cadets and Lexington HighSchool, on M. M. I. grounds, Saturday afternoon, resulted in a scoreof 40 to 0 in favor of Lexington.Elder G. W. Nutter, of Nicholasville, was a guest of friends hereThursday and Friday. Elder Nutteris former pastor of the Christianchurch her, and his many friendsgave him the glad hand.Miss Marguerite B. Clarke leftSaturday for a visit to friends inLexington; after which she will go toLouisville, where she will remain until winter, from thence to Florida,where she will spend the winter.Miss Clarke severs her connectionwith Millersburg, having disposed ofher home to Mrs. Bessie Caldwell.The protracted meeting which isin progress at the Presbyterianchurch, is growing in interest. Dr.Thacker draws large crowds withevery service, and is preaching practical, logical, philisophical and intellectual sermons. He has the facultyof carrying his audience with himwherever he leads. The music, whichis under the direction of Mr. andMrs. Armstrong, is equally good.Mr. Armstrong is not only a goodchoir leader, but also a good soloist.The card system is used in the services and no one is asked to comeforward. This is a departure fromanything of the kind that has everbeen done in Millersburg, and ourneoDle are taking kindly to it. Themeeting will continue through theweek. Services every afternoon atthree and in the evening at 7:30.iMrs. Mattie Hawes and son, Mr.Albert Hawes, left Saturday for theirnew home in- Covington. Mr. W. E.Butler left Monday for Paris, wherehe will remain until Wednesday, atwliich time he will join his sisterand nephew, Mrs. Hawes and' son,in their new home in Covington, Itis with many regrets that we givethese good people up. They areamong our best citizens, and nativesof the community. Mrs. Hawes hasspent much time from here duringher married life, and even afterward, while residing in Chicago, shewas frequently in our midst, andduring the declining days of hermother she again identified herselfwith Millersburg. Mr. W. E. Butleris one of the best -known citizens ofMillersburg, though he has neverbeen prominently connected withany business enterprise, everybodyknows "Earnest." His congenialmanner and quaint stories will causehim .to be remembered by all withwhom he has ever come in contact.oFOR AN EMERGENCYEvery man owes it to himself tolay aside an emergency fund. Anideal way to do this is by purchasingWar Savings Stamps or TreasurySavings Certificates. They increasein value every month you hold themand can always be converted intocash on ten-days' notice.1 oWILL YOU SAVE 50c ON RATSNAP TO SAVE $100?One 50c package can' kill 50 rats.The average rat will rob you of $10a year in feed, chicks and nronerty.destruction. RAT-SNAP is deadly torats. Cremates after killing.Leaves no smell. Comes in cakes.Rats will pass up meat, grain,cheese to feast on RAT-SNAP. Threesizes, 25c, 50c, ?1.00. Sold andguaranteed by the Farmers' SupplyCompany.(oct-adv)oThe people who ge't. to the front)never think to sit down and give the JIrest of us a chance to see over theirheads.One sewing machine, as good asnew has all improvements. Alsonew Sanitarv Davennort. never hspi!Inquire at this office. (3-2t)Truck and Cars ForHireServiceable truck and cars for hireat reasonable rates. TaxicabH serviceday and night.S. R. HUDNALL,Both Phones. At Ruggles Garage".LostOne pair Slack Blocks, in Shawhan neighborhood. Reasonable reward if returned toPARIS HOME TELEPHONE CO.(30-tf)Steinway Pianos.Mr. H. C. McKim, of Cincinnati,representing the- Steinway, is inParis, stopping at theY. M. C. A.He will be'glad to communicate withthose desiring Steinway instrumentsor player-pianos. (26-tf)riawleigh's AH Medicine Hog MixtureQuality First; Results Assured.Try 100 pounds.3 Money refunded ifnot satisfied. Cost one-fifth of a centper average dose.Call Cumberland Phone 487; HomePhone 256, for further information.M. 0. BIDDLE,The Hawkish Mart.(8augr-tf)For SaleThe Home Telephone Your ServantFor Only a Few Cents Per DayLet us analyze his qualifications: He is polite, Intelligent, willing,always on duty, day or night.He will instantly present to you the grocer, butcher, baker or any o'the trades-folks, or the doctor, fire department or police In emergency.He will go far beyond the confines of the town and bring to you ivamazingly short time a member of the family or one of your good proi.pective customers. ,He will summons the railroad, boat or theatre ticket In a few seo.onds.And as to wages, he will only cost you in residence from 6 to 8c peday; in place of business from 10 to 12c per'day.Paris Home Telephone TelegraphCompany "(Incorp oratedJ. J. Veatcli, District Mana? W. H. Cannon, Local Manager.PUBLICLIVFSTOCKAHD FARM IMPLEMENOn The Premises of lollie Young, Five Miles From Paris,North Middletown Pike onWednesday. Oct. 8,Oii account of our lease on the Clay farm having expired we will sH vubWcU our live Stock andfarm implements consisting of the following:30 good two-year-old cattle, weight 1,050 to 1 , 1 00 pounds; 300 good cvts bred to lamb February 20; 12 southdown bucks; 4 duroc boars, ready for service; 6 sows and 30 shoats; 4 cows,will be fresh soon; 6 yearling heifers and steers; 4 good using horses, well broke; I pair- extraseven-year-old mare mules, weight 2,300 pounds; I pair gray horse mules, 4-year-old; 3 pairmare mules from 3 to 6 years old; I aged mare mule.FARM IMPLEMENTSWe will sell a hne lot or tarm implements m good condition as follows-. Iroad wagon, 3 riding cultivators, Brinley's, 4 Vulcan breaking plowsK 1 double Randle harrow, 1 Hoosier wheat drill, 1'Bu'N rae1 hay Tetter, 3 two-horse wagons, 1 McCormick binder, 1 McCormick mower, 1 Avery corn planter, 1 seed drill, 1 hemp machiVehemp breaks, 1 New Idea manure spreader, 3 sets wagon harness, single trees, pitchforks and many things too numerous to menv onEverything will be sold on sixty days time without interest, excepting sums under $50 which will be cash in hand. Hot lunch oreveryone. . iS&Jg&filMiThis sale will be held rain or shine and everything will be sold without reserve or by bid. Neither partners will make a bid on anything. 4Geo. O. Speakes, AuctioneerRoom For RentNicely - furnished bedroom, onsecond floor of the Robneel Apartments, at corner of Main, and Eighthstreets. Cumberland Telephone No.885. n.MRS. MAGGIE R. McCINTOCK.(3-tf) ' "Room For RentNicely-furnished front room inApartment 1, third floor of the Robneel building, at corner of Main andLEighth streets. Steam-heat andbath. Business man preferred.JSIRS. J. T. CLARK.7 cx(.fCensus Clerks WantedCensus Clerks, (men, women) 4,000 needed. $95 month. Age 18 to50. Exeperience unnecessary. Examinations at Paris, Oct. 18. Forfree particulars, write J. : Leonard(former Government Examiner) 945Equity Building, Washington.(23-tf)FOR SALEHigh Grade Tobacco FarmsLimestone Farms that grow the highest quality of tobacco on Stone Pikes, within 10 miles ofLouisville, at prices ranging from ?75.00 to $150.00per acre. This land grows from 1500 to 2500pounds of Light Burley tobacco to the acre. Ourcrops invariably "bring the highest prices on theLouisville market. During the past year wc havesold practically. a million dollars -worth of farmproperty to Kentuckians and no sale wa.s evermade by us where the purchaser sold at a loss oreven for the price paid.Come t5 Jeffcr&onville and let us show you whatwc have. You will be under no obligations.Voigbt Insurance & Realty Co.Jeff ersonville, Ind.Phone 18 - Voight Bids.(oct3-4t)AT 10:30 CCLOCK A. M.,More TimeRecreationWith a "GARLAND" Three-Fuel RangeWTTMnMM 4See It DemonstratedBurns Coal, Wood or GasIn the Same Oven.Uses the fuel best suited to the season. A cool,restful kitchen in summer, a warm, comfortablekitchen in winter. A special demonstration all thisweek. Come in and see how this "Garland" willsave time for you in your own kitchen.A. F. Wheeler FurniturrCo.CHAS. GREEN, ManagerCorner Third and Main Opposite Court HouseKllfill " " - w ' m - - ' - m m m - m ma5igg5"i ii55Ssg'SZJ55;x fii333 3 SCoal Coal CoalHave You Talked WithCOLLIER BROS.About Your Winter Coal?Office Opposite Paris TobaccoWarehouseTannnnsmEsmninii-.ag:';.wThe News Job Department is Always Busy.'There's a Reason." Work Done Right I (CLARK & YOUNGCol. John T.For Rest andMVNo need for a heavycoal fire when yourcooking is light.Burns gas, coal orwood and - does thework of two rangesrequires the care of' only one. Why getalong with an oldfashioed stove whenthis "Garland" freesyou from all this extrawork?HlJ8i!K3.i-l-J.,MimiHlffiCumberland Phone $97Home Phone 257-5--s.g---g..---M-3---..- it.on the Paris and1919" " cHedges, ClerkP TUESDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1319."SYRUP OF FIGS"IS LAXATIVEFOR CHILDTHE BOTOBOH HEWS, -PARIS,. JLUfTUUItf1,00k At Tongae! Remove Poisons, From Stomach, liver andBowels.firaSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Accept "California" Syrup of Figsonly look for the name Californiaon the package, then you are sureyour child is having the best andmost harmless laxative or physic forthe little stomach, liver and bowels.Children love its delicious fruitytaste. Full directions for child's doseon each boottle. Give it without fear.Mother! You must say "California."BEWAJtE THIS DISEASEFinancial physicians are warningagainst the new disease which is appearing in many parts of the country. They have named it "I'mthurenza." Persons attacked by this disease uniformly utter the cabalisticwords, "the war is over," and declineto take any further interest in theNation's affairs. No serum has beendiscovered which can prevent the aiiment, but investing regularly in WarSavings Stamps and RegisteredTreasury Savings Certificates is apreventative as well as a cure.Miss Alleene Kabler, of Latohia, is a guest tof Miss Mary Petree.Mrs. Hugh Brent and son arevisiting Mrs. George Varden, in Atlanta, Ga.Mrs. Mary Bradshaw, of Indianapolis, Ind., is a guest of Mrs. Eedsell Clark, near Little Rock.Mr. Henry Clay, of Taylorsville,Spencer county, ig a guest of hisuiuluci, mi. juuxi iu. uiay, near.Paris.Mr. Roy F. Clendenin has returned from Pittsburg, Pa., where heatten'ded the National Convention ofUnderwriters,Miss Elizabeth Jasper has takena .position in the law office of Hin-I Sauer,"M r. and Mrs. Keller Sauer andMr. Robert Hite, all of Lexington.Mrs. Thos. A. McDonald hasgone to Tucson, Arizona, to visit hersister, Mrs. Lon Haley.Mrs. J. H. Comer is at Martinsville, Ind., with her mother, Mrs. NatCollier, of near Millersburg, who isCity Clerk J. W. Hayden has returned from Stanford, where he-!spent several days on a business mission. Misses Elizabeth Barlow andRuby Cantrill have returned from avisit to Miss Frances Barclay, inCynthiana.Maysville Bulletin: "Mr. HarryMarkwell, one of the obliging clerksat G. H. Frank & Co.'s. is spendinga few days in Paris."Mrs. Lee Kirkpatrick and littledaughter, Mary Morton, spent theweek-end as guests of Mrs. SamuelBarclay, in Jessamine county.Mrs. W. R. Franklin has returned to her home in Paris, after a vjsitto her sister, Mrs. J. A. McClintock,on the "Summit," in Richmond.. Mrs. Pattie Pearce and MissRuth Pearce, of Newport, are guestsof Mrs. Pearce's brothers, J. T. andton, Bradley & Bradley, as stenoerapier and typist.Mrs. John Reffert and Mrs. G.'c.Blankenship have returned from avisit to friends and relatives in Cincinnati and Covington.Herbert Johnson, who has been'f-.-.rSSSS.JS?1 ,the'B. P. iudy7 in North MiddUtown.returned to his home near Paris. 1 Mr and Mrs- Newsum Keller. Miss Lewis, of Winchester, who have returned to their home in Dalhas been a guest of Mr. and Mrs. las' Texas, after a visit to the forClay Sutherland, in this city, for sev- mer's Parents, Dr. and Mrs. A. H.eral days, has returned to her home, j Keller and family, in this city.Mr. Charles" A. Webber, of the Mrs. Fayette Ardery and Mrs.Bourbon Garage & Supply Co., left Sidney S. Ardery, Jr., have issued inSunday for Detroit, Mich., to bring vitations to a luncheon-bridge, to beIKDIGESTIOff, BIHUOSNESS, CONSTIPATION.Chamberlain's Tablets have restored to health and happiness hundredswho were afflicted with indigestion,"biliousness and constipation. If youare troubled in this way give them atrial. You are certain to be pleasedlor they will benefit you.(oct-adv)oOf cour.e the city's bustle is inside of her outskirts.back several new cars for purchasers.Mrs. I. B. Helburn and daughter, Miss Bettie Helburn, and son,Jack Helburn, of Eminence, areguests of Mrs. Lawrence Price, andMr. Price.Mr. and Mrs. Merritt J. Shobeand son will arrive this week fromSalem, New Jersey, for a visit toMrs. Hannah Butler and daughters,on Vine street.Mrs. V. T. Howe and daughter,!of Dayton, Ohio, who were attendingthe trots at Lexington, were guestsfor the week-end of Mr. and Mrs.Charles Whaley, at their home on theNorth Middletown pike, near Paris.Crawfordsville, (Ind.), DailyReview: "Mrs. W. H. Anderson, whohas been the guest of her cousin,Mrs. A. S. Miller, has returned to herhome In Paris, Ky. Mrs. Anderson isthe charming niece of the Confederate idol, Jefferson Davis."Mr. Frank Farmer, of the Cincinnati Southern train dispatcher'soffice, at Oakdale, Tenn., who is recovering from a recent severe illness, is a guest at tne home of Mr,and Mrs. James W,given at the Masonic Temple, at oneo'clock to-morrow (Wednesday) afternoon.Instructions as to how dischargedand disabled soldiers may get freecourses in vocational traininer n.rp he-Mrs. Lucy Petree has returnedVhng sent out by v. 0. Gilbert, Super-,from a visit of several months to relatives in Missouri. She will remainin Paris as a guest in the home ofher daughter, Dr. Martha Petree,and with the family of her son, Mr.Claude Petree.(Other Personals on Page 5)oWOMEN ON STATE OE COMMANDER STONE.W. J. Stone, Confederate pensioncommissioner, who is major generalcommanding the Kentucky Divisionof the United Confederate Veterans,has appointed a personal staff of fivewomen. They are Mrs. W. B. Haldeman, of Lauisville, chaperon; Mrs.Walter Matthews, Lexington, matronof honor; Miss Sidney Snook, Paducah, sponsor, and Misses AlmaLear, Paint Lick, and Nancy NealYoung, Louisville, hiaids of honor.General Stone, who will head theKentucky delegation to the annualEarlywine. in 1 convention at Alanta, October 7 tothis city. Mrs. Farmer is still a na- 10. inclusive, has announced thattient in the Mayo Bros.' Hospital, atRochester, Minn. iThe following from a distanceattended the funeral and burial ofMrs. Eva Saure, in this city, Saturday afternoon: Mr. and Mrs. WillP. Mayfield, Dayton, Ohio; Mr. andMrs. J. Russell Doty, Detroit, Michigan; Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Rice,Maysville; Mr. J. H. Batterton,North Carolina; Mr. and Mrs. J." W.BED CROSS SENDING OUT HOSPITAIi SUPPLIES.Two hundred and fifty packingcases filled with hospital suppliesare to be sent out this week to hospitals in Ohio, Indiana and Kentuckyfrom the Red Cross warehouse at thePetite division headquarters, 2157Euclid avenue.These cases contain 2,000,000 articles pneumonia jackets, absorbentpads, gauze compresses, bandages,night gowns, pajamas and babyclothes. These have been turned inRed Cross chapters in the Lake Division.Women who met each week during the war to make surgical dressings are now meeting at the Red,uross warehouse to inspect garmentsand pack cases. This work is partof the co-operation of the AmericanRed Cross with the American Hospital Association. At the request ofthe hospital association the RedCross is distributing supplies intended for war purposes among needyhospitals in the United States.At the Lake Division Red Crosswarehouse there are sufficient supplies to fill 3,000 more cases. Thesewill be distributed as orders are received from the American HospitalAssociation. It is one way the RedCross is adjusting its war-time organization to peace-time needs.oKENTUCKY SCHOOLS TO TRAINDISABLED SOLDIERSFOR WORK.iMiimiMiniimiiimifMnHtH-the Kentucky headquarters would beat the Ansley Hotel, North Forsyth and James streets.oGET EVEN WITH UNCLE SAMYou can get even with Uncle. Samon the penny war taxes by purchasing: W. S. S. For the old boy will Naturally, you feel blue whenhave to pay you something then j you're out of green goods and haven'tsee? a red.intendent of Public Instruction. Disabled soldiers who desire to learntrades should fill out applicationblanks at their local Red Cross Societies. These cards will be forwardedto W. F. Shaw, and the Federal Government will furnish free tuition tothe soldiers at some of the Kentuckycolleges. Single men not only receive tuition and books while learning a trade, but are paid $80 amonth, a married man gets in addition to free tuitioirand books $115 amonth and married men with children receive additional compensationfor each child. Berea College is taking care of a number of disabled soldiers who are to be taught trades.This training will also be given thesoldiers at the Eastern State NormalSchool.oEasy Window Washing.To clean windows simply hold anewspaper under the water faucet longenough to dampen it, crush togetherand rub on the window pane. Thewindow will be cleaned, washed anddried instantly. Should lint remainbrush off with a dry cloth. Cottongloves may be worn to piotecL thehands.The J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMMRSXI YT" Da phone 36JTcLTlS KV Nlht : ..56- "L iD 'J or Home 286Mainand SixthStreetsMotor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.ttl"t'H''l'lI"l"H'lt'J'I'M"l"I"K4t I It II MA MAN AND HIS WIFEf may both derive satisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely, satisfy yoo.A phone brings us.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40Home Phone 169-ffFINE FARM OF 110 ACRESNEAR, PARISAnd Desirable Brick Residence on Duncan Avenue, in ParisATFUB1-IG AUCTIONONTHURSDAY, OCT. 9, 1919Farm Sale Begins at 10:30 a. m.3Residence to be sold at 2:30 p. m.HHviiit!4MHLLH ':-f -Hip; SiiilMiHAHHHHM ' 'm&&&mResidenceOb Duncan, Parir Ky.Avenue,tf1Having engaged in other business, and desiring to retire from farming, I will positively sell to the highest and best bidders, on the above date, my farm, containing 170 acres of excellent land, and my two-story brick residence on Duncan Avenue, in Paris. Both ' sales will be conducted on their respective premises on theabove date. FARM SALE COMMENCES AT 10:30 A. M. CITY RESIDENCE SOLD AT 2:30 P. M.This Excellent Farmcontaining 170 acres of splendid land, is located 3 miles southeast of Paris, onthe Clintonville pike, and has thereon a three-room frame cottage; a practicallynew combined stock and tobacco barn with a capacity of 10 acres of tobacco.'This barn is one of the best structures in the Blue Grass region, the basementbeing sufficiently large to feed 200 head of cattle, the barn being erected especially for that purpose, and stands on a native stone foundation. Attached theretois a concrete silo with a capacity of 280 tons. There is in this barn a never-failingwell that will water 200 head of stock in the dryest weather. Another nearlynew tobacco barn on this farm has a capacity of 12 acres of tobacco.This is one of the most desirable small farms in the county, has a'never-fail-ingsupply of water for man and beast from pools and cisterns, and is under goodfence. The locality is an ideal one, being surrounded by excellent neighbors,close to Paris and on a good macadam road. Gerdra Station, on the L. & N., islocated in the rear of the place.This is certainly a fine body of land and now has under cultivation 30 acresof corn, 12 acres. of sorghum, 20 acres in rye, 40 acres of clover and the remainder in old bluegrass sod, every acre of which is fine tobacco land.This farm must be seen-to be appreciated, and prospective buyers should notoverlook this opportunity to secure this very desirable close-in suburban home,near the best town in the South.The Stately Residenceis located on Duncan Avenue, in Paris, and is one of the best built two-story brickhouses in this city. The house was erected by the late Mr. Jerry Duncan as ahome for his daughter, Mrs. J. K. Ford, and everything entering into the construction of this structure was built only of the best and most dependable materials. Only recently this house has been newly papered, painted and put in excellent condition. There are 10 large rooms, two' halls, well appointed bath roomtiled. All floors in the house laid with quartered oak. New and up-to-date brasselectric fixtures with the inverted light effect throughout. Has good dry cellarwith concrete floor, hot air furnace and the reliable Pittsburg instantaneousheater in the cellar always assures an unlimited supply of hot water throughoutthe house at all hours. Every room is equipped with gas grates.The lot has a frontage of 100 feet, on Duncan Avenue, the very best residence street in Paris, and has a depth of 237 feet. There is a garage and stableon the premises, besides the large garden and spacious front, side and backyards.This is certainly an up-to-the-minute modern home, located as it is in thevery best neighborhood in Paris, and prospective purchasers should call and inspect this excellent property before the day of sale.TERMS Usual terms will be allowed on land and residence, details of which will be announced at each sale. For further particulars -apply toI?Paris, Kywk:L. D. HARRIS, ManagerGEO. D. SFEAKES, Auctionm m1THOVIOIMfA--"nouiTHE BOUBBOH HEWS,cbhtuckx-TUESDAY,. OCTOBI 7, It lv . :5x1, t.-)t1ifHiMRIS TEAK DEEEATED BY THEGEORGETOWN TEAMIn. the first game of football forthe present season played on thenGeorgetown field, the Paris footballteam went down in defeat before theGeorgetown team by a score of 14 to7. The Georgetown team gained anearly lead, but were outplayed bythe Paris team in. the last half,Paris' scores were made by a fifteenyard run by Tucker, half-back, for atouchdown, and when Rice kicked a'jgoal. The Paris line-up was as follows: Rice and Dundon, ends;Arnsparger and Welsh, tackles;Taul, Shively and Stern, guards;Baldwin, "-center; Roberts, quarter;JklcCJintock and Tucker, halves;Denton, fallback.CITIZEN OF PARIS EORTHREE YEARS.5IXTY-Sixty-three years is a long time tospend in one place, yet that is thelength of time Mr. John B. Northcott, now in his eighty-ninth year,has been a citizen of this city, Mr.Northcott came to Paris in 1856,coming from Bowling, Green in theold-fashioned stage coach from Louisville, and by rail through Lexington. When he arrived in Paris theold Bourbon county fair was in progress. The weather at that time wasso cold that piles of logs were keptburning to ward off the chill. Mr.Northcott was for many years Cashier of the old Deposit Bank, nowmerged into the Peoples and DepositiBank and Trust Co., of Paris.His'tho fnnfWi toom frnm tiiP Lay- has been an active and useful life.angton High School defeated the Mil- In Ws long residence here he has3ersburg Military Institute team on witnessed many important changesthe latter' grounds, Saturday after- in the business and social life ormoon by a score of 40 "to 0. The. Paris, and has seen it grow from acadets were outclassed after the first jyillaSe to a real xy ' -'quarter and -the visitors scored al-i h & -'fiost at wiii. In the last period Lex-1 THE BEST INSURANCE.toJ'FuZZl Incur vour tobacco In theVIT.11 lOUJ &UUOHtutco M.U. it. -a- to-jmmber of students from the Lexing-Insure vour tobaccobarn azainst Fire and Wind-ton school came over to root for the ' jtorm WithYERKES & PEED,Farmers & Traders Bank.(augl5-tf)ivinners, most or inem matting ,utrip in automobiles. There was alarge crowd present to see the game.The members of the Lexington teamand their friends had a merry timedn Paris on their return, celebratingtheir victory over the cadets.JUDGES IN PARTISAN POLITICSThe Republican State plaform declares for taking the Judges out ofpolitics. At the same time its contention at Lexington was notablefor the participation of RepublicanJudges. At Lexington again, JudgeCharles Kerr, a partisan Republicanelected on a non-partisan appeal asCircuit Judge in the Fayette CountyDistrict, made a partisan speech,introducing Ed. Morrow, in which,"Witn that superior statesmanshipthat now marks most Republicans in ClarkeTmlilif lifo Tip rAfpvrprl rnnterrmt.n-! a danously to the League of Nations as in the Herald every Sunday, and. Itio T.o-nnio nf TTniiiiPinn firms " -certainly eniov reading every line of-v,0v .. ... w . i -- - ,. ,NOW. HERE'S NEWS AS IS REALNEWS!The following interesting itemsare taken from "The Sample Case"department in Sunday's LexingtonHerald :"J. E. Soper, of this city, representing the Power Grocery Company, of Paris, is on his vacation."B. M. Renick, president of theParis Milling Company, of Paris,Kentucky, accompanied by ClarenceThomas and Owen Davis, are spending their vacation in French Lick,Ind."Dr. A. H. Keller, known to everyone in Bourbon county, said to Billylast Thursday: 'That is a;a dandy sheet you are getting outCINCINNATI AlTD CHICAGO BATTLING FOR CHAMPIONSHIP.Cincinnati's crack red-sock aggregation is still battling manfully totake the world's series championshipgames from the doughty warriors,the Chicago White Sox, while the latter team is putting up a great gamein an effort to carry the flag to theChicago park.Cincinnati took the fourth game ofseries by defeating the White Sox onthe latter's grounds Saturday by thescore of 2 to 0. Cicotte, who wasdriven from the mound in the opening game at Cincinnati, tried td retrieve his record, but the Red weretoo much for him, and carried thescore through . the nine innings tovictory. Sunday's game was calledoff on account of a severe heavy rainand light snow, which made theplaying field inaccessable.The Cincinnati team carried theWhite Sox over the rough road in thegame yesterday, winning out by ascore of 5 to 0. Not a man scoreduntil the sixth inning, when Cincinnati put four runs to the good.The batteries were: For Cincinnati,Eller and Raridan; Chicago, Williams and Schalk, Lynn and Mayer.oTHE HINTON PARM LAND ATAUCTION, TUESDAY, OCT. 7.The beautiful Gilt Edge StockFarm, comprising 547 acres,near Paris, "will be offered at auction in 11 tracts on October 7. A 25foot deeded road from the Paris andNorth Middletown pike back to theresidence is provided in the sale arrangements. These close in tracts ofland should attract dozens of farmbuyers. Read the advertisement onanother page. For particulars, apply toHARRIS & SPEAKES, Agents.(oct-3-2t) Paris, Ky.oTHE LITTLE ROCK SCHOOL,.Democrats in Lexington wno weredeluded into voting for Judge Kerr,now realize the foolishness of looking to the Republican party for anything non-partisan. "It just ain'tin 'em," Ollie James used to say,and he knew the Republican critter-about as well as anybody in Kentucky. Their non-partisan Judgesare about the most active partisansin the Hert-Ballard-Wallace political aggregation. Democrats of Lexington should make a note of JudgeKerr's remarks at the Morrow meeting for future reference.3ARR0W WILL ORGANIZE UNITFOR-PEACE PURPOSESit.' Billy felt very highly honoredover the congratulation and felthighly gratified that the SampleCase is interesting other people beside the commercial travelers andthe merchants of the Blue Grass."A WORD TO ADVERTISERSWe must have copy for change ofadvertising in plenty of time. Wehave about exhausted our stock ofpatience with those who persist indelaying sending in their copy untilthe very day' of publication. It is asmuch to your interest as to ours toget your copy in early before theday of publication. That gives thead man a better show and helps tokeep his temper sweet, and not allReorganization of the Good Sama-' ianeled out of tune. The paper can-Titan Base Hospital Unit No. 4, fa- J not be set up in a few hours, and weaniliarly known as the Barrow Unit, j dislike to have to crowd out goodthat it may be effective in time of , news, which often is a necessity, inwar or disaster, will be made in the order to accommodate our advertis3iear future, according to Dr. David ' ers. It is the desire of THE NEWSjBarrow, formerly commanding officer that copy for change of advertise---ofthe organization. ments be in this office before Mon-The purpose of the organization days and Thursdays. Nothing isalso is to keep members of the outfitin touch with each other, Dr. Barrowgained by delay, and everything isnined hv srettins: us the copy atstated. The purpose of reorganiza- i once. We trust you appreciate thetlon is not to call out the unit in amilitary sense so much as to have itavailable in case of some local disaster. No definite plans have been madeyet. The unit will be reorganizedthrough the Lexington Red Crosschapter,-o ,LIST YOUR PROPERTY NOW.SAVE PENALTY.Cm fit and list your prop-;rty today, the time limit isnear when a penalty will so on.The law requires you to comete eur office In the CourtHouse. Do it NOW.WALTER CLARK,Tax Commissioner.JNO. J. REDMON,. Deputy(aug8-tf)point!ADVERTISE YOUR PUBLIC SALEIN THE NEWS.In order that your public sale maybe a success you must have a crowd.In order to have a crowd, the peoplemust know about your sale. In order for the people to know about ityou must thoroughly advertise it sothat 'every possible buyer may havean opportunity to be present,No public sale in Bourbon countyis properly advertised unless it is advertised in THE BOURBON NEWS.Insert your sale advertisement inTHE NEWS so that everybody willknow what you have to sell.And it has just about got so inthis country that when a woman isdressed comfortably she thinks she'snot fit to be seen.SMALL FARMATPUBLIC AUCTION!As agents we will sell for 'Mrs. Mary Crim, on the premises on theHaley pike, two miles from Avon, nine miles from Lexington, ten milesIrom Paris and -eight miles from Winchester, her splendid farm of 105Acres, onTuesday, October 14. At 10 O'clock A. M.Contains seven-room house, seven-acre tobacco barn, cistern, meatliouse, ice house and all necessary outbuildings in good repair. It has a" good orchard and is well watered and fenced. 75 acres in grass, the re-mainder in. a high state of cultivation and all of the" farm is good to-"bacco land. This is one of the best small farms in Central Kentucky,.- improvements, location and quality of land considered.Corn on the farm will make four bushels to the shock and an offer of80 cents per pound has been made and refused for the crop of tobacco.- Jfc TBE SAME TIME AND PLACE THE LIVE STOCK ON THE PLACEWILL BE SOLDconsisting of four high grade Shorthorn cows, 8 home-raised two-yeaf-oldfeeders, several heifers and calves. and. one-half interest" in 20 acres ofcorn. 'TERMS Liberal and made known on day of sale., . r: - , MRS. MARY CBIML" Hand 'Sjakef, Ageats, or W. L. Crim will show the place to pro-The Graded School at Little Hockis starting off with a good attendanceand the classes are getting down toregular work since all the pupilshave been supplied with books. Thefaculty, with one exception, is thesame as last year. Miss PrinciaGaines is his able assistant in thethe High School. Miss Ada Bivinsand Mrs. Charlie Prather teach thegrades, while Miss Patsy Clark is instructor in voice, expression andpiano.BOAED OP EDUCATION MEETINGThe County Board of Educationheld a business session in the officeof County Superintendent of SchoolsJ. B. Caywood yesterday morning.Considerable business of importanceto the teachers and the schools ofthe county was transacted.. (JB-4 FIREInsure withW.O. HINTON &SON,AgtsJRvtMIPMliSL yYoung Men's SuitsWaist Seam Stylesm' The Season's Popular NoteIn Young Men's Clothes- It is to your interest and ours for iis to be in at the startwith the newest clothes ideas for youeg men.The waist seam model, as pictured -here, is the prevailingstyle. This model comes- single or double breasted with attachable belts around, in slash and slant pockets.Every garment handsomely tailored. Blues, greens, brownsand fancy patterns are shown in abundance. You are assuredof good values here.$18-to$45.00OvercoatsFor Young MenIt is about time to 'be thinking of buying an overcoat forthis winter. Our overcoats were shipped early and right nowwe can give you a good variety to select from.Like styles in young men's suits, these coats are shown inwaist seam styles in single and double-breasteds. Beautiful colorings and patterns are shown in these coats some full lined:others quarter lined in satin and fancy silks. Buy early forgood values.$18.00 to $60.00R. P. WALSH7th and MainOne-Price StoreParis, Ky.1IflUWIflUBUBMifllflMKIKIMBMiMMiMIMlBmiWBlflKmifflmiMIFine 232-Acre Bourbon County FarmAT PUBLIC SALEONTHURSDAY. OCTOBER 9. 1919At 10 A. M.,On the PremisesThe Executor of I. Frank Willmott will sell on tha above date this farm of 232 acres situated in Bourbon county, on the Bryant Station pike, lying three-fourths of a mile from Hutchison, 8 miles from Paris,10 miles from Lexington and 1 12 miles of an Interurban line. It is an exceedingly desirable neighborhood,close to school and church. The farm will be divided into two tracts.TRACT No. 1 Consists of 1 94 acres, of which only 49 acres are in cultivation; 40 acres ofcorn, 9 acres of tobacco, balance in old blue grass sod which has not been broken in forty years. On thistract is a beautiful nine-room house, and all neceesary outbuildings freshly painted and under new roof; aseven-acre tobacco barn; 300-barrel corn crib, icehouse, cabin and all necessary outbuildings. There isplenty of water even during the present drouth. The tobacco on this farm last year averaged f ,800pounds to the acre. Has a fine orchard and is well fenced.TRACT No. 2 Consists of 38 acres lying in a square on the pike, and all in blue grass exceptsix acres in clover. A good four-ropm house. It is certainly an ideal place for tobacco. Extra well watered and fenced.Personal PropertyAt the same time and place,, nine shares of the First National Bank of Paris, Ky., will be sold.TERM Liberal and made known on day of sale.I. S. WILLMOTT, Executorfc-V'.J-ivfr-v- rBOLIVAR BOND and E. C. BUCKLEYREAL ESTATE AGENT AND AUCTIONEERSVERSAILLES, KENTUCKYI. S. Willmott on the place will-show- same before day of sale.iX.3MHIIV,lOOL. GEO. D. SPEAKES,Ma&ager.u?Auctioneer..(7-11)?jy- tW -i-'' -A .---"'-"'TUESDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1919.TTHE BOTJSBOK HEWS P1MS, KraTOGET-- P1GE JIW?-.s ,..-.-$.Ci)FOR THE BESTNOTHING LSEATTENTION, FARMERS!Bring in your Seed Wheat andlet us clean it for you. Telephone us and we will arrangeto clean your wheat the sameday it is brought in.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.aug26-tf)oNEW AUTO OWNERS.The Mammoth Garage of Lexington, reports the sale of a StudebakerLight Six Machine to Leslie Harris,of Paris.. oDONT PAIL TO BEGISTEB.You must register to-day if youwat to vote in the election, for Stateofficers in the November election,polls open from six a. m. to ninep. m.HEAT KILLS POEKEESTwenty-seven hogs, part of a carload in transit from Tennessee toCincinnati, via Paris, were foundsuffocated by the intense heat whenihe tiain reached Paris, Saturday.The car was sidetracked here" anddead animals removed.o"MRS. ELLIS' GROCERY SPECIALSTHIS WEEK.Again this week we will sell potatoes at 60 cents per peck.All kinds of nice fruits, vegetables,grapes, etc., at the right kind ofprices. Bring us the cash and we willgave you money on anything that isfold in a grocery.MRS. ELLIS' CASH GROCERY,Red Front, opp. Coilrt House.(7-2t)oSCHOOL SHOES HEADY FOR BOYSAND GIRLS.School season has just opened up,and we are ready to show you nowthe biggest and best assortment ofshoes ever shown.(19-tf) FELD'S SHOE STORE.. . oRED CROSS MEETINGRed Cross representatives from allparts of Bourbon county will meet inthe court house in this city at fouro'clock this (Tuesday) afternoon, forthe purpose of discussing how theorganization can be be of greater service in community life. The meeting has been called by the Executive Board of the Bourbon CountyBed Cross.oBUGGY AND AUTO COLLIDEA buggy in which. Mr. and Mrs.John Wells were returning homerrom Paris, Sunday afternoon,collided with, an auto coming in anopposite direction. The buggy waswrecked, but the occupants escapedinjury. The machine bore a Michigan license tag. The occupants ofthe machine after offering assistance and financial help, preceededto Paris.oSATURDAY OBSERVED ASKEPPUR" BY JEWISH.'YOMThe stores of the Jewish, citizensof Paris were closed Saturday, inobservance of the holiday, Yom Kippur, of Day of Atonement. This isthe most solemn religious holiday ofthe synagogue, and is observed alikeby the Jewish people of both reformand orthodox congregations, both of"whom abstain on that day from anyactivity of a secular nature, andgive themselves wholly to meditationand prayerful introspection.oOYSTERS ERESH DAILYNEWYORK COUNTS AND STEWINGSIZE.Fiesh oysters received daily. Weprepare them in all styles. Fine NewYork Counts for frying and elegantsoup and stewing sizes. Come inand try a sample order and then bea regular customer.(7-lt) JAS. E. CRAVEN.THE HINTON PARM LAND ATAUCTION, TUESDAY, OCT. 7The beautiful Gilt Edge StockFarm, comprising 547 acres,near Paris, will be offered at auction in 11 tracts on October 7. A 25foot deeded road from the Paris andTortli Middletown pike back to theresidence is provided in the sale arrangements. These close in tracts ofland should attract dozens of farmbuyers. Read the advertisement onanother page. For particulars, apply toHARRIS & SPEAKES, Agents.(oct-3-2t) Paris, Ky.o?ARIS NEWSBOYS SEE BILLHART IN THE ELESH.When the Louisville & Nashvilletrain from Cincinnati pulled up atthe Tenth street passenger station inthis city Saturday a passenger stuckiis head out of the window and called to a Paris newsboy to bring him apaper. The, boy had the thrill of hislife when he recognized the featuresof the favorite movie screen actor.William S. Hart, who was en route toanother place in the State.Dropping his bundle of papers hegave a yell of delight which summoned a number of other boys to thescene. With "them Mr. Hart held'brief reception, and seemed to enjoythe situation jto the very fulest. .Theooys told him of their admiration forMm, and s Jtfce train pulled out gYmm & rousing caeer.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mrs. Laura Hart, of Paris, is aguest at the home of Mrs. CharlesHagan, in Winchester.Squire L. J. Fretwell will leavenext week to spend the coming winter in St. Petersburg, Florida.Mrs. B. F. Dorsey, of Mt. Sterling, is a guest at the home of Mrs.Charles Hukill, on Mt. Airy avenue.Miss Madge Taylor was theweek-end guest of Miss Ruth Nowlin,at Kentucky Female College, Midway. Mr. and TMrs. Thomas I. Willshave returned to Winchester after avisit to relatives in Paris and thecounty.Mrs. Joe B. Smith has returnedfrom Martinsville, Indiana, whereshe was a guest for a week at thuHome Lawn Hotel.Mrs. White Varden and daughter, Mildred, are expected home tomorrow from Saundersville, RhodeIsland, where they have spent thesummer.Rev. W. E. Ellis, Walter S.Meng and George Clayton have returned from Des Moines, Iowa wherethey attended the National SwineBreeders' show.' Mrs. George Hines, returning toher home in Covington from a visitto her parents, Mr. and Mrs. John P.Conway, in Winchester, stopped overin Paris for a visit to friends.Mrs. Lyda Lloyd, of Masoncounty, and Mrs. C. 0. Pickett, ofOmaha, Neb., are guests of Mrs.Wm. B. Woodford, at her homethe Winchester pike, near Paris.onPolice Commissioner FrederickA. Wallis, of New York City, whocame to Paris on a ten-day's' business and social trip, was recalled to.New York on business by a telegram. Mr. George R. Davis and daughter, Mrs. Wm. Swearengen, left Sunday for Carthage, Ohio, in responseto a message stating that Mrs. Swearengen's husband was at the point ofdeath there.Miss Mary Louise Clendenin,who is attending school at the Kentucky College for Women, in Danville, spent the week-end in Paris asguest of her parents, Mr. and Mrs.ROy F. Clendenin.Mrs. Maria Lyons has returnedfrom Indianapolis, where she wentto attend the funeral arid burial ofher nephew, George Feeney. Mr.Feeney formerly resided in Paris.He leave a widow and four children,two sons and two daughters.Mr. and Mrs. Solomon Spears,of Columbia, Missouri, are guests oftheir niece, Mrs. J. Taylor Sharrard,and Rev. Sharrard, of South Mainstreet. Mr. and Mrs. Spears are former Parisians, and find great pleasure in renewing friendships of thelong ago.Miss Mary Dan Harbeson, thesweet-voiced soloist of the Presbyterian church choir, in this city, is assisting in a revival meeting beingheld in the Presbyterian church, inDanville. The Danville papers accord Miss Harbeson high praise forher beautiful solos.Miss Elizabeth Roff, head of theLatin department in the Paris HighSchool, has been appointed Deputyover the Delta Delta Delta, of whichshe is an alumnae from Transylvania University. Miss Roff's dutieswill be largely advisory, visiting thefraternities in the Middle West. TheDelta Province includes chapters intwenty-six leading colleges in theUnited States.Danville Messenger: "Miss JuliaDurham returned yesterday fromParis, where she has been spendingseveral days .... Dr. Russell preacheda remarkably strong sermon at theSecond Presbyterian church lastnight to a large congregation, andMiss Mary. Dan Harbison renderedtwo songs with the artistic finish,inimitable charm and tender spiritual appeal that marked all her singing. She will sing at the morningand evening services to-morrpj."Mr. and Mrs. Martin Glennhave returned to Chicago, after ashort visit to the former's mother,Mrs. M. J. Glenn, near Paris. Mr.Glenn has been in the U. S. ArmyHospital, at Ft. Sheridan, 111., recovering from the effects of wounds received in battle in France, and fromexposure on the battlefield, after being wounded. He hopes to be permanently discharged from the hospitalsoon.A postcard from Mr. Louis Grosche states that he arrived safely atthe Mayo Bros. Hospital, in Rochester, Minn., and that he had success-fniiv nnRRpd through several examfully passed t-nrougn several exam -inations in two days. He stated,i i . i. j ilj n. TV". T4mrif? "Collithat he liad called on Mr. David Feldand Mrs. Frank Farmer, both ofwhom were looking fine, and enthusiastic in their praise of the institution. Mr. Grosche- closed by saying,"They can begin on me as soon asthey like after the Cincinnati Jtteaswin the world's series."The Paris correspondence of theLexington Leader has the followingregarding an .attractive Paris visitor: "Mrs. H. P. Lane, of Philadelphia, who gained distinction duringthe war for her energies in behalfof her country, is the guest of Mr.and Mrs. Swift Champ, of Paris.- T -. a -nrVinon V 1 1 o Vk O T A IS 1 TlVOTin-inent neurologist of Philadelphia, isia former Lexington girl, ner tamer."being John Winn Gess, a prominenthorseman. She is a yearly visitor tothe trotting meeting at Lexington.During the war Mrs. Lane was incharge of the finances contributed bythe Daughters 01 tne uomeueittujthe State of Pennsylvania, and -wasalso active in the State work of theRed Cross. It was mainly throughher efforts that the Philadelphiachapter of the Daughters of the Conlederacy donated. an Ambulance andflftincn for a hosDital in France. Inappreciation of her .service the;Philafdelphia chapterjresented her itnai ., .,l.liiind9o"eiJ,lur.dLlstiin.: studded-' HoInVVlfh diimonas. She was also eieciea (7.as a delegate from her chapter to thenational convention of the Daughtersof the Confederacy, which meets inTampa, Fla., in November."Several from Paris attended theconcert given in the Woodland ParkAuditorium, at Lexington, Sundayafternoon by the Royal Scotch Highlanders Band, playing at the Lexington trotting meeting.Mrs. Wm. G. McClintock washostess to her Bridge Club, Fridayafternoon, at her home on Pleasantstreet. Luncheon was served at oneo'clock. The guests were: MesdamesJohn A. Bower, Frank M. Clay, DenisDundon, Watson Judy, W. K. Grif-:fin, Frank P. Kiseiv J. O. Marshall,Charles May, Robt. Meteer, LutherRice, Wm. Shire, George W. Stuart,Thornwell Tadlock, Charles Wilmoth and Buckner Woodford.(Other Personals on Page 3.)oTOMY PATRONS ANDPUBLIC.THEWhen I first took charge of mystudio it had no skylight, nor goodlight of any kind. I got in communication with several well-knownlight manufacturers and made goodfor a, while. As some of my good patrons well remember when they wentnear it they almost went into fits. SoI again got busy against the prediction that my light system would bea failure. The very first exposure Imade had for Its subject a ladywhom everyone knows, and now I amconvinced that I have the most perfct artificial ligfct for my purposethat has ever been devised. I havehad letters from artists all over theUnited States and from Canada, inquiring about it.Through the courtesy of DaughertyBros, and George S. Varden & Son, Inow have the privilege and the pleasure of exhibiting in their show windows some of the examples Pf myportrait lighting," only possible witlfmy light, and in my studio. You arecordially invited to inspect these exhibits to-day and see for yourselfwhat has been accomplished with aperfect light, and what can be accomplished in your case.Very Respectfully,(It) A. R. JOHNS.oOCTOBER COURT DAY."Court Day" was a large affair inParis yesterday, if the crowd on thestreets could be taken as a criterion.Owing to the recent heavy rains thefarmers and their helpers could notdo much in the agricultural line,and, lured by the promise of politicsand the regular run of Court -Dayperformances, they laid aside thegarb of farmdom and the implementsof their calling and came to the cityin large numbers. It was said thatthe crowd on the streets yesterdaywas one of the largest that has beenin evidence on Court Day in this cityfor many months.There was considerable trading inlivestock circles, and a large numberof horses, mules and cattle changedhands at good prices. The boys withCnTanninp" outfit were on hand as-usual, and many plug horses that hadseen better days went irom one uwuer to a new home at prices ' notgiven out for publication." Merchants report a large volume of business and collections much betterthan heretofore. At the court houseHon. J. Campbell Cantrill, Congressman fiom this district, "addressed alarge crowd from the court housesteps, while in the Circuit Courtroom Dr. Ben Bruner, of Louisville,addressed the Republican voters ofthe county in thei nterest of the Republican nominees for -State offices.oTHE HINTON FARM LAND ATAUCTION, TUESDAY, OCT. 7.The beautiful 'Gilt Edge StockFarm, comprising 547 acres,near Paris, will be offered at auction in 11 tracts on October 7. A 25foot deeded road from the Paris andNorth Middletown iike back to theresidence is provided in the sale arrangements. These close in tracts ofland should attract dozens of farmbuyers. Read the advertisement onanother page. For particulars, apply toHARRIS & SPEAKES, Agents.(oct-3-2t) Paris, Ky.oCOBURN'S MINSTRELS PLEASELARGE CROWD AT GRANDCoburn's Minstrels, with the inimitable Charley Gano as the headliner and stellar attraction, pleaseda crowded house at the Paris Grandlast-night. The performance was areturn to the old time form of minstrelsy, and every number on the varied program drew "long and loudannlause." richly merited. The musical numbers especially were gener. g. applauded. Coburn carries ad buncn 0f minstrel people and6U . ... .! j.i i ,ialways gives full satisfaction to hispatrons.-oFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanAdministrator's Notice!. All parties knowing themselves indebted to the estate of the late Mrs.Blene Curtis, will please call andsettle with the undersigned. Thosehavine: claims against said estate- will present same,, proven accordingto law. for payment.PEOPLES DEPOSIT BANK &TRUST CO.(7-3wks) Administrators.Farm For RentFarm of 2 50 acres, with dwellingand tenant house. One hundredacres for corn, thirty-nve acres forwheat, twelve acres for tobaccothirty-five acres for clover, and balance in grass. Money rent? Tvvmua..A. jsuxuiut';, jPhoiwrfs:- -f- - Eris,jKy2t)IK1BeYouTheo4nd- unless youwear the trocksToseem loose and straight, the waists are round and the x-.sleeves tight, and to harmonizewith these fashions, the corsetmust give-the right foundation.A Warner is designed according to the new linesof fashion; that is with a slight curve at the waist,but varying in height above the waist, a very lowtype, not topless, mark you, but low top; Or a slightlyhigher bust.'Ask to see the newWarner corsetsThere is a model for your figure as there is a modelfor every figure, and it will shape according to thelatest dictates of fashion and with both health andcomfort.And please note that Warner's Corsets are guaranteed toM comfortablyand not to Rvst, Break or Tear.HARRY324 W. Main St.Lexington, Ky,-- - iThat'skick but tViewonvouYtVten come-"-Hewi'rVnTHE J.IEITHERPHONE 36: r ; r Motor HerseInaB bWhVMust: AcquireNew Figure!do it will be almost impossible toof the season. Even though theyPBICM $1.50 TO $5.00nod Vxqsu and buoarFurniture.qtf f5SS1lMrs. HomeloVer:Many people do not realize that when a pieceof'f furniture is WORN OUT it ought to beTHROWN OUT. It is uncomfortable, unsightlyand unsanitary.Our good quality furniture will last a longtime; will gjve you the best possible satisfactionand make you proud of your home.If you are going along making old things dokick them out and come to us ror new ones. ., Our furniture is correct in design and price.THIJY TON CO.- fPARIS, KtiFftfCKYInvalid.4EXBITfcFashion Iw mt m mhw r wtIx:iX'Ix-IM1vr1'-X". -fcN5Main Street fParis, Ky. xfg.-."--2r 5trii S-.SIXTH AND MAINT2, .'jjUndertakingES53Bfc.sXr ;uf-v--:-V;5W-j.ST.JC -.r?-W.x -J' .V7 ,'- w. s. - 5 c-4TUESDAY, OCTOBER 7, 113.THE BOTOBON HEWS, PAMS, uaixuCrT- ?"PAGE IXX-x. .'"--JS-35-t-i. mumm i i11&I rIfvTMWr1 , "i.Ay-i'T,j ;i .-H r.'xj'K os yjv-vvo vm?-!iVv s &!fcVSi". V7v "v. ,The FirstBottle ofGave. , SENATE0Writesr. nr "triTiTiTFVrtM- T"!nrrtTipr- aI TL&LRy.,17 Highland St., Grand It xxu-ijius, iiua.Entirely Free fromCatarrh of the Stomach"Peruna has positively done forme what many doctors failed to&a. I have been time and againcompelled to take to my bed fordays. The first bottle of Perunagave relief and while I alwayskeep it in the house for emergencies, I eonaldtr myelf entirelyfree from cutnrrli of the stomach,the trouble from which I suffered for so long before takingthis remedy."Liquid or Tablet FormSold EverywhereAsk Your DealerAOTS ON THETREATY.-CENSUS EXAMINATIONS VT0 BE. ttrt.T) IN LEXINGTON.Competitive examinations of bothmen and women for clerk of the Bureau of Census will be held in Lexington and other Kentucky citiesOctober 18, and November 15, according to an announcement made2)v George A. Bateman, civil servicesecretary.Those successfully passing the examination probably will be assignedto duty in Washington for the Fourteenth Decennial Census. - Entrancealaries will range from $8.00 to $1,020 a year. Reasonable promotioninay be expected. Applicants' agesmust be between eighteen and fiftyyears.o4INDIGESTION . tGOES, GONE!DETROIT TO KEEP 013) TIMEWHEN CLOCKS ARE SET BACKDetroit official timepieces will tickalong without interruption when theclocks of the rest of the country areset back one hour on October 26, inconformity with the provisions ofthe expiring daylight savings law.The city council under the termsor an ordinance just adopted has decreed that Eastern Standard shall beretained as the official time for thecity.Some confusion is expected to result for a while owing to the factthat railroad time and that thorougout the State will be one hour slowerthan official time. Detroit, however,instituted Eastern Standard time(some years before the Federal daylight saving law was enacted, ana usproponents declare the confusionwill be short-lived.oCATARRH CANNOT BE CUREDT JPape's Diapepsin" at oncefixes Your Sour, Gassy,Acid Stomach.""""-"...... .(,.Stomach acidity causes indigestion! Food souring, gas, distress! Wonder what upset your stomach? Well,don't bother! The moment you eat atablet or two of Pape's Diapepsin allthe lumps of indigestion pain, sourmess, heartburn and belching of gasesdue to acidity, vanish truly wonderful! Millions of people know that it isoieedless to be bothered with indigestion, dvsnensia or a disorderedetomach. A few tablets of Pape's Diapepsin neutralize acidity and giverelief at once no waiting! Buy afjox of Pape's Diapepsin now! Don'tstay miserable! Try to regulateyour stomach so you can eat favoritefoods without causing distress. Thecost is so little. The benefits soreat. (adv)With LOCAL APPLICATIONS, asthey cannot reach the seat of the disease. Catarrh is a local disease,greatly influenced by constitutionalconditions, and in order to cure ityou must take an internal remedy.Hall's Catarrh Medicine is taken internally and acts through, the bloodon the mucous surfaces of the system. Hall's Catarrh Medicine wasprescribed by one of the best physicians in this county for years. Itis composed of some of the best tonics known, combined with some ofthe best blood purifiers. The perfectcombination of the ingredients inHall's Catarrh Medicine is what produces such wonderful results in catarrhal conditions. Send for testimonials, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Props., Toledo, O.All Druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for constipation.(oct-adv)oThe winds may be tempered to theshorn lamb, but the naked truthisn't always so fortunate.oEven the high-toned barber cannotafford to cut a swell.PEACEWASHINGTON, Oct. 3. At lastreaching the stage of action in itsconsideration of the peace treaty,the Senate swept aside in quick succession Thursday 36 of the 45 amendments which had been written intothe document by the Foreign Relations Committee.The smallest majority recordedagainst any of the amendments wasik onrl ip larcest was 28. Allof the amendments consideredhad been introduced by Senator Albert B. Fall, New Mexico, Kepuoiican, and were designed to curtailAmerican participation in Europeansettlements resulting from the war.Of the nine amendments still tobo acted on, six relate to the Shantung section, two propose to equali7o vntino- nnwer in the League ofNations, and one would limit American representation on tne reparation Commission. In the absence ofa definite agreement for dispositionof these proposals, Senate leadersthought that the debate might extend for several days before anotherroll call is taken. S"Throughout the day's voting theDemocrats presented a solid frontagainst the amendments except forSenators Thomas P. Gore, of Oklahoma, and Charles S. Thomas, ofColorado. Seventeen Republicans,on the other hand, "lined up againstthe first committtee proposal to beconsidered, and most of them stoodwith the Democrats on all succeedingvn .oiia A number of them announced they were for reservationswhich they believed would cover thesame ground Without endangeringthe treaty.At adjournment treaty advocatesdeclared themselves to be elated overthe day's work, and opposition leaders also were claiming a victory onthe showing made for their amendments. They mustered a maximumstrength of 31, which, with absenteeswould be sufficient, they declared,to insure the treaty's defeat unlesssatisfactory qualifications are accepted. Thirty-three negative votes oni, -ttai vnn psill. thev Tiointed out,bllC J.ilCi iu" "J - " . ... lwould make impossible the two tnirasmajority necessary for ratification.There were only iour ron cans,all the other amendments being voted down by acclamation. The firstrecord vote stood 30 to 58 againstan amendmnt to eliminate theUnited States, from representationon the commission to adjust the German-Belgianboundary. The Senate went on record, 31 to 56, againstwithdrawing from the Sear BasinCommission; 28 to 53 against refusing be a party to the agreementsaffecting Czecho-Slovakia, and 31 to46 against precluding this countryfrom the Upper Silesia settlement.ohm si BigarettesThey Win You On Quality!Your enjoyment of Camels will be very greatbecause their refreshing flavor and fragranceand mellowness is so enticingly different. You- never tasted such a cigarette ! Bite is eliminated and there is a cheerful absence of anynnnlMRAnt cie-arettv after-taste or anv un-18 cents a package pleasant cigaretty odor!Camels are sold everywhere inscientifically sealed packages of 20cigarettes; or ten packages (200cigarettes') in a glassine -paper-coveredcarton. We strongly recommend this carton for the homeor office supply or when you travel.i&ZCamels are made of an expert blend of choiceTurkish and choice Domestic tobaccos and aresmooth and mild, but have that desirable fullbody and certainly hand out satisfaction ingenerous measure. You will prefer this Camelblend to either kind of tobacco smoked straight!Give Camels the stiffest tryout, thencompare them with any cigarette inthe world at any price for quality,flavor, satisfaction. No matterhow liberally you smokeCamels they will not tireyour taste IR. J. REYNOLDS TOBACCO CO.Winston-Salem, N. C.I5DEH-si sTHE UNIVERSAL CARThe Ford One Ton Truck is serving business.just as faithfully and economically as does theFord Touring Car serve all the people faithfully' and economically. The Ford Truck is a necessity to the grocer both in delivering goods andin bringing goods from the stations, docks andfrom the country. It is c.n ideal motor carbecause there isn't a want of the farmer orbusinessman that it doesn't supply in the. wayof quick transportation at a minimum expense.Come in, examine the Truck, and let us talk'over the subject,"RUGGLES MOTOR CO.16 Ba nk Row, Paris, Ky.CHAMBERLAIN'S COUGHEDY.BEM-R- ,-"JAMES STOCKY SAYS, "RAT COSTME $125 FOR PLUMBINGBILLS.""We couldn't tell what was clogging up our-toilet and drains. Wehad to tear up floor, pipes, etc.,found .a rat's nest in basement.They had choked up pipes wiih refuse. The plumber's bill was $125.RAT-SNAP cleaned the rodent out."Three sizes, 25c, 50c, $1.00. Soldand guaranteed by the Farmers' Sup-i ply Company..OCt-auv;O-LINCOLN DIVISION COLORS TO BEPRESENTED TO STATE...The colors and standards of the-r.ir.nnin TKvision. which was trainedat Camp Zachary Taylor by MajorGeneral Harry Hale, will be presented to the Kentucky Historical Society. These colors were purchased byschool children of Kentucky withsmall contributions, and when thea-.nvniTntinn took tlace GeneralttoIp rpniifisted that the colors andstandards be sent to tne nisioricaiSociety at Frankfort."THESE RATS WOULDN'T EAT MYBEST GRAIN." SAYSERED LAMB.It's hard to keep rats out of a feedstore. Tried for years. A neighboring store sold me some KAT-SNAP. It worked wonders. Gathered up dead rats every morning.Bought more RAT-SNAP. Haven'ta rat now. They wouldn't eat mybest grain when I threw RAT-SNAParound." Three sizes, 25c, 50c,$1.00. Sold and guaranteed by theFarmer's Supply Co.(oct-adv). nDon't bury your talent in a napkin. The people who are most accomplished don't always accomplishmost.oYou can't have too much of agood thing; still, we sometimes wishthe fellow who knows it all wouldforget some of it.This remedy is intended especiallyfor coughs, colds, croup and whooping cough. From a small beginningits sale and use has extended to allparts of the United States and tomany foreign countries. This aloneis enough to convince one that it isa medicine of more than ordinarymerit. Give it a trial and you willfind this to be the case.i . (oct-adv)FALLyWWWMMZSHOVINGOFHENDRICKS"THM SCRMEN MAN"All Metal Window Screensand Weather StripsHIGGINS MANUFACTURING CO.MAKERS OFWINDOW EQUIPMENTMILLINERYFOR IMMEDIATEWEARTWIN BROS.Department Store7th and Main Paris, KyWhen you think of Window Screens and WeatherStrips, think of HENDRICKS.When you think of Hendricks, think of WINDOWSCREENS and WEATHER STRIPS;His Name is T. A: HENDRICKSand he lives and has offices at264 Rand Ave., Lexington, Ky.Telephone 2585A card simply addressed to "Hendricks, the ScreenMan, " will reach him, as he is the best known screenman in Kentucky.Ninety-eight per cent, of the screens in Bourboncounty are Higgins Manuf acjturing Company make.Higgins- Metal Screens and Strips are recognized asthe best by all good architects.,i,Ei1GEOI::1W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.:i OPWOOD, STUBBS & COMPANYffr CUMULATIVE PREFERRED lJfWt r.mfi to assets and-dividends. Annual Sinking Fund payment of5?neiHlnlrle used to purchase Preferred Stock at not ovHi m4, accrued dividend. ..,, -;ifetningg for past three years have averaged over four time, dividend' xeiilTeiapnta on this stock.iJetJpIck aaaets equal $131 per share on all Preferred Stock, and total net' Mts uar$256 per share.PRICE 1H. Spci1 Circular on RequMt ;JAMES C. 1VILLSON & CO.- aiO S. Fifth Street, LOUISVILLE, KY.'ttSouthern Optical Co.IncorporatedManufacturers of Perfect-FittingSPECTACLES ANDEYE GLASSESKrjploks . Artificial EyesInvisible. Bifocal LenaHOMEKILLEDMEATSH23VealPorkBeefLamb4th & Chestnut StaLOUISVILLE, KY.It's the BestTo Be HadSPECIALSALEDetroit Jewel Staves. Rangesand FurnacesMr, S, E. Guinn, of the Detroit StoveWorks, is with us for a few days.Come in and let him explain to youthe remarkable performances of theJewel Pipeless furnace and Combination Coal and Gas Ranges.GET A JEW ELAND SAVE FUELT. W.314 Main St.SPICERParis, Kentuckya ! uiMflRGOLEN'S. . r J Send That Next Job of Printing to TheSanitary Meat Markets aur bo n New. Best Work; Wit PricesKTUESDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1919.QUI! YOUR HAIRNEEDS "DANDERINE"Check TTffly Dandruff! Stop HairComing Out and DoubleIts Beauty.TEA, BOraBOH HBW8, MRXS. XEftTITCRA Httle "Danderine" cools, cleanea and makes the feverish, itchyscalp soft and pliable; then this-stimulating tonic penetrates to thefamished hair roots, revitalizing andinvigorating every hair in the head,thus stopping the hair falling out,or getting thin, dry or fading.After a few applications of "Danderine" you seldom find a fallen hairor a particle of dandruff, besidesvery hair shows new life, vigor,brightness, more color and thickness. A few cents buys a bottle of delightful "Danderine" at any drug ortoilet counter. (adv)J&OHEMTIOlf 'aScehdment to. BE OH SEPABATE BALLOTSSupplemental instructions to Coun-'ty Clerks sent out by Secretary ofState James P. Lewis call for printing the prohibition amendment tothe Constitution on separate ballotsinstead of the regular November ballots. This action was taken by Secretary of State Lewis after a conference with Attorney General Morrison the questions that had T)een raised concerning the position of theamendment on the regular Novemberballot.Attorney General Morris suggested that the prohibition amendmentbe printed on separate ballots andthat instead of giving the substanceof the amendment as provided by thestatutes that the exact language ofthe amendment be used on the ballots.cnwy tLift off Corns!Doesn't hurt a bit and Freezonocosts only a few ctnts.HNE STOCK BABJT BUBNS.The fine stock barn of A. M., Shaw,eight miles east of Hickman, wasdestroyed hy fire with a loss of $4,500, with $2,600 insurance. A finesaddle hose, a quantity of wheat,hay, corn and implements alsohurned.With your fingers! You can lift offany hard corn, soft corn, or corn between the toes, and the hard skincalluses from bottom of feet.A tiny bottle of "Freezone" costslittle at any. drug store; apply a fewdrops upon the corn or callus. Intantly it stops hunting, then shortlyyou lift that bothersome corn orcallus right off, root and all, withoutone bit of pain or soreness. rTruly!No humbug!(T-tf)EncouragingBolshevismEverything that falsely encourages unrest also encourages ,bolshevism.Misunderstanding of American industrial organization, andof its benefits to mankind, leadsto unrest, dissatisfaction, andradicalism.For example, the FederalTrade Commission tells the public that the large packers had anagreed price for lard substitute(made of cotton-seed oil.)It reproduces letters taken fromthe files of one of the packers;showing Jthat such agreed priceexisted. .."But it failed to mention thatthe agreed price was determined at the request of and inco-operation with the FoodAdministration !.. Even the Department of Jus-'tice, in its unjust attempt tocreate prejudice against thepackers, has made public thesesame letters, with no explanation.How long must this kind ofmisrepresentation continue? Inso far as it is believed, it notonly breeds discontent, but results in injustice to our industry.Let us tend you a "Swift Dollar."It will interest you.Address Swift & Company,Union Stock Yards, Chicago, 111.Swift & Company, U. S. A.SOTBaiBf (MOST 01T-his SHOWSUMATRFCJMES OPTHE AVERAGE DOLLAIrCFIVFD BY'SWIFT & COMPANY'FROM int ur iwc.niANDffTPftODUCTSI CENTS IS PAID FOR THELIVE ANIMALit.ts cihts for labor ,2.04 CENTS REMAINSWITHsmntcourmA riwruCONGRESS COKEREES AGREE OHPHOHTBITION PROGRAMWASHINGTON, Oct. 3. BreLdmg a three week's deadlock, Senateand House conferees reached anagreement late Wednesday on theprohibition enforcement bill. Quickapproval of the conferences' reportis expected by leaders and the measure may go to the President earlynext week.The bill, which establishes one halfof one per cent as the maximum alcoholic content'' of beverages, waspassed by the House July 22, and bythe Senate September 5. The conference report will be acted on firstby the Senate and then sent to theHouse.The bill will be returned from conference without fundamental changesin its nlan for strict enforcementboth of the wartime prohibition lawand the constitutional amendmentby the Commissioner of InternalRevenue and Department of Justice.Provisions for manufacture and saleof industrial spirits and of spirits forsacramental and scientific use areretained, but rigorous safeguardsagainst manufacture and sale ofdrinks for any o:her purposes areprovided.The Senate conf fences, succeeded in retaining virtually eery oneof the 2857 liberalizing previsionsadopted, bythe upper house," whichcomprise 'mostly administrate features. The pT.i"ipal 'liberal"amendment of the Senate tj permithome manufacture of cider and lightwines, was epproved. as well asanother Senate amendment to extend applicati r of the constitutional nmendmen to the Panama CanalIn the principal conference dispute over imposition. of the "burdenof proof" in prosecutions, the Senate managers were successful, forthe bill agreed on provides that theGovernment must bear the "burdenof proof" and prove its case in prosecuting those ;who sell beverages byshowing that the beverages concerned contained more than the alcoholic limit of one half of one per cent.oWORK THAT TELLSPlenty of It Has Been Done RightHere In Paris.To thoroughly know the virtues ofa medicine you must investigate itswork. Doan's Kidney Pills standthis test, and plenty of proof existsright here in Paris. People who testified years ago to relief from backache, kidney and urinary disorders,now give confirmed testimony declare the results have 'lasted. Howcan any Paris sufferer longer doubtthe evidence?Mrs. J. T. Martin. 1024 MainStreet, Paris, says: "Kidney troublecame on from a fall and the resultswere very severe, causing me moresuffering than the fall itself. No onecan ever know what I went throughat that time, for I suffered awfully.My back ached and pained until It-hought it would break in two.Sharp twinges shot through my kidnevs and if anyone had hit me in theback with a heavy axe " it couldn'thave hurt worse. In one week afterusing Doan's Kidney Pills, I felt likea different woman, for they fixed, meup in fine shape." (Statement givenFebruary 17, 1908.)On November 9, 1916, Mrs. Martin said: "Doan's Kidney Pills havemade a cure for me and it has beenpermanent."Price 60c, at all" dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Martin had. Foster-MilburnCo., 'Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)oBARNS AND TOBACCO DESTROYED BY EIRE.Col. Arthur M. Henry's large tobacco barn, with his crop from fourteen acres, was burned near NeVstead, in Christian county. The lossis $3,500, with $2,000 insurance.A barn on Overshiner & Clark'sfarm, together with the tobaccocrop, also was burned. The loss was$4,000, with $2,873 insurance.. 0Business Poor in the Hamlets.Turnips "I say, old chap, what sortof business did you do with yourShakespearan repertoire this beason?"Carrots "Rotten! 'Twelfth Night'didn't see the second night; 'As YouLike It' wasn't as they liked it; 'AWinter's Tale' couldn't be continued;'Th'e Midsummer Night' was frosty:the 'Merchant' did no trade, and 'TheTempest' swamped us." CartoonsMjigazine. hfcAN AGREEABLE SURPRISE."About three years ago when Iwas suffering from a severe cold onmy lungs and coughed most- of thetime night and day, I tried a bottleof Chamberlain's Cough Remedy andwas surprised at the promptnesswith which it gave me relief,"writes Mis. James Brown, ClarkMills, N. Y. Many another has beensurprised and pleased with theprompt relief afforded by this remedy. (oct-adv)Too Cool for Comfort.The coldest place on earth inhabitedby man is Verkhoyansk, above the arctic circle, in northeastern Siberia. Thethermometer there drops to 90 degreesbelow zero in January, but 'sometimesrises to 86 degrees above zerojn theshade in July, dropping, however, tothe freezing point on the warmestsummer night.CONSTIPATION. -.The beginning of almost every serious disorder is constipation. If youwant to enjoy good health keep yourbowels regular. This is best accomplished by proper diet and exercise,but sometimes a -medicine is neededand when that is the case you willfind Chamberlain's Tablets are excellent. They are mild and gentle" intheir action, .easy and pleasant totake. Give thejn a trial They "onlycost a quarter.' ' f- (oct-adv)-,sr srW,HU Sam j ) i-w'jaaR.- fmCigb-'JiEr I September 2nd, 1919. The Navy tratra fSSJy 'gHKL . the Seven Seaa. fLook t Here is the globe spread out flat before your eyes. See those stars? Everystar shows where a U. S. Navy ship was cmfRSeptember 2nd, 1919.the Seven Sea.'"wre-The NavyDont you want to see the TiVbild?. v--rVt'-'-'h&iROMANCE is calling to you!- Strange and smiling foreignlands are beckoning to you. Shoveoff and see the world!Learn to "parley-TOo" in gayParee. See the bull-fights inPanama. See surf-riding on thebeach of Waikiki.Learn the lure that comes withthe swish and swirl of the good saltsea. Eat well free; dress weljfree ; sleep clean free ; and look 'emall straight in the eye British,French Chinese, Japanese;Spaniards, Egyptians, Algeriansand all manner of people.Come! Be a real man of theworld. See the world. See it with'apa-ithe fed-blooded, hard-workingthard-playing menNavy.theU. S.isSsMJSSS-I .Pay begin the day you joinOn board ship a man is alwayslearning. Trade schools developskill, industry and business ability.Thirty days care-free holiday eachyear with full pay. The food isgood. First uniform outfit is furnished free. Promotion is unlimited for men of brains. Youcan enlist for two years and comeout broader, stronger and abler.Shove off Join the U. S. Navy?If you're between 17 and 35 go to'tlie' nearest recruiting station forall the details. If you don't knowwhere it is ask your postmasterShove off f-Join the U . S .Navyl p-pppgJpjpjJHpjpppjpJppgWt1920Model K-47V"V&-'j dBuick Touring SedanTHE BUICK Model K-Six-47 body is of new design, lowin appearance but with ample head room. Top, windowcasings and -sashes are fully covered with metal, givingperfect uniformity in finish and durability. All doors arcproperly hinged and fitted with double latches. The frontseat extends across the body and there is a new-design,tilting steering wheel. The low seats give riding comfortThe interior is finished-in handsome fabric, without bindings, withdeep upholstery. Cold weather snugness or summer driving comfortare equally available by adjusting the three-piece windshield andwindows.The tonneau carpet matches the upholstery. The standard Buick instrument board furnishes every driving convenience and a dome lightin the ceiling illuminates the interior. The cowl carries two handsome side lamps.I InlSMMJHaH3LjiTbe Buick Model KSix-47WhM Better Automobiles Are Built BUICK Will Build Them)- . S14"n-.C.y9. BALL OARAGEFourth and Pleasant Streets, '. -&lsfc?"'.--yvt.:n-if.-r-&y.iJ'V.:- -.i -.----,-1: rais botjr&on jnwwf paeis, kejwcttV-".TUJ8DAY; OCTOBER t, It If. iFAGX EIGHT.''$-i r . iI!1w-111rALAMOAFTERNOON, 2:00-5:30GRANDEVENING, 7.-00-10:30aADMISSIONAdults 18c, war tax2c-20cChildren and Gallery9c plus lc war tax 10cDEATHS.V! f SPEARS.Following- a long- illness, duringTvhich she bore her suffering with a. Tesignation born of faith and understanding of the rewards that cometo those whohave fought the goodfight. Mrs. Edward F. Spears, aered- eerenty-nine, widow of the late Capt.Edward F. Spears, of Paris, died at- -lier home on High street, in thiscity, at 6:30 o'clock last night.Mrs. Spears had been an invalid fora long time, 'and her death, while- not unexpected, came like a shock tothose who knew and loved her. Mrs.Spears' death is indirectly ascribed. to the effects of a fall which she sustained some time ago, when her hipwas broken.Mrs. Spears was a daughter of thelate Mr. John T. Woodford, of Mont. . gomery county. She was a memberof the Paris Presbyterian church, towhich she was devoted. She is survived, by two daughters, Misses Mary, v-nd Elizabeth Spears, three sons,Catesby Spears, Woodford Spears andKeith Spears', all of Paris, threebrothers, John T. Woodford and HenTy -Woodford, qf Montgomery county,and Catesby Woodford, of this county, and one sister, Mrs. Wm. L. Yerkes, now residing in Los Angeles,California.The funeral arrangements had noteen completed as we went to press;. Jast" night, but the funeral will prob--.-ably be lield Wednesday afternoon.In the death of Mrs. Spears the' - community loses a truly Christianjwoman, one whose womanly attributes endeared her to all who knewier. To her family she was ever a. counsellor, advisor and friend andwas staunch and true in all her reJations to life.FEENEY.- Mr. George W. Feeney, aged sixty-eight,one of the best-known business men of Indianapolis, Indv died-suddenly at his home in that city,recently- He had been ill but a short" time, and his death was entirely unexpected. Mr. Feeney was-a nativeof IJtica, New York, where he wasborn in 1852. His parents moved toParis, where young Feeney remained"until he was eight years old. At that"time he was obliged to leave school,xind went to Indianapolis to work forhis uncle, Mr. John. Lyons, who conducted a stove and tin store. In1887 he went into business for him-.-selfand opened a small furniturewstore. The business grew rapidly-until it become one of the largest inthe city. For the past five years he"had devoted nearly all of his time tothe interests of the Columbian Insurance Company, and the banking business, the management of the furniture business being placed in theiiands of his son, Mr. Albert Feeney.l&r. Feeney was a nephew of Mrs.Maria Lyons, of this city. He is. survived oy his widow, two daughters, Misses Loretta and VirginiajPeeney, . two sons, Albert and Francis Feeney, his mother, Mrs. MariaMahan and one sister, Mrs. Kate'Hagerty, all of Indiaapolis.The funeral was held in theChurch of St. Peter and Paul, in Insdi&napolis, the interment followingan the Jloly Cross Cemetery.13 v ' SHROEDER.' ' - -Mr. George Shroeder, a former, resident of Paris, died last week atJhis home in Portsmouth, Ohio, after.-a -abort illness. He was a native of1 fc: :riilil&3If 111I ft HH1 itToday; TuesdayAnita StewartIN"THE WRECKANTONIO MORENO ANDCAROL HOLLOWAY in'Perils of Thunder Mountain'and Harold Lloyd Comedy"COUNT YOUR CHANGE"Maysville, where he was born sixtyyears ago.' He is survived by -Tiiswidow, three daughters and twosons. ' , i -Mr. Shroeder was a nephew of Mr.Nicholas Kriener, of Paris. Whenquite a young man he came to Parisand entered the employ of Mr.Kriener as an apprentice to learn thesaddlery and harness business. Bydint of application and a large storeof energy, he soon became a proficient workman. He remained withMr. Kriener for several years aftercompleting his apprenticeship, andafter leaving Paris was in businessfor himself in Maysville, and later inPortsmouth, O. He was a man of finecharacter and business integrity, andhad many friends here who esteemedhim highly and sincerely mourn hisdeath.DUFF.Mrs. Alex Duffy, aged eightysix, died at the home of her daughter, Mrs. C. D. Yocum, in Winchester, Saturday, after a long illness.She is survived by four daughters,and two grandchidren, one of whom,Mrs. J. M. Poplin, resides in Paris.The funeral was held in Mt. Sterling, with services conducted by Rev.J. J. Gilbert. The interment tookplace in Macpelah Cemetery.o .HEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSThrough the Walter Clarke RealtyCo., Mrs. Mamie Wilmoth, of Paris,sold her cottage located in RosedaleAddition, to Mr. T. T. Templin, for$1,100.Miller & Lilleston purchased ofMr. W. Ed. Tucker, Friday, the twostory brick residence on Pleasantstreet, adjoining the property of thelate Dr. Joe Fithian. Both residences will be converted into modern apartment houses.GIVES MEALS AND BEDS ASWELL AS. ADVICE.The religious work of the Salvation Army is but one phase of itsbeneficient contact with humanity.Within the last year the SalvationArmy has furnished beds for oversixand one-half millions of people, who,but for the Army, would have sleptin parks or in police stations.The Army annually furnishes(meals to almost 13,000,000 peoplewho otherwise would probably havegbne hungry. The Salvationistshave found work for 139,791 men,who, but' for it, would have beenjobless and helpless within the lastyear.The Salvation Army maintains 282hotels for men and women, 193 in-dustrial homes where men and wo-men are taught to earn a living; 119labor bureaus where jobs are furnished to the jobless; 117 rescuehomes for gprls and women; 31 maternity hojmes for the expectantmothers of the poor; 11 remedial institutions for the cure of the drunkards; -35 farms and. colonies wherethose unfitted for city life and workmay be taught to till the soil; 159slum-posts where the extremity ofhuman wreckage is saved for bettermanhood and womanhood. TheArmy also operates fresh air campsfor tired (mothers and their babies.,! v.,, .. 4.1 1 ..X--J.. i " Itvnu numciuuB umei less extrusive msitutions. Wherever there is a Salvati.onist there is a living and active .force for the upward movementof humanity.gggrggfegaggigf jgrsissggaggigTJhis Cresceniolaualking 7?fachineAnd 1 0 sfcSTnt RecordsDouble DiscONLY87.50m W havc Me finest line of TalkingMachines ever brought to Paris.Christmas is only a short time away;omein and make an early selection.HEAR THE DALION ANDPATHE MACHINESbrooks &Snapp 2)ntg Co.Tomorrow, WednesdayWm. S. Hart'. IN ;"Wagon Tracks"Alone in the desert! One man)a cowara ; one a muraarer; oneithe grim avengerof his brother'sdeath.Another great human dramaof the plains and mountains.Also LARRY SEMON COMEDY"Between the Acts"And Bray Pictographl MATRIMONIAL.L. . .A. A. .. .A. .A. .A. .A. A a. a a m. .Charles J. Young, of Danville,and Miss Lizzie Hughes, of Boylecounty, were married in Danville.Both the bride and groom are deafand dumb, and all questions and,answers were made in writing. Thebride is twenty-six years old' and thegroom is twenty-five.Announcement has been made ofthe engagement of Mr. Wills Jacobyof Paris, to Miss Ruth E. Chambers,of Indianapolis, the wedding beingscheduled to take place in the earlywinter. The bride-to-be is a handsome and charming young woman,who has been a frequent visitor inthis city. She is a niece of Mrs.Alice Harlan, of Indianapolis. Mr.Jacoby is the son of Mr. and Mrs.George Jacoby, of near Hutchison.He is a popular and prosperous fyoung farmer. He wasstationed inIndianapolis for several months during thev world-war as a member ofthe Vocational detachment on specialservice, and also served for sometime as a member of the Paris policeforce.Mr. Joseph W. Porter, of Washington, announces the engagementof his daughter, Dazey Moore, toCaptain Thomas Bullitt McCoun, ofFrankfort and Mt. Sterling. Themarriage will be celebrated in November. The news is heard with wide interest here, as both are 'of prominentfamilies and distinctive personality.Miss Porter was graduated fromHamilton College, and afterwardsfrom Transylvania, being unusuallytalented and accomplished. She tookleading parts in the Marlowe ClubDlavs .of Hamilton College and hadthe honor of substituting for Dr.Irene T. Myers in the Chair of Historv at Transylvania College, sincethen being of the faculty of the highschools of Winchester and Paris.Captain McCoun is a splendidyoung Kentuckian, with the noblerecord of having been in the war service in Europe for twenty-sevenmonths, the Aviation Branch, and being presented by the French Government with the Croix de Guerre.WOODS REEVES .Edward C. Reeves, aged twentyone, insurance solicitor, and MissAnnie May Woods, aged seventeen,both of Lexington, secured license-inParis, Saturday afternoon, and weremarried by County Judge Geo. .Batterton, in his private office in thecourt house. The bride is a daugh-ter of Mrs Mamie H. Baker, a nursejat the Massie Memorial Hospital, inI this city. The groom is a son of Mr.j an(j rs e. S. Reeves, of Lexington,!qnip newlv-weds will reside in Lex-ington.RALSTON CRAWLEY.Mr. John Crawley and Miss Stella Ralston, both of Lexington, surprised relatives and -friends Saturday by making public announcementof their marriage. They came toParis on September zu, ana weremarried by County Judge Batterton,in his private office in the courthouse, but kept the marriage a secletuntil the recent announcement.The groom is a son of John Crawley,Sr., residing on the Frankfort pike,near Lexington. The bride is an orphan, her parents having died several years ago. Mr. and Mrs. Craw-Ul.LjLlgfe,;?!!AI!Is."&Bert LytellIN"Faith"' The story of the regenerationof a young man through theI faith of two women.Also Vod-a-Vil Moviesley are making their home at thecorner of Broadway and Fourthstreet, in Lexington.oBIRTHS.In Paris, to the wife of Mr.Julian James, a son. Mrs. James wasformerly Miss Lola Mann, of Paris.Near Centerville, to the wife ofSquire B. Redmon, twins, girl andboy, christened Pearl and Paul. Mrs.Redmon was formerly Miss DaisyWilson.Near North Middletown, to thewife of Marion Johnson, a daughter, their first child. Mrs. Johnsonwas formerly Miss Julia Brumagen.INTERESTING AIT. NOTES.Mr. John Yerkes, of the Farmers& Traders Bank, received a telegramyesterday from Mr. N. B. Moss, president of the Lane Oil Co., of Paris,who is in the Western Kentucky oilfields, telling of the bringing in of anew well on their holdings in Allencounty. The telegram read:"Well looks good for one hundred barrels easily. Tell all theboys." Mr. Yerkes was busy yesterday afternoon and last night "telling the boys" the good news.oHAS BROKEN ARMWhile cranking an automobile,Friday, Mr. Reed Bishop had hisJ right arm broken when the machine"back-fired." He was taken to hishome and the injured member givenmedical attention.The Pope's daily average of letterslis 22,000, and these are dealt with, by twenty-five secretariesAlamo Night OnlyThursday, Oct. 9thOpening DisplayNEW FALL BOOTSGreatest selections of most magnificent Fall Footwear we have ever offered. Superior in . everydetail of quality and style, we have marked pricesthat must be a strong incentive to buy now.BE CORRECTLY SHOD t7iBNi-yilliLadies' soft, smooth-fitting Kid, inblack and brown, Louis or Cubanheel, W.-O. and other best makes. . .iiHiSchool Shoes For Boys and GirlsWear-Resisting, Stylish Shoes at Prices FarLess Than They Can Be Made.DON'T MISS THIS OPPORTUNITY. Have the children properly shodfor school with a pair of these, good looking and serviceable shoes. Seethem and compare prices.Growing Girls1 Mahogany Tan Eng. ftShoes at $$SfdMisses' Dark Tan Eng- Aj aa j a0 iAjish Boots at $400 and $3.49Misb&; Gun Metal English. Boots o iaat,.....r ,.......... .0.49Misses' an? hi7lren'g Qun Metal to AdBoots at:...,y,T,v w y&AvParis' Greatest Shoe ilercFTMUIfSUYraCTAlamo AfternoonThe Star off a Thousand MoodsNAZIM0VAin a Drama off a Thousand DelightsTHE RED LANTERN'The mystyc lure of the East in contrast with the roughcall of the West. A story of the purple forbidden city dazzling in its grandeur.ADMISSIONAdults 31c plus 4c war tax 35cChildren and Gallery 22c plus 3c war tax 25cGrand Opera House Friday, Oct. 10PRICES 50c, 75c, $1.00, $1.50, $2.00 AND WAR TAXSEATS ON SALE AT BOX OFFICEAND HER PERFECT 136" CHORUSJMFREDDegSAC siLviodm H THE OHU COttEOV CHORWA VERITABLE ARMY O HBOF FUN MAKERS HHSINGERS-COMEDIANS HH4 AND LOVELY GIRLS- JHKOrchestra carried by Company. Broadway cast of playersand beauty chorus. Captivating music. Good comedy. Carload off scenery. Stunning gowns. Forty poopla.See the newmodelscompare prices, andthe big savings affordedwill surely make itworth your attention.$7.95Men Walk-Over, dark tan, madeon the English or other lasts foryour fit, at;Men's Mahogany Tan- English'onoea atiJsh shoes at.??.Boys; Gun Metal English Shoesat ,., ,4 .,,T i r -ii ., it ,coys j,nn raetaiDAN COHENWhere Beauty and Economy Reign9thGrand at Night-Que$7.95$5.95,. . !.$3.49 and $4.50$3.49usee snoes j qqfc""F 'y?S wm;ri"-fffrJM.jtt.lag""" - r ?. x j.,c -.-.( -X.-JS T "-C ri. .& -HiJ w. -V.,J.Ji . 7.TL. . v-- -v-, 4w" s't -t-irr "r5r -r "-"Jf' Av-?i?v"iTttSi.- yz'f3?sLtv v .'ArlS!' 1- 'f--' ' -' J' ".- vt.4 -f, Vfc J-t-v. .-,. i rY'J-.JS3teJ.-,"eV- "-:-rj &f- .!'"HBaBaBaBBBa