THE BOURBON NEWSPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRP Y IN THE YEAR.1.1' iVOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JANUARY 24, 1919Hr5N4THE TOBACCO MARKETSFollowing up the remarkably goodBales held on the Paris market during the early days of this week theParis House of the Bourbon TobaccoWarehouse Co. broke another recordWednesday for this market whenthey disposed of a total of 310,565pounds-of tobacco for $154,473, making a record-breaking average of$49.43. The quality-of the offeringswas pronounced about the best of theseason. The bidding was very spirited. The crop averages ranged from$32 to $65. Sqme of the best cropaverages were as follows:Plummer, McMillan & McCarthy,6,585 pounds, average $32.10.Clarke & Bailey, 3,235 pounds, average $34.34.Caywood & Johnson, 2,820 pounds,average $59.52.Conway &. Clever, 1,945 pounds,average $36.78. vRussell Boardman, 210 pounds,average $39.95.Clark & Harrison, 2,210 pounds,average $49.24.Adair & Dejarnett, 3,285 pounds,average $30.78.McClintock, Collier & Ormes, 3,640 pounds, average $46.47.Woodford & Pridemore, 4,454pounds, average $43.56.Herbert & Webb, 2,140 pounds,average $43.91.Pluty & Webber, 6,790 pounds,average $61.93.Redmon & Booker, 4,130 pounds,average $59.09.Krister & Feeback, 1,070 pounds,average $39.34.Mrs. Hedges & Wagoner Bros., 4,750 pounds, average $59.10.Shropshire & Tebbs, 3,830 pounds,average $56.61.Layson & Dudley, 4,580 pounds,average $68.37.Wash Carter, 1,110 pounds, average $49.07.Griffith Sisters & Caswell, 1,495pounds, average $50.51.Anderson & Letcher, 2,745 pounds,average $62.93.Griffith & Caswell, 1,280 pounds,average $57.15.Carter Deevan, 1,075 pounds, arerage $36.67.Sennis & Deering, 1,895 pounds,average $63.27.Florence & Cravens, 3,780 pounds,average $63.10.Hall & Kindred, 5,790 pounds, average $33.10.Ross Bruson, 2,945 pounds, average $36.16.Wright & Watkins, 2,570 pounds,average $63.88.Caldwell & Victor, 4,780 pounds,average $61.32.Florence & Anderson, 3,250pounds, average $61.91.Clark & Ecker, 2,580 pounds, average $47.42.T. W. Current, 5,895 pounds, average $46.53.Caldwell & Johnson, 370 pounds,average $36.53.J. C. King, 5,175 pounds, average$55.10.Hurst & Goff, 3,100 pounds, average $42.21.Roher & Dwelley, 3,265 pounds,average $49.45.Link &. Brown, 3,295 pounds, average $47.38. -Anderson & Thurman, 3,770pounds, average $43.67.D. H. Butler, 3,775 pounds, average $54.52.Jones & Mason, 2,595 pounds, average $61.17.Caldwell & Taylor, 6,765 pounds,average $62.49.Ardery & Hay, 2,060 pounds, average $65.27.Redmon & Booker, 2,340 pounds,average $64.51.Russell Hinkle, 2,860 pounds, average $61.17.Hancock & Honican, 6,965 pounds,average $64.37.C. H. Gregg, 2,500 pounds, average $55.74.At the sale held yesterday hythe Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCompany a floor of 267.105 poundsof tobacco brought a total of $123,801.24, an average of $46.34. Thebidding was sharp and active. Thequality of the offerings yesterdaywas not as good as at other sales,but prices held up well. Some of thebest crop averages follow:McCray & Workman, 3,415 pounds,average $46.20.Collier & BishoPr3,510 pounds,average $65.88.Holt & Ingels, 2,900 pounds, aver-aSHenry Shannon, 4?445 pounds, average $43.55.Rash & Case, 6.610 pounds, aver-aSMfrto4& Sasley. 2.190 pounds."WW sSk I."" Punds- aver"aogeS& Summers, 2,010 pounds,alX M39Clay. 6.430 pounds.unnfnm & MttU. M00PTudrrriolmt05.060 pounds."&.&' Yallafcer, 6.555V0T,ST S.tK.510 pounds.B. Kto 1.2" pounds, aver-& Columbia, 3,200 pounds,N"SSSC&n. 3.790 pounds, av"Sfl? ft Wbome. 2.780 pounds, averafirtei5iones. 1.7S0 pounds, aver!e?deann & ox, 2.155 pounds.ThomM-fc ' Cunnin'gkam.-v3,200,;Akciago Ti ..-- ..REAPPEARANCE OF INFLUENZA.On the authority of one of theleading physicians of Bourbon countyTHE NEWS has been informed thatthe influenza, which has becomewidespread in the city and county, isof a light type, and that there isnothing in the situation to causealarm. While its reappearance is tobe deplored, there is consolation inthe fact that it is not likely to assume the proportions of an epidepiic. At a recent meeting of the localBoard of Health held for the purposeof considering the influenza situation, reports were received from physicians all over the county and fromthe Massie Hospital. It was deemedadvisable that no action be taken bythe Board, as there was nothing inthe situation to wairant it. 'Many persons are confined to theirhomes suffenng with colds, but theattacks are generally light and yieldto intelligent treatment. Only twodeaths have occurred in the past twoweeks, and those were caused bypneumonia, the first for some time.City Health Officer A. H. Keller asksparents to keep their children athome, if any of them have severecolds, and not to let them go to themovies or to the schools. He feelsassured that there will be no reoccurrence of a situation that (might beconsidered dangerous.So many calls have been made fornurses since the reappearance of theinfluenza in Paris that there hasbeen noway to supply the demand,and tne aid of experienced women isnow being asked. There are manycases, it has been said, where patients would be glad to engage the services of anyone, even if she can onlyprepare simple food or remain in theroom to give drinks of water. One ofthe characteristics of influenza isexcessive weakness from which thepatient sufferers, andmany of thosewho cannot engage nurses are unableto do anything for themselves. Anyone who is willing to go out as anurse, even if without experience,can be of great help in this emergency. Increase of influenza cases claimedthe attention of the Lexington Boardof Health, Tuesday night. It was decided not to replace the ban on public gatherings, but the people weregiven to understand that their safetydepends upon their personal carefulness. An officer for each anovingpicture show is to be appointed to remove each person who coughs orsneezes.BACK TO OLD HOldE.After a long residence in Paris,during which tijme they made anhonorable and' successful businessrecord, Adam Adami and D. Santi,who recently disposed of their business to Mr. Frank Burton, have goneto New York, from where they willsail on January 29 for their formerhome at Lucca Borga, Tuscana,Italy.Messrs. Adami and Santi will gofrom New York to France and thenceto Italy for a few days stay withtheir relatives, after which they bothplan to visit Belgium, France andEngland to see the devastation caused by the war. After a year in Italy,during which time both gentelmenwill look after their business interests, they will return to this city,to again enter business.The good wishes of a host of warmfriends follow 'them to their oldhome, and hope their way be pleasantthrough the repiainder of their lives.STATE TREASURER CALLS ININTEREST WARRANTS.Interest-bearing warrants aggreagting $1,500,000 were called in forpoyment by Sherman Goodpaster,State Treasurer. With the paymentof the warrants, the outstanding indebtedness of the State for the year1917 will be wiped out completely,leaving about $3,000,000 debt. Interest on the warrants cease January31. The warrants were issued fromJune 1, 1917 to December 31, 1917.Ralls & McKenzie, 3,935 pounds,average $45.29.Burke, Brent & -Snapp, 5,050pounds, average $32.92.Shropshire & Griffin, 4,030pounds, average $44.19.Carr & Hill, 4,965 pounds, average $59.64.Collins & Taul, 3,430 pounds, average $67.14.Wright & Moosley, 6,255 pounds,average $60.33.W. L. Blackwell, 6,270 pounds, average $45.30.Ritchie & Rose, 3,175 pounds, average $40.12.Larue & Mande, 5,645 pounds, average $36.22.Judy & Wells, 2,505 pounds, average $55.20.Henry Ingels, 5,410 pounds, average $41.06.B. Bates, 2,200 pounds, average$34 79.Buckner & Hutsell, 5,790 pounds,average $58.00. A .Grimes & Johnson, 8,910 pounds,average $52.21., -,Redmon & Wheeler, 8,995 pounds,average $62.95.Clay'& Tobin, 7,585, averageJ -1 COGrimes & Mrs. Johnson, 920pounds, average $48.10.Henry Ingles, 2,100 pounds, average $47.12.B. F. Conway, 1,400 pounds, average $60.40, '.-.;,Grimes & Butier,d,oo puuuus,average $55.79.. , , . .VjANCTARD OF- KENTUCKYTROOPS ARRIVE HOMEThe vanguard of "Kentucky'sown" division, the 38 th, which comprises Kentucky, Indiana and WestVirginia national guard under thecommand of Brigadier General RogerWilliams, of Lexington, Ky., arrivedat New York, Wednesday morning,when the transport DeKalb dockedwith 621 troops of the 113th Sanitary Train. The wounded and ill onthe DeKalb numbered 405. The organization was at Lepnans, France,when the armistice was signed.The transport George Washingtonalso arrived from France with 3,114officers and men. The troops includedthe headquarters personnel of the83rd division and of the 165th brigade of infantry of the 83rd; the308th supply train of the 83rd, anddetachments of other units. Thesemen are mostly from Ohio and Westera Pennsylvania and were at Lemans, France, shortly after the armistice was signed.The soldiers on the George Washington included 944 wounded andsick of the Army and Navy MarineCorps, 112 of these being liftercases.On the Italian steamship GiuseppiGerdi, in from Genoa were 498 officers and men of the Apnerican navalaviation service.$30 SUITS NOW $24.Your good judgment will tell youthey're unusual values. Come andsee.J. W. DAVIS & CO.UNIFORM RATES TAKE EFFECTON TELEPHONES.The uniform telephone rates established by the government, which areabout one-fifth of a cent higher thanthe old competitive rate in Kentucky, and a reduction of about one-twenty-fourthof a cent throughoutthe country as a whole, went intoeffect at midnight Tuesday night.The basis for the new schedule is aflat rate of five-eighths of a cent amile, with additional charges for extra service. The charge on any linewill be 5 cents for each six miles upto 24, and 5 cents for each eightmiles above that, and is determinedby the air line distance between tollpoints.The basic mle applies for "stationx i.,: t, ,,.. :,- , -iu biauuii uaji-., wuen persons maKe.toll calls without specifying thatconversation is desired with any par- tho Woman's. Club of Central Kenticular person. When a particular tucky, the Woman's Club of Stateperson is called the "person to per- University all of Lexington; theson" rate, which is one-fourth geater-, Woman's Club of North Middletown,than the other aunties. This is eoni Stftfl'-wAmoTins oi.ih of ntimntnn f.oputed op. the day rate, even if the'call is made at night. There are ad-'(ditional charges for appointments,messenger calls, reports on callsgiven (more than an hour after thetime of filing, and a reduced rate for"station to station" calls after 8:30o'clock at night.If WE KNOW HW1WINTERHAS JUST BEGUNAnd to be comfortable and warm you muttthe right kind of clothes. Our Suits and Overcoatsyou will find to he-excellent values for$30.00$35.00$40.00AH wool garments that will stand the wear and tearthat winter time weateer brings on clothing wornoutdoors.Protect Your FeetFrom Ice and SnowBy wearing Dr. Reed's Cushion Sole Shoes, madewith an invisible cork sole that not only makesyour feet feel comfortable, but keeps the dampnessout and protects them from the cold.$9.00 PER PAIRNettleton Fine Shoes in winter weights, calfskins and kids, $1200 per pair.MITCHELL & BLAKEMORENO ACCIDENT WEEK; SPECIALCAUTION URGED.Paris railroad men emnloved bvthe Louisville & Nashville and theFrankfort and Cincinnati roads, arethis week observing unusual cautionto prevent accidents during the "NoAccident Week," which has been inaugurated by the Railroad Administration. i General Agent W. V. Shaw andSuperintendent J. A. Morrison reported the men under their supervision as using . every precaution tomake a good one hundred per cent,record this week. So far there has, not been an accident of any kind reported in. the yards, the offices, orby trainmen on the road.Local railroad men have shownconsiderable 'interest in the safetysection of the administration's planto reduce accidents on railroads to aminimum, is the opinion of theyardjmasters and other officials.Throughout the entire system of railroads operating east of the Mississippi and south of the Ohio rivers,"No-Accident Week" will be held.Each employe will do his utmostto prevent accidents to himself or tohis fellow-employe. It is estimatedthat 230,000 railroad men will be affected by the campaign.It is the opinion of officials whoinstituted the campaign that accidents will be greatly reduced andthe men will unconsciously continueto maintain their vigilance to reducethe great number of accidents whichhave been occurring on the railroadsduring the past few years.SEVENTH DISTRICT CLUBSMEET IN GEORGETOWNTOAn invitation has been extended,and accepted, by the GeorgetownCivic League to the Seventh Districtof Federated Women's Clubs to holdits annual meeting in that city.The meeting will be held aboutFebruary 20 and will bring togethersome of the leading clubwomen ofthe State. There will be representatives from the following clubs:Women's. Club of Beattyville, the Woman's Club of Campbellsville, theWomen's Literary Club, Eminence,the Literary Club of Eminence, theEqual Suffrage League of Frankfort,the Woman's Club of Frankfort, thePrllAPp Wflmpn'e P.lii'h fho TTfsnt-!"" ... w y ,Teachers' Association, the EqualRights League, the Teachers' Club,Bourbon County Health League, theBourbon County School ImprovementLeasriie. and the Literarv Club, allof Paris; the Book Club of Pisgah,the Wednesday Club of Versailles,M. C. Club, the Woman's LiteraryClub and the Poets' Club, all of Winchester.IN THE SERVICE OF THEIRCOUNTRY.In the casualty lists, as reportedin the daily papers yesterday appeared the following:"Private Virgil E. Peterson, Ruddles Mills, Ky., wounded, degree undetermined ; previously reportedmissing."Private JohnGalbraith has returned to his home near Clintonville,from Camp Zachary Taylor, havingreceived an honorable discharge fromthe service. He was sent to Francein June and returned from thereabout three weeks ago.Among the distinguished guests in.Paris recently was Brigadier GeneralPenn, of Camp Taylor, near Louisville. Gen. Penn, accompanied byhis aide-de-camp, Lieut. McKenna,drove over fropn the camp in theirmachine. They were guests of Gen.Bell's cousin, Mrs. Robert Goggin, atthe Hotel Windsor.Yesterday was "get-away-day" atCamp Sherman, near Chillecothe, 0.,for Kentucky soldiers, when morethan two hundred boys left for theirBluegrass homes. Altogether 553men were slated for discharge fromthe service, over one-half of the number being from Kentucky. Severalof the boys are frojm Bourbon county.First Class Gunner's Mate ClayGaitskill, of -near North Middletown,who is in the Naval Aviation Service, spent a part of his furlough invisiting at Georgetown College,whehe he was a former student. Hehas seen several years' foreign service. On his return to his base,Gaitskill will try to get a dischargeto re-enter college at the beginningof the second semester.Lieut. Catesby Spears wired fromNew York yesterday to relatives inParis announcing his safe arrival atthat port from overseas where he hadbeen with the American Expeditionary Forces. Lieut. Spears addedthat he would not copne to Paris justyet, having been assigned to duyin the Commissary Department of anEasternr"cantonment.Relatives in this city have received a letter from James "Tobe" Ellis,who was renorted as haviner beenkilled in action, or missing in actionin France some weeks ago. PrivateEllis was reported as killed at thesame time of Japnes Cain, of Paris,was reported. Ellis denied the report of his death, and stated that hewas very much alive and hopeful ofreturning to the good old U. S. A.some time soon.Ed. C. Doty, who came to Paris afew days ago on a furlough from hisship, the Nevada, in harbor at Norfolk, Va was recalled to New Yorkby a telegram ordering him to report to headquarters there and receive his final discharge papers.Doty left for New York, Tuesday.He wired his relatives here that hehad been granted a discharge fromthe service, and would return toParis as soon as his papers were approved. Albert Dempsey is here from KeyWest, Florida, on a furlough visit tohis parents, Mr. and Mrs. Jas. B.Dempsey, on Scott avenue. Dempseyis stationed in the Government radioservice on the Florida Coast as wireless operator on board one of UncleSam's big ships. He has spent considerable time in the Bermudas,West Indies, and along the coasts. ofCuba, Hayti and Central and SouthAjmerica, in the work.The 159th Field Artillery, of the84th Division, which was stationedat Camp Zachary Taylor, has arrived at Camp Merritt, New Jersey,from overseas, and will leave in afew days for Camp Taylor, wherethey will be jmustered out of the servi pp. Anions: the Kentuckv bovs inthe outfit is Davis Patrick, of NorthMiddletown, who went to Camp Taylor in one of the first draft continent t? from "Ronrbon countv. Patricknrmi-a rw pT-IQ.-nrla in Pnri'c! that TlA XVfUi(back in America again, and anxious!to get back home.j Mrs. R. Davis Hutchcraft has arrived from Vancouver, wasnington,to visit Mrs. J. Perry Hutchcraftand family in East Paris. When herhusband, Lieut. R. Davis Hutchcraft, came East in charge of acompany of soldiers who. were to hemustered out at Camp Sherman, nearChillecothe, O., Mrs. Hutchcraft wasvery ill in a Washington hospital ofinuuenza and could not acccpnpanyhim. Lieut. Hutchcraft has received his final discharge papers andwill leave the service, returning nextweek to Tampa, Florida, where heTvill resume his newspaper work.Mrs. Hutchcraft will accompany him.. The Ardery Drug Co. has on exhibition in one of their shaw windowsone of the huge grotesque-lookinggas masks used by the U. S. soldiersin France, a mustard gas shell, anda respirator used in the trencheswhpn flerhttne- off a eras attack. Thearticles were brought to Paris byMr. John Ardery, wno is stationed inthe chemical department or tneEdgewood Arsenal, near Baltimore,Maryland. An old colored man, -whohappened up when THE NEWS manwas taking a squint at the masks, remarked, "Say, ;boss,if J wuz a Germant and seed 'them Amerikins acomin at me wid dem h6g-faces on, fSTATE MANAGER CONGRATULATES LOCAL WORKERS.Mrs. Frank P. Lnwrv nf Te -der whose able guidance the RedCross Christmas Roll Campaign inthis county, reached so satisfactorya conclusion, has received the following letter from McKinzie Toddof Louisville, State Chairman:1 January 18, 1919.Mrs. Frank P. Lowry, ManagerJ Christmas Roll Call,! Paris, Ky.jMy Dear Mrs. Lowry:j Again I congratulate you on thesplendid report from the Bourboat County Chapter. Not counting theJuniors you have a total of 3,384,I which exceeds your memhfirshin. nf.1918, which was 3,276 and placesyour county on tne Honor Roll. Iwant you to express my appreciationto your co-workers. I am not disappointed, I am delighted.I suggest that you turn the ? 91.00taken for Junior members over tothe treasurer of the Red Cross Chapter and have him deposit it in thebank separate fropi the chapterfunds.The $59.75 you sent to ClevelandI take it was from the life member,the two contributing and the three1 masrazines.Again thanking you, and withDest wisnes, I am,Yours very truly,MacKENZIE R. TODD,Manager Christmas Roll Call ForKentucky.KENTUCKY BANKERS SELECTOFFICERS FOR 1919.Harry G. Smith, of Glaserow. wasselected as secretary of the KentuckyBankers' Association at a meeting inSeelbach leather room, in Louisville.Mr. Smith is cashier of the First National Bank at Glasgow, and willestablish himself in Louisville Immediately, taking over the headquartersof the organization in the Paul Jonesbuilding there. Mr. Smith succeedsJ. C. Cardwell, who has served twoterms as secretary.The members of the executivecorafmitte again selected Louisville asthe convention city for the next annual meeting, which will be thetwenty-seventh held by the organization. The time of the meeting was jleft to the discretion of the program,committee, which includes PresidentE. T. Franks, of Owensboro; Mr.Cardwell and Secretary Smith. Themeeting probably will be held theearly part of September.Chairman N. S. Calhoun, Maysville; W. H. Courtney, Whitesburg;O. T. Trent, Elizabethtown; C. D.Minor, Perry ville; C. W. SimrallCovington; E. T. Hambrick. Georgetown; E. L. Fountine, Brandenburg; Charles H. Ellis, Sturgis andH. D. Oimsby, Louisville, were themembers of the executive committeeat the meeting. The only absentmember was J. T. Reynolds, ofGreenville.ARMY OFFICERS SAY FOODPRICES TO GO SKY HIGHHigher food prices next year areanticipated by army officials, who,in asking Congress for appropriations for food 'purchases, disclosedthat they had allowed for a ten-per-cent increase in the year beginning next July."When the Food Administrationceases to function and all Its restrictions are removed, prices will gosky high," declared Lieutenant" Colonel Adams, of the Quartermaster'sCorps, before the House MilitaryCommitee hearings on the army appropriation bill.An arjmy ration food for one manfor one day now costs the Government 48 cents. Colonel Adams saidappropriations has been asked for ona basis of 53 cents.I'd turn tail and run so derned fastdat even dem big shells couldn'tkitch pne."Private Isaac Eurove, formerly ofParis, wrote recently tcr his relative,Jake Elvove, from France, sayingthat he had just heard the last irunfired in the great war. The letter -waswritten in the trenches on theday the armistice was signed. 4With the amendments authorizingthe payment of thirty days pay andfive cents a mile traveling expenseshome to discharged officers and enlisted men, the Senate passed andsent to conference House bill topermit soldiers to retain their uniforms. A provision for bonuses ofthirty days' pay is attached to thewar revenue bill, now in conference.Ensign J. Monroe Sweeney, stationed In the aviation service atHapnpton Roads, Va., is in Paris -ona furlough of ten days, for a ; visitto his mother, Mrs. John S. Sweeney,on Higgins avenue. The aviationuniform, as displayed on "Punka"manly form is about the nattiest ofany in the service.- Private Edward Woods has returned to his home in this city fromCamp Shelby, at Hattiesburg, Miss.,where he has been stationed. In theservice for several months.' Woodswas promoted sometime ago to theposition of regimantal jclerk .. in theQuartermaster's Department at thecamp. He has received his "fimaldischarge papers, and will remain ia.Paris. v ' 'rvr AGE TWOTHE BOUBBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, JANUARY 24, 191.SHE BOURBON NEWSEstablished 188137 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and PridayFar Year.. $2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Adavance.iWUT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.gBntered at the Paris, Kentucky,Poctofiice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)Any erroneous reflection upon theMutracter, standing or reputation offcay person, firm or corporation whichpMLj appear in the columns ot THEBOURBON NEWS will be gladly corpftoted If brought to attention of theiitor. 'ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, 51.00 perInch for first time; 50 cents per inchaoh subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach Issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemeats and yearly contracts.tfhe right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or otherlatter for publication.Announcements for political officesMust invariably be accompanied bythe 'cash.EDITORIAL MUSINGS.Mr. and Mrs. Hoover, For Instance!Several weeks ago a customer inquired the price of eggs at the bestgrocery in "Washington. "One dollar and ten cents a dozen," repliedthe clerk. "Whew," was the response, "you had better not letHoover know about that." "Oh, butMr Hoover buys these eggs, here,"returned the clerk. Good Al hen-3 were selling in the regular markets at around eighty cents at thetii&3, which is unquestionably apjelty good price for eggs but theywere not "sterile eggs, guaranteedabsolutely fresh laid," the kindHoover preferred for his own table;and the kind man yothers demandregularly, as evidenced by the factthat the same store has difficulty ingetting enough of this brand of eggsto supply their trade and that tradehas the extravagant egg habit, whichadds two cents or more to the priceof -each egg. Mr. Hoover, the apostle of thrift in food, bought theseexpensive eggs.At about the same time Mrs.Hoover told an audience of Washington's most intelligent women tobuy chickens and turkeys for theirtaubJes, in place of other meats, urging that it was not practical toship dressed fowls to Europe, andthat the other meats should be sentacross the ocean to soldiers. Thefood she advised for her hearers wasthe more expensive kind. Mrs.Hoover has a reputation quite individual from that of her husband as Ian apostle of thrift in the kitchen.On the face of the stories both Mr.and Mrs. Hoover might be accused ofhaving expensive views, but eitherone of them could doubtless presentsound and convincing argumentsthat would resolve conclusions in favor of r their personal positions concerning eggs, chickens and turkeys.Will GoTernnient Win Victories oft ' Peace?There is a belief that young menare required for war, and old menfor counsel. Four million of theformer have won the. victories ofwar. Now the next job is up to thecounselors.- The problems of peacecall for the same valor and couragethat have been displayed so splendidly in war.- As we observe theprogress of events from the viewpoint of -the National Capital, thequestion becomes uppermost: Willthe country insist that its Government-meetthe problems of regulating its expenditures, adjusting itsmoral and industrial obligations, andin carrying out the further task ofputting its own house in order? Ifthe victories of peace are to be secured the Federal ttovernment,States and -municipalities must havealready program for highways, rivers and harbors, and industrial improvements that -will insure againstunemployment. Secretary Lane istrying to make the "back to thefarm" idea an actuality but Congress lingers and loiters as to itsCourse. The woozy, wierd, do-nothingpolicy of letting railroads, public utilities, power problems, and thegreat railroad express interestsstruggle and groan under methodsthat a-ra as much out of date as "bluelaws," must give place to constructive, Ted-blooded action that will permit'-these institutions to proceedalong a policy of "live and let live."Government must be unafraid of doing its duty toward great industriesduring the times of peace, whentheir every facility is not to be regarded as an essential in plans towitt a war. Reconstruction is a panacea as much needed for America asfor Europe, and under its broadbranches employers and employeescan doubtless agree among themselves, if they can only secure a con-crete, definite understanding to theeffect that industry and commercewill receive the full measure of protection which the democratic Government boasts that it keeps in storefor all its citizens.Pranklin Versus Burleson.At a recent National Press Clubaffair the riddle was propounded:"Why is Mr. Burleson different fromBenjamin Franklin?" The answerwas: "Because Franklin started thepostoffice and Burleson finished it!"That represents the unanimous opinion of the Postmaster General, inthe National Capital. A few weeksago the trans-Atlantic cable peoplewere quarreling with Mr. Burlesonand now the telegraphers' unioncharges that "as a representative ofthe United States Government Mr.Burleson has not so far been as goodas his word."Through all the stormy days sincethe beginning of the war the Capitalhas been ringing with the echoes ofpeculiar conditions in the PostofficeDepartment. The idea that democracy was to be secured through representative measures has found itsoutlet in the suppression of radicalnewspapers, and experiments ofdoubtful value in the mail service.Unsupported Mr. Burleson's policiescouldn't last a week; but he hashung his schemes onto the tail ofMr. McAdoo's kite and whateverelse may be said of the McAdoo plans,it cannot be denied that the gentleman himself inspired confidence ineverything he undertook. SinceGovernment control has existed under Mr. McAdoo there has seemedan inconsistence in saying that thePostoffice Department proposalsshould be thrown down. But theCapital is responding to the demandthat appears to be gaining headwaythroughout the country that thegreat wire interests be divorced fromthe control of trifling politicians.With the owners of the propertiesapparently in agreement with theemployees, as represented by the international union of telegraphers,who claim that "the Governmentfailed ao keep faith," the Burlesonesque days of trifling appear to benumbered.Make a Lasting Memorial.With the signing of the armisticeit was natural that the thoughts ofmost people in this country shouldturn to methods of properly commemorating the valiant deeds of oursailors and soldiers who perished inthe battle of the great war that hasnot been fought in vain.It is the desire of every community and of every citizen to aid inmaking the memory of these splendidheroes everlasting. Some questionhas arisen, however, as to the bestmanner of erecting such memorials.City councils and citizen committees all over the U. S. are seekingsuitable means in which to honorthose who offered their lives for freedom. In a small town, where the totaltoll of lives sacrificed is not large,the people will also want a share ina national project. It is impossibleto conceive that there is a town inthe country that will not itself desire sopne more personal commemoration, in which the town itself cantake local pride in its heroes whohave perished.And many individuals who havelost dear ones will also desire somememorial in which they, and no oneelse, will aid in a permanent mannerto honor those who served theircountry in the great cause of freedom. The Shoulders- of Atlas.All modern devices are supposedlyessentials even though tfiey increasethe burden that rests upon theshoulders of humanity. The samenhilosonhv that welcomes twins ortriplets into the household extendsto all contrivances that representprogress, a hearty welcome. Whenthe Atlas carried the world aroundon his broad shoulder, there were nomischevious boys to stretch wiresacross his path. Atlas, the StrongMan, carried no heavier load than isborne by industry, as it walksabroad supporting the burdens ofhumanity. Prosperity, crises, depressions, fluctuations, unsettled anduncertain conditions all these haveexisted in our nation at varioustimes since August 1, 191. In consequence billion dollar tax measureshave become as certain as secondhand Fords in the "for sale" columns. If there ever existed a balance wheel in our affairs, it appearsto have worked off the shaft, andsober-minded men believe that it hasbeen shooting through space quitelong enough.Rebuked!Once in a while you read in someover-zealous paper an editorial orthe remarks of some politician seeking office that the last election wasa rebuke to President Wilson by theAmerican people. Suppose it was?Who were the fellows who rebukedhijm. Line them up in your mind'seye. You know every element thatentered into the Republican victorylast November and you know whata conglomerated mixture It was.Would the average 100 per cent.American be delighted to be classedwith the elements that made the deciding factor? Was it in all seriousness, in light of the facts, a victoryto be proud of?Due to the A. R. C, Americanprisoners are the best fed and clothedprisoners returning rooi Germany.Sheriff's SaleOFTAXES!Monday, Feb. 3, 1919,In front of the court house doorin Paris, Ky., about the hour ofnoon, I will expose to public sale fordelinquent State and county tax, forthe year 1918, the following described real estate, or enough thereofthat may be necessary to satisfy thesaid tax and the penalty and thecost of said sale. If any error ordouble assessments occur in theselists, please notify us so that connections can be duly made.W. G. McCLINTOCK,Sheriff Bourbon County.PARIS (White.)Broomhall, Cora 14.15Bishop, Elizabeth 22.61Collins, Bruce 9.43Doyle, Kate, estate 12.06Delaney, Cora 7.83Daniels, K. F. . . 40.96Gaines, J. H 10.56Haggard, J. H. agt. Nicholas 11.00Haggard, J. H., agt. Brown 5.71Haggard, J. H., agt. Ayers.. 12.06Hilton, J. W P . . . 14.12Horine, Kate 2.56Kendall, Nannie 6.15Lynch, Hattie L 18.39Martin, Riley 10.77Overby, Hazel 12.06Ogle, Jessie 2.08Peterson, Ballard 11.52Richardson, Thos 4.68Rudder, Virginia 12.06Snyder, T. J 18.39Taylor, Elizabeth 8.87Thomas, Geo. W., Mrs 5.64Williams, J. T., estate .... 8.96Walls, Samantha, guardian . 29.12MILLERSBURG (White. )Banta, Geo., house and lot. .Bishop, Wm., house and lot .Gaunce, C, house and lot . .Green, Ed., house and lot . .Linville, Wm., house and lotMitcheltree, Alice, house andlotThomas, S. F., house and lot7.795.346.614.754.758.384.50CLINTONVILLE ( White. )Bell, Bob '. . 18.02HUTCHISON (White.)Earlywine, H. H 4.27Godman, Millard 8.37CENTERVILLE (White)Leach, Margaret 7.24Smith, Elmer 4.27Slade, Ada 7.36Wilcox, Nettie 5.02RUDDLES MILLS (White)Claypoole, Birch 11.31Kiser, Lizzie 7.36Moore children 2.67Maharney, T. B., 5.44Shea, Joanna, estate . . . . 7.36NON-RESIDENTS.Brown, Lida, house and lot,Paris $ 13.23Cairns, Thos., heirs, land, 3acres 23.87Hanson, Sarah, 2 houses andlots, Paris, Second St., 3.17Hardie, Fannie, land, 23 acresCenterville 14.91Musseljman, Jos. F., house andlot, Pleasant St 19.41Martin, Jas., trustee, land 31.32Stephens, Mrs. E. L., houseand lot, Stoner avenue . . 2.03Saulter, Ed., gdn., 2 housesand lots, Main street . . 48.95Sprake, Bettie, house and lotWhite Addition 2.68Snyder, T. J., house and lot 9.93Thomas, Joe, house and lot,Lilleston avenue 8.52Wakefield & Moore, houseand lot, Wftite Addition . . t 11.04Young, J. F., land, 9 acres . .8.96PARIS (Colored.)Ayers, Nat, est, house and lotParis $ 3.95Ayers, Andersom, house and lotPans 6.94Buckner, Allen, house and lotParis 5.49Coleman, Chas and Sherman,house and lot, Paris. ... 9.50Corbin, Addie J., house and lotParis 4.48Clark, Henry, house, and lotParis 5.49Darnell, Leo HL, house and lot,Paris 6.46Dodge, Cassell, house and lot,Paris 5.49Davis, Hawve, house and lotParis 5.49Emerson, EdV house and lot,Paris 5.49Frazier, Chas., house and lotParis 3.91Fields, Maria, house and lot,Pans 3.91Freeman, Wm., house and lotParis 6.93Ferguson, Annie, house and lotParis -. . . 3.91Fields, Jim, house and lot,Paris 5.49Fields, Mary, house and lot,Paris . 3.91Fields, George, house and lot,Paris 5.49Gaines, W. A. & Co., house andlot, Paris 4.38Gaines, Mary and Henry, houselot, Paris 8-.S5Griggs, Watson, eat. .house andlot, Paris 5.85Gaines, Sadie, house and lot,Paris $.91Galliher, Chas., house and lotParis 5.49Garrett, Sanford, house andlot, Paris 6.93Hawkins, Allen, house and lotParis 5.97Hutchison, John, house and lotParis 5.97Harris, Allen, house and lot,Paris 9.81Johnson, Belle, house and lot,Paris 8-69Jacoby, Doc, heirs, house andlot, Paris 3.91Judy, Mary Ann, house and lotParis 15.87Johnson, Maria, house and lotParis . ..... 391i-JoTuison, Thomas, house andlot, Paris 5.49Jackson, Nathan, est., houseand lot, Paris. 3.41Johnson, Ben, house and lotParis 6.93Lanam, Pres., est., house andlot, Paris 3.91Lewis, Carrie, house and lotParis 3.91Lewis, Alice, house and lotParis . . 3.91Mack, Andrew, house and lotParis 6.93Moore, Steve, est., house andlot, Paris 4.85Mitchell, Mattie, heir, house ;and lot, Paris 3.91Mickens, Eliza, house and lotParis 3.91Myers, Wm., house and lot,Paris r . . 5.98Matson, Thos., house and lot,Paris 6.93Parker, Ed., house and lot,Paris 5.49Porter, George, house and lot,Paris 6.93Parker, Luther, house and lot,Paris 5.49Rice, George, house and lot,Paris 5.02Rankin, John, house and lotParis 5.04Simpson, Mattie, house and lotParis 6.30Stone, Brice, house and lot,Paris 10.77Stephens & Green, house andlot, Paris 3.41Turner, Forrest, house and lot,Paris 7.35Tibbs, Eliza, house and lot,Paris 3.91Thomas, Sallie, house and lot,Paris 3.91Thomas, Annie ,house and lot,Paris 7.25Williams, Amanda, house andlot, Paris 4.48Washington, Sarah, house andlot, Paris 6.30MILLERSBURG ( Colored. )Allen, Geo., house and lot. . 6.29Allen, Mollie, house and lot. . 4.16Maker, Sarah, house and lot 5.49Baker, Sam, house and lot. . 6.29Berry, T. H., house and lot. . 9.49Clark, Wjm., trusteee, Rosa,house and lot 3.63Clark, Carl, house and lot. . 4.69Clay, Geo. B., house and lot 6.29Glenn, Jas., house and lot.. 5.76Glenn, Dan, house and lot.. 5.76Glenn, Joe, house and lot. . . . 5.76Griggs, Lettie, house and lot 4.16Herod, Eph., gdn., house andlot 3.64Hedges, Joanna, house and lot 4.16Johnson, Maggie, house andlot 4.16January, Lizzie, house and lot 4.90Jones, John, grdn., house andlot 4.90Jones, Cassie, house and lot 3.63King, Frank, est., house andlo 3.63Mason, Geo., house and lot. . 10.83Porter, Mattie, house and lot 3.36Pindle, Chas., house and lot 5.23Perry, Wm., house and lot. . 5.76Robinson, M. J house and lot 4.11Sharp, Sam, est., house andlot 3.89Turner, Chas., house and lot 7.36WilBon, Smith, est., house andlot 3.89Washington, Henry, houseand lot 5.50Watte, Jim, house and lot. . 4.&5Whaley heirs, house and lot. 2.57LITTLE ROCK (Colored)Holton, James, house and lot 6.83Sharp, C. W., house and lot 8.42NORTH MIDDLETOWN (Colored.)Black, Ellen, house and lotClaysville 3.62Cage, Leela, house and lot,Claysville 5.76Duncan, Frank and Ben,North Middletown 8.95Dickson, Mary, heirs, houseand lot, Clavs 4.70Harper, Bettie. est., house andlot, Claysville 4.26. jt THEUNIVERSALCARThe Ford Motor Co. has just made theannouncement that for the present therewill be no downward change in prices.ill iiI Place your order now for a car and beassured of a prompt delivery.Ruggles Motor Co.Bank Row, Paris, Ky. jl"& fJones, Kate, house and lot,ClaysvilleMack, Robt., Jr., house andlot, KerrvilleMitchell, John, house and lot,ClaysvilleThompson, Frank, house andlot, ClaysvilleTrumbo, Amanda, house andlot, ClaysvilleWilson, Sam, house and lot,Claysville5.235.765.76n net3.635.76CLINTONVILLE ( Colored )Beatty, Jajmes, house and lot,Clintonville 5.76Biddle, Walter, house andlot, Clintonville 6.29Biddle, Dave, house and lot,Clintonville 5.76Brooks, John, house and lot,Claysville 5.75Evans, Will, house and lot,Clintonville 7.89Fields, Mary, house and lot,Clintonville 4.16Hickman, Lige, house and Ipt,Clintonville 5.76Jones, Mary Frank, house andlot, Clintonville 6.83Jackson, Clarence, house andlot, Clintonville 5.76Jones, Israel, house and lot,Clintonville 5.76Myers, Henry, house and lot,Claysville 6.30Mason, Robt., house and lot,Claysville .' . . . ... . .' 5.23Penn, John, house and lot,ClaysvilleParker, Christine, house andlot, ClaysvilleRiddle, America, house andlot, ClaysvilleTaylor, James, house and lot,ClaysvilleThompson, Georgia, houseand lot, Claysville . .Wilson, Orange, house andlot, ClaysvilleWatts, Emily, house and lot,Claysville6.834.164.705.763.636.304.165.764.168.42HUTCHISON ( Colored. )Brown, Arch, house and lotFrazier, Charlotte, house andlotVickers, Jas., house and lotCENTERVILLE (Colored.)Brown, Elijah, house and lotChinn, Ike, house and lot . .Jackson, Nat and Sarah, houseand lotLodge, F. & C. M., house andlotGriffin, Margaret, house andlotThomas, Albert and Mary,house and lotWinston, Garfield, house and-lot6.836.307.364.704.166.836.30RUDDLES MILLS (Colored.)Bell, Rosa, house and lot,RuckervilleBishop, John est., house andlot, RuckervilleCurtis, Eliza, house and lot,RuckervilleDodge, Annie, house and lot,RuckervilleFantelroy, Rachel, house andlot, RuckervilleGreen, Ed., trustee, house andlot, RuckervilleJohnson, Ann, house and lotRuckervilleJohnson, Julia, estate, house' and lot, Ruckerville . .Johnson, Warren, estate, houseand lotLawson, Harriett, house andlot, RuckervilleLove, Chas., estate, house andlot, RuckervilleMedinger, Mattie, house andlot, RuckervilleMinor, Jess, estate, house andlot, RuckervillePowell, Alice, house and lot,RuckervilleRusk, Ed., house and lot,RuckervilleStephenson, Wm,. house andlot, RuckervilleThomas, Allen, house and lot,4.164.164.164.703.638.954.163.635.234.704.164.164.163.635.234.706.30RuckervilleWanted at Once.50 white girls and women to select turkey feathers. All year work.very desirable environment. Opportunity to make splendid wages.1i -aLppiy uow .Biuiumg, zvx MainStreet, at once.(21-2t) FEATHER PRODUCTS.Furs and HidesWe pay highest prices for iron,hides, junk and wool.MUNICH & WIDES & CO.,Eighth St., Paris, Ky..Cumb. Phone 374.(23-tf)Business OpportunitiesLady or gentleman to represent uain Bourbon county to handle one ofthe highest class propositions on themarket. It entails a small investment. This proposition offers verylarge immediate earnings, with anunlimited future. Highest referencesneeded and a personal interview in' SSiSr ?? APP Jfj-ing Indianapolis. (21-2t)ATTENTIONAll 1918 accounts are now due.Those owing me are requested toplease call and settle at ONCE. Thoseaccounts not settled immediately willbe placed in the hands of an attorneyfor collection.(I4-3t) J. ELVOVE.FOR RENT.Store room, fronting on Mainstreet in Masonic Temple.Single room, second floor, runningwater, elevator acommodations, foroffice use or living apartment.0. T. BENTON,; At., Masonic Temple.GLASSESTHE INVISIBLE BIFOCALSlet us examine your eyes. Hoguess work we know how.Pitted byDr. Wm. Riley FranklinSuite 205-6 First National Bank,Both Phones. Paris. Ky.CAHAL BROS.BARBER SHOPPrompt and Courteous Attention toPatrons.HOT AND COLD BATHSfTBYPTOIfI . GLASSES I.9'V-TF' FRIDAY, JANUARY 24, 1919.THE BOURBON HEWS, PARK, KENTUCKYPAGEismr)MMERITONE FAMOUSNEW SYSTEM TONICNOW ON SALE HERELOCAL DRUGGISTGETS BIG AGENCYG. S. VARDEN & SON HONOREDWITH EXCLUSIVE AGENCYGAINS INSTANT SUCCESS.Pame of Meritone Sweeps Over TwoStates in Two Months' TimeMeritone, the new system medicine of real jmerit, is now on sale inParis.G. S. Varden & Son has beenawarded the exclusive agency forMeritone in Paris, an agency that isconsidered a prize by drug men everywhere. Meritone is the system medicinethat thousands of people in largercities are already taking. It is theformula of a trained chemist whospent years to bring it to perfectionand is a builder, strengthener andgeneral system medicine without apeer.Many people who had influenza orpneumonia are taking Meritone tobring back their strength and buildup their system which has becomeweakened by such severe illness.Many others are taking Meritone tocorrect an ailing condition of thestomach, liver and kidneys or tocombat catarrh or rheumatism.In its first two months Meritoneswept over the States of Tennesseeand Kentucky with such rapidity asto startle old and experienced drugmen. In that short period, remarkable sales were made in scores ofcities and towns and the name of thewonderful new medicine was made ahousehold word among five millionpeople.The only reason the makers ofMeritone give for its instant successis its real merit. Merito-ne is themedicine of merit that thousands ofpeople have needed and wanted foryears.Meritone can be obtained in Parisonly at G. S. Varden & Son's.(adv)Ii ETTEDC UDHM DnTTDDAW fflTTWTVSOLDIERS AND SAILORSiiI VMrs. Charles Sauer, of this city,has received a letter from herbrother, Private Alvin Thomas, whois a member of the Sixth Regiment,United States Engineers, with theAmerican Expeditionary Force, inPrance. The letter, which bearsdate of Nov. 30, is as follows:"Vichy, France, Nov. 30."Dearest Sister: Just a line to letyou know that I am in the land ofthe living. . . .Although I am writing this letter from the Base HospitalNo. 76, located at Vichy, France, Iapi only slightly wounded. Don'tworry about me for I am gettingalong fine. Will be able to be outin a few days. I have been reallucky, as our regiment went on thefiring line of the 15th day of July.I could not tell you at that time, asthe censors and the army authoritieswould not permit us to tell where wewere located or what we were doing.. .Vichy is in the southern part of "American Expeditionary Force."iSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mrs. J. M. Casey, of Danville, isa guest of Mrs. Betti Mcllvaine,Mr" H. F. Tillman, of Metelle,South Dakota, is a guest of his sister, Mrs. John Sauer, near Paris.Attorney Wilson H. Smith, ofMemphis, Tenn., was a business visitor in Paris several days this week.Mrs. Harry Booth is here fromLawrenceburg, as a guest of her parentst Mr. and Mrs. A. J. Fee, onFifth street.-Miss Emma Lou Scott has returned frofm a visit to Mr. and Mrs.Charles Barnett, near Taylorsville,in Spencer county.Mrs. Carl Crawford has returned from Louisville, where she hasbeen several months, stationed inarmy relief work.Miss Bess Perkins has returnedto her home in Lexington after avisit to her cousin, Miss Nell Mitchell, on Cypress street.Mr. Ossian Edwards has returned to Indianapolis, Ind., afterspending several days this week inParis with his family.Rev. G. R. Combs, pastor of theParis Methodist church, attendedthe Methodist Centennary Missionsmeetings in Carrolton this week.Mr. and Mrs. W. E. Patton havereturned to Lexington, after a visitto the latter's parents, Mr. and Mrs.Dan W. Peed, on South Main street.-Mr. Jos. W. Bell, has returnedto his home near Paris from Washington, D. C, where he went to attend the funeral of his uncle, Gen.J. Franklin Bell, at Arlington.Mr. and Mrs. J. R. Paljmeterand son, of Jamestown, New York,are guests of Mr. R. C. Palmeter,near Paris. Mr. Palmeter is salesagent for a large Eastern wholesalefruit house.Rev. and Mrs. George Kemperand two children, of Richmond, Va.,are guests of Mrs. Wm. B. Woodford, near Paris. Rev. Kemper hasaccepted a call to the pastorate of theChristian church at Memphis, Tenn.Among recently reported influenza sufferers are Miss Mary McWilliams, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Geo.France, and is a very pretty littletown, with ahont. ninetv Hotels, a lotof stores, movine nictme houses, and I McWilliams, Miss Saiah Bradley,pvati trnilv mtr nnH nil those th in ers I daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Jamesare free to the Yanks Well, Sis, i Bradley, Dr. M. H. Hamilton, MrI think I have done my part, andwhen that little boat starts acrossthe big pond I hope to be among thelucky ones on board, bound for thegood old U. S. A."Maybe we have done our part,Anyway we gave our best,Though a trifle slow to start,We came through with a willingheartNow when all rewards are due,Peering through the wintry gloom,This is all we ask from youAll we ask is Send us home!"With jmy best love to all, I am,"Your Loving Brother,"ALVIN."Private Alvin Thomas,Co. A., 6th U. S. Engineers,THERE'S ALWAYS A WAYAROUIO ANYTHING!From Detroit, abode of temperance,, comes the gladsome news ofthe discovery of a temperance cocktail. The news reached Broadway,New York, through the medium ofB. G. Koether. All that one needsto produce the new gloom dispelleris a small glass of grape juice anda little pellet of yeast.Those who have sampled the newthirst quencher, according to Mr.Koether, are unanimous in their testimony that the well-known varieties have nothing on the new one.After one snifter everything beccpnes rosy, and all thoughts of theSahara fade from the mind, in a joytinted mist. so-1CONSTIPATION AND INDIGESTION"I have used Chamberlain's Tablets and must say they are the hostI have ever used4 for constipationand indigestion. My -wife also usedthem for indigestion and they didher good," writes Eugene S. Knight,Wilmington, is. u. uotamaoie everywhere. (jan-adr)WOEK THAT TELLSPlenty of It Has Been Done RigntHere In Paris.and Mrs. W. T. Redmon, Mrs. Samuel Wilson, Miss Helen Davis andbrother, Hillary Davis.(Other Personals on Page 5)oKENTUCKY TO BE FACTOR INRELIEF WORK.When a telegram from the WarDepartment was delivered at thehome of Lieut. Robert Martin, atNew Bedford, Conn., recently announcing his death on the battlefront in France, the telegram was received by Lieut. Martin, himself.Lieut. Martin promptly wired theWar Department to correct the casualty report.To thoroughly know the virtues ofa medicine you must investigate itswork. Doan's Kidney Pills standthis test, and plenty of proof existsright here in Paris. People who testified years ago to relief from backache, kidney and urinary disorders,now give connrjmed testimony declare the results have lasted. Howcan any Paris sufferer longer doubtthe evidence?Mrs. J. T. Martin, 1024 Main St.,Paris, says: "Kidney trouble cameon from a fall and the results werevery severe, causing me more suffering than the fall itself. No one canever know what I went through atthat time, for I suffered awfully.My back ached and pained until Ithought" it would break in two.Sharp twinges shot through my kidneys and if any one had hit me inthe back with a heavy axe it couldnot have hurt wdrse. In one weekafter using Doan's Kidney Pills, Ifelt like a different woman for theyfixed me up in fine shape." (Statement given February 17, 1908.)On November 9, 1916, Mrs. Martin said: "Doan's Kidney Pills havemade a cure for me and it has beenpenmanent."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Martin had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)oBED CROSS CHAPTER HOME SERVICE SECTION.Five million yards of cloth, principally the khaki material which isthe mark of the United States Army,has been purchased by the American Committee on Armenian andSyrian Relief to be immediatelyconsigned to the near East, whereevery effort is being made to save4,000,000 of these people from absolute extinction.Besides this, an adequate supplyof needles, thread, thimbles, buttons, etc., in fact all material necessary to allow a thorough job ofsewing, has been purchased and willbe sent on the naval transportswhich have been dasignated by theNavy Department to carry relief supplies to the near East. This clothand the various supplies will furnish work and then clothing to theneedy millions who are looking tothe American nation for assistanceuntil they are re-established.Kentucky will be a large factor inthis relief work, but this State ispledged to raise $300,000 in the coming campaign, this sum being oneper cent, of the total amount to beraised in the United States. Wordfrom State headauarters at Louisville, where the Rev. E. L. Powellis directing the work, tell of growing interest in all parts of the Commonwealth in the big drive to bemade during the week of January26 th.QUICK REUEFFROM CONSTIPATIONGet Dr. Edwards Olive Tabletseince Dr.EdwanfepoducedOinfTlbJctthe substitute ior calomelDrEdward a practidac pkyiidia fix17 years and calomel' old-fame enemydiscovered the formula for Olive Tablewhile treating patient ftc'cfcrowc constipation and torpid liver.DrTEdwarda' CXive Tablet do notcontain calomel, but a healing, oothinvegetable laxative. 1No griping is the "keynote" 'of theselittk-wgsr-coated, olive-cotea tablet.They cauae the bowel and liver to actnormally. They never fecce thenvtaunnatural action.If you have a "dark brown mouthr nowand then a bad breath a dull, tiredleeUag ck headache torpid liver andare cooatipated, you'll find quick, ure andcoly pleasant results from one or two littkDrTEdwaroVOiive Tablet at bedtome.Thousand take te or two every nightjust to keep right. Try them. 10c and25s per box. All druggists.THE GIST OF IT."Last December I had a very severe cold and was nearly down jlckin bed. I bought two bottles ofChamberlain's Cough Remedy and itwas only a very few days until I asrestored to health," writes O. J.Metcalfe, Weatherby, Mo. If youwould know the value of this remedy, ask any one who has used it.Obtainable everywhere.(jan-adv)oTO SETTLE OLD DEBT.The Lebanon Enterprise says:"James L. Mills, a former wellknown resident of Lebanon, who hasfor many years been living in Unioncounty, is visiting relatives andfriends here. It is his first visit tohis old home in twenty-six years.Mr. Mills is here on an unusual mission. In 1877 forty-two years agohe met with financial reverses andONLY TWO MORE DAYS OF OUR JANUARYCLEARANCE SALE!Outing Cloth30c yard9 4 Pepperel72c yardPercale30c yardCalico19c yardLadies' $1.50 Silk Hose$1.29 pairChildren's 30c Hose25c pairBleached Cotton29c yardUnbleached Cotton27c yard35c Madras30c yardLadies$2.00 UnionSuits$1.39Children's UnionSuits$1.25-$1.39Jardiniers that sold for50c and 75c25c35c Madras30c yard$4.00 Crepe de Chine$2.79$5.50 Georgette Waists$3.49$1.50 Voile Waists89c$1.50 Lea. Hand Bags$1.2920c Scrim15c yard75c Cake Plates39c50c Cake Plates29cMen's $2.25 Overalls$1.75 pairMen's $1.50 Shirts79cO. N.T. Crochet Cottonlie Ball$2.00 Mirrors$1.50Granite and Glassware atReduced PricesEverything at ReducedPricesThe prices quoted above are good for this week only ending Saturday, Jan. 25.THE PARIS RACKET STOREH. B. CARR, PROPRIETOREDW. BUHKE. President.H. S. CAYW00D. Vice-President. JOHN T. COLLINS. Manager.Edw. BurkeSam ClavJas. M. CaldwellKobt. E. BeattyLuther StiversC. D. WilsonDIRECTORSJ. L. BentonW. M. EodcersA. B. HancockJno. T. CollinsS. B. BurrisA. L. StephensonH. S. CaywoodTHE BOURBONTobacco Warehouse Co.(Incorporated)In the six months ending December 31, 85,360 families of soldiersand sailors in Ohio, Indiana andienxucKy raeivcu """c . -, ""-" -7Red Cross Chapter Home Service . took the bankrupt law, filing his peri .: AinriiiTia- rt the RAm?-pn-' ftinTi in Louisville. The action onnual report of James L. Feiser, Di- his part settled his indebtedness,rector of Civilian Relief, Lake Di-lbut the debts were never satisfactorvision American Red Cross, in this "ily settled in his mind. He has beenperiod' the Lake Division Home Ser- successful and now that he is in avice Sections expended $185,459.91 position to pay those he owed at thefor its home service cases. ;time or ms nuanwai wuuuc ucMr Fieser's report shows that 358 wishes to do so. He has a card elseHome' Service Sections are organized ' where in this issue asking all thoseiyThc TAt Division and that five he is indebted to, or their heirs, toHome Service Institutes graduating meet him at Attorney C. S. Hill s73 workers have been held in tne office.'period covered by the report. 0o T.TrrPJarR flAHCELLED FOE SOMEWOKEN OF SEDEHTESY HABITSTTTm& Wttn onof Ittflo AYPrHP FTPYT UUiCU ttjjv & v,. w.r. j jjivuuoco ""'& kr.-ijt.i.. Ka miiVtlAri -with fOnHtlTVfV-i -rili tntrv "h ronnirpd of Armstion and indigestion and will find ana persons dealing in syrups, poul-ChaJmberlain's Tablets highly bene- try, fish, fresh fruits and vegetables,flcial. Not so good as a three or four canned goods, bread and other bak-mile walk every day, but very much ery products, arsenic, catsups, green1 .ii.- iliati s allrtTV ftiA KntTfilR to " nnA ooiicorro nnRlTHTK. Jind inremain in a constipated condition, the foods made from any of the fol-jThey are easy ana pieusaut iu u.c lowing commoames: ounucai,i most aereeable in effectr' Ob- broom corn, sunflower seed, beans.KINDS OF FOODS.Licenses have been cancelled and.tainable everywhere.ncia ririprf er.iins of brewers and dis-1an-adv) tillers haled hav. straw and animal. -o products. The order 'also affects therrhft American Red Cross distribut- dealers 'in sorghum grains, peanuts.led 200,000 flu masks among Apneri- sugar beets, soy beans, condensedcan troops in France. milk and all commerical feeds.Total Sales to Christmas 164,415 lbs. Average $30.97Average week ending Jan. 18th, 1,960,805 poundsfor $453,103.29 . Average $41.31For entire'season, 3,400,520 poundsfor $1,302,898.40 Average $38.30Sale Jan. 21, 274,845 lbs Average $46.90We Lead the State!It Will Pay You to Try to Get In.NEXT SALETO-DAY-vThe Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Co.""(Incwpmrattd)PARIS, KENTUCKYPAGE POTO, -ptTHE BOUBBON EWS,. PABIS, KEOTTJCKXFRIDAY, JANUARY 24, 1919.ftNOW FOR ROAD BUILDINGThe release of labor 'and materialincident to the demobilization of ourarmy and the slowing down of themanufacturer of war supplies, offersa golden opportunity for a programof road building more extensive thanany in which the country has everengaged. Not only must we makegood the neglect which our roadsliave suffered during the period whenroad construction has been officiallyfrowned upon, but we must go further and bring our entire system upto the standard of the far-famedroads of Prance.While we of ten-hear of the tremendous part played in the war bythe Motor Transport, we are apt toforget thajt this part was made possible only because France has asplendid system of roads not simplya good road here and a good roadthere, but a network of fine highways connecting almost every townand village in the country. Usefulwas this system before the war; during the war It proved the salvationof France; and now that the lasts"hots have been fired, the roads jmayjustly be termed one of the country'sassets in the work of rehabilitation.During my recent mission inPrance, I traveled hour after hourover roads which were maintained inperfect condition almost up to thefront-line trenches. I could not helpbut compare what France was doingeven in the midst of war, to the almost scandalous indifference whichour country, in time of peace as Intime of war, has shown toward theroad question. I cannot help butfeel that all of our soldiers whenthey return from France will demand that our roads be brought upto the French standard.Let us anticipate that depnand.Let every township, every county,every State, let our national government, begin to plan this very day tobuild roads adapted to the traffic ofto-day and to-morrow. I need notargue the economic questions involved. That good roads soon pay forthemselves many times over isknown to every community whichhas made investments in this direction. We have done our share to makethe seas safe for the commerce ofthe world. Let us -now turn some ofour energies, released from war, tothe task of making our highwayssafe and practicable for our internalcommerce. Walter C. White.WELCOME HOME, BOYS!THE BOURBON NEWS warmlyand gladly joins in the welcome tothe returning soldiers and sailorsfrom Paris and Bourbon county, whoare coming back to the old homeplaces in numbers. Every trainbrings them in, and they are a gladThe New York correspondence ofthe Louisville Courier-Journal hadthe following article yesterday relative to Mr. Frederick A. Wallis, whohas attained high rank in the business and social life of New York.bunch of fine boys, made better citl- 1 Mn Wallis married Miss Nanninezens and better men by the intensivetraining they have undergone. Andthey are glad to get back home, togood old 'Paris and the good oldcounty of Bourbon. Just talk tothem and ask what they think ofParis -now. They will tell you thathowever pnuch they may have"cussed ouf'the old town in the past,it's all over now, and the good oldburg looks like the best place onearth to them.Quite a number of the boys whohave been in the service have returned lately to the community, withjustilable pride in their service totheir country, which all their friendsand relatives and fellow-citizensshare. Many more are still "overthere," whiose return may be a matter of weeks and maybe months, perhaps, under circumstances, years.But, however long or short the timemay be, the hearty welcome of lovedones, friends and comrades in UncleSam's service, awaits them on theirarrival.Some there are, alas, who willnever return. These have made thesupreme sacrifice for the righteouscause in which they enlisted. Wecan never clasp their hands nor tellthem in words how proud we are oftheir courage and devotion, but weshall not and cannot forget them.I Their deeds will live though they aregone, and will ever be a fragrantmemory.oAN EVENT YOU CAN'T OVER-LOOK.Our Pre-Inventoryv Clearance Sale.You'd better lay in a year aheadsupply now.J. W. DAVIS & CO.A WORD OP ADVICE.MR. EREDEBICK A. WALLIS TOBE DINNER GUEST. -DAYS OF, AULD LANG SYNE ARE U?RECALLED.YOUNG MEN WANTEDYoung jmen, 16 and over, are eligible for government RailwayMail Clerks $92 month. Examinations soon. For free particulars,write Raymond Terry, (former CivilService Examiner), 1266 ColumbianBuilding, Washington. (21-3tpd)Headquarters ForT AClay, daughter of Mr. andThomas Henry Clay, of Paris:"A dinner is to be given on February 4 at the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel,in New York, to Frederick A. Wallis;one of the best-known ex-Kentuck-iansin the metropolis, at one timesecretary of the Kentucky Society ofNew York, and widely knownthroughout Central Kentucky. Thedinner has been arranged in appreciation .of the services rendered byMr. Wallis to the city as Fourth Deputy Police Commissioner, for havingraised nearly a million dollars toward equipping the police reserve of13,000, for assisting the Government by selling through the policedepartment over $147,000,000 ofbonds of the Fourth Liberty Loan,in aiding the work of the Liberty'Loan and Red Cross committees andfor work in connection with the contemplated raising of a million dollars or more for the erection of a permanent memorial here to commemorate the soldiers from New York, whogave their lives in the war."Mr. Wallis was in the insurancebusiness until several years ago,when he resigned from a lucrativeposition to become Deputy PoliceCommissioner, and during the periodof the war he has been veiy prominently before the public as the foregoing list of accomplishments willattest. R. A. C. Smith is chairmanof the Dinner Committee: JosephHarriman is treasurer, and Col. Jefferson DeMont Thompson secretary,Carter Glass, Secretary of the Treasury, is expected to make the principal address, and other speakers areto be Chauncey M. Depew, CharlesM. Schwab and R. A. C. Smith.George T. Wilson will be toastmas-ter."COTTONTwo Best GradesAA and 44Elk Runner Brand-3it IPARISRACKET STOREH. B. CARR, Prop.(jan24-3t)War Savings Stamps and ThriftStamps are as good as gold, "whetheryour certificate or thrift card is completely filled or not. The idea thatunfilled certificates or cards must becashed in before January 1 is absolutely baseless. United StatesTreasury Department.This notice was issued the lastday of December by Lewis B. Franklin, Director of War Loan Organization, United States Treasury, tocounteract a tendency to cash in WarSavings Stamps and Thrift Stampsbecause their owners had the ideathat only completely filled certificatesor cards would be valuable afterJanuary 1."Sold on to your War SavingsCertificates, whether you have oneWar Savings Stamp or a filled card,"advises Mr. Franklin. "There is absolutely no reason for cashing asingle Savings Stamp before maturity. The single Savings Stamp willgrow in value the same as yourtwenty stamps, and the Governmentwill redeem it on expiration for fivedollars just as it will redeem yourtwenty Savings Stamps for one hundred dollars."Thrift cards, even though onlypartially lied, are as good as ever.The Government will continue to sellThrift Stamps so that you can fillout these cards and exchange themfor the 1919 issue of War Savings.Stamps."The 1919 War Savings Stampsare now being sold the same as theold War Savings Stamps. The onlydifference is that these new bluestamps must be pasted in a new certificate and not used to fill out oldcertificates. The old certificates, ofcourse, do not have to be completelyfilled tov entitle every holder to fivedollars on maturity for every WarSavings Stamp in them."oLITTLE GIRL BADLY BURNEDWHEN DRESS CATCHES HREWhile playing near an open fireplace in her home near Georgtown,Mattie . Hines was so badly burnedthat "her recovery was for a whiledoubtful, and a small sister who tried to save her, was burned.The little girl, who is a daughterof Elmer Hines, was romping withher sister, Mary, when her dresscaught fire and was burned from hershoulders to her knees. She was removed to the local hospital.THE NEWS is in receipt of acopy of The Ventura, California,Daily Free Press,, containing thefollowing reference to a former Parisboy, Clarence Erringer, who hasbeen very fortunate in the fruit business in the Golden State:Mrs.vj "T. C. Erringer, whose youngerMays were spent in this county, butfor the past 30 years has been a resident of Chicago, was a caller to-dayon friends in the city. In speakingof the 'olden' days, he mentionedmany now well-known business menof Ventura and Ventura county.Mr. Erringer has decided to go intothe automobile business and hasleased a place at Oxnard. He hastaken the Nash line of cars for Ventura county. Mr . Erringer is a'live one' and he informed the FreePress to-day that he had quite anumber of exceptionally fine prospective purchasers in hand already.Mr. Erringer seemed very glad toget back to 'old Ventura,' as he hasa large acquaintanceship throughout the county."Mr. Erringer was badly burnedsome months ago by the explosion ofa gasoline tank while burning brushon his ranche near Fillmore, Call.,but is now fully recovered. His recovery was hailed at the time as awonder of surgery, the attendingphysicians trying for the first timein the United States the wonderfulnew French cure for burns, per- jfected by French and American sur- Jgeons during tne great war.o-o-UEAL ESTATE DEALS.The Fugazzi School. of BusinessWill ReopenMonday, January 27, 1919Under the Principalship ofMRS. L. D. JONESMrs. Jones was Miss frugazzi's Assistant Principal, and will carry on theH school along the same lines and highL ideals that were adopted by the-founder.IllirJThe Fagazzi School of BusinessII118 Nt Upper Street""' LEXINGTON. - KENTUCKYMr. C. L. Bell, president of theBourbon. Oil & Development Co.,purchased at public sale Wednesdaythe handsome bungalow on Mainstreet, belonging to Mr. and Mrs.Thos. A. McDonald. The price paidwas $6,100.Harris & Speakes sold Wednesdayfor Mr. Jos. Ralls, his farm of 114 y2acres, located on the Tarr's Stationpike, to Mr. R. N. Arnold, of nearLexington, for $225 an acre.Mr. Fred Estes has sold his homein Clintonville, to Mr. Harry Beasley,for a private price. Possession willbe given on March 1.Mr. J. T. Granagan, of Paris, soldto Mr. Wm. Bush, of near Austerlitz,his six-room bungalow, located onthe Paris pike, near Lexington, at aprivate figure. Mr. Bush will moveto the property in March.Mrs. W. Cecil Henry purchased ofMr. A. B. Hall, the Hall farm of 206acres, located on the Paris pike, nearthe Motgopnery-Bourbon line, nearSideview, for ?210 an acre, an aggregate of $43,260. Possession willbe given in March.Mrs. George W. Ellis sold throughHarris & Speakes, of Paris, her residence in East Paris, to James L.Shanks, for a price said to have beenclose to $3,750. Mr. Shanks willmove to the place about March 1.Mr. and Mrs. Ellis will move to theflats now being fitted up over theCash-and-Carry-Grocery, on Mainstreet.Phil Maher, of the Louisville &Nashville, sold this week to JohnBrierly a frame cottage on Brentstreet, for $1,750. Possession willbe given immediately. The cottageis well-located, and of modern construction. Harris & Speakes sold yesterdaya cottage on Cypress street, belonging to Mr. J. W. Larkin, the purchaser being Mr. W. S. Cantrill, at$2,500.The same firm sold yesterday ahouse in Millersburg belonging toDavid Cassity, to Mr. J. A. Butler,for $3,690.Mr. Charles, N. Peddicord .sold toJames Whaley, a tract of .nine andone-half acres of land known as theNippert cow lot, located just outside the city limits for $3,000.Seven and one-half acres of the tractwas cultivated in tobacco by a tenant, the proceeds netting $4,040.Mr. Peddicord as a result of the investment cleared in one year $2,000BH no 0001$ Ptre ooo-eqo iam noland.Shortly after the completion, ofthe above deal Mr. Peddicord purchased of Mr. Wallace W. Mitchell,a tract of about 6 acres, of land,a part of the Hall farm located onthe Hume & Bedford pike, nearParis, for $425 an acre. Mr. Peddicord will cultivate the tract in tobacco next season. He will getpossession in March.VERDICT OF ACCIDENTAL SHOOTING RENDEEED.The investigation conducted byCoroner Rudolph Davis into the circumstances surrounding the shooting of Charles Buss Kelley, or BussCantrill, as he was better known,l esulted in the jury returning a verdict of accidental shooting.The jury was composed of Wm.Cooper, foreman; John Chlsholfm,Harry Collins, Jos. Farris, W. R.Franklin and J. J. McCarthy.Kelley was shot about a weekago by his wife during a playfulscuffle for the possession of a revolver. The jury absolved Mrs. Kelleyfrom blame. ioEED CROSS CANTEEN WORlt"Red Cross Canteen work in theLake Division is keeping 2,300 workers busy these days," says a statement from Lake Division headquarters, Cleveland.Care for the emergency needs ofsoldiers, sailors and aviators on returning troop trains entails the serving of food, rendering first aid, taking care of the baggage and whatever special services the troop traincommanders request.During the past six weeks in theLake Division the 37 canteens inOhio, Indiana and Kentucky tookcare of 252,592 men. Fopd was supplied for 266 influenza cases, 16,353pieces of baggage were handled.Telegrapns from troop train commanders are sent ahead of the trainsto the Lake Division Bureau of Canteen Service. Canteens along theroute of the trains are notified andany necessary preparations made inadvance.oTO REDUCE MILK-PRODUCINGCOSTS.FRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSCLEARANCESALENOW GOING ONSpecial Prices OnSHEETSSHEETINGBLANKETSCOTTON BATTSFor ComfortsExtra Special PricesSUITSCOATSand DRESSES" REMNANTS OF ALL KINDSFRANK & CO.LLADIES' OUTFITTERSrSEEBEFollowing a study of practicalmeans to prevent the cost of milkproduction from raising to a pointwhe're dairying ceases to be profitablethe 'Dairy Division of the UnitedStates Department of Agriculture hasfound that four important factorshave a direct bearing on the problem. r By attention to these factorsall of WThich are within, the controlof producers, it was found that under Indiana conditions, which aretypical of the area supplying whole(milk in Chicago, the cost of production could be reduced considerably.The factors are raising the averageproduction per cow, reducing thequantity of concentrated feed givenlow-producing cows, substituting legume roughage for a part of the concentrates, and more careful handlingof the manure. The importance ofhandling manure properly is secondary in importance only to feed fromthe standpoint of net proflits.oCo-operating with the British government, the A. R. C. has spent$238,000 in caring for shell-shockedchildren in England.Quality Printing!Absolute Satisfaction is one of theRequisites of The News Job Printingm Jkiiriri rnini' J.M. m wm u - .-m -.I' if in ini i ii M TTB-4 TIREInsure withW.O.HINTON &vSON,AstsoFIRE AT LEBANON CAUSES $100,. 000 LOSS.Fire- at 4 o'clock Tuesday morningstarting in the cold storage plant ofS. H. Grinstead Poultry Co., at Lebanon, Ky caused a loss estimated at?100,G00. Three buildings on Mainstreet owned by the Grinstead Co.,burnea. The seed and implementstore of Lr. A. Collins and Powell'sgrecery, Cumberland Milling Go.were damaged. The Grinstead Co.loss was between $60,000 and $70,000, including 8,000 live chickensand 4,000 in cold storage.oFIrt, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford Bryano .r,wQUgh the Red CroBB.-2.212.431Christmas parcels were forwarded tothe American Expeditionarv FnroRemoval Notice.I have moved my office from thecourt house to fourth floor of FirstNational Bank building.(3t-pd) . JOHN J. WILLIAMS.WANTEDWgiite girls to work in laundry.Apply in person at laundry plant.No telephone calls.'BOURBON STEAM LAUNDRY.(24,-2t) xWANTEDWanted to buy second hand furniture, stoves, carpets and all kinds ofhouesholdi goods. We pay cash(2f-3t) j. ELVOVE.Dissolution Notice.Ttf& firm of Stone & Tarr has hminntually dissolved, as of January ,1,j.j7j., fvu.'otone retiring and .Mr.Tarr, taking charge of the business.All parties owing firmware requestedOpera HouseTwo Days OnlyMonday andTuesdayJan. 27 and 281 The World's Greatest Inventionmoving PicturesinVAUDEVILLEON THE SCREEN!Hear and See the World's GreatestArtists Sing, Dance and Talk.HEAR AND SEEGeo. M. Cohan, Al, Jolson, Golden and HughesEmily Leslie, Cal. Stewart, American Quartette!Billy Marray,-Grace and Foster, Doyle and .Mason,Billy Mason and others.SPECIAL ON MONDAYMr. and Mrs. Vernon Castle in- their greatest creat tion, the s Tango. This is positively the last pictureMr. Castle made before he was killed in this warCRlf ICS SAYMr. Thos. Edison and New York critirs snv haapictures are themoit wonderful invention., in elec-- Li:i,y, ui? yoioe ana picture being worked entirelyby electricity. JRemember this Engagement is ForTWO DAYS ONLYChange of Entire Program Each Day !Matinee Monday at 2 P. M. Night Performanceat 7:30 o'clock.Popular Prices ... 25 and 35cWar Tax MM ,A& -. -ni--mOverseas.(24i3trF) STONE & TARR.- & i ' - v f 4 .tiimnwiSFRIDAY, JANUARY 24, 1919.".-THE BOTTEBON-KEWS FABIS, KENTUCKTPAGE Hfl JIII&FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEFRESH CAUGHT FISHFresh caught Reelfoot LakeFish for today and tomorrow.(It) LOGAN HOWARD.A GOOD TIME TO BUYEither a suit or overcoat. Buyyour next year's clothes now. Whatyou save now will look "big nextyear, when you compare next year'sprices.J. W. DAVIS & CO.SOCIAL A1W PERSONAL.ncomings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Puraell, whoin new location.The Frick & Lindsay Oil SuppliesCo., which operates a chain of supply houses throughout the oil district, will open a branch house atBowling Green, in the near future.The store will be in charge of Mr.and Mrs. George M. Kiser, formerlyof Paris, and Mr. and Mrs. CharlesThompson, of Winchester.oIT PAYS TO ADVERTISE!We still hold to the assertion thatthe man who doesn't advertise willnever taste the fruits of successfulbusiness. Advertising pays. Forinstance, Harry Linville had a largedisplay advertisement in THE NEWSrecently setting forth certain bargains. Advertising sold out almostthe entire stock for him. It pays toadvertise !oTUGAZZI SCHOOL TO REOPENMONDAY, JUNE 27.The Fugazzi School of Business atLexington, attended by several fromthis city, will reopen on next Monday, January 27. The school willbe under the direction of Mrs. L. D.Jones, who was Miss Fugazzi's chiefassistant. The school has been closed since the death of Miss Irene Fugazzi last Monday.oNEW ORLEANS MOLASSES ANDCOUNTRY SORGHUM.Fine lot of genuine New OrleansMolasses and Country Sorghupi justopened up. It's fine. Try an order.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.oWORK HARNESS THE BESTMAKES AT RIGHT PRICES.It is false economy to patch oldharness when you can buy the bestmade at such reasonable prices aswe are selling them at. Come in andsee the biggest and best line everbrought to Paris.(tf) LAVIN & CONNELL.: OBAD TIME FOR THE TAGLESSDOGS.The cur and stray dog has had hisday. Every dog has, so it is said.So these animals must have hadtheirs. The new dog law is makingit mighty hard on all dogs thatstray around minus the proper tag.The new law provides aljmost perfectprotection for sheep owners and theresult is going to be a "comeback"in the sheep industry in the BlueGrass. And so may it be!oSHOE BARGAINS POR LADIES,SAVE MONEY BY CALLINGi EARLY.Great reductions on an accumulated lot of ladies small sizes in shoesof all styles and makes. Come inand take advantage of these bargainswhile they last. It will be worthyour time.(24-tf) FELD'S SHOE STORE.oENCOURAGING REPORTS OF "NOACCIDENT" WEEKReports cOiming into the office ofSuperintendent J. A. Morrison, ofthe Louisville and Nashville, indicate that "No-Accident Week" ispassing in a manner that if it continues will see the close near the100-per-cent mark. The week is being observed throughout the entireSouthern region. In the L. and N.terminal there has thus far been notan accident of even a minor nature:Thousands of railroad employees andofficials have signed a pledge to dotheir utmost to avoid injuring themselves or others. The resultsthroughout the region will be sent tothe General Safety Committee of theUnited States Railroad Administration at Washington.oINSURANCE.Fire, Tornado, Lightning,Automobile and Hail.YERKES & PEED.(janl4-tf) -o 1HAYS WILL. PROBATED ;The last will and testament of thelate Mrs.-Fannie Hays, formerly ofMillersburg, AhoNdied last week ather home in Augusta, was -probatedin the County Court," af Maysville.The document. ' -which., was- dated LApril 25;1917, after pnaking a number of bequests to relatives and providing for ' the payment of. funeraland other expenses, devises the.- sumof $5,000 to the Presbyterian churchat Washington, in Mason county, tobe held in trust and the interestalone to be. used for the -payment ofthe ministers' salary and .the cur-:rent expenses of the cnurcn. rneresidue of her estate she devises to'the Endowment Fund for the Ministerial Relief of the Southern Presbyterian church of the United States.Mr. J. Poster Barbour .was nameds executor. .Mr:' Barbour acceptedthe trust jtd qualified for the posi-jtio-n by furnishing' bond. R. N. Hoeflich, N. S. Calhoua and C. F. Wrightere named to appraise "the estate.AT its T T,-. . m urneii, who hasSeomTonv111 Wth inenza alinl slowly0 Vm Street is imPrv-Vir7if m2to JnSOn and MistimS Fl.sntpnaster, influenza vle-on w.fJ6 "viiig at their homeon Walker avenue.an7"nMri;,-?a?id Feld is able t0 e outand at his place of business, after being confined to his home severaldays from a severe cold. severalM07T-MieS. Lucy Clay Woodford andNettie Horton have returned to theirfc l": StortaS. after a VTsit- .,,. dUU iurs. uatesby WoodfordJr., 'near Paris. a'ofTV;T T,ucker' Superintendentof the Metropolitan Life Insuranceo., is in New York attending thenational meeting of Superintendentsor the company.miTT?"8- Fr WMte and daughter,Miss Anna Louise Whit ro ,,,, 'at the Phoenix Hotel, Lexington, fori- noiu. imss vvnite will attend thedance given there to-night.-The Amuse Club will 'entertaintheir friends with a dance at theMasonic Temple soon. The promotorsce xur. ana Mrs. Wm. C. Potts andMr. an4 Mrs. Richard Sale.M.:vrs- w- S. Dearing is criticallyill at her home near Austerlitz. Sheis a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. JohnBiggerstarr, of Winchester, who havegone to her bedside, accompanied byMr. and Mrs. Guy Brookshire.The members of the LibertyDrum and Bugle Corps were guestsof Mr. Rudolph Davis, last night atthe Y. M. Q. A. An oyster andsandwich supper was served, towhich the young fellows and theirguests "did ample justice."Wallace W. Mitchell. TTnrrvJones and Fred Burgin, of Paris, leftyesterday for an auto trip to pointsin Florida. They will make a number of stops at points of interestalong the route, and have arrangedtrip to Cuba. They will be absentseveral weeks.Encouraging news has been received from the bedside of Miss MaryClay, who has been seriously ill ofpneumonia, at the winter home ofher father, Col. E. F. Clay, in Eustis,Fla. Word was received here yesterday that Miss Clay was improvingand that there was every hope forher ultimate recovery.The eightieth birthday anniversary of Mr. H. C. Ogle, Sr., wasappropriately celebrated at the homeof his son, Mr. Harry C. Ogle. Thetable was decorated in pink andwhite. A large birthday cake bearing lighted taper showing the figures"80" adorned the center of the table. Mr. Ogle received a large number of useful presents.Flepningsburg Times-Democrat:"Will H. Faris and wife left Thursday afternoon last to visit theirdaughter, Itfrs. S. E. McClanahan. atParis C. H. Sousley was downfrom Paris, Monday, to visit friends.He is now in the L. & N. freight service Larry Faris, of near Tilton, went to Bourbon county Wednesday on a visit."James T. Higgins, of the Bourbon Steajm fLaundry, has returnedfrom the National Sanitarium, atMartinsville, Indiana, where he hasbeen several weeks under treatmentfor rheumatism. "Jimmy," whilegreatly improved, still lacks some ofhis old time vigor, but hopes to comeunder the wire a winner. After leaving the Sanitarium, Mr. Higgins visited friends in Indianapolis. Hesays Paris is still the "gladdest"-place on earth.to hijm.Miss Charlina Ball entertainedat dinner Monday evening, in honorof Miss Alice Rogers Clay, whosemarriage to Lieut. Hiram Roseberrywas a social event of Wednesdayevening. The rooms were beautifullydecorated in smilax and narcissus.The centerpieces for the dining table were a Kewpie bride and groom.The cake was decorated with yellowroses, and orange blossoms. Thetoasts,' bestowing of favors and drawing 'of the emblems furnished aniusements for the guests. The guestspresent for the occasion were MissesAlice Rogers Clay, Charlina Bail,Archange Holland, Mary Adams Tal-bott, Carolyn Roseberry; Lieut. Hiram Roseberry, G. C. Thompson, Jr.,Felix Renick, Robert Stoner andJohn Price.The Rev. George W. Kemper,for many years pastor of the Christian church at Midway, but who hasbeen located for the past nine yearsas pastor of the Hanover AvenueChristian church at Richmond, Va.,has been in Paris and Bourboncounty this week visiting friends andrelatives. Dr. Kemper is enroute toMemphis, .Tenn., where he recentlyaccepted a call to the McLenore Avenue Christian church. Dr. Kemperis welUknown to Paris readers of theLexington Herald for his contributions under the heading of "TheQuiet Hour," which appears in theSunday edition. He expects to assume' ttie duties of his new pastoratein Memphis next Sunday. Mrs. Kemper' and -two 'children are at presentguests of Mrs. Wpi. B. wooarora, ather country home on the Winchesterpike, near Paris. They will visitrelatives in Central Kentucky,: before, going to Memphis to join Rev.Dr. temper. .. - . .(Other Personals on Page 3;) jn. riBASKET BALL TO-NIGflT.,.There will be a double-headerbasket ball game at the "Y" tonight between Paris High School andthe Winchester High School girls,and Paris High vs. Richmond Highboys.J Game called at 7:30 o'clock: -. o m i , - .TIN LIZZIE BURNS.A Ford "machine, belonging to Tillman Kemper, of Georgetown, wasburned Wednesday night when gaso-rline from a leak in the feed system'caught fire. The machine, partly insured", was nearly totally destroyed,.enfailfng 9, loss oX about ?150 ta its Jowner.?AYS TO READ .ADVERTISE' MENTS.You've often heard the saying-,"it piays to advertise." That is true.And '.it also pays to read advertisements pays, youv If you read the advertisements in THE NEWS consistentlyvyo'u will agree that this statement is " also true.Th'ere are lots of good value bargains and plenty of good informationcontained in this issue of THENEWS. Read them over.Every public sale advertisement,land sale, auction, etc.. that is advertised, in THE BOURBON NEWS'columns always brings good results.If yfliThave anything to sell advertiseitf TltHs mony well spent and paysI big returns. JA VERY BRILLIANT WEDDINGMiss Alice Rogers Clay Becomes theBride of Lieut. Roseherry.The Christian church was thescene of a brilliant wedding Wednesday evening, when Miss AliceRogers Clay becajme the bride ofLieutenant Hiram Montgomery Roseberry, of the Field Artillery of theU. S. A.The church, which is one of thehandsomest in the State, built ofgrey stone, with its artistic interiordecorations, was more beautiful forthe occasion with, added decorationsof cut flowers, palms and- ferns.The altar and choir loft were bankedwith handsome growing plants,palms 'and ferns with quantities ofropes of spiilax winding over railand post.In front of the altar an arch wasbuilt of smilax intertwined withgraceful bunches of Easter lilies andfragrant narcissus. To each side ofthis on the altar tall vases of Easterlilies and cathedral candles addedstately beauty and fragrance to thescene.James and Carolyn Reading, bothlovely in white, who were ribbonbearers, stood in either aisle by tallbunches of Easter lilies tied withwhite satin ribbons, and very graciously led the honor-guests to theirseats.Miss Elizabeth Crutcher renderedvery artistically the following musical prograpn during the assemblingof the guests:Yuccas, Gondolier, Love Song, Forget Me Not, In the Evening, Manzavillo, Ballet of the Butterflies, Barcarolla, From the Tales ofvHoffman,Salut a Amour,- Moon Moths andWadding Song.iurs. iuacie wnue jnunan sangsweetly "To You," "Gray Days," and"Sacrament."The wedding party entered thechurch in the following: order to thestrains of the Mendlesohnn WeddingMarch: Mr. Felix Renick came first,followed by Lieut. Robert Stoner,and last, Mr. John Price, then cameMiss Archange Howland, beautifullygowned in yellow georgette crepeand tulle with girdle of yellow satin,carrying an arm bouquet of Easterlilies and roses; Miss Mary AdamsTalbott followed in the same aisle.Her gown was a lovely creation ofyellow georgette crepe and tulle.Her bouquet was of lilies and roses.Miss Carolyn Roseberry precededthe maid of honor. She wore agown of cloth and gold and carriedan arm bouquet of lilies and roses.Then came the (maid of honor,Miss Charlina Ball, in white georgette crepe with girdle of yellowsatin, carrying a huge bouquet ofyellow roses.Following the maid of honor camethe bride on the arm of her cousin,Mr. James Magowan, of Mt. Sterling,who gave her in marriage. She wasradiantly beautiful in her weddinggown of pure white satin, madesquare 'neck in front, with panel ofdutchess lace to the floor. She worea wedding veil, an heirloom, whichhad been worn by lovely brides forfour generations of the maternal ancestors. It was of rare Old Englishlace and was wired on the back ofher lovely red gold hair, to form aSpanish comb and hung gracefullyover a court train. Over her browshe wore a coronet of orange blossoms and tulle caught on either sidewith a spray of the same lovelyflowers, which finished this vision ofloveliness.Her only ornatment was a necklaceof pearls and diamonds set in platinum, an heirloom in her grandmother Clay's family and was wornby her when a bride.The groom, very handsome in hismilitary uniform, came down theaisle with his best man, Mr. G. C.Thompson, Jr., and met his bride atthe altar. The bridal , party foranedin front of the arch where Rev. W.E. Ellis stood to say the beautifuldouble-ring ceremony,, which wasdone in his usual elpquent style.The bride and groom knelt for theprayer.Mrs. Clay was very handsome ina gown of black satin and net.Mrs. Ida Hamilton Stoner, the grandmother of the bride, was very statelyin a gown of white crepe de chineand dutchess lace.The bride's gifts to her maidswere lovely gold friendship circlesenameled in forget-me-nots. The.groom's gifts to his attendants weregold Walderman knives. The bridal gifts numbered several hundredand consisted of Tiffany glass, silver, furniture and several handsomechecks.The bride and groom left immediately for the East for an extendedbridal trip and upon their returnwill go to housekeeping in the beautiful DiingalQW .already furnished, onSouth Main street.Among the out-of-town guestswere: Mrs. Ida Hamilton Stoner,Mr. James Magowan, of Mt. Sterling; Mr. Felix Renick, Winchester;Mr. G. C. Thompson, Jr., of Allensville. Ala.; Miss Archange Howland,Cleveland, O, ; Lieut Robert Stoner, ;Wichita, Kan.; Mr. and Mrs. Gatewood Gay and Mr. Gus Gay," of Lexington; Mrs. Minerva Embry Goodwin, vMrs.. Rogers Clay, Miss IsabelClay, Mrs. Preston Wooten, Mr. Howell Spears,' Mr. Sidney Kinkead, Mr.Winifred Kinkead, of .Lexington...IXflBXiSIMON'SIIIALLFUR TRIMMEDWINTER SUITS ATHALF PRICEThursday, Fridayand SaturdayTHREE DAYS ONLYSee Window DisplayHARRY SIMON224-228 West Main St., LexingtorT9"Ky;Main Street, Paris, Ky.gjjQg:Just ReceivedPuritan PhonographsPuritan RecordsThe Puritan Phonograph Also Plays Any Other Disc Records.It is the only Phonograph made with a long horn. The long jf horn not only Pamplifies and develops hut softens the sound.IN ADDITION, THE PURITAN PHONNGRAPH is one-fourth cheaperthan any olher machine of anything like similar workmanship and character.Priced From$45 to $350&:;THE PURITAN RECORDS ARE ALL DOUBLE DISC and ?seU uniformlyat 85 cents. To hear them is to buy them.Let us demonstrate these PURITAN PHONOGRAPHS AND RECORDS.It will be a pleasure for you and us.Terms to Suiti. -a.'r -JTHE J. T. HI INT ON CO.MOTOR flEARSE MOTOR INVALID COACH- UNDERTAKINGcEITHERPHONtz,536SIXTH AND MAIN STSs.ivlIXIXIIXIX .IX .IxIXIXIXIXII1IxIXIc' MGESIX1winTO'TEE" B0TOB02ST HEWS, PARTS, KEHTUCKYFRIDAY, JANUARY 24, 1915.,Al 1 2,11 1UJU! ,.Sick. WomenTo do your duty during these tryingtimes your health should be your firstconsideration. These two womentell how they found health.JiaLiJHellam, Pa. "I took Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound for female troubles and a displacement. I felt all run down and was very weak.I had been treated by a physician without results,bo decided to give Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compounda trial, and felt better right away. I am keeping housesince last April and doing all my housework, where beforeI was unable to do any work. Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound is certainly the best medicine a woman cantake when in this condition. I give you permission to publishthis letter." Mrs.E. R. Crumling, R. No. 1, Hellam, Pa.Lowell, Mich. -"I suffered from cramps and draggingdown pains, was irregular and had female weakness anddisplacement. I began to take Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound which gave me relief at once and restoredmy health. I should like to recommend Lydia E. Pinkham'sremedies to all suffering women who are troubled in a similar way." Mrs. Elise Hei3t,R.No. 6, Box 83,Lowell, Mich.Why Not TryTVTUA F DTWITHAWCiiruiuVEGETABLE COMPOUNDLYDIA E.PINKHAM MEDICINE CO. LYNN. MASS.80,000 HUN HELMETS FOR LIBERTY LOAN PRIZESEighty thousand German heljpietscaptured by General Pershing'stroops some' new, taken from storehouses behind the enemy lines, andsome battered relics of the battlefield, have been ordered by Frank R.Wilson, director of Liberty Loan publicity, for distribution in the FifthLiberty Loan campaign. The helmets will be allotted to federal reserve district headquarters on thebasis of their respective subscription quotas, and will used as prizesfor campaign achievements, underrules to be formulated by the districtmanagers.TheSwift Dollarfor 1018J jf mmm m bgxbs L12.96 aw IExpense S "' O IE ToStotkRaaerJ JThe above diagram shows the distribution of the average Swift dollarreceivedfrom sales of beef, pork and mutton,and their by-products, during 1918.mt Ycu BMk f inttrcitinc aninnwrtiv facia Mat an raqaatt.AMraat Swift A CompanyUatea Slock Tarda, Cklcaf o, llllnoiaSwift & Company, U.S. A.fr ...J. jrMODERN SURGERY ROBS WAR OFTERRORS.The anomaly of good coming fromevil is shown by the marvelousstrides of medicine and surgery asa result of the war, which has robbedit of many of its horrors. Woundsthat were formerly regarded as absolutely fatal have by newly discoveredmethods, lost their serious aspect,while injuries once thought permanent have found to be curable.The causes of numerous paladieshave been discovered and effectivemethods of protection, against thembeen ascertained. Bodies broken inhealth and injured limbs have beenrestored and shattered bones havebeen replaced and their lost functionsagain brought into action. The substitution of artificial parts has beenaccomplished so successfully thatthey really appear to work in harmony with nature. The achievement has been most wonderful andspeaks volumes in praise of the skilland ingenuity of those who have devoted their lives to the ameliorationof suffering and the rehabilitation ofthe human body.oThe Joy Recipe ITake CascaretsRegulate liver and bowels,and sweeten the stomachspend 10 cents and seeEnjoy life! Straighten up. Yoursystem is filled with an accumulationof bile and bowel poison which keepsyou bilious, headachy, dizzy, tonguecoated, breath, bad and stomach, sour.Why don't you get a 10-cent box ofCascarets to-night and enjoy thenicest, gentlest liver and bowelcleansings you ever experienced.Give Cascarets to children also, theytaste like candy. Never gripe, butnever fail. Sick, bilious childrenlove to take this laxative. (adv)oMUSKET BALL IS FOUND INHEART OF LARGE OAK.Mr. J. E. Carpenter, of the Perryville section, while sawing a logfrom a giant oak on the old Perry-ville battlefield, struck a jmusket ballin the heart of the log. The ballhad been in the tree for nearly sixtyyears. He estimates that the treewas about 75 years old when cutdown. Harrodsburg Herald.NAUSEALESS CALOMELIS BEST FOR FLUDoctors and Druggists Claim Calo-tabs, the Nausealess Calomel, IsBest Laxative for Colds, Grippead Influenza.At the first sign of a cold," s thetime to take a Calotab, the perfectednausealess calopiel that has all theliver benefits left in and the stingtaken out. Doctors say that there isnothing like it to put your liver rightand keep your system in conditionto resist and avoid colds, influenzaand pneumonia.The best insurance, against influenza and pneumonia is a good activeliver and your physician or druggistwill tell" you that Calotabs 1b themost thorough and effective, as wellas the safest and most agreeableremedy for this purpose. ,One Calotab at bed time with aswallow of water that's all. Nosalts, no nausea,, nor the slightestinterference with your eating, pleasure or work. Next morning youawake feeling fine with a hearty appetite for breakfast. Your cold hasvanished and you are ready for workor play. Calotabs are sold by druggists everywhere in sealed packages,price thirty-five cents. Your moneyhanded right back if you are not delighted, (adv)A SAD TALE TO RELATE, 'TISSAID!The making of wine or otherliquor in the home for personal useas a beverage will not be lawful under the terms of the national prohibition amendment which is to becomeeffective in January, 1920.Section 1 of the resolution providing for nationwide prohibitionfollows:"After one year from the ratification of this article the manufacture,sale or transportation of intoxicating liquors within, the importationthereof into, or the exportationthereof from the United States andall territory subject to the jurisdiction thereof for beverage purposes ishereby prohibited.".In other words, it will be unlawful to (make, sell, transport, exportor import liquors for beverage purposes. .However, it will be lawful to makeand sell liquor for all purposes except beverage purposes and therefore it will not be unlawful to makewine, beer or whisky for medicaland many other purposes.Just what distinction will bemade between "beverage" and "medicinal" liquor cannot be safely conjectured, pending the framing oflaws by Congress and the separateStates.The first whisky distillery inBourbon county was established byJacob Spears in 1790, according toCollins' History of Kentucky, butthere are those who claim that Captain John Hamilton was first tobuild a 'still house in the county,whose name has been given to thekind for which Kentucky is famed.From these early days the depiandfor Kentucky whisky grew apaceand Kentucky became a name to conjure with in every whisky market inthe world.-oThere is more Catarrh in this section of the country than all otherdiseases put together, and for yearsit was supposed to be incurable. Doctors prescribed local remedies, and byconstantly failing to cure with localtreatment, pronounced it incurable.Catarrah is a local disease, greatlyinfluenced by constitutional conditions and therefore requires constitutional treatment. Hall's CatarrhMedicine, manufactured by F. J.Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio, is a' constitutional remedy, is taken internally and acts through the blood onthe mucous surfaces of the system.One Hundred Dollars reward is offered for any case that Hall's CatarrhMedicine fails to cure. Send for circulars and testimonials.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by druggists, 75c.Hall's Fajmily Pills for constipation. (jan-adv)Aetna-AutoCombination Policies-Protect AgainstFireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityAnd OtherCasualtiesA. J. FEEAGENTbrighter;EVENINGS'CAv"jSi:v&cz.JriNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.useOiectrici'tyTor DatingIt's the only satisfactory way.use SetsTor fitting and CookingIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix You UpFor the Use oi BothElectricity and Gas.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)Home-KilledMM ATSFRESHFISHDressed to Order.MflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketEH3HJanuaryCLEARANCEU UltS $32.50 tplUVOcUS $25.00 tPlUThese are some bargains.All we ask of you is to comein and see them.Big reductions in Shoes,Waists, Dresses, Millinery,Skirts, Dry Goods, Etc.See Window Dis-iplays.Twin Bros.Department StoreiMain and 7th Paris, Ky.itragfiiaiaajiitrtMHiiilV 1 rvS U a. ' P l. I VL UMPa m m'AEVERYBODY KNOWSAMVE-IN-HEAD MEANS BUKKRevised PricesThe assurance of material for quantityproduction of Buick cars enables theBuick Motor Company to establish thefollowing prices on the various Buickmodels, effective January first, 1919.These prices will not be changed duringour present dealers' selling agreements.Three Passenger Open Model H-Six-44 - $1495Five Passenger Open Model H-Six-45 - - 1495Four Passenger Closed Model H-Six-46 - 1985Five Passenger Closed Model H-Six-47 - - 2195Seven Passenger Open Model H-Six-49 - 1785Seven Passenger Closed Model H-Six-50 - 2585Buick Motor Company, Flint, MichiganPioneer Builders of Vahe-in-Head Motor CarsV.'-- "7 ; ' K " J- - i-3 X .:C. S. BALL GARAGEai" 'FRIDAY, JANUARY 24, 1919.rTHE BOUBBON NEWS, PABIS, KENTUCKYPAGE SHOTLEE'S BIRTHDAY OBSERVED BYTjOCAL B. OF C. CHAPTER.&i4KJZ' JI.-mi-ill H MII till III lilll !l I lyy!.H nfl illlllllllii It I 111 if ii1 1lil llilllllll 111e Sure to GetHE wax -wrappedsealed packagewith WRtGLEVSupon it is a guarantee of qualify.The largest chewinggum factories in theworld the largestsetting gum in theworld: that is whatWRIGLEY'S means.SEALED TIGHTKEPT RIGHTWBAPPCDXHIraoftTsmwtt'17The Flavor Lasts!LOCAL OIL COMPANY MAKINGBIG SHOWING.The "Oil Notes" department ofthe Sunday Lexington Herald contains the following correspondencefrom the oil fields, affecting a wellknown, local concern:"The Co-operative Land and Developement Company's No. 1 on theHeironyimous lease in Lee county wasV ... . mi J :i.being ariiiea in xnur&uay wnu .good showing, though the drill hadonly started into the sand when themessage left the field."The Davis Drilling Company ismoving: to a new location on Block28 of the Comet farm to drill for theBourbon Oil and Development Company. The well which they drilledin for the Co-operative Land and Development Company last week on theaame block was shot this week andnow is showing from 25 to 50 barrels."The Bourbon Oil and DevelopmentCompany's No. 2 on Block 29 hasbeen drilled in and is reported to benearly as good as their No. 1 on thesame block which has been pupipingfor some time in the neighborhood oi100 barrels. The same company hasbrought in their No. 1 on the MillieFreeman farm, which is reported asgood for 15 barrels. The sand is saidto be hard In this well and it is believed that a shot would largely increase the production. Two streaksof pay were struck, one at seven feetin the sand and the other at 25 feet.The well was drilled two feet intothe second pay."The Bourbon Oil and DevelopmentCompany's No. 1 on the Gibson leaseon the Middle Fork of Little Sandyin Elliott county is due in. TU13 isa test well in new territory.oBAD COLD QUICKLY BROKEN UPMrs. Martha Wilcox, Gowanda, N.y., writes: "I first used Chamberlain's Cough Remedy about eightyears ago. At that time I had ahard cold and coughed most of thetime. It proved to be just what Ineeded. It broke up the cold in afew days, and the cough entiielydisappeared. I have told many of myfriends of the good I receivedthrough using this medicine, and allwho have used it speaks of it in thehighest terms." Obtained everywhere. ,. .(jan-adv)The birthday of General RobertEdward Lee, the greatest militaryleader the South has produced, wasappropriately observed last Saturday,by the Richard Hawes Chapter,United Daughters of the Confederacy,at the Court House.At 12:30, a beautiful luncheon wasserved to the guests of honor themembers of the John Morgan ChapterConfederate-Veterans and a few invited guests.The luncheon consisted of bakedchicken, dressing and gravy, old ham,hot buttered rolls, beaten biscuit,cranberry jelly, celery, scallopedoysters, a variety of pies, coffee andcigars, and was served from threelong tables in one of the corridors.Confederate flags and vases of redand white carnations formed thedecorations, and each veteran wasprovided with a badge of red andwhite ribbon.After the luncheon had been enjoyed the guests assembled in thelarge Confederate room where a program was enjoyed, Mrs. J. T. Van-sant, president of the Chapter presiding. After an address of welcomegiven in her accustomed hearty andffyrrlinl mannpr. Mrs. Vansant announced the program, the first number being a reading: "The Sword ofLee" by Mrs. Harry B. Clay. Thiswas followed by a charming originalnt.rinfcir. noem bv Miss JoseohineEwalt, the composition, style and delivery Demg remarKaDie lor ner tender age.Mrs. Vansant then introduced theprincipal of speakers of the occasion,Rev. W. JB. Ellis, pastor ot the tjnristian Church, who delivered a masterly address on the "Life and Achievements of the Matchless Lee."The speaker pronounced a splendideulogy on the character of thisChristian gentleman. The tribute ofRpv. F-llia was p-iven in his usual earnest manner, and was heartly enjoyedt( nnnlnndprt hv the veterans whohad followed the leadership of thedauntless Lee through the tour yearsof the Civil War with all of its horrors and bloodshed.Among the out-of-town guests forthe occasion were: Capt. Ed Taylor,of Lexington, one of the bravest andmost gallant of Kentucky officersduring the war; Mrs. T. E. Moore,also of Lexington, representing herhusband, Capt. T. E. Moore, formerlyof Shawhan; and Dudley C. Lykins, ofMillersburg.TVip following is a roster of thesurvivinng veterans of Bourbon County, only 18 of whom were aoie xo Depresent upon this occasion :Paris L. J. Fretwell, John C. Bedford, George Minter, Allen Kiser, Jas.McDonald, W. H. Whaley, JudgeHarry Brent and U. n. rreston.Clmtonville W. M. tteatnman,Wm. Stipp, and Geo. W. Morrow.Little Rock Perry Jewell, J. W.McConnaughhay, Capt. Jas. Rogers,Samuel Talbott, Samuel Bivins andand M. C. Rogers.Ruddles Mil's Col. E. F. Clay, W.C. Goodman, Harry Holt, Joseph H.Hedges and Wallace Batterton.Millersburg W. W. Miller, Martin Bowles, Ben Thomason, Jas.Clark and W. M. Layson.North Middletown Chas. Meng,Dr. Weaver, Geo. Sparks, Jas. Stone,J. T. Laughlin, W. M. Morgan, GanoHildreth and D. Mitcnen.Centerville John M. Trent.Hutchison Jesse Craig.In her introductory remarks, Mrs.Vansant read the following reportsent by the State President, Mrs.James B. Camp, of Louisville, of thework done by the Kentucky unapters,U. D. C, during the European war.Bonds bought and soia-i,iio,ou.uuWar Saving Stamps... $46,313.00French Orphans adopted 8Belgian Orphans taken care of 5Hospital bed in France $600Garments made nViAoSurgical dressings 9S'Knitted articles 5,567Amount contributed to BedCross $5,762.69Amount contributed to WarWork $1,993.53C SEmEmKMSKBBSSi'KB. SSHXQ5 8 2805 KflOttlll HflHR M1 M 111'' Ml' .11'Mriiiiiiiiiig"'Cop yrifht 1911 brR.J. Reynolds Tobtoco Co.HPALK about smokes. Prince Albert1 is geared to a ioyhandout standardthat just lavishes smokehappiness onevery man game enough to make a bee line for atidy red tin and a jimmy pipe old or new IGet it straight that what youVe hankered for innine or cigarette makin's smokes vou'll find aDlentvin P. A. That's because P. A. has the quality!You can't any more make Prince Albert bite yourtongue or parch your throat than you can make a horsedrink when he's off the water! Bite and parch are cutout by our exclusive patented process !You just lay back like a regular fellow and puff to beatthe cards and wonder why in samhill you didn't nail asection in. the P. A. smokepasture longer than you careto remember back!Buy Prince Albert everywhere tobacco is told. Toppy red bags,tidy red tin, handsome pound and half pound tin humidors andthat clever, practical pound crystal glass humidor with spongemoistener top that keeps the tobacco in such perfect condition,R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co., Winiton-Salem, N. CBuckboards, boats, horses, sledsand -snow-shoes are actually in useby Red Cross Home Service to reachevery soldier's family reported inneed.Homesteading has an especial alpeal for veteran Yanks. The Government has appropriated $200,000to examine and survey its land resources for the boys.BONE DRYS TO PRESENT TJLTITUM TO CONGRESS.The 25 prohibition and Anti-SaloonLeague organizations haveagreed on a "bone dry" Federal actto be presented to Congress, according to a bulletin issued from National Anti-Saloon League headquarters. Tentatively it includes the following provisions:ADnointAnent of Federal commissioners to enforce the act, with powerto Drescribe rules and regulations forthe manufacture and distribution ofwine for sacramental purposes andalcohol for non-prohiDitive purposes.Fixing of adequate penalties forviolation of the act.The importation, exportation andpossession of intoxicating Jiquorsfor beverage purposes to be prohibited. All intoxicating liquors illegallypossessed and all implements used intheir legal manufacture to be contraband." An adequate search and seizureprovision.The sale of alcoholic patent orproprietory medicines capable of being used as beverage to be surrounded by the same safeguards as the saleof alcohol.Such other provisions as will "destroy every vestige of the beverageliquor traffic throughout the UnitedStates and its possession."oKGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PKONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.'." ' .' j) ." - ; ' vsgKMXMiXBBKIS:IAND'SH f II illlrmay both derive saiisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings us.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40Home Phone 1692JEveryone, old andyoung, can drinkINSTANTPOSTUMwith benefit tohealth. oooAdelicious, drugfree beverage.BREAKS A COLD INFEW HOURS TRY ITFirst Dose of Pape's Cold CompoundRelieves All Grippe Misery.Don't stay stuffed up!Quit blowing and snuffling! j Adose of "Pape's Cold Compound"taken every two hours until threedoses are taken will end grippe misery and break un a severe cold eitherin the head, chest, body or limbs.It promptly opens clogged-up nostrils and air passages; stops nastydischarge or nose running; relievessick headache, dullness, -feverish-ness,sore throat, sneezing, sorenessand stiffness."Pape's Cold Compound" is theQuickest, surest relief known andcosts only a few cents at drugstores. It acts without assistance,tastes nice, and causes no inconvenience. Don't accept a substitute.(adv)TO PREPARE LISTS OF DRAFTDEIINftTJEHTSForms for preparing the lists ofdelinquents and deserters have beenreceived by Major Henry Rhodes,chief of the selective service department, from the War Department atWashington. The lists are beingprepared by Major Rhodes taking thelocal boards in their alphabetic order, and as each list is completedMajor Rhodes will forward same tothe local board. He hopes to haveall of the lists sent out not laterthan the 25thof this month. Localboards are urged to check the iistsand return immediately in orderthat the work may be completed bythe first of February.3E5VTJ. S. DEMOBILIZING ARMY TWICEFASTER THAN ENGLAND.Demobilization pf the Americanarmy, General March, chief of staff,said is precceding at a rate whichcomparative figures shows to be morethan twice as fast as the British demobilization. Actual figures up toJanuary 10 of -men discharged fromthe American army showed a totalof 693,889.British discharges to January 7number 252,658. American officersto the number 47,028 have been returned to civil life, while on January 7 the Britsh.has discharged only3,038 officers.American troops scheduled for demobilization now number 1,151,000,including 96,000 men who actuallyhave returned from overseas, but notincluding the units designated forreturn on their way home.QUR SHOE BILLSThe American Red Cross Councilhas made a further appropriation of$275,000 for general relief work in'Siberia r l!w.LLiEiraSCUTViMH JOHN SALES"The answer to the problem of shoewear lies in the use of Ne5lin Solesso says H. L. Evans of Steubenville,"For five months," saysMr.Evans,"Ihave been wearing the same pair ofNeolin-soled shoes at my work at theLa Belle Iron Works and they aregood for two months more wear. Asmy work takes mo to all parts of themill daily where I have to walk overcinders, slag, etc., it is simply out ofthe question to buy anythingelse totake the place of Neolin Soles.You too and your whole family willfind Neolin-soled shoes wear long andso save money. You can get them in thectvioc vrtit lik-p nt almost anv good shoestore. And any repairman will re-soltfyour worn shoes wiui iNeonn ooicascientifically made to be durable, comfortable and waterproof. They aremade by The Goodyear Tire & RubbefCompany, Akron, Ohio, who also makeWingfoot Heels guaranteed to outwear any other heels.Deolm SolesTrka Mir Ee. t . a. Tat. CC.1919Wilmoth&Co.Extend to all theirpatrons and friendsNEW YEAR'SGREETINGSIA cordial invitationis extended to thegeneral public for ashare of its businessduring 1919.WILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376 IJOHI WHITE M;LOUISVILLE, KY..BfUbliilMdialStfLw6CBl Jtfv9nflvGnVfuNs-FURS(till-jan24-F)OPflti r t l,J- It--; .vfe--$4'-'v$ f'i4to;.fri?- J.,jt ..,.- -''-,: . - r-!4PAGE EIGHTTHE BOUEBON NEWS, PABIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY. JANUART 24, 1919.C2K5K THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMO'MILLERSBURGRELIGIOUS.s-):t - -x Mrs. M. E. Martin continues Very(?nuch the same.h 'Mrs. Russell .Mitchell is confinked to her hqjnie with the flu. 'Mr. Ashby Leer and familywere guests of Mr. Joel Latham andt'famly, at Mayslick, Tuesday and'-iWednesday.v- Mrs. Bayless DeBell, who i3 the(truest of her daughter, Mrs. R. M.Caldwell, ;.spent- Thursday and today at her home, at Ewing.tv. Aevt' J&eim', df Parkersburg, Va.,Vwill.begiri1 a series of meetings at,'the Christian Church here Sunday(morning-preaching t'wice'on Sunday and every night during the com. .ing week.( -There was an all-day missionarypmeeting at the Methodist Church,. Wednesday. An interesting program"was rendered in the morning andafternoon, and a delightful lunch,' served at noon.Mrs. C. B. Poor has returned toher home at Covington, after sev-eral weeks visit with her parents,.'Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Farris. SheCwas accompanied home by them, they' returning Monday.News- has been received here announcing the marriage of Miss Mat,tie Elizabeth McEIwaine, daughterof Mr. and Mrs. H. S. McEIwaine, ofLexington, to Mr. Howard Rice, of..Millersburg. The wedding occurredat the home of Mrs. Joseph Bales,'near Lexington. .Their many friendsare extending congratulations.The ratification meeting" of the;iocal W. C. T. U. Chapter, scheduled'ifor Friday evening has been post' poned until Sunday evening, February 2. The meeting will be held forthe purpose of ratifying the prohibition, constitutional amendment.Among the speakers expected to bepresent are Rev. H. C. Morrison, ofLouisville, and Mrs. Harriet E. Beauchamp, of Lexington.oTHE SCAB, BEAKERSHundreds of American soldiers,from privates all the way up the lineto General Pershing, wTH return fromFrance decorated for conspicuousoraVery-'fJome will wear Distinguished Service Medal, some the Croix de Guerre.So. e will be awarded the VictoriaCrfs.Everyone of them will have donesoma valorous deed of aggression or leave a home that is as comfortable,,The Women's Society of theChristian church will meet nextTuesday afternoon ,at 2:30 o'clock.A large attendance of the membership is urged.The Endeavor Society of ,theChristian church vill meet in thechurch parlors Sunday night at 6:0&o'clock. All the young people areasked to attend this service.Postponement of "health Sunday" from February 9 to February23 so as not to conflict with theTheodore Roosevelt memorial servicearranged for the former date was announced by Surgeon General Blue ofthe United States Public Health Service. Many of the leading ministersof the country, Dr. Blue said, havearranged to urge upon their congregations upon health Sunday thetimeliness of a cappaign for physicaland moral cleanliness.oHOME STUFF!"Going out again to-night, Iguess.""I won't be long.""You won't be long; I suppose ifyou ever left the house and said youwould be long I'd never see youagin.""You know where I'm going,don't you? It would be different ifI was trotting around vtown goingto places you know nothing about.""Honestly to hear you say it youwould have me believe that whenyou leave the house you clasp yourhands, look heavenward, and if afgirl as much as looked at you, youwould say, 'Go way from me woman,I'm married.' Yes you would not.""Why is it that every time I startto go out you start that blamedhinting about who I go around with?To hear you talk you might think Iwas a Mormon. By 3rour way oftalking you would think there wereno respectable men in the world.""You're a fine one to talk aboutrespectable men, when I think ofthat crowd you travel around with.Why three of them are single men;respectable, my eye.""I don't know what to say or howto prove that every man in thisworld isn't bad.""If you take my advice you won'ttry to prove something that can't bedone. I'll admit this, though, someare worse than others, but I'm sureyou don't go around with manygood ones. I'm not blind you know.No man in his right mind wouldrescue.But there will be some 50-oddthousand who came out of the fightniore or less disfigured who may wearno ribbons.. They are the scar bearers, thewounded.Not one of them but faced deathiii all the many guises that Germaningenuity of the most devilish kind-'could contrive. But theirs was onlythe ordianary chance of war.Theirs the misfortune of being struckdown before they had their chance.Some will not be permanently disabled. But thousands will be. Andeveryone that is, everyone that tookIiis chance over there must have hiscahnce- once more over here.Uncle Sam has worked out an elaborate plan of rehabilitation for thesewounded heroes. If they need medical attention after their return theywill get it- If they need specialtraining to fit them for such work astheir condition will permit them todo they will get that training.Whatever assistance is necessarythey will haver..And Uncle Sam will bear the expense, gladly, -gratefully; for his obligation is one that can never be adequately met.Much of it will be devoted to making payment of the services of thosewho did their best to pay the price., of world freedom.For them too much can not beae; '!'. 1imas any home in town to go out andplay cards as much as you do. It'snot cards that keeps you out.""What do you think does?""Wouldn't I be a big fool to tell! you all I know I should say not.All I can say is you had better becareful for you're going to comesome night and JL won't be here.""Give me a kiss before I go?""You better keep your kisses forthose who'll appreciate them,""You make me sick the way youtalk.""Go ahead out, but don't forgetwhat I told you; if I'm not heresome night don't be surprised."John goes out and slams the doorjust like a regular husband usuallyslams a door, but to save his neck hedon't know whether he's playingpinochle or going over the top and hegets away from the game about 10o'clock with a sick headache, as hesays, which his other seven-eightshas calmly gone to bed and forgotall about it.oTO-DAY, MY, JAN. 24WALLACE REIDin "THE SOURCE""Wally" Reid plays a, dual .characterIn this one a regular Jekyll and Hyde sortofjfellow. His bad character fades awayunder the sunshine of a woman's love. .RUTH ROLANDin the 13th episode ofin "HANDS UP"Keystone Comedy and Animatad Weekly.S. 25Goldwin PresentsMADGE KENNEDYIN"The Kingdom of Youth"The story-of a never-ending honeymoon.SMILING BILL PARSONSMiA27Jesse L. Laskey PresentsFanny Ward"THE CHEAT"IN"Bill Settles Down"PEGGY HOPKINSin "HICK MANHATTAN"andBURTON HOLMES TRAVELOGUEEdward Van Leeuwe OrchestraADMISSION 22cGALLERY 15cChidren Under 12 Not Admitted.Deaths. -HENRY.Hugh L. Henry, aged thirtythree, a former resident of Paris, anda nephew of Mrs. B. F. Laughlin, ofParis, died recently at Ft. Hancock,Georgia, of bronchial pneumonia.Young Henry was in the army service at the tipne of his death. Thebody was sent to Berry, Ky., andinterred in the Pythian Grove Cemetery. He was a native of Harrisoncounty.NORRIS.Thomas Norris, who had beenengaged in farming near Clintonville, in this county, died in theClark County Hospital, at Winchester, Wednesday, after a short illnessof pneumonia. Norris was broughtto the Hospital for treatment only afew days ago. He was a brother. ofMisses Lucy, Ida and Annie Norris,of College Hill, in Clark county. Thebody was interred in the WinchesterCemetery. ...MURRAY.The funeral of Charles Murray,aged -nineteen, who died at the homeof his parents, Mr. and Mrs. Thos.Murray, near Millersburg, followingan attack of influenza, was held inthe Carlisle Cemetery Wednesday afternoon. A younger brother, Walter Murray,is critcally ill of the same disease,as are his perents. Mrs. Murray wasformerly Miss Innes Dailey, of Headquarters, in Nicholas county.gazzi and the illness of Mrs. Raymond.The funeral of Miss Irene Fugazzi,which was to have taken place Wednesday morning, was postponed andthe two sisters were buried yesterday morning, one service being heldfor both.The' funeral procession left theresidence at 9 o'clock and the services were held at the grave in theCatholic Cemetery at 9:30 o'clock,the Rev. Father Williajm T. Punchofficiating. -The pall-bearers for Miss IreneGinochio, Leo Buchignani, Frank G.Glnochio, Leo Buchignani, Frenk G.Ott, Arthur Terry, John Vanderpooland Hugh McGovern.The pall-hearers for Mrs. FloraFugazzi Raymond were WilliamMuir, Morris Lovenhart, ErnestKeuhne, Lew Jaubert, William Beasley and W. E. Jarvis.rCAMNE SLACKERS BY THOUSANDS FbUND IN KENTUCKY.vMATRIMONIAL.A marriage license was issuedTuesday from the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton, to Miss BessieDavis and Mr. James Christian,both of Bourbon county.oThe Red Cross Home Service meansto prevent any disabled soldier frommaking the mistake of refusing retraining.cBHIIIHIIIIIHIHMMHItWiMIWHWHHIIIIMItI The J- T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMBRSParis Ky.Main ,and SlactfrStreets vDay phone 36INlKht : . . 53or Home 286 fcMotor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.BBSBBBVBiaaBSn9aaflMORELAND. ' tMr. Lee Moreland, a former resident of Paris, died recently in SanAntonio, Texas, where he had beenresiding several years. The bodywas taken to Los Angeles, Cali., forinterment. 'Mr. Moreland was a brother ofMr. James H. Moreland and of Mrs.D. B. Knox, both of Paris, and wasformerly in the employ of the Louisville & Nashville railroad at thispoint. He is survived by his widow.oHAYS.Mrs. Fannie Adams Hays, agedseventy-eight, a former resident ofMillersburg. died at her home inAugrfsta, of paralysis. She was thewidow of Dr. Wm. Hays. Her onlychild, Will Hays, died several yearsago. Mrs. Hays was noted for hermany charitable deeds. She purphased ana presented the buildingfor the Hayswood Hospital to thepeople of Maysville. She was anaunt of Mr. Charles P. Cook, ofParis.JAMESON.News was received here yesterday of the death in Greenville, 0.,of Squire Amos Jameson, a formerresident of Bourbon county. Themessage stated that the body wouldbe brought to Paris for interment,hut the funeral arrangements werenot known last aight.Squire Jameson formerly residedin Millersburg, and was at onetime a mejmber of the Bourbon FiscalCourt. He was the father of Mrs.A. L. Slicer, of Paris. Mrs. Slicerhad been at her father's bedside forsome time.""' '" '"f'MimtlllllllDHiBATTERTON.Mrs. Elsie Batterton, aged seventy-one.died at her home near Shawhan, this county, at two o'clock,Wednesday afternoon, following aprolonged illness. She is survivedby her husband, Mr. Wallace Batterton, and two sisters, Mrs. JohnHinkston, of North Middletown, andMrs. Lizzie Roberts, Of Henderson.The funeral will be held at teno'clock this (Friday) morning, inthe Shawhan Presbyterian church,with services conducted by Rev. P.S. Rhodes. The interment will follow in the family burying groundnear Shawhan.oRAYMOND.The second death this week inthe family of Mr. and Mrs. Fred J.Fugazzi, in Lexington, as a result ofpneumonia, occurred Wednesdaymorning at 6:30 o'clock. Mrs. FloraFugazzi Raymond, formerly of Paris.34 years old, widow of the lateChauncey J. Raymond, formerly.night chief of the Western UnionTelegraph office, being the secondvictijm of the disease.It was said by ateiiding physiciansthat she contracted the disease whilewaiting on her sister. Miss Irene Fugazzi, who died at the home of herparents Monday.Besides her parents, Mrs. Raymondis survived by one" brother, FredFugazzi, Jr., who is in the army, stationed at Camp Meade, Md. He arrived home Tuesday on furlough inresponse to a telegram informinghim of the death of Miss Irene Fu-An amazing number of dogs inKentucky have been escaping taxation are being brought to light bythe new law requiring them to belicensed.County Clerks are sending requisitions to the Department of Agriculture for thousands of additionallicense blanks and tags, althoughthey were issued considerably in excess of the nvjmber of dogs assessedlast year.one uierk already had licensed athousand more dogs than wereassessed and were out of supplies.No estimate on the number of doglicenses likely to be returned can bemade.IN MEMORY OP THE TUSCANIA'SDEAD.The following beautiful verseswere composed by Jane Harris Rogers, a cousin of Mrs. C. M. Clay, ofParis, and as the title indicates is amemorial to the unfortunates whowere drowned when the Tuscaniawas torpedoed by a German submarine. Mrs. Rogers was a guestvery recently of Mrs. Clay. Thepoqm was published in the Lexington Herald, of Tuesday:THE NEW DAY.Our soldiers sleep on Scotland'sbreastAnd nearby waters guard their restWhile in their ever ceaseless flowThey chant a requiem sweet andlow.We face the future void of fears,Yet count the dead mid bitter tearsFor equal rights' on land and seaThey gave their lives to make men, free.When victory shall safeguard eachhomeWhere little children love to roamAnd maidens dwell on holy groundThen will the earth with gladnesssound.Fight on, brave men, the monstertear;Leave not a fragment of his lairFor we who watch and work andprayAwait the dawn of Freedom's Day.JANE HARRIS ROGERS.oRed Cross rations of milk, corn,and sugar, and soup kitchens inMaderia and the Azores are tidingthe islanders over a famine almostcontinuous during the war.STOCK, CROP, ETC.The annual ale of trotting andsaddle horses will be held in Lexington this year during the week ofFebruary 17-22. Many prominentbreeders have consigned stallions,jmares, record and trial horses.The market promises to be betterand stronger than for many years.Several Bourbon county consignments will be in the sale.DOCUMENTS SHOW BISMARKPLANNED SECOND W0ELDWAR.Prince Bismark contemplated asecond war by Germany against theFrench, which was to result in thevirtual destruction of France, according to a document published in thePetit Parisien, at Paris, France.The document purports to be a notemade by an ex-counsellor of the thenKing of Hanover, summing up a conversation with Bismark, and is statfl have been found recently among, the papers of a French literary man.j "I ajm positive that if I live long1enough I am destined to destroyFrance," Bismark is quoted as sayj ing. " for in another war I will' take from her her colonies and her: fleet, not to mention billions, andwill dismember her a second time..For tnis purpose i am going to prepare the German people to becomemore, powerfuL"oThe Red Cross is providing thehospital ships with pillow cases,surgical dressings, medicines andcomforts of all kinds.UNLOADINGClearance Sale!Regardless of the prevailing high prices ofshoes we are compelledto unload and put onsale our high grade ofWomen's, Men's and Children's Shoes at RecordBreaking Marked Down Prices. Allbroken and discontinued lines at1-2 PRICEand in many instances even less.'-...-,siJj-, - IJ"J'ftn ' - - aT I11 Iu lAi iiTJj 7 IfMfl&Ji It JvTJ " A( Ail 1. X e liatitJust a Few of the Hundreds of Marked Down PricesBroken Sizes, d-j qcLadies1 Mahogany English or LouisBoots, with cloth tops to match,5.00 values, atLadies' Mahogany Tan EnglishBoots. $6.00 values, atLadies' ,Grey Boots, Louis heel,best Quality "Travers" $8.00 val..Ladies' Dark Grey Boots, all kid dj qctops. Walk-Over, $9.00 values, at..Mv.JJaLadies' Black English or Cuban tfo qqHeel Boots, $4.00 values, at y&.VVHeel$3.49$4.50$5.95Ladies' Assorted$5.00 values at...Men's Dark Tan English 4 ca a nr$6.00 values at $4.0U-?4.1JMen's G. M. English Walk-Over Jo a iand other famous makes, $4.50 val. $3 ADMen's Gun Metal Lace, E. & J. &y Armakes, $4.00 values, at p.H&Boys' Gun Metal Lace, $2.50 val- -1 7ques at $! 51Don't Miss This Money - Saving Opportunity.Sale Starts Tomorrow, Saturday.DANParis' Greatest Shoe StoreCOHENWhere Beauty and Economy Reign"