v- ,-';$.'VjaX." --.- '-3 tTHE BOURBON,? . -r-X'ii' 2 V"1:. -PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND. FRT UT IN THE YEAR.i U:.rr-t JfrVOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 2S 1919. i - I-W-. -V r " , -" --NEWST&LMOUTH PEOPLE INJURED INATJTO.ACCIDENT.The inevitable result occurred nearthis city Sunday morning, when aparty of Falmouth people, racing inautomobiles, were thrown from theirmachines, and the machines wrecked.The accident occurred on the sharpcurve on the Cynthiana pike, nearthe home of Mr. J. Miller Ward.A large touring car, occupied byJohn Beckett, his wife, his ten-year-oldson, Abner Beckett, and hismother-in-law, Mrs. Martha Moore,all of Falmouth, were, according totie statements of witnesses, racingatt he rate of sixty miles an hour,with another machine coming toParis. As they approached the curvenear the Ward place, which is becoming a rival to "Dead Man'sCurve," near Lexington, the cars-were only a few feet apart. Theflrst car, occupied by Harry Moore,iswife and son, Clay Moore, wifeand two children, got safely by thecurve. As their machine rounded thecurve in advance of the Beckett car,Mrs. Clay Moore, happening to lookhack, saw the Beckett machineplunge from the road over the embankment at that point. She calledto ier husband to stop. When theMoores reached the Beckett car,which had turned turtle, going downthe embankment, they found the occupants pinioned beneath it. Mrs.Martha Moore and Miss Irene Moore,who were in the Beckett car, weretaken to a neighboring farm house,and physicians called from Paris,who gave them medical attention.Mrs. Beckett sustained a severescalp wound, the boy a broken jaw,and Mr. Beckett and Mrs. Moore werebadlv bruised. The injured weremoved to the Massie "Memorial Hospital, in this city, where they werereported yesterday as resting comfortably. . oANCOF PURCHASES BUNCH OFTHOROUGHBREDSA. B. Hancock, of pie ClaiborneStock Farm, Paris, purchased of R.D. Williams, of Blackwell, Oklahoma, six thoroughbred mares andfour weanlings. The mares are LadyIrma, Rod and Gun, Chemulpo, Darling, La Gloria and Responseful,while the weanlings are by Martinet,out of Morning Glory, Rod and Gun,Xa Gloria and Responseful.E. R. Bradley sold to Mr. Hancockthe brood unares, Prestenella, byCyllene, Breathing Spell, by DarkRonald, and Bit of Devil, at privateterms. The two first-named havebeen mated with North Star, and Bitof Devil was bred to Black Toney.oNEW MANAGER.Charles Watkins, of Carlisle, hasbeen promoted to the position ofmanager of the Home TelephoneCo.'s Millersburg exchange. He hasbeen lineman for the Home Telephone Co. for the past three years.He has assumed the duties of the position.FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSSPECIALSALEOFWAISTS. $1.10FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERS ' KAutomobile Delivery -VIOLATORS OF GAME LAWS ARRESTED. "Thou shalt not kill" game outof season, is a commandment thatwill no doubt be more highly respected in the future by several menof the Ruddles Mills vicinity, whowill know better next time.Executive Agent J. Quincy Ward,of the State Game and Fish Commission, vieited Paris last week, on aquiet inspection of conditions here.In company with County Game Warden Douglas Thomas, Sr., he visitedthe Ruddles Mills vicinity Saturday,where Mr. Thomas served warrantson the following parties, chargedwith offenses against the game laws:Luther Linville, hunting withoutlicense; Bedford Whitson, shootingrabbits out of season; Leslie Lawrence, same charge; Elmer Linville,same, and hunting without license;Albert Cameron, same; Ora Owens,hunting without license. The menwere summoned to appear for trialbefore County Judge George Batterton. The State authorities give noticethat the open season on rabbits doesnot begin until November 15. AllCounty Game Wardens in the Statewill be on active duty from now onuntil the close of the season on December 31. All hunters must havethe proper license, and must have itwith them when hunting. This isimperative, in order to avoid trouble.The easiest way out, as pointed outby Mr. Ward and Mr. Thomas, is forall to obey the law, which will bectrictly and impartially enforced.AT THE PARIS GRAND AND THEALAMO THEATRE.To-day, Tuesday, October 28, Alamo, afternoon and eveningGeorge Walsh, in "Help! Help!Police!" Antonio Moreno and CarolHolloway, in "Perils of ThunderMountain;" Harold Lloyd Comedy,"Don't Shove."To-morrow, Wednesday, October29 Alaimo, night only John Barrymore, in "The Lost Bridegroom;"Big V. Comedy, "Yaps and Yokels;"Bray Pictograph.Thursday, October 30 Alamo,night only Marguerite Clark, in"Miss George Washington;" Vod-a-ViJMovies; Pathe Review.SPEEDERS ARRESTED AFTERFOOTBALL GAME.Coming' trom the Lexington-Parisfootball game on Wright Field lastFriday afternoon, fifteen speed demons who thought they had but afew moments to live, burned thewind coming down Main street. Thevigilant eye of the law was uponthem, however, and the numbers oftheir machines were taken. On orders issued by Mayor January, Chiefof Police Link, Patrolmen Judy andLusk, notified the parties to appearin Police Court before Judge Martin,to answer to the charge of violatingthe speed laws.RED CROSS CHAPTER ELECTSNEW OPHCERS.At the meeting of the BourbonCounty Red Cross Chapter, held atthe court house yesterday afternoonthe following Board of Directors wasselected: James Caldwell, W. W.Mitchell, Mrs. J. Walter Payne, Ernest Darnaby, Mrs. George Current,Mrs. A. J. Winters, Mrs. EdwardBurke, Mrs. Wm. O. Hinton, Mrs.Robert Meteer, Mrs. Owen L. Davis,Misses Mary Spears and HelenHutchcraft. Mayor E. B. January,Dr. A. H. Keller, Mrs. FanniebelleSutherland and officers of the Commercial Club were made ex-offlciomembers of the Board by virtue oftheir office.From the Board the followingofficers were selected to serve for theensuing year: James Caldwell, president; Mrs. Robert Meteer, firstvice-president; Mrs. A. J. Winters,second vice-president; W. W. Mitchell, treasurer; Mrs. W. O. Hinton,assistant treasurer; Mrs. HelenHutchcraft, secretary. The following chairmen of committees were reappointed: Home Nursing, Mrs.Harry Kerslake; Home Service, Mrs.John F. Davis; Surgical Dressings,Mrs. Amos Turney, Jr.; Junior RedCross, Miss Olivia Orr; Home RedCross Roll Call, Mrs. Hiram Roseberry. The report of the Home Service,as made by Miss Mildred Collins,showed 28 Bourbon county men onrecord as having been dischargedfrom the army, 16 because of tuberculosis, two were gassed and oneshell-shocked. The report for September showed service rendered to37 families; information to nine families; 16 visits to homes; 20 collateral visits to employes, landlords,etc.; 60 letter written; 61 peoplecalling at the office for service."COME ALOW TO THE GRANDTO-NIGHT!To-night is the date that the musical comedy success, "Come Along,"comes along to the stage of TheGrand Opera House with its clevercompany numbering 35 people andwith song hits that make it one ofthe treats of the season, to say nothing of comedy that sparkles', costumes that are the niftiest ever wornby a chorus that sing and dance,and as for looks, well, we'll say theyare "there" in every sense of theword.New York thought so, too. That'sthe reason "Come Along tarried atthe Nora Bayes theatre for a successful run until New York audienceswere able to whistle the catchytunes and liked them so well thatpopularity soon became the middlename of the show. With prettygirls, stunning costumes and . aclever comedy its necessary that abackground of beauty and color besupplied to properly set off the ensembles to the highest degree and inthe three special sets carried by theorganization this feature has beenadequately taken care of.Paris, audiences are always partialto real snappy "girl" shows and in"Come Along" they have everythingthat can be desired to make anevening's enjoyment.AMERICAN WAR MOTHERS ATLEXINGTON, TO-DAY.The first annual meeting of theKentucky Chapter American WarMothers, will be held in Lexington,at the Parish House of Christ ChurchCathedral. Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft, ofParis, will be the presiding officer.Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft is KentuckyWar Mother of the State Chapter,Mrs. J. Walter Payne, CorrespondingSecretary, Mrs. Louis Rogers, Bourbon County War Mother, Mrs. AllieDickson, of North Middletown, member of the Committee on FutureWork, and Misses Mary FithianHutchcraft and Eleanor Payne, ofParis, are pages.o"FLYING SQUADRON" TO VISITPARIS TO-MORROW."The Flying Squadron," a combination of speakers and singers, sentout in teh interest of the prohibitionmovement, will visit Paris to-morrow,Wednesday, October 29. Aforty-five minutes meeting will beheld with speaking from the courthouse steps, in case the weather isfavorable. If the weather shouldprove inclement the meeting will beheld in the Circuit Court room.Dr. William Lyons, of Chicago,known as "the flying parson," willbe the principal speaker. - He willbe accompanied by a noted singer.The public is cordially invited to attend. Local speakers may also takerpart in the meeting.THE BEST INSURANCE.Insure your tobacco in thebarn against Fire and Windstorm withYERKES & PEED,Farmers & Traders Bank.(augl5-tf)oFORMER PARISIAN OPENS NEWATLANTA OFFICE.Mr. Brutus Clay, formerly of Paris,n.virt lines oon for several vears chiefattorney for the Cumberland Telephone Co., at Atlanta, ia., ucu unsigned that position, effective October 31. In notifying THE NEWS ofhis change of address Mr. Clay enclosed the following card:"Brutus J. Clay announces theopening of offices for the generalpractice of, law, 1012-15 .Citizensand Southern Bank Building, Atlanta; .Ga., November 1, 1919.".HEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSHarris &" Speakes sold at publicauction Friday for J. M. Smelser,his five-room cottage, on Virginiaavenue, to Mrs. Claude A. Chappell,lor ?i,480.Harris & Speakes, real estate dealers, sold at public auction on thepremises, the farm of 125 acres, belonging to Allen Vanhook, of Fayettecounty, for $325 an acre.Hutchings & West, real estatelagents of Carlisle, report the sale ofa. iuiun near lvmiersuurg, cuniammg108 acres, belonging to A. S. Shrout,to J. H. Martin, of Carlisle, for ?39,000. At the same time and place a herdof Jersey dairy cows belonging toMr. Rice sold for prices ranging,from ?125 to $21 0f a head; commonstock cows sold for $50 to $75 ahead, and two bulls for $75 a head.Claude Weathers sold Fridaythrough the Paris Realty Co., hisfarm of fourteen acres, located nearClintonville, to Mrs. Lucy Johnson,of Nelson county, for $7,000. Mrs.Johnson will be given possession onMarch 1, 1920, at which time shewill move to the place.. The C. U. Bramblette real estateagency, of Carlisle, sold a farm ofsixty acres, located near McGinnisford, in Bourbon county, belongingto Jonas Flora, "of Nicholas county,to Nathan Buchanan, of Bourboncounty, at a private price.The Harris & Speakes real estateagency sold Saturday at public auction for Luther K. Rice his farm,containing 57 acres, located onthe Clintonville pike, four and onehalf miles from Paris, to Clark &Kenney, of Paris, for $390 an acre.Twelve years ago Dr. William Ke'nney sold the farm to Mr. Rice for$109 an acre.The public sale of the farm belonging to the heirs of the late Mrs.C. W. Mathers, located near Millersburg, held yesterday by James Caldwell, agent for the heirs, was conducted by George D. Speakes, of Har-HrOS-TSneakes.The farm containing81.55 acres," was sold in threetracts, as follows: Tract No. 1, or150 acres, to John Turner, of Fayette county, for $230.65 an acre;Tract No. 2, 100 acres, to Chas. Layson, of near Millersburg, for $300 anacre; Tract No. 3, thirty acres, unimproved, to Joe Penn Redmon, of Millersburg, for $188.50 an acre. Thesale averaged $223 per acre. Thesale had been well advertised inNEWS.Y. M. C. A. NOTES.The Board ofv Directors of theBourbon County Y. M. C. A. have secured the Rev. Roger T. Nooe, pastor of the Frankfort Christianchurch, to deliver a lecture at theParis Grand Opera House, on Sunday night, November 2. Rev. Nooespent six months in France, and hislecture will deal with his experiencesin the war zone.The Physical Department Committee of the Y. M. C. A., is planningto hold a gymnastic demonstrationin the Y on the night of October 30,at eight o'clock. All the differentgroups and classes will participatein the exhibition. Teams are beingchosen from each class for the different games. The program will include tumbling, athletic games, apparatus exercises, clown stunts, basket ball games, wrestling, boxingand volley ball games.No admission will be charged forthis demonstration, and the public iscordially invited to attend. Ticketsfor the exhibition will be distributedby the members of the Board of Directors. COUNCIL PROCCEDINGSAt the last regular meeting of theParis City Council, Mayor Januarypresiding, and a full membershippresent, it was ordered that a specialmeeting be held Tuesday night, October 28, to hear the report of thecommittee having in charge the investigation of the management andconduct of the Massie MemorialHospital.Police Judge Ernest Martin submitted a report of business transacted in his court for the months ofAugust and September, showing atotal of $280 assessed in fines, ofwhich $227 was paid in. The Finance Committee reported the outstanding bonded indebtedness of thecity on Nov. 1 will be $104,500, ofwhich $7,000 will be paid on thatdate, also interest amounting to $2,572.50. A resolution was introduced andpassed granting the request of theHome Telephone Co. asking that theservice rate fixed by the Governmentbe continued for another year before the lower rate schedule goes into effect. License to conduct a softdrink stand and pool room in thePrice & Co. building on Main streetwas granted Stern & Co. "Mrs. HarryB. Clay was granted a permit to erecta garage at her residence on Duncan avenue, at a cost of $400. Theresolution construct pavements onClifton avenue was passed-to its second reading. L. W. Johnson, contime to Nov. 15 to repair Main" streetbetween Sixth and' Seventh withpermanent material. "FOUR BALLOTS WILL KEEPCLERKS BUSY.The office of clerk of the November election will be no sinecure thistime, as they will be required to putin a vast amount of clerical work, inwriting names of voters on ballots,stubs, making out tally sheets, etc.At this election the voters of thecounty will be confronted with fourballots, while in Millersburgthe city election will add to thetrials and tribulations of the officials.THE NEWS job rooms last weekcompleted and delivered to CountyClerk Pearce Paton the ballots forthe election to be held November 4.They are five in number. In the cityof Paris the voter will be handedfour ballots, the regular State ticketballot for the two parties; the prohibiion amendment; the city electionfor Councilmen, and the $60,000sanitary sewer bond issue, all to bevoted on then. Millersburg willhave an election for Councilmen.In the county there will be three ballots. If we miss it not, there will beseveral cases of "pen paralysis"among the clerks of the election before the returns are completed andready to be delivered to the CountyClerk's office.SUIT OVDER MULE LASTED SIXyears:A law suit over a mule valued at$135, which has been pending in theMontgomery Circuit Court for sixyears between John Gremwade, ofMt. Sterling, as plaintiff, and Wm.H. Whaley, of Paris, as defendant,has been decided in favor of Mr.Whaley.Six years ago the case was triedtwice in the same day without a verdict being rendered. The case wasthen assigned to the Circuit Court,and was four times assigned fortrial, and passed at heavy cost toboth litigants in court fees.Whaley won out on the factsproven, and the law. It is estimated that the costs in the case willaggregate over $1,000.oB-4 FIREInsure withW.O. HINTON &SQN,AgtsSTOLL OIL CO. PLANT AT LEXINGTON BUB3ED.fm-ia. n1n ami?. rfCnn. rt llin Cinlt Sltl" '"' " W"Vcompany, a two-story brick buildingon Bellaire avenue, in Lexington,was destroyed Friday afternoon byfire, which started when a back-firefrom a pumping engine ignited somelubricating oil.A C. Stokley, sales manager forthe company, said it was not possible to place an estimate on the loss,which would, however, prove to belarge as in addition to the plant andstock lost a large amount of valuable equipment was destroyed.WE KNOW HOWWe Honestly Believe that We are Rendering a Service to the Men of Paris inRecommending and SellingSTniN-BLOCHSMART CLOTHESTrue economy does not consist of buying articles because they are low priced. Frequently thepurchase of a low priced suit may prove to be thegreatest extravagance. The measure ot economyis to be found in the measure of value.There are are no clothes made where the measure of value is greater than in STEIN-BLOCHSMART CLOTHES where you will find such acomplete and satisfying combination of tailoring,style, high quality of material, and all otherfactorsthat enter into genuine worth.We know, from our long experience in theclothing business, that we could offer you no betterclothes at at any price. No better are made. Andit is a great source of satisfaction to us to be able tooffer such clothes at prices you would ordinarily expect to pay for clothes. of inferior quality.Prices $25.00 to $60.00MITCHELL &Stetsen HatsManhattan ShirtsPARIS GIRL SEES B ALTDC01XEROM CURTISS AIRPLANEMiss Clennie Lusby, formerly ofParis, who is now reconstruction aid.in the U. S. Army General HospitalNo. 2, at Fort McHenry, near Baltimore, Maryland, recently had tkmunique pleasure of inspecting Baltf-Jmore from an altitude of four thonand feet, making the flight in amarmy Curtiss sea-plane. In a letterto a Paris friend, Miss Lusby tellsomething of her experience:"I have always said there are noimpossible things. About twelYyears ago I wanted to go up in aballoon, but my family were so horrified that I gave it up. Not so theidea, however. Instead I vowed tohave an air trip the first opportunitythat presented itself."That opportunity came recentlywhen properly coated and goggled, I.entered a Curtiss seaplane, and hadan hour's trip over the city of Baltimore at an elevation of four thousand feet. After being seated themotor was started and we glidedalong on the water for a few hundred feet, then the graceful nose ofthe seaplane slowly lifted, and almost before I knew it, we were flying along between, land and sky, andlooking at the most glorious panorama of water, land, city, parks,etc., that I have ever seen. Dizzy?No. Sick? No. Nor did the sudden elevation leave other than stslight ringing in my ears after I hadlanded."We were going smoothly along:at the rate of seventy miles an hourrwhen a sudden dip made me clutchthe side of the car, and I realizedthat we were preparing to land. Ina slowly narrowing spiral we at lastreached the water, and glided intoport, and I stepped out, having hada thrill such as I hardly dared expect. The pilot told me if I cared tomake another flight he would teach,me how to steer the aircraft, so I anexpecting to make another flightsoon. I may visit Paris in an air-plane some time next summer"GIRL ARRESTED CHARGED" WITH STEALING CLOTHESIrene Wigglesworth, a young Lexington girl, was arrested in that cityFriday afternoon by Patrolman McCarthy on a charge of being a. fugitive from justice. The girl, it isalleged, was charged with, stealingclothing belonging to Mrs. GraceWhalen, of Bourbon county, while imthe employ of the Whalen family,who reside near Paris. The arrestwas made on a warrant issued byCounty Judge George Batterton, ofthe Bourbon County Court.-Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanBLAKEMORENtttMan ShsDr. Rtts Cushfe Ma'.I .-." Vf t AGE TWO- "nniTHE BOUBBON NEWS, PABIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1919.i!l :fiMII'nit BOURBON NEWSittblished 188137 Years of Conthraous Publicationablished Every Tuesday and Fridayr Year.. $2.00 6 Months. .? 1.00Payable in Adavance.1WIFT CHAMP. Editor and Owner.flfctered at the Paris, Kentucky,Fottomce ai mui jaauer ui uxoBecond Class.)DEMOCRATIC TICKET.For Governor:James D. Black.For Lieutenant Governor:W H. Shanks.For Secretary of State:Mat S. Cohen.For Auditor of Public Accounts :Henry M. Bosworth.For Attorney General:Frank E. Daugherty.for Clerk of the Court of Appeals:John A. Goodman,r Superintendent of Public Instruction :li. E. Foster.J?or Commissioner of Agriculture:John W. Newman.For Bepresentative :James H. Thompson.FOR COUNCILMEN- First Ward:" J. IL Moreland, N. F. Brent, JohnJ. Wiliiams., Second Ward:"Edward Burke.1 Hugh Brent.Catesby Spears.Third Ward:George Doyle. ;EDITORIAL MUSINGS.-; Garden of Eden Ris:h Here.T A lot of high-brows are againsearching for the Garden of Edenand authorities agree that it is located somewhere in the Mesopotamian Valley within the area of thosetwo great rivers, the Tigris andEuphrates.Just what those old bookwormsand scientific gents want to beprowling around southwestern Asiain search of "a fertile and happy region," as the dictionary states theGarden of Eden to be, is beyond ourken, for our notion of that sectionof the globe is sort of mixed up wungrouchy camels plowing around kneedeep in sand, smelling like an Egyptian cigaratte and going without adrink for weeks at a time. Theoriginal place where our first parentswere placed during their period ofprobation may be over where thesad-eyed Sphnix keeps mum or yetleftwise toward the sea that is red-with crocodiles with mouths like U.S Senators, that eat up nigger babiesana where Pharo's daughter, (according to her testimony in thecase) found little Moses paddlingamong the bullrushes, but if the die-BRIGHTERglgjYJV JNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.Oectre'ctyfor CigbtingIt's the only satisfactory way.use SasTor gating and CookingIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix You UpFor the Use o! BothElectricity and Gas.Paris Gas & Electric Co.IXioorKiatti)y vw8ft.T'tionary is right the Garden of Edenis not there, for that cannot be saideven with a real estate agent'sstretch of imagination to be "a fertile and happy region."The nearest place to the land ofmilk and honey, or fig and appleorchards, this scribe has ever ranacross in his multitudious meanderings is right here in the good oldU. S. A.Water Is Fine Stuff.Several orthodox denominationsare making a fuss again over the oldquestion of whether one should besprinkled or immersed when accepted into the fold. Ah, don't quarrelover technicalities, brothers. Give'em both, and if that is not enoughpour some of it down the inside.Water is a fine remedy for most everything. And if water isn't strongenough, try sheep dip.Milk and Money and CoinIt is mighty nice out in the country where the fields are ripe, theflowers blooming, and the birds making love, and where the barefoot boywith cheeks of tan and one gallusworries the fleet-footed angle wormwith a narrow-gauge plow, andhikes over the dew bespatteredmeadows after the brindle cow withthe crumpled horn. We'd be a farmer in a minute if we only knew howand had sense enough.Not Much DanererAn exchange worries for fear women will catch cold if they don'tquit going bareheaded. With themore or less gentle sex having anabundant head of hair to start withand reinforcing that with baled hay,felt mattresses, rats, puffs, excelsiorswitches, a gross of hairpins and ayard or two of six-inch ribbon, thedanger is not apparent.An OrdinancePROVIDING FOR THE IMPROVEMENT OF NORTH CLIFTONSTREET, IN THE CITY OFPARIS, BY THE ORIGINAL CONSTRUCTION OF CONCRETESIDEWALKS IN FRONT OF THEPROPERTY OF R. G. GRIFFIN.JOHN CHRISTMAN, WILLIAMTAKR, JAMES CRAVEN, JOHNSHEARER, JAMES EADS, CHAS.DUNCAN AND WILLIAM TALBOTT, PURSUANT TO RESOLUTION HERETOFORE ADOPTEDON AUGUST 28, 1919, AND PUBLISHED ON AUGUST 28, 1919,AT THE EXCLUSIVE COST OFTHE PROPERTY OWNERS, ANDPROVIDING FOR THE PAYMENT OF THE COST THEREOF.1. BE IT ORDAINED by theMayor and Board of Council of theCity of Paris that North CliftonStreet, a public street in the City ofParis, be improved by the construction of concrete pavements in frontof the property of R. G. Griffin,John Christman, Mrs. William Taiv,James Craven, John Shearer, JamesEads, Charles Duncan and WilliamTalbott, whose property abuts onsaid street.2. That said pavements be madeof concrete, according1 to the plans,specifications and grades heretoforeadopted by the City of Paris, whichare on file in the ofli.ee of the Clerkof the Board of Council.3. That said improvements bemade at the exclusive cost of theproperty owners.4. That the contract for makingsaid improvements be let to the lowest and best bidder, after advertisement, for two consecutive weeks inthe official publications of the Cityof Paris; provided, however, thatany one of said property owners mayconstruct the pavement in front ofhis or her own property, providedsame is done within fifteen daysfrom and after the passage and- publication of this ordinance as requiredby lav.5. That the cost of said improvements be apportioned among andassessed upon the lots or parcels ofreal estate in front of which -thesame is made in proportio nto theabutting feet of same; and that a taxshall be levied upon such lots or parcels of real estate for the payment ofthe costs assessed thereon, which taxshall be due and payable at theCity Treasurer's office upon the completion of the work and the acceptance thereof by the Board of Council.6. If any of such tax, so apportioned and assessed, be not paidwithin thirty days after the same becomes due, there shall be added apenalty thereto of ten per cent, ofthe amount of tax; and there shallbe a lien upon such lots or parcels ofreal estate for the part of the costsof such improvements so assessedthereon; and the same shall bear interest at the rate of six per cent, perannum from the time of the assessment of said tax until paid; provided, however, that said improvementsmay be made upon the ten year payment plan as provided by law.7. THIS ORDINANCE shall havetwo readings before the BoardofCouncil, and ten days shall intervene between the first and secondreadings; and same shall v then become effective after its passage andpublication as required by law.E. B. JANUARY,Mayor.J. W. HAYDEN; - JCity Clerk.FoundMetropolitan 15-year Service Pin,Issue of 1903. Found on streets ofParis. Owner may have same bypaying for this advertisement andproving property. (af)Steinway Pianos.Mr. H. C. McKim, of Cincinnati,representing the Steinway, is inParis, stopping at the Y. M. C. A.He will be glad to communicate withjhose desiring Steinway instrumentsor player-pianos. (26-tf)ror Sale Privately"Six-room cottage located at 268.t. Airy Avenue, is for sale privately. This is one of the most desirable pieces of residence propertyIn the city, being located in the bestneighborhood in Paris. House contains 6 rooms, bath, porches, waterworks, electric lights and all modernconveniences.Lot is 76 2-3x200 feet. A nicebuilding lot could be taken off side.Any one desiring a nice home woulddo well to look this property over.For turtner particulars inquire onthe premises.MRS. LIDA B. CONWAY,Paris, Kentucky.Home Phone 337. (21-tf)An OrdinancePROVIDING FOR THE IMPROVEMENT OF SOUTH CLIFTONSTREET, IN THE CITY OFPARK, BY THE ORIGINAL CONSTRUCTION OF CONCRETESIDEWALKS IN FRONT OF THEPROPERTY OF ALFRED BUCKLEY, MRS. R. M. HARRIS, RICHARD STEWART, M. 0. BIDDLE,MRS. HANNAH BUTLER, P. J.McCORD, MRS. MICHAEL 0'CONNELL, MRS. NETTIE GARDNER,E. J. WELSH, AND PURSUANTTO RESOLUTION HERETOFOREADOPTED ON AUGUST 28, 1919,AND PUBLISHED ON AUGUST28, 1919, AT THE EXCLUSIVECOST OF THE PROPERTY OWNERS, AND PROVIDING FOR THEPAYMENT OF THE COSTSTHEREOF.1. BE IT ORDAINED by theMayor and Board of Council of theCity of Paris, that South CliftonStreet, a public street in the Ciy ofParis, be improved by the construction of concrete pavements in frontof the property of Alfred Buckley,Mrs. R. M. Harris, Richard Stewart,M. O. Biddle, Mrs. Hannah Butler,P. J.McCord, Mrs. Michael O'Connell, Mrs. Nettie Gardner, E. J.Welsh, whose property abuts on saidstreet.2. That said pavement be madeof concrete, according to plans, specifications and grades heretoforeadopted by the City of Paris, whichaie on file in the office of the Clerkof the Board of Council.3. That said improvement bemade at the exclusive cost of theproperty owners.4. That the contract for makingsaid improvements be let to the lowest and best bidder, after advertisement for two consecutive weeks inthe official publications of the City ofParis; provided,' however, that anyone of said property owners may construct the pavement in front of hisor her own property, provided sameis done within fifteen days fromand after the passage and publication of this ordinance as required bylaw. - '5. That the cost of said improvements be apportioned among andassessed upon the lots or parcels ofreal estate in front of which thesame is made in proportion to theabutting feet of same; and that a taxshall be levied upon such lots or parcels of real estate for the paymentof the costs assessed thereon, whichtax shall be due and payable at theCity Treasurer's office upon the completion of the work and acceptancethereof by the Board of Council.67 If any such tax, so apportioned and assessed, be not paid withinthirty days after the same becomesdue, there shall be added thereto apenalty of ten per cent, of theamount of tax; and there shall be alien upon such lots or parcels of realestate for the part of the costs ofsuch improvements so assessed thereon; and the same shall bear interestat the rate of six per cent, per annum from the time of the assessmentof said tax until paid; provided,however, that said improvementsmay be made upon the ten year payment plan as provided by law.7. This Ordinance shall have tworeadings before 'the Board of Council,and ten days shall intervene betweenthe first and second reading; andsame shall then, become effective af-(ter its passage and publication as required by law. - ?E. B. JANUARY.Mayor.J. W. HAYDEN,City Clerk.For SaleHouse and 5 living rooms, in thebest business location on MainStreet, in Paris.H. SCHANKER,(24-2t) Erlanger, Ky.Administrator's Notice!All persons having claimis againstthe estate of Mrs. Sallie E. Bashford,deceased, will please present them,properly proven, as required by law,to the undersigned Adminstrator, atthe Peoples and Deposit Bank &Trust Company, corner of Main andFourth streets, Paris, Ky.All persons knowing themselvesindebted to the estate of the saidMrs. Sallie E. Bashford, deceased,are requested to call and makeprompt and full settlement of suchindebtedness.CLARENCE K. THOMAS,Administrator of Mrs. Sallie E. Bashford, Deceased.(24-3wks)NOTICE!Notice is hereby given that theBoard of Council of the City of ParisHKentucky, by ordinance passed atthe regular meeting of said Council,on August 28, 1919, approved by theMayor, and published as required bylaw, called and ordered an electionto be held on the next regular election day, being November 4, 1919,for the purpose of submitting to thequalified voters of the City of Paris,Kentucky, the following question,to-wit:Are you in favor of issuing bondsof the City of Paris, Kentucky, in thesum of Sixty Thousand Dollars,($60,000.00), to be paid in leviesmade annually to meet said bondsand the interest thereof, for the purpose of constructing and extendingthe sanitary sewer system of theCity of Paris on the followingstreets, to-wit:"Main street from Fourteenthstreet to Twentieth street."Fourteenth street from Mainstreet to Jackson street."Clifton street to a sanitary seweron Clintonville pike from a point 50feet east of the L. & N. Railroad tothe intersection of Clifton street."On Clifton street from its intersection with Clintonville pike toNineteenth street; from its intersection with Nineteenth street 700feet to a lateral sewer."On Brent street from its intersection with Clintonville pike for adistance of 620 feet north, and onBrent street from its intersectionwith Nineteenth street 740 feetnorth to a lateral sewer."On Nineteenth street from its intersection with uiiiton street to apoint 140 feet east from the centerline of Main street."On Nineteenth street from its intersection witn unrton street to aDl CCl LU "'point 140 feet East on Brent street."On Tenth street from Pleasantstreet to L. & N. depot; thence southwith right of way of L. & N. Railroad to Winchester street."On Parrish avenue from Vinestreet to Link avenue."On Vine street from Parrish avenue to Harmon street.-"On Link avenue 100 feet northand 100 feet south of Parrish avenue. "On Scott avenue from a point 303feet west of Washington street to apoint 370 feet west of L. & N. Rail-road, a sanitary sewer in privateright of way from trunk sewer toClifton street."On Maysville street from Scottavenue 350 feet north?"J. W. HAYDEN,Clerk of the Board of Council of theCity of Paris, Kentucky.PUBLIC AUCTIOn the premises, about 1 mileThese little farms will be sold as they are knocked down and you get what you buy ' :No. 1-Has about 15 acres and on it is a nice 5-room cottage, with good cellar, hen house, smokehouse, and fine orchard, 5 acre tobacco barn, all under good fences and well watered'N' 2TlIS ""IfPr0Ved a" m B,Ub &aSS CXCept 2 acres and ready fr Plow and contains aboutl acresNo. 3 Is unimproved all in Blue Grass and contains about 7 acres, all of these farms are water-ed by Houston Creek which insures everlasting water.The above belong to Hugh French. - -N' 4ZSXt? "" Me SfTw wT' aU Hnds of out buMig wM good cistern and contains about 1 acre owned by J. W. Wilson, and opposite Tract No. 3.No. 5. Has on it a new bungalow, 5-rooms, finished on first floor, second floor is floored andy?n f fmifh 2re rLooms h?n house and new barn and never failing pool,ed by WOKamTo6" er " P n lhe r0ad and Cnlains abont 3 acres wn'All the above will be sold on easy terms and announced on day of sale- 'Apply toPARIS REALTY COMPANYS12-514 Main Street C: P. MANN.and H. S. REDMON Pi,, Kentucky.- (22oXCe Wi Lee"Kel m Con,Pny ' C. E. VAN HOOK, Auctioer.and CarsHireForServiceable truck and, cars -for hireat reasonable rates. Taxicab serviceday and night.S. R. HUDNALL,Both Phones. At Ruggles Garage.TruckSmall Bourbon FarmAt Public AuctionON THE PREMISES NEAR AUSTERLITZ, ON 'Tuesday, October 28, 191 9, at 2 O'clock P.M.We, as agents for J. L. Marders, administrator of the late Geo. W. Morrow, will sell his home place of 55 acres more or les, on the North Middletown and Austerlitz Pike, one-ialf miles from Austerlitz, three-quartersmile from Clinton vile, ten miles from Paris and 16 miles from Lexington. The improvements consist of a six-room cottage, cellar under entirehouse, force pump and sink in kitchen, good cistern, natural gas infront of house, hen house, meat house, two barns, two corn cribs, cabinand buggy house suitable for garage, 25 acres in old sod and ready fortobacco, 13 acres in corn and 14 acres in timothy.At the same time and place we will sell the following live stock: 4horses, 5 mules, team half Percheron 5 to 6 years old; hay presses, goodas new; short horn cow and calf, one 1,000-pound short horn heifer,12 shoats, 5 hogs, 2 sows 2 sows and pigs, chickens, bees, 400shocks corn, 72 bales straw, wagons, plows, cultivator, feed slide, goo&buggy and wagon, harness, cook stove, and many other things too numerous to (mention.TERMS Liberal, and made known on day of sale.HARRIS & SPEAKES, AgentsL. D. HARRIS, Business Manager. COL. GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer(21oct-3t)PUBLIC SALEOPStock, Crop, Implements, Etc.Having sold my farm near Paris, and my property in Paris, I willoffer at public sale, on the premis es, on the Clintonville pike, onFriday, October 31, 1919,at about the hour of 10:00 o'clock,stock, crops, farming implements,Three mules, 4 to 7 years old;One 2-year-old gelding;One 3-year-old draft mare;Ona O-troof-rwIrl Aynft- rrnlAi-nrri J ".. ,x j uticcj Vyirwo, cAua guuu,Nine pure-bred Duroc sows and pigs;One Duroc boar;Nine meat hogs;25,000 tobacco sticks;Seven shoats, weight 100 each;Twenty-three yearling Southdownewes;One registered buck;Two gas engines, 2 and 15 horsepower;Smalley ensilage cutter, none better;i One DeLevel Cream Separator;! One McCormick corn harvester:j Gear; harness; hoes; rakes; forks;Farm machinery of all kinds;8.COL. GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer.SMALL FARMATfrom the city limits of Paris, on theAY. 00T0BER9 w-tCawleigh's All Medicine Hog Mixture rQuality First; Results Assured.Try 100 pounds. Money refunded Ift satisfied. Cost one-fifth of a centr average dose.Dall Cumberland Phone 487; Homeone 256, for further information.H. 0. BIDDLE,The Hawleieh Man.8augr-ttta. m.,etc:the following described liveOne International Hayv Press;self-feed; 'good as new;Cultipacker, and, in short, everything used on a well-equippedfarm all in first-class condition; One Buick roadster, 1918 model, infirst-class condition;Thirty acres ofcorn in shock;Fifty tons of good baled straw;Household and kitchen furniture;Large lot of other things too numerous to enumerate here.Ten Individual Hog Houses;One New Idea Manure Spreader;One Deering Binder;One Deering Mower;Two Self-feeders;One 10-barrel Galvanized Tank;Meat and Lard;D. THOMPSCZ3KSZ5a?3KrkBethlehem Pike, at 2:30 p. m.29. mw n tt a -SF1EBV5F3M BKTUESDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1919.THE BOTOBOH HEWS. PAltIS, JULNTUIX!- fXFZWILL TIE !INFLUENZARETURN?WAR MOTHERS TO MEET.Public Health Authorities PredictIts RecurrenceGuard Against It By Building Upthe BloodPepto-Mangan Creates Eich BedBlood and IncreasesStrengthSurgeon General Blue, of th'e United States Public Health Service, in arecent statement from Washington,warns the public that the muchdreaded influenza epidemic willprobably return this fall and winter.All medical authorities agree thatthe weak, bloodless, rundown individual is more likely to contractthis (as well as any other infectiousdisease) than is the strong, robustand red-blooded man or woman. Inview of these facts, it is wise to useevery effort to build up the bloodand thus increase the bodily resistance to the invasion of the germsof the disease. Guide's Pepto-Manganis an absolutely dependable redblood builder in all conditions of lowered vitality not due to serious disease of the vital organs. It improves the appetite, imparts color tothe cheeks, and creates new hopeand ambition in those who have become pale, weak, and listless. Physicians recommend Guide's PeptoMangan. When you order, b esurethe word "Guide's" is on the package. Without "Guide's," it is notPepto-Mangan. Furnished in bothliquid and tablet form. For sale byall druggists.(adv)The first Annual Convention of theKentucky Chapter of American WarMothers will be held in the ParishHouse, corner Market and ChurchStreets, opposite the Y. M. C. A.cafeteria, Lexington, October 28.The' Board of Directors, composedof Oficers and County War Mothers,will meet at 9 a. m. The Convention proper will begin at 10:30 a. m.The mother of every son anddaughter who served in the Army orNavy Is urged to attend.Only delegates may vote. TheCounty War Mothers are delegates byvirtue of their .office. In addition,each County Unit is entitled to onedelegate for every fifteen members.An intesesting and profitable program is being planned with reportsfrom the National Convention, addreses by Miss Mary E. Sweeney andothers, songs by a quartette of soldier boys, etc.GIRLS! A MASSOF WAVY, GLEAMYBEAUTIFUL HAIRLet "Danderine" save andglorify your hairThe fact that this world does notagree with you gives no certaintythat the next one will.Many men think they are saintsbeca"150 tliZj nave such an intensehatred of certain sinners.CATABBH CAIOTOT BE CUREDWith LOCAL APPLICATIONS, asthey cannot reach the seat of the disease. Catarrh is a local disease,greatly influenced by constitutionalconditions, and in order to cure ityou most take an internal remedy.Hall's Catarrh Medicine is taken internally and acts through the bloodon the mucous surfaces of the system. Hall's Catarrh Medicine wasprescribed by one of the best" physicians in this county for years. Itis composed of some of the best tonics known, combined with some ofthe best blood purifiers. The perfectcombination of the ingredients inHall's Catarrh Medicine is what produces such wonderful results in catarrhal, conditions. Send for testimonials, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Props., Toledo, O.All Druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for constipation. oct-adv)jOh, girls, such an abundance ofthick, heavy, invigorated hair; a perfect mass of wavy, silky hair, gloriously fluffy, bright and so easy tomanage.Just moisten a cloth with a little! "Danderine" and carefully draw itthrough your hair, taking one smallstrand at a time; this magically removes all dirt, excess oil and grease,but your hair is not, left brittle, dry,stringy or faded, but charminglysoft, with glossy, golden gleams andtender lights. The youthful glints,tints and color are again in yourhair."Danderine" is a tonic-beautifier,Besides doubling the beauty of thehair at once, it checks dandruff andstops falling hair. Get delightfulDanderine for a few cents at anydrug or toilet counter and use it asa dressing and invigorator as told onbottle.(adv)oThe devil has no more effectiveweapon than the Christian's rustysword.A MAN AND HIS WIFEPROGRAM POR D..A. R. CONVENTION.The program for the annual conference of the Daughters of theAmerican Revolution in Lexington,October 29 and 90, at the PhoenixHotel has been announced.The Lexington and Bryan StationChapters are to be hosts to the StateFederation. In addition to a program full of interest and inspirationthere will be a number of social affairs. "On Tuesday evening preceding theconference, which opens Wednesday ,rlan informal reception, in honor ofthe delegates will be held- at thehotel, in the ball room. The Lexington Chapter U. D. C. will give atea from 4 to 5:30 o'clock on Wednesday afternoon in the studio of theLexington College of Music.Mrs. Samuel J. Shackleford, theState Regent, will have as her personal pages, Miss Dorothy ShelbyShackleford, her daughter, of Frankfort, and Miss Dunster Duncan Foster, of Lexington.The other pages for the conferenceare Miss Lillian C. Collins, (Paris),Elizabeth Noel Gaines, Anna Nelson,Mary Holiday, Willye CromwellColeman, Minnie Ball Moore, Elizabeth Talaferro Beckner, Mary Adams. Talbott, (Paris), Isabel West.Mrs. Douglas King is chairman" ofthe Pages.oTOBACCO STRIPPING AIDED BYTHE RAINS.Tobacco mien of the county generally express themselves as beingmuch gratified over the prospects fora splendid market when the warehouses open for business in December. The weather of the past week hasbeen decidedly favorable for stripping the weed. Generally Octoberis a dry month, but the recent rainyweather was fine for handling tobacco and getting it "in case,"without much waste or damage, andthe growers of Bourbon county havebeen taking advantage of this condition to strip the weed and get itready for early delivery to the market. It is therefore anticipated thatwhen the Bourbon market opensthere will be plenty of tobacco onthe floors ready for the buyers. Indications are that the market is going to start off strong, with pricesruling higher than last year at theopening.IINDIGESTION j Wolf, Wile & Co.WHAT'S THE REASON.may both derive saiisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings U3.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40Home Phone 169Save Time and MooeiBy Using aHome TelephoneResidence rate ranging from 1.25 to$2.00 per month for Bourbon Countyservice.Place your order now and avoid triefall rtisri on inetalls.Paris Home Telephone TelegraphCompany- - (Incorporated) '."J IiaSllIiaWIIIfiJJ Jt Vettcli, District JCana$p . W. H. Cannony Local Manager.Many Paris People In Poor HealthWithout Knowing the CauseThere are scores of people whodrag out a miserable existence without realizing the cause of their suffering. Day after day they are racked with backache and headache; suffer from nervousness, dizziness,weakness, languor and depression.Perhaps the kidneys have fallen behind in their work of filtering theblood and that may be the root ofthe trouble. Look to your kidneys,assist them in their work give themthe help they need. You can use nomore highly recommended remedythan Doan's Kidney Pills endorsedby people all over the country andby your neighbors in Paris.Mrs. John Mastin, 1439 Highstreet, Paris, says: "I have usedDoan's Kidney Pills with good results and I know from the help theygave me that they would be 'just asbenefiicial in other cases of kidneytrouble. I had a dead, dull acheacross the small of my back and mykidneys acted irregularly. Doan'sKidney Pills rid one of those complaints, and if I should need a kidney remedy again I would certainlytake Doan's."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Mastin had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.-OA BARGAIN IN GOOD BEADING.Rape's Diapepsin" makesDisordered Stomachsfeel fine at once 1'''ll.til"lt-'MM"'Lumps of undigested food causingpain. When your stomach is acid,and is gassy,, sour or you have heartburn, flatulence, headache or dyspepsia, here is speedy relief no waiting. Eat a tablet or two of Pape's Diapepsin and instantly your stomachfeels fine. All the indigestion pain,gases, acidity and misery in thestomach caused by acidity ends.Pape's Diapepsin tablets cost littleat any drug store, but there is nosurer or quicker stomach antacidknown.(adv)Thirty-five volumes of the bestreading in weekly installmentsfor less than five cents a week. Thatis just what The Youth's Companionoffer for 1920 really means. The contents of the new volume, which willinclude 8 serial stories, over 200short stories, fifty or more aritcles bymen of great attainment, sketches,special departments, and so forth,would make 35 good volumes (at$1.65 each) is published in bookform.Not a line is waste reading. Youget something always worth remembering, worth using as a guide toyour thoughts and actions.If you subscribe as soon as you seethis notice you "vill receive all theextras mentioned in the followingoffer, including the opening chapters of Harry's Herd, a fascinating,10-chapter story of life on a cattleranch.New subscribers for 1920 will reeive: 1. The Youth's Companion 52 issues in 1920.2. All remaining weekly 1919 issues.3. The Companion Home Calendar for1920. All the above for $2.50.4. McCall's Magazine for 1920, $1.00the (monthly fashion authority.Both publications for only $2.95.THE YOUTH'S COMPANION, Commonwealth Ave. & St. Paul St., Boston, Mass.-o"Labor-Saving Devices.Water is used to transport fine colthrough pipes, "and in Oregon a blastof air is used to load hay in freightcars. The hay Is drawn up to a deckor float beside the car to be loaded, acrane then lifts the hay to this platform, and a blower, driven by a gaso-jline engine, hurls the hay forcibly Into the car, p. eking it better than canbe done with old-fashioned hand fork.It's better to take chances on pauperizing some than to starve yourjown sum uy ueiiyiug uu iu w.Sensitive, ItchingScalpsMade Comfortable withan application of Follicle Lotion, followed by anight-massage with Scalp Pomade after takingMarineiloKot Oil TreatmentRelief is quickly obtained and a new growth ofhair stimulated. Full information.MRS. M. A. PATONTAXE - CABSERVICEAUTO LIVERY CO.E. McCracken, Prop.Redmon Motor Car CompanyNight Call 760AnnounceA Complete NewDisplay of Tailoredand Fur TrimmedSuitsFor Young Womendeveloped along the lateststraight line and rippled coateffects. Very clinging materialsonly are used.New Coat Modelswith large fur collars that canbe fastened, close and comfortable to the neck or lay flat andcomfortable over the shoulders.Rich, soft Bolivias.Evora Cloths,Duvetyn's, Velours and PeachBloom.New Ideas in DressesCharming" models in street, afternoon and formal eveninggowns, fashioned from satineharmeuse, duvet superior, silkvelvets and crepe meteor in thelatest bouffant effects. Allmoderately priced.Wolf, Wile C& Co.Lexington, Ky.c" - .-The Buick Built Crank Shaft Jhas been designated as the back bone of this famous , -ft- .Valve-in-Head Motor because it must ivithstand the " &"'impact of every powerful explosion that takes place t 4' ' in the Buick Valve-in-Head cylinder. f ;r5Strength, accuracy and toughness are the fundamentalrequirements gauged, hammered and tempered into eachcrank shaft thru the rigid processes of expert machining,modern drop forging and special electric heating treatmentMaterials of the highest grade, Cfirome nickel-steel of aspecial formulae subjected to riid mp.t9liircnV.ai ,chemical tests, are other evidences showing how com- 'plete the Buick Factory is equipped to manufacture, this,important unit so essential in the successful operation ofthe powerful Buick Valve-in-Head motor.When Better Automobiles Are Built BUICK Will Build Them jC. S. BALL GARAGEFourth and Pleasant Streets,iJdw,,l " - '..V2?SEB--'--- -i- Sjr.r it Tonif-81 ftfflE10ITRJ0jncwat , jpiiis, juuwutaii ;- nET"TOTSDATrOCTOBER 2$, lflf.irfIIm-JTOBHC SPEAKING AT COURT? PABIS JHIGH SCHOOL TEAMDE-HOUSE WEDNESDAY.Announcement has been madefrom headquarters of the BourhomXJounty Republican Campaign Com, jnittee of the coming of Hon. EdwinMorrow, to Paris. Mr. Morrow willjtidress the voters of the county atthe court house, in this city, on Wednesday night, October 29, at 7:00o'clock, in the interest of the Republican State ticket and his own candidacy for Governor. Mr. Morrow is.an orator of note, and will no doubtbe greeted by a large audience.For SaleTwo upright pianos, one Baldwinmud one Cable & Son. Address,H. C. McKIM,Care Y. M. C. A.,(28-3t) . Paris, Ky.For Rent or SaleMy residence on Second street isfor sale privately. Any one interested will be shown over the premises.MRS. J. M. RION,(lt-pd) Cumb. Phone 342.Pine Cattle For SaleI have 48 head of fancy feeding.steers for sale. Will weigh around1,000 pounds; also 18 head yearlingsteers.T. J. LEWIS,Frankort, Ky., Route 1,(28-tg) Home Phone 425.WANTEDLive dealer with plenty of "pep"to handle well-known standardtruck in this county. Reply promptly before territory is closed.J. S. B.,1524 John Street, Cincinnati, Ohio.(It)EEATOD BY LEXINGTONThe Lexington High School football team came out on the long endof a 20 to 12 score on Wright Field,near Paris, Friday afternoon, in ahard-fought contest with the ParisHigh School team. The game wasfeatured by the fast backfleld runingof Turner, for Lexington, and the defense work of Rice for Paris. Turner, Wallace and Bedford scoredtouchdowns for Lexington, while thefirst one for Paris was made by athirty-five yard pass from Tucker toRice. The second one came whenMcClintock intercepted a forwardpass and ran eighty yards for atouchdown. Once Lexington adington advanced the ball to Paris'three-yard line, but couldn't advanceanother foot in four tries. Theteams lined up as follows:Lexington Foster and Pettet,ends; Louigart and Gibson, tackles;Yakes, center; Beatty and Spillman,guards; Thompson, quarter; Turnerand Wallace, halves, and Bedford,full.Paris Rice, Jacoby, Dundon,Welsh, ends; Taul and Arnsparger,tackles; Shively and Adair, guards;Baldwin, center; Roberts, quarter;McClintock, Tucker and Clarke,halves, and Denton, full.Score by quarters:Lexington 0 7 6 7 20Paris 0 0 0 12 12iWhen friendship is but aladder the soul goes downthan the feet can climb up.socialfasterFor SaleA No .5 Oliver typewriter, in excellent condition, with oflice case.Call at this oflice. (It)For SaleNew five-ton Fairbanks StockScales. Never been taken fromboxes.w. h. McMillan,(28-2t) Paris, Ky.5v$10In GoldForwthe Best Ten Word Testimonial onriuDerw i m m mMARKRESGTEREDPure Food ProductsEtch testimonial to be accompanied by a label from a packageof Serv-Us GoodsCONTEST CLOSES NOVEMBER I, 1919Mr. George Lewis, of New York, President of The Serr-UsGrocery Products Co. to act as judge. Contest open to any oneexcept our employees. Send your testimonial to us.THE POWER GROCERY CO.PARIS, KY.TJhe Sheraton j(rt 7focielNow On Display in Our Store.Come in and and let us show you this wonderful machine,and hear it play. MO NEEDLES TO CHANGE.BALION MA CHINMSee this machine and hear it play.Vhe Jiuto &ileL J5baB JA- Fcatuturc Exclusivewith theDalion Machine.Christmas is drawing near. Don't .be disappointed ingetting your machine on time. From the information that"we receive from the manufacturers they will be just ascarce this year as last. -Come in and make an early selection.SSrooks dt Snapp Drit(j Co.DEATHS.EADS.Laura Eads, infant daughter ofThomas K. and Maude Hall Eads,died Friday morning at the home ofher parents, on Vine street, in thiscity. The body was interred in theWinchester Cemetery, Saturday.WASSON.James S. Wasson, aged five andone-half years, died at the home 8this parents, Mr. and Mrs. Jos. Wasson, near Bunker Hill, this county,after a short illness of scarlet feverand diphtheria. The body was interred in the Carlisle Cemetery.McFARLAND.News has been received here ofthe death at Olatha, Kansas, of Mrs.McFarland, mother of Mrs. LaysonTarr, of Millersburg. Mrs. McFarland had been critically ill for several weeks, and her death, while notunexpected, came as a shock to relatives and friends. Mrs. Tarr was ather mother's bedside when the endcame.GRAHAM.Mrs. Fields Jameson Graham,wife of Mr. Palmer Graham, anddaughter of Dr. and Mrs. John W.Jameson, of Paris, died at her homein Terre Haute, Indiana, Fridaynight, after a long illness. Besidesher parents, she is survived by herhusband and one son, Jameson Graham; three sisters, Mrs. WalterHedges, of Paris, Mrs. Fred Clark, ofChicago, and Mrs. Alexander Rumpler, of Indianapolis. The funeraland burial were held in Terre Haute,Sunday afternoon.WILLIAMS. 'Frank M. Williams, aged 93,one of the oldest citizens of Bourboncounty, died Friday morning at thehome of his son, Frank Williams,Jr., near Centerville, from the effectsof a paralytic stroke he suffered twodays before. Previous to this Mr.Williams had led an active life without any serious illness.Considering his age, Mr. Williamswas one of the most remarkable menin the State. Up to a few weeks agohe had worked daily on the farm,doing the same amount of work ordinarily done by a man of half his age.He was able to hold his own withany of the laborers on the farm incutting and shucking corn, in harvest field work or any other form offarm labor. He was a native of Mason county, and came to Bourboncounty about fifty years ago.He is survived by his widow, Mrs.Sarah Williams; four sons, DariusWilliams, of Scott county; FrankWilliams, Jr., Centerville; AndrewWilliams, Shelby county; Wm. Williams, Spencer county, one daughter,Mrs. Belle Jefferson, Bourbon county,and three grandsons, Carl, Tully andKenney Williams, all of Paris.The funeral was held at eleveno'clock Saturday morning, at thehome of his son, near Centerville,with services conducted by Rev. "W.E. Ellis, of the Paris Christianchurch. The interment took place inthe Paris cemetery. The pall-bearerswere: Carl Williams, William Williams, Garrett Williams and AndrewWilliams.LYNE.Friends in this city and countyheard with the deepest regret of thedeath Friday, in a private sanitarium in Lexington, of Mr. Robert B.Lyne, aged forty-five, after a shortillness due to uraemic poisoning'.Mr. Lyne had been ill only a fewdays, and had been removed to thehospital for treatment.Mr. Lyne was one of the mostpopular young fanners in the county, his wholehearted, generous manner and his affability attracting andholding a large circle of friends. Hewas the son of the late Robert B.and Maggie Shawhan Lyne. He wasborn in Richmond, Virginia, andlived there until the death of hisparents about thirty-five years ago,when he and his two sisters came tothis county to reside. Forthe past fifteen years Mr. Lynehad made his home with his cousin,Mrs. Elizabeth Smith, at Broadwell,but of late had been engaged infarming near Shawhan. He was oneof the organizers of the Elks Lodgeat Cynthiana, and was the first Exalted Ruler of that order. He issurvived by his widow, Mrs. NellieCrombie Lyne, to whom he was married about sixteen months .ago, andone sister, Mrs. Hume Payne? ofnear Paris.The body was brought to thehome of his father-in-law, Mr. Jas.Crombie, near Shawhan, Friday afternoon. The funeral was conductedat the Crombie home, Sunday morning at ten o'clock, with services conducted by Rev. J. B.- Jones, of Cynthiana. The interment took place inBattle Grove Cemetery, Cynthiana,with committal services conductedby the Cynthiana lodge of Elks.The pall-bearers were: Active H.C. Patterson, Dr. Geo. L. Rankin,Wm. O. Crombie, J. Hub Hoiliaay,Dr. Lon Nevitt and R. S. Stivers;Honorary Wallace W. Mitchell,Harry B. Clay, James H. Crombie, H.A. Lyne, S. H. McDowell and WillG. McClintock.-oXRELIGIOUS.euRev. Newton Shropshire, of"Clintonville, has accepted a call tothe pastorate "of the Forest GroveChristian church, in Clark" county,and will have charge of the congregation there during the coming year.-J3r. Robert King, pastor of thePresbyterian church at Kingsport,Tenn., has declined the call to thepastorate of the Paris Presbyterianchurch, recentlv extended at n mppfJHEGRO TOMES CHECK.James Thompson, colored, of-Paris,was arrested in Frankfort, and returned to this city, where he waswanted on a forgery charge. It wasalleged that Thompson forged thesignature of Hiram, S. Redmon, ofParis, to a check for $34, and obtained the money on same. Thompsonwill be given a hearing in theCounty Court.'.r - r Z-J rM. u . 'Pdot Ball!Wright's Field Friday, at 3 P. M.Carlisle High Schoolvs.Paris Higri SchoolPUBLIC SALE5 SMALL FARMS 5And Two Houses and LotsWe will offer at public auction, onSATURDAY, NOVEMBER 8thAT 10:30 O'CLOCKThat excellent tract of land known as a portion of the W. Z. Thomson Farmat Donerail Station, on the Q. & C. R. R., 7 miles from Lexington on the DixieHighway, and five miles from Georgetown, every foot of which is old sod landexcept about ten acres that was plowed out of sod this year, and all of it is excellent tobacco land and will be offered in0 the following manner:Three five-acre tracts; one ten-acre tract; about thirty acres, which has on itten-acre barn and an 8-room house, excellent land, splendidly watered, as a whole.This farm will be offered in a way and with terms that will be very liberal, thateveryone can own a piece of land that will pay for itself with one crop.There will also be offered two houses and lots located at Donerail Station,one three room house and one four-room house with good gardens thereto, andexcellent water.Terms will be made known on day of sale, which will be very liberal indeed.Ford & WoodReal Estate Agents, Georgetown, Ky.Or HARRIS & SPEAKES, Paris, Ky.5rCopyright, 1919, A. B. Kirschhausa CompanyCome In and Try OnOur ClothesrNew StylesFor Men and Young MenOur clothing cabinets are full of the kind of clothes thatmen and young men like to wear. Young men want theirclothes to be full of dash and action, while most oldermeir prefer quieter styles. We have made a carefulstudy of the styles that men and young men prefer, andwe are sure your style tastes can be satisfied here.Taste May Differ on Styles,But Never on QualityAnd quality is the predominating feature in our clothes.If you'll buy a suit of clothes from us this season you'llbe styled up to the minute and the values will be thebest in town for the money.$20.00 to $45.00Copyright, 1919.A. B, Kirscbbaum CompanyKirschbaum and Hart Schaf ner & Marx Clothesare sold here exclusively -alone with a complete lineoff Men's Hats and Furnishings.R. P. WALSH7th and MainuOne-Price StoreParis, Ky.itl-nrr nP 4-T.A nrmrrnrmi ,5"S ui ixic buii5ic5aiiuu.V.---ga0!i$-tf. VtCi ii';v.vV-2Sr'-.r- "- TTJt" -r "V" SLU C ."-sJf "rwrcTSfsO?UrrLZ"Vj- -?J' - " T' '- 'VTUESDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1919.THE BOTOBOIT HEWS, . PAMS, BKHTWET' '- . .'555 B9flfOR THE BESTNOTHING EtSEHURRY! SAVE PENALTY! PAYCITY TAXES TO-DAY!Pay your city taxes on or before October 31st, last day, andivoid the penalty, which willbe attached to all unpaid citytaxes on November 1st.W. W. MITCHELL,City Collector.(24oct-4t)SOCIAL ADD PERSONAL.'Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There and-Elsewhere.NewFielding Rogers is inYork on a business mission.Miss Bessie B. Eichorn, of Cynthiana, is a guest of friends in thiscity.HONEY! HONEY!It'sPint jars and gallon buckets.the real thing, too.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.FREEZING TEMPERATURE COMING TO OHIO VALLEY.Weather predictions for th'e weekbeginning Monday issued by theWeather Bureau are:Ohio Valley and Tennessee, regionof Great Lakes Colder and freezingtemperature; generally fair weatherexcept for rains at beginning ofweek.oPREPARE WHILE YOU CAN ; COLDWEATHER COMING.Our car-load of stoves and heatershave arrived. Buy now. Have themput up while you can.(28-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.REGISTER TO-DAY.Voters, don't forget that to-dayand to-mofrow are special registration days. Those who were unavoidably out of the city or who were sickon the regular registration day, andvoters who have become of legal age&ince, may register at the CountyClerk's office.BOY FRACTURES ARM.A young son of Mr. Lee Brown, residing near Plum, this county, wasthrown from a horse he was ridingin the yard at his home,' and sustained a fractured arm. ""- The -fractured member was set andthe young fellow is now gettingalong very nicely.oANNOUNCEMENT.Hon. Ed. P. Morrow, Republicancandidate for Governor, will speak atthe court house Wednesday night at7:30. This will be the last chancepeople of Central Kentucky willhave to hear this distinguished oator. Women are especially invited.Mr. Morrow is winding up thegreatest campaig never made by anycandidate of any party and what hewill have to say on this occasion will"hf t.hp. makina: of history.REPUBLICAN CAMPAIGN COM-rriiunll II TIATTTlTirvXT rTVTTlVTTV 1JJlliriiJi rnjuxvjQvux vvhjj.- j. j. .HEAVY RAINS SWELL STREAMS.Recent heavy rains have helped toswell the streams of the county untilthey are bankful and running over.One of the heaviest rains of the season fell Sunday morning. TownsendCreek, near Shawhan, rose so rapidlythat the funeral cortege of the lateRobert Lyne, en route to Cynthiana,was held up some time until it couldget across. Several automobilesstalled in the middle of the stream,and had to be pulled out by a teamof horses. The heavy rain forcedmany coming from Paris to attendthe funeral to seek, refuge in nearbyfarm houses.FALL'SEEDSBest quality Northern GrownRosen Seed Rye, Less quantity oer acre. Yields more thanany other variety. Also havehighest quality Seed Wheat andTimothy Seed.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.aBOX SUPPERS REALIZE 'HANDSOME RETURNS.The pie supper given at the Eseondida school house last week realized the -sum of $55, which will bedevoted to the benefit of the Kentucky Orphans' Home at Louisville.A box supper given at the Clay'sCross Roads school also realized aa handsome sum for the same purpose. At Millersburg the box supper given in the Graded School building for the Orphans' Home benefit,bi ought in a sum that largely exceeded expectations.There will be a box supper at theLetton school house on next Fridaynight, October 31, for the" benefit ofthe Orphans' Home. Miss SallieSquiies, teacher, and her pupils, extend a cordial invitation, to the public to attend.MR. BRENT INTERVIEWED REGARDING HOGS Vs. TURKEYSMr. N. F. Brent, who ships moredressed turkeys from the State ofKentucky than any one, -when interviwed by a BOURBON NEWS manregarding the effect that the slumpin the hog market might be on theThanksgiving turkey market, statedit was his opinion that( in as muchas nrartirnllv nil n th turkfiVS fromthis section were sold on the holiday(Thanksgiving and Christmas) markets, the price of hogs would havevery little influence on the price ofturkeys. He stated further that, ifthe quality of the turkeys proved tobe good and the weather was not toowarm for dressing, he expected tosee the farmers realize very highprices for their turkeys, even higherthan thev erot last season. Turkeyssoldlast Thanksgiving at 25 cents a Jpound at tne farmer's nouse.-Mrs. .TlYhn W Vflrlfoo n-nA oiWilliam, spent the week-end in Cincinnati. Mrfi. N. A. Moore has returnedfrom a visit to Mrs. Hallie YoungDavis, in Mt. Sterling.Mrs. .W. Ed. Tucker will entertain with a luncheon-bridge at herhome on Hierh Street, tn-mnrrn-ro-Miss Isabel Clay, of Lexington,was a week-end guest of her niece,mi &. xnra-m. xtuseDerry, in tnis city.Mr. and Mrs. B. L. Yates andchildren have returned from a weekend visit to relatives in Richmond.Miss Kate McDonald, of Winchester, is a guest of friends and relatives in this city and in the county.Mrs. Samuel Willis, of Paris, isvisiting her daughter, Mrs. VaughnDrake, and Mr. Drake, in Winchester. Miss Irene Coleman has returnedto her home in this city after a visitto friends and relatives in Cynthiana. Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Hardingentertained with a dinner-bridgeFriday evening at their home nearParis.Mr. and Mrs. George W. Wyattand daughters, Misses Martha andLouise Wyatt, have returned from amotoring trip through Ohio.Terrence Mackey, former Parisian, now resident of Columbus, O.,was a guest of friends and relativesin this city Saturday and Sunday.Mrs John Stewart and daughter, Miss Anna Mildred Stewart,have returned to their home m Winchester after a visit to relatives andfriends in Paris.Wherritt Howard and LawrenceJames returned Saturday from PortArthur, Texas, where they have beenengaged for 'several months with theTexas Land and Oil Company.Lieut. Richard A. Thomas, ofthe United States Marine Corps, isa eruest of his father. Mr. FredThomas, of the Murray & Thomasmonumental works, in this city.Mr. Robert McCray, of NorthMiddletown, accompanied by a partyof four" friends, attended the IsadoreDuncan Dancers entertainment atthe Lexington Opera House, lastnight.Mrs. William Riley Franklinand Miss Lenora Alliband have returned to their homes in this city, after a delightful visit to Rev. andMrs. Julian A. McCiintock, on "TheSummit," in Richmond.Rev. Dr. Motley, of Winchester,was one of those attending the Baptist men's meeting and luncheon atthe Baptist church in this city Friday night, in the interest of the Baptist $75,000,000 movement.Dr. Mac Brooks, lately of the U.S. army service, who has been aguest of his brother, Dr. W. T.Brooks, in this city, has gone to Chicago, where he will enter the Government service as food inspector.Mr. Harry Baldwin, of tneFarmers' Supply Co., who was stricken -with an attack of acute maigestioon, while at work early Fridaymorning, has fully recovered and isable to be at his place of businessagain.Mr. J. F. Hill, of Versailles,who will be the new manager of theDrury Bakery concern in this city,has moved his family to Paris, andtaken rooms over the Owsley restaurant, at the corner of Main andSeventh streets.S. W. Powell, W. E. Singleton,Percy Singleton and Dr. R. L. Motley, of Winchester, attended the banquet given to the men of the Baptistchurch, in this city, Friday night.Dr. Motley wasone of the speakersof the occasion.".;Mr. and Mrs. Albert Hinton entertained the following guests at dinner Thursday evening, the occasionbeing the celebration of the -tenthanniversary of the marriage of theVicf nnrt hostess- Mr. and Mrs. Jas.Woodford, Mr. and Mrs. John Brennan, Mr. and Mrs. Duncan Bell, Mr.and Mrs. Buckner Woodford andMrs. Lillian Cosby.The Elks' Cotillon Club of Winchester will give a Hallowe'en danceat their club rooms in that city tonight. The hours will be from nineto three. Music for the dancers willbe furnished by Smith's Sextette.This is planned to be one of the largest dances ever given in Winchester,and will be attended by a large representation from Paris.Mr. and Mrs. John McDonaldentertained with a family reunion attheir -home near North Middletownrecently. Among those present wereMr and Mrs. B. F. Judy, Mrs. MaryGilkey Mr. and Mrs. B. W. Rash,Mr and Mrs. Chas. W. Hamiltonand son, Thomas Hamilton, Mr. andMrs M E. Rash and children, Mrs.Ella Detwiller, Mr A C. Detmllerand Misses Daisy and Josephine Det-W Mrs. Catesby Woodford, of Paris,was one of the guests at a luncheongiven by Mrs. James M. Robb, at herhome on the Nicholasville pike neart Pvineton. Other guesus iui ic ycation were Mrs. Thomas Combs,SS Newton Duff, Mrs , Les he Mccormick and Mrs. D. D. Slade ofLexington; Mrs. jaws. ol "York; Mrs. O. P. Troutoian. Mrs. S.C Lyne and Mrs. Frank Folger, ofJrseOscanrtyT. Hinton was hostess at her home on High street, inthis city, Friday afternoon to a number of friends. Receiving with Mrs.",..l .,... -Me Muse -and Mrs.GSEEr"of Baltimore. Md.. and MissSSSbo! Paris. Those assistmgSS Hinton in the parlors wereMesdamts Albert Hinton John FDavis Edward Prichard, Amos Turnev Jr Durand Whipple and MissEf zabeth Embry. Mrs. Hope Wiedemann and Miss Margaret Fergusonserved frappe. Mrs. W. O. HmtonSded at the coffee urn, while inpresiueu course wasstnred tff guests by Mesdames HiSS Roseberry. Woodford Daniels,and Misses 'Nancy Griffith and Caro-Hlyn Koseberry.Mr, Samuel Shout is confined tohis home on Virginia Avenue by illness. Mrs. Robert J. Neely, of Paris,is a guest of Rev. and Mrs. FrankJ. Cheek, in Danville.Mr. and Mrs. Everette Small andson, Herbert, have returned from avisit to relatives in Harrison county.Mrs. W. O. Fuller and Mr. WyattMartin have returned from a visit toMr. and Mrs. Frazier Curie, in Cynthiana. Mr. Grant Shy, of San Diego,California, is a guest of ihs relatives,Mrs. J. T. Martin and Mrs. LauraLair, in this city. .Mrs. Julian Frank will entertain with an "At Home" at her homenear Paris, on November 3, fromthree to five p. m.Mr. John Roseberry and daughter, Miss Carolyn Roseberry havemoved to the J. U. Boardman residence, on Seventh street.Dr. and Mrs. E. S. Caywood andlittle son, Elmer S. Caywood, Jr., ofRavenna, are visiting Mr. and Mrs.N. W. Caywood, in Paris.Rev. Clarence Moore, of Brownwood, Tenn., is a guest of Mr. William Rion and family, and Mrs.Frank Clay, in this city.Mrs. Wilson Wilder has returned to her home in this city after avisit to her daughter, Mrs. Margaretilillglltell, 111 leV lUlli. Vjiljt.Richmond Pantagraph: "Mrs.John Walker McKinney and little ,son, Ora Edmund, have returnedfrom a visit to relatives in Paris."Mrs. Thompson H .Tarr has asguest at her home on the Georgetown nike. near Paris, Mrs. W. S.Glenn, of Spartansville, South Carolina. Mr. and Mrs. White Varden anddaughter, Mildred, have returnedfrom an extended visit to Mrs. Varden's parents, Mr. and Mrs. D. C.Lisle.Mr. and Mrs. Henry Tuckerhave returned from a visit to the latter's sister, Miss Lizzie McKee, theirniece, Mrs. Frank Dorsey, near Flem-ingsburg.Dr. William Riley Franklin, whohas been taking a special course inoptometry in Chicago for several(months, has returned to Paris, andwill reopen his offices.J. Quincy Ward, ot tne biaieGame 'and Fish Commission, atFrankfort, is a guest of his brother,J. Miller Ward, and Mrs. Ward, attheir home near Paris.Mrs. Leonard Watson has returned to her home in this city fromthe Massie Memorial Hospital, whereshe has been a patient for threeweeks, following an operation.Mrs. A. M. Houston is a guestof relatives in Akron, Ohio. Mrs.TTnustnn attended the weddingof her sister, Miss Ellen Henry, toMr. Norman Tudor, in that city.Mr. and Mrs. Carlie vvnmowiand little daughters have returnedfrom a visit to Mrs. Wilmoths' parnto Mr and Mrs. James Shropshire,near Leesburg, in Harrison county.Mrs. James Dodge entertainedFriday evening with a family dinnerparty in honor of her father, Mr.Benj. Woodford, the occasion beingthe celebration of his sixty-thirdbirthday. . , , ,.Dr. Hume Bedford, Judge Chas.A. McMillan, Dr. Raymond McMillan and M. H. H. Davis have returned from Louisville, where they attended the sessions of the MasonicGrand Lodge.Mrs .Tames W. Fersuson has returned to her home in Galion, Alabama, after a visit of several weeksto friends and relatives in this cityand county, and in other places inCentral Kentucky.The young ladies of the Catholicchurch will entertain with a Hallowe'en party at the Parish Hall, onHigh street, on the evening ofThursday, October 30, at eighto'clock. '1Richmond Register: "Joe C.Cain was over from Paris this weekto move his family there. He isholding down a nice trick in the dispatcher's office there, and makinggood his many friends are glad toknow."Children's Week!tExtraordinary Values Offered on All Falland Winter Apparel For Missesand Children .;,'.L-The unusual variety of the garments, theexceptional beauty of the fabrics, the exquisite workmanship put into them and the unusual reductions we have placed on all Misses'and Children's Garments during Children'sWeek makes this an event of the greatestimportance to every Central Kentucky mother.REMEMBERTheres only one way to test the advantagesand savings to be had during this Children'sWeek Sale Come and see for yourself.HARRYM224jW. Main St.Lexington, Ky.Main StreetParis, Ky.Mrs. Orie Speakes, who underwent an operation at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, is improving, and on the road to recovery Mrs. George Mappin, of Lexington, who has been her guest forseveral days, has returned to herhome.Mrs. Earl Ferguson entertainedabout forty friends at bridge Fridayafternoon at her home in Georgetown. Among the guests for the afternoon were Mrs. Volney W. Ferguson, Mrs. John Stuart Roberts Mrs.Rav Taylor and Mrs. Henry Judy, allof Paris. The first prize, a wovenwork basket, was won by Mrs. Andrew K. Stone, of Georgetown, andthe second, an embroiaerea cu.uble cover, was awarded to Mrs. bamuel Lock, of Mexico, Mo.Mrs. Merritt Shobe, of Salem,New Jersey, who is a guest of her1 )V w Warm ah Butler. OnVine street, was a guest of honor ata luncheon-bridge given by Mrs.Thompson H. Tarr at her 1 home .onthe Georgetown pike, near Parislast week. A delicious luncheon wasserved the guests, Uoxriiie JasprWnted with the guest prizeZll V tv Hancock being awardedthe first prize and Mrs. J. Miller.tit a o. connnd TiriZC(Other Personals on Page 3.)pal DIVISION MAKES GOODy&Q T AOCTDEirr" RECOUPLocal officials ot the LouisvilleNashville railroad have received let. u..iiiFf0r: pnmnliment-ingthS division upon the excellent,1116 , -j i 0 "Aoo.ident Pre-recora maue . y . ,,vention Week," ust closed. The division was credited with 100 percent., there having been no accidentsof any kind reported during theweek.O- x .To ar-rf fnr the man who hasground qft Mb nose on WWmill to smell a xamt uu mj v0.4T7 Make ita &ride,.' , nappy wUhnewFurniture.7 K fJw UMH1IKqZv9PlHr4li u' '4 i'Our Furnituremakes the BestAeddm$rresenrs.Mrs. and Mrs. NewlyWed:Every bride should have a handsomely furnished home if she wans to be free from "Criticism." It helps her socially and helps' her husbandin business.To have a handsomely furnished home youdon't need to buy the most expensive furnitureand rugs, but you ought to buy stylish furniture ofgood QUALITY.That is the kind we sell you, and our PRICESwill always. save you money. Come in. - :C-fr! 'J3 V--A -COEITHERPHONE 36 PARIS, KENTUCKY SIXTH AND MAINMotor Hearst Motor Invalid Coach UndertakingT:mi-"rjrv i'i -- 'V.-.''"i- ''''Jp-T. Ifc.- r-ryiGisnTHE BOTOBOH NEWfc, PAEIS, JPHTUCEITUESDAY, OCTOBER 28, 191.CfOVEBlIMENT WOBKDTG TO REIEASE CAPTURED AMERICANWASHINGTON, Oct. 27. Promptmeasures have been taken by theMexican Government to effect therelease of William O. Jenkins, American Consular Agent at Puebla, whoIs held by bandits for $125,000 ransom, the State Department was advised Thursday from Mexico City.The Mexican authorities, it wassaid, were acting on personal instructions from President Carranza. Thenature of the steps taken was not disclosed. The department's advices reportedthat a federal force sent in responseto the American Embassy's representation formed a cordon aroundJenkin's factory and arrested five.employees. Twenty police agents-went to Puebla from Mexico City andten special military police were sentby the chief of the garrison at Mexico City under orders to co-operatewith the Puebla authorities.In addition to the instructions teleranhed bv President Carranza fromQueretaro, the advices said the Mex-T ' "V.CI 1 1 .1. 1--J 1lean xoreign Venice nau teiegiapiieuinstructions to the authorities at Puebla. Urgent representations were sentto the Mexican Government by theState Department as a result of thekidnaping.It was learned here that Mr.Jenkins was kidnapped last summerand held for $25,000 ransom, whichwas paid, and his ranch at Pueblavas raided by bandits, the managermuirdered and considerable stockstolen.The bandits were reported tohave been part of a band under Carilo Arenes.o'SYRUPOFFIGS"ISLAXATIVEFOR CHILDSCHOOL CHILDREN EARN $500 INWAR SAYINGS STAMPS.Pupils in all public, private andparocial schools in the State whoseacademic qualifications place themin the sixth grade or above, are eligible. Prizes will be awarded for the bestessay written on the following subiectsi Sixth Grade The Life History ofthe Common House Fly.First prize, $25; second prize,$17.50; third prize, $7.50.Seventh Grade Is the PublicHealth Nurse a Necessity or a Luxury? First prize, $25; second prize,$17.50; third prize, $7.50.Eighth Grade If You Have Tuberculosis, How May You Be Cured?How May You Prevent Others FromTaking It? 'First prize, $50; second prize,$35; third prize, $15.Ninth and Tenth Grades WhatDoes the Modern Health CrusadeMean?First prize, $50; second prize, $35;third nrize. S15.Eleventh and Twelfth GradesWhy Should I Buy Red Cross Christmas Seals?First prize, $100; second ?rize,$70; third prize, $30.Contest closes November 21, 1919.For further information write MissJessie O. Yancey, Educational Secretary, Kentucky Tuberculosis Association, 509 Republic Building, Louisville, Kentucky. "oCHAMBERLAIN'S COUGH REMEDY.tFrom Stomach, Liver andBowelsThis remedy is intended especiallyfor coughs, colds, croup and whooping cough. From a small beginningits sale and use has extended to allparts of the United States and tomany foreign countries. This aloneis enough to convince one that it isa medicine of more than ordinarymerit. Give it a trial and you willfind this to be the case.(oct-adv)oTHRIFT CAMPAIGN BEARS FRUITSavings Deposits in fifty-eightsavings banks in the state of Ver-; ' '?nont showed a gain of more thanLook At Tongue! Remove Poisons three miiii0n dollars in the periodjfrom April 15 to June 30, accordingj to figures recently made public.Credit for the increase in savings byj the people of Vermont is given bybankers and state officials to the educational work conducted by the! Government in floating War Loans.Vermont is now congratulatingher population upon their habits ofthrift. Going to the bank to buy(Thrift and War Savings Stamps hasbeen the direct cause of any newsavings accounts being opened, it isasserted. Now Vermont is gettingready to help combat the high costof living by urging more and moresavings and greater and more systematic investment in the securitiesthe Government is stil offering thertprmle War Savins: and ThriftI Stamps and Treasury Savings Certificates. "-&NORTH CAROLINA TOBACCOSALES BREAK RECORDF -. S -ITT 9j.rl issKSl HK:;l:?.r.-...J -r-,,- p T7i:,only look for the' name Californiaon the package, then you are sureyour child is having the bestI1 WILL YOU SAVE 50c ON RAT-SNAP TO SAVE $100?One 50c nackase can kill 50 rats.--,. The average rat will rob you of $10most harmless laxative or physic for a year in eed chicks and property-,xx,. x -. ,. , , , ' joeTMintin., t? AT-S7M AP is deadlv totne mue siomacn, liver ana Doweis. -.-..--.-. ---.Children love its delicious fruit rats. Cremates after killing.taste. Full directions for child's Leaves no smell. Comes m cake.dose on each bottle. Give it with-.fts will pass up meat - grainfMr i cheese to feast on RAT-SNAP. ThreeUlt . v ,n 'sizes, 25c, 50c, $1.00. Sold " andMother! You must say "Call- . ' fp ' hv th Partners' SnnnlvfOmia." I nm-nn-nxr(adv)TAetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityAnd OtherCasualtiesA. J. FEEAGENT(oct-adv)To Save Pencllt.A great saving of lead pencils maybe effected by using metallic pencilholders which can be bought at thestationer's for 10 or 15 cents. In thisway you will get the use of almostthe entire length of the pencil. Ordinarily about one-third of the pencil goes to waste. An ordinary stenographer or clerk will by this plan saveabout 80 pencils a year. Thrift Magazine."THESE HATS WOULDN'T EAT MYBEST GRAIN," SAYSFRED LAMB.It's hard to keep rats out of a feedstore. Tried for years. A neighboring store sold me some RATSNAP. It worked wonders. Gathered up dead rats every morning.Bought more RAT-SNAP. Haven'ta rat now. They wouldn't eat mybest grain when I threw RAT-SNAParound." Three sizes, 25c, 50c,$1.00. Sold and guaranteed by theFarmer's Supply Co.(oct-adv)It's not much use pronouncing abenediction on your brother whenyou have blood in your eye.HsDemocrats of Kentucky!Vote "Yes" on This Ballot Tuesday, Nov. 4. Your Party Has Approved This Amendment in Its Platform Adopted at Louisville. BeSure You .Get This Ballot and VOTE IT.CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENT No. 2"Are you in favor of the proposed amendment,to the constitution of the Commonwealth of Kentucky, to-wit: 'After June 30, 1920, the'manufactureale or transportation of spirituous, vinous,alt,pr other Intoxicating liquors, except for sacramental, medicinal, scientific or mechanicalpurposes, In the Commonwealth of Kentucky, ishereby prohibited. All Sections or parts thereofothe Cpnstltuyon, .Insofar as they may be inconsistent with this Section are hereby repealedand nullified. The General Assembly shall enforcetnia section by appropriate leglslatlonT " JYESDHODRALEIGH, N. C., Oct. 24. NorthCarolina's riches in tobacco are reflected in the September sales whichreach the enormous total of 79,220,071 pounds.They do not quite .break the recordfpr pounds sold, September of samemonth last; year 72,934,420 poundswere sold. But it is highly doubtfulif both months combined exceededthe money exchanged as the result ofthe sales this year.Certain it is that since the worldbegan no such prices have been received. The prices paid for looseleaf are higher than fifteen yearsago was the manufactured article.High grade plug and smoking tobacco did not bring more than thewarehouse goods.The average price paid in NorthCarolina last month was $41.10 ahundred. That made the Septembercrop sell for more than $30,000,000a rough calculation showing the reported crop to have been about $32,000,000. This is more than the entire sales amounted to ten years ago.The lowest prices paid were on twomarkets in adjoining counties, Eobinson and Columbus. Fairmont soldat an average of $15.76 and FairBluff, in . Columbus County, wheremoney run is high, paid only $18.70.Durham sold nearly 1,300,000pounds and received an average of$70.87.The prices indicate what tobaccomen have been saying always thisyear that whatever the damagedone to the crop by water and wind,the prices this year will exceedallthe records yet made.Tobacco is a $100,000,000 crop inNorth Carolina. If the present pricesare sustained and the estimate standsup, North Carolina, will sell $150,000,000 worth in the 1919 and 1920season.NASTY COAT;0o2fKSihe.cpil;mMmemtoe-Xmsg&n:rffw?.-3Vrsspro-tnembtfP&$&!MMII !!IIOT"Pape's Cold Compound" ThenBreaks Up a Cold In aFew Hours.ansigarettes made tomeet your taste!Camels are offered you as a cigarette entirelyout of the ordinarya flavor and smoothnessnever before attained. To best realize their quality compare Camels with any cigarette inthe world at any price!Camels flavor is so refreshing, so enticing, it willwin you at once it is so new and unusual. That'swhat Camels expert blend of choice Turkish andchoice Domestic tobacco gives youl You'll preferthis blend to either kind of tobacco smoked straight!As vou smoke Camels, von II note absence ot !ij jany unpleasant cigaretty aftertaste or any unpleasant cigaretty odor. And, you'll be delightedto discover that you can smoke Camels liberallywithout tiring your taste!Take Camels at any angle they surely supplycigarette contentment beyond anything you everexperienced. They're a cigarette revelation!You do not miss coupons, premiums or gifts.You'll prefer Camels quality!18 cents a packagemW:JDon't stay stuff ed-up! Quit blowing and snuffling! A dose of"Pape's Cold Compound" taken everyhours until three doses are. takenusually breaks up a severe cold andends all grippe misery.The very first dose opens yourclogged-up nostrils and the air passages of the head; stops nose running; relieves the headache, dullness, sneezing, soreness and stiffness."Pape's Cold Compound" is thequickest, surest relief known andcosts only a few cents at drug stores.It acts without assistance, tastesnice, contains no quinine. Insistupon Pape's!(adv) -o :FILES SUIT TO PREVENT PRINT, TNG SURPLUS. BALLOTSFrank Daugherty, Democraticnominee for Attorney General, hasfiled suit against the County Clerkof Harlan county to prevent himfrom having more than 3,500 ballotsprinted. He bases this estimate ofthe required number of ballots onthe number of votes cast in the election in 1918. Mr. Daugherty saysthe County Clerk has paper enougJifor 8,000 ballots.Secretary of State Lewis said hehad to place the order for the paperlast June and that he estimates thequantity on the highest number ofvotes ever cast in the county, whichwas in the Presidential election. Hesaid that at that time he had nodefinite information as to the number of party tickets that would befiled and that, to be on the safe side,he ordered enough to take care offive party tickets. The CountyClerk should use discretion in deciding upon the number of ballots,he said.MmpmWHERE THRE'S A BABY ON THEFARM KEEP RAT-SNAPRats are on most farms. Oncethey get inside the house look out.Rats kill infants biting them is notunusual. Nursing bottles attractrats. Break a cake of RAT-SNAPand throw it around. It will surelyrid you of rats and mice. Threesizes, 25c, 50c, $1.00. Sold andguaranteed by the Farmers' SupplyCompany.(oct-adv)oSTATE FAIR BOOKS ARE ORDERED AUDITED.Chesley S. Searcy, RepublicanState campaign manager, will not bepermitted to examine or audit booksof the Kentucky State Fair, as demanded, but the books will be examined by State Inspector and Exatniner Henry F. Turner under instructions from the State Board ofAgriculture.The examination was directed bythe Board of Agriculture at a special meeting "held in Frankfort, Tuesday afternoon.The board also arranged to employa firm of expert accountants fromChicago to assist Mr. Turner.Camels are sold everywhere in scientifically sealed pack'ages of 20 cigarettes or ten packages .200 cigarettes) in aglassine-paper-covered carton. We strongly recommendthis carton for the home or office supply or when you travel.R. J. REYNOLDS TOBACCO CO., Winston-Salem, N. C.HiiHiliINDIGESTION, BIUUOSNESS; CONSTIPATION. 'Chamberlain's Tablets have restored to health and happiness hundredswho were afflicted with indigestion,biliousness and constipation. If youare troubled in this way give them atrial. You are certain to be pleasedfor they will benefit you.(ejet-adv)MARGOLEN'SBIG SPECIALSFor This Week10-pound bucket PureLard for $3.00Pure Pork Sausage3 pounds for $1.00Pork Chops 35cBest Cuts Steaks 35cRoast 25cSpring LambHindquarters 35cFrontquarters 30ci HENDRICKS"THE SCREEN MAN"lAll Metal Window Screensand Weather StripsHIGGINS MANUFACTURING CO.MAKERS OFWINDOW EQUIPMENTMARGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketCONSTIPATION.. The beginning of almost every serious disorder is constipation. If youwant to enjoy good health keep yourbowels regular. This is beet accomplished by proper diet and exercise,but sometimes a medicine is neededand when that is the case you willfind Chamberlain's Tablets are excellent. They are mild and gentle intheir action, easy and pleasant totake. Give them a trial. They onlycost a quarter.(oct-adv)o -Every time you envy another manhis meal you drop gaU into yourown plate.SPECIALSHOWINGOFSuitsCoatsDressesShoesSkirtsWaistsETC., ETC.When you think of Window Screens and WeatherStrips, think of HENDRICKS.When you think of Hendricks, think of WINDOWSCREENS and WEATHER STRIPS.His Name is T. A: HENDRICKSand he lives and has offices at264 Rand Ave, Lexington, Ky.Telephone 25S5A card simply addressed to "Hendricks, the ScreenMan," will reach him, as he is the best known screenman in Kentucky.Ninety-eight per cent, of the screens in Bourboncounty are Higgins Manufacturing Company make.Higgins Metal Screens and Strips are recognized asthe best by all good architects.ttf (isg;l-5Ig5I5-g5gI55HJTWIN BROS.Department Store7th and Main Paris. KySPECIALSALEDetroit Jewel Stoves, Rangesand FurnacesMr, S, E. Guinn, of the Detroit StoveWorks, is with us for a few days.Come. in and let him explain to youthe remarkable performances of theJewel Pipeless Furnace and Combination Coal and Gas Ranges.GET A J E W ELAND SAVE FUELHT. W. SPICER314 Main St. Paris, Kentucky 1-i-n.H.Himt?JtEujm-t?-Tg-.t.a..Send That Next Job of Printing to TheBourbon News. Best Work; Right Prices:i. j"-v-X.--. ,t-. - j- ""-.. -. "Vir ' '.s r '.nSsf'.- "Csi TUESDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1919.THE BOITJtBOH HEWS, PARIS. KEHTTTCKTPAG1Powdered SoapjSror DianKetsvrv jft"Wlien Grandma Comesthe Birt Must Fly"Hf &flr'''mNi ISMnuktvnZiTjrm ummnW6(aiB9mtmmZdiMLMHUitrDon't you love the soft and flufiy feel ofwell cleaned blankets ?That's the way Grandma's Powdered Soapleavet them. Just a tablespoonful in thewater. White, billowy suds by the million, andat once. How they go racing through theblankets rolling out the dirt.Grandma's soap is fine soap made into' apowder. You don't need washing powder norsoap when you use Grandma's Powdered Soap.It takes the place of both. Goes furtherthan any soap. Cheaper to use.Buy a package from yourGrocer today!SrandmasPowdered SOAPTnjThis Powdered SoapTodaij"Your GxocexHas litThe .Globe.. Soap Cbmpamj. Cincinnatiend iHfHASOHIC GRAIO) LODGE ELECTSNEW OFFICERS.First of three Masonic grand bodies meeting in Louisville to elect officers for the ensuing year was theGrand Council of Royal and SelectMasons, which convened at the Masonic Temple. Frank N. Newell, ofBuffalo, National Grand Master, waspresent as a guest of honor.Following are tlie newly electedofficials: Charles N. Smith, Danville,grand master; S. S. Piney, Mt. Sterling, deputy grand master; J. L.Powell, Lebanon, principal conductorof the works; C. G. Moreland, Marion, captain of the guard; RichardPriest Dietzman, Louisville, conductor of the council; W. Carson Black,Barbourville, who retired as grandmaster of the Grand Lodge, grandanaix-hal; John W. Bishop, Owensboro, grand steward.John G. Orndorff, of Itussellville,was appointed grand chaplain andSimon Eichart, of Louisville, was appointed grand sentinel. The retiringgrand master of the council, Mr.Johnson, was presented with a hand-of G. Allison Holland, of Lexington. CENSUS EXAMINATION CARDSGrand Chanter. Rovn.1 Arnh Ma-. "nTArncT rrn oaa A-rvnT-rn a-mttioi -,r . , ' : . .T -v , uuxiiinu xv oiu jtu:jciJijnjxxoi&uus, jLvtjntuciiy, convened in us uzameetingin the MasonicfollowinTempleCards of admission to examina-OffiCerS Were . tinnc: tvorA mailer? "nrorlnoorloir Kir Tio..,,..., iiyttuiuu,,, ujr .census supervisor of the SeventhDon't think you are fixed on feathers there because you make a lot ofsome jewel by that body at the hands fuss here.when theelected:Grand high priest, S. K. Veach, J Congressional District to each appliCarhsle; deputy grand high priest , 'cant for enumerator in the district,James F. Winn, Winchester; grand ! aggregating approximately 300.king, Hanson Peterson, Cynthiana; Samuel H. Dailey, who is in chargegrand scribe, James Garnett, Louis- 0f the clerical work of the census,ville; grand treasurer, Frank H. explained Wednesday that some perJohnson, Louisville; grand secretary, sons apparently confuse the censusG. Allison Holland, Lexington; examination with civil service exam-rand captain of host, A. Gordon ination. Thev should differentiate between these two, according to Mr.Dailey, who said any person of average ability and education should,with care, pass the examinationwhich those applying to act as enumerators are required to take. 'Up to date there have been abouttwenty-five applications from Parisand Bourbon county for positions ascensus-taker for the county.LiffoCorns!Doesn't hurt a bit and Freezonecosts only a few cents.Sulser, Maysville; grand principalsojourner, William R. Johnston, Lebanon; grand Royal Arch captain,Frank G. Rash, Earlington; grandcaptain of the third veil, Virgil C.Smith, Somerset; grand captain ofthe second veil, Guy P. Johnson,Somerset; grand captain of the firstveil, W. 0. Rigney, Lancaster.People who cannot stand up inthe fight must not look to sit downin the feast.o-s-nmflrC&oalriave You Talked WithAbout Your Winter Coal?Onice Opposite Paris TobaccoWarehouseCumberland Phone 997Koine Phone 257l2?gg iE-ffgg; rj" Sasigg9:VV:XGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.WOOD, STUBBS & COMPANY7 CUMULATIVE PREFERRED STOCKPreferred as to assets and dividends. Annual Sinking Fund payments of10 of net earnings will be used to purchase Preferred Stock at not over110 and accrued dividend.Net earnings for past three years have averaged over four times dividendrequirements on this stock.Net quick assets equal. $131 per share on all Preferred Stock, and total netassets equal $259 per share.PRICE lOO. Special Circular on Request.JAMES C. WILLSON & CO.21 0 S. Fifth Street, LOUISVILLE, KY.I "r- - -1V i- U "" "" . 1J iWith your fingers! You can lift offany hard corn, soft corn, or corn between the toes, a-nd the hard skincalluses from bottom of feet.A tinv bottle of "Freezone" costslittle at any drug store; apply a fewdrops upon the corn or callus, instantly it stops hurting, then shortlyyou lift that bothersome corn orcallus right off, root and all, withoutone bit of pain or soreness. Truly!No humbug!(T-tf)Learn to Talk.All very well, to quote the old saying about speech being silvern, buteilence golden. Learn to talk, if youwant to get on in the world. Thereare some folk who talk too much, it'strue, but they are better than thos9who are mute and wrapped up in themselves. A wall of reserve isn't at alla pleasant thing to come up against.KEMTU CKTCROP- REP0ET "Issued October 8, 1919Crops as a whole arc under average, due to late spring and poorgrowing conditions. The drouth hasaffected every part of the State, andwnne some of the late maturingcorn is coming out, yet as a wholeme corn crop is not ud to normal.The estimated average yield of corntnis year is 23 bushels per acre ascompared with 25 bushels average in918, which also was a dry vear.The quality is given at 85 per cent.The estimated production for theState according to above estimateswould be something over 77 millionbushels.The final estimate on wheatmakes an average of 10.5 bushelsper acre or a total estimated production of 10,983,000 bushels. This isconsiderably less than last year, butwniie the State average was increased, the production averaged 2 bushels less per acre this year.Condition of Burley Tobacco isgiven at 75 per cent, with an estimated average yield of 708 poundsper acre with about 75 per cent, ofcrop housed. Condition of Dark Tobacco is 81 per cent, and an estimated average yield of 794 poundsper acre with 67 per cent, of thecrop housed. The total number ofpounds of all tobacco produced isgiven on the preliminary estimate tobe 413,801,000 pounds.He(mp is an especially short crop,with small acreage, and the few estimates received on this would indicate a light yield.Yield of potatoes is indicated tobe 59.5 bushels per acre with conditions given at 72 per cent.', indicating a production of . 4,165,000bushels this year, while sweet potatoes yield is estimated at 91 bushelsper acre with condition or 87 percent., indicating a State productionof 1,092,000 bushels.Grasses show as follows:Blue Grass, 69 per cent.;68 per cent.; Orchard Grasscent.; Alfalfa, 75 per cent.Third cutting of alfalfa averaged1.02 ton per acre.Pastures are dry, but have greatlyimproved the last month.Stock water is scarce in many localities. Condition of live stock isgiven at 88 per cent.The acreage planned for fallwheat is only 74 per cent, and withbut little seeding done. This is aboutthirty-three per cent, less than lastyear's acreage. Reports would indicate that 11 per cent, of acreageplanned had been sown October 1st.The preliminary estimate on acreage of rye is 89 per cent., which isabout the same as last year.While wheat acreage is materiallycut, seeding is still in progress.Many farmers are seeding to rye andbarley for cover crops. More andmore ground limestone is being usedas the farmers realize fully the valueof its application, to our soils.MAT S. COHEN,Commissioner of Agriculture.Clover,80 perAN AGREEABLE SURPRISE."About three years ago when Iwas sufferinsr from a severe cold onmy lungs and coughed most of thetime nierht and day, I tried a bottleof Chamberlain's Cough Remedy andwas surnrised at the promptnesswith which it gave me relief,"writes Mrs. James Brown,, ClarkMills. N. Y. Many another has beensurprised and pleased with theprompt relief afforded by this remedy.(oct-adv)EPISCOPALIANS TO DENY BALLOT TO WOMEN.Woman are unlikely to be given avoice in the legislative bodies of theProtestant Episcopal Church by thepresent triennial general convention.In several dioceses women alreadyhave been given seats in legislativeorganizations, but this is authorizedby the general church body, it is declared.Appointment of a commission tomake inquiry into the whole statusof women in the church has been authorized and it is to report at thenext general convention, with recommendations for legislation.JAMES STTJCKY SAYS. 'AT COSTME $125 FOR PLUMBINGBILLS.""We couldn't tell what was clogging up our toilet and drains. Wehad to tear up floor, pipes, etc.,found a rat's nest in Abasement.They had choked up pipes with refuse. The plumber's bill was $125.RAT-SNAP cleaned the rodent out."Three sizes, 25c, 50c, 1.00. Soldand guaranteed by the Farmers' Supply Company.(oct-adv)Southern Optical Co. i1 IncorporatedtManufacturers of Perfect-FittingSPECTACLES ANDEYE GLASSESi:Kryptoks Artificial EyesInvisible Bifocal Lensi IGive the worldtheonce overLISTEN, fellows, to somem straight talk. Manya man when he getsto be 40, misses something. He may-havelots of money, and a finefamily butHe never "got. out andsaw things". After hegets settled down, it's toolate.Every man wants to seethe world. No man likesto stand still all his life.The best time to TRAVELis when you're young andlively right NOW !Right NOW your Uncle Samis calling, "Shove off!" He wantsmen for his Navy. He's invitingyou! It's the biggest chanceyou'll ever get to give the worldthe once over IVThe Navy goes all oyer theworld sails the Seven Seaasquints at the six continentsthat's its business. You standto see more odd sights, wonder-jful scenery and strange peoplethan you ever dreamed of. WYou'll work hard while youwork. You'll play hard while youplay. You'll earn zd learn.You'll get, irraddition to "shoreleave", a 30-day straight vacation which is more than thoaverage bank president caacount on.You can join for two years.When you get through you'll bophysically and mentally "tunedup" for the rest of your life.You'll' be ready through andthrough for SUCCESS. jThere's a Recruiting Staticright near you. If you don'tknow where it is, your Postmaster will be glad to tell you.Shove off 1- Join theIL S . Navy: : :XDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4 West Fifh StreetBourbon Laundry!W OUR WATCHWORD!immm . vm-I -IMF- Ufa r-fcUIvFwSATISFACTIONStss 3.'SsftG-. .2 WTiiX. 11 l, 1i-t.;---.m&&, i vviui an uie icneot mi IJJ.UVC-&gfefi ments in laundry appliancesJ"- and expert helpers we areaVfSPSP. prepared to do work infe--ims' nor to none, and solicitAyour patronage.The Bourbon LaundryParis, KentuckyMany a man is praying for graceto bear his trials who needs justsand to shake them.' Jit. O rl.nllt CtI LOUISVILLE, KY.4'I:qgBtTTgSrTSrTBTTBfc&TW" r,K-fxr.- --- -ir'THE UNIVERSAL CAR- The Ford Sedan is the favorite family car,"seats five comfortably. While an enclosed car jwith permanent top, it has large windows, andmay in a minute be changed to a most delight-Jful open car with always a top protectingagainst the sun. In inclement weather it is aclosed car, dust-proof, water-proof, cold-proof.Finely upholstered. Equipped" with electricstarting and lighting system and demountablerims with 3j-inch tires front and rear. A realfamily car. Won't you come in and look at it?The delights of the electriccar with the economv of thejfe&sSSS? rord.rATE-BANVRuggles Motor Co,16 Bank Row, Paris, Ky.E3--1iitiIII'AIIXIXIXIX1t -iLr 7&..-. -- .1, J I, M ,. ,1 -w -T"JKK.." -T v -V2 1.. fi-THE BOURBON NEWS. PABIS, KENTTJCKTTUESDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1919.P AGI EIGHTIJ1in.?IIITO-NIGHTGrand Opera HouseThe One Bis Musical Girl ShowYou've Been Waiting For'Come Along'Direct from Nora Bayes Theatre, New YorkCompany of 35. Three Special Scenic Sets and Broadway's Niftiest Costumes displayed by a real BeautyChorus that can Sing and Dance.CURTAIN AT 8:30PRICES 35c TO $2.00 PLUS WAR TAXSeats NOW will save standing in line to-night.Grand Opera HouseParis, Ky.TWO NIGHTS TWO MATINEESSTARTINGMONDAY, NOVEMBER 3rdThe Prettiest Story Ever Told in PicturesHarold Bell Wright's MasterpieceALAMOAFTERNOON, 2:00-5:30EVENING, 7:00-10:30ADMISSIONAdults 18c, war tax 2c 20cChildren and Gallery9c plus lc war tax 10cAlamo Afternoon and NightToday, TuesdayGeo. WalshIN"Help, Help, Police"ANTONIO MORENO ANDCAROL HOLLOWAY in'Perils of Thunder Mountain'and Harold Lloyd Comedy"Don't Shove"Alamo Night OnlyTomorrow, WednesdayJOHNBUM EIN"THE LOSTBRIDEGROOM"AlsoBis V Comedy'YAPS and YOKELS'And Bray PictographAlamo Night OnlyThursday, Oct. 30thMARGUERITECLARKi. .IN"Miss GeorgeWashington"Also Vod-a-Vil Moviesand Pathe Review.Alamo Afternoon Opera House at NightVTwo Days, Wednesday and Thursday, Oct. 29 and 30THE PICTURE YOU WILL NEVER REGRETMabel Normand .' 'Mickey'Ten Reels of Unusual Interest !Millions of People Have Read the BookMillions of People Have Seen the ShowNow See the Picture!PRICESMatinee 25c, Night 25 and 50c Plus War TaxShowing at 2:30, 7:00 and 9:00 P. M.MILLERSBURGMrs. John DeWitt, of NorthMiddletown, is the guest of her sister, Mrs. Russell Mitchell.Mrs. Bessie Caldwell -has soldier property in Butler Addition, recently vacated by her, to Mr. Henry35owling.Mrs. Adah McClintock anddaughter, Miss Ruth McClintock, arergueste of Mrs. Turney Perry, ofOwingsville.Mr. Henry Bowling has sold hislome on South. Main street to Mr..Nick Rankin, and will give possession November 1st.Communion services was held atthe Presbyterian church Sunday bythe pastor. Rev. W. W. Morton, atwhich time several were taken into-the church.. Mr. Sam Cassidy and family"have returned to their home at Flemingsburg, after several days' visit to-their aunt and uncle, Mr. and Mrs.M. D. Hurst.The marriage of Miss MaryXouise Bruce to Mr. James PattersonXail, of Paris, will be solemnizedWednesday at 4:00 p. m., at theMethodist church. All friends of thecontracting parties are invited.The Prohibition campaign isnow on in Millersburg, with one address last week. There will also bean address in the Park Wednesday,at 11:00, and another at the sameplace Friday, at-2:00 p. m. If theweather is unfavorable a suitablebuilding will be provided for the addresses. Mr. R. M. Caldwell sold hisgrocery stock on Saturday to Mr. G."W. Bramblett, giving immediatepossession. Mr. Caldwell will stillcontinue as agent for the BourbonSteam Laundry, and Levy DryCleaning Company., and will alsohandle the Viking separators. . Mr.Caldwell desires to thank his patronsfor their patronage during the timehe was in the grocery business, andasks that same may continue to doi business in the same old stand withMr. Bramblette.Three attractive box parties ofyoung ladies from the Millersburg. College, chaperoned by Miss OliveFisher, Dean of the College, Mrs. M.L. Hawkins, and Misses Bartlett and. Carter, of the M. C. faculty, attendedj the joint entertainment of the Isadore Duncan Dancers and GeorgeCopeland, pianist, at the LexingtonOpera House, yesterday afternoon.The members of the party were:A Complete Optical ServiceFor Out -of -Town PeoplePeople who come to Lexington for a single daywill appreciate this quick service in the examination of the eyes.The examinations are free and the glasses areground in our own shops and delivered to you onthe same day.Extremely moderate charges prevail and thecharacter of all our work is marked by high qualityand skill.Fayette Optical Shop3U-3U Wt Main Straat Ltxlngten, Kentucky'MiiAravr' Guaranteed ToMlCKey pieaSe All TastesIf some one asked you what sort of a picture would please everybody, wouldn't youranswer be a Film that combinedPATHOS, HUMOR,TENSE DRAMATIC ACTION,THRILLS and a LOT OFLIVELY COMEDYall so blended as to make a story that runssmoothly, upholds the interest and has beenwell produced? Well, that's ' 'MICKEY.""Mickey"brims over with adventure and romance, humor and pathos.See this thrilling photoplay that is makingmotion picture history,You will never forget"Mickey.In "MICKEY"You will see Mabel Normand at her very best.An All-Star Supporting CastA Wonderful Horse RaceA Thrilling Auto WreckTwo Powerful Men in aGreat rightAnd many other thrilling, exciting and amusing scenes. Take a wise tip see ."MICKEY.""Mickey," the One Big Reel Riot! You Must, You Will See "Mickey!"Two Days, Wednesday and Thursday, October 29th and 30thADIVIISSICjrN I Children and Gallerywar tax 35c22c plus 3c war tax 25cMisses Helen Hawkins, ElizabethSparks, Dorcas Lancaster, ClarineRoss, Nancy McEldowney, ThelmaSimpson, Mildred Miller, CrystalMcDaniel, Frances Land, LenaThompson, Georgia Hicks, May Curtis, Lucille Booth, Kate Ifatton andHelen Yum.MATRIMONIAL.Marriage licenses were issuedyesterday from the office o CountyClerk Pearce Paton to the following:James Hubbard, 32, farmer, andMiss Edna Lemon, 19, both of Millersburg; James Patterson Lail, 28,farmer, Paris, and Miss Mary LouiseBruce, 19, Millersburg; Robert B.Reeves, 21, farmer, and Miss Dynatha Kimball, 21, both of Winchester.THE NEWS hears that DanCupid has found two more targetsfor his arrows, and that about Nov.8, two young Paris people will bemarried in Louisville. The groom-to-beis a prominent young businessman, and the bride-elect is a charming young woman who butmore would be telling tales out ofschool. i -LUCAS OLIVER.Howard Oliver, 28, and MissCarrie E. Lucas, 20, both of Bourboncounty, secured license here Saturday afternoon, and were marriedshortly after.MASON HEABERLIN.Mr. and Mrs. John Nelson Mason, of near North Middletown, announce the engagement of theirdaughter, Miss Lillian Gertrude Mason, to Mr. Tracy Ralston Heaberlin,of Des Moines, Iowa. Miss Mason isa charming young woman. She hasbeen a teacher in the public schoolsof the county for several years, andhas a wide circle of friends. Mr.Heaberlin is a prominent young business man of Des Moines.BRUCE LAIL.A society event of to-morrowwill be the marriage in Millersburgof Mr. Jas. Patterson Lail, of Paris, Iand Miss Mary Louise Bruce, daugh-ter of Mr. and Mrs. S. E. Bruce, ofMillersburg. The wedding will take 'place at the Millersburg Methodist Ichurch at four o'clock to-morrow af-ternoon. The bride is one of themost beautiful young women in Mil-'lersburg, and has many friends here.The groom-elect is a popular youngbusiness man of this city.o .BIRTHS.In Tampa, Florida, to the wifeof Mr. Hervey Letton, formerly ofParis, a son; height nine and onehalf pounds; christened James Her-New Fall BootsOf Style and Quality!Tomorrow (Saturday) we offer new arrivals of the very newest advanced Fall Models, representing a great assortment of highest quality footwear, at prices made1 possible only by our value-giving economy store.You'll Be Greatly BenefittedBy Buying Your New Shoes Here!Our large assortmentof variety and stylesassures you completesatisfaction atECONOMY PRICESSPECIAL OFFERINGof Ladies' Beautiful Mahogany Tan English Lace Boots, also GlazedKid in Black English and High Heels, values up to 8.50, Special1 I 'Ml': JI .' j I! .' iJim?-0efi$5.95Ladies' Beautiful Tall $6.50 values, Boots in Tan and Black Kid.High and Low HeelsSpecial $4.99Ladies' New Fall Boots in GrayKid, Gun Metal, English Style,$6.00 GradesSpecial $3.99Ladies' and Growing Girls' $5.00Gun Metal English BootsSpecial $3.49Buy Your School Shoes Now. We Can SaveYou Big Money-Misses' and Children's $3.50 GunMetal ShoesSpecial $2.49Misses $4.00 Tan and Gun MetalLace BootsSpecial $2.99Misses and Children's $3.00 Gun'Metal ShoesSpeciall$1.99Men's $5.50 Gun Metal Englishand Medium Toe ShoesSpecial $3.99Men's $4.00. extra good Tan andBlack Work ShoesSpecial $2.99Best Boy's Dress andShoes, $5.00 GradesSchoolSpecial $3.49DAN COHENWhere Beauty and Economy ReignParis' Greatest Shoe Storervy Letton, Jr.-