- tete"--.- . j.AjRsrfcr.,.- ..J ' :' Tr"- r-. ..v5s, -I rrii-ifc-"P3 PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIVY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXVIIImmttPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1919?'" vj ? rlf . -4THEbbbbbBk bbbbbV bbb BH bhBOURBONNEWS1JEITZI SCHEEF VISITS PARIS ONLOVING MISSION.Accompanied by two friends, Miss"jnritzi Scheff, the accomplishedand talented songstiess who gave theleading part in the production of"Glorianna at the Lexington OperaHouse last night, visited Paris yesterday and placed a beautiful floraloffering on the grave of the late JohnFox, Jr., in the Paris Cemetery.Miss Scheff came to Lexington several days ahead of the company, andlias been the guest of Mr. and Mrs.Syerette Fox, in that city."While in Cincinnati recently MissScheff said to a newspaper man: "Ihad expected to leave the stage forever some years ago. That waswhen I married John Fox. That wasanother chapter of my life that has"been misunderstood. But John Foxis dead, and all that went beforedoesn't matter now. Only it hurtsfor people to think I- didn't care.John Fox was not only a rare artist,but he was one of the noblest andmost lovable men in the world thatis, the John Fox of the mountains.Translated to city life, however, he"became altogether different. For hisake I was willing to give up thestage and live in the wild mountaincountry around his estate at BigStone Gap, Virginia. I would have"been happy if he had continued towrite. But both- ot us could not afford to let our arts grow rusty fromdisuse. I know he had the geniusto do great things, far greater thanI could do, and my dream was toabandon my own career and encour--agehim to write more great bookslike "The Trail of The LonesomeTine." My dream didn't turn outthat way, that's all."TBEPABE WHILE YOU CAN; COLDWEATHER COMING.Our car-load of stoves and heaters"have arrived. Buy now. Have theml?ut up while you can.(28-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.SIGH SCHOOL TO OBSERVE ARMISTICE DAY.The Paris City Schools will fittingly observe Armistice 'Day'today. The exercises will be open tothe public.Dr. E. E. Snoddy, of Lexington,will be the visiting speaker. Theexercises will begin at ten o'clock,-a. m., with a children's program.Dr. Snoddy will speak at 11 a. m.Miss Reba M. Lockhart, teacher ofliistory in the High School, will preside. Miss Ellen Blanding willTiave charge of the music.FRANK &CQ.LADIES' OUTFITTERSGreatReductionsONHigh ClassSuits -andSkirtssFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERS!Automobile Delivery ,. . ,MAKING BARYTES SHIPMENTNot until recently has it becomeknown generally that a new enterprise had been in operation for sometime in Paris, and that it has all theearmarks of success. The old leadmine in East Paris, which was opened some years ago and worked for atime by local capitalists, is now being made to yield large quantities ofbarytes, a mineral that commandsgood prices in the markets for various purposes.Mr. Collins, a mining expert fromDenver, Colo., who has had a largeand varied experience in miningpropositions, is engaged in workingthe lead and barytes veins in this oldmine, and is making a success ot it.Large quantities of ore have beentaken out and shipped to a largesmelter in St. Louis, Mo., where it isprepared for commercial uses. Ithas been stated that preparationsare under way for the installationof up-to-date machinery for gettingout the ore, and that a force of miners who understand the businesswill be brought here to work themine.Yearo ago a local syndicate headed by Dr. Washington Fithian, father of Chas. N. Fithian, of thiscity, worked this mine with more orless success. Later it was taken inhand by a geologist from West Virginia, who pronounced it rich inlead,zinc and barytes. The minewas worked again for a short while,but tho-work was finally stoppedand the mine sealed up.PARIS SOLDIER TAKES BRIDENot having heard for some timefrom their son, Clarence Buchanan,who is in the service in France, Mr.and Mrs. Charles A. Buchanan,cabled headquarters of the army inFrance, asking for news. They received p. reply from their son himself, stating 'that he was -well, thathe had. married a Belgian girl whomhe met while in thfc service inFrance, and would sail for home onNovember 12.Young Buchanan repeived his discharge from the service at one of thelarge cantonments in this countrylast August. After a short visit tohis parents, he -returned to France,where he met t&eyoug -woman whoafterward became his wife.FALL SEEDSBest quality Northern GrownRosen Seed Rye, Less quantity per acre. Yields more thanany other variety. Also havehighest quality Seed Wheat andTimothy Seed.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.0T -PARIS MAN ARRESTED ON SERIOUS CHARGE.Charged with being drunk, andwith violating the Harrison antinarcotic law, Richard English,twenty-eight, of Paris, was arrestedin Lexington, Saturday afternoon byPolice Lieutenant Price, DetectiveDonlan and Patrolman Embry, andplaced in the county jail.English, who represented himselfas a veterinary, when first arrestedon the charge of being drunk, wassearched, and on his person wasj-uuiiu a, ytiuitiigf containing enougnnarcotics to stock a physician's lupply case. The package containedtwenty-seven 1-8 ounce bottles ofmorphine, one bottle of cocaine tablets, a package of morphine or opium, and a bottle of tablets to be usedis stimulating heart action. The police stated that at the time of liisarrest English carried a pint and" ahalf of whisky in bottles, in addition to what he had absorbed.The "dope" was in a package addressed to "Richard English, M. D."and was from the Frank S. BetzCo., of Hammond, Ind. It came collect, the charges amounting to $56.The packages had been opened andin them were several seals that looked as if they had come off the bottlesthat had been opened.English told the police he was aveterinary, but following a longdistance conversation with the Parisauthorities this failed of confirmation and the additional charge wasplaced against him.oDAUGHTERS OF REVOLUTIONELECT NEW OFFICERSThe folovring officers, to serve forthe ensuing term, were elected atthe November meeting of JemimaJohnson Chapter, D. A. R.t held inthe club rooms Saturday afternoon:Regent Miss Lilleston; first vice-regentMrs. Louis Rogers; secondvice-regent Mrs. Griffith; recordingsecretary Mrs. George W. Stuart;corresponding secretary Miss GraceHargis. registrar Mis. Wade Whitley; treasurer Mrs. H. E. Poster;historian, Miss Letitia Hedges; chaplain Mrs. Thomas Henry Clay, Jr.Mrs. Charlton Alexander radJareport of the State Conveirtforrfthe D. A. R., held recently in Lexington. The Chapter report givenby Mrs. Wade H. Whitley at theconvention was reported. The Chapter voted to buy "The Storm," a picture by the Kentucky artist, RobertBurns Wilson, for the Kentuckyroom of the Continental Hall atWashington, D. C. The Chapter alsovoted to mark the site of Martin'sFort, the earliest settlement in Bourbon county, located on what is nowCol. E. F. Clay's farm, near Paris,with an appiopriate tablet.PARIS GIRL TO ATTEND VOLUNTEER DISTRICT .CONVENTIONMiss Helen Hutchcraft, daughterof Mr. and Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft,of this city, left yesterday for New"Xork, where she will be engaged forthe next six weeks as one of the officials in the Foreign Student Department at the National headquarters ofthe Young Womens Christian Association". Miss Hutchcraft will be employed by the National officos to helpget ready for the National Students'Volunteer Convention, to be held atDes Moines, Iowa, from December 31to January 4.She will go to the Conventionfrom New York as one of the delegates representing the New York National offices, and is expected to takepart in the Convention. She receives a salary and all expensespaid. All the larger female collegesin the United Srates are expecied tobe represented at this convention.Miss Hutchcraft is a graduate oEWellesley College, in Massachusetts,and as a representative at the Convention she will no doubt prove tobe worthy and judicious.o :ARTILLERYMEN VISIT PARIS ONRECRUITING STUNT.A detachment of twenty artillerymen from the U. S- Artillery service, in command of LieutenantPowers, passed through Paris, Sunday afternoon, en route to' CampKnox. The men were in five largoarmy tiucks and two motor curs.From Camp Knox they wll go tothe Mexican-Texas border.The soldiers were here principally on a recruiting expedition, coming from Maysville, where they spentseveral days. They pitched camp inthe front yard of Volney Ferguson'shome on the Georgetown pike, nearCenterville, leaving early yesterdaymorning for Georgetown, Fiankfortand then to Camp Knox.OIL SYNDICATE INCORPORATESArticles incorporating the Parisnn Svndicato. a local oil corporation,have been approved by Secretary ofState Lewis, at Frankfort. The concern is incorporated with a capitalstock of $75,000. The incorporators are Cha?les ,F. Mann, Wm. II.BWkemore and Wallace W. Mitchell.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURTThe November term of the Bourbon Circuit Court convened yesterday morning with' Judge Robert LeeStout on the bench, and Commonwealth's Attorney Bradley at hispost. A number of visiting- attorneys wefi- in attendance.Judge Stout swore in the Sheriffand court officials before impanellingthe grand jury. That body is composed of Bert Rash, foreman; Ed.Allen, Stanhope Wiedemann, J. C.Bryant, Jr., John To les, EdgarHurst, Robert Ferguson, J. W.Brown, W. P. Thomas, Wm. Meteer,Chas. P. .Cook and Robt. McCray.In his charge to the grand juryJudge Stout laid particular stressupon the fact that they shouid conduct a rigorous investigation of anycharges of profiteering in any linesof merchandise that might bebrought before ttiem, especially inmatters of food. He told them thata profiteerer 'was distinctly a criminal, no matter what his station inlife might be, and that as such theyought to be vigorously prosecuted bythe courts and the grand juries.He repeated the usual charges urging the grand jury to investigat3chareres of grambliner and violationsof the local option laws, and statedthat all violations of the fish andgame laws sbould also receive theirearnest atiention. At this time whenthe question of living has come to bea matter of great importance theguarding of the game supplies of thecountry is a matter of gieatest interest and the preservation of game supplies of the country is a matter thatshould appeal to all classes and thejury was told to take up carefullyall such matters.County Judge George Battertonreported collections in his Courtamounting to $48.14. An order wasentered dismissing the case of McClure vs. McClintock. The will caseof Anderson vs. Anderson was alsodismissed. All petit juries weresworn in and dismissed until thismorning. Judge Stout then took upconsideration of the old ordinary appearances docket, which occupiedmost of the day.The following civil cases were assigned -for hearing at the sessionFriday? A. DwAshqraft vs.-EdwardPrichard;' Wm. J. Cain vs. EdwardOwsley: Sam Schooler's Adm'r vs.vs. George Williams Clay. TheCourt will convene in session to-day,when the Commonwealth docket willbe called. The grand juiy will alsobe in session and will probably conclude their labors this evening andmake their report.o"TKE CAPTAIN AND THE KIDS"AT USE GRAND.E. J. Carpenter's big cartoon musical comedy surprise "The CaptainAnd The Kids," which has beentermed as the biggest novelty anddance show of the season, will beat the Grand Opera House, Paris,Thursday, November 13.It is a musical farce in three acts,built for laughing purposes only,with a cast of thirty ,odd farceursand one of the best aggregations ofchorus beauties in musical comedy inall the stage finery an offering ofthis sort calls for.A carload of scenery and effectswith a vast amount of special features and eighteen song hits will beinterwoven so as to hinder the action of the play, which is fast frombeginning to end.AT PARIS GRAND AND ALAMO.To-day, Tuesday, November 11Albert Ray and Elinor Fair, in "LoveIn Love;" Antonio Moreno and CarolHollowoy, in "Perils of ThunderMountain;" Haiold Lloyd Comedy,"Be My Wife."To-morrow. Wednesday, November 12 Madge Kennedy, in "Strictly Confidential;" Big V Comedy,"Vamps and Variety;" Bray Pictograph. Thursday, November 13 OliveThomas, in "The Spite Bride;" PatheReview and Vod-a-Vil Movies.oSTREET WORK HINDEREDThe contractors having in chargethe work of concreting, and resurfacing Pleasant street, are having atough time in contending Avith theweather. They have made a braveeffort to pubh J;he work forward asfast as possible, but the rains havehindered and impeded the work, asthe men will not work in the rain.An effort was made to continue thework Sunday, so as to take advantage of the good weather, but waostopped by the city officials. Thesquare from Seenth to Eighth, onPleasant, has practically been completed, and had good weather continued the concreting would havebeen carried past the Governmentbuilding, at present a street full ofmud, sand, pebbles and rubbish. Itis ferventiy hoped by business jnenand others whose business takesthem tc the postoffice frequentlythat the weather man will let up,and give the contractors a chance topush the work forward. -' .STATE BOARD OF HEALTH ADVISES ABOUT DIPHTHERIADiphtheria is reported as existingin more than half the counties inKentucky. It is epidemic in severalof them. This is not a cause forsenseless alarm, but for intelligentaction. More than half the 249deaths which occurred from thisdisease last year were in childrenwhose parents failed to call a physician during the first three days ofthe sore throat. The greatest American authority speaking of diphtheria antitoxme, says:"When the remedy is properlyused on the first day of the appearance of the membrane in the throat,there are no deaths from diphtheria. When delay in its use extendsto the second day, the death rateruns from five to ten per cent; whenit extends to the third or fourth day,it runs up to thirty, forty and evenfifty per cent.""The following definite suggestions are offered by the State Boardof Health to teachers, parents orguardians for the suppression ofdiphtheria:When a child has .a sore throatit should be excluded from school,kept at home in bed, separated fromother children, and the family physician called. This is essential ifthere are whitish spots in the throat.Specimens should be taken by thephysicians and examined in approved laboratories or sent to theState Health Laboratories at Lexington or Louisville for free examination. If the case is at all suspicious antitoxin should be administered at once, 5,000 units if seen onthe first day, and from 7,000 to 10,000 units if seen later. This doseshould be repeated in six hours ifthe membrane is nqt getting smaller. Antitoxin is furnished by theState Board of Health at "greatly reduced prices to physicians andBoards of Health.A FAMOUS FOOTWEARHTHE GROVER SHOES. .The famous Grover Shoes 'forladies is sold at(tf) FELD'S SHOE STORE..,. ATTENTION,. laBtelfcJUkNlCThe regular meeting of A. J.Lovely Company, No. 34, UniformRank, Knights of Fythias, will beheld in their Castle Hall, to-morrow(Wednesday) .night, at 7:30 o'clock.Full uniform requested. There willbe work, a class of four candidatesto be initialed. Be sure to be onhand.WM. W. DUDLEY, Captain.WE KNOW MOWAny Tailor Can Make Clothes;Only Master Tailors Can MakeOur Smart Clothes!c4 carpenter can make a piece of furniture thatmay look well and last a few years. But the furniture that we prize most, the pieces that have beenhanded down through generations fas heirlooms, isthe work ot cabinet makers men who knew wood,how to season and work it according " to the grain,and how to join it so the joints would hold.So good clothes are the product of good tailorsour Smart Clothes the product of the best tailors.Every operation, from the shrinking of the woolento the fastening of the buttons, is the work of an -artistin his special field each doing his bit for theultimate accomplishment of the perfect whole.Our Smart Clothes inherit a tradition that hasbeen handed down through generations of the samefamilies working side by side in the shops, and therecord of the grandfather is a constant incentive to -theson and grandson.May we explain tp you personally the advantage there is in this for you?Prices $20.00 to $75.00MITCHELL &-Stttstn HatsManhattan ShirtsSUGAR SITUATION STILL ACUTTThe sugar shortage In this itrwhile it has not become any wonthan several weeks ago is-stilfacut-and no relief is promised by. tfc-wholesalers and jobbers umtil tkfemiddle of January, when- the? Mircrop from Cuba is expected to enaWrsugar bowls to resume their' usualplace on the dinner tables and restaurants and hotel tables.Wholesalers are swamped withrders for sugar and sales are lintitttfto one hundred pounds to the cusrtomer. All sugar is skipped out arapidly as it is -received. Several,grocers were almost entirely withoutsugar last week, and in order Jomake the amount they have' on .haaigo as far as possible sales -haT.been restricted to two pounds to the-customer. As a result "dessertleadays" have made their appearanceagain at some boarding housesThanksgiving feasts will not he assumptuous this year as previously,and Christmas candies will likelycome high and in small quantitiesEven when the Cuban sugar comeson the market, the product will notbe as plentiful as it once was, because of the tremendous demand byall European countries.The Sugar Equalization Boardissued a statement ' explaining thatit has no control over the presentbeet crop and is willing that itbe sold anywhere in the UnitedStates. The explanation is made tcorrect what is termed a prevateat:impression that the Board has. confined sale of beet sugar to certaim.prescribed territory.LEATHER.Reversible overcoats of genuineleather on one side and rainproofgabardine on the other. Can beworn either way.(It) J. W. DAVIS & CO.oSNOW EXPECTED POR OHIO VALLEY TO-DAY.Weather predictions for the weekbeginning Monday are:Ohio Valley Rain early days;possibly some snow about Tuesdaywith considerable lower temperature.Generally fair weather probable second half with temperatures risjng to.normal toward end of week.Region of Great Lakes RainMonday, probably snow in northernUpper Lake region, rain or snowTuesday and Wednesday, probablymostly snow, with temperaturesfalling below normal in Lower Lakeregion and returning to normal inUpper Lake region.BLAKEMORENtttlttan ShMtDr. RmjTs CmhiarLStla -Shani1'.iv-4..--- -.Jp eU a- w i -" "j;i..- " ' " '- TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1919fIGE TWO- -i n -v.ip-i'jTHE- BOUBBON NEWS, PABIS, KENTUCKY-vV iq'i1virHE BOURBON NEWStablished 188137 Years of Continuous Publicationiblished Every Tuesday and Fridayr Year.. $2.00 6 Months. .S1.00Payable in Adavance.?WIFT CHAMP. Editor and Owner.rjteUrwl at the Paris, Kentucky,Pottofflce at Mall Matter of theSecond Claai.)Any erroneous reflection upon theakaracter, standing or reputation ofmy person, firm or corporation whichay appear In the columns o THEBOURBON NEWS will be gladly corrected it brought to attention of theditor.OUR FOREIGN REPEESENTA-TJVES.New York American Press Asso--ciatiou.Chicago Lord & Thomas.Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son..Atlanta Massengale Adv. Agency.Cincinnati Elaine-Thompson Co.Louisville Stark-Lowman Co.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time; 60 cents per inchach subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on' candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andlimilai- matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reseivedto decline any advertisement or othermatter for publication.Announcements for political officesiuat invariably be accompanied byhe cash.EDITOEIAL MUSINGS.Typhoid Fever.Typhoid fever is found only inynui. It is caused by a short rodshaped microscopic vegetable organism. It enters the body through themouth and leaves in it human discharges to enter another humanmouth. It is carried by fingers,flies, fluids and food. It is essentially a disease of young adult life.Older people are less apt to have itbecause many of them have sufferedfrom an. attack of the disease intheir youth.'Typhoid fever is known by various names, "slow fever," "low feTer," "gastric fever," but by whatever name it is called, it kills about10 per cent, of those which it attacks. A certain percentage of thosewho recover become carriers, that is,persons who thought well, excretethe organisms of the disease in theirdischarges.Such "carriers" are largely responsible for the perpetuation of typhoid lever, but the installation ofproper sewer systems which not onlytake away noxious wastes, but also'do not deposit them in some oneelse's water supply, the abolition offlies, cockroaches, and other filthinsects, the maintenance of a purefood supply, the intelligent care ofthe typhoid patient, and the constant practice of cleanliness theseare the measures which will rid usfrom this disease."Until very recently typhoid hasT)een the scourge of armies, but nowthe anti-typhoid inoculation has reduced this danger to the minimum.The Waste Prom FiresUJAmerica leads the world in many-ways in the production of wheat,of copper, of corn, of many manufactures in fact, we are the giant'mong nations. In most ways weare proud of our leadership, but.there is one place in which we leadwhich is not a cause for pride.That is in the annual losses by fire.Peace time Europe loses less thanone-fourth as much by fire in proportion to total values as does theUnited States. And the regretablepart is that most of it can be prevented. Accidents do not happenthey are caused. Fires do not happen they are mostly the result ofcarelessness. It may be careless-ness-inbuilding; it may be carelessness in handling matches or in theuse-of lights, but it has been shownthat more than eighty per cent, ofthe fire losses are preventable.Many States have given lessons onfire prevention. In the schools ofsome States the children are taughtto prevent fires, just as th$y aretught to prevent disease. Care meansthe saving of dollars which cannotbe replaced. Property destroyed byflro is lost. You may recover insurance, but the company has lostand Ithe. world is just that amountpoorer. It is better to be carefulthan sorry. Every citizen in Parisshould see that his or her propertyis cleaned of all rubbish before winter sets in.Armistice Day.One year ago to-day hostilitiesceased in France. On the eleventhday and the eleventh hourx of theeleventh month firing ceased allaloag the line. History in the future will speak of the Armistice -asthe first successful attempt to stopfighting at a given time in the an-nals of modern warfare; and theevent is all the more dramatic inview of the Unexpectedness of theoutcome of the war. In no otherwar were hostilities spread over sowide an area; but in no other werethe armies in so good control of theirheadquarter, and this last factmade it possible to suspend all firing at the time designated. For themen at the front the last hour ofwar was noteworthy chiefly on account of the intense artillery fire ofboth sides. All arms and rank tookturns in serving the guns for onelast shot at the enemy and this madfiring made the last moments of thewar the most deadly of its wholecourse. " .KENTUCKY REPUBLICANS INCONGRESS AT WASHINGTONProceedings in the House of Representatives were stopped for a considerable -period Friday when theKentucky Republicans staged a dramatic entry. The parade was led byRepresentative John W. Langley,and as the members filed into thechamber some one on the Republican side started the applause. Theentire majority caught the spirit ofthe moment and every one on thatside of the chamber joined in thehearty applause."Who staged this demonstration?"asked Representative Blanton, ofTexas, who was recognized for aparliamentary inquiry."It was staged Tuesday in Kentucky," replied Chairman Campbell,of the Rules Committee, and theHouse proceeded to business.The conduct of the Senators inregard to their Kentucky colleagueswas much more dignified. Whileone of the votes were being takenon the reservations to the peacetreaty, Senator Gerry, of RhodeIsland, announced that the Senatorsfrom Kentucky, Messrs. Beckhamand Stanley, were both "absent onimportant business.The smile that passed over thefaces of the assembled Senatorsfollowing the announcement gaveway to laughter in some parts ofchamber and that ended the incident. M.ll ! l IlPET CORNS3iFew Drops of "Freezone," Then Lift .Corn Right Off i?m ..r'i'. - iMl W .- -. CA tiny bottle of "Freezone" costsso little at any drug store; apply afew drops upon any corn or callus.Instantly it stops hurting, thenshortly you lift that bothersomecorn or callus right off with yourfingers. Truly!. No humbug!adv)ivory Mats.There are but three mats of IvoryIn existence.' The largest one measures 8 by 4 feet; and, although madein the north of India, has a Greek design for a border. It is used only onstate occasions, like the signing of important state documents. The cost ofthis precious mat was almost Incalculable, for more than 6,400 pounds ofpure ivory were used in its construction. Only the finest and most flexible strips of the material could beused and the mat Is like the finest woven fabric.A LADY IN CHICAGO TELEGRAPHS FOR RAT-SNAP.Read Mrs. Phillips' wire: "Youell'sExterminator Co., Westfield, N. J.Rush $3 worth of RAT-SNAP."Later received following letter:"RAT-SNAP" arrived. It rid ourhouse of rats in no time. Just moved here from Pa., where I used RATSNAP with great results." Threesizes, 25c, 50c, $1.00. Sold andguaranteed by The Farmer's SupplyCo., Paris, Ky.(adv-nov)v oRelic Queerly Preserved.A steel ladle seven Inches long, supposed to have been used by Indiansin melting lead for bullets many years:iko, was found imbedded in the heartof a red oak tree sawed up for firewood at South Altoona, Pa. Rings on:he tree Indicate it was more than onehundred years old. The ladle, madeof the finest charcoal steel, is beleved to have been driven into the'ree when it was a sapling.ONLY A COLD.Are you ill? is often answered"Oh! it's only a cold," as if a coldwas a matter of little consequence,but people are beginning to learnthat a common cold is a matter notto be trifled with, that some of themost serious diseases start with acold. As soon as the first indication of a cold appears take Chamberlain's Cough Remedy. Remember that the sooner you get rid ofyour cold the less the danger, andthis remedy will help you to throwit off.(adv-nov)o .Many Time.HaYen't you observed that most ofthe world's mistakes are due to thecircumstances that It refrains fromdoing things as you would have themdone? Houston Post.if mr makes a happy life, a Jongxxlm uu a. auucessiui lite.rssrvr'srrsvN(JiWinning aWifev By RALPAMILTONSSSSSS'J(Copyrlrht. 1919, by tha Weitera Nwi' paper Union.)When Morton Lunt made up hismind to find a wife and start a home,he began at the latter -feature first."He was "a. man who prided himself onsystem in all his actions and, hehoped, on sense."I've saved up enough to start inright," he told a close friend, "andthe day I marry I shall have my ownhouse ready to go into and providedin a general way so far ahead thatthe high cost or living will mean nothing to me."Morton had his preference as to awife. If there was one young ladyhe most coveted it was Dorothy Norton, but he did not tell her so.His "system" forbade venturing "arash break" as he termed it, until"he was able to make a suitable presentment of his home and its accessories. In a quiet, almost secret wayMorton purchased i house at the edgeof the town with a lot ample for agarden and limited minor farming,and ordered it painted and decorated.He had a garage built, a chickenhouse, a cow stable and a pig pen.There should be plenty of eggs, butterand milk, he resolved, and each falla porker to cut up and salt down forihe winter's meat supply. He alreadyowned an automobile. Little by littleCrated furniture and other householdbelongings began to arrive, and finally about everything necessary for amodern model house was stored in thevacant rooms."I'm all ready," he soliloquized withsatisfaction, and wended his way tothe home of Dorothy. He joined herin the garden, Indulged in no circumlocution, told her frankly that he lovedher, asked her to become his wife andthen fairly gasped, for Dorothy wasovercome. She acted like a personhalf frightened to death."Oh, Mr. Lunt," she breathed bewilderingly, "I never expected this,and indeed, indeed I must not staywith you another minute ! I promisedmother I would never fall in lovewith anybody without first telling her,and here I've ..gone and done it Imean you have honored me with aproposal. Then, too, father is awayand I would have to find out what hethinks about it, and there are ourchickens over in our neighbor's yard!Oh! please give me time to thinkto arrange, I mean, to tell the folks."and blushing like a peony and in astate of fluttering embarrassment andconfusion Dorothy fan after thetruant fowls.Morton passed several days afterthat in great anxiety. At the firsthe felt sure that Dorothy would meethim or write him, but she seemed tokeep purposely put of his way and nota line did he receive. With a soreheart he finally made up his mindthat he had frightened away a goodfriend In seeking an unwilling bride.He would visit his desolated homefeeling as though he was "among theruins of some treasured palace. Bitby bit, however, his philosophy cameto his rescue. The fruits of all of hisplanning must- not go for naught.There was many a girl in the worldworth seeking, and doubtless glad tobecome mistress of a comfortablehome. Morton placed an advertisement in a city newspaper stating that"M. L., lock box 27, Rushville," wishedto hear from matrimonially inclinedyoung ladies who could appreciatelife partner with a kindly dispositionand the inclination to make a helpmeethappy. -, . va-hjp-!-During a whole month Morton hadnot met Dorothy to speak to her andbad seen her only at--a distance. Oneafternoon at the beginning of the fifthweek of his exile, he went down to thepost office to find his lock box chockfull of replies to his advertisement.Not onl thxjt, bujLa ed card requested him to'preent the same foroverflow mail addressed to M. L.There were letters and letters indaintily scented envelopes of allshades and sizes. He crammed hispockets full of them and decided toseek the seclusion of the woods liningthe river and have an uninterruptedopportunity of studying their contents. He had almost reached a shailycovert in view when a turn in thepath brought him face to face withDorothy !There was a sweet smile of welcomeon her bonny face, there was a magnetism in her innocent eyes that thrilledhim. Artlessly, with palpable eagerness she came nearer to hini."Oh! Mr. Lunt," she said, "I washoping to see you. I had to. wait tillfather came home from his trip. Hearrived last night and I asked him ifI could that is would he ""Let you marry me," propoundedMorton anxiously."Yes, Mr. Lunt, and he and motherboth like you.""And about yourself, Dorothvdear?""Oh, I could have told you thatlong ago !" and she placed her hand inhis own and looked up trustingly intonis tace.Morton Lunt's frenzied Impulse wasto kiss her but first he drew forthall the "M. L." letters. He tooktime to tie them into his handkerchiefweighted with a stone.He gave the group of amorous"epistles a great fling into the riverThen he kissed Dorothv.Mules EstrayedOne black horse mule, and onebay mare mule. Reward for information leading to their recovery.(7-tf) C. S. BRENT & BRO.LostA" gold watch chain ,rope design,lost on or near Main street, Saturday night. Liberal reward for return to THE BOURBON NEWSoffice.For SaleOne double-burner Wilson GasHeater, good as new. Can be seenany time atMRS. C. L. BELL'S,(tf) 1219 Main Street.Pleasant Work For Women!. Ladies, why work fifty-four hoursa week, when you can earn moreworking three hours each day, andbe your own boss? This is yourgolden opportunity. Send fifty centsin coin for sample and particulars.MOTS BEAUTY CO.,619 Joliet Street,(44t) LaSalle; Illinois.Fine Cattle For SaleI have 48 head of fancy feedingsteers for sale. Will weigh around1,000 pounds; also 18 head yearlingsteers.T. J. LEWIS,Frankort, Ky., Route 1,(28-tg) Home Phone 425.Live Wires WantedTo sell f-mall, low-priced farm tractors.Nationally advertised. Big commissions. Exclusive territory. Write NOW.R. R. RIDGEWAY, Distributoi407 E. Broadway, Louisville, Ky.TOBACCO FARMS265 acres .slightly rolling, seven miles from Jeffersonville, well improved, 40 acres in wheat.Price 125,000.294 acres practically level, located four mileifrom Charleston. Improvements consist of a goodhouse of eight rooms and bath, large barn withmilk house attached, new silo, large double cribsanti number of other out buildings. 50 acres of thisfarm are in blue grass, 40 acres in orchard grassand clover, 15 acre3 in timothy and clover and 30acres in clover. Price $100 per acre.511 acres extraordinarily well improved, 70 acresin wheat, located 3 miles from Charleston. PricetlOO per acre.243 acres well improved. GO acres in wheat, 4miles from Charleston. Prices $100 per acre.179 acres well improved, 3VJ miles from Charleston. Price $16,000.103 acres, fair improvements, 4 miles fromCharleston. Price $75 per acre.174 acres adjoining city limits of Sellersburg,two complete- sets of improvements, 50 acres inwheat. Price $13,000.All of the above farms are lime stone, on goodikes, in a high state of cultivation and are in&ark County, Indiana.These are but a few of the many bargains'that wehave to offer and we suggest that you come to Jeffersonville, so that we can show you Just what wehave. Our farms range in sire from 30 acres upward and are all located on good pikes within 20miles of Louisville.VOIGT INSURANCE AND REALTY CO.II JaffarsvnvilU, Indiana VWMaj.ror Sale PrivatelySix-room cottage located at 268.t. Airy Avenue, is for sale privately. This is one of the most desirable pieces of residence propertyIn the city, being located in the tfestneighborhood in Paris. House contains 6 rooms, bath, porches, waterworks, electric lights and all modernconveniences.Lot. is 76 2-3x200 feet. A nicebuilding lot could be taken off side.Ajry one desiring a nice home woulddo well to look this property over.For further particulars inquire onthe premises. -" MRS. LIDA B. CONWAY,Paris, Kentucky.Home Phone 337. (21-tf)xBOURBON COUNTY LAND ATPUBLIC AUCTIONRain or Shine, On .Saturday, Nov. 1 5, at 1 0 O'clock A. M.the JOHN SOPiilR farm of 367 acres, on the Little Rock and Jackstown pike and the Soper pike,two miles from Little Rock, 12 miles from Paris and 8miles from Carlisle. In three tracts, firstand second tracts separately and then as a whole, and the best bid accepted. This farm is one ofthe best cared for farms in the county, and practically three-fourths of the entire farm is excellenttobacco land and ready as one of the best money makers in the county.TRACT No- 1 Contains about 130 acres located on the Soper pike, all in blue grass,timothy and clover, except 15 acres broke out of sod in 1919 and now sown -to wheat and grass.Improvements consist of two-story frame residence of eight rooms, front and back porches, goodcellar, cistern at back door, dairy in yard, stock barn with good cistern, all necessary outbuildings,and watered by springs and creek. Splendid young orchard just coming into fruitage.TRACT No 2 Contains about 130 acres, all in timothy, blue grass and clover except 12acres in cultivation. Six room frame cottage in good repair, porch, cistern, spring house in yard,two tobacco barns holding about ten acres, and all necessary outbuildings. Has deeded right-of-wayfor driving and hauling through Tract No. 1, whichjroad is to be maintained by the owner ofTract No. 2. Separate way for driving stock to and from farm.TRACT No 3 Contains 107 on the Jackstown and Little Rock pike, two miles fromLittle Rock. One barn and stock scales. Two-thirds of this tract is fine tobacco land, 35 acres ofwhich has not been plowed for 30 years. Has good orchard and fine building sites.. I am making this sale on account of my inability to look after my land, and the sale will bepositive and without reserve.'TERMS LIBERAL-Ten per cent in hand on day of sale, 20 March 1, 1920, whenpossession will be given, 20 March 1, 1921, 20 March 1, 1922, 15 March 1923, and 15March 1, 1924. Deferred notes to bear six per cent, interest and lien retained on property to secure payment. The sale will be held at the barn onjm Tract No. 3.JOHN L. SOPERHARRIS & SPEAKES, Sales AgentsL. Dc KA!S, Gentra! Business Manager COL. GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer,Turkeys For Sale.Pure bred Bourbon Red Turkeysfor sale. Price reasonable. Call 37Clintbnville Ex., or addressJUrs. SAM CRAWFORD,(6-3t) Austerlitz, Ky.Notice to The Public!' If you are contemplating buyinga Piano, or Player Piano, don't failto see me before buying.We alsotake in exchange pianos,organs and talking machines.J. H. TEMPLEMAN PIANO CO.,Lexington, Ky.J. B. Geis, Representative, 918,Main Street, Cumberland Phone578. Cll-2t)Administrator's Notice.All persons having claims againstthe estate of Robert B. Lyne, deceased, are requested to presentthem, properly proven as required bylaw, to the undersigned Administrator, at the Farmers' & Traders'Bank, in Paris, Ky., for payment.All persons knowing themselvesindebted to the estate of the saidRobert B. Lyne are requested to callon the undersigned Administratorand make prompt and full settlement of such indebtedness.WALLACE W. MITCHELL,Administrator of Robert B. Lyne.(31-3 wks)Auction Sale of Four FarmsAS FOLLOWS:Uo. 1 Located on Ford's Mill turnpike, right vp against the city limits of Paris, and has on it a nice six-acre tobacco barn and stable, well fenced and watered by Houston Creek. Has a beautiful building site, containing 36 96-100 acres. Will sell thisfarm promptly at 2 p. m., and immediately after this sale wewill go to the Galloway farm, just beyond this one, and isabout one-half mile from the city limits of Paris, and shall-beknown asNo. 2 Ad" is owned now by Mr. Grant Galloway. This little farm of20 acreshas on it a splendid two-story eight-room residence,with good cellar and cistern at the door, nice young orchardand all kinds of outbuildings, school house in corner of farm.There is barn room for ten acres of tobacco, also good stock' barn and corn crib. We regard this the best 20 acres in Bourbon County, all bottom land, watered by spring and HoustonCreek. Don't forget the day and dateTHUBSDAY, NOVEMBER 13TH, -At 2 P. M., Rain or Shine.ON FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 14TH,. At 2 P. M., We Will SellNo. 3 This farm lies on the Brentsville turnpike, and is a part of theoldNoah Spears farm, 124 acres, more or less, with 4-roomcottage, outbuildings and good stock barn, good well at thehouse, nice orchard, 74 acres of this farm is in blue grass, 50acres in corn stubble, which is to be- sown to rye. This laball lays well and is ready for tobacco, as there has never beenany tobacco grown on this farm. Don't forget this farm willbe sold on Friday, November 14, at 2 p. m., rain or shine.No. 4. Located on the Bryan station pike, about 8 miles from Paris,Vz mile from Hutchison Station, 9 miles from Lexington, andcontains 103 acres,. 40 acres lying on the east side of the pike" unimproved, 63 acres lies on the west side of the pike and hason it a good, old-fashioned residence with five rooms, with allkinds of outbuildings, good cistern and well, fine orchard,stable and stock barn. This farm lays well and is the bestwatered farm in the county, and belongs to Mr. William Case,who has lived on the farm all his life, and has taken splendid care of it. We will first offer the 40 acres unimproved,then we will offer the 63 acres with improvements, separately,then we will offer the entire farm of JL03 acres as a whole,best bid accepted. Don't forget the day and date"SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 15TH,At 10 A. M., Rain or Shine.Remember, all the above farms will be sold on the premises andwe ask you not to get confused in the date.Remember, No. 1 and No. 2, on the Ford's Mill pike, will be soldThursday, November 13, at 2 p. m.; No. 3, on the Brentsville Pike,Friday, November 14, at 2 p. m., and No. 4, at 10 a. m., Saturday, November 15.Here is a chance for the small home seeker. Come out to the saleand buy one of these farms. ApplyPARIS REALTY COMPANY,C. P. Mann and H. S. Redmon,512-514 Main Street, Paris, Kentucky.Office With lee-Kent Oil Company. C. E. VAN HOOK, Auctioneer.Truck and Cars ForHireServiceable truck and cars for hireat reasonable rates. Taxicab serviceday and night.S. R. HUDNALL,Both Phones. At Ruggles Garage.Lost. RewardLost, somewhere between Twelfthstreet and Second street, a CoralBreaded Bracelet. Finder will be liberally rewarded if same is returnedto THE BOURBON NEWS office.(6-3t-pd)Administrator's Notice!All persons having claims againstthe estate of Mrs. Sallie E. Bashford,deceased, will please present themproperly proven, as required by law,to the undersigned Adminstrator, atthe Peoples -and Deposit Bank &Trust Company, corner of Main andFourth streets, Paris, Ky.All persons knowing themselvesindebted to the estate of the saidMrs. Sallie E. Bashford, deceased,are requested to call and makeprompt and full settlement of suchindebtedness.CLARENCE K. THOMAS,Administrator of Mrs. Sallie E. Bashford, Deceased.(2 4-3 wks)sN$TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1919THE BOraBOH TOWS, ' PAJULS, UJfTf CMJj '"prmtmfMS"SYRUP OF FIGS"IS UXATIVEFOR CHILDlook At Tongue! Remove PoisonsProm Stomach, liver andBowelsWA& TRAGEDY BROUGHT HOME tTO PAEJS MEN.Accept "California" Syrup of Figsonly look for the name Californiaon the package, then you are sureyour child is having the best andmost harmless laxative or physic forthe little stomach, liver and bowels.Children love its delicious fruittaste. Full directions for child'sdose on each bottle. Give it without fear.Mother! You must say "California." (adv)Jake Stern, who fought two yearsin the Russian Army at the beginning of the war, was wounded twice,and then came to Paris to live withhis brother, Morris Stern, merchant,received a letter recently from hismother, Mrs. Anna Stern, in Potrograd, informing him of the death bystarvation of his 16-year-old sister,Miss Ada Stern.The letter was written from Petrograd, September 18, and reachedParis uncensored. It was in August,the letter said, that the Bolshevikiconfiscated the property of Stern'sfather, Abraham Stern, taking hiscash funds amounting to more than$100,000, and leaving the familypractically destitute. Food wahard to procure, and Miss Stern andher mother went to the countrywhile Stern, a prominent andwealthy wholesale and detail druggist, remained in Petrograd to gathertogether what little remained of hisfortune.Miss Stern died of exhaustion andstarvation and the parents are existing on their meager holdings andare unable to get out of the countryto come to their children in Kentucky. The two sons want to sendtheir parents money, but feel itwould be confiscated before reachingthem.When the elder Stern's propertywas taken he was thrown into jailfor four months and almost died inorison for want of proper food. TheStern brothers will take the matterup with the authorities at Washington in the hope of being able to getrelief to their aged parents in Petrograd. If possible they will getpermission of the Russian government for their departure for America.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.TAXI - CABSERVICE -! REBELLIONI IN STOMACH IAUTO LIVERY CO.E. McCracken, Prop.Redmon Motor Car CompanyNight Call 760brighter:EVENINGS-EL-1 JO&GWI "Pape's Diapepsin" at once It -ends Indigestion and I$ Sour, Acid StomachI !v..,..,..,.....,... .....,. ...... ..-..When meals hit back and yourstomach is sour, acid, gassy, or youfeel full and bloated. When youhave heavy lumps of pain or headache from indigestion. Here is instant relief:Just as soon as you eat a tablet ortwo of Pape's Diapepsin all the dyspepsia, indigestion and stomach distress caused by acidity ends. Thesepleasant, harmless tablets of Pape'sDiapepsin never fail to neutralizethe harmful "Stomach acids and makeyou feel fine at once, and they costso little at drug stores.(adv)Nothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or- makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.VseSlectricitiTor CigbtingIt's the only satisfactory way.w .yor hcaiiwg and eooRittgIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix You UpFor the Use o! BothElectricity and Gas.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)SPECIALSHOWINGOFSuitsCoatsDressesShoesSkirtsWaistsETC., ETC.LEXINGTON, KY., Nov. 10."Because of relief I've gained I feelthat I'm justified in saying that Trutona gave me more benefits than anyother medicine I've ever taken," Russell Johnson, 66 years old, a retiredfurniture dealer and well-knownLexington resident of 605 SouthLimestone street, said recently."For many years I've been troubled with constipation," he continued."I had taken laxatives constantly.I would become to dizzy at timesthat I could hardly -get around. Iwas nervous and restless at nightso bad I could not sleep. Headaches bothered me constantly."The relief I've gained in Trutona has caused me to hope thatothers will try the new medicineand become convinced as I have. Mybowels act with clock-like regularitynow; I don't experience the dizzyspells any more and my appetite ismuch better than before. I'm gladto recommend Trutona."Mr. Johnson has voiced the opinion of thousands of people who havetried -Trutona and found the perfect tonic to be unsurpassed as a reconstructive agency as well as a mostsuccessful combatant of stomachliver and bowel troubles, nervous-u6uiuinKuuartUuiCia. sleeplessness and the like,this city and county for several ' . . nnTKT . . ,1lfrni1llppliand explained in Paris at Varden &Son's Drug Sioie. (adv)MARGOLEN'SBIG SPECIALSFor This WeekTWIN BROS.Department Store7 th and Main Paris, Ky10-pound bucket PureLard for $3.00Pure Pork Sausage3 pounds for (...$1.00Pork Chops ., 35cBest Cuts Steaks 35cRoast 25cSpring LambHindquarters 35cFrontquarters 30cMGOLEN'SFURSHi4n4Trees! Trees!PLANT NOWFruit and Sh'ade TreesBlooming ShrubsGrape VinesEvergreensPerennials 'RhubarbHedgeEtc.Free Illustrated Catlog.No Agents.H. F. Hillenmeyer &SonsLexington, Ky.(till-decl)JOHN WHITE k GO.LOUISVILLE, KY.Literal ftftmtt4 fvlLvaliM paffrComings ad Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mrs. Letcher Kash is visitingfriends and relatives in Covington.Miss Lucie Hall has returned toher home in Richmond after a visitto Paris friends.Mrs. French Tipton has returned to her home in Georgetown, aftera visit to Paris friends.Mr. J'. M. Alverson, of nearParis, was a recent visitor inGeorgetown, on a business mission.Mrs. N. P. Neff is a guest offriends and relatives in Dallas,Texas.Oscar T. Hjjiton. has returnedfrom an inspection of the oil territory and a business mission inTexas.Charles S. Ball, of the Ball Garage, is able to be out after a seriousattack of typhoid fever.Mrs. Georgia Webb and MissNell Crutcher spent the week-end inCincinnati on a combined pleasureand business mission.Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Nichols havereturned to their home in Danvilleafter a visit to Mr. and Mrs. R. S.Darnaby, near Paris.Isaac Cooper has returned to hishome in Ft. Worth, Texas, after amonth's visit to Mr. and Mrs. Varden Shipp, in Clintonville.Mrs. Walter Stuart and babehave returned to Lexington, after avisit to her sister, Mrs. Ollie Patterson, of Henderson street.Mrs. Swiney Ray has gone toDaytona, Florida, where she willspend the winter with Mrs. SallieBurgin Johnson, formerly of Georgetown. William Collins has returnedfrom Minneapolis, Minn., where heattended the National Convention ofthe American Legion, as a delegatefrom Bourbon Post.Mrs. T. G. Denton, who hasbeen a guest of friends and relativesinweeks, will leave this week forTexas, to spend the winter.Mr. and Mrs. Henry Weathershave returned from their honeymoontrip and are at the home of thegroom's father, Claude Weathers,near Clintonville, temporarily.Miss Minnie Hooper has returned from a visit to friends in Louisville. She was accompanied homely her sister, Mrs, J F. Ware, whowill be her guest for several days.Stanley Price is with the firm -ofC. S. Brent & Bro. during the turkeyseason. He has been in Madisoncounty several days, making purchases for the Thanksgiving trade.Charles Burris, Shirley Dalzelland Carl Shorte have returned froma trip to Flint, Michigan. Theymade the return trip driving threenew cars that had been purchased bythe C. S. Ball Garage.Clyde Calvert, of Oklahoma, ishere to visit his wife and baby, whohave been guests of friends and relatives in this 'city and county for several weeks. They will leave thisweek for their Oklahoma home.Mrs. Virgil Gaitskill entertainedthe members of the C. W. B. M. ather home near Clintonville. Therewas a good attendance. After therendering of an unusually interesting program, luncheon was served.Miss Mary Dan Harbeson, thepopular soloist of the Paris Presbyterian church, is assisting in thesong service in a revival being heldby the noted revivalist, "Gypsy"Smith, at Greensboro, North Carolina.Mr. and Mrs. Lawrence D.Mitchell have moved from NorthMiddletown to Paris, and. are occupying the Saloshin home on Pleasant street, which they recently pur-1chased.The following from Paris witnessed the football game at Charleston, West Virgina, Saturday, between the teams of Centre College,of Danville, and the West VirginiaCollege team: Owen Gibson, JulianRogers, Thos. Prichard, HiramAdair and Edward Prichard.L. W. Dunnington, father of thelate Sidney Dunnington, has returned to his home in. Kansas City,Mo., after a visit to his sister, Mrs.A. E. Dunnington, and his niece,Miss Bryninna Dunnington. Thiswas his first visit in fifty-four years.He formerly resided in the oldhouse on the site of the new PublicLibrary, at the corner of High andSeventh streets;Although the season has giown alittle late for pleasure excursions,automobile touring-parties still payParis a visit. A party composed ofMr. and Mrs. L. C. Smith, Mr. andMrs. C. D. Demaree and Miss MarieRose, of Sandusky, Ohio, who hadbeen attending the Fall Festival inLexington, and visiting friends inthat city, were in Paris for a fewhours Saturday, en route home.The following invitations havebeen sent out to the ex-service menof Bourbon county by the Entertainment Committee of Bourbon Post,American Legion: "You are invited to attend a banquet to be givenby Bourbon Post, American Legion,in the Y. M. C. A. Hall, Paris, Kentucky, Armistice Day. Clever Program. Good Music. AdmissionFree. Please Reply." As the committee may not have a complete listof all the ex-service men in thecounty, it is earnestly requested thatthose not having invitations willcome also.LEXINGTONMGIVESREASONSFOR HIS BELIEFJohnson Thinks Benefits GainedJustify Glowing TributePaid TrutonaGLASS URGES PUPILS T(T SAVE.Ul P U J II I p.. SiV- .-Sv , i-i ." .aSecretary of the Treasury Glasshas sent out an appeal to the 20,000,000 school boys and girls of thecountry, urging them to continuethe habit .of earning and savinTmoney and investing it in Government securities. In addressing themas producers, consumers and homemakers of the future, the Secretaryof the Treasiuy praised the wonderful work the school children didduring the war in production ofneeded materials, saving of foodand money and investment ih Government securities.DOUBLE BEAUTYOF YOUR HAIR'Danderine" creates massof thick, gleamy wavesBlouse Week!A Nation - Wide Event to beCelebrated by UnusalValue GivingThe purpose of this event is to promote the sale- ofblouses by offering splendid values of this season's newestand best styled garments for fall and winter wear.Close co-operation with manufacturers enabled us toprocure a.goodly share of their best values fronT whichwe have chosen the following items as worthy representatives. Buy liberally.November 10th to15th Inclusivea-41i38iay-4Jm3S3I1si-tfII9R?tei3im100 Splendid Georgette and Crepe de ChineBlouses Reduced to $5.00 EachColors are white, flesh, navy, bisque, taupe andblack. High or low neck designs, plain tailored or lacetrimmed. y65 Very Handsome Georgette Crepe Blouses Reduced to $7.50 EachThese blouses are made of heavy quality Georgette,in all shades, including white, flesh, navy, brown, taupeand bisque, also a few fine white net blouses are included.75 White Voile and Batiste Waists Reduced to$1.98Plain tailored, lace trimmed and colored" trimmed designs in a great variety of beautiful and serviceable models for present a well as spring wear.We direct particular attention to a special offering ofTailored Suits and Tailored Cloth Dresses at the reducedprices of$39,50 and $49.50Wolf, Wile C& Co.Lexington, Ky.In a few momenta you can transform your plain, dull, flat hair. Youcan have it abundant, soft, glossyand full of life. Just get at any drugor toilet counter a small bottle "of"Danderine" for a few cents. Tienmoisten-a soft cloth with the "Danderine" and draw this through yourhair, taking one small strand at atime. Instantly, yes, immediately,you have doubled the beauty ofyour hair. It will be a mass, sosoft, lustrous and so easy to do up.All dust, dirt and excessive oil isremoved. - l i'Let Danderine put more life, color,vigor and brightness in your hair.This stimulating tonic will freshenyour scalp, check dandruff and falling hair and help your hair to growlong, thick, strong and beautiful.(adv)Save Time and MoiieijBy Using aHome TelephoneResidence rate ranging from $1.35 to$3.00 per month for Bourbon Countyservice.Place your order now and avoid the.fall rush on installs.Paris Home Telephone TelegraphCompany(Incorporated) " r - vJ. J. Veatch, District Manages W. H. Camion, local Kaaager;fgggEBSliJgSgglggSSglgIggilSl'lgggSSEggslgsgSTgSSiiiii-siUHllVHpKjK3c9R225flEI'm jnt23sQin9j&VCxlMr. and Mrs. David May, ofLeesburg, recently celebrated theirfifty-third wedding anniversary.It was quite an enjoyable affair andcame as a great surprise to them.The children had prepared the dinner in secret, and Mr. and Mrs. Maywere not sent for until the guestsarrived. The table was beautifullydecorated, and in the center was alarge cake with fifty-three candles.Mr. and Mrs. May were recipients ofa large number of beautiful gifts.Among the guests were Mr. andMrs. J. T. Prather, three sons anddaughter, of North Middletown, andMr. ana Mrs. iuasei May ana son,JAetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect Against NFireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityAnd OtherCasualties xDon't Worry About theLaundryLet Us Demonstrate theEden ElectricWashing MachineIn Your Own HomeT. W. SPICER1 314 Main St. Paris. KentuckyEast Tennessee Phone 103; Home Phone illimiiiiiiiiiiiininuiM.......TgCT..agea.. V.VA. J. FEEk&3?:sx;IKXGEO. W. DAVIS aFUNERAL DIRECTOR IMotor Equipment 1BOTH PHONES DAY 137- NlfSMT 5H - I, l. --- - j .mm'mmmum nvwCorntr Fifth and! Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.fCraig, of .Little Rock.(Other Personate on Page 5)- -January meat maracc cnov i3w)-sAGENT-d1An- " "" t" V.WWB.Vv "w j -"Vs:&f'-:-J-- r&jc.- rw1. 'y.-W -? - ",!.. - w 3?I I. A. - -- V t;-,r'r. 1j!& -Vs f-r -sW "S-iTilL --"-"V' ,J ""3513-t BmTHE B0U1B01 lttl,N fiXH tXSITfKXt j?-euTj3---TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1I1SsIqtf4fTATE-BOABD TO ADD COUHTYHEALTH BOARDBecause of the desire among anumber of counties to maintain efficient, fulltime Health Officers, theKentucky State Board of Health hascreated a Bureau of County HealthWork, whose activities will be solelydevoted to assisting in financing andjpromoting the work of such departjoents. Dr. P. W. Covington, of the International Health Board, has beenloaned to the State for the purposeof assuming the Directorship of thethe Bureau.In the beginning a large part of3iis time will be devoted to assistingcounty health authorities in organizing full-time health departments.Dr. Covington brings to the State-wide experience in such work, having spent the last ten years in organizing county health departmentsthroughout the South, as well as infiome of the foreign countries.The State Board of Health is nowIn position to give $5,000 annually!to the first five counties making alike appropriation. The $10,000jthus provided for, in each of the fiveCounties, to be used in employing aphysician, trained in public healthTrork, and an adequate number ofassistants, such as public healthcurses, microscopists and sanitaryinspectors, who will devote their entire time to the prevention of sickmess within the county.The State Board of Health expectsto show at the end of the first year'swork such a decrease in the death-rate from preventable diseases, inlive counties selected, as will createa desire among a large number ofCounties for such departments, byjphich time it is hoped that such arrangements will have been made as J"Will enable the Board to financiallyco-operate with most of the countiesDr groups of counties in the State.o3RJEF SKETCH OF GOV. EDWINMORROW.DODTGS 01 THE IAWffi INKERCIRCLES.Richmond Chapter No. 16, RoyalArch Masons, pleasantly entertained a class of teir' novitiates lastThursday night. Among those whowere initiated into the mysteries ofthis ancient branch of Masonry wasMr. J. C. Cain, Jr., of Paris, a popular L. & N. employe.Col. R. L". Slade was elected superintendent of the Pythian Home,in Lexington, and Mrs. Slade matronof the Home at a meeting of theBoard of Directors of the institution. Plans are being made for a memorial service to be held Monday,November 17, by the members of theBlue Grass No. 762, Knights of Columbus, of Lexington, for deceasedmembers of the Council.Members of the State Assemblyof Rebekahs at the meeting lastweek in Lexington voted to raise$1,000 a year for the next ten yearsfor the endowment fund of the OddFellows' Home.The Pythian Sisters will set thesupper at the K. of P. banquet onThursday night, November 20, towhich all meffifcers, wives or sweethearts are invited.Four candidates will be initiated a'i the meeting of the UniformRank, to be held to-morrow night.;MATRIMONIAL.------ ZJLSLLEXINGTON GETS NEXT HOMEMISSIONARY MEETING.Ed. Morrow, as everybody knows2iim, 3ias finally attained his life longambition and will be Governor ofKentucky, beginning next month.Born November 30, 1877, he willjust be 42 years of age when he assumes the office to which he waselected by a Republican majorityIritherto unreached in the State. Aeon of that splendid lawyer and citizen, Judge Thomas Z. Morrow, anda. nephew of Governor, and later,Senator W. O. Bradley, he comes byliis many fine qualities most naturally, and the fact that he is personally a most lovable fellow, accountsfor his tremendous popularity. Hisonly other office was U. S. DistrictAttorney for the Eastern KentuckyDistrict and his only other race wasfor Governor against A. Owsley Stanley, who only beat him 471. Mr.Morrow married Miss Katherine,daughter of the late O. H. Waddle,of Somerset, and they have two children. He is the leading lawyer atthe Somerset bar and enjoys a lucrative practice. His twin brother,-Charles, is a. colonel in the regular-army and is now on duty in Siberia."Ed" has a winning smile, a pleasantaddress and is gifted in oratory andit is no surprise to his friends thatlie finally got what he went after.As a well-wisher of the clever gentleman, we trust that he will beable to keep all his good promisesand acquit himself creditably and"well.oNEW BARBER HRM.Lexington gets the 1920 meetingof the Woman's Home Missionary Society, Kentucky Conference, Methodist Episcopal church.The confeience has been in sessionat Grace M .E. church at Newport,during the last week and electedofficers as follows: President, Mrs.C. A. Berry, Lexington; Vice President, Mrs. O. G. Peterson, Somerset;Corresponding-Secretary, Mrs. W. R.Heflin, Newport; Treasurer. Mrs. J.N. McGuire, Ashland: RecordingSecretary, Mrs. Albert Highfield,Lexington; Department Secretaries,Supplies, Miss Nannie Porter, Ludlow; Young People, Mrs. B. H.Kaighn, Newport; Children, Mrs.George Webb, Lexington; ConferenceMeeting, Mrs. L. G. Godbey, Berea;Conference Organizer, Mrs. JohnMealy, Newport.The next meeting will be held atLexington, in November, 1920.B-4 FIREInsure withW.O. HINTON &SON,AgtsFIRES AND BURNS IN THE DAY'SNEWS.Walker Demett, who has been inthe barbering business in Paris forthe past twenty-one years, and Lucien Johnson, who has been in the"business in this city for nine years,amd many years before that in otherplaces, have formed a partnershipin conducting the business at Demett's old stand, No. 120 Tenthstreet, near the Louisville & Nash--villepassenger station.We submit the following scale ofjprices for the benefit of prospectivend present customers: Shave, 15-cents; hair cut, 25 cents; massage,25 cents; shampoo, 25 cents; hair.singe, 25 cents; hair tonic, 10 cents.We guarantee to give you as goodwork as any shop in the city. Weirill be open early and desire yourpatronage.WALKER DEMMETT,LUCIEN JHONSON.(7-tf)QNEWSPAPER MAN RESIGNSJOIN L. & N. FORCES.TOJoseph Letcher, for several monthsa valuedmember of 'the KentuckianCitizen reportorial staff, and a newspaper man of marked ability, has resigned his position and joined theclerical forces of the Louisville &Nashville, at this point.Mr. Letcher yesterday laid asidelis newspaper duties and took upliis new work in the clerical department of J. C. Nickerson, roadmasterof this division of the Louisville &Nashville, with headquarters inParis. Mr. Letcher's former associates and other friends of the localpress gang wish him unboundedsuccess .ana prosperity in nis newposition.oHEW ATJTO OWNERS.Sparks from a stove ignited thedrying family washing and destroyedthe kitchen at the home of NewtonRemley, in Versailles.While churning near an opengrate, the clothing of Jane Steol, 14,colored, caught fire and she receivedfatal burns, in Harrodsburg.The home of McBrayer Moore, inDanville, was damaged by fire whichwas started by spaiks from a chimney falling on the roof.Mrs. R. H. Curtis was seriouslyburned and narrowly escaped death,in Winchester, when gas in a stoveexploded, the flames enveloping herhead.One man was killed, a number incurred minor bui ns. and a loss whichwill exceed a million dollars resultedin an. oil fire - which swept eightyacres of proven oil territory on theoutskirts of Waggoner City, nearWichita Falls, Texas, and destroyeda large part of that town.Acreage in this field is owned bymany Eastern concerns. The fire occurred when lightning stiuck an oiltank.oFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanELECTIOHtITOTES.-COOK BOOTH.J. B. Booth, of Paris, and MissStella Cook, of Cynthiana, daughterof Mrs. Margaret Cook, wealthyland-owner, eloped to Covington,Saturday, and were married by Rev.Hugh Leight, pastor of the Prebbyterian church, at the home of thebride's sister, Mrs. T. S. Nelson, wifeof a leading physician.After the wedding the couple -wentto Cincinnati and were guests at adinner tendered by friends at theGibson House. .After the honeymoon trip they will return to Cynihiana and make their home at No.15 Elmarch avenue. The weddingis the culmination of a romance ofless than a month.BENCKART SALOSHINMiss Margaret Benckart, ofLexington, and Mr. Jakie Saloshin.formerly of Paris, now a resident ofLexington, were married at 6:30o'clock last night at the parsonageof St. Peter's Catholic church, Lexington, Rev, Father Wm, T. Punch,performing the Ceremony. The wedding was a very quiet one, only thenecessary witnesses being present.Immediately following the ceremony Mr. and Mrs. Saloshin left forChicago, where they will visitfriends and relatives. On their return they will be with the bride'smother, Mrs. Thomas C. Dehore, at612 South Limestone street, untilJanuary 1, when they will go tohousekeeping.The bride is a sister of Mrs. Bernard Santen, of Paris. She has beenprivate secretary to City Clerk JamesJ. O'Brien, of Lexington, and iswidely popular both in Lexingtonand Paris.Mrf Saloshin is a son of Mrs.Louis Saloshin, lately of Paris, whowith her family recently moved toCincinnati, and is a brother of Mrs.Sim Levy, of Paris. He is connected with, the drug firm of Hayes &McCarthy, of Lexington. Duringhis residence in Paris he was a clerkin the L. Oberdorfer drug store. Heis very popular here. THE NEWSjoins a large circle of friends in ifervent wish for the future happiness of Mr. and Mrs. Jakie Saloshin.May they live long and prosper.OLD BROOM FACTORY DESTROYED BY EIRE.A building near the Louisville &Nashville tracks, in Thornton Division, recently vacated by the BradleyBroom Works, was destroyed by fireyesterday afternoon, about threeo'clock. An alarm from Box 26brought the fire department 10 thescene. The fire had 'gained suchheadway before the arrival of the department that it was beyond control,and the structure was soon destroyed. The building was owned byMrs. Thomas F. Roche, who placedher loss at $1,200, with no-insurance.-The origin of the fire is unknown, but is ascribed either tochildren playing with matches, or tosnarks from a nassina engine. Theadjoining property of Stuart &O'Brien, and a cottage belonging toMrs. George Stuart, occupied by EarlMcCracken, were in danger for atime, but were saved by the goodwork of the department.oWAR MOTHERS' MEETINGMASON HAEBERLIN.Miss Lillian Gertrude Mason,daughter of -Mr. and Mrs. John-NelsonMason, of Bourbon county; andMr. Tracey Haeberlin, formerly ofAshland, a nephew of CongressmanW. J. Fields, were married last weekat the home of the bride's parents,near North Middletown The ceremony was performed by Uev. L. C.Anderson, of Brownsburg, Indiana,who formerly taught in the schoolsof North Middletown. After the ceremony, Mr. and Mrs. Haeberlin motored to Lexington with their bridalparty and took the Cincinnati Southern train for a short bridal trip, after which they will be at home at1335 East Grand Avenue, DesMoines, Iowa.The Mason residence was beautifully decorated for the occasion withyellow chrysanthemums, autumnleaves and ferns, which "were bankedin the living room. The maid ofhonor was the bride's sister, MissEliza Clay Mason, a graduate of theUniversity jof Kentucky. Mr. JohnR. Marsh, of Maysville and Lexington, was best man for the groom,who was his comrade-in-arms whenthey were in France. The bridewore a- traveling suit and hat ofmidnight blue and carried whiteroses. Mrs. William Mason, of Mt.Sterling, a cousin of the bride, sangbeautifully before the ceremony, accompanied by Miss Alma Rice, ofParis. A large number of friendsand relatives from Central Kentuckytowns were present.Mrs. Haeberlin is a member of oneof the most prominent and influential families in the county, and hasa large circle of relatives and friendsin the State. Her husband is a native of Kentucky, and has been inbusiness in Des Moines for severalyears. Their marriage is the culmination of a romance which began,before the war. Mr. Haebeilin served fourteen months in France as anordnance sergeant.The official vote of Bourbpn county, in the election of Tuesday, as certified to by the Bourbon CountyBoard of Commissioners, Saturday, isas follows: For Governor, Black,2,557, Morrow, 2,113; for Lieutenant-Governor,Shanks, 2,423, Ballard, 2,009; for Secretary of State,Cohen, 2,447, Vaughn, 2,005; forjAttorney-General, Daugherty, 2,439, .Dawson, 2,003; for Auditor of State, IBosworth, 2,434, Craig, 2,005; forTreasurer, Turner, 2,436, Wallace,2,004; for Superintendent of PublicInstruction, Foster, 2,433, Colvin,2,000; for Commissioner of Agriculture, Newman, 2,432, Hanna, 2,000;for Clerk of Court of Appeals, Godman., 2,432, Speck, 2,000; for Representative, Thompson, (Dem.) 2,445;for Railroad Commissioner, Kash,(Rep.) 2,000. Each candidate onthe' Socialist ticket received one vote.The vote on Constitutional Amendment No. 1 stood yes, 621, no, 230;Prohibition Amendment, yes, 2,153,no, 1,872.County Farm.NicholasAt Public Auction, Rain or Shine .We, as agents for Geroge D. Stewart, will sell, on the premises, onTuesday, November 18, 1919, at 10:00 A. M.A postcard to THE NEWS from aformer Paris man, who holds an important and responsible position inone of the State departments atFrankfort, bears the following disconsolate message: "Who wouldhave thought it? And how did ithappen?" The Paris man, who hasmade an excellent official, will havethe consolation, should the Republican official axe fall .upon him, ofknowing that his services will beeagerly snapped up in other lines.The recount also showed that thevote on the prohibition amendmentwith the result from two countyprecincts still ont, gave a majority of250 for the amendment. The totalvote of eighteen out of the twenty1 precincts was 1,852 for the amendment and 1,602 against it. SoBourbon goes "dry."A recount of the vote on the $60,000 bond issue for the constructionof a sanitary sewer system in EastParis, showed an error in the firstcount. The recount showed thebond issue carried by 34 more thanthe necessary majority. The votewas as follows: For, 708; against,337.COME AND TRY' OUR PLACESTORAGE BATTERY EXPERTS'We know the battery businessfrom start to finish. When repairsare necessary we make them quicklyand at the right price. When youneed a new battery we furnish aGould," the best battery on themarket.DICKERSON & SON,106 Tenth Street,(73t) Both Phones 436.his farm of 133 acres, located on the Taylors Creekmiles south of Carlisle.pike, about fiveThe improvements consist of a seven-room 2-story frame residence,two halls, front porch, well in yard and one of the best dairies in thecounty. Has all necessary outbuildings in good repair, a good stockbarn, an 8-acre tobacco. barn 40 by 60 and a-four-room tenant house.Is under good fencing and is well watered.4All in grass except 20 acres, which is sown to wheat and timothy.TERMS, LIBERAL 10 per cent, of the purchase price- on day ofsale, 23 1-3 per cent, on March 1, 1920, and balance in three equalpayments of 1, 2 and 3 years respectively.The. owner, George Stewart, and Harris & Speakes, will take pleasure in showing the farm to prospective buyers.HARRIS & SPEAKES, Palis, Ky. 'or C. U. BRAMBLETTE, Carlisle Ky.Vhe Sheraton jirt 9focieliNow On Display in Our Store.Come in and and let us show you this wonderful machine,and hear it play. MO NEEDLES TO CHANGE.BALION MA CHINSSee this machine and hear it play.TJhe jiuto 3jleFeatuture Exclusivewith theDalion Machine.Christmas is drawing near. Don't be disappointed ingetting your machine on time. From the information thatwe receive from the manufacturers they will be just asscarce this year as last.Come in and make an early selection.Sirooks & Snapp Drug Co.-oMAYOR ISSUES ARMISTICE DAYPROCLAMATION.The Lexington Cadillac Co. re--portsthe sale and delivery of a fourpaaeenger Cadillac machine to MissCary Spears, of Paris. Smith Bros.,Republic truck dealers, of Lexington, announce the sale of a two andone-fcalf ton Armleder truck to theMaaefieli-Jefferson Lumber Co., ofJariB.The officers and directors of theBourbon County War Mothers' Association will meet in the CountyCourt room in the court house, tomorrow (Saturday) afternoon, at2:30 o'clock. The attendance of allthe members is urgently requested.oAnother reason we are glad we arenot a girl is "because if we could getthings .for crying for them probablywe wouldnit-work and would losebur health.To-day will be celebarted all overAmerica as "Armistice Day," incommemoration of the fact that onthis day one year ago, the greatworld war that had torn a continentwith strife, practically came to anend. While there will be no publiccelebration of the day in this city,Mayor E. B. January has issued aproclamation, calling the attentionof our people' to the day and askingthem to observe it. The proclamation follows:"City Hall, Nov. 7, 1919."To the Citizens of Paris:"In gratitude to Him who rulesthe universe, for His great mercyand goodness to the American ppople for their victory over a foreignfoe, I hereby set aside Tuesday, November 11, 1919, as a general holiday, that the people may rejoice andin prayers of thanks show theirgratitude."Respectfully,"E. B. JANUARY,Mayor of 'Paris," Kentucky."OVERCOATSFOR MEN AND YOUNG MEN$15.00 to $65,00The StylesYou'll say this is the best -showing of overcoats intown. The overcoat needs of men and youngjhave beencarefully studied out, and we're ready to show the neweststyle creations. Young men will like our form-fittingwaist seam coats in single and double breasted, whilemore conservative men will like the styles we are prepared to show them.The FabricsDurable fabrics have been selected for long wearMontmacs, Meltons and Kerseys are shown in conservative styles for men in new color tones. Good, heavy materials, including, warmth without weight fabrics4 areeffects y0Un8 men tanS' brWnS' gr6enS and fancyThe ValuesOf course this is the main thing-and of course whenyou buy an overcoat here, you'll find it thejbest values intown. You are assured of style satisfaction, fabric satisfaction and we are ready to show you value satisfactionlet your new overcoat come from our store.$15.00 to $65.00r " irrmf rCopyright, 1319, A. B. Erchhamn Coxspas?-Everything in Furnishings for Men and BoysR.7th and MainP. WALSHOne-Price StoreParis, Ky.- , - II,Z r ?" -"? -SL ' "- KtjCTV3S&- .-- r- Z.. .- " r-saK,-.' .?' -&"yUcSs&m&nr Jk.?4,jer.a&rJS-Tta?itbv-T n.Vv 3'wara:HS5,?!9-3&r -5v- ' --- :- rACr u-!K3HML"-V fJ ii 1-V .g :- . & f, -JgLr Ufey? frft.'T'UESDAT, NOVEMBER 11, 1819 .v71 "XULB BUUJUJUJI JliWa, XAJUB, JUUt;TOUJLX:- '-m7-- -'fUjfrfej&ASs&iinn ---- - tiSOCIAL AKD PERSONAL.FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEComlnfs and Goings of Ourreople Here, There andElsewhere. fcTURKEYS.We will be unable to publishn advance the last day ontvhich we will receive turkeys.We will stop receiving when weItave gotten enough to fill ourtrders.CHAS.S. BRENT BRO..cxll-tf)0YOU'LL FIND BTT.T.TKTTC SHOES AT3). PELD'S SHOE STOREIf you are looking for the Billion Slioes for children, come xo(tf) FELD'S SHOE STORE.oREPORT OF HUTSELL SALEAt the public sale of livestock belv.n,ng to Eugene Hutsell, held onthe premises near Hutchison. Friday,good prices ruled, the bidding beingspirited. The sale was conductedty George D. Speakes, of Paris.Sheep sold for $13 a head; broodkavs $25 to $35 a head; one bunchci small pigs ?4 a head; cows, $70Vj $110.50; one pair of mules, $300,NEW CROP MOLASSESWe have just received a fine lotcf New Orleans Molasses and country sorghum. Better get some, as itL- going fast. ' "'at)C. P. COOK & CO.WANTED, TURKEYS.10,000 head fat turkeys.. Willpay highest cash price day ofdelivery.Will receive from November?th to 20th. Get our pricesbefore selling.Will have branch house atMillersburg, corner Foorth andVimont.LEON RENAKER & CO.Home Phone 552,Cumb. Phone 361,Opp. Hotel Windsor, Paris.(Oct31-5t)TURKEY MARKET ON.The local turkey slaughteringseason is now on and hudreds of women and men are busily engaged atthe slaughtering pens of C. S. Brent&, Bro.. and Leon Renaker &. Co.,killing, picking and dressing thebirds for the Thanksgiving markets.The biras are being brought to market in large numbers in motortrucks and other conveyances. Mostnf the dressed nroduct will go tothe Eastern maikets. Thirty centsper pound on foot, delivered at thepens in Paris, is being paid, .said tobe the highest price ever paid here.: o"PARIS HIGH SCHOOL DEFEATSSTATE NORMAL.In the game of football on WrightField, near Paris, Friday afternoon,"between Paris High School and theState Normal School teams, the former team came out victorious overtheir opponents by the score of 40 to. The game was featured by a number of good plays by members ofboth teams. This was the last gameto be played on the home groundsby the local team. Games are beingarranged for several out-of-towndates.THE BEST INSURANCE.Insure your tobacco in thebarn against Fire and Windstorm withYERKES & PEED,Farmers & Traders Bank.(augl5-tf)-oTHE LATEST FIRST FROST.The first real frost of this fallcame last Tuesday night, November4, which is probably the latest everknown in this section for the firstfrost. Fifty years from now the oldinhabitants will be telling about theunusually late fall of 1919 when thefirst frost came on the night of theelection, November 4, and that onthat day many people were eatingtomatoes, late corn, beans and othervegetables frash from the garden.Of course this has no bearing onihe "frost" which nipped the budsof Democratic hopes on the night ofTuesday, November 4. That wasprobably a "Black frost."TLoWONDERFUL.Ir- and Mrs. Harry Luckhaus,of Norwood, Ohio, were recent guestsof Mrs. Lucretia Spratt, near Paris.Mrs. Stanhope Wiedemann hasreturned from a visit to her parents,Mr. and Mrs. J. D. Purcell, in Lexington. Mrs. Harry Barlow and Mrs.Herman Barlow left yesterday forDetroit, Mich, to visit relatives andfriends.Mrs. Willie Anderson Hart is apatient at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, where she is undertreatment.Somerset Commonwealth: "Dr.Robert G. Richardson has returnedfrom a short stay with friends inParis, Kentucky."Mr. and Mrs. Geo. C. Thompsonand Mr. Wm. H. McMillan will leaveto-morrow for St. Petersburg, Fla.,to spend the winter.Louis Grosche, of Paris, who isa patient at the Mayo Bros.' Hospital, in Rochester, Minn., is reported as improving.Charlton Clay and Miss MaryKenney Webber, of Paris, attendedthe dance given by the VersaillesDancing Club, in that city.Mrs. Swift Champ returned Saturday evening from Norton Infirmary, in Louisyille, where she hasbeen a patient for several weeks.The topic for discussion at themeeting of the North MiddletownWoman's Club, to be held at theClub rooms, Friday, will be "Parliamentary Drill."Mrs. Lon Graves gave an impromuptu dance at her home' on theHume and Bedford pike, near Paris,to a number of young people fromParis and Lexington.Richmond Register: "Mr. Wm,Bianton spent Friday in Paris. . . .Miss Nellie Rourke has returned toher home in Paiis, after a pleasantvisit to relatives here."Mr. and Mrs. Geo. C. Thompson,Jr., will arrive to-day from theirhome at Allensville, Alabama, tovisit relatives. They will attendthe Center-State University footballgame at Lexington, Wednesday.Everett Paton, conductor on theParis-Lexington interurban line,who has been quite ill at his home inParis for several weeks, is reportedconvalescing, and will soon be ableto resume his duties.Several women from the ParisBaptist church congregation are attending the meeting of the KentuckyGeneral Association of Baptists insession in Georgetown this week.The sessions are being held in theFirst Eaptist church in" George town.Mr, and Mrs. Robert G. Jones, ofNorth Middletown, gave a box partylast night at the Lexington OperaHouse, to see Fritzi Scheff, in "Glorianna." They entertained in honorof Thomas Fant Andrews, of California. The guests were Mr. Andrews, Mr. and Mrs. Walter Meng, ofnear North MiddletownDan Kennedy, Wallace Kiser,Albert Johnson and Lee Deaver returned Saturday from Saskatchewan,Canada, where they spent the springand summer on the wheat and flaxranche of E. F. Spears & Sons, ofParis. The party was snow-bounden route, and had to come by way ofDuluth, Wis. The snow was fromtwo to three feet deep.The regular weekly meeting ofthe Paris Literary Club will be heldto-morrow (Wednesday) afternoonat 2:30 o'clock, at the club rooms.The following program will be rendered: Readings from "Quo Vadis,"Miss Lockhart; I, II Peter, I, II, IIIJohn, Mrs. Thomas Henry Clay, Jr.,Review, "The Death in The Desert,"Mrs. Edward Prichard.The Progressive Culture Clubwill render the following program atits regular meeting, to-morrow afternoon: English Novels of the Nineteenth Century; Responses, FavoriteNovels of the Period; Thackery's"Vanity Fair," Mrs. George W.Stuart; Dickens' "David Copperfield," Mrs. Edward Tucker; "Elliott's "Mill On The Floss," MissWyatt.Lieut. Eugene V. Elder, stationed at Camp Vail, near Little Silver,NewT Jersey, writes his brother,Thos. Elder, in Paris, that he is nowin command of a detachment ofMorse operators, motorcycle corpsand Packard trucks, waiting for orders to proceed to Pennyslvania.The detachment has been organizedas a communication system ftfr thepurpose of reaching the strikingminers' territory in Pennsyvania.The Bourbon Art Club, Mrs.Catesby Woodford, president, heldits regular weekly meeting Saturday.afternoon at 2:30 o'clock, at thehome of Mrs. William Myall, whicnwill be the new Club home in thefuture. The following program wasrendered r The Renassance inSculpture (a) Michael Angelo,Miss Evans; (b) Bernini -Winkle-mann,Mrs. Biddle; (c) CanovaThorwalsden, Mrs. Lowry; GrecianMasterpieces, Miss' Ruth Orr; GaelicSculpture, Mrs. Harry Kerslake. ,sition-will result. in their removalfrom Bowling Green.' "The annual Thanksgiving Dancewill be promoted at the PhoenixHotel, In Lexington, by W. P. Walton, Jr.. on Wednesday evening, November 26. Handy's Orchestra, ofNew York City, formerly of Memphis, Tenn., will furnish the music.Mrs. Catherine Davis Craig, ofParis, was guest of honor at a luncheon-bridgegiven- in Cynthiana byMrs. Rodney S. Withers. . The guestprize, a hand-made handkerchief,was awarded to Mrs. Craig. Theprize for the highest score wasawarded to Mrs. Wallace Embry.(Other Personals on Page 3.)RELIGIOUS.Miss Lola Conner, InternationalSecretary for Mission Circles, andMrs. W. C. Stanley, State Secretary,will meet the members of the Circleand the Triangle Club of the Christian church, in the church parlorsat seven o'clock, next Friday nightThe members of the North Middletown and Little Rock Circles havealso been invited to attend. At thesame time and place Mrs. L. L.Campbell will address the membersof the C. W. B. M.4BIRTHS.In this city, to the wife ofClyde Richards, a daughter, christened Emily Jane Richards. Mrs.Richards was formerly Miss Elizabeth Liter, of near Clintonville.For SaleStore room at Paris; in best business location; used for the past 18years as shoe and general merchandisebusiness. Also 5 rooms on second floor. Inquire ofH. SCHANKER,(ll-3t) Erlanger, Ky.LostOn the Paris and Georgetown pike,early Saturday afternoon, a leathersuit case, containing a quantity ofwoman's and child's wearing apparel. Reward for its return toMRS. MAGGIE R. McCLINTOCK,804 Main Street, Paris, Ky.(ll-2t-pd)Help WantedGood woman wanted as a companion and help for elderly womanand make home with her. Apply toMRS. J. H. MARTIN,(11-lt) Cumberland Phone 230.Truck Driver Wanted.Truch driver wanted, one who cantake care of machine and overhaul ifnecessary. Must be capable andcome well recommended. Apply atonce, to undersigned.E. M. WHEELER FURNITURE CO.,(11-tf) Robneel Bldg.Expert Piano TunerHave your piano and player-pianotuned and adjusted by a reliablefactory-experienced tuner and repairer. JOHN B. GEISCumberland Phone 578, 618 MainStreet. With the J. H. Templeman Piano Co., Lexington.(ll-2t)THE FAIRWait! Wait!We have left over fron last seasona lot of men's overcoats, which weoffer to the public at the old price,? 20, $25 and $30, actually worth$40. $50 and $60. These coats arestrictly all-wool and made by thebest clothing manufacturers in thecounty, most of them being made byAdler, and on the basis of presentcosts we would be compelled to askdouble the price we are asking.However, it has always been ourpolicy to sell our goods on the basisof which we bought them. Thesecoats are all in plain models and"very suitable for the older men.P. S. For those preferring thenewest and latest styles, we have avery complete stock of this season'scvercoats in waist seam models,belted tacks and "belts all around.Miss Helen Hutchcraft left yesterday for New York City, wherewhere she will be engaged for sixweeks as one of the officials in theForeign Student Department at theNational Headquarters of the YoungWomen's Christian Association.From New York she will go to Desmvutipr Tnwa. where she will be arepresentative from Kentucky at theStudent Volunteer Convention, to beheld December 31 to January 4.This honor was bestowed on her byHamilton College, of Lexington.Stanford Interior - Journal:"The Bowling Green Times-Journalsays that George Kiser, formerly ofParis and Winchester, who marriedMiss Anna Warren, of this city, hasinc;t received a handsome promotionand large increase of salary. He hashPPn made credit man. of the big firmof Frick-Lindsay Co., and will move.to Louisville and mane tnat city nisfcondniiarters. The paper aaas:.'During their UUy here, he and hte- 'm. !.'-.-. Ae mnnv friends whniWilt: -Have -mewj. j -. .A Wonderful Line of Toys Ready forYour Inspection Monday Next.FOR SATURDAY ONLY.Every article here is a bargain,every price a special price, and wehave hundreds of other items allmarked in plain figures at such ridiculously low prices to make themmove, so as to make room for one ofthe largest and well assorted line oftoys and Holiday Goods ever beforeshown.Roman Silk Strips Window Shades,36-inch wide, each 98cSteri Foam, cleans toilet bowTls,keeps them spotless, odorless andsanitary, regular price withbrush, 35c, special withbrush 19cRed Industrial Sun-Prooi BuildingPaint, for House or Barn, regularprice $3.50 per gallon, special. 19cStone China' White Cups only, nosaucers, each 5oor 3 for 10cRag Dolls, each 12cFire Shovels, long handle . . . .'15cBlue and White Pie Pans . . . . 10c(It) ' , J. W. DAVIS & CO. wni regretvto learn that the new po?JIT HE FAIR' tWonderfulSaleJ-VSSample Coats and SuitsBy taking quick advantage of an unusual buying opportunity we have been able to secure a wonderful collectionof Sample Coats and Suits, which we are offering to ourpatrons at the closest possible prices. We invite yourinspection, feeling sure you will be delighted with thesemodels.Elegant materials made up in the latest fashions somefur trimmed, others plain tailored all beautifully lined.Silvertone, Peach Bloom, Velour, Tinseltone, Cameleon.50 to$$200National Blouse WeekNovember 10-15Whatever you may choose from this complete and lovelycollection of blouses you may feel assured it is quite correctin style and color.The Blouse and Overblouse are equally favored and youwill find charming models in Georgette, Silk and Crepe deChine; high or round necks.See Our WindowsHARRY SIMON224 W. Main St.Lexington, Ky.Main StreetParis, Ky.ake ourfl3Yorew h h 'K n iyjur1'A-Mr. and Mrs. HomelcVer:This is an invitation to every man and womanto come into our store and see our naw Furnitureand Rugs.It is not necessary for you to buy. We justwant to-show you our HIGH QUALITY furnitureand the LOW PRICE We ask for it.We know that eVey one needs some new furniture, and We are sure you will be better able tomake up your mind what you need right in ourstore." Gome in. We will-welcome you.a ''"THE J. T. HINTON CO.EITHERPHONE 36PARIS, KENTUCKYSIXTH AND MAINMotor Hearse Motor Invalid Coach Undertaking-SBu.- .s&?. :&4 l-T"--'-i.vu-H-yi-A"i-?I -, .T "Jr ... S-(- 45 i--T -:jr--SMSrif7-.?-t- -v.-," 1"A.TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1919ZAGIftXTHE BOUBBOH HEWS, PAWS, XXMTSCTt. tn-- "" j T vt5TPrepare Now ForINFLUENZAiRenew Your Vitalitywith Pepsinol before theSecond Epidemic ComesBUILD up your vitality to withstand Influenza. Medical experts agree that another epidemic is coming:.No one knows whom or when it will strike. Itshavoc is greatest among those whose vitality is low, whosepowers of resistance are weakened by neglect of theirhealth. If you would protect yourself, shield your family from this terrible disease, there is nothing better thanPepsinol, the restorative" tonic, strength builder and general conditioner.German bullets and shells killed many thousands ofAmerican boys at Chateau Thierry, at Belleau Wood, onthe Hindenburg Line and in the Argonne Forest, but ourlosses in the war were infinitesimal as compared with thelosses inflicted by Influenza at home. Whole familieswere destroyed by the plague in a few days. " The deathrate was the highest ever known in this country.,The second epidemic may be still worse. Physicians declare it's near at hand. Now is the time for you to prepare yourself, to build up your strength, refresh and invigorate your nerves. As you know, the weak are particularly liable to attack by Influenza.Provide for your safety with Pepsinol. It strengthensyou. builds up your power of resistance to disease. Don'tlet impure blood, worn-out nerves, weak tissues make youa victim of the dreaded Influenza. Pepsinol makes theentire constitution vigorous and robust, strengthens everyvital organ whose weakness invites disease.In the city of Washington, the National Capital, therewere 2,294 deaths from Influenza alone during the periodfrom September 14, 1918, to March 1, 1919. Many thousands more were stricken, but recovered. A large percentage of the convalescents, however, were so weakenedthat they fell easy victims to other diseases, such as lungor heart trouble and similar ailments. In country districts the death rate was exceedingly high.If you are run down, all tired out, suffer from dyspepsiaor indigestion, are nervous and sickly, sleep badly andfitfully, Pepsinol is what you need to bring you back toa normal condition of health and to give you the sturdiness, strength and vitality that must be had to assurecomplete recovery from Influenza or to ward it off.Genuine Pepsinol, compounded in strict accordance withthe standards of the U. S. Pharmacopoeia and made onlyby The Peplax Medicine Company, Memphis, Tenn., isrecommended by physicians and specialists to strengthen.weakened constitutions before and after sickness. Ifyou are sickly, you will be astonished by the quicknesswith which Pepsinol restores you to health. You may getit from the authorized Pepsinol agent in your locality.Th Strength-Building TonicGet Pptmol fro:People's Pharmacy, Main St., Paris, Ky.DATE CHANGED FOR WELFARELEAGUE MEETING.The date of the meeting of theKentucky Welfare League, hasbeen changed to November 20 to 21inclusive. The change in dateswas necessitated by the fact rhatthe Ohio State Conference of PublicWelfare will meet in Cincinnati,November 18 to 20. The Kentuckyconference will be held in Louisville.At the general session of the Najtional Consumer's League, of whiciNewton D. Baker, Secretaiy of War,Is chairman, George WeissingerSmith, Mayor of Louisville, willmake the welcoming address.McHenry Rhodes, State SupervisorINTERUBBAN SCHEDULECARS LEAVELcxineton ForParisJL M. 6.00xA. M. 7:20A. M. 8:50A. M. 10:20UL M. 11.50P. M. 1:20P. M. 2:50P. M. 4:20P. M. 6:00P. M. 7:20P. M. 9:10P. M. 11:00Paris ForLexingtonA. M. 6:45A. M. 7:15xA. M. 8:15A. M. 9:45A. M. 11:15P. M. 12:45P. M. 2:15P. M. 3:45P. M. 5:15P. M. 6:50P. M. 8:15P. M. 10:05(x) Daily except Sunday.KENTUCKY TRACTION AND TER-MINAL COMPANYcmSouthern Optical Co. fIncorporated 2Manufacturers of Perfect-FittingSPECTACLES ANDEYE GLASSESKryptoks Artificial EyeInvisible Bifocal Lena4h & Chestnut -St,LOUISVILLE, KY.MM iof High Schools, is chairman of theDepartment on Education. Dr. FrankL. McVey, president of the University of Kentucky, will make an address on "Education for Reconstruction," and Mrs. Cora Wilson 'Stewart, chairman of the Kentuckylilliteracy Commission, will tell ofHie "Illiteracy Campaign."YOUR GOLD EASEDAFTER FIRST DOSEf PRESIDENT -WHflON- ISSUES-THANKSGIVmG PROCLAMATION. WASHINGTON, Nov. 10. Presdent Wilson set aside Thursday,November 27 as Thanksgiving Dayin a proclamation which said thecountry looked forward with confidence to the dawn of an era wherethe sacrifices 0f the nations willfind recompense in a world at peace.The proclamation follows:A Proclamation."By the President of the UnitedStates of America:"The season of the year has againarrived from which the people of theUnited States are accustomed tounite in giving thanks to AlmightyGod for the blessings which he hasconferred upon our country duringthe twelve months that have ypassed.A year ago our people poured outtheir hearts in praise and thanksgiving that through divine aid the fieht.i-was victorious and peace had cometo the nations which had so courageously struggled in defense of humanliberty and justice. Now that thestern task is ended and the fruits ofachievement are ours we look forward with confidence to the dawn ofan era where the sacrifices of thenations will find recompense in aworld at peace."But to attain the consummationof the great work to which the American people devoted their manhoodand J:he vast resources of their conn-try they should, as they give thanksto (aod, reconsecrate themselves tothose principles of right whichtriumphed through his merciful goodness. Our Gratitude can find nomore perfect expression than to bulwark with loyalty and patriotismthose principles for which the freepeoples of the earth fought and died."During the past year we havemuch to make us grateful in spite ofthe confusion in our economic liferesulting from the war we have prosnered. Our harvests have been -nlen-tiful and of our abundance we havebeen able to render succor to .lessfavored nations. Our democracy remains unshaken in a world torn withpolitical and social unrest. Our traditional ideals are still our guides inthe path o progress and civilization."These great blessings vouchsafedto us, for which we devoutly givethanks, should arouse us to a fullersense of our duty to ourselves and tomankind to see to it that nothing wemay do shall mar the completenessof the victory which we helped towin. No selfish nurnose animatedus in becoming1 narticinants in theworld war. and with a like snirit. nfunselfishness we should strive to aidby our example and by our co-operationin realizing the enduring welfare of all peoples and in bringinginto being a world ruled by friendship and good will."therefore, I, Woodrow Wilson,President of the United States ofAmerica, hereby designate Thursday,the 27th day of November next, forobservance as a day of thanksgivingand prayer by my fellow countrymen, inviting them to cease on thatday their ordinary tasks and to unitein their homes and in their severalplaces of worship and ascribing praiseand thanksgiving to God, the authorof all blessings and the master of ourdestinies."In witness whereof, I have hereunto set my hand and caused the sealof the United States to be affixed."Done in the District of Columbiathis fifth day of November, in theyear of our Lord, one thousand ninehundred and nineteen, and of the independence of the United States theone hundred and forty-fourth."(Signed.)WOODROW WILSON."(Seal.) By the President,"ROBERT LANSING. Sec. of State.'"Rape's Cold Compound"Breaks Up a Sold In aPew HoursThatRelief comes instantly. A dosetaken every two hours until threedoses are taken usually breaks up asevere cold and ends all the gripmisery.The very first dose opens up yourclogged-up nostrils and the air passages in the head, stops nose running, relieves the headache, dullness, feverishness, sneezing, soreness and stiffness.Don't stay stuffed-up! Quit blowing and snuffling! Clear your congested head! Nothing else in theworld gives such prompt relief as"Pape's Cold Compound," whichcosts only a few cents at any drugstore. It acts without assistance,tastes nice, contains no quiriine.Insist upon Pape's.(adv)oAsk Many QuestionAn assistant depot master at Paddlngton, London, took, by means of anumber-recording watch, a record ofthe number of questions asked by thepublic during a single week. The totalwas 2,188. Some of the questions wereextremely foolish.There is more Catarrh in this section of the country fhan all 'otherdiseases put together, and for yearsxu was, upposea to be incurable.Catarrh is a local disease, greatlyinfluenced by constitutional treatment. Hall's Catarrh Medicinemanufactured by F. J. Cheney &Co., Toledo, Ohio, is a constitutionalremedy, is taken in term 11 v nUirough. the blood on the mucoussurfaces of the system. One Hundred Dollars reward is offered forany case that Hall's Catarrh Medicine fails to cure. Send for circulars and testimonialsfc P. J. CHENEY & CO.,o ia v t-, . Toledo, Ohio.Sold by Druggists, 75c.Hall Family 'Pills for constipation..u njul. (ftdy-nov)o-CONSTIPATION.Most laxatives and cathartics afford only temporary relief andshould be used only for that purpose.When you want permanent relieftake Chamberlain's Tablets and becareful to observe the directionswith each package. These tabletsnot only move the bowels ,but improve the appetite and strengthenthe digestion.(adv-nov)0 .THE SALVATION CAMPAIGN GETSHEADWAY HERE.Rural Kentucky is boiling withSalvation Army enthusiasm andover the State generally the HomeService Fund campaign of ttfe Salvation Army is gathering headway.Strong campaign organizationshave been perfected in many counties, and are already briskly atwork. Central and Western 'Kentucky is most active at present, butit is the intention of the SalvationArmy to have campaigns eitherover or well under way all over theState by this time next month.The public throughout the nationis splendidly reorganizing theimportance of the Salvation Army in thisperiod of after war reconstruction." "That each county quota be raised is important," says Geo. R.Campbell, State Director, "becausethe Salvation Army does not askmore than it actually needs. It isnot trying to accumulate a great andidle fund. Every day it puts thedollars that are given it into a regeneration of humanity. It is making better citizens and happier families in all America ncities."MriCamels are sold everywhere in scientificallysealed packages of 20cigarettes or ten packages 200 cigarettes)in a glasaine-paper-coveredcarton. Westrongly recommendthis carton for thehome or office supplyor when you travel!R. J. Reynolds Tobacco C0.Winston-Salem, N. C.JiI Ilk LkifCAMELS are the most refreshing, satisfying cigarette youever smoked! Put all your cigarette desires in a bunch,then buy some Camels, give them every taste-test and knowfor your own satisfaction that in quality, flavor, smoothbody and in many other delightful ways Camels are in aclass by themselves!Camels are an expert blend of choice Turkish and choiceDomestic tobaccos. You'll -not only prefer this blend to eitherkind of tobacco smoked straight, but you'll appreciate theremarkable full-bodied-mildness and smooth, refreshingflavor it provides! x Camels are a cigarette revelation!Camels win you in so many new ways ! They not onlypermit 'you to smoke liberally without tiring yourtaste but leave no unpleasant cigaretty aftertaste or unpleasant cigaretty odor!Compare Camels with any cigarettein the world at any price! You'llprefer Camel quality to premiums,coupons or gifts!NEWSPRINT PAPER SHORTAGEMAY RAISE PRICESThe threatened shortage of printpaper and the high prices now prevailing are the subjects of the Congressional investigations now inprogress.One investigation, obtainedthrough the initiative of SenatorJames Reed, of Missouri, . will givespecial attention to prices of newsprint, and another was asked in aresolution introduced by SenatorJames Watson, of Indiana, authorizing the Secretary of Agriculture tomake a survey of the available woodpulp timber supply of the country.Further "increased subscriptionprices for newspapers may be one ofthe results of the paper shortage andthe increased price of news print.Publishers are now paying morethan twice as much, for paper as wasthe case before the war.oMUST ACHILDbePallor, "Tired-outness" and PoorAppetite Almost Always Remedied by Pepto-ManganIt Builds Up the Blood and Thusv Improves the Apnetite andStrengthens the Body1920NW in stock andready to demonstrate. New shipment just arrived.Better get yoursquick.JAMES WATSON SAYS, "I'LL NEVER FORGET WHEN FATHER'S HOGS GOTCHOLERA"One morning "he found 20 hogsdead and several sick. He called inthe Vet, who after dissecting a ratcaught on the premises, decided thatthe rodents had conveyed germs.Since then I am never without RATSNAP. It's the surest, quickest ratdestroyer I know." Three sizes, 25c,50c, $1.50. xSpJd and guaranteed byThe Farmers' Supply Co., Paris, Ky.... . , .. , (adv-nov)There is but one legitimate excusefor a pale, run-down, listless child,and that is some serious disease ofone or more of the vital organs,which, of course, needs the promptattention of a competent physician.Unless such condition exists, theweak, white youngster who takes nopleasure in romping or playing canbe very materially helped by a courseof that thoroughly dependable blopdenricher and general tonic. Glide'sPepto-Mangan. This standard remedy for Anemia (Bloodlessness) hasbeen continuously prescribed by physicians all over the world for nearlythirty years, to restore the weakened, watery blood to its normal condition, and thus improve appetite,aaa color to pale lips and cheeksand imnart strensrth tn thp whnlAbody. Gudes Pep'to-Maneran can behad in both liquid and tablet form(no difference in its effect), theliquid, of course, beins: Preferablefor young children. When buyingPepto-Mangan, be sure the name"Gude's" is on the package. Without Gude's" it is not Pepto-Mangan.(adV)oTli Not 80.A Chicago girl stole $2.60 from atradesman two years ago. Recently shereturned the $2.60 with $290 as interest Yet there are those who persistin believing, and declaring, that awoman has no conscience. Grit.Lot of first-classsecond hand carsfor sale at bargainsif moved at once.We need room fornew cars.Make Date forDemonstrationC. S. BALL GARAGECor. Fourth and Pleasant Stc--Talkinar about what vrm n-o oving to do" may be "pleasant occupa-Juvu, uui ib geis noinmg done."DR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Note and Throat. ROOMS 403-404HEST NAT'L BANK BUILDING"PHONE 136Persistency i& the one rule, which,when applied to successful- at&tM.manship, hasn't any exceptions.CAHAL BROS.BABBER SHOPPrompt and Courteous Attention toPatrois.' . 2Bsk-$Mb COLDIBATHSe-Vc.Am s- i- ? sr--jVvicTUESDAY, NOVEMBER fl, 3 9 19THS BOUBBOH HEWS, PA1XS, BEHTTfCKT"4 'Mt,"yiTtinf 124 -&-41r4.iUsePbwderedWwi GrandmaComM A JWrfP3D pw -am HI .ma n - lfr,s--r u.. I tfin rourwasniiMf Mxh ne rrD. - --- Xfe-jf JMuttFly."PaaarBaMaaTaaaaaapaaaTaMVBa Jifjfy I """ij f I filoHHaaaaaaary"k i -SBCcfc!'' YX &' cv 'VSCaBBBBaBBKHIOy 'i I ' ! I I i H flJcvQSCaaaTalawEaWawYT Frf vfipKpCTSHfflWSSwBKfA i v x. pifiii imr s i n i jjiji'Hf'i'HRKaaaTaiGOV.BLACK OWES HIS ELEC-HON VIEWS iBuy a package of Grandma's PowderedSoap from your grocer today. Such tremendous white cleansing suds! You'll say younever saw their equal. After the first timeyou'll use powdered soap always.Bar soap and washing powder are unnecessary when you use Grandma's PowderedSoap the finest bar soap made into a powder. It takes the place of both bar soap andwashing powder. A tablespoonful to a pailof water is all that is necessary. The clotheicome out so clean so white so sweet.Try this new way of washing now. Nowaste. It goes further. Cheaper to use.2?22 a package from theGrocer today!IT yfM)y TaaaaY"aalPJNi0nMKl JBbbb.ItWEoMESJaaaiiEaMBaH9SrandmasPowdered SOAP-'.TrtjThis Powdered Soap Today"Ybxcr Grocer Has 14!The GJobt Soap Company, Cincinnati6Kf i2yEIGHTH DISTRICT STANDS WELLThe Eighth Federal Reserve District, that made so splendid a showing in all of the Liberty Loan cam-HOLDERS GAIN THE MOSTCarter Glass, Secretary of theTreasury, in a recent announcementat Washington made a statementpaigns, and that was the first overhas become interested in the Unitedthe top in the Third, Fourth andVictory Loans, is making a splendidshowing in the campaign for thesale of War Savings Stamps andTreasury Savings Certificates. "Withsales all over the United States totaling $6,111,944.78, the EighthDistrict, now comprising the Statesof Kentucky, Arkansas and Missourireached $657,381.07, which givestiiis district a splendidamong the districts.standingStates Thrift campaign. Mr. Glassstates that Thrift Stamps, War Savings Stamps and Treasury SavingsCertificates will be issued by theGovernment indefinitely. Thus thesavers who continue will in a fewyears have a steady annual incomelas the securities mature on January1 of each year. Of course only thereal savers, those who hold untiljnatuiity, will reap the full benefits.DEMAND FOR RABBIT SKINS.THIS MEANS YOTT.When you get up with a bad tastein your mouth, a dull, tired feeling,no relish for food and are constipated, you may know that you need adose of Chamberlain's Tablets. Theynot only cause an agreeable movement of the bowels, but cleanse andinvigorate the stomach and improvethe digestion.(adv-nov)Goetha Memorial at Weimar.The genius of Goethe and Schillercharacterize Weimar in many formsof civic beauty. Goethe, some yearsbefore his death, laid out a large public park In the form of a garden andwithout an enclosure of any kind,There a quaint relic of its originatorremains in the stone altar round whicha serpent climbs to eat the votlvbread. Upon the altar Is an inscription to the "genius hujas loci."A MAN AND HIS WIFEIn recent years several kinds offur, formerly of so little value asto offer no inducement to the trapper, have been raised in price, andconsequently, collecting them hasbeen made profitable. Rabbit pelts,which are extensively used by hatmakers, are among these products.One Easter concern has announcedthat it will need 10,000,000 rabbitskins during 1919 and 1920, andit desires xis far as possible to secure them from American sources.This is an indication of a marketwhich should interest many a farmer boy. This fall and winter dried,cased rabbit skins will probablybring a . reasonably good return.They are sold by the pound, whichwill contain seven or eight skins.Many farm boys can readily acquirein the course of the winter, largenumbers of skins which will netthem a tidy sum and, in addition,they will have the pleasure of trapping experience. The United StatesDepartment of Agriculture will supply any inquirer with the namesand addresses of possible purchaser of rabbit skins and other pelts.o : ,MR. P. LaDUKE, FARMER, SAYS,"YOU BET RATS CAN BITE- THROUGH METAL ? -"To the people of Kentucky:" The result of the election Tuesday is not a surprise to me. Thereare a few to whom I, at differenttimes during the last past few weeks,gave in 'confidence, expression of myapprehension. But I wish all to knowI make no complaint."The chief regret T have in beingdenied election to the governship, isthat I am deprived of the opportunity to set on foot and carry out a Iprogram which would have set Kentucky forward toward high achievement. Such a program, I had carefully and deliberately formed in myown mind, and to its accomplishment,I intended to devote the best powersof my being."The result of the election is due,in large measure as I see the situation, to these:"Firsts The wet centers of theState voted against me because I am,and have been opposed to the manufacture and sale of intoxicatingj liquors for beverage purposes."The saloonkeeper and his patronwere against me because of my wellknown position on that question.Second, the pro-German was againstme because of his hatred of the(President and his opposition to thePresident's policies, while I am andhave been a sincere advocate of saidpolicies. My advocacy of said policies impelled me to espouse the effortto" ratify the Peace .Treaty andLeague of Nations. I, therefore, didnot hesitate to announce my positionon that matter. Third, there hasbeen a wide-spread belief that I, onassuming fthe duties of the governorship last May, should have removedfrom office some of the appointeesof Governor Stanley. Many of myfriends even clamored for suchaction."But, as to that, I am at rest withmy conscience, for I would not violate either the law of my State ormy oath of office. Under the law, Ihad no right to remove any one except only for legal cause and thatcause must be shown by provableevidence. I have tried my best during the campaign to make that plainto the people of the State. I couldnot see my way clear to act otherwise than I have acted. Had I otherwise acted I would have lost some ofmy self-respect and my friends, whomight have carefully considered thematter from a legal standpoint,would have lost more or less of theirconfidence in my integrity and therectitude of my conduct."Fourth, the Armstrong affairon the eve of the election to do mean injury unjustly."Then the action of the Presidentwith reference to the coal miners'strike, whether that action wasproper or improper, and the effortsof some individuals unfriendly to meto cause -the striking miners to believe I was their enemy, resulted incausing thousands to vote against me.These efforts were made too soonbefore the election to allowtime forme to remove the unjust and unfairimputation."Summing up the whole situationbriefly, it may be said that almostevery voter who, imagined he hadbeen wronged .by some action of theFederal or State government, charged that wrong to the Democraticparty, and the Democratic ticket became the sufferer."Finally, let me say, I am not anenemy of any laboring man or womenor any person engaged in any legitimate enterprise." If I have enemies, they may rejoice over the result of the election.But to my friends I would give assurance that I appreciate their efforts in my behalf."TITE UNIVERSAL CARinThe simplicity of the Ford car, its stabilityconstruction, the famous heat treatedVanadium steel with its marvelous strengthand flexibility, the low cost of operation andmaintenance, its ease in operation, all Iiavemade the Ford car the great favorite in everyland in the world. It's the one car that alwayssatisfies and serves. A utility beyond questionthat all can afford. We' will be pleased to haveyour order. Doivt delay because the demandis heavy all the time. We have almost everything in motor car accessories, sell thegenuine Ford Parts, and assure the best inmechanical repair work.RUGGLES MOTOR CO.Bank Row, Paris, Ky.JSC CJ.-flmIXIIXIXIXIXRXIBourbon Laundry!DAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4West Fifh StreetiXtISATISFACTION!OUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improvements in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we are.prepared to do work inferior to none, and solicityour patronage.IixIXIX1The Bourbon LaundryParis, Kentuckyiis3a;;i.ip,i."a.il'-jssgjygyWORK THAT TELLSPlenty of It Has Been Done RightHere In Paris.mmmtm -Civmay both derive saisf actionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings us.LEVY, THE DRYCumberland Phone 40CLEANERHome Phone 169WOOD, STUBBS & COMPANY7 CUMULATIVE. PREFERRED STOCKnixrl as to auet and dividends. Annual Sinking Fund W10 of net earnings will be used to purchase Preferred Stock at not owU0 and accrued dlTidend.Ket earnings for past three years hare averaged over four time dividendrequirements on this stock. . -. . j i .Net quick assets equal $131 per share ou all Preferred Stock, and total netMeets aqual $259 per share.PRICE lOO. Special Circular on Requas.JAMES C. WILLSON & CO.210 S. Fifth Street, IUISVILl-E, KY."I had feed bins lined with zinClast year, rats got through prettysoon'. Was out $18. A ?1 packageof RAT-SNAP killed so many ratsthat I've never been without itsince. Our Collie dog never touchedRAT-SNAP." You try it. Threesizes, 25c, 50c, $1.00. Sold andguaranteed by The Farmers' SupplyCo., Paris, Ky.(adv-nov)o"Out of the Mouths of Babes."Willie, to talkative caller "Well,now that you've come. 1 suppose I shallhave to go-for the doctor." TalkativeCaller "Why, Willie?" Willie "Father says you always make him ill J"AGOOD COUGH MEDICINECHILDREN.FORMrs. J. W. Phillips, Redon, Ga.,phoned to J. M. Floyd, the merchantthere, for a bottle of Chamberlain'sCough Remedy and said she hadbought a bottle of it at his store recently and that it was doing herchildren so much good that shewanted to keep up the treatment.You will find nothing better forcoughs and colds in children or foryourself." It keeps the cough loose,expectoration easy and soon freesthe system from the cold.(adv-nov)0Men do not always smile in adversity. They .more often wear aserious look, and it is, in advefsity,To thoroughly know the virtues ofa medicine you must investigate itswork. Doan's Kidney Pills standthis test, and plenty of proof existsright here in Paris. People who testified years ago to relief from backache, kidney and urinary disorders,now give confirmed testimony declare the results have lasted. Howcan any Paris sufferer longer doubtthe evidence.Mrs. J. T. Martin, 1024 Mainstreet, Paris, says: "Kidney troublecame on from a fall and the resultswere very severe, causing me moresuffering than the fall itself. No onecan ever know what I went throughat that time, for I suffesred awfully.My back ached and pained until. Ithought it would break in two. Sharptwinges shot through my kidneysand if anyone had hit me in theback with a heavy axe it could nothave hurt worse. In one week afterusing Doan's Kidney Pills, I felt likea different woman, for they fixed meup in fine shape." (Statement givenFebruary 17, 1908.)On November 9, 1916, Mrs. Martin said: "Doan's Kidney Pills havemade a cure for me and it has beenpermanent."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same-thatMrs. Martin had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)oDependability.The ability to be dependable gathers up all the flowers of virtue in thehuman soul and brings their essenceinto dally use. It turns the watchdo? into a spiritual companion, andpnints the most humble heart withlines of beauty. 'Coal Coal CoalHave You Talked WithCOLLIER BROSAbout Your Winter Coal?Office Opposite Paris TobaccoWarehouseCumberland Phont 997Homt Phone 257MMmart.u:-n -2Ziil4iJMlllltMMtHMfHtlHMIHtMIIMtMtttllHIMIA RAT THAT DIDN'T SMELL AFTER BEING DEAD POR3 MONTHS."I swear it was dead at least 3months," said James Sykes, butcher,Westfield, N. J. "We saw that ratevery day. Put a cake of RATSNAP behind a barrel. Monthslater my wife asked me about therat. Remembered the barrel, looked behind it. There was the ratdead; not the slightest odor." Three.sizes,. 25c, 50c, $1.00. Sold andguaranteed by The Farmers SupplylCo., Paris, Ky.(adv-nov)aanufiiSfiflrTffftfTaa m-nn rftThe J- T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMMRSParis Kv.Mainand SixthStreetsDay phone 36Nlsht : . . 56or Home 386Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.1.aaaaaaaaaaaaaaSflSa98KHKMBiSHlBav:?MlllMIMHIII'llfiHHittlM'HlMMHHn 'Send That Next Job of Printing to TheBourbon N6ws. Best Work; Right Prices-:', sr'nvot.ysthat we form our finest friendships. .-TT'E' ' "&,-. .- r.j- --H., I"- r k 3 V'Zn-,--f.. wFAGI EIGHTTHE BOUBBOH HEWS; PARIS, KEHTTJCKYTUESDAY, NOVEMBERS!, 919tI1;MILLERSBURGVliss Laura C. Jefferson is quite'-ill:Mrs. Bayles DeBell, of Ewing,arrived Friday as the guest of herdaughter, Mrs. R. M. Caldwell.Mr. J. C. Cumber has sold hisbarber shop to Mr. William Fulton,"of Carlisle. Mr. Fulton took posses'sion Saturday.The turkey slaughtering seasonopened here last Thursday. Quite a, number of the birds have alreadybeen slaughtered.Miss Nannie Clarke, supervisorof the Bourbon county schools, entertained Mrs. Mary Boston, MissHazel Kerr, Miss Bell and Miss Mildred Bruce, teachers in the Millersburg Public School, at dinner Saturday. Dr. Henry Lawrence South wick,of the Emerson College of Oratory,Boston, Mass., will give a Shakespearian lecture-recital in the Millersburg College auditorium Thursday evening, November 13, at 7:30o'clock. Admission, 35 cents.The ladies of the Methodistchurch gave a banquet Friday evening to the male members of thechurch, which was well attended.The banquet board was laden withall of the good things of the market.Several short addresses were delivered; interspersed with a program ofgood music.Mr. J. H. Barnes sold somedaysago his farm on the Ruddles Millspike, one-half mile north of Millersburg, recently purchased from Mr.G. W. Bramblette, to D. E. Clarke,O. E. Hurst and Oillie Hurst, the latter of Lexington, for $20,000. Mr.Barnes realized about $3,000 profiton. his investment.The following program will berendered at the meeting of the Millersburg Twentieth Century Club, tobe held in their club rooms nextSaturday afternoon: Roll Call; Political Notes, Libraries and Moonlight Schools, Miss Clark; Music,Mrs. Ball; Our Capital, Miss McClintock; Kentucky EducationalInstitutions, Miss Elizabeth Miller;Mrs. Best, Hostess.Mr. James Batterton, of NewYork, and Mrs. Jennie Lyle, of Lou-J-viile,sold their lot held by them3 ntly, some days ago, to Mr. O. R.Rr-nkin, for $3,500. The lot is onMain street, and was formerly occupied by the grocery store of Mr.Rufus Butler, which was destroyedby fire more than a year ago. Thisproperty was deeded to them by theiraunt, Mrs. Sue V. Sandusky, sometime ago. The lot extends fromMain, street to Trigg avenue. Mr.Rankin will erect a handsome building on it next spring.ot :DEATHS.ROGERS.Mayor James C. Rogers died at2:30 o'clock Sunday morning at hishome in Lexington, following an illness of several months from a nervous breakdown. 'Mr. Rogers vas born in Lexington, February 1, 1860, the son ofJohn and Ann McAllisLer Rogers,and he 'spent his entire life there.His father was u clothing merchantfor many years and later went intothe coal business.Mr. Rogers was elected to theoffice of Sheriff of Fayette county inAugust, 1886, assuming his duties inJanuary of the following year. Hewas re-elected in 1889, his term expiring with the year 1890. Underthe old Constitution of Kentuckythe Sheriff was elected every twoyears instead of every four as now.After "leaving the Sheriff's officeALAMOAFTERNOON, 2:00-5:30GRANDEVENING, 7:00-10:30t. ADMISSIONAdults 18c, war tax 2c 20cChildren and Gallery9c plus lc war tax -10ciiToday, TuesdayWm Fox PresentsAlbert Raywith Elinor FairINLove is LoveMANTONIO MORENO ANDCAROL HOLLOWAY in'Perils of Thunder Mountain'and Harold Lloyd Comedy"BE MY WIFE"Tomorrow, WednesdaySamuel Goldwyn PresentsMadge KenneyIN"STRICTLYCONFIDENTIAL"A play that covers the wholerange of society and it's all aboutMadge Kennedy's "sisters andcousins aunts."Also Big V Comedy"Vamps and Variety"And Bray PictographAlamo Afternoon and NightThursday, Nov. 13thOlive ThomasIN"The Spite Bride"A drama of youthful impulsefull of tears, smiles and love ofadventure.Also Vod-a-VH Moviesand Pafche Review.friends and relatives saw there wasno hopes for him. He went "West inhopes of regaining his shatteredhealth, but receiving no benefit, re-Mr. Rogers went to work as assist- I fued " ome of his parents,' BAKERY CHANGES OWNERS.Another change in ownership hastaken place in the bakery formerlyconducted by the Wilmoth GroceryCo., who sold out their business toSheehaii & Co., of Georgetown. Mr.Sheehan has disposed of his interestsand good. will in the concern, to thefirm of Glass & Murphy, of Georgetown. The new firm has takencharge, and will continue to conductthe business at the old stand. Bothare excellent business men, and willbe welcome additions to the businesslife of Paris.oHOUSING PROBLEM SERIOUS.Inquiries are made at THE NEWSoffice very frequently, "Can you tellme where I can find one or two" rooms for 'rent," or "Do you knowof a house for rent." This presents- the fact that the housing problemhas assumed a serious phase in.Paris.It has become almost impossibleto secure a dwelling house of anydescription and almost equally impossible to get living rooms. Thestorage warehouses in Paris are filled to the limit with householdgoods, placed there because of theinability of the owners to rent ahome. There is great need of alarge number of small cottages here.for renters.oAPPLE TREE BLOOMS IN WINTERTIME.ant cashier in the Central Bank,where he remained during the years1891 and 1892. The fall of 1892found Mr. Rogers again in politicallife and he was elected Clerk of theFayette Circuit Court, which officehe held four consecutive terms.His last term expired in 1915 andin January of the next year he became Lexington's Mayor.Mr. Rogers was a member of Bluegrass Council No. 762, Knights ofColumbus, and had served as GrandKnight of the local council and district deputy and State deputy. Hobelonged to the St. Peter's Catholicchurch, of which he was a trustee.The funeral will be held at St.Peter's Catholic Church, in Lexington, this (Tuesday) morningr at ten"o'clock, with requiem mass conducted by Rev. Father Wnx. Punch, assisted by Rev. Father H. B. Schulte,of Richmond, Rev. Father DecianCarroll, of Cynthiana and Rev. Father A. Freiberg, of Lexington. Theburial a ill follow on the family lotin the Lexington Cemetery. Thepall-bearers will be Stafford McKenna, James McKenna, Harry B. Miller, John Hanley, Thomas P. Hanley,Thomas Donlan, James C. Stewartand John Heafey."Apple Blossom time in Normandy"" could not very well be applied tov "pumpkin-raising time in Bourbon,"yet apple blossoms are in evidenceon f. Bourbon county tree. A bigtree in an orchard on J. T. Caywood's place near North Middletownhas created considerable interestfrom the fact that it is bearing anew covering of .beautiful blossoms,just like the spring time brings. Thesame tree had blossoms on itthis time several years ago. Thetree lias been a remarkably goodproducer, yielding yearly a largecrop of luscious apples.Other localities report instances offruit trees being in bloom, an un-. 'usual occurrence for this time ofyear. The Maysville Bulletin hasthe following:"Mr, A. L. Glascock brought tothe Bulletin office a small branchfrom one of the pear trees on hisplace near this city, which is in fullbloom, a most unusual thing for thistime of the year. The twig that wehave on our desk at this writing hasclusters of well-opened blossomsand small, tender new leaves just.putting out. Mr. Glasscock tells usthat, the entire large tree is white"with bloom."JAMES.Following a short illne&s due toa complication of diseases, Mrs. AnnaRedmon James, aged sixty-seven,'wife of Mr. Harry O. James, died ather home on Pleasant street, in thiscity, at 9:30 o'clock, Sunday night.Mrs. James had been ill for severaldays of uraemic poisoning, fromwhich other complications arose, resulting in her death.Mrs. James was a daughter of thelate Mr. and Mrs. Charles Redmon,who resided on their farm on theRuddles Mills pike, near Paris. Shewas married to Mr. James aboutforty-six 3rears ago. Fiom this union one son, Charles James, wasborn, he dying in this city a fewyears ago, the idolized son of lovingparents, to whom his death was ashock from which they never fullyrecovered. Mrs. James was a woman of broad and deep sympathies,one whose disposition was of thevery friendliest, and to whom friendswere an ever-present delight. Shewas a devoted member of the Christian church, and was always in herplace at the services. She took thegreatest pleasure in doing good, andher home was always open to herfriends. In all walks of life she wassincere and true.She is survived besides her hus-"band, by one sister, Mrs. StellaRedmon Whaley, of Chattanooga,Tenn., and one brother, Castle Redmon, of near Paris.The funeral will be held at thefamily residence on Pleasant street,at 2-30 o'clock, this (Tuesday) afternoon, with services conducted byRev. "W. E. Ellis, pastor of the Christian church. The burial will followin the Paris Cemetery. The pallbearers will be: George W. Redmon,Jos. Redmon, Sol Redmon, GeorgeK. Redmon, Charles N. Fithian, Tollie Young, A. E. Turney, James M.O'Brien, Charles A. McMillan andCarl Williams.m Carthage. A few weeks ago heexpressed a desire to be brought tothe home of his sister, Mrs. JulianHowe, in this city. He was broughthere by his father-in-law, Geo. R.Davis. Despite all that could bedone by medical science he sankgradually until death came Friday.He was married about twelveyears ago to Miss Helen Davis,daughter of George R. Davis, of thiscity, who, with two children, onedaughter, Miss Eleanor Swearengen,and one son, George Davis Swearengen, survive him; also his parents,Mr. and Mrs. W. G. Swearengen, ofCarthage, Ohio; two sisters, Mrs.Julian Howe, of this city, and Mrs.Douglas Armstrong, of Ghicago, and !one brother, Earl Swearengen, ofParis. vThe funeral was held Sunday -afternoon at 2:30 o'clock, with services conducted at the grave in the ,Paris Cemetery, by Rev. Frank J.Cheek, of Danville. The pall-bear-erswere: Clay Sutherland, White 'Varden, William Cooper, Louis 'Taylor, William Taylor and CharlesW. Fithian.I One f 1 r ff THURSDAYSB? Grand Upera House inov. 13I Here itRoadsis! The Bi seres t Jov Cartoon Show on theA Gaflooade of Mirth. Music and Motion!A Concoction of Flashing Eyes and Rainbow Gossamer!REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSAuctioneer George D. Speakesconducted the public sale Saturdayof a faim of fifty-five acres belonging to Mrs. John Mansfield, nearDonerail, in Scott county. The farmwas sub-divided and "sold in fivetracts, bringing an average of $525,50 an acre. The sale was made forFord & Wood, real estate agents 'ofGeorgetown, and was advertised inTHE BOURBON NEWS.D. E. Clarke and C. C. Chanslorpurchased the land'near Miilersburg,known as the Bob Miller farm, fromWm. Barnes, of Harrison county,which he recently purchased fromG. W. Bramblette. The tract cbntained sixty-four acres, and brought$20,000. Oscar Rankin purchaseda cornei- lot in Miilersburg belongingto Mrs. Sue Sandusky, which hadbeen vacant since the fire which destroyed the Sandusky building sometime ago.o" f , I I H m i 1 M II I kj lMUSICALCOMEDYARTISTS30TAKEN FROM THE FAMOUS CARTOONNOW CURRENT IN ALL THELEADING NEWSPAPERS20WHISTLINGSONGHITSA Carload of Scenery and a Drove of Dancing DarlingsThe Klassiest, Kleverest Khorus KonceivableScats Now on Sale 25c, 35c, 50c, 75c and $1.00, Plus War TaxHUNTERS TAKING OUT HUNTINGLICENSES.Preparing for the open season onquail and rabbits, which takes effecton next Saturday, November 15,Paris and Bourbon county nimrodshave been busy securing the requiredlicense from the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton. Up -to yesterday, a large number of these documents had been issued. The numberis about the same as in 1918, whenall previous records were broken,despite the fact that many localyoung men were handling armyrifles instead of shotguns and shooting Huns instead of rabbits.County Clerk Paton asks thathunters contemplating roving thefields this fall apply for license theearly part of tills week. Every fallthere is a rush just before the shooting season opens, which inconveniences the office force and those applying for the license.Reports from farmers in variousportions of the county state that thebird and rabbit crops both seem tobe plentiful this year, there being asusual many more rabbits than birds.Pew squirrels have been shot thisyear aespite the fact that the season opened July 1. The open season for rabbits and birds ends Jenuary 1."SHE WALKED IN HER SLEEP"- We know salesmen who get the..ready handshake and an ear for thelatest story. But they stop there.y -Why?SWEARENGENFollowing a long illness; due tothe inroads of tuberculosis. WilliamG. Swearengen, aged thirty-three,died at three o'clock Friday afternoon, at the home of his sister, Mrs.Julian Howe, on Mt. Airy, on Mt.Airy avenue, in this city.Mr. Swearengen was the son ofMr. and Mrs. W. G. Swearengen, formerly of Paris, who moved to Carthage, Ohio, some years ago. He received his education in the schools ofParis, and graduated with honors inthe Paris Public School. He afterward attended State College, in Lexington. He took a great interest inathletics, and was a star pitcher ofthe old Paris baseball team, andlater was selected captain of theState College team. He was a youngman of great promise, and waspossessed of a genial nature thatmade him a host of friends. Everybody liked "Billy" Swearengen, andnone knew him but to esteem himhighly. In late years Mr Swearengen had been engaged in business inCnicago, where he occupied a responsible position with a large mercantile oncem.,a He remained thereun,til about two years ago when" declining health forced him to retire.The disease which had fastened uponhim made such inroads that hisPlaygoers of this city will be givenan opportunity to" pass judgment onthe new Mark Swan farce, "SheWalked In Her Sleep," when it willbe presented at the Lexington OperaHouse as the attraction beginningFriday -and Saturday, November 14and 15, Saturday matinee.This pre-eminently successfulfarce has already been seen both inNew York and Chicago, and is saidto have highly pleased theatre"pat10ns in these very large cities.The story has to do with thesomnambulism of a young and prettygirl, shielded only by the sheerestof nightgowns, who enters variousrooms other than her own, therebyarousing various doubts, suspicionsand jealousies in the minds of wives jwno witness but fail to understandthe intrusion. The original com-1pany, which includes Arthur Aylsworth and Eva Williams, also othermembers being Joseph Grehan,Thos. V. Emory, Jack Lewis, WalterWalker, George Howard, LeachWinslow, Ruth Hammond, Antoinette Roche and Rose Wilson, willbe seen in this local presentation.(adv)oBOURBON FARMING CONDITIONSWarm, wet weather has retardedthe work of farmers, who have beenunable to finish seeding wheat, whilp-" ithe late cut tobacco and corn have ibeen badly damaged. Farmers" havebeen shucking corn and at least 20per cent, of the ciop 'is unfit to befed. Early matured tobacco is beingrapidly prepared for the opening ofthe local maiket on December 2.Livestock is in good condition, owing to the good-fall grazing. Rye isheavy, while clover fields add anabundance of green feed. Turkeysare coming in in large numbers forthe Thanksgiving maiket. Thequality of the birds is good. Pricesare ruling high. Feeding cattle arecoming in large shipments, farmerstaking the best the Western marketafford.-Quality FootwearAt Less Than Factory Cost PricesOur ECONOMY STORE offers you you the opportunity tosupply your fall and winter requirements at a big saving inprice. BUY TOMORROW, Saturday, and benefit by our moneysaving prices.See the Most Beautiful Fall ModelsWe are Offering at Economy Prices$7.50 and $8.00 Ladies' Dark Brownand Glazed Black Kid Beautiful" Lace BootsNarrow style vamps in high heels; also in English styles,"military heels, on sale at$5.99$7.00 Ladies' Dark Tan LaceBoots, high heels, dark brownand glazed kid boots in English styles. Cloth and leathertops.On sale at $4.99$3.50 Ladies' and GrowingGirls' English Lace Boots inblack kid and gun metalleathers. Also a special lotgray boots.On sale at $3.99$5.00 Ladies' and GrowingGirls' Gun Metal EnglishLace Boots, low heels.On sale at $3.49Earnestness is enthusiasm .tempered by reason. It is the motive nowerwhich carries on. to. success all otherMen's Fall Boots, English andsoft vici kid, wide toelasts. $7.00 values.On sale at $4.99Men's $5.50 Gun Metal English Shoes on sale at $3.99$4.00 Men Tan and BlackCalf Work Shoes on saleat $2.99Boys' and Youths' $5.00 extragood Dress and School ShoesOn sale at $3.49Boys' and Youths' $3.00 GunMetal Shoes.On sale at $1.99Misses' $3.50 School Shoes inin gun metal, lace and button. On sale at $2.49High Top Boots for Boys andGirls at aGreat SavingiDANParis' Greatest Shoe StoreCOHENWhere Beauty and Economy Reigns- -virtues a man possessesv V.j: "V. -&.-" -- --'ifJ , - A