A 'fSTHE-MPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FEH; Y IN THE YEAR.' X -;VOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, MAY 2f 1919BOURBONNEWSTHE ROSE MAIDEN" CANTATATO BE GIVEN MAY 8.On Thursday, May 8, the beautifulca-ntata, "The Rose Maiden," will berendered at the Paris Christianchurch, by the combined choirs ofthe Paris and North MiddletownChristian churches. The cantata willbe repeated at the North Middletownchurch on the following night, Friday, May 9. Rehearsals have beenin steady progress for several weeks,and it was stated yesterday that allthose in the cast and the chorus weresimply letter-perfect in their parts.It has been a long time since aParis organization has essayed toproduce a cantata, or in fact, anykind of musical program of any pretension, and it is safe to say thatwith the many good voices in thesetwo choirs the "Rose Maiden" willbe a treat to those who love goodmusic. There will be no money consideration for admission and the general public is cordially invited to attend. The leading part wrill betaken by Mr. Ernest Davis, who wasfor many years leading tenor of theBoston Grand Opera Company. Theentire production will be under thedirection of Mr. A. L. Boatright,chorister of the Paris church. OfMr. Davis, who takes the leading rolein the "Rose Maiden," the ChicagoKerala says:"Formerly leading tenor of theBoston Grand Opera Co., Mr. Davisi3 now devoting himself to concertwork. His extraordinary successwherever he has appeared has invariably led to his re-engagement. Heiis the type of artist who fires the enthusiasm of the audiences by thebrilliant quality of his voice and. hisstirring dramatic interpretations.His voice is of ""large volume -andbeautiful quality. The range is excepional, giving high C and D. withentire ease and thrilling effect.While his most; splendid vocalgifts and commanding presence fithim particularly for the opera, Mr.Davis is equally at home in the oratorio and concert field. Mr. Davis,may be counted upon to make a success of any concert or recital in-p-hich he participates."oFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryano jDOUBLE SERVICE OVEIflQTg,Practical to wear as a ton-coatand water-proof to wear as a raincoat. A big assortment now at525 up.J. W. DAVIS & CO.FRANK & CO.LADIES OUTFITTERSWatch Our WindowsFRIDAYandSATURDAYSILKDRESSESGEORGETTE ANDSILK$15.MA.Sf.FRANKLADIES' OUTFITTERSAutomobileMASONIC LODGE CASING FORQUEIixtLY-AUTING STRANGERThe Masonic fraternity of this cityis caring- for a man named FrederickJ. Galtman, giving his residence asBrooklyn, New York, whose queer actions on the farm of Mr.. CharltonClay, near this city, a few days agoled to his arrest and detention here'The man was well-dressed, and offered no resistance when arrested.Mr. Clay, observing the strange actions of the man, whose clothes weretravel-stained and torn, presumablyby contact with barbed wire fences,called the Sheriff's office in this city.Sheriff McClintock and Deputy JamesGibson went to the farm and broughtthe man to Paris, where he was placed in jail for safe-keeping. He hadin his pocket a receipt card for duesin the George Washington Lodge ofMasons in Brooklyn, the card beingpaid up to January 1, 1920. Heseemed to be possessed with the hallucination that he was afflicted by anumber of diseases, all in malignantform, and with the technical namesof which he seemed very familiar.Masonic lodges in New York andBrooklyn were communicated with,giving a description of the man andthe circumstances of his being foundhere, but so far no reply has been received. ,0 VRED CROSS SEWING ROOMS.There were no meetings in the RedCross sewing rooms Tuesday or Wednesday, as those days belong to thefifth week, and dates ffad not beenassigned. The ladies of the Methodist church had an all-day sewing inthe rooms yesterday.A request has been made that anywoman who lias taken garments toher home to make, return them tothe Red Cross rooms at once. Bourbon county's quota must be ready topack for shipment by May 10. Return the garments finished or unfinished. TARING SCHOOL CENSUS.Superintendent of Schools J. B.Caywood, who is in Richmond attending the convention of school census-takers,will return to-morrow.According to an announcement maderecently by Supt. Caywood all women-Xfhq are engaged in taking a censusof the school children in the Bourbon county school districts are requested, to have their' reports in hisoffice not later than to-mOrrow (Saturday.) 3V .& CO.DeliveryHWERESTING OIL NOTES4The Paris Oil & Gas Co. is makingpreparations for drilling a test wellfor oil or gas on the farm of Mr. Wm.Meteer, near Hutchison. The rier hasbeen moved in and drilling will begin soon. They expect to sink thewell to a depth of '2,500 feet, if necessary. The Co-operating Land and Devel-nnmATif rnmnanV f -or. Qwacquired a new lease, known as thew. R. Sparks farm, comprising 54acres, in the Torrent district, Wolfcounty. It is reported that the company will begin operations at once.Preparations are being made bythis company to move materials anddrilling equipment onto the Crabtreelease in the Big Sinking section,where an extensive developmentcampaign will be started at once.A special train bearing a largenumber of stockholders who ownstock in. various oil companies in theoil section, and interested in the oildevelopment of the State, will leaveMaysville next Monday afternoon forWinchester, from where they willcontinue their journey to the oilfields.The train' will be made up of Pullman sleepers. After leaving Maysville, the special train will stop atJohnson Junction, Helena, Nepton,Cowan, Ewing, Carlisle, Millersburg,Paris and other points to take onmembers. The train will arrive inWinchester in time for supper, andwill be sidetracked for a sufficienttime to allow everyone to eat. FromWinchester the train will go to Evelyn, and the party will be ferriedacross the river. From there theywill go to the famous Ross- Creekpool in Estill county. A committeefrom the Commercial Club will meetthe train at Winchester and welcomethe party.oDON'T WATT BUY NOW TOBACCO STICKS.Buy tobacco sticks now and youwill get better quality and just aslow, or lower, prices than yu willget later. At this season of .the yearwe buy only from mills making extragood quality sticks; later when therush comes we have to take what wecan get. Anticipate your -needs,haul them now and get them sharpened on rainy days and at othertimes when your men have a fewhours between jobs. Our stock isiexcellent quality aimpjacjcauyuirpei uuu guuu. .xi. uuu i, vcvj w iiv "ii- uufe j,xijr-tnmg. me man wno succeeds is tnelive wire always ahead with hiswork. Anticipate your needs nowand make your contracts. Materialshave already advanced some and thevindications are that they will gohigher.We deliver anywhere at reasonable prices.BOURfeON LUMBER CO.,M. Peale Collier, Manager.Yards Corner Main and FourteenthStreets, Paris, Ky.Both Phones 122. (tf), oODD FELLOWS ATTEND BANQUETThe following members of Bourbon Lodge No. 23, I. 0. O. F., attended the banquet given in Winchester by the Odd Fellows' lodges ofthat city in celebration of the . onehundredth anniversary of the organization of the order:Mayor E. B. January, Jas. Daugherty, Chas. W. Fothergill, L. M. Van:hook, G. M. Rose, E. Prather, DoraScott, James Templin, John Chisholm, Thos. Taul, P. J. McCord, Thos.Williams, B. Kavanaugh, JanSmits and Dudley Rose. The speakersat the banquet were Mrs. Ed. Grubbs,Past Grand Master Virgil Smith andGrand Secretary R. G. Elliott. JudgeJames M. Benton presided as toastmaster. Music was rendered by theGirls' Orchestra from the OrphanHome, at Lexington.O -;IN THE COURTSIn the County Court, in the caseof the Commonwealth vs. Wm. Smith,; colored, charged with housebreaking,Judge Batterton held Smith to ansjwer to the grand jury at the JuneI term of the Bourbon Circuit Courtin the sum of ?500. Being unableto secure a bondsman Smith was sentto jail. ""Smith was arrested on a' charge ofbreaking into the home of DennisVaughn, near Austerlitz, where hesecured a sum of money, some jewelry and various articles of wearing'apparel.Jasper Johnson, colored, who carrier the mail to and from the Parispostoflice and the Louisville & Nashville passenger station in this city,was fired upon Tuesday morningwith a shotgun in the hands of TomCarter, colored, of Ruckerville. Thegun was loaded with birdshot, andluckily, did small damage. Carterwas arrested and gave bond for hisappearance before Judge Battertonat three o'clock yesterday afternoon.oCANDIDATES TAKE DEGREEAt the last meeting of RathhoneLodge No. 13, Knights of Pythias,the First Rank desrree was adminis-Itered to the following: Allie RowHand, J.'B. Peterson, W. W. White,Calvin Whalinr J. T. Pridemore,Stanley Case, Sam'l Whalen and Jas.A. Medlin. ffhe Second Rank will beconferred at the -next regular meeting.IN THE SERVICE OF THEIRT COUNTRY.-Mr. Virgil Chisholm, of Robertsoncounty, was a guest this week of hisuncle, Mr. John Chisholm, in thiscity. He -had just returned fromFrance, where he served nineteenmonths under Gen. PersMne- in thoFirst Army, 41st Engineer Corps. HeXtZtZ . Da"its ,f Chateau Thierry,""pingue, veraun and the Ar-??e Woof s and was wounded twiceand gassed once.Lieut. S. Z. Compton, of Ashland, and Jiis comrade-in-arms, Lieut.H-LW. Pedley, who "were recently discharged from the service at theCarlstrom Aviation Field, in Florida,were visitors in Paris, Wednesday.They were guests at the WindsorUlotel during their stay.Mr. Jake Elvove, of Paris, has received a letter from his cousin,Isaac Eurove, formerly of Paris,which contained the news that hehad arrived at Newport News fromFrance on" the transport, Malsonia.Before his introduction in the serviceEtirove was in the employe of the H.J. Grosche bakery in this city.Mr. and Mrs. A. Percy Adair, ofnear Paris, have received a telegramfrom their son, Sergt. A. P. Adair,Jr., apprising them of his safe arrival from overseas in New York.Young Adair has been in the servicefor over a year in France as Assistant Veterinarian. Of four boys inthe Adair family, he was the onlyone-who got a chance to see activeduty overseas.Fresh from the decks of a warship,the U. S. S. Pennsylvania, which hasbeen on duty in Cuban waters, Ensign J. Monroe Sweeney, of Paris,came in Monday for a visit to hi&mother, MrsvJ. S. Sweeney, of Higgins avenue. Ensign Sweeney hasbeen placed on the inactive list. Hewas commissioned for service in theaviation department, and on his return will be on the U. S. S. Arkansas.Wilson- Newhall, who has been inthe service for fourteen months overseas asa member of the 174th NewYork Engineer Corns, is a sriiest of.his!! father, Mr. Joseph Newhall, inPaYis. rHe was accompanied by acorjirade, Private Wm. Egan, of Chicago. -otl) has been honorably disoharg$HBfim the-service and willsnend sdr timeimJKentuckv heixvewnan is a tan, nne looKing" youngman, ana niaKes a spienaia appearance in his uniform.A postcard to Miss Mary MargaretBristow, of Bourbon, from Mrs. JonesKerr, of Winchester, tells of thedeath of her son, Lee Kerr, who enlisted at Paris, being a resident ofBourbon at that time. He was amember of Company L, 16th Infantry. He was wounded in the knee,October 4, 1918, by a shot from aGerman machine gun, ' while in action. He was able to be sent backto the United States, and was undertreatment at Staten Island Debarkation Hospital, No. 2, when he succumbed January 7 of his wounds.His remains were brought to Winchester for burial.ANOTHER DISAPPOINTMENTFLYING CIRCUS BEHINDTIME,xThe people of Paris and vicinityare not likely to see the widely-advertisedFlying Circus to-day, andprobably not to-morrow, accordingto advices received vW'day by Publicity Secretary Rudolph Davis.Owing to high winds, cross currents, heavy rains, injuries to machines, and other things too numerous to mention, the aviators are morethan forty-eight hours behind theirschedule at all points. Making alldue" allowances and hoping for a return of favorable weather the flyersmay, perhaps, reach Paris on Sunday,or Monday, and perhaps not at all.Since leaving Hillsboro they haveencountered heavy weather that hashandicapped them to an extent thatthe general public cannot be madeto understand.Arrangements had been made withRobert L. and J. H. Taylor, of EastParis, who have leased the J. T. Hinton farm, for the use of the farm asa landing place for the machines.Should the program be carried outthe farm will be used as a startingand landing place for the flyingsquadron.THE HARRISON CONCERT ATHIGH SCHOOL TO-NIGHT.Music-lovers of Paris and thecounty who attend the concert to begiven at the Paris High School auditorium to-night by Mrs. Mary DanHarbison and Capt. Robert Harbison,will be given a treat in the musicalline.There is no sweeter-voiced vocalistin Kentucky to-day than Miss Harbison, and her every appearance hereand elsewhere in concert has won anovation for her. Capt. Harbison, herbrother, has the same genius, thesame musical voice, and togetherthey will render a program that willbe sure to please and entertain.The concert will be given underthe auspices of the Christian Endeavor Society of the Presbyterianchurch. The admission will be fiftycents for adults, and thirty-five centsfor school children. ,INCREASE IN TELEPHONE BATESEFFECTIVE YESTERDAYSimultaneous with the announcement that the Government would relinquish control of. the telegraph andtelephone service some time in themonth of! May came the announcement that the two telephone companies operating in this city wouldraise their rates to the patrons inboth cityand county. The increasebecame effective yesterday, and hasraised a storm of protest. The raisemade an increase amounting to $3.75per month for business houses and to$2.00 per month for residences. Onphones outside the city the increasewill be in proportion to the mileage,according to the information we haveat hand.Immediately upon learning of theraise in rates the druggists of thecity held a meeting and decided tohave one of the phones removedfrom their places of business and todo business on the one-phone system.This was accordingly done yesterdayandis likely to be followed by similarjaction on the part of other linesof business,According to a" statement by themanagers of both companies in thiscity the increase was ordered by theGovernment in order to meet a verylarge Federal deficit. The explanation made -by them is that more thanfifty per cent, of the increase will gotoward paying increased wages tothe operators and other employes ofthe companies; that materials andequipment costs are much higherthan formerly, and that either increased rates or. direct taxes wouldbe the only remedies possible.The city will probably take no official action at present on the matter.It .has been pointed out that the increase was ordered by the Government and that if suits of injunctionfiled by other cities were successfulthe decision would affect Paris "aswell as all the other towns of thecountry. .It is to. be hoped that coir peoplewill not use undue haste in. dispensing with the use of one or the otherof the telephone systems, as the matter will be -amicably and satisfactorily adjusted in less than a month.By that time, according to the manager of one of the companies,, the telephone companies will be their ownbosses, and will be able to make better terms to their patrons. To boycott one line will of course redoundto the advantage of the pther company. Let moderation be the watchword, with fairness to all concerned..MONEY JtlGHX .IN YOUR HANDFOR EGGS, POULTRYAND JUNKHighest cash price for egg3,poultry, hides and junk.MUNICH & WIDES CO.,(11-tf) Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.WE KNOW HOWBLUE SERGESUITSOf Real ValueYOU WILL FIND AT OUR STORE SERGE SUITS THATARE ABSOLUTELY FAST COLOR. NOT THE KIND THATLOSE THEIR SHAPE AND BECOME BAGGY AND ILLFITTING AFTER A FEW WEEKS' WEAR. REAL VALUESIN STEIN-BLOCH AND MICHAEL STERNS FINE CLOTHES,AT PRICES WITHIN REACH OF ATT,$25.00 to $50.00NOTHING NICER FOR SUMMER WEAR THAN A BLUESERGE. WE HAVE MANY DESIRABLE PATTERNS INFANCY SUITINGS BLACK AND WHITE CHECKS, SHEP--ARD PLAIDS, TANS, GREYS AND FANCY GREENS; SNAPPY STYLES FOR THE YOUNG FELLOW PANEL BACK,. CLOSE FITTING COATS SLANTING POCKETS, EXTREMEENGLISH 'CUT TROUSERS.MITCHELL & BLAKEMORENettleton ShoesDr. Reed's Cushion Sole ShoesManhattan ShirtsStetson HatsTAX ON CONTESTS PER DAY $5City of Paris Re-enacts OrdinanceTaxing Newspaper Solicitors Engaged In Pnze ContestsAFFECTS ALL PAPERS ATJCF,An ordinance has been passed byth6 City Council, of Paris, Ky.', prohibiting the solicitation of subscrfp- -tions by solicitors, for periodicalsand newspapers, where prizes, etc.,are offered. The ordinance is as follows: "For soliciting Subscriptions to "ANY NEWSPAPER OR PERIODICAL by oif ering any premium or rift,or where solicitors are engaged inANY contest for prize, or prizes, perday, $5.00."The ordinance above was also ineffect last year. The Paris newspapers have refrained from conductingany contests, during that time because it was against the law, alsobecause the public has been annoyedenough with such "contests."However, the. law is being violatedevery day by foreign newspapers.Innocent solicitors are also belns induced to violate the above ordinance.The .newspapers of Paris do not wantto issue warrants for these solicitors,as they.are sure that they are unconscious of the fact that they are violating the law. If the practice iscontinued, however, it will be necessary for the local papers, in justiceto themselves, to take steps to stopthe violation of the ordinance, whichis very plain.The Paris newspapers pay licenses,city and county taxes, etc., for theconducting of their business and forthe protection against foreigners,coming to this city and being allow-ed privileges cot conceded to theot.The attention of the city officialsis also called to the above. They allpride themselves on enforcing thelaw, if their attention is called toany violations of the city ordinances.Mayor and Council are to be congratulated on the drafting' of such an ordinance, as it is certainly very clearand prohibits the obnoxious "content"practice in Pari3.THE BOURBON NEWS, .THE KENTTUCKIAN-CIT1ZEN; "THE PARIS DEMOCRAT. , A;o ,COTTONSEED MEAL.-Swift's Digester Tankage 6fcProtein for Hogs.Swift's High Grade Fertilizer ftrTobacco.8-tf ) CHAS. S. BRENT & BR0Trvfivrriawr tm v7rrnrw Awnrss-FOR EGGS. POULTRYAND JTJNK.Highest cash price for eggs,poultry, hides and junk.MUNICH & WIDES CO.,(11-tf) Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.51&'..- 4YK'v-" r dkmmWlGE twoFRIDAY, MAY 2, 11S.THE BOTJBBOK HEWS, PARIS, DSHCTOCgdtThe women telephone employeesia New England have won. theirstrike. Naturally, women are boundto be successful where talk is conNew Exchange TelephoneRates Effective May 1, 1919,A new schedule of telephone- f ive in rans, Miners Durg, .worui jiuuuieLown, xuuuc xtuvi., juu; dies Mils, Irlay 1, by Direction of the Operating Board of thei United States Telegraph and Telephone Administration, acting"tinder the order of the Postmaster General of the United States.As you know, all of the lines and property of this companyare in the possession, control and are being operated by the, United States Government under the direction of the Postmaster General of .the United States. ;The new rates are necessary in order that additional revenue may be secured by the government to meet the increasedoperating expenses. The causes which make greater revenuenecessary are 6mz to the new conditions and the new price lev, els introduced by the war and are entirely beyond the controlof the United States Telegraph and Telephone Administration orof the Telephone Company.9 More than two years ago the Company foresaw that the telephone system would be operated at a loss unless the ratescould be adjusted to meet the increasing costs of all elementsentering into the production of service. A similar rate adjustment would have been unavoidable under private controlt and the new rate schedule is practically the same we would havesought in 1918 if the government had not taken possession ofour property.As stated by the Postmaster General, the owners of the telephone system do not benefit in any way from rates changes.Practically all of the increased operating expenses which require this additional revenue are due to increased wages paidto employes to enable them to meet the new conditions' of life inthe present day.It is neither practicable nor desirable to reduce wages, and sofar as wages are concerned we believe that portion of the increased operating expenses to be permanent..(The new rate schedule is fair and reasonable arid the percentage of increased revenue, which it will produce is much lower than the increased cost of other services and commodities ofComplete detailed information about the new rates may beobtained at the manager's ofiice. We are making every effortto change our records promptly, and your courteous consideration will be appreciated.CUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAi J TELEGRAPH COMPANY(Incorporated); JiglQH mNotice to Telephone Users !By Act of Congress of the United States, bearing date of July 16.1918), the President was authorized to assume possession, supervision,operation and control of all Telegraph and Telephone Companies in theUhitd States, and such possession, supervision, operation and controlwas Isumed by the President, effective at midnight, July 31, 1918, to beexercised through the department of the Postmaster General. The Act ofCongVess referred to provided o apppropriation to take care of any deficits Wltich might occur in the operation of the properties and the continued" high cost of materials, as well as the necessity of wage adjustmentsVFithVemployes, have made such deficits imminent. In order to forestall, ifpossible, the calamity which would be occasioned by the necessity ofcloflin any of the telephone exchanges, the Postmaster General has ordered that, effective May 1, 1919, the following schedule of rates beplaced in effect by this company: KiitifcfesJiLhlM ! ' ! .SCHEDULE OF EEOTAL BATES AUTHORIZED BY UNITED STATESTELEGRAPH AND TELEPHONE ADMINISTRATION FOR THEPARIS HOME TELEPHONE AND TELEGRAPH COMPANY, EF-; PECTIVE MAY 1, 1919::' PARIS EXCHANGE.Main Line Business $3.50 per monthTwo-Party Line Business 3.00 per monthMain Line Residence 2.00 per month.Two-Party Line Residence 1.75 per monthFour-Party Line Residence 1.50 per monthRural Party Line Residence . . . . 1.75 per monthBusiness Extension 1.00 per monthi Residence Extension 50 per month- i Extension Bolls 25 per monthBRANCH EXCHANGES.-Main Line Business $2.75 per monthTwo-party Line Business 2.25 per monthi Main Line Residence 1.65 per monthJ Two-Party Line Residence 1.40 per month.'. Pour-Party Line Residence." 1.25 per 'month' Rural Party Line Residence 1.65 per monthBusiness Ex.ten3ion 1.00 per month. Residence Extension 50 per monthExtension Bell '. 25 per monthAll bills for Rural Service within Bourbon County are payable atthe office of the Company before the 15th day of each month for servicerendered for previous month. NIn placing this new schedule of rates in effect we desire to acknowledge our deep appreciation of the co-operation and good will whichhas existed between this Company and its patrons, which feeling we trustwill continue, and further to assure our patrons that every effort will beexerted to provide and maintain a high standard of telephone service.The largest portion of this increase goes to increase the salaries ofour operators and other employes.Paris Home Telephone Telegraph4V Companyf" ' (Incorporated)J. 3Veatch, District Manager. W. H. Cannon, Local Manager.Last year at this time there wasonly one -war, tmfcjlb would be futjhrto attempt to estimate the number'now being wagetf oiPthis globe ofours.exchange rates become effect-TAXES TOOHEAyY.(Washington., Post)Representative Wells Goodykoontz,of Williamson, W. Va., who was lastfall elected from the Fifth Congressional District of that State to succeed Edward Cooper,, who voluntarilyretired, has been selected to be amember of the .new Judiciary Committee of the House, a position thosewho know him best say he is highlyqualified for. He is one of hisState's ablest lawyers and has servedas President of the State Senate andof the West Virginia Bar Association.Discussing taxation, "Mr. Goodykoontz said:"The present burden of Federaltaxes is too heavy to be borne. Andunder existing arrangements there isno prospect for relief. The people ofthe country cannot long stand thestrain. Financial interests are beingdriven into a corner and business enterprises is being killed. The incometax, the war tax, the excess profitstax, the capital stock tax, plus localand State taxes, will have taken forthe years 1918 and 1919 almost thewhole of the net earnings of manyindividuals, firms and corporations.This is so retarding business growthand development that presently therewill be none in this country. Thegoose being dead, where are the golden eggs to come from?"Let the war debt be refunded.Let it be distributed over a period of50 or 100 years. Give the countrya chance to grow and thereby increase the national wealth to create new values that will be exposedto assessment and the payment oftaxes."Railroad bonds are never paidalways refunded. But I would gradually retire the Government bonds insuch a way as not to disturb anddestroy business, but to encourage it.Further, I would advise that thedebts owing to the Government byforeign nations for money advancedthem to secured by the bonds ofthese countries and sold to Americaninvestors and the proceeds used bythe Government in paying its obligations to our own people. In thenext session of Congress I will welsome the opportunity to impressthese views upon its members."oWHAT'S THE REASON?Many Paris People in Poor HealthWithout Knowing the CauseThere are scores of people whodrag out a miserable existence without realizing the cause of their suffering. Day after day they are racked with backache and headache; suffer from nervousness, dizziness, weakness, langour and depression. Perhaps the kidneys have fallen behindin their work of filtering the bloodand that may be the ' root of thetrouble. Look to your kidneys, assist them in their work give themthe help, they need. You can use nomore highly recommended remedythan Doan's Kidney Pills endorsedby people all over the country andby your neighbors in Paris.Mrs. John Mastin, 1439 High St.,Paris, says: "I have used Doan'sKidney Pills with good results and Iknow from the help they gave methat they would be just as beneficialin other cases of kidney trouble. Ihad a dead, dull ache across thesmall of my back and my kidneysacted irregularly. Doan's KidneyPills rid me of those complaints, andif I should need a kidney remedyagain I would certainly take Doan's."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Mastin had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.(adv)Browning's High Ideals.Probably the writer who most frequently refused money was RobertBrowning the poet. During the last25 years of his life editors offeredlarge sums for a short poem from hispen. But Browning said "No." Hetold his friends when they pointed outthe unwisdom of this course that hewas determined not to thrust his poems down the throats of the people;that if they wanted to read them theycould buy his books.LAZY LIVERDELIGHTFULREMEDY FORCalotabs, the Perfected ITausealessCalomel, Sets the Liver RightWithout the Slightest.Nausea or BangerFeel mean, look yellow? Yourliver is out of fix! The poisonous hireis being, retained in your system.You say I know calomel will set mestraight, but I hate to take calomel.Why not try Calotabs, the purifiedcalomel that is as delightful to takeas it is beneficial in cleansing theliver, and purifying the system? Calotabs give you all of the valuablemedicinal qualities of calomel but areentirely freed from the' unpleasanta.nd dangerous effects. One tabletat bedtime with a swallow of waterthat's all. No taste, no griping, nonausea, no salts. You wake up inthe morning feeling fine, with a cleanliver and a. hearty appetite. Eatwhat you please no danger of salivation. Calotabs are sold only in original,sealed' packages, price thirty-fivecents. The finest medicine in theworld for biliousness, indigestion,headache and constipation. So finethat your druggist is authorized torefund the price as a guarantee thatyou will be thoroyttghly delightedwith Calotabs.. ' (adv)"rJ BM PBBbV' TBBr -"5K53BrM BW bp 263aMsiaBP 0 ,"Bite" inpoor leafThe VELVET way makesthe friendlier kind of tobacco. You can alwaysgo to it for comfort without a "come-back'Get chummy withVELVET today..JycltfilAjo&lCCO Cak9 L9tQSSSMOrm''MASTER'S SALEOFTwo Double Houses.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Alma T. Adair, Etc PlaintiffsVs.Albert C. Adair, Etc. .. .DefendantsUnder and by virtue of a judgmentand order of sale rendered at theMarch term, 1919, in the abovestyled action therein pending, theundersigned Master Commissioner, onSATUIU)AY, MAY 3, 1919.at about the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.,at the front door of the Court House,in Paris, Kentucky, will sell at public,auction to the highest and best bidder, the following described property: Two double frame houses locatedon the corner of Fifteenth Street, inthe City of Paris, Kentucky, and de-'scribed by metes and bounds, as follows: 1. Beginning on 15th Street, corner to Lot No. 1, in Ingles Divisionto the city of Paris, Ky., west ofHigh Street 50 feet from High streetand running thence with High Street50 feet to Lot No. 3, in said Division;thence parallel to High Street 150feet to an alley; thence parallel with15th Street to an alley; 7890,yNzbn15th Street 50 feet to Lot No. 1 insaid division; thence in a line parallel to High Street 150 feet to thebeginning, being Lot iNo. 2 in saidAddition west of High Street2: Beginning on the South side of15th Street and corner to High Streetextended and being Lot. No. 1 western division of Ingels Addition tothe City of Paris; thence n a westerly direction and with 15th Street50 feet to the lot heretofore conveyed by Ingles to Stamler. and by Stamler to the second party; thence withthe line of second party in a southerly direction 150 feet to an alley,corner to second party; thence in aneasterly direction and with said alley50 feet to High Street extended;thence in a northerly direction andwith said High Street extended 150feet to the beginning.Said sale will be made upon thecredits of six and twetve months, theXIHEN I go fishin I wantw V JLaJ nv &.!I lOlt l4 .C, WIU IVVUUVVthat don't.tobacco comes either fromor wrong "ripening."We use for VELVET only the finest KentuckyBurley. But we don't stop there,We put millions of pounds of this tobacco awayevery year, in wooden hogsheads, for Nature topatiently ripen and mellow.rThere are quicker ways, but they leave someteeth in.Roll a VELVETCigaretteVELVET'S na tare -agedmildness and smoothnessmake it Just right forcigarettes.purchaser or purchasers being required to execute their two bonds forequal parts of the purchase pricethereof, with good surety to be approved by the Commissioner, due sixand twelve months from date of salerespectively, and bearing interest atthe rate of six per cent, per annumfrom date of sale until paid, andhaving the force and effect of judgments. O. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner of the BourbonCircuit Court22-td)FOR RENT.House, stable, garden and cow lot,on Cypress street. Immediate possession. (29-tf) DR. F. P. CAMPBELL.Cottage For Sale.Has four rooms, hall, front andback porches, storage room, waterin kitchen, electric lights and gas.This is a desirable little home andcentrally located. A bargain if soldquick. Easy terms.D. Y. L. FARLEY.(29-3t) Both Phones 48.Found.On the streets of Paris, a gentle- jman s gold watch. Owner call on E.F. Ramey, 558 Vine street, proveproperty and pay for advertisement.Anything In Your Eye?Many people who come to us forexamination imagine there is someforeign substance in their eyes.It is hard to convince them, sometimes, that these gritty, sandy,scratching, irritating conditions aresymptoms and effects due to refractory errors which usually can be corrected by the wearing o properly fitted glasses. Let us take- the "grit"out of your eyes.Dr. Wm. Riley FranklinSuite 2056 First National Bk.Both Phones, Paris, Ky.THESMOOTHESTSMOKINGTOBACCO10&fr1LOSTOn Maysville pike, black andwhite cameo locket, with chain attached. Reward for return of sameto this office. (25-2t)Lost Reward.Lost, on the streets of Paris, aCircle Pin, set with sapphires andpearls. A reward will be paid if returned toMRS. OSCAR T. HINTON.(29-2t)FOR SALE ATLAST!The real estate firm of Thompson & Downs, at Taylorsvlile,Ky., have at last succeeded ingetting on their list for sale,among many others, one of thefinest farms in Kentucky, con-,taining 350 acres 160 acres ingrass, 115 acres in wheat, thebest in the county and the balance has been in clover, and isnow being plowed, a great partof which has been plowed earlytThis land is in a high state ofcultivation. It has the finesthome in Nelson county, an eightroom residence, beside hall,porches, etc., all fitted up withelectric lights, water works,bath, toilet; is furnace-heated,and is modern in every respect.The place has a very fine cattlebarn with 120 individual stalls;lots of shecf and loft room; hastwo large tile silos that willhold 330 tons; one of the finestcemented graineries in theState; an eight-acre tobaccobarn, an extra good one; barnshave lights and water; threoextra good tenant houses, withall good outbuildings with each;good fencing all over the place;good orchard an plenty of goodwater. Price right. Address,THOMPSON &D0WNSHeal Estate Agents,TailorsTilie,. Xyfc(25-tfVr BHBBrCjBBBBBBBBrVBBBBBBBBBBBB1!" JMMM2Hbbb7 BBV-' BBBB15yfJn75?'BBBSBBBWT 1 OBBBbT 1 "t"fCIV"T1 llfTTT" ntfaFRIDAY, MAY 2, 1919.THE BOTOBOH HEWS, PAIOS, XEHOTCKYfAGE, t i i umatawfci1rHave you ever heard this?"My baking powder," says the Msmooth solicitor, "costs less than 1Royal."But he omits to say that it often I-1!?leaves a bitter taste, that food madewith it is likely to stale in a day and ;that it contains alum, which is condemned by many medical authoritiesfor use in food.ii-ngland and France prohibit thesale of alum baking powders.BakingPowdermade from Cream of TartarVgHHe bi! Y&iOYALZK4.PiCRoyal Contains No AlumLeaves No Bitter TasteISOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.BHKlRgSS:NOTED VOCALIST TO APPEAR INLEXINGTON.Margaret Matzenauer, phenomenalprima-donna contralto of the Metropolitan Opera Co., assisted by EmilPolka, Pianist, will appear at theLexington Opera House, Friday, May9, for one concert only, under theauspices of the Lexington College ofMusic, Anna Chandler Gofl, director.Society is anticipating the comingof Mme. Matzenauer and will makethis the last series of large musicalevents in Lexington one of the mostbrilliant of the season.The prima-donna is now on, one ofher most successful tours of the country, having sung to enthusiastic audiences throughout her tour sincethe close of the opera season,j Mme. Matzenauer defies classificaj tion. In speaking of SchumannHeink and Louise Homer, and thenpredicting that statement by proclaiming her as a great dramaticsoprano one does not express anomaly, astonishing as that declarationfmay be to those who have not hadt the good fortune of hearing Mme.Matzenauer in various roles at theMetropolitan Opera House in NewYork in the past several seasons.'The Boston Post in speaking ofMme. Matzenauer in "Aida,' said;"Everything t she needs, power,range, sensuous beauty, dynamiccontrol, all these things Mme. Matzenauer seems to possess in superfluity. Not in a long time will h&rKIDNEYS WEAKENING?raawsKaaKidney troubles don't disappear ofthemselves. They grow slowly butst&adily, undermining- health withfieadiy certainty, until you fall a victim to incurable disease.Sroji your troubles while there is time.Don't wait until little pains become bigaches. Don't trifle with disease. Toavoid tuure suffering begin treatmentwith GOL-D MEDAL Haarlem Oil Capsules now. Take three or four everyday until you are entirely free frompain.This well-known preparation has beenDne of the national remedies of Holand for centuries. In 1696 the government of the Netherlands granted a.jpecial charter authorizing its preparaion and sale.LOOK OUT!The housewife of Holland would almost fcs soon be without food as without her "Real Dutch Drops," as shequaintly calls GOLD MEDAL HaarlemOil Capsules. They restore strengthand are responsible in a great measurefor the sturdy, robust health of theHollanders.Do not delay. Go to your druggist andinsist on his supplying you with GOLDMEDAL Haarlem Oil Capsules. Takothem as directed, and if you are notsatisfied with results your druggist willgladly refund your money. Look forthe name GOLD MEDAL on the boxand accept no other. In sealed boxes,three sizes.lfittlsinging and her presence in this rolebe forgotten. Such dignity, suchgrandeur of spirit, must be inborn.They cannot be manufactured or acquired." The Cincinnati Enquirer of lastMay, said:"Her voice is one of the most gorgeous organs we know. That richness of color, that warmth and thatgreat sonority established its claimas one of the most luscious voices ofthe generation."Seat sale at Ben Ali ticket office,beginning Monday, May 5, but mailorders received now.There is more Catarrh in this section of 'the country than all otherdiseases put together, and for yearsit was supposed to be incurable. Doctors prescribed local remedies, andby constantly failing to cure withlocal treatment, pornounced it incurable. Catarrh is a local disease,greatly influenced by constitutionalconditions and therefore requiresconstitutional treatment. Hall's Catarrh Medicine, manufactured by F.J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio, is aconstitutional remedy, is taken internally and acts through the bloodon the mucous surfaces of the system. One Hundred Dollars reward isoffered for any case that Hall's Catarrh Medicine fail to cure. Send forcirculars and testimonials.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by Druggists, 75 c.Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (may-adv)Miss Edith Hart, of Middiesboro,Ky., is a guest of her uncle, Mr. OttoM. Foley, on Clifton avenue.Mrs. Alice Shearer, of Livingston, is a guest at the home of Mr.and Mrs. John Shearer, of Cliftonavenue.Mr. and Mrs. Wesley Franklin,guests of Mr. and Mrs. Claude Crowe,of Parrish. avenue, have returned totheir home in Cynthiana.Mrs. Newton J. Myers, of Carlisle, was a guest from Saturday toMonday of her mother, Mrs. J. C.Fightmaster, on Walker avenue.Mrs. Harold Johnson and twolittle children, of Columbus, Ohio,are guests at the home of her father-in-law,Mr. W. H. H. Johnson, on Mt.Airy avenue.Miss Sara Power has returnedto her school duties at Science Hill,in Shelbyville, after a visit to herparents, Mr. and Mrs. Henry A.Power, in this city.Mr. John M. Sturgeon, Jr., andMrs. Sturgeon, accompanied by Mr.John M. Sturgeon, Sr., of Lake City,S. C, motored to Smith's Grove, Ky.,for a visit to Mrs. Sturgeon's parents, Mr. and Mrs. B. C. Amos.Mr. and Mrs. John M. Sturgeonhave moved from the Walker home,at the corner of Main and Twelfthstreets, to Duncan avenue. Theyhave as their guest Mr. John M.March term of the Bourbon CircuitThe officers and directors of theBourbon County, War Mothers' Association are requested to meet at thehome of Mrs. J. T. Vansant, on Pleasant street, to-morrow (Saturday)afternoon, May 3, at three o'clock, fora very important business session.Mr. and Mrs. Frank P. Kiserhave returned from a protracted stayin Cuba and Florida. Mr. Kiser isgreatly improved in health by hisstay in the Sunny South, a conditionwhich his friends here hope will bepermanent.Mrs. Robert J. Mitchell and sister, Miss Ella Mitchell, who recentlysold their home at the corner ofDuncan avenue and Nine street, willmake their home in the future withMr. Wallace W. Mitchell, in Thornton Division.Mr. W. V. Shaw, General Agentat Paris for the Louisville & Nashville, left Tuesday for a fishing tripin Western Mississipppi. He leftJohn J. ("Kitty") McCarthy behindhim with tears in his eyes, as John'swell-known ability as a fishermanwould have made hira a most companionable companion.The members of the cast in theMillersburg High School playlet,"Mrs. Tubbs Does Her Bit," will entertain at The Sweet Shop, in thiscity, with a six-o'clock dinner tomorrow evening, in honor of twomembers of the graduating class,Misses Ruth Johnson and LenaCooke. The dinner will be followedhby a theatre party to the Par4sGrand.(Other Personals on Page 5)EVEN LIGHT TESTSuLJMMmmiMmiMuiMikMiuiuiuitMWiUiMuimmmmmiWolf, Wile & Co.LEXINGTON, KENTUCKYP DKB ENMrs. Guinn So Nervous Life Was Almost Unendurable AidedBy Trutona.' ;'HIGGLESI 16 Bank Rtw, Paris, Ky. m, jlfLOUISVILLE, KY., May. 1. Mrs.Dana Guinn, well-known Louisvillewoman, of 2514 Woodlawn avenue,has recently recovered from an, illness of -long duration through use ofTrutona, the, perfect tonic"I suffered from, nervous, indigestion, constipation and loss of appetite," she said. "I was so nervousat times that I could hardly tolerateanybody's -presence in "the house, Icouldn't sleep at night. Naturally, Inever felt like doing even the smallest household tasks."But I feel like a woman madeover again, since taking Trutona. Ithas accomplished the most wonderfulresults in my case. My husbandthinks Trutona has performed miracles for me. I think it's the mostwonderful medicine in the world.Trutona will do everything that isclaimed for it."Mrs. Guinn is only one of hundredsof people who have found neverhoped for relief through Trutona.The perfect tonic is without a peeras a reconstructive toinc followingattacks of pneumonia, influenza, hardcolds and the like.Trutona is now being introducedand explained in Paris by G. S. Varden & Son.(adv)oSome men are so grouchy and finicky that they would, complain aboutthe acoustics in a moving picturetheatre.For Influenza!.For influenza and after effects,use K. U. Tablets- Chey :build upyour nerves and stomach;., rid thesystem of all aches, pains and tiredfeelings. . They restore vigor andvim. They are fine 'for headacheand rheumatism. The contents of K.U.WTabletsre used by all of the bestphysicians of the country.Don't be without them in. yourhopie. Once tried they are alwaysused. They are put up in. 10c and25c boxes and are for sale by alldruggists 'and groceries.Distributed by theK. V. CHEMICAL CO:.568 McClelland Building,rfeb-3mos)Girls' ApparelFor FestiveOccasionsOne must not lose sight of tha fact that young inisswill also share in the festivities which will hold forthduring the "Little Season.' 'There will be parties, the matinees, or perhaps "shewill resume her dancing lessons. Our Junior departmentalways criterions of fashion have assembled forthe young girl, 6 to 16 years of age, a collection of apparel for every occasion.Youthful apparel, especially designed with due regard for becomingness, simplicity and refinement so important in correct attire for the young girl. & JCrepe de Chine FrocksGeorgette FrocksNet FrocksCapesMillineryUnderwearTaffeta Silk FrocksFlowered Chiffon FrocksOrgandie Frocksand accessories.CoatsSweatersHosiery1sI3 VmVZRffiWolf, Wile C& Co.LEXINGTON, KENTUCKYirwmmmmmmmwmsimNo; reducing corsets are so trulyeconomical, so long-lived or sosatisfying as these extra-stronggarments.JThe engo Belt feature oftailoring has become famousamong medium and stoutwomen, because it solves the.problem of 'retaining shapeliness where the greatest straincomes over the abdomen and hips. Note the exclusivemethod of boning this portion of the garment, then wear one RengBelt model you will find your first supreme corset satisfaction,Models for every figure some with steelastic webbing for greaterfreedom all with double watch spring boning.Prices of Rengo Belt Corsets Range from $2 to $10For Sale by FRANK & CO.jnSAVETthe LeatheriKeepYour Shoes NeatUQUimAflDWErWllACICv.WHITE, TAN ANDOBtOODAOARK BKQWfc)SrtOt3" '.NUAUEYCOAPOMnMlSurrAto. n.v. LLexington, Ky. 4The News Job Department is Always Busy.meres a treason, wotk Done Right!nMli .':mi ImRJt'-&flPAGE POTJSTHE BOUBBON NEWS, PAEIS, KEHT0CXTFRIDAY, MAY 2, 1919.Master's SaleReal Estate!. BOURBON '.CIRCUIT COURT.,JBourbon-Agricultural Bank &-Trust Company, Guardian . . PlaintiffVs. NOTICE OF SALERussell Frank DefendantUnder and by virtue of a judgmentand order of sale rendered at theMarch, term of the Biurbon CircuitCourt in the above styled actiontherein pending, the undersignedMaster Commissioner, onSaturday, May 17, 1919,at the front door of the Court House,in Paris, Kentucky, at about the hourof 11 o'clock a, m., will sell at public auction to the highest and bestbidder, the following described property: The said property was originally two lots and was formerly owned a-nd occupied by theDeposit Bank of Paris, Kentucky, as a bank building andplace of residence of its cashier. The said real estate wasconveyed to the said bank inlots, one fronting 44 feet onBroadway and running back toChurch street and fronting onChurch street 44 feet, and wasconveyed to the Deposit Bankof Paris, by Thomas Mitchellby deed recorded in said officein Deed Book 47, page 418.The second lot adjoins the aboveand extended from High, streetto Church street, and was conveyed to said bank by Joel K.Lyle, by" deed recorded in saidoffice in Deed Book 52, page471.Said sale will be made upon thecredits of ix and twelve months, thepurchaser or purchasers being required to execute their two salebonds due six and twelve monthsfrom date of sale respectively, andbearing interest at the rate of sixper cent per annum, with good suretyto be approved by the Commissioner,Mid liaving the force and effect ofjudgments.Said sale is made for the purposeof reinvestment.O. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner.(may2-9)DEATHS.'McCLINTOCK.After a lingering illness of manymonths, during part of the time being confined to his home, Mr. JohnJ. McClintock, aged seventy, formany years one of the best-knownfigures in the financial circles of thiscity, died at his home on Duncanavenue Wednesday. Mr. McClintock had practically been an invalidfor the past two years, following hisretirement from active cennectionwith business some years ago.Mr. McClintock was the eldest sonof the late Mr. James McClintock,and received his early training inthe public and private schools of hisday in this city. He entered businesslife at an early age and by reason ofhis superior talents, soon rose to aplace of eminence in the businessworld. He entered the employ of theold Agricultural Bank of Paris at atime when the personnel of its officers was composed of such meri asHiram Roseberry, Henry Spears, Jas.Hall, J. W. Ferguson, and others. Hesoon rose from one position to another and finally attained the placeof cashier of the institution, at thedeath of the late Mr. Henry Spears.After the merger of the Agriculturaland the Bourbon Banks under thetitle of the Bourbon-AgriculturalBank & Trust Co., Mr. McClintockresigned his position, and organizedthe Farmers' and Traders' Bank, being elected Cashier, and retainingthat $lace until a little over twoyears ago, when continued ill-healthforced his retirement. Mr. McClintock spent some time in Texas andother points health-seeking, but returned apparently not much betterfor the stay. He was a prominentmember of -the Paris Christianchurch and one of the officers of thechurch for many years. He was alsoa member of the Odd Fellows andother orders here.He is survived by his widow, whowas formerly Miss Kate Palmer, adaughter of the late Joseph and LouPalmer, of near Paris; one brother,Mr. James D. McClintock, of Paris,and one sister, Mrs. Arch Paxton, ofLexington.The funeral will be held at thefamily residence on Duncan avenue,at 3:00 o'clock, this (Friday) afternoon, with services conducted byRev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of the ParisChristian church. The intermentwill follow on the family lot in theParis Cemetery, with committal services at the grave conducted by members of Bourbon Lodge No. 23, I. 0.O. :F. The pall-bearers will beHonorary Samuel Houston, HumePayne, S. L. Weathers, George K.Jones, Frank P. Kiser, Dr. C. F. Anderson, George H. Preston, W. F.Turner, Jos. M. Hall, B. M. Renick;Active W. T. Brooks, NewtonMitchell, D. C. Parrish, Dr. A. H.Keller, Geo. W. Judy, R. 0. Turner,J. D. Booth, Dr. J. T. Brown.SMEDLEY.The body of Mr. William Smedley, a former resident of this county,who died at his home in Chicago, onWednesday, April 23, was brought tohis old home in Millersburg, Tuesday,for interment in the MillersburgCemetery. Services were conducted'at the graveside by Rev. J. D. Redd,of Millersburg. The iall-bearerswere D. E. Clarke, E. Hurst, W.Saunders, W D. Wadell, C. W. Corrington, Dr. F. HerbertMr Smedley was a native of Nicholas county, havingbeen born itf Carlisle. He moved to Millersburg yearsago, where lie became engaged inbusiness with his brother, the lateJ. G. Smedley, in the dry good business. He later moved to Chicago,(where he maintained his residence tothe time of his death. He is survivedby his widow, two daughters, Mrs.William Curtin, of St. Joseph, Mo.,and Miss Mary Smedley, of Millersburg, one son, Mr. Harry Smedley,one sister, Mrs. Kate Forrester, ofChicago, and one brother, Mr. AaronSmedley, of Millersburg.WOOL WANTED.1We pay market price for yourwool. Sacks ready. We receivewool at both our North Middletown and Paris warehouses.CLARKE & YOUNG.(apr22-tf)A3PT0UNCES COMMENCEMENTMillersburg Military Institute willhold commencement exercises twoweeks earlier than was announced inthe catalogue. Having been quarantined until quite recently, the Cadetshave gone right on with their workwithout any break during the holidays not a case of the "flu" duringJ the whole year.vjuue a numuer oi ex-otiueis nopeto attend this year, among themCaptain Bain Morrison, of Lexington,who will talk to the boys Fridaymorning about his trip across seas.Prof. Kidd, of Lexington, will fur-' nish band for Field Day exercises,and Mrs. Margaret De Costa will furnish music for lawn fete and graduation exercises.Baby ChicksFor sale, Saturday, May 3, andMonday, May 5, at' 322 Main Street,Paris, Ky. (It)For SaleNice lot of tomato plants. Alsosweet potato plants of the Strausburgand Nancy Hall varieties.MRS. THOS. HERRIN,(It) 1835 South Main Street.9McCombs Road OilV-.. "Prom the time of the Roman Caesars it ha been; '; recogmixed that prosperity follows good roads. ".' I AHE high cost of material and the shortage of;' -- labor put a premium upon the preservation of;. J present equipment; and for the preservation of:good roads a gallon of oil is worth a bushel of labor..$ Imperative demands , of . the war period haveprevented adequate road maintenance, improvementand extension. The immense transportation problemof reconstruction requires that the arteries of trafficbe kept in good condition.Roads well oiled last indefinitely. A well-oiledroad is impervious to the .destructive forces ofnature and offers adequate resistance to the wearand tear of heavy traffic. ,i !'.:McCombs Producing & Refining Co.: i 1 PRODUCERS REFINERSr, TRANSPORTERS MARKETERSHigh Grade Petroleum ProductsAdequate Facilities Personal Service - rPrompt DeliveriesHBRAM RENICK, Pres., Inter-Southern Bldg.., Louisville, y.1 Tir r..StVf.-3i Producing Properties:.,3&till, Wolfe, Lee Countied, Kentuckyitr-i viww. ifiuwucaici. xvy,-Oam-(-?- Sales Office:: t Boatmen's Bank Building:, St. Louis, Mo.' Refinery: East St. Louis, 111.. ...INQUIRIES SOLICITED jtfiANNOUNCEMENTorOld Rosebud Oil& Gas CompanyParis, KentuckyHE OLD ROSEBUD OIL & GAS CO.,composed of Paris business men, announces to the publicthe perfection of its organiztaion, and the purchase of valuable oil and gas rights in Lee, Estill and Owsley counties; it alsoannounces the offering of a limited amount of stock at -25PAR VALUE $1.00We have made a location on one of our Lee County leaseswhich adjoins production, and which lays within a mile of theheart of the Big Sinking pool.For the consideration of the investing public we submit the following.Organization1The Old Rosebud Oil and Gas Company is a Delaware corporation capitalized at $500,000. The following directors have:been selected to govern the affairs of the corporation:O. L. Davis, farmer, Paris, Ky. 'Harry B. Clay, farmer and oil producer, Paris, Ky.W. C. Bell, farmer, Paris, Ky.Dr. C. G. Daugherty, physician, Paris, Ky.L. D. Harris, real estate broker, Paris, Ky.O. T. Hinton, attorney, Paris, Ky.Wm. Shire, jeweler, Paris, Ky.J. W. Young, stockman and farmer, Paris, Ky. ' - :-F. P. Thompson, oil producer, Lexington, Ky. ,, ,"W. W. Mitchell, banker, Paris, Ky.The officers are as follows:President Dr. C. G. Daugherty.Vice President Harry B. Clay.Secretary O. L. Davis.Treasurer W. W. Mitchell.Field Manager F. P. Thompson.Offices will be maintained in Paris, Ky. sHoldingsThe company has closed a deal for 146 acres within less thana mile of some of the biggest wells in the Big Sinking district ofLee County. Prospects on this lease look good for 50-barrel wellsat the least' We have made two locations on this lease and willmove a machine to it at once.. We also contemplate test wells on the 100-acre Gabbardlease near the present Hell Creek production in Lee County; also :on the Baker lease in the Ross Creek section of Estill County.We expect to close a deal shortly for some production in theBig Sinking district, which we are now negotiating.Stock Now 25c; Par Value $1.00( We reserve the right to withdraw stock from market at anytime without notice.)iOLD ROSEBUD OIL & GAS CO.(Incorporated.)PARIS, KENTUCKYHarris & Speakes, Selling AgentsParis, Kentucky?-.iiid'APPLICATION FOR STOCKOld Rosebud Oil and Gas CompanyIncorporated. . Paris, Kentucky: , I hereby subscribe f or . . : . : shares of capital stock of OLD EOSEBUD. OIL'GASCOMPANY at the present price of . . cents per -share, and herewith ten3er;;pay-'-: ment of $....:.;.:.. .as Settlement in full; h being understood that: the stock is fully' 'paid'and non-assessable, price subject to advance without notice. The1' company reserves thei right to reject or. issue in full or part with refund of excess paid. 4 : '.",,, T .,. 'Dated this. ?. day f -rata "!'''"l,fN!. i" BA" oignea. ........ . .;........., .w, v........ j; ' bSv.- ' ,v VpvIV' ' ' Address." ;... Y'v X ,,o:f J ' 1'I jlMaie.all checks payanleo the company. Check must accompany ;the applied . Jv.h v . - , i r i K - iv, . . -. . . .'..i:. -ihj i aiitsOtiaaaaai'aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaai:Mc: !! --- '-----V- rFRIDAY, MAY 2. 1919.THE BOURBON NEWS, EABIS, XEHTtTeryPAGEl((ffojfeft kFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEWOOL WANTEDWill pay highest marketprice. Sacks' furnished free.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(aprl8-tf)orKESH STRAWBERRIESFresh strawberries received directfrom the grower every day.(lt) C. P. COOK & CO.oATTENTION. ODD FELLOWS!The members of Bourbon Lodge. I.O 0. F. are requested to meet at theOdd Fellows Hall, at 2:30 o'clockthis (Friday) afternoon, to attendthe funeral of Bro. John J. McClin-tock.oPOTfflANS ATTEND QDISTBICTMEETING AT VERSAILLESAbout forty members of RathboneLodge No. 13 Knights of Pythias, ofthis city, attended the district meeting of the order, held in Versailleslast night, making the trip in automobiles. On account of the districtmeeting there was no regular meeting of the lodge last night.. oWAIST SEAM STYLESPlenty of desirable patterns hereat $30 to ?50.J. W. DAVIS & CO.. o :DE. MUTCHLER TO ADDRESSCLASS AT HIGH SCHOOLDr. Fred Mutchler, Director of theAgricultural Experiment Station atState University, at Lexington, willsiate university, a.u jucx-uigiuii, winconduct the class in agriculture at;v , TT.. ,. o,i i i.the Paris High School to-morrow,(Saturday) morning, at nine o'clock.This will be open to all Bourboncounty teachers who are preparingfor examination in the agriculturalcourse.' CARNIVAL DATE CANCELLEDFor reasons not made public theCampbell Carnival Company, whichwas scheduled to fill a week's engagement in Paris, beginning Monday,has cancelled its date, and will notappear here. A telegram from theheadquarters of the show instructedtheir advance man to gather up andship in all the paper, as the showwould pass up its date here. Noreason was assigned for the action.oDUNCAN AVENUE HOME 'SOLDThe handsome home at the cornerof Duncan avenue and Vine street,for years occupied by the late Mr.John Gnadinger and family, andlater the property of the late Mr.Robert J. Neely, has been sold byMrs. Neely to T. Hart Talbott andWm. G. Talbott, of near Paris, for$10,000, possession to be given inOctober. The purchasers will movefrom their country home, Mt. Lebanon, near Paris, and occupy thehome. This is one of the most convenient and most desirable homes inthat section of the city. Mrs. Neelyand her sister, Miss Ella Mitchell,will make their home in the futurewith their brother, Mr. Wallace W.Mitchell, on East Eighth street.oHELD CLASS PICNIC.The Fidelis Class of the BaptistSunday school will meet at thechurch Saturday afternoon at 1:30,and from there will go by autos andtrucks to the farm of Mr. J. W.Payne for an afternoon of fun andfrolic. The program will includethe "following:Hobhle-skirt race, 2:00 o'clock;cratf ramble, 2:20; hGop race, 2:40;bear- walk, 3:00; relay races, 3120;.heauty conteet, 3:40; frog promeaiade, 4:00; tug-of-war, 4:20; lunch,;00; quiet hour, 5:40; home, sweethome, 6:30.Every member of the class is urged to attend and to bring as guest aprospective member. The lunch willbe furnished by the losers in .the recent contest.oASK FOE BITTER'S SALT EISINGBREAD.When you go to your grocer ordealer ask them for Ritters salt rising bread, a local food made fromchoice pure materials.SITTER'S BAKERY.(25apr-12-t) '. oINSURANCE.Fire, Tornado, Lightning,Automobile and Hail.YERKES & PEED.(janl4-tf)"HEABTS OF THE WMtLD" ATPABIS GRAND KONDAY .An event in the local history ofmotion pictures, will be the presentation of D. W. Grimms "" "' ?masterpiece, "Hearts of the World,which will given 'its premier atthevGrand Gpsra House, Monday, -May.5. afternoon and night. . ' '"Hearts or the World" requiredeighteen months in the malting andmany of the scenes were taken onthe actual battlefields of France byMr. Griffith," with the -official aid andassistance of the British and FrenchGovernment -Mr. Griffith, hovever,is anxious to remove any WPismftrsion that "Hearts of the World isa war picture. It is, lie announces,primarily a love story, in which warfigures as the grim background.Prominent in the cast of "Heartsof the World" are the beautiful Gishsisters Lillian and Dorothy, RobertHarron, George Pawcett, GeorgeSigmon, and other weii-Known .pikers. Owing :to tfee-lenrth of jthe ven-.formance the curtain will risepromptly at-2:1 in -the, .afternoon,and 8:10 in the evening.SOCIAL A1W PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mrs. Sue Young is very ill ather home on Lilleston avenue.Mr. Barnett Winters attendedthe dance given in Lexington, Monday night.Mr. and Mrs. Lawrence Pricewere guests this week of relatives inEminence.Mr. John J. Lee, of Paris, was aguest of friends and relatives in Cynithiana this week.Mrs. John Mattox has returnedfrom a visit to her mother, Mrs. LouCurran, in Cynthia-na. "" vMiss Eleanor Newhall, of Aurora,Indiana, is a guest of her father, Mr.Jos'. Newhall, in this city.Mr. James Cumber, of nearParis, left Sunday for Denver, Colo.,where he will remain several .months.Miss Nettie Horton, of Montgomery county, is a guest of her sister, Mrs. Catesby Woodford, nearParis.Mr. and Mrs. A. J. Hardin havereturned to Paris from u visit to Dr.and Mrs. John A. Snowden, in Winchester. Mr. and Mrs. King Culbertsonhave returned to Cincinnati, after avisit to the latter's parents, Mr. andMrs. Thomas Farrow.Dr. John A. Snowden, of Winchester, was in Paris, Wednesday, tosee his sister, Mrs. Mansfield, who isa patient at the Massie MemorialHospital.Mrs. Perry McCord, who is apatient at the Massie Memorial Hospital, has about recovered, and willbe able to return to her home to-dayor to-morrow.Misses Mary Clay and SallieLockhart have returned from a win- "j " ua"i,i a-,. jji.and Mrs. E. F. Clay expect to returniirta : -.,,ir ortan iovr.ter's stay in. Eustis, Florida. Col.home in a week or ten days.Richmond Register: "Mrs. Jno.Walker McKinney. has returned froma visit to relatives in Paris and Lexington .... Mrs. Homer Kiser has returned to her home in Paris after avisit to relatives here."Mr. L. D. Harris is improvingslowly at his home on Walker avenue from, the effects of his recent accident. Mr. Harris says its nice tobe a "shut-in" in some respects, butbeing a man of active habits, helongs to be out again. yDanville Messenger: "Mrs. Sidney Rainey, of Paris, Ky., is theguest of her sister, Mrs. RobertBroyles, and Mr. Broyles, at theirhome near Mitchelsburg. Mr. andMrs. Broyles and their guest werein this city shopping yesterday."Tbe Lexington races have beena drawing: card this week for Bourbon county people, who have patronized the "sport or kings" in largenumbers. With little going on herein the amusement line the racesprove a strong inducement to the"home folks" for getting away fromthe monotony.Mr. and Mrs. Albert Wachs andMisses Verna and Ella Turpin motored to Richmond, Monday, to attendthe funeral and burial of Miss FreidaNewman. Miss Newman was adaughter of Mr. and Mrs. GeorgeNewman, formerly of Paris, wherethe former was in the employ of theLouisville & Nashville,Mr. Jos. M. Letcher, lately returned from the army service, has accepted a position on the reportorialstaff of the Kentuckian-Citizen. Mr.Letcher was formerly sporting writeron the Lexington Herald, and lateron the Cincinnati Enquirer and theColumbus, O., Dispatch. He is agraduate of the Paris High Schooland an experienced newspaper man. .THE NEWS acknowledges receipt of an invitation to attend thefollowing exercises: "The Facultyand Senior Class of the MillersburgMilitary Institute announce the Commencement Exercises, May fourteen'th to sixteenth, nineteen hundred and nineteen." The completeprogram will be published in thenext issue of THE NEWS: A cordialinvitation is extended by Maj. andMrs. Best to the public to be theirguests on this .occasion.COther Personal on Page 3.)O-r ' '-n 'CLIPPING BUREAU ESTABLISHEDHERE FOR RED CROSS.In compliance with instructions received from headauarters by thelocal chapter of the Red Cross HomeService and Civilian Relief, a clipping Bureau has been establishedhere and Prof. Lee Kirkpatrick,Superintendent of the Paris PublicSchools, has been appointed to takecharge of the same.Through this bureau every itempublished! In the local newspapersrelating to the work of the local RedCross is to be clipped, and filed forfuture reference". ' ' 'This ruling obtains -wherever thereis a chapter of Civilian Relief andTTome Service activity. -Miss' Mason Talbott is tne secretary of the Paris Chepter, and sheand her assistants are .kept busy .attending tp. Ti& many duties and obligations connected with the work.Through the courtesy of the Bourbon-AgriculturalBank.& Trust Comrxarxv n. room has been provided forrfu.ii'ho ftf.the Home Service iDepart-ment for more than a year, and theinformation and assistance which theworkers have been aoie xo give lu iaBfaSiltes.)and:frlends'of soldiers andsailors have,.been- most satisfactoryandheJofuL , . . . . .vTmSGS TO WORRY ABOUTThose who have the wherewithalto go to summer resorts will no doubtbe glad to read that the RailroadAdministration has decided .that withthe"passirig'of war' demands on theroads, reduced rates will be. given to-theni this" season. Now for the Sunday .excursions to Cincinnati, eh?SOCIAL EVENTS OF WEEKvBEAUTIFUL HOME WEDDING.FERGUSON McKINLAY."Arcadia." the handsome homeof Mr. and Mrs. Volney Wiheat Ferguson, on the Georgetown road, wasthe scene of a brilliant wedding onWednesday evening, when Miss Martha Hume Ferguson became thebride of Dr. Charles Miles McKinlay,of Englewood, New Jersey.The ceremony was performed byRev. W. E. Ellis, of the Christianchurch, in the presence of a largeand brilliant audience, members ofthe two families, and most intimatefriends. Mrs. William G. O'Fallon,of St. Louis, and Mrs. JamesWilliam Thompson, were the matronsof honor, and Miss Helen McKinlay,sister of the groom, and Miss Margaret Ferguson, were the bridesmaids. It was a rainbow weddingand the colors were very beautifullycarried out throughout every detailof the wedding. Killarney andOphelia roses, ascension lillies andlavender lilacs were used in profusion in the decorations. The hall andstairway were draned in ropes ofsmilax, aspargus plumosa and lilac.The drawing room where the ceremony was performed was beautifulin its decorations of baskets andvases of roses, with graceful streamers of asparagus plumosa a'nd smilaxover doorways and windows, palmsand potted foliage being bankedaround the mantel to form an improvised altar where the ceremonywas performed. The bride ancTbridegroom stood in the center and oneither side forming a rainbow, stoodthe attendants. The wedding musicwas played by an orchestra entirelyhidden from view by lovely flowersand foliage and the sweet strains ofmusic sounded and resoundedthroughout the lovely old home as- ., , ., ,.T -u pthough it came from the Nymphs of.some far awav fairyland. It was ascene long to be remembered by thosepresentPreceding- the bride came the ringbearers, little Miss Elizabeth Taylor,niece of the bride, and Master HumePayne Ferguson, young brother of thebride, both wearing dainty whitefrocks and carrying baskets of roses.The bride entered with her brother, Mr. 'Robert H. Ferguson, bywhom she was given in marriage.She is petite and very beautiful, ofthe bonde type, wore a wedding gownof ivory white satin, combined withEnglish wedding lace and net sleeves.The draped basque bodice was cut Vin the back and round in front andedged with orange blossoms. Thecourt train was fastened at theshoulders with orange blossoms. Thesatin skirt was made tight at thefeet, the drapery crossing at theback with fullness at the hips and anoverdress of the lace. The tulle veilwas worn at the face and arranged in a high comb effect in the backand adjusted with a narrow circuletof orange blossoms. She carried ashower bouquet of white sweet peasand valley lillies.Mrs. James W. Thompson wore alovely gown of green satin withflowing draperies of chiffon and carried an arm bouquet of roses andsweet peas. She was before her marriage the beautiful Sarah ElmoreChenault, of Lexington.Mrs. William G. O'Fallon, of St.Louis, wore a lovely gown of lavender satin and crystal beaded lace.She carried an arm bouquet of sweetpeas and rosebuds. Mrs. O'Fallonwill be remembered as the beautifulCora South Brown, -who frequentlyvisited Mrs. J. M. Hall, with hermother, Mrs. John Young Brown.Miss Margaret Ferguson was gowned in pale yellow satin, very gracefully draped in the same material,which was becoming to her fairblonde beauty.Mss Helen McKinlay, sister of thegroom, was very' handsome in agown of pink satin with flowing panels of chiffon of ttie same shade. Shecarried an arm bouquet of pinksweet peas and roses.The groom's best man was hisbrother, Mr. Harry McKinlay, ofNew York. The groomsmen were Mr.Charlton Clay and Mr. Hugh Ferguson. Dr. McKinlay, who is very handsome and attractive has but recentlyreturned from overseas, where hewas lieutenant in the U. S. A., buthas now returned to .the practice ofhis profession in New Jersey.The ceremony was followed by thewedding supper, which was served intwo delicious courses. The individual ices were moulded in the shapeof roses,' lillies, slippers and wedding.bells.1 ThA hridai table had for its central decoration the huge wedding'noire -wTncvh was decorated with a .graceful bunch of candied lillies,and from underneath streamers holding the emblems of fate were drawnby the wedding party. From thechandelier a shower of tulle and babyrosebuds finished the lovely centerpiece. Surrounding this wee silvercandlesticks bearing wax tapers, alternating with silver baskets ofsweet peas and maiden hair fern.Mrs. W. S. McKinlay, the groom'smother, wore a lovely gown of greysatin with flowing sleeves of chiffonof the same shade. The bride's motherwas gowned in lavender satin andchiffon. .. The wedding presents numberedseveral nundred and included a silver tea service, a chest of silver andsome rare -pieces., of bric-a-brac.The bride's going-away cubtuuu;,was of midnight blue with- hat- $omatch. . mL ...Dr and Mrs. McKinlay left . on themidnight train for two weeksstayof Proncii T.i oir Snrihks. and . fromthere they will- go tb New York. .The out-of-town guests ior iuwedding were: Mrs. W. S. McKinlay,Miss Helen McKinlay and Mt. HarryMcKinlay, of Englewood, N. J.; Mr.William P. Fogel, of BoBton; MissHarrie Spinks, of Newport; Mr. andMrs T. A. Hendricks, of Lexington;ikr ' o -Mm TStelson Gay. Mr.' andMrs. William Gay. Mrs. Mary GayJMr. anoivirs. 3iiiicj a.v. .-.,, -(Continuedon Page 8)SpringMillinerySpecials This WeekA host of new arrivals in every shape and color are gathered together for "Hat Week" an unusually attractive collection at very moderate prices.Leghorns and Milans ,Soft Rough StrawsLovely Transparent ModelsSport HatsChildren's HatsK-:SMART TURBANSJest the thing for a windy day are these trim, stylish, closefitting hats in the various suit shades.All Prices From $5.00 to $15.00HARRY SIMON224-2:28 West Main St., Lexington, Ky; 'Main Street, Paris, Ky.JTt"NTHE J.IMOTOR HEARSEEITHERPHONE"?ii' S.iTIxrffi-&ZOAMrs.. HomeloVer says:THE, J. T. HINTON GO.has the most complete stockfrom which to get yourFurniture, Rugs, Linoleums,Phongraphs anjd; Wall Paperand that they save you"money. She will tell yousome more next issue..".:.1. .-.. J-'iSriPT. HINTONMOTOR INVALID COACH UNDERTAKING36 . SIXTH AND MAIN STS.IXa- V. TV- i .A-i,!Kmviff AGE SIXTHE BOURBON HEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, MAY 2, 1919.THIS WOMANSAVED FROMAN OPERATIONBy taking Lydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound, Oneof Thousands of Such Cases.Black River Falls, Wis. "As LydiaE. Pinkham's Vegetable CompoundBaveu me ituju buoperation, I cannotsay enough in praiseof it. I suffered fromorganic troubles andmy side hurt me soI could hardly be upfrom my bed, and Iwas unable to do myhousework. I hadthe best doctors inEau Claire and theywanted me to havenn operation, butTvrKa E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound cured me so I didnot need the operation, and I am tellingall my friends about it" Mrs. A.W.Binzeb, Black River Falls, Wis.It is just such experiences as that ofMrs. Binzer that has made this famousroot and herb remedy a household wordfrom ocean to ocean. Any woman whosuffers from inflammation, ulceration,displacements, backache, nervousness,irregularities or "the blues" shouldnot rest until she has given it a trial,and for special advice write Lydia E.Pinkham Medicine Co., Lynn, Mass-liWIBAPORMER KENTUCE3ANS' HOLDREUNION IN CALIFORNIATo Patch Shoes.When a shoe becomes scarred ora piece is scuffed up from walking onrough ground, apply fresh mucilageand press down firmly with finger.After polishing you can't discover therent 3S&AST UPSET?Get at the Real Cause Take Dr.Edwards' Olive TabletsThat's whst thousands of stomachsufferers are doing now. Instead oftaking tonics, or trying to patch up apoor digestion, tliey are attacking thereal cause cf the ailment clogged liveriShd disordered bowels.Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets arouse theliver in a soothing, healing way. Whenthe liver and bowels are performing theirnatural functions, away goes indigestionand stcmaeh troubles.If you have a bad taste in, yourmouth, tongue coated, appetite poor,lazy, don't-care feeling, no ambition orenergy, troubled vIih undigested foods,you should talis Olive Tablets, the substitute for calomel.Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets are apurely vegetable compound mixed witholive oil. You will know them by theirolive color. The3' do the woxli withoutgriping, cramps or pain.Take one or two at bedtime for quickrelief, so you can eat what you like.At 10c and 25c per box. All druggists.S. fcvlAjKVaS4&Jr?fX$'WMQCanif''mYOUR LOOKSwon't be marred by the glasses wejfit. We take into consideration, theicontour of your face and the snapling of your nose, as well as givingtthe most scrupulous attention, toYOUR EYESWe have every improvement andfacility for the most careful examination and can. relieve and correctyour defective eyesight. Call to-day.(21mar-tf-F)BE. 0. L. PRYE,Eyesight Specialist,Paris. Ky.Drs. Coover & WatsonVETEBN ASIANS,Successors to Dr. H. M. Hamilton.) jBoth Phones 347.Office, Bourbon Garage.(15apr-lmo-pd) ,Farms For Sale227 acres, gently rolling, 3 milesfrom town, near school and church;good road, plenty water, very productive; 9-room house, large barn, finestock ; grain and tobacco land. $60.00per acre; some terms.'75 acres, some timber, land rolling,5-room house, barn 86x40, plentywater; $2,800.00.We have large list of well-improvedfarms, on 'good roads, near steam andelectric railroad, at less than half theprice asked for the same quality ofland south of the Ohio River. Write-as your wants.Hostettler & Francisv Henryville, Ind.According to information receivedhere through a. letter, former residents of Bourbon county, now livingin and around Los Angeles, California, held a pleasant reunion recently. Most of the number presentwere former residents of the Clintonville precinct. Among those whoattended the reunion were the following: Mr. and Mrs. James P. McDonald,Mr. and Mrs. Horace Benton, Mr. andMrs. J. B. Darnaby, Mr. and Mrs.Oscar Lindeberg, Dr. and Mrs. SidA. Donaldson, Mr. and Mrs". Gibson,Mrs. Carpenter, Misses Maude andJudith Carpenter, and Mr. and Mrs.Ike Cooper. They also had as guestsfor the day former Bourbon countypeople, Mr. and Mrs. Matt Taylorand Mr. and Mrs. Matt Turaey, ofnear Georgetown, who are visiting inthe vicinity of Los Angeles. Thereare many other Bourbon county people in Los Angeles and vicinity whowould no doubt have been glad ofan opportunity to mingle with thesefriends of old days, but they had 'notbeen located at the time the reunionwas held.oThe Joy Recipe 1Take CascaretsRegulate liver and bowels,and sweeten the stomachspend 10 cents and seeEnjoy life! Straighten up. Yoursystem is filled with an accumulationof bile and bowel poison which keepsyou bilious, headachy, dizzy, tonguecoated, breath bad and stomach sour.Why don't you get a 10-cent box ofCascarets at the drug store and feelfine? Take Cascarets to-night and enjoy the nicest, gentlest liver andbowel cleansing you ever experienced. Give Cascarets to the childrenalso, they taste like candy. Nevergripe but never fail. Sick, biliouschildren love to take this laxative.(adv)CAUSE OP HEADACHEBy knowing the cause, a diseasemay often be avoided. This is particularly true of headache. Themost common cause of headache is adisordered stomach or constipation,which may be corrected by taking afew doses of Chamberlain's Tablets.Try it. Many others have obtainedpermanent relief by taking thesetablets. They are easy to take andmild and gentle in effect.(may-adv)oAny married man can tell you thatthe fact that 'his wife can't drive anail doesn't keep her from alwayshaving her hammer out.Do You Enjoy life?A man in good physical conditionis almost certain to enjoy life, whilethe bilious and dyspeptic are despondent, do not enjoy their mealsand feel miserable a good share ofthe time. This ill feeling is nearlyalways unnecessary. A few doses ofChamberlain's Tablets to tone upthe stomach, improve the digestionand regulate the bowels is all that isneeded. Try it.(may-adv)According to a British authoritythere were at least twenty differentnoxious gases made use of in theworld war.Ige67v. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.5 "" 25 "" "" " T " "" .' 9HBB M MK mm B m .. a JaSend That Next Job of Printing to TheBourbon News. Best Work; Right Prices.iSSSUgSY. M. C. A. STATE CAMPAIGN,NOVEMBER 10.Kentucky's State-wide campaignto raise money for the extension ofY. M. C. A. work during 1920 will beheld the week of November 10. TheState objective, including State, foreign and other work will be $116,000. bv far the largest amount fiverasked by the State Association fromthe people of Kentucky for this work.The date of the campaign and theamount to be raised were decidedrecently at a meeting of the StateManaging Board in Louisville. Adinner was given, at the Wattersonduring the evening and the businesssession followed. Members of theState Staff of the Association werealso present.i-S-"'-..-AS-fc-3az'-FPi55gs-r3iieg;g- Bfa55ggggs5sgE sg 5J"LS'GRAND'.-AJJIIHHouse 1 Only rlOINDA Y and Night MAY 5f e-f K-- ' vjBK&$!BBBb&& .. '?teK8K?zX1mEettMfAi f aaa . 3lSLVG3UBLmL9i 4qk? sSSLmvLwsSSSs v 1mrKcM3Klk fcSKaff,' MLW'-mn't $K&iiSCii$&mLWBJrrPERFORMANCES START AT 2:10 AND 8:10 P. MThe Most Astounding Production of All TimeD. W. GRIFFITH'SSUPREME PRODUCTIONHearts EWorldA romance of the great war. Eighteen months in the making.Filmed on the battlefields of France, under the auspices of the Br itisand French governments.1,000,000 Fighting Men; 50,000 HorsesMILES OF ARTILLERY, FLEETS OF AIRPLANES, HUNDREDS OF GIANTTANKS, ALL IN ACTIONIf you don't see "Hearts of the World" you will miss the greatestachievement brought forth in the entire history of drama.Hij -'-, fryj .'':' ' 6r VIZ- ' 'it ','S? ,'&, s& iv'Mi'" Sjjx ..vsS ,s f5 .yy:'K,'"ft w ,?;,$IV M J '. ','BETTER THAN "THE BIRTH OF A NATION."A Large Symphony Orchestra will Perform a Brilliant Score at Each Performance.ggPRICESLILLIAN GISlLROfcEKPNIGHT: 50c plus war tax 55c; 75c plus war tax 83c; $1.00 plus 1war lax pi,iu; uoxes pi.ou pius war tax 3i.oo.MATINEE: 25c plus war tax28c; 50c plus war tax 55c; 75c pluswar tax 83c; Boxes $1.00 plus war tax $1.10.Intending patrons should make seat reservations well in advance toavoid disappointment Mail orders will be given prompt attention.Seats on sale at The Alamo Friday, May 2nd.e .- S-.jm-iJ5rS3 SJfeeg553SB isr,5a-.gGa-ggriHjEgS-iSdjjgiSIii'ggza;;Millersburg'sNewCreamStationA Real Market For Cream. No CreameryEver Gave the Satisfaction to Cream Producers That Sugar Creek Give Daily.BETTER SERVICEis wliat we expect to give you.Sugar Creek service is daily pleasing thousands of cream producters.Our method of buying cream is justas honest, man to man deal allaround. You see your cream weigedand tested, and take your check andcream bacw home with you. Nowaiting both will be ready whenyou are.Satisfaction and Profit is what wewant to give you. We are establishing a station in Millersburg for yourconvenience and want you to makeour market your market.ERA hI!$L'V-VU : ;" ' ' ; -" v v - -" '' '&xsz? "?r; "TTFtrrTZ "'"""?-t"' iv;AcriJ?v, V. flit .' H Tt $& 4 4t.&LA- UM" WIKBEmmJf-3'k& iJ-' iSS5.$'vT-" Ir utZmt:U&mm9Bmb&lftlE!?(kmT&- " T irmmLfLwkvBL1 Mtx$YflLmrMYM?wkmTHE ABOVE ISA PICTURE OF OUR LOUISVILLE PLANT.RememberCREAM PRODUCERSYou are greatly interested la theopening of a Sugar Creek CashCream Market in Millersburg. Weopened our market on Saturday,April 19 th, and are located in theSandusky rooms, on Main street.MRS. ITTCY DTSKOwill be in charge of our station, andwill be on the job all the time. Herevery effort will be devoted towardgiving you the Best Possible Service.Her reputation in your communityguarantees you a fair and squaredeal all around:Saturday, April 19thHEK3C9K33UWAS OUR OPENING DAYOPEN EVERY MONDAY, WEDNESDAY AND SATURDAYDRIVE TJP-r-WE'LE TAKE YOUR CREAM ER0M YOUR CAR OR BUGOY AOT) HAVE Y01JR CAN ANJ) CHECK REAI)Y POR YOU IK AVERY SHORT TIME. YOU ARE WELCOME IN OUR STATION ANY TIME WHETHER YOU HAVE CRAM OR NOT. MAKE OUR STATT0Nxvuk RhAWUARTERS WHEN IN MIELERSBURG. IEAVE YOUR PACKAGES IN OUR STATION; WE'LL .BE GLAD TO TAKE CARE OP1 'IJ'i; I .wiMVjjJ I I h.J, .fAVyTHEM E0R YOUSUGARCREAMERY CO.J.MRS. LUCY INSKO, OperatorMillersburg, Ky.il M-immmy'mmm-Gmm , m40 l A tiftWMtiaiBWWIWafcaiteFRIDAY, MAY 2, 1919.THE BOTJEBON HEWS, PABIS, 'EENTTiCKYGOV. STANLEY ISSUES CLEAN-UP-1WEEK PROCLAMATION.Gov. Stanley has issued the following "clean-up-week" proclamation:To the People of Kentucky, greetings: Whereas, the beauty, health andhappiness of the cities of this Commonwealth are all enhanced by cleanliness, and whereas, in order-that theattention of the citizens of this Statemay be specifically called to the dutyof lending every assistance towardimproving the sanitary condition ofsuch cities:"Now, therefore, I, A. O. Stanley,Governor of the Commonwealth ofKentucky, do proclaim the week ofApril 28 to May 2, inclusive, asState-wide Clean-up-Week, and earnestly request the co-operation of allgood citizens in this laudable endeavor. "In testimony whereof, I havecaused these letters to be madepatent, and the seal of the Commonwealth to be hereunto affixed. Doneat Frankfort, the 28th. day of April,in the year of our Lord, 1919, andthe 127th year of the Commonwealth."A. O. STANLEY,"Governor of Kentucky."JAMES P. LEWIS,"Secretary of State."By E. MATT KERR,"Ass't Sect, of State."-s-Constipated Children Gladly TakeCalifornia Syrup of Figs"For the Liverand BowelsTel your druggist you want genuine"California Syrup of Figs." Full directionsand dose for babies and children of all ages.who are constipated, bilious, feverish, tonguecoated, or full of cold, are plainly printed onthe bottle. Look for the name "California" 'and accept no other "Fig Syrup."KNEW A GOOD PAPERThe following occurence is vouched for by reliable young- people whoare students at the Paris City School:In. one of the classes the other daythe pupils were naming some of thegreatest things in their line in theUnited States. One pupil was askedto give the name of the best newspaper in Central Kentucky. Beinga good friend of her home paper,she very promptly answered: "THEBOURBON NEWS." We gTeatly appreciate the compliment ' and willgladly testify to this young- woman'sloyalty being of the 100 per centkind. We have no comment, however, to make on. her judgment.oPOR A SPRAINED AKKLB.As soon as possible after the injuryi received get a bottle of ChamberIain's Liniment and follow 'the plainprinted directions which accompanythe bottle.. ( may-ad v)ITS m LI ISITSHSYOURTO BESUME OLD POSTAGE RATESAFTER JULY 1.The Postmaster General has issued notice that the old system ofcharging domestic postal letter ratesto certain foreign countries will beresumed, effective July 1. Rates tothese countries and within thiscountry were raised November 1,1917. Domestic delivery rates inthis country also go back to the oldschedule on that date.-The foreign countries which willget a renewal of the domestic letterrates are England, Ireland, Scotland,Wales, Leeward Islands, Canada,Cuba, Mexico, Panama, Bahamas,Barbadoes, British Guinea, BritishHonduras, Dominican Republic,Dutch West Indies, New Zealand,Newfoundland and Trinidad. Tothis list also has been added theWindward Islands.'-oi n m i i ' 'TLEMON JUICEFOR FRECKLES IEXPENSEStepping on small pieces of hotmetal, walking on sharp chips of steel,standing in hot sand these, and otherharsh conditions of walking surface?,in a steel plant, have no apparent effect on Neolin Seles. So saya R. J.Dory, plant superintendent cf theSivyer Steel Csstin-j Company, Milwaukee, Wisconsin."The best oak tnnr.cd lethcr soleslast about three weeks under C12 abusagiven them in the fernery, while Ihae been wearing a pair cf NcGlinSoles for more than three ninths. Andto all appearances, tk:y are cs ctcutas when first put en my shoes ecysMr. Doty.Only Neolin Seles ecu reslct x:czrand abuse like this. They are createdby Science to be very tough end durable flexible End vaterprccf, tco.To reduce your own ehoe enpense, a..dto cut the family shoe bills, buy Nccansoled shoes. You can cct "ihein i.imany styles for men, i. cn.cn, zsidchildren.And have your worn shoes re-bottomedwith Neolin Soles. These longwearing soles are manufactured by TheGoodyear Tire & Rubber Co., Akron,Ohio, who also make Wingfoot Heelsguaranteed to outlast all other heels.Oirls! Make beautv lotion tore r. 1.1 ?4a few cents Try It!fleoJin SolesTrade Mark Eez. V. S. FL OS.Squeeze the juice of two lemonsinto a bottle containing- three ouncesfo orchard white, shake well, andyou have a quarter pint of the bestfreckle and tan lotion, and complexion beautifier, at very, verysmall cost.Your grocer has the lemons andany drug" store or toilet counterwill supply three ounces of orchardwhite for a few cents. Massagethis sweetly fragrant lotion into theface, neck, arms and hands each dayand see -how freckles and blemishesdisappear and how clear, soft androsv-white the skin becomes. Yes!It is charmless and never irritates.(aprl8-tf-F)0The ex-Kaiser's youngest son wishes to come to America. Don't allspeak at once in your desire to actas host during his visit.: OABOUT KHEUMATISMRheumatism causes more pain andsuffering than any other disease, forthe reason that it is the most common of all ills, and it is certainlygratifying to sufferers to know that4Tmn ia o T-ornnrllT- thnt. Will afford TeJ lief, and make rest and sleep possi-ble It is called unamoeriain s uui-iment. , v(may-adv)W-H-K-HInspiration Oil & Gas Co.1(Incorporated)Authorized Capital $300,Par Value $1.00 Per ShareOFFICERS.James Tandy Ellis, President. Adjutant General of Kentucky.Wheeler, Vice President. President A. F. Wheeler furnitureCompany, Lexington and Pans, ry.C. L. Hanks, Treasurer. Owner Special Shoe Company, Lexington. Ky.M. Don Frman, Secretary. Attorney -at -Law, Lexington, Ky.7V4 Inter-Southern Bldg., Louisville, Ky.Phone Main 886:Our Properties.A. F.170 acres in B Sinking district, "Lee county, adjoiningWright Oil Co's production andNational Refining Oil Co.' production on Flahaven tract: weare within 1,500 feet of 180-bbLwell and half-mile from Rexproperties. Rex stock has a market value of $230 par $18.Wright par value $1-00. Marketvalue $325.2,175 acres In Beaver Creek district of Knott county. Over 500acres are in absolute proven oiland gas territory, adjoining properties of Midas Oil and the Pennagrade Oil & Gas Co., who have contracted to furnish the city of Louisville with gas from this district. Wehave a market for gas at $80.00 permillion cubic feet at the well. Agas well is as profitable as an oilwell.f The management of this company is in the hands of men who cannot fX afford to permit their names to be connected with other than a rX meritorious enterprise. T4 We are offering a limited amount of stock at 80c per share, subject X4. to prior sale. After tfiis allotment is sold, stock advances to paivT Wire, Phone or Write for Reservations. !.Full Information on Request. - 4WAKNING-D0& OWEEHS !Owners of dogs should take warning from the fact that there is aState law that all dogs must beeither tied or confined from sundown to sun-up every night. Ifyour dog runs loose every night, youcan expect some one to kill it andstill do exactly what the law allowsand permits. A man has a perfectright to shoot a dog that runs aroundhis premises at night and the ownerhas no right in the law for recoursefrom the killing.DDES W SWELL AS EVERLoves To Get Up and Do HouseholdWork Since TakingMeritone"I get up anc Co my householdwork now, just as well as I ever didwhen I was at my best," said Mrs.Helen Barker, of 614 Virginia ave.nue, Knoxville, Tenn."Three weeks ago I was discouraged about my health. For a long timeI was in a run down condition. I lostall my energy and my householdwork seemed almost too much for me."My stomach was out of order andwouldn't digest my food right.Rapid Change."Three weeks ago to-day, I startedtaking Mertione."I've got a big fine appetite nowand I eat everything I can get myhands on and digest it perfectly."My strength and energy cameback, and as I said I love to get upand do my work, and I can do it aswell as I ever did when I was at mybest. ,"I'm glad to recommend Meritoneand have already written to some ofmy friends and advised them to getMeritone."Meritone is the tonic qf real meritthat hundreds of people are takingin all parts of the country. It hasno superior as a tonic and strengthened It is recommended for ailingconditions of the stomach, liver, kidneys or for catarrh, rheumatism,sleepslessness or lack of appetite.Meritone is sold exclusively inParis by G. S. Varden & Son.(may2-23)oFRENCH GIRL WANTS TO TEACHIN KENTUCKY.Superintendent of Public Instruction V. O. Gilbert is in receipt of aletter from Mademoiselle JeanneOlliver, of France, who wishes tocome to Kentucky to teach French.She is 20 years old and has had twoyears' experience teaching in France.She writes that she has a sufficient knowledge of the English language to express herself without difficulty. Superintendent Gilbert hopes to beable to secure a place -for her insome of the schools of the State.TAKE" ASPIRINWAS TALCUMTherefore Insist Upon Gen-,juine "Bayer Tabletsof Aspirin"-feAYSIM1HIH i1 I I ;;J IllmW- -Will Jil ii sTovpyrrndbagM, tidy red tin. 'SHHlUiJHMnM" 1 llllfi jlilllllllllllllllWfflfflinillllliMllllllilBlJSandom pound and half- IHH?jHn 3 I'.il' il Utnin OwnWkU0Amsand tin humid 'ore-and IKriHF'lft I ' llllll I llllllll!lll!llllliWlllllliniliiiL v.Ji'BLMkthat elany. practised pound Hi'lllllllilllllliiilllllllllln tUlWOiinryatal trlaim humido tttith tIHBiI Hu IIIIIIIIUIllflilJil.mongo moUtener top that S&ff&giSa SBSiv'l M M lllH t Mfl h4 M I HitfHB IhPB the tobacco in aueh .xtfflfttSftlSxi 'msW&W ' "llllllllllllllllllll lllllllllullllllllllllllllllllllllllllllPUT it flush up to Prince Albert to produce more smotehappiness than you ever before collected ! P A.'s built tofit your smokeappetite like kids fit your hands 1 It has thpjimdandiest flavor and coolness and fragrance you ever raaagainst!Just what a whale of joy Prince Albert really is you wantto find out.the double-quickest thing you do next. And, putit down how you. could smoke. Pe A. for hours withouttongue bite or. parchuigo Our exclusive patented processcuts out bite and parch.Realize what it would mean to get set with a joy'us jimmypipe or ,the papers every once and a while! And, puff tobeat the cards ! Without a comeback! Why, P. A. Is sogood you feel like you'd just have to eat that fragrant smokeiR. Jo Reynold Tobacco Company, Winttoa-Sakn N.CEqual Right, But No Favor.1 suppose," said a lacly to a trolley car conductor, "if I pay the farefor my dog he will be treated thesame as other passengers, and be allowed to occupy a seat?" "Of course,madam," the conductor replied politely. "He will he treated the same asother passengers, and can occupy asent provided he does not put his feeloo ittMake Use of OurTraction ExpressKy. Traction & TerminalCo.ifglfflBflEfffffllOne Ton FordWorm DriveStake BodyWrite for Our List ofUsed Truck SpecialsHaired P. KellyRERpBLlCaMOTOR LTRIJCKSLlill : t1010 Gilbtftl AveSJvCmctririaf ,CrfM.ii'JHiiii.QiTir'M'TitTrijTiHitiTruiiiiipriii?;?E3SMillions of fraudulent AspirinTablets were sold by a Brooklynmanufacturer, which later proved tobe composed mainly of Talcum Powder. " "Bayer Tablets of Aspirin" . thetrue, genuine, American made andAmerican owned Tablets are markedwith the safety "Bayer Cross."Ask for and then insist upon"Bayer Tablets of Aspirin" and always buy them in the original Bayerpackage, which contains proper directions and dosage.Aspirin is the trade mark of BayerManufacture of Monoaceticacidesterof Salicylicacid.(apr.4-tf-P-125)KjTwin Bros.Department StoreMain and 7ih Paris, Ky.New Dresses of Silk 'and Georgette . . $ 1 4,95 gSuits .Capes$25.00i$7.S5Skirts. .BlousesHats. ..Coats . ...$5.95..$1.49..$2.49$18.50Twin Bros.Here's the big work, littlecost tractor the TitanTHE Titan 10-20 has been on the market foryears, and has made good without reservation.; 10 horsepower at the draw bar 20 horsepowerat the belt.'A well-balanced tractor that is suited to all farmpower work. It drives easily, affords maximum puDing power for its weight, and is suited in every way tothe general run of farm work. Not too large for thesmall farm, yet large enough to handle a great volume, of work.Use it with an Oliver PlowWe recommend that you use an Oliver plow withyour Titan tractor because it means the best plowingunder all conditions. The combined rolling coulterand jointer buries all trash and weeds at the bottomof the furrow; the stop device maintains an even depthof furrow; the plow points enter and leave the groundfirst, making it possible to plow clear to the ends of thefield; and the trip rope control operates easily fromthe driver's seat on the tractor.We have a full line of Oliver plows as well as theATitan tractor here at our salesroom.C. S. BALL GARAGEf " J M4JVAv: v'BANKING BY MAILSAFE-PRIVATE and CONVENIENT''Warm. . L"wncB ; no odibci to uJ-ftr nUM. 4.k.r ' " T-f Hfpiioi ivjiaiDart of the flnuntrv unn tu.o. in.l, J.., -rtr .wnourfinarm to your door $nd furtfi3lMioreG2SwUl Daivrm A frit. AuAf -li t.. ...... .EVUMyiUXf ''-'irieiiwiinus. ihis is worthtoaSSP0"' a J from you will brlnTluiiftC.fhnuon oi our pian of "Banking by Mail."coVAii " "w 'oann m inaiana xcn.WUU&4OfndianapoJis..MSiRESOURCES Si"NEAJU.Y HALF A CIMUUION OOLLAHS .ITURY IN MKINEM1?1 ' -PHIH1!!ruMiiH-1:1Li1.iivt.-HimWTWmmmvwwm. "THE BOURBOH HgWS. FAMS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, MAY 2, 1919.fTHE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMOADMISSIONAdults Ticket 1 Sc; War Tax 2c-20cChildren Ticket 9c; War Tax 1 c-1 0cVABI, EIGHTTO-DAY, FRIDAYLI LA LEEv rThe Secret Garden'"Doa't ever -mind anybody," she told him. "I don't and so they.don't expect it from me." Bad advice ? Yes, but with it Iila Lee savedKim from death.PEARL WHITEih ""THE LIGHTNING RAIDER"s and Hearst News,TO-MORROW, SATURDAYMabel Normandin "SIS HOPKINS". i , - i-You've seen. Rose Melville play' "Sis Hopkins" on the stage andyou're one of millions that have' laughed at this famous story v that willneVer grow old. 'Mabel Normand is delicious as the girl who finds love in a barnyard and a fortune in a well, an& the picturization of Rose Melville's renowned classic forms the most delightful entertaining play of the season.Romance ? Adventue ? Thrill s ?Also Fox Sunshine Comedyand Current Events.At The Alamo Afternoon and NightMONDAY, MAY 5thinFrank Keenan"THE SILVER GIRL"After years of unrelenting toil in the waste places of Nevada, Jefferson Hunter finds himself a millionaire almost over night.Unwillingly bringing his young wife into the swirl of New YoTklife he almost loses his "Silver Girl."But with eyes wide-open to the snares and pitfalls of "Society"Anne Hunter decides that the best place is by her husband's side inNevada.Roscoe 'Fatty' Arbuckle ih 'Camping Out'and Wm. Farnum, In "The Sign of the Cross."MILLERSBURGj Mr. and Mrs. T. H. Thompsonreturned Monday after a few days'visit to relatives at Lexington.I If you want good flour, but theLexington. Maid, sold by R. M. Caldwell. It is one of the best on themarket.' Miss Nannie Clark has resignedJier position as a member of the facility of the Millersburg Graded Schooland -has been succeeded by Miss Sal-lie-Talbott, of Cynthiana."- .We have the Cream of LexingtonFlour, one of the best on the market.Try it. and you will want it again.; (2-Gt) RUFUS BUTLER.The remains of Mr. Wm. H.Smedley arrived from Chicago, Tuesday about noon and were interred in-the Millersburg1 Cemetery. Particulars of Mr. Smediey's death werepublished in last issue.The following invitations havebeen issued by the alumnae of theT"-iersburg College: "Alumnae Rea -m of Millershurg College, Saturday, May seventeenth, nineteen hundred and nineteen. Program at halfpast tea o'clock. Lunch at oneo'clock." No invitations have beenseafc-to the members in Millersburgand vicinity.Social Events of the Week.( Continued from Page 1.)Gay Prewitt, Mrs. Henry Jones, allof Winchester; Miss Elizabeth Hopkins, Mr. and Mrs. Earl Ferguson,Mr. and Mrs. Henry Herndon, Mr.and Mrs. A. L. Ferguson, Mr. andCharles Ferguson, Mr. and Mrs. Wm.K. Ferguson, Misses Elizabeth andLida Earl Ferguson, of Georgetown;and Mr. and Mrs. Reuben Offutt.The J j W. BrownRealty Co.Hasqnic Temple. 211 Main Street,Paris. Kentucky.List your Farms and City Property-with, us. Call on us if you have anything to dispose of at Public Auction.B. T. Phone 831. . (tf)MRS. THOMPSON'S' RECEPTION.Woodlawn Villa, the handsomecountry home of Mrs. James H.Thompson, was the scene Tuesdayafternoon of one of the most brilliantreceptions ever given in Bourboncounty. This was given in compliment to the new daughter-in-law,Mrs. James W. Thompson, and MissMartha Ferguson, a niece, whosemarriage to Dr. Charles Miles McKinlay, took place Wednesday evening. The house was lovely in all its appointments and had an added beautyin its bridal decorations, as it were,of lovely. roses, dainty maidens' hairfern and tulle. Mrs. Thompson,Mrs. James Thompson, Jr., Miss Emma Wuppleman and Miss MarthaFerguson received the guests in thedrawing room, the host wearing alovely afternoon gown of white satinand Chantilly lace. Mrs. JamesThompson; Jr., was dainty in a whitesatin gown draped from the shoulders in black and white chiffon.Miss Martha Ferguson was lovely inpink satin. Miss Wuppleman wasvery attractive in a French gown ofblack and white chiffon over a slipof white satin. Decorations in thisroom were baskets of Killarneyroses. vThe dining table had a lovely centerpiece of Venetian lace, holding abasket of Ophelia roses. Dependingfrom the chandeliers were streamersof white tulle to each corner, whereit was finished with small silver baskets of pink sweet peas. Openinginto this room with French doors isthe sun parlor where coffee wasserved. This table also had a lovelybasket of roses for its decorations.Mrs. Miller Ward, Mrs. Anna wasnington Clay and Mrs. Charlton Alexander, all . handsomely gowned, very graciouslypresided over the coffee cups,In the library at a rose decoratedtable two charming friends of thehostess, Mrs. Hiram MontgomeryRoseberry, of Pains, and Miss SallieAlexander, of Louisville, presidedover the punch bowl.Those who assisted in entertainingwere: Mrs. Jos. M. Hall, Mrs. V. W.Ferguson, Mrs. A. B. Hancock, Mrs.William G. O'Fallon (St. Louis), MissHelen McKinlay (Englewood, N. J.),Miss Caroline Roseberry, Miss LucyHall Ferguson, Mrs. Henry Judy;Mrs. Ray Taylor and Miss CarrieAlexander.A delicious salad course was served, consisting of frozen fruit saladon hearts of lettuce, beaten' biscuit;chicken patties and pink and whiteconfections. An orchestra playedduring the afternoon and more thanvtwo hundred guests were entertained,during the hours, from three to five.of :m i mivw 1 " ' A Flavor for 1 1; : t y Qvery tastel K I oLL sealed air-tight andEM I mpurl&'PTQQt in the wax- 1b I wrapped safety packages.pT.i ' Be sure to set&WRIGLEY5 II A, because "" is supremeIf K in quaiity I1 1 I Tfe Flavor Lasts IIIMATRIMONIAL.4RUPP GRAY.The marriage of Miss AlphaRupp, of Harrison, Ohio, and Mr.George W. Gray, of Maysville, wasrecently solemnized in the parlors ofthe Phoenix Hotel, in Lexington,Rev. I. J. Spencer officiating. Theysecured a marriage license in Parisand proceeded to Lexington, wherethe ceremony was performed.The birde's sister, Mrs. JosephHouston, of Lexington, and Mr. andMrs. Ihos. Cook, of Maysville, werethe attendants. After a short bridaltrip, Mr. and Mrs. Gray returned toMaysville to reside. Mr. Gray is inthe tobacco business, and is wellknown in Paris.AAA ARELIGIOUS.Rev. M. P. Rankin, of Louisville,will fill the pulpit at the Paris Baptist church Sunday morning at 10:45and at 7:30 Sunday night.The Christian Endeavor of thePresbyterian church will meet Sun-lday evening at 6:30. Subject, "Service." Leader, Mr. Vernon Stamper.On account of the funeral of Mr.John J. McClintock, the meeting ofthe Missionary Circle and the C. W.B. M. of the Christian church,scheduled for this afternoon, will bepostponed until next 'Tuesday afternoon at three o'clock.The Christian Science Societyconducts service every Sunday at11:00 a. m. and 7:30 p. m., in theMasonic Temple. The subject fornext Sunday is "Everlasting Punishment." Everybody cordially invited,to attend. The Society also holds tservices at the same place every Wednesday evening at 7:30.The congregation of St. Peter'sEpiscopal church, of this city, hasextended a oall to Rev. Dr. R. J.Tucker, of New York, to tak chargeof the pastorate at this place for theensuing year. Dr. Tucker has butrecently returned from overseas,Avhere he served eighteen monthswith the 27th (New York) Division,and was cited for gallantry in action.The enlisted men of the regimentwere very high in their praise oftheir chaplain, and it was in considering his record that the Parischurch made their offer. He hastaken the call under consideration,but has made, no response to it yet.HUGHES HICKS.Miss Lina Hughes and Mr. Robt.Hicks, both of Fayette county, weremarried at the residence' of the officiating minister, Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of the Paris Christian church.The bride is d daughter of Mr. Geo.Hughes, residing on the Georgetownpike, and Mr. Hicks is a son of Mr.and Mrs. George Hicks, residing inFayette county. After congratulations and good wishes, the happyyoung couple left for a short weddingtrip. They will go to housekeepingin a home on the Liberty pike, inFayette county.B-4 PIREInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,AgtsBIRTHS.In this city, to the wife of Mr.J. W. Shearer, of Clifton avenue, ason, christened Ussery BrownShearer.In this city, to the wife of Mr.Clyde Rowland, a son. Mrs. Rowland was formerly Miss MargueriteTaylor, of Paris.WOOL WANTED.Will pay highest market price.Call, get sacks and twine. Sacks furnished free.R. B. HUTCHCRAPT & CO.(22-5t) "Bring UsYour Cream!- Regardless of competitors' prices, we willpay MORE.BusyBeeCashStore(may2-4w)TMargaret MatzenauerPhenomenal Prima-Donna ContraltoMETROPOLITAN OPERA COMPANYWho3e Tonal Powers Encompass the Range of the, - Human VoiceLexington Opera House, Lexington, Ky.,Friday May 9th, 8:15 P. M.Auspices Lexington Cdllege of MusicAnna Chandltr Goff, DirectorMail orders received NOW. Seats on sale at Ben Ali TheatreBox Office beginning May 5th. Prices $2.75, $2.20, $1.65, $1.10,75c, war tax included.Go-to-Sunday-School-Sunday.Next Sunday morning, May .4,every man. woman and child inBourbon county is hereby solicited toattend Sunday school at some place.A thorough canvass of the entirecommunity is being planned, and ifany are overlooked, they are earnestly urged to come, any way.The mark has been set at a high,iigure, and it is the duty and privilege of everyone to help attain it.Special programs are being arrangedby many of the Sunday schools, andevery effort will be put forth to getyou interested in the most delightfulphase of church work. Come to Sunday School next Sunday, May 4.Christian Chnrch CalendarSunday, 9:30 a. m. Bible School.Sunday, 10:45 a. on. Morningservice.Sunday, 2:30 p. m. Junior En-;deavor Society.Sunday, 2:30 p. m. Church BoardMeeting.Sunday, 7:30 p. m. Christian Endeavor Meeting.Sunday, 8:00 p. m. Sacred SongService.Tuesday, 7:30 p. m. Final Rehearsal for "Rose Maiden."Wednesday, 3:30 p. m. TriangleClub Meeting.Wednesday, 8:00 p. m. PrayerMeeting Service.Thursday Mission Circle all-daysewing at Red Cross rooms.Friday, 7:30 p. m. Rendition of"The Rose Maiden."Friday, 7:30 p. m. Rendition of"The Rose Maiden" at North Mid-dletown.The reason nature doesn't allot usmore than three score years and tenBUY NOWvYour New Spring Footwear!ir 25bv -o'i 'We offer tomorrow thesame great values, thesame stylish footwearat the same low pricesthat broke all records for volume of business done in the past few weeks.Enormous Purchaseshas resulted in the acquision of the greatest selection of high grade footwear,combining as it does elegance in footwear at extremely low prices. Shophere Saturday and be correctly shod for Spring at almost one-half the cost.Ladies9 Patent and Brown KidPumpsd&&and OxfordsWALK-OVERSAt SpecialLow PricesJ tit fKmrSLadies Patent Kid Oxfordsand PumpsLadies Dark Tan ExglishOxfords .'$3.49Men's Tan English Oxfords,Walk-Overs, atMen's Gun Metal EnglishOxfords, Walk-Over.$5.00$3.50.Misses' and Children's Shoes and Slippers at Extremly Low Prices!DAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy Reign1-1- 1ffri. ivv .C-lM.1V1JmB-is that we might find out too much.