'&I.'THENEWSJr14',.'XPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRF' Of EN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JANUARY 21, 1919BOURBONCITIZENS AND COUNCIL AFTERPAEIS WATER CO.Patrons of the Paris Water Company were greatly displeased whenin their mail a few days ago they received a communication from theWater Company notifiying them thata raise of 'fifty per cent, in waterrates would be put into effect in thtnear future, but many were reallyindignant when they read that a further ten per cent, raise would be added to their bills in the future as a"war tax."The Paris Water Copipany has beenoperating for a considerable timewithout a contract with the city, theproposed contract, which was submitted to a vote of the people of .thecity, being rejected last year.Paris citizens say they have beensorely tried by the actions of theWater Company for a number ofyears. At numerous .fires, the forceof water, it is said, was not sufficient to throw a stream, of water intoa seco-nd story of business houses.Numbers of families have been afraidto use it for drinking purposes without first boiling it thoroughly. No-tfthat the dam, which acted as a natural reservoir to hold back a supplyof water, has been practically washedaway, there is every reason to believe that the people of Paris are ofthe opinion that the condition as toa water supply here next summerwill be a serious matter, should adrouth prevail.Mayor January and mejmbers ofthe Board of Council have been overwhelmed with complaints from citizens during the past few days, andthey all demanded that somethingbe done. The Mayor appointed acommittee composed of CouncilmenMerringer, Veatch and Kiser to takethe matter up with the Water Company, which they did in a lengthycommunication. Owing to a lack ofspace and pressure of advertising onour news columns in this issue THENEWS has deferred publishing thecommunication.USTEE FABM SALE TO-MOBBOW,WEDNESDAY, JAN. 22.The Fred Fister farm, on the NorthMiddletown pike, containing 212acres, will be sold at public auctiontomorrow, at 10:30 a. m. It willbe sold in two tracts and then as awhole. No. 1 contains 130.02 acresvith. residence and all outbuildings1:No. 2 contains 82.38 acres, good tenant house with five rooms and newflfteen-acre tobacco barn. Liberalterms. (It)THIS IS NO-ACCIDENT WEEK ONL. &N.By the afternoon of January 19,approximately" two hundred andthirty thousand (230,000) railroadmen South of the Ohio and East ofthe Mississippi rivejs will have signed a pledge to" go seven days, if possible without sustaining a personalinjury.The week beginning January 20thhas been designated by the RegionalDirector of Railroads as "No Accident Week" and according to a statement issued to-day by C. M. Anderson, Regional Supervisor of Safety,Southern Region, the lines under hisjurisdiction approximately total thirty six thousand (36,000) miles withtwo hundred and thirty thousand(230,000) men and women on thepayrolls.Back of this army of industrialworkers, who have decided to eliminate personal injuries, are threehundred and fifty safety committees,composed of both officers and employees working under regulationsprescribed by the United States Railroad Administration.According to the employees themselves, who are taking a keen interest in it, says Mr. Anderson, "NoAccident Week" is bound to give abig impetus to their safety work.The test is something- concretesomething which they may attaindefinitely as a result of their efforts.This is causing considerable revalryamo-ng the roads and the men saythat the psychological effect uponthe rank and file of employes of being trus placed upon their mettle,together with the knowledge thateven for a week, they must preventactual suffering or grief to any number of employees or their familiesmakes "No Accident Week" wellworth while.Daily reports will be compiled bytelegraph of progress made on everyrailroad in the South so that everyemployee will be advised as to whatis being accompiisnea.LOUISVILLE GLASS PLANT SUFFERS A $165,000 FIRE.THE TOBACCO MARKETS.Ninety-one cents a pound was paidfor Mason county tobacco in Maysville, Friday. It was the highestprice ever paid on that market. JohnAllen, a negro tenant farmer, raisedand sold the crop, which was purchased by one of the Reynolds buyers, who declared that it was thebest tobacco he had seen in fortyyears of buying experience.New buyers now operating onthe Paris markets are C. H. Cozart,of Creedmore, North Carolina, andN. F. Fulton, of Winston-Salem,North Carolina.During the past week the BourbonTobacco Warehouse Company sold atotal of 1,096,805 pounds of tobacco, for a money value of $453,103.29, a floor average of $41.31.From the opening of the season todate the sales have aggregated 3,125.615 pounds, which brought in amoney value of $1,173,546.50, a flooraverage of ten cents a pound nignerthan one year ago.No report was available from theIndependent House. Available figures presented by both houses showthe Paris market has sojd so far during the season a total of more than5,000,000 pounds of tibacco, anddistributed among the farmers moneyto the value of more than $2,000,000.Many crops of tobacco are beingAKBESTED ON CHARGE OF EMBEZZLING' GAS FUNDS.Charged in a warrant with- embezzling funds of the Paris Gas &Electric Co., amounting practicallyto $1,168.81, Mr. Julian Howe,bookkeeper, was placed under arrestyesterday afternoon, by Deputy Sheriff Ollie Marshall. The warrant wasissued at the instance of a bondingcompany, and the affidavit was swornto by Mr. C. L. Steenbergen, Superintendent of the Company.1 Mr.Howe, when placed under arrest,asked to be allowed to go to Carlisle to consult relatives there, whichrequest was granted. Accompaniedby .Sheriff -Marshall, Mr. Howe madethe trip, and" returned to Paris about6:30 o'clock.Mr. Howe has been bookkeeper forthe Paris Gas & Electric Company forseveral years, and has had access tothe Company's records. He hadbeen, a valued and trusted employe ofthe company. It was understood lastnight that the shortage, if there wasany,' 'would he made good and allleg"8V proceedings would be stopped.rLOCAL HEALTH BOARD FINDSCdNDITIONS SATISFACTORYIN THE SERVICE OF THEIRCOUNTRY.Ensign G. B. Fishback, stationedin the Aviation Section of the navy,at Pensacola, Florida, is visiting hissister, Mrs. Clyde Huffman, in thiscity.Sergt. Richard P. ("Rick") Thomas, former Parisian, and for a longtime a member of the State FireMarshal's office force, has returnedto his home at Mt. Sterling. He hasbeen in France with the AmericanExpeditionary Forces, and has received his final discharge papers.Although the influenza cases inthe county have grown to largenumbers and the situation there ap-sent to the Paris market from other i -pears serious, here in Paris, accordcounties and districts, owing to thehigh prices being obtained at thelocal houses.The Louisville, Ky., branch of theIillinois Glass Company, of Alton,Illinois, was destroyed by fire Saturday with a loss of $165,000. Of thissum $100,000 represents a stock ofbottles and glassware in the company's store rooms. Defective wiringis believed to have been responsiblefor the fire, which started on the second floor of the building at Secondand Main streets and spread rapidlyto the upper stories through an elevator shaft. sFRAN K& CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSCLEARANCESALENOW GOING ONCrop of one and one quarter acrescrop of one and one-quarter acresof tobacco, raised by Robert, Hollisand Edward Dalzell. young so-ns ofMr. and Mrs. Clifton Dalzell, of Lit-?tie Rock, was sold on the Paris market last week for $1,047.72. Thisis considered a record price for acrop of tobacco raised on that limited amount of land.:J.iSpecial Prices OnSHEETSSHEETINGBLANKETSCOTTON BATTSFor ComfortsExtra Special PricesSUITS'.'-' r COATS' '" ' and DRESSES : " ' .. ?" REMNANTS OF ALL KINDS .'T ,FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSThe Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCqmpany held another record-breakingsale yesterday, when a total of275.115 nounds of tobacco, sold, onthe floors for a total of $129,068.11,71an averatre of $46.90. Tne quality 01Mi a offeriners was good and the demand eaually so. as evidenced by the,crop averages, some of which follow:Payne & Williams, 2,830 pounds,average $54.27.C. D. Wilson & Rankin, 3,725pounds, average $47.57.J. H. Fisher & Speakes, 6,705nminds. average $28.81.Mann & Graville, 2,755 pounds,pounds, average $43.44.Y. B. & U. C Laughlin, 2,690pounds, average $51.69.Wv H. Early wine, 3,580 pounds1,average $44.74.. .. y,x . &Alexander & Turner, 7;340 pounds,average $58.36.Hancock & Gragg. 3,155 pounds,average $37.64.Jas. Caldwell, 370 pounds, average $41.77.Harry Craft, 1,060 pounds, average $44.23.Collins & Bishop, 3,350 pounds,average $59.91.Ardery & Fookes, 3,220 pounds,average $53.95.W. S. Cantrill, 620 pounds, average $42.64.I tt nr nrn.niAK Q QQrt nnnniiR. av-erage $48.94 .Sam Arnold, 1,540 pounds, average $39.37.Oliver Wagoner, 745 pounds, average $54.73.Wagoner & Brannon, 2,510 pounds,average $52.81.John Arnold, 3,67 5 pounds, average $48.21.Woodford & Garrison,. 3,355pounds, average $36.63.G. H. Sewell, 2,495 pounds, avererage SS4.15.J. W. Connell & Patterson, 4,805nniiTirlc nvprnpfi 34.05.Hancock & Smith, 2,310 pounds,a.vArfl.Cfi $70.04.T. J. Craft, 1,450 pounds, average $37,54.T." J. Craft, 1,450 pounds, average $37.54. 3Ardery & Offutt, 2,050 pounds, average $31.84.Heathman & Snapp, 4,155 pounds,average $37.15.Hall & Roher, 4,545 pounds, average $46.82. n .Caldwell & Martin, 7,820 pounds,average $63.11.Jones & Myler, 5,695 pounds, average $40.94. . . .Burke, Brent & JNapier, i,voopounds, average $56.85.Woodford & Riggs, 10,835 pounds,average $48.96."Leach. Bannister & Son, 6,1 Ubpounds, average $62.92.. Woodford & Chestopper,pounds, average $62.92.MftHnv. Mason & Guess,pounds, average $45.42.Current & Douglass, 2,45 o pounds,average $52.33. -Scott & Mahoney, 1,795 pounds,average $51.33.Shannon & Clay, 2,485 pounds, av-erage $61.11.Linville & Son, 2,740 pounds, av-erage $56.88.Scott & -Shanks, 920 pounds, average $36.34. ,Palmeter"& McCann, 1,715 pounds,average $52.65.Grimes & Johnson, 5,250 pounds,Woodford & Long. Jr., 1,365 pounds"mSftHill. 3.915 pounds, -trouchi'swine,2.050 pounds.aTS3SeSr1-"Honer. 2.690 pounds."S3S. sSk. 10,855 pounds, av-"erage $51.34.-Popd Wilson & Monkle,ing to the Health Board, matter arenot .50 bad. The influenza, whilestill with us, is in a mild form, andther has been nothing near the epidemic stage it assumed some weeksago. ' VAt a meeting of the Board ofHealth, held Sunday afternoon, everyphase of the situation was carefullysifted over and discussed frojm everystandpoint. The conclusion arrivedat was that the situation here wasvery good, and that there was nothing in it to cause alarm. No banwill be placed on, as had been rumored. The Board urges the public touse the Mayo-Rosenow serum, as apreventative of pneumonia, which, inmany cases, has followed semi-recoveryfrom the influenza, and to observe all the necessary regulations.The Board strongly urges the peopleof the city to observe the anti-spittingordinance as they have foundthat spitting on the floors in publicplaces and on the pavements of thecity has always been a most fruitfulsource of spreading the disease.Private Sparks Wilson, who wasone of the first Bourbon county boysto enlist in the army at the beginning of the war, has returned home.He has been stationed a largepart of the tipie in Texas, near theMexican border, but- had recentlybeen transferred to Fort Riley, inKansas. He was accompanied homeby one of his comrades.in Lexington, has returned to hishome in that city, having receivedhis final discharge papers. YoungBrannon enlisted last June, and,on the transport Susquehanna, madthe voyage to France and Italy fourtimes with American troops.Sailorman E. F. Tackett, a formerresident of Millersburg and Parte,was a guest recently of his parents,Mr. and Mrs. Charles D. Tackett, andother relatives in this city. Tacketthad been stationed" on. the U. ST. S.Roanoke, engaged in mine-layingwork in Scottish waters. He returned to Newoprt News, Ya., to join hisshipmates on the Roanoke.Lieut. Fielding Rogers, "has returned' to his duties at Camp Merritt, in New Jersey, after a shortvisit to his parents, Mr. and Mrs.Warren Rogers, near Cane Ridge.Lieut. Rogers had been detailed totake charge of a detachment of threehundred men from the camp who areto be mustered out at Camp Taylor.On his way back he stopped over atthe home of his parents a few days.Addressing approximately 7USmejmbers of local draft boards - iathe State, members of the IllinoisSelective Service Association at Ckicago, Maj. Gen. Enoch H. Crowdardeclared "that after a year and ahalf of experience it is now generallyconceded that the plan of the selectve service system was fundamentallysound.""This war could never have beemwon by armies raised exclusively jthe volunteer system," he said. "Germany completely misunderstood tfccapacities of our citizenship. Notonly was our organized plan, effectivewithin six weeks from the day ofthe declaration of war, but theproduct of the selective service system showed equally well with thevolunteers in their moral fiDer tofight."EEV. RICE RESIGNS . PASTORATEAt the morning session of theParis Presbyterian church Sunday,Rev. J. J. Rice, who-has been pastorof the church about eighteen months,tendered his resignation, to take effect on March 1. The resignation,which was not unexpected, was accepted. Rev. Rice came to Paris from theNicholasville church, which pastorate he had held for several years,and in the short time he has beenhere has worked earnestly for thecongregation, and for the interestsof the church. He is a remarkablystrong pulpit orator, and has manyfriends here who regret his leaving.His reasons for ' resigning were notmade public. Rev. and Mrs. Ricewill go to Harrodsburg, March 1,where Rev. Rice will take charge ofthe congregation of the Presbyterianchurch.0DESIRABLE BRICK BUNGALOWAT PUBLIC AUCTIONGo to the sale on January 21 ofthe Thomas McDonald residence at1219 Main street. Modern in everyrespect. Buy it if you want a comfortable home.HARRIS & SPEAKES, Agents.(14-3t)oDEFECTIVE WIRING CAUSES SECOND EIRE IN SCHOOL.One of the same cause, defectivewiring in the attic of the ParisCatholic school, at the corner ofMain and Twelfth, an alarm fromBox 31 called the department to thebuilding for the seco-nd time in thepast few days. The fire was quicklyextinguished with but slight property loss.Mr. John Ardery, who has beenengaged in chemical research workfor the government at the EdgewoodArsenal, near Baltimore, Maryland,has arrived on a furlough for a visitto his parents, Mr. and Mrs. S. S. Ardery, and, other relatives in this city.Mr. Ardery recently sent THE NEWSa copy of the Baltimore Sun inwhich appeared an article describing the work at the Arsenal, whichis said to be one of the biggest plansof the kind in the world.Another of the "Bourbon CountyMisfits," as they called themselves,those Bourbon county boys who wentto conquer the wild and wooly West,has arrived at Camp Taylor. Mr.Barnett Winters, of Paris, received amessage Sunday from Fred Miller,recently manager of the Harry Simonstore in this city, .announcing, hissafe arrival at Camp Taylor, after along overland journey from thearmy cantonment at Vancouver,Washington. Fred expects to be mustered out of the service and returnto Paris very soon. He has companyat Camp Taylor Jakier Saloshin,who fs also awaiting his "ftiraFdfs-'charge papers.Leo C. Brannon, former Paris boy,son of Mr. and Mrs. Thos. F. Brannon, formerly of Paris, now residingCorporal James-Ford Fithian, ofParis, stationed at Cafmp Lee, Va.,writes THE NEWS, in orderingchange or address, as follows:C. P. A. D."Training Center,"Camp Lee, Va.,"Jan. 16; 1919."While at home the company wasconsolidated with some other troopsand the company re-named, so willthank you to send THE NEWS to theabove address in order that I mightnot miss a copy."I will not attempt to write a let-ter this time, as there is nothing ofimportance to relate. However, thefollowing lines express my sentiments better than anything I knowof:"Oh! how I want to get out of thearmy,Oh! how I hate my prison cell.When I think it's time I movedThen I hear I'm disapproved.You've got to stay inYou've got to stay inYou've got Xp stay in the army.Some day I'm going to murder aColonel,Some day I'll tell him tov go to hell.I cannot see the urgency x 'Of stetching this emergency.And tell the rest of the boys farewell." Very truly yours,JAMES F. FITHIAN.WE KNOW HOW4,6752,525."Ji -,.. JtBurries & Fleming, 5,620 pounds,average $47.18.R. H. Boardman, 2,005 pounds,averasre $48.44.Carterson & Carmachial, 3,340pounds, average $60.20.J. W. Ray, 3,730 pounds, average$40.21.Offutt & Biddle, 4,010 pounds, average $42.14.Collins & Collins, 1,715 pounds,average $30.96.Brown Bros., 4,500 pounds, average $46.65.Burris & Sexton, 3,635 pounds, average $60.64.Brennan & Gay, 2,250 pounds, average $53.26.Meteer & Ginn, 2,340 pounds, average $54.12.H. S. Fletcher, 495 pounds, average $5"9.00.nn-.mnA jp, T?itrViPr 2.115 nounds.n.vAra.ffe S57.07. . iTrabue & Monson, z,zmm pounab,average $48.53.Clay & Eldridge, 5.070 pounds,. Wagoner & Son, 2,990 pounds,average $47.87.Grant & Galloway, 2,02o pounds,average $53.49.G. Pence, 2,635 pounds, average$34.12. - ,R. P. Ray, 3,630 pounds, averageBurries & Fleming 5,620 punds i rh & Osborne, 3,780 pounds, av-475WINTERHAS JUST BEGUNAnd to be comfortable and warm you muttthe right kind of clothes. Our Suits and Overcoatsyou will find to be excellent values for$30.00"-V $35.00 v :$40.00All wool garments that will stand the wear and tearthat winter time weateer brings on clothing wornoutdoors.Protect Your FeetFrom Ice and SnowBy wearing Dr. Reed's Cushion Sole Shoes, madewith an invisible cork sole that not only makesyour feet feel comfortable, but keeps the dampnessout and protects them from the cold.$9.00 PER PAIRNettleton Fine Shoes in winter weights, calfskins and kids, $12.00 per pair.nounds. average $56.67.LvP.rae $56.87. '- - - erage $42.38.MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE"iJm."VJ 1'- ItT ' f -tf "- ""TARE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PABIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, JANUAHY 21, 1S19.xmBOURBONNEWSXstablished 188137 Years of Conturaous Publication3hblish.ed Every Tuesday and PridayPar Year. .$2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Adarance.IWIBT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.Pkitered at the Paris, Kentucky,Pottoffice as Mail Matter of theSeoond Class.)Any erroneous reflection upon thetfrnTwrter. standing or reputation ottxtf person, firm or corporation whichwmj appear In the columns of THEBUHBON NEWS will be gladly corrected if brought to attention of thedltor.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, fl.00 perInch for first time; 50 cents per inchaaoh subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineach Issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andatmllar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemeats -and yearly contracts.The riglit of publisher is reseivedto decline any advertisement or othermatter for publication.Announcements for political officeseast invariably be accompanied bytho cash.EDITORIAL MUSINGS.The Telephone.The telephone is the most stubborn of all the forms of mechanicallife. What the mule is to the anipialworld the telephone is to the worldof science and invention.As a purveyor of good news it isa failure. As a disseminator of badnews it is a regular old gossip; infirt, a whole sewing circle.I am relating only my own experience with the telephone. Othertelsphon.es may babble good luckday and vnight. Mine is a pebblelessDemosthenes so far as good uck isconcerned, but when it comes to peddling out gloom it is as voluble as acolored minister at a funeral. Itchatters incessantly and repeats itsbad news over and over again.As a- peddler of preverseness it is101 per cent, offlcient and hits on alltwelve cylinders. It is a dozen telephones pnerged into one and speakswith perfect articulation and anabundance of force and clarity ofthought. It is affiliated with a welldefined stutter and a severe attackof quinsy, and speaks a sort of vestpocket volapuk which I could neverunderstand.When one wants to get me on thephone to offer me $1,000 or even aless' amount my telephone is a deafand dumb beast. It either rings soOperaTwo Days OnlyMmxZZi Jan. 27 and 28The World's Greatest Invention inMoving PicturesVAUDEVILLEON THE SCREEN!Hear and See the World's GreatestArtists Sing, Dance and Talk.HEAR AND SEEGeo. M. Cohan, Al, Jolson, Golden and Hughes,Emily Leslie, Cal. Stewart, American Quartette,Billy Marray, Grace and Foster, Doyle and Mason,Billy Mason and others.SPECIAL ON MONDAYMr. and Mr3. Vernon Castle in their greatest creation, the Tango. This is positively the last pictureMr. Castle made before he was killed in this war.CRITICS SAYMr, 'Thos. Edison and New York critics say thesepictures are the most wonderful invention in electricity, the voice and picture being worked entirely" by electricity.Remember this Engagement is ForTWO DAYS ONLYChange of Entire Program Each Day !Matiiee Monday at 2 P. M. Night Performanceat 7:30 o'clock.Popular Prices ... 25 and 35cWar Tax Addedfaintly that I don't hear it at all orit jumbles up the message so that itsounds as though somebody is tryingto sell me a motorcycle on the installment plan. It simply won'twork, and two or three weeks laterI hear that somebody was trying togive me some money and couldn'tand had to give it to somebody else.But when there is some bad newscoming to me, like the loss of a jobor the impending visit of my wife'suncle, my telephone simply outphones itself. It sticks to the job aspeanut butter sticks to the roof ofone's mouth. It can't escape it. Ifit is bad news the telephone willring its head off, and if I don't respond it will come out and pull meout of bed.Industrial Melting Pot.Returning soldiers are findingpleasant reading in the statementsof local committees to the effect thatthere are "jobs for all soldiers," butthe soldiers, themselves, are facing aperiod of "readjustment," since thekind of employment as a rule consistsin a "job," without reference towhat it may consist of. Some of thebig concerns have held the positionsof their employees open, but many ofthe boys are returning to face a newmelting pot in which they are expected to become new factors, and"start over again." Communities thatare living up to their boasts of whatthey will do with the "boys," may beplentiful but if they are, they differsomewhat from the National Capitalin this respect.War Workers Cling to Washington,The speed shown by war workers,whose Washington jobs have expired,in attaching themselves to other positions in the Government -service,gives evidence that the Capital holdsappeal to patriots, who have beenworking there for $1,200 and ?1,400a year, as compared to half those salaries at home. Breakfasts are stilla dollar and a half, and roojms cost$5 a night, at the bon-ton hotels ofWashington, but there are lots ofways in which the young men andwomen who are working in Washington can. live at considerable lessthan their salaries, and have considerable left over for their amusements. PROMINENT WINCHESTER PROMOTER STRICKEN WITHPARALYSIS.While seated in the wating roomat the Union Station in Lexington,Friday, Col. Thos. G. Stuart, formerMayor of Winchester, and one of thebest-known citizens of that city, wasstricken with paralysis. An ambulance was called and the strickenman was removed to the Good Samaritan Hospital, where he was placed under the care of physicians.Col. Stuart has long been a prominent fifure in the industrial life6fWinchester, and was instrumental inpromotion work that helped to develop Winchester's commercial activity. oSome people look upon a NewYear's resolution in much the samespirit as the Germans regard a scrapof paper.Houseo ,MLLERSBURGMrs. N. E. Martin, continuesabout the same.Mrs. Mary Hayden, of Lexington, arrived Friday as the guest ofMrs. C. It. Jones.Mr. Porter, of Winchester, wasinterred in the Millersburg Cemetery Sunday afternoon.Regular meeting of AmityLodge No. 40, F. & A. M., to-night.All members urged to be present.Mrs. C. L. Vimont is visitingher sister, Mrs. Ratliff, at Sharpsburg. Mrs. R. L. Buffington left Saturday for her home at Columbus, O.,after a week's visit to her sister,Mrs. W. M. Miller.Mrs. Nannie Hunter and daughter, Miss Patty Hunter, of Washington, Ky., arrived Friday, as gueststheir daughter and sister, Mrs., A. S.Best.Mrs. Ada McClintock and daughter, Miss Ruth McClintock, left Friday for the home of their son andhrother, Mr. W. G. McClintock, atParis, where they will remain duringthe absence of Mr. and Mrs. McClintock, in the South.oHSTEE FABM SALE TO-MOEHOW,WEDNESDAY, JAN. 22.The Fred Fister farm on the NorthMiddeltown pike, containing 212acres, will be sold at public auctionto-morrow, at 10:30 a. m. It will besold in two tracts, and then as awhole. No. 1 contains 130.02 acreswith residence and all outbuildings.No. 2 contains 82.38 acres, good tenant house with five rooms and newfifteen-acre tobacco barn. Liberalterms. (It)oCOLORED PEOPLE DEAD.Two deaths among colored people from the same cause, pneumonia,occurred at the Massie MemorialHospital. Wm. Rankin, from nearNorth Middletown, and James Johnson, a tenant on the farm of Mr.Walker Buckner, near Cane Ridge,both died of the disease at the institution on the same night.Ben Bowles, aged eighty years, awell-known colored man, died at hishome near Little Rock, after a shortillness. He had a little home on theLevy pike, where he had spent practically all his life.Mrs. Maggie J. Robinson, wife, ofA. H. Robinson, died of Brights' disease at her hojme in Paris. She issurvived, by her husband, one sonand one daughter. She had been aservant in the families of Perry Wornall and Will Wornall, in the county,for nearly fifty years. The funeralwas held in the Paris colored cemetery with services conducted by Rev.Stafford Campbell, partor of the colored Christian church.A PLEA FOR THE SUFFERERS INARMENIA."To the County Councils of Defense:"The Council of National Defensehas just wired us as follows:"We endorse and ask your support for the campaign now beingconducted by the American Committee for Relief in the near East toraise thirty million dollars to relievethe unparalleled distress among Armenians, Syrians' and Persians. Thiscapnpaign has Governmental statusin that the relief which in the nearEast can be financed by private contributions alone will be administeredunder the supervision of HerbertHoover as Director General of International Relief. President Wilsonhas just cabled: 'The appropriationasked of Corgress for handling foodrelief is not intended in any way totake the place of t&e subscriptionsbeing asked for relief and rehabilitation in the near East, I hope thatthis subscription will not in any way,be interrupted or reduced. The need'is immediate and very great.' Pleasearrange for all possible assistancefrom your entire organization.""The needs of the Armenians, Syrfans and Persians are greater thanthose of the people of any other partof the world, and their sufferingshave been and are now beyond conception. We trust that you will,through your Community Councils,co-operate in every way possible withthe campaign committee which is undertaking to raise your county'squota of the fund in Kentucky inthe week beginning January 26."KENTUCKY COUNCIL OF DEFENSE, "Edward W. Hines, Chairman,"Pendleton Beckley, Executive Secretaiy." oB-4 FIREInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,AtsoDISASTROUS FIRE VISITS ANNAPOLIS, MARYLAND.Fire which broke out in the Colonial Theatre on Conduit street, inAnnapolis, Maryland, destroyed thatbuilding, five other business placesand badly damaged 'four other buildings on Main and Conduit streets.Besides the Colonial Theatie, theold Evening Capital building and thebuildings occupied by Strange &White, men's furnishings; R. A.Strange & Son, painters and paperhangers; James D. Feldmeyer, druggist, and Carde's confectionery weredestroyed. The Masonic Temple wasbadly damaged.The total loss was estimated at?100,000, about one-third covered byinsurance. The city fire departmentwas aided by the Naval Academyfile brigade of midshipmen.Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance."Thomas, Woodford & BryanoDisabled soldiers may have become uninsurable. If they allow theirgovernment Insurance to lapse, theylose their last chance -for insuranceprotection for their families.WOMEN'S ACTIVITIES;The Red Cross Sewine RoomAtTuesday C. W. B. M.Wednesday Woman's Bible Class,Christian Church.Thursday Jewish Circle.The Red Cross and the FederalBoard have developed a most satisfactory co-operation at all points. Atthe recent State Conference of Charities and Corrections held in Columbus, O., Mr. Shaw said:"We have never yet asked a singleservice of any Red Cross chapter inOhio, Indiana and Kentucky whichwas not promptly, efficiently and generously carried out."This is indeed gratifying. Butsuch a reputation can not be maintained by the Bourbon County RedCross Chapter unless there is a jmoregenerous response to the demand forworkers at the sewing room. Whatif all departments of war work hadceased with the armistice? Let usremain faithful to the end. The officers of the local chapter are exceedingly anxious that the work be finished as early as possible. Your ownspring work is in sight. Help at theRed Cross rooms now while you canspare the time.Club Calendar.The Paris Literary Club, January22nd.The Coming of the Hebrew Nation. Epic Stories of the Hebrew People Miss Porter.The Story of Joseph A Masterpiece Miss Grimes.The Civilization of Early EgyptMrs. T. H. Clay, Jr.The Progressive Culture Club, January 23rd.Parliamentary Drill.Leader Mrs. Henderson Shropshire. The North Middletown Woman'sClub, January 24th.Character Sketches.Daniel Boone and Simon KentonMrs. T. J. Jones.George Rogers Clark Miss Martha Tinder.The Spanish Conspiracy Mrs.Thomas VanMeter.The Art Club, January 25th.Gothic Architecture French.Origin and CharacteristicsGothic Architecture Mrs. T.ofH.Clay, Jr.The three periods of FrenchGothic:1. Early French (1150-1300)Miss Evans.2. The Royannant (1300-1400)Mrs. Fay Ardery.3. Flamboyant (1400-1520)Mrs. Scott.Roll Call Current Events in Art.Hostess Mrs. Sutherland.Seventh District Meeting: of Women'sClubs.The meeting of the FederatedWomen's Clubs of the Seventh District will be held at Georgetownabout February 20, under the auspices' of the Georgetown Civic League.Theie will be representatives fromWomen's Clubs of Beattyville, Campbellsville, Eminence, Frankfort, Lexington, North Middletown, ParisPisgah, Versailles and Winchester.oSTILL GOING SOME.Dog licenses are still being fssuedfrojm the office of County ClerkPearce Paton, though the impressionhad erroneously gotten out that nolicenses could be issued after January 15. Up to a late hour yesterdayafternoon Clerk Paton has issued atotal of two thousand licenses- andtags.'" efyDrscCEXUNIVERSAJLCAR 'The Ford Motor Co. has just made theannouncement that for the present therewill be no downward change in prices. j, Place your order now for a car and be! assured of a prompt delivery.lit t - ijiI Ruggles Motor Co.Bank Row, Paris, Ky. lijThe girl looking for a husbandshould bear in mind that many a fel-J7b&ff SEwI TDUSIIieSS UppOrtUDltieSLady or gentleman to represent usin Bourbon county to handle one ofi the highest class propositions on thej market. It entails a small invest-'rnent. This proposition offers verylarge immediate earnings, with anunlimited future. Highest referencesneeded and, a personal interview in(Indianapolis if possible. Apply Mr.Marquis, 6Vi Merchants Bank Building Indianapolis. (21-2t)ATTENTIONAll 1918 accounts are now due.Those owing me are requested to1 please call and settle at ONCE. Those, accounts not settled immediately willbe placed mthe hands of an attorneyfor collection.(14-3t) J. ELVOVE.LOST.On Main street, between Tenthand the Fair Store, Saturday afternoon, a bracelet watch. Finder willbe suitably rewarded by returning tothis office. (adv)FOUNDOn Tenth street, a rubber boot(left) with wool-lined moccasin inside. Owner can secure same by calling at Wilmoth & Co.'s grocery,proving property, and payingcharges. (20-tf)Furs and HidesWe pay highest prices for iron,hides, junk and wool.MUNICH & WIDES & CO.,Eighth St., Paris, Ky.,Cumb. Phone 371.(23-tf)To ParentsYou rush your' child to the dentist when he has a toothache. Mostof you don't wait for actual trouble,but bank on regular examination andcare to prevent it.But how about your son's anddaughter's eyes? Are they perfect?Are you sure they are not handicapped because of faulty vision?The general health and work inschool of almost nine out of tenchildren can be improved 50 percent, by properly fitted glasses.Let us examine your child's eyes.No guess work we know how.Dr. Wm. Riley FranklinSuite 205-6 First National Bank,Both Phones, Paris, Ky.IX!GEO. W DAVISfuneral DirectorMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES DAY 137;. NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.Lost Reward.On the streets of Paris, a smallCoral Dres3 Pin. Finder leave at theParis Book Store and receive -reward.(14-3t)FOR RENT.Store room, fronting on Mainstreet in Masonic Temple.Single room, second floor, runningwater, elevator acommodations, foroffice use or living apartment.0. T. HINTON,Agt., Masonic Temple.WANTED!At Highest Market Price,Strictly First ClassButtermilkEggsButterand PoultryThe BusyCash Store.janl4-4t)REMOVALNOTICEOn and After January 15th MyStore Location Will Be622 S. Main StreetBetween Baldwin Bros, andChas. Bflonson's Grocery.This room is much bettersuited to my business and moreconvenient to my trade.A NEW STOCKWill Be Addedand I will be much better prepared to wait on my increasingbusiness.Your patronage will be appreciated.'DR. 0. L. FRYEJEWELER AND OPTOMETEIST.(janl0-4t)IixanxiV---V VttuiTUESDAY, JANUARY 21, 1919.THE BOUEBOH TOWS, MfcIS, XfflOTCKT?AG1It4uffftMEat without Fear of Indigestion!Instant Relief for Bad StomachsWhen your meals hit baclc.When what you-eat turns sour,forming acids,' gases and indigestion. Magic r-:ef. No waiting!The ri. uent Pape's Diapepsinreaches the stomach all the sourness, acidity, heartburn, dyspepsiaand indigestion ends.Upset stomachs feel fine.Costs so little Any 'drug store.upset? Papers Diapepsing"- -yOWILL PUT YOUON YOUR FEETLETTERS FROM BOURBON COUNTY JJ SOLDIERS AND SAILORS JIn a recent letter from Capt. Jas.A. Orr, he says : "We have noprospects or information as to whenwe will get hopie. I presume it willhe a few months anyway. But wemay get orders to pack up our "OldTTit "Rnr" anv time. Everybody isAA.AW O - - -instance, dopiino sugar, 2 lbs. for 15cents and other things in proportion.We have been planning an entertainment for children of the villagewhere we are located. Our band isgoing to "music" for them and weare Groins: to nave a Unrismas tree'eijuuuj' ia wc s'-'s .w w. ..i.. anir t fhmicrV.f nf and r.andv for them, tnev naven t naacLULilULLO IA faCl wasn.. J. w - . ., , -iinTiiTie- ovw to Paris to attend any for four years and never saw aWoodrow's big reception, but asneither he nor President Poincairesent me an invitation I refused to go.However, it seems to have been a success without me.We are planning to have a bigChristmas dinner we (our offier'smocc'x Krtiio-'h three tnrkevs at $1.35a pound, about $17.00 apiece, oughtto be some turkey whether it is ornot.Things we can get from the U. S.Commissary are very reasonable.Cheaper than you buy at home. ForChristmas tree.This is certainly some rainy climate. It has not been very coldhere yet. It does not get very severely cold here in winter. But beingout in the weather and wet, coldmud so much is why the boys uselioaw snY etc.We have a very comfortable hutwhere we are now, built of fiveinch oak lumber and covered withtar paper.Hope everybody is having a goodI Christmas.HEEITOUE GAINSQUICK SUCCESSI&mous Medicine Sweeps Over Tennessee and Kentucky inTwo Months.IS NOW ON SALE HERE.G. S. Varden & Son Honored WithExclusive Agency inTaris.Meritone, the new Bystem medicineof real merit that it now on sale inParis at G. S. Varden & Son's, nasiminoA almost instant success wherever it has been introduced.In its first two jmonthB the famousnew medicine swept over the Statesof Tennessee and Kentucky withsuch rapidity as to startle even theoldest and most experienced drugmen. Already the name of Meritonehas become a household-woTd overa territory containing five millionneople.This instant rise to success couldnot have been accomplished if Meritone did not have real merit. Themakers of Meritone believe it is themedicine of merit that thousands ofailing people have been needing andwanting for years. It is the formulaf froinefl chemist who spentyears to bring.it to perfection.In larger cities thousands of peopleare already taking Meritone and aregetting wonderful results from itsuse. Many are taking Meritone tobuild up their strength and healthafter influenza or pneumonia. Manyothers are taking it to correct an ailing condition of the stomach, liveror kidneys, or to comhat catarrh orrehumatism.Here in Paris Meritone can beobtained only at G. S. Varden &SatfB" oThe Fault I Yours.Never complain that; your confidencehas been betrayed. The fault.is yourafor pouring unsafe talk into , . tagmind. Yon ao noi uu- ym. notfor leaking. JBlame yourself for notknowing it leaked. Life.MoCOBMICK BTOS JjSgff DEHOCRATia COMMITTEEIE YOU CASH YOUR STAMPS.The Government is making a record of all persons who purchase WarSavings Stamps and the reasongiven if the stamps are cashed before their maturity. These lists nnfliiv will be filed i with the county-clerk in each county to establish apermanent, record of eacn lnaiviaual's part in the war work.Every citizen will be known notonly by the extent of his investment,but by the duration of his loan.This fact probably is not known oypersons who cash their stamps before paypnent for the Government isuue. . .w.Uncle Sam spends the money as ready inSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings, and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Miss Patsy Clark is a guest ofMiss Clara Belle O'Neill, in Philadelphia. Mrs. Mabel Frank is the guest ofher mother, Mrs. Chas. Barnett, inTaylorsville, Spencer county.Dr. L. R. Huffman and ClydeBurberry, of Centerville, have goneMrs. John I. Fisher, of Louisville, is visiting her mother, Mrs.Mollie Goff, at North Miaaietown.Mrs. Ada Rice, or isortn miaaietown, is a guest of her daughter,Mrs. Mary Mqsby, at Helena, Ar-Miss Clara Louise Buchananhas returned from a month's visit toher brother. W. C. Buchanan, atTTomiiOTi YhifkilWUUV" -.wMv fiwro-o ToinTiAv nas returnedto his home in St Louis, Mo., aftera visit to relatives in rana unuBourbon county.Mrs, Charles Spillnian, of Harrodsburg, is ill of influenza at thehome of her sister, Mrs. W. T.Brooks, on Duncan avenue.MT I . PrinH HULL 1M.1 . JEV. JLM.noTiir -mm loavo this week for NewYork to purchase the spring stockfor the iirm or ranK s o.Mr. and Mrs. Harry Sijmon leftSaturday night for Chicago on atin c;.n oss trin in the interest of Mr.Simon's Paris and Lexington stores.Mrs. Josepn u. -eea, oi mays-lick, was a week-end guest or nerdaughter, Mrs. Albert Minion, anaMr. Hinton, at their home on Highstreet.tit., n n rninrrmcn.Ti nf Allens-ville, Alabama, has arrived in Paris .ir. aitPtifl the Clav-Koseoerry reading. He will act as best man to tnegroom. .Mr. R. M. Hopkins, of Covington, who married Miss Iva Collins,daughter of Mrs. Thos. Helm Clay,of Paris, will leave January 27 witha party of two hundred, who willtvioTto a tnnr of Palestine and theHoly Land.Mr. Pat Kane has gone to HotSprings, Ark., for a month's stay.Mrs. John M. Donnell has returned to her home near Hutchison, fromMaysville, where she was called lastweek by the illness and death of herbrother, Mr. Sherman Rhodes.Aire sirinev R-. Clav will leavefor Florida shortly after the marriageof her daughter, Miss Alice RogersHlav to Lieut. Wiram Jtuj&eueiiy,which takes place to-morrow evening, to spend the remainder of thewinter.A telegrapi received Sunday byrelatives in this city, stated that-ftc. Tito nin.v was seriously illwith influenza at the home of herfather, Col. E. F. Clay, m uusus.Fla Her brothers, Buckner Clay, ofCharleston, W. Va., and Brutus Clay,of Atlanta, are at her bedside.-MMCTti TTnrrv Tones. Fred Bur-gin, ra. Taylor, W. W. Mitchell. andRobert Shea, will leave this week forTampa, Fla. They will motorthrough in Mr. Lew Taylor's automov.n -m T'pvlnr and family are al-Florida, where tney winJanuarySaleOuting Cloth I30c yard9 4 Pepperel72c yardPercale30c yardCalico19c yardLadies' $1.50 Silk Hose$1.29 pairChildren's 30c Hose25c pairBleached Cotton29c yardUnbleached Cotton27c yard35c Madras30c yardLadies' $2.00 UnionSuits$1.39I35c Madras30c yard$1.50 Voile Waists89cChildren's UnionSuits$1.25-$1.39Jardiniers that sold for50c and 75c25c$4.00 Crepe de Chine$2.79i$1.50 Lea. Hand Bags$1.29$5.50Georette Waists$3.4920c Scrim15c yard75c Cake Plates39c50c Cake Plates29cMen's $2.25 Overalls$1.75 pairMen's $1.50 Shirts79cO. N.T. Crochet Cottonlie Ball$2.00 Mirrors$1.50Granite and Glassware atReduced PricesEverything at ReducedPricesThe prices quoted above are good for this week only-ending Saturday, Jan. 25.tuc pari RACKET STOREH. B. CARR, PROPRIETORIMMMenrv- ae it is Tftr.p.ived. When he iscalled upon, to refund these loans heis in the same predicament that onewould he if he borrowed moneyfrom the hank to build a house andafter he had purchased material and.tint, narnenters to work the hankwould suddenly recall the loan.When a war saver goes to the post-office to cash in his War savingsStamps the following card is handedhim to sign:- TurnTnifJk has resignedas Chairman of the Democratic NaUonal Committee and it is understoodthat he is under consideration for apSntment A American AmbassadorFrance to succeed William GravesSharp. Mr. Sharp's resignation it isLid, is now in the hands of the Pres-ide fact that Mr. McCormick hresigned became known ng.Tuesday, "f" lt ne helen no suggestion- of itSited for France twoth neace conference, lie euiW. capacity as the cmani- ., -mule Board, a positionZ Ul -.appointed last year.Officials at the W Heltaed to dtocuBS e report ttot MrSiarp wrald return home to be sueeX by Mr. McCtormiek but itp,ed to naye,creaence """O"d circles. Mr. Sharp ""S",tood to hare dired for some .timeto return to thio. ""J? JAmencaa - - rs w """9NWOL citMmrig the longTers whereDECLARATION OP URGENT NEEDt epmniv o.ertifv that I am in absolute need of the money for myselfand fapiily and, having-. no .otherxTt- rn which! can .secure thenecessary cash, I am obliged to surrender my War Savings stamps, anatherefore file my application for theredemtpion of $ War SavingsStamps.(SignedThis statement is filed as a part ofthe history of the war.-oThere is more Catarrh in this section of the country than all otherdiseases put together, and tor-yeaxsit was supposed to be incurable. .Doctors prescribed local remedies, , and byrxi .ii;nlr r nttro with localconstantly j.eum v x .1 , 1V-treatment pronounced it incurabte.Catarrah is a local disease, greatlyinfluenced by constitution! -"",;tions and therefore requires constitutional treatment. Hall's CatarrhMedicine, manufactured by .P. J.Cheney & Co.; Toledo, Ohio, is a constitutional remeay,ii t "nally and acts through the blood on., . J ,.,. .rfoa nf the system.tne D1UW.UO ou"""" . ai' 'One Hundred Dollars reward is offered for any case that Hall's CatarrhMedicine fails to cure. Send for circulars and testimonials. .Toledo, OhioSold by druggists, 75c.Hall's Family PiHs for constipa-tion- (jii-adV)oJcnPTirJ the winter.w-'""- - . . , iParis society peopie u.ve icceived post-card invitations, wordedas follows:"Mid-winter Dance, with SmithsSaxophone Sextette, Friday Evening, January 24, yx. ruueuu:Hotel, Lexington, Ky. Subscription$1.50. Hours 9:00 to 2:00. Committee: William Walton, Jr., RobertJewell." . . .Miss Ruth Pinnell entertameuFriday evening at her home in Winchester with a charming dinnerparty in honor of Third Gunners'V-j. -!...- nofalrill nf Paris, whohas just retutrned from service inFrance. Tne place earns weio vli-x-. noturo a-nA he elow frompink candles enhanced the beauty ofthe scene, a aainty ami ciuvivCmenu .was served. -The guests wereMisses: Henrietta Bedford, L ucilleClarke, Catherine Robinson, VirginiaJohnson and Anna NelBon, Messrs.Nelson Strode Haggard, Spencer Pinnell, Williajm Robb, Dr. W. J. Winburn and Archie Bedford.(Other Personals on Jt-age vjoWmMmMUMJV'iHiEJMJlir Jll' f w tm""i"--Jii-MWe Are Now Offering YoutAbsolute Choice of Anytr for Every State.It i Utcrallf true that there ii a fiUfin our flalr every state. Tbelaw.!1912 that fife theraw their presentarrangement provided that the'etar,it you trt ateppleftandcor.- --. mm of the six rows fromleft to right, ahall correapond to eachff in the order or iw ratuicwI'the Constitutloa.CONSTIPATION AUB INDIGESTION"I have used Chamberlain's Tablets and must say they are the boatI have ever jused .for constipationJl i-ji-m if- wife also utedthem! for indigestion and they mu- JrnA ,wrftea Euene S. Knight,Wilmington, N. C. Obtainable every-(jan-adv)EES0ITITI0NS.ii.-fnnwin- TAmlutions wererecently adopted by the Paris Epworh . League, of the MethodistChurch. .' WHEKiUAH, tne rroviueue wGod, which is not always to be understood but is always to be trustedas wise and beneficent, has seen fit tocall by deatn irom our ueaguc auChurch, Mr. John Blythe, one of thatnoble group of young men whore-jj oi-t Tio pnTl nf theircountry and humanity7 in the greattime OI cn&ia uuuu6u i,m ..-just passed, and .WxlUiivlliAo, we suaii imoo "sniration of his presence and interestin ,our .League, thereforeBE IT RESOLVED; that we recordour grief at his going but submit withhumbled hearts and without rebellionto this action of Heaven's Providence,knowing jhat in this as in all thingsthe will oi our ratner is wuc iugood. 'Khj&VLjVJlixJ iurtner, mat wc uum--ci- Mvr-calxrac art A rnn1d comforthis loved ones with the thought thathis sacrilice ana xneirs was iwcause that perhaps, with tne singleIChristdied, wasthe greatest and no-uiest tniib iuxb cyci ciiiow-vi .. ...teresfand devotion of men.''RESOLVED further, that werecord our joy that this the only boy, Vioe vooti nllpil from our Leagueto maxe tne .supreme i;rn.s ahis Country and humanity was onewho loved his Church and-his Lordand was therefore ready to "Meet HisPilot Face to Face," and give a faith-mi accuuiiu.oi tnese rcswuuwiB'uc "I'i1"' ""'srecords of tifis organization, a copysent to Ousparentsand a copy givena iO .. "Da-no -fti nnhliPtlOTI?w tne yafjvi. wj. j. "" y -" , SIT. unirijEjiXMRS., GRANT GALLOWAYMan. jn.n joaocixv,CommitteeWOMEN'SI BLACK JBUTT0N BOOTSin our store for . .$2.50 IPER PAIRThese boots come in Patent Leather with Kid and Cloth fopand are worth from $4.00 to $7.00 per pair;Also About 75 Pairs of fWOMEN'S LACE BOOTS FOR$500;&.PER PAIR'.i,Formerly sold at $7.50 to $12.00. Naturally, you Ufind all sizes in any one model, but most, all sizes in theNo refunds, none sent on approval, none sent.C. 0. D., no exchanges. All sales are final.HARRYNippert Block, Main St.Geo. McWilhW Old StandV -.ti-JmiIHWF11f rar..-.i l!C ,,? J ? V' ' V VPAGE POIJETV "JV"r,"3THE BOUBBOH JEERS, PAKIS, KEKTUCKTTUESDAY, JANUARY 21, ISIS.V?HANCOCK FARM NOW HOME OFFINE THOROUGHBREDS' One of the greatest shippients ofthoroughbred horses ever received inthis county reached here Friday,consigned to Mr. A. B. Hancock, master of Claiborne Stud, of Bourboncounty.and Ellerslie Stud, of Charlotteville, Va. The animals are theproperty of Mr. Clarence H. Mackey,principal owner of the Postal Telegraph and Cable Company, and willbe under the direct' supervision ofMr. Hancock during the comingyear. The lot embraces seventeenmares, and is headed by the notedstallion, Imp. Spanish Prince II, oneof the fastest, hardiest and gamest"weight carriers of recent years inEngland. He was the winner of fifteen races in England, valued at?43,695, including Victoria Cup(Hurst Park), beating WhiskbroomII, King George Stakes at Goodwood,132 pounds, beating Sunder andMushroom; July Cup at Newmarket("twice) 142 pounds each time;Rous Memorial Stakes at Ascot(twice' 127 pounds and 124 pounds;Peveril of the Peak Plate at Derby,123 pounds, beating Short Grass 194pounds, and Adapn Bede 89 pounds;Epson Plate at Epson, 134 pounds;King's Stand Stakes at Ascot, 128pounds; and Mantor Nursery Handicap at Newbery, with 27 starters.The list of mares embrace the following: Chestnut mare, Audience, foaled1901, bred to Prince Palatine, 1918.Chestnut mare, Lady "Winifred,foaled 1905, bred to Spanish Prince,1918.Brown mare, Wheat Ear, foaled1905, bred to Spanish Prince, 1918.v Brown mare, Courtisane, foalefi1907, bred to Phoenix, 1918.Bay mare, Queen Til, foaled 1908,bred to Rabelais, 1918.Bsy mare, Miss Malaprop, foaled1909, bred to Fitz Herbert, 1918.Chestnut mare, Melody,' foaled1909, bred to Prince Palatine, 191 8-.Chestnut mare, Cafe-au-Lait, foaled 1910, bred to Spanish Prince,1918.Chestnut mare, Manzanita, . foaled1910, bred to Fitz Herbert, 191'8.Bay mare, Balancoire, foaled 1911,bred to Rabelais, 1918.Chestnut mare, La Claque, foaled1912,- bred to Spanish Prince, 1918.Bay (mare, Footlight, foaled 1912,bred to Sardanal, 1918.Chestnut mare, Mabel Straus, foaled 1913, bred to Spanish Prince.1918.Chestnut mare, Lady K., foaled1913, bred to Spanish Prince, 1918Bay mare, Fresnay, foaledbred to Spanish Prince, 1918.Brown mare, Junta, foaled 1911,bred to Sea Lord, 1918.Bay mare, Hazel and Blue, 1911,bred to Fitz Herbert, 1918.YOUNG MEN WANTED1913,Eg THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMOTO-DAY, TUESDAY, JAN. 21Young jmen, 16 and over," are eligible for government RailwayMail Clerks $92 month. Examinations soon. For free particulars,write Raymond Terry, (former CivilService Examiner), 1266 ColumbianBuilding, Washington. (21-3tpd)oVICTIM OP ACCIDENTAL SHOOTING IS DEAD.Jack PickfordIN"SEVENTEEN"WM. DUNCANIn the 14th Episode of"A FIGHT FOR MILLIONS"ALSOPathe Comedy, "Check Your Baggage"WEDNESDAY.22Thos, M. Ince PresentsWilliam S. Hartin "RIRDLE GAWNE"They called him 'Riddle7 ' because hehad only one object in life to "get" aman. .He had nursed his hatred througha score of years. Now, when they sawhim face to face -with his man they knewhell had come to earth.Big V Comedy,"Pluck and Plotters,"and Paramount Pictograph.THURSDAY, JAN. 23NORMA TALMADGEIN"The Safety Curtain"' Draw the Safety Curtain of Enjoyment over dull care for an hour or two.See Norma Talmadge in her latest SelectPicture.Screen Magazine and Univtrsal Comedy, "Don't Shoot."Edward Van Leeuwe Orchestra cTv0N ;. : ;m mMmm '" " VBHM U chidren Under 12 Not Admitted.Bus Cantrill, colored, who was shotin the forehead during a friendlyscuffle with his wife at their homefor the possession of a revolver, diedSunday night at the Massie Memorial Hospital. He made a statementbefore his death, declaring the shooting to "have been accidental. Coroner Rudolph Davis will conduct an jinvestigation at the court house atten o'clock Wednesday evening.THINGS TO WOKRY ABOUTLet's quit suing the Electric LightCo., the Water Co., building the .newmill dam, buying new fire apparatus,etc., and get to work cleaning upthe surplus jmud on some of thestreets of Paris. Pleasant street,especially, is almost impassable atcertain corners. Get busy before another rain comes. This is -not aknock, merely a suggestion, in viewof the actual condition of the streets.HEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.County Attorney David D. Cline,of Paris, as agent for the Clineheirs, sold the Cline property, inNorth Middletown, located on Mainstreet, to Mr. Francis L. Ritchie, ofnear that place. Mr. Ritchie willrent the property until spring, whenhe expects to occupy it as a home.He now resides on his farm nearthe Rockbridge pike.Mr. L. B. Burns, of Nicholascounty, purchased last week throughthe real estate agency of Harris &Speakes, of Paris, the farm of Mr.Clay Cleveland, located on the Hume& Bedford pike, near Paris, containing about 134, acres, for $350 peracre. Mr. Cleveland purchased thefarpn about two years ago for $175per acre. The place is well improved and has on it a modern two-storybrick residence, barns, etc. Mr Burnswill get possession of the propertyin March.Harris & Speakes, real estatedealers, sold Saturday in front ofthe court house door, the seventy-fiveacres of unimproved land, located onthe Maysville pike, near Paris, andbelonging to Mrs. Winnie K. Fordof Paris. The place was purchasedby T. J. and C. T. Kraft, bringing?251.50 an acre.Harris & Speakes sold on the sameday to W. I. Dorsev. of Carlisle, theFred Baler farm in Nicholas county,.for ?155 an acre.Motor Corps members give annually about 34,320,000 miles of serviceto the Red Cross.;.. . a,1 A A E M 1 Hi H I MK.l--4IKId1-rIViriNOW IN PROGRESS, We have started one of the most successul sales we have ever held, and we believe the reasons are we have thekind of merchandise the public wants and at the prices they; want it. We advise you to come in to-day and buy that Suitor uvercuai wmie me bwuiia circ uumpieie duu uum lurgei uuier articles advertised. Read over the prices and seeme remarname values we nave iu uiier.vJmhiMEN'S AND YOUNG MEN'S SUITS$45.00 Suits Cut to .. .. -. $40.0042.50 Suits Cut to . . . , . . .... . . 37,5040.00 Suits Cut to .. , 35.0Q37.50 Suits Cut to 32.5035.00 Suits Cut to 30.0032.50 Suits Cut to . . . . 27.5030.00 Suits .Cut to 25.00?:50 Bultsf.put to; V.. . . w,w:. . . -.22.J025.00 Suits Cut to '. . . . .' . .... . . 20.0022.50 Suits Cut to 17.5020.00 Suite Cut '.to ::. .. .. . . ..-.-. 16.50J.8.00 Suits Cut to . . . ' 14.5015.00 Suits Cut to H.50. 12.50 Suits Cut tb ;,.-. :.. .... . 9.5QMEN'S AND YOUNG MEN'S OVERCOATS$50.00 Overcoats Cut to $45.0045.00 Overcoats Cut to 40.0042.50 Overcoats Cut to .. . . . . 37.50'40.00 Overcoats Cut to ' . . . . 35.0037.50 Overcoats Cut to . . . . . . . . . . 32.5035.00 Overcoats Cut to . . 1 .'.. . . .. 303)032.50 Overcoats Cut to . . '..-'. A ?. 27!lRl30.00 Overcoats Cut to ,v. 25.0027.50 Overcoats Cut to 22.5025.00 Overcoats Cut to ....... . ...... 20.00a.so-.ovfercoipjCut.tp ... .;.-.. ::t;V 17:50'20.00 OvercoatsCut to 16.50'. TT. i. .- "W .',:.' J"'"J' -1 ; 'MiaEAmCOATS' r"? 2 5. 00 Raincoats Cut to $20.0020.00 Raincoats Cut to 16.5015.00 Raincoats Cut to 11.5012.50 Raincoats Cut to -0.5010.00 Raincoats Cut to 7.95BOYS' SUITS$15.00 Suits Cut to $11.5012.50 Suits Cut to 90- "10:00 Suits Cut to . . 7,958.50 Suits Cut to .A .... 6.95y 7.50 Suits Cut to . . .- 556.50 Suits Cut to -. . . 4955.00 Suits Cut to 3.95Vj , BOYS' 0VEBCQATS1 $18.00 Overcoats Cut 'to ... , f :. x.JH.SQ15.00 Overcoats Cut to . . .... .... XL5012.50 Overcoats Cut to 9,50..10.00 Overcoats Cut to ,. 795' v 8.50 Overcoats Cut to .. -. . . . . . . . $95. 6.50 Overcoats Cut to t t ,. 495,.1 : ' ; TMEN'S KACKINAWS ""$18.00 Mackinajvs Cut to '. . .$14.5Q15.00 Mackinaws Cut to 11.5012.00 Mackinaws Qut to g5Q10.00 Mackinaws Cut to 795BOYS' MACKINAWS$12.50 Mackinaws Cut to $9.50.- 10.50 Mackinaws Cut to 7958.50 Mackinaws Cut to 695MEN'S HATS&fV-KMEN'S ODD PANTS$7.50 Pants Cut to .' e.00 Pants Cut to V-.: -.00 Pants Cut to.4.00 Pants Cut to ..rs.OO'Pants.Cutto .,$5.754.753.952.952.25$10.00 Hats Cut to7;50 Hats Cut to ,6.00 Hats Cut to ,5.'00 Hats Cut to .;'4,50 Hats "qut to',4.00 Hats Cut to ."3.50 Hat's Cut to .3.00 Hat Cut to .'250 Hat 6ut',to .;2.00 Hat Cut to$7.755.754.953.954- 3.753.25,2.95. 2.25- 1.951.50. men's :AiBqYs,V2.50-dpsCut to'T.:. ..-;2.00 cpicut &;.; ;;.-.-. '.'1.50 Caps Cut "to "I"'. '1.00 Caps Cut to ''.75 Caps Cut to . ; .-. :. v.50 CapsXJutto ,.; . . : .CAPSs$1.951.501.15;' .89- '.65.38: MEN'S SWEATERS$J2.50 Sweaters. Cut to .. .. .10.00 Sweaters Cut to .8.50 Sweaters Cut to .:' 7.50 Sweaters' Cut to ,." 6.00 Sweaters Cut to .-5,00 Sweaters Cut toV.r$9.507.956.95-.: 5.95r- 4.953.754.00 Sweaters Cut to . . . . .. ..".;.. onr3.50 Sweaters Cut to . 1. 95MEN'S BATH: ROBES.'$10.00 Bath Robes Cuttb : ; .':8.50 Bath Robes Cut to . .7.50 Bath Robes Cut to. . .' 6.50 Bath Rpbes Cut to . . . '.,:::?7.95' 6.95.'.v5.954.95.r:r-; MEN'S AND BOYS CLOVES$5.00 Olores Cut 'to . .. V." ". ." . ... .'3.00 Gloves Cut to2.50 Gloves Cut to2.00 Gloves Cut to' 1:50 Gloves Cut to.$3.95- -95; 1;50.;MEN'S AND BOYS MITTEN&$2.50 Mittens Cut 'to .'. ...2.00 Mittens Cut to . .1.50 Mittens Cut to1.25 Mittens.Cut to1.00 Mittens Cut to .':'..; .75 Mittens Cut to . ..50 Mittens Cut to ... .I1 1 v-,ii-. v.$1J.95,,.5098.553,oBOYS' SWEATERS$2.50 Sweaters Cut to2.00 Sweaters Cut to-' "1.50 Sweaters Cut to ,$1.951.501.15BOYS' KNEE PANTS$2.50 Pants Cut to '. . .2.00 Pants Cut to v., . ....1.50 Pants Cut to;,'- .. .'. ..1.00 Pants Cut to;$i.951.481.15.89IBOYS'-RAINCOABS;$4.00 Raincoats Cut to .. .. .'$2.95. rSM0Km G JA?KETS$7.50 Smoking Jackets' Cutl;ci ..6.50 Smoking-;J4ckets -Cut to"-..fr --V$55rEverything guaranteed. Our reputation for idling only the highest grade merchandise and standing back of evervthin. w 1! u .L it" J..,i. to you. Truth in ad.erti.in,. Thee who have followed our adverti. for the pa.t vear kjJ Xt wSEJJgSrd with oods exactly as represented, . Every price is honestly reduced, everv nromiii will K ent - . . ,-?: ; h every pantedV. satisfactionEverything Gash;No thingChargedNothing Sent on ApprovalRP. WALSHThe New Store lor Men and Boy:SUIT CASES AND GRIPS :''"'$20.00 Suit Cajses fctnd Bags Cut to. . .' i&lgfjQ18.00 Suit Cases and Bags Cutto. V' .1450 ulo.ou diuc iees ana Bags .Cut to. . . .-l) Jjl&.uo suit Cases and Bags Cut to". . . . ij 5512.50 Suit Casesand Bags Cut to. . . . 95Q7.50 Suit Cases and BagsWt toV.A'. V S'SS2.00 Suit Cases and Bags Cut to. ('; l4g!Mamiid,7tIi,Pari$Ky::;MH-: U 1t IfUM''-5T$,fcTUESDAY, JANUARY lt. 1919;THE BOURBON NEWS,PARIS, KENTUCKYPAGE HI. J -v -J - -FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSfeHIGH QUALITY SEEDS.Highest quality Red Clover,AEsike, Timothy, Seed Oats.Cottonseed Meal.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(janl7-2t)o&AYSVILLE DEFEATS PARIS;BOYS GAME A TIE.The double-header game played bythe basket ball teams of the ParisHigh School and the Maysville High.School, Friday night, at Maysville,resulted in a score of 24 to 20 in favor of the girls team of the Maysville High School. The boys' gameresulting in a tie, 25 to 25.oHSTER FARM SALE TO-MORROW,WEDNESDAY, JAN. 22.The Fred Fister farm, on NorthMiddletown pike, containing 212acres, will be sold at public auctionto-morrow, at 10:30 a. m. It will besold in two tracts, and then asNawhole. No. 1 contains 130.02 acreswith residence and all outbuildings.No. 2 contains 82.38 acres, good tenant house with five rooms and newfifteen-acre tobacco -barn. Liberalterms. (It)oHELD TO GRAND JURYThe case of Dennis Leer, JamesLemon, Frank Mussinon and DennisWarren, colored men arrested a fewdays ago by Patrolpnan Judy on acharge of being implicated in thetheft of packages of liquor in transitfrom the shippers to the local officeof the Adams Express Co., weregiven a hearing before County JudgeGeorge Batterton, Friday.After hearing the evidence JudgeBatterton decided that he would holdthe men under bond to appear beforethe grand jury at the next term ofthe Bourbon Circuit Court. Theywere sent to jail to await the convening of the court.oMODERN BUNGALOW AT AUCTIONHarris & Speakes will sell forThomas A. McDonald, on Tuesday,January 21, his handsqme modernbungalow 1219 Main street'. Lookthis property over if you want a nicehome. (14-3t)oBETTER BE CAREFUL.Some of the leading speedomaniacs of Paris may likely undergo achange of heart regarding the sanctity of the judicial system since thecourts liave decided that it is manslaughter to run down and kill pedestrians who clutter up the streetcrossings and make free and uninterrupted driving very trying.At times it has been as much as aperson's life was worth to attemptto cross the streets of Paris whenthe speedomaniacs are warming uptheir steeds. Precious little attention they pay to the pedestrian. Let'em wait and take their chances ongetting acros! As between autoistswhat does a city ordinance aniountto?oAT: THE "Y."The new piano, which was boughtand paid for in popular contributions by the people of Paris andBourbon county, under the leadership of Ed. T- Hinton and the Community Chorus, has been placed inposition in the lobby at the Y. M. C.A. building; ' - : .At a meeting of the ExecutiveComjaittee of the Boy Scouts, heldat theY. M. C. A., recently .a, definite program for each Friday nightthroughout-rtfcer year was arranged,Th Scouts- are under the directionof Scoutmaster N. L. Sampson, whowill,lnstruct';:them in the manual-at-janmfand give them regular arms. .The dormitories at the Y. M. C. A.are Ufull up" and late applicants forrooms' have been placed on the waiting fist to take their turn., ' o- ' ' " - 1PAslNG gRQSPEBITY-AROUND.;It' is gratifying to note that theBourbon county farmers who are receivirig such good prices for theirtobacco are ,-putting a big part of itback into circulation again, buyingnewimplements, furniture and otherneeded articles, as well as food supplies , - -THE NEWS is grateful for receiving its liberal share of the "coinrf ! rpaim." many coming . intooffice"whtle in town marketing theircropsT to pay their supscripucm tythe .paper. We appreciate these favors, 'and bpe to continue the paper's-goodreputation in 1919 fpr.urnisKing a local paper of -merit.ThanksJ v ""AT THE JlCAMO AND THE PABIS' ' GRAND. .SOCIAL Aim PERSONAL.ncomings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.lmprov-To-day, Tuesday, January 21--Jacfc-Pickford.in "Seventeen; William Duncan, la -fourteenth; -episodeof ."A Fight. Por Millions;" PathervTYv "fihAck Your Baggage.To-morrow,1 Wednesday, .JahJpH99 wnnoTTi s. Hart, in "Kiddieno." -m v Comedy. "Pluck andTseveral weeks,TinfT4- ParAinount PictographThursday. -January? 23-NdrmajTalmadge, in "The Safety. Curtain;Screen Magazine; UniversalGomady,Friday, January 24 Wallace Reid,in J'The Source;" Ruth Roland, inthirteenth episode of "Hands Up;Keystone Comedy; "The BrightLights;" Animated Wjeekly. ,Saturday, January 25 MadgeKennedy, in "The Kingdom ofYouth;" Smiling Bill Parsons, in"Bill Setae Dow."Monday, January 27 FannyWrd. in "'The Cheat;" Pegfcy Hop-Mr Wade H. Whitley has returned from a business trip to Dallas,x exas.Mrs. Eva Dimmitt, of Paris isa guest of Mrs. Edward Bauer, inCynthiana.Miss Madelaine Eldridge, has returned from a visit to her motherMrs. E. F. Aldridge, in Covington.Mrs. Dr. Hammond and littledaughter, of Ft. Worth, Texas, arequests of Mrs. J. M. Murphy, inNorth Middletown.Miss Ruth Johnson and littleniece, Miss Virginia Fightmaster, inuenza sufferers, are convalescing attheir home on Walker avenue.Little Miss Cora Lee Wilson, aninfluenza sufferer, is recovering atthe home of her parents, Mr. an'dMrs. Robert Wilson, in East Paris 'Mr. Dan C. Talbott, formerly ofParis, is now Chief Engineer for alarge electrical company in Indianapolis, Ind., capitalized at $3,000,000.Mrs. Catesby Woodford, Jr.,and little son, who have both beendangerously ill with penumonia attneir home near Paris, areing.Mrs. Lyttleton B. Purnell, whohas been very ill for several dayswith influenza, is improving. Herdaughter, Miss Rebecca Purnell, isconvalescent from an attack of tonsilitis. Mrs. Frank Marks, an estimable colored woman, residing on Massie avenuek is a patient at the Massie Memorial Hospital, where sheunderwent a successful surgical operation. Mr. M. E. McCurdy and Mr. E.C. Poplin, of Paris, represented Parisat a meeting in Winchester Friday,of the Kentucky Central Life and Accident Insurance Company.Miss Edna Gorham .has acceptedthe position of teacher of the OldUnion school, and will fill out theunexpired term of Miss Blanche Stivers. Miss Stivers will teach theCave Hill school in Fayette county.Miss Genevieve Molloy, a popular Paris visitor, has returned to herhome in Lexington, after severalmonths residence in Washington, D.C, where she was engaged in clerical work in the War Department.Prof. P. O. Squires, Superintendent of the Carlisle Public Schools, isassisting in the bookkeeping department at the New Independent Tobacco Warehouse, in this city, theCarlisle Schools being closed on account of influenza. He is a guest ofhis brother, J. A. Squires, autionneer at the Independent House.Mrs. Stanhope Wiedemann hasreturned to her home -near Paris, after an extended visit to her parents,Mr. and Mrs. J. D. Purcell, in Lexington. Her little daughter, MissNoami Wiedemann, will remain fora longer visit with her grandparents.Miss Ethel Tarr, daughter ofMr. Layson Tarr, of Millersburg, hasentered as a student at Sayre Colledge, in the boarding department,for the rest of the winter. Mr. andMrs. Tarr will leave soon for Florida to remain until the late spring.John Woodford, young son ofMr. and Mrs. Catesby Woodford, Jr.,of near Parish is dangerously ill ofdouble pneumonia. His aunts, MissLucy Clay Woodford, and Miss Nettie Horton, of Mt. Sterling, are withhis parents, to assist in nursing him.- An enjoyable ante-holiday society event was the dance given by themembers of the Amuse Club, at theMasonic Temple, last night, attended by.Aa 'large crowd, many visitorsfrom out-of-town being present. Thehours were from 8:00 p. m. .to 2:30p. m. Music jfor the dancers was furnished" by Smith's Saxophone Orchestra. An appetizing luncheon ' wasserved,. during the intermission.The Lexington Herald '.'LateThursday afternoon the members ofthe bridge club, recently organizeda' the' ' residence of Miss. ; NeidaHascon. .motored to the home o"f Mrs.James Thompson, Jr., in Bourboncounty, for the regular meeting.j Those present were: Mrs. GatewoodGay, Mrs. Joe DeLong, Misses talitha Chenault, Jane Brooker,: .Anne'".McAdams, Lila D. Smith, Joe Carter,Genevieve Malloy and Neida .Rasco.The prize, a Dorin, was won by Miss.Rasco. Mrs. Joe DeLong will entertain the club" next week." ; :,." -One of the most brilliant socialevents. of the season-was the reception, "dance and banquet given bythe. Olekia Temple of Shriners at theBrown-ProctoriaHotel, in Winchester, Friday evening. Visitors ," werepresent from all over Central andEastern Kentucky and other, sectionsof the State. Williams' orchestra.furnished exquisite music." 'TheShriners were accompanied bycharmingly- gowned ladies, ;and thescene was one long to be remembered. The refreshments were daintilyprepared, and- faultlessly served.Dancing, was indulged in the diningroom on the' second floor, while theluncheon was served in -the -firstfloor grill room. Among those vwhoattended were Judge Chas.' A. McMillan, M. H: H. Davis and ClaySutherland, of Paris, who reportedthe affair as being one of the best'they have attended in. years.Miss pilie Chambers, of the Metropolitan Life Insurance Co., whohastjjeen undergoing treatment atthe Massie Memorial Hospital, foris able to leave theinstitution. Mrs. John Richards,whft..kas. been under treatment at 'the.Hospital, suffering with influenza, isrecovering. xij.i jcbsc lujrcia, wuu mnentlv underwent an operation forappendicitis at the Hospital, is improving fast. Mrs. Joseph Calvert,who -was brought to the institutionSaturday suffering from injuries received by being thrown from herbuggy in a runaway accident, is "do-Mr. Jos. Taylor, was discharged yesterday as cured.Miss Elizabeth Steele entertained about sixteen friends with a din-'ner-bridge party at the Sweet Shoplast week. -Miss Valette McClintock entertained with a delightful dancingparty at her home on Pleasant street,Saturday evening.Among the recent victims of"flu" are Miss Mary Ellis, daughter of Rev. and Mrs. W. E. Ellis,and Mrs. Roy F. Clendenin.Miss Anna Louise White, ofParis, received an invitation to attend the inaugural ceremonies ofHon. J. B. A. Robertson, as Governorof the State of Oklahoma. The eventtook place on the "thirteenth inst.Gov. Robertson's son has been a visitor at the home of Miss White, nearParis.William Schooler, better knownin the newspaper world as "UncleBill," was a caller at THE NEWSoffice early Friday morning. "UncleBill" and Mrs. Schooler were enroute to Somerset, where they willreside in the future, Mr. Schoolerhaving purchased The Somerset Commonwealth,' a weekly paper.Miss Charlina Ball entertainedlast night with a dinner party at herhome near Paris, in honor of MissAlice Rogers Clay, whose weddingto Mr. Hiram Roseberry will be asocial event of to-morrow evening.Miss Mary Adams Talbott, who willbe one of the bridesmaides, will givea dinner to the members of the bridal party at her home on Duncanavenue, after the rehearsal.(Other Personals on Page 3.)oHIGH QUALITY SEEDSHighest quality Red Clover,Alsike, Timothy, Seed Oats.Cottonseed Meal.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(janl7-2t)!FHtST B0UEJ30N WOUNDEDDIER HERE.SOL-The first wounded Bourbon countysoldier to return fropi France is Private Frank Taylor, who has just arrived for a visit to his parents, Mr.and Mrs. J. P. Taylor, near NorthMiddletown.Private Taylor has sustained permanent injuries, according to theverdicts of the army surgeons whohave examined him. He receivedfive machine gun bullets in the leftleg, between the knee and thigh, inhis attempt to make his fourth venture over the top on the Verdun front.His limb is stiff and apparently lifeless, as a result of his wounds. Hewas in the thick of the fighting fromJune until October 11, when he received his wounds. JIn company with Jnis comrades,Taylor attempted to go over the top,and while making the rush was detected by a German machine gunnerstationed in a "nest" in a tree top.The Boche turned the machine gunloose on the American boys, and fivequick shots rendered young Taylorhelpless. Private Taylor stated toTHE NEWS man that his escapefrom death was due solely to histhoughtfulness in turning over andover, thereby getting out of range ofthe machine gun.e ONEW CARRIER SERVICEFor several weeks THE NEWS has.been handicapped by carrier serviceto its patrons in South Paris, especially in the region embracing Cypress,Nineteenth and Twentieth streets.Complaints of missing papers left thecarrier open to criticism, with theinevitable reply, "Somebody musthave stolen the paper. I surely leftit." ' -While not putting all the blame onthe carrier, THE NEWS is .constrained to believe that the servicein-the past few weeks was' not Vhatit should have been. We have madearrangements for a new carrier onthat route, and with a revised list,hope to see our patrons' faithfullyand efficiently served, as is ourdesire for thiB and every other routein the city. A . :o,,,. INSURANCE.Fl'rt, n Tornado, Lightning,Automobile and Half.YERKES PEED.(janl4-tf) ' ". oFISTER "FARM SALE TO-MORROW,WEDNESDAY, JAN. 22. -The Fred Fister farm, on NorthMiddletown pike, - containing 212acres, will be sold at public auctionto-morrow, a't 10: 30 a. mV It will.besold in two tracts, and- then as awhole. No. 1 contains. 130.02. acres,with residence, and all outbuildings.No. 2 contains 82.38 acres, good ten-,ant house with fiye rooms and newfifteen-acre tobacco: barn. Liberalterpis. .. ".- d): OTWO ACCIDENTS.i;:-::.V.Vi!Xh::iSIMON'SFUR-TRIMMEDWINTER SUITS ATHALF PRICEThursday, Fridayand Saturday-THREE DAYS ONLYvSee Window DisplayHARRY SIMON' 224-228 West Main St., Lexington,Ky:Main Street, Paris, Ky.ingfnicely. M "Will Wyatt,has beett'a patientwftoat therHospital forseveral-weeks, where he underwentan operation, returned home Pri;A new patient at the Hospitalday.kins, in 'W&WaMMrWXP H3Trnx5Holmes yrareJogiiSe. -- Ju- -sufferer. Another mnuenza-pauent,Vliile feeding, chickens at herhome near Centerville", Mrs. WilliamSagaser fell on the frozen . ground,her head striking a snarp tock. inetemporal artery was seyefed, causinga dangerous hemorrhage before" (medical assistance couia arrive, outs i&now out of danger.Mrs. William J. Calvert, of. near JParis,- whose husband is a buyer onthe Paris tobacco market was thrownfrom a buggy Saturday 'afternopn,when the horse she was driving ranaway, and sustained painful bruisesand contusions. No bones .werebroken. -She was cfemoved to theMassie Memorial Hospital, wherecondition was reported yesterday asbeing very much improved "oEBEEJust ReceivedPuritan PhonographsPuritan RecordsThe PuritanO Phonograph Also Plays Any Other Disc Records.f - ' - -. :... ' s ." . -. ' ..- i , - " "T -...iAti the only Phonograph made with a lonhorn. The long horn not onlyamplifies and develop hut softens the sound. . ' 'IN ADDITION,. THE PURITAN PHONNGRAPH is one-fourth cheaperthan any other machine of Anything like similar workmanship and character.iPriced Fromto$350-.tuts;i. -THE PURITAN RECORDS ARE ALL DOUBLE DISC and sell uniformlyat .85 cents. To hear them is-to. buy them. '' iLet us demonstrate these PURITAN PHONOGRAPHS AND RECORDS.It'will be a pleasure for yeu and us. . .Wanted at Omce.50 wnite girls and women. to -selectturkey feathers. All year -work-verydesirable environment. OppofvtuTiitv tn make snlendid wages.fc Apply Dow Biulding, 201 lainfStreet -at-once. v. sr 3 -;.-, i(21-2t) FEATHER PltODUtZTSAi I.?1Terms to uSuit'T'Sijt.T.'cM 1rt4ft$A .THE J. T. HINTON CO.MOTOR HEARSE MOTOR INVALID COACH UNDERTAKINGVeiTMERRHONE" 36SIXTH AND MAIN ST-S-- s' .s.-- I-PAGE SIXTHE BOURBON HEWS, PARTS, KEHTUCKTTUESDAY, JANUARY 21, 111,li-rrvhf.A..... &ntuckun w&wjkmeLooking their BestIt is health, robust health,girl's good looks. If she gets sick,of health, she knows that personalworry, rney are ners. umi is meThe story of Mrs. Hattle Hamilton, 817 Myrtle Avenue, Latonia,Kentucky, is typical. She says: "Ihave never in all my life, until recently, weighed over 102 pounds.Finally, I began to take Peruna.My weight now is 120. "While Ididn't really need it, I have startedon the third bottle. Peruna hascertainly done me a great deal ofgood and I recommend it to myfriends. Several are taking it."It is surprising the amount of dependence placed by women everywhere upon Dr. Hartman's WorldFamous Peruna. For forty-fiveyears it has been a household remedy for coughs, colds, catarrh andall catarrhal inflammation whetherIn France alone, the AmericanRed Cross maintains 7,500 hospitalbeds and has 600 beds in its convalescent houses.Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets Geat the Cause and Remove ItDr. Edwards Olive Tablets, the substitute for calomel, act gently on the bowelsand nncifiuplw Hr ffiA wnrlr.BADEATHreopie amicieu witn uau ureatn una paruuenx oy .rreager, wno again exiTrk relief through Dr. Edwards nioino io . ,- ,-:auick relief through Dr. Edwards'Olive Tablets. The pleasant, sugarcoated tablets are taken for bad breathby all who know them. -& - .Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets act gentlybut firmly on the bowels and liver,stimulating them to natural action,clearing the blood and gently purifyingthe entire system. They do that whichdangerous calomel does without anyof the bad after effects. NI A11 the benefits of nasty, sickening,griping cathartics are derived from Dr.Edwards Olive Tablets without griping,pain or any disagreeable effects.Dr. F. M. Edwards discovered theformula after seventeen years of practice among patients afflicted withbowel and liver complaint, with theattendant bad breath. 6Dr. Edwards Olive Tablets art rmr1a vegetable compound mixed with olive fvu, yuu. wm auuw uie.ni uy uucii uuvccolor. Take one or two every night fora week and note the effect 10c and 25cper box. All druggists.Aetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityAnd OtherCasualtiesilA. J. FEEAGENTbrighter;EVENINGSNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.Vise: Glectria'tis Tor RgbtiNg. It's the only satisfactory way.use Setsfor fieatiKgaitd MingIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix You UpFtr the Use ! BethElectricity ani Gas.:ftPaHI ..aaaaVWan C-'jfe ', W jvPlaBaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaB'fikaaaaaaaaaaaVall tit Time Istte Chief Businessel tie Blue Grass Belles.The Secret of Their Beautythat is responsible for the Kentuckyshe proceeds to get well. Possessedcharm and attractiveness need notsecret.of the respiratory system, stomachor other oigan or part of the body.The record of Peiuna for nearlya half century is a startling one.Thousands have discovered and testify to its marvelous merit. Perunais sold everywhere. May be purchased in either liquid or tabletform. Your dealer has it. Ask forDr. Hartman's well-known PerunaTonic. Do not accept a substituteor "bomething just as good." Insistupon Peiuna.If you aie sick and suffering fromany cause whatever, write The Peruna Company, Dept. 76, Columbus,Ohio, for Dr. 'Hartman's HealthBook. The book is flee and mayhelp you Ask your dealer for aPeruna AlmanacMAIL FOR'AMERICAN SOLDIERSIN ERANCE UNDEIIVEIIEDFrom eight to ten carloads of mailfor American soldiers are undeliveredin France, Second Assistant Postmaster General Praeger told the Senate Postoffice Committee and "thousands and probably millions" of letters addressed to the men overseaswill arrive in New York soon to besent to the dead letter office wherean attempt will be made to returnthem to the writers.Blame for the failure to deliverthis mail was placed on the War De-plained that the army authoritieshandle all soldiers' mail in France,the Postoffice Department deliveringoutgoing mail at Hoboken and receiving returning mail at the Frenchports.Praeger said one way to improveconditions overseas would" be to senda force of experienced jmail clerks toFrance to deliver the mail to the soldiers. STOP LUMBAGO PAIN,RUB BACKACHE AWAYInstant Relief! Limber Up! RubPain, Soreness', Stiffness RightUut With St. JacobsLiniment."When you back is sore and lameor lumbago, sciatica or neuritis hasyou stiffened up, don't suffer! Get asmall trial bottle of old, honest "St.Jacobs Linijment" at any drug store,pour a little in your hand and rub itright into the pain or ache, and .bythe time you count fifty, the soreness and lameness is gone.Don't stay crippled! This soothing, penetrating liniment takes theache and pain right out -and ends themisery. It is magical, yet absolutely. harmless and doesn't burn or discolor Jthe skin.Nothing else stops lumbago, sciatica and lame back misery sopromptly and surely. It never disappoints! (adv)oRed Cross chapters in China organized native spinners to providewool for an order for 15,000 pairsof camel's hair socks.In one month 200,000school children enrolled asFilipinoJuniorRed Cross members.oWOMEN OP SEDENTERY HABITSWomen who get little exercise arelikely to be troubled with constipation and indigestion and will findChajmberlaln's Tablets highly beneficial. Not so good as a three or jfourmile walk every day, but very muchbetter than to allow the bowels toremain in a constipated condition.They are easy and pleasant to takeand most agreeable in effect. Obtainable everywhere.(jan-adv);ai!WEimilJanuaryCLEARANCEHrJ WIS 32.50 2) ID1 LOcltS $25.00upto ?inThese are some bargains.All we ask of you is to comein and see them.Big reductions in ShoesWaists, Dresses, Millinery,Skirts, Dry Goods, Etc.See Window Displays. Twin Bros.Department StoreMain and 7th Paris, Ky.SPARTACAN LEADERS KILLED BYGERMAN MOB.BERLIN, Jaunary 20. Dr. KarlLiebknecht and Rosa Luxemburg havebeen killed.Dr. Liebknecht was shot and killedwhen trying to escape as he was being taken to prison.Kosa Luxemburg, Liebknecht'schief lieutenant, was shot dead afterbeing beaten into unconsciousness bya mob in Berlin.Karl Paul August Friedrich Liebknecht was born at Leipsic on August 13, 1871. lie wa$$ a radical opponent of the militarist policies ofGermany, and this attitude broughtabout his trial on a charge of hightreason in 1907, following the appearance of an anti-military pamphlet written by him. He was convicted on a less serious count and sentto prison for eighteen months.Dr. Liebknecht visited America in1910 and lectured in New York. In1912 he was elected to the GermanReichstag from Potsdam and the nextyear caused a furore in Germany bybringing charges against the Krupps,saying that the organization wasinspiring war SDirit aerainst theFrench. He continued his attacks andin the course of debates mentionedEmperor William and the crownprince as being involved in the allegedconspiracy centering around KruppsWhen the great war broke out Dr.Liebknecht refused to do militarvduty, but was forced into an np-i-neer battalion on the Russian front.He did not cease his attacks jio-ainsf.the military system and on May 1,1916, was arrested for making an incendiary address at a May Day demonstration in Berlin. After trial hewas sentenced to prison for thirtymonths. From this sentence he appealed and on retrial was sentenceto jail for four years and one month.While in prison he continued to -writearticles, which were given clandestine circulation. One of his pamphlets accused the German governmentof being guilty of bringing on thewar. Dunne: his imnrisonrnpnt. Tipwas elected to the Reichstag fromSandau.After beimr in nrisnn .wn vpavband two months, he was released onuctooer 24, 1918. In the politicalcataclysm that developed in Germanyearlv in Novemhpr. TPsni finer in v,aabdication of Emperor William, hisfight and the establishment of a Socialist government, Liebknecht played a nrominent ttart. Dr. T.iphlrnoMifbecame leader of a radical Socialistfaction known as the Spartacus element. The rising tide of radicalismreached its crest in t.hp first wootJanuary, when the Spartacus cameinto armed conflict with troops loyalto the Ebert Government. Aftorweek of fighting the Spartacus wereaeieatea.Rosa Luxemburg was fnrmorlv'principal eaitor or tne Vorwaerts, theorgan of the German Socialists. Sheoften came into conflict with the authorities and twice underwent imprisonment for freely expressing herview on subjects connected with thegovernment. She was consistentlyopposed to the war and at one. timeher writing brought about criminalproceedings against leaders of theSocialist party. When the revolutionbroke out in Berlin early in November she was reputed to be the leaderoi tne most violent group of Socialists. Later she seconded Liebknechtm his efforts to organize the Spartacus element, although ho ctwr,,,,.ly opposed Liebknecht's -nm-naithat elections for the national assembly be held at once.oWORK THAT TELLSPlenty of It Has Been Done RightHere In Paris.To thoroughly know the virtuesof a medicine von must fnvPRHptftits work. Doan's Kidney Pills standthis test, and plenty of proof existsright here in Paris. People who testified years ago to relief from backache, kidney and urinary disorders,now give confirmed testimony declare the results have lasted. Howcan any Paris sufferer longer doubtthe evidence?Mrs. J. T. Martin, 1024 Main St.,Paris, says: "Kidney trouble came onfrom a fall and the results were verysevere, causing me more sufferingthan the fall itself. No one can everknow what I went through at thattime for I suffered awfully. My backached and pained until I thought itwould break in two. Sharp twingesshot through my kidneys and if anyone had hit me in the back wdth aheavy axe it coulnd't have hurtworse. In one week after using Doan's Kidney Pills, I felt like a different woman, for they fixed me up infine shape." (Statement given February 17, 1908.)On November 9, 1916, Mrs. Martinsaid: "Doan's Kidney Pills havemade a cure for me and it has beenpermanent."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsirrmlv ask for a. THrinpv Tarnarlv o-pDoan's Kidney Pills the same that IMrs. Martin had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo', N. Y. (adv)oThought Ht Wat "Kidding."One day a Dublin grave digger wwrfelatf very hard broke his spade. HeMat his little son for a new one andold him to tell the shopkeeper hewovld pay him when he was finished.Whtn the boy "came back empty-handed,his father asked him why he .didbring the spade. "Because," seidboy, Mhe chased me away when Iaim ytm would pay him when yeemme omt of the grave.THE GIST OF.IT. ."Last December T liail a vr u.vere cold and 'was nearly down sickin bed. I bought two bottles otChamberlain's Cough Remedy and itwas only a very few days until I wasrestored to health." writes O xTOBACCO MARKETSBourbon Tobacco WarehouseFriday, Jan. 17.The Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCompany sold Friday a total of218,010 pounds of tobacco for$90,828.64, an average of $41.66per hundred pounds. The followingcrop averages were reported:Turney & Florence sold 3,370pounds, average, $47.91.Miller & Crump sold 4,695pounds, average, $57.58.Fister & Florence sold 2,935pounds, average, $34.29.Newton Hedges sold 1,580 pounds,average, $34.59.Meteer & Dryden sold 3,055pounds, average, $50.55.Fister & Florence sold 3,205pounds, average, $51.48.McClintock, Collier & Eads sold1,855 pounds, average, $34.39.Poole & Feeback sold 2,750pounds, average, $47.10.Craycraft & Syden sold 4,960pounds, average, $43.58.Clark & Crouch sold 4,145 pounds,average, $40.97.Rankin & Miller sold 3.960 nounds.average, $45.18.Clark & Dale sold 2,530 pounds,average, $44.89.Shanklin & Green sold 7.950pounds, average, $41.79.Long & Elliott sold 3,600 pounds,averaere. S40.93.Duncan & Tarr sold 3,495 pounds,average, $30.97.Henry Sousley sold 3,020 pounds,average, $35.88.Kuster & Son sold 3,160 pounds,average, $56.50.J. F. Ingels sold 3,255 pounds,average, $51.17.Letton & Mclntyre sold 4,950pounds, average, $43.96.E. S. Barton sold 3,645 pounds,average, $44.47.Mclntyre & Robinson sold 6,155pounds, average, $53.10.Barton & Massey sold 4,620 pounds,average, $47.94.Woodford & Pridemore sold 2.fl?npounds, average, $51.51.Meteer & Son sold 2,730 pounds,average, $40.10.Wesselman & Cleveland sold l.OKnpounds, average, $57.76.McClintock, Collier N& Eads sold1,640 pounds, average, $41.05.Jones & Mason sold 2,160 pounds,average, $58.30.Clay & Donaldson sold 2,470pounds, average, $48.10.Crouch & Mason sold 6,240 pounds,average, $42.08.Strawder & "Wess sold 1,005 pounds,verage, $52.84.Burris & Halyl sold 1,955 pounds,.verage, $32.52. NBrannan & Hall sold 1,450 pounds,average, $42.36.Brennan & Argo sold 3,470 pounds,verage, $57.86.Burris & Henderson sold 5,005pounds, average, $49.21.1 1 i? fRevised PricesThe assurance of material for quantityproduction of Buick cars enables theBuick Motor Company to establish thefollowing prices on the various Buickmodels, effective January first, 1919.These prices will not be changed duringour present dealers' selling agreements.Three Passenger Open Model H-Six-44 - $1495Five Passenger Open MQdel H-Six-45 - - 1495Four Passenger Closed Model H-Six-46 - 1985Five Passenger Closed Model H-Sixi47 - - 2195Seven Passenger Open Model H-Six-49 - 185Seven Passenger Closed Model H-Six-50 - 2585Buick Motor Company, Flint, MichiganPioneer Builders of Valve-in-Head Motor CarsIXiBli BourbonXDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4 Wert Fifh Streett . i h pTpijMpr'"""""WiH JewiMlMiV aSt'lr Sri- sZST T -r W1TT7 3 k.'-.1-.. (I.'. -. (jtZT'v '. J -Va1tjrr GJS&J3Z5rXl,The Bourbon LaundryParis, KentuckyXNew Toll Rate Effective January21st, 1919Order No. 2495 of the Telegraph and Telephone Administrationissued hy the Postjmaster General at Washington, December 13th, a newtoll rate is ordered effective Januarry 21, 1919.According to our interpretation of this order the toll rates will hclassified as follows: The day rate applies between the liour of 4:30 am. and 8:30 p. m. , i . mNight rate between 8:30 and 12 midnight for station-to-station messages only, shall be approximately 50 per cent, less than any day rates,but no night rate for less than 25 cents.Another night rate between 12 midnight and 4:30 a. m. shall be approximately 75 per cent, less than the day rate, but no night rate leasthan 25 cents.Person-to-person messages shall be approximately 25 per cent,higher than station-to-station rates.Appointment calls shall be approximately 50 per cent, higher thanstation-to-station calls. vCalls which require service of a messenger shall take the appointment rate, plus cost of messenger fee.A report charge of approximatly 25 per cent, of the station-to station rate will be made on all person-to-person calls, when person desiredis not in or will not talk or if party calling is out when connection is completed within one hour after filing time.Paris Home Telephone & Telgraph Co.(Incorporated.)J. J. VEATCH,District ManagerEVBRYBOOT KNOWSMVI-IN-HEAD MEANS BUKXIIIKIILaundryXfllTinrinTlfllllniTinrinTi mi ?.?dflt IDTAbl I unXOUR WATCHWORD!a,With all the latest improve- Sig monta in laTmr?T7 QTvnliimpociand GxriGrt helners we are KII Ti-rorkQ-ror? Tr Ar -mrviAr irffn tilM .vfc't",'" v vm.. .mi, mnor to none, and solicit mvnnr nntrnnncrpi .7 x. w ,.II'AJ.W. H. CANNON.local Manage;3 iA Vvy.Metcalfe, Weatherby, Mo. If vouParis Gas & Electric Co.would know the value nf fhia remedy, ask anv one who "ha nanA iC. S. BALL GARAGEObtainable everywhere(Incorporated)rM-c;yrjKTgH'llllMgT(janadv), TUESDAY, JANUARY 21, 1919.THE BOUBBOBT NEWS, PAWS, KENTUCKYPAGIPOPULAB PABISBOY TEAK SEER-BED TO SOTJTHEBN OEEICEMr. Thomas Parker, son of Mrs.feorge Parker, of this city, who hasteen in. charge of the local Westernrnion telegraph office for severalt-eeks, has heen transferred to Jacksonville, Florida, where he will takean important position in the office.Young Parker is rated as one ofthe best operators in the service, andha held many responsible positionsfn the service of the Western Union.-ae -ft-as stationed at Middlesborome time ago, where the MiddlesJro daily papers gave him fervidnraise for his ability as an opeerator?nd manager. Parker is bound toriaice good any place he is stationed,and may, in time, with his youthand experience be promoted to one ofthe best places in the gift of the-RVctern Union.PROHIBITION AMENDMENT HATCHED BL 37 STATES(OH ACCOUNT OE DEATH OE MISSIBENE FUjGrAZZI THE SCHOOLWILL BE CLOSED TOR ONEWEEK.)To Secure the Bestpositions You PrepareFor Them.Iu cannot afford to take anyeliaaces in selection of a businessEchool for your boy or your girl oryourself You don't have to go byguess work a little investigationill convince you that the FugazziSchool of Business can offer youmore advantages give you a bettermore thorough and more efficienttraining than, you can get atthe average school and as good as thebest schools in the country.Our corps of teachers is unsur-WASHINGTON, January 20.Legislatures of 37 states one morethan the required thr;ee fourths haveratified the prohibition constitutionalamendment.Several State Assemblies now insession as expected took action.It was a very close race between Nebraska, Missouri and Minnesota as to which will be the thirty-sixxn on ine list.Ratification was completed Wednesday by the Legislatures of fivestates Iowa, Colorado, Oregon, NewHampshire and Utah making a totalof 12 in two days.Of the 35 states that have taken action, only 14 have certified theiraction to the Federal State Department. They are Virginia, Kentucky,North Dakota, South Carolina, Maryland, South Dakota, Texas, Montana,Delaware, Massachusetts, Arizona,Georgia, Louisiana and Michigan.The amendment, under its provisions, becomes effective one yearfrom the date of its final ratification.Additional legislation by Congress isnecessary to make it operative, andgroundwork for this already has beenlaid. This legislation will prescribepenalties for violations of the amendment and determine how and by whatagencies the law shall be enforced.If ratification is completed thismonth, many officials here believe thecountry will become permanently"dry" next July 1, the date on whichi the special war-time prohibition recently enacted by Congress goes intoeffect.This law prevents the manufactureand sale of intoxicants for beveragepurposes, and remains in force untilthe demobilization of the nation'swar armies is completed.Court action to prevent the amendment becoming operative already hasbeen started in California, where anorder temporarily restraining Governor Stephens from the ratificationhas been obtained. It has been intimated that similar action may betaken in other states in which, it ishat the only two amendments ratifiedin the last half century, providing forincome taxes and direct election ofSenators, were considered effectiveimmediately the thirty-sixth state hadtaken affirmative action.Senator Morris Shephard, author ofthe prohibition amendment, held thatnational prohibition becomes a permanent fact January 16, 1920.Only 14 of the states have certifiedtheir action to the State Department.The vote of the Mississippi Legislature, the first to act, has not beenreceived.The Mississippi Secretary of Statesaid Thursday that the certificate hadbeen mailed to Washington immediately after the Legislature acted.MOTHER! GIVE CHILD"SYRUP OE nGS IETONGUE IS COATEDIfCross, Eeverish, Sick, Bilious,Clean Little liver andBowels.WASHINGTON, January 20.Here are a few of the things, it isclaimed, that prohibition will do :Close at a stroke 236 distilleries,992 breweries and more than 300,000saloons and wholesale liquor houses,forcing their employees to seek otheriobs.Cut off from these persons anannual income totaling more than$70,000,000 in pre-war times.Cut off from the United StatesTreasury a source of taxation counted upon for an even $1,000,000,000in the first drafts of the new revenuebill and millions in additional incomeso city and state treasuries.Remove the liquor question fromnational, state and city polities forall time, and help decrease city, stateand Federal expense by decreasinglaw violations.Improve public health and increaselongevity to the economic value ofbillions of dollars. .Bring about a rapid decreasemany forms of insanity.oinChildren love this "fruit laxative,"and nothing else cleanses the tenderstomach, liver and bowels so nicely.A child simply will not stop playing to empty its bowels, and the result is, they become tightly cloggedwith waste, liver gets sluggish, stomach sour, then Your little one becomes cross, half-sick, feverish, don'teat, sleep or act naturally, breath isbad, system full of cold, has sorethroat, stomach-ache or diarrhoea.Listen, mother! See if tongue iscoated, then give a teaspoonful of"California Syrup of Figs," and in alew hours all the constipated waste,sour bile and undigested food passesout of the system, and you have awell, playful child again.Millions of mothers give "California Syrup of Figs" because it is perfectly harmless; children love it, andit .never fails to act on the stomachand liver and bowels.Ask your druggist for a bottle of"California Syrup of Figs," whichhas full directions for babies, children of all ages and for grown-upsplainly printed on the bottle. Beware of counterfeits sold here. Getthe genuine, made by "California Fig ISyrup Company." Refuse any otherkind with contempt.HIMIlllllllllMllllHUIMIIIIIIIIIIIItlHIIIIllillGIKLS! GIKLS1TEYIT!STOP DANDRUEE ANDBEAUTIEY YOUR HAIRnaased and though our school is un- taken m other states m wmcn, it is!w Trmnsort of about 200 stu- said, state laws require that Federalnnv rmnosed of about 200 studcats individual instruction isgiren to each.The high opinion in which business men held the Fugazzi School isreflected in the great demand for ourgraduates which demand we do notbegin to be able to fill.Write for booklet or call at theschool. Day and Night Classes.Fugazzi School ofBusiness"Efficiency Is Our Watchword."MISS IRENE FUGAZZI, Principal.MRS. L. V. JONES, Ass't. Prin.118 N. Upper St.. Second Eioor.Lexineton. Kv.constitutional amendments must besubmitted to a referendum.The prohibition amendment resolution passed by Congress provides thatratification shall be by "the Legislatures of the several states as provided by the constitution."The resolution follows :"Resolved by the Senate and Houseof Representatives of the UnitedStates of America in Congress assembled (two thirds of each House concurring therein), that the followingamendment to tne constitution oe,and hereby is, proposed to the states,to become valid as a part of the constitution when ratified by the Legislatures of the several states as providedby the constitution:"Article 1 Section 1 After oneyear from the ratification of thisarticle the manufacture, sale or transportation of intoxicating liquorswithin, the importation thereof intoHair Stops Falling Out and GetsThick, Wavy, Strong andBeautiful.It is not certain that the Englishlanguage will be official at the peaceconference, but it will at least be understood.BIG SHOE BILLSi51919Wilmot h & Co.Extend to all theirpatrons and friendsNEW YEAR'SGREETINGSYour hair becomes light, wavy,fluffy, abundant and appears as soft,lustrous and beautiful as a younggirl's after a "Danderine haircleanse." Just try this moisten acloth with a little Danderine andcarefully draw it through your hair,taking one small strand at a time.This will cleanse the hair of dust,dirt and excessive oil and in just afew moments you have doubled thebeauty of your hair.Besides beautifying the hair atonce, Danderine dissolves every particle of dandruff; cleanses, purifiesand invigorates the scalp, foreverstopping itching and falling hair.But what will please you mostwill be after a few weeks' use whenyou will actually see new hair fineand downy at first yes but reallymBE CUTA cordial invitationis extended to thegeneral public for ashare of its businessduring 1919.WILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376If you care for pietty, soft hair andlots of it, sueiiy get a small bottleof Knowlton's Danderine from anydruggist or toilet counter for a fecents. (adv)0"SAVE A LIEE."or the exportation thereof from the new hair growing all over the scalp-....-. 1 1 . - T. . . ....United States ana an territory sudject to the jurisdiction thereof forbeverage purposes is hereby prohibited. "Section 2 The Congress and theseveral states shall have concurrentpower to enforce this article by appropriate legislation."I inoperative unless it shall have beenratified as an amendment to the constitution by the Legislatures of theseveral states, as provided in the constitution, within seven years from thedate of the submission hereof to thestates by Congress."The resolution was passed by theSenate, 65 to 20, on August 1, 1917,and by the House, 282 to 128, onDecember 17, 1917. Mississippi wasthe first state to ratify the amendment, its Legislature acting on January 8, 1918."I will always wear shoes with NeolinSoles," writes Mr. M. Newman of theI. Newman Mfg. Co. of Minneapolis."They are superior soles in every way,waterproof, more comfortable and moredurable. After many months of wearthey remain in good condition."Mr. Newman, and millions of others,have found that the answer to the shoebill problem lies in getting soles thatwear a long time Neolin Soles.They are scientifically made, verytough and yet have the other qualitiesthat soles should have comfort andabsolute waterproofness. Get Neolinsoled shoes for your whole family.They are found nearly everywhere andin all styles. Have worn shoes repaired with Neolin Soles. They areimade by The Goodyear Tire & RubberCompany, Akron, Ohio, who also makeWingfoot Heels guaranteed to outwear any other heels.The J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMMRSParis Ky.Mainand SixthStreetsDay phone 31Nlsht s . . 36or Home 2SCMotor equipment .Ambulance calls promptly attended to withLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.ourtflllMIMlMMIlltlHimtHHItlHHA MAN AND HIS WIFEmay both derive satisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings U3.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 Home Phone 169 2eNolin Soles1 u Ma-u dot. U. S. Pat. OS,JEFFERSON CITY, MO., January20.--The Missouri Legislature Thursday Tatified the Federal prohibitionamendment, when the House concurred in the Sraate resolution by avote of 154 to 36, being the thirtyseventh State to ratify.Margolen'sHome-KilledMM ATSFRESHFISHDressed to Order.WASHINGTON, D. C, January 20.Under the terms of the amendmenthe manufacture, sale and importationof intoxicating liquors must ceaseone year after ratification, but prohibition will be a fact in every statemuch earlier because of the warmeasure forbidding the manufactureand sale of alcoholic beverages afterJune 30 until the demoblization of themilitary forces is completed.Under the war-time measure exportation of liquor is permitted, butthe great stocks held in bonded warehouses will have to be disposed of before the Federal amendment becomeseffective.Discussion as to whether the newamendment becomes a part of theconstitution, or whether it becomes apart of the basic law only when eachstate nas cernnea ire action uj meSecretarv of State, led Thursday to asearch for precedent, which showedf&dOS?I Xx?S&&-&. f JESHHBiK Li 20MARGOLEN'SSanitary -Meat -MarketHazelwoodSanatoriumFor the Treatment ofTuberculosisMaintained by the LouisvilleAaU-Tuberculosis Association forthe adequate treatment of tuber'cufcwis in all its stages at less thancost. Rates $15.00 per week, including board, medical attention,laundry, etc High ground commanding extensive view. Delightful surroundings. Special rates forex-soldiere; free treatment i! meceesWTrwbenew possible. Sind for DurlftlvBnUtt v ThjttcUn In Chars; MaxJwdSaKtrixmSvin 2, LwltvUlt, Xj.JOCKThe News Job Department is Always Busy."There's a Reason." Work Done Right!The appeal will be sounded thelength 'and breadth of Kentuckyduring the coming campaign forArmenian and Syrian Relief theweek of January 26, when this Statewill be aske'd to save the lives of 5,000 sufferers by contributing $300,000 towards the annual campaignfor ?30,000,000.The sum sought is recognized asbeing the smallest asked in anyhumanitarian campaign growing outof the war, but the purpose is without parallel, as the amount named isasked of the American people in, order to sustain through the winterand into next summer, when theywill be in a position to help themselves, 3,950,000 . Christians andJews living in Asia Minor, the Caucasus, Armenia, Persia, Syria andNorthern Egypt.The quota which Kentucky willbe privileged to subscribe is onewhich persons acquainted with conditions in the State are confidentwill be surpassed in a single day ofsolicitation. Every county in theState will be asked to join in thegiving, so that the fund will besought everywhere on a uniformbasis.The State organization for Kentucky is rapidly being completed,and indeed the utmost speed is required in view of the nearness ofthe campign. The Rev. Dr. E. L.Powell, of Louisville, who is known-throughout Kentucky because of hisconnection as pastor of the FirstChristian church in the State's metropolis, has been chosen as the StateDirector for the Campaign, and within a day or so the entire State machine will be in working order,County Chairmen in every countyare in the process of selection, andcounty quotas will be announcedwhen the organization is perfected.Though the campaign is sanctioned by Congress, Governmental aid tothe stricken peoples of the nearEast is not possible because theyhave no government to which a loancould be made. The Red Cross likewise endorses the project,- and thearrangement is such that there is nooverlapping of effort in relief work.o :BAD COLD QUICKLY BROKEN IIPMrs. Martha Wilcox, Gowanda, N.Y., writes: "I first used Chamberlain's Cough Remedy about eightyears ago. At that time I had ahard cold and coughed most of thetime. It proved to be just what Ineeded. It broke up the cold in afew days, and the cough entiielydisappeared. I have told many of myfriends of the good I receivedthrough using this medicine, and allwho have used It speaks of it in thehighest terms." Obtained everywhere. ., ... . ji t(jan-adv)EDW. BURKE. President.H. S. CAYWOOD. Vice-President. JOHN T. COLLINS. Manager.Edw. BurkeSam.' ClayJas. M. CaldwellBobt. E. BeattyLuther StiversC. D. WilsonDIRECTORSJ. L. DentonW. M. BodeersA. B. HancockJno. T. CollinsS. B. BurrisA. L. StephensonH. S. CaywoodTHE BOURBONTobacco Warehouse Co.(Incorporated)Total Sales to Christmas 164,415 lbs. . Average $30.97Average week ending Jan. 18th, 1,960,805 poundsfor $453,103.29For entire season, 3,125,615 poundsfor $1,173,546.53WeLead theIt Will Pay You to Try to Get In.Average $41.31Average $37.54tStateNEXT SALETO-DAYThe Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Co.(Incorporated)PARIS, KENTUCKY"tH.tfiC&'v:J?.Ah?"n-Z2r- ' tV"" r&S-- 'sfl.A.-spks&MH EIGHTTHE B0U1B0N HEWS, PAEIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, JANUARY 21. 1115.H!-$vDEATHS.by Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of theEaVJs Christian church. .The pall-hearers were Dr. W. C.Ussery, Chas. P. Clark, X. D. Harris,J. "Will Thomas, Bishop Hibler, A. L.Slicer, R. F. Clendenin, A. B. Lovell.W3LMOTT.Funeral services for Mr. I. Franklj j BUCKNER..f j William Buckner, aged thirty-ltrrk riipri Snfnrrlav a f fern ruin at thAipme of his father, Mr. Walker "j?0"' af eighty-five years oneBftckrier. near Cane Ridge, after a5of e best-known residents of theiftr 4iiM? nf MamA?, rr-ha county, who died at his home nearUUVAV U1UUO ui irucuiuuuith i"V I ... , , . - . -. .nuicnisonrinis .couniy. jrnaay nmui.! after an 'illness of many months, was'sunaaytfdheral was held at two o'clock yesterday, afternoon, with services atfnL .n-ivi in t,0.TQric, nam held at the family residence,! jKe is survived, besides his father, teon; at IiSO'clock, the Rev.Ifey one brother, Mr. Woodford Buck- ,V B' oi nexinsura. ung.f3r. aitf one sister, Mrs. Sue,Buckner The interment took-place on the fam-Hinkle the latter residing i Kansas " - ,,"L -"C"-5W" &Q$ty ; - ,, :. r The pall-hearers were C. S. Wil-1 ' PETERS I 1UUI',' JA" 3 -PWW, iCllJ BlUUVIUgii, HI.i P. Clavbrook 'and J. Wi Jacoby. AnI Oliver H-. peter, aged ' seventy- lsn.nrt-'fmm MArHnir T,nflw t n ofseven, apainter by. trade, died at his 0f Lexiugtb.n, of which he had beenhome in North Middletown, "of a com-jplication of diseases. Besides his,"widow he is survived by a son, Teddy(Peters, stationed in the army, servicejktj Camp Sherman, near .Chillecothe,!to. and one daughter, Mrs. Tilden-i3ee, of North Middletown.jl ;Thq funeral was held at fourMjolclbck Saturday afternoon, with serIjyices conducted at the grave in theKNortfh Middletown Cemetery by Rev.Ff M. Tinder, pastor of the NorthSMjduletown Christian Church.ZTness and helpfulness. The news ofher death will be heard with deepregret by all who knew and lovedher for her many," noble qualities ofmind and heart. .The school of which she was theexecutive head, it was '.'announcedwill be closed for two weeks, untilarrangements can be made for it reopening. -, ".DmniiTTnirXJ FITZPATRICK.I The funeral of Mrs. Sarah E.fitzpatrick, aged fifty-nine, who diedtT her. home, near Escondida, thiscounty, Friday night, after -.a long.illness , of pulmonary tuberculosis,fXs held at the graveside in theWinchester Cemetery, Sunday afterinoon, at two o'clock.' .'Mrs. Fitzpatrick was the 'wife ofrilfc Samuel Fitzpatrick. Besides herjliusband she is survjlved by ten children, lKuis Fitzpatrick, of Paris,f'Jstmes Fitzpatrick, of Clark county,'Dillard Fitzpatrick, of Indianapolis,tin!., Mrs. Mollie Talbott, of Austerilitz, Allen Fitzpatrick, Charles Fitz1 Patrick, Mrs. Thos. Abnee, Jesse! Fitzpatrick and Miss Bertha FitzpatJiick, of Escondida; one sister, Mrs.JE. J. Baber, of Escondida, and twobrothers, William and Charles Jordan, of Winchester.BURLEY.Mrs. W." W. Burley, wife of ajformer well-known resident of Paris,died at her home in Wyandotte,Mich., last week, from a short illnessd ' to an attack of acute indigestion..i t'r. and Mrs. Burjley moved from;3?aris to Wyandotte about two years;ago. They were highly esteemed byjail their friends and neighbors. Mrs.'jBiiriey was a devoted member of the4pa-ris Christian church, and was1f&ithful in her attendance at all the.meetings until her failing health interfered. Besides her husband she is survived by four sons; Mr. A. L. Burley, ofParis. Mr. Wm. Burley, of Wyan-a memoer lor larty years, attendedthe funeral and burial.Mr. Willmott was descendant ofGen. Wilmott, who won fame in Mex-;ican war, and whose body is buriedon the Wilmott lot in the LexingtonCemetery. He was twice married,first to Miss Turner and then to MissBoone. By his first marriage heleaves two children, W. T. Wilmott,of Shelbyville, and Brooks Wilmott,of Hutchison. Six children by hissecond marriage survive him. MissesKate, Lula and Edith Wilmott, andBoone, Carl and James Wilmott, allof this county.Early in life he became an active(member of the Antioch Christianchurch and his earnestness and cleanliness of word and thought are asweet memory to those he has leftbehind. For more than three-scoreyears he was an interested memberof the Odd Fellows Lodge, takinggreat pride in that institution and inthe work of the lodge for the orphans.FUGAZZI.Miss Irene Fugazzi, 31 yearsold, principal of the Fugazzi Schoolof Business, at 120 North Upperstreet, and one of Lexington's bestknown and most progressive youngbusiness "women, died at her home,245 Lexington avenue, yesterday(morning at 3 o'clock, of bronchialpneumonia, superinduced by influenza, following an illness of abouttwo weeks.Miss Fugazzi was the daughterof Fred Fugazzi, retired confectioner. As a child she resided inParis for several years, her fatherconducting a fruit stand and conctionery in the building now occupiedby Harry Linville. The family moved to Lexington, where Mr. Fugazziconducted a fruit business in tltebuilding at the corner of Main andLimestone.A little over two years ago, MissFugazzi established the FugazziSchool of Business, which has been asuccess from the start. From a modest beginning, the institution grewand flourished and this year enrolledMr. Chas. D. Roebuck, who diedat his home in Van Wert, Ohio, somedays ago, was one of the best-knownrailroad telegraphers 'in the -country.Mr. Roebuck was a resident of Parisfor some time, residing with hisfamily, in the two-story cottage onMain street, adjoining the presenthome of Rev.' W. E. Ellis'. ' "THE NEWS is in receipt of a copyof the Paulding (Ohio) Democrat,with the following obituary of Mr.Roebuck:"Charles D Roebuck, aged '43years, died last Tuesday morning,, athis home at Van Wert, of pneumonia."He was taken ill on New Year'sday, and his attack baffled the bestmedical assistance, resulting fatally."Deceased with his family had resided in Van Wert during the pastyear, moving there fr6m Rockford,and was employed as train dispatcherof the C. N. railroad."Besides his wife, who was formerly Miss Chloe Bashore, daughterof Mr. and Mrs. F. M. Bashore. Mr.Roebuck is survived by two children,Frank, aged 11 years, and daughter,Burban, aged 13 years. He is alsosurvived by his mother, three brothers and four sisters."The funeral was held at the homeat Van Wert, conducted by Rev. A.H. Weaver, pastor of the PauldingMethodist Episcopal church, and theremains were borught to Pauldingfor interment in Live Oak cemetery."Deceased was a member of VanWert Commandery Knights Templar, and they accompanied the -remainshere for interment. PauldingKnights Templar also turned outand accompanied the funeral cortegefrom the train to the cemetery as aproper mark of respect."Mr. Roebuck's decease came as asurprise to his friends and acquaintances, as he had been in the best ofhealth up to the day he. was taken ill."The hand of death has certainlyrested heavily upon the family ofMrs. Martha Bashore, mother of thiswidow, in the recent past. This isthe fifth death of near relatives inthe past couple of months. Two sons,a son-in-law, a brother, and a niecehave been taken. The sincere, sympathy of every acquaintance is exrtended her and the other membersot the family."rv o-BIRTHS.fdotte, Mich., Mr. Owen Burley, of more than 30D students from all overRochester, N. Y., and Mr. Orris Bur-, the Bluegrass.ley; of Ashland, Ky. Bright, charming and possessingThe body of Mrs. Burley arrived j fine mana'gerial ability, Miss Fugazziin Paris, Sunday, and was taken to j inspired her students with enthusite home)f her son, Mr. A. L. Bur- asm and diligence in mastering aley, from where" the funeral was held J practical business course; and manyServices were conducted at the grave j young women, who are holding goodternoon at 3:30 o'clock, conducted world, owe their success to her kind-1 women are taught district nursing.In Sioux City, Iowa, to the wifeof Mr. Luther Hall, formerly j ofParis, a daughter, christened MarionLoraine Hall. Mrs. Hali was .formerly Miss Ollie Dennison, of Clarkcounty.o ,, ,The Red Cross dispensary servicein Paris nas a scnooi wuwe r i ouuSpecial Bargains!Newest Novelties in Men'sWomen's and Children'sFootwearbought for the Holiday tradegreatly reduced. Styles and pricesthat will appeal to the economicalshoppers.Visit our store and you willbe convinced this is thebest money-saving place inDEPENDABLEFOOTWEARLadies' Havana Brown English (sBoots, calf tops pO.UULadies Dark Gray boots,, with cloth 4JC QCtops to match, custom made 0.0Ladies' Black English Boots fco OOat... p.WLadies' Mahogany Tan English jo aqBoots, cloth tops to match, at npO.tVMisses' Gun Metal, button dj-i qqMen's Dark Tan English Walk- tfjc CAOver and other famous makes pO.OMen's Tan English, Best Makes, 6a KfMen's Gun Metal Wajk-Over, fco AEnglish VT. $0.Men's and Boys' E. J. Best Wear- tfjo aqing Shoes, heavy flexible soles pD.xBoys' Tan Army Shoes ijfc A.QDAN COHENParrs' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy ReignijThe American Ked Cross has donated ?75,000 for child welfarework in Great Britain.Send That Next Job of Printing to ThejBourbon News. Best WorkRight Prices.An Announcement of Interest to Every Man and Young Man In Bourbon CountyJ. W. Davis & Co.V ,svPre-(Inventory Clearance SaleOf Men's Furnishings and Ready-to-WearSuits and OvercoatsBefore taking stock on February 1st, we have decided to clear ourstocks of all winter merchandise. Starting to-day, we place on saleDavis Quality Merchandise at lowered prices. The prices have comedown, but the quality remains at its famously high level.MANHATTANSHIRTS$2.00vgrade now $ 1 .65$2.25-$2.50 grade now. 1 ,85$3.00 grade now 2.25$3.50 grade now 2.85$4.00 grade' now 3,25$5 .00 ' grade now . 3.95$6.00 grade now 4.35$7.50 grade now 6.65$10.00 grade now 7.95Same prices apply on allWooKand Flannel ShirtsSuits and Overcoats$20.00 Suits and Overcoats now SI 6.5 O$22.50 Suits and Overcoats now 1 S.50$25.00 Suits and Overcoats now 20.00$27. 50 Suits and Overcoats now 21 .50$30.00 Suits and Overcoats now 24,00$32.50 Suits and Overcoats now 26.50$35.00 Suits and Overcoats now 29.00$40. 00 Suits and Overcoats -now 34.00$45.00 Suits and Overcoats now. . . . . . 39,00$50.00 Suits and Overcoats riowt 4400$75.00 Suits and Overcoats now 69.00Boys' Suits and Overcoats at20 Per Cent. Reduction.UNDERWEARWinter Shirts and Drawers98cPer Garment vFormer price $1.50.NECKWEAR75c grade now 55c$1.00 grade now 75c$1.50 grade now. . 1 . . .$ 1 1 5$2.00 grade now $1.45I -CopjrijhtlHSTk Xoum of XuppafctiatTHESEARE CASHJ. W. DAVIS&CO.NOTHINGCHARGED. -.