$Li'''FVtvUA" 't- ' " Y"tJ,,-- $ vift', 4THErNEWS'-,-rxi- AvKU'- "PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.vt(VOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1919VBOURBON vn lijgff1JIA5 KILLED BY TRAIN AT CARLISLE.Add Ginn, an aged farmer of Nicholas county, was struck and killedfcy the early L. & N. train fromMaysville, at Carlisle, Wednesdaymorning. The accident occurred atthe Dorseyville crossing in that city.The train, which runs "betweenMaysville, Paris, Lexington and Louisville, was approaching the passenger station in Carlisle, when the unfortunate man, who was about threehundred yards north of the station,misjdging the speed, attempted tocross to the other side. Ginn wassomewhat deaf, and it is thoughtthat he did not hear the warningwhistle sounded hy the engineer. Hewas knocked down and instantlykilled, his "body being badly mangled.When the train, which was incharge of Engineer Tom Rice andConductor E. R. Thompson, reachedParis, about thirty minutes after theaccident, section men and yardmenfound a piece of the victim's skull,with a patch of gray hair clingingto it, hanging to the cowcatcher ofthe engine.oIMPORTANT CHURCH MEETINGTO BE HELD TO-DAY.A meeting of much interest tothe memhers of the Mission Circlesand Triangle Clubs of the Christianchurches of Paris, North Middletown and Little Rock will be held inthe parlors of the Paris church, tonight at seven o'clock.Miss Lola Conner, InternationalSecretary for Mission Circles, andMrs. W. C. Stanley, the State Secretary, will be present, and will address the members on subjects of vital importance to the cause of missions. Mrs. Louise Campbell, StateSecretary of the C. W. B. M., willmeet the women of tha,t organization at the same time and place.The members of these societies atNorth Middletown and Little Rockare cordially invited to be present.GAME LAWS VINDICATED.In the past few weeks over seventy-sevenconviction for violationof. the fish and game laws have beensecured by game wardens in theState employ. Of this number fivewere secured in Bourbon county byCounty Game Warden DouglasThomas, Sr.oPALMER SCHOOL RAISES $118.The "box supper given hy heteacher and pupils of the PalmerSchool netted the sum of $118,which will be applied to the benefitof the fund for the Kentucky Childrens' Home, at Louisville. Thisschool, of which Miss Nora E. Hutson is teacher, was apportioned thesum of $170 for this cause. The remaining $52 will be raised in thenear future.j?KRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSGreatReductionsONHigh ClassSuits'Xand&SkirtsFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERS!Automobile DeliveryTHESE ARE GOOD PRIZESThrough an arrangement betweenthe Kentucky Tuberculqsis Association and the Savings Division, WarLoan Organizations of Kentucky,prizes aggregating $500 in WarSavings Stamps have been offered tothe pupils of Kentucky for the bestessays to be submitted to the Ken-tucKy Tuoercuiosis Association inthe Republic Building before December 15.The primary purposes of the essays is to be enable the child to formulate a few simple health lawswhich he may consciously use himself and pass thenuon to others.The prizes will be awarded for thebest essay written on the followingsubjects:Eleventh and Twelfth Grades"Why Should I Buy ' Red CrossChristmas Seals?" First prize $100,second prize $70 and third prize $30.Ninth and Tenth Grades "WhatDoes the Modern Health CrusadeMean?" First prize $50, secondprize $35 and third prize $15.Eighth Grade "If You Have Tuberculosis, How May You Be Cured?How May You Prevent Others FromTaking It?" First prize $50, secondprize $35 and third prize $15.Seventh Grade "Is the PublicHealth a Necessity or a Luxury?"First prize $25, second prize $17.50,third prize $7.50.Sixth Grade "The Life Historyof the Common House Fly." Firstprize $25,000, second prize $17.50and third prize $7.50.The pupils of all public, privateand parochial schools in the Statewhose academic qualifications placethem in the Sixth Grade or above asmeasured by the State course ofstudy. No essay should containmore than a thousand words.The county school superintendents shall choose three judges toread all essays submitted in theircounty. They in turn will submitthe essays they choose to threejudges named by the Kentucky Tuberculosis Association, who will announce the winner not later thanFebruary 1, 1920.A FAMOUS FOOTWEAR, THE GROVER SHOES.The famous Grover Shoes forladies is sold at(tf) FELD'S SHOE STORE.PREPARE WHILE YOU CAN ; COLDWEATHER COMING.Our car-load of stoves and heatershave arrived. Buy now. Have themput up while you can.(28-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.l-REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSThe Paris Real Estate Agencysold yesterday for James Whaley hi3farm of thirty-seven acres, locatedon the Fords Mill pike, near Parisfor $208.25 an acre.William Kenney Ferguson purchased of Carlie Wilmoth his twostory brick residence, at the cornerof Thirteenth and High streets, forthe reported price of $7,000.George Faulkner, of near RuddlesMills, purchased of the Ewell RealEstate Agency, in Boone county, afarm of 125 acres, located near Burlington, for $15,000. Possessionwill be given March '1, 1920.David Butler, of Paris, purchasedthrough Young & Son, real estateagents of Lexington, the Woodwardfarm of 43 acres and improvements,on the New Liberty pike, for $18,-000. Possession will be given March1, 1920.The J. G. Craig farm, .containingone hundred acres, located on theParis and Georgetown pike, was soldTuesday through Harris & Speakesto J. W. Thomas, of Little Rock, for$350 an acre, or an aggregate of$35,000.Last October, Clay M. Cleveland,who moved from the Ashbrookfarm, in this county, to Lexington,sold eighty acres of unimprovedland at public auction, in ten-acretracts, at an average of $140 peracre. With the advance price andthe crop he will net $10,000 in thedeal.M. Hume Payne purchased recently, through the Harris &Speakes real estate agency ,of Paris,the Munday farm, located on theParis and Winchester pike, containing 150 acres, for $225 per acre, ora total of $42,750. The farm, whichis known as the Bedford farm, adjoins the lands now owned by Mr.Payne in that locality.The Paris Realty Co. sold thisweek for Mrs. Margaret Terry Stitt,of Lexington, and Philip Terry, ofBoston, Mass., the 2-story residenceon Main street, between Twelfth andThirteenth streets, to W. S. Hughes,who is at present conducting a general merchandise store at Osgood, inthis county. Mr. Hughes will moveto the property. The same companyalso leased the R. P. Dow store roomon Main street, to the North Middletown Supply Co., who will open upbusiness at once. They will handleseeds, feed, salt and implements.CHRISTIAN CHURCH DRIVE FOR$25,000,000Patriots among the Disciples ofChrist, otherwise known as theChristian Church or Christian Brotherhood, have inaugurated a drive for$25,000,000 to be applied to an extensive plan of practical Americanization. Through the ChristianAmericanization problems occupyingthree months has been completedand the original plan to raise $1,000,000 for the extension of the International Bible College at Minneapolis, Minn., grew into a project toraise the larger sum.This became necessary when itwas decided to equip a ciain of educational institutions extending fromcoast to coast, including a centralAmericanization university and tobegin the process of Americanizationwith newly arrived immigrants atthe nrincipal ports of entry- This inn Edition to nursuing work among.the 40,000,000 persons now in theUnited States who speak foreignlanguages. .The Americanization houses m tneinterior cities will take up the problem of the foreigners now in theslums of the large centers, offeringday and night classes of a more advanced nature than those for thenewcomers, but developed along thehame lines with Christian citizenship as the goal. .It is the aim of the ChristianAmericanization Association to establish an Americanization club inpverv Christian Brotherhood churchito aid in the campaign.Rev. A. N. McCallum, 01 beaiue,Wash is president of the Association and Judge M. C. Tifft, of Minneapolis, is treasurer. Head quartetshave been established at 829-830Monadnock Building, Chicago, andcity, town, county and State organizations are now in process of formation. ADDRESSES STUDENTS ON"HIGHER EDUCATION"N. L. Collins, of New Albany, Ind.,xegistrar of the Bryant & StratonCollege, who is visiting friends inLexington, came to Paris, Tuesdayafternoon, and addressed the students of the Paris High School in behalf of higher -education.Mr. Collins has a wide reputationin this line of work, and his talksto students are full or good aaviceand suggestions as to how to makethe best of their opportunities infTpfHnr a eobd education. He impressed upon the pupils the. importance of hard study and the value ofhigher education, and gave them tounderstand that one of , the truest'maxims.' in the worm to-aay i"There is no excellence witnout - ja -bor."CIRCUIT COURTFIRMED.AF-In. the suit, of "R. T.. "RrisrErs vs. theL. & N. Railroad, the Court of Appeals, on Tuesday of tnis weeK, aiflrmed the judgment, amounting toabout $13,000. ,Briggs was hurt while workingfor the L. & N. at its freight depotat Paris. He was engaged in loading and unloading freight cars, anda plank from one car door to another,was, by a movement of the train,thrown against him, and he broughtsuit to recover for the injuries. Thejury found for Briggs, and the Courtof Appeals, by its decision Tuesday,approved the judgment.Briggs was represented by Talbott& Whitley, of Paris, and Robt. B.Franklin, of Frankfort.The grand jury made its first andfinal report to the Court Tuesday,having been in session only thesmall portion of two days. It is saidto have been the shortest session ofany grand jury in the history of theBourbon Circuit Court. Seven indictments were returned for minoroffenses.The case of McClure vs. McClintock was stricken from the records,having been compromised. McClure,who is Cashier of the First NationalBank, of Paris, sued McClintock foralleged libel, securing a verdict" inthe Circuit Court for $10,000. Thiswas set aside by the Court of Appeals, and a new trial was ordered.No business was transacted in theCourt yesterday, Judge Stout beingcalled to Frankfort on importantbusiness. The sessions of the Courtwill be resumed this morning.oARMISTICE DAY VERY QUIETLYOBSERVED HERE.With the exception of the banquetand reception given by the BourbonPost American Legion and exercisesheld at the Paris High School building Tuesday, there was no observance of Armistice Day by a set program. Nearly all the businesshouses were closed in the afternoon,in response to a published proclamation issued by Mayor January.The banks and schools also observed the day as a half-holiday. Therewas no demonstration of any kind,but there was an undercurrent ofgratitude and joy in remembranceof the significance of the day, and afeeling of sadness in memory ofthose who had given their lives indefense if human liberty.At the High School an appropriateprogram was rendered at ten o'clockTuesday morning, the pupils joiningin singing patriotic songs, and exercises being given by the children insome grades. Miss Reba Lockhart,of the High School faculty, presided,and pleased the audience with a recitation suited to the occasion. Dr. E.E. Snoddy, of Transylvania College,Lexington, made an appropriate address, delighting all who had thepleasure of hearing him. The musicwas in charge of Miss Ella Blanding.o' SCARCITY QF EGGS.Housekeepers and restaurant people are having the time of .theirlives in the present egg situation.This delicious and very necessary"fruit," called by many "life-savers"in the present high cost of living, has become very scarce andcommanding high prices. One restauranteur told THE NEWS manthat he had paid as high as $1.20per dozen for two dozen eggs, whileanother stated that he had paid$1.00 a dozen for the article. Theprices have now dropped to about 75cents per dozen, and scarce at that.The scarcity is attributed by dealers and handlers to two facts. Thehens are on a strike, and housewivesin the country who have an amplesupply are packing the eggs away inanticipation of higher prices arounathe Christmas season. An any ratethe eggs are scarce, and when a fellow goes into a restaurant and putsin his order for three eggs the bystanders look up inquiringly, as if tosay, "Wonder when that oil magnatecame to town!"STATE BOARD OF HEALTHWARNS AGAINST CERTAINOLIVE BRANDS.iThe State Board of Health as aprecautionary measure to preventpoisoning from eating olives, hasinstructed its inspectors to collect allsamples of stock packed by a certainCalifornia corporation in response toa telegram from Chief Frost, of theUnited States Food and Drug Laboratory at Cincinnati. The telegramfollows:"Withhold from sale all brands ofripe olives packed by the CurtisCorporation, Long Beach, Cal. Advise this office of all stocks in theState either by wire or telephone sothat samples may be collected formicrobiological and other examinations, this being done in view ofpoisoning cases at Detroit, Mich.;Kenton. O., and additional poisoningcases in other parts of the State ofOhio."o. WITH THE LODGES.The members of the local lodgeof 7?phfka.hs held a social session inthe Odd Fellows building last night,followed by a supper prepared by theskillful hands of several of themembers. The feature of the meet-j ing was the reading of reports ptj proceedings of the Grand Assembly,, held in Lexington' some time ago, byiurs. iaa onyuei wl i "t chambers, delegates - irom meixauoI Chapter.BOURBONOF 31 KENTUCKYCOUNTIES HOLD MEETING.TOQTI T'TlITnoO "-kJ"Vrt rxC r T7V-periment Station, Lexington, accom- jpanied by eight or nine extensionmen, attended a meeting at theHotel Henry Watterson, Saturdaymorning at 10 o'clock at whichFARMERSmorning at 0 o ciock at which a some neighborhoods are fairly pjemState Farm Bureau of Kentucky, an ! tiful and in others are scarce, batassociation having as its objectivethe betterment of agricultural conditions in the State, was formed.Between 200 and 300 farmers,representing 31 counties of Kentucky, were present.The organization will be non-political,non-sectarian and nob-secret.This organization represents what Isreally the first attempt to organizefarmers of Kentucky along this lineand is in fact more or less a temporary organization for the purpose ofdetermining the permanent form ofthe organization. Another is planned in January, at which details ofpermanent organization - will bedealt with more extensively.C. W. Crenshaw, of Cadiz, was appointed temporary chairman of theorganization.J. R. Howard, of Iowa, one of theleaders of farm organization work inthe United States, returned from theLouisville meeting, where he was oneof the speakers, with Dean Cooper,and remained with him as his guesttwo or three days.FORMER PARIS BOY GOING FURTHER WEST.In a letter to a Paris chum andschool mate, Frank R. Erringer, formerly of Paris, who has been associated with the big wholesale' houseof Sprague Warner & Co.,in Chicago,states he has resigned, his positionthere to take effect January 1, 1920.About February 1, according topresent plans, Mr. and Mrs. Erringer expect to leave -for California,probably locating at Orland, in theSacramento "Vfetlley, where tjiey willlive on a big fruit rancheiMr. Erringer has been head of thecredit department of te SpragueWarner Co. business for the pasttwenty-eight years, and will leavetheir employ with, the highest esteemof all with whom he was associated."There is no finer fellow In the worldto-day than Frank Erringer, and hishost of friendsjtiere wteh him goodluck" and pfosperity inhis new venture. oTHE BEST INSURANCE.Insure your tobacco in thebarn against Fire and Windstorm withYERKES & PEED,Farmers & Traders Bank.(augl5-tf)If WE KNOW HOWAny Tailor Can Make Clothes;Only Master Tailors Can MakeOur Smart Clothes!c4 carpenter can make a piece of furniture thatmay look well and last a few years. But the furniture that we prize most, the pieces that have beenhanded down through generations as heirlooms, isthe work ot cabinet makers men who knew wood,how to season and work it according to the, graifi,and how to join it so the joints would hold.So good clothes are the product of good tailorsour Smart Clothes the product of the best tailors.Every operation, from the shrinking of the woolento the fastening of the buttons, is the work of anartist in his special field each doing his bit for theultimate accomplishment of the perfect whole.Our Smart Clothes inherit a tradition that hasbeen handed down through generations of the samefamilies working side by side in the shops, and therecord of the grandfather is a constant incentive tothe son and grandson.May we explain to you personally the advantage there is in this for you?Prices $20.00 to $75.00MITCHELL &Stttsen HatsManhattan ShirtsGAME SEASON OPENS IN COVWTTTO-MORROW.1To-morrow, Saturday, Noverabtjrif !" bnef aS"tday for tarnhunters of Bourbon county. . Omthat r?a.v the nimrofls -will talcm tfthe field with dog and gun. after BWhite and the rabbits, which imsome neighborhoods are fairly plem-which always afford good sport.For the first time since the oestructive winter of 1917-18. whem aomuch game perished under tk icand snow, or died of starvation tlbirds and rabbits are reported fairlyplentiful.The war, which worked havoc witkmankind, proved a boon to the birds"and animals of the State which nro-vide the hunter's quarry, as it topicaway to France thousands of tarnyoung men who made up the armyof Kentucky sportsmen. With theeout of the way the quail have had &chance to recover from the inroadsof the disastrous winter. The mildweather last winter was anoth.er aii.to them, and reports from the Stateare that considerable game can befound.The quail season in Kentuckystarts November 15 and closes January 1. The rabbit season is tiesame. There is no limit to the rabit "bag," but the hunter must notbring down more than twelve quailat one shooting. The duck seasom.started September 16 and will closeDeceinber 31. Twenty-five is the balimit. Sauirrel may be hunted anyyear from July 1 to December 16 andjack snipe from September 16 to December 31. The jack snipe limit fcrtwenty-five. The dove season cloeetOctober 16.oGOOD PBICES BEAIIZED AT PTJ1' UC SALES.At the public sale of livestock,etc., belonging to J. B. Mason, conducted on the premises on the Bethlehem pike, near Paris, Tuesday, byAuctioneer George D. Speakes, higkprices ruled, with the bidding spirited and a good-sized crowd in attendance. Cows sold from $70 to$80 per head; calves from ?25 ta$35 per head; three black bullfrom $60 to $90 per head; sow andpigs, $51; shoats weighing froneighty-five to one hundred antwenty-five pounds per head, at $14to $22; one pair of mules, $525; onepair of three-year-old draft mares,.$375; one mare, $150; &00-barrle -ofcorn in the shock at $6.00 perbarrel in the field, and baled hay at$29 to $32 per ton; farming implements sold well.At the public sale conducted byAustioneer Speakes for Eugene Hutsell, on the premises near Hutchison' good prices were obtained.Sheep brought $13 per head; broodsows, $25 to $35 per head; one lot ofsmall pigs, $4 each; cows, $70 to$110.50; one pair mules, $300.BLAKEMORENttttetan ShtsDr. Rftd's Cushian Safe SwissiMi;i"M, r1 .-t i't - -?&s- -"HGffiTWOTHE BOTJBBOIT HEWS, PABIS, KENTUGKYFRIDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 19jgR Wjt IIIih11k1ri!1HIHE BOURBON NEWSblished 188137 Years of Continuous Publicationiblished Every Tuesday and Fridayir Year. .$2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Adavance.fWTFT CKAMP. Editor and Owner.fctred at the Paris, Kentucky,PMtbfflce as Mall Matter of the(leoond Class.)Any erroneous reflection upon thefearoterr standing or reputation ofnjr9erion, firm or corporation which,uy appear In the columns of THEBOURBON NEWS will he gladly corr&oted It brought to attention of theKtiior.QUEPOBEIGN REPRESENTATIVES.. New York American Press Assoeiatioai fhicaffo Lord & Thomas..Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.-Atiaifca Massengale Adv. Agency.'Cincinnati Blame-Thompson Co.louisville Stark-Lowman Co.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perttech for first time; 50 cents per Inchsch subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per line'ach Issue; reading notices in black'type, 20 cents per line, each Issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candlaUst fObituaries and resolutions, andImiir matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertiseMats and yearly contracts.The right of publisher Is reseivedto decline any advertisement or other.latter for publication.Announcements for political officesust Invariably be accompanied bytie cash.EDITORIAL MUSINGS.'"Church" and 'Tie" Suppers.The return of autumn brings the-church supper, as one of the leading institutions of village life. Onthe- financial side, no one ever figored out a real profit on this enterprise: A dozen women put in sev--eraldays work collecting and cooking;foodk Thesupplies are all givenout of home stock. The supper"would cost a dollar or more at thex-average hotel where equally goodfood is- served. The common price-averages 50 cents. At the same time:you might not be able to raise thesame .amount of money in any other"way. The women give their time"free, and give 50 cents to a dollar's"worth each, of flour, sugar, gggs andbutter. Perhaps neither they nor"their husbands would give 25 centsvin cash. Financially wasted, yet'the church supper meets a real de- jrnand. If you undertook to support deiLt investment is to put your monchurches by advertising a leclure on.ey into somthing you know some-xne poetry or crowning or jvipnng,you would not get enough to paythe4anitor's salary. But people will-stand in line for church suppers.'The number who flee the churchpremises the moment supper is eaten,suggest that good fellowship is notthe' primary motive in drawing thecrowd. Probably it is the reputationoti first-class home cooking. Womenare tired of eating the things from.their own kitchens. They want toiget out and see what other cooks:re doing. In preparing church sup-3ers, the cooks are on their mettle,: feeling that their reputations are at'-stake. The supper assembles the-flnvest culinary art of the town and-puis it on the bargain counter atbankrupt prices. , , ,;"" 5tudyins Humanity"Do you ever try to guess the dispositions of people from their faces?It is amusing, because it is so uncertain. You are almost sure tosnake as many wrong guesses as.gjiiiiwmiifiiiiiiiimiinwwHwtaiminiiiiiaiiiHHiiiHKnuiHiiiiHinI Sleepless Nights1 and coffee-drinking are closely'M linked together with many'? people.If your case isInstanta wholesome cereal drink with Ia really rich coffee-like flavor Ithat meets the test of taste, justas the beverage itself meets the 2test of health. , IEcmtomkaU Ready Instantly, DeliciousMade by sPostum Cereal Company IBattle Creek, Michigarf I'SoH by Grocers and General Storesngnt. ur. course wiwu tnose. you.know, it isn't hard; and thereforelittle fun. It-is only the strangersthat make it interesting. There isyour haughty lady, whp. goes alongwith her head high, and who is verylikely to get a fall just because hereyes are not watching her path; theindifferent one who fails to see anything with those half-closed eyes;the one always in a hurry; the ladycalm and sedate, and slow to anger;and close behind is the maid withthe quick "temper. Restless people,happy, contented, ambitious, all passalong, and only a few have learnedto wear masks. And here comes alittle lady, moving slowly, shouldersa little stooped, face lined and grave,and you decide hurriedly that shehas a husband whose will rules, orat least that she is very meek. Andsome day you- will find that back ofthose eyes and grave face there is awill that is stronger than anybodythinks, and that she is ruled by nobody. EducationFor Work orFor "Settin"?EducationHere is a little story in a newspaper about a lady who is asking a little colored girl if the girl's big sister can be had to help with somework. "No'm," says, the little darky,"Lucene am educated now. She granulated las' week. She do'n wo'k nomo' sence she's eddicated. She jesssets, an' sets, an' sets. Dat's all shedoes."That is the kind of "eddication"too many darkies and too manywhite folks have had in the past,and the kind too many desire now.Whatever of "culture" or "accomplishment" any person may have,that person is not truly educated ifhe does not know how to do something useful in and for the world.The education that leads to "jesssettin'," either in practice or in desire, is a false education and onedestructive of body and soul.Educate your children by teachingthem how to do something well andby inspiring them to desire to do it.So shall they arise and call youblessed.Suckers and Sucker BaitA reader sends us two letters froma concern in which she bought stockfrom which she has had no return,and asks if we can do anything toget her money back. We cannot.Good money paid for worthless stocks is, as a rule,just the same as thrown away. Itdoes seem that by this time allgrown-up people should know betterthan to put money into concerns ofwhich they know nothing, butthousands just keep on doing it. TheNashville newspapers, for example,are running full of oil stock advertisements these days, and every suchadvertisement is evidence that thesucker crop is still abundant. Otherwise, the men who are selling thisstock would not be spending goodmoney to pay for sucker bait.jusi aDoui i-ne nrst rule or nruthine: about or can keen an p.vp nnAnd probably the second rule is tolet alone each and every project thatthreatens to make you rich overnight. Don't Burn LeavesHere is our annual reminder notto burn the leaves. When they areraked up, haul them to the barn forbedding, or use them in the poultryhouse for scratch litter, or mulchthe strawberries with them, or usethem about the shrubbery and thebulbs in the yard, or spread themover the garden. Do any way, inshort, to get them back into theground. The soil needs the plantfood and the organic matter theycontain. You waste all of the latterand most of the former when youburn them. .,How absurd it is to pass over aman's good qualities and fix our attention only on his bad ones whynot at least weigh them?imimitiiaHMHimiHK!like that, tryPostumsSUGAR BEHNEfi SAYS THS'SN0 SHORTAGE.Federal control of the sugar cropwas opposed before the Senate Agri-culture Committee by C. A. Spreckels, a New York refiner, who blamedgovernment interference for the existing sugar 'situation.There is no shortage, he said, although the supply is "dislocated."One million tons of the 1919 cropwill be available before January 1,he added, to relieve the present situation. Mr. Spreckels said he would notobject to Government control if itwould reduce the price to the consumer. Instead he insisted, it hasbrought about an increase in price."If the matter was left to the lawof, supply and demand it would soonget down to a proper basis," he added. Mr. Spreckels had frequentclashes with William A. Glasgow, attorney for the United States SugarEqualization Board. He chargedthat there has been hoarding overthe country, and declared that Western beet sugar growers were withholding the crop from the markets.He also asserted that several thousand tons of raw. sugar from thePhilippines were being held in NewYork by "speculators."Pressed by Mr. Glasgow as to theidentity of the persons holding thesugar from the Philippines, the witness named the James S. ConnellCompany and Czarnkow Rionda &Co., both of New York.Advised that the Navy Department has in reserve 9,000,000 poundsof sugar, Secretary Daniels intimated that he would release on-third ofthe stock, or 3,000,0000 pounds, forpublic use to, relieve the situationresulting from a nation-wide fahortage of the commodity.ANITI-SALOON LEAGUEMEET ITS MATCHMAYMoney collected in large sums bythe Anti-Saloon League for the purpose of making war upon saloonswas diverted into the hands of lobbyists who fastened prohibition upon the country. For a society with aconscience so elastic the progressfrom malversation to offenses morestrictly defined in law seems to bean "easy step.In the campaign leading up toprimaries- in New Jersey it appearsthat the league used.? 32 51 to promote the candidacy of one of theRepublican aspirants for Governor.This was a perversion to politicalends of a fund acquired in part fromreligious bodies for non-partisanpurposes.Not much is to be expected froman organization having so few scruples, but if, as the Attorney-Generalsays, the corrupt practices act, forbidding contributions by special interests to candidates in primaryelections, has been violated, we mayhear more of it. The Anti-SaloonLeague has defied the ballot box andbullied Congress and most of theState Legislatures. Perhaps it willmeet its match at last in real justice.BASE BALLS USED IN EACH GAMECOSTS $80.Eighty dollars for baseballs foreach game in the World's series!That sounds big, but nevertheless,that is approximately what itcost to furnish the principal item forthe baseball classic this year.As in other things, the high costhas hit baseballs, which now bring$20 a dozen. It is estimated fourdozen balls were used in each game.The reason that so many are usedis because balls fouled' into thestands or crowd are seldom returned.During an ordinary game, however,most of the balls which leave theplaying field, find their way back.Manufacturers blame increasedprices paid for materials and thehigh cost of labor for the presentHorsehide used in covering thebaseballs has increased in cost during the past three years about 250per cent. The wool yarn has jumped200 per cent in three years. Theoflicial ball of the National Leagueis made with a cork center. Thepi ice of this cork has doubled and aspecial thread used has inci eased almost three times. The cork centerbr.ll was patented August 31, 1909.It weighs 5 ounces and is 9 inches incircumference. This ball was used inall games played in the NationalLeague ball park during the series.Another ball, similarly made, andadopted by the American League,were used in all contests in the junior league ball park.oMR. P. LaDUKE, PARMER, SAYS."YOU BET RATS CAN BITETHROUGH METALS"I had feed bins lined with zinclast year, rats got through prettysoon. Was out ?18. A -$1 packageof RAT-SNAP killed so many ratsinai i ve never been without itsince. Our Collie dog never touchedRAT-SNAP." You try it. Threesizes, 25c, 50c, $1.00.. Sold andguaranteed by The Farmers' SupplyCo., Paris, Ky.(adv-nov)The reason there 'are severalthings we don't eat for fear of making ourselves fat is because buyingthem would make us poor.oSometimes we fear'thatif capitaland labor ever come together one of.them will stand on our head and theother on our neck.. MisEBrroRiroN'aDoixjEHere's a man who believes in taking the medicine he prescribes.And he also gives the same prescription to members of his family.Thomas A. Dodge is editor andpublisher of the Milan Standard, oneof the good weekly papers in Northern Missouri, with a wide circulation and much influence".When the War Loan-Organizationbegan its campaign of publicity lastMay, Mr. Dodge threw' the columnsof his paper wide open for "copy"from the organization's headquarters. Mr. Dodge read this copy andprinted a good share of it. He wasconvinced of the truth the messagescontained, and not satisfied withmerely spreading the gospel amonghis neighbors, he sent in drafts recently for a $1,000 Treasury SavingsCertificate for himself and a $100Certificate for himself van d $100 Certificate for Frances L. Dodge.ftM !FOGGY?ifBilious, Constipated orHeadachy take"Cascarets."a. . .f'To-morrow the sun will shine foryou. Everything will seem clear,rosy and bright. Your t system isfilled with, liver and bowel poisonwhich keeps your skin sallow, yourstomach upset, your head foggy andaching. Your meals are turning into poison, gases and acids. You cannot feel right. Don't stay billiousor constipated. Feel splendid always by taking Cascarets occasionally. They act without griping orinconvenience. They never sickenyou like Calomel, Salts, Oil or nasty,harsh pills. They cost so little, too.Cascarets work while you sleep.(adv)oAMERICAN RED CROSS AITERWAR ACTIVITIES.Soup kitchens in Poland have onlypartially solved the food problemthere. The need is still great indistricts far off the railroads.The quota of money to be raised inthe Lake Division at the Third RollCall, November 2-11, will go towardcompleting overseas relief work.The appropriation of $10,000,000has been made by the Red Cross tocover the expense of improving general health conditions in San Domingo. An American Red Crossmedical director has been appointedto take charge of a hospital thereLostA gold watch chain ,rope design,lost on or near Main street, Saturday night. Liberal reward for return to THE BOURBON NEWSoffice.Lost, RewardLost, somewhere between Twelfthstreet and Second street, a CoralBeaded Bracelet. Finder will be liberally rewarded if same is returnedto THE BOURBON NEWS office.(6-3t-pd)Truckand CarsHireForServiceable truck and cars for hireat reasonable rates. Taxicab serviceday and night.S. R. HUDNALL,Both Phones. At Ruggles Garage.??BOURBON COUNTY LAND ATPUBLIC AUCTIONRain'or Shine, OnSaturday, Nov. 15, at 10 O'clock A. M.the JOHN SOPJR farm of 367 acres, on the Little Rock and Jackstown pike and the Soper nlketwo miles from Little Rock, 12 miles from Paris and 8 miles from Carlisle. In three trac f rsfand second tracts separately and then as a whole, and the best bid accepted This farm is Y-e ofthe best cared for farms in the county, and practically three-fourths of the entire farm is exccLc-nttobacco land and ready as one of the best money makers in the county.. I1'?! No 1 -Contains about 130 acres located on the Soper pike, all in blue grass,timothy and clover, except 15 acres broke out of sod m 1919 and now sown to wheat and srrassImprovements consist of two-story frame residence of eight rooms, front and back" porches eoodcellar, cistern at Dack door, dairy m yard, stock barn with good cistern, all necessary outbuildingsand watered by springs and creek. Splendid young orchard just coming into fruitage 'TRACT No. 2-Contains about 130 acres all in timothy, blue grass and clover except 12acres in cultivation. Six room frame cottage in good repair, porch, cistern, spring house in yardtwo tobacco barns holding about ten acres, and all necessary outbuildings Has deeded ritrht ofway for driving and hauling through Tract No. 1, which road is to hp mnintaiT Vw -Tract No. 2. Separate way for driving stock to and from farmriTPCTN? 3Cf 'ns 107 on theackstown and Little Rock pike, two miles fromLittle Rock. One barn and stock scales. Two-thirds of this tract is fine tobacco land 35 acres ofwhich has not been plowed for 30 years. Has good orchard and fine building sitesI am making this sale on account of my inability to look after my land, and the sale will bepositive and without reserve.TERMS LIBERAL-Ten per cent in hand on day of sale, 20 March 1 190 whenpossession will be given, 20 March 1, 1921, 20 March 1, 1922, 15 March 1 1923 and 156March 1, 1924. Deferred notes to bear six per cent, interest and lien retained on property to secure payment. The sale will be heldatthe barn on on Tract No. 3.' HARRIS &L. D, HARRIS, Gtrwral BusinessFtr SafeStore room. at Paris; in best business location; used- for the past 18years as shoe and general merchandise business. Also 5 rooms on second floor. Inquire ofH. SCHANKER,(ll-3t) Brlanger, Ky.Truck Driver Wanted.Trucb driver wanted, one who cantake -care of machine and overhaul ifnecessary. Must be capable andcome well recommended. Apply atonce, to undersigned.E. M. WHEELER FURNITURE CO.,(11-tf) Robneel Bldg.Muies EstrayedOne black horse mule, and onebay mare mule. Reward for information leading to their recovery.(7-tf) C. S. BRENT & BRO.LostOn the Paris and Georgetown pike,early Saturday afternoon a leathersuit case, containing a quantity ofwoman's and child's wearing apparel. Reward for its return toMRS. MAGGIE R. McCLINTOCK,804 Main Street, Paris, Ky.(ll-2t-pd)For SaleOne double-burner Wilson GasHeater, good as new. Can be seenany time atMRS. C. L. BELL'S,(tf) 1219 Main Street.Pleasant Work For Women!Ladies, why work fifty-four hoursa week, when you can earn moreworking three hours each day, andbe your own boss? This is yourgolden opportunity. Send fifty centsin coin for sample and particulars.MOTS BEAUTY CO.,619 Joliet Street,(4-4t) LaSalle, Illinois.Fine Cattle For SaleI have 48 head of fancy feedingsteers for sale. Will weigh around1,000 pounds; also 18 head yearlingsteers.T. J. LEWIS,Frankort, Ky., Route 1,(28-tg) Home Phone 425.Nicholas County FarmAt Public Auction, Rain or ShineWe, as agents for Geroge D. Stewart, will sell, on the premises, onTuesday, November 18, 1919, at 10:00 A. M.his farm of 133 acres, located onmiles south of Carlisle.The improvements consist of a seven-room 2-story frame residence,two halls, front porch, well in yard and one of the best dairies in thecounty. Has all necessary outbuildings in good repair, a good stockbarn, an 8-acre tobacco barn 40 by 60 and a four-room tenant house.Is under good fencing and is well watered.All in grass except 20 acres, which is sown to wheat and timothy.TERMS, LIBERAL 10 per cent, of the purchase price on day ofsale, 23 1-3 per cent, on March i, 1920, and balance in three equalpayments of 1, 2 and 3 years respectively.The owner, George Stewart, and Harris & Speakes, will take pleasure in showing the farm to prospective buyers.HARMS & SPEAKES, Pads, Ky.or C. U. BRAMBLETTE, Carlisle, Ky.JOHNSPEAKES, Sales AgentsManartr . COL.Turkeys For Sale.Pure bred Bourbon Red Turkeysfor sale. Price reasonable. Call 37Clintonville Ex., or addressMrs. SAM(6-3t)CRAWFORD,Austerlitz, Ky.Expert Piano TunerHave your piano and player-pi-anotuned and adjusted by a reliablefactory-experienced tuner and repairer. JOHN B. GEIS,Cumberland Phone 578, 918 MainStreet. With the J. H. Templeman Piano Co., Lexington(ll-2t)Notice to The Public!If you are contemplating buyinga Piano, or Player Piano, don't failto see me before buying.We also take in exchange pianosorgans and talking machines.J. H. TEMPLEMAN PIANO CO.,Lexington, Ky!J. B. Geis, Representative, 918Main Street, Cumberland Phone578. (ll-2t)Administrator's Notice,All persons having claims againstthe estate of Robert B. Lyne, deceased, are requested to presentthem, properly proven as required bylaw, to the undersigned Administrator, at the Farmers' & Traders'Bank, in Paris, Ky., for payment.All persons knowing themselvesindebted to the estate of the saidRobert B. Lyne are requested to callon the undersigned Administratorand make prompt and full settlement of such indebtedness.WALLACE W. MITCHELL,Administrator of Robert B. Lyne.(31-3 wks)For Sale Privately"Six-room cottage located at 268.t. Airy Avenue, is for sale privately. This is one of the most desirable pieces of residence propertyIn the. city, being located in the bestneighborhood in Paris. House contains 6 rooms, bath, porches, waterworks, electric lights and all modernconveniences.Lot is 76 2-3x200 feet. A nicebuilding lot could be taken off side.Any one desiring a nice home woulddo well to look this property over.For further particulars inquire onthe premises.MRS. LLDA B. CONWAY,Paris, Kentucky.Home Phone 337: (21-tf)the Taylors Creek-pike, about fiveL. SOPERGEO. D. SPEAKES AuctiwwtrwsT"fa -fxFRIDAY, NOVEMBER JU, 1919THE BOTTIBOH HEWS. PARIS, KEHWCEfm"Gee-Whiz! How it HartsThe Pain in My Foot!""Sometimes it is in my arm. MercifulHeaven, how my back hurts in the morning!" It's alldue to an overabundance ofthat poisoncalled uricacid. The kidneys " are notable to get ridof it. Suchconditions youcan readilyovercome, andprolong life bytaking the advice of "Dr.Pierce, whichis "keep the kidneys in good order.""Avoid too much meat, alcohol or tea.Drink plenty of pure water, preferablyhot water, before meals, and drive theuric acid out of the system by takingAnuric." This can be obtained atalmost any drug store.Send a bottle of water to the chemistat Dr. Pierce's Invalids' Hotel, Buffalo,N. Y., and you will receive free medicaladvice as to whether the kidneys areaffected. HVhen your kidneys get sluggish and clog, you suffer from backache,jack-headache, dizzy spells, or twingesand pains of lumbago, rheumatism orgout; or sleep is disturbed two or threetimes a night, take heed, before too late.Get Anuric (anti-uric-acid), for it willput new life into your kidneys and yourentire system. Ask your nearest druggist for it or send Dr. Pierce ten centsfor trial packageThe theory that all men are bornequal doesn't suit some people at all.What they want is a scheme whereby all men will be born rich.TAXI - CABSERVICEAUTO LIVERY CO.E. McCracken, Prop.Rfdmon Motor Car CompanyNight Call 760BRIGHTEREVENINGSNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living," than a well illuminated house.'UseSlectricitiTor LiftingIt's ,the only satisfactory way.Wse SetsTor Real Ing and CookingIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix You UpFor the Use of BothElectricity and Gas.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(IncornAarted)MARGOLEN'SBIG SPECIALSFor This Week .10-pound bucket PureLard for ,.$3.00Pure Pork Sausage3 pounds for $1.00Pork Chops 35cBest Cuts Steaks 35cRoast . 25cSpring Lamb vHindquarters . 35cFrontquarters 30cMARGOLEN'SX? mM. II J- lfl 1mi "-STATE BOAEDd1 HEALTH WINSnr contestThe present State Board of Health,with Dr. Arthur McCormick, ofBowling Green, secretary, and Dr.John G. South, of Frankfort, president, won again in the Cou'rt of Appeals in its suit to prevent its ousterunder the Ripper Act of 1918.The General Assembly passed anact grealy increasing the powers ofthe Board, and by an eleventh houramendment on the floor of-the Senateprovided that Governor Stanleyshould appoint a new board. Dr.W. L. Heizer was to be secretary.The present board brought an injunction suit and the Franklin Circuit Court held the "Ripper" provision unconstitutional. The Courtof Appeals affirmed the decision.o-BY IRE GRANGECouldn't Understand RemarkableImprovement Trutona Wrought.Woman AveiOWENSBORO, KY., Nov. 13."My neighbors who knew the condition I was in, before I began takingTrutona, are surprised to see meworking again," Mrs. Fannie Grundy, well-known Owensboro woman of616 Triplet street, said recently."I'm certainly grateful for this newtonic, for it has given me more relief than any other medicine I'vetaken and I've tried most all ofthem," she added."I had been troubled with ulceration of the stomach for the past 20years. My bowels were in very badcondition. I would be severely constipated for three or four days at atime, and then, when I'd take someharsh laxative I'd have a hard timeto check the bowel action. Natuurally I became very weak."I had been bedfast for six weeksbefore I began taking Trutona. Youcan imagine my surprise, when, atthe end of the first week's treatmentI was able to get out of bed and began to do my housework again.I'm eating food now that I haven'tdared to touch in the past two years.Why, I can even eat corn bread now,and that is one food that used tomake me very sick. I have neverbefore given a testimonial for anymedicine, but I feel that the publicshould know of the wonderful relief I've gained from a one-dollarbottle of Trutona."Trutona is being introduced andexplained sX.Qr. S. Varden & Son'sDrug -Store.(adv)SPECIALSHOWINGOFSuitsCoatsDressesShoesSkirtsWaistsETC., ETC.TWIN BROS.Department Store7th and Main Paris, KyTrees! Trees!PLANT NOWFruit and Shade TreesBlooming ShrubsGrape VinesEvergreensPerennialsRhubarbHedgeEtc.Free Illustrated .Catlog.No Agents.H.F.Hillenmeyer&SonsLexington, Ky.(till-decl)JOHN WHITE fc GO.LOUISVILLE, KY.Liberal aMortmtntMi full valae paiffrFURSUTXMtSUMI"NEIGHBORSGIVE SURPRISESOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.. . Miss Georgia Christman is visiting relatives and friends in Danville. Mrs. Sam Shout is in Cincinnati,at the bedside of her sister, Mrs.Lucy Parrish, who is very ill.Mrs. O. P. Clay and daughter,Miss Eleanor Clay, of Lexington, areguests of Mrs. Thompson H. Tarr,near Paris.Dr. and Mrs. Milton. J. Sternhave taken rooms at the residence ofDr. and Mrs. W. T. Brooks, on Duncan avenue.Mrs.Sallie Mannen has returned to her homein. Los Angeles, California, after a visit to Mrs. AmosTurney, Sr.Mrs. Rhodes Shackleford, ofRichmond, is a guest of Mr. and Mrs.Arthur B. Hancock, at their home onPleasant street.Mrs. Woodford Spears is recovering from the effects of an operation performed some time ago at aLexington hospital.Mr. and Mrs. Letcher Kash havemoved from their home on Fifteenthstreet to Latonia, where they will reside in the future.Miss Martha Petree has returned from Wilmore, where she hasbeen professionally engaged for sometime in the Wilmore College.Mrs. John Taylor has returnedto her home in Oklahoma, after avisit to Mr. and Mrs. Lunceford Talbott, on West Seventh street.Mrs. Frank P. Kiser will behostess at her home on Houstonavenue this afternoon to the members of the Friday Bridge Club.Mr. and Mrs. George C. Thompson, Sr., and W. H. McMillan leftWednesday for St. Petersburg. Florida, to spend the winter months.Miss Mary Smith, of Paris, hasaccepted a position with the Lexington Title and Trust Company,and assumed her duties Mondaymorning.Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Hall andMi's. James Moore have returned totheir homes in Winchester, after avisit to the family of Mr. WilliamRion, in this city.Frederick A. Wallis, FourthDeputy Police Commissioner of NewYork City, is a guest at the home ofMr. and Mrs. Thos. Henry Clay, Sr.,on Pleasant street.Mr. and Mrs. Henry Lancaster,Mrs. Nannie Floyd and Miss MaggieLancaster, guests of Mr. and Mrs.Frank Burton, have returned tohomes in Lexington.William Collins has returnedfrom Minneapolis, Minn., where hewent as a delegate from BourbonPost American Legion", to the National meeting of the order.Mr. and Mrs. J. Miller Ward entertained at their country home,"Sunnyside," near Paris, with a dinner party, in honor of a number ofvisitors, who were afterward takenon a coon hunt.At the conclusion of his visithere, W. H. Burley, of Winona,Mich., formerly of Paris, will go toAsheville, N. C, for a short visit tohis brother, and from there to Florida to spend the winter.Miss Ella O'Neill, of Paris, whohas been in .California for the pastfive years, for the benefit of herJiealth, has returned, and is a guestat the home of Mr. and Mrs. M. H.H. Davis, on High, street.Prof. Charles Schultz, of Nicholasville, is a guest of Mr. and Mrs.Fred Weckesser, Prof. Schultz is oneof the oldest and best-known musicians in the State, and has at different times taught classes in tthiscity.Mrs. Charles H. Hutchcraft, vwhoaccompanied the body of her &usband, here from Summitt, New Jersey, lias returned to her home inthat city after remaining severaldays with Mrs. Fanniebelle Sutherland. Mrs. Lucy Sprake, who is hereas a guest of relatives, will leave ina few -days for Memphis, Tenn., tovisit her daughter, Mrs. Russell H.Boswortn and Dr. Bosworth. Dr.Bosworth is in charge of a largehospital In Memphis.Miss Lucy Campbell, of Paris,has recovered from the effects of anaccident in Cincinnati some timeago, when she fell while alightingfrom a street car, and has returnedto the home of her brother, Dr. F. P.Campbell, on High street. Mrs.Campbell and. little son, Edwin, havealso returned from Cincinnati, wherethey underwent operations some timeago for throat trouble.One of the most pleasing socialevents in celebration of "ArmisticeDay" was the luncheon given inLexington, Tuesday night, by former members of the Signal Corps,who served in the A. E. F. inFrance. Paris was represented byLawrence "Trink" Hill and HerbertAshcraft. No formal program wasobserved but the evening was givenover to songs and the recounting ofexperiences of the different membersduring their "dark hours" in la belleFrance.Several from Paris attended theperformance of "Glorianna" at theLexington Opera House, Mondaynight in which Fritzi Scheff was thestar. Miss Mary Kenney Webber occupied a "box with a party chaperoned by Mrs. Sallie K. Brooks, ofFayette Park; Misses Celeste Lucasand Lucy Simms were members of abox party entertained by Mrs. DeshaBreckinridge, and Mr. and Mrs.Robert Jones entertained with -a boxparty in honor of Mr. Thos. Andrews,of California.Prof. J. S. Johnson, formerlyprincipal of the Paris Hign School,was ,a caller at THE NEWS officeWednesday. Prof. Johnson, who isnow residing in Lexington, is connected with one of the largest bookpublishing concerns in the country.In renewing his subscription to THENEWS, Prof. Johnson said: "I amtraveling most of the time, andhardly ever get to see THE NEWS,but Mrs. Johnson would stafrtra riotin our household if THE JSTEWSI didn't make its semi-weekly visit."THIS WEAK,NERVOUS MOTHERTells How Lydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable CompoundRestored Her Health.Philadelphia, Pa "I was very weak,always tired, my back ached, and I feltsickjy.most of thetime. I went to adoctor and he saidI had nervous indigestion, which added to my weakcondition kep meworrying most ofthe time and hesaid if I could notstop that, I couldnot get well. Iheard so muchaboutLydia E. Pinkham'aVegetable Com-?ounc3 my husband wanted me to try ittook it for a week and felt a little better. I kept it up for three months, andI feel fine and can eat anything nowwithout distress or nervousness. "Mrs.J. Worthlinb, 2842 North Taylor St,Philadelphia Pa.The majority of mothers nowadaysoverdo, there are so many demandsupon their time and strength; the resultis invariably a weakened, run-down,nervous condition with headaches, backache, irritability and depression andsoon more serious ailments develop.It is at such periods in life that Lydia E.Finkham's Vegetable Compound willrestore a normal healthy condition, asit did to Mrs. Worthline,OBSERVE THESE RULESLIVE TO OLD AGEANDIf you would live to ripe oldageand keep the doctor awayVentilate every room you occupy.Wear loose,porous clothing suitedto the season, weather and occupation. If you are an indoor worker besure to get recreation outdoors.Sleep in fresh air alway:; in theopen if you can.nolo, a iianaKercmet u-jiOvc your jnose and mouth when you cougn or jsneeze and insist that others do cotoo.Always wash the hands beforeeating.Do not overat. This apphes especially to meats and eggs.Eat some hard and some bulkyfoods; some fruits.Eat slowly chew thoroughly.Drink sufficient water daily.Evacuate thoroughly, regularly.Stand, sit and walk erect.Do not allow poisons and infections to enter the body.Keep the teeth, gums and tongueclean.Work, play, rest and sleep in moderation. Keep serene. Worry is the foe ofhealth. Cultivate the companionship of your fellow men.Avoid self drugging. Beware theplausible humbug of the patent medicine faker.Have your doctor examine youcarefully once a year. Also consultyour dentist at regular intervals.oThere is more Catarrh in this section of the country than all otherdiseases put together, and for yearsit was supposed to be incurable.Catarrh is a local disease, greatlyinfluenced by constitutional treatment. Hall's Catarrh, Medicine,manufactured by F. J. Cheney &Co., Toledo, Ohio, is a constitutionalremedy, is taken internally and actsthrough, the blood on the mucoussurfaces of the system. One Hundred Dollars reward is offered forany case that Hall's Catarrh Medicine fails to cure. Send for circulars and testimonials.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by Druggists, 75c.Hall Family Pills for constipation.(adv-nov)oAnd sometimes we imagine thafool killer neglects his business inthis country because he is overworked in Russia.We regret now that "we ever tookthe trouble to learn to like the ripeolive.Aetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect. A gainst'FireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityAnd OtherCasualtiesA,BlouseA Nation - Wide Event to be'SCelebratedValueThe purpose of this eventblouses by offering splendid values of this season's newestand best styled garments for fall and winter wear.Close o-operation with manufacturers enabled us toprocure a goodly share of their best values from whichwe have chosen the following items as worthy representatives. Buy liberally.November 10th to15th Inclusive100 Splendid Georgette and Crepe de ChineBlouses Reduced to $5.00 EachColors are white, flesh, navy, bisque, taupe andblack. High or low neck designs, plain tailored or lacetrimmed.65 Very Handsome Georgette Crepe Blouses Reduced to $7.50 EachThese blouses are made of heavy quality Georgette,in all shades, including white, flesh, navy, brown, taupeand bisque, also a few fine white net blouses are included.75 White Voile and Batiste Waists Reduced to' $1.98Plain tailored, lace trimmed and colored trimmed designs in a great variety of beautiful and serviceable models for present a well as spring wear.We direct particular attention to a special offering ofTailored Suits and Tailored Cloth Dresses at the reducedprices of k$3950 and $49.50Wolf, Wile C&Lexington, Ky.Save Time and MooeifBy Using aHome TelephoneResidence rate ranging from 1.25 to2.00 per month for Bourbon Countyservice. " -Place your or.der now and avoid tjrifall rush on installs. 'Paris Home Telephone TcregrajjRComany . -(Incorporated) 'J. J. Veatch, District Manas55iSSgsE55?Don't Worry About theLaundryLet Us Demonstrate theEden ElectricWashing Machine 'In Your Own HomeT. W. SPICER314 Main St. - Paris, Kentucky;East Tennessee Phone 103; Home Phone 101iAtMUMMmMtHhp IIHMilIlIfli4MfHfHiTrEViEV!GEO. W. DAVIS IFUNERAL1KMotor Equipment ,BOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299. , Comer HfthMdPlMsitStrMtsf Park, KyWeek!by UnusalGivingis to promote the sale of "rtW. H. Cannon, Local'sgsi5igggijsiNfssgii.nixauDIRECTOR 1miJanuary meat marrec (nov4-i3w)(Other Personals on Page 5)- j'1S?AGENT-r--"" i? . -.'?THE BOtnbfflt !!, !, DEiTf PET, 015FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 111$MGifotn -zts&-- auy .tiKf11RIf'J ifmHOHTGOMERY FARMER MURDERED BY TWO KEGROES.H. English Anderson, one of thewealthiest farmers in Montgomerycounty, and well-known in-Paris andBourbon county, was attacked andliterally cut to death by two negroes,one of whom he had reprimanded,on his farm, near Sideview, near theBourbon county line.Anderson's body was found in theMlrt road, not far from a large tobacco barn he owned, and removedto his home. He died at 9 o'clocklast night.John C. Evans, a negro, and hisaon, twenty-one years old, who wereemployed by Anderson, were arrestedand placed in jail .charged with thecutting.According to information received,Anderson had rebuked the youngernegro for smoking in a tobacco barn,and a quarrel ensued, in the courseof which the negro called his fatherto his assistance.Anderson was forty-eight yearsold. He owned more than 1,000acres of land in Montgomery county. He is survived by three sonsand a daughter.The funeral was held at the residence Wednesday afternoon, withservices conducted by Rev. Dr. M. V.P. Yeaman, and the Knights Templar Commandery of Mt. Sterling.The burial took place in the Anderson family burying ground. Thepall-bearers were Dunlap Gay, W.W. Eubank, Henry S. Caywood, H.G. Hoffman, R. A. Chiles, J. C. B.Jeffries, A. L. Tipton, H. K. Greene,C. C. Chenault, B. F. Mark and Dr.J. K. Johnson.RELIGIOUS.MATRIMONIAL.Rev. Dr. M. B. Adams, president of Georgetown College, will occupy the pulpit of the Paris Baptistchurch Sunday morning and evening.Prof. E. E. Snoddy, of the Transylvania College, at Lexington, willnil the pulpit at the Christianchurch, in this city, Sunday. Therewill be no services at nighc.Dean Robert K. Massie, of ChristChuch Cathedral, Lexington, willconduct services at St. Peter's Episcopal church, in this city, to-morrow,(Friday) afternoon, at 2:30 o'clock,and at night at 7:30 o'clock.A conference will be held of thechurch workers of the county in theChristian church parlors Sunday afternoon. A cordial invitation is extended to the people of Paris to attend, and get acquanited with theState Superintendent, Linn D. Cartwright. The meeting will be held at2:30 o'clock.Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of theParis Christian church, is conduct-LANGFIELD HUTSELLThe marriage of Miss MaryLangfield, of near Ruddles Mills,and Alexander Hutsell, a wellknown young farmer of near Shawhan, will take place the latter partof this month. The banns of themarriage were announced Sundaymorning at the Church of the Annunciation, in this city.WORKERS DISCITSS PLAH S FOR3EWAHEE DRIVEPlans for the campaign forSewanee's $1,000,000 endowmentfund to be undertaken by the Episcopal church were presented to fortyTHE WEATHER:The weather is always a topic ofdecided interest, no matter' where orhow, or why, or what the circumstances may be. For the benefit ofworkers from Central and Eastern I our reaaers who nave gone tu meKentucky at a meeting yesterday af-; sunny South to escape old Winter sternoon at 2 o'clock at the parish "sure, it wm nui ue ut an uuwANDERSON HUKILL.A marriage license was issuedyesterday from the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton, to Ellis P. Hukill, 30, and Miss Elizabeth Anderson, 21, both of Paris. Mr. Hukillis a son of Mrs. Charles L. Hukill,of Paris, and is engaged in thetailoring business. Miss Andersonis a nurse in the Massie MemorialHospital, and is a daughter of Mr.and Mrs. A. J. Anderson. The wedding will, it is understood, take placein Louisville, at St. Paul's Church,Saturday morning.ELECTION NOTESing a .series of revival meetings in,thft Columbus. Ohio. Christian Although nothing definite has beendone, the Franklin Republican Coun-WHAT BAPTISTS ARE DOING FORFOREIGN MISSIONS TO-DAY.In connection with the Baptist 75Million Campaign, and the appropriation of 20,000,000 of that sum forforeign -missions, it is announcedthat the Foreign Mission Board ofthe Southern Baptist convention isnow supporting 316 foreign missionaries in ten great fields. In additionthere are 787 native workers, 192 ofwhom are ordained. A total of 464churches have been organized, witha membership of 53,629. One hundred and forty-one of these churches"are self-supporting and 258 of thecongregations have houses of worship. In addition, th.ere are 1,037out-stations.Through the instrumentalities ofthe board a total of 482 schools ofall grades have been established inforeign lands, in which were gathered last year 13,866 students.Eleven of these are Bible schoolswith 302 students. Three are colleges with 195 students. Twentythree are high schools with 1,250students. The others are schools ofelementary grades, including fourteen kindergartens.In addition to the missionariesthe board supports twelve foreignphysicians, six foreign trained nurses, twenty-one native physicians andtwenty-three native nurses. Elevenhospital buildings are operated onthe mission fields and last year atotal of 104,271 treatments weregiven there.But the work that is being done isonly a small amount of what needsto be done and it is for the additionof 200 new missionaries in the workthat is now being carried on, theopening up of new work in severalof the European fields and takingcare of the missionaries and otherworkers already on the occupied fieldthat the $20,000,000 will be expended. o' WHAT MIGHT HAPPEN.Democratic State officials whoseappointments require confirmationby the Senate, are leaning on thehope that in the event Gov. Morrowdeclines to send their names to theupper branch at the coming session,as it is stated he will, the Democraticmajority in the Senate will refuse toconfirm the appointments of anysuccessors that may be transmitted"by the new Governor, which wouldhave the effect of allowing the Democratic officials to serve out theirterms, it is said. This promises tofurnish an interesting situation."the Columbus, Ohio, .Christianchurch. In his absence the pulpithere will be occupied Sunday morniripr hv Prnf. Srmridv. of Transvlva-nia College, Lexington.John W. Jones and Eld. FrankM. Tinder, of the North MiddletownChristian church, were among thespeakers at a conference and luncheon given by the Sunday Schoolworkers of Nicholas county, in Carlisle, Tuesday night. All the Christian churches of the county wererepresented. The luncheon wasserved by the Ladies' Aid Society ofthe Carlisle Christian church.The Rev. T. S. Smylie, of Arkansas, will supply the pulpit of thePresbyterian church, both morningand evening, Sunday, Nov. 16. Rev.Smylie comes highly recommended asan earnest and forceful speaker, andthe public is cordially invited tohear him. All members of thechurch are requested to be pesent atboth services. Sunday School at9:30 a, m., Christian Endeavor at6:30 p. m. .The Kentucky General Association of Baptists, with representatives from every county in theState, closed its three-days sessionI at the Baptist church, in Georgetown, last nignt. uver six nunureudelegates were entertained by thepeople of Georgetown. Paris wasrepresented by several delegates.The State meeting was preceded bythe State Convention of the Ministers' Society, and the State Education Society of the Baptist church.There will be but one serviceSunday at St Peter's Episcopalchurch, in this city, instead of two,as previously announced. Dr. Robt.K. Massie, of Lexington, Dean ofthe Christ Church Cathedral, willconduct the services at night. DeanMassie's visit to Paris -will be for thepurpose of preparing the congregation for participation in the worldwide Episcopal drive for $20,000,G00, which will begin in December.The public is cordially invited to attend this service.ty Committee has begun to talkabout plans for the inaugural ceremonies when Governor-elect EdwinP. Morrow and Lieutenant Governorelect S. Thruston Ballard take theoath of office December 9. If thetentative plans of the committee arecarried out the heads of the Republican ticket will be inducted into officewith the most pretentious inauguralceremonies ever staged in this State.Now that the election is over andit has been decided by 30,000 votersthat Mr. Morrow is to be the nextGovernor. Democrats and Republicans alike will co-operate in formulating plans for the inaugural ceremonies. The committee to be incharge of the arrangements have notbeen selected.Dr. John G. South, whose wife is acousin of the Governor-elect, will bechairman of the executive committee. Other members of that committee will be announced next week.house of Christ Church Cathedral, inLexington.The meeting was called by ColonelJohn R. Allen, campaign chairmanfor the Lexington Diocese. In thedelegation were representativesfrom Episcopal missions and. parishes of Lexington, Frankfort, Versailles, Paris, Cynthiana, Beattyville,Proctor, Richmond, Danville, arrodsburg, Somerset, Lawrenceburg,Nicholasville, Georgetown, Corbin,Middlesboro, Winchester and Mt.Sterling.Dr. Richard Wilkerson, formerrector of the Church of the GoodShepherd, who is in Kentucky atthis time, delivered an address to theworkers. The Rev. John Gass, ofFrankfort, also made a talk.FALL SEEDSBest quality Northern GrownRosen Seed Rye, Less quantity per acre. Yields more thanany other variety. Also havehighest quality Seed Wheat andTimothy Seed.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.state that the weather here hasclosely approached the real coldweather line in the past day or two.Following the recent rains themercury took a sudden, tumble lateWednesday afternoon, and with anicy cold wind blowing from theNorthwest the situation was. aboutas uncomfortable as could be imagined. Early yesterday morning reliable thermometers registered as"low as twenty degrees. Heavy frostformed and the water surfaces in exposed places were frozen. Later inthe day the mercury ascended, butto the extent of only a few degrees.It was' the first real touch of winterthis section has experienced.OPENINGNOTICE',-jT-Am now open and ready forbusiness. Better prepared andequipped thanfever before to giveyou strictly first-class service.We do all kinds of optical repairing. Can duplicate any lens,no matter where or by whomfitted. Our services are thebest, prices moderate and location convenient. Won't yougive us a call?DR. WM. R. FRANKLINVarden's Drug Store.MARGOLEN'SIEE-KEKT OIL CO. BEINGS INWELL.Among the new oil wells reporteddrilled in Tuesday was one by theX,ee-Kent Oil Co., of Paris, in WellItfo. 5, on their Poplar Thicket lease,in Lee county, with a reported flowof twenty barrels.CHRISTIAN CHURCH CALEDAR.Sunday, 9:30 a. ra. Bible School.Sunday, 70:45 a. m. MorningWorship.Sunday, 2:30 p. m. Junior Endeavor. Sunday, 2:30 p. m. County BibleSchool Conference.Sunday, 6:00 p. m. ChristianEndeavor Meeting.Monday, 7:00 p. m. Male ChorusPractice.Tuesday, 7:00 p. m. Choir Practice. Wednesday, 7:00 p. m. PrayerService.Wednesday, 3:30 p. m. TrebleClef Rehearsal.A telegram received by JudgeFlem Sampson, of the Court of Appeals, from his brother, L. D. Sampson, of New York, stated that aboom was being started in New YorkCity for Governor Coolidge, of Massachusetts for the Republican candidate for President and Governorelect Edwin P. Morrow, of Kentucky,for the Vice Presidency. A similarboom for Governor-elect Morrowwas started in Washington.cB-4 FIREInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,Agtsobad'hbe at maysville.WANTED, TURKEYS.10,000 head fat turkeys. Willpay highest cash price day ofdelivery. mmWill receive from November7th to 20th. Get our pricesbefore selling.Will have branch house atMillersburg, corner Foorth andVimont.LEON RENAKER & CO.Home Phone 552.Cumb. Phone 361,Opp. Hotel Windsor, Paris.(Oct31-5t)FARMS FOR SALE!OHIO BLUE GRASS FARMSPicked For a Quick Sale; Well Located112 acres, 10-room h, 2 barns, crib, bog h, well watered, goodfences, handy to school and churches, close to good town, all river bottom land $23,000. one-half cash.139 acres, 10-room h, large barn, garage, poultry h, crib, land levelto rolling, 50 a. blue grass, 25 a meadow, 15 a. timber, handy to school,store and church, plenty of fruit. BARGAIN AT $17,000.8 acres, 9-room h, barn, poultry h, wagon shed, granery, GOODBUILDINGS, 10 a clover, 15 a bluegrass, good fences, running water,close to a good town $7,200.4 70 acre, 6-room h, summer kitchen, cellar, large barn, poultry h,10a clover, 20 a blue grass, 15 a. meadow, land level and rolling, wellfenced, on good pike close to school, store and church $6,000." 107 acres of level black land, all tilled on good pike close to a goodtown, feoed into 6 fields , 6-room h, 2 barns, corn crib, wagon shed,THIS ISA BANDY FARM WORTH THE PRICE $17,500. Only $5,000c&ati required.1 120 acres level land, all well tilled,, fenced into 6 fields, 25 awheat 40 a clover, 20 acres blue ggrass, 5-room h, cellar, 2 barns,corn crib, garage, coal h, smoke h, granary, wagon shed. Farm is welllocated on good pike, close to a good town $22,000. GET OUR NEWFARM LIST.PAfcR WOODRUFF,321 E. Fourth St, Cincinnati, O.v--rAt three o'clock Sunday morningfire was discovered in the office ofthe Limestone Lumber Co., on EastSecond street, in Maysville. It hadgained such headway that the bestthe fire department could do was toprevent its spread to other property,and the big lumber shed adjoiningthe office was completely destroyed.The loss is put at $10,000 with $4,000 insurance. The low waterpressure is blamed for the inabilityof the firemen to save the lumbershed.Special To-day10-pound bucketLard$3,00Fresh Reelfoot Lake FishBaltimore OystersMARGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketUhe Sheraton Jirt 9focielNow On Display in Our Store.Come in and and let us show you this wonderful machine,and hear it play. MO! NEEDLES TO CHANGE.DALION MA CHINESee this machine and hear it play.TJhe Jiuto JilettA Featuture Exclusivewith theDalion Machine.Christmas is drawing near. Don't be disappointed ingetting your machine on time. From the information thatwe receive from the manufacturers they will be just asscarce this year as last.Come in and make an early selection.SSrooks dcpnapp jDrugCo.Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanNEW BARBER FIRM.Walker Demett, who has been inthe barbering business in Paris forthe past twenty-one years, and Lucien Johnson, who has been in thebusiness in this city for nine years,and many years before that in otherplaces, have formed a partnershipin conducting the business at Demett's old stand, No. 120 Tenthstreet, near the Louisville & Nashville passenger station.We submit the following scale ofprices for the benefit of prospectiveand -present customers: Shave, 15cents; hair cut, 25 cents; massage,25 cents; shampoo, 25 cents; hairsinge, 25 cents; hair tonic, 10 cents.We guarantee to give you as goodwork as any shop in the city. Wewill be open early and desire yourpatronage.WALKER DEMMETT,LUCIEN JHONSON.(7-tf)PARIS HI VS. SOMERSET HI.The Paris High School footballteam will journey to Somerset to-daywhere they will meet the fast teamof the Somerset High School in astruggle for gridiron field honors.Both teams are going strong anda good game is looked for. Parishopes to hear of the local team carrying away the large end of thescore.Paris High School will meet theGeorgetown team on the localground, Wright Field, near thiscity, in a game Monday afternoon.The game will be called at threeo'clock. These teams have met before and both will be in the struggle to win.POSTOITICE EMPLOYES TO GETINCREASES.Increases in their salary in thenear future has been assured to theemployes of the local postofilce. Thebill providing for an increase in salaries of postoffice employes has become a FederaL law, and wlli applyto all branches of the service. Theper cent, of increases is based on thepresent salary received.7ctbl0(ac&(dCINCINNATI'S CREATEST 5TORE. FOUNDED 1 $ 7 7.McCall PatternsStore Hours : 8:30 to 5:45Columbia GrafanolasThis Is Cincinnati'sDOMINATING StoreFOR over forty-two years this store has stood for EVERYTHING that contributes to the best interest of thepublic We number our regular customers from wideareas in FOUR STATES customers who never come toCincinnati without visiting Mabley's.We enjoy this, reputation because for years we nhave catered particularly to the out-of-town trade.This Is a Store for ALL the FamilyEvery member of the family can be COM. PLETELY outfitted here and to the best advantage.We specialize on STYLE in everything to wear andwe also specialize on quality and prices.Come to Cincinnati - and to Mabley and Carew's "TThe store is convenient to all railway and interurban stations ; to all theatres, and is in the heart ofthe shopping district.-We offer the use of our rest rooms our free , : .checking facilities our information desk our restaurant andTHE FINEST STOCK OF WEARING APPAREL FOR MEN, WOMEN AND CHILDRENTHAT IT IS POSSIBLE TO ASSEMBLEA. A-r-' tsheibl&y and (giew(p.CINCINNATI'S GREATEST STORE. FOUNDED tl .-f-'""'x V:v.- rX.- .! ,& ,. .i .-3L - '. -i"iK -"-&. Wa ' ''&Y Offn.-u-tiJfcV ?. lrtj -t kA, s-fWH.fc'$.?vr-- J '. Ai 'j i T"NXt.-..Tv fJ.4;kFBI0AY, NOVEMBER 14 1819tTTIPAGIKT.4VIffF-IJFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSETURKEYS.We will be unable to publishfit advance the last day onwhich we will receive turkeys.We will stop receiving when wehave gotten enough to fill ourorders.CHAS.S. BRENT &BRO.(noll-tf)oBOX SUPPER REALIZES HAUI)SOME SUM.The sum of $123 was realized atthe box supper held at the LairSchool recently. The proceeds willbe converted into the fund beingrairrd for the Kentucky OrphanKnne at Louisville.oATTENTION, U. B. C.Te November meeting of RichardHawes Chapter, United Daughters of'be Confederacy, will be held in theConfederate room, in the court houseat -30 o'clock, to-morrow (Saturday) afternoon. A full attendance.fall the members is urgently requested, as business of importanceto come up for consideration anddiscussion.YOU'LL FIND BTT.TIKTN SHOES ATD. EELB'S SHOE STOREIf you are looking for tiie Billiim Shoes for children, come to(tf) FELD'S SHOE STORE.oSOME LEFT.We did not sell all of our overcoats last season, which is verylucky for the man who wants anovercoat this season. We have anexcellent lot of coats that are marked at last season's prices $20 forcoats worth 40, $25 worth $50, $30worth $60. These are more suitablefor the men than young men. Theyare strictly all wool and most ofthem tailored by Adler. If you wantto save at least one-half on yourovercoat, come in and look theseover. Plenty of this season's overcoats for the young fellow.J. W. DAVIS & CO.BOX SUPPER AT THE KISERTONSCHOOL.The pupils of the KisertonSchool, Miss Minnie Riser, teacher,will give a box supper in the schoolbuilding to-night (Friday), November 14, at 7:30 o'clock. The proceeds will be donated to the "Kentucky Orphans' Home, at Louisville.The public is extended a cordial invitation to attend. A good time isin store for everyone.oMORE HOUSES HEEDED.There is an urgent demand formore housing room in this. city.There are inquiries every day bypeople who desire to locate here, butare unable to find houses. This islargely due to the high cost ofbuilding material and labor. Manymen who had contemplated, buildinggave it up after figuring on the costand there is no immediate prospectof relief from these conditions.COME A1IB TRY OUR PLACE:STORAGE BATTERY EXPERTSWe know the battery businessfrom start to finish. When repairsare necessary we make them quicklyand at the right price. When youneed a new battery we furnish a"Gould," the best battery on themarket.DICKERSON & SON,106 Tenth Street,(7-3t) Both. Phones 436.oDON'T EORGET THESE TWOFARM SALES.Don't forget the sale of two farmsto be held this week by the ParisRealty Co., the first one, the oldNoah Spears farm, located on theBrentsville pike, near Paris, containing 124 acres, will be sold at2:00 p. m. to-day (Friday), November 14.The second sale will be that of theWm. Case farm, containing 103acres, located on the Bryant Station pike. This farm will be sold intwo tracts, to-morrow (Saturday),November 15, at 10:00 a, m.THE PARIS REALTY CO.,512-514 Main St., Paris, Ky.(It)LIBERTY BRUM CORPS TO BE REVTVEB. The Liberty Drum Corps, whichrendered such afficient service during the promotion of various drivesand campaigns in this city somemonths ago, is to be revived andgiven new life, if present plans arecarried out.At a recent meeting of the BoyScouts, held at their rooms in the Y.M. C. A., the matter was taken upand discussed, and tentative plansconsidered. The Corps will probablybe reorganized under the leadershipof Leslie O'Neill, manager, and Nor-bert Friedman, assistant managerThe drums will be repaired andready for use. All Scouts bmadjssticks or straps belonging tofit are requested to turn thear in atthe Y. M. C. A. on or beforto-night.All boys who are interested in becoming members of tlCorps are requested to be preserft at the Y. M.C. A. to-night at seven o'clock.This meeting will be not only forboys who axe already members ofthe Boy Scouts, but those who aredesirous of becoming members of theDrum Corps. The .Scouts decided togive a "Stunt NigKt" and bazaar onFriday night, December 19.SOCIAL A33D PERSONAL:Comings and Goings of Ourv People Here, There andElsewhere.p- J- Kane left Wednesday forHot Springs, Ark., for the benefit ofIns health.Miss Christine Thomas is convalescing after an operation for theremoval of tonsils and adenoids.Mr. and Mrs. Homer G. Riser,of Paris, were dinner guests Tuesday of Mrs. B. E. Bellue, in Richmond. Eugene Hutsell, well-knownBourbon county farmer, is seriouslyill at his home on the Hume andBedford pike.Mrs. Mamie Remington Parrishis a guest of her sister, Mrs. WilliamHoward, and Mr. Howard, in Richmond.Misses Lizzie Lenihan and Mary'uoaa, or JLexington, are guests of relatives and friends in this city andcounty.Mr. and Mrs. John Doty havemoved from the Smith cottage onFifteenth street to rooms over THENEWS office.Miss Johnson, principal of theMidway Orphan School, was in Parisseveral days this week, in the interest of the school.Miss Lelia Scoggan, of Louisville, is a guest of her uncle, SquireJohn J. Redmon, and Mis. Redmon,at their home near North Middletown. Mrs. J. T. Layton and son, Atwell Layton, who have been guestsof Mr. and Mrs. Edward Owsley,left Tuesday for their home inPlatte City, Missouri.Mrs. Russell Mann left Tuesdayfor Tampa, Fla,, where she will attend the National Convention of theDaughters of Confederacy, as delegate from Richard Hawes Chapter ofParis.Mrs. Thomas Evans, of NewYoik City, is with her daughter,Miss Evans, at the home of Mrs. W.T. Brooks, on Duncan avenue, forthe winter.Rion Dow, who has been a guestof his father, R. P. Dow, and' Mrs.Daw, left Tuesday for a businesstrip to Chicago, before returning tohis home in Des Moines, Iowa.Mrs. George Williams Ranson,of Richmond, has arrived to spendthe winter in this city with herdaughter, Miss Lavalette Ranson, atthe home of Mrs. Ernest Harris.Mr. and Mrs. Wolford Ewaltwere hosts recently at a dining toMr. and Mrs. Thos. McDowell, ofDallas, Texas, Mrs. J. W. Snodgrass,J. Will Snodgrass and Mrs. W. H.Gordley, of near Cynthiana.Miss Mary Clay will leave nextweek for Eustis, Florida, to spendthe winter. She will stop in NewOrleans, en route, to visit friends.Col. and Mis. E. F. Clay have preceded her to Eustis for the winter.Mrs. Robert Taylor Quisenburry, of Danville, and her brother,Mr. Douglass Estill, a young farmerof Frenklin county, were guests oftheir aunts, Mrs. Laura Estill Francis and Mrs. Lavina Estill ChenaultMrs. Volney W. Ferguson leftTuesday for a visit to her daughter,Mrs. Charles Miles McKinlay, andDr. McKinlay, at their home inLeonia, New Jersey. She was accompanied as far as Cincinnati byher husband.The Louisville Courier-Journalhas the following social notes, whichwill be of interest to Paris relativesand friends: "Mrs. Louis Frankand Miss Carolyn Frank will leaveto-morrow for Governor's Island tovisit Mrs. Frank's son, Lieut. Col.Selby Frank, and Mrs. Frank. . . .Mrs. William Wareing and Miss Julia Wareing, of Cleveland, arrivedthe first of the week to visit Mrs.Wareing's parents, Dr. Louis Frank,and Mrs. Frank."Writing from Elk Creek, Ky.,to renew his subscription to THENEWS, Thomas Mynes, formerly ofParis, adds: "Tobacco is selling herefrom fifty to seventy cents in barns,all around us. Corn is good, butdamaged by recent rains. Aboutone-thiid lost in this county. Realestate is booming. Real estate menhave done more business than everbefore, land selling anywhere from$100 to $300 per acre. I havehandled three farms in the last sixweeks, realizing a good profit oneach one."The following postcard invitation has been received: "Thanksgiving Dance, featuring Handy's Orchestra, of New York City, (formerly of Memphis, Tenn.) Originators of "The Blues," Seven Pieces,Phoenix Hotel, Lexington, Ky., Wednesday Evening, November 26, 1919.Subscription, $4.00, War Tax Included; Houis, 9 to 3. W. P. Walton, Jr. Special permsision has beenobtained from the hotel management to extend this dance untilthree o'clock."Mr. and Mrs. Stanhope Wiedemann entertained on Wednesdayevening with an informal dance attheir country home, on the Georgetown pike, near this city, in honor ofMr. and Mrs. Kenneth Alexander, ofWoodford county, who will leave tomorrow for New York to make theirhome. The home was decked withflowers and plants, and the hostesswns assisted in entertaining theI guests by her sister, Miss PaulinePurcell, of Lexington. Dancing wasenjoyed, an orchestra fiom Lexington furnishing the music, and supper was served. A large number ofguests from Paris and the county,and from the surrounding citifc andHps nartook of the Dleasums orevening.Mrs. J. H. Fuhrman entertaicharmingly with a six-o'clock cner Wednesday, at her home on Higstreet, in compliment to Mr. andMrs. J. D. Roseller, of Cincinnati,and Dr. and Mrs. J. W. Andrews, ofLexington. A four-course dinner wasserved the guests. The table coverand the napery used were heirloomsof rare old point lace, and the tableware of old gold and goeblin blue,were used in the Fuhrman familyover one hundred years ago. Thedinner comprised wine, salad andturkev courses, brick cream and individual cakes and 'coffee. The refreshments or wine usea was maae"by Mrs. Fuhrman especially 'for 'this'occasion. t v -Miss Kate Ahern is visiting Mrs.S. E. Lawrence, in Covington.Claude Redmon, of the Chevrolet Motor Co., has returned from abusiness visit in Cincinnati.Mrs. Burliss Price, of Marshall,Mo., is a guest of her aunt, Mrs. C.A. Daugherty, on Mt. Airy avenue.Mrs. Z. W. Lee, formerly ofParis, was a guest of friends in thiscity yesterday. Mrs. Lee was enroute to Corbin to visit her son, Mr.J. J. Lee, formerly with the Metropolitan Life Insurance Co., in thiscity.The following program wasrendered yesterday afternoon at theweekly meeting of the ProgressiveCulture Club, held at the home ofMrs. W. T. Brooks, on Duncan avenue. English Novels of the Fourteenth Centry? Responses; My Favorite Novel' of the Period, Thackery's "Vanity Fair," Mrs. George W.Stuart; Dickens' "David Copperfield," Mrs. Ed. Turner; Eliot's "MillOn The Floss," Miss Wyatt.Miss Mary Robinson entertained Wednesday with an informalluncheon at her home on East Mainstreet, in Lexington in honor of MissCeleste Lucas, of Paris. Among theguests were Miss Lucy Simms andMiss Celeste Lucas, of Paris, MissSarah Shackleford, Mrs. Robinsonand Miss Sarah Buckner, of Winchester. Misses Lucas and Simms returned to Paris, Wednesday evening,to remain until going East. MissLucas' mother, Mrs. Ann Lucas, whois visiting in Paris, expects to spendthe winter in the South with herson, Desha Lucas, formerly of Paris.Lexington Herald: "Mrs. DeshaBreckinridge has had as her, guestfor several days at her home on Linden Walk, Miss Celeste Lucas, ofParis, who now spends most of hertime at Saranac Lake, N. Y., whereshe superintends woodwork, weavingand other interesting branches, atthe Trudean Sanitarium. Miss Lucashas been visiting Miss Lucy Simmsfor a month at Paris and leaves soonto return to Saranac. Her bi other,Mr. Desha Lucas, who has beenspending sometime in the South, isill there and she is waiting to hearnews of him before leaving for NewYork." x(Other Personals on Page 3.)oTHE BEST TO BE HAB AT THECHEAPEST PRICES.If It's groceries, vegetables, fruits,or anything that is handled by a grocery, come to us if you want thebest at the lowest price. Potatoesat the special price of 60 cents perpeck this week. Bring the cash tous and we will save you money.MRS. ELLIS' CASH GROCERY,(It) Opposite Court House.oTURKEY MARKET WILL CLOSETHIS WEEK.The local turkey market for theThanksgiving season will close thisweek, after a successful run of several weeks, during which time largenumbers of the , birds have beenslaughtered and dressed for the markets.More than one thousand turkeysreceived Wednesday. Prices rangedfrom thirty to thirty-one cents apound, live weight, the highest everpaid on the local market. The birdswere brought to the pens in wagonsand trucks. Some turkeys are stillbeing receibed at the C. S. Brent &Bro. pens, due to the fact that theywere bought late in the season.The pens have been well-filled andthe outlook for an extensive tradehas been the brightest in manyyears. The Christmas market willopen about the first week in December. NEW CROP MOLASSES.We have just received a fine lotof New Orleans Molasses and country sorghum. Better get some, as itis going fast.(14-lt) C. P. COOK & CO.oAT PARIS GRANB AND ALAMO.To-day, Friday, Nevember 14Frank Keenan, in "The MasterMan;" Anne Luther and CharlesHutchison, in "The Great Gamble."To-morrow, Saturday, November15 "The Girl From The Outside;"James J. Corbitt, in "The MidnightMan." Alamo, night only DustinFarnum, in "The Parson of Panamint." Monday, November 17 May Allison, in "Peggy Does Her Darndest;"Bill Parsons Comedy, "He Did andHe Didn't;" Burton Holmes TravelPictuies.PHONOGRAPH CONTEST AT THEY. M. C. A. TO-NIGHTThe phonograph concert to begiven at the Y. M. C. A. building tonight promises to be largely attended. The pupils from the countyschools have been invited as specialguests for the occasion. The public generally is cordially invited toattend.Help WantedGood woman wanted as a companion and help for elderly womanand make home with her. Apply toMRS. J. H. MARTIN,(14-tf) Cumberland Phone 230.Farm Wanted.FARM WANTED Send descriptor!.Vn n oiTtn'Dur'Tn1. V. V. JIXJJi. XXO-XbX,(r4-4t-pd) Minneapolis, Minn.wLostA lady's dark blue silk hat(Knox), also left hand doe- skinglove. Reward offered., ,' ' ' " "" r V MARY C, CLAY,.(lt-pd) ; ' '- Phone 630.WonderfulSample Coats and SuitsBy taking quick advantage of an unusual buying opportunity we have been able to secure a wonderful collectionof Sample Coats and Suits, which we are offering to ourpatrons at the closest possible prices. We invite yourinspection, feeling sure you will be delighted with thesemodels.Elegant materials made up in the latest fashions somefur trimmed, others plain tailored all beautifully lined.Silvertpne, Peach Bloom, Velour, Tinseltone, Cameleon.$50 to $200 -National Blouse WeekNovember 10-15Whatever you may choose from this complete and lovelycollection of blouses you may feel assured it is quite correctin style and color.The Blouse and Overblouse are equally favored and youwill find charming models in Georgette, Silk and Crepe deChine; high or round necks.See Our WindowsHARRY SIMON224 W. Main St.Lexington, Ky.beau$uMrs. Homeloveri-THE J.EITHERPHONE 36moiur nuarbeOFl 3IL liB&k &"PIE,WllWrTnlM 311)fix up your HomeWaufijuNy bepre youawe q pavv.Wevnavemew 1 1mlFURNITUREmas c?j'a.Whether you are going to give afix up your home for your family and friends.New things are a delight to every woman,particularly new rugs and furniture. This is notsurprising because a woman lives in her home, andwants to be PROUD of it.Fit out your home with our high quality stylenew furniture and rugs. They last a long time.Our PRICES are always LOW for the HIGHQUALITY we sell.T. HINTON CO.PARIS, KENTUCKYmuiur mvoiiu vuaun uiraeniKing 'li-n 7TSaleMain StreetParis, Ky.vNparty ornot"J'-$8SIXTH AND MAINJfSfri -h' -si,. ?l'(I?TkhsIE',-i f;?i"N- v- n- vMtlDAY, NOVIMBMt 14, MlTHE BOTOBOH HEWS. P1SIS, XJGHT&CrTZA0BKXi ' ''1TNATIONAL CONSUMER'S LEAGUEn- - ' - , - - .VfiH1tt!sid51Hif&INFLUENZAKilled 84,355 in46 CitiesDURING the first epidemic of Influenza 84,355 persons died of the disease in 46 cities of the country,according to official government figures, during thetime between September 14, 1918, and March 1, 1919.The death rate in country districts was also excessivelyhigh.Another epidemic is coming, medical authorities assert.It may be even more horrible than the first, which sweptover this country, killing half a million people, destroyingthe health of countless others. Are you prepared to combat it? Have you the strength which physicians say youneed? If you haven't you may be thejirst stricken.'Build up your strength with Pepsinol. It renews your vitality. It's a general conditioner for nerves, blood and tissue. Pepsinol brings aN message of hope of safety to thosewho are weak. It gives vitality and power of resistance toevery organ that's subject to attack. The entire constitution responds quickly to it. Now is the time for you toconsider calmly how- you will conserve your strength, renewyour vitality, guard your health. If you do this, you willI be convinced that there is nothing so good for you 'asPepsinol, the reconstructive tonic that vitalizes and invigorates. You will be astonished by the way in which its pure ingredients, in strict accordance with the standards of the U.S. Pharmacopoeia, quickly rid you of general debility, stomach trouble and weakened nerves how quickly and yet howsafely it restores vigorous health, how surely it removes thatweakening, depressing lack of co-ordination in the bodilyfunctions.If Pepsinci dec r-i ctfve you thorough satisfaction, vo".may have your money back on return of tiie bottle Tint isthe guarantee of the makers of genuine Pepsinol. The Peplax Medicine Company. Memphis. Tenn There is an authorized Pepsinol accent in your locality who .can supply you.Get Pepsinol from:People's Pharmacy, Main St., Paris, Ky.GROOMING MATT COHEN POP,CONGRESSMAN.Farmers in Franklin and adjoining counties are starting a boom forMatt Cohen, Commissioner of Agriculture for Congressman from theSeventh District, if CongressmanCantrill decides to oppose SenatorJ. C. W. Beckham in the Senatorialrace. A meeting was held in theinterest of Cohen's candidacy, which,was attended by farmers. They believe that Cohen would serve the interests of the farmers in the National House of Representatives,basing this contention on the fastthat during his term as Commissioner of Agriculture Cohen has devotedUs time and energy in behalf of thefarmers.POX TROTTERS IN MIGHTFOX TROTS INTO HALL.ASTHIS MEANS YOU.iWhen you get up with a bad tastein your mouth, a dull, tired feeling,no relish for food and are constipated, you may know that you need adose of Chamberlain's Tablets. Theynot only cause an agreeable movement of the -bowels, but cleanse andinvigorate the stomach and improvethe digestion.(adv-nov)The first fox that has ever dancedthe fox trot made his debut at theHotel St. Francis, near San Francisco, Cali., lately. His efforts precipitated a near riot.The fox, which had been sent toChief Clerk Harry Boyle by Prof.Audrey Chatain, of Chicago, a St.Francis guest who recently went tothe Yosemite, was left in the checkroom. When Boyle picked up thebox to take the fox home the bottomfell out.The fox jumped a counter four feethigh and dashed into the Borgiaroom among the dancers, who at themoment were swaying to the tune of"Take Your Girlie to the Movies."Across the floor the fox scampered,brushing the ankles of several femaleTerpsichores, who held their partners in a deathlike grip and screamed. The music jazzed on. It was alialft hour before the fox was cornered. oIn children education, we pay toomuch attention to the wits, and notenough to the will.416c a packagebefore thec a packageduring thewarwarKxBa.L3l fkiin,?,Iflavor l&3 v h i ir ii r -i- riJ &$fyf MSSasM MSslMI3 E&Sfefof $$sSffl SSsmf"fl dk.4Tw7iV 7VT3rj2r T-vaj' I&fStW JsJjMSJti tfaurl3t&f$w iiMffffl BflSsNSm fefixhM EffiiEsSEar fslfflofffl! gMg mm ismgJ Mm Mm Mmf&ifj ISl&SsmeW TMJgjy ilf SlWJ'7? gr Hi : i L-ffl. . VThe combined conference of theNational Consumer's League, theKentucky Conference of School Workand the Kentucky Conference onAmericanization will be held in Louisville, November 20 to 24, withNewton D. Baker, Secretary of Warand President, of the National Consumer's League, acting as Chairman, on the evening of November 20.Among the subjects to be discussedat the conference are: Family Welfare, Race Relations, Rural Development, Recreation, Health, Education,Industrial Relations, Americanization, Child Welfare and Red CrossHome Service.'The Kentucky speakers that appear on the program are: ProfessorJohn F. Smith, of Berea College, Dr.A. E. Thomson, of Lincoln Institute;Rev. John Little, SuperintendentPresbyterian Colored .Mission; Hon.Edward W. Hines, President Kentucky Council of National Defense;James Speed, Secretary State Development Committee; Dr. W. A. Gan-field, President of Center College;James Boggs, State Commissioner ofRoads; Mrs. Lafon Riker, Presidentof the Kentucky Federation of Women's Clubs; Philo Dix, ExecutiveSecretary of the State Y. M. C. A;A. T. Benson, Scout Executive of theBoy Scouts of America; Dr. John JMcCormick, former Secretary of theState Board of Health,; Miss MarianWilliamson, Superintendent of Nurses; Miss Linda Neville, Secretary ofthe Society for the Conservation ofVision; Dr. Leon Solomon, Directorof the State Social Hygiene Bureau;Mrs. J. B. Judah, Executive Committee member, Committee on Housing,Community Council, Louisville; McHenry Rhodes, State Supervisor ofHigh Schools; Dr. Frank L. McVey,President of the University of Kentucky; Charles B. Lewis, Professor ofBiology, Berea; Mrs. Cora WilsonStewart, Secretary of the State Commission on Illiteracy; Professor J. H.Risley, Kentucky Educational Association; Miss Adele Brandies, Consumer's League of Kentucky; Geo.C. Burton, of the Federal LandBank; R. C. Ballard Thruston, StateChairman American Red Cross; MissFrances Ingram, Head Resident ofNeighborhood House; S. ThrustonBallard, President of Ballard & Ballard Co.; George L. Sehon, Superintendent of the Kentucky Children'sHome Society; Dr. Arch Dixon, former member of the Board of theState Institution for the Feebleminded; Hon. Robert W. Bingham,President of the Kentucky Children'sHome Society.MEiiMEANSISFor Pain, Colds, Headaches, Toothache, 'Neuralgia, Lumbago,-'Rheumatism.pTO1 dwfeYou want relief- quickly andsafely! Then insist on "Bayer Tablets of Aspirin," stamped with the"Bayer Cross."The name "Bayer" means you aregetting genuine Aspirin prescribedby physicians for over eighteenyears, and proved safe by millionsof people.For a fe wcents you can get ahandy tin box of genuine "BayerTablets of Aspirin," containing 12tablets. Druggists also sell larger"Bayer" packages. Aspirin is thetrade mark of Bayer Manufacture ofMonoaceticacdester of Salicycacid.(adv)oRED CROSS BASE HOSPITALSWILL BE HELD INTACTAt the request of the War andNavy departments and as a part ofthe peace program of the AmericanRed Cross, the base hospitals, organized by the Red Cross for thearmy and which saw service overseas during the war will be held intact for future emergencies.The base hospitals, of which thereare fifty, are located at importantpoints throughout the country, thepersonnel having been recruitedfrom the medical, surgical and nursing staffs of thebig hospitals intheir territory.A GOOD COUGH MEDICINE FORCHILDREN.Mrs. J. W. Phillips, Redon, Ga.,phoned to J. M. Floyd, the merchantthere, for a bottle of Chamberlain'sCough Remedy and said she hadbought a bottle of it at his store recently and that it was doing herchildren so much good that shewanted to keep up the treatment.You will find nothing better forcoughs and colds in children or foryourself. It keeps the cough loose,expectoration easy and soon freesthe system from the cold.&58&3M&HtfraKSW I "J Ul"' ,111111111'"Tnmwm 9mJ Immmm MtJJlred tint, hmncumme peaiuiand half-pound tin hamidoTBand that classy,prmetical pound crystalglaMB humidor ipithsponge moisttner top thmtkeep the tobacco in suchPUT a pipe in your face that's filled cheerily brimful of PrinceAlbert, if you're on the trail of smoke peace! For, P. A. willsing you a song of tobacco joy that will make you wish yourlife job was to see how much of the national joy smoke you.could get away with every twenty-four hours !You can "carry on" with Prince Albert through thick and thin,You'll be after laying down a smoke barrage that'll make theboys think of the old front line in France 1P. A. never tires your taste because it has the quality! And,let it slip into your think-tank that P. A. is made by our exclusive patented process that cuts out bite and parch assurancethat you can hit smoke-record-high-spots seven days out ofevery week without any comeback but real smoke joy!R X Reynolds Tobacco Company, Winston -Salem, N. C!2.75 DHUNK; IT CANT BE BONE,CHEMISTS SAY.Six authorities on alcohci and itseffect after tests on regular drinker&, occasional drinkers and total abstainers, have found:Two cups of coffee have as much"kick" as 21 pints of one-half of 1per cent beer.A stomach full of 2.-75 is , onlyenough for one-quarter of one drink.Twenty-one and a half quarts of onehalf of 1 per cent, beer at a sittingis necessary for intoxication, but thehuman stomach will only hold oneseventeenth of that quantity.Six pints of one-half of 1 per cent!ucei ia.yiuiy uunaunicu lhu same uone teaspoonful of alcohol.These facts are contained in affidavits filed by the six authorities, including Dr. John Marshall, professor of chemistry and toxicology inthe University of Pennsylvania. Theaffidavitsxwere filed in Federal Court,at St. Louis, in support of the application of St. Louis brewers to restrain enforcement of the Volsteadprohibition law.JAMES WATSON SAYS, 'TIL NEVER FOUGET WHEN FATHERS HOGS GOTCHOLERA"One morning he found 20 hogsdead and several sick. He called inthe Vet, who after dissecting a ratcaught on the premises, decided thatthe rodents had conveyed germs.Sincethen I am never without RATSNAP. It's the surest, quickest ratdestroyer I know." Three sizes, 2 He,50c,-?1.50. Sold and guaranteed byThe Farmers' Supply Co., Paris, Ky.(adv-nov)24-HOUR CLOCK MAY BE ADOPTED IN ENGLAND.A committee has been appointedby the English government to report on the advisability of adoptingthe 24-hour method of expressingtime, which was put into effect abouttwelve years ago in Western Canada, and which is said to have manyadvocates in the United States. Italyfor a long time has usedihe system,and it is extensively employed on thecontinent for railway, postal and telegraph purposes. Astronomers always use it.O is the starting point of the 24hour method, representing midnight.The hours are then counted as on theordinary clock face to 12. Afterthat 13 takes the place of 1, 14 of2, and so on up to 23 and the reappearance of zero.A RAT THAT DIDN'T SMELT, AFTER BEING DEAD FOR3 MONTHS."I swear it was dead at least 3months," said James Sykes, butcher,Westfield, N. J. "We saw that ratevery day. Put a cake of RAT-SNAP behind a barrel. Monthslater my wife asked me about therat. Remembered the barrel, look-1ed behind it. There was the ratdead; not the slightest odor." Three!OLAXZOt AUb, UUb, f J..VV. UU1U OUUguaranteed by The Farmers SupplyCo., Paris, -Ky.1920fJodelsNow in stock andready to demonstrate. New shipment just arrived.Better get- yoursquick.Lot of first-classsecond hand carsfor sale at bargainsif moved at once.We need room fornew cars.Make Dace forDemonstrationC. S. BALL MAGECop. Fourth and Pleasant St.CZS222SIDR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Note and ThroatK00MS-403-4Q4EffiST IvAT'L BANK BUILDINGPHONE 138Let's help the new man on the jobwe were once new on the job' ourselves.CAHAL BROS.BAEBEE SHOPPrompt and Courteous Attention toPatrons.sfS(adv-nov)fHOTANDCOLD;BATHSrV4- S 'JS ''. . .ffJV . i-"1 ,fVs(advnoy) s;- FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1919THF, BOU1BOHHEWS. PABIS,'JEJEHTPCIT.'CiSCOEE (m THE: EtHKETEIHrTlEr- -.-CENSUS, EXTENDEDr' , -.HV 4--. - BBBBBBBBC-BBBBBBBBBBbM BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBlaw bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb'sBtBBHesBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBi.BBBBBBBBKBBBsnHBflBBHnBHBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB, ,BBBBBBbHHBBkIBhBBhHBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBHBBBBBBHDBnn'fiBp V - - -.ArtBlBBBBBjHjHjHjHjHjHjHjHjjBnBS'' -- TfJfcBtBBBWA man'sbcsttpalLet?s give 5em our smoke"a ?W smoke Chesterfield. The choicest"- of expensive aromatic Turkish tobaccos,the finest of sun-ripened Domestic leaf, blendedby an. original and exclusive method that can'tbe imitated.In the blending of these costly tobacco,our experts have brought out a new flavorand a mellow richness surpassing that of anycigarette you ever smoked.Chesterfields sure do satisfy; not in flavoralone, but in value, in quality, even in theirsuperior moisture-proof wrapping that keepsthem firm and fresh alway3.You want "satisfy" that's sure. You getit only in Chesterfields.xfrfivUtfhand the blend '-'Wcan't be copied jjjSw20 For 20 Cents -A NEW COUNTERFEITCounterfeits have found a newfield of activity, according to reports from tnev Treasury Departmentat Washington. In certain parts ofthe country counterfeits have beenheen discovered in this year's issueof War Savings Stamps. Departments of the Government are tryingto apprehend the persons responsiblefor the distribution of the fake reproductions of the little securities.Banks and stamp agents and postmasters are requested to communicate at once with the Chief of theUnited States Secret Service atWashington when such are presented. The counterfeits are being attached .to genuine certificates. Theyare a photographic reproduction ingood color blue ink, but the fine lines Ibehind the portarait in the genuineappear in solid color in the counter-323K?;aZ5?a?!HPTHE MOSTDANGEROUS DISEASEKo ortrans of the humwi bortv am roImportwn to hpalth ami Jon;r life at uekidneys. "When t!j'w slow . p mul commence to lac: in their duties, looft out!ri:d out what the trouble i- withoutcedar. Whenever you feel nervousvcak. dizzy, suffer from sWplesncs?,or have i pains in the back icaltr upat onrf. Your kidnes need help. Th-carc siRtj? to warn you that your IvidT.eys ;ir' not performing1 their functions properiv. They ar only 1nt.1ido.nc: their work aid aro allow i:ur ""luritis to accumulate and 1 cou'ited into u-i.- M and other vn -op.mthi''! are -uJ5in you distress ani willdestrov rou unless they are drivenC.ct some GOLD MEDAL. Haarlem OHCapsules at once. They are an old, triedpreparation used all oyer the world fori n urios. They contain only o'M-fash-ioned,soothing oils combined withst-rength-iving and system-cleansinRherbs, well known and used by physician in thalr daily practice. GOLDMi:i.L Haarlem Oil Capsules are lmpo!t"d dixeot from the l.iboratorles inHolland. They aie convenient to take,and will eitner ;uvo prompt relief orvoiir monev will be refunded. Ask for"them at any drujr store, but be sure totret the original imported GOLDMlDALi branu. Accept no substitutes.In scaled packages. Three size.from your system.fcfcafcorarasfeit. The perforations of the genuine stamps appear photographed onthose which are not genuine."Counterfeiters seem to know agood thing when they see it," saida Treasury official, "or they wouldnot take the chance of a term in theFederal penitentiary by putting outreproductions of War SavingsStamps. People who are willing tobuy War Savings Stamps at less thantheir actual value get "stung" whenthey enter into a deal of this kind,because genuine War SavingsStamps, bought through banks, postoffices and authorized agents of theTreasury Department are alwaysworth their full face value, plus accurate interest.ONLY A COLD.sA MAN AND HIS WIFE-may both derive saiisf actionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must .surely satisfy you.A phone "brings U3.Are you ill? is often answered"Oh! it's only a cold," as if a coldwas a matter of little consequence,but people are beginning to learnthat a common cold is a matter notto be trifled with, that some of themost serious diseases start with acold. As soon as the first indication of a cold appears take Chamberlain's Cough Remedy. Remember that the sooner you get rid ofyour cold the less the danger, andthis remedy will help you to throwit off.(adv-nov)oRed Cross Service for AmericanCommunities is not to be neglectedin 1920. The Third Red Cross RollCall for members and funds will provide for the extension of Red Crosshelp through American territory.Nursing service, First Aid, Disasterrelief, Home Service and Juniorwork in the communities is the outline of proposed peace-time service.oA LADY W CHICAGO TELEGRAPHS FOR RAT-SNAP. .That the Fourteenth DecennialCensus; on which .the actual enumeration work will begin January 2,1920, is to he the most importantever taken is shown by the fact thatthe Act of Congress providing forthis census expressly increased thescope of the inquiries so as to include forestry and forest products,twa subjects never covered specifically by any- preceding census.The inquiries -to be made relatingto population, manufacturers, mines,quarries and agriculture were alsoextended in their scope by Congress,the keenest interest over the forthcoming census having been shown bythe members of the census committees of both the House and Senate,while the law was under consideration. The statistics gathered on miningwill include all oil and gas wells.Many startling developments in thisimportant branch of the Nation's resources are looked for by census officials. The figures gathered inTexas, Oklahoma and Kansas will nodoubt prove to be those most eagerly sought for, as shown by inquiriesalready received by the CensusBureau.The compilation and gathering offorestry and forest products statistics will be in charge of a specialforce of experts. The accurate andcomprehensive figures gathered concerning this vital natural resourcewill be much in demand, and thecomparisons made with conditionsexisting before the war will be ofgreat interest.Agricultural statistics will likewise be the subject of special efforton the part of tlie Census Bureau asthe importance of farming is beingrealized by the average citizen farmore than ever before.oSIGNALS OF DISTRESSParis People Should Know How ToRead and Heed Them.Disordered kidneys give many signals of distress.The secretions may be dark, contain sediment.Passages are sometimes frequent,scanty, painful.Backache is often present day andnight. "Headaches and dizzy spells may occur. Weakened kidneys should receivequick help.Don't delay! use a special Kianeyremedy.Doan's Kidney Pills 'are for weakkidneys, backache and urinary disorders. Paris evidence proves their worth.Chas. Stewart, tinsmith, Lillestonavenue, says: "I have had three orfour attacks of lumbago in the pastfew years, the first' being the worst.There was a constant, dull ache inmy back all the time and oftensharp, cutting pains darted throughit. It sometimes seemed as thoughI could hardly endure the misery. Itried different remedies with no results. I heard of Doan's KidneyPills and procured them from the Arderv Drug Co. The first box helpedme and I continued taking them until cured. Attacks since then havealways been slight. Doan's KidneyPills have never failed to relieveme."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Stewart had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffajo, 1$. Y. (adv)cTHIS ORCHARD PAIDWhen J. G. W. Smith a few daysago Commissioned a Lowell, Ark.,banker to invest $10,000 for him inhis limit in Treasury Savings Certificates and Liberty Bonds, a story ofsuccess under depressing circumstances were unfolded.Smith several years ago bought afarm for $5,000, making a smallpayment down and giving his notefor the balance. It was not longuntil he found the farm had 'beensold to him on misrepresentation.He could not evade the sale however, and so he planted an orchard.The note fell due before theorchard came into bearing, however,but his showing got an extension onthe paper.Last month the farm, with thefine young orchard, sold for $18,000,,not including this year's apple crop,which brought another $5,000.o-THEXTNlVESAfc CAR- Out of the more than 3,000,000 Ford carsnow in use, about sixty percent have been soldto farmers. . Probably no other one thing hasbrought to the farm so much of comfort andprofit as has the Ford car. It Jias enlargedthe social life, doubled the facilities for marketing, brought the town next door to the farm,multiplied for the farmerthe pleasures of living.A family car without an equal in low cost ofoperation and maintenance. We solicit yourorder for one now because the demand is largeand continually increasing.. RUGGLES MOTOR CO.Bank Row, Paris, Ky.XIIKIXIX1XI'AIBourbon Laundry!DAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4IXWest Fifh Street IXSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD! JgxIIIThe Bourbon Laundry-1Paris, Kentucky JJWith all the latest improvements in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we areprepared to do work inferior to none, and solicityour patronage.H118gl3J5S5',g',ggS;5SJ.J,a-.ti-g-3 jjaSjIairoosiiiBaaaaB:orn? IDO YOU FEED OATS AND CORN?If So, SeeCOLLIERFor prices; they have just unloaded a car of nice whiteoats. They also retail new corn by the bushel.Office Opposite Paris Tobacco Cumberland Phone 997Warehouse Home Phone 257mw..i,-.-a.ro---- rnroiMlllllllMIMlWtWWWMHWHIMIMMIMIMMLEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40flome Phone 169CONSTIPATION.Most laxatives and cathartics afford only temporary relief andshould he vised only for that purpose.When you want permanent relieftake Chamberlain's Tablets and becareful to observe the directionswith each package. These tabletsnot onlyNinove the Doweis-.mn. improve the appetite and strengthenthe digestion.1 (adv-nov)-o35,000 YANKS AHE STILL OVERSEAS.Read Mrs. Phillips' wire: "Youell'sExterminator Co., Westfield, N. J.Hush $3 worth of RAT-SNAP."Later received following letter:"RAT-SNAP" arrived. It rid ourhouse of rats in no time. Just moved' here from Pa., where-I used RATSNAP with great results." Threesizes, aoc, uc jmu. sold ana Darfof the obligation whichguaranteed by The farmer's Supply I ,lce "iVSJ!, in r0m-Uo.. Paris; Ky.The army is now -well below ther, 00.0 00 mark, according to an official statement giving the strength as290,477i The net reduction sinceNovember 1 last has been 92 percentr American forces abroad total35,000, including the 8,000 in Siberia. 'Warm blankets made' by AmericanTed Cross workers will keep Siberian peasants warm this winter.One warehouse in Washington is"stocked with cases - of sweaters,mufflers, socks, underwear and laymi fnr refnsree babies. This ser-Vttw w - 3BaaBoBBjiBBBjaaiaywsaThe J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMBRSParis Ky.Mainand SixthStreetsDay phone 36NlKht : . . 56or Home 386j4 .'the Red Cross must meetx(adY-noY) 'pleting its ,after-w.ar work.v vMotor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with aurLimousine Invalid Coach. NHearse used for funeral purposes only.aBBaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaBBBBBBHc .BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBiBBBBBBBBBBaMMIHMIHIIHltllUlWt'HMIMMtMIIIHI Send That Next Job of Printins to TBourbon News. Best worn; mgut Prices.s.VJ51- "J'i. f 'i . k si-V5'fi- H-tfW -i.-. .AijK--irtP--- . .aV. . .SCjHTV-JS- .35 im " v ME BOttlBOIf MEWS. MHS, DWTUCKTFRIDAY, NOVEMBER 14, -1910F1M EIGHT-A-''-r. ', Y H"1'MILLERSBURGMiss Laura C. Jefferson continues' quite ill.Mrs. S. C. Carpenter continuesabout the same.Mr. H. A. Sheeler is confined toliis home with heart trouble.Mrs. W. T. James, of Raleigh,N. C.t is a guest of her aunt, Mrs.JC. W. Corrington.v Mrs. Effie Prather returned yesterday after a week's visit to hersister, Mrs. A. P. Gooding, in Lexington. Th.e stock and farming utensils of G. W. Bramblette were soldat public sale Thursday,- everythingbringing good prices.Mr. and Mrs. Bayles DeBell have-returned to their home at Ewing, after a several days' visit to theirdaughter, Mrs. R. M. Caldwell.The Stanford High School andM. M. I. football teams will meet onthe M. M. I. grounds this afternoon.An interesting game is expected.Mrs. W. A. Munsing, of Maysville, arrived Monday as the guest oflier mother and sister, Mrs. MarthaVimont, and daughter, Miss Florence Vimont.Miss Mayme C. Tuttle, of Springfield, Ohio, who will have charge ofthe musical services during the protracted meeting to be held in theChristian church, next week, will arrive Sunday.'Mrs. Reynolds Letton entertained quite a number of her ladyfriends Tuesday afternoon, and Mrs.John Williamson, Wednesday afternoon. Delightful lunches were served at both entertainments.Miss Marguerite Allen had hertonsils removed at St. Joseph's Hospital, in Lexington, Tuesday, by Dr.Barrow, and returned home Thursday. Her mother was with her dur. ing her stay in Lexington.CARD OF THANKS. I wish tothank the many white friendsof Millersburg and vicinityfor the gifts of money and food andtheir kindness to my husband, JohnHenry Jones, during his long ill-ness and the many beautiful flowerssent for his funeral.BERTIE LEE JONES.Elder I. C. VanWinklemien a protracted meeting atwilltheChristian church Monday evening.The meeting will be conducted byElder W. P. Crouch, pastor of theCa iisle Christian church, and willcontinue about two weeks.oiHPOBTAirr notice to ex-service MEN.SEESALVATIONIST ASTRIAL AIDINDUS-It is generally recognized that thegreatest force against industrial unrest and Bolshevism in this countryis- content and plenty in the homesof those who are usually the victimsof want,. Poverty and distress arethe forerunners of anarchy and disorder. For these reasons it is recognized that the daily work of the Salvation Army in any great city inNorth America to-day is probablythe most effective antidote that canbe administered to the disease whichhas already commenced to taint thegreat body which upholds the industries of America.The rules and regulatipns of theSalvation Army are interestingwhen viewed from this standpoint.According to the regulations laiddown for him, the Corps Officer inthe Salvation Army must spend atleast eighteen hours every week visiting the community in which hisCorps is located. It is his businessto seek out the poor, the bereaved,and the unfortunate, and any whoespecially need help or guidance. Tomany such homes, the visit of theSalvation Army worker means newlife and at any time, by day ornight, he holds himself in readinessto stretch out a helping hand. Theentire Corps also visit hospitals,iails. work houses 'and all institu-tions in its community where theremay be human suffering and despair.At the Christmas season, bountiful baskets of ,food are given out toneedy 'families; "in the hot monthspoor mothers and children are takento some spot where fresh air and thebeauties of nature, combined withgood food, give them a new and morehopeful view of life.In brief, the work of the Salvation Army is to help the man orwoman who is down, whether he is"down on his luck" or down in. sin.With the Salvationist is the beliefthat there is hope and happiness andanother chance for all.' The Bureau o War Risk Insurance wishes to emphasize the importance to service men of one of theprovisions of the War Risk Insurance Act upon the fulfillment ofwhich may depend the validity oftheir claim to compensation underthe act.The War Risk Insurance Act proTides that "No eompesation ijhall bepayable for death or disability whichdoes not occur prior to or within oneyear after discharge or resignationfrom the service, except that where,after a medical examination madex pursuant to regulations, at the timeof discharge or resignation from theservice, or within such reasonabletime thereafter, not exceeding oneyear, as may be allowed by regulations, a certificate lias been obtainedfrom the director to the effect thatinjured person at the time of his discharge or resignation was sufferingfrom injury likely to result in deathor disability."Many discharged men are not familiar with or are inclined to disre,gard this provision of law and areallowing their rights thereunder tolapse.Request for the certificate mentioned above should be made to theChief Medical Advisor, Bureau of"War .Risk Insurance, Washington,D. C.oTOLL BUILD HOME IN EARXY' SPRING.ALAMOAFTERNOON, 2:00-5:30GRANDEVENING, 7:00-10:30ADMISSIONAdults 18c, war tax 2c 20cChildren and Gallery9c plus lc war tax 10cToday, FridayFrank KeenanIN'THE MASTER MAN'A story of political life ofthe 'Tower Behind the Throne"of grafters, sycophants, wardheelers, bosses and all other .unhealthy concomitants of modernAmerican political life such asstill obtain in some sections.Also Anne Luther and CharlesHutchison in"The Great Gamble"Tomorrow, SaturdayRex Beach's Great Drama ofthe North"The GirlFrom Outside"Also James Corbett in "TheMidnight Man."ALAMO SAT. NIGHT ONLYDustin FarnumIN"The Parsonof ParamintFfMonday, Nov. 17thMay AllisonAT HER BEST, In"PEGGY DOESHER DARNDEST"An appealing story of a fascinating and irresistible madcap.Also Bill Parsons Comedy,"He Did and He Didn't"And Holmes Travel Picture.PEITZI SCHEFF DISAPPOINTSHER MAYSVILLE AUDIENCEBecause of an attack of laryngitis,resulting from a cold contractedwhile visiting the grave of her former husband, John Fox, Jr., in theParis Cemetery, Monday, FritziScheff was unable to play her role in"Glorianna" at Maysville, Tuesdaynight. The part was taken by herunderstudy, Miss Virginia Burke.The Maysville Bulletin says:With every seat in WashingtonOpera House sold and standing roomall taken, the hundreds of peoplefrom this city and surrounding countryside who came to see Fritzi Scheffin 'Glorianna' waited patiently forthe curtain-rise and the famousstar's first appearance before a Maysville audience, when they were givena shock and consequently disappointment, the manager appearing before the footlights and announcingthat Miss Scheff would not appear inthe cast, but that her understudy,Miss Virginia Burk, would take thepart of 'Glorianna.' ."The gentleman making the statement explained that Miss Scheff was ,ill at her hotel, the Central, and under the care of a local physician, Dr.Samuels. She was sufferingPREDICTS HIGHER COST OFREADING MATTER.The price of novels will soonsoar. The higher cost of fiction isinevitable, whatever the outcome ofthe printers' vacation, according toNew York publishers. If the present difficulties were adjusted on thebasis of the offer of the masterprinters, novels and juveniles wouldbe sold for $2.If the strikers win the price willbe $2.50. If there is a compromisewe shall probably have a $2.25novel. Fiction readers will grumblebut they will pay. New authors willfind it harder to break in when theprice goes up, for it is natural tosuppose that the volume of sales willdiminish and the publishers will beless inclined than formerly to take achance with unknown writers.NEW YORK PRINTERS STILL "ONSTRIKE." 'REV. CURT JETT CONVERTS REFORM SCHOOL BOYS.KENTUCKY MAY BE MECCA FORFILM STARS SOON..Will Kentucky become a stampingground for the moving picture producers? Will the bluegrass regions,the beautiful mountain country, thehills, the valleys, become the picturesque' backgrounds for pretty filmromances or dashing melodramas?This seems more than probablejudging by the increasing number ofstories that are being written for thescreen with good old Kentucky asthe locale. It will be recalled thatseveral of D. W. Griffith's most recent productions were laid in Kentucky , where this master producerspent his boyhood. .Other directorsof Paramount - Artcraft picuresseem to have a decided liking forKentucky as a setting for their filmcreations.And,-perhaps, Kentucky's fame asthe home of beauteous maidens mayhavp much to do with this movement for what director would overlook the possibilities of having his"extras" picked from the beauties ofa State famous for its fair folk?Thomas H. Ince, one of the Para-mount-Artcraftdirectors of fame,has staged many stories with theBlue Grass State as a background,but has duplicated Kentucky sceneryout West. He knows Kentucky well,having spent much time in this Statewhile a resident of Cincinnati, Ohio.Many of his Kentucky friends haveurged him to send a producing company into this State to take pictureso trnTrmrtalize the State on thescreen. xBillie Burke, one of the Para-mount-Artcraftpopular stars, isknown to be a strong admirer of theBlue Grass State and has nevermissed '"an- opportunity to motorthrough the l country hereaboutswhile playing at Kentucky theatres.Vivian Martin, Dorothy Gish, Marguerite Clark, Elsie Ferguson andothers of the Artcraft-Paramountstudios would look mighty good inpictures with a section" of the bluep.nnntv behind tnemApproximately seventy-five boys,inmates of the State Reform School,Greendale, near Lexington, led toexpress a desire to join churchfrom through the preaching of Curt Jett,laryngitis, he said, having caught a , are to be' baptized Sunday.severe cold Monday when she visited The former feudist, who knowstho ?ra.v of hftr husband. John Fox ' best how to reacn tne nearts or tnesev.w q.m.. r , mJr., who is buried in the Paris cemetery. It had been raining and MissScheff got her feet wet, or words tothat effect. The manager tried hardto convince the large audience thatthe star was just as much disappointed in not being able to appearas the patrons were in not seeingher, and that it was all on account ofthat miserable cold. He evidenty anticipated that some would attributeother motives for her non-appearance,so he was careful to hint thatit was not because of one of herwhimsical caprices for which she isnoted."fvboys because he himself served along term in the State Reformatory IBIRTHS.The printers' strike situation ismore complicated than ever in NewYork.New York pressman's union No.51, which previously had decided torejoin its international organization, if permitted to do so in a body,and then return to work, reversedits decision and voted to stay onstrike. Criticism by other "seceding" pressmen is believed to be responsible for the change of attitude.Meanwhile hundreds of pressmen rand feeders who reported for workwere prevented from carrying ontheir trade because of lack of compositors, ' who are on a "vacation."Compositors are said to hold the keyto the situation, and until they return to work little hope is held outfor full resumption of work in thelarger shops of the city.It was stated that twenty moreshops resumed partial operation,making 130 operating in all, but acanvass of the plants showed littleimprovements over conditions.oWON'T FIGHT TOBACCO THAT'SWHAT THEY SAY!Near Shawhan, to the wife ofDavis Rankin, a daughter, theireighth child.oFurthermore, no lady needs silkstockings if only the mice are awareof them.GET READY' FOR "FLUjjMrs. Frances E. Beauchamp, StatePresident of the W. C. T. U., Mrs.Norah B. Taylor, Mrs. J. A. Stuckyand Mrs. B. B. Johns, of Lexington,will attend the Victory Jubilee Con-at Frankfort, for murder, converted j vention of the W. C. T. U. to beIICIU 1U OU UWUio, nuiviuuw j.w t.vmore than sixty of them by one sermon about a month ago, and othershave been added to the list sincethat time. ! fAll will be taken into the churcheswhich they elect on Sunday. Those;20. The program consists ot tainsKeep Your Liver Active, YourSystem Purified and Free FromColds by Taking Calotabs,the Nauseaiess CalomelTablets, that are Delightful, Safe andSure.Physicians and Druggists are advising their friends to keep their sy3tem3purified and their organs in perfectworking order as a protection againstthe return of influenza. They knowthat a clonced up system and a lazy)gram consist ui uwiva ,. fft -nH. "influenza and seriousby speakers of national reputation, nmx:n.znaand of plays, demonstrations anapageants.In regard to whether an eraaica-who desire to be immersed' will beion crusade against tobacco wouldThe new farm home for the Kentucky Children's Home Society isTiractically assured, according toofficials who are checking up the returns from the schools all over theState, Louisville, Owensboro, and- e i,a nmintips hafc subscribedUHUIJT WL VXXV. . , . 1 .a,ml, fn thP.ir cmota ana it tne re- Charles tay -now ne wuum wAii.VH- r - 1 - ;4-...lrin the small towns oi Aamiun.where he could do all the stunts heis so fond of and which his admirerslike so much!ograssAnd,,? nmmtips that have not sentin returns will complete the amountallotted .to them, the plans for thegroup of farm cottages will beginearly next spring."With the large number of schooldistricts without teachers this fall,we are unable to reach these schoolchildren, consequently it will be necessary for the other schools to go"beyond their quota if we succeed,"George X,. Sehon, the superintendent,said:"Jefferson county was apportioned$55,000, which has. been over subscribed. Unless the other countiesraise their quotas this amount willlie dormant until the shortage canbe made up in some other way,-which will be very difficult, so it isimperative for every county to goover the top. This would enable usin the early spring to preceed withour building plans, which, whencompleted, -will make it possible forus to reach, every child needing ahome and protection."J Q-HKJCITIOHAL BOABD OFFERS ABEWAKU.A, reward of $25 for the arrestnd conviction of any party or par" tie catering or damaging the public sohool buildings of the countywas approved at a recent meeting ofthe Bowbon County Board of EduifckML '.THE BANKER AND THE BONDArkansas bankers have evidencedtheir appreciation of the value ofWar Savings Stamps and the newTreasury Certificates in the mostconvincing manner. Running inmany of the newspapers of Arkansas are a series of attractive advertisements, paid for by the banks,that carry to the general public themessage of the particular bank,coupled with the message from theU. S. Treasury Department showingthe advantages of saving and investing the money thus saved iWar Savings Stamps. There may bea few isolated cases when a bankerfeared, erroneously, that money invested in these "baby bonds" migntdeplete his savings deposits. But theArkansas bankers have a broadervision. They know that if they cani . . i i j Si fVio nnn.cavprR toaia in lnauuug .uc ..--. -save, they are laying the foundationfor future prosperity, and that thestamp savers of'to'-day will be important depositors of to-mrojqw, andthe banker who encourages thriftand safe investment is building forhis own good and the good of thecommunity that he serves. -WHAT COUlTRY GIRLS CAN DO.Our country girl owes somethingto the farm on which she lives. Sheneed not be a "one-talent girl."She may be a help to the less fortunate. She may serve a wholecountryside by upholding knolwedge,culture, character, the principles ofhierh living:, and thus enrich herState.Our moral defenses, we are told,are greater than flags or armies.Good books are moral uplifts. . Agood library where every, volumemay tell its own story, meansknowledge, progress, power. All ofthese belong to our inheritance. Weare entitled to clearn something ofscience, philosophy, literature, thefine arts and the great institutions ofcivilized society. What music alonemeans to a country home has neverbeen estimated.After all, it remains that our firstconcern is what we owe to ourselves.The home may be well arranged,well ordered, the meals as a necessity to health, well balanced. Butthe human body must have constantcare. Proper diet, daily exercise andbathing are great aids to youthand suppleness, comeliness, andhigher usefulness. And still therecome the daily essentials of livingthe care of the nails, the teeth, .thehair and not least, the daily wearingof the gown that truly clothes onein an artistic sense. Just here let us"speed the day" when the many laborsaving conveniences will invadeour country homes that the youngmay have more time for themselves.Of all girls, it seems to me ourgirls of the country should excel inideals. They have the vantageground in fields and hills and woods.They live within the everlastingbeauty of sunsets and stars and sunrisings the finer things that touchour life and swing our souls intoharmony with nature. If mentalgifts are spiritual realities, there arelessons in birds and flowers and forestry as in many wild createdthings.Not that ideals include the ' soleduty of young womanhood. I am onrecord somewhere as advocating thewoman who loves best her home andsurroundings. It is she that blessesher neighborhood; this type of her,whether of the -working or businessclass, that circles toward the home.It is the fine personality of her thatcounts. Poverty does not enslaveher, nor wealth allure her. She hasthe wisdom of the world condensedto a synopsis of every day living.She is optimistic and sweet-tonedand high-souled. She never growsold.NINA HILL ROBINSON,In Southern Agriculturist.brought into one of the Lexingtonchurches which has a baptistry, andthe others will be sprinkled by theRev. Mr. Jett at the School Sundaymorning".oWe believe in telling the truth,but we're strong for the man who iswilling to lie when he knows it willmake the other fellow feel -cheerful.be started at the convention, Mrs.Beauchamp said she thought not.The W. C. T. U., she said, has ananti-narcotic department underwhich come tobacco. If the cigarette continues to increase in use,Mrs. Beauchamp said, it is likelythe anti-tobacco program will be enlarged. Heretofore it has been confined almost entirely to the schoolroom.complications.To cut short a cold overnight and toprevent serious complications take oneCalotab at bedtime with a swallow ofwater that's all. No salts, no nausea,no griping, no sickening after effects.Next morning your cold has vanished,your liver is active, your system is purified and refreshed and you are feelingfine with a hearty appetite for breakfast. Eat what you please no danger.Calotabs ard sold only in, originalsealed packages, price thirty-five cents.Every druggist is authorized to refundvour monev if yon are not perfectlyI delighted with Calotabs. (Adv.)Quality FootwearAt Less Than Factory Cost PricesOur ECONOMY STORE offers you you the opportunity tosupply your fall and winter requirements at a big saving inprice. BUY TOMORROW, Saturday, and benefit by our moneysaving prices.The" reason .more men don!t.succeed- is ' because Hnere are too '-manyof us who want' to -win withouteffort.' .- ,- 'See the Most Beautiful Fall ModelsWe are Offering at Economy Prices$7.50 and $8.00 Ladies' Dark Brownand Glazed Black Kid BeautifulLace BootsNarrow style vamps in high heels; also in English styles,military heels, on sale at$5.99x WGz!lk.Vcj$7.00 Ladies' Dark Tan LaceBoots, high hsels, dark brownand glazed kid boots in English styles. Cloth and leathertops.On sale at $4.99$3.50 Ladies' and GrowingGirls' English Lace Boots inblack kid and gun metalleathers. Also a special lotgray boots.On sale at $3.99$5.00 Ladies' and GrowGirls' Gun Metal EnglishLace Boots, low heels.On sale at $3.49Men's Fall Boots, English andsoft vici kid, wide toelasts. $7.00 values.On sale at $4.99Men's $5.50 Gun Mtal English Shoes on sale at $3.99$4:00 Men Tan . and BlackCalf Work Shoes on saleat ..'.. .$2.99Boys' and Youths' $5.00 extragood Dress and School ShoesOn sale at $3.49Boys' and Youths' $3.00 GunMetal Shoes.On sale at $1.99Misses' $3.50 School Shoes inin gun metal, lace and button. On sale at $2.49High Top Boots for Boys andGirls at a xGreat SavingDAN COHEN- Where Beauty and Economy ReignParis'; Greatest Shoe StoreWSrxt&J1S$Af?,r-eN ..k7'.