' s?"iffc"i"w- - ?T.-Va;J- .VTHE-NEWS"TKPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.-'VOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, AUGUST 19, 1919Zr-?rrs&rBOURBONARTILLERY DETACHMENT VISITSPARIS ON RECRUITINGSERVICEIn charge of Capt. John Townsend,Jr., a detachment of six officers andfifty men, with their full artilleryequipment, arrived in Paris, Saturday afternoon, to remain three dayson a recruiting expedition. The detachment has been making a tour oTthe Central Kentucky counties onthe same mission, and has been verysuccessful in securing enlistments fortheir branch of the service.The men, under command of theirofficers, marched to the county rockquarry, in- East Paris, where theypitched their tents for the three-days'stay. They were unable to give a program of exercises on Saturday afternoon on account of the rain, whichmade the ground sloppy and unfit forthe purpose. On 'Sunday afternoon,in the presence of a large crowd ofvisitors the men gave an exhibitionof artillery maneuvers and drills, together with handling and firing the75 millimeter guns, two of whichform part of their armament. Theguns were loaded and fired with precision, affording the visitors a goodidea of what their work must havebeen in action.The guns were parked on the courthouse square yesterday in charge of adetail who showed their workings tolarge numbers of visitors throughoutthe day. They will remain there during the three days of the detachment's visit, where they will be openfor inspection at all times.A delegation of twenty-five members of P. I. McCarthy Council,Knights of Columbus, of this city visited the camp Sunday afternoon, andpresented the artillerymen with cigarettes and chocolates, and on Sunday night sent them a five-gallonfreezer of ice-cream. They also extended the men a cordial invitationto visit their club rooms, make themselves at home and take advantageof the club privileges.The object of the detachment'svisit here is to stimulate interest inenlistments in the artillery branch ofthe service, which is open to allyoung men of good character whopossess the physical requirements.As a special inducement for enlistment those who enlist in the servicefrom Paris will be taken over theremaining recruiting route, whichincludes Cynthiana, Carlisle, Maysville and other Northern Kentuckytown.The members of the detachmentgave another exhibition drill on thecamp grounds yesterday afternoon,when they went through all themaneuvers used in the regular warfare ond put the guns through theirpaces. A sham battle in whichtwenty-five members to a side wereengaged, was also staged for thebenefit of the visitors to the camp.Yesterday morning two membersof the artillery staged an interestingbout with gloves that had not beenincluded in the regular program.One of the men with a grievanceagainst another concluded to settlethe matter with boxing gloves. .Theyrepaired to a convenient place forthe purpose, where, in the presenceof a number of spectators they putup a fine exhibition of the manly art.The aggressor in the affair was thesufferer to the extent of getting arnnri tn?te nf the nrowess of his adversary and his skill and science with jthe gloves, an exercise which is encouraged by Uncle Sam as a means ofphysical development for the boys.AT THE PARIS GRAND AND THEALAMO THEATRE.To-day, Tuesday, August 19.Shirley Mason, in "Fnal Close Up;"Antonio Moreno and Carol Holloway,in "Perils of Thunder Mountain;"Lloyd Comedy, "Swat The Crook."Tomorrow, Wednesday, August 20Marguerite Clarke, in "Come Outof The Kitchen;" Big V Comedy,"Flips and Flops;" Bray Pictogroph.Thursday, August 21 Ladies DayTwo ladies admitted for one paidadmission plus war tax Norma Talmadge, in "The Way of A Woman;"Vod-a-Vil Movies; Pathe Review.Beginning Monday, and all week,afternoon and night The VenitianSerenaders, Playing and Singing Orchestra. oHOME GROWN MELONS COMINGTO MARKET.Two of the most toothsome ofearth's products, home-grown watermelons and canteloupes,. are makingtheir welcome appearance on themarket in large quantities. Twolarge automobile trucks loaded withfreshly-plucked, juicy canteloupes,were sold out in a short time on thecourt house square Saturday at pricesranging from 10 cents up to 50 cents Ifor choice. Watermelons, rlch,red andripe, have been selling for fifty centsto seventy-five cents each, crowdingout of the market their importedcompetitors, which have been retailing at one dollar and $1.50 each forsome time. The demand for thehome-grown naelons far exceeds thepresent suuply. -MAKING UEE MISERABLE FORPOOD PROFITEERS !BOSTON, Aug. 18. United StatesDeputy Marshal Bancroft accompanied by two agents ot the Department of Justice, seized 16,588 hags otwheat flour from the storehouse othe Market Warehouse Company iaSouth Boston.WASHINGTON, Aug.- 18. Zonepostal rates, insofar as they wouldapply to shipments of surplus armyfood sale of which begins Monday,were, in effect, suspended by thePostoffice Department.WASHINGTON,, Aug. 18. Generalincreases of about 80 per cent, in thecost of living during the period fromDecember, 1914, to June, 1919, wereshown in tables made public by theDepartment of Labor.The tables were based on investigations in various representativecities over the country. In everyinstance, greatest increases were recorded in the prices of clothing andhouse furnishings.NEW YORK, Aug. 18sugarshortage in this country soon will berelieved, according to the UnitedStates Sugar Equalization Board,which announced that it had morethan 100 ships engaged in bringingsugar from Cuba. Some of the shipsalready have arrived, others are expected soon and about 50 are loadingin Cuban ports.Detroit, Aug. 18. Second raid onfood supplies stored in the DetroitRefrigerating Company's plant here,agents of the Department of Justiceseized 7,40,000 eggs and approximately 300,000 pounds of butter.ST. LOUIS, Aug. 18. Seizure of40,026 cases of eggs, 16,569,360eggsin all, held for seven owners of theMound City Ice and Cold StorageCompany, was made here on a libelwarrant by the United States District Attorney. The names of theholders of the eggs were not announced. DETROIT, MICH., Aug. 18. A libelwas filed here under the Lever Actfor the seizure of nearly 10,000,000eggs held in storage by the RockIsland Butter .Company and A.. P.Thebodeau & -Company, Detroit JUnited States District AttorneyKinnane announced.SAN DIEGO, CAL., Aug. 18.Seizing of food stocks held in coldstorage was commenced here by Deduty United States Marshal W. C.Carse under libel warrants issuedby the Federal Court in Los Angeles.LIGHTNING'S CAPERSA large straw stack on the farmof Mr. Lou Taylor, near Paris, wasstruck by lightning during a recentstorm and destroyed by the resultingflames. On a neighboring farmthree cows, which had taken shelterunder a tree, were killed when thetree was struck by lightning.During a rain and electrical stormwhich passed over the county Saturday afternoon the tobacco, stockand feed barn of Jonathan Burris,near Little Rock, was struck bylightning and destroyed. The barnwas partly covered by insurance.The contents, consisting of twothousand bushels of grass seed worth$1.60 a bushel, and fifteen tons ofbaled alfalfa were not insured andwere lost.The rain was general over thecounty, according to telephone reports, and revived vagetation andcrops suffering greatly fiom the effects of the drouth.At Carlisle a horse belonging toRobert Storey, and a valuable marebelonging to Charles Linville, werestruck by lightning and killed duringthe storm of Saturday. The lightning struck a telephone wire leadinginto the home of Mr. Linvlile, torethe telephone from the wall andotherwise damaged the room.oFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan. 0ATTENTION, W. C. T. U.So many English women have become confirmed smokers that in recent months railway employes havehesitated to enforce the rules againstsmoking in certain carriages and ithas come to be accepted that if thewomen .passengers do not object every compartment becomes a "smoking car.". oHIGH PRICES FOR CORNTwelve dollars per barrel. for cornin wagonload lots was a price recently obtained on the local market.One four-horse-wagonload of therereal brouerht S141. Corn sold for$1.00 per bushel twenty-five yearsago, and in that fall was delivered tocommission merchants at seventyfive cents per barrel. ,PATROLMAN JUDY CATCHES COL-ORED SNEAK THIEF.It's getting to be a hard matter foroffenders against the laws to getaway from the Paris police. Thisfact is now brought vividly to theattention of Gilbert Huffman, colored, who some time ago, made awaywith the sum of $80 belonging toLogan Ayers, also colored.Huffman had been engaged as abushelman by Ayers, who conducts aclothes cleaning establishment in thesecond story of the building occupied as a barber shop by his father,John Ayers. Logan Ayers wentwent home one night, carelessly leaving the sum of $80 in currency in -apocket of the trousers he had justchanged. When he returned in ahurry to get the money it had disappeared. So had Huffman. PatrolmanJudy was detailed on the case and located Huffman in the vicinity of theTenth street passenger station of theLouisville & Nashville. Huffman hadbought a ticket for Cincinnati andwas waiting for the train. SeeingPatrolman Judy he made a dash forlihfirtv. mnkinf frnnr Tiic ocnono, tnrough a cornfieldYesterday Patrolman Judy received a tip that Huffman had returnedto Paris. Going to the Huffmanhome he asked for the boy. Being"told that he was not in the house,the officer determined to see for himself. Sounds in the attic of the houseled him in that direction. Suspectingthat his man had taken refuge therehe called for him to come down.There being no response, PatrolmanJudy fired a shot through the ceiling,which had the effect of bringingHuffman down in a hurry. He confessed to taking the money, and wastaken to the county jail to await histrial.JACKSON MAN WINS IN THIRDDISTRICT.By a majority of 326 votes E. C.Kash, of Jackson, won the Republican nomination for Railroad Commissioner in the Third district, of whichBourbon county is a part, accordingto complete returns which havereached the office of Secretary ofState Lewis. Kash received 12,641votes, J. B. Eversole, of.Iazafd, 12,605r and Clay Cisco, of Mt. Sterling;1,248. Cisco had withdrawn fromthe race, but received a large complimentary vote.The nomination in thisrace isequivalent to an election as the Dem-ocrats failed to put up a candidatefor Railroad Commissioner in the dis-trict.WE KNOW HW1SATISFACTION INCLOTHESCan Only Be Had When You BuyYour Clothing From a DependableStore.The suits we sell are tailored and made by the best tailors.Style, Workmanshipand Qualityare to be found in SteinClothes, whether for theaged man.We can show you a vast assortment of colors andstyles, and if you want service and satisfaction let yourclothing come from our store.Summer Coatsand Trousersin Wool Crashes, Mohairs, Palm ,Beach and Kool Kloth$18 to $40 'MITCHELL &Stetson HatsManhattan ShirtsSTATE ELECTION B0ARJ) ISSUESNOMINATION CERTIFICATESThe-BoaYd of Election Commissioners met , at Frankfort, Saturday, andelected T. w. Pennington, Democrat,secretary. Certificates of nominationwere given to W. H. Shanks, Lieut.Governor; Mat S. Cohen, Secretary ofState; John A. Goodman, Clerk of theCourt of Appeals, and Frank Burns.Railroad Commissioner in the Thirddistrict.Nomination certificates were withheld from the following candidatesbecause they "failed to file their postelection expense accounts with theboard; James D. Black, Governor;Frank E. Daugherty, Attorney General; L. E. Foster, Superintendent ofPjiblic Instruction; H. M. Bosworth,Auditor; John W. Newman, Commissioner of Agriculture.The commitee will meet againAjUgust 28 to select County ElectionCommissioners for the Novemberelection and to give certificates ofnomination to other candidates provided they have filed their expenseaccounts by that time.i --o"DOKEY'S TO VISIT PARIS.About forty members of the Lexington "Dokeys" lodge, a side degreeof- the Knights of Pythias, will visitRathbone Lodge, K. of P., in thiscity Thursday night. The visit wasscheduled for several days ago, butcircumstances prevented the "Dokeys" coming.' An interesting sessionis promised all who attend.The Knights of Pythias campaignto' raise $100,000 for the endowmentof the Pythian Widows' and Orphans'Home has been started. The quotaof Rathbone Lodge No. 12, of Paris,hiis been placed at $2,860. Everymember of the order is expected tomake a pledge to this cause, to bepaid in four semi-annual payments.oCOMPLETE LINE OFWOOLENS.ENGLISHEnglish woolens are scarce. Yetdispite this difficulty we ,are able toshow a most complete line and urgean early selection.J. W. DAVIS & CO.oSTATE HAS MORE COWSKentucky has more cows and produces more dairy products than shedid a few years ago. The records atthe Experiment Station show that, three hundred and sixty persons havetaken out licenses to test milk andcream at skimming and receiving'stations scattered over the State.- Blochand Michaelyoung man or theSternsmiddleBLAKEMORENettleton ShoasDr. Reed's Cushion Sole ShoesSTATE POOD COMMISSION SUBJUTS RECOMMENDATIONAt a meetine held in T.nin.-niaFriday, the State food commissionersappointed by Governor Black recommended regulation of packing housesand storage plants; the keeping ofperishable foods in cold storage fornot more than three months; the appointment of a fair price committeein every county in Kentucky tobring any evidence they may obtainof violations into Federal court, andthe widest publicity on price- lists.Federal procedures against personsand firms accused of having violatedthe food control law were institutedwhen five men were taken into custody by agents of the Departmentof Justice on warrants issued byUnited States District Attorney PerryB. Miller.Those taken into custody are Howell Thomas, Louisville manager forArmour & Company; August Boldt,Louisville manager of the BoothFisheries Company; Henry Spatz,butcher, and Guy A. and Harry B.Taylor, of the firm of Taylor Bros.,fish dealers.Thomas, the Armour manager, wastaken into custody while appearingas a speaker at a session of the Kentucky Food Commission, where hehad just made an address pledgingco-operation in bringing about a reduction of prices.By affidavits that accompanied thewarrants for the Armour manager, itis charged that 11,400 pig ears, 180pounds of pork loins and 145 poundsof spare ribs were permitted to deteriorate and be wasted. Other affidavits charge the fish companies withwastage of 30,000 pounds of fish.Spatz is charged with allowing 5,213 pounds of veal to become unfitfor consumption.-o-GOVERNMENT FORCING POODPRICES DOWNWARD.The campaign being waged by theFederal government to lower thecost of living is a most energetic one,and one that is likely to secure lasting and startling results. The peopleof each community will help the government if material aid is .to be expected. The newspapers tell of the conviction of a grocer in the East with afine of $500 for selling sugar at fifteen cents a pound. If the people inthat town fail to look sharp the convicted grocer will get it back alongsome other line. The publication ofwholesale prices will do much tofocus attention upon the profits ofthe retailers. The government intends to use a license system forwholesalers, limiting the profit perunit. If the citizens generally willremain alert, report hoarding andnote the prices they are charged,much can be accomplished.There has been little or no profiteering here, as far as THE NEWShas been able to ascertain, but itwill be well for our people to be onthe lookout and ready to report anyinstance of such, so that the mattermay be reported to the proper authorities. oKNIGHTS ENTERTAIN THE LITTLEJOHN COMPANY.A. J. Lovely Company No. 31, Uniform Rank Knights of Pythias, werehosts Sunday night at an informaldinner given to the .members of theLittlejohn Carnival Co., which played a week's engagement here underthe auspices of the Knights.The tables were spread in one ofthe big tents on the carnival groundsand about one hundred guests satdown to an appetizing luncheon prepared under the supervision of W. W.Dudley, Captain of the A. J. LovelyCo., and ladies of the order. Shorttalks were made by several membersof the order and by those of the Carnival Company, and when the command, "Fall to!" was given theguests did so with a right heartygood will, disposing of the viandsin short order. The event was onegreatly enjoyed by all.The Littlejohn Company remainedover in Paris yesterday and gave ashow on the grounds last night.Their engagement was a successfulone in every respect.oPARIS HEN HELPS TO REDUCEH. C. OP L.Mrs. Henry Grosche, of Paris, isthe proud possessor of a hen whichshe declares is doing her utmost toreduce the high cost of living. Mrs.Grosche bought a young pullet someweeks ago, intending to have it killed and served for dinner that day.The bird was of the Plymouth Rockvariety and was very plump.Mrs. Grosche tied the fowl to astake in the yard. Before night thechicken had deposited one egg toher credit. Mrs. Grosche thoughti this entitled the hen to a stay of ex-jecution, and refrained from havingher killed. Since that day the henI has laid an egg each day, making arecord of 98 eggs in ninety-eightand istill in the producing business.NOTES OP HAPPENINGS AT THE .LOCAL Y. M. C. A.On Friday night the Boy Scoutsand the contestants in the recentswimming meet met for awarding ofthe ribbons and to close up the business matter preparatory to the coming of the new secretaries. The tjoyvoted to make the Swimming Meetsannual events and appointed a committee of boys to assist next year.This being the last meeting in whichMr. Smith would be their leader theboys had arranged a "surprise" forhim. The ceremony included ashort talk by Mr. Wilcox, who urged "the boys to contest with their bestefforts, both in their sports and la"Life's Swim'and Nobert Friedman,representing the boys, made a happylittle speech, telling in a boy's wayhow much they thought of hint andthe things he had brought to them.He then offered him a "package"containing a very fine purse and cardcase. Mr. Smith was surprised, butmade the right response and thameeting closed with strong cheers forhim.Mr. Smith and family left this Tmorning for Dayton, Ohio, to spend - -;a two-weeks' vacation, from which he - -willreturn to take up his duties asAthletic Director and Teacher with,the M. M. I. at Millersburg.Mr. Chas. B. Harrison, the newGeneral Secretary, arrived in townyesterday, and will immediately takeup the work of familiarizing himselfwith the Association management.The Board is pleased to have secureda man with his training and experience, especially in the physical sideof the Y. M. C. A. Mr. Harrison isa native of Kentucky, Lebanon being his birthplace. He is a graduateof Oberlin College, Ohio, also of theY. M. C. A. Training College at Chi- -cago. He has served the Ashland Y.M. C. A. and been in charge of thePhysical Work in the Associations atFargo, N. D., and St. Joseph, Mo.He comes to the Bourbon County Y.M. C. A. from the Army Y. M. C. A.at Camp Zachary Taylor. At all ofthe.se places he has done excellentwork, for which he has receivedmuch commendation. Because of hisrecommendations and his fitness todo a type of work that will meet theneeds of Bourbon county the Association, is looking Jtooraxd. to a atjron -aggressive program.' The Directorsbespeak the hearty interest in Mr.Harrison and are counting on hishaving those courtesies which willmake him feel at home in his newlocation. Mrs. Harrison and" their lit-tie daughter will come to Paris sometime in September. The Associationhas also signed up another secretarywho will take Mr. Smith's place asBoys' Secretary. This is Corporal M. (M. Sheffield, who has just returnedfrom overseas. Mr. Sheffield is ayoung man, graduating from theCedar Rapids, Iowa, College, just previous to his going into the army.He is a brother of Mr. W. W. Schef- " lfield, the General Secretary of theFrankfort Y. M. C. A., is strong inhis athletic and coaching work andhas had some training in Y. M. CA. physical work. He is attendingthe summer school of the Y. M. C. A.and will take up his duties at theParjs building on September 1st.oBOURBON HORSEMEN PREPAR-ING POR PALL EXHIBITIONSMr. Allie G. Jones, of North Middletown, is preparing a good stable ofsaddle horses, made up principally ofyoungsters, which will be shown atthe most prominent fairs in this section this fall. The oldest and bestknown member of his stable is the-six-year-oldchestnut mare, LadyBeautiful, owned by Burton B. Castles, of New York. She is said to be- .one of the finest and best saddlemares that has appeared this season.She is closely related to the celebrated Hazel Dawn.Another Bourbon county man whowill likely get in to the show horsegame again this season is Capt. Wm.Collins, of North Middletown. He hasa very fine suckling colt by AdmiralKing, out of a daughter of Roosevelt,second dam Marybelle C, by Bourbon King. This colt is closely inbred to Bourbon King, while IndianPrincess and the dam of Rooseveltare the two mares that put Messrs.Collins and Redmon in the saddlehorse business.oWILSON VETOES BILL TO REPEALDAYLIGHT SAVING.President Wilson has vetoed thebill repealing the daylight savinglaw.The President said he returned the .bill without his approval with "the -.utmost reluctance," because he realized "the very considerable, and insome respects, the serious inconven- -iencesto which the 'daylight saving - .law subjects the farmers of the - "country." " 'Declaring the pressing need of thecountry was for production by industry, the President said he hadbeen obliged to "balance one set of j.tTdisadvantages against another and.' "decide which was the more serious- -for the country." , ' ' 'tV J' v-""" THE BOURBON HEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, AUGUST 19, 1919TAGE TWOIHE BOUN NEWSEitablished 188137 Years of Comtinuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayPer Year. .$2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Adavance.gWIET CHAMP. Editor and Owner.pfcitered at the Paris, Kentucky,Poatofflce as Mail Matter of theBaoond Class.)Any erroneous reflection upon theCharacter, standing or reputation ofmy person, firm or corporation whichJay appear in the columns of THEBOTRBON NEWS will be gladly corrected if brought to attention of thecitor.'OUR FOREIGN REPRESENTATIVES. Sew York American Press Association. Chicago Lord & Thomas.Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atlahta Massengale Adv. Agency.Cincinnati Blaine-Thompson Co.Louisville Stark-Lowman Co.ADVERTISING RATES2)isplay Advertisempnts, $1.00 perlach for first time; 50 cents per inchaach subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineacmv issue; reading notices in blackfiype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertiserants and yearly contracts.The right of publisher Is reseived&o decline any advertisement or otherQs&tter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.'l DEMOCRATIC TICKET."For Governor:1 James D. Black. ;2T6r Lieutenant Governor:W. Hv Shanks.For Secretary of State :, Mat'S. Cohen.For Auditor of Public Accounts :Henry M. Bosworth.( For Attorney General:Frank E. Daugherty.For Clerk of the Court of Appeals:Joan A. Goodman.Fot Superintendent of Public Instruction :L. E. "Foster.Bbr Commissioner of Agriculture :Johh'.Wvv' Newman.' Far- Representative :James H. Thompson.FOR C0UNCILMENFirst Ward:J. H. MorelandN. F. Brent, JohnJoWilUams,,Second-Ward::Edward-Burke;."Hugh Srent.Catesby Spears. -.Third" Ward:George Doyle.EDITORIAL MUSINGS.Let's -Have the Truth.Possibly before the year is outthere will be important contributionsto the story of the causes that led upto the declaration of war in 1914. Itis of the greatest value to the people of every nation that these additions to the sum of knowledge bemade. The very recent and quite remarkable open letter of Prince Henryof Prussia, to his cousin, KingGeorge, of England, furnishes an instance in point.Angered to the core by the proposed trial of his brother, the former Emperor, before an internationaltribunal, the Prince hotly suggeststhat other offenders against theworld's peace be placed in the dockand be compelled to front the evidence taken from the old chancelleries which relates to the preparations of the conflict.In warning to the English Sovereign he utters the reminder of theaneetings held in Balmoral Castle-with Sazonoff, the Russian Ministerf Foreign Affairs, in 1912, at whichthere were discussions of the war andthe fate of the German merchant marine. If it is true that the Germandiplomats secured at JPetrograd andMoscow, at the' time of the overthrowof the Czar, the secrets of the Russian intrigues with other friendlynations for advantage, it is quite possible that the Prussian Prince is inposition to make some disclosuresthat will not sit agreeably on thestomachs of mankind in general.No matter what the results maybe, it is to the interest of the humanrace to have these dark secrets ofdiplomacy ventilated. It withstoodthe material effects of the war, andis surely strong enough to receivewithout injury the facts concerningthe bringing on of that mightystruggle.The Country Town Belongs to theCountry.The country town is a part of thecountry. It is one of the encouraging signs of the times that countrytown business men are coming to realize this. It has not been so longago that every little town thoughtthat its business was to grow into acity just as soon as possible. Sometown and many town people stillthink so. Many small town people,too, still think that their chief relations and interests are with the citiesrather than the country. The mostfar-seeing business men have come toknow better. They are seeing moreand more clearly that the town, thesmall city, is an integral part of thecountry, that it prospers only as thecountry prospers, and that it is itsplace in the scheme of things to bethe life center of the country aboutit. The town merchant who opposesco-operative buying of selling by thefarmers of his territory, the townbanker who would hinder the establishment of farm loan associations inhis county, the town editor who neglects the interests of the back-countrydistricts, and becoming more andmore out of date. Best of all, townfolks are coming to see that they areout of date. Not until the countryand the country town learn that theyare yoke-fellows and must pull together before either can make theprogress it should. And both arelearning.Coal Users, Play Safe!"Buy coal now!" is the serious advice of those in a position to knowthe present and future state of themarket. No mistake can be made byplaying safe and filling the home cellars and the factory bins.Lack of railroad equipment, theemigration to Europe of hundreds ofthousands of miners and other laborers in the American coal fields,the larger demand because of the rehabilitation of industries, and otherfactories made certain the shrinkage of the supply of coal this winter.Last winter was an exceptionallymild one, and it is indeed a hazardto think that 'the coming winter willbe a repetition, and there was noplethora of coal a year ago. Evenshould the supply be beyond expectation we are assured by experts thatthere will be no reduction of pricefour months hence. It is the part ofwisdom to lay in a supply of coalnow.JOHN FOX, JR., LEFT NEW NOVELUNFINISHED.John Fox, Jr., the famous writerof mountain novels, left a new novelonly lacking the final chapter, according to his brother, Horace Fox,who arrived in Asheville, N. C, lastweek to testify in a case before theUnited States district court.Mr. Fox stated that the book isnow in the publishers' hands andthat they will select some writer towrite the unfinished chapter, whichhad been sketched by the late writerbefore his death. The brother of thefamous author says that John Fox,Jr., suffered last fall from Influenzaand that he had apparently recovered when he was stricken withdouble pneumonia and died suddenly.The famous novelist was well knownIn Asheville, having been a frequentvisitor there.PARIS TESTIMONYHome Proof, Here, There and Everywhere. When you see Doan's Kidney Pillsrecommended in this paper you mostalways find the recommender a Parisresident. It's the same everywherein 3,800 towns in the U. S. Fiftythousand people publicly thank Doan's. What other kidney remedy cangive this proof of merit, honesty andtruth? Home testimony must betrue or it could not be published here.Read this Paris recommendation.Then insist on having Doan's. Youwill know what you are gettingPhillip M. Heller, prop, meat market, 722 Main street, says: "I haveused Doan's Kidney Pills a few timesin the past and have been greatlybenefited by them. At times my backwas weak and lame and the kidneysecretions passed too frequently,making me get up often at night. Ihave used a box of Doan's KidneyPills at those times and they havealways rid me of the complaint. Ithink they are a splendid medicineand gladly recommend them."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Heller had. Foster-Milburn Co..Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)o .The trouble with many conventions is that they resolve and thendissolve.CITY COUNCIL PROCCEDINGS. jThe Improvement Committee, CityJT ! J "1C4-.. AnvnaTr iffava Irjiigmeer aim v-iujr aiivj.jjv;j nwv -strueted by the Paris City Councilin its regular bi-monthly meeting.rnursaay nignu to araxt au urumauveto submit a bond issue for an addition to the sewerage system of thecity and to report at the next meeting. There has been a strong demandamong residents in the surburbs forseveral years for an extension of thesewerage system to their neighborhoods and it was in just considerationof their needs that, the Council votedto submit this issue 'to the-public.The final draft will be offered theCouncil on Thursday, August 28, andit is expected that? the issue will beplaced befoie the people, in the earlyfall. If it passes, ,th'e sewer construction, under the supervision ' of theCity Engineer, will be started in thenear future.The Council was unusually activeThursday' and passed 'a number ofbills which had been deferred forseveral weeks. In fact it was saidby many to have been the busiestsession conducted for many months.A bill was introduced by Councilman Merringer to give the City Attorney proper authority to collectpledges made by the property ownersabutting Duncan Avenue for the laying of that street with Kentucky Asphalt. Some of' the pledges, it wassaid, had never been paid. Themeasure was passed.As a result of a recent act of theCouncil the police, firemen and themnerintendent of street cleaningwill now be paid twice a month.Heretofore they had received thepay in monthly installments.Police Judge Ernest Martin made'is report for the month of July andthe report showed that the amount offines imposed in his court was $144and that the total collected wasU40.50.Mr. Ralph Fields, of Lexington,was employed to act as speed trafficofficer and he has been vested withthe full authority of a member ofpolice force. He had been temporarily appointed by the EmergencyCommittee when a number ot protests on automobile speeding fromcitizens of the city had been filedwith Mayor January. The councildeemed that his work was satisfactory and that a permanent trafficofficer was needed on the policeforce.The Improvement Committee wasauthorized to purchase a car of roadoil to give the street surface a coating. As soon as the purchase hasarrived the work of spreading the oilwill begin. The Committee was alsoinstructed to investigate what wouldbe the cost of a storage tank, inwhich to hold a reserve supply of oil.They will report at the next meeting.It was moved that the bond ofBurks & Co., of Louisville, whichfirm was awarded the contract forthe construction of the concretestrets, be accepted. The measurewas passed and the work on thestreet will begin immediately.Chief of Fire Police Swift McGold.rick was given permission to attendthe convention of the National Firemen, which will be held in Louis-Jville, September 10-12. Firemenfrom all over the United States willattend this meeting and modern ideason the prevention of and fightingfires will be discussed. The city ofParis will pay Mr. McGoldrick's expense while attending the convention. BEWARE THE AFTERMATHThe people of the United States arerapidly coming to realize that theworld's need for saving and economydid not end with the war. This continued necessity for thrift is vigorously presented and emphasized in apamphlet written by R. H. Brand, aBritish economist, and published bythe British National War SavingsCommittee. In this pamphlet, called"The Financial and Economic Future," Mr. Brand calls attention- tothe fictitious character of the apparent prosperity brought about by thewar, and warns against the fallaciousappearances of war time progress."We have been enjoying the temporary prosperity of a spendthriftspeeding toward bankruptcy," hesays, "We have been living easy because we have been living on ourcapital. When we come to live onour income and not on our capitalwe shall find that the hard lessons ofthe past apply also to our own days,and that nations as well as individuals, can make good only by workand saving."The burdens of saving to put theworld on a safe financial and economic basis, Mr. Brand declares,must be shared according to the ability of individuals to bear them, andthe greatest sacrifices measured atany rate in worldly wealth must bemade by the rich.The United States Government anticiptated this situation and inaugurated a National Thirft Campaignduring the war by placing ThriftStamps and War Savings Stamps before the public. These securitiesserve a dual purpose give the Go-eminent money for the reconstruc-tion period and erect a foundationfor individual prosperity.U. S.TIRE MEN CAREFULLYTRAINED.A conference of the service men ofthe United States Tire Company washeld recently at the company's Hartfor factory. The gathering includedmen from every States. The servicemen from that part of the company'sstaff which advises the consumer ofthe best means of getting the mostmiles out of his tires. The conference was to acquaint the servicemen fully with the leatest devolpments in tire manufacture and thebest means of avoiding tire trouble.oThe idler and the slacker are ofno use in this world to-day.KENTUCKY SCHOOL PUPILS PLANBIG THRIFT CAMPAIGNrFoundation for a wonderful campaign that will carry the message ofthrift into every home in Kentuckyis being laid by the War Savings Organization, under the direction ofJames B. Brown, of Louisville, whowas appointed State Director for theBlue Grass State by Federal DirectorL. A. Wilson, of the Eighth FederalReserve District.The school is the instrumentchosen through which to drive homethe lessons of saving. During thevacation period the teachers institutes are held in every county. Eachone of these institutes is attended byA. J. Jolly, in charge of the educational work in Kentucky, or one ofhis assistants, and the teachers areenlisted under the banner of Thrift.Teachers are shown the advantages of saving. They are shown thevast advantages offered by the WarSavings Stamp offered by the UnitedStates Government. They are instructed in Thrift Stamp movement,whereby the pupils can invest theirquarters and watch them grow into$5 government bonds. The War Savings Stamps, and the new issue of$100 and $1,000 Treasury Certificates, with identical features of thesmaller War Savings Stamps, are alsodwelt on.In fact, each teacher is instructed,and in nearly every institute inKentucky this summer, every teacherhas signed a pledge card agreeing todevote a certain time to instructionin thrift and to organize a War Savings Society in his room when "bookstake up" early in September.Mr. Jolly in a recent visit to headquarters at St. Louis, said the responses of the Kentucky teachershad exceeded expectations and hewas satisfied that more money wouldbe saved by pupils during the nextscholistic year than any other year inthe history of Kentucky.The demand for cents, however, isdue to the war tax and not to thriftor the increasing number of children.Quick Deliveries ByTRACTION EXPRESSKy. Traction & TerminalCo.NOTICE!TrrTO THE VOTERS OF BOURBONCOUNTY, KY.: -VlPursuant to an order of the Bourbon County Fiscal Court, and to Section 1407a, Kentucky Statutes,notice is hereby given to the votersof Bourbon county, Ky., that JohnT. Collins, Catesby Spears, Sam Clayand Sam Houston, have been appointed by the Bourbon County FiscalCourt, Commissioners for the purposeof handling and expending the proceeds of bonds, in the event the$500,000.00 bond issue, which i3 tobe voted on September 6, 1919, isapproved and carried by the voters ofBourbon County.PEARCE PATON.Clerk Bourbon County Fiscal Court,(td)Notice of ElectionTO THE VOTERS OFCOUNTY.BOURBONNotice is hereby given that pursuant to an order of the Bourbon County Fiscal Court, entered July 3rd,1919, an election will be held and apoll will be taken at each and all ofthe voting places in Bourbon County,Kentucky, on the 6th day of September, 1919, between the hours of sixo'clock a. m. and four o'clock p. m.,for the purpose of taking the senseof the legal voters of Bourbon County, Kentucky, who are qualified tovote upon the following proposition:"Are You For a Property Tax ofTwenty Cents on Each One HundredDollars Worth of Property in theCounty to be Levied Each Year forTen Years for the Purpose of Improving or Constructing, Either orBoth, Roads and Bridges of theCounty?"W. a. MuCLINTOCK,Sheriff of Bourbon County.(aug8-td)Notice of ElectionTOTHE VOTERS OFCOUNTY.BOURBONNotice is hereby given that pursuant to an order of the Bourbon County Court, entered July 7, 1919, anelection will be held and a poll willbe taken at each and all of the votingplaces in Bourbon County, Kentucky,on the 6th day of September, 1919,between the hours of six o'clock a.m. and four o'clock p. m., for thepurpose of taking the sense of thelegal voters of Bourbon County,Kentucky, who are qualified to vote,upon the following proposition:"Are you in favor of issuing FiveHundred Thousand Dollars in Bondsfor the Purpose of Building Roadsand Bridges??' "W. G. McCLINTOCK,Sheriff of Bourbon County.(aug8-td)NOW WHO SAYS "WILL WONDERSNEVECEASE?!1The State Railroad'Comraission hasentered an order requiring the Iiouis-ville and Nashville 'Railroad Company and the Chesapeake and OhioRailroad Company to build a newpassenger depot at Covington, whichmust be completed by June 1, 1920.The question of a new passengerdepot at Covington has been hangingfire since before the war. Final action on the question was deferred bythe commission because of the highcost of materials and constructionduring the war period.For SaleInternational Harvester Co. HayPress, size 17x22, in good condition.H. M. LEVI,Cynthiana, Ky.(15-3t) Phone, 51-7R.Miss E. D. Giltner,Instruction in Piano, Violin, Harmony and Theory.Term begins Monday, September 8,1919.Studio, 227 Seventh Street, Paris,Ky. E. Tenn. Phone 527.( 15-2 2-2 9-sept.-l)Public Renting ofLand!I will rent my farm of about 421acres of land, situated on the Ruddles Mills pike, 3 miles from Paris,Ky., to the highest bidder in front ofthe Court House, in Paris, Ky., onSaturday, August 30,AT 2:30 P. MImprovements consist of a nicenew cottage of seven rooms, threetenant houses, five barns, good fencing, and good water for all purposes.Call at 812 Pleasant Street, or Cumberland Phone 955, for particulars.G. C. THOMPSON,Paris, Kentucky.M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer.(19-4t) . , jrMaster's Sale!BORBON CIRCUIT COURTArthur L. Veach, Etc.,. . ..PlaintiffVs. Notice of Sale.Mary S. Edwards, Etc. . . . DefendantUnder and by virtue of a judgment and order of sale rendered atthe June, 1919, term of the BourbonCircuit Court, in the above styledaction therein pending, the undersigned Master Commissioner, onMonday, Sept. 1, 1919,at the front door of the Court House,in Paris, Kentucky, at about 11o'clock a. m will sell at public auction to the highest and best bidder,the following described real estate:A certain lot in White's Addition to the City of Paris, being lotNo. 49, shown on the plat of saidAddition, filed in the -BourbonCounty Clerk's office in deed book93, page 249, fronting 60 feet onFithian Avenue and running backof equal width to a 12-feet alley,with the line of lot No. 48, 144feet and with the line of No. 50,144 feet, said lot lying betweenlots Nos. 48 and 50 on said plat.Also a certain lot in White's Addition, being lot No. 50, as shownon said plat fronting 60 feet onFithian Avenue and running backof equal width to a 12-foot alley,with the line of lot No. 49, a distance of 144 feet, and with theline of lot No. 51, a distance of144 feet, said lot lying betweenlots 49 and 51, as shown on saidplat, the above described propertybeing a part of the same propertyconveyed to Wakefield & Moore, byLena Mason Fithian, &c, by deedof date March 25, 1908, and nowof record in Deed Book 93, page247, of the Bourbon County Clerk'soffice, and the same property conveyed to W. A. Veatch by M. H.Wakefield, etc., by deed of dateJune 6, 1908, of record in saidoffice in Deed Book 93, page 266.Said sale will be made upon credits of six and twelve months, forequal parts of the purchase money.the purchaser or purchasers beingrequired to execute their two bondswith good surety, to be approved bythe Master Commissioner, for onehalf of the purchase money each, duesix and twelve months from date ofsale respectively, and bearing interest at the rate of six per cent perannum from date of sale until paid,said bonds to have the force and effect of judgments.The Commissioner will offer saidlots Nos. 49 and 50 separately, andhe will then offer said lots as awhole, and will accept the highestbid for same.O. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner Bourbon Circuit Court. . v(aug 12-19-26) , '.,,-.. --' "Southdown Rams ForSale!I have a few choice Rams for Saleby premium ram.A. S. THOMPSON,.Home Phone 327 (Paris Ex.)(auglo-3t)Southdown Sheep ForSale.I have a select lot of Southdownyearling bucks; also 50 Southdownewes and lambs for sale.J. H. THOMPSON,(12-af) R. F. D. 8, Paris, Ky.Fords For SaleTwo Fords, 1918 Touring Cars, inperfect condition.Trucks and cars for hire. SeeS. R. HUDNALL,At Ruggles Motor Co.,(8-tf) Both Phones.Rawleigh's All Medicine Hog MixtureQuality First; Results Assured.Try 100 pounds. Money refunded ifnot satisfied. Cost one-fifth of a centper average dose.Call Cumberland Phone 487; HomePhone 256, for further information.M. 0. BEDDLE.The Rawleieh Man.(8aug-tf)Master's Sale!BORBON CIRCUIT COURTNoah Spears, Etc PlaintiffVs. Notice of Sale.William Hinton, Etc DefendantUnder and by virtue of a judgmentand order of sale rendered at theJune,1919, term of the Bourbon CircuitCourt, In the above styled actiontherein reading, the undersignedMaster Commissioner, will onMonday, Sept. 1, 1919,at about 11 o'clock a. m., sell at public auction to the highest and bestbidder, the following described property: Beginning at 18, corner to theWilson farm; thence S 46 polesto 19 corner to same; thence N.95 W. 15.92 poles to 20, corner toCurrent farm; thence S. 47 W.129.48 poles to 21, a stone in Westmargin of Silas road; thence alongsame S. 42 E. 72.95 poles to 28,corner to Kate Wornall; thencewith with two of her lines, N.47 E. 55.40 poles S. 32 E. 44.34poles to stake in line of SolomonSpears; thence with his line N.47 E. 164.35 poles to corner inline of Wilson farm; thence N.45 W. 59.11 poles corner tosame; thence N. 44 W. 43.0S polesto the beginning, containing onehundred and twenty-nine (129)acres, three (3) roods and twenty-six(26) poles.Less six (6) acres-which wasconveyed, under orders of thiscourt, in the case of W. H. Clay,Gdn., etc., vs. Noah Spears, etc.,by Emmett M. Dickson, MasterCommissioner, to A. Shire and J.W. Lucas, by deed of record inDeed Book 78, page 102, in theBourbon County Court Clerk'soffice; said 6 acres being a part oftwenty acres conveyed by saiddeed to said parties, fourteen acresof said land being the same landallotted to Kate Wornell in thedivision of the lands of Mrs. Emily Spears, deceased, in the case ofEmily Spears' Admr., etc., vs. Jos.N. Spears, etc., lately pending inthe Bourbon Circuit Court. For amore particular desccription ofsaid six acres cut off from theabove described tract of land, reference is made to the action of W.H. Clay, Gdn., etc., vs. NoahSpears, etc., lately pending in theBourbon Circuit Court, and thecase of Emily Spears' Admr., etc.,vs. Jos. M. Spears, etc., lately pending in the Bourbon Circuit Court.Said sale will be made upon thecredits of six, twelve and eighteenmonths, for equal parts of the purchase money, the purchaser or purchasers being required to executetheir 3 bonds with good surety, to beapproved by the Master Commissioner, for one-third of the purchasemoney each, due in six, twelve andeighteen months from date of sale respectively, and bearing interest atthe rate of six per cent, per annumfrom date qf sale until paid, saidbonds to have the force and effectof judgments.Said sale is. made for the purposeof reinvestment.O. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner Bourbon Circuit Court.(aug'l2-19-2r6)f'THE BOUBBOH SEWS, PAXM EEKTOCEJ-r?if' JvH.-, -(-oPAGE- TUESDAY, AUGUST 19, 1919RmL :1&BBEGL&' JBjHBBBilii'- -BeB1B1k3M& ! tQHe&tfSRfSS? t. JBaSi t w3?ifcL-!" 1: .-B'- Hk 3MBBPf2BWOBEK&3BmJKd . iBKH&Bnt3BBWp''BBSi 'bh T4MAVBBSajHHjK-&Lw , hBBvi:jBBSk':tBBBKiVBBiinB& -- MiBBBBflniw, ' H - W2MBBb,'v& -BBBaV'-;"r BBBJ &3-iBBBBBB? BBBBBBBBEfeBjvR v IBBBBB.?C??Vgi BBMaBafr - BBBK -BBBBBBBBm' BBBBBBBBBBKhSMK '-.? BBjXBBElnakSv''"''" 'viBBsHBfl&- iBBBE vBBlBBBflB V BBBBBBBflSBflBfir kfyl . BBKSBBy SBBBj J . sBBBBsBbcIBBBBBBBBBJBmBmh? fBBKsjkJtVvv BBVRsBk V v r BBBlBDDb s BBBBBBBBSBBB ? BIBphHus' 9BawBBuwBBHBfbgflBBBBBBHBHp)li flBBHBBHBHBBBPBt 'WBBkBBvjyK: -vxHwsjVjVjVjVj1vDSBJHjBJRjC'Bh A,'.? bkBTBBKOavJBj nKKSstmBSiMii'mr!iIU,i '"'' bTbTbYbVt BBMBMBBBMBMBMBMBMBMBMBMBMLKlBlMBMBMBMBMBMBMBMfif j bbbeFilipino Serenaders at T he Opera House To-night.Orders Now Being Received at thePostoffice for Surplus Army FoodEverything the soldier has beenliving on for the past two years areoffered. Sweet corn, bacon, flour,macaroni, rice, raisins, sausage, tomatoes, canned soups and lots ofother things will be sold.Individual consumers must makeout their orders from lists published in the papers and on display atthe Paris Postoffice. A duplicatecopy of the order should be retainedby the purchaser and on this will bewritten a receipt for the amount ofthe charges on the order and theoarcel post charges. These orderswill be consolidated at the ParisPostoffice and forwarded to Chicagofrom which place this station will besupplied.Cash in advance must accompanyeach order and the consumer will berequired to pay the parcel postcharges from Chicago to Paris whichwill be 6 cents for first pound and2 cents for each additional pound.Orders will be received until Parispeople have bought everything inthe amounts of the various articlesthat have been allotted by the government to Paris.City mail carriers or those on ruraldelivery service may accept orders,but they must be in writing and consumers must carefully retain a copySOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mrs. Harry H. Hancock is visiting relatives in Cleveland, Tenn.Miss Katie Lenihan is at Graham Springs for a two-weeks' vacation stay.Miss Sarah Traylor, of Corbin, isa guest of Miss Charlotte Henry, ather home on Cypress street.Misses Maude Herrin and DaisyFarris have returned from a visit tofriends and relatives in Lexington.Miss Ada Bramel, of this city,has returned from a visit to MissMattie Eads, near Donerail, in Scottcounty.Miss Mabel Lyons, guest offriends in Paris, has concluded apleasant visit and returned to herhome in Lexington.Mrs. "Woodford C. Daniel spentthe week-end in Covington as a guestof Mr. and Mrs. Richard Huffman,formerly of Millersburg.Mrs. J. H. McGinnis has returned to her home near this city, aftera visit to her son, Mr. Claude McGinnis, and family, in Frankfort.Mrs. Chas. P. Cook has returnedfrom Battle Creek, Michigan, whereshe has been under treatment forsome time. She is greatly improved.Mr. and Mrs. George L. Forthand children, of Montgomery, W.Va.,former residents of this city, arevisiting friends and relatives in Parisand in Millersburg.Mr. and Mrs. Rudolph Davis leftSaturday morning for a two-weeks'trip to Cedar Point, Ohio, NiagaraFalls, Buffalo, and other points of interest in the East.Dr. J. M. Williams and Mrs.of the order containing the receipt,When the supplies ordered by Parispeople have been received at th post- Williams have returned from Rochesoince tney may De oDtamea Dy presentation of the receipted cony ofI the order.ARTICLE PackedHERE ARE THE PRICES:Price percan, etcBacon (6 12-pound .cans to case) . $4.15Beef, corned (48 No. 1 cans to case) 29Do (24 No. 2 cans to case) 55Do (12 6-pound cans to case) 1.75Rppf roast (48 No. 1 cans to case; .Do (24 No. 2 cans to caseDo (12 6-pound cans to case)Hash, corned beef (48 1-pound cans to case) . .Do (24 2-pound cans to caseBeans, baked (48 No. 1 cans to case) . . .-rn (oa kg. 2 cans to case)Do (24 No. 3 cans to case) 09Beans, stringless (24 No. 2 cans to case) 09Do (12 No. 10 cans to case) 40Corn, sweet (24 No. 2 cans to case) 09Baking Powder (24 1-pound cans to case) 09Do (8 5-pound cans to case) .40Barley, pearl (100-pound bags) 2.G3.Beans, dry (100-pound bags) t , , . , . 64ir.orriPR ranned (24 small cans to case) 21J-UVW, '-r.631.90.22.37.04.06.Price percase, etc$24.9013.9213.2021.0013.4415.1222.8030.268.883.505.79.07.04.06.06Cornmeal. white (100-pound Dags;Do, yellow (400-pound bags)w Do (30 2-pound cans to case)Corn starch "(40 to case) ..Crackers, assorted (48 to CSe; i 'i jnronborc pTisrer (48 No. 1 tins to case)Cracker, Graham (48 No. 1 tins to cage) 06Crackers, soda (48 No. 1 tine to case) .06Fish, dried cod (40 pounds to case).. .. 6.82Flavoring extract (vanilla) (24 2-oz bottles to case 10Do (24 8-ounfce bottles to case) .33ml.i,. rn-rn '( 1 nO-TiOTind baSS) 0'24Flour, edible, eornstrach (100-pound bags) 4.00Flour, graham, (iuo-pouna duBtflour, issue (100-pound bags)Flour, oatmeal (100-pound bags)Flour, rice (100-pound bags)Flour, rye (9 8-pound, bags) .. ,il .!. oco Mnn-nound sacks) 4SEES toe' (24 No,i I cartons to case) 04Hominy, lye (24 smaii canu rrr"Macarxmi, bulk (25 pounds to case)Macaroni (24 to case) .M condensed, sweetened (48 No 1 cans to case) . . .Milk, evaporated (6 8-pound cans to case) .Mustard, ground (24 to case)Mustard, prepared (24 to case) . . ;Nutmeg, ground (48 4-pound cans to case) . ... ... ..Oai7rolled (36 No. 2 cartons to case)Oats rolled (90-pound bags) . v. . . . .-. .. ... ..Pepper,, black (48 &-pound cans to case).,, .. mmi t.Rice (100 pounds to bag) . . rt a -Mo 1 ft pans to case)Tapioca (48 k-pound cartons to case) 13cocarp Vienna (24 to case) ofSausage, pork (24 to case) . . .... . .Peas, green (24 No. 2 cans to case) . .t' t jtQ -M i rans to case)..SS: Sen (48 No. 1 cans to case) .08Rnim chicken (24 quart cans to case) . . . . , 33loup; chowder (48 No. leans to to case) 08ISfr clam chowder (24 Quar cans to to .case) . . , 29iou-p mock turtle (48 No. 1 cans to to case) 07Do (24 quart cans to case)Soup, oxtail (48 No. 1 cans to case) 07Do (24 quart cans to case) . . ..c J:" Lmotn r48 No. 1 cans to case) 08Souo beef (24 quart cans to case)Ion?! tomato (24 quart cans to case)Sou? vegetable (24 quart cans to case)Tomatoes (24 No. 2 cans to caseDo (24 No 2 cans to case)Do (24 No. 3 cans to caseDo (12 No. 10 cans to case)3.806.004.006.003.756.49.062.06.07.18.93.17.05.11.123.50.096.74.40.49.09.08..28.26.27.09.09.11.331.921.442.162.164.802.162.163.602.636.49SM3.505.792.101.602.882.882,882.886.822.407.925.244.003.806,0&4.006.003.750,49x96 '1.442.061.686.245.584.081.205.284.323.504.326.742.406.2412.485,163.883.887.923.88e.963.366.963.366.243.846.726.246.4 82.162.162.643.96TURN SOLDIERSINTO FARMERSArmy Schools in France Provinga Success.FIND MEN EAGER TO STUDY9HENDRICKS"THE SCREEN MAN"NATURAL CAUSES WILL EXEATJST BIG IiaUOR STOCKSTOirht million, twotwenty-four thousand and sixteengallons of whisky, whicii were inbonded warehouses of the Seventhdistrict at noon Friday, will havegone to staves within sixteen years,ascording to Federal estimates whichare made effective in the revenue actof February 24, 1919."Going to staves" means thatthrough evaporation and leakagefrom the wood there will be a perfume left at the end of this period.Time will step in as the super-prohibitionist,and the country will godry automatically with the barrels,except for that liquor which remainsin bottles provided all these, too,haven't become "dead soldiers"through human soakage.The wartime prohibition measureand the federal prohibition act provide a leakage allowance of one gallon in four months, or three gallonsper-year. The standard "barrel of"whisky recognized by the govern-on tests of averages. The leakagelikewise is based on tests.An instance of evaporage was re-hundred and l called at the Lexington revenueoffice recently. Two hundred and fiftybarrels of whisky made at Paris in1880 was not bottled for fourteenyears. Then it was decided to put itinto new staves. None of the barrelshad more than two gallons left, andsome were nearly dry.Ttie old revenue law provided for agraduated leakage for a period ofeighty months, beginning with onegallon for the first two months anda maximum oi imrieen. ana a uaugallons for six years und eightmonths. However, under that lawwhisky had to "be removed withineight years and the tax paid.oOMtaftlcft Rich In FniltCosta Rlc has all the raw materialthat Is necescacy, except -that for containers, to develop a profitable business in canned fruits and vegetables.The list of native and cultivated fruitsIs Ions; and contains' mssgr which wouldh in demand if the way is 'found toent contains 48 gallons. It is based 1 preserve the flavor.ter, Minn., where Dr. Williams tooka special course in surgery at theMayo Bros.' Hospital.Mrs. Fred Leuders, guest ofMisses Minnie and Ethel Buchanan,at their home on Henderson street,in this city, has returned to herhome in Jacksonville, Fla.Mrs. Don F. Schlosser has returned to her home in Columbus,Ohio, after a visit of two weeks toher mother, Mrs. Mayme Parker, andother relatives in this city.Misses Bernice Florence andMary Webb have returned to theirhomes in Poindexter, in Harrisoncounty, after a visit to Miss Geraldine Herrin, of South Main street.Miss Emma Smith has as guestsat her home on Seventh street, inthis city, her aunt, Mrs. EugeniaWharton, of Nicholasville, and Mrs.jt T, Wharton and children, of Louisville, '" ..Mr. James Bradley, who liasbeen with the Chas. S. Goldstein drygoods store for several years, has resigned his position there and accepted a position in the dry goods department of the David Feld departmentstore.Mrs. E. A. Bass, who has been apatient at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, for several weeks,has recovered sufficiently to be removed to the home of her parents,Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Crowe, of HenryDivision.Mr. Isaac Clay, of Lawrenceburg,is a guest of relatives in this cityand county. Mr. Clay was a residentof this county for many years, andhas a host of friends and relativeshere who have been giving him acordial welcome.Mr. and Mrs. Charles Link andMr. and Mrs. Thos. Link, of KansasCity, and Mr. Robert Link, of NewYork, have returned to their respective homes after a visit to their parents, Mr. and Mrs. Robert LiinK,Sr.f and family, in this city.Miss Mary McMahan has returned from an extended stav in NewYork. Miss McMahan-accompaniedMr. and Mrs. Harry Simon to themetropolis, and rendered valuableassistance in buying new stocks forthe Simon stores in Paris and Lexington. The following invitations havebeen received by Paris people, manyof whom will attend the dancer"You are invited to attend a dance atthe Elks' Ball Room, Winchester,Ky., Tuesday evening, August nineteenth, eight-thirty to three o'clock."Mr. F. C. Murphy and Mr. Wm. Kidd !compose the committee.Misses Evelyn Lloyd, of Germantown, and Dee Worthington, ofLexington, were week-end guests ofMr. and Mrs. Garrett Jefferson, inthis city. Mrs. Dan Lloyd and daughters, Misses Judith and Mary, whohave been guests at the home of Mr.and Mrs. Jefferson, have returned totheir home in Mason county.Daytona Beach, Fla., DailyNews: "Mr. Warren C. Wilcox hasgone to Green Cove Springs, wherehe will be the guest of his aunt, Mrs.Willis Hubbard. Mr. and Mrs. Hubbard have recently returned fromKentucky, and were accompaniedhome by Misses Edith and MaymeStivers, nieces of Mr. James L. .Wilcox, of this place.". Danville Messenger: "Mr. andMrs. Douglas Clay, of Paris, and Mrs.Clay's brother, Mr. Abe Addams, ofFrankfort, motored over from CrabOrchard, where they are visiting Mrs.Jphn Buchanan.... Mr. Geo. WhiteFithian, who has completed hissummer course at Centre College, has Ireturned to his home "in Paris. . . .Mssrs. R. C. Baldwin, of Winchester,E. K. Thomas, Jr., of Paris, and J.W. Gay, of North Middletown, motored through on their way to Louisville, Ky., and Michigan City, Ind."(Other Pergonals on Page 5)Eight Thousand Enrolled as Studentsin University Attached to Expeditionary Forces Institution OccupiesMore Than. 300 Structures Abandoned Agricultural Schools in Occupied Germany Taken Over FortyStudies Offered.Over in east central France there isgoing on an American adventure in education of which very little has beensaid over here. A university has beenestablished, with a college of agriculture and ten other colleges and a farmschool. Two months ago it was anidea; today it has 8,000 enrolled students; more than 3,000 attend theschool, while extension activities reachhundreds of thousands of men In oneway or another. The university building is a former American hospital nearthe town of Beaume, in the famousvineyard district of Cote d'Or.About the middle of March a host ofyoung American soldiers came sweeping into the old hospital grounds fromall parts of the expeditionary forces.They had packs on their backs, gunsin their hnnds, gas masks and "tin"hats at their sides. They put on overalls, picked up hammers, saws, shovels and picks, and made things readyto go to school. They kept coming, sothat now the university occupies morethan 300 structures, wjilch called for800 carloads of material and equipment. - Idea Makes a Hit.This was the work of the army education commission, in co-operation withthe department of agriculture and various state colleges and universities.The idea made a hit with the soldiersat once. Each week tens of thousandsof them are in class or lecture roomsestablished throughout the army. Theteaching staff from the home collegesfound the men eager to talk aboutfarming "back home," which was oneof the objects of the experiment. Theyare satisfied by the Interest displayedin the class and by the fact that morethan 500 farmers' clubs have been organized, with a membership of fully20,000 soTdTerX One da'y a flyingsquadron of "city fellers" came overto the university to "get some agricultural dope." There was enjoymentof army pleasantry at first, but in theelid several of the visitor 'confessedthemselves so interested that they, too;soon would be In the school.In many units of the expeditionaryforces farmer-soldiers have a chanceto go to agricultural schools whichmaintain courses of six to twelveweeks and give Instruction In severalfundamental studies. They are calledpost gnd divisional schools. They areAll Metal Window Screensand Weather StripsHIGGINS MANUFACTURING CO.. MAKERS OFWINDOW EQUIPMENTWhen you think of Window Screens and WeatherStrips, think of HENDRICKS.When you think of Hendricks, think of WINDOWSCREENS and WEATHER STRIPS.His Name is T. A; HENDRICKSand he lives and hes offices at264ERand EAve., Lexington, Ky.Telephone 2585A card simply addressed to '"'Hendricks, the ScreenMan," will reach him, as he is the best known screenman in Kentucky.Ninety-eight per cent, of the screens in Bourbon 'county are Higgins Manufacturing Company make.Higgins Metal Screens and Strips are recognized asthe best by all good architects.iK E! SPECIAL SALEDetroit Jewel Stoves, Rangesand FurnacesMr, S. E. Guinn, of the Detroit StoveWorks, is with us for a few days.Come in and let him explain to youthe remarkable performances of theJewel Pipeless Eurnace and Combination Coal and Gas Ranges.GET A JEW ELAND SAVE FUELT. W. SPICER314 Main St. Paris, KentuckyteJ3mnKH2;;i.'imiH.;asTjii-F-fHsisiMsmiM3MMIIlMHmtifMlHHHIHIIIIIMHIIIHIIIIIMMHusually under tne general supervisionof representatives of the commission,although he prjjn.cipalsand teachersafeTfrom the army. They are held inall sorts of places, wherever rooms andequipment can be found. In Germanyabandoned agricultural schools in theoccupied territory have been takenover. Even the land surrounding suchschools has been made use of for practical work with crops, soil and gardens. Sometimes live stock is securedfor judging, but usually the classesare taken to near-by farms for studyand observation of the live stock foundthere. i itSWXHJ5.'.iarV.J. W iForty StudiM Offered.Forty different studies are offeredthe boys grouped In four general departments animal husbandry, agronomy, horticulture and forestry andrural economics and sociology. In addition supporting subjects are offeredat other colleges of the university.In the first account of this "Americanuniversity to be received by the department of agriculture Prof. F. W.Beckman of Iowa State college says:The immediate results of the educational program of the commission areworth while, but farseeing men expecteven greater results in the future.Secretary Baker, in his address at theuniversity, said he believed that out ofthe commission's work would come apermanent educational policy for thearmy, combining military training withtraining for the vocations and for civillife. Agriculturally the immediate results will be large, for the farmer-soldiersof the. expeditionary forces arebeing stirred to a full realization oftheir opportunities and their obligations in the rural field. They arethinking as they never thought beforeabout the rural tasks that await themback home, and they are likely to return better qualified to deal with themand with a new spirit toward them."-J! ii--w-irii xxT"I The J. T. Hinton Co. !UNDERTAKERSAND EMBALMERSParis Ky.Mainand SixthStreetsDay phone 36NlKht x - .. 36or Home 286Ex-Kaiser Has Cut 5,000 Logs.The former German emperor hascompleted sawing his five thousandthtree. It was cut into one-inch disks,many of which have been distributedamong his attendants and advisers.Each disk was marked by the sawyerwith his initial and date.Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended B with ourLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.BBBBBBBBBBBBHPr $ JrVJv " J2mJWdf'9KbnntniMiiiiMtimiHmmnmuMiiiiiMDR. WM. KENNEYEye, Emr, Nose and ThroatBOOMS 403-404HRST NAT'L BJlNK BUILDINGPH0HE 136U. S. Hat 44,839 Officer in Rftttrve.Since the armistice was signed onNovember 11, a total of 44,839 officershave been commissioned In the UnitedStates reserve corps. The majority ofthese saw active service and desire tokeep in touch with military affair.CAHAL BROS.BABBEB SHOPPrompt and Courteous Attentiom toPatroms.HOT AHD GOLD BATHSINTEBTOBAK SCHEDULECABS LEAVELexineton For Paris- IorParis An Xaxnurtoi.A. M. 6.0.0x A. M. 6:45A. M. 7:20' A. M. 7:15xA. M. 8:50 A. 'M. 8:15A. M. 10:20 A. M. 9;45A. M. 11.50 A. M. 11:15P. M. 1:20 P. M. 12:45P. M. 2:50 . P. M. 2-1SP. M. 4:20 P. M. 3:45P. M. 6:00 P. M. 5:15P. M. 7:20 P. M. S:5P. M. 3:10 P. M: 8:15P. M. ll:0i P. M. lf:0$(x) Daily -exetpt Sunday.IV i CtX V-mrrucrY tuctjojt ajto tsjlnriL ck? ajtt. XvrTHE BOITRBOH HEWS, PUIS, KMOTCn irSJTUESDAY, AUGUST 19, 1919KLGE SOIJI 78 WBOTEKBOITS IELETEKACY FUNDGOES OVER THE TOP.Contributions from. Bourbon county toward the illiteracy fund havebeen received and the campaign hasbeen closed.Five hundred and thirty-six dollars and twenty-eight cents ($536.28) was forwarded to the chairman.Miss Lloyd, last week. Thirty-sixdollars and twenty-eight cents($36.28) more than our quota wasraised.North Middletown led in the work,contributing two hundred dollars($200.00) before the drive began.Shawhan has sent in a contributionand Millersburg has completed thework, making altogether the amountof one hundred and four dollars andseventy-eight cents ($104.78) morethan we were asked to send.The total amount sent from Bourbon county is six hundred and fourdollars and seventy-eight cents($604.78.)The interest of the workers hashas been manifest by the continuedwork after our apportionment hadbeen reached. , .MRS. F. P. LOWRY,Chairman.AMERICAN LEGION TO BE FORMED HERE.Mr. William Collins, of North Middletown, has been appointed Organization Chairman for the AmericanLegion in Bourbon County and isnow engaged in initial work towardthe establishment of the BourbonCounty Post of the new national association of soldiers, sailors and marines wTho served at home and abroadduring the great war. A county organization, committee is in process offormation.One of the first steps to be takenby the local 'veterans will be the forwarding of an application for a charter to State Headquarters, 714 Inter-SouthernBuilding Louisvelle.On recommendation of the Kentuckyorganization, the charter will beissued -directly from temporary national headquarters in New York. Amass-meeting in Paris at an earlydate is planned to make the Bourboncounty membership 100 per cent, ofthe eligible veterans. . Judge JamesP. Gregory, of Louisville, head of theState Speakers' Bureau, has agreed toprovide a speaker for this meeting.One hundred per cent. Americanism is the foremost aim of the American Legion. It is now engaged in acampaign to drive the alien slackerfrom the country. It has announcedits purpose of taking a part in national and local affairs in the beliefthat the ideals which carried itsmembers to France should not be forsaken now that peace is at handHowever, it is free from partisan politics and is making an appeal to veterans everywhere to take an activepart in its work in order that itsideals- may be preserved.oBOURBON FARMING CONDITIONS.The long drouth which has prevailed in many sections of the countywas broken "by recent rains, and thelate corn and tobacco have" beenbeen greatly benefitted. Some hailand wind accompanied the rain, butno great damage of any consequencewas caused. While considerable tobacco was planted early and got anearly start the rains came ;too late.A part of the crop had to be cut andhoused to prevent damage from thehot rays of the sun, but the largerportion of the crop being set late willnow have a chance to grow out. Thesame is true of- the late com. Therains have revived the grass andthere will be a good growth, for fallgrazing. Late planted garden truckwill also be benefitted by!ihe rains.The "prices of vegetables on the localmarket have already declined, showing the effects of the rains in bringing rapid growth. Farming conditions in the county are generallysatisfactory.oSPECIAL REGISTRATION TO BEHELD SEPT. 2.Tuesday, Sept. 2, has been designated as a special registration dayfor those voters who did not registerin time for the primary election, andwho may desire to vote on the turnpike bond issue and road tax question on September 6. The registration will be held in the regular voting booths in each precinct in thecounty.oNEW-COMER IN VETERINARYFIELD.Dr. O. E. Wood, who has recentlyreturned from service in the Veterinary Corps of the United StatesArmy, has located in Paris for thepractice of his profession. He hasbeen practicing at his old home nearHutchison. Dr. Woods will have hisoffice at the livery stable of Thos. G.Morris, on Main street.DRURY TO START BAKERYMessrs. L. R Drury and George W.Rhodes, of Lexington, has closed acontract with Mr. Martin Doyle, fora lease on the store room at 809Main, street, recently occupied byHiggins"& Flanagan, to be used asa, basery. mt. urury i& uucucuwith the Drury bakery in Lexington. Preparations will go forward atonce and the plant is expected to beready -for business 'in about sixtydays. Mr. Rhodes will 'be generaljnapager of theijjwat. t ' , .--INTERESTING OIL NOTESOn the Sol Lewis farm in Elliottcounty, the Bourbon Oil" & Development Company has completed itsinitial well, which is reported to bemaking 15 barrels.Pennsylvania parties, drilling nearOlympia, Bath county, have struckoil and their initial well is creditedwith five barrels. Other wells will besunk immediately in this section.Announcement is made that theCo-Operative Oil & DevelopmentCompany, of Paris, has made a contract with Winchester parties todrill on the W. R. Sparks tract of 54acres in the Ashby section of Powellcounty. This property adjoins theAshby, Miller, Prewitt, Golf andBaker tracts, all of which have produced considerable oil.The Mt. Sterling Oil Exchange,which has been closed down duringthe summer months, will reopen forbusiness September 1, and will beunder its former management, Wm.French, operator, and Russell Cox,local manager.The Paris exchanges will resumebusiness at the same time.The Little Banjo Oil Company, ofParis, which bought the Rice OilCompany's holdings in Elliott county, is rigging up a pump, pulling thetubing, and setting a tank near wellNo. 1, on the Vess Peters lease.The Company's initial well on theatFannin lease in Morgan county,the head of Elk Fork, is now down430 feet.A 250-barrel well in Lee countyand two 100-barrel wells in the Allen county pool were the features ofthe developments in the Kentuckyoil fields, as reported Saturday. Thebig Lee county "gusher" was broughtin by the Thraman Oil Company onthe Anna Fisher tract in the BigSinking territory and is the first welldrilled in by this company on theFisher lease.The Little Banjo Company haspurchased the Peters holdings inElliott county on which a ten-barrelwell was drilled in several monthsago. The company has set up apump, tanks, pipes, etc., and willclean out the well and thoroughlypump it to demonstrate what it willdo. The well was drilled in theBerea sand and it is said has beenflowing at intervals when shut in.It is understood the Bourbon Oil& Gas Company will clean out andre-shoot the No. 1 well on the L. C.Pritchard lease near the Peters wellin Elliott county. Operators havebeen assured that in the event oneor two more good wells are drilledin in that section a pipe line will bej run from the Lawrence county fieldsto Elliott county. A number ofrigs are reported working that territory now.The Bourbon Oil & DevelopmentCo., of Paris, has brought in a twenty-fivebarrel well on the Lewis leasein Elliott county. This is their initial well, which was "shot" on thatlease recently. It was necessaryto pump off salt water before a thorough test could be given. The company will clean out and "shoot" itsinitial well on the L. C. Prichardlease, which came in several weeksago.The McCombs Producing and Refining Company is drilling its initialwell on the Incas lease two mileseast of Airedale, in Lee county. Thiscompany has considerable - acreagein this vicinity for which it is saidfrom $6 to $7 an acre was paid. No.10 of the Columbia Oil & Gas Com-pany,-onthe E. S. Moore farm in Lee,is in, and is credited with 20 barrels. This company has a large number of stockholders in Paris andBourbon county.Mr. S. V. Brents, who recently resigned as secretary and treasurer ofthe Mutual Oil & Refining Company,and who was for a long time connected with the Bourbon Oil & Development Co., and the Co-operativeLand & Development Company, ofParis, is forming a new oil companyin connection with a number of Kentucky business men. The new company will have valuable leases andoptions on considerable acreage invarious counties.-o-TAXPAYERS ARE SLOW IN MAKING RETURNS.Taxpayers of Bourbon county arenot coming forward with their assessment lists as rapidly as they should,according to County Tax Commissioner Walter Clark and Deputy John J.Redmon.The new law provides that theproperty-owners must appear at theCounty Tax Commissioner's officeand give in a list of their proporty.If they do not come in person andlist their property for taxation, theCommissioners must do it for them.Messrs. Clark and Redmon are accommodating and efficient officials,hut "if" a larere nercentaere of the tax-payers wait until the last few daysto me tneir nsis, ui?re wm ue suuu years, ana $.&u ror aauits, rounaa crowd at the office that the work, trip, including boat trip. All intendwill be seriously delayed and the ding to take the trip should takeCommissioners hampered, in spite ofall their efforts to expediate theIN THE SERVICE OP THEIRCOUNTRY.The American First Division, thefirst division to land in France andthe captors of Cantigny, have begunleaving the Rhine for home.The First Division, many membersof which wear four service strides, isbound for Camp Taylor, Ky., whereit is expected the division will arrivein about a month.In a letter to his parents, Mr. andMrs. F. S. Elder, of Paris, Lieut.Eugene V. Elder, who is stationed atCamp Vail, New Jersey, stated thathe expects to receive his final discharge papers soon, and returnhome, possibly by the middle of nextmonth. He has been assisting in thedemobilization of overseas troops.-7Award of the Victory medal to allofficers and men who served in thenavy during the war will be made inNovember, it was announced at theNavy Department. The medals willbe distributed by the commandantsof naval districts, commanding officers at naval recruiting stations andat the Navy Department. A silverlapel button will be issued for wearwith .civilian clothes.Mr. Elmer Doty, son of Mr. andMrs. James Doty, of Pleasant street,returned home Saturday from Hampton Roads, Virginia, where he received his honorable discharge fromthe service. Mr. Doty was a memberof the Thirteenth Regiment, U. S.Marines, and had been in tne serviceoverseas with his company for several months.Col. C. M. Best, of the MillersburgMilitary Institute, received a messagestating that Richard Freas, a graduate of thetM. M. I., had been drowned in the harbor at Brest, Franceon July 23, while bathing. YoungFreas was a brother of Capt. HowardFreas, a member of the M. M. I.faculty for seven years. This makesthe fourth gold star to be added tothe M. M. I. service flag.Mr. Harvey Johnson, who has beenoverseas with the United States Marines, has returned home, having received his final discharge at Hampton Roads, Va. He was one of theseveral Bourbon county boys whovolunteered in the service in the Marine Corps, when it became apparentthat the Corps would be one of thefirst bodies of troops to be sent overseas. After a hard training periodat Paris Island, South Carolina, hewas sent overseas in September, butdid not get on the firing line, although at one time he was on a detailwhich was under fire.In order that membezs-of the Barrow Unit, U. S. A. Base Hospital No.40, many of whom have only recentlyreturned from service with the A. E.F., may be able to meet each otherreadily during the Blue Grass Fair,arrangements have been made for atent on the grounds by the BarrowUnit, composed of enlisted men of theorganization.During the Fair, on Sept. 5, theClub will meet at a banquet at thePhoenix Hotel at 7 o'clock in theevening and at that time it is proposed to form a permanent organization of members of the Lexingtonunit.B-4 FIREInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,AgtsoINCENDIiJlIES EIRE BIG PLEASITREVTLLE TOBACCO HOUSE.Fire, believed to have been of incendiary origin, completely destroyedthe warehouse of the Equitable Tobacco Company at Pleasureville, fourmiles from Eminence, at 7 o'clockSunday night.This warehouse ranked next tosize to the Big Burley Tobacco Warehouse, at Lexington, and containedapproximately 175,000 pounds of tobacco,' which was totally destroyed.The loss is estamated at $35,000.In addition to the warehouse andits contents a cottage owned bySquire T. Adams was destroyed bythe blaze, with a loss placed at $3,000. LIST YOUR PROPERTY NOW.SAVE PENALTY.Come in and list your property today, the time limit Isnear when a penalty will go on.The law requires you to cometo our office In the CourtHouse. Do it NOW.WALTER CLARK,Tax Commissioner.JNO. J. REDMON,Deputy.(aug8-tf)SUNDAY SCHOOL EXCURSIONThe Baptist Church Sunday schoolwill run an exp.nrRinn in TrnnVfortand by boat up the Kentucky Riveron Wednesdav. Auemst 27 at 11 nnfor the children from six to twelve".lunch with them. The, return trip.will be made leaving Frankfort 'atwill be made leaving Frankfort 'at:00 p.m. ,vBLUE GRASS FAIR TO BE BIGEVENT.With opening day only two weeks'off, Secretary Kenner Walker, of theBlue Grass Fair Association, predicted last week that record-breakingcrowds would attend the six days' .fair this year. Becoming specific, he 'sand, the association would register a Ilarger attendance on each day Monday, Thursday and Saturday thanever attended the Blue Grass Fair inone day.As an inducement to the out-of-townpersons who desire to go toLexington during fair week, all railroad companies whose lines passthrough Lexington have agreed tocarry passengers to and from thecity for one and one-half times theregular one-way fare.One of the features of the Fair, according to Secretary Walker, will bethe Rainbow Division Band and thefeature of "Die band will be TonyNovak, tenor.This vocalist had the distinction ofsinging with Elsie Janis when thatfamous musical comedy star was inFrance singing to the soldiers.Novak had the added distinction ofsinging before the peace conferenceat Versailles.A special Labor Day program hasbeen arranged for Monday, September 1. In the afternoon at 1 o'clockJ. Campbell Cantrill, Congressmanfrom the Seventh District, will deliver an address. The Rainbow Division Band will give two concerts,one in the afternoon and the otherin the evening.oHAIL INSURANCE.Hail insurance on tobacco.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.june24-tf)MEETINGS AHE SUCCESSESFarmers' Community Meetingswere held at Maysville, Flemingsburand Tolesboro the week of the 18thof this month. Good crowds ofthoroughly interested people are reported from all points. During theremainder of the season meetingswill be held in the western portionof the State. Meetings are alreadyscheduled for Daviess, Breckinridge,Meade. Union, Webster and Crittenden counties the week of the eighteenth. SUNDAY SCHOOL PICNICThe Sunday School of St. Peter'sEpiscopal Churqh of Paris will have4-n outing and picnic dinner in thewoodland of Col. E. F. Clay, on the(jynthiana pike, near Paris, Thursday, the weather permitting.For'ShoppingTired'Mothers!When you've shoppedcontent and your mind's endget relief in our Boys' Suits-$6.50 toThe more you'veshopped the more youreally know of Boys'Clothes qualities thesurer you are to bepleased with the clothesyou will find here.The starting of schoolis just a few days off,and everv bov wants tolook his best on starting in in fact he wants the kind of clothes that always lookgood until they are worn out. That's just the kind that you'll find right hereYou'll find Boys' Clothes Satisfactionin every Suit we sell.Our styles are the niftiest in town most of them patterned after young 'men'sstyles seam at waist line, belts all around, in single and double breasted coats.We've selected the best colorings and patterns we have ever had and we aresure you will like them. We will be glad to show you or your boy.Select7th and Maint.KRANK&GO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSBIGREDUCTIONSONALLSUMMERDRESSESFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSAutomobile Deliveryto your heart's IwfwLKiA lit ?come here and ( J&mwzulmuHmh Mr i rJ Mr0.00 " ?Jf . .$2Linesi . ft mBoys9 Furnishingsi ;R P. WALSHOne-Price StoreiofParis, Ky.f&flwork and keep the'-office agoing.- . t . -. - - -, . r - ' 'f-Ktt&.'Sh- "'""'"JP.. .,.- W' -sv-t&-f,.A "TUESDAY, AUGUST 19, 1919THE BOUBBOK NEWS, PABXS, KEHTTTCIT?rrt,-PAGE 3TVX..;fttaJafFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEFALL SEEDSBtst quality Northern GrownRosen Seed Rye, Less quantity per acre. Yields more thanany other variety. Also havehighest quality Seed Wheat andTimothy Seed. -CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(augl9-tf). oMALANE'S TAFEXES.A fresh shipment of Malane'sTaffies just received.OBERDOKFER, The Druggist.(it). oNEW AUTO OWNERS.The Mammoth Garage, of Lexington, reports the sale of a Studebakerseven-passenger Bib Six auto to J. D.McDonald, of Paris, and Studebakerfive-passenger Light Six to Miss Roberta Gorham, of Clintonville.SPECIAL REGISTRATION" TO BEHELD SEPT. 2.Tuesday, Sept. 2, has been designated as a special registration dayfor those voters who did not registerin time for the primary election, andwho may desire to vote on, the turnpike bond issue and road tax question on Sept. 6. The registrationwill be held in the regular votingbooths in each precinct in thecounty.oOUR PALL HATS ARE READYMany novel styles and colors inStetsons.J. W. DAVIS & CO.oMELONS ON ICE.Nice, juicy watermelons on ice. Wereceive them fresh every day directfrom the patch.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.oAUTO SPEEDING REDUCED.The vigilance of the Paris police,supplemented by the good work ofMotorcycle Policeman Fields, in theenforcement of the traffic laws hashad the effect of reducing automobilespeeding over the streets of the cityto a minimum. Few cars are seenrunning at nights now without theproper red rear-end lights. Occasionally some one is going to getcaught and a fine in the Police Courtwill result. The speeders are learning that they must obey the law.oROAD SUPERVISOR DISCOVERSHQUIR TREASURE TROVEWhile exploring a small cave nearRenick Station, on the Louisville &Nashville, Road Supervisor SheltonIrwin discovered seventeen quarts ofbottled in bond whisky cached undera layer of rocks. It is thought thatthe liquor had been secreted there bybootleggers, who intended to removeit in small quantities at a time. Mr.Irwin notified the revenue and county authorities of Kis find, and isholding the wet goods in his possession, awaiting instructions as to itsdisposition.THE BEST IS ALWAYS THEt. CHEAPEST, v-Read T. A. Hendrick's display advertisement of Higgins-All-Metalscreens and weatherstrips, all kindsof window equipments, etc. Youwould not think it, but it is a fact,that 98 of the screens in Bourboncounty are of the Higgins make.Call Hendricks, at Lexington, iffthinking of screens or weatherstrips, ., ,. , (It)EOURBON CONFEDERATES GETNOTICE OP 17TH REUNIONMembers of the John H. MorganCamp, United Confederate Veterans,of Paris, have received official noticeof the seventeenth annual reunion of"Morgan's Men," which will be heldat Olympian Springs, on August 26,27 and 28. The notices were sentout by Secretary Horace M. Taylor,of Carlisle. Deaths and removals havemade serious inroads upon the ranksof the local veterans, but those whoremain fondly hope to be able to jointheir former comrades in the annualreunion at Olympia.oY. W. C. A. GIRLS AT CAMP DANIEL BOONE.The Young Women's Christian Association Camp at Camp DanielBoone spent a most interesting andhappy week. Eighty-five girls fromLexington, Louisville, Maysville,Cynthiana, Henderson, Flemingsburg, Paris and other cities have enjoyed the swimming, boating, hiking,camp-singing and out-door life of thecamp. Each evening during theweek vaudeville and stunt partieshave been given by groups of girlsfor the entertainment of the othergirls.Miss Rebecca Averill, of Frankfort,and Miss Harriet Rogers, of Paris,were the camp athletic leaders andswimming instructors. Miss Sunshine Sweeney, and Miss HelenHutchcraf t, of Paris, have held interesting Bible classes, each- day duringthe week. 'SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mr. John Woodford is spendinga week with friends in Camp Virden, Ky.Mr. James M. Russell has returned from an extended stay at Olympian Springs.Miss Luna Duffey and NancyMetzger have returned from a visit tofriends in Ewing.Miss Lena Rose is spending aweek's vacation with relatives inCincinnati and Carthage, Ohio.Mrs. Lizzette Hayman Morgan,of Lexington, is a guest of Mrs. A.R. Blount, at her home near Paris,Mr. Frank Rourke has returnedto his home in this city after a visitto friends and Relatives in Richmond.Dr. and Mrs. J. H. Comer andson, Creighton 'Comer, left Saturdayfor a ten-days' stay at Red BoilingSprings.Mr. N. B. Moss, of the Lane OilCo., left Sunday for a weeks' vacation stay in Atlantic City and NewYork City.Mr. and Mrs. William Shire willleave to-morrow for an extended stayin New York, on a combined businessand pleasure trip.Miss Helen Lavin left Saturdaywith a party of Lexington friends tospend a week camping on the banksof the Kentucky River.Mr. and Mrs. John M. Stuarthave returned form a visit to Mrs.Stuart's parents, Mr. and Mrs. Robt.E. Morris, in Indianapolis.Miss Willie Lee Clarke, guest ofher cousin, Miss Patsey Clarke, hasreturned to her home in Lexington,after a most delightful visit.Augustus Russell, who has justreturned to his home at Little Rock,from a visit to relatives in Texas, hasgone to Williamstown for a visit.Mr. W. D. Embry, of Hammond,Ind., is visiting friends and relativesin this city, after an absence of several years.Mrs. J. 'H. Douglass and daughter, Miss Elmeta Douglass, are visiting Wallace and Marion Douglass, inMiddlesboro.As usual Bourbon county peoplepatronized the Boonesboro bathingbeach liberally Sunday. This resortis being greatly improved in the wayof facilities.Mr. and Mrs. Edgar Valentine,of New York, are guests of Mr. andMrs. George W. Judy, of Twelthstreet, and Misses Emily and CarrieHolliday, of Eighth street.Mrs. Roger Crouch, who hasbeen in the Massie Memorial Hospitalin this city for several weeks, hasbeen removed to her home nearBunker Hill, in this county.Misses Lorine and Ollie Butlerreturned Sunday from a trip to Canada with a party of Chicago friendsThey spent part of the time on a laketrip on the steamer Great Eastern.Mr. and Mrs. Milligan Kinkeadand daughter have returned to theirhome in St. Augustine, Fla., after avisit to H. C. Peters, Mrs. Mary Dennis and others, in North Middletown.Miss Elizabeth Stuart Corter, ofLexington, who has been a guest ofMiss Josephine Leer, in Millersburg,is a member of a house party beingentertained in Paris by Miss AnnaWare.Capt. Ernest Bell, recently returned from overseas service, whohas been a guest of his sisterti Mrs.Jeff Denton, and Mr. Denton, in. thiscity, has gone to Maysville to visitfriends and relatives.Misses Charlina Ball and Isabella Talbott, and Mrs. Jesse M, Alverson, of Paris, and Miss AlbertaMbffett, ot Millersburg, were guestsat a card party given at Crab OrchardSprings, by Mrs. C. E. Smith, of Win-1Chester. , ; i . ; "Mrs. W. M. Cochran and chil-jdren, and Mrs. A. R. Reynolds andchildren, have returned to theirhomes in Ft. Wayne, Indiana, aftera visit to Mr. and Mrs. Thomas W.Wells. Mrs. L. L. McCandless, another guest at the Wells home, isvisiting friends in Lexington beforereturning to her home in Henderson.Mr. Oliver Wendall Murphy, ofnear Paris, who has been ill for several weeks in a Cincinnati hospital,has recovered, and has resumed hisposition with a Detroit manufacturing firm, selling automobile supplies.Mr. Murphy was a week-end guest ofhis parents, Mr. an'd Mrs. J. M. Murphy, in North Middletown.Among recent visitors at Olympian Springs, were the followingfrom Bourbon county: George R.Bell, J. K. Ford, Victor O'Neill, CareyM. Clay, Chas. H. Meng, Mr. andMrs. Robt. M. Hopkins, Mr. and Mrs.J. Miller Ward, J. Miller Ward, Jr.,Mrs. Henry S. Caywood, Richard Caywood. -,A farewell bridge party was given at Crab Orchard Springs last weekto Mrs. Harry Blackburn ana Mrs.Warren Wheeler, of Georgetown, byMiss Susan Wood, of Stanford. Thefirst prize, a fine box of candy, waswon by Mrs. Sanford M. Allen, ofMillersburg. Among the guests whoparticipated were Mrs. Custis Talbottand Mrs. Jesse M. Alverson, both ofParis.County School Superintendent J.B. Caywood has a guests his "brothers,S. W. Caywood, of Washington, D.C., Robt. L. Caywood, of Camp Sherman, near Chillecothe, O., Dr. andMrs. E. S. Caywood and children, ofRavenna, and his sisters, Mrs. Chester Brandenburg, of .Madison county,iand Mrs. C. L. Gullett, of Texas, andhis aunt, Mrs. Jennie Minter, of Madison county.Mrs. Watson W. Judy has returned from a visit to friends andrelatives in Wichita, Kansas.Mr. Edward McShane, of Cleveland, Ohio, is visiting his mother,Mrs. C. B. McShane, in this city.Miss Camelia Stone, of Paris,was the week-end guest of her sister,Miss Hadley Stone, in Versailles.Mrs. Wm. B. Newman has return to her home in Louisville aftera visit to friends and relatives inParis.Mr. and Mrs. Jos James have asguest af their home on Parrish avenue Miss Clara Highland, of Covington. Mrs. Tackett has accepted a position at the optical establishment ofMr. 0. L. Frey as assistant optometrist. Mrs. C. E. Cotterell has returned from a visit to her parents, Mr.and Mrs. A. W. Sousley, near Flemingsburg. Miss Elizabeth Sommerville, ofMontgomery, Alabama, is a guest atthe home of Dr. and Mrs. J. T. Vansant, on Pleasant street.Misses Ida May and EulalieOwens have returned to their homein Covington, after a visit to MissPauline Owens, in this city.Mr. Charles Clarke, formerly ofParis, now residing in Louisville, accompanied by his two daughters, arrived here Saturday for a visit torelatives.Miss Julia Turner has returnedto her home near this city, afterhaving been a member of a campingparty on the Kentucky river for thepast ten days.Misses Marie Harper and MarieLangford, who have been guests forseveral days of their cousin, Mrs. G.R. Combs, have returned to theirhomes in Richmond.Mr. John W. Yerkes, of theFarmers and Traders Bank, willleave Friday for a vacation trip andvisit to his mother, Mrs. W. L. Yerkes, in California.Mrs. Fanniebelle Sutherland andMiss Julia O'Brien will return toParis to-day from Lake Chautauqua,New York, where they have beenspending their summer vacation.Misses Annie May and DoraPearl Henry, of Walton, and Mahala Childers, of Cynthiana, have returned to their homes after a visitto Mrs. B. F. Laughlin, on Secondstreet.Mr. J. W. Bowen. of Cincinnati,is a guest of his sisters, Miss LidaBowen, of Paris, Mrs. Ed. Keller, ofKiserton, and Mrs. E. L. Ralls, ofShawhan.Misses Omia Blanford, of Louisville, and Loretta Santen, of Utica,New York, are visiting Miss RosallsfSanten, at the home of her parents,Mr. and Mrs. Henry J. Santen, onScott avenue.Miss Jennie James has returnedfrom a visit to friends in Georgetown. While in Georgetown MissJames was guest of honor at a sixo'clock dinner given by Mrs. JesseAlsop.Mr. and Mrs. R. F. Collier andchildren will leave to-day in theirautomobile for a trip to points of interest in the East. They will visitWashington and other cities, and willbe absent about thirty days.James M. Caldwell, Walter Kenney, Sam Harding, Julian Frank,Woodford Buckner and Frank Collinscomposed a motor party which motored Friday to Crab Orchard Springs,where they will spend a week.(Other Personals on Page 3.)oSPECIAL REGISTRATION TO BEHELD SEPT. 2.Tuesday, Sept. 2, has been designated as a special registration dayfor those voters who did not registerin time for the primary election, andwho may desire to vote on the turnpike bond issue and road tax questionon September 6. The registrationwill be held in the regular votingbooths in each precincts in thecounty.WASH WEAR FOR YOUNGSTERS.We feature this week some attractive styles of Tom Sawyer wash suitsages 3 to 8 years.J. W. DAVIS & CO.o .LOCAL PRODUCE MARKETPrices paid on the local market toBourbon county farmers and gardeners for country produce are reportedas follows by Logan Howard, grocer.Potatoes, $2.75 to $3 per bushel;cabbage, 6 cents per pound; onions,5 cents; beans, $3.00 per bushel;corn, 30 cents to 40 cents per dozen;tomatoes, $2.00 per bushel; canteloupes, 10 cents to 20 cents' each;green peppers, $2.50 a bushel; eggs,38 cents per dozen; butter, 50 centsa pound; country hams, 50 cents perpound; country bacon, 35 cents perpound.For RentNice furnished room on first floor.Call at 406 Pleasant street.(It-pd) MRS. R. M. HARRIS.-For SaleOner drop-head, sewing machine;price $10. Call at No. 266 LillestonjK!OneOn Thursday, Friday andWe will offer3 yardsFor3 yards4 yardsFor4 yardsFor$1.25 Table LinenFor5 Huck TowelsForFor6 pairs Hose, lisleForHARRY SIMON-: : '.THE J.EITHERPHONE 3CMotor HearsepMffflpKDollarAugust 21, 22 anda $1.00sale ofItems:40c ShirtingsLight or Dark Percale $1(1040c Apron GinghamsOuting, white only3 pairs Hose, silk4 yards Indian LinenForOne lot latest Trimmed HatsWorth up to $7.50, each'Sure, weKave tKeUnoWms and Mattmgsvou neeXMrs. HomeloVer;Half of the Work of the home, you know, is inyour kitchen. Then have oh your kitchen floorsour new, bright linoleum and lessen your labor.This will be Worth more in comfort and cleanliness than the cost.And we have for you the mattings you need.They Won't cost you much in our store, becauseOur QUALITY is always HIGH; our PRICEis always LOW.T. HINTOJV CO,rams, nuiiuwilTMotor Invalid Coach!Vati:ABAHIXHn"i.Sale!IllSaturday23IIi 5the. following IXIi55$1.00X$1.00I1M ft ft$1.00am1IIiS1-.00111iM ftft$1.00$1.00$100- "!11."W- :IA.v v- -SIXTH iMnViuUndertakingK,.4J-'-u y-43ayenue. ( It)T-stmiH"XSmVAYt AUGUST 19, 191$ nZA0E8IXTHE BOTOBON NEWS, PABIS, KENTUCKYLift off Corns!Doesn't hurt a bit and Freezonecotks only a few cents."With, your fingers! You can lift off.any hard corn, soft corn, or corn between the toes, and the hard skincalluses from bottom of feet.A tiny bottle of "Freezone" costslittle at any drug store; apply a fewdrops upon the corn or callus. Instantly it stops hurting, then shortlyyou lift that bothersome corn orcallus right off, root and all, without.one bit of pain or soreness.No humbug!Truly!(T-tf)HOMEKILLEDMEATSVealPorkBeefLambIt's the BestTo Be HadMflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketAetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect Againstil gw Fire,. TheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityrAnd OtherCasualtiesf.f" S.-A. J- FEEEXPERTS GIVE OPINION ON TOBACCO CHOP OUTLOOK.Whether the burley tobacco willbe large and of good quality dependsentirely upon the weather from nowon, according to statements by tobacco experts.H. F. Hillenmeyer said if there isan average rainfall of one inch aweek the rest of this month the yieldwill be larger than last year, although he estimates the price willdecline from 10 to 12 cents a pound.This year there is the largest tobacco acreage in the history of Central Kentucky, Mr. Hillenmeyer said.Most of the land has been devoted towheat, corn and tobacco and of thelast-named product there is an increased acreage of about 15 per centabove normal, he estimates.Practically all tobacco growersplanted their crop when the groundwas wet and when the ground turned hot in June, much of the tobaccowas burned in transplanting. Therewas hardly a field that did not haveto be reset, Mr. Hillenmeyer stated.The early tobacco was damaged bythe dry weather, but the late crop,with the exception of being irregular, is looking good and is growingrapidly.John R. Humphrey, head of the Department of Markets, University ofKentucky, is of the opinion there willbe a good price for the better gradesthis fall. He bases this opinion onthe fact that the Eeastern markets,although they opened low, have gradually risen until the average is aboutequal to last year.The crop in North and South Carolina and Virginia is only about 60per cent, of what was expected, according to Mr. Humphrey. He estimates there will be more discrimination in grades this season, with thegood quality bringing high prices,and the poor grades selling very low.. -0"EAT-SNAP BEATS THE BEST BATTRAP EVER MADE," MRS.EMILY SHAW SAYS."My husband bought a $2 trap. Ibought a 50c box of RAT-SNAP.The trap only caught 3 rats, butRAT-SNAP killed 12 in a week. I'mnever without RAT-SNAP. Reckon Icouldn't raise chicks without it."RAT-SNAP comes in cakes. Threesizes, 25c, 50c, $1.00.Sold and guaranteed by The Farmers Supply Co. (adv aug)0INDIAN SQUAW'S WISDOMAGENTBRIGHTER-EVENINGS-. Afpf ft . VdfST.(HI CgS' Nothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.useSiectri'citu?or EidDtittdIt's the only ."satisfactory way.use Setsfor gating and CookingIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix Yeti Up:. For the Use ef BothElectricity and Gas.tParis Gas & Electric Co.Out among the Pilchuck Indians inWashington, the thrift habit hastaken hold like a forest fire and thehabits of wastefulness which are atradition with the American Indianare rapidly being set aside for habitsof thrift.One of the most active boostersfor thrift among this tribe is Pilchuck Julia, an aged squaw, who islooked upon by her people as aseeress of great wisdom. When Lulasays "save," her worshipping followers know it is "good medicine," andforthwith move their moccasins tothe local War Savings Stamp headquarters to buy Thrift and War Savings Stamps.Recently Fred W. Graham, StateDirector of the National Thrift Campaign, journeyed to the Pilchuck reservation and decorated Julia with the"Order of the Thrifty." When thedirector pinned a gaudy War SavingsStamp button upon the aged seeress'coat, she smiled and said:"Heap big snows are coming. Better save for the Great Cold."And the braves and squaws whohad assembled to witness the ceremony of decorating Julia noddedtheir heads solemnly in assent.0A GREAT REMEDY.The merits of Chamberlain's Colicand Diarrhoea Remedy are wellknown and appreciated, but there isoccasionally a man who had no acquaintance with them and shouldread the following by F. H. Dear, ahotel man at Dupuyer, Mont. "Fouryears ago I used Chamberlain's Colicand Diarrhoea Remedy with suchwonderful results that I have sincerecommended it to my friends."(adv-aug)oLard has now reached a price sohigh that we need no longer fear it isbeing used to adulterate our butter.OOwgwSouthern Optical Co.IncorporatedManufacturers of Perfect-FittingSPEaACLES ANDEYE GLASSESKrjpttkv Artificial EyesInvisible Bifocal Lena4th A Chettnut StsLOUISVILLE, KY.U. S. WARNS MEXICO TO BE GOODWASHINGTON, August 18. Thefirst definite move toward the longexpected change in policy in dealingwith Mexico was disclosed last week.Carranza has been warned that ifthe murders and outrages of Americans continue, the United Statesmay be forced to adopt a radicalchange in its policy with regard toMexico.With the announcement at theState Department, however, came noauthoritative indication of how -farthe American Government is preparing to go to enforce what lacks onlythe diplomatic technicalities of anultimatum.The Government announced itsaction by publishing an exchange ofnotes with Mexico City, and prefacedits official statement with the explanation that the diplomatic representatives referred to had been taken"in view of the long series of murders and outrages of American citizens in Mexico, culminating in themurder of Peter Catron in San LuisPotosi last month, and the perpetration of other acts in disregard ofAmerican lives and property."The following note, the State Department announced, was presentedto the Mexican Government byCharles Summerlin, of the Americanembassy:The text of the American note wasgiven out Thursday by the State Department without explanation of thedelay in making it public. The department's statement follows:"In view of the long series of murders and outrages of American citizens in Mexico, culminating in themurder of Peter Catron in San LuisPotosi last month, and the perpetration of other acts in disregard ofAmerican lives and property, theAmerican embassy at Mexico City,July 22, by direction of the Secretary of State made the following representations to the Mexican Government: " 'Mexico City, July 22, 1919."'Sir: With reference to the embassy's note, dated July 16, 1919,relative to the murder of Peter Catron, near Valles, San Luis Potosi, onor about July 7 last, I have the honorto inform you that I am now undertelegraphic instructions from myGovernment to urge upon the Mexican Government the capture andpunishment of those responsible forthis murder, and the adoption ofadequate measures to prevent a recurrence of the murder-of Americancitizens." 'I am also instructed to stateshould the lives of American citizenscontinue to remain unsafe and thesemurders are continued by reason ofthe unwillingness or inability of theMexican Government to afford adequate protection, my Governmnt maybe forced to adopt a radical changein its policy with regard to Mexico." 'Accept sir, the renewed assurance of my highest consideration." 'GEORGE T. SUMMERLIN," 'Charge d'affaires "To this communication the Mexican Government returned a reply,dated July 28, signed by SalvadorDiego-Fernandez, in charge of theDepartment of Foreign Relations.The communication to Mexico iscouched in probably the strongestlanguage used in any from this Government since the exchanges preceding the Vera Cruz occupation.All official Washington began atonce looking behind the official textsseeking some reason for an impending change of policy, for which therehas" been demand in and out of Congress. ' 'Pressure from foreign Governments and pressure in Congresswhich is preparing an investigationof the whole Mexican situation, wereamong those most commonly discussed. Outwardly there was no reason apparent except the long and growinglist of outrages on Americans.0THE BEST PHYSIC.When you want a pleasant physictry Chamberlain's Tablets. They areeasy to take and mild and gentle ineffect. They are highly prized bypeople who have become acquaintedwith their good qualities. They onlycost a quarter,AN AMUSING ADVERTISEMENT"FOR SALE A good fruit andvegetable store; Ford truck and living room upstairs; good reasons forselling."The above appeared in a recentissue of a Cincinnati newspaper. Wehave heard of Fords being kept inmany places, but this is the first timewe ever heard of one being kept upstairs in a residence. Thus, day byday, the advantages of this wonderful little machine become more andmore evident. Whereas, one mustbuild garages for other automobilesto keep them safe from thieves, thisadvertisement shows that one cantake a "flivver" upstairs with himwhen the day's work is done, andput it under the bed with his shoesor throw it in a convenient corner,just as one does his trousers. Henrymay not know any more history thanother business men, but the "flivver" knows what it can do in the wayof spending the night at home.0ARMY WILL BE DEMOBILIZED BYOCTOBER.Demobilization of the army "so faras combatant troops are concerned,"will be completed the last of October, Secretary Baker announced recently. Many men now in the army,it was explained, will be retained tocare for large stores of equipmentremaining on hand.Mr. Baker announced some timeago that the army would be reducedto the peacetime strength, provided inthe national defense act by September 30. At that time, however,, therestill will remain in' the army a number of men enlisted for teh emergency. These will be released as rapidlyas they can be renlaced bv vninn.""' ' .iV-'tHifflf sJlrwM S3 B H aw csadl B18 cents a packageCamels are sold everywhere in scientifically sealed packages of 20 cigarettes; orten packages (200 cigarettes) in a glass-ine-paper-coveredcarton. We stronglyrecommend this carton for the froma oroffice supply, or when you travel.R J. REYNOLDS TOBACCO COMPANYWinston-Salem, N. CCAMELS' expert blend of choiceTurkish and choice Domestictobaccos answers every cigarettedesire you ever had ! Camels givesuch universal delight, such unusualenjoyment and x satisfaction you'llcall them a cigarette revelation !Jf you'd like a cigarette that doesnot leave any unpleasant cigarettyaftertaste or unpleasant cigarettyodor, smoke Camels! If youhunger for a rich, mellow-mildcigarette that has all that desirablecigarette "body" well, you getsome Camels as quickly as you can!Camels' expert blend makes all thisdelightful quality possible. Yourpersonal test will prove that CamelCigarettes are the only cigarettesyou ever smoked that just seemmade to meet your taste ! You willprefer them to either kind of tobacco smoked straight !Compare Camels for quality andsatisfaction with any cigarette inthe world at any price !llllIII ' 111Ml ill'III .,BWaata IIllll aiaBBwaaBaBB IIIllll .,iw;.' THE UNIVERSAL. AR 111:llll itlillll v inRUGGLESII !., M Bnk Row, Paris, Ky. 3 iwaSf 1I " . ' ". '' ..... Ipfllll! r vuI i , - fijlKJI Ma'liMi'M,MM'w"gM " "'" '"" S"'-i'-iJM - .ju..wnw8r & ) JKENTUCKY RACING BATESThe following are the official racing dates for the fall season in Kentucky: Lexington Saturday, September13, to Saturday, September 20; sevendays.Louisville (Churchill Downs)Thursday, October 23, to Saturday,November 1; nine days.Latonla Wednesday, September24, to Saturday, October 18, twentytwo days.WHY PEOPLE BtJY RATSNAP INPREFERENCES RAT POISON(1) RAT-SNAP absolutely killsrats and mice. f(2) What It doesn'tkill it scares away. (3) Rats killedwith RAT-SNAP leave no smell, theydry up inside. (4) Made in cakes,no mixing with other food. (5) Catsor dogs won't touch it. Three sizes,25c, ?50c, ?1.00.Sold and guaranteed by The Farmers Supply Co. (adv. aug)oDoes tlie 'protest of the UnitedStates against German dyes meanthat something has been stained?SiEi;a5glS,gSi;535j-.-.-.-jjua uijismiCoal Coal CoalHave You Talked WithCOLLIER BROS.About Your Winter Coal?Office Opposite PartiI WarehouseParis TobaccoCumberland Phone 997Home Phone 27mnznn szz:l &&.' ,tiixwrKMTmmrrKm1GEO. W7 DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORI Motor Equipment ,BOTH PHONES-DAY 137$ NIGHT 299CortiernfthMdrleaeantStiAaKAaiA9K5SABBAaMXaaHiaaMMiXBlWBMisiTUESDAY, AUGUST 19, 1919TEL BOURBON NEWS, PAlgS, mrilgCKrPAGE--A New Way toDEMOCRATIC PLATFORM CONVEOTION AT LOUISVILLE,SEPT. 4.Series:Model "K"-44ap-i J"ri4IM4nSsbM5iSave Soap!-5Just a tablespoonful of GR ANDMA, the wonderful powderedsoap in the water. That takes theplace of all the chipping, slicingnd rubbing that you do nowwhenever you wash or clean.And you save soap. You knowjust how much to use.Isn't it simple? What woman wouldput up witn tno xuss and Dottier orr:m00 bar soap lying around and waiting," way, waen duo cau uuw imto uirackages marvelout powdered loap,Try fftw Powdered Soap Today!Grandma's Powdered SoapSaves TIME Saves WORK Saves SOAPYour Grocer Has It!TIRE TAPE VERY USEFULTire tape is to the automobile whata bandage is to a Red Cross nurse,and a man who drives a car would assoon think of leaving it out of histool box as a Red Cross nurse wouldthink of leaving a bandage out ofher first-aid kit.The United States Tire Companyadvises all its patrons to include aroll of its tape in their equipment.Its uses are innumerable. It is mostfrequently used to reinforce badspots caused by blow-outs and punctures. It is also valuable for winding "leaky" electric wires or makingtemporary repairs to broken rods orrattling parts.SPECIALSFor This WeekWASH SKIRTSSlightly Soiled98cValues up to $3.00 and $4.00HATS98cEvery Hat Must Go.Ladies' White CottonHose15c PairMuslin Underwear ReducedBARNES' GRAVE UNMARKEDLOUISVILLE, KY., August 18.Democrats of Kentucky will hold aplatform convention in LouisvilleSeptember 4. This was decided bya vote of 15 to 4 at a joint meetingof the Democratic State Central andExecutive Committees at the Seelbach Thursday.William F. Klair, of Lexington,made a determined effort to land theconvention for that city. The threewho voted with him were formerUnited States Senator George B.Martin, Catlettsburg ; Charles M.Harris, of Versailles, acting governor, and W. A. Young, of Morehead, whose proxy was held andvoted by Senator Harris. The committeemen were a unit in namingThomas S. Rhea, Russellville, campaign chairman, upon the recommendation of the Democratic nominees. Fifty-four hundred Democrats willattend the convention as delegatesthe basis of representation agreed upon being one c'elegate to every fiftyvotes or fraction thereof cast forWoodrow Wilson in the last presidential election. Delegates will benamed at mass conventions to beheld in each of the one hundred legislative districts throughout the State.Saturday, August 30, at 2 p. m.In what building the conventionITwill be held was not disclosed, thatThe Courier-Journal expresses sur-Seeing in the hands of the LouisvilleDusiness men .uouisvme navingprise that Rev. Geo. O. Barnes'grave remains unmarked in the Danville cemetery and says editorially:"An effort upon the part of Mrs.W. G. Welch, of Stanford, E. C.Walton and others, to rais $1,000 tomark appropriately the grave of theRev. George O. Barnes, at Danville,will recall to many Kentuckians arugged and striking figure in theworld of evangelism; a man of talentand of intense conviction whose zealcarried him around the world; apreacher of the Gospel of Christ incities where the bare feet of generations of Moslem worshipers hadworn down the marble threshold ofMohammedan mosques, and whereunclean rites had been for centuriespracticed in temples dedicated to theomscene god and goddesses of theHindu pantheon. ."The little organ, no larger thancooking stove, which was a part ofMr. Barnes' traveling equipment, andupon which the Misses Barnes placed the accompaniment of hymns offthe Christian religion in the shadowsof ancient' monuments of paganism,is well remembered. The voice ofthe evangelist, ringing with sincerity, was suggestive of the exhortations and the warnings of the Prophets. "It will be surprising to manyKentuckians to know that the graveof the Rev. George O. Barnes needsyears after his death, appropriatemarking. Evangelists ar many.There was but one Geo. 0. Barnes..The veriest scoffer at the class, thecalling or the faith respected theman's earnestness after hearing him;still more after becoming personallyacquainted with him."TWIN BROS.Department Store7th and Main Paris, Ky&5Wilmoth'sFreshHomelBaked Breads,Cakes, Pies, Etc.DailyrresiiMeats,Roasts,Steaks,Chops, Fancy Goods.FamousCoffees and TeasAN OLD PAULT FINDER.An irritable and fault finding disposition is often caused by indigestion. A man with good digestion andbowels that act regularly is usually'good natured. When troubled witnindigestion or constipation iau.eChamberlain's Tablets. Theystrengthen the stomach and enable itto perform its functions naturally.They also cause a gentle movement ofthe bowels.(adv-aug), jiKENTUCKY FAIRS.Following is a list of the Kentuckyfairs and their dates so far as havebeen reported to us:September 8 Kentucky State Fair,Louisville, 6 days.August 18 Lawrenceburg, 5 days.August 19 Shepherdsville, 4 days.August 20 Liberty, 3 days.August 20 Broadhead, 3 days.August 26 Hopkinsville, 5 days.August 21 Ewing, 3 days.August 27 Florence, 4 days.September 1 Blue Grass Fair,Lexington, 6 days.September 2 Hodgenville, 3 days.September 2 Bowling Green, 5days.September 2 Somerset, 4 days.agreed to furnish the hall, decorations and band. In all probability,however, the Armory will be pressedinto service for the occasion.That Edwin P. Morrow, Somerset,Republican nominee for Governor isnot as strong now as he was fouryears ago, when he made the race forGovernor against A. O. Stanley, wasindicated by a statement made Thursday night by J. N. Meadows, Jamestown, member of the DemocraticState Executive Committee from theEleventh District. Mr. Meadows asserted that Mr. Morrow will receivefrom 2,000 to 3,000 votes less in theEleventh District in November thanhe received four years ago. One reason for this, he said, is that Mr. Morrow opposed another term in Congress for Cabel Powers, assertingthat if Powers were nominated againhe, Morrow, would be defeated in hisrace for Governor.Neajrly all the Democratic nominees for state"" off ice attended themeeting of committeemn Thursdayand various planks for th Democratic platform were suggested.John W. Newman, of Versailles,nominee for State Commissioner ofAgriculture, made a number of suggestions, one of which, if adopted,would give the farmer representationon the State Tax Commission.Another suggestion by Mr. Newman was that the Democrats, in theirplatform, declare in favor of increasing the tax for State purposes on intangible property, reducing the statetax on real estate in proportion. Intangible property is not taxed formunicipal or county purposes, hepointed out and in lieu of this hethinks something should be addedto intangibles for state purposes.A third suggestion of Mr. Newman contemplated an amendment tothe State Constitution whereby aCommissioner of Labor would beelected along with other State officers and through which the State Superintendent of Public Instructionand the State Commissioner of Agriculture would be enabled to succeedthemselves in office.The two officers should be free ofpolitics, in the opinion of Mr. Newman. He said he would like to seeaspirants to these offices voted forby Democrats and Republicans alike.His contention is that the StateSuperintendent of Public Instructionand the State Commissioner of Agriculture are just getting to a pointwhere they can do their most effective work when the four-year termfor which they are elected expires.WILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376"WHY I PUT UP WITH RATS FORYEARS," WRITES N. WINDSOR, FARMER."Years ago I bought some rat poison, which nearly killed our nnewatchdog. It so scared us that wesuffered a long time with rats untilmy neighbor told me about RATSNAP. That's the sure rat killer anda safe one." Three sizes, 25c, 50c,?1.00.Sold and guaranteed by The Farmers Supply Co. (adv aug)oJapanese ought to practice some offrhMr well-known iuijitsu on that vi-jjcious anti-American propaganda.'sW"XyQgp The Bufck Model KStx-44 XflThree-Passenger RoadsterTHE BUICK Model K-Six-44 possesses marked advantages for theman or woman who wishes a car of limited passenger capacity, withan exceptionally roomy and comfortable driving compartment. Thisthree-passenger model makes the most of these desirable features,without sacrificing one whit of the modish appearance that belongsto the type.The body is distinctly a Buick creation, broadening out to accommodate a wide, deep seat for three, then curving in at the back toform a trim rear deck with a weatherproof carrying space for luggage.The dimensions of the driving compartment insure easy entranceor exit from either side, with the control and brake levers well forward but within easy reach. The French pleated upholstery is builtfor long wear and comfort.Inclined windshield, handsome improved top of high gradematerial, side curtains that swing open with the doors.53fxpZl I)When Better Automobiles Are Built BUICK Will Build ThemC. S. BALL GARAGEFourth and Pleasant Streets,GOmRNMENT PUTS PUNCH IN H.C. OF L. CAMPAIGN. . .WASHINGTON, Aug. 18. Indications of the real punch behind thegovernment's campaign to reduce thehigh cost of living were givenin unmistakable fashion in manycities.While Attorney General Palmerwas telling the Senate AgriculturalCommittee that he intended to proscute every dealer guilty of selling athigher prices than those listed by thefair price committees of each county,word came from Chicago, St. Louisand Birmingham of seizures of gretquantities of foodstuffs by Federalofficials, who recently were instructed to proceed under the Food ControlAct to stop hoarding. In Chicago,1,282 tubs of butter, worth $50,000were seized; in St. Louis, 284,180pounds of coffee, which has beenshowing rapid advance in price, andin Birmingham 100 barrels of sugar.MR. VAUGHN, FARMER, TELLSHOW HE LOST ALL HISPRIZE SEED CORN.Some time ago I sent away forsome pedigreed seed corn. Put it ina gunney sack and hung it on a ropesuspended from roof. Rats got it allhow, beats me, but they did, because I got 5 dead whoopers in themorning after trying RAT-SNAP."Three sizes, 25c, 50c, $1.00.Sold and guaranteed by The Farmers Supply Co. (adv aug)ATRAVELING MAN'SENCEEXPERI-KEEP YOUR MONEY AT WORKBankers estimate there are still inWyoming thousands of owners ofLiberty Bonds to whom the Government owes money. In other words,there are a lot -of people who havenot yet clipped the interest couponsoff their bonds and cashed them.They let the bonds lie untouchedwith interest money due, although ifa neighbor owed them $2.12 due ona certain date, they would be afterit with a sharp stick. As each interest day comes more and morebond owners are turning their coupons into War Savings Stamps whichpay another four per cent, compounded quarterly on the top of thebond interest.You may learn something from thefollowing by W. H. Ireland, a traveling salesman of Louisville, Ky. "Inthe summer of 1888 I had a severeattack of cholera morbus. I gave thehotel porter fifty cents and told himto buy me a bottle of Chamberlain'sColic and Diarrhoea Remedy and totake no substitute. I took a doubledose of it according to the 'directionsand went to sleep. At five o'clock thenext morning I was called by my order and took a train for my nextstopping place, a well man."(adv-aug)oA MAN AND HIS WIFEmay both derive saiisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. The,cost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.j A phone brings U3.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 Home Phone 169FREIGHT CAR RUNS WILDMILES IN 14 MINUTES.14An incident without parallel inrailioad circles occurred at Frankfort, Tuesday, when a single freightcar made the trip alone from Versailles to Cliffdale, 14 miles in 14minutes.An attempt to kick the car in aswitch at Versailles gave it the start.A defective brake prevented it frombeing stopped. Two trainmen rodethe car because they could not getoff.NEW OFFERING!$3,000,000J. C. PENNY COMPANY7 Cumulative Preferred StockCompany operates the largest chain of department stores of its kind Inthe world, maintaining 197 stores, extending into twenty-five states.PRICE 98 AND ACCRUED DIVIDEND- TO YIELD 78.Special Circular On Request.JAMES C. WILLSON & CO.210 S. FIFTH STREET LOUISVILLEMOTHER'S SHOESTRINGS SAVEDSOLDIER'S LIFE.The Home Telephone Your ServantFor Only a Few Cents Per DayLet us analyze his qualifications: He is polite, intelligent, willing,always on duty, day or night.He will instantly present to you the grocer, butcher, baker or any ofthe trades-folks, or the doctor, fire department or police In emerfcamey.He will go far beyond the confines of the town and bring to you isamazingly short time a member of the family or one of your good pros,pective customers.He will summons the railroad, boat or theatre ticket In a few aeowonds.And as to wages, he will only cost you in residence from 6 to 8c peiday; in place of business from 10 to 12c per day.Paris Home Telephone TelegraphCompany-t (Incorporated) ' " "VaiHaJ. J. Veatch, District Manager. -i. W. H. Cannon, local Manager.1Bradley Graham, about 18 yearsold, of Albany, Ky., saved his own'life while fighting in France. Hewas wounded by a shell just belowthe knee. He fell and while lyingthere thought of a bunch of shoestrings his mother had sent him.He took the shoestrings and cordedhis leg and took a stick and twistedthe shoestrings so tight that it stopped the blood. Several hours afterward he was found by the stretcherbearers. His leg was amputated andhe is now going to school in Washing.CATARRH CANNOT BE CUREDWith local applications, as theycannot reach the seat of the disease.Catarrh is a local disease, greatly influenced by constitutional conditions,and in order to cure to cure you musttake an internal remedy. Hall's Catarrh Medicine is taken Internallyand acts through the blood on themucous surfaces of the system. Hall'sCatarrh Medicine was prescribed byone of the best physicians in thiscountry for years. It is composed ofsome of the best tonics known, combined with some of the best bloodpurifiers. The perfect combination of t .the ingredients in nans uaiarraMedicine is what produces such wonderful results in catarrhal conditions.Send for testimonials, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Hall's Family Pills for constipa-,Bourbon Laundry!DAVIS & FUNK, Proprietors IWest Fifh StreetKISATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!Telephone No. 42D X2With all the latest improvements in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we arei prepared to do work mfeJ rior to none, and solicit4 your Tjatronacre.XIX1XIXIXII The Bourbon Laundry"!xiParis, Kentuckym&ivvXLtinn. ..!IXVTHE BOTTEBOU NEWS, PARIS, KEHTUCKYTUESDAY. AUGUST 19, 1919r Ylfil EIGHTe'.MILLERSBURGCall on R. M. Caldwell for "Gov--ercor'sCup Coffee." It will save youcoffee. 4. -Mrs. Emma Long, of Georgetown, is the guest of her sister, MisslMary Taylor.Miss Elizabeth Boston is improving nicely. Her temperature is nowabout normal.Mrs: Wilma Collins and children,of Tlemingsburg, are guests of theirancle and aunt, Mr. and Mrs. M. D.Hurst.Miss Mary Taylor has returnedafter a several-weeks' visit to hersister, Mrs. F. H. Creighton, at Indianapolis, Ind.r Capt. T. K. Smith and familyleli Saturday for a two-weeks' visitto his brother, Mr. Paul Smith andwife,,at Dayton, O.The funeral of Mr. Henry Patterson, who died at his home Thursdayat S:00 a. m., was conducted Sunday-at 2:00 p. m., at the Methodistchurch, by his pastor, Rev. J. W.Oardner, assisted by Dr. C. C. Fisher.""A large crowd was in attendance, and- the services in every way were veryappropriate. Mr. Patterson was oneof the popular men of our community, and a zealous member of theMethodist church. He lived for hisfamily and his church. There was"nothing else in life that affected himso much. He was a friend of thepreachers, and when a new ministercame to town Mr. Patterson was always one of the fiist to greet him,and bid him welcome. He has done3nuch for the Methodist church.Though quiet and unassuming, hewas alwajrs in his place and alwaysendeavoring to do something for the JXrpbuilding of humanity. He willcertainly be missed, and his placelard to fill in his Qhurch. The interment was in the Millersburg cemetery. A large concourse of peoplefollowed the remains to its last resting place, where they now repose beneath a bower of flowers.- Little Billie Brown, who sustained a fall some days ago, and wasconfined to his bed for a few days,is able to be out again.The most economic coffee youca use is Governor's Cup, handledT3 "v. M. Caldwell. It requires onlylaii of the amount that you ordinarily use, and is sold at 45 cents perpound. Try it once and you willsure 'try it again.o' THE BEST INSURANCE.Insure your tobacco in thebarn aglmt Fire and Windstorm withYERKES & PEED,Farmers & Traders Bank.(augl5-tfRELIGIOUS.fc . ..-HF.AT,' ESTATE TRANSACTIONS...,Mr. L. D. "Harris, of Harris &Spsakes, has purchased Col. George25. Speakes' one-fourth interest in a1xact of land containing 8 0 acres,located five miles from Mt. Sterling,dn the Grassy Lick pike.Mr. Charles N. Peddicord purchased yesterday of Mrs. Lena Parker thecottage on South Main street, newoccupied by I. F. McPheeters and'family, for $5,000. The propertyadjoins that now owned by Mr. Wm.H.-Whaley, Jr. This is one of the2nost,desirabIe homes in that sectioncl?arisrThe old Christian church buildingat North Middletown, which wasoffered at public sale Saturday, waspurchased by Mr. Davis Patrick, ofNorth Middletown, for $300. The.tenches in the old church were puriased by Mt. Sterling parties for$246, and will be used in the Mt.Sterling, court -honse.oHEaEtOICEENTUCKIAN'S ASHES TOBE HEINTEILRED INERANETOItT.Rev. Dr. E. L. Flanigan, of thePark Avenue Presbyterian church, atNorfolk, Va., occupied the pulpit atthe Paris Presbyterian church Sunday morning and Miss Mary DanHarbison sang a beautiful solo. Dr.Flanigan will conduct the prayermeeting service at the church to-morrownight.The revival beirig conducted atthe historic old Cane Ridge church,on the Cane Ridge pike, near Paris,by Rev. W. P. Crouch, pastor of theCarlisle Christian church, came to aclose Sunday night, with several additions. The meetings were attendedby large crowds, and great interestwas manifested in the services.At the Christian church Sundaymorning Eld. W. E. Ellis delivered animpressive and forceful sermon on"Pressing Toward The Mark." Atthe union service held at .the Presbyterian church Sunday night Rev.Ellis discoursed on the theme of"Character Building." Large and attentive audiences heard both discourses. Captain Joyce, chaplain with theartillery detachment visiting Parisdelivered a short sermon at the Catholic church Sunday morning. His remarks were eulogistic of the soldierand struck a responsive chord in thebreasts of his audience. ChaplainJoyes was with the American Expeditionary Forces overseas for twoyears.The evangelistic compaign in theLittle Rock Christian church was inaugurated Sunday. The pastor, Rev.Ward Russell, conducted the servicesand did the preaching. The musicwas rendered by a specially- selectedchoir under the direction of Mr. A.L. Boatright, of the Paris Christianchurch. Services will be held eachevening through the week, beginningpromtly at eight o'clock.oALAMO THEATREAFTERNOON AND EVENINGTODAY, TUESDAYSHIRLEY MASON"The Final Close Up"Lhe thought her life would be grand ifthings went for her ' 'the way the do inthe movie" but they didn't go that way!Antonio Moreno and Carol Hollowayin 'The Perils of Thunder Mountain'Also Lloyd Comedy, "Swat the Crook"The Alamo and GrandWEDNESDAYMarguerite ClarkINaCome Out of the Kitchen"This is the story of a girl who "playedcook" and captured her heart's desire inspite of her lowly position.Also a Big V Comedy'FLIPS AND FLOPS'and Bray PictographTHURSDAYLadies' DayNorma TalmadgeIN'The Way of a Woman'Also Vod-a-vil Moviesand Pathe ReviewTwo ladies will be admitted for oneticket plus 4c war tax.TODAY (THE VENETIAN SERENADERSand the Balance PLAYING and QiNniMn nRriiFSTRAof the WeekIADMISSON: Adults 31c plus 4c war tax 35c. Children and Gallery 22c plus 3c war tax-25cMATRIMONIAL.A marriage license was issuedyesterday morning from the office ofCounty Clerk Pearce Paton, to Mr.Virgil Ramsey, 21, and Miss NicieTeegarden, 21, both residents ofBracken county.AliLEN LANTER.Floyd Lanter, 26, and Miss Elizabeth Allen, 17, both of Bourboncounty, secured a marriage license inLexington, Saturday morning, andwere married in the office of Magistrate Edward F. Miner. The groomis engaged in farming near Paris.FISHER PERATT.Miss Ethel Veatch Fisher, youngest daughter of Mr. and Mrs. S. R.Fisher, of Carlisle, and Charles Oscar Peratt, son of Mr. and Mrs. J.H. Peratt, Sr., of Ewing, were married Friday afternoon at the homeof the officiating minister, Rev.Frank M. Tinder, in North Middletown. After the ceremony Mr. andMrs. Peratt returned to the home ofthe groom in Ewing.After nearly twenty-five years ofsearching, the ashes of PersleyO'Bannon, herioc Kentuckian, who is"believed to have been the first American to plan an American flag in foreign soil in Tripoli 114 years agohave been exumed and reinterred ini&e State Cemetery at Frankfort.With appropriate exercises theDaughters of the American Revolution, Wednesday, took up the O'Banndn remains and they were buriedagain, suitably marked, at Frankfort.Mrs. Martha Cochran, representingthe-Frankfort Chapter of the D. A.,,2..,. had charge of the ceremonies-which took place in the little burialSTiftmd at Pleasureville, near NewCastle.O'Bamion-was buried In the Pleas--urevillecenletery in '18 50, accordingtd the 'inscription, almost obliterated'by1 time and the elements, foundupon the small, plain slab markinghis resting place.- It was at the ancient city of Derna,Tripoli, ok the shores of the Medi' torranean Sea, in 1805, near the closeof the six-year war with Tripoli, thatCapt William Eaton, of Alexandria,Egvpt, commanding a detachment of500 men, among whom was O'Bannon, took" the fortress.There Capt. Eaton called for volunteers to plant the American andBritish flags,, and O'Bannon wasquickest of all those who responded,nd ortJ:he commission, executing it,as history relates-, successfully.HANNA-THOMPSON.The marriage of Miss Lela Hanna, of Lexington, to Mr. William C.Thompson, of Owen county, was solemnized on Saturday afternoon at thehome of the officiating minister, Rev.T. C. Ecton, in Lexington. Only twoor three witnesses were present andafter the ceremony the bride andbridegroom left for a trip. They willreside at Rockdale. Owen county, atthe home of Mr. Thompson, who is aprosperous farmer.The bride wore a traveling gownof blue serge and modish black hat.She is very handsome and attractiveand widely popular, being one of Lexington's valued graduate nurses and"a faithful worker in the Calvary Baptist church. Recently she has beenin charge of the Trachoma Hospitalat Greenville, Ky. Her parents areMr. and Mrs. William Hanna, of Harrison county, and she is the sister ofMrs. Eldridge Snapp, of Paris, Mrs.Norcoss, of Massachusetts, and Mrs.Albert Faulkner, of Lexington.oCLOSE OF THE YEAEIHTG SALESAT SARATOGA.The closing sale of yearlings atSaratoga, New York, which has beenin progress for several days, waswell attended and the prices realized were very satisfactory. Twentyfive head were disposed of under theauctioneer's -hammer, the star of thesale being the Uncle Saratoga Bellecolt, which was purchased by W. H.Karrick, for the top price of $7,000. Mr. A. B. Hancock, of Paris,made the following purchases: Chestnut filly by Uncle Helen Barbee,$1,000; Chestnut filly by Uncle LaPurcelle, ?900.DEATHS.WILSON.STOCK, CROP, ETC.A. S. Thompson & Son, of Paris,bought a choice Southdown yearlingram for $120 from W. W. Noble, ofBoston, Ohio. The animal was shipped to Mr. Thompson's farm nearAllensville, Ala., to be used forbreeding purposes. They recentlysold four Southdown yearling rams,for $140 and five to W. D. Cowley,of Tennessee, for $160.Mr. Edward L. Wilson, agedsixty-six, died at his home on the oldCoulthard's Mill pike, near Paris, atten o'clock Sunday night, after ashort illness. He is survived by hiswidow, Mrs. Parmelia Fryman Wilson, tw.o daughters, Misses Nora andVerna Belle Wilson, and one brother,Mr. D. E. Wilson, of Hooktown, inNicholas county.The funeral will be held at the Mt.Pleasant church, in Harrison county,this (Tuesday) morning at eleveno'clock, with services conducted byRev. Wm. Wright. The burial willfollow in the Mt. Pleasant Cemetery.PICKRELL.Mrs. Margaret Pickrell, agedseventy-nine, a former resident ofBourbon county, died recently at thehome of her son, Dr. Ben Pickrell, inSpokane, Washington. Mrs. Pickrellmoved from Bourbon county aboutforty years ago, and located inSpringfield, 111., where her husbandwas in charge of the publication ofthe American Shorthorn Herd Book.Mrs. Pickerell leaves three sons andthree daughters.Mrs. Pickerell was a sister of thelate Mr. Ben. F. Bedford, of nearParis, and an aunt of Silas E. Bedford, Edward F. Bedford and Ben F.Bedford and Mrs. Nathan Bayless,all of Paric. The funeral and burialtook place at Mechhanicsburg, Iowa.CRAB ORCHARD SPRINGS HOTELCHANGES OWNERSHIPThe Crab Orchard Springs Hotel,with eighty-five acres of land, hasbeen sold by Mrs. J. B. Willis and T.Chenault Willis, of Nicholasville, toa corporation composed of Joe S.Haselton, of Lancaster, G. B. Reynolds, of Stanford, Lee Dekle and J.G. Mackey, of Tampa, Fla., I. M. Fickering, of Pittsburg, and H. G. Skiles,of Crab Orchard.The purchase price was $75,999,and the company will be incorporated at once with a capital stock of$150,000. The purchase includes ,theCrab Orchard, grove and field iron,chalybeate and magnesia springs,and marks the first change of management in nineteen years, duringwhich "Ma" Willis has motheredthousands of persons from everycounty in the State and every Statein the Union.Possession will be given October1, and extensive repairs and improvements will be made with an initial expenditure of $100,000. Fromfifty to seventy-five rooms will be added, with baths, the lake will beenlarged, row boats and canoes willbe purchased and the roads leadingfrom the hotel to the lake will berebuilt with concrete.The house in which General TomKennedy and his slave, Uncle Tom,the leading characters in "UncleTom's Cabin," lived, still stands nearthe hotel. The old colonial mansion,at which Mrs. Harriet Beacher Stowevisited, is in an excellent state ofpreservation. It is twelve miles fromGrand Opera HouseTONIGHTDomingo's Filipino SerenadersWill Present"A NIGHT IN THE PHILIPPINES"PERFORMANCE STARTS AT 8:15ADMISSION: Adults, 45c plus 5c war tax 50c. Children and Gallery, 22c plus 3c war tax 25c.Crab Orchard Springs on the Lancaster road and Paint's Like pike.There is not a negro within fiftymiles of the place who would notdetour for as many more to avoid the"haunts" which it is believed hoverabout. General Kennedy's greatgranddaughter, Miss Martha Kavanaugh, is now a guest at the Springs.oGET 'EM WHILE IT'S HOT GENUINE PALM BEACH SUITSMILLION - DOLLAR MASONICDBIVE GOING GOOD.Genuine Palm Beach Suits, $8to ?12.Straw Hats, $1 to $6.White Shoes, $2 to $5.Save money and keep cool.Jj. WOLLSTEIN,(8-tf) 619 Main Street)Grand Master W. C. Black, of theKentucky Grand Lodge of Masons,conferred with G. Allison Holland,head of the million-dollar drive for) the Masonic Widows' and Orphans'Home, at Louisville, recently, aboutj the progress of the campaign. GrandMaster Black's home is at Barbour-ville."Good progress is being made inthe drive," said Mr. Holland, who hasjust returned from an extended tripto the West. "We expect to get thewhole sum contemplated subscribedbefore the first of January."HENRY.Friends and relatives in thiscity received news of the death inLouisville last weekof Capt. HughHenry, a former resident of this city,and a gallant ex-Confe"defate soldier,who served through the four years ofthe Civil War with distinction. Capt.Henry was in his seventy-eighth yearat the time of his death, which occurred at the Confederate Home atPewee Valley.Capt. Henry was a native of thiscounty, having been born near LittleRock, where his parents resided ona large farm. He received the rudiments of his early education in thecounty schools of his time, and cameto Paris to reside. When the warcame on he enlisted in the Confederate service as a member of Co. H.,Fourth Mounted Infantry, OrphanBrigade. When the captain of thecompany was killed in battle Henrywas chosen by a vote of the membersas his successor. This rank he helduntil the close of the war, when hereturned to Paris to reside. He wasin business here for a time, and sometime after was made a member of theParis police force, serving with thethen Chief of Police James Mernaugh. In this capacity he made afaithful and fearless official, neverhesitating to do his duty. He was aman of geneious impulses and had ahost of friends here who regret tolearn of his passing away. Duringthe larger part of their residence ini Paris, Capt. Henry and family occupied a cottage at the corner of Pleasant and Eighth streets, the site ofwhich is now occupied by the homeof Mrs. John A. Schwartz.Capt. Henry's wife preceded himto the grave many years ago. He issurvived by two sons, Percy Henryand Frank Henry, both of Louisville.The funeral was held in the chapel atthe Confederate Home at Pewee Valley, Thursday, with services conducted by the chaplain of the Home. Theburial followed in Cave Hill Cemetery, in Louisville.HAIL INSURANCE.Hail insurance on tobacco.Thomas, Woodford & Bryanjune24-tf)births;On Fiiday night, in this city, toMr. and Mrs. Whittington Mann, ofPleasant street, a daughter, christened Mary Wilson Mann.i Detroit, Mich., to the wife ofMr. Lynn Lail, formerly of Paris, ason; christened James Gano Lail.Mrs. Lail was formerly Miss MaryAmmerman, of Cynthiana.ANOTHER WEEKOf the Great Money-SavingP EM OUT SALESWEEAnother week of phenomenal bargains; another week ofunheard-of values. Many are buying now for future as wellas present needs buying now because they appreciatethese wonderful values and realize that shoe prices have-greatly advanced and are going higher.By taking advantage of this opportune SaleBy buying Shoes now for the entire familySAVE and avoid the inevitable higher prices for FallWomen's Gun Metal and PatentKid Oxfords and PumpsCuban and low heels, mostly small sizes,.$3.00; $4.00 and $5.00 valuesWomen's Canvas OxfordsTrimmed rubber sole, low heel, all sizes,$2 DO values, at$122$1JLadies' dark, tan, black, patent kid Q QCPumps, Louis heel, $5.00 values pK0Ladies, Satin and Grey Oxfords, Louis andCuban heel, custom made 6.00 fri jrvalues at pr.TcDLadies' White Canvas Boots, Oxfords andPumps, also Black Kid Pumps, Louis andlow English heel. All sizes. $4.00 (jo devalues at . "DLadies' White Canvas Oxfords and Pumps,also Black Kid. High and low heel. do A n$3.50 values at $&AvLadies' White Canva3 Pumps, Cuban andhigh heel, also Black Kid. $3.60values at$1.95Men's Mahogany Tan English and Broad ToeOxfords and Shoes, Wa to-Over and dr nr.other famous makes, $7.00 values. . . yDDMen's Patent Kid and Russian Tan (to nrEnglish Oxfords, $5.00 values at.. . . $00Men's Gun Metal Oxfords and Shoes, to nnwelts, $4.50 values at l.VV$3.50 Boys' Gun Metal and Tan-LaceOxfords, welts $2.49$2.50 Boys' Gun Lace Shoes, 2.50values at$1.79$4.00 Misses' Tan Eng. Oxfords .... $2.99Misses' Canvas Shoes and Slippers,$2.00 values at$1.49Children's Canvas Shoes and Slippers,$1.50 values at 99cBarefoot Sandals, $1.25 values at.85cNo Charges or ApprovalsDuring This Sale.Substantial Reductions in All Other High Grade Shoes and Low CutsDAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe Store Where Beauty and Economy Reignt- - - t-