rry .ifTHExVNEWS- :-'P'PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND ERPWY IN THE YEAR.-VOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, MAY 9, 1919BOURBONHE(PROTEST AGAINST TAXATIONVALUES IN BOURBONA committee composed of Prof. E.M. Costello, Judge George Batterton,D. C. Parrish and John J. Redmon,went to Frankfort yesterday to makea protest against the increased assessment of Bourbon county landsand town lots, and to ask for a further reduction in the assessment.The committee appeared before StateTax Commissioner A. J. Scott andentered a formal protest and appeal.gome time ago the State Boardmade an increase on lands and townlots in this county of $6,000,000.JWlien a mass meeting of citizenswas held and a committee sent toFrankfort to protest against suchan. enormous increase the Commissionallowed a reduction of $1,250,000.The committee is now of the opinionthat the former reduction is insufficient to equalize the taxable propertyof this county with the taxes ofother countiesrand asked for anotherdecrease of $500,000.COLORED DEMOBILIZATION CONFERENCE IN PROGRESS HEREThe first sessions of the Domobilization Conference, under the auspices of the National War Councilof the Y. M. C. A. and the State Y.M. C. A., was begun in this city atthe St. Paul's M. E. Church yesterday morning and will continuethrough to-day, closing at 4:30o'clock. The work is in charge of C.L Harris, of Louisville, engaged inY. M. C. A. work among me coloredboys of the State, assisted by Prof.F. M. Wood, of Paris, principal' ofthe Western High School, and E. J.Martyn, local Secretary.The object of the conference is tobring all the forces of Paris andBourbon county together preachera, teachers, busines men and women, soldiers and sailors to discussplans for the betterment of the people generally. The returned soldiers and those in the various training camps are to be especial guestsof the conference. Community singing is to be one of the features of themeeting. Bishop's Orchestra willalso furnish appropriate music foroccasion. There will be no admissioncharge.COTTONSEED MEAL.Swift's Digester Tankage 60Protein for Hogs. . .Swift's High t3rade Fertilizer for.Tobacco.8-tf ) CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.FRAN K& CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSWatch Our WindowsFRIDAYandv SATURDAYiSILKDRESSESGEORGETTE ANDSILK$15.00FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERS.Automobile Delivery v-INDEPENDENT TOBACCO WAREHOUSE CO. ELECTS DIRECTORSAt a recent meeting of the stockholders of the New Independent Tobacco Warehouse in this city, theold Board of Directors was re-electedand the names of Duke Smith andTollie Young added. The Boardas at present constituted is asfollows:M. R. Jacoby, Wm, H. Whaley, W.A. Thomason, Edsell Clarke, Jos.Leach, Harry B. Clay, Dan W. Peed,James McClure, Charles C. Clarke,Tollie Young, Duke Smith and SamHouston.Within the next thirty days thecompany will begin work on theerection of their new brick saleswarenouse, near the site of the present house.REPUBLICAN MASS MEETING ATCOURT HOUSE TO-MORROWThe Republicans of Bourbon county will meet in mass convention atthe Bourbon county court house, inthis city, to-morrow (Saturday) afternoon at two o'clock, to select delegates to the Republican State convention, which will be held in Lexington on Wednesday, May 14. Thecall was issued under the authorityof County Chairman N. A. Moore.The basis of representation will beone delegate for each one hundredvotes or fraction thereof amountingto fifty or over, cast for the Republican candidate for President at the1916 general election.This gives Bourbon county twenty delegates.oRUGS AND CARPETS CLEANEDIN MODERN STYLEDon't worry about your rugs. Letus clean and refinish them. Newand modern machinery just installedfor that purpose. Ask those whohave tried our plant.(6-tf) LEVY, THE DRY CLEANER.K. OF C. EMBLEMS.Just rectived large selectionsff Knights of Columbus Emblems In Pins, Cfiarms andRings.SHIRE &7ITHWI.(may 6-2 1)KENTUCKY "GOES OVER."Kentucky is one of two Statesofficially announced by the TreasuryDepartment as having oversubscribed their quotas of the Victory Loan,Wednesday."Connecticut is the other State....sfINTERESTING OIL NOTESThe Co-operating Land & Development Company, one of the big oilconcerns of Paris, received a wireWednesday to the effect that well No.1, on the Davis Wolfendbarger lease!in Estill county, near the Lee countyline, was drilled in and flowing fiftybarrels a day.The Bachelor Oil Company, whichis represented in this city, broughtin its No. 7 well on the Sallie Davisfarm in Lee county Tuesday. Afterthe drill had penetrated the sandseven feet the hole filled with oil toa depth of 700 feet. This well -isgood for 125 barrels, or better.That the interest in oil 4s notwaning in this city is manifested bythe large attendance at the-sales onthe different exchanges each night.The open sessions attract largecrowds, and the stocks of the variouscompanies go through the process oftransaction from seller to purchaser.The oil business is getting to be agreat game in Paris.Dr. F. P. Campbell, of Paris, received Wednesday the following telegram from El Paso, Texas, regarding the Ranger Oil district:"El Paso, Texas, May 7."Close prospects immediately.Ranger Central prospects sold out,but will try to fill orders wired thisweek, accompanied by cash. Stockmay be worth ten for one in elevendays."JESSE F. KENNEDY."Among the recently returned soldiers who have been in overseas service for several months, in France, isSergt. Merrit J. Slicer. Sergt. Slicer, who is a son of Mr. and Mrs.A. L. Slicer, of Paris, was at CampUpton, N. Y., for about ten days,from which point he mailed his parents a German helmet and a gasmask, which he captured following abattle in which the Huns werebeaten. Sergt. Slicer is at present atCamp Taylor, where he will receivehis final discharge papers and returnto his home in Paris.The Lee-Kent Oil Company, Paris,and capitalized at ?500,000, is making preparations to begin drilling onits new purchase in the Big Sinkingdistrict, within the next few days. Atthe present time this company hastwo wells on the pump, and several'locations made for the new wellsthat will be drilled within the nextfew weeks. This company is onlyone month old, but owns four leasesin proven territory and one royaltylease on the Millie Freeman tract,which places the company on a dividend paying basis. It is the presentplan of the company not to pay a dividend before July 1.The Old Rosebud Oil & Gas Company, a new one to enter the game inKentucky, is preparing to move amachine to the Mitchell lease of theMoss St John farm, in Lee county.This company iscomposed largely ofParis business men and was recentlygranted a Delaware charter.It is capitalized at $500,000.Among the directors are C. G. Daugherty, O. L. Davis, Wallace Mitchell,Harry B. Clay, J. W. Young, W. C.Bell, Oscar Hinton, C. L. Harris, F.P. Thompson, William Shire andGeorge D. Speakes. It is authentically reported that the company isnegotiating for a slice off one of themost productive leases in the BigSinking district of Lee county.PARIS MEN 'STUDYING MAYSVTLT.E'S BRICK STREETSCouncilman John Merringer andMr. Robert S. Porter were in Maysville, Tuesday, where they spent theday as guests of city officials and thenewspaper men. Messrs. Merringerand Porter inspected Maysville'sbrick streets and were very enthusiastic in their praise of the appearance of that public utility.They were told by the Maysvilleofficials that the best investmentMaysville ever made was the brickstreets and that not a citizen in thecity would be willing to have anyother kind put down. They werefurnished with facts and figures pertaining to the cost of constructionand maintenance of the brick streets,and with data to prove their greatusefulness to the city. They weretaken over the city in an automobile trip of inspection, and shown allthe points of interest.Council Merringer is the authorof the ordinance for paving certainstreets in Paris with brick, whichcame up for discussion some time agoin the Paris City Council, and whichcame up last night for further discussion. Mr. Merringer says if Maysville'sstreets could be seen by every citizenof Paris, tand they could see for themselves how durable they are, eventhose at present opposed to themwould become convinced and converted. D. A. R. MEETING.The regular meeting of JemimaJohnson Chapter, Daughters ofAmerican Revolution, will be heldthis afternoon at 2:30 o'clock, atthe home of Misses Lilleston, onHiggins avenue. Mrs. Wade H.Whitley and Mrs. Sanford M. Allen,who were delegates to the NationalConvention, held in Washington, D.C, will be present, and read theirreports of the proceedings of the National body.REL ESTATE TIANSACTHONSAt the sale held in Mt. Sterling bythe Wakefield-Davis Realty Co., ofShelbyville, the property of AbnerGreen was disposed of in the presence of a large crowd. The biddingwas slow. The residence was sold toHarry L. Mitchell, of Paris, for ?6,125. The front lots sold for an average of $125, the rear ones bringing ?75. Eleven acresof tobaccoland at the back of the tract brought?260 an acre.Ford & Co., purchased this week ofMr. and Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft, avacant lot on Pleasant street, adjoining the blacksmith and machineshops of Kerslake & Son, at a privateprice. The lot will be used by thepurchasers' as a place for storage ofdrain pipe and other goods. The vacant lot on Third street, in the rearof the Kerslake shops, was also soldby Mr. and Mrs. Hutchcraft, the purchaser being E. F. Spears & Sons,the price paid not being given outfor puBTication. It is said thatSpears & Sons will erect a brickgarage on the lot, which is beingcleared of debris. The lot is the oneon which the big brick warehouse ofR.. B. Hutchcraft stood and whichwas burned many years ago.oBUSY DAYS IN THE RED CROSSSEWING ROOMS.An urgent appeal has been madeto the members of the Paris ChapterRed, Cross to help in the completionof from 250 to 300 garments by May14. The Red Cross sewing rooms inthe basement of the court house willbe used for the purpose to-day andto-morrow.Any woman who is willing to sew-may take the work home with herif she prefers, but the garments mustbe finished the date named. Kentucky's quota is placed at 80,000, andis nearly ready.AT blE PARIS GRAND AND THEALAMO.To-day, Friday, May 9 DorothyDalton in "Hard Boiled;" PearlWhite, in "The Lightning Raider;"Hearst News.To-morrow, Saturday, May 10Pauline Frederick, -in "The WomanOn the Index;" Smiling Bill Par-,rr i-nJ"-A ATnRf-pr nf Miisinr" Hnr-pfffi&Rverits.Mbnday, May 12 Nazimova, m"Revelation;" Mary Pickford, in"Hulda From Holland;" ParamountSennett Comedy, "Cupid's Day Off."oPREPARING TO ATTEND THE0WENSB0R0 MEETINGMembers of Richard Couer de LionCommandery N. Z"6, of Paris, expectto attend the annual conclave of theorder, which is to be held at Owensboro, May 21-22. The local commandery will probably send a largedelegation.The Covington commandery haschartered a boat and will bringabout 100 Knights and about thirtyladies, who will be "housed" on theboat during the conclave. This commandery will bring Smittie's bandfrom Cincinnati. The De MolayCommandery from Louisville willcome on a special train, bringingthe commanderies from Lebanon,Danville, Marion, and Lexington.There will be more than 500 visitorsin the city,oWOOL WANTED.Will pay highest market price.Call, get sacks and twine. Sacks furnished free.R. B. HUTCHCRAFT & CO.(22-5t)o-CLASS IN AGRICULTURE AT THEPARIS HIGH SCHOOL.Advanced farming methods wereexplained to the members of theParis City High School class in Agriculture at their recent meeting inthe High School auditorium by Dr.Fred Mutchler, of the AgricuturalExperiment Station of the State University. A special meeting of theclass will be held at the same placeto-morrow (Saturday) morning. Thiswill be the last meeting of the classbefore the teachers' examinations,which will be held on May 16 and 17.All the teachers of the county arerequired by a State law to pass thisexamination on agriculture beforethey can contract to teach any public school. The teachers are electedthe first Saturday in June, therefore,to be eligible, they must take the ex-examination in agriculture will beexamination in agrirluture will bethe last subjeht on Saturday or tneree-slar teachers' examination, whichwill take place about two o'clock Saturday afternoon.All the teachers are especmuyurged to meet at the jfans-.o.isuSchool at nine 4clock to-morrow(Saturday) morning, for tne iabtmPPtinir of the class. A special instructor from the State University atLexington will be present to conductthe class.- QNOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.Cumberland 'phone No. 666 hashoo-n removed trom tne louisvine& Nashville dispatchers' officeniarp.d in the local ticket office.andThepublic can now get lull and accurateinformation over? this 'phone concerning ticket rates, "connections, and. arrival and. departure of trains.HOPES TOR SOLUTION OF THE"DAM" MATTER REVIVED.The people of this city, as well asthose of other cities who are readersof THE NEWS and other county papers, have heard a great deal regarding the building of a new dam at theParis Milling Company's plant, to replace the old one fast falling intodecay and disrepute. At divers timeshopes that a solution of the difficultywould be arrived at and the damwould be a thing of reality, wouldbe dashed to earth by the refusal ofsome of the parties to come to adefinite understanding with the others. Now it seems that the matterwill be finally settled. "An agreement had been reachedfor a conference of representativesof the interested parties to be heldin the office of Mayor E. B. January,Wednesday. This meeting was held,when it developed that the plans andspecifications for the new structure,would pot be ready until to-morrow.At that time the contract will be letto the Louisville & Nashville Railroad Company. A large force ofworkmen will be put to work, andthe new dam will be completed within thirty days from the first day construction work is started. Thosepresent at the conference Wednesdaywere Mayor E. B. January, representing the City" of Paris; SherwoodWilliams, representing the Louisville& Nashville Railroad Compnay, asconstructing and consulting engineer; Mr. E. M. Dickson, legal representative for the Paris Water Company, and Judge Denis Dundon, representing the Paris Milling Company.It has been estimated that the newdam will cost in the neighborhood of$13,5 0Q, one-half of which sum is tobe paid by the Paris Water Company,,and one-half by the Paris MillingCompany. Both parties to the transaction have agreed that the Louisville & Nashville Railroad is to havecharge of the construction work. ToCouncilman John Merringer is uue alarge part of the credit for securinga definite settlement of the question,as he has worked long and faithfullyto bring the interested parties together for the purpose.oHELLO, MR. FARMER; NO NEEDTO GO "ELSEWHERE.".Fine line of pony and large buggies, feed baskets, all kinds of autotires jELnd accessories. Automobilecylinder oil, 60 cents per gallon.(It) FARMERS' SUPPLY CO.ATTENTION! KNIGHTSCOLUMBUS.OFEvery Knight should have acharm, button or stick pin. Seeour beautiful line before buying. Any special design madeup at your suggestion.THE A. J. WINTERS CO.(may 6-tf)WE KNOW HWBLUE SERGESUITSOf Real ValueYOU WILL FIND AT OUR STORE SERGE SUITS THATARE ABSOLUTELY PAST COLOR. NOT THE KIND THATLOSE THEIR SHAPE AND BECOME BAGGY AND ILLPITTING AFTER A PEW WEEKS' WEAR. REAL VALUESIN STEIN-BLOCH AND MICHAEL STERNS FINE CLOTHES,AT PRICES WITHIN REACH OF ALL$25.00 to $50.00' NOTHING NICER FOR SUMMER WEAR THAN A BLUESERGE. WE HAVE MANY DESIRABLE PATTERNS INFANC SUITINGS BLACK AND WHITE CHECKS, SHEPARD. PLAIDS, TANS, GREYS AND FANCY GREENS; SNAPPY STYLES FOR THE YOUNG FELLOW PANEL ' BACK,CLOSE FITTING COATS SLANTING POCKETS, EXTREMEENGLISH CUT TROUSERS! 'MITCHELL & BLAKEMORENettfeton ShoesDr. Reed's Cushion Sole ShoesManhattan ShirtsStetson HatsPAYDeciding the case of P. J. Millett'sexecutor against the Commonwealth,the Appellate Court reversed in partand affirmed in part the judgment ofthe Bourbon Circuit Court.Through the State revenue agent,Wilton S. Byars, a suit was instituted against the estate of Millett tocollect alleged back taxes due theState and Bourbon county for omitted personal property owned by Millett. There was no dispute as to theamount 'of personal property, butthere was a dispute as to Millett'sresidence. The years in which theproperty is alleged to have been,omitted from assessment were from1911 to 1916 inclusive. The totalvalue of the property for the timeis $231,996.Although Millett lived in Bourbon,county he always registered at-the-hotelas being from Knoxvilje, Tanwhere his mother and sister lived."He had a lot in the cemetery in thatcity in which he had "Millett" engraved in large letters on the centermonument. Furthermore, Millettnever v6ted in Bourbon county, al-rthough he owned a large farm in thecounty-The Court decided that Millett'sdomicile was in Bourbon county andthat he must pay taxes on the omitted property for the years given in.that county.TO HOLDJOINT COMMENCEMENTS. At a meeting of the BourbonCounty Board of Education, held inthe office of Superintendent of County Schools J. B. Caywood, it wasdecided to affiliate with the Paris CityBoard of Education in holding ajoint commencement for all Bourboncounty school children who completethe eighth grade work.During the past six months theteachers in Bourbon county havebeen working in connection withSuperintendent Caywood, of thecounty schools, and SuperintendentKirkpatrick, of the Paris City Schoolsin an effort to get all the Bourboncounty children who are prepared totake the county diploma examinationon May 9 and 10. The purpose ofthe campaign is to stimulate interest in high school work so that thepupils will be better prepared forcollege education. This will be thefirst commencement of the kind everheld in the county.Teachers all over the county areexpected to bring every child in forexamination whom they feej are prepared to takeit. The examinationthis year will be held at the ParisCity School buliding Friday and Saturday, May 9 and 10, and will begin to-day at 8 : 3 0 a. m. Parents are.urged to have their children in ontime.RVMILLET ESTATE MUSEBOURBON TAXES.IIIVvvt&v-?AGE TWOTHE BOUBBOff NEWS, PABIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, MAY 9. 1919.itmrfIh:i1i Iii iA SUE WHY TO CUTYOUR SHOE EUPBBE"It has been quite an expense toJccep my boy in shoes because he isvery hard on them. But since wearingshoes with Neolin Soles his shoe billhas been reduced 66," says J.Allison Allen of Amity, Arkansas.On the importance of Neolin Solesas a -money saving factor there are' thousands of parents who agree withMr. Allen. Because Neolin Soles giveextra wear where most shoes wear outquickest, they cut your shoe bills down.Ask for Neolin-soled shoes whennext new shoes are needed, either foryourself or for your children. You canget them at any good shoe store. Andtake your worn shoes to the repair shopand' have them re-bottomed withNeolin Soles.Remember these soles are createdby Scienc&'.to be waterproof and comfortable, as well as long wearing. Theyarcrtnade by The Goodyear Tire &Rubber Co., Akron, Ohio, who alsomake Wingfoot Heels guaranteed tooutwear all other heels.fleolin SolesMargolen'sSanitary Meat MarrketPUREHOGLARD30cPoundRtf 0 ' iij 1Sanitary Meat MarketJ)rv Coover & WatsonVETERINARIANS,Successors to Dr. H. M. Hamilton.)Both Phones 347.Office, Bourbon Garage,(lapr-lnio-pd)MIRGOLEN'SHere! s the big work, littlecost tractor the Titan iTHE Titan 10-20 has been on the market foryears, and has made good without reservation,j 10 horsepower at the draw bar 20 horsepowerat the belt.A well-balanced tractor that is suited to all farmpower work. It drives easily, affords ma:timum pulling power for its weight, and is suited in every way to ;the general run of farm work. Not too large for thesmall farm, yet large enough to handle a great volumeof work.Use it with anI XT rAvm fT on 4 ttiaf Trmilr your Titan tractor because it means the best plowingunder all conditions. The combined rolling coulterand jointer buries all trash and weeds at the bottomI of the furrow ; the stop device maintains an even depth1 of furrow; the plow points enter and leave the groundi first; making it possible to plow clear to the ends of the' field; .and the trip rope control operates easily fromthe driver's seat on the tractor.We have a full line of Oliver plows as well as theuTitan tractor here at our salesroom.C. S. BALL GARAGE' MliEDERICK A. WATT.TS BOOSTSVICTORY LOAN IN NEW YOKEBreaking all records for subscriptions received at Liberty Loan rallies, an audience at the Hippodrome,in New York City, Sunday night,subscribed for $11,250,000 worth ofVictory notes.The largest subscription of thenight was one from the group of capitalists, when $7,500,000 was subscribed at the Metropolitan OperaHouse rally.The largest subscription of thenight was one from a group of capitalists, with Deputy Police Commissioner Frederick A. Wallis, formerlyof Paris, (Ky.) as their spokesman.They took $2,060,000 of the notes.Members of the group included Chas.E. Sabin, William K. Vanderbilt, Jr.,Elbert H. Garry, Chauncy M. Depew,W. S. Goodwin, Nicholas F. Bradyand William Wood word.ALWAYS BELIABLEParis Experiences Going Back ForSix Years.Kidney weakness can be cured.But what caused it once will causeit again.Here's a Paris woman who has hadseveral attacks.Several times in four years Mrs.Newman has used Doan's KidneyPills.She says that Doan's have neverfailed her.Six years ago Mrs. Newman publicly endorsed Doan's.She now confirms her statement.What better proof of merit?Proved by years of experience.Told by Paris people.This is convincing testimony:Mrs. G. W. Newman, East Tenthstreet, says: "I had backaches andheadaches and at times was verynervous. My kidneys were weak andinactive. I heard about Doan's Kidney Pills and used them and theysoon had me feeling better in everyway."Mrs. Newman gave the above account of her experience with Doan'sKidney Pills on January 17, 1912,and on November 9, 1916, she said:"I still use Doan's Kidney Pills attimes when I find it necessary. Ihave always received the same goodresults, although I do not have somuch trouble as I used to."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'fsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Newman had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)INTERTTEBAN SCHEDULEvjCARS LEAVELexington ForParis ForLexingtonA. M. 6:45PansA. M.6.00x7:208:50A. M.A. M.A. M.A. M.7:15x8:159:45A. M. 10:20A. M.A. M. 11.50A. M. 11:15P. M. 12:45P. M.P. M.1:202:594:206:007:209:10P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.2:153:455:156:508:15P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M. 11:00P. M. 10:05(x) Daily except Sunday.KENTUCKY TRACTION AND TERMINAL COMPANYOliver Plowilea fi Hliiroo -1"vrr nt4-1ONLY 9,000,000 GALLONS OPWHISKEY NQW LEFTOver 9,000,000 gallons of whiskeyremain in bonded warehouses of theSeventh Internal Revenue District,it was stated Saturday, and it is believed that when prohibition goesinto effect July 1 several hundredthousand over 8,000,000 gallons willstill be held. What will be done withit is problem the revenue men arepuzzling over.Tax has been paid on 315,000 gallons in withdrawals in March, butthe figures are not complete forApril.. Calculators, however, say theamount was less than in .March. Atthe beginning of the last fiscal yearSeventh District warehouses held16,696,516 gallons. The amountwithdrawn up to April 1 was 7,3250,970 gallons, less allowance for leakage. oCAUSE OE HEADACHEBy knowing the cause, a diseasemay often be avoided. This is particularly true of headache. Themost common cause of headache is adisordered stomach or constipation,which may be corrected by taking afew doses of Chamberlain's Tablets.Try it. Many others have obtainedpermanent relief by taking thesetablets. They are easy to take andmild and gentle in effect.(may-adv)oThe meat-packing plants in Canada employ over 1,200 women in various capacities.oJamaica expects to import thisyear 227,500 barrels of flour, chieflyfrom this country.Lady Canvassers Wanted.Four alert and attractive ladiesfor canvassing. Address, "X. Y. Z."care THE BOURBON NEWS.(6-2t)For SaleNew Ford Roadster.JOHN M. STUART,At Blue Grass Oil Exchange, Inc.(6-tf) Main St., Paris, Ky.Used Fords For Sale.One Ford touring car and one Fordroadster, both in A-l condition.OAKLAND MOTOR SALES CO.108 Tenth Street, Paris, Ky.(6-3t)Auto For SaleFive-passenger Cadillac Eight, inline condition. Call on or address,GEO. R.' DAVISvNo. 20 Fifth St., Paris, Ky.Phones 137. (6-tf)Girls Wanted50 white girls and women to selectturkey feathers. All year work. Verydesirable environment. Opportunityto make splendid wages.Apply Dow Building, 201 MainStreet.(6-2t) FEATH1IR PRODUCTS CO.FOR RENT.House, stable, garden and cow lot,on Cypress street. Immediate possession. (29-tf) DR. F. P. CAMPBELL.Alfalfa and StockFarmsIn the famous Black Prarie Belt ofNortheastern Mississippi, rangingfrom 50 to 2,000 acres. Write forliterature and prices.Mississippi 'i'ann Sales Agency,(6-2t) Columbus, Miss.FOR SALE ATLAST!vThe real estate firm of Thompson & Downs, at Taylorsvlile,Ky., have at last succeeded ingetting on their list for sale,among many others, one of thefinest farms in Kentucky, containing 350 acres 160 acres ingrass, 115 acres in wheat, thebest in the county and the balance has been in clover, and isnow being plowed, a great partof which has been plowed earlyThis land is in a high state 6fcultivation. It has the finesthome in Nelson county, an eightroom residence, beside hall,porches, etc., all fitted up withelectric lights, water works,bath, toilet; is furnace-heated,and is modern in every respect.The place has a very fine cattlebarn with 120 individual stalls;lots of shed and loft room; hastwo large tile silos that willhold 330 tons; one of the finestcemented graineries in theState; an eight-acre tobaccobarn, an extra good one; barnshave lights and water; three ,extra good tenant houses, withall good outbuildings with each;good fencing all over the place;good orchard an plenty of goodwater. Price right. Address,THOMPSON & DOWNSReal Estate Agents, 'Taylorsville, Ky.1 WE 7Al 1E,J1IUN.!Sick.To do your duty..-- . l 11uraes your neaimconsideration. These two womentell how they found health.Hellam, Pa. "I took Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound for female troubles and a displacement. I felt all run down and was very weak.I had been treated by a physician without results,so decided to give Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compounda trial, and felt better right away. I am keeping housesince last April and doing all my housework, where beforeI was unable to do any work. Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound is certainly the best medicine a woman cantake whenin this condition. I give you permission to publishthis letter ." Mrs. E. E. Crttmling, E. To. 1, Hellam, Pa.Lowell, Mich. "I suffered from cramps and draggingdown pains, was irregularand had femala weakness anddisplacement. I began to take Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound which gave me relief at once and restoredmy health. I should like to recommend Lydia E. Pinkham'sremedies to all suffering women who are troubled in a similar way." Mrs. Elise Heim.E.Ko. 6, Box 83, Lowell, Mich.Why Not TryLYDIA E. PINKHAM SVEGETABLE COMPOUNDFound.On the streets of Paris, a gentleman's gold watch. Owner call on E.F. Ramey, 558 Vine street, proveproperty and pay for advertisement.Cottage For Sale.Has four rooms, hall, front andback porches, storage room, waterin kitchen, electric lights and gas.This is a desirable little home andcentrally located. A bargain if soldquick. Easy terms.D. Y. L. FARLEY.(29-3t) Both Phones 48.The J. W. BrownRealty Co.Masonic Temple, 211 Main Street,Paris. Kentucky.List your Farms and City Propertywith us. . Call on us if you have anything to dispose of at Public Auction.E. T. Phone 831. (tf)Master's Sal-OF-Real Estate!BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Bourbon-Agricultural Bank &Trust Company, Guardian . . PlaintiffVs. NOTICE OF SALERussell Frank DefendantUnder and by virtue of a judgmentand order of sale rendered at theMarch term of the Biurbon CircuitCourt in the above styled actiontherein pending, the undersignedMaster Commissioner, onSaturday, May 17, 1919,at the front door of the Court House,in Paris, Kentucky, at about the hourof 11 o'clock a. m., will sell at public auction to the highest and bestbidder, the following described property: The said property was originally two lots and was formerly owned and occupied by theDeposit Bank of Paris, Kentucky, as a bank building andplace of residence of its cashier. The said real estate wasconveyed to the said bank inlots, one fronting 44 feet onBroadway and running back toChurch street and fronting onChurch street "44 feet, and wasconveyed to the Deposit Bankof Paris, by Thomas Mitchellby deed recorded in said officein Deed Book 47, page 418.The second lot adjoins the aboveand extended from High streetto Church street, and was conveyed to said bank by Joel K.Lyle, by deed recorded in saidoffice in Deed Book 52, page471.Said sale will be made upon thecredits of ix and twelve months, thepurchaser or purchasers being required to execute their two salebonds due six and twelve monthsfrom date of sale respectively, andbearing interest at the rate of sixper cent per annum, with good suretyto be approved by the Commissioner,and having the force and effect ofjudgments.Said sale is made for the purposeof reinvestment.O. T. HINTON,, Master Commissioner.J l.J V ,Womenduring these trying111 msnouia oe your nrsc4LYDIA E.P1NKHAMNew Exchange TelephoneRates Effective May 1, 1919A new schedule of telephone exchange rates hecome effective in Paris, Millersburg, North Middletown, Little Bock, fuddles Mills, May 1, by Direction of the Operating Board of theUnited States Telegraph and Telephone Administration, actingunder the order of the Postmaster General of the United States.As you know, all of the lines and property of this companyare in the possession, control and are being operated by r theUnited States Government under the direction of the Postmaster General of the United States. ,The new rates are necessary in order that additional revenue may be secured by the government to meet the increasedoperating expenses. The causes which make greater revenuenecessary are due to the new conditions and the new price levels introduced by the war and are entirely beyond the controlof the United States Telegraph and Telephone Administration orof the Telephone Company.More than two years ago the Company foresaw that the telephone system would be operated at a loss unless the ratescould be adjusted to meet the increasing costs of all elementsentering into the production of service. A similar rate adjustment would have been unavoidable under private controland the new rate schedule is practically the same we would havesought in 1918 if the government had not taken possession ofour property.As stated by the Postmaster General, the owners of the telephone system do not benefit in any way from rates changes.Practically all of the increased operating expenses which require this additional revenue are due to increased wages paidto employes to enable them to meet the new conditions of life inthe present day.It is neither practicable nor desirable to reduce wages, and sofar as wages are concerned we believe that portion of the increased operating expenses to be permanent.The new rate schedule is fair and reasonable and the percentage of increased revenue, which it will produce is much lower than the increased cost of other services and commodities ofComplete detailed information about the new rates may beobtained at the manager's office. We are making every effortto change our records promptly, and your courteous consideration will be appreciated.CUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAN J TELEGRAPH COMPANY(Incorporated!;Vm ya:VS!GEO. W. DAVISEUNERAL DIRECTORf Motor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.4t,73UzJ... j-1;wMEDICINE CO. LYNN. MASS.9)yImi(2ortf)51 -(may 2-9)Y.ixcb:FRIDAY, MAY 9, 1919.THE BOURBOH HEWS, PABXS, XEHTOcntTflGXaji1 IHI.II.I ll.l..l.i i...iLEMON JUICEFOR FRECKLES !ij Girls! Make beauty lotion ior $i a few cents Try It! ISqueeze the juice of two lemonsinto a bottle containing- three ouncesfo orchard white, shake well, andyou have a quarter pint of the bestfreckle and tan. lotion, and complexion beautifier, at very, verysmall cost.Your grocer has the lemons andany drug store or toilet counterwill supply three ounces of orchardwhite for a few cents. Massagethis sweetly fragrant lotion into theface, neck, arms and hands each dayand see how freckles and blemishesdisappear and how clear, soft androsy-wnite tne sKin becomes. Yes!It is harmless and never irritates.(aprl8-tf-F)WELL! WELL! OLD -FRIEND "REMOVAL" BOBS UP AGAINThe Winchester correspondent ofthe Lexington Herald says:"Persistent rumor that eventuallythe Louisville & Nashville shons andyards located at Paris would be located in Winchester is growing. Itis predicted that Winchester will beone of the largest railroad terminalsin Kentucky because of its location.An effort was made recently to establish the truth about the shopswithout avail. It was said, however,that as soon as Winchester is able tosecure a sufficient water supply itsimportance as manufacturing andrailroad town will increase greatly.A prominent citizen, said:"The only drawback to Winchester is a lack of water.' Were it notfor that we now would have tripleour present number of factories."That matter is now in the handsof a committee with the proposedidea of extending the water line tothe river."i Argentina will have for exnortthis year over three and a half metertons of corn.NOo5 J!The Flow ofMeatTwo-thirds of the live stock in theUnited States has to be raised inthe .West.One-half of the consumers of meatlive in the East.In other words, most of the livestock is one or two thousand milesdistant from most of the people whoneed it in the form of food.Fifty years ago, when live stock wasraised close to every consuming center, the country butcher could handlethe job after a fashion.But the job got too big.Now millions of animals have to bemoved hundreds of miles to millions ofpeople. Somewhere on the way theyhave to be turned into meat.The packers solved the problem.They set up plants where the "livehaul" and the "meat haul" were inthe right balance. They built updistributing systems refrigerator cars,refrigerating plants, branch houses.They saved time, money and meateverywhere. The stockraiser benefited in better markets and higherprices; the consumer, in better meatand lower prices.As the country grew, the packershad to grow, or break down. Becauseof its present size and efficiency,Swift &" Company is able to performits part in this service at a fraction ofa cent per pound profit.Swift & Company, U. S. A.23!ESBBBHgjiMB imim am ! 1! PRESERVED LEATHERI , LIQUIDS cmc PASTES: For Black, White.TaaI and Ox-Blood (dark brown) Shoes: KEEP YOUR SHOES NEAT 1FORMER JAILERFREEDOMProminent Warren County FarmerReleased Prom TroublesBy Trutona.BOWLING GREEN, KY., May 8.Everybody in Bowling Green andWarren, county knows, likes and esteems jolly, whole-souled," honest NatH. Curd, former jailer and now aprominent farmer and auctioneer.The glowing tribute he offers forTrutona is therefore expected to convince many of the perfect tonic's remarkable merits."I suffered from a general breakdown following an attack of the'flu,' " Mr. Curd said. "I becamecross and mean and so nervous Icouldn't sleep. I thought I had lostmy strength forever. My appetitewas poor and I lost weight andstrength."It was a lucky move when I decided to try Trutona, however, for Ibegan improving in a very shorttime. I've gained 15 pounds in. twoweeks and feel better in every waythan I have for years. I am a wellman. I have a ravenous appetitenow, the constipation has beenrelieved, I sleep soundly at night andfeel refreshed and bouyant of mornings. Trutona is the only medicinethat relieved me, and I think itshould be in every home."The sincere statement of Mr.Curd should appeal directly to everythinking man and woman shouldconvince them that Trutona is atonic of superior merit.Trutona, the perfect tonic, is nowbeing introduced and explained inParis at G. S. Varden & Son's.(adv)oHEADS OF UED CROSS IN IMPORTANT CONFERENCEHeads of the Red Cross of America,Ensrland. France. Italy and Japan arenow attending a conference inCannes, France, which is second onlyin imnortance to the meeting at Versailles, at which the League of Nations will be formed.With He-nry. P. Davison, as headof the conference, are meeting SirArthur Stanley, president of theBritish Red Cross, General Paul Pau,president of the French Red Cross,Gustave Ador, president of the International Committee of the Red Cross,Guiseppe Frascara, president of theItalian Red Cross, Baron TadanoriIshiburo, president of the JapaneseRed Cross, and a number of healthexperts from the five nations.The conference is mapping out auniversal health program, to beadopted by nations of the world.Measures for handling problems ofworld relief in emergencies, such asfires, famine and pestilence, soundways in. which the public health maybe improved, and ways .to relieve allhuman suffering and distress are being planned. The program adoptedcannot help but largely influenceany plans for the League of Nations.3I"BAYER CROSS", ON ASPIRINAlways Ask for Genuine"Bayer Tablets of Aspirin". Is? vliAYieOnly Aspirin Tablets with thesafety "Bayer Cross" on them aregenuine "Bayer Tablets of Aspirin,"owned and made by Americans andproved safe by millions of people.Unknown Quantities of fraudulenti Aspirin Tablets were sold recently bya Brooklyn dealer which proved tobe composed mostly of TalcumPowder."Bayer Tablets of Aspirin" shouldalways be asked for. Then look forthe safety "Bayer Cross" on thepackage and on each tablet. Acceptnothing else! Proper directions anddosage in each Bayer package.Aspirin is the trade mark of BayerManufacturer of Monoaceticacidesterof Salicylicacid.(apr4-tf-F-126)oTwo additional banks, representing American, interests, were established in Shanghai last year.o -Four tea-drinkings a day is the199994TOld Rosebud Oil& Gas CompanyIncorporatedParis, Kentucky-HE OLD ROSEBUD OIL & GAS CO.,composed of Paris business men, announces to the public1.1.. . m. e . . -. - -ums perrecuon or irs orgamztaion, and the purchase or valuable oil and gas rights in Lee, Estill and Owsley counties; it alsoannounces the offering of a limited amount of stock at25c PAR VALUE $1.00We have made a location on one of our Lee County leases -whichadjoins production, and which lays within a mile of theheart of the Big Sinking pool.For the consideration of the investing public we submit the following.OrganizationThe Old Rosebud Oil and Gas Company is a Delaware corporation capitalized at $500,000. The following directors havebeen selected to govern the affairs of the corporation:O. L. Davis, farmer, Paris, Ky.Harry B. Clay, farmer and oil producer, Paris, Ky.W. C. Bell, farmer, Paris, Ky.Dr. C. G. Daugherty, physician, Paris, Ky.L. D. Harris, real estate broker, Paris, Ky.O. T. Hinton, attorney, Paris, Ky.' ,Wm. Shire, jeweler, Paris, Ky.J- W. Young, stockman and farmer, Paris, Ky.F. P. Thompson, oil producer, Lexington, Ky.W. W. Mitchell, banker, Paris, Ky.The officers are as follows:President Dr. C. G. Daugherty.Vice President Harry B. Clay.Secretary O. L. Davis.Treasurer W. W. Mitchell.Field Manager F. P. Thompson.Offices will be maintained in Paris, Ky.HoldingsThe company has closed a deal for 146 acres within less thana mile of some of the biggest wells in the Big Sinking district of '.Lee County. Prospects on this lease look good for 50-barrel wellsat the least We have made two locations on this lease and willmove a machine to it at once.We also contemplate test wells on the 100-acre Gabbardlease near the present Hell Creek production in Lee County; alsoon the Baker lease in the Ross Creek section of Estill County.We expect to close a deal shortly for some production in theBig Sinking district, which we are now negotiating.Stock Now 25c; Par Value $1.00( We reserve the right to withdraw stock from market at anytime without notice.)1 ni n RfKFRim nn & fiAs c(j w .1VUUU.VV yj . v w., incorporated.;Harris & Speakes, Selling AgentsParis, Kentuckyiooaoooo o i ff waMitMiiWifeliRemember, you "So not have to takea $50 bond, as Uncle Sam makesthem also in $100, $500, ?1,000,$5,000 and $10,000 denominations.Wilraoth'srule in New South Wales.iPORDChain Drive$550FORDWorm Drive withSpecial Cattlerack$600Write for Our list ofUsed Truck (SpecialsHarry P. KellyrH-JH:HI:H:.-:MM;lREWBlclMo&roR fertetrcKSiLW m m e1010 GimerfSIICirvcixtnLaliO.gijljiijJUMTiiim-i. jinii)mm!niiill ' mihihJi nmj'jjiiri "iiuufllli'HML'JlliiJJE!FreshHome' Baked Breads,Cakes, Pies, Etc.DailyFreshMeats,Roasts,Steaks,Chops, Fancy Goods.FamousCoffees and, TeasIWILMOTHGrocery Co., Phone 376itRENGCNo reducing corsets are so trulyeconomical, so long-lived or sosatisfying as these extra-stronggarments.The Rengo Belt feature oftailoring has become famousamong medium and stoutwomen, because it solves theproblem of retaining - shapeliness where the greatest strain v scomes over the abdomen and', hips.' Note the exclusivemethod of boning thisportion of the garment, then wear one RenzoBelt modelyou will find your first supreme corset satisfaction.Models for every figure some with steelastic webbing for greaterfreedom all with double watch spring boning. vPrices of Rengo Belt Corsets Range from $2 to $11For Sale by FRANK & CO.THa Nawq Jnh npnnrtmantlc Alm.r. d..m ";- ' wjzzri ";r." wjy.j nicies ci neddun. none uone Right!VIN llhlTHE BOUBBOH ( NEWS, PABIS,, BSHTCrCXSPAGE POTTSRIDAY, WAX 9, 1919.cMwit.itiii m',f jit ,i1ilis 1Hi iMOTHERS' DAY..- The annual celebration of Mothers' Day takes place next Sunday,.May 11.ij There could be nothing more fitting for us to commemorate. The'earliest recollections of each, of usjcenter in a mother's devotion.No relationship in the world entails as much, self-sacrifice as that ofmother and child. Prom utter helplessness to full maturity, every stepof the child's life is guarded by thepaother's sympathy and wisdom.1 The mothers of this country deserve especial recognition this year,ince entry of America into the warso many of our mothers have seentheir sons go away at the call of theircountry to certain privation andhardship, to possible death or mutilaiion. Courageously and cheerfullythe mothers have made their sacrifice. Letting their beloved sons gowith a smile and an encouragingword, the mothers have devotedthemselves to "keeping the homefires burning." The remembrance ofthe cheerful and uncomplainingpother at home has helped andstrengthened many a soldier on the4elds of France.- And now the sons are cominghome again with a full sense of whatthe mother-love and the motherpresence mean in their lives. Theohservance of Mothers' Day and thewearing of the white carnation willstand for a deeper reality this yearthan ever before.- To the gold star mothers, whosesons cannot come again, the deepsympathy and appreciation of awhole nation will go out.HUGS AM) CAEPETS CLEANEDIN MODERN STYLE.Don't worry about your rugs. Letus clean and refinish them. Newand modern machinery just installedfor that purpose. Ask those whohavet ried our plant.(6-tf) LEVY, THE DRY CLEANER.o; GETS PROMOTIONMr. John R. Roche, who is recovering from an attack of influenza,will take a rest from his duties astime-keeper in the office of Superintendent T. A. Morrison, of the Louisville & Nashville, at this point..During his absence his positionwill be filled by Mr. C. P. Bratton,at present clerk in the office of theRoadmaster.Executor's SaleThe undersigned Executor of Wm.H Hughes, deceased, will onSaturday, May 31, 1919rbeginning at 2 o'clock, p. m., exposeto' public sale the following real andpersonal property:FIRST A certain Jot of ground witha store house thereon, situated in the City of Paris,Kentucky, on Eighth street' - and. described as follows:I Beginning with James Mc-Intyre's line (on the west)' at a margin of the Paris. and Georgetown Turnpike(now Eighth Street);thence along his line north. -. 195 feet to Lilleston's line:thence along said Lilles' . . ton's line 40 feet west to acorner with Mary Mangen. and then with her iine' south 195 feet to the mar-gin of said turnpike ; thence" along the margin of saidturnpike 40 feet to the heir -. , ginning, being the sameproperty conveyed to Wm.' H. Hughes by Louisa Priceand others by deed of record in, the office of theBourbon County Court, init .,' Deed Book 65 page 537.SECOND (Lot A) Also a certain lot''?Z of ground with a four-room,rhouse and store-room, there-on, fronting on Thomas""? avenue 60 feet, more or?2 less an extending back 78feet, more or. less, on. either'" v. side to the line of small lot" in rear, and being 47 feet,5 inches, more or less inthe rear. .-i"S(Lot B) Also 'a cenrtain lotwith house thereon fronting on Hanson street 31feet, and extending back 47feet, 5 inches, more or less,on one side,- and 45 feet,more or less, on the otherside to Hawkins' lot in therear, and. being 40 feet, 9inches, more or less, in therear.The, above two lots is the sameproperty conveyed to Wm. H. Hughesby Sherman Coleman by deed of record ill said office in. Deed Book 99,page, 373.Lots A and B last above describedwill first be offered separately andthen as a whole, and the bid or bidsaggregating the most money will beaccepted.The'tindersigned will, at the sametime and place, expose to public salea lot of household and kitchen furniture --and other personal property.TER'MS The sale of the real estate "will be made upon the followingterms:. One-third cash, one-third insix months and the remaining onethird, in. twelve months from date ofs&lethe purchaser to give bond withgoodsorety to be approved of by theExecutor, and lien to be reserved inIeed; said bonds to bear interestfronvtete of sale at the rate of 6per annum.The "personal property will be soldfor cash. , (The Executor reserves: the right toreject any or all 'bids... '- GREEN P. HUGHES,. Executor of Wm. H. Hughes.Talbott & Whitley, Attorneys'. JJ. FKenney, Auctioneer.(9-16-22-30)PABIS WOMAN HE-ELECTED ASSTATE OSTEOPATHIC HEAD.Dr. Martha Petree, of Paris, wasre-elected president of the KentuckyOsteopathic Association at the twenty-firstannual meeting convention ofthe organization held at the HenryWatterson Hotel, in Louisville, Wednesday.Other officers elected were as follows: Dr. E. W. Patterson, Louisville, vice president; Dr. J. A. Stiles,Morganneld, secretary and treasurer;Dr. Carl J. Johnson, Louisville, andDr. Ella Shiffett, Louisville, trustees.Dr. J. M. Coffman, of Owensboro,was elected as a delegate to the National Osteopathic Convention to beheld in Chicago the last of June."Figures compiled by the osteopaths throughout the country showthat out of 49,000 cases of influenzatreated, of which between 3,000 and4,000 developed pneumonia, only 472died," stated Dr. Martha Petree,president of the association, at theopening meeting.This, she contended, was a mortality of less than 1 per cent.Dr. Petree went on to say that asnearly as can be estimated the totalmortality from influenza throughoutthe country has ranged from 5 to 15per cent, and, if these figures are correct, there is food for thought fordoctor and layman alike.B-4 PIREInsure withW.O. H1NTON &SON,Agts.NICHOLASVTLLE .WAREHOUSE.TTRE CAUSES $20,000 LOSS.Fire of unknown origin destroyedAshley's warehouse in Nicholasville,at 10:30 o'clock Wednesday night,with a loss of $20,000. The warehouse contained a large quantity ofhemp and grain, none of which wassaved.oFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan0ROYS' WAIST SEAM SUITS.Light in weight, yet made to resist wear. A special this week at$8.50.J. W. DAVIS & CO.oROX SUPPER AT RUDDLES MILLSSCHOOL.A box supper will be given at theRuddles Mills school to-night, at8:30 o'clock, by the teacher and pupils of the school. The public iscordially invited to attend.Health Board Notice.Property ow-ners are hereby notified to put all cessnools. nrivies andvaults in good sanitary condition atan early date as possible. CallCumberland phone 515 and leave orders for Ben Hawkins, or see him inperson.It is with much difficulty that aman capable or willing to do suchwork can be found and the people ofthis community may congratulatethemselves upon the privilege of securing his services at this time.Hawkins will remain in Paris but ashort while. The Board can not urgeupon the property owners too strongly the importance of complying withthis order.A. H. KELLER,City Health Officer.By Order Board of Health.(9-4t)Master's SaleOF-Real Estate!BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Mae Moore's Administrator. . .PlaintiffVs. Notice of Sale.Peoples Building & LoanAssociation . . . . '. . DefendantsUnder and by virtue of a judgment and order of sale rendered atthe March term, 1919, of the Bourbon Circuit Court, in the above styled action therein pending, the undersigned Master Commissioner, onSaturday, May 17, 1919at the front door of the Court House,in Paris, Kentucky, at about the hourof 11 o'clock a. m., will sell at public auction to the highest and bestbidder, the following described property: A certain house and lot located on the east side of High,street, in Paris, Ky., adjoiningthe home place of W. Ed. Tucker, on the north, and the tenant house owned by J. B. Northcutt on the south, and . havingthereon a large frame residence.Said sale will be made Aipon thecredits of six and twelve months, thepurchaser or purchasers being required to execute their two salebonds with good and approved surety, for equal parts of the purchasemoney each, due six and twelvemonths from date of sale respectively, said bonds to have the force andeffect of judgments and bearing) interest at the rate of six per cent? perannum.Said sale is made for the purposeof settling the estate of Mae Moore,deceased. ,O. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner Bourbon Circuit Court.(May. 9-16)RELIGIOUS.The Endeavor Society of the ParisChristian church will meet Sundaynight in the church parlors at 7:30.Subject, "The Lure of The World."Leader, Miss Louise Keal.The District Convention of theChristian church will meet in Danville next Wednesday and continuethrough Friday. A fine program hasbeen prepared. A large attendancefrom the Paris church is expected.Mr. Ernest Davis, the gifted tenor,who took the leading role in the production of "The Rose Maiden" cantata at the Christian church lastnight, will sing at the morning service at the church next Sunday. Thiswill be a musical treat for all whoattnd.The pulpit at the Paris Presbyterian church will be occupied atboth services Sunday by Rev. C. H.Spaan, pastor of the Dutch Reformedchurch, at Grand Rapids. Mich. Rev.Spaan comes highly commended as aneloquent and fluent speaker and hissermons will be of the kind that inspire high thoughts. Capt. RobertHarbison will' sing at both services.Miss Mary Dan Harbison, the churchsoloist, is assisting in the singing ina revival meeting in progress in theWinchester Presbyterian church. Allthe members of the congregation areurged to be present at both theseservices Sunday.Dr. R. G. McLees, of Chatham,Va., is assisting the pastor, Rev. Wm.Cumming, in a revival meeting atthe Winchester Presbyterian church.Miss Mary Dan. Harbison, soloist ofthe Paris Presbyterian church, is assisting in the singing. Of Miss Harbison, whom all Paris people admire,the Winchester Daily Democrat says:"Miss Mary Dan Harbison, a cultured singer, is leading the choir,which Dr. Cumming, pastor of thechurch, can well feel proud of.Speaking of Miss Harbison, Dr. McT pps sflsid"Miss Harbison is the most superbsinger I ever heard."The Kentucky Sunday SchoolAssociation is asking young peoplebetween the ages of 13 and 20 yearsto submit essays on "What I HaveLearned in Sunday School." Thewriter of the best essay will be askedto read it at the fifty-third annual (State Convention of the Associationto be held August 19-22 at Ashland,where the winner of the contest willbe entertained free. The essays mustnot exceed 200 words in length,must contain the name and addressof the writer with the name and location of the Sunday School whichhe or she attends,' and must be received at the office of the associaton,712 Louisville Trust Building, Louisville, Ky., not later than July 1.METHODIST CHURCH.The pastor will preach Sundaymorning on a theme of special interest to all. At the evening hourthere will be an illustrated lecture ontl-io "nViallATiP-P nf Afrir.fi ." Theselectures are proving very interesting.Come and see the pictures ana nearthis lecture. Sunday School and Epworth League at usual hours.CHRISTIAN CHURCH CALENDAA.Sunday, 9:30 a. m. Bible School.Sunday, 10:45 a. m. MorningService.Sunday, 2:30 p. m. Mission Band.Sunday, 7:30 p. m. Christian Endeavor Society.Sunday, 8:00 p. m. Evening Service, vTuesday, 3:3Q, p. m. Women's Society. Wednesday, 8:00 p. m. PrayerMeeting.Friday, 7:30 p. m. Choir Practice. oK. OF C. EMBLEMS.Emblems, Charms, Rings andPins.SHIRE & FITHIAN.(may6-2t)MONEY RIGHT IN YOUB HANDFOR EGOS, POULTRYAND JUNK.Highest cash price for eggs,poultry, liides and junk.MUNICH & WIDES CO.,(11-tf) Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.WOOL WANTED.We pay market price for yourwool. Sacks ready. We receivewool at both our North Middletown and Paris warehouses.CLARKE & YOUNG.(apr22-tf)WHEAT NOT SERIOUSLY HURT,BUT FRUIT INJUREDWheat apparently was not seriously damaged by the frost, accordingto reports received in the office ofCommissioner of Agriculture Mat. S.Cohen, only Eastern Kentucky counties reporting damage.The only fruit that escaped, so faras reported, was on high land, andmuch of this is lost.MATZENAUR IN PARIS AT OBERDOBEER'S DRUG STOREEdison, recreates her voice on theEdison.- Visit Oberdorfer's drugstore and hear her sing. The publicis invited.(2t) OBERDORPER.o 'HSHERMEff BUSY.Good luck has in the majority ofcases, attended, the visits of localfishermen to the streams and ponds.Several catches of big-mouthed bassranging in weight from two to fivepounds, have been reported recently.Large "strings" .of newlights, bream,red eyes, and other small fish havebeen caught in Stoner in past fewdays.Considering President Wilson as aworld peacemaker, Mr.. .Bryan., is almost inclined to admit that he couldnot have done better himself.CHURCH MEMBERS URGED TO!OBSERVE "MOTHERS' DAY"Observance of Mothers' Day onSunday, May 11, was commended tothe members of 150,000 Protestantchurches in the United States in anannouncement by the Rev. Charles 'S. MacFarland, Secretary of the Fed-.eral Council of the Churches ofChrist in America, made public in :New York. The wearing: of a whitecarnation for a mother who is "notlost, but gone on before," and a pinkcarnation for a mother who is still"the center of the dearest spot onearth home," is expected to be morewidely followed than ever.INSURANCE.Fire, Tornado, Lightning,Automobile and Hail.YERKES & PEED.(janl4-tf)Wanted.Good white girl to cook and dogeneral house work. Apply toF. H. RANKIN,Home Phone 90. 543 Hanson St.(8-2t)For SaleSome nice broiling size chickens.MRS. DOUGLAS THOMAS , SR.,Cumberland Phone 360, Paris, Ky.(It)Taken UpAsEstrayjl For Every Season of the YearThere recently came to mv nlaceon the Bethlehem pike, a bay marewith halter on. Owner may call onthe premeises, on Rural Route No. 8,Bethlehem pike) prove property, andpay all charges, including cost ofadvertising.W. S. THOMAS,Box 153, R. F. D. No. 8.Girl WantedA young girl wanted to help withtelephone switch board in the country. Call Cumberland Phone 50,Ruddles Mills. (It)Onion Sets5cPER QUARTat theBusy BeeMcCombs Road Oil"From the time of the Roman Caesars it has beenrecognized that prosperity follows good roads,"' I AHE high cost of material and the shortage of- labor put a premium upon the preservation ofpresent equipment; and for the preservation ofgood roads a gallon of oiris worth a bushel of labor.Imperative demands of the war period haveprevented adequate road maintenance, improvementand extension. The immense transportation problemof reconstruction requires that the arteries of trafficbe kept in good condition.r iRoads well oiled last indefinitely. A well-oiledroad is impervious to the destructive forces ofnature and offers;, adequate resistance to the wearand tear of heavy traffic.McCombs Producing & Refining Co.HighJQradie PetroleumAdequate Facilities , Personal Service.Prompt Deliveries" '. --ABRAM RENICK, Presenter-Southern Bldg., Louisville, Ky.Producing Properties: ' '.'Estill, Wolfe, Lee Counties, KentuckyOffices: Winchester, Ky,I Hi HDETROIT VAPORSTOVESWinter or summer, spring or fall, a Detroit Vaporstove gives the same perfect cooking and baking as a modern city gas range. Detroit Vapor Stoves have sturdygas stove construction and operate just as easily-They Work Like GasBurn Oil, Gasoline or DistillateThere are no wicks or wick substitutes in a DetroitVapor Stove. Durable 8 1:2 pound iron burners vaporizethe fuel, so a gas is burned. Detroit Vapor' Stove gives19 hours of cooking to a gallon. Come in a see one work.We handle them exclusively for this territory,A. F. Wheeler & Co.CHAS. GREEN, ManagerMain and Third Streets, Opposite Court HousentswnmvsmmmmmmmmswsmmmmmmmmmPRObUCERS REFINERSTRANSPORTERS MARKETERSf. I?- Boatmen'sRefinery: East St. Louis, 111. .INQUIRIES SOLICITED.' .WkilProductsSales Office:Bank Building, St. Louis, Mo.fV2V-aJP.At i.Jjh- ra-&XFRIDAY, MAY 9, 1919.THE BOURBON NEWS, PABIS, jmilT'JLi.HPAGIHT IACKiSKfOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEWOOL WANTEDWill pay highest marketprice. Sacks furnished free.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(aprl8-tf)oTENNESSEE STRAWBERRIES.We are receiving1 fine strawberriesdirect from the patch every day.They are guaranteed to be fresh.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.oSALE OF EDIBLES.The ladies of the Episcopal churchwill have a sale of edibles at thestore of Geo. S. Varden & Son, onMain street, to-morrow. The causeis a most worthy one, and ttie ladiesask the patronage of the public.oATTENTION, PYTHIAN SISTERS.All members of tlia Pythian Sisters are requested to be present attheir Castle Hall, this (Friday) afternoon, at 2:30 o'clock, to meet theGrand Lodge officers Past Gra.ndGhief and other officers from Covington and Louisville. A meeting willalso be held at 7:30 to-night, atwhich a class will be initiated.. oQUICK SUPPLY FOR EVERY-DAYKEED PRICES RIGHT,COME Aim SEE.All kinds of house and barn paints,varnish, buggy and auto paint;screen doors and windows, creamseparators; harness of all kinds.(It) FARMERS SUPPLY CO.ov "THE FLYING CIRCUS."'& i .But what's the use of trying toexplain any more? It wasn't Roxie'sfault they didn't or may not come toParis. Sent out by the governmentprimarily to advertise the VictoryLiberty Loan the machines were supposed to play up the places where theloan had not been fully subscribed.They really were not needed at Paris,' as Bourbon county did its full dutyin the first day of the campaign. Asa matter of course, all of us who cansee would have welcomed the airplanes as a novel sight, but if theycouldn't come we'll have to standtheir non-appearance as best we can., oTHE STRAWS OF 1919.Panamas, Baliluks and Yachtshapes in the new styles $2 up.J. W. DAVIS & CO.oGOOD THINGS TO EAT HOMECOOKED, TOO.Don't worry about what to havefor Sunday dinner read: Freshberries, all kinds of fresh vegetables,home-cooked light rolls, cakes beatenbiscuits, egg kisses, cakes, etc.Just bring the cash to our store andwe will fix you up.MRS. ELLIS' CASH-AND-CARRYGROCERY.oSUNDAY SCHOOLS HAD A LARGEATTENDANCE SUNDAYReports from the Sunday schools ofthe city show there was a total attendance last Sunday at the Protestant churches of 1,184, being nearlythirty per cent, above the normal attendance, and about seven per cent,of those who had not previously enrolled in any class.The attendance was reported asfollows: Christian church, 526:Baptist church, 276; Methodistchurch. 22"9: Presbyterian church,153.ATTENTION, WAR MOTHERS" Considerable business of importance was transacted at a meeting ofthe War Mothers' , Association ofBourbon county, held recently at thehome of Mrs. J. T. Vansant. Reports were 'submitted from the recent meeting of the State Associationof War Mothers, the most importantof which was that the dues of twenty-fivecents must be paid hereafterin June instead of in September'.The revenue derived from the dueswill be used for the purpose of defraying the expenses of the NationalAssociation.oA TIMELY SPECIALMen's Nainsook Union Suits,special for Thursday, Friday andSaturday only, a dollar valuefor 69 cents.L. WOLLSTEIN,1 619 Main St., Paris, Ky.ASK FOR BETTER'S SALT RISINGBREAD.When you go to your grocer ordealer ask them for Ritter's salt rising bread, a .local food made fromchoice pure materials.RITTER'S BAKERY.'(25apr-12.-t)0' AND STRAINED.For a period of about lour hoursWednesday afternoon one o theheaviest rainfalls in many monthswas -recorded in this Ticinity. Theraia poured down, not in cupfulls,but by the large quantities. Fromabout five o'clock in the afternoonuntil seven in the evening the raindrops fell so 'fast that some" of themcouldn't find a place to land without Ialighting on others. All over thecounty the water filled every littledepression, branches became bankfuland the ponds and creeks were almost bankfull. The race track atLexington was a sea of mud and water. an some of the jockeys almostgot lost in trying to find their waythrough the rain and mud to, thestarting point.SOCIAL Alii) PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mrs. Charlton Alexander was aguest several ,days this week of hersister, Mrs. Dan Moore, in Harrodsburgv Miss .Clara Bacon is visiting herbrother, Mr. Warren Bacon, and Mrs.Bacon, at their home near Galion,Alabama.Mrs. Boone Baldwin and son,Clarence, have returned from a visitto Dr. and Mrs. George Clark, atWinchester.Mr. Edward Chaney, formerly ofParis, who has been in Detroit, Mich.,for several months, was a visitor inParis this week.Miss Janie James, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. J. W. James, has goneto Richmond, where she has a position as stenographer.Mrs. Wayne Lafilerty nas returned to her home from the Massie Memorial Hospital, where she has beena patient for several weeks.Mr. and Mrs. Robert Curtis, ofCarlisle, spent several days in Paristhis week as guest of the former'sbrother, Mr. Henry C. Curtis.Mr. send Mrs. Clyde Keller havemoved to their home on High street,which has been undergoing extensive remodeling for some time.Misses Ollie and Lorine Butlerentertained with bridge at theirhome on Vine street yesterday, andwill entertain again this afternoon.Mrs. C. N. Steenbergen anddaughter, Miss Francis Ann Steenbergen, returned Tuesday night froman extended stay in Globe, Arizona.John B. Stivers, of Paris, underwent an operation at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, Wednesday, his right leg being amputated. Misses Emma and Carrie Holliday, who have been very ill at theirhome on Eighth street, were reportedyesterday as being considerably ini-jproved.Mr. and Mrs. Ossian Edwards,who recently sold their home onMain street have moved to one of Mr.Edward's oungalows on Sixteenthstreet, near High.Mr. and Mrs. John T. Collins areat home from an extended stay inHot Springs, Ark. While away they'visited friends in Chattanooga,Tenn., and in New Orleans.Miss Ada Plummer and Mr. Curtis J. Reed have returned to theEastern Kentucky State NormalSchool at Richmond, after a visit torelatives in this city and county.Mrs. A. H. Morehead, Mrs. W.K. Griffin and little daughter,Blanche, are visiting friends and relatives in Earlington and Greenville,Ky., and in Evansville, Indiana.Miss Juliet Turner has returnedto her school duties at HamiltonCollege, in Lexington, after spendingeveral days with her mother, Mrs.Mrs. Edward Turner, near this city.Mrs. Roscoe Williams, who hasbeen a guest of Mrs. Edward Turner,at her country home on the Clintonville pike, near this city, has returned to her home in Los Angeles, Cali.Mr. Dennis Snapp, Field Secretary of the Methodist church Endeavor work, was in Alexandria,Wednesday, attending the meetingof the Covington Conference of thechurch.Mrs. Carrie L. Woodford has asguests at her country home, on theWinchester pike, near Paris, Mrs.Lizzie Taylor and daughter, MissJennie Taylor, of St. Louis, Mo. Mrs.Taylor is a sister of Mrs. Woodford.Miss Mary Martin, of Dry Ridge,Misses Addie and Mary Martin, ofCynthiana, and Miss Russell Ammerman, of Newtown, Scott county, havereturned to their respective homesafter a visit to Mrs. Thomas C.Whaley, in East Paris.Mr. Sam Eurove and Miss SarahOldstein, have returned to theirhomes in Cincinnati, after a visit toMr. and Mrs. J. M. Elvove. Theycame to Paris for a visit to the former's brother, Private Isaac Eurove,J who has recently; returned from overseas.Mr. Honler Drayton, field mana-,ger of the Duroc Bulletin,' of Chicago, and Mr. George Clayton, formerly of Hutchison, and now residentin Fayette county, were guests Wednesday of Mr. Walter S. Meng, at hisRidgeway Duroc Stock Farm, he-tween Paris and North Middletown.Mr. and Mrs. Walter Dempsey.formerly of Paris, who have been residing for several years in Newport,have moved to Kansas City, Mo., toreside. Mr. Dempsey is a son of Mr.and Mrs. Jas. B. Dempsey, of thiscity. He will go into the automobilebusiness with , his brother-in-law,Mr! O'Malley. Mr. and Mrs. Dempsey and little son, were recent guestsof his parents, in Paris.The Derby is quite an attractivefeature of the coming race meetingat Louisville and several 'parties willbe given by Bourbon people. Amongthose going from here are Mr. andMrs. A. B. Hancock, Miss Kate Alexander, Mr. and Mrs. J. Miller Ward,Mr. and Mrs. Catesby Woodford, Mr.and Mrs. J. H. Thompson and guest,Miss Emma Wupperman, of St.Petersburg, Florida, Mr. and , Mrs,James W. Thompson. 'Many of the patients at MassieMemorial Hospital have recoveredsufficiently " to premit returning totheir homes. Mr. Hiram Douglass,who was; recently operated on at theinstitution, was removed. to his homeon the Steele pike. Mrs. GeorgePhillips and little daughter .-havebeen moved to the home of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. James Douglass,on Main street. Mr. John Gqrey hasreturned to his home on Winchesterstreet.The Alumni number of the Tran-sylvanian,, just issued, is a souveniredition, filled with value from theliterary standpoint, showing, withgreat credit to the institution howmany of the graduates of Transylvania have become known, to fame.One of the contributors to this issueis Miss Nell Whaley, of Paris, who isa member of the faculty. On the"In Memoriam" page are touchingtributes tothe memory of Capt.I Reuben Hutchcraft, and Lieut. Jamesweaver inchi, uuui ui wiiom. wereprominent in the University work atTransylvania.Mrs. BetMe Mcllvaine has asguest at her home in this city Mrs.J. M. Casey, of Lancaster.Mrs. Everette" Fox, guest of Mr.and Mrs. J. w. Bacon, has returnedto her home in Lexington.Messrs. Douglass Clay andJoseph W. Davis, Jr., were guests offriends in Frankfort this week.Mrs. William G. . O'Fallon leftyesterday for her home in St. Louis,after a visit to friends in Bourbon.Mrs. Hal Brent, of Kansas City,Mo., is a guest of Mr. N. Ford Brent,and household, on Pleasant street.Mrs. Emma J. Rumble, ofHuntington, W. Va., is a guest of Mr.and Mrs. L. B. Baldwin, on Cypressstreet.The condition of Miss LutieCrowe, who is a patient at the Massie Memorial Hospital, was muchimproved yesterday.Mr. Marion Douglass has returned to Middlesboro, after a visitto his parents, Mr. and Mrs. Jas. S.Douglass, in this city.Charles B. Summers, of Flemingsburg, has taken a position withthe Louisville & Nashville railroadcompany at this point.Mrs. John Yerkes and MissRachel Wiggins were guests severaldays this week of Mr. and Mrs.Powell Bosworth, in Lexington.Messrs. J. M. Pope and WallaceMuir, of Lexington, representing theKentucky Traction & Terminal Company, were in Paris, Tuesday, onbusiness.Mrs. D. S. Henry, of Paris, whounderwent an operation in a Lexington hospital a few days ago, was reported yesterday as making favorableprogress toward recovery.Misses Ollie and Lorain Butlerwill give a bridge party to-day to theyounger married friends and youngladies who were not present yesterday at their lovely party.Mrs. William Ardery, of Paris,was one of the guests at the bridgeparty given in Lexington, Tuesdayafternoon by Miss Gladys McAdams.in honor of Miss Helen Heckert, ofTiffin, Ohio, fiancee of Capt. Wm.McAdams, brother of the hostess.The Alumni Association of theParis High School will hold a meeting in the High School Chapel nextMonday night, May 12, for the purpose of perfecting arrangements forgiving the annual Alumni banquetand reception at the close of the P.H. S. Commencement exercises.Thomas A. Crawford, formerlyof Paris, now a resident of Louisville,was a guest of Mr. and Mrs. CarlCrawford, in this city, Tuesday. Accompanying him was a party of Louinville friends, Henry Ryan, L. P.Duvall, H. A. Warren, and W. S.Shelton, of "Vancouver. They wereen route to Lexington for the racemeeting.Ira D. Thompson, is at home fromAnnapolis, Maryland, on a furloughof several days, for a visit to hisparents, Mr. and Mrs. I. D. Thompson, on Duncan avenue. Mr. Thompson si stationed on the rifle range atthe Naval Academy, where he hasbecame so proficient as a marksmajithat he has been promoted to a placeas instructor.In advising THE NEWS of achange of address for THE NEWS J.Ford Fithian writes as follows fromCharleston, West Va.: "This is toadvise you that I have resigned myposition with R. G. Dun & Co., to assume the management of the UnionMercantile Agency at this place. Inthe future please send THE NEWSto Box 392, Charleston, W. Va."THE NEWS acknowledges receipt of the following Invitation:"The Senior Class of the KentuckyOrphan School requests the honor ofyour presence at the CommencementExercises, Wednesday morning, Mayfourteenth, nineteen hundred andnineteen, at ten-thirty o'clock,Chapel." VEnclosed with the invitation wasthe card. of Miss Madge Taylor,daughter of Mr. James E. Taylor, ofEast Paris, who is a member of thegraduating class of 1919."The Columbus, Ohio, Dispatchpublishes a splendid half-tone pictureof Mrs. Virgil D. Chandler, formerlyMiss WUlte Johnson, of Paris, withthe following comment:"Mrs. Chandler, as chairman of thedepartment from the Columbus Wo-mans' Club in charge of the re-educationof crippled children, is one, ofthe active members of the committeeon arrangements for the May Fete tobe given for the benefit of her department next Thursday afternoonand evening, in the winter garden ofthe New Southern Hotel. Her homeis at No. 60 West Woodruff avenue." The recently organized BridgeClub, of which Miss Charlina Ball isa very charming member, was verydelightfully entertained by her Tuesday afternoon at her home on theMaysville road. The members of theclub are Misses Charlina Ball, Frances ciay, Margaret j?erguson auuAgnes Turner. Mesdames HiramMontgomery Roseberry, Waller Dalby, James William Thompson. Onetable of invited guests were presentfor this occasion, and they wereMisses Charlotte Henry, Emma Wupperman, St. Petersburg, Florida,Mary, Allen Hutchcraft and Mrs. Jno.Stuart. The next meeting of theClub will be with Mrs. Hiram Roseberry, next Wednesday afternoon.' Misses Ollie and Lorine Butlerentertained at bridge yesterday afternoon' at their home on Vine street.It was a lovely party, of ten tablesof players. The home was brightand atiractive in its decorations ofspring flowers. The host was assisted in entertaining by their mother,Mrs. Hannah Butler. A delicioussalad course was served at the conclusion of the games to the following icuests:I Mrs. Edward Tucker, Mrs. Buck-ner Woodford. Mrs. Owen L. Davis1,Mrs.. J. W. Bacon, Mrs. Eddie Hin-1ton, Mrs. Samuel Jiay, mra. vhiibNichols, Mrs. Thompson H. Tarr,Mrs. Volney W. Ferguson, Mrs. Walter Kennev. Mrs. Will G. McClintock,Mrs. Durand Whipple, Mrs. Frank M.Clay, Mrs. Duncan Bell, ,Mrs. Thos.Buckner, Mrs. Will Worall, Mrs. J.Stuart Roberts, Mrs. Harry Mathers,Mrs. James Woodford, Mrs. RobertGoggin1. . , ,SpringMillinerySpecials This WeekA host of new arrivals in every shape and color are gathered together for "Hat Week" an unusually attractive collection at very moderate prices.Leghofris and Milans YSoft Rough StrawsLovely Transparent ModelsSport HatsChildren's HatsSMART TURBANSJest the thing for a windy day are these trint stylish, closefitting hats in the various suit shades.All Prices From $5.00 to $15.00HARRY SIMON224-228 West Main St., Lexington, Ky:Main Street, Paris, Ky.HiX. Ml OM DM. SIM $M &M if M' Ml 9 M Ml Ml f M Ml Ml Ml Ml Ml Ml Ml Ml Ml Ml Ml Ml Ml Ml Ml Ml Ml JHHKl Ml Ml f mOTTTMlW1 IH1 II .w...........iig... s IJ J '' "" "" "" "" '" "' ' '" "" " 1J 1 ' flft- ' : SHQk f WJr 1111 tXHr MC - B .H 1 ", ' 00AC "' ' I. ' '- iI ' III ' M U I - ' ''k - v Mrs. HomeloVer says: ;: B1 jg - THE d. T. H1NTON.CO. . J. I 5 " ' K 'iI rjjj' , ... has the most complete stock . , jju ' B:I 1'JJ ' from vhich to get your HI t' Furniture, JSugs, Linoleums, i Eg ' , Phongraphs and Wall Paper ' jjjj EI I and that they save you I 163 II M - IT1 I money. She will tell you ' pI some more next issue. , ' ' h ' ' iH r " " !-.' , I 3Tnt J. i. nirNioiN CO. JI lOTOR HEARSE MOTOR INVALID COACH UNDERTAKING II "EITHERPHONE" 36 SIXTH AND MAIN STS. BIB:5:IXSBMVs.THE BOURBOH SEWS, PARIS, ZENTTJCK1FRIDAY, MAY 9, 1919. . :"TSAGESIX1$!!fe l(hmItILDHAM'S VICTORYSEEMS CERTAINJJtI88 OF STATE PRAISES YOUNG. WINCHESTER CANDIDATE FORk LIEUTENANT GOVERNOR.SAYS MERITONESAVED HIS BOY'Had Tried Everything And It Looked As If We'd Lose Him,"Pather Says.COL DENHARDT OPENS CAMPAIGN EOR GOVERNORThat R. C. Oldham's candidacy forthe Democratic nomination for Lieutenant G.overnor has been favorably received there is no doubt. His campaign has been conducted in a progressive spirit and a determination towin. His friends have formed an R.C. Oldham Club to further his interests. The state press comment yeryfavorably upon his candidacy."CoL Oldham is one of the mostactive young Democrats in the State.During many campaigns he has always been in the very heat of thecontest in the interest of the Democratic nominees. It is our policy torefrain from committing ourselves inprimary elections, but it is our purj$se to support Col. Oldham throughout this campaign, believing that thissturdy young Democrat, if chosen,will fulfill every pledge i iiis platform and, serve the constituency withfcoor and credit." Daily Democrat."Oldham is a young man of sterling qualities and will do his duty asa public servant We would like tosee him elected to this office for webelieve that he will serve the peopleof the state in a way that will causeno regret lor navmg given mm unshonor." Ewing Enquirer."The Journal of Labor can not failto support a man who openly declares for such principles. "We askno favors of Mr. Oldham, but wish hewere a candidate- for Governor. Heis a clean, honest and able youngman, who is conducting a remarkablecampaign. As he says, 'He has hishands in his own pockets not the taxpayers.' There is no question but thatMr. Oldham will receive the votes ofthe vag-earners of Kentucky. Here'sto you, Oldham; we believe that yourprinciples will not only make you Lieutenant Governor, but carry you to theGovernor's chair." Journal of Labor."Oldham has shown, himself to beconscientious in the discharge of responsibilities that devolved upon him,s red blooded, patriotic and unswervingin integrity. He is above narrow, factional policies and holds a public office far above a salaried consideration. This brilliant young Democratis offering his services to the peoplein the prime of vigorous young manhood and if elected to the high officehe seeks the people whose appreciation of his ability and worth haveplaced him there will find in him afaithful, able and upright official, actuated by a love for their welfare andthe glory of the State." The Kentucky Knight'X3oL Oldham is a progressive Democrat and progressive citizen and asuccessful lawyer. If nominated andelected we believe he would give aprogressive administration and onethat would prove creditable alike tohimself and to the party." InteriorJournal.The Oldham Club is doing somevery effective work for their candidate independent of his campaign.They say "The club is formed to makeabsolutely certain the deserved sucx cess of our friend and candidate. WeKNOW Oldham and want the peopleof Kentucky to KNOW him as we do.In laying the corner stone of his political career he said, 'I believe a public officer is only a servant of thepeople' and we know he" means it"We all feel mighty good towardthis medicine Meritone down at ourhouse because we think it saved ourboy's life," said Mr. J. D. Kidd, of137 Beaumont avenue, Knoxville,Tenn."His system was all run down and,he was very weak and nervous andhe had been that way all his life.He'd get so nervous and excited thathe couldn't sleep.Tried Everything xHe had indigestion, and stomachtrouble so that he could not eatenough to make him grow right."I gave him all kinds of medicineand. did everything for him I could,but nothing did him any good andit began to look like we were goingto lose him."Our boy has been taking Meritonefor some time now and we think ithas saved his life. He can eat anything now and what's more his appetite is so good that he eats abouteverything he can get his hands on."His stomach is in fine conditionand doesn't give him a bit of trouble."He gained strength and has agood color now."The former nervous condition hasleft also and' he sleeps as sound asthe baby and doesn't jump in hissleep like he did before."Meritone has no snnerior ns a, . , . ., -,. . , iloiuu ana SLrenginener, it is aisohighly recommended for ailing conditions of the stomach, liver or kidneys or for catarrh, rheumatism orlack of appetite.Meritone is sold exclusivelyParis by G. S. Varden & Son.(adv-may9-30)oFOR A SPRAINED ANKLE.Lieut. Henry H. Denhardt openedhis campaign for the Democraticnomination for Governor at the courthouse in Mt. Sterling, Saturday. Hewas greeted by a large crowd andwas given marked attention throughout. He was introduced by the Rev.Clyde Darsie, of the local Christianchurch.Colonel Denhardt dealt with allquestions of public interest, such asthe pardon power, control of publicinstitutions and the present tax law.Other candidates present andmingling with the crowd were Hon.Matt Cohen, for Secretary of State;Hon. Frank E. Daugnerty, tor Attorney General; Hon. R. S. Eubank andHon. W. P. JCing, for Superintendentof Public Instruction, and Hon. R. C.Oldham, for Lieutenant Governor.- Dr. A. J. A. Alexander, of Woodford county, was also present.oDo YonnjoylifeA man in good physical conditionis almost certain to enjoy life, whilethe bilious and dyspeptic are despondent, do not enjoy their mealsand feel miserable a good share ofthe time. This ill feeling is nearlyalways unnecessary. A few doses ofChamberlain's Tablets to tone upthe stomach, improve the digestionand regulate the bowels is all that isneeded. Try it.(may-adv)o$30,000 EIRE AT COVINGTONFire originating in the engineroom, destroyed the wagon shop, containing forty wagons and threatenedother buildings in the plant of theCity Ice Company, at Covingtion,(Sunday. The loss is estimated at$30,000.LUMBER DEALERS BUSY ON TOBACCO BARNS.mAs soon as possible after the injuryis received get a bottle of Chamberlain's Liniment and follow the plainprinted directions which accompanythe bottle.(may-adv)lOFOncDropBourbon Poultry RemedyA few drops in the 5fY52drinking water cures . A OlTHSand prevents white &XX ukrdiarrhoea, cholera and other chickdiseases. One 60c. bottle makes 12gallons of medicine. Pint bottle,nrice 5.1.20. makes 32 gallons. At5. druggists, or sent by mail postpaid.Bourbon Remedy Co., Lexington, Ky.Aetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityAnd OtherCasualtiesLumber men all agree that a largenumber of tobacco barns or outhouses will be built by the farmersof this section during this spring orthe coming summer. Many lumbermen admitted that a number of farmers had already ordered their suppliesand were getting ready to begin workon the barns.It is thought that a large numberof barns will be erected, owing tothe large crop of tobacco that is expected to be planted during the coming season.oIf the Democrats are expecting tonominate any member of the Cabinetfor President the Republicans wouldsuggest Burleson.OLD AGE STARTSWITH YOUR KIDNEYSScience says that old age begrins withweakened kidneys and digestive organs.This being true, it is easy to believethat by keeping the kidneys and digestive organs cleansed and in properworking order old age can be deferredand life prolonged far'beyond that enjoyed by the average person.Por over 200 years GOLD MEDAL.Haarlem on has been relieving theweaknesses and disability due to advancing years. It Is a standard oldtime homp remedy and needs no introduction. GOLD MEDAL Haarlem Oil Isinclosed in odorless, tasteless capsulescontaining about 5 droDs each. Takethem as you would a pill, with a small iswallow of water. The oil stimulatethe kidney action and enables thmorgans to throw off the poisons whichcause premature old age. New life andstrength increase as you continue thetreatment. When completely restoredcontinue taking a capsule or two eachday. GOLD MEDAL Haarlem OIL Capsules will keep you in health and vigorand prevent a. return of the diseaseDo not wait until old age or diseasehave settled down for good. Go to yourdruggist and get a box of GOLDMEDAL Haarlem Oil Capsules. Money,refunded if they do not help you. Threesizes. But remember to ask for theoriginal imported GOLD MEDAL brand.In sealed packages.?Jk?Z3K2SiJaA. J. FEEAGENTfini 11 m " 1 C P 1 1i RUGGLES .: 1llll 16 Bank Row, Paris, Ky. UPIMPLY? WELL, DON'T BE!People Notice It DriveThemOffwith Dr. Edwards'Olive TabletsA pimply face will not embarrass youmuch longer if you get a package of Dr.Edwards' Olive Tablets. The skin shouldben to clear after you have taken thetablets a few nights.Cleansetheblood,thebowelsandtheliverwith Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets, the successful substitute for calomel; there'sneveramy sickness or pain after taking them.Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets do thatwhich calomel does, and just as effectively,but their action is gentle and safe insteadof severe and irritating.No one who takes dive Tablets isever cursed with "a dark brown taste,"a bad breath, a dull, listless, "no good'feeKng; constipation, torpid liver, baddiipoaition or pimply face.Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets area purely vegetable compound mixedwith oliv,i oik you will know themby their ofive color..Dr. Edwards spent years among patients afflicted with liver and bowelcomplaints, and Olive Tablets are theimmensely effective resultTake one or two nightly for a week.See how much better you feel and look,iOC and 25c per box. All druggists.ZTS&MillersbuStationA Real Market: For CreamNo Creamery Ever Gave the Satisfaction tor Cream Producers That Sugar Creek Give Daily.BETTER SERVICEyou.is what we expect to giveSugar Creek service is daily pleasing thousands of cream producters.Our method of buying cream is justas honest, man to man deal allaround. You see your cream weigedand tested and take your check andcream bacw home with you. Nowaiting both will be ready whenyou are. jSatisfaction and Profit is what wewant to give you. We are establishing a station in Millersburg for yourconvenience and want you to makeour market your market.SSSSSSSSSSSSSSSjSjSSJHSSJSSSSSSJBffiyJwBSinBflPPJSfflKSSllSiilSafFinil ismcP SSfsS 9E y .'--? '3SSSSSSkBSSSSSSSSSBBh2 mBSBBBmBbBBBBBBSBBBBBBBm-4K!fSHrlBrllaE M 1 i;n Krafts lis iriS iESBTHSvBBShh39S A-.!LyVivSXSBSSSSSSXSvSSCSSsSSvSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS & iJ TIl!lzlmimm- " r$ .J, ssssssssjSpSSJSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSMip3PfJP'Sg9WSjHttMKVPSBTHE ABOVE IS A PICTURE OF OUR LOUISVILLE PLANT.CREAM PRODUCERSYou are greatly interested in the 5opening of a Sugar Creek CashCream Market in Millersburg.opened our market on Saturday,April 19 th, and are located in the PSandusky rooms, on Main street.We iHer BMRS. LUCY INSKOwill be in charge of our station, andwill be on the job all the time.every effort will he devoted towardgiving you the Best Possible Service.Her reputation in your communityguarantees you a fair and square Hdeal all around.RememberWAS 0UH8aturday, April 19th!OPENING Dm . - 1OPEN EVERY MONDAY, WEDNESDAY AND SATURDAYDEIVE UP WE'LL TAKE Y0TJE CEEAM PEOM YOUR CAR OK BUGGY AND HAVE YOUE CAN AND CHECK READY POE YOU m AVERY SHORT TIME. YOU ARE WELCOME IN OUR STATION ANY TIME' WHETHER YOU HAVE CREAK OR NOT. WATiT. OUR STATIONYOUR HEADQUARTERS WHEN IN MlLLERSEURG. LEAVE YOUR PACKAGES IN OUR STATION; WE'LL EE GLAD TO TAKE CARE 05THEM FOR YOUSUGARGREEKCMEA1iMRS. LUCY INSKO, OperatorERY CO.Millersburg, Ky. IiUMWWWOMWIWIMiMnnMMrt.w1itWrtrtiriWitlMfettMl,.Tj- r 3r" t'f-.f-ZTT,I,I,.,IT,,.,TMrl,tMtl.MMFRIDAY, MAY 9, 1919.THE BOTTRBON NEWS, PABIS, XENTTrCKYlAMMMmiiWRIGLEYS Mprotection against mmAnything Ii Tour Eye?Many people who come to us forexamination imagine .there is someforeign suhBtance in their eyes.It is hard to convince them, sometimes, that these gritty, sandy,scratching, irritating conditions aresymptoms and effects due to refractory errors which usually can he corrected by the wearing of properly fitted glasses. Let us take the "grit"out of your eyes.Dr. Wm Riley FranklinSuite 205-6 First National Bac,Both Phones. Paris, Ky.AFTER TOIIOEKSE3) CAKINESA vigorous war is still in progressagainst the unlicensed dogs foundrunning around Paris. Nearly everyday some unlucky canine is caughtby the officials and sent to the pound.Four dogs recently taken up by Deputy Sheriffs Marshall and Gibsonwere dispatched.ABOUT BSEUMATISMRheumatism causes more pain andsuffering than any other disease, forthe reason that it is the most-commonof all ills, and it is certainlygratifying to sufferers to know thatthere is a remedy that will afford relief, and make rest and sleep possible. It is called Chamberlain's Liniment. (may-adv)Notice to Telephone Users !By Act of Congress of the United States, bearing date of July 16,1918, the President was authorized to assume possession, supervision,operation and control of all Telegraph and Telephone Companies in theUnited States, and such possession, supervision, operation and controlwas assumed by the President, effective at midnight, July 31, 1918, to beexercised through the department of the Postmaster General. The Act ofCongress referred to provided no apppropriation to take care of any deficits which might occur in the operation of the properties and the continued high cost of materials, as well as the necessity of wage adjustmentswith employes, have made such deficits imminent. In order to forestall, ifpossible, the calamity which would be occasioned by the necessity ofclosing any of the telephone exchanges, the Postmaster General has ordered that, effective May 1, 1919, the following schedule of rates be -placedin effect by this company:SCHEDULE OF EENTAL RATES AUTHORIZED BY UNITED STATESTELEGRAPH AND TELEPHONE ADMINISTRATION POR THEPARIS HOME TELEPHONE AND TELEGRAPH COMPANY, EEFECTIVE MAY 1, 1918:-.PARIS EXCHANGE.Main Line Business $3.50 per monthTwo-Party Line Business 3.00 per monthMain Line Residence 2.00 per monthTwo-Party Line Residence 1.75 per month.Four-Party Line Residence 1.50 per monthRural Party Line Residence 1.75 per monthBusiness Extension 100 per monthResidence Extension 50 per monthExtension Bells 25 per monthBRANCH EXCHANGES.Main Line' Business $2.75 per monthTwo-party Line Business 2.25 per monthMain Line Residence 1.65 per monthTwo-Party Line Residence 1.40 per monthFour-Party Line Residence 1.25 per monthRural Party Line Residence 1.65 per monthBusiness Extension 1.00 per monthResidence Extension 50 per monthExtension. Bell 25 per monthAll bills for Rural Service within Bourbon County are payable atthe office of the Company before the 15th day of each month for servicerendered for previous month.In placing this new schedule of rates in effect we desire to acknowledge our deep appreciation of the co-operation and good will whichhas existed between this Company and its patrons, which feeling we trustwill continue, and further to assure our patrons that every effoTt will beexerted to provide and maintain a high standard of telephone service.The largest portion of this increase goes to increase the salaries ofour operators and other employes.Paris Home Telephone & TelegraphCompanySOLDIER-EDITOR A CANDIDATE.!One of the interesting figures inRepublican State politics this yearwhich apparently is the year ofyoung men is Stanley O. Wood, ofMt. Sterling, editor of the Mt. Sterling Gazette, who was recently discharged from the army where heserved -nearly a year as an enlistedman. Mr. Wood is a candidate forthe Republican nomination for Railroad Commissioner from the ThirdDistrict, which includes Bourboncounty. He is of the third generation in a family which has for sixtyyears been prominent in KentuckyRepublican circules. His grandfather,Major A. T. Wood, voted for Abraham Lincoln, served in the UnionArmy and was his party's candidatefor Governor, Senator and Congresson different occasions. His father,John C. Wood, served two terms asRailroad Commissioner some twentyyears ago, besides serving on severalState campaign committees. The father established and conducted a Republican newspaper for twenty-fiveyears in a section overwhelminglyDemocratic. The present candidatefor Commissioner has taken a prominent part in Republican, campaignssince before he was of age, meanwhile editing the newspaper heritageof his father.CALOMEL RQBBEDOFNAUSEASALIVATIONMedicinal Virtues Retained and Improved Unpleasant and Dangerous Qualities Removed New Variety, Called, Calotabs, Is GreatFavorite With Physicans andDruggists.The latest triumph of modern pharmacy is the new nausealess calomelknown to the drug trade as "Calotabs." Calomel, the most generallyuseful of all medicines thus entersupon a wider field of popularitypurified and refined from those objectionable qualities which have heretofore limited its use..In biliousness, constipation, headache, and indigestion, and in a greatvariety of liver, stomach and kidneytroubles calomel was the only successful remedy, but its use was,, oftenneglected on account of its sickeningqualities. Now it is the easiest andmost pleasant of all medicines totake, i One Calotab on the tongue atbedtime, with a swallow of water,that's all. No salts, no griping, nonausea, no danger of salivation. Agood night's sleep and the next morning you are feeling fine, with a cleanliver and a big appetite. Eat whatyou please.Calotabs are sold only in original,sealed packages, price thirty-nvecents. Your druggist offers to refund the price as a guarantee thatyou will be thoroughly delightedwith Calotabs. (adv)Coal mines connected with theShantung railways in China yield annually about 500,000 tons.oThere is more Catarrh in this section of the country than all otherdiseases put together, and for yearsit was supposed to be incurable. Doctors prescribed local remedies, andby constantly failing to cure withlocal treatment, pornounced it incurable. Catarrh is a local disease,greatly influenced by constitutionalconditions and therefore requiresconstitutional treatment. Hall's Catarrh Medicine, manufactured by F.J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio, is aconstitutional remedy, is taken internally and acts through the bloodon the mucous surfaces of the system. One Hundred Dollars reward isoffered for any case that Hall's Catarrh Medicine fail to cure. Send forcirculars and testimonials.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by Druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for constipation. . ,(may-adv)BRIGHTER.'EVENINGSHi u'grti"s"(Incorporated)J. J. Veatch, "District Manager.W.H. CannonLocal Manager.Nothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminatea house.9seOiectricitjTor datingIt's the only satisfactory way.use SasTor Beating and CookingIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix You UpFor the Use oi BothElectricity and Gas.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)' Chain ' Usco ' " .111 II ill I flfflBffiffia MmS nffl'VIDkuI BlfiffiPj Bantu .JlVilulliiifWllllllW: iToPm 1 1 lllmmtu 'II Si II V I WWmm&AmwPA Good Tire YearYou have doubtlessnoticed the growingpreponderance of United 'States TiresEvery one is asking fortires of known value aniproved dependability.And that is precisely (what United States Tiresrepresent in the minds of' motorists here and every Awu.re.f he idea back of UnitedStates Tires to build goodtires the best tires thatcan be built, is appealing torapidly growing numbers.We can provide you withUnited States Tires tomeet and meet exactlyyour individual needs.United States TiresareBBbV' Bfeir Vjv BWhTiresWe KNOW United States Tires are good tires. That's why we sell thtiPARIS GARAGE (Eugene Roberts) Paris, Ky.RUGGLES MOTOR 00 Paris, Ky.MUXERSBTJRG HARDWARE CO., . . MfflerstorrgrKy.J. W. MITCHELL & SON tforth Middletown, Ky.Trv Traction Service ForiPackage or FreightDeliveriesKy. Traction & TerminalCo.egB!iagBaasBEB..as:sgsggfcHsssiSB.!i.i,uiigraR ftI May Sales !1 Now Oni aV 91. Bu ,,gLadies' Suits, value to$39.'00, goat..$;24.95Silk Dresses, values to$24.00, go at.. $14.95TWO GROUPS OP MILLINERY Group No. 1 $2.45Group No. 2 $3.95SPECIAL PRICESON WAISTSTwin Bros.Department StoreMain and 7th Paris, Ky.-,.jmiMtiiHfllimltPostum First Found FavorIn the Small Communitiesthen in the cities; then in the nation's greatmetropolitan centers, until today it is demanded everywhere, and sold everywhere,as America's greatest health drink for tableuse. You can get from your grocerTh.e OriginalPOSTUM CEREALBoil it just like coffee 15 minutes afterboiling begins.It doubles the enjoyment of the meal witKits rich, invigorating flavor; and, unlike coffee, it never upsets nerves, stomach or heart.Children as well as grown folks can drinkPostum freely0UThere's a Reason"RTwro Sizes, usually sold at 15c and 25c.BB& flflflflr '-,THE BOURBON NEWS, PAEIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, MAY 9 1919..THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMOADMISSION ?Adults Ticket 1 8c; War tax 2c-20cChildren and Gallery.. Ticket 9c; War Tax 1c 10ca:TO-DAY, FRIDAYAGE EIGHTTO-MORROW, SATURDAYPauline FrederickMONDAY, MAY 12thvIflasI,!.;nn1iI 'iPirISmliDorothy DaltonIN"Hard Boiled55'f . She was "Hajd Boiled," the villagers said, because she wasifc came to a question of fooling an old" skinflint hypocrite to savethe home of her benefactress. Did she do right? See "Hard.Boiled" for the answer. NPEARL WHITEin "THE LIGHTNING RAIDER"and Hearst News,IN"The Woman on the Inde:.A woman's struggle for the right to love! Pauline Frederick,the screen's most famous emotional artiste, appears in her firstGoldwyn production, "The Woman -on the Index."Bill Parsons Comedy"The Master Musician". and Current Events.INazimova ThiSmeRevelation"Triumphs HinA gripping romance of peace and war. Story adapted fromMabel Wagnalls' novel, 'A. Rose Bush of a Thousand Years."MARY PICKFORDIN"HULDA FROM HOLLAND"and Paramount-Sennett ComedyCUPID'S DAY OPF"- CMBGED WITH INCOHEIG-IBILITY.3; Rolla Smith, colored, aged sixteen,jjgramiclaugiiter of John Kennedy, aell-known colored man, was arrest-xxl Wednesday by Patrolman Geo. W.jW. Judy, on a warrant charging herVilli incorrigibility. Ihe girl, who-ia employed in a Duncan avenueiiome, was brought before Judge Geo.Batterton, in the Juvenile Court,Wednesday, and, after a hearing-, wasjreleased with a severe reprimand' rom the Court, and ordered to be onJier good behavior and repo.t everyjvyeek to the Court.- i-.THE DIFFERENCE-Is 'noticeableothers. Ourto you as' well as tonew bi-focal lenseseliminate the old dividing line, thatvraa so disfiguring to your appearance, and enable you to read oreeo at a distance with equal ease.Wh not call on us and have anjekpertOPTICIAN -gxamine your eyes and fit you to .theright glasses? ' &&DR. 0. I. FETE;Uav Eyesight Specialist,-(2lmar-tf-F) Paris. Kv.MILLERSBURGMr. A. J. Miller continues aboutthe same.See the nice line of candies atCaldwell's. The commencement season is on and you will want them.Mr. and Mrs. M. D. Hurst, Mrs.Laura Layson, Mrs. D. B. Clarkeand son, Master James Clarke, werein Cincinnati, Tuesday and Wednesday. We have the Cream of LexingtonFlour, one of the best on the market.Try it and you will want it again.(2-3t) RUFUS BUTLER.Mr. and Mrs. G. W. Bramblettehave returned from Martinsville,Ind., where Mrs. Bramblette wasunder treatment for rheumatism.She is much improved.Mr. H. S. Roche met with apainful, though not serious accidentat M. M. I. Wednesday morning,while working with a piece of machinery at the electric power houseof the institution-. His right thumbwas partially cut off.NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC Ikave just purchased a new Landersstitching machine, and am preparedto do all kinds of shoe repairing atreasonable prices.(6may-St) JOE. GREEN.Mrs. Robert Moore, of ColoradoSprings, Colorado, Mrs. Green Feeback, of Carlisle, and Mrs. JamesPrice and children, Mary Louise andJames Price, Jr., of Escondida, wereguests yesterday of Mrs. A. T.Moffett.Mrs. Alex Hunter and daughter,Miss Pattie, who have been spendingthe winter in Millersburg, have returned to their home in Washington,Mason county, accompanied by Corporal C. B. Hunter, who has just returned, from overseas service. -Mrs. J. Clarke Leer has returnedafter a ten-days' visit to friends atNoland, W. Va. She was accompanied home by Mrs. John York, wifeof Lieut. John York, of the AviationDepartment, in Texas. iLieut. Yorkis soon to be sent to Dayton, O.,where Mrs. York will join him.o4' MATRIMONIAL.A marriage license was issued inCovington, Sunday, to John M.Cockrell, 35, of Livingston," Ky.,and Miss Margaret K. Roberts, 22, ofParis.. Wtttief ' Cm . y?7i V.- iritttt. X . ' .OV..'"ShEeS fSSM.7f..W3lmmBt 1MB 84 V The:w mmsm .mmmmstof Citwm w sBanking by Mail. SafePrivate & ConvenientLot tho Covernnrcnt bo our gobetween by using the Mailman.Our 4v investment is guaranteed'by us. Write today for information.Citizens" is the largest Bank InIndiana exclusive of Indianapolis, andis safely and conservatively managed,'besides being under U. S. Government.supervision-... -izens . National Bank,CVANSVIU.C 4 INDIANAftiurc 1 Vf.ftHrUow DollarrCABIY UKXjT A CENTURY f2 806INM)iiiHH4nm mi ma m nninitmn nmiiiitit-3s?rgf3rajSpQEfSllfe? yBWiEsSslgBffSSg&HBgThe J- T.Hinton Co.'MainandSlKthStreets ,UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMERSParis Ky.Day phone 36(NiKht : . . 56or Home 286IH'Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptlyLfmusine Invalid Coach.attended to with ourIHearse used for funeral purposes only.I,lli" llUl i.f f T1 rttll 1 mmnii mmiiiFORD VILLMOTT.The marriage of Mr. C. E. Willmott, Jr., of Lexington and Cincinnati, to .Miss Emma Ford, an attractive and accomplished young lady ofCovington, took place on Monday inCovington. The news of the marriage was a surprise, a telegram beingreceived by the bridegroom's parents,Mr. and Mrs. C. E. Willmott, ofGrosvenor avenue, in Lexington.The happy couple will make theirhome in Cincinnati, where Mr. Willmott has been located for three orfour years as traveling salesman forthe Cincinnati Cordage and Paper)Company.CULBERTSON" MENZEL.Mr. Emil Menzel and Miss'Edith Culbertson, both of Cincinnati,were married recently at the homeof the bride, 210 East Thirteenthstreet, Cincinnati. The room wherethe ceremony was performed wasbeautifully decorated with roses andsweet peas.The bride is the charming daughter of Mr. and Mrs. M. N. Culbertson, and is well-known throughoutBourbon county and the Bluegrassregion. She was a student at theParis High School for1 ten years.She was a young woman of amiabledisposition, who made a host offriends during her residence here.The groom is a photo-engraver by occupation, and is a very bright, intelligent young man. Mr. and Mrs.Menzel will reside in Cincinnati..oA machine for making stick candyhas been invented that has a deailycapacity of 3,000 pounds.t :DEATHS.SCHOOLER.iThe funeral of Mrs. SarahSchooler, aged seventy-five, who diedat the home of her sister, Mrs. Thos.Darnaby, in Clintonville, of generaldebility, was held in the ClintonvilleCemetery, Monday, with services conducted at the grave by Rev. R. H.Ellet, assisted "by Rev. NewtonShropshire. The pall-bearers wereW. F. Stipp, Richard Darnaby, Jas.Estis, Ben Stipp, George Dawsonand John Kennedy.Mrs. Schooler was the widow ofBenj. Schooler, and had resided' allher life in this county. She is survived by three sisters, Mrs. ThomasI Darnaby, of Clintonville, Mrs. Jaspermcuonaia, oi wincnester, ana Mrs.James H. Haggard, of Paris.oMONEY EIGHT IN YOUR HANDFOR EGOS. POULTRYAND JUNK.Highest cash price for eggs,poultry, hides and junk.MUNICH & WIDES CO.,(11-tf) Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.,4BIRTHS.Near Centerville, this county, tothe wire of Mr. William Duncan, adaughter, christened Mary May Duncan.Blue Grass Oil Exchange(Incorporated)Kentucky Oil Securities bought andsold at Open Call Sessions everyWednesday . 8:00 p. m.Saturday . . 4:00 p. m.Saturday . . 8:00 p. m.One Sale Wednesday. Two Sales Saturday.41 S MAIN STREETCumb. Phone 313 Next to N. KrlenerwNo Sale Saturday, MayOn Account of Holiday. n10gWAVE YOUGOT A BABY?If you have you should have aKERRY OR DEXTER COWThese breeds were never known to havetuberculosis Fresh cows with calves, registered. XALAPA FARM(ap25-6t) TIphoii 1K7Sjurton JsI Confectionery StoreSuccessor to Adami & Santi.AGENT FOR M. EB0LDMANUEL, COUNSELOR,AND S0NADA CIGARSAdami's Famous Recipe fori'ji making delicious Ice Cream,boda Water and MixedDrinks still used.Bulk Ice Cream(Made from Pure Cream)delivered for home use.ijjj Fancy Ices for PartiesHIGH CLASS BOXCANDIES.For the BEST, See Us,FRANK BURTONIIIIi:-:iBring UsYour Cream!Regardless of competitors' prices, we willpay MORE.BusyBeeCashStore(may2-4w) t , ""?Vhoes.3da:dt oouEJsrsNew Spring and SummerOxfords and Pumpsand should crowdevery departmentwith eager buyers.Our system of perpetual activity MAKES ONE ENORMOUS PURCHASE FOLLOW ANOTHER!Tomorrow (Saturday) We OfferMany New Models offfi if p4ppyijpiHigh Grade Footwearat so great a saving that you cannot afford to pass thisyou will appreciate what is in store for you.up.ome mandWMmLADIES' PUMPS AND OXFORDSIn Patent and Brown KidWALK-OVERSAt SpecialLow Pricesr 3 2&-& 1Ladies' Patent Kid ColonialPumps ... ..Ladies Dark Tan EnglishOxfords$4.95$3.49Men's Tan English Oxfords,Walk-Overs, atMen's Gun Metal EnglishOxfords, Walk-Over$5.00$3.50Misses' and Children's Shoes and Slippers at Extremly Low Prices!DAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe Store Where Beauty and Economy Reign-Xsas