-aWA' &THE BOURBON NEWS'PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRF Y IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, APRIL 25. 1919tfBOURBON COUNTY REPORTEDFIRST OVER TOP IN LOAN.According to a message receivedWednesday from the Chairman of theLiberty Loan Campaign, at the Cleveland, Ohio, headquarters, Bourboncounty was the first county in theCleveland district to be officially reported as being over the top in theFifth Liberty Loan campaign. Themessage was sent to Mr. BucknerWoodford, cashier of the BourbonAgricultural Bank & Trust Co., whois County Chairman for Bourbon inthe Loan drive.The message came from the Federal Reserve Bank, in Cleveland, andstated that out of all the countiesembraced in the district, which comprises all of Ohio and parts of Pennsylvania and Kentucky, Bourbon,county was very clearly entitled tothe honor of being first to go over.The subscriptions in this county wereall volunteered and the committeeshad really made no campaign fromhouse to house, as has been done informer campaigns. Up to the closing of banking hours Wednesdaynight the total was $749,500. Twolarge subscriptions were reportedyesterday by Chairman Woodford for$18,000 each, from the NorthwesternMutual Life Insurance Co., and fromH. S. Kress & Co.oOPENING OF BASE BALL SEASONOF 1919.The 1919 baseball season openedWednesday with brilliant prospects.Rain interfered with the scheduledgames at several places, causing apostponement. Several from Parisattended the opening game at Cincinnati between Cincinnati and St.Louis.NATIONAL LEAGUE.Cincinnati, 6; St. Louis, 2.Brooklyn, 6; Boston, 1.New York, 10; Philadelphia, 7.Pittsburg-Chicago, (rain.)AMERICAN LEAGUEBoston, 10; New York, 0.Washington, 1; Philadelphia, 0.Chicago, 13; St. Louis, 4.Cleveland-Detroit, (rain.)WOOL WANTEDFifty thousand pounds woolwanted. Highest market pricepaid. Plenty off sacks and twineat our mule barn.CAYWOOD & McCLINTOCK.till21may)?FRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSWatch Our WindowsFRIDAYandSATURDAYSILKDRESSESGEORGETTE ANDSILK$15.00FRANK & CO.gLADIES' OUTFITTERS 'Automobile Delivery CMARIE GOUDARD."WAIL ORPHAN" SENDS PHOTOTO BENEFACTRESS.The above is an excellent reproduction from a photograph sent toMrs. Swift Champ, of Paris, by a little French "war orphan," MarieGodourd, whom she adopted somemonths ago.The handsome little girl, who isonly eight years old, has writtenseveral very interesting letters to herbenefactress, in which she gave freerein to her fancy and described herself and surroundings with a fluencyof expression that might well belongto a child of more maturity. She isa bright, intelligent child and theearnest wish of the household is thatshe may develop into a fine woman,a. Indeed, the prospects all point to.Little Marie at eight gives eloquentpromise of becoming "Sweet Marie"at eighteen.INSTALLATION POSTPONEDBecause of the absence of lights,caused by the electric storm, the installation of newly-elected officers, ofA. J. Lovely Co.. No. 34, UniformRank Knights of Pythias, scheduledfor "Vyednesday night, was postponeduntil another date.A social session was held in placeof the installation, at which aboutseventy-five guests, had an enjoyabletime. A substantial luncheon wasprved, and a musical program rendered.JTHE FLYING CIRCUS TO VISITPARIS ON MAY 1.According to a statement made byMr. R. W. Young, advance representative of the Victory Loan campaign,to Publicity Secretary Rudolph Davis, the people of Paris and Bourboncounty will have an opportunity onThursday, May 1, to see a squadronof Government aviators with theirmachines, in a series' of -stunts in theair that will greatly edify and interest them.There will be six machines in thedetachment of the same type as thoseused by the Allies and the Americanaviators in bombing the towns inGermany. Aerial stunts of the battlefields when the American aviatorswere fighting ten thousand feet inthe air will be seen by those whoavail themselves of the opportunityhere. One section of the city will bebombarded from a high point, whileone of the aviators will give battleto another, and aerial guns will befired just as they are in an actualbattle.The aerial fleet will make a startfrom Hillsboro, Ohio, and will makethe following cities in the ordernamed: Portsmouth, Ironton, Ohio;Ashland, Mt. Sterling, Winchester,Lexington, Paris, returning to Lexington, then to Cynthiana and backNorth again. It is fully expected thatone of the largest crowds ever seenin Paris will be here to see the aerialexhibition. A Government representative will be here soon to pick outa landing place for the machines,which requires a large stretch oflevel ground.oASK FOR RITTER'S SALT RISINGBREAD.When you go to your grocer ordealer ask them for Ritter's salt rising bread, a local food made fromchoice pure materials.RITTER'S BAKERY.(25apr-12-t)0"HEARTS OP THE WORLD" HEREMONDAY, MAY 5.When David Wark Griffith attemptsanything he goes in for the stupendous. His "Birth of a Nation" startled filmland with its magnitude andmarvelous attention to detail. His"Intolerance" brought into andevening's entertainment all the principal events in the world's history.And now, eclipsing all his formerefforts, he comes with "Hearts of theWorld," which will be on view atthe Grand Opera House, Monday,,May 5. j ?Filmed on the blood-soaked fieldsof conflict, on the exact spot whereGeneral Pershing's forces were in adeath grip with the Hun hordes, andshowing many scenes of actual battle between the . enemy and Alliedarmies, Mr. Griffith lias accomplisheda stupendous task, that of recording in part the greatest of all history in visualized form. Into thevortex of war and suffering humanity he has woven a most delightfullove story which culminates in a message of happiness and hope to allmankind. "Hearts of the World" ismore than a picture play. It assumesthe proportions of a 'world drama."The more prominent members ofthe cast are Miss Lillian and Dorothy Gish, Robert Harron, Little BenAlexander and George Fawcett.oDON'T WAITBUY NOW TOBACCO STICKS.Buy tobacco sticks now and youwill get better quality and just aslow, or lower, prices than you willget later. At this season of the yearwe buy only from mills making extragood quality sticks; later when therush comes we have to take what wecan get. Anticipate your .needs,haul them now and get them sharpened on rainy days and at othertimes when your men haye a fewhours between jobs. Our stock isexcellent quality and practically 100per cent. good.It don't pay to put off doing anything. The man who succeeds is thelive wire always ahead with hiswork. Anticipate your needs nowand make your contracts. Materialshave already advanced some and theindications are that they will gohigher.j We deliver anywhere at reasonable prices.I BOURBON LUMBER CO.,M. Peale Collier, Manager.Yards Corner Main and FourteenthStreets, Paris, Ky.Both Phones 122. (tf)oGEORGETOWN PAPER COMPLIMENTS SUPT. KIRKPATRICKThe Georgetown Times, in its issueof Wednesday has the following complimentary reference to our efficientSuperintendent of Public Schools,Prof. Lee Kirkpatrick:"At a meeting of the Paris Boardof Education last week, Prof. LeeKirkpatrick was re-elected Superintendent of the Paris City Schoolswith a $400' increase in salary. TheParis superintendency is one of thehighest salaried positions in theState outside the cities of Louisvilleand Lexington. Prof. Kirkpatrick isa graduate of the College and is wellknown in Georgetown. An exampleof his success as an educator are fivemembers of, the Graduating: class atI the College this year, who were mem! bers of one of his high school classes.I His former students in the graduating class at the College this year inI elude the valedictorian, the salutatoIrian, the class prophet and the classresident."TIN THE SERVICE OP THEIRT C0TOTRY.Private Edgar Lovell, .of Paris,tyho has been stationed in the armyservice at Camp Jessup, near Atlanta,Georgia, has received his honorabledischarge and returned to Paris. Hes a son of Mr. M. B. Lovell, of thiscity, and has been in the service forseveral months.Oliver K. Hazelrigg, of Paris, whohas been overseas with the 37th Division has- returned to Paris. Helanded at Newport News on April 2,where he remained until a few daysago, when he reached Paris. Mr.Hazelrigg will receive his final discharge papers at Camp ZacharyTaylor.Private John A. McNamara returned to Paris, Wednesday night, fromCamp Zachary Taylor, where he received his honorable discharge fromthe service. McNamara was in theBase Hospital at Camp Mills, NewYork for a month, and on recovery,Wa sent to Camp Taylor to be mustered out.Dr. David Barrow and Louis LeeHaggin, formerly lieutenant coloneland lieutenant in Base Hospital UnitNo. 40, called on Governor StanleyWednesday to enlist his aid in securing the release fiom service of several members of the Unit now inFrance, who 'were on board shipready to return, home when orderedto remain, and report for duty nearParis. Of those remaining yet inFrance several are from Paris andBourbon county, among them beingBaldwin Woods.An honorable discharge from thenavy has been granted to Cornelius(Buddie) James, of Paris, who is nowat home again Buddie was on theill-fated Covington, when she wasstruck by a topedo, and was later onthe converted yacht, the Remlick,which was on active duty in the Atlantic station for many months.Buddie has had experiences such asHave come to but few young men ofhis ager and in his life as a Jackiein the navy has made many roundtrips overseas on convoys and transports. John Pearce, a member of Company K., 166th Infantry, was inParis. Wednesday, en route to Carlisle to visit his sibter, Mrs. Marthaf3J&0rackon. Private Pearce servedunder Cnpt. Reuben Hutchcraft, ofParis, who was killed in action, andlost a leg in the engagement. TheGovernment has furnished him withan artificial leg, but he will be compelled to use crutches until he becomes used to wearing the new member. He speaks in terms of endearment of Capt. Hutchcraft, saying hewas beloved by every member of hiscompany, any one of whom wouldgladly have risked his life to havesaved him.The war department has orderedissued to all honorably dischargedofficers, enlisted men, except members of the Student Army TrainingCorps, bronze and silver buttons forwear with civilian clothing. Thesilver button will be issued only tothose who have sustained wounds inthe service. The army recruitingstation located at 139 East Mainstreet, Lexington, will shortly havea supply of these buttons which willbe mailed to those ex-members of thearmy desiring them. The applicationshould show clearly the name andaddress of the applicant and, be accompanied by the original dischargecertificate, attested by a civil ormilitary officer or a true copy ofsame. In the case "c '""ischarged certificate for officers, where no discharge certificate exists, a true copyof discharge certificate order properly attested should be sent. Formsfor making true copy of dischargemay be obtained by sending postcards to the army recruiting station,Lexington.. QBAKERS' PRESIDENT SAYS THATBREAD WILL REMAIN HIGH'"Even though the price of flourfalls so that it costs bakers no morethan the water they use in theirbakeries, the price of bread will notfall to its former level," said GeorgeS. Ward, of New York, President ofthe American Association of theBaking Industry, in an address atNew Orleans, at the annual convention of the Southeastern Associationof the Baking Industry."No matter how low the prices offlour falls, and there is no presentprospects of any reduction," Wardsaid, "the price of bread cannot goto the old figure.The reason for this is the factthat all other materials, all operating' costs and all labor costs havegone up so high, this increase wouldmore than offset any drop in theprice of flour."o 'PLAN ILLITERACY DRIVETHIS STATE.INPlans to teach 100,000 illiteratesin Kentucky how to read and writein 1919 will be completed May 3 ata meeting of the Kentucky IlliteracyCommission. Representatives from-the State Normal Schools, the Universy of Kentucky and Berea Collegeand R. W. Kincead, Superintendentof the schools of Bath County andChairman of the County School Superintendents' Association, will meetwith the commission.1REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSClifton Dalzell, and Granville Denton, of Paris, sold two lots in. thePinecrest Division to Mr. Chas. P.Mann, for a private price. The lotsadjoin the Pinecrest Apartment lawnowned by Mr. Mann, and will be added to the lawn.Harris & Speakes sold to Ossie Gravill, of near Hutchison a one-storyframe cottage on Nineteenth, nearBrent street, for $1,500. Mr. Gravitt bought the property as a homefor his mother and sister, who willmove to Paris to reside permanently.Mr. J. E. Shea, of Richmond, haspurchased of Mr. Wm. C. Wood, ofMississippi, through the Paris RealtyCo. the one-story frame cottage atthe corner of High and Sixteenthstreets formerly owned by Miss Jennie Talbott, for $2,050 cash. Mr.Shea, who is an L. & N. employe,will move to Paris and occupy theproperty.Mr. Paul E. Shipp, of Lexington,agent, sold recently through Mr.Chas. P. Mann, for the Paris RealtyCo., the suburban property of Mrs.Blannie D. Shipp, located on SouthMain Street, near the old fairgrounds, for a private price. Theproperty contains about nine acres ofground and has on it a substantialtwo-story brick residence. Possession will be given in March, 1920.oFOG FOLLOWS RAIN.A heavy fog settled down on Parisand vicinity Tuesday night, following the heavy rains of the day.Trains came into the L. & N. yardswith their headlights aglow, and extreme precautions were necessary.Street lights resembled candles inthick mist, and pedestrians on thestreet late at night could hardly seeeach other. The fog cleared awayby Wednesday morning, being dissipated by the warm rays of the sun.Fine weather continued all throughWednesday.Wednesday night saw a mostthreatening demonstration, whenheavy banks of dark clouds coveredthe sky ' threatening a storm. Thestreet lighting and other electricalcurrents were put out of commission,and the city was plunged into darkness for nearly an hour.Tenants in the big office buildings,deprived of light and fearing a storm,deserted their offices, Koines """werelightless and. all kinds of businessusing electricity temporarily put outof light and power. The storm passed ofE to the southwest without apparently doing any damage. A coldwave followed the storm, yesterdaybeing very cool. A cold wind making the day an uncomfortable one.WE KNOW HWBLUE SERGESUITSOf Real ValueYOU WILL FIND AT OUR STORE SERGE SUITS THATARE ABSOLUTELY FAST COLOR. NOT THE KIND THATLOSE THEIR SHAPE AND BECOME BAGGY AND TTTHTTING AFTER A PEW WEEKS' WEAR. REAL VALUESIN STEIN-BLOCH AND MICHAEL STERNS FINE CLOTHES,AT PRICES WITHIN REACT: OP ALLNOTHING NICER FOR SUMMER WEAR THAN A BLUESERGE. WE HAVE MANY DESIRABLE PATTERNS INFANCY SUITINGS BLACK AND WHITE CHECKS, SHEPIlKD PLAIDS, TANS, GREYS AND FANCY GREENS; SNAPPY STYLES FOR THE YOUNG FELLOW PANEL BACK,CLOSE FITTING COATS SLANTING POCKETS, EXTREMEENGLISH CUT TROUSERS.mix "HELL &N ettleton ShoesOr. Reed's Cushion Sole Shoes. VI inhattan Shirtsstetson Hatsiv.SwiMijowtrBOURBON COUNTY ON H0N02ROLL OF LIBERTY LOAN.In the Fifth Liberty Loan campaign, which is progressing all overthe country this week, Bourbon andLee counties have the places of honoron the Honor Roll, which is issuedby the Liberty Loan headquarters atCleveland, Ohio, as having raised andexceeded their required quotas beforethe campaign, had been fairly launched. No community can get on theLiberty Loan Honor Roll until ithas subscribed its quota, obtainedthe ten per cent, initial payements,and has had its achievements certified to the Cleveland office by ItsCounty Chairman and its territorialdirector.In every program that has progressed since the war necessities called them into being Bourbon countyhas responded with a right heartygood will from the very start, andat no time was there ever the leastdoubt of the ultimate. success of thework. It was hinted "by some of thedoubtful ones at the outset of thepresent campaign, that, owing to thedrag on the resources of the people,due to the many relief and othercampaigns, there would be some difficulty in Bourbon raising its quotain the Ffth Loan. But, just lookwhat has happened! It was like acyclone of finance, with thousandsfloating into the hands of the tellerslike dead leaves fall from the treesin the late fall.RECITAL AT HIGH SCHOOL BTMR. LUCIEN V. RULEArrangements are perfected by theJunior Class of the Paris HighSchool for bringing to this city within a few days Mr. Lucien V. Rule,to appear in recital at the HighSchool auditorium. Mr. Rule, whoresides in Louisville, has gained fameas a poet of rare talents, and hispoems published in the Louisvillepapers for many years, bear thestamp of true poetic genius.Mr. Rule is well-known throughout Central Kentucky, and his poetry is appreciated by the studentsof literature everywhere. It is thedesire of the Junior Class to give thepeople of the city and the county an.opportunity to hear Mr. Rule in recital. . The lecture will be given inthe High School auditorium. Therewill be no admission fee, but-admsion will be by invitation. Mr. Rulerspoetical works can be found in tnejParis Public Library or in the HighrSchool library, easy of access to anywho desires to become acquaintedwith them.oWOOL WANTED.We pay market price for yourwool. Sacks ready. We receivewool at both our North Middletown and Paris warehouses.CLARKE & YOUNG..(apr22-tf)to $50.00BLAKEMORE'tJ IA4 'ilitfeAtH.mT3IhInr.P,lhl"'ariHOMSM!PAGE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PABIS, gENTtrCKTFRIDAY, APRIL 25, 1919.I11' 8Jl(4l1I fH"BAYER CROSS"ON ASPIRINAlways Ask for Genuine"Bayer Tablets of Aspirin".Only Aspirin. Tablets with, theJaafely "Bayer Cross" on them aregenuine "Bayer Tablets of Aspirin,"owned and made by Americans andproved safe by millions of people.TJifcknown quantities of fraudulentAdpirin Tablets were sold recently byt .Brooklyn dealer which proved tolie composed mostly of TalcumPowder.""Bayer Tablets of Aspirin" shouldalways be asked for. Then look forthe safety "Bayer Cross" on thepackage and on each, tablet. Accepttnothing else! Proper directions anddos&ge in each. Bayer package.Aspirin is the trade mark of BayerManufacturer of MonoaceticacidesterafSalfcylicaciL(apr4-tf-F-126)Make Your Milk DeliveriesBY TRACTIONKy.Traction & TerminalCo.Army TentsCOUimES CONEER ON THE TAXINCREASE.Mr. James H. Thompson, of nearParis, represented Bourbon, county atthe meeting of officials of CentralKentucky counties, held in Lexington, Tuesday. The meeting was forthe purpose of deciding what actionshould be taken should the State TaxCommission attempt to enforce theincreases in assessments it recentlyordered. At the conference the entire matter was thoroughly goneinto and discussion was had as tothe best method to attack the commission, should it attempt to levythe increased assessment. The outcome of the conference showed thatshould the commission attempt to enforce the increase the matter wouldbe taken to the courts. It is plannedto have two simultaneous suits filedagainst the commission. One will befiled in the federal district court bya taxpayer residing out of the State,and the other will be filed in theCourt of Appeals. It is probable thatJudge Edward C. O'Rear will be retaned as counsel to fight the cases,though no definite assurance of thiscould be had.All of the representatives attending the meeting denounced the TaxCommission, and declared that legalaction, would be taken this year before the coming election.T! .3 i XTTT,J5J,i JUJiIIJJ31SJliJI4JllIrI3IIj;MKlCOULDN'T STANDSLIGHTEST NOISEWas So Nervous Before Taking Meritone That Play Noises of Children Disturbed Her.i're have just bought, at Governmentt Hon, u large number of army tents,3ik'.6, Uke picture, 3 ft. roll up sides,double door flaps. Will hold eightoih; some are larger.These tents are made of No. 9canvas, U. S. Regulation specificationsand cost the Government $125.00 each.Many of them have never been used.Our prioe $25.00 as long as they last.Prompt buyer can have choice ofkhaki or white. Address quickHazard Supply Co.' 1002 W. MAIN ST.LOUISVILLE, KY.T.One Ton Fordin excellenttnechanicaS condition. .Price on Applicationfrancs. Kellyffpj 1010 GI!HrfA?Citictirxal,0.P1H..H i ) Tnjtct rrnzzj ryuigfljug."I was so nervous that the leastnoise upset me," said Mrs. CatherineWoods, of R. R. No. 8, Lexington,Ky."I couldn't even stand for the children to play near me on account ofthe noise they would make and Icould hardly get any sleep at night.Had Stomach Trouble"I had stomach trouble so badthat I could not eat meat or anykind of solid food without severe suffering afterward."At times the gas on. my stomachwould cause me so much pain that Ithought I would die."Everything I ate would just layon my stomach and wouldn't digestat all."I had been seeing Meritone advertised and finally decided to try it."Since taking it I can truthfullysay that there never was such a goodmedicine as Meritone."I am not disturbed by any amountof noise that the children may make,and I can sleep much better."All the trouble with, my stomachis entirely gone, and I can eat anything, digest it perfectly and neverhave any gas or pains in my stomach." Meritone, the tonic of real merit,is being used with, wonderful resultsby many people throughout the country in correcting ailments of the system, such as stomach, liver or kidneytrouble, catarrh, rheumatism, sleeo-lessness or lack of appetite.Meritone is sold exclusively inParis at G. S. Varden & Son's.(april25-mayl6)oWe have had an object lesson ingovernment owenrship and one lesson is enough and too much.oDO YOU SLEEP WELL?To be at his best a man must havesound, refreshing sleep. When wakeful and restless at night he is in nocondition for work or business duringthe day. Wakefulness is often causedby indigestion and constipation, andis quickly relieved by Chamberlain'sTablets. Try a dose of these tabletsand see how much better you feelwith a clear head and good digestion.(adv-april)el)MHn4iHI(UHitHHHIlfl4WfmHHHmiiThe J- T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMERSParis Ky.Mmlnand SixthStreetsDay phone 36Night : . . 56or Home 286Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourLimousine Invalid Coach.Herse used for funeral purposes only.T !i jJhhHHHHGRAND SSeu 1Daylfcl AIM Ft A "V MatineeOnly I WillA Iand NightMAYSPERFORMANCES START AT 2:10 AND 8:10 P. M.The Most Astounding Production of All TimeD. W. GRIFFITH'SSUPREME PRODUCTIONHearts EWorldA romance of the great war. Eighteen months in the making.Filmed on the battlefields of France, under the auspices of the Britishand French governments.1,000,000 Fighting Men; 50,000 HorsesMILES OF ARTILLERY, FLEETS OF AIRPLANES, HUNDREDS OF GIANTTANKS, ALL IN ACTIONIf you don't see "Hearts of the World" you will miss the greatestachievement brought forth in the entire history of drama.HBETTER THAN "THE BIRTH OF A NATION1)LILLIAN" GISILROBE0EHEWQED,rA Large Symphony Orchestra will Perform a Brilliant Score at Each Performance.PRICESNIGHT: 50c plus war tax 55c; 75c plus war tax 83c; $1.00 pluswar tax $1,10; Boxes $1.50 plus war tax $1.65.MATINEE: 25c plus war tax 28c; 50c plus war tax 55c; 75c pluswar tax 83c; Boxes $1.00 plus war tax $1.10.Intending patrons should make seat reservations well in advance toavoid disappointment. Mail orders will be given prompt attention.Seats on sale at The Alamo Friday, May 2nd.rrt-.V.a..a .a7i..mr.Z.rt-MILTON H. SMITH AGAIN CHOSENL.fcN. PRESIDENT.The Li. & N. Railroad Companycontinued its annual practice ofelecting: Milton H. Smith its president at the organization meeting ofthe directors in New York, accordingto the minutes which were receivedat the general offices at Ninth streetand Broadway, Louisville. The directors re-elected Henry Walters vicepresident, and Eldridge Locke-, secretary and treasurer. The organizationmeeting followed the recent stockholders' meeting m Louisville.What has happened to SenatorSherman that he has quit firing hisgas shells at the Peace Conference?MONTGOMERY COUNTY HOMEDESTROYED BY ITRE.The home of Matt Ford, of nearAaron's Run, Montgomery county,was burned, to the ground Wednesdaynight about 6 o'clock. The cause ofthe fire is unknown. About $1,500insurance was carried on the houseand furniture. r.John BTelton, a relative of Mrs.Ford's and who is 106 years old,and Mr. Ford's mother, Mrs. AliceAnderson., 85 years old, were rescuedfrom the1 flames, being carried outjust a few minutes before the ruinscaved in.MUCHEEKSMASTER'S SALEOFBe Better Looking TakeOlive TabletsIf your skin is yellow complexion pallidtongue coated appetite poor you havea bad taste in your mouth a lazy, no-goodfeeling you should take Olive Tablets.Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets a substituteforcalomel were prepared by Dr.Edwardsafter 17 years of study with his patients.1Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets are a purely,vegetable compound mixed with olive oil.You will know them by their olive color.1To have a clear, pink skin, bright eyes,no pimples, a feeling of buoyancy likechildhood daysyou must get at the cause.Dr.Edwards' Olive Tablets act on theliver and bowels like calomel yet haveno dangerous after effects.They start the bile and overcome constipation. That's why millions of boxes aretold annually at 10c and 25c per box. Alldruggists. Take one or two nightly and.note the pleasing results.FOR SALE ATLAST!IMMHIMII Hfrf H-H4-ilH' l.t,,The real estate firm of Thompson & Downs, at Taylorsvlile,Ky., have at last succeeded ingetting on their list for sale,among many others, one of thefinest farms in Kentucky, containing 350 acres 160 acres ingrass, 115 acres in wheat, thebest in the county and the balance has been in clover, and isnow being plowed, a great partof which has been plowed earlyThis land is in a high state ofcultivation. It has the finesthome in Nelson county, an eightroom residence, beside hall,porches, etc., all fitted up withelectric lights, water works,bath, toilet; is furnace-heated,and is modern in every respect.The place has a very fine cattlebarn with 120 individual stalls;lots of shed and loft room; hastwo large tile silos that willhold 330 tons; one of the finestcemented graineries in theState; an eight-acre tobaccobarn, an. extra good one; barnshave lights and water; threeextra good tenant houses, withall good outbuildings with each;good fencing all over the place;good orchard an plenty of goodwater. Price right. Address, 'THOMPSON & DOWNSReal Estate Agents,Taylorsville, Ky.(25-tf)Two Double Houses.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.. PlaintiffsAlma T. Adafrr Etc.Vs.Albert C. Adair, Etc DefendantsUnder and by virtue of a judgmentand order of sale rendered at theMarch term, 1919, in the abovestyled action therein pending, theundersigned Master Commissioner, onSATURDAY, MAY 3, 1919.at about the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.,at the- front door of the Court House,in Paris, Kentucky, will sell at publicauction to the highest and best bidder, the following described property: Two double frame houses locatedon the corner of Fifteenth Street, inthe City of Paris, Kentucky, and described by metes and bounds, as follows: 1. Beeriiining on 15th Street, cor-Iner to Lot No. 1, in Ingles Divisionto the city of Pans, Ky., west ofHigh Street 50 feet from High streetand running thence with High Street50 feet to Lot No. 3, in said Division;thence parallel to High Street 150feet to an alley; thence parallel with15th Street to an alley; 7890,yNzbn15th Street 50 feet to Lot No. 1 insaid division; thence in a line parallel to High Street 150 feet to thebeginning, being Lot No. 2 in saidAddition west of High Street.2. Beginning on the South side ofloth Street and corner to High Streetextended and being Lot. No. 1 western division of Ingels Addition tothe Citv of Paris; thence in a westerly direction and with 15th Street50 feet to tne lot neretoiore conveyed by Ingles to Stamler and by Stamler to the second party; thence withthe line of second party in a southerly direction 150 feet to an alley,corner to second party; thence in aneasterly direction and with said alley50 feet to High Street extended;thence in a northerly direction andwith said High Street extended 150'feet to the beginning.Said sale will be made upon thecredits of six and twelve months, thepurchaser or purchasers being required to execute their two bonds forrequal parts of the purchase pricethereof, with good surety to be approved by the Commissioner, due sixand twelve months from date of salerespectively, and bearing interest atthe rate of six per cent, per annumfrnm date of sale until paid, andhaving the force and effect of judgments.O. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner of the BourbonCircuit Court,22-td)" " ! .mini i .iiiii , . JHere's the big work, littlecost tractor the TitanTHE Titan 10-20 has been on? the market foryears and has made good without reservation.10 horsepower at the draw bar 20 horsepowerat the belt.A well-balanced tractor that is suited to all farmI power work. It drives easily, affords maximum pull! ing power for its weight, and is suited in every way to! the general run of farm work. Not too large for thei small farm, yet large enough, to handle a great volume, of work. .Use it with an Oliver PlowWe recommend that you. use an Oliver plow withyour Titan tractor because it means the best plowingunder all conditions. The combined rolling coulterand jointer buries all trash and weeds at the bottomof the furrow; the stop device maintains an even depthof furrow; the plow points enter and leave the groundfirst, making it possible to plow? dear to the ends of thefield; and the trip rope contaol operates easily fromthe driver's seat on the tractor.We have a full line of Oliver plows as well as theTitan tractor here at our salesroom.C. S. BALL GARAGEMmDrs. Coover & WatsonVETEKNTAEIANS;(Successors to Dr. H. M. Hamilton.)Both Phones 347.Office, Bourbon Garage-(15apr-lmo-pd)Clerks WantedGovernment clerk examinationsApril 23, May 17. Hundreds ofclerks needed, $92 month. Youngmen, 18 and over, desiring government positions, departmental, railway mail, postoffice, write, for freeparticulars. J. C. Leonard, (formerCivil Service Examiner), 945 Equitable Building, Washington, D. G.(15-4t)WANTEDTo rent a furnished house beginning May 1 or June 1. Will leasefor any period agreeable to owner.(15-tf) MRS. M. C. BROWNING.Anything In Your Eye?Many people who come to us forexamination imagine there is someforeign substance in their eyes.It is hard to convince them, sometimes, that these gritty,, sandy,,scratching, irritating conditions 'aresymptoms and effects due to refractory errors which usually can be corrected by the wearing of properly fitted glasses. Let us take the "grit"out of your eyes.Dr. Wm. Riley FranklinSuite 205-6 First National BMk,Both Phones, Paris, Ky.MW, X . . . . - . iFRIDAY, APRIL 25, 1919.THE BOUEBOH HEWS, PAWS, KEflTTTCKTflGIThe Greatest NameIn Goody-LandVT I II II III III ! U ill IIITTTlffTII III II, III HI UW&LJff Seated fight Kept RUbf 27flie Flavor LastsAPPROVES BOURBON MANThe Stanford Interior-Journalsays: "The selection of Hon. ClaudeThomas, of Bourbon, to succeed thelamented Gen. John B. Castlemanas president of the Saddle HorseBreeders' dissociation, of which hewas the founder, is doubtless an admirable one, but there will neveragain be found a man who will takeso great interest in the breeding ofsaddle horses as the general or one,who can 'set' a horse as well andwith such evident pride."0WHOOPINa COUGH.Give Chamberlain's Cough Remedyto keep the cough coose and expectoration easy. It is execellent.(adv-april)oYou can't eat enough at one mealto last you a week, neither can aVmcinpss man advertise enonerh inone week to last a year.oIf the prohibition test case whichhas been inaugurated in New Yorkby Elihu Root should fail, rememberwe still have root beer.SOCIAL AND PEIiSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.The News Job Department is Always Busy,"There's a Reason." Work Done Right !HOW TO AVOIDBACKACHE ANDNERVOUSNESSTold by Mrs. Lynch FromOwn Experience.Providence, R. I. "I was all rundown in health, was nervous, had head-acnes, my Daoitached all the time.I was tired and hadno ambition for anything. I had takena number of medicines which did meno good. One dayI read about LydiaE. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound andwhat it had done forwomen, so I triedit. My nervousnessand backache andheadaches disappeared. I gained inweight and feel fine, so I can honestlyrecommend Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound to any woman who iasuffering as I was. " Mrs. Adeline B.Lynch, 100 Plain St, Providence, R.I.Backache and nervousness are symptoms or nature's warnings, which indicate a functional disturbance or anunhealthy condition which often develops into a more serious ailment.Women in this condition should not.continue to drag along without help, butprofit by Mrs. Lynch 's experience, andtry this famous root and herb remedy,Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-Eound and for special advice write toydia E. Pinkham Med.Co., Lynn, MaearsBe Sure To See ThisALL-Year Oil StoveMiss Elizabeth Steele will haveas her guest this week Miss MaryFoster, of Covington.Dr. Jas. A. Yates, of Richmond,bas been visiting his brother, Mr. B.L. Yates, of this city.Secretary Z. L. Wilcox, of theY. M. C. A., was in Versailles thisweek on a business mission.Dr. and Mrs. Milton J. Sternhave as guests at their home Mrs.Ernest Matthews, of Knoxville,Tenn.Dr. James A. Yates has returnedto his home in Richmond, after avisit to his brother, Mr. B. L. Yates,in this city.-Mrs. Wm. R. Scott, of Louisville, is a guest of Mr. and Mrs. Wm.McCray, near North Middletown, andof friends in this city.Mr. M. B. Moss was in Carlisle,Flemingsburg and Maysville thisweek, in the. interest of the Parboken Oil Company, of Paris.Mrs. Anna McDougall, has returned to Hamilton College" in Lexington, after a visit to Mrs. MaymeParrish, on Houston avenue.Mr. J. Simms Wilson, of J. S.Wilson & Bro., has gone to Pensacola, Okla., on an inspection trip tohis business properties there.Among the visitors in Paris thisweek was Mr. George Wycoff, aprominent attorney of Winchester,who was here on legal business.Mr. and Mrs. Perry M. Shy anddaughter, Miss Edith Shy, of Winchester, were recent guests of theformer's parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. D.Shy, in this city.Dr. Marmaduke Brown has returned to his position as interne inthe Cincinnati General Hospital, after a visit to his father, Dr. J.T. Brown, and Mrs. Brown, inthis city.Messrs. W. L. Blakemore, WadeH. Whitley, George W. Stuart andCharles P. Mann, officers of the LeeKent Oil Co., paid a visit of inspection this week to the company'sholdings in Owsley county.Chief of Police Link, CoronerRudolph Davis, Dr. W. C. Usseryand W. V. Shaw, of the'L. & N.. attended the opening game at LeaguePark, Cinciniiati, Wednesday, between the Cincinnati and St. Louisteams.Messrs. George Carey, of CareyReed Co., and C. P. Parris, representing the Barber Asphalt Co., werehere this week conferring with Mayor January and members of the CityCouncil in regard to contemplatedstreet improvements in Paris.Rev. R. C. Goldsmith, pastor ofthe Baptist church, lett Wednesdayfnr Pofthester. Minn., where he willenter the Mayo Bros. Hospital, torexamination and treatment. On account of Rev. Goldsmith's absencethe revival meeting which was tohave begun at his church next Monday, 'Conducted by Rev. Dr. Bailey, ofMaysville, has been postponed untilsometime in June.(Other. Personals on Page 5)oFORMER HARRISON COUNTYMAN WINS CONTEST.Mr. Lawrence S. Williams, formerly of Cynthiana, now residing inPhoenix, Arizona, was the successfulcontestant in awards for an officialinscription for the Arizona columnin the Victory Loan colonnade inNew York.Mr. Williams is a cousin of Attorney John J. Williams, of Paris.The inscription which won the awardwas as follows:"To the Souls of Our Dead, WhoOn Fields of France Are Sleeping,Let The Message Now Be Sped."o.0titmWolf, Wile & Co.LEXINGTON, KENTUCKYGirls' ApparelFor FestiveOccasionsOne must not lose sight of tha fact that young misswill also share in the festivities which will hold forthduring the "Little Season."There will be parties, the matinees, or perhaps rshewill resume her dancing lessons. Our Junior departmentalways criterions of fashion have assembled forthe young girl, 6 to 16 years of age, a collection of apparel for every occasion.Youthful apparel, especially designed with due regard for becomingness, simplicity and refinement so important in correct attire for the young girl.Crepe de Chine Frocks Taffeta Silk FrocksGeorgette Frocks Flowered Chiffon FrocksNet Frocks Organdie Frocksand accessories. .Capes CoatsMillinery SweatersUnderwear HosieryWolf, Wile CO, Co.LEXINGTON, KENTUCKYDetroit Vapor Stoves"Work Like Gas"The same conveniece and simplicity of the city gasjstove is offered in thesehigh grade oil stoves. The same year-round utility andjthe fact that they "worklike gas" makes Detroit Vapor Stoves comparable to tie gas range not to thecommon oiTstove. f ITHEY BURN OIL, GASOLINE .OR DISTILLATEDetroit Vapor Stoves give 19 hour, of perfect cr to the gallon. Theyare as fast as gas and cheaper than gas, al or d "" Tl "eh.stantly.LEMON JUICEFOR FRECKLES 1,4 Girls! Make beauty lotion ior! a few cents Try It!T . - . .... TT "f Squeeze the juice of two lemons !into a bottle containing three ouncesfo orchard white, shake well, andyou have a quarter pint of the bestfreckle and tan. lotion, and complexion beautifier, at very, verysmall cost.Your grocer has the lemons and'any drug store or toilet counterwill supply three ounces of orchardwhite for a few cents. Massagethis sweetly fragrant lotion into theface, neck, arms and hands each dayand see how freckles and blemishesdisappear and how clear, soft androsy-white the skin becomes. Yes!It is harmless and never irritates.(aprl8-tf-F)oOf the fifteen lines comprisingthe system of Chinese governingrailways, only one was built by theChinese themselves.A.1F. Wheeler Furniture Co.CHAS. GREEN, Mnir Opposite Court HouseWtti9''BePfcCor. Malntnd Third StsFor Influenza!For influenza and after effects,use K. U. Tablets. They Tmild upyour nerves and stomach; rid thesystem of all aches, pains and tiredfeelings. They restore vigor andvim. They are fine for headacheand rheumatism. The contents of K.U. Tablets .are used by all of the bestphysicians of the country.Don't be without them In yourhojme. Once tried they axe alwaysused. They are put up In 10c and25c boxes and are for sale by alldruggists and groceries.Distributed by theK. IT. CHEMICAL CO..568 McClelland Building,7feb-3mos) Lexington, Ky.kRENGOJ?!U.No reducing corsets are so trulyeconomical, so long-lived or sosatisfying as these extra-stronggarments.The Rengo Belt feature oftailoring has become famousamong medium and stoutwomen, because it solves theproblem of retaining shapeliness wnere tne greatest straincomes over the abdomen and hips. Note the exclusivemethod of boning this portion of the garment, then wear one RengoBelt model you will find your first supreme corset satisfaction.Models for every figure some with steelastic webbing for greaterfreedom all with double watch spring boning.Prices of Rengo Belt Corsets Range from 1 to $10For Sale by FRANK & CO.H ffl -i rs ft 1 ,WarnF MHW. I ft c I in1iIrw mm1.1 U' Li 111 lil'li I'lil'lil' lij1 KJ lilSHOE POLISHESSave reLeatherKeiyoittiShoeENeatLIQUIDS and PASTESBCACKAMUTE.TAN AMD CKMO0D(MfiRMM)SiJ0ESSend That Next Job of Printing to TheBourbon News. Best Work; Right Prices.;it:J;V.uiitlM MIViMi:ii:MV!,mmmmmdkMBaaaaMtaiPAGE FOUXTHE BOUBBGN NEWSK PABIS, XERXUCKZFRIDAY, APRIL 25, 1919.INTERESTING OIL NOTESMfOn tke Comet lease in the RossCreek section of Estill county, theBourbon Oil & Development Company have completed No. 1 and 6nthe William Raider lease No. 1, eachcredited with two barrels.The Columbia Oil & Gas Company, of Louisville, which has a largenumber of stockholders in Paris, hascompleted well No. 8 on the E. S.Moore lease in Lee, which is showingfor 20 berrels or better.NOTICE TO GAS CONSUMERS.The Central Kentucky NaturalGas Co. have notified us that theyhave raised the price of gas in Lexington, Winchester and Mt. Sterling to forty cents net per thousandcubic feet, and that under our contract with them we can not chargeless than they charge in these threetowns.This raise of two cents per thousand cubic feet -will take effect beginning with the meter statementsfor the last of this month and youwill be billed at the slight advanceon your bills for the month of May.The new price beginning with theabove date will be forty-five centsgross and forty cents net per thousand cubic feet.Yours Respectfully,C. L. STEENBERGEN,(22-2t) Manager.BOY SCOUT TROOP ORGANIZED.A troop of Boy Scouts composed ofboys from the Catholic church inthis city has been organized here,officered as follows: James O'Connell, Scoutmaster; Patrol Leaders,John Welsh and Lauthman Woods,with Ralph Connell, assistant -patrol leader, and Frank Rourke, secretary. The privates composing the newcompany are as follows: John Walsh,Ralph Connell, Frank Rourke, LettonTerry, James Gorey, Leslie Fudold,James Flanagan, William Jordan,Lauthman Woods, Fred Fister, JohnLenox, Herbert Fister, Chas. Keller,George Browner and George Adams.Regular meetings will be held atJ the Catholic Club, and the work ofdrilling will be carried on until theboys have become in reality, "littlesoldiers."WHIPPET ARMORED TANK PAYSPARIS A visit;WESTERN STATE HOSPITAL TOHAVE NEW TUBERCULOSISWARD.The State Board, of Control of.Charitable and Penal Institutions let! a contract with the Forbes Manufacturing Company for the erection of a$9,700 tuberculosis ward at theWestern State Hospital at Hopkins-ville. This ward will be the firstunit of a larger hospital built to accommodate tuberculosis patients asthe need for it becomes apparent.Work on the building will begin assoon as the weather conditions permit.HAVE YOUGOT A BABY?If you have you should have aKERRY OR DEXTER COWThese .breeds were never known to havetuberculosis. Fresh cows with calves, registered. XALAPA FARM(ap25-6t) Telephone 1057IBlue Grass Oil Exchange(Incorporated)Kentucky Oil Securities bought andsold at Open Call Sessions everyWednesday . 8:00 p. m.Saturday . . 4:00 p. m.Saturday . . 8:00 p. m.One Sale Wednesday. Two Sales Saturday.41 S MAIN STREETCumb. Phone 313 Next to N. KrienerOn. Tuesday the Whippet armoredtank, sent out by the Government tostimulate interest in. the Fifth. Liberty Loan, paid Paris a visit, andgave demonstrations at the city rockquarry and was on exhibition infront of the court house.The tank, mounted on a trailerdarawn by a big Government truck,was met by a reception committee,accompanied by Rudolph-Davis, Publicity Secretary, and, headed by theLiberty Drum Corps in. a. big motortruck, was paraded through thestreets. It was then taken to therock quarry, where a demonstrationwas given of its powers. It wasthen brought back to Main, streetand stationed on the court housesquare, where it was inspected bycrowds of interested citizens. Thetank was in charge, of a crew composed of Chas. A. Hyde, manager;Gordon Rensing, driver; 1st Lieut.Donald Bennett, 40th Infantry, U.S. A.; Leo B. Scanlin, truck driver;Jos. B. Derbers and J. M. Andrus,assistants.Late in the afternoon, followingthe exhibit and demonstration, thetank, while being loaded on thetrailer for transportation to Cynthiana, became overbalanced, and wasoverturned, falling with a crash tothe stret, landing on its side. Thedriver, Leo B. Scanlin, and ManagerChas. A. Hyde, were in the machine,but crawled out and escaped injury.Two big Fordson tractors were sentto the rescue by the Ruggles MotorCo., and with the aid of powerfuljacks, it was righted again. Theparty left Wednesday morning forCynthiana.oMRS. HICKS' RESIDENCE BURNS.The residence of Mrs. Susan Hicks,on the Hicks pike between Broadwelland Leeslick, burned Modnay morning at about ten o'clock Nearly allof the household effects were lost.Insurance on building, $700; on furniture, $300. It is thought the firewas started by the explosion of agasoline stove.SBPEEf'THE PARBOEENOIL COMPANY(INCORPORATED)Paris, KentuckyB-4 PI REInsure withW.O. HINTON $SON,Agtso$350,000 EIRE VISITS SCRANTON,PENNSYLVANIA.Fire at Scranton, Pa., destroyedthe building of the New Wall PaperCompany and spread to the wholesale liquor store of the Scranton Distributing Company and the CohenBlock, practically destroying them.The loss is estimated at $350,000.Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanMONEY EIGHT IN YOUR HANDFOR EGGS. POULTRYAND JUNK.JAMES CALDWELLPresidentCLARENCE K, THOMASTreasurerDR. J. M. WILLIAMSVice PresidentOSCAR T. HINTONSecretaryCAPT. WM. COLLINSField ManagerAFTER THE PRESENT ISSUE OF A LIMITED AMOUNTOF STOCK IS SOLD AT FIFTY CENTS, THERE WILL BE NOMORE STOCK SOLD FOR LESS THAN $1.00 .THE COMPANYRESERVES THE. RIGHT TO WITHDRAW THE 50-CENT ISSUEAT ANY TIME . IF YOU DESIRE PARB0KEN AT FIFTY CENTSFILL OUT THE BLANK BELOW AT ONCE, ENCLOSE YOURCHECK AND MAIL BOTH TO MR. CLARENCE K. THOMAS, TREASURER. PARB0KEN IS THE BEST 0ILST0CK BUY ON THE MARKET.Stock SubscriptionParboken Oil Company(Incorporated)Paris, KentuckyI hereby subscribe for shares of the capital stock to be issued by the PAR-1 BOKEN OIL CO.. at the price of 50 cents per share, fully paid and non-assessable.3Thetotal amount hereby subscribed being $ which amount is tendered herewith injullm payment or tnis suDScnption.Dated this day of 1919.Signed ...."AddressCheeks payable to C. K. Thomas, Treasurer, must accompany this subscription.WwfwTiffiHighest cash price .for eggs,poultry, hides and junk.MUNICH & WIDES CO.,(11-tf) Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.Mr. Burleson's maxim is simplythat if business interferes with politics, why business will just naturally have to be sacrificed.If anybody asks you if you haveany children, after your offspringsare twenty-one years old tell themno.STrTnptoms of sleeping sickness inthe bucolie youth may be discouraged by presenting him with a spadelabelled, "Not for bait."ym LEG-BENT OIL MOTINCORPORATEDCapital Stock $500,000? - Par Value $1 .OOW. R. BLAKEMORE, President EDWARD F. SPEARS, 2nd Vice PresidentDR. J. M. WILLIAMS, Vice President BLAIR A. VARDEN, Secretary v5 JW. C. BELL. TreasurerC. P. MANN, Sales ManagerWe Are Three Weeks OldHave Sold 250,000 Shares of StockAnd the most gratifying thing to us is the fact that seventy-five per cent, of all stock sold up to thisbeen subscribed by Bourbon county people. -time hasf?We haye launched three selling campaigns, and in each one we were very much over-subscribed. Now we are offering fora few days a limited amount of stock at 40 cents, which should be taken as rapidly as each of thj other sales. Why do we saythis? Because we own to-day five times more in value than we owned then. -Our holdings now consist of the following: Twenty-five acres on Hell Creek; Lee County.in proven territory; one hundredand twenty-five acres on Upper Buffalo Creek, Owsley County, which is close to the well just drilled by Snowden Bros., who broughtin a seventy-five barrel well. This lease alone should be worth thousands of dollars to us. We also own one-sixteenth royalty inthe famous Milhe Freeman tract of four hundred acres, now fourteen wells and twenty-two. more under contract. Two companiesare developing this tract. The royalty i. worth $75,000. We haye just closed a deal for. one hundred and fourteen and one-halfacres of land m Texas, where they are getting the big wells. Aside from these, we have several options on royalties and leases,which we are closing as fast as possible. Our stock is easily Worth one dollar, but we are determined to give the people a chanceto secure some of this stock at the low price of forty cents for a" few days. - " i ' -i...:You Had Better Buy Today! Procrastination is the Thief ofDo not let this opportunity pass you, a.d in lest than than thirty you will say "1 wish I had done so and so." Act today. The oil business i, a,n its infancy. Buy on a rising market and reap the harvest that your neighbors, are reaping. Reference-Farmer, and Traders Bank, Paris, Ky., Timpf Icertainty and If;jif..-'FRIDAY, APRIL 25. 1919.THE BOTTRBOK. IIEWS; "PAMS, XEHTBfeT"PAGE Hfl J. ;4C!sFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEWOOL WANTEDWill pay highest marketprice Sacks furnished free.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(aprl8-tf)QEEED FOR CHICKENS FEED FORBIG A2TC) UTILE.We have both coarse and finechicken feed, for biff and littlechicks.(It) C P. COOK & CO.. oA FLNE FOAL.At the Claiborne Stock Farm ofMr. A. B. Hancock, .near Paris, Wednesday, the imported mare Melody,belonging to Clarence Mackey, ofNew York, foaled a fine chestnutcolt by Prince Palatine. Melody is asister to Mendicant, winner of theStewards' Cup in England.oIN AUTO ACCIDENT.A roadster driven by DeweyMyers, of Clintonville, was badlywrecked when it went over an embankment on the Paris pike nearHutchison, landing upside down in aditch. Mr. Myers escaped with a fewbruises. The machine was towedin to a local garage for repairs.oMONEY RIGHT IN YOTJR HANDFOR EGGS, POULTRYAND JUNK.Highest cash price for eggs,poultry, hides and junk.MUNICH & WIDBS CO.,(11-tf) Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.oCOTTONSEED MEAL.Swift's Digester Tankage 60Protein for Hogs.Swift's High Grade Fertilizer forTobacco.8-tf ) CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.oBUYING BOURBON HORSES.Mr. E. L. James, a prominentNew York horseman, purchased thisweek of Mr. Letton Vimont, of nearParis, his famous premium saddlemare, Blondin, for $1,000. He alsopurchased of Allie G. Jones, of NorthMiddletown, a fine chestnut geldingby Bourbon King, for ?800. Mr.James was represented in the purchases by Mr. H. Clay Sharp, of Lexington. THTTS DOG WITH RABIESA dog evidently suffering from theeffects of rabies, was shot and killedby Dr. Wm. Kenney, Tuesday, onthe Lexington pike, near the McGinnis store. The dog had attackedstock on a nearby farm, and had attempted to jump into a passing vehicle. Dr. Kenney secured a shot gun andfired six shots, the last one at closerange killing the animal.-oBLUE SERGES FOR SUMMER.Nothing can beat 'em for serviceor looks. We have 'em in a style tosuit every taste $35, $40, ?45and $50.J. W. DAVIS & CO.. oRUSH OF BUSINESS CAUSESPOSTPONEMENT OFVACATIONOwing to an unusual rush I havebeen compelled to postpone my vacation trip until further notice. Comealong now.(It) - - A. R. JOHNS." A TESTIMONIAL TO "ROXIE."To Coroner Rudolph Davis, ofParis, is due a large part of thecredit for the great success whichhas accompanied each Liberty Loandrive put through in Bourbon county. Acting without compensation inthe capacity of publicity secretaryMr. Davis has worked day and nightto get the public acquainted with thefacts pertaining to public meetings,entertainments, etc.. He has received many letters and telegrams ofcongratulation from the Libertyheadquarters at Cleveland, O., andNew York. He has one from themen who were in charge of the Whippet tank which was demonstrated inParis, Tuesday, which he values veryhighly.o 'INSURANCE.Fire, Tornado, Lightning,Automobile and Hail.YERKES & PEED.(jahl4-tf)oU. S. GOVERNMENT TROPHYTRAIN "mflra TO-MORROW.The next event on the program ofattractions in aid of the Fifth Liberty Loan is the U. S. Governmenttrain, filled with interesting wartrophies, vliicli will be exhibited tothe people of Bourbon county at theL. & N. passenger station, in thiscity, to-morrow. Saturday. April 26.The Trophy Train will arrive atjthe Tenth Street Station at 5:45 p.m., and will be parked there, it vrilYbe open to the inspection of the public from 7:00 p. m. until 11:00 p.m. This train will contain numerous war relics -that will be highlyinteresting to the public. The different exhibits will be explained fullyby Government officials, accompanying the train.As was the case on a previous occasion when the Trophy Train visited Paris, large crowds .are expected to visit the exhibit, which hasbeen generously provided by the U. S.Government that the people may getsome insight into the .gre,at implements of war used in the conflict'with Germany.SOCIAL A2TD PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mr. Edward Bedford is in Lewiscounty, on a fishing trip.Mrs. Luther Redmon and sonBilly, of Mt. Sterling, are guests ofrelatives in this city.Rev. Julian A. McClintock hasreturned to Richmond after a visitto relatives in this city.Miss Florence Rogers has returned to her home in Frankfort after a visit to Paris frifmrioMr. L. A. Soper left Wednesdayfor Artesia, Miss., to look after hisfarming: interests in that vicinity.Charles Clarke, ten-year-old sonof Mr. and Mrs. John T. Clarke iscritically ill of typhoid-meningitis.Mrs. Charles Rieckel, of Cynthiana, was a guest yesterday of MrsLyttleton B. Purnell, on Vine street.Mrs. Albert Hinton continues toimprove in a Cincinnati hospital,where she underwent an operationseveral days ago.Mr. H. B. Kinsolving, of Louisville, representing the KentuckyNOilJournal, was a caller at THE NEWSoffice yesterday.Mr. P. A. Thompson, formerParis attorney, and recently discharged from the army service, wasa visitor in Paris yesterday.Mr. Andrew J. Gorey, of Covington, is a guest of his brother, Mr. Edward Gorey, in this city, and is attending the Lexington races.Mrs. James Thompson, Jr.,spent the Easter holidays in Lexington, as a guest of her parents, Mr.and Mrs. O. H. CJienault, on Ashland avenue.Miss Marie Collins, of NorthMiddletown, has returned from anextended visit to points in the North,and is a guest of her sister. MissMildred Collins, in Lexington.Mr. and Mrs. Charles Hushesand Mrs. Armistead Hughes have returned to their homes in Lexington,after a visit to Mrs. Louis Mussinon,at her home on South Main street.Mrs. George Dorsey, of nearHutchison, is a patient at the MassieMemorial Hospital, in this city,where she underwent an operationyesterday by a Lexington surgeon.Mrs. Will G. McClintock entertained with a bridge party at herhome on Pleasant street yesterdayafternoon. Mrs. McClintock will entertain with a reception this afternoon from three to four o'clock.Mr. and Mrs. George Keller arehere from Dallas, Texas, for a visitto the former's parents, Dr. and Mrs.A. H. Keller. Mr. Keller has extensive oil leases near Ranger, Texas,which are yielding him handsomerevenue.Mr. L. D. Harris, whose anklewas broken by a fall at the GrandOpera House Sunday afternoon, isresting comfortably at his home onWalker avenue. His leg has beenencased in (a plaster cast. As a"shut-in" he is manifesting a verycheerful disposition.Cynthiana Democrat: " MissRosina Elder, of Paris, is a guest ofMiss Pauline Roberts .... Mrs. Nellie Stoker Highland, of Paris, comesto-day for a stay of several dayswith Mrs. W. A. Penn Miss Al-berta Harneyvisit to Misshas returned from aHazel Brewsaugh, inParis.". . Flemingsburg Times-Democrat:"Millard Doyle and two daughtersand N. J. Hinton, of Paris, wereguests of relatives and friends herelast week. .. .Carl Carpenter, wifeand little daughter, Virginia, returned to their home in Paris, Monday,after a visit to Lot Bramel andfamily."The following beautifully engraved invitation has been received:Mrs. James H. Thompsoninvites you to meetMrs. James W. Thompson NMiss Martha FergusonTuesday, April twenty-ninthThree to Five O'clocknowlmiil Villa. Paris, KentuckyMr. and Mrs. Lyle Duv, o7-imerly of Paris; who have been guestsat the Hotel Windsor for severaldays, returned to their home in Louisville, Monday. They have been ona vacation trip to points in Bourbon,and spent several days in fishing instreams near where Mr. Duvall spenthis boyhood days.Carlisle Mercury: "Miss jvioiueMcMahan, of Paris, visited relativesin Carlisle from Saturday until ivionHav Mr. and Mrs. R. G. Mooreand baby; of Paris, are visiting relatives here. Mrs. Moore was nnmerly Miss Hazel Kimbrall, who wasoperator for the local home Telephone Company Mr. and Mrs.Rye Whitson and daughter, MissFrances, and Mrs. Bedford Whitson,of Ruddles Mills, D. P. Vaugnn anafnihr nf TCiliRville. and Mrs. MillieVaughn, of Paris, spent Easter with JAir. ana iir&. .Diua.u.u.u.0 , ..Many social affairs in honor ofMiss Martha Ferguson, of Paris, hois to become the bride of Dr. McKinlay, have been arranged for thisweek and next in Lexington, Georgetown and Paris. . .Yesterday Miss Carolyn jtobtsutujrand Mrs. Hiram Roseberry gave MissFerguson a card party at the homeof the former, near Paris; this afternoon Mrs. Robert Ferguson will entertain her with an afternoon tea ather home' near this city; tomorrowevening Miss Elizabeth Steele wilgive a dinner at her home m Parisparty, ouuuojr .. 'h...v J .,. - wv QiinnAr for ner..SOU Will SiY a uuv -rjrv-Mrs. Jos. M. nan win cr.. ,tt luncheon -at tne u e'Monday, followed by a party toraces for miss jib:; .- Misraces lor miss jdcib- - - MissKinlay, and on Monday evening ItosKinlay, ana on .j - ir .HughMarguerite Ferguso-n '" tteFerguson will give a dinner forwedding party; Mrs. JeuesThompson will f1" "!?tion ItMS. James W. Thompson and MFerguson; Tuesday f Cot'lonMr. Charlton Clay and Miss Fergu,,.son. the bride-elect.COtber Personal on Fage .)LIBERAL ADVERTISING HELPED.COMMITTEE THANKSCONTRIBUTORSThe Fifth Liberty Loan in Bourbon county was put over with a rush,the first county in the State to report as having oversubscribed itsquota. The campaign was -liberallyadvertised. Without this publicityit could not have been possible to accomplish the task of this big undertaking. The business firms and citizens of Bourbon county subscribedliberally to the advertising fund.The committee wants to thank themand assure them their money waswell spent. Those contributing tosaid fund are as follows:Ruggles Motor Co., A. J. WintersCo., Farmers & Traders Bank, Harris& Speakes, Paris Gas & Electric Co.,First National Bank, Peoples DepositBank & Trust Co., W. Ed. Tucker,Dailey & McMillan, Co-operatingLand & Development Co., BourbonOil & Development Co., Bourbon Agricultural Bank & Trust Co., Mrs.Mamie Parker, Frank Burton, ArderyDrug Co., Sam'l Kerslake & Son,Lowry & May, Myers & Smith, C. S.Brent & Bro., The J. T. Hinton Co.,Harry Simon, Price & Co., J. W.Davis & Co., Mitchell & Blakemore,Daugherty Bros., Jas. M. Caldwell,J. H. Thompson, Wilmoth & Co., A.B. Hancock and Samuel Clay.PUBLICITY COMMITTEE FIFTHLIBERTY LOAN,RUDOLPH DAVIS, Chairman.WE PIT THE "HARD-TO-EIT"Are you hard to fit? You won'tbe if you come to Davis'. No manis hard to fit here $25 up.J. W. DAVIS & CO.oCROP CONDITIONS FAVORABLE.A well-posted Bourbon countyfarmer tells THE NEWS that cropconditions in the county are exceedingly favorable for the tame of year.The recent cold snap caused nodamage whatever to young tobaccoplants or fruit, so far as could belearned, and the general condition ofthe plowed-up ground is said to bevery good.The wheat never looked betterthan it does now and the prospectsare for a much larger yield than hasbeen the case in the past few years.Oats, pastures and meadows arelooking well, and with favorableweather the next week should seethe beginning of corn planting. Agreat many of the gardens alreadyplanted are coming up and the vegetable crop will also show a good increase. Live stock is doing well, andgrass for grazing is improving daily.T-OAT THE PARIS GRAND AND THEALAMO THEATRETo-day, Friday, April 25. Pauline Frederick, in "Out of The Shadows;" Pearl White, in "The Light-nin Raider;" Hearst News Feature.To-morrow, Saturday, April 26Mae Marsh, in "The Bondage of Barbara;" Smiling Bill Parsons, in"Have Another;" Current Events.Monday, April 28 Frank Keenan,in "The Midnight Stage;" JohnBarrymore, in "Are You A Mason?"Paramount-Sennett Comedy, "TheVillage Chestnut.".STOCK, CROP, ETC.Caywood & McClintock shippedtwo carloads of hogs from Paris tothe Cincinnati market, which costthem from $18 to $18.50 per hundred pounds. , W. A. Thompson alsoshipped a carload of hogs to the samemarket.LOSTOn Maysville' pike, black andwhite caaieo locket, with chain attached. Reward for return of sameto this office. (25-2t)Oil Stock Wanted5,000 shares of CO-OPERATINGLANDI& DEVELOPMENT CO. stockwanted at 40c a share. Write yourofferings. Address A. L. B., 225 E.Secoco Street, Lexington, Ky., (25-lt)J .:V V 3burton'sS Conf wiiontry Store 1Successor to Adami & Santi.'i ' ... iAGENT FOR M. IBOLDMANUEL; COUNSELOR,i AND SONADA CIGARSIII Jkdami's Famous Recipe fori'ljnaking delicious Ice Cream,ft, Soda ' Water and MixedII Drinks-still used.I Bulk Ice CreamK (Made from Pure Cream)delivered for home use.I Fancy Ices for PartiesHIGH CLASS BOXCANDIES. -For the BEST, See Us,FRfrNK BURTON1X1::SPRENWhen you see the wonderful variety of smart shapes and trimmings you will be sure towant one of our new Easter Hats. Lovely straw and rough braids in all the suit shades,with trimmings of ostrich, ribbon or flowers$5.00 to $15.00Sweaters, Underskirts, Lingerie,Millinery, Blouses.Capes and DolmansTee Spring Wraps that have gained such popularity are here in all their charm Serge ,tricotine and broadcloth, reasonably priced f$15.00 to $100.00Box Boats, Russian Bluses, semi-fitting models in the most favored, fashionable materialsThese suits are well cut and well tailored and we take pride in offering them to our customers at such low prices$25.00 to $75.00For Misses and Juniors, inde Chine and Taffeta.Georgette, Crepe de Chine and Voile Blouses of superior quality and design are priced from$5.00 to $15.00HARRY SIMON1sAutomatic RefrigeratorsThese, are the only refrigerators made with thewater bottle attachment They are also, we firmly believe, the best refrigerators made.They Cost More Because They're Worth It !THE -XEITHERPHONE 36Motor HearseG MILLINERYVestees, Beaded Bags, Hosiery,Handkerchiefs, Neckwear.SuitsSKIRTSSee our beautiful skirts -of Pussy Willow,Georgette and Fantasy.Georgette, Crepe224-22S West Main St., Lexington, Ky;Main Street, Paris; Ky.feii&- yPSMrs. Homeloverl---Coming to our-store and seeing our rich rugswill be like taking. a trip to the Orient.Our patterns will please you; so will ourPRICES.And yvhen you have bought those rugs youneed, look also at our FURNITURE right up tothe minute in style and strongly made.T. HINTON CO.PARIS, KENTUCKY SIXTH AND MAINMotor Invalid Coach Undertakingr 3.HK ." :La n .1 a IixiXIX;1a-X 'IXIX1IJ Ll.fl-Mi'V -c1 1- LtVI'-Si1UAafed-riifacahiiii. ttrvntsFRIDAY, APRIL 25, 1919.PAGE SIXTHE BOUBBON HEWS, PABIS, KENTUCKTA:I;t:s'Mtf '$ Kl ll l I IIIConstipated Children Gladly Take4California Syrup of Figs"For the LiverTell yourdruggist"California Syrupofand dose for babies and children of all ageswho are constipated, bilious, feverish, rtonguecoated, or full of cold, are plainly printed onthe bottle. Look for the name "California"and accept no. other "Fig Syrup."SEVERE IEST SHOWSUN TJLSM SHOES"A molder in our foundry wore apair of shoes with Neolin Soles everyday for ten months and two weeksboth in the foundry, and to and fromhis work and they are just worn out."The Sessions Foundry Company ofBristol, Connecticut, makes this reporton a pair of Neolin-soled molders'shoes given them for test.Neolin Soles have none of the shortcomings of other soles. They do notburn or crack under conditions suchas these nor do they wear out quicklyunder the grind of -abrasive materials.They are made by Science to be especially tough and durable, will standthe roughest kind of usage and sowear longer and save money. Moreover, they are comfortable and waterproof. You can get them on new shoes inmany styles for men, women and children or as re-soles. They are manufactured by The Goodyear Tire &Rubber Co., Akron, Ohio, who alsomake Wingfoot Heels guaranteed tooutwear all other heels.Jleoliii SolesXn&c Mark Be. U..-KatOff.ITS NOT YOURIT'SKidney disease la no respecter of persons. A majority of the iUs afflictingpeople today can be traced back tokidney trouble.The kidney &re the most importantrg&ns of the body. They are thefllterera. tfca purifiers, of your blood.KMney disease is usually indicated byweariness, sleeplessness, nervousness,despondency, backache, stomach trouMe. pain in loins and lower abdomen,Sil stoats, gravel, rheuxBatlasa sciatica,ajad lumbago.All these derangements are nature'iirnals to warn you that the kidneysseed help. You should use GOLDJCSDALi Haarlem Oil Capsules immeaiatfninniiimunmsttMiiimiinmimnmtKMeans Family Comfort5 when the boiling pot of Postum sings its . 5song of health and satisfaction on the Hkitchen stove.aTHE ORIGINALPOSTUMled the way to comfort for many a familyof coffee drinkers, for with the comingof Postum, away went the headaches,nervousness, sleeplessness and irritabilitythat so often follow the the use of coffee.You can still buy that original Postumfrom your grocer an invigorating drinkof rare, delicious flavor a beverage thatis really part of the meal, not merelysomething to drink.I.faThere'sTwo sizes, usually sold at 15c and 25c.p!iniHIUIH!IIH!HHKnHHni!imUIIIHI!llHIHIlUIIIUmnil!IIII!!I!l!l!f!UIinilIUIII!!m!llUlinifand BowelsyouwantgenuineFigs." Full directionsSTAGE CRAPTEKS ENTERTAIN.The Stage Crafters of TransylvaniaUniversity of Lexington, gave a delightful entertainment at the OldUnion Christian church Wednesdaynight. The church was crowdedwith an appreciative audience. Theproceeds of the entertainment weredevoted to church purposes.oIF I WERE A FARMERIf I were a farmer I would keep athand a few reliable medicines forminor ailments that are not so serious as to require the attention of aphysician, such as Chamberlain'sColic and Diarrhoea Remedy forbowel complaints.Chamberlain's Liniment for sprainsand bruises and rheumatic pains.Chamberlain's Tablets for stomachtroubles, biliousness and constipation. By having these articles at hand itwould often save the trouble of a tripto town in the busiest season or inthe night, and would enable me totreat slight ailments as soon as theyappear, and thereby avoid the moreserious diseases that so often follow.(adv-april)oIn a recent attack by the Bolshevik! upon the Allies near Archangle the former lost 800 and thelatter none.HEARTYOUR KIDNEYSdiately. The soothing, healing oil stimulates the kidneys, relieves inflammations and destroys the germs whichhave caused it. Do not wait until tomorrow. Go to your druggist today andInsist on GOL.D MEDAXi Haarlem OilCapsules. In twenty-four hours youshould feel health and vigor returningand will bless the day you first heardof GOLD MEDAL Haarlem lOll.After you feel that you have curedyourself, continue to take one or twocapsules each day, so as to keep infirst-class condition and ward off thedanger of other attacks.Ask for the original imported GOLDMEDAL brand. Three sizes. Money refunded it they do not &elp you.CEREALa Reason"TWENTIETH A3STNUAL CONGRESSOF DISCIPLES IN LEXINGTON. Ministers and religious leadersfrom various parts of the ' UnitedStates will oe in attendance at thetwentieth annual congress the Victory session of the Disciples ofChrist, which will open a three-days'session at the Central Christianchurch, in Lexington, on April 22.The disciples will be welcomed bythe Rev. I. J. Spencer, pastor of theCentral Christian church, and Prof.P. E. Lumby, of the College of Missions, Indianapolis, Ind., will makethe response.Among the speakers on the program are: B. Y. Mulims, of theSouthern. Baptist 'Theological Semiaiary, Louisville; Rev. Francis E.Smith, Muncie, Ind.; Rev. H. H.Peters, Illinois Christian MissionarySociety, Bloomington, 111.; Rev. P. H.Welshimer, First Christian church,Canton, O.; Rev. C. C. Morrison, editor of the Christian, Century, Chicago; Rex. R. A. Abbott, St. Louis;Rev. H. H. Harmon, Lincoln, Neb.,and ministers from many of theChristian churches of Kentucky; Dr.Burris A. Jenkins, Kansas City.Officers and directors of the Disciples of Christ are: Rev. Geo. A.Campbell, St. Louis; Prof. F. E.Lumley, Indianapolis, Ind.; Rev. Ellis B. Barnes, Cleveland, O.; W. E.M. Hack'leman, Indianapolis, Ind.,and the Rev. Francis E. Smith, Muncie, Ind.oYou're Bilious 1Take CascaretsPleasant relief for liver andbowels, and cost 10c abox no gripe!Feel grand! Be efficient! Cleanyour torpid- liver and sluggishbowels with good, harmless Cascarets. They don't grip or sicken.Give your insides a good cleaningand rid yourself of headaches, biliousspells, dizziness, sallowness, badbreath, stomach sourness, gases, etc.Cheer up! Get a 10-cent box fromany drug store. Also best catharticfor bilious, constipated childrentastes like candy but never fails.Cascarets work while you sleep.(adv)oSTANLEY DECLINES TO NAMEDATE OP TAKING OFFICE"I have never authorized any statement to the effect that I will takethe oath of office as United StatesSenator at the special session ofCongress," said Governor Stanley,when questioned concerning a reportcoming from Washington that he expected to follow such a course. TheGovernor had no information to giveout as to when he will take theoa$hof office.HELP THE KIDNEYSTarisHeaders Are LearningWay.TheIt's the little kidney illsThe lame, weak or aching backThe unnoticed urinary disordersThat may lead to dropsy andBright's disease.When the kidneys are weak, helpthem with Doan's Kidney PillsA remedy especially for-weak kidneys. Doan's have been used in kidneytroubles for 50 years.Endorsed by 50,000 people endorsed at home.Proof in a Paris citizen's statement. Mrs. Charles McCord, South Pleasant street, says: "I have used Doall's Kidney Pills at different times,getting them from Oberdorfer's DrugStore and I have found them a splendid medicine. Whenever my kidneyshave acted irregularly or my backhas been weak and lame, I havefound a box or so of Doan's Kidney Pills sufficient to cure me of theattack."Price 60c. at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. McCord had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. "(adv)VICTORY LOAN QUOTAS.The Central Liberty Loan Committee of the Fourth Federal ReserveDistrict, which is in charge of theVictory Loan campaign in this State,announces the following quotas inthe campaign for the Central Kentucky countis:Bath, $177,000; Bourbon, $576,750; Clark, $569,600; Fayette, $1,987,850; Harrison, $419,850; Jessamine, $275,750; Madison, $510,000;Montgomery, $279,100; Nicholas,$175,350; Scott, $379,600; Woodford, $317,900.CATARRH CANNOT BE CUREDWith local applications, as theycannot reach the seat of the disease.Catarrh isa local disease, greatly influenced by constitutional conditions,and in order to cure it you must takean internal remedy. Hall's CatarrhMedicine is taken internally and actsthrough the blood on the mucous surfaces of the system. Hall's CatarrhMedicine was prescribed by one ofthe best physicians in this countryfor years. It is composed of some ofthe best tonics known, combinedwith some of the bst blood purifiers.The perfect combination of the ingredients in" Hall's Catarrh Medicine iswhat produces such wonderful results in catarrhal conditions. Sendfor testimonials, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Proprietors, Toledo, O.All druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (adv-april)oThere are getting to be more candy' s'tores than meat markets.' TvDOCTORS PREFERGALOTABS FORA LAZY LIVERWonderful How Bright and Cheerful the World Looks After Takingthe New Nausealess Calomel.Have you tried the new nauseaslesscalomel that makes calomel taking apleasure? If you have, you appreciate the wonderful virtues of calomel when robbed of all its unpleasant and nauseating effects.Calotabs is the sensation of theyear in the drug trade. Pharmacistsregard is as a perfect remedy for theliver. Its effect in biliousness, constipation and indigestion is most delightful. The next time your liver needs athorough cleansing try Calotabs.One tablet at bedtime with a swallowof water, that's all. No taste, nonausea, no salts, no griping. Youwake up in the morning feeling fine,with your system thoroughly cleansed and a hearty appetite for break- jfast. Eat what you please no danger of salivation.Calotabs are never sold in bulk;for your protection they are sold onlyin original, sealed packages, pricethirty-five cents. Your druggist willgladly refund your money if you donot find them effective and delightful. (adv)oWhen Leonard Wood urges his audiences of civilians or of soldiers to"play the game" he doesn't meanbridge.FOR BILIOUS TROUBLESTo promote a healthy action of theliver and correct the disorders caused by biliousness, Chamberlain'sTablets are excellent. Try them andsee how quickly they give you a relish for your food and banish thatdull and stupied feeling.(adv-april)HEADACHES-are very often good sings that youreyes need attention.GOOD GLASSESprotect the eyes and may restore thesight so you will not need to wearthem.Why not have your eyes examinedand see whether or not you needglasses?DR. 0. L. ERYE,Eyesight Specialist,(21mar-tf-F)Paris. Kv.HIGGLES1 16 Bank Row, Paris, Ky.BANKING BY MAILfe Absolutely Private-CecCyefentit tDistanbring ourusing theour manywho "Sankis safelmanagedcors of EvafnsvcessfulA vworfull descLargeciualvcCITIZENS NATlOttAL lAftfcOOWUtfim.SOURCES IDnnr ii" irwiieWisnoN5bWTaipt-S&yQ?VnailrrWrlllillipusanw vby Mail.V T' ptfxajoabjf a Aoataamsvilrp s Tnd frfm yu wniptlen of dir lat Bank inlndiJtf-indianaBvjThe Shortest RouteAll long distance messages forMaysville VanceburgElcmingsburg Brooksvilleand way stations located within the Maysville District, shouldbe routed overHome Long Distancefor the reason that this is the shortest and most direct route forestablishing toll connection w th these points.Paris Home Telephone TelegraphCompany- - T pJ. J. VEATCH.District ManaeerGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299yCorner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky." " ' " - " - " " r f spEgg 5 BHI m IB Iff 'BourbonDAVIS & PUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4ISSSllssSgK-.fs-auxis? .Ir I AV LA-Nf -f--l-HN.- S t m A m- VI x lit; xju ui uui i -d ui iui yjj Paris, KentuckyINTEREST-r door, byBe one ofepositorahis lanknservativelyof Oirec-ost sueill bring"Vow Majft hwnaan.anaMIUUOMfjnrfn 't we will(Incorporated)W. H. CANNON,Local ManageriajjLaundry!West Fifh StreetSATISFACTIONi OUR WATCHWORD! 1- With all the latest improve- w'-j'i ments in laundry appliances-C and expert helpers we ares'-if prepared to ao worK mie--4 nui tu nunc, aim sunuiLyour patronage.sxiIKmI-14rATfHE Patriotic Business Firms and Citizensof Paris and Bourbon County have contributed very liberally to the advertising fund for the FifthLiberty Loan. They did it cheerfully. The committee desires to thank them, as the advertisinghas had the desired effect and certainly helped to put Bourbon OVER THE TOP IN A HURRY.We thank them.PUBLICITY COMMITTEE FIFTH LIBERTY LOAN. Rudolph Davis, Chairman.ElBloglnonriaonraeLetS Finish as Job!'..4 T-r-fX V..., ..ta. !-',"Vo;. W""-"'gr&' 1-r - - J.uCKe Obligations of PeaceG Care r Our Soldier Boys AbroadBring Our Soldiers Home AgainOo See Demobilization ThroughDo Pay Ewry Dollar o War Insurance3oGive itfe Soldier His Ray EnvelopRehabilitate fife Wounded MenSustain Hospitals Ar Our Solders(' 5.'"r--,. - -"1V-I " 'f-Jr"-"Oo Pay Our War Debts - - - -p'tt&SiPreserve a LASTING PEACEThe war is won, but the bills must be paid. Thesuccess of the Victory Liberty Loan is your job.You are lending, not giving your money, and yourGovernment guarantees its return with interestBuy today cosh and installments.irVictory liberty Loan Committee&. . . , asgaBMiiE!This spoc comtrtbutedPeoples Deposit Bank & Trust CompanyW.Ed Tucker Dailey & McMillanui,F', '" "3?iSAaMMMNk3M 'M14 lt .' ;I Lr1 vn.,.?i 'il'&it .v:if)t .T.hi1fli-Xi u hi iimnWTiiiir'imTC--B. - " .THE BOURBON NEWS. PARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, APRIL 25, 1919.P ASH EIGHTTHE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMOADMISSIONAdults Ticket 1 8c; War Tax 2c-20gChildren Ticket 9c; War Tax 1 c 1 0cTO-DAY, FRIDAYiPauline FrederickINitnI i"Out of the Shadow"?.tfHere is one of those great love dramas which move yoip to. y,our very heart the tragedy of a girl who married for protection, not love, and afterwards found she needed protection from.her husband. "And through it all flits the romantic figure ofa pale musician who murders for love's sake.PEARL WHITE in "The Ligntning Raider"and Hearst News,TO-MORROW, SATURDAYMae MarshIN'The Bondage of Barbara'A girl becomes a boy to save the family honor! See winsome Mae Marsh in "The Bondage of Barbara." It's a GoldwynPicture the season's most surprising play.SMILING BILL PARSONSin "HAVE ANOTHER"and Current Events.MONDAY, APRIL 26thBig Double ProgramFrank KeenanIN'TheMidnightStage'John Barrymorein "ARE YOU A MASON?"And Paramount-Sennett Comedy"THE VILLAGE CHESTNUT"MILLERSBURG' - Mr. George Wadell, of Louisville, was a recent guest of relativeshere.Taggart Tags, the ideal homecracker, at Caldwell's, 25c hox.Mr. Thornton Rigdon has "beenmustered out of the army service andis at home again.Mr. D. C. Clarke and family, ofLouisville, are guests of his parents,Mr. and Mrs. J. S. Clarke.-Gibson House Special One ofthe best coffees on the market, soldat Caldwell's at 45c per pound.California figs at Caldwell's justarrived, 30c per pound. (It)--Mrs. A. S. Venable, of Lexington; is the guest of Mrs. J. A. Butlerand other friends here.Dr. C. C. Fisher left TuesdayfoV JJew Castle, where he will attendDistrict Conference.' Mr. and Mrs. Bayles DeBell leftTuesday for a few days' visit to theirdaughter, Mrs. George Jeffreys, atLexington.-An interesting meeting looking Ito he perfection of the consolidatedsch ol was held at the office of Mr.D. i3. Clarke, Tuesday evening.Fresh mackerel, 15c each, atCaldwell's. (It)Mrs. Anna Jefferson and daughter, fc Mrs. Lutie Becraft, have movedfrom the property of Dr. H. M. Boxley, to Paris.Mr. A. J. Butler, who was partially paralyzed some days ago, doesnot improve. Mrs. Carrie Stone, ofParis, arrived Monday and is nownursing him.See the nice apples at Caldwell'sat ouc per pecK. it;Mr. and Mrs. T. H. Thompsonhave returned from Lexington after afew days visit with relatives there.Their visit was cut short by thedeath of Mrs. EL A. Sheeler, sister ofMr!' Thompson.Mr. A. H. Smedley received atelegram yesterday morning announcing the death of his brother,Mr. Wm. Smedley, aged eighty, atthe, home of his 'sister, Mrs. KateForrester, in Chicago. Mr. Smedleywas well-known here. He was a native of this county.The student body of the Graded School put on a light play Wednesday evening at the opera house,entitled Mrs. Mollie Tubb Does HerBit." The parts were all well taken,and the young people did their worknicely. The piece was interspersedwith, good music. A large audiencewas in attendance.JMiss Mary Dan Harbison andbrother, Capt Harbison, of Flemingsbnrg, will give a song recital at M.C: auditorium at 8:00 p. m. to-day,under the auspices of the MissionarySociety- of the Presbyterian church.Tickets on sale at the Wadell DrugStore... Miss Harbison and brotherare not strangers in our community,they having given a recital here inthe past. We know what to expectand will not be disappointed. Remember the cause. Let everybodyattend.A large crowd of people were intown Tuesday afternoon, notwithstanding the inclement weathergreeting the arrival of the Government tank with considerable enthusiasm. The tank was met at thebridge by the corps of Cadets of M.M. I., and a large number of our citizens in automobiles. Tney passeaup Main'street to in front of- the M.C., where they unloaded, and gave ademonstration over a high bank onRailroad street, near the L. & N.Station. It was a sight worth seeing,and put us in closer touch with thesoldier boys overseas.' Mrs. H. A. Sheeler, aged 56,died Suddenly Monday at 4:45 p. m.,of 'heart failure Mrs. Sheeler hadbeen in declining health for quite along5 time, though her condition wasnot thought to be serious. Membersof the family were with her only ashoit time before she died, and sheseemed as well as usual. About 4:40p. ml a relative entered her room andfound her in a dying condition.Her physician was hastily summoned,but she passed, away before he reached her bedside!Mrs. Sheeler was formerly MissTeene Thompson, a daughter of Mr.and Mrs. Elija Thompson, of Georgetown. Early in life she was unitedin imarriage to Mr. Henry A. Sheeler,of the same neighborhood. The greater part of her life was spent in theneighborhood where she was born.About twenty years ago Mr. and Mrs.febeeler and family moved to Millersburg, where they have since resided.She was a life-long member of theChristian church. Their union wasblsst with five children. She is survived by her husband, two daugh'ters Mrs. , Commodore Grinnell andMrs! W. C. Crouch, of 'Millersburg;" tra sons, J. C. Sheeler, of Jackson,and E. T. Sheeler, of Millersburg;also by two brothers, T. H. Thompso and Howard Thompson, both ofMillersburg.The funeral services were conducted Wednesday at 3:00 p. m. from herlate home, after a short service byher pastor, Rev. VanWinkle. Thebody was laid to rest in the Millersburg Cemetery. The pall-bearerswere Henry Patterson, K. D. Burroughs, D. E. Clarke, D. P. Jones,G. W. Johnson and W. W. Shannon.ot :DEATHS.HOWARD.James Thomas Howard, two-year-oldson of Mr. and Mrs. JohnHoward, died Tuesday at the homeof his parents, on the FrederickWallis farm, near Austerlitz. Thefuneral took place Wednesday morning, with services conducted at therave i the Paris Cemetery by Rev.W. E. Ellis, pastor of the ParisChristian church.LONG.The funeral of Mrs. Mary A.Long, aged eighty-three, who died atthe home of her daughter, Mrs. Geo.W. Wilder, on Cypress street, Tuesday, of the infirmities of aee. washeld at the Wilder residence at one io'clock yesterday afternoon. Thebody was taken to Frankfort forburial.Mrs. Long was a native of Franklin county, and was a most estimable woman. Besides her daughter,Mrs. Wilder, she is survived by twosons, Charles Long, of Lexington, andWm. Long, of Frankfort.morning. Mr. Hehr was strickenwhile at the stable at work, and wasremoved to his home by neighbors,where he died in a short time after.His death was attributed to apoplexy. Mr. Hehr is survived by his widow,who was formerly Miss Cora Forsythe, of near Cynthiana, and thefollowing children: Mrs. HomerOder, Misses Adrienne and AgnesHehr, all of Harrison county, andseveral brothers, one of whom, Wm.Hehr, resides in this county.The funeral was held at the Broadwell church Tuesday afternoon attwo o'clock, with services conductedby Rev. Carey E. Moore. The burial followed in Battle Grove Cemetery at Cynthiana. The pall-bearerswere J. L. Renaker, Rolla Vanhook,Dr. D. C. Patterson, B. F. Bedford,Jas. A. Leach, Thos. D. Urmston andJas. Lee Gray.oWOOL WANTED.Will pay highest market price.Call, get sacks and twine. Sacks furnished free.R. B. HUTCHCRAFT& CO.(22-5t)RELIGIOUS.MARSHALL.The funeral of Mr. George Marshall, aged thirty-eight, who hadbeen engaged in farming near Centerville for several years, and whodied at his home near that placeplace Tuesday night of a complication of diseases, was held at the residence yesterday afternoon at twoo'clock, with services conducted byRev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of the ParisChristian church, assisted by Rev.Mr. James. The burial followed inthe Jacksonville Cemetery. The pallbearers were Jesse Maybrier, Raymond Maybrier, Quincy Angel, Wilbur Angel, Homer Marshall and Arthur Smith.Mr. Marshall is survived by hiswidow, his mother, Mrs. Nancy J.Marshall and by two sisters, Mrs.Sallie J. Gaunce, of Harrison county,and Mrs. Homer Maybrier, of Bourbon county.KERN.Mr. Robert W. Kern ,aged aboutsixty, a native of Bourbon county,died Tuesday at his home in St.Louis, Mo., where he had been aprominent citizen for many years.Mr. Kern after leaving Bourboncounty, located in Kansas City, thenmoved to St. Louis, where he rapidlyforged to the front, and soon besame a strong figure in politics. Heheld several important offices in theRev. W. G. Walker, of Altoona,Pa., formerly pastor of the Mt. Carmel church, will hold week-end services in that church on Friday andSaturday nights and Sunday morning and evening. The public is cordially invited to attend these services. The revival services that havebeen in progress at the CynthianaMethodist church for ten days, closed last night, with a large number ofadditions. Rev. G. R. Combs, pastorof the Paris church, conducted theservices, while Rev. W. F. Wyatt,pastor of one of the county churches,conducted the musical part of theservices.Sunday, May 4, has been designated as "Go-to-Sunday-School-Day"for Kentucky. But why wait tillthat day to be rounded up and takento Sunday school? Why not startnow, and be in full swing by thetime the rally day comes on. Thereis no good reason why every professed Christian should not be as regular in his attendance upon Sundayschool as he is at his place of business the other six days of the week.A great all-day rally has beenplanned to take place at the ParisMethodist church next Sunday, theoccasion being in the nature of a-get-togethermeeting. Several noted speakers from outside the Stateand other points in the State will bepresent. The women of the churchwill serve lunch at the noon hoursfor all present.The services will begin at 9:30 a.m., with special services for the Sunday school. About an hour will bedevoted to the lunch and the programwill close about three o'clock, withno services at night. Miss LouieBruer has been appointed chairmanof the lunch committee and Miss Olicountry ham, potato salad, dressedeggs, beaten biscuit, sandwiches,coffee, ice cream and cake. Thatsounds good, doesn't it? The feastforthe spiritual man will be just asgood. The occasion is for Methodistsand those inclined to be Methodistsand we want all of them present.The program will begin at 9:30 a.m. with special exercises in the Sunday School. There will be an hourfor lunch at noon. Special music.No special collection.REV. G. R. COMBS, Pastor.CHRISTIAN CHURCH CALENDAR.Sunday, 9:30' Bible SchoolSunday, 10:45 Morning Service.Sunday, 12:00 Christian Endeavor Business Meeting.Sunday, 2:30 p. m. Mission Band.Sunday, 8:00 p. m. Evening Service. Tuesday, 7:30 p. m. Rose MaidenRehearsal.Wednesday, 8:00 p. m. PrayerMeeting Service.Friday, 2:30 p. m. MissionarySociety.Friday, 7:30 p. m. Choir Rehearsal. At the Christian curch Sunday,Mrs. T. T. Grimes, formerly of Lexington, united with the congregationby letter, and Miss Ethel Day, ofTwentieth street, by confession.A fine program has been arrangedfor the union meeting of the Christian Endeavor Societies of the Presbyterian and Christian churches,which will be held Tuesday night inthe Presbyterian church. The StatePresident, Rev. Homer Carpenter,Field Secretary Frank J. Evans, amale quartet and a reader will bepresent. A free will offering will betaken for the State work.THE LEXINGTON RACES.The sporting spirit is inherent inthe native Kentuckian, and will notbe downed. He or she may read withlittle enthusiasm of some excitingrace at some far-off track, but whenthe fleet-footed kings and queens ofthe turf begin to show up closer tohome, say at the Lexington track,their enthusiasm grows intense.On all sides yesterday was heardthe query, "Are you going to attendthe opening of the races at Lexington to-day?" Automobiles in largenumbers lined the way on the Lexington pike, while the L. & N. andthe interurban cars carried theirquota of race-goers. The city ofParis looked like a deserted village inthe afternoon all gone to the races!Many of the court house officialsleft the conduct of their offices totheir assistants, and many businessmen took an afternoon -off in orderto enjoy the "sport of all sports."Some came back elated, others werebelated, sad and folorn, and wearinga look which told plainer thanwords, "I bet on the wrong horse."oBIRTHS.In Harrodsburg, to the wife ofMr. Henry Coleman, a daughter.Mrs. Coleman was formerly MissAnita Ball, of Harrodsburg, sister ofMrs. Charlton Alexander, of nearParis.oWomen cant make a long stridethese days unless there is a longsplit up the side of their dresses.MATRIMONIAL.A marriage license was issuedWednesday from the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton to Mr. John W.Kennedy and Mrs. Mollie Garrison,both of Nicholas county.SPENCER SMITH.Announcement has been received by relatives and friends here ofthe marriage in Springfield, Mass.,of Miss Jessica Spencer and Mr.Paul Smith. The bride is a daughter of Mr. James A. Spencer, formerlyof Carlisle, and a niece of Mr. Robt.Spencer, of Paris. The wedding tookplace at the home of the bride's father, in Springfield. The groom is ason of the late Rev. Mr. Smith, formerly pastor of the MillersburgChristian church, and a brother ofProf. T. K. Smith, of the M. M. I.He was recently discharged from thearmy service. '. o"MAYSV3LLE HOTELSDATE..CONSOH-Maysville's two largest hotelsCentral and the Whitehall wereconsolidated Tuesday when ClaudeWatkins, owner of the Whitehall,purchased the Central. Although thehotels face on different streets, therear of the buildings are close together and they will' be connected atthe rear of the buildings and throwninto one large hotel, giving to Maysville one of the largest and bestequipped hotels in the Ohio valleyMr. Watkins plans many extensiveimprpvements in the immediate future. He will take charge of theCentral on May 15.city administration, and became.noted as an attorney of great power via 0rr rhnirmnn of th ttrfoQand legal attainments He was a commlttee, and they will choose thebrother of the late Mr Kape Kerns, mimheTS of the otner committees.of Bourbon county, and of Mr. James . There wlu be no collection or sub.E. Kerns, formerly of Bourbon . scription taken at this meeting.county, now residing in Cincinnati.He is survived by his widow, one Tae Twentieth Annual Convenbrother, Mr. James E. Kern of Cin-itlon of tne Disciples of Cnrist whichcinnati. one son. Mr. Robert HKern, Jr., of Texas, and two granddaughters, Misses Mary and BettyTuft, of Des Moines, Iowa.The funeral and burial took placeyesterday in St. Louis.HORTON.Miss Louise Horton, aged twenty, daughter of Mrs. Annie E. Horton, residing on Parrish avenue, inthis city, died at her home on Wednesday afternoon, from the effects ofan attack of influenza. She is survived by her mother, two sisters,Mrs. Patrick, of Cincinnati, and MissElizabeth Horton, of Paris, and threebrothers. James Horton, now over-has been m session at Lexingtonsince Tuesday, adjoruned last night.The address of welcome was delivered by Rev. I. J. Spencer, of Lexington, and the response by Prof. F. E.Lumley, of the College of Missions,Indianapolis. The principal addresswas delivered by Dr. E. Y. Mullins,president of the Baptist TheologicalSeminary, at Louisville, who spokeon "The World War and ReligiousLiberty:" Among the prominentspeakers on thep rogram were Revs.H. H. Peters, of Bloomington, 111., C.C. Morrison, o Chicago, P. H. Weisheimer, of Canton, Ohio, H. H. Harmon, of Lincoln, Neb., Walter S.Athearn, of Boston, Mass., Z. T.seas, Robert Horton and Russel : Sweeney, of Columbus, Ind., BurrisHorton, both of Paris. She was aniece of Mrs. Lee Beall, of Paris.The funeral will be held at thefamily home on Parrish avenue this(Friday) morning, at ten o'clock,with services conducted by Rev. W.E. Ellis, pastor of the Paris Christian church. The burial will takeplace in the Ruddles Mills cemetery.The pall-bearers will be six youngwomen, Misses Margaret and ClarineRoberts, Mamie and Elizabeth Gibsonand Elizabeth and Ruth Jones.HEHR.Mr. George Hehr, one of the bestknown citizens of Harrison county,A. Jenkins, of Kansas City, R: H.Miller, of Detroit, Mich., George A.Campbell, of St. Louis, Mo., RobertE. Elmore, of Cincinnati, and EdgarDeWitt Jnes, ,of Bloomington, 111.You will miss the biggest daythat the Paris Method jst church hashad in a long time if you fail to attend the all-day meeting next Sunday. Several distinguished speakersfrom a distance will be present andgive to those in attendance a feastof good things mentally and spiritually. At the noon hour the ladiesof" the church will serve, perhaps nota feast, but at least a wholesomeuBUY NOWYour New Spring Footwear!SSraJlsSgasrssfcSa- ,t "JT.- -"Ar"'We offer tomorrow thesame great values, thesame stylish, footwearUt the same low pricesMTTWP35255Ik STsm s2l -"v.' ; - '. i, 5s,, ftT. , ff j- ithat broke all records for volume of business done in the past few weeks.Enormous Purchaseshas resulted in the acquision of the greatest selection of high grade footwear,combining as it does elegance in footwear at extremely low prices. Shophere Saturday and be correctly shod for Spring at almost one-half the costLadies9 Patent and Brown KidPumps and OxfordsWALK-OVERSAt SpecialLew Prices!2&-MSS .4' .y?S 'J" s ft-y - '.'irJLadies' Patent Kid Oxfordsand PumpsLadies Dark Tan ExglishOxfords :. ....$3.95$3.49Men's Tan English Oxfords,Walk-Overs, at...Men's Gun Metal EnglishOxfords, Walk-Over$5.00$3.50dided suddenly at his home near : lunch for the physical man. Theroadwell, in that county, Sunday menu, we are told, will consist ofMisses' and Children's Shoes and Slippers at Extremly Low Prices!DAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty nd Economy Reign9"j9.1