J'"- ,vrwii&mMSiik- ' ' . SV-'THE- .. W T "'-.,- r. JL-.. t v",. -. " w-'N u ,5-4 BUBBlBl BBBBk A -v- P!:NVPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AN? FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 1919rTr-- r- -i1'.- JBaal Bak BB BBBBBk BBBBBk BBBfti BBw' BB " BW BBsBBBlBm. B 'mBBBbbV aBi V 'BbbVbbJM B VaV B - aViBBBa" far Bam aTawwBb aV Bi B B B'B'bB'b VA BbbVbb ' bbbkBB' B bbbbb aw BY'M - ,fBilBfl BB IIIAI BBB IVUlllfB Bb vA " M B fl BbV BBB Bk BB B Bh B bI k YBBf YBbY B-jL EEABY FOR OPENING OFJivisauvu MftftKKrrs. -Witli the opening of the local to"bacco markets only a few days offthe tobacco district is now aboutone of the busiest in Paris, Preparations 'for handling the big cropsexpected are in progress every day,and a large force of workmen Is employed at each house. Representatives of the big tobacco manufacturers of the country have arrived,and have been busily engaged ingetting themselves and families settled comfortably for the season.In the tobacco districts hundredsof hogsheads of old tobacco are being sampled, loaded on cars and gotten out of the way of the incomingnew ciop. A few days ago threebig trucks loaded with tobaccogrown in the Clark county fields unloaded at the Bourbon Tobacco"Warehouse for the sales to be heldWednesday.Reports of prices from the Southern markets have been so rosy thata great season is expected here, andit may be confidently expected thathigh prices will rule at the openingand perhaps all through the season. PUBLIC GENEROUSLY RESPONDSTO HOSPITAL APPEALIn response to the appeal of thelassie Hospital authorities, published in THE NEWS last week, askingthe- public to remember that institution with donations for Thanksgiving, it was stated yesterday thatthe response had been more generousthan heretofore. Large donationsof every kind of food and larder supplies came to the Hospital, wherethey were thankfully received andproper acknowledgments made tothe donors.Miss Stevenson, Superintendent ofthe Hospital, and Mr. Jos. W.Davis, president of the Board ofControl, gave THE NEWS a largepart of the credit for the generousdonations, as the appeal madethrough the columns of the paperwas the first that brought the matter to the attention of the generalpublic. Where the people contributed pounds before, to use a simile,they came in droves and flocks thistime, with the -result of taking -upnearly all the available pantry spacein the Hospital.Owing to the inclement weathermany people residing in the countydid not have a chance to bring orsend in their donations. They cando so now, as such will be gladlyTeceived and, acknowledged.oMOLASSES AND SORGHUM. ERESHLOT JUST OPENEDWe have just opened a new lot ojf'fine New Orleans Molasses AndCountry Sorghum. Get in your or-er it will go fast, as all kinds ofsweets are scarce.(It) C. P. GOOK & CO.iPFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSGreatReductionsONHighSuits- andSkirtsFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSAutomobilen :VDIFFERENCE IN THANKSGIVINGLONG AGO AND NOWIn a mighty few homes in Pariswill the Thanksgiving table "groan"under the weight of the holidayfeast as in the days of yore. Whenthe family man takes stock and discovers that fitting celebration gastonomically,of the day will set himback to a financial tune of dolorousnote, he may forget the spirit of thetimes..A look through the ledgers of someof the Paris merchants who are stilldoing business at the same old standwill show that Thanksgiving day oftwo score xyears ago was truly adajr on which to give thanks. Quitea contrast with the prices of today are those quoting turkey attwenty-five cents each, nuts twentycents a bushel, butter ten cents apound, and so on, until one staresin amazement at the sum- 'total ofeighty cents for the Thanksgivingdinner of the early eighties. Well,that was then!IvTow, the man with as many asfive appetites in his household musthustle to catch up with Old HighCost of Living. Turkeys yesterdaywere as high as fifty-five cents apound on foot. "They are so scarce,you know," explains your producedealer, as he chalks up the price anickel more. "I'm expecting $1turkeys by Thanksgiving. Cranberries are hard to get, and sixtycents a quart is cheap.Better buy to-day, they may be adollar by Thanksgiving." "SomeThanksgiving!" mutter his prospective customer as he figuresout the cost of twelve pounds ofturkey meat, wattles, legs, feathersand neck. He leaves a ten-dollarbill and tucks the turkey and cranberries under his arm.So it goes through the market.Everywhere is heard the doleful prediction that after-war prices of yesterday will be beat a mile Thanksgiving Day. Certainly there will beincidentals, and the Paris familywhich runs to "flxins" that get fromunder for less than $20 is lucky.But what if the predictions of thefood are true and prices are as highj again by Thanksgiving Day?ORDER CHRISTMAS GREETINGCARDS NOW TO-DAY.Christmas is near and the time isshort for getting in your order forIndividual Christmas GreetingCards. No orders taken by us after(the first of December. We repre-T'i Li 111. 1 1 t S ,.: rxnVlsent me Desi nousc m Auiwiua a.uuthe prices are reasonable and consistent, considering the class ofwork furnished.Take a look at the exquisite display in our show window and thencome inside and get prices and placevour order. Do it NOW and bei sure your order with be filled.THE BOURBON NEWS(2t) Job Department.ClassiDelivery y -BAKER HELD TO APPEAR FOREXAMINING TRIAL.Deputy Sheriff James A. Gibsonreturned from Louisville, Tuesday,having-in charge H. R. Baker, arrested in Louisville on charges preferred by J. M. Scott and others, ofParis. Baker was taken -to theParis jail, where he remained untilWednesday morning, when he wasbrought before County Judge Batterton. Baker was accompanied by hiswife, who came here from Louisvilleand .appeared in Court with him. Hewas represented by his attorney,Judge Denis Dundpn, and entered aplea of not guilty.' Judge Battertonheld him in $200 bond to appear inCounty Court to-morrow morningfor examining trial. Two otherwarrants issued at the instance ofthe Templin Lumber Co., on chargeof giving "cold" checks were dismissed upon representations madeby them. 'Mrs. Baker indignantly deniedthe published assertions that she,had been deserted or mistreated byher husband, and added that theirhad never been separated, and thatshe proposed to stick to him in histrouble. She said that when theother side of Baker's story campout, he would appear in a differentlight before the public.COUNTRY PRODUCE WANTEDHIGHEST CASH OR TRADEPRICE.Bring us your butter and eggs andall other country produce. We payhighest cash or trade price.Potatoes sold at 70 cents perpeck this week as a special.MRS. ELLIS' CASH GROCERY,(21-2t) Opp. Court House.oBOURBON CIRCUIT COURTIn the trial of the case of E. P.Spears & Sons vs. the Louisville &Nashville railroad, for the loss of abale of hemp in. shipment, the juryawarded a verdict to the plaintiff inthe sum of $113.98. Plaintiff wasrepresented by Talbott & Whitleyand the Louisville & Nashville byE. M. Dickson.The following prisoners, convicted at this term of Court of misdemeanor crimes, were sentenced byJudge Stout: Wm. Reynolds, robbery, one year in the Frankfort Reformatory; James Wilson, colored,wounding and maiming, three, years;Harrison Bailey, colored, grand larceny, one .year; Barthold Hill-, colored, housebreaking, one, year.The November term of Court wasadjourned Wednesday by JudgeRobt. L. Stout for the Thanksgiving holidays. During the sessionone white man and three coloredmen were sentenced to terms in theFrankfort Reformatory, and twoboys were sent to the' State ReformSchool at Greendale.B-4 fIREInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,Agts0HARMON STREET COTTAGEDAMAGED BY EIREA cottage on Harmon street, occupied by Mrs. Miller, and owne'd byT. T. Templin, was damaged to theextent of about $150 y'esterdaymorning by fire that originated froma grate. Clothes hanging on a chairnear the grate caught fire, theflames being communicated to a canof coal oil near by. The flie department responded to an alarmfrom Box 26, and subdued the flamesthe damage being confined to oneroom.Fire, Wind and Lightninginsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan- iTRE DESTROYS BARNA barn belonging to Col. ClydeGajJies, of Winchester, on the placehe recently bought at -West Port,near Lagrange, Oldham county wasdestroyed by Are. The loss to thebarn is covered by insurance, butthe tobacco, owned by tenants onthe" place and valued at about $5,000, is a total loss. A tractor,which was stored in the barn, backfivp.d as" it was beins: taken out andthe sparks set fire to the tobacco, joANOTHER BOURBON COLONELGovernor James D. Black on Saturday appointed nine more Colonelson his staff as aides. One of thenumber was Dr. B. F. McClure, ofLittle Rock, a well-known physician and prominent Democrat. Col.James H. Thompson and Col. McClure are said to be sitting up ofnights studying military tactics andpracticing the proper way of saluting. REPORT OF REYNOLDS SALE.George D. Speakes of the real estate firm of Harris & Speakes, of thiscity, conducted the public sale Tuesday of livestock, crop, etc., belonging to George Reynolds, at hisplace on the Cane Ridge pike, nearParis. In spite of the inclementweather- there was a good attendance, and the bidding was spirited.Farming implements brought goodprices, as did the livestock andcrops. One of the best prices of thesale was attained when a pair of.i j..r mfai! crfM "fnr $39o.tisjtsu uiuii. """-' . Voce 'Mules brought from $155 to ?265per head; two-year-oia " w$235- Jersey heifers, .from $15 to$55 a head, while. other-livestocfrREAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS,The Chas. T. Eals real estateagency, of Cynthiana, sold for Mr.George Wyatt, of Paris, his farm onthe Reynolds pike, containing 155acres .of unimproved land, to A. M.Hicks andJEdgar Gregg, of Harrisoncounty, for ?225 an acre.The grocery conducted at Newtown, in Scott county, has been soldto Wallace Bros., who will continuethe business. Mr. Glass, who conducted the business, has moved toParis, and is interested in the ParisBaking Co., in the stand formerlyoccupied by the Wilmoth GroceryCompany.' Harris & Speakes sold to A. W.Shrout and wife, of Mollersbcrg,the property of R. L. Burns, locatedon the Hume and Bedford pike, and.known as the Ashbrook farm, for.?400 an acre. The farm .contains134 acres, bringing the owner atotal of $53,600.Victor Bogaert, the well-knownLexington jeweler, has purcnasedthe farm of J. T. and G. C. Oder,located on the Bethlehem pike,near Paris, for $27,400. The farmis well improved, and has a totalof133 acres of fine blue grass land.The sale was made through thereal estate firm of Riner & Wharton, of Lexington.The same firm conducted the public sale Wednesdaytof the Matt Kenney farm, of forty acres, with ahandsome residence, located on theLexington pike, near Kenney Station, George D. Speakes being theauctioneer. The bidding was spirited, with a large number of bidderspresent. The place was finally purchased by Louis Rogers, of nearCane Ridge, 'for $626.50 an acre.THE SECRET OF SUCCESS WHYIS IT? WHY IS IT?It is not what you earn, but whatyou save that counts.Every dollar you spend foolishly,that it would he possible to save, isonly money that you have to workfor again.On the other Tiand, every dollaryou deposit with us is going to constantly work for you.Which is best money alwaysworking for you, qr you alwaysworking for money?Placo your money in the BourbonBuilding & Loan Association whereit will earn something .for you.Our , new series opens Saturday,December 6..H. A. POWER, Pres.WILL S. ARNSPARGER, Sec'y.(28-lt)CITY PROPERTY EOR SALEAt the Court House door, at 2o'clock, two houses and lots will beoffered for sale. One on Hanson andGano streets, another on Thomasavenue and Williams street. SeeGeorge D. Speakes, Auctioneer, orhandbille. (28-3t)oTHANKSGIVING QUIETLY OBSERVED. Thanksgiving Day was a veryr.uiet day, in the natureof things asthey should be. Man. went to thefootball games in Georgetown andLexington, while a large number attended the theatre matinees at Lexington. Others spent the day withdogs and gun in the fields chasingthe elusive bunnies. Family dinner parties and reunions weremany. The old-timers and bachelors of uncertain age without hometies observed the day by dining atthe restaurants. Union services ofall the Piotestant churches wereheld. tThe "shut-ins" at the Massie Memorial Hospital, the county 3ail andthe County Infirmary came in fortheir shaie of the good things setapart for the day of thanksgiving.Bourbon Lodge Odd Fellows sent alarge box containing- all kinds ofedibles, including a dressed pig,weighing 110 pounds, three big tur-keys, and a lot of dressed chickens,to the Odd Fellows' Home at Lexington. oDECEIVES PROMOTION TO IMPORTANT POSITIONThe many Paris friends of Mr.Richard Butler, one of the bestknown ofiicials of the Louisville &Nashville, are extending him theirwarmest congratulations upon 'hislecent promotion. Mr. Butler, whohas for many years occupied a responsible position in the dispatching service of the L. & N., at thispoint, and who has lately been stationed at Ravena, on the L. & E. division was recently appointed to the.position of Fiist Assistant JTrainDispatcher. The prom'otion carrieswith it a handsome increase in salary. His headquarters will continue to be at Ravenna.The Chief Train Dispatcher of theL. & E. division has a force of fourassistants and nine or ten subordinates, and the fact that Mr. Butlerhas been selected from among themfor promotion, is an evidence of thefiLtcpm in which he is held and atestimonial to his ability and efficiency.Everything beautiful in the worldnd 'everything useful in thV worldp thg result of- overcoming opposingf r-rrns: ' v J 'SENTIMENT IS GROWING TORCONSOLIDATED SCHOOISProving that the sentiment forconsolidated schools in Kentucky isgrowing with leaps and bounds, J.Virgil Chapman, rural school supervisor, stated that" the consolidatedschools now have 25 motor-drawnvehicles with which to carry thechildren to school. There was butone such vehicle at the beginning ofthis year.Local taxes for operating consolidated schools have been voted in 28local districts and it is likely thatthree times as many districts willhave local tax for consolidatedschools. Having tried out the system in" Mason and Fayette counties,Chapman says that it has been acomplete success and other countiesin the State are beginning to adoptthe consolidated school system.Chapman received a letter from P.M. Conley, superintendent of theconsolidated school at Jenkins, amodel school in the mountains, stating thathe had received course ofstudy prepared by the Superintendent of Public Instruction and willadopt it for the schools.PUBLICITY HEAD NAMED SECRETARY TO MORROWThe selection of George E. Stephens, chairman of the publicitybureau dt the Republican campaigncommittee, as secretary- to GovernorMorrow, has been announced. Theposition carries a salary of $2,000 ayear. Mr. Stephens is a newspaperman. He is a native of Illinoisand a graduate of Knox College atGalesburg, 111., and for many yearswas editor of the Galesburg Evening Mail and the Aurora DailyNews-Beacon. He came to Louisville about a year ago as State director of publicity in the United WarWork campaign, assuming his duties as chairman of the publicitybureau of the Republican State cammaign committee last July.PREPARE WHILE YOU CAN: COLDWEATHER COMING.Our car-load of stores and hfi-terhave arrived. Buy nqw. HavVthem'put up while you can.(28-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.oWINCHESTER WOMAN WANTSOEFICE OF LIBRARIAN- JEL- Green Garrett, of Winchester-Republican State Central Committeeman from the Seventh District, isconducting an active campaign inbehalf of his daughter. Miss MarthaAllison Garrett, who seeks electionas State Librarian, the office nowheld by Frank K. Kavanaugh, aDemocrat. The position is filled bythe General Assembly on joint ballot and pays $1,800 a year.I WE KNOW MWAny Tailor Can Make Clothes;Only Master Tailors Can MakeOur Smart Clothes!zA carpenter can make a piece of furniture thatmay look well and last a fewvyears. But the furniture that we prize most, the pieces that have beenhanded down through generations as heirlooms, isthe work ot cabinet makers men who knew wood,how to season and work it according to the grain,and how to join it so the joints would hold.So good clothes are the product of good tailorsour Smart Clothes the product of the best tailors.Every operation, from the shrinking of the woolento the fastening of the buttons, is the work of anartist inhis special field each doing his bit for theultimate accomplishment of the perfect whole.Our Smart Clothes inherit a tradition that hasbeen handed down through generations of the samefamilies working side by side in the shops, andj therecord of the grandfather is & constant incentive jtothe son and grandson. ' SSJMay we explain to you personally the advantage there is in this for you?, Prices $20.00 to $75.00MITCHELL &Stetson HatsManhattan ShirtsEPISCOPAL CAMPAIGH FOR JUS.- TGARET COLLEGE PONDSAid in increasing, the work qtMargaret College for Girls at Vr-sailles' and St. John's Institute andWentworth Farm at Corbin, as well xas ..the placing of three jiew diocesan missionaries in the field- adthe" building of a community housefor the negro congregation of St.Andrew's, Lexington, are among thoutstanding features in the actiYities projected in the survey of theEpiscopal diocese of Lexington madein connection with the church's Na-tion-WideCampaign. The totalamount asked for wort in "this diocese, to be raised through-the Na-tion-WideCampaign in three yearsis $302,172. , -The girls' school at Versaille urnder the presidency of theRev. G. -sH. Harris is doing greater workthan ever before, with pupils fro"all 'parts of Kentucky" and with abig waiting list. The need of amendowment, canceling of unfinished,work has been recognized by thediocesan committee of the Nationwide Campaign as of greatest importance to the upholding andspread of religious culture througkthe State.The seventeen year's record, of St. xJohn's Collegiate Institute andWentworth iFarm at Corbin as -constructiveinfluence to the moustain people has been recognized inthe diocesan survey. Scientific agriculture and dairying, weavingand forging are taught in a Christian atmosphere. The school's store,through the co-operation of the Women's Auxiliary, furnishes clothing:at reduced prices. Archdeacon TBj, Wentworth has conducted theschool with increasing usefulness tothe community. ,CORONER'S JURY DECLARES A(CIIENT UNAVOIDABLE.The Coroner's investigation intothe death of Fannie May Hill, tMelittle daughter of Harry Hill, ofnear Hutchison, who was struck ankilled by an automobile, and absolved the driver of the machine,.Samuel B. Walton, from blame inthe matter. The inquest was heldin Lexington by Acting CoronerCharles P. Dodd. The body of thelittle victim was buried in the ParisCemetery last week.TURKEYS! TURKEYS!We are tffiroustrrectfvinftur-keys for the Thanksgiving market, butjour pens will be optneaTagain on December 1st to receive turkeys for the Christmasmarket, at which time we willpay highest market price.CHAS. Si BRENT & BRO.(18-tf)BLAKEMORENettleton ShoesDp. Heed's Cusruon Sole ShutsVI1i11SUflt Pim- i-?!l1 !!filltovslimM'$1-4Wf ' !utI1imi.1n-1 ,cniri nt fin nan v kuuu uhv,cd. .forces.C TF?TeJ' v r.v.VMGE TWOTHE BOUBBON NEWS, PABIS, KENTUCKYFIRDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 19igIfhiui i AIPEPSINOLis a wonderful correctivetonic that will tone upyour whole system. It.relievts stomach troubleand its causes safely,taurely and quickly. Ridyourself of weaknessand get back happinessAnd "Pep"Genuine Pepsinol isvmade only by The-Peplax Medicine Co.,': Memphis, Term., and isin strict accordance with-the Medical Standards-of the United StatesPharmacopoeia. GetPepsinol from:.PEOPLES PHARMACYMain St., Paris, Ky.Vi " lHOME GUARDS TO BE ORGANIZES" HEBEWith the object in view of forming a safe and reliable adjunct tothe local police and official serviceof the city and county, in providingprotection for persons and propertyin emergencies, such as strikes, andother forms of public disturbances,a movement has been started herefor the formation of a company ofhome guards. It is the intention toask the enlistment of all the youngmen in the city and county who sawservice in the late world war.A meeting will probably be heldin this city within the next few dayyfor the purpose of considering theproposition and formulating a definite plan of action. The move is anexcellent one, and will receive theencouragement and support of thepeople of the county, as it will be totheir interest.oME. P. LaDUKE, FARMER, SAYS,"YOU BET RATS CAN BITETHROUGH METAL.""I had feed bins lined with zinclast year, rats got through prettysoon. Was out $18. A $1 packageof RAT-SNAP killed so many ratsthat I've never been without itsince. Our Collie dog never touchedRAT-SNAP." You try it. Threesizes, 25c, 50c, $1.00. Sold andguaranteed by The Farmers' SupplyCo., Paris, Ky.(adv-nov)oKENTUCKEAN MEETS FORMERKENTUCKIAN IN GERMANY9VW. U. EMPLOYES TO GET SALARY RAISE.'According to information received here by the manager of thelocal office, employes of the Western Union Telegraph. Co., who have2ieen in the service of the company ayear or more, will receive an increase of fifteen per cent, in salaryeffective January 1. Employes whotTrnve been in the service less thanjar will get an increase of ten3er cent jIijJJa-A LADY IN CHICAGO TELEGRAPHS FOR RAT-SNAP.Read Mrs. Phillips' wire: ''Youell's'Exterminator Co., Westfield, N. J.lELush ?3 worth of RAT-SNAP."Xater "Teceived following letter:""RAT-SNAP" arrived. It rid ourliouse of rats in no time. Just mov-ed here from Pa., where I used RAT-. SNAP with great results." Three-sizes, 25c, 50c, $1.00. Sold and-guaranteed by The Farmer's Supply'Co., Paris, Ky.(adv-nov)Relatives in this county have received messages from G. Lee Wains-cott, of Winchester, now in Coblenz,Germany, stating that he had thepleasure of meeting there GeneralHenry Allen, a Kentuckian, who isnow head of the American Army ofOccupation in Germany. ThroughMr. Wainscott, General Allen, whois a native of Sharpsburg, sentmessages and kindest regards to acquaintances and relatives in thissection. Mr. and Mrs. Wainscottwere luncheon guests of General andMrs. Allen. Mr. Wainscott was officially appointed by Governor Blackto inspect the graves of Kentuckysoldiers buried abroad.WITHDRAW PETITION' DEPOT.FORA special to the daily papers fromFrankfort says:"The petition of Mayor E. B. January and citizens of Paris for a newdepot at Paris has been withdrawnfrom the State Railroad Commission. The withdrawal was evidentlyoccasioned by some understandingreached by the citizens and the Louisville & Nashville Railroad Company."There is more Catarrh in this section of the country than all otherdiseases put together, and for yearsit was supposed to be incurable.Catarrh is a local disease, greatlyinfluenced by constitutional treatment. Hall's Catarrh Medicine,manufactured by F. J. Cheney &Co., Toledo, Ohio, is a constitutionalremedy, is taken internally and actsthrough the blood on the mucoussurfaces of the system. One Hundred Dollars reward is offered forany case that Hall's Catarrh Medicine fails to mire. Send for H mull ars and testimonials.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by Druggists, 75c.Hall Family Pills for constipation.oWhat a fine world this would beif we all loved our neighbors as wetry to love ourselves".MHI HMHIIII MM 1 1 1 MM I HI 1 ! 4 I M 1 1 1 1 MpihJ; The J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND EMBALMERSMainand SixthStreetsParis Kv. sisxr.m- a,J-xo -"-. or Home 286Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only. ";twvy-'lA-4-VVtLWICysflUtf-ViTtfSiSSti iPJirtflPBjf'jfcfc'- rt v tjWffiP;vTLF5'ffiJ3liiiiimtiinim i wit. ..T f i t U 1 1 ' r 1 1 m Ml IUA MAN AND HIS WIFEmm )f 'may both derive saiisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings us.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERDelta Land ComanyRealtors,501-2-3 Exchange Building,Memphis, Tenn.For further information regarding the properties listed below,write us to the above address, orthe Delta Land Company, WestPoint, Miss.NO. 702 1,074 acres located onthe Southern Railway in Mississippi,with 300 acres open land and balance virgin timber, also located onmain highway from Columbus toWinona. Has five double tenanthouses in fairly good condition.This timber is exceptionatelyheavy and fine, no better timberproposition of its size anywhere inMississippi. Lots of farming land.Price, $37.50 per acre. All cashfor immediate delivery.NO. 704-5 380 acres on the railroad at a station where all trainsstop, on the Burlington Highway,just rocked; 300 acres open, 200 ofwhich are in cultivation, 100 acresof woodland and 30 acres of woodland in pasture, of this 100 acresare good black bottom land. Thereare 200 acres of Houston and Trinity Clay, or alfalfa land. It is wellimproved with good tenant houses,garage, two artesian wells, one ofwhich is overflowing. Lands of asimilar character in this vicinityare selling for as high as $125 peracre. Our price on this is very.much less on very attractive terms.NO. 665 280 acres fronting onehalf mile on a rock road, four milesfrom county seat and one of thebest towns in the entire prairiebelt; all open, well improved withfive-room residence, barn about50x80, that would cost at least $3,500; dairy barn about 35x60 withconcrete floor, modern in every respect, garage and milk house, threetenant houses; entire boundaryfenced and cross-fenced; 65 acreshog proof fence, over 200 acresguaranteed alfalfa land, 15 acres inalfalfa in good healthy condition,balance in corn, cotton and pasture.With proper cultivation will yieldthree-quarters of a bale of cotton, orfrom' 35 to 75 bushels of corn peracre. Absolutely one of the bestplaces in the entire prairie belt,from a standpoint of location, improvement and soil value. Termseasy.NO. 662 Approximately 160acres fronting one-half mile on ametal surface road, two miles fromcounty site, with a large portionthereof, tiled, drained and well improved with a dwelling, three barns,crib, garage, deep well, and fencedand crossed-fenced; 20 acres of goodalfalfa in healthy condition and 100acre guaranteed alfalfa land. Price$110 the acre, which is $25 peracre under anything of equal valuein the prairie belt.NO. 694 115 acres on pike road,three miles from one of the largestand best towns in the prairie belt.More than 50 per cent, guaranteedalfalfa land, balance a good grade ofOkitibbeha clay, just the right proportion for general farming. Landof equal and inferior fertility in immediate neighborhood selling for ashigh as $175 per acre. Our price is$100 per acre on liberal terms.NO. 680 1,200 acres in Noxubee"County, Miss., with 1,000 acresthereof first class black prairieland, 100 acres timberland and 123acres postoak land. The improvements consist of a residence, onemule barn, one cattle barn, onecommissary, 25 tenant houses, 2servant houses, garage, two silos andthree artesian wells. There are 300acres of growing alfalfa. This isconsidered the -finest plantation between Selma, Ala., and Egypt,Miss., 1,000 acres of the property isideal alfalfa land. There are 43mules and horses, about 100 hogs,40 hay trucks, six wagons, , fivemowors, and over 200 head of cattle that may be acquired with thisproperty should the purchaser deb're. This is the best all-roundequipped plantation in East Mississippi. Price and terms submitted onapplication. . . .We maintain a branch Office atWest Point, Miss., through whichwe handle lands in this section. Thisoffice is in charge of Mr. J. L. Dunlap, an experienced and competentjudge of land. We inspect everything that is offered for sale, andselect therefrom only such properties as are worth the money. It isour idea to handle the best land obtainable, rather than something underpriced and upon which the buyerwould lose money in operating. Weadvertise nothing that has not beencritically inspected. The information given herein, is therefore, correct and dependable. We agree torefund the transportation of anyonemaking an inspection and finding itmisrepresented in any material detail. Our reference, The NationalCity Bank, Memphis, Tenn.; TheBradstreet Co., Memphis, Tenn., andThe Memphis Real Estate Association, Memphis, Tenn.DELTA LA1TO COMPANY.junjuxjjxi3, , , .Vi,501-2-3 Exchange Building, $Memphis, Tennessee.Attention!If you are contemplating buyingPiano or Player Piano and wish tosave from $100 tx $150 on investment give me a can; vuw uuulc n,specialty of tuning and adjusting.J. H. TEMPLEMAN PIANO CO.John B. Geis, Rep.819 Main Street.Cumberland Phone 578.f25-2t)For Sale" Davenette, chair and rocker, upholstered in mule skin. Librarytable to match, fumed oak, Williamand Mary style. New. Above maybe seen at 808 Main street,(tf) MRS. T. HOUGH.For SaleMahogany fine finished office deskand chairs, used only a few weeks.Several composition black boardsnever used. One large and one smallrug, one boy's desk. Inquire atBLUEGRASS OIL EXCHANGE,(21-3t-pd) 418 Main Street.Truck and Cars ForHireServiceable truck and cars for hireat reasonable rates. Taxicab serviceday and night.S. R. HUDNALL,Both Phones. At Ruggles Garage.Trees! Trees!PLANT NOWFruit and Shade TreesBlooming ShrubsGrape VinesEvergreensPerennialsRhubarbHedgeEtc.Free Illustrated Catlog.No Agents.H.F.Hillenmeyer&SonsLexington, Ky.(till-decl) JFarm For RentI will rent at public auction infront of the court house door inParis, Ky., on Monday, CountyCourt Day, December 1, at 1:30o'clock p. m., my farm of 300 acreson the Russell Cave pike in Fayettecounty. Thirty acres for corn, 18acres for tobacco and 250 acres ofextra good meadow for grazing or tocut. Farm is well watered. At thesame time and place I will sellabout 30 barrels of picked yellowcorn and some Xodder.Mr. Howard, on the farm, willshow the place to prospective renters. (25-2t) D. S. HENRY.For SaleOne double-burner Wilson GasHeater, good as new. Can be seenany time atMRS. C. L. BELL'S(tf) 1219 Main Street.Wanted01d Hams.Wanted, Old Country HamsBring them to us. Highest cashprice paid at all times.E. H. BRANNON & CO.,(21-3t-pd) 418 Main Street.Farm Home601 Acres Good LandAnd a Beautiful7 -Room Brick HomeWe have contracted with Mrs. Susan Stiles to sell her beautifullittle farm located 5 miles from Shelbyville on the Smithfieldike at 1 : . . .. . $ 1 'J flffi:;E2SKSBPUBLIC SALESaturday, Nov. 29, at 1:30 P. M.This is one of the finest little farms in the county, located as it isright on one of the best pikes in the countysoon to become one of ourState-aid roads, right at Gleneyrie school, one of the best in the county;all good lands with plenty of tobacco land and well watered.The improvements consist of a dandy seven-room brick home, recently remodeled with a dandy front porch, latticed back-porch, cabinin yard and all necessary outbuildings in good condition. The barn is abeauty, has several good stalls, good crib, harness room, and tightflooring in the loft.Altogether we don't know of a better home and farm combined inthe county.We would be glad to take you out to look it over or you will find aman at the farm to show you.The best opportunity yet to buy your farm at your own price.We sell absolutely without reserve or by-bid., Remember the date Saturday, November 29, at 1:30 p. m.Free, 10.00 cash. Terms Easy. Free Souvenirs.WAKEFIELD-DAVIS REALTY CO.Hartford Building, Shelbyville, Ky.Lot Sale on Snow Hill, Saturday, November 29, 1919, at 10 o'clock(25-28)PUBLIC SALEOFSTOCK, CROP AND FARMINGIMPLEMENTSAlso Bank Stock and Other SharesThe undersigned, as administrator of theestate of the late Robert Lyne, will sell atpublic auction, onTHURSDAY. DEC. 4. 1919beginning at 1 0:30 a. m. Sale will take placeat the hbme of Mr. Hume Payne, on theTownsend Valley pike. Said sale is to settlethe partnership business of Payne & Lyne.PROPERTY TO BE DISPOSED OFIS AS FOLLOWS:1 0 head of mutes;9 head of horses;Good lot of cows;A lot of calves;A 2-year-old bull;1 68 ewes; 9 bucks;A nice lot of lambs;SO head of hogs; vFarm implements, all kinds;Corn in the shock.BANK STOCK, ETC.1 i tarCS Fjrst Nallonal Bank of Cynthiana, Ky.harcs Farmers and Traders Bank of Paris, Ky.2 f hares "enry C,ay Rrc Insurance Company.2 Shares Cynthiana Tobacco Warehouse Company.TERMS OF SALE-Liberal and made known on day of sale.W. W. MITCHELLCEO. ?D. SPEAKES, AMcHontmi,"St,4t0r Rbert Vyne-Cumberland Phpn? 40 rHome Phone 169(28-5) ' ' . .xi.r .X,-IVIRPAY, NOVEMBER 28, 1919THE BOUBBOH IfWS, PA1IS, JLWTUUMnmITS NOT YOUR HEARTIT'S YOUR KIDNEYSK3dn7 dle&M it respecter ef perm. A majority of the ilia afflicting-pla today can t traoed back tokidney troubleThe kidney are tk moat importantaans of thm body. They are theaitarers, tha pmriflara, of your blood.KSflney dieasa ia tiaually indloatad tyireorlxeas, aleepleaaaaaa, aarrouaneas,Mpwideccy, backacka, ataaaaah trouble, pain in loins and lower abdomen,rail stones. rYL rkamnatten. sciaticatad lnmbaaTO.All theaa dartnramaajta ara nattrre'aijrsls to warn yo that the kidneyseed help. You ahoald use GOLDifSDAX. Haarlem Oil Capamlaa imme-SiiiiVWrhS.A00thln healtag oil BtlmtiJS thi idny relieves inflammations and destroys the germs which5.L.usd - wait until tomorrow. Go to your druggist today andinsist on GOLD MEDAL Haarlem OilSSSS9? , twenty-four hours youI imel heith and vI&or returning?4-.wTm blesa day you first heardof GOLD .MEDAL Haarlem OilAfter 'you feel thy.t you have curedyourself, continue to take one or twocapsules each day, so as to keep innrat-cTaas condition and ward off thadanger of other attacks.Ask for the original imported GOLDMEDAL brand. Three sizes. Money refunded if they do not help youCAKTEILL WILL BE CANDIDATEFOE BE-ELECTION.SHALL NEWSPAPERS THREAT-(city dailies and magazines hasENED WITH DESTRUCTIONSmall daily and weekly newspapers are threatened with destruction because of inability to obtainprint paper. Congress was told byRepresentative Reaves, of Nebraska.He charged that newsprint manufacturers were refusing to sell smallpublishers, in order to fill-the wantsof the metropolitan dailies.Paper consumption by the bigiMrssaiQET READY"FOR "FLU"greatly increased. Mr. Reaves said,Dy an "extensive national advertising campaign conducted to defeatthe government in collecting taxes."He urged that the internal revenuebureau investigate the returns ofconcerns conducting the campaignto disclose to what extent their excess profit tax fwas reduced by thecosts of the advertising.9 .SUMMING UP THE EVIDENCECongressman11 J. C. Cantrill hasmade known in a letter to StateCommissioner of Agriculture Mat S.Cohen that "under present conditions he is not figuring on enteringthe race for the United States Senate" and that it is his purpose tostand for renomination and re-electionin 1920 as representative fromthe Seventh Congressional District.oGAftHJ'IN THE STATE IS INCREASING.Keep Your Liver Active, YourSystem Purified and Free FromColds by Taking Calctabs,the Nausealess CalomelTablets, that are Delightful, Safe andSure. -?Many Paris People Have Been Called As Witnesses.A big increase in wild gamethroughout the State is cited by J.Quincy Ward, executive agent of the JGame and Pish Commission, as thelreason for the unprecedented num-1ber of hunting licenses issued thisjseason. The number is expected tosurpass 5 5,0 00. In other years it Iwas approximately 30,000.Franklin county has shown anincrease of 50 per cent, with morethan 600 to date. Bourbon countyhas issued 1,285, a large increase,and Jefferson county 7,000, havingrequested a supplement of 2,000this week.The extreme cold of the winter of1917 caused a serious setback to allgame, says Mr. Ward, but last winter was favorable to the game. Thesquirrel law also has aided propagation by changing the season forhunting from June-February to July1-December 16.NEW TREATMENT THATKNOCKS RHEUMATISM.Physicians and Druggists are advising their friends to keep their systemspurified and their organs in perfectworking oruor as a protection againstthe return of influenza. They knowthat a clogged up system and a lazyliver favor colds, influenza and seiiouscomplications.To cut short a cold overnight and toprevent serious complications take oneCalotab at bedtime with a swallow ofwater that's all. No salts, no nausea,no giiping, no sickening after effects.Next morning your cold has vauished,your liver is active, your system is purified and refreshed and you are feelingfine with a hearty appetite for breakfast Eat what you please no danger.Calotabs are sold only in originalsealed packages, price thirty-five cents.Every druggist is authorized to refundyour money if you are not perfectlydelighted with Calotabs. (Adv.)Week after week has been published the testimony of Paris people, kidney sufferers, backache victims people who have enduredmany forms of kidney, bladder orurinary disorders. These witnesseshave us,ed ' Doan's Kidney Pills. Allhave given their enthusiastic approval. It's the same everywhere.50,000 American men and womenare publicly recommending Doan'salways in the home papers. Isn'tit a wonderful, convincing mass ofproof? If you are a sufferer yourverdict must be "Try Doan's first."Here's one more Paris case.Wm. W. Dudley, 1729 Cypressstreet, says: "Some years ago Ifound it necessary to use a kidneyremedy and as I had read aboutDoan's Kidney Pills, I used them.75c Box Free To Any SuffererUp in Syracuse, N. Y., a treatment for rheumatism has beenfound that hundreds of users say isa wonder, reporting cases that seemlittle short of miraculous. Just afew treatments even in the veryworst cases seem to accomplishwonders even after other remedieshave failed entirely. It seems toneutralize the uric acid and limesalt deposits in the blood, drivingall the poisonous clogging wastefrom the system, Soreness, pain,stiffness, swelling just seem to meltaway and vanish.The treatment first introduced byMr. Delano is so good that its ownerwants everybody that suffering fromrheumatism or who has a friend soafflicted, to get a free 75c packagefrom him to prove just what it willThey proved to be satisfactory and . do in every case before a penny ispermanently rid me oi complaint, spent. Mr. Delano says: "To proveI have good reason to recommend that the Delano treatment will posDoan's Kidney Pills and advise itively overcome rheumatism, hotheir use to anyone troubled with a matter how severe, stubborn or longONLY A COLD.Are you ill? is often answered"Oh! it's only a cold," as if a coldwas a matter of little consequence,but people are beginning to learnthat a common cold is a matter notto be trifled with, that some of themost serious diseases start with acold. As soon as the first indication of a cold appears take Chamberlain's Cough Remedy. Remember that the sooner you get rid ofyour cold the less the danger, andthis remedy will help you to throwit off.LIVESTOCK SALEGeorge D. Speakes conducted thepublic sale on the premises on theGreenwich pike, Friday, of the livestock belonging to R. D. Watts.Good prices were obtained allaround. Cows sold for $50 to $100per head; one suckling mule colt,$60; one horse ?255; chickens, $1each, and turkeys, $5 to $6.50 each.oThe first piofit on many goods isin the buying. The man who iswilling to take pains in his buyingis the man who gets this profit.mJAMES WATSON SAYSr 'TLL NEVER FORGET WHEN FATHER'S HOGS GOTCHOLERAweak and lame back or irregularpassages of the kidney secretions."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Dudley had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)oBusiness dangers and troubles,like others, look less fearsome whenyou come face to face wtih them ( Buld., Syracuse, N. Y.standing the case, and even after allother treatments have failed, I will,if you have never previously usedthe treatment, send you a full size75c package free if you will justcut out this notice and send it withyour name and address with 10c tohelp pay postage and 'distributionexpenses tome personally."F. H. Delano, 1389 Griffin SquareI can sendthan when trying to run away from only one Freethem. dressPackageto an ad-(25-3t)"One morning he found 20 hogodead and several sick. He called inthe Vet, who after dissecting a ratcaught on the premises, decided thatthe rodents had conveyed germs.Since then I am never without RATSNAP. It's the surest, quickest latdestroyer I know." Three sizes, 25c,50c, $1.50. .Sold and guaranteed byThe Farmers' Supply Co., Paris, Ky.(adv-nov)Wolf, Wile & Co:Also, we don't see why the kindof cigars we smoke are not sold bythe pound, like oidinary fodder.fcaTFall and Winter- N W,SuitsCoatsDressesandFursFor Ladies and Missesat Attractive PricesNi oWolf, Wile C& Co.Lexington, Ky.ITEDW. BURKE, PresidentH. S. CAYW00D, Vice PresidentJN0. T. COLLINS, ManagerBOURBONTOBACCOWAREHOUSE COMPANYHaving Received Positive Assurance From the Heads of the Big CompaniesThat Their Buyers will be on Hand, Announce Their Opening Sale forWEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 3TOBACCO RECEIVED ANY TIME AFTER NOVEMBER 15come: to the: opening and see:vi .J?-3?J3aOMCIA 4iouRNEWHOUSEConsider These Facts:1. The Paris market sold 12,000,000 pounds of tobacco the past seasonfor the highest average obtained on any market in Kentucky.2. The Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Company sold in their two housesmore than 8,000,000 pounds of tobacco for the highest average on Paris market. 3. We now have three of the best and finest lighted houses in Kentucky.4. Our Auctioneer, Mr. Wikoff , will be back. He is in a class by himself,as those who have heard him know.5. We have the best starter in Kentucky.6. This Company has held down the fees on the Paris market for sevenyears and will hold them down again this year in spite of the fact that we werestrongly urged to raise them.7. This means a saving of 30 cents per hundred on $40 tobacco; a savingof 35 cents per hundred on $50 tobacco and 40 cents per hundred on $60 tobacco. Last season the lower fees saved the patrons of Paris market $36,000.8. We do not try to pinhook our customers, but do our best to give all thesame treatment and the best information at our command at all times. Last season we advised everybody to hold tobacco until January 1st. We now want toinform you that tobacco is very, very high in North Carolina, and judging ourmarket by that, as we have been able to do in the past, good bright tobacco willbe very high in Kentucky. The apparent large per cent, of low grade tobacco inthis crop has a tendency to make us apprehensive of lower prices for commontobacco, though we are glad to note a very considerable advance in low gradesupon hogshead market in the past ten days.9. It will pay you to put your tobacco over the floor. The speculatorwho offers to buy expects to make money and is probably better posted thanyou.10. Take pains in stripping and sorting and let us sell your crop for theHigh Dollar.A.TB. HANCOCK,C. M. CLAY, JRmJAS. CALDWELL,A. L. STEPHENSON,DIRECTORSH. S. CAYWOOD,ED. BURKE,SAM CLAY,W. M. ROGERS,C. D. WILSON;S. R. EtURRIS,TOM BROCK,JNO. T. COLLINS-HiL';1iJii::lmaiJ i?;lMl.nhiim'$trHfjIHaf,s1 ,s vME BOUBBOH MWS, P11H, JLUTUOJLIrtT-FIRIAY, NOVEMBER 28, lflfMG1 lOfl WPWkBIMfl-'vsif:ILostOn Main street, in Paris, Wednes--ti&y,between Logan Howard's andMrs. Geo. Ellis' groceries, a brownleather purse containing a sum ofoney. Finder leave at NEWSoffice and get reward. (It)1 ? ; ety, which is raising $300,000 to(build a farm home for the childrenAdministrator s Notice i'e'Suer, m mi, i. as miow.:Al persons having claims against! "In September Gov. James D.or knowing t'hemselves to be in-1 Black issued a splendid proclamadebted to the estate of Mrs. Anna-ition requesting all citizens to assistTkoiin Pripp riAflP.asp.il are remiested I in a drive being: made by the Ken-cpfio cimTi inpvtwinps nr nmvpsuch claims as required by law withthe undersigned administrator atonce.W. O. HINTON,Administrator of Mrs. AnnabellaPrice, Deceased.(28-3t-F)We WantLiberty Bondsall issuesWar StampsWill pay top market price.S. T. & E. W. RANDLE CO.Phone 1229X Fayette Bank BIdg.LEXINGTON, KY.(till-Janl)Farm For RentAttend the public renting of the-Clay farms onSaturday, Dec. 6, 1919at 11 o'clock, a. m., at the ParisCourt House.1. Located on the Winchesterpike, the farm of Miss Letitia Clay,containing 301.4 acres, with largelesidence, 5-acre tobacco barn, and-all out-buildirigs, will have 122.97acres in corn, 19.52 acres in tobacco, S9. 89 acres in bluegrass,and 69.02 in meadow.2. Located near Escondida Station, the farm of Jos. H. Clay, containing 479 acres, with three tenant houses and 7-acre tobacco barn,will have 190 acres in corn, 170acres in clover and bluegrass, and-119 acres in virgin soil. Sevenacres from the virgin soil in tobacco. See Geo. D. Spears, or handTrills. ' (28-3t)FARMS FOR SALE!OHIO BLUE GRASS FARMSReal Limestone Land, Well Located, Priced RightONE MILE OF THE CORPORATION LINE OF CINCINNATI, 197acres of level to gently rolling land, on fine cement pike, one-half mileof Dixie Highway and city car line, 50 acres bluegrass sod, 66 awheat, 50 a, clover, 5-a. of apple orchard bearing, well fenced, running water in every field, air pressure water system furnishing water inbarn and barn yards. This farm averaged 30 bushels of wheat peracre on 52 acres, corn 12 bbl. per acre, milk check $400 per month,100 acres of this farm will produce the very best grade of White Burleytobacco; 7 room h, dairy barn for 50 cows, with feed barn attached,120 ton silo, stock barn 40x60, implement shed, hog h, poultry h, shedwith Fairbanks scale, 2 garages. BIGGEST BTRGAIN EVER OFFERED -FOR $30,000, one-half cash, balance to suit purchaser.82 acres JOINING THE CORPORATION OF CINCINNATI, level togently rolling land, on good pike 4 squares from city car line, close toschool, High School, and the University of Cincinnati, just the place toeducate your children, 25 acres blue grass sod, some fruit, balance forcultivation, 8-room pressed brick h, large bank barn, implement shed,xjora crib, poultry house, hog h. CONSIDER LOCATION AND EDUCATIONAL ADVANTAGES, THIS FARM IS WORTH ?500 per acre. Price,$225 per acre, one-half cash.j YOU CAN NEVER MAKE A BETTER BUY 159 acres of leveland rolling land. 100 acres of this land is level, 58 .acres rolling andhill land JUST THE KIND THAT PRODUCES THE REAL WHITEBURLEY TOBACCO 25 a. wheat. 30 a. clover, 28 a. bluegrass sod, 5a. fine apple orchard, '"bearing, 7 Yooni frame h, barn 40x60, silo, corncrib, wagon shed, implement h., poultry k, good fences. A GOOD STOCK,GRAIN AND TOBACCO FARM, AND THE PRICE IS RIGHT $11 000half cash.A PEW DOLLARS WILL BRING YOU TO OUR OFFICE COMEasxu jtjii, jui viiNLHijj. we reiuna all expenses of your trip iffarms are not more and better than advertised.GET OTTR NEW PA3M LIST.PARR & WOODRUFF, 321Two Excellent Scott County Farms atPUBLIC AUCTIONMonday, December 1, 1919Beginning with No. 1 at 10 o'clock sharp, as hereafter described,on the premises of each, we will offer the public a chance to buy whatis recognized as some of the best land in Scott county. Each of thesefarms border on the famous Elkhorn Creek, all excellent land of thelimestone quality, which is famous the country over for productivenessthe fertility of the soil being superior to any known in the famousBluegrass region of Kentucky. ,FARM NO. 1 Contains about 82 acres, located at or near Lemon'sMill, on the Lexington and Newtown pike, being on the west side ofsaic pike. There is on the place an excellent 5-room bungalow (comparatively new) with splendid 10-acre tobacco barn and grainery cribstock barn and plenty of fruit. Wll watered with North ElkhornCreek, being the north boundary of said farm, cistern in back porchtenant house. About half of this farm is now in grass, most of it oldBluegrass and clover, and is good and ready for tobacco. ' The land thatwas plowed ttiis year is now sown in rye. You can't buy this one wrong.FARM NO 2 Is known as one of the show places of Scott countybeing the colonial home of the &rrick family, who occupied jt for ax generation, and it is a rare thing to" have an opportunity of buving afarm of this character, there being 127 acres of very fertile soilabout 40 acres of which is Elkhorn bottom land. Then there is agradual incline to the premises which consist of a splendid two-story8-room residence, newly painted inside and out, beautiful shaded yardexcellent orchard, tobacco barn, capacity for 12 acres, stock barn withconcretebasin for watering stock, corn cribs, garage, in fact this is acomplete farm and home, the soil being as good as the best Plenty ofjoo tobacco land, as there has been. very little tobacco grown on thisfarm of late years, as the owner has been cultivating land off of thisUce. This farm is located just off the -Lexington 2nd Newtown pikeW of Johnson's Mill, one mile from Newtown shipping point, wherethere are splendid schools, churchy g etc Anybody looking forpermanent home and for a money-make cannot misit ,J buying this- Sec 3$. P. Uragoo on Farm-No. 1, D. B. Wallace on Earm No 2 orUirrii & Spetkes, Paris, Xy.F0KD WOOD, AgemtsiOOIt. GEOXGE SEEAKES, Anctione ei . . ' GEORGETOWN KY.- "" .TOGES SUPPORT OP CHILDREN'SHOME."The cause of homeless children iswithout creed;" declared Governorelect Edwin P. Morrow in an openletter to citizens of the State, call-ling their attention to the needs ofthe Kentucky Children's Home boci-tuckv Children's Home Societythrough the schools of the State for?300,000, the purpose being to remove this institution from its overcrowded location in the city to aplace in the country, :where thechildren might have the fresh air,sunshine, playgrounds and everything that normal children musthave in order to develop them intouseful citizens. The last week inOctober was set aside for this driveand while indications are that manyschools and communities have reached and exceeded their quota, I aminformed that some have not doneso, and I wish to supplement the appeal of Governor Black and ask allcitizens of Kentucky to help in thism'ost worthy cause."I am informed that an intensivedrive is being made at this time inevery county and hope that all Kentucky people will join enthusiastically so that the unfortunate children of the State may have theneeded protection and love which isthe bright light, of every child;that we may be able to build a suitable home for the unfortunatechildhood of the State."The cause of homeless childrenis without creed and I am quitesure will appeal to the heart of allKentucky and that our responsewill be prompt and liberal."oENTERTAINMENT BY WOMANS'CLUB NORTH MIDDLETOWNThe Woman's Club of North Middletown will present a dramatizationof the Book of Job, at the Christianchurch, in that place to-night (Friday) at eight o'clock. Mrs. HoraceBacon will have charge of the presentation. A double quartet, withpipe organ, harp and drums, underthe direction of A. L. Boatright, ofParis, will, render the music, anadaptation from the cantata, of"Saul."The cast of characters will comprise about sixty people who havebeen costumed by professionals under the supervision of Mrs. MagnusRash, Mrs. Horace Bacon and Mrs.Allie Dickson.ourE. Fourth St., Cincinnati, O..PARIS BOY VSEES WILD WESTPROM "A UZZLE.'Traveling through the West -on acombined business and pleasuremission, a former Paris boy, Clarence Erringer, is getting a greatdeal of enjoyment and many novelexperiences out of his trip. Mr.Erringer is representing one of thehigh-class makes of automobiles onthe Pacific Coast, although he ismaking his trip in a "Tin Lizzie"carrying a side-line for another concern. He started from Minneapolis,Minn., last spring, going throughthe country up to the frozen regionsof the North, then down the Coast,and through the West. In a letterto a member of THE NEWS somemonths ago he told of a thrilling experience with a bear in YellowstonePark., etc. The following lettertells something of his experiencesalong the way:"Searchlight, Nevada, Saturday."Dear Billy:"A couple of 'lame ducks' arrivedin this lonely desert town alongabout 10:00 o'clock this morning(by moonlight.) While crossingDeath Valley (a very appropriatename, by the way) the oil in thefeed pipe of my 'Lizzie' becameclogged up, and owing to a refusalto feed properly, resulted in burning out two of the bearings, and Ihad to travel at the rate of tenmiles an hour to keep from breaking the crank shaft. Webber, whois crossing with me, had two blow;outs and engine trouble, and wefinally had to come in on two rims"We were a sorry-looking pair,covered with dust and alkali fromeyebrows to toenails, hungry andcold. Our cars are now in the garage, and we cannot get out of thislittle mining town for another eighthours and some expense, at least$5 0s. You see we are trying toavoid the winter weather and tookthe short cut straight south, cutting out Los Angeles and the PacificCoast territory. We have had absolutely no business for the past threeweeks in our line, and there will benone until we reach Arizona andTexas."We were lost completely beforereaching Las Vegas. Went over twohundred miles out of our course,and finally landed in the little village of 'Death Valley City.' Slepton the desert two nights, once in acliff-dweller's cave, and anothernight in a deserted miner's cabin.Nearly froze to death, and had itnot been for my leather-and-wool-linedJergen, it would have beenfierce. The most God-forsaken andlonesome place on earth is the desert, and we have another five hundred miles to go through. There is-no other way, in fact. We go fromhere to Needles, California, theneast, and north to Prescott, toPrescott, to Phoenix, to El Paso, instead of Albuquerque, as I find thatwe cannot get through that way.May work all of Texas this month,and possibly head back east throughthe South, reaching Chicago aboutChristmas. Will probably go as faras I can with my 'tin Lizzie,' thenditch her and take the tram from.the nearest point. We will not goto Los Angeles this trip."We bumped into a travelingmovie picture outfit 'stuck in thedesert, where they had been twoweeks. They had a big truck andtwo small Fords. We had a greattime with them. There were twowomen in the party, and they werethe gamest two women I have evermet. We built a huge bonfire andhad an Indian war dance, and gotall the fun possible out of the predicament in which we were all placed. The only way we ever succeeded in reaching Las Vegas out ofDeath Valley."Webber climbed up on top of hiscar, and spied what looked to be theheadlight of a car, a distance wethought, of about ten miles. It didnot seem to move, so we concludedit was someone lost like ourselves,and had out a distress signal. Therefore we headed straight for it. Myspeedometer registered eighty milesto the spot, which we found to be alarge mirror mounted on a tallbamboo pole, near by a wigwam,and a bunch of Indians campedclose by. I traded them a few ofmy possessions and they gave usgood food for them. They turnedout to be 'rustlers' in search ofstray cattle (thieves I think) andhad posted up this signal to directtheir parties out on the search.Lucky meeting for us, or we mayhave been there yet. No motor carhad ever traveled over that route,and believe me, I'll carry a compassafter this, for the sun does not shineall the time."We saw several deer, cayotes andmountain cats, and one bear calledthe silver-tip bear, which speciesabound here, and which old-timerssay w ill fight to a finish at any oldtime. ' We saw a number of tracks,but did not care particularly totrace up his bearship, nor to try toentertain him."Nevada is one complete honeycomb of mines, all dead, worked out,and deserted towns. Virginia City,formerly a live town of 7,000 population, has three complete businessstreets of all kinds of stores and saloons, all going to pieces, only twenty-fiveinhabitants left in the placenow. Goldfield, once a boomertown, has dwindled from 5,000 to500. Tonapah is about dead. Renois a very brisk place and is a comingcity, I think. I can readily seewhere all the poor Eastern suckerslast their money bought stock intnese rat-holes. Nevada will nevercome back, and is absolutely a wildcat proposition all the way through."It is true there are several goodgold and silver mines, but they arefew and far between. For instance,the 'Lucky Boy mine is played out,yet the stock is still being sold. Ivisited this mine, and saw everything, it is a dead one. Met several promo tor outfits who 'are getting rich out of these abandonedmines."Booze and beer are loeing distilled at every ranche along the line.All have grapes, and thev drinirworse than wheV the saloons h.dWOMEN TO TAKE"CIrT CENSUS;MEN IN COUNTY."Women make the best censusenumerators," stated SupervisorJoseph W. Morris, of Lexington, recently, 'and I have recommendedthat the majority of workers in" thetowns in my district be chosen fromamong applicants of the fair sex."The reason for this superiority,Mr. Morris said, was the exactnesswith which the average womenstudied instructions, an essential incensus work. In consequence,towns and cities will be covered bywomen, and farm records . by menwmlh the 1920 census work starts.Mr. Morris has forwarded his recommendations for enumerators toWashington, and -said he believed amuch better grade of workers hadtaken the examination this yearthan in 1900. Only two public officials, a postmaster and a county attorney, are on the list, examinationmarks being the deciding factors inmaking the recommendations ratherthan political affiliation, he declared. QBUY AT HOME PATRONIZE APROSPEROUS AND GROWINGHOME INSTITUTIONInsist that your grocer furnish you"home-baked" bread and cakes. If hehasn't our goods, we will make deliveries through him. Try "American Beauty," "Mother's" and SaltRising bread. A full line of cakesand pies. Our bakery is neat andclean and everything is handled ina sanitary way. Our telephone is376. iPARIS BAKING CO.(Successor to Wilmoth & Co.)(25-2t)THE BEST INSURANCE.Insure your tobacco in thebarn against Fire and Windstorm withYERKES & PEED,Farmers & Traders Bank.(augl5-tf)RECORD SMASHING ENTRIESThat interest in live stock hasnot been impaired by war exigencies is indicated by the heaviest entries for the twentieth anniversaryexhibit of the International LiveStock, Exposition this 'year.The 1919 entries exceed by nearly700 head those of any previous exposition. jNumbers, however, will not be atthe expense of quality, as the aristocrats of the animal "world, theprize winners of all other shows,will be assembled in a final contest,making the 1919 exhibit superlativein every degree. The best seedstock of the world will be on view,insuring a series of the most spirited contests ever witnessed in a livestock? display arena.Fat as well as breeding stock willmake a stellar display. Thesopen airpfiow, always a conspicuous feature,is a record breaker.Figures talk, possessing a reputation for veracity, not to be disregarded and a collossal exhibit ofapproximately 8,000 pure-bred andhigh-grade horses, cattle, hogs andsheep at Chicago this year, duringthe first week in December, willmark high 'tide in the sphere of livejstock improvement effort.oATTENTION FARMERS! LET USKILL YOUR HOGS.We are especially prepared andnow ready to slaughter vour hosfor you. and can do it better andcheaper that you can. We will alsorender, your lard and make yoursausage. Call us over the pheneand we will do the rest.MARGOLEN'S SANITARY MEAT. MARKET. (2l-tf)their, day. I have never seen somany deserted saloons. For instance, as I sit heie writing- I cansee on this deserted street thirteensaloons, all gambling dens iiU theirday. This town boasted "of one minder a day during those times, no lawthere. The 'wildwomen' of thosedays occupied cribs (fenced in.)They are lined up back in the foothills."Met an old 'forty-niner' prospector, also 'Death Valley Scotty, who,as you know, is a native of Cynthiana, Ky., whom I had previouslymet is Los Angeles. Scotty gainednotoriety several years ago by chartering a train and speeding acrossthe continent to New York. Claimed that all he had to do whenbroke, was to return to Death Valley, where his claim is located, anddig up more. Guess it is true, allGALLEY 2 ERRINGER LETTER!right, for he is getting ready foranother big jaunt. He took outntty-six pounds of platinum lastweek and sold it to a Chicago bankfor $56 per ounce. He is a regularsport. I also met an English millionaire, and was entertained byhim and his wife in the little townof Beatty, Nevada. He is sellingstock (mining stock) of his own,another hole-in-the-ground, but heseems to be getting by with it."This old 'forty-niner' prospectorwanted me to, go to his claim andlocate with him. Claims he foundout from the Indians of years agojust where to locate a bonanza, hut,being out of stake money, could notgo. Said he would guarantee me afortune in ninety days. Too quickaction, though for me. Might killfather, therefore, I -passed" it up."Well, my fist is growing cramped; and I'll have to save the rest ofthe experiences for another time. Iam surely having the time of myyoung life, and wish you could be,out here with me. Great living inthe, open. - Regards to all Parisfriends 'and schoolmates who mayremember me. Will write again,j. .-"Yours,594COSTS NO MOQEIMAM UK ooDMiunrPHONOGRAPH4"y "'.:Sirooks & Snapp Drug Co.MHM3HMMSiaamJB.l.iDon't Worry About theLaundryLet Us Demonstrate theEden ElectricWashing MachineIn Your Own HomeT. W. SPICER314 Main St. Paris, KentuckyEast Tennessee Phone 103; Home Phone 101K.ia-ASSiiStr.g.l-.griS.g.;;fTflrtniasthe Kitchen CabinetSaves LaborSaves TimeSaves FoodsNow in aMillion and aHalf HomeThe FavoriteThis scientific labor saver was the pioneerkitchen helper, and throughout the years it has heldfirst place among housewives because it offers somany features that cannot be secured elsewhere.Until you see the Hoosier demonstrated youcannot realize how it will save your time andstrength as well as make your kitchen convenientand attractive.Made in 'several beautiful models and pricedwithin the reBch of all. Demonstrations made atany time.. Ask the salesman.A. F. WHEELER & CO.CHAS. GREEN, ManagerOpp. Court House Paris, KentuckyN.-fc'' V"-. " '- .'- i fti.oi;V "rvH3',522qr!S3-m,,i,4i.iiwgjg:iia- g.- grg-rSaeaag-Mthat saves miles of stepsFor 20 Yearsj TiiTl w t TwM (wKkKB Pill Ilk ilmM "V-Tfjli HA-' ' "CRARENCE."13..& vi'&::J 'f -v" V--V1 1FIRDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 1J919THE BOtTRSOlf TOWS, MttJ, IJJITOCIT-j--. ,mas just ft-asHr,r ' mFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSECITY PROPERTY FOR SALEt the Court House door, at 2o'clock, two houses and lots will beoffered for sale. One on Hanson andGano streets, another on Thmoasavenue and Williams street. 'SeeGeorge D. Speakes, Auctioneer, orhandbills. (28-3t)ADDRESS CARPENTERS' UNION.The regular meeting- of the Bourbon County Carpenters' Union willbe held to-night at their rooms inthe Masonic Temple. The exerciseswill be featured by an oyster supperfollowed by a "smotfer." Mr. R. FKirk, of Chicago, will deliver an addre that will be of interest to thejnembers.COUNTY COURT ORDERSIn the County Court, Wm. O. Hinton was appointed administratorwith will annexed, of Anna BellePrice. Mr. Hinton qualified by furnishing bond in $2,000 with OscarT. Hinton as surety.Judge Denis Dundon qualified asexecutor of the estate of Kate Lee,with bond at ?400.ONLY TWO DAYS TO PAY COUNTY TAXESOnly two more days remain untilDecember 1, in which to pay countytaxes for 1919 before the penaltygoes into effect. The penaltywhich the delinquent must pay issix per cent., with six per cent, interest on the amount of the taxes.Sheriff McClintock and deputies areanticipating a rush to pay taxes before the penalty goes on.WEAre selling those carried-overboys' and children's suits very fast.No wonder they are at least half theprice that we could buy them wholesale. Some blue serges, too, in thelot. A great many that are worth$20.00 and $22.50. Sizes that wehave now are 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16and 17. Better come quick andsave at least half. The prices are$7.50, $8.50 and $10.00. We havea few boys' and children's overcoats at the same price, but carriedover.J. W. DAVIS & CO.;ETNE TOBACCO RAISED BY I. 0. 0.E. BOYS.Samples of fine cigarette tobaccotaken from a crop of five acres, raised by the boys at the Odd Fellows'Home, in Lexington, are on exhibition in the window at January &Connell's place of business. Thecrop is one of extra fine quality,and would readily sell for 75 centsto $1 a pound on the market. Theseboys are wards of the Odd Fellowsof the State, and have shown whatthey can do in the way of becominggood citizens.oDO YOU KNOW WHAT COUNTS?SPEND LESS SAVE MORE.Why do some succeed and othersfail? The answer is easy. Somethink, and others do not.Take out stock in the BourbonBuilding & Loan Association andwhen it matures no doubt the purchasing power of money will bedoubled.Your $1,000 that will mature inabout six years and a half will buyat much as $2,000 -will to-day. Adollar will buy twice as much whenprices drop one-half.Just think and save in our newseries which opens Saturday, December 6.H. A. POWER, Pres.WILL S. ARNSPARGER, Sec'y.(28-lt)o -ATTENTION, FARMERS!We are prepared to furnish youwith hog houses, cattle troughs,sheep troughs, etc.. on short notice.We are also well supplied with allkinds of lumber necessary for theprotection of stock from the winterweather. It pays to take care oflive stock, and winter is here. Roofsshould he repaired, building shouldbe stripped and other openingsclosed. "E0URB0N LUMBER CO.rREMINDER OF OLD DAYSA relic of the old days in Parisand a forcible reminder of the rapidadvance in the cost of necessities oflife during the past few years, wason display recently in the showwindow of O. S. Varden & Son. Itwas a pair of old-fashioned coppertoed boots wron by the late CliftonArnspargerr former well-known attorney of Paris, who has been deadseveral years.The boots were purchased by Mr.Arnsparger's parents for him in1871, when he was about ten yearsold. At that time they cost about$1.50. It was stated by a leadingshoe dealer of Paris that the sameboots to-day, figuring on the amountof leather they contain, would costvery close to $16.The Carlisle Mercury, in its column "Thirty Years Ago," had anitem stating that J. W. Lee, one ofthe leading clothiers fn Carlisle atthat time, advertised a genuinechinchilla overcoat, satin-faced, withcanton flannel pockets, for $9.98.A Paris clothier stated that the samecoat to-day would cost at least '$75.SOCIAL AND PERSONALvomings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.-Miss Elizabeth Steele will leavethis week for Florida to spend thewinter.Miss Emma Lou Scott has returned from a visit to friends inLouisville.Mrs. C. W. Payne has returnedfrom a visit to relatives and friendsm Maysville.Mrs. Sidney Bryan has returned from a visit to Mrs. Albert Kirtley, in Frankfort.Mrs. Sallie Brown, of Cincinnati, is a guest of Mrs. Amos Turney, Sr., near Paris.Miss Ruby Elder has as guestfor the Thanksgiving holidays MissAda Groom, of Frankfort.Mrs. Douglass Clay has returned from a visit to -her parents, Mr.and Mrs. A. Adams, in Frankfort.Mrs. Charles D. McCartney, ofSouth Main street, is visiting relatives in Peola and Kansas City, Mo.Miss Lucille Chipley is spending the Thanksgiving holidays inLatonia as guest of Miss ChristineSams.Mrs. Sallie Bedford Adams hasreturned to her home in Lexington,after a visit to Mrs. Frank M. Clay,in East Paris.Mrs. L. M. True and mother,Mrs. Violette have returned from atwo-weeks' stay at West BadenSprings, Indiana.Mr. and Mrs. Will Wilder, ofLouisville, are guests at the homeof Mr. and Mrs. George W. Wilder,on Cypress street.Miss Ina Mattox is spending theThanksgiving holidays in Cincinnatias a guest of . Mrs. Nora Hartley,formerly of this city.Mrs. William Shire will behostess this afternoon at her homeon Main street to the members ,ofthe Friday Bridge Club.Mr. and Mrs. Charles Snapphave returned to their home in Versailles, after a visit to Mr. and Mrs.John H. Doty, in this city.Miss Nancy Griffith was hostessTuesday afternoon to the members ofthe Tuesday Afternoon Bridge Club,at her home oir Pleasant street.On account of the Thanksgiving holiday no meeting of the ParisLiterary Club or the Progressive.Culture Club will be held this week.Mrs. Carrie L. Woodford andMrs. J. T. Martin, have returned totheir homes in this city, after anextended stay at Martinsville, Ind.Mr. and Mrs. -Fred Legg, ofCincinnati, are spending theThanksgiving holidays in this citywith Mr. and Mrs. Frank Trisler, onEighth street.Miss Charlina Ball entertainedthe members of the WednesdayBridge Club at her home on theMaysville pike, near Paris, Wednesday afternoon.Miss Sara Power is at homefrom school at Shelbyville, to spendthe Thanksgiving holidays with herparents, Mr. and Mrs. Henry ,A.Power, in this city.-r-Mrs. E. F. Burnett and daughters, Misses Edna and Frances Burnett, are in Lebanon, where theyare guests for the-Thanksgiving holidays of relatives.William Rowland, of Covington,is spending the Thanksgiving holidays in this city as a guest of hisparents. Mr. and Mrs. G. E. Rowland, of Vine street.Mrs. Sarah E. Ferguson andMrs. John A. Bower have returnedto their homes in tjiis city, after avisit to the former's daughter, Mrs.J. J. Ecton, in Winchester.Mrs. Robert M. Hopkins andson, Robert M. Hopkins, Jr., of Covington, are guests at the home ofher parents, Mr. and Mrs. ThomasHelm Clay, on Eighth street.Misses Thelma and DorcasWilliams entertained Wednesdaywith a dinner party at their homenear Paris, in honor of a number ofyoung friends from Paris and vicinity. Mrs. William Wornall has returned from St. Joseph's Hospital,in Louisville, where she had been apatient for some time. Mrs. Wornall returns greatly improved inhealth.Mr. Berry SeSCh and family, ofNashville. Tenn., are spending theThanksgiving holidays in this cityas guest of the former's sister, Mrs.G. E. Rowland, and Mr. Rowland,on Vine street.Mr. and Mrs. Robert L. Frank,Mr. and Mrs. Julian Frank and Mr.and Mrs. Milton C. Browning arespending the Thanksgiving holidaysin Louisville as guests of Dr. andMrs. Louis Frank.Dr. Marmaduke Brown, accompanied by his friend, Dr. Albrecht.both internes on the stait at tneCincinnati General Hospital, spentThanksgiving in this city as guestsof Dr. and Mrs. J. T. Brown, onCypress street.A turkey dinner, attended by alarge number ot relatives auufriends, featured the celebration of-r. ;-Vi-.t-oio-Ti1t hirthrlnv" antliver-LHV; Cl&XifcJ -VtS--" "- - J y,wrv nf Mr. A. J. Skillman. at tnehome of his son, Frank Skillman,on Second street. Mr. Skillman received many congratulations anagood wishes for a return of thehappy occasion. The relatives present were Mr. and Mrs. Best Skillman and daughter, Miss Julia AllenSkillman, Mr. and Mrs. Roy Skill-man ana son, Jttaymunu ojuuumu,Mrs. John Skillman, Mr. and Mrs.Charles Skillman, Mr. and Mrs.Frank Skillman.. Mr. and Mrs. George Keller celebrated the tenth anniversary oftheir marriage, by "giving a dinnerat tTieir home on the Bethlehem'pike, near Paris, to a number offriends. The home was beautifullydecorated for the occasion, and anelaborate dinner was served. Theguests were Mr. and Mrs. CharlesSchumaker, of Flemingsburg; Mr.and Mrs. Peter Breiner, of Cynthiana; Mr. and. Mrs. C. L.. McKennaand daughters. Misses Anna andRose McKenna, Miss Rosa Keller,,Mr. and Mrs. Louis Buck, all ofLexington, Mr. and Mrs. Fred Fis-.ter, of Paris.Miss Mary Caulfield, of Stevenson, Alabama, is a guest of MissMary McWilliams, on Higgins avenue. The football games at Lexington and Georgetown yesterday werewell attended from Paris and Bourbon county.Mr. ancTMrs. Russell Claytonhave returned from their bridal tripand are "at home" to their friendson Cypress street.Miss Lola Chamberlain has returned to her home in Maysville, after a visit to Mr. and Mrs. H. C.Goodman, in this city.Mr. and Mrs. G. C. Thompson,Jr., who have been guests of relatives in this city .for several davs.will return to-day to their home inAllensville, Alabama:Mrs. R. S. Starks, of Midway, isa guest of her sister, Mrs. EmilyParker, and Mr. Harvey Hibler, atThirteenth and Main streets, for theThanksgiving holidays.James Jerry Wilson, of Cincinnati, is spending the Thanksgivingholidays in this city with his father, Mr. J. A. Wilson, and otherrelatives.Lauthman Woods, who is attending St. Marys College, St. Marys,Ky., came in yesterday to spend theholidays with his mother, Mrs. JackWoods, and family, on Eighthstreet.Mrs. Isaac C. Haley entertainedat her home in this city Wednesday IctLtcinvjuii, wiui lunuiieon-Driage, incompliment to her sister-in-law,Mrs. G. C. Thompson, Jr., of Allensville, Alabama.Mr. and Mrs. Stanhope Wiedemann and children are spending theThanksgiving holidays in Lexington, as guest of Mrs. Wiedemann'sparents, Mr. and Mrs. J. D. Purcell,in Fayette Park.Mrs. Mary Boston, Misses AlfaBall, Ruth McClintock and BessiePurnell were members of a theatreparty entertained by Miss DorothyPeed at the Lexington Opyera Houseyesterday afternoon. -Major and Mrs. Clinton Harbison, of Lexington, were guests ofhonor at a dinner party given Monday evening by Miss Mary FithianHutchcraft, at her home on Secondstreet, in this city.Mr. and Mrs. Geo. C. Thompson, Jr., of Allensville, Alabama,who " are visiting relatives andfriends in this section, were recentguests of Mr. and Mrs. Harry B.Hanger, Jr.,' in Richmond.The Thanksgiving dance atLexington, last night, promoted byWm. P. Walton, Jr., was largely attended from this section. Mr. andMrs. Charles A. Webber, of Paris,were on the list of chaperones.Mr. and Mrs. William Shirewill move soon from the residencethey aj? now occupying at the corner of Main and Twelfth vstreet, tothe bungalow on Thirteenth street,recently vacated by Mr. and Mrs.Hiram Roseberry.The following pupils of Mrs.Fanniebelle Sutherland's schoolhave organized a Junior Red CrossCircle, Matilda Ferguson, chairman;Billie Kenney, vice-chairman; Myrtle Bates, secretary; Rachel McClintock, treasurer.Wallace Kiser, who recentlyreturned from a summer's stay onthe wheat ranche of E. F. Spears &Son, in Saskatchewan, Canada, hasresumed his former position asassistant ticket agent at the Tenthstreet passenger station of the Louisville & Nashville, in this city.The Bourbon Cotillion Club willentertain with a german at the Masonic Temple, in this city, nextWednesday evening, December 3.The hours will be from 8:30 to 2:30.A large attendance from surrounding towns is looked for. Mr. andMrs. James W. Thompson will leadthe grand march.Mrs. TMabel Robertson continues critically ill at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city. Mrs.Julia JJouston, who has been a patient at the institution for sometime, is improving, and will soon beable to return to her home neariParis. Other "shut-ins" at theHospital are doing well.In pursuance of their annualcustom of giving a banquet onThanksgiving Eve, the Delta Deltafraternity of Transylvania Collegeentertained at the Phoenix Hotel, inLexington, Wednesday evening inhonor of Founders' Day. Amongthose- in attendance were Mrs. Wm.Ardery and Miss Elizabeth Roff, ofParis.Mrs. Wm. O Hinton, of Paris,was one of the speakers at an allday -meeting held in Mt. Sterling,Tuesday, by the W. M. U. of theBaptist church. The church ismaking arrangements to give $100each month, an aggregate of $6,000,for, the next five years, to the Baptist Campaign Fund, and for otherchurch purposes.HEAVY EAINS CAUSE A NEAR-FLOOD.Heavy rains falling in this section on Tuesday and Wednesdaycaused the streams of the county tobecome greatly swollen, and considerable damage was done. In manylocalities bordering the creeksfencing and other material wasswept away. The waters approached very nearly the big stage of afew weeks ago. The cold spell ofyesterday prevented a repetition ofthe "big water" and the floods receded rapidly until yesterday afternoon they were at a normal stageagain.Large SizeTube Cake Pans10 centsSpecial TomorrowThe FairWonderfulSample Coats and SuitsBy taking quick advantage of an unusual buying opportunity we have been able to secure a wonderful collectionof Sample Coats and Suits, which we are offering to ourpatrons at the closest possible prices. We invite yourinspection, feeling sure you will be delighted with, thesemodels.Elegant materials made up in the latest fashions somefur trimmed, others plain tailored all beautifully lined.Silvertone, Peach Bloom, Velour, Tinseltone, Cameleon.$National Blouse WeekNovember 1 0-1 5IWhatever you may choose from this complete and lovelycollection of blouses you may feel assured it is quite correctin style and color.The Blouse and Overblouse are equally favored and youwill find charming" models in Georgette, Silk and Crepe de' Chine; high or roucidSee224 W. Main St.Lexington, Ky.rCl' VHAMrs. riomelover:THE J.EITHERPHONE 36 -Motor Hearseor50 to$200necks.Our WindowsRRY SIMONk up your Home vSraml VWuftjuWy before you 5$fVgive W oarv.We WeeVB l5Whether you are going to give a' party orfix up your home for your family and friends.New things are a delight to every woman,particularly new rugs and furniture. This is notsurprising because awoman lives in her home, andwants to be PROUD of it.Fit out your home wi'th our high quality stylenew furniture and rugs. They last a long time.Our PRICES are always LOW for the HIGHQUALITY we sell.,T. HINTON CO.X,PARIS, KENTUCKYMotor Invalid CoachSale.svt&Main StreetParis, Ky.fVi -J(kunotV.t :.12K!".-xSIXTH AND MAINUndertakingi rJV.ttiniRtthi(EUmim'!'li:ijtsifttilP)Ii'1IIMw-lt:." :AV,"','I m i i "w m mm hihii iTOTE BOTOBOlf HEWS. PAMS, gEMTBCTEYFIRDAT, NOVEMBER 28, lSlfMfiKJgHOW MRS. BOYDAVOIDED ANOPERATIONCanton, Ohio. "I suffered from afatn&le trouble which caused me muchsutienng, ana twodoctors decidedthat I would haveto go through anoperation before Lcould get well.' ' My mother, whohad been helped byLydi&E. PinkhanraVegetable Compound, advised meto try it before submitting to an operation. It relieved mefrom my troublesti I can do my house work without anydifficulty. I advise any woman who isafflicted with female troubles to giveLydia E. Pinkham's -Vegetable Compound a trial and it will do as much forthem." Mrs. Marie Boyd, 1421 5thSt, N. K, Canton, Ohio.Sometimes there are serious conditions where a hospital operation is theonly alternative, but on the other-handso many women have been cured by thisfamous root and herb remedy, Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, afterdoctors have said that an operation wasnecessary every woman who wantsto avoid an operation should give it afair trial before submitting to such atrying ordeal.If complications exist, write to LydiaE. Pinkham Medicine Co., Lynn, Haas.,for advice. The result of many yearsexperience is at your service.OFFICIAL COUUT GIVES MO&R0W40,176 MAJORITYEdwin P. Morrow's plurality' overGov. James D. Black for Governor ofKentucky is 40,176, according tothe official count which was completed at Frankfort, recently. Thisis the largest plurality ever recorded by any Republican candidate forany office in the State, and the largest plurality any candidate in eitherparty has received in recent years.The official totals in the Governor'srace follows: Morrow, 254,290;Black, 214,114.oitpttttiti " "i m tinTORPEDOED!Don't blast your Liver andBowels, but taker .VilSCill cu.Sometimes, after a man has beenmarried at a church, it is almost impossible to get him back there.You men and women who can'tget feling right who have headache, coated tongue, bad taste andfoul breath, dizziness, can't sleep,are bilious, nervous and upset, bothered with a sick, gassy, disorderedstomach and colds.Are you keeping your liver andbowels clean with Cascarets, orshocking your insides every few dayswith Calomel, Salts, Oil and violentpills?Cascarets work while you sleep;they cleanse the stomach; removethe sour, undigested, fermentingfood and foul gases; take the excessbile from the liver and carry out ofthe system all the constipated wastematter and poison in the bowels.Cascarets never gripe, sicken orcause inconvenience and Cascaretscost so little, too. (adv)XIXIXIXIXIXIXIXIX1m1Bourbon Laundry IDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4IHralWest Fifh StreetXSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improve-ments in laundry appliances Iand expert helpers we are jprepared to do work infe-rior to none, and solicit xyour patronage. - IXIj The Bourbon Laundry jg Paris, Kentucky j555a packagebefore the warc a packageduring the warc a paefcagsiiTHE FLSO DOES THE PRICE!M'iw 'vPA Kentucky Woman'sExperiencePaducah, Ky:: "It is a pleasure to meto recommend a medicine that has done meso much good as Dr.Pierce's FavoritePrescription haawhen I have takenit aa a tonic duringexpectancy. I havebeen eucfe an enthusiast over 'Favorite Prescription'and the benefit Ihave received fromit that I have notv v2Tasrs.r32!3E11; VO Ulf 11ICUUBbut to my ownrinncrhtara as welland I have never known of a case where ithas failed in giving the results desired.MRS. CORA SMALLMAN, 908 N. 8th St.A Nervous WreckLouisville, Ky.: "I was certainly amiserable wreck before I took Dr. Pierce'smedicines. I was nervous, my back achedall the time and I had intense pains. WhenI refused to submit to an operation mydoctor told me about Dr. Pierce's FavoritePrescription and Lotion Tablets and althoI had very little faith in any medicine andthought I was going to die, I got thesemedicines at the drug store. My recoverywas so rapid and complete that it surprisedthe doctor; even he thought it would be juBttemporary relief, but I am thankful to saythat it is apparently a permanent cure. Ihave had two children since, both of them'Favorite Prescription' babies, for I took41ns splendid tonic all the while. My healthwas fine and I had practically no suffering.I cannot praise these remedies too highly.I only hope my statement will be the meansof many other women being restorecV to perfect health by using r. Pierce's FavoritePrescription and his 'Lotion Tablets'."MRS. NETTIE BURNS, 268 N. CampbellSt. - 'f'." "' jrr7Women who are worn out, who are nervous or dizzy at times, should take thatreliable, temperance, herbal tonic, Dr.Pierce's Favorite Prtscription, in liquid, orin tablets. Send 1st. Pierce's Invalids'Hotel, Buffalo, N. Y., 10c. for trial paofcaf fcAMERICAN CREATIONS TO SETFASHION MARK,Style will be the predominating.factor for spring of next year in the"woman's dress industry, and with abright outlook for big business,dress manufacturers throughout theUnited States are now at work onplans for the new season, whichpromises to surpass those of previousyears from a standpoint of expansion. An announcement to this effectwas made in New York by the Asso-fciated Dress Industries of America,'the national chamber of commerceof the dress industry, through itsexecutive director, David M. Mosesshon, who points out that designersof women's dresses both here andabroad have originated creationsfor the American woman whichpromises to have a most appealingeffect, and stimulate business to thesatisfaction of all interests in thegarment trade.Mr. Mosessohn declares that themodes which will be introduced atPalm Beach and other Southern resorts will represent the last word inAmerican creative ability, so iar aswoman's apparel is concerned, andembody the most luxurious fabricsthat American mills have ever before produced.MEaBAYERINSASPIRINISSafe, Proper Directions in Each"Baver" PackageThe "Bayer Cross" placed" ontablets means you are getting true"Bayer Tablets of Aspirin" provedsafe by millions of people the genuine Aspirin prescribed by physicians for over eighteen years.In every handy "Bayer" packageare proper directions for Colds,Headache, Toothache, Earache, Neuralgia, Rheumatism, Lumbago, Sciatica, Neuritis and for Pain generally. Tin boxes of 12 tablets, cost onlya few cents. Druggists also selllarger "Bayer" packages. Aspirinis the trade mark of Bayer Manufacture of Monoaceticacidester of Salicylicacid. (adv)Personal prejudice often preventsindividual progress. Forming beforehand an unfriendly opinion ofanother is an unwise, unfair andnarrow procedure.oNature and human nature, goldmining and good men are muchalike. The deeper you dig intotheir veins, the more values you aresure to find. 'A RAT THAT DIDN'T SMELL AFTER BEING DEAD FOR3 MONTHS."I swear it was dead at least 3months," said James' Sykes, butcher,Westfield, N. J. "We saw that ratevery day. Put a cake of RATSNAP behind a barrel. Monthslater my wife asked me about therat. Remembered the barrel, looked behind it. There was the ratdead; not the slightest odor." Threesizes, 25c, 50c, $1.00. Sold andguaranteed by The Farmers SupplyCo., Paris, Ky.(adv-nov), o7cl0(afc&(3CINCINNATI'S CKEATEST STORE; FOUNDED 117 7.McCall PatternsStore Hours: 8:30 to 5:45Columbia Grafanolas&ft&5fcgXrHThis Is Cincinnati'sDOMINATING StoreFOR over forty-two years this store has stood for EVERYTHING that contributes "to the best interest of thepublic. We number our regular customers from wideareas in FOUR STATES customers who never come toCincinnati without visiting Mabley's.We enjoy this reputation because for years wehave catered particularly to the out-of-town trade.-This Is a Store for ALL the FamilyEvery member of the family can be COMPLETELY outfitted here and to the best advantage.We specialize on STYLE in everything to wear and. we also specialize on quality and prices.f y r1 Come to Cincinnati - and to Mabley and Carew'sThe store is convenient to all railway and interurban stations ; to all theatres, and is in the heart ofthe shopping district.We offer the use of our rest rooms our free' checking facilities our information desk our restaur-, ant andTHE FINEST STOCK OF WEARING APPAR-j EL FOR MEN, WOMEN AND CHILDRENTHAT IT IS POSSIBLE TO ASSEMBLE.9weMabley d (aiewCINCINNATI'S GREATEST STORE. FOUNDED, 1877.(aBUSY TIMES AHEAD EOE THEFARMERS.These are busy days for the farmers. After the rainy weather of thepast three weeks farmers had begun to get behind with their work.Farmers in town yesterday reportmuch corn as being- husked, and agreat deal of tobacco stripped.The freezing weather of the pastfew days has been of decided benefit to the tobacco, and while some ofthe weed did not cure up as well asit should have done, the greater portion of it did. There is a scarcityof labor in the county, but thefarmers are making every effort toget their tobacco stripped and readyfor the opening of the market inthis city early in December. Fromall indications tobacco will bringgood prices this year.CONSTIPATION.Most laxatives and cathartics afford only temporary relief andsliould be used only for that purpose.When you want permanent relieftake Chamberlain's Tablets and becareful to observe the directionswith each package. These tabletsnot only move the bowels ,but improve the appetite and strengthenthe digestion., (adv-nov)Some pfeople tell everythingknow and a lot they don't.they1920jjfodelsDR. WM. R. FRANKLINVarden's Drug Store.JOAN WHITE k CO.UMIMVILLC(KY.Libera! ' sortitwntMi full value paidf runeNow in stock andready to demonstrate. New shipment just arrived.Better , get yoursquick.Lot of first-classsecond hand carsfor sale at bargainsif moved at once.We need room fornew cars.Make Date forwDemonstrationC. S. BALL GARAGECor. Fourth and Pleasant Stc.runoHMnmIGMtUM" ship in the Red' Cross. . , ,3(nov4-13w)v rXy.P7VeljAVTgpAY, NOVEMBER 28, liltrTBX B0U1B0H HEWS.1BASIS; TXXTUCKY9iNwASTOLEN RADIUM BURNS M'HIMWSEVERELYy4S-w- ., - - . . ,BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBW.BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBWbHbbbbbbbbbWBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBbTbb bEbbbbbbbH -bbbbIbbbbbt m fc wAbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbmBj B' BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBMffkm5fcrfiu'i Jtoimofte"Let's take it easy for a while"Ctes. FieWN A CIGARETTE that invites you to enjoy-fV a smoke as you never have beforethat's Chesterfield.Not merely fine tobaccos, mind you,though we use the finest of Turkish andDomestic leaf, but an exclusive blendingmethod that brings out hidden flavors- -flavorsthat others have failed to find.That's why Chesterfields are different.x That's why they satisfy. And this methodis a closely guarded secretl That's whynone but Chesterfields can satisfy.And Chesterfields reach you in prime shapefor smoking always because every separatepackage is wrapped in moisture-proof glasaine paper. x(AUXAVMC0Officials of the University of Pennsylvania Hospital are seeking thethief who stole a tiny tube containing $6,000 worth of radiu,m. Deepbuns, which developed a few daysafter exposure to radium rays, willmore than sufficiently punish theculprit, in any case.The tube is one of six owned bythe hospital. Four of them are insured. The tube which was lostwas not insured.Captain Raymond Adams, crippled by an accident while in trainmg camp, found the missing tubesin a pathway on the hospitalgrounds and returned it after carrying it for a few minutes in a vestpocket.He is suffering from painful irritation of the deep tissues of hisbody as a result.The tube disappeared after it hadbeen used in treating a cancer patient. In the search, for it, severalpatients were examined with an Xray, as -the tube is small enough tobe swallowed, and the hospital wassearched by means of an electroscope, a delicate instrument containing gold leaf which shrivels inthe presence of radium.oA GOOD COUGH MEDICINE FORCHILDREN.Mrs. J. W. Phillips, Redon, Ga.,phoned to J. M. Floyd, the merchantthere, for a bottle of Chamberlain'sCough Remedy and said she hadbought a bottle of it at his store recently and that it was doing herchildren so much good that shewanted to keep up the treatment.You will find nothing better forcoughs and colds in children or foryourself. It keeps the cough loose,expectoration easy and soon, freesthe system from the cold.oThe most interesting look on ahuman face is what I am inclined tocall "a serene smile." The serenesmile shines on the human face likethe silver moon on the deep smoothlake.oTHIS MEANS YOU.nesseriieM,and the blend fefrmir20 for 20 cents cdv be copied SSjjHrWhen you get up with a bad tastein your mouth, a dull, tired feeling,no relish for food and are constipated, you may know that you need adose of Chamberlain's Tablets. Theynot only cause an agreeable movement of the bowels, but cleanse andinvigorate the stomach and improvethe digestion.(adv-nov)MARGOLEN S60 TIMES OVER THE TOPHere is the record made in October by a War Savings Society inFort Smith, Arkansas, that issimply indicative of the interesttaken in the campaign of Thrift inaugurated by the United StatesTreasury Department.This society is compobed of sixteen persons connected with theJohn SchapD & Son's Drug Company. The total pledges were $22,but the sales for October, according to a report made by ExecutiveSecretary Eberts shows that thesales totaled $1,302, or nearly sixtytimes the amount of the pledges.(PRESIDENT THINKS HIGHLY OFSECRETARY GLASSSecretary Glass left it to the President whether he should accept theVirginia Senatorship or lemain atthe head of the treasury, who said:"Of course you must accept the newappointment," adding that his fineability was needed in the Senate inadvancing the interests of the nation and the administration. Hisletter closed with this high praise:"No President has had a more loyal,a more devoted or a more lesourceful friend than you have been tome. Your work as Chairman of theBanking and Currency Commissionof the House of Representatives inconnection with the establishmentof the Federal reserve act, and yourstout support of the Administrationat every turn while a member of theHouse, caused us to rely upon you inevery emergency."Special To-day10-pound bucketLard$3.00Fresh Reelfoot Lake FishBaltimore OystersASSERTSHUSBANDMATERNITY CORSETSFitted by Our Graduate Corsetieresgive a trim, stylish figure tfithout the slightest endangerment to the well being either of the mother or child.Wear these corsets. Enjoy health, comfort and a goodappearance during maternity.These and each of the many other types and styles ofParisian corsets are perfectly fitted by experts. Yourfigure is studied and the corset is adapted to your needsso as to correct faults and develop your best linas.Mail Orders receive H P"5"1?1 attention If it is not convenient for you to visit our store tfnte telling usof your needs. Send for our Free Style Folder.'Parisian Corset Storecorner RACE and OPERA PLACE aNONmnNATURE GIVES THE FORM, PARISIAN THE FIGUREiLiiMLiiiinimiiniiiii.iiiiiiiiMiiiuiiiiimiiiMiiiiMiimmiiiuuautKaIS AMAZED AT HERPRESENTMflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketLADIES'Suits, CoatsMrs. Louminhauser Craves Food AsNever Before, Since TJsinsTrutonaJ UWJUINiJJtJUitU, JV1., INOV. 6 1."My -husband says hes afraid I'lleat him out of house and home,since taking Trutona," Mrs. LucyLouminhauser, 109 West Mainstreet, said recently."I had the 'flu' last October andsince then I have been in a generally rundown condition," she continued. "It seemed that a cronic coldhad settled m my side, and at timesI ached all ovei 'I didn't sleep welland felt so badly in the morningsthat I could hardly drag myself outof bed. I never cared for anythingto eat and had become so weak Icoudn't raise my aim above myhead."It's hard to believe, but one bottle of Trutona has actually straightened me up. The terrible pains inmy body have disappeared now andmy nerves are perfectly steady. Ican extend my arms full length andmy hands will remain as steady as achild's. This is remarkable, too, forI couldn't drink my coffee withoutspilling it, before I began usingTrutona. I eat as I never ate be-fore and' am gaining my strengthlapidly. I'm truly graieiui ior merelief Trutona gave me."Trutona, the perfect tonic, is nowbeing introduced and explained inPari at the Drug Store of G. S. Var-den & Son.-(adv)One Solid WeekBargainsin All DepartmentsTWIN BROS.Department Store7th and Main Paris, KyeIf you want to make goodhealth a habit and coffeeinterferes, try a change toPOSTUMthe wholesome table-drinkwith a rich coffee-like flavor.You'll find Postum satisfieswithout any penalty.Boil for fifteen minutes afterboiling begins.Delicious. Refreshing.' Economical.Two sizes, usually sold at 15c and 25cMade byPostum Cereal CompanyBattle Creek, MichiganTHE UNIVERSAL CARThe Ford Coupe with an electric self-startingand lighting system 13 one of the most popularmembers of the Ford Family. It is a permanently enclosed car, with sliding plate glasswindows an open car with plenty of shade.Then in inclement weather, enclosed and cozy,dust-proof and rain-proof. Just the car fortraveling salesmen, physicians, architects, contractors, builders, and a regular family car fortwo. Demountable rims with 3-inch tires allaround. To women it brings the convenienceand comforts of the electric with the durabilityand economv of the Ford car. Early orders willavoid long delays in delivery.Ruggles Motor Company kBank Row, Paris, Ky. 'A,t,vr.rV-bAfer7fLZZZ..T ry.. ,-?jlumummimmClover Hay!COLLIER BROS.Have just unloaded a nice carload of clover hay; also anothercarload of nice white corn. Don't forget they have bothNEW AND OLD CORNOffice Opposite Paris Tobacco Cumberland Phone 997Warehouse Home Phone 257WttiWi!i!aitgag m .B-agS-tS;"gEoTw DAVIS TPUNERAL DIRECTOR IMotor Equipment $ :BOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299 fCorner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky tXiHXI::TAXI - CABSERVICESave Time and McmeiBy Using aHome TelephonevfAUTO LIVERY CO.E. McCracktn, Prop.Redmon Motor Car Company, Night Call 760Residence rate ranging from 1.35 to, 73.00' per month for Bourbon County"service.IPlape your order now and avoid theLfall rush on installs. x -v ,Paris Home Telephone TelecjrahCompany' (Incorporated). J. J. Veatcli, Distnct Hana?; " Wt H, Cwiati, 102NT81mtmwititIImh.j.1ri9.H51Is5'Mtt'Ai.-FJMKGHTTHE BOTOBON-lfEWS. ..PABIS. KESTVCttFIRDAY, .NOVEMBER .28, 1919Z.I' v ""m -.MATRIMONIAL.County Clerk Pearce Patonissued a marriage license from hisoffice Wednesday to Herod Roark,37, and Miss Mildred Johnson, 30,3oth? of Fayette countyLAN GFELS HUTSONAlexander Hutson, 21, farmer,and Miss Katherine Lansfels, 19,Jboth of near Shawhan, secured marriage license Tuesday afternoon in"this city. They were married Wednesday morning- in the Church of theiAnnunciation, in this city. They willreside on. the groom's farm, nearShawhan.TURNER LUNSFORDThe marriage of Miss Mary, "Turner, of this city, to Mr. WalterXiunsford, of Dayton, Ohio, tookplace in this city recently at the' home of the officiating minister,Hev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of .theChristian church. The bride is theonly daughter of Mr. and Mrs. G.M. Turner. The groom is the onlyson of Mr. J. M. Lunsford. of Stanford. He is connected with the National Cash Register Co., at Dayton,. "where he will reside with his bridein the future.MILLERSBURG' . ALVJEY MITCHELLThe wedding of Mr. Robert"Mitchell, of Paris, and Miss OrmaBlanford Alvey, of Louisville, wassolemnized Wednesday morning at-nine o'clock, in the St. James Catholic Church, in that city. After a"bridal trip to New Orleans, Mr.and Mrs, Mitchell will return toParis, and be "at home" to their-friends on Winchester street, afterDecember 1.The groom is a son of Mr. andMrs. Harry Mitchell, of this city,and holds a position as assistantchief clerk in the office of Roadmaster J. C. Nickerson, of the Louisville & Nashville, at this point. Thebride is a daughter of Edward Alvey,the well-known Louisville turfman.Among those attending the wedding-were Miss Nellie Mitchell, and Mr.William Mitchell, of this city, sister and brother of the groom.RELIGIOUS.The campaign for the $75,000,000 Baptist fund will be inaugurated locally at the- Paris Baptistchurch next Sunday. Services willbe held in the church all day, beginning with a sunrise prayer meeting. The pastor, Rev. Arthur Fox,will deliver a special sermon at themorning service. Lunch will bserved at noon. An afternoon andevening service will also be held.Every member of the church is expected to come prepared to pledge"the amount he or she will be willingto contribute.oBIRTHS.Near this city, to the wife of"Harvey Rose, Jr., a son.In this city, to the wife ofGrover Baldwin, formerly MissGladvs Talbott. a son, their fourthchild, one daughter and three sons.A SpecialPurchaseMen's SuitsandOvercoatsEnables us to offer the season's latest styles in extragood values$25, $27.50, $30Worth much more. Seethem while our stock iscomplete. .Twin Bros,Men's StoreL. WOLLSTEIN, Proprietor619 Main StreetDr. W. G. Dailey was in Cincinnati, Monday, and returned in ahandsome new car.Mr. J. W. Boulden, of Maysville, arrived Tuesday as the guestof his niece, Mrs. A. S. Best.Rev. J. D. Redd and family, ofHarrodsburg, were guests of friendshere Tuesday and Wednesday.Mrs. Robert Bissett and littleson have returned to their home atMaysville, after a week's visit torelatives here.Mr. W. D. Mclntyre left Monday for Anderson, Ga., for a twoweeks' visit. Mrs. Mclntyre has"been visiting relatives there for several weeks, and will return withhim.The heavy rains on Tuesdaybrought Hinkston out of its banksagain, and "Wednesday traffic wascut off on the Maysville pike southof town. However, the water sufficiently receded to resume trafficThursday morning. Many of thehomes along1 the creek were endangered, but no serious damage wasdone.The store of Mrs. J. H. Howard, in Judyville, was entered byburglars Monday night, and quite anumber of shoes, sweaters, tobaccoand other articles were stolen. Oneof the front windows was takenout, and set against the fence on theopposite side of the pike. Thus farthere is no clue. Mr. Howard's losswill amount to several hundred dollars. The protracted meeting, whichhas been in progress at the Christian church, for the past two weeks,will probably close to-night. It hasbeen a good meeting and enjoyed byall who attend. Elder Crouch is aforcible and logical speaker, is wellinformed on Biblical subjects, andhas a ready flow of language at hiscommand. There were several additions to the church.The banks, postoffice and mostof the business houses were closedThanksgiving day, as were theschools. The Thanksgiving serviceswere conducted at Christian church.The sermon was preached by Rev.W. P. Crouch, pastor of the CarlisleChristian church, who is conducting a protracted meeting here atthis time. The sermon was good,full of patriotism and in keepingwith the occasion. A good musicalprogram was also rendered.The Means-Anderson Company,of the Redpath Lyceum Bureau,opened a Lyceum course here at theM. C. Auditorium, Tuesday at 8:15p. m. The course heing under theauspices of the four churches.Notwithstanding the inclementweather a large and appreciative audience was in attendance! The company -was good, the reader and impersonator is well up in her work,as is also the violinist and vocalist.Each was the recipient of numerousencores, and the company was liberal in its response. The audiencewould have been much larger had itnot been for the weather. Thechurches have already realizedabout $300, although they have notyet enough to cover the. expenses ofthe course. However, this will bedone. -The next number-will be Friday evening, Dec. 5. See next issuefor further exulanation.FOR SALEHeating and CookingStovesJsed, but in good condition,At AboutHalf PriceThe Busy Bee CashStnriv. ', -'''Wh -tr- V-usnaioiHELEN STANLEY IN CONCERTAT LEXINGTON OPERA HOUSEHardly has an operatic star oflong experience in a wide range oftwenty-three first roles in leadingopera companies in this country andabroad deliberately put aside forthe time an operatic position of unequivocal success for the sole purpose of developing exclusively theintellectual side of art, as did MadamHelen Stanley, who will come tothe Lexington Opera House for thesecond concert of the Artist Concert Series, December 3.Madam Stanley has demonstratedamazing versatility and has quicklyachieved a position second to none inthis higher form of vocal art. TheChicago Herald said of MadamStanley: "Her yoice is of shimmering gold, yet as smooth as velvet,and in her interpretation she discloses Hiat she is Teaching greaterheights than ever before."It is said that not since the timeof Madam Nordica's greatest triumphs has a New York audience revealed such intense love for anAmerican singer, -as was the caseat the two recent recitals of MadamStanley, given at the Hippodrome,and ten days later at Carnegie Hall,both to -capacity houses. The cloakof that great queen of song fits wellon the shoulders of this distinguished artist.Madam Stanley will appear on theprogram jointly with Ellam Zoller.one of the leading soloists and accompanists on the concert stage.Seats for the Stanley-Zoller concert will go on sale at the Ben-AliTheatre, November 28. (adv), oAGRICULTURAL SOCIETY TOHQLD LIVESTOCK SHOWShow stock of the ExperimentStation, of Kentucky University,which is tobe taken to Chicago forthe International Live Stock Exposition, November 29 to December 6,will be the feature of the live stockshow held Monday night at 7:30O'clock in the stock judging pavilion at the Exposition Station farm.The show is being given underthe auspices of the Agricultural Society, and, while intended primarily for the students of the Collegeof Agriculture, the general publicis invited to attend.In addition to stock a number ofexhibits of farm products will beshown.The program will be marked by anumber of stock judging contests inwhich only students of the University will be allowed to enter.THE ALAMO, AFTERNOON AND EVENINOTODAY, FRIDAYAlbert Ray and Elinor FairIN"THE LOST PRINCESS"The story of an heiress to a throne whowas lost in the kingdom of love.Anne Luther and Chas. Hutchisonin "THE GREAT GAMBLE"and Mutt and Jeff Comedy"The Cave Mian's Bride"VTomorrow, SaturdayTom MooreIN"LORD AND LADY ALGY"A drama of racing and society that willrank with the greatest photoplays thatyou have ever seen.also"JAMES J. CORBETTin "The Midnight Man"ADMISSION Adults 18c plus 2c war tax, 20c; Children 9c plus lc war tax, 10cALAMOAfternoonandGRANDNightMonday, December 1stNorma TalmadgeIN"THE ISLE OF CONQUEST"AlsoBILL PARSONS COMEDY"HONEYMOONING"and Burton Holme Travtl Picture.ADMISSION ',Adults 31c plus 4c war tax 35cChildren and Gallery22c plus ,3c war tax 25cGRAND PERA HOUSEWednesday and ThursdayTwice Daily,Matihee 2:30, Evening at 8:00Dec. 3 and 4George Loane Tucker's ProductionmmmFrom the Play George NT. Cohan. Based on the story by Frank L. Plckard.The whole life, illumined! The flesh, the blood, the soul of living menand women sinning, struggling, loving,- The reek of the underworld, the lure of the sea, the breath of the fieldsin summer. Fused, with a thousand smiles and tears, into a great dramaticentertainment that will live forever in your heart. Come!ADMISSION Adults 45c plus 5c war tax, 50c. Children and Gallery, 22c plus3c war tax, 25c.fAM. THIS WEEK ?AT THE GRANDThe ShannonStock CompanyWith Concert Bandand OrchestraaTonight, FridayCommon Clay"Played for one solid year in NewYork.Saturday MatineeThe Prodigal DaughterMatinee prices 25 and 50 centsincluding war tax.- Saturday NightThe Millionairess Sonand the Shop GirljjYou can't tell. A weak intellectwon't always prevent a man fromboing headstrong. yS '- -SMITH'S aUICK ACTION. .Farmington, Mo., the countyseat of St. Francois county, jumpedinto the spot light of the ThriftCampaign inaugurated by theTreasury Department of the UnitedStates one day last week, whenpostmaster Smith sent in a certifiedcheck for $2,500 worth of TreasurySavings Certificates.The week before State Directorof the Sales Organization of Missouri Dempsey, directed Field Worlrer P. W. Buehler to visit 'Farmington. Buehler called on PostmasterSmith, and the postmaster immediately got busy. He sold the Certificates to Arleigh G. H. Dale, Carrieand Charles C. Hupj, all of DoeRun, a few miles south of Farmington. fPostmaster Smith's letter was aslaconic as the communication sentby Commodore Perry on a momentous occasion. Smith said: "Yourrepresentative was in my office today jand punched me up aVlittle.Herewithlhe- results " rr-IDEALWINTER FOOTWEAR!Smart new style boots of surpassing quality, priced atless than wholesale cost of present market values. Thepeople now more than ever before appreciate the fact thatthis store offers them the best shoe values in the city.This Week's Specialswill crowd our store with eager buyers. Prepare your shoeneeds now; your savings are big; selections complete inevery detail.This WeekWe offer a great selection ofladies' beautiful brown andblack glazed kid Lace Boots,in either English militarystyle or high Louis heel, $8.00valuesSpecial at $5-99Ladies new Fall Boots, inbrown and black kid, highand low heels, $7.00 valuesSpecial at $4,99Ladies' and Growing Girls' fc6.00 Gun Metal Lace EnglishBoots, special $3.99s nr r. ?x gfi watt-nVetBoys' and Youths' Extraordinary Shoe Values$5.00 and $5.50 grades Dressy Shoes, great forwear. Buy a pair i:;day. fecial$3.49Save Money on YourMen's ShoesExtreme values in GoodyearvVeit Sole Gun Metal Shoes,Ungiish and wide toe styles$7.00 values at $4.95Special Misses and Children's $3.50 Gun MetalBoots, all sizes8 1-2 up to 2 $2,49t8.! $1.99Misses' and Children's $5.00values in Kid and Gun Metal Lace BootsSpecial $3.49Children's $2.00 Gun -Me:ilKid and Patent Shoes, sizjs5 to 8 ;Special $1.49Rubber FootwearAt a SavingWhile They L? :Men's tan and black goodWork Shoes, double" soles,$4.00 valuesSpecial $2.99viDAN COHENWhere Utouty and Economy ReignParis' Greatest Shoe Store&:L - I tl, .- .,,, -JJ' ' ' ' ' "" TTl I. VilliA . rjSVSs$hA':''.'S