yris.1"THENEWS1 APUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.,.VOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JUNE 27, 1919BOURBONPEACE PACT TO BE SIGHED SATURDAY AFTERNOON.BERLIN", June 25. Herman Mueller, the new Foreign Minister, theTageblatt says, has declined to go toVersailles to sign the peace treaty.PARIS, June 25. Advices fromGermany to the Council of Four areto the effect that the German Government was occupied to-day in selecting new delegates for Versailles.If the heads of the Allied Powersin Paris do not hear from Weimervery soon regarding the German delegation for the signing of the treaty,an ultimatum will be sent to the German Government, according to theParis office of Reuters Limited.The ultimatum will demand theappointment of plenipotentiarieswithin a certain number of hours.The treaty of peace will be signedSaturday, it is believed. Although theday has not been fixed definitely, ithas been decided that the hour forthe ceremony will be at 2 p. m.Lack of official advices from Germany with regard to the new plenipotentiaries has caused some uneasiness to manifest itself in conferencecircles and the plans for the signingof the treaty are in a complete stateof suspenseHerr Haniel Von Haimhausen, theacting German representative at Versailles, apparently also is without information. KAISER LEARNS HIS FATE; LASTHOPE IS BANISHED.AMERONGEN, June 26. News ofGermany's decision to accept thepeace terms, including the clauseproviding for the delivery of the former German 'Emperor to the Allies,reached the castle Wednesday. Exactly how the former Emperor wasaffected by the tidings cannot be ascertained, but the attitude of members of his party gives rise to the belief that the news was a considera"ble shock.When the Associated Press correspondent talked to attendants they declared the news was already knownat the castle. They made mostscatching criticism of the GermanNational Assembly for its action.Evidently they held to the hope thatsome way would be found for theformer Emperor to return to Germany. Now, however, it apparentlyis realized that he is exiled foreverfrom his country.AUTO THIEVES BUSY.The Richmond Register has thefollowing regarding the theft of anauto in this city belonging to a Richmond man; but which has since beenrecovered:"A nervy thief stole Capt. SamP. Burnam's Buick roadster from infront of a garage at Paris, Sunday,after Capt. Burnam had placed itwith the garage for storage. Afterusing it probably as much as he desired, the thief took a little trip toWinchester and left the car there,where Capt. Burnam recovered itMonday. The roadster is paintedreen and therefore easily identified.The thief had evidently done consid-erable rough riding in the machine,for it is damaged about $200 worth,and Capt. Burnam will look to theParis garage to make it good, it isunderstood."The machine was found by Chiefof Police Link, on the Flanagan pike,about a mile from Winchester. Therear of the car had been badly damaged, evidently from a collision, andthe rear wheel was broken off. Following the clue which he had struckChief Link found a tire which hadbeen lost from the machine, nearBoonesboro. The machine had beenleft parked on Main street, nearTwelfth street, in this city.An auto bearing the license number 56,514, belonging to Mr. NewtonRankin, of Carlisle, was stolen fromnear the carnival grounds, on Winchester street, in .this city, Tuesdaynight. The machine had been drivento Paris by Mr. Grover Herrington,with a party of friends, from nearOsgood, to attend the carnival in progress here. The machine was parkedon Winchester street, near thegrounds, and when the young peoplecalled for the return trip the car wasmissing. The police were Informed,but as there was no clue as to theidentity of the thief, they have so farbeen unable to locate either the thiefor the machine.DRUG STORES TO ADOPT EARLYCLOSING RULE.During the summer and until further notice the drug stores of Pariswill close at seven o'clock each evening, with the exception of Saturday.On Sundays they will be open from11:00 a. m. to 1:00 p. m., and from7:00 to 8:00 p. m. This action wasdecided upon at a meeting of thedruggists, , held yesterday morning.The public is asked to make note ofthis action, and govern themselvesaccordingly.tINTERESTING OIL NOTESIt is reported that the BourbonOil and Development Company hascompleted No. 2 on the Comet blockNo. 28, in Estill county, which is estimated at 10 barrels.The Mutual Oil & Refining Company recently organized here, Is having a rig moved to its holdings inKnox county, where there is said tobe renewed interest in oil development. W. S. Soper, vice-president of theBourbon Oil & Development Company has left for Johnson county forthe purpose of resuming the company's operations there after an interruption of several weeks. A number of companies are actively engaged in drilling for oil and gas inJohnson county, and reports are favorable for good results.The Co-operating Land & Development Company's No. 2, on itsHierohnymous lease in Lee county,has started off pumping nicely and issaid to be a better well than No. 1,which has been doing about 20 barrels a day. On the adjoining SusieBryant lease this company's No. 1 isdown several hundred feet. The Cooperating Company is said to be negotiating for some territory in Elliott county, which is attracting considerable notice at present as a prospective oil field of importance. Thecompany is also reported as makingarrangements to take over some goodleases in the Western Kentucky field.oHAIL INSURANCE.Hail insurance on tobacco.Thomas, Woodford & Bryanjune24-tf)K. OP P. MEMORIAL SERVICEIt has been the custom -for yearsfor the Knights of Pythias to holdmemorial services for their dead andas we have just emerged from thebloodiest war in the world's historyand many of the brave Knights havegiven their lives for the great causeof freedom it is fitting that thiscustom should be continued andevery Knight should make a specialeffort to attend such services thisyear in memory of those who havemade the supreme sacrifice. Therefore Rathbone Lodge No. 12 hasplanned for services to be held inthe Paris Cemetery, Sunday afternoon, June 29, at 3:30 o'clock. Allmembers of the order are requestedto meet at the hall in the WilsonBuilding promptly at 2:30, and go ina body to the cemetery.The Hon. Aubery Barbour, PastGrand Chancellor of Newport, Ky.,has accepted an invitation to deliverthe principal address, and there willprobably be short talks by some ofthe local members and music will bearranged for.The public is extended a very cordial invitation to attend this service.Mr. Barbour is an excellent speakerand will please all who hear him.BOYS' WASH SUITS.Many attractive summer styles arejust in. Ages 3 to 8 years.J. W. DAVIS & CO.HAIL INSURANCE.Hail insurance on tobacco.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.june24-tf)o-BACK IN HARNESS.After having served his countryin the aviation branch of the servicein the navy, and received an honorable discharge from the service, withthe rank of Ensign, J. Monroe Sweeney, of Paris, has again donned theblue uniform of an umpire.Mr. Sweeney spent several weeksin this city after his discharge, as aguest of his mother, Mrs. John S.Sweeney, on Higgins avenue. Abouttwo weeks ago he accepted a positionwith a Pittsburg, Pa.,, firm, which heresigned to go on the ball field asumpire for the Franklin, Pa., baseball team. Monroe has officiated inthis capacity scores of times, and wasat one time official umpire in the oldBlue Grass League, and later on withcollege teams in the East.. oWELL-KNOWN COLORED MENCALLED BY DEATH.Three colored men, who were foryears well-known in Paris, diedwithin a few hours of each other between Tuesday night and Wednesday afternoon. Frank Jones, who foryears conducted a grocery in Claysville, died at his home after a shortillness of heart trouble. James Arnold, for many years porter at theHotel Windsor, died at. his home onHigh street, of kidney trouble, andMoses Tbwles, the third member ofthe triangle, passed away at his homein Claysville after a short illness ofa complication of diseases.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.With the handing down of ordersin a number of equity cases and theassignment of cases for trial at thenext term of the Court, in November,by Judge Stout, the June term of the.Bourbon Circuit Court, which hasbeen in session since June 16, came'to a close Wednesday afternoon. Allthe members of the petit juries weredischarged and returned to theirhomes. tAn order was issued in the $50,000 damage suit of James McClurevs. Jas. D. McClintock, assigning the'case for trial at the November term,on the third day. In the plaintiff'spetition he charged the defendantwith having written a letter to abonding company, which resulted inthe latter withdrawing its indorsetment for Mr. McClure as Cashier ofthe First National Bank in this city?and as guardian and trustee in a,number of instances. The case hasbeen tried twice before, once beforea special trial Judge, in which theplaintiff was given a verdict for damages in the sum of $10,000, whichwas later reversed by the Court ofAppeals and remanded to the lowefcourt for trial. The plaintiff nowasserts that he has in his possessionthe original letter written by MrMcClintock to the bonding company?and that this letter will be introduced as evidence in the next trial. -In the case of Alvin Hicks vs. theFrankfort & Cincinnati RailroadCompany, an order was entered disVmissing the case as settled.In court Tuesday Judge Robert IIStout overruled the mandamusbrought by the Bourbon CountyBoard of Education, asking an ordercompelling the court to levy an additional ten per cent, assessment oneach $100 worth of property forschool purposes. The Fiscal Courthad previously levied a ten per cent,assessment. Judge Stout held thajtthe Board of Education had filed itsapplication too late. jo lAT THE PARIS GRAND AND THEALAMO THEATRE. ITo-day, Friday, June 27. ElseFerguson, in "The Marriage Price;"Ruth Roland, in "The Tiger's Trail.To-morrow, Saturday, June 28.-rVPauline Frederick, in "One Week pfLife;" Fox Sunshine Comedy, "TheFatal Marriage."Monday, June 30. Mary Pickford,in "Hearts Adrift;" Paramount Arbuckle Comedy, "Fatty Arbuckle inLove."Brewers' Musical Entertainers ateach performance, in playing andsinging program.WE KNOW HOWMid-SummerSUITSReady- to-Wear !It take3 a good tailor years to master the art of making light weight skeleton lined clothing, and the SummerSuit3 that we are selling are made by expert tailors whomake a specialty of manufacturing Summer Clothing.You will find many desirable patterns and styles in ourselection.Palm BeachesMohairs andKool KlothGarments that will keep you cool and comfortable thesehot, sultry days. Let us fix you out in a summer J outfit.SUITS FROM$15 to $30Straw Hats, Light Weight Underwear, Silk ShirtsLight Weight Pongees.MITCHELL &Stetson HatsManhattan ShirtsPLANS PERFECTED POR THE IMPROVEMENT OF COUNTYROADS.At a joint meeting of members ofthe Bourbon County Fiscal Courtand a committee of thirty-threefarmers of the county, held in thecourt house, plans were perfected bywhich a twenty-cent road tax and abond issue of $500,000 will be votedupon to improve the seventy-fivemiles of inter-county roads and toimprove and repair the 225 miles ofcross roads In this county.The meeting was addressed by!Attorney John J. Williams, one behalf of the farmers, who discussedthe various features of the suggested plan. It was brought out at themeeting that the improvementswould be placed on a fifteen-yearplan, and that the cost of construction would be about $15,000 permile. A proviso was set forth by acommittee representing the farmersby which the handling of all fundsand the letting of contracts for theroad work are to be put into thehands of four commissioners to beappointed by the Fiscal Court, consisting of two Democrats and two jRepublicans.A committee was appointed todraw up a petition with which to gobefore the people and get enoughsignatures to bring the question ofa bond issue and the twenty percent, increase tax assessment beforethe voters for their decision. Thiscommittee subsequently met and reported with the requested petition,which is now being circulated amongthe voters of the county for theirsignatures. If the requisite .number of signatures to the petition areobtained the question will go to thepeople in an election to be held Inthe early fall.JUST A BOOTLEGGIN,Mack Beatty, colored, was presented in the County Court, Wednesday, on a charge of "bootlegging."Beatty made the plea to Judge Batterton that the liquor in his possession was for his personal use, butJudge Batterton, from the quantityof "evidence" presented, could notbe convinced, and gave Beatty a fineof $50 and a jail sentence of twentyfive days.oMONEY RIGHT IN YOUR HANDPOR EGGS. POULTRYAND JUNK.Highest cash price for eggs,poultry, hides and junk.MUNICH & WIDES CO.,(11-tf) Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.BLAKEMORENettleton 9hotsDr. Reed's CushionSole Shoes2IN THE SERVICE OP THEIRCOUNTRY.A message was received in thiscity Wednesday by Mrs. T. D. Berkeley, from her brother, Mr. DillonPrice, announcing his safe arrival atCharleston, South Carolina, fromFrance. Mr. Price has been in theservice overseas in the Marines. Hewill return to Paris as soon as hehas received his final dischargepapers.Mr. J. H. Burroughs, of Millersburg, received a telegram Wednesday, announcing the safe arrivalfrom overseas of his son, Mr. JesseBurroughs, who has been in the service for several months in France.Private Burroughs landed at Newport News, from where he went to anEastern demobilization camp, wherehe will receive his final dischargepapers, and be mustered out of theservice.Capt. (Dr.) J. A. Orr, of Paris,who has been attached to the Medical Corps in the overseas service forseveral months, has arrived atCharleston, S. C, on the transport,"Princess Matoika." He expects toreceive his honorable discharge fromthe service in a short time, and "willreturn to Paris. Before his induction into the service Dr. Orr was associated with Dr. Charles G. Daugherty in the practice of medicine inthis city.Mr. Wm. P. Fisher, of the FisherTransfer Co., in this city, has beenadvised by wire of the safe arrivalat Newport News of his son, Corp.Owen Fisher, who has been inFrance for over a year. Fisher enlisted at the beginning of the war,and while overseas wa3 attached tothe Thirty-third Division, which wa3in some of the hardest-fought battles of the great world war. Beforehis induction into the service Corp.Fisher was in the employ of theCumberland Telephone Co., In thiscity.Lieut Earl Curtis and Mrs. Curtisarrived In this city Wednesday fromFt. Worth, Texas, for a visit to theformer's father, Mr. Henry C. Currtis, and family. Lieut. Curtis hasbeen in the service for several years,having been stationed on the borderat the time trouble with Mexico developed. A number of other Parisboys, among them, Lawrence James,Fred Erd, Newsum Keller, were inthe service at the same place and thesame time. Lieut. Curtis has beendischarged from the service, and willremain in Kentucky for some time.He has not as yet decided as to whatbusiness he will go into.Private Henry Metzgar, of Paris,has returned to this city after anoverseas trip from France, where hehad been in the service for severalmonths with the Sixth (regulars)Division of the American Expeditionary Forces. He has been musteredout of the service and will resumehis former position here. PrivateMetzgar was in many of the big battles in the great victory offensive andcame out without even a scratch.He has had many thrilling experiences, which he has been relating ina modest way to his friends and acquaintances. Private Metzgar is aguest at the home of his father, Mr.Max Metzgar, on Parrish avenue.oInteresting letters telling of herwork, have been writfen from Trier,Germany, by Miss Eva Spencer, ofLexington, to her sister, Mrs. Wm.B. Ardery, of Paris, and her parents,Rev. and Mrs. I. J. Spencer, of Lexington. Miss Spencer went to England some moths ago as a member ofthe nursing staff connected with theBase Hospital Unit No. 91, fromChicago. She has been trensferredfrom that Unit to Hospital Unit 19,from that Unit to Hospital No. 19,and sent to Germany. She has chargeof three wards in the Hospital, andhas been highly complimented forher efficiency. Having a vacation afew days ago she paid a visit to Bin-gen-on-the-Rhine,and other placesfamed in poetry and history.Able seaman Carl. Mitchell, ofParis, who has heen in the serviceon board the U. S. S. South Carolina, returned to this city Wednesdaynight to remain. Seaman Mitchellreceived his discharge at the demobilization camp in Pitsburg, Pa., afterhis return from the last of a series ofoverseas trips on convoy duty. Whilein Pittsburg, Mitchell met W. O.Pennington, of Paris, who had justreturned on the U. S. S. "Oklahoma,"and was there awaiting his final discharge papers, so as to return toParis. Pennington told him he hadseen Ed. Fitzpatrick, another "oldtar" of the fleet, who was on the U.S. S. Mississippi, and who hoped to;be mustered out of the service verysoon. He said that Fitz, who was aformer attache of THE NEWS, hada position as first-class printer inSTATE EPWORTH LEAGUE CONFERENCE IN SESSION.The tenth annual conference of theEpworth League of the KentuckyConference, M. E. Church, South,opened its sessions at Winchester,Friday night, with an address ofwelcome by Miss Fannie Elkin, president of the Winchester League.The sessions are being held at Ken-tucky Wesleyan College. The conference will adjourn Friday night.About 75 delegates are in attendance.George Rogers, Covington, made aresponse to Miss Elkin's address.Dennis V. Snapp," of Paris, the president of the organization, presidedmade a short address. Following theopening meeting a reception to thedelegates was held at the GirlsHome of the college.The following delegates from theParis Epworth League Chapter arein attendance: Misses Bettie Shaw,Sara Power, Mabel Galloway, EdnaSnapp and Sadie Fuller, and Mr.Dennis "V. Snapp, who is presidingover the sessions.Following a business session of thecabinet, Miss Elizabeth Clark, ofHarrodsburg, secretary of the organiczation, conducted the praise and de-votional services. Organization ofthe conference, roll call, district reports and appointments were routinematters disposed of.The president's address by DennisV. Snapp, of Paris, was replete withthe work of the league for the pastyear. Rev. John Jenkins, pastor ofSt. John's church, Augusta, Ga., gavean informal talk, taking the place ofthe Rev. Ralph E. Nollner, of Nash-:ville, who had not arrived. Announcements and introduction of visitors finished the morning program.A tennis tournament planned for theafternoon was postponed on accountof the weather. A vesper servicewas conducted by Rev. Dr. B. F. Orr,of Paris.BOURBON TOBACCO WAREHOUSECO. TO EEECT NEW HOUSETo accommodate an influx of now.business which, it Is expected "willcome this fall following the raisingof bumper tobacco crops, the Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Company ismaking preparations to erect a ne'wwarhouse.This will make the third warehouse to be operated by this company. A permit for the erection ofthe structure was granted by theCity Council sometime ago.The. new building wilFbe 250x150feet, to be constructed of brick andsteel with ample lighting facilities,and is to be completed in time forthe winter sales.The following contracts for workon the structure were let recently:Bourbon Lumber Co., lumber; Woods& O'Brien, foundations; Board &Lyons, skylights and roofing; Granger & Co., Louisville, steel work.This company's business had increased to such an extent that it iecome absolutely necessary to enlargetheir facilities, making the erection.of another warehouse an absolutenecessity. The Bourbon TobaccoWarehouse Company holds theworld's record for the season's highest average.REUEE EOR HOUSEKEEPERSALL THE YEAR ROUNDKitchen Cabinets save time andlabor. -A. F. WHEELER & CO.,(27-tf) Opp. Court House.oWOOL WANTEDWill pay highest marketprice. Sacks furnished free.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.SHOPPER'S PURSE STOLENWhile shopping in this city Wednesday, Mrs. Wm. Gay and herdaughter, were robbed of a bag containing about $25 and a number ofpapers and toilet articles. The baghad been left in their machine,which had been parked while theywere making their purchases. Someenterprising thief discovered thepresence of the bag with its valuables, and made away with it. Thepolice were notified.oSTORE BURGLARIZED. .The hardware store of Ford & Co..was entered Wednesday night byburglars, who effected an entrace byjimmying a window in the rear. Theburglars who effected an entrance byknives and razors, and other goods.The police were notified. No cluewas left by the visitors.the Mississippi's printing establishment, and that he was in fine health.The casualty list of the AmericanExpeditionary Forces in Europe, asreported by the commanding general,and published in the daily papers ofWednesday, contains the name of Private Rufus B. Johnson, of Paris, asb'eing wounded severely.Ir y&QE TWO9mm "fHE BOURBON NEWSEstablished 1881 37 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayPer Year.. $2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Adavance.JsWIFT CHAMP. Editor and Owner.Entered &t the Paris, Kentucky,"Foatoffice sb Mall Matter ol the'"Second Class.)- Any erroneous "reflection upon thefrfearacter, standing or reputation oiJtny person, firm or corporation which.rjfcay appear In the columns of THE"TBOTRBON NEWS will be gladly cor"footed If brought to attention of theADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perInch for first time; 50 cents per inch$ach subsequent insertion.' Reading Notices, 10 cents per linetech issue; reading notices in blackype, 20 "cents per line, each issue.- Cards of thanks, calls on. candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andplmilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rateB for large advertise-paenta and yearly" contracts.-The right of publisher is reseived.o, decline any advertibement or otherau&tter for publication.,. Announcements for political officespmist invariably be accompanied by-he cash.fr- EDITORIAL MUSINGS.Across the Atlantic.The voyage of Columbus across the'Atlantic resulted in a developmentof ' niarine treveling towards theWestern continents undreamed of-prior to his adventurous trip. So,,'it will be noted in future time, that'.Lieut-Commander Reed's one-stop-trip from New Foundland to Portu-'ga' be recognized as a forerunner ofafcjsieS of aerial sails, or wings, tofollow the nomenclature of the air.The flight of the NC-4 was remarkable in more ways than one. OnMay 8 it left Rockway, Long Island,"but was forced to land off the Massachusetts coast, but reached Halifaxvon May 14. The next day it journeyed from Halifax to Trepassey Bay,N.-F. 460 miles, and on May 16-17'(went from Trepassy to Horta, in the'toores, 1,350 miles, in about fifteenvfcours. On May 20 it went to PontaDelgada, another island, some milesfurther eastward. On May 27 itit went the remaining 800 miles toi Lisbon, Portugal, and completed the' first aerial trip from America toEurope under its own power.-iIhe flight across the Atlantic recalls an effort of Vaniman (?) in11910, who set out for Europe in a'.dirigible, which was wrecked by astorm two days out at sea. He wasrescued, and in 1912 started from''Akron, Ohio, on a second voyage, but.-explosion in midair resulted in hisdeath. A Frenchman, within recentweeks, set out for an Atlantic flight,but was forced to land in Africa (he-was going to Brazil) although he'covered more miles than Reed did in"any single flight.1 Eofteen Years and Then?r r t.m Those who .read Ambassador Mor-..g.enthau-s story of Turkish intrigueaf-onsta,ntinople will weigh -carefullyhis statement that in fifteenyears the United States would be inTnother war.From what quarter, for whatcauses, or with whom the danger im-rXedes the distinguished diplomatdoes not say; as a matter of policyie could not express himself. But,ne Is not the only man thinking thesame thing.The Versailles peace conference is5 attempting to settle world-wide questions. Some of the statesmen present are making an honest effort to'secure a measure of permanentpeace, but there -are some decisionsand some arrangements which will:not last the fifteen. years Ambassador' Morgenthau sets as the limit.America entered European broilsbecause a world at war affectedeverybody, and the time came at lastwhen we had to enter the conflict.We are now represented at the peaceconference in the hope that righteoussettlements can be made which will4 obviate our entering another war in"the future, but will our hopes be invain? . ..The League of Nations presents theonly firm ground upon which to restour aspirations and hopes for peace.If this can be made strong enoughVand kept righteous enough, it willJ maintain peace in the world other--lyrist, there'll be more wars. Fifteenyears is notrtoo near a limit for wars(not necessarily with present eneMiiies) over conflicts nations nowsigning peace as joint victors.The Needs Tor Homes.- Throughout America the cry for.nouses is heard. The government ofthe United States, or of the individual States, can do nothing betterf or the common good than to arrange-' lor long term loans to those wishingijto build their homes. A nation of-nome owners is firm as a rock; a na-ticn of renters is in peril.Many of our citizens never reachFrprthe stage of accumulated wealth.Most of 4 them own their homes, butthe increasing number of those whoare compelled torrent is alarming.The man who never accumulates thenucelus of the price of a home canown his home if the government willgive him plenty of time. Instead ofrenting for half his life he will payfor his place, own it, and take careof his family to better national andlocal advantage.This may be radical to the ownersof great mansions. It may not be tothe taste of the owners of the rented homes, but it is in keeping withthe betterment of mankind. A community of renters is not to be desired. The American homes is a greatinstitution, and a little back yardhelps it flourish.The World Hope of Peace.Dispatches showing that GreatBritain and Japan have entered intoa favorable combine towards theirmutual trade surprise Americans. Infact, many pacts of this kind we maynever know unless President Wilsonuproots them in the same mannerthat he uncovered" the secret treatyof London.The people of the world, however,have a right to know just what secret settlements have been made inthe interest of trade. If trade is ofmore importance to nations thangood-will it is time for us to followother leads and make a few arrangements on our own hook. Peace willnever come as a result of unfair arrangements to land the commerce ofthe world. Unless peoples are freeto trade where the superiority oftheir goods, or the supremacy of opportunity it is useless to talk ofpeace.The quest for world trade hascaused more wars than anythingelse. It will undoubtedly cause warsin the future unless equality isvouchsafed to all nations. Whycan't diplomats learn from a sea ofblood that what people want is peace,not international commerce built upby false restrictions, which inevitably cause strife.Jud?e Lindsay's Fine.Judge Ben D. Lindsay obtainedworld-wide fame as a result of hisjuevnile court in Denver. He considered .every boy or girl chargedwith a crime as a ward, not a criminal, and he solicited their confidence about their troubles. A littlegirl of thirteen once told him abouta row between her father andmother, in which the former waskilled. In the face of difficultiesJudge Lindsay has kept the faith hepledged!The mother was being tried formurder, and Judge Lindsay refusedto reveal to the jury what the littlegirl told him. The presiding judgefined him $500 for contempt ofcourt, and the punishment was suspended when the district court's order was appealed to the State Supreme Court. Recently, this higherbody affirmed the fine, and JudgeLindsay will have to pay.Whether Judge Lindsay actedwisely in making a pledge not to reveal what he was told or not, even ifcommanded by courts, may be anopen question; but, everybody willadmire him for standing firmly byhis own pledged word. The $500may pinch a little, but broken faithwould have pinched even more.SIGNALS OF DISTRESSParis People Should Know How ToRead and Heed Them.Disordered kidneys give many signals of distress.The secretions may be dark, contain sediment.Passages are sometimes frequent,scanty, painful.Backache is often present day andnight.Headaches and dizzy spells may occur. Weakened kidneys should receivequick help.Don't delay! Use a special kidneyremedy.Doan's Kidney Pills are for weakkidneys, backache and urinary disorders. Paris evidence proves their worth.Chas. Stewart, tinsmith, Lillestonavenue, says: "I have had three orfour attacks of lumbago in the pastfew years, the first being the worst.There was a constant, dull ache inmy back all the time and often sharp,cutting pains darted through it. Itsometimes seemed as though I couldhardly endure the misery. I trieddifferent remedies with no results.I heard of Doan's Kidney Pills andprocured them from the Ardery DrugCo. The first box helped me and Icontinued taking them until cured.Attacks since then have always beenslight. Doan's Kidney Pills havenever failed to relieve me."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Stewart had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)oARMY WORMS WORK HAVOCOne farmer, living on the Nicholasville pike, near Versailles, had sixacres of tobacco and ten acres ofbluegrass, from which he expected togather seed, completely eaten up byarmy worms. Another had ten acresof tobacco destroyed. Barley hasabout 11 been cut. Wheat harvestis on now and a big demand for hardest hands at high prices is the result.TEDS BOUSBflN NEWS, PAIS, KENTUCKY"Btfrbanked" Type, In Louisiana, WillNot Migrate, as (a CustomaryWith the Species.Stanley Clisby Arthur, ornithologistof the conservation commission ofLouisiana, Is authority for the statement that the state "Burbanked" thewild duck, the cross of which "set,"and they produced a duck that willremain In the state the year round.Louisiana is visited by the greenhead mallard,-which leaves in thespring for the North. Also by anotherspecies known as the summer mallard,or Florida duck, which spends itssummer in Louisiana and winters inMexico and Central America. It leavesLouisiana on the approach of coldweather.The experiment of crossing thegreenhead mallard, the winter visitor,with the summer mallard, or Floridaduck, the summmer visitor, was conducted by M. L. Alexander, conservation commissioner, and Edward A. McIlhenny at Avery Island, a state preserve. Species of the two ducks weretrapped, mated and the eggs provedfertile. The experiment proved a success. The "Burbanked" ducks havebeen termed the "Louisiana mallard." The "Louisiana mallard" hasproduced its own young, and Mr. Arthur says the cross has "set."Hundreds of these "Louisiana mallards" were released on Marsh Island,a wild life sanctuary, so that theymight perpetuate themselves.OLDEST OF EARTH'S CITIESDamascus Has Seen the Rise and Fallof Races Which Are Mere Shadows In History.What times and changes such aplace as Damascus has seen, whatwaves of peoples, what rise and fallof kings, what increase and collapseof greatness, what kaleidoscopic history ! What the autochthonous population of the place was is a point probably past historic decision. The earliest records find In control a race Indefinitely related to the Mesopotamlans. Then the march of races andpeoples begins, and the rise and fallof conquerors. Hlttltes, Amorltes,Sutl, Khablrl, Jews, Assyrians, Cimmerians, Egyptians, Armenians, Arabs,Persians, Macedonians; Parthians, Romans, Seleuclds, the Omayyads, theAbbassides, Mongols, Tartars, modernEgyptians, Ottomans, and the English,have swept through this oldest dwelling place of gregarious humanity, andstill It flourishes, to this day as populous as such places as Kansas City orDenver or Indianapolis, Louisville, St.Paul, or Rochester, and relatively farmore important.Merits of October Ale.Not the fluid of that name, but theelixir that is in this golden Octobersunshine. Influenza germs are deadlyafraid of clear, cool, snappy sunshine.The whole outdoors is full of it, andthe invitation to enjoy it is so urgentand "cordial that the man or womanwho refuses to accept It is only adding to the risk that the doctors declare everybody is assuming these epidemic days. Nature Is trying to addcompensation for the anxieties attendant upon contagious disease. In hercornucopia she has stored remediesthat are not only effective but pleasant to take. Get out of doors Into theOctober sunshine that has been andwill be pouring Its curative and stimulating forces over the country. Thewalking is fine and the landscape never more varied and beautiful. Theforests are garbed In brown, purpleand gold. The silences are eloquentwith the slumber song of nature. Theair Is a tonic for tired, taut nerves andbodies. Get out of doors and shakeoff the fears as well as the germs ofInfluenza. Pittsburgh Gazette-Times.Old Valenciennes."The town of lace," wrote Williamof Orange to the Estates on the 13thof April. 1677, "Is lost to us. We arevery sorry to be obliged to tell yourhigh mightinesses that it has not pleased God to bless on this occasion thearms of the state under our guidance."But lace is no longer made In Valenciennes, the capital of an arrondlssement In the department of the Nord,and a fortress of the second class. Butit is nevertheless a quaint town, withsufficient seventeenth century housesto give it a medieval appearance. Thehandsome Hotel de Vllle is also largelyseventeenth century work, and beforethe war contained a large collection oftapestries and of paintings, especiallyof the Flemish school. The city alsopossessed an academy of sculpture andpainting, a museum of natural history, a lycee and an arsenal.Gigantic Punch Bowl.The largest punch bowl ever usedwas at a party given at Alicant by Admiral Edward Russell In 1691, when qmarble fountain was converted for theoccasion Into a punch bowl. The ingredients used in brewing the punchIncluded four hogsheads of brandy,one "pipe" of Malaga 'wine, 20 gallonsof lime juice, 2,500 lemons, 1,300pounds of white sugar, five pounds ofgrated nutmeg, 300 toasted biscuits andeight hogsheads of water. A boy in aboat filled the cups of the 6,000 persons who partook of the contents ofthe mighty punch bowl.Banter.He I wish I bad married a girl whocould save money.She -I wish J had married a mawho could make It .7"PISES TRUTONAJJr, Richards' Indorsement Backed by35 Years' Constant MedicalPractice.KENTON, TENN., June 26. Dr.J. Richards, 78 years old, has been aresident of this vicinity for years andis well known and highly respectedby everyone. For the past 35 yearsDr. Richards has been actively engaged in the practice of medicinehere, during which time he has wonthe confidence of thousands of acquaintances, together with the creditof being among the most prominentphysicians in this part of Tennessee.His following public indorsement ofTrutona will give to thousands faithin the perfect tonic which can onlyincrease with use of the new medicine :"Everyone knows that a man inmy profession wqiild .not and couldnot recommend a medicine unless itwas really one of merit," Dr. Richards said. "But I have tried Trutonaand I know it to be a tonic of realmerit."I've been annoyed with nervousness for several years. My appetitewas poor, too, and I found it difficultto rest well at night."Duty compels me to recommendthe new tonic as an appetizer, astrengthened system builder and realnerve tonic. In short a tonic thathas real medicinal merit. I hopeeveryone suffering from nervousness,loss of appetite and a generally rundown system will try Trutona."Trutona is now being introducedin Paris at G. S. Varden & Son's.,(adv)oWON'T SEND OUH MONEY TO THELAUNDRY!Money circulating in parts of thecountry remote from Washingtonand cities where sub-treasuries is so"filthy" as to be a "menace to thepublic health," according to delegates attending the convention inWashington of the Steel and CopporPlate Printers' Union of NorthAmerica.A resolution was adopted askingCongress to enact legislation whichwould insure freer and easier monetary circulation.oSometimes there turns out to bemore than a peck of trouble in justone pint.FoundLeather pocket memorandumbook, containing a small sum ofmoney, a note for $100 and some other papers, and a traveling card issued by St. John Commandery No. 89,of Maysville, to James Collins, Treasurer. Call or address this office.Position WantedWanted1, position as stenographerby a Paris young man of experience.Can furnish good references. Callthis office for information.(24-2t)Plants For Sale.Late cabbage and tomato plants,in any desired quantity. Excellentstock. One and one-half block fromtraction line. Call on or address,(17-4t) JOS. LAVIN.FoundFound, on streets of Paris, a ladies'brooch pin. Owner may have someby proving property and paying forthis advertisement. Enquire atNEWS office.Ford For SaleFord car in good condition. If soldat once for cash it can be bought ata bargain.(30-tf) MARTIN BROS.Lost or StolenA soft leather dog collar, withlicense tag No. 1005 riveted on. Reward for return to(6-ft) JAS. E. CRAVEN.Eye Examination!We use in our examination of theeyes the OPTHALMOMETER, theOPTHALMOSCOPE, RETINOSCOPEand many other instruments combined with the trial case. We,, alsomake trans-illuminary and bloodpressure tests.We specialize in theFITTING OF KRYPTOKS,The invisible bifocal lenses.Charges moderate to all.Dr. Wm. Riley FranklinSuite 203-204 First National BankBoth Phones, Paris, Ky.5fJi vHOT WATERATTHE TURN OFTHE TAPAlways ready. Nothing to do but toopen the faucet. The most convenient themost efficient the most gratifying thing amongall modern household conveniences.- RUUDlsjmphiuejAotomTCGAS WATER HEATERYou i owe it, to your family and yourself to investigate this wonderful Automatic Water. Heater. Let us show it to you.iBFor Sale ByT. W. SPICER!Xi!Xi!Hg5W.:FUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.A MAN AND HIS WIFELEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40iggfcgggjglgHg;!rgji3:mnsUNITED STATES RAILROAD ADMINISTRATIONDirector General of Railroads.Commencing June 15th AdditionalSUNDAY TRAIN SERVICEWill Be Operated as FollowsUKENTUCKY DIVISIONNorthbound5:00 am Lv. Stanford Arr6:38am " Richmond " ....7:27am " Winchester " ....8:20am " Paris - ....Q.4fl v A to.nv am ..tt.ir.uy ii unana juv- :ta pm9:25am " Falmouth " 7:59pm10:50am " Cincinnati " 6:50pm, MAYSVILLE BRANCHSouthbound - Northbound6:00 am..., Lv. Maysville Ar r. . .11:25 pm8:00 am... . '.Ar. Paris Lv '. 9:30 pmLEXINGTON BRANCHEastboundj 7:31) am ..bv. .Lexington Ar. :. 10:15 pm B8:10 am 'Ar. Parisimifntm-mmtiif.r-FRIDAY, JUNE 27, 1919.Heats the fresh water as it runs fromthe main. Opening: the faucet startsthe heater hot water flows until thefaucet is closed."That stops expense.About'one cent for ten gallons paysfor this remarkable service.IBI!'AW. DAVISWlJ may both derive saiisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings U3.Home Phone 169Southbound...12:45 pm...11:00 pm...10:15 pm9:30 pmj!r t -WestboundLv ...... 9;38pmFRIDAY, JUNE 27, 1919. .THE BOTOBOH HEWS, PABIS, KETOlTCKT1AQZTBXXSTHE MOSTDANGEROUS DISEASENo organs of the human body are soimportant to health and long life as thekidneys. "When thy slow up and commence to lag in their duties, look out!Find out what the trouble is withoutdelay. Whenever you feel nervous,weak, dizzy, suffer from sleeplessness,or have pains in the back wake upat once. Your kidneys need help. Theseaxe signs to warn you that vour kidneys are not performing their functions properly. They are only halfdoing their work and are allowing Impurities to accumulate and be converted into uric acid and other poisons,which are causing you distress and willdestroy yxu unless they are drivenfrom your system.Get some GOLD MEDAL. Haarlem OHCapsules at once. They are an old, triedpreparation used all over the worM forcenturies. They contain only old-fashioned,soothing oils combined withstrength-giving and system-cleansingherbs, well known and used by physicians in their daily practice GOLDMBDAIi Haarlem Oil Capsules are Imported direct from the laboratories inHolland. They are convenient to take,and will either give prompt relief oryour money will be refunded. Ask forthem at any drug store, but be sure toget the original imported GOLDMEDAL brand. Accept no substitute.In sealed packages. Three sizes.'fc?ll?XiIHITJMMER MEETING OE KENTUCKY PRESS ASSOCIATIONThe fiftieth, annual mid-summermeeting of the Kentucky Press Association will be held in Louisville,June 26, 27 and 28. All sessions willhe held at the Seelbach hotel exceptThursday night, June 26, when therewill he a joint meeting with the Kentucky Educational Association at theFirst Christian church.Among speakers who will be heardare Governor Henry J. Allen, ofKansas, editor of the Wichita Beacon, who was elected governor while"FAKE" ASPIRINF WAS TALCUMEHerefore Insist Upon Gen"bine "Bayer Tablets'gf Aspirin'fci&YIlms -JMillions of fraudulent AspirinTablets were sold by a Brooklynmanufacturer, which later proved tohe composed mainly of Talcum Powder. "Bayer Tablets of Aspirin," thetrue, genuine, American made andAemircan owned Tablets are markedwith, the safety "Bayer Cross."Ask for and then insist upon"Bayer Tablets of Aspirin" and always buy them in the original Bayerpackage which contains proper directions and dosage.Aspirin is the trade mark of BayerManufacturer of Monoaceticacidesterof Salicylicocid. (adv-tf-F)A Special ShowingofNew VoilesandOrgandiesFor the Summer TradeALL THE NEWESTSHADES AND PATTERNSat50cthe yard.doing war work in France; WalterW. Williams, dean of journalism,University of Missouri; Rodman W.Wiley, State Commissioner of Roads;Mrs. Cora Wilson Stewart, presidentof the Kentucky Illiteracy Commission, and originator of moonlightschools; Courtland Smith, presidentof the American Press Association,New York City, and various membersof the Kentucky association.The president, D. M. Hutton, editor of the Harrodsburg Herald, willpreside, and members will be entertained with a luncheon and theatreparty by the Louisville Conventionand Publicity League.oAFTER-WAR PROBLEM SOLVEDBY THE PEOPLE.There is a need to-day of a greatmany maunfactured articles, ofgoods which we were not able tomanufacture during the war. Twoyears have entirely depleted the surplus stock in nearly every line except war munitions.Then, Government economists,through the medium of the Department of Labor, state frankly that theAmerican people are in an excellentposition to buy. Wages were highduring the war and means of expenditure were limited.To-day we have the proper conditions for a demand that will lead tolarge production, the revival of business and the end of any serious unemployment. As a result of whichRoger W. Babson, Director Generalof the Information and EducationService of the Department of Labor,i5 urging the people to buy now inorder that business may receive this.needed stimulus.Mr. Babson asks pointedly: "Whatare you doing, Mr. Merchant; andyou, Mr. Everyday Workingman?"He then urges them to get together,to co-operate, to keep industry going.He admonishes them to adjust theirbusiness, to adjust themselves to theafter-the-war conditions. He urgesthem to renew buying, to renewselling, renew producing on the newpeace-time basis, and thus createjobs for our returned fighters,He says: "You who have work,you who have money, buy now foryour plant, your store, your own little home. Get going full speedahead. Buy now!"Peanuts or Steak?An article on nutritions foods says?"There Is about as much nourishmentin a quart of peanuts as there is inthree pounds of steak." But no gravynothing for the dog, and no hashthe next day.Spend a little less than, you earnit's a sure road to success. Putyour savings in War Savings Stamps.if i ' '. tTWIN BROS.Department Store7th and Main Paris, Ky.Wilmoth'sFreshHomelBaked Breads,Cakes, Pies, Etc. "DailyFreshMeats,Roasts;Steaks,vChops, Fancy Goods.FamousCoffees and TeasWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376;THE PEICEof our Optical Work is always fair,but the price, ol 'course, is of secondary consideration when you compareit with careful examination andPROPERLY PITTED GLASSES.You can be sure of both if youcome to see us. Good eyesight is ofsuch importance that you should notneglect your eyes.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.WoWWwWMWWBHGWBBoaBBBBHflBBoBaBBflBflqqqMBoqflWMjBoflMiss Catherine Wood, of Covington, is a guest of friends in this city.Mr. and Mrs. Bosley ChamjParris have returned from theirwedding trip.Mrs. May Stoner Clay has returned from a visit to Mrs. Robert G.Stoner, in Mt. Sterling.Mrs. James Crump has returnedfrom a visit to her-vister, Mrs. KingCulbertson, ' in Cincinnati.Mrs. William Swearengen has returned from a visit to friends andrelatives in Carthage, Ohio.Mrs. S. E. Sanford, of Louisville, is a guest of her mother, Mrs.Ben Holt, on Mt. Airy avenue, inthis city.Mrs. L. B. Purnell is a guest ofher sisters, Mrs. Lee Barbour andMiss Mabel Hill at St. Matthews, nearLouisville.Mr. Elezar Dailey has returnedfrom a visit to relatives in Louisvilleand Covington, Ky., and in Jeffersonville, Indiana.Miss Charlotte Henry is entertaining a charming guest in the person of Miss Frances Reagan, ofHelena, Arkansas.Dr. Marmaduke Brown has returned to Cincinnati, after a visit tohis father, Dr. J. T. Brown, and Mrs.Brown, in this city. 'Mr. Walter Kenney, Jr., ofParis, is a member of a house partybeing entertained in Cincinnati byMr. Edward K. Pooe.Mr. and Mrs. Ellis Hayden, ofDetroit, Mich., are guests of the former's parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. W.Hayden, on Henderson street.Misses Willie Kennedy andThelma Brannock have returned totheir homes in this city after a pleasant visit to friends in Flemingsburg.Miss Elemta Hinton, of Paris,attended the dance given at theCountry Club near Lexington lastnight by Miss Fannie Summers Tarlton. Mr. Russell Frank attended thedance given at the Masonic Temple,in Mt. Sterling, Wednesday evening,by the society young people of thatcity.Miss Rebecca Purnell will returnto-day from Ford, where she hasbeen a member of a house party being entertained by Miss ElizabethBush, of Winchester.Miss Lucy Simms has as guestat her home on Second street, herniece, Miss Elizabeth Simms, ofSpring Station, daughter of Mr. andMrs. William Simms.Misses Betsy Ray and her guest,Miss Beatrice Johnson, left Wednesday for the home of the latter in Toronto, Canada, to spend the remain-jder of the summer.The Boonesooro bathing beachis again the center of attraction formany from this vicinity. Antomobileparties make the trip nearly everyafternoon, returning late at night.Miss Frieda Heller, who has beenteaching in the Newport PublicSchool, has returned to spend thesummer vacation here with her parents, Mr. and Mrs. P. M. Heller.Mrs. Rachel Barlow, of Pensa-cola, Florida, is a guest of her daughter, Mrs. Frank P. Kiser, and Mr.Kiser, on Houston avenue. On herhomeward journey she will go toRichmond, Va., to visit her daughter,Mrs. Mary A. Strong.Mrs. Albert H. Morehead andtwo sons, James Turner and AlbertH. Morehead, Jr., formerly of Paris,now residing in Lexington, havegone to Chapel Hill, N. C, wherethey will he guests for the shimmerof Mrs. Morehead's mother and sister. f(Other Personals on Page 5)CAN PISH "REALLY HEAR?ffljjyijfljippyrojiiuThe Mabley & Carew Company( (Cincinnati)r Keeps Open Houseand makes every visitor feel at home.-Our people are hospitable and ready to do theirutmost to make visitors comfortable and welcome.Fountain square, where our store is located, isthe very center of Cincinnati's life and bustle.Our rest and lounging rooms are at your service.We will take care of your hand baggage withoutany cost to you.Make the Mabley & Carew Company storeyour headquarters while in Cincinnati. Makeappointments to meet your friends at our store.We will appreciate your visit and value yourpatronage if you choose to bestow it.Our well appointed restaurant serves the bestfood the market aftords prices moderate.?-. ,X?73(S(. i rti. JxCINCINNATI'S GREATEST STORE,! FIFTH AND VINE STREETSFOUNDED 1877.FOUNTAIN SQUARETT55;,vw mmmm-JL " iJniJB&HLWBYtrrnrrrrrrrrrrrrrmzmimsmsmssamTHE DOCTOR AWAY EROM HOMEWHEN MOST NEEDEDPeople are often very much disappointed to find that their physicianis away from home when they mostneed his services. Diseases like painin the stomach are howels, colic anddiarrhoea require prompt traetmentand have in many instances provenfatal before medicine could be procured or a physician summoned. Theright way is to keep at hand a bottleof Chamberlain's Colic and DiarrhoeaRemedy. No physician can prescribea better medicine for these diseases.By having it in the house you escapemuch pain and suffering and all risk.Buy it now; ,it may save life.-!ii !i IJune-adv)Even a yellow newspaper, youknow, may be "black and white andread all over."vvaCHIEF JUSTICE JOHN D. CAfittillDemocratic Candidate ForGOVERNORHe Can Win In November.(june20-5t) .Can the humbler minnow or any ofhis larger brethren hear? He hasears, but are they any use to him?Some scientists have experimentedand said "Yes!" while others haveexperimented and said "No!" However, recent study seems to indicatethat fish do hear. According to Popular Science Monthly, some of thefish experimetned upon had theirears removed, and others had theirskins made insensible. Then soundswere made in direct contact with thewater, but without 'agitating it at all,and signs looked for. It was foundthat' fishes were influenced by sound.One of the most'pecliar and strikingmanifestations was the Tact that afish had its hearing organs -destroyedlost its sense of direction when swimming fast. It .could swim straightslowly, 'but as sowTas it attempted toput on speed it went found in spirals.Considering that many species of fishtravel considerable distances duringtheir periods'of breeding and depositing their egs,r such loss of direction "would tend 'to make them easyprey for their enemies.o -CHRONIC CONSTIPATIONPerhaps you iiave never thought ofit, hut this disorder is due to a lackof moisture in the Tesidual of the.food. If you will drink an abundanceof water,.eat Taw fruits and take lotspf, outdoor exercises, you may be ableeventually to overcome, it entirely.In, tfoQ meantime use the most mildand gentle laxatives. Strong andharsh cathartics take too much waterout of the system and make a. badmatter worse. Chamberlain's Tabletsare easy and pleasant to take, andmost agreeable in' effect. Give thema trial.( june-adv) ,BRIGHTER,w 3PiU Cw T 1Nothing adds to theof a home, or makesworth living, than a well illuminated house. .pleasureslife more9seGieetrctyfor fflrtiitaIt's the only satisfactory way.9ise SasTor fieating and CwKinaIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix You UpFor the Use of BothElectricity and Gas.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Inoononted)wiredBNd reducing corsets are so trulyeconomical, so long-lived or sosatisfying as these extra-stronggarments.The-Ifcengo Belt feature oftailoring has become famousamong medium and stoutwomen, because it solves theproblem of retaining shapeliness where the greatest straincomes over the abdomen and hips,5 "Note the exclusivemethod of boning this portion of the garment, then wear one ReneoBelt model you will find your first supreme corset satisfaction.Models for every figure some with steelastic webbing for greaterfreedom all with double watch spring boning.Prices of Ren jo Belt Corsets Range from $2 U $ltFor Sale by FRANK & CO.SaBaVSaMBSBBHES11.,-yiiThe Home Telephone Your ServantFor Only a Few Cents Per DayLet us analyze his qualification 8: He is polite, intelligent, wlllimg,always on duty, day or night.f He'ill instantly present to you the grower, "butcher,. "baker or aay dfthe trades-folks, br the doctor, fire department or police in emtrsey.He will go. far beyond the conflnAes of the town and bring to yon inamazingly short time a member of th ft r&mlly, or Tone, it your good prospective customers. KHM9HHMftittttfef$8tHe will summons the railroad, boat or theatre ticket in a few seconds. And as to wages, he will only cost, you in residence from 6 tc-Se pr.day; in place of business from 10 to 12c per day.Paris Home Telephone TelegraptCorriany(Incorporated)J. J. Veateh,- District .Manager. W. H. Cannon, local Xaa&ger.The News Job Department is Always Busy."There's a Reason." Work Done RigfctJiPAGE POim rvrVPrrrrTHE BOUBBOH HEWS, MRK, KESKVCKX jwwwFBIDAY, JUNE 27, 1919.':ered basset pbesented withTOKEN OF ESTEEM.The Traveling Men's column ofthe Lexington Herald, has the follow-ing regarding a well-known repre-sentative of a Paris wholesale house. I"An unsigned note has been receivedby the 'B. Gr. Sample 5ase to theeffect that Fred Bassett, a worthyrepresentative of the Power GroceryCo., of Paris, was in a railroad wash-out near Maysville recently and for tnis valuable services infringing rock )to rebuild the track, the railroad 'track,company took the largest rock thissalesman brought and is 'having itmounted in a stick pin for the gentleman." oELECTRIC FANS KEEP JKOOLAND KOMFOBTABLE.Largest shipment of Westinghouseelectric fans ever brought 'to Paris2ias been received. All sizes, stylesand prices. See the small bed roomfan it is a comfort almost indispensible. PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC 0.(3-tf)Master's Sale!BOURBON CEEICUIT GOURT.Fanniebelle Sutherland - Plaintiff.Vs. Notice of Sale.Arthur Stevens HutchcraftDefendantPursuant to judgment and order ofsale in the above styled action in theBourbon Circuit Court, made at itsJune, 1919, term, the undersignedMaster Commissioner will, onSaturday, July 19, '19,about 11 a. m., at .the Court Houseidoor, Paris, Kentucky, expose topublic saleto the highest and best"bidder, a house and lot located onMain street, Paris, Kentucky, anddescribed as follows:Lots 15 and 16 on the west sideof Main street, in said City of Paris,Kentucky, fronting on Main street132 feet and 8 inches, and runningback the same width as in front214 feet, to High street, boundedin front by Main street, in the rearby High street, on the S. W. by Lynnstreet, and on the N. E. by lot No.17, belonging to the widow Ingels(now the property of Mrs. RachelQuisenberry) and is tne same prop-erty conveyed to Charles S. Hansonby Sidney Clay by deed recorded inDeed Book 54, page 232, office of theClerk of the Bourbon County Court;leas a parcel of land conveyed by firstparties to Mrs. Carrie Hanson Thorn -as, afterwards owned by Mrs. Sid-ney Clay and now owned by theCatholic School, fronting on Mainstreet 65 feet and running back thesame width to High street, and beingthe portion of above described landsadjacent to Lynn street.The property hereby conveyed isall of ithe above described -lots No?.15 and 16, after deducting the portion thereof conveyed to the saidCarrie Hanson Thomas, afterwardsowned oy Mrs. Sidney Clay and nowowned by the Catholic School. 'Theremainder consists of a lot about 67feet and 8 inches fronting on Mainstreet and extending back the samewidth to'High street about 214feet, adjoining the home jylace ofMrs. Rachel Quisenberry on -thenorth side, and the home of Mrs.May Stoner Clay (now CatholicSchool) on kthe South, ' and navingthereon a two-story brick dwellinghouse and other improvements.TERMS Said property -will xbeBold upon credits of six and twelvemonths for equal parts of the purchase money, the purchaser to execute bonds with good surety, to heapproved by the Master.O. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner Bourbon Circuit Court.M. P. Kenney, Auctioneer.Kentucky Carlsbad Springs HotelKentucky's Famous Health ResortNature's RemedyKentucky Carlsbad Springs, famous for its wonderful results in thetreatment of Rheumatism, Brights Disease, Bladder, Kidney and StomachTrouble, Auto Intoxication, Diabetes and Neutritis.NWhes. run down from over attention in business and nervous prostration, many receive quick .and permanent relief from the use of theKentucky Carlsbad Water.People who are afflicted with the above disease come from nearlyall parts of the United States ifco drink Kentucky Carlsbad Water andtake the mineral baths. The best testimony is the many leading physicians who are now recommending the use of Carlsbad Water.Another strong testimonial as to the virtue of the famous KentuckyCarlsbad Water is the thousands of satisfied customers who are nowusing this water in their homes.Kentucky Carlsbad Water is pumped from the earth at a depth of1,100 feet and contains all the health giving properties that make thecame Carlsbad famous. We ship Kentucky Carlsbad Water direct to theconsumer.The Kentucky Carlsbad Springs is located on the Dixie Highway andthe Cincinnati Southern Railroad, Is 35 miles from Cincinnati, 50 milesfrom Lexington, and 107 miles from Louisville,This Hotel is equipped will all modern conveniences, MineralBaths, Steam Vapors, hot and cold showers, cooling and dressing roomsatjofning path rooms.We invite the traveling public to stop and drink free KentuckyCarlsbad Water aad make use of our rest rooms,ree Bus meets all trains. 1 "Kentucky Carlsbad Springs HotelDry Ridge, Ky.wThe regular monthly meeting ofthe Methodist Missionary Society willmeet in the church parlor Tuesdayafternoon, July 1, at 2:30. It is aprivilege to attend these meetingsand see what .our Methodist womenare doing,," ""u" WU1U1 sue.tsanquet win oe neia at tne Metnodist church Monday night, June 30,at 8:00 o'clock, at which time thedelegates attending the annual Ep-worth League conference in Winchester this week, will give theirreports. All Epworthians requested,to be present.The public .is cordially invited toworship at the Presbyterian Church,Sunday, June Z9th. Rev. J. C. Hanley, of Jackson, Ky., President ofLee's Collegiate "Institute, will preachin the morning at 10:45 and in theevening at 8 o'clock. Sunday Schoolat 9:30 a. m. Christian Endeavorat 7 p. m. Leader, Miss Irene Bramblette. The date for the SundaySchool outing which was postponed,will be announced Sunday morningwhen final arrangements will bemade. All members should be present, as it is necessary for the Transportation Committee to know howmany will go an the trip to BlueGrass Park.MTCHELL WILL PROBATEDIn the County Court, Wednesday,before Judge George Batterton, thewill of the late Miss Belle Mitchell,who died recently at her home onPleasant street, in this city, was admitted to probate. The instrument,which was dated April 20, 1919, andwitnessed by C. K. Thomas and Geo.Doyle, is very brief, as follows:"After all my debts are paid and astone put to my last resting place,like the others on the lot, I leave $50to keep the grave and lot in order.To my beloved church (Presbyterian)$2,000. To my kind and faithfulphysician, Dr. J. T. Vansant, $1,000.To the Y. M. C. A. ?100. The Hospital, the same amount. Lucille, ofcourse, the rest."In two codicils attached to the willshe leaves the sum of $100 to theHighland Cottage, in Breathitt county, and $500 to the Errickson Presbyterian church building.SENT TO CHILDEEN'S HOME.John and Leslie Varner, of thiscounty, were admitted to the Ken-tucky Children's Home, at Louisville,this week, upon recommendation ofth county Court. Their mother isd d d their fath it was all"J1" "" ' 0. . ,ed had moved to another State andwas failing to contribute to theirsupport.,TAXNOTICE!The office .of the Tax Commissioner of Bourbon County.wilLbe open July 1st to assessproperty. Under the law it isithe duty of .all voters and property owners to call at our officein the -Court ;House and give intheir lists. Gome in and complywith the law and save penalty.Do.it jaow TO-DAY.WALTER CLARKE,Tax Commissioner.J. J. REDKON,Deputy.june27-:tf)f.MATRIMONIAL.4STRODE SUTHERLAND.The marriage of Miss MarthaFrances Strode, of Winchester, toMr. Clay Sutherland, of Paris, wassolemnized Wednesday afternoon at 5o'clock at the First Baptist church,in Winchester. The bridesmaidswore dainty organdie frocks in various colors of the rainbow, and theeffect was brilliant and beautiful.The bride was attired in an exquisite costume of white Georgettecrepe with hat to match and carrieda charming bouquet of white bride'sroses.The church was decorated withpotted ferns, and cut flowers for theoccasion. The ceremony was impressively performed by Dr. B. B.Bailey, of Maysville. Mrs. J. M.Walker played the wedding march,and Mr. John Hodgkin sang.Miss Elizabeth Crutcher, of Paris,was attired in pink; Miss AnnetteCole in blue, Miss Louise Kohlass inyellow and Miss Helen Fox in laven- jdar. Mrs. Cecil iaggara, matron 01honor, and sister, of the bride, worea green costume. All the youngladies wore fetching organdie hats tomatch their dresses, and carriedharmonizing arm bouquets.Phelps Renick of Winchester, wasthe best man, and the groomsmenwere Stanley Dixon and WilliamCollins, of North Middletown, HughMcDonald and James Allen, of Winchester. After the ceremony, Mr. and Mrs.Sutherland laft for a wedding trip toChicago, and later will make theirhome in Paris. Mr. Sutherland is ason of Mrs. Fanniebelle Sutherland,of this city, and is a. popular andprominent young man. He is traveling representative for Swift & Company. The bride is a daughter ofMr. and Mrs. Clayton Strode, ofWinchester. She is a member of oneof the most prominent families inClark county, and is possessed of asweet and lovely personality. Theyoung people were the recipients ofmany handsome and costly weddinggifts, as token of the admiration andgood wishes of their friends.After the ceremony the young menof the bridal party entertained witha dining at the Phoenix Hotel, inLexington, in honor of the newlymarried couple. About eighteencouples from Winchester and severalintimate friends from Paris werepresent.The ceremony was witnessed by alarge number of relatives andfriends from Paris and the county.The groom is one of the most popular young men in the county, onewhose friends are numbered by thescore.THE NEWS, in common with thesehundreds of friends, extends heartiest congratulations and good wishesfor a long and happy married life toMr. and Mrs. Sutherland.OSBORNE DAY.The marriage of Miss FrancesOsborne, one of Winchester's mostcharming young women, to Mr.Frank Day, a prominent businessman of that city, took place at"Vinewood," the country home of thebride, on the Mt. Sterling pike, atnine o'clock Wednesday night. Theceremony was performed1 by Rev. J.H. McNeil, pastor of the WinchesterChristian church.The bridesmaids were Miss Elizabeth Tarr, of Paris, and Miss LenaMay Jones, of Winchester, who hasbeen a frequent visitor in Paris atthe home of Miss Tarr. Mr. WalterLawrence was groomsman, while thehride was given in marriage by herbrother, Mr. Frederick Osborne. Thewedding music was furnished by MissMary Peeples at the piano and MissesJosephine McNeil and CatherineHughes, soloists.The bride is one of the most attractive young women in Clark county, and is a daughter of Mrs. Filmore Osborne. They will reside inWinchester. j p "PLUMMER BRANNOCK . . .Mr. Lewis Brannock and MissPearl Plummer, both of near Millersburg, secured a marriage license fromCounty Clerk Pearce Paton, and weremarried shortly after by Rev. W.E. Ellis, pastor of the Paris Christianchurch. The attendants were MissLoula Thomas and Mr. D. B. Mason,of Millersbug. The bride is a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Jos. Plummer, ofnear Millersburg. The groom is asubstantial young farmer of the Ruddles Mills precinct.WHALEYr-DAVIS.Miss Mattie Whaley and Mr.P. Davis, both of Paris, were marriedin Carlisle, Tuesday, the ceremonybeing performed by County JudgeHarry Kennedy.The bride is a daughter of Mrs.Jimmie Whaley, and the groom is ason of Mrs. Tillie Davis. He is in theemploy of the Fuhrman TransferCompany, of Paris, as chauffeur.A marriage license was issuedfrom the office of County Clerk''Pearce Paton, to Mr. 'James D. Judyand Miss Bertha King, both of Fayette county.oSAVE $3.00 TO $5.00 ON PALMBEACH SUITS.Our Palm Beaches are now ready.You know our prices are right. Putone on and save from $3.00 to $5.00.L. WOLLSTEIN,(6-tf) 619 Main Street.DEATHS.eHUTSELL.Paris friends of Mr. and Mrs.Jack Hutsell, of Winchester, sympa-thize deeply with them in the deathof their baby son, James BronaughHutsell. This was their first child.The child died in about twenty-fourhours after birth.SCRUGGS.Hector Peacock Scruggs, born inBourbon county December 12, 1849.died at his home on Bald Eagle, Bathcounty, Monday, June 23, 1919. Mr.Scruggs was a bachelor and is survived by one brother, Maj. J. W.Scruggs, of Flemingsburg Junction,who is the last survivor of a largefamily, four of whom have died inthe past four years. The decedentwas for some years editor of theOwingsville Outlook, but for the pastseveral years has been a fanner.Burial at Sharpsburg, Wednesday.JUETT.Mrs. Ada Juett, aged sixty-two,one of the best known women inRichmond, died at her home on EastMain street, in that city, after alingering illness. She was the widowof Mr. Byron Juett, who died suddenly while delivering goods at thehome of a customer in Richmond.Mrs. Juett is survived by two children, Mrs. Clarence Elmore, of Paris,and Mr. Reed Juett, of Richmond.The funeral was held at her residence Tuesday afternoon, followed byinterment on the family lot in theRichmond Cemetery.BELL.Miss Sarah A. Bell, long connected with the Georgetown Times, ofwhich her brother, John A. Bell, veteran editor, was owner, died at herhome in that city after an illness often weeks. The daughter of thelate Tyson and Rebecca Adams Bell,she was the last surviving member ofa family of five, who helped to makethe history of Georgetown. For 70years she lived in the housein which she died. Her nearest relatives are her nieces, MissesLila D. Ball, editor of the GeorgetownTimes; Fannie Aldridge Bell, ofof Houston, Texas, and her greatgreat nieces, Misses Anne Moore andEleanor Bell, and a nephew, LeonBell, of Cincinnati, the latter formerly manager of the Paris GrandOpera House.BLUEGRASS SEED MEN NAMEPOOL COMMITTEE.At a meeting of Bluegrass seedmen, held in Winchester, a committee was appointed to make a canvassof the Bluegrass counties in an effortto pool the seed and to report backSaturday, when a selling committeewill be appointed in the pool. Warren Rogers was chairman of themeeting and Joe S. Lindsay secretary. The committee and the countiesthey represent, was named as follows: Madison county, Albert McCown; Bourbon, L. A. Soper; Fayette, Rhodes Ellis; Clark, Joe Lindsay; Montgomery, Hughes Atkinson;Woodford, Hardin Field; Scott,Rhodes Thomas; Boyle, Jerry Caldwell.A Bourbon county man, who attended the meeting, stated that itwas the opinion of those present thatblue grass seed is in a strong position, owing to the fact that the crophas been very short for the past twoor three years and is not an average one this year.Added to this the supply in thehands of the dealers is about exhausted and the demand is insistent,because under war conditions muchbeyond the usual acreage has beencultivated in other crops to supplythe world's pressing needs. Mucbof this land piust now he sown ingrass, and it is confidently expectednow that the markets of the worldare opened, that the foreign demandwill take care of an appreciable portion of this year's crop.It was also pointed out that bluegrass seed is out of line in pricewith other grass and clover seeds, aswell as all farm products grown under abnormal conditions of high-pricedlabor, machinery and the advancing values of land, together with thesoaring expense of everything thatenters into the production of crops.Considering this fact it was the belief of the meeting that by co-operationblue grass seed growers can secure a reasonable price for theircrops.COMFORT, LUXURY, HEALTH, NOBETTER REFRIGERATOR MADEThe New Iceberg Refrigeratorsaves ice. Special price atA. F. WHEELER & CO.,Opp." Court House.l(b-tf)( O- u.BIRTHS.?In this city, Tuesday, to thewife of Mr. Clyde Huffman, a son,their second child, both sons. Thenew arrival weighed eleven poundsand has been christened BenjaminMilton.In Carlisle, to the wife of Mr.Charles Thomas, formerly Miss Sophia Moore, of Paris, a son.FRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERS1SPECIALSALEDRESSES$13.75FRANK & CO.LADIES'AutomobileMMHH4MlfiniMmilHWll'HIHHniHHmThe J. T.UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMMRSMain 'and SixthStreetsParisMotor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.nu-j, .rttiinniitmumuFAMOUS HIGH BBIDGE TO BE INFILMS.'High Bridge may soon get into themovies. Alfred Green, assistant toMarshall Neilan, director of theAnita Stewart production, is arrangling to film a local setting for thedrama, "In Old Kentucky." He wasin Louisville recently arranging foruse of the Churchill Downs racetrack, and was in Lexington and atHigh Bridge looking over the BlueGrass country whcie a number ofscenes will be laid. The HighBridge section will be utilized for themountain scenes in the play. AnitaStewart and her comnanv -win cotrin ientucKy as long as it it necessary to properly film the drama,which will take three weeks or moreand when completed will cost approximately $250,000. Mahan Hamilton, who scored in "Daddy LongLegs" with Mary Pickford, will bethe Blue Grass hero of the play andHBaa"a"mm"1i,'-4HpBofatOUTFITTERSDeliveryHinton Co. fKy.Day phone 3Nlzht : . . 56or Home 286i?Cr"'WytiniiimjjtAnita Stewurt, the Kentucky girl,heonne.-ressamine Journal.' 0WOOL WANTED.JUt V marktt pfict Ur ywool. Sacks ready. We receivewool at both our North MMdletown and Paris warehouses, nn CLARKE & YOUNG.(apr22-tf) wri.GETTING BEADY FOB "BIG T?nA dispatch from ta.says the moonshiners have formed aunion and fixed a standard price forLueir proauct, which has heretoforebeen sold as high as the traffic wouldstand. Report comes that therewere never such preparations fordistilling the dangerous stuff andthat it will require an army of deputy marshals to even make a show of 'prevention.- .- -... 1UH-BBnaYKyaH2nHaaaaaaWoS9Hr9IIHb1okoTFRIDAY, JUNE 27, 1919.THE BOUBBOK NEWS, EABXS, EEHTBCOPAGEHVECOR THE 8ESTNOTHING ELSEWAIST SEAMS STYLESFor young men. A special showing this week in dark fabrics andblue serges $35 to $50.J. W. DAVIS & CO.O2EMEMBER, OPPOSITE COTJETHOUSE SUMMER GOODSIN VAEIETY.Porch Shades, Porch Rugs, PorchChairs, all at special prices.A. F. "WHEELER & CO.,(27-tf) Opp. Court House.oGET TEACHERS' CERTIFICATES.The following from Bourbon county took the examination for teachers' certificates before County Superintendent B. F. Edwards and assistants, in Richmond, Tuesday: ClaraSmith and Lavina Jordan. Certificates were granted to thirty-five applicants. -, oMELONS ON ICE.Fine Geogia watermelons and delicious canteloupes on ice.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.oHAIL INSURANCE.Tobacco hail insurance.McClure & Donaldson.june24-lf) -r-- OGOOD ROADS MEETING.A meeting of those interested ingood roads in Bourbon county willbe held in the County Court room&t 10:00 a. m. to-morrow, Saturday,June 28. The call is signed by Jno.T. Collins and Catesby Spears. Allinterested in the good roads movement are urged to be present.COMES TO PARIS.Mr. J. A. Daugherty, who has forseveral years been head clerk at theGlyndon Hotel, in Richmond, has resigned his position and moved toParis to reside. Mr. Daugherty hasaccepted a position with one of theParis oil companies. He is succeeded at The Glyndon by Mr. GeorgeTudor, formerly with the J. D. Purcell Co., in Lexington,oTEACHERS' EXAMINATION.Examinations will be held to-dayand to-morrow at the office ofCounty Superintendent of Schools J.B. Caywood, in the court house, forcolored school teachers.Checks due school census-takersare now ready for distribution. Superintendent Caywood requests theteachers to call at his office and bewaited on.YOUTHFUL FORGER IN TOILS.Louis Tyree, a young white boy,who has been in trouble before, wasarrested by Patrolman Lusk, Wednesday, on a charge of forgery.It was alleged that young Tyre hadforged the name of Mr. L. A. Soperto a check for seven dollars, whichhe had cashed at the pool room of N.A. Moore & Co. Mr. Moore did aotknow the check was no good untilafter young Tyree was taken intocustody. Tyree was taken beforeCounty Judge Baterton, who gavehim until Saturday night to makegood the amount. Mr. Soper refusedto prosecute the case, ' ijHAIL INtURANCE.t Insure your tobacco againstHail withYERKES & PEED.Prompt and satisfactory adjustments, ,Qune20-tf) ""i - - - oCONFERENCE REGARDINGSTEEETS. . ..As a result of a conference heldhere Wednesday between Mayor January, members of the Street Improvement Committee of the ParisCity Council and Mr. L. W.JJohnson,of Memphis, the work of repairingMain street, from Tenth to Second,will begin in about three weeks.Mr. Johnson, who represents theSouthern Bitulithic Company, agreedto have the repairs made by the citynut nf mntAriflls furnished by hisCompany, who would pay the expenseIncidental txr a successful completion of the work.o-THINGS TO WOBXY ABOTOA group of public-spirited citizens,supplemented by tSie local papers, endeavored to aroisse public sentimentand interest in the patriotic celebration of the Glorious Fourth ofJuly in Paris . The movement wentdown inglonously; because the public could not be stirred up and interest was lacking. And to t pointout the opposite, the dead walls'inParis are ornamented with flamingposters advertising Fourth of Julycelebrations in Mt. Sterling'ana Winchester. In nearly all the surrounding towns the'great day is to be appropriately observed. Yet Paris hasto stay in the rear, despite the earnest and well-meant efforts of thosewho tried hard to get up interest ina celebration.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Misses Mary Kenney Webberand Elmeta Hinton have returnedfrom a visit to Mr. and Mrs. HenryC. Prewitt, in Mt. Sterling.Mrs. Harry Stivers and children,of Chattanooga, Tenn., were recentguests of relatives in this city. Theyhave been visiting relatives in Lexington and Georgetown.Miss Nellie Cain has returnedto Cincinnati, to resume her positionwith the McAlpin Co., after a visit ofseveral weeks to her parents Mrand Mrs. W. J. Cain, in this city.Mr. and Mrsfi Frank Shacklefordand son, Earl, and Miss Mattie Hite,all former Paris people, who havebeen residing in Cincinnati severalyears, have moved to Hamilton, O.Mr. Sello Wollstein attended themusical recital given in Cincinnatilast night by his cousin, Mr. JulesFalk, the talented violinist. MrFalk has appeared here in recitalsseveral times.Mr. Bernard J. Santen, who hasrecently returned from overseaswhere he was a member of the American Expeditionary Force, will resumed his former position as payingteller in the First National Bank, inthis city.Miss Josephine Hayden, who hasbeen an instructor in the School forthe Deaf, located at Jacksonville,Illinois, has arrived in Paris to spendthe summer with her parents, Mr.and Mrs. J. W. Hayden, on Henderson street.Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Mallory anddaughter, Miss Opal Mallory, of thiscity, attended the eightieth birthday anniversary of Mrs. Mallory's father, Mr. J. A. McCord, which wasappropriately observed at the homeplace in Fleming county, Sunday.Miss Janie Marsh, who has beenvery ill Qf typhoid fever at the homeof her parents, Mr. and Mrs. B. B.Marsh, in East Paris, has been removed to the Massie Memorial Hospital, where she has been placed under the care of trained nurses.Miss Frances Armstrong, whohas been the attractive guest of Mr.and Mrs. Wm. Myall, is now visitingrelatives in Mason county. She willgo to Washington, D. C, next week,to take a position as a member of theclerical force in the United StatesWar Risk Insurance Bureau.Mr. and Mrs. C. O. Hinton andMrs. Chas. P. Cook are in Rochester,Minn., where Mr. Hinton and Mrs.Cook will receive treatment in thMayo Bros.' Hospital. Mrs. Wm. G.McClintock and Mrs. Peale Collierleft yesterday for the same place,where they will consult specialists.Mrs. Robert M. Hopkins andson, Robert, have returned to theirhome in Covington, after spendingseveral weeks as guests of friends andrelatives in Paris and the county,while Mr. Hopkins was making atour of Palestine and the Holy Land.Mr. Hopkins is expected to returnhome early next week.Mr. Preston White, son of Mr.and .Mrs. Frank P. White, of thiscity, has gone to Cleveland, Ohio,where he has secured a position witha large automobile manufacturingcompany. He will return in the fallto resume his studies in the Electrical and Mechanical College of theUniversity of Kentucky. jTHE NEWS received a postcardyesterday from former Parisian, Edward Hite, Deputy State Fire Marshal, who is attending the NationalConvention of Fire Chiefs', at Kansas City, Mo .Mr, Hite was accompanied, 1Z Chief Jess, of Lexington,&hd other officials interested m nreprevention and departments,Danville Messenger: "MissesSue and Alma Van Meter have returned from Paris, where they werethe guests of their sister, Mrs. JohnWoodford, . vMt. Jblin Milton-' Vn7Meter Is in Paris, the guest of hisdaughter, Mrs. John WoodfordMrs. Johns, matron of K. C. W., isspending her vacation at her homein Paris." j , , .- Cynthiana Democrat: "Mrs.Henry Hatterick and daughter,Anita, and Miss Edith Barlow, ofParis, spent Tuesday in Lexingtonwith Mrs. J. W. ThompsonMrs. Carrie Curran is at her sister'sin Paris, where she came from Winchester. She had been quite sick,but was improving nicely until Sunday, when she suffered a relapse . .Mrs. Feafl M. Miller is spending awppVt with her sister. Mrs. W. E.Cook, in Bourbon county. She willalso visit friends in Millersburg andParis before returning home."One of the most delightful socialevents of an otherwise dull week wasthe bridge party given by Miss Charlotte Henry, at the home of her parents, Dr. and Mrs. D. S. Henry, onCypress street, in compliment to hermo5t Miss Frances Reagan, of He-lena, Arkansas. At the conclusionof the games refreshments consistingof brick ice cream, cakes and mintswere served. The prize for the highest score, a sweetgrass basket, wasawarded to Mrs. Hiram Roseberry.The guests for the delightful occasion were: Misses Frances Reagan,Patsy Clarke, Elizabeth Tarr, Charlina Ball, Sara Louise Bedford, MaryAdams Talbott, Agnes Turner, Frances Armstrong, Katherine Wilson,Nancy Griffith, Margaret Griffith andMargaret Ferguson; Mesdames Hiram Roseberry, Waller Dalby, Woodford Daniel, Jams Thompson, John0, -JM. Stuart, John Bower and w. &.Patton, and Misses Charlotte and Elizabeth Henry.Mrs. Jerry Keller has returnedto her home in Winchester after avisit to relatives in this city.Mrs. Louis Mitchell and daughter, Josephine, of Mt. Sterling, areguests of relatives in this city.Miss Alice Behrman, of Newport,is a guest of her sister, Mrs. J. W.Bacon, and Mr. Bacon, at theirhome on Cypress street in this city.Mr. W. E. Cassity, of Weststreet, was taken to the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, Wednesday, suffering from kidneytrouble and complications.Mr. James Collins, of Maysville,was a business visitor in Paris yesterday. Mr. Collins, who was formerlyCity Attorney of Maysville, is nowinterested in the oil business.Mrs. Jack Wilson, of Paris, underwent an operation at the MassieMemorial Hospital, Wednesday. Shewas reported yesterday as doing verywell.Mr. David Pence, aged seventytwo, a prominent farmer of theNorth Middletown vicinity, is seriously ill of stomach trouble andother complications.Mr. J. A. Squires, tobacco auctioneer, of this city, has gone toAyner, South Carolina, where he willconduct the opening sales of tobaccofor the 1919 crop on July 1.Mr. J. W. Glover, of Williamstown, was in Paris yesterday, in theinterest of the Carlsbad Springs, atDry Ridge, in Grant County. This resort has been extensively patronizedby Paris and Baurbon county people.Miss Sue Boardman, of Paris, isa member of the University of Kentucky Alpha Phi Delta fraternity,who are spending a ten-days' vacation at Park Lake, near Flemingsburg. Mrs. Swift Champ is expectedhome to-morrow from Philadelphia,where she has been for the past threeweeks a guest of Mrs. P. H. Lane.The last week of her stay Mrs.Champ was a guest of Miss AugustaGlass, in Washington, D. C.Mrs. Bernard Santen, assistedher sister, Miss Margaret Benckart,in entertaining with a six-o'clockdinner Tuesday evening, at the latter's home in Lexington. The eventwas in honor of the bridal party ofMiss Gertrude Harrington and Mr.Frederick Benckart, whose weddingwas celebrated Wednesday morning.The condition of Mr. UsseryWilder, son of Mr. and Mrs. GeorgeWilder, who was seriously injured inan automobile accident some daysago, was reported yesterday as beingvery much improved. It is thoughthe will be able to be moved from theMassie Memorial Hospital to his homein a few days, if he continues to improve at the present rate. Mr. Russell Roberts, another victim of thesame accident, is also improving, andwill be able to leave the Hospitalsoon. Miss Carolyn Roseberry, thethird victim, was reported yesterdayas improving.(Other Personals on Page 3.)oHOME SERVICE CHAPTER OF THEAMERCIAN RED CROSSThe Home Service Chapter of theAmerican Red Cross, with offices inthe Bourhon-Agricultural Bankbuilding, at the corner of Main andBroadway, will be open each dayfrom two to four o'clock, p. m. Mrs.Walter Payne, secretary of the localChapter, is prepared to give information concerning bonuses, compensations, delayed allotments, conversion of war risk insurance, additional traveling allowance and vocational training for disabled soldiers.Any soldier or family of a soldierwho eaay have matters in which theyare interested explained to them arerequested to call at the Red CrossHome Service rooms during the aboveoffice hours.LostA gold bar pin, setwitt smallpearls and smeralds. Intrinsicallythis pih is of ho great Value, butmeans much to the ownf on accountof being a present from a loved onenow gone. A suitable reward willbe given for its return to this office.WantedAntique Mahoga-ny Furniture,Sideboard, Grandfather's Clock andDavenport. Call Cumberland Phone135, Paris. Ky. (27-2t)LostSomewhere on the streets of Paris,a plain silver wrist watch, on ablack ribbon. Finder will be rewarded by returning same toMRS. HUME PAYNE,R. F. D. 2, Paris, Ky.Cumb. phone 155-W(27-tf)Celery PlantsFine lot of Celery Plants of suchbrands as Self-Bleaching, WhitePlume and Giant Pascal, at 50 centsper dozen.(27-2t) LAVIN & CONNELL.LostPurple bag containing valuablejewelry, between Frankfort andGeorgetown, or Georgetown and Lexington. Return, to Mrs. W. L. Petty,240 Rhodes avenue, Lexington, andreceive liberal reward.(27-3t)!KiHARRY SIMON'SDressesFor Mvery Summer NeedWhether you are planning a trip or expect to stay intown, this showing of beautf ul dresses will interest you.And the prices are very alluring when quality and cutare considered.Georgette Crepein white and colors, daintily embroidered and beaded, showingall the newest touches. Ideal for afternoon and evening wear.Evening Gownsin Taffeta and Tulle- all shades.IiV1 i1 Prices Range from $15.00 Up ;S iHARRY SIMON224-228 West Main St., Lexington, Ky: 1... u Main Street, Paris, Ky. IIjpfluflimu in in m m1 i ..-jS iBHBL mVP tut Pf8 1 Mrs. HomeloVer says: A :: -- ElI THE d. T. HINTON GO. . S WI i ?..'''d jjjj has the most complete stock m ' EI I from which to get your Es tin " RI Furniture, Rugs, Linoleums, EPhongraphs and Wail Paper EI and that they save you jj 1I I . money. She will tell you8 K some more next issue. k EjI s SB1 1 ', .' I - 11 1 ISB " 019 '"' - - - -"" T--"-- I3 m. "31 qITHE J. T. HINTON CO.II MOTOR HEARSE MOTOR INVALID COACH UNDERTAKING 1I "EITHERPHONE" 36 SIXTH AND MAIN STS. BjIK!Street and Traveling Dressesof Taffeta, the most practical and stylish of costumes.new iricolette Sport Suits.Voiles and Organdiesin all the wanted color combinationns cool summer dresses thatare indispensable.XIAlso the;::;f ?AGE srs:uri;a33R&WBiTHE BOTJEBOIT . NEWS, PAEIS, KENTUCKYITS ParserFRIDAY, JUNE 27, 1919."HDaily Deliveries Are MadeByTRACTION EXPRESSKy. Traction & TerminalCo.INTEETJEBAN SCHEDULELexington Por,; PansA. M. 6.00x7:208:50M. 10:20M. 11.50CARS LEAVEM.M.A.A.A.A.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.A.A. M.A. M.A. M.Paris PorLexinetonM. 6:457:15x8:159:451:202:504:206:007:209:10A. M. 11:15P. M. 12:45P. M. 2:15P. M. 11:00(x) DailyP. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M. 10:05except Sunday.3:455:156:508:15KENTUCKY TEACTION AND TERMINAL COMPANYtODISouthern Optical Co.Incorporatedt:Manufacturers of Perfect-FittingSPECTACLES ANDEYE GLASSESKryptoks Artificial EyesInvisible Bifocal Lens4th & Chestnut Sts.,LOUISVILLE, KY.fflffliPOISONLIKE UNTOVernon of SnakesProfessor H. Strauss, M. D.; of theRoyal Charity Hospital, says, "Thecause for an attack of gout, rheumatism,lumbago, is supplied by the increase ofuric acid in the blood serum, the resultof various causes, the most frequent ofwhich is renal. Before an attack, onesuffers sometimes from headache, neuralgia, twinges of pain here and there.''When your kidneys feel like lumps oflead, when the back hurts or the urineis cloudy, full of sediment, or you areobliged to seek relief two or three timesduring the night; when you suffer withsick Headache, or di&zy, nervous spells,acid stomach; or you have rheumaticpains or lumbago, gout, sciatica whenthe weather is bad, do not neglect thewarning, but try simple means. Takesix or eight glasses of water during theday, then obtain at your nearest drugstore 'An-uric' (anti-uric acid).This is the discovery of Dr. Pierce ofthe Invalids' Hotel, Buffalo, N. Y. "Anuric" is an antidote for this uric acidpoisoning and dissolves uric acid in thebody much as hot coffee dissolves sugar."Anuric" will penetrate into the jointsand muscles, and dissolve the poisonou?accumulations. It will stamp out toin-Send 10 cents to Dr. Pierce's InvaliuHstel, Buffalo, N.Y., for trial packageLEXINGTON CLAIMS TO HAVEHAUNTED HOUSE.NUMBER OP GAS WELLS IN KENTUCKY INCREASINGZaS SiurtonsI Confcct ionery Store 1Successor to Adami &13anti.1iKIXIKIKAGENT POR M. BOLDMANUEL, COUNSELOR,AND S0NADA CIGARSAdami's Famous Recipe formaking delicious Ice Cream, JJSoda Water and Mixed '.Drinks still used.Bulk Ice Cream(Made from Pure Cream) xdelivered for home use.A recent report from Magoffincounty is to the effect that more than2,500,000 cubic feet of natural gasis being piped from that county bythe Bed Rock Oil Company and theUnion Oil & Gas Company. Drillingfor oil and gas in this county hasbeen active for the past few months,and only recently these companiescompleted these gas wells which arenow supplying the domestic consumers of Louisville a-nd other Kentuckycities with gas. Until recently thegas produced from the Kentuckyfields was not considered of an equalquality with that produced in WestVirginia, but with the increasednumber of gas wells that have beencompleted In Kentucky, the industry lately has attracted much attention, the output from a number ofthe wells being used by the gas companies at the present time for consumption in Kentucky.oTO PREVENT BELCHINGMake a regular habit of eatingslowly, masticate your food thoroughly, and you may have no furthertrouble. If you should, take one ofChamberlain's Tablets immediatelyafter supper.(june-adv)otain pen a Holstein is because it certainly gives a lot of milk.Fancy Ices for Parties jHIGH CLASS BOXCANDIES.For the BEST, Sec Us,IFRANK BURTON1Xr.KSafe InvestmentsYielding from4kfo to lfoMi fir OirtettanstMit ListJAMES C.WILLS0N& CO.210 S. Fiftl St. LIIISIILIE, KY.V4'&v!fy vt w-Economy to Hot.IftInQ'- 1 tHealth aM Purse $follow a change frqia'coffee to the Americantable drink 'stum Cereal&.A rich, full-bodiedbeverage boiled fullfifteen minutes afterboiling begins. Pureand free -from theaere impairing drug,caffeinecTwo sizes, usually sold at I5c and 25c.At Grocers'Everywbwe!hiAn old, substantial brick residence,located on one of the principal thoroughfares in Lexington, has beenconsidered a haunted house eversince the War of the Rebellion. Oldcitizens claim that during1 the wara wounded Union soldier, who hadmet his fate in the battle of Richmond, and who was being taken careof by the family that then lived inthe house, was brutally murdered bya Southern sympathizer in the cellar of the residence. Ever sincethen, so the story goes, there havebeen uncanny doings and mysterious.noises seen and heard in this oldmansion at regular intervals of sixmonths apart. At these times, whenthe families occupying the housewould be at supper, lights left in theliving room and other parts of thehouse would be extinguished, a-ndsounds, very much like the groans ofa person in agony, could be distinctly heard. No one ever saw anything other than, this until a fewevenings ago. The family that hasbeen occupying the house for the pastthree months, and who did not knowof the supposed existence of this peculiar ghostship, were sitting at theirtable eating supper at about 6:45o'clock. The parlor had been lighted, up, as there was some young companyvisiting the house, and the lamp wasbrightly burning in the living room.The servant girl had occasion to gointo the parlor and living room during the progress of the meal, andwhen she returned, she exclaimed:"Miss Sallie, who dun blode out demlights in yor room an' in de parlor?"Miss Sallie did not know, of course,and before the astonished householdcould ever recover from their surprise, deep groans were heard as ifcoming from the living room, whichwas separated from the dining roomby the folding doors. The groansgrew louder and more agonizing intheir tones, until suddenly the folding doors opened backward, and inthe center of the threshold the nowthoroughly freightened family andfriends beheld a sight which is usu-.;ally supposed to freeze the blood withterror. There stood the form of aman with his hands uplifted, and heseemed enveloped in a white gauze,through which could be seen a bloodyand apparently bleeding breast. Theapparition only remained in sight ofthe terror-stricken people but a fewseconds, and slowly disappeared inthe gloom of the darkened room behind it.The supper was left unfinished,and there was no sleep in that housethat night. The -next morning thehead of the household notified hisbusiness partners that he would notbe at the office that day, and beforenight he had secured another house,into which he moved his family thenext day. This story was given bya neighbor and a friend of the family,who is a thoroughly reliable man,and says that every word of it istrue.Middle AgedWomeiv,Are Here Told the Best Remedyfor Their Troubles.Freemoct, O. "I was passing through the criticalperiod of life, being forty-six years of age and bad allthe symptoms incident to that change neatr ilasnes,nervousness, and was in a general run down condition, (so it was hard for me to do my work Lydia E. Pink-ham's Vegetable Compound was recommended to me asthe best remedy for -my troubles,which it surely provedto be. I feel better and stronger in every way sincetaking it, and the annoying symptoms have disappeared." Mrs. M. Godden, 925 Napoleon St., Fremont,Ohio.North Haven, Conn. "Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound restored my health after everything elsehad failed when passing through change of life. Thereis nothing like it to overcome the trying symptoms."Mrs. Flobence Isblla,Box 197, North Haven, Conn,v ypftVj.J. "JHLYDIA E. PINKHAM'SVEGETABLE COMPOUNDiSQ&i&Bl dLYDIA E.PINKHAM MEDICINE CO. LYNN.MASSSENT A HURRY CALL.CATARRHAL DEAFNESS CANNOTBE CUBEDBy local application, as they cannotreach the diseased portion of the ear.There is only one way to curecatarrhal deafness, and that is by aconstitutional remedy. Catarrhaldeafness is caused by an inflamedcondition of the mucous lining of theEustachian Tube. When this tube isinflamed you have a rumbling soundor imperfect hearing, and when it isentirely closed, deafness is the result.Unless the inflammation can be reduced and this tube restored to itsnormal condition, hearing will bedestroyed forever. Many cases ofdeafness are caused by catarrh whichis an inflamed condition of the mucous surfaces. Hall's Catarrh Medicine acts through the blood on themucous surfaces of the system.We will give one hundred dollarsfor any case of Catarrh Deafness thatcannot be cured by Hall's CatarrhMedicine. Circulars free. All Druggists, 75 c.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio,(june-adv)GEESE AS WATCH DOGSNo domesticated birds are so faithful, so interesting, so intelligent asgeese. They revel in the socity ofthose who own them in remote partsof Ireland and Scotland the geeseshare the family hearth. This is oneof their strongest characteristics.They love to pass the night near thehomestead. They do not -need awarm, comfortable building to sleepin; they are quite contented, happy,and healthy if allowed to sit downoutside the back jdoor. They are lightsleepers. A stranger cannot approachwithin a hundred yards or so without their hearing him and screamingat the top of their shrill voices.j..uey wiu orcen wander a fwmiles during the day, but they willfaithfully return in the evening.You will find them punctual. They'will time themselves to be back justas daylight is fading, and at the:hour at which you generally get upin the morning they will see to 4tthat you are called. They will knockat the door and at the windows, too,if they can reach them, and everyfew minutes they wilLscream. Theyare as reliable as an alarm clock. -dLAME BACK RELIEVED.For a lame back apply Chamberlain's Liniment twice a day and massage the muscles of the back over theseat of pain thoroughly at each application. (june-adv)A hurried call has lately come tothe College of Agriculture fromWhitley County. The wire statedeither "take-all" or "flag-smut" wasbe present in wheat fields and expert advice was needed at once. MissMabel Roe, specialist in plant diseases, was sent to investigate and report to the Extension Division andWashington.These two new foreign diseaseshave made their appearance in theUnited States this year and UncleSam is striving to locate every outbreak. In a late issue of the WeeklyNews Letter of the Department ofAgriculture, Uncle Sam says:"The damage to Tennessee andMissiouri wheat was caused by insectravages, scab, a-nthracnose and rust.The "take-all" disease, which wasfirst discovered in Madison County,111., has not been found elsewhere,except in Sangamon and MadisonCounties, 111., and Laporte, Porterand Tippecanoe and Jasper counties,Ind."Furthermore, we might be willingto board a mocking bird if it wouldplay only when we wound it up.?I LEMON JUICEFOR FRECKLES !I,ii ii Girls! Make beauty lotion lor! a few cents Try; It! I1 . . . . . .-. , iSqueeze the juice Of two lemonsinto a bottle containing three ouncesfo orchard white, shake well, andyou have a quarter pint of the bestfreckle and tan lotion, and complexion beautifier, at very,, verysmall cost.Your grocer has the lemons andany drug store or toilet counterwill supply three ounces of orchardwhite for a few cents. Massagethis sweetly f ragraht lotion into theface, neck, arms and hands each dayand see how freckles and blemishesdisappear and how clear, soft androsy-white the skin becomes. Yes!It is harmless and never irritates.(aprl8-tf-F)FORDWorm DriveCovered Express Body$450REPUBLIC1 1 -2 Ton ChassisNewly Painted and Overhauled$1500Write for Our List ofUsed True GvcialsHarry P. KollvJOi?J?-btiIor SB&arto&imiUCKS10IO GUberfAtlXiiicintiali.O:J r 7 .?". Hiflita jS iiHnou33F'":?'iyyhjflThe ImprovedMcCORlICBINDERThey are scarce and the dealers andjobbers are 'way behind with their orders.If you want the best, a McCORMICK, buyNOW'while we have them.The Best Binder Twinein the World.C S. Bail GarageFourth and Pleasant Streets,JK' v j iOneDropxBourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4West Fifh Street.,BturboriPoultryRmtfy- ', T " trr iA 'few dmno In f hovUIU)drinklns? ' water " cores , '3 A DCK!.ana prevents wmto. &j-a Afdiarrhoea, cholera "and other chickdiseases. One 0c-bottle' makes 11gallons of medicine. Pint bottle,price $1.20, makes 33 gallons. Atdragnrists, or sent by mail DostnaicLBourbon Remedy Co., Lexington, Ky.I.SATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest imDrove-WJ. Jbrte $2 . mepts.m laundry appliancesteL-sL' "a prepared to do work infe-.-TSSsSrM nor to none and solicitar . . your Dajjr60---!trw&ofc JPA"IIjXIXIXIXyour patronage.The Bourbon LaundrjrParis, KentuckyXIXIXIXIXIXIf .-VFRIDAY, JUNE 27, 1919.THE BOU&BOH NEWS," PABIS, KENTUCKYpagi sirar&The next timeyou buy calomelask forThey do more thanplease your tastetliey satisfy!"-r,lalotabsThe purified and refinedcalomel tablets that arenausealess, safe and sure.Medicinal" virtues retained and improved. Soldonly in sealed packages.Price 35cEEAN MILK NOT A MATTER OPSINE BARNS.Tlie Kentucky Division of Extension tells this story about Prof.Nicholls, and nis work:"Several years ago the huge dairyherd of J. B. Haggin, at Lexington,wras housed and handled to produceperfect milk. However, the marvelous barn and the intricate and costlymilk house did not always producecertified milk that would stand thetest."Mr. Nicholls' barn and milk liousewere very plain structures. Thewriter, while in the barn, asked,'How can you keep your bacterialcount low enough when your walls,studding and joists are all of roughlumber?'"Mr. Nicholls smiled and said,'It's only a matter of plenty of whitewash and constant dusting.'"The Haggin barn, with its tiledwalls and concrete floors, did nothave the proprietor's thought behindit. The Nicholls' plain oak barn didhave this thing, which alwayscounts."oThe co-eds do not use profanewords, so there! and they are willing to swear to it.ROBERT GOLDSMTTTTAuthor of "A League lo Enforce dress here, divulges the Inside of thePeace," authority on international Peace problem, explains Bolshevism,politics, noted lecturer and publicist; land discusses the "League of Nations."ecturer for Rockefeller Peace Poun-!11?601-" "America an the Newlation. Doctor Goldsmith in his adufP; " " 'Aetna-AutoICombination PoliciesProtect Against Jok FireTheftCollisionProperly DamageLiability0. W. WASSAM.Lecturer for the opening night atChautauqua. One of the most vigorous, eloquent and popular of Chautauqua speakers. Lectures on, "The Secret of Power."And OtherCasualties!A. J. FEEAGENTHOMEKILLEDMEATSVeal BeefPork LambIt's the BestTo Be HadKENNARD BARRADELL.Mr. Barradell is a leading memberof the Pinafore cast that is to sing thefamous light opera at the local Chautauqua. He sings the role of Sir Joseph Porter. He possesses a beautiful tenor voice, having sung in lightand grand opera for years. He hasalso made an enviable reputation asa comedian.Pinafore is greatest of all the lightoperas sung in English, and its songsand melodies have been sung andwhistled around the world. TheDa vies Opera Company which puts outhe production here is an all-star organization; fourth night of the Chautauqua.MICKIE SAYS1 iMflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat Market7)0CE PLEJKSE ffcKE. OUTTHM" "FOR SALE" AD OFMhiE .GHT M4M SOLDTHE REF.CrR.AToa aEFOREKVAE PfcPER HAD BEEN OUTTNNO HOURS, BUT PEOPLEKEEP CALLING UP OH THETELEPHONE OR R.NGN(JThe door bell and nshTO CxOOONESS KMENN-SOME VJAN TO STOP THBfA?Ul DONNN M.L "CHE (SHW6S, LOCK THEDOOR AN' OpNftANSY4E. THE phoneN k?f R V4HLE THEN)VNLL Q.IMT THENSUL pDS OF OURS AREEAS1 TO STRT, &VJf-CHEN MNft NO NNANOF STOPPN(r fctAJfo). WhjssaaWf3uoBBBBBK&gwls&i?jBjHaaaaajE&ILY': WATERMAN.Miss Waterman is a specialist inmaking folks laugh. Her droll storiesand impersonations have been heardand enjoyed throughout America, theBritish Provinces, China and JapanShe will be heard at the local Chau-1 tauqua heading her company, thoEmily Waterman Concert Party; second day.ijjSfe vW L- As v J 2 BBBBBBHELIZABETH HUNT.The American Red Cross, represented on the Chautauqua here by MissElizabeth Hunt is co-operating withthe local Red Cross Chapters in a nation-wide"Better Health" campaign.Miss Hunt is an American Red Crossnurse who served with distinction inFrance and in Italy, and recently aschief nurse in one of the prominentAmerican war hospitals. Miss Huntspeaks on the sixth afternoon of theChautauqua.Famous Old Scottish Song."The Blue Bells of Scotland" isnot only popular in the land ofthe thistle, of which it sings, but ithas an international appeal. It waswritten by Miss Annie Mc Vicar, ayoung Scottish woman, who spent considerable of her early life in America. The occasion which promptedthe words of this song was the departure of the Marquis of Huntleyfor the continent with his regimentin 1799.The music to which Miss McVicar's poem has been set Is severalhundred years old, and it was rescuedfrom oblivion by Mr. Fitzgerald, towhom the world owes a great debt ofgratitude for his untiring work in thisdirection.Brave and Unyielding Freedom.The liberty which our fathers plant-fed, and for which they sturdily contended, and under which they grandljconquered, Is a rational and temperate,but brave and unyielding, freedom;the august mother of institutions; ththardy nurse of enterprise; the swornally of justice and order ; a libertythat lifts her awful and rebuking facequally upon the cowards who woulisell, and the braggarts who would peivert, her precious gifts of rights anobligations. Edwin P. Whipple. Vs 1f"wmL vpBFSKMHBwo am wMMWffifrNOTEMoisture-proofpackage keepsthem firm andfresh, whateverthe weather.Chesterfields ' let you in" on an entirelynew kind of cigarette enjoymentThey not only please your taste, but theydo something else besides. ""Know what a big, juicy beefsteak does foryour hunger?Well, Chesterfields do exactly the samething for your smoking. They touch the"smoke-spot" They let you know you'resmoking. They SATISFY!The blend does it And the blend is themanufacturer's secret Unlike a patent, itcannot be copied or even closely imitated.If you want a smoke that really "satisfies"ask for "Chesterfields."Lwx&rVtvtStxco CosChesterfieldCI GARETTESof Turkish and Domestic tobaccos - blendedt fay &0RUGGLES I16 Bank Row, Paris, Ky. " .to: IsttiSft''--- , - P ,-, - rpn. 'u"ja . v xfr-"THE BOUEBON MEWS, PABIS, KENTUCKY 'srHSt'i 'PAGE EIGHTFRIDAY, JUNE 27, 111$,THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMOADMISSION FRIDAY AND SATURDAYAdults Ticket 27c; War Tax 3c-30cChildren Ticket 9c; War Tax 1 c 1 0cTO-DAY, FRIDAYt-ttjtrcrgusonin "THE MARRIAGE PRICE"She was a poor girl. She married a millionaire. He reallyloved her. Nothing unusual about that, you say? No? Thenyou have a great surprise coming. Get the family together toenjoy it.ALSORuth Roland "The Tigers TrailCowboys, bandits, adventure, treachery, heroism, thrills!JAZZ ORCHESTRATO-MORROW, SATURDAYPauline Frederickin "ONE WEEK OF LIFE"Seven days in a paradise of love! The time was limited,but passions run amuck! See magnificent Pauline Frederick in"One Week of Life.' ' It's a Gold wyn picture one of the bigdramatic successes of the year.Also Fox Sunshine Comedy"THE FATAL MARRIAGE'7MONDAY, JUNE 30thMary Pickfordin "HEARTS ADRIFTShe was the only woman who had ever set foot on thatdesert isle. He the only man. Thrown together by the hand offate and a stormy sea they fell in love, giving up all hope or desire for rescue. But the man's wife, loving him and yearningfor him, searched the four corners of the earth for him andYou can't afford to miss Mary Pickford in "Hearts Adrift."'Arbuckle Comedy, 'Tatty Arbuckle in Love"Brewer's Musical EntertainersSinging and Playing Afternoon and Evening.JAZZ ORCHESTRA(MttmMMmHMMitfmtt9tie9ttitiCl3MMMtttgHtfMiMttiMMi2sSs?5fc.ill2FB& . h-:!8gr terror ??.. 'in-v x. tm&ss - r, " 'iMrJ& A ,0 v. -.-,Z& CjT;. ii ' "ij ?w: .- tVLzr"-AvJ- W ,TT' liiiiriBi " V 8P v,b xf v " " ' T rV'K'1?? " '4-3H"?- -" X ' v. . l 5K ." .a Jv.wto visv "v f;v.w. j. .jLIGHT OPERA PINAFORE TO BE SUNG HERE.Miss Gertrude Portser, widely tercup," in Pinafore, the celebratedknown contralto and comedienne, will i light opera to be sung here the fourth,sing the comedy role o "Little But-night of Chautauqua.HWMIMUMXCHAUTAUQUA TTTTV fi-WHITE & MYERS SYSTEM U U J X UOpera House One Week, CommencingDR. E. E. VIOLETTE TL MARIE VAN GASTEL"The Sunset Trail" I Illb Belgian War NurseA Big Pans Favorite. THE NVASION OF BELGIUM"Pinafore, Tuneful Light Opera vhailtaUqiia Corneling's Old Colonial BandDR. J. S. MONTGOMERY brought to Paris at ROBERT GOLDSMITH"Th. Voice of the New Age" a big expense by local: The Leaglle ofNatlons"Baldy W E-tertainer, gft J. p, j, A. Gary0nt of ffoEmily Waterman Concert Party BUY YOUR SEASON21 du i i u vk DtM2un TAS S A MElizabeth Hunt, Red Cross Nurse TICKETS NOW ' "The Secret Power"Season Tickets Now on Sale. Prices: Adults $2.20, Cfiildren $1.10, war tax included4TW. MTT.T.TRSRTTRfi-r-Mr. Henry Patterson and Col."W. M. Layson continue about thesame.Rev. and Mrs. Cox, of Tilton, are- at the bedside of the latter's father,Mr. Henry Patterson, who is very-mMr. and Mrs. Jas. Crump movedto rooms of Mrs. Sue V. Sandusky,,OYer the restaurant of Mr. E. R.Hurst.We are still selling coffee at reasonable prices. Get our prices beSore buying elsewhere.R. M. CALDWELL.' Miss Mary Louise Bruce returned Saturday after a few weeks' visitto her friend, Miss Carpenter, atCovington.Mr. M. E. Pruitt and familywere guests of Mr. DeBell Chanslorand family, of Stanford, from Saturday until Monday.We are still" selling the bestshoes for the money that money can.affords Inspect our stock and youare sure to buy.R. M. CALDWELL.Rev. J. L. Kerr, of King'sMountain, North Carolina, was a.guest of friends here from Wednesday to Thursday. Rev. Kerr was formerly pastor of the Associated Reform Presbyterian church in thiscity.Miss Hancock, of the White &Myers Chautauqua Co., was in Millersimrg from Saturday until Tuesday, in the interest of the Millersburg Chautauqua, which will beginJuly 14th. The president has ap, pointed the following, as chairman' of the following committees: Coml mittee on Advertising, J. C. Leer;Committee on Tickets, E. M. Thoma' son; on Grounds, Dr. F. A. Herbert.Mrs. Norah B. Taylor, of Lexf ington, treasurer of the State W. C.T. U.f spent Monday in Millersburg,aiding in the launching of the Jubilee Drive for money and members.c Some subscriptions were taken several weeks ago, when the SeventhDistrict W. C. T. U. convention W;asneld, "but the campaign has not been' actively in progress since that time.The quota for Millersburg is $300,and more than $100 was raised Monday, Mrs. Taylor said.oHAIL INSURANCE.Insure your tobacco againsthall withYERKES & PEED.Prompt and satisfactory ad-juttmtnis.Vjuueu-u. i , .AND STILL THEY COME!A Hudson seven-passenger car wasoverturned at the "Death Curve,"about four miles from Winchester onthe Lexington pike, Wednesday afternoon, and the passengers had anarrow escape.' They gave theirnames as Misses Mary Wright andMargaret Hafer, of Mt. Sterling, J.E. Jones, Jack Smith, LawrencePiercy and Otho Ritchie, of Lexington. The car was on its way from Lexington. Piercy claims as they neared the curve, Smith, who had beendrinking, took hold of the steeringwheel, causing the car to plungefrom the road. It was overturnedseveral times, according to membersof the party.Smith was bruised and had a badhemorrhage of the nose. Richie's earwas torn practically off and he wasotherwise injured, requiring an anesthetic and an operation. Miss Hafers hand was cut. Others escapedwithout injury. The car was badlydamaged.o .B-4 TIREInsure withW.O-HINTON &SONAgtsoTOBACCO BARN AND CROP DESTROYED BY EIRE.Fire of unknown origin completely destroyed a large tobacco barn, belonging to Mrs. Fannie Summers,near Georgetown. A crop of hempand farming implements, belongingto N. F. .Martin, were also burned.The place was only partly covered byinsurance.Fire. Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanNEWSPAPER CHANGES.G. B. Sneff has sold to his partner,Jacob H. Hedden, Jr., his interest inthe Advocate Publishing Company, ofMt. Sterling. Mr. Hedden will continue to publish the Advocate weekly, and its policy will be on the samelines as formerly pursued. Mr. Senffhas not yet decided whether he willcontinue in the newspaper work, orif he will engage in some other occupation, but in either case he willmake Mt. Sterling his home.ELECTRIC PANS KEEP KOOLAND KOMPORTABLERAINS HELPING CROPS, BUT DErLAYING HARVESTS.Copious rains which have fallen inthis vicinity almost every day thisweek have greatly helped growing-crops-of all kinds and furnished agood season for setting out the rmainder of the tobacco land. Whilethe rains have not been accompaniedby much wind in some sections of tiiecounty some of the wheat has fallenwhich will be lost, as it will be impossible to get under it with thebinder:It is said by some of the farmersthat the wheat crop will prove a disappointment in some- places wherethe heads have not filled out well onaccount of the- cold', rainy weatherwhich prevailed' during the month ofMay.Heavy rains fell' here yesterday afternoon again, lasting well throughthe- latter part of the- day. A traveling man who came from Maysvilleto Paris stated that in the vicinity ofMillersburg the- downpour amountedto almost a cloudburst. Err someplaces the water on- the- pike was upto, the hubs of his machine. For atime the heavy black cloutfe gavepromise of a storm, but it Luckilypassed off in a heavy rain.MONEY RIGHT 'IN YOUR HAHDPOR EGGS, POULTRYAND JUNICHighest cash price for eggs,poultry, hides, and junk.MUNICH & WIDES CO.,(11-tf) Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.Money saved is what counts. Invested in War Savings Stamps itgrows day and night.Largest shipment of Westinghouseelectric fans ever brought to Parishas just been received. All sizes,styles and prices. See the small bedroom fan it is a comfort almost indispensible. PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.(3-tf)INTERESTING STATISTICS SHOWCOST OP AMERICA IN WAR.It took nearly $800,000 an hour,twenty-four hours a day, from April6, 1917, to June 1, 1919, for theUnited States army to put up thefight necessary to beat Germany, Secretary Baker informed the specialHouse Committee, at Washington,investigating War Department expenditures. The figures breaks all spendingrecords -of Government departmentsin the history of the country.The daily expenditure was about$19,000,000, which made a total costin slightly more ttian two years ofmore than $14,000,000. To thatmust be added the expenditures ofthe Navy Department, ShippingBoard and all the special bureaus,besides the increased expense totheregular departments to obtain thetotal war bill of the country.-2SummerJUNESALEFootwearAmazing Values in Stylish Footwear of SurpassingQuality,The people new more than ever- before appreciate thefact that our system of merchandising brings to them theGREATEST BARGAIN OPPORTUNITY IN ALL SHOEDOM.Pumps, Oxfords and ColonialsWHITE FOOTWEARof Every Deli scription atSpe-ctal Low Prices.-..-.. r..., ("'jl--it&Muz tvk. (wnmWP(,Tx?hSalSavings Worthy of Your Immediate AttentionLadies' Dull Kid Pttmps and tfo qqOxfords at ip&.VVLadies' White Sea Island Canvas dji qqPumps at p 1 2 5Ladies7 Dark Taa English Oxfords atLadies' Patent Kid Pumpsat ...,$3.49$1.95Men's White Canvas Oxfords, q acWalk-Overs, at po.4tilMen's Dark Tan English Oxfords, tfr rrbench made, at s0 UUMen's Gun Metal English Oxfords, fcO CAfflSk Walk-Over, at JpO . OUMen's and Boys' Black Shoes and $1 DOOxfords at tJl.JaWALK-OVEROxfords and Pumpsof AH DescriptionsAt Lowest Prices !C &&Misses' and Chilldren's Shoes, Slippers and BarefootSandals at Lowest PricesDAN COHENWhere Beauty and Economy ReignParis' Greatest Shoe Store1V.'-..