&'V"TTHE BOURBON NEWSPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRJTiY IN THE YEAR.v.-r.VOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JUNE 17, 1919INTERESTING OIL NOTESThe Lee-Kent Oil Co., are drilling:on their Poplar Thicket lease and expect to bring in a good well on thistract of land this week.Mr. Charles Wllmoth, who hasbeen in Paris on a short visit, willreturn to-morrow to Munday, Tex.,where he is interested in the oil business. His company has one welldown 2,400 feet and drilling in, thework progressing nicely.The Lane Oil Company, of Paris,announces the purchase of an interest in a tract of 233 acres in theheart of the Scottsville pool in Allencounty, with thirteen producingwells and twenty others for whichdrilling contracts have been let. Thedeal was consumated by 0. T. Hinton,of Paris, general counsel for the company.IN THE SERVICE OP THEIRCOUNTRY.Red Cross workers in the ParisHome Service Section, in the Agriculture Joans uuuaing, have beenauthorized by the War Departmentto assist soldiers in converting theirwar risk insurance into permanentpolicies. Application blanks, samplepolicies and additional informationcan be obtained from, the NationalRed Cross headquarters.HOME SERVICE CAMPAIGN SAL- 0Y SCOUT CAMPAIGN TO BEl BOURBON Cmruvr rmrPTVATTfVKT A-PTUTV TYDTTrc Prc"ReVKrAT orvrrimAmTir I . VU.KJV.N bUtLUIT COURTVATION ARMY DRIVE.Work for the Home Service FundPERSONAL SOLICITATION "The intense heat of Sunday after-The Miftual Oil and RefiningCompany, with a capital stock of5,000,000, has been organized under the laws of Delaware, with offices in the Security Trust CompanyBuilding in Lexington. This company has holdings of much value inEstill and Knox counties and inNorthern Indiana, which it is preparing to operate at once. C. L. Bell,president of the company, has justreturned from Northern Indiana,whehe he has been on an inspectiontour of the oil fields in that State.While there Mr. Bell secured 280acres for the company, in Jay county,in a section that is said to be thoroughly proved. This acreage is divided into four blocks, ranging from25 to 140 acres, and it is reportedthat there are nine producing wellson adjoining leases. The Co-operatingLand and Development Company,it is said, will undertake the operation of these leases, the Mutual Oiland Gas Company retaining a royalty. The incorporators of this newcompany are C. L. Bell, R. W.Strother, of Paris; O. L. Bartlett, ofMaysville; L. G. Campbell, an attorney of Whitley City, and S. V. Brent,of Lexington. C. L. Bell, who is president of the Bourbon Oil and. Development Company and the Co-operat-ins:Land and Development Company, both of which have their officesat Paris, has been elected presidentof the Mutual Oil and Gas Company,and S. V. Brent is secretary andtreasurer.Among recent 'arrivals of UncleSam's men who have been in theoverseas service were LawrenceJames, of Paris, and Scott Woodford,who came in Saturday from their demobilization camps. Mr. James willgo to Port Arthur, Texas, to resumehis former position with the TexasLand & Oil Company, while Mr.Woodford will resume the simple lifeclose to nature on his old home placenear Paris. Both are in excellenthealth and looking fine.of the Salvation Army will start n01x and the growing indifference ofpromptly, in fact has already be- tlw public toward "campaigns" of allgun, an organization for the drive, Jdads will probably account for thewith some of the best men of the lack of interest and attendance at theState in charge, having been per- mass meeting called for Sunday af terfected. News from the State Head- nrocm at the Paris Grand Operaquarters at Lexington, where Col. I. ouse in the interest of the BoySobel is in charge of the State cam-. Scut movement,paign, is to the effect that the out- ' Tnere was a fairly good sized crowdlook for Kentucky going over the Present when the exercises wereton. is PYPPiipnf a,? v.o i,c opened, but is was nlain to rpp thatworthy organization will be given the interest in the campaign wasneeded funds to look after the wants ? , y lukewarm, and that it wouldof returned and returning soldiers as ;rKe sonie senume hustling to putwell as they looked after the firfitinei;?e Quota oyer. After a speech bymen at the front in Europe.Sunday, June 22, will be SalvationArmy Sunday in. all the churches ofKentucky, the ministers having beenDr. Bull, of Louisville, detailing theaims and objects of the drive, a meeting of business men was held, atwnicn it was decided to conduct thePrivate Bernard J. Santen, of Paris,arrived Saturday for a short visit tohis parents. Mr. and Mrs. Henrv tSanten, and family, on Scott avenue. Mr. Santen arrived in NewYork last week after an uneventfuljourney from overseas, where he hadbeen in the service for severalmonths. He will go to Camp Taylor,Tuesday, where he will receive hisfinal discharge papers and return toParis. Mr. Santen was accompaniedby his wife, who went to New Yorkand says Uncle Sam is a good provider.-oiro -,i, 4.T,i i;. r xt. iuiuctigu uu tne personal solicitationwork : of 'thTrmv TlrwS bMb' the work to be undertaken bytSSp n completed Monday, will be taken In aut0mobiles throughWitt u to t.,- - ' the county for the same purpose. TheulL i probleni of establishing county's quota has been placed atboozeless saloons where there is a de- , ?i000, and it is thought that themand for them, finding work for un- amount will be raised without muchemployed soldiers and others who trouble,may want work after the saloon has ! Thfi r.arrmmVn mi,sf oioo tiTi wmtpassed out, there will be plenty of J and it is hoped that anyone who has 'The June term of the Bourbon Circuit Court convened yesterday morning for a two weeks session, withJudge R. L. Stout presiding and theprosecution represented by Commonwealth's Attorney Victor K. BradleyGeorgetwn, and County Attorney d!D. Cline. Following the administering of the oath to Cheriff McClin-iock and. Deputy Sheriffs Gilkey,Marshall and Gibson, the grand jurywas selected and sworn by CircuitClerk W. H. Webb.In his charge to the jury JudgeStout said that the State Legislaturein fixing a term of the Circuit Courtin Bourbon county in the month ofJune certainly did an act whichcould not meet with the approval ofthe farmers. He told them that heknew that every hour lost by themat this time meant a great deal, andappreciating that fact he did not propose to keep them any longer thanwas absolutely necessary. He advised the taking up of a number ofcases of persons confined in jail whowere unable to give bond, and' togive them first consideration. HeDEATH EEVEALS ROMANCE. DTBOURBON MAN'S LIKE.In, connection with the death ofMr. A. Detwiller, which occurred recently at his home in North Middletown, this county, there has come tolight a bit of interesting romance.Mr. Detwiller was born in. Millhaussen, in the province of Alsaom France, so intimately associatednow with the tragic events of thedevastating world war that torethat country from France and gaveit temporarily into the keeping ofthe Huns. He emigrated to this,country when auite a vnim? mabout the time the Civil War wasembroiling this country. He locatedm Cincinnati, where he remained forsome months, and finally decided tocome to Kentucky. He was told thatone of the best locations in the Statefor him would be in North Middletown. He came there and settleddown. While residing there he married Miss Ella Clendenin, an aunt ofMr. Roy Clendenin, of Paris. MrDetwiller was by this time an ardentAmerican and his loyalty was of thepurest kind hp'no- nn v.,,t..jwas pleased to tell them that from cent, without an allovinsr trnnp ttI0 v wvw, AJfcWuse ior tne rund to be raised in this been overlooked by the Boy Scoutsdrive and Commander Evangeline ! will call on either Mr. BucknerBooth and her co-operators at the j Woodford, at Bourbon-AgriculturalPrivate Wm. Wm. C. Rule, of Carlisle, was a recent guest of hiscousin, Mr. Ed. T. Rule, in this city,while en route home for a visit. Private Rule was in France severalmonths and only lately returned onthe overseas trip. He was laid up inthe army hospital at Brest, France,for several weeks, with rheumatism,and afterward at the hospital inNew York. He came to Paris fromFt. Benjamin Harrison, where he wasmustered out of the service. PrivateRule was a member of the ArmyCorps for several months guardingtroop trains.RASPBERRIES.Leave your orders for raspberrieswith us. We get them direct fromthe patch every day.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.RETURN TO OLD RATES OF POSTAGE JULY 1.The Postoffice Department is preparing to return to the old-time postal rates upon first class mail matterJuly 1, according to notice receivedby Postmaster J. Walter Payne. Section 1401 of the Revenue Act of1918, approved Feb. 24, 1919, provides in part as follows:"Section 1100 of the Revenue Actof 1917 is hereby repealed to takeeffect on July 1, 1919, and thereafterthe rate of postage on all mail matter of the first class shall be the sameas the rate in force on Oct, 2, 1917."In compliance with the above provision of -the law, postmasters willdiscontinue the sale of 2-cent postalcards and 3-cent stamped envelopesat the close of business June 30,1919. Postmasters will redeem allunused or undamaged 2-ceht postcards or 3-cent stamped envelopes,printed or unprinted, at full value,provided they are presented by theoriginal purchaser. Two-cent postalcards and 3-cent stamps will be exchanged for stamps or post cards ofa different denomination to be selected by the owner, or may be applied to the payment for 2-cent specialrequest envelopes. No postal cardsor stamped envelopes will be redeemed in cash, and the public will be allowed one month from July 1 inwhich to present their 2-cent cardsand 3-cent stamps for exchange atfull value. After that time expirespostage value only shall be allowedfor the envelopes and three-fourthspostage value for the cards.The exchange of stamps and postcards will not begin until the 1st ofJuly, and it will be useless to take thesupply of cards and stamps you wishto exchange to the postoffice untilthat time, as the postal authoritieswill not be prepared to handle them.After the 1st of July letter postagewill be 2 cents an ounce and postalcards can be bought for a cent.Private Shy Owsley, formerly ofParis, arrived in Paris Friday, fromoverseas, where he had been in theservice as a member of the 80 th Division, ftL, P., and was a guest several days of his brother, Mr. JackOwsley, and Mrs. Owsley, on Seventhstreet. Private Owsley landed in NewYork on May 20, and proceeded toCamp Taylor, where he was givenhis final discharge papers on June11. He detailed some remarkableimpressions of the world-war, andregretted that he did not have achance to go over the top,though hewas in the trenches seven days continuously. Private Owsley left Sunday for hishome in Robertson county.head of the Army are sufficient assurance that it will be properly expended. oGIRL SCOUT EMPLOYMENTBUREAU.The Girl Scouts are offering themselves at twenty-five cents per hourfor work as follows:Gardening, nursing or caring forchildren, staying with sick people, dolight housework, such as wash dishes,dust, or iron handkerchiefs, wait ontable at parties, and run errands anywhere in the city. Errands not requiring over thirty minutes will costten cents. The Scouts can bereached for service every day afterJune 15th from 9 to 12 a. m. andfrom 1:30 to 5:00 p. m. at Homephone pay station Y. M. .C. A., butScouts wil stay at work till dark.None available after 5 p. m., unlesspreviously engaged. Call pay station,Home phone, Y. M. C. A.oWOOL WANTED- WHI pay highest marketprice.. Socks furnished free.Bank & Trust Co., Mr. Rudolph Davis, at the George W. Davis undertaking establishment, or Mr. J. Walter Payne, at the Paris postofficeand leave their subscriptions orpledges. This is not a local campaign, but is a national and nationwide drive, endorsed in person byPresident Wilson and all the highofficials of. the country. Help theboys with "your contribution to-day.oTOR THAT HOT FEELINGoWe recommend our Vassar UnionSuits in Nainsook at $1.50 the suit.Light weight nighties; too.J. W. DAVIS & CO.reports from the county officials therewas very few violations of the lawfor them to consider.The following gentlemen compriseLATEST ON THE TOWN!Have you seen the new car?OAKLAND MOTOR SALES CO.,108 Tenth Street.TO HOLD SCHOOL ELECTIONthe Grand Jury:Walter Kenney, Foreman.Elijah Carr.C. J. Doyle.W. H. Shropshire.King Redmon.C. H. Dalzell.Ivan Soper.L. R. Rogers.Joseph Farris.W. O. Fuller.M. H. H. Davis.O. T. Wagner.Following the retirement of thegrand jury to commence their deliberations, Judge Stout called the caseof Oscar Johnson, who at the Juneterm, 1918, was given the death sentence for the killing of Walter Ricein Paris At the previous term ofcourt Johnson's attorney, Oscar T.Hinton, presented an application fora new trial, introducing a number ofwitnesses. In announcing his decision Judge Stout said that the prisoner had been given a fair and impartial trial. That the instructions .the,jury liad covered every ground iind'that every right of the prisoner hadrecognized. That he could see no reason to uphold any plea of prejudiceor passion on the part of the Jury,!and that the evidence given in themotion for a new trial had not beenThe election to put into effect theconversion- of the Worth MiddletownCollege -grounds and buildings intoCHAS. S BRENT & BRO. &rftded niSh school will be held on verified. He had given the case mostTuesday, j uiy xo. iub ui&uh;i, : carelui study, and witn great mentalwhich under the agreement has been ; trial. It was a most unpleasant andSEE THE ITRELESS GAS RANGE, enlarged so as to take in practically distressing duty for him to performall of the Plum Lick School territory, in denying the motion for a newSave fuel, food, time and have con- has about -14,000 acres of land; is trial,venience, efficiency that is found in valued at about ?1, 500, 000; has more Johnson, who was in court, accomusing the Chambers Fireless Gas than two hundred pupils and will panied by his two sisters, was thenRange. .Let us show you the five call for a levy of fifty cents on eacn told to arise and was asked by thegood points. $100 worth of property assessed tor(30-8t) JOHN MERRINGER. 'state and county purposes.often expressed a hope of being ableto visit the country of his birtliagain, but business and family caresintervened and the opportunity wasnever afforded.When his son, Mr. Allie Detwiller,was taken in the draft, in the serviceof Uncle Sam's big overseas army hewas asked by his father to visit 'Alsace if the chance was afforded. Inthe line of duty young Detwiller wassent into Alsace by a stroke of goodfortune and had ample opportunityof spending some time among thosewho had known his father in hisyouth. He wrote his father, detailing nis experiences and told of meeting of many comrades who hadknown Mr. Detwiller when they wereboys in dear old Alsace. When peaceand victory finally descended upoirthe war-torn conn try Mr. Detwillerwas overjoyed to know that iis country had been saved from despoliationand that it would pass forever fromthe grasp of the Hun. In all his laterlife since he became an American citizen Mr. Detwiller was an ardent admirer of America, a lover of natureand a genuine whole-souled, likeablegentleman.ANNUAL MEETING OP CLOTHIEBSAT LEXINGTON, TO-DAY.1During the campaign for UnitedStates Senator in 1918, County ClerkPearce Paton received a request fromPrivate Martin Reed, of Bourboncounty, for a ballot to be mailed tohim at Camp Mills, New Jersey.The ballot was mailed to the address given by Private Reed on October 7, 1918. On January 16, themail parcel containing the ballot, theenvelope covered with dating stampsand re-addresses, was returned toClerk Paton, with the notation. "Return to Sender, Not Found." Thepackage had been through a dozen ormore army camps in the UnitedStates and in France. So PrivateReed's vote didn't get into the campaign. oHAVE YOU SEEN THE SCRIPPS-BOOTH?WE KNOW HOWA new car in this section, but oneof the finest finished, regardless ofprice. We now have these cars ondisplay at our show rooms, and areable to make immediate delivery.DICKERSON & SON,(12-3t) 106-108 E. Tenth St.MOTHER IS GIVEN POSSESSIONOF CHILDREN.BLUEGRASS SEED STRIPPING.The Mt. Sterling Gazette says:"Farmers and Dluegrass seed menhave begun stripping the seed thisweek and strpippers are runing inevery section. The indications donot point to a very large crop thisyear, the Tainy season causing theundergrowth and weeds to get sucha- start that much of the seed will"te lost. The seed has ripened rapidly and there will be a good yield, peracre. Hands are high and scarce,but the prices for seed are reportedat from $1.50 to $1.65 per bushel. Itis stated that one grower -sold all hisfoldings of seed amounting to several acres to Henry 5. Caywood, ofBourbon county -at-$1.50 per bushel.'!1In the Juvenile Court last weekJudge George Bafterton heard thecase of Mrs. Emmett Howard, former,ly Mrs. J. B. Snapp, who was suingfor the possession of her two smallchildren, Emmett Snapp and WillAnderson Snapp. rSince the death of their father, thelate Mr. Joe Billy Snapp', well-knownbarber, the children had been underthe care of their grandparents. Themother had since married again, thi3time becoming the bride of Mr. Emmett Howard of Paris and Lexington, an uncle of Mr. Snapp. Aftermoving to Lexington she sought toget possession of the children, bycourt process. Judge Batterton, after hearing the case, placed them inher care on probation.STRAWHUTmIS HEREDon't Be Without One !There is nothing in the way of headwear that takesthe place of a Straw Hat or Panama in hot weather.- We are showing all shapes and kinds in Panamas,Leghorns, Bankoks, Plain Sailor Straws, Rough Braidsand Sennets.A very stylish rough straw made with turned-upbrim, one of the newest styles shown in town for theyoung fellow who wants something extremely differentself-conforming and very light weight.Judge if he had anything to say whythe judgment of the court should notbe passed upon him. With a deeppallor overspreading his face, butotherwise showing no emotion theprisoner shook his head.It was then ordered that he betaken to the prison at Eddyville,Ky., and there confined until August15, 1919, at which time a current ofelectricity should be passed throughhis body sufficient to cause death.Following the sentence AttorneyHinton gave notice of an appeal tothe Court of Appeals of Kentucky.I The Judge ordered the judgment tobe filed along with the notice of apj peal,j Court adjourned until this (Tues-day) morning, to reconvene at nineo'clock.oELECTRIC FANS KEEP K00LAND KOMPORTABLE.PanamasLargest shipment of Westinghouse: electric fans ever brought to Parishas been received. All sizes, stylesand prices. See the small bed roomfan it is a comfort almost indispensible. PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.(3-tf)oMONEY RIGHT IN YOUR HANDFOR EGOS. POULTRYAND JUNK.Between 100 and 150 Kentuckyretail clothiers are exnected in t.ington; to-day and 'to-morrow, to'&&'ieua me nitn annual session of theKentucky Retail .Clothers' Association, which will convene this mning in the ball room of the PhoenirHotel.The feature of the convention willbe a practical demonstration of howto dress show windows effectively,which will aim to provide membersan actual knowledge of the correctdraping of merchandise. The demonstration will be In charge of Boyd 3X 'Baker, . display manager of LevrBrothers, Louisville.Several speakers of national prom-inence in their line of business willmake addresses on different phasesof the clothing business. The address of S. N. Baskin, advertisingmanager of B. Kuppenheimer & Company, of Chicago, on. "Advertising,Good and Bad," will be a special fea- "ture. Mr. Baskin is one of the lead-King advertising men of the countrybeing the designer of the we-known. !window cards advertising Kuppen- &heimer ready made clothing for men. 'The committee arranging for the ,convention are: Reception, HarryKine, Stewart Tracy, W. C. Fisher,F. M. Boone, Joe Graddy, Maurie "Loevenhart, E. P. Perry; program,Nick Ryan, George Geddes, Jeff Stewart, of Winchester, and Withers Davis, of Paris.The officers of the Kentucky Retail .Clothiers' Association are: GranvilleBurton, Louisville, president; I. L.Price, Paris, vice president; WithersDavis, Paris, secretary; A. L. Robinson, Shelbyville, treasurer.EX-FromGEniF in pouncs.The Lexington Herald's "Notes ofthe Traveling Men" has the following regarding the policital aspirations of a well-known representativeof a Paris concern:"E. C. Kash, of the Paris MillingCompany, is an aspirant for RailroadCommissioner from the Third districtand is countins: on the ielD of hishrntherhood of the U. C. T. He Willisurely get It and' that's soraehelp, j li$5.00 to $12.00Straw HatsFrom$2.00 to $5.00Take off that hot felt hat and replace it with a cool,comfortable straw.MITCHELL & BLAKEMOREHighest cash price for eggs,poultry, hides and junk.MUNICH & WIDES CO.,(11-tf) Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.oCOURT 0E APPEALS ORDERS NEWSCHOOL TEXT BOOKS.The Court of Appeals sustained theFranklin Circuit Court, which threwout the State text book adoption andordered the commission, of whichGovernor Black is chairman, to reassemble and make an entire newadoption for rural schools. Twenty-.six publishers had contracts whichj amounted to more than $3,000,000.Most of the rural schools openJuly 1. The commission must meet,advertise, make adoptions, outline acourse of study and get the booksdistributed before that time.The- Transylvania Printing Company, (of Lexington, had contractsfor the speller and copy books., o' IN NEW POSITION.aMiss Nancy Hughes, who has beenmanager of the Western Union Telegraph Co.'s local office for sometime,has gone to Washington, D. C, whereshe has secured a good position in theTreasmy Department at a fine salary.Miss Hughes 1s succeeded here tem-jporarily as manager by Mr. WalterPayne, ol; Lebanon, who comes highly.recommended.INTERESTING SOUVENIRSHIBITED.Interesting: evTnTiP5 of "hrv- o r--'Vcan turn his mechanical ingenuity to " 'account are shown in the exhibitionof souvenirs in A. J. Winters & Co.'sshow window. '.From fragments of shells and riflecartirdges picked up on the battlefield of Ypres, Privates Kitchner anrlCarmichael, members of the Cana-dian Reserves, fashioned a candlestick and paper knife of artistic design. The .handle of the paper knife -temade from a rifle cartridge, theblade, made from a shell cover, beinrfastened in the split portions of the- Hcartridge.The candle holder is made from a,fragment of shell, which was picked 'up shortly after it had exploded on,the battlefield. The souvenirs are ofpolished brass. They were presented "by the soldiers to Miss Mary Stoneof Paris, who was a member of the 'nursing start or the Dr. Barrow BaseHospital Unit No. 40, stationed inEngland for several months.oo:$TAX BODY FIXES VALUESMANY CORPORATIONS. -The State Tax Commission atFrankfort, Saturday, tentatively as-sessed the total value of numerous'miscellaneous corporations. Before, "the assessmp.-n t- s-ra. -m -t .- 'V- - moils nasi tftfecompanies will be granted hearirby the commtesionj - "The Paris' Ga. Electric CoWLi -assessedat $137,500. 7ia.-2Z- JT .r. IiTM.Water Co., at ?52,20., ' T uZ 'kVrreoETwoTHE BOURBON NEWS. PARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, JUNE 17, 1019.hti.iMiJ' i;piitHUE BOURBON NEWSEstablished 188137 Years of Coxtinuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and Eridayfr xe&r. ,?.oo 6 Montns. .i.uuPayable in Adavance.IWIET CHAMP, Editor and Owner.Qtered at the Parle, Kentucky,Fortoffice as Mall Matter of theSecond Class.)Any erroneous reflection upon tnefriaraoter, standing or reputation offcay person, firm or corporation which.put? appear in the columns of THEJMURBON NEWS will be gladly cor-(tooted If brought to attention of thei, an mcroor.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, si.00 perInch for first time; 60 cents per Inchjtaoh subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineIkcIi issue; reading notices in blacktype, 2tf cents per line, each issue.Cflrds of thanks, calls on candljftfttes, obituaries and resolutions, andjiimllar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisejcents and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reseivedto -decline any advertisement or othermatter for publication.- Announcements for political officesfcnust invariably be accompanied byhe cash.-.EDITORIAL MUSINGS.-Taking a Chance.We remember two boys who, inkidhood and youth were very goodfriends, yet were congenial in butfew respects. Jack and William(only those were not their truenames) were as opposite as the twopoles.Jack was a regular little roughaecjc. He used to throw snow ballsin the winter and mud balls in thesiintmer.' William did nbt join in thespo:t because it was too rough ; hefeared for his clothes, or worse, aorack in the face.William was a great reader. Sowas Jack of adventure stories andtales -of heroism and mystery.Jack learned toswim ere he put onlonfe trousers; while William only.went in where it was "hip-deep."iW1il the twain teacher- highschool Jack" "was 'on "'the football,baseball and basketball teams, and."VViUiam. was a good rooter but he i'would?- not take a chance of gettingIru'rtJ Jack did figure in the casualtylists occasionally, but he always camethrough and when cautioned regarding the danger in the rougher sports,"would always reply that, "Nobodynever got -nowhere, who didn't takea, .chance."fWhen examination time came William graduated with highest honors.Jack wiggled through by the skin ofji& teeth. ' ' ."-Both secured positions in the Qffices of the same large corporation,;and at the same salary.One - day the manager offered toWJlliam. a position as salesman. Thesalary was smaller than he alreadywas receiving, but there was a future'-if he made good. After carefulponsideration he refused. The manager-wentafter Jack, who gave hardlyAsecoadithought and accepted. "I'll&kerft'8&ot,v he said 'to William, whohat! Argued to let "well enoughafbae."William still is in the office notvery liigh up, for he fears failure.Jack is General Sales Manager..'William makes a good living and"drives a flivver, while Jack's salary- is a peach, he owns stock in the con."ce'rn and he drives an automobile.: si." As To Women Workers..An element that enters into thewoman workers problem is the rising cost of living, and the daughtersin. the family who are contributingfrom 25 to 33 per cent, of the totalincome of the household are agreedtliat until the standards of cost aref&uced that they dare not quit their" employment. Many of them, as amatter of fact, have postponed theringing of the wedding bells for thistvery reason.In Washington women have long.outranked men in carrying on thedetail of clerical work in Governmentoffices. The war simply multipliedtheir numbers, but the proportionby which they increased in numbersas compared to men, remained unchanged. In volunteer workthroughout the country women outstripped the men, for there were few-women who did less than knit andt-sew. The Red Cross and Food Conservation enlisted the co-operation ofpractically every woman in the coun,try. .One interesting feature of theCleveland street railway situationshows that of the 173 women emplyed as conductors that 153 of 88.5"""per cent had formerly been employedin other trades, or in manufacturing.The theory that wome n have enteredindustrial employment for patriotic.reasons does not seem to be borneoutxby figures like the above, which. nray be accepted as thoroughly representative of conditions. It mightjust as we)l be recognized that-theeraihas arrived when - everybodyworks "even father." Lounge lizards, club loafers and society belleshave been delegated by the NewSpirit into the N. G. classy ..: vV- -zz r- i ,Habit '-and Impulses- svHabit an awful word! You havethem, so have we and don't we hatethem? But they are so hard tobreak. For instance, because of habit,we cannot crawl into bed at nightand go right to sleep. No, we mustfirst rest on one side, then the other,and then on the back before we cansleep.Some people, when seated, waggletheir feet up and down and sideways,unconscious the whole time that theyare wasting energy. Other people,when reading or at picture shows,bite their nails. Habit makes makessome of us swear makes some of ussmoke cigarettes.Then there is impulise! Did you everhave an almost incontrollable impulse to do something you ought notdo? We have. During the most serious sermons a desire has crept overus ta throw a hymn book at the headof some one. It was inspired, thisdesire, because we knew we shouldn'tdo it. Have you ever wanted to jumpfrom a high building, at the sametime realizing the awfulness of suchan act? Aren't we just a lot of kidswhen impulse gets us?We'll say we are.Who Are You? ,Are you known by your own name,or are you known merely as yourfather's son?Are you known by your own goodqualities and by your own acts, orare you remembered simply becauseyou bear the name of better peoplewho conceived you and brought youinto this world?The young man who can look hiselders straight in the eye and say "Iam James Martin," already has opportunity at his feet, but the fellowwho can say -nothing more than that"I am Robert Martin's son," will stillbe groping in the darkness of the future after opportunity has vanishedforever in the distance.Be something, do something, createa personality of your own, and theworld will know you and respect youfor what you are and not for whatyour parents were before you.But continue content as "anotherman's son" and you will be accordedthe respect and privileges only of"another man's son," and when deathovertakes you your home paper willspeak charitably of yeu merely as"another man's son."A true American needs no ancestors,-.. - ,oFamous Buildings in Weimar. 'Conspicuous public buildings in Weimar are the Wittumspalals, the oldducal dower house, containing Preller'S' famous mural paintings of theOdyssey; the Goethe-Schiller archive,an imposing edifice on an eminenceabove the river Ulm, in which aretreasured manuscripts by famous German writers; the Liszt museum; s"gymnasium; a Realschule, or schoolfor girls, founded by the Grand. Duchess Sopbia; a grand ducat school ofart; technical, commercial and mus'cschools, geographical institute, teachers' seminaries and other institutionsof learning.Phonograph in Photography.A photographer has found a phonograph a valuable aid to obtaining thedesired facial expression in a subject. After studying the face of theperson whose likeness he is to obtainhe decides whether he wishes an animated, reserved, sad or pensive expression. He then places a record inthe phonograph likely to stimulatethe expression desired. For animationhe will play such a tune as "Dixie,"while to produce a sad or thoughtfulexpression "My Old Kentucky Home"may be played.. First Tim Reckoning.Perhaps the first reference to attempts to reckon time by mechanicalmeans Is found in Isaiah xxxviil, 8,written supposedly about 713 B. C,"the sun dial of Ahaz." Pliny saysthat Anaximander invented a sun dialabout 550 B. C. The first sun dial atRome was placed in the temple ofQulrlnus, nbout 298 B. C, when timewas divided into hours. The clepsydra, or water clock, was- the nexttime recorder invented.Sacrilege.The Kansas Industrialist says skunkoil and rattlesnake oil are worthlessas liniments for rheumatism and kindred ills. Just how far should collegepapers be allowed to go In interference with free beliefs founded on thetraditions of centuries? Pretty soonthese young whippersnappers will betelling us that asafoetida amuletsward on? neither germs -or devils, andthat red beads around tiie neck won'tstop nosebleed. Grit.For Bed, Board and Laundry.Here is a perfect gem of misappliedEnglish from a woman answering anadvertisement for a French governess"au pair" ; "I know a -little English,and could give easy, at once, lessonsin French, for which I will be nourished, lying down and bleached, who,I think, are the conditions 'an palr.,wBoston TranscriptDOUGHBOY'S ADVANTAGE.One of the advantages of being amere doughboy instead of a generalis that if you're a doughboy youneed not be ashamed to admit youare homesick.BOHEMIA HIVE OF INDUSTRYLittle Country, Now to Be Given Op.portunity to Progress 'Has BeenMuch Misunderstood.Not one of the little countries whichhave come into being as independentstates, or parts of new nations, sincethe triumph of the allies, is more oftenmisunderstood in America than Bohemia has always been. The veryname has Implied, for many persons,the unconventional ways of artists,the gypsying of vagrants, and the impatience of .restraint which Is supposed to characterize countries remotefrom great centers of trade and industry and rather backward in theirbusiness interests.But Bohemia is a wonderful hive ofhard-working and skilled artisans. Itis one of the most densely populatedcountries In the world, exceeding, inthat respect, Germany, Austria-Hungary,as a whole or in either half ofthe old monarchy, and even Italy. Thenumber of Inhabitants, in proportionto the area, is 75 per cent greater thanit is in France. Bohemia is almostexactly half as large as Ohio, but Itspopulation, nearly 7,000,000 at the beginning of the war, Is about 35 percent greater than that of this state.There is no other division of Austria-Hungary,taking into the reckoning the entire territory formerly inthat dual monarchy, which is equal toBohemia in manufactures. It is anotable center of iron and steel production. Its textiles are an important factor in the trade of Europe, andits glassware, china, sugar, beer, chemicals, paper, tobacco, lace, toys andmany other products of skill and patient labor are widely known. Necessarily, the commerce of so busy acountry is large and far-reaching.All that Bohemia needs Is the opportunity which has come at last toprove the capacity of .Its people forgreat progress beyond the level theyhave already attained.MAKE YOUR OWN DIAGNOSISAll One Needs to Determine PhysicalCondition Is to Test by Clinical Thermometer.The best way of asking a friend howhe Is, is not to say flippantly: "Howare you blowing?" or even "How'syour liver?" but simply and sufficiently: "How's your temperature?" According to your temperature you arewell or ill, alive or nearly dead. Infact, there are only ten degrees between blooming health and certaindeath, observes a writer in LondonAnswers.The temperature of the air has nothing to do with the temperature of thebody, which Is the temperature of theblood. The Eskimo in health sendsthe clinical thermometer to the samespot as the Negro in Tlmbuctoo, viz.,98 degrees Fahrenheit. The temperature of the air will sometimes vary 40degrees in the same day, but if thetemperature of the body goes up twodegrees, you are 111; four degrees, youare very 111 ;'slx degrees, and the doctor Is very anxious ; eight degrees, andyou are at death's door.Anybody can take a temperature,even his own. It Is a great safeguard to possess and use a clinicalthermometer. Ninety-eight degrees, allright; 100 degrees, stay at home; 101degrees, go to bed; 102 degrees, sendfoe the doctor. Anything higher thanthat is a doctor's job. 'The Economy General.Gen. Sir Henry Home, "the man whotook Douai," has been called the economy general through skinful manipulation of men and his small casualty list. His name will be handed downto posterity as the man who inventedthe "creeping barrage" system, whichcame into universal use on the battlefield. With the assistance of this barrage, he captured Fricourt, Mametzand Douai, gaining maximum results atminimum cost. His losses in men andmaterial on each occasion were verylight.General Home belongs to the OldContemptibles, and he saw service alsoin the South African war. His proudest moment during that campaign waswhen General Cronje surrendered tohim.May Throw Light on History.A number of archeologists from theTokyo Imperial university and elsewhere are making excavations in thecompound of the Hakusan shrine,Toyama prefecture, said to be a mostvaluable storehouse of material forhistorical study. Doctor Shibata ofthe Tokyo university is quoted as saying: "We may discover some cluesas to whether our forefathers camefrom Corea or from Saghalien." Atthe place mentioned a number of bonesof women and children are- being unearthed. Clemenceau, Playwright.Like many another Parisian of politics, Monsieur Clemenceau is interested in the finer things of theaterand, like Waldeck-Housseau beforehim, assiduously frequents it eventhough he happens to be prime minister of France. In his years of leisure he has dabbled also in the writingof plays and two of his pieces, "LesRequins" and "Le Voile du Bonheur,"have found place on the stage. Boston TranscriptHeld at a Distance."Father," said the ex-crown prince,"why do you keep the title 'count?'""As a sort of compromise. I feelthat very few people are going to likeme, well enou&h to want to call meby my first name." Boston EveningTranscript. - . ,-PEOGRAM'OF ELEMENTARY SUN' DAY SCHOOL CONFERENCE.; Program . -Mr. Dennis 'Snapp, "Sunday SchoolField Secretary, Kentucky -Conference,presiding.Mrs. Geo. E. Cameron, ElementarySuperintendent, Kentucky Conference. Music furnished by the Paris Elementary Department, Mrs. H. A.Power, Superintendent.10:00 a. m. Devotional Rev. G.R. Combs.10:20 a. m. Welcome Mr. Dennis. Snapp.10:30 a. m. Response Miss Fannie O'Brien, District SuperintendentJackson District.10:40 a. m. "Our Third RankStandards," Mrs. Mary McClure,Superintendent of Covington District. 11:00 a. m "Our Conference' andDistrict Standards," Mrs. Geo ' E.Cameron. '11:10 a. m. "Juniors Visitation,"Mrs. N. H;. Fentress, Lexington.11:20 a. m. "A Cradle Talk,"and "Cradle-Roll Prayer," Mrs.Percy Lee, and little Miss DorothyLee, Lexington.11:30 a. m. Address "Missionaries from the Sunday School," Rev.W. V. Cropper, Danville.12:00 m. Lunch.1:30 p. m. Devotional, Mrs. H.A. Power, Paris.1 :40 p. m. 'IGraded Literature,"Miss Elizabeth Stears, Nicholasville.2:00 p. m. "Story Telling," Mrs.Willie Sistrunk Buskie, Lexington.2:10 p. m. "Helpful Object Lessons," Miss Rebecca Oglesby, DistrictSuperintendent of Shelbyville District. 2:20 p. m. "My Junior Boys,"Mrs. G. C. Bundy, Lexington.2:30 p. m. Sectional Meetingsfor Beginners, Primaries, Juniors.Beginners Section.Mrs. H. A. Power, Presiding.Organization, Equipment andGraded Literature, Discussed byMiss Fannie O'Brien; assisted by Beginners' Teachers. Open Conference. Primary Section.Miss Julie Poynter, Presiding.Organization, Equipment andGraded Literature, Discussed by Mrs.O. Rinton, assisted by PrimaryTeachers.Junior Section.Mrs. G. W. Banks, Presiding.Organization and Graded Literature, and Equipment, Discussed byMrs. B. W. Banks of Winchester,and assisted by Mrs. J. E. Moss ofNicholasville, and Mrs. N. H. Fentress, of Lexington.3:30 p. m. "Parent-Teacher Cooperation," Dr. B. F. Orr, Paris.3:40 p. m. "The Child forChrist," Mrs. W. C. Calvert, DistrictSuperintendent of Danville District.3:50 p. m. Difficulties in UsingGraded Lessons and How to Overcome Them, Mrs. W. C. Conway, District Supt. of Maysville.4:00 p. m. Exhibits and CouncilMeeting.8:00 p. m. Evening Service."Looking Upward: Our Conference," Words from our Field Secretary, Mr. Dennis Snapp, of Paris."Our Standards: Link Within aLink," Mrs. G. E. Cameron. .Elementary Supt., Kentucky Conference. It is hoped that at least one worker will be present-from eaclj. schoolin the Conference.Almost-Forgotten Author."Lambert Lilly, Schoolmaster," wasone of the pen names of the Rev.Francis Lister Hawkes, an eminentEpiscopalian divine of New York. Dr.Hawkes was born in New Berne, 7. C,in 1798, and died in that city in 1866.He also used the pseudonyms of"Frater, a Protestant Episcopalian,"and "Uncle Philip." He wrote "TheEarly History of the Southern States,"and had it published under the penname "Lambert Lilly, Schoolmaster,"in 1832.Ft Couldn't Be Done.There was a hard boiled sergeantwho delighted in "picking on" the menjust from civilian life. One day hewas giving the command "Right dress,'and one of the fellows was nappingand did not do as commanded, afterthe sergeant had called it out severaltimes. Then the sergeant was 'furiousand shouted to the fellow; "Hey, you,dress right !" And somebody else hollered: "How can you dress right on$30 a, month?"Substitutes for Hickory.Specifications for handles for intrenching tools were prepared duringthe war by the forest products laboratory at Madison, allowing seven substitute species in place of hickory and also certain minor defects, thereby making possible greatly increased production for this class of material and atthe same time giving satisfactory handles. University Bulletin.Courting in Argentina.If an engaged man in the Argentinerepublic dallies beyond a reasonabletime in leading his fiancee to the altarhe is heavily fined, and if resident ofthe republic should fail to marry he istaxed until he reaches the age ofeighty.Lake With No Outlet. .Lake Chad, in the heart of East Africa, has no known outlet for themany rivers pouring into it. Its waters rise and fall with great rapidity.The Alexander expedition records thatfrequently spaces over which they hadsailed in the morning had by eveningbecome stretches of dried mud.Little Things.If we suffer little things to havegreat hold upon us, we shall be asmuch transported for them as if theydeserved it. William Penn.The deepest well in the worldvisat Czuchow, in the coalfield of Upper Silesia. It has reached a depthot over 7,348 feet below the surface.- Help WantedGood, reliable man and wifeman to dofarm wrk and womancooking. Iourrmiles from town oninterurban Telephone 25W.. ; J. H. THOMPSON,(10-tf) Paris, Ky.FoundFound, on streets of Paris, a ladiesbrooch pin. Owner may have someby proving property and paying forthis advertisement. Enquire atNEWS office.LostOn streets of Paris, Saturday, smallpurse, with stamp of First NationalBank on cover containing about ?4in money. Suitable reward if returned tol this oflftce " (tf)cStrayedFrom the J T. Hinton farm onthe North. .. Middletown pike, nearParis, a red? spotted bull calf, abouteight weeks old. Had rope aroundneck. Also from the same place foursheep. Reward for their return orinformation leading to their recovery.(10-tf) R. L. WILSON.Important Notice.If the little girl who found theumbrella at the Paris High Schoollast week, and brought it to THENEWS oflice Tuesday will call orsend us her name we will be pleasedto see that the owner of the articlesends her a suitable reward.Ford For SaleFord car in good condition. If soldat once for cash it can be bought ata bargain.(30-tf) MARTIN BROS.Lost or StolenA soft leather dog collar, withlicense tag No. 1005 riveted on. Reward for return to(6-ft) JAS. E. CRAVEN.Aetna-AutoCombination PoliciesX " . -Protect AgainstFireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityAnd OtherCasualtiesA. J. FEEAGENTHOMEKILLEDMEATSVealPorkBeefLambIt's the BestTo Be HadIttflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketWarning to the Traveling Public!The bridge on the Paris and NorthMiddletown pike, located between thefarm of Mr. Tollie Young and theHarrods Creek pike, has been tornout, and will be replaced with a concrete structure.While this work is going on allmotor vehicles and heavily-loadedwagons traveling between Paris andNorth Middletown should, afterrains, take the Paris and Winchesterpike, and the Spears Mill pike.BEN F. BEDFORD,, County Road Engineer.(13-2t)32ur ton's1 onf sclioiiery StoreSuccessor to Adami & Santi.AGENT P0E M. IB0LDMANUEL, COUNSELOR,AND S0NADA CIGAESAdami' s Famous Recipe formaking delicious Ice Cream,Soda Water and MixedDrinks still used.Bulk Ice Cream(Made from Pure Cream)delivered for home use.Fancy Ices for PartiesHIGH CLASS BOXCANDIES.IIIFor the BEST, See Us,FRANK BURTONIII1X11XBX1Wilmoth'so nFreshHomelBaked Breads,Cakes, Pies, Etc.3 "Daily"FreshMeats,Roasts,Steaks';Chops, Fancy Goods,FamousCoffees and TeasW1LM0THGrocery Co.Phone 376iMake Use of OurTraction ExpressKy. Traction & TerminalCo.BRIGHTEREVENINGSNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.useOlectricityTor D'abiinaIt's the only satisfactory way.else SetsTor Realms and CookingIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix You UpFor the Use of BothElectricity and Gas.Paris Gas & Electric Co.Afl S&L?m(Inoonxuated)Vi.- l r.'-A . -sw."--"- -f rw rissrt v-4vEi&4TUESDAY, JUNE 17, 1019.-THE BOTTRBOH HEWS PAWS, KEHOTCKTflfflSTEJtH : rBEES SUCH .SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.HE SAYSJohnson Feels Justified In PraisingTrutona As Peer of AllTomes.LEXINGTON, KY., June 16.Russell Johnson, 66 years old, aretired furniture dealer and wellknown Lexington resident of 605South Limestone street, has givenTrutona a thorough trial and declares he can. conscientiously indorse it as the "best medicine he haseven taken.""For many years I've been troubled with constipation," Mr. Johnsonsaid. "I constantly had to take a laxative. I would become so dizzy attimes that I could hardly get around.I was nervous and restless at nightso bad I couldn't sleep. Headachesbothered me continually."Because of the relief I've gainedI feel justified in saying that Trutona gave me more benefits than anyother medicine I've ever taken. Mybowels act with clock-like regularity now; I don't experience the dizzyspells and my appetite is much betterthan before. I hope others will tryTrutona and become convinced of itsmerits as I have."Trutona is now being introducedand explained in Paris at G. S. Varden & Son's. (adv)oWHEAT SMUT COST FARMERSOVEPt. $600,000Appioximately $600,000 will be theto the farmers of Kentucky this yearon account of wheat smut, it wasstated by Prof. Frank T. McFarland,assistant professor in botany at theUniversity of Kentucky, who is assisting in conducting a campaign tocontrol its spread.Professor McFarland is working inHarrison, Fayette, Bourbon andBoyle counties, and he stated in somefields he Tiad found the infection inwheat to run. as high as 25 per cent.The average for the State is 4 or 5per cent.Four government representativesare doing similar work in the Western part of the State and as soon asit has been ascertained where thesmut is the most prevalent, a seriesof lectures and demonstrations on thecontrol of smut wall be given. Theselectures will start late in the summer. Professor McFarland has just completed a survey of the State for thenew disease, "take all,'" which isproving dangerous in some States,hue he has not found any in Kentucky. . , " -,,,, oV DOKT DELAY. . -"Some Paris People Have LearnedThat Neglect is DangerousThe slightest symptom of kidneytrouble is far too serious to be overlooked. It's the small, neglectedtroubles that so often lead to seriouskidney ailments. That pain in the"small" of your back; that urinaryirregularity; those headaches anddizzy spells; that weak, weary,, wornout feeling, may be nature's warningof kidney weakness. Why risk yourlife by neglecting these symptoms?Reach the cause of the trouble whilethere yet is time begin treatingyour kidneys at once with a tried andproven kidney remedy. No need toexperiment Doan's Kidney Pillshave been successfully used in thousands of cases of kidney trouble forover 50 years. Doan's Kidney Pillsare used and recommended through-'out the civilized world. Endorsed athome. Read Paris testimony.Mrs. A. L. Burley, 329 Eighthstreet, says: "I have used Doan'sKidney Pills, getting them from theArdery Drug Co.,and from the benefit I received, I certainly think theyare a good, -reliable remedy. Whenever " my kidneys nave acted irregularly or my' back has been weak andlame, I have used a box or so ofDoan's Kidney Pills. They "have always relieved me of the complaint."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Burley ihad. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)o'r CROWDS ATTENDED.Ifhe annual inspection of the Experiment Fields at Greenville, Russelville, Mayfield, Paducah and Londom' has just been completed. Thefollowing men from the ExperimentStation and the Extension Divisionmade the trip: Thomas Cooper, Greo.Roberts. A. E. Ewan, Morgan Hughesand Geoffrey Morgan. Crowds ofHONOR,farmers attended the inspection oleach field.The results of the experiments inthe -use of ground limestone 'andphosphate were strikingly convincing. All plots using limestone andphosphate grew splendid crops ofclover and wheat. Those withouteither showed very poor stands ofclover or an entire failure. On untreated p1." the wheat was light.Full particulars of these tests may behad by writing; to Ihe' ExperimentStation at Lexington.o,GHEOmaCO!NSTIPATI0NPerhaps you have never thought ofit, but this "disorder Is due to a lackof moisture in the residual of thefood! If you will drink an abundanceof water, eat raw fruits and take lotsof outdoor exercises, you may be ableeventually to overcome it entirely.In the -meantime use the most mildand gentle laxatives. Strong andharsh' cathartics take too much waterout of the system and make a badmatter worse. Chamberlain's Tabletsare 'easy and plesfeant to take, andmost agreeable is effect Give thema trial.(june-adv)x Z'. y .. . :S - ' , .'. ' .Scene Prom Maurice Tourneur's Masterpiece, "Woman," at Opera House,Friday and Saturday, June 20 and 21FINAL HONOR ROLL OE PARISCITY SCHOOL.GRADE 1.George Wyatt, III, 90, Stella Ball90, Winifred Boatright 93, HazelRyan 96, Dorothy Chisholm 93, Isabel Isgrig 96, Dorothy Lilleston 96,Thelma Landis 94, Vivian Landis 96,Clemma'Mann 93, 0 wanna Oliver 90,May Parker 96, Virginia Payne 91,Helen Robinson 94, Virginia Smelser96, Edna Ray Sousley 96, Billie Baldwin 90, Ben F. Bedford, Jr., 96,Thomas Bratton 91, Elmer Curtis 94,William Huffman 94, Henry Nutter93, Roy Patterson, Jr., 90, FrancisQuisenberry 96, A. L. Slicer 91. Jas.S. Wilson, Jr., 93, Lula Buchanan95, Louise Curtis 91, Ruby Hogan 96,Bourbon McCarthy 94, Josephine McChord 94, Sallie Moreland 96, AnnaK. Savage 97, Anna Lee Watson 94,John Allen 93, Marmaduke Buchanan92, Irvine Ewalt 94, James Eades 92.Edward Floyd 94, Eugene Hilton 92,Herbert Miller 94, Edgar Purvis 90,Naomi Hutchison 94, ErnestineEades 92, Chester Dotson 91.Teachers, Misses Layton, Lillestonand Mrs. Harris.GRADE 2.James Morrison 95, Dorothy McCord 9 3, -Marie Foley 9, Hazel Buchanan 95. William Amyx 93, Eeon,Tucker 90, Elsey Tucker 90, SallieGordon 92, Prentice Burton 92, EvaRoberts 95, Jessie D. Herrin 95,Genevieve Dockenbrode 93, LucileChristman 92, Ella' May Brown 91,Bayless Morrison 93, Harry Lancaster 95, Louise Elvove 92, Anna Perrent 91, Elizabeth Ingram 91, JohnShearer 93, Lawrence Mullin 94,Robert Hopkins 95, Sam Kerslake 92,Virgil Gaitskill 94, Sidney L. Redmon95, Camille Perkins 91, Bonnie LeePerkins 95, Eilzabeth Whitley 96.Nancy Baldwin 96, Edna Earl Rummans 9,4, Elaine Smith 91, Mary Fornian Varden 94, Elizabeth Hinton 93,Melvin Fend wick 94, Shirel Fightmaster 94, Ruth Bowles 92, SadieBlake 94, Louise Slicer 94-.Teachers, Misses Whaley and Talbott. ' GRADE 3.Mary Eleanor Isgri'gg. 96, WillieFrye 94, Eleanor Swearingen 94,Noah Hinton 94, Martha Ray 93,Anna Hogan 92, Ruth Lee 92, Catherine Borland 92, William Delaney92, Edna Stuart 91, Jessie Gregg 91,Bertha Honican 91, William Owsley90, Lucile Butler 90, Martha Hall 93,Dorothy Strother 9T, Opal Prather90. Marica Roland 93, DorothyThomas 91 William Watson 90,Florence McCarthy 92, Lydia Maher90, Alma Neal 93, Thenosha McCord96, Martha E. Hall 90, John T. Bower93, Virginia Honican 91, FlorabellFoley 94, Vivian Smith 92, KatieIrine 95, Wm. Marshall 94, ImogeneFryman 94, Ella D. Faulk 93, LillianFish 92, Elizabeth Douglas 93, Graham Ewalt 90, Coleman Burns '92,Louise Bannister 92 L. V. Chappell92, Charlotte Plummer 93.Teachers, Misses Stone and Purnell. x .GRADE 4.Peachie Purvis 90, Jessie Irvine95, Kady Elvove 96, HazelMaxey 91,Edwin Rice 92, Myrtle Dunaway 96,Jewel Farrow 90, John F. Young 92-,Eugene Dotson 95, .James Wilmoth93, Gladys Sosby 91, Jessie Curtis 92,H. B. Hill 93, Sara MaePatterson 94,Sara Elvove 92, Leila Kiser 92, SusanHoward 97, Mildred Green 9'6 Harriet Kerslake 96, Bryan Redmon 96,Ruth Dickson 94, Leslie. Hogan-94,Charles Cook 94, Edward Merringer93 Harvey Hill 93, Eugene Strothec93 Jewel Maxey 92, William Sauer92 Rosalie Friedman 92, T. J. Judy9l Ruth Payne 91, Lucy Westerflield90', Katie Hubbard 90, Craft Kins 90.Teachers, Mrs. Stone and MissLenihan.GRADE 5.Francis Taylor 93, Helen HoDerxs93, Dorothy Pepper 96, Leslie Mornson 97, Pearl Longo 93, Blanche' Davidson 94, Ethel Dickerson 92, Rebecca Collier '97. Hosa May 'Carr y$Lula Mae Christman 95, EdithBowles 93, Lily Burns 92, Alice Bur-jpn 97, Minnie Buchanan su, Jumu-' V".-' """.t ' '';yiWwi'., '' - t . ti.ilf "ry-sy , -s.; '..;,:,gene Alexander 94, Evelyn Allen 95,Joe Vaiden 96, William Yerkes 95,j William Rankin 90, Wallingford Par-jter 92, William Lytle 90, EverettHall 92, William Bowling 94, Clif-ford Bigley 90, Harry Baldwin 90,Marie Bishop 98, 98, Lucy Williams97, Dorothy Frey 94, Gertrude Smelser 95, Billie Wilson 92, Wm. Hinton 96, Albert Myers 91, DudleyDeaver 97, William Taylor 95, Robt.Thompson 94, Edward Delaney 94,Ethel Curtis 94, Will Lair 96, AnnC. Talbott 97, Helen Chappell 91.Teachers, Misses Detwiller andBrannon.GRADE 6.Harry Tucker 9(, Hallen Goldstein 95, Frances Clark 95, PansyBurns 9,4, Frances Thompson 94,Henry Sandusky 93, Gertrude Lykins93, Elizabeth Mason 92, VivianWallingford 92, Virginia Tingle 91,Harry B. Clay 91, Clarence Mullins90, Elgin Story 90.Teachers, Misses Farrell and Clark.GRADE 7.Edgar Hill 97, Anita Overby 93,Sallie Payne 93, Louise Ingram 93,George Dundon 93, Louise Fisher 92,Nellie Tingle 92, Sallie Steagall 90,Robert McCarthy 90, Lucile Chipley90, Addie Fightmaster 90, LillianDay 90, Nancy Deaver 91, IsabellTalbott 90, Charles White 92.Teachers, Mrs. Fishback, MissesCrisp and Ranson.QJUST PLAIN HOESE SENSE"How will I spend my vacationthis summer?" . Oh, yes, we knowyou would like to trot off to the seashore, and splash around in the water, and show strangers what a finefigure you have, and annex a coat offashionable tan, and eat the vile stuffthe summer hash houses hand out toyou, and all that sort of bunk. Buthere's a little old-fashioned horsesense and it won't cost you even athank you.Within a few miles of this townare many of the finest farms in thecountry. In the summer time youwill find growing on those farmsabout everything you care to eat. Youwill find cattle, and hogs, and sheep,and other animals galore. They aregood to look at and it won't cost "youanything to look. Then you will findgood, honest, intelligent, whole-souledpeople on those farms, too peoplewho mean what they say, and don'tflatter you to your face and call youa freak when your hack is turned.They are good people, to know andbetter peopletb have as friends!, Goout 'and spend your vacation on oneof those farms. Feed the chickensand the calves, and learn to milk thecow and stick on the back of a horse.Wear a fifteen-cent straw hat andfide around on. the loads of hay asthe farmer is drawing it into thebarn. Pick flowers and give yourtired and dusty lungs a treat bybreathing the pure air of the country and the fragrance of fields thatare green. Be a real sport, and notan imitation. Get back to natureonce in your life if you never getthere again. Get a few friends together, pick out the place you wantto go, and write to the farmer. Ifhe can accommodate you it may costyou but a few dollars and be of inestimable value to your futurehealth. This is just homely language, but darned good humansense.oHIGH COST DOING IT.The high cost of cigars is doingmore toward breaking up the tobaccohabit than the exercise of will power.It costs the average smoker thesedays more real money than used tofurnish pork chops for the family.A -o :A deposit of white marble said toequal the best Italian in quality hasbeen discovered near Pretoria,Transvaal. ". k aCan woman be satisfied without masculine admiration?SEE ; f-''WOMAN'Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Dr.from aville.M.H. Dailey has returnedbusiness mission to Louis-Mr. R. C. Foster is able to be athis place of business after a seriousillness.Mrs. Frank P. White is visitingher sister, Mrs. David Davis, in Cincinnati. Miss Elizabeth Toohey is a guestof Miss Mary Margaret Brannon, inLexington.Miss Ruth Orr, of Stoner avenue, has as guest Miss KatherineDenton, of Sebree, Ky.Master Julian HoVe, Jr., is aguest of his grandparents, Mr. andMrs. Dunlap Howe, in Carlisle.Mr. Charles Clendenin has rereturned to Eminence, after a visitto relatives in the city and county.Mrs. Wade H. Whitley entertained with a bridge party at her homeon Vine street yesterday afternoon.Miss Willie Orr, of Louisville,and Mr. Ben Orr, of Lexington, arevisiting their father, Dr. B. F. On,on Stoner avenue.Mr. C. O. Hinton has returnedfrom Battle Creek, Mich., where hehas been under medical treatmentfor several months. 'Misses Minerva Neal and AvaNeal are spending a two-weeks' vacation with their mother, Mrs. Wm.Neal, in Taylorsville.Oscar T. Hinton, John M. Stuart and Frank P. White have returned from an inspection trip to the oilfields in Allen and Barren counties.Miss Grace McCord, returned toher business duties in Akron, O., Saturday, after spending her vacationwith her parents, Mr. and Mrs. PerryJ. McCord and family, on Cliftonavenue. tMr. B. B. Marsh, residing nearParis, who sustained a slight paralytic stroke last week, was reportedas being improved. It is thought byhis physicians that he will recovercompletely.Mr. Harry O. James returnedSaturday from Indianapolis, wherehe attended the annual meeting ofthe Nobles of the Mystic Shrine.Mr. James met a number of formerParis people in Indianapolis. Mr.James says the Shriner meeting wasone of the greatest events he everattended.The following announcementcards have been issued:Mr. and Mrs. Overton H. Chenaultannounce the marriage of theirdaughterTalithatoMr. John G. Stollon Wednesday, the eleventh of JuneOne thousand nine hundred andnineteenLexington, KentuckyMr. and Mrs. Stoll motored to Louisville, after the wedding, taking thetrain there for Chicago. From therethey continued the trip to LesCheneaux, Mich., where they willspend part of the honeymoon in Mr.Stoll's summer cottage.(Other Personals on Page 5)oBOUHBON'S PART IN THE GREATWORLD WAR,The following extracts are from aletter received by Mrs. FanniebelleSutherland, "County Historian, fromthe State Historian, Mr. Fred P.Caldwell, of Louisville, under whosedirection a history of the part playedby Kentucky in the great World Waris being compiled:June 11, 1919.TO COUNTY HISTORIANS:We are sending: you a cony of thelist of names of Kentuckians whohave won special honors, as completeas we have been able to make it upto this time. It is, to say the least,a remarkable showing. .More than220 Kentucky men and women havenow medals or. crosses, or have beenespecially cited or promoted forbravery on the field of battle.Please retain this copy for ,yourfiles. We have sent copy of list toyour local papers to-day, and haveasked them to publish as much ofthe list as they can, and also to besure to print the official citations ofthe men from your county, if any,and the surrounding counties, whohave won the Distinguished ServiceCross.These citations contain some thrilling stories of personal bravery.The State Council appreciates yourgood" work. The historical drive isproving of very great value. It hasenabled the County Historians topush their work, and has served toplace before the people the prominent part which Kentucky played inthe great war.Yours Tery truly,FRED P. CALDWELL,State Historian.In the list to which reference -ismade appear the following names ofthose who won the DistinguishedService Cross:Capt. Lee'S. Eads, (deceased),Lexington.Capt. Reuben B. Huthchraft, (deceased), Paris..Sergt. Theodore Keller, Lexington.Lieut. Washington Reed, Lexington. Other special honors:t Private L. L. Hopkins, Muir, Decorated by British.Cited or promoted for bravery:Bishop Batterton, Paris:Private Henry' F. Dale, Paris.Major Neville C. Fisher, Paris., Miss Mary E. Sweeney, Lexington.'Miss Sunshine Sweeney, Lexington. tPrivate Frank P. Taylor, NorthMiddletown.The following official citation alsoappears in the long list:"Capt. Reuben B. Hutchcraft, (deceased), Paris, Ky. Near Sedan,France, Nov. 7, 1918, Capt Hutchcraft personally took command of aplatoon, of7 his company, which, wasdesignated as advance guard a?'1 "his patrol to the rmost rpoint reached by any ofduring the engageme'killed while making 1 twithin thirty yp 'chine guntf."HOT WATERATOII: TURN OF THE TAPAlways ready. Nothing to do but toopen the faucet. The most convenient themost- efficient the most gratifying thing amongall modern household conveniences.r ruud "y nears me iresirwarer as it runs irom(OTWf TOH( TfflPffi the main. Opening the faucet startst !"' jjiji ii.ijj ".!" tneU I SijATfc IW aucet ,s c'0sed. That stops expense.f!AC UATPP UCATE& About one cent for ten gallons paysliAS WAI in HEftS Lit for thjs remarkable service.Vou owe it to your family and yourself to investigate this wonderful Automatic Water. Heater. Let us show it to you.aiAFor Sale ByT. W. SPICERBMBourbonDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4!-'" '"""gggjszz! ,mmgr- y- J fcsr JThe Bourbon Laundry;X girans,jParis,A MAN AND HIS WIFE, - ia 'JLEVY, THE DRYCumberland Phone 40EESTJME WOEK ON CATHEDBAL(New York Sun.)- Sculptures and pictures in stainedglass of the saints whose names areassociated with cities anibattles ofthe world war are included in plansdiscussed the other day for carryingon the work of completion of theCathedral of St. John the Divine.A proposal to insert into the edifice honor rolls containing the- namesof the men of the diocese who gavetheir lives in the combat and thenames of the battlefields -where Americans distinguished themselves wasalso made.The meeting was called to arrangefor a resumption of the work of corstruction, halted by our entrance ithe .war. The foundations of s gnave, including the floor, ha( &,completed when the work wdoned "fqr lack of labor ar' ...1. is proposedyto conton an. architecural 'the cathedrals of ,t.l' :"die ages. Traces"'be avoided. yThemeetir . .hers of the ied fifteen : - . - "iMKIhr -.i- .j v$r-.-zk4H. . mi 4tM jf,r-' : .;S.-neater not water hows untu tneLaundry!HIXWest Fifh Street .j.IK7SATISFACTI0R1XOUR WATCHW0RD1With all the latest improvements in laundry appliancesIjfX IXrxand expert helpers we areprepared to do work inferior to none, and 'solicityour patronage.iKentuckyiveniucKy gmay both derive saiisf actionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by usl "vThVcost is nominal, while the pleas"ure of wearing old clothea thathave the appearance of new, ixconjunction with the knowledge.thatypu are effecting S greiBving, must surely satisfy ybutA phone brings ua. . ;CLEANEDHome Phone IfA Special S1' oNew.;&--o-"3"w?;! tpJ zztsi Sj-no-t-!t i&n', ar MIi9TOl . "" A l' l-iJr.w-y- - tjt rstj !XLMPERFECT IN 0R1G1NAJrl"""'HI ' mi II -Tj;JV:c4TevwXVpige rousTHE BOUBBOIT NEWS, Pj&BIS, KXJXXUCKZTUESDAY, JUNE 17, 1019. JTLIatJ,nhitEkSOH OF FORMER PARISIAN HURTIN AUTO ACCIDENT.r Q. R. Wade, of Winchester, is in aserious condition at the Good Sa-znaritan. Hospital, and T. F. Brannon, Jr., of Lexington, sustained numerous cuts and bruises as a resultof an. automobile accident which occurred on the Versailles pike, twoand a half miles from the city limitsof Lexington, shortly before midnightThursday.The two men were on their way toLouisville in a Ford car when Wade,"who was driving the car, attemptedto adjust the carburetor while running at a high rate of speed. Themachine left the road, turned overand was demolished.Wade sustained injuries which hisphysicians believe will prove fatal..He sustained internal injuries, a'broken, arm and numerous cuts andbruises about the head and body. Heis 24 years old.Brannon, who is the son of T. F.Brawion, formerly of Paris, proprietor of the Brannon & Hughes saloon,'was also taken to the Good Samari?.tan Hospital, but was able to leaveafter having his injuries dressed.oLATEST ON THE TOWNHave you seen the new car?OAKLAND MOTOR SALES CO.,108 Tenth Street.FORMER PARISIAN LOSES LIFEIN AUTO ACCIDENT.As the result of an accident caused by losing control of his automobile, Mr. Russell Mayes a well-knownand popular traveling man, a formerresident of Paris, was dashed to deathnear Williamstown, Friday, while enroute to Cincinnati to purchase anew machine. The machine in whichMr. "Mayes was riding in some unaccountable manner swerved from theroad and was overturned, throwinghim out crushing his skull. Passersby who came along in a short whileafter had the body removed to Williamstown, from where it was takenback to Lexington, being met thereSaturday morning by a delegationfrom the United Commercial Travelers, of which he was a member.Mr. Mayes was the only son of Mr.and Mrs. Jos. Mayes, of Carlisle, andwas for a long time connected withthe Power Grocery Company, in thisMATRIMONIAL.4A marriage license was issuedSaturday from the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton to Mr. HarveyW. Myers, of Paris, and Miss EdithBentley, of North Middletown.A marriage license was issuedfrom the office of County ClerkPearce Paton to Mr. Norman E.Fleming, of Sharpsburg, and MissWillie Clinkenbeard, of near Carlisle.Dame Rumor is again busy conferring with Dan Cupid in linking thenames of two well-known and popular young Paris people as candidatesfor matrimony. It is said the engagement will be announced in a fewdays. The young man in the case isprominent in railroad and businesscircles of the city. The prospectivebride is an attractive and prepossessing young woman, an accomplishedmusician, and greatly admired by allwho know 'her.BERRYMAN PARKER.News was received here Saturday of the marriage in Jeffersonville,Indiana, of Mr. Thomas Parker, sonof Mr. and Mrs. George Parker, ofMaysville street, and Miss TempaBerryman, of Lexington.The groom was formerly in chargeof the Western Union TelegraphSPECIAL ATTRACTION AT v THEGRAND FRIDAY AND SATURDAY"Woman," Maurice Tourneur'selaborate photoplay supreme, whichthe management of the Grand OperaHouse offers as a special attractionfor a two-days' showing, startingnext Friday, is a film of novel appeal.Mr. Tourneur produced "Trilby,"probably the greatest picture ofClara Kimball Young's career. HeCo.'s office in Paris, and later in Lex- j made "The Whip," one of the mostington and Middlesboro. He is nowstationed n the company's service inthe Lexington office. The bride is anattractive young woman and a nieceof Mr. Charles Berryman, of Lexington.EWALT P ARRIS.Mr. Bosley Champ Parris, andMiss Allene Ewalt, both of Paris, secured a marriage license here Saturday, and were married yesterdayafternoon in Lexington.The ceremony was performed at1:30 o'clock at the home of Mr. andMrs. Harry Minter, by Rev. Dr. I. J.Spencer, of Lexington. The attendants were Miss Georgia Speakes, Mr.Frank Speakes and Mr. A. J. Duncan,all of Paris. After the ceremony Mr.and Mrs. Parris left on a honeymoontrip to New Orleans.The groom is a son of Mrs. I. O.. - - i . ! - -. i . j.i.city, as a member of the traveling tfarnett, or .fans, ana is in me emsalesmen force. He later moved to ploy of the Louisville & Nashville inLexington, where he became the representative of the Old Koenig Tea &Coffee Co., of Cincinnati, for whomhe was traveling at the time he methis untimely death. Mr. Mayes wasimmensely popular and deservedly soall through this section of the State,and was a man whom everyone liked.Short services were held at thefamily home, in Lexington, Sundayafternoon, after which the body wastaken to his old home, in Carlisle,for interment. The funeral was heldat four o'clock, -Sunday afternoon,with, services conducted at the gravein the Carlisle Cemetery by Rev.B. Crouch.He is survived by his parents, Mr.and Mrs. Jos. Mayes, of Carlisle, hiswidow, Mrs. Anna D. Mayes, a sisterof Mr. Wm. Dudley, a prominentEastern Kentucky capitalist and oilman, and two children, Miss BessieDudley Mayes and Ruth Mayes.othe yard clerk's office. The bride isa daughter of Mr. and Mrs. WalkerEwalt, and is a very charming andpopular young womanFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan-GEORGETOWN HOME DESTROYED BY VISITATION OP EIRESire, '.probably caused from a coaloil stove, destroyed the home of MissLaura Clarke, in Georgetown, andMrs. Ella Hickerson, a nurse, whooccupies the upper story of the housewas -temporarily cut off by the flames jand smoke from, getting down stairs.When .she got down to the ground"by aid of ladders, Mrs. Hickerson,who is i60, years old, was almost overcome. Insurance which she carriedon her furniture had recently expired. Mrs. 2ickerson was housecleaningher apartment and lighted her coaloil stav,e. vGoing into .an adjoiningroom she .-smelled smoke. Being pinned in in the room, :she. screamed forassistance, which attracted the attention of passersby who. sent iin the firealarm.ALEXANDER KING.Mr. Kenneth D. Alexander andhis bride, formerly Miss Mollie King,were united in marriage with a religious ceremony in the King apartments at the Hotel Ansonia in NewYork City, Father Chambers, of theBlessed Sacrament, officiating. Theyhad previously been married by civilceremenoy in the New York muni-W. cipal building by the Deputy CityClerk, on May 26.Miss Nellie King was her sister'sonly attendant, and Mr. Marner P.Sayers, of Covington and Lexington,who stood up with Mr. Alexander anthe earlier occasion, was again thebest man.Only a few close friends and relatives attended the ceremony, but afterward about fifty friends, most ofthem associates of the bride duringher theatrical career, were guests ata dinner at the Ansonia. Amongthem were Mr. and Mrs. DonaldBrian,. Mr.. Lee. Shubert, Mr. and Mrs.Clifton Rhodes, Mr. and Mrs. SamHarris, Mr. Gilbert Raine and Mr.and Mrs. Charles King, brother andsister-in-law of Mrs. Alexander.Mr. Alexander and his bride expectto come to their Kentucky home,Woodburn Cottage, in Woodfordcounty, early this week.B-4 FIREInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,AgtsoHENDEBSON TOBACCO PLANTBURNED AI iLEXINGTON.Fire of unknown 'Origin destroyedthe plant .of the Henderson TobaccoCompany and its contents in Lexington late Saturday afternoon, causing2bt loss of approximately ? 3 2, 000.The fire was discovered shortly after4 o'clock. The plant was partiallycovered, by insurance. The plant islocated on Roosevelt ayenue.A frame dwelling house adjoiningthe plant caught afire, the roof and";sides being damaged. The house wasowned by Dr. Hawkins. The damagedone to the house was estimated at"between ?800 and $1,000. 'o1 INSURANCE.Fire,; Tornatto, LightningAutomobile and Hail.YERKES & PEED.(jml4-tf): oSERVING LICENSE NOTICESHOLT SAMPSON.The marriage of Miss Katheryn.Holt and Mr. Norman L. Sampson,both of Paris, took place Saturdaymorning at 6:30 o'clock at St. Peter's Catholic Church, in Lexington.Following the ceremony the happyyoung couple left for a short honeymoon trip, and on their return willmake their home in Paris.The bride is the oldest daughterof Mrs. Blanton JHolt, of Lexington,formerly of Paris, and is a strikinglyhandsome young woman ' of manygraces of character. She has been amember of the clerical force in theoffice of Hoadmaster Nickerson, of theLouisville & Nashville, for the pasttwo years.The groom is a member of thecivil engineering staff of the Louisville & Nashville, highly esteemedfor his ability andefnciency.The attendants at the weddingwere Mr. Edward Holt .and Miss Nellie Holt, brother and sister of thebride.The engagement was announcedlast April, but the bridegroom wasdrafted into the army service beforethe wedding date was set.Mr. and Mrs. Sampson were therecipients of many handsome and useful gifts. The bride's uncle, Mr. J.P. O. Conner, a former Paris boy,now residing in EljPaso, Texas, senta check for ?50O.sensational melodramas ever screened. He discovered Doris Kenyon andVivian Martin. He directed MaryPickford in some of her most popularproductions, including "The PoorLittle Rich Girl." He made Marguerite Clark's favorite vehicles, including her exquisite "Prunella."Into "Women," Mr. Tourneur putall his artistic ability. "Women"was the labor of love. The idea forthe production came to Mr. Tourneursome years ago upon reading GeorgeMoore's "My Dead Life." Then itwas that the idea of "Worrian" developed. "Woman" is divided into a prologue, five episodes and a epilouge.The prologue is modern, showing aphilosopher of 1919 moralizing uponwoman. Then his mind flashes backthrough history and five episodes areunfolded. The first deals with Adamand Eve in the Garden of Eden. Thesecond moves on Ancient Rome withthe Emperor Claudius the victim ofhis siren mistress, Messalina. Thethird revolves around the medievallegend of Heloise and the monk,Abelard. The fourth is fanciful, theBritanny love lyric of a fisher lad anda mermaid. The fiftj? takes placeduring the Civil Waft. Then thestory switches back to modern days,with the philosopher of the prologuediscovering that the great Europeanwar had revolutionized modern woman. Stirring scenes of the conflictclose the remarkable production.oTHE HOT WEATHER STOVESCHAMBERS HRELESS GASRANGES.Get a pamphlet and see what youcan save by using a Chambers Fireless Gas Range. Let us show youthis stove it's a wonder.(30-8t) JOHN MERRINGER.oTO RAISE FUNDS P0R MASSIE ME-MORIAL HOSPITALBeginning Friday, June 20, a driveto raise the sum of $20,000 for thebenefit of the Massie Memorial Hospital in this city, will start. Thecampaign was decided upon at a recent meeting of interested citizens,held at the court house. Mr. SamuelClay was elected chairman of thecampaign and Mr. James Caldwellvice-chairman, which assures themovement being in perfect goodhands.The fund is to be used for the purpose of providing needed improvements at the institution and to meetother demands not included in theeveryday expenses. An advisoryBoard was appointed composed of thefollowing: Joseph W. Davis, N. Ford.tsrent, ueorge W. Wilder, A. B. Hancock, Chas. P. Mann, M. Peale Collier, M. J. Lavm, John Woodford,John F. Davis, Pearce Paton, Ed.Burke, Clarence Thomas and E. B.January.Obief of Police Link and the patrolmen of the police force wereDusy yesterday serving notices onParis business men of the new licenseschedule required of them, effectiveJuly 1.CUTTING DOWN FORCE.Nineteen men, mostly employed inthe yardst and in other places around j'Pari, we're "laid off" last week by'-the Louisville & Nashville. The, reason for the suspension was not madepublic .ZATEST ON THE TOWN. !Have you seen the new, car?OAKLAND MOTOR SALES CO.,108 Tenth Street.CUT THOSE WEEDS!Is that weed patch yours? Cutthen down. The city is just as responsible as a private owner, andshould not overlook an opportunityto set an example for others to follow. Some vegetable matter may bepretty and pleasing to the eye, andyet be a menace to the health of thecommunity.The Board of Health will enforcethe ordinance regarding the cuttine-of weeds in the city. They must becut within five days from date of thisnotice. - . , !iA. H. KELLER,City Health Officer.Paris, Ky., June 17, 1919.(17-3t)Is the sex line onlyphysical and notmoral?SEE'WOMAN'GETS IN BAD.Guy Nelson, colored, of Paris, forgot to1 leave his Gatling gun at homewhen he paid a visit to Lexington,Saturday night: 'He was arrested ina store on Limestone street by Detectives Hale and Cropper on acharge of carrying concealed deadlyweapons, wnen searched a miniature cannon was found in his pocket.ttis forgetfulness brought himtrouble, as he was taken to the policestation. In police court yesterday hewas assessed a fine of $25 and fdventen days in jail.o-t :SAVE $3.00 TO $5.00 ON PALMBEACH SUITS,Our Palm Beaches are now ready.You know our prices are right., Putone on and save from ?3.00 to $5.00.L. WOLLSTEIN,(6-tf) 619 Main Street.REDUCED FARE TO SESSIONSSTATE EDUCATIONALASSOCIATIONReduced fare to the meeting ofKentucky Educational Associationthis year may be secured by the certificate plan only. When ticket ispurchased to Louisville a receipt orcertificate must be required of theticket agent. This receipt is to bepresented to the Secretary of the Association, who will-countersign it andpresent to a special agent in Louisville for validation. It may then beexchanged for a return ticket atonly one-third the regular fare. Thereceipt is absolutely necessary withpurchase of ticket to Louisville and;no consideration can be given if receipt is not presented to Secretaryof the Association.FARM BUREAU ASSUREDFarmers and their wives shoppingin Owensboro will have a place torest, now that a Farm Bureau isassured. The movement which culminated in this organization, waslaunched early last May, when DeanThomas Cooper, of the College of Agriculture suggested a bureau to thepresidents of the farmers' clubs anda group of business men of Daviesscounty.Five hundred and sixty-two memberships were secured at $5 each bythe veteran solicitors who made theLiberty Loan drives a success. Offices will be fitted up for the CountyAgent and the Home DemonstrationAgent with a portion of this fund.A reading room for farmers and anattractive rest room for their wiveswill be arranged. The rest room willalso have a woman in charge whowill took after small children so theirmothers may shop in Owensborocomfort.m?MONEY RIGHT IN YOUR HANDFOR EGGS, POULTRYAND JUNK.fors,Highest cash pricepoultry, hides and junk.MUNICH & WIDES CO.,(11-tf) Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.B0URB0NITES TO GRADUATE ATSTATE UNIVERSITY.The commencement exercises ofthe University of Kentucky will beheld in the University Chapel to-to-morrow.Among the members ofthe graduating class of 1919 are thefollowing from Bourbon county:Miss Marie Collins, North Middletown, in College of Arts and Sciences; John Thornton Connell, ofParis, in College of Jurnalism; EliBarelo Friedman, of Paris, in Industrial Chemistry; Misses Sarah Mildred Collins and Eliza Clay Mason,of North Middletown, in Home Economics; Charles Landen Templin andJames Stuart Wallingford, of Paris,in College of Electrical and Mechanical Engineering.FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSSpecial LotofLadies' Suitsat$15.00Just Received:June ShipmentofWelworth Waistsat $2.50Wirthmor Waistsat $1.50FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSAutomobile DeliveryViAre You Going to KeepCool This Summer?..You may say it depends on the weatherman, but you can get the better of theweather man if you come here to buy oneof our suits that means coolness and comfortall summer. It's all in buying the right kindof clothes the kind we have ready for you.Just to try on one of these suits will convinceyou that you should buy one.Palm Beaches, Mohairs andCrashesThe Kind That Keep Yon Cool$10.00 to $18.00Try One of Walsh's Strawsor Panamas for RealHead ComfortStraws$1 to $5Panamas$4 to $6Leghorns$2 to $4Underwear of ComfortWe have the kind that will l keep , youcool and comfortable. . Union suits amd twopiece garments are shown in abundance.' '"' Yl FtI ill - 1 ritft m.. xrart orrtu ITHE OKMIHNK CLOTHJjfO. Wf OOOOAU. WORSTED CO.R. P. WALSH7th and MainOne-Price StoreiiParis, Ky.s?- . -(5f3-'r-.it,.vTUESDAY, JUNE 17, 1019.THE BOUBBOK NEWS, PATHS, KENTOCTPAOEEIYI - I-fJr?):VcjE3BypnMMMt.M.l; .. . . ...,. .I . .aacjBT"-MJ vaMMH(FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSECOMFORTABLE, COOL CLOTHES.Thin and light in weight, yet thetind that wear. Palm Beaches from$15 up.J. "W. DAVIS & CO.oEBESE BATLY.Freshday.(It)rolls received fresh everyC. P. COOK & CO.oELAG BAY OBSERVESSaturday was Flag Day, a day setapart by the Government or by thearious State governments for thedisplay of the United States flag. Theday was observed here by the displayof flags on residences and businesshouses.oELECTED DIRECTOR.Mr. Henry A. Power, president ofthe Power Grocery Company, ofParis, was elected a member of theBoard of Directors of the NationalWholesale Grocers' Association, atThe convention of that organizationeld in Cincinnati. Mr. Power wasn attendance upon the sessions ofLe convention.o"Y" SWIMMING CLASSESEvery Tuesday and Friday swimMing classes will be instructed at theY M. C. A. gymnasium by Miss Harriet Rogers, who has been re-electedinstructor. The schedule is as follows: Beginners, from 9:00 to 10:00a m.; swimmers, from 10:00 to11.00 a. m.; advanced classes, from11-00 to 12:00m.; church and schoolclasses, from 3:00 to 4:00 p. m.;swimmers, from 4:00 to 5:00 p. m.oTHE TIME DRAWS NIGH GET AJOHN DEERE BINDERIf you get the best and strongestbinder made, buy a John Deere. Wesave you money on refrigerators,lawn mowers, paints and varnishes.The best lot of binder twine to behad is here. We will save youmoney.FARMERS' SUPPLY CO.oFUGITIVE ARRESTED.Junius Ayers, of Paris, who recently effected his escape from the Parisjail by squeezing through the bars ofhis cell and scaling a wall, was arrested in Lexington, Friday afternoon by Detectives Veal and Maloney, on a charge of petit larceny.It was alleged that he had stolen aquantity of wire and electrical supplies from the power-house of theLexington Utilities Co., on Loudonavenue. Ayers was arrested in Parisby Chief of Police Link as a fugitive, having made his escape fromthe Qreendale Reform. School, nearLexington. 'Ayers was given, a hearing beforePolice Judge Riley, at nine o'clockSaturday morning, and held to answer to the Grand Jury in the sum of$500. Failing to furnish this he wasremanded to the custody of the Fayette county jailer.; o n S.&"" EOBDS W DEADLOCKInterlocked like two of the mighty-fis-htpr of old. the bull moose, twoFord machines wTerefound on thePeacock pike near Paris yesterdaymorning, abandoned by their ownersor drivers. y jv.The machines, from their positionhad evidently met in a head-on collision, and were reared up on theirhind wheels, still further carryingout the simile of the fighters of thewoods. It has not been ascertainedwhether the occupants of the machines were injured or not.Saturday afternoon a rear-end collision occurred in front of the Moorepool room, between two " machines,both of which were slightly damaged.The machine in front stopping verysuddenly was crashed into by an autoin the rear. No one injured.o 1ELECTBIC FANS KEEP K00LAlO) KOMPOBTABLELargest shipment of Westinghouseelectric fans ever brought to Parishas just been received. All sizes,styles and prices. See the small bedroom fan it is a comfort almost indispensible. PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.(3-tf)oHRELESS GAS RANGES.Let us show you the five big pointsin the Chambers Fireless Gas Range.See window display. '(30-8t) JOHN MERRINGER. .oTO MAKE TIGHT ON BRIGHTAUTO HGHTS.. fTHE NEWS was informed Sundayfiight that the Bourbon county authorities will begin an active' campaign against all .automobile ownersand drivers having bright headlightson their machines, and those usingBpot lights, either in the city or thecounty.According to the informant 'allmachines must be "equipped' withdimmers or lenses to prevent a brightght from the headlights. A Statelaw prohibits the use of a spot lightn an automobile, either in the cityon a county road.The fine for a violation of the lawis from ?5 to ?25, with court costsadded.It is to be hoped the authoritieswill si-o sro after the neoDle whoPark their cars in front of a businessat a time.Tbey need' a stirring up,'SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mr. Fred Frendburg, of Birmingham, Alabama, former resident ofParis, is a guest of friends hereMr. and Mrs. W. O. Butler leftSunday for an extended visit to relatives in Owen county.TM' W' B Knox has returnedto her home in Eminence after a visitto relatives and friends in Parisxt75 JS -W .Whitley. of Patigo,North Carloina, is a guest of hisson, Mr. Wade H. Whitley, and Mrs.Whitley, on Vine street.Miss Anna Louise White -has returned from Hamilton College tospend the summer vacation in Pariswith her parents, Mr. and Mrs. FrankMiss Lenora Alliband has returned to her home in this city after a two-months' visit to Rev. andMrs. Julian A. McClintock, at the"Summit," in Richmond.Mr. Henry Nippert, of Chattanooga, Tenn., who has been visitinghis brother, Mr. Phil Nippert, hasgone to the MassiG Memorial Hospital for medical treatment.Prof. Lee Kirkpatrick, Superintendent of the Paris Public Schools,has gone to Hot Springs, Ark., in response to a message apprising him ofthe serious illness of his mother.Mr. James Wilcox, of Daytona,Floriday, is a guest of Paris relatives.Mr. Wilcox is now business managerand managing editor of the EastCoast News, published at Daytona.Mrs. Cassius M. Clay is in NewHaven, Conn., to attend the com-mencment exercises of Yale College.ner son, iir. uassius M. Clay III, is amember of the graduating class of1919.Mrs. J. D. Houston, of Wichita,Kansas, who has been a guest of Mr.and Mrs. Watson Judy, at theirapartments in the Robneel left Saturday for a visit to relatives in Detroit. Miss Helen Hutchcraft, of Paris,has registered for the course in theseventh! annual Summer School ofMethods, which will convene in Lexington at Transylvania College, tomorrow. Mr. and Mis. Milton C. Ross, ofureenneia, uino, and Mr. and Mrs.Edward Rhodes, of Hillsboro, Ohio,are guests of Mr. and Mrs. T. T. Templin, making the trip overland intheir auto.Mr. and Mrs. Jos. Shawhan, ofCenterville, attended the commencement exercises at the Eastern Kentucky State Normal School, at Richmond, where their daughter, MissJosephine Shawhan, graduates.Miss Stella Stevens, who hasbeen teaching m the Paris Citv-Schools durinthe past school term.has returned to her home in Mt.Sterling to remain until the re-openingof the school in September.Mrs. Wade Whitley was hostessSaturday afternoon to a party atbridge. Mrs. James B. Woodford wasawarded the first prize and Mrs.Thompson Tarr the consolation prize.Mrs. Whitley also entertained atbridge yesterday.Mr. James Higgins, of the Bourbon Laundry forces, who has been inMartinsville, Indiana, for severalweeks, taking treatment for rheumatism, returned Sunday, greatly improved. Mr. Higgins visited relativesin Indianapolis before his return.Miss Christine Thomason, ofParis, was on the receiving line at areception and dance given in Winchester by Miss Sallie Prewitt Gay,in honor of Miss Clara Coleman, cfComo, Miss, and the members of MissElizabeth Pendleton's house party.Miss . Anna Louise White, ofParis, and Miss Mildred Wood, ofShelbyville, are members of a houseparty being entertained inNBardstownby Miss Lucy Hinkle. A dinner dancewill be given in their home next Friday by Mr. Ogden Stiles.Mrs. J. J. Taylor, of Leaksville,South Carolina, and her granddaughter, Margaret Taylor, are guests ofrelatives in Paris. Mrs. Taylor willbe joined in a few days by her husband, Dr. J. J. Taylor, formerly president of Georgetown College.Mr. and Mrs. Brinch Meinertzleft' Sunday for a two months' visitto the former's parents, Capt. andMrs. S. Meinertz, at Strandvejan,Hellerip, Copenhagen, Denmark.Mr. Meinertz is the head landscapeartist at the Xalapa Farm of Mr.Edward Simms, near Paris.Mr. and Mrs. J. Stuart Roberts,of near Paris, have as guests Mrs.Roberts' sister, Mrs. Everett Anderson, of Ft Leavenworth, Kansas.Major Anderson is now in Washington, ,D. C, on military business, andwill , join Mrs. Anderson in a fewdays for their summer vacation.Society en masse enjoyed the"assembly evening" at the CountryClub near Lexington, Saturday afternoon. For the dinner and informal dance there were a number ofparties, large and small. Among thehosts at the tables were ,Miss KateAlexander and Mrs. B. F. Buckley, ofParis''$Irs. Laura Wiggins and daughter, Itfiss Rachel Wiggins, entertained at tea at their home near Hutchison. Assisting in the receiving linewere Mrs. J. Miller Ward, Mrs. SamClay, 'Mrs. Warren Rogers, Mrs.Catesby Woodford, Sr., Mrs. , JohnYerkesi Mrs. Chas. S. Daugherty,YerkesA'.Mrs. Chas. G. 'Daugherty,.Nancy '.Griffith. Over, one hundredguests 'enjyed the delightful afternoon. 'Mrs. Calla Thomas Nichols washostess recently a bridge given ather home on Eighth street to a partyof friends. The first prize was wonby Mrs. Thomas Buckner. The guestspresent were Mesdames J. M. Hall,John Yerkes, Thompson H. Tarr,James Dodge, Duncan Bell, James W.Thompson, Buckner Woodford, HenryJudy, Will G. McClintock, Robt Meteer Thos. Buckner, Walter Kenney,Prank Collier, 'O.' T. Hinton, J. T.Tansant, Misses Lorine and Ollie Butler Nancy Griffith, Rachel Wigginsland Macie Talbott-- F - ....RELIGIOUS.Eld. Frank M. Tinder, pastor ofthe North Middletown ChristianJ church, began a revival meeting atj Jackson, Ky., Sunday. Services wereconducted at the North Middletownchurch at? the usual hours Sunday,by the officers of the church.An all-day conference-wide Elementary Institute for the MethodistChurch, South, will be held in Parison Wednesday, June 18, at the Methodist Church. District officers, conference officers and delegates fromvarious churches throughout theKentucky Conference will be in attendance. Miss Annie Marie Hanson,an Elementary .Sunday School expert, from Nashville, Tenn., will bepresent and take part in the pro-gram. Otner visiting speakers willalso be in attendance. The programwill be one of unusually interestingfeatures.BATHING PARTIES POPULARCan you imagine anything moreenjoyable at this time of the year,when the mercury is absolutely slopping over the top of the tube, andespecially if indulged in by youngsters who know no fear of the water.The bathing "beaches" aroundParis are receiving an extensive patronage thes hot nights, and "swimming parties" are the order of thenight, as well as the day. Both oldand young enjoy the sport. Thebeach in the rear of the old BluegrassLeague ball park seems to be themost popular resort.oWOOL WANTED.We pay market price for yourwool. Sacks ready. We receivewool at both our North Middletown and Paris warehouses.CLARKE & YOUNG.(apr22-tf)For Sale,Ford Roadster, practically new.OAKLAND MOTOR SALES CO.(17-3t) 108 Tenth Street.Please Return It.If the party who took distributorparts from Chevrolet car on Millersburg pike will return same to JackOwsley, Paris, no questions will beasked. (It)For SaleFirst-class, 7-passenger, 6-cylin-derStudebaker car for sale. Tires ingood shape and paint hardly scratched. A bargain for the cash.RAY HARRIS,(17-2t) Phones 226.LostSomewhere in Paris the top of amilk or cream can, made of unusually heavy block tin. Of no earthlyuse to anyone but the owner of thecan. Will the finder please leave itat this office? (It)Plants For Sale.Late cabbage and tomato plants,in any desired quantity. Excellentstock. One and one-half block fromtraction line. Call on or address,(17-4t) JOS. LAVIN.Are more men ledastray by pure woman than by impurewoman;SEE"WOMAN"THE FAIR, Money Saving Items ForFRIDAY AND SATURDAYRead the special prices and be convinced we are offering you somespecial' values: ' -We are simply overstocked on thefollowing -items and therefore cutthe price deep.Cups or Saucers, unhandled, set ofsix for 39 c.Odd Cups only 6 cents each.Heavy tumblers, each 5 c.1-gallon Milk Covers, 15c.Flower Pots, 25c size, at 16c. iHeavy Tin Wash Basins, 15c. 'Grey .Enamelled Basins, 15c.1 -French Waffle Irons, 98c: Screen Door Springs, 7c.Granite Iron Milk Pans, 10c.J-.'Fruit Jarsy Jelly Tumblers, JellyMoulds, Dish Pans, all kinds and sizes(overstocked) some as low as 25ceach; Milk Cans, all sizes.Special Week-End Sale Candy, Saturday Only.Turkish Dainties, assorted, andflavored, ivith pure fruit juices, freshand fine, very special 25c per pound.THE FAIRHARRY SIMON'SDecided Values. Offered InVoile DressesThis is ideal dress weather and in this delightfulstriking values for hot weather wear. All the wantedto be seen in the new style ideas.rNew Georgette HatsIn all the latest shades, and trimmings for mid-summer wear. Then, too, wewe are offering these new hats at unusual prices.HARRY SIMON224-228 West Main St., Lexington, Ky;Main Street, Paris, Ky..Jrfi- 'know it isTHE J.EITHERPHONE 36Motor HearseAt$15 to $25Beautify yourWillilmJT iMky' Yr m& l fUWtWtBP IWMB :Take a look at your old papers on the Wall andthen come In and look at our new, up-to-date wallpapers.You know not how many poisonous "germs"lurk hidden in the cracks of your rooms.Be sanitary and beautify your home for yourfamily's sake. And you may have visitors.right.'tr; Jv.r2. .T. HINTON CO.PARIS, KENTUCKY SIXTH AND MAINMotor Invalid Coach Undertakingshowing you'll find someshades and colorings are!XHomvuiNewjStylishWallPapers.t x -'iv.i) I.. . rg V' ?V!, 1 1J 'fa, - v w s.i, f.H,nHin!lsi1i!f -ViihuL-iA,("I1(Other Personals on Page 3.)also.IIMlBI'Hwlge-six " w MmmmTHE BOTOBOH HEWS, PARIS, KEM'UOKTTUESDAY, JUNE 17; 1019.UFT CORNS OFIT DOESN'T HURTWith fingers ! Corns lift out andcosts only few cents,: reV IMXlPain? No. not one bit! Just dropa little Freezone on that touchycorn, instantly it stops aching, thenyou lift that bothersome corn rightoff. Yes, magic! Costs only a fewcents.Try; Freezone! Your druggist sellsa tiny bottle, sufficient to rid yourfeet of every hard corn, soft corn, orcorn between the toes, and calluses,without .one particle of pain, soreness or irritation. Freezone is themysterious ether discovery of a Cincinnati genius. (adv)oIMAGINATION(Wall Street Journal.)Two New York business men recently attended a lecture on "ThePowers of Imagination." On their-way home they entered into discussion as to the truths pointed out byIhe lecturer."There is a good deal in imagination, I really believe," said noe."Imagine in your mind what youwant and if your conviction isStrang and good you can realize yourideal.""You are right," his friend agreed.Then, after a few moments' thought:"I see concrete examples of it everyday in Wall street.""Yes?" asked the other interested."It is good that financial men arerealizing a truth, that is really helpful in business. Tell me what youknow about it.""I know and hear," said the WallStreet man, "every day of certain'groups of people who hold in theirminds copper lands, oil strikes, dia- Jmond mines and other sucli things.And because of their strong conviction they are able to reap harvestsof gold from the public. Imagination certainly is a wonderful thing."oBOON TO MANKIND.rOne of the Interesting Exhibits Shown atthe Methodist Centenary CelebrationTO prove that his soul is above worldly troubles and physical pain, thisHindu fakir nonchalantly reclines on a bed of spikes, much to theamazement of less spiritual observers. The bed of spikes will be one of theinteresting exhibits shown at the Methodist Centenary Celebration, in Columbus, O., June 20 o July 13. Whether a fakir, Hindu or otherwise, canbe found to demonstrate his vower of endurance pn it is still an unsettledquestion with celebration clBcials. 'It is recalled that the late Dr. MaryWalker was the inventor of thedouble collar band in men's shirts,which, corrected the old evil of thecollar button rubbing a blister on aman's -neck or leaving a blue birthmark.' After all, the eccentric ladydoctor wore masculine apparel tosome purpose. Neither the casualman nor woman seemed ever to havethought of this simple idea. If allthe women would take to wearingmen's shirts other improvementsanight be found and maybe wre mightget an elastic sleeve. On the otherband, most of the advance in corsetsias been made since some of ourHyperions and Apollos have taken towearing 'the blamed things. -oALMOST THE SPEED HMIT.(Harper's Monthly.).J' At Chattanooga," said a veteranof (the Civil War, "one of the men inmy command left early in the actionami no one saw him till after the battle,, when he appeared in camp unbounded and unabashed. Some ofthe boys accused him of runningaway, but he wouldn't admit it."I only retreated in good order,'he-declared."I heard of the matter, and a fewdays later I asked him if he had anyidea how fast he had 'retarded.'" 'Well, I'll tell you, Cap'n,' he said,'if I had been at home and goingafter the doctor, folks that saw mepassin would have thought my wifewas right sick.' "oDuring 1918 the amount of opiumso).tt by Formosa was valued at $305,29 as against $162,412 in 1916.MICK1E SAYSNSSfc THIS WERE POPULARFMsMlN JOURNM. MhtfS TOPWNt TUE NAME Or" EVJW.fcOONNTHS KECK O'fHE WOODSAJ LEfcS-f ONCE PwVJERyaO-fOFFEHE.'M P NOV) MEMERSEE NOOriV4, NVEfcBt VYS SOVJR.OWN FA.UU-T. G-l-T B1Z.XN AMDWJkKE SOME MENSVl VOO1AME YJIU. BE K "THEPAMPER fcVfcS WJ6EK. SEE?aI .row " ft )I 7VAT5 BMTo Play Great Organ atthe Methodist CentenaryMRS. MONTGOMERY LTNCH ofSeattle -will play the great $60,000 owaa in the presentation of "TheWayfarer," the magnificent pageantof the Metkodist Centenary Celebration, in Columbus, O., June. 20 to July13. Montgomery Lynch, her husband,will direct the chorus of 1,000 voice,which is a part of the pageant..REDUCED FAREADDS INTERESTVisitors to Methodist Centenaryto Be Weil Cared For.?1 per day for a single person in aroom and ?1.50 per day for two persons in a room.Always generously provided withrestaurants, Columbus at the presenttime is having its number largely reinforced by reason of many places being turned into restaurants whichwere occupied as cafes before May24, when the state became dry. Inaddition to theae, extraordinary facilities for feeding large numbers quickly are being installed in the exposition grounds.MONSTER SCREEN ATTHOOiST CENTENARYSpeciai Lantern Devised ForThrowing Pictures.REGISTRATIONS OK INCREASEflouting Committee of the CelebrationHave More Than Ferty ThousandRwm In Private Homes at TheirDisposal, Where Those Who AttendCan Be Lodged as Conviently asat a Hetel. .Announcement y the governmentthat a special low rate of one and &third fares for the round trip hasbeen authojiied for the celebration,Oohimbus, 9W June 3d t July 13, hastremendovtJif increase the interestkx that event and advanced manifoldthe inquiries and registrations coming from ail parts of the UnitedStates. M headquarters the otherday a single mail brought cash registrations from 14 separate states andSouth America.The low rate has increased workfor the special committees, whichare responsible for housing the largeinflux of YisitorB now seen to be certain. Accommodations fall into threeclasses:First, the hotels, which hare anaverage daily capacity of 5,904 visitors: ' "" ,.--,--The second field of accommodationwill be' in "public buildihgs, which havebeen specially fitted up for this sortof service for'ths celebration. Tfceseinclude the State School for the Blind,the State School for the Deaf, thelarge barracks which were provWedat Ofcio State university for the student army training corps, and otherbuildings of a similar nature held inreserve should the throng exceedTen present generous expectations.The third line of convenience forthe hospitality of Columbus is in thehomes of the citizens tkesaselves.More ttiai 40,IM rooms have tieslisted with 'tbV: housing committee,and. these are card indexed by legation, telephone mumher and ssttmeans of access. Visiters to the Celbratien ean -'be lodged as lOemYeniently as &. clerk at a hotel assigns avisiter & his ream. "Tn order tkatthere might be no misunderstanding,the committee in charge kas a ua4teep rate frr acMtmmedattoas In privais dwellings. The charge wiU heColumbia Professor in Charge ofExhibits atMetkodist CentenaryflBSBsnnnmBBsv.mpsssssssssssssnnssfl!'-aeSBennnnanj:::ACiuRnBBislnnnnwenyf::sfetgjWHMnPJmSSvffiSgBBMBSSSSSSSSjKSSSSSMaTMwBsnHliaCSBBsnnssenm$f "iJ!iiJasennnMaaennf': Jh3SSSBBBBBSBW &$ V:!iSjCTliBBBBnBBBS' mmmsmimmmmmPROFESSOR LA MONT"XWAR" NBR ol CbluMbfa Tiniverslty Isdirector of fine arts and designer ofexhibits and scenery for the" Methodist Centenary Celebration, in 'Columbus, O:, Jun 20 to" July' U. Onplans which he laid' down, the multitude of exhibits, domestic and foreign, have beenirrrfedri'tliV buildings in scenic effects making Ihemat once appropriate 'and efefative.Prefesser Warner ' kad charge ofworld exhibits keld in Boston, Ohicage, Baltimere and Pre?18ece infant years, and has studied a4ed akread.ennnnnf ensn Bssssrpsesssss pssss psssfBBSnT BsSBSV SBSSsWsssssssssss sessn sssssv.BBsnnnnW-SBBsnnnnW sssf 'bbsbw sBssnaBSSBsV ssbbV.eBsm MjBM K'BsssssssnannW sH'sBsaV "" .ssssnal 'dly fBBBBj Bfl v BBBBBBBF BBBlTHESMOOTHESTSMOKINGTOBACCOHTiME given the right chanceputs character in a man's face,horse-sense under his hat, and mel-Inw fren'linessinto his tobacco.Finishing details are being placedon the arrangements for the erectionof the largest screen for the projection of pictures ever built in theworld. This is to be one of the features of the Methodist Centenary Celebration, to be held in Columbus,Jusie 20 to July 13.This monster screen will have a.surface for pictures 115x115 feet. Theactual structure will be several feetlarger in each direction. A speciallantern hag been successfully devisedfor throwing these tremendous pictures the necessary distance. Thescreen will be 250 feet from the nearest spectator and will be built towithstand 40 pounds pressure to thesquare foot. The lantern which willproject these pictures has alreadysuccessfully thrown pictures on ascreen in New York City across a,distance of four and a half cityblocks. According to Architect HarryC. Holbrook, the screen will be, ineffect, three sides of a house. It isnecessary to give it the foundationsequivalent to a four-story building.In order that there may be as muchsalvage as possible after the screenhas served its purpose, the pictureface will be of fitted lumber, whichlater will be treated with a whitesurface preparation.The estimated cost of this screenwill be 18,00.0. The screen and thelantern will be used in showing thetens of thousands of views, made allover the world by the MethodistMissionary Survey, which has thefinest collection of pictorial "reviewsanywhere in the world.ftSwTime is a big factor in givingVelvet Tobacco its mildness and'character."Velvet ages for two whole years inwooden hogsheads. During thislong period the choice Burley leavestake on a kindly quality of coolness, a rich fragrance 'taste" thatappeals to pipesmokers old andyoung.Don't hurry, but justwalk into the next storeand lay down a dimeand a nickel and sayVELVET" the tobacco that isn't harsh but'is friendly.15c sml-" CTiihUV Ht3BSiMeKrflsjitel InJnJEsiRSfer mmman-J:twMs1MSVA'.s-lA -,y $ii-z 7WnWKBBSF mrf-' T-'-ULts- v-ftS.-vfc"T'- r"J'"-'"--."-- dSBrjBnnr: . -- mMpmkg&m ml SIsillMllllliLIUllLlillljni1liilLlUlllMW .RfHm.iSg ffl.Roll a VELVET CigaretteMUCH - TRAVELED CHRISTMASBOX FINALLY DELIVERED.Marion Howard, of Versailles, formerly in the U. S. naval aviation, service, has just received, in good condition, a Christmas box that had beenon the move nearly seven months andhad traveled no less than 11,000miles, crossing the Atlantic Oceantwice.The box was shipped to Mr. Howard by his mother, Mrs. Z. T. Howard, of Versailles, Nov. 10, last, whenlie was stationed at Eastleigh, England. When the box reached Eastleigh he had left there and so it wasforwarded to first one and then another naval base in Prance and fromPrance into Germany, where a"tracer" located it and started itback to Versailles.It went through countless handsand many doughboys, who passed iton, probably eyed it with a suspicionthat it might contain something goodto eat, yet the contents were intactwhen it reached Versailles. Thecandy and some other edibles, ofcourse, were somewhat stale.oTO PREVENT BELCHINGrMake a regular habit of eatingslowly, masticate your food thoroughly, and you may have no furthertrouble. If you should, take one ofChamberlain's Tablets immediatelyafter supper.(june-adv)oYOUTHS NEARLY 21 MAY VOTEIN AUGUST PRIMARY.Candidates have called attention tothe fact that young men who will' nothave attained their twenty-firstbirthday in August, but who will betwenty-one at the time of the November election may vote in the primary. ,Manyi young -men are of theopinion that they will not be entitled to vote in the primary.: oGermany has produced the greatest potato crop, with the UnitedStates second and the "British Empire third. - ;- 4 -gPPjLsJBjJiaHBf JSLMmil mUiffr 1 lr vuJjCi 1 A5Js -v -"Wffcv" r"w- ' ,-iim ! BBSSSSSSSBStMBSSSS -"i "ffe psc JBBHMgS"8WaMI!sssWitBBBBBbVSVAaU'vh --4-BfBSMlllffflHHIeBMHHs VlBfJBstslBMyJMSSStiHilritfflVsbssbSzVIbBHbssssIV'wCSsHHslVPiy 1 rs -islW wC)CiV.fgfgfgfgfAZ Zli ,'i3b(hieDropT - mi.&Burbn PuHqeHtHlftfo;i2a&lZ2&!& CURES-!rinklaz water cures 3 A PkQand prevents white nxL& MJLfdiarrhoea, cholera and other chickdiseases. One 60c bottle makes ISsallonB of. medicine. Pint bottle,price $1.20,- makes 32 gallons. Atdrug-gists, or gent by mail postpaid.Bourbon Remedy Co., Lexington, Ky. )The ImprovedMccormickBINDERThey are scarce and the dealers andjobbers are 'way behind with their orders.If you want the best, a McCORMICK, buyNOW while we have them.:' i'.The Best Binder Twinein the World.1 .?. ,,; f o:- ; 5' ''V f' 5ff SJ tBall GarageV 1Fourth and Pleasant Streets,TUESDAY, JUNE 17, 1019.THE BOUXBOH NEWS, PAXXS, KEHTUCKY-WLGXWTXFA A New2m SaveaW x yWay toSoap!-,and.LargerPackagesJust a tablespbonful of GRANDMA, the wonderful powderedsoapun the water. That takes theplace of all the chipping, dicingnd rubbing that you do nowwhenever you wash or clean.And yoa save soap. You knowjust how much to use.Isn't it simple? What woman wouldput up with the fuss and bother ofbar soap lying around and wastingaway, when she can now have toilmarvelous powdered soap,Try this Powdered Soap Today!Grandma's Powdered SoapSaves TIME Saves WORK Saves SOAPYour Grocer Has It!OLD AND NEW BATTLE NAMES ! 5S8S? 5 WmLCROP EEPOET OF JUNE 1.The prolonged and excessive wetweather throughout May has retarded the planting of crops. Withtwenty-two days of rain in May preparation of the soil for the planting ofcrops has been next to impossible.Wheat is somewhat damaged and notas high a yield is expected as theearly conditions warranted. However, the condition as a State average is 94 per cent, which is 5 percent less than this time last year.Rye shows up somewhat better witha condition of 97 per cent as compared with 99 per cent in 1918. Barley is an exceptionally small crop inthis State and but few reports aremade on same. Condition is givenat 95 per cent.Anticipated acreage of corn is.given at 98 per cent. Owing to thecontinued cold and wet weather, the . ties and a short crop may be expectedpraparation of the ground was great-' "with the exception of blackberries,lv delayed and the condition of the Condition of fruit is as follows:cent, with about 31 per cent of cropset. Dark tobacco acreage palnnedis given at 82 per cent, which is 10per cent less than estimated in 1918.Condition of plants is gven. at 90'per cent with 34 per cent of crop set.Grasses show up well:Bluegrass, 96 per cent.Clover, 93 per cent.Orchard grass, 93 per cent.Alfalfa, 92 per cent.First cutting of alfalfa has made afair yield.The general outlook for yield ofhay is given at 84 per cent. Expected acreage of soy beans is 90 per cent,while that of cow peas is 83 per cent.Livestock shows in good condition,the same being 97 per cent of normal,while poultry only shows at 80 percent.The early frost has proven verydisastrously to fruit in most locali-Hard to Bestow Appropriate Appellations Upon Conflicts HavingWide Fronts.There seems to have been little trouble in the past in naming battles, although even Waterloo is called QuatreBras by the French. But on the wholea name seems to have ''attached itself to a battle quite naturally, likeBlenheim,. Talavera, Jena, Leipzig, theNile and Trafalgar.But In the great war, where a battle extended over weeks of time overa forty-mile front, including many villages, and sometimes several objectives In the shape of big towns, thedifficulty of naming a battle with aname that Is universally recognized Isextreme.The names which .have actually settled down completely and taken theirplaces in history are the battle of theMarne, the two battles of Ypres, thebattle of Verdun, the battle of theBight, the battle of Jutland, the battle of the Somme, and that seems almost all.The battles of the later phasesofthe war have hardly settled down to aname yet. Probably the battle inwhich the Vimy ridge was stormedwill be known as Arras; but the battle of Messines will probably be asticker, just as the Chemin des Dameswill live in French annals for alltimes.Perhaps the great battle which atthe time seemed disastrous to Britisharras, commencing on March 21, 1918,will go down to history as the battleof Amiens, while the battle of Cambral may stand for all that heroic recovery which brought the British totheir final victory.ground as of June 1st was 75 percent. It is estimated that 51 percent of planting of corn has beencompleted, but some ground remainsyet unbroken. Condition of growingcorn is 72 per cent. Some replantingof early corn will be necessary inmany localities.Oats acreage is estimated at 91 percent, which is 6 per cent lower thanlast year, while condition is shownat 95 per cent. Hemp acreage hasfallen low with practically onlyabout one-tenth of reports coming inApples, 51 per cent.Peaches, 54 per cent.Pears, 48 per cent.Plums, 59 per cent.Grapes, 65 per cent.Blackberries, 101 per cent.Only about 67 per cent of a strawberry crop was reported. Gardenconditions are low, owing to the wetseason, condition of same being givenat 78 per cent, while potatoes aregiven at 89 per cent. Potato acreageshows at 93.The seasonable weather prevailingon this crop as is customary. The few , the first Week in June finds the farm-reports coming, give the acreage atjers of the State Dusy in tneir eager41 per cent, with its condition at 92. ! endeavors to get caught up in theirThe estimated acreage planned of .much retarded task of preparing theburley tobacco is 97 per cent, which ground and planting the crops.is 5 per cent less than last years es-1 arm laoor is sua scarce.GOT WEARY .OF "FLU" TALKtimate. Condition of plants is 88 perMAT S. COHEN, .Commissioner of Agriculture.Eye Examination!THE DOCTOB AWAY FROM HOMEWHEN MOST NEEDEDPeople are often very much disap-ru-klTitoH in Anil fhnf thoir Tkhvsip.in.Tlis away" from home when they mostneed his services. Diseases like painin the stomach are bowels, colic andWe use in our examination of theeyes the OPTHALMOMETER, theOPTHALMOSCOPE, RETINOSCOPE 'ed with the trial case. We" also ' diarrhoea require Pfompt traetmentmake trans-illuminary and bloodpressure tests.We specialize in theFITTING OF KRYPTOKS,The invisible bifocal lenses.Charges moderate to all.Dr. Wm. Riley FranklinSuite 203-204 First National BankBoth Phones. Paris, Ky.INTERUEBAIT SCHEDULECARS LEAVELexinsrton "For Paris "ForParis LexinetonA. M. 6.0 Ox A. M. 6:45A. M. 7:20 A. M. 7:15xA. M. 8:50 A. M. 8:15A. M. 10:20 A. M. 9:45A. M. 11.50 A. M. 11:15P. M. 1:20 P. M. 12:45P. M. 2:50 P. M. 2:15P. M. 4:20 P. M. 3:45P. M. 6:00 P. M. 5:15P. M. 7:20 P. M. 6:50P. M. 9:10 P. M. 8:15P. M. 11:00 P. M. 10:05(x) Daily except Sunday.KENTUCKY TRACTION AND TERMINAL COMPANYand have in many instances proven.fatal before medicine could be proj cured or a physician summoned. TheI right way is to keep at hand a bottle! of Chamberlain's Colic and DiarrhoeaRemedy. No physician can prescribea better meaicme tor ineae uiseasea.By having it in the house you escapemuch pain and suffering and all risk.Buy it now; it may save life.(june-adv)o: BROTHER-IN-LAW TO HIS OWN: "FATHER.! Roscoe Black and Miss MaudeHerald were married at the CountyJ Clerk's ofl&ce, in Jackson, Ky. Rev.jW. S. Vanderpool performed the cerpmnnv. The bride is a sister of Mrs.iW. D. Black and is a most attractive young girl. The groom is a sonof W. D. Black, Circuit Court Clerk,thus making Roscoe a brother-in-lawto his own father.oLAME BACK RELIEVED.For a lame back apply Chamberlain's Liniment twice a day and massage the muscles of the back over theseat of pain thoroughly at each application. (june-adv)oMany additional sugar mills arebeing erected in the Philippines especially in Negros, where the millingcapacity will be practically doubled.Visitor to Indianapolis Very Much. FedUp With Conversation Relatingto the Epidemic.L. B. Andrus of- Grand Rapids,Mich., chief of the Merchants Heatand Light company, is laboring under the impression that some "Hoosierjinx" was trailing him Wednesday eveuing. While taking dinner at a hotel hewas surrounded by delegates to thecasket manufacturers' convention.After hearing them discuss their business, which discussion naturally hadmany references to the influenza epidemic, he concluded It was no placefor him.As the evening roHed on, he begandebating with himself the questionwhether the epidemic was going to gethim, so he decided to take n Turkishbath. He had only been there a shorttime when a sick-looking individualcame in, and in a conversation withMr. Andrus said that he had only recently got over. a severe case of theinfluenza, and he had been advisedthat a Turkish bath .would get the poison out of his system and assist himto recover more rapidly.When he was talking with this man.another man came in sneezing andcoughing and inquired of Mr. Andruswhether he thought a Turkish bathwould prevent a fellow from getting abad case of the influenza.By this time Andrus said to the attendant: "Get me out of here as,quickly as possible. I have givenabout as much time as I care to presiding at the flu conference in Indianapolis." Indianapolis News.SUMMER RESORT.Boys from Paris will be invited to !a reserve Officers' Training Camp onLake Michigan this summer. The encampment has been named CampRoosevelt, as a living memorial tothe dead statesman, and 15,000 menand boys will be given a period of intensive military-physical-educational Jtraining there between July 6 andAugust 31. Captain F. L. Beals ofthe United States Army will be thecommanding officer. 'Camp Roosevelt is being established at Muskegon, Michigan, as a training place for the Chicago HighSchool boys who are in the ReserveOfficers' Training Corps, but it is notnecessary to be from Chicago or tohave had previous military trainingto be a Camp Roosevelter. It willbe an all-age, ail-American camo.open to recruits between the ages of12 and 45.The military training will includedrills, machine gun. practice, groundaviation, radio instruction and othermilitary features. The physical training will include calisthenics, 'baseball, tennis, golf, swimming, rowingana hiking. The educational training will will be under the directionof Chicago High School subjects.This feature is optional with the recruit. Camp Rosevelt is not a profit-makinginstitution. It is being financedby a committee of patriotic Chicagocitizens who believe that it may pavethe way to a program of nationalpreparedness at all times. The charge,as far as the recruit is concerned, isonly $1.00 per day to cover subsistence and equipment, instruction anda tent to sleep in. Recruits can arrange for two, four, six or eightweeks of training as desired.Camp Rosevelt will be under strictmilitary discipline and the commanding officers will have complete chargeof all added features of training.so many inquiries are coming inregarding the' camp that it has become necessary to establish executiveheadquarters at 21 N. La Salle street,Chicago, from which full informationmay be secured upon request.MiiMiwHix i i'i i-HimiimiimiiH..14 Juv1 ,.fit" ,5The 1 T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND EMBALMBRSParis Ky.Mainand SixthStreetsDay phone 36Night : - - SGor Home 286Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to withLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.ourIitTHfHfHlWII4-Htni!4H 1 1 HIHftPresident to Get Rare Book.An ancient book has been sent toPresident Wilson by Postmaster General Tordi of Florence who is a collector of rare manuscripts. The book isa rare edition of the life of Christopher Columbus and was written byFernandez, a son of the discoverer ofAmerica, and was published at Venicein 1571. Plans had been made tohave the book presented to PresidentWilson on Columbus day.Wonder What Poe Got for It.Quite a while ago an author, EdgarAllan Poe, contributed a story to Graham's Library of Fiction, No. 1. Butit hardly occurred to him that someday a collector would pick up an oldcopy of that periodical for 25 centsand presently sell it to somebody elsefor $1,000. Probably it is just as wellthat it did not, for the knowledgemight have discontented him with hisown modest emolument for writing aclassic.1A SAFE INVESTMENT TO YIELD 6.60GENERAL MOTORS CORPORATION6 CUMULATIVE DEBENTURE STOCKPar Value if S&ares, $100 Gallalli at $115 atr Slian and Accrue DMdiniDIVIDEND QUARTERLYFEBRUARY, MAY, AUGUST AND NOVEMBERThe principal products of the General Motors Corporation are:AUTOMOBILES Cadillac, Buick, Chevrolet,Oakland, Oldsmobile, Scripp-Booth.TRUCKS AND TRACTORS G. M. 0., Chevrolet, Oldsmobile, Samson.Earnings after taxes for the past nve yvToFnyear six times dividend requirements, on entire amount of Debenture and Preferred Stock outstanding.Orders may be telephoned our expense.Special circular on requestPRICE $90 PER SHAREJames C. Willson & Company210 S. Fifth StreetLOUISVILLE, KY.$216 for a Thackeray Letter.A sale of autographs and manuscripts was held at New York recently. Charles Scribner's Sons paid thetop price, $216, for catalogue No. 234.a letter of William M. Thackeray toJohn Oxenford, asking him to cometo a dinner in celebration of the completion of "Vanity Fair." The totalfor the sale was $2,752.45.CATARRHAL DEAFNESS CANNOTBE CUREDBy local application, as they cannotreach the diseased portion of the ear.There is only one way to curecatarrhal deafness, and that is by aconstitutional remedy. Catarrhaldeafness is caused by an inflamedcondition of the mucous lining of theEustachian Tube. When this tube isinflamed you have-a rumbling soundor imperfect hearing, and when it isentirely closed, deafness is the result.Unless the inflammation can be reduced and this tube restored to itsnormal condition, hearing will bedestroyed forever. Many case3 ofdeafness are caused by catarrh whichis an inflamed condition of the mucous surfaces. Hall's Catarrh Medicine acts through the blood on themucous surfaces of the system.We will give one hundred dollarsfor any case of Catarrh Deafness thatcannot be cured by Hall's CatarrhMedicine. Circulars free. All Druggists, 75 c.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio,(june-adv)oPUT PIG IN WINDOW.The Home Telephone Your ServantFor Only a Few Cents Per DayLet us analyze his qualifications: He is polite, Intelligent, willing,always on duty, day or night.He will instantly present to you the grocer, butcher, baker or any ofthe trades-folks, or the doctor, fire department or police In trntrgMMyHe will go far beyond the confines of the town and bring to you laamazingly short time a member of the family or one of your good proihpective customers.He will summons the railroad, boat or theatre ticket in a few seconds. -And as to wages, lie will only cost you in residence from 6 to 3c pday; in place of business from 10 to 12c per day. JiParis Home Telephone & TelegroiCompany(Incorporated)J. J. Veatch, District Manager. W. H. Cannon, Local Manager.A handsome pure-bred gilt wasused for display advertising in ashow window on the main street ofLawrenceburg, Ky., this spring. TheCounty Agent, who was boosting fnemembership in the Boys' and Girls'Agricultural Clubs, told your correspondent when asked about the display, "The pig attracted much attention and created very favorablecomment. Three boys joined the cluband purchased pure-bred pigs as a re-,suit of this publicity."The News Job Department is Always Busy."There's a Reason." Work Do ne Right;::?;.W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 299Comer Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.i3:i'ii'a:,isi,isAaBnlHnBaABBABl1KJCM-SlThe Lives of a Cat.A mother had two sons, one inFrance, the other attending a university near home. The son in Francewas wounded and naturally the mother felt grieved over the incident, andbeing of an excitable nature, telephoned her other son: -"John, comehome at once. Ted Is at the frontbeing killed every minute."Unreadable Signatures.General Pershing recently gave ordefS that the typewriter signature Isrequired hereafter on all official ordersand indorsements by American military men In France because of the factso many officers write their names "soblindly that it is difficult to make themout" General Pershing purposes towaste no time. In deciphering writtensignatures. . 4.RUGGLES i-' IS Bank Row, Paris, Ky, J0ifsM'1,iiSu!i1''X'wifWri.-"-AVJgfIllPAGE EIGHTTHE BOUEBON NEWS, PABIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, JUNE 17, 1019.THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMOADMISSIONAdults Ticket 1 Sc; War Tax 2c-20cChildren and Gallery.. Ticket 9c; WarTax 1c lOcrTO-DAY, TUESDAYTO-MORROW, WEDNESDAYTHURSDAY, JUNE 16thLadies' DayHIM'SHIRLEY MASONThos. Il. I neePresentsHenry Walthall:iININJ' t1JuUiiiii.UnEg IU"The Winning GirlffShe was aa easy-going- sort of girl until she was in. danger. Then she"became a tigress.She's tiny in stature, but she's full of "whizz, bang, punch!"That one moment when she corners the "human snake" that'll satisfy your desire for thrills.William Duncan,n theiSde of "The Man of Might"and Harold Lloyd Comedy, "Just Dropped In""The False Faces'Mysterious happenings, intrigue, spy plotting, U-boat outrages,love, war and victiry these are the ingredients of "The False Faces."ALSOVitagraph Comedy Passing the Buck'and Bray PictographMarion DaviesIN"The Belle of New York"See the most beautiful girls in the world the world-famous Ziegfeldbeauty chorus in "The Belle of New York."Arbuckle Comedy, "Fatty, the Masher"Nntf Two ladies will be admitted fornviC one ticket, plus two cents war tax,on Thursday of each week.!The Opera HousexoncXed! SatiiriiayMILLERSBURGtDEATHS.Col. W. M. Layson remains about.the. same.Figs! Figs! Get them at Caldwell's. The last of the season.Regular meeting of AmityLodge No. 40, F. & A. M., at 8:00p. m, to-day.Mrs. R. P. Hopper, of Mayslick,wac the guest of her sister, Mr3. J.C, Leer, Friday.Rev. W. W. Morton and Mr. W.D. Mclntyre returned Friday fromAtlanta, Ga., where they attended theGeneral Association of the SouthernPresbyterian Church.of the Millersburg Chautauqua at theMillersburg Coal and Lumber office,Friday evening, all of the officerswere re-elected for the coming year:Pres. w. D. Mclntyre, vice president,R. M. Caldwell, secretary, W. A. Butler, treasurer, S. M. Allen. The various committees are to be appointedby the president and will be madeknown in a few days.oTO CHANGE MOUNTAIN'S NAME.DILLS.Lewis H. Dills died at his homeon Wilson avenue, in Cynthiana, Saturday morning after an alliness ofseveral months of cancer. He wasthe son of the late Mr. and Mrs.Aaron Dills. He is survived by hiswife, and two daughters, Miss SudieDills and, Mrs. John Lee, of Paris; aJOINT MEETING EDUCATIONALAND PRESS ASSOCIATION.The big event of the K. E. A. thisyear is the joint session on Thursdayevening, June 26, of the KentuckyEducational Association and the Kentucky Press Association. It will bethe first time that the teachers andeditors have met together. These twoorganizations represent greater qowerthan any other in the State, and theircoming together on June 26th meansthat they are in earnest about thereconstructions problems which facepull together to accom-Tacoma and Seattle, away up in"Washington, and other communitiesout in that direction, are having awordy wrangle over what to call thegreat mountain that towers to the rclouds "just across the river." It isset down in the geography as MountRainer, but the people of Tacoma callit Mount, Tacoma, and now there isa considerate number of persons inthat country who want it named after tb,e late - Col. Roosevelt theyIjvaafc. it called Mount Roosevelt.TThe name "Rainer" was given themo&O-tain by the Canadians, in honorof a British Admiral of that namewho sank an American vessel duringthe Revolutionary War. Naturally,the name is not particularly popular on this side of the border. TheIndians called it "Tacoma" thetribe itself bore the same name,which means simply "the mountain."The Tacoma Indians were "thei Mountain Indians'oGREAT INTEREST IN NEW TRAC-TION LINE.Louisville business men are takingactive steps to assure success of theproject for connecting Louisvillewith Lexington and the Bluegrassthrough construction of a tractionline between Shebyville and Frankfort, joining the lines of the Kenuirir Tprminal & Traction Company, running out of Lexington toFrankfort, and the Louisville & Interurban Railway Company, runningfrom Louisville to Shelbyville.Through freight and passengerservice between Louisville and theBluegrass, long regarded as essentialto a full interchange of business between Louisville and Central Kentucky communities and to offset competition from Cincinnati and othercities, is offered in the new project.Twenty-one miles of traction line,costing approximately $400,000,must be built to close up the gap.The- Frankfort & Shelbyville ElectricRailway Company, incorporated inOctober, 1917, lias a ninety-nine-yeaxfranchise, has obtained rights-of-waythrough the full length of theroute and has traffic agreements as" suring through freight and passenger rates with connecting lines.1 oANYBODY KNOW THEM?In the Cincinnati Enquirer courtnews column, Saturday, appeared thefollowing:"Judge Hoffman took under consideration the .suit of William Parks,of 631 Carlisle-avenue, for divorcefxom. Sophronia Parks, of Paris, Ky."sister, Mrs. Sudie Spohn and two j lS an(j wjuorotners, Koger and James Dills. Diish the tasks thev see ahead.The funeral services were held at Governor Henry A. Allen,tne residence yesieraay aiternoon at Kansas, is the chief speaker4 o'clock, conducted by the Rev. J. k. E. A. program this year.D. Armistead, of the Christianchurch. The burial was at BattleGrove Cemetery. The pall-bearerswere E. E. Clark, R. C. Bell, S. S.Moore, S. C. Kenton,. D. N. Rees and j nomination and election to the officeW. T. King. of Governon during his absence,m make him a peculiarly distinguishedfigure. Governor Allen is on the EdTHE DESPISED BRIER. ' ucational Committee of the National, Security League and is having a largeofon theprogram tnis year. He wasonce known as the great Westernorator, but is now known as the greatorator of the United States. His workin France during tne war and nis"Good land for blackberries" is anexpression, used by many owners ofgood soil, when describing the productive qualities of a piece of landthat appears to be rather barren. Itwould seem, however, that the despised briar is to be the real aristocrat this year. With the fruit cropat about zero, strawberries few andfar between, and only a bunch ofgrapes here and there, the goodhousewife will be willing to riskstaining and scratching her hands,that the shelves in the cellar may notbe entirely empty. The heavy bloomwhich all the members of the briarfamiljr are putting forth, is certainlya welcome sight and when the winter months arrive and no fruit appears on the table, the man of the'house may wish that he had at leastan acre or two of "good land forblackberries."CABLE PRESIDENT TO LIFT BANON LICITJOR.share in the new educational pro-.gram. He has toured this country in the interest of the Red Cross,suffrage and various otner causes,and whatever his subject or wherever he speaks, there is usually anoverflow meeting.Kentucky's Governor, one of Kentucky's editors and Mrs. Cora Wilson Stewart will compose the Kentucky talent on the program thatevening.There are eleven thousand teachers and five hundred editors in thisState. The first Christian Church,Louisville, in which this final greatprogram is to be given, may not seatthem all, but arrangements will bemade to take care of the overflowand to have duplicate programs ifnecessary.R. E. Williams, Secretary of theK. E. A. and J. C. Alcock, Secretaryof the K. P. A. expect this to be arecord-breaking meeting.BIRTHS.In this city, to the wife of Capt.Morton C. Colliver, a son, christenedRay Leland Colliver. The motherwas formerly Miss Ida Meyer.In this city, Saturday, to thewife of Mr. John Duvall, the popularconductor of the city traction car, ason. Mrs. Duvall was formerly MissPrincess Whaley, of Paris.oThe pro rata share of the moneyin circulation in this country is?54.56 nearly $5 more than it wasa year ago.LAUNDRIES IN CHURCHES(World Outlook.)Hand laundries in churches! Whynot! Man must be clean of body aswell as pure of heart. They believethis out in Pasadena, Calif., wherethey recently replaced a rude chapel,which hadn't a pane of glass in it,with this institutional church forMexicans.It cost $6,000. But that isn't muchwhen It is on record that besides thehand laundry, it has a dormitory formen, a day nursery, club and classrooms.The Centenary of Methodist Missions is planning to build sixty-fivechurches of this kind and a greatPlaza Community Center at Los Angeles, also.HOUSE OP LORDS TO ALLOW BEQUEST POR DEATH MASS.Heretofore it has been illegal toto make bequests in the United Kingdom for the saying of masses for thedead. The money so left revertedback to the estate for the benefit ofthe next of kin.The House of Lords has broughtjoy to the hearts of Roman Catholicsall over the world by changing thelaw. From now on it is lawful hereto make such, bequests.Appeal was made by Representative Dyer, Republican, Missouri, in acablegram to President Wilson tofUB """?ma"u" u.cl-ia.1"15 ;7-phans' hometime prohibition void, in view of the z j i. iapparent determination of Congressto let the law stand.The Missouri Representative in hismessage stated that public hearingshad gone far enough to satisfy himthat repeal measures had no chance?fK f Vii TTrkiTCrri. TnrliriiQrrr Pnmmitfnfltt ,,-oc: 0v,.flK0(i tw i,0 t,' may subscribei.lUpU CA3 .SHJAJ;A. L.-LAU.U. tll O. A V0 1ident would take action on his ownauthority at once.oINTEREST IN MASONIC CAMPAIGN GROWING DAILY.J Interest in the million dollar cami paign for a new widows' and or-in Louisville to beerected bv the Masons withm thenext year is growing daily.As chairman of the committee, G.'Allison Holland, of Lexington, is receiving numerous inquiries from Ma-, sons from all over the State askingi now they may help and when theySUMMER FOOTWEARPumps, Oxfords and ColonialsSIX FORGOTTEN NATIONS(Standard Union.)Self-determination is uppermost inthe minds of the 5,000 members ofthe six nations, now wards of theCanadian Government and occupyinga reservation in the province of Ontario. The dog question has made ita burning issue. The Indian Departments wants to tax the red men'sdogs, and the Indans protest, basingtheir legal objections on treaty rightswhich stipulates that these folks are"allies" of the Canadian Governmentand therefore an independent people.The Indians will fight the proposedtax through the courts if need be,not only because they are as anxiousas ever to maintain their rights, butbecause the more dogs an Indian community has the happier the inhabitants are. The descendants of the"Romans of the West," as the Iroquois confederacy was rightly called,retained much of the pride, firmnessand haughtiness of their forefathers.They always did stand out for whatthey considered their own, and in doing so now are demonstrating thatthe old spirit is alive even though itmay have seemed extinct."The mail to the chairman's officeis heavy with letters from KentuckyMasons in the State and out. It isbecoming evident that the amountwhich will be raised will go beyondthe million dollar mark, Mr. Hollandsaid.Organization of the forces underthe direction of the committee is being rapidly completed throughout theState. There will he. a division ofthe State into congressional districts, and a further division bycounties." Where there is more thanone lodge in the county there will bean organization for each lodge. Committee members are writing Mr. Holland of the completion of their organizations and the rapid strides thecanvassers are making.oDAYLIGHT REPEAL BILL IS ORDERED REPORTED.With a legislative rider for repealof the daylight savings act, effectivenext October, the agricultural appro- jpriation biH. was ordered favorably1reported by the Senate Agricultural jCommittee. Chairman Gronna plansto call it up early this week. i:oThe Bureau of Lands of the Philippines -has approved two applica- jtions for leases of coal, lands covering'an area of about 3,$ 00 acres., :. JWHITE FOOTWEAROF EVERY DESCRIPTIONAT SPECIAL LOW PRICESAlways theGreatest ShoeMarketBuying in big quantities for our chain of stores, vastoutlets and unlimited capital, explains the possibilities ofthese unheard-of values.Savings Worthy of Your Immediate AttentionLadies' White Gea Island CanvasPumps atLadies' Dark Tan English Oxfords atLadies' Dull Kid Pumps andOxfords atLadies' Patent Kid Pumpsat$1.99$3.49$2.99$1.95Men's White Canvas Oxfords,Walk-Overs, atMen's Dark Tan English Oxfords,bench made, atMen's Gun Metal English Oxfords,Walk-Over, atMen's and Boys' Black Shoes andOxfords at$3.49$5 00$3.50$1.99iB&IlilWALK-OVEROxfords and Pumpsoff All DescriptionsAt Lowest Prices !Misses' and Children's Shoes, Slippers and BarefootSandals at Lowest PricesDAN COHENWhere Beauty and Economy ReignParis' Greatest Shoe Store