.-Vr-St-rnr"Vfp'5: "THErf:'&..i,t; 't9r'JtiA J iife -c ".' rf .u' -a; 'i'U1.7:SPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIT VY IN THE YEAR.rTJ5r y tqr s.-i 3L S. -!PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JANUARY 7. 1919.tVIVOLUME XXXV HI?ifBOURBONNEWSfi1IIin7WSVETTER PAYS TRIBUTE TOCAPT. REUBEN HUTCHCRAPTWriting from Treves, Germany,-where he is stationed with the American Army of Occupation, B. J.O'Donnell, who is the AssociatedPress correspondent, pays the following tribute to Bourbon county's solflier hero. Captain Reuben B. Hutchcraft, who gave his life in the battlefor freedom and democracy:NEW PRESBYTERIAN CHURCHDEDICATED SUNDAY"WITH THE AMERICAN ARMYOF OCCUPATION, TREVES, Germany, November 4. One midsummer jAfter a long wait, caused by theinfluenza ban, the dedication of thenew Presbyterian church, one of themost complete and up-to-date churchedifices in the State, took place Sunday morning in the presence of alarge audience. All the churches ofthe citv deferred in favor of the.congregation of the new church, noservices being held at their placesof worship. ,The exercises be'gan promptly atthe appointed hour, with an organCOL. THEODORE ROOSEVELT IS DEADDistinguished Ex-Pi;esident Passes Away YesterdayMorning at His Home at Oyster Bay, New York.sineinsr of the hymn. "All Hail thePower of Jesus Name," the pastorof the church, Rev. John J. Rice,read the Scripure lesson. This wasfollowed by the anthefm, "Te Deum,"and the pastoral prayer by Rev.Rice. One of the especial features ofthe dedicatory services was the solosbeautifully rendered by Miss MaryDan Harbison, of Flemingsburg,TvVinco invp.lv voice has been fre-rerauer i. uuc iuiuoum"- . -i- -. . .. . -r-r A .nlnJn fnllnnra Vir i-Yia Tln-vnlcrv tnpSlight in 1917 the court nouse at yiwuuC, w j . -w.0, ,Paris Ky was filled to capacity with invocation and the Gloria, the conpatriotic citizens gathered there to j gregation remaining standing till afSLuss how they could best serve ter the rendition of the G oria. Aftertheir country in the crisis whicn ulaced the great war."One of the principal speakers atthat meeting was R. B. Hutchcraft,Jr., a former (member of the Kentucky" Legislature. He was antieverytbing that smacked at Kaiserism. He counseled his fellow townsmen to buy Liberty Bonds, War Savings Stamps, 'to give until it hurt.'i j j 4-v. nrmxrA -with a, Ger-bomeDoay m -"c -" . ,fl,ol. npntiv heard here in concert. Afteraccent, askea nuicudu, """" -"-" " nr,w thededication sermon, a masterly one,was preached by Dr. J. Layton Mauze,of Huntington, West Virginia. Withthe singing of the hymn, "TheChurch's One Foundation," theprayer of dedication by Dr. Mauze,singing of the dedication hymn,"Thou Whose Unmeasured TempleColonel Theodore Roosevelt died inhis sleep early yesterday morning athis home on Sagamore Hill inOyster Bay, L. I.The Colonel suffered a severe attack of rhenmatism and sciatica ohNew Year's Day, but none believedthat his illness would likely provefatal.Death, it was said, came to himpainlessly as he slept. 4Three physicians had been in attendance upon the Colonel since Hebolism or lodgement in the lung of. aclot from a broken vein, it was statedby one of his physicians.Forty-eight hours before his death,the former president had been visited by one of his physicians whostated he found the Colonel apparently in good condition and spirits.The Colonel, he said, laughed andjoked with him and said he expected soon to renew his wood choppingexpeditions on his Sagamre Estate.' .IN THE SERVICE OF THEI$: coraTE?-' ' :.,.Clarence Rogers, U. S. army, leftyesterday for Camp McClellan, Ala:,after a visit with his sister, Mrs. Edward T. Shaw, and Mr. Shaw nearMillersburg.man.are you willing to give? f" 'I have pitifully little to offer,he replied, quite calmly, a littlemoney and my life.'"Whether or not he gave hismoney I do not know. I do knowhowever, that he gave his life. Iknow, too. that he gave it cheerful-l7nntttt the Court stands," and the organ postlude, theHouse that night he went io me "- .tional guard armory or aau m'and enlisted in the national guard.In the course of events he become aLieutenant and came to France withthe forty-Second (Rainbow) Division. He was in command of aplatoon in Company K, One Hundredand Sixty-SixthJnfantry."Hutchcraft, as his friends willremember, was not a tall man. By. .:nn;ianro the mea overa strange wmuiuvw-whom he served also were small ofBtature. Hence it was not strangethat the doughboys cajme to refer toLieutenant Hutchcraf t's Uttle organization as the 'Boy Scouts.'From Champagne to the ArgonneLieutenant Hutchcraft and his 'Boyo.,c norformed with distinction.They fought beside their bigger comrades and always 'kept up.' Theynever straggled they.eercomplained more than every doughboyieels he has the right to complain,and they never lost the name 'BoyGrouts' When casualties made itnecessary to bring in replacementsan effort was made to delegate themen of small stature to LieutenantHutchcraft's platoon."It was along toward the end ofArgonne battle the last battle ofthe war in which Ohio and Kentucky troops were engaged and after Lieutenant Hutchcraft had beenno o retain, that Colonel BenHough called for a patrol to go be-yond Chemery on the road to Sedanto obtain certain information. Thetask fell to the platoon of BoySC?The Lieutenant who cammandedthe platoon was off duty on that day.The work assigned was derouextremely dangerous-and CaptainHutchcraft hesitated to assign another platoon commander to the task,although he had that power."His old command Tvas going on adangerous mission. Their 'commander-as not there to lead them. Therere plenty of other tenantsaround to command a patrol ShouldAt the evening service the following program was carried out: OrganPrelude; Hymn. "Hark, Ten Thousand Harps and Voices;" Anthem"Sing Allelulia Forth;" ScriptureReading; Prayer; Solo by Miss MaryDan Harbison; Sermon "GospelPride," by Dr. Benjamin J. Bush, ofLexington; Hymn "Abide WithMe;" Benediction; Organ Postlude.ThP new buildinz was erected' atan approximate cost of $50,000 and isthe first church building to be dedicated in Paris free from debt.The money for its erection and furnishing has all been raised by contributions of the members of the congregation and friends of the church,j .niianHnn was taken ud ateither of the services Sunday. ThePresbyterian congregation in Paris,although not, asjarge as that ofsome other churches, is composed ofsome of the wealthiest families inthe county, and it was their determination when it was decided .toerect a new house of worship that it jshould be entirely free from debt Defore it was dedicated to the worshipof God.. 1LjIUju JBI. .ILJlfflPiL-' , JIBTheodore Roosevelt.Fred T. Robinson, who is stationedat Norfolk, Va., in the naval branchof the service, is in on a furlough,as a guest of his sister, Mrs. StrotherBanta, near Little Rock.Postmaster J. Walter Payne received a telegram yesterday fromWashington, instructing hin to keepthe flag on the Government buildingat half-mast until after the tuneral ofthe former President.-o-RnTTR-RfW -RANKS SHOW BIGBUSINESS FOR 1918' The combined deposits of the fourbanks doing business in Paris aggregate 2,858,767.67 at. the close ofthe year on December 31, 1918. Thisis a healthy increase ' over the busi-nesstransacted by the four local institutions the year previous, despitethe enormous "sums paid out by thedepositors for Liberty Bonds, and donations to other war causes. Thedeposits of the four Paris banks onDecember 31,1918, are as follows:Peoples. Deposit Bank & . .Trust Co. . :...'.. ;?1,024,821.66Bourbon Agricultural '. Bank & Trust Co 830,815.43jjlrst National Bank. . . 706,269.42Farmers & Traders "Bank ,. . . . ' 296,861.16Combined deposits ..$2,858,767.67Private Clark Crouch, who hasbeen stationed at Camp Dodge, Iowa,has received an honorable discharge,and has returned to visit his parents, Mr. and Mrs. Isaac T. Crouch,near Little Rock.Private Tom Toohey, of Camp Dix,New Jersey, and Corporal GeorgeToohey, of Camp Jackson, nearColumbia, S. C, who have been- visiting their parents, Mr. and Mrs. Jno.Toohey, have returned to their respective camps after a seven days'furlough visit in Paris.Lieut. L. Raymer Jones has returned to his home in North Middletown,1 having received an honorable discharge from the service in CampMeade.t Stanley Dickson, of the samevicinity, who has been in the navalservice, stationed at the Great LakesNaval Training School, is also athome, though he has not yet receivedhis final discharge papers.was taken to Rosevelt Hospital sevenweeks ago to be treated for what wasbelieved to be sciatica.The patient's trouble was laterdiagnosed as inflammatory rheumatism, which, according to one of thedoctors, had affected practicallyvery joint in his body.The former piesident sat up mostof Sunday and retired at 11 o'clockSunday night. Jv-About four a. m. Mrs. Roosevelt,who was the only member of thefamily at Oyster Bay, went to herhusband's room and found that hehad died during the night.The immediate cause of ColonelRoosevelt's death was pulmonary em-mCHMOND HOME BURNEDThe residence of Mrs. Robert Milleron Lancaster avenue, in Richmond,burned to the grounM Sunday night,together with practically all household effects, causing a loss of $6,000,with $3,000 insurance.MANY DOGS IN COUNTY.Up to a late hour yesterday afternoon, County Clerk Pearce Paton hadissued a total of 1,700 dog licenses,with prospects for a largely increasednumber today.This is only about one-third ofthe dogs in the county. Under thenew law it becomes the duty of theSheriff and his deputies--to destroyall unlicensed dogs. Dogs not yetlicensed may have their licenses issued if the owners can give a reasonable excuse. After January 15 nolicenses will be isued no matter whatthe excuse given.Private Martin Glenn is the firstBourbon county boy so far reported,that has "been confined in a Germanprison camp.Private' Glenn, who is a son of Mr.and Mrs. M. J. Glenn, of near Paris,was badly wounded by the Germansbefore they succeeded in taking hima prisoner. He has been released bythe Germans and is now in a hospitalin France. He is a brother of Mr3.Jas. W. Connell, and Messrs. Josephand John Glenn, of Paris, and ofPrivate George Glenn, now stationedat Camp Meade, Md.. .. - m "himselfhe ask one ol tnem ui -Tor Captain Hutchcraft to ask theQuestion for him to answer It a -.LrfivplvHe went back to niswsIoSs' and led them over therS toward Sedan, which then wmtaost prominent stumbling blockIn tt path of the rapidly movmgAmericans. .-The platoon was -' sravine beyond Chemery and was several kilometers in front o our nxSS when a Boche machine gun begll tearing holes in the "5aia Hutchcratt ordered himenttecover, iney u"-- -hill fromguniter wa y- ;-- Uci. ,,itio enm nestsScasualties. Realizing that it was buta matter of time until this gunwould wipe out his command, Captain Hutchcraft determined to chargethe machine-gun nests. The decisionmet with the approval of every ladin the platoon."Lying there under aljmost directobservation of the drunken Boches,they fixed a zero hour. The word waspassed along from mouth to mouthand back again to assure that eachman knew the exact second. Theyeven synchronized their watchesThen each was told just what wouldhe expected of him."Captain Hutchcraft led thecharge. Them en scattered as they advanced on the machine-gun nests.o Marine of the maneuver took theBoche by surprise. Before tne iacithat the Americans were chargingfully percolated the benumbed brainsof the Germans the little force hadadvanced half way up the hill. TheAmericans had deployed so quicklyor,H HAverlv that the machine gunstraverse was not swift enough to getmore than a few. But one of thesewas Captain Hutchcraft. He had goneforward on a straight line and wastwenty fet from the first nest whena. foil"During the next three minutesthat little ravine near Chemery wasu HoviiARt. sDot on that whole Ar-Lnnnfi-Meuse front. With their bay-!": v 'ijnv smuts' cleaned up onemachihe-gun nests after anothertaking prisoner those, who were notkilled, v .,"A considerable amount of ru,mwas found cached in the hillside. Onethat they nan cauu "--.-. . a nrisoners said the party uutered a dozen or re um en fished HQuor and told toAs they finished each bottle or been . advancingWE KNOW HWWINTERHAS JUST BEGUNAnd to be comfortable and warm you mustthe right kind of clothes. Our Suits and Overcoatsyou w,ill find to be excellent values for$30.00$35.00$40.00which the Boche machinec-r'vntr. at lUW".That was just wuu -- rLVinepated. On the other side of the ravmewere many macmuc .v.o 'ttov Scouts' could ai&SraSK -eralWTndte first lull Captain Hutch.rJtismenniaadUcovery. The Hun gunners were ubeastly drunk. They Jlaughed like origies on acarouse. They thought it a goo jthey had caugnt u --As tney nui&uw - -., -uA .ey hurled the receptee d--theMil at the croucning f-"lCi; nyi course of three hours the manyfc x v.wio0'r.rtminr towaru7j empty uui." w "the" "-.. t1,fact tnei"Boy Scouts' awi .Boche were plentifully .supplie dhold theAS"n Hutchcraffs hody wascarried back and buried ".,.- -Ki.r him lie eleven of his BoyScouts who, like their Captain had,'lf,illv little' tO Olid mcntry, hut who gave that little cheerfully, splendidly, gauanuy u".theAll wool garments that will stand the wear and tearthat winter time weateer brings on clothing wornoutdoors.Protect Your FeetFrom Ice and SnowBy wearing Dr. Reed's Cushion Sole Shoes, madewith an invisible cork sole that not only makesyour feet feel comfortable, but keeps the dampnessout and protects them from the cold.$9.00 PER PAIRNettleton Fine Shoes in winter weights, calfskins and kids, $12,00 per pair.SifCHELLilLiiiECornelius (Buddie) Janies came'inSunday, on a furlough, to visit hismother, Mrs. Mollie James, and othernioHT-nc ""Rnrifiift" has mad& sevenround tripsracross the cTceanrnd sayi1the good old U. S. A. still looks thehiggest and best parcel of ground inthe world. He stated that he was sixdays coming from where his ship wasstationed, in French waters, to Newport News, Va., and about ten daysin coming from there to Paris. Thisincluded several stops at points of interest along the road. He is in excellent health and looks like a genuine "man-o'-war's-man." He is a-member of the gun crew on the converted yacht, "Remlik," on patrolduty along the French shores.3oiinp" xv O. Pennineton. oiParis, who is one of Uncle Sam'smen on the U. S. S. ."Oklahoma,"now in an American port, writesTHE NEWS the following postcardmessage:"Well, how is every .little thing inthe good old town of Paris, Ky.? Ihope, all 0. K. I am back in God'scountry now. I came here on the27 th of December. I expect to getback home about the first of Februarv The picture on the other sideof this card shows the George Washington, with President Wilson andhis party on board, entering the harbor at Brest, France. The picturewas taken from the quarter deck ofthe Oklahoma. Where is our oldhave notBEAX ESTATE DEALSJames W. Connell and Mr. FrankivCollier, of this city, closed adeal"""Saturday with Mr. Fred Fister, pur-v. -chasing his fine farm of 212 acres one ' "and one-half miles from Paris, ontheNorth Midletown pike. -They paidMr. Fister about ?301 an acre for"the farm. This is one of the most fer- vtil and best improved f arpos- m 'thecounty, having a Jarge twQ-storybrick mansion, a new "tobacco harm.with a capacity of fifteen acres oftobacco, cattle barn tenant1 house,etc., and si considered one of thebest bargains in real estate that hasbeen picked up by Bourbon couatymen for many months. The purchasers bought the place-as an investment, and contemplate selling it atauction in the near future. It wasreported yesterday that Mr. Fisterwas on a deal for a big farm in Fayette county.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney made thefollowing sales last Saturday at thecourt house door for Master Commissioner 0. T. Hin ton: The Mrs. PearlDeaver fanm, located about four milesfrom Paris, on the Paris and Jackstown pike, containing about thirtyacres, to Wm. Bell, for ?310 an acre;the Flanders farm, containing 250acres, near Millersburg, to John.Grimes, for $225 an acre". On Monday Auctioneer Kenney sold at- thecourt house door in this city forMaster Commissioner Hinton. the following property: The Johnson farm.lcated on the North Middletown anLevy turnpike, containing aboutfifty-eight acres, to Mr. Clay ReidVfor $210 an acre; a house and lot onFourtee-nth street belonging toGeorge Rice's heirs, to M. Peale Collier, for $500; house and eight acresof land near Jackstown, known asthe Walden property, to Thomas Wilson, for$2,250.The public sale Saturday of sevensmall tracts of land belonging toWilliam and. Iiou Taylor, situatednear Paris on the Paris and. NorthMiddletown. pikes and the' Jackstowiipike broke all records heretoforepiade in the sale of Bourbon countyfarms.The home place of 1004 acresonld. in four tracts as follows: 8.52acres to W. H. Whaley for $552 anacre; 32.97 acres to the same buyerfor $490.10 an acre; 8.15 acres unimproved to Chas. Peddicord for $291an- acre, and 50.46 acres to. JohnSauer for $292.50 an acre, or anaverage for the entire tract of$379.25 an acre.Three tracts facing on the Jackstown pike aggregating 99 1-2 acressold to Wiliam Branock for an average of $250.05 an. acre.Mr. Peddicord immediately afterthe sale resold his purchase to Mr.W. H. Whaley at an advance of $9,00per acre, over the original purchaseprice.The home of Mr. George Howard,on Duncan avenue,, was sold at publicauction Saturday by AuctioneerGeorge D. Speakes. Mr. J. M. Scottwas the purchaser.. The home brought$6,440.Dr. R. R. McMillan purchased ofMrs. Hattie Mann Dudley the cottage on East Seventh street, occupied by" Mr. and -Mrs. Ed.Princhard, 'for $5,200 Dr. aniMrs. McMillan will take possession 'of the home in April.Haris & Speakes sold yesterday forMr. C. K. Mullins his home locatem South Main street. Mr. B. D.Wilson being the purchaser at$6,500. - ""Mr. A. Bayes, who recently sold hisfarm on the Georgetown pike, nearParis, to Dr. D. S. Henry, has purchased a farm near Helena Station,in Mason county. The place contain146 acres and was purchased by Mr.fHonri v.fl. Fitznatrick? InrA a thmsr from him sincel wentoverseas. Hope to see you in Febru-iBayes as an investmentary- Good bye and good luck.isMrs. Delia Stevens sold last weekto Mr. James Stevens, of Bourboncounty, the frame cotage at 1637Cynress street, in Paris, for aboutMrs. Stevens will move toOssian Sprake, of Paris, whoiust recovering from a severe attack 3.500of influenza, has his convalescence . her pr0perty on South Main streetcheered by the receipt of three post- jabout March 1, 1919, when she givesnnric On t .was f rom his sister, Miss i nnqsessinn of her Cynress street11T.iio Rnrake. who is a Red Crossnurse in a Base Hospital in France,saying: "How do you like our hospital? It is an old mansion, convertedinto a Red Cross Hospital. It is perfect in all its equipment. It has beenoccupied at different times by French,Germans and Americans. At presentI am in charge of several Kentuckyboys, but cannot give you theirnames. We are all in splendid healthand hope to be back in the good oldIT. S. A. very soon."a !ri fram Private R. WeaverTalhot. a former L. & N. railroadman, to Mr. Sprake, stated "Christmas Greetings to all the Ioiks Daehome in the good old, IT. S, A. I amwell and surely enjoying myself.Hope to see you real soon." The thirdcard was from Lawrence H. Hill, ofParis, who is a member of Co. B,113th Field Signal Batallidn, A. E.F. Writing- from Four-en-Sologne,France, Private Hill says: "Say, son,you want to get over that attack offin Don't forget there's a greatday coming. Hope to see you 4ri a few-months.- Prepare the fatted vaU :fI . (Continued on page 8V ,home. The purchaser win mov wParis to reside.Mr. Wm. Whaley, Jr., of Paris,bought- from Mr. M. B. Lovell, 185acres of land located on the Humaand Bedford pike, and adjoining theArdery farm.The place contains 185 acyes ofhighly productive land, and cost Mr.Whaley $160 per acre, or $29,600 forthe place. This farm is known as theJoseph Giltner place. The improvements consist of a substantial two-story residence, tobacco aad stocxbarns, etc. It is considered a greatbargain at the price paid by Mr.Whaley. Possesion will be given onMarch 1, 191?.: O'IT'S YOUR MOVE'!".The Bourbon County ProgressiveChess and Checker Club held a preliminary. Meeting Friday night anddesignated' -Thursday night, Jan. 12,as the first night of play. The clubhas a number of new'players, severalof them being connected with the tobacco-district 'and somejntemtisittings are, expeced. . ,,"J;v-Lh'oad to -Sedan. t 4 -vY111rMiGE TWaTHE BOURBON NEWS, PABIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, JANUARY 7, 1919,rHE BOURBON IWSEitsHishecL 188137 Years of Continuous PublicationNUisked Every Tuesday and Pridayc Yew. .$2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Adavance.IWXFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.ytfd. at the Paris, Kentucky,BMtofiLce as Mall Matter of theatooadClasi.)Amj erroneous reflection upon theMMxacter, standing or reputation of)ugr 9rson, firm or corporation whichJbmlj appear in the columns of THE9CHT&B0N NEWS will be gladly corrMfctd'if brought to attention of theADVERTISING RATESIDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perftacfc for first time; 60 cents per inchsoli subsequent insertion.Raading Notices, 10 cents per lineaek. issue; reading notices in blacktype 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candi4atos, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertiseMeets and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reseivedto decline any advertisement or otherMatter lor publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied byhe cash.EDITORIAL MUSINGS.Wken the Government Intervenes.The unity of purpose that inspired labor and capital in war timeconstituted one of the finest exhibitions of loyalty that has ever beenborn of Democracy. Now that thewar is all over but the shouting,complicated questions are arisingout of the instance by various interests that conditions be recognized aspermanent which were clearlyadopted to meet war emergencies.The people of the country expectthat prices will fall, but it is hardlya tribute to human nature to observethat most producers want the reductions" to descend on some other thanthemselves. In these columns weJhare considered that affairs of themunition manufacturers, the steelInterests, public utilities, shipping,etc., and so we will turn a leaf inthe story and take into account theproblem of labor considered in connection with the policies adopted bythe Government.Under date of January 18, 1918,the Director General of Railroads.-appointed a Railway Wage Commission. and acting upon their recommendation the recognition of theaslc eight hour day followed, andla general advance of wages was approved, amounting in some cases to43 per cent., and this increase wasmade retroactive to January 1, 1918.By further orders the wages of allpersons employed in the service under the Railroad Administrationwere advanced. Mr. McAdoo, in promulgating his order, declared that'further steps would be employed inxrd0r to do "practical justice to the2,0 9 0,0 00 railroad employees of thecountry." To this he added the'"earnest hope that railroad officials.nd. railroad employees will realizeitat their relations under Federalrtrn-mT art nnf based UDOtt the oldondTtfons or private management."The Federal Trade Commissionestimates that 20,000,000 people became engaged in war work. Practically all of thefm, outside railroad,express and wire employment are310W shifting for themselves; readjusting their own affairs. They havereturned' to what Mr. McAdoo condemns as "the old conditions of prirat management." But it will bexeaiJUly recognized that the brotherlioods engaged in railroading employment have fastened their war emergency methods very firmly upon therailroads in peace times, and thatwholly through the intervention ofthe Govenwnent in their behalf."Organisation" Becoming a Habit.Even with the dissolving warclouds there is no let-up on thepressure being brought npon Washington, to recognize labor in organized, groups wherever the interests ofenterprises or industries can be madej. .ot- .a voin2- connected withthe conduct of public business.Thus it appears that railway emjl0yees, telegraph, telephone and exprer employees have already acquired5 the habit of making a bee-linef6T Uncle Sam to settle all of theirwig controversies. This same condition existed with reference to allfrtke different lines of employmento7iecte4 with war work up to thetip of the cessation of hostilities,iwtrcntly the institutions thatE,y coupled up with the Government expect the federal machinery toKM- their salaries at the top notchxe' matter what happens to the restCkat giant class of citizens whoeast themselves "workers,"Tke Kerchant Marine.Briward N. Hurley, the hard hitter, wko saoulatbe given most of thewWt for putting ships into the watc iMte4 of making them an issuefr political quarrels in the Nationalpitai, sats: "Let us picture animaginary customer; suppose wewant him to do business with Robinson Crusoe on the desert island.He needs our fabrics" and tools. Hisisland has good soil capable of raising food stuffs. It has goats toyield milk and meat. It has guanofor fertilizer and maybe it has undeveloped minerals. Robinson Crusoe does not possess any money andhis island resources have been developed only for the needs of himselfand Friday." Mr. Hurley follows outthe story by sending calico andshoes, tools for farming, wood-workingand blacksmithing. The resultis miraculous. After a while the islander and his Friday live better,"wear better clothes, have a bettertable. Mr. Hurley declares that "ournew mercant marine can establish a.trade on this basis with many a nation."Woman's Reasoning.It is rather hard to find betterlogic than that supplied in the viewsof Miss Christabel Pankhurst relating to the economic conditions ofthe world. This clever" womanwhose views with regard to suffragefor her sex, made her world-famous,has given her time to the cause ofdemocracy for more than four years,and among the world's ills of whichshe complains is the mania for socalled "democratic control of industry." She voices the fundamentalproposition that only through increased production can living conditions be adequately bettered. The restrictions of pre-war trade unionconditions and work-shop practices,with their realizing the great aimor securing xo me piass or me peo-pie the comforts, refinements and luxuries as yet enjoyed only by the few."The so-called "democratic control ofindustry," she says, "means muddle,delay, confusion, divided counsels,stagnation and retrogression theproduction of commodities will fallinstead of rising, poverty will increase and the standard of livingwill fall to its lowest point. Onlygrown-up children, exploited bythose who know perfectly- wellwhat they are doing, would make thisdemand that exists in some quartersfor control of industry."These English problems appearquite like our own, and Miss Pankhurst is emphatic in the belief thatemployers and employees can accomplish most for the general good bythinking less about "control," "organization," "unionism," and shortdays, and by turning their attention instead, to increased production. Coffee Going Up.Offee is one of the things thathasn't gone out of sight on accountof the war, but now that the war isover and restrictions generally withdrawn, there are evidences of a corner to send the price way over thetop. On the exchange in New York,Tuesday, the price went up over 150per cent., or from S to 20 cents apound for green. There is no excusefor it except the desire of men toprofit on necessities, as the Braziliancrop is said to be very large, as areall-the crops in the countries producing coffee.Like Old Times.The joy that now fills the hearts ofparents to know .that their lovedones may soon be with them againwill more than equal that of theending of the Civil War, when weare told they used to sing:The boys are coming home again,The war will soon be o'er,Oh, won't it be happy timeWhen me meet to part no more.With the war over and the "flu"on the wane, it looks as if a goodtifme is coming and that we will havemore than everto be thankful forthis year, 1919.oBINGHAM INHERITANCE TAXESWILL PAY STATE DEBT.Inheritance taxes on the estate ofthe late Mrs. Mary Lily Bingham,formerly Mrs. Henry M. Flagler, ofNew York, if paid on the basis of afinal valuation, will produce ?4,537,418.98, and not only wipe out theindebtednetss of the State of Kentucky, placed at 3,165,106.19, butleave a balance in the State Treasury of $1,372,312. 79 according tothe report of the State inheritancetax appraiser filed in the CountyCourt at Louisville.The report shows the estate to beworth $99,584,866.44, an increase ofApproximately $30,400,000 over thevaluation placed upon it by tne executors at the time of Mrs. Bingham'sdeath in Louisville, July 27, 1917.The increased valuation swells theportion of Mrs. Louise Clisby Wise,of New York, favorite niece of Mrs.Bingham and the principal beneficiary under her will to $72,846,638.45, according to the figures ofthe appraiser.oCONSTIPATION AND INDIGESTION"I have used Chamberlain's Tablets and must say they are the hostI have ever used for constipationand indigestion. My wife also ubedthem for indigestion and they didher good," writes Eugene S. Knight,Wilmington, N. C. Obtainable everywhere. (jan-adv)oOf course she doesn't have toworry about her placket being opennowadays But when a Corn Fedgirl sits down she acts as if sheisn't quite certain that she' is all' in.SUBSTITUTE FABRICS.Whether- any of the substitute fabrics produced by German textile scientists will survive the period of sternnecessity is problematical. The comment of the optimistic German press isthat several of them are good enoughto endure after the war. Thus, favorable mention is made of "textllit," theproduct of a paper thread and a fiberthread twisted together, containingonly a small percentage Of long fiber,says Providence Journal. Weavingand sewing yarns are made from It,and according to one authority "theuninitiated cannot distinguish the newproducts from former linen or jutefabrics." "Paper cloth" seems to belargely a myth, however. At the thirdfiber exposition, at Leipzig, recently,the best approved achievements Insubstitutes contained some fiber and,apparently, the larger the proportionthe greater was the success achieved.The exhibit of the Papiergarngesellschaf t, the most elaborate in the wholeshow, comprised largely cloths wovenof flax, hemp, wool, cotton and silkfiber "mixed with paper yarn." Paperspinning, as a matter of fact, was introduced in Germany long before thewar, and clothing was regularly madeof mixtures containing some percentage of paper. The third expositionwas notable, also, for displays of fiberplants, as cattails. The new processesbave undoubtedly been fruitful in promoting skyrocketing speculation in industrial stocks, which would havemade a dismal showing otherwise.We are proud, Immensely proud, ofthe fact that the establishment ofAmerican ideals has been made theprimary purpose of the war, and thatthey are to be the essential principlesof peace. We are proud that it wasgiven to us to become the decidingfactor in the glorious conclusion. Butwe must remember that we have butshared in the work, says St. LouisGlobe-Democrat, We must not detractone whit from the splendor of otherachievements. We must not forgetthat each and every nation has playedits part nobly in the struggle. Wemust not forget the tremendous sacrifices besides which ours are but little.We must not forget the invinciblespirit that maintained an unbrokenfront through years of awful anguish.Erzberger asked Marshal Foch ifthe allies had no consideration forGermany. It is part of the psychology of the German nature, Incomprehensible to other minds, how a nationcould expect consideration from- themen whose lands they had ravaged,whose men in war they had met withtreachery and atrocity of every kind,whose women and children' they hadkilled, whose towns they had pillagedand burned and who had shown noconsideration for law, honor, decencyor humanity, says Baltimore American.Yet, after acting like wild beasts,, theyask the treatment of men.The acting prime minister of Canada, Sir Thomas White, says that, Ifthose who have conspired against thepeace of the world and under whosedirection brutalities of Inconceivablebarbarity have been perpetrated Insubversion of the law of nations andof humanity, are not brought to punishment for their monstrous crimes.it will be the greatest failure of retrioutlve justice in the annals of historyIn this he is voicing the feeling andsentiment of the entire civilized world,,the central nations being excepted;from such a category..Another man who belongs to thefoolish squad is the one who thinksthe line of the future is now clear forsquandering money riotously and living wasteful, extravagant and indolentlives. There is to. be- a much closerscrutiny all along the line of the division of the fruits of labor, and societyis going to be mighty sure that thesquanderer of the coin is the man whomakes it.In the four years of the war Germany exacted from Belgium half abillion in war taxes, part of the bravelittle nation's punishment for defending its neutrality and its honor. Thatought to be the first count in thebill for damages to be presented toGermany and xwhlch she must beforced to pay at any cost to herself."It takes nine men to hold down atiger, but five men could subdue alion' says a floating item. Who'll beone of nine t.o go out and verify this?How meaningless are titles of nobility. A headline says that Wilhelmis "now a mere count.' And he countsless than ever before..The Prussians will not have to return its honor to Belgium. That's onething they were never able to takeaway. nThe man who used to boast of hisfine appetite now apologizes for hisrequest for a second helping.We shall all have to take a few leftiocs im geography aftec ctatrai? JCurofthts been nascrambted, "' SEX IN WORDS.The United States government hassolemnly decided that an aviator Is anaviator, regardless of sex. This decision is in line with modern usage,which is finally the controlling influence in writing and speaking. Generally for years the tendency has beento drop the distinguishing suffix fromwords that may rightly be employed todesignate either sex, and thus thelanguage, both written and spoken, isbeing freed from awkward efforts, theorigin of which lay deep in man's gallantry, but which have lost most, If notall, of their significance under moderncustoms. Woman herself has aided inthis. Her entrance into all avenues ofhuman activity or occupation has givenher at least a right to share in the fullmeaning of the word that denotes herposition, and not to be set off in a separate class by the addition of a "trix"or an "ess," intended to show that ItIs the "female of the species" who ispresent, jsays Omaha Bee. In the caseof the aviator, when arrayed for dutyIt Is Impossible for the casual observerto distinguish between man and woman. The same condition holds goodIn many other ways, and the change inthe words is but a tribute to woman'sincreasing sphere. With the vanishingof sex from the language, we may renew the quest for the Impersonal pronoun.Will the shipbuilding industry vanish from America with the closing ofthe War? The future of this great newindustry must be pondered most carefully.. The reconstruction commissionwhich Is now assured by the. action ofthe Republicans and Democrats ofcongress will have a most puzzlingproblem in this. It all depends on thecost of ship construction, writes Thomas F. Logan in Leslie's. The Britishare today building ships more cheaplyper ton than we are. Back on a peacebasis, they undoubtedly will decreasethese costs. If America fails to do so,her industry will survive on a largescale only so long as the after-the-waremergency shipping is being met.Then American and foreign companieswill inevitably seek the cheaper yardsof the world to place their contracts.It Is well known that wood is a poorconductor of electricity. Whilst treesto some extent attract the electricalfluid it does not penetrate the body ofthe tree Itself ; rather does the force ofthe current pass down the exterior.Whether, therefore, a tree be wet ordry, to stand near its trunk or underits branches is almost like puttingoneself in the way of an electrical discharge. Many deaths have occurredowing to the Ignorance or carelessnessof persons scuttling under the treesfor shelter. If relative safety may beInstanced In degrees such persons arefar safer in the open than beneath thefoliage which keeps them dry, perhaps, yet exposes them to a far moreserious risk than getting soaked. ItIs far better to be wet than dead. ,Riches and money have been commonly but mistakenly synonyms. Amother with a group of children mayt consider these her jewels, albeit by abank examiner's rating she would bepoorer than Job's turkey. A man with jhnntzas onrt lon-rTtt ttiov h ?ncMnf In Ihuman affections and joyous child lifeeddying round his chair and table, andso in life's paramount values the balancing of the account shows a deficit,t&ough under the dollar sign he maybe able to- figure a fortune.High food prices, it is predicted,will continue four years. Perhapsand perhaps not. Without ignoringthe laws of supply and demand, it isnot inconceivable that there will develop an irresistible popular demandfor more econmlcal distribution andmarketing of foodstuffs under federalcontrol that shall do away with exorbitant profits for the few and. impossible prices for the many.If calllcg the former German' emppror an assassin is the best a Belgiancan do in the way of denunciation,then the job of sulphurating the at:mosphere properly in Wilhelm's vic!n-ity will have to be left to the Englishor Americans who are temperamentalenough to do the job up brown, saysHouston Post, and speak a languageof broad cussing possibilities.It is nice to see the newspapers relyjand return to unimportant discuss'ons, such as on the question ofwhether a former crown prince is or Is.rot alive.The oil obtained from the calumpangnut, says a food item, has been foundto be an acceptable substitute for oliveoil. Save your calumpang nuts.That old camouflage date lineAtlantic Port" has passed intolimbo of forgotten things".AntheThe next step Is to make it clearthat the world wasn't made safe forbolshevikiBm. NRevolution would be sweet if itcould be used to dodge reparttioa t4' restitution.SERVICE THAT WINSTHE SOLDIER HEARTFred Lockley, Y. M. C. A., Tells of, the Gratitude of the Boysat the Front.tflitZrcvr""One of the discoveries men aremaking over here," Fred Lockley, ofthe Y. M. C. A. and of Portland, Oregon, writes from London, "is thatmore pleasure can be had out of giving than getting. Many a man whohas spent money freely In the old daysto buy pleasure Is finding that he getsmore pleasure over here by the spending of one's self in the service of others."A few months ago-1 went out witha fellow Y. M. C. A secretary to huntup out-of-the-way detachments oftroops. A stable guard here, a machine gun company there, a platoonsomewhere else. We carried ourgoods in an automobile. We hadplenty of writing paper and envelopes-for free distribution, and chocolate;cookies, chewing tobacco and smoking'tobacco, cigarettes, razor blades,.tooth paste and things of that kind forsale. American war service workerswere busy everywhere. We found Salvation Army lassies making doughnutsfor the boys and K. of O. secretariesgiving help. Books furnished by theAmerican Library Association were tobe seen on all sides."Hearing firing at a distance, wedrove down the road and found ascore or so ot men at machine gunpractice. The officer gave the menhalf an hour recess to buy goods."At another place we came in sightof a lieutenant drilling a platoon. Isaid to the lieutenant: 'How soon before you dismiss the company? Wehave Y. M. C. A. goodsfor sale.'"He said: ''Right now. Sergeant,dismiss the company!'"And ten seconds later the companywas in line waiting to buy goods fromour traveling 'Y.' Grateful Is no namefor it. The men can't do enough totheir gratitude."There is more Catarrh in this section of the country than all otherdiseases put together, and for yearsit was supposed to be incurable. Doctors prescribed local remedies, and byconstantly failing" to cure with localtreatment, pronounced it incurable.Catarrah is a local disease, greatlyinfluenced by constitutional conditions and therefore requires constitutional treatment. Hall's CatarrhMedicine, manufactured by F. J.Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio, is a constitutional remedy, is taken internally and acts through the blood onthe mucous surfaces of the system.One Hundred Dollars reward is offered for any case that Hall's CatarrhMedicine fails to cure. Send for circulars and- testimonials.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (jan-adv)$Oozing Fountain Pens.An application of heavy oil to thejoints of a fountain- pen will effectivelyovercome the oomng out of ink atthese places, says Popular MechanicsMagazine. The types of fountainpens, having points which disappear by turning a section of thei barrel,sometimes leak because ofTo remedy this, soak thewarm water and permit to"oar.Pen mdry, particularly inside. Then applyoil on the- spindle that is revolved.Heavy cylinder oil is the best for thepurpose. The lubricant should beworked through the bearing from endto end. The pen is then refilled andexcess oil wiped off.Wr Macaroni.Somebody, Is- complaining of the 812of the war. macaroni. We have alwayspreferred the- 44-calibre kind to thasort they caB wermicelli, as SamrTfilWeller would say.Some of the men who are alwaysworking ttfre "Patronize Home; Industry" slogan are the same fellfrwswho marrcr girls from other towns.YOUR OLD SHOESMake Them Wear Like NewAs Did This CanadianOfficerA Canadian army 'officer,. WilliamFemberton, of the famous Princess PatRegiment, told of the extraordinarywear given him by a pair of army bootstwice repaired with Ne&lin Soles."Six months of trench warfare underdestructive conditions put the firstpair of Neolin Soles out of business,"said Lieutenant Pemberton, "but ordinary soles would have gone to piecebin much less time.""Don't throw away shoes that can brepaired. Have them re-bottomed withtdugh, durable Neolin Soles. Arocobbler or repairman will do the workfor vou. The price is no more thanfor soles that give less wear. RememberNeolin Soles are created by scienceto be what soles should be. Theyare flexible and waterproof as well asdurable. They come on new shoes ofall styles. They are made by TheGoodyear Tire & Rubber Company,Akron, Ohio, who also make WingfootHeels guaranteed to outwear anyother heels.Tleolin Solesta Mark Re. 0.3. Pt, OX.DON T THROWmBAD COLD QUICKLY BROKEK UPMrs. Martha Wilcox, Gowanda, N.Y., writes: "I first used Chamberlain's Cough Remedy about eightyears ago. At that time I had ahard cold and coughed most of thetime. It proved to be just what Ineeded. It broke up the cold im. afew days, and the cough entirelydisappeared. I have told maay of myfriends of the ' good I receivedthrough using this medicine, and allwho have used it speaks of it in thehighest terms" Obtained everywhere. (jan-adVyLOSTSomewhere on the streets of Parisa siver mesh purse: Finder returnto this office and receive reward'.FOUNDOn Tenth street, a rubber boot(left) with wool-lined moccasin inside. Owner can secure same by calling' at Wilmoth & Co.'s grocery,proving, property, and paying"charges. (20-tf)Furs and HidesWe pay highest prices for iron,hides, junk and wool.MUNICH & WLDES & CO.1,Eighth St., Paris, Ky.,Cumb. Phone 374.(23-tf)Rooms For Rent.Two nicely furnished rooms onthird floor of The Robneel Flats, atcorner of Main and Eighth streets.Steam heat, bath and all conveniences. Men preferred. Call for(3"-ft) MRS. J. T. CLilWC.'Strayed or Stolen'Strayed or stolen from my place ontheiOsne Ridge pike, a 3-year-old sorrel walking mare, 15 hands high, onewhite foot in rear, small star in forehead. A bay Welsh Pony was following mare. Liberal reward for information leading to recovery.JAS. M. CALDWELL,(3f) Paris, Ky.To Secure the BestPositions You PrepareFor Them.You: cannot afford to take anychances in selection of a businessschool for year boy or your girt oryourself You don't have to go- byguess work a little investigationwill' convince; you that the FugazziSchool" of Business can offer youmore advantages give you a bettermore- thorough and more efficienttraining than you can get atthe average school and as good as-thebest schools in the country.Our corps of teachers is unsurpassed and! though our school is un--nowcomposed of about 200 students individual instruction isgiven to each.The high opinion in which business; men lireld the Fugazzi School is;reflected in: the great demand for ourgraduates which demand we tfo notbegin to be able to fill.Write for booklet or call at theschool". Bay and Night Classes..Fugazzi School ofBusinessEfficiency Is Our Watchword".""MISS IRENE FUGAZZI, PrincipalMRS. L. V. JONES, Ass't. Fttn.118 N. Upper St.. Second Hoor.Lexington. Ky.(nmKKIUUHIwAfmmf wjwHf JfJtm2Here is your opportunity to fetoftagainst embarrassing errors in sgelliof?pronunciation and poor choice ofwords. Know the meaning of puzzltnfjwar terms. Increase your efficiencywmen results in power and success.WEBSTER'SNEW INTERNATIONALDICTIONARY is an air-knowingteacher, a universal questionanswerer, made to meet yourneeds. It la in daUyuso byhundreds of thousaada of successful men and women ti vorld orer.409.eH) Words. 27MFsl. MM Illustrations. 12.0M BIaraph!cal Entries. 3,900 Geograplireal Subjects.BelGRAND PRIZE. (Hizkest Award)ranama-racinc xopoaiuon.mKtJLAft aai JUMIAAITM. IMIm.WRITE for Soedxaen Parea- FREE(dec27-3tT) -"rocxet juaos u you name uua paper. ifC. ft C. MERMAM CO., EH6,.. 1k-!JMyi--.4 f" J.fJ.t- rVJTUESDAY. JANUARY 7, 1919.THE BOTJEBOH NEWS, PAJJIS, KEHOTCKT?AG1srrfl4IIIfLETTERS FROM BOURBON COUNTYSOLDIERS AND SAILORSDr. B. P. Orr recently received the sides of Paris, all from the outside.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.following: letter from his son, Cap t.(Dr.) Jas. A. Orr, of Paris, who isin the "Medical Corps of the American Expeditionary Force in Prance.Until recently Capt. Orr has heenunable to give his lacotion, but thelifting of the censorship enabled himto date his letter from Menil la Tour,France. The letter follows:"Menil la Tour, France,"Dec. 1, 1918."Dear Papa:"The censorship is now lifted, sowe can tell where we are, etc. "Wesaw in the papers that it was liftedsome days before we got the order."We left Ft. Benj. Harrison forNew York, went by Cleveland,- Buffalo, Rochester, Utica, Syracuse anddown by the Hudson to New York,crossed over on a ferry boat to LongIsl?md and out 65 miles on LongIsland to Camp Upton. Here westaid for two days and two nights.We then boarded the train aboutv o'clock in the evening, goingup through New Haven, Conn., andVermont and reached Montreal,Canada, about two p. m. next day."Here we boarded our ship, aBritish transport, H. M. S. S. Valacia,(which being interpreted means HisMajesty's Steam Ship Valacia.)"We started from Montreal about5 p. m. that day, Aug. 22. We wentdown the St. Lawrence river, crossedthe Gulf of St. Lawrence, and intot .orhnr rf Svflnev. Here weLUC utwuvi - jwaited several days for our convoy.After the ships of our convoy camea conference of the masters of allthe ships was held and the Admiraldecided that our ship was not fastenough to keep up with the convoy.So they pulled out and left us.Then we went back up the St. Lawrence river to Quebec, where we weretransferred to another ship. . m.S. Port Lincoln, and started outagain. We joined a convoy of aboutten ships off Nova Scotia, and thesecond day out at sea we were joinfl 12 more ships from New York."I am now at Menil la Tour, Department of Menrthe et Moselle. Departments correspond to our States,although not much larger than acounty. I am eight miles north ofToul, fifteen northwest of Nance, andtwenty-five miles southwest of Metz.See is you can find it on the map."Love to all,"JIM."Pass this letter on to Willie,Jessie and Anne."My address is still the same."Capt. Jas. B. Orr, M. C."5th Bn., 22nd Engrs., ."Am. E. P."onWORTH INVESTIGATING.The correspondent was disposed tomake rather a joke of the fact that aHarrodsburg undertaker had founda preventive for influenza that hecarried about in a little vial, takingan occasional sniff at the same. Thepreventive in question was found tobe embalming fluid, containing amajor portion of formaldehyde. It isnot so much of a joke after all, because a i-.OUiSVllie unaeruus-er ui.prominence in his business has cometo the conclusion that foipnaldehydeas handled by the undertaker in hiswork of embalming; prevents infection by the influenza germ.This gentleman points out thatthroughout the course of the epidemic in Louisville, when every undertaker was working far beyond hisstrength and exposed in every possible way to the infection, none camedown with it. He points out furtherthat exposure to infection rarely, ifever, bothers the undertaking fraternity: and he credits this fact to theformaldehyde. It might be well forMrs. J. L. Horton is a guest ofrelatives in Maysville.Mr. Julius D. Askins has returned to his home in Ashland, after a visit to friends in this city.Mr. and Mrs. Edward Lee anaMr. Finlev Saunders have returnedfrom a visit to friends in Richmond.Mrs. J. T. Clark and son,Charles, have returned from a visitto Mr. and Mrs. T. M. Hamilton, inNewport.Miss Mildred Woods has returned'to her home in Shelbyville, aftera visit to Miss Anna Louise White,near Paris.Mrs. Birdie Clay Webb and MissSusie Clay- have returned from avisit to Mrs. Daniel Kimbrough, inCynthiana.Miss Anna Louise White and herbrother, Mr. Preston White, attended the Sigma Chi dance at Danville,Friday night.Mr. J. W. Oliver, who nas oeenspending the holidays with relativesin this city, has returned to his homein Youngstown, Ohio.Mrs. E. B. Hedges was a guestduring the holidays of her daughter,Mrs. Samuel Biggs, and Mr. Biggsand family, in Huntington, WestVirginia.Miss Elizabeth Kenney has returned to Georgetown College, after spending the holidays with herparents, Mr. and Mrs. R. P. Kenney,in this city.Miss Lula Flanagan, guest during the holidays of her brother, Mr.TWhr. KMnnn.jrA.n. and Mrs. Flanagan,on Houston avenue, has returned toher home in Cincinnati.Miss Anne McAdams was hostess to the newly-organized BridgeClub at her home in Lexington, Friday. Among the out-of-town members present was Mrs. James Thompson, Jr., of Paris. v ,Mr. Charles Doyle and familym with thfi influenza at theirhome on the Georgetown pike. Mr.Frank Wilmott and Mr. Lute JacobyI J r EVEI&BQBY KNOWS Ib3ngpsv "gfor,,4.U tlULlli.ables theLSJ6.those in charge of the public health , both known citizens of theto do some experimenting wiin me pin-pna of the Hutchison precinct,assurance ox materia-. --. "infftdiirtion of iSuicK cars enaoiesRnir.lr Motor Comoanv to esiablifollowing prices on the varioumodels, effective January first, 1919.These prices will not be changed timingickourers sims: agreements.fumes of this powerful chemical withrespect to its powers over the influenza infection.oSo we had twenty-two ships in ourconvoy coming over. Never a submarine did we see. Of course we wereglad that we did not, yet we weresomewhat disappointed that we didnot, as we were well preparedfn-r tpm I hone they will havesome in New York harbor that we scan see when we return."We were on board the two shipstwenty-six days. So I had gotten toi,A milte a sailor when we landed atLiverpool. We disembarked at Liverpool about 5 p. m. and got aboardthe train there at 10 o'clock andcrossed England to Southhampton.Here we spent the day and boardedanother ship at 5 p. m. to cross the-rcnp-iish Channel. We came out bythe Isle of Wight and left TheNeedles at 9 p. p. and arrived atCherbourg, France, aboutHere we lay in the harbor until nextmorning. About three days out fromLiverpool we were met by a wholeflock of sub. destroyers, which dodged in and around our fleet of shipsas though they were doing it for ouramusement and it did meet with oursatisfaction. We only had onedestroyer coming across the channeland no other ship with us, but wewere on a very fast vessel."We spent the day in Cherbourgand loaded up on a freight trainwe had one passenger coach for theofficers and came across France directly to the headquarters of theIht railway in the Toul Sector.Was here a couple of weeks and thencame right on up nearer the front.Our headquarters were far enoughback of the lines to pracumjrout of danger. Our organizationconnected up the American lightrailway with the German light railway. The light railway track is 60centimeters wide and is used to carryammunition and supplies up to therHave seen several airplane battles, one in which the German planewas brought down. Was up at thefront when the firing swyyeu wvember 11. Was on special serviceSSTomee of the Chief Su rgecmSecond Army, for some time, whichtook me pretty much over the area!2T"cJLa Armv. So have been' PUUn some of the inuresIn towns. Toul fe an ancient city- surrounded by a wall and moat.Sently it was one of tip strongfortified cities of : Eurone Nanceisone or tne i-i . ,PAEIS TESTIMONYHome Proof, Here, ThereEverywhereandWhen you see Doan's Kidney Pillsrecommended in this paper you mostalways find the recommender a Parisresident. It's the same everywnerein 3,800 towns in the U. S. fiftythousand people publicly thankDoan's. What, other kidney remedycan give this proof of merit, honestyand truth? Home testimony mustbe true or it could not be publishedhere. Then read this Paris recommendation. Insist on having Doan's.You will know what you the getting.Phillip M. Heller, proprietor peatmarket, 722 Main street, says: "Ihave used Doan's Kidney Pills a fewtimes in the past and have beenereatlv benefited by them. At timesmy back was weak and lame and thekidney secretions passed too frequently, making me get up oiten atnight. I have used a box of Doan'sKidney Pills at those times and theyhave always rid me of the complaint.I think they are a splendid medicineand gladly recommend them."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Heller had. Foster-Milburn Co.,Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (aavjPAPERS MAY EXCHANGE SPACEPOE TRANSPORTATIONare on the sick list.' Mr. Strother Mitchell has returned to his home in Allen, Kansas,after a ten-days' visit to relatives inNorth Middletown. Mrs. Mitchellwill remain at the home of her parents, Dr. and Mrs. It. D. Weaver, fora longer visit.Mr. Silas Ritchie and son, Mr.Walter Ritchie, of Paris, Montana,are visiting relatives near this city.Mr. Ritchie, witn nis lamuy, uwto Montana about five years ago. Hetook ud a half-section of land, held'it until recently, when he secured atitle to it and sold it.Three Passenger Open Model H-Six-44Five Passenger Open Model K-Six-45 -FourPassenger Closed Model K-Six-46Five Passenger Closed Model H-Six-47 -SevenPassenger Open Model H-Six-49Seven Passenger Closed Model H-Six-50$149514931985219517852585Buick Motor Company, Flint, Michigan' Pioneer Builders of Valve-in-Head Motor Cars - v, n TTiT.-tiriv ""----'. " MTHmwirmr -nnnwar 1TI rMr. and Mrs. Robert M. Johnson,of Millersburg, have taken rooms atthe Hotel Windsor, and will remainin Paris during the tobacco sales season. Mr. Johnson has a position inone of the tobacco warehouses.They will move next March to theirfarm in Fayette county, recentlypurchased.At Stout's Cafe, Friday night,Mr. Ben F. Buckner, manager of the-sroin-no Tfjirm. -Mr. Edward Simms'C. S. BALLGARAGEPEESIDENT WAftTVTLY GREETEDBY THE ITALIANS.ROME, Jan. 3. President Wilson arrived in Rome at 10:25 o'clockthis morning.He was received at the station byjuuapa uwui, i.xi. " King Victor Emmanuel and Queenmagnificent country estate, was host JJ mhGrR of the governmentDirector General McAdoo issuedan order Tuesday authorizing thei Vv. fo vpnr 1919 Of COn-tracts between railroads and newspapers for the exchange of inter-staterailroad transportation for .advertisin, TTnder the form of contractnewspapers can not charge for therailroad advertising more than theirusual commercial rates and the railroads must compute the value oftransportation on the basis oi thenormal tariff fare for one way tickets. r-Oo na-riv nf friends at summer. Themenu served was compoesd of oldcountry ham, turkey, peas, creamedpotatoes, grape fruit, salads, coffee,cigarettes, etc. The guests presentwere Stanhope Wiedemann, Wl A.Thompson, H. M. Roseberry, Charlton Clay, Ben Woodford, Sr., JamesCaldwell, John J. Collins, uawaruBurke, Buckner Woodford, AnsonSquires, Brinch Meinertz, S. T.Crombie, Thos. Buckner, J. WillThomas, Oscar T. Hinton, ClarenceK. Thomas, S. Kenney Nichols, Samuel Iieach, Thos. Wadell, Johnsonand S. P. Harding.(Other Personals on Page 5). oWHITE SCHOOLS INSTATE SHOW INCREASETHE GIST OF IT."Last December I had a very severe cold and was nearly down sick, -ua T linmirht tWO DOlueo u.Chamberlain's Cough Remedy and itwas only a very few days until I wasRestored to health," y vMetcalfe. Weatherby, Mo. If youwould know the value of this remedy ask any one who has used it.Obtainable everywhere. (jaMdy)-,,t n ML'itT VF.AT?:C. , (Tth city in size, or w eo av.B.yw--"rSele. Metz 1b the best ignsMB T ""-JJT'JZZSJr tte others, j -Go hack to school" was the New4She W good shops and youcan get a very gooa juc -franl,(a franc is about 18 centsO"I don't have any idea when we-will fet Home. It may be a monthor three or four montns. At j -or uirw ujl Occupa-we axe not In tne Armytion. I hope to get to see Pis, before I comeback, but it to hard toThe restncuu" "Year's (message sent by the Children's Bureau to the hoys and grilsof Xerica who entered shops andvictories to do their hit during thewar.is"The future national army of peaceL R-hool." says Uncle Sam."Eevery boy and girl should stay inschool and train their minds and!2 . TmiHta in order that they maytet there now. 'me rcowxw - "" n -h ark of the fu-" t . rrr Tnnre. i rwirnr oti wen iuvwarns w & umj - ..cameclose, as everyonej .,rABe TFrance We4ight by Paris. We thought we wereS5-1 .nrt tne city, but we came'Sit up to the town and en cmeFRANKFORT, KY., Jan. $. Duri , loci vwr the number ofwhite high schools in Kentucky hasincreased twenty, Prof. McHenryRhoads, Superintendent of HighSchools, stated in his annual report.There are now 390 mgn scnooiswith an enrollment of 21,707, an increase of 2,129 and a decrease of 148in the teaching force, which nownumbers 1,140. .The average attendance is sixtyfor 390 schools.The schools graduates last yeai2,468 pupils, of whom 796 are attending college, an increase of thirty.rpVioao hie-h schools OWn 51,574,-513.42 worth of property; 282 ofthem have libraries valued at$90,830,170; have laboratory equip1 "V rfii 888.910.42. and 237Upend on manual training and homeeconomics $m,iz.oi. mManual training is taught in fiftynine, home economics in eighty-fourand agriculture in xoi.The average cost per pupil of thehigh schools is $45, the expendituresranging from $12 to $150.The teachers of 308 schools re-r rf,w J814.818.90. and oftheir number, 378 are college graduates and 343 are normal school graa-UaThe thirty-four negro high schoolshave an enrollment of 1,209 and anaverage attendance of thirty with109 teachers, ininywcu "aiGraduates and . forty-eight normalschool graduates. They draw$53,677.90 in salaries, only twentyfive' schools reporting.UY!7 ia roLrtuated. 129 --pupilslast year and forty-two went to col-Helena, members of the governmentand representatives of the local authorities. An immense crowd welcomed thePresident with the greatest enthusiasm.King Victor Emmanuel acceptedan invitation to have luncheon withPresident Wilson and family at theresidence of Ambassador Page today. The program arranged for President Wilson's entertainment xo-aayincluded a lunch with Queen MotherMargherita, a reception by the Parliament and a state dinner with KingVictor Emmanuel, following thevisit to the President of a deputation from the Quirinal.In. the evening the citizenship ofRome will be conferred upon theAmerican executive.On Saturday there will be aluncheon at the American emDassyin honor of the President. This alsois the day set for his visit to JfopeBenedict and for his reception toProtestant bodies at the Americanchurch. He will take dinner withthe court.The President expects to leave forGenoa on Sunday and possibly willgo to Milan. On Monday he will arrive at Turin where lie will make ashort visit, leaving for Paris on Monday night.From the frontier to Rome theiournev of President' Wilson was likea triumphal nrocession. Mountaineers and villagers swarmed fromthe hill and valleys to the raiiroaaover which the Presidential trainpassed to pay homage to America.Thev shouted "Vivas," waving,hatsand handkerchiefs and flags andforming picturesque groups whichwere emphasized by the brilliantsunshine, blue sky and green luxuriant landscape.INSURANCE!FIRE TORNADO AUTOMOBILE HAILWatch for the expiration of your policiesand let us havev some of your renewalsYERKES & PEEDAt farmers & Traders Bank:W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 29SCorner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.v:Sht Pundit. So-I hare seen three ( the nation." i-nrm not onlyture. in scncKn juu. - -prepareyourselves for better jobspnr.V. . 1or hilt TOU willr TCK utuVe strensfi, of fe Tbe averege cost peRPUpU U totaln passes.Wiii,iwiw , w . OTltr5TIpr from 34 tu j7w.On Board President Wilson'sSpecial Train, January 3. TheFranco-Italian frontier was crossedat Modane at 10:30 o'clock Thursday morning by President Wilson'sspecial train.The Presidential party was met aithe frontier by Thomas N. Page,American Ambassador to Rome;Count Macchi de-ueuere, liauuuAmbassador to the United, States,and the Prince of Udine, who willaccompany the party to Rome.The Presidential party caught itsfirst glimpse of the snow-cappedpeaks of the Western Alps at breakfast tipne Thursday, while the tramwas crawling siowiy luniugufrom the continuous round of activities of his English visit and islooking forward with great pleasureto his visit to Rome.The neonle of Italy manifestlyare trying to outdo their French andBritish allies in ardor and enthusiasm of welcome for the President.The first stop of the special trainwas made at Modane, where a hugethrong beseiged the railway stationand greeted President ana Mrs. vvuson with a tremendous ovation.The station was decorated witnAmerican and allied flags, flowersand bunting, and many of those whohad waited for. hours to hail thetrain were waving tiny Americanemblems, some of them home-made.TV1.0 Train trvnnpd at Modane forseveral minutes.In towns, villages and hamlets allalong the route crowds cheered andwaved enthusiastically as the trampassed. The weather is ideal.1919Wilmoth & Co.CExtend to all theirpatrons and friendsNEW YEAR'SGREETINGSthe$30, the cost rangingPresident Wilson rested ThursdayCROWE WILL NOT OPPOSE COL.OLDHAM.Robt. T. Crowe, of LaGrange,Speaker of the last House of Representatives, and mentioned by theLouisville Times and other papers asa probable candidate for LieutenantGovernor, in a letter, aaviaeu mofriend, Col. R. C. Oldham, of Winchester, announced candidate, thatunder .no circumstances will he oppose hip for themomination.A cordial invitationis extended to thegeneral public for ashare of its businessduring 1919.WILMOTHGrocery Gc.Phone 33'-r.:1ii'AIiTUESDAY, JANUARY TV 1919rpage roreTHEBOUKBON NEWS, TPAEIS, KENTUCKYXy13'lyTHE TOBACCO MARKETSThe Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCompany sold a total of 130,130pounds of tobacco yesterday for atotal of $44,107.72, a floor-averageof $33,89. The quaHty of the offerings was poor, as compared tothose at previous sales. No in--dividualcrop averages could be obtained last night but they Avere reported as being good. The Bourbonhouse will have a sale today.The Independent house sold a totalof 143,000 pounds at their sale yesterday for a total of $48,764.94, afloor average of 34.10. The offerings -were of a medium quality. Thisliouse will have a sale today.vBOURBON WAREHOUSEFriday, Dec. 3.The Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCompany sold 86,975 pounds of to1 bacco Friday for $31,512.10, an average of $36.26 per hundred pounds.The following crop averages were reported :Webber & Gay sold 3,805 poundsfor $1,280.01, average, $33.64.Clay & Donadson sold 3,400 poundsfor $1,587.30, average, $46.68.Claybrook & Link sold 2,865pounds for $1,160.76, average,$42.12.Alverson & Conrad sold 1,600pounds for $678.77, average, $42.42.Hern & Webb sold 1,615 poundsfor' $532.55, average, $32.97.Lyons & Ewalt sold 3,655 poundsfor $1,298.87, average, $35.80.Steele & Osborne sold 3,115 poundsfor $1,403.50, average, $45.Alexander & Turner sold 2,745pounds for $1,076.70, average,$39.47.J. H. Barns sold 1,740 pounds for$587.97, average, $33.Marr & Gravil sold 6,745 poundsfor $1,866.60, average, $27.50.Dodge & Stoker sold 8,155 poundsfor $3,567.55, average, $48.65.Boardman & Crump sold s4,260pounds for $1,266.32, average,$29.95.Henry & Singleton sold 1,660pounds for $558.93, average, $33.06.Wallace & Howard sold 7,535pounds for $2,619.77, average,$34.70.Wallis & Tree ;sold 3,560 poundsfor $1,082.25, average, $30.W. MT Rogers sold 2,190 poundsfor $768.76, average, $35.10.R. C. Palmeter sold 2,495 poundsfor $935.40, average, $37.Palmeter & McLain sold 3,025pounds for$41.68.Woodfordpounds for$1,261.15, average,& Howard sold 3,545$1,578.95, average,$45.10.Kissick & Saunders sold 1,620pounds for $665.65, average, $41.09.Mason & Smart Bros., sold 3,185pounds for $1,672.80, average,$52.52.Rice & Sleggins sold 6,110 poundsfor $2,581.85, average, $42.25.McClintock & Rose sold 2,550pounds for $755.34, average, $29.60.Jas. Caldwell sold 4,130 pounds for$1,937.60, average, $46.91.Bryan & Shepherd sold 3,220pounds for $952.80, average, $46.91.Daugherty & Rice sold 3,950pounds for $156.79, average, $29.27.INDEPENDENT WAREHOUSEFriday, Dec. 3.The Independent Tobacco Warehouse Company sold Friday, a total of127,315 pounds of tobacco for$42,880.04, an average of $33.68 perhundred pounds.Clark & Eads sold 3,670 pounds,average, $38.89.Park Bros., & Lewis sold 2,765pounds, average, $38.29.Jacoby & Craycraft sold 1,900-pounds, average, $47.57.Lail & Yarnell sold 5,655 pounds,average, $38.37.Lyne & Ewalt sold 2,750 pounds,average, $35..67.Snapp & Hicks sold 3,220 pounds,.average, $40.76.Geo. Blackburn sold 1,585 pounds,-average, .$32.51.W.. R. Tuttle sold 3,680 pounds,.average, $38.06.Ewalt & Kenton sold 4,400 pounds,.average, $31.07.Allen & Perkins sold 5,630 pounds,-average, $40.96.Myers & Dale sold 4,995 pounds,.average, $45.98.Hinkston & Mitchelltree sold 3,595pounds, average, $33.14.Mrs. Nannie C. Howard sold 2,170pounds, average, $32.58.S. P. Harding sold 3,490 pounds,iaverage,$43.32.Plummer, MeClure & Clark sold.5,345 pounds, ayerage, $42.10.Hall & Eads sold 3,635 pounds,javerage, $38.37.Haggard & Hawkins sold 3,015pounds, ayerage, $37.72.CJay & Myers sold 9,145 pounds,average, $32.11.; oJ MAKES EGGS PLENTIFULVDon Son" makes hens lay.- (It)' OBERDORFER, Agent.okED CROSS CHRISTMAS ROLLEXTENDED TO JANUARY 10.Mrs. Frank P. Lowry, manager forthe Bourbon County Red Cross Campaign, received the following telegram yesterday from Mr.MackenzieR.j Tood, of Louisville, State Chairman in the campaign, which willbel extended to January 10th."''Mrs. F. P. Lowry" Mgr. tmas Roll.CallParis, Ky."Make every effort to secure additional magazine subscribers in yourcojiilty. This is a request fromk Washington. Perhaps you can findmany who have subscribed with onedollar who are wilingjo give an additional dollar to secure the RedCross Magazine f6r nineteen nineteen. Your attention to this willt)e appreciated by the AmericanJfational Red Cros.Mackenzie R. Todd.Those -who desire to have JheirCross Magazine can do so by applying at the office of the Home Service division, at the Corner of tMainand Broadway, or to Mrs. F. P.JLowry, Bourbon County Chairman.LOCAL AUTO DEALER' TALKSABOUT THE BUICKAn interview with Mr. C. S. Ball,local Buick distributor, makes certain that the purchaser of a Buickcar between now and the end of the1919 season is not running anychance that the price will be subjectto further change during that period."I have just received a letter fromthe Home Office," said Mr. C. S.Ball, "containing the revised priceschedule effective January 1, 1919,covering the various Buick modelsduring the remainder of the season.Four models have been reduced inprice and the other two repiain untouched. "There has been considerablespeculation as to what the Buick Mo-,tor Company was going to do aboutthe prices of their cars, as the closeof the war left things in such anuncertain condition regarding theprice and quantities of raw materialsavailable that a good many peoplefelt it would be impossible for thereally big manufacturers to find theirbearings for some time to come."This prompt action on thepart of the company slws that theyhave been able to clear the situationup sooner than anybody expected,and I for one am delighted with theannouncement so early in the season."Their war orders which have beendejmamling the major part of theirenergies have been completed and theanouncement of the present prices isevidence that the Buick Motor Company now has a measure of the situation and sufficient material is insight that will permit laying out adef nite building schedule which againproves the buyer of a Buck automo-Uile is at all times protected againstunwarranted price changes."Orders for Buick cars are pilingup on us very fast and I feel reasonably sure that we shall be able totake care of the greater part of themwithin a reasonable time. We shallmake every effort to see that no favoritism is shown our waiting listwhich plan has worked out so admirably in the past."Buick enthusiasts appreciate theimportance of this announcement,because all uncertainty has nowbeen removed, both as to the possi-,bility of getting Buick cars this yearand the possibility of the prices being lowered."(lit) ,oKENTUCKY COLONEL IN GERMANY TO RUN FOR GOVERNORColonel George T. Smith, of theThirty-Second Division in the Armyof Occupation, now in Bassenheim,Germany, was declared Saturday tobe a candidate for Governor of Kentucky on the Democratic ticket byhis wife. Smith left for overseas earlyin October with his regiment. Hewas formerly Colonel of the 'SecondRegiment in the Kentucky NationalGuard. Mrs. Smith said in makingknown that her husband would run,that the step is taken at request ofthe soldiers from this State under hiscommand.According to Mrs. Smith, ColonelSmith has asked for his dischargewith a view of returning to thiscountry in the spring, so that he canfix up his fences for the DemocraticprimaryColonel Smith saw service in theSpanish-American war. He moved toLexington from Beattyville, where hewas postmaster, and responding tothe call of the country, surrenderedhis position to take up arms againstthe Germans.Colonef Smith was chairman ofLee County Democratic Committee;made the race for the Legislature infour counties that were Republican,and was defeated by the narrow margin of fifty-nine votes. He graduatedfrom the Louisville and AnnapolisColleges. He is a dentist by profession. Colonel Smith is well-known inParis. He married Miss Carrie Wilson, a sister of Mr. J. Sims Wilsonand David Wilson, of Paris. He wasa classmate of Judge Charles A. McMillan, of Paris.oB-4 TIRTEInsure withW.O.H1NTON &SON,AgtsBARN AND TOBACCOGO UP IN SMOKEA tobacco bar non the farm of R.R. Whitsitt on the Levee pike, nearMt. Sterling, was destroyed by fire,entailing a considerable loss, as therewas a crop of 9,000 pounds of tobacco in the barn. It is supposed fireoriginated from a match or' cigarettedropped by one of the strippers whohad been at work that day in thebarn.0-;Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanHOG CHOLERA DECLINES ASRESULT OF CAMPAIGNSCampaigns by the State Agricultural Department against live stockdisease has resulted in a decreasein the loss from hog cholera in Kentucky from $2,500,000 in 1012 to$200,000 in 1918. Only ninety-threecattle tested for tuberculosis out of4,000 were infected. These facts werepnade known by S. F. Musselman,State veterinarian.oIn war times the, hqrny handed sonof toil shoufd dallytwith thehprn ofplenty. -JMiTLLERS ASK RETURffWHEAT-BOUGHT .Appeals to the federal grain corporation, a branch of the Food Administration, that unless wheat purchased by it for exportation to Europe, and now at shipping points, -isreturned, flour mills face a serioussituation and are unable to knowwhere they can get wheat, have beenjoined in by Central Kentuckymillers.The return of the wheat 'fromshipping points, would mean the lossof the freight costs of shipping thewheat to the shipping points, andfor its return at the presen time, butthis, according to local dealers, isthe "only way out" of the presentdifficulty.The purchase last year of thewheat by the grain corporations, andthe recent changes which have resulted in what millers say is a critical state of affairs, was described atthe (meeting Friday of the CentralKentucky Millers' Association, butno action was taken by the organization as a whole. Individual milling companies have, however, it waslearned, sent appeals to JuliusBarnes, head of the grain corporation acting under the authority vested in Herbert C. Hoover as fotfd administrator, asking him to act in thematter.According to the millers, at thetime the 1918 wheat crop was sold,both farmers and millers understoodthat the price set by the administration of $2.26 a bushel (Chicago,)would stand. This, they say, causedfarmers to sell all wheat on hand,caused individual grain dealers, private elevators and others to cut outpurchases, believing there would beno chance for araise in price. Consequently, it was declared by millers,what wheat the millers did not buy,went to the grain corporation. Theflour mills, they say, can only storeenough grain for approximately sixmonths, as a general thing, and nowthe summer purchases of wheat arevirtualy exhausted.Increase in price is certain, somemillers declare, and say that a serious situation is faced unless thecrrain coiuoration returns some ofthe wheat which it has sentshipping points.toBOYS CHARGED WITH THEFT OFVALUABLES.In Police Court yesterday morning the cases against Louis Tyree andWiliam C. Whaley, both very youngwhite boys, charged with stealing afur cloak, valued at $1,000 from Mrs.Sallie Bashford, of Paris, was continued on account of the absence ofChief of Police Link, and Police.Judge Martin, who were called toGeorgetown.Lexington police called Chief LinkFriday morning and asked him ifanyone in Paris or Bourbon countyhad lost a seal skin cloak; that anegro from Paris, who gave hisname as Clarence Washington, hadbeen trying to dispose of one. Mrs.Bashford, who is nearly 80 years old,told the police she had a very finecoat, but seldom wore it. Her losswas discovered and the identity ofthe lost garment established. Mrs.Bashford also exhibited to the officerseveral checks she had given to William Clay Whaley and Louis Tyree,mounting to $28, which she gavethe boys for recovering certainjewelry stolen from her house.Chief Link arrested both youngmen, who are less than 17 years old JThey acknowledge they took thecloak and hid it behind the ParisGrand Opera House building, whereWashington, the negro boy, claims tohave found it. The boys, who havebeen in trouble before, but who weregiven another chance, would steal thejewelry from Mrs. Bashford's home,it is alleged, hide it and then represent to Mrs. Eashford they could recover it on payment of $5 or ?7.50,which in each instance she gave themGetting the check cashed, the boyswould, return the jewelry, wait afew weeks, steal it again and getanother check.SERVICE CHEVRONS MUST BEWORN BY DISCHARGED MENGold, blue and silver service chevrons are an essential part of the uniform, and must be worn at all times,according to an order published atall cantonpnents. In the past, theservice stripes have been worn bysome soldiers and disregarded byothers. In the future soldiers willwear all stripes to which they are en-titled. Gold chevrons are for wounds,blue for foreign service and silverfor service in this country.The affidavit system of pay whereby soldiers whose service orjpay records have been misplaced can obtain pay by making personal affidavitto the amount due them, has beenextended to the army nurses as wellas the soldiers. Many nurses aretransferred from other camps or returned here from foreign sevlcewithout the proper records. In thepast they have been unable to getthe (money due them becausef thisabsence of records, but under t thenew arrangement they will get theirpay at once., oSCHOOLS CLOSED.The County Schools at Stony Point,Millersburg and Centersville wereordered closed yesterday by theBourbon County Board of Health onacount of the -prevalence of influxenza in those vincinities.0F(U. S. NAVY BAND TO TOUR DISTRICT AGAIN.The warmth of the welcome extended to the United States NavyReserve Band from the ClevelandTraining Ship on its recent tour ofthe Fourth Federal Reserve districtin the interest of the Fourth LibertyLoan has inspired the members ofthe band to a decision to make another tour of the district.They plan a series of popular concerts in the principal cities and hopeto have enough left, after defrayingthe expenses of the trip out of thenominal admissions, to divide amongthe mepnbers of the band, most ofwhom wish to finish their courses inschools and colleges which their enlistment interrupted. The tour hashas the sanction of the .naval officials. Ensign C. J. McRoy is now outahead of the band making necessaryarrangements for auditoriums andtickpt sales, etc.A tentative schedule has been arranged, subject to change, as Ensign McRoy's advance arrangementsbecame known. The only stop so fararranged for Kentucky is at Lexington, where the band will appear onMonday, January 20.A note from the Liberty Loan headquarters at Cleveland, says:"If your city is not on the listnamed and would be interested inhaving a concert, Lieut. J. H. Clark,Guardian Building, Cleveland, wouldbe glad to have you communicatewith hipi." "' Hey, Rudolph, get busy!NOTESOF " THE COMMERCIALTRAVELERSIn the Notes of The CommercialTravelers," in Sunday's LexingtonLeader appears the following relatingto Paris men who (make the road as"disseminating angels of commerce:" "Robert Goggins, representing theBryan-Hunt Company, was" in tljecity last Friday and says he isstarted out for a good business forthe new year."W. E. Lawyer, representing thePower Grocery Company, of Paris,is a new addition to this firm.''Clyde . Calvert, representing theG. Z. Faulconer Company, leaves tonight for an extended trip throughthe West. This is one house thatsells goods all over the UnitedStates, and we wish Clyde muchsuccess."Fred Bassett, the representativeof the Power Grocery Company, whodoes monologue work on the side willon January 15, 1 entertain the Y. M.C A. capnps at Louisville, givingtwo performances in the evening."GREAT VALUES!WBMBm IHlSiliimmmmmmmWMmmm ,i mm HIR. P7th and MainFrank S Co.': SalsStarts Saturday, Jan. 4STOP,X"AT FRANK & CO.'LOOKIN THELISTENCOME IN AND LET US TELL YOU OF OURWONDERFUL PRICES.TABLES FULLFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSMen's and Young Men'sOVERCOATSAt Special PricesYou will find here in our store a great demonstration of Men's and Young Men's Overcoats atspecial prices. We started this sale ' a week agoand a good many have taken advantage of it, butWe Still have a Srjlendid nsanrrncm- ri olfrom.Jax , . 0uF Overcoats have gained the reputation of&y being the best styled and fitted ones in town.' Ulster Coats in good lengths, belted backsa and short, snug fitting coats, silk and satin-lined,are leading styles also waist-line seam coat for-a young men.Buv Thatv 0Overcoat Today!$50.00 Overcoats cut to $45.00$45.00 Overcoats cut to .... $40.00$42.50 Overcoats cut to $37.50$40.00 Overcoats cut to $35.00$37.50 OAercoats cut to $32,50$35.00 Overcoats cut to $30.00$32.50 Overcoats cut to $5T.50$30.00 Overcoats cut to $25.00$27.50 Overcoats cut to $22,50$25.00 Overcoats cut to $20.00$22.50 Overcoats cut to $ 7.50$20.00 Overcoats cut to $ 1 50Cash No ApprovalsJWALSHOne-Price Store . Paris, Ky..WINDOWSOF REMNANTS.Good-Value. W.-WLI.,0TUESDAY; JANUARY 1, 1919. '."THE BOUEBON NEWS, , PABIS, KENTUCKYPAGE HU 1JOvFOR THt BESTNOTHING ELSESOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.MAKES EGOS PLENTIFUL' 'Don Son." makes hens lay.(1) OBEDORFER, Agent.oATTENTION K OF P.Air members of A. J. Lovely Co.,Unifoip. Rank, Knight of Phythias,are requested to meet at their CastleHall, in the Wilson building, at 7:30,Wednesday night, full uniforms, drillimportant business.Wm. W. DUDLEY.Chairman.GOT IN BADWhile en route to his home in Carlisle Newt Mvers ran his machineinto the back waters of HinkstonCreek, near Jackstown, and beingunable to get out without help, hadto spend the night in the machine.The high water prevented him fromgetting out and kept help fromreaching him.o-MORTALITY LISTMr. Will Kincaid, sexton of theNorth Middletown cemetery, reportstwenty-six burials in 1918: threefrom North Middletown, thirteenfrojm Bourbon county outside ofNorth Middletown, six from Montgomery county, two from Clark county, one from Payette county, and onefrom Bath county. t-oGENUINE NEW ORLEANS MOLASSES AND COUNTRYSORGHUMwillFlorida, toFresh shipment of genuine NewOrleans pioslasses and country sorghumPhone in your orders.(it) c. p. cook & co.. --oNEW SECRETARY OF RED CROSSHOME SERVICEMiss Lena Talbott has been appointed secretary of the Home Service Division of the Bourbon CountyBed Cross Chapter, to succeed MissHelen Hutchcraft, who tendered herresignation.Miss Talbott will have an office inthe Bourbon-Agricultural Bankbuilding, at the corner of Main andBroadway. She will be in the officeevery afternoon from two o'clock until six, and all day on Saturdays.oTRAINMAN INJUREDGeorge W. Kewman, a former resident of Paris, and wel-known railroad man, was brought to the MassieMemorial Hospital,, in this city, Saturday, suffering from a broken leg.Newman, who is a fireman, wasleaning from the cab window of hisengine when a timber projectingfrom a car on a freight train comingin an opposite direction struck thecab, tearing it to pieces, and throwing Newman out, his leg beingbroken. At the hospital yesterday hewas reported as resting very comfortably. o ,BROADENING THE SERVICE OFTHE PABIS CITY SCH00IS. .The Paris City Schools have madepreparation to give ft-bnjchonm commerciai stuuiea w yivlf .,-,..school age. Up to and includingJanuary, 20th. students will be admitted to this department. ,This work will include -shorthand,typewriting, book-keeping, commercial English, penmanship, speUmg,commercial Geography, and commercial Spanish. .If you are within the school age, atuition of $4.00 per month will becharged. We do this to give theParis School an opportunity for commercial training at home.It is the purpose of the ParisSchool to have them make the largestpossible contributions to the educational interests of Bourbon County.This work will be in charge ofMiss Ray, a most efficient commercial teacher."AT THE ALAMO AND THE PABISGRANDTheatre-goers are getting theirmoney's worth, to use a slang phrase,every time they attend The Alamoor The Paris Grand. With a splendid orchestra discoursing excellentmusic and a run of movie picturescalculated to suit all tastes thesehouses are crowded each afternoonand evening. The program for theweek follows:Today, Tuesday, January 7 Wallace Reid, a Paris favorite, in '"LessThan Kin;" William Duncan, in thetwelfth episode of "A Fight ForMilions"Wedhesday, January 8 BryantWashburn, in a Lasky production."Till Come Back to You;" Big VComedy, "Daring and Dynamite."Thursday, January 9 Norma Talmadge, in her latest success, "Deluxe Annie;" Vitagraph Comedy,"The Family Flivver," '"and. OfficialWar Review.Friday, January 10 MargueriteClarke, in "WildflflWer;" Ruth Boland, in eleventh episode of "HandsUp." -Saturday, January 11 MadgeKennedy, in "Friend Husband;"Smiling Bill Parsons, in "The Wid:ow's Misnt."Mrs. Eva Dimmitt has returnedfrom a visit to Mrs. Edward Bauer,in Cynthiana.Mr. Woodford Bucknerleave today for Eustis,spend the winter.Mrs. W. E. Cook, of near PiiHahas as her guest Mrs. Pearl L. Miller, of Harrison county.Mrs. Robert Langston is seriously ill at her home on Scott avenue,threatened with pneumonia.Miss Mary Fithian Hutchcrafthas returned from a visit to Mrs.James C. Dedman in Cynthiana,Mr. and Mrs. Louis Taylor andson will leave next week for Florida to remain during the winter.Mr. and Mrs. J. Miller Wardentertained at their country home,"Sunnyside," near Paris, in honor ofDr. and Mrs. Cyril Goodman, ofCairo, Egypt.Miss Sue Boardman has returnedto her school duties at the Universityof Kentucky, Lexington, after spending the holidays with her parents,near Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Robert Merz andlittle daughter, Miss Sallie Merz,have returned from a visit withfriends and relatives in Carlisle andFlemingsburg.Miss Nell Whaley has returnedto Hamilton College, in Lexington,after spending the holdiays with thefamily of her father, Mr. H. ClayWhaley, on Cypress street.Miss Etta Lee and Hazel Hullhave returned to their home in Williamstown, after a visit to MissesLouise and. Katherine Kenney, inthis city.Prof. J. S. Johnson, formerlyprincipal of the Paris sHigh School,has moved from Decatur, 111., to Lexington, to reside. Prof. Johnson ordered THE NEWS sent to his addressin Lexington.Miss Mary Frances Campbellhas returned to her school duties atthe St. Ursula Academy, in Cincinnati, after spending the holidayswith 'her parents, Dr. and Mrs. Francis P. Campbell, on High streetMrs. Elva Clancey, of Paris, hasgone to Centralia, Mo., to nurse Mrs.Irwine, who is seriously ill of pneumonia. Mrs. Irwine was formerly MissLucy Langston, daughter of Mr. andMrs. Robert Langston, of Scottavenue.Mr. and Mrs. John M. Flanagan had as holiday guests at theirhome on Houston avenue, Mrs. AnnieSterling and Mrs. W. W. Bryan, ofHuntington, W. Va., and Mrs. JohnMershon, of Richmond, sisters of Mrs.Flanagan.Mr. J. T. Cassiday and Mr. CharlesKerr, of Lexington, left Friday nightto resume their studies at the University of Virginia. Mr. J. MillerWard, of Paris, accompanied themand will be a student at the LawCollege of the University.Miss Agnes Turner entertainedthe following guests at a dinnerparty at her home on Cypress streetFriday: Misses Elizabeth Tarr, SaraL. Bedford, Rowena Martin, ElizabethHedges, Charlotte Bedford, of Paris,and Lavinia Layson and Alberta Moffett, of Millersburg.Miss Margaret Graham Davis,of Springfield, Ky., was a guest several days of Mr. and Mrs. Jno. T.'Hinton on High street. Miss Davis,who is attending school at Millersburg College, is the daughter of Mr.Will Hinton Davis, formerly of Paris.The Anderson News, LawrenceTburg, says: "Mr. and Mrs. John Graham Bond had as their guests during the holidays, Mts. John Johnson,Prof. Lee Kirkpatrick, Mrs. Kirkpatrick and their daughter, littleMiss Mary Morton, of Paris, arid Mr.Jack Johnson, of the Great LakesNaval Training School."Mr. Dennis Snapp, of Paris,who was recently promoted to the position of Field Sunday School Secretary of the Methodist church, left! yesterday for Atlanta, Ga., where hewill remain several days receiving instructions in his work. Mr. Snappwill have his headquarters in Fans,and will have Kentucky as his territory. Jonas P. Rucker, general agentfor the Louisville & Nashville railroad, at Richmond, who has been seriously ill for several days, wastoken to Cincinnati on a stretcher tobe examined by a specialist. He wasaccompanied by Dr..D. J. Williams.Mr. Rucker is well-known in Paris.For several years he was an operatorin the train dispatchers 'off ice of theLouisville & Nashville" at this point.Miss Elizabeth Tarr was hostessSunday at a dining at -her countryhome to a party of friends. Theguests, who enioyed Miss Tarr's hospitality, were 'Misses Elizabeth Tarr,Virginia Weatherall, Agnes Turner,Charlotte Henry, Alberta Moffett,ToiTiio t'avsoil Louise Letton andith Pinnell. and 'Courtney TayjoryWinchester; Russell' Clayton, DanPeed Jr., Roy Weatherall, Boardman-r.oTr.Aprt. Carlisle; and Thos. Letton.Miss Sara Louise Bedford enter-fo5n with a dinner party at herhome in Paris in compliment to herguest, Miss Rowena Martin, of SheKbyville. Besides the guest of honorthose present were Misses Mary Wilson Tenn, Alberta Moffett, Millersburg, and Agnes Turner. In the evening Miss Bedford gave a dinnerdance. Those present were 'MtesesMartin, Agnes Turner, ElizabethTarr Charlotte Henry and CourtneyTaylor, Russell Clayton, Dan PeedJr., Chester Young Clay Gaitskill andSilas Bedford, Jr.Mr. Horace M. Collins attendedimeet'ng of oil men in Irvine Saturday. Mr. and Mrs. Catesby Woodfordhave returned from a visit to relatives in Mt. Sterling.Among the court day visitors inParis yesterday was Judge RobertWinn, of Mt. Sterling.Mr. Omar G. Lytle, linotype operator at THE NEWS office, is on thesick list, threatened with pneumonia.Mr. Duncan" Bell, of Ford &Co., will leave today for New Yorkand the Eastern markets, on a business mission. -Miss Grace Hasklns, of CountyClerk Paton's and County Judge Batterton's offices, is confined to herroom in The Robnell with an attackof influenza.J. J. Veatch, District Managerof the Central Home Telephone andTelegraph Company, was in Maysvile Tuesday, attending stockholders(meeting of the Maysville TelephoneCompany.The winter season program atthe Y. M. C. A. has been ushered inby the High School boys, with Physical Instructor R. C. Goldsmith incharge. The program included exercises and military drills.A letter from Mr. G. C. Thompson, who is spending the winter atSt. Petersburg, Fla., states that hehad been ill, but was now able tobe up. The weather theie being fineand about 10,000 tourists-in that cityand hundreds arriving daily.Mrs. Lon Graves was hostess ather home lecently to the followingyoung people: Misses GertrudeBramel, Hazel Jackson, ElizabethGraves, Ada Bramel, Mildred Graves,Raymond Clifton, Travis Jackson,Dewey Jackson and Robert Plumkett. Mrs. Jones, wife of Capt. Robert G.Jones, of North Middletown, acharming musician, assisted by Mrs.Strother D. Mitchell, of Allen, Kansas, will give a recital before theWoman's Club of North Middletown,Friday afternoon at -2: 30 o'clock, atthe home of Mrs. Horace M. Bacon.(Other Personals on Page 3.). oPlease dp not buy moire than you need, no matter how tempting the ' values,v No goods w?ill be sent on approval or exchanged.The Greatest Values and Variety We Have Ever Assembled are Being Sacrificed in This UnequaledJANUARY CLEARANCEEvery Garment in the House Has Been SweepinglyReduced Without Regard to Cost "or Value.Don't Delay I Come Early!Clearance of Our Entire Stock ofCOMMITTEE APPOINTED TO ARRANGE TOR MEMORIAL.The movement to erect a monument on the lawn in front of theBourbon county courthouse, whichwas mentioned in a recent issue ofnnvio Maws assumed definite proportions when a meeting was held atthe courthouse to devise means forraisinsr the necessary funds to defray the expenses. Silas E. Bedford,president of the Peoples DepositBank and Trust company, presiutsun. t.ViP. meeting- and addresses weremade hy John M. Brennan, Frank P.Lowry, Mayor E. B. January, CoronerRudolph Davis, A. a. iiancocK, ur. jhl.M. Hamilton, rearce faton anaPresident Bedford. It was decided tohold a mass meeting at the courthouse on Sunday afternoon, Februnrv 1 fi. and to nut on the drive on thefollowing day, Monday, Feb. 17.It was suggested by Mr. nancocKthat Hon. John R. Allen, of Lexington, be invited to preside at the massmeeting on Sunday, and the selectionof Colonel Allen was unanimouslyadopted by those present. Paris citizens remember the most eloquentaddress made by Colonel Allen atthe Paris Opera House on the date ofthe installation of the Red Cross driveand it is the universal wish of ourctizens that he will accept this invitation extended to him to add 'hisvoice and his eloquence to the movement to honor our heroic dead.The f ollowing committee was appointed by President Bedford to select a design for the monument, ascertain its probable cost, and a suitable place for its erection: Miss LucySimms, Mrs. F. L,owry, Mrs. T. i.Tarr, Mrs. H. Clay Howard, Professor E. M. Costello, J. M. Brennan, W.D. Mclntyre, Elder W. E. Ellis andBruce Miller, chairman.The following publicity committeewas annointed: A. B. Hancock. Dr.H. M. Hamilton, Rudolph Davis, SwiftChamp and William Kemmgton.oUNAVODDABLY CROWDED OVER.Failure of the usually prompt messenger to deliver the copy for theWoman's Activities column yesterdayon time compels The News to leavethat valuable contribution until Friday's issue. Couldn't be helped, honest to goodness!Coats that were up to $25.00$14.75'Remarkable values in Zibilenes, Kerseys,Velvets, etc., trimmed with Kit Coney.Coats that were up to $50.00$29.50Choice of Velvets, Velours, Plush, Kitten'sJtCar, Broadcloths, Cut Bolivias in all shades.Tailor or trimmed with Baffin Seal, Kit Coneyor Opossum.Coats that were up to $60.00$39.00Coats of Velour, Plush, Duvet de Laine, Silvertone and Broadcloths; trimmed with Seal,Opossum, Nutria or Natural Raccoon. Linedwith plain or fancy Satin and warmly interlined. Taupe, Brown, Wine Shades, NavyReinder and Black, at choice.Coats that were up to $85.00$53.00Truly magnificent Velours, Silverlones, Bolivias, Suede Cloths, Velvets, Normandy andCrystal Cloth, trimmed with Seal, Nutria,Raccoon or Black Fox; beautiful colorings.Extra sizes included; exquisitely lined.Clearance of Our -Entire Stock ofSuiteSuits that were up to $35.00$15.00Sensational offerings in smartly trimmed orplain tailored Poplins, Serges and Gabardines in navy, black, brown gray and wistaria.Suits that were up to $45.00$23.50Broadcloths, Serges, Poiret Twills, Poplins,in plain tailored or belted effects or trimmedwith braid or buttons; all colors.Suits that were up to $55.00$38.50Sijvertones, Velours, Broadcloths, etc., in allshades; trimmed with Seal or in plain andbelted effects.Suits that were up to $85.00$47.50Superbly lined models in Velour, Duvet de)Laine, Silvertone, Tricotine, Poiret Twilletc. ; tailored or trimmed with Taupe Fox orHudson Seal;in navy, black and richest shades.Skirts up to $15$9.85Broadcloths, Wool Plaids and Stripes, Baronet Satins, Velvets, Men's-Wear Serges,vinnavy, brown, black, green, etc.HARRYM224-22S West Main St., Lexington ,"Ky;Main Street, Paris, Ky.SUHrJust ReceivedPuritan PhonographsPuritan RecordsRELIGIOUS.Dr. J. Layton Mauze, of Huntington, W. Va,., who preached the dedicatory sermon at the Presbyterianchurch Sunday, delivered an addressat' the Y. M. C. A. Sunday afternoon at three o'clock. An especiallyinteresting musical program was rendered by the Opera House orchestra.The Puritan Phonograph Also Plays Any Other Disc' , Records.It is the only Phonograph made with a long horn. The long horn not onlyamplifies and develops but softens the sound. y 'IN ADDITION,,. THE PURITAN PHONNGRAPH is one-fourth cheaperthan any other machine of anything like similar workmanship and character.FOR RENT.MainPJtnrA room, fronting onstreet in Masonic' Temple.Single room, second floor, runningwater, elevator acommodations, foroffice use or living apartpaent. ,0. T. HINTON,Agt., Masonic Temple.s1Priced From$45 to $350X-rTHE PURITAN RECORDS ARE ALL DOUBLE DISC and sell uniformlyat 85 cents. To hear them is to buy them.Let us demonstrate these PURITAN PHONOGRAPHS AND' RECORDS.It will be a pleasure for you and us. , !LOST"nn fhA streets of Paris a blacksilk umbrella-with silver plate onhonillp- initials. "M. C. C." on plate.riniior lpnve at this office and re-'ceive reward.i'ATerms to Suit.vwtTHE J. T. I-IIINTON CO.MOTOR HEARSE- MOTOR INVALID COACH: UNDERTAKING"EITHERPHONE" 36aSIXTH AND MAIN STSTCtffflNIIII8IsIKIMIIi;vPAGE SIXTHE lOUlBOH HEWS, PABIS, KEKTUCKTTUESDAY, JANUARY 7, 1$1V" "n,iVfv .,tsWMItllMttMASKED VICTORYBy MONA OOTR.!(Copyright, 1918. by McClure NewspaperSyndicate)Fred Osborne laughed as 'he 'lit racigar. "But my dear Stewart, 'I don'twant to marry simple littte'Della. SheIs a nice girl, but hardly my choice.'"Give that girl the advantages ofthose city dolls, and she -would outshine them all," answered .Stewart''If I were younger Td not be encouraging you."A young girl passing through thecorridor stifled the cry which rose toher lips as she heard the remarksof the two men.She hurriedly entered her room, and,throwing herself on the bed, brokeinto sobs.Miss Boynton (her hostess) had invited her, and other guests, to spendthe week end at her beautiful countryresidence.As she lay there, a plan suddenlyformed in her mind; and hastily rising and bathing her eyes, she crossedthe hall and knocked at the door."Come in," called a melodious voice."Do sit down, I want to chat withyou." Then as she noticed the girl'sred lips. "Why, Delia, what's thetrouble?"As Delia confided her iplan, the girlsmiled and nodded from time to time."Just you wait!" cried BeatriceLang. "We'llmade them take notice,"and she gave Delia a big hug. Thenthey settled down to discuss the greatsecretThe girls were very busy the nextfew days, planning for the masqueradeball, which the hostess was giving todose her entertainmentAt seven o'clock that evening Deliaentered Beatrice's room, and seatedherself in a chair (placed for her) infront of the dressing table.Beatrice first pulled the lace capfrom her friend's head, revealing amass of beautiful golden curls. Thisehe piled up on the girl's head; thencatching up a lovely pink gown, shepassed it to her and told her to hurryinto itDelia took from a box a pair ofpink satin slippers, and silk stockings,and putting them on, stood up for herJriend's inspection."My dear !" exclaimed Beatrice. "Noone would ever know you," and sheturned the girl to the mirror.T11 do," she laughed, as a rosyflush spread over her face."Do!" Beatrice snapped. "If -everyonedoesn't pronounce you the belleof the ball Til miss my guess."She then picked up a mask and placing It over the girl's face, gave hera push saying: "Now, run along.1'Meanwhile Delia had reached theballroom and was Immediately claimedfor the first dance, which was thengbout to commence.As she whirled about, her eyes ellon a familiar figure."Who is that stunning-looking girlwith Jack Morrill?" asked Fred Osborne of a youth standing near."Don'.t know," was the answer. "Sheis a beauty. But one can't recognizeany of the girls in these confoundedfilings they're wearing.""Aren't you masking?" Beatrice wasasked as she appeared."No," she answered. "I must beaway in a short while."Delia was in her second dance, when& young man entered the room. Hewas rather .effeminate, perhaps, but deidedly good-looking. Wandering abouthe at length came up to FredOsborne."By Jove! What a beautiful girl!"he ejaculated. -nCan yon tell me whcshe is?"T couldn't said Fred.In. some way the .stranger so maneuTered that Fred obtained only the lasttwo dances.By this time his anger had reachedthe boiling point; hut to all questionsregarding the young man, Delia answered by a light laugh.At 11 o'clock came the call to unmask; as Delia drew hers from herface, Fred looked at her in astonishment "Why! It's little Delia," he cried."Yes, little Delia," she returned. "Butdo look who is claiming your attention." Fred turned and confronted thestranger, who had so puzzled him.Then, as his eyes rested on the face fora moment a hearty laugh broke fromhis lips."Well, Miss Lang," he cried, "thatwas one great joke on me."Someone then spoke to Beatrice, andFred drew Delia out to the beautifulXardens. (There, in the lovely moonlight, heasked her to be his wife."But," the girl followed his question"by another, "do you forget a certainconversation you held a short whileagot'Fred thought for a moment, then'aaid: "You can't mean the day Stewart and I were talking?'That is just what I mean," saidJelia. ,"My dear," cried he, 4wiU you forgive that thoughtless remark? For Itell you truly, I did not Intend Stewartto have the impression you haveformed."Darling," he continued, "won't youay jee,f and let me win forgivenessfor the speech?"He drew her gently to him, and asfee looked into her eyes found his answer, even before her lips formed"yes."If friends of Delia Osborne speaktrulyaccording to Fred's idea therenever was a more beautiful girl, thanJils beloved wife.WHEAT SHOWEDSPIRIT OF U. S.Sacrifice to Ensure Allied LoafGreatest Single FoodAchievement.SUFFICIENT SUPPLY NOW.All the Nations Will B Able to Return to Their Normal Supply of WhiteBread.Overshadowing all other accomplishments of the American people underthe leadership of Food AdministrationIs the history of wheat exports In thepast sixteen months. Our wheat export program proved conclusively tothe world that America was In thiswar from start to finish and willing tomake any sacrifice that will hastenvictory or maintain the health andstrength of people overseas, uponwhom rested the heaviest weight ofour war.Now that pressure on ocean tonnageIs eased by the stopping of large movements of troops to Europe, we may relax our efforts to save wheat The accumulated surplus In Australia, Argentine and other hitherto Inaccessiblemarkets will become available, andprobably no more than our normal surplus, will have to leave this country.We In America and the nations whichhave won the world for freedom willbe enabled to eat their normal wheatloaf at the common table of the peoples of democracy.We entered the past crop year witha wheat supply which gave us only.wu.uw Dusneis avauaoie lor ex-fport When the crop year ended, wehad sent 141,000,000 bushels of wheatto Europe. The American people hadsaved out of their normal consumption121,000,000 bushels.A 'survey of export figures showsthat the conservation of flour broughtabout by the wheatless meals, wheatless days, substitution In our kitchens!and bakeries, enabled us to send toour armies and the allies 33,000,000barrels of white flour wheat figuredas flour.' Had we exported only ourvisible surplus, we would have beenable to ship less than 4,500,000 barrels.Before the 1st of December our surplus had gone overseas, and an additional 36,000,000 bushels had been taken from the stock reserved for homeconsumption and added to the surplusalready shipped to the allies. It seemed hardly possible that w could bringour total exports above 100,000,000bushels by July 1. But In January thelate Lord Rhondda, then British FoodController, cabled that unless wecould send an additional 75,000,000bushels he could not take responsibility for assuring his people that theywould be fed. The American peopleresponded by sending 85,000,000 bushels of wheat saved from their homeconsumption, between the first of they.ear and the advent of the new crop.By October 10, 1918, we had alreadyshipped 65,960,303 bushels since July1. Absolutely the only limitation uponour wheat exports since the latest harvest has been the scarcity of oceantonnage. If exports continue Jat thepresent rate, by July 1 of next yearwe will have sent more than 237,500,000 bushels to Europe.Thus are we making good America'spledge that the bread rations .of AlliedEurope shall he maintained.A Memorable Achievementof the Titanic StruggleAmerica saved and sent to Europein a year of crop failure 141,000,000bushels of wheat, which saved Europe.A GERMAN HOPE DISPROVEDANDA GERMAN FEAR CONFIRMEDA statement made by a prominent German official soon afterthis country was declared in astate of war with Germanyshows that even in the enemycountry clear thinking studentsdid not undervalue the strengthof the American republic. OnlyIn his confidence that we couldnot land In Europe sufficienttroops to affect the final decisionwas this German mistaken."I do not fear the Americansoldiers," he told a high ofilclalof our government, "becausethey cannot arrive in time. WhatI fear is the Intelligence and devotion of one hundred millionoriginal minds and people tra.&ed to a faith In individual Initiative. The day that these people, now so materialistic in outward appearance, are stirredspiritually, that day is the dayof Germany's doom.".h'h.g-'fr $ ghi44i;$rfiinmMUHHiwwmmmwttttw!Save food IWho sharesI in the struggleI Will shareI in the triumphmmiwmmummtnmmmimmmmuBiLETS FINISH OURJOB III BE PLEAOF UJ. IN APRILOFFICIALS BHUVE COUNTRYWMJL -RISE TO ITS DUTIESOf vFIFTH LIBERTYLOAN DRIVE.The woidd a large admits that theUnited States "started something"when we -went into wax. The treasurydepartment officials at Washington believe that the United States will heready and willing to "finish if -when.I the last three weeks in Anril rollaround,The last three weeks in April arethe weeks testathnely set for the FifthLiberty Loan campaign. And one ofthe appeals to be made to the -publicin the sale of the -bonds will "be theappeal to finish the job. A committeeheaded by Guy Emerson, director ofthe Liberty Loan Committee of theNew York district, was appointed ata recent meeting of treasury department representatives from the twelvefederal reserve districts and delegatedto go over the ideas and views expressed at the conference with anidea of sifting' out of them a basis fora sales campaign in Spring.Two features stood out pre-eminentlyas obvious and convincing arguments for the purchase of bonds of theFifth loan. One was the need for finishing the job we have on our hands.The heavy expenses incident ' to demobilization, return of the boys andwhatever reconstruction or worldpolicing duties may fall to us fromthe peace table must he met. Theproceeds from the Fourth Loan areunavailable for these purposes as theywere spent almost as soon as theywere raised.The other feature upon which particular stress is to he laid, hi theopinion of the men outlining the plans,is the investment feature. In previous loan campaigns' the prospectivebuyer has been told repeatedly thatbonds were a good investment, the bestinvestment, in fact, but in the FifthLoan this phase of 4he issue is to bemore clearfy emphasized. As an Investment tS bonds will he particularly attractive from the standpoint ofsafety because the transition from awar to a peace basis in the nation cannot hare any other effect on themthan to increase their "value.Greatest NationOf Wasters IsReformed By WarTHE silver lining of the war -cloudwas apparent to one man down inNew York City long before the signing of the armistice made it visible toall men. And this man saw ft from alittle different angle.He. was S. W.Straus, New Yorkfina-ncSer andpresident of theAmerican Societyfor Thrift."The war hastaught us as apeople more aboutthrift than any other one thing whichcould beCail or hasbefallen' & Straussaid in a, recent 'interview. "We haxepractically doubled,since the warS-WSTfeAUSstarted, the Bomber of famfTid hi. the United Stateswho ham somatilluy pact by for ajaday day."Wo Jtad. bee,jnaat wasteful nattan up, lav the brgfiailnau'CaT the war.Before mat the min of personawho wese drift tug wtiXboot apparent tftongh or scovasftoa fur thefuture ssv alanatag. Mow tbete rrostbe upsmris . twenty millions of owrpeople who own. liberty Bonds. Ttusyhare either bad to mew to buy ihmmor have to ". stcwe now becauseof contracting to buy them."Straus defines thrift as submissionto dtecfpttrlft, seffimpoeedL He doesnot limit its practice to matters ofmoney bvt arges thrift in time and inhealth."In the present period of reconUuctlun he west on, "and in thefuture every man, no nuftw howmenial may be feds empkijsaeat, mastpractice Chrift, and every Tafjnjhrmust see, fast, that eocditSoaw aresuch that Us employees can fcscileethrift and, seeose Oat ther practice it"Grring up all pleasures and recreations for the sake, of avatar aasswy isnot thrift, accurdlasj to ta Strauelew. H, jscTw laa wfcfca w really enjoybrim as tefisfte retns mhealth and taaXertnmt. Tt mpenditnre of all we have torperhaps ffcr iIpjw whit fa satstch to si fast wfateh ta ummMuiwl theCaiac by osr salghhorstmat mmBswaste and ertraragaace. Ufanewer became a nation efas the expression' goes.' Straus does not -betiere sat tfcatsaehings of thrift should be tusjsji ilby the goTerninent as see si theliberty Loan campaign Is over, sextApril. He advocates keeping'' at thelessons the war has taught us, andafter making a plea for the teachingof thrift in all schools, he conchmdea:Thrift is the' rery foondaiio fall individual cflclsscy and individualefficiency is the foundation C allsuccess."mIMMUNITY AGAINST DISEASE.By the use of vaccine we can produce immunity against many diseases. The most familiar of the vaccinesis the one which is used to protectus against smallpox. This diseasewas, once the most terrible of all themaladies which affected mankind.More that a century ago an English physician, Edward Jenner, introduced vaccination - against smallpox. It has .practically wiped outthe disease, for it now exists onlywhere vaccination has been neglected. One of the most recent and dra-(matic demonstrations of the valueof vaccination was at Havana, Cuba.During the eight years before theAmerican army occupied the citythere were 3,132 deaths from smallpox. Then the army surgeons enforced vaccination among the inhabitants, and during the next eightyears there were but seven deathfrom the disease.The protective effect of vaccination, however, wears off after a time,and every child should be vaccinatedwhen one year old and again at theage of seven.Another wonderful and successfulvaccine discovered in recent years isthat used to protect people againsttyphoid fever. The use of the vaccine has practically eliminated typhoid fever from the United Statesarmy, and it has proved of immeasurable ' value in protecting thetroops of European armies duringthe great war.For use in the growing campaignagainst diphtheria there is an exceedingly effective serum, diphtheria antitoxin. This will not onlyserve to protect people who havebeen exposed to the danger of catching diphtheria; but it also is a practically certain cure for this diseaseafter it has already set in, providingit is used promptly.oErect n ess.Sit, stand and walk erect. This keepsour circulation In order and also expands our lungs to the fullest. Bestraight like the Indian who believedin being erect, and in reaching hishighest stature that he might the better listen to the voice of the GreatSpirit. Camp Fire Magazine Wokepo.The Fault Is Yours.Never complain that your confidenceias been betrayed. The fault is yoursfor pouring unsafe talk into a leakymind. You do not blame a leaky pailfor leaking. Blame yourself for notknowing it leaked. IAf e.The woman who wears a decolletegown evidently has no fear of thebackbiter.EBW. BTTEKE. PresidentEdw. BurkeSam ClayJas. M. CaldwellBobt E. BeattyLuther StiversG. B. WilsonTHE BOURBONTobacco Warehouse Co.Total Sales to Christmas, 164,415 lbs.Sale December 30th, 306,000 lbs. .Sale December 31st, 267,000 lbs. .We Advisedi -A-.The BourbonKENTUCKY IIIITE&ACY COMMISSION IS VHTDICATEDThe Kentucky Illiteracy Commission, of which Mrs. Cora WilsonStewart is chairman, has been completely vindicated of charge of extravagance, circulated sometime ago.In his report, just published, Hon.Nat B. Sewell, State Inspector andExaminer, not only gives Mrs. Stewart, the chairman, and the othermembers of the commission a "cleanbill of health," but commends themfor their economy in expenditures,unselfish devotion and loyalty ofpurpose which have already bornesuch good results and which promise to completely eradicate illiteracyin Kentucky by 1920.WOMEN OF SEDENTERY HABITSWomen who get little exercise arelikely to be troubled with, constipation and indigestion and will findChajmberlain's Tablets highly beneficial. Not so good as a three or fourmile walk every day, but very muchbetter than to allow the bowels toremain in a constipated condition.They are easy and pleasant to takeand most agreeable in effect. Obtainable everywhere.(jan-adv)Every Reformer has two brands ofadvice. One for the rest of theworld and one for himself.LIt's Easy If You Know Dr.Edwards' Olive TabletsThe secret of keeping young is to feelyoung to do this you must watch yourliver and bowels there's no need ofhaving a sallow complexion dark ringsunder your eyes pimples a biliouslook in your face dull eyes with nosparkle. Your doctor will tell you ninetyper cent of all sickness comes from inactive bowels and liver.Dr. Edwards, a well-known physicianin Ohio, perfected a vegetable compound mixed with olive oil to act onthe liver and bowels, which he gave tohis patients for years.Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets, the substitute for calomel, are gentle in their actionyet always effective. They bring aboutthat exuberance of spirit, that naturalbuoyancy which should be enjoyed byeveryone, by toning up the liver and clearing the system of impurities.You will know Dr. Edwards Olive Tablets by their olive color. 10c and 25c petbox. All druggists.CAHAL BROS.BAEBEE SHOPPrompt and Courteous Attention toPatrons.HOT AND COLD BATHSH. S. CAYW00D. Vice-President.DIRECTORSJ. L. BentonW. M. BodeersA. B. HancockEPnijKINGYOUNGJno. T. CollinsS. E. Burns(Incorporated)You to Wait.NEXT SALETO -DAYAnd Every This WeekExcept Saturday.Tobacco Warehouse Co.(Incorporated)PARIS, KENTUCKYMargolen's- ".. itSPECIALFor This WeekLAMBROASTMARGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketAetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityAnd OtherCasualtiesA.j. FEBAGfeNTJOHN T. COIXmS. Manager.-A. L. StephensonH. S. CaywoodArerage $30.97Average $37.75Average $34.66Did it Pay?fmTUESDAY. JANUARY 7, 1919.THE BOUEBON HEWS, PABIS, XEHTUCKY1AGE SEVJIfiimHm ?!HS!SK9!BfAUiMNMjmtnmiiMiuuniiMtifttf,OTOocto10V$tf-$actaaui,8iOTWwtA Remedy to Orercome Catarrh and CatarrhalConditions was Dr. Hartman's Legacy to theWorld of Suffering .The Doctor early recognized the insidnons natareof catarrh and consecrated his life to checking the ravages of the worst of all health destroyers.PERUNAThe Greatest sof All Catarrh RemediesCatarrh first attacks the mucous linings in the nose,throat lungs, stomach, bowels or any other part ofthe body. Unchecked it finally breaks down the tissues and chronic ailments develop which, rf not fatal,are always difficult to cure.auard your health with Peruna, Don't wait until. . '..t. AYniiint for couehs. colds, effects of tbe grip anatoo late. -" A. . nAncHftn nf tbe mucous linings.catarrhal fflnan.n.au " T "hA NEWER OUTLOOK.allstartling recoveries have been recorded.Manytook rrt -was troubled for four or five1 i 4 doses of Perunawould always bring relief. In thecnrimr of 1914. I began taking PeSprms oi a" d tweiveSttles and have not had an attackm t wo years. I feel better and canFOR CHTIONICCHITIS.HAD CATARRH IN WORST FORM"I had catarrh and was all run.down. Many claimed it was consumption and 1 reany. thoughtmvself. I had a pain tn my lungsand left side, no appetite, could notsleep, always weak and tired, myVTCIKUI. " . r , n -M Tk.M.moI tooK niteen buiuw i -w-tZl" J t, o In tn Vftars. I anu ui ei . -- - -o ..pTrunaaTso cured me of' chronic 135 pounds n. koWS.Tjrnnchltls ana 1 recummeiiu. -gp,endid remedy. McBRIDE.BRON-In theSQK4 Tvler St.Minneapolis, Minn,Like everything else, our faith mustgrow and comprehend more. The greatwaste of life duriug the war shouldteach us more unforgetfully what aprecious thing life is. NMen who havelooked into the face of death on thebattlefield or who have lived ' afterhours of almost hopeless waiting inhospitals will treasure their life in anew way. Sympathy will be as a living thing, not a mere local or selfishinterest in people, but a world-wide expression of tenderness and generouscare for those who are in need to theuttermost parts of the earth. Howfar off now sounds that guilty questionof Cain ! We have learned a lesson inco-operation. We are beginning toknow what it means to work togetherfor a common good, says IndianapolisStar. Here is a lesson for the churches, if tney tail to see tnat it is Dy aunified endeavor that they can be really true to their trust, they will havemissed the great lesson of the war.Another great lesson which we arebeing taught is the evil of idleness. Ina world where much work is to bedone there is much for everybody.Idleness will be looked upon as crim-I lnal, idleness of money, idleness oftime, idleness oi effortSUGAR TESTEDMORAL FIBERDoubters Declared Saving Staples Would Be Easy ComparedWith Sacrificing Luxuries.FIGURES SHOW RESULTS.Americans Demonstrated Sturdy Support of War by Conserving forths Benefit of the vAllies.Professional Cards.WM, GRAIMNA1NAttorney-at-LawBOOMS 401-402HEST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGDR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and ThroatBOOMS 403-404ITRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGr PHONE 136A HappyNew YearnN. E.cnta. Fe. Ohio.WRITE FOR THIS BOOK.If sick and in doubt, write Therv.nn Homoany. Dept. S 81, Co-,..mH Ohio, for Dr. Hartman'sHealth Book. It is free. Sent ina plain wrapper to any address.DO IT TOOAYTf vmi want health, insist upoahaving Dr. Hartman's World Famous Peruna TonicIN LIQUID OR TABLET FORM.Sold Everywhere.Ask your Dealer for a PerunaAlmanacOilTED STATES SELLS20Q MOTOR TRUCKSFifteen Hospitals Will Be Sent toStricken Armenia.The United States Government,Thich is aiding in every way the workof the American Committee for ReliefIn the Near East (formerly the Armenian and Syrian Relief Committee),has just given out the information thatIt will turn over to the committee fors nominal sum fifteen American Armyhospitals in France and two hundred revoltingwithin a short time. "Wheat was plentiful in a district not far away, but therewere no facilities for transporting it tothe starving sufferers.Eor this reason the committee haspurchased the 200 trucks from theAmerican Government, and plans tobuy more from the British Army,which, though impeded by the necessities of military operations, has greatlyaided the distress in tbe Near East.As a consequence of malnutrition,sickness is rife in many communitiesthroughout the Near East. Diseaseswhich the people could resist If theywere adequately nourished have takenroot throughout all this territory onaccount of the wasted bodies of thewhole population. Representatives ofthe committee report that aside fromstarvation the sanitary conditions areand that children go un-The public health service reportsthat the number of consumptives whoseek a cure in a change of, climate issteadily increasing, but that the afflicted are showing better judgmentthan used to be the case. Time waswhen a man stricken with the whiteplague would waittill the last minute, and then go to, Colorado or NewMexico, with hardly enough money topay a week's board after arrival, looking to the climate to work a miracle.Things are better now, but even yet 15per cent of all deaths from tuberculosis in some health resorts take placewithin 80 days after the patient arrives. Modern medical science hasproved that, while climate Is of greatvalue in treating tuberculosis, it Is byno means the sole factor, says Chicago Journal. Other things being equal,a moderately high altitude and dry,sunshiny weather will give the bestpossible results. If a patient has tochoose between a home and a boardinghouse In Colorado, however, thechances are strong that he had muchbetter stay at home.'BSp&xJflrZPv FMnmmrT -9HHilHrtif 'MnPkikjkfeJI2IP kMBMPSESCould any scene be more repulsive to well fed Americans. These weary travelers,, driven miles from their homes, are happy to get a share of a deadanimal's flesh.raotor trucks, no longer needed sincethe signing of the armistice.Each of these hospitals contains 100beds and complete equipment exceptfor kitchen utensils. The buildings Inwhich these hospitals will be housedIn the Near East have been erected.With the hospital equipment the committee will purchase large quantities ofmedical supplies which have beenstored in France to safeguard thehealth of American soldiers. Thesesapplles will be rushed to the NearEtt from a French portCareful surveys of the situation inthe Near East indicate that lack oftransnortation facilities Is the chiefcause of famine. There is food enoughto keep the Inhabitants from starving,but It cannot be distributed to supply828,000 square miles of country. Thereare only 80 miles of railroad. Consequently there is plenty of food in somesections of the country where food isgrown, but great distress in thosewhich are not self-supporting. In thecities especially there is great need.On one occasion wheat became soscarce in a community in Persia thatWilliam was not a hero to his ownarmy, for he .shunned the perils of thebattlcliclri. lie has not been distinguished as a legislator nor as an educator. He has had no conception ofhuman liberty. His mental qualitiesare commonplace. Posterity will regard him as more responsible than anyother human being for the sacrifice ofmillions of lives In the great war, asa ruler who might have been beneficent and wise, but attempted to destroy the liberties of mankind and toraise on their ruins an odious despotism. To forgive him and to forget histerrible transgressions would be tocondone them.bathed for indefinite periods on account of the scarcity of soap and thatthe population is ridden with sores.Every day more moving appealscome from distressed Armenia, Syria,Persia and the Russian Caucasus.Tens of thousands of people are asgaunt and hungry as those gatheredaround the dead horse In the accompanying picture. Many have beenwithout food for days. An AssociatedPress dispatch from Salonika of recent date (December 16) reports thatof the 2,000,000 Armenians deportedby the Turks only 400,000 survivedand that not more than one-fourth ofthe present Armenian population cansurvive until the next harvest withoutoutside help.Distressing as seem these reports.It is encouraging to know that evencauses of advanced emaciation, suchas are shown in this illustration, readily respond to treatment. With foodand medical care millions can be madestrong and healthy. Thirty milliondollars, the sum to be sought in theJanuary 12 to 19 drive, will help save4.000.000 lives. Considered only as anThe Boston National league clubseems to have had legitimate expensesduring the season just closed amounting to $185,000. Along with severalother big league clubs, the Braves arein financial straits. It would have paidbaseball magnates to listen to thevoice of their country early In 1917,says Houston Post. Had the essentialindustry ruling been In full force then,It is probable no ball would have beenplayed these two years., As it Is, fullyfive years of peace will be required forthe game to recover from the slump ofthe war.When figures began to show definitely that the people of the UnitedStates were actually reducing theirconsumption of foods needed abroad,the United States Food Administration was told that it was comparatively easy to bring about conservation of staple necessities, but that Itwould be far more difficult to accomplish an actual decrease in the use ofluxuries. The doubters took sugar asan example, and declared that It wouldbe practically impossible to bring ourconsumption of sugar down to a pointthat would meet only the food needsof the people.Now that demands upon ocean tonnage will be lightened, European nations will be able to go farther afieldfor foodstuffs, and will no longer beentirely dependent for sugar uponNorth American supplies. With thestocks "now in prospect, we will havesuflicient sugar to place this countryback upon normal consumption if thepresent short rations in Europe arenot materially increased. If the H.u-iropean ration is to be materially increased over the present low amountit can be only through the Americanpeople's making It possible by continued restriction to a greater or lessextent here.The fact that the Food Administration has been able to relax the voluntary sugar ration Is In Itself proof thatthe ration of two pounds per personper month was generally observedthroughout the country. This conservation allowed the Food Administration to build up a- reserve, and to tideover the period of scarcity, until thethe new crops of Louisiana cane andbeet sugar were ready for distribution.The records of the Food Administration show that In July, August, September and October 993,000 tons we'redistributed. Normal consumption forthat period Is 1,600,000 tons. Thisshows a definite, concrete saving oiover 500,000 tons. These figures apply to sugar consumed on the table, Inthe kitchen and In the various indusris. and show conclusively that inhe homes and public eating places ofAmerica, where 70 per cent, of all oursugar is consumed, the sugar consumption has beeu reduced by more thanone-third.In the four-month period beginning with July, this country normallyuses 400,000 tons of sugar per month.Last July 260,000 tons entered Intodistribution. In August only 225,000tons were distributed. In Septemberthe figures showed 279,000 tons, andthen fell to 230,000 tons In October.There could be no more definiteproof that the American people havegiven their loyal co-operation- and support of the war.BRIGHTEICrfeVPMIW1 dgb:a - 1KBWHi (i2To our friends and cusotmers weextend our best wishes for a Happyand Prosperous New Year; andthank you for making the past yearthe best in our history.And last, but not least, we extendour sincere thanks and good wishes -toour boys who helped make "Aworld safe- for democracy." -Dr. Wnu Riley FranklinSuite 205-6 First National Bank,Both Phones, Paris, Ky.rNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or maizes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.ElectricityTor CigMittdIt's the only satisfactory way.7se Sasfor pealing and CookingIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix You Up.For the Use o! BothN Electricity and Gas.iisii'toiMi i ..'ij4L.gai;njnBIG JANUARYClearanceSaleNOW ON !Ladies' Suits, Coats andDresses, values up to $25.00and $27.50, go forIParis Gas & Electric Co.(IncorDomtod)M$150Come in and let us fit you.Twin Bros.Department StoreMain and 7th Paris, Ky.fjh,i4Am-i-fg;:AN AMERICAN HABITTHAT WAS EXPANDED.GreetingsWe desire to thank our patrons and the public ingeneral very kindly for the very liberal patronage accorded us during the year just closing, and to say thatthe Government has lifted the ban on installing telephones and is anxious for us to serve all who desire ourconnection.- For terms or other information, drop m our office,write us a card or call the manager by telephone.Paris Home Telephone & Telgraph Co.(Incorporated.)J. J. VEATCH.District ManagerW. H. CANNON.local Managerthe price Increased 1,200 per cent. Investment, It should be worth while.2t0 EXPERT CHAUFFEUR FORTHIS MACHINE.Nobody knows very much about thehuman. bodyAny doctor, old enough to havehad the bloom taken off his collegeomnipotence, will tell you that.In surgery -we have progressedmiles ; in industry we have gone Jfurlongs, but in materia fmedica anddaignosis and "elon" we have goneby inches, and many times haveblundered ahead for ten years to-wake up and go back to where wetarted from.We know a man who is 74 yearsold.He -works on a farm from dawntill dark.He can swing a ten-pound sledge;can cut cord wood with the averagewoodsman; follow a 14-inch plow allday; generally do the -work of anaTerage husky farmer.He never has a cold and he canork all day witttwet feet and-never'een sneeze. v , .Impregnable positions have gone tothe scrap heap, invincible armies areon the junk pile, the divine right ofkings has dissolved in air like apricked soap bubble, and the solemnproclamations of kaisers are butscraps of paper. These are some ofthe results which Germany has extracted from the four years of warshe forced upon the world. .Coming to the relief of the distressed is not a new sensation to us.Having sent shiploads of food to thefamine sufferers of India as offhandedly as the housewife hands out a cutof the loaf to the wayfarer, It seemedthe most natural thing in the world tosuccor Belgium, to take on the feedingof a nation quite informally.The test of peace Is to summon forthe healing of nations devotion equalto that given the task's of war.A MAN AND HIS WIFEWisdom will refrain from undertaking to realize with unreasonable swiftness the prosperity which comes withpeace. There is still labor to be performed and expenses to be met.yfbthat -we may shareSave food! ! !"i'Mfr',i,,i,,!,For years he lias each night hefore going to bed performed mysticrites that he calls "pounding."He whales himself from toe tochest with a lengthy rubber hosestuffed with sand. He pounds theveins and rubs the arteries andwhacks the tendons and muscles andthat is all the medical attention hisbody has required in many years.He says this pounding chases thesluggish blood through the body.That this racing blood brings lifegiving oxygen to every inner atom.That it keeps the arteries pliableand workable.And 'that generally all the worldneeds to enable it to live and workuntil it is a hundred is a bit of rubher hose and .preserverence.Maybe so; anyhow it works onhim and five years ago he had achronic case of sciatica that tiedhim in knots whenever he over-exerted,or, suffered the least exposure.Nobody knows much about the hurman machine.Has a man between thirty-six andforty-five got a claim for a pension, onaccount of wasting so much time infilling out his questionnaire?Autocracy's hempen necktie shouldbe adjusted in accordance with international law and not by the irresponsible mob.All of which teaches us that no mancan fool all of the people all of thetime no, not even the' German people!Next to a gold brick, how would yonlike to have someone, try to unload onyou a cargo of German-made toys?The fellow who only shaves everyother day might welcome a general order to wear gauze masks.may both derive saiisf actionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance.Nof new, inconjunction with the knowledgethatyou are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings us.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 Home Phone 1692METHODS OF DEMOCRACY.Also remember that the war is over,but'the after effects are just setting 1The extent to which the UnitedStates Food Administrator hasrelied on the voluntary supportof the American people is shownby a statement made by theUnited States Food Administrator speaking before the SenateAgricultural Committer ' lessthan three months after thiscountry entered the war. Thathe was justified In his Implicitconfidence 'in the strength of democracy has been clearly reflected by the measure of support wehave lent the Allies."If democracy is worth anything," Mr. Hoover declared, "wecan do these things by co-operation,by stimulation, by self-sacrifice,by the patriotic mobilization of the brains of this country. If It cannot be done in thismanner It Is better that we accept German domination vandconfess to failure of our politicalideals, acquiesce in the superiority of the German conception4 and, send for the Germans to In-struct us in us use.- 1 .4 $$ J. fr v h "J!nrBourbon Laundry!DAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsiXTelephone No. 4V.HiKXIX1XIXX3imff&&&rimaHD' . ii r ssWest Fifh StreetSATISFACTION! rklTll IirATrHWADm-UUIV YTrliVllTT URViWith all the lateit improvement in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we areprepared to , do work inferior to none, and solicityour patronage.The Bourbon Laundr jrp?aris, Kentucky1: j- i;I--, 4Jr.sW?rj, -'4r.PAGEEIPKT.THE" BOURBON .NEWS. PARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, JANUARY 7, 1910.v.f-I AIV iIy.rkv?.'vyJ) MILLERSBURGv, Miss Clara Sanders, of Cincinliati, is the guest of her aunt, Mrs.1(57. Or. Daily.n Mr. J. T. A.dair returned to;Ashland Friday, after spending the'holidays at home.;t Mrs. T..Xi. Marshall entertainedThursday afternoon in honor of Mrs.dSrnest Henson, -of Bluefleld, W. Va-Mr. and .Mrs. ."W. A. Munsing, of'JMaysville,' were guests of Mrs. Mar'jha Vimont from Saturday until Monday. ' Mr. T. L. Jones is among the,)Bick. 'Mi. T. H. Thompson, who hasfreen confined to his home sinceChristmas, does -flot improve.Hinkston reached the flood stageThursday morning. The water wasover the Maysvile pike for a few'liours, but traffic was not interferedwith.LOST Somewhere in Millersburg,an automobile buffer bar. Finderjplease return to J. A. Butler and receive reward. (It)Many of our Tanners took fourinch ice Monday, which is good andfclear, being entire free from snow.Our young folks have enjoyed skating for the past several days.Mrs. Turner Perry, who hasbeen the guest of her mother andBister, Mrs. Adah MrClintock and&Iiss Ruth McClintock, for the holiIdays, returned to her home atjOwingsville Saturday.Regular meeting of Amity LodgeNo. 40, R. and A. N. at 7:30 a. m.today. All members urged to be present. The newly elected officers willJ)e installed, and the chaplain, stewiards and standing committees willfoe appointed. ': Mr. W. P. Bowles, of the U. S.3i3.vy, arrived home Friday, on a fourteen day furlough. His many friendsenjoy conversing with him as hetalks freely on many of his experiences. Mr. Bowles entered the navyin the spring of 1918, and has hadBorne experience on the other side ofthe, water.Mr. Edward Hurst left Fridayfc ' a New York training capip,wi'fc-e he will enlist in the U. S.Tegular army. Mrs. Hurst is underage, but goes with the consent ofIiis mother. He is one of our brightlioys and his many friends wish himwell in his new undertaking. He isthe only son of the late F. F. Hurst.-The "flu" has again broken outin and around Millersburg. Dr. J.33. Calhoun reports fourteen newcases. Among those now suffering rwith it are the Misses Tarr, MarthaGoldman Jones, Josephine Leer andBush Allen. There is also a case inthe M. C. However, thus far, it isin a. light form, and no danger is apprehended. The Board of Health hadordered the schools opened Monday,3ut the ban was put on again Saturday, and it may be -some time yetIbefore they open. Every effort willJe made to stamp it out as far as possible. -oEAU. IN GRATE EIRE EATAL TOBAB?had been badly burned about thehead, neck and arms.Dr. R. B. Waddy, wha was calledimmediately, dressed the burns andsaid that the" child suffered but littleafter accident, and apparently restedwell during tlie night. When hermother awoke early Friday morningshe found her bady dead.IN THE SERVICEOF THEIR COUNTRY(Continued from Page 1)Private Carlos Van Johnson has returned to 'Camp McClellan, Ala., after a five days' visit with his wife,Mrs. Johnson, and his parents, Mr.and Mrs. J. R. Johnson, on Cliftonavenue.F. H. Landis, who has receivedhis discharge from the navy, hasreturned to Latonia, Ky., after a visitof several days with his parents, Mr.and Mrs. E. E. Landis, on Walkeravenue.Frank L. Haskins, IT. S. arjmy, hasreturned to Camp Dix, N. Y., after avisit with his parents, Mr. and Mrs.John S. Haskins, and his sister, MissGrace Haskins, in the Robneel Flats,on Main, street.Harold Harris, son of Mrs. E. L.Harris, of Paris, has arrived safelyin New York after an- overseas trip.Mr. Harris has been doing duty onone of the big'TJ. S. battleships inEuropean waters.Mr. L. Crane, who has receivedan honorabled discharge from thearmy service, will not resupne the insurance business in Paris, but will goto Davenport, Iowa, where he willtake up the study of chiropractry.Mrs. Bettie Mclnvaine, of Paris, isin receipt of a letter from her grandson, Private Wm. M. Casey, who isin France with Base Hospital 54,A. P. O. 798. Private Casey waswounded in battle in Argonne Woodsand is still a patient in the hospital.C2E2K IMC PARIS GRAND AND ALAMOTO-DAY, TUESDAY, JAN1Wallace Reid"Less Than Kin"He changed his mind about livinganother man's life when the other man'swife and children appear.WM. DUNCANIn the 12th Episode of"A FIGHT FOR MILLIONS"w sm.8.Jesse L. Lasky PresentsCecil B. Demille's Production"Till I Come -Back to You"with Bryant Washburn.Big V Comedy"Daring and Dynamite"THURSDAY9Norma Talmadgein her latest Select picture"DeLuxe Annie"A crook play with achological twis.surprising psy-Vitagraph Comedy, "TheFamily "Flivver," andcial War News.Offi-Edward Van Leeuwe OrchestraADMISSION ., 22cGALLERY 15cChidren Under 12 Not Admitted.DEATHS.WADE.The funeral of C. F. Wade , agedthirty-three, who died at his homenear Wades Mill, after a short illness,of pneumonia, was held at the NorthMiddletown, Cemetery- Saturday,afternon at two o'clock, with services at the grave.Mr. Wade was a well-known farmerof the Wade Mills precinct. He wassurvived by his widow, one son, hisparents, Mr. and Mrs,. Sam Wade, andfive sisters.sale of War Savings Stamps for theyear ending January 1st had exceeded the quota $46,429, the amountallotted to Bourbon being $349,240,the total amount sold being the handsom sum of $495,659.50.Chairman Bedford is to be congratulated on the successful mannerin which the campaign was conducted "and the Bourbon county citizens may feel proud of the liberal response to the Government's request.This, like all other patriotic campaigns, good old Bourbon has been aremarkable success.oAN ESTIMATE OP BOURBON'SVWAR ACTIVITIES.Wills Jacoby, son of Mr. and Mrs.George Jacoby, is back from overseas. Private Jacoby was located atYarmouth, England, where he wasattached to the 30 6th 'Air Squadronof the American Air Service. He cameover on the "Canopsic" and landedat Boston. Private Jacoby was mustered out at Camp Zachary Taylor.Mary Ella Brown, one-year-olddaughter "Of Mr. and Mrs. RalphBrown, 450 North Broadway, Lexington, was found dead early Fridaymorning as the result of severeburns received when she fell into an'open fire at her home Thursdaynight. The child was alone in theroom, and was standing before thefire- when her mother entered, alowing th door to slam. The suddennoise frightened the baby, who, asshe jumped at the sound, fell back--waxdsinto the fire. Before th terrified mother could get her out sheMr. Ervin Mann, son of Mr. MartinMann, of Shawhan, who volunteredin the service and was sent to CampZackary Taylor, returned to ParisSundey from overseas. He is at present a guest of friends in East .Paris.Private Mann has been in sevenbattles in France, and was votodedthree times.Dr. Martha Petree, of Paris, received information yeterday of thedeath in France of her nepnew,Lieut. Harris E. Petree, of Oregon,Missouri, Lieut. Petree was a memberof the 139 th Aero Squadron, American Expeditionary Forces in France.He entered the service in May, 1917,and was sent to the MassachusettsInstitute of Technology at Cambridge. From there he was sent tothe Aviation School at Mintfeola,Long Island, where he received hiscommission as First Lieutenant inNovember. He was sent overseas'about December 4, 1917, and landedin England about December 24. Atelegram from the Red Cross headquarters at. Geneva, Switzerland, toldof young Petree's death, but gave nodetails. Lieut. Petree's mother wasa first cousin of the Wright Brothers,of Dayton, Ohio, celebrated in theaviation world.ASHURST. ,Mrs. M. E. Ashurst one of the bestknown citizens in the county, diedyesterday (morning at eight o'clock,at the home of her niece, Mrs. GeorgeClayton, near Lexington, after a short lniness. ine ooay win oe orougnt tothis city for interment in the ParisCemetery, where a short service willbe held about three o'clock thisafternoon. tMrs. Ashurst is survived by one sister, Mrs. J. W. Harris, of Corinth, ICy.her niece Mrs. Clayton, of near Lexington, and another niece, Miss LizzieBrown, of Paris.GILMORE.The body of Mrs. Thomas Gilmore,who died at her home in Millersburg.was taken to Mt. Sterling for burialSaturday, in St. Patrick's Cemetery.Mrs. Gilmore was formerly a residentof Mt. Sterling, and was a sisterJofMrs. Mike Gallagher and HenryMaher, of Mt. Sterling. She is survived by her husband and three sons,Thomas, John and Jaimes Gilmore.-allof whom are in the United Statesarmy, one being a member of the Barrow Base Hospital Unit No. 40, nowstationed in England.With the completion by January10, of the Red Cross roll call whichwill probably include 4,000 names at$1 each, Bourbon county will havecontributed nearly '$2,000,000 to waractivities. When the First Libertybonds were sold Bourboncounty patriotism waxed warm, andinterest never lagged until the armistice was signed. Bourbon countyco-ntributions follow:First Liberty Loan . . .Seceond Liberty Loan.Third Liberty Loan . .Fourth Liberty Loan .War Savings Stamps..Red Cross and UnitedWar Work, morethan 100,000.00381,700.00474,000.00599,750.00827,150.00492,613.35LEXINGTON OPEEA HOUSE HASEENE ATRACTTONSBIRTHS.Beginning with yesterday whenVirv f -.n nt mi wm e "T?vitTiA " cwi41i-lie aiiiaLiuii woo UApciicuvC, otuu WWWWWWWWWWto be "the most wonderful play inAmerica," the Lexington Opera In. Georgetown, to the wife ofHouse will have a fine line of dra-j Lieut. R. Herndon Waller, formerlymatic attractions.The offerings at this popular playhouse, besides "Experience," embracethe famous musical comedy, "ChinChin," on Wednesday, matinee andevening, and on Thursday ad FridayJefferson De Anglis, in "Rock-A-Byeof Paris, a daughter. Lieut. WHer,who was formerly connected with theBourbon County Y. M. C. A. in Paris,is how with the overseas forces inFrance.Many a hard-boiled ProhibitionistBaby," with the celebrated "Beauty ! wno has trled to quit using tobaccoChorus." while on Saturday, matinee and can't, lias no use for a man whoand eve-nine- the Klaw & Erlansrer tries to Hfc drinking and can't.production, "Pollyana," made famousin fiction in the "Pollyana" stories.Matinee performances will be givenfor each attraction, the curtain rising at 2:15, and at night at 8:15.FORMER7 PARISIAN PROMOTED.KENTUCKY TRACTION &TERMINAL CO.INTERURBAN SCHEDULETotal $2,879,213.35As large as the above amountseems to be, it is yet short of thetotal amount of the Bourbon tobaccocrop of-'l 9 17 -1&1. .Mr. Wallace Woods, son of Mr.John Woods, of Winchester, formerlyof Paris, has severed his connectionwith the Peoples' State ' Bank atWinchester, a position he has heldfor thirteen years. Mr. Woods hasaccepted a similar position with theClark County National Bank.Mr. Woods' mother was formerlyMiss Ella Stivers, of Paris, a sisterof Mr. Sherman Stivers, James Stivers and J. Hooker Stivers. He hasmade an excellent record for competency and faithfulness and hasmade many warm friends among patrons of the Winchester banking institution.Lve. ParisFor Lexington.6:45 a. m.7:15 a. m.8:15 a.m.9:45 a- m.ll:l,5i a. m.12:45' p. m,.2:15 p. m.3:45 p. m.5:15 p.m.6:50 p.m.8:15 p.fm.10:05 p. m.Lve. LexingtonFor Paris.6:00 a.m-' 7:2(Aa. m.8:50 a. m.10:20 a. m.11:50 a. pi.1:20 p.m.2:50 pm.4:2a p. m6:00 p.m.7:20 pm.- 9:10 p. m.11:00 p.mDaily except Sunday.Packages handled on all tramsreaching point of "destination before6 p. m.Baggage deliveries made on alltrains.ffcHERRICK.The funeral of Mrs. Martha KenneyHerrick, aged thirty-five, who died ather home in Lexington, after a protracted illness, was held at the homein that city Saturday morning, withservice conducted by Rev. BenjaminBush. The burial followed in, thefamily lot in the Lexington Cemetery.Mrs. Herrick was a daughter of Mr.and Mrs. Joseph Kenney formerly ofthis county. She is'survived by herparents, and three sisters, Misses Emma Kenney and Quintella Kenneyand Mrs. S. C. Mathall, all of Lexington. The pall-bearers were M. F. Kenney, Chas. E. Butler, James L. Dodge,C. C. Lfllard and W. B. Jones.iM0 1 1 II 1 1 H II I H ! 4"M HHI It 1 1M 1 1 1 1 1 It MThe J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSJ MatinemtfSlKthStreetAND EMBAIsMMRSParis Kv 8S&rysS-M. O.J. J.O Ol-J . or Home 286Motor equipment.a V ! - mm Anwuiincc cans promptly atxenaea io wiin ourt Limousine Invalid Coach.i$Hearse used for funeral purposes only.IJKMSlBaBVB9BanBHllaHaaaaaflHaHBR8H&MANSFIELDMr. John Fianklin Mansfield, agedsixty-five, a former resident of 'thiscity and county, where he was wellknown and universally liked, died athis hepne near Newtown, in Scottcounty, Saturday evening, after along illness of stomach trouble.Mr. Mansfield had long been prominent in Central Kentucky as a farmer and stock breeder, and had servedone term as Assessor of Bourboncounty. He is survived by his widow,Mrs. Lottie Mansfield ; three children,Julius Mansfield, of Scott county;Mrs. Albert Weigle, of Rosedale, Ky.,and Mrs. C. M. Mansfield, of Bourbon county; his father, F. M. Mansfield, of Missouri; two brothers, E.H. Mansfield, of Beaver, Oklahoma,and W. P. Mansfield, of Danville;four sisters, Mrs. J. D. Stone, of Alva,Oklahoma; Mrs. J. M.' Barlow,' ofPensacola, Florida; Mrs. T. T. Templin, of Paris, and Mrs Maiy- Welsh,of Standford.Funeral services were held at thefamily residence near Newtown, inScott co'unty, yesterday morning ateleven o'clock, conducted by Rev.C. W. Brower, of Lexington. Thebody was brought to Paris for interment on the family lot in the ParisCemetery.The pall-bearers were: ActiveLftwelyn F. Sinclair, Henry Craig,John Cox, Reuben Ford Offutt, JohnOwens and Hugh A. Moore; HonoraryDr. W. H. Kauffman, Joseph StuartP. Sable and Darius Williams.oBOURBON COUNTY BUYS $495,-659.50 OP WAR SAVINGSSTAilPSClearanceSacTHIS WEEK!BALANCESHOESOF OUR HOLIDAYAND SLIPPERSiiiiiiiiititiiiiiiMiiMiif ffituiirmitincluding newest novelties boughtthe holiday trade, greatly reducedfor QUICK CLEARANCE. Styles andprices that will appeal to economicalshoppers who would be well dressed.Visit our store and you willbe convinced this is thebest money-saving place inDEPENDABLEFOOTWEARH ' i tTl YV I11 Iu I' mJIM m 7 fiMaU) ItYinr A NlH Mnry All I- ijiy Itf x Vzsa?Bourbon county has gone oyer- thea t -rmviTr Miairman .S Til AJBedford reported yesterday that the VLadies Dark Gray boots, best cus- fcg- QCtorn makesv ; PQ'Ladies' Havana Brown English f(Boots, calf tops KJ.UVLadies' Mahogany Tan English djo aqBoots, cloth tops to match, at pa.-Ladies' Gun Metal, button d o A(and lace, low heel, at ipAttZTMisses' Gun Metal, button gi qqMen's Dark Tan English Walk- djfi cjOver and other famous makes tpp.OUMen's Tan English, Best Makes, Vf j-aMen's Gun Metal Walk-Over, eo inEnglish $0.45fMen's and Boys' E. J. Best Wear- tfo a qing Shoes, heavy flexible soles O.tt!Boys' Tan Army Shoes tfjo qDANParis' Greatest Shoe StoreCOHENWhere Beauty and Economy ReignMI- - s-"1 ' HVvi-ir