fTHEftNEWS-S?iii; V .-.1- nv-) 4PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY ANB FRTKY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXV HIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRI JAY, APRIL 11. 1919BOURBONTHE COUNCIL MEETS IN REGULAR SESSION NOTES OF .INTEREST., The Paris City Council met lastnight at the City HaU in regular session. The Mayor and a full boardwas present, including the City,Clerk. The minutes were read of the .previous meeting and the regular ,routine business was attended to andthe members settled down to work.The following proceedings of interest are noted:Following building permits weregranted: Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Company applied for permit toconstruct a one-story brick and steelbuilding, composition roof, on SouthMain street and Barns avenue, probable cost $30,000, to be used as warehouse. J. B. Northcott protestedagainst granting permit. On xqUcall same was granted by a unanimous voteTJnvirKfvn Tnhfl.r.Art WnT"hftiiA finm-'pany apply to move one-story cottage,to rear of J. B. Northcott's property.Same was granted.0. L. Davis, one-story metal roofbuilding, to oe usea as garage, on ,Pleasant street, wanted.W. G-. McClintock, to erect garageprobable cost $400. Granted.A communication from Prof. Leethe Council create slow zone around :City School, if was oraer Dy a unanimous vote that the zone be adopted.Warning signs were ordered put uparound school, and also on leadingstreets entering Paris.Fence ordered put up on Stoneravenue at foot of Vine street. ,Special meeting called for Tuesdaynight at 7 :30 at the oflftce 'of theMayor to fix licenses of coming year.Br. J. M. Williams appointed to fillplace of Br. Henry, on Massie Hospital Board.A Committee was appointed to confer with Mr. Ed. Gorey in regard topurchase of lot on Henderson street,in order to make outlet from Henderson street to link avenue.Chairman Merringer of the PoliceCommittee, read, a communication,from Mr. Boy Clendenin, whichaslf-'ed for Patrolman Judy's removalfrom office and in substance is asfollows:In the charge filed by Mr. Clendenin, he claimed .that on. one oc-.casion while he was backing his caroff Fourth street on to Main, OfficerGeo. W. Judy "in a very gruff andinsulting voice, hollowed at him,Pull up and fo around the otherway.' " That on a subsequent occasion his wife had left her car in frontof Harry James' place of businessunknown to him, and that Judy hadmet him on the street and said, "Mr.Clendenin, is that your car downthere?" Clendenin answered, "Yes."That Judy told him to remove it.rnof m mi a mi in said. "It is strangevou do not make other people movecars as wen as me. nucicujiwu uvalleges Judy said: "Whoever says Iam not treating everybody 'alike is adamned liar." And further said: "Iwill give you just ten minutes tomove the car." .On another occasionhe was again backing his car to turnaround, when Judy asked him: Mr.Clendenin, don't you know you areviolating the law?" Clendenin didnot reply, and Judy repeated thequestion. Clendenin said, "I guesslam and will be in the Police Court inthe morning." Judy then said, according to Clendenin: "God damnyou, you had better siot do it anymore." Clendenin asked that thesecharges be preferred -against said officer, and that he be removed fromthe police force on account of misconduct of an officer,mr.. tuvk tt affo readme abovepaid patrolman ' Judy a very highcompliment upon iua wwwu -Tto the matter, and asked the Councilto uphold Mr. Judy in the matterand a motion was put and earnedunanimously sustaining the officer inhis actions.The mill dam question was againbrought up, but no action was takenin the matter. Attorney R. C. Talbott, representing the Pans Gas &Electric light Co.,' made a -statementto the Council urging them tomake a settlement of some kind withhis clients for services Tendered sincethe expiration of theif contract withthe city, stating that complicationsmay arise during the suit with thecity, and that his company 9hq hadthe rieht under the law to tdrn offthe current from-the city. Tip.w',. . -rrft ,tn the Lieht Committee. The Mayor stated "that hejhad a letter from Mr, weiss, airnyrfor the city, in-regard to the matter,but that he did not caTe to makexitpublic at this time. - t .A resolution' was read petitioningthe State Aid Commission to allowthe city its proportion of the Road?imd, -amounting to $7,750, thextftyto apply $15,500 io said fund for thepurpose of buildinfc streets on certainsections of Main,. Eighth aM 'Winchester streets. Resolution wasadopted. v , -An office creating a- "light Inspector" was made br-a vote, of 5to 2. -t , 1 'The Plie Judg' and' City 'ClerkJEWISH BELIEF FUND CAMPAIGNPROGRESSING.Owing to the bad weather andother conditions the committees having in charge the campaign for raising Bourbon county's quota-of ?4,700in the Jewish relief fund, did not getmuck chance to get in active workyesterday. But up to1 last nightthey had a very good showing, thetotal receipts from all sources acknowledged leaving about $800 yetto be raised. With two more daysthe campaign is expected to bring inthis amount, putting the county overthe top in the matter of its quota.As the committees may not get tosee everyone they ask that anyonewho has been overlooked may leavetheir donation with either Mr. S. B.Bedford at the Deposit-Peoples'Bank, William Shire, at Shire &Fithian's store, or Isaac L. Price,chairman of the organization, at theI. L. Price & Co. store. Every centwill be acknowledged in the properway and full credit given for 'everycontribution. 1Non-Jewish citizens are makingtheir "Influence felt in the campaign,and are helping in every way to makethe work a success. Mr. A. B. Hancock is chairman 'of the committeeand is being ably assisted by HenryS. Caywood, D. E. Clark, N. P. Brent,Sam Clay, John T. Collins, 'JohnBrennan, Jos. W. Davis and CatesbyWoodford.On this, the last day before theending of the campaign, the Committee makes the following appeal tothe generosity of the -people, askingthe press to give it publicity in thehope that it will stir the people upto a proper realization of the suffering that is overtaking the Jewishpeople in Europe:"One more day remains for the active campaign in Kentucky to raise$208,000, for the relief of millions ofstarving Jewish men, women andchildren. There is every indicationthat Kentucky will live up to herreputation for liberality and contributions to worthy causes and willraise the quota.' This sum is to bea part of $35,000,000 fund to beraised in the United States and is theonly campaign for this fund that willbe put on this year."Seventeen" cents a day, $5 amonth, $60 a year, will saye a human, life among the millions now ontte :erge of starvation in the warTpfh sections of Eastern Europe."Every cent of money subscribedin 'this country goes direct to the people, the expenses being paid by Jewish philanthropists in addition toheavy subscriptions. The money iscabled through the State Department at Washington and a carefulaccounting is made. The books areaudited at regular intervals and reports are given to all. who wish tohave them. These show exactly howthe money is being spent."... .. oBURPEE'S FAMOUS GARDENSEEDS AT CATALOGUEPRICES. -Let us put up your garden seedorder. We have fresh stock of Burpee's Seeds that grow and .we furnish them at catalogue prices.(8-4t) AKDERY DRUG STORE.oDON'T WAIT BUY NOW -TOBACCO-STICKS.Buy tobacco sticks now and youwill get better quality and just aslow, or lower, prices than you willget later. At this season of the yearwe buy only from mills making extragood quality sticks; later when therush comes we have to take what welcan tret. Anticipate your needs,haul -them now and get them sharpened on rainy days and at othertimes when your men have a fewhours between jobs. Our stock isexcellent quality and practically 100per cent. good.It don't pay to .put off doing anything. The nu?n who succeeds is thelive wire always ahead with hiswork. Anticipate your needs nowand make your contracts. Materialshave already advanced some and theindications are that they will gohigher.We deliver anywhere at reasonable prices.BOURBON LUMBER CO.,M. Peale Collier, Manager.Yards Corner Main and FourteenthStreets, Paris, Ky.Both Phones 122. (if)z oCLEANUP DAYS APRILAND 10TH.9THs The city carts will haul awaytrash free beginning April 11. Beready carts only make one clean npcanvass of each street; don't missthem,o-PISH DYING PROM AN UNKNOWNCAUSE. ., .Farmers residing below Paris onStoner creek-. report finding largenumbers of dead fish, many, of considerable size, lying on the banks ofcreeks in their vicinity. No causeis1 known for: thp destruction of thefish. The Game Wardens are makingan investigation with a view to determining, "if- possible, -the sourcefrom wliich the fish die. Many, ofthe fisli'were fine specimens of bassand newlights.filed it$Md reports of their officeYonng meU'were granted a permit'to f$iL ttce - oa- April 16; 'at Masonic JffalL--- s - : ' -v " v : 'NOTES FROM THE OH FIELDS.Mr. John M. Stuart, manager ofthe Bluegrass Oil Exchange, willopen an exchange in Carlisle nextweek.Anbther well, estimated for 5 barrels, is that of the New Bourbon Oiland Development Company. ThisMsthe company's initial well, which" islocated onjihe Comet Block No. 5, inthe Ross Creek section.The Lee-Kent Oil Company soonwill open offices in the building be-,longing to Bruce Holladay, oppositethe Hotel Fordham, in Paris. It isreported that this company has "somevery good holdings in proven territory, on which they will begin operations in the near future.The Co-operating Land and Development Co., of this city, has recencyclosed a deal with J. G. Swope, ofWinchester for a 1-64 royalty on theClem Williams tract d of fifty-eightacres in the Big Sinking section. . ItWas reported that the company paid$ 3 0,000. Mr. Swope acquired thislease recently from George Owens,.Another Richmond in the oil company field, is The Paris Oil Companycomposed of city and county businessmen, with others from other counties, whox opened for business in thePrice storeroom, adjoining the Paris.Gas & Electric Company, Wednesdaynight. The company has exchangesm Mt. Sterling, Winchester andParis, where open call sessions willbe held two nights in each week.Thus the game goes merrily on, andthe more the merrier.J. D. Hendrick, secretary of theKen-Fla Oil & Gas Company, withoffices at 151 West Short street,Lexington, has just returned fromAkron, O., where he went to purchase a drilling machine. This machine will be delivered in two weeks,and the company expects to start anactive drilling campaign on its Morris lease of 200 acres in Knox county.This lease already has three producing wells of a total of 50 barrels aday and location for 30 more wells.Besides this lease, the company ownsanother tract of 1,400 acres In thesame locality. The company was recently chartered in Kentucky with &capitalization of $100,000. The officers of the company are George W.Wilder, Paris, piesident; Frank M.Bryson, Lcvinston, vice-presidentand general manager; tfaward H.Gorey, Paris, treasurer, and James ,D. Hedrick, Lexington, secretary: -. ,The Parboken Oil Company, com-posed of prominent business men ofthis city, is one of the newcomers inthe field of oil companies, a business !that is fast assuming gigantic pro-'portions in this State. The organiza-tion of the Company was effected ata meeting held m the Masonic Tern-ble building in this city WednesdayWE KNOWnIs Y&r&9 and NaturallyYour Thoughts Turn toSPRING CLOTHESE ARE READY to, show, you the season'snewest styles in. men's and young men'sSuits. Stein-Bloch and Michael Sterns finewready-to-wbar clothes cannot be excelled when itcomes to style, quality and workmanship.Many fancy patterns greens, tans, blacks,black and white, shepherd plaids, greys, stripes andplaids.Many different style coats for the young fellowspanel backs, close fitting coats and plainbacks. ,If you want quality and service in clothes letyour Spring Suit come from our store. -'Prices Range From 5$35.00 to $50.00MITCHELL & BLAKEMORENettleton Shoes0r. Reed's Cushion Sole Shoes &yManhattan Shirts '.rStetsonPROTESTING AGAINST THE PJtO' POSED BRICK PAVEMENTSA number of petitions have beenin circulation in this city the pastweek by residents of Pleasant andHigh streets, protesting against theproposed new vitrified brick streets,which have been under considerationhy the' city for some "time, with aview to ,their installation here..Those who are making the protestallege that the present cost of laborand material are so high tat tobuild these streets at this time wouldgreatly embarrass them financially.One resident of South Main streetstated that if the streets were builtat this time they would be compelledto sell their home in. order to paythpir share of the assessment for thepurpose. The petitions have beennumerously signed, but the matterhas not yet reached an acute stage."All in perfect good humor," .as oneof the circulators of the petitions remarked.NAVY BAND COMING.The United States Navy. Band, ofthirty-five men, one of the superiormusical organizations of the navy, isdue to arrive in Paris on' Sunday afternoon, April 20,-to give a concertin.the ..interest of the Victory Loancapipaign, which begins the following day.The program, though as yet incomplete, -includes the reception of theband and the accompanying speakersand workers; a band concert andpresentation of the wonderful picture, "The Price of Peace," at theGrand Opera House in the afternoon.This -will make a program of considerable length, the picture, "Price ofPeace," running about an hour anda half and the band concert aboutone hour. Further details will begiven through the press of the citynext week. Other features will alsobe explained, all of which will be ofinterest to the people of the city andcounty.MONEY BIGHT IN YOUR HANDFOE EGOS, POULTRY, AND JUNK.Highest cash pricefor eggs,poultry, hide3 and junk.MUNICH & WIDES CO.,(11-tf) Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.4-Uf n nmpa nf m officers andwiMiretftrs have not been driven outAfiWation; The Company, wbichis capitalized at $50,00"0, ha3 goodholdings in Lee and Owsley counties,and has one producing well in theirterritory .already. Thev stock of thecompany will soon be placed on themarket, and will no doubt go fast,The name taken by the company is averv significant one, "Parboken" be-ing a combination of Paris, BourbonCounty, Kentucky.SHatsamm!' N NIN THE SERVICE OF THEIRCOUNTRY.A detachment of forty-eight overseas casuals arrived yesterday at theBase Hospital- at Camp Zachary Taylor, Louisville, from the DebarkationHospital, No. 1, at Hampton Roads,Virginia. Among the number weretwo men from Paris, William Ingramand Rufus C. Johnson.Jos. W. Davis, Jr., who has beenstationed at Great Lakes NavalTraining Station, near Chicago, hasreceived an honorable discharge fromthe service, and returned to his-formerhome in Paris. "Jodie" sayswhen these final discharge paperswere handed him he was happierthan he had been for many months.One of the most interestfne- Tevp.-lations made by the War Department!ic that the Fourth Ohio Regiment ofthe famous Rainbow Division madethe fastest advance of the1 Americanforces in actual attack before Sedan.Capt. Reuben Hutchcraft, of Parishof Company K., of the old FourthOhio Regiment, . was killed in thatbattle two days before the armisticewas signed.A member of THE NEWS staff received a post card yesterday from Ed.Fitzpatrick, a former attache of THENEWS, who is in the navy service ofUncle Sam. y Fitz is now on the U. S.S. "Mississippi," stationed at Trinidad, Port of Spain, with the Atlantic fleet. His messag was ashortone, merely conveying regards to all,and stating that "This place I amnow 'stationed in is 'surely a humdinger." Henceforth all overseas soldiers,ordinarily destined for Ca'mp Pike,Ark.; Travis and Bowie, Texas, willbe sent to Camp Zaehary Taylor,Louisville, for demobilization, according to a message received fromthe office of the Adjutant General atWashington. At camp headquartersit was said the order would resultin the' discharge of approximately4,000 soldiers weekly, inste$oiofabout 15,000, the previous'average.Captain Fulton Mandeville, of theFifth Infantry, United States Army,announces that recruiting stationswill be opened at Lexington, Nicho-lasville, Danville, Versailles, Ptris,Georgetown and Stanford, for, the.purpose"' of enlisting, men Afor theFifth Infantry, with present headquarters at Camp Zachary . Taylor,which it is understood will soon jointhe 81st Division, at present inFrance or Germany as soon as sufficient recruits are added.Leonard Terry, colored, formerlya member of the Bourbon Steamiaundry forces, writes a short letter to his former employer, Mr. M. H.H. Davis,, who he addresses, like allwho know the genial Miles H., as"Mr. Red." The letter follows:"Mr. Davis: This is from your oldfriend and former employe, LeonardTerry. I take great pleasure in dropping you these few lines to let youknow that I am well over here inthis country, an4 I hope that whenthis letter reaches, you it will findyou the. same I have seen manysights since J have been over here,and will tell .you about them ,wiea Iget back; which, I certainly hope willbe real sqop. Please tell all thefolks that Private Leonard Terry,who used to work for you and drivefor Dr. Anderson, is in France, andis getting .along all right. I am amember of Co. 5, Thirty-second Engineers, and, am. located Xor the present at Louexmbourg, A. P. O. Remount 31.,. J would like .to haveyou get this note in. THR BOURBON NEV7S. I have seen, .severalcopies of THE NEWS since I havebeen over here, and read every linein them. Give my regards to all theboys and all my old friends, arid tellthem that it will not be long beforeI will be back among them againf"Very Respectfully,"PRIVATE LEONARD TERRY."A SPECIAL ON SOAP FOR TO-DAYAND T0-M0BB0W.A big special on soap for to-dayand to-morrow Sail Soap at 7 barsfor 25 cents. 'See window.MARGOLEN'S SANITARY MEATMARKET. . (It) rTO ITL BROTHERS UNEXPIREDTERM.Governor Stanley has appointedMr. Alfred Clay, of this county, as amember of the State Game an PishCommission, to fill out the unexpiredterm of ,his brother, the late Mr..Thomas Henry- Clay, Jr., who died athis home Tiear Paris some time agofrom heart" -trouble.The new appointee is oner of thecounty's best-known sportsmen andhas always taken an active interestin the protection of thev game andfish in the county. He will m'akeVanexcellent official. -K5LEANUP DATS APRIL .9THAND YOTH.The citv carts will kanl awavtrash4 free, t)einmi April-ll. 3e-ready carts only akeyone clean,canrass of each street; don't missrtfce.PARIS VISITOR SEES "NAPOLEOIT .DUG FROM SAND.""Digging Napoleon out of the sandwas the occupation of a detail' ofFrench poilus when I visited the -greatEmperor's tomb in ParisFrance, last January," said Mr. Renick Smith, of Dallas, Texas, who is -her6 as a guest of his grandmotherMrs. Wm. H. Renick- on High street. ,Mr. Smith served eight months iaFrance as a member of the 133dField Artillery.Mr. Smith's regiment was a unitof the Thirty-sixth Division, made upprincipally of Texas and Oklahomamen. It was trained at Camp Bowie,near Fort Worth, Texas. Mr. Smithis a former University of Texas man,and took part in the PulitzerSchool of Journalism, at ColumbiaUniversity, New York City. He wasformerly on the staff of the Dallas,Texas, Times-Herald, and came toKentucky about two weeks ago a'fteroemg aiscnargea in New York, toJoin his mother, Mrs. Curtis P. Smith.Mrs. Smith was formerly Miss AnniE. Renick, of near Clintonville, thiscounty. They will return, to Dallasin a few weeks.Mr. Smith said there were manyAmericans ia Paris in January. Hespoke of seeing every rank in the 'army on the boulevards, from gener-.als on down to third-class 'privates,and added, "I guess they were all A.W. O. L. There were Y. M. C. A.'.workers, Red Cross nurses, SalvationArmy representatives and Knights ofColumbus men all there doing, diningand sight-seeing."Speaking of "digginer NaDofeon outof the sand," Mr. Smith said: "Ihad expected to see the magnificentmarble catafalque which I had sooften seen in picures and of which. Ihad so often read, but instead I sawnothing but a sand pile and hundredsof sand bags they were literallydigging Napoleon out of the sand. -Iwas told the casket had been, hidden "from the public view since tfie firstyear of the war and that only afterthe armistice did France think it wssafe to uncover it air rafds, ofcourse, made the republic seek toprotect the tomb."Mr. Smith said that even in Janu-ary he saw air raid sirens on bothtowers of Notre Dame Cathedral."Workmen were beginning to removethe scaffoldings and sand bags whichhad protected the three handsomedoors of the cathedral," he said. Theguide called our attention to the .plain amber glass in the rose win-dows, saying that the fine art. paneshad been removed for fearj theymight be ruined by bombs."-. '- o - -State war mothers hold anIMPORTANT MEETING.An important meeting of the State,War Mothers' Association rwas- Jield'in Lexington, in which many Bourbon county women are intereste'd,and in which some of them took anactive part. Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft,of Paris, who is president of the Association, was unable to be present,and in her absence Mrs. Shelby T.Harbison, of Lexington, presided.This was the first meeting of theExecutive Board of the Association,and the principal matter .up for discussion was the incorporation of theorganization and the interpretationof the charter in a manner so as toadmit o membership mothers whosesons served-; with the armies of any. of ""the Allied nations, as well as withthat of the United States.Mrs. Hutchcraft was instructed tohave the Association incorporated.The handsome State charter of theorganization, sent to the meeting byMrs. Hutchcraft, was approved, withthe State seal, a blue star, on which ,are the words, "We Have Given."The Association went on record as requesting the NattonaL convention inSeptember to authorize separate organizations for negro women. Mrs.J. Walter Payne, of" Paris, Corres 'ponding Secretary, was in attend- 'ance.SEED SWEET POTATOES.Best Varieties; genuine, stock. vBUSY BEE CASH STORE.Cll-4toWOMEN TO CONDUCT SERVICES. AT CEMETERY. 'Services to commemorate the entrance of the United States into theworld war, on April 7, 1917, will beheld at the Paris Cemetery at three ,o'clock next Sunday afternoon, by 'the club women of Bourbon county. ,The services will also be in the nature "of a memorial service in honor -ofthe ''twenty.-fpur ' soldiers from "Bourbon county, who -died since theopening of the war, and in whose -honor,a grove of trees was recently,planted in the cemetery. The services will be'-conducted entirely bywomen. "Another feature-of the memorialservice that has been contemplated "- 'is requesting the presence of everr -sailor -or soldier from Bourhon county -.wne servea tne vcauntry either over-seas, or in. the. army camps. The 71.committee- has requested Mr, Rudolph Davis 'to take charge of thematter and bring It' to a' successfulconclusion. Mr. Davis lias accepted 'the i responsibility and ia already 'at 'swork notifying the mbnl - - 'x-Mr, -Davis asks every ,inan-.who hasi J -been.in' the service, to assemble at,t- . ,the court house in Paris at 2:lo'clock Sunda afternoon", in'Ainiform. ""Headed by the Liberty Drum Corps "they t will -leave the court 'house ataqo'clock, land march to"' the 'TCemetery fn time towitaeas thi-ons-eniearThis will be a considerateact nd -attestation ofMfact-to tha- t -mery.f the soldier dead, and 'willbe a JlttiagHrioute . c3' i'Iv.?-,. , I,--53v :" tPfifiB TWOTH BOTOBOX HEWS, PABIS, KEHOTCBTFRIDAY, APRIL 11, 1919.y -i4. 4,. - ,WBfGS AT THE LEXINGTONEACE TRACKTh.e belief that another Regretwukt be in the number of fillies workimg out at the Kentucky Associationtrack was expressed by watchers ofworkouts who were given somethingto talk, by two clever candidates forthe Kentucky Derby and the Ashlandand Kentucky Oaks. They were JoeS. ffawkin's Delico, and G-allaherBrothers' Regalo. Delico, a daughterCC5elt and Dainty Dame, was sentover the mile route, and worked thedistance impressively, being timed in1:40 4-5.: A. carload of racers from Havanaarrived Saturday, including four ofSl'J. Farris' string Mary's Beau,Bsfry Girl, Doublet II and Pie.gpEtacfng Secretary W. H. Shelley isSjcpected to arrive on the scene toar to begin active preparation forthe racing.;iStTHDAY. MAY 4, SET FOR "VICTORY SUNDAY."'JjWay 4th is to be Victory LoanSunday.'That will be the Sunday whichstarts off the home stretch week ofi9 loan, and the clergy is being appealed to to make it a Victory Loanoccasion from the first service in themorning through the last service atnight. .., Fact books on the loan are beingsent out to every minister in theFourth District, and publicity secretaries should hold, themselves inreadiness to give any aid asked bythe churches.fffiftPLY? WELL, DON'T BE!Foiple Notice It Drive Them Off.with Dr. Edwards'Olive-TabletsA pimply face wfli not embarrass youmach longer if you get a package of Dr.Edwards' Olive Tablets. The skin shouldbegin to clear after you have taken thetablets a few nights.lOeaosethe blood,the bowels and the literrftk Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets, the successful substitute for calomel; there's neverasy sickness or pain after taking them..Dr. .Edwards' Olive Tablets do thatwlikh calomel does, and just as effectively;tot their action is gentle and safe insteadsevere and irritating.,No one who takes Olive Tablets ise"- cursed with "a dark brown taste,"a, id breath, a dull, listless, "no good"feetn& constipation, torpid liver, baddisposition or pimply face,0r, Edwards' Olive Tablets, area purely vegetable compound mixedwith , olive , oil; you will know themfcjr their olive color.Dr. Edwards spent years among patients afflicted with uver and bowelcomplaints, and Olive Tablets are theimmensely effective result'Take one or two nightly for a week.See 'Bow much better you feel and look.3flC(tnd25cperboK. All druggists.Aetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFireTheft :Collision :',Pirbperty DamageLiabilityAnd OtherCasualtiesTiJX. j. FEEa-gentBRIGHTEREVENINGSitNbthing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life morewiorth living, than a well illuminated house..i use' Glecfctcityjr iJt's the only satisfactory way.Wse &dsf;s(3s-3 i Vformating a Hdew kingIt's the only sensible plan.' Let Us Fix You UpFor the Use BothElectricity ind Gas.4tmiiParis Gas & Electric Co.. (Iacoroorjitftd).A -TSWOEK THAT TEELS.Plenty of It Has Been Pone EightHere In Paris.To thoroughly know the virtues ofa medicine you must investigate itswork. Doan's Kidney Pills stand thistest, and plenty of proof exists righthere in Paris. People who testifiedyears ago to relief from backache,kidney and urinary disorders, nowgive confirmed testimony declarethe results have lasted. How can anyParis sufferer longer doubt the evidence? Mrs. J. T. Martin, 1024 Main St.,Paris, says: "Kidney trouble cameon from a fall and the results werevery severe, causing me more suffering than the fall itself. No one canever know what J -went through atthat time for I suffered awfully. Myback ached and pained until Ithought it would break in two.Sharp twinges shot through my kidneys and if anyone had hit me in theback with a heavy axe it couldn'thave hurt worse. In one week afterusing Doan's Kidney Pills, I felt likea different woman, for they fixed meup in fine shape." Statement givenFebruary 17, 1909.)On November 9, 1516, Mrs. Martin said: "Doan's Kidney Pills havemade a cure for me and it has beenpermanent."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask. for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Martin had . Foster-MilbWnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.(adv)RECENT COLD SNAP HAS HURTSOME CROPS.One of Bourbon county's most progressive farmers, while disposing ofa "quick lunch" at a local restarurant, told THE NEWS man that thecold spell of a few days ago did considerable damage to fruit and certaincrops He said he had a fine stand ofclover that was frozen black.Wheat that was six inches or morehigh was stiff, but of course, this willcome out all right. Tobacco plantsthat were up are ruined, but the onesthat were sown, later are safe unlessanother cold snap catches them.Some plum and peach trees on hisplace were in full bloom, and he saidit looked like' the buds were killed.Similar reports had come to himfrom-his neighbors, and the indications were that the damage wouldamount to a considerable sum whenfigured in. dollars and cents for prospects. toCATARRH CANNOT BE CUREDWith local applications, as theycannot reach the seat of the disease.Catarrh is a local disease, greatly Influenced by constitutional conditions,and in order to cure it you must takean internal remedy. Hall's CatarrhMedicine is taken internally and actsthrough the blood on the mucous surfaces of the system. Hall's CatarrhMedicine was prescribed by one ofthe best physicians in this countryfor years. It is composed of some ofthe best tonics known, combinedwith some of the bst blood purifiers.The perfect combination of the Ingredients in Hall's Catarrh Medicine iswhat produces such wonderful results in catarrhal conditions. Sendfor testimonials, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Proprietors, Toledo, 0..All druggists, 75c.,-j Hall's Family Pills for constipation.(adv-april)i": FLOUR TARES A JUMP.'. An advance of eighty-five cents abarrel on flour was announced a fewdays ago by millers, following an advance in the price of wheat from$2.50 to $2.60 a, bushel.The advance in the price of wheatwas stated by local millers to be dueto scarcity because of the slow movements frpm the farms. It was poftrted out that at., present the farmersare busy with their usual farm work,and are not making deliveries. Millers state that a further advance isnot indicated at this time, and thatthe price will probably remain at thepresent figure until May, "when preliminary farm work will be advancedto the point where the farmers canhave more time to make their deliveries of wheat.oThe Italian Red Cross has instituted special schools for educatingthe maimed.The man who is the architect ofhis own fortune never restricts himself to castles in the air.TO SEE BETTERis -the aim of a good many who sufferfrom eye trouble and defective sight,Have your eyes tested here andfitted to theBIGHT GLASSES.Eye strain and imperfect vision effect your general health, and maylead to serious ailments.' DR. 0. L. PRYE,1 Eyesight Specialist,(21mar-tf-F) paris. Ky. II jm I I H"B flBS H BS Bfl H '"" vSflBfl h Bfl BW" 5eS--BS B BS Bj jf xSSSJBa nBBllStaaiKJiJKjlJIiB BJBB m"B BBBBar tfREPORTED WITHDRAWALS PROMTHE GUBERNATORIAL RACE.The withdrawal of Dr. H. H. Cher-'ry, of Bowling Green, from the racefor the Democratic nomination forGovernor, in favor of Thomas S.Rhea, of Russellville, who announcedThursday, may be expected withintwo weeks, according to a FrankfortDemocrat. It is understood that theefforts of Selden R. Glenn, campaignmanager for Dr. Cheiyy, to induceColonel H. H. DenhaVdt, also ofBowling Green, not to enter the racewere unsuccessful, and that the officer, who recently, returned fromFrance, will make ttie Tight for thenomination against Rhea, althoughboth are adherents of the BeckhamHaly wing of the 'party.It is also rumored that Judge JohnD. Carroll, of the Court of Appeals,who announced some time ago, willalso withdraw, and that only Lieut.Governor James D. Black, Tom Rheaand Colonel Denhardt will be left inthe race. Col. George Smith, of Beattyville, who has notified friends ahathe will seek the nomination when hereturns from the service, is still inFrance, as is Major Sam Wilson, ofLexington, whose friends have beenfeeling the pulse of prominent Democrats of the State in regard to thesupport he may expect if he entersthe race. , ,oONE DOSE RELIEVESA C0LDl-N0 QUININE"Pape's Cold Compound" Ends BadColds or Grippe in aPew Hours.Relief comes instantly.A dose taken every two hours until three doses are taken will endgrippe misery and break up a severecold either in the head, chest, bodyor limbs.It promptly opens clogged-up nostrils and air passages in the head,stdps nasty discharge or nose running, relieves sick headache, dullness, feverishness, sore throat, sneezing, soreness and stiffness.Don't stay stuffed up! Quit blowing, snuffling! Eease your throbbinghead! Nothing else in the worldgives such prompt relief as "Pape'sGold Compound," which costs only afew cents at any drug store. It actswithout assistance, tastes nice, andcauses no inconvenience. Be sureyou get the genuine.(adv)oMore than $5,000,000 worth of.clothing has been prepared" for therefugees "in Siberia through theAmerican and British Red Cross,o :Drunkenness and poverty used togo hand-in-hand, but at the presentmarket price only a millionaire canafford to get drunk.For SaleTwo mare raules, ages 3 and 4years. Well .broken and work finetogether. Apply to .MISS LBTITIA CLAY,Paris, Ky.,(8) Cumb. Phone 204.Lost Dog,Shepherd dot? 5 years old. darkcolor and resembles Newfoundland,wears a Mercer County License Tag.Last seen was in or around Newtown. Suitable reward for information leading to recovery.ANDREW LOCKUN,Route 6 Lexington, Ky.C8-Stpd)Auto Tire LostLost, between Lexiaarton aaiA Carlisle, a 34x4 Good&icfc Cord AutoTire. Reward if returned toDONALD BV JTEAL,346 East Main St.,(H-tf) Lexington, Ky.Typewriter For Sale !One No. 10 new model: Smith Pre-mier Typewriter ini first-class condition, But little used Has all improvements; and is a bargain'.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.(21-tf)For SaleVacant lot oa Scott avenue.50x200 feet. Ve-rv desirable forerection of home. Is in nice surroundings. DR. WM. RI2LEY FRANKLIN.(21-tf)LOSTOn the Peacock pike, between theold Peacock distillery and Paris, abrown fox fur neckpiece, lined withcrepe de chene. Return o BOURBON NEWS office and receive reward. (4-tf)OLD MAN HARRISEditor of the Kentucky Oil Journalof Louisville, has made scores of hisreaders from $100 to 800 on "insidetips" on oil and mining stocks tellswhat is good, buys, and what is badfree to his subscribers only. Sample copy free. Map of Kentucky oilfields 16x25 inches wash drawingand a beauty free to agents whowill take subscriptions for me amongtheir" friends. The Journal is 16pages, illustrated, now $2 per yearsoon ?5. 411-12 Inter SouthernBuilding, Louisville, Ky;(8apr-tf-T)"BAYER CROSS"ON ASPIRIN.Always Ask for .Genuine"Bayer Tablets of Aspirin"Only Aspirin Tablets with thesafety "Bayer Cross" on them aregenuine "Bayer Tablets of Aspirin,"owned and made11 by Americans andproved safe by millions of people.Unknown Quantities of fraudulentAspirin Tablets were sold recently bya Brooklyn dealer which proved tobe " composed mostly of TalcumPowder. . ."Bayer Tablets 'of Aspirin" shouldalways be asked for. Then look forthe safety "Bayer Cross" on thepackage and on each tablet. Acceptnothing else! Proper directions anddosage in each Bayer package.Aspirin is the trade mark of BayerManufacturer of MonoaceticacidesterOf Salicylicacid.(apr4-tf-F-l26)oIt's a good plan to distinguish between quantify and quality. Thepeople who say just what they thinkare more numerous than popular.One of the most astonishing thingsin the world to us is that a guineanever gets nervous prostration fromlistening to itself.Keys Found.A bunch of keys on Lexingtonpike, near W. W. Hall's. Ownermay have same by proving propertyand paying for this advertisement.(8-tf)Hams For SaleA few choice 2-year-old hams;also country bacon and shoulders.MRS. THOS. HENRY CLAY, JR.(8-f)Administrator's Notice!All persons having claims againstthe estate of the late Amanda Holland are hereby requested to presentthem, properly proven as required bylaw,, to the undersigned administrator. AIT persons knowing themselves indebted to the, estate of the deceasedAamanda Holland, are requested tocall at the same place and settlesame.ED. J. MARTYN,. Administrator Amanda HbHand.(4-3t),FOR SALE!We- offer for sale privately ourtwo-story brick residence situated on the west side of Maim street,near Tenth street. The lot' has afrontage of 54 feet on Main- street,!running back between parallel lines1a distance of about 218 feet to Hfgfcstreet. The house contains about 10rooms, with basement under tfte entire house r is in good condition andin a fine neighborhood. Good cis-lci ii uii luc yiciiiiocs. J.11CXG j el;spienaia Duriaing lot irontmg- on,.riigu oncoi. ji.u. jruu j,tc iwwuo iui a. guuu urouictinis is iue pace mat win suit you. ,Prospective purchasers areravfted1to call ami inspect the property.ELIZABETH GRANKAN,MARY GRANNAN."WTW nPAMMAM 1(aprl-tf)FOR SALE ATLAST ITiba real estate firm off Thompson & Downs, at Taiorsvlile,Ky have at last succeeded ingetting on their list for sale,amjong many others, oe of thefinest farms in Kentucky, containing 350 acres HSO acres ingrass, 115 acres in wheat, thebsst in the county and the balance has been in ctover, and isnow being plowed, a great parta which has been plowed earlyThis land is in a. high stateofcultivation. It has the finesthome in Nelson county, an eightroom residence,, beside hall,i porches, etc., all fitted up withelectric lights, water works,bath, toilet; is furnace-heated,and is modem in every respect.The place has a very fine cattlebarn with 120 individual stalls;lots of shed and loft room; hastwo large tile silos that willhold 330 tons; one of the finestcemented graineries in theState; an eight-acre tobaccobarn, an extra good one; barnshave lights and water; threeextra good tenant houses, withall good outbuildings with each;good fencing all over the place;good orchard an plenty of goodwater. Price right. Address,THOMPSON & DOWNSHeal Estate Agents,Taylorsville, Ky.(25-tf)v?lAYiii W &A.JLHUsMUkOMiaKeep yourSAVE theLeatherLIQUIDS AND PASTES' FOR BLACK,. White,TAN,AND 0X-bl00d(dark BROwn)ShoesTHEP.r-DAUEY CORPORATIONS VXp,WTTAWijU-Lri Vn'ftCf . "ft. -Jjg .rr nNp reducing corsets are so trulyeconomical, so long-lived or sosatisfying as these extra-stronggarments.The Rehgo Belt feature oftailoring has become famousamong medium and stoutwomen, because" it solves theproblem of retaining shapeliness where the greatest strainHcomes over the abdomen and hips. Note the exclusivemethod of boning this portion of the garment, then wear one RcngoBelt model you will find your first supreme corset satisfaction.Models for every figure some with steelastSc webbing for greaterfreedom all with double watch sprjng boning.Prices of Rengo Belt Corsets Range from $2 to $10For Sale by FRANK & CO.A MAN AND HIS WIFELEVY,-f HE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 ' Home Phone. lGSrBourbonDAVIS & FUNK, Proprietors ITelephone No. 4 West Fifh Street 1I1i7-JJ-ftQ&-iS3f I f I 1mEm$rmiMM Jtt'KT- Tiftjr7i0 ments in laundry appliances ICHHHM v fcfor X1 ITThe Bourbon LaundryParis, Kentucky; XWANTED.Upholstering and Reoairincr.Household Furniture Bought andSold. Motto: Quick Sales and SmallI Profits.HICKS FURNITURE CO..C. M. Coyle, Upholsterer and Manager.No. 4, Broadway, Paris, Ky.Cum. Phone 822. (21-lmo)Furs and HidesWe pay highest prices for iron,hides, junk and wool,MUNICH & WIDES & CO.,Eighth' St., Paris, Ky.,Cumh. Phone 374.(23-tf)Shoes NeatTHftPrf ; ' lvvs y 'II II 5 I I xi 1Vren'go'7-1 77TVRENGO''V9E-TJ'jmay both derive satisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Theco3t is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely , satisfy you.A phone brings us.1ixLauhclry1iSATISFACTION iOUR WATCHWORD! 1vsi With ail the latest improve- j3Tri OVriOl'f' Violnavtei Tirft a-ms Kprepared to do work rnfe-rior to none, and solicit :your patronage.Alfalfa and Stock Farms.50,000 acres to select from. Writefor full information and literature.MAER REALTY CO.,Dispatch BIdg.,(28-4t-F)- Columbus Mississippi.NOTICEThe city carts and wagons wilibegin Friday, "April ,11, to removeall ashes, tin cans, and trash that areput on the streets of the city of Parisbut will not haul any limbs of trees,or vines, garbage of slopsr and ifnot on streets when, the wagon, is onthat said street the wagon will notreturn again. So have it ready.E. B. JANUARY,8-lt) Mayor.MEL' fiAjrry Mi4 ftbw-v- .Ami J-ae Jfar'""i-iiflrViTi tFRIDAY, APRIL 11,' 1919.THEBOTOBOHHEWS, PAWS,PjUttr x-tMiddle ActedWomejx,Are Here Told the Best Remedyfor Their Troubles.Freemont, 0. "I -was passing- through the criticalperiod of life, "being1 forty-six years of age and had alline symptoms incident to that change heat flashes,nervousness, and was in a general run down condition, ,bo it was hard for me to do mv work. Lvdia E. Pink-ham's Vegetable Compound was recommended to me asthe best remedy for my troubles,which it surely provedto be. I feel better and stronger in every way sincetaking it, and the annoying symptoms have disappeared." Mrs. M. Godden, 925 Napoleon St.. Fremont.Ohio. -North Haven, Conn. "Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound restored my health after everything elsehad failed when passing through change of life. Therbis nothing like it to overcome the trying symptoms."Mrs. Flobex cb Ibklt,a,Bos 197, North Haven, Conn.fctoiTr j-9S7t.-V -i. ILYDIA E. PINKHAM'SVEGETABLE COMPOUNDlias the m&$t mw4. f Ik mm&.tt goodSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, .There andElsewhere.mrmmi mmi tmM mLYDIA E. PIN KH AM MEDICINE CO. LYNN. MASS.Quick Deliveries ByTRACTION EXPRESSKy. Traction & TerminalCo.Two Ton RepublicDemonstratorPractically New$1950Ford Roadster$350Harry P. KellyREPfcKJCKSB&CjiMQTOR LISi MMJ21,1010 Gilbert AeS$VincixitiaI,0.IyM.nniMii ilmi iIM1 1 1'iHrn-srti-ji-Jii'nuu 1WINCHESTED, KY., April 10.Willie Ramsey, 23 years old, died atthe Clark County hospital here Sunday shortly after 8 o'clock, death resulting from injuries received in anautomobile accident Saturday night.Corporal Ramsey who served eightmonths in France and was dischargedfrom the army two weeks ago was in-YICTIM OF ATJTO ACCIDENT DIES ' ternally injured when an automobiletit TUTKrHTrrcrrpp t in which he and three companionswere uui jriuiiig uYeiuuiieu jju. meSpencer pike about a mile ast ofMt. Sterling.The automobile was found m themiddle of the road and the occupantspinned under it by Bruce Duff, afarmer of the vicinity.The victims were immediately rushed to the Clark County hospitalwhere Ramsey died. The deceasedis survived by his parents, Mr. andMrs. Gordon Ramsey, one sister, Geneva, two brothers, Marion andChristie Woodward, and his grandmother, Mrs. William Harris, all ofClark County.oMrs. George Williams Clay isvisiting friends in Cleveland, Ohio.Mr. and Mrs. B. M. Renick areat French Lick Springs for an extended stay.Hon. Claude M. Thomas has returned from a business trip to pointsin Alabama.Miss Bessie Mclntyre has returned from a -visit to friends andrelatives in Cincinnati.Dr. J. T. Larue, of St .Louis, isa guest of his sister, Mrs. Carrie Larue Woodford, near Paris.Mr. M. B. Lovell left Wednesdayfor a visit to his daughter, Mrs.Schinck, in Beaumont, Texas.Mrs. Francis J. Cheek, of Danville, is a guest of Mrs. Robert J.Neely, at her home on Duncan avenue. Mr. and Mrs. John Williams, ofFranklin county, are guests of theirdaughter, Mrs. D. S. Henry, and Dr.Henry.Rev. Gilbert R. Compbs, pastorof the Paris Methodist church, hasreturned from a visit to his mother,in Berea.Mr. Jesse Cumber, formerly ofParis, who recently underwent anoperation at St. Joseph's Hospital, inLexington, has returned to his homein Millersburg. 'Mr. C. O. Hinton, who has beenvery ill for some time with rheumatims, is at the home of Mr. and Mrs.James McClure, on Vine street, wherehe is recuperating.Mrs. Jesse R. Letton and daughters, Misses Margaret, Alice, Josephine and Mary Frances Letton, haveleturned from Tadares, Florida,where they spent the winter.(Other Personals on Page 5)I01HSV1IXE & NASHVILLEOWNERS APPROVE DIRECTORS REPORT.Anything In Your Eye?Many people who come to us forexamination imagine there is someforeign substance in their eyes.It is hard to convince them, sometimes, that these gritty, sandy,scratching, irritating conditions aresymptoms and effects due to refractory errors which usually can be corrected by the wearing of properly fitted glasses. Let us take the "grit"out of your eyes.Dr. Wm. Riley FranklinSuite 205-6 First National Ba,Both Phones. Paris, Ky.BANKING BY MAILSAFE-PRIVATE, ano CONNJENT;v,'V-yfeWmit- . -distance u ao OBject to uslit of the country youlfve Ini-i. .- ......SA-r ia.fJ .f KLJSWli ik. lu vuur nnnr snn TiirrnmnnMiviiiii-M.ir -- '- - .J - "-"-,-- ""'"""TTSX.,fVM.-V.Jyou tor very dollar fen with usrRfiTS wbrteySSEg11" vford from you wiiliriifjufllpl.Sanation of our plan of "Banking by' Mail.' Tto.Jitlzens" Istha l&rtr&S Sank In Indiana ayhx((MAHUHt "-"-'w - - -WM vnv)!Ofndianapolisu auurRESOURCES U'rNEAJKLY HALF AILLtON DOLL.rURY IN BUSINESS"'Kit&flRpAfAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA AAAAAAAAAAAA7NyWAAAAAWyU iDissatisfaction.-" -Minfe&eiN vQuality or Erica.o-Coffeeis easily remedied fcy changing your tabledrink toTHE ORIGINALPOSTUMvmQif(z&:CerealBoiled just like coffee 1 5 minutes after boilingbegins you are certain of uniform quality.The price doesn't fluctuate from one month tovLe nextAnd besides there's only one grade the best.You get it in every package.There's a greater reason however wny you shoulddrink Postum HEALTH.No upset to stomach, heart or nervet the penalty many pay for coffee drinking follows theuse of Postum. It's a rich, healthful, invigoratingdrink, and"There's a Reason'DO YOU SLEEP WELL?To be at his best a man must havesound, refreshing sleep. When wakeful and restless at night he is in nocondition for work or business duringthe day. Wakefulness is often causedby indigestion and constipation, andis quickly , relieved by Chamberlain'sTablets. Try a dose of these tabletsand see how much better you feelwith a clear head and good digestion.(adv-april)o 'FOUlJDEIt OF IIVE AND TENCENT STORES DEAD.Frank W. Woolworth, who starteda 5 and iu cent store at Utica, N.Y., 4tf years ago on a capital of ?50,and eventually became the proprietor of a great chain of these storesin the United States and., Canada andEngland, died 'suddenly 'at his GlenCbv, Long Island" home Tuesday.r' He built the 'celebrated fifty-onestory Woolworth building in NewYork, said to be the tallest buildingan me worm. - -f i oKAHN SEES DARK FUTUBE1 Representative Julius Khan,t ofCalifornia, Chairman of the HouseCommittee on Military Affairs, said inan interview that he foresaw otherwars m the not too distant future.He has gone to Germany to study, thesituation in its relation to the futuremilitary policy of the United States,and he says his investigation hasconvinced him not only that thePeace Conference will not smooth outthe affairs of the world to an everlasting satisfaction and contentmentI for everyone, but also that four yearsand three months of war have not!cured Europe of fighting.Owners of the Louisville & Nashville Railroad Company, who electedall old directors Wednesday at theirannual meeting, approved also theannual report of the directors andPresident Milton H. Smith, embodying the agreement between the roadand the Director General, wherebythe annual rental fixed for Government operation of the system is$17,310,494.67, from which sum theincome account for 1918 shows,transferred to the credit of profit andloss, an income balance of $10,849,-037.47. This last sum compares with$16,381,499.22 for 1917, before theGovernment assumed opreation.oYour bond coupons may lepresentthe long green, but you don't needa lawn mower to clip them with.Wolf, Wile & Co.LEXINGTON, KENTUCKYTo Those Women and Misseswho like to wear styles which are head and shouldersabove the commonplace, we would 'ask you to take a. tripto view theseNew Suitsand Dresses7)resswFORCasterWe are prepared to show youthe latest in . -Spring Suits,Coats, Capes .iDresses, BlousesSkirts, Shoes, Etc;V-DRESSESFor All OccasionsModels that appeal to the discriminating girl and youthful woman. Nothing of the freakish appears in a singlefrock; just the quiet elegance of good taste in every line.The simplicity which shows the hand of genius of masterdesigners.SUITSIn Slender Effect ModelsThey display that "slender Effect" to a nicety and m introduce many little style touches in pockets, sleeves andcuffs. Great care was used in picking out these garments; they are for women who appreciate exclusivenessand youngish ideas at REASONABLE PRICES.Wolf, WileLEXINGTON, KENTUCKYMargolen'sSanitary Meat MarrketThe Largest Line ofMILLINERYin the cityTWIN BROS.DliARTMENT 'STOEE ,701-703 Main St., ?aris, Ky.mmHOGLARD30cPoundfiWilmoth'sMflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketFreshHome Baked Breads,Cakes, Pies, Etc.Daily vFreshiyieats,Roasts,Steaks,ChopsFancy Goods.FamousCoffees and TeasWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phonc376Povltry and EggsWANTED-The undersigned firm has added anew department to their business andare now prepared to handle all kinds .of ' country produce. . Highest cash .prices paid.Also Hides, Junk, Etc., Wanted.yi. -Mar" ti rr w-Tracks Will Call For Sane.?Munich & WidestOpposite Martin's Livery StabifeOn Eighth StreetCUMBERLAND PHONE 374The Shortest RouteAll long distance messages forMaysville VanceburgElemingsburj? Brooksviffeand way stations locatedbe routed tver ,within the Maysville District, shoolitHome Long Distancefor the reason that this is the shortest and most direct route farestablishing tollrconnection with these points..-' -r -iPari Home telephone & TelcgraUl1 Gombany "' "- im.ilK5riictr &F2Frssc'9l (IncorporUi)J. J. VEATCH.District ManagerW. H. CAHH03T.h v LocalSend That Next Job of Printing to TbBourbon News. Best Work; Right Pricit"I7W-ry" "r"IIAGETfTBB0VX10NMEWS, . ?W8, . ZEUTtrCXT -VjWjjljijiLrnvITOlDAY, .APRIL, .11, 151tr"T t i-rrr-iifciu- ua-uan jmi-iiLn-nt;ThcLeennnflnmnyiJiiHitf'iimutiHmimmKeatOilCo.Capital Stock, ,5QO,OOOiOO. . $1,OOFar ValueI Temporary Office 606 Main St., Paris, Ky.We announced in yesterday's Lexington Heraldthe birth of the Lee-Kent Oil Company. . We toldyou who we were and what we now own. On the31st day of March we- 'organized the Lee-Kent OilCompany and announced to a few friends that wewould take subscriptions for 'a little ten-cent stockand at the same time announced that we would notsell more than one hundred and twenty-five thousandshares. The people stampeded us and we hastilycalled a meeting, checked up and found that we werethree hundred per cent, oversold. We then announced to the disappointed ones that we would ,offer fifty thousand shares at twenty cents. Thiswas over-subscribed by twenty-five thousand sharesthe first day. We then announced that we would"sell a limited number of shares at thirty cents, whichis going very fastIf you want to buy Lee-Kent Oil Stockat thirty cents, BUY IT TO-DAY,for to-morrow you may not get it!We now have options on several splendid leasesand royalties. As we close up for these leases ofcourse the stock goes up: 'Come in and let us explain to you.Temporary Office 606 Main StreetParis, KentuckyC. P. MANN, General Sales ManagerP. S. After this was written we received a telegram announcing new well on the Millie Freemanlease of one hundred and fifty barrels flush, anotherdue in to-day.ufninnnaimiESSgtEEEEtfgfegFB": g-t-CP-rifagBABEOW UNIT NO. 40 TO LEAVENEXT MONDAY.It was decided Wednesday by thegovernment officials in charge ofsending the returned soldiers tocamps near their homes that BaseHospital Unit No. 40 would leaveCamp M'erritt for Lexington nextMonday. ,TJie exact hour of their departureis still unknown, as the officials areplanning to seiid other units Souththe 'same day by special trains.It is said by officials that, following the celebration at Lexington, themen will be sent to Camp ZacharyTaylor; where they will be demobilized. It will probably be given out to-dayor to-morrow just what the itinerarywill be.FOR SALE.Splendid parlor organat Busy Bee Cash Store.-a bargain,(ll-2t)PUBLIC SALErOf Pleasant St. Property.We will sell at public auctionSaturday, April 19, at 2 p. m.,on the 'premises the McCarney property, located on Pleasant Street, be-tweek-Eleventhand Twelfth Streets. House contains eight rooms, hall,presses, two porches, bath, electric lights and gas. It has large gardenand splendid cistern. Lot 100x250 feet, more or less. ,This property is well located, convenient down town and must beseen to fbe appreciated. .,,K- ,Th& undersigned. will gladly show property,. to. anyone interested.TOJtMS Made known on day of sale.(11-1-18) HABBIS 6 SPEAKES. ,Big Auction SaleBATES TEXED'POE'IttraiG OOK, CjJSES IN 8TH.BISTKIGT.,-.One of the great flying circuses ofthe great flying program the UnitedStates has ever known, to be1 offered in connection with the VictoryLiberty Loan campaign, is to visitthe Eighth Federal Reserve Districtand give some wonderful demonstrations of the flying art as developedover the battlefields of Europe atfour of the leading cities. ."The flyers who will-talce part aremade up of the most daring heroesof the war from the air service ofAmerica; Great Britain and France,especially chosen by their governments for this service in the VictoryLoan campaign. The delegation ofeight French flyers to make ,up apart .of the .great squadron are already -on their way to this 'countryand will probably be on' the groundwhen this is printed.One of the French flyers has a record 'of 43 victories over German adversaries. Another made 179 bombing trips over German lines. Sixwill be in the party of British flyersand our Government has been assured by the British government thatthey will be the six best flyers developed during the war. tAmong, the planes to -be -used bythe flyers are fourteen German Fokker planes captured by GeneralPershing's men, which have landedat Newport News and will be shipped at once to Washington and turned over to the Treasury Departmentfor the period of the loan campaign.These German planes are all insplendid flying condition and will beused in all of the flying expeditions.Also the best types of Americanplanes developed and constructedduring the war will be partof the squadron, to demonstrateto the American people what hasbeen achieved as . a result of theirgenerous response in former campaigns. The flyers and planes for the tripswill be under the direction of" theBureau of Publicity of the VictoryLoan Organization, Frank R. Wilson,Director. The actual flights will beunder the direction of the MilitaryAeronautics Branch of the War Department, with Capt. Leon Richardson in charge.Each squadron wilhbe carried in aspecial train of eleven cars, traveling at night. Nine end door baggage cars will be required to carrythe seventeen air planes in eachsquadron. An officer will preceedeach train, meet local Loan Committees and make arrangements forlanding fields and the entertainmentof the flyers.Photographers of the Signal Corpswill accompany each squadron andtake war pictures of each Americancity visited.The general program to be followed in each city visited will ,be as follows: Two American Scout planeswill rise to drop Victory Loan literature over the city. Four Germanplanes will then attack these twoAemrican planes in the air. FourAmerican planes will then drive offthe German planes and the flyers willgive demonstrations of aerial acrobatics. Parades will precede theflights. " Citizens will be1 able to seethe planes unloaded and set up inthe morning, and knocked down forshipment after the flights". "GCT--TOGETHER BANQUET" AXTEE Y. JL C. A.More than thre, hundred coverswere laid for expected guests at the"Get-Together Banquet" given at theBourbon County Y. M. C. A. Wednesday night by the congregation of theParis Baptist ctiiirch.The purpose . of the meeting wasnot-only to get, the members of thecongregation together, but scores of,people who are nbn-members) into' acloser and more harmonious' workingforce for the good of the community.The speakers of the evening wereRev. T. C'.Ecton, of Lexingjbn Rev.Frank W. Eberhardt and Prof. JohnL. Hill, of Georgetown; Rev. E. B.Hatcher, of Louisville, Rev. R. C.Goldsmith, pastor of the Paris(church, officiated as toastmaster.The banquet carried with it amovement to raise -$1,000 for thepurpose of liquidating a debt on thechurch, and for an increase of $300per annum in the salary of the pastor. The banquet came onthe eveof a revival "which- is to begin at theParis church on .next Monday night,April 21, to be conducted by Rev. B.B. Bailey, of Maysville, There willbe a double service eachrday, with -achoir service. ' !o .SEED SWEET POTATOES.Big stock of seed sweet potatoes,including Bermuda, Strausburg. andNancy Hall you can't beat this va-Triety. ,(It) C. P. COOK & CQ. .o , t.( ,.CLEAN UP DAYS APBIL 9THAND 10TH. ' '.yr- rKFRANKv -&eoLADIES' OUTFITTERS,? '-The city carts will haul away';trash tree, beginning: April 11. Beread carts only make on clean upcanvass of each street; don't missthem. 'We Are Now ShEarly SpringowingModelsft y. -4'.'.'y&IN'&EVENING DRESSESDINNER DRESSESSPRING SUITSSPRING COATSAB-4 TIREInsure witHW.O. H1NTON & SON,Agtssmall eere wednesday calls,out department;An alarm from. Box 32 Wednesdayafternoon called the fire departmentto the residence of Mrs. Hall, in !South Paris, where burning rubbish, rin a hen house started a fire which jcaused a property loss of about $80.oFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanoMILLER'S CREEK COAL AT TEM-r3315 Acres of Fine Sumner Co.Farm, on Premises$cK cThursday, May 1, 10:30 a. m.We sare now surveying' and subdividing and will 'offer for sale at&uction?he famous farm and home of the late. Judge Judd, .at Gallatin,TemL,'cotaining 315 acres'; all deep, rich, first and second bottom land, in,thejbighfist state of cultivation, having been operated' for a number ofyears exclusively as a stock and grain farm on a large scale, and ismostly .seeded, to blue grass, orchard and timothy, and not a waste arce onthe farm frj s" ,ThJsijfine farm has a long pike frontage on both the beautiful RedRiver aikfj Long Hollow pijp and is almost adjoining the city limits ofGailRtibSne of the best school and cllege centers in the State for bothhoys &n5fcirls. ;j . -....Improvements consist of 10-room, two-sfpry modern brick residence,with hStnd cold water, baths, light plant, big stock barns, silos, haysheds, 'e&& and one of the 'best watered farms in the State..jiXTBys One-forth cash, balance, one, two and three years.Forifjill particulars and to be shown, the farm, write or call on Mr.Jos. H-iidd, Administrator,, on the farm, or''&W"'-V --MJW-AV, DILLON, Agents,Nashville, Tenn,Tjl " ' IV.F304 Third Ave., N.S. B. Bryan, Manager Farm Department.CLEAN -UP -DAY APEIL 9THA2O)10TH. 'The city carts will haul awaytrash free, beginning April 11. Beready carts only make one clean upcanvass of each street; don't missthem.PUN-LUMBER CO. YABDS.We handle the celebrated. Miller'sCreek Coal. There is none better.Try a load.TEMFLIN LUMBER CO.4apr-3t)rti'DolmansCapesCrepe' de Chene and Voile BlousesandSkirtsFRANKLADIES' OUTFITTERSMONEY BIGHT IN YOlfe HANDFOR EGOS, POULTRYAKD JtfNKHighest cash price for eggs,poultry, hides and junk.MUNICH & WIDES CO.,(11-tf) Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.oHIGH SCHOOL TO START ASPECIAL CAMPAIGNA special campaign to induceeighth grade students, of schools inBourbon county to continue their education and finish High School hasbeen started and efforts will be madeto. have 150 "Eighth '" Graders" totake the examination for county diplomas, which will be held in theofficeof County Superintendent J. B.Qaywood, in the court house, on May16 and 17.It is planned to have each schooldistrict organization for the purposeof getting the maximum number ofchildren to take the examination.Those who pass the test will be givena diploma which will entitle them toattend any High School in Kentuckywithout paying tuition. Studentsliving in Paris, Millersburg, andother High School districts do nothave to pay tuition without a diploma, but if they should move fromone district to another they wouldbe, required to pay the v$40 fee. Forthis reason they will be) given an opportunity to take the examination.A recent educationalsurvey madein Bourbon county revealed the factthat this county is far behind manyother counties in the State in thenumber of children wSb- finish theeighth grade and attendHigh School.The purpose of the drtvi; is to bring'Bourbqn--countyv-alongside the foremost educational counties of theState.t UMBIRTHS."- To the wife of Mr. Caflbsfohnlson, oi souxn unrten, avenue,- 4daughter, weight, six "pounds, christened Auerusta Johnson. Thu mntiiai.Tvas formerly Miss, Ethel rRitchitiiMof.hear Paris. ' rVJ-'J Mj joThe Central : Powers "'snent.' iten i-i v.. ,1.V.' - .- --,---!- --,-..,,,1 ' s ifIrii-ttniii nil Pa1 jIj III 1 1 U I J. 'Jl 19 INCORPORATED .; -Capital Stock $500,000. Par Value $1.00. 1I Prefirt Price ijif X-'W' Share ., , ;,w,iiaiiiy..; irfSy, dSefpre, the Advance! fIJOHN M. STUARTSP . , ..- 418 Main Street, Pans, Ky. .-.:!!:vi;fi.4i 1! , V ( K i r i 'i . .-S. . - -".-.y K.Wrt .-..,C ,ftyv,uuu,uuu,uuv on the war, and seewhat thev firot.t,l-ii.- , E'lBSflHB' ' ' ' vVr&g&yix jg38'4-I ! ! I I' . ,,. , I '. Vfo Pi'-;(FRIDAY, ApRTL lVf 1919"ytff ffi'WX' $& f rctHf Fm$&0& $mr&THU KWMOH llWf, r ;?!!, Xljri'ptji!4T. --.'- tg??.!- .mW'-'Xvi.. .v-. y - r-'- t.SOCIAL AOT PERSONAL.::HSS--:KSX33SHX!i . "i - ,gfvt yftVtr" "COR THE BESTt NOTHING.ELSECOTTONSEED MEAL.Swift's Digester Tankage 60Protein for Hogs.Swift's High Grade Pertilizer forTolmcco.8-tf) CHAS. S. BBENT & BRO. .EGGS! EGGS! .Call us up about your eggs beforeyou sell them. i(it) "cP. COOK & CO.oRUMMAGE SALE.The Woman's Bible Class of theMethodist church will hold a "rummage sale," and also a sale of edibles in the vacant storeroom in theRobneel building, corner of Mainand Eighth streets, to-morrow, Saturday, April 12. Everybody invited to attend a-nd patronize the sale.o"GEORGE" IS HOME AGAIN.George "Taters" Williams, wantedby the Paris police as a fugitive fromjustice, a-nd arrested in Winchester,Monday, was brought to Paris, Wednesday by Patrolman George W. Judyand placed in the Paris jail. He ischarged with "bootlegging." Whileunder arrest and being brought toParis some time ago he managed toeffect an escape.. oCOURT NEWS.In the County Court, Tuesday, Mr.Wm. H. Whaley, who became involved in an altercation on Main streetMonday with Mr. Charles M. Penn,was tried by a jury and assessed afine of one cent and costs. Mr.Whaley was represented in court byJudge Denis Dundon, while the interests of Mr. Penn were in the handsof County Attorney D. D. Cline andAttorney John J. Williams.oTRIPLE SERVICE BOYS' SUITS.Styles right of wear-resisting materials. The Price $15.J. W. DAVIS & CO.oERESH CAKES FOR SUNDAY:HOME COOKED POR MRS. ELIISCome early and get one of thosehome baked cakes for your Sundaydinner; also, doughnuts like motherused to make all fresh cooked, atMRS. ELLIS'Cash and Carry Grocery.Home Phone 201. Cumb. Phone 633.oCLEAN TJP DAYS APRIL 9THAND10TH.The city carts will haul awaytrash free, heginning April 11. Bexeady carts only make one clean-upcanvass of each streetf don't missthem.oBOURBON MAN ON TRIAL IN PAYETTE CIRCUIT COURT.jIn the Fayette Circuit Court thecase of Will G. Kiser ,of near Paris,charged with the murder of DillardTabor on Oct 19, 1918, was calledfor trial yesterday. The killing tookplace at the Russell Cave spring, &adis said to be the outcome of a friendlywrestling match. Kiser is a son" ofMr. Wat Kiser, who resides nearEwalfs Cross Roads, in this county;P0OT AMPUTATED.Amputation of the right foot justabove the anfcje was made on Dr. J.'W. Mebane, well-known colored physician ,of Paris, at the Massie Memorial Hospital. The operation wasperformed by Dr. Wendell, a coloredphysician of Lexington. Some timeago Dr. Mebane sustained an injuryto the big toe on liis right foot,which became infected and causedblood poisoning. As a result of gangrene setting' in amputation of theinfected member became necessary.'. oA DELIGHTFUL SUMMER BEVER-AGE. .Nothing is more refreshing and invigorating than a bottle of CottonTop. We serve in "bottle ice cold.Take no substitute.' Come to ourplace and call for Cotton Top.(It) JAS. E. CRAVEN.oWOOL WAMTEDFifty thousand pounds woolwanted. Highest market pricepaid. Plenty of sacks and twineat our mule barn.CAYWOOD & McCLINTOCK.(till21may)oUNIFORM RANKK. P., ELECTS' ;NEW OEFECEBS.At X&k regular meeting of A. J.Lovely &., "No. 34, Uniform RankKnightS&f Pythias, held at theirCastle H&l, Wednesday night, thefollowing officers were elected toserve &as 1919:Wm; mr. Dudley, Captain; B. R.Dickers first Lieutenants RoscoCarakfoafel, "Seootofl Lieutenant; .Wm. Gooloe, Recorder; Lee Deavers,Treasurer; Thos. Bratton, Guard;Walter.31ytner'Sentine.L. , ..The Jlwly-elecUa "officers will beinstalledVat a meeting U bd held bnWednesday niht, April -23. Folloing theTSnstallatidtt there will be asocial ftottr, and open session, duringwhich sfcfTeshments will be served.The mothers, wives, sisters anddaughters of the members are expected be present and enjoy theoccasion.At the same meeting at which thenJght sbnew applications for mem-laiiip ;were acteu upuu u.u. iucicwill probably be some active jvvorkvomlags and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.RELIGIOUS.Mrs. Homer Kiser has returnedfrom a visit to Mrs. Ed. Carson, inRichmond.Mrs. Russell Mann, .is a guest ofMr. and Mrs. Thomas S. Hamilton, inLouisville.-Mr. Andrew J. Gorey, of Covington, is a guest of his brother, Mr.Edward Gorey.. , , ,Mr. Henry A. Power of thePower Grocery Co., is in New Yorkon a business mission.Mr. Gub Margolen has returnedfrom a visit to his sister, Mrs. EstherSchwartz, in Purcell, Oklahoma.Mrs. J. Curtis Lary, of Winchester, was the guest recently of -sH.Clay Whaley and family, on Cypressstreet.A Mr. and Mrs. H. R. Bakefb.avereturned from a visit to the latter'smother, Mrs. J. L. Humphrey, in Louisville. Miss Lucy Simms returned Wednesday from New York, . where shehas been a guest of friends for several weeks., Mrs.' J. .A. McClintock has returned to her home in Richmond, after a visit to relatives in this cityand in Millersbtirg.Mr. and Mrs. Stanhope Wiedemann and Miss Pauline Purcell havereturned home after spending severaldays in Cincinnati.Mr. and Mrs. Richard Welling,of Paris, attended the funeral andburial of Mrs. Margaret Linehan, atCynthiana, Tuesday.Mayor E. B. January was inLexington, Wednesday, attending theannual meeting of the ExecutiveBoard of the Odd Fellows' Home.Mr. A. M. Floyd, of New Albany, Ind., is visiting his brother,Mr. H. H. Floyd, manager of theCumberland Telephone Co., in thiscity.Mrs. George Dawson, Mrs. Thos.Darnaby, Mrs. Robert Stipp and Mrs.Claude Weathers, of Clintonville, attended the C. W. B. M. meeting atthe Paris Christian church Wednesday Mrs. Hiram M. Roseberry washostess to a very charming afternoonbridge party yesterday.The. attractive bungalow was lovely In it's decorations of Springflowers. A delicious salad coursewas served after the game to threetables of players. - vMr., and Mrs. Arthur Hancockand Mr. Charlton Clay, of Paris,were guests of friends in Lexington,Tuesday, to attend the CincinnatiSymphony Orchestra concert.. Others who attended the concert wereMr. and Mrs. Aylette Buckner andson, Mr. and Mrs. I. L. Price, Mrs.A. J. Winters, James Caldwell, Prof,and Mrs. Lee Kirpatrick, LamarHill, Aaron Stern.Danville Messenger: "Dr. J. J.Castleberry and. Prof. A. L. Boatright arrived, in this city last evening. The evangelistic services beganat the Christian church last Sundaymorning under the most favorableauspices. There was a large attendance at both the morning and theevening services and ten additions tothe church."There was a large and appreciative audience greeted Dr. Castleberrylast evening. It was a great sermon,while the song service, Prof. Boatright, leader, was a pleasing featureof the meeting. The public is cordially invited to these services. It-yon go once you will want to goagan.?'-(Other Personals on Page 3)oERESH AS AJJAY, MOILNINGOur spring styles for young menweTecbmmend a waist seam model?35, $40, ?45 and ?50.J. W. DAVIS & CO.oLOCAL EISHEEMAGT MAKES SEASON'S RECORD CATCHTo John J. (Kit) McCarthy, of theLouisville fy Nashville office force,has fallen the honor of capturing the1.mnrrt flnll.oVfln Ft'IITI Vl O lrtfo1 tZ70ters'this season' a big mouth -Dass,weighing 5 pounds and two punces."Kit" is one of the most enthusiastic anglers in the county, and devotes much of "his spare time "to thispleasing and healthful sport. He hasmet i with more or less good luck inhis campaign this spring, but Tuesday Tiis efforts were rewarded bythe record-breaking catch. He wasfishing from a boat in the neighborhood of the Foote boat landing, whenhe landed the big fish. In doing sohe brbke his ;ftshing rod in two places, but gameiy held on to his catch.The big fish .was greatly admired byall who saw it. "Kit" is goingagainJ": oSADDLE HORSE MEN TO MEET.! ,Hon. Claude M. Thomas, of Paris,left last night for Louisville.-wherehe -will preside at the annual meeting i of Jthe American Saddle HoreBreeders' Association, The meetingwill be held this morning in theHotel Henry Watterson. The election of a nresident to succeed tne.late Gen. John B. Castleman, whowas head of the Association, smce-it-was foundedln 1891, wiUbe tb.eprincipal .business .transacted." Mz.Thomas is vice-president of the Association, and one of the best-knownsaddle horse men in the State., " '' o 'if A R. EXHIBIT CONTINUED.' uy - .' ".' iWtW to- the inclement weatherIwhich prevented many from attend-'-. -. ' ji!.l... xnlnninl on I TirOO.mg tne display uo. wiwiia. . -ent day relics at the Masonic TemnipvAsterdav. it has bee'nTdecided toopen it againi to-day, Friday, to thepublic from 1 to 5. Tne exniDii oejnin nn a small scale has grown involume and historic interest, and.those, who failed to see.it will missan Opportunity that may never come"asrain. A luncn win De serveu aau-a.fee.ofi 25 ,centscharged-to swell theThe Christian Endeavor Societyof the Christian church will meet inthe .church parlors at 7:00 o'clockSunday night The subject will be;"How to Give God's Day to God, LikeDeeds." Leader,' Mrs. J. W(. Markland. '' At a meeting of the Board ofOfficers of the .Christian church; heldSunday, it; was decided to 'proceedwith the decoration of the church, assoon as possible.. The Board alsoVoted as being in favor of the cityputting in pavement in front of thechurch property, but went on recordas opposed to a brick, street of thisnature..rThe Week of Prayer will be observed by the Missionary Society ofthe Paris Christian -church in. thechurch parlors at 2:30 p. m. .The"following will be-the leaders for theweek: Monday, Mrs. R. S. Swango;Tuesday, Mrs. Hayden; Thursday,Mrs. Sutherland;. Friday, Mrs. May.At this time the mite boxes will beopened.Rev. Dr. F. Sale Parker, of Nashville, Tenn., was a recent visitor inParis, as a guest of Mr. Dennis V.Snapp,' Field Secretary. Dr. Parkeris General Secretary of the EpworthLeague of the Methodist church. Hisyisit here was in the interest of theCentenary movement in progress under the auspices of the Methodistchurch. Dr. Parker congratulatedMr. JSnapp on his good work.CHRISTIAN CHURCH CALENDAR.Sunday, 9:30 Bible School.Sunday 10:45 Morning Service.Sunday, 2:30 p. m. Mission Bandwill meet in the church parlor.Sunday, 7:00 Christian Endeavormeeting in parlor of church.Sunday, 8:00 p. m. Evening service. Tuesday, 2:30 p. m. Women's Society will meet in the church parlor.Wednesday, 8:00 p. m. Prayermeeting service in the church parlor.oEEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.EASIER MILLINERYWhen you see the wonderful variety of smart shapes and trimmings - you will be sure towant one of our new Easter Hats. Lovely straw and rough braids in all the suit shades,with trimmings of ostrich, ribbon or flowers$5.00 to $15.LflJSweaters, Underskirts, Lingerie,Millinery, Blouses.Vestees, Beaded Bags, Hosiery,Handkerchiefs, Neckwear.Capes and DolmansTee Spring Wraps that have gained such popularity are here in all their charm Serge,tricotine and broadcloth, reasonably priced$15.00 to $100.00SuitsBox Boats, Russian Bluses, semi-fitting mo.dels in the most-favored, fashionable materials . Iacoc ouiw o,ic wen tui emu. wen uaiiuicu auu we tatie pnue m uiienng mem to our CUS- "Jtomers at sucn low prices 'Mrs. Mollie Lair sold Tuesday hercottage on South Main street, to theBourbon Tobacco Warehouse Co., for$2,500. The sale was made throughthe Walter Clark Real EstateAgency, of Paris. - .oSTOCK, CROP, ETC.Mr. L. H. Peed, of Montgomerycounty,' ifur'chased "of Bert 'McClintock, of Millersburg, a pair of five-year-oldmare mules," for $500, anda single mule for $200.Mr. S. Kenney Nichols, of Paris,has booked his three-year-old mare,Mattie Nichols, by Plaudit-Bewitcherby the Commoner, and a mlf-sisterto J. N. Camden's mare, One Step, toImp. .Pataud.Lost, Somewhere between Main streetand "Munich & Wide's- place of. business, on Eighth street, yesterday, aYale lock key. Finder leave at THE-NEWS oflBce. Suitable.reward. (It)Lost Reward.Bed steer, between Paris andEwalt's Cross Roads. x Notify the undersigned and receive suitable reward W. S. HAGGARD,Cumb. .Phone 948. Paris, Ky.LOSTSomewhere between Paris and Little Rock, a Waltham watch, withinitials "L.W. C." engraved on back.Suitable reward for return to. thisoffice. ' . dl-tf)1 burton's 11 Confectionery StoreSuccessor to Atiami & Santi.$25.00 to $75.00For Misses and Juniors, in Georgette, Crepede-Chine and Taffeta.SKIRTSSee our beautiful skirts of Pussy Willow,Georgette and Fantasy.BlousesGeorgette, Crepe de Chine and Voile Blouses of superior quality and design are priced from ,$5.00 to $15.00HARRY SIMON224-228 West Main St., Lexington, Ky:Main Street, Paris, Ky.K. AGENT FOE M. IBOLD RMAlfQEL, COUNSELOR, iijAIH) S0NADA CIGABS " MlAdami's Famous Recipe for lllf!! making delicious Ice Cream, Mm, Soda 'Water - and, Mixed jjj:II: ' ' Drmfcs still lised. ;'fIll VV .1 m.m. liftduik ice cream:: (Made ,from Pure Cream) K-aenyerea lor norae whs,Fancy Jces for Parties :jjHIGH CLASS BOXCANDIES.For the BEST, S Us.aHI.ffFRANK RIIRTRNIr A t ix;v ' -Si , . a' '-i ' fawdn " Wi IS ' ' ' : ' -.. II31 1 ' fc Ig i t p Ijpfir.- tOA.'ZJUi&K&iVMrs. KomeloVer says' -7';'';TH d.,T. HINTO'N GO.'; t k f.' '- IIIhas the most complete stockfrom Which to get yourv Furniture, Rugs, Linoleums,Phongraphs and Wall Paperr.yyj and that they .save you'money. She wiH tell yousome more next issue. ' t-.k". S r,'-Hl A,hrm? ''-?." '..... - 3stfm' -i . . ... 3 -. . ; . . " . .-- Jr -. .- -.'- ' -. -:'i .:i't'. ' .- .. xi'iK. .-"?.J ' - &-&?& .'.!' f.". - i . ...' : . . i. .Nrie J. Ti Ml NTON CO;' i ......MOTOR HEARSEMOTOR INVALID COACHUNDERTAKING.-- BnDfttrfTVMJf tfi41 -i - fT1 " .wl i '' -' " KSfXTM Arvp MAIN SiTS4 uSt.iU1m"iiiS.'along tnatin?Jn'theutnre. V S I'TmSi'oy'fUna:S,' .21GESXXTHE BOUEBtir MEWS, PAHTS, KEHTUCXYFRIDAY, APRIL 11, 111, "nIamir "'""BUMPER. CROP- OF WINTERWHEAT FORECAST.Constipated (Children Gladly Take"California Syrup of Figs"For the -Liver and BowelsTell your druggist you want -genuine'California Syrup of Figs." Full directionsand dose for babies and children of all ages.who ..are constipated, bilious, feverish, tonguecoated, or full of xold, are plainly printed on!the bottle. Look :for the name "Californiaand accept no other "Fig Syrup.": LABOR PROVIDED BY ERECTION"OF CHURCHES.-. Nearly a million dollars will be- spent by the Methodist EpiscopalChuch, South, in the erection of- churches, schools and settlementLONG-WEARING SUESMEAN LI SHI 61"I have never been able o gefhalfthe service from other soles that I getfrom Neolin Soles," says H. H. Shel-lo-berger,a traveling salesman tofEaston, Pa.Long service from the -soles -means". lowered shoe costs, for that is whereshoes wear out quickest When -nextyou need new shoes buy them nvrithNeolinSoles. " You pay nomoreAhanfor shoes that give Jess -wear andyou can get them in .many styles Sxxmen, women, and children.Have these durable, comfortable.and waterproof soles put on your oldshoes, too- All good repair shopscarry them. They are made, scientifically, by The Goodyear Tire &Rubber Co, Akron, Ohio, who :alsomake Wingfoot Heels, 'guaranteed tdoutwjearall other heels..Heolm Soleshouses in the South during the nextfew months. This announcement wasmade at the office of the Board ofMissions of that denomination.Dr. O. E. Goddard, Secretary of theDepartment of Home Missions, statedthe money would be spent as follows:For foreigners in this country, $70,000; mountain work, $600,000; textile workers, $150,000; foreign population in New . Orleans, $116,000.The spending of this money on buildings in the South means work for laborers in many places. It will be thedirect result of the Centenary Campaign of the M. E. Church, South,the financial drive for which will beheld May 18-25.QIE I WERE A PARMERIf I were a farmer I would keep athand a few reliable medicines forminor ailments that are not so serious as to require the attention of aphysician, such as Chamberlain'sColic and Diarrhoea Remedy forbowel complaints.Chamberlain's Liniment for sprainsand bruises and rheumatic pains.Chamberlain's Tablets for stomachtroubles, biliousness and constipation. ". By having-these articles at hand itwould often save the trouble of a tripto town in the busiest season or inthe night, and would enable me totreat slight ailments as soon as theyappear, and thereby avoid the moreserious diseases that so often follow.(adv-april)The largest crop of winter wheatever grown was forecast for thisyear by the Department of AgricuKture basing its estimate on conditionsexisting April 1. The enormousyield of 837,000,000 bushels was announced, which at the Government'sguaranteed price of $2.26x a bushelplaces the crop's value at $1,891,620,000. . This winter's winter wheat crop? ifno unfavorable conditions developbetween now and the time of harvest,will be 152,000,000 "bushels largerthan the previous record crop produced in 1914, and 248,000,000bushels more than was grown lastyear,.The condition of the crop April 1was 99.8 per cent, of a normal.Production of winter wheat lastyear was 558,449,000 bushels, and in1917 it was 412,9D1,000 bushels,while the record crop of 684,990,000bushels was produced "in 1914.The condition of the crop on April1 last year was 78.6 -per cent, of anormal, while in 1917 it was '63.4and the average of the last ten yearswas 82.3. -oEOR BniOTTSNESSAND HEADACHETAKE A CALOTABThe New Nausealess Calomel That IsEntirely Purified of All of the. Nauseating and Saliviating Effects.THE MOSTDANGEROUS DISEASENo otgac of the humax. ibody are .-soimportant to Jiealtfc and lonar life as CheIcidneys. When they slow up and ceinvme iice to 2ir in their' duties, look oair!Kind out vrhat the trouble us withcoitdelay. WJien.ever 3Tou fe31 nervovs,weak, dizsy, suffer :from slc-eplessneu-3,or have n&i&s in tjhe back wake qpat e-wce. 5cftfjor kidney need help. Theseare aisrns Ms .warn yoi that your kidneys are not performing: tbsir fune-jtiotifi oronerJwi Ttiev are eniy nanGet some GOLD MEDAL. HaaxJem -Oil(Capsules at once. They Are an old, triedprsssration used all orjsr the world forcenturies. They contain only otd-faefc-ioned,soothing oils combined withstrength-giving1 and system-cleansingherbs, well known and used by physicians in their daily practice. OOLDMEDAL. Haarlem Oil Capsules are imported .direct from the laboratories inHolland. They are contenient to tai&e.domjr iLir 'W.crlc and ,aTe allowing im-j.and vwl either give prompt relf orpurities to aocmnuiateand oe .conven-srour urne,y win us rciumuou. asa wiea Into acid an other .poisons, g ahem at any drug store, tout be su: towhih are -causing you distress and will 5 get the original imported GOLDAttrav vmi unless fluey are driven j 3fEDAL brand. Accept ko substitute.youfrom your system..I En sealed packages.!VWVThree sizes.Dry Cleaning and DyeingCLOTHING, DRAPERIES,. :FURS, ETC:Send Via Parcel PostSWISS CLEANERS AND DYERS617 FOURTH AVE. LOUISVILLE, KY.Known all over AmericaDo you ever Tiave a bad taste inyour mouth in the morning, heavybreath, coated . tongue, headache, indigestion, nervousness, with a letdown feeling? You need calomel, butdread to take it. Try Calotabs, thenausealess calomel that is delightfulin effect. It is calomel with all ofits benfits retained and its unpleasant qualities removed. One tablet atTbedtime with a swallow of water,that's all. No taste, no griping, nosalts, nor nausea. You wake up inthe morning feeling like a two-yearold, bright, cheerful, energetic andwith 'a "hearty appetite for breakfast.Eat wliat you please no danger ofsalivation. Calotabs are so entirelydelightful to take and so pleasant ineffect that your druggist offers to refund the price as a guarantee thatyou will be delighted with Calotabs.For your protection Calotabs aresold in original sealed packages,price thirty-five cents. At drug storeseverywhere.(adv)T?ET JACKSmEADY.HOW CAN YOU TELL YOURFAVORITE TOBACCO?sAs Plain as the Nose on YourFace Just Smell ItSmokers do not have to put tobaccoin .their pipes, to'find out if they like it.They, can just rub the tobacco betweenthe palms of- their hands and smell ft.The nose is an infallible guide to smoking enjoyment.All smoking tobaccos employ someflavoring "to improve the flavour andburning 'qualities of the leaves", toquote the Encyclopaedia Britahnica.Naturally, there is considerable difference in the kind of flavorings used, andthe nose quickly detects this difference.TUXEDO Tobacco uses the purest,most wholesome, and delicious of allflavorings chocolate. And the almostuniversaMiking for chocolate in a greatmeasure 'explains the widespread popularity of TJJXEDO Tobacco.Garefully aged, old Burley tobacco,plus a dash of pure chocolate, givesTUXEDO Tobacco a pure fragranceyour nose can quickly distinguish fromany other tobacco. Try it and eee.GERMAN ARMY STILL IN CONSIDERABLE FORCE.The hreeders of jacks are encouraged T)y the ready sale of good bonedmules. They should also be encouraged by the recent action of the Kentucky State Fair Board when it allowed extra prize money for six newrings for jacks and jennets. Thisaction was taken at the request ofthe jack breeders Of 'the State whohad raised $175 for additionalprizes at the 1919 show. This bringsthe total prize money for jacks andjennets to ?930.Every farm paper is urging betterbrood mares on the 'farms to rear"better mules. Fine mules are siredhy splendid jacks and-nothing can domore to improve the jack stock inKentucky than a big-exhibition of animal at the State Fair next autumn.. WHOOPING TfOUGH.WASHINGTON, April 10. Figureson the latest status of themilitaryforces in Europe, Gen. March announced Saturday show that the armies in the Central Powers, as noworganized, constitute about 15 percent, pf their strength when the armistice was signed, while the lAlliedfprces still organized comprise 75per cent. of their total strength onNovember 11.Official dispatches show the aggregate strength of the Central Powersnow as 1,125,000 men, against theircombined strength in November lastof 7,630,000 men. The Allied armiesin November totaled 13,663,000, ofwhich only 25 per cent, have beendemobilized, leaving a force of nowmore than 10,000,000.The German army, estimated officially at 4,500,000 on November 11,has been reduced to 820,000; theBulgarian army has dropped from500,000 to 129,000; the Austrianfrom 2,230,000 to about 60,000, andthe Turkish from 400,000 to less than20,000.The strength of the American armyon April 5 was estimated at 2,055,718. This represents, Gen. Marchsaid, a. .demobilization of 44per cent, of the enlisted and 48 percent, of the commissioned personnel.Demobilization of the Americanarmy including incomplete reports toApril 5, 'has reached a total of1,624,171, of whom 91,674 were officers. Troops ordered for demobilization total 1,836,500.oGive "Chamberlain's Gough Remedyto keep -the cough coose and expectoration easy. It is execellent.(adv-april)For influenza!For inflwenza and after effects,use K. XT. Tablets. They 'build upyour aerves and stomach.; rid theystem of all .aches, pains and tiredfeeliatga They restore vigor andvim. They are fine for headacheand rheumatism. "The contents of K.TJ. Tablets .are used' by all of the bestphysicians of the .country.Don't be without them im. yourhojme. Once tried they are alwaysused. They are put up in l0c -and25c boxes and are for sale by alldruggists and groceries.Distributed hy theZ. IT. CHEMICAL CO..5 McClelland Building,7feb-3mos) Lexington, Ky.es:I EverybodyTakes CascaretsOnly 10 cents H Harmlesscathartic for sluggishliver and bowels'BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBiBBBflLOOK-SPRING IS HERE-SAVEBOY DIRECT FRQM MANUFACTURERSMausoleums, Monuments, MarkersCUT STONE, INTERIOR MARBLEa 9Fviistal tr kstalled.Feel bully! Cheer up Take Cascarets to liven your liver and cleanthe bowels and stop headaches, biliousness, bad breath, coated tongue,sallowness, sour stomach and gases.To-night take Cascarets and enjoythe nicest, gentlest "liver andbowel cleansing you ever experienced. Wake up feeling grand. Everybody's doing it. Cascarets best laxative for children. They gladly takethis pleasant candy cathartic becauseit never gripes or sickens like otherthings.' " ' (adv)oLOWER 3PBICES EOR CLOTHING-No decrease in the prices of medium and better grade clothing andpossibly a moderate reduction inlower grades containing reworkedwool (shoddy) and cotton, that isthe prospect for the fall and winterof 1919. JThis statement was given out officially at Chicago as reDresentine- thpopinion' of members of the NationalAssociation of Retail Colthiers andthe National Association of Clothingmuuiuacturers wno met there to consider the. situation.The basis of the situation, lies incontinued high prices for raw material and labor, it was said by thedelegates through their spokesman,L. C. King, of Chicago.o .iFOR BILIOUS TROUBLES'To promote a healthy action of theliver and correct the disorders caused by biliousness, Chamberlain'sTablets are excellent. Try them, andsee how quickly they give you a relish for your, food." and banish thatdull and stupied. feeling.r " (adv-april)1 MfUtkyUc Mai..........A'......!....Om rertattoe wffl to ia ymr ? tfktHj. Dn g arm ior appnatiMt TmT all m y wk tnU HeUI krPb to under s ttifaOM.WMnnrTpAY.Ptter-Bvghard Stone Company, In&jm c cr13TH-MTH ONMMkrAPLSStow, Hfv "i w. jcmaoofiinterurban; sckedtoeCARS IiEAVBLexington ForA. U, 6.00x ,.AT M. 7:20A, M. 8:50Ai.M. .10:2UA.-M. 11.501:2,02V2:T0"4:206:007:2u9.;X.011:00P.'M.P: M.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.Paris ForLexdnetoivA. M.,,fr;47A. M. 7:15xA,,M. 8:15;A.-M. 9.45,A. M. 11:15P M-.-12r45U., M. 2:153:455:156:.508:1510:05P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.(x) Daily except Sunday.Look for Hr lD seaIcdthe HB'HHH packages.WWpYS-rr K Hc!ps appetitejj mg v Three flavors. Sjurcinot enough to makeWR.GLEYS good, wemust KEEP it good untilyou get it.Hence the sealed packageImpurity-proof guardingpreserving the de'Jcious contents the beneficial goody.The Flavor LastsW SEALED TIGHT J3B8J, KEPT RIGHT ,PJINilifmifillffnilfllHimflMimHUNEIUimmHIlllHUminHHHlIIKHUlIIfHIiHlIXsBXiGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and PItasant Streets, Paris, Ky.yi' ' I ,? - TKHereVthe big work, Ktdecost tractor the' rrHE Titan 10-20 has been on the market for; Jk years, and has made good without reservation.j 10 horsepower at the draw bar 20 horsepowerat the belt. "A well-balanced tractor tho-; i;fwi 4 n -,power work. It drives easily, anordsmajomum pulling power for its weight, and is suited in every way tothe general run of farm work. Nnf tnn larer f- .-r small farm, vet laree enoucrh tn fianHi o" rrr-,- it:T , - - war- ' -- -. &ivi. TV41UUB, oi wurK.hjVJ-rI itUse it with an Oliver PlowWe recommend that vou use an Oliver Wlrrar mivyour Titan tractor because it means the beat plowingunder all. conditions. The combined rolling coulterand jointer buries all trash and weeds at the bottomof the fiirrow; the stop device maintains an even depthof furrow; the plow points enter and leave the groundfirst, making it possible to plow clear to thends of thefield; tand,the trip rope control operates easily fromthe driver's seat on the tractor.We have a full line of Oliver plows as well as the.Titan 'tractor here at our talesrbom.f.-. & BALL GARAGEf ' ft i "5BBBBHkvoCTzjv!T v!BBBBBBEVBHiiV.ILOUISVILLE, KY.-mmmmmj:IPP?PKY raAOTION TER,(raar28-tf)'j0pJ.'-v"' vvjaxax -... J- - r m1-r'tt - r'.riXi fc.s -l r-rr r:t- - T -I51IDAY, APRIL 11, 111$.THE "BOTOBOg' NEWS. PA3gS; .JPHOTCkY?91..- tr)likl'lf.JfrM21 -51TheKentuckyMansfieldLead and ZincSyndicateExact reproductions othe checks received byone o the stockholdersare here shown.Louisville, Kentucky,.1912. no. 30 To oc oo o .ooo oBOjO.Louisville, Ky.34K 7tt rf ORDER OFo o o o ow ,0 Vljyi.$Mk 1Louisville Mansfield Lead and Zinc Co., Inc.,409 Starks Bldg., Louisville, Ky.Inclosed find my check for inpayment for shares of stock inthe Louisville Mansfield Lead and Zinc Company.t .Kentucky Mansfield Lead 4 Zinc Syndicate.COLLARS2In January3In February3In MarchLouisville, Kentucky,..1 V -, . T1912. an -si,No. 81 QLouisville, Ky.fflProgtg: oftetfioF q$.w-,p Jk- av-2ooo&JhM4tojijfaDollarsas k o o a oo Katatir Hamfild Lefiiol 2iie Svidfcili.'.41 . .w f 1VwJVVVVAA.jILWJ-. LJr -Jl A A j " a Tsa si ss ITY.Louisville, Kentucky,.tfr rv s21-51n. 1127Louisville, Ky.V 70 77T ORDER 6FUJJLJ&&.tcG&sru&ifeKuttckj Muileld Li4 Ilic Sjidlettt.y-h!JjfDoCOiRSTrMturcrWhat The One Is Doingr"WlThe Other Should Do And MoreOfficers and DirectorsOf The Two CompaniesLargely The SameQet this straightthere are twocompanies! The one is the KentuckyMansfield Lead and Zinc Syndicate, and theother is the Louisville Mansfield Lead andZinc Company. It is the success of the Ibrmer that has led to the organ iza'tion of the latter to do just what the former is alreadydoing but' on a larger scale. The officers anddirectors of the two companies are verylargely the same.It Is The Record Of The OneThat Makes The OtherSo PromisingThe Kentucky Mansfield Lead andZinc Syndicate is already in operationand is already paying dividends. It paid amonthly dividend of 2 in JanuarVj 3 inFebruary and dividend checks of 3 are nowgoing out for March. The Louisville Mansfield Lead and Zinc Company's holdings are inthe same territory, are larger, will be operatedin the same manner and should pay evenlarger dividends. tOFFICERS:T. M. Crutcher, President.T. T. Beeler, Vice Pres. ,NatC. Cureton, Secretary.W. E. Newbold, Treasurer.Certificate of Assay"The entire sample used for assay. ' Fairly, soft native rock and an easy milling ore, breaking clean' whichshould give a high recovery. Sample accompanied byaffidavit as to sample."The above report was made by W. P. Taylor, thechemist, from samples taken by J. R. Sandage in thepresence of Mr. C. O. Storm, Mrs. J. S. Long and Mrs.J. H. Havens, who swear to the taking of these sampleson the property of the Mansfield Mining and DevelopingCompany, before Joseph R. Pile, a Notary Public, ofJoplin, Missouri.rImportant NoticePrice Will Advance to $1.50i a Share Saturday, April 19thAct Now! Send Your Order At Once ForStock In The Louisville Mansfield Lead andZinc Company. Price Now $1.00 A Share!Will Advance To $1.50 A Share Saturday,i JtXptU. i7lHt Id'ansMit'iNeovtpoftATcaStock Nowr-c f-$?sfA ShareThe Louisville Mansfield LeadftadZinc Company is eapitalip(FalPwO,1-OOO.dG--at $1.00 a share, fully paid upjand nonassessable. A very large part o$ this has already been subscribed indeed, the companyis fully organized and is already sinking' thefirst shaft for the first mill 'on one of the-fourtracts (of 40 acres each) on which it holds theleases.These- holdings of the . LouisvilleMansfield Lead and Zinc Company areat Mansfield, Missouri, where the MotherLode of the famous Ozark district comesnearest the surface. The 40-acre tract onwhich the sinking of the first sKaft Has aMjJMtfLybtgiin is immediately adjoining tjk Jr tKentucky Mansfield Lead and Zinc-Syndkaic.409 Starks Bldg.nun409 Starks N.i - .f ,01 RECTORS:J C. Mahon.Vy"B. Newbold.'at C. CuretonT. M. Crutcher.T. T. Beeler.fACJEDRUfe-'Wii . ..."n.P1GE EIGHTTHE BOTOBON HEWS.PAMS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, APRIL 11, im4u. -i . i-r- ,-JUfaTHE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMOADMISSION .,Adults Ticket J 8c; War Tax 2c-:20cChildren Ticket 9c; War Tax 1 c-1 0cTO-DAY FRIDAYTO-MORROW, SATURDAYjMONDAY, APRIL 14thBig Double Program'C2!4II-.JJ'UPV:r..'Dorothy' Daltonp .INr"QUICKSANDS"It is seldom that a woman combines intuition and commonsense, but when she does, crooked ways are -made straight andthe tangles of fate are unraveled.fEARL WHITE in "The Ligntning Raider"and Hearst News,Madge KennedyIN"DAY DREAMS"Sweet Sixteen and her quest of love and romance.SMILING BILL, IARS0NSin "THE BIG IDEA" -and Current Events,'Thos, f-K I nee Presents . - ."The Midnight Patrol"v"The Midnight Patrol" is not a war picture "It is a stirringstory of love, lawlessness and intrigue in which the honesty andvalor of the American policeman plays a prominent part.,iPauline Frederickin "BELLA DONNA"And a Paramount - Senhett Comedy"HIDE & SEEK, DETECTIVES"$.X.3" irm mia i(hiMILLERSBURG&-..t -Born, del" Sunday, to Mr. andrg'W. C. Crouch., a daughter.-4-Mrs. G. W. Bramblett is confinedJier home with, rheumatism.ajU-yG-oody Goody raisins at Cald--"elisfor 15c per package. (it)Tt - Mr. D. L. Leggett went to CarlsI'jliaul Springs, at Dry Ridge, where he-rj&-taking the Keely treatment.Mr. Roy Endicott, of Cincinnati,f'p. was here on business Sundayand.Monday. ,. Don't forget the 'Taggart Tlagsland the 10c pork and beans at Caldpfrell's. (It).dk Union, services will be held tih? Presbyterian church in Millersjburg next Sunday, evening, conducted 'by Rev. W. W. Morton., Rev. and Mrs. J. D. Redd have 'lino-yed to a part of the home of Mrs. II4ij.ce H. Miller, from that of Mrs. 1-r -r-r IiM.ary u. Munman.Z-NOTICE Dr. D. C. Patterson,of Gynthianafc has arranged to be atj'Mrs. Rigdon's boarding house injMiJJersb,urg, Wednesday, and Thurs-Say of v-ech. week for the convenience$. nis patients. (8-tf)i J - -A committee selected from the'piUersburg ch.urch.es took a membership census to ascertain the number7'o'f members in each, church. The folItlpwing report has been made: Meth-dlst, 145'; Christian, 175; Presby-v'.trikn 58: Rantisr. 42In another -part of this columnappears an omciai order from, the- Vftayor notifying housekeepers and'tiperty-owners to observe April 16as "Clean-up-Day." All are notifiedto see that their premises are put insanitary condition on- that day.Now is the time to purchaseyour onion sets. We have a few left,and are closing them out at thirtyfive "and fifty cents per gallon. Wewill have -no more when these aregone.(It) R. M. CALDWELL.The following from Millersburgattended the Efficiency Institute andmissionary meeting held - at Paris,Wednesday: Mrs. Oscan M. Johnson,Mrs. A. S. Miller, Mrs. G. W. Judy,Mrs. T. D. Judy, Mrs John Marr, Mrs.M. Grimes, Mrs. O. E. Hurst, Mrs.Mollie Burroughs and Miss FannieBurroughsMiss Mary Dan Harbison andbrother, Capt. Dan Harbison, bothsweet-voiced vocalists, will give aconcert in the auditorium of 'the Millersburg College on Saturday evening, April 25. The proceeds of theentertainment will be applied to thebenefit of the Pastor's Aid Society ofthe Presbyterian church.NOTICE TO RESIDENTS. Ithas been officially ordered that April16 is designated as cleaning up day.All housekeepers and property owners must see that their premises areput in sanitary condition.C. BRUCE SMITH, Health Officer.W. D. WADELL, Mayor.Mr. and Mrs. A. T. Maffett entertained Tuesday with a dining, theoccasion being the seventy-ninthbirthday of her father, Mr. J. S.Clarke. The following were present:Mr. and Mrs. J. S. Clarke, MissesNannie and Edna Clark, Mr. D. E.Clarke and family, Mr. and Mrs. W.C. Leer, Mr. and Mrs. F. B. Ingelsand Miss Lula Graves, the latter "of!- Blue Grass Oil Exchange(Incorporated)Kentucky Oil Securities bought andsold at Open Call Sessions everyWednesday . 8:00 p. m.Saturday . . 4:00 p. m.Saturday . . 8:00 p. m.Oris Sale Wfdntsday. Two Sales Saturday.418 MAIN STREETCumb. Phone 313 Next to N. Krlenerr-jFleming county, who is also a guestof Mrs. Maffott.The Millersburg . LorieniettoClub will render the following program at the meeting to be held tomorrow, Saturday, 12:- "Psychological Effecets of The War," "CurrentEvents," "Persons in the Foreground;" Miss Clarke music; Mrs.Carlton Ball; "Science and Discernery," Mrs. Hunter; "ParliamentaryLaw," Mrs. Martin; Hostess, MissBall.Mr. S. M. Allen, Cashier of -theFarmers Bank, is in receipt of a letter from the Postofflce Department,at Washington, D. C, to the effectthat the Government h'as acceptedthe terms for the remodeling -of thepostofflce building, and 'enlarging- it,which is the property, of the Farmers Bank. The contract for the newbuilding will be let as soon as posisible, and work will be rushed speedily. The postofflce will be moved tothe Ingels property, occupied by thenffipp nf Mr TV T1 P.larkft. Thfi nflftr.ftI will return to the pld building it ocjcupied for many years. There hasbeen three buildings on the site occupied by the postofflce: Two ofthem were destroyed by lire. Untilthe last few years the postofflce occupied this site for. more than a halfcentury. During the time' when Mr.R. B. Boulden was P. M. the FarmersBank purchased, what was known asthe Smith corner. The building wasremodeled, the bank occupying thecorner portion of it, while the lowerpart of the ground floor is occupiedby the postofflce. This is the mostcommodious office that -Millersburg;has had. At the time the offlce wasmoved into the building it wasthought to be large enough for .allpurposes, but it has grown too small.Some time ago the postofflce department announced that it would haxto have more floor "Space. When tfygnew offlce is completed it will bpconvenient in every particular, anda credit to to a town larger thanMillersburg. The Farmer -Bank pro:poses sparing no expense that willmake this building what it should be.The bank itself will also undergomany changes and will .'be. muchlarger when finished. The "buildingwill be one of the most attractive inCentral Kentucky, which' is due tothe enterprising Cashier, S- M. Allen,and no less enterprising . president,W. D. Mclntyre, who is one of hebest, financiers in Central Kentucky,These two men are indee4 two livewires, and are doing much, to makea greater Millersburg.JWA , . ' '-V --' 'JV ' " "it ' j .Lee-Eent1 xiH'ij'v '' '. ; ..H , ;i . . 5 E t -:-.' i'STUARTW' Y,i"I 'LI:i --e-S- r,niri li.JWvDEATHS. 2.BROWN.Mrs. Fannie Graves Brown, aeedthirty, wife of Mr. Norman Brown,editor, of the Georgetown News, diedat her home in Georgetown, Wednesday night. She is survived by twolittle children: Her new-born babyalso died"" at the same time.. . . irstjfThe late Gano Ammerman, a prominent banker, of Cynthiana- was xbrother. . ,,Funeral services 'were, held Tuesday afternoon at three . o'clock atthe residence of Mr. Ammerman, onthe Lair pike, conducted 'by Rev JD. Armistead. The burial followedin Battle Grove Cemetery, in Cyn-,thiana. .The pall-bearers were hernephews, Frank Courtney, H CCourtney, Gano Courtney, j. e Ammerman and Withers Ammerman.DYKES..The funeral of Mr. TheudasDykes, aged eighty-one, who died atthe home of his daughter.Mrs. ' CM. Brown,- on Clifton avenue, in thiscity, Wednesday afternoon, of a complication of diseases, will be held atthe family residence at one "o'clockthis (Friday) afternoon, with services conducted by RevW: E, Ellispastor of the Paris Christian church:The body will- be taken to Clarkcounty for interment in the oldfamily burying ground near Boonesboro. The pall-bearers will be: Honorary John J. Christman, Chasn E.Myers, Perry J. McCord, Jos. H.Hilton, Thos. W. Maher, Samuel T.Chipley; ActiveT-Strother S. Parks,Clarence N. Thompson, Carlisle B.Watson, Jas. F. Farris, Chas. C.Quisenberry, Roy H. Funk.Mr. Dykes had been a resident" ofClark .county aH his life, having beenengaged in farming within about amile of Boonseboro until the deathof his, -wife, whjch occurred aboutelevenyears ago. Since that time hehas made his home with his children,and in the last years of his life withhis daughter, Mrs. C. M. Brown, whoresides on Clifton avenue, in thiscity. He was a man of the highestcharacter, well-thought of-by all whoknew him and bearing an unsmirched reputation among his neighborsand in his community, for honor andintegrity. He was well acquaintedwith, the' history of the county, theState and the Nation, and delightedin recalling incidents that bore "aprominent part in history.Mr. Dykes is survived . by threedaughters, Mrs. C. -M.- Brown, ofParis; Mrs. A. J. Lyon, of Winchester and Mrs. Dora Elkin, of Nashville,, Tenn., two sons, Mr. J. T.Dykes, of Winchester; and .City Collector. Jesse .Dykes, of Richmond,nineteen grandchildren and: fourteengreat grandchildren.MATRIMONIAL.At marriage license was issuedWednesday from the offlce of CountyClerk Pearce Pa ton to Mr. Leslie B.Fitzpatrick, carpenter, and Miss Lettie ayne, both of Paris.ERWIN KELLER.! Mr. Newsum Keller, son of ,Dr.and Mrs. A. H. Keller, of this city,and' Miss Norma Erwin, of WichitaFalls, Texas, were married in 'the latI ter city on Sunday, March 31, according to information received in aletter by Dr. Keller. They will reside in Dallas, Texas, where Mr. Keller has a responsible position astraveling auditor with the Texas Pacific Railway.Mr. Keller went to Texas someweeks ago, after he had received hishonorable discharge from the armyservice, and engaged in the oil business at Ranger, Texas, with hisbrpther, Mr. George Keller, who hasextensive oil holdings in that vicinity. Later on he accepted the position with the railway company, andconcluded that a life of single cussedness had been endured by him longenough, took a handsome and attractive life partner in'thB person of thethen Miss Erwin. THE NEWS extends congratulations.MASTERSON REED.. Miss Mary Masterson, aged sixteen, daughter of Mrs. Mary Masterson,' of this city, and Mr. William L.Reed, aged twenty-one, son of Wm.L. Reed, a weajthy tobacco dealer ofCarlisle, eloped from Paris Sundavlafternoon, and were married in Jeff-ersonvnie, maiana, Mo-naay.The- young couple left Paris Sunday afternoon ostensibly for the purpose of attending a motion' pictureshow in Lexington, but a few hourslater phoned the girl's mother thatthey were married. Mrs. Mastersoncalled up the Fayette County Clerk inLexington, "and Teceived a reply tothe effect that no marriage licensehad been issued, from that offlce tothe couple. Becoming alarmed, Mrs.Masterson appealed to the authorities here, who were unabte to findany traces of them. The young people returned, to Paris Tuesday night,following-their marriage in the Indiana Gretna Green, received "themother's forgiveness, and partook ofa belated wedding supper. The onlyobjection to the marriage was theyouth of the bride, who is barelysixteen, and small for her age.INSURANCE.Fire, Tornado, Lightning,Automobile and Hail.YERKES & PEED.(jan24-tf)MOORE. . " - ' -The funeral of Mr. James Moore,aged about seventy years, who diedsuddenly 'at his home in -Winchester,Monday, was ' held in Winchester,Wednesday, with services conductedat the gi-aveside in the WinchesterCemetery. " "Mr. Moore was a native of .Bourboncounty, and was a son of the lateRev. J. S. .Moore, of North Middletown, and a brother of the late Mr.George S. Moore, Who for manyyears conducted, a book store in thiscity. He was an uncle of Mrst HenryL. Terrill, -Mrs. T. M. .Quisenberryand Misses Ardelle and Sena Rion,all of Paris. He is survived by hiswife, one brother, and, two sisters.rSTARKS.. Mrs. John P. Starks, ' of" Louisville, who died on Tuesday of pneumonia, "formerly lived, in Lexington,Her husband was engaged in businesswith his brother, Isaac Starks. Shewas before her marriage, Miss UallieCannon, the' daughter of the lateJudge John W. Cannon, of Frankfort,and was well known in Paris. Mrs.Staks had taken an aevtie interestin church, club and charity swork inLouisville. She was .for several yearsthe treasurer of the Children's FreeHospital and identified with the Warren Memorial church and Red Cross.Besides her husband she is survivedby two brothers, Frank "Canrion, of.Louisville, and William Cannon,, ofWoodford, county. , , '-,if, SCHNETZER.fc Mrs. Maggie Schnetzer, died ather home near Centeryille, -thiscounty, Sunday night, of tuberculosis. She was a daughter of the late;uaniek ajia rjuzuueiu ianuicrjnan.Sh'e is'survived-Dyone son Mr. ElmerSchnetzer, and three brothers, "P.. C.Ammerman. of Harrison county.'Frank Ammer.man,, of Georgetown,andean .Ammermaiu,. oi. maiajna.Bay Tour Spring FootwearTo-Morrow (Saturday)Our Stock isNow Completefc&fi- in Every DetailWe Offer the Newest Fashionsin Spring FootwearThe most stylish creations, the smartest designs in the best quality and..w..U,C7llip inn vhti-tivcrI ' -r --- -Men's, Women'sand Children'sShoes, Oxfordsand Pumpsat Drlroc f-f-isf- -Mzgr not possibly beimplicated.. i i tm mi iqja,7 Y XXziF&jr Mws&sg' y y)sy .otr' . fvj? i- JKIf1 ,. -iiU&mtt? Z'siYour Personal InspectionS4-V WV.V4rwirt assure your appreciation of thebig savings permit,ted by our systemof merchandising.2M-jCri.DAN COHENWhere Beauty and Economy ReignParis' Greatest Shoe Store?' Vt t . '"i "- rar '& -. - v ' V v. -'?.t., ., ..'" -.v -c