t ' viter )THE. ;T-v"!vr-:fA-PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FR1TUY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JULY 25, 1919BOURBONNEWSFAUX) AT WORK ON THE NEWDAM FOR PARIS."Have you been down to &ee tiework on the new dam?" is now theleading question of the hour and day..Work is progressing as fast as circumstances will permit. A largeforce of men are engaged in clearingaway the debris, mud, dirtand rockfrom the bed of the old mill pool,which has been pumped out readyfor the work. The work of drillingis being done by hand, the steamdrills that were ordered for the purpose not having arrived.There has been much speculationas to the design and dimensions ofthe new structure, so that the following data has been given, out forthe information of the public: Whenthe preliminary work has been completed the solid rock will be excavated to a depth of twelve inches, toserve as a foundation for the damproper. The dam will be eighteenfeet at the base, with an additionalexcavation of a three-foot channelin the solid rock, extending lengthwise in order to prevent any penetration of water beneath the structure. The face or upper side of thedam, will be vertical, the lower sidebeing concave, rounding at the topto twelve inches. The extreme heightwill be approximately nineteen feetabove the solid rock. The dam willhe built in four sections, having construction joints at intervals of thirty-twofeet. The dam will be located with reference to the old damin close proximity to the east end,the end next to the plant of the ParisMilling Co., but the west end will bedown the stream a distance of fortyseven feet from the old dam.oIRS E. M. DICKSON SIJGHTLY.lftCJRED IN AUTO ACCIDENTMrs. E. M. Dickson was slightly injured and Mr. Dickson considerablyshaken up as the result of an automobile accident which occurred onthe Cynthiana pike, near the residence of Mr. Miller Ward, Wednesday afternoon.The machine in which Mr. and: Irs. Dickson were riding was com-r..; g down the long hill near tfie Wardome, when a heavy loaded wagoncame into the turn which at thatK)int is very sharp. In endeavoringto avoid the wagon, -the machineswerved and ran into a deep gully afew leet from the wagon, then -a. telephone pole at the side of the road,'which stopped its further progress.Mr. and Mrs. Dickson were thrown tothe bottom of the car, Mrs. Dicksonreceiving slight bruises and abrasionsof the skin, but being otherwise unhurt. Mr. Dickson escaped with asevere shaking up. The car wasslightly damaged. The many friendsof Mr. and Mrs. Dickson were congratulating them yesterday on thenarrow escape from more serious injury. oA VOTE TOR BOSWORTH WILLMEAN MUCH TO THE DEMOCRATIC PARTYBLACK'S POLITICAL RECORD. 4M. M. Logan Issues Statement Charging Governor -Black With LoaningCaleb Powers $2,500.00 and Bolt-TEACHERS' INSTITUTE IN B0UR-.BON COUNTY FOR COLOREDTEACHERS.Beginning August 4, there will beCOndUCteii at fha XKTaatam TTIo-Tiing the Democratic Ticket, Fol- I School Building, Paris, Ky., a Teaohiinwrno HIS TWtaf kVvr AAvwiAr -in I1903.TO THE DEMOCRATS OP KENTUCKY; My attention, has been called toers Institute of some three or fourweeks.This course of instruction, underexperts, will be given free, with theexception of the Institute fee, to allI (teachers of the city of Paris, Bour-the fact that within the past few-rJl" I " "ty . ans'weeks, certain followers of Governor "u" tv 7 f T frmBlack, especially the small offlce hfvcltnd county may wishholding and office-seeking class are lF f thiS grGat "industriously circulating over the ,JL , s , , x AState several varieties of campaign e "J """J11 wi" begia at 9gossip, which they think win injure w't ! y' AUSUSt ' and W'"Chief Justice John D. Carroll, all of ! m, . . . ' , . Iwhich is untrue.One of the campaign stories incirculation is that Judge Carrollbolted Goebel. The facts in thiscase I am glad to give to the public.It will be remembered that severalyears before his race for the Governorship in 1899, William Goebel hadthe misfortune to kill a man namedJohn Sanford. Judge Carroll's wife,This will be the order each dayduring the sessions of the Institute!Experts in Primary teaching, iftschool and community games, in agriculture, in domestic science andart, and those experienced in allphases of educational work, will conduct the work of this Institute.The plan is to give the same character of work that teachers wouldreceive should they journey to someas i wpll lfnnwTi in Hpntral TTontucky, was a Miss Sanford, a cousin 'far off educional center, at a greatof the man slain by Goebel. Atthe election that year, Judge Carroll refrain from voting for Mr.Goebel, voting the remainder of theDemocratic ticket. He did not votefor Goebel's Republican opponent andhas never voted for a Republican inhis life. A few years later, withall the facts known, he was unani-expense.Through the generosity of Dr. F.C. Button, of the Department of Education, Frankfort, Ky., Dr. LewisB. Moore, Howard University. Wash-Jing4;on, D. C, and Supt. J. B. Cay,wood, Bourbon county, we are ableto offer this rare opportunity to theteachers of this section of the State.We feel that we may count onmmialv lofprl Armll5 t flniiT-t f!nmmissioner by a Democratic Court, i fvery cher; an.d. county whoIVote for Henry M. Bosworth forAuditor. He and his intimatefriends are workers at the polls at allregular elections. The party needsthese kind of men for their nominees.He will add strength to the ticket inNovember. He is efficient in officeand will make an official the peoplecan depend on. (22-3t)oROBBERY SUSPECT ARRESTEDHERE TAKEN TO RICHMONDJames Bennett, aged about twentythree years, was arrested at the Fordham Hotel, in this city by Patrolman Robert Lusk, on suspicion of being implicated in the recent robberyof the safe at the grocery of Mr. Tillord Burnett, on Winchester street.On being searched at the jail papers were found on 'his person showing that he was wanted in Richmondon a charge of burglary. The Richmond authorities were notified, and !Sheriff Whitlock, of Madison county,came to Paris and returned the-prisoner to Richmond. Bennett wasrecently indicted by the Madisongrand jury on the charge of breaking into the warehouse of the Kentucky Distilleries and Warehouse Co.,at Silver Creek, in Madison county,and taking a lot of whisky, which hesold. The alleged offense was committed over a year ago. Bennett leftthe county, and his whereabouts were-unknown until receipt of the information from Patrolman Lusk, in Paris.o-PAYING NO ATTENTION TO ORDINANCE. Although the ordinance prohibiting the pasting or tacking ot cardboard, paper or metal signs or advertising matter of any kind on the telephone and telegraph poles in thiscity, is still in effect, absolutely noattention is being paid to it, and violations are of daily occurrence.Placards setting forth the candidacyof various office seekers decorate theloles, while all kinds of advertisingsigns can be found on them also.. But "what good is an ordinance, wheniVis never enforced? x fWhen Judge Cantrill, who had triedthe assassins of Goebel, resigned asa member of the Court of Appeals onaccount of ill health he made a personal request of Gov. Beckham, Mr.Goebel's successor, that Judge Carroll be appointed in his place. Gov.Beckham complied with this requestand the Commission issued by him toJudge Carroll was delivered bythe Commonwealth's Attorney, R.B. Franklin, who had prosecuted theGoebel assassins. I might add thatJudge Carroll had no more enthusiastic supporters than the Hon. SouthTrimble, who was Speaker of theHouse when Goebel was declaredGovernor a-nd who was chasedthrough the streets of Frankfort bythe Taylor and Powers Army."In view of the circulation of thesereports, I deem it not improper thatthe Democrats of Kentucky should bemade acquainted -with the politicalrecord of Gov. James D. Black. It isa sad record, indeed. Black was acandidate for the Democratic nomination for Governor in 1900; hemade a creditable race, but was defeated by Governor Beckham. In1902, he again "shied his castor intothe ring," but in December of thatyear, in an impassioned card he withdrew from the race. The next wehear from him appears in the Courier-Journalof June 17, 1903, in thefollowing news item:"John A. Black, who secured thenomination for Treasurer, is also alawyer. He conies from Knoxcounty of the Eleventh District. He is a typical mountain manand speaks with.' the drawl of the menof that reerion. Mr. Black is abrother of James D. Black, who wasa candidate for the Democratic nomination 'for -Governor. Judge Blackis now a follower of the Republicanticket and was a delegate to the Convention." No denial "of the statement hasever been made, but in order toshow that the Courier-Journal reporter was correct, I refer you to aneditorial which appeared on July 21,1903, just four days after the Republican State Convention, in theSomerset Journal, which at that timewas the only Democratic paper published in Judge Black's Congressional District, edited by the lateF. J. Campbell. The editorial readsas follows:"Judge James D. Black is a late'flopper' into the Republican ranksand was a delegate to the LouisvilleConvention. He has always been amuch over-iated man", whose aspirations the Journal refused to support,on that account, and we are -glad ofit. The deadweights of the Democratic party, such as Beckner, Black,Owens, Sweeney Sharp, FrankBarbour and a few lesser lights havefinally lit into the Republican lankswhere they will soon kick, up a fussand further contribute to the disintegration of the G. O. P. With thehappy riddance we ought now tohave smooth sailing and peace, aswe imagine there was in the UpperRegions 'when the old scratch wascast out.' " .' From that time on Gov. Black wasnever heard of in the ranks of theDemocratic party until he was appointed as Assistant Attorney General by James Garnett, who is nowmanaging his campaign, in 1912.During the years of his politicalapostasy he made a loan of $2,500to Caleb Powers, then under indictment and three times convicted forthe murder of Gov. Goebel. CalebPowers, iimself, is my witness, andfor his testimony I refer the votersof Kentucky to a speech made by himin- Congress- on February 19, 1918, ahas not found it possible to go awayto Summer school this Summer, toenroll the first day to further prepare himself or herself to do moreeffective work as a teacher wherehe or she may labor.The sessions of the Institute arenot limited to teachers. Others, engaged in community and club workor any. other activities, may take advantage of the meetltfg. ;Remember there willrbe no .tuitioncharged; this institute is absolutelyfree to all. Each will be expected topay an institute fee of $2.00, whichentitles one to the entire sessionwithout further charge. Those whomay wish to attend that live too farto return .home each day, may secureboard and lodging in Paris at reasonable rates.For further information wcit:Supt. J. B. Caywood, Paris, Ky., orF. M. Wood, 401 Lilleston avenue,Paris, Ky., Director of the Institute.BEAUTIFUL PORCH FURNITURE,SUMMER NECESSITIES ATBIG REDUCTION.AUTO THIEVES BUSY. 'Rev. S. R. Hawkins,, who has beenconducting a revival meeting at theMt. Carmel Christian Church, in thiscounty, left his machine in a lot nearthe home of Mr. Ewalt Haley, whilehe went to the church on an errandof business. In his absence someone Temoved a tire from a wheel,stole another extra tire and all thetools from the tool box.At the same place last Sundaynight theives stole all the tools froman automobile belonging to Mr. Wm.Ewalt, of-Lair. The machine hadbeen left standing in the rear of thechurch, while Mr. Ewalt was attending the meeting.A car belonging to a Mr. Sutherland, of Fayette county, which hadbeen stolen from Blue Grass Park,near Lexington, was found here.The car was abandoned on the Humeand Bedford pike, near the intersection of that pike with the Maysville and Lexington pike by BudAdair and Elmer McGinnis. Mr.Sutherland was notified and came toParis and returned home in the car.Requisition papers for the returnto this State of Mrs. Frank Jonesand Harris Bailey, both cblored, weresecured by Chief of Police Link, who,accompanied byJVlr. Morris Stern,went to Chicago, Tuesday, to securethe prisoners. They were chargedwith stealing a Buick machine belonging to Mr. Stern, which theydrove to Cincinnati, then to Daytonand on to Chicago. Frank Jones, husband of the woman under arrest, wasalso implicated, but made his escape.A five-passenger Ford, belonging toMr. G. T. Mc'Cauley, of Cynthiana,was stolen from the Chautauquagrounds in that city, last week,while Mr. McCauley, and family wereattending the performance. The police arrested two negro boys charged -with taking Jthe machine for ajoy ride. They admitted theirguilt, it being their second offense.BUICK 1920 MODELSShow Marked Improvement In Refinement and Construction.Prices Announced.GET 'EM WHILE IT'S HOTGENUINE PALM BEACH SUITSGenuine Palm Beach Suits, ?lto $12.Straw Hats, $1 to $6.White Shoes, $2 to $5.Save money and keep cool.L. WOLLSTEIN,(8-tf) 619 Main Street)oINCREASE ON LAND TAXAll our summer goods at specialprices. We can save you money onporch furniture, oil stoves andovens, rugs, porch shades and allkinds of summer goods if you willbuy during July. Three large showrooms full to select from.E. M. WHEELER,(1-tf) Robneel Building.oSACKS.Grain Sicks for rent or sale.R. B. HUTCHCRAFT & CO.(julyl8-6t)ROAD FUNDS BASED ON FULLCOUNTY VALUATION.The entire property of a countywhich was listed for taxation shouldbe used in determining the amountthat the various counties are entitledto receive from the State rJads fund.This opinion was given RodmanWiley, Commissioner of Public JRoads,by Assistant Attorney General D. O.Myatt, in construing Section 435x-18of the Kentucky Statues. Commissioner Wiley wanted to know whether the assessed valuation of the pioperty of the various counties is to beconstrued as the valuation of theproperty listed for the purposes' ofState taxation, or whether it is confined to that class of property whichis subject to the county or local taxation. The purpose of the section, Myattsays, was to classify the variouscpunties of the State for the purposeof participating in the State roadsfund so as to assist the poorer counties in carrying on the road workupon the State aid plan.. WHEAT.Off grade and good wheatwanted.R. B. HUTCHCRAFT & CO.(julyl8-6t)copy of which will be found in theCongressional Record of that datewhich gives the name of Judge Jas.D. Black, of Barbourville, as one towhom Powers says he was indebtedin the sum of ?2,500. The Recordspeaks for itself.All these facts have been knownto us for some time. We have refrained from giving them to thepublic and would not do so now if itwere not for the desperate and unfair methods of his followers tobolster a dying cause-.(Signed)V 'M. M. LDGAN.( AdVertisemen'0)-The State Tax Commission atFrankfort has notified Mr. WalterClarke, Tax Commissioner of Bourbon county, that an increase of $10per tacre will be made on Bourboncounty lands for the 1920 tax assessment.With the announcement ofv ' ournew 1920 model "K" series, NsaysMr. C. S. Ball, local dealer, and themarked improvement in refinements,brings our new series before the buying public with an instant stamp ofapproval and invariably the expression is made, how such beautifultypes and thoroughly constructedmodels can be manufactured at theprices announced, with the highhigh cost of materials and labor entering into them.To still maintain the 1919 priceupon some models with only a 'slightincrease upon the coupe and sedans,coupled with increased quality andimprovements is the result of strongpurchasing power and careful consideration on the part of the BuickMotor Company. Prices instantlybecome a secondary consideration incomparison with the different models,as hundreds of these models have already been sold by dealers upon aslight unseen plan, buyers havingcomplete confidence in the Buick Motor Company to manufacture a seriesof models retaining the Buick highstandard of quality first, price later.True to all former policies andbacked by their integrity, "There isnot a single part entering into theconstruction of the 1920 Buick carthat is not as good as, or betterthan the same part used at any previous time," and further that the design has been improved and qualityelevated. These mo'del "K" seriesexcel in finish and all materials, in-cluding-'upholsteryand every component part that enters into their construction. It will be a pleasure for you to seethese new series inspect every detail, check over every improvementand part that has been employed intheir manufacture acquaint yourself with the method of painting, notethe" fenders, steering wheel, tops, upholstery, comfortable seats, newstyle windshields, improved top njffterials and inspect the "motor andchassis construction, see the staunchness of all improvements that thebest engineering talent in existencecan produce, combining power,speed, beauty, value and economy,thereby making the' Buick car a selected investment which commands!the attention of thousands of otherdiscriminating buyers and carefulobservers.The 'most difficult situation thatconfronts the prospective Buick purchaser is the matter of car deliveryILLITERACY CAMPAIGNIN BOURBON.OPJCJTSThe campaign for raising the sumof $500 as Bourbon county's quota.in the State-wide illiteracy move- 'ment, was inaugurated in this cityand county yesterday through theCity Federation of Clubs. Mrs. FraakP. Lowry, of Paris, is chairman forBourbon county in this campaign.Mrs. Lowry divided the city aacounty into districts, each having--chairman and assistants, im oritrthat a systematic campaign may bconducted and completed inN a fewdays. It is the purpose of the promotersof the plan, of whom Mrs. Cora Wilson Stewart is the leader, to ask thepeople of the Sfcte for the sum of$20,000, to be used for the, purpose oferadicating illiteracy in the Stateand bringing the old Commonwealthup to the standard in the matter ofeducation.The ladies representing the various clubs have beeny busily engagedin making their rounds, and. it is safeto say that the quota assigned to.Bourbon county will be raised in avery short time, as it is well knownthat Bourbon county has far exceeded its quota in every campaign inthe past.oCOMFORT, LUXURY, HEALTH, JTOBETTER REFRIGERATOR MADEThe New Iceberg Refrigeratorsaves ice. Special price atA. F. WHEELER & CO.,(27-tf) Opp. Court House.oHAIL INSURANCE.Insure yaur tebacce agataathall withYERKES PEED.Prompt and satisfactory adjustments. (june20-tf)for demands are increasing daily. forthese famous Valve-in-Head motorcars.TheN prices that hare been anannounced are as follows:Model "K" 44 $1,495.00(three-passenger Roadster)Model "K" 45 1,495.00(Pivelpassenger Touring).Model "K" 46 . .' 2,085.00(Touring Coupe)Model "K" 47 2,55.00(Five-passenger Touring Sedan)Model "K" 49 1J85.0&(Seven-passenger Touring Car)Model "K" 50 2,695.0ft(Seven-passenger Sedan)(25-lt)SATISFACTION IN CLOTHESCan Only Be Had When You Buy Your ClothingFrom a Dependable Store.BBMSMIiJViilliil!fllfl-Jap' w IwWwWMwvlMiiIi InllUBB:1 liyaaj yli liniMlIfm.i rmrmsi i t i us , ..wMmuwokfHfMfr F.izt'fnm . loi r MraHWfri"VTiMMKMWU -WTOiNHMrThe suits we sell are tailoredand made by the best tailors.Style,WorkmanshipandQualityCowrtehtriwUc$acl, trra & C,are to be found in Stein-Blochand Michael Sterns Clothes,whether for the young man orthe middle aged man.We can show you a vast assortment of colors and styles,and if you want service and satisfaction let your clothing comefrom our store.Summer Coatsand Trousersin Wool Crashss, Mohairs, PalmBeach and Kool Kloth$18 to $40ITCHELL & BLAKEMOREMStetson HatsNettleton ShotsDr. Reed's Cushion Sole ShoesManhattan ShirtslHhf AGE TWO'THE BOURBON NEWS. , "BASIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY. JULY 25, ltir.SHE BOURBON NEWSEttablished 188137 Years of Comtinuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayFr Year.. $2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Adavance.BWHT CHAMP. Editor and Owner.Ottered at the Paris, Kentucky.Foatofflce as Mall Matter of theSecond Claw.)Any erroneous reflection upon thekharaoter, standing or reputation ofGy pWson, firm or corporation whichSay appear in the columns of. THEUItBON NEWS will bd gladly corraaied if brought to attention of theftiltor.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, ?1.00 perImch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent Insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per linesjach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per liae, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candliates, obituaries and resolutions, andpimllar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertiseMents and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reseived(Jo decline any advertisement or otherjuatter for publication..Announcements for political officesust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.ANNOUNCEMENT.FOR REPRESENTATIVEWe- are authorized to announce3AS. H. THOMPSON, of Paris, as acandidate for the Democratic nomination for Representative from Bourbon County in the General Assembly of the Kentucky Legislature,subject to the action of the Democratic voters in the primary election,in August, 1919."We are authorized to announce N.A. MOORE of Paris, as a candidate3for fte Republican nomination forRepresentative from Bourbon CountyIn the -.General Assembly of the Kentv Iiy legislature.EOR CITY COUNCILMANtfPirst Ward-"Ve are authorized to announceJAMES H. MORELAND as a candidate 'for Councilman from the FirstWard, ,in the City of Paris, subjectto the-'action of the voters in theprimary election, August, 1919.We are authorized to announceN. FORD BRENT as" a candidate forCouncilman in the First Ward of theCity of Paris, Ky., subject to actionjf the Democratic party.We are authorized to announce J.J.-"WILLIAMS as a candidate forCouncilman in the First Ward ofthe ity of Paris, Ky., subject toaction of the Democratic party.tWe are authorized to announceTHOMAS KISER as a candidate forCouncilman in the First Ward of theCity of Paris, Ky., subject to actionof the Democratic party.,"Second WardWe are authorized to announceCATESBY SPEARS as a candidatefor Councilman in the Second Wardof the City of Paris, Ky., subject toactfec: of the Democratic party.We are authorized to announce EDBCRKE as a candidate for Council-man-inthe Second-Ward of the CityofPariSKy., subject to action of theIJfcmoer&tia party.A Wo'-are 'authorized to announceHUGH" BRENT as- a candidate forCouncilman in the Second Ward ofthe City of Paris, Ky., subject to theaction of the Democratic party.Third Ward.We are authorized to announceGEORGE DOYLE as a candidate forCouncilman in the Third Ward of theCity of Paris, Ky.,- subject to actionof the Democratic party.1BIT0BIAI. MUSINGS;Worth The Trouble.The other Sunday we took a walk,a,nd before going very far, we wereattracted by a crowd of people on acertain lawn, lined up in front of acamera. In the front row were several little tots and back of them, according to height were ranged largerboys and girls, young and middleaged men and women. In the centersat an old couple, all smiles, waitingt be snapped.We were in on the secret. Theelder young folks were the childrenof the old couple, while the littleones were the grandchildren. It wasjust a 'little family reunion. Buthow happy those old people werehappy and proud.As we continued our stroll wepassed a young couple and the fellow was chaufeuring a go-cart. Hedtd not see us. His eyes were allfor baby. All smiles smiles thatwouudn't come off.. Farther down we saw an oldercemyle sitting on their veranda.Children never had blessed theirheme. They sat there tired. Andit -was then we fell to philosophizing. - Theodore Roosevelt had been anardent advocate of large families,m frif CATiHrnpntal rpajsnns. hilton this occasion was purely of thehome. The -children are a source ofworry from the day of birth until thewedding day. knd where are founda number of children together weusually find quarrels. But after all,life is rather empty without themnow isn't it?When a young woman who hasloved the butterfly life becomes amother, we are told that it is goingto go hard with her, or else she willnot give her baby the proper care.But go into her home. Watch herwith that babe. Is she happy? Ourguess is "yes." Can a banquet or aball with all the attendant glitter,take for an instant the place of akiss on those baby lips (againstDoc's advice of course). Ask her.When we saw the childless couplewe did not feel that they deservedreproach only pity. And the othercouple with youth all around themhad all that might make life worththe living.Oddities of Oar Language.0A foreigner, visitor looking at apicture of a number of vessels, said:"See what a flock of ships!" He wastold that a number of ships assembled together was not called a "flock"but a "fleet."He might have been told also thata fleet of ships is called a flock, andfor his further guidance in mastering our language, it could have beenexplained that a flock of girls is called a bevy; that a bevy of wolves iscalled pack; that a pack of thievesis called a gang; that a gang ofangels is called a host; that a hostof porpoises is called a shoal; that ashoal of cattle -is called 4 herd; aherd of children is called a troop; atroop of partridges is a covey; acovey of beauties, -a galaxy;a galaxy of ruffians, a horde;a horde of rubbish, a heap;;a heap of oxen, a drove; adiove of blackbirds, a mob; a mob ofwhales, a school; a school of worshipers, a congregation, and a congregation of engineers, a corps.Force .Negro Bureau To CloseIn their efforts at "economy" andto try to make a record at retrenchment, Republicans in Congress haveabolished the only exclusively negrobureau that has ever existed in thehistory of the American Government. The bureau was the Division ofNegro Economics of the Departmentof Labor. The division was established early in 1918 and had as itshead Dr. George E. Haynes, of Tennessee. There were ten assistants andclerks in the Washington 'office andfield supervisors were in twelve orfourteen States, largely in the South.The division had supervision of practically all of the Department of Labor's work that affected the negro.Maintenance of the bureau lastyear cost only about $50,000. Senators Swanson, of Virginia, and McKeller, of Tennessee, Democrats,made a fight to continue the appropriation for the division, but the Republican majority in both branchesof Congress defeated the. measureand the bureau ceased to exist withthe beginning of the new fiscal year,July 1.The Universal Language." The real universal language, thermo fht is understood everywhere-.?TirtiTt cjnriv is the motion mcture.D1U1UUU wj -This has been demonstrated recently Iby a number of American exporter,tt-i nw nsinsr the movie for suchdifficult tasks as selling shoes toAsiatics, who always have gonebarefoot, and soap to natives wno regard water exclusively as a beverage. The movie does not enter easnyinto domestic trade, or even intotmriP between eaually civilized coun-?o -nut tp-Tip.ti it. p.omes to tradingwith the hinterland people of thetropics, who are just Decommg acquainted with modern conveniences,the movie is a boon.ort-oot Hiffinntt.v with Americantrade has encountered in foreigncountries is the cautious atiuuae oinativps toward a new proposition.For example, it is no easy matter toconvince the people of an maian village that an American chair is a desirable piece of furniture, me native sees chairs in process of construction from harmless pieces ofwood. He gets used to the idea or achair.o -LOSS OF APPETITE.As a general rule there is nothingserious about a loss of appetite, andif you skip a meal or only eat twomeals a day for -a few days you willsoon have a relish for your mealswhen meal time comes. Bear inmind that at least five hours shouldalways elapse between meals, so asto give the food ample tinie to digestand the stomach a period of rest before a second meal is taken. Then ifyou eat no more than you crave andtake a reasonable amount of outdoor exercise every day you will notneed to worry about your appetite.When the loss of appetite is causedby constipation, as is often the case,that should be corrected at once. Adose of Chamberlain's Tablets willdo it. (july-adv)-9During the French Revolution 18,602 persons were guillotined by sentence of the Revolutionary tribunal,of whom 13,623 were of plebian origin. The Cave of Winds is a suitablename for the Senate Chamber these- ' r i"FAKE" ASPIRIN '' WAS TALCUMTherefore insist Upon Genuine "Bayer Tabletsof Aspirin"-'Millions of fraudulent AspirinTablets were sold by a Brooklynmanufacturer, which later proved tobe composed mainly of Talcum Powder. "Bayer Tablets of 'Aspirin," thetrue, genuine, American made andAemircan owned Tablets are markedwith the safety "Bayer Cross."Ask for and then insist upon"Bayer Tablets of Aspirin" and always buy them in the original Bayerpackage which contains proper directions and dosage.Aspirin is the trade mark of BayerManufacturer of Monoaceticacidesterof Salicylicocid. (adv-tf-F)ENORMOUS AMOUNTS OF FOOD INCOLD STORAGE.In a report issued officials of theIllinois Department of Agriculturedeclare that enormous quantities ofmeat, butter and eggs are now instorage in Chicago warehouses,chiefly under control of the five bigpackers. The report states that sincethe last regular compilation of figures June 1, the stocks of these commodities have grown in abnormalproportions and that their releasewould go far toward relieving thepresent shortage and tend to reduceprices.According to the report the following quantities are at presentstored in Chicago:Beef, 85,971,000 pounds.Pork, 70,517,000 pounds.Butter, 70,517,000 pounds.Eggs, 1,280,000 cases, or 360,000,000 dozen eggs.The figures in the report will beused by District Attorney Clyne inthe Federal Government's inquiryinto the high cost of food products inI Chicago. .o'SHRINERS SEIZE CHILD'S LUNCHShe made only $7 a week, and shewas wondeiing how she was goingto spend the two weeks' vacationwhich her employer had offered her.She reasoned rightly that $7 couldnot take her very far. But she didnot know that Yaarrab Temple ofShriners was passing through Louisville from Atlanta to Indianapolis.As she darted past The Seelbachon her way to work she was stoppedby a man dressed in the garb of afiction character which she had oftenseen on advertisements for cigarettes.He stopped her. She was frightened.And then a lot more men lookinglike "cigarette signs" gather abouther and sang songs in funnylanguages.They jerked a lunch basket contaiing an apple, two sandwiches, anonion and a little bit of lettuce fromher arm. Then she cried. They tookall she had for dinner and dumped itout.But one of the number jumpedupon a suitcase and spoke to the multitude of red fezes while the otherslocked hands and danced about her.She was bewildered.The man who jumped upon thesuitcase auctioned off her lunch.The apple brought ? 5 7.40. Theonion smelled -no stronger than anyother onion, but It brought $35.50.When her lunch had been distributedamong the bidders the auctioneer hadcollected exactly $250. He handed itto the frightened little "workinggirl" with the ease and grace of aprince. 'She was ten minutes late at workbecause- of the interruption,, but she"should worry." She was $250 tothe good and there was a little something which made her heart beatfaster.Here is another event that callsto mind Dave Jackson's favorite sying, "God bless you, men; it meanssomething to be a Mason."..................... ....a..t ...-LEMON JUICETAKES OF TANGirls! Make bleaching lotion !if skin is sunburned,tanned or freckledtnt.....tWWt"ttw4w.wHtHtttftl.t.l.Squeeze the juice of two lemonsinto a bottle containing three ouncesof Orchard White, shake well, andyou have a quarter pint of the bestfreckle, sunburn and tan lotion, andcomplexion beautifier, at very, verysmall cost.Your grocer has the lemons andany drug store or toilet counter willsupply three ounces of OrchardWhite for a few cents. Massage thissweetly fragrant lotion into the face,neck, arms and hands each day andsee how freckles, sunburn, windburnand tan disappear and how clear,soft and white the skin becomes!Yes! It is .harmless.. - v(adv-F) ,LIVESTOCK MABKET ACTIVEThe livestock market in this vicinity has been very active in the pastfew days, the dealers making alargenumber of shipments. George K.Pepper sold to Caywood & McClintock forty-one head of fat cattle averaging 1,500 pounds, for 15c perpound. Nine hundred lamb3, whichcost Caywood & -McClintock 15 to15 cents per pound, wereNshippedby them Friday night to the Easternmarket. Mr. Richard H. Wills, ofParis, who was recently appointedlocal representative for The Lynchburg, S. C, Livestock Co., shipped acarload Friday night, for which hepaid the following prices: Horses,$125 to $150 a head; mules, $250 to$325 a head.Jessie R. Letton, of Paris, and Walter H. Meng, of near North Middletown, attended the big sale of hogsheld by the McKee Bros., at Versailles, Friday afternoon. Sixty bredgilts and young gilts were sold foran average of $360 each. Two wentunder the hammer at $1,000 each.Following the sale a complimentarydinner, at which fifty-three guestswere present, was given at the Phoenix Hotel, in Lexington.1HOW IS THIS?We offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of Catarrh thatcannot be cured by Hall's CatarrhMedicine.Hall's Catarrh Medicine has beentaken by catarrh sufferers for thepast thirty-five years, and has becomeknown as the most reliable remedyfor Catarrh. Hall's Catarrh Medicine acts through the blood on themucous surfaces, expelling the poison from the blood and healing thediseased portions.After you have taken Hall's Catarrh Medicine for a short time youwill see a great improvement in yourgeneral health. Start taking Hall'sCatarrh Medicine at once and get ridof catarrh. Send for testimonials,free.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by all Druggists, 75c.(june-adv)3,000,000 SOLDIERS DROP THEIRWAR INSURANCE.Approximately three-fourths of -the4,000,000 officers and enlisted men inthe military service who obtainedGovernment insurance policiesthrough the War Risk Insurance Bureau during the war have failed tocontinue payments, it was disclosedduring the meetings of the Bureau'sAdvisory Committee of thirteen, atWashington, headed by CharlesEvans Hughes.Failure of many policy holders tocontinue payments wag attributedlargely to the fact that the Bureauis unable to communicate with themas 30 per centum of the addresses ofdischarged soldiers are incorrect.To maintain constant personal contact with policyholders, the committee recommended that tho Bureau establish local representatives in eachState or in such districts as it mayseem advisable to divide the country.As a further means of informingpolicyholders as to their privilegesand obligations, an adequate advertising and publicity campaign shouldbe inaugurated, it was suggested.Street Letting!BOARD OP COUNCIL, PARIS, KENTUCKY, BOURBON COUNT".Sealed proposals will be received at.the office of the Board of Council, intheir office, in the City Building, until eight o'clock, P. M., July 28, 1919,to construct the streets hereinafter"described and in the manner prescribed in an ordinance of series1919.. Main street, in the City of Paris,Ky., from the North margin of Tenthstreet to the South margin of Fourteenth street.Also Pleasant street from theNorth margin of Second street to theSouth margin of Twelfth street.Bids will be received on VitrifiedBlock on a six inch concrete foundation; three types of Street Aspnalton a six inch concrete foundation;Bitulfthic Construction, on a six-inchconcrete foundation; and KentuckyRock Asphalt on seven inches ofmacadam foundation well rolled.Samples of Vitrified Block must befurnished.A certified check or bidders bond tothe amount of 10 of the aggregatebid, must be submitted with the bid.This check to be returned upon theexecution of the contract, and thebond of the approved surety received, as specified.A Surety Company bond satisfactory to the Board of Council will berequired of the successful bidder inthe sum of 30 of the estimated costof the work. The nature and extentof the bond required will be guarantee for a period of five years from theacceptance of the work by the Boardof Council, against any and all defects due to defective or faulty workmanship or material.The surety shall be a guarantee ofsurety company authorized to dobusiness in the State of Kentuckyand approved by the Board of Council. Drawings and specifications ofwork will be on file in the office ofthe City Clerk.The Board of Council reserves theright to reject any and all bids andalso the right to award contracts tothe lowest and best bidder.Board of Council, City of Paris.E. B. JANUARY,. Mayor.X , t W TTAYTrEIN. fiitv Clerk.The next timeyou buy calomelask forsThe purified and refinedcalomel tablets that arenausealess, safe and sureMedicinal virtues retained' and improved. Soldonly in sealed packages.Price 35c."LUKE McLUXE" IN CRASH.J. Syme Hastings. 2531 Park Avenue, Walnut Hills, Cincinnati, better known as "Luke McLuke,"whose jokes and quips in the Cincinnati Enquirer are read by thousandsevery day, was injured slightly Sunday night when an automobile inwhich he was riding with CharlesMarqua, McMillan street and Gilbert avenue, overturned on the DixieHighway, near Ft. Mitchell, Ky.Both men were bruised. Hastingssustained a cut above the right eye.Marqua had permitted his machineto coast toward Ft. Mitchell, whenhe lost control of the steering apparatus. The auto turned from theroad, crashed through two fencesand felled a tree before it overturned.Both men were thrown clear of themachine.o .CHAMBERLAIN'S COLIC AND DIARRHOEA REMEDYThis medicine always wins thegood opinion, if not the praise ofthose who use it. Try it when youhave any need of such a remedy.'(july-adv)All the parafin wax for candlemaking in South Africa has to be imported. This amounts annually to3,250 tons, valued at $1,500,000.Notice!All persons knowing themselves tobe indebted to the Templin LumberCo., prior to January 1, 1919, willplease call at the office and settle atonce, as we now must close the oldfirm's business.(22-t) T. T. TEMPLIN.LostBetween Blue Lick Springs andParis, a leather band bag containingclothing and others articles. Finderwill be rewarded by returning sameto W. A. THOMPSON,(22-tf) 1313 High St., Paris, Ky.Steer Taken Up.A red steer, weighing about 700 or800 pounds, has strayed to my place(the Hinton Farm) on the NorthMiddletown pike. Owner may havesame by proving property and paying charges.(ll-6t) R. L. WILSON.For SaleTwo splendid bred four-year-oldmares, city broke, and gentle, alsoone run-about, good as new.DR. FRANCIS P. CAMPBELL,(4-6t)Notice to Creditors !All persons knowing themselves tobe indebted to, or having claimsagainst, the estate of Carrie Bo wen,deceased, are hereby notified to settle any such indebtedness and present any such claims, properly povenas required by law, to the undersigned executor, or his attorney, O. T.Hinton.LUCIEN P. GARRETT,Executor of Carrie Bowen, Deceased.(15-22-29)PUBLIC NOTICEParis, Ky., July 17,1919.The season of the year especiallysuggests; to the community the propriety of boiling all water used fordrinking or domestic purposes,whether such water be from hydrant,well, cistern or spring. Safety is being clearly indicated and those following the above advice can not gowrong and neither can any have regret. A. H. KELLER,City Health Officer.By Order Board of Health..(18-tf) : s ,- y sHONEKILLEDMEATSVeal BeefPork LambIt's the Best ,To Be Had ,I ;1MflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketAetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityAnd OtherCasualtiesA. J. FEEAGENTfiWilmoth'sFreshHome' Baked Breads,Cakes, Pies, Etc.DailyFreshMeats,Roasts,Steaks,Chops, Fancy Goods.FamousCoffees and TeasWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376A:! $u r ton's 1! Confectionery Store'.Successor to Adami & Santi.AGENT FOR M. IBOLDMANUEL, COUNSELOR,AND SQNADA CIGARSAdami's Famous ReciDe for ifLjj making delicious Ice Cream. R.wuuu naiu auu 1U1ACUDrinks still used.Bulk Ice Cream i(Made from Pure Cream)' ?Tdelivered tor home use.I Fancy Ices for PartiesHIGH CLASS BOXCANDIES. 1For the BEST, Set UsyFRANK BURTONifer national. But our viewpoint." ..y -T "- j, i5-'4ty, w. ..,. - , -- .v- - 'Vj.f,-rfidays"!s.r FRIDAY, JULY 25, 1919. -THE BOUSBOH HEWS, FAXIS, KEnttJCKJH -b"iftyr M Imemr-rrr-raiTTKnLONGLASTINGSKUS .tfHIHHKil5?WOMAN'S PART OF STATE FAIRBEING BOOSTEDSatisfaction for thesweet tooth.Aid to appetite anddigestion benefitand enjoyment inLASTING form.And only 5 centsa package.A bulletin containing the list ofpremiums offered in the Woman's Department of the Kentucky StateFair, which will he held September 8to 11, in Louisville, has been issuedin advance of the regular cataloguein order that women of the State mayhave ample opportunity to be advised in regard to the rules, regulations and prizes of the department.Mrs. Harry McCarthy, of Nicholasville, is superintendent of the woman's department. An effort hasbeen made by the department to interest women of the State and arouseenthusiasm in woman's work by increasing the premiums and enlarging the classifications as an incentiveto enter competition at the KentuckyState Fair, where the standard ofwork will be raised from year to yearif women will respond to the opportunity. Entries in the woman's departmentwill close August 25.QSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.I t-rt - -Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.HHillHIHIIIHfMWIHHUIIHIIHHIMMIIIIMHI- 'SUMMERCOMPLAINT QUICKLYRELIEVED.1 ) ) I wrapped tl tfizwiHG Gimr tss- iumm wwuwmsRasss&mmi a& i iiihnl.iij ay r mMuSMJJJJ III laTtmiitU-i 'MtnSmiiSi ikwBb ill Ul I KM"About two years ago when suffering from a severe attack of summercopipjaint, I took Chemberlain's Colicand Diarrhoea Remedy and it relieved me almost instantly," writes Mrs.Henry Jewett, Clark Mills, N. Y. Thisis an excellent remedy for colic anddiarrhoea and should be kept athand by every family.(july-adv)-. oHIGH COST OF MEN'S CLOTHES,MAY BE HIGHER NEXT YEARFlavor Lasts107An increase of 100 per cent, inthe cost of men's clothing was predicted for next summer by H. Simmons, who presided at the openingof the American Designers' Association's annual convention, in NewYork City.Some slight compensations, how-j ever, are to be granted, as coats willbe longer, shoulders broader andchests deeper. In addition to this,Mr. Simms said, gaudy linings ofalice blue, orange and similar brilliant hues will be in vogue, whilevests will be cut lower to permit agreater display of dazzling shirts.He stated that no departure in thepresent style of trousers would benoticed."Jazz styles," so called on accountof their freakish cuts, will continuepopular with the young "flappers."oBlackberries are nearly as high asstrawberries used to be unless youpick them yourself.jffssnn.WJUULAA4JUU,The Mabley & Carew Company(Cincinnati)Keeps Open HouseOf -v and makes every visitor feel at home.d'Our people are hospitable and ready to do theirutmost to make visitors comfortable and welcome.Fountain square, where our store is located, isthe very center qj Cincinnati's life and bustle,Our rest and lounging rooms are at your service..We will take care of your hand baggage withoutany cost to you.Make the Mabley & Carew Company storeyour headquarters while in Cincinnati. Makeappointments to meet your friends at our store.We will appreciate your visit and value yourpatronage if you choose to bestow it.Our well appointed restaurant serves the bestfood" the market aftords prices moderate.0CINCINNATI'S GREATEST STORE.FIFTH AND VINE STREETSFOUNDED l77.FOUNTAIN SQUAREMiss Jennie James is able to beout after an illness of several days.Miss Elizabeth Welsh has returned from a visit to relatives inCincinnati.Mrs. Tillie Quisenberry is aguest of friends and relatives inWinchester.Mr. Wm. Rion, Sr., is a guest ofhis son, Mr. Wm. Rion, Jr., and Mrs.Rion, in Covington.Mr. Fred Pister has returnedfrom Munday, Texas, where he is interested in oil production.Miss Cornelia Stone, of Paris,has returned from a visit to her sister, Miss Hadley Stone, in Versailles.Mrs. Thomas Higgins has returned from a visit to her parents, Mr.and Mrs. Robert Morris, in Indianapolis. Etowah, Tenn., Enterprise:"Ellis Hukill, of Paris, Ky., spent afew days here the past week withfriends."Mrs. Turney Patton and children, of this city, are guests of hermother, Mrs. Susan Lane, in Mt.Sterling.Mrs. Harry L. Minter and daughter, Miss Flossie Minter, of Lexington, are visiting Paris friends andrelatives.Mr. and Mrs. Charles Green andfamily are spending the week inCincinnati, as guests of friends andrelatives.. Mrs. John Mastin has returnedto her home in Muncie, Ind., after avisit to lier sister, Mrs. T. Hough, inthis city.Mrs. Charles Burns, of Southi Main street, has as guest Mr. Allenouull unu luiss may cjuuli, duiii uiRichmond.Miss Eula Calvert has as guestat her home near Paris an attractiveyoung woman, Miss Frances Hord, ofVersailles.Mr. and Mrs. Otis Bacon, ofWichita Falls, Texas, are guests ofMr. and Mrs. J. W. Bacon, and MissClara Bacon, on Cypress street.Mrs. Russell Dyche and children,of London, Ky., are guests of herbrothers. Mr. Walter Martin andJudge Ernest Martin, and theirfamilies.Miss Boehme, Superintendent ofthe Massie Memorial Hospital, inthis city, left Wednesday morning fora month's vacation at Philadelphiaand at Atlantic City.Mrs. Alexander White, of Paris,Tennessee, has arrived to be theguest of, Mrs. Thompson H. Tarr, ather country home on the Georgetown pike, near Paris.Mr. J. W. Hayden, of Paris, wasin Stanford, Tuesday, attending ameeting of the Board of Directors ofthe Boreing Land Co.Mrs. James Cummins and daughter, Miss Anna Cummins, have returned from a two-weeks' visit tofriends and relatives in Dayton,Ohio.Messrs. J. R. Dejarnett andCharles Neal have returned to theirhomes in Spencer county, after avisit to friends and relatives in thiscounty.Mr. and Mrs. Louis Mitchell,Mr. Henley Napier and Miss KatieNapier, of Paris, are visiting Mrs.John McClure, at Crab OrchardSprings.Mr. Will White, of Lexington,who was injured in an automobileaccident .-near this city some timeago, was able to return to his homeTuesday.Will Grosche and John "Kittie"McCarthy have gone into camp onthe Charlton Clay farm, near the oldford on Stoner creek, for a stay ofabout ten days.Mrs. Edward Andrews has re-turned to her home in Lexington, after a visit to her daughter, Mrs.Robert Jones, and Mr. Jones, atNorth Middletown.Master William Alonzo and MissLouise Johnson, of Chattanooga,grandchildren of the late Mr. JohnLake, of Paris, are guests at thehome of Mr. and Mrs. Robert Sadler,an Vine street.Mr. Frank Elder has returnedto his home in Lake Village, Arkansas, after a visit to his brother, Mr.F. S. Elder, in this city. Mr. Elderwas formerly connected with theParis Racket Store-Mr. Virgil D. Chandler has returned to his home in Huntington,W. Va., after a visit to relatives inthis city,. Mr. Chandler was calledhere by I the death of his father-in-law,Mr. W. -H. H. Johnson. Mrs.Chandler will remain for a longervisit here.The Greencastle, IncL, Herald",says: "Miss Elm'eta 'Hinton," ofParis, Ky., is in Greencastle" theguest of Miss Jeanette McWethy.Miss McWethv became acquaintedith Miss- Hinton while attendingschool this winter in the South.Miss Hinton will be in this city several weeks." .,The Booneshoro bathing beachis rapidly growing in popularitywith Paris and Bourbon county people as a pleasure resort. Parties are"being formed to spend some' timethere. One party is spending theweek there now. The members ofthe party are Mr. and Mrs. EdwardPrichard, Mr. and Mrs. 'John Yerkes,Miss Katherine Davis' Craig, Mr. Jos.W. Davis; Jr., Mies 7ancy Griffithand her guest, Miss Belle Horton. Mr.Sam Clay Ward, Mr. Charlton Clayand Mr. M. C. Browning. The partyThe J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMMRSMainand SixthStreetsDay phone 36-r ttt" uay pnone ooHHYI K V NlKht : ..56J- CU.1& -CV.jy. or Home 286Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.tn-' viyyAi' i th' mimm..TXIA MAN AND HIS WIFEmay both derive saiisfactionby having their worn and soiled .garments cleaned by us. ,Thecost is nominal, while the pleasureof wearing old clothes that ;'have the appearance of new, 'inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a great .ving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings ua.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40Home Phone 169w1 -has gone into camp, being well It has been estimated by an Euroequipped with all the. requirements 'pean scientist that the commercialfor that purpose. lvalue of the electricity in a flash oflightning lasting one-tnousanatn ora. second is 29 cents.Miss Nunan, professional nurse,has arrived from Paducah, to take aposition on the nursing staff of theMassie Memorial Hospital. fThe following are guests at thehome of Mr. William H. Waley, Sr.,in East sParis: Mr. and Mrs. J. Atwood Saunders, of Parkersburg, W.Va., and Mr. and Mrs. W. G. Stevensand children, of Chillecothe, O.Mr. and Mrs. Robert M. Hopkinsand son, Robert M. Hopkins, Jr., areguests at the home of Mr. and Mrs.Thos. Helm Clay, on Eighth street.Mr. Hopkins has recently returnedfrom a four-months' tour of theHoly Land.Among recent visitors at theBoonesboro bathing beach were Mr.and Mrs. Robert Stipp and littledaughter, Mr. and Mrs. ClaudeWeathers, of Clintonville : Mr. andMrs. James Thompson and ,Mr. and 1Mrs. Swift Champe, of Paris.iss Francis Nippert, daughterof Mr. and Mrs. C. E. Nippert, .former Parisians, who recently camefrom her home in St. Petersburg,Florida, for a visit -to friends and relatives in Central Kentucky, has returned. Her sister, Miss PhyllisNippert", is visiting friends in Lexington and Richmond, and will cometo Paris for a visit before returninghome.Mr. Charles B; Harrison, of Lebanon, was a visitor in Paris, Wednesday, the guest of Mr. Zl'X,., Wilcox,'of the local Y. M. G. A.v, who waschaperoning him in a sight-seeingtour of Paris. Mr. Harrison is 'atpresent engaged in Y. M. C. A. work 'at uamp z.acnary uayior.,, n was,greatly impressed, with. Paris, aifdhopes to come here to take up Y. MiC. A. work soon.(Other Personals on Page 5)BRIGHTER:EVENINGSgN 7WNothing adds to the pleasures.i a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illumi-nated house..Tlse ..GectrictyiTor Efgbiiiig.It's the only satisfactory wayuse Sets' It's .the only sensible plan; vr. ' let Us Fix Y U . -- For the Use ! BtkElectricity 4 Gat..y-Paris GukUkto&CL1aMtmcaM)v -" -r,?1QH0U1 'TifU liaTHE BOUBBOH HEWS, PUIS, SElTTtrCRTp5FRIDAY, JULY 25, lll.f 5BOUB30N CROP CONDITIONS.Farmers cow report that theircrops are -needing rains. There havebeen intermittent showers, but notenough to do much good. The cornis in that stage of development nowthat calls for a great deal of moisture. In order to bring it to full maturity good soaking rains will be necessary. Garden corn for. table purposes is coming to the market freelyand retailing at very reasonableprices.The tobacco crop is said to be uneven and has been making a verysloy growth The early planted portion of the crop is practically readyto be topped and maturing for earlyliousing in August will soon be a reality. Threshing is being prosecutedvigorously. The yield of wheat is fromten to fifteen bushels to the acre,though one crop that is being threshed on the farm of Mr. Brutus Wheat,aiear Paris, is said to Tiave averagedtwenty-three busliels to the acre.Haymaking while tie tsun shines hasalso been good and a fine crop has"been assured. Several loads of newnay have been sold on the local market for ?20 to ?25 per ton.oKICKED BY A MULE.Mr. George Conkright, a farmer ofaiear Paris, was brought to the officeof Drs. Kenney & Stoeckinger, inthis city, yesterday afternoon, suffering from dangerous injuries inflicted by a kick -from a mule.TAILOR SHOP EMPLOYE SKIPSWITH EMPLOYERS' jFUNDS.Mr. Conkright Tiad been in hisbarn driving out some chickens,-f four sliots at the fleeing man, and be-when as he passed the mule, the animal suddenly launched out at himwith a vicious fturry of flying hoofs,Mr. Conkright -was struck over theleft eye, laying the flesh bare, andexposing the eye socke1probably injuring1 the sight, and his skull wasfractured in two places, as shown bya later examination made at the Massie Memorial Hospital, where he wasremoved. An operation will be performed at the Irospital to-day by Dr.Stoeckinger. It is thought thatConkright will recover.o51ELD DAY TOR AUTO ACCIDENTSDoing the "barber shop rag" merrily to the tune of bullets from Patrolman George W. Judy's revolver,Gilbert Huffman, twenty-one, colored, sped swiftly through the atmosphere surrounding the Louisville &Nashville yards Tuesday morningin an effort to escape the pursuingofficer.Huffman had been in the employof Logan Ayers, colored, who conducts a tailor shop and clothes cleaning establishment over the barbershop of his father, John Ayers, onMain 'street, as bushelman. LastMonday Ayers changed his clothes,and thought he had removed all thecontents from the pockets. Whenhe reached home he took: an inventory, and discovered to Tiis amazement that he had inadvertently leftin the rear pocket of the trousers aroll of bills amounting to $9Q.Ayers returned to his place ofbusiness for the purpose, of instituting a search for the money. He foundboth the trousers and the moneygone. Huffman had also disappeared.Suspicion naturally pointed to themissing man. Patrolman Judy wasput on the trail. Going to the Louisville & Nashville Tenth street passenger station he located Huffman,He essayed a getaway, and the patrolman went after liim. The chaseled through the L. & N. yards intoa cornfield adjacent, where the negro disappeared and has not sincebeen located. Patrolman Judy firedTuesday was a field day for automobile accidents, at least threetaking place that day on Msin. street.A machine ran into a buggy at tliethe corner of Main and Sixth streets,tearing a witeel off of the buggy andgiving the occupants a genuinescare. A delivery boy, mounted ona bicycle, iai attempting to getget around a man-hole in the streetat the corner of Main and Seventh,ran into a machine coming into thecorner from Seventh. The boy wasslightly bruised, but otherwise tmliurt. Two machines ran together atthe corner of Eighth and Main, bothIbeing slightly -damaged. There mayhave been otfher accidents, but theywere -not reported.oPLAYING GAME OF TTE-POR-TAT.The City Tax Commissioners have."been busy for the past few weeks increasing the tax rate on Paris Tealestate, and the owners of the realestate have "been equally busy increasing the rent to be paid by theirtenants. In almost every instancewhere the owner lias been notified ofan Increase in Tiis assessed propertyvaluation his tenant has been notified of an increase "in rent, and, as it isalmost impossible to find a vacantnouse in Paris the increase has beensubmitted to.o -PETER 3HIIKEN WINNERlieves that at least one of the bulletsfound its mark.It is alleged that Huffman hadspent a portion of the money taken,from Ayers' trousers before heboarded the train, and this fact ledto his being located so soon. The authorities of surrounding towns haveneen furnished -with a good description, and have been asked to be onthe lookout for Huffman.Patrolman Judy learned, incidentally, that Huffman had attended adance in Mt. Sterling, Tuesdaynight, and that, late in the afternonlie had purchased a suit of clothes,tan snoes, suk unueiwcai, an "" L I building in which all the works of artand new nat. These purcnases accounted for a -part of the moneyubirruiu- uitmua Mjidaviuxid v ;OLD BOURBON PAIR.yYears ago the old Bourbon Fair,at that time the oldest agriculturalfair in the United States, was theMecca to which hundreds turnedeach year, for there they renewed oldacquaintances of the long ago, andmade new ones. For many years itreigned supreme as the gieatest fairin the country. In late years it disappeared and with it the old-timehospitality that made Bourbdn county famous.A few days ago THE NEWS man,in hunting through a pile of clippings, came upon one relating to theold Bourbon Fair, printed in theNinth Legion, published at Cincinnati by Samuel Pike, one of the pioneer publishers and editors of hisday. The article, which bore dateof Saturday, September 12, I860,under the heading "The BourbonFair," is reproduced below, believingthat it will be of interest to the readers of THE NEWS:"The Bourbon Pair. '"This grand af-fair commenced onTuesday last. The morning was unfavorable; still a respectable crowdwas in attendance. On Wednesday,hundreds who would have been there,were attracted to Lexington to hearthe Nation's favorite address thepeople, and consequently, the turnout was not so large as usual. Onthat day, however, it was given out(and the report gained credence,)that the Hon. John C. Breckinridgewould be present on Thursday, andperhaps, address the people. Thiswas enough to arouse the people ofBourbon, and the surrounding counties, and early Thursday morningthey began to pour in from every direction, and long before noon therewere more people present than weever saw assembled, upon the samegrounds, on any any former occasion."The day was unpropitious, yetthe display of stock was all thatthat could be reasonably expected,and everything passed off harmoniously and to the satisfaction of mostpersons present."The great feature of the concernwas Industrial Hall, a large circularGov. James D. BlackA vote for Blackin August is a votefor Democratic success in November.HE'S A SURE WINNER!IPTO THE EEPUBUCANSOF THETHTRDHAILEOAD COMMISSION DISTRICT-which it is alleged he appropriated.B-4 TIREJnsurewithW.O.HINTON &SON,AgtsDISASTROUS THUS DESTROYSPART 'OP MARION, KY.Fire of undetermined origin earlyTuesday destroyed a portion of Marion, Ky. The fire was discovered inthe Jenkins building, which was destroyed with a loss of $15,000 andthe Marion Bank $20,000. Otherlarge individual losers are the Carnahan Dry Goods building and stock,$11,000, the Marion Hardware Cim-lany, $iu,uuu; J. n. Mayes & son,dry goods, $7,000; Mrs. Elecra Frisby, three store rooms, $18,000; theCrittenden Press, $6,'0tf0, and a number 'of others with 'losses rangingfrom "$800 to $3,000.Eight two-story hulldings weregutted. The town has no water workssystem and the fire was fought bybuclcet Drigades. This is the thirdtime the business section as beenfire-swept in 25 years.Twelve thousand persons, said to.he tfee largest crowd that ever sawracing in Toledo, witnessed theftrnd .Circuit events at Fort Miamitrack, near Toledo, Wednesday. Thetime -was fast and the track in excellent condition.H. ' Thomas, with Peter Billiken,won the 2:09 trot after finishingfifth ia the first heat, which was wonhy Emma Magowan. Peter Billikenis owned by Mr. Warren Bacon, of'Gallon, Alabama, formerly of "Paris.oCTnrifEB. NECESSITIES IN FURNITURE AT REDUCED PRICES IFire, Wind and -LightningfnsunmcaThomas, Waodford Jc Bryan0IREQTJSNT THRESHER 31RESThe eounty papers tell df numerous cases of heavy4 losses -of wheathy fire, supposed to have originatedfrom sparks from the engine. NearXdttle Hock, this county,- Wednesday,a fire of this character destroyed twohundred sacks of wheat, belonging toMr. Lee Crave. The wheat bad justbeen thTeshed and stacked, awaitingtransportation to market.oA VOTE B)li. BOSWORTH WIELMEA3I MUCH TO THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY-A big reduction on all summergoods, such as refrigerators, oiltove, ovens, porch shades, porchfurniture, porch rugs, etc. All thisseason's goods and of the best makes,but must he sold to make room forfall goods big reductions -, duringJuly.i; E. M. WHEELER,'(1-tf) Robneel Building.TXllBTRUCTI01f WORK COMPLETED.ReeoRgtruction work on the Parisami itxington turnpike has , been'completed by the force of workmeni dhirge of Contractor John "Pete"Cain,amd that former rugged andTtLggek thoronghf are is now cbmpleteto tfet Fayette county line and opento tragic. Mr. Cain and his force aremow uy reconstructing the Greeairica ike for a distance of twoile1to the Fayette county line.! , oHG SALES OF WOOL.Clarke 4c Young have sold theirjurckises of 40,800 pounds of wool,wWcfc tkey bought this .season torsrk: ranging from fifty to, sixty'!cent er pound, for a good profit.Tk wool supply of this countythis year will .total about 85,000pounds. Tbelamh crop will comeciose io EMfVpoiinds, and the two' ocptttsi! will net the fanners of thejWmWT oofwWeraWjr ioVe ."509,000.Vote for Henry M. Bosworth forAuditor. He and his -intimatefriends are workers at the polls at allregular elections. The party needsthese kind of men for their nominees.He ,will add strength to the ticket inNovember. He is efficient in officeand will make an official the peoplecan depend on. (22-3t)o-and industry were displayed for examination. We were on the groundsbut a few hours on Thursday, andcould give this grand feature of thefair only a partial and very imperfect examination. W .W. Pike's Rotary Printing Press in full motion,throwing off impressions at the rateof 2,000 per hour, and we werepleased to learn that he was the recipient of all the premiums offeredfor the different kinds of printing,offered by the Association. Theblankets, jeans, quilts, counterpanes,and other specimens of ladies' handiwork, were beautiful and could notwell be excelled by any competitors,and some of the specimens of embroidery were truly fine. Indeed,everything in that department wasabout as good as it could be, and weonly regret that we did not havetime to give it a more extended examination and notice."To the politeness of our oldfriends, W. W. Mitchell, S. M. Hibler and A. M. Brown, Esqrs., we areindebted for polite attentions and thefreedom of the Fair grounds duringour visit. They are gentlemanlyofficers and discharge their respective duties in a manner, highly creditable to themselves and the society."After having dined sumptuouslywith some Covington friends, at theboard of a junior member of thePike family, we left for home in thestage, where we arrived about darkon Thursday evening."Notwithstanding we were highlyplease'd with all we saw while there,we cannot avoid thinking that ourBourbon friends will have to do better another year, or fall behind theircompetitors.. Other societies havesprung' up in the adjoining countiesand in different parts of the State,which bid fair "not only to rival, butto excel 'Old Bourbon' in agricultural, horticultural and mechanicaldisplays, and are consequently attracting a large amount of public attention. It is not for us to say inwhat particulars the Bourbon Fairsshall be modified. We leave that tothe members; but we say in all candor, that our Bourbon friends mustlook well to their laurels, or theirneighbors will outstrip thenu in allthat pertains to the glory of suchexhibitions."oI find that it is impossibe for thetwo candidates, E. C. Kash and myself of the Ninth Congressional District, to make a proper race for theRailroad Commissionership underthe peculiar existing circumstances.I find Mr. John B. Eversole, from theTenth District, which already has acandidate for Secretary of State.asking that he receive this RailroadCommissioner nomination. This is inspite of the fact that that strong,capable and able Tenth District Republican, the Honorable James W.Turner, of Paintsville, at Lexington,Withdrew from the Railroad Commissioner's race in order that the Hon.Fred A. Vaughn, from the Tenth District, could have the nomination forSecretary of State. Mr. Eversole isnot equally fair. I think more of theNinth District and my friends and associates there, and of justice and fairtreatment to my friends in the NinthDistrict, than I do of this office. Ithink it right to leave it to the Republicans of the Railroad Commissioner District to say whether theNin,!th District shall have representation or not. I therefore am withdrawn from the race.' j Very Respectfully,(ajlv) CLAY CISCO.i o' KENTUCKY POLITICSCarroll and Black are both gentlemen and neither of them are indulging in any mud slinging which is totheir credit and also to the credit of.the Democratic party.KRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSi Yh Hlk. LLH bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbLv "vLLbLH 'FUTURISTVfomans Modern UndergarmentOMFORT, freedom, reposeall that a man finds in his "athletic" underwearyet dainty, sheer, attractive, exquisitelyfeminine. These you will find in woman's modernundergarmentSimmons' .FUTURISTFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSAutomobile DeliveryE. C. Kash, of Breathitt County,seems to be extensively advertisinghis campaign for the Republicannomination for JRailroad Commissioner in the Third District.- IIHenry Bosworth will attach theDemocratic nomination for State Auditor with as much ease as an elderbrofher appropriates the baby's stickof peppermint candy, if reports received by him from every district inthe State the past week., prove authentic.monwealth's Attorney Kelly Kash, ofIrivine, and John B. Eversole, of Hazard and Lexington, Clay Cisco, of Mt.Sterling, the other contending candidate having just announced his withdrawal. The Third railroad districtcomprises forty-nine counties, nineteen of which are in the Ninth Congressional district, and the supporters of Mr. Kash claim that he willcarry every one of them.In a speech at Shelbyville, Goveriqr Black is- said to have deniedthat he is in anyway connected withtheiStanley machine. The Governor,it fe said also, denied that he is apolitician because he "can't beused." ' 'Clay Cisco, candidate for the Republican nomination yfor RailroadCommissioner from this district, haswithdrawn from the race. He eivesas His reason that he finds it impossible to make a proper race underthe existing circumstances. ."I think more of the Ninth District and my friends and associatesthere, and of justice and fair treatment to, my friends in the Ninth District than. I do of this offi cej; - saysMr. Cisco.PUBLIC SALEOP HIGH CLASSRegistered and GradeJerseyswillJtidge Carroll, speaking , at Cadizis Reported to have said that officeholders are in the possession of Governor Black, and wants to know whyBob' Green was not reamointp.d inthe I State Tax Commission alongwith Mr. Ringo..RELIGIOUS.w vRev. 'Charles Henry 'Prather, ofLouisville, will preach, at the morning services at- the " "'Presbyterianchurch, Sunday. Sunday school at9:30 a. m. Morning service10:i5.oREMOVAL NOTICE.atThe office of the Paris Water Co.has been removed to the corner ofMain and Broadway, io the Agricultural Bank: building, where in thefuture all business. will be transacted. Patrons are "requested to call atonce in reply -to the notices justmailec! to eack consumer notifyingthem of their indebtedness - to ourcompany. Water Mile are now duedating from July 1 to October 1,Water-rents not' paid in 15 days willcause your service to be discontinued.PARIS WATER COMPANY,'- (11-tf ) Newt. -Mitcnell, Supt.A VOTE E0R B0SW0ETH WILLMEAN MUCH TO THE DEMOCRATIC PARTYVote for Henry M. Bosworth forAuditor. He and his intimatefriends are workers at the polls at allregular elections. The nartv nedsthese kind of men for their nominees.He will add strength to the ticket inNovember. 'He is efficient in officeand will make an official the peoplecan depend on. (22-3t)O;RACES TO BE ESPECIAL FEATURES AT BLUE GRASSFAIR.WJ C'r -Z&iM-;s$Pe t m-'i'U Ka-Running, trotting and mule raceswill be features of the Blue GrassFair, Lexington, Ky., every day fromSeptember 1 to 6. There willt'beabout five running races daily carrying an average value of $500 each,while the trotting- races will have avalue of from $400 to $500. Classes4pr" trotters 2:12, 2:16, 2:20 -and-2:30 horses are provided. 'Muleraces are- so t arranged that theyshould furnish much amusement.With only a few days interveningDetore August 2, the day of theState primary, it looks like the"land-slide," claimed by nianagers ofthe one and the other, is going to refuse, each of the twp outstandingcandidates for the Democratic nomination for Governor, according tonewjs received from all over Kentuckytowns last week.4Answering the letter of James A.Mcinzie, Hopkinsville lawyer, Pitzer 31ack, son of ' Gov. James lb.Blaqk, saf d that . filial duty .' wasstronger than party ties, in explaining liis part in the father's campaign.He declared he would support JudgeJohi P. Carroll 'or Governor if. thelattfer should be nominated in theDernocratic "primary.Etxpense accounts of candidates inthe JAugust primary are being dumped nto the , office of . 'secrefery, 0ftaie aewis. jr. j. Noel, of .Harrodsbuf(, has the largest expense accountof any of tne candidates tor' Governor;, He spent $5,198.16, most'dfwhifch. was for advertising. '.GovernorJames D. Black has spent $'4,563.6fe.EdTin P. Aforrow, of Somerset,;spentthe smallest sum, $276. Judge JohnD. Carroll spent. -$6,3 00.Tie race for the Republican noniihation for railroad commissioner infhejThird Kentucky district' has narrowfedjpwn to two ndidates-l-Erc.Kash, of A Jackson, brother; of tCopi-$35,000 IN PREMIUMS AT BLUEGBASS FAIR. -The Blue Grass Pair, Lexington,Ky., Sept. 1-6, is offering this yearover $35,000 in premiums and purses. Classes are provided for practically all breeds of live stock, as wellas garden and farm products and artwork.REMEMBER, OPPOSITE COURTHOUSE SUMMER GOODSIN VARIETY.Porch Shades, Porch Rugs, PorchChairs, all at special prices.A. P. WHEELER & CO.,(27-tf). Opp. Court House.Having sold our farm, weouer ai puoiic auction, onFriday, August 1,1915At 10 O'Clock. A. M CenterviKe,-Ky..our entire herd of Jersey cattle. 25-,'registered Jerseys, by such bulls asNoble of Oakland, Goddington's Noble, Viola's Oakland Jolly, MapleGrove's Quality Prince, etc. Eifchtgrades (best in county.) -Also complete uiary Outfits consisting of, separator, cans, etc.ALSO-1 five-year-old mare; --1 two-year-old mare: ' . ..i1 four-year-old mule; "1 three-year-old -mule;20 good grade ewes;2 two-horse wagons;1 one-horse wagon; " ?1 wheat drill;l.disc harrow;1 sixty-tooth smoothing harrowt1 manure spreader;2 Busy Bee Cultivators; - 4x nve-snovel plow; . ,1 No. 20 Oliver breaking plow; k1 No. 11 Blizzard ensilage cutter; T1 mower; .1 Black Hawk corn tiIati tor wit. -fertilizer attachments;Lot of locust posts, etc.1-Ford touring car, 1918 model, iitfirst-class condition.G. R. & G. M. .BURBERRY. .Col. Geo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer.FARMS ALL SIZESINSouthern Brown Coi.V Ohio?r.., . .PSTENr 180.acre.' slightly rolling limestone- farm,' not'TS&2EOT'1rto f toV 3 1-12 Tmflei from"M. '..Tw-good2-itoryhoasei, 2 cellars, 2 large barns, ' buggy shed ".too house, hog bouses, cribs and sheds, plenty of good OTtbufld'- "'mgsr watered bywells and springs; Dlenty of fruifc Buyer to -receive one-half of growingrcrop.which is Jooking-goodf 7 ......' - - On account of ill health. tViia foi-m ?a tvtT,1,3 4. -Hi 'x : --Terms to suit purchaser. Price, $16,000. ' on, , ' If you are interested in buying a farm, would be rfid toTsno you. u w- T.XvIIne 5. J. Jones Real Estate AgencyHamaersyille, Brown Xomty, OkitifinVS'Sb&vxW2&bBtZI1 - X?i 'iUiFRIDAY, JULY 25, 1919.THE BOUBBOH NEWS, JPABIS, K1ST&CI35JCmsFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEHAIL INSURANCE.Tobacco hail insurance.McClure & Donaldson.june24-tf)oARK BROKEN.Harry Hicks, young san of Mr.George Hicks, had an arm broken"Wednesday while helping to threshwheat on his father's place nearParis. The lad was moving a stackof filled sacks when one of them fellon him, pinning him to the ground,and breaking both bones in his forearm. He was removed to his homenearby .and given medical attention.oA BIG SAVING THAT'LL PLEASEYOU ON ALL AUTOMOBILEACCESSORIES."We save you money on auto accessories: Auto oil per gallon 60cents. "We save you from 5 to 15per cent on tires and tubes. Specialsale on refrigerators, lawn mowers,porch swings and hammocks.FARMERS' SUPPLY .CO.(25-2t)oREVENUE MEN VISIT PARIS.Representatives from the office ofElwood Hamilton, Collector of Internal Revenue for the Seventh District, were in Paris several days thisweek. They were checking up andlooking up delinquents who have notpaid their war tax. It was not generally known that a tax was imposedon every admission ticket to entertainments, dances, etc., where an admission price was charged so that thepromotors of such enterprises willhave to account to the revenue menin the final settlement. ; -o ' cTAKE IT DOWN.SOCIAL tm PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mis. W. R. Fenwick is visitingfriends in Louisville this week.Miss Bessie Mclntyre is a guestof friends and relatives in Covington. Miss Sidney Linville, of Dayton,Ohio, is visiting relatives and friendsin this cty.Miss Zona Meade has gone toMuncie, Ind., to visit her aunt, Mrs.W. "W. McDonald.Miss Elizabeth Spears, of Paris,is a guest of Miss Mary Frances Hamilton, in Mt. Sterling.Mr. and Mrs. James Ellis, ofWinchester, are visiting friends andrelatives in this city.Mr. H. Shanker, of Erlanger, former resident of Paris, was a guest offriends in this city this week.Miss Mattie Baldwin is spendingher summer vacation with friends inChicago, 111., and in Kenosha, "Wis.Miss Ethel Snapp has returnedto her home in Covington, after avisit to her aunt, Mrs. Thos. Tobin,in this city.Mis. M. J. Murphy and daughters, Misses Katherine and MaryMurphy, have gone to Atlantic City,to remain for three weeks.Mr. and Mrs. Jo. Varden leftWednesday for Clarks' Lake, in Michigan, where they will remain forsome time camping and fishing.Misses Elizabeth and MaryLouise Griffin, of Cynthiana, areguests at the home of Mr. and Mrs.John Mattox, on Pleasant street.Miss Nancy Wynne has returnedto her home in Cincinnati after apleasant visit to Misses Luna Duffyand Nancye Metzger, of Parrish avenue. Mr. and Mrs. E. N. Wickliffe, ofLexington, are guests of Mrs. GeorgiaSpears and Mrs. Eddie Spears Hinton, at their home on Mt. Airy avenue. , . tMis. Sue 0. Kelley, of Georgetown, is a guest of Mr. and Mrs. J.Stuart Roberts, at their countryNow, speaking seriously, and in J home on the Georgetown pike, nearall earnestness, isn't it about time toremove that unsightly old bill boardfrom the court house lawn? "Withits tattered and torn fragments ofpaper flapping in the breeze, ia presents anything but a good appearance. Visitors to the city remarkabout it and wonder why it is leftthere to detract from the general appearance of the handsomest courthouse in the State. It has served its , Sixth streetParisMr. Henry Bosworth, of Lexington, was in Paris yesterday, in theinterest of his candidacy for theDemocratic nomination for Auditorof State.Mr. and Mrs. Edward Brannonwill move from Lexington to Parisabout September 1, and will occupyone of the Dr. Campbell cottages onpurpose.Take it down!oRECORD PRICE FOR CATTLECattle reached the' highest price ofthe season in the local market whenMr. James Caldwell, one of the expert cattle raisers of the county,'sold to Montie Fox, of Danville, seventy head of black polled Angus1,400Mr. Caldwell is feeding a carload ortwenty head of white-faced cattle,Mrsv Fanniebelle Sutherland leftSunday fjor Lake Chautauqua, to jointhe Paris and Kentucky colonyspending the remainder of the summer there. xMrs. Roger Crouch, of near Little Rock, is a patient at the MassieMemorial Hospital, in this city,where she underwent a surgical operation Wednesday morning.Flemingsburg Times - Democratnoftio TOPijrhinsr about 1.400 Derhead, for fourteen cents per pound. "Misses Fannie Johnson and NancyBarbee Wilson, or Pans, came downWednesday morning to visit the fam-which he will exhibit at the State iiy of Judge J. P. HarbeSoll.'-'Fair in Louisville, and later at the Mr. Marion Douglas has returnWorld's Livestock Show to be held ed to his duties with the Louisvillein Chicago. i . i & Nashville, at Middlesboro. after a-. a- " i ! visit, to his Barents. Mr. and MrsHAIL INSURANCE.Hail insurance mi tobacco.Thomas, Woodford Bryanjune24-tf)oBEAUTIFUL POECH iFUBNITUBE.SUMMER NECESSITIES ATBIG SEDUCTION.All our summer goods at specialprices. We can. save you money onporch furniture, oil stoves and ovens,rugs, porch shades and all kinds ofsummer goods if you will buy during July. Three large- show roomsfull to select from.E. M. WHEELER.(1-tf) Robneel Building.oNEW SOFT DBIKK STANDS.Mr. Edward "Dickie" Doyle, recently of Lexington, has opened anew soft drink stand in the storeroom adjoining tae Harris & Dalerestaurant, on Main" street Mr.Doyle has for several years been engaged in business at the CriterionCafe, in Lexington.Mr. Edward "Botney" Brannon,who has for several years been associated in business with Mr. JohnJohnson, in Lexington, has returnedto Paris to reside. Mr. Brannon hasleased the storeroom on Main street,recently occupied by the Blue Grass"Oil Exchange, and is preparing -toopen a soft drink stand.XNIGHTS OP COLUMBUS OUTINGON KENTUCKY BIVE&.from a several days' visit with relatives in Paris and Lexington'Miss Sue Jordan is visitingfriends and relatives in Cincinnati.Paris and Bourbon county wereboth well represented at the Montgomery County Fair, Wednesday,to witness the running of "theDerby."Mr. and Mrs. A. J. Mendenhalland daughter, Miss Mary Mendenhall, have returned to their home inAtlanta; Ga., after a visit to Mr. andMrs. George Burberry, near Paris.Mr. Omar Denton, of Paris, whorecently underwent an operation forappendicitis at the Massie MemorialHospital, in this city, is rapidly improving and will soon be able to return to his home.The Maysville Daily Bulletin, ofWednesday, says: "Mr. W. R. Hukill,of Paris, was in the city Tuesday inthe interest of H. M. Bosworth's candidacy for State Auditor in the August primary election."Secretary Z. L. Wilcox, of theBourbon County Y. M. C. A., andfamily, and Mr. Owen L. Davis, leftthis morning for a few days' stay atCamp Daniel Boone, the Y. M. C. A.Camp, at Valley View, on the Kentucky River.Miss Jessie Spencer, who is visiting her sister, Mrs. Wm. B. Ardery,and family, near Paris, spent the dayWednesday at her old home in Lexington. Mr. and Mrs. Ardery willleave soon for a trip, and MissSpencer will be with their childrenduring their absence.Lieut. Robert Winn Snyder,Mrs. Snyder and Master Robert WinnSynder, of Louisville, are making anauto tour of the Blue Grass thisweek, taking in all the Central Kentucky towns. They will be guests offriends and relatives in Paris, Mt.Sterling and Lexington, the remainder of the week going to GrahamSprings for a short stay.Yesterday's Courier-Journal contains the following social note of interest to many Paris people: "MajSelby Frank, Mrs. Frank, and Mas-Jter Selby Frank will leave to-morrowto motor back to Governor's Island,after a visit to Maj. Frank's parents,Dr. Louis Frank and Mrs. Frank, onthe Manslick road. Mrs. LouisFrank returned yesterday from avisit to her daughter, Mrs. WilliamWareing, and Mr. Wareing, in Cleveland." (Other Personals on Page 3.)oSUMMER NECESSITIES IN FUENITUBE AT SEDUCED PRICESA big reduction on all summergoods, such as refrigerators, oilstoves, ovens, porch shades, porchfurniture, norch rugs. etc. All thwseason's goods, and of the best makes,but must be sold to make room forfall ,goods the big reductions during July.E. M. WHEELER,(1-tf) Robneel Building.Noticep. I. McCarthy Council, Knightsof Columbus, of this city, has revoii ti invitation to uarticipate inan alWay outing to be giVen o the LTrvbU0t. Urnc!V7 'br themembers'of:Bltie'Grass CbunciirKofC, of Lexington. : i: "1 ' ;Plans as 'perfected -at Ihe ' lastmeeting of the Lexington, organization are that the members of the twoCouncils' and their friends will leaveLexington on. an. interurbah car,leaving that. city at 8:30 o'clock, onthe morning of August 7, go toFrankfort, where they will board asteamer which lias been charteredfor a trip up the Kentucky River.Grand jnigh J"P. Banaban. will be'the ricifal speaker at the meeting.A program of interesting erents has-fce -planned 'for ih entertainmentof the Knights and their guests.James Douglas, at Main and Eleventhstreets.Miss Anne Molloy, attractiveParis visitor has just returned to herhome in Lexington from m Chicago,where she has been a member of ahouse party given by Mr. Hugh Dugan. Miss Janie .Marsh, who has been'seriously ill of typhoid fever at theMassie Memorial Hospital, in thiscity, for sereral weeks, is improvingrapidly, and will be able to return toher home in East Paris soon.Mr. and Mrs. Bryan Terwilliger,rof Cincinnati, have returned to theirhome after a visit to Capt. and Mrs.Clyde B. Terwilliger, in this city.Cant. Terwilliger has gone to CampDLx. in New Jersey, where he will bemustered out of the service.Mr. and Mrs. Carrol C. Chenault were hosts at dinner at theirhome in Mt. Sterling, Wednesdayevening. Their guests were MissesElmeta Hinton, of Paris ;.Bettie Perry, of Richmond; Elizabeth Judyand Allen Patterson, Abram Chilesand Carroll Chenault, Jr., of Mt.Sterling.Letters and postcard messagesfrom Mrs. White Varden to friendsand relatives in Paris; tell of the delightful time she and her daughter,Miss Mildred, are having 4n theirsummer home in Saunderstown, NewJersey. The weather' is delightfullycool .there, necessitating the wearingof wraps part of the time.Cynthiana Democrat:. "Rev. J.T'. Sharrard,' of Paris,' was hereTuesday on business... .Mr. AndyYoung has returned to Parfs after avisit to Mr. and Mrs. Edward Brown. .-. .Mrs. Atma'Morey left yesterdayfor heriiome in Alderson, W.' Va., after tf -visit of several -weeks o friendsJhare and in 'Bourbon county. .,vMra.iMaiTEraret Cook returned; Tuesday -af-1 -" . . -A 1. Iternoon- from a .visit to re.iauyes auiBourbon county."' ' rTnsip MercMirv: "Mr. and Mrs.B. TVf.Tune left Tuesday inorning fora few days' visit , with relatives inFelicity, Ohio.' After a short stajrthey will go to Cincinnati to buygoods for their Paris store. Somedays ago Mr. Tune purchased theFive and Tew Cent Store of C. IP.Mann, in Paris, and will open hisplace pf .business on August 1, handling 'dry' goods, iiotionsVetc.-. '. .-Mrs.Tillie Hamilton Feeback has ReturnedThis is to warn the public not tocash checks presented by my son,Ross Morris, and purporting to bearmy signature. He has no authorityto sign my name to checks.(25-lt) OR ANT MORRIS.tThe Greatest Values Ever Offered the Public of Bourbon County7,OllllUUChange-in-Basiness Sale !iXIIIKIOur Entire Stock of Ready-to-Wear and DryGoods Sacrificed For Immediate ClearanceIIaI'A Few of the Many Savings Offered in This SaleII1Ladies' SuitsOne lot Suits, $25, $30. 135Suits, $39.50, atSuits, 50.00, at .Suits, 60.00, atSuits, 69.50, at$16.98. 27,5034.7545.0049.50Ladies' Silk and GeorgetteDressesLadies' Dresses, $39.50, at $29.50Ladies' Dresses, 49.50, at 39.50Ladies' Dresses, 75.00, at 59.50Ladies' Wash DressesLadies' Wash Dresses, $12.50. .Ladies' Wash Dresses, 15.00. .Ladies' Wash Dresses, 19.75. .Ladies' Wash Dresses, 25.00. ... 12.98.. 16.98.. 19.75Children's White DressesChildren's Dresses, $3.50, at $2.98Children's Dresses, ,4.50, at 3.98Children's Dresses, 7.50. at 5.98Children's Dressei, 10.00, at 8.48Children's Dresses, 12,50, at 1 0.98Children's Gingham Dresses$2.00 Dresses at: $1.69$3.00Dresses at 2.59$5.00Dresses at 4.49$6.00 Dresses at 5.48Dolmans and Capes at Greatly ReducedPrices. Very Few Prices.MillineryLadies9 HatsLotNo. 1, worth up to $5.00, at. . ..$1.00Lot No. 2 2.48'LotNo. 3 4.98Lot No. 4 6.981vllLadies' SkirtsLadies' Skirts, $10.00. at $ 7.98Ladies' Skirts, 15. 00. at 1 2.98Ladies' Skirts, 20.00, at 1 6.98Ladies' WaistsLadies' Waists, $1.50, at $1.19Ladies' Waists, 2.00, at 1 .69Ladies' Waists, 2.50, at 2; 1 9Ladies' Waists, 3.00, at 2.59Ladies' Waists. 3.50, at 2.98Ladies' Waists, 4.00, at 3.39Ladies' Waists, 5. 00, at 4.29Ladies' Waists, 6.00 and $6.50, at 4.98Ladies' Waists, 7.50, at 5.98Ladies' Waists, 10.00, at 7.98Ladies' Waists, 12.50, at 9.98Ladies' Waists, 15.00, at 1 2-98Ladies' Waists, 17.50, at 1 4.98Ladies' Hose9fr nnalitv 1950c quality 3Sc -oc quaiixy59c:; r Iuniiaren s miaay uresses kChildren's Dresses, $5.50, at $4.98Children's Dresses; 6.00, at 5.39 ::. BTHIS SALE IS STRICTLY CASH ! NO CREDIT IAbsolutely Nothing Taken Back. Exchanged or Sent on ApprovalDuring This Sale.imJLFoundAutomobile 'license tag No. 18887.Owner can obtain same by. calling atrfiis office and paying advertisingcharges.Beautify your Homtfwnn ourNew(StylishWallPopers.LATEST LIST OF EDISONRE-CREATIONSThe list of RE-CREATIONS for theNew Edison which is put on sale thismonth is a very interesting one. Theleading numbers are two wonderfulselections from Rossini's "StabatMater," which is conceded to be oneof the finest sacred works ever composed. Jacques Urlus, the celebratedtenor of the MetroDolitan. siners "Cu-jus Animam" and Alice Verlet andMargaret Matzenauer, also operaticstars of the first magnitude, thewonderful duet. "Quis est homo."Alice Verlet also has two attractivevocal waltzes and Arthur Middletonsings the classic character song,"Father O'Flynn."The most unusual and perhaps themost satisfactory number on this listfs the old favorite "Little AlabamaCoon," sung by the greatest operaticsoprano in the world, Frieda Hempel.She is assisted by the01d Home Singers. Marie Tiffany gives to wonderful Re-CREATIONS, "My Redeemerand My Lord" and "Sing Me toSleet " and Maereie Teyte. who isnow the reigning success in Londonin the Opera Comique, "MonsieurBeaucaire," offers two attractivenegro songs, "Ma Curly Headed Bab-by" and "I'se Gwine Back to Dixie."There are three unique numbersplayed on' unusual musical instruments. "Kathleen Marourneen" isplayed on tfce zimbalom, a kind ofmodern dulcimer, which is usuallyassociated with Hungarian music."Sniifhfirn .Melodies." which includes our ''Old Black Joe," "My OldKentucky Home," "Old Folks atHome" -and VMassa's in the Cold,Cold Ground" are renaerea on mebells by John' F. Burkhardt, who isan .T-lof in jf"hc otvlA flf rmisfo. AHew Waltz Caprice by H. Benne Hen-1ton is played by its composer on tnesaxophone.The balance of the .program ismade up 'of the most recent BroadW9v danee successes, an extremelyhnmnroim Rube' sketch "At the ICounty Fair," and a number of pop- jular songs,, ballads ana warcnes.iuanwsLA a. XMr&AvsKzmtAKZs m vsmuJi- ?ftj a u J&ftvdAArW ra ? m h-f ' ''S -'i '"rify'.' 4-"Take a look at your old papers on the Waif and-thenjcome in and look at our new, up-to-date Watt. 'l papers. 'i & Ynu UnnA not KnW manv Doisonous "flfirms"lurk hidden in tKe cracks of your' rooms.Be sanitary and beautify-your home for your- 'family's sake. And you may have visitors. "--..j ,' 'hy -'it&.Buy your wall, paper-and thinbs .from us.ancl" ..-know it is right.-.. T- vVy ,-;ilfrii. ',U.'-Y&g&u X.u - -THE J. T. HMTON CO,EltHERPHONE 3 - PARIS, KENTUCKY . SIXTH AN, ' Motor Hearse Motor Invalid Coach UndertakingV- ir'jpageiix zv&MmmmwTHE BOUBBOH HEWS, PABIS, KEHTTJCn raWHW", -liEIDAYj. JULT-25f'ltl9.6This week we have added F. A. CHITTUM, OIL EXPERT, Vinchester, Kentucky, to our BOARD andwe r.cw haveSEVENTEEN COUNTRY GENTLEMENBred and Bern Fighting for HONESTY and FAIR PLAY are DIRECTINGthe Affairs of theDreadnaught Oil and Refining CompanyINCORPORATEDDIRECTORS:OIL IS MONEY.Hon. Thad Cheatham, Taylorsville, Ky.C. E. Hoffman, Oil Producer, Richmond, Ind.H. E. Swain, Secretary Farmers' Ware HouseCo., Smithfleld, Ky.Dr. B. F. Shields, Taylorsville, Ky.Geo. W. Kerr, Farmer, Finchville, Ky.T. A. Price, Banker, Shelbyville, Ky.L. A. Thompson, Farmer, Taylorsville, Ky.Dr. W. W. Hyatt, Willisburg, Ky.James Cotton, Farmer, Taylorsville, Ky.A. M. H inkle, Farmer, Bloomfield, Ky.Dr. J. T. Tichenor, Taylorsville, Ky.W. H. Sanford, Farmer, Smithfleld, Ky.E. T. HoIIoway, Farmer, Taylorsville, Ky.L. P. Wetherby, Banker, Middletown, Ky.Levi Ruby, Farmer, Bloomfield, Ky.John Colvin, Merchant, Willisburg, Ky.F.A. Chittum, Oil Expert, Winchester, Ky.OFFICERSThad Cheatham, Pres.C. E. Hoffman, Vice-Pres.H. E. Swain, Sec'y-Treas.W. H. Haney, General Counsel99 of the Oil Companies PROPERLY MANAGED PAY large DIVIDENDS.The DREADNAUGHT IsAnd Always will be Properly ManagedBecauseOUR DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS haveCut OutALL PROMOTION STOCK,AdoptedECONOMY as the WATCHWORDAnd as itsPOLICY To drill, drill, drill produce oil, oil,oilpay, pay, pay DIVIDENDS.And WithThese Officers and Directors vigorously carryingforward this POLICY the SUCCESS of the Company is ASSURED.LEASE HOLDINGS IN KENTUCKY81 acrea In the Famous MOULDER FLOWING WELLS POOL In Warren County. One well now drilling,another to start immediately a 8,000 barrel well just completed in this Pool, two others recently drilled, one reported flowing 200 barrels in two hours, another 500 barrels in seven hours, creating the greatest excitement ofANY OIL strike ever in the State.90 acres in Allen County, Frost Pool, joining the Mc Reynolds Lease w"ith 24 producing wells from 10 to 700barrels each, and surrounded on every side by PRODUCTION. We will start immediately, and drill many wellson this Lease.A 50 barrel well in, another drilling, and many more to follow on our Royalty SO acre Lease in the heart of theAllen County production, and only 1 miles from the McReynolds Lease.2 Wells ready to be tested by the pump on our 175 acre Cannel City Lease, production on three sides, andbetween the famous 750 barrel Cannel City Number One, and the big Well just recently drilled in, being about 3of a mile from each of these Wells.On our 400 acre Cumberland County Lease, we are cleaning out and getting ready to put on the pump oneWell, and we will start to drill others immediately.In addition to these Immediate production tracts, we have other valuable leases 471. acres in Lee, 912 acresin Wolfe, 14 acres in Allen, 182 acres in Knox, and 1,500 acres in Cumberland and Adair Counties, in all 3,805acres.DIVIDENDSWe make no fabulous claims, nor do we offer any "Get-rlch-quick" schemes, as an inducement to buy ourstock, but just as soon as we get our production in marketable shape, we will start paying a conservative dividendWhich we will Increase steadily until the DREADNAUGHT Stock is a permanent, profitable investment."OUR COMPANY IS MANAGED BY DIRECTORS WHO HAVE INVESTED $1,000.00 ORMORE EACH IN STOCK. AND EACH COMMUNITY WHERE WE HAVE A NUMBER OFSTOCKHOLDERS IS ENTITLED TO A DIRECTOR. SPECIAL PROPOSITION TO PARTYWHO CAN QUALIFY."We invite you to join us in our great mutual undertaking to make the DREADNAUGHT one of the LARGEEST, the post PROSPEROUS and best MANAGED Company ever organized.TIME TO BUYBEFORE THE INCREASE TO7V2 CENTS OR MORE.iDREADNAUGHT OIL AND REFINING CO.616 INTER-SOUTHERN BLDG.,LOUISVILLE, KENTUCKY.GENTLEMEN: I hereby purchase shares of the Capital Stock of the DREADNAUGHT OIL AND REFINING COMPANY, Incorporated, fully paid, non-assessable. Capitalization $1,000,000.00. PAR VALUE 10c PER SHARE. Enclosed please find $ in FULL (ORPART) payment at the rate of 5c per share.NAME OCCUPATIONADDRESSOn the PARTIAL PAYMENT PLAN: Send 1-5 of the amount, balance In four equal monthlypayments. Balance due on all Installment payments will be accepted after PRICE IS ADVANCED,and stock issued.DREADNAUGHT OIL AND REFINING CO.,516 Inter-Southern Bldg., Louisville, Ky.P. S AFTER GIVING THIS TO THE PRESS, REPORT BY TELEGRAM SAYS THE CUMBERLAND COUNTY WELL HAS COME IN GOOD; MUCH EXCITEMENT. WILL REPORTLATER.KENTUCKY CROP REPORT SHOWSLARGE INCREASES.A tremendous tobacco crop of approximately 469,893,000 pounds, dueto increased acreage, and a wheatyield of about 12,892,000 bushels,are the features of the Governmentcrop report for Kentucky issued Saturday. This month's preliminary ..estimateof jhe acreage of corn indicates acrop of about 91,066,000 bushels.The tobacco acreage might havebeen, even greater had the weatherbeen uniformly favorable, but as tohceo can be set in July and .stillmake a good crop, setting is still inprogress in some places and theacreage shows an increase of about16 per cent over the State as a whole.The following is the report of conditions in the Fifth District, ofwhich Bourbon is a part:Considerable tobacco set or re-setfirst week of July. Corn late butgrowing well, some weedy. Wheatlodged and some badly damaged bycontinued rains; other sections ofthis district had much dry weather.Bluegrass seed good in most sections north of Kentucky River, butlight south of river. Many new tobacco barns going up.TWICE MARRIED.Twice marrjed is the unusual record of 16-year-old Mary Thacker, ofBreathitt county. She was marriedin Whitesburg, Ky., to Bwens Adams,aged 24, of Colly Creek. It was thesecond marriage of both the brideand the groom. They met for thefirst time about a week ago and itwas a case of "love at first sight."The Governor of Pennsylvania hasrefuse to give Harry Thaw up andthis relieves the country of any moreprominence of this disgusting creature.red Nervous MothersShould Profit by the Experienceof These Two WomenGOV. BLACK ENCOURAGES' MOONLIGHT SCHOOL" MOVEMENTKentucky's Governor has issuedthe following message of encouragement and appreciation of the moonlight school teachers and those whoare fighting to wipe out Kentucky'silliteracy before the census of 1920is taken:"While the countries of Europelebuild their ruined cities and rehabilitate their industries, it is ourprivilege in the United States to rehabilitate the lives of our fellow citizens. One of the most necessary andmost noble reconstruction tasks is toteach all those who are unable, toread and write. We must do this before the Commonwealth and the nation can make great advancement."The teachers and citizens of Kentucky are pioneers in this movement,which has now become nation-wideand has even been attempted in othercountries. The movement which theyhave so unselfishly fostered, demands the best that is in us all atthis time when the last battle of thiscrusade against illiteracy in Kentucky is being waged."I honor the moonlight schoolteachers and set a high value uponthe service which they are volunteering to render to humanity and tothe State. May that service enrichtheir own lives as much as it willbless their fellow-men and the greatCommonwealth of Kentucky."JAMES D. BLACK, Governor."July 24, 1919."OF LOCAL INTERESTSome People We Know, and We WillProfit By Hearing About ThemThis is a purely local event.It took place in Paris.Not in some faraway place.You are asked to investigate it.Asked to believe a citizen's wordTo confirm a citizen's statement.Any article that is endorsed athome is more worthy of confidence,than one you know nothing about.'Endorsed by unknown people.Floyd H. Rankin, grocer, LillestonAvenue and Lucas street, says: "Ihave used Doan's Kidney Pills offand on for years and have beengreatly benefited by them. At timesI have suffered severely with kidneycomplaint. My back often painedme and was lame most all the time.The kidney secretions were too frequent in passage and greatly annoyed me. When I have been this way,I have always found that a box ofDoan's Kidney Pills has never failedto cure me of the attack in shortorder."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Rankin had. Foster-MilburaCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)SUMMERCOMPLAINT INDREN.CHTL-There is not anything like so manydeaths from this disease now as before Chamberlain's Colic and Diarrhoea Remedy came into such general use. When this remedy isgiven with castor oil as directed andproper care is taken as to diet, it issafe to say that fully ninety-nine outof every hundred cases recover. Mr.W. G. Campbell, of Butler, Tenn.,says: "I have used Chapiberlian'sColic and Diarrhoea Remedy forsummer complaint in children. It isfar ahead of anything I have everused for this purpose."(july-adv)KENTUCKY'S OLDEST MANVISIT BLUE GRASS FAIR.TOV&t?Nw?UiBuffalo," N. Y. "I am the mother of four children, and forneany tnree years i sunerea irom a temale trouble with painsin my DacK ana siae, ana a general weakness. I had professional attendance most of that time but did not seem toget well. As a last resort I decided to try Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound which I had seenadvertised in the newspapers, and in two weeks noticeda marked improvement. I continued its us and amnow tree from pain and able to do all my house-'woric." Mrs. B. B. Zbslinska, 202 Weiss Street,Buffalo, N. Y.Portland, Ind."! had a displacement and sufferedso badly from it at times Lcouldmo.t be on my feetat all. I was all run down and so weak I could notdo my housework, was nervous and could not lieuown at mgnu. 1 tooK treatments from a physicianwuu lucy urn. uuc ueip me. my .auni; recommenaeaV T.VfHo T "PirlrVOTvio T7V nA4-n TO. n,,A 1 i- Jit and now I am strong and well again and doi my own work and I give Lydia E. Pinkham's1 Compound the credit." -Mrs. Josbphinijumble, y3& west Kaca street, Portland, ind.LEXINTON, KY., July 24.John Shell, the oldest man in theworld, being credited with from onehundred and sixteen to one hundredand thirty-one years, will be invitedto come from his home on GreasyCreek, Leslie county, to the Blueass Fair, the first "week in September as the guest of the Pair association. If he comes, Mr. Shell will cele-brate his birthday here. He will beeither 116, as he thinks, or 131, assome records show, on Sept. 3. Hesays that day will find him 116 years iold, to the best of his recollection,but Henry Chappell, who lives inthe same neighborhood, says he hasseen a tax receipt showing Mr. Shellpaid taxes in 1809, when he wouldhave had to be 21 years old.Whether he is 116or 131, Mr. Shellwill be given a rousing reception ifhe accepts the invitation to come toLexington.HOT WATERAT THE TURN OF THE TAPAlways ready. Nothing to do but toopen the faucet. The most convenient the' most efficient the most gratifying thing amongall modern household conveniences.lLJMIHIUEjf the main. Opening the faucet startsU TO 1V1 iTl Vt faucet is closed. That stops expense.rkC 1AA1TD UCATCD About one cent for ten gallons pasVWW iTMl kit IH.MI Lit for this remarkable service.You owe it to your, family and yourself to Investigate this wonderful Automatic Water Heatery Let us show it to you.mmFor Sale ByT. W. SPICERy.VSS'GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Ptasant Streets, Paris, Ky.I3CSIiI Bourbon Laundry!ft aDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4$m$m1 t-West Fifh StreetSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improve-merits in laundry appliancesJ!f j and expert helpers we arev j prepared to do work inferior to none, and solicityour patronage.sT anr A prycXIIXIXIXIXIXIX1 1I The Bourbon Laundry jj fans, Kentucky xCJDSSiErery Sick Woman Should TryIYDIA E: PINKHAM SVEGETABLE COMPOUND.iliA&Jv&u.t?LYWA E.WNKHAM MEDICINE maYNN &.Southern Optical Co. fIncorporatedManufacturers of Perfect-Fitting. SPECTACJLEv ANDEYE GLASSESj Krjptoks Artificial EyesInvisible Bifocal Lenj4th H Chestnut St, '-LOUISVILLE, KY.The News Job Department is Always Busy"There's a Reason." Work Done RightMake Your Milk DeliveriesBY TRACTIONKy. Traction & TerminalCo.INTEEUBBAN SCHEDUIECARS LEAVELexington Por. ParisA. M. 6.0 OxA. M. 7:20A. M. 8:50A. M. 10:20A. M. 11.50P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.1:202:504:206:007:209:10P. M. 11:00Paris, Por. LexinetomA.-M. 6:45A. M. 7:15xA. M. 8:15A. M. 9:45A. M. 11:15P. M. 12:45P. M. 2:15P. M. 3:45P. M. 5:15P. M. 6:50P. M. 8:15P. M. 10:05(x) Daily except Sunday.A Special ShowingofNew VoilesandOrgandiesFor the Summer TradeALL THE NEWESTSHADES AND PATTERNSat50c -&e yard.TWIN BROS.tTJV9ml$M-,MWA1 COMPAHT7th..Parte, Kyvi-. ..KENTUCKY TEACTIOH AMD TEE-HjyFRIDAY, JULY 25, 1919.THE BOUBBOlf NEWS, PABIS,KXNTGCTYm&fl;fg)ZXX?Z?XSXXXmXXK!OLD AGE STARTSWITH YOUR KIDNEYSScience ears that old agre begins with"weakened kidneys and digestive org-ans.This being true, it is easy to believe"Miat by keeping: the kidneys and dijestive organs cleansed and in properTor2:ingr order old age can be deferredsind life prolonged far beyond that enjoyed by the average person.For over 200 years GOLD MEDALHaarlem Oil has been relieving theweaknesses and disability due to advancing years. It Is a standard oldtime home remedy and needs no introduction. GOLD MEDAL Haarlem Oil isinclosed in odorless, tasteless capsulescontaining about 5 drops each. Takethem as you would a pill, with a smallswallow of water. The oil stimulatesthe kidney action and enables thiorgans to throw oft the poisons whichcause premlture old age. New life andStrength increase as you continue thetreatment. When completely restoredcontinue taking a capsule or two eachday. GOLD MjSDAL Haarlem Oil Capsules will keep you in health and rigorand prevent a return of the disease.Do not wait until old age or diseasehave settled down for good. Go to yourdruggist and get a box of GOLDMEDAL Haarlem Oil Capsules. Moneyrefunded if they do not help you. Threesizes. But remember to ask for theoriginal Imported GOLD MEDAL brand.In sealed packages.KJXJIkvHOPSE PASSES DRASTIC PROHIBITION LAW.WASHINGTON, July 24. Theprohibition enforcement bill, described by members opposing it asdrastic enough to invite a Presidential veto, finally passed today by theTToiifce.The vote on the passage of the'bill was 287 to 100, with three members voting present.The vote was taken after a motionby Representative Igoe, Democrat,Missouri, to recommit the bill hadbeen defeated 225 to 136. Nearlyvery member of the House was inattendance and there was so muchnoise during the rollcall that Republican Leader Mondell was recordedas supporting the Igoe motion. Hewas permitted to change his vote.REAPPOINTED POSTMASTERMr. Lee W. Hardman, who has beenassistant postmaster at the Austerlitzpostoffice for more than a year, received an official communication fromWashington, D. C, notifying him ofhis appointment of postmaster incharge of the office. Mr. Hardmanhad made a faithful and competentofficial, and the patrons of the officeare glad td know of his promotion.AMERICAN ELEET -TO PAY MEXICO A VISIT.More than $360,000,000 is now invested in American shoemaking andmore than 300,000 wage earners areemployed.Delicate MechanismDespite its scope Swift &Company is a business of infinite details, requiring infiniteattention.Experienced men must knowlivestock buying with a knowledge of weight, price, the amountand quality of meat the liveanimals will yield.Each manufacturing: operation mustbe done with expert skill and scientificprecision. A highly perishable productmust be handled with speed and careto avoid loss.Chemists, engineers, accountants,and other specialists are required totake care of our intricate problems.Alert wisdom and judgment mustbe used in getting stocks of goods intothe open channels of demand throughour four hundred branch houses.Branch house organizations mustshow activity and energy to sell at themarket in the face of acute competition from other large packers, andhundreds of small ones.All these requirements of intelligence,loyalty, devotion to the task, are metin the personnel of Swift & Company.Yet the profit is only a fraction of a centper pound with costs at minimum.How can the workings of this delicate human mechanism be improvedupon?Do you believe that Governmentdirection would add to our efficiencyor improve the service rendered theproducer and consumer?Let us send you a Swift "Dollar".It will interest you.Address Swift & Company,Union Stock Yards, Chicago, HI.Swift & Company, U. S. A..J?WUHJUiUh UU VIMUVJZ9685ToShAIUmt)o oTHIS SHOWSWHAT BECOMES OFTHE AVERAGE DOLLARRECEIVED BYSWIFT & COMPANYFROM THE SALE OF MEATAND BY WW DUCTS15 CENTS IS PAID TOR THEUVE ANIMAL12. M CENTS FOR LABOREXPENSES AND FREIGHT2.04 CENTS REMAINSWITHSWHTtCOWfANYAS PROFITWe OfferDUQUESNE LIGHT COMPANY(fltUbvrffa)First Mortgage Collateral Trust 6 BondsDue July 1, 1949Price 100 and Interest Yielding 6$James C. Willson & Co.,210 3. FIFTH STREETLOUISVILLE,. KY.WASHINGTON, July 24. The Pacine fleet is being rushed to Mexican Iwaters following the report thatAmerican seamen from the UnitedStates ship Cheyenne were held upand robbed by Mexicans.The fleet, under command of Admiral Hugh Rodman, Kentuckian,has been officially ordered to the Pacific coast, but it is stated on goodauthority here that the 200 vesselscomprising the flotilla, will castanchor in several Mexican ports anddemand to know "why."The fleet of warships which leftHampton Roads, were joined Sundayby scores of destroyers and othercraft, and by the time Mexican waters are reached will number morethan 200 vessels.In spUe of the expected "stopoff" in. Mexican waters, the fleet isscheduled to arrive at the PanamaCanal, July 25, at San Diego, Cal.,August 7, and San Francisco,August 17.Tension in the relations betweenthe United States and Mexico hasbeen increased by the Administration's determination to demandprompt satisfaction from the Mexican Government for the robbery ofAmerican seamen on board thelaunch of the United States steamship, Cheyenne, coupled with President Wilson's intention to press aninquiry into the Carroll murder case.j ton officials to disguise the fact thatWashington regards the situation asserious.Mexico has not only earned the enmity and suspicion of the UnitedStates, but the allied nations as well,at least two or wmon ((ireat amainand France) have large bills to present against the Mexican Government for destruction of propertiesowned by their citizens.For this reason the enforced accounting of Mexico for her misdeedswill not take place merely becausethe United States desires it. Othernations are equally insistent thatsteps shall be taken to bring itabout. Great Britain, France andHolland all have their claims, whichthey have tried to press throughdiplomatic channels.These countries have a commoncause against Mexico, and that Government has answered each of themin the same insolent manner.The day of reckoning will dealwith the many millions of dollars'worth of American property thathas been destroyed and the more thanann American citizens who have beenruthlessly murdered south of the RioGrande: The United States is certain to demand more than attemptedexplanation or open apology fromthe Carranza regime for the continued abuses which American citizenshave suffered in Mexican territory.BURNING BALLOON ALIGHTS ONCHICAGO BANK ROOFCHICAGO, July 24. The IllinoisTrust smd Savings Ibank, Jacksonboulevard and La Salle street, in theheart of Chicago's shopping district,was converted in the twinkling of aneye Monday afternoon from a placeof bustling business activity into ascene of death and destruction.Literally, the fatal bolt came outof a clear sky. Unseen and unsuspected by the bank employes engrossed in their duties, a giant dirigibleballoon passing 500. feet above thestructure, suddenly burst into flamesCrumpling to earth like a birdwounded in flight, the mammoth aircraft plunged downward.Spectators in the street werestricken motionless with horror whenthey beheld the balloon droppingwith its gas bag afire and witnessedthe desperate efforts of the pilotand the four passengers to savethemselves by means of their parachutes. Inside the bank there was nothing to warn the workers of the swiftly-descendingdoom. It was past theregular banking hours, but the clerkswere still busy at their variousdesks. A shadow fell across themarble rotunda as if a cloud werepassing over the huge skylight inthe top of the structure. The nextinstant there was a deafening crash,and the whole building seemed to beenveloped- in flames, through whichcould be heard the screams andgroans of the wounded.The present toll of 11 dead maybe increased, as several of the 26injured are so badly hurt that theyare not expected to live. Nine of the11 killed were employes of the bank,while the other two were passengersin the balloon. One of the latterwas Earl Davenport, former sportingwriter, who was publicity man forthe Chicago amusement park, forwhich the dirigible was making itsflight. Davenport apparently did notget an opportunity to jump, as didthe other occupants, for his bodywas hurled through the bank roofand burned to a crisp. Carl Weaver,mechanic, of Akron, O., the otherpassenger who lost his life, attemptedto leap from the burning machinewith his parachute, but was caughtin the falling balloon and burnedJ. A. Boettner, the civilian pilot ofthe ill-fated airship, was the onlyxme to land without injury.'illgiiRUGGLESHI M - - IS Bank Row, Paris, Ky. IHOUSE OF COMMONS COMPLETESCONSIDERATION OF PEACETREATY.LONDON, July 24. At what wasvirtually an all-night session, theHouse of Commons completed its consideration of both the German peacetreaty and the Anglo-French convention. The bill carrying approval of theGerman treaty was considered incommittee of the whole, excitinglengthy debate, in which PremierLloyd George took an active part.The bill was then placed before theHouse and passed its third reading,after a motion by John Devlin to reject it as a protest against the Premier's attitude toward Ireland hadbeen defeated by 163 to 4.Then at 3 a. m. the Anglo-Frenchpact was taken up and the bill approving it was unanimously adoptedafter a short but sharp debate inwhich the argument that the treatywas not consistent with the spirit ofthe League of Nations failed to findany substantial echo.The German treaty passed throughall its stages.In concluding his speech on thetreaty Premier Lloyd George, whilemaking no claim of perfection for it,expressed confidence that any defectswould be remedied by the League ofNations. Notwithstanding its imperfections, the Premier declared thetreaty would stand as "a lignthousein the deep and a warning to nationsand rulers of nations against theperil which the German Empireshattered itself against."the MccormickImproved Mowers.yy."siBKaMKBBaa5". They used to tell up in 1896 thatwe wanted a fifty-cent dollar, butnow we have a twenty-five cent dollar when it comes to buying hogmeat."Gee-WhizIHowitHnrtsThe Pain in My Foot I"SENATOR BECKHAM DEFENDSTHE LEAGUE OF NATIONSThe common sense of the greatmass of American people will prevailover the "prophets of evil" who areopposing the League of Nations, Senator Beckham declared in a speechin the Senate. He said that the people do not share fears expressed bySenate critics, but see in the leaguea means of preventing future wars,all other methods having failed. Hepredicted ignominous defeat. for theRepublicans if they make the leaguean issue in the next Presidentialcampaign.oA new electrical call bell for hospital patients' use gives a continuoussignal until a person answering itshuts off the current.'-EflrQhHBHtf"Sometimes it is in my arm. MercifulHeaven, how my back hurts in the morning!" It's alldue to an overabundance 'ofthat poisoncalled uricacid. The kidneys are notable to get ridof it. Suchconditions youcan readilyovercome, andprolong life bytaking the advice of Dr.Pierce, whichi3 "keep the kidneys in good order.""Avoid too much meat, -alcohol or tea.Drink plenty of pure water, preferablyhot water, before meals, and drive theuric acid out of the system by takingAmine." This can Jje obtained atalmost any drug store.'.Send a bottle of water to the chemistat Dr. Pierce's Invalids' Hotel, Buffalo,N. Y., and you will receive free medicaladvice as to whether the kidneys areaffected. When your kidneys get sluggish, and clog, you suffer from backache,sick-headache, dizzy spells, or twingesand pains of lumbago, rheumatism orgout; or sleep ia disturbed two or threetimes a night, take heed, before too late.Get Anuric (anti-uric-acid), for -it willput new life into your kidneys and yourentire system. Ask your nearest drug-gist for it-or send Dr.-Pierce ten cents4 .for trial. package. . ' - .,Save Time, Labor, Troubleand Moneyby using the Improved McCormick Mower. It does thework and does it right. MoCormick users have notrouble or worry,7V-, rC. S. Ball GarageFourth and Pleasant Streets,The Home Telephone Your ServantFor Only a Few Cents Per Day NvLet us analyze his qualification s: He Is polite, intelligent, willUralways on duty day or night. " -He will instantly present to you the grocer, butcher, baker orAaay of.the trades-folks, or the doctor, fire department or police In mtrgMCFaHe will go far beyond the confines of the town and bring to you lmamazingly short time a member of the family or one of your good pro"1pective customers.He will summons the railroad, boat or theatre ticket in a few MCronds.feAnd as to wages, he will only cost you in residence from 6 to 8c' tvN,day; in place of business from 10 to 12c per day.mParis Home Telephone TelcgrafehCompany i(Incorp orated)J; J.jYtcfc'ltttotlDaigeaf. .. . . W CumtvLtiil)AsBPi-uniioflTTHE BOUigWH HIWS, PAJLIS, DHnUCKYPKHXAY, JULY , III,W'rMILLERSBURGremainsMr. Henry Pattersonabout the same.Master Ennis Earl Insko, thelittle son of Mrs. Lucy Insko, is critically ill.Mr. Throckmorton, of Newport,is the guest of his sister, Mrs. Martha Vimont.Mr. W. H. Smedley returnedJTuesday after a two-weeks' sojournat "Grayson Springs.Mrs.' Turner Perry, of Owings.,rille,is the guest of her mother, Mrs.Aifla- McClintock, and family.Don't fail to see our line ofshoes. Buy from us and we will saveyou money. R. M. CALDWELL.Miss Ruth McClintock enteritained a number of her lady friendsMonday evening in honor of Mrs. J.iW!. Mock, of Ashland. Mrs. R. L.Tarr entertained Tuesday afternoonin jhonor of the same. A delightfultime was experienced at both entertainments. Ices and cakes wereserved.Mr. and Mrs. R. K. Vaught,who have been the guests of theirparents, Mr. and Mrs. T. D. Judy,for the past two weeks, left Wednesday for their home in Indianapolis,InL, accompanied by Mr. and Mrs.IJudy, and their aunt, Miss Mary H.Taylor, and their niece, Miss Katherine Judy.A note to THE NEWS from Maj.!C. TvLBest, dated at North Wildwood',New Jersey, says: "Myself, wife andCapt. Roche, Sr., will leave here forKentucky to-morrow morning, going?by auto. We will stop over a day ortwo in Philadelphia, but hope toreach Millersburg by July 28 or 29.We are in splendid shape, and havehad a fine time."Mrs. "R. M. Caldwell has accepted xhe agency for the Sugar CreekCreamery Company, which, has beenrecently given up by Mrs. Lucyfasko, "and will be glad to receiveyour cream at the market price. Thearcy .will be operated in the roomof " rrs. Sue V. Sandusky, recently occurred by Mrs. Insko, and wilf beopen six days in the week. If at anytime the station is not open you willleave your cans at the Caldwell grocery. Your cream will be tested andyou will receive your check with yourcan. We propose to give prompt attention,-good service, and courteoustreatment to all.r Henry Derrickson, colored, aged!&boutr65, one of our most highly respected colored citizens, died Sundayahout 8:00 p. m., while on the-street. He was going from his homeito tfiat of a friend, when tie wasseized. With heart trouble, and. expired in about five minutes. For thepast few months he had been suffering from heart trouble, but his condition, was not thought to be serious.Her belonged to one of the old substantial colored families of Millershnrg, and was thoroughly reliableand highly respected by all who knew!biTttT He was industrious, and hadaccumulated a nice competency.The past few years he has raisedseveral-good crops of tobacco, for-vvhich he received fancy prices. Heis- survived by his wife, four sonsand one daughter. Interment Tuesday afternoon in the Colored Cemetery, after funeral services at colored' Methodist church, by his pastor,Rev. H.-A. Stewart.At Frankfort, Tuesday, Rev.James -Ernest Fisher and wife, Mrs.Aamie Elizabeth Fisher, of MillersiTurg, applied to Federal Court ClerkCharles Wiard for a passport toKorea, They will go to that countryto engage in missionary work atSoulrorea' '" o-3?CEMER 'BOURBON MAN BRINGSTJNUSTTAL SUIT.DEATHS.BLAKE.The funeral of Earl VincentBlake, brother of John and MichaelBlake, of this city, who died in St.Joseph's Hospital, in Lexington, after a short illness, was held in St.Joseph's Catholic church, at Winchester, Wednesday morning, at nineo'clock. The funeral cortege leftthe residence of his sister, Mrs. JohnDolphin, in Lexington, at seveno'clock. The body was taken to Mt.Sterling for interment in the Catholic Cemetery. The pall-bearers wereMichael McCarthy and M. Greenlee,of Maysville; John O'Geary, of Lexington; Thomas Elder, RobertWeaver Talbott and Herman Barlow,of Paris.Young Blake had been in the service of the United States in Franceseveral months, and had been recently mustered out at Camp Zachary Taylor.0TOTF.'R.T'-STTWO OTT, NOTESThe McCombs Producing and Refining Company, of Winchester, willmove its offices from Winchester toLouisville, .where they will be locatedon the nineteenth floor of the InterSouthern Building.oA meeting of the stockholders ofthe Great Lakes Oil Company, two ofthe oldest and largest oil companiesoperating in Kentucky, has beencalled for August 5, in Louisville, todiscuss the advisability of a consolidation of the two companies.The Brokers' Petroleum Company,which will maintain main offices inLexington, was incorporated Wednesday by articles filed with theCounty Clerk. The capital stock wasplaced at $100,000, divided into100,000 shares with a par value of$1 each. A general oil developmentbusiness will be done. Mr. Jesse M.Alverson, of near Paris, is one of thestockholders, having a block of onethousand shares. An organization ofthe stockholders will be effected onAugust 2.THINGS TO WORRY ABOUTCongressmen may vote for a drastic prohibition enforcement law, andyet have their cellars full of whisky.The vote, of course, is for the benefitof their constituents and the liquorin' the cellar, of a certainty, is fortheir own benefit. This may applyas far as the cellar is concerned, tomany in Paris.ALAMOAFTERNOON, 2.-00-5:30GRANDEVENING, 70-10:30 'ADMISSIONAdults 18c, war tax 2c 20cChildren and GaHery9c plus lc war tax 10c, Today, FridayTHos. H. luce PresentsCHARLES RAYIN"The Sheriffs Son"ALSO 'RUTH ROLANDIN"The Tiger's Trail"Tomorrow, SaturdayGeraldine FarrarIN'TheStrongerVow'Apache love in the heart ofParis.AlsoSUNSHINE COMEDY,"Oh, What a Knight"Monday, July 28thDUSTINFARNUMIN""The Gentlemann ij rrrom lotiiiAlso Jam Montgomery FlaggComedy"Beresford of the Baboons"'and Burton Holmes TravelPictureeIN THE SERVICE OF THEIRCOUNTRY.eFrank Brown and Walter Price,both colored, of Millersburg, took advantage of the new navy regulationswhich permits enlistments tor twoyears, and signed for that period atthe Lexington recruiting officeTuesday.son, Florida, where he will be mustered out, and expects to return toParis in a few days.One recruit was accepted Wednesday at the Lexington recruitingoffice. He was Everette Daniels, colored, of Millersburg, who enlisted asl mess attendant. Daniels is the fifthnegro who has enlisted from Millersburg during the last three days.Private Emmett Fry, son of Mr.and Mrs. J. N. Fry, of Paris, has received his honorable discharge fromthe service and returned home. Heenlisted in the 149th (the old SecondKentucky) Infantry and was overseas, in France, for ten months withthe A. E. F.Willie and George Letton whowere members of the Bourboncounty draft contingent, have returned from France, where they sawseveral months service in the Engineering Corps of the A. E. F. Bothreceived their final discharge papersat Camp Taylor this week, and returned to Paris to remain.Sergt. Jesse Harris, son of Mr.a-nd Mrs. L. D. Harris, of Paris, hasarrived in New York, according to atelegram received by his parents. Heentered the service eighteen monthsago, and has been overseas tenmonths in the Quartermaster's Corpsof the American ExpeditionaryForces. He was sent to Camp John-Fisher Collins has returned to hishome in this city, having recivedhis honorable discharge from the service. He entered the army serviceabout fifteen months ago, and spentone year in France with the American Expeditionary Forces. Beforehis enlistment he was an employe ofthe Paris Ice Manufacturing Co.MATRIMONIAL.eLieutenant James Clay Ward, ofParis, son of Mr. and Mrs. J. MillerWard, has arrived at Hoboken, NewJersey, from where he will proceedto a designated demobilization campfor his final discharge from the service. Lieut. Ward is a member ofthe Fifteenth Machine Gun Battalionof the Fifth Army Division. He wentoverseas in March, 1918.A marriage license was issuedWednesday afternoon from the officejof the Fayette County Clerk to Mr.Cherles E. Webber, twenty-two, ofCampbellsville, and Miss Betsy Kiser,j twenty-one of this county. Mr. Campbell is a young farmer of near Campbellsville,-and his intended bride isa daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Wat G.Kiser, of near Shawhan.Under date of July 23, the Philadelphia, Pa., branch of the SalvationArmy reports the safe arrival at thatport of the following Bourbon countysoldiers, who have been in the overseas service in France severalmonths. All the men were reportedas being well, and were going toC,amp Dix, New Jersey, where theywill be mustered out. The list is asfollows: Archie Carlisle, Wm. Small,Felix Pickland, Thos. Nicholas, LewisHawkins, all of Paris; Robert Green,George H. Brown and Carl Brown,all of Clintonvllle,RELIEF FOR HOUSEKEEPERSALL THE YEAR ROUNDKitchen Cabinets save time andlabor.A. F. WHEELER & CO.,(27-tf Opp. Court. House.MALLORY DICKERSON"The marriage of Mr. Earl Dickerson, formerly of Paris, now a resident of Lexington, and Miss TibiMallory, also of Lexington, tookplace recently in Lexington, at theresidence of the officiating minister,Rev. Benjamin Bush.The groom is the only son of Mr.and Mrs. Lawrence Dickerson, whoformerly resided here.. He is a graduate of the Paris High School, andwill be pleasantly remembered hereby his school associates and otherfriends. The bride is a decidedly attractive young woman, the daughterof Mr. and Mrs. E. C. Mallory, ofLexington.After a bridal tour through theNorth, Mr. and Mrs. Dickerson willreturn to Lexington, where they willreside temporarily at the home of thegroom's parents, at 271 East Highstreet. The Paris friends of theyoung couple unite in wishing themmuch happiness and prosperity.REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSMiller & Lilleston sold to-Mr. J. BlHudson, of Arkansas, a house and lot,and five additional lots located, infront of the Massie Memorial Hospital. The sale was made throughthe Paris Realty Company.The following' sales of real' estateare reported through the Paris Realty Co.: For Caywood & Young,six lots in the Fairview Addition toParis, to W. O. Butler, for ?800; thetwo-story residence of James L. Day,on Henderson street, in Paris, to Edward Stump, of Carlisle, for ?3,5u0.Mr. Stump will get possession of thehome on September l,.and will' moveto Paris to reside.There was a good attendance atthe public sale of the residence of thelate Miss Belle Mitchell, on Pleasant street, yesterday afternoon. Thisis one of the most desirable homes inthe city, and attracted a number ofbidders, who passed the figures alonguntil finally Auctioneer M. F. Kenney sold the property to Mr. HarryMitchell, of this city, for $8,450.The property, which was sold by theadministrator of the estate, Dr. J. T.Vansant, was advertised in THENEWS. The household goods andpersonal effects brought good prices.HAIL INSURANCE.Hail Insurance on tobaccos .Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.june24-tf)HAIL INSURANCE.Insure your tobacco againsthail withYERKES & FEED.Prompt and satisfactory adJustments.(june20-tf)Abram Renick"; of Wiuchester,asks $1,000 damages from T. B.Dewhurst, of Lexington, on theground that he refused and still refuses to turn over to him a Buick automobile purchased in a sale whichHenick says was null and void, according to a suit filed Wednesdaywita.the county clerk. The plaintiff .says that a Buick car No. 45,674,nis,property, was taken from hispremises and brought to Lexington,aad that the defendant purchased theautomobile. The sale was null andvfcic, according to the petition, as theparty -selling had no right to disposeof the car. The plaintiff says thatlie nas made demand for the returnof the machine, but that the defendant refused and still refuses to turnover the, machine or pay him thevalue thereof. He asks judgment inthe sum of $1,000., . o -CTE 3EDPATH CHAUTAUQUA.4 heCarlisle Mercury says regarding' the coming next year of the Redpath Chautauqua to this section:"S. C yjaughn received a telegram- f rm. the Redpath Chautauqua Comp&ay accepting the contract to include Carlisle in their circuit forext year at a contract price approximately $1,800. The telegram also"at that they had also bookedyxrw, Cynthiana, Lexington, Mt.Stffling,. Winchester and Frankfortla this '"immediate section. It wasreported here that Flemingsburg hadtfetUrad iato -a contract for Redpath,t& is not known definitely wheth--'?,-not they nave."ftClearance1Sale!MEN'S, WOMEN'S AND CHILDREN'S SUMMER FOOTWEARREDUCED FOR QUICK CLEARANCEThis sale is important. Shoes are going to be higher. We are compelled, as usual, to assemblemany short and broken lines of Summer Footwear and reduce some to a fraction of cost price forquick selling. The shoes in this sale are of the season's styles and can be seen the rest of thesummer and fall. Buy a pair for next summer.&&JkWomen's Gun Metal and PatentKid Oxfords and PumpsCuban and low heels, mostly small sizes,$3.00, $4.00 and $5.00 values$122Women's Canvas OxfordsTrimmed rubber sole, low heel, all sizes,v $2.00 values, at$124$5.00 Oxfords and Pumps $3.95Ladies dark, tan, black, patent kid, whitecolonial Oxfords and Pumps. Louis heel.$6.00 Oxfords, $4.45Ladies, Satin and Grey Oxfords, Louis andCuban heel, custom made.$4.00 Shoes, Oxfords, Pumps, $2.95Ladies' White Canvas Boots, Oxfords andPumps,, also Black Kid Pumps, Louis and lowEnglish heel. , All sizes. .$3.50 Oxfords and Pumps, $2.49Ladies' White Canvas Oxfords and Pumps,also Black Kid. High and low heel.$3.00 White Canvas Pumps, $1.95Ladies' White Canvas Pumps, Cuban andhigh heel, also Black Kid.$500 Men's Oxfords, $3.95Men's Patent Kid and Russian Tan Eng. Oxfords.$7.00 Men's Tan Oxfords, $5.95Mens Mahogany Tan English and Broad ToeOxfords "Walk-Over and other famous makes.$4.50 Men's Oxfords and Shoesat $2.99Men's Gun Metal Oxfords and Shoes, welts.$3.50 Boys' Gun Metal and Tan Lace o acOxfords, welts. ty$2.50 Boys' Gun Lace Shoes - dji yQ$4.00 Misses' Tan English Oxfords frcy qqat Ip&.WMisses' Canvas Shoes and Slippers dj a qChildren's Canvas and Patent Kid Pumps QQBarefoot Sandals orNo Charges or Approvals During This Sale.Substantial Reductions in All Other High Grade Shoes and Low CutsParis' GREATESTShoe StoreDAN COHENWhere Beauty andEconomy Reigni3Ssl'-.2 ' . !-)f-,