&&; - -' ' - - v -v a .". 1 - ? " Vv ..--:.., 1THE BOURBON " NEVVS !PUBLISHED EVERY- TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR, r; . . "A"- -i. -- .A-v-i fMvM3'J!vrVOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 2, 1919iV.HFUEL BESTEICTION ORDERSISSUED FOR TO-DAY,Orders eliminating electric signsand display advertising, limiting industries, except public utilities andplants engaged in continuous operations, to forty-eight hours' operation a week, restricting the hoursof stores and office buildings to 9 a.m. to 4 p. m., and theatres, moviesand all other public amusementplaces to 1 p. m. to 10:30 p. m.,were announced Sunduy by theRegional Coal Committee, effectivethroughout the Southern region atnoon yebterday.No oiders to the local Fuel Ad-,ministrator, James H. Thompson, tothis effect, were received here up tolas night, and until this has beendefinitely established the people arein a state of uncertainty as to vhatthey should do. Merchants were onthe anxious seat yesterday regarding the matter, and a number ofthem, including the clothing houses,agreed among themselves to observethe restrictions as outlined above.Paris is in the Southern regioncontrolled by the committee whichissued the above order, so, unlessthere Is a change in the situation,we bid fair to experience to -someextent at least, "iightless nights andTieatless days" for a while.Two prominent citizens of thecounty told THE NEWS yesterdaythat, while on their way to church,they spw four trains on the Louisville & Nashville, heavily loadedwith coal, one train in each block,while on another track was thesame number of empties, goingSouth. Large quantities of coalhave been observed here, and ontrains passing through.ALUMINUMWARE NICEGUTSXMASEverything in Aluminum Ware.Nothing makes a better Christmaspresent. Come and let us show you.(x) LOWRY & MAY.oOLD SANTA'S HEADQUARTERSOld Santa Claus has mede hisheadquarters at our store and hasbrought everything here to delightthe children let the little folks takea look. Wagons, Autos, Sleds,Sporting Goods, Rifles, Irish Mails,Drums, Skates, etc.; useful gifts,too, such as Robes, Foot Warmers,Heaters, Ranges, Buggy Robes,Guns, Ammunition, Flash Lights,etc.(x) FARMERS' SUPPLY CO.. - ST1)R30ISITS BOURBON.A wind storm of great velocity,accompanied by heavy rainfall, visited this section Friday, doing considerable damage. A large barn onthe farm of Willis Liver, near Austeilitz, was blown down, and thejrop of tobacco it contained wa.-;ruined by ram. Roads leading intoParis weie dotted with telephone.poles and dead wood blown down bythe storm. For the third time within a month the streams of the county were bankful. The storm wasn oft-shoot from a big storm thathit the West hard the preceding day."AN EVENING WITH THE POETS"FRIDAY.Prof. J. I. C. Noe, head of the department of Education, University ofKentucky, will visit Paris Fridaynight, December 5, to, give an'Evening of Poetry." The entertainment is to be given under theauspices of the Woman's Clubs,community organizations and socialinstitutions of Paris. Prof. Noewill give a number of his ownpoems. , f 0oSUBSCRIPTION SALE STILL OPENA number of inquiries have cometo Manager Clarence Sprake as towhether or not the subscription saleto "Robin Hood" is closed. His reply is that the list is yet open forsubscription reservations, which insures choice of seats in advance oflegular sale.The part made famous by JessieBartlett Davis, "Allan-a-Dale," isnow enacted and sung by LornaDonne Jackson, who scored such ahit last season in the parr- Hersinging of "O, Promise Me," and herportrayal of the dashing "outlaw"are extravagantly praised.The -rafty "Lord Sheriff of Nottingham," whose intrigues and eccentricities cieate the comedy situation, is played by no less a personage than Ed. Andrews, the veterancomedian of the famous AndrewsOpera Company, -v hose prowess nonewill question. Equally eminent arethe players of the jolly "Piiar Tuck"and Sir Guy of Gisborne" roles, theformer by John Mac Sweeney, of theoriginal Bostonians arid the latter bj;Saul Solomon, one of diaries Froh-"man's reliable comedians and an acknowledged leader in comic opera,"With such a "battery" of comedians good humor is certain to bestrongly in evidence.(adv-lt) JoSECOND GRAND CHAMPIONSHIP'STEER FOR CHRISTMASMr Hence Maigolen. of theMargolin Sanitary .Meat Market,purchased yesterday atx a fancyprice, -from Mr. .las. M. Caldwell, a1,470-lb. steer that took the secondGrand Championship prize at thethe Kentucky State Fair. This steerwill he slaughtered for the, Christmas mm KeL ancusnoj)4a oe'tne nesrpiece or Deer ever .offered in thisBAKER HELD TO APPEAR BEPORE GRAND JURY.The examining trial of H. R.Baker, arrested in Louisville andbrought to Paris by Deputy SheriffJames Gibson on charges of embezzlement and passing Avorthlesschecks, Avas held before CountyJudge George Batterton, Saturday.The evidence adduced at the trialshowed that Baker had naid a nor-tion of the money for the purchaseoi an automoDiie trom J. M. Scott.After hearing the testimony and thearguments for the prosecution byCounty Attorney D. D. Cline and forthe defense by Judge Denis Dundon,Judge Batterton held Baker in $100bond to appear before the grandjuiy at the next term of the Bourbon Circuit Court. Baker's wife andmother were present at the trial.When it was ascertained that warrants were ready in the hands ofLexington police to be served on himfor alleged "cold" check transactions there, Baker decided to lemainhere and take his chances.TURKEYS! TURKEYS!We are through receiving turkeys for the Thanksgiving market, outpour pens will be openedagain on December 1st to receive turkeys for the Christmasmarket, at which time we willpay highest market price.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO. ,(18-tf) s vTHE SECRET OF SUCCESS WHYIS IT? WHY IS IT?It is not what you earn, but whatyou save that counts.Every dollar you spend foolishly,that, it would be possible to save, isonly money that you have to workfor again.On the other hand, every dollaryou deposit with us is going to constantly work for you.Which is best money ajwaysworking for you, or you alwaysworking for money?Place your money in the BourbonBuilding & Loan Association whereit will earn something for you.Our new series opens Saturday,December 6.H. A. POWER, Pres.WILL S. ARNSPARGER, Sec'y.oRICE HAS CHANCE ON-' ALL- STATE ELEVEN.Inpicking players for the-piOb-pectivjAll-State High School football team several of the best coaches in the State have given AlexHice. of Paris, one of the stais ofthes local team, very favorable consideration. Coach Paul Dexheimer,of the Somerset High School team,says:"In selecting an All-State HighSchool team, I will have to confinemyself to the teams I have seenplay. Of course, there are alwayssome good men that are overlobked,and some that I have not had thechance to see play. Dimon, of Louisville, and Rice, who has been playing end for Paris, will make anycolleges two good tackles."The coa.ches could not agree onthe left tackle and the right guard.Gibson, of Louisville; Gibson, ofLexington; Rice, of Paris, andBright, of K. M. I., were chosen forthe left tackle berth. Bright wasthe only K. M. I. man chosen forany job and Rice was the only Parisboy to be nientioned.oSTART A SAVINGS ACCOUNTONE DOLLAR STARTS IT.Start a savings account with usand have a nice little sum to checkon next Christmas. You can startwith ONE DOLLAR add to it asyou please during the year. We pay3 interest on this account. Youwill never miss the money and willbe surprised at the end o'f the yearhow much you nave savedFARMERSV& TRADERSBANK,(x)CITY PROPERTY FOR SALEAt the Court House door, at 2o'clock, two houses and lots will beoffered for sale. One on Hanson andGano streets, another on Thomasavenue andWilliams street. SeeGeorge D. Speakes, Auctioneer, orhandbille.(28-3t)DON'T WASTE.Anything you buy of us 'a ill benot only useful, but serviceable asChristmas piesents and your moneywill not be wasted.(It) THE J. T. HINTON CO.. o .START A RANK ACCOUNT DO ITTO-DAY.Have money in the Bank nexiChristmas. You can start a sivingsaccount with us by an initial depositof as little as One Dolla'r. Add toit every week and by next Christmasj on will be surprised how much yonhave saved. VV will pay yoiKo petcent on this account. The 1'arisBanks will have no moie ChristmasClubs. Start your Savings Accountwith us now To-DAY.THE BOURBON - AGKICULTURA1BANK At TRUST CO. (x)NEW IIRRARIAN.IVIiss Macie White Fithian hasbeen elected librarian of the ariiHPublic Library." to succeed Miss Tmogqne Hedmon-,' resigned. Mrs. Fith-TOBACCO JIARKETS TO OPENHERE TO-MORROW.To-hiorrow the various tobaccowarehouses will open their doors forthe 1919-20 season, in disposing ofthe crop raised during: the year. Inthis enterprise thousands of dollars! James McClure, as agent for theare paid out to the - growers, to the!lieirs of tne late Mrs. A. P. Allis,tenants and to the various branches ! sold last week to B. M. Renick. nres-of manual and clerical iabor employed at the warehouses. k Parisbeneflits financially to a large extent by these sales.Every merchant in Paris knowshow largely he is indebted to .."tobacco money" for the swelling ofhis bank account. It's an endless.chain from the manufacturers tothe buyers, from the buyers to thegroweis, to the warehouses, theirneipers, and so on to the merchants.The money thus creates little financial waves which spread and spreaduntil the business "crafts of the cityride upon them into a safe and se-icure financial harbor.The people of Paris, with a justappreciation of the benefits the tobacco industry brings to the cityextend the hand of welcome lo thbuyers who came here to representtheir, firms, and to the managementof the warehouses, the workers anctthose dependent upon them, they express a sincere wish that the com ingjseason may be a prosperous onemall respects.GENUINE FRUIT CAKES "FORCHRISTMASPlace youi order with us if youwant a genuine, delicious fruit cakefor Christmas. They taste and smeltlike the kind "mother used to make."We also have a nice line of all kindsof fruits and nuts.PARIS BAKERY,(x) (Wilmoth's Old Stand.)oFRUITS, NUTS, CANDIES, CIGARS.Let usvfill your order for fancyfruits, nuts, box candies in box andbulk; fine imported Cigarettes andCigars:(x) FRANK BURTON.o T- GENUINE FRUIT CAKES FORCHRISTMASPlace your order, with us if youwant a genuine, delicious fruit cake'for Christmas. They taste and smelllike'the kind "mother used to make."We also have a nice line of all kindsof fruits and nuts.PARIS BAKERY.Cx) (Wilmoth's Old Stand.)o trprip ruDlCTMA'c cf Bflrt?lJi:acre Ir- Shanks bought-thei rac Vriiici . iya'Ivj j a vxvi-A wonderful display ofChristmas Goods is beingshown at our store. Something for every member ofthe family from the little totto the grandparent. See ourwindow display for gifts forthe children. The priceswill surprise you.E. M. WHEELER & CO.x Robneel Building.oDECEMBER COURT DAY.Yesterday was one of the lightest"Court days" for several months.Activities on the farm, preparationof tobacco for the opening of thelocal markets to-morrow, and otheractivities kept most of the formersbusily engaged atjiome. There wasbut a small number of horses andcattle on the market, and -very littfebusiness was transacted. Merchantsreport small volume of business andcollections slow. Tobacco and its future prices constituted lhe chiefthemes of discussion among thefarmers.. oGENUINE FRUIT CAKES FORCHRISTMASPlace your order with us if youwant a genuine, delicious fruit cakefor Christmas. They taste and smelllike the kind "mother used to make."We also have a nice line of all kindsol fruits and nuts.PARIS BAKJBRY.(x) (Wilmoth's Old Stand.)o-LET US DEMONSTRATE FOR YOUOUR LINE OF SONORAPHONOGRAPHSCall in and let us demonstiateour complete line of Sonora Phonographs in all styles from the mediumprice to the handsome cabinet instrument. A Sonora Phonographwill make a present that will behighly enjoyed and appreciated bythe entile family.A. F. WHEELER & CO.(X) Opposite Court House.:: o 'ADJUDGED INSANE -In the County Court Saturday,James M. Tient, an aged white man,was tried by a jury before JudgeBatterton, and adjudged to bo ofunsound mind. He was orderedcommitted to the State Hospital forthe Insane at Lexington.YOU HAD BETTER HURRY BUYTO-DAY., Get your order in earlv -vithBruce Holladay for Miss Holladay'candies. Sugar is scarce and thesupply Mvill be limited, this year, so- brder now.See our line of jioveltybaskets, all shapes and . coibrs--allprices -""-'REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSlident of the Paris Milling Co., thetwo-story frame residence on Duncan avenue, known as the Allishome, for about $6,500. The property adjoins the home owned by Mr.Renick.The old Simmons Mill property lo:cated on the Stony Point pike, onemile from North Middletown, wasj gold at public sale Saturday for J.W. and R. H. Brookshire. of WinChester. Tbirty-seven acres sold to"William Stewart for $379.50 anacre. Robert Speagle purchasedten acres at $385 an acre. WilliamFarley bought four acres at $357.50 an acre, and Albert Butler boughtforty acres for $240 an acre. Thesale averaged $326.75 an acre.. The Paris Realty Co. sold Saturday at private sale the Raybttrnfarm, located on the Hawkins andCummins pike, to A. M. Garrison ofScott County, for $200 an acre. Thefarm contains sixty-six acres ofgood land.Auctioneer George D. Speakes. ofPalis, sold at public auction on thepremises. Saturday, a tract of landcontaining 127 acres, located nearMorning Glory, in Nicholas county,belonging to the heirs of the lateMrs. Sallie- J. Smith, for $145 anacre.Auctioneer M. F. Kennoy rentedpublicly at the court house door inthis city yesterday morning forDr. D. S. Henry his farm of 300acres, located on the Russel Cavepike, in Fayette county, to Thomason & Mattox, for $12.10 an acre.Miss Sara Daniel sold yesterdayprivately to Douglas Clay her cottage on Cypress street, for a pricenot given out for publication.Harris & Speakes agents, soldyesterday for Ford & Wood ofGeorgetown the farm of 127 acres,in Scott county,, to Sheriff Nu'nnelley, of "Georgetown, for $386.50an acre. The, farm was advertisedm THE NEWS several issues. Thesale was, conducted by AuctioneerGeorge D. Speakes. This farm hasbeen remarkably successful in making sales of property in Scottcounty, securing top prices for theircustomers in every instance.James L. Shanks, of Paris, soldyesterday to Wm. Garrison, ofScott county, his farm of 136 acreslocated near Centerville,, for $225f &nn r(;jcently for $125 an acre.o- 1AIL VANHOOIC.The marriage of Miss GeorgiaLail and Mr. Edgar Vanhook, bothof Cynthiana, was solemnized in thiscity Friday afternoon at the residence of the officiating minister,Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of the ParisChristian church, in the presence ofafew intimate friends and relativesof both parties. After the ceremonyMr. and Mrs. Vanhook left for ashort bridal trip, and on their return will be at home to theirfriends, in Cynthiana.The bride is a handsome and attractive young woman, the daughterof Mrs. George Lail, of that city.The-groom is a son of Mr. ancVMrs.Rolla Vanhook, and a member ofthe Vanhook Hardware Co., in Cynthiana. Both have a large numberof friends here who wish them ahappy married life.BUY A PHONOGRAPH.Buy a Phonograph for Christmassomething the whole family willejijoy. We have the best makes onthe market. Anyhow, "see us beforejou buy and we will save youmoney.(It.) THE J. T. HINTON CO.o 1. vSTART A BANK ACCOUNT DO ITTO-DAY.Have money in the Bank nextChristmas You can start a savingsaccount with us by an initial deposit nL as little as One Dollar. Addto ii every week and by next unristmas you will be surprised howmuch" youhave saved. , We will payyou 3 pel cent, on this account.The-Paris 'Banks will have no more'Christmas Chib5. Start your Savings Account with us now TODAY. THE BOURBON - AGRICULTURAL"BANK & TRUST CO. (x)oBURNING'lf-TCH CAUSES ALARMOF EIRE.An alaim from Box 3 5 yesterdaymorning about 10:t45 o'clock calledthe fire department to the vicinity ofthe Louisville & Nashville freightstation, on Third street. A big tubof roofing tar, which was .beingheated for use on the Power GroceryCo.'s building overflowed and caughtfire, causing the alarnf to be sentin.. The firemen extinguished theblaze". No property loss.oCOME ON.-'You had better come right awayif you want any children's suits.We are selling all our left-overIboys' suits at bargain prices ?7.50,$8.50 and $10 There is not a suitin the lot that isn't ivorth. more, thendouble. Blue series, too. vk---tk.tkk.ki IIf mti11XTT AT A ICOUNCn. PROCCEDINGSAt a special meeting of the CityCouncil, last night, presided overy Mayor E. B. January, the following new members of that body,elected at the November election,were sworn in, and took their seatsas Councilmen: George Doyle Edward Burke, N. Ford Brent, HughBrent, James Moreland, John JVilliams and Catesby Spears. Thisbeing the sole object of the specialmeeting the Council adjourned untilthe regular meeting night.At the last regular meet i tip- f taCouncil, which was the last meetingv. cue wu ouuncii, an ane memberswere present except CouncilmanGeorge Doyle. This body- gave thecity a very creditable administration of affairs and retiied with thegood VviH of the people of Paris.An ordinance was passed callingfor an election oji Dec. 27, for thepurpose of voting on the question ofa $35,000 bond issue for completingthe additions to the white and colored public schools of Paris. TheParis Milling Company was paid thesum of $460 as the city's part inbuilding the new dam across StonerCreek near the Milling Co.'s property, which was recently completed.Following complaints of the contractors who are resurfacing Pleasantstreet with concrete several personswho had driven oer ihe j:trer before the concrete was diy were served with notices. These parties appeared before the authorities andagreed to make good the amount ofdamages alleged to have been sustained. The City Engineer reportedserious defects in the recently completed sanitary sewer, which he estimated would require about $10,000 to remedy, and advised that repairs De made before final settlement is made with the contractor,A. D. Sant.LARD CANS.Big consignment of lard canssizes. Place you order now.(10 C. P. COOK & CO,allBUY PRACTICAL, SUBSTANTIALPRF.SF.WP.Q T?m? mrDTCHnrr--'.-. .--, WAkUVXJUMRead our advertisement for sug-Wgestions of common-sense, useful andpractical presents.(x) FRANK & CO.oORDER EARLY ASSUPPLY ISLIMITED.Leave your order with Bruce Holladay for a box of Miss Holaday'sdelicious candies. No Christmasgift would be more highly appreciated, and you certainly could notbuy better candy any place in theworld. Order earlv. Th snnnivthis year is limited.(x) BRUCE HOLLADAY.'WE KNOW HOWThe Hippopotamus,, Has, aLeather Hide to Protectit from HarmAnd We Have Boys' Suits that HaveLeatfier Insides to Defeat "Wear and TearIt's Called Leatherized" 1ktzc4,TCt UiThat means jusj: what the name implies.The idea is one of the new inventions in -theclothing, field.Elbows, pockets, seats and knees are alllined with genuine leather. Results Asuit that wears like iron, fits like a gloveand holds it shape for life. Every suitguaranteed. ""Let us show you leatherized to-day. From'its sturdy leather foundations foundationsand reinforced seams to the all wool fabrics and the smart, distinctive styles, you'llpronounce it the best money's worth youever saw. NDespite their many advantages and positive superiority, Leatherjzed Suits for Boyscost no more than ordinary clothes.' Letus show you to-day. ,MITCHELL &BOLD THIEVES STEAL TOBACCOPROM BABHS,-'Bold thieves backed a wag-on upto a tobacco barn on the farm ofGeorg-e Jones, on the Clintonrillpike; near Paris, and made awaywith a quantity of tobacco eatinurt- 'ed at about four hundred pounds,worth in the market in the-neighborhoodof $200. The tobacco -hanot been recovered nor the thieveapprehended.On the same night a thief othieves visited a tobacco barn belonging to Dr. Wm. Kenney, aadstole about $70 worth of the weed.Dr. Kenney immediately got on thetrail and suspicion falling on a colored boy named Henry Washington, a warrant was issued for hisarrest. Dr. Kenney was informedthat Washington had been seen ped-dling the tobacco In small quantities in various parts of the city.Following up the clues Dr. -Kenneycame unexpectedly upon his quarry,and took him to the Paris jail.VCONTRACTSIGNED FOR ROBIlfHOOD.So promised and overwhelming- isiie asurance of- support for "RobirtHood" that a definite contract byThe Phoenix Amusement Co. habeen made and the DeKoven masterpiece will be presented at Paris.Grand Opera House, December 9.The coming of Ralph Dunbar'sproduction of the famous Americancomic opera, if one is to judge bythe sentiments expressed where th?rcompany has been, will prove anoteworthy event in local annals,for it affords the oppprtunity desired by inany of hearing the opera adequately done, with a cast of real artists, an excellent chorus, an. orchestra of symphony players, a fullquota of mechanicians with complete equipment of scenery, costumes, properties and effects. Thatsome producer is willing- to assumethe risk of sending to the smallercities such a production, is cause ofgratitude from every one who appreciates real worth in this field".While the usual advertising methods will be utilized, it should be remembered, that the coming- of Hobin.Hood is somewhat of an xperiment,and if we are to be accorded "visitsby productions of its tftafis, the attendance of many who are not interested in ordinary theatrical offerings must be assured. To do thiseverybody who believes in Americanstandards of musical art and, enjoysclean, delightful entertaimmentvshould do his share of boosting. '(adT-lt)O 7BUY SOMETHING USE?UL SEE.US. BEFORE PURGHLA-THCG -Vlien buying Christmas presentswhy 'not get something useful? Whave everything in our line. Cm-landsee.(x) LOWRY & MAY.BLAKEMOREinA'lIivvm-&&T.J.-'W. DAVIS & uu.)5Li-t3V"'?3 ";.. .;.rlMtt - . -rtyior sale. 4 (adv-lt)ian has assumed her duties. , - . , (x)-3RUCE-JaOLlX Jwv'VTUESDAY, DECEMBER 2, 19igTHE BOTOBOH NEWS, PAKIS, KENTUCKYPAGE TWOsREM, ESTAJTENSACTIONS')That Bourbon county land is oneJ"V 'fc.'irV:-.f"1ticf1ti..Harev.Btq8SS3S8Sstsss?oRETTS SiCamels are sold everywhere inscientifically sealed packages of 20cigarettes; or ten packages 200cigarette) m a glassme-paper -cotered carton. We strongly recommend t't s carton for the homeor office supply or when you travel.S- v. 5c-They Win You On Quality!Your enjoyment of Camels will be very greatbecause their refreshing flavor and fragranceand mellowness is so enticingly different. Younever tasted such a cigarette 1 Bite is eliminated and there is a cheerful absence of anyunpleasant cigaretty after-taste or any unpleasant cigaretty odor !Camels are made of an expert blend of choiceTurkish and choice Domestic tobaccos and aresmooth and mild, but have that desirable fullbody and certainly hand out satisfaction ingenerous measure. You will prefer this Camel' blend to either kind of tobacco smoked straight! .Give Camels the stiffest tryout, thencompare them with any cigarette inthe world at any price for quality,flavor, satisfaction. No matterhow liberally you smokeCamels they vsill not tireyour taste! 9nf the best investments in me ieaiestate line was agam demonstratedFriday, when Wm. H. Whaley, Jr.,purchased of Charles N. Peddicord.a ten-acre tract u land, located onthe Paris and Lexington-pike, nearthe city limits, for ? 1,3 00 an acre,a total of $13,000 ton the entiretract. The land adjoins the homeplace owned by Mr. Whaley, givinghim about thirty-three acres of valuable property. The latest purcnasehas on it improvements in the shapeof a modern bungalow, tobaccoham and other buildings. Mr. Peddicord bought the place about twoyears ago, for about $9,000. In1918 he sold over $5,000 worth oftobacco grown on the place and $2,000 worth of hogs raised by him onthe same place.Through the Paris Realty Co.,Mrs. Margaret Terry Stitt, of .Lexington, sold to R. P. Walsh, Friday, -her bungalow located at thecorner of Main and Twelfth streets,for 6,000. The nome is one ol memost convenient in the city.oFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan'i.' -"&&sP&USfc-KE&: .MV-Baft-2v:v.PSA-..S .'?y;, .l.Jttw- J.tsMAAfcI.V.as" C -.VR. J. REYNOLDS TOBACCO CO.Winston-Salem, N. C.MR. WOODPOItf) SELLS GELDING,AND COLT.J. Hal Woodford, of Paris, soldto Joseph E. Weidner, of Philadclhia, the yearling chestnut colt byVulcain, dam Rose of Pink, by PinkCoat, also the three-year-old baygelding Huny-Up, by McGhee, damBabble. Hurry-Up will be trainedfor a steeplechaser by HowardLewis. Clyde VanDusen is trainingZuleika at the Kentucky JockeyClub track for Mr. Woodford.Auto Repair ShopTires and Tubes repaired. Retreading. Ajax and Diamond Tires.H. J. GROSCHE,Eighth and High Sts.dec2-6mo) Cumb. Phone 891.Makes SuchLight,Tasty BiscuitsJust let mother call, "Biscuits forBreakfast V We re sure mere s .j. 4- 4--.ni- P'in r np. utiiiL in ouvfor us Jignt, Tcnaei uiitnnd-v hravn and all puficd upwith goodness ! For mother is jreof her baking powder uaiumeuShe never disappoints us because8.iOTMADZBYTHETRUg&QILDAY SEASON APPEOACHINa"With the Christmas holidays now. Matter of hut a few weeks, the, display windows of Paris merchants, , re beginning to take on the'ap4 pearance of the Yuletide. .jThe attractiveness of the displaysthe va"eitty of the goods in stock and offeri over the counters, and the. genrI feeling of optimism amoung thev stoppers, all contribute to make the, Christmas shopping prospect a"fcnght one for the merchants andChe shoppers.With the reopening of the tobaccomarkets in this cityr a large sum ofi- asoaoy realized from sales by growsra and their tenants, will be put. 2m circulation, and, together with theig sums held in the Christmas SavJgs Clubs of the Paris banks, willswell the sum total in the businesstkamiels to large proportions. Altogether the outlook for a piosper- bs season for Hie merchants seemsuery assuring.TELEPHONE POLE FALLS: NAUEOW ESCAPE FOR MENA large telephone pole beingerected by Cumberland TelephoneCo. employes near the plumbing establishment of John Merringer, onMain street, Friday afternoon, fell,when a rope holding it in position,broke. Workmen and occupants ofa passing automobile had a narrowescape fiom being struck by thefalling pole.The workmen had just placed thebig pole in position with a block-and-tacklearrangement, and werepreparing to secure it in the groundwhen the rope broke, throwing thepole across Main street. An automobile passing by narrowly escapedbeing struck, the pole falling withina few inches of it. The workmenand John Merringer, who was assisting them, also had narrow escapes.B-4 TIREInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,Agts'JBB1i eelrtflFarms For RentFOR SALEHeating and Cooking-o-StovesJsed, but in good condition,At AboutHalf PriceTHE BEST INSURANCE.Insure your tobacco in thebarn against Fire and Windstorm withYERKES & PEED,Farmers & Traders Bank.(augl5-tf)Attend the public renting of theClay farms onSaturday, Dec. 6, 1919at 11 o'clock, a. m., at the ParisCourt House.1. Located on the Winchesterpike, the farm of Miss Letitia Clay,containing 301.4 acres, with largelesidence, 5-acre tobacco barn, andall out-buildings, will have 122.97acies in corn, 19.52 acres in tobacco, 89.89 acres in bluegrass,and 69.02 in meadow.2. Located near Escondida Station, the farm of Jos. H. Clay, containing 479 acres, with three tenant houses and 7-acre tobacco barn,will have 190 acres in corn, 170acres in clover and bluegrass, and119 acres in virgin soil. Sevenacies from the virgin soil in tobacco. See Geo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer, or handbills. (2S-3t)Administrator's NoticeAl persons having claims againstor knowing tnemseives to De indebted to the estate of Mrs. Annabella Pierce, deceased, are requestedto settle such indebtedness or provesuch claims as required by law withthe undersigned administrator atonce.W. O. HINTON,Administrator of Mrs. AnnabellaPierce, Deceased.(28-3t-F)CALUMETBAKING POWDERnftver disappoints her.It's dependable. Resultsr7vrt.1ie same the best.Try it.Polnmftt contains only such ingredients as have been approved officially by the U.S.Food Authorities.You Save When You Buy It.You Save When You Use It.HIGHESTS'MetBAKING WdChlCAGOSend That Next Job of Printing to TheBourbon News. Best Work; Right PricesPUBLIC SALEori t--The Busy Bee CashStore.21-4t)A SpecialPurchaseMen's SuitsandOvercoatsEnables us to offer the season's latest styles in extragood values$25, $27.50; $30Worth much more. Seethem while our stock iscomplete.Twin Bros.Men's StoreL. WOLLSTEIH, Proprietor '619 Main StreetPUBLIC SALEAuction of Mason County Farm on the Premises at2 O'clock Rain or ShineMonday, Dec 15, 1919OF 208 ACRES OF LANDWith one set of improvements to close up the estate of the late WoodBramel and divide the proceeds among the hens at law.1 will offer at auction in thiee separate parcels and then as awhole the 20S-acre tract of land in the Lewisburg precinct , about 10miles-from Maysville. 180 acres in bluegra&s, 3 acres of timber, oak,ash and walnut. 25 acres thai was in corn and tobacco this year.This land is limestone boil with a clay subsoil, and is well watered. Hasa large 10-ioom house, large double corn crib, 1 5-bent tobacco barn,and 1 good stock barn.Said farm has been in pobbession of the darnel heirs for over sixtyyears and has been largely used as o stock faim, theiefore a portion ofsame is virgin soil. All of this land will grow tobacco. While there isone tobacco barn on it there is enough timber on the place to buildseveral barns and another house or two if such i& desired. All youhave to do is to cut down the trees, have your saw mill pull in andcut out what you want in the way of lunibpi, tobacco sticks or clapboards. Should "jou wish to continue the laismg of stock you have 180acres of bluegrass to start with.In case of rain or snow wewiil make aiiangements to hold thesale in the tobacco barn, as this land is bound to be SOLD, Ram orShine. Out-of-town bidders that come to Maysville, can come to No.209 Market Street to M. P. & D. B. Coughlm, Real Estate Office, and stinformation tliey are looking" for.This farm will be sold on the libeial teims of one-third downMarch 1, 1920, when deed is made; one-third in one year; one-third intwo years, with lien retained in deed for balance of purchase price, with6 per cent, interest, payable semi-anually; 10 per cent, cash paymentto bind the contract on day of sale.I, myself, not being- able to go over this land to show the cornersand lines, also advertise and conduct the sale, prospective purchaseiscan get their information and will be shown over the land and lines byM. F. & D. B. Coughlin, Real Estate agenis of Maysville, Ky.Amelia BramelFOR THE HEIRS 0E WOOD BRAMEU, DECEASED.M. F. & D. B. COUGHLINSALES AGENTS FOR THE HEIRS.Office, No. 209 Market St., Maysville, Ky.STOCK,AlsoCROP AND FARMINGIMPLEMENTSBank Stock and Other SharesThe undersigned, as administrator of theestate of the late Robert Lyne, will sell atI public auction, onITHURSDAY, DEC. 4. 1919beginning at 1 0:30 a. m. Sale will take placeat the home of Mr. Hume Payne, on theTownsend Valley pike. Said sale is to settlethe partnership business of Payne & LynePROPERTY TO BE DISPOSED OFIS AS FOLLOWS:1 O head of mules;9 head of horses;Good lot of cows;A lot of calves;A 2-year-old bull;1 68 ewes; S bucks;A nice lot of lambs;SO head of hogs;Farm implements, all kinds;Corn in the shock.BANK STOCK, ETC.1 4 Shares First National Bank of Cynthiana, Ky.5 Shares Farmers and Traders Bank of Paris, Ky.60 Shares Henry Clay Fire Insurance Company.2 Shares Cynthiana Tobacco Warehouse Company.TERMS OF SALE Liberal and made known on day of sale.Phone 410-W. W. MITCHELLAdministrator of Robert Lvne.GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer. ;COL. H.. C. HAWKINS Auctioneer.xZSi$&- Vf-vj.Til5hi5iyVMwyjPEy 'W Jjriffr- i ,-7.Jfctf-vY'f'.Vt-i-A.rKs, VJ"- - ' -' ' 4 . " ' $,. 4T7K:&k :::Ammyfffwmms3,v j- v - r " -ssr .-Bf' ---w',yuBjWK .75w " a "-. ,,a i?aiftLjSrL: .- ,. . ;' 5t?-iJ -2J.-- " T a (-. " TTUESDAY7AU TMrFew SuggestkHUChristmasToilet Articles.Manicure Sets.llnmh anri- Krnsh xetSL m- . -m m -"a aTJ, Jl-rt"U,-Pr. - JjHose Sets.Gartersc"fanrcCESrBER; 2. 1919 . ,. . ..-..' - - - ' -" Jjr,' XHE BUUiLKUH UKWJ Pftms. KKWTnnrr ' ' ,SSsmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmimmmmmmilimimmmmmmmtmBMffaK"iWBflFaBpTBBBTBJlr - - - - "BrlffTWMWBTTIBMWMWH ftTSMmniMMd ' AKSLflKHTlvB:,. !Ri99HHBHRB9HHHSii?iraHK w&yggBBBBBBBEkmem!XSSMImsSKKm TJMWllIi IffliMMM Vi' iiliyBJTirBKiliBBBBMTin T 1 TTiHi lifB k'mXmXi, ForV ifr v v ' wSS"yar-yRitiw-iaB ?. ws, , ;.$ xs '' v HnKL,' .- b&mmmi l.-imw-:- -wrrBiHa.vnlaaa :tjMR "wflKTiKiy -nin i BHMI,l,IMMM,MWallllMMJJEW TREATMENT THATKNOCKS RHEUMATISMGEANB OPEEA HOUSE. TUESDAY' DEC. 9 SEAT SALE THURSDAY--------......HUNGRY BUTDAREN'T EATTake "Pape's Diapepsin" andeat favorite foods! without fearYour meals hit back! Your stomach is sour, acid, gassy and youfeel bloated after eating or youhave heavy lumps of indigestion painor headache, but never mind. Hereis instant relief.Don't stay upset! Eat a tablet ofPape's Diapepsin and immediatelythe indigestion, gases, acidity andall stomach distress caused byacidity ends.Pape's Diapepsin tablets are thesurest, quickest stomach relievers inthe world. They cost very little atdrug stores.(adv)SHOULD BE QUATuAinmEDMany physicians believe that anyone who has a bad cold should becompletely isolated to prevent othermembers of the family and associates from contracting the disease,as colds are about as catching asmeasles. One thing sure the sooner one rids himself of a cold the lessthe danger, and you will look a good'while before you find a better medicine than Chamberlain's CoughItemedy to aid you in curing a cold.( dec-ad v)SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings- of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.W. A. Thomason, of near NorthMiddletown, is at French LickSprings, for a two-weeks' stay.Dr. Silas Evans spent theThanksgiving holidays as a guest ofhis brother, Joseph Evans, inGeorgetown.Mrs. W. It. Griffith and daughter, Miss Nancy Griffith, spent theThanksgiving holidays as guests oflelatives in Mt. Sterling.Miss Margaret Anderson, otCovington, who has been visitingMrs. W. E. Sleet, in Midway, is visiting friends and relatives in thiscity.Mrs. John T. McClintock andson, John T. McClintock, Jr., ofHuntington, West Virginia, areguests of Mr. and Mrs. Charles N.Fithian.Mr. and Mrs. William Slackhave returned to their home in Winchester, after a visit to theirdaughter, Mrs. Grant Robinson, inthis city.Miss Stella Stevens, of ParisHigh School faculty, spent theThanksgiving holidays with her par- jents, Mr. and Mrs. Chas. B. Stevens,in Mt. Sterling.Miss Martha Green Sharp, ofMaysville, and Mrs. Ella Summers,of Carlisle, were guests for theweek-end of Mrs. Edward Sparks,on Cypress street.The Bourbon Cotillon Club willentertain to-morrow evening with adance at the Masonic Temple. Thehours will be from nine to twothirty. The grand march will beled by Mr. and Mrs. James W.Thompson. A large attendance ofsociety people from surroundingtowns is expected.Mrs. Ray Kople, of Avondale,near Cincinnati, is a guest at thehome of H. O. James, on Pleasantstreet.Mr. and Mrs. C. H. Goodmanspent the Thanksgiving holidays inHelena as guests of the former'sparents, Mr. and Mrs. b. A. Goodman. Wade H. Whitley is at his oldhome, Pantego, N. C, where he willspend a month's vacation. He isthe guest of his mother and sisteis,in Pantego.Forrest Fightmaster, of Northi Middletown, who is a patient at theMasEie Memorial Hospital, is improving rapidly and will soon beable to return to his home.Maj'or E. B. January attendedthe meeting of the Board of Trustees of the I. O. O. F. Home at Lexington, last week, which was "alsoattended by the physicians of Lexington and their wives.Mrs. Elizabeth Coakley, ofRugby, Tennessee, is a guest of herson, C. C. Hadden, near North Middletown. Mrs. Coakley is en routeto Brooklyn, New York, where shewill spend the winter with herdaughter.Y0AETER FIRST DOSE'Tape's Cold Compound"Breaks Up a Cold In aPew HoursThenRelief comes instantly. A dosetaken every two hours until threedoses are taken usually breaks up asevere cold and ends all the grippemisery.The very first dose opens up yourclogged-up nostrils and the air passages in the head, stops nose running, relieves the headache, dullness and stiffness.Don't stay stuffed-up! Quit blowing ana snuming! Clear your con-i gested head! Nothing else in theI world gives siich prompt relief asj "Pape's Cold Compound," whichcosts only a few cents at any drugstore. It acts without assistance,o quinine.-o-DO YOU ENJOY YOUE MEATS?"Mrs. John A. Bower was hostess lif "llc . 'V ,to a number of friends recently at jInslSl- uPn PaPes!her home on Cypress street withbridge. Three tables of players participated in the games. The prizefor the highest score, a box of stationery, was awarded to Miss ClaraBacon. The players were Mrs.Anna Wallace, Mrs. Walter Shropshire, Mrs. Will G. McClintock, Mrs.Sidney Ardery, Jr., Mrs. Ollie Marshall, Mrs. Harry Mathers, Mrs.Charles May, Mrs. Myrtle Snell,Mrs. Thos. W. Allen and Miss ClaraBacon.(Other Personals on Page 5)(adv) !75c Box Pree To Any SuffererUp in Syracuse, N. Y., a treatTment for rheumatism has beenfound that hundreds of users say isa wonder, reporting cases that seemlittle short of miraculous. Just afew treatments even in the veryworst cases seem to accomplishwonders even after other remedieshave failed entirely. It seems toneutralize the uric acid and limesalt deposits in the blood, drivingall the poisonous clogging, wastefrom the system. Soreness, pain,stiffness, swelling just seem to meltaway and vanish.The treatment first introduced byMr. Delano is so good that its ownerwants everybody that suffering fromrheumatism or who has a friend soafflicted, to get a free 75c packagefrom him to prove just what it willdo in every case before a penny isspent. Mr. Delano says: "To provethat the Delano treatment will positively overcome rheumatism, nomatter how severe, stubborn or longstanding the case, and even after allother treatments have failed, I will,if you have never previously usedthe treatment, send you a full size75c package free if you will justcut out this notice and send it withyour name and address with 10c tohelp pay postage and distributionexpenses to me personally."F. H. Delario, 1389 Griffin SquareBuld., Syracuse, N. Y. I can sendonly one Free Package to an address. (25-3t): oYOUR MONEY BACK IF RAT-aNAP DOESN'T COME UPTO THESE CLAIMSDolls.Fountain Pens.Box Paper.Kid GlovesAnd Hundreds of OtherArticles.SKOOT-KAR 35cIf you do not enjoy your mealsyour digestion is faulty. Eat moderately, especially of moats, masticate your food thoroughly. Let fivehours elapse between meals andtake one of Chamberlain's Tabletsimmediately after supper and youwill soon find your meals to be areal pleasure.(dec-adv)RAT-SNAP is absolutely guaranteed to kill rats and mice. Crematesthsm. Rodents killed with RATSNAP leave no smell. Rats pass upall food to get RAT-SNAP. Theirfirst meal is their last. RAT-SNAPcomes in cakes. No mjxing. Catsor dogs won't touch it. Three sizes,25c, 50c $1.00. Sold and guaran' toed by The Farmers' Supply Co.,, Paris, Ky.I (dec-adv)TWIN BROS.Department Store7th and Main Paris, KyMARGOLEN'SSpecial To-day10-pound bucketLard$3.00Fresh Reelfoot Lake FishBaltimore OystersUftRGOLEmSanitary Meat MarketEDW. BURKE, PresidentH. S. CAYW0QD, Vice PresidentJNO.'JT. COLLINS, ManagerBOURBONTOBACCOWAREHOUSE0 bbY bV'bIbh h 1 B bVBi BJH HhBh 'BhV-BjBh1 BhhB BB BBB BhHaving Received Positive Assurance From the Heads of the Big CompaniesThat Their Buyers will be on Hand, Announce Their Opening Sale forWEDNESDAY,D EC EM B ER3TOBACCO RECEIVED ANY TIME AFTER NOVEMBER 15COME TO THE OPENING AND SEEuRIMEWhouse:Consider These Facts:r1. The Paris market sold 12,000,000 pounds of tobacco the past seasonfor the highest average obtained on any market in Kentucky.2. The Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Company sold in their two housesmore than 8,000,000 pounds of tobacco for the highest average on Paris market. 3. We now have three of the best and finest lighted houses in Kentucky.4. Our Auctioneer, Mr. Wikoff , will be back. He is in a class by himself,as those who have heard him know.5. We have the best starter in Kentucky.6. This Company has held down the fees on the Paris market for sevenyears and will hold them down again this year in spite of the fact that we werestrongly urged to raise them. ,7. This means a savinr of 30 cents aer hundred on $40 tobacco; a savingof 35 cents per hamdred on $50 tobacco and 40 tents per'hundred on $60 to- fbacco. last seasoa tike lower fees saved tike patrons of Paris market $36,000. 'K8. We do not try to pinhook our customers, but do our best to give all thesame treatment and the best information at our command at all times. Last season we advised everybody to hold tobacco until January 1st. We now want toinform you that tobacco is very, very high in North Carolina, and judging ourmarket by that,' as we have been able to do in the past, good bright tobacco willbe very high in Kentucky. Hie apparent large per cent, of low grade tobacco inthis crop has a tendency to make us apprehensive of lower prices for commontobacco, though we are glad to note a very considerable advance in low gradesupon hogshead market in the past ten days.9. It will pay you to put your tobacco over the floor. The speculatorwho offers to buy expects to make money and is probably better posted thanyou.10. Take pains mstrippmgcaadr sorting anklet us seH yoar d-op for theHifhDoHar: --ic4:A.1B.C-. M.JAS...HANCOCKCLAY, JR..CALDWELL,Ifc2&,irs vxc -, .D 1 R E C TORFTfcfj,H. S. CAYWOOD,ED. BURKE,SAM CLAY,W. MLV-X. ..A ..&N Ic. d:9. R. BURRIS,TOM brock;,UNO. T. COLLINSVmt ff-H m. & ji"mia"ii- uWailf.-viit " -,'&& ;WS"it-"W Vf - r -" - J " " " ' f f Z- r jr v-l- -f. ' I" v K "vi.p"' ?txf JfaypgMfafcaiBg'y3z,.."?g 3j-3gwMirjjMtlMiMi --- - . j.uji iMHBKaMM ! AfrImmt'.l&-.1S11t f' i1t -1CwTi "4 - J!- ilipp-r- arTpjv--"v iSIMONPOne Lot of HuckTowels af 21cOuting Cloth, 35cGrade at 25cr "T T 'PPPPP!l'ifPUBLIC1 H H H H H H H m M HA REAL ECONOMY EVENTMonths ago, aware of the rapidly rising cost of all merchandise, we bought heavily. This has been abackward season. Weather conditions have not been such as to encourage spirited early buying. Today ourcabinets and shelves are filled with new Fall merchandise bought far below its present value'. These circumstances, together with our desire to do our share to aid our friends in reducing the high cost of living as iar aswe are'able, is responsible for this Public Benefit Sale.v -Here is an announcement that should be greeted with wild enthusiasm in hundreds of Bourbon County homes. Coming as it does at the beginning of theseason it affords you an opportunity to completely garb yourself in the season's newest apparel at actually less than we could replace it for were we to buy it today.What are you going to do about it? .Surely you will grasp this opportunity, which means such great and timely savings to you. Come, come early. Get your choice.Sale Starts Thursday, Dec. 4th and Ends Saturday, Dec. 20th.Ladies' -SuitsOne lot of Suits, odds and ends andsamples, worth up to $50.00 $24.75One lot of Sample Suits, $60.00 to$75.00, Public Benefit Sale.... $4-9.50One lot of Suits, $85.00 to $100.00,Public Benefit Sale $79;50Ladies' CoatsOpe lot of Ladies' Coats, $30.00 to35.00.- $24.75One lot of Ladies' Coats,. $50.00. . 39,75One lot of Ladies' Coats, $70.00 to$75.00 v. 59.50One lot of Ladies' Coats, $90.00 to$100.00 .' 79.50One lot of Ladies' Coats, $125.00 98.00Children's CoatsChildren's Coats, $15.00 $12.98Children's Coats, S20.00 16.98Children's Coats, $25.00 22.50Children's Coats. $29.00 24.75Ladies' Silk Jersey Petticoats, $4.98Kimonas$3.98 values for $3.484.'5() values for. . ; 3985.98 values for 4,986.98 values for 598Ladies' DressesOne lot of Ladies' Jersey Dresses,from $30.00 to $35.00 . ."$ 1 9,75Ladies' Satin Dresses, $50.00. . . . 39.50Ladies' Satin Dresses, $55.00 44.75Ladies' Tricolette Dresses, $70.00to $75.00 59.50Ladies' Georgette Dresses, $50.00 39.5 OLadies' Serge DressesLadies' Serge Dresses, $25.Q0. ..$1 9.75Ladies' Serge Dresses, $35.00....$37.5OLadies' Tricotine Dresses, $50.00 39.50Children's DressesChildren's Serge Miss AmericaMiddy Suits, $25,00 $22.50Children's Serge Miss AmericaMiddy Suits, $29. 50.., 34.75Children's Serge Dresses, $15.00 1 2.98Children's Gingham DressesChildren's Gingham Dresses, $2.50 $1 .98$3.00 quality V. 2.593.50 quality 3.984.00 quality 3 .485.00 quality 4.39Ladies' SkirtsLadies' Skirts, $15.00 $ 1 2.98Ladies' Skirts, $19.75 .' 1 6.98Ladies' Shirt WaistsLadies' Georgette Crepe Waists,$6.00 1 $4.98Ladies' Georgette Crepe Waists,$7.50 1 5.98Ladies' Georgette Crepe Waists.v $10.00 ' 8.48Ladies' Georgette Crepe Waists, -$12.50 10.98Ladies' vGeorgette Crepe Waists,$15.00....' 12.98Ladies' Georgette Crepe Waists,$20.00 15.98$1.98 Pajamas at ... . $1.69Blankets$3.00 quality,6.00 quality,10.00 quality,12.50 quality.20.06 quality22.50 quality,$2.484.87.981 0.9816.5019.75Comforts$7.50 quality8.50 quality$5.986.98Ladies' Union SuitsMillineryLadies' Hats, $5.00 $3.98LadiesMIats, 7.50 ' 4.98Ladies' Hats, 10.00 -. 7.50Ladies' Hats, 12.50 T. 8.98Ladies' Hats, 15.00 1 0,98Ladies' Hats, 20.00 14.98Ladies' Union Suits, 98c quality 79cOne lot of odds and ends of Ladies'Pants and Vests, 60c and 75c val 48cMunsing Wear $2. 00 Union Suits.. $1.69$2.50 quality at !. . 1 .982.75 quality at 2.48Munsing Pants and Vests, $1.50quality for 1 .29Children's Suits, $1.50 1 .29Children's Suits, 2T00 1.69One Lot Outing Gowns, $2.50quality, at $2.19'BHiHHBBHBHHMBaBaHBaHHBaf Crib Blankets75c grade 64c$1. 25 grade 98cJL.50 grade $ 1 .291.75 grade 1 .592.00 grade ........ 1 .791Sweaters$12. 50 value . . . .- $S.9Searfs, $12.50 value 9.98Children's Sweaters$7.50 value 5.98FursVFurScarfs, $12.50. K $ 9.98Fur Scarfs, 15.00 12.98Fur Scarfs, "20.00 .-. . . .'. , 15.98Fur Scarfs, 25.00 ' 21,50FurScarfs, 30.00 24.75FurScarfs, 40.00 32.50FurScarfs, 50.00.- 42.50Muffs at a Great Reductionin PriceDress Ginghams29c quality 28c40c quality ' , . . : 34c50c quality .' 42 l-2c75c quality .' 2 12e85c quality -.' 74cPercales35c quality 29c50c quality : . . . -.39cApron Ginghams"Lancaster Ginghams at .- 24cChildren's E. Z. Union Suitsworth $1.50 for 98cSilk Hose$2.50 quality $2.193.50 quality 2.98. Lisle Hose50c quality .'. 39c75c quality : sgc98c quality ." v 7scOne lot odds and ends of hosiery at 19cTabSe Linen$1.00 quality for . 85c1.50 quality for v $1.293.50 quality for 2.985.00 quality for 3,98This Sale is Strictly Cash No CreditStore Closed Wednesday, December 3rd, to Mark Down GoodsMain StreetvParis, Kentucky,."'sS N'Vlr 4.73-W5 "tpp,,4" -IB. : : : J i, -,T . Ir -- - t "v. ,- t ,VJr1"4-A-,V'- wAla: . 'ZccLi ;w-f r5r4?zm jy?- Hftffifffig. . . a . -OC-.--A iVTUESDAY, DECEMBER. 1919iMp.--. . - - -.3 a--, . jijt- a- Tii r .- I --, i jv-S -;5Aa:7-.-rXXLEi .DU UXUDUCI JHXiYf 0 YflJVJt JltCUftX .. ,' rvPAGEHTK-K"s;$4.jjf: t-!Sg&y iStearf&rAga.'-jgai jiMJtei .L.m 'CX. v':y&v,TK "..T' 1 -IVxFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEYOU'LL LIKE IT."Do your shopping at A. F.Wheeler's, opposite CourtHouse. You will like it. Allkinds of furniture novelties.u)oSOMETHING USEFUL FORCHRISTMAS PRESENTWhat could be more useful as acjirjcunas present than some of thepvrex Glass Cooking Pieces? Wev-ive a splendid stock of it., LOWRY & MAY.. oSTAKT A SAVINGS ACCOUNT ATPEOPLES DEPOSIT BANKDon't be without spending moneyDe Christmas. Start a Savingsaccount now. We will pay 3 percent interest on these time deposits.Xo deposit taken less than $1.00.ctart this week.PEOPLES DEPOSIT BANK &TRUST CO. (x)oEXECUTOR APPOINTEDIn the County Court Saturday, theiwll of the late W. W. Hinton, whodied in St. Petersburg, Florida,recently, was probated. The widownamed "as executor, qualified for theposition.. oAN APPROPRIATE AND ACCEPTABLE CHRISTMAS GIFT.Nothing is more appropriate for aChristmas gift than one of thosefancy boxes or baskets of Miss Holiday's delicious candies. Leaveyour order now.(x) BRUCE HOLLADAY.. oGIFTS WORTH WHILE HANDSOME AND MODERATELY SOLDDon't buy trash for gifts. Let usshow you something worth while.Pictures, Leather Goods, Books,Fancy Baskets, Games, Stationery,Novelties that are really new andworth while. Beautiful line of novelChristmas Greeting Cards to selectfrom,(x) PARIS BOOK STORE.'- oAN IRONTON HEATER IS JUSTTHE TRICK.Why worry about what to buy fora Christmas gift. You need a gasheater any way. Buy one for mother's Christmas gift. The whole family will enjoy and get the benefit ofit, too. When it comes to heaters,an Ironton settles the argument. Wehave a large stock of all sizes.PARIS "GAS & ELECTRIC CO.(x) (Incorporated) x. oTOYS, TOYS.See our window display ofToys and all kinds of ToyFurniture, Dolls, Waiters,etc, for the children. Allreasonably priced.E.M. WHEELER & CO.x Robneei Building.oFRACTURES HIPMrs. Minnie Wilson, formerly ofParis, fell while walking down vaflight of steps in her residence inAtlanta, Ga., last week, sustaininga fractured hip. A telegram to relatives in Paris stated that herdaughter, Mrs. John I. Bronson, ofJacksonville, Fla., had gone to hermother's bedside.NEW K.-0F P. OFFICERS.At the regular meeting of Rathbone Lodge,, No. 12, Knights ofPythias, held in their Castle Hall, inthe Wilson building, the followingofficers, to serve during the ensuingterm, were elected:Chancellor Commander, KoscooCarniichaeU- Vice-Chancellor, Dr.Avonia Kiser; Chaplain, J. B. Peterson; Master-of-Work, Walter Blythe;Keeper of Records and Seals, B. R.Dickerson; Master of Finance,Finnell Galloway; Master of Exchequer, P. J. McCord; Masler-at-Arms,Thomas Harp; Inner Guard,J. H. Medlin; Outer Guard, Chas.W. Fothergill; Trustees, J. K. Cahal, three-year term; D. Y. L. Farley, one year term.o -START A BANK ACCOUNT TODAYDRAW 3 INTERESTWe will pay 3 interest on timedeposits. Start a savings accountto-day. You can start with as little as ONE DOLLAR, udd to it eachweek and you will -have a neat sumnext Christmas to check on. Nomore Christmas Savings Clubs willbe handled.PEOPLES DEPOSIT BANK &TRUST CO. (x)DO YOU KNOW WHAT COUNTS?SPEND LESS SAVE MORE.Why do some succeed and othersfail? The answer is easy. Somethink, and others do not.Take out stock in the BourbonBuilding & Loan Association andwhen it matures no doubt the purchasing power of money will bedoubled.Your .$1,0.00 that will manure inabout six years and -a, halLwill- buyat much as ? 2,0 00 will ttf-day. Adollar will buy twice as much whenprices drop one-half.Just think and save in our newseries which opens Saturday, December 6.H. A. POWER, Pres. -WILLS. ATtNSPARGERrSec'y.i !2$-lt) Trr ---rvSOCIAt A1JD PERSONAL.rComings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mrs. J. H. Comer lias returnedtroin an extended stay at Martinsville, Indiana, very much improvedm health.Mrs. Mary E. Lydick, of Cynthiana, is visiting her daughter,Mrs. J. O. Marshall, and Mr. Marshall, on Second street.Mrs. Catherine JJavis Craig hasreturned from New York City, whereshe accompanied a party of friendsfrom Georgetown, for a visit.Mrs. Volney W. Ferguson hasreturned from a visit to her daughter, Mrs. Charleys Miles McKinlay,and Dr. McKinlay, in New YorkCity.Mr. and Mrs. Thomas W. Allenand. Mrs. Annie Elgin motored toSharpsburg last week, where theywere guests of their aunt, Mrs. W.H. Fisher.J. M. Sturgeon, who representsthe American Tobacco Company, asbuyer, has arrived here to remainduring the .tobacco sales on theParis market.Henry S. Caywood and JamesM. Caldwell left yesterday for Chicago, to attend the annual International Livestock Show being heldthere this week.The Woman's Bible Class of theMethodist church, will give a 'silver tea" Thursday afternoon atthe residence of Mrs. Robert Mclntyre, on High street.Mr. and Mrs. George C. Thompson, Jr., returned Friday evening totheir home in Allensville, Alabama,after a visit to relatives and friendsin this fcity and county.Mrs. Walter Dempsey and son,Lewis Widrig i Dempsey, have returned to their home in Newport,after a visit to Mr. and Mrs,. Jas. B.Denpsey, of Scott Avenue.John Woodford, J. Sims Wilson and James D. McClintock leftyesterday for a month's huntingtrip hear Pensacola, Okla., whereMr. Wilson owns a big ranche.Dr. Frank Roche, of Louisville,and Mrs. Margaret Nienaber, of Cincinnati, spent the Thanksgivingholidays in this city as guests of jtheir mother, Mrs. T. F. Roche, andfamily.Mr. and Mrs. Frank E. Faulkner and daughter, Mary TemplinFaulconer, have returned from Osaka, Virginia, where they were guestsof friends during the Thanksgivingholidays.Misses Anne and Jane Harris,who were week-end guests of MissMary Petree, returned yesterday totheir home in Versailles. They arcdaughters of Rev. and Mrs. GeorgeH. Harris, former residents of Paris.Miss Florence Fee arrived Sunday from Washington, D. C, for avisit -to her parents, Mr. and Mrs.A. J. Fee. Miss Fee has a clericalposition on the staff of the NationalRed Cross Society, in Washington.Mr. and Itfrs. G. M. Wheelerentertained their children with anold-time Thanksgiving at their' homenear Oddville, in Harrison county.Among the guests present were E.M. Wheeler and Mrs. N. H. Eckler,of Paris.The fifty-eighth anniversary oftheir wedding was quietly observedlast week in this city by Mr. andMrs. Nathan H. Bayle&s, Sr. Incompany with a number of friendsthey dined at the Hotel Windsor,where they were the recipients ofmany congratulations from ffiends?Time has dealt lightly with them,and they carry their years with lighthearts and faces turned toward thefuture as yet unrevealed.Among those who" attended theceremonial held by Oleika TempleShriners, in Lexington, Thursday,were the following from Paris: Mr.and Mrs. Roy Clendenin, ClarenceK. Thomas, Dr. Wm. Kenney, W. V.Shaw, M. H. H. Davis, Charles W.Fithian, Elmer Boardman, ClaySutherland, Henry C. Terrill, Thos.A. McDonald, Newton Smith, LouisGrinnell, Matt Lair, J. L. McCurdy,Wm. Dale, Lawrence Price, SwiftChamp, R. P. Hopkins, Robin Horton, Mrs. Elmer Boardman, MissSue Boardman, H. B. Arnold, J. C.Nickerson and T. W. Oakley.(Other Personals on Page 3.). oTHE STORE OF A THOUSANDGIFTS THE XMAS STOKEIf you will use judgment you willvisit our store before you buy Christmas goods articles of quality reasonably priced,(x) FRANK & CO.oFANCY BASKETS AND BOXESEeautiful Fancy Novelty Basketsin all shapes and colors. Beautifulboxes of one, two, three . and fivepound candies of the famous MissHolladay make, are very acceptableChristmas gifts.(X) JtJKUUHi tUULiAJLLX . Io i-FARMERS' WIVES AND COUNTRYFOLKS, LOOK FOR REDFRONT STORECome to my Cash Grocery and seethe newest, freshest line of groceries and fruits in Paris. The nicestline of Christmas goods in the wayof candies, nuts, fruits, etc., everbrought to Paris. Nice home-madecakes, beaten biscuits, etc.Highest market price paid for butter and. eggs. Look for the RedFront, opposite the court house.MRS. ELLIS' CASH GROCERY.- (x)oHAVE A BANK ACCOUNT WEPAY 3 ON TIME DEPOSITSOne dollar starts a Savings Account at our bank. Start one today and add a little each week andby next Christmas you will have aneat little account to check on.We will pay 3 interest on theseaccounts. No more 'Christmas Clubs"will' be handled Nothing less thana dollar will be accepted.FARMERS Jb TRADERfiT.BANK.TO TIY FRIENDS AND PATRONSYou only' have' about three weeksin which to have your photographtaken for Christmas. During the'past two years the photographic arthas become a science, and to go itone better I have composed an elec-'trie lighting system for studio useonly, that makes all other lightslook dim and low. Have you such alight in your home?Pardon me for appearing in typethese busy days, and excuse me forusing sayings that I hear in thestudio, but they are' Hrue, andgreatly amusing to me, even in thepresent state of iray health. Now,showing proofs that have not beentouched up, I hear customers say:"Oh, I am not that fleshy!" or, "Really, I am not that slender!" or, "Ilook awful. I don't like my hairput up that way." Now, a word ortwo to you. I can beautify or modify, as the case may call for. Whenpreparing fora sitting, why don't!you leave your vanity at home andbe photographed as men and women.Then comes up the old argument:"I don't like 'that coat. Can I haveanother sitting gratis?" But thequestion now is will you appear natural and at ease as a subject for thecamera?Remember, please, the time isgrowing short, and if you want toget your photos in time for Christmas, you must have the work donenow.A. R. JOHNS.oFRANK & CO. WILL OBEY FUELCLOSING.In compliance with the order ofthe Fuel Administration, our storewill not open until 9:00 a. m. andclose al 4:00 p. m., beginning today, until the fuel ban is lifted.FRANK & CO.HAVE A BANK ACCOUNT WEPAY 3 ON TIME DEPOSITSOne 'dollar starts a Savings Account at our bank. Start one today and add a little each week andby next Christmas you will have aneat little account to check on. Wewill pay 3 interest on these accounts. No more Christmas ClufcSwill be handled. Nothing less thana dollar will be accepted.FARMERS & TRADERS BANK.(x)oUSEFUL AND ORNAMENTALFurniture, rugs, vacuum sweepers, electroliers all make usefuland ornamental Christmas presents.We have them(It) THE J. T. HINTON CO.. O ; ""CENSUS TAKERS SELECTED.All the census" takers for allBourbon county precincts, with theexception of Ruddles Mills No. 1,have been selected and recommended to the Supervisor of this district,at Lexington. Anyone interested inthat section of the county and desiring to take the examination, isasked to call on Postmaster J. Walter Payne for full information.oFOR THE LADIESWe are showing a big line of writing desks, tea wagons, sewingstands, davenports, kitchen cabinets, serving tray and many otheruseful articles.(It) THE J. T. HINTON CO.STARTA SAVINGS ACCOUNT-ONE DOLLAR STARTS ITStart a savings account with usand have a nice little sum to checkon next Christmas. You can startwith ONE DOLLAR add to it asyou please during the year. We willpay you 3 interest on this account. You will never miss themoney and will be surprised at theend of the year how much you havesaved.FARMERS & TRADERS BANK-(x)Bookkeper Wanted.We desire to secure the servicesof an industrious and competentyoung woman who can keep booksand look after correspondence. Callin person sDICKERSON & SON,(2-tf) 106 Tenth St., Paris, Ky.Notice to StockholdersThe stockholders of the BourbonAgricultural Bank & Trust Co., ofParis, Kentucky, will meet af theirbankin ghouse on Monday, January1, 1920, between the hours of 9 a.m. and 3 p. m., to elect eleven directors for the ensuing year.J.T. COLLINS, President. .BUCKNER WOODFORD, Cashier.(2-td)Notice to StockholdersThe stockholders of the Depositand Peoples Bank, of Paris, Kentucky, will meet at their bankinghonse on Monday, January 1,1920,between J;he hours of 9 a. m. and 3p. m., to""'elect directors for the ensuing year.SILAS E. BEDFORD, President.C. K. THOMAS, Cashier.(2-td)Notice to StockholdersThe stockholders of the Farmersand Traders' Bank, of Paris, Kentucky, will meet at their bankinghouse on Monday, January 1, 1920,between the hours of 9 a. m. and 3p. m.,,to elect directors for, the ensuing year. -FRANK P. KISER, President.I , vv;., w. mituiimijIj, yasnier.-For RentTFour rooms on Broadway, opp.court house, with water, gas andelectric light(2-ltJD. Y. L. FARLEY,Both Phones 48.For Sale-Gas Heater.A igopd second-hand New ProcessGas' Heater for sale at $7.50. Callphone 34 or at residence, 811 Pleasant street.(tf) MRS. SWIFT CHAMP.Salesladies WantedApply in person at Friedman'sShoe Store, corner Main anti Sixthstreets. . (it)'Salesgirls WantedvTen'girls wanted to help out inOur big sale.SIMON DEPARTMENT STORE.(It)Pianos and PlayerPianos.If you are going to buy a Pianoor Player Piano for the holidays,now is the time to prepare. We alsomake a specialty of tuning and adjusting Pianos, Players and Organs, factory experienced.J. T. TEMPLEMAN, PIANO CO.J. B. Geis, Representative.918 Main Street.Cumberland Phone 578.(dec2-tf)THE FAIRA Genuine Surprise!In pleasing and appropriate giftsfor the holidays, and indeed, it is asurprise to our customers to find howfar a little money-goes. You arecordially invited to inspect our;stock.Glance over a few of our prices:Large size decorated shavingmugs 35c, mayonaise sets 69c, afterdinner cups and saucers 15c, genuine cut glass salts and peppers, 25c,beautiful vases, each 10c, nickelplated comb, tray and brush 69c,China sugars and creams, each 49c,salt "dip 10c, celery dip 10c, Chinanut sets, nut crack and picks, 35c,spoon trays, cake plates, saladbowls,, shaving sets, baby sets, infants' baskets, Wear-ever Aluminum ware, T pots, T kettles, coffee percolators, dish pans, wash basins, roasters, syrup stands, allhighly! polished a .full line to select from. Silver-plated knives andforks,- T and table spoons, sugarshells, butter knives, etc., toy chairs,toy beds, cradles, drums,. Alabamacorn jiggers, Ouija boards, movingpicture machines, rocking horses,dolls of- every description, toy Fordautos, Teddy bears a wonderful selection of toys.THE FAIR100DividendTO BE PAID BYRangerCentralNotice is hereby given thatapproximately 100 per cent,dividends will be paid toRanger Central shareholders on December 24. Bookswill be closed on December10. Stockholders of recordon that date will be entitled to dividends.Those holding stock whichdoes not appear in theirname should send same tothe main office of the company, 516 Trust Buliding,for transfer into theirnames. Stock appearing inthe name of the holder neednot be transferred. Dividends will go forwardpromptly on that date.Rapger Central's No. 2well is drilling. No. 3's derrick is up. Casing has beenbought for all the wells.The steel strike will notinterfere with developments. A Merry ChristmasTo AllRangerCentral Oil-& Refining Co.516 Trust Building,El Pasor Texas.DR. F. P. CAMPBELLLocal Agent Ranger Central and Service Oil Co.m",,"....jpqPTrTTrrUU!!!HI!)!!!wKflW&Q T E. Tenn. 288 Home 130 ruEXf HOLIDAY IfI ANNOUNCEMENT 'lV OFTHE VHO USE OF QUALITYWe are now prepared to show you our wonderfulassortment of goods, assembled from the cream ofthe jewelry market; a magnificent array of articlesmost suitable for Christmas gifts for men, women .and children.And NowA Word to the WiseChristmas will soon he here and those who are wise will dox their shopping early. Under the present conditions prevailing inthe manufacturing line the shortage of material the curtailment of the workfnsr hour and the unsettled conditions of laborhas made it a most difficult matter to obtain the right kind ofgoods in sufficient quantities for the holiday season. .We 'made anearly trip to the Eastern markets gathering up the best and mostseasonable novelties of the year; frankly we have not received allthat we purchased, but the bulk. of our goods has arrived and weare now prepared to show them to the early buyer. But you mustnot delay this year, or you will be badly disappointed, for thestock will soon be picked dver and the nicest goods naturally willbe the first selected. So bear our warning in mind take the hintand do your Christmas shopping NOW. Anything purchased nowwill be gladly held for you till Christmas.We are showing abeautiful line of Ladies'Rings anil Pins mounted in both platinumand gold.Ladies' BraceletWatch ees, every movement guaranteed, withribbon or chain bracelet. Genuine ImportedHand 4Made BeadedBags; no duplicateseach bag is distinctive.Birth Stone Rings.La Vallieres.A beautiful line ofElectric Lamps.Howard, Hamilton,Elgin and WalthamWatches for men, casedin solid gold and goldfilled. The standardtime keepers of theworldiCuff Buttons.Tie Pins.Belt Buckles.Fobs.Waldemar Chains.Our Stock of Ivory Goods and Novelties is the Largest andMost Complete in the City.The "House of Quality", Shire & FithiangygiU.ll Hi I It 1 1 U.t lIUItlAlsg! '16actiHOLIDAYSPECIALSCOLUMBIA GRAFONOLAS ANDCOLUMBIA RECORDSFINE STATIONERYin new, attaactive boxesCIGARS AND TOBACCOSPERFUMESNTOILET WATERSSATCHETS ' 'TOILET ARTICLESCOMBS AND BRUSHESMIRRORSiCONKLIN PENS.PIPESICY HOT BOTTLESCHRISTMAS TAGS, CARDS, SEALSAND DECORATIONSARDERYfurniture For Sale.As we areJgetting ready to moveto another house, we are offeringfor sale privately, a lot of surplushousehold goods, which includes inpart the following articles :1 mahogany cabinet graphophone,practically new. Cost $135 less thana year ago;2 mantle cabinets with bevel mirrors; 1 book case ; "1 folding bed with mattress-j-1 hat rack;1 center table;1 gas cooking stove;1 double barrel take down shotgun,practically . new ;1 gas heater for bath room;Some chairs, rugs, pictures andother miscellaneous articles.Prospective purchasers are invitedto 'calL, at. our home 234 Mt. AiryAvenue"and inspect the article offered before December 5, 191JT.MRS. L. TT, LILLESTON,--2S4-Mtr., AirvATenue,(29nov-tf)Pari, Ky.The most completeline of Up-to-Date Novelties we have evercarried.Card Cases.Dorines. 'Mesh Bags.Book Racks.Toilet Sets.Smoking Sets.Writing; Sets.Children's Sets.Fountain Pens.Ever-sharp Pencils.!l,M!.l!3fg&SJjLlJ IULUJJ Ijmmmfill:DRUG CO.XFor the best Metal andComposition Roofing at tharight price call at Mrs.Templin's Paint Store, 133tSouth Main Street, Paris, Ky.(till marl-T)Makes Hens LayGets the eggs in anyweather. It is easily given in thefeed and doesn't force orhurt the feen in any way. Don Sung 'is t real tonic ,Try itif. it doetn'tpay for itself and pay you a good profitbesides, your money will be proioptly:trelTOdCMO. .Trial sizt.50.cets. V-!.. .,. ,. - - 2: c -r!JW iJunum FC-NfV? '. -"-2StAhir'4.K5" yit:1Hl"MW, -- . , ' KtJ t."v-isx-)Sz'!,. -z,A&"jjAA "--- v. ; -v' -mi'J:-.'-C vfctAOXflXrtr . """ THE BOTOSQft NEWS. PABIS; SSflTECgT-v--TUESDAY; DECEMBER 2, 191 V"eWill Not be One Day WithoutT Ts k " ,.-, --5ll7irs Latfy TELLS Mar F&IEMDSMrs. Mary Fricke, 507 Eorninan St., Belleville,TIL, is just one of the many thousands of ladiesthroughout the country who, after an agony ofyears, have at last found health, strength andvigor in PE-RU-NA. JHer own words tell of her suffering and recovery Eg?better than we can do it: "I suffered with myoften could not lay on a pillow. Saw your book, ifp-tried PE-RU-NA and got good results irom tnefirst bottle. To be sure of a cure I took twelve.bottles. I have recommended PE-RU-NA to myfriends and all are well pleased with results. Iwill not be one day without PE-RU-NA. Have nothadf a doctor since I Etarted with PE-RU-NA, whichwas about fifteen years ago. I am now sixty-threeyears old, hale, hearty and well. Can do as muchwork as my daughters. I feel strong and healthyntifl vvpfp-l's npnr txvrn Tmnrlrul Trmnrl:. "Rpfnrp Tweighed as little as one hundred. I hope lot? of MRS. mary frickbpeople use PE-RU-NA and get the results I did." An experience likethat of Mrs. Fricke is an inspiration to every sick and sufferingwoman.If you have catarrh, whether it be of the nose, throat, stomach,bowels, or other organs, PE-RU-NA is the remedy. It is not new;it is not an experiment. PE-RU-NA has been tried. PE-RU-NA hafibeen used by thousands who once were sick and are now well. Toprevent coughs, colds, grip and Influenza and to hasten recoverythere is nothing better.PE-RU-NA will improve the appetite and digestion, purify the blood,sooth the irritated mucous linings, eradicate the waste material andcorruption from the system. It will tone up the nerves, give youhealth, strength, vigor and the joy of living. Do what Mrs. MaryFricke and thousands more have done try PE-RU-XA. You will bo,glad, happy, thankful.Tablet or Liquid. Sold Everywhere.rasP' - 4 aWtomL .viSs&wfrJ&c .Fkst Wedding VeiF.The first -wedding veil was calledthe "flammeum." It was a large yellow veil that completely covered theGreek and Roman brides during themarriage ceremony. The bridal wreath,jbf orange blossoms, which Is the conventional thing today, was Introducedinto Europe by the Crusaders, and Is& Christian substitute for the gilt coronet worn by the' Jewish brides.Honesty is the best policy, butdeliver me from the man who isnonest because it is best policy.CK)LjJi sn s5Sv " AJ-itSrc.-Southern Optical Co.iucoryora.i.euManufacturers of Perfect-FittingSPECTACLES ANDEYE GLASSESKryptoks Artificial EyesInvisible Bifocal Lens4th & Chestnut Sts.,LOUISVILLE, KY.tDR. WM. R. FRANKLINVardtn's Drug Store.Send Profiteers To. Prison"If the law is to nave salutaryeffect at all, that can be accomplished only by the imprisonment ofpersons convicted of profiteering inthe necessities of life."These are not the words of anacademic thinker, nor of a sensational reformer. They are the dictum of a Federal Judge in New YorkCity, after bearing the jury's verdict of guilty after trial of twocommission merchants accused ofextorting 22 cents a pound for'sugar for which they had paid only9 cents. Such an indication ofjudicial alertness to public sentiment will be hailed everywhere byAmericans ' disgusted with the utterfailure of fines to reform suchoffenders.The profiteer quails before aprison sentence. Punishment inthese cases must be made exemplary.iiRE"StIF HAIR IS1TFora Pew Cents You Can SaveYour Hair and DoubleIts BeautyTo stop falling hair at once andrid the scalp of every particle ofdandruff, get a small bottle of delightful "Danderine" at any drugor toilet counter for a few cents,pour a little in your hand and rubit into the scalp. tAfter several applications the hair usually stopscoming out and you can't find anydandruff. Help ypur hair growstrong, thick and long andbecome soft, glossy and twice asbeautiful and abundant.(adv)w'm-iiu:r-.-T-s'WHITE PLAGUE IS MORE FATALTHAN GREAT WAR."The National Tuberculosis Association is engaged in a battle inwhich it will be successful only inthe degree that it is persistent. Thecampaign faces much-goaded popular sensations which are resolved torelax at any cost, and thus it findsthe task more difficult. Because the'white plague' lacks sensational elements it does not command attention and many people think that thesubject does not concern them. Butwe felt a certain concern when theGermans were accounting for thedeaths of some 60,000 Americanshow, then should we feel toward theenemy at home, which during thesame period of time, took toll of150,000 American lives? The goodnatured public is slow to wrath, butslower still to comprehend thetuth when doing so requires it tochange established notions. It ishigh time we set ourselves rightand realize that tuberculosis claimsa victim out of every three personswho die between the ages of 18 and45 the productive time of life. Itis estimated that the economicwaste from the disease in the United States is $500,000,000 annually.The fight against this ravager ismore than a question of health itis one of economics and productionas well. And there is a good prospect of making progress against thedisease. That tuberculosis is bothcurable and preventable has beenestablished beyond doubt by science.We cannot afford to ignore the challenge. "This year, through the influenceof war, the United States is facedwith an unprecedented shortage ofhomes, a shortage which makesovercrowding in our cities more intense. Tuberculosis thrives in acrowded, bad air and unsanitaryconditions make it flourish. Butscience offers methods which willmore than offset the handicap, andit only remains for the public tosupport the . organizations whichuse the power of science. RedCross Christmas Seals will soon behere, and their sales will registerthe amount of fight which the public is resolved to subscribe the coming year."oSECURESWftLEASE OF LIFETHROUGH TRIAL"I'm 67, But I Feel Young andStrong, Since Using Trutona,"Stephenson Says.LOUISVILLE, KY., Dec. 1. "I'msixty-seven years old, but regardless of my age I feel young andstrong to-day, since taking Trutona," Joseph Stephens', a Louisville carpenter who lives at 3411 W.Kentucky -Street, said recently."I had a bad cough," Mr. Stephenson said in describing his case."During the severe winter of 19171918 I moved from the country intotown and contracted a bad cold atthat time. I didn't dare to exert.myself as I would invariably suffer asevere coughing spell if I did. Ithink I used every cough syrup Icould find and I tried several othermeans, but I didn't get relief fromthe cough until I began using Trutona. "My friends told me I lookedwretched and I certainly felt thatway before I began taking Trutona.I came home from the South, whereI had been working, presumably todie, but now I feel like a differentman. The severe cough has practically disappeared now. As I said,I'm feeling young and strong at theage of sixty-seven."Here is another of thousands ofcases where Trutona has broughtlong-needed relief after other medicines had failed. The perfect tonic.is almost unfailing in its successfultreatment of stomach, liver andbowel troubles, nervousness, sleeplessness, loss of appetite and thelike. As a reconstructive tonic,system purifier and body invigorant,Trutona is equally as efficient.Trutona, the perfect tonic, is nowbeing introduced and explained inParis at the Drug Store of G-. S. Varden & Son.(adv)oEATHBONE LODGE VAUDEVILLEEAULY W DECEMBEREasiest ScrubbindWith Powdered Soap"WhenGrandma comesthe DirtMust Fly"MMMMsi Sir B TU-, - 1IBBIB till: fs- Vw-JKWliyL Ti Hill 'feWte: .V"'" Ss lulu ' NT M J T I fnil H uXiZzzlA) - . l'l T"M'IT 'MMMMM I II I "' iMiii-iiiiiiiiiiii Miiin HH -mV'. S VA rFTTC -IcoML'IIIIIk-1 i III ikim H (h-i 1111 jStCy fA ) i 1 1 MByHHffn il'mr Mil 'ikcfi MllHilllll li W! f VI ' 12-jHFMImmmmwFrgry' .ifll UF: fe dill :.BBv AttutMmmmmmr -rmW JmmA hrllll w; IKHiPqqoLet Grandma's Powdered Soap show youhow much easier the job of scrubbing can bemade. Grandma's Powdered Soap is the finest bar soap in powdered form. Takes theplace of washing powder and bar soap. Doesthe work of both. Goes farther and cheaperto use; Just a- spoonful or two in a pail ofwater and your scrubbing efforts are cut in half.The wonderfully bubbly soapy suds doeithe work that your muscles did before.Grandma's Powdered Soap won't scratch "or mar anything. It "just cleans the thingsand makes them spick and span in a hurry,Order a package of GrandmasPowered Soap to-day.AV-rSrry ,-YVX.lioimfmM ( Wmmdim mm WhFmeMM ; rOWmm wti f Jg JH m lmmmmWwmWienrntijnwvnMMmrrmrndmas' 1and ffiiderd SOAP;Tru7his Powdered SoapTodaiTCbaoE G2?cei?Has ItlThe Ghbe Soap Company. Gncinnati.Why Is AHeadache ?Various Causes For This ommcnAfflictionAnemia or Bloodlessness a VeryCommon CausePepto-Mangan Overcomes Anemiaand Tends to PreventrHeadachesn3imnmDon't Worry About theLaundryLet Us Demonstrate theEden ElectricWashing MachineIn Ypur Own HomeExtensive preparations are beingmade by members of RathboneLodge No. 12, Knights of Pythias,for the Dresentation earlv in Dp-cember of their big "Victory Vaudeville," which is to be given undertheir auspices.The best talent in Paris will be,enrolled for this presentation, andthere will be plenty of fun. musin.and dancing in fact the entertainment will embrace a wide variety ofamusement features. A number ofprofessionals of decided ability willalso be in the production. T. RavInnes, a well-known actor-producer, 'win De here to assist in the showand in its direction. It' goes withoutsaying "that this will be the greatestvaudeville event of the present season..-N-.T. W. SPICER1j.;Stj -lai'ts314 Main St.EmCTiParis, KentuckynMtHi; Hunt Phfttwlfig I feet -rid ofHhe cold."I-o-SPLENBID COUGH MEDICDOl"As I feel that every familyshould know what a splendid medicine Chamberlain's Cough Remedyis, I am only too pleased to relatemy experience and only wish that Ihad known of its merits years ago,"writes Mrs. Clay Fry, Ferguson Station, Mo. "I give it to my. childrenwhen they show the slightest symptoms of being croupy, and when Ihave a cough or cold' on the lungs avery few doses will relieve me, andujr ia.augx4i ior a iew aays i soonWhen one has an occasional headache it is usually due to some transient or passing cause, such as indigestion, eye-strain, over-tiredness,etc. When, however, one suffersfrom frequent periodic headachesthere is always some special reasonfor it. Among the most common ofsuch reasons in Anemia or Bloodlessness. This condition is especi-,ally frequent among girls and youngwomen and those whose occupation?or habits of life keep them toomuch indoors. The one importantnecessity in such cases is to build upthe quantity and quality of theweak and watery blood. Glide'sPepto-Mangan is exceptionally valuable, for this purpose. It increasedthe number and improves the quality of the red blood cells, those vitallittle bodies wnich carry nutritionto all parts of the body. It improvesi tne appetite, imparts color to theiace, and restores health andstrength to the body generally.After a short course of Pepto-Manganthe headaches decrease in frequency and severity, and finally disappear, if they are due to Anemia.Pepto-Mangan may be had either inliquid or tablet form, as prepared.When buying Pepto-Mangan be surethe name "Gude's" is on the package. Without "Gude's" it i? notPepto-Mangan.(adv)oSwift Fr a Short Distance.Sparrow can fly short distances atae rate of eighty miles an hour.THE UNIVERSAL CARThe Ford Coupe with an electric self-startingand lighting system is one of the most popularmembers of the Ford Family. It is a permanently enclosed car, with sliding plate glassiwindowsan open car with plenty of shade.Then in inclement weather, enclosed and cozydust-proof and rain-proof. Just the car fortravehngsalesmen, physicians, architects, contractors, builders, and a regular family car fortwo. Demountable rims with 3-inch tires allaround. To women it brings the convenienceand comforts of the electric with the durabilityand economy of the Ford car. Early orders willavoid long delays in delivery.Ruggles Motor CompaiiyBank Row, Paris, Ky.ariC3-: &dtrnvksSSATTS5TI0H FAEMERS! LET USKILL YOUE HOGS.MR. PBJBD WHITE SAYS. DON'TIDLE BECAUSE YOU ONLYSEE ONE RAT.Wc ar- especially prepared andnow readv to slaughter your -hogstor yon. and can do it better andcheaper that von can. We will alsorender your ara and mpJ.e .arosase. n?il us over .the phoneand -we t1 do The rest.MAEWJTpnq , SANITARY MEAT25AESET. (21-tf)weLiberty(deq-adv) 4CffAj&BERLABTS TABLETS-These InMets Inforo na:-ally ror mdISeion and constipatiun They tone up the stomach andenable 11 ,10 reform its ' functionsnatursRy. They act gentfy on theliver ard TKwete, thereby restoringfollower. Whites example. Three! conditio.; - When you fii iSSffsizes. 25c 50JC fi.'ODi -SoM (('i'wJJ:mai. tocxre certain to he bImmDwith ticir lfct. V P4"I did, pretty soon I found mycellar full. They ate my potatoes.After trying RAT SNAP I got 5deadrats. The rest later. They pass upthe potatoes to eat RAT-SNAP." Ifthere are rats around vour ninn.guaranteed ,by The-JParniersCSuplWe WantBondsall issuesWar StampsWill pay top market price.S. T. & E. W. RANDLE CO.Phoae 1229X Fayette Bank BU&.t LXINGTON, KY.(till-Janl)TAXI - CAB, SERVICEAUTd LIVERY CO.E. McCrackei, Prop.Mtater c CimpwisoYn'jii k31s(dec-dvs,(4-aiTXMlCaN7ttTv-. yTUESDAY, DECEMBER 2. 1919TUB BOTOBOB HEWS. PAmCBHOTCgT"SYRUP OF FIGS"IS LAXATIVE'.FOR CHILDwk At ToHtfue! Eemove PoisonsJrom Stomacli, layer tndBowelsvCXw xAccept "California" Syrup of Figsonly look for tie name Californiaon the package, then you are sureyour child is having the best andmost harmless laxative or physic forthe little stomach, liver and bowels.Children love its delicious fruittaste. Full directions for child'sdose on each bottle. Give it without fear.Mother! You must say "California." (adv)GENUINE PRUIT CAKES FORCHRISTMASPlace your order with us if youwant a genuine, delicious fruit cakefor Christmas. They taste and smelllike the kind "mother used to make."We also have a nice line of all kindsof fruits and nuts.PARIS BAKERY,(x) (Wilmoth's Old Stand.)PIYTERIAHS ESTABLISH AHJOJJirxtfwuouvu- iSUlLfciAU.The Department of Publicity ofthe Presbyterian church in the TJ.S. A., is the first in the country toundertake systematically to educatechurches up to regular newspaperadvertising. This department,whose headquarters are 156 Fifthavenue, New York City, has justopened a Western office at 17 NorthState street, Chicago, with HerbertH. Smith in charge. The specialwork of this office will be the development of this plan of systematicnwespaper advertising by the Presbyterian churches..Mr. Smith was formerly managing editor of The Continent, of Chicago, and prior to that was engagedin daily newspaper work. He hasspecialized in church advertising.He is the author of a book on thesubject and has given lectures on it?in McCormick Theological Seminary. Already 'Presbyterian churches aredoing a great deal of newspaper advertising and are responding rapidlyto the work of the Presbyterian Department of Publicity along thisline. So great has been this response that it has become necessaryto open this Western office., oCATARRH CANNOT BE CUREDwith " LOCAL, APPLICATIONS, asthey cannot reach the seat of thedisease. Catarrh is a local disease,greatly influenced by constitutionalconditions, and in order to cure ityou must take an internal remedy.Hall's Catarrh Medicine is takeninternally and acts through theblood on the mucous surfaces of thesystem. Hall's Catarrh Medicinewas prescribed by one of the bestphysicians in this countiy for years.It is composed of some of the besttonics known, combined with sometonics known, with some ofthe very best blood prifi-crs. lne pertect coniDination ot meingredients in. Hall's Catarrh Medicine is what produces such wonderful results in catarrhal conditions.Send for testimonials free.F. J. CHENEY &C0.,, Toledo, Ohio.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Hall's Family Pills for constipation. ( dec-ad v)r 'ff iie-K'tFoundOn a table at the Ahearn Restaurant, corner of Tenth and Pleasant,a gold stick pin. Owner can havesame by calling at the restaurant,proving property and paying allcharges. (It)HOW BIG NEW YORK GROCERYHRM KEEPS DOWN RATSVroome & Co., Butter and CheeseMerchants, New York City, says:"'We keep RAT-SNAP in our cellarall the time. It keeps down rats.-We buy it by the gross, would not"be without it." Farmers use RATSNAP because rats pass up all foodfor RAT-SNAP. Three sizes, 25c, 50c$1.00. Sold and guaranteed by TheFarmers' Supply Co., Paris, Ky.(dec-adv)112 Millionsused last year"to KILL COLDSr tf ILL'SCASCARAfcf QUININERonfJ!&.Standard cold remedy for 20 years-m tablet torm sate, lure, nop.aten breaks up a com in zhours relieves grip in 3 days.Money back if it fails. Thegenuine box ha a Kedlop with Mr. Millspicture.At, All Drug StermmIBst cNSO.""-HBBklWL.UV. -fc.i : i M . v., i -VMUlfcTV -tfv ESfckMPAPER SHORTAGE INCREASESat.t. NEWSPAPER RATES.The consumption of news print-paper in the United States is exceeding the supply so materiallythat the publishers of the countryare facing a critical situation. Thequestion' of curtailment demandsimmediate attention. Indeed matters have reached such a pass thatmembers of the American Publishers' Association in a meeting heldin New York passed a resolutionrecommending that the regulationsof the War Industries Board for theconservation of news print paper besrrip.tlv adhered to. and urging publishers everywhere to increase ma-jterially their advertising ana suuscription rates and at -the sametimp. to limit the size of their issues.The paper shoitage is baa, ana itis getting worse. It is clear thatcorrectives more substantial thantalk and discussion must be tried.There must be a limitation of thej room allowed for advertising. Theremust be a general conserving orspace and a better utilization of it.Increases in rates and in subscription -nrirps nnd limitation of thesize of newspaper issues are boundto come. There is no immediate wayto escape these things.... oIWHY MR. JOE ARMSTRONG, CEL-BRATED TRAINER. "USESRAT-SNAP.Noticed rats around my kennels,having hundreds of prize dogs, couldnot take chances. Tried RATSNAP; in three weeks every rat disappeared. Noticed that my dogsnever went near RAT-SNAP. I teJlmy friends about RAT-SNAP." Usethis sure rodent killer. It's safe.Comes in cake form. Three sizes,25c, 50c, $1.00. Sold and guaranteed by The Farmers' Supply Co.,Paris, Ky. ,(dec-adv)mum 9 a l II 11 1 1 M M M 1 M MJ&a"SA. -nifeTThe J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMERSParis Ky.Mainand SixthStreetsDay phone 36INlgnt : . . 56or Home 286Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearst used for funeral purposes only. '-jibEBEIISHIv "BVBaaBBBBBHHB'BBBjBajB'nw1Do Your Christmas Shopping Early .- A, Few Suggestions BelowA Pleasant Home is Life'sKya BBHHiKeep Him Out inthe Fresh AirThis semi-collapsible sulky isvery convenient, and the mildlyresilient springs assure baby adelightful ride. Fibre body andwire wheels.Chief AssetXJOME should be morethanA A just a place to eat andsleep. It should radiate goodcheer and fellowship; it shouldbe a silent influence in theupbringing of children; a placeto which you can invite yourfriends with no feeling of embarrassment at your furniture.Such a place is truly the thingmost desired in life.-B?' 7vThis Brass Bed anda Good Night's SleepYou will awake refreshed after sleeping in this bed. Substantially constructed of brasswith satin trimming. Has excellent springs.J3F iu uraJS liasLiving Room AdornmentPlus Solid ComfortIf you would have a living room suite of character, that willgive you countless hours of relaxation then inspect thesebeautiful pieces. Their design is inspired by the QueenAnne period. Cane back and arms. Upholstered in velouror tapestry.Dining Room Elegance ofthe Renaissance PeriodYour dining room will display an elegance of character inkeeping with better class homes if you place this suite in it.VHas large buffet, wood and glass paneled china cabinet aadserving table. Chairs have cane paneled backs.iHjgfjrwfTJli ---, ,"M - V I -"" is II TilBed Room Chairs of theDainty Louis XVI MotifDaintiness and comfort are the outstanding features of thesearm chairs. Handsomely finished in mahogany, with canepaneled back. Upholstered in velour or tapestry.These chairs, following the dainty Louis XVI, motif, willmake a welcome addition to your bedroom. Mahogany finish, cane paneled backs and velour or tapestry seats.Designed for Those WhoLove the BeautifulTruly a beautiful suite patterned after the Louis XVI designs, with delicate carvings and decorations so characteristic of that period. Has bow end bed and triplicate mirrored.dressing table. Boomy dresser and chifforette. American'walnut or mahogany.A;Satisfied Customer isOur Best AssetOpp. Court MouseA. F. WHEELER &JC0.as'isrChas, Green, ManagerParis, KentuckyiiWHAT'S THE EEAS0N?Many Paris People In Poor HealthWithout Knowing the CauseThere aie scores- of people Ayhodrag out a miserable existence without realizing the cause of their suffering. Day after day they areracked with headache and backache; suffer from nervousness, dizziness, weakness, languor and depression. Perhaps the kidneys havefallen behind in their work of fil-toiMTKT- tnp. niooa aim mj.cj.i- im.jthe root of the trouble. Look toyour kidneys, assist them in theirwork give them the help theyneed. You can use no more highlyrecommended, remedy than Doan'sKidney Pills endorsed by peopleall ovjer the country and by yourneighbors in Paris.Mis. John Mastin, 1439 High St.,Paris, says: "I -have used Doan'bKidney Pills with good results and Iknow from the help they gave methat they would be just as beneficial in other cases of kidney trouble.I had a dead, dull ache across thesmall of my. back and my kidneysacted irregularly. Doan's KidneyPillsrid me of those complaints, andif I should need a " kidney remedyagain I would certainly takeDoan's." r ' fiPrice 40c, at all dealers. Don t,:,i,r ocir' frti o iriHnftv remdy getJoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Ifrastin 'had. PosterMilburnNEW PHYSICAL INSTRUCTORFOR PARIS SCHOOLSMiss Adrienne E. Ennis, of NewHaven. Conn., a sriaduate of theINew Haven School of Physical Education, has been selected as physical instructor in the Paris schools,to succeed Miss Helen Bannister, resigned. Miss Ennis arrived hereSunday, and has taken tip her workin the schools..Yadv)PREPARE WHILE YOU CAN; COLDWEATHER COMING.Our car-load of stoves and heatershave arrived. Buy now. Have themput up while you can.(28-tf) A. F. WHBELEK & UU.:,a.-'i4-f;i,nalClover Hay!COLLIER BROS.Have just unloaded a nice carload of clover hay; also anothercarload of nice white corn. Don't forget they "have bothNEW AND OLD CORN.8 Office Opposite Paris Tobacco Cumberland Phont 9S7I Warehouse Home Phont 2S7MHIiwwtmw.- -..LIFT OFF CORNSWITH FINGERSi Few Drops of "Freezone," TheniCorns Lift Off No Pain!4 ?-niMi'l"M"lll,"al"l,,Hlnl'l,4"MA tiny bottle of "Freezone" costt.so little at any drug store; apply afew drops upon any corn or callus.Instantly it stops hurting", thenshortly you lift that bothersomecorn or callus right oft with yourflnrara Tnilv! NO llUmbUg!Xl0 1 -..UTJ1GEO. W.DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 2S3Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.EXOBXITruck and Cars ForHireServiceable truck and cars for hireat reasonable rates. Taxicab serviceday and nigbTt. ' , -Sv R. HUDNALL.Both Phones. At Ruggles Garage.JOHN WHITE k GO.LOUISVILLE, KY.Liberal MSrtmAtand Ml valn Mfr runorun(noY4-13w)PUfiflKfeSHEHncxj'BfIiA'i.I'iAi,1;'.-'' M 11 H M 1 M f 11W1HH1 I It I H M i 1 1' H M f M9VPW" W JTSiifz,4-K''. j-.'ifr$7t-.k 9-y-a vAs.v. V & iktte':yv,jC.at ?'A.ltti-v rv .-..";VJs,B6t)4erj.DgCl!MBER 2. 1fti 1THE BOUIBOH 1Q5W3, -PA&11 : gEyffJCgY.FACE EIGHT2 &'mli.O,BIRTHS..RELIGIOUS.DEATHS, v .V X1iIX.5Near Paris, to the wife of Robt.Jones, formerly Miss Alice Dickey, ason, their eighth child.At the home of Mr. and Mrs.3VIrs. Edward Kenney, near Paris, tothe wife of Joseph Jones, a son,christened Joseph Edward Jones.To the wife of Amos McKinzie,near Little Rock, a daughter. Tothe wife of Clay Reid, of the samevicinity, a daughter. Near the sameneighborhood, the wife -of tfrankThompson presented him with twindaughters.BE CAREFUL..See us before selling your' if ur, hides, junk, poultry andegg-STERN BROS...Successors to Munich&Wides8th St., opp. Martin Bros.( Cumberland Phone 374.(ldec-6m-T)The jegular monthly meetingof the Womens' Missionary Societyof the Methodist church, will beheld in the church parlors this(Tuesday) afternoon, at 2:30o'clock. At this meeting officers forthe coming year are to be electedand a, lull attendance of the members is urgently requested.BOX - CANDIES. CALIFORNIAFRUITS AND ALL KINDS OFCHRISTMAS GOODIES.Exquisite line of Box Candies,Imported and Domestic Gigars andCigarettes, just the thing for Christmas presents. Delicious Apples Malaga Grapes, Oranges, Grape Fruitand Bulk Candies,(x) FRANK BURTON.MUSIC.A Phonograph furnishes anykind of music. See us for the bestprices. '(It) THE J. T. HINTON CO.aaChristmas SuggestionsHere are gifts, beautiful and lastinggifts which form enduring reminders of loVe and thoughtfulness, repeating their message day by day throughoutthe year.1HFor the Girl YouLoveExquisite novelties whichmake the most attractivegifts you'll find themhere a-plenty.Vanity CasesDorin BoxesMes BagsJoin PocketsToilet ArticlesBar PinsHat PinsDiamondsDinner BangsLaVallieresPearlsBraceletsBest of all GruenWristlet Watch.For a CertainYoung ManPractical gifts to delightthe masculine heart. ' sScarf PinsCuff LinksWaldemar Chains 'SmokingSmokingAccessoriesCigarette CasesGold KnivesCollar BarsMilitary BrushesRingsFountain PensGruen WatchesMatch BoxesMonogram BeltBucklesFor Dadwho always more thanhe receives.Cuff LinksCigarette CasesScarf Pins- Cigar HoldersSmoking Sets 1Cigar CuttersWatch ChainsCollar Buttons ,Signet Rings -Dress SetsShaving SetsFountain Pens sUmbrellasGruen WatchesThese are only a few of themany suitable gifts you'llfind here for Dad.And For Dad'sBeautiful LadyHere are may gift suggestions-at our store are manymore. Beautiful, worthythings, sure to be appreciated.NecklacesDinner RingsDinner RingsDiamondsBroochesJeweled Bar PinsToilet 'ArticlesCandle SticksSilverwareCut GlassFlower HoldersMesh BagsJewel CasesTft Srooks dt Snapp Drug Co.HOWARD.Frederick Wallis Howard, agedfour months, died Saturday afternoon at the home 0 his parents,Mr. and Mrs. John Howard, on theWallis farm, near Escondida. Thefuneral was held Sunday afternoonut 2:30 o'clock, with services conducted at the grave in the ParisCemetery.BOOTS.William L. Boots, aged foui'teen, died early, Saturday morningof uraemic poisoning, at the home ofhis parents, Mr. and Mrs. EdwardC. Boots, on the farm of SamuelClay, on the Cane Ridge pike. Besides his parents, he is Vurvived byone sister, two prothers, a half-sisterand a half-brother. The funeralwas held Sunday afternoon at twoo'clock m the Herrington Chapel, atJackstown, with services conductedby Rev. E. C. Kidwell.v 'The interment took place in the 'Paris Cemetery.SPARKS.Mrs. Bettie Howe Sparks, agedeighty-three, died Friday at herhome on Locust street, in Cynthiana, of pneumonia, after a short illness. She was a native of Harrison county, and a member of one ofthe most prominent families in thatsection. She leaves two . sisters,Mrs. Lucy Parrish, of Dayton, andMrs. Samuel H. Shrout, of Paris.The funeral was held at the familyresidence Saturday morning at teno'clock, with services conducted byRev. Jos. D. Armistead, pastor ofthe Cynthiana Christian church,assisted" by- Rev. J. R. Jones. Theinterment took place on the familylot in the Jacksonville Cemetery.BOONE.A telegram was received hereSaturday morning by W. W. Judy,from Mrs. Judy, telling of the deathof her mother, Mrs. Nannie HoustonBoone, aged seventy-six, which-occurredFriday afternoon, in Arkansas City, Kansas. Mrs. Boone hadbeen ill but a short time, her deathbeing due to the infirmities of age.Mrs. Boone was a daughter of thelate Mr. Frank Houston, one of thepioneer residents of Bourbtfh county,who resided on his farm near NorthMiddletown until his death,- whichoccurred a few years ago. He was aman of unusual intelligence andwell-versed in the history of Bourbon county. Mrs. Boone had beenmaking her home in Arkansas Cityfor several yearsrShe is survived by two daughters.Mrs. Watson W. Judy, of Paris, andMiss Frances Boone, of ArkansasCity, 'and one son, Frank Boone, ofOklahoma, all of whom were at herbedside when, the end came. She isalso survived' by two sisters, Mrs.Jos. M. Rion, of Paris, and Mrs.Albert Craig, of Vevay, Ind. (Thefuneral and brial took place inWichita, Kansas, Sunday afternoon.TWICE DAILY-Watin 2:3i? Evening at 8 TWICE DAILY-Matin Mi, Evening at 8Grand Opera HouseWednesday and Thursday, Dec. 3rd and 4thThe Photoplay with and Amazing Soul !Mayflower -Photoplay Corporation PresentsGEORGE LOANE TUCKERv ,aT av aVvBr a .av av av1 THAN THE ODDUf JUHT (Bi'A V" I 1 W M MHl .aaaUIFiBaBBBBBW Nbb aVlU LV aVfll rVll IiiTr -fLm U LaLaaaaH&m am LmaaaaLWLaaM LaaLaVLaaV IIVi aM VUM 1 aVl fl 4A FEW SUGGESTIONS SUBSTANTIAL. AND SUITABLE GIFTS,Below is a partial ljst of articlesthat would be most acceptable asChristmas gifts. Old Santa has madeheadquarters at. our store this "year.Read over the list: 'Buggy Robes, Foot Variners FlashLights, Wagons for the children.Sleds Toy Autos, Irish Mails, DandyJim Sulkies, Guns, Stoves, -Ranges,Sporting Goods, etc. Aiy of thesearticles would be suitable forChristmas gifts.f (x) FARMERS' SUPPLY CO.SANTA CLAUS GOODS.Doll Furniture, Toys, Bedroom Furniture, Dolls,' DiningRoom Furniture, vaiters,Desks, etc., at reasonable,prices. Everything to pleasethe children. See our window display.E. M. WHEELER & CO.x Robneel Building.oGRAND OPEHA STAR AMONG US.Madams Helen Stanley at Lexington. Opera House, Wednesday Night"She possesses one of the loveliestvoices on the concert stage."-NewYork Tribune."Tliere is no more limpid voice inAmerica than Madam Stanley."New lork Evening Sun. ,"One of the pleasures in 'listeningis her beaut' ful English dierion."New York Evening Post.''Helena Stanley surprised .withU finest Micaela (in Carmen) everheard on any concert stage." Minneapolis Journal. vMadame Stanley will be assistedby Mr. Elmer Zoller, pianist. Thisis the second concert of the ArtistSeries, promoted by the LexingtonCollege of Music, and tickets are on.adc no- at Ben Ali Theatre. (It)LARGEST STOCK IN PARIS SENSIBLE AND SUBSTANTIALCHRISTMAS GIFTS .Don't buy trash for presents. Letus sell you a Stove, Range, 'Buggy,Harness, Shot Gun, Rifle, FlashLight, Buggy Robe or somethingthat can be used. Our stock issomething enormous and by .buyingin car-load lots are able to sell yougood goods at a lower price than thefellow who buys in small quantities,(x) FARMERS' SUPPLY CO.HIPRODUCTIONThe MiracleManjxn. theORjGE M COHAN . Rued .the ozy By FRANK L,RACKA!UA ROMANCE of underworld rogues whosought "easy pickings" and found them.But when the arch crook and the girlwith the painted face also found a wondrousthing they had never known before Doyou know what-love is?" - IIiL. &..- JPSv: I'm. .v Ste mS'JSSSfM&.V J "tMff:'V,l4S4 irsfiP?-m?l mmr 4 &";' - mMWSM&kA niWKQIflW Adult 4Sc plus 5c War Tax.iUlVlliJOlUll Children and Gallery 22c plus"THE MIRACLE MAN" VIVIDAND SEARCHING DRAMA- jPOOD SUPPLIES RECEIVED."Surplus army supplies crderedthrough Postmaster from Chi en gohave arrived and are, Teady for distribution. Please call promptly andreceive them.., t ."'J. WALTER PAYNE. P.,M.Notabie-Screen Offering Peculiar inMoral and Appeal.(By Enoch Grehan)"The Miracle Man," with ThomasMeighan Nand Betty Compson in theleading roles, will catch .the fancyof photo connoisseurs as few screenproductions have been able to dosince the "Crisis," "Birth of a -Nation"and similar masterpieces challenged popular attention.Unlijte the photoplays here mentioned', ' "The Miracle Man" dependsrather upon finished delineation inthe silent drama than upoh spectacular effect, and in that peculiarsense, thereforelis a -superior workof art. But in still other, senses 'ftis a more impressive .screen narrative than its more widely, knownpredecessors, -"it tells a remarkablestory with transcendant emphasesand serves to disclose in , ThomasMeighan and Betty Compson virtuesin the field of ingenuous and naturaldelineation that other vehicles entrusted to their keeping aid nothitherto" brought to, light.The perfervid imagination of apublic pitched to high, key of1 expeclation by the industrious- activity ofan ingenious press agent sometimeslecoils with" disappointment at notfinding a great "moral" or a great50c3c War Tax 25c"lesson" in photoplays like "TheMiracle Man" and its .krnd, butfrankly spea'king, in thismorthanremarkable screen offering there-arcboth a moral and a-leson.On6 would-be a generous critic indeed if he found in it sufficient basisfor the assertion that it is either agreat work of art or an unusualstory, but there is in it that whichsomehow goes with the spectator trhis home, thence to his pillowy andhe may not .be unduly surprised if iteven intrude upon his sleeping hourwith its' searching memory of nobleconflict between righteousness andsin; between love and lust and thefinal triumph of faith Jike unto thefaith of those who are said to havesome to scoff but remained to praise.GRAND OPERA HO USBTuesday. December 9ihmM&MiVfmiHftiiJ-:jl.J.&TPtNA.VE -ACT "-EECr?iM&AMERICAS MOST BEAUTIFUL-TUNEFUL-ENJOyABLE-pOttlCOPERA - ,&??& CMJ f OPERATIC STARSA STAOrE FULL AVORTHFOL SINGERSAN OPCHE5TRA f Y MPHON5 PLAVEB3A SCENIC PRODUCTION UNEXCELLEDl??Hflls-&VCvPrices $1.00, $1.50, $2.00 Plus War Tax.ffji,?? jV'! e Tlwrsday at 2 p.41. . x v - -v . . --v -- "riSef.MKXltrAiji-'irf'st, i. s..,.r ,H-" ?r,v r-vv-v