ttyiXvVT"Uf "ir.1T-PUBLISHED EYERY TUESDAY AND FRIAYTIN THE YEAR.V fVOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, AUGUST 8. 1919THENEWSBOURBON: rTV.TirntvGOYERBOR APPOINTS COMMIS-CION TO INVESTIGATEH. C OF L.In accordance with, his announcement made a few days ago to appointa commission composed of wellinown Kentucky men and women toinvestigate the high cost of living,Gov. Black has issued a proclamationdesignating the following as membersof the commission:Fred M. Sackett, Hon. W. 0. Headand M. B. Kendrick, of Louisville;B. M. Hiett, of Midway; R. G. Wells,pineville; W. C. Montgomery, Elizabethtown; Judge V. F. Hall, Harlan;Mrs, Cora Wilson Stewart, Frankfort; Mrs. Charles P. Weaver, Louisville; Capt. J. Frank Hawn, Barbourville; Abram Mercer, Merwick, andW. G. Duncan, Greenville.The Commission is to go to workat once to investigate the high costof the necessities of life in Kentucky,and to make recommendations as towhat action, if any, is possible, can"be taken to bring about lowerprices for food, clothing and shoes.Prosecution in the courts, under theKentucky anti-trust law, one of themost drastic laws in force in anyState in the Union, is one of the possibilities, in. case profiteering on thepart of business interests can be established. The Governor's proclamation follows:"Commonwealth of Kentucky"A Proclamation"To the People of Kentucky, Greetings: "The high cost of living is the really big problem of to-day, and it liesvery close to the unrest of the hour.The situation is indeed serious."There is no good reason, as I believe, to justify the enormous pricesthe people are being forced to payfor the necessities of life, such asclbthing and foodstuffs.- "I have the impression that thereexists combines whose purpose hasbeen, and is, to monopolize the distribution of the essentialswhich enterinto the needs of the people, and I"know the people ought to bs liberated from all such injustice."If there is the unjust profiteer, hismanipulations should be thwarted sot&at the common people may be savedIrom his wrongs."In order that the source and cause-of the evil may be located and propermeans worked out to remove suchovil I have thought it proper to appoint a commission to make thoroughinvestigation into, the situation, andVto suggest such remedies as such investigation may demand and justify.And I request that all Commonwealthand County Attorneys of the Stateassist the Commission in the performance of the work at hand."THEREFORE, I, JAMES D.BLACK, Governor of Kentucky, here-"by appoint the following named Kentuckians to constitute a Commissionto investigate the subject of the highcost of living, and to locate and define the cause thereof, and to ascertain whether or not there exist anycombines or monopolies controlling orseeking to control the distribution ofthe necessaries of life,' and to ascertain and report what they may conclude to be proper remedy for the situation, and for the best interest orthe people of Kentucky, to-wit:"F. M. Sackett, Hon. W. O. Headand M. B. Hendrick, of Louisville.Ky.; B. M. Hieatt, Midway, Ky.; R.G. Wells, Pikeville, Ky.; W. C.Montgomery, Elizabethtown, Ky.;Judge W. F. Hall, Harlan, Ky,; Mrs.Cora Wilson Stewart, Frankfort,Ky.; Mrs. Charles P. Weaver, Louisville. Ky.; Captain J. Frank Hawn,Barbourville, Ky.; Ab Mercer, Martwick, Ky., and W. G. Duncan, Greenville, Ky.; having, as I do, full faithin their intelligence, patriotism,abilitv and desire to act with fidelity to the best interests of the wholepeople of Kentucky. And I requestthat said named persons meet at suchearly time as may be practicable forthe purpose aforesaid, and, in orderthat the first meeting may be called,I hereby designate Hon. W. O. Head,chairman, to call such meeting."Done at Frankfort, this the fifthday of August, in the year of OurLord, One Thousand, Nine Hundredand Nineteen, and in the One Hundred and Twenty-seventh year of theCommonwealth."By the Governor,"JAMES D. BLACK."PINE TOBACCO CROP NOW BEINGHOUSED..One of the finest crops of tobaccogrown in the county is that of fifteenacres grown on the Turney farmnear Paris, by Mr. Lew Taylor, ofParis. Mr. Taylor has two finecrops under cultivation, but the fifteen-acretract is the most promising,having matured first. The crop isnow being cut and housed.A sample stalk of the crop grownby Mr. Taylor is displayed in the-show window of Stuart & O'Brien.This stalk, taken at random from thecrop, measured 6 feet from root totip, and is about an average of theentire crop. The exhibit attracts-considerable attention from those interested in the tobacco business.ANDAt the meeting of the. BourbonFiscal Court yesterday the report ofthe Garth Fund Commissioners, E. M.Dickson, John T. Collins and C. M.Thomas, and that of the HamiltonFund Commissioners, giving a list ofthe appropriations for the old andnew beneficiaries of each, were submitted and approved by the Court.The reports were brief, business-likedocuments, showing in a thoroughway the work of the Commissionersand the progress made by the beneficiaries. Below is given a list of theamounts allotted to the old and ,newbeneficiaries of both Funds:OLD BENEFICIARIESFUND.OF GARTHJohn Brown $ 20.00Herbert Banta 50.00Luke Connelly 40.00Wm. Forsythe 75.00James Faulconer 75.00Edgar Estes 125.00Collins Hall 75.00Stanley Humphries 40.00Basil Hayden 100.00Ussery Taul 50.00 IJohn Welsh 60.00Lauthman Woods 100.00Raymond Wilson 40.00NEW BENEFICIARIESGeorge Browner $ 25.00Purnell Mastin 25.00Thornton Ogle 25.00Leslie Smith 25.00Joseph Cain 25.00Frances Minogue 25.00Lawrence A. Soper 125.00Elgin Story 25.00Forest Stone 50.00OLD BENEFICIARIES HAMILTONFUND.Edna Snapp $150.00Sudie Montgomery 100.00Mattie McClure 100.00Sallie M. Bonta 100.00Geraldine Harris 75.00Zuma Stone, 50.00Ann Hatfield 50.00Favola Dundon 40.00Mary Connelly 35.00Ruby Hall 35.00Eula Gilbert 35.00Julia Walsh 35.00Lucinda Patton 35.00Kirby Woods 35.00Margaret Hill 35.00Margaret Shea 35.00Mary Tyree :. 35.00Ann Brophy 35.00WEW BENEFICIARIESElizabeth Bell $100.00Vernia Turpin 50.00Elizabeth Boston ? r-7 '40.00Rosie Jordan 35.00Ann'David 35.00Constance Hill 30.00Elizabeth Deaver '. 30.00I Addie Fightmaster 30.00Marie Colliver 30.00oPIG SALE OP DUROC-JERESYHOGS. -Forty head of fine Duroc-Jerseyhogs were sold by W. S. Meng at his"Ridgeway" farm, near North Middletown, yesterday, for an average of$407.56, or a total of $16,302.40.The top price paid was $1,025, forthe pick of the herd. A large number sold from $400 to $700. An elegant dinner was served at noon bythe "Mothers' Club" of North Middletown, which was pronounced asbig a success as was the sale. Alarge crowd was in attendance.CONTRACTS SIGNED.Contracts for the city with R. W.Burks & Co., of Louisville, the firmwhich will build the new streets inParis, amounting to $43,000, weresigned Wednesday, with bond furnished by a bonding company ofChicago. The work on the streetshas already been started. The material to be used in the work is concrete. THE ICE SITUATION.There has been but little changein the ice shortage in this city, andour citizens are still experiencingconsiderable difficulty in getting asufficient supply of the cooling article. Many have gone to Frankfortand to Carlisle, where they were enabled to get a large quantity of icefrom the ice plants and handlers.Mayor E. B. January received atelegram yesterday from Covingtonto the effect that a carload of ice wasbeing shipped from that point tothis place for the Paris Ice Co., andthat it would reach Paris early inthe morning. This will be distributed from the car to the Ice Co.'s wagons, from where it will be suppliedto consumers, at least temporarily.In the meantime the work of selling stock in the new plant proposedto be built with home capital goessteadily on, and the determinationseems to be to have that new factoryregardless of what may turn up inany " other direction. Telephonecalls from citizens of the countyhave come in repeatedly to the pro -motors, asking that blocks of thestock be reserved for them, and dis -playing the liveliest interest in thesuccess of the venture. As competi-tion is the life of trade so is compe-tition in the ice business in Paris.REPOET ' OP THE OAETHHAMILTON PUNDS.LOUISVILLE & NASHVILLE SHOPMEN ON STRIKE.As a result of orders received fromthe Federated Railroad Shopmenheadquarters, fifteen machinists andshopmen employed in the. local shopsof the Louisville & Nashville railfoad, and in the roundhouse at thispoint, quit work Tuesday morning.The situation is unchanged, with themen still out and evincing no disposition to return. The strike, is general and is spreading all over thecountry.The purpose of the strike is to enforce demands made 'last Januarythat the wages of shopmen be increased twenty-five per cent., whichup to this time, had not been done.Practically all the shopmen in thelocal shops are affiliated with theCovington branch of the RailroadShopmen's Federation, from whereorders, it is said, came for the strike.So far the car repairers and otherbranches of the service have not goneon strike here. As a matter of precaution, extra watchmen have beenplaced on guard in the South Parisyards. An embargo on livestock andperishable goods shipments has beenput into effect locally, the order being received Wednesday night. Thelocal officials do not anticipate anydisorder as a result of the strike.THE SHROPSHIRE REUNIONThe fourth annual reunion of thedescendants of Jas. Harvey Shrop-. shire and Marie Louise Harcourt washeld on Sunday, August 3, at "Valley Forge," the ancestral home,which is now the home of Mrs. W. 0.Shropshire, in Bourbon county, nearLeesburg. This reunion has becomea fixed event in the lives of thesedescendants and is held each year onthe first Sunday in August.Quite a number attended themorning services at the LeesburgChristian church," in which the elderShropshire had b'een an active member and officer during a large portionof his life. Then they all met at theold home place, where a dinner wasspread upon a table greeted on thelawn. This dinner was prepared bya committee of ladies of the connection and was typical of the countrydinners of the olden days, consistingof country ham, fried chicken andother delicacies.Mrs. John L. Waits and Isaac C.Shropshire, both of Harrison county,gave some historical data concerning!the early members of the Shropshirefamily, as well as of some of theother branches of the family.The officers elected for the ensuingyear were James H. Shropshire, ofHarrison county, president; MissDazey Moore Porter, of Fayettecounty, secretary; Walter HendersonShropshire, of Bourbon county, treasurer; Mrs. John L. Watts and IsaacC. Shropshire, of Harrison county,historians.A FREE DEMONSTRATION.A representative of the StandardOil Company, who is an expert inthe lubrication of automobiles, willgive a free demonstration at ourgarage on August 14, 15 and 16,You are cordially invited to call andhave the expert show you how yourcar is lubricated. The crank caseand oiling system of your car willbe thoroughly washed and filledwith the correct grade of GARGOYLE MOBIOIL a grade for eachtype of motor. We charge you onlyfor the new oil the service is fiee.We want you to experience thebenefits of correct lubrication. Itwill save you each season many dollars in gasoline, reduce your repairbills to a minimum and add to thepleasure of motoring.Yours truly,(8-2t) C. S. BALL GARAGE.o-PINED AND PARDONEDO. P. Carter, colored janitor atthe Paris Grand Opera House wasgiven a hearing in the Police Courtbefore Police Judge Ernest Martin ona charge of throwing a bucket ofdirty water on a passing pedestrianCaiter admitted the tiuth of thecharge and was given five days injail at hard labor. He was releasedlater in the day on the strength ofa pardon granted by the pardoningboard of the City Council, the document being signed' by CouncilmenChristman and Arkle.oAT THE PARIS GRAND AND THEALAMO THEATRE.To-day, Friday, August 8 EnidBennett, in "The Law Of Man;"Ruth Roland, in "The Tiger's Trail."To-morrow, Saturday, August 9L.ila Lee, in "The Rose of the River;"Christie Comedy, "Oh, Baby;" GeorgeiLarkin, in "The Terror of TheI Range;" Children free to-night, oneJ cent war tax.1 Monday, August 11 Louis Huffand Jack Pickford, in "What MoneyCan't Buy;" Paramount-SennettComedy, "The Foolish Age;" BurtonHolmes Travelogue. ."MOTORCYCLE COP" TO WATCHSPEED DEMONS.iDetermined to break up the practice1 of making speedways of thestreets of Paris by automobilists, thePolice Committee of the Paris CityCouncil has engaged Mr. Fields, ofLexington, as a special motorcyclepoliceman to patrol the. streets ofParis, and arrest all violators of theautomobile ordinances.J Mr. Fields is an expert cyclist andI as a machine equipped with a specially designed speedometer. He hasrjerviously acted as motorcycle policeman for Fayette county, where hiswork was very successful in reducing the number of "speed-burners"on the" Lexington and Paris pike,v Especial attention is called to thefact that the new official has beeninstructed to assist the local police inreporting all violations of the autoijibbile laws, cush as leaving enginesrunning while owner of machine isabsent; parking on wrong side ofstreet, backing around corners whileturning, unnecessary use of cutouts: 'etc.T,Two Bourbon county men were arrested by Winchester police thisweek on charges of violating thetraffic ordinances. They were ScobeeHardman, of Austerlitz, and ClaySutherland, of Paris. A fine of $5and costs was assessed againt each.Seven violators of the speed laws,who were caught by the official Sunday night, were presented in PoliceCourt yesterday, and fined $7.50Warrants had been issued for the arrest of L. W. Taylor, Harry Jones, B.Houston, John Hash, Mark Hendrickand a man fiom Cropper, in Shelbybounty. The warrant for the latterwas sent to Shelbyville for service.One man got away from the officer,although the latter's motorcycle isspeeded up to forty miles an hour.The charges against L. W. Taylorwas suspended.OLD GARRET DAVIS HOME SOLD1 TO MR. McCLURE.jrThe James E. Ford home with itstwenty-two acres of land lying onWinchester and Vine street, has beenpurchased from the Ford heirs by Mr.James McClure at a price not givenour for publication. The propertywas purchased by Mr. McClure forhis sonT Lieut Jas. W. McClure, nowstationed in the U. S. Army servicein the Hawaain Islands.ihe, house a two-story brick, is ofwstorfcal interest; as having beenthe iiome for many years of Hon.Garrett Davis, of Paris, who served inthe United States Senate from 1861to 1873.We Know UcywSATISFACTION IN CLOTHESCan, Only Be Had When You Buy Your ClothingFrom a Dependable Store.Kwln HEnin i HasllHlfln UIHiHiiH AHum ullll ItiitllinlniSIHtHGrBTvRSHEnlHI MlHiiflBtHili I III IIISMilUKHiHMvHHHlilll yBlll'PirMil 1 1 W --iHiyiI JH : .AH MIJilHSV - JlilHiKlliwmmimi ( jwuiuiMrJmii v; ''il '"' WfwMITCHELL & BLAKEMOREStetson HatsCINCINNATI CAPITALISTS MATTEOPPER POR LOCAL PLANT.Mr. G. T. Solar, of Cincinnati, president of- the National Hay & GrainCo., of that city, was in Paris, Wednesday, as a guest of Mr. Phil Nippert, manager of the Paris Ice Manufacturing Co.'s plant. It afterwarddeveloped that Solar's visit was onethat has a business string connectedto it, and not entirely of a socialnature.Mr. Solar, who is representing anumber of Cincinnati capitalists, washere inspecting the local ice plant,with a view to recommending itspurchase to his associates, if it couldbe shown up as a profitable investment for their capital. Mr. Solarstated that the deal for the purchasehas been practically closed, but thata number of details remain to be determined upon yet. If the deal isfinally completed it is the plan of thepromotors to increase the capitalstock of the Company from $50,000to $125,000, double the capacity ofthe plant, put in new machinerythroughout, and erect a new storagewerehouse with a capacity of 2,000tons of ice. The new improvementscontemplated would be begun aboutOctober i, and would be completedabout February, 1920, thus givingample time to manufacture and fiirthe cold storage house before thereal ice season of the spring andsummer of 1920 should begin. Mr.Solar was very much pleased with hisvisit to Paris, which he pronouncedone of the best towns he had comeacross in Kentucky.ILLITERACY CAMPAIGN CLOSED.The illiteracy campaign in Bourbon county has been brought to asuccessful close, under the manage-jment of Mrs. Frank P. Lowry,chairman of a corps of faithful and"efficient assistants. As In all other"drives" the county exceeded its apportionment. The North Middletownprecinct led in the work, contributing $100 in one day before the"drive" began. The amount allottedto Bourbon county was $500. WithShawhan and Millersburg yet to report, the amount raised totals$535.28. ' ' ' - -o .OVERCOME BY HEATMrs. JtusseL Faulkner,r;gfc) Paris,was overcome by. the heaf Tuesday! while shopping at Frank jJSsO;'ana iainiea. jx pnysicmn a.s unneu,who administered restoratives, andhad Mrs.Faulkner taken to her home.She was reported yesterday as having fully recovered.Goprritht;i917;,trmC.Nettleton ShoesDr. Reed's Cushion Sole Shoes!COMMISSIONERS CANVASS THEkOPFICIAL VOTE OP BOURBON"At a meeting of the BourbonCounty Election Commissioners, heldin the office of County Clerk PearcePaton, Tuesday morning, the returns from the August primary le5ition, held last Saturday, were cam?vassed and officially certified" to thSecretary of State, at Frankfort, aacorrect.In the recount Judge John D. Car- -'roll made a gain of three votes in thegubernatorial race, making .a majority of eleven in the county voteover his opponent, Gov. James D.Black. The official tabulation showed practically no change from thefigures given out Sunday morningr.The official count follows:Governor James D. Black 624;John D. Carroll 635; P. J. Noel 4.Lieutenant Governor R. O. Old-ham 277; W. H. Shanks 837.Secretary of State Mat S. Gohea80S;. Frank B. Hager 151; D. B.Mclneary 66."Auditor John TV. Rawlings 131;?A. C. Vance 49; H. M. Bosworth 824;'J. P. Browse 38.Attorney General R. C. Musick, "466; Allen W. Baker 122; Frank E.Daugherty 217; K. W. Lisanby 153Clerk Court of Appeals John a!Goodman 400; W B. O'Connell 328;Alvin Steager 217.Superintendent of Public Instruction R. S. Eubank 595; L. E". Foster 144; W. P. King 169.Commissioner of AgricultureJames C. Cecil 295; John W. Newman 696.REPUBLICAN TICKET.Attorney General Chas. I. Dawson 170; George W. Jolly 61.Railroad Commissioner "B.t C.Kash 193; John B. Eversole 57.THe vote for Councilman in theFirst Ward resulted as follows: NFOrd Brent 148; James Mbreland164"; John J. Williams 136; ThomasJ. Kiser 114.There being no opposition In the .Second and Third Waris antTin therace of Mr. James H. Thompson forRepresentative, their vote was notgiven in the count.. o -PAY GAS AND ELECTRIC BILLSTO-DAY, AND SAVETHEDISCOUNT. 'Your gas and electric bills aredue to-day, Pay them at once andsave discount, as the discount willpositively not be allowed after the10th of the month. Bring-your carolwith you. "PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.(It) (Incorporated)The suits we sell are tailored,and made by the- best tailors.Style,WorkmanshipandQualityare to be found in Stein-Blochand Michael Sterns Clothes,whether for the young man orUie middle aged man.We can show you a vast as--sortmentof colors and styles,and if you want service and satisfaction let your clothing comefrom our store.Summer Coatsand Trousersin Wool Crashes, Mohairs, PalmBeach and Kool Kloth$18 to $404 IManhattan Shirts-Ular . V- 44trrWLGETWOIE BOURBON NEWSKitablished 1$81 37 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FndayPer Year.. $2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Adavance.BWHT CEAMP. Editor and Owner.ptolered at the Paris, Kentucky.Postoffice as Mail Matter ol theSecond Glass.)Any erroneous reflection upon thefrtfarkcter, standing or reputation oiajfy -person, firm or corporation whichriippear In the columns of THE1BOURBON NEWS will be gladly corrected if brought to attention of theditor.OUR FOREIGN REPRESENTATIVES. New York American Press' Association. C&icago lord & Thomas..Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atlanta Massengale Adv. Agency.'.Cincinnati Blaine-Thompson Co.Louisville Stark-Lowman Co.ADVERTISING RATES2iaplay Advertisements, $1.00 perfinch for first time; 6u cents per inchach subsequent insertion.Reading Nouses, 10 cents per lineoach issue; reading notices in blackfcrpe, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher Is reservedto-decline any advertisement or otherBlatter for publication.Announcements for political officesUBt invariably be accompanied bythe cash.f DEMOCRATIC TICKET.For Governor:; James D. Black.i For Lieutenant Governor :j W. H. Shanks.' ; For Secretary of State:. Mat S. Cohen.For Auditor of Public Accounts:i Henry M. Bosworth.For Attorney General:. Frank E. Daugherty.For Cleric of the Court of Appeals:John- Ai .Goodman.Fot. Superintendent of Public Instruction; (to doubt.)For Commissioner of Agriculture:John W,"Ne,wman;7" For-Representative :James H. Thompson.FOR COUNCILMENFirst Ward:J. H. Moreland, N. F, Brent, JohnJvWliams..Second Ward':Edward 'Burke.Hugh Brent.Catesby Spears.Third Ward:GeGTge Doyle.EDITORIAL MUSINGS.As To Losing Time."The wTiser we are the more wehate to lose time," says Dante, although in more solemn and statelyphrases. And Matthew Arnold remarks somewhere, in substance, thatwe all maltreat time shockingly;some of us waste all of it, many ofus waste most of it, all of us wastesome of it."Well, of course those sages areright. When we stop to think of theprecious, golden things that can bedone' with, minutes, it is pitiable tosee how we all throw it away, scatterthem about and behind us with careless indifference, as if they were futile grains of sand, given us only tohe got rid of as soon and as easily aspossible. Yes, there are some who really seem to waste all their time, andthey waste it without being aware ofit until it is too late, and many arenot aware of it even then; for thepossibilities of an hour, for good orfor evil, are inexhaustible."Yet there are also people who areso desperately anxious to waste notime at all that they almost reconcileus to the squanderers. Those unfortunates are as avaricious with minutes as others are with pennies. Theyseem to live with the clock, even intheir sleep, and to be dissatisfied unless every motion of its hands registers some accomplishment. Theywant to improve every hour and tomake every hour improving, untiltheir mere presence suggests somedisagreeable duty or some burdenwithout profit.The truth is that it is well to knowhow to waste time, to forget theclock altogether, to relax completely,to live idly, to enjoy pleasant thingsjust because they are pleasant, without a thought of profit. The birdssing for the pure joy of singing, andthe butterflies fbld their wings andbalance deliciously on a flower in thesunshine.The wise know that a judiciousamount of wasting is, in the end, notwasting at all; for those who havelearned to relax and to forget at theright moment, to lay aside care andthought and time completely, whenthey do labor do it with a fresh andmighty power that the weary slavesof time service never know.To lose time profitably is an exquisite art.t VLabor's Sunday.It is the opinion of a highly respected contemporary that laborin;men and women as a class are not infavor of laws requiring that Sundaybe so relaxed as to permit sports andgames. We doubt this statement.Laboring men and women haveneither the leisure nor the means todevote to week-day pleasures. Thehand of necessity is on their shoulders. But for one day in seven, ifthey are not too deadly tired fromthe excess of the weeks' work, theymay go out and see or participate inpopular sports and games. And webelieve they demand this privilege.Any other day for them is impossible. Hence they demand the rightto get out where they can move andbreathe and laugh and rejoice, evenas do people of leisure.Our contemporary asserts that laboring people desire chiefly quiet.Quiet is not the best word. Whatlaboring people chiefly desire is rest,and they don't desire to go into hot,stuffy rooms in order to chase itdown to capture it.The laborer with the clean heartdemands for himself the right towalk, to swim, to snuff the breezeof the river, to go to the ball game,to visit the parks or the pictureshows, to enjoy the summer theatreor the family picnic.Certainly laboring people are onthe side of a well-observed Sabbath,but that fact doesn't necessarilymean that they prefer to sit down toread "The Lives of the Saints" or"Foxe's Book of Martyrs." Theyknow that they can observe the Sabbath splendidly and religiously byfilling their lungs with fresh air andtheir souls with the joy of out ofdoors. They know that by so doingthey will find rest for both mind andbody.Mail Your Letters EarlyThere is a hint from an efilciencyengineer who made a survey of theforwarding of mail that we all canadopt and put into practice. It isthat of posting our letters as soonafter they are written as it is possible. His investigations showedthat, in business 'houses especially,mail was allowed to accumulate andwait upon the convenience of a messenger or was sent to the postofficeby a volunteer during the luncheonhour or at the end of the businessday.As a result there was created inevery postoffice several peakload periods during which all members ofthe staff were rushed to overcomethe glut and restore the normal.One- of the consequences found inevery large city was that letterswhich normally should have goneforward on an evening train wereheld over until later in the night oruntil the next morning because theywere not deposited until just beforethe dinner hour.If care is taken to get the lettersinto the mail boxes at once after being sealed the postoffice force willwork with greater precision and dispatch and the expense to the publicwill be cheaper because fewer handswill be needed. The direct reward ofthis practice is better service to thepatron of the postoffice. So simpleis the plan recommended and so inexpensive that it should receive universal approval and be put into general practice.oMT. STERLING UNDER HEEL OFTHE "ICE OPPRESSER."(Mt. Sterling Sentinel-Democrat)We are informed the KentuckyUtilities Company has again boostedthe price of ice. For some monthspast the price has been steadily increased until it has now reached theplace where our Mayor and CityCouncil should no longer ignore it.In two years the price has increasedalmost one hundred per cent. We arenot familiar with the terms of thefranchise under which it operates,but surely there is a limit it cancharge and the public should begiven some protection. If relief cannot be had in any other way, we favor the plan now being pursued atParis, where the citizens are organizing a local company and preparingto build an ice plant of their own."oIt was just like this carelesscountry to be caught with a rainysummer and without ducks.THE BOUEBON HEWS. PAHIS. KEHOTCKYBIG CONSOHDATIOH OF MOVIESPROMOTERS.Manager Clarence Sprake, of theParis Grand and the Alamo Theatre,was notified yesterday that Lee Shubert and Al. H. Woods, the two largest theatrical producers in the world,have entered the movie field.Shubert and Woods are now members of the Goldwyn Board of Directors. Goldwyn thus obtains . themovie rights to the greatest successes produced on the stage by theShubert, Woods and Selwyn companies. It also has exclusive contractsfor the books of Rex Beach, GertrudeAtherton, Rupert Hughes, MaryRoberts Rinehart, Gouvenor MorrisBasil King and Leroy Scott.Goldwyn's capitalization will beincreased from $3,000,000 to $20,000,000. The concern has purchased the former Triangle studio atCulver City, Cal., the largest in theworld, for $1,000,000, and is toerect a second studio near NewYork. A mammoth national newspaper, magazine and bill-board advertising campaign is projected.New officers of Goldwyn areSamuel Goldwyn, President; F. J.Godsol, Chairman Executive Committee; Vice-Presidents, F. J. Godsol,Moritz Hilder, Lee Shubert, EdgarSelwyn, Abraham Lehr; Treasurer,P. W. Heberman; Secretary, Gabriel L. Hess; Directors, Samuel Goldwyn, F. J. Godsol, Maritz Hilder, LeeShubert, A. H. Woods, Edgar Selwyn,Henry Ittleson, Jacob Hilder, Harmon August, P. W. Haberman andGabriel Hess.The Shubert interests control morethan half the leading theatres in theUnited States, while Al Woods hasgrouped around him the greaterpart of the producing playwrightsand also owns the exclusive rights tothe most important modern Englishand French productions.Goldwyn has under contract thefollowing stars: Geraldine Farrar,Pauline Frederick, Mable Normand,Madge Kenned, Tom Moore and WillRogers.-oHELP THE KIDNEYSParis Readers Are LearningWay.TheIt's the little kidney illThe lame, weak or aching backThe unnoticed urinary disordersThat may lead to dropsy andBright's disease.When the kidneys are weak, helpthem with Doan's Kidney PillsA remedy especially for weak kidneys. Doan's have been used in kidneytroubles for 50 years.Endorsed by 50,000 people endorsed at home.Proofs in a Paris citizen's statement. Mrs. Charles McCord, South Pleasant street, says: "I have used Doan'sKidney Pills at different times, getting them from Oberdorfer's DrugStore and I have found them a splendid medicine. Whenever my kidneyshave acted irregularly or my backhas been weak and lame, I havefound a box or so of Doan's KidneyPills sufficient to cure me of the attack." Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney lemedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. McCord had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)oFIVE DAYS TO DELIVER LETTERTWO CITY BLOCKS."Return in five days" means absolutely nothing in the lives of somepeople.It took 938 days for one letter tomake a trip of two city blocks and561 for another. The day after warwas declared on Germany, April 7,1917, Colonel J. J. Sullivan, thenPresident of the Superior Savingsand Trust Company, of Cleveland, O.,wrote a letter to John Krisbainson, 1405 West Ninth street,Cleveland. On January 9, 1918, hewrote another to the same address.Several days ago both letters werereturned unopened and bearing notations on the envelope: "Not atand Returned to writer."This had happened since the letters were mailed. Postage rate increased arid Colonel Sullivan's titlechanged from president of the bankto chairman of the board.oTHE BEST PHYSIC.When you want a pleasant physictry Chamberlain's Tablets. They areeasy to take and mild and gentle ineffect. They are highly prized bypeople who have become acquaintedwith their good qualities. They onlycost a quarter.(adv-aug)oThe fellow who has made his plieis sosure he can't be swindled thatit makes him angry when somesmooth chaps get away with severalthousands of his money.KILLS RATS!and mice that's RAT-SNAP, the oldreliable rodent destroyer. Comes incakes no mixing with other food.Your money back if it fails.25c size (1 cake) enough forPantry, Kitchen or Cellar.50c. size (2 cakes) for ChickenHouse, coops, or small buildings.$1.00 size (5 cakes) enough forall farm and out-buildings, storagebuildings, or factory buildings.Sold and Guaranteed by FarmersSupply Co. (8-4tF)ELKS TO MEET IN LOUISVILLE,AUGUST 13-14.The 11th annual State reunion ofElks will be held in Louisville, Tuesday and Wednesday, August 13 and14. Louisville Lodge will be the hostand elaborate entertainment is beingplanned by F. W. Shoppenhorst andhis committe. A class of 300 will beinitiated in the home of the Louisville Lodge, Monday night, Aug. 11.Covington, Newport, Frankfort,Paducah, Owensboro, Richmond,Hopkinsville, and Middlesboro willsend degree teams to compete for thebanner that will be given to the teamdoing the best work.Improvements at the Elks' Homeare fast nearing completion andeverything will be in readiness forthe big stag dinner to be served forthe opening night. The second Elksboat dance will be given Wednesdaynight, July 9. The Steamer Pilgrimwill leave the wharf at Third streetat 8:15 o'clock. The tickets are 50cents and the proceeds of the salewill go to the Elks' Christian CharityFund.o"RAT-SNAP BEATS THE BEST RATTRAP EVER MADE," MRS.EMILY SHAW SAYS."My husband bought a $2 trap. Ibought a 50c box of RAT-SNAP.The trap only caught 3 rats, butRAT-SNAP killed 12 in a week. I'mnever without RAT-SNAP. Reckon Icouldn't raise chicks without it."RAT-SNAP comes in cakes. Threesizes, 25c, 50c, $1.00.Sold and guaranteed by The Farmers Supply Co. (adv aug)oUncle Eben."You kin make good resolutionswhenever you feels like," said UncleEben. " 'Tain' no use o' savin 'em allup foh New Year celebrations."Probably the worst thing about asingle bed is that when a womanthrows herself crossways of it to havea cry too much of her hangs over theside.LostBetween Thos. Longo's fruit standand the residence of Mr. John P.Cain, on Higgins avenue, a smallblack leather pocketbook containingone pair of Amethyst rosaries.Finder will return to this office andreceive reward. (1-tf)Fords For SaleTwo Fords, 1918 Touring Cars, inperfect condition.Also, one 1918 Coupe and two 1918Roadsters.Trucks and cars for hire. SeeS. R. HUDNALL,V At Ruggles Motor Co.,(It) Both Phones.PUBLIC SALEOFChurch Building !On Saturday, Aug. 16,at 10 a. m., we will sell to the highest bidder, on the premises, in NorthMiddletown, the old ChristianChurch building, to be removed fromthe grounds within thirty days.The building is 44x62, and has onit much high-class lumber; framingis yellow popular; floors white pine,and is studded with 4x6 stuff.At the same time will sell a lot ofpews, chandeliers and base burnerstoves. The pews are made of whitepine, 18 inches wide, without flaw.Will sell also one 8-horse International Gas Engine in good repair.Sale at 10 o'clock sharp, rain orshine.H. S. CAYWOOD,(5-4) Committee.Sale Prices!Bungalow ApronsThe $1.98 kind at $1,4.TWash WaistsThd $1.75 kind at $ 1 .22CorsetsValues up to $5.00.go at. . . .. $ 1 .23Ladies' and Children'sHatsThree assortments$2.89 $1.49 $1.98Watch Our WindowsTWIN BROS.Department Store7th and Main Paris, Kyfv,The next tiriie.you buy calomelask forThe purified and refinedcalomel tablets that arenausealess, safe and sureMedicinal virtues retained and improved. Soldonly in sealed packages.Price 35c.WARRANTS NOT PILEDMore than $500,000 of the $1,500,000 interest-bearing warrants calledin June 15 for payment by StateTreasurer Sherman Goodpaster hasnot been filed for payment. The interest on the warrants has ceasedand Treasurer Goodpaster is anxiousthat they be turned in for pyament.At least $100,000 of the amount isfor schools.A TRAVELING MAN'S EXPERIENCE You may learn something from thefollowing by W. H. Ireland, a traveling salesman of Louisville, Ky. "Inthe summer of 1888 I had a severeattack of cholera morbus. I gave thehotel porter fifty cents and told himto buy me a bottle of Chamberlain'sColic and Diarrhoea Remedy and totake no substitute. I took a doubledose of it according to the directionsand went to sleep. At five o'clock thenext morning I was called by my order and took a train for my nextstopping place, a well man."(adv-aug)lalotaosYou Are Cordially Invited toMAKE OUR STOREYOURHEADQUARTERSWhile in Louisville for the State Fair7500 MileMidcoSuper ServiceCord andFabric TireafLBftjBlBMU!2fi4itV 1 If Mitt MfJullmitKLi1Distributors for Fisk Solid Truck TiresIt Pays to Make Our Dealer'sStore in Paris YourHeadquarters in BuyingAUTOMOBILE TIRESAND ACCESSORIES?tecpefteSGa! Motor Trucks for Sale!We have a 3 1-2-ton four wheel drive truck which webought as a demonstrator; it is suitable for road contractors,sand and gravel hauling, logging, lumber business, tobaccohauling, or any work where heavy hauling and bad roadsprevail. We will sell this new truck at less than factorycost, as we are giving up the agency. AddressColumbia Motor Truck Cos119 S. Seventh St.nnssasnsnsi,35 ;Coal Coal CoalHave You Talked WithCOLLIER BROS.About YourOffice Opposite Paris TobaccoWarehouseS3tasgis-ggsgcarg-s5sr:PRIDAY, AUGUST S, llfHOMEKILLEDMEATSVealPorkBeefLambIt's the BestTo Be Had.f IMflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketAetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityAnd OtherCasualtiesA. J. FEBAGENT5000 MileAmazonGood WearCord and -Fabric TireiLouisville, KyMMl-Uir.lWinter Coal?Cumberland Phont 997 BHome Phone 257;3-9- - "J:3;M.tr.1SX:1 -trV i.-,!' . ICRIDAY, AUGUST , 1919THE BOTOBOH NEWS, PAHIS, EEHTVCKTM6SSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.SAFE, GENTLE REMEDYBRINGS SURE RELIEFFor 200 years GOLD MEDAL HaarlemOil has enabled suffering1 humanity towithstand attacks of kidney, liver,bladder and stomach troubles and alldiseases connected with the urinaryorgans and to build, up and restore tohealth organs weakened by disease.These most important organs TniiBt bewatched, because they filter and purifythe blood; unless they do their workyou are doomed." "Weariness, sleeplessness, nervousness,despondency, backache, stomach trouble, pains In the loins and lower abdomen, gravel, difficulty when urinating, rheumatism, sciatica and lumbagoall warn you of trouble with your kidneys. GOLD MEDAL Haarlem Oil Capsules are the remedy you need. Takithree or four every day. The healingoil soaks into the cells end lining 01the kidneys and drives out the poigonsNew life and health will surely follow.When your normal vigor has been restored continue treatment for a whilfto keep yourself in condition and prevent a return of the disease.Don't wait until you are incapable offighting. Start taking GOLD MEDALHaarlem Oil Capsules today. Your druggist will cheerfully refund your moneyif you are not satisfied with results.But be sure to get the original imported GOLD MEDAL and accept no substitutes. In three sizes. Sealed packages. At all drug stores.VISIT GROWERS WEEKLY.An effort is being made by the Experiment Station to learn just whatit costs to grow a crop of tobacco.This season a specially trained manis visiting each week about 80 farmers who are growing a crop of Burleyin Fayette and Scott counties. Boththe expert and the grower are keeping books on the cost of the crop.Another man is doing the same workin Christian county with, about 70farmers crowing dark tobacco. ByNATIONAL THRIFT CAMPAIGN;WHAT CAN WE DO WITHOUT?When the Savings-Division of theTreasury Department appointed Dr.J. Stanley Brown of Joliet, Illinois,in charge of the thrift campaign inthe schools, organizations throughoutthe country began to formulate independent, campaigns through otherchannels.In Chicago, a Do-Without Club ofnational scope has been formed toComings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.further the savings habit, and isthe end of the present season these j furnishing free membership buttonsmen will have data which will be of j ana pledges to those in any part oftremendous value to growers of theweed in Kentucky.HE. VAUGHN. FARMER. TELLSHOW HE LOST ALL HISPRIZE SEED CORN.Some time ago I sent away forsome pedigreed seed corn. Put it ina gunney sack and hung it on a ropesuspended from roof. Rats got it allhow, beats me, but they did, because I got 5 dead whoopers in themorning after trying RAT-SNAP."Three sizes, 25c, 50c, ?1.00.Sold and guaranteed by The Farmers Supply Co. (adv aug)oDepartment of agricultural figuresshow that hogs are more plentifulthan ever. And prevailing prices indicate that all of them are not incold storage.cS&r5r I 9fc M -the country who wish to join andsave money for some definite purpose,and who send stamped addressed envelopes to headquarters, 634-635,410 S. Michigan Ave., Chicago, forreturn literature. There are no membership dues and no expense to members. Mrs. Roy Dickey, former editor ofone of the national magazines, organized the Do-Without Club duringthe war as part of her work in connection with the Women's CommitteeCouncil of National Defense."We should not lose the spiriteither of saving or giving which thewar encouraged," says Mrs. Dickey."Dr. J. Stanley Brown says that everybody who 'sufficiently desires' canput away some part of every income.Te Do-Without Club preaches systematic saving for the future good ofthe individual and a considered useof the pennies, dimes or dollars weexpect to give to church, Sundayschool, home charities, or otherworthy objects. We believe the'American public needs to learn tothink about saving and think aboutproper methods of giving."oWHY PEOPLE BUY RAT-SNAP WPREFERENCE TO RAT POISONMY HEAD!When thei&JMmA head feelsigmM thick or:eotS aches, whenone feels allout-of-sortsperhaps, acoatedtongue itis the signalthat poisonsare accumulating in thesystem, andshould becleaned outat once!7Auto-intoxication can be bestascribed to our own neglect or open To recover vaU5wea hbo(1) RAT-SNAP absolutely killsrats and mice. (2) What it doesn'tkill it scares away. (3) Rats killedwith RAT-SNAP leave no smell, theydry up inside. (4) Made in cakes,no mixing with other food. (5) Catsor dogs won't touch it. Three sizes,25c, $50c, $1.00.Sold and guaranteed by The Farmers Supply Co. (adv aug)o? Of interest to Fishermen.Tongs held open by a spring to enable an angler to keep mouths of- -. . - - - -- T-m?""in a single implement.r-,carelessness. When the organs failin the discharge of their duties,the putrefactive germs set in andgenerate toxins actual poisons, I One of the strangest thia'gs in thiswhich fill one's own body .- -i world is why mftrfe mfen don't haveSleepinessafter meals, flushing bone felons & eadsof the face, extreme lassitude, bil-lousness, dizziness, sick headache,acidity of the stomach, heartburn,offensive breath, anemia, loss ofweight and muscular power, decrease of vitality or lowering ofresistance to infectious diseases,disturbance of the eye, dyspepsia,indigestion, gastritis, many formsof catarrh, asthma, ear affectionsand allied ailments result fromauto-intoxication or self-poisoning.Take castor oil, or procure atthe drug store, a pleasant vegetable laxative, called Dr. Pierce'sPleasant Pellets, composed ofMay-apple, aloes and jalap,Mr. andv Mrs. Charles P. Mannhave gone to Martinsville, Indiana,for a ten-days vacation.Mr. and Mrs. C. J. McDanielhave returned from a visit to friendsand relatives in Knoxville, Tenn.Dr. and Mrs. Carl Willmott, ofKansas, are guests of M. and Mrs.James Willmott, near Hutchison.Mrs. Louis Mussinon has as guestat her home on south Main streetMiss Alice Hughes, of Lexington.Mrs. E. B. Hedges is visiting herdaughter, Mrs. Samuel Biggs and Mr.Biggs, and family, in Huntington,W. Va.Miss Eileen Suna, of Lexington,is a guest at the home of Mr. andMrs. A. J. Fee, on Fifth street, inthis city.Mr. Louis Turner, son of Mrs.Edward Turner, of near Paris, leftyesterday for an extended visit inCalifornia.Miss Willie Slattery, of Lexington, formerly of Paris, is a guest atthe home of Miss Elizabeth Toohey,near this city.Dr. and Mrs. Brooks Willmotthave returned to their home in Lexington, after a visit to relatives inthis city and county.Mr. Irvine M. Keller has returned to his home in Chicago, after avisit to his mother, Mrs. Callie Bowen Keller, in this city.Mrs. E. P. Claybrook and 'Mrs.Robert Meteer, of near Hutchison,have gone to Crab Orchard Springsi for a stay of several days.Miss Nancy Griffith and guest,Miss Margaret Griffith, are spendinga few days in Lexington as guest ofMr. and Mrs. Powell Bosworth. IMr. and Mrs. Charles Link, ofKansas City, Mo., are guests of theformer's parents, Mr. and Mrs. Robt.Link, Sr.t on South Main street.Dr. and Mrs. J. M. Williams arein Rochester, Minn., where Dr. Williams will take a special course ofinstruction at the Mayo Bros.' Hospital. Mrs. Conrad Daum and son,Conrad, Jr., of Scranton, Pa., areguests of Mrs. Daum's sister, Mrs.Nick Nagle, and family, on Vinestreet.Mrs. George Adair arrived Tuesday from her home in Pensacola, Oklahoma, for an extended visit to relatives and friends in this city andcounty.Mr. and Mrs. Charles N. Fithian left Tuesday for Huntington,West Virginia, where they will beguests of Mr. and Mrs. John McClintock. Mrs. J. C. Elgin was called toBaltimore, Maryland, by a messagetelling her of the serious illness ofher son, Mr. Jos. Elgin, who is verylow with tuberculosis.Mrs. Ada Fishback, of Paris, wasa guest this week" of her parents, Mr.and Mrs. B. B. King, at Moreland,Ky. Mr. and Mrs. King have beenentertaining their children this week.: Mr. Ben , Buckner, manager ofthe Xalana Fd'riri. Hear Paris, wasThe Mabley & Carew Company(Cincinnati)Keeps Open House te :;and makes every visitor feel at home.-wtv t?$J..Our people are hospitable and ready to do theirutmost to make visitors comfortable and welcome.Fountain square, where our store is located, isthe very center of Cincinnati's life and bustle.Our rest and lounging rooms are at your service.We will take care of your hand baggage withoutany cost to you.Make the Mabley & Carew Company storeyour headquarters while in Cincinnati. Makeappointments to meet your friends at our store.We will appreciate your visit and value yourpatronage if you choose to bestow it.Our well appointed restaurant serves the bestfood the market aftords prices moderate.djosa"'0fflc&lay0CINCINNATI'S GREATESTFIFTH AND VINE STREETSW&'STORE,FOUNDED 1S77.FOUNTAIN SQUAREfrflmfftfojIfjjgfflffBfflBglnmncrcmrvni-t tm nrrrfrmj-wvxxamgxOOQMQDfflaflUttuyyBMHMBing and cutting knives are combined Ost icently at dinner to a partyPAT-SNAPKTT,TS EATS, Also mice.- Absolutely preventsodors from carcass. One packageproves this. RAT-SNAP comes in.cakes no mixing with other' food.Guaranteed.25c. size (one cake) enough forPantry, Kitchen or Cellar; '50c. size (2 cakes) ChickenHouse, Coops, or Small Buildings.$1.00 size (5 cakes) enough forall farm and out-buildings, storagebuildings.Sold and Quaranteed by FarmersSupply Co. (8-4tF)I BLUE GRASS FAIR ILEXINGTONKENTUCKY6-BIG DAYSAND NIGHTS-61-6 iSEPTEMBER$35,000 PSKS $35,000WORLD-FAMED RAINBOW DIVISION BAND45-PItcw 45RUBIN & CHERRY SHOWS2t-Car Loarfs 2tRunning da"? TrottingSPECIAL RAILROAD RATESKEN WALKER, Secretarycomposed of Mr. and Mrs. PeterPowell, Miss Belle Horton, Mrs. Du-rand Whipple, Mrs. Frank Vaughn,Mrs. Joseph Harting, Mr. GerardCrommelin and Mr. T. B. Cranfill.(Other Personals on Page 5)-o"WHY I PUT UP WITH EATS FOBYEARS," WRITES N. WINDSOR, FARMER."Years ago I bought some rat poison, which nearly killed our finewatchdog. It so scared us that wesuffered a long time with rats untilmy neighbor told me about RATSNAP. That's the sure rat killer anda safe one." Three sizes, 25c, 50c,$1.00.Sold and guaranteed by The Farmers Supply Co. (adv aug)oJOHN FOX'S READY WIT.Writing in the New York Herald,O. 0. Mclntyre tells this incident ofthe ready wit desplayed by the lateJohn Fox, Jr:"The passing of John Fox, Jr., wasa distinct loss to the New Yorkwriting fraternity. He was a novelist who always tried to boost hisbrothers in the profession. A greatdeal of his time was spent here inthe winter. One of his closest friendswas Charles Dana Gibson, the artist.He was a great afterdinner speaker.The last time I saw him was at adinner at the Salmagundi Club onlower Fifth avenue. He was at thesame table and Frank Casey, of Collier's told of hearing that a wellknown writer on how to do certainthings nd still he happy was goingto write a book to be called "Loveand Be Chaste.""How does he spell the last word?"asked Mr. Fox quickly.4 r v hlh?-ii i1920Model K-454 A--C.fV',, V.. -Vw"...Vk3PtI rIPATS PIE!Myso- do mice, once they eat RAT-SNAP. And they leave no odor be-Lhind. Doit take our word for ittry a package. Cats and dogs won'ttouch it. Rats pass up all 'food toget RAT-SNAP. Three sizes.25d size (1 cake) enough forPantry, Kitchen or Cellar.50. size" (2 cakes) r ChickenHouse, coops, or small buildings.$1J00 size (5 cakes) enough, fornil firm ftnrt niit-huildiners.touilding, or factory buildings.Sqld and 9 . .DageETAOIN AONNS(jld and Guaranteed by .FarmersSupply Co. (8-4tF),,(2$V'4jn'&.tfKKEHP -,..iA- . sfvc,.-:ty-iiSmMS'Buick Five-Passenger Touring Car-THE BUICK Model K-Six-45 is a very capable open carfor five persons, designed to cover the multitude effusesto which such a car is out. It differs from the big sevenpassensrer model onlv in tonneau and chassis length;'possessing the same degree of ruggedness, easy-flowingpower and mechanical excellence. fThe tonneau is even more liberally proportioned. The seat is fullthree-passenger capacity, set at a comfortable angle. The sides areupholstered clear to the doors with the same French pleated leatherused on the cushions and seat backs. Each of the four doors isequipped with a side pocket for storing small parcels. The instrumentboard is illuminated by a dash lamp. Top and side curtains are madeof high grade fabric, the curtains swinging open with the doors.Behind the front seat is a very convenient pocket for storing theside curtains when not in use,4tJ .r jif V ' ,tr' iltf f i 'rp- vu- J? -ji?5jJil j t- i43ili v ' 'vS-flBPv The Bwkk MaM Ki45 Qqs , ' ,-.When BetterAutomobiles Are Built BUICK Will Build Tk?rtC. $. BALL GARAGEFourth and Pleasant Streets,-.e-n t. V.!FRIDAY, AUGUST 8, 15ifPAGE1OTI WPHWSTHE BOUBBOR HEWS, filXS, KEHTUCR 3fft2Ki;2OTCOUNTY COURT HAPPENINGSIn Judge Batterton's court CharlesBoutck, a young man dressed in theuniform of a United States soldier,was presented, charged with takinga purse belonging to Fletcher Hall,of Paris, which, it was said, contained a sum "of money and a check for$15. It was alleged that Boutck hasforged the name of Mr. Hall to thecheck as an endorsement and had itcashed at a local store. Judge Batterton, after hearing the case, heldBoutck in the sum of $200 to answerto the charge before the grand juryat the next term of the Bourbon Circuit Court.Emma Doyle, colored, who was arrested by Patrolman Lusk last week,after a long chase up High street,charged with forging the name ofMr- Walker Buckner, of the county,to a check for $10, which she endeavored to have cashed, was servedwith another warrant Tuesday,charged with a like offense in forging' the name of Mr. Thomas Buckner to a check, which she succeededin passing on a local dry goods firm.In Judge Batterton's court she washeld in the sum of $100 in each caseto appear before the grand jury atthe next term of the Bourbon CircuitCourt and answer to the charge."NEWSNOTES REGARDING THEICE SHORTAGEThe following resolution wasadopted "by the Winchester Council:"Be it Resolved, That the City ofWinchester stopvthe payment to thesaid Light and Ice Company, nowoperating in the name of the Kentucky Utilities Company, for citylights until the said company complies wi'th this provision of its contract in furnishing ice, in accordancewith its terms, and maintains a suitable plant with the proper capacitytherefor."STORY OP MASONIC HONORS PAID (CAPT. REUBEN HUTCHCRAFTFISCAL COURTS PROCCEDINGS(Robert S.Porter, inLeader)LexingtonMaysville has been face to facwith the most serious situation thecity "has known in years in that thereis no city water available and no ice"being distributed to the public.When the one pump which was work-1ing at the pumping station brokedown, the reservoir ran dry and thecity was out of water either for fireprotection or for use in the homes.-Tire situation was so serious thatMayor Russell called a night meeting-of the City Council after teno'clock and placed the situation before them. The Mayor recommendedthe taking over by the city of thewater works," but no action was takenon this matter.oHAIL INSURANCE.Insure your tobacco againsthail withYERKES & PEED.Prmptand satisfactory ad-jjust merits.(june20-tf)GET SEM WHILE IT'S HOT GENUTNEPALM BEACH SUITSGenuine Palm Beach Suits, ?8lo $12.Straw Hats, $1 to $6.White "Shoes, ?2-to $5.Save money and keep cool.L. WOLLSTEIN,8-tf) 619 Main Street)Notice of Election"TO THE VOTERS OFv COUNTY.BOURBONvNotice is hereby i?iven that pursuant to .an order qf the -Bourbon' County Fiscal Court, entered July 3id,1919, an election will "be held and :apoll will be taken at -each and .all ofthe voting places in Bourbon County,Kentucky, on the 6th day of September, 1919., between the hours of siro'clock a. m. and four o'clock :p. m.,for the purjaase of taking the senseof the legal voters of Bourbon County, Kentucky, who are qualified tovote upon the following proposition:"Are You For a Property Tax ofTwenty Cents on Each One HundredDollars Worth of Property in theCounty to be Levied Each Year forTen Years for the Purpose of Improving or Constructing, Either orBoth, Roads and Bridges of theCounty?"W. G. McCLINTOCK,Sheriff of Bourbon County.(aug8-td)Notice of ElectionTO THE VOTEBS OP BOUBBONCOUNTY.Notice ixhereby given that pursuant to an, ortter of the Bourbon County Court, entered July 7, 1919, anelection will be held and a poll willbe taken at each and all of the votingplaces in Bourbon County," Kentucky,on the 6th day of September, 1919,"between the hours of six o'clock a.m. and four o'clock p. m., for thepurpose of taking the sense of thelegal voters of Bourbon County,Kentucky, who are qualified to vote,upon the following proposition:"Are you jn favor of issuing Five.Hundred Thousand Dollars in Bondstor the Purpose of Building Roadsand Bridges 7', W. G, McCLITOCK,In all probability Captain ReubenBrent Hutchcraft, of Paris, who gaveup his life in France in the heroicdischarge of his duties, was the onlyUnited States soldier buried inFrance with Masonic honors.Captain J. A. Orr, of Paris, who recently returned from France and wasmustered out of the service a fewweeks ago at Camp Zachary Taylor,in an interview tells of the mannerin which he learned of CaptainHutchcraft's death while in Paris,and the means he took to hold Masonic services over the body as itwas laid to rest in the National Cemetery at Beaumont.Captain Orr, who before enlistingin the service was a well-known physician of Paris, and who since hishonorable discharge has again takenup the practice of his profession here,says:"I first heard of the death of Captain Hutchcraft through GeneralRoger Williams, of Lexington, whomI met in Paris, and who was inchrage of one of the departments ofthe American Red Cross. GeneralWilliams knew nothing of the particulars of his death, or where he wasburied, save that it was in the Department of the Argonne, which inFrance corresponds to one in theStates of this county. CaptainHutchcraft was Junior Warden ofParis Lodge No. 2, of Paris, Ky., ofwhich I had at the time the honor tobe Master, and I deemed it my dutyto his memory as a brother Mason,to secure what information I couldregarding his death that I might beable on my return to impart it to hisgrief-stricken parents."I immedately set to work to ascertain the location of the grave, that Imight visit it and have a photographmade. I wrote to the Chaplain ofthe 166th Infantry for information;every officer I met wearing the insignia of the Rainbow Division I interviewed on the subject. Fnially myefforts were rewarded by meeting anumber of officers of Captain Hutchcraft's organization, and from them Igained the information I was seeking. "I found that he was killed aboveCheney, before Sedan; that his bodywas not recovered until that nightafter darkness had fallen; that immediately following his death hiscompany was relieved from duty andreplaced by a French company, members of which recovered the body.It was brought to the rear and buried in the little church yard at LaNeuville a Maire, Department of Ardennes, France. The body was buried with military honors, the religiousservices being conducted by thej Chaplain of his organization, anumber of officers being present."Later I learned that the government -was .collecting bodies and assembling them for re-interment inthe National Cemetery. I went toRomagne, in the center of the Argonne. .Here was located the largestAmerican cemetery, where most ofbodies of those who had fallen in thebattle of the Argonne were being collected and buried. I received the information that Captain Hutchcraft'sbody would be taken to BeaumontCemetery for interment. I gatheredtogether ten officials from my camp,who were Masons, and early nextmorning we started lor Beaumont,which was one hundred miles distantfrom our camp. Lieut. J. W. Waller,of Paris, Ky., who was not a memberof the Masonic order, accompaniedus."Arriving at Beaumont we securedsome white muslin and had an agedFrench woman to make us someaprons. Proceeding to the cemeterywe went to the grave where the remains 'Of my countryman and fraternal brother had already arrived, andwhen it had been tenderly loweredinto the grave, we conducted the Masonic services for the dead."As a Mason, those services weremost impressive to me. Before me laythe body of him whom only a fewmonths "before in our home town ofParis I had listened to in the lodgeroom, delivering what proved to behis farewell address to those he lovedso well, in which he said that he wasgoing across to do his whole duty,and that it might be that would be.the last time he would ever addressthe brothers of his lodge."Slain by a treacherous foe, hisbody was buried where it had fallen,and a sprig of accacia, in the shapeof a cross, placed at the head of hisgrave to mark the last spot until itcould be removed to another placefor more decent interment."And to think that I, the Master ofhis lodge from far across the seas,assisted by those close to himthrough that bond of affection whichbinds all "Masons, should have thesacred privilege of performing thelast sad rites as we consigned hisbody to the dust from whence itcame was very touching."The following communication willbe spread upon the minutes of ParisLodge:The August term of the BourbonFiscal Court met in session in theCounty Court room yesterday morning. Judge George Batterton presided, with the following magistratespresent: Fretwell, Burris, Stephenson, Wiggins, Shropshire and Turner. The report of County Road Engineer Ben F. Bedford for the month ofJuly was received and filed. ,A large number of claims againstthe county were presented, read andordered allowed and paid.County Treasurer S. E. Bedfordwas instructed to borrow the sum of$5,000 for use of the General Fundand to execute his note for same,payable January 1, 1920, bearing interest at six per cent, from date.The county Treasurer was also authorized to borrow the sum of $15,000 for use of the Turnpike Fundand to execute his not for same, payable January 1, 1920, bearing sixper cent, interest from date.The sum of $1,250 per mile wasordered as an appropriation to buildthe McClelland turnpike, the property-ownersalong said road to paythe balance, and said road to bebuilt under the supervision of theCounty Road Engineer.The Commissioners of the Hamilton and the Garth Funds presentedtheir reports, which were accepted,filed and approved by the Court.The County Road Engineer wasordered to purchase one McKenneyoil distribution five-ton truck fromthe Brandies Company.IN THE SERVICE OP THEIRCOUNTRY.Lord Faunteleroy Lafayette, a negro, giving Centerville, Bourboncounty, as his home, signed up Tuesday at the Lexington recruiting station for three years' service in theinfantry branch of the U. S. Army.Fifty-four Kentucky boys, wounded in France, and returned to theUnited States as casuals, are now inarmy hospitals at ports of debarktion. Of the number reported, oneis from Millersburg, Rufus Johnson,who is in the Base Hospital at CampMerritt, in New Jersey.HAIL INSURANCE.Hail insurance on tobacco.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.june24-tf)CARPENTERS HURT IN TWENTYEIGHT FOOT FALL.John Sharp and Riley Maddox,both well - known Bourboncounty carpenters, narrowly escapedserious injury Tuesday morningshortly before ten o'clock, when thescaffold on which they were workingcollapsed, precipitating them to theground below, a distance of twentyeight feet. The accident occurredon the farm of Harp brothers, between Muir and Hutchison, on theParis pike.The men were finishing a gableend of a barn and had failed to makethe scaffold secure. Harp fell on hisleft shoulder and is thought to have afractured rib. Maddox' fell on hiship and was less seriously injuredthan Harp. Both men were taken toSt. Joseph's Hospital, in- Lexington,where an examination revealed moreserious injuries than was at firstthought.oB-4 TIREInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,AgtsWord has been received here thatArthur L. Ogden, of Paris, has arrived at an Eastern camp from overseasservice. Ogden was a member of theFfty-first Infantry, and was inFrance for more than a year. Hewas formerly a student at Transylvania College, in Lexington."Sergt. Jesse J. Harris, after elevenmonths service overseas, has receivedan honorable discharge from thearmy and has returned to ParisSergt. Harris is a son of Mr. and MrsL. D. Harris, of Walker avenue. Hehas been in the service twentymonths altogether, eleven of whichwere spent in France and Belgium.Roger Thompson, Jr., formerly ofParis; but recently returned fromoverseas, has arrived here as a guestof his great-aunt, Mrs. John T. Hinton. He is en route from Hendersonville, N. C, where he visited hisparents, Mr. and Mrs. Roger Q.Thompson, to St. Louis. He will resume his former position in St. Louis.Mrs. Lon Graves, of Paris, received a message informing her ofthe arrival at New York of her nephed, Corp. Jesse O'Banion, of the FirstDivision of the U. S. Army. He hasbeen in the service five yeas, threein France and Germany. He willarrive here in a few days on a furlough visit to relatives.LIGHTNING DESTROYS BARNDuring an electrical and rain stormwhich prevailed over Bourbon countyTuesday afternoon a big tobacco barnon the farm of Mr. Virgil Gaitskill.near Austerlitz, was struck by lightning. The barn and its contentswere entirely destroyed by the resultingtblaze. The barn was storedwith a large quantity of baled hayand farm machinery, and a largequantity of feed. Two valuable saddle mares in the barn could not berescued and were cremated in theflames. Mr. Gaitskill and others succeeded in rescuing a number ofhorses and mules from the burningbarn. Flames communicated to abig double corn crib adjacent to thebarn, also destroying it and its contents. Mr. Gaitskill estimates his loss' at$10,000. He had $1,500 insuranceon the barn, but none on the contents. oFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan"To the Wardens and Brethren ofParis Lodge No. 2, F. & A. M., Paris,Kentucky:"We, the undersigned Master Masons, on this date, have held a Masonic, burial service ovev, he graveSbeflff of "Bourbon Countyl'sCapt. R. B. Hutchcraft, Jr., 166th(aug8-td) 'glnfintry, of, Paris LbdgevNo; 2, hJcated in the U. S. National Cemeterynear Beaumont, Ardennes, France.(Signed):J. A. ORR,Captain M. C, Paris Lodge Nq. 2,Acting Master.' J. M. GRANT,Captain Engineers, Hopper Lodge,No. 386, Alpine, Mich., ActingSenior Warden.HENRY W. PETERSON,Captain Engineers, Jordan Lodge No.386, Jordan, N. Y., Acting Junior Warden.H. W. BELL,Captain Engineers, Emulation Lodge,No. 503, Laurel, Miss.G. J. SIBLEY,First Lieutenant, D. C. ColumbiaLodge No. 2, Washington, D. C.W. S. CRAVEN,Captain Engineers, Kalispell Lodge-No. 42, JCalispell, Ind.CARL GOEHRING,Captain M. C; Mystic Circle LodgeNo. 685, Lawrence, Ind.R. B. BERRY,Second Lieutenant Engineers, Mountain City. Lodge No, 67, Lexington, Va.ROBERT J. GAMMIE,First Lieutenant Engineers, BorderLodge No. 672, Texarkana, Tex.ARTHUR C,( COON,First Lieutenant Engineers. Gate'City Lodge No. , 522, KansasGityMo:'" : " 1 :;- 'Eighteen men have been accepted for enlistment in the Eighty-thirdField Artillery during the time a.detachment of that organization hasbeen on -recruiting duty in Lexington. These men will complete therecruiting trip with the detachmentthrough Northern Kentucky andSouthern Indiana. One of the men isSteve McFraley, of North Middletown. oSOJOURNERS AT CRAB ORCHARDThe season at Crab OrchardSprings is now in its zenith, and alarge number of Bourbon county, people are sojourning there. Boating,fishing and swimming, with strollsthrough the historic vicinity, formpleasing diversions for the sojourners. The following are among therecent arrivals from Bourbon county:Paris Mrs. Mary Rogers Clendenin. Miss Mary Louise Clendinin, Mr.and Mrs. Thos. A. McDonald, MissIsabel Talbott, Mrs. Etta R. Young,Miss Anna Mae Young, Miss MaryFrances Young, Mrs. George Jacoby,Mr. Marion C. Talbott, Mr. ana Mrs.Robert Meteer, Mr. and Mrs. JohnMarr and family, Mr. and Mrs. R. M.Johnson, Mr. and Mrs. G. C. Watkins,Thurston Jacoby, Harry Jones,Ralph Becraft, Turney Clay, GeorgeArdery, Mr, and Mrs. C. L. Steenbergen and daughter.Millersburg Sam Martin, W. M.Layson, Edward Martin, Hobert Feeback, Julian Feeback, John Marr,Edward Marr, James Ralls, Mrs.Letton Vimont, J. V. Layson, C.Caldwell, Letton Vimont, Mr. andMrs.- W. T. Saunders.North Middletown Mrs. AllieDickson, Wm. R. McCray.HANCOCK BUYS JIM GAFFNEY.At Saratoga, New York, A. B.Hancock, of Paris, concluded thetransfer of the well-known sire, JimGaffney, for a high figure, and thehorse will hereafter do stud duty atClaiborne Farm, near this city, owned by Mr. Hancock. Since the saleof Sennings Park, Jim Gaffney hasbeen much in the eye of breeders, and IO. A. Bianchi, his owner, on arrivalwas made many tempting offers,culminating with the sale of thehorse. Jim Gaffney during his briefstud career has been exceptionallysuccessful, and among other notedones he has sired are the well-knownstake winners, Sennings Park, Dodge,Franklin, Emerson Cochran, WarPennant, Viola Franklin, Sedan, Berlin and others.oFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERS; BIGREDUCTIONSONALLSUMMERDRESSESFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSAutomobile Delivery4M II tMllllllHi"lilllHHU I II MMWESTERN UNION AUTHORIZEDTO HOLD GOVERNMENT RATES.S.The 1 T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND EMBALMBRSParis Ky.Mainand SixthStreetsDay phone 36Nlsht s . .' 56'or Home 286Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to With ourLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.t ' ,f t 'tiiT.t.ftrtlt iiiiiniiimiSMALL BOYS OUT SEEING THE.WORLD.Local managers of the WesternUnion Telegraph Co. and the Cumberland Telephone Company were notifled yesterday that- an . order hadbeen entered by -the State RailroadCommission at Frankfort authorizinga continuance ,of the rates now ineffect of the Western Union-:TeieJgraph .Co. and Cumberland Telephone IThese rates were made while thecompanies .were under Governmentcontrol. The Commission in its order,, said that the increased :: ratesare subject -vto attack by complaintof citizens at any time. .The -sched-jules were put lintXKeffect intt April.Five small boys, the oldest notover ten years, were rounded uphere Tuesday night by Chief of Police Link, and returned to theirhomes in Winchester, which theyhad left by way of freight train ona proposed tour of the world.Going into an uptown restaurantChief Link noticed a little fellow,whose eyes barely reached the levelof the counter, inquiring the priceof "a whole lot of weenies." Uequestioned the boy. who broke down,and sobbing, told how he and fourothers had concealed themselves inan empty. L. & N. box car at Winchester, and .started out to see .theworjd. Their earthly possessionsconsisted of. $1.40, and they had decided to invest the entire amount in"weenies."Placing the youngster in his autoChief Link rounded .-up the otherboys, who declared -themselves as being perfectly willing to return homeprovided Chief Link would guarantee they would not be the victims ofcorporal punishment by their parents, when they arrived home. Thiswas agreed to and the urchins weretaken to Winchester, where aftertheir parents had been located theywere received and guaranteed immunity against any form of bodilypunishment.KENTUCKY RACING DATESThe following are the official racing dates for the fall season in Kentucky: Lexington Saturday, September13, to Saturday, September 20; sevendays.Louisville (Churchill Downs)Thursday, October 23 to Saturday,November 1; nine days. .- Latonia Wednesday, Septembe'r24, to Saturday, October "18, 'twentytwo days. . r ." -i-f.: l FRIDAY, AUGUST 8, 1919THE BOUBBOK NEWS, PABIS, XEHTTTCITPAGEHTEv.TOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEHAIL INSURANCE.Tobacco hail insurance.McCEure & Donaldson.june24-tf)oSHOE CLERKS WANTED.Young man and. girl. Apply Poster Bros., Dan Cohen's stand. (It). oSALE OF EDIBLES.The ladies of the Christian churchwill hold a sale of edibles -every Saturday, in the Wilson store room, atthe corner of Third and Main streets.There will be a choice collection ofgood things to eat in the sale to beheld to-morrow. The ladies inviteyou to call.oSUNDAY APTERNOON CONCERTAn open air concert will be givenin front of the court house at fiveo'clock Sunday afternoon by the Littlejohn Carnival Band, said to be asuperior musical organization. TheLittle John Company will play aweek's engagement here, beginningMonday, under the auspices of the A.J. Lovely Company, No. 34, UniformHank, Knights of Pythias.oPEACHES BY THE BUSHEL.Buy your peaches for preserving.We have them to-day at $4.75 perbushel.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.o ,HAIL INSURANCE.Hail insurance on tobacco.Thomas, Woodford & Bryanjune24-tf)oCHANGE OF LOCATION FOR LITTLEJOHN SHOWS.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Owing to a protest made by residents of the yicinity against theLittlejohn Shows exhibiting on thecity quarry lot, the location has beenchanged to the Wilson lot, on Winchester street, near the Tenth streetIr. & N. passenger station, where theshows will pitch their tents for aweek's stay, from Monday to Saturday. oACCEDENTLY POISONED.While playing around the houseon Vine street, little John Davis, sonof Mr. and Mrs. John F. Davis, gothold of a plate containing a preparation for killing ants. Thinking itsome kind of delectable food he absorbed a small quantity, sufficient tomake him very ill.Dr. Charles G. Daugherty wassummoned, and administered emetics and other remedies, which soonrestored the young investigator. He5s now fully recovered.'oBIG SUMMER BARGAINS.Big reductions on all refrigerators,lawn mowers, incubators, hammocks,oil stoves and all goods for summeruse. Come in and see. Special saleon coffee this week 35 cents perpound.5-2t) FARMERS SUPPLY CO.oLIST YOUR PROPERTY NOW.SAVE PENALTY.Com In and list ytUf brifierty today, tht tlm llitttt Itntfcr whth a rtaity Will l on.The law require you to comtto our office In the CourtHouse. Do It NOW.WALTER CLARK,Tax Commissioner.JNO. J. REDMON,Deputy.(aug8-tf)K. OF P. OUTING AT LEXINGTONPYTHIAN HOME.The members of A. J. Lovely Co.,No. 34, Uniform Rank, Knights ofPythias, of Paris, will hold an all-dayouting on the grounds at the Pythian Home, in Lexington, Sunday. Aspecial program of great interest hasbeen prepared, embracing a numberof pleasing features. A basket dinner will be served at noon.A special interurban car will leaveParis at nine o'clock Sunday morning, returning, leaving Lexington atfive o'clock Sunday afternoon.Round-trip fare, eighty cents. Thetrip will not be limited to the K. ofP.'s, but anyone who desires to gowill be welcome.oKNIGHT? n"F COLUMBUS ON RIVER EXCURSION.A large delegation of membersfrom the P. I. McCarthy Council No.19"55, Knights of Columbusi went toFrankfort yesterday, where theyjoined delegations from the Lexington and Frankfort Councils in anall-day outing and fiver trip. TheParis delegation left over the interurban line at 8:30 yesterday moruing, and went to Lexington, wherethey joined the Lexington Council.A general all-round good time wasenjoyed by the K .of 'C. who re-Miss Mary Ellis is convalescingfrom an attack of scarlet fever.Mrs. Mary Walker and Miss Sallie Talbott have returned from a visitto Mrs. Pinnell, in Winchester.Mr. Wm. Rion has returnedfrom a visit to his son, Mr. Wm.Rion, Jr., and family, at Latonia.Miss Addie Smith has returnedto her home in Paris after a visit toMrs. W. S. Massie, in Winchester.Mrs. Jack Wilson, of near Paris,underwent an operation at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city,yesterday.Mr. and Mrs. John S. Talbottand Misses Edna and Lucy Browninghave returned from a visit to friendsand relatives in Winchester.Misses Mary and MargaretShannon, of Louisville, are guests oftheir aunt, Mrs. Phil Nippert, Sr..at her home on Fifth street.Mr. and Mrs. Leroy Eubanks, ofSlater, Mr., are guests of the latter'sparents, Mr. and Mrs. George W.Wyatt, Sr., on Twelfth street.Miss Mary Kenney Webber hasreturned from Middlesboro, whereshe was a member of a house partybeing entertained by Miss MaryHelburn.Mr. C. L. Steenbergen has returned from a stay at Crab OrchardSprings. Mrs. Steenbergen anddaughter, Miss Frances Ann, remained for a longer stay.Mr. and Mrs. Thos. B. Link, ofKansas City, Mo., and Mr. RobertLink, of New York City, are guests atthe home of Mr. and Mrs. RobertLink, Sr., on South Main street.Mr. and Mrs. Rufus Lisle, ofWinchester, came to Paris, Tueday.to see Mr. C. O. Hinton, who continues seriously ill at the home of Mrand Mrs. James McClure, on Vinestreet.Mr. George Conrad, who hasbeen a patient at the Massie ?lemorial Hospital for some time, as a result of being kicked by a mule, willbe able to return to his home nearParis, this week.Mrs. Philip Mohney, who hasbeen a guest of her son, Dr. S. P.Mohney, in this city, for severalweeks, has gone to Genesco, Kansas,where she will spend the remainderof the summer with relatives.Messrs. Harry B. Clay, E. M.Dickson, Wallace Mitchell and W. R.Blakemore, of this city, and W. H.Harris, of Lexington, have gone toLittle Current, Canada, where theywill remain for two weeks in camp.Miss Josie Maher is a patient ,atthe Massie Memorial Hospital, inthis city, where she underwent a serious operation Wednesday. Her sister, Mrs. Mollie McHugh, of Cincinnati, arrived Wednesday, to be withher.Several Paris and Bourboncounty people left for Niagara Falls,Montreal and other Northern pointsWednesday, on a two-weeks' sightseeing trip with the party conductedby Mr. Daniel W. Bowmar, of Versailes. Miss Nell Whaley has returnedfrom Atlanta, where she was placedby the Southern Division of theAmerican Red Cross as a CountyOrganizer. Her work will be in oneof the Southern States, beginningSeptember first, 8.uMiss Estelia Heller has returnedto Cincinnati after spending severalweeks in this city; as a guest at the Ihome b her parents, Mr. and Mrs.P. M. Heller, on Second street. Mr.and Mrs. Heller have as guest theirgranddaughter, Miss Mildred K.Heller, of Huntington, West Virginia, The following who have beenguests of Mrs. Dunnington anddaughter, for "several days, have returned to their homes: Mr. andMrs. Evans Umstead and son, William, Mrs. Lucy Umstead, of Mays-lick; Mr. and Mrs.-Clark Fritts andgrandaughter, Miss Susan ThomasPowell, of Lexington.Mrs. Joseph James was hostessto a picnic party given at her homeon Parrish avenue, in compliment toher nieces, Misses Ruth and Marguerite Highland, of Covington, recently. Those besides the guests ofhonor who partook of the pleasuresof the afternoon were Misses Geraldine Herrin, Pansy and Edna EarlBurns, Julia and Dorothy Mernaughand Willena Daniel; Clifford andStanley Bagby, Franklin Richardsonand Chester Burning.A postcard from former ParisianClarence Erringer, mailed at Mitchell, S. D., state: "I am motoring tothe Coast from Chicago. Will spenda month in Yellowstone Park, thenon through Idaho, Wyoming, Montana, to Seattle, Portland, Vancouver, and down the Pacific Coast toSan Francisco and Los Angeles,where I expect to land about Dec. 1."Mr. Erringer is at present connectedwith the Northern. States Power Co.,with headquarters at Minneapolis,Minn.Mr. and Mrs. David H. Butlerwere host and hostess Tuesday evening at a six-o'clock dinner at theirhome near Parisr in compliment toMr. and Mrs. J. H. Butler, of Covington. The guests present- were:Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Butler, of Covington; Mr. and Mrs. John H.' Butler, of Frankfort; S. R. Rice, of TJexinerton: Misses Virginia and ViolaSharpe, Mr. and Mrs. E. T. Butler,and Mr. Emery Butler, Carlisle.Mrs. Nelson VanMeter and MissAnna Wilson are visiting friends inCincinnati.Miss Lillian Ewalt is visiting hercousins, Misses Gladys and ThelmaCrawford, in Louisville.Miss Jennie James left yesterday for a visit to Miss ChristineKenley, in, Georgetown.Mrs". John Mastin was taken tothe Massie Hospital last night, suffering from typhoid fever.Misses Carrie Rose and LonaMcCord have returned from a visitto Mrs. J. H. Flora, at Cowan, Ky.Miss Nellie Lou Roberts has returned to her home in Harrodsburgafter a' visit to Mrs. W. E. Patton, inthis city.Mr. and Mrs. S. M. Lykins. ofWest Liberty, Ky., are visiting the Iformer's sister, Mrs. G. A. Lykins, atCane Ridge.Miss Anna May Pickering, ofMarion, Indiana, is a guest at thehome of Mr. and Mrs. Henry L.Clark, in this city.Mr. and Mrs. L. R. Green anddaughter, Miss Mary ElizabethGreen, of Owenton, arrived yesterdayto be guests of Mr. and Mrs. L. D.Harris, on Walker avenue.Mrs. Lon Graves has as guestsher sistejs, Mrs. Claude. Dutton, ofLouisville, and Mrs. George W.O'Banion, of Georgetown, and MissesAmy and Erma Dutton, of Louisville. Miss Juliet Turner gave an informal dance at her home near Paris,fiaturday night, in honor of MissesStephenson's house guests. Eighteencouple were in attendance. Refreshments were served at eleven o'clock.County Clerk Pearce Paton,Horace M. Collins, J. M. Scott andJudge George Batterton attendedthe stockholders' meeting of the Station Camp Oil Co., at Winchester,Wednesday.Mr. J. M. Sturgeon, local representative for the American TobaccoCompany, will leave in a few daysfor Greeneville, North Carolina,where he will be located for severalmonths buying tobacco for the company. Mr. and Mrs. Jo. Varden arrived yesterday morning from an extended stay at Clark's Lake, in Michigan. They report having had thetime of their lives. Jo says the fishactually came to him and begged tobe caught.Mrs. Thomas H. Clay, Jr., returned to her home in this cityWednesday from Chautauqua,New York, where she has been forsome time. Mrs. Clay and herparty, composed of her daughter,Miss Elizabeth Clay, her son, Mr.Thomas Henry Clay, and Miss Christine Thomas, had a very delightfulantomobile trip visiting NiagaraFalls and other places of interest inthe East.Twenty-four members of theParis branch of the Girl Scouts organization are in camp at Boonesboro under the chaperonage of Mr.and Mrs. Hiram Roseberry. Theywill remain in the camp for a periodof one week as guests of their hosts.They are occupying a large cottageand enjoying all the pleasures ofcamping, such as bathing, boating,hiking, etc. Miss Charlina Ball isassisting Mrs. Roseberry, who organized the Scouts here more than ayear ago.(Other Personals on Page 3.)L Ul-iUJ -Q, II II JRES0LUTI6NS OF RESPECT BtfKNIGHTS OF COLUMBUS.: i i3FfrParis, Kentucky,' August 1, 1919;WHEREAS, Death for the firsttime has visited our Council and 'removed from our midst our belovedbrother, William J. Minogue, who departed this life July 6, 1919; therefore, be itRESOLVED, That we extend to thebereaved family our sincere sympathy in their hour of sorrow;RESOLVED, That in the death ofBro. Minogue our Council has lost atrue and faithful member and ourcommunity a good and useful citizen;RESOLVED, That as a mark of ouresteem, and in fraternal remembrance, these resolutions be spreadon the minutes of this Countil, thata copy be given to the bereaved family and that they be published in ourlocal newspapers.J. J. GROSCHE,j. t. McCarthy,JAMES H. SHEA.Committee.including, a substantial picnic dinner In a shVdy' grove,, made up apleasant day's' outing.For our part we never expect tostart across the ocean by the dirigible route, but if we ever do we shallcarry enough gas.CLEARING SALEON OUR ENTIRE STOCKorReady- to -WearSuits : ......Coats' DressesCapes, Dolmans,Skirts and Millinery"r x. ' JxHARRY SIMONWe Have a FewPieces ofiHouse For SaleFive-room cottage on Virginia avenue; well improved; has gas andelectric lights. Call either phone 81.(8-2t) ' J. M. SMEIER.turned last night. Music, games, anda varied program of outing features, I Downing, of Cincinnati;- Mir. Richard Butler, Austerlitz; Mr. and Mrs.Thos. Butler, Carlisle;. Mr.-and Mrs.W. 0. Butler, Mr. and Mrs. W. H.Rawleigh's All Medicine Hog MixtureQualitf First; Results Assured.Try 100 pounds. Money refunded ifnot satisied. Cost one-fifth of a centper averige dose.Call Cumberland Phone 487; HomePhone 256, for further information.. X. 0. BIDDLE,The Bawleieh Han.(8aug-lf)3L,E3FTi,That we wishto close outat once,')THE J. T. HINTON CO.EITHERPHONE 36 - PARIS, KENTUCKY SIXTH ANB,MUNMotor Hearse Motor Invalid Coach UndertakingIM1IIXIXIXX1Ii1IB PJEUDAYX AUGUST 8A 1919THE BOTOBOH HEWS, PARIS, KEHTUCKY "nw-"' PACOCra: mnm'MMOTHERSTO BEShould Read Mrs. Monyhan'sLetter Published by 'Her Permission.Mitchell, Ind. " Lydia E. Pinkham'svegetable Compound helped me so mucn. during: the time Iwas lookingforwardto the coming of mylittle one that I amrecommending it toother expectantmothers. Beforetaking it, some daysI suffered with neuralgia so badly thatI thought I couldnot live, but aftertaking three bottlesI of LydiaE. Pinkham's Vegetablerinmnound I was en-U firalw roliovorl o"fneuralgia, 1 hadgained in strengtnand was able to goaround and do allmy housework.Mv babv when sevenmonths old weighed 19 pounds and I feelbetter than I have for a long time. Inever had any medicine do me somuch good." Mrs. Pearl Monyhan,Mitchell, Ind.Good health during maternity is amost important factor to both motherand child, and many letters have beenreceived by the Lydia E. PinkhamMedicine Co., Lynn, Mass., telling ofhealth restored during this trying periodby the use of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.Mental Strain for the Kid.We must not expect too much ofthe child and probably all that we canreasonably ask is that he see thatthe safety pin Is closed before swallowing it Ohio State Journal.Who among us couldn't have beenwealthy long ago had we only knownthat the dandelion roots we dug wereworth 12 to 15 cents a pound?Quick Deliveries ByTRACTION EXPRESSKy.Traction & Term inalCo.Wilmoth'sFreshHomelBaked Breads,Cakes, Pies, Etc.DailyFreshMeats,Roasts,Steaks ,Chops, Fancy Goods.FamousCoffees and TeasWILMQTHGrocery Go.Phone 376rJ'-t- r-t-.f.r-brr-ag."i!3g.n! Every Yeary l I V,a ..JMHtwmn wimw .w1nRUMFAneresseGfor Postum.drinkerschangewhoinbring betterTko OrlT'cIPOSTU!Ii.ISrich andtable drink foravoung andAt Grocers.Two. sizes, usually sold at 15c and' 25c' HIint Ri"IS25E5ES2SE55SE5H5E52ILABOR LEADERS DEMAND CONTROL OP RAILWAYS.WASHINGTON, August 5. Organized labor came out Monday withthe unequivocal, formal demand thatprivate capital be retired from therailroads.A tripartite control, composed ofthe public, the operating management and the employees, is demandedinstead. .Addressed to the American publicand signed by 'the engineers, the firemen, the conductors and the American Federation of Labor, a formalstatement was issued announcing thisproposal, which will be carried before Congress Wednesday."It marks." says the statement,"the step by which organized laborTinsses from demands for wage increases to demands that the systemof profits in industry be overhauled."This sentence sums up in a fewwords the proposal, of which therehave been hints and indications, butwhich now is laid before the countryfor the first time.Everywhere in official Washington it is recognized as being the mostserious and far-reaching propositionthe country will be called upon toface.Characterizing the proposal as"labor's bill," it is put forth to be aremedy for the high cost of living,because, it is said, the railroads arethe "key industry" of the nation.. It demands the "genuine co-operationand partnership based on a realcommunity of interest and participation in control," of which PresidentWilson spoke to Congress, and which,the statement says, has been ignoredby labor and the private owners ofthe railroads."We ask," it says, "that the railroads of the United States be vestedn the public; that those actually en;aged in conducting that industry,not from Wall Street, but from therailroad offices and yard and out onthe railroad lines, shall take chargeof this service for the public."Briefly, labor's plan demands:That private capital be eliminatedfront the railroads.That the private owners receivefor them Government bonds "with afixed interest return for every honest dollar that they have invested."That the tripartite control, heretofore referred to, be established incorporations which shall lease theroads and in which the public, theoperating managements and laborshall be represented equally.That the public, the operators andthe wage earners share equally allrevenue in excess of the guaranteeto private capital, by granting to theoperators and the employees one halfthe savings which are expected to bemade by such a perfected organization and to the public the other halfas consumers, either by increasingservice without adding costs or by reducing costs."This role originates with labor,"says the statement, "because laborhappens to have firm organizationsthrough which it may become articulate." The trainmen are not representedin the statement, as W. G. Lee, President of the brotherhood, was out ofthe city, but it was said that he wouldjoin in it.The statement follows: "The innuendoes in telegraphed dispatchesfrom Washington, appearing also inthe speech of Representative ThomasL. Blanton, of Texas, that the railroad unions are holding up Congressand the Government, may as wellcease. This appeal is made to theAmerican direct. It involves thejudgment and common sense of public sentiment, of all the public whichearns a wage or a stipend."We recognize that the only wayin which we can exist under the present system is to demand further increases in wages, but we agree withRepresentative Blanton that thisaffords but temporary relief. It doenot offer a remedy."Labor's bill, on the other handprovides a remedy, an4 we ask thatterms be scrutinized. Our full agreement in support of these terms willbe presented Wednesday before theHouse Committee on Interstate Commerce. In this statement we aremounding the note of our basic principle."That this role originates with(labor merely is because labor happens to have firm organizationsL5seesPr3Qvitf1i .iJfromh:KiwillhcJth,atisfying asboth.old.,'- ItlkLIT25ESH5ESJuTHESE WEATHER DOPESTERSPREDICT COLD WINTER."There'll be a cold snap in October,and right after Thanksgiving a severe winter will set in," said JerryMcGuire, all-the-year-round lake cottage dweller, at St. Paul, Minnesota,"but there'll be an early spring andcool summer. Nope, I ain't got onspecial reason for thinkin' so 'ceptgeneral appearances. The birds,trees, grass just everything outsidekind o' gives me an idee.""Yassuh," said white-haired, olackskinned George Washington Jones, atIndianapolis, "yassuh, the hot weather that ripened these muskmelonssho' miff will bring a cold winter.Jes' take a look at them thah seeds."He couldn't explain, but he said heknew what he was talking about.No need to worry about the highprice of coal this winter. The gradual disappearance of spots on the sunis a sure indication of an unusuallymild winter, according to ChrisSpaeth, superintendent of bridges atI Milwaukee, Wis. The same sign indicates the hottest August on record.AN OLD FAULT FINDER.An irritable and fault finding disposition is often caused by indigestion. A man with good digestion andbowels that act regularly is usuallygood natured. When troubled withindigestion or constipation takeChamberlain's Tablets. Theystrengthen the stomach and enable itto perform its functions naturally.They also cause a gentle movement ofthe bowels.(adv-aug)through which it may become articulate. It is not to benefit labor as laboralone; it is to benefit the consumingpublic, of which labor at present isthe audible part."In labor's bill providing that thepublic take over the railroads andestablish a tripartite control betweenthe public the railway operating management and the employees, the labororganizations of America have established this new policy, which envisages their condition not only as producers, but also as consumers."It marks the step by which organized labor passes from demandsfor wage increases to demands thatthe system of profits in industry beoverhauled. Hitherto, during successive wage negotiations and arbitration awards, we have called forprovisional settlements only of questions arising out of dif f erences as towages, hours and conditions of labor."That principle of 'genuine cooperation and partnership, based upon a real community of interest andparticipation in control of whichPresident Wilson has spoken in Congress, has been ignored both bylabor and by the private owners ofthe rjvlroads. J'What wage increases have beenreceived during the past few yearsresulted only in immediately beingfollowed by more than proportionateincreases in the cost of living. Eachraise in wages has turned out tomean only temporary relief for theaffected workers. When the increases have gone around the circlelabor as producer loses the advantageof the new wages through the additional cost it pays as consumer."Moreover, through compoundedprofits taken on these wage increaseseach cycle becomes an upward spiralof costs which the consuming publicvainly reaches to control."As the major part of the consuming public, labor is entitled to representation on the Directors of the public railroads. As a producer of capital Directorate of the railroads. Tocapital, which is the fruit of yesterday's labor, wfi now propose to discharge every obligation. ,"We demand that the 1 owners ofcapital, who represent only financialinterest as distinguished from operating brains and- money, be retiredfrom management, receiving Government bonds with a fixed interest return for every honest dollar thatthey have invested in the railwayindustry."We ask that the railroads of theUnited States be vested in the public;that those acually engaged in conducting that industry, not from WallStreet, but from the railroad officesand yards and out on the railroadlines shall take charge of this servicefor the public."These represent all the brains,skill and energy that is in the business. They are entitled to that measure of .control which is equal to theirability and their responsibility foroperating the transportation properties. "Then, and then only, will theservice be primarily for the public,not primarily for profits ,to speculators and inflaters of capital. As ameans for accomplishing this end, weask that a lease be granted to a corporation created, not for profit, butfor public service."We ask that this corporation becontrolled in its management by anequal representation of the threefundamental interests upon which industry is based. The public, operating managers and wage earners willthen guarantee both the integrity ofthe investment required for the conduct of the industry and that returnwhich induces it, by investing, to enter the public service."The public as consumers and theoperating managers and wage earners as producers having joined inthat guarantee, then will share equally all earnings in excess of theamounts required to meet the guarantee. "This is provided by granting tothe . wage earners and managementone half of the savings which theythrough .their perfected organizations can make, and by securing tothe public the other half, to be, enjoyed by the consumers, either byincreasing the means for servicewithout increasing fixed charges orby reducing the. cpst of the servicewhich the machinery then in existence can render.I -."Thus the cost of transnortationis automatically reduced exactly., inWlt'StoastedLUCKYSTRIKEcigaretteIt's toasted to increase the good,wholesome flavorof the KentuckyBurley tobacco.A regular man'ssmoke and delicious! proportion as benefits accrue to theproducers of transportation. Increase in earning power of producersunder this system can not be reflected in increased costs, it must bebalanced by decreased costs."The railroads are the key industry of the nation. They affect atonce the price of every necessity."As increased transportation costsare reflected in the increased priceof all commodities, so a reduction inthose costs must be reflected by reduced prices."We say this because of labor'sinterest as consumer, as part of anoverburdened public. This fundamental statement of principle we respectfully submit to the Americanpeople.""BAYER CROSS"ON ASPIRINAlways Ask for Genuine"Bayer Tablets of Aspirin"Only Aspirin Tablets with thesafety "Bayer Cross" on them aregenuine "Bayer Tablets of Aspirin,"owned and made by Americans andproved safe by millions of people.Unknown quantities of fraudulent'Aspirin Tablets were sold recently bya Brooklyn dealer which proved tobe composed mostly of TalcumPowder."Bayer Tablets of Aspirin" shouldalways be asked for. Then look forthe safety "Bayer Cross" on thepackage and on each tablet. Acceptnothing else! Proper directions anddosage in each Bayer package.Aspirin is the trade mark of BayerManufacturer of Monoaceticacidesterof Salicylicacid.(apr4-tf-P-126)C20Southern Optical Co.4 Incorporated:Manufacturers of Perfect-FlttlnoSPECTACLES ANDEYE GLASSESKtyptoks Artificial EyesInvisible. Bifocal Lem)4th 41 Chestnut StLOUISVILLE, KY.m XBks V - . im0 GuaranteedhLfJrfiAjne&yd1tof Tf HI IE fiilljigr'i SHOE Jiiliilb AdressingJBIH I m. keep tour shoes mnHSMSBsmJewel Pipeless FurnacesFor Sale ByT. W.Opposite CourtIXfiBXGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NI6HT 2ttCcnitr JFlfth ami MMsaiif Strttts, ritt-fc Mip ..iA:M!byINC9eilTC "Specially adapted tohomes without furnaces. Requires ne pipingnor wall cutting.A new popular pricedand efficient heatingsystem.Easy to install economical to operate.SPICERHouse, Parts KyIiK!X" -'if '.irra4FRIDAY, AUGUST 8, 1919THE BOTOBOH MEWS, PAIS, XEHTOCKTRCTSXTDTSPENT FORTY-SEVEN YEARS ASASYLUM INMATE.fflfft JTTTTTtTTTHHTTYTTTn CTTTTTIIP111 III ! I 111 A11 lllllft J jJujllU lljlJBe Sure to GetHE wax -wrappedsealed packagewith WRIGLEY'Supon it is a guarantee of quality.LEYSi HIIIII7 1The largest chewinggum factories in theworld the largestselling gum in theworld: that is whatWRIGLEY'S means.SEALED TIGHTKEPT RIGHTJohn J. Key, about 70 years old,for the last forty-seven years an inmate of the Eestern State Hospitalin Lexington, was buried in hisfamily lot in the Maysville Cemeterylast week. He died at the hospital,in which he had spent the greaterpart of his life, following a long illness from pellagra.' According to a tradition at theState Hospital, Key, when in hisearly twenties, entered the parlor ofhis father's home on the Lexingtonpike, near Maysville, and shot andkilled his father and Moses Givens.Immediately after the double tragedyKey went to Maysville and surrendered to the authorities.A long court fight followed and after several years of litigation, Keywas adjudged insane and brought tothe Eastern State Hospital. Thatwas in 1872, and he had been thereever since.For many years Key had been atrusty patient at the hospital andhad proved very useful around thegrounds. For a while he had chargeof the stables and poultry yards.Dring his confinement, Key has beensubject to many strange illusions, itwas stated at the hospital. He was aveteran of-the Civil War. and drew aI pension from the government.Although he spent 47 yearswithin the confines of the hospitalgrounds, Key was not the oldest patient. Catherine Redmon, of Franklin county, has had no sight of theoutside world since 1858, when, as ayoung woman, she was sent to thehospital.During her confinement the worldhas advanced and developed, but shehas never seen a motion picture showor ridden in an automobile, talkedover a telephone or had any of thecommonplace experiences of the present day. Since she came to the hospital, her family have all died untilnow she is without a relative in theworld, with no acquaintances orfriends outside her ward.WRAPPEDINIPBomsMgnclThe Flavor Lasts!CONFEDERATE WHITE HOUSE-TOBE SAVED.(New Orleans Item)The first White House of the Confederacy, located- in Montgomery,Ala., will not be destroyed. Thisannouncement was made "by Ttfrs.Belle Allen Ross, Secretary of theWhite House Association, the othernight, after she had returned fromLa Grange, where she closed a dealfor the purchase of the house fromthe Danby estate.It is understood the First WhiteHouse Association only owns thebrighter:EVENINGS-IsiT .EFciri1building, but it is possible, with theassistance of the Alabama Legislature, wliich has appointed a jointcommittee of the Senate and Houseto see what could be done towardsaving the property, an effort will bemade to purchase the land on whichtie house is located.Reports that the Alabama divisionof the Daughters of the Confederacywere trying to save the property weresaid by members of the First WhiteHouse Association to be erroneous.The work was originally taken up bythat body, but later the First WhiteHouse Association was organized andchartered by the Legislature to takeover the work. Since that time theassociation has been actively butquitely at work, with the result that,it now owns the building, which hasbeen saved to the people of the Southas an historic structure.: oNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.'UseOlectrioitjfor fightingIt's the only satisfactory way.use SetsTor Heating and CookingIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix You UpFor the Use e! BothElectricity and Gas.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(IncorDoxited)LEMON JUICEiiFOR FRECKLES! Girls! Make beauty lotion tor Ii a few cents Try It!Squeeze the juice of two lemonsinto a bottle containing three ouncesfo orchard white, shake well, andyou have a quarter pint of the bestfreckle and tan lotion, and complexion beautifier, at very, verysmall cost.Your grocer has the lemons andany drug store or toilet counterwill supply three ounces of orchardwhite for a few cents. Massagethis sweetly fragrant lotion into theface, neck, arms and hands each dayand see how freckles and blemishesdisappear and how clear, soft androsy-white the skin becomes. Yes!It is harmless and never irritates.(aprl8-tf-F)GETS NEW BLOOD.Cumberland county is buying purebred stock. Two farmers at Marrowbone, thirty miles from the railroad,recently bought for breeding purposes two pure-bred Angus bulls andtwo Anfius heifers. Sveral purchasesof pure-bred Duroc hoge have beenmade in the past six months.NEW OFFERING!$3,000,000J. C. PENNY COMPANY7 Cumulative Preferred StockCompany operates the largest -chain of department stores of Its kind inthe world, maintaining 197 stores, extending into .twenty-five states.PRICE 98 AND ACCRUED DIVIDEND TO YIELD 7J8.Special -Circular On Request.JAMES C. WILLSON & CO.LOUISVILLE210 S. FIFTH STREETCATARRH CANNOT BE CURED"With local applications, as theycannot reach the seat of the disease.Catarrh -is a local disease, greatly influenced by constitutional conditions,and in order to cure to cure, you musttake an internal remedy.. Hall's Catarrh Medicine is taken internallyand acts through the blood on themucous surfaces of the system. Hall'sCatarrh Medicine was prescribed byone of the best physicians in thiscountry for years. It is composed ofsome of the best tonics known, combined with some of the best bloodpurifiers.N The perfect combination ofthe ingredients in Hall's CatarrhMedicine is w4)at produces such wonderful results in catarrhal conditions.Send for testimonials, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Hall's Family Pills for constipation.BOURBON FARJAING CONDITIONS.The farming situation in Bourboncounty does not present the promising outlook it did a few weeks ago.The continued dry weather is playinghavoc with the crops. There hasbeen no rainfall of any consequencefor a long time. Grass pastures aredrying up, affording but scantygrazing, and the early corn has suffered as much if not more than anyother crop.The tobacco presents a very poorprospect, and is the most unevencrop grown in many years. A fewcrops are almost ready to top, butthey are very scarce. Some of thecrops that were set very early arebeing cut and housed, while othersare not yet above the clods.oA GREAT REMEDY.The merits of Chamberlain's Colicand Diarrhoea Remedy are wellknown and appreciated, but there isoccasionally a man who had no acquaintance with them and shouldread the following by F. H. Dear, ahotel man at Dupuyer, Mont. "Fouryears ago I used Chamberlain's Colicand Diarrhoea Remedy with suchwonderful results that I have sincerecommended it to my friends."(adv-aug)o .BUTTONSPOR THOSEWAR.IN THEThe victory button commemoratingservice in the world war is now beingdistributed by the War Departmentto every man enlisted in the American force since April 6, 1917. Twohundred thousand silver buttons havebeen manufactured for distributionto men wounded in the war. Approximately 500,000 bronze buttons formen who served abroad, but whowere not wounded, have already beenmanufactured. Manufacture of thebronze buttons will be continued atthe rate of 250,000 a week until allthe demands are supplied. These buttons can be obtained at the variousarmy posts, recruiting stations andzone supply offices upon presentationof honorable , discharge. The WarDepartment is now negotiating contracts for the victory ribbon andstars and bars to be issued to thosewho served in world war engagements a,nd those who receiving citations for valor. Approximately 507,000 yards of this ribbon will be manufactured at the rate of 15,000 yardsa week.oLondon is reported as crazy over"jazz weddings," and soon may beexpected to specialize on ragtime divorces.IB & v dab. tmwiW -MmBmkif in r t ("Hf "i ffp- xjEMioSMtH "f " J m 1. ill KmsSSBBn ' TillllllillnMwnnnnffiiillunifflllulUM( BIBjyBlL yJnHjniUllnIll1iilim BJtifHlHIiffl nfllflliflmllliiilnlF I ' I ImmWMIB.MBmmwumnurfflnfes??SlSAY, you'll have a streak of smokeluck that'llput pep-in-jrour-smokemotor, all right, if you'llring-in with a jimmy pipe or cigarette papers andnail some Prince Albert for packing!Just between ourselves, younever will wise-up to high-spot-smoke-joyuntil you can call a pipeby its first name, then, to hit thepeak-of-pleasure you land squareon that two-fisted-man-tobacco,Prince Albert !Well, sir, you'll be so all-firedhappy you'll want to get a photograph of yourself breezing up thepike with your smokethrottle wideopen ! Talk about smoke-sport!Quality makes Prince Albert soappealing all along the smoke line.Men who never before couldsmoke a pipe and men who'vesmoked pipes for years all testilyto the delight it hands out! P. A.can't bite or parch! Both arecut out by our exclusive patentedprocess !Right now while the going'sgood you get out your old jimmypipe or the papers and land onsome P. A. for what ails yourparticular smokeappetite !Copyright llfcy R.J. Reynold!Tobacco Co,You bay Prince Albert everywhere tobacco iaeotd. Toppy rod bast,tidy red tint, handsome pound and half mound tin humidorr-anthat clatey, practical pound crystal glaee humidor urith opongetmoutener top that keep the tobacco in such perfect condition.tR. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company, Wintton-Salem," Nt (JfHIOH From Fruit Stones.Salad oil is now being made from thekernels of peach, plum, apricot, andcherry stones. The kernels are firstseparated from the shells by a solutionof calcium chloride of magnesiumchloride, then washed, dried, andplaced under pressure. The bitter tasteor odor is removed by aeration orheating.Of course, this August weather isinconvenient in some respects, but itisn't a pneumonia breeder.NO MORE RATS!or mice, after you use RAT-SNAP.It's a sure rodent killer. Try apackage and prove it. Rats killedwith RAT-SNAP leave no smell. Catsor dogs won't touch it. Guaranteed.25c. size (1 cake) enough forPantry, Kitchen or Cellar.50c. size (2 cakes) for ChickenHouse, Coops, or small buildings.$1.00 size (5 cakes) enough forall farm and out-buildings, storagebuliding, or factory buildings.Sold and Guaranteed by FarmersSupply Co. (8-4tF)The Home Telephone Your ServantFor Only a Few Cents Per DayT of nr. nnnln.. VI i:a i!, -l uo au, ilia quaimuauiHls: e IS POlite. intelligent wllliiiralways on duty, day or night. 'v Z1!1 nstant Present to you the grocer, butcher, baker or any ofthe trades-folks, or the doctor, fire department or police In emergencyHe will go far beyo-nd the confines of the town and brine to you iamazingly short time a member of the family or one of your eood rfrnfpective customers. 6 tt V1U-He will summons the railroad, boat or theatre ticket in a few sec-And as to wages, he will only cost you in residence from 6 to 8c .day; in place of business from 10 to 12c per day. PCiPari Home Telephone & TelegraphCompany" l (Incorporated)-J. J. Veatch, District Manager.W. H. Cannon, Local Manager.Send That Next Job of Printing to TheBourbon News. Best Work; Right Prices.&raTw 5apl? j..'. "- '?.-E&rJ.vMILLERSBURGRELIGIOUS.Mr. Ollie Hurst, of Lexington, istne guest of his brother, Mr. O. E.Hurst.Mr. George Wadell, of Louisville, is the guest of his brother andsister here.See our nice coffee.R. M. CALDWELL.Misses Charlotte Vimont, ofIo-wa, is the guest of her aunt, MissLizzie Vimont.Miss Ruth McClintock has re.tunied from a week's visit to friendsin Cincinnati.Mr. and Mrs. Sanford M. Allenwill leave to-morrow for a week'sstay at Crab Orchard Springs.Born, Tuesday evening, to Mr.and Mrs. G. E. Reynolds, a handsome9 pound son, John Stoker Reynolds.Mrs. A. J. Thackston and sonleft Wednesday for a visit to her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Menges, at Rockland, N. Y.Mrs. A. T. Maffott and daughter,Miss Alberta, and guests, Misses Lucyand Mayme Hawkins, visited relatives'at Sharpsburg, Tuesday.Misses Lucy and Maymee Hawkins left Wednesday for their homeat Columbia, Mo., after a severaldays' .visit to Mrs. A. T. Maffott.Mrs. Win. McVey and daughter,Miss Maggie, and grandson, RaymondDaugherty, of Ewing, areguests' of Mr. and Mrs. D. R. Jones.Lieut.-Commander Chas. S. Bestis visiting relatives here beforeleaving for California to take command "of a large destroyer, just builtfor the Pacific fleet.The twenty-firth annual meetingof the- General Board of Directprs ofthe.-Hurst Home Insurance Companywas held at the office of the company,in Miilersburg, August 6, 1919, withabout fifty agents and directors present. The counties of Bourbon, Bath,Clark, Fayette, Madison, Montgomery, Harrison, Nicholas, Scott, Jessamine, Woodford and Shelby w,ere represented in the meeting. The Auditing Committee, composed ofMessrs. L. B. Cockill and Jasper McDonald, of Winchester, and W. W.Of"'!! and F. D. Richardson, of Mt.S" ling, reported that the companyli? ' just closed its most successfulfis".l year in net gain in volume ofbusiness carried and in the net addition made to the reserve fund of thecompany. It was shown that thecompany is the largest farmers' cooperative fire insurance in Kentucky,with insurance in force to theamount of $6,683,925.00, and thatthe net reserve fund of the companyabove liabilities was $73,491.81.The company does only a local business confined to the counties namedatocS! J. G. Blair, of Carlisle, waselected President for a term of fouryears; O. E. Hurst, of Miilersburg,was elected General Manager andSecretary for a term of four years;Lr B: Cockrill, of Winchester, R. L.Gillispie, of Carlisle, and C. H. Dalzell, of Paris, were elected as mem"bers of the Executive Committee ofthe Company. The attendance althis meeting was the largest knownin the history of the company. Anelegant dinner was served at the Miilersburg, College.o,The interior decoration work forthe Christian church having beencompleted, the congregation willworship in the church Sunday morning, at the usual hour. Rev. W. E.Ellis, pastor, will preach. At nightthe Union service will be held, withRev. Dr. Tigert, of Lexington, in thepulpit. iA union meeting of the YoungPeoples' Societies of the city will beheld in the Presbyterian church nextSunday, August 10.. The subject willbe, "Speech, Wise and Unwise."Everybody is cordially invited to attend, and to bring with them a quotation from the Bible, bearing onthe subject.Owing to a storm which developed suddenly, the outing planned forTuesday afternoon in the woodlandof Mr. D. G. Taylor, near Paris, bythe Mission Circle of the ChristianChurch, was postponed. Later inthe afternoon the members went tothe court house, where a deliciouspicnic lunch was served, and the lateafternoon and early evening hoursfilled with enjoyment.There will be a joint meeting ofthe Young Peoples' and Womans'Missionary Societies of the ParisMethodist church Tuesday afternoon,August 12, at three o'clock, on thelawn at the home of Miss Olivia Orr,on Stoner avenue. An interestingprogram has been prepared. At thesame time there will be a review ofthe Mission Study Book, ChristianAmericanization. A number ofladies will take part in this.The Baptist Sunday School ofthis city will send Miss ElizabethStuart as a delegate to the KentuckySunday School Convention, to beheld at Ashland, August 19-22. Ina Statewide contest of young peoplefrom 13 to 20 years of age, MissStuart's essay, "What I Have Learned Brom the Sunday School,'' waschosen as the best one submitted tothe State Association, and she was requested by the General Secretary tobe a guest of the convention and topersonally deliver her paper beforethat body. Miss Stuart is a memberof the Fidelis Class of the Paris Baptist Sunday School, which has thelargest attendance of any class in theschool, and is taught by Mrs. T. W.Spicer.Dr. J. J. Tigert, of Lexington, willspeak on some phase of his. overseas,experiences at the Methodist churchSunday morning. Mr. Tigert is a sonof Bishop J. J. Tigert, and is aRhodes scholar, formerly president ofthe Kentucky Wesleyan College atWinchester, and Professor of Philosophy at State University. He hasbeen overseas in Y, M. C. A, work fora year and was engaged the latterpart of his time overseas in travelingamong the camps lecturing. He hasspoken several times since his returnon his observations and experiencesoverseas, and his lectures have attracted quite a good deal of attention. Sunday School at 9:30 a. m.;morning services at 10:45 a. m.; Epworth League at 6:4 5 p. m.; Unionservices at night.ALAMOAFTERNOON, 2:00-5:30GRANDEVENING, 7:00-10:30ADMISSIONAdults 18c, war tax 2c 20cChildren and Gallery9c plus lc war tax 10cToday, FridayEnid BennettIN'The Law of Men'.It's a rattling fine story ofBohemian life in America'sgreatest Latin Quarter.AlsoRUTH ROLAND' IN"The Tiger's Trail"Tomorrow, SaturdayLILA LEEIN"The Roseof the River"Dainty Lila Lee in one of thecleverest pictures she ever madeAlso Cristie Comedy, "OHBABY' and GEORGE LARKINin "The Terror of the Range."Children Free Saturday Nisht.War Tax 1c.Monday, Aug. 11thLouise Huffand Jack Pickf ordIN"What MoneyCan't Buy"Also Paramount-Sennttt Ctmedy "THE FOOLISH AGE"and Burton Holmes TravelPictureDEATHS.MATRIMONIAL.4SPARKS.Mrs. Christine Sparks, agedeighty-two, died at her home in Carlisle after a long illness. She wasthe widow of Joseph Sparks and asister of former Sheriff E. D. Baxter,of Carlisle. She is survived by fivechildren, one of whom, Mrs. Ed.Thomason, is a resident of thiscounty. The funeral and burial washeld in Carlisle, Monday.A license was granted to Mr.Walter C. Collins, 22, of Montrose,Ky., and Miss Roberta Cox, 21 ofLexington.RATLIFF.BIRTHS.Near this city, to the wife of Mr.Kojr Galloway, a son, their first born.Mrs. Gallo"wajr was formerly MissIngels; daughter of Mr. and Mr3.'James Ingels, of near Paris.STOCK. CROP, ETC.The funeral of Mrs. Emma Ratliff, aged sixty, wife of Mr. C. M.Ratliff who died at her home in Mt.Sterling, Tuesday, was held yesterday morning at 10:30 o'clock, withservices conducted at the grave inMachpelah Cemetery, in that city, byRev. Clyde Darsie, pastor of the Mt.Sterling Christian church. The burial followed on the family lot.Mrs. Ratliff was a daughter of thelate Mr. Van Thompson, and wasborn and reared in Montgomery.She was a sister of Mr. George C.Thompson, of this city. The suriving imembers of her family are her husband; one daughter, Miss CarloynRatliff; one son, Mr. Victor Ratliff;three sisters, Mrs. J. Hood Smith, ofWinchester, Mrs. Chester Whitman,of Louisville, Mrs. J. W. Graces, ofMt. Sterling; and several half-brothersand sisters, g-w ' ' 'WILLIAMS JONES.Mr. S. H. Jones, 48," Clerk of theKnox Circuit Court, and Miss ArlieDee Williams, 31, of Knox county,secured a marriage license fromCounty Clerk Pearce Paton, and weremarried by County Judge Geo. Batterton, in his private office in thecourt house.COX COLLINS.Miss Roberta Cox and Mr. Walter Collins, both of Lexington, secured a marriage license here Tuesday, and were married at the residence of the officiating minister,Rev. J. T. Sharrard, on South Mainstreet. Both young people are verypopular. They will reside in Lexington.TAYLOR.PSolves Y?itfrPREPARE now for nextwinter's heating with aWilliamson Pipeless Furnace. Its single registersends glowing warmth allthrough your house. Itsaves the bother of stovesor grates, burns hard orsoft coal, coke or wood.Hundreds of farm homes foundThe WILLIAMSONPIPELESS FURNACE$ blessing last winter. It is easilyinstalled without tearing up floorstnd walls for pipes and flues. Tt tgoes into the cellar but does notheat it. Come in and see thisFubstantial, well-built furnace. Itis a fuel and labor saver-A. S. Best & Co., Agts,Miilersburg, Ky.Both Phones 33Mr. Robt. Moreland, the Lexington horseman, purchased recently ofMr. Sanford C. Carpenter, of Miilersburg, a green, five-gai ted mare, siredby Carpenter's King Chieftain, for$700.Mr. Sanford C. Carpenter, ofMiilersburg, was judge in the fancyhorse department at the HarrodsburgFair last week, and acted in a similar capacity at the Springfield Fairthis week.Mr. R. H. Wills shipped a carload of horses Wednesday to Bishopville, N. C, for which he paid from$125 to $150 per head. Among theconsignment was a trotter for whichhe paid $350 and a pacer that cost$450.Miss Carolyn Roseberry, of Parissold to Mr. Henry S. Caywood, ofBourbon county, forty-nine head offancy cattle, averaging about 1,4001pounds, for August delivery, at 16cents per pound. Mr. Caywood alsopurchased fifty-nine head from Hiram Roseberry at 16 cents perpound.oVERSAILLES MAN IS REPORTEDMYSTERIOUSLY MISSINGm(F-sc-pl TF-oct 1)The city and county authoritieshave received notice from Versaillesand Lexington to be on the lookoutfor Mr. Collins Bradley, manager ofthe gas company's plant at thatplace, who is reported as mysteriously disappeared. At the time of hisdisappearance Mr. Bradley had inhis possession about $400, and it isfeared that he may have met withfoul flay.Bradley is married and has onechild. A telephone message fromLexington stated that no trace ofthe missing man had been found. Heis described as being about six feet,two inches in height, of slenderbuild, weighing about 140 pounds,has blue eyes and brown hair.One by one the veterans of theCivil War are yielding to the sterndecree of death, and are surrenderingto the mightiest conqueror of all.This thought was brought out by thenews that reached here yesterday ofthe death of Capt. Ed. Taylor, a former resident of Paris, and a wellknown Confederate veteran, whichoccurred at the Confederate Home, atPewee" Valley, Wednesday night, fol-.lowing ail itlness 0f two years.Capt. Taylor during his residencein Paris, conducted a dry goods storeon the corner of Main and Thirdstreets, the site of which is at present occupied by the A. F. WheelerFurniture Co. His wife preceded himto the grave many years ago. Capt.Taylor at the outbreak of the Civil iWar, embraced the cause of the Confederacy, and enlisted in CompanyC, of the Ninth Kentucky Cavalry,under General John H. Morgan, andfollowed the fortunes of that greatraider through the varying fortunesof war. He served with distinctionand gallantry, and rose to the rankof Captain in the service, which inhonoring him was itself honored. Hewas a man of culture and intellectual attainments and had a host offriends here who regret to learn ofhis passing away. After leaving thearmy Capt. Taylor again embarked inbusiness in this city, and in lateryears was a traveling man for a largeEastern wholesale house. Of lateyears he has been a guest at theConfederate Home, with comrades offormer days, where his decliningyears were spent in the peacefulnessof a ripe old age. For many years hewas a prominent figure at all theConfederate reunions and was highlyesteemed by all who knew him.Capt. Taylor is survived by onedaughter, Mrs. Carrie Taylor Chase,of Danville, and two sons, Ira G.G. Taylor and Edward Taylor, Jr.,both of Lexington.The body was brought to the homeof his grandson, Mr. Hubert Chase, inLexington, where the funeral will be.held at ten o'clock this (Friday) )morning, with services conducted byRev. E. T. Edmonds, pastor of theWoodland Avenue Christian church.The body will be brought to this cityfor interment on the family lot in theParis Cemetery beside that of hiswife. The pall-bearers will be A. W.Macklin, G. S. Byrns, J. E. Keller, C.F. Estell, R. M. Redd and Jacob Sandusky. Members of the John C.Breckinridge Camp, United Confederate Veterans, of Lexington, of whichCapt. Taylor was a member, will accompany the body as a guard ofhonor.LYNE RANKIN.Mr. Floyd Rankin, who conductsa grocery on Second street, in thiscity, and Miss Elizabeth Lyne, alsoof Paris, secured a marriage licensein Lexington, Tuseday, and weremarried in the office of the CountyClerk by Magistrate Charles N. Parrish. After the ceremony, Mr. andMrs. Rankin returned to Paris, wherethey will reside.HAIL INSURANCE.Insure your tobacco againsthall withYERKES & fi.Prompt and satisfactory adjustments. (june20-tf)3ILITTEJOHHUNITED SHOWS"Different From the Rest"WILL EXHIBIT AT THE WILSON LOTON WINCHESTER STREET SPARIS, KY.!One Week, CommencingMONDAY. AUG. 11 1Auspices of A. J. Lovely Co., No. 34, jUniform Rank, K. of P.The Show that Stands ALONE as theCLEANEST, MOST MORAL and REFINEDitIUMMMUWfiliThe News Job Department is Always Busy."There's a Reason." Work Done Right!?How we are going to miss the parades when demobilization is done!oA man may forget iiis birthdays,but the annual recurrence of the circus always makes him a yearyounger.INTERESTING OIL NOTESThe Parboken Oil Company, ofParis, is drilling in its No. 5 well onthe Celia Kinkead lease in Leecounty. Nos.3 and 4 wells, broughtin some time ago, are each pumpingfifteen barrels. '1DA.3ST OOHEHSTSCLEARANCE SALE!Creating remarkable enthusiasm because of the greatvalue-giving. This sale offer to our patrons a remarkableopportunity to prepare against inevitable high prices.Get your share of these wonderful bargains for futureas well as present needs.$5.00 Oxfords and Pumps $3.95Ladies' dark, tan, black, patent kid, whitecolonial Oxfords and Pumps, Louis heel.$6.00 Oxfords $4.45Ladies, Satin and Grey Oxfords, Louis and'Cuban heel, custom made.$4.00 Shoes, Oxfords and Pumps $2.95Ladies' White Canvas Boots, Oxfords and'Pumps, also Black Kid Pumps, Louis andlow English heel. All sizes.$3.50 Oxfords and Pumps $2 49Ladies' White Canvas Oxfords and Pumps,also Black Kid. High and low heel.$3.00 White Canvas Pumps $1.95Ladies' White Canvas Pumps, Cuban andhigh heel, also Black Kid.$5.00 Men's Oxfords $3.95Men's Pat. Kid and Russ. Tan.Eng. Oxfords.$7.00 Men's Tan Oxfords $5.95Men's Mahogany Tan English and Broad ToeOxfords, Walk-Over and other famous makes.$4.50 Men's Shoes and Oxfords $2.99Men's Gun Metal Oxfords and Shoes, welts.:$3.50 Boys' Gun Metal and Tan LaceOxfords, welts$2.49$2.50 Boys Gun Lace Shoes at. . ... $ 1 .79$4.00 Misses' Tan Eng. Oxfords. . . .$3.99Misses' Canvas Shoes and Slippers. .$ 1 .4-9Children's Canv. and Pat. Kid Pumps . . 99cBarefoot Sandals at 85cSubstantial Reductions in Ail Othej highGrade Shoes and Oxfords,No Charges or ApprovalsDuring This Sale.Women's Gun Metal and PatentKid Oxfords and PumpsCuban and low heels, mostly small sizes,$3.00, $4.00 and $5.00 valuesWomen's Canvas OxfordsTrimmed rubber sole, low heel, all sizes, -$2.00values, at rDAN COHENWhere Beauty and Economy ReignParis' Greatest Shoe Store1i. ' ,1 ifr. , L,4inimfc.niuiil,iiuuuio.i.M,auwaertqtMWWJpaMjiUfrn'iiii Wnn m ui