.JXT7"-' HZSXTHENEWS4t -"St.wr -t " .PUBLISHED EVERYTE YEAR.-VOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIdAY, MARCH 7. 1919BOURBONJTUESDAY AND FRT VY INKEMOBIAL MEETING AT OPERAHOUSE SUNDAY AFTERNOONI S IN THE SERVICE "OF THEIRThere will be a mas meeting: at the COUNTRY. 'Opera House, Sunday, March 9, at t5:30 p. m., to pay tribute and dohonor to our boys who have giventheir lives for freedom's cause. UN THE SERVICEHan. Edward O'Hara, one of the j Sergt. Carl Schrote is at home fromfinest speakers in Kentucky, will de- j Camp Zachary Taylor, where he hasliver the address. been stationed, having received hisMr. Boatright and his Community final discharge papers. He 'will takeChorus, who have served so willingly, j up his old work, that of automobilean nnselfishlv and so effectively in . machinist. Mr. Schrote is a son ofw m -- v .PRESIDENT LEAVES ON SECONDTRIP TO ERANCEPresident Wilson sailed Wednesday on his second voyage to FranceCOUNPH HOLDS SPECIAL MEETINGS.t A special meeting of the ParisCity Council was held Tuesday night,every time of need, will render patri- jotic songs. IWe ask the citizens of Paris toturn aside from their usual Sundayafternoon diversions to attend thismeeting. We want the public of Millersburg, of Little Rock, of NorthMiddletown, and all the other communities of Bourbon county, who hasserved so vailiantly in every line ofwar work; we want the soldier boysreturned from camps and overseas.We well know their feeling that everand anon swells up in their breasts&a the conclusion is forced uponthem, that their sacrifices, yea, eventhe sacrifices made by those who gavetheir lives, seems not appreciated.Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Schrote, of Paris.John Scott, former porter at theWindsor Hotel, who enlisted inUncle Sam's service, and was sentoverseas, returned Tuesday, havingreceived his honorable discharge papers at Camp Zachary Taylor. Scottwas slightly wounded in a battlewith the Huns near Alsace-Lorraine.determined, as he said in his Metro-in response to a call issued .by Mayorpolitan Opera House speech, at xsew -c. . miliary, xue mwims waaYork, Tuesday night, not to "come 'called for the purpose of taking acback 'till its over, over there." tion for filling vacancies in the ParisThe transport George Washington ' Fire Department, caused by the rebearing the Presidential party leftv cent resignations of Fire Chief Ullthe aHoboken, N. J., pier at 8:15 man Lancaster, Fireman Edwarda m I Myers and James Dockenbrod.The chief executive's departure A large crowd gathered in thewas marked by a simplicity which I Council Chamber expecting a livelyREAL 1ST ATE TRANSACTIONSThrough the Walter Clark real estate agency, Mr. Howard W. Mann,Assistant , Cashier of the First National Bank, has sold his attractivecottage on Cypress street, to Mr. andMrs. Wm. Kiser, of Paris, 'for $4,500.Possession will be given next month.TOBACCO MARKETS.We want the fathers and mothersof these boys, we want all these tocome together Sunday afternoon thatwe may have once again a wholeheared community meeting with theold-time community spirit prevailing; a spirit which in the mad rushfor .-pleasure and for gain is passingall too fast away.We want, as we are gathered inthis meeting, to offer up thanks thatthe great and awful conflict is overand our boys are being returned tous sound and well. Neither will weforget to let fall the tears of sympathy for those who sit beneath, theshadow of great sorrow, a sorrowbrought about because their lovedones were called upon and bravelygave their lives for us yes, theyliterally gave their lives for us andours.Let us come together with a united Durnose and singless of heart determined that this meeting itselfshall be a lasting tribute to our fallen, heroes, and that out of it shallgrow a fitting and lasting memorialto them.In this undertaking Bourboncounty must not fail, lest she havethe finger of scorn pointed at herand of her it be said: "With all herTwisted natriotism, with all her glorytrained from past achievements, shela guilty oi uie DiaK-eoi. oiu . -"spin's catalogue the sin of ingratitude." We urge you to come. Duty andthe obligation you owe to others demand it,JAMES CALDWELL,BRUCE MH.LER.A. B. HANCOCK,JOHN T. COLLINS,W'D. McINTYRE.A. L. STEPHENSON,S. R. BURRIS,JOHN BRENNAN,VOL FERGUSON,J. HARRY HOLT,' Committee.So that every man and womanwho has served the Navy honorablyduring the war may have an officialtestimonial, Secretary Daniels hasapproved a war service certificate tobe issued by commanding officers tomembers of the enlisted personnel ofI both the regular force and the navalreserve.Mr. and Mrs. R. M. Arnold, ofnear Hutchison, have received a letter from their son, Stephen T. Ar-nold, who is at present in the Casualty Company of the Eightieth Division, in France. This is the firstnews the parents have received fromson since November, and he writesthat he has received no letters at allfrom "home.All men who are discharged fromthe national army for the purpose ofre-enlisting in the regular army willbe granted furloughs for 30 days, according to a War Department circular. If soldiers desire the furlough,commanding officers are authorizedto grant them, which must begin totake effect within 30 days of the dateof re-enlistment. Recruiting officersare instructed to refuse re-enlistment of men suffering from venerealdiseases.contrasted with the noisy demonstration given him when the GeorgeWashington carried Mr. Wilson fromAmerican waters on his first journeyto Paris last December.There was only a small crowd ofpersons assembled at the army transport Pier. To these the President,hat in hand, with Mrs. Wilson, waved farewell greetings as the GeorgeWashington swung out into the lower Hudson River, while the band onthe transport, Great Northern,-played "The Star Spangled Banner.Standing on the bridge, the President and his wife saw the Americanflag raised on the staff at the sternand heard the booming of the Presidential salute of twenty-one guns,as the transport turned her nose toward the Statue of Liberty and theescort of destroyers got under wayahead.The George Washington passedquarantine at 9:10 a. m. and wassaluted by twenty-one guns by theU. S. S. Amphitrite and by wirelessblown by all the steam craft in thelower bay.The George Washington has beenaiewly equipped with a long-rangewireless outfit, which will enable thePresident to keep in constant communication throughout the voyage.The Presidential steamer was escorted to sea by many seaplanes anda dirigible, from which pictures weretaken.The armored cruiser Montana willescort her across the Atlantic, withthe destroyers which accompaniedthe steamer from New York goingonly part of the way.or sensational time, but the sessionwas a comparatively short one, andtherewas very little doing. No action was taken at that meeting looking to the appointment or election ofsuccessors to the resigned firemen." At the meeting Judge Denis Dun-don, City Attorney, at the instanceof the Fire Committee, read an ordinance which he had prepared, fixingthe duties of the firemen and the salaries they were to be paid. This waspassed up to Mayor January, whomade the ruling- that ordinancescould not be passed at a specialmeeting of the Council unless plainlyspecified in the call. This decisionwas aftervard approved by theMayor, who then called for the election of a chief for the fire department. Councilman Kiser placed thefname of V. B. McGoldrick, now mthe army service of the United States,who, it is understood, has re-enlistedfor a term of years, in nomination.A vote on .the nomination resulted infailure of confirmation by four to'three.Mrs. W. H. Anderson has sold herone-story frame cottage on Highstreet, adjoining the property of Mrs.Camilla Wilson, to Mr. Ossian Edwards at a private price. It is saidthat Mr. Edwards bought the property for his daughter, Mrs. ClydeKeller, who will move to the property.The Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCo. sold yesterday 59,420 pounds of Jtobacco for $18,764.58, an average of$31.57. The market showed morestrength yesterday than at any timesince the decline. Some of the cropaverages were as follows:Hall & Browning, 3,255 pounds, saverage $53.31.Cunningham & Curtis, 2,375pounds, average $40)56.Alverson & Conrad, 1,540 pounds,average $40.40.Weatherall & Wilson, 10,710 'pounds, average $36.25.Dodge & Grimes, 5,790 pounds, average $35.47.C. D. Wilson & Davis, 1,420pounds, average $34.43. v"REPORT OP B. P. WHITE SALE.Good prices were obtained Wednesday at the sale of livestock, propand implements belonging to Bev. P.White, conducted by Auctioneer Geo.D Speakes, on the premises, on meMuir and Bryant Station pike. Theattendance was good and the biddingspirited.Sheep sold at from $13.75 to $20.50, shoats $14 to $21, sows $50 to$55, horses.$75 to $140, mules $125to $150, mules in pairs $350 to $400,cows $65 to $130. Chickens brought$1 10 to $1.20 each and turkeys $6each Corn sold at $8.50 a barreland about $15,000 feet of lumberwas knocked down at $475. Fannimplements brought good prices. Mr.White will locate in Lrexingum wi ,the summer and this fall expects tobuy a Bluegrass farm.o-THE WEATHER.After a period of comparatively' warm, sunshiny weather,.a grey palldescended on this section Tuesday,bringing heavy rains, followed by acold wave. The mercury took a tumble in the tube, the drop reachingalmost to freezing. The heavy rainsraised the branches and creeks .andoverflowed the lowlands, though nodamage was done. . , "..For several days the weather wasvery springlike, more like the .oldtime April Weather. Then like thedescent of the fabled "wolf on thesheep-fold" came the sudden sharpreaction, bringing high winds, rainsand cold weather.orrcTTTn? at. TT7JTVERSITY AGAIN'' BECOMES CENTER COLLEGEAmended articles of incorporationhave been filed changing the name ofCentral University, of Danville, toCenter College. .The name waschanged several years ago when Central University, of .Richmond, wasmerged into Central : College, of Danville. rt -Cf ' A t v " .Thomas R. Elder, son of Mr. F. S.Elder, of Paris, writes a post cardfrom Conflans, where he is stationedas a member of the. American Expeditionary Forces, to a member of THENEWS staff, as follows: "Hello,partner, how is every little thing inthA dtrofaTisrlCentucky, U. S. A.?Lively as ever, I suppose? we navea lively Paris over here, they say,but I haven't had a chance to see thecity as yet. Wallace Hibler, SticksGorey and myself are all well, andare as fat as hogs. I don't knowwhen we will be home, but some timein the summer, I sincerely nope.The reverse side of the postal cardshows an excellent photo view of theCathedral at Metz, which was badlydamaged by the Germans.Relatives in this city of PrivateMartin Glenn, formerly of Paris,have received copies of the following letter, which was sent to Mrs.Martin Glenn, of Lockland, O., bythe War Department"Headquarters Thirty-Second Division. American Expeditionary"Rengsdorf, Germany,"January 26, 1919."Your letter of December 11 toMajor General DicHman, has beengiven to me for investigation."The records of the 3 2d Divisionshow that Private Martin Glenn,Company K, 127th Infantry, waswounded in the shoulder by a machine gun bullet, near Bantheville,north of Verdun, on or about October16, 1918. Private Glenn's companywas attacking at the time. PrivateGlenn was carried to a shell holewhere his wound was dressed; subsequently his company was forced toretire from the position to whichiv t.rJ advanced. Three men volunteered to carry Glenn back tosafety, but all three were themselveswounded by machine guns in.attemnting to do so."Later in the day when CompanyK again advanced and regained theground where Private- Glenn hadfnm. no trace of this soldier couldbe found. It is believed, that he mayhave been taken prisoner ,by the Ger-... i. ji.j V -woe tolrATJ hfl.dKmans, li ne uieu uc .and buried by the Germans, as notrace of his' grave could be found inthe vicinity of the shell hole wherebe was last seen. 'No member of hishis company has heard from him upto the present time, and e is stillbeing carried on the records as missing in action. . " ." "Inquiry has been made, of tneCraves Registration Service as to anyrecord they may have in this case.They have the means of recording information in reply to this inquiry 'isreceived, you will be promptly notified.The second episode of the Councilmanic thriller was shown last nightto a lanre audience in the Councilchamber. It had been strongly censored and. many were disappointed.The story was as follows: Synopsisof previous episode Mayor callsspecial meeting for election of newfiremen. Veatch offers resolution toincrease salaries. With a resoundingblow of the mallet, Mayor declares itout of order. Minority nominatesMcGoldrich for Chief. Majority votesagainst nomination. Another whackof mallet and Council adjourns.EPISODE TWO.Mnvnr calls snecial meeting. MayorCharles and Everett Rector, ofBourbon county, near Jacksonville,bought at public sale the farm of 218acres, near Walton, Ky., and sold byD. B. Wallace & Co., at Walton, Saturday. The price" was around $25,000. The farm is well improved,two-story dwelling, two large barns,dairy equipment, silo, tenant house,etc.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney soldTuesday at the court house door inParis, for Mr. J. Hal Woodford, agentfor the heirs of W. B. Woodford, thefarm of 627 acres, located on theSpears Mill pike, about five milesfrom Paris, to the. heirs of Wm. B.Woodford for $240 an acre. Auctioneer Kenney also sold a tract of76 acres of unimproved land, locatedon the Winchester pike, near Paris,to J. Frank Clay, for $227 an acre.STOP AT HARJRIS & BALE'S ON makes speech before opening sessionwftTTo tttatt "irmun? sayius uc wa u.t, ,.XUUJ& WAX iiVAJ-u. . . ,! ii fnr. meatinCClerkMa-Stop in and inspect our remodeled jority nominates Ullman Lancasterrestaurant, to which we have aded for Chief and Ed. Myers and Jamesan up-to-date so da fountain, andisoft.iDoQkenbrod for firemen to serve undrink stand, ice cream parlor, serv-1 til nextr meeting of council Nomina-,ing the finest quality of cream. Our tions approved by vote of 6 to l.restaurant features are unsurpassed .Another malldt demonstration andby any. No. 718 Main Street. adjournment.(It) - HARRIS & DALE. Third episode next Thursday night.Mr. and Mrs. Harry Mitchell, soldrecently through Harris & Speakes,their two-story frame residence at1549 Cypress street, for $7,500. Thepurchaser was Mr. Luther K. Rice,of near Paris, who made the dealfor his mother, Mrs. Katie Rice, ofNorth Middletown. Mrs. Rice andher daughter will move to Parisabout March 15, when they will g.etpossession of the property. Mrs;Rice will sell her North Middletownproperty at public sale. See the bigdisplay ad in this issue of THENEWS.i i nmmmmWE KNOW HOWV - r oicn Tins been'lmade of theCentral Records office which wouldcentral xv alennif he ishave recoru u.. x .-- r ,m t,o. -nntiflorl ASofm alivp TOU Win ue uwSonastnawetto.ourinaulrr-owl, il; vj s- A-: SeC"reary General Stall,Don'tExperimentwithHats !rpHRITICAL DRESSERS find our new styles inHj Stetson Hats just what they have in mind(silD and you are sure of Stetson values, as youknow we carry a representative line of Hats ofdifferent makes and a fine range of prices.We EmphasizeStetson Hatsbecause the tendency is all toward higher pricedhats and we want you to know we can give yousound values.Drop in the next time youare passing by and let u, L show you these Hats.The two-story brick" businesshouses, one at the corner of Mainand Sixth streets, occupied by theFarmers & Traders Bank, and theone adjoining, occupied by the D.Feld Shoe Store, were sold to Mr.Feld this week for the reportedprice of $14,000. The property belonged to Mrs. Wm. Clarke, of Paris,and Dr. Henry Schwartz, of Columbus, Qhio, grandchildren of the lateMr. and Mrs. Jacob Schwartz.These houses were originally builtby the late Mr. W. A. Hill, and usedby him for many years as a monumental works and warerooms. Mr.Hill sold the place and bought theproperty now occupied by the Margolen meat -market, in which he continued his business to the time of hi3death.Mr. Feld also bought the two onestory brick cottages in the rear ofthe Main street property, these being included in the sale price.r$6.00 to $10.00MASS MEETING AT OPEEA HOUSESUNDAY.MITCHELL & BLAKEMORENcttleton ShoesDr. ReecT Cushion Sole ShoesManhattan ShirtsStetson HatsA mass meeting will be held Sunday afternoon at the Grand OperaHouse in the interest of the BourbonCounty Soldiers Memorial Fund. Mr.Edward O'Hara, a noted Kentuckyorator, and a relative of the famoussoldier-poet, Theodore O'Hara, willmake the principal address on thisoccasion. Capt. Robt. Harbison andhis sister, Miss Mary Dan Harbison,will sing and patriotic airs will berendered by the Grand Opera House average $41.04.Orchestra and the Liberty Chorus.Th committee in charge has finally fixed upon ?10,000 as theamount to be raised for building thememorial,, and urge the people to attend this mass-meeting Sunday afternoon, so they may become acquainted witji all the details. Bourboncounty's honored dead in the greatworld war now numbers twelve "andtheir memory is to be perpetuated inan appropriate memorial, the exactform of which will be determinedprobably, at this meeting.The Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCompany sold on their floors Wednesday a 'total of 6,985 pounds of tobacco for a money value of $24,110.15, an average of $38.8. .Themarket seems to have revived somewhat and showed the best averagefor a week or more. The bidding wasactive and the farmers and buyerswere in a more cheerful mood. Someof the best individual crop averagewere as follows:Plummer, McClure & O'Connell,3,75 pounds, average ?55.49.Ward & Smith, 2,430 pounds aver-age $54.26.Frank Barnes, 1,735 pounds, aver- .erage $44.86.Plummer, McClure & Rankin, 5,360 pounds, average ?57.78.Plummer, McClure & Jones, 3,640pounds, average $58.66.Clarke, Young & Purcell, 6,660pounds, average $45.88.Clarke & Wells, 6,865 pounds, ar- .verage $39.32.Plummer, McClure & Dennis, 5,730pounds, average $45.58.D. W. Peed, 570 pounds, average$60.07.The Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCompany Tuesday sold 237,050pounds of tobacco for $73,948.18, anaverage of $31.19 per hundredpounds. The quality of the- offeringsis becoming poorer and the market isnow on an average of $15 per hun-ppunds, the quality of the offeringsfollowing crop averages were reported: "Bryan,' Ross & Snelling sold 8,705pounds, average $53.25.Fuckner & Parker sold 1,135pounds, average $47.04.Buckner & Rankin sold 1,145pounds, average S34.80.Utterback & Golden .sold 2,160pounds, average $43.09. ---Rice & King sold 4,05Q pounds,average $41.39.Redmon & Martin sold 1,485pounds, average $42.41.Mrs. W. B. Woodford sold 2,745"jcunds, average $30.53.Allison Barlow sold 2,280 pounds,average $38.81.Rankin & Murray sold 5,660 poundsaverage $37.48.Worthington & French sold 2,475rounds, average $35.65.Rankin & Douglas sold 3,145pounds, average $35J.8.Burns & Fleming sold 4,335 poundsaverage $36.81.T. J. Craft sold 4,070 pounds, average $37.68.Mrs. J. B. Barton sold 3,840 poundsv-erage $39.34.Buckner &. Rankin sold 2,885pounds, 'average $46.93.Simms & Deeringsold 3,415 poundsaverage $34.45.Collins & Martin sold 3,105 poundsaverage $49.36.Raymond Taylor sold 2,045 pounds,average $41.14.Brennan & Craven sold 1,815pounds, average $39.93Jones & Butler sold 3,380 pounds,average $34.68. m vClay & Johnson sold" 5,810 pounds,average $36.90.Joe Connell & Johnson sold 5,790'pounds, -average $41.68.Martin & Crump sold 2,905 pounds,average $33.23.Poole. & Feeback sold 4,290 pounds .average $32.25.Brennan & Rankin sold 1,830pounds, average $44.28.Raymond Taylor sold 1,845 poundsaverage $30.24. ' :Miller & Crump sold 3,825 pounds,'CONGRESSMAN HARVEY HELM. DIES IN THE SOUTH. .W. B. Crouch sold 4,530 pounds,Tate & Florence sold 4,005 pounds,average $46.83.Thos. Drennan sold 3,250 pounds,average $4U.o.Kenney & Mattoxpounds, average $48.19.Wright & Mclntyrepounds, average $47.64.Florence & Cravenpounds, average $44.52.Rash & Stewart sold 5,295 pounds;average $36.79. -M. B. Loveli & Son sold' 2,005pounds, average $47.3 5.sold 4,270sold 5,360sold 4,565Congressman Harvey Helm, ofStanford, who had been re-electedfrom the -Eighth District six times,died suddenly at. Columbus, Miss.,I where 'he had gone to look after aplantation which he recently purchased. Mr. Helm had - announcedseveral weesk ago that the next termin Congress would be his last, as hehad decided to 'retire from public lifeand remove to his Mississippi planrtation. The announcement of hisdeath was. a shock. None of hisKentucky friendB knew he was sick.-ftf5At the Fayette Warehouse No. 1,in Lexington, Tuesday, Bqurbpncounty tobacco crops, were Isold '-airfollows: Ferguson & Bramel, 5285pounds," for an average of $55.41;Klump, Whitney & Grimes, 4,?i0pounds, for an average of $49.4;Tyalor'& Hinton, 5,965 pounds foran average of $48.80. ";voDON'T DO ANYTHING UNTILYOU SEE US.Dm not buy anything In tilCktMtif lln untH y gtt myprkts.L. WOLLSTEIM,CMMflgJtHiia5-jtt 1ithl;iiHi jwtarniIvVS.tMUK41 r:'.li !.IHIvfiiif?Kii r- i4," wTTw.JmtiVyv-A-KJS'-Mih JfmrfABlTWOW, BOURBON NEWSIriaaiishecL 188137 Years of Continuous PublicationMrtished Every Tuesday and PridayPar Year.. $2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Adavance.'SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.vJBatered at the Paris, Kentucky,Poetomce as Mall Matter of theSecond Class.)Any erroneous reflection upon theCharacter, standing or reputation offtay person, firm or corporation whichfaoj appear in the columns of THBBOURBON NEWS will be gladly corrected if brought to attention of thetttor.ADVERTISING RATES, Display Advertisements, 1.00 perlack for first time; 50 cents per inchnaoh subsequent insertion.Steading Notices, 10 cents per lineich, Issue; reading notices in black'$1&;&tt"cents "per line, each issue.Qards of thanks, ' calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andfcallar matter, 10 cents per line.' Special rates for large advertisesaesits and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reseiredQa -decline any advertisement or othersaatter for publication.Announcements for political offices. must Invariably be accompanied by(fee cash.FDrnraTAT. MTTsrwrcsBegarding Arguments4 Two persons who are thrown together frequently are pretty sure todiscover that on some subjects holddifferent opinions. Whether thosesubjects are of vital importance ornot, the difference in dpinion is liable to lead to controversy. Indeed,It ometimes seems that the more insignificant the subject the more bit' ter the controversy that will rageover it.-'..No one really enjoys controversy.Many people enjoy half a controversytheir own half. They get resessnd impatient and often angry fmr-- ing the other half, and invariably" v the "bitterness that springs from-a'controversy overshadows the temporary pleasure that each participant-Aeriveso'froni it. Since that is thecase, why are people so foolish as' ever to take part in controversy?Of course the impelling knotive is' akin, to that which urges a man to. defend his firm convictions whenthey are attacked. To most peopletheir opoinions and even their prejdices are as dear as their principles;aaxl they regard it as cowardly to3keep silent when some one expressesJ contrary opinions. The mere expression of inharmonious views neednot result in -controversy, but it'-losually does. A man who finds that"his companion does not share his"- "strong opinions or determined prejudices is often not satisfied with clinging to them in silence; he will usually seek to. impress th&n on the per-son. who disagrees with him. Onceremharked upon controversy, a pairwho at other trnzes may be ami--4-"Bayer Tablets of Aspirin"American Owned, Entirely!OFBuy. only"Bayer"Packages.AspirinTWblete..Proved' Safety Millions!Out of Pain to Comfort.Rfieumatismt itAchy Joints -kllumbago ,Sciatica,.Shoulder PainmmRHEUMATISM!;; ri Neck Pain'f Adults Take one t two "Byrv -"i TkWefcs of Aspirin" anytime, withwtar. IE necessary, repeat to"seikrea times a day, -after meals.Ask for and Insist UponBaur-Tablte. in AspirinfhvMytr u on Gtnum muttOriginal worid-famoua tableti.U& - 20 ofc package Larger size!UUptria la tfce trade Mark of Bayer Manufacture ef ICoaoaceticacidcstcr of Salicylicacid6r'" :v c . . rable and quiet will,-give way to temper, raise their voices and adopt atone of sneering' sarcasm. Most .persons who thus misconduct themselvesrepent afterwards and regret evenhalf of the controversy that for thetime being they enjoyed. They suspect that their opponents think lessof them and care less for thdm than'before. Perhaps the offense is mutual split, in the language of the,day, lifty-fifty; that means perhapsjthat the friendship cools on bothsides."Preparing Women For Citizenship"That remarkable writer, Mrs.Helen Ring Robinson, who was thefirst woman ever elected to a StateSenate, says in her new book, "Preparing: Women' for Citizenship," that! there are "three things the new wo'man voter must do if she wishes to:be helpful to what has been aptly'called the 'wholesale housekeepingof her community, whether that comonunity is a little wind-swept villgaeof the plains or a big smoky city.First She must open her eyes andthen, it may be, get eye-glasses.Second She must become unanimouswith herself. Third She must become a stockholder in a PowderCompany." In vivid phrases Mrs.Mrs. Robinson enlarges on thesenecessities of good citizenships. "Itis what we do between elections thatreally counts," she declares. "Thevote is merely a condition for gettingother things that are more esential,"is another one of her epigrammaticphilosophies. This book makes anappeal for the "steady mood of goodcitizenship," and the belief is expressed by the author that it is amistaken theory of womankind that"her country is bounded by a wedding ring," "Where do we go fromhere?" is the name of a chapter ofthe book. The volume has so much"pep" that Mrs. Catt is led to comment: "No one can write more forcefully and literally, hitting the nailright on the head with an awfulclip, than Helen Ring Robinson."In her book Mrs. Robinson has notomitted any of the logical demandsto be claimed for women. It maybe said that she evidences a thoroughgrasp of the whole feminist question.and is content to leave to men theirproper sphere in the affairs of humanity, but she is jealous of the hundred per cent, of rights to which herown sex is entitled.Women At Work.It is estimated that there are noless than twelve million womengainfully employed in the UnitedStates. For fifty years American industry has been calling for the helpof women and women have responded. Even in the South, women haveovercome their prejudices, and whilethe white men of that region navebeen irettinir into overalls, the women have tired of "being ladies" andtens of thousands of them are adding dignity to industrial employment.In Cleveland, Ohio, the street carconductors have made a demand forthe dismissal of the women conductors, and this lead has been takenup in other lines of employment, particularly in cases where there is traaeantagonism to women. The claim isput forth that "patriotic women"who entered industry during the warshould now return to their kitchens.To this demand the women returnsardonic smiles. They insist andthey have plenty of supporters totheir claim that their services as"conductorettes" give better satisfaction to the public than is obtained in the employment of men.The women of to-day are sure thatthflre is no argument that can bemade against their claims that in theworld of typewriters, telephones, stenography, adding machines, filingcabinets and similar devices, thattheir sex is supreme. They likewisecontend that in a great many of thenew occupations to which they werecalled by the war, that they haveshown a superior fitness; and inproof of this claim they point to increased production in institutionswhere a given number of men weresupplanted by an equal number ofwomen.The Newspapers.The newspaper is' to-day the mostnnfont AlomAnt. in civilization. Itsaudience is practically unlimited. Itreaches every class of people. Itpenetrates to every hut and hovel onthe farthest confines of human society The schools have an mnuenceand gather the children of the highand low. But after schools are outgrown, teachers forgotten, and booksmouldy and dusty, the newspaper isstill a constant companion.No public preacher, be he preacheror nolitical orator, can draw an audience of one-tenth that which greetsthe average newspaper of to-day, andthus the tone of the press becomes amatter of vital importance to thewelfare of the community. The influence is widespread and is also lasting. Therefore, we say, study wellthe contents of the paper you aretaking and if it contanis that whichtends to lower the scale of moralityand. .humanity and not to the elevation of that which is good and right,better off are you by far without it.o-It may be, of course, that President Wilson is .beginning to thinkthat Congress has in his absence resolved itself into a league of nuisances. o-: :The Red Cross in France is constantly translating letters betweenthe men in the A. E. F. and theFrench orphans they have "adopted."oYou never can tell. It may be possible to help a man most by keepingout of the way.THE BOTJBBOK JSEWS, PARIS, KEU'DUOKYi TEIUMPH OF TRUTH.Not the least by any means of thetriumphs of America's participation in the world war was the triumph of truth. The triumph of openhanded American policies pittedagainst scheming and spying andsubterfuge of Prussianism.Germany, for years, had maintained a system of insidious propaganda,not only throughout all Europe butin America. -She had sought to poison the minds of all the peoples ofearth, nation by nation, the oneagainst the other.Money had flowed like waterthrough her subterranean channelsof misinformation. Cost was counted least. Results were always heldparamount, whether attained by fairmeans or foul. Deceit, deception,lies, misrepresentation, were herstock in trade.And in the end they failed her tothe last one.Forty years of planning, careful,secretive, thorough to the last letterof efficiency, preceded her throwingdown of the gage of battle. Nothing had been overlooked that madefor her quick and decisive victory.Save for sturdy little Belgium atthe outset, and the predominantstrength of Uncle Satn at the lastmoment, another story might havebeen told.To-day Germany stands brandedbefore the world as the epitome ofall that was possible in the way oftrechery. All that was conceivablein the way of atrocity. All that washateful and vile in the way of outrage and pillage. All that an honorable, self-respecting nation couldnot possibly be.And Uncle Sam is recognized bythe world at large as the apostle ofjustice and right, the champion offreedom and liberty; the incarnationof truth always open and aboveboard, the defender of the ideals ofhumanity, the savior of dclnocracy.His voice in the world's councilscommands universal respect.We simply dare not fall short ofhis world position. We must holdup his hands to the last gasp. Wemust support him to the last dollars.w must vindicate his world's es-!teem.We must make this last VictoryLiberty Loan a tremendous success.Failure to do so means eternalshame for us, individually, before theworld.FORGOT WHAT HE NEEDED.From the .Republican, Mt. Giliad,Ohio: "The editor had an interestingexperience some time ago, when ayoung gentleman catne to this officeand asked for a copy of the MorrowCounty Republican. He scrutinized itit carefully when a copy was handedhim, and then said: 'Now I know!'What is it you are looking for, weinquired. 'My wife sent me after abottle of Chamberlain's Cough -Remedy, and I forgot the name. I went tosfivfiral stores and the clerics nameaover everything in the line on theshelf except 'Chamberlain's' I'll tryagain, and I'll never go nome wunmir Chamberlain's Cough Remedy."The Republican would suggest to theproprietors of stores, tnat tney posttheir clerks, and never let them substitute. Customers lose faith In storeswhere substituting is permitted, tosay nothing of the injustice to makers of good goods and the disappointment of customers.(adv) mar)oEven the accidents that happenin the best regulated families- are notalways covered by insurance.oBAD TASTE IN YOUE MOUTH,When you have a bad taste in yourmouth you may know your digestionis faulty. A dose of Chamberlain'sTablets will usually correct the disorder. They also will cause a gentlemovement of the bowels. You willfind this to be one of the best medicines you have ever become acquainted with.(adv) mar)BRIGHTEREVENINGSNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth livihg, than a well illuminated house.useGlee trie ityTor DdbtingIt's the only satisfactory way.use Sasfor Beating and CookingIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix You UpFor the Use o! BothElectricity and Gas.fctt' IParis Gas & Electric Co(Inconjorated)EATS MEATS ANDPOTATOES NOWWoman Couldn't Eat Because of BadStomach Until Mentone Came."My stomach was so out of orderbefore I started taking Meritone thatI couldn't eat a thing much, but nowI can eat a big meal of sausage andfried potatoes and biscuits and enjoyit," said Mrs. Ava Moore, of 710Twenty-seventh avenue, north, Nashville. "My appetite was mighty poor andI guess my system was just rundown all over," Mrs. Moore continued. "The bestway to tell you how I'veimproved since taking Meritone isjust to say that I feel like an absolutely new woman now."I can't describe how good itseems to be able to go to bed at nightand sleep soundly and then wake upin the morning feeling fine and readyfor breakfast."I know Meritone has made me' intoa new woman and has helped fcne somuch that I want others to knowabout it"Meritone is the compound of atrained chemist who spent years tobring it to perfection and is excellentfor stomach, liver or kidney trouble,catarrh, rheumatism and the like, orfor building up new strength.Meritone is sold exclusively inParis by Geo. S. Varden & Son.(adv)oPEACE COMMITTEE ESTIMATESENEMY nTOEMMTJLES.PARIS, FRANCE, March 6. ThePeace Conference Committee on reparation has estimated that 24,000,000,000 pounds sterling is the amountwhich the enemy countries ought topay the allied and associated powers,says a Havas Agency statement Monday. France, the statement adds, demands immediate payment by the enemy of 1,000,000,000 pounds sterling,part in gold, part in materials andpart in foreign securities, recommending that the remainder of the amounte payable in a period of from twentyfive to thirty-five years.NOTICE!Fruit and Shade TreesStrawberry. PlantsClimbing VinesSeed PotatoesRaspberriesGrape VinesPerennialsHedgeingRosesEtc.Everything for the Orchard,Lawn and Garden.Free Illustrated Catalogs.NO AGENTS.H. F. HILLENMEYER&S0NSLexington, Kentucky(28-mo)'Lfr Sale.I offer at. private sale the gentlestand " best 'family mare in Bourboncounty; good driver; splendid chancefor anyone wishing to buy a gentlemare.MRS. NELLIE S. HIGHLAND.(14-tf)Furs and HidesWe pay highest prices for iron,hides, junk and wool.MUNICH & WIDES & CO.,Eighth St., Paris, Ky.,Cumb. Phone 374.(23-tf)For SaleHaving leased my farm and movedto town, I offer at private sale asolid mahogany set, consisting oflarge sideboard, serving table, dining table, one-half dozen chairs,and china closet.MRS. NELLIE S. HIGHLAND.(14-tf)FOR RENT.Store room, fronting on Mainstreet in Masonic Temple.Single-room, second floor, running'water, elevator acommodations, foroffice use or living apartpaent.0. T. HINTON,Agi, Masonic Temple.Attention, Farmers!If you need anything in the wayof Saddles, Collars, Bridles, Etc., Ihave the best money can buy andmake, at reasonable prices.If you want a watch, don't go to ablacksmith shop to bay it, and don'ttake your horse to a jeweler to gethim shod; always go to a mechanicand you will get the best goods andit won't cost any more than cheapgoods.(28-lmo H. KMENER.Public Sale-OF-Millersburg PropertyI will sell at public sale on thepremises, on Trigg street, in Millersburg, KyM at two o'clock, p. m.SATURDAY, MAKCH 8, 1919.two houses and lots. Lots 235 feet,with 50-feet frontage. Have goodcistern with afople supply of waterfor both houses; concrete walks infront. Each house four rooms. Thesehouses have never been vacant sincethey were built.TERMS Made known on day ofsale.PHII MAHER,Geo. D. Speakes, Auct. Paris, Ky.At Private Sale!Thirty high-grade Percheron mares and a carload every other weekduring the season shipped direct by express from the farms. See ourPercheron mares before you buy. Time to responsible partiesWill show you horses any day in the week except Monday.Am . X. F. COOK & CO., Lexington Kentucky.Phone, 47; Night Phone 2845Y or 5631. (21feb-lmo)THE UNIVERSAL CARIt's no longer necessary to go into the details describing the practical merits of the Ford car everybody knowsall about "The Universal Car." How it goes and comes,day after day and year after year at an operating expenseso small that it's wonderful. This advertisement is to urgeprospective buyers to place orders without delay. Buy aFord car when you can get one. We'll take good care ofyour order get your Ford to you as soon as possible and;give the best in "after-service" when required.Ruggles MotorBank Raw, Paris, Ky. .FRIDAY, MARCH 7, 1919.For Influenza!For influenza and after effeets,use K. U. Tablets. They build upyour serves and stomach; rid thesystem of all aches, pains and tlrafeelings. They restore vigor andvim. They are fine for headacheand rheumatism. The contents of K.U. Tablets are useoLby all of the heatphysicians of the country.Don't be without them In yourhome. Once tried they xre alwaysused. They are put up tn 10c and25c boxes and are for sale by alldruggists and groceries.Distributed by theK. V. CHEMICAL CO..568 McClelland Building,7feb-3mos) Lexington, Ky.OurClienteleGrowsNot Upon Promisesbut uponPerformancesWtire Plonaars inDry Cleaning andDyeingIn Business Sine 113$Prompt DellvtritsTHE TEASDALE CO.625-627 Walnut St.CINCINNATI(mar4-lmo)irRYPTOlf1. GLASSES lY.THE INVISIBLE BIFOCALSLet us examine jour eyes.guess work we know how.nttedhyJToDr. Wm. Riley FranklinSuite 205-6 First National Bank,Both Phones. Paris. Ky.Co.I 3?'"V,AV- FRIDAY, MARCH 7, llf .TTTR BOTTRBOH HEWS, PARIS, XEHOTCKPACTLONGLASTINGr f rx D lHOWDOCTORSuown ana uui dulHis Tongue Still WagsTHE HUN is still able to whisper. One of his favorite subjects isLiberty Bonds.The bonds are absolutely theTREAT GOLDSoarJ.Satisfaction for thesweet tooth.Aid to appetite anddigestion benefitand enjoyment inLASTING form.And only 5 centsa package,best secured in the world so hedare not attack them openly.He whispers to you to sell them,hoDina to demoralize the marketAnd he has about as muchchance of doing this as he had ofwinning the war. It is characteristic Hun stupidity.Every time you are approachedto sell your Liberty Bond or totrade it for stock in some unknownand unestablished project, remember it is the voice of the Hunspeaking.Then take another grip on yourLiberty Bonds and hold tight.Keep those you have and be ready tobuy more when the Victory Liberty Loan is offered for sale InAprilTHE FLUANDA Miser, A WomanAnd Two Stars'jttrst Step In Treatment Is a BriskPurgative With Calotabs,the New Nausealess$0$ MSSStSf9aJJj limi IP'SA nriser, born in a land afar,Who'd gained a fortune over here,Where Liberty is the guiding star,Looked up from his gold with a bitrter leer."I got it by pinching and going without; j They call me greedy; I am," said he.The Nation's call to lend I flout.For bonds they'll get no gold fromme."A woman gazed on a star of. gold.She'd- given all she had to give,And sacrificed to lend, twas told,That Liberty and Land might live."And I'll lend again and again," shesaid,"To help to remedy war's ills,"And to keep true faith with our herodeadBy helping pay our war-time bills."Doctors have found by experiencethat no medicine for cold and influenza can be depended upon for fulleffectiveness until the liver is madethoroughly active. That is why thefirst step in the treatment is the new,nusealess Calomel called Calotabs,which is free from the sickening,weakening, and salivating effects ofthe old style calomel. Doctors alsopoint out the fact that an activeliver goes a long way towards preventing influenza and is one of themost important factors in enablingthe patient to successfully withstandan attack and ward off pneumonia.One Calotab on the tongue at bedtiteie, with a swallow of waterthat's all. No salts, no nausea northe slightest interference with youreating, pleasure or work. Nextmorning your liver is active, yoursystem is purged, and you are feelingfine, with a hearty appetite forbreakfast. Druggists sell Calotabsonly in original sealed packages,price thirty-five cents. Your moneywill be cheerfully refunded if you donot find them delightful. (adv)oCLOCKS WILL TURN BACK LASTSUNDAY IN MARCH.Liberty Loan LevityFlavor LastTHE ADMEnSTRATION WHEATGUARANTEE UTTX COMPLETEDWASHINGTON, March 6.- TheAdministration wheat guarantee billwai completed Monday night withadoption of the conference report bythe House. It now is ready for President Wilson's signature.107onn.000 as a revolving fund for thepurchase of wheat and authorizes thePresident to create an agency oragencies for purchase of the 1919crop at the guaranteed price of $2.26a bushel and to repose in the agencyor agencies the authority to controlall commerce in wheat and wheat products.An amendment offered by Senators1I tsSsQSI jog?i I maAri i utmxMnj . 'a half-wit.Blaney.Barter knew, thong,fee rainy.So ke ahared and toeAnd he aared and hatxxxht bonds.Blaney bcaiay.ub nuBuDDi6uv. , An amendment oiierea Dy senatorsThe measure appropriate ?1,000,- f th cotton states reducine theMHHMHMMMHMMMMMiMHMiMa number of grades on cotton deliver-" able on future contracts from 20 to10 was retained in the bill.?. J . . - iSIGNALS OP DISTRESSParis People Should Know How toRead and Heed Them.Failure of Congress before final adjournment to take any action onpending bills providing for repeal ofthe daylight saving act made certainthat the nation's clocks will againbe advanced one hour during the pe-'riod between the last Sunday inMarch and the last Sunday in October. Opposition of farming interests totvA rtflviie-ht saving: act on thegrounds that it was of no benefit tothe people of rural communities ledto the introduction of several billsproviding for its repeal, but all ofthem failed.oFORMER PRESIDENT TAPT VISITOR IN KENTUCKY.Former President Howard Taftwar a visitor in the State Tuesday.Mr. Taft passed through Winchester,rYn route from Atlanta, Georgia, toCincinnati, where ne weni in me interest of the War Labor Board. Mr..Taft alighted at Winchester and senta long telegram to President wiison,concerning labor and financial conditions in the South.IPlant FloweringShrubs NowWvwring abiwba are -valuable la4mt9 material. They ara economicalVteauae they aaatur rapidly. Amo& collection -will prent thagrftaleat variety..' of color iaroagoutSaa aeasoa tooth, flower, foliaad berrtes. "We haya over 10 1 varieties deecribe la our catalogue,-waiaa will be seaAjtraa on request.Both. . TlJescent5ZPhones II St MathewsovKw9.ii VSJBjBjBJBNVFS iVflThere is biore Catarrh in this section of the country than, all otherdiseases put together, and for yearsit was supposed. ta be incurable.Doctors prescribed local- treatment,pronounced incurable. Catarrh is alocal disease, greatly influenced byconstitutional conditions and therefore requires constitutional treatment. . Hairs- Catrarrh Medicine,manufactured by P. J. Cheney &Co., Toledo, Ohio, is a-constitutionalremedy, Ms taken internally and actsthrough the blood) on the mucoussurfaces pf the system. One hundred, dollars reward, is offered for anyfcase that Hall's Catarrh Medicinefails to cure. ' Send for circulars andtestimonials. ' "' fP. J. CHENEY & CO. 'Toledo, Ohio.Sold by Druggists, 75cHall's Family Pills for constipation.'(adv) mar)oAlthough not intending to compliment the Bolshevik, our guess isthat he could become a coyote without changing his nature much.oIt has just about gotten so inthis country that a man cusses theGovernment when he fails to make aliving by keeping a bee.. oFOR A BAB COLD.Take Chamberlains Cough Remedy. It has stood' the test of time andcan be depended upon.(adv) mar)triircw"HOTgmillllllBlllHlirPRESERVEIJErHERIUQMlOSoTfc FWSTES: JFbr Black .White Janand Ox-Blood jaarKprowiy ouu?SEPNPATDisordered kidneys give many signals of distress.The secretions may be dark, contain sediment.Passages are sometimes frequent,scanty, painful.Backache is often present day andnigt;Headaches and dizzy .spells may occur.Weakened kidneys should recivequick help.Don't delay! Use a special kidneyTemedy.Doan's Kidney Pills are for weakrutitnatta KoAiron'hA and urinary dis-orders.Paris evidence proves their worth.Chas. Stewart, tinsmith Lillestonavenue, says: J,I have had three orfour attacks of lumbago in the pastfew years, and the first being theworst. There was a constant, dullache in my back all the time andoften sharp, cutting pains dartedthrough Jt. It sometimes seemed as,fhonrfi I could hardly endure themisery. I tried different remeaieswith no results. I heard of Doan'sKidney Pills and procured them fromthe Ardery Dru Co. The first boxhelped me anF I continued takingthem until cured. Attacks sincethen have always been slight. Doan'sKidney Pills have never failed to relieve me." ..Price 60c. at all dealers. Dontsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same matMr. Stewart had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)oPROF. F. H. CARTER IS CABUSLESCHOOL HEADTHESEDURABLESOLES11BYMILL!ONS4'After giving Neolin Soles a thorough trial, I would not go back to thesoles I used to wear even though thecost were less. I receive twice theservice from shoes with NeoUn boles,writes G. P. Jones, of Omaha.More than 10,000,000 pairs of NeolinSoles have been put on American shoes.People were quick to -reahze the advantages of this scientifically-made soleits long wear, iu wmium -proofnessand its final economy.Good shoe stores everywhere sellNe5lin-soled shoes in many styles tormen, women, and children. ,And any repairman will re-sole yourworn shoes with Neolin Soles madeby The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co.,Akron, Ohio, who also make WingfootHeels guaranteed to outwear allother heels.neolin SolesZgUaS&S V. 3. Fat. oa.5ELTNo reducing corsets are so trulyeconomical, so long-lived or sosatisfying as these extra-stronggarments.The Rengo Belt feature oftailoring has become famousamong medium and stoutwomen, because it solves theproblem of retaining shapeliness where the erreatest straincomes over the abdomen and hips. Note the exclusivemwmwm v- wwmma w ww.m w mw (jiM UJW1 V) MiMA V W CU WU AUUjV nmBelt model you will find your first supreme corset satisfaction. .Models for every figure some with steelastic webbing for greaterfreedom all with double watch spring boning.For Sale By FRANK C& CO. 1II'i-fIt " WriHere's the big work, little i;cost tractor . the Titan !THE Titan 10-20 has been on the market" for""years, and has made good without reservation.I . 10 horsepower at the draw bar 20 horsepowerat the belt.A well-balanced tractor that is suited to all farm ;I power work. It drives easily, affords maximum pull- ,ing power for its weight, and is suited in every way tc -;the general run of farm work. Not too large for the .small farm, yet large enough to handle a great volumeof work. TsrUse it with an Oliver Plow', l1 We recommend that you use an Oliver plow withyour Titan tractor because it means the best plowingunder all conditions. The combined rolling coulterand jointer buries all trash and weeds at the bottomof the furrow; the stop device maintains an even depthof furrow; the plow points enter and leave the groundfirst, making it possible to plow clear to the ends of thefield; and the trip rope control operates easily fromthe driver's seat on the tractor. vWe have a full line of Oliver plows as well as the-vTitan tractor here at our salesroom.C. S. BALL GARAGE;KjP:?Wilmoth'sThe Carlisle, School brd has announced selection of ProL F. M. Carter superintendent of the city schoolstoTeucceed ?.!?&, R. ean Squires,Marfth.7. PEof..Sauires. recently resigned And will engage in t armingatndhomeejCKLittTeJRUk, inBourbon. cOuiily '"Prof. Carter is ao.wirincipal3ofthe Cai-lisle Bigh SchoolO - - iOOH VKRTlNft "gTABtE INTO MOBEEN GAEAGE.Forest Buchaan arid Allie Rowlandhave, leased the big brick stable atthe corner of Main anu oeuuu,street, known as the Dan Turnedstable, and are converting it into amodern garage with concrete muuioand other modern conveniences.For one man who flees temptationand burns his bridges behind j him .99out of 100 will blaze the trail back.FreshHomeSBaked Breads,Cakes, Piesf Etc.DailyFreshMeats,Roasts3teaks,hops, Fancy Goods.FamousCoffees ancl TeasGEoTwTDAvisnFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 293 5Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.WILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376New Toll Rate Effective January21st, 1919 ::,Order No. 2495 of the Telegraph and Telephone AdmfnlrtfKllomissued by the PoBtynaster General at Washington, December 13t, a wmr.toll rate is ordered effectiye Januarry 21, 1919.AnnAn)fn r nni IntA'rnrAta.tffYn nf thin nrdfr th tnll ra.tA -mM.classified as follows: The day rate applies between the hour of 4:$t am. ana :du p. m. - , . j i'v3Night rate between 8:0 ana is midnight lor Btauon-to-statMMtSilgvo vuij, ouau ira vv'u""w "" Jk' v w .mjAnother night rate between-12 midnight and 4:30 a. m. saall toVroxiin&t'elyS per cent: leu than the iay Tater but so jajcht raW 1Person-to-neraon meaaases shall Deannroxiniatelyi. 25 sarhigher than atation-to-station ratet. lAppointment calls shall be approximately 50 per cent, feigfctr taCalls which require service of a messenger shall take thement rate, plus'cottof messnger;fee. 'A report charge of approximatly 25 per cent, of the statloa-liation rate will he maae on ail person-to-person caus wea in i-jin not in or will not talk or if DrtT callinsr is out when connecUod lapleted within one hour after filing time. fLParis Home Telephone & Telgraph ti3J. J. VEATCH,District Xanaeer(Imcoffontted.)Z-f-w. Hr CAinroir.local Xaiajgc 'ttt '3' 1I: ni:iii yHImiiiJtfJT'ItfI13!Vr1 1 i,1mTiti.i itIt?V;iiiiThiII.:0 2r ,nf1 'PAGE FOUXTHE BOUMOH , JtiEWSAlS, : JtMTUdT" !FRIDAY, MAKCHT 7, 119.' WOMEN'S ACTIVITIES... ,The Progressive Culture Club heldits regular meeting in the Club roomsyesterday, taking for the programsubject, 'Thomas Nelson Page." Thefollowing program was observed:'Thomas'' Nelson Page," Mrs. Meng;Reading-t-"Th'e Burial of The Guns,!.Mrs. Bacon; Civilian Relief Work,Mrs. J. T. Sharrard.North Middletown Woman's Club,March 7.KENTUCKY WOMENIn Early History Mrs. Will Gay.' In Work of Recent Years Mrs.Magnus Rash.Reading Mrs. Wiggs of the Cab"bage Patch Mrs. J. W. Young, Jr.Bpurbon Art Club, March 8.The Renaissance In Italy Mrs.Woodford.Masters of Italian RenaissanceMiss Evans. $The Unique City of Venice.Roll Call Current Events.Carlisle; "The Prolouge," I II; TheDebate, HI-XXXII; The Speeches ofElihu, XXXn XXXVH; The VoiceProm the Whirlwind, XXXVHXLIL; The Epilogue, XLII: 7-17;Leader, Miss Tipton.RELIGIOUS.RED CROSS EXPLAINS, IN LETTERTO MRS. DAVIS.Attention Knitters!Garments for refugees in demandscarfs, shawls and stockings. Callon Miss Owens for a supply of year.Millersburg Twentieth CenturyClub, March 15.Roll Call Club Notes.Current Opinion, March."Persons In the Foreground"Miss McClintock.Music Miss Gaines.Drama Mrs. Jones.Science and Discovery Mrs.Smith.Hostess Miss Gaines, at M. C.Parlors.Despite the very Inclement weather of yesterday, there was a very.good attendance at the meeting ,pfthe" Paris literary Club. The program rendered was upon the subject "Job," as follows: "The Greatest Literary Creatjon of History,"Louisville, Ky., March 1, 1919.Mrs. Owen Davis,Paris, KyfMyjiear Mrs. Davis:I nave wired to Cleveland to sendyou 1,000 cut garments and a letterto-day states that they have sent you900 chemises 14 yr size and 100 10yr. I presume they will be in yourworkroom the first of the week if youhave not already received them.The Lake Division has received thisweek a quota of half a million garments to be finished by May 15.Kentucky's share is 85,000. Fromthis you can understand how muchyour re-organization and "carryingon" means to me. Please push thework as fast as possible 'and let meknow the first minute you can acceptmore work as it is better to get yourorder in ahead so that there will be nolapse in the work. The only way tofill this big quota is by having everyone do everything in her power tohelp, a&d I am sure you are doingthat.Cordially yours,LIDA HAFFORD,Superintendent Chapter ProductionFor Kentucky.Rev. Dr. B. B. Bailey, of Maysville, will assist Rev. R. C. Goldsmith, of the Paris Baptist church inholding a two-weeks' revival meetingat the Paris church in June.Rev. Dr. Frank J. Cheek of Danville, will preach at both morningand evening services at the Presbyterian church, Sunday. Miss MaryDan Harbison will sing and specialmusic will be rendered by the choir.Sunday school at 9:30 a. m., Christian Endeavor meets at 6:30 p. m.Mr. J. R. Black, of Louisville,State Sunday School Secretary, andother workers In the Baptist church,will take part in a Sunday Schooland B. Y. P. U. Institute, to be conducted at the Baptist church, inParis, beginning next Sunday andcontinuing through the week. Services will be held day and night.SERVICE AND GUALITYTURES AT HARRIS& DALE'S.PEA-THEFRANKFORTPUTTER CO,Have moved the Creamery Station toThe Busy BeeCash StoreTop prices and a squae deal atall times. A trial will convinceyou.One of the most pleasing featuresof the Harris & Dale restaurant, atNo. 718 Main street, is the quickservice and quality of the food' served. Short orders, and all kinds ofrestaurant features make our placean-inviting one to a hungry person.(It) HARRIS & DALE.0LOCAL OIL CONCERN ACQUIRESNEW HOLDINGS.The entire holdings of the HimyarOil Company in the Ross Creek oilfields of Estill county have passedinto the control of the Bourbon Oil& Development Co. and the Co-operatingLand & Development Co., ofthis city by purchase. The local con-j cern thus acquires seven good, producing wells and the entire equip.The purchase of a lease" of twelveand one-half acres of -valuable oilland in the Big Sinking district in,Lee county, has also been announcedby the Co-operative Land & Development Co., for a price said to havebeen very close to $15,000. Thecompany reports bringing in WellNo. 1 on the Gibson lease in Elliottcounty. This well is running fromtwo to five barrels of oil a day.Following an appeal by the Rev.R. C. Goldsmith, pastor of the ParisBaptist church and a 1913 graduateof College, $618 was raised amongthe students and professors of theGeorgetown College, for the supportof a missionary in China. The missionary, the Rev. Wm. Stout, hasbeen supported in the foreign fieldfor several years by the College,The Ruddles Mills Christianchurch will hold services every second and fourth Sunday, both morning and evening. The Sunday Schoolwill open again the second Sundayin April, at ten o'clock a. m. Sunday, March 9, Rev. Daniel Murphy,of Carter county, who is a Mountain Missionary, will be with thechurch. Rev. Murphy is known tothe pastor as an excellent preacher.Rev. Murphy, as a guitar player,singer, orator, brings to the churcha rare treat. The church extends ahearty welcome to all, especially returned soldiers.HSCAL COURT PROCEEDINGS..The March term of the BourbonFiscal Court convened in the CountyCourt room in the court house yesterady. Judge George BatteTtonpresided, with the following Magistrates present: Thomason, Burris,Talbott, Stephenson, Wiggins, Shropshire and Turner.The report of "County Road Engineer Ben F. Bedford for the monthof February was read, received andfiled. " . : '.A large number of claims againstthet county were allowed and orderedpaid. ' 'Ordered that County Treasurer S.E. Bedford borrow the sum of'$4000 from the Hamilton Fund for useof the Turnpike Fund, and executehis note for same, payable January1, 1920,' to bear six per cent, interest from date until paid.The committee appointed to settlewith the Sheriff and County Treasurer reported that said settlementhad been made, and submitted same,which were accepted and approved bythe Court. ' " .Mrs. Harriet P. Minaker, VisitingNurse for the Bourbon CountyHealth and" Welfare League, filed herreport for the year 1918, which wasapproved and filed.The bid of the Brandeis Machinery& Supply Co. for furnishing thecounty with rock crusher, compressor, air receiver and motor was accepted by the Court.?FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSi' 4"tiI We Are Now ShowingtEarly Spring ModelssWolf, Wile & Co.LEXINGTON, KENTUCKYcAnnouncingiNew Spring Stylesj-'INs.SuitsCoatsSkirtsDressesWaistsSweatersA',v 3fvrT.Hy&)Great: :"ifi l'i&iJ. .. j.t : - '- v,0 f. iLi-Spring Exposftion JofMillineryi-mWol Wile C, 3o.LEXINGTON, KENTUCKY3; t t. j.The Christian Observer says:"One of the important matters thatwill come before the next meeting ofthe General Assembly, at New Orleans, in May, will be the report ofthe committee appointed to conferwith a similar committee of theNorthern Presbyterian churchy concerning federation and union. TheSouthern General Assembly has placed itsejf on. record as favoring federation of all Presbyterian bodies rather than organic union of the Northern and Southern churches,"Rev. G. R. Combs, pastor of tb,0Paris Methodist chun, iS preparing aseries of spec&l sermons, which hewill deliver during March and April,at the church in the morning. Heis making an earnest pleathat everymember of the congregation attendthese services. The subjects of hissermons and the dates on which theywill be delivered follow:March 9th "An Old Law With aNew Meaning."March 16th "How to Open Heaven's Windows." , . ,March 23rd "The CompellingPower of Vision."March 30th "The Sin Christ Condemned Most."April 6 th "Hyphenated Christians." April 13th "Who Can Finish theJob?"BOOTLEGGER HELD OVERGRAND JURY.TOIn Millersburg last Sunday Chiefof Police Linville raided a house belonging to Joe Taylor, colored, onsuspicion of his having liquor in hispossession for purposes of sale inlocal option territory. In the housethe Chief found three quarts ofwhisky, an assortment of dice, sevendecks of playing cards, all adjacentto or close Jn the vicinity of a pileof money in nickles and dimesamounting to three dollars in hardmoney. There were evidences thatth room had lately been used forother purposes than for conductinga Billy Sunday meeting, but ChiefLinville had no authority to take!Taylor on any other chargerTaylor was given a hearing in theCounty Court yesterday before.County Judge George Batterton onA charge of bootlegging, and the evidence proving convincing, Judge Batterton held him over to the Marchterm o the Bourbon Circuit Courtin the sum of $300. Failing to furnish this .Taylor was sent to jail toawait investigation of his case by thegrand jury. This was Taylor's second offense.INrEVENING DRESSESDINNER DRESSESSPRING SUITSSPRING COATSBaptist Church Services.Rev. J. R. Black, State Secretaryof Sunday School work, will speak atthe morning and evening services.The third series of illustrated pictures, which are proving so popularand interesting, will be shown atthe evening service, illustrating thesong, "There Were Ninety andNine."Sunday School at 9:30; B. Y. U.U. at 6 o'clock.Baptist Training School.A Training School will be heldat the Paris Baptist church, beginning Sunday and continuing throughthe week until Friday night. StateSecretary Black and assistants will,conduct daily classes, and speak eachevening upon various topics connected with Sunday Schools and B.Y. P. U. work. The evening addresswill be of a popular nature and willbe of interest to all Sunday Schooland Young Peoples' workers in Paris.This address will be given at '"8:30each evening.r Lunch will be served each eveningat 7 o'clock for all those taking theclass work.The daily program is as follows:5:45 to 6:00 Devotional. ,6:00 to .7:00 Classes.7:00 to 7:30 Lunch.7:30 to 8 J 30 Classes.7:30 to ft: 00 PopularIon Sunday School and B.work.. VaddressesY, . XL- : IA mass-meeting and- .open, -rallywill be held Sunday af temoon at 3o"clock. . Secretary Black will streak."VESPER HOUR" AH' Y. 'M;' C.SUOTAY APTERNOOK.A.The- attraction a the Y "M. C. A.'on next Sunday: afternoon ""will be '&"Yesper Hourv'fof the members ofthe Paris High .School Study Cluband-their boy friends. This meetingwill be held in the lobby at 4:00 pm., after the close of the massineetJng -tc be. held in the Onera Housefor "the Bourbon - county- - soldiers'jnemorial fund. "-J!Miss Patsy Clarke and Mr. A. 'EvBuesehlewill give piano and- sjoduets and Mr. L. F. Zeffoss (famll-jiarly known to Kentucky Hign:School boys as "Dad") will talk cjathe subject of "Jesus, the Leaden"Favorite songs from the Boys' Hymnal will keused. . " 4. Both Mr. Will&rd and Mr. Demn-sey BMrY mey nave never; ,nit a usahMETHODIST CENTENARY AN IMPORTANT MOVEMENT ,The Great Missionary Centenaryprogram of the Methodist Churchwhich is commanding the attention ofthe religious world is rapidly gainingmomentum as the time draws near forthe raising of millions of dollars inan eight day drive.The organization in the local churchis fast crystalizing. Sunday morning,Rev. G. R. Combs, nominated Mr.Dennis V. Snapp, as Chairman of theMinute men, who in turn will'selectlaymen and laywomen to present theCentenary at all church services fromnow until the campaign closes onApril 22. It is estimated that therewiir be over 50,000 laymen speakingon this subject every Sunday in thesoutnern Metnoaisi tnurcnes. jThe following men will make threeminute talks this week at the variousservices of the church:To-night, Feb, 5 Prayer Meeting'..Mr. N. H. Eckler.'v . vSunday, Feb. 9 Sunday School Mr.Raymond Ingels.Sunday, Feb, 9 Morning , Worshipftlr. H. A. Power.Sunday, Feb. fir Epworth LeagueMr. C. R. Alexander.SundayJ Feb. 9 Evening WorshipMr.- E. H. Bradley -. - ,Never before in the .history of areligious denomination has there beenknown such unity as is back of theMissionary Centenary with' its financial goal of -$35,000,000. Fromthe very outset the ' need and theamount have never" oe'en Challengedexcept upward.In -vjew of the fact that so muchmoney, had been raised in the UnitedStates for war purposes, and moreet to be raised, the Centenary leaderswrote President as to the advisibilityof launching this great campaign for juijosiuuo. jLue jrxesiueut t part replied: "I entirely agree with you inregard to the missionary work. Ithink it would be a real .misfortune oflasting consequence,'if the 'missionaryprogram for the 'work should -be interrupted." .-- . . '. The amount to be-'hfisedf by -theParis Methodist "Church. has not yetbeen alloted.'-"----- o . ,; BEST QUALITY SEEDS. ?- Highest quality Red Clovtr,Aklkt, Timothy, ! Snd Oits,Cotton Sd Mtal. 'CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.5(feb-14-tf) , . r .- o ;) ! ?vr :2 jNEW "PAHENTS" POE FRENCH-. WAB OBPttANS.: . .rDolmansCapesCrepe de Chene and Voile Blousesv- J&andSkirtsFRANK & CO.LADIES OUTFITTERSCONTBIBTJTOBS TO WAR DRIVESNOT TAXED.. New "parents" who have adoptedPrench. war" orphans -"during! .tnelmonth of February jarei lifted -in .a report furnished by Mrs. A. B. Hancock, of Paris, as ollo.ws,: . -VMrs. P. D. Avenef ,Sejcr'e,t!ary t othe Baptist Church Association,'Winchester, 1 ; Mrs. v Ben Ardery,Paris, 1; R. P5ffu'tV "Georgetown,rithalL-their strength. Feerlh lj Kenneth D. Alexander, Spring.figfit fanaemayftake' "th'fgSjnSrjbaW Station, ; Junior Red Cross, Society,Contributions which may be deducted in computing the net incomeof an individual taxpayer include notonly donations to incorporated institutions which are not incorporated,Collector of Internal Revenue Elwood,Hamilton said. Contributions to WarChest funds, War Camp Communityfunds, and similar funds which wereraised solely for organizations supporting and furthering war relief,are likewise. deductible items on personal returns, within the limit named' in the law.' All gifts and deductions to churches are deductable, it being held bythe bureau that every- church constitutes a religious corporation or association for the purpose of this deduction. Donations to. missionary funds.church building funds, or for churchactivities, which are intended for thefurtherance of church work, constitute deductible items.There can be no departure from therestrictions defined in the law, thatthe deductibility is limited to contributions to institutions no part of theearnings of which insures to the benefit of any private stockholder or individual and that the total deductionmay not exceed 15 per cent of thetaxpayer's net income as computedwithout the benefit of this deduction.Asother good thing about the present style is that an awkward- mancannot step on a lady's skirt, unlesshe walks in her lap.Fifty one-story portable steelbuildings have been provided by theRed Cross for the earthquake victima 'in Porto Rico.PUBLIC SALEOFfNorth Middletown Residence!on. Mainthereon &PossessionHaving decided to move to Paris to reside permanently, I will sellat public auction, on the premises in North Middletown, onTHURSDAY, MARCH 13, 1919,beginning at 10 o'clock, my desirable hone. Also, a 5-acre tract ofland and a parcel of land opposite from H. S. Garwood's new home thelast two named tracts facing on College Street. Jeacriptions follow below:. No. 1 My substantial- two-tory frame residence locatedStreet, containing 6 rooms, 2 halls, pantry, etc. The lot has.good well, necessary outbuildings, with yard and garden,will be given about May.l, 1919. 'No. 2 The beautiful buliding lot on College Street, opposite.the handsome home of H. S. Caywood and others, and adjoiningthe property of J. C. Bryan and L. R. Henry. This lot has" thereon aStorage Bhed under rental to R. M. Gilkey until January lt 1920, the?said rental money to go toipurchaser from sale day. ,.. p "This lot vill be offered-in two equal tracts- and then- as a whole..The fracts separately wilf each have a frontage on College' Street ofabout 77 feet. Possesson of the lot, less the shed mentioned above wiljl?e given on sale day. -i; N6. 3 -Tract of about 5 acres 'of land facing on College Street, op-rposite from K. C. & B. College, and, ad joining the property nf-W.1 A.Thomasoa and J. C. Bryan. This is, a' beautiful building site.oad.will befirst offered in three parcels and then as a whole, the best bid: or bids- tobe accepted, eah having ample frontage on College Street, and divided asfollows:. . -, .., . . -.,.;- .The flr?t tract adjoins W. A. Thomason" and contains-about-2 acree Qfland, good stock barn, water, etc. i - . - : ,Second tract contains about one and one-1iaIf adreagood pool '-of i w,ter,adjoins above- tract: " . -The third trae contains about,' one ait'd' one-half acres of lamd? ai-juiuius j. j. xryjui. xaa guoa pooi oi .water taereon. .'i.'l. jTBRMS Made, known on dasofaale.' '" " ' .' h.of. .land, with.TiMivm r iim ,-ga.t' For'-Mrt.-Ki Bfe.tioa for what it is 'worfh.T -1; A. '!; "Ferguson,-Georgetown, 1.GEOr D..SP1?4K1CS, Autionesiv nFRIDAY, kARCH 7, 1919.THE BOTOBOH - HEWS, PUIS, Jan'ioCpiGiimcr. yotbM m JFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSETOBACCO FERTILIZER ANDTANKAGE.Swift's high gradt TobaccoFertilizer; also Swlgt's DigesttrTankage (60 protein) for hogs.It pays to use them.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(raar-7-tf)oA BA&GAIN.Fels-Naptha Soap, at saven cents alaar.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.SOCIAL Aim PERSONAL.roomings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Miss Macie Talbott is ill with in-UUCUZitUSCHOLARSHIP NAMED TOE CAPT.BEUBEN HUTCHCEAPTTribble returneda visit to friendsCANDY PTJLLING.An old-fashioned candy pullingwill be given at seven o'clock this(Friday) evening, at the Baptistchurch, by the members of MissionCircle No. 1, of the church, of whichMrs. J. T. Tucker is leader. Oldfashioned candy will be served at"the small sum of ten cents, onedime,'' per plate.WAR MOTHERS, EEGISTER!Between the hours of one and fouro'clock any afternoon, the office offho T?pfl flross Home Service in theBourbon-Agricultural Bank- building,at the comer of Main and Broadway,will be open for the registration of"War Mothers" of Bourbon county.The call is a most urgent one.Please respond promptly.oSOMETHING NEW IN" THE RESTAURANT HNE.Harris & Dale are now operatingan ice cream parlor in connectionwith their popular and well-appointedrestaurant, 718 Main streetThey use Hughes' excellent icecream. Everything neat .and sanitary. , dt)INSURANCE.Fire, Tornado, Lightning,Automobile and Hail.YERKES & PEED.(janl4-tf)!SOME SPORT.Bourbon county sportsmen reportan abundance of wild ducks in thecounty, and having great sport shooting them. The return of the ducksji V10 Tipnr annroach ofspring, as they are returning fromtheir Southern haunts.While dining in a Paris restaurant yesterday THE NEWS man overheard a Bourbon county iai -"another that he had three wild ducksfor supper Wednesday for his family,as a result of a visit to a nearbycreek. Others told of seeing severalwild ducks on ponds in their vicinity.REST QUALITY SEEDS.Highest quality Red Clover,JUsikt, Timothy, Seed Oats,Cttton Seed Meal.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.feb-14-tf)oCHEAPER BUTTER MUST AWAIT1 A prominent Paris grocer, onewhbse business in the course of ayear, deals largely nu""' Jduce, was asked yesterday by THENEWS man if there was a prospectof butter, that desirable' table food,becoming cheaper soon. He replied:tttii t RAcms to me, from whatCircuit. Clprlr wm TT txtWkv. to t-n.Louisville on business.eturned from a visit to friends inouuiiuiu,Mrs. H. C. Mann continuescritically ill at her home in Collegexliu Aaaiuon.Mrs. L. M.Wednesday fromin Cincinnati.ill for several days at her home onDuncan avenue.Miss Jessie Rose, of Paris, is aguest of her cousin, Miss Lila Roberts, iu uyuiuiana.Mrs. Wm. Gr. McClintock has returned from a trip to Mrs. E. M.Edgar, in Chicago.Mrs. Lawrence Price has returned from a visit toN her mother, Mrs..UUU.U. ..SA.U V U( . UUUUVUVKiMr. vol Ferguson nas returneafrom a visit to Mr. and Mrs. JamesFerguson, at Gallion, Alabama.Mr. and Mrs. Jesse M. Alversonhave as guest at their home nearthis city Mrs. J. K. Nunnelley, ofGeorgetown.Mrs. Frank Walker, of Eminence, is the guest of her parents,Mr. and Mrs. Douglas Thomas, Sr.,in East Paris.Mr. Ollie Swim returned Wednesday from Cincinnati, where hewas called by the death of his brother, Mr. Wm. Swim, aged forty.Mrs.Jos. M. Rion, who underwentan operation at the Massie MemorialMospital, Tuesday, was reported yesterday as being slightly improved.Mrs. Freeman Simms has returned from Brooksville. Bracken county.where she has been nursing MissMargaret Wood, an influenza patient. Mrs. Tillie Quisenberry, whohas been residing in Winchester forseveral years, has returned to Paristo make tnis city ner nome in mefuture,tvi T?.rtwnWl Simms has arrivedfrom Beaumont, Texas, for a visit tohis sister, Miss Lucy simms, on eunnd strflfiL and to look after his landed estate in this county.Mr. Charles f. iviann nas ctum-with Mrs. Mann, who is recovering!from the effects of an opera uw i-j3 J. .1.1.. "NT...... Ta).A floiuieu a.t tut? jLvituu mmuiiujr.Mr and Mrs. Bowen Tate andMrs. Rebecca Gass, who have been residing in Denver, Colorado, will return to KentucKy aDout tn& iaat uithis month. Mr. and Mrs. Tate willoccupy their old home place nearShawhan.Mr. Walter S. Weller, of theWestinghouse Electric Co., of Pittsburg, Pa., was a visitor here Wednes-,.. -kit- wviAr lield a consultationi a.j . .- -- ,with Mayor January in reiereue luthe city establishing a municipallighting plant.Mrs. Nannie Clark, Mr. andMrs. James McClure, Airs, aamWillis and Mrs. White varaen, uiParis, attended the funeral and bur-z-i Mr. ' flan-rtr "N. KohlaSS. inWinchester. Mrs. Clark remained fora visit of several weeks to friends.Among the week's visitors inLexington were Mrs. Vol Ferguson,ht. -do-o- Tnvinr Mrs. Hume Payne,Misses Martha and Matilda Ferguson,Mrs. Harry Linville, Mrs. Howard B.Carr, Mrs. Mope wieaeiuauu vMiss Rosa Lee Oberdorfer. .Mr. Wm. R. Harper, formerly ofParis, has resigned his position in tiieCommercial Garage at Irvine, Hehas accepted a similar one with theBuckhanan & Rowland Garage, soonto be opened in .rariB, m me awwcformerly occupied by the -late J. U.Boardman, a the corner of Secondand Main streets.Mrs. Lida B. Conway, who. hasrecently returned from a visit to herbrother, Mr. Haroia jonnsou, iu v,ulumbus, Ohio, is in receipt of a let-ototino- that. Mr. and Mrs. Johnson and their two children havebeen seriously ill from influenza.Mr. Frank Daugherty was aguest in this city several days thisweek of his motner, ima. v,ui .Miss Sallie Ashbrook, of Cynthiana,has endowed a named perpetualscholarship in Transylvania Collegein memory of captain iteuDen meuiTTnfp.Tip.raft.. Jr.. of Paris, who fell inaction on the western front, November 6. Capt, Hutchcraft was analumnus of Transylvania, and madeone of the best records ior scnoiarship in the recent history of the college, being equally capable in suchsubjects as mathematics, philosophy,English and foreign languages.It will be recalled that CaptainHutchcraft fell while leading hismen beyond Chemery on the road toSedan. Throughout his militaryrareer. as in civil life, he exhibitedthe flneBt qualities of heroism, anathe scholarship endowed Dy missAshbrook is considered a symbol ofhis devotion to the highest form ofservice.asvssg.-ggvgs5yaawiM'1tyjyJ!::::IXiGET OUR PRICES FIRST.Do not buy anything in theClothing line until you set myprices. .ML. WOLLSTEIN,tff Clothing Department.r()AT THE PAEIS GRAND ANL THEALAMO.To-day, Friday, March 7 The Cupid's Revue Co., in "Simon At TheBeach;" Ethel Clayton, in "Woman'sWeapons;" Pearl White, in "TheLightening Raider;" Hearst NewsFeature. One show, starting at i :Jup. m. Van Leeuwe Orchestra.To-morrow, Saturday, iviarcn o.ThP CnniA'a Revue Company, in musical tabloid, "Simon At The Camp;"Madge Kennedy, m "A .feriect ady;" Smiling Bill Parsons, in "APair of Pink Pajamas;" CurrentEvents. Van Leeuwe.Monday, March 9 Dustin Farnumin "Capt. Courtesy;" James Montgomery Flagg Comedy, "Tell That ToThe Marines;" Burton Holmes Travelogue. Van Leeuwe Orchestra.For Salegoodsale.Two Sewing Machines inorttinn Left with us forAt a bargain, if sold at once.SINGER SEWING MACHINE CO.,(lt) 211 Main Stret.Executrix' Notice !All persons having claims againstthe eBtate of Thomas Henry Clay,Jr. are hereby requested to presentthem properly proven, as requiredby law, to the undersigned executrix, for payment.An nersons knowing themselvesindebted to the estate of the saidmvmno TTnTiTv p.iav. .ir.. are reaueat-ed to make prompt and full settle--ment or sucn inaeDusuucaa mi. .MRS. THOS. HENRY CLAY, JR.,Executrix Thos. Henry Clay, Jr.(7-3t)Siurtonsigottfectioncry StoreIJ5 Successor to Adami& banti.0 -hrxma. in Philadelnhia. iromCalifornia, where he had been onbusiness for the ship-building firmwith which he is connected. mAmnntr the nrominent business visitors in Paris recently wereHon. James G. cecn, ot wuvny,candidate for the Democratic nomination for Commissioner of Agriculture and Mr. Silas Shelbourne, ofLexington, one of the busy tobaccomen of that city, and President C.n woi,0v of tha Millersburg College.. i-iouw," - -, VMrs. Owen J-. uavib wm uhostess at her -home on Pleasantstreet, to-morrow (Friday) afternoon at two o'clock, to the membersof Jemima Johnson Chapter, Amen- (can Daughters of the American Rev- :olution. At this meeting delegates tothe Continental Congress to be heldat Washington, D. C, will be elected.we. - -r -, fQ ofT can gather, tnat iue yiuBvW week ot nis mumw, xD. v"":" .-iawrly decline in the price of but- Daugherty, at her home on ML Airy!?- !:l Lint where it will revert avenue. Mr. Daugherty was en routefrom its present status of practicallya table luxury, to that of a- notunexpected sight at meals, dependsupon the coming of spring with itsgrassy fields. An average price offifty-five cents per Pounds for butterfat paid by the nutter "ia"";"ers with the retail price. of butterabout sixty-seven cents per poundand milk costing about twenty centsper quart, compels the dealers to lookto the by-proaucts iwy ;ytell me. The cost of feeding cattlewill be reduced by spring, and a return to the normal price is expectedwhTn Le grassy pasture lands lowerthe present 'high cost of Irving' ofthe cows."The effort being made throuekoutthe country to induce exi -rS1Tp& their goods morentially. is ujaKtag Jf0'cording to a-statemen tmMHby Agent Colllver, at a meeting pith local express forces, under theKtt Better. Service Cam-Sri- and mmerptattherrentatlve, of the Amer-peaxajuAs i rvice has beenturned over to the service "" .noUceable, and the express agent exZ!&Txon -the -um-Cr. afciwkente entr to 'Jlo MrJt,foAom of Ok HPMB. "'Florida FruitsBox CandiesAoTvii'a "RVmwns Recipe forun making delicious Ice Cream,Soda water ana mixeuDrinks still used.Bulk Ice Cream(Made from Pure Cream)delivered for home use.1 Fancy Ices for PartiesFor the BEST, Se Us.FfPK BURTONAGENT FOB M.IB0ID-AKD SONADA CIGAES .mMavU'XitWBBmmWINSin?OMELY PRETTYSuits and Goats!You'll find it pleasant to review such a wellselected showing. The styles are enticing fortheir beauty and value-attractiveness.Choosing from our displays means exercisinggood judgment.siDolmans, Capes, Suits, Coats,Dresses, Waists, Skirtsand MillinerjrHARRYM224-228 West Main St., Lexington, Ky;Main Street, Paris, Ky.TOBACCO COTTONAA 6c yd. AAA 7c yd.At-HarrySim.one.;lWfMflJust Received Tor OurBid CASH SALEKaltexRockersandChairsAll At20 DiscountNo ChairMade WearsLike TheseAnd just thinkyon get them at20 DiscountXsKWJU-"tl'i.tl.ggff! - .U1 1 i ' ' -Ifi-MUl ,E.l.UL,feFLkrs'lJii11919 Opening Spring Wneryf riday, March 14th ", Will Be Unofually Attractive"Newxclusive models, graceful and smart, will.ymaketttiisshwing one of great interest to you;URS. MAMIE PARKERXdr. Mate awl Filth Sis. Paris, Kentuckyi ...EsHiftThisMayflowerPuritanPhonographySells regularly everywhere at $125.00. It isin the Big Cash Sale at100.00RUGS!Don't fail to buy yourRugs now, when youcan set them at muchless;Every Rug at20 DiscountOur sales so far h&e been very large. We faiow wegive the best values. ,fnEJ. t- HINTQN COJMOTOR HEARSE -:Mof OR lNVAUDXOAC--USPERTAK!fGeitp:herpmpcSICTH AND MAIN STS.TV.I X.jiUmt'$&,-rv;VC,,,ViI!it a11 "!il; 14 i1!JV ;?!I:1!ir1jS1:M MuH 1 11 1 1 Itfflan " "' ,jssnmAGE SIXTHE BOUBBON HEWS.-r -PABIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, MARCH 7, 1919."1-UARAMTEED TO SAT1SFYour Nose KnowsAll smoking: tobaccos use some flavoring. TheEncyclopaedia Britannica says about the manufacture of smoking tobacco, "... on the Continentand in America certain 'sauces' are employed . . . theuse of the 'sauces' is to improve the flavour andburning" qualities of the leaves."Tuxedo uses chocolate the purest, most wholesome and delicious of all flavorings! Everybodylikes chocolate we all know that chocolate addedto anything as a flavoring always makes that thingstill more enjoyable. That is why a dash of chocolate,added to the most carefully selected and properlyaged hurley tobacco, makes Tuxedo more enjoyable"Your Nose Knows"Try This Test: Rub a little Tuxedo brisklyin the palm of your hand to bring out its fullaroma. Then smell it deep its delicious, purefragrance will convince you. Try this testwith any other tobacco and we will let Tuxedostand or fall on your judgment"our Nose Knows"fJSxedoTT The Perfect Tobacco for Pipe and Cigarette. Guaranteed bjrSWWWSJ.W (NCOOPORATED .ftHOTICE EROM BUREAU OF INTERNAL REVENUE."Wlille the Bureau of InternalRevenue is sending to every countyin the United States experts to aid inthe making out of income tax returns, it is not to he supposed thatthese officers are to relieve taxpayers altogether of their duty in thisrespect' said Collector of InternalSIMWH UPSET?Get at the Real Cause Take Dr.Edwards Olive Tablets ,That's what thousands of stomachsufferers are doing now. Instead oftaking tonics, or trying to patch up apoor digestion, they are attacking thereal cause of the ailment' clogged liverand disordered bowels.Dr. Edwards' Olivs Tablets arouse theliver in a soothing, healing way. Whenthe liver and bowels are performingtheirnatural functions, away goes indigestionf gfrrrnrh troubles.If you hsve a bad taste in yourmouth, tongue coated, appetite poor,lazy, don't-care feeling, no ambition orenergy, troubled -with undigested foods,you should take Olive Tablets, the substitute for calomel.Dr. Edwards Olive Tablets are apurely vegetable compound mixed witholive oiL You will know them by theirolive color. They do the work withoutgriping, cramps or pain.Take one or two at bed time for quickrelief, so you can eat what you like.JM 10c and 25c per box. All druggistBig Special!i" f9 f .t10 Pound BacketfPureLard$2.50Revenue Hamilton. "Many persons,without even taking the trouble toglance over the forms, hand them tothe revenue officers expecting themto make out the complete return.This necessitates a number of questions as to which they may be inself can answer, such as' 'Were youin 1918 married and living with wifeor husband?'"Taxpayers are urged to read carefully the instructions and fill in theforms to the best of their ability,leaving to the experts only such questions as to whicht hey may be indoubt."On each form, is printed the following: 'If you need assistance go toa deputy collector or to the collector's, but first read instructions andfill out this sheet in pencil as well asyou can.'"By heeding this advise taxpayerswill save themselves and the Govern-;ment much time and trouble."oTRY THIS FOR SPUE STOMACH.Eat slowly, masticate your foodthoroughly. Eat but little meat andnone at all for supper. If you arestill troubled with sour stomach takeone of Chamberlain's Tablets beforegoing to bed. (adv)(adv)mar)CONGRESS DEBATES LEAGUE OFNATIONS.WASHINGTON, March 6. AfterSenator Sherman, of Illinois, Republican, had delivered an address in theSenate Monday sharply attacking theLeague of Nat'ons and President Wilson, Senator McCumber, of NorthDakota, a Republican member of theForeign Relations Committee, tookthe floor and urged that the UnitedStates become a party to a leaguefor preserving world peace.Senator McCumber urged aamendment of the league of charter so thatthere could be no possibility of anysurrender of American sovereignty orthe Monroe Doctrine. The Senatoreplored some recent criticisms by Republican Senators, declaring manyof the arguments were "far fetched."Senator McCumber said he had notintended to d:scuss the league, butthat because of recent addresses byRepublican Senators he feared thecountry "might be misled into theidea" that all Republicans are opposed to a league of any character.Some Republican Senators, he conceeded, are opposed to any world.agreement.Depicting the horrors of war. Senator McCumber added:"I cannot stand back and say, 'Oh,let the world be damned; we cantake care of ourselves.'"There is some obligation restingon the American people to helpmaintain the peace of the world."Referring to the recent aattack onthe league by Senator Poindexter, ofWashington, Republican, Mr. McCumber said the Washington Senatorproclaimed, "Mind our own business"as the American doctrine.Senator McCumber critcized thoseopponents of the proposed leaguecharter who have advanced no substitute plan. Stating that SenatorsLodge and Knox had proposed substitutes, he added:"Others have simply attackedwithout giving the President or ourcommissioners in Europe the slightest idea of what should be done tomaintain the peace of the world."Granting that the proposed leagueconstitution was not perfect, Mr.McCumber said he believed that theAmerican representatives could andwould secure amendments.Denying statements of other Republicans that the Executive Councilof the league would have authority tosay which nations should declare warand which should not, Senator McCumber said that the council woulddo nothing but advise in that respect,the questions going back to the nations affected.Vigorously denying that the constitution required the submission of internal questions for arbitration, Senator McCumber said, "one must beprejudiced indeed to draw a conclusion of that character."Reading from a printed copy of theconstitution the North Dakota Senator said opponents of the constitutionhad omitted to say that provision waslade for submission of such questionsto "arbitration or inquiry" and addedthat there could be no doubt that theright of each nation to settle its owninternal affairs would remain.Replying to Senator Jones, ofWashington, Senator McCumber saidthat under the proposed constitutionthe question of excluding Japanese laborers from Government work wouldnot be a matter for arbitration, butmight be one of the many thingswhich could be submitted to inquiry.Discussing the dinner given byPresident Wilson to the Congressional Foreign Relation Committee, Senator McCumber said "that nothingcould have been more fair than President Wilson's presentation of thecase. He answered every questionfairly and justly. Any assault thathas been made upon him by Senatorsseems to me entirely unfounded."Denying that the President had saidthe United States musfc help GreatBritain if Ireland rebelled" after theLeague of Nations was founded, Sen-Lator McCumber declared that whatthe President did say was that if anyof the 'British dominions soucrht independence the matter would be considered a domestic one not subject to thejurisdiction of the league."Because the committees weretreated with absolute fairness," saidthe Senator, "we ought to treat ourhost the same way."-'-- ,1re d Nervous MothersShould Profit by the Experienceof These Two WomenBuffalo, N. T. "I am the mother of four children, and fornearly three years I suffered from a female trouble "with painsin my back and side, and a general weakness. I had professional attendance most of that time but did not seem toget welL As a last resort I decided to try Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound -which I had seenadvertised in the newspapers, and in two "weeks noticeda marked improvement. I continued its use and amnow free from pain and able to do all my housework." Mrs. B. B. Ztetjnska, 202 Weiss Street,Buffalo, N. T.vSometimes a girl doesn't realizewhat marriage means to her until shediscovers that her husband snores soloud he wakes the baby.oFor our part we are wondering ifour oil well will come in before weare all in.agiseaaiaawaiBfeg'-JtfJiiuuMStJiiPianwwTobaccoi , i . 31a ' aI CottonlaALLGRADESSee Us F-orThe BestPriceTwin Bros.Department StoreMflRGOLEN'SCascarets WorkWhile You SleepNo headache, biliousness, upset stomach or constipation tomorrowSpend 10 cents feel grand! Tonight take Cascarets to liven yourliver ond clean your bowels. Stopthe headaches, bilious spells, sourness, gases, coated tongue, badbreath, sallowness and constipation.Take Cascarets and enjoy 'the nicest,gentlest "inside, cleansing" you everexperienced. "Wake up feeling fine.Cascarets is best cathartic for children. Taste like candy. ' No disappointment! Thirty nillion boxes ofthis harmless cathartic are sold eachyear now. -, - u (adv)v o bGEN. BENNTET YOUNG'S WILL IS''; PROBATEDvip?Portland, Lid. "I had a displacement and sufferedso badly from it at times I could not be on my feetat all. I was all run down and so weak I could notdo my housework, was nervous and could not lieaown au nignu. cook Treatments uom a pnysicianhut they did not help me. Jay Aunt recommended.Lvdia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. 1 triedit and now I am strong and well again and doI 1- J3 T Z- TAi T? TX-lrU7uiy uwu yui&. auu. x give ajycua xu. jl nmnaiuaCompound the credit." Hrs. JosephineKimble, 935 West Race Street, Portland, Ind.IUIEvery Sick Woman Should TryLYDIA . PINKH AM SVEGETABLE COMPOUNDLYDJA E.P1NKHAM MEDICINE CO. LYNN. MASS.GOVERNMENT TO DO SOME ROADBUILDING.WASHINGTON, March 6. Approximately half a billion dollars willbe spent on highway construction during the coming season, giving employment to 100,000 men, according to anestimate by the Department of Agriculture, based on known Federalfunds available and a survey of thestate and municipal funds made at aconference to-day between SecretaryHuston and Representatives of thehighway departments of twenty-sevenstatesComplaint was made that existingfreight rates on road building materials and supplies were a serious impediment to full resumption of workaccompanied by Clarence Ously, assistant to Mr. Huston, representativesof the conference laid their requestfor lower charges before railroad administration officials. They werepromised a decision within ten days.As a general thing, the higher aman's brow is the harder it is to gethim to cut the wood.Make Use of OurTraction ExpressKy. Traction & Terminal Co.INTERUEBAN SCHEDULECARS LEAVELexington ForParisA. M. 6.00xA. M. 7:20A. M. 8:50A. M. 10:2011.50Paris ForLexingtonA. M. 6:45A. M.A. M.A. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.1:202:504:206:007:209:10A. M.A.P.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M. 11:00(x) Daily7:215x8:159:45M. 11:15M. 12:452:153:455:156:508:15P. M.P. M.P. M. 10:05except Sunday.KENTUCKY TRACTION AND TERMINAL COMPANYAetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityAnd OtherCasualtiesA. J. FEEAGENTi 'ILOUISVILLE, KY., March 6.P.ersonal property valued t $150,000and realty valued at $60,000 Was devised by thewill of General BennettH. Young, probated in the jCountyCourt. i ,Outside of a few beauests he lefthi estate to his wife, Mrs. Eliza SharpYoung, and his daughter, Miss ElizaBennett Young, in equal .shares. 'He provided that' the property bedivided .at once and that half j of thedaughter's share be held in trust untilshe becomes of age and the other halfpaid her at the age of 301General Young's law library is leftto Sam Tate, who was associated withTHE BOURBONTobacco Warehouse Co.(Incorporated)Total Sales for the Season6,116,245 PoundsFor $2,597,002.58; Average $42.47We hold the season average for the ParisMarket and State of Kentucky(Books Shown in Proof off Above Claims.)VsfC j - fc-s ,We Lead the State !Plenty of Room to Get In!Drive Right In! "The 0wtog tobacco Warehouse Co.- . - ' J lH 1.1 em ,r., ,kISLm Mini AJUajad 7th Paris. Ky. 17th Paris,PARIS, KENTUCKYhim in the practice of lawl -100 was made toftwffe-H-wistftf anq? 5-dj 1- - 'SBMiyl-3BllBKMJ!SriBMW'wWW -gjBBffaffjrMHaYiatJlflMvflitHSQUest OX Si in i j niiii inn up iitmTi1 fltwrnaaJ--THE BOTOBOH HEWS. PAMS BBHTUCKTPAG1FRIDAY, MAUCH 7, 11,6-g-Who Benefits ByHigh Prices?You feel that retailmeat prices are too high.Your retailer says hehas to pay higher pricesto the packers.Swift & Company provethat out of every dollarthe retailer pays to thepackers for meat, 2 centsis for packers' profit, 13 -centsis for operatingexpenses, and 85 centsgoes to the stock raiser;and that the prices of livestock and meat move upand down together.The live-stock raiser pointsto rising costs of raising live stock.Labor reminds us that higherwages most go hand in tendwith the new cost of living.No one, apparently, isresponsible. No one, apparently,is benefited by higher priees andhigher income.We are all living on a highprised scale. One trouble is,that the number of dollars hasmultiplied faster than the quantity of goods; so that each dollarbuys less than formerly.Swift & Company, U. 3. A.VICTORY LOAN ILL BElSOLD 10 POBLIG J0S1AS OTHER ISSUES WERERUMORS THAT BANKS WERE TOBE CALLED ON TO TAKEFIFTH LOAN CORRECTEDBY SECRETARY GLASS.yE9LTJMORS and nnanthorized statement:which have beerspread abroad oveithe coantry to the effeet that there wajto be no Fifth Liberty Loan have beerbrought to the attentSon of Secretary of the TreasonGlass. The secretary reiterates hiestatementsTmat there will be a Fifth Liberty Lean;That tt win be a popular oneid to the people;That there is no Wea on thepart of the government to sellthe bonds to the banks;That the Fifth Liberty LoanIS be floated that Spring, tmdsabtsdty biu8nQ hi the tatterpart of April.The tasncial heads of the government are perfecttnt; the plans for anj tasne that will xseet the reqnirementsI ef the "time and the Central LibertyLoan committee of the Fourth Federal Reserve district at Cleveland iswen along in the task of laying afoundation for a campaign which "winoutdo in intensity any of the four preceding campaigns.Stories emanating from Washington and discussing the preliminaryplans of legislators may have a tendency to befog the reader. It mostbe remembered that these stories arespeculation, merely reflecting themind-workings of the men who willultimately have to narrow down tosome one procedure. Enough has already been definitely settled to permit the secretary of the treasury tomake the statements above and toemphasise them.To further emphasise the fact thatthere wfll be a Fifth Victory loan andto correct the impression which haserroneously been circulated that thebanks would have to take the loan,Governor B. R. Fancher of the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland recently sent word te all of the LibertyIiO&n worker in the district ealltogupon them to correct those false impressions.TraATt AKD NOSTEHSSTDGETED ERQM COLD'Tape's Cold Compound" Ends aCold or Grippe in aFew Hours.Z5EThe comedian on the stage maynever get a laugh, but it is still possible for the audience to go out between acta for a smile.If the League of. Nations willpromise to repal the bone dry law,there'll be no trouble about signingtxp- ;: (i i i Vitid&tiitt.'Bone dry prohibition by law is badenough, but abstinence enforced bypurse and high prices is the "mostunkindest of all."oThe President smiles on everythingand everybody, except Senator Chamberlain, and so far as we know, Senator Chamberlain may be proud ofit.Your cold will break and all grippemisery end a'fter taking a dose of"Pape's Cold Compound" every twohours until three, doses are taken.It promptly opens clogged-up nostrils and air passages in the head,stops nasty discharge or nose running, relieves sick headache, dullness, feverishness, sore throat, sneezing, soreness and stiffness.Don't Btay stuffed up! Quit blowing and snuffling! Ease your throbbing head nothing else in the worldgives such prompt relief as "Pape'sCold Compound," which costs only afew cents at any drug store. It actswithout assistance, tastes nice, andcauses no inconvenience. Accept nosubstitute. (adr)EconomysTableDrinkINSTANTPOSTUMNo raise in price , bxrt thesame value as always .Made insianily-no boilind needed.No waste. No left-overs to throwaway. Contains nothing harmful to health. Always ready forcfuick service .When ordering your table beverace, why not consider InstantPosium. " There s a Reason...PIS TELLS HOW TO 1FIGURE INCOME TUiQuarely Up to Every Individualto Get Busy by March 15or Suffer Penalty.Don't wait until the final due date,March 15th, for paying your IncomeTax and making your return. Avoidthe last minute rush. Any person canfigure out his liability today as well ashe can next week, and if there Is anypoint on which he needs advice he cannow get in touch with a Revenue man."This word Of advice is being givenout by Internal Revenue men. Returns and payments are being collected in Kentucky by the followingCollectors of Internal Revenue :Josh T. Griffith.J. Rogers Gore.Charlton B. Thompson.Elwood Hamilton.John W. Hughes.Every aid of their offices and fieldforces is being given freely to thepublic.But the Income Tax men will notpull your door-bell or your coat-tails,according to the Collector's announcement. It is squarely up to every individual to figure out his own case andto get busy if he comes within thescope of the new Revenue law.Did You Earn This Much7Every, unmarried person who received income averaging $19.25 a weekduring 1918 and every married 'couplewho jointly received income averaging$38.50 a week should secure at oncefrom the nearest Deputy Collector orthe nearest bank a blank Form 1040 A.That form contains the information hewill need to enable him to figure hiscorrect net Income and any tax that heowes the Government.The law requires that every unmarried person who had a net Income of$1,000 or over and every married person whose net Income was $2,000 orover (Including the Income of husbandor wife and the earnings of minorchildren, if any) must make a returnon or before March 15th. And this requirement does not hinge on whetherthe person owes a tax.Taxable Income.An individual must include undergross income all gains, profits and Income derived from salaries, wages orcompensation for personal service ofwhatever kind and in whatever formpaid or from professions, vocations,business, sales or dealings in propertyof all kinds, Interest, rent, dividendsor profits derived from any sourcewhatever. Very few items of Incomeare exempt.Deductions Include ordinary and necessary business expenses, interest paidor accrued on Indebtedness, taxes ofall kinds except Federal Income andexcess profits taxes and assessmentsfor local benefits, losses actually sustained, debts ascertained to be worthless and depreciation on buildings, machinery, fixtures, etc., used in business.A further deduction is allowed for contributions to corporations operated forreligious, charitable, scientific or educational purposes or for the preventionof cruelty to children or animals to anamount not exceeding 15 per cent ofthe taxpayer's net income as computedwithout the benefit of the contributiondeduction.The taxpayer Is not allowed to deduct any personal, living or family expense, any amount spent for improvingproperty or making good its exhaustion for which an allowance is claimedunder depreciation.Figuring the Tax.Before figuring the normal tax thedividends are deducted as credits fromnet income,' together with the personalexemption. As in previous years, dividends of domestic corporations are exempt from normal tax when receivedby-the stockholder.The normal tax rates for citizensand residents are as follows: On thefirst $4,000 of net income in excess ofthe credits the rate Is 6 per cent; on1 any further taxable income the rate Is12 per centThe surtax ratee apply to net income of each Individual in excess of$5,000. The personal exemption andthe dividends are not deductible beforecomputing surtax. In the case of returns by husband and wife, the netincome of each is considered separateiv in comDUtlng any surtax 'that maybe due. Form 1040 should be used formaking returns of et income exceeding $5,000, and the instructions on thatform will show how to figure the surtax. Business House Returns.Employers and others who paidwages, salaries, rents, Interest or similar determinable gains in an amountof $1,000 or over during 1918 to anyperson must file an information returnwith the Government Blanks may besecured from the Collector.Every partnership must file a returnshowing its income and deductions andthe name and address or eacn partner,with his share 'of the profits or lossesduring the past year. Personal servicecorporations will file similar Information for 1918.The More You Use Your CarThe More You Need Good TiresYour car's usefulness is increasing every day.It is becoming more and more of a real necessityto you both in your business and home life.For that very reason you need good tires, now,more than ever.The out-and-out dependability that created sotremendous a demand for United States Tires intimes of war is just as desirable today.It reduces tire troubles to the vanishing pointmultiplying the usefulness of your car and puttingthe cost of operation on a real thrift basis.United States Nobby', 'Chain', 'Usco',and 'Plain'are the most popular fabric tires built. They haveall the strength and stamina our years of experiencehave taught us to put into tires.There is also the United States 'Royal Cord',the finest cur built for passenger car use.Our nearest Sales and Service Depot dealer hasexactly the treads you need for your car and theroads you travel.He will gladly help you pick them out.v .-tUnited States Tiresare Good TiresWe KNOW United States Tires are GOOD tires. That's why we sell thepa.RUGGLES MOTOR CO PariMULEESBima HARDWARE CO., Mfflenburr, Xy.J. W. MITCHELL & SOH North Midaietdwa, f.i iSend That Next Job of Printing to TheBourbon News. Best Work; Right Pritss.faIX!XKXHXiINCOMI TAX PAYSFOR PUBLIC BENEFITS."Viewed in Iti largeat andtruest sense, the payment oftaxes is payment for benefitsreceived or expected. Only froma narrow and essentially selfishand shortsighted viewpoint canthe individual propose to himself' the evasion of tax liabilityas a desirable courss of action.Daniel C. Roper, Commissioner of Internal Revenue.KBXMXMXasUBourbon Laundry iDAVIS & FUNK, Proprietors ITelephone No. 4 Wert Fifh Streetsatisfaction!OUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improve-7 TCVi IlicUfcO I" wuum jr arynmuvaS WF fcSJ-2i .. Avmnwfr KolnAVHi va m n" -v i-f - 21I1U OAUClb UCluViiJ n u.v" 4' 'SD p j prepared to do work infeinfe- Irior to none, and.-iolicit xyour patronage. . Ii i i M -XThe Bourbon LaundryPaHsrCentuckyS gIXsWE""HlBy BSSQr t3fI WBjSPJBB2S?ss?r al1 'H'f'ji l BBS V SBSK y fI SMS ?b SSBBf A it - 3S55SHKXXSX;I Quality Printing!Absolute Satisfaction is one of theReouisiteTof The News Job PrintingDepartment. A Trial Order SolicitetT.?MHHtiy4 4&'-KAU SIGHTTHE BOUBBON KEWSf PABIS, KENTUCKYH- l.yiifl,' ,, tifc.FRIDAY, MARCH 7, 111.The Paris Grand Opera HouseToday, Friday, March 7thThe Cupids Review Co.PRESENT"SIMON AT THE BEACH"ETHEL CLAYTON Women's WeaponsThe wife had the nerve to get the vampire to come and stay!'with, them, knowing her.husband was in. love with this cigaretteartist.' Then the wife fell sick(?) on purpose and left dear ' oldVamp1 ttf cook and mend for Hubby, wherupon Cupid flew thecoop!-' 5Pearl White, in "The Lightning Raider"AND HEARST NEWSTomorrow, Saturday, March 8thThe Musical Comedy Tabloid"SIMON AT CAMP"MADGE KENNEDY -APerfecYLady"There's plenty of action in "A Perfect Lady." Fact is; allspeed records are -Broken. . It's the best comedy-drama in whichadorable Madge Kennedy has ever appeared.SMILING BILL PARSONSin "A Pair of Pink Pajamas"AND CURRENT EVENTSS jw EDWARD VAN LEEUWEE ORCHESTRA sS5xThe Alamo and GrandMonday, March 10thDust i n Fa r n u min "CAPTAIN COURTESY"He robbed the rich to give to the poor. Talk about yourmodern millionaires who build libraries and colleges they.never; could hold a candle to "Captain Courtesy." He taughtthem their business.JAMES MONTGOMERY FLAGG COMEDY"TELL THAT TO THE MARINES"AND BURTON HOLMES TRAVELOGUEEdward Van Leeuwa OrchestraPricesChildren 15c; Adults 22cWar Tax Includedt -MUXERSBURG:" Mr. D. P. Jones was in Cincin'jaatl on business Thursday.Mrs. Adah McClintock is continued to her home with illness.'',' t Mr. Clarence Wasson has return.; ed from a visit to Washington, D. C.).. Rev. George Gardner, of Boyd,VKy., is a guest of his son. Rev. J. W.. Gardner. '," Mr. W. H. S medley returned'L "Monday after a few weeks sojourn atDawson Springs.'. . Mrs. Samuel Marshall is visitingher" daughter. Miss Marshall, at. Portsmouth, Ohio.-Mr. T. D. Judy, who has been.- oop,9ned to his home for more than awe,ek, is able to be out again...' .Misses Mattie and Susie Mcln--tyrehave returned from a visit to( Mrs. Chas. Howard, in Lexington., - Miss Katherine Carpenter, who2ias been a guest of relatives here,' ha. returned to her home in Lexington. " ' Mr. R...C. Linville, of ShelbyvH!', was the guest of his "brother,,M- ;Harry Linville, from Monday un. jl; Alednesday., 7 Mr. and Mrs. Charles W. Howaru have returned to their home inLexington, after a visit to friends'ami relatives jnHthis city.r-Mr. and Mrs. K. R. Vaught leftWednesday for' their home at Indianapolis, Ind., after a visit to herparents, Mr. and Mrs. T. D. Judy.Mr. C. C. Chanslor and familymoved Monday to the property of Mr.J." A. Butler, recently vacated by Mr.and Mrs. David Cassidy, from thehome sold by him to Mr. Joe Farris., Amity Lodge No. 40, P. & A. M.,wilt" entertain in the -near future inlioaor-of the return of the soldierboys.- There were five in service fromthis lodge, all of whom will return ingood, condition.. , Elder" VanTVinkle, x of Vanceburg, has been .tendered a call as pastor of - the Christian. Church. Hewilfin all proability accept the call,and enter on- hi& charge within theiriext few weeks.Mr. Gano Duncan and family, ofLawrenceburg, are confined to theirhome with "flu." They moved fromhere a short time ago, Mr. Duncanbeing local manager of the BourbonHorne Telephone Col, while residinghere. '-r-Lieut. J. W. Miller, who return-ed to Camp Taylor from France,about ten days ago, arrived home"Wednesday, after having been mustered out of service. .Mr. .Miller isotk& of the-heroes of Bourbon county,8Liul is-' being royally received by his.meuy friends." The" Farmers Bank of Millers-bcHrg.:dssued--astatement as of March1, sx&wing. that it had 'considerablyorer $r,&)0,Od'ondepoBit, an increase of orer $500,000 in the year.Eight years ago the deposits totalled, little over $100,000. This- bank issaid to be the only in the State outside of a county seat showing a totalof deposits amounting to $1,250,000.Mrs. Arrasmith, of Iowa, is visiting her father, Mr. T.i H. Thompson, who has been quite ill for several weeks. Mr. Thompson is improving. O sMATRIMONIAL.County Clerk Pearce Paton issued a marriage license yesterday toCharles Fredericks and Clarlne Buckler, both of this county.A marriage license was issuedWednesday from the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton to Mr. George C.Terrell and Miss Elizabeth C. Crouch,both of the county.A marriage license was issuedTuesday from the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton to Mr. CharlesMaines and .Mrs. Lucinda True, bothof this county.B-4 FIREInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,AgtsoCLAKK COUNTY HOME AND BARNDESTROYED BY FIREDEATHS.HASKINS.The funeral of Miss Mollie Haskins, who died at her home nearClintonville, after a short illness, washeld Wednesday afternoon at 2:30o'clock, services conducted, at thegrave in the Clintonville Cemeteryby Rev. Newton L. Shropshire.The pall-bearers were M. J. Murphy, A. S. Thompson, R.. M. Broaddus, J. L. Marders and Ben Fowler.TOOMEY.The funeral of Jesse J. Toomey,aged fourteen, son of Mr. and Mrs.John Toomey, of near Jackstown,who died in St. Joseph's Hospital, atLexington, Wednesday, 'after a shortillness, was held in the MillersburgCemetery yesterday afternoon atthree o'clock, with servicesi conducted at the grave. He is survived byhis parents, four brothers and fivesisters.spoke at the Paris court house to anaudience that filled the big courtroom from door to door, and was afterward guest of the citizens of Parisat a dining in which nearly all theprominent business men of Paris participated. Mr. Keller was related tothe different branches of the Kellerfamily in this county, -and was anhonored, highly esteemed man.Paris people who have called onhim, while he was at the height ofhis success in New York state thathe was the very soul of courtesy,and delighted in entertaining themwith stories of the Paris of his day.He always inquired about the peopleof Paris and Bourbon county, andsaid that the garden-spot of theworld to him would alyaws be Bourbon county, Kentucky.ADAMS.The funeral of Mrs. Nancy J.Adams, aged eighty-one, who died atthe home of her daughter,fMrs. Wm.Berger, in Clark county, of pneumonia, was held Wednesday afternoonat two o'clock, in the Ruckervillechurch, in Clark county, with- services conducted by Eld. M. P. Lowry.The home of Mrs. Peterson Tabor, tho interment following in the Adon the Two Mile pike, near Winches- an PnVf Duriai Srouna- T w.ter, was destroyed by fire Tuesday " Mms was formerly Miss, ,r m . . . , Nancy Stone. She is survived bymorning. Mrs. Tabor was absent and four Jhildren, one of whom, Mr. R.ner cnuoren ana ner motnor, Mrs. . g. Adams, resides in Bourbon county,Salina Sample, discovered the smoke.Neighbors were summoned, and thefire department was called, but itwas impossible to subdue the flames.The loss will be about $5,000. Insurance of $1,500 was carried on thehouse, and $500 on the furniture.About half the contents of the housewere saved.A large barn on the place of Geo.J. Hunt, on the Iron Works pike,near Winchester, was destroyed byfire Tuesday night, and two horseswere burned to death. Two otherhorses, two mules, a cow and calf andseveral hogs 'were rescued. ThereI was a quantity of hay, bailed straw,etc., stored In the loft. Many farming tools were lost There was noinsurance on barn or contents.GRAVITT. ...Friends and relatives in thiscity have received notice of the recent death in San Diego, California,of Mrs. Elizabeth Blanton Gravitt,her death having resulted from theeffects of an operation for appendicitis.4,Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanThe President smiles on everythingand everybody, except Senator Chamberlain, and so far as we know, Senator Chamberlain may be proud ofit.eIMIMniilllllimMiM4l4tHMHIItttMHIIIIHiFj MBSSKBWmaJBBEK..- MmtruHZ.!PMMi.;b-v. .$ ?f 'jl ; J lHALL.Relatives in Paris received information very recently of the deathin Blanchester, Ohio, of Mrs. FlthianHall, wife of Mr. Flthian Hall, whoformerly lived near Shawhan. Mrs.Hall, who was formerly Miss RuthKelley, of Shawhan, was about thirtyyears old, died at the family homeafter a short illness, due to a complication of diseases.Mrs. Hall is survived by her husband, Mr. Fithian Hall, one son, twobrothers, George Kelley, of-Millville,Indiana, and Will Kelley, now in theU. S. Navy, and one sister, residingin Indianapolis, Ind. Her parents,Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Kelley, died nearShawhan some years ago.The funeral and burial took placeat Blanchester, in the Odd' Fellows'Cemetery, with services conducted atthe grave.oKELLER.The daily papers of yesterdaybore information of the death inNew York City of Mr. John W. Keller, one of the most prominent political and newspaper men of that city.Mr. Keller was a native of thiscounty, having been born near Shawhan in 1856. He attended the countyschools, then came to Paris, where hecompleted his preparatory work inthe public school of that time. Fromthere he went to the old Universityin Lexington, and then to Yale,where he graduated with high honors. Mr. Keller emigrated when stilla comparatively young man, to NewYork, where he soon became identified with newspaper work. He wasfor many years one of the editorialwriters on the New York Tribuneand other New York papers; andbecame noted as one of the foremostdramatio critics of the Metropolis.I Going in for politics he became apower, and in 1889 and 1.900 becamepresident of the National DemocraticClub, succeeding Perry Belmont. Hewas elected Commissioner of Charities of .New York, and afterwardfilled many other responsible .officialpositions.Mr. Keller always had a warm spotin his heart for his old friends backin Bourbon, county, and was' alwaysfflad to greet them, even in his busiest moments. In one of the Presiden-1 I ft lit 1 1 1 M 1 M 1 1 1 1 H 1 1 H S tial campaigns several years' ago heThe J. T. Hinton Co. 1UNDERTAKERSAND BMBALMMRSParis Ky.ndSicthStreetsDay phone 36Night : . . 56or Home 286Motor equipment.c ' JUnDUiance cans promptly nunucu to wii.ii uurLimousin Invalid Coach.. . Hearse used for funeral purposes only.HHrMrs. Gravitt was born and rearedin Cynthiana and was the daughterof Mrs. Sallie McDowell and the lateJ. Irvine Blanton, who was one of thomost brilliant lawyers at the Harrison county bar. Her husband, Marshall Gravitt, has recently returnedfrom overseas duty in France, andhad been assigned to duty in. the aviation service at San Diego' She issurvived by her husband, one child,who lives in Louisville, one sister,Mrs. H. M. Bowen, who lives in Virginia, and one brother, Mr. LindsayBlanton, of Richmond."VICTORY POSTAGE STAMPS"NEXT ON PROGRAM.Victory postage stamps, a newthree-cent issue to commemorate thesuccessful conclusion of the war, willbe on sale shortly throughout thecountry. In announcing this issuethe postoffice department said thesupply would not be sufficiently largeto replace the regular three-centstamp, and postmasters would sellVictory stamps only on request.The new stamp bears the figure ofLiberty Victorious, helmeted andwith a sword in one hand and scalesin the other. The whole design appears upon a shaded panel, withAmerican, British, French, Belgianand Italian flags draped from thebackground. In size it compareswith other special stamps, and iswider and shorter than the ordinarystamp.KENTUCE3AN TAKES OFFICE ASGLASS' AIDE.Jouett Shouse, of Kansas, tookoffice as Assistant Secretary of theTreasury, succeeding Thomas B.Love, resigned. Mr. Shouse, who wasa member of the House of Representatives of the last Congress, will supervise the War Risk and InternalRevenue Bureaus. He is a native ofLexington, where he was for manyyears prominent in the newspaperbusiness and in other lines of business activity.oIt isn't the League of Nations itself that bothers the G. 0. P., butthe fact that it cannot be approvedwithout giving some little credit toMr. Wilson.NEW POULTRY HOUSELEON RENAKER & CO.Have Opened a New Poultry in theDow Building, Opposite Hotel Windsorand will pay the highest cash prices forpoultry, eggs, hides and junk. Our truckwill make trips to the country for largequantities of poultry and eggs.GRANT ROBINSON, ManagerCumberland Phone 361Home Phone 552&NOWIS THE TIME!Buy Now!Shoe Prices AreStill AdvancingIn spite of this we have marked our entirestock down to prices that must sell quick andmake an absoluteGLEAN SWEEPof all Tall and Winter Shoes. Grasp this opportunity now; buy for future as well aspresent needs!vr. ni I11 f11 ifl I!HA Xvf IY7 Im ' rM2.99Ladies' Black English orCuban Heel Boots,$4.00 values,atLadies' Mahogany English,leather tops,$6.00 values,at w nLadies' Dark Grey Boxts,with Louis Heel ir flCS:mJ"T:. W.9054.50SPECIALBARGAINSLadies' Grey Boots, Louisheel, with cloth tops$5.00 djo jc $5.00value yOAo valueLadies' assorted discontinued lines, $5 and $6 val.$1 .95$3.45Men's G. M. EnglishW.-O. and other fa-uiuua iua&.ea,?.ou vai.wviMen's Dark Tan English, $6.00 valuesat ....w liMen's Gun Metal Aft jftLace, E. & J. makes, C'J flU14.00 values at ipLiTUBoys' Gun Metal Af nftLace, $2.50 values. CI IIIwsnDon't Miss This Money - Saving Opportunity.Sale Now Going On.DAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe Store, Where Beauty and Economy ReignVII.iX