J.AaTHE BOURBON NEWSPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRT iY IN THE YEAR.""!V -VOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, MARCH 25, 1919flIPABIS CITY SCHOOLS GIVINGCOURSE IN AGRICULTUREThe following Bourbonteachers have matriculatedcounty iin thecourse in agriculture at the ParisHigh School: Misses Nannie Clark,Hazel Kerr, Millersburg; Misses Virginia Bell and Marietta Bell, Hutchison; Misses Nora Houston, MinnieKiser, Mary Ross, Mabel Galloway,Margaret Calnan, Elizabeth Hudnall,Janie Leach, Thelma, Williams, Lavallett Hanson and Mrs. Birdie ClayWebb, Paris.Prospects are that the enrollmentin the class will reach twenty-fivewithin another week. The course isbeing given by some of the leadingteachers from the Agricultural College at Lexington. Prof. M. C.James, the head of the Departmentof Vocational Agriculture, from StateUniversity, lectured to the class lastSaturday morning. The principallecturers during the course will beProf. Kercher, head of the Department of Soils, and Prof. Kinney,head of the Department of FarmCrops.The course is open to all city andcounty teachers without any cost foreither tuition or laboratory materials. This course is being given notonly to prepare teachers for the sum-mer exiumuiniuus iu agrmuiiurt; asiAT-n nAcmr(T Tiimtia m tt? dtexaminations,timJ Hxr tn ryarrr Gfofo 1,w Ktto prepare them for better teachingIn this most important science. Visitors will always be welcome at theselectures every Saturday morningfrom 9 until 12, in the chemistry lab-Joratory at the City High School. Bulletins Nos. 54 and 56 written byProf. Kercher and Kinney, and furnished by the State University, canbe obtained either at the office of theCounty Superintendent of Schools, atcourt house, or at the office at theParis High School.Those taking the course are advised to procure these bulletins anda copy of Nature's One Hundred Lessons Agriculture, which is the State'sadopted books, and are also advisedto bring to the class a note-book.The class will continue to meet eachSaturday morning at 9 o'clock untilfirst of June. Provisions are beingmade at the City School to test seedcorn for Bourbon county farmers.This testing will be done by the mostapproved methods and without costto Bourbon county people,oLEXINGTON MIDGETS DEFEATPARIS MIDGET TEAMIn the last game of the basketballseason, played on the Y. M. C. A.gymnasium floor, in this -city Fridaynight, the Lexington Y. M. C. A.Midget team defeated the Paris Y". M7C. A. Midgets by a score of 8 to 3.The Paris five played a much bettergame -than in former contests withthe Lexington team, which resultedin. scores of 19 to 15 to 11 and 32 to3. All three points made in the gameFriday night by the Paris team werefrom foul throws. The lineup andscores follow:Paris White (3) and Collier, forwards; Dundon, center; Arnspargerand Cahal, guards. LexingtonFelsenthal (2) and Berry(21 for-wards; Harbold (2), center; McCarthy (2) and Davidson, guards. Substitutes For Lexington, Davidson;for Paris, McCarthy.oSADDLE HORSE BREEDERS TOMEET IN LOUISVILLE.Mr. Claude M. Thomas, of Paris,acting president of the AmericanSaddle Horse Breeders' Association,has issued a call for the annualmeeting of that body to be held atthe Hotel Henry Watterson, in Louisville, on April 11.In the call Mr. Thomas says: "Onaccount of the diminishing breedingoperations for the last two years, thisis a critical period in the affairs ofthe Association, and the time for renewed activities is at hand. Thecounsel, moral and real support andenthusiasm of every member is needed and their attendance at thismeeting is extremely important.". oBOARD OF HEALTH ORDER.Hogs and pi must be out of thecity limits of Paris by April 1, 1919.Do not attempt to evade this order.The Chief of Police is hereby notifiedto keep watchful eye that the cityordinance may be enforced.BOARD OF HEALTH,By A. H. Keller, Health Officer.(25-4t)oTBYINGOUT THE NEWFIREMENPARISEvidently someone has been try-infr nut fHo now fiTvm.Ti in fhfi "Parisfire department, as three alarms lastweek called them out The first wasa silent call to a house near theS"t . A...T Tl OTVtrirf"k eir11 KlnTO TVOG?th mul IT "home of M? E E.lTnTes on Waf- Fore her. Behind Joan are two heke venue, where a can of gasoline roes as different as two men cogd beexploding in a garage caused a small ,but both willing to sacrifice each inMaze, which the firemen extinguish-'his own way. in order that she maycA tTritti Qrrmll Jirnnftrtv loss. Tnethird alarm was sent in from Box33, Saturday night, evidently bysome mischief-maker, as the firemenfound no" blaze in the vicinity.TO ADMINISTER ESTATEIn the County Court Judge GeorgeBatterton appointed Mrs. NoraMaher as administratrix of the estateof the late Mrs. Nora Buckley. Mrs.Maher qualified for the trust by furnishing bond in the sua of $1,000,with Mr. Silas E,-Bedford, of theDeposit and Peoples 'Bank, as surety.I"PTP.AT. T7.CnAnTT?nn AT0"O4viTrATffC! AMr. Newton Taylor, Sr., of Paris,recently purchased the A. B. Bateman farm of 120 acres, located onthe Iron Works pike, in Fayettecounty, for $385.50 per acre.Through the Walter Clark RealEstate Agency the Bourbon. TobaccoWarehouse Co. purchased a vacantlot located in the Barns Addition, inSouth Paris, from Mr. Jake Elvove,for $300.Mr. George W. Dawson, of Clintonville, has purchased the home ofDr. McFerran Crewe, locaied on Linden Walk, in Lexington. Mr. Dawson will be given immediate possession and will move into his new property shortly.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney sold forMr. R. P. Dow, as agent, a house onSycamore street, Mr. James D. McClintock being the purchaser, at$590. Mr. Kenney also sold for Mr.Dow a lot on Lilleston avenue toThomas Woods, Jr., for $346.oV1jU JTUOX-ttUXi XVniXiO IV XfXU M,JSTORED.The three-cent-an-ounce postagerate which went into effect on October 3, 1917, as a war measure, is tobe replaced on July 1 by a reversionto the old two-cent rate, simultaneously with the coming of Nationalprohibition. The following is thefull text of the official order as received here by Postmaster J. WalterPayne:"On July 1, 1919, the rate of postage on all first-class mail will be thesame as the rate in force on October2, 1917. In other words, the rate onletters entitled to the domestic rateof postage will be two cents for eachounce or fraction thereofand postdrop let-cards one cent each. Theter rate will be one cent."As postage stamps cannot be exchanged, business patrons should soregulate their purchases as not topurchase more three-cent stamps andenvelopes and two cent postal cardsthan can be used prior to July 1,1919. Of course, the three-cent envelopes and two-cent postal cardswill be perfectly good for postageafter July 1, hut one-cent les willbe required on letters and postalcards."It should be distinctly borne inmind that the former rate of postage jn first-class mail will not? takeeffect until July 1, 1919." fTBOURBON CIRCUIT COURTOwing to Judge Robert Stout being compelled to be out of town therewas no session of the Bouroon circuit Court Friday. When Courtconvened Saturday, Judge Stout, after the regular motion hour, heardarguments' by Commonwealth's Attorney Bradley, for the prosecution,1 . .i . xx -.. m TTl-kT fnfana Dy Attorney uscui a. miuiajh, .tne aeiense, in suppuri. ui a mwnwifor a new trial in the case of OscarJohnson, convicted and given thedeath sentence for killing WalterRice. The Court took the case under advisement. Court was then adjourned -until to-day when the casesof Clark & Young vs. Lapsley, andHicks vs. Owens, will be heard. Forto-morrow the cases assigned fortrial are as follows: Peoples Bankvs. Mattox, Eals vs. Kuster, Brownvs. Gorham.The petit juries were excused until to-day.oA YOUNG MAN'S PANCY.In the spring a young man's fancyturns to thoughts of new clothes.For all that is best in make, style andquality, seeJ. W. DAVIS & CO.LOUISVILLE AUTHOR OP NEWBOOK KNOWN HERE.The announcement that Mrs. R. M.Kelly, Jr., of Louisville, has just hadher third book, "Why, Joan?" released from the publisher, is of muchinterest here, where the talented author has a large circle of friends,and where she has often been a welcome guestThe scene of this story is laid inLouisville and the charming sociallife of that city has been faithfullyportrayed by the facile pen of thisgifted writer.The book deals with the complexnrnhlfims which confront young JohnDarey, a Kentuckian by descent andadoption, in her efforts to find herplace in the world.A nigniy sensitized, introspective type, this youngheroine is a splendid example of themrvipm irirl. with many traditionsIhar.k nf her and many ambitions beunu w uai ouc v,...0.The numerous vicissitudes of thisnot always lovable, but very humanyoung girl, will command the closesti attention of the readers of fiction andI the book promises to be a tremendoussuccess.APMOTCSTRATOBS APPOINTEDTn the County Court, Friday,Judge George Batterton appointedCharles R. Parker as administratorof the estate of the late RichardWhite, with Win. D. JVIcIntyra assurety, furnishing bond, the sumof $250.CAN IT REALLY BE TRUE!Again there seems to be a reasonable prospect for a satisfactory solution of the question of a future water supply for Paris, which has beenin jeopardy for the past few months, Marriott, in Cincinnati, on the nightdue to the washing out of the dam at 'of March 18, received telephone mesthe Paris Milling Company's plant, sages Friday night from the Generaland a disagreement among the inter- Hospital, in Cincinnati, stating thatterested parties as ,to def raying cost ; Spratt had died in that that institu-of building a new dam.Shortly after assuming his dutiesas a member of the Board of Coucil rof the city of Paris. Mr. John Mer-ringer began an active campaignamong the three interested parties,the Paris Milling Company, the ParisWater Company and the Louisville &Nashville Railroad Company. Severaltimes it seemed likely that his effortswould be successful, but each timeobjections would be offered and urged by one or the other of the parties.Finally the situation became so serious that the people of Paris threatened to hold a mass meeting andthresh the matter out. The specialcommittee of the Council, composedof Messrs. Merringer, Veatch andKiser, were in communication withthe officers of the Water Company,and on March 15 sent an ultimatum.Last Friday, Mayor E. B. Januarysent a message to the officers of theWater Company, stating that thecitizens were becoming impatient,and that an answer was requested atonce.On Saturday an answer was received from Mr. L. H. Fuller, presidentof the Water Company, stating thatthe Company would deposit in aParis bank a sum of money sufficientto cover half of the cost of buildinga new dam, and if the Milling Company was satisfied, any contract approved by attorney E. M. Dickson,for the Water Company, would besigned. Mr. B. M. Renick, presidentof the Paris . Milling Company, atonce notified his attorney, JudgeDenis Dundon, to accept the proposition. Mr. Fuller's telegram to MayorJanuary was as follows:"Expected to reply to committee.but in answer to your telegram willsay we are willing to deposit inescrow in Paris bank one-half of estimated cost of dam constructionAdvise if milling company are satis1fied, if so any form of contract approved by Dickson will be signed. ,"L. H. FULLER."ONION SETS.Onion sotsBUSY(25-4t)at 10 centsBEE CASHper quart.STORE.-vGLORY BE!"A contract foFWOOO gallons oftcrude oil for oiling the streets ofParis has been awarded by Mayor E.B. January to Mr. James Arkle, Parisrepresentative of the Indian Oil Refining Co. The oil to be used is of ahigher grade than that applied lastyear, and is 25 per cent, cheaper.WE KNOW H0WSpringManhattan and Wilson Bros.'CelebratedShirtsExclusive patterns are now on display foryour inspection. You will find the most completeexhibit of fine shirts ever shown in this city at ourstore shirts of fine Madaas, Percales, MercerizedFabrics, Crepe Silks and Linens; soft cuffs andstiff, any size, any length sleeves, many desirablepatterns in plaids, stripes and solid colors.$1.75 to $10SPRING STYLESNMOKEare now on display$7.00 to $10.00MITCHELL & BLAKEMORENettleton ShoesDr. Reed's Cushion Sole ShoesManhattan ShirtsStetson HatsJSiJACK SPRATT, VICTIM OF SHOOTING, PASSES AWAY.j Relatives in this city of Jessej (Jack) Spratt, formerly of Paris,iwho was shot by his friend. Lowelltio-n at a late hour from the effectsof the wound, the bullet piercing hisabdomen.Marriott is in the County Jail inCincinnati, where he is said to be ina very highly nervous state. Acharge of shooting with intent tokill, which had been placed againsthim, will probably be changed tomurder. Marriott was found in apool of water by detectives near hishome after the shooting. Spratt resided at 4310 Conant avenue, Madisonville, and his slayer, who represented himself as an artist's model,lived at 5704 Bramble avenue.The shooting took place at Newtown, a village east of Cincinnati.Spratt, the victim of Marriott's pistol, was 26 and married. Marriott,his sister, Margaret, and his brother,William, and Mr. and Mrs. Spratt,Spratt's brother, Russell, and MissMary Can trill, of Oakley, attended aparty at the home of Marriott'sgrandfather in Newtown, Mondaynight. At 11:30 all except LowellMarriott got into the automobile togo home. Marriott had been disorderly all evening and had frqeuentlydisplayed a revolver. Marriott, it issaid, stood on the sidewalk and abused Spratt, who was his life-longfriend. Spratt finally stepped out ofthe automobile to quiet Marriott,who fired. Spratt fell and Marriottfled.Dr. T. B. Mulloy, of Newtown, ordered Spratt taken to the GeneralHospital Night Chief Kirgan detailed Detectives Bohlke and Rolf to goto Marriott's house. Corporal Robinson accompanied them. After theyarrived at his home, they followedhis trail by the light of electric lanterns. When they saw only Marriot's head above the water, theythought he was dead. Marriott, hearing them say they thought this, madea pretense of being lifeless, but theruse failed. At the point of revolvershe was dragged out of the water.The funeral will be held in Madi"sonville this (Tuesday) afternoon, at2:30 o'clock, with services conductedat the graveside in the MadisonvilleCemetery. Mr. Spratt is survived byhis wife, formerly Miss Lucretia McCluc, of Paris, and two sons..BEST QUALITY SEEDS. -Hfghtst quality Red Clover,Alsike, Timothy, Seed Oats,Cotton Seed Meal.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(feb-14-tf)ShowingofIN STETSON HATSiSlII811NOSIN THE SERVICE OF THEIRCOUNTRY.Private Roger Bivin, son of Mr. B.F. Bivin, has returned, to his homenear North Middletown, from CampBeauregard, in Louisiana. He hasreceived an honorable discharge fromthe service, and with his family, willlocate near Winchester.Private Leslie Cummins, of nearCenterville, who recently receivedhis final discharge papers at CampHancock, has gone to Long Island,New York, to accept a position. Private Cummins has been a guest ofhis mother, Mrs. James Cummins,near Paris, since returning fiomCamp Hancock.Hospital Sergeant John T. Redmon, of Paris, camp and office surgeon at Camp Hancock, near Augusta, Georgia, has received his honorable discharge from the service andhas taken a position at Corbin, Ky.He was warmly recommended byLieut.-Col. C. C. Hillman for loyaland efficient service.Corporal Earl Brown has arrivedat his old home near North Middletown, from overseas. He was at thefront in France, but was not in thefiring line, being engaged in thework of transporting soldiers fromcamps nearby to the front battleline. He saw some of the fighting,and was in Germany for a few hoursonly, after the armistice, on detachedservice.Major Henry Rhodes, chief of theKentucky Selective Service Department has forwarded to Provost Marshal General Crowder the records ofall delinquents and deserters. Kentucky has made a good record so farand the boards of Ohio and Perrycounties, which delayed MajorRhodes in the work, have come tothe front and have their recordscrated and ready for shipment.Mrs. C. D. Terwilliger, formerlyMiss Olive Taul, is in receipt of a letter from her husband, who is withthe American Expeditionary Forces,Sagenay, France, stating that he hadbeen promoted to the rank of Captain in the Medical Corps of theUnited States army. Mrs. Terwille-ger s sister, miss Mary oione, wuo isa nurse with the Dr. Barrow BaseHospital Unit No. 40t is now enroute home from England..Cablegrams to relatives'of members6ftheGoodSanraritaiuBase Hospital,,Unit 40, composed almost entirely ofKentucky physicians, surgeans, n.urses and civilians, 300 in number,stated that the unit had sailed forthe United States.A detached portion of the unit isnow in this country and has beenordered ;to Camp Zachary Taylor fordischarge. The unit was mobilizedat Camp Zachary Taylor last March.The unit has been stationed at Sarisbury Court, England.Private Werner Eich, of Mt. Washington Ohio, has been awarded theDistinguished Service Cross by theU. S. Government for extreme heroism in trying to rescue his woundedofficer, Capt Reuben Hutchcraft, ofParis. Eich was one of six stretcherbearers who tried to reach CaptainHutchcraft, after he had been shotdown by German machine gunnerswhile on scouting duty. Three ofthe men were killed and the otherswounded. One of the men who afterward aided Eich to carry thewounded officer down the hill wasstruck by a machine gun bullet.Seaman Carl Mitchell came in Saturday morning on an eight-days' furlough. Mitchell has been transferred to the bakery department on hisship, the U. S. S. South Carlonia.He landed at Newport News on the18th, the South Carolina bringingover a large detachment of soldiersfrom Brest, France. The ship willleave next week on the return trip toFrance on transport duty. Mitchellsays a large number of Kentuckyboys were in the detachment whichcame over on the South Carolina,among them several from Lexington,Cynthiana, Nicholasville, Georgetown, and other Central Kentuckytowns. Carl says he is much bettersatisfied in his new position than being "down below."The vanguard of the Dr. BarrowBase Hospital Unit No. 40, sixteen innumber, who have . been at CampMerritt, New Jersey, for the p astfew days, arrived atCamp Taylor,near Louisville, Saturday. Theywere given absence leave of twentyfour hours to visit their homes.Among the number were PrivatesJohn H. Moran, of Paris, and Grover Shropshire, of near Centerville.Private Moran came to Paris, Saturday night and spent Sunday withrelatives, returning to Camp Tayloryesterday morning. The members ofthe Barrow Unit sailed from Englandon February 27. They expect to bemustered out of the service thisweek.Hobbling on crutches, Clark Wilson, of Paris, who has been in theU. S. General Hospital No. 35, atWest Baden, Ind., since his arrivalfrom overseas, came to Paris lastweek for a recreation stay of severaldays with his parents, Mr. and Mrs.David, Wilson, on Houston, avenue.Clark was a member of the RoyalFlying Corps', Canada's crack aviartlo-n organization, and was iniuredjnthe spine and one leg by, the explo-TWO CAMPAIGNS HAVE AUSEICI-'OUS OPENING.Two campaigns, each one for amost worthy cause, were launchin the city and county yesterdaythose for funds and food for the relief of the starving people of Armenia and Syria, and for clothing- forthe French and Belgian refuge.The former campaign is being conducted under the direction of Mr.Chas. B. Mitchell, County Chairman,Bourbon county's quota has beenplaced at approximately $4,100.The response in both campaignshas been very generous. The- drivefor clothing for the refugees reallywill not be under headway until today. Miss Elizabeth Steele, chairman, stated that the committees hadbeen appointed for the purpose of soliciting, and that several large donations of clothing had already beensent in, but that the campaign wouldnot take definite shape until thismorning, when it will start out witha vim.Miss Steele asks for donations ofclothing of all sizes for both sexes,to be forwarded to the refugees. Itis necessary that all the articles tobe in time for shipment, should beat the Red Cross sewing rooms in.the county court house in this city,on or before Friday, March 28. Allkinds of durable clothing are needed.If the donors are unable to take theirdonations to the court house, callover the phone to Miss Steele whowill send someone to bring in thearticles.oCLOTHE-UP DAY COMING.Like the trees that put on newleaves in the spring the young manand the old man, too wants to benewly clothed. The Davis brand hasbeen a standard for years.J. W. DAVIS & CO.CATTLE MEN TO MEET IN LEXINGTON, MARCH 29.Cattle men are invited by Commissioner of Agriculture Mat S.Cohen to attend a meeting at thePhoenix Hotel, Lexington, March 29,to arrange the classifications andconditions to govern- the $20,009stake for fat and feeding cattle atthe Kentucky State Fair.oJUDGE JOLLY IN HACE P0R AT-TORNEY-GENERALJudge George W. Jolly, one of thebest-known Republicans in Kentucky, has announced that he willmake the race for the Republicannomination for- Attorney General.Judge Jolly was former '"TJnited"',iStates District Attorney, 'sion of a shrapnel shell. He hadsecured a transfer to Uncle Sam'sservice,' and while on duty, sustained the injuries which sent him tothe hospital. After a few weeksrest here he will be sent to an armyhospital in New York" for treatment.Aside from his injured spine and leghe is in excellent health.Mr. and Mrs. Charles MVS Buchanan, of near Paris, are in receipt ofa letter from their son, Clarence W.Buchanan, who is in the service overseas, stating that he had been, promoted to the rank f Sergeant. Heis stenographer and bookkeeper Inthe Quartermaster's Corps FinanceDepartment of the American Embarkation Center, in France.A telegram was received last nightby Mrs. Clifton Arnsparger, statingthat her son, Lucien Arnsparger,who is a member of the 37th OhioRegiment, American ExpeditionaryForce, had just arrived at Hoboken,.New Jersey, from overseas, his destination being Camp Mills, New Jersey. Her other son, Clifton Arnsparger, is now at Camp Taylor,where he is awaiting his final discharge papers.Private Douglas Clay has arrivedin Paris from Camp Sherman, nearChillecothe, Ohio, where he receivedhis honorable discharge from UncleSam's service. Private Clay was amember of the Dr. Barrow Base Hospital Unit, which is now en routehome from England. "Doug" conconstituted one of the advance guard,having been invalidid home somesome weeks ago on account of illness.He was in a New York army hospital for a short time, but is now, entirely recovered. He is looking thepicture of health and says the minute he landed in Paris he began tofeel a one hundred per cent. Improvement. Private Leo Grosche, always aninteresting letter writer, has just returned from a trip through parts ofFrance and into Italy. A partial resume of his experiences Is most interestingly told in a letter to& hisbrothers, in this city, which is reproduced below:"American Reel Cross,"Beaume, Feb. IS, 111."Dear Folks:"At present I'm at Base HospitalNo, 77, getting straighteaed ot frothe effects of my leave. I caught adeep cold, and when I feot back toChagny, I went right to bed; stayedthere till' Monday, then decided thatthe hospital was the proper place forme; so came here at moom Moaday.Everything is done "here to eatertaiathe fellows, but it seeiui pretty losesome, after a fellow aae fceeevwerav.(Comtiaued om i.)VA-ft AGE TWO--BOUBBON NEWS, PA3MS,TUESDAY, MARCH 25, 1111 "3wTrcwnrnvv ' " '" -IISHE BOURBON NEWSIitablished 188137 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and PridayPer Year.. $2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Adavance.IWLFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.ttered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of the. Second Class.)Any erroneous reflection upon thefcbtr&cter, standing or reputation oflay person, Ann or corporation whichmaj appear in the columns of THEBOURBON NEWS will be gladly corrected If brought to attention of thetttor.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 pertech for first time; 60 cents per inchStfLob. subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineach issue; reading notices in black(type, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candi.Cates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reseivedto -decline any advertisement or othernatter for publication.Announcements for political officesmost invariably be accompanied bythe cash.EDH0BIAL MUSINGS.The Promise of Spring.Ab my eyes opened the othermorning and I stretched to look atthe clock that was ticking on thedresser I heard a red-bird just outside the window. I leaped from thebed and looked out. The ground wasstill white with the heavy frost thathad fallen like a blanket in thenight. Directed by the joyoussound we saw the bird on the bare"broach of a 'maple tree. There hev:. standing like an impresario intLe presence of all the crowned headsof the universe. Then again he liftedup his head and sang until his littlebody quivered with passion and heaeemed almost ready to dissolve inthe unendurable rapture of life.Prom, across the yard I heard themuffled chirp of the mate calling tohim.It was more beautiful than thecrashing melody of an orchestra,sweet a3 the tinkling splash of thelittle cascade in a woodland rill. Itmeant the approach of Spring.Later in the day I met a man digging-dandelion greens and as I stopped to speak with him he said:"They are sure early this year, butthey are mighty fine," and he dug upthe luscious root with a long butcherldnfe and held it up for inspection.When I went home to supper I inhaled the pungent odor of sassafrasas-we stepped into the kitchen. Onall sides are these signs of the coming of Spring.It has not been a hard winter likelast winter was. but it has been adifflcult winter just the same. Theprevalence of the influenza and thesickness and death of friends has casta gfoom over us all. The long, wearydays waiting for the boys to comehome- and the- dread anxiety lest thenro "over there" should break outagain has--made the winter one ofsober thoughts-. The continued highcost of everything and the dread uncertainty as to future activities havemade us .uneasy. But now comes thepromise of Spring and the birds, thedxadellons and the sassafras tea giveus7 new hope for better and brighterdaye.labor Department Is Active." The Department of Labor his issued a statement by Roger W. Babson,that contains many interesting bitsof information concerning, the thingsbeing done in Washington to helpbusiness. According to Mr. Babsonthe United States hasn't been losingits money, since in 1910 the countrywas found to be worth $186,000,000,000; while to-day it is estimated toKa rotrt.h S265.000.000.000. whileour war debt is only some fifteen orsixteen billions. In view of the factthat the world conflict has cost thenations $193,00p,000,000, Uncle Samseems to hare come through in enviable shape, anancially. The statement throws light upon many publicquestions. In one place it says: Inaddition to this work of stimulatingpublic and private residences" andwage workers' homes, sewers, waterworks and other municipal improvements, the Labor Department is makiag & special drive to get public utilities on a stable basis. The Secretary is -especially sympathetic with, tha needs of the traction companies,believing that they deserve higherfares, and relief from taxation andother burdens. Studies are now beans made in the Secretary's office forplans which will stabilize the publicutility industry.An Expensive Job...-It -looks as though the American. uiiiform would be no stranger in the1 'laad -of Europe for many a long day.AxA these boys will have to bemaintained there. Boats must comev 4 go. Food" for the man who hasfoirght andimar have to fight againmust be kept moving. He must havehis blouse and breeches, his cap andhis leggings. There must be shelterand some comforts. He must haveplenty of guns, plenty of shells andthe cartridge belts must be keptfilled.Of course all this means anotherLiberty Loan the Fifth Loan, it youplease. It is up to the good Americans who come through on the firstfour loans to back the victory theyhave won with the fifth and lastloan. It would be the highest offoolishness to fail to back up the menwho are insuring victory for us now.How many men will be required isa problem for our Government to determine. Certainly no more will bekept there than are needed. We arenot wasting man-power just to keepsoldiers in Europe. They are neededthere or they would be on their wayhftmp. And the monev that is tomaintain them is needed, or it wouldnot be asked for. The Fifth LibertyLoan is necessary or the nationwould never have authorized it. Itis up to us to play well our our partin raising it.o-COLLECTING CLAP TRAP.Uncle Bill Geyer was for manyyears a notable figure down in Northeastern Kentucky. He was frugality personified and a keen trader.Most of his money had been made inreal estate and financing farmers ataf ter-the-war rates( of interest.And when he died his executorfound bundles oT old Confederatebills in his iron safe, mementoes ofthe great American weakness of taking a chance.Uncle Bill Geyer wasn't a pioneerin this. Financial adventure hasbeen the life of American Businessdevelopment through more than acentury. He but ran true to form.Thousands of Americans are doingthe same to-day.Simply collecting clap trap in theform of gaily illuminated stock certificates that are not worth the paperthey are printed upon and never willbe.And the tragedy of it all is thatmany of them are sacrificing, theirLiberty Bonds in the effort. Surrendering their certificates of loyalcitizenship in the chance of makinga killing. Dong Uncle Sam a realinjury, however unconsciously.With no more chance than the proverbial snowball in Hades.The woods are full of salesmenright now representing fake promotion schemes and holding out specialinducements to Liberty Bond holders.Offering them so-called bargains extraordinary, especially in exchangefor their bonds.Nine out of ten of them are pureswindles.So be on your guard. If one ofthese fellows puts his proposition upto you take him down to your banker. If he can sell the banker youmay possibly be safe in taking achance.But if he can't, pass him up.oASK THE COLLEGE.Every farmer wants to know whathe should use in the way of fertilizersfor his own fields. Of course, he hasexperimented some. He has beenpuzzled, sorely puzzled, because atone time a fertilizer which he hadbought, paid well, while at othertimes he got no results at all.The fanner should realize he is afarmer and not an experimenter. Heshould also realize that no one, twoor three years of experiments areenough upon which to base a solidopinion. It takes years of experiments on all the varied soils in Kentucky to learn what is needed.Instead of experimenting at homethe farmer should learn exactly whathas already been done in tests on theexperimental plots in Graves, McCracken, Logan, Muhlenburg, Shelby,Madison, Laurel and Fayette countiesin Kentucky. The College of Agriculture has a type-written report onthe results on all of these fields aslate as June, 1918. Any farmer canhave it sent to him. Ast the College. oBAB TAOTE IN TOUR MOUTH.When you have a bad taste in yourmouth you may know your-digestionis faulty. A dose of Chamberlain'sTablets will usually correct the disorder. They also will cause a gentlemovement of the bowels. You willfind this to be one of the best medicines you have, ever become acquainted with.(adv)mar)oPEOPLE AND GRAIN(Toledo News-Bee.)A thing does not have to move tobe alive. A farmer out West recently found some corn that had beenin the family attic seventy years. Heplanted it and it grew and yielded acrop.A few years ago wheat which hadbeen locked in an Egyptian tomb for3,000 years was taken out, plantedand grew.That wheat had been motionlessfor thirty centuries, but the life germin each grain lived on.If a body could lie motionless it,too, might live for centuries. Movement brings death. Gradually thehard working and abused machinewears out.The scientists now have what theycall the energy theory of life thatall living things (men, animals,plants, trees), receive energy fromthe sun; that' in moving and dyingthey release the energy, which im-'IlllllllllllllllllllllllllliV HiUiiUiiJitr' H 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 M 1 1 llJ-M''LAJi -t-" I n u--J-bJ--y Mtllll wiUll ; w" " " 'MjJtH'" " ry triy ly--t-LjLj-Lij-iiy-sj-iAj-Lj-Lj 1 1 1 n t 1 1 1 ' ' n LtuJ,JV 1 1 1 1 M I 111 IIIH IMHIM IMMinnillMlMIMniMMlliniMMMIMll IMllifi; ratth. m it h in iifAi wjmw mm iiwiii i huh umxullllllllllll talOl'W NIP 5IlioiP Wp t, I (IB oi J llllli:l!llllllllllllllill!IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIWlillllllllllllllllltlllllllWllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllililliltlltilllllllBlllriiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii 1 iy iChe9terfield3 S straight to the smoke-spot; in short, they- I j i ':111 Give credit to the blend the 'just-right" blend of Turkish 'jI! i anc Dornestic tobaccos. And the blend can't be copied. Buy l' (,liJ'MMMMMMWMMBr g ' " .mediately returns to its source, thesun.Is there some way, on a system likeinsulating electric wires, that we cankeep our energy in our bodies, so asto double the average length of human life?oAbout the only similarity betweena plunger and a sponger Is that theyrhyme.Typewriter For Sale !One No. 10 new model Smith Premier Typewriter in first-class condition, but little used- Has all improvements, and is a bargain.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.(21-tf)WANTED.Upholstering and Repairing.Household Furniture Bought andSold. Motto: Quick Sales and SmallProfits.HICKS FURNITURE CO..C. M. Coyle, Upholsterer and Manager. No. 4, Broadway, Paris, Ky.Cum. Phone 822. (21-lmo)For SaleVacant lot on Stoner avenue,50x200 feet Very desirable forerection of home. Is in nice surroundings. DR. WM. RILEY FRANKLIN.(21-tf)Wanted.Side-line Salesman Wanted. Patented Specialty being sold in everytown where represented to Banks,Merchants and Dealers. Others nowearning gratifyingcommissions'weekly. Write for proposition.SHEDD BROWN MPG.j'CQ.,(21-2t) Minneapolis, Minn.Auto Tire Lost.Lost, between Lexington and Carlisle, a 34x4 Goodrich Cord AutoTire. Reward if returned toDONALD B. NEAL,34S East Main St.,(11-tf) Lexington, Ky.FOR SALE ATLAST!The real estate firm of Thompson & Downs, at Taylorsviile,Ky., have at last succeeded ingetting on their list for saleamong many others, one of thefinest farms in Kentucky, containing 350 acres 160 acres ingrass, 115 acres in wheat, thebest in the county and the balance has been in clover, and isnow being plowed, a great partof which has been plowed earlyThis land is in a high state ofcultivation. It has the finesthome in Nelson county, an eightroom residence, beside hall,porches, etc., all fitted up withelectric lights, water works,bath, toilet; is furnace-heated,and is modern in every respect.The place has a very fine cattlebarn with 120 individual stalls;lots of shed and loft room; hastwo large tile silos that willhold 3S0 tons; one of the finestcemented graineries in theState; an eight-acre tobaccobarn,- an extra good one; barnshave lights and water; threeextra good tenant houses, withall good outbuildings with each;good fencing all over the place;good orchard an plenty of goodwater. Price right. Address,THOMPSON & DOWNSReal Estate Agents,it.". TaylorsYille, Ky. - --w "(25-tf);FOR RENT.Store room, fronting on Mainstieet in Masonic Temple.Single room, second floor, runningwater, elevator acommodations, foroffice use or living apartment.0. T. HENTON,Agt., Masonic Temple.Furs and HidesWe pay highest prices for iron,hides, junk and wool.MUNICH & WIDBS & CO.,Eighth St., Paris, Ky..Cumb. Phone 374.(23-tf)WANTEDTo rent five or six-room house orflat; electricity, bath, gas, convenientlocation.CAPT. .HUGH CAMPBELL,Quartermaster Depot, Jeffersonville,Indiana. (14-4t)PUBLIC SALEOPResidence and Desirable Lot.We will sell at public auction for Mrs. Nellie Harvey, onThursday, March 27, 1919,at 2 p. m., on the premises the following described property. This property will be sold separately and then as a whole and the best bid accepted. NO. 1 Residence on Seventh Street, near Higgins Avenue, containing five rooms, presses, front porch, gas, water in kitchen, cellar andsplendid cistern.NO. 2 Vacant lot 55x110 feet, on the corner of Higgins Avenueand Seventh Street. This is one of the finest building sites in the city.The location of this property is unexcelled, situated in a "goodneighborhood and a short distance from the Public School.Owner Is non-residnt and desires to dispose of property here.TERMS Made. known on day of 'sale. v- t.( 1 8-3t) HAHRES f SPEKESTFor SaleBuff Orphingtons and White Leghorns, Cockerels, Alfred Clay strain.(11-tf) CHARLTON CLAY.LOSTLost, somewhere in Paris, Automobile License Tag, No. 7241. Returnto NEWS office and receive reward.(11-tf)Executrix' Notice.All persons having claims againstthe estate of Luther Ashcraf t, arehereby requested to present them,properly proven, as required by law,to the undersigned Executrix, or toMr. Wallace W. Mitchell, at theFarmers & Traders Bank, for payment. All persons knowing themselves indebted to the estate of the saidLuther Ashcraft are requested tomake prompt and full payment ofsuch indebtedness with me.MRS. LUTHER ASHCRAFT,Executrix Estate Luther Ashcraft.(14-3t)VifiTUESDAY, MARCH 25, 1919.THE BOUSBOX HEWS, PARIS, XEHTUCKY?AGXiSATED BY AFAITHFUL WIFESuffered Thirty pYears With Stomach Trouble and Hemorrhages jof the Bowels. iThe Story of a Wonderful RecoveryThere is hardlyany one "who doesnot experiencesome trouble withthe stomach. It isso common that wefrequently pay little or no attentionto it Yet, thestomach is veryeasily upset, andcatarrhal inflammation of the mucous lining- develops, grows worse the pain and distress is incessant and the truthdawns that we have chronic stomach trouble.The case of Mr. Louis Young, 205Merrimac St., Rochester, N. Y., istypical. He writes: "1 suffered forthirty years with chronic boweltrouble, stomach trouble and hemorrhages of the bowels. We boughta bottle of Peruna and I took itfaithfully. I began to feel better.My wife persuaded me to continueand I did for some time as directed.Now I am a well man." Mr. Young'sexperience is not unusual. 1If you suffer from catarrh in anyform, whether of the head, stomach,"bowels or any other part of the'body, try Peruna. It may be justwhat you need. Peruna comes ineither liquid or tablet form and issold everywhere. Your dealer hasit or will get it for you. Ask forDr. Hartman's "World-Famous Pe-'runa Tonic and insist upon havingit If you want your health acceptnothing else.All the sick and suffering are in-ivited to write The Peruna Company,Dept 78, Columbus, Ohio, for Dr.Hartman's Health Book. The bookis free and may help you. Ask yourdealer for a Peruna Almanac ''MUST PAY H0EL nWHffi TAX IF tat.;Hb.CAUGHT. provisions .on hand worth $473, andfurniture worth $805.Persons who neglected to pay the Negro farmers own 188 head offirst installment of income taxes lastCOmmon stock worth $13,985; mulesweek have lost the installment pay- i valued at $1,290; 27 registered bulls,ment privilege and must now pay cows and calves worth $1,150 andtheir entire tax upon demand of a!ljLotad of common cattle, worthrevenue collector. j They own 194 head of sheep, val-To avoid the penalty of 25 per !ued at$1 550 452 h worth $ 472cent, m addition to the regular tax, and have farm impiements worthpersons who failed to file returns $3,695. The total of all propwith a sworn statement of the rea- erty belonging to negro citizens isson for delinquency. Without this valued at $600,964.the penalty will be imposed. There are in Bourbon County 1924i These policies announced by Inter-nalareRevenueintendedCommissioner Roperto grant a degree ofleniency to those who, for some legitimate reason, failed to file their returns when they were due. By law,however, the installment paymentprivilege is removed from all failingto make payments on time and theInternal Revenue Bureau has no authority to change this provision.TRY THIS FOB SOUR STOMACH.Eat slowly, masticate your foodthoroughly. Eat but little meat andnone at all for supper. If you arestill troubled with sour stomach takeone of Chamberlain's Tablets beforegoing to bed. (adr)(adr)mar)Bad teeth are now held responsiblefor tuberculosis. Perhaps some ofour erudite scientists can trace Bolshevism to the same cause.Can you doubt-f frWEALTH OP BOURBON'S NEGBOCITIZENSNegro citizens of Bourbon Countyhave made splendid progress duringithe last year as shown by the taxassessment books the figures of which! were given out Thursday for publication.The total increase in the assessed valuation of all property in Bour-Ibon County over 1918 was 2,112,546 of which amount $149,017 repj resents the value of the increase of(property belonging to negro citizens! of the county.This showing is remarkable whenit is considered the negro income is! almost solely that of his own labor.It demonstrates the Bourbon Countynegro is industrious and saving andis making rapid progress in improving his condition and making himselfa better citizen.The wealthiest negro farmer of thecounty is Jim Duncan of the LittleRock section of the county. He owns! a nice farm of 160 acres of land, be-! sides he cultivates considerable rented land in this community. In Paris,Millersburg and North Middletownate many negroes who own homesand some engaged in business enterprises, and are regarded as comfortably fixed as property owners.I In Paris John Ayers, the barber,Dr. J. W. Mebane, Thos. Kelley,French Thompson, Alfred Bedford,and others own considerable property and are numbered among our.best colored citiens.A large number of Paris negroes'have bank accounts; are paying forhomes through the building and loan! associations and have savings andChristmas Club accounts.The tax assessment books show thefollowing property assessments belonging to negroes:1103 acres of land valued at $132,878. Town lots to the number of 1285,valued at $420,572,Poultry valued at $1,157.Merchandise valued at $3,263.Wagons and buggies valued at$2,010.iiie negroes oi trie county own ujautomobiles valued at $6,250, and'one auto truck worth $300.They also are in possession of mu-"f fro voters, wmcn n multiplied oy7. X e f ' S "vum. tlon m the conntr f 8'658-A IZL ttTAIllf n?vt. a m.4m1 a.. j. ...1There is more Catarrh in this section of the country than all otherdiseases put together, and for yearsit was supposed to be incurable.Doctors prescribed local treatment,pronounced incurable. Catarrh -is alocal disease, greatly influenced byconstitutional conditions and therefore requires constitutional treatment. Hall's Catrarrh Medicine,manufactured by F.- J. Cheney &Co., Toledo, Ohio, is a constitutionalremedy, is taken internally and actsthrough the blood on the mucoussurfaces of the system. One hundred dollars reward is offered for anycase that Hall's Catarrh Medicinefails to cure. Send for circulars andtestimonials.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by Druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (adv) mar)XHJTU N I VE R S Ai CARthe judgment of the followingJ. C. KENNEYEDWARD SIMMSJTJIIAN PRANKAYLETTE BUCKNEEGEO. W. WYATT, JK.JOEHASKINSFRANK COLLINSJ. W. BELLDAVID PATTOtfDARWIN HSffi&BOSCOE CARMICHa,CHAS.EASK8&Zc -All of the above have fecrreaSecl 'the 'efficiency on theirfarms with a r ;rOft&SO'N TRACTORLet our eular foactdir man demonrate one to you.Ruggles Motor Co.iBank Roto, Paris, Ky.""nw.r i-rerAfj,SLEEPS "SOUNDAS A DOLLAR"Meritone Improved This Man SoMuch His Wife Can SeeDifferenceGeorge A. Wilson, of 1604 Deltaavenue, Nashville, sleeps sound as adollar every night since he took Meritone, and. gets up mornings feelingfine.""I'm ready to get right up and goto work when I awaken," said Mr.Wilson."t was nervous and couldn't sleepright at night and, of course, I feltbad in mornings. I lost my appetiteand my strength kept going downand down."Then I caught the Influenza andwhen I got over that I tell you I wasweak and coughed nearly all thetime."Meritone changed me. I sleepsound as a dollar now and when Iget up I'm ready for a big breakfast of bacon and eggs. Then, afterthat, I feel like getting at my work."My wife can see the change in mesince I've been taking Meritone. Iguess I used to be pretty cross andirritable, but she says I'm not thatway at all now."Meritone is highly recommendedfor stomach, liver or kidney trouble,catarrh, rheumatism, nervousness,sleeplessness and the like, or forbuilding up folks who feel run downand tired out.Meritone is sold exclusively inParis at Q. S. Varden & Son's.(adv)o .NEW BOOK BY FORMER PARISIAN JOHN FOX, JR.The Kentucky writer, John Fox,Jr., says of his new story soon to appear in Scribner's Magazine andwhich he has not yet named:"It is the first book I've ever published which isn't written aroundthe name," he explained. "Possiblyit will bear the name of the principalcharacter, Irving Dale. It is to dealwith the violent contrast betweenlife on the Tidewater in Jamestown,Ya and the early pioneer life ofKentucky, melting into one characterthe aristocracy, the pioneer strength,and the intimate knowledge andsympathy for the Indian and hisways, of the best that was in America. "Dale is captured by the Indianswhen a child and lives with them until the fight for independence is waged by the colonists against a Germanking in England. The part both theEnglish people and the French played in helping the colonies win theirfreedom, is told in a manner thatmost of our history suppresses. Menlike Pitt and Fox in England werewith the Americans and the greaterpart of the English people were opposed to that war. Washington today in England is regarded not as anAmerican rebel, but as an Englishman who fought for the freedom allEnglishmen revere. There are pointsof contrast between this tale of ahundred years ago and the late warthat I hope will make Americansthink,"oSome things are improved withuse, but constantly changing themind is apt to wear it out.vfarmers:.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL,Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewkere.Rev. and Mrs. J. J. Rice havereturned to their home in Harrods-burg after a Visit to Ilr artt Aim TT. Brown.Mrs. Paul Makel, of Chicago,formerly of this city, is a guest at thehome of Mr. and Mrs. J. N. TM?eron soutn Main street.Miss Augusta Behrman has returned to her home in Newport, after a visit to her sister, Mrs. J. W.Bacon, and Mr. Bacon, on Cypressstreet.Miss Loretta Brannon, of Lexington, was a week-end guest of MissMary Elizabeth Dean, at the home ofher parents, Mr. and Mrs. John Dean,on Walker avenue.Miss Aleta Wilson, of Millersburg, has taken a position as bookkeeper and stenographer in the officeof the Ford Garage, in Paris. MissWilson recentlv eradnatfid from n.. . .. wc,v..yLexington business college.Mrs. William K. Griffin was hostess at her home on. Cypress . streetrecently at bridge to twenty-oneguests. A substantial luncheon wasserved, and a number of enjoyablegames of bridge were played. Theguests for the afternoon were Mrs.Thos. Allen, Mrs. J. W. Bacon. Mrs.Roy Clendenin, Mrs. Clasco, Mrs.John A. Bower, Mrs. J. H. Comer,Mrs. Wm. Bryan, Mrs. F. J. Savage,Mrs. Robt. Meteer, Mrs. Calla Nichols, Mrs. Lawrence Price, Mrs. Wm.G. McClintock, Mrs. William Shire,Mrs. Watson Judy, Mrs. J. O. Marshall, Mrs. Harry Mathers, MissesClara Bacon, Patsey Clark, GussieBehrman, Hortense Rosenbaum andCaroline Roseberry.(Other Personals on Page 5): oCINCINNATI SYMPHONY ORCHESTRA AT LEXINGTON OPERAHOUSE.Like the majority of his countrymen, Eugene Ysaye, great Belgianviolinist and conductor of the Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra whocomes as director of that organization to the Lexington Opera Housefor two performances, matinee andnight, Tuesday, April 8, lost everything he possessed in the German invasion of Belgium.A few months before the outbreakof the war Ysaye took possession ofa beautiful villa which he had builton the Belgian coast near the littletown La Zoote. The villa, large andcommodius was planned by him andthe great maestro selected 'i furnishings and draperies. Having completed his plans for the summer heinvited his children and grandchildren to spend the summer with him.The family was enjoying all the delights of sea side life when the German terror burst upon them and theylike thousands of other Belgians werecompelled to flee almost at a moment's notice. They escaped without injury, but the villa was rifled.Ysaye's work as conductor of theCincinnati Symphony Orchestra hasbeen watched with sympathetic interest and has been greatly appreciated. GERXS! DRAW A MOISTCLOTH THROUGH HAIR,DOUBLE ITS BEAUTYTry This! Hair Gets Thick, Glossy,wavy ana jjeaimiuiAt Once.Immediate? Yes! Certain? thatis the joy of it. Your hair becomeslight, wavy, fluffy, abundant and appears as soft, lustrous and beautifulas a young girl's after a Danderinehair cleanse. Just try this moistena cloth with a little Danderine andcarefully draw it through your hair,taking one small strand at a time.This will cjeanse the hair of iust, Idirt or excessive oil, and In just ftflew moments you hav double thebeauty of .yur Mir. A delightfulsurprise awfcUs those whose hair hasbeen, We'gfected or is scraggy, faded,drv. brittle or thin. Besides beautifying the hair, Danderine dissolvesevery particle of dandruff; cleanses,purifies and invigorates the scalp,forever stopping itching and fallinghair, but what will please you mostwill be after a few weeks' use whenyou see new hair, fine and downy atfirst yes but really new hair growing all over the scalp. If you carefor pretty, soft hair, and lots of it,surely get a small bottle of Knowlton's Danderine from any drug storeor toilet counter for a few cents.(adv)oPROMHTENT KENTUCKIAN DIESAT HOME IN LEXINGTONClaude M. Johnson, 66 years old,Chief of the Breau of Printing andEngraving at Washington during thefirst Cleveland Administration, analater United. States Indian Agent inArizona, died in Lexington, Fridayafternoon.After his term of service in theGovernment ended he was sent toLondon and Paris as head of the HoePrinting Press Company offices inthose cities. He later returned toAmerica and wrote several books oncivil government.Johnson was tne son oi iuri. auoJeffreys Johnson, 25 years ago the.most famous Southern poetess.oBed Cottta Sold.Bede cottage, the scene of GeorgeElliot's novel and the original home oi"Adam Bede," situated on Bostoncommon, Derbyshire, was recently soldby auction for $2,675. The cottagestill has the building attached whichformed the workshop of Adam, andSeth Bede,r!MWT!lWW.-',irw-, ,., , z , ,Wolf, Wile & Co.LEXINGTON, KENTUCKYINTRODUCING THENEW STYLESFOR SPRING AND SUMMERNINETEEN NINETEENThe Tailormade SuitIn a diversity of styles fashioned in tricotine, serge,poiret twill and gabardine, portraying the new silhouette.The New Spring CoatsCoats of Cape and Dolman type, developed on slender,straight lines, seem to be the most favored for springwear. The little graces and elegances of detail in thecontour of the collars and shoulders, the finesse of sleeveand cuff detail, express exclusiveness of the highestorder.The New Spring DressesThe narrow silhouette dominates the new dresses, too,and embodies them with a youthfulness that is refreshing. Cunning little pleats, puffings, draperies and theloveliest little sashes and bows adorn these new stylesmost becomingly.The New Spring SkirtsBeautiful plaid and stripe woolens, satin, georgette, crepechene, Fan-ta-si silks in all colors and soft moon glosatins feature our unusually pretty line of separate skirts.Wolf, Wile & Co.LEXINGTON, KENTUCKYFrom this distance the questionseems to be whether the Senate willlet Wilson do it over in Paris or"do" Wilson over here.Bay Window Lenses.Toric Lenses are curved lenses,which nave many advantages overthe old flat styles.Toric Lenses combine' efficiencyand beauty.Toric Lenses widen the angle ofvision and are more becoming.Why not have your old correctionground into the new Toric style?Our prompt and efficient service costyou no more tham service leas good.Dr. Wm. Riley FranklinSuite 205-6 first National B&Both Phones Paris. SyTUTT 1 --"---waaafiiihWilmoth'sFeshHome! Baked Breads,Cafces, Pies, Etc.DailyFreshMeats,Roasts,Steaks,Chops, Fancy Goods.FamousCoffees and TeasWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376jSKMiBgffysjp- ,,,r-"2 zr -r--cAetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFireTheftCollisionProperty Damage .LiabilityAnd OtherCasualtiesA.iFEE'X'G&NT( ftiMHTEfcSVSNINCSNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living,, than a well illuminated house."UseSiectricitvfor LiftingIt's the only satfsfactoTy '17'use Setsforcing and CoonIt's the only sensible plan. 4Let Us Fix flfoti ;frFertheUseiiMetkElectricity and' Gas. 1stirParis Gas & Electric C!OiMrMrttti) ,15the iotiboxjams, lmnncirTUESDAY, MARCH 25, 1919.r t .'VjIO? ffl.Vtf27A8E Ztn1li4WJOMEITS ACTIVITIES.4i .At Tlje Reel Cross Sewiner RoomTuesdky datholic Church.Wednesday Miss 2Tipton's BibleClass. IThursday Open.The chairman has asked that asmanv members as nossible renew1 POWER PARISIAN SUCCESSFULIN OIL DTVESTBEBNTSMr. George B. Keller, eldest son ofDr. and Mrs. A. H. Keller, of thiscity, who resides at McKinney, Tex-,as,- having removed to that State in1902, has recently invested in oillands at Ranger, Texis, now thegreatest territory of the kind in theUnited States, from which he is reaping large monthly dividends.Mr. Keller and his brother-in-law,Mr. Alfred Scott, purchased the roy-DEATHS..activity' and support the organiza-I alties in 109 acres of land m the mi-tion by assisting in the sewing rooms mediate vicinity or tne ntue uapubtas often as nossible. It is imperativethat Bourbon county's quota be completed by May 1st.i :A Call Por Refugee GarmentsBegin your house cleaning bylooking' up discarded garments thatyou cari donate to the Red Cross.Send them to the sewing rooms orcall Miss Steele and they will besent fori Our past work was no moreimportant than the present work is.Carry on.Club Calendar.Paris Literary Club, March 26th.Rev. P. W. Eberhardt, of Georgetown, wjill address the club on "TheLiterature of the Bible." Each member is entitled to o-ne guest.Progressive Culture Club, March27 th.Book iReview Mrs. Meinetz.Red Cross Work Mrs. Kerslake.Discussion War Gardens.tTia f Allowing: officers have beenelected for the ensuing year:President Mrs. Amos Turney, Sr.1st Vice President Mrs. GeorgeStuart.2nd Vice President Mrs. BrinchMeinertz.Recording Secretary Mrs. W. K.Griffin. ;Corresponding Secretary Mrs. W.H. Shropshire.Treasurer Mrs. Ed. Tucker.h North. Middletown Woman's Club," March 28.NATURAL RESOURCES OF KENTUCKY. Mines; Forests and Streams MissLillian Mason.Hemp, Oil and Tobacco Mrs. J. O.Evans. 'Reading Hemp Feilds Mrs. Horace Bacon.church, and cemetery, the congregation of the church being now famousfor its rejection of a million dollaroffer for the ground, containing lessthan one acre. On this 109 acretract there has been drilled twelvewells, and they are large gushers,producing many thousand barrels ofa fair grade of -oil per day. Oneeighth of the production belongs toMessrs. Keller and Scott. There isyet room for more wells, all of whichwill most likely prove large producers. Mr. Keller's many friends here arehighly gratified to learn of his goodfortune with his investments, andhope that they will prove like Colonel Sellers' famous remark, "There'smillions in it."JONES.The funeral of Mrs. ThomasJones, of West street, who died inthe Massie Memorial Hospital, aftera long illness of tuberculosis, washeld Friday afternoon at two o'clockwith services conducted at the gravein the Paris Cemetery, by Rev. G. R.Combs, pastor of the Paris Methodistcinircu. out: is suiviveu uy tier uus-band and one son.and cheerful.' She was one" of thebest women who ever lived in ., Bourbon county, always ready to nsslstthose in need and console them 'indistress. . -NOTES OF THE OIL EEILDSSeven more Droducinsr wells wereadded to the lists of the Co-operatingLand & Development uompany anatne xJOurDOH. un 6c ueveiupimjiui. jiu.-pany when the two companies jointlybought of the Himyar Oil & GasCompany, and allied interests theirholdings in the Comet Subdivision,Ross Creek District, embracing sevenproducing wells and a number of additional locations.The Co-operating Land & Development Company, acting jointly withthe Bourbon Oil & Development Company, bought of Mr. J. I. Engles, ofLexington, his holdings in Block 1and 2, Comet Subdivision. The purchasers secured one completed well,which started off to pumping at therate of 100 barrels a day, and aftersettling down is still going nicelyaround 50 barrels.LEWIS.The funeral of Mrs. MatildaLewis, aged forty-nine, wife of Mr.Ben Lewis, was held Friday afternoon, at three o'clock, with servicesconducted at the grave in the ParisCemetery, by Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of the Paris Christian church.Besides her husband, Mr. BenLewis, she" is survived by one son,Cleveland Lewis, one sister, Mrs.Thomas Linville, and two brothers,John and George Linville, of Robertson county.GRAZIANI. ".Mr. Jos. Graziani, aged sixtyseven, a prominent fruit grower ofCold Springs, Ky., died at the BoothMemorial Hospital, in Covington, lateSaturday night, following amputation of his right leg, the operationbeing made necessary by blood pois:oniug. mi. vxiix&iixiii. waa ct uiuiuciof Mr. J. B. Graziani, of the ParisIce Manufacturing Co., and of Mr. B.F. Graziani, a prominent member ofthe Kenton county legal fraternity.The funeral was held yesterday, inthe Licking Valley Baptist church atCold Springs, followed by burial inEvergreen Cemetery, near Covington. He is survived by his widow,three sons and two daughters.?NEAL.Mrs. Sallie' B. Neal, widow ofMr. John Neal, formerly of thiscounty, died at the Massie MemorialHospital, in Paris, at eight o'clock,Sunday morning, after a long illness,due to a complication of diseases.She was before her marriage MissSallie B. Ireland, of Bourbon county.She is survived by one son, Mr. RoyB, Neal, advertising manager of theMacon, Georgia, Daily Telegram, andone sister, Mrs. R. G. Cord, of Mt.Sterling.The funeral was held in Mt. Sterling yesterday morning, with servicesconducted at the graveside by Rev.Clyde Darsie, pastor of the Mt. Sterling Christian church. The pallbearers were John T. Collins, A, S.Trimble, J. W. Jones, John J. Redmon, R. H. Burris and Tollie Young.FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSThe sales of oil from the entireState of Kentucky now are runningabout 185,000 barrels a week. Thismeans that approximately a half mil-linn inllarc- nor TtrooV 1C VlQincr TIJllll tnThe American Red Cross cables pr0QUcers of oil in Kentucky. Thisfrom Europe urging immediate relief estimate is based on recent figuresfn-r VmndrprfK of thousands abroadwho are in -need of clothing.The Red Cross4 has planned a campaign for the collection of used clothing for the joint benefit of all European countries except the CentralPowers. This campaign will be conducted in Bourbon county this weekand next.Every kind of garment for all agesand both sexes is urgently needed.It is equally important that thechapters avoid the collection of garments which are utterly useless forrelief purposes and should not be included in. any parcel.Garments need not be m perfectcondition.Send parcels to Red Cross sewingrooms, Tuesday, Wednesday andThursday of this week and next.B-4 TIREInsure withW.O.H1NTON &SON,Agtswhich, of course, are being augmented as each day passes with newwells brought in.HANDSOME COTTNTRY HOME DESTROYED BY EIRE.The handsome country home ofMr Allie G. Jones, located on meWhat is claimed to be the biggestoil well ever drilled in Kentucky hasbeen reported by the McCombs Producing & Refining Co. from its officein Louisville. It is the No. 11 wellon the Rena Butcher lease in Leecounty, and is rated at 1,200 barrelsa day. According to Secretary FelixRenick, this No. 11 well will have aproduction exceeding No. 4, on thesame property, which is stated tohave flowed at the rate of 250 barrels in two hours and thirty-fiveminutes.oNOTICE TO RESIDENTS OP NORTHMIDDLETOWN.Dr. Wm. Riley Franklin, of Paris,will be in North Middletown, atMrs. Robertson's on Thursday andFriday, March 27 and 28, at look after your eyes, and to correct eyestrain in all its forms. I test youreyes, write the prescription, and furnish the glasses at prices consistentwith first-class work. If you havehad trouble heretofore with yourglasses see me on those dates. Mymethod of doins business and theMORRIS.Relatives in Paris have receivedinformation of the death of MissCarrie Morris, at St. Vincents Hospital, in Norfolk, Va., which occurredlast Saturday. Miss Morris had beena patient in the hospital for severaldays suffering from an attack of influenza. Miss Morris was a former residentof Paris, residing with the otnermembers of the family in the homeon Pleasant street, now occupied byJudge and Mrs. H. Clay Howard andMr. George Howard. The familymoved from Paris to Lexington several years ago. She is survived byfour brothers, John C. Morris andWalter Morris, of Lexington; Prof.K. J. Morris, of Hyattsville, Maryland, and Frank Morris, of Exeter,California.BUCKLEY.The funeral of Mrs. Nora Buckley, aged seventy-one, who died atSt. Joseph's Hospital, in Lexington,of a complication of diseases, washeld Friday at the Church of theAnnunciation, in this city, with services conducted by Rev. Father Eugene DeBruyn.The interment followed in theParis Catholic Cemetery. The pallbearers were Thos. F. Brannon, JohnT. Maher, E. T. Welch, E. M. Costello, John Donley and Martin Doyle.Mrs. Buckley is survived by onedaughter, Mrs. Thomas Maher, ofParis, one brother, Mr. Thos. Donley,of Ludlow, and one sister, Mrs. Catherine Donley, of New York.o iOF SANITARY INTEREST.The law requires' that where it ispossible attachment to the sanitarysewer system must be made. TheBoard of Helath thoroughly urgesstrict compliance with this law. Allprivies, cesspools, etc., must De aoneaway with. The police have ordersto see that this is rigidly enforced.BOARD OF HEALTH,By A. H. Keller, Health Officer,(25-4t)- oDON'T DO ANYTHING UNTILYOU SEC US.Do not buy anything in theClothing line until you get myprices.L. WOLLSTEIN,tf Clothing Department.We Are Now ShowingEarly Spring ModelsINEVENING DRESSESDINNER DRESSESSPRING SUITSSPRING COATSi'V jvir. Auie wr. i, i'- --" - . ,, ol,f,r rt, v worlr ic Wpll"Pari? nike about tnree miies uuuiie" h"" "j ,. v, ..North Middletown, was destroyed by I known to mosfof you.. Rememberworm Miaaietuwii, v ..- f fho flt.fiR. Thursday and Friday.? PL5w with ail its con- March 27 and 28. Lenses duplicatedtents '(The house was a two-story j and frames repaired.frame, and one of the oldest in mecounty, Joeing built of hewn logs andweatherhoarded.The nre originated on the roof,supposedly from a spark from thechimney, and. when discovered hadgained Such headway that all effortsto save' it were in vain.' A smallportion of the furniture was savedut was- considerably damaged Theloss is estimated at about -$10,000,oartly covered by insurance. Mr.Jones announced his intention of rebuilding at once.-oFire. Wind andInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanDR. W. R. .FRANKLIN.oBEST QUALITY SEEDS.Highest quality .Red Clover,Alslke, Timothy, Seed Oats,Cotton Seed Meal.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(feb-14-tf)oBURNING BRIDGE TIES TRAFFICON P. & C.OF BUSINESSINCORPORATED AT LEX-INGTUJN.TTOGAZZI SCHOOLrnnmn nn fTii ETartrfkTf XV f'iinpi'n-Lightning nati railroad was tied up Saturdayj because of tne Durning or a Dnage'on the railroad near StampingGround. Just before the early morning Frankfort & Cincinnati passenger train left Frankfort a telephonecall came to the station' telling of the"burning of the bridge, which was 500feet long and 28 feet high.The telephone message probablyMATTOX.Mr. O. T. Mattox, aged thirtysix, a former resident of this city,died Friday at the home of his father-in-law,Mr. Morris Griffin, inCynthiana, after a long illness of tuberculosis. He was the son of Mrs.Kate Mattox and the late Mr. Richard Mattox.For several years Mr. Mattox wasa flagman on this division of the Louisville & Nashville, making his headquarters in Paris. After his healthbecame impaired he gave up this position and spent several years in themountains of Kentucky, later returning to Cynthiana, where he had beenfor several months prior to nis aeatn.Mr. Mattox is survived by his widUnw who was formerlv Miss NancyGriffin; his mother, Mrs. Kate Mattox, of Catlettsburgi one sister, Mrs.Will Daugherty, of Richmond, andMiA hmthr Mr. John MattOX. OtParis, who represents the Beechnutproducts m this territory.The funeral was held at the homeof Mr. and Mrs. Griffin, in Cynthiana,Sunday afternoon, with services conducted by Rev. J. D. Armistead andRev. C. W. Elsey. The intermentfollowed in Battle Grove Cemetery.The committal exercises of theKnights hi Pythias lodge was used atthe grave, the services being conducted by Mr. John Cahal, of RathboneLodge No. 12, of Paris, Mr. Mattoxhaving been a member of the Parislodge. The pall-bearers were J. A.Daugherty, Neil Robertson, John H.Terry, Wm. Dale, Logan Maffett andC. L. Swinford.The following from Paris attendedthe funeral and burial: John H.Cahal, Wm. Dale, Ray Harris, L. B.Purnell, Estie Henry, Dr. Wm. R.Franklin, H. N. Eckler, Thos. M.Funk, Howard Carr.BIRTHS.In Louisville, to the wife ofCapt. F. J. Davis, a son. The motherwas formerly Miss Lucy Jones, ofMillersburg. Capt. Davis was forsome time a member of the M. M. I.faculty.DolmansCapesCrepe de Chene and Voile BlousesandSkirtsFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERS..-i- ! i-nnrofin-n Tinvfi heenArticles ui. iihajivv """ .- T j. lie tcicifxxwiAj; uiwuinjv. ii.ww.j. . iv. n...tir florV'il office, at ..j .;iina'il tTrr'oi'lr Ac rrt ao"filed, in, tne wu" u . r , : stveu u. iu.inwo wi.v,Lexington, by the Fugazzi School Of cnt of .a dense fog it would haveBusiness' the capital stock of the been impossible for the engineer tocompany' being placed at $12,000, j discovered the. burned bridge,which, will be divided into 1,200 The middle section of the bridge wasshares ith a par value of $100 tne portion burined. A work creweach. Tie corporation will maintain was sent to the scene to repair theand conduct a business school edu- damage.eating ita pupils for commercial oc-nimatiOBB. Tne articles weic oi6S L Southern, H. B.! Southernand MisS .Maude Miller.The man who is kicking all the,,T .sJv'f o-Af anv better resultstime U.UJCO". v 0"- --than th4 man who .never kiscks at allINSURANCE.Fire, Tornado; Lightning,Automobile and HaH.YERKES & PEED.anl4-tf)H .MBlue Grass Oil Exchange '(Incorporated) - ' "Kentucky Oil Securities bought anciij 3t lrfJtsn V-dii ocaaiuiia && yWednesday . 7:30 p. m.Saturday . . 3:00 p. m.Saturday . . 7:30 p. m.Ont Salt Wadntsday. Two Salts Saturday.T 418 MAIN STREETCujnfc. Phont 3U Ntxt to N. KrlantrteiLONG.The funeral of Mrs. Elizabeth A.Long, aged eighty-eight, who diedFriday morning at the home of nerdaughter, Mrs. Alex Rice, on Mt.Airv avenue, was held at threeo'clock, Sunday afternoon, with services "conducted at the grave in theNorth Middletown Cemetery, by Rev.W. E. Ellis, pastor of the Paris Christian church. -The pall-bearers were, her grandsons, Alex T. Rice, Jr., Edwin K.Rice, C. L. Kerr, W. G. Kerr, F.JS.Kerr and J. H. Kerr. The honorarypall-hearers .were E. K. Thomas,Claude M. Thomas, Dr. J. A. Gilkey,Dr. C. G. Daugherty, James Dodgeand Douglas Thomas.Mrs: Long was a daughter of thelate Mr. and Mrs. Preston Seamonds,ondwas horn" at Seamond's Mill,near North" Middletown, on July 24,1831.. She was, twice married, firstto John W. Kerr, of Bourbon couniy,by whom she leaves a Json, Mr. Wm.H. Kerr, of Lexington, and her second marriage' was to; James C Long,of New York, by whom she leaves ason, Mr. Edward C. Long, of California, and one daughter, Mrs. AlexRice, of Paris. - A sister, Mrs. FannieDavis,- of Springfield, Mo., also surrvives.Two years ago Mrs. Long fell andbroke her hip, but, although advanced in years, she partly recoveredfrom the injury. For the past fiyeyears she has heen an invalid aridwas a great sufferer, but bore hertroubles uncomplainingly, "and endeavored to make everyone withwhom she came in contact happy$20.00$22.50$25.00$27.50v ri$20.00$22.50$25.00$27.50frdtClothzsYoung Men's Popular StyleSuits at Popular Prices.Through a lucky purchase we are able to offer extra good values in the popular stylestyle suits for young men. They are made with the seams at the waist line in one andtwoo-button coats in single or double-breasted. Some are full lined, others are quarterlined. They are well tailored in fact, extra good for the money. Plain blues, brownsand fancy patterns are to be found in them. These values can' t be beat x$20.00 $22.50 $25.00 $27.50Get UnderThat Ncv Hat!. ,Knox, Crof uU & Knapp and OtherGood Makes$3.00 $4.00 $5.00 $6.00- -' -.v.- . , ' " : .i "Join the many good dressers tht are wearing our hats.Theseason's latest styles and colorfe.RWALSH7th and MainOne-Price StoreParis, Ky.1-;.3C.HTUESDAY. MARCH 25, 1919.THE C BOUBBOHmews -?"SP??-&?&-&pirajira.H-CiPy'SFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEThe Danville Messenger publishesa half-tone "cut" of Mr. A. L. Boatright, chorister of the Paris Christianchurch, accompanied by the following comment:"Mr. Boatright is coming to Danville to 'lead the music in the specialrevival services of the Christianchurch, which will begin on April6th. He will lead a large choruschoir and will be heard in a soloeach night He has had splendidsuccess in evangelistic meetings andhis music will be a leading featurein the services to be held in Danville." oGABDEN SEED.All kinds of best garden seeds forthat new spring garden.C. P. COOK & CO.o 'GET OUR PRICES FIRST.Do not buy anything in theClothing line until you set myprices.L. WOLLSTEIN,tf Clothing Department.: OCOUNTY FHOOL SURVEY PROGRESSDre SATISFACTOBILY .'The county-wide movement "to enlist interest in the county pupils 'examination in May is moving aiongwell. An effort is being made tohave 150 Bourbon county boys andgirls take this examination, whichwill entitle them, to free, tutition inthe High Schools in the "county.Every teacher, trustee and parent in the county is urged to assistin this work. If there is a boy orgirl in your district prepared to takethe county pupil examination, dowhat you can to interest him intaking it. About seventy-five havealready signified their intention totake this examination. This is abouttwice ttye number that have evertaken the examination in Bourboncounty ia any one year. The date ofthe examination is May 16 and. 17.TOBACCO FERTILIZER ANDTANKAGE.Swift's high grade TobaccoFertilizer; also Swigt's DigesterTankage (60 protein) for hogs.It pays to use them.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(mar-7-tf)oOITE DOLLAR PER GALLON.v First-class New Orleans Molasses$1.00 per gallon.C. P. COOK & CO.oEELIABLE CLOTHING.Need a new suit, hat, shirts, collars, etc., for your spring "dress-up"campaign? Know J. W. Davis &Co.'s place? The standard for quality. Young and old "suited" andclothed from our larg2 stock.J. W. DAVIS & CO.. enCOUNTY BANK INCREASES ITS' CAPITAL STOCK.The North Middletown DepositBank has filed amended articles inthe office of Secretary of StateLewis, at Frankfort, increasing itscapital from $50,000 to $75,000.oATTENTION, & OF P.There will be a called meeting ofA. J. Lovely Co., No. 34, UniformRank, Knights of Pythias, at thelodge room in the Wilson Building,at corner of Main and Third streets,at 7:30 Wednesday night, May 2.Inspection and important business.W. W. DUDLEY, Captain.NEW RE?RESCTTATIVE" Miss Julia McCarthy, night chiefoperator for the Cumberland Telephone Co., has been appointed aslocal secretary of the Fraternal AidUnion, succeeding Mrs. James B.Stivers. The appointment becomeseffective on the night of March 31.Members of the Union can sendtheir monthly dues to Miss McCarthy at her home at 119 East Eighthstreet, or to the Cumberland Telephone exchange from 7:00 to 10:00p. m. on the three last days of eachmonth.aATTENTION. GARBENERS. ONIONSETS READY FOR YOU.Onion sets, 10 cents quart.BUSY BEE CASH STORE.(25-4t)oA KITCHEN CABINET, REGULARPRICE $35, Now $27.Our $35 Kitchen Cabinet for $27during our March sale.A. F. WHEELER & CO.Opp. Courthouse.oPARIS PERM BUYS MT. STERLINGSEED CLEANING PLANTThe Mt. Sterling Sentinel-Democratsays:"C. S. Brent & Bro., seed dealers,of Paris, Ky., have purchased of I.F. Tabb & Co., of this city, the machinery of the Blue Grass SeeedCleaning Plant, which has formerlybeen operated here, and this weekhad a force of men here dismantling the plant for shipment to Paris.This plant has been the largest bluegress seed cleaning plant in . theworld and it is to be regretted thatMt. Sterling is to lose the prestigeof this fact."oLOCAL CHORISTER IN REVIVALAT DANVILLE.SOCIAL Aim PERSONAL.Comingsand Goings of. OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mrs. Brown Lee Yates, of Paris,is a guest of Mrs. J. M. Yates, inRichmond.Mr. James Engleman, of the A.J. Winters Co., is in Cincinnati, on abusiness trip.Mr. Aubery Bateman has returned from a visit to Mr. C. H. Jones andtamiiy, m Flemingsburg.Mr. W. H. Wood, of Dayton, O.,is visiting his daughters, Mrs. DHouse and Mrs. Won. Penri.Mr. Estie Henry is here fromAkron, Ohio, to be the guest severaldays of friends and relatives.Miss Ethel Biddle, of NewtownScott county, was a guest Saturdayand Sunday of Miss Christine Mc-uora.Mrs. A. C. Teller has returned toher home in Chicago, after a visit toher parents, Mr. and Mrs. I. L. Pricein this city.Misses Olivia and Ruth Orr attended the annual assembly of theWoman's Missionary Society, heldlast week at Lagrange.Mrs. John A. Skillman and sister, Miss Mary Layton, of Paris,were week-end guests of their sister,Mrs. H. L. Thompson, in Lexington.The performance of "The Birdof Paradise" at the Lexington OperaHouse, Saturday, was well patronizedby Paris and Bourbon county people.At the reception given in Lexington, at Hamilton College by theJuniors in honor of the Seniors,Paris was represented by Miss Elmeta Hinton.Mrs. Francis P. Campbell is vis-liting her daughter, Miss FrancesCampbell, who is attending school atthe Ursaline Academy, on WalnutHills, Cincinnati.Mrs. Wm. W. Hinton returnedSaturday from Cincinnati, bringingwith her Mr. Hinton, who has been apatient for sometime in the Good Samaritan Hospital. Mr. Hinton iss'reatly improved following an opera.tion., Mr. Nicholas Kriener, one ofParis' most highly-respected and oldest merchants, who has been seriously ill for several days, was reportedslightly better yesterday. Mr.Kriener is now in his eighty-firstyear.Mrs. Frank Farmer, of Ilarriman, Tenn., who has been a guestfor several weeks of her parents, Mr.and Mrs. J. W. Earlywine, leaves today for Rochester, Minn., to consultthe Mayo Bros., in regard to her eartrouble.Councilmen John Merringer andJohn Christman, accompanied,' aidedand abetted by, Mr. Robt. S. Porter,representative of the Lexington Leader, made a business trip to Mt. Sterling yesterday, in Mr. Merringer'smachine. While we arenot positive,the supposition is that a visit of inspection to the dam at Harrod's Millformed a part of the program ontheir visit.Dr. Marmaduke Brown, who hasjust completed a seven-years' coursein the University of Virginia, wherehe earned the degree of Bachelor ofScience and Medicine, arrived yesterday for a visit to Dr. and Mrs. J. T.Brown, on Cypress street. Dr.Brown will spend ten days here, after which he will go to Cincinnati,where he will become interne in theGeneral Hospital.Miss Ann Molloy, popular visitorin Paris, who is attending school atSmith College, near Boston, will arrive in Lexington soon to spend thespring vacation with her parents, Dr.and Mrs. P. H. Molloy. Before coming to Lexington, Miss Molloy willbe a guest of friends in New Yorkand Boston.The coming of the CincinnatiSymphony Orchestra to the Lexington Opera House, in April is an eventlooked forward to with great pleasure. The mail orders for seats arealready quite large. Many of thecolleges are ordering reservations,and the Millersburg College will giveholiday on Tuesday instead of Monday that week so that all the students may attend the concerts.The United Commercial Travelers' column in Sunday's LexingtonLeader has the following notes ofBourbon county people: "Ben 'Biscuit' Downey, representing the National Biscuit Company, had a goodweek in his territory. Ben says everything is lovely and will attend asales meeting in? Cincinnati. . . .W. S.Hughes, a merchant from BlacksCross Roads, Bourbon county, was inthe city the past week buying merchandise." v-rMrs. Charles C. Clarke entertained at her home near North Middletown, with a miscellaneous showerin honor of Miss Martha Tinder,whose engagement to Mr. GrahamYoung, has been announced, the wedding to occur in the early spring.The house decorations were pottedplants and daffodils, except the dining room, where the bride's table wasdecorated with large baskets of whitecarnations, tied with green and-white tulle and Cupids holding placecards "for the bride and her maids.After the "shower" the guests, aboutfifty in number, were seated at smalltables where a salad course, hot rolls,coffffee and punch was served. ;The Beta Zeta Chapter, DeltaDelta Fraternity, of Transylvania,held an initiation Saturday at thehome of Mrs. William Ardery, nearParis. The home "was beautifullydecorated in the fraternity colors,silver, gold and blue, formed of jonquils in the blue and silver vases,and fine boughs also placed about.Salad, sandwiches tied with silver,gold and blue ribbons, and orangeice, were served. The initiation wasconducted by Miss Devlne, assisted byMrs. Ardery. The young ladies initiated were Misses Helen Gough, SarahRobinson and Ruth Carrier. Theothers present were: Mrs. Ardery, fMisses Martha Hume, Anna D.Hume, Daisey Hume, Gladys McAdams, Viola McRay, Callie Ray, Mariorie Devine, of Lexington: ) MissMartha Ferguson and Mrs. Ray- Tay-1lor, of Paris, arid Miss Daisey MoorePorter, of Paris and Lexington.-Mrs. Belle Alexander and Mrs.J. Miller Ward were guests yesterdayof friends in Woodford county.Miss Madolin Denton, of Lexington, is the attractive guest of Mr.( and Mrs. L. D. Harris and family.Mrs. Dan Moore, of 'Harrodsburg, is a guest of Mr. and Mrs.Charlton Alexander, at their homenear Paris.Col. and Mrs. Charles D. Winnhave returned to Washington, D. C,after a visit to relatives in Paris andother Central Kentucky towns.Ensign Oliver Gaines, who isstationed at the Annapolis NavalAcademy, at Annapolis, Maryland, isa guest of Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Dale.Miss Ella Loomis and MissReese, of Cynthiana, were guests ofMrs. John H. Moran and Mr. andMrs. James McNamara, Sr., and family, Qn Pleasant street, Saturday.Mr. W. H. Weiss, Consulting Engineer for the City of Paris, has returned to his hohie in Kansas City,Mo., after a consultation with MayorE. B. January in reference to mattersinvolving the water and light supplyof Paris. ,Mr. J. M. Sturgeon, Paris representative of the American TobaccoCo., and family will move this weekfrom the Walker property at the corner of Twelfth and. Main streets, tothe Harry B. Clay home, on Duncanavenue. Mr. Sturgeon will remain inthis city for the summer.(Other Personals on Page 3.)oMARGOLEN'S SPECIALS.ixsx:IX;;::iKiWINSOMELY PRETTYVSpring Suits and Goats!:.Six bars of Lenox Soap for 25c.MARGOLEN'S MEAT MARKET.(21-lt). oMASOinC NOTICE.Annual Conclave of Couer de LionCommandery No. 26, Knights ofTemplar, to-night, Tuesday, March26, at 7:30 o'clock. Work in RedCross and Knights of Malta Degrees.M. HUME BEDFORD,M. H. H. DAVIS, Commander.Recorder.Millinery Goods.I have just received and have placed on display a nice line of millinerygoods, which I will offer at lowprices, at the corner of Hendersonand Seventh streets.(25-tf) MRS. GLADYS COYLE.Attention, Farmers!Our Mr. R. M. Osborne will be atthe Phoenix Hotel, in Lexington, forthe next week, with wholesale priceson lumber for tobacco and stockbarns, etc.A. HEADLEY CARD,(24-tf) Pineville, Ky.The FairFOR FRIDAY AND SATURDAY.Garden Trowels, each : . .10cHeavy Brass Curtain Rods 15cAluminum Dippers I0cWash Basins, large size . .'. 15cDust Pans 12c25c Carpet Beaters 19cToilet Brushes, long handle ... .15cAlarm Clocks 89cComplete Fishing Line, cork, etc 10cGalvanized Chicken Fountain , , .12cWhite Tea Kettles, any size , , . ,89cedar Oil, 50c size 35c JCedar Oil, $1.00 size 69cSATURDAY-SPECIALVarnished Tile Wall Paper, at 10ca roll.AT THE ANNEXNow it is the duty of every wifeto make the home as attractive aspossible,' let us help by offering suggestions. We make a SPECIALTY ofINTERIOR Decorations. Our superior line of plain and decorative WallPapers are sure to please. Don't putoff your selections or your neighborwill get her order in ahead of you.S. E. BORLAND, Manager.Next to The Fair.THE PAIR.3$urtonsI Confectionery StorePJ Successor to AdamiSfcSanti. IIFlorida FruitsBox Candies Imiv Adami's Famous. Recipe for, 5'Jmatting aencious ice uream, miSoda- Water and Mixed llllDrinks still used. ;Bulk Ice Cream(Made from Pure Cream)' delivered for -home use.9 Fancy Ices for PartiesFor the BEST, Set Us.FRANK BURTONAGENT FOR M. IBOLD,AND SONADA CIGAESYou'll find it pleasant to review such a wellselected showing. The styles are enticing fortheir beauty and value-attractiveness.Choosing from bur displays means exercisinggood judgment. -Dolmans, Capes, Suits, Coats,Dresses, Waists, Skirtsand Millinery"HARRY SIMON224-228 West Main St., Lexington, Ky;Main Street, Paris, Ky.HQ8KiMBBJM&JKfflCome x cmd $ea Easy CWrfor Wm,WeWwetats oj them.i( w (VtwuM'EMrs. HomeloVer:---When your husband, tired out by a day's hardwork comes home, have a nice, comfortable chairU for him to sink into and repose. Gome to ourstore and get-a "comfy chair and surprise him.You also will enjoy it. And it wilT be an ornament.We also have for you all the furniture and rugsyou ne,ed. Our furniture is stylish and stronglymade; our rus are rich in design. 'Our QUALITY is always HIGH; our PRICEis always LOW. p ; -THE J. T. HINTON GO?ONLY AFEW MOREDAYSLEFT OFOUR BIGCASH SALE!Wc art morevidced wethan con-are sure.iwe are giving tne rerjbest values In Furniture,Rugs and Wall Paper.Why? BecauseIf TheyLook HereTheyBuy Here!Iff YOU ARE GOING TO BUYRUGS OR FURNITUREBuy Now at our BIG GASH SALE andSave, Money.THE J. T. HINTON CO.MOTOR HEARSE"EITHRPMONE" 36MOTOR INVALID COACItUNDERTAKING?bc gSIXTH AND MAIN STS.Lf..Av.51iS4JMHXTHE BOUMOir 1XWS, PUIS, BDfTUCXTTUESDAY, MARCH 25, 11S.i4.itI !ti!UMri AmmThe" Sh! What would happento me if I were your kid?Well, if you're not acquaintedwith Calumet Bakings youdon't know what a good excuse I- have. Can't HelpHelping A: -self they're sogood ! Go d for me too, because Calumet Bakings are.hc!icome a..d easily digested.Millions of mothers useI mum powderbecause of its purity becauseit always gives best results and iseconomical in cost and use."Calumet contains only suchingredients as have been approved officially by the U. S.Food Authorities.You save when you buy it.You savo when you use it.HGHESTaIvory Mats.There are but three mats of IvoryIn existence. The largest one measures 8 by 4 feet; and, although madein the north of India, has a Greek design for a border. It is used only onstate occasions, like the signing of important state documents. The cost ofthis precious mat was almost incalculable, for more than 6,400 pounds ofpure ivory were used in its construction. Only the finest and most flexible strips of the material could beused and the mat is like the finest woven fabricYon. never can tell. Even the prohibitionists might squeal to findthemselves in hot water.ft CLEAR COMPLEXIONRoddy Cheeks SparkKng EyesMost Women Can HaveSays Dr. Efewards, a Wefl-KnownOhio PhysidaaDr. P. M. Edwards for 17 years treatedcores of women for liver and bowelailments. During these years he gave tohis patients ft prescription made of a fewwell-known vegetable ingredients mixed' witm olive oil, ziaming them Dr. EdwardsOiire Tablets. You will know them bytheir olive color.These tablets are wonder-workers on theliver and bowels, which cause a normalaction, carrying off the waste and poisonout mstter in one's system.If you have ft pale face, sallow look, dulleyes, pimples, coated tongue, headaches, alistless, no-good feeling, all out of sorts,inactive bowels, you take one of Dr.Edwards Olive Tablets nightly for a timeand .note the pleasing results.9Thousands of women as well as mentake Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets the successful substitute for calomel now andthen just to keep in the pink of cooditioQ,20c and 25c per box. All druggists.OurClientele. GrowsNot Upon Promisesbut upon1PerformancesHflMiiHMHBiaHMMMHMJMieill8-- QtlAIXCV9- A A J11A77k.TJTiC" mv Wt art Ptotittrs in'-Dry Cleaning andDyeingIn luslntss Slnct 1S3CPrampt DtllvtHtsTHE TEASDALE CO.f ' S2S-C27 Walnut St.CINCINNATI .(mar4-lmo)TAFT MAXfNG PUBLIC ETGHTPOE LEAGUENEW YORK, March 24. "Whatthe people of the United States mustrealize, in making up their mindsabout the League of Nations, is thatthe world either is going to havethe League of Nations substantiallyas President Wilson now is championing it, or it is not going to havea League of Nations at all."This is the climax of the messagegiven to-day by ex-President WilliamH. Taft in an interview on why hehas chosen to make a public fight forWoodrow Wilson's league plan inthe face of an opposition by manyleaders of his own party."I am glad of the opportunity tospeak informally to the people ofOhio," said Taft, "because I want totell them it is my belief that all itsiteration and deiteration by certainof its opponents of an impossible construction of the plan for the Leagueof Nations as now drawn up is toblind them to the real issue at stakewhich is whether we are to haveany league at all or not."The people should know the inferences these objectors draw fromthe league platform are unwarranted that its acceptance by us neverwould affect our sovereignty, neverwould make us subservient to GreatBritain, never would make us modifyour immigration rules, nor affect ourcommercial relationships."What these objectors know andI know is that if this league planis defeated- any League of Nationsis defeated: The general plan, asflow drawn up, while only a report,is a unanimous report, and it is adocument which has 'been whittleddown until it represents the onlycompromise for a league which is acceptable to all the nations represented at Versailles."Personally I would 'vote for theleague as it is, even if it could notbe revised in a few particulars inwhich I believe it would be well torevise it. This is not because I don'tthink with revision it will have thegame construQtion as it now has, butbecause many are anxiously concerned as to the meaning of the league inits present form, and their anxietyeasily can be removed by the introduction of the more express reservations and limitations without affecting the useful structure of theleague and its real character and effectiveness. "This league does .not go so far asthe League to Enforce Peace, whichI have been advocating. It is not ascomplete in its machinery for settling peacefully differences betweennations to furnish proportionate military forces to suppress outlaw -nations."While it does make immediate acompound, boycott so withering ineffect that no small nation woulddare to court its penalty. And it hasmachinery by which nations, closeand immediately affected by a warbegun "by an outside nation, willinglywill contribute military force to suppress it, 'and by which if the warspreads, all members will yield to thecommon obligation, and make theirproper contribution."i 0FOEG&T WHAT HE NEEDED.Prom the Republican, Mt. Giliad,Ohio:' "The editor had an interestingexperience some time ago, when ayoung gentleman catne to this officeand asked for a copy of the MorrowCounty Republican. He scrutinized itit carefully when a copy was handedhim, and then said: 'Now I know!''What is it you are looking for,' weinquired. 'My wife sent me after abottle of Chamberlain's Cough Remedy, and I forgot the name. I went toseveral stores and the clerks namedover everything in the line on theshelf except 'Chamberlain's I'll tryagain, and I'll never go home without Chamberlain's Cough Remedy."The Republican would suggest to theproprietors of stores, that they posttheir clerks, and never let them substitute. Customers lose faith in storeswhere substituting is peifnitted, tosay nothing of the injustice to makers -of good goods and the disappointment of customers" " -"(adv) mar)oOnce in a while a King is removedfrom his throne by a bullet or the toeof a boot. "But you never heard of aKing resigning.mFugazziGraduatesAre Preparedto do work beusiness menwant done and obtain positions with salaries payingenough to live on at the verystart, while students of thelearned professions generallybegin with "nothing a year,"a "starvation period."Make your decision to-dayto give yourself the practicaltraining neceessary to business success. Write us now,whilerryour mind is on thesubject, and we'll send youour .booklett '.'"The FugazziLeads to the Highest Positions," "or phone us or comeand see -us to-morrow.Day or night classes.Fugazzi Schoolof Business118 N. Upper St., Lex. Ky.Mrs. L. V; Jones, Principal,SUPPIEMENTAEY LEST LPEDGESTO MEMORIAL FUND.Below we print a supplementarylist of subscriptions, in pledges andcash for the Soldiers' Memorial Furfd,making a grand total of $10,681.00to this worthy cause, divided as follows :Pledges previously announced $9,649.50Amount raised at Millers- -burg 775.00Cash gifts previously an- 'nounced 256.50Total $10,681.00All unpaid pledges may be paid atthe Farmers & Traders Bank to thetreasurer, Mr. John W. Yerkes.Anyone who has not already contributed to this fund, and who desiresto have a share in this noble enterprise, may still have the opportunityto subscribe through Mr. Yerkes.Supplementary Pledges And Gifts ToThe Soldiers' Memorial FundS. S. Ardery 15.00C. E. Ralls 25.00J. W. Young, Jr 25.00M. Hume Payne 50.00May Goff 5.00David D. Cline 25.00Emil Raines 5.00W. Ed Tucker 25.00Chas Ball 15.00J. B. Caywood 5.00Oscar Hinton 10.00Raymond McMillan 10.00Julian Frank 10.00Jeff Denton 15.00Lexington Herald 5.00William Shire 25.00Thomas Buckner i 25.00A. B. Perkins 5.00Wade Whitley 25.00Bush Bishop 10.00Mrs. C. M. Clay & Sons 100.00T. J. Redmon 25.00Aylette Buckner 25.00George Watkins 50.00Chas Stephens 10.00T. W. Napier 25.00Jas. B. Woodford 10.00H. B. Pence 15.00Buckner Woodford 25.00Ike Haley 5.00John Donnell 5.00Marion Bishop 5.00R. M, Gilkey 25.00J. E. Wells 5.00C. E. Johnson 2.00E. T. Sousley 1.00Letcher Bannister 5! 00Sol Redmon 5.00Edward Prichard 20.00R. B. Lyne 5.00Newton Smith 5.00A. J. Skillman 5.00L. Woolstein 2.00Logan Howard 5.00Gilbert Lytle 1.00B. T. Mattox 3.00Harry Jones 5.00William Redmon 1.00Jesse Alverson 5.00J. G. Redmon 25.00Hence Margolen 5.00William Brannock v 10.00Geo. K. Redmon 20.00John T. Hedges 10.00Brooks & Snapp 10.00Robert Meteer 25.00Wm. T. Bryan 25.00Wm. F. Bryan 25.00Roy Clendenin 25.00Catesby Woodford, Jr 12.50Mrs. Mollie Rice i 10.00Mrs. John Bower 10.00Ben Ardery 10.00Geo. K. Jones 15.00Miss Letitia Clay 5.00Mrs. Clay Howard 5.00Mr. and Mrs. C. L. Blackerby 2.00Woodford Spears 100.00Chas. C. Clarke 50.00B. F. Hopkins 10.00Mr. and Mrs. Geo. Link 25.00John Christman "15.00C. H. Bappert 2.00Bourbon News 5.00B. Bates t 5.00W. W. Mitchell 25.00J. A. Wagoner 25.00Millersburg's List Of Pledge ToThiSoldiers Memorial FundMiss Folsom McGuire $5.00Dr. C. C. Fisher 5.00O. R. Rankin 50.00Jno. Leer 50.00T. L. Marshall 50.00Chas. Martin 10.00M.' E. Pruitt 10.00A. T. Moffett 25.00W. F. Sanders 25.00J. O. Ralls , 25.00A. S. Miller 25.00J. P. Redmon 25.00D. E. Clarke 25.00Mrs. L. H. Miller 15.00A. Evans i.ooV.L.Barton 5.00R. L. Wilson 2.50W. E. Collier 5.00James Collier 1 1.00Geo. R. Huffman and Wife. Z 10.00Mrs. W. M. Miller 10.00K. D. Burroughs 10.00J. A. Farris 5.00A. C. Ball 5.00Will Insko 1.00Mrs. Will Insko III 1.00D. P. Jones 5.00Sanford Allen 10.00Mrs. B. W. Wood 10.00O. M. Johnson 10.00Horace Purdy 5.00E.'P. Thomason ' i.nnM. S. Riley K.noA. S. Best. Wife and Familv mnnMr. and Mrs. P. L. Dimmitt 25.00G. W. Judy 5.00C. W. Corrington 2 KnMrs. C. W. Corrinsrton r nnC. P. Wasson 9 KnVimont Bros 5.00Miss IJallie Gaines 2!oOMiss Ethel Love Fisher 2. KnJ. F. McDaniels '. k nnW. A. Butler HZ 10.OODr. C. B. Smith in nnDr. H. M. Boxley 5.00Judge J. H. Stewart 5.00G. S. Allen 1 2.00Sanford Carpenter , l'ooT. W. Current.. I 25.00Mrs. T. W. Current 5.00H. C. Current 5 00J. T. Judy 5;0oJno. Man- 25.00M. C. Grimes 10 06C. B. Layson 2500J. S. Clarke u 10 00O. E. Hurst "" 20.00W. D. Mclntyre 100.00-oFOE A BAD COLD.Take Chamberlain's Cough Remedy. It has stood theteet of .time anduta ue uepensea upon(adv) mar)LIFT OFF CORNS!Drop Freezone on a touchycorn, then lift that cornoff with fingersDoesn't hurt a bit! Drop a littleFreezone on an aching corn, instantly that corn stops hurting, then youlift it right out. Yes, magic! Nohumbug!A tiny bottle of Freezone costsbut a few ce-nts at any drug store,but is sufficient to remove every hardcorn, soft corn, or corn between thetoes, and the calluses, without soreness or irritation.Freezone is the sensational discovery of a Cincinnati genius. It iswonderful.(adv)oREINVEST YOUR BOND INTERESTIN W. S. S.Invest the interest on your patriotism in patriotism. This was theretquest by the Treasury Departmentdirected to holders of bonds of theThird Liberty Loan. Saturday, March15, was "interest day" for the owners of the Third Liberty Loan bonds,and the Treasury Department isis anxious to secure the reinvestmentof the interest naid to coupon holders in government securities.Bond interest coupons virtuallyare the same as cash. Holders mayhave them redeemed at any bank,but the best place to take them is tothe postoffice, where the postmasterwill exchange War Savings andThrift Stamps for the coupons. Buyers of Liberty Bonds should haveforgotten, and should still forgetthat they have made these investments in so far as present interestis concerned. They should not takea dollar away from Uncle Sam whenhe needs it so badly. Buy War Savings Stamps and compound your interest for the good days that are tocome.The owners of war bonds issued todate are being paid approximately$935,000,000 a year from the Treasury as interest on the money theyloaned the government.These interest payments represent free money which, is availablefor immediate investment. As interest coupons it represents cash and isearning nothing. The money earnedagain becomes money-earning.The Postoffice Department has ruled that Liberty Bond interest coupons may be accepted as cash, at allpostoffices in the country for the purchase of Thrift Stamps and War, Savings Stamps. It is expected that alarge percentage of the interest earned by Liberty Bonds will be immediately turned into War 'SavingsStamps to earn further interest.RUB LUMBAGO PAINOR BACKACHE AWAYInstant Relief From Pain, Backache,Soreness, Stiffness, Sciatica With"St. Jacob's Liniment."Back hurt you? Can't straighenup without feeling sudden pains,sharp aches and twinges? Nowlisten! -That's lumbago, sciatica, ormaybe from a strain, and you'll getblessed relief the moment you rubyour back with soothing, penetrating"St. Jacob's Liniment!" Nothingelse takes out soreness, lameness andstiffness so quickly. You simply rubit on and out comes the pain. It isperfectly harmless and doesn't burnor discoler the skin.Limber up! Don't suffer! Get asmall trial bottle from any drugstore, and after using it just once,you'll forget that you ever had backache, lumbago or sciatica, becausevour back will never hurt or causeany more misery. It never disappoints and has been recommended for60 years. Stop drugging kidneys!They don't cause backache, becausethey have no nerves, therefore cannot cause pain.(adv)- oGREATEST TAX YEAR IN U. S.HISTORY.This will be the greatest tax yearin the history of the United States,and 95 'per cent, of the enormoustaxes will be collected by the Internal Revenue office, according to information obtained at the office ofCommissioner Daniel C. Roper. It isnot generally known in this connection, however, that Kentucky is theonly State with the exception of NewYork to have five or more internalrevenue districts.It is evident, therefore, that theKentucky internal revenue officeswill not be as overwhelmed with thework of collecting the income and7 mHere's the big work, littlecost tractor the TitanTHE Titan 10-20 has been on the market foryears, and has made good without reservation.I 10 horsepower at the draw bar 20 horsepowerat the belt. "A well-balanced tractor that is suited to all farmpower work. It drives easily, affords maximum pull- ,ing power for its weight, and is suited in every way to jthe general run of farm work. Not too large for thesmall farm, yet large enough to handle a great volumeof work.T-Use it with an Oliver Plowi ' We recommend that you use an Oliver plow with,your Titan tractor because it means the best plowing,under all conditions. The combined rolling coulterand jointer buries all trash and weeds at the bottomof the furrow; the stop device maintains an even depth,of furrow; the plow points enter and leave the groundfirst, making it possible to plow clear to the ends of thefield; and the trip rope control operates easily fromthe driver's seat on the tractor.We have a full line of Oliver plows as well as theTitan tractor here at our salesroom.-C. S. BALL GARAGE1 sT&T-MVL;:-:xW.FUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NZGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.other taxes as will be the offices insome of the other States.The Seventh Kentucky District iscomposed of the following counties:Bourbon, Boyd, Carter, Clark, Elliott,Fayette, Fleming, Franklin, Greenup,Johnson, Lawrence, Lewis, Martin,Mason, Menifee, Montgomery, Morgan,. Nicholas, Powell, Rowan, Scottand Woodford.The first and lasting test of thenew Congress will come on its actionwhen the proposal is renewed to doaway with the free garden-seedgraft Betcha the graft sticks!SECRET OE LONG WEARES"Nothing could be more of a tax onsoles than the hikes and games of theBoy Scouts, but for durability, comfort and protection in the rain Icertainly recommend Neolin Soles. Ihave two pairs of shoes equipped withthem." Scout C. K. Spaulding, ofNewton, Mass., who wrote this,speaks from experience.Thousands and thousands of otheractive boys who have shoes withNeolin Soles vouch for their long wearParents who pay big shoe bills willbe interested in this, for Neolin Solescut those shoe bills down. Buy Neolinsoled shoes, not only for the boys, butfor every member of the family. Theycome in many styles.Have your worn shoes re-soled withNeolin Soles, too. All good repair shopshave them. They are made scientifically by The Goodyear Tire & RubberCo., Akron, Ohio, who also make Wingfoot Heels guaranteed to outwear anyother heel.HERBOYSUrrKRUBBAJI SCHEDULECARS LEAVEXemrton Por . Puis p0raSP LexingtonA. M. .00r A. M. 6T45A. M. 7:20 A. M. - 7:15xA. . 8:50 A. M. 8:15A. U. 10:20 A. M. 9:45A. M. 11.50 A. M. 11:15P. M. 1:20 P. M. 12:45P. M. 2:50 P. M. 2:15P. M. 4:20 P. M. 3:45P. M. 6:00 P. M. 5:15P. M. 7:20 P. M. 6:50P. M. 9:10 P. M. 8:15P. M. 11:00 P. M. 10:05(x) Daily except Sunday.KEHTUCTY TBACnOff AND TEE'UnCAL COMPANYDAVISIMBig Special!10 Pound BucketPureLard$2.50MflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketNOTICE!Fruit and Shade TreeStrawberry PlantClimbing VibeSeed PotatoesRaspberriesGrape VinePerennialHedgeingRosesEtcEverything for th OrchardLawn and Garten, 'Free Illustrated Catalogs.NO AGENTS.H. F. HILLENMEYER&S0NS2UxiutoB, Ke.t.ck7rI$?--..wJff.f11 piMSftTUESDAY, MARCH 25, 1919.THE BOTTEBOH HEWS,, PABIS,' SXKTTJCR3j'i'"" ,-HpiarsETZK(rAMenrwk9F av toliirrt?iay:-Justa tablespoonful of GRANDMA, the wonderful powderedsoap in the water. That takes theplace of all the chipping, slicingpnd rubbing that you do nowwhenever you wash or clean.And you save scap. You knowvnsfc how much to use.Isn't it simple? Vhat woman wouldput up with the fuss and bother ofone? bar soap lying around and wastingLarger away, when she can new have thiaPackage marvelous powdered soap,Grandma's Powdered SoapSaves TIME Saves WORK Saves SOAPYour Grocer Has It!LOWELL AND LODGE OlTLEAGTJEOF NATIONS.IOITR KENTUCKTANS DIRECTRAILROAD SYSTEM. .LOUISVILLE, KY., March 21.Beautiful Women, Tobacco, ThorohrAHs. Whiskv and RailroadMen!The old "Kentucky Famous" mottohas been amended. The grand oldcommonwealth has stepped to thefront with another unexcelled line ofgoods.The nation has came to Kentuckyto Louisville, in fact for the mento operate its nationalized system ofrailroads, acknowledged the greatestin the world.Louisville has furnished the UnitedStates with the brains which controlthe huge transportation system ofthis country all of its big railroadsand many steamship lines.Here they are:Walter D. Hines Director Generalof Railroads.Swager Sherley Chairman of theDivision of Finance.Henry B. Spencer Chairman ofthe Division of Purchases.Charles C. McChord Member ofhe Interstate Commerce Commission.The first three are in actual .control of the operation of the lines andthe laatter has great power in connection with his position as head ofthe rate-making body which setsforth just what the railroads shallcharge for every commodity transported m interstate commerce-C, no rtf fA "WffFftnr" in rail- the country Willroad circles is a Louisville-trainedman.oSELF COHPUISIOHSecretary Glass doesn't want people to buy War Savings Stamps orLiberty Bonds under compulsion.He is right. The only compulsionmust be self-applied., But many persons will not performtheir duty until their conscience isprodded a bit That's why we alwaysneed evangelists not to tell us whatfe right, but to arouse within us aspirit to throw off our lethargy.We'll wake up all right!LOAN TO HELP SEND SOLDIERSTO FARMS.All of the English, speaking countries that have taken part in the warare making arrangements to send asmany returning soldiers hack to theland as care to go. Canada has herplans well under way, as have NewZealand, Australia and the BritishIsles. In this country we are justgetting well started on the proposition. By means of investigations madeby the Government it is found thatwe have millions of acres of land,idle lands, lands suitable for homesteading, acres that ought to be adding to the world's food supply andgiving homes to a race of independent American farmers.The spirit of the whole nation isbacking the proposal of Secretary oftbe Interior Lane to open all theavailable lands of the nation, thepublic lands of the country to tnesoldier. He has recalled to Congressthft crreat nart the mustered-out soldiers of the Civil War played in making the Great West.But to take this land, 15,000,000available acres of it and turn it overto the soldiers will require a governmental appropriation. The moneywill be needed to reclassify and opento entry the lands that are lyingidle. It is the land of the Govern-returning soldier on splendid terms ifFor Influenza!For influenza and after ..effects,use K. U. Tablets. They build upyour nerves and stomach; rid thesystem of all aches, pains and tirsdfeelings. They restore vigor andrim. They are fine for headacheand rheumatism. The contents of K.TJ. Tablets .are used by all of the bestphysicians of the country.Don't be without them in yourhojme. Once tried they are alwaysused. They are put up in 10c and25c boxes and are for sale by alldruggists and groceries.Distributed by theback ud the proposal. What better use couia oemade of a part of the Fifth LibertyT.nnii than this? And to what betteruse could it be placed to work for thefuture of the nation?The money in the hands of theGovernment will make this andother after - the - war projectspossible. These lands will givehomes to thousands of soldiers homefrom the war.It is the solution of such problems as this that causes the Government to need money and to set aboutraising it through the Fifth libertyLoan and War Savings and ThriftStamps. Every dollars worth of securities bought will bring the daywhen before-the-war conditions re. 4cf fhnt much closer. Thebonds of the Fifth Liberty Loan willenable the nation to express its gratitude to the soldiers who comeback; they will fortify our nationalprosperity, increase our shop and agricultural resources and at the sametime they will be a good businessproposition to the man who buysthem.O :A CHILD GETS CROSS,SICK AND FEVERISHWHEN CONSTIPATEDLook, Mother! If Tongue is CoatedClean Little liver andBowels.BOSTON, March 24. "If theleague vshall be put in such shape thatit will promote peace instead ofbreeding disorder and will work noinjustice to these United States I willsupport it," said Senator HenryCabot Lodge, (Republican) in replying to a question of President A.Lawrence Lowell, (Republican) ofHarvard, during their debate on theLeague of Nations covenant Wednesday night."I hope from my heart it will beamended," he added. "I hope thatsuch a league will be framed somewhere. In my belief it will not bedone in Pans."A demand from Dr. Lowell thatMr T.nrlcp. sav whether he would votefor the covenant if it were amendedaccording to his wishes led to theSenator's declaration.Senator Lodge bitterly denouncedPresident Wilson for his failure toconsult Congress on the necessarychanges to' the Covenant of Paris. Hedemanded that Congress immediatelybe called into session to discussamendments.Addressing an audience of 3,000persons in Symphony Hall, the distinguished speakers were applaudedliberally, frequently and apparentlyimpartially, xnere was no nevjumg,though cries of "Good" and "That'sright" followed telling points in thearguments.Senator Lodge outlined his attitudebriefly, as in favor of a League ofNations, but not of the covenant aspresented."The whole treaty should De redrafted." he asserted. "That is myfirst constructive criticism." Referring to the charge that the criticismsof the covenant were not constructiveSenator Lodge pointed out a numberof wavs in which he would amend thetreaty, laying especial stress on theneed of protection of the MonroeDoctrine."The hour is approaching rapidly,"said Dr. Lowell, in summine ud hisplea for the covenant, "when we mustdecide whether our country shall takeits place, like a great and generousnation, side by side with others asguardians of law, order and justice inthe world, or whether it shall turnits face away from a world in agony."He prefaced his argument with thestatement that although he had always been "an inconsistent Republican" and freqnently had been inagreement with Senator Lodge, hecould not agree with his utteranceson the League of Nations covenant,and still less with those of his senatorial colleagues.Dr. Lowell maintained the correctness of the covenant in principle, ar-Ullig uiiav rruuc vcijr utitkWTi, 111its drafting and "easily misunderstood," it should be "accepted andimproved. He described it as an experiment open diplomacy.To meet certain objections Dr.Lowell advocated the insert'oh ofclauses in the covenant permittingwithdrawals from the league on reasonable notice, stipulating that noforeiem Powers shall acauire anv nos-sessions on the American continents,and maKmg it perfectly clear thatimmigration and tariff problems areto be regarded as purely internalaffairs.Senator Lodere. in oueniner his argument, said that he was not againsta .League of Nations, but was anxious to have the free nations of theworld unite to obtain peace and bringnVinnf. "a crnnPTnl rli'anrmowpnf " TToalso denied the charge of inconsist-nnntr KnrtiiiOA rx'F ennonliAP in 1 01 K Iand 1916, favoring "in general" aLeague of Nations.oUPSET STOMACHPape's Diapepsin At Once EndsSoreness, Gases, AcidityIndigestion.Undigested food! Lumps of pain;belching gas, acids and sourness.When your stomach is all upset, hereis instant relief no waiting!VThe moment you eat a tablet ofPape's Diapepsin all the indigestionpain, dyspepsia misery, the soreness,gases and stomach acidity, ends.Pape's Diapepsin tablets cost littleat any drug store, but there is nosurer or quicker stomach reliefknown.(adv)NEW POULTRY HOUSELEON RENAKER & CO.Have Opened a New Poultry in theDow Building, Opposite Hotel Windsorand will pay the highest cash prices forpoultry, eggs, hides and junk. Our truckwill make trips to the country for largequantities of poultry and eggs.GRANT ROBINSON, ManagerCumberland Phone 361Home Phone 552AND$100 STAMPS SOON TO APPEARFor the first time War SavingsStamps in denominations of ?100 willsoon be issued and w'ill be availableto the public upon the same termsas the $5 W. S. S., now on sale atpostoffices and agencies. Decision toissue the new style of W. S. S. wasreached to make more simple the purchase of stamps. The ruling that noone person can have more than $1,000 worth of War Savings Stamps ofone issue still holds good.A $100 War Savings Stamp orCertificate will cost $82.80, if put onsale during March, the price increasing 20 cents each succeeding month,until the end of the year.- The newstamps are now on the press and areabout the size of a $100 bond of theFourth Liberty Loan issue. Decisionto issue them was reached by officials of the Treasury Department asthe result of suggestions by investorsin W. S. S. who stated they found itirksome to amass a number of ?5stamps and attach them to certificates.Plans are also being formulated inthe Treasury Department for theissuance of a ?1,000 stamp or certificate in connection with investmentsin W. S. S. by "limit" buyers. The$1,000 stamps will eliminate the necessity of carrying the ten War Savings Certificates, each containingtwenty War Savings Stamps.The one hundred and one thousanddollar certificates will be a "part ofthe nineteen-nieteen series, and onlynineteen-nineteen Stamps can be exchanged for them. Shortly a certificate will be issued for which nineteen nineteen Stamps may be exchanged. oWHAT'S THE SEASON?may both derive satisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings U3.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 Home Phone 169tK:s;XIIXHUBourbon Laundry iXDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone Nb 4West Fifh StreetxIXIXIXSATISFACTION!Many Paris People in Poor HealthWithout Knowing the CauseOUR WATCHWORD!IXIXIXIWith all the latest-improvementsin laundry appliancesand expert helpers we areprepared to do work inferior to none, and solicityour patronage.XK. TT. CHEMICAL CO.,568 McClelland Building,7feb-3mos) Lexington, Ky.1 t 3fS9tIf your little one's tongue is coated, it is a sure sign the stomach,Hv'fir and bowels need a gentle, thor-1 ough cleansing at once. When yourchild is cross, peevish, listless, paie,doesn't sleep, eat or act naturally, ifhrpath is bad. stomach sour, systemZZ Z full of cold, throat sore, or if fever-SnrinST SnOWIIIg Wh. Eive a teaspoonful of "California9JI & wbbwww 0,cvr of Fiirs and in a few hoursail the clogged-up. constipated waste,sour bile and undigested rood wingently move out of the bowels, andyou have a well, playful child again.Sick children needn't be coaxed totake this harmless "fruit laxative."Millions of mothers keep it handy because they know its action on thestomach, liver and bowels is promptand sure. They also know a littlegiven to-day saves a sick child tomorrow. Aek your druggist for a bottle of"California Syrup of Figs," whichcontains directions for babies, children of all ages and for grown-upsplainly printed on the bottle. Beware of counterfeits sold here. Getthe genuine made by "California FigSyrup Company."(adv)THRELKELD SUCCEEDS STOLL ASLIBERTY L0AJN CHAIRMANW. L. Threlkeld, traveling fieldrepresentative for the Liberty Loancampaigns in Kentucky, has beennamed chairman of the KentuckyDivision, Fourth Federal ReserveDistrict, by the Central Liberty LoanCommittee at Cleveland, to succeedJ. Will Stoll, of Lexington, who recently resigned after serving throughfour loan campaigns and puttingthe Kentucky area far above itsquotas.Mr. Threlkeld's territory, which isknown as the Lexington area, is composed of the fifty-six counties of Central and Eastern Kentucky, which isin the Fourth Federal Reserve District, the remainder of the State being in the St. Louis District. Thenew chairman began his duties Wednesday, when he returned fromCleveland, where he was in conference with Liberty Loan officials. Hewill open an office in Lexington, butwill continue to give much of histime to the field work with which heso familiar, in order to keep inXaXIThe Bourbon Laundr jr jfr Paris, Kentucky) gi ' i tffiEHaMEIQuality Printing!Absolute Satisfaction is one of theRequisites of The News Job PrintingDepartment. A Trial Order Solicited.Misclose touch with the workers in everycounty.oGET READY FOR THE SEVEN-TEEN-TEAR-LOCUSTThere are scores of people whodrag out a miserable existence without realizing cause of their suffering. Day after day they are rackedwith backache and headache; sufferfrom nervousness, dizziness, weakness, languor and depression. Perhans the kidneys have fallen behindin their work of filtering the bloodand that may be the root of thetrouble. Look to your kidneys, assistthem in their work give them thehelD they need. You can use no morehighly recommended: remedy thanDoan's Kidney Pills endorsed Dypeople all over the country and byyour neighbors in Paris.Mrs. John Mastin. 1439 High St.,.Paris, says: "I have used Doan's Kidney Pills with good' results and' Iknow from the help they gave methat they would be just as heneficialin other cases of kidney trouble. Iv,nA o Aw A rtnlT ao.he across thesmall of my back and my kidneysacted irregularly. Doan's Kidney and way stations located within the Maysville District, should,Pills rid me of those compiainis, ana j routed overI should need a kidney remedy againI would certainly take Doan's."Price 60 c, at all dealers. Dontsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same tnaiMrs. Mastin had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.(adv)The Shortest RouteAll long distance messages forMaysvilleOcmIngburgVanceburgBrooksvilleT Whiten Wix.Th trix fhould b boiled in water,spread out Into thin layers and thenexposed to the light and air. Repeatthis process nntil all the color is gone,and tha wax will remain pure andwhltt.U. S. URGES MORE SCHOOLS.Building of additional publicschools in urban and rural communities to accommodate the thousandsof children who are being denied educational advantages for want of accommodations, is being urged andfostered by the TJ. S. Department ofLabor. In a formal statement of theconditions which inquiry has disclosed in various sections, the De-TWIN BROS.irEPAJtrworr tioix?n-703 Main St., Paris, Ky.Dumat Phanomtna! Writer.The elder Dumas, .in one phenomenal year, actually turned out volumeat the rate of one a week. . .The man who is kicking all thetime doesn't get any' better resultsthan the man who merer kiscks at all.Great swarms of the seventeen-year-locustwill infest the UnitedStates in late May and early Junewhich is expected by scientists to beone of the worst "locust years" onrecord. Experts of the Departmentof Agriculture, however, see nothingalarming in the prospect.Once regarded superstitiously as aharbinger of disaster, the periodicalcicada, popularly known as the seventeen-year-locust, because it comes tment of Labor sai:at Ions: intervals, is seen now to be T mftt,v mm; whidno more than an ordinary nonpoisonous insect pest, which can'do littledamage if proper precautions aretaken. The chief injury inflicted bythe insect consists almost wholly inchiselincr srrooves in the branches oftrees for depositing eggs. Youngfruit trees sometimes are killed, butthe damage generally seems greaterthan is actually is, according to theentomologists, and popular alarm isout of proportion to the real danger.Home Long Distancefor the reason that this is the shortest and most direct route forestablishing toll connection with these points.Paris Home Telephone & TelegraphCompany(Incorporated)'J. J. VEATCH.District ManaeerW. H. CAHHOff.loot! XauucerOf the six million that started outfor Paris only six Germans will arrive in that interesting city.Tn irinv cities which boast oftheir parks, their boulevards andtheir public spirit, children are attending schools in. converted privatehouses which were never adapted forschool purposes. In other citiesportable frame schools are beingerected and moved aoout irum Vito place"as the crowded condition ofother schools make that necessary.The building of .schools is expectedMAt'iv toRftrve tne vrime purposef.niiiniiic eriurcLtlonal facilities to 1.J ttutuma-iiffc of children, but also 4I to absorb large quantities of materi-vals and employ a great deal or laoor.Daily Deliveries Are MadeByTRACTION EXPRESSKy.Tractioi & TeminalCo.CAHAL BROS.BARBERSHOPI Prompt tad Craxttons Attentiom fcHOT AHB COXD BATHSProfessional CardsDR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and Throat100MS 403-404FDtST HAT1! BABX BUILKXa'PH0HX IM .WM, GRANNANAttorney-at-Law$00X3 40140ftHBST BATL 1A1HC lfIIJa&A 2-?4 ' . o-f.AK-.-4;a:n4T ,r.frl-v .iTUESDAY, MARCH 25, If IS.JTE$ BOURBON - NEWS. PABISr-EEIJCKy?i,Gi; BIGOT:'tt'iV.SiTHE ALAMO AND PARIS GRANDi r : -T - : ii-: : .Prices10 and 20cWar Tax IncludedHp-TO-DAY, TUESDAYTOMORROW, WEDNESDAYVL: -s.rtI '!fii 1j 'uf" V1'! iinI ,&rIL1J-Shirley Mason and Er nest Truexin "GOOD-BYE, BILL"! Anita Loos and John Emersonjuiew'what to do with Shirley,Mason and Ernest Tmex when they get them to Berlin. ErnestTruex is a Yank Soldier and Shirley Mason an American girl.We are purposely not telling you just how they roast poorBill, because it would spoil the fun of seeing it. Tonight's thehight ! 'Carol Hollow and Antonio Moreno in "The Iron Test,"and Pathe Comedy.-WILLIAM S. MART' IN -"Branding Broadway"New York or New Mexico, you are dead sure of one thingin every William S. Hart picture-FIGHTS! 'This time the husky Westerner tears right into Broadway'sroughest. Watch' him!Big V. Comedy, "LOVE AND LATHER"and Paramount PictographTHURSDAY, MARCH 27Clara Kimball YoungINiiCHEATING CHEATERS11Imagine the surprise of the cheaters when they discoveredanother cheater cheating them.See "Cheating Cheaters," and how Clara Kimball Youngdoes the cheating.-Arbuckle Comedy, "Fatty, the Tough Rube"and Screen Magazine.',MILLEfcSBURGMrs. C. B. Smith returned Sat1 unlay after a few days -visit to Mrs.,4W. G. McClintock, at Paris.' The Millersburg College AlumniAssociation will meet next Thursdayafternoon, March 27, at 2:30 o'clockwith Miss Alfle Ball. ' ' '. Mr. and Mrs. W. G. McClintock,of Paris, were guests 6f Mrs. ' AdahMcClintock" ' ' r and ' 1 'daughter. MissIluth McClintdckV Sunday. . ... . .: ,Mr. and Mrs. H. C. Current returned Saturday from, tneir-weddingtour' and' are at the home of his .parents? Mr. and Mrs. T. W. 'Current.' Special smeeting of Amity tiOdgeNo.'O, F. &: A. M., at 730 j). m:, to-BELOVKD EDUCATOR TO CELEBRATE 86TH BIRTHDAY.WitlT a long and useful life behind him, and prospects for at leasta few- more years in which to inspireand benefit his fellow men, President;Emeritus Jame& Kennedy Patterson,the "grand old man" of the Univer-'sity of Kentucky, of which intitutionhe was president for more thanforty years, will celebrate his eightysixth birthday to-morrow.His has been a useful life a lifein which he has accomplished muchand a life he can look- back overwith pride and with a knowledgethat it has been well-spent. A mostremarkable man is Dr. Pattersonscliolar, writer and builder andevery year he lives the world isgreatly enriched.It was he who founded what isnow the University of Kentucky,served as its head until 1910 andbrought it up to its present highstanding: alongside the leading colIN THE SERVICEOF THEIR COUNTRYday., Third 'degree work of two" candidates. ' Al members are urged tohe present. ' ' ' '. NCrajtes Will' regret to learn that 'he is I ieges and universities of the Unitedill with 'pneumonia, at his homeCarlisle. Rev. Crates was formerlypastor of the Methodist" church'-here.. -t-CalJ.and. inspect the grocerystock of Mr. R. M., Caldwell. Ourst k is new and clean, 'our terms areca. Ii; we cap. sell you goods cheaper;tfi;.i anvone else: no books: no ex-tra clerk hire; no creditors to carry.We will also deliver to our patronsin town. Do not fail to call us overthe Home Phone when you want anything. We .are always prepared toquote prices, and all goods will bedelivered as promptly as possible onreceipt of order. Home Phone 132.Coffees from 25 to 40 cents, whichincludes every variety; flour from$1,130 and $1.65 for twenty-fivepound bag, $f2.80 and $13.00 perbarrel; rice 13 cents per .-pound;rolled oats 13 cents per package; tomatoes 15 and 20 cents; corn 18- an4 20 cents per can; soap from 5cents to 8 cents per bar. Everythingelse in our line in proportion andcan be purchased cheaper than elsewhere. Give us a call, and you aresure to buy.R. M. CALDWELL.( Continued from Page 1.)ing steadily. Every night in the RedCross recreation room there is something going on. Last night a stringquartette, and excellent music, nightbefore was a band concert and tonight there will be movies. Each entertainment is followed, by a lightlunch served by the Red Cross;"Now, I suppose you want to hearsomething about my leave. LeftChansrv on a French express thatruns between Paris arid "Marsielles,but after standing uo for about aI hundred kilos, decided to change atLyon to the American Permission-aire, a French train running betweenDijon and Menton, but operated onlyj for the American soldiers on leave.J No more than found a' place to sitI down than I went to sleep, for I wasEXTRORDINARY ENGAGEMENTLexington Opera House, Tuesday, AprilCincinnati SymphonyOrchestraf y sj avm - i r ivi t w ii ti nrnTi7i nri .ouiwa, ."u in mm ".c uu.xvioiujr fArt0iiri, hmiTR hfih nA -with mvand the students have a never-failing ' wh r left Cha&nyf tQ,4 i my iciici iiiu.il ihjc ouvvtiii& m n"vi'l?rSiaent Patterson was presidentof the university longer thannmiwever heldCHTEBTTRBAT SCHEDTJLEanythe president's chairin?any other university in the Unit-ecLS'tates and during that period offorty years he made thousands offriends among the students. Whileactively head of the University ofKentucky, Dr. Patterson was personally acquainted with most of the student body and he was always heldin the highest esteem and devotion.Throughout Paris and Bourboncounty are hundreds of graduates ofthe" old State College, who attendedthat institution, while Prof. Patterson -was President. From these former pupils comes a paen of praises1mcivDest wishes for the welfare oftlie University's grand old man,whom they learned early in life torespect and esteem, and then to lovefor his masterful character.o. RELIGIOUS., CARS LHAVEXecinertoa J?orFansA. M. 6.0 OrA. M. 7:20A. M. 8:50A. M. 10:20A. M. 11.50P. Rf.-.liP. I. 2:50P. I. 4:20--P,MStA'.-fcfc 7:p.-M. r:l'B. M. 11:00Paris ForLexingtonA. M. 6:45A.,M. 7:15xA. M. 8:15A. M. 9:45A. M. 11:15P. M. 12:45P. M. 2:15P. M. 3:45P.- M. 5:15P. M. 6:50Pt M 8:15P. M. 10:05An all-day sewing will be held today (Tuesday) by the members ofthe Pastor's Aid Society of the Presbyterian church. The ladies will sewlor the Massie Memorial Hospital. Afull attendance of the members isurged. rRev. Dr. Henry M. Sweetspreached an eloquent sermon at thePresbyterian church Sunday moring,taking for his subject, "What Is ItTo Be a Christian," Following thecongregational meeting was(x) D; ally ercept Sunday.BDSMTTJCKY TfcAtfnOBT AKB TER-JUXALUUJLrAAX 'expected. Well, when I woke -uptrain was standing in he station inMarseilles, and the latter place- beinga hundred cso kilos past the placewhere I was supposed to change forNimes, (the area I was assigned! to) ,I decided to stay right on the train,which went right through to theItalian border, and see all the country possible."About all they could do was tosend me back to Chagney or Nimes.And had my leave been cancelledwhen I arrived at Monaco, the point jwhere I eventually unloaded, I wouldhave been well satisfied fwith what Ihad done, because the beauty of thetrip more than made up 'for anythingI saw afterwards. The railroad skirtsthe Mediterranean Sea after gettingout of Marseilles a ways, and let metell you, folks, it is just about themost beautiful thing I've seen."Of course the sights of a tropicalcountry are new to me. There maybe places on' the globe that are morebeautiful, but this one -particularlyappealed to me. We passed grovesand groves of olive trees, and it wasquite a novel sight when getting nearMonaco to look out of the car wiibdows and see people picking orangesin their yards, then to glance aheadand see the snow-capped Alps inItaly. Nearly all the rocks thatjotted out from shore were ornamented in 'some way. Sometimes,with a stone railing, an odd buildingor group of buildings. The buildings all through the country beyond8th.. - -v. EUGENE YSAYE, ConductorCOMPLETE ORCHESTRA, 90 MEKMATINEE AND NIGHTMail Orders Reserved in Order Received. Seat Sale Opens Friday, March 28th, at the-Ben Ali Theatre.Matinee 55cfeo$1.65 Niit S5c to$2.75ANNA CHANDLER GOFF, Local ManagerLEXINGTON COLLEGE OF MUSICfcmwmmMmMMWM --wwwonly wish I could have had one moreday there, and done the town in daylight. "It was wonderful, anyway. Allthe buildings are of white stone;everything was so very clean:"I particularly wanted to1 see thePrince of Monaco's palace, the interior of the Casino, and a big museumof ocean life, but my time was toolimited. If I-m iiere long enough tobe entitled to another leave, I hopeto se more of Southern France."I got out of Monaco at 9:20pi m.and" felt to rocky that I passed upNice and Marseilles, which I had intended to attempt to take in. Arrived at Nimes about noon next day,went to bed right after suppen. GUessthey'll keep me here for about tendays at the hospital, but I hope to beall right soon:"This is George Washington'sborthday, and the Red Cross is giving a dance in their recreation roomthis afternoon, so I'll wind this up-and will continue the account of myleave in my next letter."Love and; best wishes to all,"LEQV"'held, and a committee composed of j Marseilles were of odd architecture,xtoueit lucicci, . ... .w - different from anything l nave yetDr. J.' . vansaut, .was u-ppuniteu luconsider and recommend the selection of a pastor for the church.MM IMIHIIHHnillMMIIint Hi 1 1 H 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 H I H-iP ...ft-CLEAN THE SHELVESAil Winter Shoes Must Go!Spring Goods now arriving;! The J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERS.'1Vtlnand Sixth-. Streets-AND MMBMMMRSParis Ky.Day phone 36(NlSht : . . 56or Home 286Motor equipment. , ;hAmbulance calls promptly Attended to withLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.our3RBiBHBJBJBjBJBniBHBVajseen in France, sort of Spanish design I'd say."For beauty, the trip was onewhich I do not believe 111 ever forget.Well, I arrived at Monaco about noonand told the R. T. O. my troublesabout sleeping past my junctionpoint. They took up my pass, toldme to go up town, look around, and Ji that I'd have to leave town at nineo'clock the same night. In order notto miss any of the sights, I even passed up 'eats,' expecting to take someoranges or something on the run.Went around to the Y,' washed up,and by the way they have beautifulquarters at Monaco. It was formerlya Casino; don't know if that is atheatre or erambline: house m thatpart of the country, but for thestage in one end of it, it resembled apalace."My next move was totake on acog road about 2,000 feet up on amountain. For the short time I had,I could not have made a more interesting trip. It gave me a completeview of the principality of Monaco,and of Monte Carlo, the surroundingcountry and the sea. Likewise agood view of the Italian coast andthe Alps in Italy. At the top of thismountain, reached by the cog road,was some old Roman ruins, the remains of a tower built 12 B. C. Itwas almost dark when I came downoff the mountain, and I had a headache second to none, partly throughloss of sleep, but mostly I believe,through lack of eating. Anyway, Iwalked around Monte Carlo next.Saw the famous Casino where the biggames are pulled off. The hours forAmerican soldiers to go sight seeingthrough the gambling rooms arefrom 8:30 a.em. till 9:00 a. m., so Ilost out on tliat.WeNeed TheRoomw" V fWtt T XnX .UMsdk'&Final Reductions!The fore sigh ted shopper will save bigmoney by taking advantage of this finalsale.Ladies' Mahog anyEnglish, leather taps6.00 values, atLadies' Dark GreyBoots, Louis Heel,18.00 values, atLadies' Black Eng. orCuban Heel Boots,$4.00 values atLadies' assorted dis. continued lines, $5 and'$6 values at -$4.50$5.95smm000 M-JtetQIf Ui i v$4.58SPECIALLadies Patent Kid Oxfords, Louis heel, 6 val. at$3.95Men's G. M. EnglishW.-O. and other famous maKes. $4. ou vai. w wMen's Dark Tan English, $6.00 valuesat m ii1Men's Gun Metal Aa if)Lace, E. & J. makes, ) fy$4.00 values at tpLnfUBoys Gun Metal 4h nflLace, $2.50 values. CI lUDon't Miss This Money - Saving Opportunity.Sale Now Going On.DANParis' Greatest Shoe StoreCOHENWhere Beauty and Economy Reign1 j"One of the natural sights of the I!t-Ntf-- Fa ri - --J-Uown-is atMllllM1IMIf;HrHMIIMMUHUliroigh tjtown -is arig deep ravine . passinu.rv-jMMHlHlJinthe center ofthe cityrsrjft A A-cf-l V wX 7TS4f'.?as-r"ww