i iiJ& tJfr' -THEx w r , fc 'V--fefJ .-PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAB.i1 rTVOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JUNE 6, 1919' iiAJV' "BOURBONNEWSINTERESTING OIL NOTESMr. T. J. Day has arrived fromSelma, Alabama, to take charge offield operations for the Greater Kentucky Petroleum Co., of Paris.In the Evelyn Ross Creek sectionof Estill county the Bourbon Oil &Development Company has broughtin a small stripper in its No. 2, located on the Wm. Raider farm.The Parboken Oil Company isprogressing nicely with its field work."Work on two wells is being pushedon the Kinkead lease. Indicationsare that they will be number oneproducers. Parboken stock advanced last week from 50 cents to $1.00.E. T. Hinton and Guy D. Frenchhave purchased a one-sixteenth, royalty on the William Cherry tract of38 acres adjoining the Angie McReynolds lease of the Great LakesOil Petroleum Company, in Allencounty for the reported price of$2,500. Milwaukee parties have justdrilled in No. 4 on this tract, whichis credited with 60 barrels.The Associated Royalties Company,capitalized at $500,000, has been organized at Paris. This company ownsa number of valuable royaltie's inAllen, county, which it proposes todevelop at once. The following havebeen elected officers of the new corporation: President, E. T. Hinton,Paris; first vice president, Milburn P.Kelley, Louisville; second vice president, Guy D. French, Winchester;secretary, O. T. Hinton, Paris; treasurer, Dr. J. M. Williams, Paris.At the election of officers for theG-erater Kentucky Petroleum Company held recently, the followingwere selected: President, Frank P.White; vice-president and fieldmanager, T. J. Day; secretary. JohnM. Stuart; treasurer, George L.Doyle; chief counsel, Oscar T. Hinton. The Board of Directors is composed of the above officials, with theaddition of Mr. George W. Stuart.oTHE BEST BUY!The best buy Greater KentuckyPetroleum Company stock. See' pagead in this issue. (It)oREAL ESTATE TRASS ACTIONSStokely & Jackson, of Winchester, agents for Mrs. Rachel Duvall,sold a house and lot on Lexingtonavenue, in that city opposite the cemetery, to Mr. W.S. Patton, of Bourbon county, for $2,200. Mr. Pattongets immediate possession, but Mr.Becraft will continue to occupy theplace for a while.oTHE HOT WEATHER STOVESCHAMBERS EERELESS GASRANGES.Get a pamphlet and see what youcan save by using a Chambers Fireless Gas Range. Let us show youthis stove it's a wonder.(30-8t) JOHN MERRINGER.oDEEnCULTY AT CIRCUSWillard Calbert, white, of Escondida, and an unknown negro becameinvolved in an argument Tuesdaynight on the grounds where GentryBros.' Circus was exhibiting. Calbert was badly cut about the face andarms with a razor in the hands ofthe negro. The injured man wastaken to the office of Dr. C. G.Daugherty, and, later, due to his serious condition from loss of blood,was removed to the Massie MemorialHospital, where he was given medicalattention. The negro, who did thecutting, escaped.Reports were current on the streetsafter the night performance that twonegroes had had a difficulty, resulting in one of them being shotthrough the mouth, but investigationcould not verify it.ALLREADY TO SUPPLY YOU;HELD, POULTRY AMDRABBIT EENCEWe have received a large shipmentof American Field poultry and rabbitfence. Why not get the best? It isthe cheapest.(27-4t) LOWRY & MAY.oCOUNCIL CONSIDERS STREETSA special meeting of the ParisCity Council was held in the office ofMayor E. B. January, in the FirstNational Bank building Tuesdaynight for the purpose of consideringthe matter of material to be used forthe construction of permanentstreets for the city of Paris. Councilman Veatch, Arkle, Kiser, Spearsand Christman, and Street Superintendent Ben Steagall were present.The following representatives ofvarious companies whose materialsare used in the construction ofstreets were present and submittedclaims for their products: WallaceMuir, J. M. Pope and G. W. McLeod,of the Bluegrass Traction & TerminalCo.. and R. W. Davis, of the Kentucky Rock Asphalt Company. Action in the matter was deferred until another meeting.CORP. JOE MITCHELL BRINGSBBIDE BACK WITH HMTo be mustered out of the serviceafter a long and faithful attentionto the duties imposed upon him byUncle Sam, and at the same time tobring back with him the bride whomhe married two years ago, is thedouble good fortune that has befallenCorp. Jos. G. Mitchells now of Paris,and lately of the TL S. Army. Andin the telling it can be shown thata man can. really keep a secret.When young Mitchell was in activetraining at Camp Zachary Taylor,whehe he was sent after respondinggallantly to the call to the colors,he met Miss Mary Mehan, who wasat that time one of the valued members of the stenographers' force inthe offices of the Louisville & Nashville railroad in Louisville. It was acase of fascination at first sight, andthe acquaintance thus formed developed rapidly into love. When thecall came for his detachment to makeready for the overseas trip PrivateMitchell and Miss Mehan decided tolink their lives and fates together,and accordingly they were united inmarriage in Louisville in April, 1918.Private Mitchell sent a message tohis father, Mr. Newton Mitchell, inthis city, telling of the step he hadtaken and asking that the news ofthe marriage be kept a secret. Heproceeded on his overseas journey,while the new bride returned to herdesk, where she remained steadily atwork until the message came fromher. husband telling of his safe arrival in New York. She went to theport of embarkation and met him,returning with him to Louisville,where he was mustered out a fewdays ago. Mr. and Mrs. Mitchellcame to Paris Wednesday and weretendered a reception and family dinner at the home of his parents, onDuncan avenue.Before he was called to the colorsMr. Mitchell was employed in thetransportation - department of theLouisville & Nashville at this point.His old position had been held openfor him, and he will resume it again.FOR GRADUATES.The House of QualityforGraduation Gifts.(tf) SHIRE & FITHIAN.BIG CROWD WITNESSES OPENINGAT LATONIA,- One of the biggest crowds that hasbeen in- or near a race track for manyyears was present Wednesday at theopening of the twenty-seventh annual spring meeting of the Latoniatrack. The crowd filled the grandstand and overflowed to wherever itcould see anything going on. Thegrounds have been wonderfullybeautified under the able administration of Messrs. Matt Winn and JohnHachmeister and presented a sightgood to see. But the big crowd wasmore interested in the racers than inthe beauty of any landscape gardenening effect, and with money inhand, flocked to the pari-mutuals towager on their favorites.Surprises ruled the day in nearlyall the races. But the biggest surprise of the day came in the winningof the Inaugural Handicap by Freecutter, who romped away with theprize, with The Porter second, andRancher third. The winners were:Harry Burgoyne; Mickey Moore;Wilson the Great; Basil C; Freecutter; Ormond; Hocuir.Paris and Bourbon county was wellreperesented by a large attendance oflovers of the sport. A large crowdwill go to-morrow to witness the running of the Latonia Derby.. -oTHE BEST BUY!The best buy Greater KentuckyPetroleum Company stock. See pagead in this issue. (It)oPROE. HENDRICKS RESIGNSPRESIDENCY OP HAMILTONProf. T. A. Hendrcks, president ofHamilton College, at Lexington, wVowill retire from that office with theclose of the present school year, hasaccepted a position as principal ofthe Clark County High -School, atWinchester, to succeed Professor J.L. Bosley, resigned.Prof. Hendricks has been at Hamiitnn fniipjrp. n. vear. and before com-ling to Lexington, was superintendent of the public scnoois ai jro.no.His successor has' -not yet been selected. o-THE BEST BUY!The best buy Greater KentuckyPetroleum Company stock. See pagead in this issue. C11)oSTATE LIBRARY BODY WILLMEET JUNE 19.The Kentucky Library Commissionwill meet in Frankfort, June 19, toselect an assistant secretary to succeed Miss Harriet Boswejl, who resigned in order to become librarianof the library at Paducah. Miss Boswell is a native of Paducah and whileregretting to give up her work withthe commission, felt that she couldnot turn down the offer to take,charge of the library in her nativecity Miss Fannie Rawson, secretary,will' make her annual report to thecommission. . .Members of the commission are.-r..ff ond rr E. L. Powell,Louisville; Mrs. Nat Sewel London;A. H. Hill. raiiKiiu, i -.A. Bain, Shelbyville.LITIGATION ON LARGE SCALE.PARIS ATTORNEY IN HARK-NESSSUIT.A suit to recover about $2,000,000.00 of taxes from the L. V. Harkness estate was filed yesterday in theFayette County Court.Shortly after the death of L. V.Harkness, the owner of Walnut HallStock Farm, a suit was filed in theFayette County Court, brought bySheriff Bradley, of Lexington, to recover back taxes for five years.About the same time a suit was alsofiled by Back Tax Collector Byars forthe same purpose and there was acontroversy between the Sheriff andByars, which suit should be prosecuted. The suit brought by the Sheriff was compromised for about $250,000.00 by an agreed judgment taxing the estate to that amount. Byarssuit to recover the full amount oftaxes was dismissed on the groundthat the Sheriff's agreed judgmentwas a bar to Byars' suit.Now, Revenue Agent Coyne,through his attorneys, Robt. B.Franklin, of Frankfort, and Robt, C.Talbott, of Paris, has brought suit toset aside the agreed judgment and torecover about $2,000,000.00 of taxes.The petition states that Harknesshad personal property of the valueof $80,000,00 to $150,000.00 a yearfor the past five years of his life andthe purpose of the suit is to set asidethe agreed judgment and to requirethe estate to pay the real amount oftaxes aggregating $2,000,000. Thesuit is receiving extensive notice inthe press of the State, including notonly news items on the subject, buteditorials also, and the outcome willbe watched with great interest.THE BEST-BUY!The best buy Greater KentuckyPetroleum Company stock. See pagead in this issue. (It)O;SAVE $3.00 TO $5.00 ONBEACH SUITS.PALMOur Palm Beaches are now ready.You know our prices are right. Putone on and save from $3.00 to $5.00., L. WOLLSTEIN,(6-tf) 619 Main Street.SUPREME COURT KNOCKS OUTTELEPHONE SUITS.Information was received here bymanagers of the two telephone companies, the Cumberland and theHome, of the decision .of the UnitedStates Supreme Court upholdingPostmaster General Burleson in hisright to increase telephone rates.This decision will have the effectof a knock-out blow on the injunction suits filed here Saturday by representatives of Bourbon county, restraining the two telephone companies from increasing their rates.WE KNOW HWiATTiIS HEREDon't Be Without One !There is nothing in the way of headwear that takesthe place of a Straw Hat or Panama in hot weather.We are showing all shapes and kinds in Panamas,Leghorns, Bankoks, Plain Sailor Straws, Rough Braidsand Sennets.A very stylish rough straw made with turned-upbrim, one of the newest styles shown in town for theyoung fellow who wants something extremely differentself-conforming and very light weight.PanamasFrom$5.00 to $12.00Straw HatsFrom$2.00 to $5.00Take-off that hot felt hat and replace it with a cool,comfortable straw.MITCHELL & BLAKEMORECOUNTY SCHOOL SUES FOR LARGER SCHOOL LEVY.A suit was filed in the office ofCircuit Clerk Wm. H. Webb, Wednesday by attorneys representing; theBourbon County Board of Educationagainst the .Bourbon Fiscal Court,asking for an additional levy of tenCents on everv SI 00 worth nf n5P;i1 Klrt ,. J... i A1-- i - ,ltic luupeny m tne county ior scnooipurposes.The petition states that on March3 the plaintiffs made an estimate ofthe educational needs. of. the county,which aggregated an expenditure of$54,000 and requested the FiscalCourt to grant an assessment oftwenty cents. The Fiscal Court declined to grant the request and madea-levy of ten cents.The Board alleges that the levy often cents is wholly inadequate forthe ensuing year, and that it will beimpossible to conduct the countyschools in the manner in which theyshould be conducted unless the additional levy is ordered.The petition charges that the present rate of taxation is entirely insufficient to meet the demands of thepublic schools and that more moneymust be raised. It asserts that teachers have to pay almost double forboard, that in many instances it takesmore than half their salary to meetboard expenses, that teachers have towalk or ride from three to sevenmiles to and from their schools, thatteacherages and school buildings willhave to be built and other improvements made to meet the demands ofthe times.THE BEST BUY!The best buy Greater KentuckyPetroleum Company stock. See pagead in this issue. (It)oSIMMS BUYS BELGRAVIA, BAM OPBONNIE MARY.Mr. Arthur B. Hancock, of theClaibourne Stock Farm, near Paris,sold to Mr. Edward Simms, of Houston, Texas formerly of this city, thebrown mare Belgravia by Ben BrushBonnie Gal by Galopin at a pricenot given out for publication.Mr. Simms will send the mare tohis Xalapa Farm, on the North Middletown pike, near Paris. Belgraviais the dam of the fast filly, BonnieMary, winner of her two starts atBelmont Park, including the Juvenile Stakes and was bred at the Castleton Farm near Lexington by JamesR Keene, and sold to Corrigan &MoKinney at the dispersal of thatainL jaVio. was nm1r sold at theVHmg-out -sale of James W. Corri-AJfti nf fhp kqttjp time her nllv byUltimus now famous as Bonnie Mary,changed hands.oTHE BEST BUY!The best buy Greater KentuckyPetroleum Company stock. See pagead in this issue. (It)GETTING READY TO GATHERBLUEGRASS CROP.One of the annuaKevents on mostof the Bourbon county farms is thegathering of the bluegrass seed crop,which requires a large number ofhorses, machines and men for itscompletion.Extensive preparations are beingmade this year for gathering andhandling the bluegrass seed crop,which is said to be the heaviest formany years, and of a very superiorquality. The heavy crop is said bythose who claim to be in the know,to be due to the heavy moisturewhich gave the grass an addedgrowth and produced stalks of unusual height, when handed out. It isclaimed to be one of the most succulent grasses in the world for stock,and for lawns has no equal.Every year the bluegrass industrybrings thousands of dollars to Bourbon county farmers. The cleanedproduct is sent to many foreigncountries, and before the war Germany obtained the bulk of the crop.Magazine and feature writers havefeatured it in their publications sooften, accompanied by illustrations,that there is very little left for thecountry paper space writer to enlargeon regarding the bluegrass crop.About all that is left him is a generalsummary of the total number ofbushels produced, and their value, atthe end of the season, which is generally a short one. Bourbon countyis given the credit for being the largest bluegrass producing county inKentucky, and perhaps in the world.The harvest will begin about nextMonday. Farmers are of the opinionthat they will be able to secure amplelabor. They are paying the sameprices as obtained last year, $3 perday for drivers and $5 per day forrakers. The opening price for theseed has not yet been fixed.Machines will be operated by thefollowing farmers and seed merchants: C. S. Brent & Bro., eighteen;W. A. Thompason, forty; JamesM. Caldwell, twenty-six; Soper &Clark, fifty. Several others willoperate from five to ten machineseach, and still others a lesser number. Postmaster J. Walter Payne, ofParis, acting for the United StatesDepartment of Labor, Wednesday notified the Lexington Board of, Commerce that work was to tehad' inBourbon county for two hundredmen in the bluegrass seed harvest.oTHE BEST BUY!The best buy Greater KentuckyPetroleum Company stock. See pagead in this issue. (It)oBOURBON ITSCA1 COURTThe June term of the Bourbon Fiscal Court convened in the CountyCourt room yesterday morning withCounty Judge George Batterton presiding, and the following Magistrates present: Fretwell, Thomason,Burris, Talbott, Stephenson, Wiggins,Shropshire and Turner.Claims amounting to several hundred dollars against the county wereallowed and ordered paid. CountyRoad Engineer Bedford read his report for the month of May, whichwas received and filed.County Treasurer S. B. Bedfordwas ordered to borrow the sum of$4,000 from the Hamilton Fund forthe use of the Turnpike Fund, and toexecute his note for same, payableJanuary 1, 1920, bearing interest atthe rate of six per cent, from dateuntil paid. He was further orderedto borrow the sum of $8,000 fromthe Garth Fund for the use of theTurnpike Fund, and to execute hisnote for same, payable January 1,1920, bearing interest at the rate ofsix per cent, from date until paid.He was also ordered to borrow thesum of $8,000 for the use of the General Fund, and to execute his notefor same, payable June 1, 1920, bearing interest at the rate of six percent, from date until paid.The County Road Engineer was instructed to make a survey of theWyatt dirt road. It was orderedthat the sum of ?8 per month be appropriated for the support of SarahDangerfield. The Court then adjourned to July term.oBEST PENCE IN THE WORLD:BIG STOCK AT LOWRY & MATSThe American is the best fence inthe world and sold at same price asinferior fences. We have a splendidstock of all sizes and styles.(27-4t) LOWRY & MAY.oTEACHERS FOR COUNTY SCHOOLSTO BE ELECTED.The election of teachers for thecounty schools of Bourbon countywill be held to-morrow afternoon inthe office of County Superintendentof Schools J. B. Caywood. The different subdivisions with the list of members and time at which each divisionwill meet, is as follows:Division No. 1. At 1:00 p. m.D. C. Lisle, J. M. Leach, Grant Galloway, Frank Current.Division No. 2. At 1:30 p. m.T. B. Brannock, W. B. Kiser, R. H.Lail, W. T. Cook; A. H. Fritz.Division No. 3. At 2:00 p. m.G. L. Moreland, H S. Lake, H. W.Purdy, Ashby Leer, W. L. Cantrill.Division No. 4. At 2:30 p. m.Reynolds Letton, Samuel Clay, Tilford Hinkle.Division No. 5. At 3:00 p. m.Walter Waugh, W. S. Mitchell, W. R.Tuttle, J. R. Price. vDivision No. 6. Atr3:30 p. m.R. L. Stipp, J. F. Ingels, S. W. SpearsvGeo Link, Charles White.-IN THE SERVICE OP 'I'HHiiiCOUNTRY.Several Paris and Bourbon countyboys, according to a message fromthe War Department, are said to beon the big transport which recentlysailed from France, and due to antrein New York harbor about June 9.The boys have been held in an emergency camp near Brest, France, forsometime, waiting: for transnortatfonhome.Finnell Galloway, of Paris, hwo hasbeen in the service for many months,finally attaining the rank of lieutenant, arrived in Paris yesterday, a private citizen again. He received hisfinal discharge papers at Camp Zachary Taylor, where he was musteredout Wednesday. Mr. Galloway will,take a short vacation before plunging into the whirl of business lifeagain.PARIS BANKS IN THE VICTORYLOAN DRIVE., According to a report recently sub-...v uj, xl, yv. -u. iureiiteia, neittagent for the fifty-six counties of thedistrict during the recent VictoryLoan campaign, three banks in Covington, three in Lexington, and threein Paris, appear in the list of thefourteen Kentucky banks purchasingthe largest amount of certificates.In this list of fourteen banksthe Paris banks referred to are givenwith their subscriptions as follows:Bourbon-Agricultural Bank & TrustCo., Paris, $347,000; Deposit andPeoples Bank of Paris, $332,000;First National Bank of Paris, $310,000. The Harris-Seller Banking;Company, of Versailles, was third inpercentage, and ties the First National Bank, of Paris, in taking;$310,000 in certificates.THE BEST BUY! :The best buy Greater KentuckyPetroleum Company stock. See pagaad in this issue. (it)oA WONDERFUL SELECTION.A wondtrful stMk frtm whichto sitct Graduation Gifts forgirls and boys.() SHIRE & FITHIAN.-o .ED CROSS BRUTGS NEWS OF -anssnre jgar.Hundreds of men misHiner in action, 958 of them to be exact, havebeen found since the first of Maythrough the efforts of the Red CrossDepartment of Military Relief in thethree army camps in Ohio, Indiana,and Kentucky.Red Cross workers in the camps,say reports sent to Lake Division,headquarters in Cleveland, Ohio, havequestioned men of each, organization,that comes into the camp to be demobilized, as to what they know oftheir comrades still reported missing;The search, has been successful beyond all expectations.Often someone has seen a "missing;man" go into action, go. over the top,hit by shell, taken to some definitehospital. Whatever has become ofthese lost men American. Red Crosscamp service workers manage to findout all about it.In Camp Sherman (O.) definitenews of 464 men has been obtained.In Camp Taylor (Ky.) news of 486'and in Fort Benjamin Harrison(Ind.) news of 8. Each instancemeans that some family has been relieved of the suspense of agonizedwaiting for news through the work'of the Red Cross men.WE KNOW.Let us make your gift suggestions(30-tf) THE A. J. WINTERS CO.. 'oSPEEDERS ITNED.wIn Police Court, Judge Ernest Maiwtin assessed fines of $7.50 each,against A. J. Duncan. Shirtev rnizell and Garland Fisher, chargedwith volating the speed laws withinthe city imits of Paris.The offenders were placed underarrest by Patrolman Robert Lusk,who was stationed at a point of vantage in East Paris. Two other speeders making about forty miles an.hour, had their numbers takenwhich were sent to Frankfort forpurpose of ascertaining the identity4of the occupants of the machines.,These will also be proceeded againstas soon as the proper papers are served on them. Cards have been placedin. all autos giying warning- to fhowners or drivers that they would be.fined in the future if their cars, werenot parked in .the proper placeo .THE BEST BUY! f-The best buy Greater TTcnf,,nw.Petroleum Company stock. See pae- .ad in this- issue. A 7 rTTR.QT TAATt AT? T limn S. jJUiLu vjc -lxnjBJM - i.O ." c" &The. firct lio r i.t. - . ", . ?i" . , 1tulua m oe snipped from Pans this season, went out.Tuesday over the Louisville & Nih- "ville, consigned to the Ciianti -market.They were shinn k -ril'Sl'J MmMt una:& iiU, wiiiuu. ayaragta seventy--fivepounds. The l&mha Km .. "(fancy price in the market.. ".5It, ift.AGE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS. PARIS. KENTUCKYFRIDAY, JUNE $, 191f.mI S'Kj- iAim5SE DOCTOR AWAY EEOH HOMEWHEN MOST NEEDEDPeople are often, very much, disappointed to find that their physicianis sway from home when they mostaeed his services. Diseases like painin the stomach are bowels, colic anddiarrhoea require prompt traetmentand have in many instances provenfetal before medicine could be procured or a pnysician summoned. Theright way is to keep at hand a bottleof Chamberlain's Colic and DiarrhoeaBemedy. No physician can prescribea. better medicine for these diseases.By having it in the house you escapemuch, pain and suffering and all risk.Buy it now; it may save life.(june-adv)brighter;EVENINGSi--.SiNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworjth living, than a well illuminatea house.useOiectn'oityTor D'afttingIt's the only satisfactory way.use Setsfor Beating ana CookingIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix You UpFor the Use of BothElectricity and Gas.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(InconKwatad)"FAKE" ASPIRIN,WAS TALCUMr$Kere'fore Insist Upon Genuine "Bayer Tabletsjof Aspjrin"j)A 7feAjiimMillions of fraudulent AspirinTablets were sold by a Brooklynmanufacturer, which later proved tobe composed mainly of Talcum Powder. "Bayer Tablets of Aspirin," thetrue, genuine, American made andAemircan owned Tablets are markedwith the safety "Bayer Cross."Ask for and then insist upon"Bayer Tablets of Aspirin" and always buy them in the original Bayerpackage which contains proper directions "and dosage.Aspirin is the trade mark of BayerManufacturer of Monoaceticacidesterof Salicylicocid. (adv-tf-F)oMILLION DOLLAR GROCERY BILLAT AMERICAN CAMPIN FRANCE.Eye Examination!We use in our examination of theeyelTTlie OPTHALMOMETER, theOMPKALTVIOSCOPE, KETJNOSCOPEaadkmany other instruments combined with the trial cas.e. We alsomake; trans-illuminary and bloodpressure, testsv,Wo specialize in therFITTING OF KRYPTOKS,The invisible bifocal lenses..Charges moderate to all.Dr.,Wm. Riley Franklin' 1.5 tSuite 203-204 First National BankBoth Phones. Paris, Ky.The April grocery hill for thePontanesen camp near Brest, whereAmerican doughboys in transit fromFrance to America await for a fewdays the transport that it to takethem back home, was $1,128,000.In all 1,912,000 rations or 4,386,-000 meals were served, the totalweight being 9,560,000 pounds.TO PREVENT BELCHINGMake a regular habit of eatingslowly, masticate your food thoroughIv, and you may have no furthertrouble. If you should, take one ofChamberlain's Tablets immediatelyafter supper.(june-adv)oThere are millionaires and paupers, but the man who sleeps thesoundest at night and eats breakfastwith the most relish in the morningis the richest.oOver 2,000 years ago the ancientGauls made good soap of beech ashesand the fat of goats.INTERURBAN SCHEDULECARS LEAVELexington For Paris PorParis LexingtonA. M. 6.00x A. M. 6:45A. M. 7:20 A. M. 7:15xA. M. 8:50 A. M. 8:15A. M. 10:20 A. M. 9:45A. M. 11.50 A. M. 11:15P. M. 1:20 P. M. 12:45P. M. 2:50 P. M. 2:15P. M. 4:20 P. M. 3:45P. M. 6:00 P. M. 5:15P. M. 7:20 P. M. 6:50P. M. 9:10 P. M. 8:15P. M. 11:00 P. M. 10:05(r) Dailyv except Sunday.KENTUCKY TRACTION AND TERi TVTTNAT, COMPANYw-Big SpringValues&9C5-V& Ginghams, values up to 35ct go at I20c yardp1 Percale at 20c yardVoiles at 1 5c yardNainsook, 50c values, at 39c yard,r Outing cloth at 1 9c yardBest Bed Ticking that sold at 75c goes at. . .49c yardAll Dry Goods at Way Below CostFor 10 Days Only.I Am Going to Sell Out My China andn ICi'aniA lAsiro ! i!Act-;.' . . '".and now is your chance to get some good values. Also- all LEATHER GOODS, such as r'ocketbooks, go at COST,f Don't miss this sale, as we will save you money on lots4of things you have to have.J-v)iiv-fiAHihtt'JOCHILDREN'S DRESSES AT COSTLadies' Shirtwaists Go the Same WayThis Sale Starts Saturday, May 31'Be On Hand EarlyRemember, All Dry Goods at Cost.PARIS RACKET -STORErcI'P IN THE SERVICE OE THEIRCOITOTRY.Mr. Ernest Flora, who was recently mustered out of the service aTCamp Custer, Mich., was a guest recently of friends in Paris. He wasen route to his former home in Carlisle.Major Henry F. Rhodes, who wasat tne neaa or tne selective servicein Kentucky, said that as rapidly aspossible discharges from the servicewill be sent to the members of thelocal draft boards, whose duties ceased several weeks ago.A letter was received in. Paris recently by friends from LawrenceJames, who is now in France, statingthat he expected to sail for Americaabout May 18, and it is probable thathe is now close to the last lap on thejourney to New York harbor. Jameswrote in his letter of meeting EarlCurtis in France, and that he expressed the hope of starting on thehomeward journey soon. Curtis hadrecently received another promotion,to the rank of Lieutenant in the service.Returning transports from overseas have brought in a large numberof members of the American Expeditionary Force, which has been doingduty in France for many months.Among those who have recently arrived and reported are two formerParis boys, Henry Tucker and MikeAtlas, the former arriving at NewYork, Saturday, and the latter arriving in Philadelphia, Sunday. Bothwill come to Paris for a visit as soonas they are mustered out, which theyhope will be an event of the verynear future.Major John S. Sweeney, formerlyof Paris, and Chicago, who has beenin the service as a member of theMedical Corps of the U. S. Army, is aguest of his mother, Mrs. John S.Sweeney, on Higgins avenue. MajorSweeney before his Induction intothe army service, was one of theleading physicans of Chicago, beingstationed at the Palmer House ashouse physican. He was for sometime stationed at Ft. Sheridan, nearChicago.Mr. Stanley Young, son of Mr. andMrs. J. W. Young, of North Middletown, has returned home from CampZachary Taylor, where he was mustered out of the service recently. Mr.Young enlisted in the service in thesummer of 1918, and after a shortperiod of training was sent to Franceas a member of the American Expeditionary Force, but the the signingof the armistice ended his chancesof getting into the fighting. He returned to America on May 21, andproceeded to Camp Taylor, where hereceived his final discharge papers.It is rumored that Earl Blake, withthe American forces in Russia, baslost a foot in battle and will soo-tf besent home. His name appeared W-cently among the casualties in a Cincinnati paper, but the extent of hisinjury was not given. His sister,Miss Margaret Blake, has receivednumerous letters from him, writtenon hospital stationery, but he did nottell how badly he was wounded. Shewired "Washington and was- informed that the reports from Russia weretoo meager for definite information.Young Blake is a nephew of Mr.John Blake, of Paris.W - B-4 FIREInsure withW.O. M1NTON & SON,AtsFIRE DESTROYS HOME IN CLARKCOUNTY.The residence of Mrs. Susan Bowman, at Mooresville, on the MuddyCreek- pike, in Clark county, wasdestroyed by fire of unknown origin.The house and practically all thefurnishings were lost. The fire hadgained considerable headway beforeit was discovered. The loss is placed at about $2,000 and no insurancewas carried.j oFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanLostOn streets of Paris, Saturday, smallpurse, with stamp of First NationalBank on cover, containing about $4in money. Suitable reward if returned to this office. (tf)For SaleNice lot of Canary Birds, of thefamous strain raised by the late Mrs.Frank Paton. Good singers. Yellowand mixed colors. Price reasonable.Phone 729.(2t) V MISS LEILA KELLER.NOTICE!BOURBON CIRCUIT COURTJ. M. Abnee's Admr., Etc., PlaintiffsVs. NOTICE.Chas. Abnee, Etc., DefendantNotice is hereby given to the creditors of J. M. Abnee, deceased, to present their claims, properly provento the undersigned Master Commissioner in his office at any time before June 12, 1919.O. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner Bourbon Circuit Court.(june3-6-10)f $STOUT WOMENDiscuss Your Dress RequirementsWith'&i rI -ZjfoKgh?dr"Cincinnati's Conservative Clothes Specullist"ABiBIK. :',Or With One Of His ExpertsYou would no more think of going to alawyer if you were sick than you wouldthink of going to a medical doctor forlegal advice. Each may be an expert inhis particular calling, but their judgmenton questions pertaining to subjects inwhich they are not specially trained, orfamiliar with, would naturally be veryunreliable and probably disastrous. Isn'tit just as logical, then, that when youcome to deciding a question of properv 1 wearing apparel that you consult one whonao xui j'ccixo malic a. obuuj jx uiic wiuuxicorequirements of STOUT WOMEN andWomen Hard-to-Fit?F. L. L. ModelsSUITS, COATSand DRESSESSizes 16 to 59 Bust .are designed by Frank L. Lippard and fashioned under his personal supervisionguaranteeing you the most wonderful and perfect garments in the world .forSTOUT WOMEN and Women Hard-to-Fit.2,500 Garments to Select FromSUITS, $25.00 to $77.50COATS, $20 to $89.50DRESSES, $15 to $65.00SKIRTS, $6.98 to $27.50WAISTS, $4.98 to $27.50It will pay you to get on the train, come to Cincinnati and visit OHIO'SGREATEST STORE for STOUT WOMEN AND WOMEN HARD-TO-FIT. Youcan also be fitted in Underwear, House Dresses, Bungalow Aprons, Petticoats,Hosiery, Sweaters, Wash Skirts, Wash Dresses, etc., up to 59 Bust.Windhorst'sFRANK L. LIPPARD, PresidentTwelfth and Main Cincinnati, OhioONE BLOCK NORTH OF THE NEW COURT HOUSE ON MAIN STREETFord For SaleFord car in good condition. If soldat once for cash it can be bought ata bargain.(30-tf) MARTIN BROS.FoundFound, on streets of Paris, a ladies'brooch pin. Owner may have someby proving property and paying forthis advertisement. Enquire atNEWS office.Sweet Potato PlantsFresh out of our own bed.BUSY BEE CASH STORE.Auto For SaleThree-passenger Studebaker roadster, good as new. Will demonstrateit. Call Cumberland Phone 552.(13-tf) S. E. McCLANAHAN.Alfalfa and Stock FarmsIn the famous black paririe belt ofNortheast Mississippi, ranging from50 to 200 acres.Write for literature and prices.MISSISSIPPI FARM SALESAGENCY,Columbus, Miss.' (tilll3june v JlWhy Complain of Poor CoffeeOr The High Price of. Coffee"when you can have a superiorbeverage of rich flavor andhealth value by drinking theoriginalPostum CerealIt's an American drink whosehigH quality never varies. Itsprice doesn't change and it'seconomical.I Two sizes, usually sold at 15c and 25c.Everywhere at Grocers.j. wUI:44o4I4.-)".fFRIDAY, JUNE 6, 1919.THE BOURBON HEWS, PARIS,' KEHTOC1TAPAGEzTHIS WEAK, -NERVOUSMOTHERTells How Lydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable CompoundRestored Her Health.PLAUDIT, NOTED 'BACERSTKE DEAD.ANDPhiladelphia, Pa. "I was very weak,always tired, my back ached, and I feltsickly most of thetime. I went to adoctor and he saidI had nervous indigestion, which added to my weakcondition kep meworrying most ofthe time and hesaid if I could notstop that, I couldnot get well. Iheard so muchaboutLydia E. Pinkham'aVegetable Com-r)un3 my husband wanted me to try ittook it for a week and felt a little better. I kept it up for three months, andI feel fine and can eat anything nowwithout distress or nervousness. ' 'Mrs.J. Worthline, 2842 North Taylor St.,Philadelphia Pa.The majority of mothers nowadaysoverdo, tnere are so many demandsupon their time and strength; the resultis invariably a weakened, run-down,nervous condition with headaches, backache, irritability and depression andsoon more serious ailments develop.It is at such periods in life that Lydia E.rinkham's Vegetable Compound willrestore a normal healthy condition, asit did to Mrs. Worthline.Houses constructed entirely of saltare a unique feature of some of theTillages in. Russian Poland.oMontana sets the highest minimum age (16 years) at which a childis allowed to work.Pualdit, winner of the KentuckyDerby in. 1898, dropped, dead afterhis daily gallop of four miles atHamburg Place, near Lexington, lastweek.The body was buried near those ofthe great race mares, Imp and IdaPickwick, (granddam of Old Rosebud) and the wonderful trottingchampion, Nancy Hanks.Plaudit was foaled in 1895, theproperty of Dr. J. D. Neet, of Versailles, from whom John E. Maddenbought him in the spring of 1897.In Madden's colors that year he wonNursery and Shampion Stakes anddefeated Ben Brush, then a four-year-oldand the best handicap horseat that time in training at Brooklyn. The following year he won theKentucky Derby, a-nd was defeatedfor the Latonia Derby by Hand Or,to whom he was conceding muchweight.Madden sold Plaudit to William C.Whitney for $25,000, and when hisracing days were concluded broughthim back and put him in the stud atHamburg Place. He was the sire ofKing James, Bill Curtis, Plate Glass,Bringhurst, Casuarina, Cheerful andother good horses.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.LEMON JUICEFOR FRECKLES! Girls! Make beauty lotion TorI a few cents Try It!. . . -" .--REPUBLICTRUCKRebuilt V2 TonExcellent conditionWrite for Ob list bfUsed Trubk SpecialsHarry P. Kellyl:IJH.mT7--1:t'iHiREPHBiaCfLMOTOR TRUCKS1010 GubertAeS!tCirxcitin.al,0.:lm1 mi m "Lmn ditSqueeze the juice of two lemonsinto a bottle containing three ouncesfo orchard white, shake well, andyou have a quarter pint of the bestfreckle and tan lotion, and complexion beautifier, at very, verysmall cost.Your grocer has the lemons andany diyug store or toilet counterwill supply three ounces of orchardwhite for a few cents. Massagethis sweetly fragrant lotion into theface, neck, arms and hands each dayand see how freckles and blemishesdisappear and how clear, soft androsy-white the skin becomes. Yes!Jt is harmless and never irritates.(aprl8-tf-F)Tfiii - -"-"-' Gfrr,in? viTri ittII ' IMjIjlTjiCig?0aeBropm aBturfaon Poultry Remedy,trf.rff: curesdrinking water cores I APHPQand prevents white TTdiarrhoea, cholera and other chickdiseases. One 60c. battle makes ISgallons o f medicine. Pint bottle,nnno 1 9fl ttiiiVk 32 crallona- AtB dramriete. or tent by xbsiI postpaid.Bourbon Remedy Co., Lexington, y.iK'SEgg"55S-gSESg5rTgKEEP KOOLIHave You Seen Our Assortment oWESTINGHOUSEFANSrAll -sizes and prices. The little individual bedroomfans are almost Endlspensible and they don't cost mucheither.Ll ,t'. ti. f-T. W. SPICER314 Main St. Paris, KentuckyHMrs. H. E. Foster is visiting Mrs.P. E. Wallingford, in, Covington.--Itfrs. L. C. Miller, of Cleveland,Ohio, is a guest of her aunt, MissBelle Mitchell, on Pleasant street.Miss Edith. Whitridge left Wednesday for a protracted visit to relatives and friends in Eaton, Ohio.Mrs. C. A. Teller arrived yesterday from Chicago for a visit to herparents, Mr. and Mrs. I. L. Price, andfamily.Mrs. Alexander Anderson has returned to her home in Richmond after a visit to friends and relatives inthis city.Mrs. I. B. Helburn, of Eminence,is a guest of her daughter, Mrs. Lawrence Price, and Mr. Price, at theirhome on Scott avenue.Mr. and Mrs. Win. Tucker havereturned to their home in Cowan, after a visit to the latter's aunt, Mrs.Thos. Farrow, in this city.Mrs. Ella Summers has returnedto her home in this city after an extended visit to friends and relativesin Elizaville, in Fleming county.Miss Edith Stiveis has returnedfrom Ashland, where she has beenteaching in the High School, and willspend the summer vacation in thiscity.-Mr. Henry A. Power, presidentof the Power Groceiy Co., attendedthe sessions this week of the Wholesale Qrocers Convention, held in Cincinnati. Miss Kate Alexander, of Paris,and Mrs. Clarence LeBus, of Lexington, have returned from a two-weeks'visit in New York City and otherpoints in the East.Mr. and Mrs. William Shiiespent several days in Cincinnati thisweek. Mr. Shire's sister, Miss NettieStrauss, has been ill for some time,but is improving.Miss Grace McCord, who has aposition with the Goodrich RubberCo., in Akion, Ohio, is at home tospend the summer vacation with herparents, Mr. and Mrs. P. J. McCord,on Nineteenth street.Mr. and Mrs. Keith Phillips andlittle son have returned to theirhome in Atlanta, Georgia, after avisit to the lattei's parents, Mr. andMrs. James Douglass, at their home,corner of Main and Eleventh streets.Mr. A. S. Thompson has returned from a business and pleasure tripto .Alabama. Mr. Alvjn Thompson,who accompanied him on the trip,remained for a longer visit to hisbrother, Mr. G. C. Thompson, andMrs. Thompson, at their home nearAllentown, Alabama.Miss Eleanor Payne, little daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J. Walter Payne,underwent an operation for appendicitis at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in the city, Thursday night.The little girl stood the ordeal remarkably well. The operation wasperformed by Dr. Barrow, of Lexington, assisted by Drs. J. A. Gilkey andJ. M. Williams, the case being anemergency one.Miss Lucy Simms was hostessyesterday at her home on Secondstreet in honor of the following whocompose a house-party being entertained by Dr. and Mrs. A. J. A. Alexander, at Spring Station:Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Townley, Mr.and Mrs. Nyan Goodwin, Mr. andMrs. Randolph Rogers, WebsterWithers, of Kansas City, Mo., AllenLee Weathers, of Chicago, A. J. A.Alexander, Charles Berryman, Dr.and Mrs. Samuel H. Halley andNathan Elliott.(Other Personals on Page 5)oSUMMING UP THE EVIDENCEtt.i.:- - - - ?- a"No reducing corsets apso trulyeconomical, so long-nvea or sosatisfying as these extra-stronggarments.The Rengo Belt feature oftailoring has become famousamong medium and stoutwomen, because it solves theproblem of retaining shapelinei where the greatest straincomes over the abdomen and hips. Note the exclusivemethod of boning this portion of the garment, then wear one RengoBelt model you will find your first supreme corset satisfaction.Models for every figure some with steelastic webbing for greaterfreedom all with double watch spring boning.Prices of Ren jo Belt Corstts Ran je from $2 to $10For Sale by FRANK & CO.VRENGOVlLa 1 jfA OuiLivl'sJ, t,j"My dealer?ii I Millm BBBb.9BBlBBjBHkf BJOBBBJBBBBBBBBBaMl &ir fMx KtfoflBBBB k5B7 -Wff ctsw BBBai yBBtBBKBj ?KBiMm BBBBBl TBBfiBY'BJ l&jrBBvlBBBBIal JBBB)BB.BB Errm wa 4BBBBn. vwas right ITT71JL yheyo satis:There's mere to a cigarette than "pleasingthe taste." Other cigarettes, besides Chesterfields, can do thatBut Chesterfields do more they beginwhere the rest of 'em stop! Because Chesterfields "touch the smoke-spot," they let youknow you are smoking they do SATISFY 1There you have it SATISFY. It's all inthe blend a blend of fine selected TURKISHand DOMESTIC tobaccos. And the blendcan't be copied.That's why it's Chesterfields or nothing if youwant this new thing in cigarette enjoymentAv'ifMany Paris People Have Been CalledAs Witnesses.Week after week has been published the testimony of Paris peoplekidney sufferers backache victimspeople who have endured manyforms of kidney, bladder or urinarydisorders. These witnesses haveused Doan's Kidney Pills. All havegiven their enthusiastic approval.It's the same everywhere. 50,000American., men and women are publicly recommending Doan's alwaysin the home papers. Isn't it a wonderful, convincing1 mass of proof? Ifyou are a sufferer your verdict mustbe "Try Doan's first."Here's one more Paris case.Win. W. Dudley, 1729 Cypressstreet, says: "Some years ago Ifound it necessary to use a kidneyremedy and as I had read aboutDoan's Kidney Pills, I used them.They proved to be satisfactory andpermanently rid me of the complaint.I have good reason to recommendDoan's Kidney Pills and advise theiruse to anyone troubled with a weakand lame back or irregular passagesof the kidney secretionsT"Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Dudley had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs.f Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)oFRANEPORT SUES THE NATIONAL GAS COMPANY. "Suit has been, filed in. the Franklin Circuit Court by the City ofFrankfort to enjoin the FrankfortNatural Gas Company from raisingthe rate from 44 to 52 cents thethousand. The franchise provides amaximum of 52 cents. The companyasserts that its original purpose wasto charge 52 cents, but in order tocharere the expense of installingpipes and meters with the consumersthe rate was put down to 44 centsand this made known at the time thefranchise was granted. The gas iscontracted, for on an. annually increasing rate and it can not continueto furnish it at the old price. Tnecitv's contention is that the 52-centrate was only to take care of emergencies.oNEW AUTO OWNERS.The American Motor Company, ofLexington, sold and delivered lastweek to Mr. Richard Plunkett, ornear Paris, a-Monroe touring car.-i -A!Tt.""fc dA -n Vrtry? of Turkish and Domestic tobaccos blended1' -I, . . .i -III nfI -'.Ill s111 In ?II iIII E.j0 BHB & fllit m9 " r m MlIII K. v .r JM r mm .m J nvlIII " wIIII : iffH v Hihi ' 'III ItHI , y.HI f ItIII """ Jl111 Vill Mlit u111) fI ; v d imn I CO .1hi n n ii v aIII ( m m W H m min w w wj 16 Bank Rw, Paris, Ky. W ,In IfHI Wtil Bbin vUl ! SIt ! DfID bBIflu Vb'I M -fvJiJ'limt,rf -K'hI ITTHE BOUBSOH HEWS, PARIS, KESHBGK1,FRIDAY, JUNE ? 181-Cj" JlfifhMES. B, G. STOKER MAKES APPEAL PROM WILL DECISIONMrs. Ida Hamilton. Stoner, widowof the late Col. Robert G. Stoner, ofBourbon county, who has been residing in Mt. Sterling for severalyears, has filed in the MontgomeryCircuit Court an appeal from the order of the Montgomery county court,probating the will of her brother,the late Col A. W. Hamilton, involving an estate estimated to beworth about $40,000.The parties concerned are prominent and well-known throughout the;MATRIMONIAL.ANNOUNCEMENT.Central Kentucky friends andrelatives of the groom have heardwith the greatest interest the newsof the engagement of Mr. Clay Sutherland, of this city, to Miss MarthaFrances Strode, one of Wincheser'shandsomest and most popular youngwomen. The announcement was madeTuesdav by Mr. and Mrs. ClaytonBluegrass section of the State. The 'strode, of Winchester, parents of thecase will doubtless attract widespread interest throughout CentralKentucky. Mrs. Stoner is represented by Messrs. Robert C. Talbott, ofParis, Robert Franklin, of Frankfort,and Roy G. Kern, of Mt. Sterling,while the executor of the estate willbe represented by Judge Edward C.O'Rear, of Frankfort.oCOTTONSEED MEAL.60Swift's Digester TankageProtein for Hogs.Swift's High Grade Fertilizer forTobacco.8-tf ) CHAS. S. BEENT & BEO.oWANT NAME "KENTUCKY" FORNEW BATTLESHIP.At the State Convention of theTravelers' Association, Kentucky Division, held in the city of Henderson,Kentucky, it was moved by Mr. J. J.Blum, of Louisville, and seconded "byMr. Frank K. Yost, of Hopkinsville,and unanimously carried, to makethe request of the Honorable Secretary of the Navy to retire the oldbattleship Kentucky, and to applythe name "Kentucky" to a new andmodern "battleship now building, orto be laid in the near future.It was always a matter of prideto the people of Kentucky to havethe name of their old and loyal Statecarried by a ship which was conspicuous in its day for service and markmanship, as was the present "Kentucky," and now, that the old shiphas served lier time, and is practically relegated to theback ground, itis generally felt that the Commonwealth should have a better representative to fly her flag and that ofour Union.ELECTRIC PANS KEEP KOOLAND KONFORTABLELargest shipment of Westinghouseelectric fans ever brought to Parislias "been received. All sizes, stylesand prices. See the small bed room-fan it is a. comfort almost indispensible. : PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.(3-tf)' oDISABLED SOLDIERS ARECEIyTNG VOCATIONALTRAININGRE-During the last three months 3,735 disahled soldiers in Ohio, Indianaand Kentucky applied for some formof vocational training to fit'them forfuture usefulness, according to theaetest monthly report to Congressmade by the Federal Board for Vocational Education.American Red Cross Service workers report that soldier boys in almostevery city and town in the threeStates are studying some new profession or trade which will make itpossible for them to earn in mostcases more money than they wereable to make before the war. Intraining the disabled men the Federal Board makes use of schoolsnearest the soldier's home to supplythe kind of education he desires.Everything from, barbering to law isincluded in the category, of studiesLake Division, hoys are taking.SEE THE USELESS GAS E&NGE.Save fuel, food, time a-nd iave convenience efficiency that -js found inusing ' the Charnbers Fireless GasRange: Let us show yqu the fivegood points. it"(30-8t JOHN MBRRINGER.oSWIMMING IN StARS.In the t course of a lecture given inFebruary last, Prof. Oliver Lodgetriedt o make his audience understand how small are thp ultimateparticles into which matter is divided. vAs most of us are aware, matter,whether air, water, iron or our ownbodies, is composed of .molecules,each, of which is built upvqf atoms ofvarious elements. The molecules ofwater, for instance, are made of twoatoms of hydrogen combined with oneof oxygeon, and the chemical formula is therefore, H2, O.The professor showed a .small glasshulb, about the size of onegg spoon."This," he said, "is full of, air. Now,to give you some idea of the numberof molecules in this smaft quantityof air, J will tell you that, if I couldrelease the molecules at the rate ofJ.,000,000 a second, it would takeabout 5,0.00 years for them all to escape and leave the bulb empty.But neither the molecule nor theatom are, so far as we know, thesmallest particles in existence. Eachatom is built up on "ions."Built up is, perhaps, not quite theright phase to use."We must imagine each atom as alittle solar system of its own withthese unimaginary tiny atoms whirling around one another in their appointed -courses, just as the variousmembers of our own solar system,the planets, the astriods and thecomets travel in their appointedcourses around the center of the system, the sun.So at every breath you draw, withevery movement you make, you aredisturbing countless millions of tinysolar system. You may be said to bebreathing, moving, swimming instars.Spanish, paper j.money bears theportraits ot great -"i-erary men,painters, .musicians, generals andother notables of ,tbe nation.bride-to-be. The marriage will takeplace in Winchester about the latterpart of this month, the month of Junebrides.Miss Strode is one of the mostpopular and attractive young society girls of the Clark county capital.She is an accomplished musician, andis organist at. the First Baptistchurch in Winchester. She is agraduate of the Georgetown College,and is very popular throughout theBluegrass region.Mr. Sutherland is the son of Mrs.Fanniebelle 'Sutherland, of this city,and is the popular traveling representative in Kentucky of the Swift& Co., interests. He is a graduateof the Millersburg Military Instituteand of the University of Kentucky.He is known all through the territoryhe travels as one of the ablest andmost popular of the Swift & Co.'smen. He is a musician of more thanordinary ability, a-nd has a host offriends here and elsewhere who tender their hearty congratulations inadvance of the happy event, whichtake him out of the ranks of bache-lordom.RELIGIOUS.ANNOUNCEMENTMuch interest has been occasioned here among the many close relatives of the bride-to-be by announcement from Lexington of the engagement of Miss Tabitha Chenault toMr. John G. Stoll. A dispatch fromLexington told of the announcementas follows: An engagement that is ofwide interest to Bluegrass society isthat of Hon. John G. Stoll to MissTabitha Chenault, which was announced here Wednesday by the parents of the bride-to-be. Both aremembers of prominent and wealthyfamilies and reside in this city. Mr.Stoll, besides representing the city ofLexington in the State Legislature,president of the Lexington Waterworks Company, the Phoenix HotelCompany and the Lexington LeaderCompany, and is perhaps the wealthiest citizen of Lexington. MissChenault is one of two charmingdaughters of Col. Overton Chenault,the widely known thoroughbredhorseman, a-nd former vice presidentof the Kentucky Racing Association,and is a sister of Mrs. James W.Thompson, of near Paris. The prospective bridegroom, is a widower, hisfirst wife having died about threeyears ago. While the date of thenuptials has not been given, it is understood that the wedding will takeplace in June."PARKER BRANNON.Paris friends of the young people were agreeably surprised to learnWednesday morning of the marriagein Lexington, Tuesday night of Mr.Paul Brannon and Miss Irene Parker,both of Paris.The young people had been "sweethearts" for a long time. Withoutgiving anyone a hint as to their intentions, they took the 5:15 interurban car to Lexington, Tuesday afternoon, secured license and were married' shortly after by MagistrateDodd, returning to Paris that sameevening.Mr. Brannon is the son of Mr. andMrs. Barney J. Brannon, of Paris,and is at present a member of theParis Are department. He had butrecently returned from France, wherehe was stationed several months inthe army service as a member of theSignal Corps in the American Expeditionary Force. Before his induction into the service he was a clerkin the yard office in the Louisville& Nashville South Paris yards. Hisbride is a handsome and very attractive young woman, a daughter ofMrs. Neal Parker, of Parrish avenue,in this city.oWOMEN FRANCE'S HOPE. NOTTHE POLITICIANS.France and all it means must berestored for the sake of civilizationa-nd it is the French women whomust mainly do it, not the politicians,declares Ida M. Tarbell m the Junenumber of the New Red Cross Magazine. . "Let the politicians do their bestor worst," the writer continues, "itit not they that will lift and saveFrance. It has got to be done fromthe bottom, down where people livein love and labor. And it is the women who will play the chief partthere. Their task in the peacewhich has come is not unlike that ofthe poilu in the war that is past,they come to this work with the mostterrible handicaps."The handicaps, Miss Tarbell finds,are -not merely the fact that Francehas been stripped of the flower of itsmanhood while thousands of othershave come back from the war mutilated for life, but also include theproblems of employment. Many ofthe women who went into munitionplants will not return to their oldwork, some because they have beenrendered unfit, some because theyhave succumbed to the innumerablelures of Paris, some because there isnot work for them. There is theprinciple rub. But, concludes thewriter, it is the handicaps whichforce them to their big task. tThe Christian Endeavor Societyof the Paris Christian church willmeet in the church parlors at seveno'clock Sunday night. The subjectwill be "Conditions Necessary ForWorld-Peace." Leader D. Y. L. Farley. The young people give you avery cordial invitation to attend.At the June meeting of the Mission Circle of the Christian church,held Tuesday in the church parlors,after the brief program and devotional exercises, the following officers were elected for the next term:Miss Helen Hutchcraft, president;Mrs. Carlie Wilmoth, vice president;Miss Lillie Williams, secretary; Mrs.Ollie Marshall, treasurer.The revival meeting being conducted at the Paris Baptist churchby Rev. Dr. B. B. Bailey, of Maysville, assisted by the pastor, Rev. R.C. Goldsmith, which began Mondaynight, is attracting large crowds ateach service. The interest beingmanifested is encouraging. Servicesare held each afternoon and evening.The pastor extends a cordial invitation to all to attend.The Anne Hasseldine Missionary Circle, of which Mrs. W. O. Hinton, is leader, one of the four circlesof the Women's Missionary Society ofthe Baptist church, has pledged tosupport a missionary on the foreignfields. The friends of the church andpastor will rejoice with them at thisglorious forward step. The pastorclosed the announcement with achallenge of fifty dollars toward thesalary of another missionary. Thechallenge was met by one of the menwith another hundred dollars. Theyare looking now for the other menwho will meet the challenge.The announcement was made atthe services Tuesday evening. Revival services began last Sunday andwill continue through two weeks.The meetings each afternoon andevening are growing in numbers andpower. Dr. B. B. Bailey, of Maysville, is preaching splendid, powerfulmessages.BANKERS MEET AT WINCHESTERCHRISTIAN CHURCH CALENDAR.Sunday, 9:30 a. m. Bible School.Sunday 10:45 a..m. Morning service. Sunday, 2:30 p. m. Mission BandSunday, 7:30 p. m. Christian Endeavor. Sunday, 8:00 p. m. Evening Service. Tuesday, 3:30 p. m. Women's Society Meeting.Wednesday, 8:00 p. m. PrayerMeeting Service.Friday, 7:30 p. m. Choir Practice. We are requested to state thatthe June meeting of the Women'sMissionary Society, (the C. W. B. M.)will be held in the parlors of theChristian church, this (Friday) afternoon. A full attendance of themembership is requested.oTHE BEST BUY!The best buy Greater KentuckyPetroleum Company stock. See pagead in this issue. '(It)oCity licenses are now due andshould be paid promptly to CityTreasurer W. W. Mitchell. Penalties will soon attach to those failingto comply with this law.(27-5t)IT PAYS TO ADVERTISEEvery once in a while it is demonstrated that it pays to advertise.The "lost" and "found" advertisements in THE NEWS are carryingout this statement to the fullest extent. A Paris lady wishing to leasea suite of rooms for light housekeeping placed a small advertisement inbefore 10 o'clock on the day of issue,before ten o'clock on the day if issue,the lady who secured them sayingthat she read the ad in THE NEWSearly that morning, and proceeded toinvestigate. A valuable silk unbrella taken from the High Sehoqlauditorium by mistake, was advertised in THE NEWS, with the result that it was restored to the ownerthe next day. Numerous instancesmight be cited of this characterbut, suffice it to say, "It pays to advertise" especially in THE NEWS.oSCHOOL EXAMS.Final examinations for the ParisHigh School and the Paris CitySchools, which began Saturday arestill in progress, and will concludethe school term of 1918-19. Excellent grades have been made in allthe departments under the supervision of Superintendent Lee Kirkpatrick. The closing term is one of themost successful enjoyed in the history of the school for years.FERST HEAT PROSTRATIONThe first case of heat prostrationreported during the present hot spellin Central Kentucky was that of Mr.Chas. P. Mann, of Paris. Mr. Mann,while in Lexington, Tuesday, on abusiness mission was overcome by theheat.He was given first-aid attention,and later removed to his home inthe Pinecrest Apartments, in thiscity, where he is rapidly improving.THE BEST BUY!A soap boiler's shop was amongthe things discovered in the excavation at Pompeii several years ago.The city was buried beneath volcanoashes, A. D. 79.oIt is estimated that in 1917 330,000 hides were disposed of at Tsinan,PViijio Tjituiti rnnRiimpri txcn-thirdsof the hides produced.The best buy Greater KentuckyPetroleum Company stock. See pagead in this issue. (It)WAR TROPHIES EXHIBITED.A fine collection of war trophies,secured in France and Germany byOwen Gibson, of Paris, is on exhibition in the show window of L. Frank& Co. While war trophies at thepresent time attract little more thanpassing attention, this display is ofmore than ordinary interest. It comprises a large number of souvenirs,such as bayonets, shells, helmets,knapsacks, belts, etc., and all in all,Groups Seven and Nine of theKentucky Bankers' Association wereguests of the city of Winchester,Wednesday, for a two-days' session.The meetings of the Associations arebeing held in the court house, andare largely attended.H. C. Dale, president of GroupSeven, cashier of the Deposit Bank,Eminence, called the session to orderat 1 o'clock, which was followed bythe invocation made by Rev. C. M.Thompson, of that city.John E. Garner made the addressof welcome. The response was madeby J. E. Bassett, president of theFayette National Bank, of Lexington.The address of S. R. Ewing, whichfollowed that of Mr. Bassett, was fullof interest to the banking fraternity.It was noon when Group Sevencompleted its session, followingwhich Group Nine went into session,called to order by A. A. Hazelrigg,of Mt. Sterling.This was followed by an addressof Rev. Dr. Charles W. Welch, ofLouisville, who in a brief talk spokeon "Our Country at Peace." Following that there was a general discussion of banking affairs that touchedupon every vital point pertaining tothe laws of banking.Among those attending the sessions were the following from Bourbon county: Mr. Wallace W. Mitchell, of the Farmers & Traders Bank,of Paris; Mr. Buckner Woodford, ofthe Bourbon-Agricultural Bank &Trust Co., of Paris; Mr. John F. McDaniel and Mrs. J. C. Leer, of the Exchange Bank, of Millersburg; J. W.Jones, of the North Middletown Deposit Bank. The latter, at a meeting of the members of Group Seven,was elected a member of the Executive Committee.iiyig55iiygggig;giijfisim?ftTHE BEST BUY!The best buy Greater KentuckyPetroleum Company stock. See pagead in this issue. (It)City licenses are now due andshould he paid promptly to CityTreasurer W. W. Mitchell. Penalties will soon attach to those failingto comply with this law.(27-5t)GENTRY CIRCUS 'PLEASESThe two performances given inParis, Tuesday, by the Gentry Bros.'Circus pleased large and appreciativeaudiences. The various acts wereup-to-date and full of surprises. Theshow was a clean and well-managedone, and far better than in formeryears.Hundreds of people waited patiently for several hours Tuesdaymorning for the street parade. Ithad been reported that on account ofthe extra license required for givinga circus parade this feature wouldbe abandoned, but rumor provedfalse. The street exhibition was avery creditable one.bUhtrarbokenOil Company(Incorporated.)Treasury Stock Now$1.00The reports on the two newwells now drilling on the Kincaidlease indicate that these J: wo additional wells will soon be reportedtcIIS55with nice production. We areconservative in all our statements. If you have not boughtParboken, BUY IT NOW at$1.00. If you have Parboken,KEEP IT. We believe it willmake you money.Che Parboken Oil Co.IncorporatedStnd Your Subscription ToC. K. THOMASTreasurerwwwi5-gg-fer - :: &, .. ...-..mcJ-jGreater KentuckyPetroleum Co.Incorporated(1) 38 acres, Barren county, near the Winlock wells.(2) 20 acres. Allen county, two miles south of Scottsville, between Box townand Dalton pool.(3) 1-30 interest in McReynolds 20 acre lease, Allen county, in the famousMcReynolds pool. Four wells drilled and tanks erected. Now pumping oil. Fifthwell now drilling and offsetting 150-barrel well.(4) 87 acre lease, Knox county, Texas. 74 acres of this territory offsetsa well now drilling and down over 2,000 feet.A Company That Expects Give Action. Get in NowFirst Issue of Stock Now Offered At10c PER SHARE-PAR VALUE $1.00$10.00 buys 1 0O shares$20;00 buys 200 shares$30.00 buys 300 shares$40,00 buys 400 shares$50,00 buys 500 shares$60.00 buys 600 shares$70.00 buys 700 shares$80.00 buys SOO shares$90.00 buys 900 shares$ 1 0O buys 1 ,000 sharesNo order accepted for more than 1,000 shares from any one person. Mailor wire your order to-day.BLUE GRASS OILIncorporatedSelling418 Main StreetAgeEXCHANGEntsParis, Kentucky0w!-8 -most-interesting display .rr- .-f . -.-.-K"".? ; v ief$ &..-4 v yCfc'i&tfwy ?..,.FRIDAY, JUNE 6, 1919.THE BOTJRBOlf HEWS, PAHS, ECTTtTCI"?1 AGI ITUCOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSETHE BEST BUYThe best buy Greater KentuckyPetroleum Company stock. See pagead in this issue. (It)" GRADUATION GUTS.Snappy and 'attractive graduationgifts.(30-tf) THE A. J. WINTERS CO.oB)B3CER PARISIAN BREAKS ARMNews was received here Wednesday .that Mr. James W. Ferguson,former resident of Bourbon county,now residing near Galion, Alabama,had broken his right arm while assisting in harvesting a big crop ofalfalfa hay on his farm.oBURNING RUG CUASES ALARM.A burning rug in a home in theRosedale Addition to Paris caused analarm from Box 24 early yesterdaymorning. The department respondedand subdued the incipient conflagration with no property loss save therug.oIN NEW POSITION.n .Mr. Allen Ingels, of Millersburg,has accepted a position with theGeorgetown News, of which hisuncle, Mr. Jesse M. Alverson, is editor. Mr. Ingels will have charge ofthe office work. He is an excellentyoung business man, and will makegood in the new. position.oWE HELP YOU OWN YOUR HOME.The Bourbon 3uilding and LoanAssociation can assist you in owningyour own home, and the terms willbe as easy, if not easier, than payingrent. If you want to build or buy ahome and haven't quite enough money to do so, it will be to your advantage to call and let us explainhow we can assist you. Our newseries opens to-morrow, June 7 th.H. A. POWER President.vTLL S. ARNSPARGER, Sec'y.THE BEST BUY!The best buy Greater KentuckyPetroleum Company stock. See pagead in this issue. (It)oTHE TIME DRAWS NIGH- GET AJOHN DEERE BINDERIf you get the best and strongestbinder made, buy a John Deere. Wesave you money on refrigerators,lawn mowers, paints and varnishes.(3-2t) FARMERS' SUPPLY CO.oBACK EROM MOUNTAINS.Mr. Wads H. Whitley and Mr. B.M. Dickson, Paris attorneys, accompanied by Mis Grace Haskins, courtstenographer, were in Corbin thisweek taking depositions in the suitof the Burns Administrator vs.Walker D. Hines, Director-Generalof Railroads. They returned Tuesday afternoon.oLAST DAY HR ULING SUITSTo-day will he the last day for filing suits in the ofiice of Circuit ClerkWm. H. Webb for the June term ofthe Bourbon Circuit Court. The termof Court promises to be a very busyone, several suits of an interestingcharacter being among those to beheard. The term will convene onMonday, June 16.oBARN BURNED.A barn on Alvin Hicks' farm, onthe Fords Mill pike, was destroyedby fire about noon Sunday. Thebarn contained a large quantity offeed and several sets of harness.Two small boys were seen playing inthe barn a few hours before the firewas discovered, and it is suspectedthat the fire originated from matcheslighted by the boys at play.or:WSAT WE DO,rrrna OonrV.Att Rnildins: and LoanAJJt, ui.. n wAssociation devotes its time and energies in doing just two things receiving the savings and surplusmoney of thrifty people and investing those savings in first mortgageson real estate to other thrifty peopleto buy or "build homes.Join our new series, which opensto-morrow, June 7th.H. A. POWER, President.WILL S. ARNSPARGER, Sec'y.oELECEBHJ .PANS KEEP .KOOLAND KOMP0KTABL7Largest shipment of Westinghouseelectric fans ever brought to Parishas just been received. All sizes,styles and prices. See the small bedroom fan it is a comfort almost indispensable. -,- ,PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.(3-tf)HOT WEATHER HITS. US.Following the cool spell which hadheld Kentucky in its grasp for several weeks, there has succeeded anattack of real summer weather, withthe mercury ascending in the tube"until it has' to be watched to keep itfrom hoilirsr over. Since Saturdaynight theie has been a succession ofheat waves, bringing down muchneeded sunshine for the farmers andand the gardeners. The hot spell hascaused a revival of the bathing industry, which became something of afad for several years, and all the inviting-lookingplaces along Stonernow have their quota of bathers,fair and otherwise. The heat wassomewhat relieved late Wednesdayafternoon by hard showers, whichtended to cool the atmosphere.SOCIAL A23D PERSONAL.Coinings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mrs. M. E. McCurdy has returned from a visit to relatives in Talladega, Ala.Mr. and Mrs. Douglas Clay havereturned from a visit to Mrs. JohnA. Haldeman, in Louisville.Judge Chas. A. McMillan has returned from a trip to Allen and Barren counties, where he went on legal,business.Miss Eleanor Payne, who wasoperated on at the Massie MemorialHospital, Monday night, was reportedyesterday as improving.Mrs. Lou Settles, who has beenliving in Pairs for several years, hasgone to Mt. Sterling to make herfuture home with relatives.Mr. E. E. Lawrence and Mr. J.D. Askins, who have been guests offriends in this city several days, havereturned to their home in Ashland.Mr. John H. Keller, of Mt.Sterling, accompanied by his mother,Mrs. Jerre Keller, of Paris, has goneto Martinsville, Indiana, for a shortstay.Mr. and Mrs. E. C. Clevelandhave returned from a visit of severaldays to Mr. and Mrs. Clay Cleveland,who are now residing in their newhome near Lexington.Rev. and Mrs. M. T. Chandler,who have been visiting their son,Mr. Taylor Chandler, and family, onFifteenth street, have returned totheir home in Richmond.Rev. Dr. B. F. Orr and daughter,Miss Ruth Orr, have returned fromWinchester, where they attended thecommencement exercises at the Kentucky Wesleyan College.Mr. G. Mudge. of New York;City, was the guest of Miss EssieSaloshin, Tuesday. Mr. Mudge hasrecently returned from overseas,where he served with the Y. M. C. A.Mrs. Swift Champ is visitingMrs. P. H. Lane, at Chestnut Hill, inPhiladelphia. Mrs. Champ will before her return be a guest of MissAugusta Glass, at Washington, D. C.Little Belle Brent Woodford,daughter of Mr. and Mrs. BucknerWoodford, who underwent an operation at the Vail Private Hospital, inCincinnati, Tuesday, was reportedyesterday as improving.Major Richard T. (Tal) Clark,of the U. S. Army Dental Corps, wasa guest this week of his mother, Mrs.Kate Clark, on South Main street.Maj. Clark has been transferred toWashington City on special duty.Mrs. J. J. Rice has returned toHarrodsburg after a visit to Dr. andMrs. J .T. Brown, on Cypress street.Mrs. Rice ordered THE NEWS sentto her new home saying it would bea most welcome visitor.Mr. and Mrs. George Clayton,former residents of Hutchison, thiscounty, have gone to Battle Creek,Mid., for an indefinite stay. Mrs.Clayton will undergo medical treatment at the Battle Creek Sanitarium.Winchester Daily Democrat:"Mr. and Mrs. 'Jack' Hardin, ofParis, Ky., and Mrs. Walter Jackson,of Sidell, 111., were the guests of Dr.and Mrs. John A. Snowden. Theyvisited their mother, Mrs. Mansfield,who is ill at the Massie MemorialHospital, at Paris."County Attorney D. D. Cline wasin Georgetown, Wednesday, in attendance before Judge Robert L.Stout. Mr. Cline represented Bourbon county in the telephone injunction suit filed by the county againstthe Home Telephone Companyand the Cumberland Telephone Company. Central Kentucky papers allhave handsome complimentory references to Mr. Clay Sutherland, ofParis, whose engagement to MissMartha Strode, of Winchester, hasbeen announced. ' Mr. Sutherland'sterritory embraces many CentralKentucky towns, "where he has firmlyestablished lasting friendships.The State Federation of Woman's Clubs is in session at Ashlandthis week. The Bourbon countyclubs are represented by the following ladies: Mrs. Frank Lowry, Mrs.James McClure and Miss ElizabethGrimes, members of the Paris Literary Club; Mrs. Fanniehelle .Sutherland, representing the City Federation of Clubs; Mrs. John T. Collinsand Mrs. Allie Dickson, representingthe North Middletown Women's Club.Mr. and Mrs. Brice Leech andlittle son, who spent the winter inParis, where Mr. Leech was connected With the New Independent Tobacco Warehouse Co., have returnedto their home in Glasgow, Ky. Theywere accompanied by Mrs. Robert M.Johnson, who will make them a visit.The party made the trip to Glasgowin the machine of Mr. John M.Sturgeon.ML Sterling Sentinel-Democrat:"Mr. and Mrs. Buford R. Boone andlittle daughter, Elizabeth Gates, returned Monday from a visit to relatives in Paris and WinchesterMr. and Mrs. Luther M. - Redmonand children spent Monday in Pariswith Robert Shay Hon. and Mrs.John M. Brennan and Miss ElizabethEmbry motored over from Paris forDecoration Day."Jynthiana Democrat: "Mrs. IdaBurgess is visiting her sister, Mrs.Julia Houston, and other relativesnear Paris, this week Miss LouiseBerry has returned to Cynthiana, after being in Da-nvine aunug meweek-end and attending tne ammneubanquet at K. C. W. She will haveas her guests this week Misses Eleanor Long, of Sturgis, Ky.; Mina Wilson, of Waywick, Ky.; Lena Rymerson, Louisville; Minnie Bramblette,Paris."COther Personal on Page 3.)oSOMETHING HEW.Beautiful novelties for graduatingIs? i rr. a J. WINTERS CO.Vou-w . --PHYSICIANS ADVISE BOILING OFDRINKING WATER.Physicans state that the time ofyear is now at hand when it becomesadvisable for users of hydrant waterto boil all the water they use, whether for domestic or drinking purposes,as a matter of precaution. This isthe advice given by the health departments of all the large cities.This is done where the citizensuse drinking and cooking water direct from the city water works system. It is also deemed advisable tohave the water boiled that comesfrom cisterns which have not beencleaned for some time. Physicianssay this is a preventative of typhoidfever, and they are supposed uo know,you know. It is sure to come to theattention of the authorities of Parissooner or later. Don't wait for theofficial proclamation, but as a healthprecaution, boil the water you drink.THE BEST BUY!The best buy Greater KentuckyPetroleum Company stock. See pagead in this issue. . (it)COUNTYGETS GOVERNMENTTRUCKS.County Judge George Battertonwas notified the first of the weekthat Bourbon county would be allotted two three-ton Federal trucks tobe used in road construction on thecounty roads. County Road EngineerBen Bedford went to Frankfort andsecured two trucks, which have beenplaced in commission with the otherroad-building machinery of the county. One hundred and fifty-four ofthese Government trucks were allotted by the Government to the Stateof Kentucky for road work.Lost or StolenA soft leather dog collar, withlicense tag No. 1005 riveted on. Reward for return to(6-ft) JAS. E. CRAVEN.LostLost, Oil Stock Certificate, 200shares of "Kenslow" capital stockon streets of Paris, issued in name ofGeo. Doyle. Return to BOURBONNEWS office. (6-3t-pd)For SaleWe have 100,000 tobacco sticks tooffer for sale.WOOD MOSAIC-CO. (Inc.)'(6-9t) New Albany, Ind.Important Notice.If the little girl who found theumbrella at the Paris High Schoollast week, and brought it to THENEWS office Tuesday will call orsend us her name we will be pleasedto see that the owner of the articlesends her a suitable reward.Player-Piano For SaleWe have in the vicinty of Paris asplendid new Player-Piano, agent'ssample, that will sell at a sacrificeprice rather than pay storage or return charges to factory. Cash or liberal terms to reliable parties.THE JOHN SHIUL.ITO COMPANY,Piano Department, Cincinnati, O.(6-2t)For Sale!Nice Organ, China Closet, 54-inchOak Dining Table, with Leather-coveredChairs, Davenport, Chiffonier,a beautiful 'large Side Board; also asmall Sideboard, several 9x12 Rugs,Gas Range, Coal Range, Bedsteads,Springs, Box Mattresses, Chairs, etc.All must be sold quick at big bargainPrices.BUSY BEE CASH STORE.(6-3t)burton'sI Confectionery Store 1Successor to Adami & Santi.AGENT FOB M. JJBOLDs MANUEL, COUNSELOR,AND SONADA CIGARSAdami's Famous Recipe for1"J making delicious Ice Cream,fin Soda Water and MixedDrinks still used.Bulk Ice Cream(Made from Pure Cream)delivered for home use.1 Fancy Ices ior PartiesHIGH CLASS BOXCANDIES.For the BEST, See Us,FRANK BURTONIXiX-isx;XEXTRA SPECIALSFOR THIS WEEKGRADUATIONHatsUp to $7.50 ValuesLatest Creations in Ladies' DressesFor This Week OnlyiiHARRY SIMONi.AUFAUAUFAI11 I E4 h , has the most complete stock " Si B..3 from which to get your x B"x I II Furniture. Ruas. Linoleums. I HPhongnaphs and Wall Paper jjjj ETill! H r Hi' r-l ka kow mxq H B2 V unu unuu uiicy save yuu , - ... ma.a monev. She will tell vou -. m'II I I - v . 555 f. some more next issue. Qjfill i I " BLk I - 111 IrIII 1 i ...---, 1 D;m 111 - l Illll l" - EI .. ....-..... g111 Iii . "" ' Ii i !1 1 THE J. T. HIINTOIN CO.I1 MOTOR HEARSE MOTOR INVALID COACH -UNDERTAKING ijjjjl I EITHERPHONE 36 SIXTH AND MAIN STS. 1K- X!XiANDCONFIRMATIONDRESSES$2475224-228 West Main St., Lexington, Ky;Main Street, Paris, Ky.4e.fcjfc'V POAMrs. Homelover says:THE d. T. H1NTON GO.Ji: I&1 IKii'tLJ(i3 !3.1 -V' Lt -I?," '..-J-UioftlfHJJiTHE BOTOBOH HEiWS, PABIS, KENTUCIT?p3?r jqFRIDAY, JUNE 6, 1919.f PAGE SIX-iJRimti1mKIDNEYS WEAKENING?Kidney troubles don't disappear ofthemselves. They grow slowly hutsteadily, undermining- health withdeadly certainty, until you fall a victim to incurable disease.Stop your troubles while there Is time.Don't wait until little pains become bigaches. Don't trifle with disease. Toavoid future suffering begin treatmentrith GOLD MEDAL Haarlem Oil Capsales now. Take three or four everyday until you are entirely free frompain.This well-known preparation has beenMae of the national remedies of 'Holland for centuries. In 1696 the government of the Netherlands granted aupecial charter authorizing its prepara-uen and title.LOOK OUT!The housewife of Holland would almost as soon be without food as without her "Real Dutch Drops," as shaquaintly calls GOLD MEDAL HaarlemOil Capsules. They restore strength mand are responsible in a great measurefor the sturdy, robust health of theHollanders.Do not delay. Go to your druggist andinsist on his supplying you with GOLDMEDALV Haarlem Oil .Capsules. Takethem as directed, and if you are notsatisfied with results your druggist willgladly refund your money. Look forthe name GOLD MEDAL on the boxand accept no other. In sealed boxes,three sizes.SENSIBLE ADVICE TO DEMO-CRATS.NEEDED A GUIDE ON CABS.(Kansas City Times.)A northeast car was moving onGrand avenue. At Fifteenth streeta. fuse was blown out. The motorman, who had no extra fuses, started-to take a piece of tin from an advertisement frame in the car."Say," the conductor said, "if wewere at Fifteenth street and Grandavenue, we could get a fuse at theoffice.""You're at Fifteenth street andGrand avenue now," a switchmanand passenger told the motorman."No, we're not, either," the motorman replied.The switchman looked surprised."What do you think about that?"he said.The famous collection of butterflies belonging to Lord Rothschild isestimated to have cost not less than1500,000.LENDS WORDS TOENFORCE TRUTHMrs. Sale Adds Her Testimony toThousands Already GivenFor TrutonaPADUCAH, KY., June 6. Mrs. M.G. Sale, 64 years old, who lives at408 South Fifth street, has been aresident of Paducah for the past 25years. She is among the many whohave found unhoped-for relief in Trutona andjiow declares that she wantsto "add ner testimonial to the thousands already offered for Trutona."I suffered an attack of kidneytrouble last January," Mrs. , Salesaid," and for the past severalmonths my system generally has beenall run down. I was frequently annoyed by chills and my ankles often"became swollen. My appetite wasvery ;poor."Trutona has given me remarkablerelief. The swelling in my ankleshas almost entirely disappeared."Why, yesterday I was on my feet allday, tmt my ankles didn't becomeswollen. My appetite has improvedwonderfully. I get more enjoymentout of my meals now than I have formonths Tast In short, I feel 100 percent, better in every way now."Trutona is now being introducedand explained in Paris at G. S. Varden & Son's. (adv)GOOD B0ADS AN AID TO STATEDEVELOPMENT.While to many, America's appropriations for highways may seemformidable, to the ardent good roadsagitator, it is but a start toward amuch needed, long delayed development, says the B. F. Goodrich Rubber Company.In comparison with populations,both England and France have madeand are making more progress thanhas America. Congress has appropriated ?275,000,000 for expeditureup to and including 1921 for improvement of the 2,500,000 miles ofroads in the United States. Franceplans to spend $152,000,000 on hernational system of highways, whichcomprise 65,000 miles. Englandhas appropriated $50,000,000 for expenditure on her 150,000 miles.England nas 239 citizens to everymile of road; there are 18 Frenchmen to every mile; and in Americathere are but 42 people to the mile.On the basis of these figures, thehighway system of the United Stateswill not equal the ratio of Frenchmileage to area until we have 5,000,000 miles of highway, while 7,500,,000 miles will be necessary to meetthe English ratio.CHRONIC CONSTIPATIONPerhaps you have never thought ofit, but this disorder is due to a lackof moisture in the residual of thefood. If you will drink an abundanceof water, eat raw fruits and take lotsof outdoor exercises, you may be ableeventually to overcome it entirely.In the meantime use the most mildand gentle laxatives. Strong andharsh cathartics take too much waterout of the system and make a badmatter worse. Chamberlain's Tabletsare easy and pleasant to take, andmost agreeable in effect. Give thema trial.(june-adv)oWELCOME NEWS TO THE EATERSOP MEAT.A decrease in the price of beef is"immediately at hand" according toa statement issued by the Bureau ofPublic Relations, American MeatPackers' Association."Despite the fact that beef alreadyis cheaper than pork, poultry andmutton, it probably will decline further within the next few days," saidthe statement. "There are severalreasons. Cheaper grass fed cattle,which hitherto have not been plentiful, are now moving to market.Exports of beef from the UnitedStates have practically ceased. Thegovernment has stopped Duymg."A MAN AND HIS' WIFEmay both derive saiisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.: A phone brings us.!LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 Home Phone 169The News Job Department is Always Busy,"There's a Reason." Work Done RightThe Home Telephone Your .ServantFor Only a Few Cents Per Day., ijLet us analyze Ms qualifications: He is polite, intelligent, willingalways on duty, day or night. IVbtA,He will instantly present to you the grocer, butcher, baker or any ofine tr&aes-ioiKS, or me doctor, nre department or ponce in emergency.- TTe will en far hfivnnd the nnnfinpj? of the town n-nrt Kriiio- a-mamazingly short time a member of the family or one of your good prospectiTe customers. MAbkiBlil 1a.J1 ajte .. . JkM. He will summons the railroad, boat or theatre ticket in a few seconds, , And as to wages, he will only cost "you in residence from 6 to 8c per-day; in piace or ousiness irom jlu to 12c per day.The Owensboro Messenger givesthe following timely and sensible advice to the Democrats of the State,although the time is not quite ripefor saying just who shall be theDemocratic standard-bearer, the Messenger's advice comes in very handy,and should be given consideration:"It is well enough for Democratsto understand now that they mustput up their best candidate for Governor in order to defeat Morrow inNovember. They must not nominatea trimmer or pussy-footer. Theymust not nominate a political hack,or the creature of any faction or machine. They must nominate anyman who has any old political barnacles hanging over him, or who is theapologist for past blunders or scandals. A man fresh from the peoplewho has a perfect, unassailable personal and political record, who hasno ties with any office-seeker parasites, who has some vision and forward-lookingplatform of his own,which he is able to defend from thestump, if nominated by the Democrats, with a clean lot of associateson the ticket, can easily win in November. Kentucky is a DemocraticState and will readily elect a ticketthis year. But the Democrats mustmake no mistakes."THE NECESSITY OF DIGGINGJgfWoodoard;SV- .--:'- Vv -s.H ."." . v-"-B Bam " "" """ aaaamL v Bt mMMl5$3irlHw iJmtWv j Hi(ggfi-VoOT-Bgard WEasy to Put Up mPr-,Lasts a Lifetime ' 'miife'kLp i wHome Tilefbdnl Teleg'r ajhf CompanyAn eminent engineer recently re- )turned to WasMngton, after traversing on Government business of thewestern front. An one point he wentover the battle area before the ArmySalvage Corps had removed the signsof conflict."I saw pretty -nearly everythingthere," he said. "Lots of rifles, bayonets, machine guns, helmets, soldier's packs, water bottles, and evenhandkerchiefs and socks thesethings were all over the ground."I didn't want any of them. Because I'm an' engineer, I'd set myheart on a trench shovel. I'd seenthousands of them back of the lines.I looked and looked, without findingone lying around loose. Whereverthere was a shovel, the man who'dused it lay beside it."Then I understood. The soldier,dislodged from a position, might losehis pack, his extra clothing, even hisrifle, in his. escape, but he never letgo of his shovel."He knew he had to have it, to dighimself in again."War Savings Stamps are trenchshovels for digging in against adversity. CATAEHHAL DEAFNESS CANNOTBE CUREDBy local application, as they cannotreach the diseased portion of the ear.There is only one way to curecatarrhal deafness, and that is by aconstitutional . remedy. Catarrhaldeafness is caused by an inflamedcondition of the mucous lining of theEustachian Tube. When this tube isinflamed you have a rumbling soundor imperfect hearing, and when it isentirely closed, deafness is the result.Unless the inflammations can be reduced and this tube restored to itsnormal condition, hearing will bedestroyed forever. Many cases ofdeafness are caused by catarrh whichis an inflamed condition of the mucous surfaces. Hall's Catarrh Medicine acts through the blood on themucous surfaces of the system.We will give one hundred dollarsfor any case of Catarrh Deafness thatcannot be cured by Hall's CatarrhMedicine. Circulars free. All Druggists, 75 c.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio,(june-adv)oFEDERAL "CONTROL"Mr. Walker D. Hines, Directorof Railways, has a way of breakingnews gentiy. me present unfavorable results naturally led "to agitation of the question whether thereought to be an increase in rates," hesays. Every twenty-four hours therailroads are registering a deficit of$200,000, which is a good deal,whether calculated by the hour, minute, or year.The Interstate Commerce Commission and the Newlands Joint Committee of Congress were making prettygood headway towards straighteningout railway matters under privatemanagement before the Governmenttook over the lines, and started raising rates and piling up deficits.The Doherty News, representingone of the largest public utility concerns in the country, in commentingupon the commission plan, says thatthey "have been advantageous intonerespect in particular, and that is inthat they have been able to functionin a more or less disinterested manner." "Federal control," through "Government commissions" are conf rotable buffers operating between theutilities and the public. In their operation they have been quite successful because of their "disinterested" Iinterests. Hence the success scoredby "federal control" with privatemanagement through these branchesof the public service.o-Excels for Walls, Ceilings and Partitions, .airs, Alterations or New WorKA Finishing ToucK to theHome InteriorAT small expense you can beautify every room in yourJL home By covering the walls and ceilings with CornellJL L Wood-Board. Cheerfulness and comfort will be constantly radiated, to the delight cf your family and Quests.Cornell-Wood-Board comes in such convenient sizes that itis easily and quickly nailed riht on over the old walls or directto the framework. You can do the work yourself, if you choose.Pull directions zv applying ere included with every bundle.This ideal interior finishing material will not warp, crack,buckle or chip. It resists"heat, cold and sound and retards fire.Especially adapted for the walls and ceilings of residences&araes, stores, farm buildings, sleeping porches, etc.Complete panel suggestions and cost estimatesfurnished Free. Call and ash us to show you howCornell-Wood-Board will save you time and laborin making your interior alterations or repairs,Templin Lumber Co.We are Agents forthe Famous;xs5x;W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.S Ism n , 1 1is C5UhfrS sty- Si Arzi 7. - - Mk. k.iE2 C--'"-.' -' J- ( I I MiJ 'IMIW I - "-KTH Vv -B.7 ei wmmmma wnusmHimx Nskv. PI WjY m&imBKKBB&mdmaMMBBLi XsSi I WS IinKs&MHl&&aKGHSiS3llkiB vimj ABnDBM W'Um awyn wt-' dressfs' i JJ JEKHHBHHiHHBbd, .V mUmmmM3mBaMfZ&mmmlmmmVSmWBBmttmW&mmi&mmJS!g fHMiS9l9HBSnSKBfliiv$ hffi'j.IH JUT.&-y.'Fn&m &'"t "- idf' -v,sr.Stop in and get aFREE BOOKLETabout the styles.TWIN BROS.Department Store7th and Main Paris, Ky.(Incorp orated)..3-7 JTesicl!, Bxitrict'Msaiager. W. H. Cannon. LoctlIantecr.f m-m.VT: . rl W. .SAVE THE HEATHEN.It will Interest country publishersto know that while the Methodistchurch is trying- to raise several million dollars through the medium offree publicity in. the county newspapers, the New York Times on May19 published a half-page of paid advertising appeal for funds for thesame cause. Free space to save theheathen is the latest innovation inthe world of newspaper and publicitymaking. Can you beat it?0 -LAME BACK BELIEVED.For a lame back apply Chamberlain's Liniment twice a day and massage the muscles of the back over theseat of pain thoroughly at each ap(june-adv)oThe worlds most crooked river, isthe Jordan,- which, wanders nearly2?0 miles to cover sixtyAetna-AutoCombination Policies,Protect AgainstFireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityAnd OtherCasualtiesifHere's the big work, littlecost tractor the TitanTHE Titan 10-20 has been on the market foryears, and -has made good without reservation.- 10-horsepower at the drawbar 20 horsepowerat the belt.A well-balanced tractor that is suited to all farm "power work. It drives easily, affords maximum puC- jing power for its weight, and issuited in every way to !the general run of farm work. Not too large for the ;small farm, yet large enough to handle a great volume, of work. ,xr""t..Use it with an Oliver PlowWe recommend that von use an Oliver nlnm xxrifeyocr Iran tractor Deome it means the best plowingunder .all conditions. The combined roffing coulterand jointer buries all trash and weeds at the bottomof the fixxow; the stop devicemaintains an even depthof furrow; Mat plow points enter and leave the groundfirst, making it possible to plow dear to the ends of thefield; and the trip rope control operates, easily fromthe driver's seat, on the tractor.' ) We have a full line of Otfviar plows as well as thakTitan tractor here at our salesroom.'A. ciG. S. BALL GARAGErJ vi - L-aaci-,r'lS '-" r22mWmmmmmW- m laHt intfStlBKnJttftmSKImVlmmmmmmmmmmiJ?hT r iTllfA tm&uFRIDAY, JUNE 6, 1919.THE BOUBJBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTGCKYPAGIfiCTXTry Traction Service ForPackage or FreightDeliveriesKy. Traction & TerminalCo.WilmothsFreshHomelBaked Breads,Cakes, Pies, Etc.DailyFreshMeats,Roasts,Steaks,Chops, Fancy Goods.FamousCoffees and TeasWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376FEELING BLUE?LIVER LAZY?TAKE A GALOTABWonderful How Young and Energetic You Feel After TakingThis Nausealesa Calomel CalotabHOMEKILLEDMEATSVealPorkBeefLambIt's the BestTo Be HadMGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketIf you have,iiot tried Calotabs youhave a delightful surprise awaitingyou. The -wonderful liver-cleansingand system-purifying properties ofcalomel may now- be enjoyed withoutthe slightest unpleasantness. A Calotab at bedtime with a swallow ofwater that's all. No taste, no salts,jior the slightest unpleasant effects.You wake up in the morning feelingso good that you want to laugh aboutit. Your liver is clean, your systemis purified, your appetite hearty. Eatwliat you wish no danger. The nexttime you feel lazy, mean, nervous,blue, or discouraged give your livera thorough cleansing with a Calotab.They are so perfect that your druggist is authorized to refund the priceas a guarantee that you will be delighted. ,Calotabs are sold in original, sealed packages. Price thirty-five cents.At all drug stores.(adv-F)TO REBUILD LEXINGTON PIKEThe Nicholas Fiscal Court enteredan order requesting the State highway department and Federal government to co-operate with Nicholascounty in work on the Maysville andLexington pike. The road will, if allcounties through which the Maysvilleand Lexington pike passes, co-operatein the movement, be treated with acoat of tarvia and made one of themodel roads of tlie State. Five milesleading from the Carlisle and Sharpsburg pike to Bourbon county linewill be worked this -year.For 2 Weeks OnlyBig Assortment of NiceFURNITUREIce Boxes, Rugs, Dining Room Sets,Davenports, Davenettes, LookingGlasses, Pictures, Stoves, Porch Settees, Chairs, Rockers, Morris Chairs,Side Boardt, Organs, Piano. A lotof Children's Dresses.All must besold regardless ofvalue.These goods will be on sale at sureenough bargain prices, plainly marked on each article, at the large storeroom next door to Harris & Dale'srestaurant.Call at THE BUSY BEE CASHSTORE for key.The prices will sell you the goodswithout a salesman.(30may3t)Liberty Loan Bonds&&.Our New York Stock Exchangemembership enables us to offerfacilities for execution of ordersin all issues of Liberty Bonds andother securities to the best possible advantage of our customers,HENNING CHAMBERS & COMPANY404 West Main Street Louisville, KentuckyHenning Chambers Charles L. McCraw Harrison HunterA SAFE INVESTMENT TO YIELD. 6.60, GENERAL MOTORS CORPORATION6 CUMULATIVE DEBENTURE STOCKPar Value if Share's, $100 Callable at $115 per Share and Accrued DividendDIVIDENDS QUARTERLYFEBRUARY, MAY, AUGUST AND NOVEMBERThe principal products of the General Motors Corporation are:AUTOMOBILES Cadillac, Buick, Chevrolet,Oakland, Oldsmobile, Scrlpp-Booth.TRUCKS AND TRACTORS G. M. C, Chevrolet, Oldsmobile, Samson. -Earningsafter taxes for the past Ave yeaw have averad wAyear six times dividend requirements on entire amount of Debenture -and Preferred Stock outstanding.Orders may be telephoned our expense.Special circular on requestPRICE $90 PER SHAREJamas G. Willson & Company210 S. Fifth StrtLOUISVILLE, KY.flATXGWRTJTA TNTUIRIVTVR T"EVP-;fects wounderjfulsound transmitter nA man's voice can be heard asloud as the caiman's roar; it can beheard two or twenty miles. The ticking of a watch can be amplified untilit sounds like breakers on an oceancliff."It's no trick at all to magnifysound four or five million times, orindefinitely," said - Tom Lambert,wireless telephone engirieer. "Allthat is needful is to connect a number of vaccum valves in multiplewith a wireless receiving set, andthe thing is done. At the first receiving contact a voice will be normal.Cut in one vacuum valve and it israised seven times; thereafter itsquares itself seven times seven toforty-nine for the next vacuum valve,and 49 times 49 for the next, andso on.""I mean volume of sound, notpower transmission," explained Lambert. "I n a test recently, a phonograph was connected with an. amplifier at midnight, and we were liftingit up gradually to supply all SanFrancisco with song and amusement,when the police urged us to desist."In the stadium at Golden GatePark the ticking of a watch, wasmade audible all over the grandstandwhile an athletic meet was in progress. Captain Robert W. A. Brewer, an experimenter, moved off 2,000 feet and spoke, quietly to hisdog, and the dog couldn'a be held.A wireless station which I am notpermitted to name, recently receiveda telephone message from Europe,and through its amplifier startledduck hunters in the marshes eightmiles away.Mr. Lambert exhibited one of thevacuum valves. Its exterior resembled an ordinary 16-candle electriclight bulb. Thorugh the glass, however, could be seen electric windingthat was dissimilar. Around a filament was wound convlutions of wirecalled a "grid." Above the grid wasan encircling metalic plate. Thecurrent; it was explained, passedthrough, each in the order described.The incoming wireless signals traveldown the aerial wire to the tuningset and then to the vacuum valve,which is a "detector," or receiver.For practical purposes the vacuumvalve has its use as in warships,where the wireless telephone speaksits message through a horn to several officers, instead of to one usingearpieces. It can1 be availed of toaddress audiences.The wireless telephone is wonderfully extending the field developedby the wireless" telegraph. Any wireless telegraph; receiving set is equallygood for receiving telephone messages. 'The transmitting Instruments,of course, are different.Every airplane possessed by UncleSam and all United States warshipsare equipped with wireless telephoneapparatus. These sets on warshipsare efficient at least twenty miles.-- sMv-i-O-LEGION OP HONORThe first decoration of the Legionof Honor, the famous French order ofmerit, were conferred in 1802 uponmilitary and civil officers who haddistinguished themselves under theConsulate. The order was foundedMay 19, 1802, by Napoleon, when hewas First Consul.It consisted of various grades, asgrand crosses, grand officers, commanders, officers and legionaries, andwas a reward for services or merit.The order was confirmed by LouisXVII., when the Bourbons were returned to the throne 105 years ago,and it has been continued, with necessary changes in the Constitution,through the reigns of Charles X.,Louis Philippe, Napoleon III, and thesecond and third republics.Many Americans and British subjects, and other foreigners, have received the decorations of the Xegionof Honor, especially since the endingof the war. During the uprising ofthe Communists in 1871 the palaceand officers of the Region of Honorwere burned, and among many of theFrench Socialists of to-day the orderis regarded as snobbish and aristocratic.MR. AND MRS KENNETH ALEXANDER TO MARRY AGAINOn June 10, Mr. and Mrs.KennethD. Alexander will be married in theapartment of Mrs. Alexander'smother, Mrs. Joseph King, at theAnsonia Hotel, in New York.The civil ceremony was performedrecently by a magistrate in NewYork, when the actress, Miss MollieKing, became the bride of Mr. Alexander. The religious ceremony willbe performed by the Reverend FatherBarry, of the Blessed SacramentChurch.It is not known that Mr. and Mrs.Alexander will live in Kentucky, butthey are expected during the summerto be the guests of Dr. and Mrs. A. J.A. Alexander, in Woodford county.oTERMS OF WILL DEFINEDIn the publication of the will ofMrs. Fannie Hays, which was probated at Maysville some days ago, itwas stated that 1,000 was left toher nephews, Mr. Charles P. Cook, ofParis, Dr. G. A. Cook, of North Middletown, Dr. A. M. Cook, of Scranton,Pa., and Hays Cook, now in Germany, children of a deceased sister.It was supposed that the $1,000 wasto be divided between the five, buta letter from the executor statesthat the word "each" was omittedin the publication, and that each isto receive $1,000.CALLED MEETING OF THE STATEPRESS ASSOCIATIONThe annual mid-summer meetingof the Kentucky Press Associationwill be held in Louisville, June 26,27 and 28. The program will be announced later.. The present officersof the association are D. M. Hutton,of the Harrodsburg Herald, President; B. F. Forgey, Ashlandpendent, vice-president, andAlcock, Danville Messenger,tary-treasurer.IndeJ. C.secre-Good TirementB' JWHhIis-JMu ml I ml ullliaBBKml mm m m m If lJaaaaMAtAa?.litilWjW' JudgII IlipMB Everv1 1 M ff 1 1 1 1 ' lifill MmWmSskxW' .. .- . - rffmiMWWML Um k BV BBB iYmBramX&2&L9 M mAjrxt llmmW UM.iiiiiiBtime you buy United .JStates Tires your Judgment isua vy umi ux iiuiiureus ui ,thousands of experiencedmotorists,-hundreds of thousands whouse United States Tires continuously, ,thundreds of thousands whostand ready to endorse the iWVAAVXXl J H'111 mm mm m XZ- f I 1 1 1 1 T WM Jrupted service of United States . iftWe can provide you withUnited States Tires that will41:nr1irxCL4" xtyih rrliirisii'flrw. ,w w.- xrequirements.There is a type for every!? ?rneed of price or use.'Chain' 'Usco'A.W r..jT vUnited States Tiresare Good TiresWe KNOW United States Tires are good tires. That's why we sell them.PAHIS GARAGE (Eugene Roberts) Paris, Ky.EUGGLES MOTOE COMLLERSBTTRG rTATtftWAHE CO.,J. W. MITCHELL & SONParis, Ky.. . . .Millersburg, Ky.North Middletown, Ky.MARGABETT COLLEGE CLOSESThe annual commencement of Margaret College will be held June 10.The baccalaureate sermon will bepreached at St. John's church, June8 th.The graduating class consists ofMisses Mary Belle Murray, of Frankfort; Alice Clark Kellogg, of Richmond; Miss Alice Stout, of Woodfordcounty; Marion Porter, of Beattyville; Frances Taylor, of Frankfort,and Martha Talbott, of Paris.oA Field Marshal never retires, butremains on the active list and drawsfull pay till the day of his death.Wr.m. y atM&ii 111inII I ' 1 1 IBANKING BY MAILSffr-Ah)lutely Private'HjXjHjHflHJITI?fNS national BAtilgEvtMvllle. M, "r vn.vaa is5niccweBanJtd,QaVnailniaut:musands qBy Mail.V "5' VJHiCL X7Uby a oalneullm'. Vnusiness merfja from yu UripiiBn 01 ourst Jsank lnlnaaAV v4rDistaneq isbring ourusing theour many tlwho "Bankts safelmanagedtors of Ecessfut bA worfull descLargoelusive srndianapot," we wllr door, feyBe one ofepositorhis Banknservatlvelyof Oirec-ost suenrQf'ts, JTINTEREST111 brlns,lan.ana ex;SOURCES 10 MILLIONSTHE DIEFEIIENCEis noticeable to you as well as toothers. Our new bi-focal lenses eliminate the old dividing line that was sodisfiguring to your appearance andenable you to read or see at a distance witu equal ease.Why not call on us and have anexpertOPTJCIANvexamine your eyes and fit you to theright glasses?DR. 0. L. ERYE,v Eyesight Specialist,(21mar-tf-F) . Paris. XyNaf bbMbiIII aH VfiVIJILL UHMMnM'UWHITE5HOEDRESSINGMHlMllaaaal!UMliWl !!IimwMtiMiiiiMaMMHj'is:KEEP YOUR SHOES MEATTHEF.F.BALLEYCOBVOKATlOMtrmfmMmrrr4mmmmAm PVTOkaBBVTCBBa-'Arlli?, rTHE BOURBON HEWS, PARIS, KEHTUCNFJtlDAY, JUNE 6, 1919,asCTHE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMOADMISSIONAdults Tirll- -l &--. A--r .Children and Gallery. Ticket 9c; War Tax 1 c-1 OcITO-DAY, FRIDAYChildren FreeMONDAY, JUNE 9thMARY PICKFORDINPAGE EIGHTfIfIH.;Ethel Clayton, . IN"MAGGIE PEPPER"Pepper's her name and pepper's ner temper. That's the sort ofsaleslady Ethel Clayton shows you in this picture. She sells goods asnatural as life, and can prink her hair and kid the cheap mashersGee, it's fine to see a girl who knows how to take care of herself, isn't it?Ruth Roland "The Tiger's Trail"and Hearst News,NOTE. Children will be admitted free to-day-War tax lc.TO-MORROW, SATURDAYTOM MOOREIN"A MAN AND HIS MONEY"It is a comedy-drama of society life, with a "background of polomatches, country clubs, fashionable drawing rooms and mountain lodges.By no means a light play in spite of its delicate character drawing andsatire, "A Man and His Money" tells the story of a young man who ismade aware of the futility of his life when his fiancee breaks their engagement, SMILING BILL PARSONSin "THE POTUM OF SWAT"v and Current Events.6655When he first saw her she was fighting like a little wildcat Heloved her then and there for her "spunk," even though she was but ananimated uundle of rags. Then he lost her, he thought forever.Years later he stepped through the doorway of his own palatialEastern home and there, arrayed in the most fashionable creations of theFifth Avenue modistes he sawNow don't be too sure. You may be wrong,while to come and find out.It certainly is worthParamount-Sennett Comedy, "Rip and Stitch, Tailors"and Burton Holmes Travel PictureMILLERSBURGMr. S. B. Bruce was in Vancefcurg from Wednesday until to-dayon business.Col. W. M. Layson continuesabout the same.Buy your candies at Caldwell's.Always fresh, and we have a good assortment. Mr. and Mrs. C. W. Howard, ofLexington, were guests of Mr. andMrss W. D. Mclntyre, Wednesday.We still have some figs, the laston the market. They are in splendid condition.R. M. CALDWELL.Miss Caroline Mclntyre returned Wednesday from. Randolf-MaconCollege, Virginia, where she has beenattending school during the pastyear.Mr. Arthur Thomason, of Chicago-,111., .arrived Thursday as theguests of his parents, Mr. and Mrs.E. P. Thomason.Next Tuesday, June 10th, wewill have a demonstration of the Detail Vapor Stove, something new ini'way of coal oil stove. Everyoneiuited.A S. BEST & CO.Mr. William Wright, Mrs. Lawrence Thorn, Mr. and Mrs. JohnWright Mr. and Mrs. C. H. Jonesand Miss Ruth McClintock attendedthe funeral of Mr. Albert Wright, atLerlngton; Thursday afternoon. Mr.Wright was a brother of Mr. Wm.WrightMr. W. W. Shannon, whose automobile was stolen from him lastweek while in Louisville, received atelegram saying the machine hadbeen, located in Memphis, Tenn. Mr.Shannon went to Louisville, Wednesday afternoon, returning Thursday.The machine will be returned to himin a few days.oJOHNNY'S MAN1TERS.A COMPLICATED WATCH.That the art of making complicated watches of high quality servicesin London, is shown by a clock andcalendar watch which was recentlysubmitted to the Kew tests, beingthe first watch of its class to be sosubmitted. In the first place, it(strikes the hours and quarters inpassing, though it can be made silentif desired, and in the second it is aminute repeater. In addition it hasan elaborate calendar mechanismshowing the name of the day of theweek, the name of the month andthe phases of the moon. The dateof the month is indicated by a pointermoving day by day round a semi-circle;an account is taken of leap year,the mechanism being constructed ona four years' style; thus when thelast day of the month is reached, beit the 28, 29, 30 or 31, the pointerflies back to 1. The watch, whichwas made by a London firm, has afree-sprung escapement with overcoil hairspring, and in the Kew testsit received 77.8 marks out of a possible 100, being awarded 29.8 (out ofa possible 40) in respect of variationof daily rate, 30.1 (out of 40) in respect of change of rate with changeof position, and 17.9 (out of 20) fortemperature compensation. The dialmeasures just over 2 inches in diameter.ORGANIZE A STAMP CLTJB.Where the carefully trained childlearns bad manners is a standingmystery to its watchful parents.These anxious rearers of the youngare often heard propounding thisquery, but generally without result.Once in a while, however, out of thedeep silence comes an illuminatinganswer.Johnny furnished one just theother day. He had just finished aparticularly toothsome dish of applepudding, which he ate to the lastmorsel. Then, despite the fact thatthere was company at the table, hedeliberately picked up his saucer andlicked it clean."Johnnyf exclaimed his mother,after a- horrified gasp. "Who did youGver see do a thing like that?""Dogs," replied Johnny.oThe expenditures a year of theUnited States Reclamation Serviceare about $8,000,000."Organize a stamp club in the cityor town where you live! Take theinitiative and call some of your philatelist chums together at yourhouse," advises the Stamp Editor,Kent B. Stiles, in Boys' Life for May.i "You will derive a lot of fun from itall and will add stamps to your collection by exchanging duplicates."For example, seven hoys in theJackson Heights section of QueensBorough, in New York City, met recently and formed the JacksonHeights Philatelic Society. Theymeet every fortnight and talk andtrade stamps, and other boys in thecommunity are joining, and the fathers who used to collect stampsand one or two still collect havetaken an interest in the project. Atthe first meeting the stamp editorjof Boys' Life was present by invitation; he brought along his collectionof war stamps and addressed theJackson Heights boys on these fascinating adhesives. Then officers werechosen, and a 50-cent initiation feewas decided upon, with dues fixed at10 cents a meeting. This immediatelyprovided a treasury to finance thepurchase "of a 'standard catalogue,hinges, watermark detector and otherphilatelic accessories and to subscribeto a philatelic weekly journal."DEATHS.ANDERSON.Mrs. Anna Letitia Anderson,aged eighty-one, died recently athome of her son, Mrs. Henry C.Anderson, at Dayton, Ohio. Mrs.Anderson was the widow of the lateL. C. Anderson, of near North Middletown, who was formerly a memberof the Bourbon Fiscal Court, and awell-known farmer of the North Middletown community. She is survivedby three sons, Henry C. Andeisonand Arthur F. Anderson, both ofDayton, Ohio, and P. S. Anderson, ofDover, Ky.TALBOTT.The funeral of Miss Jennie Talbott, aged sixty-five, who died Tuesday morning in a Lexington hospital,where she had been under treatmentfor some time, was held from theresidence of Miss Susie Horton, onCypress street, with services conducted by Rev. W. E. Ellis. The hurial followed on the family lot in theParis Cemetery.Miss Talbott was a daughter ofthe late Mr. Henry Talbott, of LittleRock, and was a sister of the lateGus Talhott, who for many years wasconnected with the Kentuckiarv-Citi-zenoffice in Paris.Possibly one" reason for the cen-'sorship of the cables is to put a softpedal on what the President thinksJof those Republican Congressmen.HMIIHMni4mHlimilllilH4tHfMMMThe J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMERSMainand SixthStreetsParis Ky.Day phone 36Nisht : . . 56or Home 286Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.-aBBBBBBBBBBBBaHHgHHuHfilEBKBBKSfPERKINS.Mrs. Mary H. Perkins, widow ofthe late Mr. J. Harvey Perkins, diedat her home in Lexington, Sundaynight, after a short illness. Thefuneral was held at the family residence Tuesday morning at ten o'clockwith services conducted by Rev.Mark Collis. The burial followed inthe Lexington Cemetery.Mrs. Perkins was a , daughter o.fBenjamin Huffman, and was bornand reared in Bourbon county. Shewas a woman of beautiful Christiancharacter, whose friends were numbered by hundreds. Her life was devoted to her home and her family.STEPHENS.William Bruce Stephens, agednine, son of Mr. and Mrs. BruceStephens, of near Paris, died at theMassie Memorial Hospital, in thiscity, about 7:30 o'clock yesterdaymorning, after a short illness. Thelittle fellow was brought from hishome to the hospital late Wednesdavnight, suffering from an attack ofappendicitis. The attending physicians postponed operating on accountof his critical condition. Peritonitisfollowing, death ensued early yesterday morning.He is survived besides his parents,Bruce and Ida Stephens, by one sister, Mattie E. Stephens, and twobrothers, Wesley and Lowell ThomasStephens. The body will be taken toSalem, in Harrison county, to-night,for burial.ARMSTRONG.Mrs. Lina Armstrong, aged thir-ty-sfx,wife of Mr. Marion Armstrong, pumphouse engineer for theLouisville & Nashville Railroad Company, died suddenly at her home onThird street, Tuesday about noon.Mrs. Armstrong suffered an attack ofpneumonia and Spanish influenzaduring the epidemic of the past falland winter, and never quite fully recovered from the effects. The hearttrouble which carried her off was oneof the after-effects.Besides her husband, she is survived by one small son, Stanley Dot-son; ner motner, Mrs. Lizzie Welburn, of Florida; three sisters, Mrs.Fannie Graves, of Lexington; Mrs.Sallie Radcliffe and Miss Lola Welburn, both of Lexington.The funeral arrangements hadbeen deferred until last night awaiting the arrival of Mrs. Armstrong'smother, from Tampa, Florida. Thebody will be taken to Lexington forburial probably to-day.oARE COHSETS LUXURIES?The question of whether corsetsare underwear is not one to be decided hastily, it was said at the Bureal of Internal Revenue. The bureau has been asked for a ruling onthe question by the National DryGoods Association. Retail merchantsthroughout the country have beenadvised through their national organization to collect the new luxurytax on corsets costing more 'than $5until it can be determined whethercorsets are a luxury or necessity.The tax will be refunded if the decision is adverse to the Governmentand favorable to the women.One of the strangest things in thisworld is whjr a man would so muchrather have a. clean shavA thaiiKNIOHTS OF PYTHIAS ELECTNEW OFFICERS.The recent meeting of RathboneLodge Knights of Pythias, was one ofthe most interesting of that organization for many months. The KnightRank was conferred on six candidates in the presence of probably thelargest attendance the lodge has hadfor a long time.After the work by the degree team,the election of officers took place, resulting in the following selectionsbeing made:Chancellor Commander, WalterBlythe; "Vice Chancellor, Roscae Carmichael; Prelate, Sello Wollstein;Master-at-Arms, Thos. Harp; Master-of-Work,Louis Wollstein; Keeper ofRecord and Seal, B. R. Dickerson;Master of Finance, John K. Cahal;Master of Exchequer, P. J. McCord;Inner Guard, B. C. Carmichael; Outside Guard, C. W. Fothergill.The wives, daughters, sisters andsweethearts will accompany theKnights of Pythias on their all-dayouting ito the Pythian Home, at Lexington, some day this month. Theprogram will be announced later.INSURANCE.Fire, Tornado, LightningAutomobile and Hail.YERKES & PEED.(janl4-tf)City licenses are now due andshould be paid promptly to CityTreasurer W. W. Mitchell. Penalties will soon attach to those failingto comply with this law.(27-5t)BIRTHS.To the wife of Mr. B. H. Dean,of near Shawhan, a daughter, theirfirst born.Near Clintonville, to the wife ofMr. W. W. Dotson, formerly MissMattie McClain, a daughter.To the wi,fe of Mr. Wm. E.Clarke, formerly Miss AileenSchwartz, a daughter, christenedMarion.WOOL WANTEDWill pay highest marketprice. Sacks furnished free.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(aprl8-tf)STOCK, CROP, ETC.Caywood & McClintock sold twomare mules, one six years old, andthe other seven, to George Bramblette, of Milersburg, for $300 each.BUYS NEW INTERESTS.Mr. Alex Mellinger, formerly ofParis, where he was employed as engineer on the Louisville & 2 ashvillerailroad, has purchased the businessof the Richmond Bottling Works ofMr. Emil Lerisch, and will conduct itin the future. Mr. Mellinger sometime ago ago sold out his interest inthe Richond Hotel. He and his family are pleasantly remembered byParis people. During their residencehere they resided in a cottage in theThornton Division.Blue Grass Oil ExchangeIncorporatedKentucky Oil Securities Bought, Soldand Traded.Let us have your buying and selling orders. Open CallSession and Auction every Saturday at 8:00 p. in.418 MAIN STREETCurnb. Phone 313 Paris, KentuckyRVJDJTST COHE3N'SIs the Place to Buy YourSUMMER FOOTWEAREnormous stocks ofSummer Footwear,consisting of the verylatest styles in allassortments of reliable models. Our unequaledsystem of merchandising enabling us to sell atless than wholesale cost makes this store theSHOE CENTER OF ECONOMYShop here, be correctly shod for summer and you will appreciatethe big savings.OnwOnoiMHkaarMan.LADIES' PUMPS ANDIn Patent and Brown KidWALK-OVERSAt SpecialBargain PricesOXFORDS3" &6SLadies' Patent Kid OxfordsatLadies' Dark Tan EnglishOxfords, $4.50 valuesChildren's Black Kid M. J.Pumps .$3.493.491.24Men's Tan English OxfordsatMen's Gun Metal EnglishOxfordsBarefoot Sandalsat$5.003.5099cMisses' and Children's Shoes and Slippers at Extremely Low PricesDAN COHENII Paris' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy ReignmiiiiiiyiiitiittI kind of teeth.'Z'JVTTy-"sTHE B0UBB01C NEWS, J?AJHS, XEHTtTCR "' "wr-FRIDAY, JUNE 6, 1S14?f3KKEES EROM THE Y. M. C. A.Mrs. Hiram ftoseberry, leader ofGirl Scouts, has perfected arrangements with the officials of the Y. M.O. A. by which the members of thatorganization will be enabled to usethe Y for a meeting place every Saturday afternoon.With the coming of warm weatherthe swimming pool at "the Y is again"becoming the Mecca for many Parispeople and a large number is in attendance each day. Swimmingclasses have b$en inaugurated for beginners, with competent instructorsin charge.Mr. T. K. Smith, who has beenaway from Paris for some time, hasturned, and has accepted the position of physical instructor in thelocal Y. M. C. A. for the summermonths. He was formerly employedia the same capacity at the Y, butlast fall resigned to take a professorship in the Millersburg Military Institute. He will continue to makefcis home in Millersburg, coming toParis each day.More than fifty Boy Scouts werepresent at the illustrated lecturegiven at the Y Friday night by Mr.K B. Donaldson, .Y. M. C. A., DistrictSecretary. His subject was "Life AtCamp Daniel Boone." Before thelecture a meeting of the Boy Scoutswan held and it decided to resume theactivities started last summer, withMr. T. K. Smith as leader.WOOL WAITED.Will pay highest market price.aU, get sacks and twine. Sacks furaiiOied free.E. B. HITTCHCRAFT & CO.(may23-6t)oHKELESS GAS RANGES.TO REGULATE AUTO PARKING.In a card to the general publicMayor B. B. January deplores thenon-observance of the automobileparking ordinance, and offers a number of valuable suggestions. He declares that if those who drive machines will do in Paris as they dowhen thev eto in LPTinnnn jI other cities, we will have no troubleloTiil if frnm Vlr. 4.J -im .iui wm ume you aon't nndyour machine where you left it youwill find it at tho proper place, "as Ishall instruct the police to complywith this request, subject to a suspension." There is Ho question of the dailyviolation of the city ordinances regarding machines. THE NEWS canrecall a large number of instanceswhere auto drivers have left theirmachines standing in front of thisoffice for hours at a time, and oftenwith the engines running. On oneoccasion two big autos that had beenleft standing in front of the office forseveral hours had to be pushed awayso that a delivery of news print paper intended fof the office could bemade by the transfer company.oPOULTRY AND RABBIT PENCEJUST WHAT yOU NEED.We have a splendid stock of American poultry and rabbit fence. Letus sell you the best poultry fence inthe world; will turn stock; price isright.(27-4t) LOWRY & MAY.MONEY RIGHT IN YOUR HANDFOR EGGS, POULTRYAND JUNK.LrCt us how you the five big pointsin. the Chambers Fireless Gas Range.See window display.(3J-8t) JOHN MERRINGER.oPARIS HIGH SCHOOL COMMENCEMENT EXERCISES.The baccalaureate sermon to thegraduating class of 1919 of the ParisHigh School will be delivered to themembers of the class at the Presbyterian church on Sunday, June 8, byRev. Dr. Cotton, of the LouisvillePresbyterian Theological Seminary,at eleven o'clock, a. m. On Thursday night, June 12, at the HighjSool Auditorium, Dr. John Leonardr)l, of the Georgetown College, willW'fver the address to the graduating-'ass, at eight, o'clock. The annualrocoption by the Junior Class to theSeniors will be given on Mondaynight, June. 9, in the gymnasium.lass Day exercises will be held in&o auditorium on Tuesday night ataiffhto-'clbck.1at A BEAUTIFUL STOCK.Our stock of graduating gifts iscomplete..C30-tf) THE A. J. WINTERS CO.SCHOOL CENSUS HGURESAcording to information given outby County Superintendent of SchoolsJ. B. Caywood, the 1919 public schoolcensus of Bourbon county, as compared to that of the last year, shows anet gain of 259 pupils between theages of six and eighteen years, divided as follows: White, 2,264; negroes, 891. The 1918 census totaled,white, 1,996; negroes, 900, a netgain of 250 white children and ninenegro children. The city census for1919 shows 948 white children and304 negro children. This is a netgain of fifty, consisting of 38 whitesand 11 negroes. The increase in thecounty is due to the incoming families from other counties as a resultof the sub-division of a large numberof farms into smaller tracts.ADD SCHOOL CENSUSThe State Board of Education hadestimated that there would be a falling off of 116 in the county, but gavethe County Board of Education permission to take the school census atits own expense. If the school percapita remains the same as lastyear Bourbon county will have gained $1,698.75, less the cost of takingthe school census, which amounted to?157.75.Highest cash price for eggs,poultry, hides and junk. yMUNICH & WIDES CO.,(11-tf) Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.oPROF. BOSLEY RESIGNSProf. John L. Bosley, former Postmaster and newspaper man of Paris,who has been principal of the ClarkCounty High School for several years,has resigned his position, and willgive the remainder of his time to recreation and study."The reason for my resisminc: as! Principal of the Clark County HighSchool," said Professor Bosley, "involves an important feature of schoolorganization, but as any discussionof schtfol methods, Board action orteachers' qualifications seems tobring on sentimental hysteria, I havenothing further to say say along thatline at present. I promise a full public discussion of the Winchester andClark county - institution nextspring."oWOOL WANTED.We pay market prite for yourwool. Sacks ready. We receivewool at both our North Middletown and Paris warehouses.CLARKE & YOUNG.(apr22-tf)BINDERTWINE -THATGOOD KIND.GOODGet your binder twine from uswe will save you money.(3-2t) FARMERS' SUPPLY CO.City licenses are now due andshould be paid promptly to CityTreasurer W. W. Mitchell. Penalties will soon attach to those failingto comply with this law.(27-5t)PROMINENT WORKER IN CHARGEujj SALVATION ARMYCAMPAIGNMiss Anne Coushaine, of New YorkCity, newspaper woman, magazinewriter, director of war work campaigns for the government, who hasraised more than a hundred milliondollars for hospital, college and war.work, has been placed in charge ofme .muegrass section of the HomeService Fund Campaign. foY the Salvation Army by Colonel I. Sbbel,State Director. Since April, 1317,Miss Coushaine has conducted campaigns for the War Department'sCommission on Training Camp Activities in North and South Dakota,.Nebraska, New Jersey, MissouriyIowa, Minnesota, District of Columbia, North and South Carolina, Virginia, Delaware and Maryland. Shewas the only woman campaign director so employed and is the only woman director of the Salvation Armywork.Miss Coushaine is tremendouslyenthusiastic over the Bluegrass andits people, and greatly pleased withthe appreciation of the work of theSalvation Army lassies among thesoldiers in the field in Europe. "Ihave met with the most charmingcourtesy," said Miss Coushaine, "inevery county I have visited and havebeen given the finest co-oDerationJon the part of the most prominentpeople in thase counties. Especiallyare the fraternal societies showingtheir friendliness to our work,many of them giving us warm endorsement and some of them actuallyorganizing to aid us in the campaign,which will start in this section June23 and end June 30."ANNUAL CONFERENCE WILLPROBABLY BE HELB HEREIt had been planned to hold the annual meeting of the Kentucky Conference, M. E. Church, 'South, in Winchester, but owing to the delay inthe completion of the new Methodistchurch there, this will be impossible. It is probable the conference wiTTbe held in Paris or Mt Sterling. Afund has been provided for the entertainment of the visitors. A placeof meeting will be decided upon by acommittee, which Is composed ofGeorge E. Tomlinson, of Winchester,W. 0. Sadler, of Covington, and W.W. Ball, of Maysville.The committee will meet duringthe commencement exercises of Kentucky Wesleyan College and will thenbe prepared to receive invitations forthe conference.The conference meets on September 3. Bishop Denny, of RichmondVa., will preside.oFOR GRADUATION GIFTS.Nifty novelty gotfs for graduation.! (tf) SHIRE & FfTHIAN.FARMERS, READ THIS LIST WEWILL SAVE YOU MONEYBinderv Twine; Screen Doors, allsizes; Belting; Paints; Oils; Harness; Saddles of all kinds and makes.(30-2t) FARMERS SUPPLY CO.oMONEY RIGHT IN YOUR HANDFOR EGGS. POULTRYAND JUNK.Highest cash price for eggs,poultry, hides and junk.MUNICH & WIDES CO.,(11-tf) Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.oSHE, TOO?William J. Burnes, the noted detective, said in a Scranton lecture:"To a well-trained detective everyincident is pregnant with significance yes, every incident is as fullof meaning as well, I am remindedof a story:"A young man sat in a parloralone. To him a beautiful girl entered. Thereupon the young manarose, took six cigars from his upperwaiscoat pocket, laid them carefullyon the piano, and then advanced toward" the girl passionately, his armsoutstretched."But the girl drew back." 4You have loved before,' shesaid.FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSSpecial LotOfLadies' Suitsat$15.00Just Received:June ShipmentofWelworth Waistsat $2.50Wirthmor Waists rat $1.50FRANK & COLADIES' OUTFITTERS ..Automobile Delivery:9BB. - . ,- I ,-.---TheI.:5 'WWlMttrmrflMflUflMMAnnouncementLitfleBunHNn& k Go,r; f i II(To Be- Incorporated)CAPITAL STOCK $500,000 PAR VALUE $1.00General Offices, Paris, Ky.PERSONNEL --OFFICERS DIRECTORS ".JudgeGeo. Batterton President Ira Parks R. H. WiltsJas. H. Moreland Vice President C. E. Wilson H, S, Rcdmond - mj - -- Thos. A.( McDonald E. B. MyersS.E.Bedford Treasurer Jm Lv Denton Jas. H, Moreland; J, T. Mattox Secretary Judge George BattertonOURHOI:oi:sra-st. vrTEighteen hundred acres of leases in Elliott and Morgan Counties, the coming oil field of Kentucky.We Have On This Property, , One oil well good for 25 barrels or more per day, v. fOne gas well that tests 1,000,000 cubic feet daily. . ! iWe are moving a rig on our property and expect to be drilling next week. A limited amountof stock is now being offered at25 Cents Per ShareOOBuy now while you are able to get in on the ground floor. Ask for one of our folders, which will explain in detail ourproposition.The Little Banjo Oil & Gas CompanyJUDGE GEORGE BATTERTON, PresidentPARIS, KENTUCKYr.sf-r.i Iru3tKr:ZZI1M --ijui ,, mM- - t-- JMmroiaiiiaiiiiuuiii ZZ 9MMjKMmm.mLmm. . - " , ZT v " SB 1'c-&r-yTT" J-fr-' '' "- Wrp.iJdlTSacT-'$ w- ? - ''Vifrm157i(INCOBPOBATED)- uCapital Stock $1,000,000Executive Office Paris, KentuckyOperating Office Scottsyille, Ky.Par Value $1.00-r--. -JSgmrneaterhmmmmmM'lMilliffi II!.'IIkOFFICERSFrank Pe White, President and DirectorGeorge L. Doyle, Treasurer and Director.Thomas J. Day, Vice President and DirectorGeorge W. Stuart, DirectorThomas J. Day, Field ManagerPROPERTIESJohn M. Stuart, Secretary and Director0. T. Hinton, Chief Counsel1. 38 Acres in Barren CountyNear the Winlock wells.2. 20 Acres in Allen CountyTwo miles south of Scottsville,wells aiitl Dalton poolbetween Boxtown1-30 Interest in McReynolds 20-Acre LeaseIn Allen county, in the famous McReynolds pool.Four wells now drilled and tanks erected. Nowpumping oil. Fifth well now drilling and offsetting150-barrel well.87 1-4 Acre Lease, Knox County, Texas7 1-4 Acres of this territory offsets a well nowdrilling and down over 2,000 feet..I" rfS r Tf-.Allen County, A Paradise For"Poor Oil Operators"!iMite -;tEE-v-1if&(from Louisville Eeraid, April If, 1919)1 By B. W. GBATZER. ' . . .' r .Krst it was Estill, then later Lee that sent the Kentucky oil boom a sizzling. Now it is Allen': At'least it is Allen County for the oil nien of moderate means who wish to lease some property and "digahafe",.For, it .costs lets to drill a well and and operate a" 'lease in Allen County than any of the' oil producingcounties .of Zentueky1 . This is not merely a guess, or brought out by careful complication of costs and expenditures that go hand, in hand withe oil development, but the cost of operating' in Allen County is somuch cheaper than other counties of Kentucky, that right now it is drawing more new operators than evenin Lee, the end of the Kentucky oil "prospector's rainbow."There ar more drills in Allen County right now than any other county in the State," said a Louisville, oil man recently ;after returning from a tour of inspection of Allen County in search of a suitable leasefor his company. There is a reason for this condition. Oil men of experience state without hesitationthat a well cam be drilled in Allen County for $1,200, while in other oil producing districts the cost caneasily run to $5,000 or more if roads are bad and one of the many oil mishaps sets itself in the path of thedrill. Water is plentiful in Allen County, which is another factor highly favoring the prospector. In theEastern oil section of the State, quite frequently during the hot summer months operations ceased on someof the biggest leases because of water shortage.; ;, ' BABBEN AND WAEBEN, TOO.:Barren and vWarren counties, two of the latest comers, in 'the Kentucky oil boom, are sharing' the popularity of ABem County as cheap. operatine,-districts. - In -Barren, and Warren counties there. is much ezcite-..!'''. - - - . - -ment at thjsjome, not only because it costs little to operate, there, Jrat because the percentage of drv holes run .swmnabkoJ'eroent. which, is an, exceedingly low axerage.r ' , " r'At!fcetejx'new drills are being; set1 up in Allen, arren and Barren-counties, Western Kentucky bids'fail to become the center of oil activity .in 'Kentucky this, summer, unless another Lee county springs up inthe vast possible oil areas that so far have not been scratched by the drill.IS OPEN COUNTRYAllen County terrain is the oil man's delight. It is an open country and promises a long life -for oilproduction as it is gottenunder a limestone formation. In drilling a well in Allen, casing pipe, which is always a thorn in the driller's side because of so many things that can happen to it and ruin the well, is almost unnecessary. It never requires more than 60 feet of casing for an Allen county well, and this is merely to keep surface waters out of the well as the drill goes down to the limetsone formation.The Gainesville pool is the heart of the Allen County field as tested out to date. A drill put down within the limits of this pool is sure to get oil in paying quantities. Production is spreading from the Gainsvifle Pool toward Half Way and Allen Springs, several good wells and domes being found in the vicinity -ofthe latter places indicating the good structure of the Gainsville Pool extends farther than is generallybelieved. Allen is strictly a "dome afield," but it is just this feature that makes it possible to drill into oilin almost any section of the county. The productive area is not limited to certain localities as much as itis in Lee, Estill and other Eastern Kentucky counties. x(J . . . .'t?"",V-rlVnji:r,fy,i 'l'! LEASES HELD HIGH. ' " " ' ' ' -'""' --VThe property owners of Allen, Barren and' Warren counties are wide awake. They know what theyha?e,anxl-no better proof of this is seen than the prices they demand for leases. Wild cat territory, whereoil production is only a chance, is selling for $150 an acre. The same land would have sold for $1.00 amacre before oil was found, ne leases .are much higher in proportion to the other oil producing counties,but this is as it shojjldjbep for none other offers the easy develonment of Allen County.The oil man or oil .company .holding a lease on Allen County property does not have to spend a fortunein developing'it; or simkimg a test well to ascertain just what he has bought. This in itself, is enough tomlake it certain the bulk of summer development in Kentucky will center in the western countie of Allen,Warren and Barren.i at bl&JlririmpiBRitkMfvinA Company Organized to Develop Properties in the Great Fields of Western Kentuckyr:i ic cFnirk in A I Ion Cnuntv at a dDth of 250 feet, andby running two shifts a well can be brought in within aweek's time.The cost of putting down a well In this field is only a fraction of what it costs to drill a well In Lee and Estill Counties;visile aieairutK in uen with a flow of n rstsss&xs ar of ssfc? JStf?? firasmilr-miSv-itGET IN NOW AT 10 CENTS