-X" -.---. "W- Jtir---. 1- j V-" -.,V-SJ A..-. - .-vil--vr --- - y.. "3P-"- jT". V """"iZ ' ufcLi tMS J--- 2TCfyir'i"NEWSr l- V: - i iPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY ANB FRIDAY TO THE YEAR.'V-n. ..- .J-iJ.C , k " " " . . j- 'i ' .--- , -w- -., . tr:ri i7-".... -f-" - J. -? v. ti .- , ..-,-. -j-2ttrWB-&&?--THE BOURBON. v T- 3y V- -afrigrC5-- - " icjpsrs- -;3 -VOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1919Si rSS'SSLAi 'Clfi BIXL SCHOOLERAUTO THIEF ARRESTEDParis authorities were notifiedSaturday of the arrest in Louisville,of R. H. Baker, a former resident ofParis, who is alleged to have victimized any number of Paris merchantsby passing worthless checks, andwho was further "wanted" here on acharge of embezzlement and makingway wiwi an auto belonging to Mr.J. M. Scott.While in Paris, Baker conducted ataxi cab business in a stand onMain street, between Seventh andEighth streets. He also conducted adry cleaning establishment on Fifthstreet, with the assistance of hiswife, they apparently doing a. thriving and prosperous business. Bakersold out his dry cleaning business,and being an expert auto mechanic,took a position with the OaklandGarage, later embarking in the taxicab business.About four months ago Baker issaid to have purchased a Nationaltouring car from J. M. Scott for33,200, making several small payments. When Mr. Scott was awayfrom his place of business Bakerdisappeared with the car, "which hehad purchased and another of thesame make, valued at $1,800. Alltrace of him was lost until Mrs.Baker wrote back from Louisville tothe people with whom she resided inParis, asking that her clothes beforwarded to her at Louisville. The"Louisville authorities were notifiedand soon had "Baker under arrest.The machine on which he had madethe payments, had already been recovered by Mr. Scott, and the secondTnachine had been sold to MagistratePeake, of Louisville. Baker is saidto be "wanted" in other towns,where he had left a string of worthless checks and unpaid accounts beTiind him.Deputy Sheriff James Gibson, ofParis, was sent to Louisville tobring Baker here, but was headedoff in Lexington, Sunday night, bya message from the Louisville authorities stating that they had decided to prosecute Baker on thecharges bi ought against him therebefore turning him over to the Paris,Mt. Sterling, Lexington and Winchester authorities, where he is being "wanted."vNEW STATE PRINTER.THE NEWS has information tothe effect that W. F. ("Uncle Bill")Schooler, editor and publisher of theSomerset Commonwealth, and one ofthe best-known journalists in theState, will be a candidate before hisparty for the office of Public Printer. Personally, privately and otherwise, we say amen to "Uncle Bill's"candidacy, and commend it withouthesitation.A better-equipped man for theposition could not be selected.Schooler has been in the printingbusiness from his infancy, and hasfilled many important and responsible offices in the profession. He wasfor a long time in the GovernmentPrinting Office at Washington, andhas spent the larger part of his lifein the newspaper game in this andother States. He has given his timeand talents unhesitatingly and without stint to the services of his party,and certainly deserves well at thehands of the powers that will be incontrol at Frankfort. His fitnessfor the position is unquestioned, andwith him at the helm of the Stateprint shop, the State will be thegainer in a business sense and thenewspaper game will lose a goodman, at least temporarily.XRELIGIOUS.BUY AT HOME PATRONIZEPROSPEROUS AND GROWINGHOME INSTITUTIONA,N0!We did not sell all our carriedover Boys' and Children's Suits lastweek. We did sell all the smallsizes, 6, 7, 8, 9 and 10. However, wei"have an excellent lot of 11, 12, 15,14, 15 and 16 years. If you have ahoy of that age, better come in rightaway and get one or two. They arewonderful bargains as these prices,? 7.50. $8.50 and $10, worth moremore than double the price. Agoodly lot of blue serges, which areliard to get at any price. All madeby Sampeck, the highest gradehoys clothiers in America.J. W. DAVIS & CO..Insist that your grocer furnish you"home-baked" bread and cakes. If hehasn't our goods, we will make deliveries through him. Try "American Beauty," "Mother's" and SaltRising bread. A full line of cakesand pies. Our bakery is neat andclean and everything is handled ina sanitary way. Our telephone isir RPARIS BAKING CO.(Successor to Wilmoth & Co.)(25-2t)oCHANGES IN BANKING JOBSMr. Thomas W. Allen, who hasfor years been a valued employe ofthe Bourbon-Agricultural Bank &Trust Co., acting in the capacity ofAssistant Cashier, has resigned hisposition and will in the future devote his entire time to farming.Mr. Allen has tendered his resignation to take effect on January 1.It is with great reluctance that, thebank lejts-Mr. Allen go, as he wasnot only an efficient and faithfulemploye, but had a following offriends that always insisted on"Tom" waiting on them.It is understood that Mr. Allen'sposition will be filled by Mr. Bernard Santen, who is an expert inhis line, and has been associatedfor years with the Fust NationalBank. Mr. Santen is quick, politeand capable and will fill the position with credit.The nation-wide campaign for$75,000,000 by the Baptist churchesof the United States, preparationsfor which have been under way forseveral months, will start next Sunday, to continue thiough the firstweek ir December.Rev. Conner Brown, of Louisville, filled the pulpit of the ParisPresbyterian church at the morningbtrvice sunaay. At night the congregation attended the services atthe Baptist church, to assist in welcoming the new pastor, Rev. ArthurFox.Rev. W. E. Ellis, who had justconcluded a series of revival meetings in Columbus, Ohio, filled hispulpit at the Christian church, Sunday morning. At the evening service Rev. F. E. Smith, of the Boardof Ministerial Relief, of Indianapolis, Ind., preached.Union Services of the Protestant churches will be held at theBaptist church, Thanksgiving morning. Rev. C. W. Grear, pastor ofthe Methodist church, will deliverthe sermon. A special musical service will be rendered by the combined choirs of the churches. Observe the day in the proper spirit byattending this special service.Next Sunday has been designated by the American Bible Society as"Universal Bible Sunday," and willbe so observed by all the Protestantchurches throughout the country.All ministers have been asked topreach that day on appropriate subjects, and special services will heheld in the Sunday schools and byother religious organizations.Rev. Arthur Fox, of Hope, Ark.,who recently accepted a call to thepastorate of the Paris Baptist churchin this city, preached his first sermon to the congreation Sundaymorning. Hex. Fox is an eloquentand pleasant speaker, and had hishearers with him intently from thebeerinnine to the end of his -. discourse. At the prayer meeting-1 service to-morrow night Rev. Fox willpreach a special sermon, in whichhe will have something to say abouthis coming to Paris and why he ishere.AUTHORITIES ASKED TO SEARCHFOR MISSING GIRL0The Pans Police department andthe county authorities have been requested by the Cincinnati Police-department to assist in the searchfor Emily Gump, a nine-year-oldgirl, who mysteriously disannearedfrom her home, No. 257 West McMicken Avenue, in Cincinnati, overa week ago. It was reported to theCincinnati authorities that the littlegirl, in a wagon in charge of twomen, had been seen in Falmouth,their supposed destination beingeither Pans or Lexington.The girl's mother stated that thelittle girl left home to go to an entertainment at the chaurch, andhas not been seen sihce. She wasseen at the church, in company .withiwo playmates. She was describedas being rather small for her atre."blue eyes and brown hair; wore ablue sailor-fashion dress; black tarn-'o-sbanter cap; black button shoes;brown coat ,and black stockingswhen she left home. Any information may be sent to Chief of PoliceLink, or to Sheriff Will G. McClintock, in this city.REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSPORMER PARISIAN POUTOINPLOUDAt A ? lora sold Saturday to Wni.J. Calvert, his residence located atthe corner of Main and Fifteenthstreets, in this city, for $7,500.Frank W. Sledd, who " recentlysold his residence in North Mirtrtio-Hown to J. D. Yocum. will hnfMnew home on his lot located in Northluiuuwiuffu, aujoming tne parsonage on Main street.THANKGIVING DONATIONSMASSIE HOSPITAL.PORSHANNON STOCK COMPANYOPENS WEEK'S ENGAGEMENT'&FRAN K& CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSGreatReductionsONXHigh ClassSuitsandSkirtsjFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSAutomobilelDelivetyTA?H,- t 3The Shannon Stock Gompany,anorganization of "superior merit,opened last night at the ParisGrand for a week's engagement.The bill for the evening's -entertainmentwas a good one, being thatsterling old play, "Where The RiverShannon Flows." The cast of characters was in good hands, each onedeserving of special mention. Thehouse was comfortably filled with anaudience that appreciated and applauded all the good points in theplay.To-night the company will be seenm a comedy-drama, in four acts,entitled "Tne Powers Tat Be," astory that will please all classes oftheatre-goers. Each member of 'thecast has an excellent part. Newvaudeville will be introduced between the acts. The play affordsthe ladies an opportunity fo wearing some pretty gowns. One of thefeatures of the engagement is theexcellent music rendered by the tenpiece orchestra, which presents aprogram of populai and calssical selections. The bill for the entire week is asfollows- Wednesday, Johnnie, GetYoui Gun;" Thursday, Matinee,"Thorns and Orange Blosaoms;"Thursday night, "The Girl HeCouldn't Buy;" Friday night, "Common Clay,;" Saturday Matinee,,"The Piodigal Daughter," Saturdaynight, "The Millionaire's Son andThe Shop Girl." Matinee proc-oJOBACCO MARKETSSnapp & Paton, of the RuddlesMills vicinity, sold Friday to J. F.Young, of Paris, aj small crop ofabout 3,000 pounds of tobacco forseventy-five cents a pound. This isso far a record sale of the crop inthis county for immediate delivery.o"HOME-COOKED" GOOD THINGSFOR THANKSGIVING DINNERHome-cooked cakes, pies, beatenbiscuit, etc., for Thanksgiving dinner. Place order to-day as it willbe too late aftei to-night. Alsonice fat oysters, celery, cranberries,grape fimt and all kinds of greenvegetables and fruits and grapes.Potatoes this week at 70 cents perpeck.MRS. ELLIS' CASH GROCERY,(25-2t) Opp. Court House.oSince the establishment of theMassie Memorial Hospital in thiscity it has been an annual customfor the people of the city and countyto donate supplies for the pantryjust before the Thanksgiving andChristmas holiday season. Theircontributions have been the meansof bringing good cheer to the "shutins" at the institution and demonstrated the truth of the old adagethat "It is more blessed to give thanto receive." Both work equally wellin this case. The management of.the Hospital makes the request fordonations for Thanksgiving asusual.Donations of potatoes, cabbage,flour, meal, meats, canned goods.preserves, jellies and all kinds ofedibles are asked. They will be sentfor if the donors will give theirlocation, or they may be left at anystore in Paris where they will beforwarded, if the Hospital is notified. Let us all give nice donationsfor this splendid institution. Everylittle gift will help greatly, andwill help some unfortunate to realize the goodness of Thanksgiving.Donations may be sent direct to theHospital, or left at the C. P. Cook& Co., Lavin & Connell or LoganHoward groceries,, whexeu they, willbe called for.oALIIE JONES SELLS KING'SFANCY FOR $4,500.One of the best sales in recentyears of a young stallion was consummated Saturday when Allie G.Jones, of North Middetown, sold toB. R. Pemberton, of Chicago, thethree-year-old chestnut stallion,King's Fancy, for $4,500.King's Fancy won both the saddle and fine harness classes at theKentucky State Fair, m 1918, as atwo-year-old. He followed up thesesuccesses the past season by againlanding these same classes and thethree-year-old and under championship as well. He is by the peerlessBourbon King, and his dam Eudora,a high-class brood mare by Highland Denmark. He is a full brotherto King's Rival, which Mr. Jonesshowed with great success as a twoand three-year-old and later sold tothe late Girard S. Parsons, of Hampton, N. J. He will probably makehis first show for Mi. Pemberton atthe International Livestock Show, tobe held in Chicago, in December.ATTENTION FARMERS! LET USKILL YOUR HOGS.Auctioneer George D. Speakessold at public sale last week a tractof five hundred acres of Jiill landbelonging to the Rogers estate, nearBlue Lick Springs, in Nicholascounty, for $85.25 an acre.Scott & Adcock, real estate agentsof Winchester, sold a farm of sixtyfive acres, located near Clintonville,belonging to R. V. Piggerstaff, ofClark county, to Frank Daniels andR. C. Finnell, of Fayette county forCharles T. Bales, as agent for J.W. Larkin, formerly of Paris, soldBis farm of 100 acres, together withthe stock, crop, etc., at public sale.The farm sold for $135 an acre, andwub purcnasea oy Frank Lair. Thestock, etc., sold for good prices.Mr. and Mrs. J. D. Yocum, ofEzell, Morgan county, nave purchased the stock of goods of McDaniel, Caywood & Co., of NorthMiddletown, and also the residenceof Mr. Frank W. Sledd, at the sameplace. They will take possessionthis week.The J.D. Booth farm of 245acres, located on the Jacksonvillepike, five miles from Paris, was offered at public sale Friday, andwithdrawn after the bid of $362:50an acre had been reached. The salewas conducted by the real estatefirm of Harris & Speakes, of thiscity, George D. Speakes auctioneer.Ralph Greenbaum, of Paris, soldSaturday, through the Q- R. Messick real estate agency, bT Lexington, his farm of 133 acres, locatedin Bourbon county, to Miss MattieHampton, of Garrard county.Possession will be given on March 1,1920. Mr. Greenbaum will move toLexington after that date, where heis engaged irithe"autom6Bile husi-nees.The funeral of Joseph 3U' "Stofnolds, aged fty, formerly of TmriLwho was found dead on the riilrnMtrack, near Lakeland, Fiorina.Thursday "night, was held at .tfcChurch of the Annunciation, in tUcity, yesterday morning at aiso'clock. The burial followed in'tkCatholic Cemetery.Mr. Reynold was a son of the lateMr. and Mrs. John Ryokte, CParis, and lived here until a fwyears ago, when he went West, locating in Kansas City, Mo., irkim-ne was engaged m businww. Itnot generally known thatleft Kansas City anC tknews of his death in the South, eastas a surprise to most peoffe hcwho knew him.The body was found lying bmutthe railroad track by a track-walker,who notified- the authoriti.- Ifone in Lakeland knew him, and tkvaiy metnoa ol eetabUshiB fewidentity was through an envelopfound in his pocket, addreeee to "J.A. Reynolds, Hawkinsvill, Ga."The authorities communicated -witk-Chiefof Police Giles, at HawJtfaville, who, in turn, wired Chief oTPolice Reagan, at Lexington, requesting information as to relativeof the dead man. Traffic OftcerMcCarthy, of Lexington,, recogaixethe description as fitting Joe P.ey"-.nolds, of Paris, with whom he was,well-acquainted and called Reynold's sister, Mrs. Edward Hutchison, formerly of Paris. Mrs. Hutchison said there could be no doubtthat the man found at Lakela&ft.was her brother, for according to amessage from him received latweek, he intended to leave Hawkinsville soon for Tampa, Florida.She stated that he had been liyimin Hawkinsville for about six. yerx,Reynolds is survived by three sifters, Mrs. Edward Hutchisoa,. oC"Lexington, and Mrs. Edward "BL .Gorey and Mrs. George Adams, boUtof Paris.Through the G. M.- ThompsonReal Estate Agency, of Millersburg,the two farms belonging to W. D.Mclntyre, were sold recently. TheCharles S. Jones farm, locatedat Blacks Cross Roads, containing100 acres, was sold to John Mason,for $22,500. The Leggett farm, located on the Jackstown pike, con-CUT PL0WE1S.Cut flowers and designs for airoccasions provided on short notice.(21-2t) JO. VARDBN.oPREPARE WHILE YOU CAM ; COLWEATHER COJIIKG.Our car-load of stoves and heatershave arrived. Buy now. Have themput up while you can.(28-tfy A. P. WHEELER 4rCO.taining sixty acres, was sold toHarold Hill, of Millersburg; for?15,00D. Possession of both places'will be given on March 1, 1920. Mr.Mason, who purchased the ChaJones farm, also purchased the farmof Mr. Albert Moffett, containing;seventy-five acres, located on tkmArdery pike, near Millersburg, foe$19,000.WE KNOW HWWe are especially prepared andnow ready -to slaughter your hogsfor you. and can do it better andcheaper that yon can. We will alsorender your laid and make yoursausage. Call us over the phoneand we will do the rest.MARGOLEN'S SANITARY MEATMARKET. (21-tf)oK. P'S WILL PRESENT A BIGVAUDEVILLE SHOWSUGAR AND COAL STILLHARD TO GETHARDPienarations are being made topiesent a big vaudeville show December 11, under the auspices orRathbone Lodge No. 12, Knights ofPythias. The -very best talent inParis will take pait, and a cast ofsome foity people will display theirtalents in a novel way.The show is a victory vaudeville,opening with a snappy militaryminstrels which will include thebest of black-face talent. The remainder of the performance will bea typical vaudeville program, fullof dancing, music and sketches.The K. P.'s will devote the proceeds to the Orphan's Home Fund,and the event promises to be the hitof the season.The seal city of sujrar and coal onthe local market is still the cause ofconsiderable apprehension on thjpart of most -housekeepers. Coalcan only be had m small quantities,and not over one ton will be sold toany one customer. - Some dealers arfcpractically out of coal, while otherslefuse to sell and deliver moie thana $2 older at any time. 'The sugar situation is also acutoThe sweet btuff is being sold in verysmall quantities to customers. Manyfamilie? are using substitutes forsugar in their households. Many ofJ he groceries are entirely out ofsugar,-an d",their. customer ?out ofhumof.Thefe is jia-reJIefMK sightfor eitherr---- , -xPICTURE PROGRAM AT ALAMOAFTEKNOON AND NIGHTTo-day, Tuesday, November 25Madeline Traverse, in "The SplendidSin;" William Duncan, in "Smashing Baniers;" Sunshine Comedy,"His Naughty Wife."To-morrow. Wednesday, November 26 Fanny Ward, in "TheProfiteers;" Big V Comedy, ""Matjsand Models;" Bray Pictograph.Thursday, November 27 ElaineHammerstein, in the "The CountryCousin:" Vod-a-Vil Movies; Pathe..Review :.-',"Shannon StocfcvCfompany- at the,-, " T Paris Grand every night, -"vAny Tailor Can Make Clothes;Only Master Tailors Can MakeOur Smart Clothes!cA carpenter can make a piece of furniture thatmay look well and last a few years. But the furniture , that we prize most, the pieces that have beenhanded down through generations as heirlooms, istne work ot cabinet makers men who knew wood,; -how to season and work it according to the grain,and how to join it so the joints would hold.So good clothes are tfie product of good tailors 'our Smart Clothes the product of the best tailors.Every operation, from the shrinking of the woolento the fastening of the buttons, is" the work of anartist in his special field each doing his bit for theultimate accomplishment of the perfect whole.Our Smart Clothes inherit a tradition that hasbeen handed down through generations of the samefamilies working side by side in the shops, and "tfierecord of the grandfather is a constant incentive Jto ,the son and grandson.'May we explain to you personally the advan-"'tage there is in this for you?M A A U 1 m-F WW m m . ! iX ,"-w --W -W.WW -MITCHELL & BLAKEMORESttUon Hats .Manhattan Shirts-vNtttkton SheDr. RaMir$ CusWan Salt SJat-? v(&-va- ,i-r'nl-II!1VttHIj1' 1fJi4iC,sV w"$j .5f.... ' 'HrT'TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1919f 1GE TWO, -i--i-TTrw 'THE BOUEBOIT HEWS, PAHIS, ,KENTUCKYX " "fV ' "l" " " ft" ' "v'f J'MP OF FIGS"THOSE WASTEFUL DAYSIS LAXATIVEFOR CHILDJXook At Tongue! Eemove Poisons" ,rrom Stomach, liver andBowelsITr i V C Wfi) ,-T Sn 111wFWii lit m ini ill' mJB I f Sri - UrAccept "California" Syrup of Figsonly look for the name Californiaon the package, tlien you are sure;your child is having the best andmost harmless laxative or physic forthe little stomach, liver and bowels.Children love its delicious fruit-taste. Full directions for child'sdose on each bottle. Give it with-'out fear.Mother! You must say "California." (adv)American liberality, American' open-handedness in the past liasI often meant little more than American waste. In the days gone bythe waste of good food from ani overstocked larder or the plentifullysupplied table was looKea upon asone of the incidents of house-keeping.Things have changed. Thewar brought its stern lesson wheninVesponse to the appeal of the government, for patriotic self-sacrificehousewives doled out their commodities with a sparing hand. The les-son was a, iiaiu uiie, um 11. wao to.ch.ly beneficial.There is danger that in tnesedavs manv will foreet. There isdanger of an easy subsidence to oldwasteful habits, in spite of the nignprices paid for the necessities oflife.There is no shame in thrift. Thepeople of the United States can welltjakp. exanmle from the age-old wisdom of European countries in thisregard. The state of the nousewnespurse should make no difference inguarding against waste. In thesedays when so much time and attention are given to household problems it should not be difficult for ahoueswife to obtain information toenaoie ner 10 so uruei nei tw.au o oto make good use of all the materialpurchased for household.The thrift which the householdcan practise is the same thriftwhich the government is seeking tofoster as a remedy for the highcost of living, and as a permanentAmerican- institution, through thesale of Treasury Savings Certificatesand War Savings Stamps. No greaterpatriotic duty rested upon thehousewife in the days when thefighting was on, than confronts hernow in the time of economic stress.BATTLE AGAINST TOBACCO ISBEALLY ON.Help Wanted -"Good woman wanted as a companion and help for elderly .womannd make home with her. Apply toMRS. J. H. MARTIN,(14-tf) Cumberland Phone 230.For SalelOne double-burner Wilson Gas"Heater, good as new. Can be seen:any time atMRS. C. Ii. BELL'S.tf) 1219 Main Street.BREAKS A GOLD INAn unbiased investigation intothe influence and forces at workleads to the conclusion that there isa well-defined campaign under way,backed by the forces which backedprohibition of the liquor traffic,which has for its ultimate objectthe prohibition of the sale and useof tobacco in every form.There is no present intention onthe part of the anti-tobacco forcesto work for a constitutional amendment to prohibit tobacco. The workwhich is going on consists of education, agitation, publicity directedagainst tobacco, and particularlyagainst the cigarette.The first legislative attempts willcenter in an. effort to obtain anticigarette legislation in the Stateswhere the chances of success arebest, and also to obtain enforcementof anti-cigarette legislation in thoseStates which already have such laws.but where they are a "dead letter."The legislative attack will startin Oregon. On Sept. 17 there wasfiled with the Secretary of State ofOregon by D. E. Frost, of OregonCity, an initiative petition coveringthe prohifeition of "the sale, use orpossession of cigarettes" in Oregon.Attorney General Brown, of Oregon has prepared the ballot title forthis anti-cigarette bill, and if it receives a sufficient number of signatures (it will require 10,000 signatures) it will be voted on by the people of Oregon in the general electionnext November.The attempt to get a drastic anti-cigarettelaw for Oregon followsthe revival of enforcement of theanti-cigarette law in North Dakota.JAMES WATSON SAYS, 'TLL NEVER FORGET WHEN FATHER'S HOGS GOTCHOLERAJUSTAFEWHS"Pape's Cold Compound" InstantlyRelieves Stuffiness andDistress"One morninc he found 20 hogsdead and several sick. He called inthe Vet, who after dissecting a ratcaught on the premises, decided thatthe rodents had conveyed germs.Since then I am never without RATSNAP. It's the surest, quickest ratdestroyer I know." Three sizes, 25c,50c, ?1.50. Sold and guaranteed byThe Farmers' Supply Co., Paris, Ky.(adv-nov)IFarm Wanted.-FARM WANTED Send description, iC. C. SHEPHERD, j(14-4t-pd) Minneapolis, Minn.PUBLIC SALEOFHousehold and Kitchen FurnitureHaving sold my home, I will sellt. public auction, onWednesday, Nov. 26, 1919,t 1:30 o'clock, p. m., at my lateresidence, corner of Duncan avenue.and Vine St., all my household andJtetehen furniture. Some rare bar-r gSrina.MRS. R. J. NEELY,Jl. F. Kenney Auctioneer." " (18-3t)Don't stay stuffed-up! Quitblowing and snfflling! A dose of"Pape's Cold Compound" takenevery two hours until three dosesare taken usually breaks up a severe cold and ends all grippemisery.The very first dose opens yourclogged-up nostrils and the airpassages of the head; stops noserunning; relieves the headache,dullness, feverishness, sneezing,soreness and stiffness."Pape's Cold Compound" is thequickets, surest relief .known andcosts only a few cents at drugstores. It acts without assistance,tastes nice, contains no quinine. Insist upon Pape's iWe should always speak well ofthe dead. Still, it comes ratherlate to get a fellow a job.Wanted--01d Hams.Wanted, Old Country Hams.Bring them to us. HigheHl cashprice paid at all times.E.'H. BRANNON & CO.,(21-3t-pd) 418 Main Street.o-STATE FAIR LOSS $3,100; CONSIDERED SMALL DEFICIT.A report filed with the StateBoard of Agriculture by Font Kramer, Secretary, shows that the 1919Kentucky State Fair was operatedat a loss of $3,100. The deficit isconsidered small when it is takeninto' consideration that the streetcar strike in Louisville kept enormous crowds from the fair and thatthe prize list amounted to $32,000more than in 1919. The prize listfor 1919 aggregated $110,000,which was an increase of $72,000over the 1915 fair.ConvalescentsBuild Up OnPepto-ManganFor SaleMahogany fine finished office deskand chairs, used only a few weeks.Several composition black boardsnever used. One large and one smallrug, one boy's dej-k. Inquire atBl.UEGRASS OIL EXCHANGE,(21-3t-pd) 4 IS Main Street.Small Bourbon Farmf 54 acres more or less of fine tobacco land, 2 1-2 miles fromFaris, on the Clintonville Pike (belonging to George K. Jones)AT PUBLIC AtJCTIONON Th'E PRE!VI!SE5Friday, November 28th, 1919? AT 10:30 O'CLOCK A. M.TRACT NO. 1 Contains about 30 acres, well watered and fenced,18 acres, plowed out of old sod spring of 1919, and remainder of old-sod for more than 12 years. Every acre will grow tobacco. Highfertility and strong producing land. Six-room frame house with hall and"back porch and cistern at door. Other necessary outbuildings." Just a--fine little farm that will prove a money maker.TRACT NO. 2 25 acres, more or less unimproved. Deep rich soil-and all in blue grass sod. Beautiful building site. Well fenced and wa-4ered. Ideal location. When you buy this farm you will get the cream--of Bourbon land for rapid money .making. Will be sold separately asibove stated and then as a whole and the best bid accepted. Termsvwill be liberal and made known on day of sale.KAURIS & SPEAKES,i Real Estate Dealers, Paris, Ky.fcl D. HARRIS, Business Manager. COL. GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer.,(18-25)Increases the Supply of Hich RedBlood Restores Strengthand VigorPhysicians Recommend ItSold In Liquid and Tablet FormThe Name "Gude's" the Guideto Genuine Pepto-ManganA serious illness, such as influenza or other infectious disease always leaves the body with low vitality, lack of strength, and impoverished blood.Gude's Pento-Mangan aids con-! valescents to a quick recovery, forit creates a generous supply of rich,red blood and restores the body tonormal, healthy condition.That's why physicians recommend Pepto-Mangan, for they knowthat it imparts to the blood the material so sorely needed by weak,run-dawn systems.Pale sallow, thin, easily-exhaustedmen and women find thatPepto-Mangan builds them up wonderfully. A new supply of rich, redblood is created, which in turn im-I pai ts the glow of health to thechecks, increases the appetite, uieeyes .sparkle, the entire systemtakes"a new lease on life.Pepto-Mangan is obtainable inliquid or tablet form, whicheverproves most convenient. Both formspossess identical medical qualities.There is but one genuine PeptoMangan and that is "Gude's." Askyour druggist for Gude's" and lookfor the naniB "Gude's" on the package. If it Ks not there, it is notPepto-Mangan.(adv).I4fj.iit imi gi-Tsn Jy5iii'?i:iSfltiil?Il M fr !E 1 f ff tMJJaB lOMU1Clover Hay!COLLIER BROS.Have just unloaded a nice carload of clover hay ; also another 1carload of nice white corn. Don't lorget tney nave domNEW AND OLD CORNOfffot Op if Prh T1mcco CumfctrlMUl PIimm 317nflM TOVflv 4i9iA burglar would secure yourproperty by stealth, but a striker,an anarchists and others, wouldhave it by rough work.ONLY A COLD.Are you ill? is often answered"Oh! it's only a cold," as if a coldwas a matter of little consequence,but people are beginning to learnthat a common cold is a matter notto be trifled with, that some of themost serious diseases start with amid. Ah soon as the first indication of a cold appears take Chamberlain's Cough Remedy. Remember that the Booner you get rid ofyour cold the em the danger, andthis remedy -will, help you to throwit off. ,LhMfefioUii cx SVJ'-'s- i " J" T?What you pay out your good money foris cigarette satisfaction and, my, howyou do get it in every puff of Camels!EXPERTLY blended choiceTurkish and choice Domestictobaccos in Camel cigarettes eliminate bite and free them from anyunpleasant cigaretty aftertaste orunpleasant cigaretty odor.Camels win instant and permanent'success with smokers because theblend brings out to the limit therefreshing flavor and delightful mellow-mildness of the tobaccos yet retaining the desirable "body." Camelsare simply a revelation I You maysmoke them without tiring your taste!For your own satisfaction you mustcompare Camels with any cigarettein the world at any price. Then,you'll best realize their superiorquality and the rare enjoymentthey provide.R. J. REYNOLDS TOBACCO COMPANY, Winston-Salem, N. C.Truck and Cars ForHireServiceable truck and cars for hireat reasonable rates. Taxicab serviceday and night.S. R. HUDNALL,Both Phones. At Ruggles Garage.Lost RewardOn Hallowe'en night someone tooka large porch chair from my residence. Would greatly appreciate itsreturn. Reward paid and no questions asked.WM. DALE,At Harris & Dale, Restaurant.(18-3t)Notice to StockholdersHolders of certificates of stock inBurley Tobacco Co. (1309 pool),will present them to the undersigned at the Bourbcm Bank, where a100 distribution awaits them.Checks can not be delivered without certificates.JNO. T. COLLINS.(21-2t)PUBLIC SALEOf-STOCK, CROP AND FARMINGIMPLEMENTSAlso Bank Stock and Other SharesThe undersigned,. as administrator of theestate o the late Robert Lyne, will sell atpublic auction, onTHURSDAYbeginning at 1 0:30 a. m. Sale will take placeat the home of Mr Hume Payne, on theTownscnd Valley pike. Said sale is to settlethe partnership business of Payne & LynePROPERTY TO BE DISPOSED OFIS AS FOLLOWS:1 0 head of mules;S head of horses;Good lot of cows;A lot of calves;A 2-year-old bull;16Sewes; 9 bucks;A nice lot of Iambs;50 head of hogs;Farm implements, all kinds;Corn in the shock.BANK STOCK, ETC.1 4 Shares First National Bank of Cynthiana, Ky.5 Shares Farmers and Traders Bank of Paris, Ky.60 Shares Henry Clay Fire Insurance Company.2 Shares Cynthiana Tobacco Warehouse Company.TERMS OF SALE Liberal and made known on day of sale.NW. W. MITCHELLOEO. D. SPEAKES, Aurtion.?.""8'"0' ' Rbert LyBe-S!I4mTUESDAY, NOVEMBER 25? 1919INFLUENZAstarts with a ColdKill the Cold. AtsnK2etake HILLSCASjGARAklQUININEwMthe firstL.n (1aVVIKKW l. III III I A.lOMflStandard cold remedy for 20 yearsm xaujci lorm saie, sure, noopiates orcaks up a cold in 24uuuia itm.vg gup in o aays."j k tans. i ncgenuine dox Has a Redtop with Mr. Hill'spicture.At All Drug StoreaInitiative is simply the application of one's knowledge and experience along- lines which don't antagonize..THE , B0TOB0H MEWS. PA1IH KEHTtTCgfA HAT THAT DIDN'T SMELL AFTER BEING BEAD FOR3 MONTHS."I swear it was dead at least 3months," said James Sykes, butcherWestfield, N. J. "We saw that ratevery day. Put a cake of RATSNAP behind a barrel. Monthslater my wife asked me about therat. Remembered' the barrel, looked behind it. There was the ratdead; not the slightest odor." Threesizes, 25c, 50c, $1.00. Sold andguaranteed by The Farmers SupplyCo., Paris, Ky.(adv-nov)2fMS BOY CONTRIBUTOR TOCOLLEGE JOURNAL.The first issue of the year of TheTransylvanian, montrly magazinepublished by the students of Transylvania College, is out and is beingdistributed. The-issue is No. 1, volume 29 and was gotten out underthe supervision of the followingstaff:Girdler Fitch? Lexington, editor-in-chief;Miss Lillian Bruner, Lexington, associate editor; Carl Fortune, Lexington, book reviwer, andA. W. Kelly, Georgetown, Ind., business manager.Contributors to the number are:G. Paul Smith,, Paris; Miss Elizabeth. Pinker ton, Versailles; BenHerr, Lexington; Carl -Hale Fortune, Lexington; Miss Alma C. Stegner, Ft. Thomas; Miss LouiseDwyer, Lexington; Miss LorettaMay, Lexington; Miss Anne M. Settlemayer, Lexington; Albert B.Chandler, Corydon, and Miss LillianC. Bruner, Lexington.oA GOOD COUGH MEDICINE FORCHILDREN.Mrs. J. W. Phillips, Redon, Ga.,phoned to J. M. Floyd, the merchantthere, for a bottle of Chamberlain's: cough Remedy and said she hadbought a bottle of it at his store rej cently And that it was doing herJ children so much good that shewanted to keep up the treatment.JYou will find nothing better forJ coughs and colds in children or foryourseir. it Keeps the cough loose,expectoration easy and soon freesthe system from the cold.oLots of powder mill employeswho wanted a chance to rise and igot it are now coming down.CINCINNATI PLANT VISITED BY$100,000 EIRE.The establishment of the E. A.Kinsey Company, dealers in manufacturers' railway and conductorsSUDnlies at 231-335 Wont T?nnrttistreet, in Cincinnati, was damagedby fire Friday to the estimated extent of $100,000.oAnd sometimes when opportunityknocks at a man's door while he isaway from, home his wife sends thecook to say she's not in.oi TPTCT jfl3E3fc svk$$!i sVk vLET "DANDERINE"-BEAUTIFY HAIRGirls ! Have a mass of long,thick, gleamy hair ,NEW TREATMENT THATKNOCKS RHEUMATISMSave Time and MooeijBy Using aHome TelephoneResidence rate ranging from 1.25 to3.00 per month . for Bourbon Countyservice.Place yoxr order now and avoid thefalLrtisri on installs.Paris Home Telephone TelegraphCompany(Incorp orated)J, J. vtjatcli, District Manasre w. H. Cannon, Local Manager.75c Box Free To Any SuffererUp in Syracuse, N. Y., a treatment for rheumatism has beenfound that hundreds of users say isa wonder, reporting cases that seemlittle short of miraculous. Just afew treatments even, in the veryworst cases seem to accomplishwonders even after other remedieshave failed entirely. It seems toneutralize the uric acid and limesalt deposits in the blood, drivingall the poisonous clogging wastefrom the system. Soreness, pain,stiffness, swelling just seem to meltaway and vanish.The treatment first introduced byMr. Delano is so good that its ownerwants everybody that suffering fromrheumatism or who has a friend soafflicted, to get a free 75c packagefrom him to prove just what it willdo in every case before a penny isspent. Mr. Delano says: "To provethat the Delano treatment will positively overcome rheumatism, nomatter how severe, stubborn or longstanding the case, and even after all'other treatments have failed, I will,if you have never previously usedthe treatment, send you a full size75c package free if you will justcut out this notice and send it withyour name and address with 10c tohelp pay postage and "distributionexpenses to me personally."F. H. Delano, 1389 Griffin SquareBuld., Syracuse, N. Y. I can sendonly one Free Package to an address. ' (25-3t)Let "Danderine" save your hairand double its beauty. You canhave lots of long, thick, strong,lustrous hair. Don't' let it staylifeless, thin, scraggy or fading.Bring back its color, vigor and vitality. Get a 35-cent bottle of delightful"Danderine" at any drug or toiletcounter to freshen your scalp;check dandruff and falling' -hair.Your hair needs this stimulatingtonic, then its' life, color, brightness and abundance will returnhurry!(adv)MR. P. LaDUKE, FARMER, SAYS,"YOU BET RATS CAN BITETHROUGH METAL."'"I had feed bins lined with zinclast year, rats got through prettysoon. Was out $18. A ?1 packageof RAT-SNAP killed so many ratsthat I've never been without itsince. Our Collie dog never touchedRAT-SNAP' You try it. Threesizes, 25c, 50c, $1.00. Sold andguaranteed by The Farmers' SupplyCo., Paris, Ky.C adv-nov)pA native of China has invented ashorthand system for his own language and has attained a 0peed of140 words a minute with It.v oA LADY IN CHICAGO TELEGRAPHS FOR RAT-SNAP.Read Mrs. Phillip wire: "Yo jail'sExterminator Co., Westfield, N. J.Rush $3 worth of RAT-SNAP."Later received following letter:"RAT-SNAP" arrived. It rid ourhouse of rats in no time. Just moved here from Pa., where I used RAT-SNAP with great results." Threesizes, 25c, 50c, $1.00. Sold andguaranteed by The Farmer's SupplyCo., Paris, Ky.(adv-nov)Wolf, Wile 8 Co!-. "!!:Fall and WinterSuitsCoatsDressesand'FursFor Ladies and Missesat Attractive Prices.i3PsNI1ssmWolf, Wile m Co.Lexington, Ky.gwromrroyOT w w m iaED W. BURKE, PresidentH. S. GAYW00D, Vice PresidentJNO. T.1C0LLINS, ManagerBOURBONTOBACCOWAREHOUSECOMPANYHaving Received Positive Assurance From the Heads of the Big CompaniesThat Their Buyers will be on Hand, Announce Their Opening Sale forWEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 3TOBACCO RECEIVED ANY TIME AFTER NOVEMBER 15COME TO THE OPENING AND SEEouRIMEWHOUSEConsider These Facts:1. The Paris market sold 12,000,000 pounds of tobacco the past season -forthe highest average obtained on any market in Kentucky.2. The Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Company sold in their two housesmore than 8,000,000 pounds of tobacco for the highest average on Paris market. 3. We now have three of the best and finest lighted houses in Kentucky.4. Our Auctioneer, Mr. Wikoff, will be back. He is in a class by himself,as those who have heard him know.5. We have the best starter in Kentucky.6. This Company has held down the fees on the Paris market for sevenyears and will hold them dowrr again this year in spite of the fact that we werestrongly urged to raise them. "7. This means a saving of 30 cents per hundred on $40 tobacco; a savingof 35 cents per hundred on $50 tobacco and 40 cents per hundred on $60 tobacco. Last season the lower fees saved the patrons of Paris market $36,000..8. We do not try to pinhook our customers, but do our best to give all thesame treatment and the best information at our command at all times. Last season we advised everybody to hold tobacco until January 1st. We now want toinform you that tobacco is very, very high in North Carolina, and judging ourmarket by that, as we have been able to do in the past, good bright tobacco willbe very high in Kentucky. The apparent large per cent, of low grade tobacco inthis crop has a tendency to make us apprehensive of lower prices for commontobacco, though we are glad to note a very considerable advance inJow gradesupon hogshead market in the past ten days.9. It will pay you to put your tobacco over the floor. The speculatorwho offers to buy expects to make money and is probably better posted thanyou.10. Take pains in stripping and sorting and let us sell your crop for theW V v wmnuouu. . jjA. B. HANCOCK.C. M. CLAY, JR.JAS. CALDWELL,A. L. STEPHENSON,DIRECTORS:,H. S. CAYWOOD,ECK SURKE,SAM CLAY,W. ML ROGERS,C. D.WILSON, -S.R. BURRIS,TOM BROCK,JNO. T. COLLINSi;Il!s;3!vf.-.Jj.insi-n.s1MiIA.U"ia$.-4-.M-3f-.-,J.-"s-.3r V-TA' ?Si . ' - .i EM . f -?-. t-' r; :C-5-'VjBSk,' -3&z ir .- '- '.--rvr?--AJAffifOTI--LJ4TUBBD AY, ' NCVJKMBHE 25, liltLost!A. tan Jaeger blanket from a"franklin car on Main street, Wednesday, Nov. 19. $10 reward and' jk) questions asked if returned tothis office. (25-lt)For SaleAn Oliver Typewriter in first-classcondition, nquire ofBOB ROSE,(lt-pd) Postoffice Building.cntcmT courtNo business of especial importance was transacted in the Court atits adjourned "Session Thursday, except to call the roll of attorneys fororders and. motions. The Court adjourned until Friday, when th sameorder prevailed. Another adjournment was taken until Monday.A number of cases of minor importance occupied the attention ofthe Court esterday. The Court adjourned until to-day, and the docketJis expected to be cleaned up verysoon.1 " ' -. ,t - J iff .'--,- -V- ' V "k " W - T -a.THE -BOuUOJI "SXWIf UffKfiiigl. x. . 3 ' . j. ... ,. ... , ,, .------- p - -:1 --" "TV" WeWant - Xmmmmammmmafm - :;rm . m 1 u b h . - a ha m in p h p -. 1 - -c -lAxxio. lnuri v niiiiii -. -r -.,-"V f W..wv-v 'VKEPOfJT OF THE CONDITION OFThe Farmers & Traders Bank4oing business at the town of Paris, County of Bourbon, State of Kentucky, at the close of business on 17th day of November, 1919.RESOURCES:loans and Discounts..- $381, 15S.lv)Overdrafts, secured and unsecured 7.S99.91Stocks, Bonds and other Securities .. ' 15,904.50Due from Banks v 31,!55?Cash-on'hand '. . AlChecks and other cash items " - l.-94.6fBanking House, Furniture and Fixtures.. 898.70Total.. ..VT,.'. . . ..?459,416.39LIABILITIES:Capital Stock paid in, in cash 4 60,000.00Surplus Fund ; : 14.500.00Undivided Profits, less, expenses and taxes paid 6,221.19deposit subject to check $318,441.45Time Deposits 27,203.43 315.644.88Due Banks and Trust Companies - 4,636.69"Reserve for Taxes 313.63Bills Payable ....". 28,000.00Total $459.-416.394B&BUCKNER.Miss Mary Buckner, aged seventy-two, . died at four o'clock yesterday afternoon, at the home of herniece, Mrs. Steele Marsh, nearParis, of a complication of diseases.Miss Buckner had made her homewith Mr. and Mrs. Marsh for severalyears.She is survived by her niece, Mrs.Steele Marsh, two" nephews, J. T.Willis, of Bourbon county, and J.M. Willis, of Woodford county, onesister, Mrs. Letitia Leach, of Montana, and one brother, Mr. T. M.Buckner, of Kansas.The funeral will be held at theresidence of Mr' and Mrs. Steele, at2:00 p. m. this afternoon, with services conducted by Rev. Arthur Fox,pastor of the Baptist church. Burial will follow in the Paris Cemetery.REID.all issuesWar StampsWill pay top market price.S. T. & E. W. RANDLE CO.Phone 1229X Fayette Bank Bldg.LEXINGTON, KY.(till-Janl)FOR SALEHeating and CookingStovesSTATE OF KENTUCKYCounty of Bourbon Set.We, Frank P. Kiser and W. W. Mitchell, President and Cashier ofIhe above named Bank, do sole'mnly swear that the above statement isjtrue to the best of our knowledge and belief.FRANK P. KISER, President..W. W. MITCHELL, Cashier.Subscribed and sworn to before me this 24th day of November,JL919. My Commission expires March 25, 13 2 3.JOHN W. YERKES, Notary Public.f Correct Attest:-" -1 - D. W. PEED,-.--- M. HUME PTYNE,J. D. McCLINTOCK,Directors.REPORT OF THE CONDITION OF THEBourbon-Agricultual Bank & Trust Co.Doing business at the town of Paris, county of Bourbon, State of Kentucky, at the close of business on 17th day of November, 1919.The funeral of Mrs. ParmeliaReid, a former resident of Paris andNorth Middletown, who died Fridayat the home of her niece, Mrs. Bessie Maxwell Anderson, in. Corbin,was held in this city Saturday afternoon. The body arrived here onthe 5:19 L. & N. train from Corbin,Saturday morning1, and was taken tothe home of Mr. and Mrs. SwineyRay, on Higgins avenue. Thefuneral was held there Saturday afternoon, with services conducted byRev. W. E. Ellis. The. burial followed in the Paris Cemetery.Mrs. Reid was a daughter of thelate Joshua Newhall, one of thepioneer citizens of Paris, and thewidow of Cant. Greenberry Keia, awell-known citizen of Bourboncounty. She was twice married, herfirst husband being James H. Long,father of J. Harry Long, for several years a Paris business man.She was a woman of lovely Christian character, cultured and refined,and a devoted member of the Christian church.Besides her niece, with whom shehad made her home for many years,she is survived by h.er brother, Jos.Newhall, who is employed in the L.& N. machine shops, in Paris, andtwo nephews, Wm. Mayfield, ofDayton, Ohio, and Clarence Maxwell, of Wilmore, Jessamine county.oTHE BEST INSURANCE.Insure your tobacco in thebarn against Fire and .Windstorm withYERKES & PEED,Farmers & Traders Bank.(augl5-tf)Used, but in good condition,.At AboutHalf PriceiMlCOS! $ MO MODEPHONOGRAPHThe Busy Bee CashStore.(24-4t)RESOURCESLoans and Discounts .1 1,073,223.25Overdrafts,"secured and unsecured 1 .? T ij; x33,361.77Stocks, Bonds and other Securities -, 13,104.12Due from Banks 130,720.31Cash on hand 17,898.59Checks and other cash items z. 1,012.30Banking House, Furniture and Fixtures 15,500.00Total 1,284,820.84LIABILITIESCapital Stock paid in, in cashJ $200,000.00Surplus Fund 125,000.00"Undivided Profits, less expenses and taxes paid 35,865.16Deposits subject to check $731,320.89Demand Certificates of Deposit 4,928.00Time Deposits 174,221.80Certified Checks 200.00Cashier's checks outstanding 00 910,670.69Due'Banks and Trust Companies 1 10,137.70Reserve for taxes 3,147.29Totalrx-- -. 1,284,820.84- MATRIMONIAL.4A marriage license was issuedfrom the -office of County ClerkPearce Paton, to Andrew H..Haddix, eighteen, and Miss MollieGeorgia. Wright, seventeen, both ofBourbon county.BUTLER HARD.MANMrs. Lula Kimball Butler, otParis, and Mr. Richard Scobee Hardman, of Austerlitz, secured marriagelicense in Winchester, Saturday,and came to Paris, where they weremarried at the residence of Mrs. R.M. Harris, by Rev. C. W. Grear, pastor of the Paris Methodist church.They will reside at Austerlitz, wherethe groom is engaged in the merchandise business with his father.State of KentuckyCounty of Bourbon- Set."We, John T. Collins and Buckner Woodford President and Cashier of theabove named bank, do solemnly swear that the above statement is true tothe best of our knowledge and belief.JNO. T. COLLINS, President,BUCKNER WOODFORD, Cashier.Subscribed and sworn to before methis 21st day of November, JL919. MyCommission Expires January 25, 1920.- " - - THOS. W. ALLEN, Notary Public.REPORT OF THE CONDITION OF THEPeople's Deposit Bank & Trust CdcDoing business at the town of Paris, County of Bourbon, State of Kentucky," the close of business, on 17th day of November, 1919.MITCHELL ALVEY.The marriage of John RobertMitchell, son of Mr. and Mrs. HarryMitchell, of Paris, to Miss OmaBlanford Alvey, niece of EdwardAlvey, the well-known Louisvilleturfman, will take place in Louisville to-morrow, November 26. Theprospective groom has been connected with the roadmaster's office ofthe Louisville & Nashville railroadin Paris, for several years. Theywill be "At Home" to their friends,in Paris, after December 1.oCUT FLOWERSRESOURCESLoans and Discounts 1 $1,227,730?78Overdrafts, secured and unsecured 27,567.68stocks, .Bonds ana ocner. securitiesDue from Banks.Cash on. hand" Checks and other cash items "Banking House, Furniture and FixturesOther -Assets not included under any of above heads16,099.8663,684.649,126.0815,163.9012,001.00360.00Total $1,371,733.94LIABILITIESCapital Stock paid in, in cash $150,000.00"Surplus Fund 100,000.00Undivided Profits, less expenses and taxes paid 13,852.55Deposits subject to check $741,969.63Certificates of Deposit 25,711.37Time Deposits 204,964.10 ,Caskier's checks outstanding 6,597.71 -979,242.81Do Banks and Trust Companies 1,922.58erve-fo rtaxes T 1,716.00Bill 'Payable 125,000.00Total $1,371,733.94State of Kentucky,'County of Bourbon Set.We, S. E. Bedford and C. K. Thomas President and Cashier of the abovejtaaiad Bank, do solemnly swear that the above statement is true to the"best of our knowledge and belief.' S. E. BEDFORD, .President,C. K. THOMAS, Cashier.Sbcribed and.sworn to before me this 21st day of November 1919. MyuwMMton expires January zv, xvzv.Cut flowers and designs for all occasions provided on short notice.(21-2t) JO. VARDEN.: oATTENTION, UNIFORM RAN.Regular meeting of A. J. LovelyCo., No. 34, Uniform Rank, Knightsof Pythias, at their Castle Hall, Wilson building, Third and Mainstreets, Wednesday night, Nov. 26,at 7:30 o'clock. Full uniform requested. Business of importance.W. W. DUDLEY, Capt.For SaleDavenette, chair and rocker, upholstered in mule skin. Librarytable to match, fumed oak, Williamand Mary style. New. Above maybe seen at 808 Main street,(tf) . MRS. T. HOUGH.NELLIE-FARRELL, Notary. Public. (25-2t)Farm For RentI will rent at public auction infront of the court house door inParis, Ky., on Monday, CountyCourt Day, December 1, at 1:30o'clock p. m., my farm of 300 acreson the Russell Cave pike in Fayettecounty. Thirty acres for corn, 18acres for tobacco and 250 acres ofextra good meadow for grazing or tocut. Farm is well wateied. At thosame time and place I will sellabout 30 barrels of picked yellowcorn and some fodder.Mr. Howard, on the farm, .willshow the place to prospective renters.Dl S.. HENRY.A SpecialPurchase-OF-Men's SuitsandOvercoatsEnables us to offer the season's latest styles in extragood values$25, $27.50, $30Worth much more. Seethem while our stock iscomplete."-IHlAll- -SHTHAN TMf OMNNJUIT vSiaitmmmI vPMuLettVmmi III lrT f L-liru3"l ,.-- 'ffirooks & Snapp Drug Co,IWWWWMVV1jgas33i.sAaJ'...iUiiJimTwinMen'sBros.StoreL. WOLLSTEIN, Proprietor619 Main StreetDon't Worry About theLaundryLet Us Demonstrate theEden ElectricWashing MachineIn Your Own HomeT. W. SPICER314 Main St. Paris, KentuckyEast Tennessee Phone 103; Home Phone 101rnEnnQUHnnnEHHinirrjHHUIHHiSlag-SfigiSafIHtSI3Clothes ForA B. Kirscbbaum CompMjThanksgimg!You'll be Thankful to usfor supplying such clothes they'll bethe cause of thanksgiving to you for along time. You'll want to feel you're amongthe well-dressed men this Thanksgiving.You'll have that feeling if you'll come in andlet us dress you up.Our styles for young men "hit themark" as they appeal to those who want tobe well dressed.Waist seams in single and doublebreasted coats, some with belts around, areshown for yonng men, while more conservative styles are shown for older men.You not only get the livest styles to behad at this store, but you save at the sametime. Value first here.Suits and Overcoats1500t-TO$65.00Our stock of Furnishings is . complete. Hats, Caps, Shirts, fe Neckwear,Hosiery and Underwear are shown inabundance. In fact, we have everythingfor men, young men and boys.Do Your Christmas Shopping EarlyR. P. WALSHOne-Price Store Paris, Ky.7th and Mainv"i-if'?r-'Z?-"-:;--'y-'i&&-ji, mTISX.-:-cI.W-'"cZjtf.&K"--'1 & t, ,--.'SirZ'-FJf Ji. J- V ' ,-'"-t.vvX: .,i. . w -r "J 3.71 - -.. - i T?ai-; ''-? --ff?:r&i J!&2ir 3fcr??F--"-)&JwV--. t5-rvr-!-"- 'V-r -'a J" 1 TrT.' J!:-vvZ-.-StTUESDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 11Svr--'i JEJ' i4-S --Athe; bojjmoh jrawi;r l -t- V: -' Vr ,- . slS. , "j'l t A. xc?'-j - - . - cafe'lFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSETURKEYS! TURKEYS!We are through receiving turkeys for the Thanksgiving market, but our pens will be openedagain on December 1st to receive turkeys for the Christmasmarket, at which time we willcay highest market price.F CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.o-tf). oCUT FLOWERS.cm flowers and designs for all occasion provided on short notice.(21-2t)' JO. VARDEN.. oOFFICES AND YABJJS CLOSEDTHANKSGIVING.Oui office and yards will be closedall day on Thanksgiving Day,ILuitday, November 27th.BOURBON LUMBER CO.MANSFIELD & JEFFERSON LUMBER CO.,(It)BOY BEEAKS AEMWhile cranking an automobileFriday, Robert Hall, son of Mrs.Bruce Collins Hall, of Paris, formerly a carrier of THE NEWS, hadhis right arm broken when thecrank slipped. The injured memberwas set, and young Hall made ascomfortable as possible under thecircumstances.oA SWELL THANKSGIVING DINNER. Have your seat reserved forThanksgiving dinner at Stout's Cafeif you want to be assured of a goodhome-cooked Dinner. Turkey, oysters, vegetables, salad, dessert, alleide dishes to make up a swell dinney. Hours, 11:30 to 2. 75 ceutsper plate. (It)oFOWLS. POR THANKSGIVING DINNERS-ORDER.TO-DAY IF YOTJWANT ANY.If you want turkeys, chickens,ducks, or any kind of fowls forThanksgiving dinner, place your order with us early and be sure ofgetting what you want.C. P. COOK & CO.SHALL WE HAVE "ROBIN HOOD"HERE?Boosters for big musical entertainment events here at las thavean opportunity to stand up and becounted.The- Phoenix Amusement Com- pany has secured an option on theRalph Dunbar production of DeKoven's master comic op3ra ".RobinHood," and if enough ticket subscriptions are assured 1he famousopera will be given here.Subscribers will be given firstchoice of seats if it comes. Thelist will be started at once andthose interested should call on orphone the manager, without delay.oCUT FLOWERSCut flowers and designs for all occasions provided on short notice.(21-2t) JO. VARDEN.oTHANKSGIVING DINNER, TURKEY, OYSTERS AND ALLTHE TRIMMINGS.Engage a seat or table at the Y.M. C. A. Cafe for Thanksgivingdinner. A home-cooked turkey dinner will be served from 12:30 to1:30 at $1.00 per plate. A delightful menu has been arranged for thisspecial meal.MRS. MARY McSHANE,(It) Y. M. C. A. CAFE.oTHE BOURBON NEWS FOR ACHRISTMAS PRESENTYour mother, brother or sister,who is away from home would enjoy getting THE BOURBON NEWSduring the next year. Why notmake them a Christmas gift of a' j ear's subscription. It's better thana letter from home. (tf)IN NEW POSITION.Fmnell Estes, of Paris, who hasVeen in the Government employ inone of the departments at Washington, for three years past, has resigned his position, and accepted amore lucrative one with the National Coal Association, a privateconcern having its headquarters in"Washington. Mr. Estes writes Parisfriends that he is now in his newposition.Mr. Estes is a graduate of theParis High School. He was in theemploy of the Power Grocery Company, in Paris, for two years asstenographer before accepting tneGovernment position.EASTERN HORESMEN VISITBOURBON STOCK FARM.A party of Eastern turfmen, composed of J. E. Weidner, Geo. Weidner, Jack Joyner and HowardLewis, all of New York, who arevisiting Lexington, and making atour of inspection to the stock farmsof Central Kentucky, visited theClaiborne Stock Farm of A. B. Hancock, near this city Friday afternoon, returning to Lexington latein the afternoon.J. E. Weidner has the fine stallion, Mont D'Or, and a number of.fine mares, at the Kemps tead Farmof Harry Morrisey, near Lexington.All the members of the party areprominent in turf circles of theEast.SOCIAL Aim PERSONAL.umiings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.mT? J Walsn is visitingMrs. J. H. Sterns, in Chicago.-Miss Emma Lou Scott is a guestville and relatives in koute"Miss Janie Marsh, of Paris isa guest of Mr. and Mrs. HershelHumble, in Somerset.Miss Katherine Marsh spentthe week-end in Versailles, as aguest of Mrs. Richard Truly.Mrs. A. B. Hancock left Saturday to join Mr. Hancock, who is inNew York City on a business mission. Mrs. Hugh I. Brent and littleson, Hugh Brent, Jr., are visitingMrs. Mary Brent Chambers, in Louisville. Mr. and Mrs. Sidney Ardery,Jr., have as guest at their home onHouston avenue, Mr. Arthur Ginn,of Ashland.Mrs. J. Preston Brown has returned to her home in Versailles after a visit to Mr. and Mrs. DuncanBell, on High street.J. B. Crandall, of Cleveland,Ohio, a former resident of Paris, isa guest of Mr. and Mrs. A. B.Lovell, on Eighth street.Miss Rebecca Williams, of SanAntonio, Texas, is a guest of MissesLouise and Catherine Kenney, attheir home on High street.Mr. and Mrs. Roy Carrick havereturned to their home in Hamilton,Ohio, after a visit to Mr. and Mrs.Redmon Talbott, near this city.Mrs. Anna McDougal and MissMary Vance have returned to theirhomes in Lexington after a visit toMr. and Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft.The Pastor's Aid Society of thePresbyterian church will hold anall-day meeting to-morrow (Tuesday.) A full attendance x is requested. Mr. and Mrs. Milton C. Browning, of Paris, were week-end guestsof Mrs. Browning's brother, Dr.Louis Frank, and Mrs. Frank, inLouisville.Miss Lela Scoggan has returnedto her home in Louisville, after avisit to her uncle and aunt, Squireand Mrs. John J. Redmon, nearNorth Middletown.Mr. and Mrs. TTrank Farmerhave gone to Rochester, Minn.,where Mrs. Farmer will undergo another operation for ear trouble atMayo Bros.' Hospital.Miss Carolyn Roseberry, ofParis, will be a guest of Miss Annie Russell Griffy, for the Thanksgiving german to be given in Versailles, Thursday night.Frank P. Walker, formerly ofParis, is now connected with theLexington Roller Mills as bookkeeper. Mr. Walker, with his family, has moved to a cottage on Jackson avenue, in Lexington.Mr. and Mrs. L. A. Soper willreturn this week from Artesia, Miss.,where they have been forseveral weeks looking after businessinterests. Mr. Soper will be connected with the Bourbon TobaccoWarehouse Company in a clericalcapacity for the winter sales.Prof, and Mrs. Lee Kirkpatrickand Rev. and -Mrs. W. E. Ellis, ofParis, will be among the patronsand patronesses at the production ofthe playlet, "Fanny and The Servant Pioblem," to be given at theLexington Opera House to-night bythe Stagecrafters of TransylvaniaCollege.Rev. Arthur Fox, of Hope, Arkansas, new pastor of the ParisBaptist church, and Mrs. Fox, willbe located at the Windsor Hotel until the parsonage on Sixth street,now undergoing repairs, can becompleted.J. R. Tucker, R. L. Logsden,Thos. W. Spicer and Dr. J. S. Wallingford represented the Paris Baptist church at the meeting of theElkhorn Baptist Association, held inLexington, Friday. The meetingwas a luncheon-conference for thepurpose of assisting in promotingthe $75,000,000 Baptist drive.Miss Fannie Heller, of Paris,has been selected as one of the Aveyoung women who will go to DesMoines, Iowa, in December, as representatives from the University ofKentucky to attend the NationalStudent Conference. The otherswill be Miss Adele Slade, of Ludlow,Miss Margaret Woll, of Hawesville,and Miss Lillian Cromwell, of Cynthiana. The Pan-Hellenic dance andbanquet"" given by the somen's fraternities of the University of Kentucky at the Phoenix Hotel, m Lexington, Friday evening, was one ofthe most elaborate and beautifulstudent social affairs of the season, and was attended by about twohundred active Chapter members.Each of the five fraternities warepresented, several from Paris attending. .. wvnio no minortant socialfunctions aie scheduled locally forThanksgiving, there will be manyhome-coming uinings and homegatherings, and the festive day willbe appropriately observed. Manywill motor to Lexington or Georgetown to witness the football games.Thanksgiving dances in several surtounding towns will be attended bysociety people of Paris and thecounty.Dr. Martha Petree was hostessFriday afternoon at the opening ofhP.r new sanatorium on Vine street.She was assisted in leceiving theguests by five professional trienas,Dr. Virginia Amos, of Georgetown,Dr. Adaline Bell, of Cynthiana, Dr.Josephine Hoggins, of Frankfort,Dr. Minnie-Foulk, of Frankfort, andDr. Evelyn Bush, of Lexington.Misses Margaret Petree and JudithLloyd served frappe. Lunch wasserved in the dining room under thesupervision of Mrs. Edith Daniels,Mrs Hiram Roseberry, Mrs. OscarT. Hinton, Mrs. James W. Thompson, Mrs. White Varden ana MissesKate Alexander and Elizabeth Em-bry. In the evening ur. jreiree entertained at dinner in compliment toher professional friends, with thephysicians and dentists of Paris asespecially i&yited quests. - . XMiss Rosina Elder returnedSaturday from an extended visit torelatives in. St. Petersburg, Florida.Harry Jones returned yesterday from Hot Springs, Ark., wherelie has been taking treatment forlheumatism.Lieut. Price; of Lexington,spent the week-end with his sister,Mrs. Thomas Berkley, at her homein this city.Mr. and Mrs. Luther Hall andchildren, of Cedar Rapids, Iowa, arevisiting relatives and friends inParis and the county.Charlton Alexander returnedyesterday from a-five-weeks' slay inMichigan, -where he went for thebenefit of his health. Mr. Alexander was greatly improved in healthby his sojourn in the North.Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft and Mrs.Louis Rogers, of Paris, attendedthe Board meeting of the State WarMothers, held in Lexington, Friday.Mrs. Hutchcraft, the first StateWar Mother, is chairman of thecommittee for preparing the yearbook, which will be of great interest and importance to all the people. There was a large attendancefrom all the Central Kentuckycounties.The dance given by the students of the Paris High School atthe P. H. S. gymnasium Fridaynight was one of the most enjoyablesocial affairs of the season, and waswell attended. Music for the dancers was furnished by Bishop's Saxophone Trio. Refreshments wereserved during the intermission.The finances of the Seniors were increased by a neat sum, which willbe devoted to the benefit of the P.H. S. library fund.THE MEANS-ANDERSON CO., ATPARIS HIGH SCHOOLThe Means-Anderson Company,which will appear at the HighSchool Auditorium, Wednesday, November 26, 7:30 p. m, bids fait tobe most enjoyable and a lively andvaried program of high characterwill be rendered.The company is composed of threesplendid American girls, MissMeans, impersonator. Miss Anderson, violinist, and Miss Sellers, pianist. Do not misb this lare treat. Remember the date, Wednesday, November 26, at 7:30 p. in.Tickets now on sale at the Y. M.C. A., and at the school buildingWednesday night.COUNTRY PRODUCE WANTEDHIGHEST CASH OR TRADEPRICE.Bring us your butter and eggs andall other country produce. We payhighest cash or trade price.Potatoes sold at 70 cents perpeck this week -as a special.MRS. ELLIS' CASH GROCERY,(25-2t) Opp. Court House.oNEW AUTO OWNERS.McDonald & Gibson, local agentsfor the Studebaker automobile, delivered Friday to Virgil Gaitskill,of near Stony Point, a 1920 modelfive-passenger touring car lecentlysold by them. The Goodwin-FieldMotor Company, of Lexington, reports the sale of a Dodge touringcar to the Bourbon Garage & Supply Company, of Paris.The Phoenix Garage, of Lexington, leports the sale of a two-tonWhite Motor truck to Charles S.Brent & Bro., of Paris, for immedidate delivery.oOIL TEST ABANDONED.Tlie Greater Kentucky Oil Co., ofParis, drilling in on the Steenbergen lease, in Allen county, lastweek, drilled into salt water andabandoned the test.Attention !If you are contemplating buyingPiano or Player Piano and wish tosave from $100 to $150 on investment give me a call; also make aspecialty of tuning and adjusting.J. H. TEMPLEMAN PIANO CO.John B. Geis, Rep.819 Main Street.Cumberland Phone 578.(25-2t)BEAUTIFUL DINNER SETSSpecially Priced.Thanksgiving specials in finedmnerware that mean not onlysplendid 'savings, but a timely opportunity to make these savings; winalso make splendid Christmas presents; several patterns to choosefrom, worth $12.50, at $9.98.Tea Kettles, 2.98 value, of heavy14-oz. copper, nickel plated, specialat $2.39.Aluminum Convex Kettle, $2.50size, 6-qt., pure polished aluminum,'complete with cover, special $1.-987Food Choppers, good value at$2.25 special at $1.87.Large size Framed Mirrors, $1.59.We have on hand right now whatis undoubtedly the largest stock ofToys, Dolls, etc., we have ever hadbefore at thistime of the year.Come and see for yourself. Over10,000 items to select from, and youmay count on the prices we name asbeing the lowest, at which standardmerchandise can be obtained anywhere, guaranteed even in thissteadily rising market.THE FAIRTHE FAIRWonderfulSample Coats and SuitsBy taking quick advantage of an unusual buying opportunity we have been able to secure a wonderful collectionof Sample Coats and Suits, which we are offering to ourpatrons at the closest possible prices. We invite yourinspection, feeling sure you will be delighted with thesemodels.Elegant materials made up in the latest fashions somefur trimmed, others plain tailored all beautifully linedSilvertone, Peach Bloom, Velour, Tinseltone, Cameleon.. : - ' $50 to $200National Blouse WeekNovember 10-15Whatever you may choose from this complete and lovelycollection of blouses you may feel assured it is quite correctin style and color.' The Blouse and Overblouse are equally favored and youwill find charming models in Georgette, Silk and Crepe deChine; high or round necks.See Our Windows -,HARRY SIMON224 W. Main St.Lexington, Ky.ji'3S-THE I.EITHERPHONE 36' Motor Hearsehx up your nome 0?S?lWuWjuWy before ou Plil r"owe nQ park'. We We ceMji m$ - -beouiu FURNITURE. j$"S08 S?AMrs. Honaelover!Whether you are going to give a party or notfix .up your home for your family and friends.New things are a delight to every woman,particularly new rugs and furniture. This is notsurprising because a woman lives in her home, andwants to be PROUD of it.Fit out your home with our high quality style. new furniture and rugs. They last a long time.Our PRICES are always LOW for the HIGH'QUALITY Resell. " ,T. HINTON CO.PARIS, KENTUCK ' SIXTH AND MAINMotor Invalid Coach UndertakingSaleMain StreetParis, Ky.v-k-e,$"" "& "h' - iJ'- ST1d" - F Ts & i" ir &i' 1; -Ir i-i -!-: -1.--"$V,,"t "pHi7rffAn?jiit ,rr" -Vt? - y "& '-T3SV,-v - : i-o-. ".-vvss As?5k-$"'-s- JSc o -1-Si r-vrS-,t --V"TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 25, IflfTHK B0U1B0H HEWS. PAHS, lOMTPCgTx 'Look Out forINFLUENZAIf Your Health IsFallingHiw sturdy, how rotjust, howstrong you are when youtake PepsinolTHROUGHOUT thenation physicians aresounding the warningof a second epidemic of Influenza. Everywhere theyare advising people to guardtheir health to build uptheir strength.Pepsinol will build up yourstrength. It will guard yourhealth. This wonderful Restorative, Re-creative andRenewing Tonic is what youneed to purify your blood, totone up your stomach, torest and refresh your nerves.If your health is failing,Pepsinol will make youstrong. It builds up tissuesto resist Influenza.The pure ingredients of Pepsinol, in strict accordancewith the standards of the U.S. Pharmacopoeia, act quickly to relieve you when yousuffer from weariness, insomnia, depression, stomachtrouble and muscular andnervous weakness. Howstrong and sturdy you feelwhen you take Pepsinol 1How grateful you feel whenit restores your strength, renews your vitality and givesyou a hearty appetite.Don't neglect your healthnow, of all times. The second Influenza epidemic mayte worse than the first. Thedread scourge may be aboutjrou even now. Protect yournealth. J3uild up yourstrength.Get Pepsinol from:PEOPLES PHARMACYMain St., Paris, Ky.COLLIER FAMILY TRAPPED INBUEIOTG HOME.Kennis Collier, wife and fourchildren, were entrapped in their"burning home, at Pikeville, recently. Three children were burned todeath, Mrs. Collier was probably fatally burned and Collier is in a serious condition.LADIES'Suits, CoatsOne Solid WeekBargainsin All DepartmentsST.TWIN BROS.Department Store7th and Main Paris, KyTAXI-CABSERVICEAUTO LIVERY CO.E, McCracken, Prop.4ledmon Motor Car CompanyNight Call 760MARGOLEN SSpecial To-day10-pound bucketLard$3.00yBaltimore OystersMflRGOLEN'SsASSISTANT L&BOR fNSPECTOKWANTS TO RETAIN JOBAlthough a member of a prominent Democratic family and holdingoffice by appointment of a Democratunder the,. Stanley-Black administration, Miss Mynne B. Wagers, ofLexington, State Labor Inspector,will seek to retain her position under the incoming Republican administration on the ground of efficiency and merit.Miss Wagers was appointed to herpresent position by her brother-in-law,Matt S. Cohen, State Commissioner of Agriculture, who has supervision of the labor bureau,shortly after he was inducted intooffice in January, 1916, and according to her friends has made a splendid record for efficiency, being particularly vigilant in her efforts tosee that the child "labor law was enforced. She is said to have strongindorsement from both Republicansand Democrats, and stated, whenasked in regard to the matter, that,with these indorsements, and theconsciousness that she has faithfully and efficiently performed herduty as a public official, she wouldseek reappointment from the newCommissioner of Agriculture, W. C.Hanna, of Shelby county, when thelatter assumes the duties of hisoffice in January.She is so far the first Democraticofficial under the old regime whohas indicated an intention to seekreappointment under the incomingRepublican administration.oHELP THE KIDNEYSParis Readers Are Learning TheWay.It's the little kidney illThe lame, weak or aching backThe unnoticed urinary disordersthat may lead to dropsy andBright's disease.When the kidneys are weak, helpthem with Doan's Kidney Pills, aremedy especially for weak kidneys.Doan's have been used in kidneytroubles for 50 years.Endorsed by 50,000 people endorsed at home.Proof in a Paris citizen's statement. Mrs. Chas. McCord, S. Pleasantstreet, says: "I have used Doan'sKidney Pills at different times, getting them from Oberdorfer's DrugStore, and I have found them asplendid medicine. Whenever mykidneys have acted irrgeularly or myback has been weak and lame, Ihave found a box or so of Doan'sKidney Pills sufficient to cure me ofthe attack."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. McCord had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)m oHas it ever occurred to you whata large percentage of business mistakes are caused by allowing rumors to influence action.?There is more Catarrh in this section of the country than all otherdiseases put together, and for yearsit was supposed to tie incurable.Catarrh is a local disease, greatlyinfluenced by constitutional treatment. Hall's Catarrh Medicine,manufactured by F. J. Cheney &Co., Toledo, Ohio, is a constitutionalremedy, is taken internally and actsthrough the blood on the mucoussurfaces of the system. One Hundred Dollars reward is offered forany case that Hall's Catarrh Medicine fails to cure. Send for circulars and testimonials.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by Druggists, 75c.Hall Family Pills for constipation.(adv-nov)icoI Southern Optical Co.Incorporated:IftManufacturers of Perfect-FittingSPECTACLES ANDEYE GLASSESj Kryptoks Artificial EyesImissible Bifocal Lens4th & Chestnut Sts.,LOUISVILLE, KY.OPENING. NOTICEAm now open and ready "forbusiness. Better prepared andequipped than!ever before to giveyou strictly nrst-class service.We do all kinds of optical repairing. Can duplicate any lens,no matter where or by whomfitted. Our services are thebest, prices moderate and location convenient. Won't yougive us a call?vuDR. WM. R. FRANKLINVarderi's Drue Stort. .GETTIKG BEADY EOE MORROW'S' INAUGURATION,Although the inauguration of Governor-electEdwin P. Morrow andLieuteant Governor-elect ThrustonBallard will be strictly a Republicanaffair, Democrats have not -been excluded by any means.The Republicans have invitedMayor W. S. Roccon, Chief of PoliceMangan, General W. P. D. Haly,Scott Thompson, President of theChamber of Commerce; J. SweigartTaylor, John Noel, President of theFarmers' Deposit Bank; CircuitJudge Robert L. Stout and Major C.W. Longmire, all Democrats, to acsist in the arrangements for the inauguration5. tOn account of the destruction ofthe largest hotel in Frankfort byAre two years ago it is feared thatthe impression might prevail thatFrankfort cannot accommodatethe large inauguration day crowd.If such an impression does prevailit must be corrected, as those incharge of the affair say, for there areample accommodations in the hotelsand private homes that will bethrown open to accommodate evenmuch larger inauguration daycrowds than visited in the past.The Republicans expect the crowdthis year to establish a new recordin point of attendance.is espegSllT "EFFICIENT THISWAY. HE IButts Lauds Trutona As Combatantof Tired, Draggy, RundownFeelingLOUISVILLE, KY., Nov. -24."Trutona has put my stomach inshape to digest the food I eat and Ithink it is truly a wonderful medicine the kind a man needs whenhe has that common, tired, draggy,run-down feeling," C. A. Butts, 1423East Washington '"street, Louisville,said recently."My , system generally was in arun-down condition," he continued."For the Dast 35 years I haveworked in the foundry of theAmerican Elevator and MachineCo., and I'd get so hot at my workthat my system just naturally became run down."Realizing that I needed a goodtonic that would build me upagain and give me strength, I began using Trutona. I'm able to eatanythin I want since taking Trutona, and I really enjoy the food,whereas before, I didn't enjoy anyof my meals and consequently didn'tget much good out of them. Mybowels are acting regularly now,too. I can recommend Trutona morehighly than any other medicine I'veever taken, and I'm glad to do so."Thousands of weakened and rundown men and women have foundunhoped for relief through Trutona.Going straight to the seat of thetiouble, N Trutona quickly rebuilds woin-out tissues, creates anormal action of the stomach, liverand bowels and gives to the patientthe long-sought-for strength of daysgone by. As a body invigorant andsystem purifier Trutona is peerless.Trutona, the perfect tonic, is nowbeing intioduced and explained inParis at the Drug Store of G. S. 'Varden & Son.(adv)U. S. HAS MORE THAN YEAR'SWOOL SUPPLY.Wool stocks sufficient to supplythe United States for more than ayear at the present rate of consumtion were on hand at the close of thequarter ending September 30, saidannouncement by the Depaitment ofAgriculture. Total stocks aggregated 729,373,000 pounds, more than50 per cent, than was on hand thesame date last year.or".... .....n.4I OUT 0' ORDERf?f?t!iitTi..J. STOMACHSIndigestion, Acidity, Sournessand Gases ended with"Pape's Diapepsin"..... .....!. . .-...The moment you eat a tablet ortwo of Pape's Diapepsin all thelumps of indigestion pain, the sourness, heartburn and belching ofgases, due to acidity, vanish trulywonderful!Millions of people know that it isneedless to be bothered wTith indigestion, dyspepsia or a disorderedstomach. A few tablets of Pape'sDiapepsin neutralize acidity andgive relief at once no waitine:!Buy a box of Pape's Diapepsinnow! Don't stay dyspeptic! Try toregulate your stomach so you caneat favorite foods without causingdistress. The cost is so little.' Thebenefits so great.(adv)Friendship Shows WortfcI often find myself going back rofunvms suyiug uuuut xne miration inf n mnn'e -frfonrlclifrt halnn ..the best measures of his worth. AnneThackeray Ritchie.Personallv we wouldn't obier.t tnthe sugar shortage if we felt like itwas making us save money or lose IComes KSS. yV47Mut IaH h AMOjDOuQiJU1-.BmmLiv. 7j j f lHBflvHBL am '"EVflBHHHBHHBflBHHHHHHIBAWrcrn -Z VW1 V .- bbb BMBBtBtBtBtMis- WC- - i C-S3V Ta. " jBbbbbbbbbbbbbbPM b1 MFVyrLICENSES ISSUE INDICATE EEC-ORD HUNTING SEASON.Indications are that more hunter's licenses will be sold in Kentucky this year -than during anyprevious year. J. Quincy "Ward, executive agent of the Fish and GameCommission, sends out annually tothe County Clerics 50,000 licenseblanks. As a rule abuot 30,000licenses aie sold annually. Thisyear the number sold will go overthe 50,000 mark as ten countieshave requested additional blanks.i PET CORNSiiFew Drops of "Freezone," Then Lift jCorn Right Offt-llit. - -tm-tt .A tiny bottle of "Freezone" costsso little at any drug store; apply afew drops upon any corn or callus.Instantly it stops hurting, thenshortly you lift that bothersomecorn or callus right off with yourfingers. Truly! No humbugadv)Every man believes he is entitledto a lot of credit, and according tothe books they have gottenthan they deserve.moreTrees! Trees!PLAINT NOWFruit and Shade TreesBlooming ShrubsGrape VinesEvergreensPerennialsRhubarbHedgeEtc.Free Illustrated Catlog.No Agents.4H. F. Hillenmeyer &SonsLexington. Ky.(till-decl)!. UfulTC f. P(lJUWI TinHC (fc UUiLOUISVILLE, KY.Literal assortmentand full value psislItFURSI viHMs an!ArSS89SSBCBrHyjFfBtCLryKm.if 4bvZ7j3rhEjT jKa.ammLJKS-mmrDainty little garments that soil quicklymust be kept sweet and fresh and clean. Theymust be cleansed thoroughly tQ safeguard thehealth of that precious little body.Wash baby 's clothes with Grandma's Powdered Soap. Just a tablespoonful to a pail ofwater and presto the water bubbles withmillions of glorious cleansing suds.Takes the place of both washing powderand bar soap. Goes farther. Cheaper to use.Baby's clothes last longer, look better and arereally clean when washed with Grandma'sPowdered Soap.Order a package ofGrandma's PowderedSoap to-day.rand masPowdered SOAPTnjThis Powdered SoapTodaij"Youx GrocerHas litThe Globe. Soap Company. Cincinnati.1920Now in stock andready, to demonstrate. New shipment just arrived.Better get yoursquick.Lot of first-classsecond hand carsfor sale at bargainsif moved at once.We need room fornew cars.N."??.Make Date forDemonstrationC. S. BALL GARAGECor. Fourth and Pleasant St:.Powdered SoapfoLMByrs Clothes?end MM9fodetss-i4Sanitary Meat Marketflesh. . , i (noy4-13w)V: .'Vr g-.":. ;r4aai' !f- t ti'-a, 'M39.1TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1911MI.; t"MM"fMJBSggBIBHggBfB BOUIBOH HEWS. PABJJ, mi'llCM-New,r, Sil,'VjSKjjjHHttil 1 1M i "i?Motor.:.-vi"AH-d:2v'vy 3; J7-c 5r-.';w-"'4'-..r"5-;fK -The Greatest ImprovementM Riding Comfort Since The Introductionof Pneumatic TiresHERE I a brand ncv type ofcar. It solves the problemwhich has baffled automotive engineer how to combine ridingcomfort with light weight andeconomy.Our new Three-Point CantileverSprings make this possible!These are the jirst springs . oftheir kind and they are made of,ckrome vanadium steeL They areexclusive with Overland.Because of these springs, Overland 4 combines the riding qualities of large heavy, expensive, longwheelbase cars, together with theadvantages and economy of smalllight cars.iWith 100-inch wheelbase, Overland 4 has the luxurious riding easeof 130-inch Springbaae. jThe exclusive, Three-Point Cantilever Springs cushion the car sothat it rides well on all roads: theyreduce choppy rebounds and sideswaying, protect the car from roadshocks and prolong its life, minimize twisting or racking of frameand body, enable the car to holdrthe road better.The car and passengers ridesmoothly as though floating, freefrom road shocks that the springsward off.But this new riding comfort, jpossible only with these Three-PointCantilever Springs, is but'one ofthe advantages of Overland 4.Its light weight makes possiblegreat economy of gasoline and tires. .High quality materials insuredurability. .All vital parts of thefront axle and steering gear and allhighly stressed gears and shafts fordriving the car are made of alloysteel.The equipment list of Overland 4" is high grade, including Auto-LiteStarter and Lighting SystemElectric Horn Marshall Divan Up- mholstery Springs DemountableRims Three Speed TransmissionSlanting Rain Vision WindshieldTillotson Carburetor U. S. L.Batteries and many other highquality conveniences.In every respect Overland 4 is aquality car. The body is all steel,all enamel, the brightest, hardest,' most lasting finish.Overland 4 has been tested fortwo years and more than 250,000miles over the Rocky Mountains,prairies, through deep mud andscorching deserts through quicksharp climatic changes. As a resultof these tests we were able to judgethe car's performance under everycondition and to perfect it beforeoffering it to the public.There is no previous car of anysize or price to adequately comparewith the character of sendee Overland 4 introduces.The farther you ride in it themore you will appreciate it. Comein, see the car and ask for bookletThe demand will be greater thanthe supply for a long time.Overland 4 Touring, $845; Roadster, $845; Coupe, $1325; Sedan,$1375. Prices f . o. b. Toledo.f J jtfr - " -' -flaaaaaaaaaaaW &JBTC?i3sT" m.,m ,2 fT '!, lZ '.T i . mT - r..n i.UiJKiumiS&iiiSttrwttKtwSKi - -r-' Phone No. 436Dickerson & SonPrices Svbjet to Change Without Notice106 East Tenth StreetiCOHSTIPATIOir.Most laxatives and cathartics afford only temporary relief andshould be used only for that purpose.When you want permanent relieflake Chaniberlain's Tablets and becareful to observe the directionswith each package. These tabletsnot only move the , bowels but .improve the appetite and strengthenihe digestion.(adr-or)HAL MILLION SCOUTS TO ENJOY- A BIRTHDAYThe National Council of the BoyScouts of America is -inauguratingthe most extensive plans in the history of the Scout Movement for thecelebration of the tenth birthday inFebruary, the week of the 8th tothe 14th. .In this plan opportunity is givenr cofcnnis. churches and the pressto appeal to .every man, woman and ,bild in America to live the scout Jrule, "Do a Good Turn Daily," forthat one week just as the BoyScouts do throughout the year.Word is coming from many sources that scoutmasters are alreadypreparing the most entertaining andinformative exhibitions, that arrangements more extensive thanthose of last year are being perfected by councilsand troops fordinner festivities in which he- fathers will participate, and manyother indications' point to the coming of a remarkable week ofscodt service.realTHIS MEANS YOU.When you get up with a bad tastein your mouth, a dull, tired feeling,no relish for food and are constipated, you may know that you need adose of Chamberlain's Tablets. Theynot only cause an agreeable movement of the bowels, but cleanse andInvigorate the stomach and improvethe digestion. -t (adr-noy)IIGEO. W, DAVISruiNERAL DIRECTOR -MotorEquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299- Corntr Fifth and Mutant $trttsy Park, Ky."XHBSCasBlMIRSMiHH v-MAteLET THE BOURBON NEWS DO YOUR JOB PRINTWCXBXaiKlIHSBVSEVvs:....$'!iIwVII'Mlr. ;s:mMIt .vii'ritrm-ifaj .ExanSKyi-i rV " . -N "W " " , "yVy . - - jf. fc ,&.3r?"r -Jt-9MJ 2 jCW TTO "C?k3- "? -.t - ' " 5"UUJ1lUHGEITHEwiaU110HIWS, IRAKIS, KEHOTCXT- . K .j-- - 1' -J, -TUBDJlY, NOIMBWRo, 1919ALAMO AfTERNOON AND EVENING Admission X2ScZ'Si:::::::S:.-WEDNESDAYELAINE HAMMERSTE1NT.ODAY, TUESDAYWm. Fox PresentsMADELINETRAVERSEIN"The Splendid Sin"A powerful drama of one woman'sweakness and another's heroism.alsoJ Wm. Duncan in 'Smashing Barriers'and Sunshine Comedy"His Naughty Wife"TOMORROWFANNY WARDcThe Profiteers"This Photoplay gives an insight intothe nefarious methods of the so-called"food trust." -Also Bis V Comedy"Mates and Models"and Bray PictographIN"The Country Cousin"AlsoVodaVil Moviesand Pathe ReviewFarm Home6O2 Acres Good LandAnd a Beautiful.7-Room Brick HomeWe have contracted with Mrs. Susan Stiles to sell her beautifullittle farm located 5 miles from Shelbyville on the Smithneldpike atPUBLIC SALESaturday, Nov. 29, at 1:30 P.M.This is one of the finest little farms in the county, located as it isTight on one of the best pikes in the county, soon to become one of ourState-aid roads, right at Gleneyrie school, one of the best in the county;all good lands with plenty of tobacco land and well watered.The improvements consist of a dandy seven-room brick home, recently remodeled with a dandy front porch, latticed back-porch, cabinin yard and all necessary outbuildings in good condition. The barn is ahe&uty, has several good stalls, good crib, harness room, and tightMooring in the loft.Altogether we don't know of a better home and farm combined inthe county.We would be glad to take you out to look it over or you will find aman at the farm to show you.The best opportunity yet to buy your farm at your own price.We sell absolutely without reserve or by-bid.Remember the date Saturday, November 29, at 1:30 p. m.Free, $10.00 cash. Terms Easy. Free Souvenirs.WAKEFIELD DAVIS REALTY CO.Hartford BuUding, Shelbyville, Ky.Ixt Sale on Snow Hill, Saturday, November 29, 1919, at 10 o'clock.(25-28) .MILLERSBURGTHEUNITED STATES RAILROAD ADMINISTRATIONANNOUNCESTemporary Suspension of ServiceFollowing trains east of Lexington and Winchester aretemporarily suspended:Train No. 1 scheduled to leave Lexington 11 p. m., Winchester 12:05 a. m.. for McRoberts and Train 6 returning Hup1 Winchester 1:10 a. m. and Lexington 2:15 a. m. Train 155scheduled to leave Winchester for Irvine and Beattyville 7:15a. m., and Train 154 due m Winchester 5:53 p. m. from Beattyville and Irvine.LOUISVILLE & NASHVILLE RAILROADFor detailed information, apply to local ticket agent.THE UNIVERSAL CARThe Ford Coupe, with electric self startingand lighting system, has a big, broad seat deeplyupholstered. Sliding plate glass windows so thatthe breeze can sweep right through the opencar. Or in case of a storm, the Coupe becomes a.closed car, snug, rain-proof and dust-proof. Hasall the Ford economies in operation and maintenance. A car that lasts and serves satisfactorily as long as it lasts. Demountable rimswith 3-inch tires all around. For the doctorand travelling salesman it is the ideal car.Ruggles Motor CompanyBank Row, Paris, Ky.PIjjir III1, III1 -HtaC HBwQadn I Al ' Y r J jgTK i- 1 HII KBAj "4JB sBBtmStuAStkJ IIIiR "- "" illBIRTHS.tALL THIS WEEKAT THE GRANDthe Kitchen Cabinet that saves miles of stepsm aaves LAborSaves TimeSaves FoodsThe postoffice, banks and mostof the business - houses will be closed Thanksgiving Day.The protracted meeting at theChristian church, which is beingconducted by Elder W. C. Crouch, ofCarlisle, will continue through nextSunday. Services every afternoon at3, and evening at 7. Elder Crouchis drawing great crowds and preaching interesting sermons. There havebeen already some, additions 1o thechurch.The Thanksgiving services willbe held Thursday at 10:30 a. m.r atthe Christian church, conducted byElder W. P. Crouch, of Carlisle, whois now conducting a protractedmeeting at that church. An interesting musical program will be rendered under the direction of MissMary Tuttle, of Springfield, O., whois m charge of the music during theprotracted meeting.Don't forget the Means-AndersonCompany to-night, at M. C. Auditorium, at 8:00 o'clock. Thisopens the Lyceum course here,which is being conducted by thefour churches, and should be wellpatronized. The Means-AndersonCompany promises us a good program, and it is said tha tthey havenever been adversely criticised.Season tickets are on sale at $2.00each, general admission, 65 cents,the schools, 45 cents.The funeral of Mrs. J. H. Collier, who died at Massie MemorialHospital, Paris, last Wednesday, wasconducted Friday at 2:00 p. m.,from her late residence on North.Main street, by her pastor, Rev. W.W. Morton, of the Presbyterianchurch. Mrs. Collier had been along sufferer. She bore her afflictions bravely and without murmuring. She was a devoted member ofthe Presbyterian church sinceearfywomanhood, and wasc a student pithe Bible. On the mprnjng prior ,toher death, which took place in tHeafternoon, she realized the end "wasnear, and talked beautifully to herhusband, children tnL grand children. She lived for .her family andfriends, in the assurance that whenthe time came' for her to give up hermortality for immortality, that theLord would claim her for his own.There was never a more devotedfamily. The four sons were thoroughly devoted to their parents, and.in the declining years of these goodold people, these sons have donewhat they could to make life pleas-.'ant for them. The sons were the'pall-bearers. The song serVice was fverv annronriate. and after the'funeral service her remains were jlaid to rest Qn the family lot in theMillersburg Cemetery, beside thoseof her daughter-in-law, and a littlethree-year-old grand-daughter.1 (,Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanThe ShannonStock CompanyWith Concert Bandand Orchestra-BBH u3il JnmlVA.I -bTtbbH I BNow in aMillion and aHalf HomesThe Favorite For 20 YearsThis Tuesday Night,A Comedy Drama in four acts,"The PowersThat Be"Dramatized from the story, "TheMan f the Hour."WEDNESDAY NIGHT,'Johnny Get Your Gun9MATINEE THANKSGIVING DAYBertha M. Clay's famous story,"Thorns and OrangeBlossoms"Matinee prices 25 and 50 cents,including: war tax.The fellow who lb alive to thefact that he is a dead one provesthat while there's life there's hope.This scientific labor saver was the pioneerkitchen helper, and throughout the years it has heldfirst place among housewives because it offers somany features that cannot be secured elsewhere.Until you see the Hoosier demonstrated youcannot realize how it will save your time andstrength as well as make your kitchen convenientand attractive.Made in several beautiful models and pricedwithin the reBch of all. Demonstrations made atany time. Ask the salesman.A. F. WHEELER & CO.CHAS. GREEN, ManagerOpp. Court House Paris, Kentucky&EIRE FAILS TO HALT WORK -IN IBAPTIST DRIVE.Fire Sunday night destroyed thehouse of worship of the First Baptist church, Jacksonville, Tex., butthe next day the congregation metat the home of the nastor. decidedto rebuild, and oversubscribed the jquota of ?3 0,000 to the Baptist 75Million Campaign. The Lyon, Miss.,church, with 4 8 members and aquota of $21,000, subscribed $50,000, and the Summer church wentI from $33,000 to $70,000. W. H.Mangan ana iamny, oi wesuajie,La., subscribed $60,000."oInsure withW.O. HINTON &SON,AgtsoAUTO STOLENWhile attending a theatrical performance at the Lexington OperaHouse, Thursday night, ElmerMyers, of the firm of Myers & Smith,of Paris, loft his automobile, a newSedan, hitched on a side streetVrhen he left the house to returnhome the machine was missing. Thepolice were notified, and a description and number of the car giventhem, but it still "remains at large."01 3D IE LWINTER FOOTWEAR!Smrt new style boots of surpassing quality, priced atless than wholesale cost of present market values. Thepeople now more than ever before appreciate the fact thatthis store offers them the best shoe values in the city.This Week's Specialswill crowd our store with eager buyers. Prepare your shoeneeds now; your savings are big; selections complete inevery detail.This WeekWe offer a great selection ofladies' beautiful brown andblack glazed kid Lace Boots,in either English -militarystyle or high Louis heel, ?8.Q0valuesT Special at $5.99Ladies new Fall Boots, inbrown and black kid, highand low heels, $7.00 valuesSpecial at $4.99Ladies' and Growing Girls'$6.00 Gun Metal Lace EnglishBoots, special $3.99UWfi-focrBoys' and Youths' Extraordinary Shoe Values$5.00 and $5.50 grades Dressy Shoes, great forq ACkwear. Buy a pair today. Special 5 r5JIn this city, -to the wife of T.H. Rose, formerly Miss Ruth Rion,a son; sixth child, all boys.In this city, at the home ofMrs. H. D. Campbell, on Highstreet, to the wife of Rev. JulianMc.niintop.lr of Piohmonl o HonrrV,, -v.u.uv.v, u, vi&il-ter, weight, nine pounds. .Mrs. MqClintock was" formelv Miss C!a.n- -bell.. - ' -r 0 . v-H-I Tlnvi't efornov. Aa ,fL. .!.. .-r- .. 1 .'member that vil -nnmmiiWinVf&i' IIcorrupt ood telephone "irls., , .iSaveYourMoney onmj .y 01men s onoesExtremevaluea in GoodyearWelt Sole Gun Metal Shoes,English and wide toe styles$7.00 values at $4.95Special Misses and Children's $3.50 Gun MetalBoots, all sizes8 1-2 up to 2 $2,496to8 $1.99Misses' and Children's $5.00values in Kid and Gun Metal Lace BootsSpecial $3.49Children's $2.00 Gun XetaiKid and Patent Shoes, iizes5 to 8 ,Special $1.49Rubber FootwearAt a SavingWhile They LastMen's tan and black goodWork Shoes, double soles,$4.00 valuesSpecial $2.99DAN COHENWjlere Beauty, and Economy ReignParis'. Greatest Shoe, Store4V!? i - " ".- "" ". -.5V T- . ii --S "A 3 " " JC - Q TT -.- t-"-.,.t: ' 3y -M-