t" V,' -" "Cy,-?M rJhtf- ''r kJ-?W rrTHENEWS- -rs si' iL2T .1 ,,i J-4 ,.- Tii; ?- -i-HS-aTrPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.;VOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JULY 8, 1919" - 's ,VBOURBON,., 'infoSiySTERY SURROUNDS TELEGRAM FROM SON SUPPOSEDTO BE DEAD."Within a few hours after he had?tceived a telegram, purporting to betrom his son, Private Japnea Cain,stating that he was in New York, andasking that $20 be sent him, Mr.John "Pete" Cain, of Paris, got acommunication from tae Bureauof War Risk Insurance atWashington, stating that the $10,000 insurance for James Cain, whowas reported officially as having beenkilled in action in Prance, in July,1918, had been desposited in a Parisbank.la July of last year Mr. Cain received official notice from the WarDeparftjment that his son, Jas. Cain,had been killed in action. Fridaynight he received a telegram fromNew York, worded as follows:"Mr. Pete Cain, Paris:"Dear Papa Arrived in New Yorkthis morning from New Haven, Conn.Wire me $20."Your Son,"JIM CAIN."Mr. Cain, who had finally becomereconciled to his son's death, nowhad his anxiety aroused by the telegram, which most people are inclined to regard as a fake, as similiarschemes have been worked in different parts of the country for the purpose of extorting money. Immediately upon receipt of the message Mr.Cain notified the Government officialsin New York to try and locate thesender and ask him such questions asonly his son could answer, hismother's maiden name and other details that tend to establish his identity. Mr. Cain's suspicions were firstaroused from the fact that the telegrapi was signed with the full nameof his son, instead of his first nameonly.There is one. incident that tendsto support the supposition that youngCain is still alive. Private WilliamP. Quinlan, who recently arrived herefrom Fance, stated that he talkedwith Cain in October, while the Govrenment officially reported him ashaving been killed in action in July.Shortly after receipt of the telegram by Mr. Cain, Manager JohnMcDermott, of the Postal TelegraphCo., in this city, wired the (managerof the office at New London, Conn.,from where the telegram was sent,asking him to interrogate the senderwhen he called for a reply, and gavehim a list of questions for the manto answer. In reply he received thefollowing, under date of July 7:"New London, Conn., July 7, 1919."McDermott, Manager, Paris, Ky."Man purporting to be James Caincalled this morning. Stationed atFordniche as soldier in ArtilleryCorps. Tall, large frame, nearly allupper front teeth gold-filled. Sayshas brother Robert on other side.Been across eighteen months. Saysmother died while away. Expectsdischarge soon. Says reported killed.Will call again about eleven formoney. Advise."Manager, New London, Conn."From this it may be seen that thereare several conflicting statements. Asthe people of Paris know RobertCain has never been in the service,and has never been in France. Thedescription does not exactly tallywith James Cain. Every effort is being made to have the authoritiesclear up the mystery, which is amost baffling one for Mr. Cain and"his friends and relatives.Another message having a decided"bearing on the mystery was received"here by Manager McDermott fromthe New London manager, whichstated that the young man calling forthe (money had been placed under arrest, and that he had admitted thathe was not James Cain. It was alleged that telegrams similar to the onesent to Mr. Cain had been sent fromthe same place, New London, Conn.,to Carlisle parties, asking for $20.It was alleged tnat the telegram wassigned "Noel Stevens." It was statedyesterday that a young man who formerly resided in Paris, and who hasbeen in the army service, is stronglysuspected, and that the authoritiesare proceeding upon that theory in(making their investigations.o-REMEMBER, OPPOSITE COURTHOUSE SUMMER GOODSIN VARIETY.Porch Shades, Porch Rugs, PorchChairs, all at special prices.A. F. WHEELER & CO.,(27-tf) Opp. Court House.. oSPECIAL MEETING OF THE BOURBON FISCAL COURT.In response to a call issued byCounty Judge George Batterton, themembers of the Bourbon FiscalCourt met in special session at thecourt .house yesterday. The meeting,which was attended by the full membership, was called for the purposeof discussing plans and taking actionwith regard to the anticipated reconstruction of the county roads.The Court appointed a committeeto meet with a commitee-at-largefrom the county, composed of thefollowing: Catesby Spears,, SamClay and John T. Collins, to act asComjmissioners. They will have entire charge of the road-buildingfunds, in case the bond issue to bevoted on is successful in carrying atthe special election which has beencalled for the purpose. They will beempowered with authority to makecontracts, have charge of the fundsfor reconstruction purposes, will designate the materials to be used in thework and will act as a general advisory committee to the FiscalCourtPARIS BOY KILLED IK CINCINNATI RAILROAD YARDSWilliam Minogue, aged twentyone, of Paris, a former employe ofthe Louisville & Nashville, in thiscity, died in the General Hospital,in Cincinnati, Sunday night, of injuries received Friday when he wascrushed between two cars in thePennsylvania yards in Cincinnati.Young Minogue was riding on a carin a string that was being switchedin the yards, when it jumped thetrack and bupiped into the car ahead.Minogue was thrown between thecars, receiving injuries that causedhis death.He was the son of Mr. and Mrs.Will Minogue, of Vine street, in thiscity, and had been in the local yardsunder Master Mechanic Gorey, until transferred to the Covingtonyards. He was a bright, intelligentyoung man, whose 'host of friends regret his untimely death. He was forsome time in the employ of THENEWS, where he was highly esteemed. While at work near a gas enginein the office his arm ' was brokenwhen it was caught in the flywheel, and another time he sustainedinjuries by getting his hand caughtin a printing press.Besides his parents he is survivedby his brothers, Joseph, John, Matthew, Francis and Russell Minogue,and sisters, Misses Marguerite, Annaand Mary Minogue. He was a nephew of Mr. James Minogue, one of theprominent attorneys of Lexington.The body was brought to the homeof his parents, on Vine street, inthis city, yesterday. The funeral willwill take place at the Church of theAnnunciation, in this city, at nineo'clock to-morrow (Wednesday)morning.: oJUDGE CARROLL ADDRESSESVOTERS IN GOVERNORS RACEAt the court house yesterday afternoon, Judge John D. Carroll, ofFrankfort, addressed the voters ofthe county in a two-hours' speech,in the interest of his candidacy forthe Democratic nomination for Governor. There was only a moderatesized crowd present, but those whowere there were pleased with thespeech they heard. Judge Carrollwas introduced to his audience byCounty Judge George Batterton.Judge Carroll was accorded a warmwelcome by his supporters and gavethem something to remember in theway of a speech bristling with factsand figures to show that he wouldmake a good Governor of the State.He reviewed the political aspect oftimes and took up State issues ofmoment, which he discussed atlength. He recognized the fact thatthe farmers were very busy and thataccounted for the size of the audience. CHAUTAUQUA OPENS TO-DAYTo-day will witness the opening ofthe Paris Chautauqua, which hasbeen very extensively advertised formany weeks through the local pressand other means. It has been frequently asked, "Will this be as goodas the previous Chautauquas?"There is no reason to doubt it, according to the statement of theWhite & Myers representatives.The opening program, which willbegin at the Paris Grand OperaHouse at three o'clock, this afternoon, is as follows: Carmeliny's OldColonial Band, Crack Italian Band inpopular concert; Night program, beginning at 8:30 Carmaliny's OldColonial Band; C. W. Wassam,lecture, "The Secret of Power."Season tickets will be on sale at thevarious places designated by theChautauqua Comjmettee up to noonto-day. Get yours before , the salecloses.-oHAIL INSURANCE.Tobacco hail insurance.McClure & Donaldson.june24-tf)RELIEF FOR HOUSEKEEPERSALL THE YEAR ROUNDKitchen Cabinets save time andlabor.A. F. WHEELER & CO.,(27-tf) Opp. Court House.oA VERY DANGEROUS SITUATION.A number of complaints havebeen made to .THE NEWS from citizens residing in East Paris in regard to the storing of large amountsof high explosives at the rockquarry in that vicinity being operated by the county. It is regraded as amenace to the community and onethat ought to be looked after.One citizen stated that a petitionsigned by about twenty residents ofthat section of the city had, oeen presented to the City Council protestingagainst a continuance of the practice,but that nothing had been done inthe matter, and that no reply hadbeen jmade to the petition. There isan ordinance on the books of the cityforbidding the storing of high explosives within the corporate limitsof the city. The people of East Paristhink the city should comply withthe laws they make themselves before they require others to obeythem. fTAKING DEGREES.At a meeting of Rathbone Lodge,Knights of Pythias, the Second Rankwas conferred on Pages Charles E.Henry, J. S. Osborne, Jesse Martinand A. N. Parker.FAMOUS RACER, OMAR KHAY-YAM, NOW IN BOURBON.Omar Khayyam, the nve-vear-oldson of Marco and Lisma by Persim-mon, has been retired to the stud.and has been sent to Claiborne Farm, tin Bourbon county, the property ofArthur B. Hancock, who has succeeded in securing the chestnut forhis stud.Omar Khayyam was, when at thetop of his form, one of the greatestrace horses ever seen on this continent, and is as well one of the bestbred stallions ever put into the studin this country. He is a beautifulchestnut about fifteen hands twoinches high, with star and stripe,and white hind legs. He is tremendously muscled, with greatlength from hip to hock, has thebest of feet and legs, and has a fineear, a faultless neck and wonderfulpair of shoulders. The son of Marcoand Bisma was bred in England, andbought for C. K. G. Billings by histrainer Charlie Patterson, who trained the colt for the Kentucky Derby.Opnar Khayyam after being sold tohis present owner, Wilfred Viau, ofCanada, by auction for $27,500, wonthe three-year-old events on the NewYork Jockey Club tracks, but, wasbeaten in the famous match at Laurel, by Hourless, in what has cometo be regarded as the best race everin this country, by two of the greatest horses ever seen.oNOTICE TO GAS AND ELECTRICCONSUMERS.Pay your gas and electric bills now.The 10th of the month is the lastday discouts will be allowed andchecks mailed in payment of billsmust be in postoffice not later than10th to secure discount, to avoiuerrors and save time, kindly bringyour bill with yo.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.(4-2t) (Incorporated)oCANDIDATES MUST FILE EXPENSE ACCOUNTS JULY 18-23Expense accounts of candidates inthe August primary must be filedwith Secretary of State Lewis on andafter July 18 to 23. The accountsmust include expenses up to and including July 18. Secretary Lewishas received an expense account fromone candidate who is laboring underthe impression that the accountsmust be filed daily. This is not thecase. The law requires that the accounts must be filed between July18 and 23 and jraust include the expenses incurred on July 18.0 ,HAIL INSURANCE. "Insure your tobacco againsthail withYERKES & PEED.Prompt and satisfactory adjustments. (june20-tf)ff WE KNOW HOWMid-SummerSUITSReady-to-Wear !It takesa good tailor years to master the art of making light weight skeleton lined clothing, and the SummerSuits that we are selling are made by expert tailors whomake a specialty of manufacturing Summer Clothing.You will find many desirable patterns and styles in ourselection.Palm Beaches .Mohairs and ,Kool KlothGarments that will keep you cool and comfortable thesehot, sultry days. Let us fix you out in a summer! outfit.SUITS FROM$15 to $30Straw Hats, Light Weight Underwear, Silk ShirtsLight Weight PongeesMITCHELL a BLAKEMOREStetson HatsManhattan Shirts,FORMER PARIS WOMAN ACTS ASSrUflSUR TO SH1F.;V'Wrs. Albert H. Morehead, formerlyor -fans, supervisor of the pennylinfch organization in the Lexingtonsclools, acted as sponsor at thelaunching of the United States tor-Virginia, last Saturday.- -vi vu Vf IVW) MM J..ri,'tfFhe destroyer was named in honorof-'her brother, Loveman Noa, whow&s killed in action October 28, 1901,while engaged in breaking up gangsof smugglers near Nipa Nipa, on theIsland of Samar.JThe policy of the Navy Departmentisto name destroyers for men whohave given up their lives while intjie service. Midshipman Noa wasone of the first to be paid this tribute. Mrs. iHmar Noa, of Chapel Hill,N. C, mother of Midshipman Noa,designated Mrs. Morehead when asked by Secretary Daniels to name thesponsor for the launching of theDestroyer 343.Mrs. Morehead and two sons arespending the summer with Mrs. Noaat Chapel Hill, N. C.ATTENTION. UNIFORM RANKThere will be a meeting: of A. J.Lovely Co., No. 34, K. of P., at theirCastle Hall, to-fmorrow (Wednesday)night, at 7:30 o'clock. Come in fulluniform. Business of importance.A full attendance is urged.W. W. DUDLEY, Captain.oMRS. PEARCE BREAKS HIP.As the result of an accident whichoccurred in Cincinnati recently, Mrs.Anna Pierce, a sister of Mrs. EllenC. Kiely, of this city, is confined toher room, suffering from a brokenhip. While walking on the street,Mrs. Pierce slipped and fell, sustaining a fracture 'of the thigh bone.She was sent to her home and (madeas comfortable as possible. On account of her advanced age, she beingin her seventy-thfrd year, little hopeis entertained for her recovery. Mrs.Pierce had spent the winter andspring in this city with Mrs. Kielyand family, and had gone to Cincinnati for a short visit to friends.oCOOL CLOTHES FOR VACATIONDAYS.We are ready with the kind ofclothes you need $15 to ?20.J. W. DAVIS & CO.HIGH PRICE FOR NEW CROP OF. i ., BLUEGRASS SEED.What is said to be the highestprice yet paid "for the new crop ofblue grass seed was realized lastweek when C. H. Gatewood, ofMontgomery county, sold to Mr.Henry S. Caywood, of North Middletown, 8,500 bushels of seed at $1.75per bushel.Nettlcton ShoesDr. Reed's Cushion .Sole ShoesJrINTERESTING OIL NOTESDr. J. M. Williams, president ofthe Associated Oil Royalties Co., is in.ilulUOtJUS VT1 UIU1UC30 .UUG1 UlUg X1J.3company.1The Lane Oil Company has contracted for drilling four wells immediately on their lease in the oil fieldsari'd are now moving machinery tothe lease. One well has just beenbrought in on the adjoining lease.The Co-operating Land and Development Company is moving a rig toBowling Green and expects to beginoperations at once in the WesternKentucky field, where it has optionsand negotiations pending for a number of leases.The Bourbon Oil and DevelopmentCojmpany is down about 200 feet withits initial test well on Richland creekin Johnson county. This well is onproperty recently leased by the Mutual Oil & Refining Company andwhich the Bourbon is operating.The Greater Kentucky Oil & Pe-troleum reports that the sale of stockfrom a distance continues to hold upand that they are receiving ordersdaily for .blocks of stock. Especiallyis this so from the States of Indianaand Virginia and West Virginia,where they have some -hustling stocksalesmen.The Parboken Oil Co. reports thatits No. 4 well is pumping far betterthan had ever been anticipated.Their No. 3 and No. 5 are progressing nicely and are both expected tobe in this week. All the above areon the Kinkead lease and are beingrigged up and it is expected that allthree wells will be connected withthe pipe lines and pumping shortly.President Moss, of the Lane OilCo., has returned from a very successful business trip to Louisville.He reports that everything in hiscompany is going smoothly and thatthe sale of stock has been very satisfactory. That actual work in thefields is going on daily, regardless ofthe shortage of labor, that is affecting all companies in the mountains.Oil operators and prospectors arerapidly turning their attention toWolfe county, believing that in thevicinity of Torrent' a substantialpool will be uncovered. Since theHuff Oil & Gas Company brought inits -big well on the Spencer heirslease and the 100-barrel well struckon the Day Lumber Company's tracta few weeks ago, there has beenmuch activity in that section and anumber of wells are being drilled in.Mr. Japnes Moreland, of the LittleBanjo Company, is now home fromthe oil fields, -and is directing thesales agents of his company. One ofthe latest additions to his force isMr. J. A. Daugherty, of Cynthiana.He and Mr. John Mattox, secretary,say that they are disposing of a largeamount of stock in the central Kentucky towns and that they are"eatingit up" in Harrison. The Little Banjoit is said by people who know, has agreat future and that their stock isa good buy.oBEAUTIFUL PORCH FURNITURE.SUMMER NECESSITIES ATBIG REDUCTION.All our summer goods at specialprices. We can save you money onporch furniture, oil stoves and ovens,rugs, porch shades and all kinds ofsummer goods if you will buy during July. Three large show roomsfull to select from.E. M. WHEELER,(1-tf) Robneel Building.oSUM COURT DAY.Owing principally to the fact thatthe farpners are very busy with theirwork, especially with harvesting thewheat crop, there was a very smallcrowd in the city yesterday in attendance on July Court Day. It is avery noticeable fact that the attendance at the January and July CourtDays is always below the average, asthe bill-collectors are strictly on thejob, and Mr. Farmer can give hispress of farm work as a good excuse for keeping out of theirclutches.There was very little stock on themarket, only a few plug horses andother nondescript stock being sold.With the public speaking at thecourt house and other side issues thefarmers who did come to town foundsomething else to do and talk aboutthan the usual run of "court day"affairs, and they melted into the distance early in the afternoon. Business was, in the main, very quiet,and the stores had but a moderaterun of trade. There was not even apatent-jmedicine orator or a leatherlunger exhorter on the public squareto remind us that we were still inthe midst of the old-time "courtday."o-B0Y ACCIDENTALLY SHOT.While playing with an old oap-and-ballrevolver of the 1816 vintage, atthe home of his parents, on ParrishAvenue Sunday, a young boy namedKing sustained a slight wound in theleg, when the ancient weapon,which of course, was "not" loaded,"was discharged. The little fellowwas, given immediate medical attention, and is getting along nicely, thewound not being a serious one.GOV. BLACK HAZES BEILIIAHT''SPEECH AT COURT HOUSEA small but highly-appreciativeand enthusiastic crowd of votersgreeted. Governor James D. Black at"the court house in this city Saturdayafternoon, when he appeared on therostrupi to speak to them in the iatrest of his candidacy for the Democratic nomination to succeed himself.Governor Black was introduced tohis audience by Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of the Paris Christian church, ina neat speech. Gov. Black immediately took up his theme, making a,splendid speech and a splendid impression upon his hearers. He spokefor about one hour and a half, frequently interrupted by applause as hemade a telling point. He promiseda revision of the tax laws to in ajmeasure relieve the people of thepresent heavy burdens; to cut oftmany useless offices, and to show nofavoritism to any particular section,of the State or to any individual. Hedeclared that as soon as he assumedthe office of Lieutenant-Governor ofthe State he resigned the position ofattorney for the Louisville & Nashville, railroad, and that since thattime he had always paid his owaway whenever he rode on a train.He is an earnest and forceful speakerand made a decided hit with his auditors, a large number of whom lingered to shake hands and talk to himat the conclusion of the address. Hiscampaign in this county will be in,the hands of Mr. J. Miller Ward. After the address Gov. Black returnedto Frankfort via Lexington.Before leaving Gov. Black wasasked by a number of people as tohow he viewed his prospects, and asto how his race was progressing."I've got it won." was his reply. Hecontinued that he was pleased' withthe outlook, and that the reception:given him in the places where he hadspoken was all that could be expected. ONE-CENT sat;r.Attend the Rexall 1-cent Sale nowgoing on at Varden's. Sale lasts tillFriday. Big bargains. (It)oSUMMER NECESSITIES IN FURNITURE AT REDUCED PRICESA big reduction on all summergoods, such as refrigerators, oilstoves, ovens, porch shades, porchfurniture, porch rugs, etc. All thisseason's goods, and of the best makes,but must be sold to make room forfall goods the big reductions during July.E. M. WHEELER; -" "(1-tf) Robneel Building. 'o :GRAND JURY AGAIN REFUSESTO INDITE FRANK MUNSON. ,For the second time the case ofFrank Munson, of near Hutchison,this county, who shot and killedCharles Foley, of Mt. Sterling, inCincinnati, on March 9, was ignoredby the grand jury in session at Cincinnati. No reference whatever wasmade to the case, and it is likely thatit will be dismissed, and Munsonnever brought to trial.Munson's home was broken up byFoley, who, it was charged, enticedhis wife away from her home andfamily on several different occasions.On the last occasion, they were located in Cincinnati, and Munson being notified, went to the house at 721Melwood avenue, where he foundthem in a room together, and killedFoley.The, grand jury in session at thattijme ignored the case, standing by"the unwritten law." Judge John.A. Caldwell, then on the bench inthe Criminal Division, objected tothis action, and at his request JudgeHoffman charged the jurors to reconsider the case. The grand jury reheard the evidence, but refused toindict. Munson is at present - atwork on his place near Hutchison.TWO SUSTAIN BROKEN LIMBS INMACHINE ACCIDENT.In an accident which occurred toa tractor and threshing outfit on theFlat Rock pike, yesterday afternoon,"Buck Wasson sustained a broken leg,and James Legget a broken arm.Both jmen were bruised and cut aboutthe face and head.The men were driving the outfitdown a steep hill on the pike, afterhaving finished a threshing contracton a nearby farm, when a pin on themachine broke, causing the driver tolose control. The outfit plungedacross the road, and turned turtleover a ten-foot embankment, landingin a field of tobacco. Passers-by picked the men up and telephoned toParis for medical assistance. Drs.Daugherty and Orr gave the men attention, and Wasson was brought tothe Massie Memorial Hospital, inthis city, in the Davis ambulance.Legget was repioved to his home.o 1NOTED EX-FEUDIST TO SPEAK' DCPARIS, JULY 19.Paris will be visited on Saturdayafternoon, July 19, by one of themost noted ex-prisoners and ex-feud-istswithin the borders of the StateCurt Jett, who will speak at thecourt house, in this city, at twoo'clock that afternoon.Jett was given two life sentences,one for killing Marcum, and the oth-er for killing Cockrell. He waygiven a parole on account of hariabeen one of the model prisoners in.the Frankfort Reformatory. He becapae converted and desired to b-Icome anevengelist. - ,r iT.rC.i?!f;t'- f-ti-.'&Wrs-ss, 1fyzMt its-4THE BOUEBON NEWS, " PARIS, KENTUCKYTfiaETWO9TUESDAY, JULY 8, 191$. i 'SI BOURBON NEWSEstablished 188137 Years of Continuous PublicationJE'ublished Every Tuesday and Eridayjfer xe&r. .?2.oo 6 Montns..fi.uuPayable in Adavance.BWEBT CHAMP. Editor and Owner.ICJfctered at tlie Paris, Kentucky.Postoffice as Mail Matter of the'Second Clasi.)Anv erroneous reflection UDOn theCharacter, standing or reputation oftay-person, firm or corporation whichjMfy appear in the columns of THEBOURBON NEWS will be gladly corjeted if brought to attention of thetiter.ADVERTISING RATESDisDlay Advertisements, $1.00 pertach for first time; 50 cents per inchAMon suosequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineatch issue; reading notices in blackftype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, and9iallar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemeats and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reseived6 decline any advertisement or othermatter for publication.Announcements for political officesjmuat invariably be accompanied byJtb.8 cash.ANNOUNCEMENT.FOR REPRESENTATIVEWe are authorized to announceHAS. H. THOMPSON, of Paris, as acandidate for the Democratic nomination for Representative from BourJxn County in the General Assem"bly of the Kentucky Legislature,subject to the action of the Democratic .voters in the primary election,in August, 1919..We are authorized to announce N.''A. MOORE, of Paris, as a candidatefor the Republican nomination forRepresentative from Bourbon Countyin the General Assembly of the Kentucky legislature.ir FOR CITY COUNCILMANt EirstWardy?Q' are authorized to announceJAMES "H. MORELAND as a candidate for Councilman from the First"Ward, in the City of Paris, subjectto the action of the voters in theprimary election, August, 1919.We are authorized to announceK. FORD BRENT as a candidate forCouncilman in the First Ward of theCity of Paris, Ky., subject to actionof the Democratic party.We are authorized to announce J.J. WILLIAMS as a candidate forCouncilman in the First Ward ofthe City of Paris, Ky., subject toaction of the Democratic party.We are authorized to announceTHOMAS KISER as a candidate forCouncilman in tie First Ward of theCity of Paris, Ky., subject to actionof. the Democratic party.Second WardWe are authorized toGATESBY SPEARS as aannouncecandidatef or Councilman in the Second Wardof-the City of Paris, Ky., subject toaction of the Democratic party.We are authorized to announceHUGH BRENT as a candidate forCouncilman in the Second Ward ofthe City of Paris, Ky., subject to theaction of the Democratic party.:rvThird Ward.We" "are authorized to announceGEORGE DOYLE as a candidate orCouncilman in the Third Ward of theCity of Paris, Ky., subject to actionof the Democratic party.EDITORIAL MUSINGS.JKexican Lawlessness Must CeaseOur Mexican troubles continue.Not only jmust we, apparently fortifyour cborder and keep tens of thousands of members of all branches ofour military service constantly onguard at enormous cost, but evenIhese measures do not prevent outrages against those of our citizenswhose presence in Mexico is necessary. In this connection the StateDepartment announces that John W.Gorrell, an American citizen, whiledefending his wife from attack by arebel force, was brutally murdered afew days ago. It also appears thatthis is but one of a number of atrocitiesc reported from the Tampico region since the receipt of repeated andemphatic assurance from GeneralCaniido Aguilar, son-in-law of President7 Carranza, and other officials ofthe Carranza regime, that the livesand properties of foreigners wouldlye safeguarded in Mexico. Of coursewe are again informed that the Mexican 'representatives of the State Department "have made urgent and immediate representations to the Mexican 'authorities," etc., but we haveBeen hearing of similar atrocities andsimilar "representations" for manyyears now from administrations ofDoth political faiths and it is hightime that some more vigorous andeffective action be taken. There isno longer any necessity for "Watch'fiH waiting." Americans should beas safe in Mexico as they are in Brazil or any other Central or SouthAmerican country; and if the Mexi-oam -Government can not or wil notprovide such safety,' the ApiericanGovernment mustPKnow Her?We have watched her. She is aloafer, a woman loafer. She spendsmore of her time standing in otherpeople's doorways and on the streetcorners than the average man loafer.Her child trails after her from oneplace to another, thankful, perhaps,for the little attention bestowed uponit. And she has a friend of her kindwho is little better. There they go,the three of them, up the street,down the street, on their foolish way.Have you noticed?We have said that we hate gossip;we do, and we do not mean to startany. If you see what we have seen,draw your own conclusions and keepyour mouth shut. We hope theseladies will read his, however, anddo their loafing so discreetly hereafter that you will not judge them.Sure Way To Win.Here's a good one that a fellowworked on a Paris lady last Sundaymorning.He was a big, healthy, huskylooking guy and he sneaked up tothe kitchey door and begged for hisbreakfast. The lady looked him overand then inquired why such alarge, strong jman should be foundbegging."It is the only profession I know,"said the tramp with a winning smile,"in which a gentleman can addresssuch a beautiful lady as yoursejf,without the formality of an introduction." Did he get his breakfast? He did.And there was maple syrup on hiswaffies, too.Let's Keep ool.Now don't let us get allWorkedup about little things that heat ourblood and make us cross and nervous.The cemetery is full of folks who gotexcited and didn't speak to theirneighbors. We've got a fine townand most of us mean well. Let usgive and take and dwell together inunity. It never paid to fret andworry. Keep cool and keep sweet.It won't be long until, we will allhave to shut ourselves up i n ourhouses again and then we can runthe home like a mausoleum if wewant to. But God's great outdoorsand the beauties of July are notowned by any one of us and boys willsoon be men. Let them have theirfun while they are young. Godknows the time is short enough.EEESH FARM EACTS FOR KENTUCKY FARMERS.The boys down in Marshall countyare rapidly becoming breeders of registered hogs. Under date of May 31,the County Agent wrote:"In all, this week, the boys of theMarshall County Pig Club have shipped out of the county 55 purebredpigs, netting them $725.00. Thisnice bunch of pigs went to supply aPig Club at Cadiz. It may be in order to remark here that two yearsago there were not 55 hogs in Marshall county eligible to registry inthe breeds combined. This shipment,save one, contained gilts and therewere fifteen boys selling."Army worms have been reportedin various sections of the State; butso far no news of any serious damage has reached the press. This peculiar condition is explained by thefact that most of the worms whichhave been sent to the ExperimentStation to be identified were foundto be sick from attacks of parasites.Purebred Shorthorn Bulls are being bought and taken into the mountains of Kentucky to increase thevalue of livestock. Floyd County farup in the Eastern end of the State,has bought six splendid Shorthornbulls and has ordered three more forearly delivery. This new blood hasbeen secured through the efforts ofa strong county agent.A WAR EVERY TWO YEARS(Providence Journal.)There Is a war somewhere on theearth, on an average, every- twoyears. That is the record of historywhich confronts the peace conferencewhen it turns aside from the urgentbusiness of dictating a peace to Germany, to think about contrivingsome plan that will make war impossible hereafter.A casual glance down the list ofwars since Napoleon's time, indeed,might suggest to some minds thequestion if it would be really wise toset up an agency that would "guarantee" the world against war assuming the possibility of securingany such guarantee.The apparent fact that wars havesometimes accomplished a great dealof good for the world. They havesettled important moral questionsperhaps about as often as they havethe question of which side is stronger. There are many indeed who believes it is well that the greatest ofall wars, through which the worldhas just passed, was not postponedindefinitely, in view of the fact thatGermany was what it was.oIn one small Ohio town 7,000 toothbrushes are at work on teeth thathad never been cared for until it wasmade one of the chores of the modern health crusade conducted by theJunior Red Cross land, the Anti-TuberculosisAssociation. Over 15,000childrenin one county who were accustomedvto sleeDiner with closed'I windows are having fresh air in thebedroom the ytear round.FORMER EMPEROR BILL TO BETRIED IH ifoN&ON.LONDON, July 7. The formerGerman Emperor will soon be placedon trial. Premier Lloyd Georgemade this announcement in theHouse of Commons, recently, in hisreport on the peace negotiations.The German army, the Premiersaid, was at present inadequate todisturb the peace of the feeblest ofthe neighbors, of Germany.The Premiej declared that the tribunal which would try the formerEmperor would sit inT London.The terms of the treaty with Germany in some respects were terrible,the Premier said, but terrible werethe deeds which justified it and stillmore terrible would have been theconsequences if Germany had succeeded. ,German officers who had committed appalling, infamies, the Premieradded, would also be placed on trial.Mr. Lloyd George declared thatthe British delegation has taken astand resolutely opposing any attempt to put a predominantly German population under Polish rule.FORMER KAISER MAY ATTEMPTTO ESCAPE.THE HAGUE, July 7. Universalmovejments at Amerongen chateauhave been reported by the Handelsblad. Commenting on this, thenewspaper said it expects the formerKaiser will attempt to depart fromhis home there.The Nieuwe Courant declaredthat the Dutch Government does notfeel obliged to turn Wilhelm over tothe Allies."He is free to go where he likes,so long as he stays in Holland," saidthis journal.The same view was held with regard to the former Crown Prince.ORDERS FOR ARMY DEMOBILIZATION ARE ISSUED.WASHINGTON, July 7. Ordersfor the demobilization of the army bySeptember 30 to the peacetimestrength of approximately 233,308officers and men authorized by thenational defense act, have beenissued by the War Department.The national defense act authorized a total of 169,493 officers andmen for the staff corps and departments. A reduction of the militaryestablishment to these figures wouldbe 100,000 below the strength authorized in the 1920 army bill, butofficials explained this reductionwould be necessary to compensatefor the heavy excess now existingover the authorized total.By that date all officer of theregular army must be returned totheir permanent grades, and officersholding commissions only for theemergency, including applicants forpermanent appointment, must be discharged. Announcement that the army wouldhe reduced to less than 240.000 officers and men by September 30 wasaccepted here to mean that definiteplans had been made to withdrawpractically the entire expeditionaryforces before many weeks.The number of men necessarv togarrison domestic ports, and the portsand the defense of the insular poses-sions, would be almost the total oithe authorized peacetime total.o"THE TROUBLE BUSTER."Through the courtesy of Mjss Clennie Lusby, formerly of Paris, who isnow one of the nurses attached tothe general staff at the United StatesArmy Hospital No. 2, at Ft. McHenry, Maryland, a member of THENEWS staff has received a copy ofthe anniversary number of "TheTrouble Buster," the official publication of the Hospital service. Themagazine is edited and printed bythe patients and enlisted men at theU. S. A. General Hospital No. 2, byauthority of the Surgeon-General ofthe army."The Trouble Buster" is a mostexcellent publication, filled fromcover to cover with all sorts of goodthings, well edited and neatly printed. The publication is issued fromits own printing plant, which is modern and up-to-date in' every respect.The entire work is being done by returned soldiers, some of whom havejust come from convalescent wards.The illustrations are splendidly executed half-tones, showing the variousphases of work at the Hospital.oOKLAHOMA TEACHES THRIFTThe Senate of the State of Oklahoma has passed a bill requiring theteaching of thrift and saving in thepublic schools. This is the firstState to act following the adoptionof a resolution by the Departmentof Superintendence of the NationalEducational Association urging thata national program of thrift instruction be pnade a permanent partof the public school procedure.While legislative action urging thata national program of thrift instruction be made a peitnanent part ofthe public school procedure. Whilelegislative action is exceptional,school authorities in all the Statesare reshaping curriculums in orderto incorporate the teaching of patriotism and American principles.STUDENTS SERVE MEALSThe "co-eds" at the University ofKentucky, at Lexington, have beenrunning a successful cafeteria forthe students since January. TheseHome Economics girls do the work inthis unique college eating place.They learn how to prepare food inquantities; they receive pay for the!serving hours; and they get creditas though they had done classroomwork. About 100 students eat at thecafeteria -each day during the firstmonth of its existence. Si the closeof school 250 were taking their mealsat the cafeteria. Besides becomingpopular, ythe venture has been a success financially. 'OCEAN-TOOCEAN FLIGHT ENDSSUCCESSFULLY IN NEW' YORKFEATURE OF FLIGHTDistance, East Fortune to Minecola2,956 nautical miles.Average Speed 35 miles an hour.Maximum, 70 miles an hour.Probable Duration of Flight 75hours.Probable Tijme of Arrival at Mincola Early Saturday.Length of Dirigible 639.5 feet.Diameter of Gas Bag 78.9 feet.Gas Capacity 2,000,000 cubic feet.Engines Five 200 horse-powermotors.Gasoline Carried 8,000 gallons.Total Weight 30 tons.Air Displacement 60 tons.Wireless Radius 1,500 miles.Men on Board 23.Five inclosed gondolas are suspended from the gas bag. These are connected by a 600-foot platform. Ontop of the bag is a gun platformreached by a ladder.DIRIGIBLE LEFT ENGLAND WEDNESDAY. LONDON, ENGLAND, July 4. Atmidnight, Wednesday night, the British dirigible F-34 which started fromEast Fortune at 1:48 that morning,reported her position by wireless tothe Air Ministry to be 54 north latitude, 24.15 west longitude.This is approximately 880 milesfrom the starting point and would indicate an average speed of about 35knots an hour.Unless this speed is increased thedirigible will not reach Mineola before 10 a. m. Saturday.The airship has maintained an average altitude of 2,000 feet. Thiswas in accordance with the plans announced by Major Scott before leaving East Fortune.Up to now the big air liner hasnot shown a speed greatly in excessof the fast steamships. The Mauretania, in establishing her record offour days, 10 hours and 41 minutesfor the Queenstown-New York tripin September, 1910, reeled off an average of 26 knots an hour.R-34AT TRINITY BAY AT 2:30 P.M. FRIDAY.ST. JOHNS, N. F., July 4. At 6:30Greenwich time (2:30 p. m. NewNew York tijme) the British navalstation reported that the R-34 waslost in a dense fog north of TrinityBay.AT NOTRE DAME AT 6 A. M. FRIDAY. ST. JOHN, N. F., July 4. TheR-34 reached Notre Dame Bay at 6a. m., it was announced and was topass over St. -Johns at noon, .comingsufficiently near the ground to beseen by citizens and dropping a mailbag for the governor.AT NEW YORK SATURDAY.NEW YORK, July 4. After reading dispatches announcing the arrival of the R-34 at Notre Dame Bayearly to-day, Lieutenant Colonel F.W. Lucas, Royal Air Force, who hasgeneral supervision of the receptionof the R-34, stated that the dirigible probably would reach New Yorkearly Saturday morning. LieutenantColonel LuCas was without information on the location and progress ofthe ship other than press dispatches."Plans for the reception of theR-34 have in no way been changed,"he said. "The ship likely will starton the return flight eight hours after arrival here."oSliVJiNTUliW - YJSAK -liUUUSX JNUXIN BOURBON YET.So far as we have been able to ascertain there has been no appearancein this county of the cicada, or theseventeen-year-Iocust. Several .daysago a prominent farmer of the county received a query from the Director of the State Agricultural Experimental Station at Lexington, as towhether or not the "seventeen-year-cicada"had made its appearance inBourbon 'county, and if so, to whatextent in numbers and damage.Mr. Farmer called up THE NEWSto know whether any of our countryreaders had reported seeing the inserts in their section. Being toldthat they had not he said that he hadnot been able to learn of any emergence of the locust in this county,and so reported to the Station authorities. We understand that the insect,whose expected reappearance was announced long ago, failed to show upalso in many of the adjacent counties. If they were there they werein such small numbers that theirpresence was hardly noticeable. Thelocusts, which appeared in largenumbers in some of the parks of Cincinnati and in sections of the country thereabouts a few weeks ago,have disappeared after their' periodical visitation1.oWOULD BE BOLD.A personage no less eminent thana United States Senator, Senator Williams, was heard with "gravity andrespect by his fellow lawmakers."I am opposed," he said, "to Conpress undertaking to usurp not onlythe powers of the Executive andStates, but those of God Al(mighty,and seeking to fix the time when thesun shall raise and set."Ano'ther wise one, in the otherhouse Representative .Campbell, ofKansas said that the law should berepealed because it took the farmersout into the fields while the dew wason them, and "everybody knows thatwhen dew gets on the body it makessores."After hearing xfrom such highsources, such statements as thesebold will be he who continues toexpress an affection for an addedhour of daylight leisure. The merefact that a great majority of thecountry's inhabitants y want it is noreason why they should have itcanM be. iA fluid secr,etetU Yby certain fishcaught in Portugal is used by fishermen of that country- to make theirbait luminous, thereby attractingother fish at night." ,For SaleTwo splendid bred four-year-oldmares,, city broke, and gentle, alsoone run-about, good as new.DR. FRANCIS P. CAMPBELL,(4-6t)Notice. All parties indebted to me willplease call and settle. Your accountis due and I need the cash to meetby obligations.(l-3t) J. ELVOVE.FoundMonday morning, on Hendersonstreet, a handsome brooch pinOwner can have same by provingproperty and paying for advertising.MRS. JOHN KISER,(ltf) Home Phone 10.LostA gold bar pin, set with smallpearls and emeralds. Intrinsicallythis pin is of no great value, butmeans much to the owner on accountof being a present from a loved onenow gone. A suitable reward willbe given for its return to this office.Touring Car For SaleSmall, five-passenger, electriclights, self-starter, demountable rims.A bargain for one' who wants something better than a Ford.OAKLAND MOTOR SALES CO.(4-3t) 108 Tenth St, Paris, Ky.Ford For SaleFor Coupe, as good as new, electric starter, new tires with demount-OAKLAND MOTOR SALES CO.'(4-3t) 108 Tenth St, Paris, Ky.Franklin Touring CarFranklin Touring Car, just repainted and overhauled, .new cordtires; a bargain for one who wants anice car.OAKLAND MOTOR SALES CO.(4-3t) 108 Tenth St, Paris, Ky.Administrator's Notice.All persons having claims againstthe estate of Miss Belle Mitchell, deceased, will please- present themproperly proven, as required by law,to the undersigned Administrator.All persons indebted to the estateof the decased are requested to calland settle.DR. J. T. VANSANT,Administrator Miss Belle Mitchell.(4-3t)Important Notice!Consideration of the contemplatedextensions and improvements in ourservice, which we have in mind hasresulted in a slight delay in gettingout our July bills.In order that we may be enabledto carry through these plans with allpossible dispatch it is necessary thatour customers for their part giveprompt attention to the payment oftheir accounts, which will be rendered within a few daysWe wish particularly to call attention to delinquent accounts,which we hardly feel justified incarrying further.It is our firm belief that with theco-operation of the public we can develpp a service which will be a decided improvement over that whichwe have heretofore been able to furnish. PARIS WATER COMPANY,Newton Mitchell, Superintendent.(4-2t)Attention !Autoists!Give in your automobiles for taxation now and save penalty. Wehave a complete list of all autoowners in Bourbon County, so nonewill get away. The law requires youto come to our office and give in yourlists. Do it NOW.WALTER CLARK,Tax Commissioner.J. J. REDMON, Deputy.(4-4t) - 'TAXNOTICE!The office of the Tax Commissioner ji Bourbon Countywill be open July 1st to assessproperty. Under the law it isthe duty of all voters and property owners to call at our officein the Court House and give intheir lists. Come in and complywith the law and save penalty.Do it now TO-DAY.WALTER CLARKE,Tax Commissioner.J. J. REDMON,v -- Deputy. ;:june27-tf) - ' , &,?VWilmoth'sFreshHome'.Baked Breads,Cakes, Pies, Etc.DailyFreshMeats,Roasts,Steaks,Chops, Fancy Goods.FamousCoffees and TeasWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 3T6A Special ShowingofNew VoilesandOrgandies" For the Summer TradeALL THE NEWESTSHADES AND PATTERNSat50cthe yard.TWIN BROS.Department Store7th and Main Paris, Ky.Aetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityAnd OtherCasualtiesA.J. FEEAGENTS3urtonJsI Confectionery Store 1Successor to Adami & Santi.AGENT FOU M. IB0LDMANUEL, COUNSELOE,AND S0NADA CIGARSAdami's Famous ReciDe forIJ making delicious Ice Cream.boda Water and MixedDrinks still used.xBulk Ice Cream(Made from Pure Cream)delivered for home use.j Fancy Ices for PartiesHIGH CLASS BOXCANDIES.For the BEST, Stt Us,FRANK BURTONiXIivIixaixiXIi" AriAlIXsIMPORTANT"- ' reV-hbbVI IIHH HbH bVbVbY ' mhhbm bbbbbbVyi17Beautiful Building Lots17FA1RT1EWADDITIONTO PARIS, KENTUCKYj '"FAIR VIEW" is located at the corner of the Maysville and North Middletown pikes, and is a part of thebeautiful old Taylor farm,"FAIRVIEW" is just the right distance from the business center. The lots are splendidly elevated, nearly300 feet deep, with desirable width privilege, this makes it possible to have plenty of ground.Everyone knows how scarce houses are in Paris. Desirable building sites are also hard to get. We triedfor a year or more before we could buy suitable acreage, and you now have an opportunity to buy at your ownprice just what you have been wanting."OWN YOUR HOME" is a nation-wide slogan of very recent origin. Think what such a movement tenyears ago would have meant . to thousands of renters pi to-day ! Buy a lot in "FAIRVIEW obey thatimpulse to have a home.!p. INVESTOR: "FAIRVIEW" OFFERS YOU AN OPPORTUNITY ALSO. Buy lots in FAIRVIEWand build on them. You can sell your houses at a BIG PROFIT as fast as they can be built.Be sure to attend this important sale. There will be a big crowd and we haye arranged for a BRASS BAND CONCERTand there will be given away during the sale absolutely 'FREE: $25.00 in Gold, alsoOne Choice Building Lot v1r" $500.00FREEYou do not have to buy a lot to have an opportunity of securing the Free Lot or the Gold (see condition printed on eiftcaras inat win oe aisinouiea ai opening or ine saie.;'s,rCTERMS Easy Terms WillAnnounced atYOURS FOR A GREATER PARISthe Sale. v. - ? &-1J-IIr I& fPiit)!fc.V1-.1::m -rV4i-4V -4VaaWAKEFIELDIDAVISREALTY CO." k ' "rxKI v1GE F0TJ1m&mxrTHE BOUBBOH HEWS, TAXIS, BEHTUCTT ;ralV4iTUESDAY, JULY 8, 1910..rUTTRAL MAIL MEN DEMANDCHANGE IN CONDITIONS. .Resolutions seeking betterment of ; The happiest time of the year forconditions for rural mail carriers in many boys of Bourbon county is,Kentucky were adopted at the an- drawing near. They are looking forjiual convention, of Rural Mail Car-1 ward eagerly to July 16, when theyriers of Kentucky, who met in The "start for Camp Daniel Boone, on theTyler, at Louisville, Friday. The .Kentucky River. Every year quitemeeting was well attended. Absence ' a number of Bourbon County boysof delegates from Jefferson county! take this trip under the leadershipdrew comment. At the morning ses-, of the Y. M. ,C. A., but this yearsion officers were elected for the ensuing year.T&ose elected were: w. D. Napier,Owensboro, president; M. L. Rans -dell. Harrodsburg, vice-president, andC. V. Martin, , Brumfield, secretaryand treasurer. Prank Wyatt, Kevil,was appointed national delegate, andM. C. Coleman was appointed Statedelegate. The date of the nationalconvention was moved from September 9 to 13 to September 16 to 19.Delegates urged organization ineach county of the States, as severalcounties are without organization.The meeting adjourned after a business session and round-table discussion. oELL-KNOWN NEWSPAPER MANSERIOUSLY ILL.E. E. Shindelbower, of Versailles,well-known in Central Kentuckyamong newspaper men and printers,is 'seriously ill of Bright's disease.Mr. Shindlebower has been in theprinting business since about 1881,-when he became an apprentice in theoffice of the Danville Tribune, which-was revived by Logan McKee andpublished for a number of years as aweekly paper. Later he worked atTaylorsville, Winchester, Lexington,Yersailles, and other Kentuckytowns.oEXCHANGES CAN BE MADE OFPOSTALS AND STAMPEDENVELOPES.According to an announocement re-cently made by Postmastero J.TlC7olV .- Iter Payne, postal cards that sold attwo cents each, and envelopes thatsold at three cents each previous toJuly 1, will be taken in exchangefor one-cent postal cards and twocent stamped envelopes. Three-cent,stamps will not be taken in exchangefor stamps of other denominations,however.oHAIL INSURANCE.Hail insurance on tobacco.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.june24-tf)JUNE 28 A MEMORIAL DAYWORLD HISTORY.INThe world war came to a formalend of five years after the assassination of Archduke Francis Ferdinandand two years and two days after thefirst American troops landed inFrance.The Austrian heir-apparent waskilled at Serajovo, June 28, 1914.The first American contingent disembarked in France, June 26, 1917.On July 28, 1914, a month afterthe death of Fra-ncis Ferdinand, Austria declared war on Serbia, marking the "beginning of hostilities. OnAugust 1, Germany declared war onRussia and invaded Luxemburg.Germany sent her ultimatum to Belgium, August 2, and declared war on.France, August 3. The next dayGreat Britain declared war on Germany. June 28 also is the anniversary ofthe renewal of the triple alliance between Germany, Austria and Italywhich has been broken by the war.On June 28, 1890, the GermanReichstag adopted a bill creating anew German army, the organizationof which is greatly diminished inpower by the treaty signed.In America history June 28 is theanniversary of the battle of Monmouth, N. J., where in 1778 Washington defeated a force under Sir-.Henry Clinton.oHAIL INSURANCE.Hall Insurance on tobacco.Thomas, Woodford & Bryanjune24-tf) yREPORT OF THE CONDITION OF THEFarmers and Traders Bank,doing business at the town of Paris, County of Bourbon, State of Kentucky, at the close of business on 25th day of June, 1919.RESOURCES:Loans and Discounts ?318, 584.85Overdrafts, secured and unsecured .. 6,139.75Stocks, Bonds and other Securities 87,244.67Due from Banks 7,995.17Cash on hand 19,886.32Checks and other cash itepis 423.18Banking House, Furniture and Fixtures f 500.00Total $440,773.94LIABILITIES:Capital Stock paid in, in cash $60,000.00Surplus Fund .' ' 12,000.00Undivided Profits, less expense and taxes paid . . . . 7,701.77Deposits subject to check $323,556.11Demand Certificates of Deposit. . . . 1,000.00Time Deposits 34,646.20 359,202.31Due Banks and Trust Companies 1,869.86t Total $440,773.94. rjSU f jSwtucky, (Set.). 'jOaty f Bourbon.AWe, S. L. Weathers and W. W. Mitchell, Vice-President and Cashier-of Jhe above named bank, do solemnly swear that the above statement istrueto the best of our knowledge and belief.S. L. WEATHERS, Vice-President.I W. W. MITCHELL, Cashier.Subscribed and sworn to before me this 3rd day of July, 1919." , JOHN W. YERKES, -Notary Public.. gMy Oommission expires March 25, 1923. ".-rf ' j Correct Attest:IT i !'i 11,.' IPFj iiTOftifMSGEO. W. WYATT,W'H,.tfnim,l !i31iM- HUME PAYNE. ' , .'',! 17 j j;.t( Wi9m I iMFM CTD. W. PEED.nii'EliliMilnrMiraa Directors,' .TRIP TO CAMP DANIELBOONE, JULY 16.promises to break all former recordsfor attendance.The caimp is owned by the StateY. M. C. A., and is under the directsupervision of E. V. Donaldson, formerly Boys' Work Secretary, of Racine Wisconsin, and associated withthe Wisconsin Boys' Camp. Withhim are associated Y. M. C. A. secretaries, physical directors, pastors,school teachers and scoutmasters.iEach of these leaders is in charge ofa tent of seven boys. Everythingpossible is done to insure the safety,good times and development of everyindividual boy.Ten steel row boats, a bathingdock, diving stand, giant' rope swing,spring boards, shoot-the-chutes, andone of the best beaches on the Kentucky River, all go to make the swimming hour enjoyable. A baseballdiamond, tennis courts, volleyballcourt, and a hundred yard straight-a-waymake their addition to theprogram for fun.For any information concerningthe camp call the Y. M. C. A.. Anyboy 12 years of age is eligible to go.Remember the date, July 16 to the30. Applications are coming in allthe time. Thus far the followinghave registered to go: Thos. Spicer,Cletis Chipley, Leslie O'Neill; Norbert Friedman, Hamlet Collier, William Collier, Blanton Collier, JamesDouglas, Adrain Flanders, J. MillerDundon, George Dundon, FerdinandNagle, Albert Wright, Joe Mitchell,Mose Westerfield, Howard Roberts,Ray Cahal, Robt. White, Yutaka Min-Jf "" " ,5 " w" litt.AVI.1UU1G WW 41, .lilliviuwo, ..ww-w, , -,Rock and Clintonville are expectingto go.oITVE CHILDREN PERISH IN LEWIS COUNTY EIRE.The home of Peter Samm, atPetersville. a small town in Lewiscounty, across the Mason county line,was destroyed by fire early Saturday.As soon as the fire was discoveredStamm attempted to get his familyout and he and his wife with an infant in her anms jumped from thesecond story.Five other children, who wereasleep in the house on the upperfloor, were burined to death. Neighbors saw the fire, but arrived too lateto be of any assistance.The charred bodies of the five children were found after the house wasin ruins. Stamm was one of the mostsuccessful apple raisers in that section and was one of the substantialcitizens of his county.The loss on the house will be about5,000, with some insurance.oB-4 FIREInsure withW.O.HIIMTON &SON,AgtsBAKERY IS BURNED.Fire destroyed a large bakery atLouisa, Ky. The loss is over $50,000, with only $7,000 insurance. Itwas the property of the LobacoCompany, and was a modern plant.Nearly four hundred carloads of flourhad just been stored in the building.oFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryano"DARN A MULE, ANYWAY!"The old saying hat "a mule is amost dangerous creature at eitherend" was given an apt illustrationSaturday near Centerville. Mr. J. H.McCarty, a well-known farmer ofthat vicinity, was leading a mule,when the animal gave vent to itsnatural disposition by becopning stubhorn and finally fractious. Becomingentangled in the halter strap Mr. Mccarty was thrown to the ground bya savage jerk from the mule, andhis right shoulder was dislocated.BOYS'THEIRIN THESERVICE OPCOUNTRY.Dr. G. A. Cook, of North Middletown, received a commission from theGovernment as Captain in the Medical Section of the Reserve ArmyCorps of the United States Army.Five recruits were accepted for thenavy at the Lexington recruitingoffice and sent to Louisville, Tuesday,for re-examination. One of the number was Graham S. Boston, of Millersburg. Seaman W. O. Pennington, who hasbeen in the naval service on boardthe U. S. S. "Oklahoma," has received an honorable discharge fromthe service and has returned to hishome in this city. He will likelytake a position in his old trade.Private Earl Blake, of Winchester,has landed safely at Hoboken, afterservice in Russia. A message to hissister, Miss Margaret Blake, said hehoped to be sent home soon. MissBlake has returned from Paris, whereshe attended a family reunion inhonor of her brother, Mike-Blake,who is just back from France.In a letter to his grandmother,Mrs. Bettie Mcllvaine, of Paris,Lieut. J. Miller Casey, formerly ofthis city, tells of his promotion asaide-de-camp to General Rockenbach. They are stationed at St.Lazarie, France. Lieut. Casey expects to accompany Gen. Rockenbachto Washington, D. C, leaving Pranceon or about July 10.Prof. Robt. Taylor Hinton, formerly of Paris, and former coach atGeorgetown College, has returnedfrom a year's service overseas, wherehe was a Y. M. C. A. worker. Hiswife and son, who have been withrelatives in Houston, Texas, havealso arrived in Georgetown. Prof.Hinton will visit Paris relativessqon.Ajmong the recent arrivals fromoverseas is Robert Pollitt, formerly ofthe Spears Mill vicinity, who is nowat home, having received an honorable discharge from the service. Pollitt was a member of the Sixth Division, and took part in several battles. Before enlisting in the armyyoung Pollitt has been engaged in'farming -near Spears Mill.Seaman W. F. Turner, who enlistedin the naval service shortly after thedeclaration of war, is at home on aten-day furlough as a guest of hisparents, Mr. and Mrs. W. E. Turner,of Nineteenth street. He is machinist on the U. S. S. Salem, which hasbeen in the Boston, Mass., navy yardfor several months.Dr. Avonia Kiser, son of Mr. 'andMrs. John Kiser, of this city, who recently received his honorable discharge from the U. S. Army service,has decided to locate in Paris, andwill practice medicine. While in theservice Dr. Kiser was attached to thestaff of the Walter Reid Hospital, inWashington, D. C, and treatedgassed and shell-shocked soldiers.Dr. Kiser is a graduate of the Louisville Medical College,Private John Pierce, who has beenin the service in France for the pasttwo years, has received his honorabledischarge, and is now visiting hiscousin, Mrs. Mack Jones, in Millersburg. Private Price lost a leg in thebattle of the Argonne Woods. Hewas a member of Capt. ReubenHutchcraft's company, and was inthe hospital at the time of the latter's death. He is one of the sevensurvivors of the company.Lieut. Eugene Elder, who has beenin the service for a long time, stationed most recently at Camp Meade,Md., has arrived in Paris as a guestof his parents, Mr. and Mrs. F S.Elder, on a furlough. He expects toobtain his discharge from the servicein a few weeks. Another Paris boywho has recently returned from theservice is Private W. P. Quinlan, whorecently returned from the service.He was attached to the Sixth Division, and was wounded twice in theleg hy machine gun bullets.Historian Fred P. Caldwell, of theKentucky Council of Defense, has'called attention to what he believesto be an unique record in Kentucky,that of Nelson county, which furnished four sets of twins for thearmy. The twins are: George andJohn Denie, Bardstown, volunteersin the First Kentucky infantry, laterthe 112th field artillery; transferredto another unit and now in Germany.Roy and Ray Foster, National army,A. E. F.; Less and Jess Hogan,Bloomfleld, discharged; Alvin andMarvin Roby, Cox's Creek, served atCamp Taylor, now discharged.Fifty-one Kentucky boys have arrived at Camp Zachary Taylor, freshfrom the Archangel sector in Russia.In the number were Earl Blake, Virgil Harney and Claude Linville, allof Paris. The boys tell of the hardships the soldiers endured in thefrozen North and of many deeds ofherosim. At times the temperaturewent as low as sixty degrees belowzero. There were many instanceswhere they had to plod through deensnow with only such ammunition asthey could carry and freauently hadto face the Bolshevist flankingforces.John E. Rubbathen, of the Thoroughbred Record, of Lexington, received a letter recently from his son.Arthur Rubbanthen, who is on thebattleship Kentucky, stating that hisship would probably be sent to thePacific coast. When the letter waswritten the battleship was -at theport of Guantanamo, Cuba, en routeto Colon, Panama. Young1 Rubbea-then, in his letter, gives an interest-RELIGIOUS.The Baptist Assembly closed itstwelfth annual convention at Georgetown College. Three hundred andtwenty-two people were registered.The following officers were elected:John, Hill, Georgetown, president;R. C. Goldsmith, Paris, and J. W.Lancaster, Georgetown, vice-presidents; J. M. Walker, Lexington, secretary; C. W. Elsey, Cynthiana,treasurer and general manager; G.M. Wewal, Georgetown, assistantmanager.oBEAUTIFUL PORCH FURNITURE,SUMMER NECESSITIES ATBIG REDUCTION.All our summer goods at specialprices. We can save you money onporch furniture, oil stoves andovens, rugs, porch shades and allkinds of summer goods if you willbuy during July. Three large showrooms full to select from.E. M. WHEELER,(1-tf) Robneel Building.BIRTHS.To the wife of Mr. Bradford Poe,on yesterday, a daughter. Mrs. Poewas formerly Miss Bess Miller.In Fayette county, to the wife ofJ. B. Kerns, a daughter. Mrs. Kernswas 'formerly Miss Axie Hunt, ofCenterville.Born, Sunday morning, to thewife of Mr. Luther C. Ashcraft, ofSouth Main street, a daughter, firstborn. Mrs. Ashcraft was formerlyMiss Minnie Carr.In this city, Friday morning, 'tothe wife of Mr. Edward Woods, adaughter weight, ten pounds. Themother was formerly Miss MargaretSchwartz, daughter of Mrs. John A.Schwartz, of Pleasant street.oRED CROSS PEACE PROJECTS.Sixty per cent of the children whodie of preventable diseases come fromrural communities. One of the plansof the American Red Cross peace program is to establish public healthnursing service in communitieswhere none exsits and to supplementthe work of existing social agenciesin districts where the present forcesare inadequate for the communityneeds.ing account of his ship stopping atthe Virgin Islands, where Uncle Samhas a coaling station, to take on coal.Young Rubbathen is a "brother ofMr. John Rubbathen, lynotype operator at the Kentuckian-Citizen office,in this city.&i"The Home of SummerClothes"And Comfortable Things to WearIVERYBODY likesand comfortable this hotweather and that's our iobrKiright now selling clothingand every'thing that men and youngmen wear to make life a comfort thishot weather.Try our hot weather prescriptioncome in and buy one of ourPalm Beach, Mohair orCrash Suitsand find comfort. All new styles andpatterns at purse-pleasing prices$10.00 to $20.00Straw r1ats..$200 to $5.00Panamas . . ..$4,00 to $6.00Neckwear 25c to $2.00Hosiery 1 5c to 75cUnion Suits 75c to $2.00Shirts $1.00to$7.50Caps 50c to$2,50Traveling Bags and Suit Cases$2.00 TO $20.00R. P. WALSH7th and MainFRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSliiimiiifflig ""FUTURISTWoman's Modern UndergarmentCOMFORT, freedom, reposeall that a man finds in his "athletic" underwear yet dainty, sheer, attractive, exquisitelyfeminine. These you will find in woman's modernundergarmentSimmons'FUTURISTFRANK & CO.LADIES'Automobileto be coolOne-Price StoreBTO:3BHHKMrfT7iTr rr " irayflr &? jif W;OUTFITTERSDeliveryOmrifktll,A.B.XtmkwmOParis, Ky.&k.." r Ji.i' -n 4--v,v - v. v -: V'r""4TUESDAY, JULY 8, 1919.i-A-$ -THE BOTOBOH HEWS, PARK, UUITUCT?-&&&&iPAGE HTII1 -KisFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEONE-CENT SALE.Attend the Rexall 1-cent Sale nowpoing on. at Varden's. Sale lasts tillFriday. Big bargains. (It)yOU'II ENJOY YOTJR VACATIONIf you're cool and copifortablydressed. We have just the clothesto make you comfortable ?15 to$20.J. W. DAVIS & CO.oJTJST ERIENDLY ARGUMENTIn the County Court, Judge Geo.Batterton held Jim Wilson, colored,to the grand jury in. the sum of $300.During a "friendly argument" Wilson threw a rock at his better-half,the missle striking her in the face,and knocking one eye from its socket.oBUYS HALF-INTEREST.Mr. Hiram Redmon has purchaseda half-interest in. the Paris RealtyCo., and is now a member of the firm,-which will be composed of Chas. P.Mann, and Hirapn Redmon. Nochange will be made in. the name ofthe firm. They will retain theirpresent offices.. oBEPEBIALENCAMPMENTCEES.OEFI-At their last meeting of ImperialEncampment No. 68, I. O. O. F., thefollowing officers were elected toserve during the coming term:Chief Patriarch A. Lr. Slicer; SeniorWarden. Henry Dickerson; JuniorWarden R. H. Wills; High PriestGeorge M. Rose; Scribe Geo. B.Minter; Treasurer L. M. Vanhook;Host Jas. T. Hill; District DeputyJ. T. Hill.. o0ET 'EM WHILE IT'S HOT GENUINE PALM BEACH SUITSGenuine Palm Bcac-Ii Suits, ?8to $12.Straw Hats, 1 to $6.White Shoes, $2 to $5.Save money and keep cool.L. WOLLSTEIN,(8-tf) 619 Main Street)--MB, HAERY SIMON DISPOSES OFHALF-INTEEEST IN PARISSTORE.After a long and useful residencein Paris, where he made an humblebeginning, Mr. Harry Simon hassevered his active business relationswith the Simon department stores inthis city, and has sold a half-interestin the business to his cousin, Mr.Reuben Goldstein, of Cincinnati.Mr. Simon will devote his entire timeto managing the business of his Lexington store. Mr. Goldstein has arrived and assumed active management of the -store, in connection withthe present force. He is a successfulbusiness man, who has had a largeexperience in the business in Cincinnati. o-ST k, A BIG NIGHT.UNSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.rr;T)or!e cfropfs and stores were alivewith people Saturday night, hundreds of whom had for jmany monthsbeen, doing their customary Saturdaynight shopping in Lexington, alongwith the purchase of a supply of"wet goods." .Merchants report the night's business as having been the best in .manyyears. Restaurants especially, almost depleted their stocks of edibles,as a hungry crowd descended uponthem. One restaurant man told TH.li,NEWS that the Saturday nightsbusiness at his place was better incash sales by at least 100 than formany months. . ...The streets were jammed with aneager, jostling crowd, and hundredsof automobiles were parked in everyavailable foot of space. All lines ofbusiness had a profitable .nightstrade. Altogether it was a big nightfor Paris. May there be many moreof the same kind!A BARGAIN IN STOGIES A BIGPURCHASE OF 10,000.I have made a big purchase of 10,000 "Red Skin Perfecto" Stogies. Ibough them at a bargain, and willbe able to sell them at the low priceof 2 for 5 cents. They formery soldfor, and are now being sold by otters, at 3 for 10 cents. Get in on thisbig reduction sale 2 for 5 cents.(It) JAS. E. CRAVEN.WAKEFIELD DAVIS REALTY CO.TO PUT ON BIG LOT SALE.An old man living a long distancefroma railroad in Florida until recently had never seen a tram, afriend took him to nearest railroadstation, where they waited until tieJacksonville Express came thunaer-ing in and stopped to unioau xusengers. The old man looked emonster over in wonderment and exclaimed, "They'll never start er.Directly the old iron horse puffedaway, disappearing down the tracK.The old fellow'looked until the trainhad entirely faded from view, andthen fairly shouted -'They'll neverstop 'er." c - .. , ,,You will be just like that oldman's idea of the departing train Ifyou will attend the big lot sale inFairview Addition to Paris next Friday, the 11th, at 9:30 a. m.The lots are so well located theland so rich, you will bid and biduntil you will get a sufficient number -of lots to make the home siteyou have been wanting. Rememberwe turn the whole addition over tothe auctioneer at 9:30 Friday morning and then you -and him for it.-t - naiar "Parla.Mr. Oscar T. Hinton returnedSaturday fropi a business trip to NewYork.Mrs. Thos. G. Morris has returned home from a weeks' visit tofriends in Cincinnati.Mr. Ellis P. Hukill left Sundayfor a visit to friends in Etowah,Tenn., and in Georgia.Miss Lillian Soper, of Louisville,is a guest of -Miss Ruth Soper, inthis city.Mr. Harry Baldwin is visitinghis brother, Mr. James Baldwin, inLynchburg, Va.Miss Evelyn Burle, of Louisville,is a guest of Mr. and Mrs. Harry O.James, on Pleasant street.Mr. and Mrs. George Broderickhave returned from a two-weeks'visit to relatives in Anderson, Ind.Sheriff Will G. McClintock, whohas been ill for several days, wasable- to be ,out on the street yesterday. Miss Mary Butler has returnedto her home in Louisville, after avisit to Miss Mae Shannon, in thiscity.Mr. Roy Collins, of Canton, O.,formerly of Paris, was a guest offriends in this city Sunday and yesterday. Master Win. Lytle is spendingseveral weeks with friends and relatives Jn Mason, Fleming and Lewiscounties.x Dr. and Mrs. J. M. Williams leftSunday for a two-weeks' vacationtrip to the summer resorts of EasternKentucky.Mr. Wm. R. Scott, of Cincinnati,former Parisian, spent the Fourth ofJuly holidays in Paris as a guest offriends and relatives.Mr. Charles P. Cook has gone toRochester, Minn., to be with Mrs.Cook, who is under (medical treatment at the Mayo Bros.' Hospital, inthat city.Miss Maggie Cavanaugh, ofNewport, formerly in the employ ofthe Cumberland Telephone Co., inthis city, is a guest of relatives onVine street.Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Dale anddaughter, Miss Lillian, and Mr. andMrs. Ray Harris will leave thismorning for an auto trip to Detroitand other points in Michigan.Mr. Leroy McDowell, of Paris,who recently underwent an operationfor hernia' at the Massie MemorialHospital, in this city, was reportedyesterday as getting along verynicely.Mr. and Mrs. E. J. Shannon, ofCincinnati, and Miss Margaret Kennedy, of Covington, have returned totheir respective homes after a visitto Mr. and Mrs. T. J. Shannon andfamily.Mrs. W. E. Patton entertainedat the home of her parents, Mr. andMrs. Dan W. Peed, on South Mainstreet. Bridge was the pastime enjoyed by the guests, and games werefollowed by refreshments.Mr. David Bachrach, of LittleRock., Ark., is a guest of his family,who are spending a portion of thesummer at the home of Mrs. Bachrach's parents, Mr. and Mrs. LouisWollstein, on Pleasant street.Mrs. J. W. Hayden and daughter-,Miss Josephine Hayden, left Saturday for an extended stay at CrabOrchard Springs. Miss Hayden, whofe'taaehins- in the School for theJ Deaf, at Jacksonville, 111., is on her Ivacation.The Traveling Men's department in the Lexington Herald ofSunday, has the following: "Ben'Uneeda' Downey, the man who putthe cracks in the crackers, spent theFourth of July in North Middletown.Ben says that this is the best town inCentral Kentucky."A cablegram was received by Mr.and Mrs. H. M. Collins announcingthe safe arrival of their daughter,Mrs. Brinch Meinetrtz,, and Mr.Meinertz, at Copenhagen, Denmark,on July 1. They will be absent abouttwo (months, visiting Mr. Meinertz'srelatives, and making a tour of Holland. " ' '. Among the many merry partiesto the Boonesbo'ro bathing beach recently was one composed of Mr. JoePenn Redmon and Miss onanotieRedmon, of near Paris; Miss CarrieMonson, of Carlisle; Mrs. JosephTrapp, of Cincinnati, and Miss BessieStone and Miss Weimer, of Chattanooga, Tenn. ,!,.The Courier-Journal says: MissLela Scoggan will go July 16 to visitMrs. Lou Jones, on the Bardstownroad, during the absence oi mr dimMrs. Thomas Helm Minary, m Bourbon county. Mr. and Mrs. Minarywill go to North Middletown, wherethey will be guests of Mr. and Mrs.John J. Redmon."Adam D. Clough, the seven-year-oldson of Mr. and Mrs. James R.Clough of Scott avenue, has beenRemoved to the home of his parents,from the Massie Hospital. The httle fellow has been a patient at tneSstitJSon since the terrible ace dentwhiSi occurred at his home early onthe morning of Saturday, May 31.Mr. A. R. Johns, Paris' artistic&2&&2 iSboUn JSelake wheTe he will attend the meet;IS oT the National Photographers'asra a ?--!time during tneir bta w -lar summer resort.Mr. Ewell Renaker, who hasbeen sowing Hot Sprmg. AA,s&S2rsisami xo '-"-"- p B gtrother, m&?cMte Mr Renaker will re7 n to Paris and resume his formerrosHionthe , Pa- office ofAc5d of Mrs. Thos.aJbrethTC?Iy SSm Miss Blizab eth CI ay mtine Thqmason Mif arrand "rek for an extend-.Paris, leave thfeweeKiorare Misses Callie Prewitt Gay andNancy Chenault Gay, of Winchester.Miss Ruth Feld is visiting inChicago.Messrs. Robt. Frank and LeePrice will leave Friday for NewYork and the Eastern jmarkets in theinterest of their firm.Mrs. Nelson VanMeter has returned after a pleasant visit-to NewYork as the guest of her uncle, Mr.Ollie Steele, of Lexington.Miss Irene Bramblette, of Paris,is a member of a house party beingentertained by the Misses Rynierson,at their country home near Houston-ville.Mrs. Robt. Frank and children,Miss Hallie and Robert Frank, willleave the first of next week for Saranac Lake, New York, to spend several months.Mr. John Davis will leave nextweek to join his wife, who is spending the summer at one of the oldfashioned summer resorts on theNew Jersey coast.Miss Rebecca Claybrook, one ofMaysville's most attractive youngwomen, arrived last night to be aguest of Miss Elise Varden, at herhome on High street.Mrs. J. J. McCarthy entertainedin honor of her guest, Miss "VirginiaBrooks. Delightful music was rendered and dancing indulged in, after which refreshments were served.(Other Personals on Page 3.)YOU'D BETTER WATCH OUT ORTHE POLICE'LL GET YOU!The Paris police are again goingon the trail of the parties who wilfully persist in violating the automobile laws of this city. They will callattention to the fact that in "racing"engines, cutting corners, using "cutout," parking cars on the wrong sideof the street, and other unlawfulacts, the autoists are laying uptrouble for themselves and will besubject to arrest and fines, as provided by the city ordinances. The practice of stopping in front of stores andbusiness house and sounding hornscontinuously until some one comesout to wait on them, is another disagreeable feature that the police willendeavor to stop, as well as manyothers that are well-known to theautoists themselves.DEMOCRATS DETERMINED.From every part of the State wehear that the Democrats are unitedin their determination to elect thenominee, no matter whether he isGov. Black or Judge Carroll. Eachof these candidates has his warmfriends and they are making theirfight before the pripnary, but theywill be all together in November.There is no longer a Beckham orStanley faction, but there will be aunited party at the general electionin November. A prominent Republican has said that Ed Morrow is 10,000 weaker than he was four yearsago, and that element that voted forhim out of spite because McChesneywas not nominated are now in line.ONE-CENT SAXE.Attend the Rexall 1-cent Sale nowgoing on at Varden's. Sale lasts tillFriday. Big bargains. (It)ANNOUNCEMENT.We are authorized to announceJOHN CHRISTMAN as a candidatefor the Democratic nomination forCouncilman fropn the First Ward ofthe City of Paris, subject to the action of the voters in the August primary election.Furnished RoomsTwo nice furnished rooms on firstfloor, suitable for light .housekeeping.Apply at 1412 South Main.(8-3t)$5.00 Reward !Numerous complaints have beenreceived by the police of Paris in regard to young boys, ages from 10 to15 years, congregating and participating in crap games on the sidestreets. In order to break up thispractice, I will offer $5.00 rewardfor sufficient evidence to assist thepolice to convict these boys andbreak up this practice.GEO. W. JUDY,(It) Patrolman.Public SaleOFDesirable Residence!HARRY SIMON'SDRESSESFor Every Summer NeedWhether you are planning a trip or expect to stay intown, this showing of beautful dresses will interest you.And the prices are very alluring when quality and cutare considered.Georgette Crepein white and colors, daintily embroidered and beaded, showingall the newest touches. Ideal for afternoon and evening wear. - -Evening Gownsin Taffeta and Tulle- all shades.Street and Traveling Dressesof Taffeta, the most practical and stylish of costumes. Also thenew Tricolette Sport Suits.Voiles and Organdiesin all the wanted color combinationns cool summer dresses thatare indispensable.Prices Range from $15.00 UpHARRY SIMON224-22S West Main St., Lexington, Ky;II Main Street, Paris, Ky.As agent for the heirs of the lateMiss Belle Mitchell, I will sell atpublic auction, on the prejmises, onPleasant street, onThursday, July 24, 1919,at two o'clock, p. m the desirableresidence of Miss Belle Mitchell, oneof the most desirably located andwell-constructed .modern homes in.ciitv. The residence is a two-storybrick, with slate roof; right side ofthe street; near business center, carlines and churches.This home has all the modern conveniences; good furnace, and is ingood repair. Can1 be seen at anytime by appointment.At the same time and place I willsell the -household effects, comprisingmany useful articles, includingchairs, tables, rugs, carpets, sideboard, dressers, beds, etc.J. T. VANSANT, Agent.Beautify your Hom&vwith ourNew(StylishWallPapers.1 i v ffik, la' Jl 4S i?U7... tTake a look at your old papef& bft the wall and s ,then come in and look at our new, up-to-date wallpapers.You knoW not how many poisonous "germs"lurk hidden in the cracks of your rooms. ; .Be sanitary and beautify your home for your . -family'ssake. And you may have visitors.Buy your Wall paper and things. from us ancU-j& - ;know it is right. - .....:i ii -Uihii,' i -fa ' iTHE J. T. HINTON CO.EITHERmONE 36 PARIS, KENTUCKY SIXTH AND MAINMotor Hearse Motor Invalid Coach Umlertjridnc 'm zi'tVB iM- Medstay at if "" , of inter-M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer.-(8-5it)WAKFIBDD-DAVJS REAITY CO. ara .I? X SSt Others in the party(4-lt)COL""itr' MGISH,,,aaW!Jtfaf,,'wTHE BOUXBOH HEWS, PARIS, KEHTUCKTJMI l !' iwn'WJ TUESDAY JULY 8, 11J.v- -, 1HOT WATERAT THE TURN OF THE TAPAlways ready. Nothing to do but toopen the faucet. The most convenient themost efficient the most gratifying thing amongall modern household conveniences.Heats the fresh water as it runs fromthe main. Opening the faucet startsJLAi ITnMATl faucet is closed. That stops expense.f"A WATFP HFATFR About one cent for ten gallons paysUW Yf MI Ul ntHI LI for this remarkable service.You owe it to your family and yourself to Investigate this won.derful Automatic Water Heater. Let us show it to you.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.iWzlVKMCoinings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.tFor Sale ByT. W. SPIGERSeoTw. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, KytxiIXSHXI.ViI Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4West Fifh StreetIIXIXIXII 23 r ySATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD! 1wiin an ine latest improvements in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we areprepared to do work inferior to none, and solicityour patronage.j The Bourbon Laundry" jxParis, KentuckyThe Home Telephone Your ServantFor Ony a Few Cents Per DayMr. Robt. C. Talbott is in NewYork on a short vacation trip. -Misses Loula and Helen Davisare visiting relatives in St. Louis,Missouri.Mrs. N. A. Moore lias returnedfrom a visit to Mrs., A. B. White, inMt. Sterling.Mrs. E. F. Clay has returnedfrom a visit to her sister, Mrs. Chas.Mehagan, in Chicago.Miss Catherine Lyons, of Cov-ington, is a guest of Miss PearleBrowning, on Cliften Avenue.Mrs. John Hedmon has gone toCarlsbad, New Mexico, to visit hersister, Mrs. Norval Randolph.Miss Alpneta Hinton has returned from Richmond, where she hasbeen a guest of Miss Mattie Perry.Mrs. A. C. Carrice, of Louisville,is visiting her sisters, Mrs. O. R.Foley, and Mrs. J. W. Shearer, onClifton avenue.Miss Mattie Whaley, who hasbeen the guest of Mr. and Mrs. Wm.Hughes and family, in Nicholasville,has returned home.Mrs. Hoffman Wood has returned to her home in Mt. Sterling, after a visit to her father, Mr. H. ClayWhaley, and family.Miss Margaret Hill is a guest ofMisses Elizabeth and Alice Barbour,at the home of Mr. and Mrs. Lee Barbour, near Louisville.Mrs. Spears Moore and son,Spears Miller Moore, and Miss RubyJane Houston are visiting Mrs. J. W.Wise, in Cincinnati.Mr. Edward Shearer and sister,Miss Alice Shearer, have returnedfrom a visit to friends and relativesin London and Livingston.Mrs. B. F. Knox and son, ofWashington City, are guests of relatives in this city. Mrs. Knox wasformerly Miss Julia Howard.Mrs. Roger Q. Thompson anddaughter, Mrs. Katie Graham Cain,and babe, of Clumbia, S. C, areguests of Mrs. John T. Hinton.Miss Margaret Griffith, of Kansas City, Mo., is a guest at the homeof her cousins, Misses Nancy andMargaret Griffith, on Pleasant street.Mrs. Millie Smith, who recentlyunderwent a surgical operation atSt. Joseph Hospital, in Lexington,has returned to her home in thiscity.Mr. and Mis. C. 0. Hinton havereturned from Rochester, Minn.,where Mr. Hinton lias been undertreatment at the Mayo Bros.' Hospital. Mr. W. F. Turner, of the U. S. S.Salem, is spending a thirteen- days'furlough with his parents, Mr. andMrs. W. E. Turner, on Clifton avenue, in this city.Jack Lair and Ralph Connell, ofParis, attended a dance given in Lexington by Miss Ruth Bannister, inhonor of her cousin, Mr. TurpinBannister, of Lima, Ohio.Mrs. William Cooper and twosons, William and Robert, have returned to their home in this city after a visit to Mrs. Cooper's father,Mr. J. B. Litsey, in Harrodsburg.Mr. and Mrs. Kenneth Alexander, who have been spending theirhoneymoon at White SulphurSprings, West Virginia, have arrivedat their home, Woodburn Cottage, inWoodford County.A number of parties are beingformed in Paris for the purpose ofspending several weeks cajmping atthe Boonesboro beach during theheated term. The excellent facilitiesafforded for bathing, Ashing andcamping at the Boonesboro beachwill make the stay of the parties amost agreeable one.(Other Personals on Page 5)oSWIFT & COMPANY'S PA&T INHELPING TO WIN THE WAIt.HELP THE KIDNEYSParisReaders AreWay.Learning TheLet us analyze his qualifications:always on duty, day or night.He is polite, intelligent, willing,He will instantly present to you the grocer, butcher, baker or any ofthe trades-folks, or the doctor, fire department or police in mer-geney.He will go far beyond the confines of the town and bring to you inamazingly short time a member of the family or one of your good prospective customers.He will summons the railroad, boat or theatre ticket in a few seconds. And as to wages, he will only cost you in residence from 6 to 8c perday; in place of business from 10 to 12c per day.Paris Home Telephone TelegraphCompany(Incorp orated)J. J. Yeatch, District Manager. W. H. Gannon, Local Manager.rKt&fi limtraents4 to 7lAHES C. WtUSOH & CO.211 S. Ffth St LIIISI1LLE, KY.Professional Cards.DR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Note and ThroatBOOMS 403-404HRST ffAT'L BANKJBinLDING'JbNi3S ;WM, GRANNANAttorney-at-LawBOOMS 401-402HBSTN NAT'L BANK BUILDINGIt's the little kidney illsThe lame, weak or aching backThe unnoticed urinary disordersThat may lead to dropsy andBright's disease.When the the kidneys are weak,help them with Doan's Kidney Pills,a remedy especially for weak kidneys. Doan's have been used in kidneytroubles for 50 years.Endorsed by 50,000 people endorsed at home.Proof in a Paris citizen's statejment. Mrs. Chas. McCord, S. Pleasantstreet, says: "I have used Doan'sKidney Pills at different times, getting them from Oberdorfer's DrugStore and I have found them a splendid medicine. Whenever my kidneyshave acted irregular or my back hasbeen weak and lame, I have found abox or so of Doan's Kidney Pillssufficient to cure me of the attack."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the sapne thatMrs. McGord had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)oBEUGAN PORT FACILITIESSome of the great accomplishmentsof American business during the warare just beginning to creep to thesurface now that the ban, of censorship has been removed. Every industry devoted a great part of itstime and energy to the manfacture ofsupplies needed not only by the United States but the Allies, and fewpersons not actively engaged in thework realize its extent.The preparation and handling ofjmeat food products was, of course,one of the great necessary industries,and it was fortunate for the countrythat the packing industry .was already mobilized for service long before the Lusitania was sunk.The problem of securing an adequate supply of meat for t the armyand navy caused the governmentless worry than any other majorproblem. All that was necessary forthe government to do was to determine tne requirements ana neea orthe army and navy, and notify thepackers, and tey delivered thethe goods.The jmanner in which the packersmet the emergencies which aroseduring the war is well illustrated inthe case of Swift & Company who inone week filled a government orderfor 32,000,000 pounds of meat andfat. "This necessitated the -dressingof 13,000 cattle and 200,000 hogs,and required 1,000 freight cars totransport.Another instance is found in anorder which was received one Saturday afternoon at five o'clock for 2,000,000 pounds of a special cut ofdry salt meats.'' The war departmentwanted this shipment of 43 carsVirworl nnri nn thp -ivn.v hv thfi follow-Jing Tuesday noon, less than 70hours distant. Swift & Co. had theInst car loaded and rolling: an hourbefore noon on Tuesday.In still another case the Government could get no one to put up freshbutter in tins for overseas shipment.Swift & Company accepted an orderfor 500,000 pounds on May 4, 1918.It was necessary to equip threecieameries with machinery andsupplies, and to organize the help todo work entirely new to them butthe first car was rolling eastward in33 days and a month later the entireorder vas completed.The tremendous total of ?550,000,000 worth of supplies was furnished by Swift & Company alone tothe American and Allied Governments during the war. The peak wasreached in December, 1918, whenthe goods furnished totaled $35,000,000 in this one month.Meats naturally formed the bulk ofsales, but considerable quantities ofwool were furnished the UnitedStates Government, while the Alliespurchased large ajmounts of lard andlard products.'Even if there had been any incliantion on -the part of the packers to"profiteer," this would have been outof the question under the rigid regulations enforced by the Food Administration. With meat prices officially determined by the governmentand with profits limited to a definite percentage, possibility of unfairdealing was removed.The packing industry required nofederal financial aid and additionalfacilities did not have to be constructed by the government such asshipyards for the .ship-builders andadditional factory units for munitionmanufacturers.Over 8,500 employes of Swift &Company answered the call to thecolors and served in practically everybranch of the army and navy. Theyare returning rapidly to civilian lifeand the Company has adopted thefollowing broad policy ,with respectto the re-employment of these men:Every returned soldier or sailor willbe given his old position, or oneequally as good, at a salary or wageequal to the amount "he "was receivingi when he left, or if the rate of pay forhis position has been increased inthe meantime, at the increased rate.Swift & Company and its employessubscribed almost $17,000,000 to thefive war loans and the Company donated over $1,400,000 to the variouswar service organizations. The record for the largest number of subscribers was reached in the FourthLoan, when 53,427 employes boughtbonds.oATTOBflEY GENERAL PALMERUNDERTAKES PROHIBITIONENFORCEMENT.IIMHIIilllllllllllllHIHIIIIIHIMIIIIIIIIIIIMlUThe J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND EMBALMBRSMainand SixthStreetsParis Ky.Day phone 36NlKht r . . 56or Home 286Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourLimousine Invalid Coach'.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.itt M '!' H'tf"M'f f M"M"M"H' 1 ! I' lWhMlW i"H" H HA MAN AND HIS WIFEiS W) MMa" 7 Ovmay both , derive saiisf actionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you,A phone brings us.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40Home Phone 169one per cent, of alcohol will bebrought immediately by the Department of Justice. We propose tomake arrests of persons who violatethe war time prohibition law according to our interpretation thereof.The Department does not intend,however, to be swept off its feet thefirst day that prohibition comes intoeffect. We will proceed in an orderly fashion to establish whether intoxicating beverages prescribed bythe law include those having lessthan 2 per cent, alcohol. All persons violating the law may expectearly and vigorous prosecution."BRIGHTEREVENINGSSTEEAMS STOCKED WITH FINEFOOD FISH.WrLKT5W-While it is but a short time sinceport conditions at Antwerp were deplorable, the docks and quays beingblocked by the large amount of timber left behind by the Germans andby their campaign of ruthless destruction", great changes have alreadybeen made. A large part of the facilities of the port are now in workingorder, steamers drawing twenty-fiveto twenty-six feet being readily accommodated in the docks, and thosedrawing thirty feet, finding plenty ofberthage outside along the quays.Moreover, the Antwerp dry docks-and repair yards are open and working again although the engine shopsthe still suffering from the wholesalerobbery of the Germans. Civilian labor for work along the docks is alsoabundant, and the authorities seemto have agreed to terms that will doaway with any chances of labortroubles. , ; rThe Kentucky Game and Pish Commission car was in Paris last week,in charge of representatives of the ,Commission, at Frankfort. Theydistributed several thousand largeand small mouth bass in the fishingstreams of Bourbon county. Thework was done here under the suDer-vision of Game Warden DouglasThomas, Sr.The protection afforded the youngfish In the streams of the countysince the passage of the law, and .thecreation of the Game and Pish Commission, has 'worked wonderfullywell in making a larger supply offood fish for the local sportsmen.Mr. J. Quincy Ward, of Paris, ishead of the Commission.Under his able administration ofthe duties entrusted to 'him is due theexcellent work of the subordinatesand the general success of this gooddepartment.In the opinion of the AttorneyGeneral it is now unlawful to manufacture or sell wine or beer havingmore than one-half f one per cent,of alcohol, it being maintained bythe Federal Government that wine orbeer containing alcohol in excess ofthat amount is "intoxicating" withinthe meaning of the war-tijme prohibition law. On the other, hand the"wett' interest held that wine or beercontaining two and three-quartersper' cent, of alcohol is not "intoxicating' within the meaning of the lawand, under this theory", ,many thousand of people are' continuing themanufacture and sale of such, beverages. If"the government's view ofthe matter is correct, these peopleare committing a crime against theUnited States, for which, they areliable to fine or imprisonment theyare' sijmply gambling on tnef correctness of their view, garding thematter, Attorney .General Palmerhas made the following announcement: "Test cases on the sale of beverages containingmore than one-half oiTooSouthern Optical Co.IncorporatedManufacturer! of Ptrf ect-Flttlng YSPEaACLES ANDEYE CLASSESKryptokf Artificial EyesInvisible Bifocal Lena4th & Chestnut St.,'LOUISVILLE, KY.Nothing adds to the pleasures-,oi a home, or mnlroo l?- ft.worth living, than a well illuminated nouse.elseSiectrici'tutor CidMingIt's the only satisfactoryXway7lse SetsTor Beating and CookingIt's the only sensible plan..Let Us Fix You UpFor the Use oi JJothElectricity and Gas.Paris Gas & Electric Co.-dnconxoatad)HOMEKILLEDMEATSVealPorkBeefLambIt's the BestTo Be HadHflRGOLENS-Sanitary Meat Market:m' 4 ljj,- j, r-S ,, J tfmi, m' 'JjiJ1.ii i3!.-VTUESDAY, JULY 8; 1919.THE BOTTBBOK HEWS,paris, kehtuctyAouxt -v r r i J"Lift off Corns!Doesn't .hurt a bit and Freezonecot4s only a few cents.RED GROSS KORSEIS GOING HEBEPublic Health Nursing and HomeHygiene Instruction Part ofPeace Time Program.SPEAKS AT CHAUTAUQUA."Nurse the Most Needed Woman Inthe World' Says Miss Jane A. Delano, Director of the Department efNursing of the American Red Cross.i . 1 iIII PI iIII B -III111 BBIII BBBBB1SBB1 ftIII .BSBBBBBBflBBBBBBBBBVBFBH. BBlW TBSbV .BBBSK VBBT Iill .BYBBBWBBBW'BBB'BBVSPBBBBmBBBBBr' -BBBB .BBT 1?" t" U BMIII k ' Jm nflr rmffLm lU V " HI"III u III "f '-& t- ' hi:HI - ' N - &, mhIII ! ' ' "v& - - T - -s Iff 1III ' -- .. - -.'.. mIII -. - HIIII HI 'III IHIII " t IHIII v. ! s- III vII - m ' " - f ' IIIn . - r hjaKXlsilBaVBaBSBSBBSBSjBBil $BHBJGfBSBSBSBSBSBSHBjBSBSBSBSBSflik-&JBBBBBMHeBBBVPseseseBPlPiPSIiBMr't?--.'.BSBSBSBSlHBc&'''SP'BSBSkA yffltsHBMiifHRv?VBBeVPMseBs:'HiseLBBeKSW:deMwiSBBBBBBMro&MiMMaBeBM'ajBZSKlSeBeBesSsBawgBeBeBeBeBJBeBeBSBEeBHBBHws.i1"i ft-I."With, your fingers! You can lift offany hard corn, soft corn, or corn between the toes, and the hard skincalluses from bottom of feet.A tiny bottle of "Freezone" costslittle at any drug store; apply a fewdrops upon the corn or callus. Instantly it stops hurting, then shortlyyou lift that bothersome corn orcallus right off, root and all, withoutone bit of pain or soreness. Truly!No humbug!(T-tf)oPOPULAR BALLPLAYER DEAD.Baseball fans in this city haveheard with genuine regret of thedeath of Leo Angemier, of Louisville,who played on the Frankfort teamin the days of the old BluegrassLeague. Every baseball enthusiastin the Bluegrass has seen Angemierperform behind the bat, and personally he was very popular. He cameto Frankfort in 1909, and his workthere obtained for him a trial withthe Chicago Cubs in 1911. His lastseason was in 1917, when he playeda few games with the Mt. Vernon,Ind., independent club. Angeniireplayed in Paris with the Frankfortteam in many of their games and wasvery well-known to the fans here.oHOW IS THIS?"We offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of Catarrh thatcannot be cured by Hall's CatarrhMedicine.Hall's Catarrh Medicine has beentaken by catarrh sufferers for thepast thirty-five years, and has becomeknown as the most reliable remedyfor Catarrh. Hall's Catarrh Medicine acts through the blood on themucous surfaces, expelling the poison from the blood and healing thediseased portions.After you have taken. Hall's Catarrh Medicine for a short time youwill see a great improvement in yourgeneral health. Start taking Hall's-Catarrh Medicine at once and get ridof catarrh. Send for testimonials,free.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by all Druggists, 75c.(june-adv)oAMERICA'S ITRST BELL.Anne, Queen of Great Britain andIreland, was the giver of the first"bell in America. This bell was unearthed several years ago underneath a stage in the guild hall ofTrinity church, at Newport, R. I. Itis three feet high, and an arrow andinscription show it to have been thepresent of Queen Anne. It bears thedate of 1702, which was the yearQueen Anne succeeded to the throne,following the death of William. Experts declare that it is undoubtedlythe, oldest bell in America, or, atleast, in the northern continent. Itis half a century older than Philadelphia's famous "Liberty Bell,"which was cast in 1753. This is notthe only bell given the Newportchurch by Queen Anne, but the otherwas melted many years ago, and,with other material, cast into thelarge bell now in the church tower.oENERGETIC OLD PARMERJ. K. Evans, who lives in theStewartsville precinct, is ninetyyears of age, but still a hale andhearty man. He is raising a crop onhis farm and able to do most of thework himself. He not only is ableto use a hoe, but follows the plowand was noticed a few days ago plowing corn. Grant County News.INTERURBAN" SCHEDULECARS LEAVEXexineton Por Paris PorParis LexinertonA. M. 6.0 Ox A. M. 6:45A. M. 7:20 A. M. 7:15xA M. 8:50 A. M. 8:15A. M. 10:20 A. M. 9:45A. M. 11.50 A. M. .11:15P. M. 1:20 P. M. 12:45P. M. 2:50 P. M. 2-15P. M. 4:20 P. M. 3:45P. M. 6:00" P. M. 5:15P. M. 7:20 P. M. 6:50P. M. 9:10 P- M. 8:15P. M. 11:00 P. M. 10:05(x) Daily except Sunday.KENTUCKY TRACTION AND TERMINAL COMPANY-CAHAL BROS.BARBER SHOPPrompt and Courteous Attention toPatrons.To place the public health on ahigher plane than It has ever been isthe object of & national program undertaken by the American Red Crossas part of its peace time plan. Fromcoast to coast and from lakes to gulfthe Red Cross is spreading the gospelof good health and of the proper ,careof the sick by fostering the study andpractice of nursing, both by organized"public health activities and by members of .the family in every home.Through the Chautauqua an officialrepresentative of the Red Cross Department of Nursing will soon tell thepeople of this community the story ofwhat Is being done and will ask theirco-operation.One of the great lessons of the worldwar Is found In the unnecessarily lowstandards of physical health revealed.This was brought out most forcibly Inthe great number of rejections ofyoung men called to the colors underhe Selective Service Law. Recordsshow that throughout the UnitedStates one-third of the young men examined for military service were disqualified from bearing arms for theircountry through minor physical defects, a large proportion of whichmight have been avoided by compulsory school examination and propermedical and nursing care.Urgent Need of Nurses.Further proof of the general urgentneed of women trained in nursing wassupplied by the epidemics of Spanishinfluenza that have caused terrificloss of life and suffering throughoutthe country. Hundreds of thousandsof persons died, and in many communities the plague spread without anyadequate means of checking it becauseof the impossibility of obtalaing women capable of caring for the victims.Reports show that many persons actually died without attention becausethe overworked doctors could notreach them all, nurses could not befound who knew what to do, andneighbors feared to go near the helpless patients.The uselessness and danger of sucha waste of "human power" is only tooapparent, for the health and strengthof a nation can only be measured bythe health and strength of Its people.Recognizing the fact that the cm ofthe whole situation lies in giving everycommunity the means of building upits own nursing strength, the American Red Cross, in co-operation withthe various Chautauquas, is sendingbroadcast the message that none canafford to, ignore.Phases of Public Health Nursing.Public health nursing includes manyphases, such as bedside nursing, Inwhich the nurse visits the patientsand gives them hourly care as necessary; school nursing; care of expectant mothers, babies and small children ; work In factories and Industrialcenters; rural nursing, and instruction in Red Cross courses, home hygiene, home dietetics, care of the sick,and various other ferstfs ef community service.To all Americas women the RedCross sends this message:"If you are interested in nursingas a profession, enter one of the training schools for nurses, many of whichoffer scholarships, and specialize 1bpublic health work. If yen are already a graduate nurse and anxiousto enter this field, the Red Cross hasscholarships and loam funds whichwill equip you for this work. Wivesand mothers are urged te take the RedCross Course of Instruction in Home,Hygiene and Care of the Sick so thatthey will be able to maintain to thehighest degree the health andto nursemembers of their household in time ofminor illnesses."Throughout the length and breadthof the land the American Red Cross,spreading the gospel of good health, Issounding a call to American women toadopt the study of nursing, either tojoin a profession which is daily becoming more highly valued or to fitthemselves for nursing in the home.The Red Cross lecturer soon to appear here will help her hearers visualize the remarkable history of nursingservice at home and abroad and willexpound the ideals of health conservation so often neglected in many communities. Supplementing the sentimental side of nursing, the mothertouch, the lecturer will give a demonstration of efficiency in the sick room.Modern methods of sanitation and scientific handling of the individual sickand of epidemics will also be outlinedto her audience.NURSES FOLLOWED THE ARMY."For four years," declares Miss JaneA Delano, Director of the Departmentof Nursing of the American Red Cross,"wherever the armies of Europe andAmerica have gon the Red Crossnurses followed. Now that peace hascome, she Is still the most need?d woman in the world, for it is her privilege to lead in a great nation-widecrusade against the ignorance and neglect which allows epidemics, and dls-m fh-vita.lltv and tie ii' of our citizen." j' BSJBBBBBBB fBBWMISS ELIZABETH M. HUNT.Miss Elizabeth M. Hunt, an American Red Cross nurse who has just beenreleased from the Army Nurse Corps,will lecture at the White and MeyerChautauqua here regarding her experiences as chief nurse of the Edgewood Arsenal, Edgewood, Maryland.Miss Hunt, whose home is in Georgetown, Kentucky, has had nursing experience in France and Rome and as apublic health nurse in southern Kentucky. When the war was declaredshe was assigned through the RedCross to the Army Nurse Corps, andwas placed In charge of the nurses atthe Edgewood Base Hospital Arsenal,which is one of the largest manufacturing plants for 'high explosive shellsIn the country. Here she took care ofthe workmen who were gassed andburned In filling the shells and making"liquid fire and mustard gasThe Razor in History.In tracing the history of shaving itshould be sufficient togo back to theGreeks and Romans, upon whose civilization our own is based. Beards werehighly esteemed among the former upto the time of Alexander the Great,who was smooth shaven. One reasonfor the, abolition of the beard amongsoldiers was the, fact that it affordedthe enemy something to lay hold of.At an earlier period the wearing ofcertain types of helmet and gorget hadprotected the beard. The Romans worebpards down to the time of the Gallicwars, while the Gauls, albeit barbarians, were smooth haven save for themustache. The antiquity of barbelshops and razors in Rome lb variousljgiven by historians. Some haveclaimed that the first barber shop, atleast in that part of the world, wasopened in Sicily in 300 B. C, whileother authorities make this date farearlier or later. The Sicilian seems tohave been the first barber.Lucky Kiss.A man named Winch, a butcher ofSydney, N. S. W recently took theliberty of kissing a handsome girl whowas one of his customers. She resented the affront, and Winch wasprosecuted. He was fined heavily bythe board of magistrates, and lengthynotices of the case appeared In thepress. The publicity given to the proceedings happened to attract the notice of a firm of solicitors In Sydney,who had been appointed trustees ofcertain property which had been leftto Winch by a distant relative someyears before, the solicitors up t) thenhaving been unable to find any traceof the missing heir. Winch was communicated with by the firm, and, having duly established his Identity, became the possessor of a snug littlefortune.A Truthful Grocer.I presume these eggs are strictlyfresh?" suggested the housewife as shepoked around in her pocketbook for adollar bill."Well, they we;e strict in theiryouth," responded the truthful grocer,"but eggs is like a great many people,you know. Some of 'em kinder relaxesas they gets older, ma'am."MICKIE SAYSWHEN VOUME SEKVf OUTA BUNCH O' STATE tA-VS-TO 0StAM-V SU6SC.lBEfcSAMD NOU GT T' rtOKilEbV-fOM"tO fHEM ATT A-i-,'n -Then -Two er ThreeOANS LA1ER VOU &G-IMTCxT Ak LOTTA FRIEMPLNLETTERS YJTH CHECKS Hdrafts tu 'ew, OH, SONAIN'T VX A ORANP A4DGLOft-t-OUS FEELtM'CHAtXXS2ZZs "iPi4,' -RUGGLES16 Bank Row, Paris, Ky. ' HIi flIII ' BlI mhi niIII IbiIII 111III ' HI 'STOHY OF HOW CHAMPION WILL&RD MET DEFEAT.RINGSIDE, TOLEDO, OHIO, July4. Jack Dempsey in three bloodyrounds during which the issue wasnever in doubt attained the world'spremier fistic honors by defeatingJess Willard.In the first round Dempsey senthome a body blow from which the bigfellow never recovered. The gongalone saved Willard from defeat inthis round.Willard who towered above hisantagonist like a lighthouse over atugboat, acted like a sick man. Hewas beaten and knew it. He swungwildly and feebly while his relentless antagonist pounded home blowafter blow like a great riveting machine. Dempsey said : "I told you I wouldknock him out in the first round, andto all intents and purposes that iswhat I did."There were cries of "stop it! stopit" and "it's murder!" Juimuic iv iaoi vuu iiic iiuiu iuuuu,Willard sank in his corner where hewas given Aromatic Spirits of Ammonia. He revived, tried to smileand then his seconds surrendered the :match. Willard said:, j"In the first round, when Demp- jsey hit me with a left hook, I tried 'hard to continue, but Ijwas rapidlylosing my strength. My eye wasclosed at the end of the third round,and I realized that it would be useless for me to continue, as I couldhardly see. It is hard to admit defeat, but Dempsey is the hardestpuncher I ever faced."RINGSIDE, TOLEDO, July 4.Jess Willard and Jack Dempsey methere this afternoon in a schedule 12round boxing match for the heavyweight championship of the world.The 80,000 seats of the arena werelittle more than half filled.The thermometer stood at 115 debut a puffy breeze gave occasional slight relief.Men In Ring.Dempsey was the fust to enter thering. It was just three minutes to Ifour. He choose the corner with thesun at his back. Big Bill Tate, thesparring partner, kept the sun offthe challeneffir.Willard came into the ring a minute later. The champion was alsouppercut to Dempsey's jaw andumbrella. Willard was seconded byWalter Monahan, Ike O'Neil, JackHempel and Kay Archer, his businessmanager.Manager Jack Kearns was incharge in Dempsey's corner. He wasassisted by Jack Malone, James Kid,"Denver" Jack Dyer, Bill Tate andTrainer Jimmy Deforest.ine rignt y Rounw.ROUND ONE Willard landed thefiist blow, a light left to the head.The champion landed a right and leftto the head. Dempsey hooked a leftto Willard's stomach. Dempsey knock-1ed Willard down with a right to thejaw twice. The champion took ac-count oi it eacn time, ana wnen negot up Dempsey knocked him downwith swing to the jaw. The challenger -tore into him and knockedhim down flooring him with rightsand left to the chin for a third knockdown. W;ilrH in fhp ramr. onndinp- hisiaw with ririits and lefts. The cham-!pion's right eye was closed from the ly depends upon the Income of theblows Dempsey landed. , proposer. Boston TranscriptDempsey walked around Willard, jcarefully measuring him with rights -and lefts to the jaw. Willard seemed UJtE WAY.dazed. Dempsey put three lefts to the .bad eye. Willard landed a feeble There one way in which most ofupnercut. Willard's eye was rapidly us (may get daylight saving for ourclosing. Dempsey had to be called s!lves. if we, so desire. We can. beback into the ring for the second gm pur work an hour earlier. Whatround because he thought he had won would there be. to prevent the em-l the fight. Willard staggered to hiscorndr at the end of the secondround.ROUND THREE Dempsey hitwiiio 4-ria xrriii loffc fft ip iaw.Dempsey sent rights, to the jaw andTHE McCORMICKImproved Mowers1 TCnTr TiiiiiMTnrrrTif t i th tmhifSave Time, Labor, Troubleand Moneyby using the Improved McCormick Mower. It does thework and does it right. McCormick users have notrouble or worry.C. S. Ball GarageFourth and Pleasant Streets,, f . . fh h d Demnsev backed thechampion to the ropes and hammeredjnjm th lefts and rights to the jawI nTUi bndv. Demnsev nut a rieht andief t to the head and had the blood Istreaming from the champion'sm0uth. Willard landed a stinging'protected from the blazing sun by annemnsev retaliated with a left to theiaw.The challenger although unmarkedwas covered with blood which pouredfrom Willard's mouth, Dempsey hitthe champion with a right and left.oTht Ma,n ChnCThe outcome of a proposal frequent-Pioyes oi a smgie iactory irom-vot-in& u siarx operations tnat muchearlier during ther summer months?The employes of a store or any otherestablishment mierht concefvablv dothe samgthing;Eye Examination!We use in our examination of theyes the OPTHALMOMETER, tieOPTHAL.MOSCOPE, RETINOSCOPBand many other instruments combiaed with the trial case. We alsomane trans-iiiuminary ana bloodpressure tests.We specialize In theFITTING OF KRYPTOKS,The invisible bifocal lenses. vCharges moderate to all.Dr. Wm. Riley FrankliSuite 203-204 First National BamfcBoth Phones. Paris. Ky.From Couity to County i15 Miiutes ByTRAaiON EXPRESSKy.Trtctioi 4 TemtuICViv?S I5-i. A.f' tl-kjtof."'--u'IV5"-HOT AJTD COLD BATHSyt I" I .V wrzfizrrrr -v-r ttzt r , p- - ;rv t . ,l." ,'" ' -a "f , ' i. ' r ."' . -ifi EIGHTTHE , BOUBBOH HEWS, BASIS, KEHTTTCXTTUESDAY, JULT 8, 151.The Alamo Theatre Afa75EvcninSADMISSIONAdults Ticket 1 Sc; War Tax 2c 3dcChildren Ticket 9c; War Tax 1 c-1 0c. -M ''TO-DAY, TUESDAYEnid BennettIN"Pardncrs Three"She was cold to all love; she had worked in the cabarets too long toI think that there was such a thing-.jThen a real man came on the scorched Arizona desert. Blase as shewas--that's the big surprise in "Partners Three." Don't miss this one.ALSOWilliam Duncan,nBeoi"The Man of Might"and Harold Lloyd Comedy, "Young Mr. Jazz":MILLERSBURGOSee the nice line of overalls atCaldwell's.Mr. Henry Patterson continuesabout the same.If you are looking for shoes, youwant the Wear-U-Well at Caldwell's.Miss Dorothy Peed is at homefrom New York on a few weeks' visit.Mrs. J. O. Ralls has returned after a few weeks' visit to relatives atMt. Sterling.The Millersburg- Coal & LumberCo. are installing a ten-ton AutoTruck Scales.Mr. J. F. McDaniel and familywere guests Friday of Mr. AlfredBatterton and family at Little Rock.Mr. Lee Clarke, of Louisville,was the guest of his parents, Mr. andMrs. J. S. Clarke, from Friday untilSunday.Mr. F. B. Peterson and family,moved Thursday from the part of thehopie of Miss Margaret B. Clarke tothat of Miss Lannie Layson.4 Mrs. W. M. Miller and sons leftSaturday for a visit to her sister,Mrs. B. L. Buffington, at Columbus,., where they will spend the remainder of. the sumpier.Quite a number of our peoplespent the Fourth of July out of town.The postoffice and banks were closedduring the day. Most of the business houses closed in the afternoon.ANNOUNCEMENTRev. R. E. Boggs, the blind evangelist, of Aberdeen, Ohio, will holdgospel services on Main street, inMillersburg, to-night (Tuesday) ateight o'clock. Rev. Boggs is an eloquent speaker. Everybody is invited to hear him.' The Chautauqua season is nowon. The Millersburg ChautauquaTilt open Monday, July 14th. Itpromises to be one of the best we have. ever- had. If it surpasses last year,it will he more than good. Let every-XHLe come to the rescue of the promotors. Tickets can be secured at- any time from any member of theTicket Comjmittee, of which Mr. E.M: Thomason is chairman. They canalso he secured at the Millersburg- Coal and Lumber office and the gro-eery of R. M. Caldwell. Anything-you want to know about it use yourtelephone, and you can get the desired information from any of the:abve named. See Friday's issue forIbje complete program.GKagOBT:.saxuRY, health, noBETTER REFRIGERATOR MADE? .The New Iceberg Refrigeratorsaves ice. Special price atA. F. WHEELER & CO.,(27-tf) Opp. Court House.o :'AMERICA DEVOURING EUROPE'SART TREASURES;3 '(New York World)America's absortion of the world'sstock of diamonds continues to excite concern in Europe. Londonalone in the first five months of theyear sent us $15,000,000 worth ofthem, nearly double the amount forthe corresponding period of 1918 andrepresenting 65 per cent, of the supply of uncut stones. Buyers for American jewelry firms are also reportedas oil their way to Russia to procurehitherto7 unobtainable gems.Is this country soon to have a monopoly on diamonds? Figures published a year ago indicated that itthen possessed more than half of theworld's visible supply, and war conditions are certain to increase exportations of the precious stones tothis market.They seem destined also to swellthe- export or works of art to thiscountry, a drift which had createdapprehension in England before thewar began. In the case of a celebrated portrait by Sir Joshua Rey' nolds, soon to be placed on sale bythe Duke of Westminster, the artcritic of a London newspaper warnsEnglish collectors against "the artdevouring monster of the West."No Aoubt that art-devouring monster will gulp down, other preciousthings besides diamonds and pictures.Where the money is, there will themarket be. But the process has economic aspects which outweigh thesentimental. Europe in parting withits gems and artistic treasures is exchanging collateral for cash orcredit, and the transaction helps tortore the equilibrium disturbed bythenar..MATRIMONIAL.A marriage license was issuedSaturday from the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton to Mr. Russell O.Pettit and Miss Maria Richardson,both giving Cincinnati as their placeof residence.RICHARDSON PETTIT.Miss Marian Richardson, onlydaughter of Mr. and Mrs. Sam Richardson, of Cincinnati, and, Mr. Russell O. Pettit, also of Cincinnati, weremarried at the home of Mr. and Mrs.Thomas Sadler, on Vine Street, Saturday evening at 7:30 o'clock, Rev.R. C. Goldsmith, pastor of the ParisBaptist church, officiating. The youngcouple secured license here Saturdayafternoon. They returned to Cincinnati, Sunday morning.WILLIAMS MOORE.Wednesday evening at 6 o'clockthe marriage if Miss Jane Williams,of -Frankfort, to Mr. Rogers ThomasMoore, of Lexington, will be solemnized at the home of Judge and Mrs.B. G-. Williams, at Frankfort. Mr.Moore is the son of Mr. Thomas E.Moore, Jr., of Hazard, formerly ofBourbon county, and has made hishome in Lexington since a child withhis grandparents and aunts, Captainand Mrs. Moore, Mrs. J. E. Cassidyand Miss Minnie Moore. He was aFirst Letutenant in the war serviceand is now in business at Hazard,where he has coal interests andwhere he and his bride will live.Mrs. Cassidy, Miss Laura Cassidyand Miss Marian. Moore, sister of thebridegroom-elect will go to Frankfort on Wednesday for the wedding.Mr. Edward Bassett, Jr., of Lexington, will be the best man and theothers of the wedding party will beMiss Henrietta Roberts, of FrankforC,maid of honor; Misses Elise Smith,of Amarillo, Texas, bridesmaid;Ruth and Anna Howard Williams,ribbon bearers.MONEY RIGHT IN YOUR HANDFOR EGGS, POULTRYAND JUNK.Highest cash price for eggs,poultry, hides and junk.MUNICH & WIDES CO.,(11-tf) Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.HAIL INSURANCE.Insure your tobacco againsthail withYERKES & PEED.Prompt and satisfactory adjustments. (june20-tf)oEGGS AS HUMAN EOODThere is no other single elementof human diet of either animal orvegetable character which is, perhaps, more commonly used the worldover, nor served for the uses of manin a greater variety of styles andways than are eggs; andr while theegg of the common barnyard chickenis the one most generally and universally used, a complete list of thedifferent kinds and varieties of eggswhich are somewhere subjected to thedietary uses of man must include arange extending from the ostrich tothe insect must mention ostrich,turkey, goose, duck, guinea fowl,chicken, seagull, murre, heron, seaswallow, many land birds, alligator, turtle, terrapin, lizard, serpent,fish and even insect.Where ostriches are raised as animportant industry in both the United States and South Africa, ostricheggs are used as human food and saidto be of an excellent quality. Turkeyeggs are used as a diet, but they aregenerally far too valuable for breeding purposes to permit of their extensive dietary use. Goose, duck andguinea eggs are more or less extensively used as elements of humanfood, the last-named being especiallyprized for delicacy of flavor. Turtleeggs, of both fresh and water and saltwater varieties, are highly prized asa diet in most of the countries andsections in which they are foundabundantly, and the eggs of the terrapin are usually served, not separately as such, but along with theflesh or meat, when prepared forthe table, while sturgeon eggs andshad roe are the most common instances of the use of fish eggs as human diet; but the eggs of the alligator, of the lizzard, of the snake,and even of some insects, are usedas human food by some races whichare without the prejudices of ourWestern civilization.TO-MORROW, WEDNESDAYJohn BarrymoreIN"The Test of Honor"He had only two choices; which should he take? Go to jail himself, for seven years, for a crime of which he was guiltless orSend to jail, for seven years, the woman that he loved, but who wasguilty of the basest cripne within the ken of man.Which did he take? Which would you take?rAlso Bis V Comedy"TOOTSIES AND TAMALES"and Bray PictographIDEATHS.BURDIN.Mrs. John H. Burdin, aged sixtyeight, wife of Rev. John H. Burdin,for many years a resident of Paris,died at her home near the Forks ofElkhorn, in Franklin county, Sundaynight after a long illness. She 'issurvived by her husband, two daughters, Mrs. J. L. Lee, of Steadmantown, and Mrs. Margaret Singer, ofHarrodsburg; and four sons, LutherE. Burdin, of Louisville, Frank Burdin, of Frankfort, Paul Burdin andJohn Burdin, of the Forks of Elkhorn. The funeral was held yesterday afternoon at three o'clock in thechapel of the Frankfort Cemetery,followed by burial on the family lot.MITCHELL.Dr. S. E.' Mitchell, one of theoldest physicians in the county, andperhaps in this section of the State,died at the Massie Memorial Hospital,in this city, at five o'clock Sunday afernoon, after a long illness of uraemic poisoning. Dr. Mitchell at thetime of his death, was in his eightyfifth year.Dr. Mitchell had been an activepracticioner of medicine in the NorthMiddletown vicinity for many years.Leaving there he went to Texas,where he practiced successfully aa number of years, then returned toKentucky again, where he resumedhis practice. He opened an office inParis, but his active participation inthe work was not of very long duration, and he retired from practice.For some time he has been residingin the country, and was brought tothe Massie Memorial Hospital a shorttime ago. He has relatives in Florida and Missouri, as well as in Kentucky. The funeral will take place in theParis Cemetery this afternoon, atthree o'clock, with services conducted at the grave by Mr. A. L.' Boatright, of the Paris Christian church.-i oONE-CENT SALE.Attend the Rexall 1-cent Sale nowgoing on at Varden's. Sale lasts tillFriday. Big bargains. (It)U. S. HAS GOLD MARKET PRACTICALLY CORNERED.Already possessed of the greatestsingle stock of gold in history, theUnited States could lay claim to-dayto most "oi the remaining free goldof the world in payment of its favorable merchandise balance, the Federal Reserve Bulletin will say in itsJuly issue. The, balance approximated $9,000,000,000 in the lastthree years and bids fair to continueat the same rate this year, affordinga problem to arrange payments without bankrupting debtor nations andstill further enhancing the cost ofliving here through the importationof more metal.Under the gold embargo, which re-cently was lifted, making the UnitedStates practically the only free goldmarket in the world, the federal reserve board issued 1,142 licenses forthe evpont of $152,326,976 of goTdand 1,500 licenses for the shipmentof $502,756,003 in silver. About 755applications of all classes were Reclined. HOW MONEY GROWS.An interesting display made recently in a St. Louis Bank windowshowed sixteen quarters, a dime andtwo pennies under the legend "Today," while an arrow pointed frcjathis money to another legend, "NehvYear's Day, 1924." with exactly sixteen quarters, a dime and two cents,then an equal mark, followed by aWar Savings Stamp and the arrowppinted to a $5.00 bill under thecoins on the opposite side. This wasa graphic way of showing that $4.12in itself would not grow at all during five yars, whereas invested inThrift Stamps it will earn nearly another dollar.NOT TO BE EXPECTEDIt was not to be expected that anyspecial commission of Germans, leastof all one whose membership wasmade up principally of military andnaval officers, would find that the execution of Capt. Fryatt, of the British merchant marine was in violationof international law, nor is there anyevidence that the Germans recognizein the ruthless submarine campaign,in which thousands of non-combat-tantswere murdered, anything to beregretted except in so far as theTripitz methods in their politicalconsequences proved disastrous. sUNCLE SAM'S MONEY XOOKSMIGHTY GOOD TO THESOLDIER BOYSJust how gbod American moneylooks to a man away from home isillustrated in the story told by oneof those boys in khaki who fought inFrance in the war for the preservation of civilization and who afterwards saw service across the borderin Germany.Sergt. H. H. Coffee was attachedto Company G., 45th Infantry, andfor six months was at Frier, Ger(many, 30 miles from Luxemburg.Now he is back in old Missouri andfills a desk at the Western Newspaper Union."While we were in France," saidSergt. Coffee, "we were paid inFrench money. And afterward,when we were in Germany, we werepaid in German money."The difference in the French andGerman money, as compared withUnited States money is amazing. Itis printed on white paper, of an inferior quality and one gets an awfulwad of it for a comparatively smallquantity of American money."When we got this foreign stuffthe boy3 were very liberal with it.They would gamble with it, wouldlend it and handle it very carelessly.But when we got to Brest, on ourway home and all that bum moneywas exchanged for real Americanmoney, all that liberality disappearedand it was guarded zealously."That is one of the lessons the warhas taught. American (money, any(promise to pay on the part of Uncle !Reap Your Harvest NowWe offer the most marvelous values of the season! All thenew styles the latest creations in footwear, combiningStyle, Quality and Workmanshipat prices only our system of merchandising can offer.Get Your Share of These Wonderful Bargains.The Savings Are Big.SPECIALLadies' White Canvas PumpsLouis Covered Heel, $3.00 valuesatIFSCH t! ,SUus "!&-i&mLadies' White Sea Island Canvas tfo qqPumps, Col., or plain Louis heel s77Ladies' Dark Tan English Ox- fco a qfords at npO.tVLadies' Dull Kid English rto qqOxfords at ty&.WLadies' Patent Kid Pumps djo qMisses' and Chilldren's Shoes, Slippers and BarefootSandals at Lowest PricesParis' Greatest Shoe StoreTHURSDAY, JULY 10thLadies' DayConstance TalmadgeIN"The Veiled Adventure"Also Arbuckle Comedy"Fatty and the Bathing Beauties"and PatheMnff Two ladies will be admitted forone ticket, plus two cents war tax,on Thursday of eachSam, is mighty valuable in the eyesof a loyal, red-blooded, patrioticAmerican.That is why the Liberty Bondsfound so ready a market, and that iswhy the War Savings Stamps lookjust like money. They are moneywith this added, the Government paysinterest on a $5.00 War SavingsStamp while it does not on a $5.00bill. They are both simply evidencesof indebtedness on Uncle Sam's partand his written promise to pay.There is no record yet that he everfailed to meet an obligation.oSUMMER NECESSITIES IN FURNITURE AT REDUCED PRICESA big reduction on all summergoods, such as refrigerators, oilstoves, ovens, porch shades, porchfurniture, porch rugs, etc. All thisseason's goods and of the best makes,but must be sold to make room forfall goods big reductions duringJuly.E. M. WHEELER,(1-tf) Robneel Building.oREAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSEighty acres of land, located onthe Nichalosville pike, near Lexington, recently brought $1,250 an acre.The purchasers were J. Oscar Hedgesformerly of North Middletown', andRobert S. Byars, of Lexington. Theywill subdivide the land in residentialtracts to he sold at public and privatesale.WALK-OVERij,j: Oxfords and Pumpsiliifof All DescriptionsAt Bargain Prices!$99Men's Dark Tan English Oxfords, c ri Abench made, at P& UUMen's White Canvas Oxfords, 0O ACkWalk-Overs, at pO.VMen's Gun Metal English Oxfords, fco CAWalk-Over, at 45.DUMen's and Boys' Black Shoes and o qqOxfords, welts, at pWDAN COHENReview.weekA NAVAL BAROMETERDirections for converting a burnedout incandescent light bulb into abarometer that will foretell changesin the weather with remarkable success are given in the Youth's Companion. Place a discarded bulb under water in a deep basin, and afterprotecting the hands against dangerfrom broken glass, break off thepointed bit of glass at the very endof the bulb with a pair of pliers.As soon as an opening is made inthe glass the bulb will fill with water, which rushes in to take the placeof the vacuum. Tie a cord or stoutstring about the neck of the bulb andhang it on a hook or nail. If theweather is to be fine no water willdrop from the hole at the bottom ofthe bulb. When the water begins tobulge out of the opening until dropsfall from the bulb you may expecta change in the weather. Atmospheric pressure governs the action ofthis simple barometer. When thepressure increases a sign of fairweather it rushes the water backfrom the mouth on the bulb, and nodrop can fonm; when it falls, the water expands through the opening until a few drops fall. As lower pressure nearly always proceeds a changeof weather, a drip from the bulbusually indicates a coming storm.MONEY RIGHT IN YOUR HANDPOR EGGS. POULTRYAND JUNK.Highest cash price for eggs,poultry, hides and Junk.MUNICH & WIDES CO.,(11-tf) Eighth Street. Paris, Ky.2-feWhere Beauty and Economy Reignitr -4 I-Vi i-