-- - T-THENEWS' y,f .i?si,itr,WPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.war tVOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, AUGUST 22, 1919S9: .. 'BOURBONHEXICANS CONTINUE DEVILTRY ;AMERICAN SOLDIERSPURSUING.WASHINGTON, Aug. 21. Mexi-can border raids and depredations bybandits directly across the border,evidence from official sources showed, will in the future bring troubleupon the United States.The present punitive expedition, ledby Major General Joseph T. Dickman,commander of the Southern department, it was learned, constitutes thefirst working out of the new policy,which one official characterized as"handling the border nuisance without gloves."The border guard, it was said, wasequipped admirably for such, workwith swift, moving cavalry, machinegun sections and airplanes stationedat detachment points along the RioGrande.Interest in the search of the EighthCavalry which crossed the borderTuesday for the bandits who heldLieutenants H. G. Peterson and PaulN. Davis, for ransom, continued intense at the War Department.Possibility that the American soldiers already have had the firstskirmish with the bandits was indicated Tuesday night when two aviators returned to the American sidewith bullet holes in the plane oftheir machine and a report that theyhad been attacked by three Mexicans, one of whom they believed theykilled with machine bullets. Anotherwas believed to have been woundedand the third put to flight.WASHINGTON, Aug. 21. Mexican Ambassador Bonillas has beenurged by the Mexican Consul atPresidio, Texas, to obtain from theWar Department an order for withdrawal of the American forces nowin Mexico. The Consul's telegram,made public at the Embassy saidthat since Mexican Federal troopswere in pursuit of the bandits whichheld two American aviators for ransom, withdrawal of the Americantroops would "avoid difficulties."MARFA, TEXAS, August 21. TenAmerican observation airplanes withmachine guns mounted are leadingthe four troops of the Eighth Cavalryacross the border from Candelaria,Texas, in pursuit of the Mexicanbandits who captured LieutenantsPeterson- and Davis, army aviators,and "held them for ransom.Four planes went with the cavalrywhen the troops crossed the line,four more were sent from El Pasoand two from McAllen.WASHINGTON, Aug. 21. Another case of the kidnaping of anAmerican citizen by Mexican bandits who demanded ransom was announced by the State Department.He was a Porto Rican doctor, whowas taken prisoner July 22. Theransom was to have been paidAugust 15, but the department hasnot been advised whether he hadbeen released.SAN FRANCISCO, CALB7., Aug.21. Mrs. Adele S. De Niemeyer, whoarrived on the steamer Newport,declared that her husband, who shesaid was a Mexican mining engineer,and several other engineers werekilled by Mexican bandits on atrain near Salina Cruz.Mrs. De Niemeyer, who said shewas an American, declared the bandits stripped the women and childrenof money and jewels before killingthe men.Captain C. J- Holland, master ofthe Newport, said Mrs. De Niemyer'sstory was confirmed by the agent ofthe Pacific Mail Steamship Companyat Salina Cruz. Captain Hollandsaid he did not know the number ofmen killed.MARFA, Tex., Aug. 21. CaptainLeonard Matlack, of the 8th Cavalry,has captured two Mexicans believedto have been implicated in the capture of aviators Peterson and Davis.This information was brought to theborder by an American, cavalry sergeant and a guard of enlisted menwho returned to the Rio Grande tonight. tarrDTurnvKTT CV NEW SCHOOLBOOKS DELAYED.Dealers have been advised thatschool books cannot "be shipped before Sept. 1 to 10, on account ofstrikes, railroad embargoes and other delays. The central supply houseshave orders ahead enough to keepthem busy for 30 days after thebooks arrive. There is, therefore, little prospect of early delivery.oAUTO ACCIDENT.When the emergency brake refusedto work, the automobile which Mr.C. T. Franklin, of Lexington, wasdriving out East Main street, in thiscity, Wednesday, went over a ninefoot embankment, colliding with atelephone pole and was considerablydamaged. Mr. Franklin escaped injury. The car was sent to a localgarage for repairs.DEMOCRATIC MASS MEETING ATCOURT HOUSE AUGUST 30.In accordance with an order fromthe Democratic State Central Committee the Democrats of Bourboncounty will assemble in mass meeting at the court house in this city,at u:3U o'ciock, Saturday, August 3UThe meeting will be held for the purpose of selecting delegates and alternates to attend the Democratic StateConvention, to be held in Louisville,on Thursday, Sept. 4, for the purposeof adopting a platform on which theDemocratic party shall go to the people of the State in the fall campaign,1919, for State offices. The meetingIs authorized by Mr. W. D. Mcln-tyre, County Chairman. All Democrats are urged to be present.Hon. Thos. S. Rhea has been unanimously chosen to manage the campaign, with authority to select anycommittees that he may deem necessary to help him. The Republicanshave been holding up the starting oftheir campaign until after this convention, which we predict will givethem enough to talk about for thecoming months before the election.-oSUSTAINS PAINPUL INJURY.As the result of an accident whichoccurred in the shops of the TemplinLumber Co., in this city, yesterdaymorning, Mr. Grant Owsley, propri- Jetor of the Owsley restaurant at thecorner of Seventh and Main streets,sustained a serious injury to his face,which may confine him to his roomfor several days.Mr. Owsley was having someblocks sawed to go underneath a refrigerator at his place of business,and was assisting Mr. Mike Boyle,carpenter, in operating the cut-offsaw. In some way the plank he washolding slipped and struck the rapidly revolving saw. The jagged edgeof the board was thrown violentlyinto his face, cutting a deep gash,and throwing him to the floor. Mr.Boyle summoned medical assistanceand Mr. Owsley's injuries were givenattention. It required fourteenstitches to close the wound.oNEW DAM RAPIDLY APPROACHING COMPLETION.According to Mr. Peter Humphries,foreman of the construction work inprogress on the new dam at theParis Milling Co.'s plant, the workwill.be practically completed in lessthan ten days, provided there are "nosetbacks in the way of adverseweather.The workmen have been working(part of the time in three shifts andthe construction has progressed sofar that some of the "forms!' thatenclose the concrete have been removed. Two sections have alreadybeen completed, and the third is wellunder way. When the fourth sectionis completed and the dam is all inreadiness the big gates of the storage dam of the Paris Water Co., atSpears Mill will be opened and aflood of water will be let down.This will be a test of the stayingpowers of the new structure, whichbids fair to rank as one of the bestof its kind in the State.HAIL INSURANCE.Hail insurance on tobacco.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.june24-tf)oPARIS NEGRO, ALLEGED DESERTER UNDER ARRESTHarry Barton, aged thirty-two, aParis negro, went into the army to"do his bit" against Germany in thelate world-war. He hoped to go toFrance and proudly marched tway tojoin the colors. But he didn't getfar. His trip ended at Camp Knox,and the signing of the armisticefound him in Company 8 of the Development Battalion. There he remained until December 23, when, itis alleged, he took "French leave."He did not return, and the authorities of Paris and Lexington were notified to be on the lookout for him.At six o'clock Wednesday morningBarton was located in a house onNorth Upper street, in Lexington,and placed under arrest on a chargeof deserting: from the United Statesarmy. The commanding officer atCamp Knox was notified and a guardwas sent to Lexington to return Barton to the camp for trial.o-AT THE PARIS GRAND AND THEALAMO THEATRE.To-day, Friday, August 22 EthelClayton, in "Vicky Van;" Ruth Roland, in "The Tiger's Trail."To-morrow, Saturday, August 23Mabel Normand, in "When DoctorsDisagree;" Christie Comedy, "Pearls (And A Peach;" George Larkm, m"The Terror of The Range."Monday, August 25 PaulineFrederick, in "The Woman" In TheCase;" Paramount-Sennett Comedy,"The Little Widow;" Burton HolmesTravelogue.Venitian Serenaders, Playing anOSinging Orchestra,- to:day- and tomorrow. ,NEW KENTUCKY (CONGRESSMANTAKES SEAT IN HOUSE.With very Republican standing towelcome him, Captain King Swope,of Danville, Ky., Tuesday, was swornin as a member of the House fromtheEighth Kentucky District.Standing in the center aisle Congressman John W. Langley, of Kentucky, said:"To me has been given the plasant duty of announcing to the HouseKing Swope, member-elect from theEighth District of my State, to bethe successor of our late colleague,Harvey Helm. His credentials havenot been received yet, as under theState law the Board of ElectionCommissioners did not meet in time.There is no doubt of his election,however, as he received a majorityof 1,750."At this there was a roar from theRepublican side of the House, and accompanied by Langley, J. M. Robinson and S. F. Ogden, he walked tothe desk and took the oath. As atoken of courtesy J. Campbell Cantrill, W. J. Fields, A. W. Barkley andDavid H. Kincheloe, Democraticj members, accompanied him down theaisle.In the gallery were Mr. S. Swope,Mr. and Mrs. James H. Swope, ofDanville, his parents, and his uncle,William Swope, of Lexington, Ky.The new member will be appointedon the Committee on Immigrationand the Committee on Patents.REPEAL OF DAYLIGHT SAVINGLAW ACCOMPLISHED.Repeal of the daylight saving actwas accomplished Wednesday, theSenate voting to sustain the House inpassing the repeal measure overPresident Wilson's veto. The votewas 57 to 19.The repeal of the law, which nowtakes its place among the very fewwhich have been passed over a Presidential veto, becomes effective afterthe clocks are turned back to normalin October. It will go down in legislative history as one of the very fewmeasures which have twice been ve-l toed by a President and become a lawafter all by the vote of more thantwo-thirds in both .Houses of Congress. .THE BEST INSURANCE.Insure your tobacco in thebarn against Fire and Windstorm withYERKES & PEED,Farmers & Traders Bank.(augl5-tf)f WE KNOW MOW ISATISFACTION INCLOTHESCan Only Be Had When You BuyYour Clothing From a DependableStore.The suits we sell are tailored and made by the best tailors.Style, Workmanshipand Qualityare to be found in Stein-Blochand Michael SternsClothes, whether for the young man or the middleaged man.We can show you a vast assortment of colors andstyles, and if you want service and satisfaction let yourclothing come from our store.Summer Coatsand Trousersin Wool Crashes, Mohairs, PalmBeach and Kool Kloth$18 to $40MITCHELL &Stetson HatsManhattan ShirtsA. D. HANCOCK'S NOTED HORSECEKT, DIES SUDDENLY.Word was received here Wednesday afternoon of the death of thenoted thoroughbred sire Celt at theEllerslie stud of A. B. Hancock, nearCharlottesville, Va. Celt was byCommando Maid, of Erin, by Amphion, second dam Mavourneen, damof Voter, by Barcaldine, and he wasone of. the 3-years-olds of the famousKeene aggregation to win the Brooklyn Handicap.After passing into the hands ofMr. Hancock, Celt was given everyopportunity to make good in the studand he was the sire of a great manywinners, among the number beingthe "noted long-distance mare Embroidery; Dunboyne, the Futuritywinner of 1918; Cinderella, one ofthe present year's crack fillies duringthe early part of the spring campaignas, well as a host of others that couldbe named. William Garth, whoseplace in Virginia adjoins Mr. Hancock's, said that the horse appearedto be in perfect health when he sawhim last.Some idea of the loss sustained byMr. Hancock may be gleaned fromthe fact that at the present sale ofthe Ellerslie yearlings seventeen headby Celt sold for a total of $105, 30X).oTWO IN ACCIDENTSWhile coming from the postofficeMrs. Mary A. Paton slipped and fellon the pavement, sustaining severebruises on the arms, hips andshoulder. She was removed to herhome, and is now considerably improved. While feeding chickens near herhome on the Jas. L. Dodge farm nearParis, Mrs. Frank Stoker stepped ona corn cob, which threw her to theground. In the fall she sustained abroken ankle. There was no one-athome at the time. Mrs. Stokercrawled from the barn to her home,and summoned Dr. Chas. G. Daugh-erty, who set the broken member.oKENTUCKY UNIT PRESENTSSTATE WITH HISTORIC COLORSThe colors of the 515th Engineers,made up of Kentucky unit to go overseas, was presented to the State of-JCentucky by Herman Holland, clerkin the insurance department, atFrankfort, who was a member of theunit. Holland made the presentation on behalf of his commandingofficer, Major A. B. Bissack. Thecolors, which were accepted by Governor Black for the State, probablywill go to the Kentucky HistoricalSociety.BLAKEMORENettleton ShoosDr. Reed's Cushion Sole Shoesrj iMCONFERENCE OF BED CROSSWORKERS.There will be a conference of allthe Red Cross workers of the Bourbon County Chapter and MillersburgChapter Monday and Tuesday, Aug.25 and 26. Miss Virginia Wing, ofthe Bureau of Research and Education, Lake Division, Miss LidaHafford, State Headquarters, Louisville, and Mr. W. C. Hunt, FieldWorker in Kentucky, will be here todiscuss with the local chapters thethings which remain to be done inthe work of the Home Service Department and the future of this work.The aim of the Red Cross in itspeace time work has been brieflystated thus: "To face the needlesswaste of human life; to co-operatewith and to lead every agency thatlooks toward cleanliness, sanitation,health and happiness." That surelyis a mission to which the Red Crosscan look with confidence. The Nursing Department, The Home ServiceDepartment and the Junior Red Crosshave definitely outlined plans forcarrying out these aims.Every Red Cross member in thecounty wants to be informed on wliatthe peace time work of the Red Crossis to be so we will know what wewant Bourbon county to do. Themeetings begin at 10 o'clockMonday in the court house. See toit that your precinct is representedat every meeting.oYOUR FALL CLOTHES.Should be chosen now. Our custom tailroing department is splendidly prepared to serve your needs.J. W. DAVIS & CO,oAUTO TOURISTS VISIT PARIS.Nearly every day parties of automobile tourists visit Paris, comingfrom different parts of the country.Some of them remain quite a while,and others just take a look aroundthe best town in the Bluegrass, andgo on their way, doubtless sorry thattheir schedule will not permit themremaining longer. fc ""- THE NEWS man .was holding upthe side of a building in the vicinityof the , court jhouse Tuesday nightwhen a .big machine,, occupied by aparty of tourists, halted for a fewmoments to admire our handsometemple of justice. One of the partyremarked: "We are from Canton,Ohio, making a tour of Kentucky. IfCanton had such a handsome publicbuilding as you have here we couldbe proud of it. We heard a greatdeal of Paris, Ky., before we startedon our trip, and what we have seenfully justifies the words of those whotold us it is one of the prettiest townsin the State."On account of the rough conditionof the Dixie Highway between Lexington and Cincinnati, and the uncompleted protions in Rockcastlecounty, tourists are being routedthrough Falmouth and Paris, intoLexington, and by way of Harrodshurg, Bardstown, Cave City, Bowling Green and Nashville to the otherbranch of the Dixie Highway.oWILL YOU REGISTER SEPT. 22.Did you fail to register in time tovote in the primary election? Doyou desire to vote in the specialelection on Sept. 6 on the questionof turnpike bond issue and road tax?Then go to your voting booth onTuesday, Sept. 2, where a specialregistration will be conducted.-o -HISTORIC PRINTING PRESS SOLDTO .PARIS JUNK MAN."Rditor Warren Fisher, of the Carlisle Mercury, announced that the old"Cincinnati Cylinder" hand press,which had been a fixture in the Merrnrv office since the year 1873, hasheen torn down and the parts soldfor old iron to a junk dealer in Pans.The nress has played a very important part in the newspaper circles inthis section of the State, it waspurchased by Scudder and Darnall,who were owners and publishers ofThe Mercury in 1873, from a firm inLexington. The press was used for anumber of years in the publication ofthe Apostolic Guide. Some of thecitizens of Carlisle who are familiarwith the history of local newspaperssay that it was used in the publication of the first daily newspaper issued in Lexington. Some of the citizens have suggested that the pressshould be saved and used in Lexington to show the progress made inprinting circles. The press brought amere trifle as old iron.o -HEAV1Y RAINS VISIT BOURBONHeavy rains visited this sectionlate Wednesday night and yesterdayafternoon, adding great good to therainfall of previous days. For a timeyesterday afternoon an old-timestorm seemed to be portending, but itpassed off in a downpour of rain thatbrought-relief to the crops and vegetation. Thunder and lightning added their bit to the play of the ele,Qt,c m Mr ' no damage. Therains were a most welcome visitation.OFFICIAL VOTE IN THE AUGUSTPRIMARY ELECTION.When UnitedStates Senator A. O.Stanley made the race for the Demo--craticnomination for Governor in1915 he received 107,585 votes. lathat election 206,371 votes were castin the Democratic primary for canifedates for Governor. Official tabulatetions of the results of the recent prt-mary made by Rodman Keenon.chairman of the State Election Com-mission, show that 110,710 votes,were cast in the last election for theDemocratic candidates for Governor.A comparison of the vote cast atthe 1915 primary election with thft '1919 vote shows that Stanley receiTed 42,833 votes more than did Goternor Black. In the 1915 election H.V. McChesney, who was defeated forthe nomination by Stanley, received69,722 votes, or 4,570 votes more--thandid Governor Black.The official tabulations made by;Keenon gives the votes as follows 1the State races:For Governor Black, 64,752;:Carroll, 43,703; Noel, 2,258.For Lieuteant "Governor Shanks43,300; Oldham, 39,832.For Secretary of State Cohen,47,275; Hager, 20,412; McQuery,14,499.For State Auditor Boswell, 48,-602; Brouse, 10,984; Rawlings, 12,391; Vance, 7,537. 'For Clerk of the Court of AppealsGoodman, 39,336; Steger, 22,057;O'Conner, 15,187.For Superintendent of Public Instruction Foster, 34,239; Eubank,27,132; King, 15,037.For Commissioner of AgricultureNewman, 51,679; Cecil, 21,447.For Attorney General Daugherty30,529; Musick, 21,792; Baker, 14,660; Lisanby, 9,644.For Attorney General (Republicans) Dawson, 39,439; Jolly, 14,938. Railroad Commissioner, First District Burns, 10,927; Gordon, 9,151;Catlett, 3,188; Duff, 3,766.Railroad Commissioner, SecondDistrict (Republicans) Cooper, 4,803; Jesse, 583. tRailroad Commissioner, Third District Kash, 12,941; Eversole ;Cisco; 1,248.The pluralities of the winning candidates follow:- - ':Black, 21,049; Shanks, 2,468;Cohen, 26,863; Bosworth, 36,211;Goodman, 36,211; Foster, 17,279;Newman, 7,107; Daugherty, 8,737;Dawson, 22,501; Burns, 1,776;Cooper, 4,220; Kash, 336.oFARMERS WARJ? CONGRESSAGAINST STRIKES ANDPROFITEERS.Warning was given by representatives of farmers' organizations, testifying before the House and SenateAgricultural Committees that unlesspresent disturbed conditions resulting from profiteering "in goods andwages," and strikes were settled soon,the country would face a far worsesituation from the high cost of living next year than at present.Farmers, they said, were preparingnow for next year's crops and underpresent conditions they could not estimate what the probable marketwould be. Fear was expressed thatthere would be decreased production,both on this account and because ofPresident Wilson's statement in hismessage vetoing the repeal of thedaylight saving law, placing industrial production ahead of farm output. oCOUNTIES PILE LISTS P0R ELECTION COMMISSIONERS.Lists from which county electioncommissioners are to be selected bythe State Election Commission whenit meets August 28 have been filedwith the commission from seventyfive counties. If the other countiesfail to file the list by the date ofmeeting the State Election Commission will select county election commissioners for the counties withoutbeing guided by the lists which arefurnished by the county executivecommittees.Bourbon county was one of thefirst to send in a list for the Commissioners, and one of the first to receive acknowledgment officially fromthe State Board.oREGISTER TUESDAY, SEPT. 2Those who did not get to registerin time for the primary election andwho desire to vote on the question ofroad tax and bond issue for turnpikes are advised that a special registration will be held in the boothin the twenty voting precincts inthe county on Tuesday Sept. 2. Register then.LAWN SOCIAL POSTPONED.On account of the heavy rain ofyesterday afternoon the social sched-1uled to be given on the lawn lastnight at the home of Mr. and Mrs.James Grinnell, Jr., by the Epwortk.League of the Methodist church, wa. -Indefinitelypostponed. .,vjV: r Wfr --t -t-rTOGETWO!I BOURBON NEWSKattbKslied 188137 Years of Coatinuous PublicationMlished Every Tuesday and EridayPer Year.. $2.00 6 Months. .$ 1.00Payable in Adavance.8WEET CHAMP. Editor and Owner.&atered at the Paris, Kentucky,Poatoffice as Mall Matter of theSecond Class.)Any erroneous reflection upon thefctiancter, standing or reputation oia7- person, firm or corporation whichay;mppear in the columns of THEWyRBON NEWS will be" gladly corseted if brought to attention of thepiiux.OUR FOREIGN REPRESENTATIVES. ,2few York American Press Assoktion. "rChicago Lord & Thomas.. Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.i .Atlanta -Massengale Adv. Agency..-Cincinnati Blaine-Thompson Co.1 Louisville Stark-Lowman Co.ADVERTISING RATESjDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perjtacta. for first time; 50 cents per inchMush Bubseauent insertion.Ueading Norlces, 10 cents per linerjach issue; reading notices in blackrpe, zu cents per line, eacn issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andfftmilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts..Jhe right of publisher is reseivedin decline any advertisement or otheriaatter for publication.'Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied bytthe cash."" J - if , DEMOCRATIC TICKET.nFor Gorernor:f ..J5ua.es D. Black.I For lieutenant Governor:T.W. BC Shanks.1 For Secretary of State :I" Mat S: Cohen.f. For Anditor of Public Accounts:J"' Henry M. Bosworth.I For Attorney General:J "Frank E. Daugherty.For Clerk of the Court of Appeals :John A.. Goodman.lloi Superintendent of Public Instruction: i I..E. Foster.ZForCtommissioner of Agriculture:j, iJohnW:Newman.J5j.. -jor Representative:" James H. Thompson.FOR COUNCITJCENFirst Ward:J. H. Moreland, N. F. Brent, JohnJ. "Williams.Second Ward:1 Edward Burke. '1 Hugh Brent. fJ Catesby Spears.! Third Ward:George Doyle.DO YOU STAND THE TEST?The manufacturer of a certain foodproduct advertises that his goods willstand the test of hot weather becauset&ey are made of the right material.He means that his goods are as stable for use in hot weather as in moremoderate temperatures that hotweather does not affect them or"break them down. If this were nottrue his product would not have aswide a sale because people do not buyproducts which, cannot stand weathertests.Do you slump in the summer orare you made of the right materialwhich, stands all the tests?If you have quit saving because itfs hot weather, you are not made ofthe right material.War Savings and Thrift Stamps areavailable all the year around. If youave been buying them regardless ofSot weather and vacation time, nextyear your vacation will be all thebetter because you'll have somethingsubstantial to enjoy it on.oRed Cross classes for instruction inHome Hygiene are expected to attract larger enrollments this fallthan ever before, according to information given out by Lake Divisionheadquarters.SECRETARY BAKER DEEEITOSNEED OF LARGE ARMYWASHINGTON, t August 21.Secretary Baker defended before theSenate Subcommittee on Military Affairs his recommendation for anarmy of 576,000 men by saying thatin view of the "disturbed conditionsin the world" he did not wish the"responsibility" of asking for a smallforce.Secretary Baker indicated severaltimes that the bill as presented, including its provision for compulsoryuniversal military training for nineteen-year-oldyouths, was that ofmilitary experts rather than his own,although it had his approval.He said that his own "guess" wasthat an army of 576,000 was perhaps somewhat larger than necessary, but that he did not wish to takethe responsibility of opposing theopinion of the country's greatestmilitary men.Regarding the provision for maintenance of three divisions in the insular possessions the Secretary admitted that the force appeared tohim somewhat large and agreed tothe suggestion of Senator Wadsworthof New York that native troopsmight be used to advantage.The Senator had remarked that atpresent it seemed that every American soldier kept in the Philippineswas there somewhat in the nature ofa "hostage of faith."The Secretary also considered asworth while a suggestion that a partof the youth of. the country might begiven the opportunity for naval training, possibly as a substitute for thetraining he otherwise would receivein the army.The interrogation of the Secretaryoffered the opportunity for obtaining his opinion on the proposedestablishment of an air ministry.Senator New of Indiana presentedarguments for the separation of themilitary and aeronautics, but Secretary Baker was frank in his declaration of opinion that it would makefor inefficiency.Difficulty would be experienced,Mr. Baker said, in maintaining theproper co-ordination under separateheads and if a more adequate airservice is desired, he suggested, itwould be more practicable to utilizethe existing military organizations.Another reason given by the Secretary for opposing a centralizationof aviation was that it would tend todiscourage competition in the development of aerial appliances. Aviation, he said, is yet so new that allthe ingenuity and inventions that canbe had are needed.He also explained to the committeethe difficulty an air ministry wouldhave in handling its pilots, when separately framed, indicating the necessity from the point of view of themilitary man of having the air menso drilled with 'the army man thatthere would be the least possiblechance of failure when it came toco-ordination.The testimony developed that theUnited States now has 10,718 airplanes, of which, however, only 3,328are service planes. The major partof the present equipment is obsolete,but, it was asserted by the Secretary, the types are better than anyin Europe.A utilization of those types,coupled with the experience in production that have been had, wouldbe believed, save much time if itshould again become necessary tobring that branch of the service toa war basis.The Secretary said that if the government wished to develop the airindustry either for commerce or forwar purposes the solution was simplemerely spend the money to buymore planes.oD0FT DELAYSome Paris People Have LearnedThat Neglect Is Dangerous.The slightest symptom of kidneytrouble is far too serious to be overlooked. It's the small, neglectedtroubles that so often lead to seriouskidney ailments. That pain in the"small" of your back; that urinaryirregularity; those headaches anddizzy spells; that weak, weary,worn-out feeling, may be nature'swarning of kidney weakness. Whyrisk your life by neglecting thesesymptoms? Reach the cause of thetrouble while there yet is time begin treating your kidneys at oncewith a tried and proven kidney remedy. No need to experiment Doan'sKidney Pills are used and recommended throughout the civilizedworld. Endorsed at home. ReadParis testimony.Mrs. A. L. Burley, 329 Eighth St.,says: "I have used Doan's KidneyPills, getting them from the ArderyDrug Co., and from the benefit I received, I certainly think they are agood, reliable remedy. Whenever mykidneys have acted irregularly or myback has been weak and lame. I haveused a box or so of Doan's KidneyPills. They have always relieved meof the complaint."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Burley had. Foster-Milburn Co.,Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)"Does you husband aggravate yourservants?" queries a woman's pagewriter, in which case, of course, youshould get a new husband.WHY PEOPLE BUY RAT-SNAP INPREFERENCE TO RAT POISON(1) RAT-SNAP absolutely killsrats and mice. (2) What it doesn'tkill it scares away. (3) Rats killedwith RAT-SNAP leave no smell, theydry up inside. (4) Made in cakes,no mixing with other food. (5) Catsor dogs won't touch it. Three sizes,25c, $50c, $1.00.Sold and guaranteed by The Farmers Supply Co. (adv aug)oSan Salvador reminds one of thosefellows around the cigar counter whospends the greater part of their timeshaking.THE BOTTCBOU ISfEWS, PABIS, KElnUiiiA NERVOUSBREAKDOWNMiss Kelly Tells How LydiaE. Pinkham's VegetableCompound RestoredHer Health.Newark, N. "J'tFori about threeyears I suffered from nervous break-; uown ana got so; weakrl- could hardly'stand, and hadheadr acties every day. Imea eyerytning icould "think of andwas' under a phy-Csiciah's care for twoyears. A girlfriendhad, used Lydia E.-, Pinkham's Veere-I table Comppundandshe told me aboutit. From the firstday I took it I beganto feel better andnow I am well andable to do most anvkind of work. Ihave been recommending the Compound ever since and give you my permission to publish this letter." MissFlo Kelly 476 So. 14th St, Newark,N.J.The reason this famous root and herbremedy, Lydia E. Pinkham's VegetableCompound, was so successful in MissKelly's case was because it went to theroot of her trouble, restored her to anormal healthy condition and as a resulther nervousness disappeared.HERE'S GOOD LUCKBelieving that a revulsion of feeling against prohibition can be concentrated for a repeal of the liquorstatues, the brewers of the nationhave called a big conference for Sep.tember 28. The meeting will last aweek.oCATARRH CAN1T0T BE CURED.With local applications, as theycannot reach the seat of the disease.Catarrh is a local disease, greatly influenced by constitutional conditions,and in order to cure to cure you musttake an internal remedy. Hall's Catarrh Medicine is taken internallyand acts through the blood on themucous surfaces of the system. Hall'sCatarrh Medicine was prescribed byone of the best physicians in thiscountry for years. It is composed ofsome of the best tonics known, combined with some of the best bloodpurifiers. The perfect combination ofthe ingredients in Hall's CatarrhMedicine is what produces such wonderful results in catarrhal conditions.Send for testimonials, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Hall's Family Pills for constipation. ,., .Thirty minutes after KentuckyRedCross headquarters was informed byMarion, Kentucky, officials that tentswere needed to house victims of afire which raged there a short timeago, supplies were enroute to thetrouble zone.oThe Germans have no cause forcomplaint. This was their war, andthey are entitled to everything thatgoes with it.o1GIRLS! v USE LEMONSFOR SUNBURN, TANTry It! Make this lemon lotionto whiten your tanned orfreckled skin. 9!T-Squeeze the juice of two lemonsinto a bottle containing three ouncesof Orchard White, shake well, andyou have a quarter pint of the bestfreckle, sunburn and tan lotion, andcomplexion whitener, at very, verysmall cost.Your grocer has the lemons andany drug store or toilet counter willsupply three ounces of Orchard Whitefor a few cents. Massage this sweetlyfragrant lotion into the face, neck,arms and hands and see how quicklythe freckles, sunburn, windburn andtan disappear and how clear, soft andwhite the skin becomes. Yes! It isharmless.(adv)For SaleInternational Harvester Co. HayPress, size 17x22, in good condition.H. M. LEVI,Cynthiana, Ky.(15-3t) Phone, 51-7R.Miss E. D. Giltner,Instruction in Piano, Violin, Harmony and Theory.Term begins Monday, September 8,1919.Studio, 227 Seventh Street, Paris,Ky. E. Tenn. Phone 527.(15-22-29-sept.-l)Southdown Rams ForSale !I have a few choice Rams for Saleby premium ram.A. S. THOMPSON,Home Phone 327 (Paris Ex.)(augl5-3t) i.Liitr;Wz 9 i AtSKsdicPSouthdown Sheep TorSale.I have a select lot of Southdownyearling bucks; also 50 Southdownewes and lambs for sale.J. H. THOMPSON,(12-af) R. F. D. 8, Paris, Ky.Fords For SaleTwo Fords, 1918 Touring Cars, inperfect condition.Trucks and cars for hire. See' S. R. HUDNALL,At Ruggles Motor Co.,(8-tf) -Both Phones.Rawleigh's All Medicine Hog MixtureQuality Firsjt; Results Assured.Try 100 pounds. Money refunded ifnot satisfied. Cost one-fifth of a centper average dose.Call Cumberland Phone 487; HomePhone 256, for further information.M. 0. BIDDLE,The Rawleieh Man.(8aug-tf)Public Renting ofLand!I will rent my farm of about 421acres of land, situated on the Ruddles Mills pike, 3 miles from Paris,Ky., to the highest bidder in front ofthe Court House, in Paris, Ky., onSaturday, August 30,AT 2:30 P. M.,Improvements consist of a nicenew cottage of seven rooms, threetenant houses, five barns, good fencing, and good water for all purposes.Call at 812 Pleasant Street, or Cumberland Phone 955, for particulars.G. C. THOMPSON,Paris, Kentucky.M. F.'Kenney, Auctioneer.(19-4t)NOTICE !'"-tlMTO THE VOTERS OF BOURBONCOUNTY, KT.:Pursuant to an order of the Bourbon County Fiscal Court, and to Section 1407a, Kentucky Statutes,notice ia hereby given to tbe votersof Bourbon county, Ky., tbat JobnT. Collins, Catesby Spears, Sam Clayand Sam Houston, have been appointed by the Bourbon County FiscalCourt, Commissioners for the purposeof handling and expending the proceeds of bonds, in the event the$500,000.00 bond issue, which is tobe voted on September 6, 1919, isapproved and carried by the voters ofBourbon County.PEARCE PATON,Clerk Bourbon County Fiscal Court.(td)Notice of ElectionTO THE VOTEES OF BOURBONCOUNTY.Notice is hereby given that pursuant to an order Of the Bourbon County Fiscal Court, entered July 3rd,1919, an election will be held and apoll will be taken at each and all ofthe voting places in Bourbon County,Kentucky, on the 6th day of September, 1919, between the hours of sixo'clock a. m. and four o'clock p. m.,for the purpose of taking the senseof the legal voters of Bourbon County, Kentucky, who are qualified tovote upon the following proposition:"Are You For a Property Tax ofTwenty Cents on Each One HundredDollars Worth of Property in theCounty to be Levied Each Year forTen Years for the Purpose of Improving or Constructing, Either orBoth, Roads and Bridges of theCounty?"W. G. McCLINTOCK,Sheriff of Bourbon County.(aug8-td)Notice of ElectionTO THE VOTERS OF BOURBONCOUNTY.Notice is hereby given that pursuant to an order of the Bourbon County Court, entered July 7, 1919, anelection will be held and a poll willbe taken at each and all of the votingplaces in Bourbon County, Kentucky,on the 6th day of September, 1919,between the hours of six o'clock a.m. and four o'clock p. m., for thepurpose of taking the sense of thelegal voters of Bourbon County,Kentucky, who are qualified to vote,upon the following proposition:"Are you in favor of issuing FiveHundred Thousand Dollars in Bondsfor the Purpose of Building Roadsand Bridges??'W. G. McCLINTOCK,Sheriff of Bourbon County.(aug8-td)- " miAm c . s;WmGLEYSP The Greatest Name in Goody-Land Vmmmi ilf'M '"" Sfr OU knew tbe IIrealm of child- IiH hood dreams Iim fesJ .P Make some o lljj T V3V those dreams I!1 sLa a de,ifihtful laI m liF reality by gMWkJB?- ilzy taking home Isarvi 3-fe 3& WRIGLEY5 11Bx &J frequently. fbI rs3tP How about ISgW iT A SEALED TIGHT SStHir a ( KEPT R(GHT ySmMH H Lasts! Z ImMri HENDRICKS"THE SCREEN MAN"All Metal Window Screensand Weather StripsHIGGINS MANUFACTURING CO.MAKERS OFWINDOW EQUIPMENTWhen you think of Window Screens and WeatherStrips, think of HENDRICKS.When you think of Hendricks, think of WINDOWSCREENS and WEATHER STRIPS.His Name is T. A; HENDRICKSand he livts and has offices at264 Rand (Ave., Lexington, Ky.Telephone 2585A card simply addressed to ' 'Hendricks, the ScreenMan," will reach him, as he is the best known screenman in Kentucky.Ninety-eight per cent, of the screens in Bourboncounty are Higgins Manufacturing Company make.Higgins Metal Screens and Strips are recognized asthe best by all good architects.IiftOMi S-EIjgg 5Bl53l:Coal Coal CoalHave You Talked WithCOLLIER BROS.About Your Winter Coal?Office Opposite Paris Tobacco Cumberland Phont SS7Warehouse Home Phone 257iimumf wifrsi"ri-5irf ryaGEOTW. DAVIS IFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299 .Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky IFRIDAY, AUGUST 22, 1919V -1,a- ,ii:.AaMimiijsrt'B. asrFRIDAY, AUGUST 22, 1819.THE BOUEBOH HEWS, PAXES, KERTtiGElPBW'WP 'wT7'?AMrfinillliwnINCORPORATEDCAPITAL $ 1 ,000,000Offices 703, 704 and 705 Republic Building, Louisville, Ky.-'SU.'?''vFIRST STOCK OFFERINGrIn making our announcement to the public of our initial stock offering we bejievthat we are offering to the people of Kentucky and nearby States the greatest investment opportunity that has ever been given you by any new oil company. We believethis. Why?First, because our company is under the direction and capable management of praOi- ,. tical oil operators and successful business men. v-i -Second, because the holdings of the Cosmos Oil and Refining Company ae inproven fields. When we say proven oil fields we mean that other developments haveshown fully that our holdings should produce and in paying quantities. 1J22&T;.. GUSHER TERRITORY- ..' Kentucky has -go- far produced but feiy gushers. The .best of which we believethe State has produced so-far is "barren, Barren and Allen Counties, in Western Kentucky, and Lee, in Eastern Kentucky. That is why we have selected our Kentuckyholdings in these counties because for this company we want and will have the,jestterritory available.We will start developing our holdings at once, for only by producing oil can wefpay'dividends, and right here we wish to say that if the Cosmos Oil and Refining Companyti not paying the largest legitimate dividends of any new company of the State tgrJanuary we will fall far short of our present anticipations. . rt'REAL TEXAS GUSHERS4,000 to 10,000-barrel wells! Sounds mighty big, doesn't it? Yes, and it sounded-y-o--sSmighty good to us this week when we received a message from our Texas representa-ye saying the wells to the northwest of our Texas lease had come in. . . $ g sstoj$&f This well is known as the Dabney No. 1. ' Connected with this we know that aelwell onlv about 260 rods to the southeast was in at 9,000 barrels daily. This is whatwe wanj: yp,i to get into your mind and when you have, then you will be with uanxM for us. ' j4iWe haye selected the holdings upon which the Cosmos Oil and Refining Companyis organized with the greatest and most critical care. It is our intention to eliminatef no far as we can all wildcat or uncertain features. It is our intention to give the- public an honest, square deal and to make this the biggest and best independent oilcompany. z ? '-c &? J-FIVE THOUSAND BARRELS PER tTAYr" That is what we expect by January 1 and'dur Texas representative is as corfjfl&tfJat-we.will have it as if he could already sec that liquid flow of gold' going JptcCtbejoe line. ' - 'v -r pen- judgment there never -was company with brighter jpfiospects. ThetteCfpf was a company that could offer you better stock on the ground noot or inioffer. This is your chance tpgeih" where we believe you will reap a rich harvest liTasaaaJJ Investment. " &&u' U at once while yon can, secure stock at our opening offerof FjftyCeit5igfxtfatk W Jully paid and nonassessable. Your purchase of stock gives you 4 Mfflytjtfa all ne company now has or may 'hereafter acquire. Several times recently fpjrMnie organized by good, strong, sub stantial business men and with gooa holdings$$? totd all the allotment so quickly that the public has been surprised Jha it failedtq get'tne stock they applied for and it will be no surprise to us o see all $$ 250,000shares at 50 cents taken in the next few days. 'JLt0''"-m''m'm " "W171? - , p; "?i$COSMOS OIL & REFINING CO.IncorporatedREPUBLIC BUILDING Date 1919Louisville, Kentucky.I hereby subscribe for shares of the Capital StockOf COSMOS OIL AND REFINING COMPANY, said Stock fully paid andnonassessable. Par value $1.00 per share. I herewith enclose $in full payment for above at the rate of Fifty Cents per share.Name .. . ....-. -..-...-..,AddressCOMPETENCY AND INTEGRITYiw OF THE OFFICIAL BOARD'TVtMrt Paul Burlingame, of Lkmisville, Ky., president of the Cosmos Oil and Refot-ipg iuinpa.iiy, is uiic ji tuc ucst is-iiuvvif men ui xv.ciuut.y. nc js pxc&iuciiL ui vitc -riipar4 qX Jrupic batety ana nas Jong oeen laentinea jn public aitairs. it is aourjtiuiftat here is a man in all Louisville better known in every cpunjy in eptneky thanPaul Burlingame. His reputation is clean and he consented to become president ofthis big company after careful investigation as to the proposed business and as towhom his associates were.Mr. J. W. Calkins, of Winchester, Ky., and Prarie Depot, O., vice president ofthe Cosmos Oil and Refining Company, is one of j:he best known and esteemed oHoperators of the State. Mr. Calkins is a man pi many years experience in the oil producing business. He knows the oil business from the starting of a well until you have pntthe oil in the refinery. Such a man is a valuable asset to any company, and for J4knowledge and ability Mr. Calkins has also been 'made a member of the ExecutiveBoard of the Cosmos" Company. Mr. Calkins has extensive personal developments andinterests, but he is for the Cosmos Oil and Refining Company above all others.Mr. Joe T. Cresap, of Elizabethtown, Ky., secretary of the Cosmos Oil and RefinmgCompany, is one of Hardin County's best and most favorably known business inen MCresap has been in active business in Elizabethtown for many years and it js Aoiibdy.that there is a man in Hardin County better known or more highly regarded than JoCresap. He is capable of filling the position, and that, together with his high sense ofhonor and fairness, makes him fully suited tor the position of secretary.Hon Thomas. R. Reid, of Louisville? Ky,, recently of El "RertOy Okla.fis reen tne uosmos uu ana Kenning company. Mr. Jtceia is secretary pi tne JLmplexCbniDanv and one of tne most careful and'eactmaccoimtants we havewerkntfie knows when a thing is right and can't be satisfied until it is. He is also a weftjaiown attorney ana nas naa years oi experience in tne governmental .Land JJeparpment of OklahdmaT .-&&?"'EXECUTIVE - EQARD"'rhis board, com5ose"d of J. W. Cal kins, li Howell and H. H. Hutchinson, aspires every stockholder of the Cosmos O il and Refining Company that, insofar as secg;inc or disoosiner of properties is concerned, or in development operations, no three meni . A. . V . -, 1 i . " T "5 r r!"v ' m.""'-rpetter nttea or Detter quannea couia nave Deen selected 4.ney Know values, imow oil property and they know how to protect the best intere$tS;of te comp;ulp$ely alliea to pne .executive .doara isn.k james? one oi tnejesi lanoLtiweneVs of Kentucky. He is counsel of the Cosmoa Oil and Refining CSnipariy and"at all limes give the Executive Board his full cp-pperafcoo. oc cbotracts and all legalatfcairs 91 the company. , -" SUCCESI THROUGH CPOPERATIOli rr Don't you see how much easier it is fq? g4&eg-aswe have. selected as officials tof the Cosmos Oil and Refining Company 'typikip $' success fhan for one individual? Because here each man has a special an4 specific Axttj to perform, and that, rtogether with their combined efforts, ringi success.Again you could not take $100 or $100 and stait cu$ alone tQ -develop an oilppoperty, for you would not be able tq complete the work tP . snccesflul stae. gutwith several such sums and by experieiKed -inanageinenj wearjpible t-pring tbp Retired results. ' Sfc 'OIL MEANS MILUONSNever before in the world's history has there been any one""line 'pf developmentwhich has attracted such a great per cent of the investing public as the oil business oftoday. The people know that oil pays big returns on the money invested and thepeople know that they can never accumulate wealth by working. You must invest'You invest where you will reap big returns and right here as a closing word wewish to say to youBUY COSMOS OIL AND REFINING CO.Stock today our campaign is on. We have already advanced the contract price forthe standard rig and derrick for our wonderful Eastland County gusher field of TexasWe will start developing our Kentucky holdings at once. Our entire allotment ofstock at fifty cents will be consumed quickly. Act now! Get into a company whereevery act, every lease, every man connected means success..ivMake All Checks Payable To Ther . "Cosmos Oil and Refining Co.';SMfpoTOfgdJ. B. PIERCE COMPANY, Sale ManagersW: wkj 1 tOffices 703, 704 and 705 Republic BuildingLouisville, KentuckyKr rip f j-'IflffrT iftli-u, StrfgBfeat vsSu-i. 4u'ftaitLMStf hf jgqfefeiRmjgt-. reiMei&mt -f tirvaiAHS'V'v- - -". gglJ-a -'t:V S teV-. H fWSE 10TJ1 -q'-afTHE BOUSSOH HIWS, ftl&IS JBtittttGKY '-T;FRIDAY, AUGUST 22,.11. 9iTOTiaAi 0. K. PLACED OK Y. -M.C. A. WATER SUPPLY.MATRIMONIAL.That the water supply used fordrinking and bathing purposes at theBourbon County Y. M. C. A. buildingis all it should be from a sanitaryand healthful standpoint, has beenevidenced by the official "O. K."placed on it by a report submitted by . Barlow andHealth Officer Dr. A. H. Keller, at DOtb of Paris.the request of Secretary Z. L. Wilcox.Samples of the water were sent to A marriage license was issuedthe chief chemist in charge of the Tuesday from the office of the Countychemical work at the University of ,clerk of Hamilton county, at CinKentucky, with a request for an ex- jnnati, to Mr. Herman Faulkner,iaustive and thorough chemical of Cynthiana, and Miss Willie Jett,analysis. As a result of the test of Cincinnati. Miss Jett is a daughmadfi ther Dr Keller forwarded t"be ter of Mr. and Mrs. Otto Jet, for-A marriage license was issuedTuesday from the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton to Mr. HarryMiss Virginia Davis,following letter to Mr. Wilcox:Mr. Z. L. Wilcox,Secretary Y. 3VI. C. A.My Dear Sir: The result of theexamination of a sample of water,seat by you lo the University of Kentucky, on June 24, 1919, and at amore recent date, transmitted to me,indicates very distinctly that all reasonable means have been exercised bythe governing head of the Y. M, C. A.to safeguard the health of all whomay have come under his supervision, so far as a pure and wholesomewater was in his power to provide.It gives me great pleasure to commend the thoroughness with whichyou have handled all sanitary features connected with the institution.With cordial best wishes for continued success in your new field oflabor, I am,Very sincerely yours,- (Signed) A H. KELLER,Secretary of Boardvof Health.merly of Bourbon county., WILLIAMS EDWARDS.Otis Edwards, 24, farmer ofNicholas county and Miss MaggieWilliams, 22, of Bourbon county, secured marriage license in Lexington,Wednesday, and were married byMagistrate Miner, in his privateoffice."HEP CROSS HOME SERVICE SEEK, ING DEFORMATIONAnyone knowing Mrs. Mary Coffee,who recently moved to Paris, is asked to confer with the "Home Serviceof the American Red -Cross, at theParis office, Room 505, in the First!National Bank building.The local secretary of the Home'Service will also be glad to meet andtalk with some one who was a member of the Machine Gun Battalion ofthe 148th Infantry, Thirty-seventh"Division. At the beginning of theworld-war, a young man enlistedIf rom Hutchison, this county, whosegiven name was "Walter." The RedCross Home Service at Camp Sherman, Chillecothe, 'Ohio, is trying tolocate him. Any information furnished in regard to 'either of these-parties will -be gratefully acknowledged by the Hed Cross.DAVIS BARLOW.The marriage of Mr. Harry Barlow and Miss Virginia Davis, bothwell-known and popular young peo-. pie of this "city, was solemnized inLouisville yesterday. After the ceremony Mr. and Mrs. Barlow left for ahoneymoon trip, and on their retunnwill reside in this city.The bride is a daughter of Mrs.Lillian Davis, of Paris, and is a veryhandsome and -'attractive young woman, who has made many warmfriends by her charming manner andunfailing courtesy. For some timeshe was engaged in the millinerystore 'of Mrs. Mayme Parker, but inthe past few months has been a member of the sales force at the drygoods store of Mr. W. Ed. Tucker,where she was highly esteemed byher employer and her associates.The -groom, who has lately returned from service in Uncle Sam'soverseas army, is a son of Mr. andMrs. Herman Barlow, Sr., of Tenthstreet, and is a member of the officeforce of Superintendent J. A. Morrison, at the Louisville & NashvilleTenth street station. He is a youngman of integrity and industry, anda worthy husband of the fair youngwoman who has become his wife.THE NEWS extends congratulations and best wishes to the youngcouple, who start in life with thefairest prospects.oARTILLERY RECRUITING- CORPSCARPENTERS ORGANIZE UNION.The first labor union ever organized in Paris was formed here at ameeting of carpenters held in theMasonic Temple. .The union is organized under Charter No. 2243, andbegins with -a membership of fortythree. The following were electedefflcers: James Hill, president;Carl Snapp, vice--president; Ed.Meyers, treasurer; John Brown,secretary; James "Rye, C. A. Buchanan and Granville .Hill, trustees.'The union will hold regular meetings weekly.GOES TO CYNTHIANAAfter a three-days' stay in Paris,during which they secured one lonerecruit, the detachment of the 83rdArtillery broke camp Tuesday afternoon -and departed for Cynthiana, ona irecruiting expedition, going fromthere to Falmouth.The detachment, comprising sixofficers and fifty-three privates withtheir equipment, presented a warlike appearance, as they proceeded upMain street, Cynthiana-bound. Theypraised very highly their receptionand treatment by the Paris people,and requested THE NEWS to extendtheir earnest heartfelt thanks to thepeople of -Paris for the many courtesies extended them during their stay.STELE SCHOOL AND CHURCH CONVENTION YESTERDAY.10:05-10:25-10:35-11:15-11:25-CPUBLIC SALEOFMain Street Residence!f As agents for 5. E. McClanahan, we will,, sell on thejNremises, on! THURSDAY, AUG. 28, 1919AT 2 O'CLOCK P Mikit double two-story house on Main Street, consisting oftwelve rooms, six rooms to each department, with closedback porches, front porches, bath complete in each, house,concrete walks and beautiful shade trees. Could easilybe rented for $50 per month, and a most desirable andconvenient place to live. Any one in the market for ;adesirable, up-to-date Main Street property should attendthis sale.TERMS Easy and made known on day of sale.HARRIS & SPEAKESAu22-26The annual convention of the BibleSchools of the Christian churches ofBourbon county was held' in theChristian church at Clintonville yesterday, with the president, Rev.Ward Russell, pastor of the LittleRock Christian cliurch, presiding.The pastors of the various churchesand the superintendents of the Bibleschools throughout the county werein attendance, and there was a largedelegation of visitors and delegates,all of whom thoroughly enjoyed theproceedings. Twenty-minute addresses by the speakers from different parts of the county formed theprincipal features of an interestingprogram. At noon following themorning session an adjournment wastaken, when a "basket dinner wasserved on the grounds by the ladiesof Clintonville and vicinity. Thefollowing is the program observed atthe all-day session:Morning Session.9:30 Devotional Service, led byJames Carroll Bryan.9 :45 "The Elementary Teacher," miss neien nutcncraft.-"Teaching a Bible Class."R. H. Ellett.-"The Weekly Bulletin in theHome of Every Worker,"B. M. Roberts.10:45 President's Address, "SomeChristian Unity," W. E. Ellis.-President's Address, "SomeMarks of a Good BibleSchool," Ward Russell.-Appointment of Committees.-Offering.11:30 "Bible School Progress inOur County" Roll Call Conducted by State Worker WithReport From Each School.12:00 Lunch and Recreation.Afternoon Session.-Divotional Bible Study, C.A. Van Winkle.Business Session Secretary's Report; Committee Reports. 2:00 "The Christian Endeavor Society," F. M". Tinder.2:20 "Financial Interests of theChurch," W. O. Hinton.2:40 "Social and Recreational Interests of the Church," A. L.Boatright.3:00 "Problems of Church andBible School" Open Conference, Conducted by L. D.Cartnght, the State Superintendent.3:45 Report of Future Work Committee, N. L. Shropshire,!Chairman ; Consecration Moments by Lin D. Cartwright.4 :00 Adjournment.oHOME TELEPHONE iBDILDIWGNEW PEANKFORT TOLL LINEWe are advised by Mr. J. J. Veatch,District Manager of the CentralHome Telephone and Telegraph Company, that his company is now busilyengaged building a new No. 10 copper toll line from Paris to Frankfort.This work was commenced on theParis end and a large force of plantmen are now working out of Parison the Georgetown pike. This will bea through line for the purpose of establishing a more direct connectionwith Frankfort and -points west ofFrankfort, and will tend to relievecongested traffic which at the presenttime is routed through Lexington.The telephone business, like all otherlines in this part of the State showa steady increase each year and therefore, necessitating additional andbetter facilities for handling same.This line is expected to be completed and thrown open to the publicby December 1st, this year.o1:30-1:45-REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSr it ftMr. David Johnson, Wednesday,sold his farm of 87 acres, locatedon the Allen and Offutt pike, ninemiles from Paris, for $200 per acre.The, name of the purchaser was 'notgiven.One of the biggest land deals madefor some time by Cynthiana dealerswas the sale by Garrett & Robertsonof the Wm. H. Whaley farm of 304acres, located near Ewalt's CrossRoads, in this county. The .placewas purchased by Mr. Henry L. -Hanson,of near Cynthiana. The pricepaid was not made public, but is saidto have been close to $90,000.The five-room cottage on Highstreet, between Fifteenth and Sixteenth streets, belonging to Mr. JohnHall, was sold Tuesday, through thereal estate firm of Harris & Speakes,to Mr. Claude C. Larkin, for $2i200.Mrs. Jacob Elvove purchased 'ofMr. and Mrs. E. L. Ellis, of Harrodsburg, a "four-room cottage on Virginia avenue, for $800.oHAIL INSURANCE.Hail insurance on tobacco.Thomas, Woodford & Bryanjune24-tf)IN THE SERVICE OF THEIRCOUNTRY.Sergt. Wm. B. Yates returned toCamp Zachary Taylor yesterday after a brief visit to his brother, Mr.B. L. Yates. Sergt. Yates wasawarded sixteen citations for bravery while with the Second Divisionin France.Mr. and Mrs. C. A. Buchanan, ofParis, received a message Tuesdayannouncing the safe arrival at NewYork, of their son, private ClarenceBuchanan, who has been in the overseas service for several months.Private Buchanan has been sent toCamp Dix, in New Jersey, where hewill receive his final discharge papers, and return to his home in thiscity. He enlisted in the KentuckyNational Guard in 1917, and has beenoverseas about a year.QNOTICE TO (COUNTY SCHOOLTEACHERS AND TRUSTEESKRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSFALLSHOWINGOFB-4 FIREInsure withW.O. HINTON &SON,AgtsOMONTGOMERY COUNTY HOMEDESTROYED BY FIREThe residence occupied by AlvinMorton and family, ,on the farm ofJames Hoskins, about one and a halfmiles from Mt. Sterling, on theLevee pike, was burned Tuesdaymorning. An oil stove in the kitchenhad leaked onto the floor, and a mem-oer or tne family starting to getbreakfast, dropped a lighted match.The entire structure was soon inflames. Nothing was saved, andthere was very little insurance onthe residence or the household goods.oFire. Wind and Ushtnin?Insurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanThe teachers and trustees of theBourbon County Schools are requested to meet at the court house Saturday, August 23, at ten o'clock.Plans for the launching of the Illiteracy Campaign for the last week ofAugust will be discussed, and theneed is urgent. Catch up the slogan, "No illiteracy in nineteen andtwenty," and respond to duty's call.Bourbon, with her seventeen hundredilliterates, must not fail!J. B. CAYWOOD, Supt:oLIST YOUR PROPERTY NOW.SAVE PENALTY.Come in and list your property today, the time limit Isnear when a penalty will go on.The law requires you to come1;o our office In the CourtHouse. Do it NOW.WALTER CLARK,Tax Commissioner.JNO. J. REDMON,. Deputy.(aug8-tf)1919COATSSUITSDRESSESSKIRTSWAISTSFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSAutomobile DeliveryVirrtr:giuim,iiMMiiBHgjiisnnrg!3iSSil8isg1-:. 'SSmnnnnnmiSPECIALSALEthe Kitchen Cabinet thatsaves miles of stepsPUBLIC AUCTIONOFSaturday, August 30SPECIAL KBGISTRATI01T.Don't forget that Tuesday, Sep. 2,has been designated as special registration day for all voters who desireto vote on the road tax" and bondissue question, or, rather, those whodid not get to register in time for theprimary election. The registrationwill be held in the voting booths atthe regular voting places in all thetwenty county precincts.!Jewel Stoves, Rangesand FurnacesMr, S. E. Guinn, of the Detroit StoveWorks, is with us for a few days.Come in and let him explain to youthe remarkable performances of theJewel Pipeless furnace and Combination Coal and Gas Ranges.GET A JEWELAND SAVE FUELT. W.314 Main St.SPICERParis, KentuckytlMgEgagSigieASgB:' """'""""""""iiiiiiiniiiiiiHHiAT 10 0Fire acres of land waide the city limits, on tfourth of a mile from theDesirable location Uexcellent poultry farm.LOCK A. M.a five-room cottage, just outBethlehem pike, about onef(;rurban line.'ve in and would make anB. L. YATES.HARRIS & SPEAME5, Real Estate Agents.FREIGHTER JTAMED FOR EDITORS IS LATOCHED.The steamer Editor, named by theUnited States Shipping Board inhonor of newspaper men and womenof the United States and Canada,was launched at Seattle, Washington,'in the presence of cheeriiig.-scores ofmembers of the National Rims.(niAssociation, gathered 4n Seattle froman parts of the country to attend theassociation's 1919 'convention.Mrs. Guy U. Hardy, Canon, City,uoi., sponsored the big boat 'Mrs.Hardy is the wife of RepresentativeHardy, who is president of the Editorial Association.The Editor is a 9;600-ton freighter.if we can show you howthe Hoosier will save manysteps each day, andif we can prove that yourkitchen work can be donein less time with a Hoosierto help,will you devote a few. minutes to a personal investigation of this kitchen cabinet?then come and see theHoosier demonstrated. We. guarantee that an earlyvisit will be'worih while.'A. F.WHEELEROpposite Court HouseParis, Kyo .The J. T. Kmton Co.UNDER TAKERSAND MMBAI,MERSMainand SixthStreetsParis Ky.Day phone 36INlsht : 56or Home 286Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended U with urLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.v.HP cm'a '' ''. iii.ii iii iiii 1 1 ! ..... '"minnnniIMHfFRIDAY-, AUGUST 22, 1919.THE BOUBBOH HEWS, PAWS, J&JlHTUtiJL, - - - -trPAOTHTE T)$?FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSESOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.FALL SEEDSBtst quality Northern GrownRosen Seed Rye, Less quantity per acre. Yields more thanany other variety. Also havehighest quality Seed Wheat andTimothy Seed.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(augl9-tf). oMELONS ON ICE.' "Fine, red meat, juicy watermelonsand home-grown canteaoupes ;on iceat all times.(lt) C. P. COOK & CO.. oIT PAYS TO ADVERTISE.A sewing machine advertised forsale in THE NEWS by a Lillestonavenue housekeeper, was sold in twohours after the Tuesday issue hadbeen on the streets. The purchaserstated she saw the ad in THE NEWS.It pays to advertise in THE NEWS.oBETAINS EEVENTJE POSITION.Mr. 0. P. Carter, formerly of Paris,who has been a member of the officeforce of Collector of Revenue ElwoodHamilton, in Lexington, has been assigned to duty at Louisville. Mr.Carter is one of the best men on theforce, and his retention in office is acompliment to his ability and efficiency. o-ORPHANS ON EXCURSION.Seventy-six girls and boys from theOdd Fellows' Orphans Home, at Lex-ington spent the day Wednesday onthe Kentucky river making the tripon -the barge, "Summer Girl." Theywere in charge of Grand SecretaryR. G. Elliott and the superintendentand teachers of the Home.cnA PEW MOKE LEPT.We are offering some attractiveprices on all Summer suits, hats, etc.Men who know are taking advantageof these values. Better not wait toolong.L. WOLLSTEIN,(22-4t) 619 Main Street.o--THE AMERICAN LEGION.A local post of the American Legion, composed of soldiers, sailorsand marines, will be organized heresoon. The work will be in charge ofCapt. Wm. Collins, of North Middletown, who has been selected asCounty Chairman to further themovement.; TRIPLE SERVICE SUTESThat is the name of a new specialty line of clothes we feature forfall. They please both the boy andhis -mother.':: J. W. DAVIS & CO.o,f NOTICE TO THE PUBLICV 'Dr. S. P. Mohney, our local chiropractor, will be out of his office fromSaturday evening, Aug. 23, to Monday morning, Sept. 1. It is nationalconvention week of the chiropractors and Dr. Mohney will attend.K (It); o-.HUFFMAN TraT.T) OTOEMiss Mayme Shields, of Paris, isa guest of Mrs. Edgar Payne, in Mt.Sterling.Mrs. J. W. Mallory is visitingher son, Mr. Robert Letcher, in Columbus, Ind.Miss Margaret Hill is visitingMr. and Mrs. George Rassenfoes, andfamily, in Mt. Sterling.Mr. and Mrs. Custis Talbott anddaughters have returned from a stayat Crab Orchard Springs.Several from Paris attended thedance given by the younsr men ofjCynthiana, Tuesday night.' Mrs. H. H. Hancock has returned from a visit to friendsand relatives in Cleveland, Tenn.Miss Macie Talbott has returnedfrom a visit to friends and relativesin Mason and Nicholas counties.Miss Fannie Ingels has returnedto her home in Danville after a visitto friends and relatives in this city.Rev. R. H. Herrington, ofBoone county, is a guest of friendsand relatives in this city and county.Misses Julia and Mary Fronk, ofCovington, are guests of Miss FisherCollins, on Massie avenue, in thiscity.Mr. Charles Dykes is spendinghos vacation visiting friends andrelatives in Covington, and in Manchester, Ohio.Mrs. Thos. Herrin visited friendsin Carlisle this week, arid attendedthe Sunday School Convention heldat East Union.Mrs. Thos. Herrin, of SouthMain street, has as guests Mrs.Jarvis and sister, Mrs. Wilson, bothof Anderson, Ind.Mr. Harry L. Mitchell andniece, Miss Lillian Howard, wereguests of friends and relatives atHutchison, recently.Mrs. J. L. Cohorn is ill at herhome on Pleasant street. Her mother, Mrs. R. Cavanaugh, of Newport,is at her bedside.Mrs. Daisy Hill, chief operator&t the Cumberland Telephone Co.'sexchange, is spending her vacationat Graham Springs.Mr. Lafon Miller, clerk at thePeoples' Pharmancy, has returnedfrom a visit to friends in Akron andother points in Ohio.Mr. and Mrs. E. P. Claybrookhave returned to their home nearHutchison, after an extended stay atCrab Orchard Spring v.Mr. and Mrs. William Shire leftWednesday morning for a vacation,trip to New York, where they will beguests of relatives.Mrs. Walter Henderson Shropshire entertained a party of friendsat cards at her home in the countyWednesday afternoon.Mrs. Charles Roebuck and children, of Ohio, former residents ofthis city, are guests of Mr. and Mrs.George Ellis, in this city.Mr. and Mrs. Frank Pugh, of Indianapolis, are guests at the home ofthe latter's sister, Mrs, Robinson, andMr. Robinson, in this city.Mrs. Garland Lovell, Miss Lucille Lovell, Miss Mary Edwards andMr. E. K. Lovell have returned froma visit to friends in Aberdeen, Ohio.Winchester Democrat: "MissAnna Louise White, of Paris, visitedher grandparents, Mr. and Mrs. W.O. Brock, and attended the dancelast night."Miss Percy Reid, of Richmond,is a guest of her mother, Mrs. MaryA. Paton, and her brother, CountyClerk Pearce Paton, and Mrs. Paton,in this city.The following Paris party spentseveral days in Cincinnati this week:Mrs. Edward Burke, Mrs. M. J. Lavin, Miss Mary Elizabeth Dean andMiss Gilbert Lavin.Mrs. Joseph Head and son, ofGilbert Huffman, colored, who wasarrested several days ago by Patrolman Geo. W. Judy, charged withstealing $80 from Logan Ayers, colored, had a hearing in the CountyLrnr' rT.,7 oto Hichmond, are guests of Mr. and Mrs.-DtH.lCll.VJJJ. J..HS tanswer to the charge before thegrand jury at the November term ofthe Bourbon Circuit Court.-oPARIS GIRL HONORED.In the election of officers at thethird session of the Methodist YoungPeoples' Summer Camp, held at theKavanaugh camp grounds, near Louisville, Miss Sara Power, of Paris,was chosen Vice-President of the Executive Committee. The camp is composed of members from the State andLouisville conferences. The CentralMethodist, published in Louisville,says: "A new office has been added,that of Vice President, and the newofficer is Miss Sara Power, of theKentucky Conference. Her charmingpersonality and deep consecrationmakes her a welcome addition to theexecutive force."o ;WORK BEGUN ON NEW STREETRECONSTRUCTIONA force of workmen, under' thesupervision of Superintendent ofStreets Stegall, and City EngineerBoehrner and assistants, begari yesterday the work of resurfacing Mainstreet, at Main and Tenth streets,, tocontinue to South Main. When thisis finished the work will-begin xmPJeasant street.The steam Toller and other necessary equipment for carrying on thereconstruction work has arrived, andis being used in the work, which itis expected will be completed in theearly prt of November. At a specialmeeting o the City Council City Eaginecr was given full authority tosupervise the work.E. M. Dickson and Mrs. DurandWhipple, at the home of the former, on Stoner avenue.Mr. and Mrs. Ora Smith, of Paris,celebrated their second wedding anniversary with a dinner at the homeof Mrs. Smith's mother. A numberof relatives were present.Mr. and Mrs. J. K. Bunner,Misses Clara and Laura Bunner, andMr. and Mrs. Charles Kampmiller, ofCanton, Ohio, composed a motortouring party visiting in Paris, Tuesday. Mayor E. B. January, of Paris,was a business visitor in Lexington,Wednesday, conferring with Prof. E.L. Frankel, of the University of Kentucky, in regard to architecturalwork.Mrs. Louis Rogers entertainedWednesday at her home on the CaneRidge pike, near Pans, m honor orMiss Rose Alverson, of Richmond,the house guest of Mr. and Mrs. JesseM. Alverson.Several Paris people attendedthe dance given at Elks' Hall, inWinchester, Tuesday night. Musicfnr the dancers was furnisnea oySmittie's Band, of Cincinnati. Thehours were from 8:30 to 4:00.Mrs. Frank Trisler and daughter, -Miss jMarjorie, have returnedfrom a visit .to Mr. and Mrs. RichardLegg, in ' Handley, West Virginia.Miss Tri8lerThas been on an extended automobile tour in the Eastwith her uncle and aunt, Mr. andMrs. Fred Legg. of Cincinnati.Mrs. Gertrude. Smoot, ouorDin,is a 'guest at the home of -Mr. andMrs. William Remington, on Eighthstreet. Her.son, Mr. Madison Smoot.who holds a position with the Louisville 4b Nashville at Corbin, has goneto Birmingham, Alabama, and otherSouthern cities on a vacation trip.Mrs. Perry McCord has returnedfrom a visit to relatives in Flemingcounty.Mrs. Wilson Wilder has returned from a visit to relatives in Atlanta, GalMr Jesse D. Letton has returnedfrom a week's stay in camp atBoonesboro.Mr. and Mrs. J., M. Smelser andchildren have gone to Abingdon, Va.,to visit relatives.Mr. Hord Lovell left Wednesdayfor Beaumont, Texas, where he willreside in the future.Mrs. Sallie Yates McKee, ofRichmond, has returned to her homeafter a visit to her brothers, Mr. B.L. Yates. r -Mrs. E. E. Landis and littledaughter have returned from a visitto Mr. and Mrs. W. S. Hall, at Blanchester, Ohio.Miss Lucille Davis, guest at thehome of Misses Helen and Soule Davis, returned Tuesday to their homein Charleston, Mo.Mrs. A. C. Teller has returned toher home in Chicago after a visit toher parents, Mr. and Mrs. I. L. Price,and family, on Main street.Elizabethtown News: "Mr. andMrs. Thomas H. Dean have returnedfrom a two-weeks visit to friends intheir old home county of Bourbon."Mr. Irvine F. McPheeters anddaughter, Miss Ethel McPheeters,have returned from a visit to relatives in Bolivar, and Polk. Missouri.Mr. John Yerkes, of the Farmers' and Traders Bank, left yesterday for Los Angeles, Caliornia, tovisit his mother, Mrs. W. L. Yerkes.Mrs. J. J. McCarty and threechildren, Robert, Florence and Bourbon, are visiting Mrs. McCarty's sister, Mrs. Frank Warren, in Logoda,Indiana.Mrs. George Foell, of Louisville,Mrs. Margaret English, of New YorkCity, and Mrs. Bryant, of Pleasureville, are guests at the home of Mrs.Wilson Wilder, in this city.Mr. John M. Clay left Tuesdayfor an extended trip to Oklahoma andTexas. Mr. Clay will be a guest ofMr. Edward F. Simms, at Houston,Texas, during his stay in that State.Vevay, (Ind.) Reveille: "MissCatherine Calloway, Miss JustineTandy, and Mr. and Mrs. C. S. Tandyhave gone to Paris, Ky., to visit Mr.and Mrs. Calvert Meng for a fewdays."Miss Neva Calvert, who is engaged in Government clerical workin one of the departments in Washington, D. C.f is visiting her parents,Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Calvert, nearParis.Mrs. Carrie Rogers Davis anddaughter, Miss Margaret Davis, whohave been spending the summer witnMrs. J. J. McClihtock, and Mrs.Palmer, left for their home in Louisville a few days since.Mrs. Bryan Gager and Miss Kathleen Gager, of Chattanooga, Tenn.,who have been guests of Mr. andMrs. Henry Gatewood, in Mt. Sterling, are now visiting Mrs. Gager'sson, Mr. Charles Gager, near Paris.A motor party composed of Mr.Ed. T. Hinton and daughtef , MissElmeta Hinton, Misses Frances Hancock. Josephine Fithian, NellCrutcher and Esther Boatright, visited friends in Danville, Tuesday afternoon, returning that night.Messrs. Dan W. Peed, WallaceMitchell, Wm. B. Ardery, Harry Clay,J. Frank Clay and E. M. Dicksonhave returned from a two-weeks'fiishing and camping trip at LittleCurrent, in Canada. Mr. Wm. R.Blakemore, who was also a memberof the party, stopped over in Chicago on a business mission.Danville Messenger: "LittleThelma and Harold Spires, the brightand interesting children of Mr. andMrs. Joseph Spires, returned to Parisafter a visit to heir father andother relatives in this county. Theyare making their home with theiraunt, Mrs. A. W. Bourne, and Mr.Bourne, at Paris, while their motheris in a sanitarium at Henderson,N. C."Miss Sarah Louise Bedford washostess Tuesday afternoon at herhome near Paris, at a delightfulbridge party in honor of Miss Rowena Martin, of Waddy, Ky. Thefirst prize, a handsome feather fan,was awarded to Mrs. Douglas Clay.The consolation prize fell to the lotof Miss Edith Shive, of Atlanta, Ga.Miss Bedford's guests were: MissRowena Martin (Waddy, Ky.) ;Misses Margaret and Edith Shive,(Atlanta, Ga.) ; Mary Adams Talbott,Charlotte Henry, Sarah Traylor (Corbin) ; Frances Clay, Patsy Clarke,Charlina Ball, Agnes Turner, Kath-erine Wilson, Alberta Moffett (Mil-lersburg) ; Mrs. Douglas Clay, Mrs.John Stuart, Mrs. Patton, Mrs. CiaySutherland, Mrs. Harry Currents MissLitsey (Harrodsburg.)( Other Personals on Page 8)ixsxesxixshxbx;iAaBA:K eJ:One-Dollar Sale!On Thursday, Friday and SaturdayAugust 21, 22 and 23We will offer a $1.00sale of the followingItems:3 yards 40c Shirtings $1 003 yards Light or Dark Percale t1 A A4 yards 40c Apron Ginghams M A AUAWTlFor4 yards Outing, white onlyFor$1.25 Table LinenFor5 Huck TowelsFor3 pairs Hose, silkFor$1.00$1.00Ji.oo$1.00$1.00$1.00One lot latest Trimmed Hats 1 flftWorth up to J7.SO, each i : flwHARRY SIMON6 pairs Hose, lisleFor4 yards Indian LinenForMMMUMIXS5X1is aVvWevJW soon need wfinwAwI Our FurmVure. vUswS&)ovV you need some IrEJpNOWV m m'. comFOR SALE'j 'We have for sale 30 extra goodSouthdown and Hampshire buck's,yearlings and 'two-year-olds.CATtfTOOD & McCIJNTOCK,.(22aug-4't) ' ' ' Paris, Ky.House WantedWanted, to rent a house of five orsix rooms, in good neighborhood.Call on or address,CHAS. B. MAY,(22-lt) Paris, Ky., .?? iMiss Homelover;If you are going to get married or if any ofyour friends are going tr get married you will findour store the store you need. We can help youfurnish your home or help you select a suitablewedding gift for your friends.Our furniture and rugs are of the BESTQUALITY, latest in design and pattern and wesell them for LOW PRICES.You cant be disappointed in our store.X'rotJ. T. HINTON CO.EITHJE RPHONE; 36 PARIS, KENTUCKY SIXTH AND MAIMMotor Hearse Motor Invalid Coach UndertakingTBIIxlXIXIXIXI-XIXIXIXIXIXIXIXIX1XIIXI1XIX1X1XIXIXIXIXJlxjfv:i'rrt.: iV PEIDAT, AUGUST 22, ISIS.2AGX EX "iJSWZJFiwatwwraiTHE BOTOBOH HEWS, PA1IS, UITOUU KWWflKIDNEYS WEAKENING?LOOK OUT!Kidney troubles don't disappear ofthemselves. They grow slowly butsteadily, undermining health withdeadly certainty, until you fall a victim to incurable disease.Stop your troubles while there is time.kn't wait until little pains become bigches. iDon't trifle with disease. Toavoid future suffenng begin treatmentwith GOLD MEDAL. Haarlem Oil Capsules now. Take three or four everyday until you are entirely free frompais.'This well-known preparation baa beenme of the national remedies of Holland for centuries In 1696 the govem-nent of the Netherlands granted aspecial charter authorizing its preparation and sale.THE DOLLAR, NOW AKB THEN.The saying bas come up from the"dark ages that the way to makemoney is to buy cheap and sell dear.As the Government of the UnitedStates is pointing out to its citizensone way to do this is to buy standard securities when general pricesare high and hold them for redemption when prices are lower. W. S.S. posters urge investors to use thepresent "low power" dollar to buygovernment securities and to receivein redemption at a later period"high power" dollars.Here is how it works:Before the war you earned, say$3.00 a day. Now you can earn, say,The next timeyou buy calomelask forThe purified and refinedcalomel tablets that arenausealess, safe and sureMedicinal virtues retained .and improTed. Soldonly in sealed parkaget.Price 35cAetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityAid OtherCasualtiesA. 1. FEEAGENTBRIGHTEREVENINGSNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.useOlectria'tiTor OptingIt's the only satisfactory way.use erasfor iKatiitg and Cooking, Iff the only sensible plan.iLeiU Fix Yon UpFor the Use of BothElectricity and Gat.Paris Gas & Electric Co.; YlflcoTDonted) 'fllalotaos"Irt W& 1OIThe housewife of Holland would almost as soon be without food as without her "Real Dutch Drops," as shaquaintly calls GOLD MEDAL HaarlemOil Capsules. They restore strengthand are responsible in a great measurefor the sturdy, robust health of theHollanders.Do not delay. Go to your druggist andinsist on his supplying you with GOLDMEDAL Haarlem Oil Capsules. Takethem as directed, and if you are notsatisfied with results your druggist willgladly refund your money. Look forthe name GOLD MEDAL on the boxand accept no other. In sealed boxes,three sizes.$5.00 for doing the same work. Butyou can't buy any more with yourfive dollars than you could with yourthree dollars other prices have goneup in proportion to the price of yourlabor.If, some years after the war isover, prices and wages decrease somewhat you may, for example, be earning and spending $4.00 per day.Your War Savings Stamps becomedue and the Government gives youback your $83, or the then value ofnearly 21 days' labor, plus your $17interest. In terms of days 'labor theGovernment is giving back four daysmore than it received from you, besides your $17 interest. This changing value of the dollar has mademany persons richer and otherspoorer without their knowing exactlyhow it happened. Now is the chanceto join the class of those who aregoing to be made richer, and one safeway to join is by buying the convenient government security the"War Savings Stamps."BAYER CROSS"ON ASPIRINAlways rAsk for Genuine"Bayer Tablets of Aspirin"Only Aspirin Tablets with thesafety "Bayer Cross" on them aregenuine "Bayer Tablets of Aspirin,"owned and made by Americans andproved safe by millions of people.Unknown Quantities of fraudulentAspirin Tablets were sold recently bya Brooklyn dealer which proved tobe composed mostly of TalcumPowder."Bayer Tablets of Aspirin" shouldalways be asked for. Then look forthe safety "Bayer Cross" on thepackage and on each tablet. Acceptnothing else! Proper directions anddosage in each Bayer package.Aspirin is the trade mark of BayerManufacturer of Monoaceticacidesterof Salicylicacid.(apr4-tf-F-126)oThe American Red Cross joiningwith the American Belief Administration has appropriated $2,500 fororganization, of "Food Clubs" amongchildren of Jugo-Solvakia. Theseclubs are helping to solve the problem of getting children back toschools which have been closed sincethe outbreak of the war.RAT-SNAP- E3LE5 SATSAlso mice. Absolutely -preventsodors from carcass. One packageproves this. RAT-SNAP comes incakes no mixing with other food.Guaranteed.25c. size Cone cake) enough forPantry, Kitchen or Cellar.50c. size (2 cakes) fr ChickenHouse, Coops, or Small Buildings.$1.00 size (5 cakes) enough forall farm and out-buildings, storagebuildings.Sold and Guaranteed by FarmersSupply Co. (8-4tF)HOMEKILLEDMEATSVealPorkBeefLambIt's the BestTo Be HadMflRGOLEN'Sn mm m iM . mmm M aaL Afl l IDcllIILrll V ITIfrtl iviariTfar- flrH:BED CEOSS MOTOR SERVICEWON'T DEMOBILIZE.Red Cross motor service whichcarried on" in England during thewar will not hear the order to demobilize. The British Red Cross hasa plan whereby the entire countrywill be divided into sections with noplace more thanr 15 miles from amotor ambulance. Five hundred ofthese ambulances so familiar to anyof the Americans who were in Boulogne during the war are now beinghoused in stations throughout thekingdom.Control of the system will be under a commissioner and central office,which will guarantee the efficiencyof the car service.Ambulances which are too wartorn or not adapted for this phase ofpeace work are being added to theenormous number of cars and motorcycles, now being sold or scrapped.This is just one instance of howthe Red Cross is adapting its serviceto the peace time needs of the world.In a recent letter to D. C. Dougherty, Acting Manager of the organization in Ohio, Indiana and Kentuckj', F. C. Monroe, General Manager at National Headquarters, "Washington, D. C, writes of the future ofthe Red Cross chapters, saying:"If we embrace the opportunitythat lies open to us now, the workthat we did during the war, greatas it was, will pale into insignificance when compared with the lasting effects of our work in the future." oA TEAVELING MAN'S EXPERIENCE You may learn something from thefollowing by W. H. Ireland, a traveling salesman of Louisville, Ky. "Inthe summer of 1888 I had a severeattack of cholera morbus. I gave thehotel porter fifty cents and told himto buy me a bottle of Chamberlain'sColic and Diarrhoea Remedy and totake no substitute. I took a doubledose of it according to the directionsand went to sleep. At five o'clock thenext morning I was called by my order and took a train for my nextstopping place, a well man."(adv-aug)ENORMOUS COST OF WORLD WARLONDON, August 19. The warcost forty billion pounds ($250,000,000,000 (, Premier Lloyd George declared in his speech in the Houseof Commons Monday, on the financialand industrial situation. Most ofthis sum was spent for purposes ofdestruction.He asserted that the change fromwar to peace conditions would takejust as long as the change frompeace to war.The first outstanding fact of thepresent situation was the alarmingadverse trade balance, he said.The important restrictions, whichwill terminate September 1, he continued, had given British manufaceurers an opportunity of making adealing in goods which otherwisewould have been hurried here fromforeign countries.The national debt, he declared, hadgrown from $3,205,000,000 to $39,000,000,000. oMR. VAUGHN, FARMER, TELLSHOW HE LOST ALL HISPRIZE SEED CORN.Some time ago I sent away forsome pedigreed seed corn. Put it ina gunney sack and hung it on a ropesuspended from roof. Rats got it allhow, beats me, but they did, because I got 5 dead whoopers in themorning after trying RAT-SNAP."Three sizes, 25c, 50c, $1.00.Sold and guaranteed by The Farmers Supply Co. (adv aug)COVINGTON THINKS LIQUOR BANWILL BE LUTED SOON.A Covington dispatch states thatofficial information has been receivedthere from the office of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue to theeffect that, in the event wartime prohibition is terminated, spirits represented by warehouse receipts nowpurchased for export, may be taxpaid for beverage or other domesticpurposes. At the Lexington revenueoffice it was said that no instructionsas to the question involved had yetbeen received.Receipts intended for exportationto other countries are said to represent a vast quantity of whisky, ofwhich eight and a quarter milliongallons yet remain in warehouses ofthis district. Under the ruling setout, much of this would be deliveredto domestic channels to the profit ofthe owners. Covington distillers anddealers believe that the ban will belifted in the not distant future.THE BEST PHYSIC.When you want a pleasant physictry Chamberlain's Tablets. They areeasy to take and mild and gentle ineffect. They are highly prized bypeople who have become acquaintedwith their good qualities. They onlycost a quarter.oTIES ITSH LINE TO TOE; HASTROUT IN MORNING.Donald F. Whipple, of Waterton,New York, thinks so much of fishingthat he must do it while he sleeps.He had such great luck fishing fortrout at Sandy-pond that he -refusedto quit when the lights out wassounded. He went to bed, tied a linewith a well-baited "hook on it aroundhis big toe and tossed the line out ofthe window. tEarly in the morning there was atus He had looked rfL(f our poundtrout ttT1- vrrnn 'njmi3 1."""w "v" wao ecivcu xur urea&-fast.l1 ?nSill iilllliif f IB!is fWSnM'illlk lilliil m I ;; :SifeMjyJ!fOj that clever, practical pound crystal glass humidor with sponge . JfiaaaiCopyright 1910 byIt. J. ReTOoldaTobMCoG.A GREAT EEMEBY.The merits of Chamberlain's Colicand Diarrhoea Remedy are wellknown and appreciated, but there isoccasionally a man who had no acquaintance with them and shouldread the following by F. H. Dear, ahotel man at DuDuver. Mont. "Fouryears ago I used Chamberlain's Colicana Uiarrnoea Remedy with suchwonderful results that I have sincerecommended it to my friends.". (adv-aug)PATS DIE!so' do mice, once' they eat RATSNAP. And they leave no odor behind. Don't take our word fortfttry a package. Cats and dogs won'ttouch it. Rats pass up alL food toget RAT-SNAP." Three szes.25c. size w(l cake) enough forPantry, Kitchen or Cellar.50c. size (2 cakes) tor ChickenHduse, coops, or small buildings.$1.00 size (5 cakes) enough forall farm and out-buildings. 'building, or factory buildings.Sold and 9 . .DageETAOIN AONNSold and Guaranteedr by iFarmersSupply Co. - ,(8-415?)!' "THE UNIVERSAL ARRUGGLES: ; 16 Bank1 Row, Paris, Ky. 4 t" " BMPvTALKthat just lavishes smokehappiness onevery man game enough to make a bee line for atidy red tin and a jimmy pipe old or new!Get it straight that what you've hankered for inpipe or cigarette makin's smokes you'll find aplentyin P. A. That's because P. A. has the quality!You can't any more make Prince Albert bite yourtongue or parch your throat than you can make a horsedrink when he's off the water! Bite and parch are cutout by our exclusive patented process !You just lay back like a regular fellow and puff to beatthe cards and wonder why in samhill you didn't nail asection in the P. A. smokepasture longer than you care.to remember back!Buy Prince Albert everywhere tobacco is sold. Toppy red bags,tidy red tins, handsome pound and half pound tin humidors andthat clever, practical pound crystal glass humidor with spongemoistener top that keeps the tobacco in such perfect conditionR. J. Reynolds TobaccoIA MAN AND HIS WIFE.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 Hpme Phone 169Send That Next JobBourbon News. Bestabout smokes, Prince AlbertX is geared to a joyhandout standardCo., Winston-Salem, N. Cmay both derive saiisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greati ving, must surely satisfy you.J A phone brings us.of Printing to TheIjVpifcRight Prices.O J 1 fsf S -V,f'Qv'Wtwc Srwj.r FRIDAY, AUGUST 22, 1919.ffife BOTTEBOH NEWS, BASIS, SSHTTCK?r""irPAGISPECIALSFor This WeekWASH SKIRTSSlightly Soiled98c'.Values up to 3.00 and $4.00HATS98cEvery Hat Must Go.Ladies' White CottonHose15c PairMuslin Underwear ReducedvrWvWTWIN BROS.Department Store7th and Main Paris, KyWilraoth'sFreshHome! Baked Breads,!Cakes, Pies, Etc.DailyFreshMeats,Roasts,Steaks,Chops, Fancy Goods.FamousCoffees and TeasWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 3T6POISONLIKE UNTOVernon of SnakesProfessor H. Strauss; M. D.;"of theRoyal Charity Hospital, says; fThecause for an attack ol goat, rheumatism;lumbago, is supplied by the increase ofuric acid in the blood serum; the resultof various causes, the most frequent ofwhich is renal. Before an attack, onesuffers sometimes from headache, neuralgia, twinges of pain here and there'When your kidneys feel like lumps ofleadf when the back hurts or the urineis cloudy, full of sediment; or you areobliged to seek relief two or three timesduring the night; when you suffer withsick .headache, or dizzy, nervous spells,acid stomach; or you have rheumaticpains or lumbago, gout, sciatica whenthe weather is bad, do not neglect thewarning, but try simple means . Takesix or eieht classes of water during thej day, then obtain at your nearest drugstore 'An-uric (anti-uric acid).This is the discovery of Dr. Pierce oithe Invalids' Hotel, Buffalo, N. Y. "Anuric" is an antidote for this uric acidpoisoning and dissolves uric acid in thebody much as hot coffee dissolves sugar."Anuric" will penetrate into the jointsf and muscles, and dissolve the poisonousaccumulations. It will stamp out toxinsSend 10 cents to Dr. Pierce's InvalidHatel, Buffalo, N. Y., for trial pacl aeCAPTIVE AMERICAN" FLEERS RESCUED BY CAVALRY.MARFA, TEXAS, Aug. 19. Lieutenants H. G. Peterson and Paul H.Davis, aviators of the United StatesArmy, held captives for more than aweek by Mexican bandits, who deImanded a ransom of $15,000, werej rescued early this morning1 by Cap! tain Matlack, of the Eighth. Cavalry,and are safe in American territory.i Captain Matlack brought back withhim one half the ransom money. Hesaid after Peterson had been released, Davi3 was brought forward byj the bandits and the two mountedj Captain Matlack's horse.The bandits demanded the remainder of the ransom money and Captain Matlack and Davis answered byriding rapidly away.Make Use of OarTraction ExpressKy. Traction & TerminalCo.NO MORE RATS!I .or mice, alter you use kat-sina'.It's a sure rodent killer. Try apackage and prove it. Rats killedwith RAT-SNAP leave no smell. Catsor dogs won't touch it. Guaranteed.25c. size (1 cake) enough forPantry, Kitchen or Cellar.50c. size (2 cakes) r ChickenHouse, Coops, or small buildings.$1.00 size (5 cakes) enough forall farm and out-buildings, storagebuliding, or factory buildings.Sold and Guaranteed by FarmersSupply Co. (8-4tF)SCHOOL CHILDREN TO GET HANDGRENADE SAVINGS BANES.Banks of the Kentucky Federal Reserve District are sending in rush orders for the hand grenade bankswhich the War Savings Organization Division is soon to distribute through the banks to the schoolchildren of Kentucky.Under the scheme adopted by theKentucky banks they will "lend" agrenade bank to any child under seventeen years old who applies for it.To secure ownership of the grenadebank the child will be required toearn enough money to purchase oneWar Savings Stamp, and take themoney to the institution wfiere thegrenade bank was secured and buy aWar Savings Stamp there.The children will be allowed theentire Summer to do the work andthey will be required to surrenderthe grenade bank unless they purchase a War Savings Stamp beforeOctober 1. This plan has made itpossible to allow the child the use ofthe grenade bank to save his penniesand dimes, while he is accumulatingenough to buy his War SavingsStamps.After the re-opening of school andafter all the qualified children havebeen supplied, the hand grenades willbe given to persons over seventeenyears who purchase three or moreWar Savings Stamps.The hand grenades which are thehighest development of the time-honoredweapon, are transformed intothrift agencies by the simple processof clearing out the explosive chamber, cutting a slot through shrapnelcasting, which is the body of thegrenade, and substituting a removable screw for the base of the casting.The grenade bank will hold 100 pennies or 100 dimes. With the exception of these changes the grenade remain in the exact form designatedfor their oroginal purpose. Acrossthe face of the grenade bank appearthe words, "Buy W. S. S."oAH OLD FAULT UNDER.An irritable and fault finding disposition is often caused by indigestion. A man with good digestion andbowels that act regularly is usuallygood natured. When troubled withindigestion 'or constipation takeChamberlain's Tablets. Theystrengthen the stomach and enable itto perform its functions naturally.They also cause a gentle movement ofthe bowels.(adv-aug)TAKE A VACATIONorThis Drink Doesn'tChange Its PriceIts quality doesn't vary,and it doesn't start a headache. The OriginalPostum Cerealis pure and drug-free. Itwill agree with you, andits rich, robust flavormakes it a big favorite.A vacation always helps the manwoman who has been busy overn inn? np.riod. The farmer and hisgood wife have been even busier than Jusual this year. Tney ootn neea anadeserve a rest and a change nowthat at last a portion of the heavyrush work is over for this season.The State Fair will afford thefarmer, his helpmate and his familya vacation which will rest them andat the same time educate them in abroad, liberal way. The farmershould take this vacation both because he and his family must domore and better work during thenext twelve months to help keep theworld well-fed and also because hehas the money. In fact the farmerought to consider his visit to theState Fair this year both a duty anda pleasant vacation at the same time."WHY I PUT UP WITH RATS PORYEARS," WRITES N. WINDSOR, PARMER."Years ago I bought some rat poison, which nearly killed our finewatchdog. It so scared us that wesuffered a long time with rats untilmy neighbor told me about RATSNAP. That's the sure rat killer anda safe one." Three sizes, 25c, 50c,?1.00.Sold and guaranteed by The Farmers Supply Co. (adv aug)oKENTUCKY PAIRS.Postum isany mealyoung.a real part offor old andaThere's a ReasonyjWOOD, STUBBS & COMPANY7 CUMULATIVE PREFERRED STOCKPrjefecred as to assets and dividends. Annual Sinking Fund 'payments f10 of net earnings will be used to purchase Preferred Stock at not overHO aad accrued dividend.Net earnings for past three years have averaged over four times dividendrequirements on this stock.Net quick assets equal $131 per share on all Preferred Stock, and total netMttfl. equal $259 per share.PRICE lOO. Special Circular on Request.JAMES C. WILLSON & CO.210 S. Fifth Street, LOUISVILLE, KY.Following is a list of the Kentuckyfairs and their dates so far as havebeen reported to us:September 8 Kentucky State Fair,Louisville, 6 days.August 26 Hopkinsville, 5 days.August 21 Ewing, 3 days.August 27 Florence, 4 days.September 1 Blue Grass Fair,Lexington, 6 days.September 2 Hodgenville, 3 days.September 2 Bowling Green, 5days.September 2 Somerset, 4 days.o"RAT-SNAP BEATS THE BEST RATTRAP EVER MADE," MRS.EMILY SHAW SAYS."My husband bought a $2 trap. Ibought a 50c box of RAT-SNAP.The trap only caught 3 rats, butRAT-SNAP killed 12 in a week. I'mnever without RAT-SNAP. Reckon Icouldn't raise chicks without it."RAT-SNAP comes in cakes. Threesizes, 25c, 50c, $1.00.Sold and guaranteed by The Farmers Supply Co. (adv aug)KENTUCKY RACING DATESThe following are the official racing dates for the fall season in Kentucky: Lexington Saturday, September13, to Saturday, September 20; sevendays.Louisville (Churchill Downs)Thursday, October 23, to Saturday,November 1; nine days:Latonia Wednesday, September24, to Saturday, October 18, twentytwo days.Jr mWMmJLmmmmmW'tmu ttoasted.., fc v XWI Vra YMbtiH i V x ILUCKYSTRIKEcigarette'It's toasted to increase the good,wholesome flavorof the KentuckyBurley tobacco.A regular man'ssmoke and delicious!1920 SeriesModel "K"-44A.9 -jAiai4ick Three-Passenger RoadsterTHE BUICK Model K-Six-44 pcmtmtB marked advantages for theman or woman who wishes a car of limited passenger capacity, withan exceptionally roomy and comfortable driving compartment. Thisthree-passenger model makes the most of these desirable features,without sacrificing one whit of the modish appearance that belongsto the type.The body is distinctly a Duick creation, broadening out to accommodate a wide, deep seat for three, then curving in at the back toform a trim rear deck with a weatherproof carrying space for luggage.The riimrnsiorn of the driving comportment insure easy entranceor exit from either side, with the control and brake levers well forward but within easy reach. The French pleated upholstery is builtfor long wear and comfort.IncHned windshield, handsome improved top of high gradematerial, side curtains that swing open with the doors.,smK-i&sBT.i a-Jao jRotftf iWhen Better Automobiles Are Built BUICK Will Build ThemC. . BALL GARAGEFourth and Pleasant Streets,Having become accustomed to thoseuncomfortable tin hats, returningwarriors may be able to wear evenderbies without a grimace.KILLS RATS!onds.and mice that's RAT-SNAP, the oldreliable rodent destroyer. Comes incakes no mixing with other food.Your money back if it fails.25c size (1 cake) enough forPantry, Kitchen or Cellar.50c. size (2 cakes) for ChickenHouse, coops, or small buildings.$1.00 size (5 cakes) enough forall farm and out-buildings, storagebuildings, or factory buildings.Sold and Guaranteed by FarmersSupply Co. (8-4tF) J. J. Veatch, District Manager.The Home Telephone Your ServantFor Only a Few Cents Per Daytf wsjfdSX SStteattoMS He u " ""He will instantly present to you the grocer, butcher, baker orthe trades-folks, or the doctor, fire department or police In -TrtW.He will go far beyond the confines of the town and brinr to -toii.amazingly short time a member of the family or one of your eood !?pective customers. 6He will summons the railroad, boat or theatre ticket In a fewPari Home Telephone TeleVjrabhCompany(Incorp orated)W. RsCaaiOB, LocalVHfltiwAM EIGHT;ri3the Botrafcotf SEWS, PAWS, ISS&tlttFRIDAY, AUGUST 22, 1919. ?I 1IiFitfcMILLERSBURGMiss Elizabeth. Boston is improving nicely.Miss Lavina Layson is enjoyingan outing at Boonesboro.Quite a number from here areattending the Ewing Fair.Mr. E. W. Amtnerman, of Lebanon, was the guest of friends herefrom Monday until Wednesday.Dr. K. C. Burroughs has -returnedafter a two-weeks' sojourn atSwango Springs.Shoes at the same old prices.Buy before they advance.R. M. CALDWELL.Messrs. Aaron, of Harrison, O.,and T. T. Bentley, of Carlisle, were"here Wednesday.Do not fail to call for Governor'sCup Coffee, at Caldwell's. It is goodin quality, cheap in price.Mr. and Mrs. D. L. Leggett returned Monday after a ten-days sojourn at Cherry Grove camp meeting.Prof. Harry Best, of Lexington,was the guest of his brother, Mr. A.S. Best and family, Saturday andSunday.Mr. and Mrs. T. D. Judy returned Wednesday after a few weeksvisit to their daughter, Mesdames K.R, Vaught.Miss Nancy Louise Best, who hasbeen spending the summer in NewYork, returned Wednesday.In a recent issue of "The ThrillBook" there ir an interesting story,"The Crystal Ball, "written by Mr.'James Hawes, son of Mrs. MattieHawes, of Millersburg.I am prepared to have your drycleaning done on short notice, as Irepresent Levy,' the dry cleaner, atParis. Work guaranteed and prices'Tisrht. "R. M. OALDWELL.wK nnv niairo onii atLaura Layson have as guests Mrs. J."W. Morford, Jos. Morford, Jr., Mrs."William Young" and Miss MargaretKinnear, all of Lexington.The Sunday School of the Christian church gave a picnic Tuesdayon the lawn of Mr. B. H. Kerr. Thelittle folks were taken out in automobiles. Swings and many gamesgames ' were arranged for theirart;sements, and a delightful lunchv;- served at noon. siMr. and Mrs. S. M. Allen, Dr.and Mrs. F. A. Herbert, Mrs. HoracePurdy, son and daughter, Mr. andMrs. A. T. Maffott and daughterhave returned after a week's sojournat Crab Orchard Springs. Mrs. A. T.Maffott will heturn Saturday.Misses Dorothy Peed and NancyLouise Best have accepted positionsas instructors in Sayre College, Lexington, for the coming year. MissBest will be in charge of the musicaldepartment of the college, while MissPeed is in the literary department.Mrs. Anna Jefferson, of Paris,has purchased of Mr. J. T. Judy a.cottage on Main street, adjoining thehome of Mr. J. F. Judy, at a price notmade public. Mrs. Bessie Caldwellbought the home of Muss MargaretClarKfe, on Main street, at a privateprice. j j tgftMiss Margaret Allen is entertaining a house party composed ofthe following: Miss Katie Elliott,of Hickory, N. C, Miss Moody Ad2iey, of Deland, Fla,, Miss JaneHodgboom, of Kingstown, N. Y., andMiss Frances Solomon, of Macon,v Georgia. Many social functions are"being planned in their honor.he "Womanless Wedding" willbe given at M, M. I.- Drill Hall Friday evening, Aug. 29th, at 8:30Qtclock. Miss Clementine Miller, ofMississippi, will arrive Monday totage the wedding. Fifty men willSolves yourHeating ProblemPREPARE now for nest- winter's heating with aWilliamson Pipeless Furnace. Its single registersends- glowing warmth allthrough your house. Itsaves the bother of stovesor grates, burns hard orsoft coal, coke or wood.Hundreds of farm homes foundThe WILLIAMSONPIPELESS FURNACE& blessing last winter. It is easily .installed without tearing up floors',and walls for pipes and flues. Itgoes into the cellar "but doeanot 'heat it. Come in and sec 'thissubatantial, well-built furnace;. Itk fuel and labor saver. JMLS Best & Co., Agts.Millersburg, Ky.loth Phonos. 33(F-epl TF-oct 1)Bat auBftB?lBw!9 "US Bhpi-E Jytake part in the performance. Therehearsal will he held Tuesday nightat the Drill Hall at M. M. I.Mr. Wallace Bowles, who has recently been mustered out of thearmy service, arrived home Wednesday. He has been across the waterin naval service- a number of times.Mrs. Kate Hodge and Mr. andMrs. Marr, of Macon, Ga., have returned to their homes after a threeweeks' visit to Mr. and Mrs. W. D.Mclntyre.oDEATHS.McCLINTOCK.News was received here lateTuesday night of the sudden deathin Atlanta, Ga., of Mr. Russell McClintock, youngest brother of Mr.John McClintock, of Lexington. Mr.McClintock left Lexington immediately upon receipt of the news, forAtlanta, where he will take chargeof the body and accompany it toLexington, where the burial willtake place.Mr. McClintock was the youngestson of the late Mr. and Mrs. Alexander McClintock, for many yearsresidents of Millersburg vicinity, andwas a cousin of Sheriff Will G. McClintock, of this city. He is survived by seven brothers and sisters:Prof. Win. D. McClintock, of NewYork; Mrs. Mary Haydon, Mrs. S. C.Stofer and Mr. John McClintock, allof Lexington, and Mrs. E. H. Hayes,of Jacksonville, Florida. Mr. McClintock's wife, who was Miss Llewellyn, died about four years ago.The body will be brought to thehome of his sister, Mrs. Stofer, onEast Main street, to-day, andthe funeral will be held from theresidence, followed by burial on thefamily lot in the Millersburg Cemetery. oRELIGIOUS.Rev. C. R. Miller has closed asuccessful series of revival meetingsat one of, his churches in Rowancounty. He will rest a few days before beginning other meetings.Rev. Newton L. Shropshire, pastor of the Clintonville Christianchurch,, has closed a successful revival meeting at the Hilltop Christian Christian church, in Flemingcounty.QBIRTHS.On Harmon street, in this city,to the wife of Mr. E. H. Miller, adaughter.To the wife of Mr. John Howard,near Paris, their thirteenth child,eleven living. The boy has beenchristened Frederick "Wallis Howard.Mr. Howard is manager of the Wallisfarm near Austerlitz.john nosrrcsoN's circusIs Coming In All Its Glory WithMany New Novel and Sensational Features,Fresh from winter quarters, brightand glittering with gold leaf r Avari-hued paints, teeming with jndreds of new and novel fe .ures,John Robinson's Circus, the largest,oldest and best in the whole world,will give a wonderful parade and twoperformances in Winchester, Friday,Aug. 29, and Lexington, Saturday,Aug. 30.This season marks the 95th forthis remarkable tented organization,one that is now being managed bythe head of the third generation ofthe family bearing a name that is ahousehold word from coast to coast.John Robinson, the First, originated the first traveling tented showin the United States in 1824 and theorganization has been continuouslyoperated ever since. Old John Robinson died in Cincinnati, O., shortlyafter the close of the Civil War andthe management of the show, then asmall affair, pulled from place toplace in wagons, devolved upon theoldest son of the owner, John theSecond. The latter modernized theorganization and was the first showman to use the railroads for transportation and to light his tents withelecticity.Year by year the circus grew inevery department unjtil it became thelargest and best in existence. Several years ago John the Second retired from active life and the show passed to the leadership of John G. Robinson, a grandson of the founder,and a man wTell known tonumerous residents in this vicinity.This season the circus has fourlong railroad trains, five hundredhorses, 1,427 employees, three hundred famous arenic artists, a remarkable menagerie including "Congo,"a baby Hippopotamus and a herd oftwenty-five elephants.(22-2t)STOCK, CROP, ETC.Turney Bros., of near Paris purchased this week for $75 an extragood Southdown lamb ram from Robert McEwan, of London, Ontario.ALAMOAFTERNOON, 2:W-5:30GRANDEVENING, 7:00-10:30TODAY ANDTOMORROWPLAYINGADMISSON: Adults 31c plusSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Miss Maude Munsey, of Irvine, isa guest of Mrs. H. M. Beasley, nearParis.Miss Ann Molloy, of Lexington,is a guest at the home of Mr. andMrs. J. Miller Ward, near Paris.Mrs. Louis T. Lilleston has returned from a visit to her parents,Mr. and Mrs. J. T. McGrath, in Harrodsburg. Mrs. Charles Ramsey has return-,ed to her home in Charleston, WestVa., after a visit to Mr. and Mrs.R. S. Darnaby.Miss Mary Walker has returnedto her home in Versailles after avisit to her cousins, the MissesWelsh, near Paris.Mr. and Mrs. E. P. Weatliershave gone to Asheville, N. C, where"the former hopes to be benefitted bythe change of climate.Mrs. Thos. A. Higgins has returned to her home in this city after avisit to her sister, Mrs. MargaretMcLaughlin, in Lexington.Mr. Frederick Wallis arrivedTuesday from New York to join Mrs.Wallis in a Visit at the home of herparents, Mr. and Mrs. Thos. HenryClay, on Pleasant street.Mrs. Robert Bishop and son, Mr.and Mrs. Frank Isgrigg, Mrs. KateChappell and Misses Lizzie and Lillie Hough, of Paris, were guests at adining given in Cynthiana by Mr.and Mrs. J. B. Cunnigham.Mr. and Mrs. Austin Winchell, ofIndianapolis, are at the Petree Sanitarium, on Vine street, where thelatter will remain for treatment. Mr.Winchell will return to his home inIndianapolis in a few days.Mr. and Mrs. Lou Taylor have returned from Rochester, Minn., whereMrs. Taylor was for a short time inthe Mayo Bros.' Hospital. -Afteran examination the surgeons decidedthat an operation would not be, necessary. rtMr. Foster Lytle, of the -R. P.'Walsh sales force, is spending, hisvacation in Maysville, and In,. : Cincinnati. His mother, Mrs.. J. -VLytle. is visitinsr her dauerhterv .Mrs.Brooks Dodson, and Mr. Dodsorik 'iiWMaysville. , -;Misses Mary Frances Barkley-,ofCynthiana, and Ruby Cantrill Shropshire, of Geoargetown, and Mr.Bruce Briney, of Louisville, have returned to their homes after a visitto Miss Marion CantrillV on Win-'Chester street.Miss Josie Maher, who recentlyunderwent a serious surgical operation at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, is improving rapidly. Her sister, Mrs. Mollie 'McKee,who has been with her for some time,has returned to her home in Cincinnati. Miss Beatrice Lusby, of Elizabethtown, en route to Berea to enterBerea College, is a guest of her sister, Miss Clemmie Lusby, at the homeof Mr. ad Mrs. N. A. Moore. MissClemmie Lusby, who has been a guestof Mrs. Moore for several days, willreturn Saturday night to Baltimore,Md., to resume her duties as aide atthe U. S. Army Hospital No. 2, atFort McHenry.Mrs. William Cooper entertainedWednesday afternoon at her home onCypress street with a Five Hundredparty in compliment to her sister,Miss Phoebe Litsey, of Harrodsburg,who is her guest. The guests whopartook of the hostess' hospitalitywere Misses Sara Louise .Bedford andguest, Miss Sara Rowena Martin,Agnes Turner, Charlotte Henry andguest, Miss Sara Traylor, WillieSoper, Nancy Young and PatsyClarke. Refreshments of frozenpudding, cakes and mints wereserved.The days of long ago were recalled Wednesday by a visit from aformer Parisian, Mr. T. PorterSmith, now a residentxbfStbs Angeles,Cali. Mr. Smith is in the real estateand insurance business in Los Angeles, and has beej?vvery successful.He reports the Bourbon "county people as all doing well in the PacificCoast City. Thisis his -first visit"back home" in fifteen years, andUK iiui.es intuit uuaiigco xii i. nc uiuhome town." Mr. Smith left vester-day for a business--trip -to EasternToday, FridayEthel ClaytonIN --"VICKY VAN""Vicky Van" is a detectivestory and a mighty good one.AlsoRUTH ROLANDIN"The Tiger's TrailFJ-VENETIANAND SINGING ORCHESTRA4c war tax 35c. Children andcities. He will return to Paris fora longer visit.Mr. and Mrs. S. E. McClanahanattended the funeral and burial ofMrs. Charles P. Faris, in Flemingsburg. Mr. and Mrs. Edward F. Prichard were guests recently of Mr. andMrs. E. H. Kenner and family, inFlemingsburg.Mr. and Mrs. Wallace Howe,well-known and well-liked by Parispeople, have removed from WestVirginia and have taken charge ofthe hotel at Olympia Springs. Themeans a big increase in populationfor the Springs. Mr. and Mrs. Howeaie model hosts, and Kentucky people love to spend their vacations atresorts in their charge.The Cynthiana Democrat says:"Mr. and Mrs. H. C. Wilson left Monday for their new home, Paris, muchto the regret of friends here. Theyhave bought a home on Pleasantstreet, in that city, street number1114." Paris extends a hearty andcordial welcome to Mr. and Mrs. Wilson, in the hope that they will findas warm friends here as those theyhave just left.(Other Personaia on Page 5)NEW NAMES ADDED TO CONFEDERATE PENSION IIST BIIXTwenty-four names have been added to the Kentucky Confederatepension roll. There are now 2,482names on the pension list and checksamounting to $88,956 were mailed tothe pensioners by Capt. W. J. Stone,Commissioner of Confederate Pensions.ANOTHER WEEKOf the Great Money-SavingSWEEP EM OUT SALEJ&Another week o"Fs4lust fumicai u-lfi vaiucs. ividny are uuying now Tor Tucurc as well;pas present needs-buying now because they appreciatev these wonderful values and realize that shoe prices havegreatly advanced and are going higher.By taking advantage of this opportune SaleBy buying Shoes now for the entire familySAVE and avoid the inevitable higher prices for FallWomen's Gun Metal and PatentKid Oxfords and PumpsCuban and low heels, mostly small sizes,$3.00, $4.00Women's Canvas OxfordsTrimmed rubber sole, low heel, all sizes,$2.00 values, atLadies' dark, tan, black, patent kid fro nrPumps, Louis heel, $5.00 values 0VOLadies, Satin and Grey Oxfords, Louis andCuban heel, custom made 86.00 frj jrvalues at pfKzK)Ladies' White Canvas Boots, Oxfords andPumps, also Black Kid Pumps, Louis andlow English heel. All size3. $4.00 fr) nvalues at yL,VOLadies' White Canvas Oxfords and Pumps,also Black Kid. High and low heel, fro ah$3.50 values at $Z.4iJLadies' White Canvas Pumps, Cuban andhigh heel, also Black Kid. $3.00 fr nrvalues at . $JL!J)Men's Mahogany Tan English and Broad ToeOxfords and Shoes, Walk-Over and frr ACother famous makes, $7.00 values. . . $K"DSubstantial ReductionsDANParis' Greatest Shoe StoreTomorrow, SaturdayMabel NormandIN"When DoctorsDisagree"One of the most original anddifferent pictures ever screened.Also a Crlstie Comedy"Perils and a Peach"and GEO. LARKIN in"Tfce Terror of the Range"SERENADERSGallery 22c plus 3c war tax 25cINTERESTING OH NOTESAttorney C. A. McMillan has returned from Louisville, where he hasbeen on legal business in connectionwith the Unity Oil Company, ofwhich he is president. The companyhas contracted for four wells to bedrilled on their Allen county lease of200 acres.The Cosmos Oil Compnay is building a rig on the Jones tract in theDesdemonia pool in Texas offsettingbig production. Read the CosmosCo.'s large display advertisementpublished on page 3 of this issueof THE NEWS.Mr. Julian Howe is local agent forthe Cosmos Oil Company.The opinion i3 current among localioil men that tne Paris oil exchangeswill reopen on Sept. 1 for business,when a boom is expected in oilstocks. The interest in the oil business always wanes during the hotsummer months, when there is verylittle activity in the fields, and it isbelieved that with their crops allhoused and "nothing to do till tomorrow" the farmers will again enter oil prospecting.oPamphlets of instruction In simplehome nursing methods, distributedby the American-Red Cross are to betranslated into foreign languages andcirculated by missionaries in distantparts of the world.nhpnompnRl har-ainc san (-- i -fm r- -."' zr- v "and $5.00 valuesMen's Patent Kid and Russian Tan fro nrEnglish Oxfords, $5.00 values at p0.3)Men's Gun Metal Oxfords and Shoes,welts, $4.50 values at..w$3.50 Boys' Gun Metal and Tan LaceOxfords, welts $2.49$2.50 Boys' Gun Lace Shoes, $2.50values at $1.79$4.00 Misses' Tan Eng. Oxfords.... $2.99; 1Misses' Canvas Shoes and Slippers,$2.00 values at . $1.49Children's Canvas Shos and Slippers,$1.50 values at 99cBarefoot Sandals, $1.25 values at.in All Other High GradeCOHENWhere Beauty and Economy ReignMonday, .August 25thPAULINE FREDERICKIN"THE WOMANIN THE CASE"Also Paramount-Sennett .Comedy, "The Little Widow"and Burton Holmes TravelPictureADMISSIONAdults 18c, war tax 2c-20cChildren and Gallery9c plus lc war tax-lOcTHE 1919 DOLLAR IN 1924Here's a thought that may nothave occurred to you in selling Savings Stamps: Dollars saved now willbe worth half again as much in fiveyears. This is the rather startlingstatement of experts in economicswho are studying the present financial condition of the country. Whatis meant is that the buying power ofa dollar will be increased by so muchin that space of time.At present, conditions are far fromnormal, owing to the world-wide effects of the war, but all authoritiesagree that these abnormal conditionswill gradually .disappear and thatthe dollars of 1924 will go much further, as a purchasing medium, thanthe dollars spent to-day.The value of all staples has alwayssoared immediately following a war,but as business conditions readjustthemselves prices will gradually become more normal again.Thus the purchaser of SavingsStamps may reasonably expect amuch greater return than the interest allows, at the time of maturity.oIn appreciation of prompt assistance rendered earthquake victims bythe American Red Cross, people of astricken town in the Mugelle Valley,Italy, have re-christened the- place"America.' oThirty thousand men and womenare giving whole or part time to Red.Cross Home Service in 3,600 sectionsand 11,200 branches throughout thecountry.- ' -.-- - v.$2.9985c$122$114No Charges or ApprovalsDuring This Sale.Shoes and Low Cuts