'jyUw - ( ,, -. t-J -"3.;.--' !-- '11 i-THE BOURBON NEWSPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY EN THE YEAR.-TTV-'"?7--to. v?- TsrrVOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JUNE 24, 1919tGERMANY ACCEPTS PEACETERMS ON CONDITIONS.BERLIN, June 23. Germany willsign the peace treaty of the alliedand associated powers.The national assembly Sunday afternoon by vote of 237 to 138 decided to sign.The assembly also voted confidencein the new government of Herr Bauer236 to 89. Sixty-eight members abstained from voting. On the questionof signing the treaty five membersabstained from voting.Before the vote of confidence wastaken, Herr Bauer, the new premier,declared that the government wouldsign the treaty, but without acknowledging the responsibility of theGerman people for the war and without accepting the obligations contained in articles 227 to 230 in thetreaty, relating to the trial of the former Emperor and the extradition ofother German personages.PABIS, June 23. The Germancrovernment has appointed Br. Danielvon Haimhausen, of the Peace delegation, to conduct the peace arrangements at Versailles.It is understood that the allies insist on absolute unconditional acceptance of the terms, failing which, thearmies will begin to advance Mondayevening.PARIS, June 23. The Council ofPour has definitely rejected the German suggestion that further alterations be made in the peace treaty.PARIS, June 23. The Germangovernment at Weimar has formerlycommunicated its willingness to signthe peace terms unconditionally, itwas announced by the French foreignoffice this afternoon.The day and hour for the formalsigning of the treaty is uncertain.The signing possibly may takeplace Tuesday, but more likely Wednesday. The Italian delegates at present inParis have been authorized to signthe treaty on behalf of Italy. Thisannouncement removed one auestionwhich it was feared might delay thesigning.The German note of acceptance, itFRANK & CO.LADIES OUTFITTERSSPECIALofSILKDRBSSESat$13. 75FRANKLADIES' OUTFITTERSAutomobile:WOMAN'S CLUB ENDOKSES STATESOLDIERS' MEMORIALThe Women's Club of CentralKentucky has given its cordial endorsement to tne project for a memorial building at the University ofKentucky as a tribute to those Kentuckians who gave their lives fortheir country in the war with Germany, and for which a campaign toraise $300,000 in the State and fromalumni of the University, whethernow residents of Kentucky or not, isto be launched soon. Miss N. IsabelSchmidt, president of the club, in aletter to the committee in charge ofthe memorial building fund, subs,mitted the resolution in which theclub endorsed the project.The plan has the endorsement ofthe Board of Trustees of the University, which took favorable actionon the project at a recent meeting ofits executive committee. The University furnished 1,068 men for the different branches of the service, including alumni, and of these twentygave their lives. Kentucky furnishedbetween 2,700 and 2,800 men whowere killed in action or died ofwounds or disease in the service.Judge E. W. Hines, chairman ofthe Kentucky Council of Defense, hasbeen chosen as the head of the movement in. the State and he will beassisted by a committee of fifty ofKentucky's most prominent men andwomen interested in the Universityand its future. The actual work ofthe drive for the fund will be finished in September.oCARNIVAL COMPANY TO FILL INWEEK HERE.The Wallick & Jackson. Shows, acarnival attraction, is booked to showin Paris this week, beginning yesterday. The shows, rated as a good one,arrived yesterday and pitched te-ntson the Wilson lot, near the Louisville & Nashville passenger station,on Winchester street.oSAVE $3.00 TO $5.00 ON PALMBEACH SUITS.Our Palm Beaches are now ready.You know our prices are right. Putone on and save from $3.00 to $5.00.L. WOLLSTEIN,(6-tf) 619 Main Street.is said, is couched in such languagethat it maintains the German position that the peace conditions are apeace of volence.& CO.Delivery,HEALTH BOARDS TO TAKE ACTION ON DAM QUESTION.The dam question is up again, and recently by the Misses Whaley, ofthis time in an aggravated form. It this city from their sister, Miss Nellwas said yesterday that at a meeting Whaley, who is Renco-nstruction Aideof the County and City Boards of at Camp Upton, Long Island.Health, after due and mature delib-i Miss Whaley is teaching Englisheration and consideration of the mat- a-nd Mathematics to the disabled solter, that representatives of the , diers at the Base Hospital. Since beBoard would appear before Judge j ing there she has been promoted toStout in the Bourbon Circuit ! the position of Assistant to the headCourt this morning, and ask for a re-convening of the grand jury.It was stated that this decision wasreached after statements had beenmade as to the condition of the watersupply of Paris, and the low stagewhich it had reached, due to the going out of the dam at the ParisMilling Co.'s plant. It was also stateed that a decision was reached to askthe grand jury to indict parties responsible for this state of affairs, unless the matter was satisfactorily adjusted and ample assurance giventhat it would be rectified immediately. It was stated that the water supply was not up to the standard and that something must be donefor the protection of the citizens ofParis from disease.LATER. At a meeting of representatives of the Paris Water Com-pany, the Louisville & NashvilleRailroad Company, and the ParisMilling Company, held in the officeof Mr. E. M. Dickson, attorney forthe Louisville & Nashville yesterdayafternon, all the phases of the question were gone over and the conference of the attorneys agreed substantially on all the points at issue. Thecontracts for the construction of thenew dam will be signed this morning, the construction work to be taken in hand by the Louisville & Nashville, under the direct supervision &oftheir 'civil engineers, and the work isto begin at once, as soon as the material can be placed and the necessaryarrangements made. This information was given to THE NEWS at alate hour yesterday afternoon byMayor 'E. B. January.Councilman Merringer, of the committee to look after the matter, says,in order that the people may not bedeceived, that the contract will notbe signed this morning, but is nowbeing drawn up by the City Attorney. It will have to go to Louisvillefor the signatures of the proper officials of the L. & N. Railroad; andthat the matter has progressed thatfar before without results.NTRAvTELINiG LUGGAGE.The better kind ca-n be had here.Only genuine leather of highest quality. J.. W. DAVIS & CO.BLACKBIRDS BECOMINGSANCE.NTJI-The blackbird, long considered oneof the most inoffensive of the feathered tribe, is now in danger of becoming classed with the Englishsparrow and others that have madetheir names synonyms of aversion.The blackbird is beginning to learnsome of the most disagreeable habitsof the sparrow,, such as perching inthe tops of trees in the residence districts in the early hours of the morning, when citizens are trying to geta little desirable sleep, and makingmore noise than the average citizenlikes to hear.In some sections of the city theblackbirds have become such peststhat the citizens have restored to tneuse of shotguns in an effort to drivethem away. They come in overwhelming numbers and by their continued noise drive the citizens to thepoint of wishing there was no suchthing as a blackbird.A Paris traveling man, who"makes" a great deal of territory inCentral Kentucky which is the natural habitat of the blackbird, statesthat the same conditions are prevailing there and that the birds are coming into the fields in great number?and even getting their living frommany of the growing crops.ELECTRIC PANS KEEP K00LAND KOMEORTABLE.Largest shipment of Westinghouseelectric fans ever brought to Parishas been received. All sizes, stylesand prices. See the small bed roomfan it is a comfort almost indispensible. PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.(3-tf)oESCOBA NEARLY READYTHE TRACK AGAIN.TOREsooba, now four, the son ofBroomstick and Christmas Star, andowned by Kenneth D. Alexander, ofWoodford county, is nearly ready fora race, having been in charge ofJohn S. Ward for several weeks.Escoba won the Breeders Futurity atLexington during his two-year-oldform in 1917, and ran second in theKentucky Derby in the spring of thefollowing year. .He is ineligible toany of the stakes to be run at thepresent meeting at Latonia, not having been entered because' of the belief that he would not be ready soearly after his season in the stud.oNEW AUTO NEWS.The "Sample Case" department ofSunday's Lexington Herald has- thisto say of Bourbon men who are interested in the auto business; J. C.Mason and J. W. Bush, of the WhiteTruck Company, of Paris, are doingteam work and getting results."INTERESTINCr LETTERThe following letter was received'reconstruction Aide:"Base Hospital, Camp Upton, N. Y."June 8, 1919."DEAR SISTERS:"Last week we had a visit and amost inspiring talk from MajorEvans, of Washington, the man whois at the head of the ReconstructionService. He gave us some interesting statistics. During one week ofApril, in 38 military hospitals, 88,000 treatments were given by the700 Physio therapy Aides for nerveinjuries. During the month of April,in 43 hospitals, there were working2,034 Occpational-Therapy Aides,teaching the wounded soldiers howto regain the use of their muscles inthe making of baskets, bead-chains,carved boxes, woven rugs and mats,belts, neck-ties bags, and so on. Inaddition, this work helps wonderfullyto keep up their spirits, and so is ofI double curative value. Out of 2,148S. C. D. cases (Surgeon's Certificateof Disability) discharged in April,only 13 were institational cases; andout of 7,145 cases discharged betweenDecember and April, only 51 were institutional. Of the 34,400 hospitalpopulation, 50 per cent, were available for reconstruction service, and65 per cent of that number were engaged in some work. Major Evansstated that the women workers wereup to the highest standard andgraded 100 per cent, and that they,more than any other class of people,could put 'pep' and the proper spiritfor the future into the wounded soldiers. He said the boys should beencouraged to quit thinking andtalking about the 'dreadful affair,'and not let their interests in life endwith their war experiences, as themajority of Civil War veterans did.t "The result of the government'sReconstruction program are greatlypraised in the magazine 'Carry On.'Many hundreds of boys are being reeducated, one boy having said, "Theeducation I am getting in this hospital is worth the leg I left inFrance." At our hospital there areabout 60 Reconstruction Aides atwork, teaching the boys in the wards,many of whom are flat on their backsor so injured they cannot work. Itis wonderful to see the work they dowith the left hand. The ambulatorypatients go to K-12, the big schoolbuilding, where they are taught anything from English to auto-mechanics,telegraphy, typewriting, mechanical drawing, clay-moulding, advanced English and Mathematics, Science,Psychology, in fact, any study theycall for. It is interesting to notethat nearly all the boys are ambitiousto learn something new, or if they do(Continued on Page 2.)MEMORIAL EXERCISESThe annual memorial exercises ofthe Knights of Pythias lodge of Paris,will be held in the Paris Cemeterynext Sunday afternoon, June 29.Short exercises will be held in thelodge room preceding the memoralexercises. The members of the subordinate lodge with the UniformRank, will march in a body to thecemetery, where the graves of departed brothers will be decorated, andappropriate exercises held. Hon.John T. Howe, of Covington, newlyelected Grend Chancellor of the order, is expected to be present, andwill deliver the principal address.Short addresses will be made bymembers of the local lodge, and anappropriate musical piogram will beobserved.oTIRES MYSTERIOUSLY DISAPPEAR. Two new rubber tires and innertubes, costing in the neighborhood of$68, are mourned as a personal property loss by Mr. E. E. Landis, of theParis Mercantile Delivery Co., unlessrecovered by now.Friday night Mr. Landis purchasedthe new tires and tubes from a localgarage, and fastening them to theside of his car, started down Mainstreet. After proceeding about ablock he stripped the gears of hiscar, and had to leave the machine onthe side of the street. When he returned in about ten minutes the articles were missing, the unbuckledstraps giving evidence that they hadbeen stolen. The police were notified, but at this writing no traces ofthe missing tires have been discovered. oWOOL WANTED.We pay market price for yourwool. Sacks ready. Wt receivewool at both our North Middletown and Paris warehouses.CLARKE & YOUNG.(apr22-tf)oPROMOTED TO NEW POSITIONMiss Lucy Henry, who has for several months been clerk in the officeof the Western Union Telegraph Co.,at this point, has been promoted tothe position of general manager, tosucceed Miss Nancy Hughes, the latter having gone to Washington, D.C, where she has a position in theTreasury Department as clerk. Mr.Robert Mahar will be in the office,here as telegraph operator.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURTIn the Bourbon Circuit Court,Friday, the jury trying the case ofthe administrator of Bobby Burns'estate vs. the Louisville & NashvilleRailroad Company brought in a verdict awarding judgment to -the plaintiffs in the sum of $22,500. This issaid to have been the highest judgment for damages ever given in aBourbon county court. The style ofthe case was Mrs. Inez B. Burns, executrix of Bobbie Burns, ve. WalkerD. Hines, Director-General of Railroads. The suit was brought for? 5 0,0 00 damages for the death ofBurns, who was run over by an engine in the yards at Corbin, on thenight of December 13, 1918, causinginjuries which resulted in his deathtwo days later.Burns was a well-known L. & N.engineer, a resident of this city.Wiile at work in the Louisville &'Nashville yards in Corbin he startedfor the oil house to get a supply ofoil for his engine. While he was retracing his steps he was knockeddown by an engine backing up andrun over. He left a widow and fivesmall children, the eldest being1twelve years old.The jury trying the case was composed of the following: Carl Williams, Matt Lair, L. D. Mitchell,Curtis Henry, L. V. Hagan, Wm.Harrison, R. H. Wills, Clarence Ashurst, H. N. Eckler, R. I. Welling.The plaintiff was represented byRobert B. Franklin, of Frankfort,and Talbott & Whitley, of Paris, thedefendant by E. M. Dickson, of Paris,H. L. Bryan, of Williamsburg, andA. M. Warren, of Stanford.Court adjourned Saturday afternoon until to-day, after hearing butone civil case. This was the case ofW. F. Turner against Wm. H. Whaley, arising from a dispute over alivestock deal. The jury gave a verdict for Turner in the sum of $1,056,subject to a credit of $50., oHAVE YOU SEEN THE SCRIPPSBOOTH? A new car in this section, but oneof the finest finished, regardless ofprice. We now have these cars ondisplay at our show rooms, and areable to make immediate delivery.DICKERSON & SON,(12-3t) 106-108 E. Tenth St.oMUSICAL ATTRACTION AT THEGRAND AND ALAMO.The Brewer Jazz Orchestra, composed of accomplished musicians, whomake a specialty of Jazz music, began a week engagement yesterdayat the Alamo and the Paris Grand.This organization lays no particular claim to musical excellence, butdo claim they can entertain aidamuse the music-loving public, withtne jazz music they like to hear, thekind that makes one want to patDotn nands and feet in unison withthe music.WE KNOW MOWMid-SummerSUITSReady-to-Wear !It takes a good tailor years to master the art of making light weight skeleton lined clothing, and the SummerSuits that we are selling are made by expert tailors whomake a specialty of manufacturing Summer Clothing.You will find many desirable patterns and styles in ourselection. 'Palm BeachesMohairs andKool KlothGarments that will keep you cool and comfortable thesehot, sultry days. Let us fix you out in a summer outfit.SUITS FROM$15 to $30Straw Hats, Light Weight Underwear, Silk ShirtsLight Weight Pongees.MITCHELL &Stetson HatsManhattan ShirtsTHIS YEAR'S CHAUTAUQUA TO BEBIG ONE.Paris people may rest assured thatthe Chautauqua program which is tobe presented here the week of July8, under the auspices of the White& Myers Chautauqua System, ofKansas City. Mo., will be one of thebest that has ever been presented tothem.The publicity committees have beenbusy this week getting their programlaid out, and some of the work, sucnas advertising window cards, havebeen put out. The real work of thecommittee will come later on, whenthe program has been positively decided upon. The public will be gladto know that the mistakes of formeryears will be avoided this year, aridthat the programs will be presentedunder shelter, at the Paris GrandOepra House, where comfort will beassured and the enjoyment of theprogram a certainty, without having:a stream of water trickling down theneck from the holes in a leaky tentThe program, as present considered, will be made up of the following:Pianofore, light tuneful opera; Dr. J.S. Montgomery, "The Voice of theNew Age;' Robert Goldsmith, "TheLeague of Nations;" Dunbar's WhiteHussar Band, a singing band; Cotmeling's Old Colonial Band; BaldyStrang's Entertainers; C. W. Wassam, "The Secret Power;" Dr. E. E.Violette, a big Paris favorite, lecturing on "The Sunset Trail;" EmilyWaterman Concert Party; Dr. JohnA. Gary, slummer and lecturer, who?tells the story of being "Out ofWork;" Elizabeth Hunt, Red CrossNurse; Marie Van Gastel, BelgianWar Nurse, in the story of "The Invasion of Belgium."Season tickets are now on sale atthe following prices: Adults, $2.20;children, $1.10, war tax included.The tickets can be obtained at thedrug stores and at other places to beindicated later on.LATEST ON THE TOWN. !Have you seen the new car?OAKLAND MOTOR SALES CO.,108 Tenth Street.(17-3t) RlPrWl!l, a AiaoWOOL WANTEDWill pay highest maricttprice. Sacks fumlshod froa.CHAS. $- BRENT & BftO.REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.Mr. John D. White, of Lexington,sold his farm of one hundred acres,located near Hutchison, in this connty, to Mrs. Blanch Baker White, ofIndianapolis, at a price not madepublic. Mrs. White will not take,possession until next March.3tBLAKEMORENtttleton ShotsDr. Rood's CushionSolo Shots,jr.rr?rfEEstablished 188137 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and EridayPer Year.. $2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Adavance.DWjurr CHAMP. Editor, and Owner.In.pfcitered at the Paris, Kentucky,Poetoffice as Mail Matter o the-Second Class.)Any "erroneous reflection upon thel&ar&cter, standing or reputation ofray person, firm or corporation whichpMiy appear in. the columns o THEpeUEBON NEWS will be gladly corrected If brought to attention of thejrfitor.ADVERTISING RATES.Display Advertisements, $1.00 perEnch for first time; 50 cents per inchcH subsequent insertion.Reading Notices", 10 cents per linejMLCh issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candi-ftatea, obituaries and resolutions, anditaiilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemeats and yearly contracts.The right of publisher Js reseivedhx decline any advertisement or othermatter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.EDITORIAL MUSINGS.What You Think of This?Don't you get tired sometimeslistening to speakers telling you howto do things and how not to dothings? I have in mind a bunch whoare almost fanatical in their demandsthat we change our style of letterwriting. They insist that we cutout "beg to remain," "your letter recc wed," "under separate cover,"" h to advise," "Yours very truly,""B.'ar Sir," and art "platitudes" andused phrases. Perhaps they are rightand we often receive a letter withoutthese superfluous phrases that almostconvince us, because the writer seemsto have sat down and written justwhat he thought in a natural, frankway. But about nine-tenths of theletters written by those who havetried to follow the advice of theaforesaid writers and speakers aretoo apparent attempts to be differentor -clever you seem to feel that thewriter is thinking more of how to saysomething than he is of seriously saying, something and the "punch"which the author put in the letterhad leaked out before the mail wasdelivered.Dear Sir" and "Yours truly"are all right. They are good, politeterms just like "How'dy do" and"Good-bye" and "Merry Christmas"and. "Happy New Year." They donot mean much, I'll admit, but theyare- refined and will offend no one.They, these writers, say you shouldstart 'a letter with something thatwill make a 'fellow sit up and takenotice. If a salesman came intoyour oflice and politely addressed youwith that, old meaningless platitude"How do you do, Mr. Jones?" andia more, more modern, came in andslapping you on the back exclaimed"Now Listens-janes " which wouldyou prefer -to grantaa interview to?Q eoarse you would, and it's veryoften the same with a letter."Under separate cover" is all right.It means something. It's a good phraseto use, yet I've seen magazine writers thrown a metaphorical fit about"Your letter received" is also goodeven though it jars the sensibilitiesof these modem guys. We oftenwrite just to "acknowledge receipt ofletter" and "advise" that the "contend were noted." And if that's thereason we write, why not say it inthat way, and that is often all ourcorrespondent wants to know. If ecorrebpua iptter" and "noted2uaa. -receiverthe contents," what's the use of trying to be clever when it isn t necessary? Get Aboard.School was out and the streetswas full of children laugmng wshouting; little girls with theira around each other's necks;little boys with their hands eachother's hair; tens,hundreds, .thousands of them-or, at least, it seemedas they darted here and therelike a school of minnows in a pondA' big furniture van was movingup the street and the driver with ainni? whin in his hand.1 SudeSy a cry arose. "Whip behind! whip behind! Mister, whipbehind!" . . . -We followed the direction m whichth warning fingers were pointedand saw, snugly enconced in the'open spaces between the chairs andtables at the rear of the load, threelittle grinning urchins.The driver stood up and lookedover the top of the load, but couldsee nothing. He leaned around theside of the wagon and gazed. It wasin vain. Then he sat down, observing, no doubt, that the wagon stoodthe' extra load well, and that thenoraee did not feel the added weight."'But the cry resounded again inr ffrgE twoBOURBONNEWSthe street, "Whip behind! Whip behind, Mister, whip behind!"As we went on about our businesswe fell to analyzing this trait ofhuman nature which insnired thelads in the street to seek to routtheir playmates who had secured thecomfortable place on the wagon andwere stealing a ride. Was it onlyenvy after all?And then we thought how thisspirit of pulling the other fellowdown followed us through life. Ifsomeone has an easy berth we cry,"the monopolists are stealing aride."After all, isn't it laziness and envythat prompt the cry? Why do notmore of us ride? There seems to beplenty of room in the great van ofthe Government that Uncle Sam isdriving. Why not jump aboard, instead of pulling down the men whocatch the rides? If you believe inour natural resources, our democraticinstitutions and the integrity of thepeople, climb aboard. What we needin Paris and in the United States ofAmerica is not to prevent a fewbright fellows from riding, but tojump aboard ourselves and pull upthe weak and the poor and the unfortunate. The great van of Opportunity iscoming down the road. Stop shouting, "Whip behind!"Get aboard.oSUGGESTS SMOKING IN CHURCHLondon. It is curious when matters of such serious moment are agitating the world that such a suggestion as the one made by some members of St. James Chuch, Bermondsey, that smoking be allowed inchurch, should have excited so muchcontroversy. It looks, too, as if the"ayes" were in the majority.Smoking in church, one advocateof a pipe during sermon says, was allowed in England up till the reignof James I. But one does not needto go so far back to find smoking inchurch common in some parts ofEngland. In 1861 a visitor to anEssex church was shown, stowedaway in various nooks in the gallery,short pipes smoked by the congregation while the services were goingon. In Wales, too, as late as 1850,the start of the sermon was the signal for the lighting of the pipes ofthe men in the congregation.Sir Walter Scott records how farmers in the country districts of Scotland were accustomed to light up assoon as the minister announced thetext. Isaac Barrow called tobaccohis panpharmacon, or cureall. Bishop Burnet was so loath to part withhis pipe that he cut a hole in his hatto support it. Doctor Parr used regularly to smoke in the vestry beforehis sermon while the congregationwas singing, "My people like longhymns," he said, "but I prefer longclays."oWE ASTONISH THE WORLDIn spite of their tremendous annual bill for fiery liquors the American people are notoriously a race ofwater drinkers. The fact has alwaysbeen commented upon with amazement by foreigners, and especiallythe American habit of taking thewater iced. It has also been mentioned with scientific pain by manyof our own medical experts, whohave tried to impress us with thedangers of the habit. A friend is reminded by the impending menace tosend us this clipping of an ancientand familiar quatrain:"Many a mortal, young and old,Has gone to his sarcophagusThrough pouring water, icy cold,Adown his warm esophagus."The author of the bit of scientificmorality is not known. Our friendsays he clipped it from the ChicagoTribune some, years ago, and possibly it is to be credited to EugeneField. Anyway, it sounds somethinglike him. But we are .not sure thatit is scientifically correct. There aremany who still persist, in spite of thewarnings, in the theory that thedrinking of ice water, under reasonable conditions, is in no way harmful. oKENTUCKY BANKERS OPPOSEDTO WILLIAMS' APPOINTMENT.At each of the eleven group meetings of bankers held in this State resolutions were adopted and forwardedto the "Kentucky Senators at Washington, urging that the appointmentof John Shelton Williams as Comptroller of the Currency not be approved by the United State Senate,State Banking Commissioner Speersaid on his return from the lastmeeting. Mr. Williams has met withopposition from the bankers becauseof the fact that he has required reports which the bankers believe aredetrimental to their business interests. The reports cover the use towhich money borrowed from thebanks is to be put, with the amountfor each purpose.The group meetings this year weremore successful than any previousyear, Mr. Speer said. They were better attended and there was a greaterinterest manifested. The bankershave determined to do much in thework of reconstruction in the country, Mr. Speer said.oImproved Lightship Bell.A new lightship also has a bell,which Is made to ring automaticallyby means of a highly ingenious deviceWhich utilizes the gas as It passesfrom the tanks to the lantern, to actuate the bell clapper. The light Is notinterfered with In the slightest degreeby the operation of the bell-strikingdevice. It is only set in motion, however, in very foggy weather, wheu thelight cannot be distinguished at anygreat distance.A thing of beauty is a joy forever,or at leastymtil we find out howmuch it costTHE BOURBON NEWS. PABIS, KENTUCKYINTERESTING LETTER( Continued from Page 1.)go back to their old Jjob' they wantto be ready for an advancement. Theyhave a wonderfully cheerful and independent spirit they object to pityand charity and there's not one I'vetalked with who is expecting a jobjust because he is a returned soldier.They are having time now to do morereading and more thinking thanever in their lives before, and Ithink their hospital experience,where they aje surrounded by companions and attended with excellentcare, is the best thing possible tobridge over the gap between the horrors of war and the return to civilian life."The hospital population here, perhaps 2,500, has plenty of amusementand attention' from the Red Cross, Y.M. C. A., and K. of C. There aregood picture shows, lectures, vaudeville, athletic meets, baseball, and soon. On Sundays there are Protestantand Catholic services. The Educational Services gives a 'party' at K-12every Wednesday night, where thepatients who can come (and somecome on crutches and in wheelchairs) are entertained with games,plays, music, (they sing every wordof every popular song that is going) ,and 'eats.' The boys who have tostay in bed are entertained by different artists who come from New York.The Red Cross has a traveling pianoset up on wheels it goes the roundsof the wards. I have had the pleasure of playing for these boys, andyou should hear them whistle andsing from their beds; they like ragtime, but best of all, the old songs.I played also at the Y. M. C. A. movies, and over at one of the CampHostess House. The Hostess in chargetold us about how the boys amusethemselves with the Ouija Board.Their three favorite questions are:How long before I get out? Is myjob waiting for me? Is my girltrue to me?"Lots of funny things happenevery day. The, boys have pets acanary bird, a white pup, named'Ja-Da,' and numerous kittens,which they will sneak into bed withthem. People from the towns near byhave brought them loads of beautifulflowers lilacs, pansies, snow-balls,wigelia, peonies, daisies, everything,all so gorgeous and large. They alsotreat the boys with cake and iceddrinks on hot days. In one of the'English to Foreigners' classes, oneboy asked the teacher how to ask ayoung lady to" dance with him. Shetold him several forms, alnd he chose,'May I have the pleasure of thisdance with you? 'only his version was'May I have the 'pressure' of thisdance with you?" Another boy hadthe word 'physique in his spellinglesson, and he asked if that was thesame 'physic' the nurses gave himout of a bottle."I must tell you about W. A., anoted New York prize-fighter, thepet of the hospital, who is working,as he says, for six teachers. Thisboy is a typical product of the LowerEast Side of New York City. He isa. most interesting cnaracter, witn alarge amount of native wit and aheart of gold. He stammers from shellshock, and you should hear him read'Gunga-Din' and French poetry. Heis studying short story writing andis a budding poet, as some of his poems(?) which I asked ilis permissionto copy from his typewritten collection, will show. Many of the boysare turning poetic, and in additionto these we have artists, and musicians of all kinds. There's a greatdeal of talent among them."On Decoration Day all of CamnUpton (which is two miles from thehospital) and the hospital force, including nurses, student nurses andaides, marched to the Camp Cemeterywnere a brief but but very impressive memorial service was held. Allthe girls carried flowers, which wereplaced on the graves of the Camp Upton boys. In the afternoon a finpfield meet was held. All this wastaken by the motion picture man.and we will see ourselves as otherssee us this week.The most wonderful thing I haveseen was the Victory Parade in NewYork City there were 20 bands.floats representing everything usedin the army quartermaster's supplies, construction service, air service, gas masks on men and horses,tanks, engineers' division, wire entanglements, trenches, telephone service, pigeons, homes with mothersand children, and marching in uniform, soldier boys and every kind ofworker that has been in service; ittook four hours for this parade topass the corner of 52nd Street andFifth avenue, and at the end weretwo rooms built between start andfinish of the parade. The funniestthing was to see three barracks anda hospital ward coming sedatelydown Fifth Avenue."On one of my trips to 'little oldNew York,' my friend, Rose Starratt,met me and showed me many sights.I had two business engagementswhich we attended to first, thenthen lunch at a quaint little cafeteria managed by some lovely women(ex-teachers)' then to the Battery,that part of the city on New YorkBay, where we saw all sorts of boats.It was a foggy day and we couldn'tsee the Statute of Liberty nor thetower of the Woolworth building. Wewalked through Wall Street intoold Trinity Church, and by thegrave yard, visited the old FrancesTavern where George Washingtonhad his headquarters and where thedoorkeeper is dressed in the style ofWashington's day. Many old historicrelics are seen here."We traveled by elevated railway,also made my initial trip in the subway, which was the most novelthing. Some parts of the system are400 feet under ground and it is saidto be the safest railway in the world.New York is over solid granite-likestone. We went home then on thesurface car for miles, and saw manyinteresting places. That night wewent to see Mrs. Fiske in 'Miss NellieFrom N'Orleans,' and saw Broadwaywith all its electrical signs. Ofcourse they are wonderful, but Ithink not, very cultured. Europeans make fun of them sometimes."On Sunday we went to a Christianchurch where the Starratts attendregularly and where Rosd has a Sunday school class. It was very nicemet so many pleasant people, and thepastor was quite cordial. That afternoon we tried to get oh one ofthose double-decked busses, but theywere all full and people waiting bythe hundreds to get on for a ride inthe afternoon sunshine, so we wentto the train on the subway."Belle and Margaret Ingels live justback of Columbia University. JVewanted to have them with us butthey were on duty. Belle is workingin the Y. M. C. A. office and Margaretis an electrical engineer."I forgot to tell you we walkedhome from church through RiversidePark, along the Hudson and saw aNaval Training School and a hospitalship. New York is fine, well keptand so much easier to get about inthan any of the cities I have visited.The people are quite nice looking,good looking, and well dressed andare so quietly pleasant. That's theculture of the East."The most interesting occuranceof last week was the clinic of thePsychopatheic department, with alecture on 'The War Neurosis," illustrated with three cases. Quite anumber of these are cured manyare the result of shell-shock."I talk Dante and Virgil and Italian opera to the Italian bricklayer,the value of studying a dead languade (Latin) to the Slovenian(Australian) coal digger, agriculturewith a Bohemian farmer from Minnesota, and on the side we have begun a lecture course on Mondayevenings under a Columbia University man, on the 'Psychology of War."We hand in weekly reports of eachboy. On their cards they are givencredit and upon discharge may taketheir certificate and enter the Federal Vocational School anywhere inthe United States."I will be home about the first ofJuly, as the work will be over aboutthat time. The flowers I 'sent arethe trailing Arbutus, about whichthere is a legend. I took my boys abasketful and let them pick themout. Today is Sunday, and raining.If it clears up a party of us are going motoring around Long Island."Most Sincerely, Your Sister,"NELL WHALEY."PRESIDENT OF BRAZIL GOES TOVISIT WILSON.WASHINGTON, June 24. President-electPessoa of Brazil and hisparty, who were on their way to theUnited States from Portugal onboard the French cruiser Jeanned'Arc, were transferred to the American army transport Imperator 1,200miles at sea Tuesday, after the cruiser's engines had been disabled.Dispatches to the Navy departmentsaid the transfer was made in smallboats without incident, and the Imperator arrived at New York Thursday morning. The Jeanne d'Arc became disabled soon after she hadnassed the Imperator, from Brest toNew York, with American troops, anda wireless message recalled the bigtransport. Later the transport Mongolia, bound from New York forFrance, arrived and took the cruiserin tow for the Azores, where repairswill be made.After boarding the Imperator, Dr.Pessoa sent this wireless message toPresident Wilson at iParis :"Owing to a breakdown of the engine of the French cruiser on whichI was traveling to New York, shewas unable to proceed on her voyage. The U. S. S. Imperator immediately came to our assistance and Iam now on the way to the UnitedStates aboard her. I take great pleasure in thanking you for this generous example of American hospitalitywhich, not content with keepingwithin the bounds of its great territory, now extends itself to the veryocean."For Sale.White Plume Celery Plants; excellent stock, at reasonable prices.MRS. W. A. THOMPSON,(20-2t) 1313 High St., Paris, Ky.For Sale!Beautiful large oak sideboard;also nice piano and organ big bargains forquick buyers.Busy Bee Cash Store.(20-2t)FoTwo Splendid Brussels Carpets; 42feet and 3 5 feet; two big bargains.Busy Bee Cash Store.(20-2t)Public SaleOFHigh Street Residence!We will sell at public auction onthe premises at corner of High andEleventh Streets, onThursday, June 26, 1919,At 2 p. m., a four room cottage,newly painted, belonging to MissKatie Lenihan.It contains four rooms, hall," backporch and splendid cistern.Lot 66 feet on High Street, extending back 62 feet on Eleventh Street.This property is admirably located,convenient down town and in a desirable neighborhood.TERMS Made known on day , ofsale.Sale!HARRIS & SPEAKES.(20-2t) 'For Sale.Ford Roadster, practically new.OAKLAND MOTOR SALES CO.(17-3t) 108 Tenth Street.Plants For Sale.Late cabbage and tomato plants,in any desired quantity. Excellentstock. One and one-half block fromtraction line. Call on or address,(17-4t) JOS? LAVIN.FoundFound, on streets of Paris, a ladiesbrooch pin. Owner may have someby proving property and paying forthis advertisement. Enquire atNEWS office.LostOn streets of Paris, Saturday, smallpurse, with stamp of First NationalBank on cover, containing about $4in money. Suitable reward if returned to this office. (tf)StrayedFrom the J. T. Hinton farm onthe North Middletown pike, nearParis, a red spotted bull calf, 'abouteight weeks old. Had rope aroundneck. Also from the same place foursheep. Reward for their return orinformation leading to their recovery.(10-tf) R. L. WILSON.Ford For SaleFord car in good condition. If soldat once for cash it can be bought ata bargain.(30-tf) MARTIN BROS.Lost or StolenA soft leather dog collar, withlicense tag No. 1005 riveted on. Reward for return to(6-ft) JAS. E. CRAVEN.For Sale!Floor Show Case 28x36.13 Foot Counter.Two Folding Display Stands.Busy Bee Cash Store.(20-2t)Aetna-Auto. Combination PoliciesProtect AgainstFireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityAnd OtherCasualtiesA. J. FEEAGENTHOMEKILLEDMEATSVeaJ BeefPork LambIt's the BestTo Be HadMflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat Market' TUESDAY, JUNE 24, 1919.Eye Examination!We use in our examination of theeyes the OPTHALMOMETER. thOPTHALMOSCOPE, RETINOSCOPEand many other instruments combined with the trial case. We alsomake trans-illuminary and bloodpressure tests.We specialize in theFITTING OF KRYPTOKS,The invisible bifocal lenses.Charges moderate to all.Dr. Wm. Riley FranklinSuite 203-204 First National BankBoth- Phones, Parl3 Ky.S3ur ton's1 Confectionery Store!Successor to Adami & Santi.AGENT POR M. LBOLDMAITIJEL, COUNSELOR,AND SONADA CIGARSAdami's Famous Recipe formaking delicious Ice-Cream,Soda Water and MixedDrinks still used.Bulk Ice Cream(Made from Pure Cream)delivered for home use.Fancy Ices for PartiesHIGH CLASS BOXCANDIES.IIIFor the BEST, See Us,FRANK BURTONWilffloth'sFreshHomelBaked Breads,Cakes, Pies, Etc.DailyFreshMeats,Roasts,Steaks,Chops, Fancy Goods.FamousCoffees and TeasWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376BMGHTEfcSEVENINGSNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.useOiectria'tyfor DatingIt's the only satisfactory way.use SetsTor pealing ana CookingVafcwill j'tt3It's the only sensible-plan.Let Us Fix You UpFor the Use of BothElectricity and Gas.Paris Gas & Electric Cb.(tnconoxatad)TUESDAY, JUNE 24, 1919.THE BOUEBOlf HEWS PAWS, TEOmXtPAGEnr Stop Wasting SoapMk Measure Out Wat MMAkjtoa NecdrarWEARINGKENTUCKY BOYSMEDALS.A very large -number of boys inKentucky are proudly wearing theBronze Service Medal s'ven to themby the U. S. Boys' Working Reserve,a branch of the Department of Labor.This medal is given to every boy enrolled in the Reserve in recognitionof 36 days' faithful service on thefarm helping to raise food to feed thestarving people of Europe. When theReserve boy completes 55 days ofservice he receives a medal larger in:-ize and for 75 days' work he receives the Honorable Service Bar.All boys in Kentucky from 16 to21 years of age are eligible to enrollin the Reserve for farm labor. Boyswho lire and work on the farms areas welcome as the boys in cities andtowns who go to the farms. A largenumber of farm boys in Kentucky arealready enrolled and many are goingout to the farms from the cities andtowns for vacation work on thefarms.Acting upon the request of the Department of Labor at Washington,ihe enrollment Gf boys in the Reservewill continue until the late harvestin order that the nation's recordcrops may be fully gathered.Any boy desiring to know moreabout how these medals may be woncan write George E. Stevens, Executive State Director, 34 5 Y. M. C. A.Building, Louisville, Ky.oWOBE THAT TELLSPlenty of It Has Been Done RightHere In Paris.To thoroughly know the virtues ofa medicine you must investigate itswrork. Doan's Kidney Pills stand thistest, and plenty of proof exists righthere in Paris. People who testifiedyears ago to relief from backache,kidney and urinary disorders, nowgive confirmed testimony declarethe results have lasted. How canany Paris sufferer longer doubt theevidence?v Mrs. J. 't. Martin, 1024 Main St, jParis, says: "Kidney trouble came ion from a fall and the results werevery severe, causing me more suffering than the fall itself. No one canever know what I went through atthat time for I suffered awfully. Myback ached and pained until Ithought it would break in two.Sharp twinges shot through my kidneys and if anyone had hit me in theback with a heavy axe it couldn'thave hurt me worse. In one week after using Doan's Kidney Pills, I feltlike a different woman for they fixedme up in fine shape." (Statementgiven February 17, 1908.)On November 9, 1916, Mrs. Martin said: "Doan's Kidney Pills havemade a cure for me and it has beenpermanent."Price 6c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Martini had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)There is as much ardor in Champ'Clark's indorsement of the Leagueof Nations as anybody expected.oIf Senator Lodge has succeeded ingetting Senator Borah to keep still hecertainly has accomplished somefeat.. oIt's fortunate for President Wilsonthat he made his tour of Italy beforethe crowds started to shouting theother way.MICKIE SAYSONE GUY THAT K.UNSNECK ANDNECKVJrtHHEKAISER. FER POPULAR -fNAROUND KIS OFFICE IS-The cowmds vwmpusWHO LETS KS PPER GfA NEAR BEHINP ANPTH9NREFUSES IT Art THE POST-OFFXCE T AMOP PAMlh4NMHATT HE 0ME,6 USMiCK,you SAIDSOMBTHJIN&.'J S' THE RED CROSS Iff ENGLAND.(By Mrs. B. S. Norcrass.)We, twenty-five of the "BarrowUnit, were stationed at Camp 40,Knotty Ash, Liverpool, England. Wetermed ourselves unlucky to be putoff in England, when we did so muchwant to go to France. Uncle Samleft us in England so we decided wewould make the best of it.First thing we saw on landingwas a Red Cross car waiting to carryus to camp. On reaching camp, webegan to wonder where we could getour money changed for you knowit is pounds, shillings, six-pense andhalf-pennies in England, instead ofdollars, quarters and cents. Anywaywe were told to go to the Red Cross.Next morning we were put onduty. Then there were these questions to be answered: "Where canwe get pajama suits, socks, sweaters,underwear, razors, toothpaste andbrushes and the many other thingsthat the patients needed. Answer:From the Red Cross. Fruit, candy,and cigarettes were distributed to allthe patients, twice and sometimesthree times a week. Who furnishedthem? The Red Cross.Our hospital had a convenientlyfurnished recreation room for thepersonnel and convalescent patients,where they spent their eveningsreading, writing or anyway theyliked. Who built and furnishedthese? The Red Cross.If the boys needed money theywent to the Red Cross.Each wrard was furnished with aVictrola and records, books, stationery, pens, .. pencils and daily papers,including The Stars and Stripes.Who furnished all these? The RedCross. The Red Cross was really theboys' best friend.You people know what happenedduring the flu epidemic in this country. In England it was, perfectlyawful! When the first 'large convoy of flu patients landed at Liverpool, our hospital was already filled.Yet we had to make room for ourboys. Everybody got busy. Weturned the casual camp, which contained at least 30 or 40 barracks into a hospital. These barracks weresupplied with hospital equipmentsufficient to handle the emergency.While patients were waiting to beadmitted, doctors, nurses and corpsmen worked day and night, doingwhat Ave could for those poor unfortunate boys. When it came time forus to go off duty, we were relievedby a night nurse, but we knew shehad important medication sufficientto take all her time same as we hadduring the day; so instead of goingoff duty, many time, we lingered until long past midnight to answer thecall of the poor dying boys whowould plead for someone to take amessage and send to mother, father,or perhaps wife and children. Others wanted water and would beg forsomeone to stay closeby for theyrealized they were dying. To me,this was even worse than seeing theboys give their lives on the battlefield. Why, sometimes we wouldlose six or eight patients in onenight. Their condition on admissionat the hospital was such that stimulation seemed to be the only help.Never again do I expect to see sosad a sight as this and you peoplemust have been most as unfortunateas we. iPardoff me if I seem to be leavingmy subject, but remember, it wasthe "Red Cross" which equipped andsent the nurses.It was our dear boys who did thefighting, giving their lives, many ofthem; but next to the boys in khaki,I think came the Rfed Cross.Just to givfc you an idea as to howmuch the boys of Camp 40 loved theRed Cross and appreciated what theydid for them, I'll give you their RedCross yell:Who won the war, the French?Who won the war, the British?No!Who won the war. the Yanks?They helped!JNbw, Boss; who won, the war?The Red Cross!You people at home may rest assured that the hoys all knew whogave their services, time and moneyto make the Red Cross a success.You who have done these thingssurely did your hit toward winningthe war.oJUDGE DENIES CHARTER TO NOTOBACCO CORPORATIONPITTSBURG, June 24. Plans fora nation-wide anti-tobacco campaignintended to follow the actual promulgation of prohibition were givena setback here Thursday when JudgeJames McF. Carpenter handed downan opinion in the Common PleasCourt refusing to grant a charterto the No-tobacco Corporation. Thepetition was signed by prominentchurch people and ministers of thisand other cities of the country.In his opinion Judge Carpentersaid the law creating organizationswith judicial sanction in the formnf a-rantine charters was not intended to provide for incorporation andx.1 : J. -F-fr?propagaxion oi meones & w ciictwand consequences of personal habitsand immemorial customs, especiallyif not "contra bono mores" and concerning consequences of which laymen of equal intelligence differ radically with doctors.Judge Carpenter declared the organization was political in its aims,as its petition stated its object was"to obtain by law prohibition of culture, sale and use of tobacco."oSTATE TEXT BOOK COMMISSIONTO MEET IN PRANKFORT.FRANKFORT, KY., June 24.The State Text Book Commissionwill meet in Frankfort in responseto a call issued by Gov. Black toconsider an entirely new adoption ofschoolbooks for use in schools of theState for the next five years, as directed by the Court of Appeals in anopinion upholding the Franklin Circuit Court in the action brought byProf. E. B. Weattiers, Jr. AlthoughGov. Black declines to say what hisplans are concerning the commissionit is believed at the State capitol thathe will leave the door open for members of the commission to resign ifthey should be inclined to do so.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL. WAR DEVELOPED FOREIGN BORMComings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Dr. "Wm. Riley Franklin has goneto Chicago, where he will take aspecial two-months' course in optometry. Misses Ava and Minerva Nealnave returned from a visit to theirmother, Mrs. Wm. Neal, in Taylorsville. iMrs. Charles Jesse has returnedto her home in Flemingsburg, aftera visit to friends and relatives inParis.Mrs. John Doty and Miss Elizabeth Kenney, have returned from avisit to friends and relatives inSharpsburg.Mr. and Mrs. John Keith, of thiscity, were guests at a family reunion held in Midway at the home ofMrs. George Parker.Mrs. Herman Conyers and littledaughter have returned to their homein Carlisle after a visit to Mr. andMrs. Henry Sledd, in this city.Mr. John Mackey and son havereturned to their home in Covingtonafter a visit to Mr. and Mrs. SamMackey and family, on South Mainstreet.Miss Alice Beal, a member of thefaculty of the Kentucky College forWomen, at Danville, is a guest at thehome of Mr. and Mrs. J. WalterPayne.Mr. James Russell, Mr. RussellFrank and Miss Carolyn Wilmothhave returned from a visit to Mr.and Mrs. John M. Barnes, in Mt.Sterling.Mrs. A. L. Boatright, accompanied by her daughter, Miss MildredBoatright, and her niece, Miss EstherBoatright, is visiting friends and relatives in New York.Miss Rosa Kenley, of Georgetown, is a guest of her aunt, Mrs. J.W. James, of Fourth street. Mrs.James also has as her guest a neph-'ew, Mr. A. R. Maddox, of Florida,wno nas oeen in tne army serviceoverseas.Mr. Jack Revelle, a former resident of Paris, was a guest of friendsfor the week-end in Paris. Mr. Revelle is now a resident of St. Louis,Mo., where he holds a position astraveling representative for theSwift Packing Co.Mr. and Mrs. Ernest H. Darnaby,Mr. .and Mrs. Varden Shipp and Mr.Henry Clay Weathers have returnedto their homes near Paris after anenjoyable motor trip to Cincinnatiand Covington, where they wereguests of relatives.Mr. and Mrs. Robert Clark andJake Stickrod and family, of Fleming county, and Mrs. J. D. Harding,of Oklahoma City, Okla., have returned to their respective homes after avisit to Mr. and Mrs. J. J. McCarty,on Mt. Airy avenue.Miss Elanor -Payne, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. J. Walter Payne, whorecently underwent an operation forappendicitis at the Massie MemorialHospital, is improving, and is able tosit up. She expects to return to herhome in a few days.Mrs. Charles A. Snyder anddaughter, Mrs. Marie Snyder, whohave been guests of Mrs, Snyder's father, Mr. W, P. Bryan, for severaldays, will leave to-day for Louisville,to join Mr. Snyder, who is in business in that city. They will reside at232 Stiltz Avenue, Crescent Hill.The prize for the highest score,a pair of white rabbits, was awarded to Mrs. Hiram Roseberry at the recent meeting of the bridge club at thehome of Mrs. John M. Stuart, on Mt.Airy avenue. After the games refreshments were served the guests.Misses Helen Hutchcraft andLeah Harper, of Paris, were awardeddiplomas at the graduating exercisesof the School of Methods, Held inLexington, last week. The class wascomposed of forty-eight memberscoming from different parts of theState.Mr. John. Price, who has beeninstructor in English at Center College, in Danville, will leave soon forOhio, where he will become a representative of the American BookCompany. Mr. Price is spending apart of his vacation as guest of hisparents, Mr. and Mrs, Lee Price, inthis city.Mrs. White varden and daugnThey Have Learned About AmericanPrinciples and Are NovEearing the Valueof Saving.During the war ordeal millions ofmen, women and children bornabroad have stood staunchely by theUnited States. Their hearts, theirservice and their dollars have proved their loyalty again and again.While sentimental sympathy attached them to the soil of their nativity,they clung to the land where theyhad found the liberty of theirdreams.Another duty and opportunity has come to these foreign-bornloyal millions to help uphold thegovernment of freedom. The WarSavings Stamp Campaign this yearaffords a special chance for reiteration of patriotic sacrifice and service.The participation of the foreignborn in the nation wide purchase ofthese stamps has a special significance. Such purchase is a particularindication to loyal help as contrastedj with the buying of stamps by thoser native to- the United States. Naturally the native should aid his govetnment, but the same aid by the foreign-bornmeans a double devotionto the Stars and Stripes in that itrequires the alien to tear asunder theties that bind him to his birth soil.The son of alien soil, through thestrength of every war Saving Stamppurchase, becomes just as much anintegral part of the national fabricas the son of seven generations ofAmerican birth. He is wove;i intothe national texture so closely andstrongly, that the completed productof the patriot loom reveals not wherethe native strand begins and the foreign ends. Every War SavingsStamp in the progress of purchase isanother movement of the. governmental shuttle in the hands of theTreasury weaver. Every alien bornwho buys his stamp is of equal fabric strength to his native bornbrother.The cost of the new stamp rangesfrom $4.12 in January to $4.23 inDecember. The Government promisest o pay $5.00 for each stamp onJanuary 1, 1924. This represents areturn of four per cent, interest onthe cost compounded quarterly.Governmental expenses and governmental obligation mount higheven though the clash of arms hasceased abroad. There is a tremend-outlay necessary for the trans-HOT WATERAT TURN OF THE TAPAlways ready. Nothing to do but toopen the faucet. The most convenient themost efficient the most gratifying thing amongall-modern household conveniences.Ruun-ffiJBfl&MRE,AOfHeats the fresh water as It runs fromthe main. Opening the faucet startsw me ne2ter hot water Hows until theOMATIw faucet is closed. That stops expense.CAS WATER HEATER ho one cent for tert ?a,,ons paysw ri va ntHk Li for remarkabie XTVXccI,L0 T -'VTi fam and oursdf to investigate this wonderiu Automatic Water. Heater. Let us show It to you.Uousportation of hundreds of thousandsof troops from France to the UnitedStates. There are social and economic necessities at home requiringimmense sums. The sum to be raised from the New War Stamp issuewill be applied toward meeting allthese necessities. The foreign bornpurchasers of stamps will give timelyand efficient aid to the GovernmentOf their adopted land. mGEN. HOGEU WILLIAMS ENDORSES SALVATION ARMYCAMAPIGN.kFor Sale ByT. W. SPICER""'" '11 ' ' T fc-t..t..t..f I T Til 1 1 1 1 U 1 1 1 UlllllllUtGeneral Roger D. Williams, formany years commander of the Kentucky National Guard, and for a timein charge of Camp Shelby, Miss.,during the war with Germany, whowent abroad in connection with thework of the Red Cross, nad ampleopportunity to observe the work ofthe Salvation Army among the American troops on the various fightingfronts, where he was himself engaged after he had been retired fromthe army. Though declared physically unfit for field work and retiredfrom the army, General Williams wasnot content to remain in America,but determined to have a part in theworld war. The National Red Cross,tah dine- nf his retirement by the Iarmy board, sent him overseas in itstMpswiwJwFiX3k ilWl 1The J. T. Hinton Co. IUNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMBRSParis Ky.Mainand SixthStreetsDay phone 36Night : . . 56or Home 286Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to withLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.ourB7xE3lHSirdU&!2iHirrj9E9tt . j i. --. Ji . vst- rt -F 1- 1,. it;co Miirf WiTin Varden. will employ, ana ue meme guuu uumleave this week for Sanderstown, j start, as indeed he would have madeRhode Island, wliere they will spendthe summer. They will visit Gen.and Mrs. Henry Whitehead, who aremembers of the summer colony there.Mrs. Oscar T. Hinton will also go toSanderstown, where she has taken abungalow for the summer. She willaccompany Mrs. Varden.(Other Personals on Page 5)0From Day to Day.Don't imagine that the doctor cancure your ills when it depends on youto care for yourself. It is not fair tothe doctor to ask him to do the wholethne with a few little pills. Whatyou do from day to day has more to dowith your health than any medicinecan possibly have, and plenty of substantial food, sleep and air constitutea daily dose that should never be overlooked.Couldn't "Unthlnk.'Elizabeth had broken her preciousdolly and was inconsolable. The entire family united in trying to cheerher up and make her forget her sorrow. One day soon after the catastrophe her mother found her in tearsand, putting her arms about her, aald :"Tell mother what's the trouble, dear.To which the little one made answer:"Oh, mother, I can't unthink about mydolly."How Do You Find It, Neighbor?Said the facetious feller, "The hardest thing after you make a paymentdown is to keep the others up."Some people fall into a fortunewith such volence that they go rightthrough it.0, Even in. the warmest weather, thegirls' summer furs are cold facts.-good as a commander, the experts 01the War Department to the contrarynotwithstanding.General Williams, however, is aloyal soldier, and he accepted withoutmurmur the decision of the retiringboard. When asked to serve in anofficial capacity recently in connection with the Home Service Campaign of the Salvation Army in Kentucky, General Williams declined onthe ground that he was still connected with the Red Cross and home onleave, but he added this comment onthe Army's work at the front:"I am pleased to say that while atthe front in France and Germany, Ihad ample opportunity to see andjudge of the most excellent work ofyonr organization. It was fully appreciated by all, especially the boysin the trenches, who were unanimousin their praise of the assistance andbenefit it was to all."Very Sincerely,"ROGER D. WILLIAMS."oNOW. TOBACCO USERS. GETHEADY FOR SLAUGHTERThe following solemn warning wasrecently sounded by the Connersvillecorrespondent of the Cynthiana LogCabin. He intends to put tobaccoout of business. So get ready, boys,the day of reckoning is coming: "Andnow that whisky goes out and prohibition takes its place on July 1st, wenever intend to cease our earnest efforts until tobacco growing, chewingand cigarette smoking will be cutout of this U. S."oAlso there are some Johnny boysin this town who never will be satised till they own an automobile thatmakes as much noise as a fire engineen route.v . ... ,1 II I tttt 1 1 1 HI 1 1 1 H 1 1 1 t tH I HillltlilMfcIeoTw. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 13?; tilGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.ii1.:iThe Home Telephone Your ServantFor Only a Few Cents Per DayLet us analyze his qualifications: He is polite, intelligent, willingalways on duty, day or night. c.He will instantly present to you the grocer, butcher, baker or aay ofthe trades-folks, or the doctor, fire department or police In emttmtfHe will go far beyond the confines of the town and bring to you inamazingly short time a member of the family or one of your good prosHe will summons the railroad, boat or theatre ticket in a few seconds. And as to wages, he will only cost you in. residence from to -8cday; in place of business from 10 to 12c per day.Paris Home Telephone TelegrafrfiCompany(Incorporated)J. J. Veatch, District Manager. w. H. Cannon, Local-Manger.The News Job Department is Always Busy."There's a Reason." Work Done Right!:AGE rora 'ragjwjyBiBr-THE BOUEBON . HEWS, 2ABK, XMTITCKY ?9TflJ TUESDAY, JUNE 24, 1915.INTERESTING OIL NOTESBIRTHDAY DINNER.The Paris Oil & Gas Company hasjust made its first distribution, to itsstockholders in the shape of a 50 percent dividend.Operating the Poplar Thicket lease,Lee county, the Co-operating Land &Development Company is preparingto sink well No. 3.The Parboken Oil Company's wellNo. 3, on the Kincaid lease in Leecounty is' promising and the drillingrig is now working on well No. 5.On tne Tyree lease in Lee county,the Co-operating Land & Development Company of Paris and Lexington, hascompleted its initial well,which is credited with 40 barrels.The McCombs Producing & Refining Company is installing a ?20,000compression plant at Campton, whichwill be used in pumping the 52 wellsowned and operated by the companyin "Wolfe county.The Bourbon Oil & DevelopmentCompany report the breaking of awrist pin in the drilling outfit inElliott county, which has delayedwork on a well now down to a depthof 970 feet, and which, when drilledin is expected to be a gusher.The Frank Calhoun Company, drilling on the Rice Crooks farm nearNontli Middletown, at a depth of 1,100 feet, struck a vein of mineralwater, that in taste is very similarto the famous Blue Lick. A sample was sent to Lexington to the Experiment Station for analysis.The Little Banjo Oil Company, ofParis, has let contracts to drill threewells on its holdings in Elliott couney. A well was recently brought inand shot by this company on itsholdings, which pumped 60 barrelsfor two weeks, but was forced to shutdown because of lack of pipe line facilities.The Associated Oil Royalties Corporation made two promising investments lately when they secureda. one-sixteenth royalty in the Cherrylease in Allen county and a 3-33 interest in the Motley-Saxon tract of 23acres in the same county. There arefifteen pumping wells on the abovetracts.The Lane Oil Company, of Paris,is reported to have purchased a substantial interest in 230 acres in Allencounty. There are 14 producingwells, on this lease. Two more machines have been started to work and.the company expects to drill at leasttwenty more wells during the present season.Regardless of unfavorable laborand health conditions in the EasternKentucky oil fields and of the intense heat that has been experiencedduring the past few weeks, activitiesin both sections of the oil districtsof Kentucky are on the increase.There was an increase of almost 7,000 barrels in runs reported by theCumberland Pipe Line Company during the past week, which, with thereported amount of contracts fordrilling and new leases that havebeen acquired, indicates that thenext few weeks will see larger productions in runs and competitionsthan has been the case in the past.Representatives of Oklahoma companies are becoming interested inKentucky pools, and a number ofKentucky companies have sent scoutsand representatives to Oklahoma and i STATETexas to make a study of the conditions in those States in regard to theoil prospects and to obtain leases.oMrs. John Woodford entertainedin honor of her father's 77th birthday anniversary Saturday at herhome near Paris, with an elaboratedining.If any of the pessimists who grumble and moan that the "good old daysare over in Kentucky" had been present at the Woodford home on Saturday, June 21, they would have hadtheir last fear put to flight and beenobligated to acknowledge that thehospitality that once made us ramous,still lives and flourishes.Mr. and Mrs. John Woodford havethat peculiar grace that seems to bethe birthright of true-born Kentuck--ians, of making their guests so sincerely welcome as to make an invitation to their attractive home eagerlysought for by their friends.Saturday, June 21st was the occasion of the gathering together of oneof the representative families of thissection in. response to an invitationfrom Mrs. Woodford. It was the77th anniversary of the birth of herfather, Mr. John VanMeter, of Boylecounty, and the VanMeter clan gathered from far and near to do himhonor.Forty guests sat around the longhospitable table that fairly groanedbeneath its burden of good things,and just for a minute the talk andlaughter was stilled, as in a few wellchosen words Mr. VanMeter gavethanks to the Giver of every goodand perfect gift. As the words fellfrom his lips, every heart presentwas saying "A hoary, head is a crownof glory it it be found in the way ofrighteousness."The guests lingered until theshadows begun to lengthen and onlythe long drive that lay before manyof them, brought them to the parting of the ways. Mr. VanMeter looked like a pariarch of old, as he stoodamong his kinspeople and listenedto their happy wishes for many returns of the day and the love andaffection they so freely expressed.The only child of the Woodford homebears his grandfather's name in full,and as the two stood side by side aline from Lowell most fittingly cameto mind, "If youth be a defect, it isone we outgrow only too soon."Mr. VanMeter's two daughters,Miss Anna and Miss Sue Vanmeter,accompanied him to Bourbon. Theguests present were:Mr. and Mrs. B. F. VanMeter, Mrs.Emma V. Hamilton, Mrs. WilliamPettit, Mr. William Petti t, Mr. Harold Pettit, Mrs. Scott VanMeter, Mrs.Fannie V. Savage, Mr. L. M. Vanmeter, Dr. and Mrs. B. F. VanMeter,Mr. and Mrs. Solomon VanMeter, Mr.Joe VanMeter, Misses Mabel andMartha VanMeter, all of Lexington;Mr. and Mrs. Prewitt VanMeter, Mr.and Mrs. T. W. VanMeter, Mr. Emmanuel VanMeter, Mr. Willis VanMeter, Mrs. Nelson VanMeter, MissesElizabeth VanMeter, Anna ColemanVanMeter, Amelia Clay VanMeter,Mr. and Mrs. Will Duty, Mr. and Mrs.Will Gay, Mr. and Mrs. Nelson Gay,of Winchester; Mr. J. M. VanMeter,Misses Anna and Sue VanMeter, ofDanville; Mr. and Mrs. C. L. Steenbergen and Miss Frances Steenbergen, of Paris.LATEST ON THE TOWN!Have you seen the new car?OAKLAND MOTOR SALES CO.,108 Tenth Street.(17-3t)HAIL INSURANCE.Insure your tobacco againsthail withYERKES & PEED.Prompt and satisfactory adjustments.(june20-tf)IN THE SERVICE OP THEIRCOUNTRY.Gunner's Mate Edwin B. Patin, incharge of the naval recruiting stationat Lexington, announces that Asa B.Webb, of Paris, has enlisted in theservice. Webb will leave for Louisville to-day for final examination.Mr. Heshel Humble, who has beenin the service overseas for severalmonths returned to Paris, Sundaynight, having received his final discharge papers. He was first in theforestry branch of the service, andwas later transferred to the regularservice and sent overseas. He is aguest at the home of Mr. and Mrs.Drake Thompson, on -.Duncan avenue.Mr. Henry C. Curtis, of Paris, received a message Saturday from hisson, Lieut. Earl Curtis, stating thathe had arrived in Ft. Worth, Texas,for a short visit and would come toParis soon. Lieut. Curtis was in theservice on the Mexican-Texan borderfor two years and later in France,where he won promotion.Dr. B. F. Orr and family, ofStoner avenue, received a radio message yesterday from Capt. (Dr.) Jas.A. Orr, stating that he would landat Charleston, S. C, in a few hoursand would proceed to a demobilization camp, where he would be mustered out of the service. Capt. Orrwas in the Medical Corps of theArmy overseas.Private James Horton, of Paris,who volunteered in the service at thebeginning of the world-war, has returned home on an indefinite furlough. He came from the camp atQuantico, Va., where he was sent after arriving from overseas. Hortonwas a member of the Marines, butdid not get to see any active fighting.Mr. W. B. Tinsley, formerly connected with the Paris Gas & ElectricCo., spent several days here as guestof friends. Mr. Tinsley had been inthe service overseas, and received hisfinal discharge about five weeks ago.After a visit to his old home in Salem,Virginia, and spending some time atother points in the East and Westvisiting he came to Paris for a shortstay. Mr. Tinsley has resumed hisold position as traveling man for alarge Western manufacturing concern, having headquarters in St.Louis.Among the members of the colored contingent recently returnedfrom overseas, were the followingfrom the North Middletown vicinity:Charlie Ed Mason, Andrew Finch,Chester Finch, Chas. Butler, LucienMack and Essie Stevenson. All hadbeen in the service in France, butwere not close to the firing line, anddid not participate in any of the battles. Mason received a promotion toFirst Sergeant and Butler was madeSupply Sergeant. They said theywere glad to get back to old Kentucky, but that if they were neededagain they would gladly return.oLATEST ON THE TOWNHave you seen the new car?OAKLAND MOTOR SALES CO.,108 Tenth Street.(17-3t)MONEY RIGHT IN YOUR HANDFOR EGOS. POULTRYAND JUNK.HAIL INSURANCE.Hail Insuranct on tobacco.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.june2i-tf)BAR ASSOCIATIONMEET AT LEXINGTON.TOKENTUCKY DAY OBSERVED ATMETHODIST CENTENARY.Recognition of the fact that Methodist missionary achievements hadtheir beginning in the Buckeye Statein 1819 was made by several speakers at the Ohio and Kentucky Daycelebration at the Methodist Centenary, at Columbus, O.Former Governor James E. Campbell was a speaker for the State, inthe absence of Governor James M.Cox, detained at his home at Dayton"by illness. Mr. Campbell, in eloquent terms, insisted that Ohio wasthe promised land for the early settlers and that for a hundred yearsthe history of the State has been interwoven with the history of Methodism. Chief Justice Hugh L. Nichols, of the Ohio Supreme Court, praised the Methodist church for the partit lias taken in the cause of good government. Bishon William F. Anderson, ofCincinnati, in charge of the Centenary campaign in Ohio and Indianaand part of Kentucky, told of thegenerous way in which the people ofthat area had gone over the top inthe great missionary drive.. B-4 FIREInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,Agts. oCLUBHOUSE ON BIX RIVER NEARDANVILLE BURNED.Marguerite Fox's houseparty camelo an abrupt close when the clubhouse on the Dix River, near DanTille, burned to the ground. Dinnerwas being served when a coal oiltove exploded. The entire kitchenwas in flames immediately and all efforts to check the fire were futile.rirt, Wind and LightningInsurance.Tbmc, Wetdtard Jc BryanBetween 150 and 200 lawyers fromall parts of the State are expected toattend the eighteenth annual sessionof the Kentucky State Bar Association, which will be held in Lexington, Thursday and Friday, June 26and 27. The sessions will be held inthe Circuit Court room.Attractive features have been arranged by the Fayette Bar Association for the entertainment of the visiting lawyers and their wives.Luncheon will be served them at theChamber of Commerce rooms Thursday, and Friday lunch will be servedat the Country Club, after which opportunities will be afforded for dancing, golf and motor trips to points ofinterest about Lexington. A reception will be given to, Henry St.George Tucker, of Lexington, Va.,who will make the annual address,and the visiting lawyers and theirguests at the Phoenix Hotel immediately following the evening sessionThursday.The annual banquet will be heldat the Phoenix Hotel at 7:30 o'clockFriday, June 27. Judge WilliamRogers Clay, Commissioner of Appeals at Frankfort, formerly of Lexington, will be the toastmaster.There will be a large attendanceby members of the Bourbon countybar. Judge Denis Dundon, of Paris,is one of tne vice-presidents of theAssociation.HAIL INSURANCE.Insure your tobacco againsthall withYERKES & PEED.Prompt and satisfactory adjustments. (june20-tf)TAKE IT DOWN!When an old building becomestumbled-down-and-out,and unsightly,and a general eye-sore, there is an instant demand for its removal. Thebig billboard in the court house yardis in the same class. Having-servedthe purpose for which it was erected,is there any longer real need for 'retaining it It is not the least bit ornamental, and with its frayed andtorn posters, does not in the leastadd to the attractiveness of the building or the lawn. Why shouldn't itbe removed?Highest cash price for eggs.poultry, hides and junk.MUNICH & WIDES CO.,(11-tf) Eighth Street, Paris Ky.oSALVATION ARMY CAMPAIGN ISCONDUCTED THIS WEEK.The work of raising money in Kentucky for the House Service Fund ofthe Salvation Armv of America, hvmeans of which the Army will continue its work among the poor, outcast, fallen and abandoned in the bigcities and relieve the wants of suffering children due to poverty for whichthey have been in no way to blame,is now on in Kentucky. It is amovement which ought to be aided byevery man, woman and child, whobelieves in work for humanity."They that are whole need not aphysician, but they that are sick,"said the lowly Nazarene, and thisdoctrine the Salva'tion Army has beenpracticing ever since the founding ofthe movement by General WilliamBooth in the slums of London. Evangeline Booth is at the head of the Salvation Army in America. With theendorsement of General John J.Pershing, Secretary of War Baker,President Wilson, General Foch andGeneral Joffre of the work doneamong the soldiers of Europe, her organization is going before Americafor funds for the work at home, sincethe work among the soldiers has beenpractically completed. Let us all giveto this worthy enterprise as we areable a-nd as we gave to every otherdrive for such work since the warbegan. No money we have ever givenwill bring more beneficial resultsthan this given to the SalvationArmy.ELECTEIC PANS KEEP KOOLAND KOMFOETABLELargest shipment of Westinghouseelectric fans ever brought to Parishas just been received. All 'sizes,styles and prices. See the small bedroom fan it is a comfort almost indispensible. PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.(3-tf)oTHE HOT WEATHER STOVESCHAMBERS ITRELESS GASRANGES.Get a pamphlet and see what youcan save by using a Chambers Fireless Gas Range. Let us show youthis stove it's a wonder. ,(30-8t)JOHN MERRINGER.aaaaaaaoaaaaaaaaantftaaaMaaaiaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaatCHAUTAUQUAWHTE & MYERS SYSTEMThe Paris Grand Opera HouseOne Week UU V fkCommencing W J mm IiKJrBSmmmtBKImSimmm'SfSMSBSf&i mtmmMmi$myimmtrihSmmSakuSSilBSamwlmmwSr mmkmvkmkmkmkmmmwM jkmkkmwksuwkSkmkmkmBBkmklSBkmkmkMmmPIANOFORETuneful Light OperaDoctorJ. S. Montgomery'The Voice of the NewAge."Robert Goldsmith"TheLeaguetions."of Na-DUNBAR'S WHITE HUSSARS, A SINGING BANDCormeling's OldColonial BandBaldy Strong' 3.EntertainersC. W. WASSAM"The Secret Power."DR. K. K, VIOLETT "The Sunset Trail"A Bis Paris Favorite.EMILY WATERMANConcert PartyDR. JOHN A. GARY"Out of Work"ELIZABETH HUNTRed Cross Nurse.MARIE VANGASTEL, BELGIAN WAR NURSE"The Invasion of Belgium."SEASON TICKETS NOW ON SALEPrices Adults $2.20, Children $1.10, War Tax IncludedMOttDon't Let the WeatherMan Bother YouJ Summer is a strenuous period for everyman, and to feel right: mentally and physicallyyou must be dressed in cool, comfortable clothing. We are making a special showing of thekind of summer clothing that will help youkeep as "cool as 'a cucumber,' ' and make youfeel more like living this hot weather.Not only must your clothes be light, butthey must look, right and you can depend on, Walsh's Clothes for that.iiPALM BEACHES, MOHAIRS,CRASHESare the practical things for hot weather, andthey are well made to hold their shape. Theyare made in waist seam styles single breastedmodels and all other good styles. All colorings,sizes and models for every one. If you arelooking for good values, come here.Summer Suits$10 to $20What About Head Comfort?Your head can be "made feel comfortableright here. One of " our Straws, Panamas orLeghorns will add much to your "head comfort" this hot weather. 'Straws$lto$5Panamas Leghorns$4 to $6 $2 to $4mi $& jjr fo -ftTHE GENUINE CLOTHMFCOffr OOOOAU. WORSTED CO.SnOff AJCHMIT-23B FOURTH JttEjCCCR. P. WALSH7th and MainOne-Price StoreParis, Ky.3?y.Otf ''&TUESDAY,- JUNE 24, 1919.THE " BOUBBOK JTEWS, JATIIS, mUTULLgPAGEHVETOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSESHIET AT $3.You can find Manhattan Shirts inexcellent patterns here at 3.J. W. DAVIS & CO.oHAIL INSURANCE.Hail insurance on tobacco.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.june24-tf)K. OF P. LODGE INITIATES.At the recent meeting of Rathbone Lodge, Knights of Pythias, theKnight Rank was conferred on aclass of seven, as follows: JamesPridemore, L. L. Harp. Wm. Martin,Aithur Watson, Jas. Crump, OraRankin and Harry Wilson. The FirstRank will he conferred at the nextmeeting.oINJURED BY FALL.SOCIAL AM) PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.While working on a tobacco barnbeong erected "by Mr. Ed. Owsley forMr. Charles Peddicord, Mr. W. J.tain, sustained serious injuries,Alien some timbers fell on him. Histad, shoulders, back and knee werenjured. He was removed to hislome on Eighth street and givenmedical attention.oSPEAKS ON TAX LAW.Mr. James H. Thompson, of Paris,-poke to a large audience in Cy-nthi-anaSaturday, in opposition to thepresent tax law. Mr. Thompson declared himself for the farmer and his.nterests and expressed his opinionthat the law ought to be repealed orvery materially amended. His speechvi as well-received by the audience.. oA CORRECTION.Through a typographical error inJ. W. Davis & Co.'s advertisement,Friday, it read, 'A Serge Suit For?25," when it should have been $35.-o-.DELICIOUS HONEY DEWJJANTELOUPES. Nice shipment of delicious HoneyDew Canteloupes. Have you orderedyours?(It) C. P. COOK & CO.. oGOING INTO JOURNALISMMr. Thornton Connell, of this city,who has been a member of the classin journalism at the University ofKentucky for several terms, and whorecently graduated with honors inthat department, has accepted a position on the reportorial staff of theLexington Herald, and is now "iniarness." Mr. Connell has made afine record in his chosen work, andhas the highest praise from the Deanof the Journalism Department, Mr.Enoch Grehan. While attending theUniversity, Mr. Connell was editor-in-chiefof the Kentucky Kernel, theofficial college publication, which hekept to a high standard.oHAIL INSURANCE.Tobacco hail insurance.McClure & Donaldson.june24-tf) ' -i ,SEE THE HRELESS GAS RANGE.Save fuel, food, time and have convenience, efficiency that is found inusing the Chambers Fireless GasRange.- Let us show you the fivegood points.(3Q-8t) JOHN MERRINGER.TO TABOO "KID CHAUFFEURS"Notices have been, served by theauthorities on a number of Paris people owning automobiles who havebeen employing boys under eighteenyears of age as chauffeurs that thepractice must be stopped at oncIt has developed during the past fewdays that in several cases boys asyoung as sixteen have been regularlyemployed in driving cars.Near Georgetown, Saturday, Everett Johnson, 16 years old, son ofGarfield Johnson, while driving hisfather's automobile on the Paris pike,struck a wagon belonging to anddriven by D. J. King, of Montgomerycounty, with such force that it wasdemolished. Mr. King escaped withFeveral bruises.FIRELESS GAS GAUGES.Let us show you the five big points-n the Chambers Fireless Gas Range.See window display.(30-8t) JOHN MERRINGER.oUSt SATURDAY LONGEST DAYOF THE YEAR.Between Daylight Saving and OldSol, the enthusiastic amateur gardener, had the greatest time of his lifeSaturday. Officially he had fourteenhnnrc n-nA fnrtv.mnA minutes inMrs. Pattie Lou Kohlass, ofWinchester, is a guest of her sister,Mrs. C. J. Clarke.Mr. George Lewis Payne, ofTampa, Florida, is a guest of relatives in this city and county.Mrs. Ov P. Carter, Jr., has returned to her home in Lexington after a visit to friends and relatives inthis city.Mrs. L. B. Purnell was a guestof Mr. and Mrs. Charles Rieckel andfamily in Cynthiana, Friday and Saturday. Mr. Edward Fithian, of Louisville, was a week-end guest of hisparents, Mr. and Mrs. Charles NFithian.Mrs. Robert J. , Neely.'.Mrs. J.Frank Clay and Miss Arderv. willleave this week for a stay at BattleCreek, Mich.Mr. Charles Mauser and MissMary Winn have returned to theirhomes in Lexington, after a visit torelatives in Paris.Mrs. Drake Vaughn and littledaughter, of Winchester, are guestsof her parents, Mr. and Mrs. SamW. Willis, in this city.Mr. Jeff C. Elgin, who is traveling for a big concern in Memphis,Tenn., is a guest of his mother, Mrs.A-nna Elgin, of Fifth street.Miss Eva Lee Featherstone andMrs. Florence Adams Croom have returned to their homes in Georgetown,from a visit to Paris friends and relatives. Mr. Wm. (Cunny) Higgins leftyesterday for Martinsville, Ind.,where he will undergo treatmentfor rheumatism at the National Sanitrarium. Squire and Mrs. John J. Redmonand Mr. and Mrs. Wm. S. Jones havereturned to their homes near NorthMiddletown from a stay at Martinsville, Ind.Mr. O. T. Hinton, and Mr. Chas.Wilmoth left Saturday for New YorkCity, where they will remain severaldays on a business mission connectedwith their oil interests.Miss Lillian Howard, formerlya member of the Cumberland Telephone Co.'s staff of operators, wastaken to the Massie Memorial Hospital, Sunday, where an operation forappendicitis will be performed.Mr. J. F. Todd has returned froma three-months' visit to relatives inSouthern Georgia. Mr. Todd sold hisfarm in Madison county, and willmake his home with his daughter,Mrs. L. R. Henry, in North Middletown. Mr. H. D. Haynes, of Fernbank,Ohio, accompanied by Mr. W. H.Isley, a prominent attorney of Shelbyville, Indiana, were guests for theweek-end of friends and relatives inParis. Mr. Haynes was formerlymanager of the Paris Distillery Company's plant in this city.Miss Elizabeth Ferguson entertained at her home in GeorgetownSaturday in compliment to her guest,Miss, Evelyn Brown, of New York.Bourbon county guests were MissesLucy and Matilda Ferguson, HughPayne and Wm. Wornall.Miss Janie Marsh, is very ill oftyphoid fever, and her father, Mr. B.B. Marsh, with paralysis, at theirhome in East Paris. Miss Mary Williams, a guest at the Marsh home, isalso ill. All three are under the careof physicians and two trained nurses.They were reported yesterday as doing very well.Mr. John Price and Mr. andMrs. Douglas Clay were guests Friday night at a dance given at theLexington Country Club by Mr. andMrs. Louis des Cognets, in honor oftheir house guests. Dancing was indulged in and supper served duringthe entertainment. The hosts wereassisted by Mr. and Mrs. HoganYancey and Mr. Louis des Cognets,Jr, i i -1 - i . .- i - - .Mr. Eli Baerlo Friedman, ofParis, who graduated with highdistinction from the University ofKentucky last week, has accepted aposition in the employ of the FederalRubber Company, at Cudahy, Wis., aschemist. He will leave this weekfor his new home. The good wishesof a. host of friends will accompanyhim. 'Mr. and Mrs. Albert C. Wachsand Mrs. Wachs' daughters. Misses.Eula and Verna Turpin, will leaveto-day for a motor trib t3 EVansville,Ind., where they will be guests ofMr. Wachs' parents, Mr. and Mrs.Fred Wachs. From there they willgo ib Browns, 111., to visit Mr.Wachs' sister, Mrs. Wm. Pfeffer.They will return by way of Mammoth Cave and Stanford.Mrs. Volney W. Ferguson, ofnear Paris, was a guest Saturday atthe second of the series of partiesgiven by Mrs. Reuben Ford Offuttand Mrs. William Kenney Ferguson,at the former's apartments in theNew Lancaster Hotel. Twenty-fiveguests enjoyed the hostesses' hospitality. At the conclusion of thebridge games a substantial lunch,with punch, was served.A party of young women fromCentral Kentucky who are to takethe summer course at the ColumbiaUniversity, in New York, will leaveLexington, Thursday morning fromLexington. The party will be inrhnrse of Miss Reba Lockhart, ofllotte Henry, Eleanor Haynes, (Fern-bank, O.') Sara Power and NellCutcher; Mesdames Douglas Clay,Robert Johnson, John M. Stuart,Wallace Dalby and Edward T. Prichard. Mr. Ussery Wilder, victim of arecent automobile accident, who is atthe Massie Memorial Hospital, wasreported last night as being greatlyimproved. He was able to take nourishment and to jecognize his parents.His early recovery is now hoped for.The first case of heat prostration to be reported in Paris this summer was that of Mr. Nicholas Connell, of the firm of January & Connell. Mr. Connell was overcome bythe heat one day the past week whileen route home. He is .now entirelyrecovered and able to be at his placeof business.(Other Personals on Page 3.)oAIR OOMPRESSER GETS TOOMUCH PRESSURE BLOOEY !IKBHXEK!With a sound that resembled theexplosion of about a dozen handgrenades or a Big Bertha during therecent world war a big air compressor at the Chevrolet Garage of ClaudeRedmon & Co., adjoining the Parisfire department let go yesterday,wrecking the tank, and spreading theair all over the surrounding atmosphere. The tank was being pumped up byone of the employes of the place andit seemed he got too enthusiastic onhis job, with the result that thepressure dim' and clim' until thepoor tank couldn't stand so muchsqueezing, and gave up. No onehurt. The tank is used for fillingdeflated automobile tires, and is generally filled to a high pressure.oAT THE PARIS GRAND AND THEALAMO.To-day, Tuesday, June 24 BryantWashburn, in "Poor Boob;" WilliamDuncan in "The Man of Might," andHarold Lloyd Comedy.To-morrow, Wednesday, June 25Billie Burke, in "Good Gracious,Annabelle;" Big V Comedy, "Faresand Fair Ones;" Bray Pictograph.Thursday, June 26 Ladies' DayNorma Talmadge, in "The NewMoon;" Arbuckle Comedy, "Fatty'sBusy Day." Two ladies admitted forone paid ticket, plus 3c war tax.Brewers' Musical Entertainers,Jazz Orchestra, singing and playingeach afternoon and evening. Seebig display advertisement in thisissue.HARRY SIMON'SDressesFor Every Summer Needioriy-mue """. " I -;r , r m in fho Pariswhich he -light toil with rake and ari. us-x ---- ; . -.hoe and patent weeder that won'tweed. The sun rose at o . u u wiBummer time, and set at 8:20. Butwith the aid of the zodiacal lightsbefore sunrise and after sunset, the"aext-to-nature boy" could get in acouple hours' more hard work. Saturday was the summer solstice, June21, the worst time in the year to geta good .night's rest. For when thesun insists on staying up half thenight and then restlessly awakenagain when a fellow has just begunto sleep, it's a dirty trick. Old Solwas at his farthest point north ofthe equator. But he passed the solstitial point the sign Cancer in thezodiac Saturday and from now onthere will be a minute or two knocked off the length of every day untilthe sun passes Capricorn on thetouth.High School, and will go over theC & O. road via Washington City.Miss Margaret Griffith, of Paris, willalso be a member of the party.One of the delightful socialevents of the past week was thebridge party given at her home Friday afternoon by Mrs. Woodford C.Daniel, in honor of her attractivehouse guest, Miss Frances Armstrong,of Kansas City, Mo. The rooms werebeautifully decorated with basketsand bowls of correopsis and nasturtiums. Following the games refreshments of brick ice cream, individualcakes and mints were served. Thoseo nn.rt.ook of the hostesses hospitality were: Misses Frances Armstrong, Patsey Clark, Charlina Ball,Margaret Ferguson, Mary Adams Talw Mare-aret Griffith. Frances Clay,1 Agn'es Turner, Elizabeth Tarr, Char-EOURRON FARMING CONDITIONS.Had the rains not come, yesterday would have seen all thewheat fields in this county scenes ofactivity. The grain is now ready forthe mowers and" shockers. Somefarmers began cutting their fieldslast Friday and Saturday. It hasbeen stated that there are practicallythirty thousand acres of the goldengrain in this county, which willmake an average yield of sixteen toeighteen bushels of wheat to theacre. The quality of the grain isL"said by competent judges to be excellent. One hundred farmers inthe county will operate their selfbinders with tractors this year, instead of horse-power of the old days,thus showing how the march of progress has invaded even the farm.Farmers have been for the mostpart very busy the past week fighting weeds, the noxious growthspringing up very rapidly as a resultof the recent heavy rains and hotsunshine. Corn plowing and tobaccoplowing and hoeing have been verynecessary in order to get rid of thepests. Both the corn and the tobacco crops have been showing vigorous growth under the stimulus ofthe rains and the sunshine. Someparts of the county have not been aswell-favored in the way of moistureas have others. But, taken asawhole, the conditions on the farm arevery good.. oJUDGE ASSESSES HEAVY FINES.In the County Court a number ofresidents of the colored suburb ofParis, Claysville, who ha,ve been indulging in a series of personal encounters, were given heavy fines byCounty Judge George Satterton.Maggie Freeman, alias Maggie Small,AVas, assessed $10 and costs, Wm.Robinson ?25 and costs and WalterJohnson and Joe Coleman $5 andcosts each. Johnson paid his fine andwas released, while the others weresent to the care of Jailer TommieTaul to remain in his care for several days, unless some good Samaritan should come to their relief.STILL DRIVING.The camDaiffn for the purpose ofraising the sum of $1,000 as Bour-jbon county's quota in the isoy bcouicampaign, is still on. Up to yesterday the sum of $600 had been secured, and the prospects were good for?pmirinr the remainder. House tohouse committees will probably havethe work in hand this week, ana pusnit to a successful conclusion.oMONEY RIGHT IN YOUR HANDFOR EGKxS. IfUULTtfXAND JUNK.Highest cash price for eggs,poultry, hides and junk.MUNICH & WIDES CO.,(11-tf) Eighth. Street, Paris, Ky.Whether you are planning a trip or expect to stay intown, this showing of beautf ul dresses will interest you.And the prices are very alluring when quality and cutare considered.Georgette Crepein white and colors, daintily embroidered and beaded, showingall the newest touches. Ideal for afternoon and evening wear. w 'Evening Gownsin Taffeta and Tulle all shades.Street and Traveling Dresses .,of Taffeta, the most practical and stylish of costumes. Also thenew Tricolette Sport Suits.Voiles and Organdiesin all the wanted color combinationns cool summer dresses thatare indispensable.Prices Range from $15.00 UpHARRY SIMON224-2;2S West Main St., Lexington, Ky:Main Street, Paris, Ky.ittXFoundLeather pocket memorandumbook, containing a small sum ofmoney, a note for $100 and some other papers, and a -traveling card issued by St. John Commandery No. 89,of Maysville, to James Collins, Treasurer. Call or address this office.Beautify your Homwith ourNew(StylishWallPapers.im X. $'ieC wI. "SLLK ) r BCM. .1X yf 6 T ys K zl ,aei00f5r&Position WantedWanted, position as stenographerby a Paris young man of experience.Can furnish good references. Callthis office for information.' (24-2t)Take a look at your old papers on the Wall andthen come in and look at our new, up-to-date wallpapers.You know not how many poisonous "germs"lurk hidden in the cracks of your rooms.Be sanitary and beautify your home for yourfamily's sake. And you may have visitors.Buy your Wall paper and things from us andknow it is right.THE J. T. HINTON CO.EITHERPHONE 36 PARIS, KENTUCKY SIXTH AND MAINMotor Hearse Motor Invalid Coach Undertakingit'T'JVAGESES JrKrrr-rTHE B0TJBB03T NEWS, PAEIS, KEHTUCKt 9B!&EttMTUESDAY, JUNE 24, 1919.IIGALCOMPANYPRESUMES. B. Hawes, Louisville BusinessMan, Gladly PrisesTrutona.:1OUISVILLE, KY.f June 23. Business men, professional men, laborersand artisans, as well as hundreds ofwomen, are to-day indorsing Trutona. C. B. Hawes, 1415 Winter avenue, president and general managerof the Hawes Chemical Company,has the following praise:"It gives me pleasure to indorseTrutona. I found it excellent fortreatment of .nervous indigestion.For some time I had great difficultyto sleep at night. I was subject tofrequent attacks of nausea early inthe morning. This made me feelmiserable."I -noticed a considerable improvement in my entire system after taking Trutona a few days. I feel muchbetter and stronger now and havemore 'pep.' I also sleep well and thenausea and nervousness have beengreatly relieved. Trutona is allright. I gladly recommend it."Trutona is an excellent systemtonic, appetizer, laxative andstrength builder. Thousands or iventuckians have testifid to its meritsas a treatment in cases of stomach,liver and bowels.Trutona is now being introducedand explained in Paris at G-. S. Varden & Son's. (adv)oTHE LOCAL PAPER A VALUABLEASSET.The .local weekly or daily papersdeserve better support than they receivce in many communities. Somehave -not succeeded because of thepolicy or lack of policy of their management, but our experience convinces us that the great majorityof the papers devoted to the interests,-of the home community deservehearty support. The metropolitandaily will bring to one's doorstep thenews of the world seen through thespectacles of the city editor, but it isthe editor who lives in the heart ofthe community who is able to reflectthe sentiment of the local group. Healone is the true interpreter of eventsas they affect the small home townand the country immediately surrounding it. He alone is able to put' real sparkle into the account of thewedding of boys and grils whom hehas seen grow up. He alone is ableto put the throb of real feeling1 intothe obituaries of the men and womenamong whom he has spent his lifeand with whom he has worked forthe improvement and advancementof the old home town. These localpapers deserve better than they generallyget. During the war they havehad hard sledding many of themand now they have a perfect right tocome to the citizens of their localityasking real business support. Giveit to them. If the local paper hasthe proper kind of encouragement itcan-do more for the welfare of thetown and the countryside than anyother factor. Support means morethan merely subscribing. Send in thenews. Patronize the advertising columns. Pretty soon you will findyourself becoming more interested inthe ' community than you ever werebefore and you will find that it is agood place to stay rather than something to try to get away from. Helpthe local paper and it will help you.ERENCH ERROR WITH GUNS v-" (Tampa Tribune.) "It is the opinion of the Tribunethat one of the most harrowing af-ter-the-wardisclosures is Maj. Gen.Alexander's story that many of thecasualties in. the 77th Division werecaused by French artillery fire.v The explanation discloses one ofthose s!rafig:e caprices of generalship-which are part of the history ofall wars. The French assumed thatmen of the 77th occupying a ravinehad, surrendered. In spite of theAmerican officers protest they shelledthe ravine. Their assumption wasreached without taking into accountthe indomitable courage and will ofthe American soldiers. They had notsurrendered nor did they surrender.However, they paid a stiff price incasualties for the misconceived military intelligence that directed theWar itself is a succession of regrets. Nor is such blundering as the77th's commander records uncommon. It happened at second BullRun, at Shiloh, in the Wildernessand on the Po River.The war just closed was fought onsuch a grand scale, with such highpowered arms, that the wonder isthere were not more costly errors.The fact that there were so few isfinal testimony to the accuracy ofmodern artillery fire and indisputable evidence of the excellency ofword transmission wireless and telephonic in battle.oWHEAT FIELDS SUFFER HUGE- LOSS FROH RAVAGEWORMSWheat and grain fields in Indianaare .being burned by farmers in aneffort to stop the ravages of the"army worm," which has appearedin great numbers in various sectionsof the State, especially the east central portion. Gangs of 50 to 100men have been working together forseveral days in some places, but theirefforts to poison and stop the worm,it is said, have had little result. Asa. last resort flre is being used in-fields the worms have entered. No" estimate of the loss is available, butnear Muncie alone it is said to exceed $50,000.- ,ISLAM ART NOT PERMANENTMost Beautiful Masterpieces AreCrumbling Because Constructedof Perishable Material.The two capital cities of centralAsia have left mosques and tombswhich for their grace, decorations andgrandeur, are precious documents ofthe culture .of a splendid epoch, AsiaMagazine states. The intricate carving of the gates and .the enameiedtiles, azure, purple and saffron, heapup a prodigality of design, all themore remarkable because, according tothe Islam law, the representation ofliving nature in any form is forbidden.This restriction developed a wreath ofextremely beautiful geometrical andconventional patterns, and to the useof texts of the koran In the highlydecorative Arabic characters.Unfortunately, the Moslems did notconstruct for permanency, in marble,like the Greeks. The enamel tiles ofthe facades are rapidly falling away,the walls of clay are disintegratingand the broken roofs furnish asylumsfor birds. The natives, indolent andfatalist, shrug their shoulders and consider it a part of the natural order ofthings for monuments to crumble andpass away. Soon the jade and turquoise-pagesin the history of centralAsia will be obliterated more completely than the records of Babylonand Pompeii.TRUTH ABOVE ALL THINGS.Incomparably the Best Business AssetThat a Man or Firm CanPossess.A successful merchant, when askedthe question, "What is the best assetof a business house?" said: "The bestasset a business house can possess isa reputation for absolute truth."Such was the exhortation latelygiven to a young man who has yet toarrive, by a veteran who, In well-earnedretirement, can comfort himselfwith the reflection that he hasbeen one of the most successful business men of the age.To the cynic advice of this qualitymay seem, perhaps, to call up shadesof George Washing'ton at the periodwhen "he couldn't tell a lie." Butmen of sense long ago have realizedthat, even should they brush the question of morals aside and be content toargue the matter from its lowest andmost cynical standpoint, the truth-tellingpolicy still remains the best; infact, the only possible working policyfor the man who aims at any definiteand lasting success in businessTThe truth-teller is, in short, the manwho stands to make good in the business field; he is the only man whocounts to any really vital extentirst Aid1 Book..Attach to the medicine closet, witha string and pencil a small alphabetically arranged notebook.Under the letter P, for instance,write the antidoes for the differentpoisons, for, although one may knowthem, when the baby swallows thewrong tablet knowledge is apt to desert one, and by the time the doctorarrives upon the scene It may be toolate.Under F writes "Fainting Spells"and what to do. "Cuts and Bruises"list under their proper letter and"Sunstroke," "Burns," and so on,through the list of accidents and sudden illnesses. All this may be takenfrom a regular first aid book, butadded to this may be remedies forsickness to which one's special familyIs subject.From year to year one forgets whatIt was that proved so effective in thatcase of qujn PVj but can easily refer toIt in this manner. """-Being arranged alphabetically, it Isthe work of but a moment to find thedesired lntoriwtiori?m&&$3&-' Dcses of Medloint for Loot.Wood, being a vegetable structure,is hable tfl decay. But if properly"doped" with some preservation chemical it may be rendereS almost decayproof which, when the matter Isbrought down to dots, means proofagainst devouring insects and destructive fungi r, .-Creosote is one of the chemicalscommonly used for this purpose. Btit,whether this or another, the most up-to-datemethod adopted is to saturatelogs with the preservation stuff bypumping the latter into their intimatestructure.The preservative, under pressure, isforced into the pores and Intersticesof the logs through a rubber pipe towhich is attached a contrivance thatshows on a dial the exact amount ofpressure used.Gave Welcome to Lafayette.On the Waccamaw river, in SouthCarolina, far back on a commandingeminence, with acres of rice land andpine forests stretching away on everyhand, stands a notable relic of colonialand revolutionary days "ProspectHill," the venerable home of BenjaminHuger (pronounced U-gee), an American patriot of French-Huguenot ancestry. It was here that the Marquis deLafayette spent his first night in America, In 1777, landing on North island atthe mouth of Winyaw bay. He wasmet by the owner of "Prospect Hill,"and was conveyed in a rowboat propelled by negro oarsmen in livery tohis destination, where a grand reception was given in his honor.The mansion was brilliantly lightedand adorned with flags, and notedguests from the country around weregathered to welcome the distinguishedson of France.CONTINUE TO MAKE SOME WARLIKE PEEPAEATIONS.LONDON, ENG., June 24. Morning newspapers feature British navaland other preparations in the eventof Germany refusing to sign thetreaty of peace and print under bigheadlines several unofficial reportswhich are current.The Grand Fleet again has beenplaced on a war footing, it is reportedj and is ready to sail for Germanwaters.It also is stated that the divigibleR-34 has been diverted from hertransatlantic trip, equipped withbombs and machine guns and hasbeen sent or is going to the Baltic,while her companion aircraft, theR-33, similarly equipped, left Wednesday night f for a cruise, which includes the Kiel Canal.A telegram from Copenhagen reports arrival there of a dozen Britishcruisers and a number of destroyersprepared to enforce the blockade.BRUSSELS, June 24. The Kingand Queen of the Belgians said goodby to (President and Mrs. Wilson,Thursday, after a day of functionsand sight-seeing that taxed the energies of every individual in the American party.The President made, three speechesand an extended tour of the battlefields, attended a luncheon and aformal dinner by the King. Had therebeen any doubt relative to the feeling between Americans and Belgians,it was removed in the Chamber ofDeputies when the President waswarmly applouded by the membersand those gathered in the galleries.In a simple, straightforward manner he brought them to the realization that America was not dealingwith the past; that now is the timefor credits, and it proposed to extend them.The President, in the course of hisspeech, said he had in mind to suggest to Congress to elevate the legation at Brussels to an Embassy andthe post of Minister to Ambassador.More than once the President, andeven Mrs. Wilson, were obliged tobow acknowledgments when references were made to them.The audience appeared more curious than anything else when thePresident began to speak, and thefirst applause was perhaps somewhatperfunctory. But as he proceededand as he made plain that the Belgians were not regarded as objectsof charity, appreciation reached aclimax, expressed in warm andhearty applause.At the conclusion of his addressthe whole chamber rose and gave thePresident an ovation. The guestswere conducted later through thehistoric rooms, including the Senatechamber, where the English nurse,Edith Cavell, was tried and sentenced by the Germans.PRESIDENT WILSON AND PARTYVISIT NOTABLES IN BELGIUM .ADINKIRKE, -BELGIUM, June 24.President and Mrs. Wilson andtheir party arrived here from Paris,France, at 8:45 o'clock Wednesdaymorning.They were met by King Albertand Queen Elizabeth of Belgium, andat 8:50 o'clock left by motor for atrip over the Gelgian front.Miss Margaret Wilson, daughter ofthe President; B. M. Baruch andGeneral W. W. Harts are membersof the party.The trip over the devasted regionpassed the Yser district and ended atZeebrugge. From that city a specialtrain took the party to Brussels. $When the train arrived at theQuartier Leopold station, Brussels, aregiment of infantry, with a band,rendered military honors. Mr. andMrs. Wilson went with the king andqueen to the Brussels palace close bypassing the American legation. Afterthe usual presentation of court dignitaries, the king and queen accompanied their guests to the Bellevue,Palace, which was President Wilson'sresidence during his stay in the city.Thursday's programme included amorning visit to several devastatedindustrial districts, luncheon at theAmerican legation and a receptionat the American colony. At 2:30o'clock there was a reception for Mr.Wilson in the House of Parliament,.where addresses were made. M?,Wilson's speech were translated intoFrench by Brand Whitlock, theAmerican minister. From the Parliament building, the party returned tothe royal palace, where Mr. Wilsonreceived the4 diplomatic corps. Thenfollowed Visits to Louvain and Nichlian, and the presentation ttf CardinalMerci'er. At 6 o'clock there was. areception in the Brussels crty hall,followed by a. gala dinner jat theRoyal palace. tMr. and .Mrs. Wilsonreturned to Paris 'on Friday ihorning.ARMY WORMS! DEVASTATE INDIANA FARM CROPS,ANDERSON, IND., June 24.Army worms destroyed or damaged10,000 acres of grain in MadisonCounty, H. S. Agster, county agricultural agent, said recently. Theloss, he said, will aggregate $250,000.Where rye and timothy fields wereattacked, the destruction was practically complete. Wheat is showingsome effects of the invasion and latecorn is being ruined on many farms.Vegetables, except beans, fall rapidly before the worms.Starting in the black soil alongstreams, the worms have carried theirattack into every part of the county.Farmers and townspeople are diggingtrenches around infested fields andfilling with crude oil. Spraying crudeoil was found to be' insufficient.It is thought the attack will havesubsided by the middle of next week,but Agster said it may continue toJuly 1.oSeek to Retain Youthfulness.As I approve a youth that has something of the old man in him, so I amno less phtoeed with an old man thathas something of the youth. He thatfollows this rule may be old in body,but hever can be-so in mind. Clfcero,Two souls with but a singlethought may merely demonstratethat misery loves company.LEGION FILESITS ARTICLESState Veterans' Body ReceivesCharter; Movement is Formally LaunchedLouisville, Ky., June 8 (Special)With the filing in this city of Articlesof Incorporation of The AmericanLegion of Kentucky, the first formalstep in the formation of a great association of veterans of the world warIn this state was taken. At the sametime, Judge Henry DeHaven Moorman, Temporary Commander, following a meeting of the State ExecutiveCommittee, announces that Kentuckyhas received its charier from the National Executive Committee of TheAmerican Legion and that the statebody is now in a position to receiveapplications and to issue charters tolocal posts whenever they are formed.Reports received by State AdjutantD. A. Sachs indicate that applications.shortly will be received from variouscounties ill which veterans are anxious to become charter members ofthe first posts organized. Enlistedmen are taking a lead in the organization work.As the various local organizations,formed at Commander Moorman's behest, are awaiting detailed information before actually forming posts,Judge Moorman announces that apamphlet, containing the Articles ofIncorporation, State Constitution andBy-Laws, and organization directionsgenerally, outlining all steps necessary and giving all available information of the Legion, Is now beingprepared and will be promptly" distributed to all district and county oiv'ganizers and veterans belonging to thetemporary organizations, or to anyother veterans on request. However,the formation of posts will not necessarily await this information, as anyfifteen veterans, eligible to membership under tlje contutlbTadopted atthe St. Louis National Caucus lastmonth, may band themselves togetherby signing the approved form andthereby apply to the Temporary Commander for a Charter, to be issuedunder special authority recefveiT yes-,terday from the National Commander.It is desired, according to leadershere, that sixty per cent of the members be former enlisted men.Filing of the Articles of Incorporation elicited much favorable commentIn tills part of the state, as the articles embody the broad statement ofpolicies embraced in the preamble tothe National Constitution. One of thestriking clauses in this preamble is"Jft-ftstey ,aDd Perpetuate a 100 percent Americanism," "a declarationwhich is backed up by the stirringaction taken at St. Louis when alleged I. W y. representaWveg narrowly escaped being' thrown bodilyfrom the convention hall. Another is"to make right the master of might."One of the incorporators is a formerBrigadier-Gen era, Koger D. Williams,of Lexington. Another is Moses L.Sosnin of Louisville, who was private and who, at the age of 37 volunteered, went to France and came homewith a wound stripe. All branches ofboth the military and naval serviceare represented among the incorporators and those associated with them,whether "they served at home orabroad. An Advisory Committee foreach Congressional District will hereafter be appointed by the Commander.The State Commander has expressed his purpose to .proceed slowlyRnd carefully in Its organization, andthis announcement reflects the Judgment of his advisers and associate.CATARRHAL DEAPNESS CANNOT"" . . . BE CUEE3)By Vocal application, as they cannotreach the diseased portion of the ear..There is only one way to curecatarrhal deafness, and that is by aconstitutional remedy. Catarrhal'deafness is caused by an inflamedcondition of the mucous lining of theEustachian Tube. When this tube isinflamed you have a rumbling soundor imperfect hearing, and when it isentirely closed, deafness is the result.Unless the inflammation can be reduced and this tube restored to itsnormal condition, hearing will bedestroyed forever. Many cases ofdeafness are caused by catarrh whichis an inflamed condition of the mucous surfaces. Hall's Catarrh Medicine acts through the blood on themucous surfaces of the system.We will give one hundred dollarsfor any case of Catarrh Deafness thatcannot be cured by Hall's CatarrhMedicine. Circulars free. All Druggists, 75 c.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.. (june-adv)oBANK FOR NURSES.Once niore Congress is asked togive relative military rank to allnurses who served in the war. It isessentially the same measure whichfailed last season. As this seems tobe a Congress favorably disposed tofeminine claims, there is not muchdoubt that the bill will pass, sinceit really amounts to paying compliments without cost.The nurses deserve their rank asmuch as physicians and other .noncombatants. It may seem to somea petty thing to ask for rank, but'that is of the very essence of military life. Stonewall Jackson insist1 ed that love of promotion was at thei basis of army efficiency. CertainlyI the nurses who worked so hardmany of whom died in the servicedeserve the baubles as much as men.Yeomanettes and marinettes re-The ImprovedMcCORMIClINDERThey are scarce and the dealers andjobbers are-'way behind with their orders.If you want the best, a McCORIVUCK, buyNOW while we have them.The Best Binder Twinein the WorlcLC. S. Bail GarageFourth and Pleasant Streets,Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4 West Fifh StreetxkISss. rWnA' '-,ifsw .tIfkf J 7- '"- - v "30 merits in laundry appliances-. - - J-.scT and expert helpers we are,x-&. -vsa' gThe Bourbon LaundryParis,joice in their uniforms and chevrons.The female mind is said to be especially fond of anything which denotes superiority. In reality theyare no more vain in this respect thanmen, but are franker in not tryingto conceal their vanity. Rant forthe nurses is deserved a-nd Congressmust needs comply with the request.oLAME BACK BELIEVED.For a lame back apply Chamberlain's Liniment twice a day and massage the muscles of the back over theseat of pain thoroughly at each application. (june-adv)!onItSouthern Optical Co.IncorporatedManufacturers of Perf ect-FittlngSPECTACLES ANDEYE CLASSESKryptoks Artificial EyesInvisible Bifocal Lena4th & Chestnut Sts.,LOUISVILLE, KY.WWW WWXCrR5r525r2A4AAAAAAAA.AWW WW1IIXIXfcimcciiPTinu'AIXIX' il n I 1 1 Hill I 1 illu n i i u i n u 1 1 u iiA With all the latest fnrmrove-j prepared to ao worK mie---. nor to none, and solicityour patronage.x:IIX:IX.,1jEaKentuckyA Special ShowingofNew Voiles;tfftandOrgandiesFor the Summer TradeALL THE NEWESTSHADES AND PATTERNSat50cthe yard.TWIN BROS.Department Store7th and Main Paris, Ky.OneDroporVaubIbam BaWld 4anaAMAjUlew droM in the VUIUjUdrinking water enres A TLHZand prevents white LnJL Uhdiarrhoea, cholera and other chickdiseases. One 60c bottle makes 11galloni of medicine. Pint bottle,price $1.20, makes 31 gallons. Atdrnggkta, or sent by mail postpaid,Boarbor Remedy Co., Lexington, KylammVTUESDAY, JUNE 24, 1919.LIFT OFF CORNS!THE BOUKBOK HEWS, PAEIS, EEIOTCKYPAGE SCTX5poesn't hurt a bit and costs'oalya few centsMagic! Just drop a little Freezoneon that touchy corn, instantly itstops aching, then you lift the cornoff with the fingers. Truly! No humhug! Try Freezone! Your druggist sellsa tiny bottle for a few cents, sufficient to rid your feet of every hardcom, coft corn, or corn between thetoes, and calluses, without one particle of pain, soreness or irritation.Freezone is the discovery of a notedCincinnati genius. (adv)oPROGRESS IN KENTUCKYThe Louisville Courier-Journal records progress in Kentucky. A recenteditorial says: "Approximately 20per cent of the counties in Kentuckyhave county engineers who are engineers by training, not by appointment merely. It has not beenlong since almost 100 per cent of thecounties of Kentucky ignored the importance of the engineer's work inbuilding roads."Numerous Tennessee counties dothe same thing, and the state seemsto have gone on record as believingthat road building is a job for politicians rather than a vork for trained engineers. Three highway commissioners have just been selected tospend Tennessee's road money. Oneof them is said to have had experience as a practical road builder. Theother two have political qualifica-1tions only. It will be a great thingfor the roads, and for the tax-payers,when the idea becomes general thatthe best men to build roads are themen who have made a study of roadbuilding. TO PREVENT BELCHING-n l " " " ' - wtmHKJ?$PHHHSSHs3BSins3i .n&srasxsa-wrcL?- r i i mi iwiii i i ' ti i i 'im in m n i intTZa -ti w'vftfBmBKBISSi I mr Sr 'mmmkmmwm IIIf JL RiflBHHi XHEUNtVERSAiAftIfiii51f4w B9 P piaEHf :fek ts: -v Jw W ' mm Mm Mm mm k MmSailliJItil ; Jku 16 BanR Row, Paris, Ky.MAEIE VAN GASTEL, BELGIAN WAR NURSE.I r- IIwtmsmmmmWmSmmmmmmmmkfmii aA thrilling story of the "InvaMon ofBelgium by the Huns," is that told byMiss Marie Van Gastel at the Chautauqua on the third night. Miss VanGastel is a beautiful Belgian girl,reared in the lap of luxury, a graduateof the University of Antwerp. Shesaw the bloody beginning of the greatwar when she volunteered as a nursein the Belgian Army, witnessed awfulatrocities, and retreated with herwounded when the brave Belgian Armywas driven back to the sea. Miss VanGastel wherever she has spoken inthe United States has made a sensation. During the Liberty Loan campaigns the big cities went wild overher. She is a wonderful speaker, us, ing perfect English.Make a regular habit of eatingslowly, masticate your food thoroughly, and you may have no furthertrouble. If you should, take one ofChamberlain's Tablets immediatelyafter supper.(june-adv)oGILBERT URGES RURAL SCHOOLOPENING AUGUST 1.County School Superintendents areoeing urged by V. O. Gilbert, Superintendent of Public Instruction, topostpone the opening of the ruralschools until August 1. This requestis the result of the court knockingout the text book adoption. Gilbertwants the rural schools to wait untilthe new adoption is made.County School Superintendent L.D. Stucker, of Franklin county, saidbooks or no books the rural schoolsof this county would open July 7.Rural school children, he said, havelittle chance of attending school after bad weather sets in and if theopening of the schools is delayed until August the term would extendinto cold weather.CHIEF JUSTICE JOHN D. CARROLLDemocratic Candidate ForGOVERNORHe Can Win in November.(june20-5t)Daily Deliveries Are MadeByTRACTION EXPRESSKy.Traction & TerminalCo.DR. E. E. VIOLETTE.As pastor of the largest church ofhis denomination in the world, as Director of the Speakers' Bureau of theTenth Federal District in the LibertyLoan campaigns, as world traveler, asViolette has gained an enviable reputation. He comes to the Chautauquathis year to give his great lecture,"The Sunset Trail." It is a masterpiece of oratory, rhetoric, and brilliantimagery. Doctor Violette speaks onorator, author and lecturer, Dr. E. E. the fifth night.INTERUBBA2T SCHEDULECARSIiexington For, ParisA. M. 6.0 OxA. M. 7:20A. M. 8:50A. M. 10:20-A-. M. 11.50P. M. 1:20P. M. 2:50?. M. 4:20P. M. 6:00p- M. 7:20P. M. 9:10P. M. 11:00LEAVEA.A. M.Paris EorLerinertnM. 6:457:15x8:159:45M.M.A.A.A. M. 11:15P. M. 12:45C "' "" " "UivH4 i L f iff nfBSntmlmmW:Bf&xm&gMtmMSm MmmWSlmm m '-'Emm--'Mm$MMmSmm v i WmmWr - - BJm m$MMM 'KVMHmwiaKaMirMVGET READY NOW EOR A LABORSHORTAGE.We venture the prediction that before next year the labor shortage willbe so great that business men andfarmers will be scrambling for men.To meet this condition labor-savingmachinery should be brought into useeverywhere and as rapidly as possible. Household work can be greatlylessened by modern equipment.Work on the farm and in the factorystill offers an almost limitless fieldfor labor-saving equipment to supplan r supplement muscle power.EvBry manufacturer should asquickly as possible so improve hisplant, and when necessary so equipit with labor-saving devices of everykind as to be ready to meet the certainty of a great labor shortage.With an enormous wheat crop assured, at high prices for the farmer;with general improvement in all agricultural conditions; with highwaywork getting under way on a verylarge scale; with, a marked revival ofgeneral construction and but littleimmigration, the labor situation willsoon become acute.The wise man will be the one whonow lays out his entire campaign toutilize to the fullest extent everylabor-saving machine available forhis factory, his farm or his home.THE DOCTOR AWAY EROM HOMEWHEN MOST NEEDEDP. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.2:153:455:156:508:15P. M. 10:05(x) Daily, except Sunday.BALDY STRANG.B-IJy Strang is called the "American Harry Lauder," and rivals him inability and popularity. Scotch r.'ories,the favorite Scotch songs, the Highland bagpipes, fun and comedy are hisi onaniolfv TTo tc Tnncfr nMv onnnnrtoilKENTUCKY TRACTION AND TER-'bv a fine comnanv'of entertainers.MNAL COMPANYmusicians, and singers; fifth day.A. F. ADAMS, Harp Soloist.The Baldy Strang Company of Entertainers includes an Italian HarpSoloist, Mr. A. F. Adams, of whichbeautiful but difficult instrument heis a recognized master.The Strang Company has the reputation of being the best four-personcombination on Chautauquas. It includes a noted Scotch comedian, singers, musicians and entertainers. Theyare to be here for the fifth day ofChautauqua. . sPeople are often very much disappointed to find that their physicianis away from home when they mostneed his services. Diseases like painin the stomach are bowels, colic anddiarrhoea require prompt traetmentand have in many instances provenfatal before medicine could be procured or a physician summoned. Theright way is to keep at hand a bottleof Chamberlain's Colic and DiarrhoeaRemedy. No physician can prescribea better medicine for these diseases.By having it in the house you escapemuch pain and suffering and all risk.Buy it now; it may save life.(june-adv)oBUTCHERS BLAME CONSUMERSFOR HIGH PRICE OP MEATA statement blaming consumers inpart for the high cost of meat hasbeen issued by the Retail Meat Dealers of the United States."Two large groups of the population are holding back on their consumption of meat," the statementsaid. "One group is composed of thepersons who in normal times treatthemselves to the best quality ofpork, beef and mutton. This groupis still continuing its reduced consumption of beef, althouh the necessity for conservation of it no longerexists."Another large group is buyingthose sorts of beef which can becooked quickly and easily."Everybody is neglecting lamb andmutton."The people do not seem to realizethat beef had dropped materiallyand is now cheaper than any othermeat.A MAN AND HIS WIFEmay both derive satisfaction1 by having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost i3 nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, in'conjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a great. ving, must surely satisfy you.J A phone brings us.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 Home Phone 169Agg jfe!-B-ygggg;;!..'HliBCHRONIC CONSTIPATIONPerhaps you have never thought ofit, but this disorder is due to a lackof moisture in the residual of thefood. If you will drink an abundanceof water, eat raw fruits and take lotsof outdoor exercises, you may be ableeventually to overcome it entirely.In the meantime use the most mildand gentle laxatives. Strong andharsh cathartics take too mucli waterout of the system and make a badmatter worse. Chamberlain's Tabletsare easy and pleasant to take, andmost agreeable in effect. Give tkem.a trial.(june-adv)maUNITED STATES RAILROAD ADMINISTRATIONDirector Genera! of Railroads.Commencing Jane 15th AdditionalSUNDAY TRAIN SERVICEWill Be Operated as FollowsKENTUCKY DIVISIONNorthbound Southbound5:00 am Lv. Stanford Arr 12:45 pm6:38am : " Richmond " 1100 pm7:27 am "Winchester " 1015 pm8-20am " paris 9:30pm8:40 am Arr.Cynthiana Lv- 8:55 pm9:25am " Falmouth " 7:59pm10:50am '... " Cincinnati " 6:50 pmMAYSVILLE BRANCHSouthbound ' . Northbound6:00 am Lv. Maysville Ar n:25 pmLv 9:30 pm8:00 am Ar. ParisX,LEXINGTON BRANCHEastbound7:30 am Lv. Lexington Ar8:10 am .....Ar. Paris LvWestbound10:15 pm9;38pmWtiMfct -mnnsMisBanxmmr-&aie investmentsYielding from4lo to 7foWriti ftrtw Jon lirutwut listJAMES C.WILLS0N& CO.210 S. Fifth St., LIIISYILLE, KY.Professional Cards.DR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and ThroatBOOHS 403-404FIEST ITAT'L BANK BUHDINCPHONE 136WM, GRANNANAttorney-at-Law rBOOKS 401-408HBST NAT'L BAHX BUIIOTral'-"i y r-5WL&E EIGHTTHE BOUEBON' HEWS, PABIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, JUNE 24, 1919.THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMOADMISSIONAdults Ticket, 27c; War Tax 3c-30cChildren Ticket 9c; War Tax 1 c 1 0cTO-DAY, TUESDAYi -Bryant Washburnin "POOR BOOB"The predicaments and "scrapes" that "Simp" got into willkeep you rooking: with laughter. And the one at the climaxhy, you won't know whether to laugh or shout, it's so funny' and thrilling. Come to see "Poor Boob."William Duncan,n theEpSiSho, "The Man of Might"and Harold Lloyd ComedyTO-MORROW, WEDNESDAYBillie Burkein "Good Gracious, Annabelle"You would never have thought she was married. In fact,she didn't know it herself until But finding out is the mostthrilling thing you ever saw. See for yourself.Big V Comedy, "Fares and Fair Ones"and Bray PictographTHURSDAY, JUNE 26th, Ladies' DayNorma Talmadgein "THE NEW MOON"A story of Russia. The old moon looked down on a scene ofmisery and despair, but "The New Moon" saw happiness andlove.Arbuckle Comedy, "Fatty's Busy Day"Nnf A Two ladies will be admitted for?& ,ir&,9 fiua iwu lll wctr ieX)on Thursday of each week,JAZZ ORCHESTRABrewer's Musical EntertainersSinging and Playing Afternoon and Evening.JAZZ ORCHESTRAMILLERSBURGMaple Syrup at Caldwell's. Calland inspect.Col. W. M. Layson continuesamout the same.Mrs. Thomas JTarris attended-the burial of her cousin, Mr. VernonyV. Smart, at Carlisle.Mrs. George W. Johnson, whohas been very ill at a Lexington hospital, is greatly improved.Mrs. E. T. Harding, of Ewing,.will arrive Wednesday as the guestof her aunt, Mrs. R. L. Wilson.Misses Mildred Bruce and AeltaWilson left Monday to attend theTeachers' Association at Louisville.Misses Hazel Kerr, Nancy Whaley and Mildred Bruce have been reelected as teachers in the MillersburgCity School.Mr. and Mrs. Tackett, of Owingsville, are visiting their daughters,Mrs. J. Markland and Mrs. T. Stone,in this city.-Mrs. J. A. Butler and daughter,Mi MacLona Butler, will leave."WeOiiesday for an extended visit toMrs. Priest Kemper, at Gonzola, Tex.Mrs. Meffert Miller, who hasbeen visiting her mother, Mrs. SarahThome, has gone to New York tojoin her husband, who is stationedthere. .. -.inThe protracted meeting" at thePaptist church closed Friday evening. It had been in progress abouttwo weeks. Rev. Boozer preachedgood sermons and made a number offriends while in our midst, who regret his departure from us, and wishiim pronounced success wherever hegoes. He is a young man with abright future before him. He leftSaturday for his home in. Alabama,I oDEATHS.PRICE.News was received in this cityFriday of the sudden death in Cincinnati of Mr. Samuel Price, agedabout sixty-five years, prominent inbusiness circles of the Queen City,and a former resident of Paris, ofwhich city he was a native.Mr. Price was a brother of Mr. LeePrice, of Paris, and a cousin of Mr.I. L. Price, of the clothing firm ofPrice & Co. He was a son of the lateMr. John S. Price, who for manyyears conducted a clothing businessin this city. Mr. Price was in Parisabout four weeks ago on a visit torelatives. He is survived by onedaughter, Mrs. Lillian Mandelson, ofCincinnati, with whom he had madehis home in late years. Before hisretirement from active business, Mr.Price was engaged in the manufacture of boys clothing..- TEE RAILROAD BULLETINTHE NEWS has received a copy ofThe Railway Bulletin, issued at Louisville5 by the United States RailwayAdministration, as represented by theLouisville & Nashville and otherroads entering there. The Bulletinis full of newsy notes concerning thedoings in railway circles, and is avery creditable publication. Thepublication is issued under the supervision of Mr. W. L. Mapother,Federal Manager of Railroads at Louisville. In the initial publicationThe Bulletin says:"Here we present to our readersthe initial issue of the United StatesRailroad Administration Bulletin,covering the lines within the jurisUctioa of Federal Manager Mapoilier; "The purpose of this publicationis to make up better acquaintedamong ourselves to furnish news ofa personal or general nature withinour own. organizations and to carryinformation regarding the railroadindustry as a whole, including official information from the Central Administration in Washington."These columns will not be opento propaganda of , any sort. The character of the matter carried in thisissue will indicate in a general waythat of the issues which are to follow, excepting that we expect to seethe news section grow."In order to launch the initialissue this month, the Federal Managers were obliged to assemble andprepare their "copy" within a fewdays. Consequently it was necessaryto use almost entirely informationimmediately availiable at headquarters-and the first Bulletin does notcarry the wide variety of local itemswhich will be found in future numbers The purpose is to have something of interest from along each lineunder Mr. Mapother's jurisdiction."SHELBY COITNTY PEOPLE INJJOESE NEW ELECTRIC LINEThe Shelbyville Business Men's Association and many farmers in Shelbycounty are behind the proposedFratfkfort-Shelbyville interurban to aman. The line would connect Louisville and Lexington.At the annual meeting of the Association the members, by a rising vote,adopted resolutions pledging themselves to do everything that may benecessary to assure completion of thenew line.Jeff Riner, Pryor Beard, WarrenVanatta and Ernest Blythe were appointed to lay the promoters' stockplans before the sixty-five landowners -B-hose property fronts on the propose right of way. and to reportways and means of placing the $35,00 of stock asked of Shelby county.The Association also indorsed aplan for ? farm bureau and plansfor a $39,000 hosoital suggestion asa memorial to Shelby county soldiers.MITCHELL.Af ter an illness of several weeks,resulting from stomach trouble, MissBelle Mitchell, aged sixty-nine, diedat her home on Pleasant street,about six o'clock Sunday evening.Miss Mitchell was a daughter ofthe late Mr. James Mitchell, of Bourbon county, her ntother being Mrs.Lucinda Adair Mitchell, a native ofthis county. She was a sister of Mr.Thos. W. Mitchell, for years a member of the firm of Mitchell, Baker &Smith, of Lexington, and Mrs. Georgia Mitchell Keller, both of whompreceded her to the grave severalyears ago. She js survived by onesister, Mrs. L. C. Miller, and twoMATRIMONIAL.4A marriage license was issuedSaturday from the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton to Mr. LewisBrannock, of Georgetown, and MissPearl Plummer, of Bourbon county.SETTLES WILSON.When Mr. Sparks Wilson, of NorthMiddletown, went to Omaha, Nebraska, a short time ago, telling the"home folks" that he was going on avisit for a few weeks, he gave no intimation of his intention of bringingback with him a charming bride, aformer Bourbon county girl. Butthere is no limit to the curious capersthat Dan Cupid cuts, and Mr. Wilsoncame home on a surprise visit bringing with him his bride.While in Omaha, Mr. Wilson married Miss Frances Settle, daughter ofthe late Mr. Edward Settle, of Paris,who was for many years engaged inthe carriage manufacturing business,succeeding Mr. John W. Holliday atthe latter's old stand. Mr. Settle andfamily resided near North Middletown for several years before comingto Paris. The bride is one of themost charming products of the Bluegrass region, and is a young womanof many graces of character. Duringher residence in Paris she made ahost of friends, who wish her the happiest married life that can come toanyone.STRODE SUTHERLAND.The marriage of Miss FrancesStrode, of Winchester, and Mr. ClaySutherland! of Paris, will be solemnized at five o'clock to-morrow afternnnti. Wednesdav. June 24. at theI nieces, all residing in Cleveland, O. ! First Baptist church, in Winchester.Miss Mitchell was a lifelong member! The bridesmaids win be Misses Jiiiizaof the Presbyterian church. j beth Crutcher, of Paris, Annette Cole,The funeral will be held at the res- Helen Fox and Louise Haggard, ofidence, on Pleasant street at 2:30 Winchester. Mrs. Cecil Haggard, ofo'clock this (Tuesday) afternoon, Winchester, will be the matron ofwith services conducted by Rev. , honor. Mr. Phelps Renick, of WinMorton, pastor of the Millersburg Chester, the groom's only first cousin,Presbyterian church. The burial will be "best man," The groomsmenwill follow on the family lot in the will be Mr. Stanley Dickson and Mr,Paris Cemetery. .William Collins, of North Middle-The pall-bearers will be Charles B. town, and Hugh McDonald ana jamebMitchell, Wallace B. Mitchell, Dr. J.T. Vansant, Clarence M. Thomas,Allen, both of Winchester.A number of pre-nupital socialCharles W. Fithian and Earl Shrop- events have marked the approach ofshire. I the happy event. A charming infor-o Imal affair was given by Miss HelenFox, at the home of her sister, Mrs.CARD OF THANKS. Harry Tanner, in Winchester, inI honor of the bride-elect. A daintyWe wish to thank our many luncheon was served, and the honorfriends for their kindnesses shown ' guest was showered with attractivein the illness and death of our be- presents. On Friday night an ejoya-loved son, Charles Smith. ble river party was given by theCATHERINE AND HAYWOOD River Club, of Winchester, in honorSMITH. of Miss Strode and Mr. Sutherland.o The attractive club house was pret-tily decorated for the occasion, andBUT ONE REVENUE DISTRICT IN much of the time was spent indoors,STATE AFTER FIRST. ! on account of the downpour of rain.The young people enjoyed dancing" and swimming, and during the even-There will be but one revenue dis- fng a delightful picnic dinner wastrict in Kentucky soon after July 1,it is asserted by those in a positionto know and its headquarters will bein Louisville.Elwood Hamilton, present collectorin the Seventh District, will, it isstated, be the collector. The twoSenators from Kentucky and some ofthe Congressmen have made at leasta perfunctory effort to have the Statedivided into two districts, but it issaid that the order for the consolidation of the Kentucky districts intoone, with headquarters in the Federal building in Louisville, has already been decided upon.It is said that Commissioner Roperoffered Mr. Hamilton the post ofsupervisor of collectors' offices at $6,000 a year, which would have leftthe way open for the appointment ofCharles J. Cronan, of Louisville, asrevenue collector for Kentucky, butMr. Hamilton declined the offer, it issaid, and will continue in the officeof collector at $6,000.The revenue agent's office in eachdistrict will be abolished and a chieffield officer under the direction of thecollector wil have charge of all fieldwork at a salary of $4,500 a year,the amount now paid to collectors.oCENTRAL KENTUCKY MILLERS'ASSOCIATION ELECTOFFICERS.At the annual meeting of the Central Kentucky Millers' Associationheld in Lexington, officers wereelected as follows: W. B. McKinney, Stanford, President; NelsonWolcott, Lexington, Vice President,and John D. Allen, Lexington, Secretary-Treasurer.The followingwere named on the Executive Committee: J. W. Morrison, Lexington,Chairman; B. M. Renich, Paris; M.T. McEldowney, Winchester; William, Anderson, Danville; Allen Zaring Richmond.served.The guests were for the most partWinchester people, but among thosepresent besides Mr. Sutherland wasMr. Will S. Arnsparger, of Paris.oBIRTHS.RED CROSS TO DISTRIBUTEGAUZE TO HOSPITALS.The American Red Cross is aboutto distribute to the hospitals of theUnited States aproximately 25,000,000 yards of gauze, such distributionbeing based upon data" procured andrecommendations made by the American Hospital Association. Inquirieshave already been received from various hospitals as to this possibilityof utilizing the services of Red Crossworkers in making up this materialinto surgical dressings. Assistingthe civil hospitals of the country inthis manner is thoroughly in accordwith the present policies of the RedCross."Chapters will be urged," says areport from Lake Division headquarters of the American Red Cross, "tovolunteer the services of their workers to local hospitals in making upmaterials supplied by such hospitalsinto the surgical dressings, hospitalgarments or hospital supplies."By thus offering to hospitals theservice of Red Cross workers thevalue of the contribution to be madewill be greatly increased and the RedCross will effectively demonstrate itsappreciation of co-operation givenduring the stress of war."These recommendations maderecently in a letter from F. C. Monroe, General Manager of the Americon Cross at Washington, D. C, willanswer the questions which havebeen asked from time to time as towhat the Red Cross is doing with thismaterial not in use at the time of thesigning of the armistice.After trying for nearly five years,the Germans are in Paris at last.But they aren't boasting about it.MUSIC TEACHERS TO MEET INLOUISVILLE.A convention of the KentuckyMusic Teachers' Association will beheld at Louisville this week on Wednesday-andThursday.Miss Anna Chandler Goff is thePresident of the Association and willgo to Louisville to be in the chairat the formal sessions which are tobe at the Louisville Public Library.Mr. Charles N. Boyd, President ofthe National Association of MusicTeachers, is expected to be presentand a luncheon is planned in hishonor on Wednesday.Mr. Georges Vigneti, Mr. Albertd'Scheu Habberstro, Miss MyrtleCritchfield, of the Lexington Collegeof Music, are all mentioned as beingon the program, and Dr. McVey,President of the University of Kentucky, will give an address before theconvention on Thursday morning.CUT THOSE WEEDS!Is that weed patch yours? Cutthem down. The city is just as responsible as a private owner, andshould not overlook an opportunityto set an example for others to follow. Some vegetable matter may bepretty and pleasing to the eye, andyet be a menace to the health of thecommunity.The Board of Health will enforcethe ordinance regarding the cuttingof weeds in the city. They must becut within five days from date of thisnotice.A. H. KELLER,City Health Officer.Paris, Ky., June 17, 1919.(17-3t)MASONIC HOME CAMPAIGN ATTRACTING GREAT INTERESTThe reports from all over Kentucky to G. Allison Holland, chairman of the million dollar drive forthe Masonic Widows and Orphans'Home, Indicate the liveliest interestin the movement. People are writing constantly to headquarters inLexington to obtain information inregard to it, and the mail is growinglarger each day. Substantial contributions have been sent from theBourbon county lodges, with an assurance of more to follow.Larger numbers of applications foradmission to Masonic lodges are being received than ever before in thehistory of the order in Kentucky.Since the close of the war there hasbeen unprecedented interest manifested in Masonic circles.PEOPLE GATHERED HAIL ANDFROZE ICE CSEAM.A terrific hail storm in the BigWhite Oak neighborhood near Greenup, Ky., did damage to the growingcrops.The hail fell for nearly an hourand several people gathered it andmade ice cream practically aboutall they will derive from this spring'shard work. Corn and garden truckwere cut off to the ground, wheat andoats were beaten into the soft earth,pastures were ruined and young treeswere stripped of their limbs. Thestorm had a path about a mile wideand probably three miles in lengthand all growing stuff was killed in. itspath.Mr. and Mrs. Stanhope Wiedemann, of near Paris, are receivingcongratulations upon the new arrivaltn bear their name. A son was bornto Mrs. Wiedemann at the GoodSamaritan Hospital, in Lexington,Saturday.oTOBACCO GROWERS OF UNITEDSTATES TO MEET.Unusual interest is being manifested on the part of tobacco men inall sections of the United States inthe annual meeting of the TobaccoAssociation of the United States,which will be held at the Chamberlain Hotel, Old Point Comfort, Va.,June 26, 27, 28. T. M. Corrington,president of the association, and G.E. Webb, secretary and treasurer,both say the 1919 meeting will be inall respects the most interesting andby all odds the most valuable meeting ever held by the association.An attendance of at least 200 members is expected. The officers of theorganization are anxious for a largeattendance. The program will be interesting from start to finish. Thereis work for the association to do thataffects the entire industry.oNever again, after their experience with Federal control of wiresand Tailroads, will the people listento advocates of government ownership,-SummerJUNESALEFootwearAmazing Values in Stylish Footwear of SurpassingQuality.The people now more than ever before appreciate thefact that our system of merchandising brings to them theGREATEST BARGAIN OPPORTUNITY IN ALL SHOEDOM.Pumps, Oxfords and ColonialsWHITE FOOTWEARof Every Dell iif scription atSpe-ciai Low PricesfijpaisaSL "STiiWi'iisiswIff slre 4. -?fSavings Worthy of Your Immediate AttentionLadies' Dull Kid Pumps andOxfords atLadies' White Sea Island CanvasPumps atLadies' Dark Tan English Oxfords atLadies' Patent Kid Pumpsat$2.99$1.99$3.49$1.95Men's White Canvas Oxfords,Walk-Overs, atMen's Dark Tan English Oxfords,bench made, atMen's Gun Metal English Oxfords,:&&Walk-Over, atMen's and Boys' Black Shoes andOxfords at$3.49$5 00$3.50$1.99WALK-OVEROxfords and Pumpsof All DescriptionsAt Lowest Prices !- dhMisses' and Chilldren's Shoes, Slippers and BarefootSandals at Lowest PricesDAN COHENWhere Beauty and Economy ReignParis' Greatest Shoe Storem