v?v? 7 ,I NEWSI.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIVY IN THE YEAR.tVOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JANUARY 31, 1919THEBOURBONBOITEBON COUNT FARM BEINGSS525 AN ACRE.One of .the best land safes made inthe county in several years was putover yesterday, when. Mr. WalterClark, acting for the Phoenix MotorCo., of Lexington, sold to Mr. J. E.Kriegel, formerly of Shawhan, a tractof land located on the Bethlehempike, near Paris, containing twentyJour acres, for $525 an. acre, or atotal of ?12,600. The land is knownas the Holt property, the formerhome of Mr. and Mrs. Blanton Holt,who moved to Lexington some years"&o. There seems to he no longersuch a thing as saying anything is"dirt , cheap," t when the presentprices of real estate are taken intoconsideration.The Eals & Harney Real Estate'Agency, of Cynthiana, reports thefollowing sales of real estate madefor Bourbon county people: ForCrouch & McDaniel, of Bourboncounty, seventy-three acres of unimproved land, to Charles McDaniel, ofHarrison county. On Tuesday theyBold for Mr. Matt Lair, of Paris, hissplendid farm of 151 acres, known asthe A. S. Thompson farm, to C. D.Wagoner, of Harrison county, for?260 an acre.Through the Paris Realty Co.,Miller & Lilleston, of Paris, sold theirnew store room at the corner ofMain and Fifteenth streets, with resIdence attached, the purchaser being kaVe borne ourselves well and renilr. A. S. Wilson, of Red House, Mad- Uered what service we were able aslsoa county. Mr. wuson win moveto the property in a few waaks andwill open a grocery in the businesshouse. The price paid for the prop-erty was $7,000.Mr. Forrest B. Thomas purchasedyesterday from Mrs. Jas. H. Haggarda trame cottage on vine street, ior$1,250, cash. The cottage is welllocated and of modern design.oBASKET BALL GAME TO-NIGHTAT THEY. M. C. A.At the Y. M. C. A. to-night theboys' and girls' basket ball teams ofthe Paris High School and the Lexington High School will meet in adouble-header contest for honors.Both teams have been going strong,the Lexington team being especiallyso. Paris has not been far behind,and with several days of intensivepractice,, will be fit and fine to givethe lads and lassies from LexingtonHigh School a good, tipne.Play will be called promptly at7:30 p. m. With a good record behind them the Paris teams may counton a good attendance of their friendsand boosters.fFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSCLEARANCESALE: NOW GOING ONSpecial Prices OnSHEETSSHEETINGBLANKETSCOTTON BATTSFor Comforts4vExtra Special PricesSUITS' i COATS :v'; and DRESSESREMNANTS OF ALL KINDSFRANKLADIES' OUTFITTERSVLETTER TO PARIS MAN RECALLSROOSEVELT'S PROPHECY.Mr. James M. Russell, of Paris, recently received a letter from hisclassmate, Mr. George Bird Grinnell,of New York, in which he recalledthe prophetic words of former President Teddy Roosevelt. After telling Mr. Russell of his appreciation ofa fine box of Bourbon county tobaccosent hipn, Mr. Grinnell adds:"Since I wrote you last we havehad a good deal of sorrow and sadness in this familv ntiH fhe. tinlirtav !time has been a very grevious one. I The Mocked sale was resumed atMy sister and two of my nieces have i tlle Pans house Wednesday. Withbeen ill with pneumonia and influ- offerings considerably below theenza, and the husband of one of i standard of quality heretofore prethem, a splendid young Itallian offi-' Yf llinJ n Je market the housecer, who fought through the war disposed of 330,920 pounds of tobaccoand was several times wmmdnil anrl'for a average price Of $42.80. Aseveral times decorated for braveryin action, died on December 29Then, cn January 6 came the deathof former President Thodore Roosevelt, which seemed to me a nationalcalamity. I had known Mr. Roosevelt for jmany years and am deeplygrieved at his passing. He wrote mein a letter not very long long ago,"You and I and the rest of our generation are now getting within rangeof the rifle pits. We, all of us, haveto face the same fate a few yearsearlier or a few years later, and Ithink that what really matters is(tliat. nnervrdine- to our lisrhts we shalllong we could jo so.'"This is good doctrine, and oneI that he has always lived up to. TheJ trouble with most of us is that we'have every intention of rendering- good service, but pretty much put it0fp always until a more convenientseason. So we do not do it, either jfor our fellows or for ourselves."PRESIDENT NOMINATES JOTJETTSHOUSE TO TREASURY POST.President Wilson has cabled toWashington the nomination of JohnSkelton Williams, to succeed himself as Comptroller of the Currency,and Jouett Shouse, forpierly of Lexing, to fill the post of Assistant Secretary of the Treasury.Mr. Shouse will succeed Thos. B.Love, recently resigned and will have"charge of the Bureaus of InternalRevenue and the War Risk Insurance, the latter particularly beingnow in a chaotic condition. The position pays a salary of $5,000 a year.The nominations are expected tobe confirmed immediately.b& CO.THE TOBACCO MARKET.The Paris tobacco market ' continued on the upward trend Tuesday,with high prices prevailing at theNew Independent House and a blocked sale on at the Paris House. TheIndependent house sold a total of196,300 pounds for $94,735.34, afloor average of $48.22. The marketwas stronger than at any time thisseason, and the bidding was active.The weed was in splendid conditionand buyers were eager to get thegood ones.leature or tne nays sale was tneprices paid for tobacco of good;quality. Color and soundness counted, and this kind went under thehammer with prices paid as high asat any time during the season. Receipts were not so heavy, and thelong line of wagons that filled thedriveways were practically unloaded,and will be sold before the weekcloses. Wagons can now get in atany of the warehouses and furtherblocked sales are not anticipated.I Some of the best crop averages atWednesday's sale were reported asfollows:Wesselman & Clever, 1,720 pounds,.average $69.86.Fitzgerald & Rose, 2,190 pounds,average $48.14.Clever & Livingood, 5,305 pounds",'average -$51.83. tFerguson & Graves, 4,525 pounds,average $52.39.Meteer & Ginn, 1,755 pounds, average $45.07.Wilkerson & Curtis, 1,610 pounds,average $50.63.Soper & Wasson, 6,070 pounds, average $59.91.Cook & Oldham, 6,315 pounds, average $42.58.Jefferson & Humphries, 4,595pounds average $60.81. "Feeback & Livingood, 2,120pounds, average $45.16.S. M. Kerns, 940 pounds, average$42.49.T. W. Current, 3,655 pounds, average $41.41.Letton & Carter, 2,405 pounds, average $55.13.A M. Harney, 2,565 pounds, average $49.24.Dailev & Ryan, 6,030 pounds, average $58.96.Wilson & Cook, 2,765 pounds, average $58.06.Tom Wagoner & Co.. 1,340 pounds,fl.vfirfl.erft $4ft.4fi.Clay & McKenney,. 6,58(Upouhd!3ltJ-r - sZ. t Iaverage $46.41.Ardery & Brady, 2,585 pounds, average $54.41.Bedford & May, 5,845 pounds, average $41.35.Saunders & Hurst, 6,285 pounds,average $51.92.B. Steele, 1,910 pounds, average$59.Q. K. Jones, 1,385 pounds, average $41.65.Jones & Mann, 1,835 pounds, average $61.13.Mrs. Annie Hutchings & Vanhook, 1,170 pounds, average $58.61.Mrs. Annie Hutchings & Son, 1,880 pounds, average $43.35.Long & Fisher, 3,035 pounds, average $50.89.Clay & Shrout, 2,510 pounds, average $59.83.Wasson & Turner, 3,715 pounds,average $51.72.Catesby Woodford, Jr., 3,660pounds, average $40.26.Clay & Elam, 7,800 pounds, average $46.85.Meteer & Ginn, 2,655 pounds, average $47.80.Shanklin & -Green, 3,750 pounds,average $47.88.Wright & Mclntyre, 2,950 pounds,average $56.32.Dodge & Ritchie, 3,765 pounds, average $69.17.Collier & Jones, 2,035 pounds, average $50.89.Ardery & Overby, 1,940 pounds,average $60.62.Andrew Cay wood, 2,805 pounds,average $40.06.Dodge & Stoker, 4,465 pounds, average $61.21.Raymond Taylor, 2,095 pounds,average $49.13.J. H. Current & Howard, 2,845pounds, average $50.21.Thompson & Bramel, 3,510 pounds,average $47.11.Anderson & Letcher, 9,850 pounds,average $51.78.Moffltt & Hill, 3,145 pounds, average $48.93.Purdy & Rickey, 2,235 pounds, average $50.18.Burris & Jackson, 5,560 pounds,average $59T22.Woodford & Garrison, 2,135 pounds,average $48.21.J. B. Banta, 2,390 pounds, average$40.49.Clay & Elafli, 7,130 pounds, average $48.63.Brennan & Rankin, 2,135 pounds,average $54.25.Brennan & Saunders, 2,090 pounds,average $54.29.The Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCo. sold yesterday a total of 286,040pounds of tobacco for $128,531.96,an average of $44.93. The marketwas strong and active. A feature ofthe dav's sale was a basket in thecrop of Turney & Taylor, which sold"ok, $123.45. Tne company nas sumo date 5,005,270 pounds of tobaccor .;. AAA m -. nfr $Z,U20,0yu.D.ii, an avciagc ui40.87. Some of the best averagesyesterday were:C. K. Roseberry & Carmichael, 5,335 pounds, average $68.59.Clay & Roe, 9,115. pounds, average$$4,73.M. BvLovell & Son, 7,025 pounds,average $44.09. rNOW, WOULDN'T YOU LIKE TOBE A FARMER?It is no longer proper at least, inBourbon county, to speak of "poor,down-trodden farmer." Ten yearsago the farmer took the price thatwas offered him for his tobacco andfarm produce, and had very little tosay in the way of complaint. To-dayhe practically fixes his own price foreverything he raises, and thoseprices are of a kind that make himsmile. Ten years ago the farmer waslucky to wear jeans. To-day he hashis jeans full of money, owns auto-jmobiles, good clothes, and is rightahead of the procession on everything. When he wants to sell hisland he gets to-day from $300 to$400 an acre for it. Ten years agohe was lucky and very well satisfiedif he, disposed of a "parcel of land"for $i00 an acre. He used to thankhis lucky stars if he was successful ingetting ten cents a pound for his to:bacco. Chere was talk of tobaccomen becoming millionaires when theprice of the weed went up on thejmarkets to seventeen cents a pound.To-day the farmer revels in "velvet"when his tobacco brings from fiftyto seventy-five cents a pound.In 1917 Mr. B. W. Rash, of theNorth Middletown precinct, thiscounty, plowed up ten acres of oldsod land and planted it in tobacco.He realized for his crop a little over$6,000. In 1918 he again plantedthe same ground in tobacco and theproceeds of the crop sold on theParis market a few days ago for $8,000, netting him for the two yearson the ten acres a total of $14,000,or $1,400 an acre. Besides thisthere are still standing on the groundsixty-five large oak and ash trees,which are worth to-day what wouldhave been considered a small fortune ten years ago to the farmer.oTO-DAY AND SATURDAYAre the last two days of our preinventory clearance sale. Take advantage of them and buy your winter clothing.J. W. DAVIS & CO., Welsh Bros., 7,810 pounds, average $30.37.Hopkins & Allen, 2,775 pounds,average $41.07.Richard Green, 1,564 pounds, av-lerage $35.14. ,Wallis & Howard, 5,820 pounds,average $39.68.Patton & Hardwick. 3,430 pounds,average $30.60.Burke, Bient & Galhher, 2,550ppjunds, average J4JL.57.Judy & Manley, 4,650 pounds," average $38.33.Klump, Whitley & Gfimes, 2,745pounds, average $55.50.Caywood & Ritchie, 4,570 pounds,average $35.37.Soper & Hanley, 6,525 pounds, average $60.00.Buckner & Hutsell, 5,795 pounds,average $46.82.Wallis & True, 5,770 founds, average $34.74.Burke, Brent & Napier, 1,900pounds, average $62.65.McCord & Son, 900 pounds, average $34.65.Clay & Tobin, 2,300 pounds, average $60.75.Redmon & Wells, 11,600 pounds,average $42.40.Wagner & Brannock, 2,230 pounds,$59.56.Gay & Martin, 11,050 pounds, average $46.97.Parrish & Adams, 3,425 pounds,average $53.15.Bishop & Craycraft, 6,645 pounds,average $46.67.Craft & Bradburn, 5,280 pounds,average $44.44.T. J. Ryan, 790 pounds, average$57.50.Mclntyre & Lowe Bros., 5,205pounds, average $56.72.Allison & Berry, 2,625 pounds, averge $46.85.Mrs. Young Anderson, 1,930pounds, average $36.80.Frank Collins, 3,675 pounds, average $44.90.Collins & Henry, 2,580 pounds,average $38.10.Turney & Taylor, 4,770 pounds, average $43.12.Mann & Gay, 13,850 pounds, average $52.05.Henry Hall, 3,180 pounds, average $50.39.Bell & Galloway, 2,730 pounds,average $41.51.Gay & Roberson, 4,450 pounds, average $59.70.Meteer & Dryden, 4,160 pounds,average $43.22.Sijmms & Wilson, 4,320 pounds, average $40.10.Crouch & McClanahan,3,500pounds, average $34.77.Stewart & Snapp, 2,465 pounds,average $60.94.Marston & Layson,average $34.92.Stith & Utterback,yi53,410pounds,pounds.average $43.40.Bettis & Fisher, 7,325 pounds, average $59.31.McClintock & Collier Bros., 2,645pounds, average $33.53.Bedford & May, 5,555 pounds, average $64.68.S. S. & A. H. Oldson, 3,405 pounds,average $47.81.Courtland Leer, -195 pounds, average $74.25.Wesley Florence, 2,400 pounds, av-jerage $43.01.Crouch & Stull, 1,980 pounds, average $53.06.Clark & Son, 1,095 pounds, average $47.62.Dalzell & Knox, 2,890 pounds, average $42.09. ,Hedges & Wagnerr 3,455 poundsaverage $51.57. vr. Rash & Sosby, 3,325 pounds', average $50.12. " "IN THE SERVICE OF THEIRCOUNTRY.A telegrapi was received recentlyby Mr. Clyde Colliver, of Paris, fromhis brother, Capt Morton Colliver,announcing his safe arrival in NewYork from overseas, where he hasbeen in the service with the American Expeditionary Forces.Camp Knox, with its attached artillery range at Stithon, 20 milessouth of Louisville, will become apermanent military reservation, according to announcement made inLouisville. Camp Taylor has a capacity of about 42,000 men in barracks. Capt. William Collins telegraphedhis father, Mr. John T. Collins, inParis, announcing his safe arrival inNew York. Capt. Collins has beenoverseas for several months with theAmerican Expeditionary Forces. Hewill probably return to Paris nextweek, when his final discharge papershave been issued him?Private Albert Wachs, of Paris,cabled Mrs. S. M. Turpin that hewould likely reach the United Statesin a short time. He stated that hewas about to embark with a largedetachment of soldiers who had beenon overseas duty for a long time,and that he was very anxious to getback to Kentucky again.General March, Chief of Staff, informed the Senate Comjmittee thatshipping arrangements had beenmade by which 300,000 men mightbe transferred home monthly andthat all of the American expeditionary force could be returned home anddemobilized within six months.How many Ajmericans will be heldabroad in the army of occupation isto be determined by President Wilson, General March stated, blit moreAmericans already have been designated for return home than originally proposed by Marshal Foch.Corporal Sherman R. Snapp, whois now stationed at Camp Lewis,Washington, in the Personnel Officeat the Camp Headquarters, writesrelatives in Paris, that he will receive an honorable discharge fromthe service within the next twomonths. Corporal Snapp, who helda responsible position with the RoyalBaking Powder Company, of NewYork, before entering Uncle Sam'sAipny, said in his letter that theRoyal Company had recently writtenthe Commanding General at CampLewis, stating that "Mr. Snapp's oldposition was open and waiting forhim and requesting the" General tohasten his discharge." Mr. Snappbefore resuming his work inf WE KNOW HWWINTERHAS JUST BEGUNAnd to be comfortable and warm you muttthe right kind of clothes. Our Suit and Overcoatsyou will find to be excellent values for$30.00$35.00$40.00.All wool garments that will stand the wear and tearthat winter time weateer brings on clothing wornoutdoors.Protect Your FeetFrom Ice and SnowBy wearing Dr. Reed's Cushion Sole Shoes, madewhh an invisible cork sole that not only makesyour feet feel comfortable, but keeps the dampnessout and protects them from the cold.$9.00 PER PAIRNettleton Fine Shoes in winter weights, calfskins and kids, $12.00 per pair.MITCHELL &t'lbVS?lden State" of California willprobably visit his mother, Mrs. AlyceuPr, 1U jthj:is.Backfrom camn and fmm .pital where he spent several months,bergt. Vance Huffjman, former Parteb07' ,ls a guest of Paris friends andrelatives. Young Huffman, while atCP Shelby, Miss., was injuredwnen he was thrown underneath anarmy wagon and trampled by one ofthe horses. He was transferred tothe Base Hospital at Camp Sheridanwhere he remained several months ina critical condition, resulting from,his injuries. He has received ahonorable discharge from the service.Huffman is a son of Mr. and Mrs. W.J. Huffman, of Covington, formerlyof Paris, and isa brother of MrClyde Huffman, of the R. P. Walshstore. Private Mike Atlas, formerly ofParis, is in Germany, as a memberof the American army of occupation,according to advices received fromhim by Paris friends. Atlas writethat he was in Goblenz, Germanyy onDecember 13, and that he crossedthe Rhine on the same aftepabon, after first winding up "the watch onthe Rhine." He writes that Coblaazis a beautiful place, and a wonderfully fine summer resort. While &resident of Paris, Atlas was assistamtticket agent at the Tenth street passenger station of the Louisville &Nashville, and afterward was in asimilar position in the Grand Central Passenger Station in Cincinnati.Corp. J. Ford Fithian, sends THENEWS a clipping from "The Bayonet," the official camp paper published at Camp Lee, Va. The clippingis a poepn published under the nameof Dr. Jomes D. Hughes, Supt ofSchools of Education of the Schoolof Toronto, Canada, and is entitled"The Son."The poem appeared in a recentissue of The Bayonet, in which alsowas published an article regardingthe death of Maj.-Gen. Cronkhite'sson. Both saw service in Francwith the 84th Division, which wastrained at Camp Lee and of whichGen. Cronkhite was commanding officer. Just a week before his son'sdeath Gen. Cronkhite wrote to afriend at Camp Lee:"I know only too well that wordsmay not heal the heart wounds ofthose who have lost their offspring,for I may so readily place myself intheir places. But I know, likewise,that their loss is the result of aHigher Will, and that they havegiven their lives for those who areleft behind and for the greatestcause for which man's lifewas eveisacritflced." Corp. Fithian stated in his letterthat he believed he would get his discharge from the service in about aweek or so, and that he was lookingforward to a return to civil life witha great deal of satisfaction.(Continued on Page 8.)BLAKEMOREI- .NV-tt" s ---. &xrS'IImHSLOTTWOTHE BOUKBOH NEWS. PARIS. KENTUCKYEHE BOURBON NEWStottWisbea 188137 Years of Continuous PublicationIf there is any yelliner to be done.let's yell with th k$diesfand do ittts fwith a right royaandsJloyal tgoodwill. And smile for 'don't forgetthe days we, too, -were like' theseyoungsters!ogiMisned Every Tuesday and Rida WAR SAVINGS CERTIFICATESrr Year.. $2.00 -6 Months. .S 1.00 PAYAJBLE TO ORIGINALPayable In Adavance.WEFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.pMrl At the Paris, Kentucky,i Frtofflce as Mall Matter of theI SMoad Glass.)Any erroneous reflection upon thefckarnatei. standing or renntMnn nfMy person, firm or corporation which Jfiww ui uio columns 01 TimPQUfcBON NEWS will be gladly corNctodlf brought to attention of the(Hiter.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perI tpr first time; 50 cents per inchMwk "subsequent Insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineImkA Issue; reading notices In blackJtrc,r-20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candlPates, obituaries and resolutions, andpSsallarQiatter, 10 cents par line.fecial, rates for r Urge advertlM(sissitf and. yearly contracts.Ifee Tight of publisher Is resexvedto decline any advertisement or othersaattecoc publication.Annburicemenr.s for political offices)siat Invariably be accompanied byfk c4abEDITORIAL MUSINGS.Blue Law Homes.Just a few days ago the writer hadoccasion to calL at a home in Pariswhere "Verboten" seemed to meetone at every turn. Noise or lip oruay sort seemed to have been posi-One of the little kids had a newgame a 'present from "Santa Clausr"and the olaying of this game necessitated quite arbitof noise, which isa very natural thing with children.Am in order to play this game itwas necessary to have some noise inerder to get the full benefit of it.But it was "Jimmie, please be quiet,daddy;, is taking a- nap," and "Mary,don't jmake so much noise when youwalk .across the floor. Don't vonknow you are in the house and notOut in the woods?" And every timeone of the children made a slip intheir play they would turn scaredfaes toward their mother.Later on in the same day whenwe passed another home we heardkiddies' voices' full of laughter, andthrpugh the window we could see themother attempting to read, whiledaddy-:was down on the floor with atoy( gun shooting down the bravecardboard soldiers. What a contrastit presented can be imagined and almost felt!Out on South Main street, in theParis cemetery is a city of grassymounds, where all is silent, save forthomusic of the birds, whom evenwinter cannot drive from their musical pipings. When we walk throughtfepseavenues our voices are hushedas-though we feared to awake the silent sleepers. But .why should wemake .a tomb f our homes? Soonenough, alas, the little ones, and we,to-, will be wrapped in a never-endingsilence. So, while we may, let'smake the home an attractive placefor die kiddies. God bless 'em!Then they will want to spend theirplaytime there, and there will benospeculative and anxious wonderingo th lips of the parents, "Whereis my boy or my girl to-night ?'But if forced to speak in whisperstanA walk on tiptoes they are goingto long; .for more freedom. That isn't Iall, either. They will get more freedom. .And -you will wonder, andworry land scold, too.Let 'them play and yell and makeall theaoise theywant to. It's theirgood American birthright and theirgood red blood that will not be denied. When the noise threatens toraise the roof let's not yell at them.OWNERS.Instructions have been received byPostmaster J. Walter Payne from theSecretary of the Treasury advisingmm tnat war savings certificates arepayable only to the original owners;and that persons or concerns who areknown to be in the business of purchasing war savings stamps at lessthan market prices are to be refusedpayment for any stamps presented tothem for redemption.Postmaster Payne was instructedto advise purchasers of war savingsstamps not to dispose Of them to anyperson or concern. If they desire tosell their stamps' they are instructedto conform to the law which requiresthem to give notice to the Postmaster.. The following notice has beenissued by Secretary of the TreasuryCarter Glass: '"My attention has been directed tothe numerous offers made by unscrupulous persons, through advertisements and in other ways, to buy warsavings certificate stajmps, and as alesmt oi sucn oners, i am informedthat owners of such securities havesuffered material losses which couldhave been avoided by .redemption ofthe stamps at ttie postofflce, as required and -provided by law."In order that the interests of owners of war savings stamps of eitherseries may be safeguarded, I herebynotify all persons to refrain fromoffers to buy war savings stamps oraccept the same in trade."-Fostmaster Payne also stated thatthe Department had advised postmasters not to accept for shipment tomembers of the American "ETnerH-, I tionary Forces in France or in otherj parts of Europe packages containingmaicnes, cigar lighters, or solidifiedalcohol, including the preparationcalled Sterao, or canned heat. It isnot deemed safe to admit these articles to mails for foreign countriesor for United States naval vessels,including marines on shore in othercountries.oSOCIAL AND: PBJONAL.Comings and Goings -.of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.NAUSEALESS CALOMEL.IS BEST FOR THE FLUDoctors and Druggists Claim Calotabs, the Hausealess Calomel, IsBest Laxative for Golds, Grippeand Influenza.At the first sign, of a cold, is thetime to take a Calotab, the perfectednausealess calomel that has all theliver benefits left in and the stingtaken out. Doctors say that there isnothing like it to put your liver rightand keep your system in condition toresist and avoid colds, influenza andpneumonia.The best insurance against influenza and pneumonia is a good activeliver and your pnysician or druggist will tell you that Calotabs is themost thorough and effective, as wellas the safest and most agreeableremedy for this purpose.One Calotab at bed time with aswallow of water that's all. Nosalts, no nausea, nor the slightestinterference with your eating, pleasure, or work. Next morning youawake feeling fine with a heartv an-petite for breakfast. Your cold hasvanished and you are , ready forwork or play. Calotabs are sold bvdruggists everywhere in sealed nack-ages, price thirty-five cents. Yourmoney handed right back if you arenot delighted. (adv)oWhat Canals May Accomplish.It is possible that by the construction of canals we may yet see the daywhen there will be great fleets awayup in the country where once npon atime the highland clans held sway,where Rob Roy Macffreor raided forcattle and fought with the Clan Mac-.farlane, and where there is still theglamor that was thrown over it by the?enins of Sir -Walter .Scott Jt so, itwill be one of the most remarkabletransformations in the history of anycountry.. THE GIST OF IT."Last December I had a verv severe cold and was nearly down oickin bed. I bought two bottles ofChamberlain's Cough Remedy and itwas only a very few days until I wasrestored to health," writes O. J.Metcalfe, Weatherby, Mo. If youwould know the value of this remedy, ask any one who has used it.Obtainable everywhere.KIIRDAVIS & FUNK, Proprietors:. Telephone No. 4lI!IKIir oKr iiTTTiffifi irpsi - ;iBr- A ' '" - . fir JL!m "-i ijr sWest Fifh StreetSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!.With all the latest imnrnve-ments in laundry aDDliancesana expert neipers we are ait t i nilDrenarea r.o no woric mie-gjp rior to none, and solicitj juui pauuHaKe.I irhe Bourbon Laundr jrli Paris. Kentuckvla aIMr. M. H. H. Davis, of the Bourbon Steam Laundry, is confined to hishome with an attack of rheumatism.Mr. Frank P. Kiser, of the E. F.Spears & Son's forces, is ill at hishome on Houston avenue, threatenedwith pneumonia.Mrs. --Annie Layton Skillman,who recently sold her home on thCane Ridge pike, near Paris, hasmoved to her home in East Paris,wnere sne win reside in the future.The young ladies of the AmuseDancing Club, a newly-organized social club- of this city, will give adance in Varden's Hall, this .(Friday)evening, January 31. The hourswill be from 9:00 p. m. to 2:30 a.m . Music for the dancers will befurnished by a saxophone orchestra.During the intermission refreshmentswill be served by the young ladies.An admission of ?1 will be charged.Handsomely engraved invitations have been received in this cityby the friends and relatives of Mr.Frederick Alfred Wallis. of Paris andNew York, announcing an approaching event in New York. The invitations are worded as follows:"The pleasure of your, company isrequested at a banquet to be tendered to the Hon. Frederick AlfredI, Wallis, by the citizens of New YorkUity, New York, m recognition of hisservices as Fourth Deputy PoliceCommissioner, as. Chairman of FieldDay exercises and Chairman of theFourth Liberty Loan Campaign ofthe Police Department, to be givenon Tuesday, the fourth dav of February, nineteen hundred and nineteen,at seven ' o'clock, at the Waldorf-Astoria."The invitation was accompanied bya small leaflet containing a memorandum of the activities of Mr. Wallis, as compiled .by Mr. Stephen A.Rudd, of the New York Police Department, as follows:"Peputy Police Commissioner ofthe City of New York; Member Committee Federated Churches of America; Director Kentucky Society,New York; Member of Chamber ofCommerce, New York City; PresidentMen's Bible Class Fifth AvflniiPresbyterian Church; Chairman FieldDays Committee, nearly half milliondollars raised to purchase uniformsfor 13,000 Police Reserves; MemberMayor's Committee on National Defense; Treasurer Committee of Presbytery of New York for the care andbetterment of immigrant population;Elder .Fifth Avenue PresbyterianChurch; Chairman Liberty LoanCommittee, Police Department, Cityof New York, which sold ?147,500,000 of Fourth Loan; Member of Committee of Three sent to England tosecure the Rev. J. H. Jowett, D. D.;Financial Executive for the erectionof a permanent memorial in the Cityof New York to those who died forthe freedom of the world; MemberComjmittee Layman's MissionaryMovement of America; Senior member of the firm of Wallis & Co., Managers of New York and New Jersevof the Fidelity Mutual Life Insurance Company, of Philadelphia:Member Finance Committee of theWar Board of the PresbyterianChurch,. U. S. A.; Trustee Leaders'Club, Fidelity Life Insurance Co.;Vice-President Brotherhood of NewYork, three terms as President; Member of Executive Comjmittee, Presbyterian Union; Member of BankersClub of New York; Member NationalDemocratic Club; Chairman Committee John Hall Memorial, intitutional work for foreigners; Member'Advisory Committee Red Cross Campaign: Member the Broad wav Association of New York.""(Other Personals on. Page 5)Make Your Milk' DelireriesBY TRACTIONKy. Traction & Terminal Co.FRIDAY, JANUARY 31, 11S.Executors7 SaleOFHFurs and HidesWe pay .highest prices for iron,hides, junk and wool.MUNICH & WIDES & CO.,Eighth St., Paris, Ky.,Cumb. Phone 374.(23-tf)Dissolution Notice.The firm of Stone 5? Tarr has beenmutually dissolved, as of January 1,1919, Mr. Stone retiring and Mr.Tarr taking charge of the business.All parties owing firm are requestedto can and settle.24-3t.F) STONE & TARR.Valuable City Property, Bank Stockand Bonds.WANTEDWanted to buy second hand furniture, stoves, carpets and all kinds ofhoueshold. goods We pay cash.(24-3t) J. ELVOVE.Removal Notice.I have moved my office from thecourt house to fourth floor of FirstNational Bank' building.(3t-pd)- JOHN' J. WILLIAMS.FOR RENT.Store room, fronting on Mainstreet in Masonic Temple.Single room, second floor, runningwater, elevator acommodations, foroffice use or living apartment.0. T. BUTTON,Agt, Masonic Temple.Attention, Farmers!If you need anything in the wayof Saddles, Collars, Bridles, Etc., ,1have the best money can buy andmake, at reasonable' prices.If you want a watch, don't go to ablacksmith shop to buy it, and don'ttake your bourse to a jeweler to gethim shod; always go to a mechanicand you will sret the best poods andit won't cost any more than cheapgoods.(28-lmo k. KEIENER:The undersigned, as executors of the estate of Miss Annie Kelly itceased, will offer at public sale at the Court House door, in Paris, Ky., atabout the hour of 10:30 a. m onMonday, February 3, 1919,the following real estate, stocks and bonds: ?"'"KEAL ESTATEOne frame cottage on Higgins avenue, now occupied by George McWilliams. House contains 4 rooms, bath, electric lights, gas and water.House in first-class condition, having been recently painted and repaired.Good cistern, on the premises.(toe frame cottage on the south side of Seventh street, now occupiedby John E. McCarthy. House contains 4 rooms and bath, electric lights,gas and water. House in first-class condition, having been recently palmted and repaired.Inspection of the property invited at any time before day of sals.STOCKS AND BONDS3 shares Capital Stock Peoples-Deposit Bank & Trust Co5 shares L. & N. R. R. stock.1 2rI y (Court House) Bonds ?1,00T bonds.2 TJ. S. Liberty Bonds $1,000 bonds.1 U. S. War Savings Certificate.mS?3 8t0Ck wln be sold ln blocks of five shares.R T?cTlSto?ks Bonds, cash. Real estate, 1-3 cash, balance InauLlfWhChdQt6rl?d Stents, the purchaser' will h?62?rJSt S?mf aes, Payable to the said executors, with interest atLfL ? dte of sale to secure payment, of which a lien will beIng all cadi. premlses; or the Purchaser may have the privilege of y-' E. H. GOKET,.b. c paeeish;Executors of the Estate of Miss Annie KellyVDeceased.M. F. KENNEY, Auctioneer.(17-28-31)Cascarets Best 'Family LaxativeHarmless to keep liver, bowelsand stomach, clean, andcost only 20 centsIfBYPTOIfIV. GLASSES IITHE INVISIBLE BIFOCALSJallfeLet us examine your eyes,guess work we know how.Pitted byNoDr. Wm. Riley FranklinSuite 205-6 First National Bank,Both Phones. Paris, Ky.The Chanceof a Lifetime!Now is the time to buy a good, sound U. S. homeor mule for your farm at a reasonable price.Nine HundredHorses andTo be sold at the Kentucky State Fair Groundsin Louisville, Ky., on February 5 and 6, for cashto the highest bidder. 'The war js over and the Government ha& no further use forthese animals. They are sound, fat and in excellent condition:just the kind of horses or mules Uncle Sam uses. Everyanimal has been worked within the last two months.Sale will be held in closed pavilion. All necessaryhelp given by the Quartermaster in loading andbilling stock for shipment.Auxiliary Remount Depot No. 319, Louisville, Ky.Phone 174, TaylorTo-night sure! Take Cascaretsand enjoy the nicest, gentlest liverand bowel cleansing you ever experienced. Cascarets will liven yourliver and clean your thirty feet ofbowels without griping. You willwake up feeling grand. Your headwill be clear, breath right, tongueclean, stomach sweet. Get a 10-centbox at any drug store. Best cathartic for children as well as grown-ups.Taste like candy and never fail.They work while you sleep, (adv)NEW AIR TELEPHONE WILLWORK BOTH WAYS.Use of the radio telephone for twoway conversation between a personusing a line telephone and an aviatorin flight was officially demonstratedfor" the first time when Major General Kenley, Director of MilitarvAeronautics, seated before a desk-telephone in his office in the War Department, at Washington, and Lieutenant Lucas, in an airplane, flyingover Boiling Field, on "the outskirtsof the city, talked with each other.The radio telephone for one-way conversation in giving of orders has beenused by the army and navy to someextent for more than a year.. The demonstration involved theuse of a land line from the War Department to Boiling Field, wherethe radio system was installed. Theapparatus and circuits used weredesigned and installed by members ofthe radio branch of the air serviceunder supervision of Colonel C CCulver.By" use of the land line officialssaid it would be a mere matter ofdetail for a person in an office in'1 'LET THE - I. . . "FORDSON" ;I I DO YOUR WORK - JI Why not increase the efficiencyon your farm with a rTordsonTractor? f.: Let "r regular Tractor man Ucieronstrate the fordson to you. tjl; Ruggles Motor Co. .'Bank Row, Paris, Ky. H .Washington to, talk with an aviator.iXbr:; aoeat a :over a an urancisco.nW-'C&.rf j.SitFRIDAY, JANUARY 31, 119.TSE BOU1B0X IEWS, PAHS, XEHOTCKTHjilLETTERS FROM BOURBON COUNTYSOLDIERS AND SAILORSfiiivvProm far-off Gerpnany, wheremaay Kentuckians are temporarilydetained in the service of Uncle Sam,1n the American Army of Occupation, comes the following letter fromJimmie (Tobe) Ellis. Young Ellis"was reported as having been killedin action in the same battle whichsnuffed out the life of another Parisboy, Jimmie Cain. A copy of theStars and Stripes, the official publication of the American Expeditionary Forces in France, was receivedby a business man in this city, having on its margin a pencilled notation to the effect that Jimmie Cainand Tobe Ellis had both been killedin battle. There was nothing to indicate the identity of the sender.Jimmie Cain's death was reportedlater, but Elis' letter to his auntdisclaimed any intention of passingover the Great Divide. The letterfollows:"Germany, Dec. 16, 1918."Dear Aunty: I guess you hadbegun to think I wasn't in the landof the living, but the fact is that Ihaven't had a chance to write for along time. "We have been marchingfor the last three weeks, but are atthe end of our journey .now. "We areon the River Rhine, at. Honningen,not far from Coblenz. We crossedthe River Rhine on Friday, December 13, after marching fropn Franceacross Belgium, Louxembourg, andacross Germany to the Rhine."I saw lots of pretty scenery andsome of the old ruined castles on theRhine. They raise lots of grapes inthe valley of the Rhine. Everythingis awfully high. The people couldn'thave stood the war much longer."An old German told me yesterdaythat the people of Germany were going to have 'a president in January,and that Germany was destined toeventually become a republic, as soonas the people could get it into theirbrains that there was no such thingas the divine rights of kings. Healso told me that Germany had losttwo pnillion of men killed on the bat-,tlefields and in other ways, and thatreliable figures showed that a totalof over two and one-half millionsof men had been wounded and putpractically out of commission in theservice between the ages of seven-jteen and forty-nine. ,. "Have you heard from Witt lately?I guess he will be home soon or atleast long before I am, but I hope tobe home in a few months anyway."We are in good barracks, withbaths and electric lights. It isquite a change for us after livingon the battlefront in the trenchesfor seven months. I have been inall the big battles and in the bigdrives the American ExpeditionaryForces have made since the battle ofChateau-Thierry, and came throughsafe and sound. But there were lotsof tmes when I thought my time hadcome to die, and when I thought mynext step would probably be mylast."Well, there is so very little totell -now that I will have to slose.-Please write and tell me all the"news. You can't realize how mucha long newsy letter is appreciated by a fellow away from homelike I am. With love, I am"Your Loving Nephew,"JIMMIE."Private James A. Ellis,"Battery B, 12th Field Artillery,"Ajnerican Expeditionary Forces."" li. an. interview! Trith CorneliusK&uddie) James, 'of Paris, Mr. Robt.S. Porter, local correspondent of theLouisville Courier-Journal and. theLexington Daily 'Leader, gleanedfrom -the Intrepid -young Parisianths following facfe relative to thesinking of the U. S. transport Covington, on which Japies was a member of the gun crew:'Cornelius (Buddy) James, son ofMrs. Mollie James, of Paris, who recently visited his mother while enjoying a short furlough, was on theU. S. S. Covington at the time it wastorpedoed and sunk by a Germansubmarine on July 2, 1918.It was on the return trip of theboat to the United States, being usedas a transport, when it met its fate.Young James, who is only 19 yearsof age, joined the navy shortly afterthe United States entered the war,and a few, weeks after enlisting wasassigned to the Covington, on whichhe was a member of one of the guncrews, acting in the capacity of gunpointer.In a letter received by his mothera few days ago from the captain ofthe gun crew he stated that "Buddie" was the most expert gun pointerin the entire convoy, and that everyone felt safe when he was at the gun.Young James gives the following' very interesting story of thetorpedoing and sinking of the Covington :"The U. S. S. Covington left herberth at Hoboken, N. J., on June 5,1918, on what was destined to be herlast trip. She was laden with about4,500 doughboys bound for the portof Brest, in France. They were ajolly lot, typical American boys everyone, eager to get into action and withlittle regard or care for the dangersthey were entering into."This was the sixth trip of theCovington, and why it was I cannotsay, but I do not believe there wasa single member of the crew that didnot have a feeling that it would beher last trip. No one could explainwhy he felt that way, but everyoneseemed to be of the same mind onthat point. We all felt it to be almosta certainty that she would follow thefate of the President Lincoln, whichwas torpedoed and sunk just onemonth and a day before we were.of July 2. We circled around her allnight, dropping depth charges at intervals of thirty minutes. This wasdone in case a 'sub' should happenalong and we didn't see him. Thenext morning at 6 o'clock the tugscame and took the old ship ia tow inan effort to get her into port, but theold boat could not stand the gaff, andwent down after being towed nftyfive miles. As she disappeared beneath the waves every man of us removed our caps and made a vow tofight it out to ' the end until theKaiser and his disreputable familyand co-criminals were wiped from theface of the earth. None of our crewwill ever feel entirely satisfied untilthey are tried and executed for themurder of our six brave boys."He got our boat, but if he hadgotten her about eight monthssooner there would have been abouttwenty-five thousand less Americansoldiers in France, as that is thenumber the Covington landed therebefore they got her."There is an amusing incidentwhich happened, in connection withthe sinking of the ship. Two menwere sleeping alone in the aftertroops' mess hall when the torpedostruck us, but it failed to awakenthejm, and during all the hurry totake to the small boats and abandonship they slept on and were not missed by the rest of us. About twoo'clock in the morning one of themwoke up, and noticing the unusualstillness on account of the stoppingof the ship's engines, he went up 'ondeck. He was struck speechless withsurprise when he discovered he andhis companion were the only livingsouls left on board. Tumbling downinto the mess hall he awoke his partner, who also received the shock ofhis life. They yelled for some one tocome and get them but no one heardthem. Finally rigging up an old lifelaft, they launched it and escapsdfrom the sinking ship, afterwardsbeing picked up by a French destroyer and landed at the sapne port whereI was put ashore."Now that it is all over I enjoyhaving had the experience, but wouldnot care for a repeater.""5 2JL 7gg.j-riJRaryiii c'ggjTa'c;utavjTSaaciaftifatrciiiiSfa- - ' . ?frm tay&si- '-jot:. -. , 'if&sAlmost everybody in Paris will remember laughing "Smiley" Dodge,whose genial spnile and noisy motorcycle were as well-known and aswell-remembered as "Smiley" himself. Dodge is still in the old world,where he is helping Uncle Sam toThe trip across was uneventful, j maintain peace and a semblance of- i i rtivinn -s n to r r Tipuuan i ui ! i u iiimiiexcept for a little target practice atDaily Deliveries Are MadeByTRACTION EXPRESSKy.Traction & Terminal Co.Wjjmotsl!FreshHome Baked Breads,Cakes, Pies, Etc.DailyFreshMeats,Rbasts,Steaks,Chops, Fancy Goods.FamousCoffees and Teaswimt w thoueht might be a submarine, but which, turned out to heonly some wreckage from sopie otherill-fated vessel. On the return tripwe left the harbor of Brest at nineo'clock on the morning of July 1,bound for New York, carrying nothing but ballast, not a single passenger. As on the trip over everyonestill had that peculiar feeling mentioned above, a premonition thatsomething was going to happen.Everything went well until we hadbeen out about five hours, when at 2o'clock in the afternoon the watchsounded the alarm for somethingabout one thousand yards off ourstarboard quarter, which kept popping up out of the water, remainingin sight for a few moments and thendisappearing again. It -was reportedto the control officer, but before hecould locate it it had disappeared.At 4 o'clock it was sighted again, butstill we were not positive, but rightthen and there, every man. in ourgun crew made up his jmind to keepa lookout like he had never kept before. Nothing more was seen of theobject from that time until we werehit by the torpedo."It is my opinion that the 'sub'followed us from that afternoon at 2o'clock until nightfall, so that hecould take a pot-shot at us and getaway with it, which he did, I amsorry to say."My watch was relievelat eighto'clock. There was going to be apicture show that .nightandI hadstarted down to see it when, my: uuhcapiafn said: 'I don't advis Everybody to go to tlie movies-ecausejust 'as sure as you go something isgaing to happen.' I saidr ail right,I will turn in,' AvhJch I did. 'It seeni-ed asjthough I had just gotten asleepwhen 'blooey u torpedo strrick, us onUU1 UUlb OlUC, U.LU1U0U.1U. VU1 wuship gave a mighty tremor and seemed to us to be groaning in agony."I came tumbling out of my bunkwith the rest of my mates, and how Imanaged it I do not know, but I hadmy clothes on when I hit the deck,and I sure was going some at that.I ran to my station at the gun, but inthe blackness of the night there wasnothing to be seen."There was no semblance of apanic. Everybody was as cool as theproverbial cucumber and perfect discipline reigned. The order was givento abandon ship, but' the gun crewshad to remain at their posts untileveryone else had left the ship. Thepointer on the port gun saw something which he thought was a submarine emerging, and took threeshots at it, but without success, sofar as we could see. He was thenordered to cease firing, as it placedthe lives of the men in the lifeboatsin jeopardy. All hands then abandoned ship and took to the smallboats. I tell you it was a peculiarsensation, floating around in the middle of. the ocean, so dark you couldorder. He is at present stationed inGermany, as is told in the followingletter to his old comrade, Mr. Mitchell B, Jackson, of the Hotel Fordham:SAY, you'll have a streak of smokeluck that'llput pep-in-jrour-smokemotor, all right, if youllring-in with a jimmy pipe or cigarette papers andnail some Prince Albert for packing IJust between ourselves, younever will wise-up to high-spot-smoke-joyuntil you can call a pipeby its first name, then, to hit thepeak-of-pleasure you land squareon that two-fisted-man-tobacco,Prince Albert !Well, sir, you'll be so all-firedhappy you'll want to get a photograph of yourself breezing up thepike with your smokethrottle wideopen I Talk about smoke-sport!Quality makes Prince Albert soappealing all along the smoke line.Men who never before couldsmoke a pipe and men who'vesmoked pipes for years all testifyto the delight it hands out! P. A.can't bite or parch! Both arecut out by our exclusive patentedprocess !Right now while the going'sgood you get out your old jimmypipe or the papers and land' onsome P. A. for what ails yourparticular smokeappetite !Copyright 1919fcy R. J. Reynold!TsbMco Co,You bay Prtnce Albert ecerywherelobacco it sold. Toppy red Bags,tidy red tint, handsome pound and half pound tia humidors andthat classy, practical pound cryetal glass humidor with spongemoistener top that keeps the tobacco in such perfect condition.ry-R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company, Winston-Salem, N C"With the American Expeditionary"Forces, Dec. 10, 1912."Dear Jack: It has been a Ionstime since I have heard from you.We have had a big time in the lastfifteen or twenty days. We havehave walked all the way fro$m Dun,France, over into Germany in thelast ten days. We figured in themarch on the Rhine, if you have readof it. I am in the saloon now waiting until eight o'clock for my supper. "Every night we go out, -ihres ofof us, and get us a good old Dutchsupper. We have potatoes, horse.soup, whole-wheat bread, jam, butter and "kVaut. We have seen somewild country in the march. Oneplace where we came through thewoods a wild boar, sprang out fromthe thiclTmase of trees"on one &Maof the road, and darted through theline of pnen, and hit the pistol holster of the First Sergeant of CompanyG, and ran into the woods on theother side of the road. Some of theboys said they wished they had seenhim, as they would have taken ashot at him, but it was done so quickly that none of us had time to doanything more than to blink at thepesky critter. No one was tninKingof suclran animal being witnm iortymiles': of" us."The time for coming home is nota long way. off, not .so, long now asit'has been I don't believe it willbe many taionths now until I will beback in oIS Kentucky again. I fiUtoe-ready to. get astride the old Har-ley-Davidson.,aan and' take a spinbut the roa3 once more."1 guess you were about to get mthVarmy, anyway, since I saw youlast, but the trouble nas now anpassed by. I suppose you are still inthe hotel. I have not seen any of theParis or Bourbon county boys or anyone else from home since I havebeen here, except the ones in my outfit I guess Hi Roseberry and Harpdidn't get a chance to come overseas, did they?"I will have a long story to tellyou when I get back home again.Write and tell me all the news. I willclose now."Your old Friend,"SMILEY,""Corporal Edgar W. Dodge,"Co L., First Pioneer Infantry,"American, Expeditionary Forces." DIZZDTESS IS-AircrOYINGAs Many Paris People Know TooWell.ITOLUENZA CONDITIONS CAILOFF "FARMERS' WEEK."Because of conditions prevailingout in the State in connection withthe recurrence of influenza in manysections, 'Farmers' Week? which wasto have been held at the Universityof Kentucky, at Lexington, this weekhas been called off and the meetingsof fanners, breeders of live stock,beekeepers, dairymen, alfalfa growers, poultrymen and others interested in agricultural pursuits will notbe held until 1920, when it is expected that a larger and better meeting than ever before will be held.Although the Dairy Cattle Club willnot hold its scheduled meeting, premiums that have been announced forthe best samples of milk, butter andcream sent in will be awarded thisweek, as many samples have alreadybeen received at the University.Prof. J. J. Hopper, dean of the department of animal husbandry, underwhose direction the exhibit was tohave been given, will award thprizes and the premiums will be sentto the winners. lCAHAL BROS.BABBEB SHOP 'Prompt and Courteous Attentiom talPatrons.EDW. BURKE. President.H. S. CAYWOOD. Vice-President. JOHN T. COLLINS. Hanager.Edw. Burke -Sam ClavJas. M. CaldwellHobt. E. BeattvLuther StiversC. D. WilsonDIRECTORSJ. L. Benton ,W, M. BodcersA. B. HancockJno. T. CollinsS. B. BurrisA. L. StephensonH. S. CaywoodTHE BOURBONTobacco Warehouse Co.(Incorporated)',fTotal Sales to Christmas 164,415 lbs.Average week ending Jan. 18, 1,960,805 lbs.Sales Week Ending Jan. 25, 989,960 lbs. .When the kidneys are weak or disordered ihey fall behind in filteringthe blood of poisons. As the poisonsv tim nArvpfl.'the result is feltnot see the end of the boat, and not -n Bpeus of vertigo, just as dninken-li-TivariTiff'tb-Tiati r,pHpf was cumins:. I jn tr m."Ti riWzv from theWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376knn winer. when relief was coming."The boat I was in was finallypicked upby the destroyer Smith,and I want to say that the small lossp life, is due mostly to her commanding officers. I do not mean thattheloss of life was due to hm, but thatit was due. to Kim that no more thanshe "wrer lost. He tiad the courage tostop iiis engines and. pick up everysurvivor. This, of "course, endangered his life, as well asJiis crew, andthe safety of his ship, but he did notthink of himself in tnat nour 01 aistress. Credit is also due to the crewof the Smith, who cheerfully andgladly gave up their clothing andhedding to us."When everybody got aboard tiiedestroyer, some seven hundred men,I think, we began, to circle arounaiess will make sC men dizzy from th?poisoning of aiconoi. vi..DoH9hA hJLckache and irregularityof the kidney secretions are all signsof weak or disoraerea kiqucjo ."-should not be neglected. UseKidney Pills, the hqme-e-ndorsed. kidney remedy. Read this Paris resident's' statement: "Mrs. J. W.- Markland, 326 EighthStreet says: "Some few years ago Isuffered severely, with kidney complaint and some times was in a erl-T,u?n T had a constant dullache across the smalfof my back, and,1 was terribly dizzy at times. I haveused Doan's Kidney J-ius 101 .x i,i oi iov hnvA helDedi memore than anything else, always relieving me of the complaints. ,Price 60 c, at ail aeaiera. w uFor entire season, 4,415,635 poundsfor $1,643,790.10We Lead theIt Will Pay You to Try to Get In.Average $30.97Average $41.31Average $47.66Average $39.94NMXT SALETO-DAYvr.4IJU vThe Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Co.inJ "? x :h :7 '., JrE f: An remedygetbut badly listed: She remained afloat Doan's Kidney Pillhesam that. . .li. feM.M .tA hinr Tit m, -vfaT-vinn Tiad. Foster-MilDurnk 4-t,v y " iriu wtm mtii i n ci ir:i uciu o 111 w i r mhx xki - - - ,11 !,,.- o A.lnnV It, ho ftpmnnn U ATf Buffalo. N. Y. (adV) --J(Incorporated)PARIS, KENTUCKYiiI 81U.fi.lU5 . V WVWk vw ..w- vv,, ...-.,pry wns.PAGE F0U2THE BOTJBJWNvv?!EW& AEIS'.KEROTprf,fj:FRIDAY, JANUARY 31, 1$1S."" -fw&UrcfjINANCIAL REPORTV-OE-CITY OF PABIS, KY.F(RiYEAR ENDING DECEMBER 31, 1918, TOTAL BECEIPTS EROM ALL SOUECES:Balance 'June 1, 191'8 .'. ? 9,791.031918 Taxes and Penalties 67,324.711917 Taxes 848.23191$ Taxes 755.181915 Taxes 154.73License 13,678.30Fias From Police Court 1,041.00Sale of Rock 686.0QMiscellaneous 200.61Deposit on Sewer Bonds 1,000.85Proceeds of Sale of Bonds 20,080.89Proceeds Bills Payable 10,000.00Froqi Bank of America 500.00Foreman's Note and Interest . . . . 659.33Intetfest on Chaney Beall note .... 39.00Freight Returned on Overcharge . . 167.68DistributedGeneral Fund .Sinking Fund . .School Fund . .Library Fund . .Hpspital Fund .$126,927.54$ 89,886.7111,474.1822,281.291,343.101,942.265126,927.54. GENERAL FUND DISTRIBUTED.Administration Salaries $4,215.92Administration, Expenses 1,232.79Police Salaries $4,932.90 fPolice Expenses 250.59Police Equipment . 1,256.88FIreiDepartment Salaries 3,041.60Fire Department Expenses 1,029.75FireJDepartment Equipment 104.22fftrttt and XJuarry Salaries 8,692.10Street and Quarry Expenses . . . . 5,327.42Street and Quarry Equipment .. .. 1,270.27LightHealth and Welfare LeagueSewer SanitaryAsphalt StreetCertified Check ReturnedStamps on BondsWater RentInsurance, Hospital Annex and HallInterest on Endowment Hospital FundInterest on Bank NoteCharityExamining Books and New Books PurchasedSmallpox; . . . . . . . .Oil on Streets ,. ..'.. ..Bridge RepairsTax Rebate : . . .Contributed to Hospital -Bills Payable :. ., .,-Paveinent Improvement ?$126,927.54$5,448.716,440.374,175.5715,289.79RELIGIOUS.The Christian Endeavor Societyof the Presbyterian churchy will meetSunday at 6:30 p. m. The subjectwill be, "Best Things in Endeavor."Leader, Mr. John Dundon.The regular quarterly businessmeeting of the Paris Epworth Leaguewill be held in the Methodist churchto-night (Friday) at 7:30 o'clock. Inaddition of the regular order of business, a report from the recent Presidents' meeting at Birmingham, Alabama, will be giveniy Mr. Dennis V.Snapp, President of the KentuckyEpworth League. All members ofthe Paris Chapter are urgently requested to attend this meeting.The pastor, Rev. Ri C. Goldsmith, will preach at the morningand evening services at the Baptistchurch, Sunday. Morning worship,,10:45, subject, "The Battle in theWilderness." Evening service 7o'clock.Sunday School at 9:30, B. Y. P. U.at 6 o'clock.The prayer (meeting hour has beenchanged to 7:30 Wednesday evening.oLATONIA RACE TRACKCHANGE OWNERSHIP.TOv-.-$31,354.445,061.90600.008,797.42690.981,000.851.093,033.32221.50578.37300.0035.55674.81132.751,424.50234.4048.98500.0010,000.0062.50The Latonia race track will pass tonew owners within 30 days. Aftertwo days of conferences the committee representing the breeders andstockholders signed an-agreement tosell Wednesday night.This agreement sets forth the conditions of the sale and the prospective purchasers have 30 days in whichto perfect their organization andmake their payments.If they do not come across by thattime the agreement is null and void,and the track will remain just as itis, under the control of C. A. Tilles,John Hachmeister and Harvey Myers.In this agreement Douglas Parkis included the same as Latonia.As Senator Camden and Ed Simsare out of Kentucky at the presenttime, this gives them an opportunityto get back and complete arrange- Jments. Tne agreement to sell andbuy was signed by Senator ThomasA. Combs and Judge Allie W. Young,on behalf of Senator Camden, andthe sellers were the three namedabove.Neither party to the agreementhad any statejment to make otherthan that the deal had been closed.Try Traction. Service ForPackage or FreightDeliveriesKy. Traction & Terminal Co.Public SalePUBLIC SALEOF-PINE MULES!JERSEY COWSJ will sell at public auction at theLower Stable, on Main Street, opposite the Windsor Hotel, onMONDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1919,at 11 o'clock.5 head of Jersey cows, fresh andgood ones. v 'R. F. COLLIER, "(31-lt) Paris, Ky.Public Sale-OP-Stock, Farming Implements, Etc.Just because a fellow is there withbells on, don't jump to the conclusion that he is a ringer.Balance in General FundBalance in Sewer Fund .13,805.5811,327.77WANTEDYoung man clerk.PARIS WATER CO.(31-lt)GENERAL FUNDBalance January 1, 1918DistributedProceeds of Bonds . .Foreman's Note . . i . .? 9,062.7060,243.1220,080.89$00.00$89,886.71SCHOOL FUNDFrom Taxes . . . $22,281.29Eaid'"Treasurer M. P. Collier . .$89,886.71$22,281.29i i- -2 &$,T $22,281.29SINKING FUNDFronuTaxes i ..$11,474.18Bonds Paid in May . . j. .. ..-Bonds' Paid in November . . . . v. . . .Intent "on Bonds, MayInterest on Bonds, November . .Balance in Fund$22,281.292,5003,5003,016.662,205.00252.52i.rns isiri.ijy zxmjMm $11,474.13?LIBRARY-FUNDFronju'Taxes -.;.: ..'. .$1,343.10FaidyTreasurer Buckner Woodford . .$1,343.10HOSPITAL FUNDFromSax . . . . '. . . . . .' '..,. . . 1,782.93Interest Foreman's Note . . K . : . . . 159.33Psid.iTteasurer Harry B. Fithian . .B&l&nce in Treasury$11,474.18$1,343.10Taken Up As StrayPony came to my place Tuesday;sorrel; about 12 hands high; whitespot in forehead. Owner can recoversame by proving property and payingfor keep and advertising.MISS IDA ARKLE,(31-3t) Route 8, Paris, Ky.Having sold my farm, I will offerat public sale on the premises, oneand one-half jmiles from Millersburg,on the Blacks' Cross Roads pike, ohFriday, February 14, 1919,the following described property:One 4-year-old bay work horse;One 4-year-old gray work horse;One 9-year-old bay work mare;One thoroughbred bay yearling filly, dam by King Royal, sire Charming King by Bourbon King;One half-Percheron colt;Two No. 1 milch cows;One fine yearling red bull;One nice red yearling heifer:One steer calf;One heifer calf;Three shoats, weight 125 pounds;One brake cart, good as new;One set harness;One farm wagon; 1 hay frame;Two wagon beds; ' 'dne good mowing machine;One sled; 1 harrow;One breaking plow;One double-shovel plow;Lot of extra good corn; lot of fodder; Double trees and single trees;Drags; hoes, and several otherthings too numerous to mention.Nice lot of jchickens.TERMS Made known on day ofsale.' CHAS. H. JONES,, Route No. 5, Paris, Ky.George D. Speakes, Auctioneer.(Jan31-4t) 'Every farmer and mule man in the county and State shouldattendJohn Marr's Big Sale of Fine MulesGo and see what he is going to sell, whether you buy or not.This is the champion bunch of mules of this or any other State.You will see something good to look at.DONT FORGET THE DATEMonday, Feb. 3rd, at 1 P. M.(Court Day)rAt Caywocd McCIintock's Barn, Paris, Ky,. Don't Miss This Sale !AUCTION SALE!Monday, February 3rd, 1919(County Court Day)On the above date, at Tom Morris' Livery Stable, on MainStreet, between Seventh and Eighth, at 1 o'clock p. m., I will selfto the highest bidder,35 Head of GoodDRAFT MARMSThese horses will absolutely be sold to the highest bidder,.with no exceptions. .Written guarantee given witheveryhorse.IN. Ft. PARKSFOR SALETwenty farm mares, 4 to 6 yearsold, fresh from the country.Thirty good jmules, 4 to 6 yearsold.For sale privately at our barns atthe stock yards.CAYWiOOD & McCLINTOCK.(31jan-3wk)s$1,343.101,782.93159.33For Sale."fj i $1,942.26JTjrwusurer and Clerk's Report Checked Correct' to a Cent.$1,942.26Kft-Amount of Unpaid Taxes for 1918 $1,858.31Balance of Note from Horten's Estate . . . . 125.00NoteKJhaney Beall ..."".. . . 650:00Balance Bank or New YorK ;. A .. 620.00Axnoujat Pledged for Asphalt 'Streets'' :.'.. 1,581.50E. B. JANUARY, Mayor.vj.I offer for sale privately my homeat 234 Mt. Airy avenue. Has sevenrooms, bath, gas for heat, light andfuel, pantries, front, side and backporches, cellar, outbuildings, etc.Prospective huyers invited to inspectpremises. Easy terms. PossessionMarch 1, 1919.LEWIS T. LILLESTON,Cumb. Phone 773.rrThe Paris Grand Opera House3t8 BigActsVAUDEVILLE8 BigAct'sFor Sale!Ford 1917 Model for sale.Has enclosed panel body.Just the thing for quick deliveryservice.First check for $40 a gets it.FRANKLIN MOTOR CO.,f1) . Lexington, Ky.i-KM fill2 Days Monday and TuesdayOne Performande Each EveningFEB. 3 and 4The Musical MonroeRefined Musical Comedy.Nat -FordThat Funny Little Fellow.NiApproved and found correct& i MM- w-.siJ. W. HAYDEN, Clertf.,5GEO. L. DOYLE,JOHN ARKLE,TOM J. KISER, - , . f .Finance-' CommitteeJ ,T ; 'j 'SUPPLEMENTAL REPORT:l3ie above report shows In different departments en increase in exensl4L8 follows:ADMPOSTRATION DEPARTMENT Examining1 Books and, ' V. & Furniture Purchased . . . . ... .1 ..... . -H, . J$. i 772.10ROClP QUARRY DEPARTMENT Purchasing four Mules,jUpairing Buildings, &c, . . 1,456.10PMKDEPARTMENT Uniforms -. . 136 20POLIpfJ DEPARTMENTS--UnifonnH Fixing up- Headquarters; - - - - -EilrolWagon and Telephone police Boxes and Furniturefor Headquarters ' . . , 1,437.94-,jojk .ram ior loor at Quarry ,on. account - of,. Increased-Labor over 1917 . -V .':.. .' 1 .'. . KJ.jUAt Deprived jof Cllctioij: ' . . j 'O :K6te, Mortgages .Bonds, and Stocks of Goods Banfc De-frorfts, by the New Talt Commission !. . . . .Xacrie UL Salary of CleYk ., 1 r . . .. ;tVl ,f .j, wi rH-1i:4Total-; -. ..".- ..$12,579.46'fkese items do not indicate the increased cost of feed and materialhicfc-,wouldadd(6dio,ame,be seyral thousand-of dollar.,-. . , , .T.627.126,900.00: 2f00Public Sale-OFHorses,Mules andCattle.Weriil sell at public auction onMONDAY. FEBRUARY 3. 1919,beginning at 10 o'clock, at Murphy'sStock Pens, in Paris, the fnlinwfno..uur&es, muies ana cattle:; iio head of extra good draft mares,four or five years old;0 head of extra good farm mules,xour 10 six years ola;- -40 -head- of seven-hundred poundyearling cattle;40 head of six-hundred pound yearling cattle;6 head of extra good milk cows; -'Alsosome stock shoats. 1-TERMS- Made known on day ofsale.'All stock is to be, sold, for the high"dollar. No resewres'6r byibfdsgb 'at'tms saie.' " MYERS&fSlTHy'.1 Paris, Kentucky,-GDSiwakeSj.Auctiopeer. t .The Dancing Da ProusFeaturing Master Louis, America's Youngest Professional Drummer and Per-rormer.Ju.Lasere and LasereArtistic Arilit. :Nellie SterlingThe Dainty 'little Vocalisti.1.Lookwho,jjmmje Beardhere!A Few Remarks in Black.Howard PrestonThe Jass Boy of . Vaudeville.i''j:;-:r The Bennetts"!:':.-.The . English Johnnie and; Scotch ImmI Singing. Dancinf, Comedy, Miwic--- .. .... " 4' Jn':t' -itGeorge Wet; Directorfc?p. G. Copk, DrummerSeats onNIGHT PRICES3SSale Now at The Alamo75c, 50c, 35c arid 25cAdd 11 Ptt Ctnt War Tax!'jt;- 't' 4.'.titltlfi:kv9.,FRIDAY, JANUARY 1, 191$.THE BOTOBOH IfEWS, PARIS;SCCSTUicnpagi im?rrFO THE BESTNOTHING ELSEFRESH CAUGHT FISHFresh caught Reelffoot LakeFish for today and tomorrow.lit) LOGAN HOWARD.'- 0A rare opportunityIs presented to-day a-nd to-morrowto buy Davis quality clothing at pre.inventory clearance prices.J. W. DAVIS & CO.APEIIATE COURT NEWSIn the Court of Appeals at Frankfort, Tuesday, in tile case of thePower Grocery Co., of Paris, vs. Alex7ander's assignee, Alexander & Co. vs.Power Grocery Co., Bourbon attorneys for tne Alexander & Co. Bank?filed brief reply with notice.-, o30ARJ) OP EDUCATION TO MEET. MONDAY.There will be a called meeting ofthe Bourbon County Board of Education, Monday, in the office of County Superintendent J. B.Caywood, inthe court house. The Board willconvene in a business session at teno'clock.SOCIAL ASTD PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.NEW ORLEANS MOLASSES NEWJBARREL OPENEDJust opened another- new barrelof N. 0. Molasses. They are gettingiarce. Phone in your order now.dt) a p. cook & co.oFire, Wind and Lightninginsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanoCHANGE IN AGENCY.Mr. S. E, Borland has tendered hisresignation as local agent for theKentucky Traction & Terminal Co.,and will open a wall paper and paintbusiness. Mr. Borland will be succeeded here as agent by Mr. GeorgeM. (Cooper) Davis, the change becoming effective Saturday.Mr. Davis has for several monthsbeen chief clerk in the office of theParis Water Company. He has hada large experience in business andwill make a valuable man for thecompany.oMEMORIAL SERVICES TOR CAPT.REtJBEN TfUTCHCRAPT. 'Memorial services for Capt. Reuben B. Hutchcraft, who gave up, his,life on the battlefront in France, willbe held at the Paris Christian ChurchSunday afternoon, Feb. 2 , at : 3 0o'clock. The services will he incharge of Rev. W. 13. Ellis, pastor ofthe church. -An interesting and appropriateprogram has been prepared for the"occasion, which will be made amemorable one, as a-befitting testimonial to one of Bourbon county'smost distinguished citizens.o-SHOE BARGAINS POR LADIES,SAVE MONEY BY CALLINGEARLY.Great reductions on an accumulated lot of ladies small sizes in shoesof all styles and makes. Come inaad take advantage of these bargainswhile they last. It will be worthyour time.(24-tf) FELD'S SHOE STORE.. oINSURANCE. ,Fire, Tornado, Lightning,Automobile and Hail.YERKES & PEED.(janl4-tf)AT THE ALAMO AND THE PARISGRAND.To-day, Friday, January 31 Dorothy Dalton, in "Vive La France,"said to be one of the greatest warpicture on " the screen; RuthRoland, in the fourteenth episode of"Hand Up;" Keystone Comedy, "Ambrose's - Cup of Woe;' AnimatedWeekly,To-narrow, Saturday, February 1Rex Beach's tremendous drama,LaujrhLn Bill Hyde; Smiling BillParson in "Billy's Fortune."Monday, February 3 At the Alamo only Lila Lee, in "The Cruiseof The -Make-Believes;" Mack Sen-,nett Comedy, "His Wife's Friend;"Burton Holmes Travelogue.At the Paris Grand MajesticRoad Co., in vaudeville. (See largedisplay '.advertisement in this issue.)r WITH THE "SHOT-INS." ,Mrs! 'William Myall has been illseveral: days at her hopne.'on Mainstreet. Dr. D. S. Henry is ill at tils"hniTift nn Cvnress street. Mrs. B. F.MunsoU, .of near Hutchison, is -illat hisjhome on Cypress street., Mrs.'B. F. Munson, of near Hutchison, isill with influenza, Mr, GormanSampson a patient at the MassieMemorial Hospital, in this oity, suf-ferings-withtyphoid fever- Mrs. LyttletonB. Purnell, who has been veryill witH pneumonia at her home onVine street, ia slightly improved.Miss Jefesie Rose,, vhpis pftient,.tthe Maseie Memorial Hospital, issomeWhat improved. Miss MattieBaldwin te seriously ill with pneumonia, lit the home"ofher brother.Mr. Grover Baldwin, on Miggins avenue. :Mr. Carl Collins is serious illof pneumonia at his home on theJackstown pike, near Paris. Mr.Charley Green, manager of the A.' F.Wheeler & Co. store in Paris, whohas ben seriously ill for sojne time,with pneumoni at his home on Cypress 8treet, is improving, and willsoon be able to be otit and at hisplace iof business. Mr. Thoe. HenryClay, vIr., wh recently returnedfrom a Cincinnati hospital, I very illat his home near Auaterlitz.Mrs. L. B. Purnell is slowly recovering from a serious illness ofpneupionia.-Mr. S. T. Wood, who has been illof pneumonia, following influenza, isable to be up and about his room-Mrs. Lee Price, of Paris, was aguest of her son, -Mr. John Price, inDanville, several days this weekMr. Fred Legg has returned tohis home in Cincinnati after a visitto his sister, Mrs.. J. Frank Trisler.Mr. Mark Herrington, pneumonia patient at the Massie MemorialHospital, was somewhat better yesterday. Mrs. Robert Langston, who 'hasbeen very ill at her home on Scottavenue for several weeks, is convalescing. Mrs. June Peddicord has returned to her home in this city, after avisit to her sister, Mrs. Alex Gilchrist, in Lexington.Miss Jessie Rose, who has beenill of double pneumonia at the Massie Memorial Hospital, was considerably improved yesterday.bquire Lan J. Fretwell left Wednesday for St. Petersburg, Florida,where he will spend the remainderof the winter recuperating.Mrs. Anna McDougal has returned to Hamilton College, Lexington,after a visit to Mrs. Mayme Remington Parrish, of Houston avenue.Mrs. Clarence Sprake is a patient at the Massie Memorial Hosnital.where she underwent a successfuloperation Wednesday for appendiMr. Charles P, Mann, of theParis Realty Co., was in Slielbyville,Wednesday, to see his brother, Mr.Wm. Mann, who is seriously ill ofpneumonia.Mr. and Mrs. Albert S. Thompson returned yesterday from an extended visit to their son, Mr. Geo.C. Thompson, and Mrs. Thompson, atAllensville, Alabama.Mrs. Rosa Payne has returnedto her duties at Sayre College, inLexington, after spending severaldays in this city as a guest of Mrs.Hugh Montgomery, at her home onDuncan avenue.Mrs. Fannie Clegg has arrivedfrom -Chicago to be with her grandmother, Mrs. A. A. Barclay, who isvery ill at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, following a strokeof paralysis.Miss Myrtle Dalton, who hasbeen a member of the Madison County Board of Examiners, "has beenelected' lto the faculty of the ParisHigh School. Miss Dalton tvIII. cometo Paris Monday to take up her newduties, vFlorence, Stella, Nancy andMacey Collins, who have been ill atthe -Massie Memorial Hospital, withinfluenza, have recovered and weresent home Wednesday. Their motherand -a little sister died of the diseaselast-week:.Mr. H. H. Floyd, manager of theCumberland Telephone Co.'s localoffide-, is visiting his brother, Mr. A.M. Floyd, who is in the same service with the ccpnpany at New Albany, Indiana. This is Mr. Floyd'sfirst vacation in several years.Richmond Daily Register: "Mrs.Bettie Parrish, was called to Parislast week by illness in the family ofher son, Mr. David Parrish, all ofthejm flu victims .... Miss LavinaThompson, of Paris, arrived Mondayto enter the new term at Eastern."The East Coast News, published.at Daytona, Florida, by Mr. andrMrs. James L. Wilcox, formerly ofParis, says in its social column, in arecent issue:"Mrs. Mary East, of Lexington,Ky., is with Mr. and Mrs. U. Hambrick at their home on Hollywoodavenue. Mrs. East is a very prominent Kentuckian, having been one ofthe faculty at Bourbon' College,' atParis; Ky., for several years."Advices from Mr. Jos. W. Davis,'of Paris, who has been under treatment at the Mayo Bros.' Hospital, m'Rochester, Minn., for several weeks,state that he is pnaking satisfactoryprogress toward recovery, and willsoon be able to return home. Alater .message stated that Mr. Daviswould reach Paris to-morrow night... rMIss Edith Stivers, daughter ofMr. and Mrs J. H. Stivers, of Paris,has been elected teacher, in Englishin the Ashland, Ky., High School.Miss Stivers left Wednesday forAshland to assume her duties. Sheis a graduate of the Paris HighSchool, and of the University of Kentucky and took a special course atthe University of Cincinnati.'Flemingsburg Times-Democratsays: ' "Q. 0. Carpenter returned tohis new home in Bourbon countyWednesday morning, after a visit tohis aged mother, who is now recovering from an attack of illnessHendrix McCarty, wife and child, ofParis, are jniests of N. H .McCarthy-'and family. . .Cl E. Cottrell, of Paris,"visjted his father, here the nrst ot tneweek Miss Mary Bramel returned to her home from a visit to relatives at Paris Dr. O. S. Hickersonreturned Saturday from a " tripqParis and Cynthiana." .;' "(Other Personals on Page 2)"WAR, -MOTHERS CHAPTER . TOORGANIZE TO-MOKKOWMAYSVILLE PAPER PRAISES MAJESTIC ROAD SHOW.The Maysville Public Ledger, ofTuesday pays a tribute to the vaudeville attraction, the Majestic Theatre Road Show, which will be a feature at the Paris Grand next week.The Ledger says, under the heading:"Majestic Road Show Makes BigHit:""The Majestic Theatre Road Showunder the capable management of M.W. McQuigg, opened a two-days' engagement at the Washington Theatrelast night to 'a good sized house.Those who attended the opening performance were surprised not only inthe quality of the acts but in thequality of the entertainment all theway through."Nat Ford, that funny little fellow, brought laughs from the audience which were not pnerely roarsbut that in their sound plainlyshowed .that Nat had touched the audience's funny bone."The Bennetts, the English Johnnie and the Scotch Lass, gave a highclass entertainment far above the ordinary and got a big .hand, whileJimmie Beard, the black face, wasall 'nigger' and made a real hit."Lesere & Lesere, aerialists, gavea good program, Howard Preston,the Jazz Boy, was good and theMusical Munros were real musicalcomedians. Da Prons' dancing review was interesting and NellieSterling, vocalist, was a very delightful little singer."The show will Te repeated thisevening and those who fail to see itwill miss the finest lot of vaudevilleentertainment Maysville has had insome time."B-4 FIREInsure withtV.O.HINTON &S0N,AgtsBUTTER AND EGOS ARE TAKINGTUMBLE. -Paris housekeepers will welcomethe statement whith THE NEWS isable to guarantee as reliable, to theeffect that butter and eggs, indispensible in the daily bill-of-fare, are going down in the scale of prices.The operating influences are themild open winter and conditions resulting from the cessation of hostilities among the warring nations inEurope. Local produce dealers saidyesterday they were expecting a dropin prices at any time. One prominentdealer said yesterday that if presentweather continued eggs would probably go down from forty to thirtycents a dozen. There has alreadybeen a sharp decline in the price ofbutter on the local market.The sudden decline in the butterprices is due to the release by theGovernment of sixty per cent, of thestorage butter of the country whichwas held for exportation, the rulingof the Food Administration allowinglarge butter dealers only a fixedprofit, no matter what the price ofbutter was, and the mild winter.For all of which, and for manyother favors, let us all be trulythankful!IT PAYS TO ADVERTISEIt pays to advertise, and especiallydoes it pay to advertise in THENEWS. This has been evidenced bya number of instances. Just a few4days ago a prominent restaurantfirm advertised milk for sale. Theresponse was so ready and instantaneous that the proprietors sent THENEWS word to please discontinuethe advertisement, as their entiresupply had been taken by partieswho stated they had read the advertisement in THE NEWS. Anotherbusiness man advertised for countryproduce, buttermilk, etc. The dayafter the advertisement appeared hetelephoned THE NEWS to discontinue the advertisement, as he wouldprobably have to enlarge his store.It pays to advertise in THE NEWS,because it brings results and everybody reads THE NEWS!Quick Deliveries ByTRACTION EXPRESSKy. Traction & Terminal Co.33urton Jsi Confectionery Store ISuccessor to Adami & Sariti."Florida FruitsBox CandiesI'rAdamFs Famous'Recipe forStfda Water and MixedDrinks still used.v -A local chapter of "War Mothers"will be organized in Paris to-morrow..Mothers of sons who have been inthe service, and of those who arestill in the service, are eligible tomembership. They are -requested,, tocall at the Red Cross foorii m theBourbon-Agricultural Bank building,at the corner of Main and Broadwayto-morrow, Saturday, February 1,frnm in-nn a. m. to 4:(T0 p. m. and,riaaT- The number 'bf War'-IMothers" in Bourbon county, 'hasbeen estimated at. . three hundred.Great interest Is being manifested inthe movement.111JANUARYClearanceONJSuitsCoatsDressesANDMillineryHARRY SIMONS224-228 West Main St., Lexington, Ky:Main Street, Paris, Ky.tassasmr' 'MMSiflimiflMfliMijSave You MoneyyBulk Ice Cream(Made from Pure Cream)delivered for -home .use. ,55 Fancy Ices for PartiesTor the BEST, "Set Us,FRANK BURTONi Successor- to A'dami& Santi.-a i -iill Ia -l1 i'mi ij v -llll a 'i I - LI fr "-:'--.' .''.Ill ! - :' :'-1 1;; . -i IhrM'F v ra a; , . -1 liMOTOR HEARSE-I 1"- i i)llll ' - 'February and MarchCASH SALEAll Our Tremendous Stock inThis Sale At -PERCENTCome EarlyMl NT ONMOTOR INVALID COACH"EITHERBHONE" 3.6SIXTH AND MAINSTS(XBBX3Sale1M.SK -vI.'UNDERTAKINGPAGE SIXTHE BOTTEBOH' JEWS, PAXIS, KERTUCRFRIDAY, JANUARY 31, 1S15r-sjr:3r-rscsars3r3s:;rsrr.2... xa -MTraffic Truck4,000 LBS. CAPACITY$1,395 F. O. B. FactoryPrice Lower Than Any OtherTruck of Similar CapacityEvery day drives home the need of the time-saving, laborsaving, dependable service you can get from a Traffic Truck.Its 4,000 lbs. capacity will handle the greatest variety ofloads witn entire efficiency and at lowest tost. Has amplepower for any road conditions. Built of standardized unitswith strength and sturdiness well in excess of requirements.Quality production, on a single model makes the Traffic price,$1,395, possible the truck you need at 'the price you wantto pay.Investigate what the Traffic will do on your hauling problems.A demonstration will convince you it is the truck you ought tobuy.STILES -KLAPHEKE CO.INCORPORATED904-906 South Third StLOUISVILLE, KY.Hazelwood ISanatoriumFor the Treatment ofTuberculosisMaintained by the LouisvilleAnti-Tuberculosis Association forthe adequate treatment of tuberculosis in all its stages at less thancost. Rates $15.00 per week, including board, medical attention,laundry, etc. High ground commanding extensive view. Delightful surroundings. Special rates forex-soldiers; free treatment if necessary,whenever possible. Said for DtscriptiveBecilet u Phytleiajt in Charge, HazdweodSanatorium. Station E, Ltuintilt, Kj.'DELEGATES STAKED P0R LEAGUEOF NATIONS.The delegates of the great powerson. the League of Nations, it waslearned will be for the United States,President Wilson and Colonel B. M.House; for Great Britain, Lord Robt.Cecil and General Jan ChristianSmuts; for Prance, Leon Bourgeolseand Ferdinand Larnaude, dean of theFaculty of Law of the University ofParis; for Italy, Prejmier Orlandoand Vilterio Scialola; for Japan,Viscount Chinda and K. Ochial. Thedelegates of the small nations willbe announced later.The British and American delegations in Paris are working to hastenthe proceedings of the peace conference and to secure early decisionswhich would enable the peace termsto be presented to Germany, according to the Paris correspondent of theDaily Mail.President Wilson has been electedchairman of the delegates to thepeace conference who will work outthe details of the League of Nations,following the speech in which he formerly submitted the project for theprevention of future wars. Hisscheme was unanimously adoptedand Col. Edward M. House was selected as the other American delegate of the composite committee.0EPIDElpCLOE HTOTmGHmGJE0L-.IiOWINGTOSElmLUEllZAReports have been received by apreeminent Louisville physicianshowing that a very large number ofmen and women in Kentucky havebeen suffering from the epidemic ofhiccoughing. He said that he hadheard of no deaths and that thetrouble is being handled by familyphysicians.He is a physician of wide experience and he asserted that he had never heard of anything like this epidemic before."A Very large number of men andwomen are suffering," he said, "fromhiccoughing and neuritis. Both are1probably due to lowered state of vitality, especially the nervous vitality,due to their having suffered first inthe influenza epidemic."It seems that the trouble lastsonly a few days, but the victipis aremiserable by day and cannot sleep atnight."In the neuritis .cases they oftensuffer intense pain. Neuritis involvescertain branches of the nervous system. Few children are affected."One 'Paris physician reports several cases of this kind in his practice.He stated that the victims appearedto be seized with convlutions. Tervsevere while they lasted, and of a really dangerous t character. The victime suffer intensely and are unabletorsleep or eat. The patients mentioned by the Paris physicians haveabout recovered.BAD COLD?HEADACHYAim NOSE STUFFED"Pape's Cold Compound" Ends Colds- and Grippe In a FewHoursTake "Pape's Cold Compound"every two hours until you have takenthree doses, then all grippe miserygoes and your cold will be broken.It promptly opens your clogged-upnostrils and the air passages of thehead; stops nasty discharge or noserunning; relieves the headache, dullness, feverishness, sore throat, sneezing, soreness and stiffness.Don't stay stuffed up! Quit blowing and snuffling. Ease your throbbing head nothing else in the worldgives such prompt relief as "Pape'sCold Compound," which costs only afew cents at any drug store. It .actswithout assistance, tastes nice, andcauses no inconvenince. Accept nosubstitute. (adv)0Tht Fault Is Yours.Never complain that your confidencehas been betrayed. The fault is younfor pouring unsafe talk into a leakymind. You do not blame a leaky pallfor leaking. Blame yourself for notknowing It leaked. Life.The Winnebago Indians forwarded? 5,0 00 to the Red Cross the proceeds of their annual "big time."CONSTIPATION AND INDIGESTION"I have used Chamberlain's Tablets and must say they are the hostT have ever used for constipationand indigestion. My wife also utedthem for indigestion and they didher good," writes Eugene S. Knight,Wilmington, N. C. Obtainable everywhere.STATE TEXT BOOK COMMISSIONAPPOINTED BY STANLEY.Governor Stanley gratified hisfriends and disappointed his enemiesin his selection of members of theState Textbook Commission. TheGovernor conferred a double honoron Lexington in these selections, appointing Mrs.-Nannie G. Faulconer,superintendent of the Fayette countyschools, and Prof. F. Paul Anderson,dean of the College of Engineeringof the University of Kentucky, regarded as one of the ablest men inhis professional field in America.The other appointees are knownprofessionally in all parts of theState and the appointments generallyare commended. They include, besides two Fayette members, HomerW. Nichols, superintendent of theCaldwell county schools, Princeton;O. E. Baird, of.the Owensboro highschool; H. L. Smith, of Hardincounty; Superintendent Orville J.Stivers, of Jefferson county; Principal John Hurst Adams, of Minervahigh school, Mason county; Superintendent G. P. Harris, of Winchester;Prof. E. C. McDougle, of the EasternState Normal at Richmond, and J. R.Alexander, of the Western Normal atBowling Green.The commission will organize January 14, it is announced, and proceedto the extremely important work before it. It is said its selections oftext books for the State will be madeMay 1, and it is certain that it willhave plenty of advice from almostevery county in the State to makefew changes. Some of this advice already has taken concrete form in expressions in the newspapers and inletters to the State superintendent.-'rDrink as rouePOSefbf!as you carUnlike cofee, which disagrees with iwatyy - youcat) dr ii)k as tyaiy cups ofPps"fcutp as you care forwith t)o fear or nervousness,sleeplessness or other anoyance to bfeattbor Pbsttin)is pure and wnolesoipe andcontait)sb herftnf ul element such as tne drutfirf rr rrrttv-fw .v J.,VsrarrpT-iYour grocer sells Postum.msm-mGGSINGEHET0MERITONFNashville Hotel Owner TellsNew Tonic Put Stomach in Shape.How' W. J. Cane, of 504 Fifth avenue,south, Nashville, proprietor of a hotel, thanks Meritone, the new tonicof real merit, for putting his stomach back in shape and making himfeel strong and energetic again."I was weakened and all rundown," Mr. Cain said."My stomach was out of order andjmy appetite was poor. It didn'tmake any difference what kind offood the servants would fix andbring for me, I didn't care for it."I felt so weakened and bad thatI could hardly force myself to get upin mornings, too."I've just been taking Meritone aweek now and it surely has helpedme. My stomach is back in suchgood condition that I have a fine appetite and I can eat anything that'sset before me. f"I don't find it hard to get up inmornings now, either. I get upearly; enjoy a big breakfast of porkchops and eggs, and then feel equalto the task of supervising the workin my thirty-room hotel."I recommend Meritone because Iknow it has done me good and I believe in it."Meritone is the new system tonicof real merit. It is recommended forany disordered condition of the system to put the stomach, liver orkidneys back in good condition; toenrich the blood; to combat catarrhalcomplaints or rheumatism or to bringstrength to folks who feel run downand draggy. You can get Meritoneat G. S. Varden & Son's.(adv)0APPEAL FOR RELIEF FORTIMS OF FIRE.VIC-An appeal for clothing for twentyyoung men who lost all their clothesand personal belongings in the firewhich destroyed Burkham Hall, atPine Mountain Settlement School,Harlan county, Friday night, when.four persons were burned to death,is being made by Mrs. J. R. Morton,president of the board of trustees andC. N. Manning, treasurer of theschools. There is also immediate andurgent need for beds and bedding,and contributions may be sent byparcel post to Miss Katherine Petit,head of the school, at Pine Mountain,Ky., or left at the home of Mrs. Morton, 321 North Mill street, Ixington. Contributions of jmoney shouldbe sent to Mr. Manning at the Security Trust Company. The boys whooccupied the dormitory range inage from fourteen to twenty years,the majority of them being sixteenor seventeen, and of a man's statureand size. The monetary loss to theschools will not be large, as thebuilding was covered by adequate insurance.BAD COLD (miCKLf BUOXTEN UPMr& Martha WiVcbx, Gowanda, N.Yv writes: "I first used Chamberlain's Cough Remedy about eightyears ago. At that time I had ahard cold, and coughed most of thetime. It' proved to be just what Ineeded. It broke up the cold in afew days, and the cough entirelydisappeared. I have told many of myfriends of the good I receivedthrough using this medicine, and allwho have used it speaks of it in thehighest terms." Obtained everywhere. (jan-adv)oHOUSE FULL OF TOBACCO BURNSNEA3 RICHMOND.RICHMOND, KY.f Jan. 27. Fireof unknown origin burned a smalltenant house on the farm of T. B.Balwdin, Jr., at Silver Creek, inwhich there were stored 2,000pounds of tobacco. The tobacco wasbeing stripped for the local marketand was a complete loss as no insurance was carried on it.As Mr. Baldwin's tobacco was goodquality and would in all probabilityhave averaged 40 or. 50 cents a poundit can be seen that the loss is a heavyone.There is more Catarrh in this section of the country than all otherdiseases put together, and foryearsit was supposed to be Incurable. Doctors prescribed local remedies, and byconstantly failing to cure with localtreatment, pronounced it Incurable.Catarrah is a local .disease, greatlyinfluenced by constitutional conditions and therefore requires constitutional treatment. Hall's CatarrhMedicine, manufactured by F. J.Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio, is a constitutional remedy, is taken internally and acts through the blood onthe mucous surfaces of the system.One Hundred Dollars reward is offered for any case that Hall's CatarrhMedicine fails to cure. Send for circulars and testimonials.F. J. CHENEY fc CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by druggists, 75 c.Hall's Fapiily Pills for constipation. (Jan-adv)Make Use of OariAetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityAnd OtherCasualtiesA. J. FEEAGENTbrighter;EVENINCJSa a i, fNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.ViseGlectricitifor OabtinaIt's the only satisfactory way.use Setsfor Gearing and CooRtoaIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix You UpFor the Use of BothElectricity and Gas.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)Home-KilledMEATSFRESHFISHDressed to Orfler.MflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat Market.M,.k i-fiimaJanuaryCLEARANCEUp to$32.50I SuitsLOcltS 25.00$15$10These are some bargains.All we ask of you is to comein and see them.Big reductions in Shoes,Waists, Dresses, Millinery,Skirts, Dry Goods, Etc.See Window Displays. Twin Bros.Department StoreMain and 7th Paris KyTEgee'jgFajEj5gjgta4 jtti""Technical DescriptionofSenccJiillaaawlWlaWlrWHri avflif lilTM JffTLamlfaaaaaaaaaMn:ii!iij 3iHPNiiar!29aaaaaaaaaaaaaPaHnBuMfflBliMUffiMiK ---- 'Description of Engine.The Genco Light engine has been designed andbrought out especially for the duty for which ft is used.The first models of'the Genco engine have been in operation in the U. S. for over 7 years and are passed theexperimental stage at this time. The engine is of the 4cycle, top valve type. The cooling employed is water,but it will be noted that a radiator is used, which, meansthat only 2 gallons of cooling water are necessary. Afterthose 7 years of tests and experiments it has been foundnecessary to abandon the air cooled construction, whichgave fairly good results for the first two years, but whichis not reliable after tliat time. The .crank shaft of - thGenco Light engine is counter balanced, and has its flywheel inside xf the crank case. It is probably the- onlyengine m the world having this construction, which ismore expensive, but which avoids vibration, The crankshaft runs on white metal bearings of ample Taize. Infacta study of the size of those bearings on the crankshaft will convince anybody of the reliable character ofbenco Light construction. The connecting rod bearinron the crank shaft is 1 3-4 inches in diameter by 2 3-1inches, long. The main bearings, on the crank shaft are1 1-2 inehea in diameter and 3 inches long, which makea total bearings projected area on-the main bearings of 9square inches. .The only manufacturers of lighting plants in tlieworld making their own eneines, gerieratora and batteries. Which, means we will be in business when otherswill be gone.JOHN MERRINGERB3iTraction ExpressJPLUMBING, HEATINGPARIS, KENTUCKY7S.-istsssar'Tpntnrt ' M ' m mKy. Traction & Terminal Co. J (i- -SV,-VlJ - .-FRIDAY, JANUARY 31,. 1919.THE BOUBBOH HEWS, PABIS, XEHTUCKTPAGE SETOTIsSheriff's SaleOFTAXES!Monday, Feb. 3, 1919,Xa front of the court house dooria Paris, Ky., about the hour ofnoon, I will expose to public sale fordelinquent State and county tax, forthe year 1918, the following described real estate, or enough thereoftfcat may be necessary to satisfy thegaicl tax and the penalty and thecost of said sale. If any error ordouble assessments occur in theselists, please notify us so that corriections can be duly made.W. G. McCUNTOCK,Sheriff Bourbon County.PARIS (White.)Broocihall, Cora 14.15Bishop, Elizabeth 22.61O&ilins, Bruce., - 9.43Doyle, Kate, estate 12.06Delaney, Cora 7.83Daniels, IC E. 40.96Gaines, J. H. 10.56Haggard, J. H. agt. Nicholas 11.00Haggard, J. H., agt. Brown 5.71Haggard, J. H., agt. Ayefs. . 12.06Hilton, J. W 14.12Horine, Kate 2.56Keadall, Nannie 6.15Martin, Hiley 10.77Orerby, Hazel 12.06Peterson, Ballard 11.52Richardson, Thos., 4.68Rudder, Virginia 12.06Siyder, T. J.Taylor, Elizabeth,Thqmas, Geo. "W.f Mrs., . . .WaAls, Samantha, guardian18.398.875.6429.12MILLERSBURG (White. )Baata, Geo., house and lot. .Bishop, Wm., house and lot .Gaunce, C, nouse and lot . .Green, Ed., house and lot . .Mitcheltree, Alice, house andlotThomas, S. F., house and lot7.795.346.614.758.384.50CLINTONVILLE( White. )Ball, Bob 18.02HUTCHISON (White.)Eariywine, H. H 4.27Godman, Millard 8.37CENTERVILLE (White)Leach, MargaretSlade, Ada . . jWilcox, Nettie r . .7.247.365.02RUDDLES MILLS (White)Claypoole, Birch 11.31Kiaer, Lizzie . 7.36Moore children 2.67Mahafney,.T. B 5.44Shea, Joanna, estate . . . . 7.36NON-RESIDENTS.Brown, Lida, house and lot,Paris $ 13.23Cairns, Thos., heirs, land, 3acres 23.87Hanson, Sarah, 2 houses andlots, Paris, Second St., 3.17Hardie, Fannie, land, 23 acresCenterville 14.91Mussenan, Jos. F., house andkt, Pleasant St 19.41Stephens, Mrs. E. L., houseand lot, Stoner avenue .. 2.03Saulter, Ed., gdn., 2 housesand lots, Main street . . 48.95Snyder, T. J., house and lot 9.93Thomas, Joe, house and lot,Lilleston avenue 8.52Wakefield & Moore, houseand lot, White Addition . . 11.04Yung, J. F., land, 9 acreB. . 8.96ris 5.49Davis, Hawe, house and lotParis v 5.49Frazier, Chas., house "and lotParis 3.91Fields, Maria, house and lot,Paris 3.91Freeman, Wm., house and lotParis 6.93Fields, Jim, house and lot,Paris 5.49Fields, Mary, house and lot,Paris 3.91Fields, George, house and lot,Paris 5.49Gaines, W. A. & Co., house andlot, Paris. . . 4.3gGaines, Mary and Henry, houselot, Paris 8.85Griggs, Watson, est. .house andlot, Paris 5.85Gaines, Sadie, house and lot,Paris 3.91Galliher, Chas., house and lotParis 5.49Garrett, Sanford, house andlot, Paris 6.93Hawkins, Allen, house and lotlaris 5.97Hutchison, John, house and lotParis 5.97Harris, Allen, house and lot,Paris 9.81Johnson, Belle, house and lot,Paris 8.69Jacoby, Doc., heirs, house andlot, Paris 3.91Judy, Mary Ann, house and lotParis 15.87Johnson, Maria, house and lotParis 391Johnson, Thomas, house andlotParis 5.49Jackson, Nathan, est., houseand lot, Paris 3.41Lanam, Pres., est., house andlot, Paris 3.91Lewis, Carrie, house and lotParis '. .. .. 3.91Lewis, Alice, house and lotParis 3.91Mack, Andrew, house and lotParis 6.93Moore, Steve, est., house andlot, Paris 4.85Mitchell, Mattie, heir, houseand lot, Paris 3.91Mickens, Eliza, house and lotParis 3.91Myers, Wjm., house and lot,Paris 5.98Matson, Thos., house and lot,Paris 6.93Parker, Ed., house and lot,Paris 5.49Porter, George, house and lot,Paris 6.93Parker, Luther, house and lot,Paris 5.49Rice, George, house and lot,Paris 5.02Rankin, John, house and lotParis 5.04Simpson, Mattie, house and lotParis 6.30Stone, Brice, house and lot,Paris 10.77Stephens & Green, house andlot. Paris 3.41Turner, Forrest, house and lot,Paris 7.35Tibbs, Eliza, house and lot,Paris 3.91Thomas, Sallie, house and lot,Paris - 3.91Thomas, Annie .house and lot,Paris 7.25Williams, Amanda, house andlot, Paris 4.48HAVECOLORHEEKSBe Better Looking TakeOlive TabletsU your skin is yellow complexion pallidtongue coated appetite poor you havea bad taste in your mouth a lazy, no-goodfeeling you should take Olive Tablets, iDr.Edwards' Olive Tablets a substitutef orcilomel were prepared by Dr.Edwardsafter 17 years of study with his patients.1 Eh-. Edwards' Olive Tablets are a purelyvegetable compound mixed with olive oil.You will know them by their olive color.v To have a clear, pink skin, bright eyes,no pimples, a feeling of buoyancy likeChildhood days you must get at the cause.1 Dr.Edwards' Olive Tablets act on thelifer and bowels like calomel yet haveno dangerous after effects.They start the bile and overcome constipation. That's why millions of boxes aresold annually at 10c and 25c per box. Alldruggists. Take one or two nightly andaote the pleasing results.Sharp, Sam, est., house andlotTurner, Chas., house and lotWilson, Smith, est, house andlotWashington, Henry, houseand lotWatts, Jim, house and lot. .Whaley heirs, house and lot.3.897.363.895.504.952.57LITTLE ROCK (Colored)Hoi ton, James, house and lotSharp, C. W., house and lot6.838.42NORTH MIDDLBTOWN (Colored.)Ben,PARIS (Colored.)Ayers, Nat, est, house and lotParis .. - .Ayers, Anderson, house and lotParis .-Buckner, Allen, house and lotParisColeman, Chas. and Sherraaa,house and lot, Paris r . . .Cochin, Addie J., house amd lotParisClark, Henry, house and lotParisIarnell, Leo H., house and lot,Paris . .Bodge, Cassell, house and lot,3.95.945.499.504.485.496.46MILLERSBURG ( Colored. )Allen, Geo., house and lot.. 6.29Allen, Mollie, house and lot. . 4.16Maier. Sarah, house and lot 5.49Baker, Sam, house and lot. . 6.29Berry, T. H., house and lot. . 9.49Clark, Wpn., trusteee, Rosa,house and lot 3.63Clark, Carl, house and lot. . 4.69Clay; Geo. B., house and lot 6.29Glenn, Jas.,t house and lot-. 5.76Glerih, Ban, .house4 and lot?. 5.76Glenn, Joe, house and lot.; . 5.76Griggs, Leftifcy house .and lot 4.16Herod, Eph., gdn., house 'andlot.. ..' ..- 3.64Hedges, Joanna, house and lot 4.16January, Lizzie, house andlot 4-.90Jone, John, grdn., house andlot .. ..;- W 4.90Joneff, Cassie, house and lot 3.63King, Frank, est., house andto. 3.63Mason, Geo., house and lot. . 10.83Porter,' Mattie, house and lot 3.36Pindle, Chas., house and lot 5.23Perry, Wm., house and lot. . " 5.76Robinson, M. J., house and lot 4.11Black, Ellen, house and lotClaysvilleCage, Leela, house and lot.ClaysvilleDuncan, Frank andNorth MiddletownDickson, Mary, heirs, houseand lot. ClavsJones, Kate, house and lot,ClaysvilleMack, Robt., Jr., house andlot, KerrvilleMitchell, John, house and lot,Claysville . . 'Thompson, Frank, house andlot, ClaysvilleTrumbo, Amanda, house andlot, ClaysvilleWilson, Sam, house and lot,Claysville3.635.768.954.705.235.765.765.763.635.76RED CROSS AIDS GOVERNMENTPLANS FOR DISABLEDSOLDIERS AND SAILORSDisabled soldiers and sailors discharged from service probably knowmore about the Government plans fortheir civil re-establishment than dothe people of Paris.These plans include all necessarymedical, surgical and convalescenttreatment in Goverment hospitals.During this time the men are still inthe service technically and receivetheir regular pay and family allowances. If a man, eligible for compensationr is unable to resume his peacetime occupation when he is wellenough to he discharged, the FederalBoard for Vocational Education willprovide training in any suitablework that he may choose. Both compensation and family allowance willbe made by the Government duringtraining.Those men who are able to take uptheir, pld line of work, are helped bythe Federal Board through its employment bureaus to And the best jobpossible and are paid compensationby the War Risk Insurance so longas the disability for which they weredischarged continues to exist.The government realizes that however wise and heneficient its plans,there will still be cases which theseplans will not cover. The Red Crosshas been asked to co-operate withthe Government agencies. Each RedCross Home Service Section has arepresentative whose duty it is tolook out for the needs of discharged(men and to help them get in touchwith the Government provisions fortheir welfare.Our wounded men deserve a betterreturn for their services to theircountry than the brief enthusiasm ofpeople at home. The Red Cross hasbeen asked to urge upon every onethe fact that returned soldiers do notwish the kind of sympathy that takesthem out of the course of life theymust pursue in the future.The Home Service workers of theRed Cross can give accurate and up-to-the-minuteinformation as to thebenefits due returned men, and cangive relief and encouragement aswell to such (men and their families.1 o :WOMEN OF SEDENTERY HABITSI"gEoTw." DAVISPUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pfeasant Streets, Paris, Ky.1iICLINTONVILLE ( Colored )Beatty, Japnes, house and lot,ClintonvilleBiddle, Walter, house andlot, ClintonvilleBiddle, Dave, house and lot,ClintonvilleBrooks, John, house and lot,ClaysvilleEvans, Will, house and lot,Clintonville ' . .Fields, Mary, house and lot,ClintonvilleHickman, Lige, house and lot,ClintonvilleJoneSt Mary Frank, house andlot, ClintonvilleJackson, Clarence, house andlot, ClintonvilleJones, Israel, house and lot,ClintonvilleMyers, Henry, house and lot,ClaysvilleMason, Robt., house and lot,ClaysvillePenn, John, house and lot,ClaysvilleParker, Christine, house andlot, ClaysvilleRiddle, America, house andlot, ClaysvilleTaylor, James, house and lot,ClaysvilleThompson, Georgia, houseand lot, Claysville i . .Wilson, Orange, house andlot, ClaysvilleWatts, Emily, house and lot,ClayKville5.766.295.765.757.894.165.766.835.765.766.305.236.834.164.705.763.636.304.16Women who get little exercise arelikely to be troubled with constipation and indigestion and will findChajmberlain's Tablets highly beneficial. Not so good as a three or fourmile walk every day, but very muchbetter than to allow the bowels toremain in a constipated condition.They are easy and pleasant to takeand most agreeable in effect. Obtainable everywhere.(jan-adv)oFailure of relatives and friends athome to hear from many members ofthe expeditionary forces has led Gen.Pershing to order that every man inthe American army in France mail tohis nearest relative a postcard givingthe present location, state of healthand military unit of the writer. Gen.March announced the order and saidspecial postcards were being suppliedfor the purpose:HUTCHISON (Colored. )Frazier, Charlotte, house andlotVickers, Jas., house and lot4.168.42CENTERVlLIiE (Colored. )Brown, Elijah, house and lobChinn, Ike, house and lot . .Jackson, Nat and Sarah, houseand lotLodge, F. & C. M., house andlotGriffin, Margaret, house andlotThomas, Albert an Mary,house and lotWinston, Garfield, house andlot6.836.307.364.704.166.83THOSESHOEBILLS!KEEP THFMDINNew Toll Rate Effective January21st, 1919Order No. 2495 of the Telegraph and Telephone Administrationissued by the Postpiaster General at Washington, December 13th, a nswtoll rate is ordered ffecUre Januarry 21, 1919.According to our interpretation of this order the toll rates will seclassified as follows: The day rate applies between the hour of 4:10 am l?ight rate between 8:3 and 12 midnight for station-to-station messages only, shall be approximately 50 per cent, less than any day rates,but no night rate for. less than 25 cents. ,.., a,.ii ..Another night rate between 12 midnight and 4:30 a. m jhjUbe approximately 75 per cent, less than the day rate, but no night rate lessPersoSto-person messages shall be approximately 25 per cent.higher than station-to-station rates. ,,,w .,-Appointment calls shall be approximately 50 per cent, higher tham5tatlon-toH5tation calls. - " . , ,. .--rtlfCalls which require service of a messenger shall take the appointment rate, plus cost of messenger fee. ..- .f.A report charge of approximatly 25 per cent of the station-to station rate will be made on all person-to-person calls, when person desiredIs not in or will not talk or if party calling is out when connection Is completed within one hour after lling time.Paris Home Telephone & Telgraph Co.(Incorporated.)6.30RUDDLES MILLS (Colored.)and lot,and lot,4.164.164.164.70Mr. John Held, merchant, of SaltLake City, keeps an exact record of theshoes he wears. He writes, "Twopairs of Neolin Soles have worn forme 19 months and I am on 'my feetninety per cent of the time."This is not an extraordinary example of the money-saving service thatpeople get from Ne6lin Soles. It istypical of the experience millions arehaving. These soles do wear a verylong time and so help you keep shoebills down. They are scientificallymade sathey, must wear,Get Neslih-soled shoes at almostany good shoe store. Get them foryour whole family in the styles youprefer. An$l have these cost-savingsoles put' on your worn shoes. Theyare very comfortable and waterproofas well as durable. They areTmade byTho Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company, Akron, Ohio, v:ho also makeWingfoot Heels, guaxunteed to outwear any other heels.fleolin SolesTrade Mirk Ber. U. 3. Pt. Off.Headquarters ForWfetiKfCYtAllthree brandssealed in air-ttehtpackages. Easy to find-it is on saleeverywhere.Look for, ask for.be .sure Jo tietWRIGLEY5TheGreatest Namein Goody-Land9TWRKSLEYSfPERFECT bull rg&iKI 'SEALED TIGHTAVRIGLEYS.CHEWING OUMTDmwfjjmrwsrMiTwmMKEPT RIGHTW', V.W?RvBfff;; r,) in in m m m i htuttw muThe Flavor LastsCome To OurHI II"IBell, Rosa, houseRuckervilleBishop, John est., house andlot, RuckervilleCurtis, Eliza, houseRuckervilleDodge, Annie, house and lot,RuckervilleFantelroy, Rachel, house andlot. Ruckerville 3.63Green, Ed., trustee, house andlot, Ruckerville 8.95Johnson, Ann, house and lotRuckerville.. .:' 4.16Johnson, Julia, estate, house'and lot, Ruckerville . . . . 3.63LawBon, Harriett, nouse analot, Ruckerville 4.70Love, Chw., estate, house andlot, Ruckerville 4.16Medlnger, Mattie, house andlot, Ruckerville 4.16Minor, Jess, estate, house andlot, Ruckerville 4.16Rusk, Ed., house and lot,Ruckerville 5.23Stephenson, Wm,. house andlot, Ruckerville 4.70Thomas, Allen, house and lot,Ruckerville t.vTOBACCOy U I TUB !W. H. CAHH01I, '- Local HotterFrequent Freight ServiceBY TRACTION&j Traction & Terminal Co.Two Best GradesAA and 44Elk River BrandPARISRACKET STORE-CARRrPrP- - -The International Harvester Company of Americaextends a very cordial invitation to the farmers of Bourbon county to be present at a Tractor School, which willbe held at the C. S. Ball Garage, at the corner of Pleasantand Fourth Streets, in this city, onFriday, January 31standSaturday, February 1stThe School will start promptly at 8:00 a. m. Ourexpert tractor men will endeavor to give you the greatestpossible amount of information in the two days that theschool is going to be held. To make the work more effective they will have large charts from which to explainthe various points and duplicate parts of the machine sothat they can show you just what they are trying to explain. You will be invited to ask all the questions youwant, so that when you go "home after the school youought to know a great deal more about your machine andbe able to get much better and longer service from it.There will be no registration fees, attendance fees,or any other charges connected with these schools.Nothing will be offered for sale and-there will be no selling talks, so that there is no reason why you and yourfriends should not come prepared to enjoy the interestingwork.We trust that you will make an effort to be on hand,as we feel sure that you will be well repaid for the timespent.C. S. BALL GARAGEGor. Fourth and Pleasant St?.H. B-(jn24-3t)The News Job Department is Always Busy"There's a Reason." Work Done Right!AMr'?..sJ. X. VEATCH.District' Ibuueer-NMGE SIGHTTHE BOUEBOH HEWS, PJJtIS, KEKTPOCT- FRIDAY, JANUARY ,3t 1S1J.IN THE SERVICEOF THEIR COUNTRYc335 THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMOpI5 MILLERSBURG2?Mr. Harry Linville is improving.P Mrs. Russell Mitchell is improving nicely. f.) Mrs. M. B. Martin, continues.Dout the same. : ,j Mrs. J. T. Judy and childrenJjFrere iirParis, Wednesday. jMr. W. D. Mclntyre is' 'connivedXtHiiis home with a deep cold.- Mr. Sanford M. Allen is confinedo his home with a -deep .cold,Mr. J. O. Ralls sold his home inteutler AddiMon.to Mr. Harry Fay form private prie.. . ' 'Miss Aleta Wilson, who has'been.jconfined to, her .home with the "flu,','is-able to be out again. 'j The Graded School will open"iMonday, 'unless "flu" conditions growfcrorsethan. they now are., The meeting at the ChristianChurch will continue through Sunday. Elder Helm is creating a goodimpression.t Mr. G-. P. Fisher has accepted aposition as salesman' for the Millersfurg Coal and Lumber Co., lately vacated by Mr. R. S. Letton.'j FOR SALE. A five-room residence in good condition, with water,Tprchard, garden and stable. Forfurther particulars call or addressMr. Harry Fay, Millersburg, Ky." (31-4t)V. At the W. C T. U. meeting SunMay evening forty-five young woken will put on a pageant scenerepresenting "Columbia" and the for-jty-fiveStates that have ratified thejprohibition constitutional amendment. Mrs, Frances Beauchamp, ofiDexington, will be present and deliver the principal address of thejevening. Short talks will be madefcy the . pastors t)f the MillersburgChurches. Rev. H. C. Morrison's enlargements in the South will preventSlim from, attending the celebration." " " ' ' " ' 'o '(Continued from Page 1)' Mrs. Ernest Harris is in Washington, D. C, to 'see her son, EnsignHarold Harris,, who is in the UnitedStates Naval service, H eis now inWashington on officiakbusiness connected with th.e servicer-.MATRIMONIAL.:-.A' marriage license was issuediWeSnesday from the office of CountyClerk. Pearce Paton to William E.Iiaater and Miss Ida Bell Patton,jbotfr of aear Paris.efiEST MEDICINEFOR WOMEN"What Lydia E. PinkhamVVegetable Compound DidFor Ohio Woman.Lawrence Hill, of Paris, writes- amember of THE NEWS staff as follows, from France, where he is stationed in the service with the 113thField Signal Battalion of the American Expeditionary Forces:Les Montils, France, A. P. O. 92&,Am. E. F.,"January 12, 1919."Dear 'Nunky First let me thankyou. for sending THE NEWS. Havereceived it right along and -the- lastissue was of December 13. Am nowwaiting impatiently for the next oneand hope it will arrive soon. Wassorry to learn of Captain Hutchcraft,but of course such things cannot behelped."Have had the best intentions ofwriting you long before this, butsqmehow or other just failed to do it.Forgive me this time, will you not?"This little town of Les Montils,in which we are now located, is justa few miles from Blois, and onlyabout thirty miles from the historicold town of Orleans. Have not visited either .jtface yet on account ofthe scarcity of francs, very good reason is it not? But if our 'Uncle ISam' will only give me another payday here, certainly do intend to goto Orleans. Sure would like to seeFaris, (I started to write France, yetif the truth were known, believe I'djust about-like to see Paris, Kentucky, as well.) However, don'tthing there is any chance to makeParis, France. Have given up hopeof that. Suppose all the folks thoughtwe were on our way home when the38 th Division started. Secerns as ifthe 38th forgot all about the 113 thField Signal Battalion and we arestill in France, with no idea of whenwe will start towards the' good old U.S. A, but hoping it will be P. D. Q."Was just wondering if Keller hadgotten home yet and into his 'civies.'If .he has, just tell him for pne thathe missed the time of his life, whenhe failed to come across. Champagnecan be bought for fifteen francs, orjust three of our perfectly good dol-lears, per quart now perhaps youV All WXJ.XXl.fW V11W ? ITU JL Ctrl J. J. UiVA Cftthis writing-r-well, maybe. And sayit is good stuff. The wine of course.not but wait, I didn't say athing about the Mademoiselle didI?TO-DAY, jffljM, JAN. 31Thos, H. Ince PresentsDOROTHY DALTONIN"Vive La France"Heroism of a Red Cross nurse is piertured in a gripping manner.Ruth Roland in 14th episode of"HANDS UP"Keystone Comedy, "Ambrose's Cupof Woe," and Animated Weekly.s0FEB. IGoldwyn PresentsRex Beach's TremcdousDrama of Redemption"Laughing Bill Hyde"iY. FEB.3ONLYSMILING BILL PARSONSIN"Billy's Fortune"AT THE ALAMOJesse L. Laskey PresentsLILAIN"Cruise of the Make-Believes"- Experts say this 16-year-old girl is thecoming star. Come to see her inCruise of the "Make-Believes" andfor yourself.Mack Sennett Comedy, "His Wife'sFriend," and Holmes Travelogue.mL.j. liejudgeEdward Van Leeuwe OrchestraADMISSION 22cGALLERY 15cChildren Under 12 Not Admitted.DEATHS.CAIN.Portsmouth, Ohio." I suffered fromirregularities, pains in my side and wasso weaK at nines jlcould hardly getIaround to do mywork, and as I hadfout in "my familyand three boardersit made it very hardfor me. Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compoundwas recommendedto me. I took itand it has restoredmy health. It iscertainly, the bestmecQcirie for woman's ailments I evermy." Mra. Sara Sr.vw, R. No. 1,Portsmouth, Ohio.Mrs. Shaw proved the merit of thisBiedicine and wrote this letter in orderthat other suffering women may findrelief as she did.Women who are suffering as she wasghoold not drag along from day to day'without giving this famous root andkerb remedy, Lydia E. Pinkham's VegetaWa Compound, a trial. For special.advice in regard to such ailments writeto Lydia E. Pinkham Medicine Co. , Lynn,Vase. The retult of its forty years.experience U at your service."To the present writing1 have onlymet one fellow from Paris, and thatwas just last night. Boy by nameof Whitridge. You know the fellowfrom Baltimore. Oscar Hinton married his sister. Have forgotten hisfirst name. He came over from another little town close by here andI happened to run across him. He isin an outfit that is preparing to comehome and should leave here soon, forthe States. Lucky jman. And nowsay while 4 think about it, if itshould come to, pass that 'Old Kentucky' goes dry while, I'm away layup two or three 'shots' for me, will3rou? Now, don't forget that, willyou,- please. Tell all the folks I'mwell and fine and hoping the old 'flu'passed the house of Hill, without astop. Am enclosing two little papersthat may interest you for a few minutes."LAWRENCE H. HILL."113th Field Signal Bn., Am. E. F."' : oCARJ) OF THANKS.We desire to thank all our friendswho were so good to us in. the lastillness of our mother, Mrs. MaryDykes. It being impossible for usto see everyone and thank them inperson, we take this method of extending our thanks to each and everyone. True friendship comes to the surface in times of trouble and trials,and we feel that we have been blessed in this way. May every blessingcome to those who were our comforters and friends in this sad hourof bereavement.THE FAMILY.The funeral of Mrs. NellieWoods Cain, aged about sixty-four,who died at her home on Higginsavenue, Tuesday morning, after ashrt illness of meningitis and hearttrouble, was held atthe Church ofthe Annunciation, in this city, yesterday (morning, at ten o'clock, withservices conducted by Rev. FatherEugene De Bruyn. The burial followed on the family lot in the ParisCemetery.The pall-bearers were Thomas P-.Woods,, Edward Woods, John Mallaney, Charles Peddicord, JamesBurke, John Connell and StampsMoore.Mrs. Cain's death was a peculiarlypad one, coming as it did, after aseries of troubles such as seldom fallto the lot of one family. That herdeath was directly due to worry overtbTe unfortunate death of her son,James Cain, who was killed in battlein France, in July of last year, hasbeen the unanimous verdict of herfriends. For almost four months sheanxiously awaited news from her son,who was a member of the AmericanExpeditionary Forces engaged on thebattle front in France.Writing to her regularly fromFrance young Cain's letters suddenlyceased, and for a period of over 'fourmonths nothing whatever was heardfrom him. Hope at first that shewould-soon receive a letterfrom himgave way to despair, and avTew weeksago a telegram was received from theWar Department at Washington conveying the sad news of his havingmade the supreme sacrifice on thebattlefield on July 26. Owing to thecritical ' condition of Mrs. Cain'shealth the news was withheldfrom her for a while, but her persistent inquiries compelled revealingthe truth when it could no longer beheld back. Her already weakenedheart could not stand the shock, andshe passed away, murmuring thename of her son.Mrs. Cain was a daughter of thelate Mr. and Mrs. Ned Woods, pioneer residents of Paris, who precededIher to the garve many years ago.Besides her husband, Mr. John P.Cain, she is survived by the following children: Miss Helen Cain,Thos. Cain, John Cain, Jr., and Jlobt.Cain, all residents of Paris; two sisters, Mrs. George Rassenfoss, of Mt.Sterling, and Mrs. Maggie Jacobs, ofParis, and two brothers, Thomas P.Woods and Mike L. Woods, of Paris.HllilMlUHHMtmHHIMMUIIMMM--.ji-MBHMHHBHBMThe J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMMRSParis Ky..Matin ,turut SixthStreetsDay phone 36INIsht x . . 56or Home 286Motor ecruJfNmnt.Ambulance calls promptly.Limousin Invalid Coach.attended to with, ourHearst used for funeral purposes only.bW slTBr.f a.aa...TTttm,mTtMttttHERRINGTONThe funeral of Mr. James Herrington, Jr., aged twenty-three, whodied at the Massie Memorial Hospital, after a brief illness of pneumonia, was held Tuesday morning,with services conducted at thegraveside in the Paris Cemetery, byRev. G. R. Combs, pastor of theParis Methodist church.Mr. Herrington is survived by-hisfather, Mr. James Herrington, twosisters, Mrs. Hattie Leonard, of thecounty, Mrs. Cora Hitch, of Covington, and three brothers, Harry.Luther and Walter Herrington, all, ofParis. ' fOGDEN.Mr. James Ogden, aged aboutthirty-five years, died Wednesday athis home in Winchester, after a longillness of tuberculosis. He was ason of the late Mr. and Mrs. J. W.Ogden, of Winchester. Mr. Ogdenwas a brother of Mr. Vernon Ogden,of Paris, who with six brothers andtwo sisters, survive him.The funeral was held at the residence on North Main street, inWinchester, yesterday morning, theinterment following in the Winchester Cemetery.COLLINS.The funeral of Mr. Carl C. Collins, aged twenty-one, who died Tuesday afternoon of pneumonia following influenza, at the home of hisparents, Mr. and Mrs. Chas. C. Collins, on the Clintonville pike, ,washeld yesterday morning in the Millersburg Cemetery, with servicesheld at the graveside.Mr. Collins is survived by his parents, Mr. and Mrs. Chas. C. Collins,two sisters, Misses Irene Collins andAlma Collins, and one brother, Arthur Collins.LONG.Funeral services for Mrs.Blanche Long, aged eighteen, whodied Tuesday morning of influenza ather home near Spears Mill, thiscounty, 'were conducted at the gravein the Paris Cemetery, Wednesdayafternoon by Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastorof the Paris Christian Church. $Mrs. Long was the wife ofMr.- William ."Loner, of SDears Mill. Tenmembers of the household are seriously ill of influenza.FREDERICKNancy May Frederick, agedfour years, daughter of Mr. and Mrs.Basil Duke Frederick, died at thehome of her parents, on the FrankRedmon farm, near Jackstown,Tuesday afternoon, of influenza. Thefuneral took place yesterday afternoon at two o'clock, with servicesconducted at the grave in -the ParisCemetery-, by. Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of the Paris Christian church.LINVILLE.The funeral. . of Mr. J. P. Linville, who died near Plum, in thiscounty Tuesday, of. apoplexy was heldin the Mt. Olivet Cemetery, Wednesday, with services conducted at thegraveside. Mr. Linville was sixtythree years old. He had been a resident of the Plum vicinity for severalyears, being engaged -in the. tobaccobusiness.NAYLESS.John Nayless, colored, who hasbeen a prominent figure in the lifeof Paris for many, years, died p.t hishome yesterday, after a long illness.Nayless operated a delivery- andtransfer service in Paris for yearsand was well-known to the businesspeople of Paris.COLLECTORS OFFICE MAYMAIN IN LEXINGTON.1LR-moving the office now at Lexingtoaand you will be given an opportunityto present your views on this subject before any action of this kind fataken."Sincerely yours,"CARTER GLASS,"Secretary."TRANSYLVANIA SCHOLARSHIPAS MEMORIAL TO BOUB-' BON BOYinFrom County to County15 Minutes ByTRACTION EXPRESSKy.Traction & Terminal Co.Secretary of the Treasury CarterGlass has notified the Board of Commerce, at Lexington, that the proposed removal of the internal revenue collector's office from Lexington,which, was postponed until July 1,will not again be considered withoutgiving the local commercial organization an opportunity to present itsclaims for the retention of the officein. that city.In response to a protest againstthe proposed action, Secretary Glassaddressed the following communication to the Commerce Board:"Lexington Board of Commerce,"Lexington, Ky."Gentlemen:"I acknowledge receipt of your telegram of the 28th inst., and have respectfully to inform you that the department does not contqmplate atthis time action looking to the removal of the office of -the collectorof internal revenue from Lexingtonto Frankfort, Ky."The Commissioner of InternalRevenue, in his annual report for thelast fiscal year, 'projected certainplans for the rearrangement of theinternal revenue collection districtsof the country, but it is not likelythat substantial progress will bemade in carrying out this nlan before the end of the forthcoming rushperiod in the internal revenue service, which will include practicallythe entire next six months.iNULe nits uetjii. jnaae oi your ' tr ff o 1 ij special interest in the questioirof ivy. iraCUOn OL I ermioaiCO.The memory of Harry Chinn,Eourbon county boy, son of Mr. andMrs. Harry Chinn, St., of -near Jacksonville, will be perpetuated in theshape of a scholarship in Transylvania University, at Lexington, 'wherethe young man was a student for anumber of years.Secretary Leslie Fimiell, of theUniversity, made the announcementyesterday that he had' obtained thegift of a scholarship, amounting to? 2,000, in memory of young Chinn,whose death occurred from Influenzacontracted while in the service atCnmp Zachary Taylor last fall. Thescholarship is the gift of his parents.After leaving school Mr. Chinn wasconnected with the J. D: Purcell Co.,in Lexington, a positron he resignedto enter the service of his country atCamp Taylor.Frequent Freight ServiceBY TRACTIONUNLOADINGQearanee Sale!Regardless of the prevailing high prices ofshoes we are compelledto unload and put onsale our high grade ofWomen's, Men's and Children's Shoes at RecordBreaking Marked Down Prices. Allbroken and discontinued lines at1-2 PRICEand in many instances even less.i-f-n13Just a Few of the Hundreds of Marked Down PricesLadies' Grey Bpots, Louis heel, d?o AtZbest quality, all sizes, $595 val 40.tOLadies' Mahogany English or Louis HeelBoots, with doth tops to match, o Ar$5.00 values, at pO.KJLadies' Mahogany Tan English a eyBoots, $6.00 values, at p.OULadies' Dark Grey Boots, all kid actops, Walk-Over, $9.00 values, at.. 0.aOLadies' Black English or Cuban do qaHeel Boots; $4.00 values, at y&.VVBroken Sizes, 1 QC.En.gl!!h.$4.50-$4.95Ladies' Assorted$5.00 values at...Men's Dark ,Tan$6.00 values atMen's G. M. English Walk-Over o A Cand other famous makes, $4.50 val. tyO&OMen's Gun Metal Lace, E. & J. A(makes, $4.00 values, at 349Boys' Gun Metal Lace, $2.50 val- fci 7ques at liJDon't Miss This Money - Saving Opportunity,Sale Now Going On.DANParis! Greatest Shoe StoreCOHENWhere Beauty and Economy Reign IIII.t-l T?t