'!?&V . f:tr?'Sf1 Th.-'--THE BOURBON NEWS-..'j&fo , - , . , , t . . ,-. rr, -njv,.i"ct j ;.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAH,, .' ,V v ' -iVOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1919-. - - . XJOUITG WOMAN MEETS DEATHTOPER TRAINEn route to Winchester to spendthe day with a girl friend, MissJosephine Prewitt, aged eighteen,daughter of William Prewitt, residing on the J. Frank Clay farm, between Paris and Winchester, met ahorrible death about seven o'clock,Wednesday morning, at Escondida.Miss Prewitt, carrying a heavysuit case and some other bundles,Itad gone to the station at Escondida, on the Louisville & Nashville,to await the train from the north,which was about due. When thetrain, No. 151, running from Cynthiana to Maloney, pulled in she startedto cross the track to enter the carfrom the opposite side. Severalmen standing near by called to herto stop, as she was in. a very dangerous position, but she apparently didnot hear them. Handicapped by theweight of the suit case and thebundles she was carrying MissPrewitt failed to judge the speed ofthe train and stumbled just as thewas endeavoring to get across thetrack. The oncoming train struckher, throwing her under the engine.The engine and two cars passed overher body before the train wasbrought to a standstill. The bodywas frightfully mangled . and thebundles torn to shreds. The accidentwas witnessed by a number of persons, among them two women whofainted at the dreadful sight meetingtheir view.Undertaker George R. Davis, ofParis, was notified, and went to Escondida, where he took charge of thebody and brought it to the undertaking establishment of George w.TQavis, in this city, where it was prepared for burial. The body wastaken to Montgomery county yesterday and interred in the old Prewittburying ground, with services conducted at the grave.The unfortunate young woman issurvived by her parents, Mr. andMrs. William Prewitt; two sisters,Mrs. Lillian Boggs, of Lexington,and Mrs. William Kincaid, of NorthMiddletown; three brothers, H. ClayPrewitt and Bryan Prewitt, ofBourbon county, and Ben Prewitt, ofMontgomery county.oSALES OF NEW TOBACCOMr. Wm. Ledford, of Carlise, purchased of H. B. Pence, a prominenttobacco grower of near North Middletown, one-half interest in a fiftyacre crop of tobacco, aggregating5,000 pounds, for 47 cents perpound. This is one of the earliestcrop sales so far reported.GFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSFALLSHOWINGOFCOATSSUITSDRESSESSKIRTSWAISTSzv viFRANKLADIES' OUTFITTERSAutomobileSPECIAL SCHOOL TAX CARRIESBY LARGE VOTE.In the special election held for thepurpose of taking the sense of thevoters of the Millersburg district asto the matter of voting a special taxfor school purposes, only two voteswere cast against it, out of a total of105 votes. The tax will be for threeyears, and will be assessed at therate of twenty-five cents on each$100 worth of property listed forState and county purposes. It isproposed to erect and maintain, aschool building costing $35,000, toaccommodate over two hundred pupils. The vote taken on a similar proposition for the Center-Hill schooldistrict for one year was defeated bya vote of 32 to 16. SuperintendentJ. B. Caywood will endeavor to raisethe money needed for the purpose bytaking up private subscriptions.Saturday will be the first pay dayfor the teachers of the countyschools. One teacher each is neededin the Millersburg and the CenterHill schools. The new teacher selected to teach the Mcllvaine schoolcould not get board in a reasonabledistance of her work, and sent in herresignation.BANK INSTALLING MAMMOTHSAFETY VAULT DOOR.A mammoth burglar and fire-proofvault door, made of manganese steeland reinforced concrete, is being installed in the Peoples Deposit Bank& Trust Co.'s rooms, at the corner ofMain and Fourth streets. To installthe door, which weighs 23,000J pounds, it was necessary to tear outa portion of the side wall of thebuilding. The mammoth door is circular in shape, and is designed to fitin place as accurately as the case ofa watch. In another place in thisissue is shown a half-tone cut of thebig door, which will give an idea ofits appearance.oPOLITICAL COMMENT ON BOURBON CANDIDATEThe Cynthiana Democrat says:"The withdrawal of the Republicancandidate for the Legislature inBourbon county in the interest ofthe State ticket' shows that theRepublicans have no hope of carrying the Legislature or putting theirplatform pledges, whatever they areworth, into effect. The whole planis to land Morrow in the Governor'soffice and make a gerat ado beforethe nation about "carrying Kentucky." x'& CO.'DeliveryTHE CONTEST FOR NATIONALBASEBALL HONORSThe Cincinnati Reds lost the gameat Cincinnati, Tuesday, with, theChicago White Sox through overconfidence, and carelessness, after theyapparently had the game won. Thescore stood 4 to 0 in the fourth inning. Reuther went to pieces andwas replaced by Ring. Kerr pitchedfor Chicago. The White Sox scoredone run in the fifth, three in thesixth and won out in the tenth, thefinal score being 5 to 4.The White Sox defeated the Redsin Wednesday's game by the score of4 to l. Tiie Reds used Sallee, Fisher and Luque as pitchers, whileCicotte "came back" for the Chicagoclub, after having been twice defeated. The Reds made one run inthe sixth inning. The White Soxkept hammering away until theyclosed the game with a total of fourruns to their credit.Cincinnati practically and effectually cinched the championship in thegame with Chicago yesterday afternoon, when the score stood 10 to 5at the close of the ninth inning. Thebatteries in the deciding game wereWilliams, James, Schalk and Wilkerson, for Chicago; Eller and Raridan,for Cincinnati. It has been au up-and-downcontest all the waythrough, both teams seesawing firstone way and then the other. Thesympathies and hopes of Parisianshave been all along with the Cincinnati team, and now that the Redshave been returned . the winners ofthe world's championship Paris fanssay, "Hail to the victors!"o"THE WOMANLESS WEDDING."Rehearsals are already well underway for the performance of "TheWomanless Wedding," which will bepresented at the Grand Opera House,in this city, on the evening of Wednesday, October 15. This refreshinglittle comedy will be given under theauspices of the Bourbon County Federation of Woman's Clubs. The principal characters in the comedy willbe taken by prominent young menof the city and county, who are being drilled in their parts.These young men will impersonatebride, bridegroom, flower girls andall the usual impedimenta of a fashionable wedding, also well-knownand popular movie stars. Precedingthe wedding there will be a shortgarden scene in which local talentwill appear.This comedy -has been given withsucces in a "number of surroundingtowns. During the world -war, thepromotor of "The Womanless Wedding," Miss Clementine Miller,raised the sum of $15,000 for RedCross work -with this delicious littlecomedy.The presentation in Paris is to bein the nature of a benefit, the moneythus secured to be devoted to securing nameplates to be placed on thetrees erected in the grove in theParis Cemetery as memorials to theBourbon county soldiers and sailorswho gave their lives in the cause ofliberty. This grove is composed oftwenty-four trees planted in thesouthern corner of the cemetery, andwhich were set out and dedicatedwith simple and impressive ceremonies last April by the Federation ofClubs.The following young women willact as patronesses and manage thepreliminaries for the comedy:Misses Nancy Griffith, CarolynRoseberry, Ollie Butler, Mildred Collins, Katherine Weathers; MesdamesRobert Ferguson, John Yerkes,Wade H. Whitley, E. F. Prichard,Oscar T. Hinton, Katherine DavisCraig, Woodford Daniel, Amos Tur-Jiey, Jr., XX. SX. rosier, JJimuiMeinertz, Duncan Bell, J. W. tfaconand Denis Dundon.. oNATIONAL DEMOCRATIC LEADERTO SPEAK IN STATEHomer D. Cummins, Chairman ofthe Democratic National Committee,is coming to Kentucky to spend aweek speaking in the campaign.Chairman Cummins' Kentucky itinerary includes meetings at Louisville, Frankfort, Owensboro, Henderson, Princeton, Paducah, Murrayand Mayfield.Chairman Rodman W. Kennon, ofthe Speakers' Bureau of the Democratic Campaign Committee, gaveout the following itinerary for Chair,- jman Cummins:nntnhpr 15. Frankfort, afternoon:T n.iiotrillc Tlierhr OO.t.Oher 16.Owensboro, afternoon; Henderson,night. October 17, Princeton, afternoon; Paducah, night. October 18,Murray, afternoon; Mayfield, night.o .GO TO CHUHCl SUNDAYTt is earnestly requested that everyman, woman and child in Paris andBourbon county go to church andSunday school of their choice nextSunday. It should be rememberedthat about a year ago all the churches were closed by reason of the influenza epidemic and that they were notDgain opened for several weeks. Sofar we have had no recurrence ofthat dread disease, and everyoneshould show their appreciation andthankfulness to the Giver of all goodby being in their places in the churchand the Sunday school next Sunday.-oTWO DIE IN $1,500,000 BALTIMORE EIREThe plant of the Standard GuanoCompany at Curtis Bay, a suburb ofBaltimore, was partly destroyed byfire of unknown origin and, two negroworkmen lost their lives. An officialof- the company estimated the loss at$1,500,000.REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSWednesday, Harney & Dotson, ofCynthiana, sold for Harney, Cleveland & Lail, of Harrison county, theWagoner farm of 151 acres nearEwalt's Cross Roads, in Bourboncounty, to Jos. Florence, of Beaver,Harrison county, for $350 an acre, atottal of $53,025.Redmon Talbott, of near NorthMiddletown, bought privately Wednesday from Mrs. Hiram Carpenter,of California, through local representatives, a tract of land located onthe Harrods Creek pike, containing95.85 acres, for about ?300 an acre.The Maysville Bulletin, of Tuesday, says: ' 'A. Gillispie, of Wedonia,sold a farm of ninety-one acres toHeflin Bros., of Bourbon county, for$200 an acre. This farm has beensold several times in the past fewyears and each time the price peracre has gone higher."Mr. Harry L. Mitchell, oMhe Harris & Speakes real estate firm, ofParis, sold privately, Wednesday, forEdward Pribble, the 102 acre farmlocated on the Leesburg and Oxfordpike, in Scott county, for $170 anacre, to W. M. Perkins, of Georgetown, for immediate possession.The sale was made while Ford &Wood,, of Georgetown, were conducting the public sale of the J. A. Pribble farm, just across the pike.The Gilt Edge farm of 547 acres,located near Paris, belonging to theheirs of John T. Hinton, offered atpublic -sale Tuesday, was withdrawnaf;ter being bid to $295 an acre. Thesale had been extensively advertisedespecially in THE BOURBON NEWS.The real estate firm of Harris &Speakes, wit.h George D. Speakesacting in the capacity of auctioneer,had charge of the sale. There was alarge crowd in attendance, and thebidding was active up to the time itwas decided to, withdraw the property from the market.The real estate firm of Bond &Buckley, of Versailles, conducted thepublic sale 1 yesterday, of the232 acre farm belonging to tne estate of the late I. F. Willmott. Thefarm, lying on the Bryant Stationpike, three-fourths of a mile fromHutchison, was sold by the executorof the estate, Mr. I. S. Willmott, toMr. E. R. Kelley, of Fayette county,for $240 an acre. At the same timesix shares of the capital stock of theFirst National Bank of Paris wassold to Mr. M. R. Jacoby, of Hutchison, for $279.50 a share, and threeshares of the same stock to Mr. JamesWillmott, for $283.50 a share. Thissale was advertised in THE BOURBON NEWS.The sale of the I. D. Thompsonfarm of 170 acres, located on theClintonville pike, near Paris, washeld yesterday morning, conductedby the real estate firm of Harris &Speakes, with George D. Speakes asauctioneer. Despite the rain ' andthe threatening weather there was agood crowd of bidders on hand, andthe bidding was spirited. The farm,after a lively tilt between opposingbidders, was sold to Mr. J. FrankClay and Mr. J. J. Haggard, for anaverage of $293.50 an acre, or a totalof $49,895. After the sale the property was divided amongthe two purchasers, Mr. Haggard taking theplace containing the residence, andfifty acres, on which he has been residing, and Mr. Clay taking the remainder, 120 acres, which adjoinsthe land he already owns. The homeplace secured by Mr. Haggard is wellimproved, with a three-room cottage,stock and tobacco barn?, etc.Following the sale of the farmproperty the Thompson residence onDuncan avenue, a handsome twostory brick, one of the houses builtyears ago by the late Mr. Jerry Duncan for his daughters, was placed onsale, at 2: 30 p. m. There was a largecrowd on hand. After some livelybidding the home was purchased byMrs. Matthew Kenney, of the county,for $9,325. Possession will be givenwithin the next thirty days. The lothas a frontage of 100 feet on Duncan avenue and a depth of 237 feet.The home is one of the best in thecity.REGISTRATION FIGURES SHOWDEMOCRATIC MAJORITYWithout either party, manifestingany decided activity in getting voters to register Tuesday, the Democrats secured a majority of 350 inthe registration for the coming Stateelection in November.The registered vote showed thefollowing totals in the six precincts: Democrats, 976, Republicans, '626. Seventeen women registered, 13 as Democrats, two as Republicans and two as Independents.Compared with the registered votein 1915, four years ago, when Stanley and Morrow were opposing candidates for Governor, the Democratsshow a gain of 78 and the Republicans a gain of 138.ANDY'GOREY LOSES VALUABLEYEARLINGThe brown yearling colt by Marathon, dam 111 Will, by Six Dixon,owned by A. J. Gorey, of Covington,and trained by T. L. "Price, diedTuesday at the Kentucky JockeyClub track, the result of intestinaltrouble. The colt was insured for$5,000, and was considered a goodracing prospect.EVERETT PETERSON RESIGNS ASL. & N. CONDUCTORCaptain Everett Peterson, wellknown L. & N. conductor, whose runwas between Maysville and Lexington, has purchased one-half interestin the Maysville Buick Co., and inpartenership with the present manager, Mr. Elmer Beckett, will enter inbusiness in Maysville.Captain Peterson has made hishome in Maysville for the past threeyears, and has a large number ofacquaintances and a host of friendshere who will be glad to welcomehim as a permanent resident of thiscity. Business men of " the type ofMr. Peterson are a welcome additionto the Maysville business world.Maysville Independent.Capt. Peterson and his estimablewife were residents of Paris formany years. He has been with theLouisville & Nashville twenty-oneyears, and was one of the most popular men who ever handled a train.THE NEWS congratulates Maysvillepeople.The L. & N. for many years hasreserved the right to select thepassenger conductors without regardto length of service, and in this wayCapt. Peterson was advanced overthe heads of thirty-five freight conductors. Under a new and recentagreement with the Government,however, the rule of seniority is tobe observed, which would take Capt.Peterson off the passenger serviceand put him in charge of a freighttrain. He didn't care to make thechange, and his resignation followed.NEW TONSORIAL EIRM.Walker Demett, who has been inthe barbering business in Paris forthe past twenty-one years, and Lucien Johnson, who has been in thebusiness in this city for nine years,and many years before that in otherplaces, have formed a partnershipin conducting the business at Demett's old stand, No. 120 Tenthstreet, near the Louisville & Nashville passenger station.We submit the following scale ofprices for the benefit of prospectiveand present customers: Shave, 15cents; hair cut, 35 cents; massage,25 cents; Shampoo, 25 cents, hirsinge, 25 cents; hair tonic, 10 cents.We guarantee to give you as goodwork as any shop in the city. , Wewill be open early and desire yourpatronage.WALTER DEMETT,LUCIEN JOHNSON.(10-tf)oTHE BEST INSURANCE.Insure your tobaCCO in thebarn against Fire and Windstorm withYERKES & PEED,Farmers & Traders Bank.(aug!5-tf)WE KNOW HOWIn Presenting Our ClothesFor this Season We HaveReason For CongratulationsWere there any better clothesanywhere we would have them.But, truly, no better .lines aremade as yet. Because hereare garments more exalted inpurpose, more refined in fabrics,more accentuated in style, moreexcelling and compelling in manyways than we have thought possible.ForInstanceYou have only to get a glimpseof our stunning two-button,double-breasted suits to realizethat you have the last word inFabricFashionand Fit ?They will wear well, tooourword for it.MITCHELL &Stetson HatsManhattan ShirtsOLD PARISIAN TELLS AJTCIEKBASEBALL BISTORTWhile a group of Paris men werediscussing the world's series gamesthe other day, one of their number.who has progressed, far along thejourney of life, contributed the following bit of ancient baseball history for Paris:"In the spring days of 1868, somesmall boys were underneath a freightcar near Paris, on the old KentuckyCentral road, now the Louisville &Nashville, cutting for four or fivedays the springs of one of thewheels, which were made then ofrubber, which was wrapped tightlywith cord and yarn, and then covered with leather. This was the firstbaseball ever used in Taris, to mycertain knowledge, for I was one ofthe lads who helped to make it, andI guess I ought to know."The first baseball club I can remember was called the Paris Waver-leys, composed of boys of about myage, at that time, and the first gameplayed in Paris that I can rememberwas played between this club and a.club from Mt. Sterling. This gamewas played on the old mill lot nearthe Billy Shaw flour mill, on thebanks of Stoner, now the Paris Milling Company. And it was a greataffair, as baseball went in thosedays. Not many of the members ofeither teams are alive to-day, I suppose. I can recall seeing this game,as the pitchers pitched the ball withan underhand throw. It was called'town ball' then, very different fromthe way the game is played to-day."o"PL0-IT0" AT PARIS GRAND TONIGHT. Every now and then a real musical play comes along that is distinctly worth-while for the theatregoer. Sometimes the difficulty is tosift the good from the bad, for allare more or less effusively announced in advance. The only assurance,is in the responsibility and reputation of the management and thenewspaper reviewers in other cities.John Cort will offer his latestmusical comedy sensation , entitled"Flo-Flo," for approval here. Mr.Cort has always stood for the bestand the most artistic things in thetheatre. In producing "Flo-Flo" hehas spared no pains in having- thecast and production as nearly perfectas possible.HNE TOBACCO.Mr. David C. Parrish, a prominentfa.rmpr nf thfi p.rmtv -when In Parisfarmer of the county, when they willbacco, one of which, the first cuttingof the crop, turned out 1,400sticks to the acre, and the second,the sucker crop, which he estimateswill yield 800 pounds an acre. Thisis now being cut and housed.BLAKEMORENettleton ShotsDr. Rttd's Cushfen Sott ShttsI5V -iJvrit AGE TWO-v Yff3W THE BOURBON HEWS, PABIS, KENTUCKY ,FRIDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1919IUE BOURBON NEWSittblished 1881 37 Years of Continuous Publication.fubHshed Every Tuesday and Pndayf?er Year. . $2.00 6 Months..? 1.00Payable in Adavance.IWIFT CHAMP. Editor and Owner.atered at the Paris, Kentucky,Poetofflce as Mall Matter of theSecond Glass.)avs.TDEMOCRATIC TICKET.Por Governor:! TJames D. Black.For Lieutenant Governor:"W. H. Shanks.For Secretary of State:' Mat S. Cohen.' " Tor Auditor of Public Accounts :1 T.Henry M. Bosworth.Eor Attorney General:r Frank B. Daugherty.' Tor Clerk of the Court of Appeals:John A. Goodman.Tor Superintendent of Public Instruction: L. E. Foster.Tor Commissioner of Agriculture:-John W. Newman., Tor Representative:' James H. Thompson.TOR COUNCILMENPirst Ward:J. H. Moreland, N. F. Brent, JohnJ. Williams.Second Ward:T 'TEclward Burke."Hugh Brent.Catesby Spears.Third Ward:George Doyle.ryEDITOBIAL MUSINGS.- r , ;J ... .ijAbout Advertising;wmtyjST vsAdvertising is a legitimate part of-a newspaper's stock in trade, andsomething to be paid for like anyother commodity. Some persons inevery community need education on.ihis subject.The more rural and locally ther more contracted the ideas of the ap-- plicant and the more he feels at lib-erty to ask for free advertising thatshall contribute to something which" he is interested in. Thus it often"happens that people will request anotice of their entertainment out of-which they propose to make money,.-provided they can get the notice.-without paying for it. The chances-aTe that the persons asking suchfavors of a newspaper have been tozsomeother printing office to get-thein circulars and their tickets-printed not for nothing, however.They can understand that the advertising which the circulars and.-such afford is to be paid for, but theydo not fully comprehend why a newspaper should not notice and benefitxtheir speculation without charging:for it.These remarks are preliminary to-the "statement of a business principle which prevails in all regulatednewspaper offices, and which is basedon principles of equity. It is this:"Whatever a newspaper publishes thatis calculated to put money into thecoffers of an individual or to further-.the interest of his business in any"way, the newspaper is entitled topay for its service. That is the long- and short of the principle. A newspaper must have a revenue from its. advertising just as much as the baker must have pay for his bread. Thisone is as piuch a stock in trade ashe other and in large cities this isrinderstood and every bit of space in- the city papers is well paid for. It is jundoubtedly true that in some small-places 4n the country, feeble newspapers -yield to the kind of spongingreferred to. In such places there are'always persons who think the wholenewspaper establishment is at their"!ck and command if they take oneopyr of the weekly paper.4 Bo It Now.The short -days are close at handwhen- cold winds will sweep over thejface of the city, and it behooves mento think of Christmas, now ratherfar off, and also the matter of providing a supply of winter fuel. Wehave said it in bygone seasons, andwe repeat it here: Do your Christmas Shopping Early!Make up a list of persons to whomyou intend to present gifts and thengo and buy these gifts. Lay thejmaway, and when Christmas comeshand them out. The stores are nowdoing a big business, but as thegreat holiday season approachesthey will be more crowded than theyare at present. Therefore, you willhave no better opportunity than nowto buy presents.Give with a cheerful heart; bearing in mind that "The Lord lovetha cheerful giver." Spare v not thecoin. If you give a man, woman orchild anything, let it be somethingof value, ornamental or useful. Don'tbe a miser on this occasion.Remqmber that two years ago private houses and other places werewithout heat, due to a variety ofcauses, mostly due to a break in thegas mains. The unforehanded werecold and their families suffered.Now is the time to lay in good storesof fuel. There is plenty to be had,and the dealers are urging the citizens to buy now, as it will be easierto deliver. When the first blast ofcold comes and the snow falls, thecoal men will have their hands full.If you would be comfortable nextwinter order your coal now. Don'tdepend entirely on natural gas!oSNAKE COILED ABOUT LEG OFSKIVING HOUSEReturning to his home on the BigHill pike, near Richmond, DouglasChenault noticed a driving mareacting peculiarly. He investigatedand found that a large snake wascoiled about one of her hind legs,just below the knee. The mare waswalking along in the grass at theside of the pike, with the snake securly coiled and apparently enjoyingits ride. The mare seemed to realizesomething was radically wrong forshe stamped as if trying to dislodgethe serpent. She had no success until she stepped out into the middleof the hard pike, when it appeared asif the snake's head struck a rock.The reptile's body uncoiled quickly,it lay stunned, and Mr. Chenaultkilled it It was a yellow splotchedserpent, about four feet long, and isthought to have been of the cowsucker variety.o"DANDERINE" PUTSBEAUTY IN HAIRGirls! A mass of longthick, gleamy tressesLet "Danderine" save your hairand double its beauty. You can havelots of long, thick, strong, lustroushair. Don't let it stay lifeless, thin,scraggy or fading. Bring back itscolor, vigor and vitality.Get a 35-cent bottle of delightful"Danderine" at any drug or toiletcounter to freshen your scalp; checkdandruff and falling hair. Yourhair needs this stimulating tonic;then its life, color, brightness andabundance will return Hurry!(adv)oThe fellow who is known as a diamond in the rough may develop intoa pretty smooth customer.Love is blind. Many a fellowasks for a girl's hand without evenknowing what size glove she wears.Truck and Cars ForHireServiceable truck and cars for hireat reasonable rates. Taxicab serviceday and night.S. R. HUDNALL,Both Phones. At Ruggles Garage.iawleigh's All Medicine Hog MixtureQuality First; Results Assured.Try 100 pounds. Money refunded ifnot satisfied. Cost one-fifth of a centper average dose.Call Cumberland Phone 487; HomePhone 256, for further information.M. 0. BIDDLE,The Rawleieh Man.(8aug-tf3Notice!SBsk Vvs-mSk JmK bAll persons having claims againstthe estate of W. J. Kiser, deceased,are requested to present same, properly proven as required by law, tothe undersigned.Persons knowing themselves indebted to said estate of W. J. Kiser,deceased, are likewise requested tocall on the undersigned and settlesaid indebtedness promptly.FRANK P. KISER, Adm'r.,W. J. Riser's Estate.(3-4t Fri)II llg1-Dingy. Dis-i $mBrkicolored Complexions Become Clear andWhite after athorough cleansing,an application ofWhitening Cream eachnight and the penetratingMARINELLO-' BLEACH MASK cemployed at frequent intervalsremoves all traces of tan.Sample of Whitening CreamFree atM. A. PATONPhbsa 1010516 MainBELGIAN KING- SEES MIDDLEWEST FIRST TIMENEAR ASTABULA, O., Oct. 7.King Albert, from the windows ofthe sleeping car this Tuesday morning got his first glimpse of the Middle West.At midnight his train stopped atAbmyo, a siding of the New YorkCentral railroad, ten miles east ofAshtabula.At 8 o'clock his train resumed itsjourney, passing slowly throughCleveland on its way to Toledo, thehome of Brand Whitlock, Americanambassador to Belgium.The king will make a speech fromthe steps of the public library in Toledo about 1 o'clock, immediately entraining for Chicago, which he willreach at 8:30 p. m.oYou never can tell. It's easyenough to put up a bluff, but ,faithmoves mountains.An OrdinancePROVIDING FOR RESURFACINGMAIN STREET, BETWEENSIXTH AND SEVENTH STREETSIN THE CITY OF PARIS, KY.CITY HALL, PARIS, KY.,September 25, 1919.BE IT ORDAINED, by the Mayorand Board of Council of the Citv ofParis, that,WHEREAS,, L. W. Johnson on the17th day of July, 1914, entered intoa contract with the City of Paris bywhich he undertook and bound himself to resurface with bitulithic paving Main Street from Tenth to BankRow, and to jmaintain the same for aperiod of five years from the completion and acceptance of same free ofall defects occurring therein by reason of defective workman-ship andmaterial, and,WHERAS, within said period offive years from the completion andacceptance of said street many defects appeared in that portion of saidstreet lying between Sixth and Seventh Streets in the City of Paris,and,WHEREAS, said L. W. Johnsonand his surety, The Aetna Accidentand Liability Company were notifiedin writing within said period of fiveyears of such defects, and,WHEREAS, said L. W. Johnsonand his surety, The Aetna Accident& Liability Company have failed andrefused to put said street in properrepair because of such defectiveworkmanship and material, and,WHEREAS, it has become necessary to resurface said portion of saidstreet;NOW, THEREFORE BE IT ORDAINED, that said street be resurfaced with bitulithic of the samekind and character of material withwhich said L. W. Johnson undertook and bound himself to resurfacesaid street.(2) BE IT FURTHER ORDAINED,that the City Engineer be and he ishereby instructed to prepare plansand specifications for said work andfile a copy of same in the office of theClerk of the Board of Council.(3) BE IT FURTHER ORDAINED,that said work be let to the lowestand best bidder and the Clerk is directed to advertise for bids for twoconsecutive weeks in the official publications of the City of Paris.(4) The Mayor is directed to receive bids for said work in openCouncil at eight o'clock p. m'., onThursday, October 9, 1919.(5) Each bidder shall be requiredto make his bid upon blanks to befurnished by the City Engineer andshall accompany his bid with a certified check for a sum equal to 5 ofthe total amount of his bid. Thechecks of the unsuccessful bidderswill be returned ijmmediately afterthe letting and the check of the successful bidder shall be retained untilsuch bidder has entered into a writv A M.ft JjLw j-aiten contract for the faithful performance of his contract, according to theplans and specifications and executed a bond with good and approvedsecurity guaranteeing such performance, at which time his check will bereturned. Upon his failure to execute such contract and bjond the sumso deposited shall be retained by thecity as liquidated damages. AU inchchecks shall be made payable to theorder of W. W. Mitchell, City Treasurer. This ordinance shall take effectfrom and after its passage and publication as required by law.E. B. JANUARY,. Mayor.Attest:J.' W. HAYDEN.'cierk.(sept30-4t)Room For RentNicely - furnished bedroom, onsecond floor of the Robneel Apartments, at corner of Main and Eighthstreets. Cumberland Telephone No.885.MRS. MAGGIE R. McCINTOCK.(3-tf)Room For RentNicely-furnished front room inApartment 1, third floor of the Robneel building, at corner of Main andEighth streets. Steam-heat andbath. Business man preferred.MRS. J. T. CLARK.(30-tf)Census Clerks WantedCensus Clerks, (men, women) 4,000 needed. $95 month. Age 18 to50. Exeperience unnecessary. Examinations at Paris, Oct. 18. Forfree particulars, write J. Leonard(former Government Examiner) 945Equity Building, Washington.(23-tf)Steinway Pianos.Mr. H. C. McKim, of Cincinnati,representing the Steinway, is inParis, stopping at the Y. M. C. A.He will be glad to communicate withthose desiring Steinway instrumentsor player-pianos. (26-tf)Administrator's Notice!All parties knowing themselves indebted to the estate of the late Mrs.Elene Curtis, will please call andsettle with the undersigned. Thosehaving claims against said estatewill present same, proven accordingto law, for payment.PEOPLES DEPOSIT BANK &TRUST CO.(7-3wks) Administrators.FOR SALEHigh Grade Tobacco FarmsLimestone Farms that jtrow tho highest quality of tobacco on Stone Pikes, -within 10 miles ofLouisville at prices ranging from 175.00 to 1150.00per acre. This land grows from 1500 to 2500pounds of Light Burloy tobacco to the acre. Ourcrops invariably bring tho highest prices on theLouisville market. During the pait year we havesold practically a million dollars worth of farmproperty to Kentuckians and tio sale was eyermade by us whero the purchaser sold at a I033 oreven for the price paid.Come to Jeff crsonville and let us show you whatwe have. You will be under no obligations.Voight Insurance & Realty Co.JeffersonviUe, Ind.Phone 18 - Voisht Bldg.(oct3-4t) riiwmraYour Store in Cincinnati-TT is only by a constant, consistent study of the public requireA ments, that a store can become a successful public servant.And serving the1Tservice, wnicn must include a distribution of commodities, atthe fairest price consistent with good merchandise.This Store Cincinnati's Greatest has always served the public to thefullest extent. Right now, when there is so much seeming unrest, when thecommunity -and country and world are finding themselves right now,there is justification for us to assert what thousands of people already know'that this store best fits with present day living conditions.We are facing facts; talking facts; thinking facts. Fostering the trade of acommunity for twenty-two years implies an obligation. We would bebreaking faith with our customers, of four States, if we did not run thisStore in their interest.People of Ohio, Kentucky, Indianaand West Virginia, know this. We takethis opportunity to reaffirm our policy to recommit ourselves to the public.When you come to Cincinnati, make free use of our rest room, and parcelchecking desk. Ask us for what information you need about the City; itsTheatres; its Stores, and its Parks.gejfclblet and (aWV(d.CINCINNATI GREATEST.STORE, FOUNDED 1677;rFor Sale-One sewing machine, as good asnew has all improvements. Alsonew Sanitary Davenport, never used.Inquire at this office. (3-2t)SMALLPUBLICAs agents we will sell for Mrs. Mary Crim, on the premises on theHaley pike, two miles from Avon, nine miles from Lexington, ten milesfrom Paris and eight miles from Winchester, her splendid farm of 105acres, onTuesday, October 14At 10 O'clock A. M.Contains seven-room house, seven-acre tobacco barn, cistern, meathouse, ice house and all necessary outbuildings in good repair. It has agood orchard and is well watered and fenced. 75 acres in grass, the remainder in a high state of cultivation and all of the farm is good tobacco land. This is one of the best small farms in Central Kentucky,improvements, location and quality of land considered.Corn on the farm will make four bushels to the shock and an offer of80 cents per pound has been made and refused for the crop of tobacco.AT THE SAME TIME AMD'PLACE THE LIVE STOCK ON THE PLACEWILL BE SOLDconsisting of four high grade Shorthorn cows, 8 home-raised two-year-oldfeeders, several heifers and calves and one-half interest in 20 acres ofcorn.TERMS Liberal and made known on day of sale.MES. MAEY CHIM.Harris & Speakes, Agents, or W. L. dim will show the place to prospective purchasers.L. B. HARRIS,Business Manager.(7-10).jgjJ3ttiSi;ggffJlgggfSCoal Coal Coal frHave You Talked WithCOLLIER BROS,About Your Winter Coal?Offfl ce Opposite Paris Tobacco Cumberland Phone 997Warehouse Home Phone 257raTMM.,!...,!.!a&)BaBflflffliM IBlBMiBBlBSIa'ii JtfimpwBWPMapublic in these modern, and. . .-. ,. .- ?LostOne pair Slack Blocks, in Shaw-aan neignDornood. Reasonableward if returned tore-PARIS HOME TELEPHONE CO(30-tf)ATAUCTION !COL. GEO. D. SPEAKES,Auctioneer.asaggssaggaaaggaiiJFIgJJMIIITTWlffJTlfritilenochal times iis aXFARMdoee at hand or at least not sp very JFRIDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1919THE BOTOBOH 1HCW& PAHS, jmi'DUPMGETirjn8'Jill CBERBY-BLOSSM LANDThe Japanese Give Good ExampleIt is a proverb of CherryBlossom Landthat beauty offace and figure dependon womanlyhealth.What is itthat makes oujrAmerican women often pale;Sallow-fnpr1with dark rir-cles under the? eyes, and veryoiten old atforty-five whenthev should bein their prime?Women suffer in girlhoodtrom backache, spine-ache and headaches, followedfry irregularities and as a result diseasesof the womanly organs are more commonthan any one -but a physician in activepractice could suppose.After long experience in the treatmentof women's diseases, Dr. Pierce evolved avegetable tonic and corrective which hecalled Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription.This is a purely vegetable preparation,without a particle of alcohol containedin it."When a woman complains of backache;dizziness or pain when everything looksblack before her eyes a dragging feeling,or bearing-down, with nervousness, sheshould turn to this "temperance" herbaltonic. It can be obtained in almost everydrug store in the land and the ingredientsare printed in plain English on thevi L ' M ml l itsSl HlMrwl M I WBjim i immH 1 B IBHl f :m 1 I iiXwrapper. Put up in tablets or liquid.Dr. Pierce, of Invalids' Hotel, Buffalo,N. Y.. will send a trial size of thetablets for ten cents.ODDITIES OF CALENDARThe month of January always begins on the same day of the weekas October and the same is true ofApril and July, September and December. February, March and November also begin on the same day ofthe week. This, however, is onlytrue in normal years of 365 days. Acentury can never begin on Wednesday, Friday or Saturday. Furthermore, the ordinary year ends on thesame day of the week as that onwhich it begins.EPISCOPAL CHUECH PLANS REVISIOH OF PBAtER fifiOX.Revision of the Book of CommonPrayer of the Episcopal church,adoption of a new canon, touchingchurch unity, and revision of thecanon on. matrimony are three of themost important matters to bebrought to the attention of the delegates at the terminal convention ofthe church that opened in Detroit,Mich., October 8. It is anticipatedthat upwards of 3,000 delegates andmany of the leading churchmen ofthis and other countries will attendthe convention, which will last twoweeks or longer. The proposed revision, of the canon on matrimonywould make it impossible for anEpiscopal clergyman to remarry divorced persons, even the innocentparty to a divorce.NAME "BAYER"MEANS ASPIRINIS GENUINEWHERE THRE'S A BABY ON THEFAUM KEEP, RAT-SNAPKissing either wife or child was apunishable offense in England in theSeventeenth century.Rats are on most farms. Oncethey get inside the house look- out.Rats kill infants biting them is notunusual. JNursing bottles attractrats. Break a cake of RAT-SNAPand throw it around. It will surelyrid you of rats and mice. Threesizes, 25c, 50c, $1.00. Sold andguaranteed by the Farmers' SupplyCompany.(oct-adv)oWINCHESTER SOLDIER HELDPRISONER IN SIBERIAWINCHESTER, KY., Oct. 7.Capt. Lindsay Pogue John?, whowas arrested in Siberia bv Cossackswith Corn. ifen'amin oterlinsy. is aresident of Winchester, being a sonof Mr. and Mrs J G. Johns. He hasbeen in the regular army seven years,having been stationed for a numberof years in the Phillippinues. Whilethere he won distinction for his fearless activity in the fight on the cholera epidemic The records of theWar Department say of him. "Hestands high for morality and efficiency." Last January Capt. Johnswas reported dead in Siberia.WILL YOU SAVE 50c ON RATSNAP TO SAVE $100?One 50c package can kill 50 rats.The average rat will rob you of $10a year in feed, chicks and propertydestruction. RAT-SNAP is deadly torats. Cremates after killing.Leaves no smell. Comes in cakes.Rats will pass up meat, grain,cheese -to feast on RAT-SNAP. Threesizes, 25c, 50c, $1.00. Sold andguaranteed by the Farmers' SupplyCompany.(oct-adv)ForToothache, Neuralgia, Pain,Colds, Headache!U3& AYou want relief quickly and safely! Then insist on "Bayer Tablets ofAspirin," stamped with the "BayerCross."The name "Bayer" means you aregetting genuine Aspirin prescribed byphysicians for over eighteen years,and proved safe by millions of people. For a few cents you can get ahandy tin box of genuine "BayerTablets of Aspirin," containingtwelve tablets. Druggists also selllarger "Bayer" packages. Aspirin isthe trade mark of Bayer Manufacture of Monaceticacidester of Salicylicacid. (adv)oRED CROSS CONVENTION IN LEXINGTON, OCT. 20.Representatives from 144 RedCross chapters in Kentucky willmeet in Lexington, October 20-21for the annual State convention tohear Dr. Livingston Farrand, chairman of the executive committee ofthe American Red Cross, and otherofficials of the national organization,who will accompany him.Chapters are already sending innames of delegates to State headquarters are being made to entertain 300 or 400.The program will include a demonstration of the Home Service activities of the American Red Crosswith addresses by visiting officials onthe peace-time program of the organization.Sometimes the crabbed individualis as close as a clam and as mum asan oyster.Sapping the Public Schools ofKentuckyTaxes Going Up;Teachers UnderpaidUnder Stanley Democratic nilo, in the threeyears 1915-1218, the equalized value of all property asoeaned for taxation In Kentucky has increased the enormous mm of $027,278,483.00.During the same period, the amount distributedby the Jrtnte to the counties to pay the salariesof school teachers has only Increased the pitifulsum of $45,784.37.LmliTaxpayers, This Is Your BusinessThe new tar law making this huge increase Intaxes was passed to raise more money for general state expenses, to pay off old debts and togive more money to the public schools. If thislaw has raised enough, money to pay general expenses and to help pay off some old debts, whyhas theschool fund not received & proportionateincrease for the education of your children?Stanley O. K's Pay CutIn 1918 a Democratic legislature passed alaw and it was approved by Governor -Stanley,March 18, 1918, cutting down the amount ofmoney for schoolteachers salaries from 28cents to 18 cents, and many teachers wereforced to quit their ions altogether or to seekpositions in other states.Tli School Teachers' Merry-Go-RcundThe records show that In 4i counties in Kentucky, the salaries of school teacherswere more In 1916 than In 1017, 1918 and 1919. They" also show that In 71 counties thesalaries were more in 1916 than in 1917 and 1918. This has forced hundreds of teachers to travel from onejcounty to another seeking better pay to meet the high cost ofliving. In one county In Kentucky, out of 104 teachers last year, only 22 returned this year.In another county only seven out of 48 returned. In another county only 5 out oft5 returned. In one of the largest and best counties of the state only one rural teacherhas not changed location within the past five years.Holding Up the Teachers9 PayIn the same month that Governor Stanley approved the law cutting down the teachers' salaries, the state owed the teachers for back pay, $548,372.00. Three months laterthis amount had Jumped to $1,452,837.94. On June 80, this year, the state still owed theteachers for back pay $693,484.87. In j917, the first month's salary was paid in Octoberafter three and a half months of teaching. The final "payment was not made until August, 1919, eight months after the close of the session. Last year a law was passed toremedy this, but at that salaries are still running late. In addition to having their salaries cut, the teachers also have their pay held up.Cutting Down the School YearThree months after Governor Stanley signedthe bill cutting down the teachers' pay, theschool year was cut from 7 months to 6 months.The children were deprived of a whole month'sschooling. This .year, the school year endingJune 30, 1920, was kept at 6 months Insteadof being put back to 7 months, thus deprivingthe children of another month's schooling.Twelve months' schooling in two years in placeof 14 months.Gilbert's "Sore Toe" BookSupt Gilbert's printing Mil Is costing thetaxpayers threa times what they paid underGovernor WOIson (Republican). Among thebonks paid for by the taxpayer at a cost of$15,000, was the famous "8or Toe" book, compiled by the equally fanou Dr, W. L. Helser,who "Physiology1 was ridiculed by the leading Democratic aewspaperf of the state. This'Sore Toe" book tells little Johnnie how towrap xxp a "puncture in his 'foot, warns littleJtzmle not eat meat more than once a day,calls on dad to shave oft M whiskers, advisesmother to wash an egg before boiling It, and demands the killing of all dogs and eats.Gilbert's ExtravaganceThe minute Supt Gilbert got into office hobegan filling up his own office, at Frankfort,with clerks and stenographers. The salaries inhis department have gone up to three timeswhat they were under Governor Willson (Bepublican). The Democratic legislative probecommittee of 1918 condemned the Bureau ofSchool Inspection for giving salaries to peopleWho did no work, but there has been practically no change. Morrow will change it.Text Book Commission FarceThe Stanley Text Book Commission changedmost of the books in the grades and would havesoaked the parents of the children $650,000more for their books, but the whole adoptionwas thrown out by the Court of Appeals. Urgedby leading Democrats all over the state to alsothrow out the Text Book Commission, GovernorBlack turned a deaf ear and by the time a newadoption was made the publishers were so delayed that many schools have been forced toget along with old books, and some of themwon't get the new books at all for proper workthis year.Clean House at FrankfortElect Morrow Governorsmmm mmm bbbbbbbbbi mhhiSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.' Mr. George T. Collins is visitingrelatives and friends in Hamilton, O.Mrs. Ada Ely is a guest of Mrs.M. H. Highland, in Covington.Miss Bessie Mclntyre is a guestof her aunt, Mrs. T. H. Roberts, inMaysville.Mrs. Mary Henry, of Hamilton,Ohio, is a guest of her grandmother,Mrs. A. R. Dennison, on Railroadstreet.Mr. and Mrs. B. F. Lancaster, ofCovington, are guests of Mrs. MorrisM. Mitchell and other relatives inthis county.Mr. and Mrs. Thos. M. Funkhave returned from a ten-days' stayat Carlsbad Springs, Dry Ridge, inGrant county.Mr. Herman Tully, of this city,has gone to Miami, Florida, wherehe will be a guest of relatives forseveral weeks.Mr. Chester Strawther has received an honorable discharge fromthe navy service and returned to hishome in this city.Mrs. John J. Williams has returned from a visit to her sisters,Mrs. Vernon Leer and Mrs. J. J.Neale, in Richmond.Mr. Edgar Biddle has returnedto his home in Falmouth, after avisit to Mr. and Mrs. P. J. McCord,and family, in this city.Miss Julia Clarke, of the ParisHigh School faculty, is confined tofrom an attack of tonsilitis.Edwin, little son of Dr. and Mrs.Francis P. Campbell, is confined tohis home on High street, sufferingfrom an attack of tonsilitis.Mrs. King Culbertson has returned to her home in Cincinnati, after a visit to her parents, Mr. andMrs. Thos. Farrow, in this city.Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Mitchell, ofLexington, were guests recetly ofthe former's parents, Mr. and Mrs.Newton Mitchell, on Duncan avenue.Misses Stella Laughlin andChristine Jewett have returned totheir homes in Cynthiana, after avisit to their aunt, Mrs.. B. F.Laughlin, on Second street, in thiscity.Mrs. Leonard Watson, of SouthMain street, is a patient at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city,where she underwent an operationMonday.Miss Margaret Ferguson washostess Tuesday afternoon to themembers of her card club, at herhome on the Hume and Bedford pike,near Paris.Mrs. White Varden and daughter, Mildred, returned Tuesday nightfrom Saundersville, Rhode Island,where they spent the summer asguests of relatives.Mrs. Nettie Hibler and son, Edward, have moved from .the residenceof Mrs. Emily Parker, at the cornerof Main and Thirteenth streets, totheir home on East Eighth street.Among recent visitors in Parison business missions were Mr. GuyOverby, of Maysville, and W. J.Sparks, both former residents of the"old home town."Mrs. A. W. Cottingham has returned from a visit to her son, Mr.Wayne Cottingham, of the Lexington Leader, and her daughter, Mrs.Richard Anderson, and Mr. Anderson, in Lexington.Mrs. Gertrude Smoot, of Corbin,is at the home of her sister, Mrs.Wm. Remington, on Eighth street,under the care of Dr. Martna retree. Mrs. Smoot sustained an injury to her hip caused by a fall afew days ago.Mr. Thos. T. Templin, of SouthMain street, accompanied by his son-in-law,Mr. F. E. Faulkner, leftWednesday for Rochester, Minn.,where Mr. Templin will undergotreatment at the Mayo Bros.' Hospital, for neuritis.Mr. F. S. Elder, W Paris, received a letter Tuesday from his son,Lieut. Eugene Elder, stating that hewould be retained in the service atCamp Vail, New Jersey, on accountof the shortage in office force. Lieut.Elder has received a promotion andhas been assigned to an importantposition, with an increased salary.Mrs. Frederick Wallis, of NewYork, entertained Monday evening atthe home of her parents, Mr. andMrs. -Thomas Henry Clay, on Pleasant street, with a dinner in honor ofCaptain and Mrs. Roger Williams, ofLexington, who have recently arrived from France. Capt. Williams wasin the army service for severalmonths, and was in France when hewas married to his charming bride.The home and tables were artistically decorated with cosmos and themenu was elaborate and delicious.Those present besides the guests ofhonor were Mr. and Mrs. Clay, Mrs.Wallis, Mr. and Mrs. George Williams Clay, Mrs. B. F. Williams,Gen. and Mrs. Roger Williams andMrs. Waller Rhodes, Jr.(Other Personals on Page 5). oMT. STFRTJTO- MAN INJURED INAUTOMOBILE ACCIDENTMr. Millard R. Hainline, of Mt.Sterling, well-known in Paris, wasbadly injured in an automobile accident Monday night, while on hisway home from Lexington. The accident occurred on the Lexingtonpike, near Paris.Mr. Hainline and Mr. and Mrs.Dee Smith, also of Mt. Sterling, inMr. Hainline's car, ran into a carstanding on the side of the road nearHutchison. The wheels of the twocars became locked closely together,and while trying to get them apartMr. Hainline was hit by an automobile that was passing by. It wasstated that the third car was running without lights, and that Mr.Hainline saw it just in time to stepon to the running board of his machine. He was thrown underneaththe machine, his leg being brokennear the ankle. Mr. Hainline wasplaced in the car and taken to St.Joseph's Hospital, in Lexington,where the injured member was setand he was made comfortable.SAVE the feather1SHOE POLISHESKeep Your Shoes NeatLIQUIDS AND PASTESFOR BLACK.WH1TF.TAN ANDOX-BLOOD (DARK BROWN) SHOESTHE KRDAUEY CORPORATIONS UMITElXSuFPALQ N.Y.MMIIMMtiHtfHHHHIHHinWMHIIllllllMHThe J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMBRSMainand SixthStreetsParis Ky.Day phone 36Nlsht : . . 56or Home 2864"fcMotor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.Wttt'MM"t lll'tWWWWHWHlMWHiMHjA MAN AND HIS WIFEmay both derive saiisfactiorrby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thacost is nominal, while the pie assure of wearing old clothes thatchhave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowlecfeethat you are effecting a greati ving, must surely satisfy yooatrfj A phone brings us.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANER:Cumberland Phone 40 Home Phone -I6SttltliffiB Mil51 f)9f 11111 .THE UNIVERSAL CARThe Ford Sedan b the favorite family car"seats five comfortablv. While an enclosed carwith permapent top, it has large windows, andmay in a minutebe changed to a most delight- fful open car with always a, top protectingagainst the sun. In inclement weather it is aclosed car, dust-proof, water-proof, cold-proof.Finely upholstered. Equipped with electricstarting and lighting system and demountablerims with 3-inch tires front and rear. A realfamily car. Won't you come in and look at it?lne delights ot the electriccar with the economy of theS-'.X Jifl OMX?-?- T-1 w:5 c ij.-vsggfr .bord.fATE BANVRuggles Motor Co;16 Bank Row, Paris, Ky.wV- !r ,VtjR'.FRIDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1919PAGE IOUTHE BOURBON HEWS, 51MS, XEHTUOJlf i ?, --- ',-'MEli--4'." ?!' .1tif5l!ii :f jiMIf-1hiIiiiiItifi j!'Illnfe&; ' 4- - PVC-; RELIGIOUS.Pfe. " - 'ilaaaaaaallBaaaaaaaaaaaaawlaaal f ' ?vi'$r.?'jf&,. sfv 1" ..PJSMiwHSWBffiHWi mBfwnJMiWliBMKWfc. '?3fe V,&?Ba ni i 4 ii 9 ll a ft it 3 It H fl it it 11 ITICTIraa J 1 Hi. i'lU Bt; TlfclBPBBWBiiglilala, -ife5!, &&z3'Ml S 8 ! I! M!i! i h, U J ..'Hi 1 is J i i nHflHEilHK. JSOi?lvX'JKXvRv."?iwmmmum im n u u m. mw.mMmsBmmmmmMBm&m ..BrSiy 1 ilr 111 in I ii ! i Mil' 1 J: - J: KKSKmiWEmmm:m zWmwm?M&. -yf 1 1 if 1 1 ll 4 11 la a it vi m. M LMMim-mamWiWmxwmmB-v "Hi h i 1 h 1 i 1 1 1 " 1 1 1 1 r :j i - 1 I'll J f !;'HKPA,J9BBSiHHHHiBH--"! i ill 1 -H r -Ml mwWmmMUKmMMwBBIHMm'?Kamrif f 11 M !1 :!: 1 li I 44-U:l9HPliBHnilii-IIIB - W 1M ii ill I II ill I1PMM II I I ill 111! WK . ii!IBiBBflu luel iiiijwiiiiiiMiirtwiiinpwTiM i . r -jf .BlBBBtf?KMBBSBB3!HBBMBBF JSBL 'WSBlLSBiBBHBBBflsBVBrK BBBBBa T'iJiSBBBBBBaBBBBBBamBBBBBBaaBBfSaHB9BBBBBBBThe Mission Band of the Christian church will meet in the churchparlors at 2:30, Sunday afternoon.The parents are asked to please sendtheir children.The Endeavor Society of thePresbyterian Church will meet inthe church parlors at 6:45 Sundayevening. The subject will be:'Training In Citizenship." TheLeader will be Miss Eleanor Lytle.At a congregational meeting ofthe members of the Paris Baptistchurch, it was decided to extend acall to Rev. Arthur Pox, of Hope,Ark., to the pastorate of the church.Rev. Fox preached two sermons tothe congregation here recently, andwas well received. Rev. J. R. Black,of Louisville, State Sunday SchoolSuperintendent, will occupy the pulpit at both services next Sunday.Those who desire to obtain thebenefit of a reduced rate to attendthe National Convention of theChristian church, which begins, inCincinnati, Monday, should see Rev.W. E. Ellis, and get a certificatesigned by him. This will be the firsttime the sessions of this great bodywill be held so close to Paris, andwill be a grand opportunity forParis people to attend.The above cut shows the type of3. burglar-proof vault door which isnow being installed by the PeoplesDeposit Bank & Trust Company, toreplace the door which was formerlyused.The door itself weighs over 20,000pounds, and is the latest inventionin the way of a burglar and fireproof vault door.It was manufactured by the Mosler Safe Company, of Hamilton, 0.,and is of solid Manganese steel.Owing to the large increase inthe holdings of their customers inthe way of liberty bonds and othersecurities which are placed with theBank for safe keeping the officialsfeel that nothing but the best ofprotection should be offered them,and decided to install this door atlarge expense.MATRIMONIAL.County Clerk Pearce Paton issued a marriage license Wednesday afternoon to Clifford Smith, 20, andMiss Maxie B. Brown, 20, both ofBourbon county.ASWELL CANTRILL.The marriage of James EdwardCantrill, son of Congressman J.Campbell Cantrill, of Georgetown, toCorinne Aswell, daughter of Congressman and Mrs. James B. Aswell,of Louisiana, took place yesterdayat the home of the bride, in Washingtpn, D. C. A small party of relatives and personal friends witnessed the ceremony. The bride was unattended, and Mrs. Charles Roberts,of Franklin, Ky., was the best man.A wedding breakfast followed theceremony at which Mrs. Aswell wasassisted by Mrs. Ransdall, wife of thesenior Senator from Louisiana, andrelatives in Kentucky until the latter part of the week, when they willgo to Detroit, where Mr. Metcalf isengaged in business, to make theirhome.WOLFE SHOEMAKEWilliam H. Shoemake and MissMollie Wolfe, both of Paris, weremarried Monday in the office of theCounty Clerk, at Maysville, CountyJudge Purnell performing the ceremony.PARIS BOY WRITES OF HISTRAVELS.RICE METCALFEThe wedding of Miss Mary EdRice, of Carlisle, to Mr. Grant M.Metcalfe, of Detroit, Mich., was aquiet affair of Monday at the homeof the officiating minister, the Rev.Mark Collis, in Lexington. Thebride wore a traveling suit of brown.Only members of her immediate family were present, including Mr. andMrs. Edsall Clark, of Bourbon county, and Mr. and Mrs. S. N. Nickel,of Lexington.The young people will visit withMrs. Allen. W. Barkley, wife of theCongressman from Kentucky. Thewedding music was played by Mrs.Whalen Stone.Mr. Charles Fothergill, of TheKentuckian-Citizen, received a letterfrom a former Paris boy, Mr. MarvinCollins, at Akron, Ohio, askingabout some of his old Paris friends.He stated in his letter that he wasin Akron on business, but would soonbe in a traveling position. Referring to Paris boys Collins wrote:"Son Roche and Will Wright areboth back safe and sound. Roche hadabout four years service with theBritish and American armies, andWright had fourteen months withthe U. S. A. Both have been gassed,wounded, etc., several times. I heardfrom John Lytle, too. He is now inDetroit, I understand. J. Q. Frakesand Jimmie Fitzgerald are in Pittsburg, Pa. I will see them when Igo there. I have been travelingPennsylvania and Ohio for the pastthree years, but hope to go to NewYork this winter to remain."Rev. S. B. Lander will preach atthe Presbyterian church Sunday,October 12, both morning and evening. He will be moderator of thecongregational meeting, which hasbeen called by the Committee on Pastor, and which will be held immediately after morning service. This,and other matters of importance, tobe considered, necessitate promptness, and the members are requestedto be on time. Services will beginat 10:45 sharp. The Sunday Schoolhour is 9:30 a. m., Christian Endeavor at 6:45 p. m., and eveningworship at 7:30 p. m.Sometimes the crabbed individualis as close as a clam and as mum asan oyster.ItlMRUUUIfTUniltinUILUIIIIIIUIIlItUlIlttllUUUlllHIlUllliniHUHIlllllUllIllHIIIIIllIiiUIIIHHilltltlll illlIllUlllllMI!:i!Hl lUtLiDo Kerituckin5 wnt sJwkI ipicked , hcvnd controlledIt is common knowledge that the Republican Party in Ken- stacky is a "one man" party solely in the control of A. T. Hert. HIt was. shown at Lexington where the rank and file of the party jwere disfranchised of their primary rights and forced to accept a jjslate already prepared for them.Witness the high handed methods of Searcy, Hertfs man "Friday", in Hhis treatment of George W. Jolly of Owensboro who was clearly within his E5rights in seeking preference at the primary. Witness also the disgracefulprimary election in the negro ward m Louisville where the Republicans did Snot dare let the negroes vote as they wished. jjPut Morrow in the Governor's chair at Frankfort and Kentucky will beopowned from Louisville. It will be dominated by this one man whose in- Stfrtjrt fc selfish and whose purpose is clearly to use Kentucky merely as asterofoir stone to influence and authority in National politics. Hert will pushtbe-mrttonl Searcy will pull the string! And Morrow will do the jumping! SThe World Has Just Witnessed the Overthrow of "One-Man" RuleA Vote For Governor Black 1asWill Make Kentucky Safe For Popular Government IVot the Democratic Ticket and Vote It Straight 1MwniiiiiflniHMiiitiBBfflBnnCHRISTIAN CHURCH CALENDAR.Sunday, 9:30 a. m. Bible School.Sunday, 10:45 a. m. MorningWorship.Sunday, 2:30 p. m. Mission Band.Sunday, 6:30 p. m Christian Endeavor. Sunday, 7:30 p. m. Evening Worship. Tuesday, 2:30 p. m. Woman's Society Meeting.Wednesday, 7:30 p. m. PrayerMeeting.The Endavor Society of theChristian church will meet in thechurch parlor at 6:30 Sunday evening. The subject will be: "Training In Citizenship." Vail Baldwin,leader. A good program has beenprepared, and a large attendance isdesired.STREET WORK PROGRESSINGThe work of reconstructing Pleasant street is progressing rapidly, asthe weather will permit. The streetJias tfeen plowed up from Twelfth toSeventh, and will be ready for theconcrete as soon as the this work hasbeen finished. The work on Mainstreet is getting alog very nicely.Mr. L. W. Johnson, of Memphis,Tenn., arrived here Wednesday, tobegin the work of making needed repairs on Main street from the Masonic Temple to Tenth street. Mr.Johnson built the street five yearsago, and the repair work now to bedone is ''necessary in order to givehim a. quietus on his bond.AT THE PARIS GRAND AND THEALAMO.To-day, Friday, Oct. 10, Alamo, afternoon and evening Charles Ray,in "Bill Henry';" Anne Luther andCharles Hutchison, in "The GreatGamble."To-morrow, Saturday, Oct 11.Pauline Frederick, in "The Peace ofRoaring River;" Mr. and Mrs. Carter DeHaven, in "After The Bawl;"James J. Corbett, in "The MidnightMan."Monday, Oct. 13 Blanche Sweet,in "The Warrens of Virginia;" Burton Holmes Travel Pictures. Extraattraction, at the Alamo, afternoon,the Grand, evening, "Mary Pickford,in "Daddy Long Legs," Monday andTuesday. sTO-MORROW NEVER COMESSomebody sent this to Luke McLuke: "The outlook is rather Blackin Kentucky politics this fall Butthe outlook may change to-Morrow."It is said that to-morrow nevercomes, and it is the one best bet thatit will never come to-Morrow!BIRTHS.Near Paris, to the wife of FredPark, a daughter.In this city, to the wife of Jos.Purvis, a son Arthur K. Purvis.To the wife of Dr. Elmer Swetnam, near Centerville, a son ElmerD. Swetnam, Jr.In this city to the wife of Elmer Farrow, of Winnie street, a son,first born.To the wife of Richard Stewart,of Nineteenth street, a son RobertLee Stewart; their third child, secone son.Near ,Paris, to the wife' of EarlLinville, formerly Miss Jerene Turner, of Cynthiana, son RobertEarl Linville, Jr.To the wife of Mr. O. M. Adams,in Tennell, Georgia, a daughter.Mrs. Adams was formerly Miss Virginia Hutchcraft, of Millersburg.Butler, in Millersburg.Rev. and Mrs. Sidney A. Venable, formerly of Millersburg, are theproud parents of a handsome babygirl, born at the home of Mrs. Venable's parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. A.Butler.;.CHRISTIAN -CHUBCH TO HOLDCONVENTION IN CINCINNATIRepresentatives of the Christian,churches of Paris and the county will jgo to Cincinnati next Monday to at-1tended the annual International Con-!vention of Christian church, which ,will convene in that city on that jdate, and continue until October 20.This will be one of the most important religious events in the history of the church, and will be attended by thousands of visitors fromall parts of the world. This will bethe first time this convention will beheld at a point so close to Paris, andit ispredicted that there will be alarge attendance from this county.The program will embrace addressesby many of the most prominent ministers, missionaries, laymen and BibleSchool workers of the church.MRS. ELLIS' GROCERY SPECIAI5THIS WEEK. ;Again this week we will sell pota-toes at 60 cents per peck.All kinds of nice fruits, vegetablegrapes, etc., at the right kind ofprices. Bring us the cash and we willsave you money on anything that issold in a grocery.MRS. ELLIS' CASH GROCERY,Red Front, opp. Court House.(7-2t) $o-SCHOOL SHOES READY FOR BOYSAND GIRLS.School season has just opened upand we are ready to show you nowthe biggest and best assortment oshoes ever shown. ((19-tf) FELD'S SHOE STORE.mMmmmmMMmmmmmMmmmmAM,Wolf, Wile & Co.Ate ShowingNew Arrivals in ExquisiteUndergarmentsof silk, satin and georgette,beautifully made and trimmedwith val and real cluny lace.Also, some in smart tailoredstyles.GownsBilly BurkesCamisolesEnvelope ChemisesPetticoatsThe newest shades are represented and the colors include orchid baby blue, flesh,white and black.Very Frenchy and chic areour boudoir caps in soft colors and becoming styles thecorrect "finishing touch."Wolf, Wile C& Co.Lexington, Ky.Kwiwlf: ''Jt w rff !ff W wd Tuaws m mINKMore Time For Rest andI . Recreation 1Si w;rii "r,ARi Aiun tu r.i d 111.. ... xW UICC-1UC1 lldllgCNo need for a heavycoal fire when yourcooking is light.Burns gas, coal orwood and does thework of two rangesrequires the care ofonly one. Why getalong with an oldfashioed stove whenthis "Garland" freesyou from all this extrawork?See It DemonstratedBurns Coal, Wood or GasIn the Same Oven.Uses the fuel best suited to the season. A cool,restful kitchen in summer, a warm, comfortablekitchen in winter. A special demonstration all thisweek. Come in and see how this "Garland" willsave time for you in your own kitchen.A. F. Wheeler FurnitureCo.CHAS. GREEN, ManagerCorner Third and Main Opposite Court House0?r.-..-it.- ..'.TT-JL-. .-sLJ$&&AlXL'Z-&FRIDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1919THE B0USBOK HEWS, PA1IS, XEHOTCErPAGE HTOfOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEATTENTION, FARMERS!Bring in your Seed Wheat andlet us clean it for you. Telephone us and we will arrangeto clean your wheat the sameday it is brought in.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.aug26-tf)SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.kmiings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.PARES HOUSE BEATS RECORDAt the Lexington trotting meetingWednesday Mr. W. F. Talbott, ofParis, had the pleasure of seeing hisbrown filly, Martha T, break the2:30A trotting record. Martha T,bv Egyptian Baron Lady Nutbreakef by Xutbreaker, driven by WickCurry, made the distance in 2:26.oMr. and Mrs. John F. Clarke, ofLexington, are guests of Paris relatives and friends.Since the death of her hushnnriMrs. W. J. Kiser is making her homewun relatives m Shawhan.Mr. Gus Margolen left yesttrdayfor an extended stay at Hot Springs,Ark., for the benefit of his health.Mrs. Belle Ammerman has returned to her home in Cynthiana, after a visit to friends and relativesin Paris and the county.Mrs. P .H. Lane left yesterdaymorning for her home in Philadelphia, Pa., after a visit to Mrs. SwiftChamp and Mr. Champ, on Pleasantstreet. 'FOOTBMi GAME TO-DAY.The football teams of the ParisHigh School and the Mt. SterlingHigh School will play a game on thefield on the Hume and Bedford pike,on the Interurban line, near Paris,at 2:30 o'clock this (Friday) afternoon. oTHE NEW DOUBLE-BREASTEDSome with belts, are smart instyle. A complete showing thisJ. W. DAVIS & CO.BOURBON HORSE WINS AT LATONIA TRACK.At the Latonia track Wednesday,J. Hal Woodford's Sway, ridden by"VanDusen, won the fourth race, onemile and three-sixteenths, for threeyear olds and up. The 2 mutualspaid on Sway $5 straight, place?3.40, and show $2.60.Sway's victory came over the mileand three-sixteenths route, but histriumph was a handy one, as UnderFire was his most formidable opponent and the latter showed lamenessbefore and after the race.Sway is one of the horses carryingthe hopes of this section to land therich Latonia Championship Stakes tobe run Saturday.0BOYS' RAINCOATS.The kind that shed water. Ages4 years to 16. Price $7.J. W. DAVIS & CO.oIEAST OP SUCCOTH OBSERVEDBY JEWS.fThe Feast of Succoth or The Tabernacle was celebrated by the Jewsof the country Wednesday and yesterday with solemn ceremonies.The Feast of Tabernacle was originally a harvest festival, and is stillobserved in order to express man'sgratitude for the bountiful harvestas well as to emphasize the dignityof lahor. Services were held at theMaryland Avenue Temple, in Lexington, Wednesday night and yesterday morning, Rabbi Joseph Leisterspeaking on "The Symbol of TheBooth." " - -;..-S aa-&ET YOUR SWEETS NOW.We have very little sugar, butplenty of white corn syrup. Betterplace your order now.(1) C. P. COOK & CO.jGOOD PRLCES AT CLARK & YOUNGSALE.Good prices were realized at thepublic sale of livestock and farmingimplements belonging to Clark &Young, conducted on the premises onthe North Middletown pike, Wednesday by Auctioneer George D.Speakes. Horses sold from 65 to$145; mules in pairs, $325 to $500;cows, ?60 to $102.50; calves, $25 to$32.50; feeding cattle, $105.50 to$123.50; small shotes, $6;. sows, $25to $40; boars, $30 to $50; sheep,$6 to $13; rams, $12 to $25 perhead. Farming implements broughtgood prices. The attendance waslarge and the bidding spirited. Thesale was extensively advertised inTHE BOURBON NEWS.oSPECIAL SUNDAY NIGHT DINNERI will serve a special Sunday nightdinner at the "Y." Cafe on October12, from 6 to 8 o'clock. A specialhome-cooked dinner will be served at75c per plate.Y. M. C. A. CAFE,(It) Mrs. Mary McShane, Prop.oTO THE BUYING PUBLICBefore buying call and see ourline of woolen goods, silks, poplins,or anything in the drygoods line.Educator Shoes are for comfort andhealth, and they, wear better. Wecarry them.(It) B. M. TUNE.oPARIS MAN IN NEW LEXINGTONAUTO ELRMArticles incorporating the Thompson Tire & Supply Company, of Lexington, were filed Tuesday with theFayette County Clerk by H. V.Thompson, Winchester, A. S. Thompson, of Paris, D. B. Veach, of Lexington, and W. H. Parsons, of Akron,O. Capital stock was given at $8,000, divided into eighty shares witha par value of $100.Manufacture and rebuilding of automobile trucks and accessories, andthe handling and repairing of carsand accessories was given as the purpose of the new concern, which willbegin business October 15. Thestock of the company is taken as follows: H. V. Thompson, twenty-oneshares; A. S. Thompson, twenty-oneshares; D. B. Veach,-nineteen shares,and W. D. Parsons, nineteen shares.Limit of indebtedness is $8,000.Mr. and Mrs. Bruce Whaley, ofChattanooga, Tenn., are guests ofMrs. Whaley's sister, Mrs. Harry O.James, and Mr. James, on Pleasantstreet.Mrs. Laura Estill Francis andMrs. Lavina Estill ChenaultCuninghani have returned from abusiness trip to their old home atRichmond.Mr. David Feld returned yesterday from Rochester, Minn., where hehas been a patient at the Mayo Bros.'Hospital. Mr. Feld underwent several operations for varicose veins andreturns greatly improved in health.Miss Lucy Henry, manager ofthe Western Union Telegraph office,who has been a typhoid fever patientat the Massie Memorial Hospital, inParis, for several weeks, has recovered sufficiently to be removed to herhome.Mr. James H. Batterton. enroute from Chicago to his home inFayetteville, South Carolina, stopped over in Paris a few days thisweek to visit relatives and renewold acquaintances.Mr. and Mrs. E. C. Cleveland andchildren, of near Paris, attended afamily reunion held in Cynthiana,Monday. The principal feature ofthe reunion was the celebration ofthe eighty-third birthday of theiraunt, Mrs. Elizabeth Long.A party composed of Charles H.Meng, of Paris, Alex. Macklin, ofFrankfort, Ely Blackburn, of Georgetown, and Wm. Crabbe, of Eminence,left Monday for Atlanta, Georgia, toattend the annual national Confederate reunion in progress in thatcity. While in Atlanta they will beguests of Mrs. Edna Rains and Mrs.Mollie H. Miller, former residents ofthis county.The young ladies 'composing theYoung Women's Bridge Club wereguests Tuesday afternoon of MissMargaret Ferguson, at her home,"Glen Iris," near Paris. Among theplayers were Mesdames Hiram Roseberry, James Thompson, Walter Dalby, E. F. Prichard, Oscar T. Hinton,Douglas Clay, Durand Whipple;Misses Charlina Ball, Frances Clayand Agnes Turner.Winchester Daily Democrat:"Miss Ruth Pinnell spent Monday inParis. . . .Mr. and Mrs. C. T. Pinnell,of Bourbon" county, spent the weekend with Mrs. W. E. Pinnell MissElizabeth Tanner, of Paris, is visiting Miss Ruth Pinnell .... Mr. andMrs. W. E. Patton, Mrs. D. W. Peed,Miss Elizabeth Tanner and Dan Peed,I Tv. nf Paris, snent Sundav with Mrs.W. E. Pinnell."Flemingsburg Times-Democrat:"Miss Jennie Link and ClaybrookJacoby, of Bourbon county, wereguests of Miss Nancy Watts, Sunday.Mrs. S. E. McClanahan camedown from Paris, Friday morning, tovisit the family of her father, W. H.Faris Capt. Robert A. Harbesonwas down Tuesday from his Bourboncounty plantation. He is recoveringfrom his slight injury in the automishap and reports Miss Sackett getting along nicely in the hospital atParis."One of the most elaborateluncheon-bridge parties of the present season was that given in the Masonic Temple, Wednesday afternoonby Mrs. Fayette Ardery and Mrs.Sidney S. Ardery, Jr. After a twocourse luncheon the tables werecleared for the players. Mrs. BrinchMeinertz holding the highest score,was given the first prize, a waste basket. Miss Rachel Wiggins makingthe lowest score, was awarded theprize, a telephone memorandum. Mrs.Chas. G. Daugherty was awarded theconsolation prize, an egg cutter.The rooms were beaufifully decorated for the occasion.Miss Helen Hutchcraft, president of the Mission Circle of theChristian church, presided at the October meeting of that organizationheld in the church parlors Tuesdayafternoon. Mrs. Jennie HowardClay read a paper on "The ReligiousRelations Between The UnitedStates and Mexico," following thebusiness session and and devotionalexercises. Interesting papers wereread by Mrs. Thomas Allen, Mrs. W.H. Cannon and Mrs. Skillman, andan address was made by Miss EstherBoatright. A social hour followed,during which orange ice and cakeswere served.An invitation has been extendedto the members of Jemima JohnsonChapter, Daughters of the AmericanRevolution, of this city, to attend thetwenty-third annual conference ofthe Kentucky D. A. R., to be held inthe Phoenix Hotel, in Lexington, on"October 29 and 30. The local chapter is hoping to attend this meetingin a body. They will be officiallyrepresented by the Regent, MissBlanche Lilleston, their delegate,Mrs. Charlton Alexander, and thefollowing alternates: Mrs. AlbertMitchell, Mrs. Albert Mitchell, Mrs.J. T. Sharrard, Messrs. Grimes', Ranson and Hedges, Mrs. James Dodge,Mrs. Louis Rogers, Mrs. John A.Bower, Mrs. Watson Judy and Mrs.Thompson H. Tarr.Corporal Herbert Johnson, whohas been on overseas duty in Francefor several months, has returned tohis home near Little Rock, having"come across" with one of the divisions accompanying Gen. Pershing. (Johnson enlisted in the service whileattending State University, and wentto France in July, 1917. He made afine record, and is receiving a warmwelcome from his many friends.Mr. Harry Holt has gone toClaveland, Ohio, for a visit.Mrs. Mary Biggerstaff, of Lexington, is a guest of Mr. and Mrs.Fred Weckesser.MtsrvRiley Ray, of Ewing, is aguest of Mrs. J. Morgan Brown, inthis city.Miss Alice Nunan has returnedto her home in Paducah, after a visitto relatives and friends in Paris.Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Barnett andson, J. E. Barnett, Jr., have gone toWashington, D. C, to reside in thefuture.Mr. and Mrs. Charles Pinnellhave returned to their homes nearParis, after a visit to Mrs. W. E. Pinnell, in Clark county.Mr. and Mrs. B. F. Chenaulthave returned to their home in Richmond, after a visit to Mr. and Mrs.Jesse R. Letton, near Paris.Mrs. M. H. Davis, of Mayslick, isa guest of her mother, Mrs. Wm.Hukill, Sr., and family, on Broadway. Mrs. Gullett, who has been aguest of her parents, Mr. and Mrs.W. T. Caywood, near Paris, has returned to her home in Savanah,Georgia.Miss Mary Fithian Hutchcraftentertained the members of herbridge club at her home on Secondstreet Monday. There were two tablesof players.Mr. and Mrs. James Carringtonand children, and Mrs. C. G. Douglas,of Paris, attended the funeral andburial of Mrs. Jennie Clarke Allen,at Ewing, Monday.Deputy State Fire Marshal Ed.M. Hite paid Paris a visit Wednesdayon official business. Mr. Hite saysprospects point 'to Democratic successin the November election.Mr. L. H. Mulfinger has returnedfrom Richmond, where he was calledTuesday by a message telling of theserious illness of his mother, Mrs.Mary S. Mulfinger, formerly a resident of Paris.Mrs. James Moore, Mr. and Mrs.Thos. Hall, Mr. and Mrs. AndrewDykes and Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Brookshire have returned to their homesin Clark county, after a visit to Mr.Wm. Rion and family, on Sixteenthstreet.Mr. Merrit J. Shobe, who accompanied his wife and child here on avisit to Mrs. Shobe's mother, Mrs.Hannah Butler, and family, on Vinestreet, returned yesterday to hishome in Salem, New Jersey.Prof. Lee Kirpatrick, Superintendent of the Paris schools, has received an invitation to deliver alecture to the Western KentuckyTeachers' Association, to be held inMundfordsville, on Saturday, Oct. 18.Prof. Kirkpatrick has the matter under advisement.Miss Marie Collins, of NorthMiddletown, one of the field repre-isentatives of the American RedCross, attended the meeting of fieldrepresentatives, held in Lexington,Tuesday afternoon. The State Convention of the organization will beheld in Lexington on October 20and 21t " -' -Mrs. Laura Estes, of Lancaster,and Mrs. Beulah Napier, of Taylorsville, have returned to their homesafter a visit to their sister, Mrs. L.H. Mulfinger, in Paris. They aredaughters of Mr. and Mrs. W F.Davis, of Garrard county. Mrs. Mulfinger and her guests were entertained with a dining by Mr. and Mrs.Finley Saunders, at their home on.Main street.The Paris Literary Club held aninteresting meeting Wednesday afternoon at 2:30 o'clock, at the home ofMrs. Ruby Arnsparger, at tiLe cornerof High and Ninth streets. The following program was rendered: 'TheEpistles of Paul As Literature," Mrs.Charlton Alexander; "I and It Thessalonians," Mrs. Henry A. Power;"Galatians," Miss Nancy Griffith.The Progressive Culture Clubmet at 2:30 o'clock Wednesday afternoon at the home of Mrs. RubyArnsparger, on High street. The following program wes presented: Responses "People Who Are DoingThings." "The Woman Of To-day,"Mrs. Elizabeth Tarr; "American Heroes of The World War," Miss Charlina Ball; "Causes and Results ofHigh Prices," Mrs. Harry Kerslake.(Other Personals on Page 3.)EOR WOMAN'S EYE; NOTES OFTHE CLUBS.The North Middletown Woman'sClub, October 10.Old Testament history in periods:Probation Mrs. Dickson.Preparation Mrs. Graham Young.Conquest Mrs. W. A. Thomason.Power Mrs. Redmon Talbott.Decline Mrs. Ashton Gilkey.Servitude Mrs. Dick.day afternoon.The Paris church, .one of the largest memberships in the faith, shouldbe well represented at this convention. For reservation, apply to C. J. Sebastian, 2085 Harrison avenue, Cincinnati, O., Chairman of AssignmentCommittee.LAW- AGAINST fcROITTEERICTGThe Bourbon Art Club will meetat the club rooms on High street,Saturday October 11, at 2:30 p. m.Program Sculpture :Chaldean, Assyrian and EgyptianMrs. Catesby Woodford, Jr.In Greece and Rome Miss Evans.Types of 4th and 5th Centurv. B.C. Mrs. Sutherland.Early Christian and ByzantineMrs. Arnsparger.The International Convention ofthe Christian Church opens Monday,October 13, for a week's session, inMusic Hall, Cincinnati. This is anunusual opportunity for the Disciplesof this region, for the convention isseldom held so near Central Kentucky. The first service will be concludedon Monday evening. Tuesday is C. The Crosdale Hotel will sell all ofW. B. M. Day; Wednesday, Foreign their hotel effects to the highest bidSociety Day; Thursday, Home Soci- der, spot cash, on Tuesday, OctoberAttorney General Morris. has dugup this old State law, that had beenforgotten, and will be put in operation: "Any person who purchaseslarge quantities of provisions forthe purpose of enhancing the price,or for the purpose of reselling themat a higher price than .is necessaryto afford him a reasonable profit onhis investment, is guilty of a commonlaw misdemeanor and may be punished by fine and imprisonment."Auction Sale!ety Day, &c.The communion service, solemnand impressive, will take place Sun-14, at 2 p. m.GEO. H.(10-2t)CROSDALE,FarmSalesmen WantedProspective farm buyers to thenumber of 117,000 wrote and calledat our offices in America's ten largest cities during 1918.."We have a score of agency pointsin Michigan and Northern OhioOur representatives in these twoStates sold 66 farms last month.The requirements of our clientnow demand that we establish a iercreliable men to act as our local representatives in Indiana, Kentucky;and Southern Ohio to send us de-scriptions of farms for sale and'shot;same to our customers.Experience not necessary butmust own an automobile.Our business is paying capablemen $2,000 to $10,000 yearly. State- ,all particulars in first letter regarding your age, business experiencesand if you are a property owner. Allcommunications treated as confidential. E. A. STROUT EAIJVI AGENCY, '205 Lincoln Inn Court, Cincinnati, 01.(10-17-24) .Xi!ITo Be In Fashion!VYou Must AcquireThe New Figure!E3GESQIMIT PAYS TO ADVERTISEThe value of THE NEWS as anadvertising medium has been demonstrated so often that it is hardly necessary to refer to it again. But Itwill be a repetition that will be aharmless one. It pays to advertisein THE NEWS.In a recent issue of THE NEWSMr. Thomas Butler advertised a farmfor rent or sale. Two days after theadvertisement appeared Mr. Butlercame to THE NEWS office and askedthat the ad be discontinued, as hehad received so many inquiries thathe had to sit up at night beyond hissuual retiring hour, to reply to them.He finally disposed of the farm to agood customer, and said, in regardto the advertising: "I had no idea alittle advertisement like that wouldbe so widely read." All of whichgoes to show that THE NEWS getsresults. And" we could go on andcite any number of cases where THENEWS ads secured rapid results,but the above will suffice as a fairexample.1IXc4.nd unless you do it will be almost impossible towear the frocks of the season. Even though theyseem loose and straight, the waists are round and thesleeves tight, and to harmonizewith these fashions, the , corsetmust give the right foundation.A Warner is designed according to the new linesof fashion; that is with a slight curve at the waist,'butvarying in height above the waist, a very lowtype, not topless, mark you, but low top; or a slightlyhigher bust.Ask to see the newWarner corsetsThere is a model for your figure as there is a modelfor every figure, and it will shape according to thelatest dictates of fashion and with both health andcomfort.And please note that Warner's Corsets are guaranteed to At comfortablyand not to Rust, Break or Tear.PRICE $1.50 TO $5.00&HARRY SIMON224 W. Main St.Lexington, Ky.$IVIain StreetParis, Ky..:GAS AND ELECTRIC BILLS MUSTBE PAID BEFORE 10THThe last day to get discount ongan and electric bills is the 10th ofthe month. All bills must be paidon or before that day if the discountis to be expected. Owing to theshortage of help and the advancedcost of same, we will be unable tohave our collector call more thanonce, so please govern yourself accordingly. Our instructions fromheadquarters are to cut off all serviceof patrons whose accounts are notpaid before the 20th.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO., Inc.HiiI 1111IP ''111111 If v II!! HM9v ' - - IIJI vTJhis Cresoeniolaualki'ng 7fachineAnd 10sfe& RecordsONLY$87.50We have the finest line or TalkingMachines ever brought to Paris.-Christmas is only a short time away.Come in and make an early selection.HEAR THE DALION ANDPATHE MACHINESffiroocs 6c Snapp DrumGo.iBIIHUIEIEEEitFRIDAY, OCTOBER id, lfij -picnsixTHE BOUBBOH HEWS, PABW, JOHTUU1ItitmilfaItfl I- 1ih-m t 1 1I HIiiill'lliiJiai!'II:itl.itfIIITo abort a coldand prevent complications, takealotabsThe purified and refinedcalomel tablets that arenausealess, safe and sure.Medicinal virtues retained and improved. Soldonly in sealed packagesPrice 35c.BED GUM TREES TO BE PLANTEDOff ARBOR BAYRed gum. trees will be planted Arfcor Day, October 31, as memorialsto Kentucky soldiers and sailors whogave their lives in the world war.in designating tne red gum as a me-'morial tree J. E. Barton, commis- Jsioner of forestry and geology, saidthe tree was particularly appropri-ate because of its red foliage andstar shape leaf.Following a custom establishedseveral years ago a governor's treewill be planted. A tin oak has beendesignated as governor's tree.oCHAMBERLAIN'S COUGHEDY.REM-This remedy is intended especiallyfor coughs, colds, croun and whoon-ring cough. From a small beginning quick relief without injury fromits sale and use has extended to all . Constipation, Biliousness, Indigesparts of the United States and to tion, Gases and Sick Headache,many foreign countries. This alone ! Cascarets work while you sleep, reis enough to convince one that it is , moving the toxins, poisons and sour,a medicine of more than ordinary ! indigestible waste without griping ormerit. Give it a trial and you will I -inconvenience. Cascarets regulatefind this to be the case.(oct-adv)Save Time and MooeiBy Using aHome TelephoneResidence rate ranging from 1.25 to2.00 per month for Bourbon Countyeervice.Place your order new and. avoid, thefall rush on installs.Paris Home Telephone & TelegraphCompany(Incorporated)J. J. Vcatch, District Manages W. H. Cannon, Local Manager.H -ifc"1-1 -'Jll-Ji i-yJ IB POSTUKf 6tvcauE 2?m gI POSTlfM 1JLjJthJL.L.JMj 3B "has a. flavor ths&s sure ip "to plea.se. A.n eco- 1i riomical factor in 1; housekeGpirLcL AB health builder, used 1A instead of coffee. IJ No Raise in' Pricem Two sizes -usually sold at 15 &, 25 f1 V Mad? by Post um Cereol Company - Ii'H Battle Creek, Michigan. Ii ifr T-T - r - .mmi mium --INCREASE IN 1918 DEATH RATEDUE TO INFLUENZA 'The death rate in Kentucky during 1918 was 16.4 .per 1,000, an increase of 2.6 per 1,000 over any previous year, according to figures givenin a bulletin from the office of theState Board of Health.This increase was due, accordingto data contained in the bulletin, tothe influenza epidemic which appeared in the latter part of September. Deaths due to influenza numbered8,669 and from pneumonia 3,987, atotal of 12,677 deaths from the twodiseases. The combined death rateper 1,000 for the two diseases was5.3.The number of deaths resultingfrom violence during 1918 showed amarked decrease compared to deathsresulting from this source in 1917.The number of deaths due to tuberculosis in 1918 was 193.5. In1911, the first year of which a register was kept, deaths due to thisdisease numbered 225.6. This decrease is regarded as being of majorimportance in that it proves what canbe accomplished in the fight againstthis disease by concerted and concentrated action on the part of allhealth agencies.The typhoid death rate is registering a decline.The estimated population for theState for the year 1918 is placed at2,408,547 by the United States Census Bureau. The total umber ofdeaths reported in the State duringthe year was 39,499.oBuititini - it..M t'i'iiiii,iu.iiDEWSJJF EVENo More Gentle Than"Cascarets" for theLiver, Bowels, ffi M.iit.ig.ii"t. .....u...a..c,.a..-It is just as needless as it is dan-gerous to take violent or nasty cathartics. Nature provides no shockabsorbers for your liver and bowelsagainst calomel, harsh pills, sicken-m& 0l1 and salts. Cascarets give! by strengthening the bowel muscles.They cost so little, too. (adv)A DrinkThat's Partof th Meal!DJJMOULTY EXPERIENCED INHUONG ENUMERATORS TOTAKE 1920 CENSUS.Pears like Uncle Sam is going tohave to open an employment bureauand engage an advertising man tosecure enumerators to take the 1920census if business along this linedoes not pick up within the next fewdays.The fact that applications must bein by October 15 and that applicantswill need a day or two to secure theblank application forms from theoffice of Supervisor Joe Morris doesnot seem to concern individuals whocontemplate employment in thiswork.Applicants are wanted from eachcounty in this district, which comprises the twelve counties of Oldham,Henry, Franklin, Owen, Woodford,Scott, Bourbon, Fayette, Clark, Powell, Estill and Lee. Tests will beheld during the week of October 27at points convenient to applicants ineach county. The tests are such thatindividuals of good judgment andcommon school education can easilypass, and the position is open to allpersons between the ages of 18 and70. Unemployed soldiers, sailors andmarines who have been honorablydischarged from the service are urged to apply, as well as civilians.Applicants who are accepted willbe assigned to their own districtsand should be able to make $6.00per day.Civic organizations, lodges, societies and representative individuals inthe counties named are requested asa patriotic and civic duty to urgecompetent persons to apply to Supervisor Joseph W. Morris, FederalBuilding, .Lexington, liy., lor positions an enumerators. The time isshort, as all applications must be inby October 15, so that arrangementsmay be made to hold the tests in thevarious counties, and organizationsand individuals are requested to takethe initiative without further ceremony. Political affiliation cannot be considered under the law in the selectionof enumerators and the qualifications mentioned leave the field opento hundreds of applicants in this district who are competent to assist intaking the census.oSIGNALS OF DISTRESSParis People Should Know How toRead and Heed Them.Disordered kidneys give many signals of distress.The secretions may be dark, contain sediment.Passages are sometimes frequent,scanty, painful.Backache is often present day andnight.Headaches and dizzy spells mayoccur.Weakened kidneys should receivequick help.Don't delay! Use a special kidneyremedy.Doan's Kidney Pills are for weakkidneys, backache and urinary disordeis. Paris evidence proves their worth.Chas. Stewart, tinsmith, Lillestonavenue, says: "I have had three orfour attacks of lumbago in the pastfew years, the first being the worst.There was a constant, dull ache inmy back all the time and oftensharp, cutting pains darted throughit. It sometimes seemed as though Icould hardly endure the misery. Itried different remedies with no results. I heard of Doan's KidneyPills and procured them from theArdery Drug Co. The first boxhelped me and I continued takingthem until cured. Attacks sincethen have always been slight. Doan'sKidney Pills have never failed to relieve me."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Stewart had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)' oMischlevousness of Youth.A young wife put down her bookwith a sigh. "What is it. darlinfrrher husband asked. "Ah, dearest, I amso happy!" she replied. "Yes, but youhad such a sad look in your eyes justnow." "I know, I've been readingabout the nnhappiness that the wivesof men of genius have always had tobear. Oh, Alfred, dear, I'm so gladyou're just an ordinary sort of fellow !""THESE EATS WOULDN'T EAT MYBEST GRAIN," SAYSERED LAMB.It's hard to keep rats out of a feedstore. Tried for years. A neighboring store sold me some RATSNAP. It worked wonders. Gathered up dead rats every morning.Bought more RAT-SNAP. Haven'ta rat now. They wouldn't eat mybest grain when I threw RAT-SNAParound." Three sizes, 25c, 50c,$1.00. Sold and guaranteed by theFarmer's Supply Co.(oct-adv)o .Winter Reading.Books of natural history make themost cheerful winter reading. I readin Aiulubon with a thrill of delight,when the snow covers the ground, ofthe magnolia, and the Florida keys,and their warm sea breezes; of thefence rail, and the cotton tree, and themigrations of the rice bird; of thebreaking up of winter in Labrador,and the melting of the snow on theforks of the Missouri. Thoreau.AN AGBEEABLE SUEPBISE."About three years ago when Iwas suffering from a severe cold onmy lungs and coughed most of thetime nierht and da.v t trior? ? vffiof Chamberlain's Cough Remedy andwas surprised at the promptnessWith Which it save me wHof "writes Mrs. James Brnw7i niai-Mills, N. Y. Many another has beenprompt relief afforded by this remedy. 'oct-adva -ism, r jsmm,QDI N IT mmgJmlWnCopynghtR. J. Reynolds&&?T rnu certainly get yoursJT call for a tidy red tin or a toppy red bag of Prince Albert and roll amakin's cigarette ! You'll want to hire a statistical bureau to keep countof your smokestunts ! Why, you never dreamed of the sport that liesawaiting your call in a home rolled cigarette when ifs P. A. for theI packing!Talk about flavor! Man, man, you haven't got the listen of half yoursmokecareer until you know what rolling 'em with P. A. can do for yourcontentment! And, back of P. As flavor, and rare fragrance proofs ofPrince Albert's quality stands our exclusive patented process thatcuts out bite and parch ! With P. A. your smokesong in a makin's cigarette will outlast any phonograph record you ever heard Prince Albertis a cinch to roll. It's crimp cut and stays put like a regular oal!Prince Albert upsets any notion you ever had as to how delightful ajimmy pipe can fie ! It is the tobacco that has made three men smokepipes where one was smoked before. It has won men all over the nationto the joys of smoking.R. J, REYNOLDS TOBACCO COMPANY, Wintton-Smlem, N. ClCONSTIPATION.The beginning of almost every serious disorder is constipation. If youwant to enjoy good health keep yourbowels regular. This is beet accomplished by proper diet and exercise,but sometimes a medicine is neededand when that is the case you willfind Chamberlain's Tablets are excellent. They are mild and gentle intheir action, easy and pleasant totake. Give them a trial. They onlycost a quarter.(oct-adv)FALLorMILLINERYFOR IMMEDIATEWEARTWIN BROS.Department Store7th and Main Paris, KyHOMEKILLEDMEATSVealPorkBeefLambIt's the BestTo Be HadMflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketSHOWNGK -, - rSm L"s -jWW- - -:--E-Hr i--fT jk NMWW v Wk ' HPt. 4-vj&& MW'sSk rJP-L f .r" flH-L ':.lfcw-r -ywr M .Tiisr v '-a B9""" ' a """Qsssss.. N ii. "" v " ' '"V v" w''1919 byTobacco Cowhen you lay your smokecards on&f , f t fHENDRICKS"THE SCREEN MAN"All Metal Window Screensand Weather StripsHIGGINS MANUFACTURING CO.MAKERS OFWINDOW EQUIPMENT-When you think of Window Screens and WeatherStrips, think of HENDRICKS.When you think of Hendricks, think of WINDOWSCREENS and WEATHER STRIPS.His Name is T. A; HENDRICKSand he lives and has offices at264 Rand Ave, Lexington, Ky.Telephone 2585A card simply addressed to "Hendricks, the ScreenMan, " will reach him, as he is the best known screenman in Kentucky.Ninety-eight per cent, of the screens in Bourboncounty are Higgins Manufacturing Company make.Higgins Metal Screens and Strips are recognized asthe best by all good architects.SPECIALDetroit Jewel Staves, Rangesand FurnacesMr, S, E. Guinn, of the Detroit StoveWorks, is with us for a few days.Come in and let him explain to youthe remarkable performances of theJewel Pipeless Eurnace and Combination Coal and Gas Ranges.GET A JEWELAND SAVE FUELT. W314 Main St..tllnln .-t-mir- C m BlSifaX7T7T7T7TnVPWWSend That Next JobBourbon News. Best&UK Ithe nationaljoy smokemakes a whaleof a cigarette tAxvaihniyour say-sc, you'llfind toppy red bags, tidy redtins, handsome pound andhalf pound tm humidorsand that classy, practicalpound crystal glass humidorwith spongexnoistcner topthat Jteeps Prince Albert msuch perfect condition 1the table,:yjjggn5-;!n2k ISPICERParis, KentuckylilltllHof Printing to TheWork; Right Prices&vmJL. 4$ X'.'- iJ ',,::i wr FRIDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1919THE BOTTRBOK HEWS, PARIS. KEHTUCKTC't t fm t xpies-$THE MOSTDANGEROUS DISEASENo organs of the human body are so4jBportnt to health and Ions life as thekidneys. When they slow up and commence to lapr in their duties, look out!Find out what the trouble is withoutdelay- Whenever you feel nervous,weak, dizzy, suffer from sleeplessness,or bavo palna in the back wake upat once. Your kidneys need help. Theseare siffns to warn you that your kidneys are not performing1 their functions properly. They are only halfdoing their work and aTe allowing- impurities to accumulate and be converted into uric acid and other poisons,which are "causing: you distress and willdestroy ytu unless they are drivenfrom your system.Get some GOLD MEDAL Haarlem OHCapsules at once. They are an old, tried,preparation used all over the world forcenturies. They contain only old-fashioned,soothing oils combined withstrength-giving and system-cleansingherbs, well known and used by physicians in their dally practice. GOLDMEDAL Haarlem Oil Capsules are imported direct from the laboratories inHolland. They are convenient to talcs,and will either give prompt relief oryour money will be refunded. Ask forthem at any drug store, but be sure toget the original imported GOLDMEDAL brand. Accept no substitutes.In sealed packages. Three sizes.A SENDER TRIBUTE TO A GOODERTEND.Luke McLuke, trie irrepressiblehumorist of the Cincinnati Enquirer, runs the gamut from gay to gravevery often. It seems that in spiteof the levity that creeps out inLuke's writings he has a heart ofgold and can depart from the beatentrack of humor to indite a sinceretribute to a departed friend. In a recent issue of the Enquirer, Lukewrites of the late Joseph Pugh, ofCovington, as follows, a tribute asfull of feeling as that Robert G. Ingersoll paid to the memory of hisbrother, or those of others whosepens dripped eloquence:"Luke lost a pal ana a real friendlast week when Colonel Joe Pugh, ofCovington, Ky., passed away. JoePugh. was one of nature's noblemen.His rugged honesty and his kindlydisposition found him 50,000 friendsand no acquaintances. To know Joewas to love him. In 20-odd yearsLuke never heard Joe Pugh speak anunkind word of any man. He madefortunes and he lost them, but henever lost his smile and his faith inhis fellowmen. Joe Pugh died a poorman because he carried his heart inhis pocketbook. He never refusedany man who was in trouble or inneed. And when, old Joe reached theGolden Gate St. Peter reached outthe hand of welcome and said: 'Comeright in, Joel Bless your heart, weare glad to see you! The RecordingAngel got writer's cramp from recording your good deeds in the BigBook.' "INDIGESTION, BniUOSNESS, CONSTIPATION.Chamberlain's Tablets have restored to health and happiness hundredswho were afflicted with indigestion,biliousness and constipation. If youare troubled in this way give them atrial. You are certain to be pleasedfor they will benefit you.IT PAYS TO ADVERTISEJacob Mattmiller, a tailor at 524South Second street, Louisville, Ky.,had a sign in his show window thatread as follows: "To Burglars:This Place Has Been Broken IntoTeh Times. I Dare You to BreakInto It Again!"And last week burglars brokeinto the place for the eleventh timeand got away with $200 worth ofgoods.(oct-adv)MtlGLEYSWW Im!ML I5c a packagebefore the warc a packageduring the warc a packageTHE FLAU0R LASTSSO DOES THE PRICE!1STBAPTISTS ENTHUSIASTIC OVER75 MILLION CAMPAIGNKentucky Baptists are becomingvery enthusiastic over the 75 MillionDollar Campaign that the SouthernBaptists are planning to rais in cashand pledges, November 30 to December 7, 1919. Of this large sum ofmoney, Kentucky was only asked togive six and one-half million dollars,but now that the campaign is getting under full swing, the Baptistsof the State and of the territory areall saying that this will be exceeded.Many speeches have been made aboutthe campaign and the causes thatwill be benefited by the moneygiven have been explained. As thepeople see the needs and realize whata privilege it is to have part in sucha great undertaking, they are allagreed that more should be done,and Kentucky Baptist are so enthusiastic that everywhere the sloganis, "Do more than is asked."There are 76 associations in theState and the majority of these havenow held their annual meeting andone has failed to heartily accept itsapportionment and practically everyassociation, as well as every church,has said, "We expect to go beyondwhat we are asked to do."PRESIDENT WILSON SAID TO BEIMPROVING.WASHINGTON Oct. 7. Presdent Wilson continues to improveand passed a satisfactory night, saida bulletin issued and signed by RearAdmiral Grayson, the President'sphysician; Rear Admiral Stitt, headof the Naval Medical School here,and Dr. Sterling Ruffin, of this city.Amplifying the bulletin Dr. Grayson said there was a slight improvement in the President's conditionand that he again insisted upon attending to public matters he considered pressing. The President particularly desired to write a messageto the Industrial Conference to beread at the opening session Monday.Dr. Grayson said he was not yetready for the President to do anywork and would continue to insistthat he have absolute quiet and restand keep his mind away from officialmatters. The physician fears thatany excessive activity on the part ofthe President might cause a reaction.While a spirit of optimism prevades the White House Monday because of the continued improvementin the President's condition Dr.Grayson said he did not want to betoo optimistic and would continue towatch his patient carefully.SLAUGHTER OE WHITES PLANNED BY NEGROESHELENA, ARK., Oct. 7. Bandsof negroes in southern PhillipsCounty, of which this city is the seatof crovernrnent. had nlanned a e-en-eral slaughter of white people in thislocality Monday according to members of the committee of seven an-pointed by civil authorities with thesanction of Governor Charles Broughwho announced that confessionsmade by some of the captured negroes and other information indicated a widespread plot.Members of the committee saidthe plans of the negroes included anunrisine in the event certain demands were not met. With October6 set as the day for the uprising,negro prisoners are said to have confessed, each member of the organization at specified places was to takea bale of cotton by that date to certain prominent land owners, plantation managers and merchants and"demand a settlement."oCATARRH CANNOT BE CUREDWith LOCAL APPLICATIONS, asthey cannot reach the seat of the disease. Catarrh is a local disease,greatly influenced by constitutionalconditions, and in order to cure ityou must take an internal remedy.Hall's Catarrh Medicine is taken internally and acts through the bloodon the mucous surfaces of the system. Hall's Catarrh Medicine wasprescribed by one of the best physicians in this county for years. Itis composed of some of the best tonics known, combined with some ofthe best blood purifiers. The perfectcombination of the ingredients inHall's Catarrh Medicine is what produces such wonderful results in catarrhal conditions. Send for testimonials, free.P. J. CHENEY & CO.,Props., Toledo, O.All Druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (oct-adv)K. OP C. TO GIVE MORE "VETS"COLLEGE COURSE.XIGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.IXSo successful have been the soldiers, sailors and marines in passingentry examinations conducted by various colleges and universities selected by the Knights of Columbusin their award of 100 free scholarships to war veterans, it has been decided unanimously by the Knights ofColumbus Committee to arrange togive each man who came throughwith a high percentage a chance toreceive a scholarship.o -.JAMES STUCKY SAYS, "RAT COSTME $125 FOR PLUMBINGBILLS."WOOD, STUBBS & COMPANY7 CUMULATIVE PREFERRED STOCKPreferred a to aeet and dividends. Annual Sinking Fond payments of10 of net earnings will be used to purchase Preferred Stock at not over110 and accrued dividend.Wet eandztsB for paat three years have averaged over four tines dividendreqvtreme&ta on this stock.Net quick assets equal $131 per share on all Preferred Stock, and total netassets equal $250 per share.PRICE lOO. Special Circular on Request.JAMES C. WILUSON & CO.2 lO IS. Fifth Street, LOUISVILLE, KY."We couldn't tell what was clogging up our toilet and drains. Wehad to tear up floor, pipes, etc.,found a rat's nest in basement.They had choked up pipes with refuse. The plumber's bill was $125.RAT-SNAP cleaned the rodent out."Three sizes, 25c, 50c, $1.00. Soldand guaranteed by the Farmers' Supply Company.(oct-adv)ROOSTER RAISED GUINEASMrs. Jennie Walker, of Scottcounty, has an old rooster which hasraised eight guineas until they arealmost grown. This old rooster hasJ done as well or better by the guinUnited States Tiresare Good Tires7fmlm- lltftllmmmll Mm VaHw -AW 1Tfuniup i , ,, nasi riMMMSiHnOTvrr ml,w: WSMMBBP" BjyM'CMaia"TvV'Royal Cord'-Most EconomicalWear life service mileage safety comfort. Theseare the things that count ina tire.These are exactly what youget in United States Tires,general all-round tire satisfaction.This greater total of tirevalues means greater economyless cost of maintenanceless repairs and depreciationCar owners who do theirown thinking prefer UnitedStates Tires. Their merit isrecognized everywhere. -We have them a type andsize for every car.We KNOW United States Tires are good tires. That's why we sell them.PARIS GARAGE (Eugene Roberts) Paris, Ky.RUGGLES MOTOR CO . Paris, Ky.MLLERSBURG HARDWARE CO., Mfflersburg, Ky.J. W. MITCHELL & SON North Middletown, Ky.MMMHHMIBBiHMMMgMBBBaaaaaa nc&$smHHaP 4assssSBSSSk '....MHaaMM;ou con dressbetter beforeone o$ ourBeauttJuAviewDress'mqTabks.4Mrs. HomeloVer:Has your wife a nice dresser? You want her tolook her best when you come home each evening,but have you made it "convenient for her to looknice after her housework is done?Buy her one of our nice dressers or dressingtables and see how she will enjoy "primping" foryou.Our furniture is artistic in design, high inQUALITY ann-LOW in PRICE. . - x'We've got the rug you want. , . :H"Li; r j -THE J. T. HINTON CO.EITHERPHONE 36 PARIS, KENTUCKY SIXTH AND WAINMotor Hearse Motor Invalid Coach Undertakingeas tnen a nen couia nave aone.FRIDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1919flfiX EIGHTTHE BOUEBON NEWS, PABI5, KEBWRJEtIiI11IftJft;&InYIifti:i'4afLliHIliI'llMILLERSBURGMrs. O. E. Hurst continuesfCbqut the same.Mrs. Anna Darnell continues5rt)Out the same.Lexington Maid and White RoseSpecial FJour, sold at Caldwell's.Prices right.Dr. C. C. Fisher, who has been&uite ill, is able to be out again.Mr. B. D. Scott, of Maysville,was the guest of Mr. R. M. Caldwell,ITuesday night.Drink Governor's Cup Coffee.It is the best you can buy for themoney. Try it and you will buy itigain. R. M. CALDWELL.Mrs. Jennie Neal left Thursdayor Cincinnati, where she will probably undergo an operation on heryes.the St. Joseph's -Hospital, Lexington,!Hast Saturday for treatment, ana an, operation may be necessary.Uall and get our prices on canneugoods, as we are now prepared toquote you prices either by the caseor any number of cans you may desire. R. M. CALDWELL.Born, on Tuesday to Rev. andMrs. A. S. Venable, Jr., a daughter,at the home of her parents, Mr. andMrs. J. A. Butler. Mother and babeare doing nicely.Dr. C. B. Smith left with Mrs.S. C. Carpenter for Battle Creek,Mich., Tuesday, where Mrs. Carpenter will undergo treatment. Dr.Smith will be present about ten days.Mr. J. S. Clarke and daughters,Misses Nannie and Edna Clarke,. Mr.D. E. Clarke and Mrs. R. M. Caldwell, attended the funeral of Mrs.John Allen, at Ewing, Monday afternoon. The deceased was a sister ofMr. J. S. Clarke.On account of the protractedmeeting at the Presbyterian churchDr CI TV Tiiflv nf T.PYinenn'was the suest of his brothers. Messrs. I the regular meeting of Amity LodgeJ. W. Judy and T. D. Judy, Tuesday .No. 40, F. & A. M., was called off.and Wednesday. from last Tuesday night until theMrs. C. M. Best was taken to v coming Tuesday night. All mem-400 STUDENTS ARE NOW TAKING"THE FUGAZZI WAY"The first month of the Fall Session finds us with an enrollmentof 400 pupils. Every indication points to this number beingincreased to 500 before the end of October.Our equipment and teaching force has been further increasedI in anticipation of this greatly increased enrollment, but inorder to avoid any possible disappointments we should like tohear at once from all those who are thinking of taking a business course this Fall. Simply write us the date you are planning to come and we will reserve a place for you.Remember we court a thorough investigation.Send For Free Catalogue"The Fugazzi Way"Here is a book written for ambitious young men and womenwho want to get along in the world. It contains a personalmessage for every young man, every young woman. It describes in full our methods and ideas, our various courses andadvantages of each, rates of tuition with much other information of vital interest to you.Send for this catalogue right now; get your copy immediately.It's FREE for the asking.tFUGAZZISCHOOL OF BUSINESSIncorporatedEfficiency Is Our Watchword"PROF. H. B. SOUTHERN. President MRS. L. V. JONES. Principal.L. P. SOUTHERN. Vice President and Business Manager1 18 NORTH UPPER STREET LEXINGtoN. KY.Phone 1576-XALAMOAFTERNOON, 2:00-5:30GRANDEVENING, 7:00-10:30ADMISSIONAdults 18c, war tax 2c 20cChildren and Gallery9c plus lc war tax 10cAlamo Afternoon and NightToday, FridayChas. RayIN"Bill Henry"ALSOAlso Anne Luther and CharlesHutchison in"The Great Gamble"ALAMO and GRANDTomorrow, SaturdayPAULINE FREDERIGKIN"The Peace ofRoaring River"Also Mr. and Mrs. Carter DeHaven in "After the Bawl"And James Corbett in "ThMidnight Man."Alamo Night OnlyMonday, October 13thBlanche SweetIN"The Warrensof Virginia"AlsoHolmes Travel Picturebers are urged ta be present, as therewill be special work.The protracted meeting which isin progress at the Presbyterianchurch, continues with unabated in-,terest. Dr. Thacker, who is conducting the meeting, is an able andpowerful speaker, and is drawinglarge audiences at every service.The music, which is under the direction of Mr. and Mrs. Armstrong,is equally good. The meeting willprobably close Sunday night. Noservices on Saturday. There will bequite a number of additions to thevarious churches when the meetingcloses.oB-4 TIREInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,AgtsDEATHS.McCarthy.James B. McCarthy, two-year-oldson of Mr. and Mrs. Howard McCarthy, died Tuesday at the home ofhis parents, on Winnie street. The ifuneral was held Wednesday afternoon at three o'clock, with servicesconducted at the grave in the ParisCemetery, by Rev. C. W. Greer, pastor of the Paris Methodist church.HUE DESTROYS BUSINESS HOUSES m MADISONVLLLE.Fire originating in the producehouse of M. T. Ragon, at Madisonville, destroyed a whole block and resulted in damage to the amount ofseveral thousand dollars. The fire isbelived to have been- the work of in.-cendiaries.Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanLIST YOUR PROPERTY NOW.SAVE PENALTY.Come in and list your property today, the time limit isnear when a penalty will go on.The law requires you to cometo our office In the CourtHouse. Do it NOW.WALTER CLARK,Tax Commissioner.JNO. J. REDMON,Deputy.(aug8-tf)7ftUOpening DisplayNEW FALL BOOTSGreatest selections of most magnificent Fall Footwear we have ever offered. Superior in everydetail of quality and style, we have marked pricesthat must be a strong incentive to buy now.BE CORRECTLY SHOD!,See the new modelscompare prices, andthe big savings affordedwill snr1v ma If ifYirsif-li irntiv oftanl'iAn X t .., JE7nunu juui auiiuiivutu I!:h :. iLadies' soft, smooth-fitting Kid, inblack and brown, Louis or Cubanheel, W.-O. and other best makes. . .7.95Men's Walk-Over, dark tan, madeon the English or other lasts foryour fit, at7.95School Shoes For Boys and GirlsWear-Resisting, Stylish Shoes at Prices FarLess Than They Can Be Made.DON'T MISS THIS OPPORTUNITY. Have the children properly shodfor school with a pair of these gcod looking and serviceable shoes. Seethem and compare prices.MILAM.Relatives in Paris and the county have received announcement ofthe recent death in Atlanta, Ga., ofMrs. Robert Milam. Mrs. Milam wasa sister of the late Dr. W. M. Miller,of Millersburg, and is survived byher husband, two daughters, Mrs.Charles Bowen and Mrs. John Shell;one son, John Milam, of Atlanta,and two brothers, Raymond and LeeMiller. The funeral and burial tookplace in Atlanta.SPEARS.The funeral of Mrs. E. F. Spears,who died at her home, on Highstreet, in this city, Monday evening,after a long illness, was held at theresidence Wednesday afternoon, at3:30, with services conducted byRev. Fraftk W. Eberhardt, of Georgetown, former pastor of the Paris Baptist church. The interment tookplace on the family lot in the, ParisCemetery. The pall-bearers ' wereJohn "Woodford, Catesby Woodford,Jr., E. F. Spears, Charles Spears andBrutus J. Clay.In the death of this Christian woman the community loses one of itsbest citizens, one w&o was alwaysready to aid in a substantial way anyworthy cause; the Presbyterianchurch loses one of its most devotedand faithful members, and her family a wise counsellor and friend.She had endeared herself to all whoknew her by her gentleness, hersympathy, her dignity, and her willingness to help those in distress. Shewas one to whom neither station norcircumstance mattered in administering of her bounty in cases of need,) and her name is enshrined in the? list of those whose right hand never', let the left know what it was doing.Y. M. C. A. NOTESGrowing Girls' Mahogany Tan Eng. m qShoes at ztmUDKSiTfnEn.g-.$4.00and $3.49Gun Metal English BootsMisses'atMisses' andBoots at...Children's Gun Metal$3.49$2.49Men's MahoganyShoes atTanEnglish djr qcHsh shoes at.??. . . "g. .$3.49 and $4.50...$3.49...$1.99Boys' Gun Metal English ShoesatBoys' Gun Metal Lace Shoesat ,DAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy Reign19A delegation of eight representingthe Bourbon county Y. M. C. A., attended the John R. Mott luncheon atLouisville. The following men werein the party: Messrs. Ernest Darnaby, Clintonville; H. A. Power, J. T.Tucker and C. C. Green, Paris; Revs.Adams, Van Winkle and E. M. Pruitt, Millersburg, and C. B. Harrison,Secretary of the Y. M. C. A. The following day Mr. Harrison visitedCamp Zachary Taylor and purchaseda large amount of athletic goods forthe Bourbon county schools.The next step in the South-wideCampaign will be the District Conference to be held at the PhoenixHotel, in Lexington, Friday noon,October 10. The Paris and Lexington districts are uniting in this conference and will be addressed by Mr.W. T. Perkins, of New York, Campaign Director for Lexington. Alarge delegation is expected fromBourbon county.On account of the "WomanlessWedding" rehearsal held in the Y.M. C. A. Gymnasium last night theYoung Men's Gymnasium Class metfrom 7 to 8 p. m. on that eveninginstead of 8 to 9 p. m.At a meeting of Sunday Schoolworkers at the Y. M. C. A. it wasdecided to hold a County Conferenceof Bourbon County Sunday Schoolworkers in Paris on Friday, October24, for the purpose of organizing aCounty Sunday School Association.Mr. J. C. Vaughn, ttie well-knownSunday School worker, has been invited to address the conference anda big meeting is" expected. Bourboncounty is one of the few countiesthat is not organized. The conference will be held in the Methodistchurch in Paris. Messrs. O. L.Davis, H. A. Power, A. L. Boatng-ht,I J. T. Tucker and C. B. Hairison were'appointed a committee to work upthe conference. Mr. Geo. A. Joplin,I I State Sunday School Secretary, waspresent.oSTOCK, CROP, ETC.Richard H. Wills, of Paris,bought and shipped to Dr. Shaw, ofBishopville, South Carolina, two fineshow horses, for which he paid $500and $600, one trotting colt for $125,and two others at $150 each.sFALL SEEDSBtst quality Northern GrownRosen Seed Rye, Less quantity per acre. Yields more thanany other variety. Also havehighest quality Seed Wheat andTimothy Seed.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.Attraction Extraordinary!Alamo Afternoon-Grand at NightMONDAY AND TUESDAYMARY PICKFORDIN JEAN WEBSTER'S CELEBRATED PLAY"DADDYLONG LEGS"THE LOVE STORY OF AN ORPHAN.Incomparably the Greatert Pickf ordPicture Ever MadeScenes that will rock you with laughterScenes that will touch your heartAdmissionADU LTS 31c plus 4c war tax 35cCHILDREN AND GALLERY-22c plus 3c war tax... 25 cGrand Opera HouseWednesday, Oct. 15th, at 8 P. M.THEWOMANLESSWEDDINGPRESENTED BYBOURBON COUNTY WOMEN'S CLUBS, Proceeds to be used in buying plates for thetrees in the MEMORIAL GROVE to be planted inthe cemetery in memory of the Bourbon boys wholost their lives in the late war."THE WOMANLESS WEDDING"Is a FARCE COMEDY OF MERIT and will bethoroughly enjoytd by those who attend.Grand Opera House Friday, Oct. 10PRICES 50c, $1.00, $1.50, $2.C0 AND WAR TAXSEATS ON SALE AT BOX OFFICE5o!JN CORT PRESENTS TIESeION'S 5ENSAT10HAL SUCCESSAND HER PERFECT! 36" CHORUSgpREDOg&ACaMMuvioa H THE ONLY COttEpy CHORUSA VERITABLE ARMY Q HHHHSINGERS-COMEDIANS BBiKE.AND. LOVELY GIRLSJVfflK1 tct tied by Company. Broadway cast of piaytrsand boauty chorus. Captivating music. Good ctmMly. Carload of sctneryi Stunning gowns. Forty ptaptt.