Vt'f&fTHENEWSni-i'3V ?ftA$tJXjPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRI VY IN THE YEAR.TraVOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 11. 1919BOURBONCONGRESS ADOPTS RECORDBREAKING REVENUE BILL.The House concluded its work onthe record-breaking war revenuehill by adopting 310 to 11 after sixhours discussion the conferees'agreement on the measure. It nowgoes to the Senate for final approval,which is expected early this week.The conference report which proposes to raise six billion dollars intaxes this year and more than fourbillions anually until repealed, willbe taken up by the Senate immediately after disposal of the womansuffrage resolution. Its adoption bythe House and its approval byPresident Wilson are regarded asassured.During debate in the House'Democratic and Republican leadersjoined in declaring that the bill'stax levies were too low, both forthis year and 1920, and predictedthat the taxes must be provided bythe next congress. ')where enjoment featured the dance,based, however, on its tax imposts,but to minor amendments, particularly the child labor legislation. Amotion by Representative Venableto recommit the bill and strike outthe child labor section was defeated,171 to 15.Besides the child labor provisionseveral House members criticised"as a pittance" the $60 pay bonusprovided for persons dischargedfrom military service.TITBLIC SALE OF DESIRABLE CYPRESS STREET HOME.One of the most attractive homesin the residential portion of the cityof Paris is that of Mr. WallaceClark, on Cypress street. Havingmoved to Boston, Mass., eto reside,Mr.Clark will sell this home at public auction on the premises, on Tuesday afternoon, February 18, at twoo'clock. The sale will be conductedby Harris & Speakes, with Col. Geo.D. Speakes as auctioneer. Here is anexcellent ojjortunity to get a fcnodern, commodious, well-arrangedhome.-o-INSURANCE.sFire, Tornado, Lightning,Automobile and Hail.YERKES & PEED.- (janl4-tf)FRANLADIES1 OUTFITTERSiCLEARANCENOW GOING ON ,i"4 i'. t Special Prices On x ."wr c SHEETS '. ,7 SHEETINGBLANKETS ), COTTON BATTSExtra Special PricesSUITSCOATS. . -; ,and DRESSES vsxv,,. REMNANTS OF ALL KINDS.-FRANK & CO.wLADIES' OUTFITTERSADMINISTRATORS ULE SUITAGAINST LOCAL COMPANIESIn the office of Circuit Court ClerkWilliam H. Webb, yesterday, suitwas filed jointly against the ParisGas & Electric Co. and the ParisHome Telephone Company by thePeoples-Deposit Bank & Trust Company, acting as administrator of theestate of Mrs. Etta C. Curtis, wife ofMr. Henry C. Curtis.The petition alleges that Mrs. Curtis lost her life v on December 11,1918, through being electrocuted bycoming into contact with a high voltage wire. It is alleged in the petition that the two companies hadstrung their wires on the same pole,and that a wire of the telephonecompany had become crossed with ahigh tension wire of the Paris Gas& Electric Co., and had been wrapped around an iron step driven intothe pole, which Mrs. Curtis, it wasalleged, caught hold of and receivedthe shock which caused her death.The" petition asks for damages inthe sum of $15,000, with interest.The bank, acting as guardian forMrs. Curtis' young son who, it wasalleged, was severely burned aboutthe hands and feet at the same timehis mother is said to have been killed, also filed a suit, asking for damages in the sum of $7,500, allegingthat the boy's injuries were such asto permanently disable him frommaking his own living.AT THE ALAMO AND THE PARISGRAND.To-day, Tuesday, February 11.Marguerite Clark, in "The GooseGirl;" Antonio Moreno and CarolHolloway,x in "The Iron Test;"Pathe comedy, "Love's YoungScream."To-morrow, Wednesday, February12. Charles Ray, in "The Law ofThe North;" Big V. comedy, "Boobsand Bumps;" Paramount Pictrograph. Thursday, February 13. At theAlamo afternoon, only, Norma Tal-madge, in "Her Own. Way;" ScreenTelegram and Lyons-Morgan comedy.At the Prais Grand, night, Hauk'sSunshine Girls, in program of singing, dancing and comedy.READ PAGE TWO!Farmers, real estate men, thoselooking for a home or an investment, should read page two of thisissue of THE NEWS. There theywill find a large niimber of displayadyertisejments offering good property inducements to the investor.K& CO.For Comforts vv ..TOBACCO MARKETSThe Bourbon Tobacco Warehousesold a total of 84,825 pounds of tobacco at the sale held yesterday,which broughta total of $,45,497.03,an average of $52.63. The- qualityof the offerings was fair. Some ofthe best crop averages follow: .Palmer & Haney, 3,404 pounds, average $71.80; Palmer & McClain, ,915 pounds, average $71.53;, J. D.Henry, 9,015 pounds, average $62.39; Wyatt & Fogle, 2,305 pounds, average $49.90; Simms & Wiftf, 3,160pounds, average $35.74; Bedford &May, 7,195 pounds, average $73.02;Smith & Bunker, 4,585 pounds, average $59.53; May & Rose, "2,50pounds, average $58.04; Mitchell l&Williams, 12,270 pounds, average$60.48; Hedges & Bell, 2,545 pounds,average $41.58; Bell & Kennedy, 2,045 pounds, average 57.08; Wright& Watkins, 2,370 pounds, average$48.05; Crouchpounds, averageWright, 3,530$64.63; Tate && Lavin, 2,330$36.73; W. M.pounds, averageHendricks, 4,635pounds, average $44.56; Buckner &January, 2,345 pounds, average$46.93; Worthington & Fowler, 2,270 pounds, average $43.70J. Y. Allison, 3,025 pounds, average $73,00.Virgil Gaitskill and Chas. Doylebought last" week from Brooks &Snapp, vkof Austerlitz, this county,their crop of about 16,000 pounds oftobacco, at $67.50 a hundred pounds.The purchasers are to haul the tobacco from the premises. This issaid to be one one of the finest cropsof tobacco in Bourbon county, andthe purchasers expect to sell thisprepniifm crop at a good profit.CARD OF THANKS FROM HEALTH& WELFARE LEAGUE .The Bourbon Health and WelfareLeague wishes to thank, the" peopleof Paris and Bourbon county for responding to thir call to becomemembers of the League. Especiallydo they wish to thank the variousprecinct chairmen, Mrs. FrankLowry, Mrs. W. H. Whitley, Mrs.Denis Dundon, Mrs. W. O. Hinton,Mrs. Albert Hinton, Mrs. John Connell, Mrs. J. W. Bacon, Mrs. JohnDavis, Mrs. Jrlian Frank, Mrs. Willis Liver, Mr:?. John Brennan, MissMartha Ferguson, Mrs. ThompsonTarr, Mrs. J. W. Ferguson, Mrs. Geo.Current, Mrs. Sajm Clay, Mrs, AllieDickson and Mrs. W. B. Woodford.On account of so much sickness thedrive in some parts of the county hasbeen postponed until next month: Ifthere is anyone who has not beensolicited to become a member of theLeague, and should care to join' andthus do their bit to relieve the suffering and want in -this community,they can hand their dues, fifty centsa year, to any of the above-mentionedchairmen, or to Mrs. C. O. Hinton, at the First National Bank,Treasurer of the League, or to MissMary Spears, Chairman of the Membership Drive Xor 1919.PARIS AND WINCHESTER TEAMSBREAKEVEN.The Winchester High School girlswere defeated in the first game atWinchester, Friday evening by theParis High School girls by a score of28 to 3.The main attraction of the evening came in the last game, the contest between the Paris High' Schoolboys and the Winchester High Schoolboys. The game resulted in one ofthe hardest fought contests seen inWinchester this season, the first halfending in a tie score of. 15-15.In the last half of the game Parisfailed to score, while Winchester inprPSHArl their score bv six DOints.McCourt and Baker did the best workfor Winchester, while Rice was always in the lime light for Paris.The Paris High girls' team linedup as follows: Elder, right forward;Harper, left forward; Baldwin, center; McClintock, right guard; Alexander, left guard; subs for Paris,Collier for Elder, Kenney for" McClintock. The boys' team line-up was as folinwa Roberts, rierht forward; Mc-Intyre, left forward; Rice, center;im i i 1, n.nl- Ttim Arm lpftguard. The referees were Strother,of the K. W. C, and Broaddus, ofthe Winchester High School,.ATTEND THE CLARK SALE ONTUESiJAx, JbJ!iJJJtUiU t io.In this iseue of - THE -NEWJS appears the display advertisement of.Mr. Wallace Clxk, announcing thesale of his handsoine home on Cypress street, to be conducted on thepremises on Tuesday afternoon, February 18, at two o'clock, :under! the.direction of Harris & Speakes.- :Thehome is one of the, most complete' inthe city, with a lot: 5 0x1 50 feet, rutfning back to a fifteen-foot alley.. oT-TOTTOTi WOOD IN RACE iVHBAILROAD COMMISSIONER;thecfnnUv n Wnnd. editor OfMt. Sterling Gazette, is a candidatefor the Republican nomination forRailroad Commissioner torsucceed H.G. Garrett, of Winchester, whosesecond term expires January 1,1 ftOft "wj'iiM. xvnnA ic n crm of the lateJohn C. Wood, who -established andj v nn-irrkto. nnrt who servedtwo terms as Railroad Commissioner.AGRICUXTURAL MEETING.Farmers and business men ofBourbon county will jmeet with theBourbon Fiscal Court, Saturday afternoon, January 15th, at 2 o'clockfor the purpose of taking up theproposition of employing a countyagricultural agent for Bourboncounty and the appointment of acounty board of agriculture to act asan administrative board in localmatters, and direct the activities ofthe county agent in the county, andas a co-oDerative agency with theState Colleee of Agriculture of Kentucky and the U. S. Department ofAgriculture.Mr. L. S. Robbins, who has beendoing -extension work in Bourbon,Fayette and Nicholas counties, hasbeen employed by the Board of Agriculture of Fayette county and theState College of Agriculture to workin Fayette county alone during theyear 1919 and this necessitates someaction on the part of Bourbon countyto perpetuate the work in thiscounty, which has been going on forover a year.,The farmers of Bourbon countywere saved over ? 3,5 00 last springon the purchase price of seed cornalone, besides being put in touchwith seed corn of a guaranteed germination of 90 per cent, or over; Invarious ways has the extension work,carried on in Bourbon county duringthe last year been a material benefitto the county. The boys' and girls'agricultural clubs have made a material success of their work tne pastvear. and the work along this linebids fair to take rank with the bestagricultural clubs in the UnitedStates.The club show for 1918 was heldat North Middletown, and prizeswere offered the boys and girls bythe citizens of that comjmunity. Awonderful interest was stimulatedand the good work of the College ofAgriculture was highly praisea onall sides. Garnett Henry, .son or ut.L. R. Henry, was the boy selected bytiA r.oiiArA of Agriculture for a tripift the State Fair, at Louisville, withall his expenses defrayed Dy tneCollege of Agriculture, because ofmeritorous work along agriculturallines in the club work. Gamett wasamember of the Pig Club and wasawarded the trip because of interest and sucess in producing a fineindividual of the Duroc JerseyJersey species of hogs.Increasing the alfalfa acreage ofthe county; the growing of soy beansand more and better live stock forthe wonderfully fertile county ofBourbon is the progra!.n proposed bythe College of Agriculture for Bour-,bcm during 1920,The TT. "S. Department or Agriculture and College of Agriculture ofKentucky University is to pay onehalf the salary and expenses in Bourbon county this year, contingent upon an appropriation by the countywhich will be used by the countyboard of agriculture to defray theexpenses connected with the work,such as the development of a countyagricultural agent; an agent forHome Demonstration work and suchother expenses which will arise inconnection with the work.Farmers of Bourbon county areurgeiKJy requested to be present atthis meeting, at which time Mr.Geoffrey Morgan, State AgriculturalAgent, will address the meeting.Speeches will be made by Mr. RalphMorgan, of the State College of Agriculture, and-Stfr. L. S. Robbins,County Agent of Fayette County.A CHANCE TO MAKE GOOD INVESTMENT. Anyone looking for a good investment cannot do better than to attendthe public sale to-be held in frontof the court liouse door in PariB, Ky.,Saturday, Feb. 22. Dr. J. A. Gilkeywill, at that time ana piace, ouerfor sale at public outcry two nicemnii farms.. well-located near Paris,and very desirable property. Readthe display aoverasejmeni m .issue describing the property and attend the sale. u-wDEFECTIVE ELTJE DAMAGESDTJ1TC5AI4 AVENUE HUME.a ainrm frnm Box 17 called thefire department Sunday night to thehome of Mr. and Mrs. I. D. Thrnp-son, on Duncan avenue. . au yw-heated furnace causea Durmns suutfrom the flue to start a nre unaer meroof, which communicated to theattic and ior a ume micaicucu wassume serious proportions. It wasfinally controlled when Tom Cravena volunteer, took the only ladderiaA Viv thA-"denartment" anaLsucceeded in reaching the roof, andafter cutting a noie in u, asiueu ujthe fire department, succeeded in extinguishing the flames. Mr. Thompson-requests THE NEWS to thankMr. Craveir, -Mayor January and thevolunteers, who were- entirely responsible for saving hi& home. Healso suggests that all owners of 2story property purchase a ladder thatwill-reach, the top of their house andkeep it on the premises for use incase of a like occasion. .The property loss was considerableby -water and smoke, but was entirely covered by insurance.BAKES TO CL0S3E POE HOLIDAYTO-MORROW.The banks of Paris will be) closedto-morrow (Wednesday) on' accountnf hnlldav T.incoln.'s 'birthday. It isa State holiady." The' postoffice willbei.ofi. '.V-fIN THE SERVICE OF THEIRCOUNTRY.'Private Welburn Crump has received an honorable discharge fromthe service at Camp Knox, nearStithton, and has returned to hishome near Little Rock, this county.In the casualty lists published inthe daily papers of Sunday, appearsthe name of Franklin Wesley Shears.rwf "Pn-ris iitiiIot fho 'hoarUncr i"Wounded, -Degree Undetermined."Wm. C. Houston, of Paris, who hasbeen in the service in France, andwho arrived in New York about tendays ago, writes to Paris relativesfrom Charleston, South Carolina,that all his company had been placedin quarantine there on account ofthe influenza.Corp. Ford Fithian, formerly ofParis, has received his final discharge papers from the service, andhas resuimed his old position with theR. G. Dunn & Co., commercial agencyat Charleston, W. Va. Corp. Fithianwas stationed in the general headquarters office at Camp Lee, nearPetersburg, Virginia.Private Marion Douglas telegraphed his mother, Mrs. JamesDouglas, of Paris, of his safe arrivalin New York from France. He stated that he would be detained for atime at Camp Mills, in New Jersey,but expects to- receive his dischargesoon from the service and return toParis.Corporal Charles Boughner has returned to his old hcpne in this countyafter a service of seven months in theAmerican Expeditionary Force inFrance. Corp. Boughner was a guestSunday of his sister, Mrs. SamuelKennedy, in this city. He has received his final discharge papers,and will remain in Bourbon county.Junius Riggs, son of Mr. WillardRiggs, who was chauffeur for MissLetitia Clay, near Paris, for severalyears, has been mustered out of theservice at Camp Taylor, and returned to Paris. Young Riggs volunteered in the service and enlisted atLexington in the National Guard.He was in France as a mfaber ofthe Cyclone Division of the American Expeditionary Forces, and wason one of the transports which wastorpedoed before landing.PrivateFred"MHIer, who went'tothe Vancouver, Washington, Cantonment with the "Bourbon county misfits," returned to Paris, Saturday,having received his final dischargepapers at Camp Zachary Taylor.Fred, like all the others, who spentso long a time in the open woods,WE KNOW HOWWINTERHAS JUST BEGUNAnd to be comfortable and warm you muttthe right kind of clothes. Our Suits and Overcoatsyou will find to be excellent values for$30.00$35.00$40.00,All wool garments that will stand the wear and tearthat winter time weateer brings on clothing wornoutdoors.Protect Your FeetFrom Ice and SnowBy wearing Dr. Reed's Cushion Sole Shoes, madewith an invisible cork sole that not only makesyour feet feel comfortable, but keeps the dampnessout and protects them from die cold.$9.00 PER PAIRNettleton Fine Shoci in winter weights, 1$alfskins and kidsT$ 12.00 per pair.MITCHELL &REAL ESTATE TRANSACnOJS ,The A. J. Ritchie lands in Nickolas county were sold at public- sleSaturday by Auctioneer George D. "Speakes, of Paris. The purchaserwas A. T. Simonds, who paid $50,000 for the 350 acres. AuctioneerSpeakes also sold tjie property ofMrs. Ella Summers, on South Main,street, at public auction, to Mr. OrieCollier, for $4,430, and later in thday sold his own home in East Paristo Mr. Aaron Linville, for $2,500.Mr. Reuben Slaughter purchasedof Miss Sara Daniel a modern bungalow located at the corner of Mainand Boone streets, at a price notgiven out for publication.Mr. W. E. Hill, of near LittleRock, has sold his farm to Mr. John.Myers, of Headquarters, Niqholascounty, for $225 an acre. Possessiongiven March 1.Mrs. Nellie Stoker Highland 1xmrented her desirable, country home,"Howardhaven," on "Second street,just outside the limits of Paris,- tcMr. Matt Lair, tor a term of yeAri.Mr. Lair will be given possession ofthe property, which comprises a- comfortable home, and 64-1 .n.rAff sLhniifthe first of next month, and irilfmove to it. .The farjm of the late Mr. JoslMansfield, formerly of Paris, locatedon the Newtown and Leesburg pikes,in Scott county, was sold at publicauction to Mr. James Mulligan. Thefarm, containing 120 acres, brought$188 an acre.The Paris Realty Company sold forMr.C. L. Hughes his one-story framecottage on East Nineteenth street, toMr. Earl Shanklln, for $2,800. Mr.Shanklin will move to the property.Mr. Wm, C. Bell, of Paris, purchased through Mr. Chas. P. Mannthe forty-nine acre farm of Mr. WS. Deering on the Prescott pike nearNorth Middletown, at a private pricelHarris & Speakes sold- for Mrs.Eliza Harris, of Bath county, theone-story frame cottage at the corner of Brent and Nineteenth streets,in the Fair Grounds Addition, to'MnBurnett, for $2,200. Mr. Burnett willoccupy the property as a home.Mr. Clayton Curtis bas leased ofMr. F. Jj. Ritchie the Cline place, inNorth Middletown, recently purchased by the latter, and will move to itMarch 1. The Howard family,, former occupants of the property, havejmoved to Montgomery county.Mr. Mark Stuart, recently of NorthMiddletown, has purchased the E. H.Clubb farm on the Newcastle pike,one mile from Eminence for $21,350.The farm contains 106 acres. Mr.Stuart will get possession on March1st.looks the picture of health, and sayshe has gained, oh, ever so manypounds He will spend a few daysin Paris, thengo to Cincinnati, his.old home towni for a visit, and probably return to Paris.j.HtI:n-Vi"-fBLAKEMOREj"--vr-o--- 'fCartymugT.-L-T. "fr ".:V, -S .jf -?AGE.TWOTHE BOURBON SHEWS, PABIS, KENTUCKY.MESDAY, FEBRUARY" 11, IfilIHE BOURBON NEWSJ cannot reach the seat or the disease.Bitttlilhed 1881 37 Years of Con- ' Catarrh is a local disease, greatly intuitions Publication i fluenced by constitutional conditions,' and in order to cure it' you must take.,. , , , , , ., 'an internal remedy. Hall's CatarrhrMasned Every Tuesday and Enday ' Medicine is taken internally and actsrme Yx. . $2.00 6 Months. . $1.00 through the blood on the mucous sur-P&yable in Adavance. faces of the system. Hall's Catarrh! Medicine was prescribed by one of thebest physicians in this country forIWIPr CHAMP, Editor and Owner. J w s ae of some of. , uiwi ooiv v w.w tne best tonjcg known,combined with. ' some of the best blood purifiers. Theperfect combination of the inl(aRtred at the Paris, Kentucky, ' gredients in Hall's Catarrh MedicinePofttoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)Any erroneous reflection upon theJfcaracter, standing or reputation of9mj person, firm or corporation whichmmy appear in tne columns or thwBOURBON NEWS will be gladly corc tod, If brought to attention of theADVERTISING RATES. Display Advertisements, $1.00 per4ch for first time; 60 cents per Inchoh subsequent Insertion.' Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineachigBue; reading notices in blacki7p4Kcents per line, each iseue.- CarW of thanks, calls on candlate, obituaries and resolutions, andfmllar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertise-abu and yearly contracts.The right of publisher Is reseivedto decline any advertiaement or otheraatter for publication.Announcements for political officesaraat invariably be accompanied byaa cash.' EDECOEIAI MUSINGS.Would Be Some TownDuring the recent epidemic of theSpanish influenza, which spread allover the world and left its trail ofdeath and sickness across America,there was scarcely a community inall the land that escaped. In manytowns, especially in Central Kentucky, and in the mountain sectionor the .State, the situation was des'lKjrate for days, and then the realhuman kindness of the averageiieighbor was discovered.Here in Paris many volunteerpurses, both pnen. and women, wentinto the homes of the afflicted andrendered the most menial services,without thought of reward. Through.the kind and unremitting effortsod unflagging devotion of Mrs. Harriet Minaker, Visiting Nurse for theBourbon County Health and WelfareLeague, hundreds of patients whowere unable to take 'care of themselves, were cared for, and the broad.aide of humanity, as exemplified inthe unselfish work of good women,wasjshown to the world. The warfcad. awakened many of our betterami finer sensibilities. We had already learned to serve and to denyand to give. But it was the influ'eaza epidemic that laid the capsheaf on our appreciation of theGolden Rule. "Do unto others as youJwould have them do unto you.". Before the people of Paris fallpsjzk into their old-time routine ofapathy and indifference, and beforeit is too late, we want to say that.the volunteer labor rendered by'some of our people in that time of"trouble was one of the finest exam-Tles of Christian service we haveJtarer seen in tfcis community. Butwhy Is it that we must be rudely.Jarred by affliction before we realizeJfc&fr ;bettty of the service, the re-ward of kindness, the Infinite joy oftfplng unto others as we would thatotters would do unto usfCan we not here in Paris hold tothe lessons we learned during thear, and the Influenza epidemic, andt,4oatlnue to make Paris the abidingtylajce of brotherly love and help andsymw$by-to all in trouble? What aglorious dwelling place Paris would."be if we always felt toward eachnether, and took the same interest in-each other, as we did during the darkaad forbidding days of the influenzaepidemic. 'm. Another good thing about the fly-ing an angel does is that he ieverlusts to light upon the top of a houseand bawl for someone to help himdown..BETTER THAN tMflflThousands Have Discovered Dr.Edwards Olive Tablets area Harmless Substitute.Ik. Edwards' Olive Tablets the substi,vfpte for calomel ere a mild but surelocative,, aod their effect on the liver is"J akaoBtinstintaneous. They are the result:.' if Dr. EdwarrfS'.dstermination not to treat" three aad bowel complaints with calomcL5 His effort to banish it brought out thesej little olive-colored tablets.These pleasant little tablets do the goodtiytfc calomel does; but have no bad afterI idfecti. They don't Injure the teeth likebtroacKqukk or calomel. They take hold6 E the trouble and quickly correct it Whyr bare the liver at the expense of the teeth?Cttoo&el sometimes plays havoc with thejpMMfi. S strong liquids. It is best not" to take calomel, but to let Dr. Edwards'' OUe Tablets take its place.v' Matt- headaches, "dullness" and that:y feelinc come from constipation anda Aaorderad liver. Take Dr. Edwards''Oft Tablets when you led "Joggy" andrtry." Note bow they "dear" cloudedM mjMmw they perk up" the spiritsljciifinfccaboa. AH druggists.CATARRH CANNOT BE CUBED.with. LOCAL APPLICATIONS, as they: is what produces such wonderful re-!-suits in catarrhal conditions.Sendfor testimonials free.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (Adv. Feb)FOR SALETwenty farm mares, 4 to 6 yearsold, fresh from the country.Thirty good jmules, 4 to 6 yearsold. 'For sale privately at our barns atthe stock yards.CAYWOOD & McCLINTOCK.(31jan-3wk)0. H. WIK0FFReal Estate and Live Stock Auctioneer the man who knows howExperience counts.Call Bourbon Tobacco Warehouseor address Box 266, Paris, Ky.(7-4t)WANTED..To rent home near business section of Paris, in a desirable locality, suitable for a boarding house.Call or address,MRS. JOHN LAIR,Home Phone 3016, Paris, Ky.(7-tf)FOR RENT.Store room, fronting onstreet in Masonic Temple.MainSingle room, second floor, runningwater, elevator acommodations, foroffice use or living apartpnent.0. T. HINT0N,Agt., Masonic Temple.Dissolution Notice.The firm of Stone & Tarr has beenmutually dissolved, as of January 1,1919, Mr. Stone retiring and Mr.Tarr taking charge of the business.All parties owing firm are requestedto call ana settle.(24-3tF) STONE & TARR.PUBLICOFStock, lmplements,&cHaving sold my farm, I will sell at public auction on the premises,known as the Wyatt farm, 1 mile from Paris, on the North Middletownpike, onThursday, Feb. 20, 1919,beginning at ten o'clock, the following stock, crop, farming implements,etc:1 team mules, 6 and 7 years old;team mules, 8 and 9 years old;1 seven-year-ld horse, will work. or drive anywhere ;1 four-year-old gelding, well broken;1 work mare, in foal to jack;1 yearling pony,, broke for children;6 No. 1 Jersey cows ;2 Jersey heifers:1 white faced bull:5 calves;4 brood sows;37 sheen, due to lamb in March :1 young Duroc boar;45 shoats, will weigh about 60 poundseach;1 Black Hawk corn planter;1 Bie: Four McCormick mower:. eight-foot McCormick binder;1 Black Hawk manure spTeader;1 ten-hole Kentucky grain drill;1 eieht-foot double Goiter nacker:ten-hole Kentucky gram drill ;1 Tiger tobacco setter;1 potato planter;1 bull rake;1 self -dump steel rake ;1 tandem double disc harrow; '2 riding cultivators ; '1 spring trip walking cultivator;2 two-horse wagons ;2 combination hay frames ; ,3 steel beamplows;3 steel beam jointers;2 double shovel plows;2 Planet Junior 7-tooth cultivators;1 one-horse turn, plow;1 fifty-tooth harrow;1 pond scraper; .4 sets plow double trees;1 feed grinder for engine power;1 Papec No. 13 Silo filler;1 ten-barrel water tank, pump andhose;1 galvanized water tank;1 Stewart sheep shearer;l.buggy; ;'BURGOO.TERMS Made known on dayAttention, Farmers !If you need anything in the wayof Saddles, Collars, Bridles, Etc., Ihave the best money can buy andmake, at reasonable prices.If you want a watch, don't go to ablacksmith shop to buy it, and don'ttake your horse to a jeweler to gethim shod; always go to a mechanicand you will get the best goods andit won't cost any more than cheapgoods.(28-lmo n. KRIENER.For SaleI offer for sale privately .my formerhome at 123 Fithian Avenue. Thisplace is well located and well builton concrete and stone foundation. Hasfive rooms, hall and bath all newlypapered, large attic, front and backporches, garage and other modernconveniences. Now ocupied by Mr.and Mrs. Thomas Dillon.J. J. VEATCH,Home Telephone 320.(4-4t)Public SaleStock, Farming Implements, Etc.Having sold my farm', I will offerat public sale on the premises, oneand one-half jmiles from Millersburg,on the Blacks Cross Roads pike, onFriday, February 14, 1919,AT 10 O'CLOCK A. M.,the following described property:One 4 -year-old bay work horse;One 4-year-old gray work horse;One 9-year-old bay work mare;One thoroughbred bav vearliner Ally, dam by King Royal, sire Charming King by Bourbon King;One half-Percheron colt;Two No. 1 milch cows:One fine yearling red bull:One nice red yearling heifer;One steer calf;One heifer calf;Three shoats, weight 125 pounds;One brake cart, good as new;One set harness;One farm wagon; 1 hay frame;Two wagon beds;One good mowing machine;One sled; 1 harrow;One breaking plow;One double-shovel plow;Lot of extra good corn; lot of Yf odder; Double trees and single trees;Drags; hoes, and several otherthings too numerous to mention.Nice lot of chickens.TERMS Made known on day ofCHAS. H. JONES,Route No. 5, Paris, Ky.George J. Speakes, Auctioneer.(Jan31-4t)1 depot wagon-;1 rubber-tired break cart;2 sets buggy harness ;4 sets wa&ron harness rLot of plow harness;& twelve-foot farm gates ;2 tarpaulins;1 Planet. Junior garden plow andseeder;1 large barrel spray for white washing and tree spraying;2 small spray pumps;1 grindstone?1 emery stone grinder;1 hand corn grinder;1 corn sheller;-2 post hole diggers;2 sets of fence stretchers ;1 fence slatternHO rods of hog fence;tJU rods of 5-foot poultry fence-;Rock drills crow bars, sledge hammers, shovels, spades, hoes,, forks,etc.1 thirty-foot, exxtension ladder:x jLixuy-jjanon iara Kerne;1 ten-Jcallon lard ktttT ?1 lard press;1 large butter chum;1 small butter churn;1 No., 2 International Cream separator; 1 sixty-foot long fibre cable rope andpulley;1 ifty-foot long fibre cable rope andpulley;2 large feed troughs;100 bushels of second crop seed potatoes; Five turkeys hens and gobblers;Lot of Rhode Island chickens;2. large ricks of hay;15,000 tobacco sticks;Lot of baled straw;A number of other articles usnallvfound on the farm, too numerous tomention.of sale.SALEFurs and HidesWe pay highest prices for iron,hides, junk and wool.MUNICH & WIDES & CO., iEighth St., Paris, Ky.,Cumb. Phone 374.(23-tf)For Rent.Nicely furnished flat room, steamheat; bath; business man preferred.MRS. J. T. CLARK.Apartment 1, third floor ofRobneel Building.(4-tf)Administrator's SaleHousehold and Kitchen Furniture and Other Personal Property.The undersigned administrator ofMay Moore, deceased, will, at 2o'clock, p. m., onSaturday, Feb. 15, 1919,at the residence of May Moore, onHigh Street, Paris, Kentucky, between Sixth and Seventh Streets, expose to public sale a lot of household and kitchen furniture, including mahogany dresser, (mahoganychiffonier, mahogany sideboard, mahogany serving table, mahogany dining table, six mahogany diningroom chairs; .also lot of pictures, lotof silver, such as tea pots, breadtrays, etc.; also lot of cut glass,linens and table covers; also lot ofmusical Instruments includingpiano, a beautiful victrola, guitarand candolin; also stoves, rugs,mirrors, curtains, linoleums, kitchenutensils; also lot of jewelry, including two watches, rings and bracelets,and mandolin; also stoves, rugs,needed or required in a well-kepthome.There is also included a lot of oakfurniture, brass bed and springs, etc.AH of this furniture is in goodcondition.This is a splendid opportunity tothose desiring handsome furniture,linens, cut glass, silver, pictures,etc.Everything will be sold and thesale will start promptly at 2 o'clock,p. m., rain or shine.Teijms made known on day ofsalevBOURBON AGRICULTURAL BANK& TRUST CO.,Administrator of May Moore.TALBOTT & WHITLEY, Attorneys.M. F. Kenney, Auct.CT-I1-I4)rPUBLIC AUCTIONTwo Desirable kail Farms!Having purchased a larger farm, I will sell at public auction, at the CourtHouse door in Paris, Ky., at eleven o'clock a. m., onSaturday, Feb. 22, 1919two desirable suburban small farms, lying adjacent to. the city of Paris, either ofwhich will make a most desirable money maker for persons looking for small farms.No. 1 Contains 7 Acres of Landlocated on Howard's Lane, just off Second Street, beyond the limits of Paris. Fiveacres of this land will grow tobacco, the remaining two acres is improved with anew tobacco barn and three good rent houses. The land is well watered and willmake an ideal little homeNo. 2 Contains 14.94 Acres of Good, Deep Soillocated on the Georgetown pike, in the edge of Paris, and adjoining the land of Mr.Lee Cox. This small farm is unimproved, but has some good tobacco land, andthe remainder will raise most anything it is planted in. There is a large frontageon the pike to this small tract of land, making it most desirable either as a cultivating farm or for the purpose of sub-dividing and selling off in smalltr tracts..-, iOne-third cash upon delivery of the deed, the balancedeferred notes to bear 6 per cent interest.M. F. KENNEY, Auctioneer.WANTEDWanted at once, a good farm hand,by the month.CHARLTON ALEXANDER.Cumberland Phone 135.. Paris, Ky.(4-tf)PUBLIC SALECYPRESS STREET RESIDENCE.Having located in Boston, W. T. Clark has placed in our handsto sell at public auction -TUESDAY, FEB. 18, AT 2 P.M.on the premises, 1426 Cypress Street, his attractive two-storybungalow. It has six rooms, front and back porch, bath complete, electric lights, gas and splendid cellar.Lot 50x150 feet running back to a 15-foot alley.This is a complete, up-to-date home, admirably located Tandmust be seen to be appreciated.TERMS Made known on day of sale.(7-ll-14Feb)Executrix's SaleOFFour Houses and Lots!Theundersigned executrix of James H. Haggard, deceased,will, at the Court House door m Paris, Kentucky, onSaturday, Feb. 15, 1919expose to public sale four houses and lots, as follows:First Five-room house and lot on the East side of VineStreet, between Duncan Avenue and the railroad, adjoining theproperty of Ashurst and others.Second Two houses and lots on the East side of Virginia Avenue, one containing four rooms and the other threerooms. These two houses and lots adjoin one another and adjointhe property of Cain and others, aThirct The third is a house on the West side of VirginiaAvenue and contains four rooms and adjoins the property of Ed.Igo.All of the above described four houses and lots are situated insplendid sections of Paris and are convenient to the business section of the city, and all four of said houses are rented.This is a splendid opportunity to get good homes well located.There is great demand for small houses and lots in Paris atthe present time, but they are- hard to find.The sale will start at 11 o'clock and the property will sell,rain or shine, so look this property over and be ready to bid on it.Terms-Made known on day of sale.NANNIE J. HAGGARD,M. F. KENNEY, Auctioneer. EXECUTRIX.(Feb7-3t) 'OPTerms.DR. J. A.Make Your Milk DeliYtrie. BYTRACTI0MKy.Traction.& Terminal Co.HARRIS & SPEAKES.in one and two years,GILKEYPARIS, KENTUCKYi3U'i,r1(td)tw. .-! I'. ' .efTirf,-t'-C.b.PtoM 62S, Tuu;kt-jt.m-a-"K-A I". "V Heeler's AnnualGOODS DELIVERED WITHIN ARADIUS OF 35 MILES.BEGINS FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 14thGOODS DELIVERED. WITHIN ARADIUS OF 35 MILES.In announcing our Spring Opening Sale we are justifiably proud of the magnificent showing we have assembled for this important event, the one opportunity ofthe whole year to save in House Furnishings. We are going to make this sale a bigger and better sale than ever before, bigger by volume and better from a view pointof value giving. Our stocks represent a broader and more complete selection than ever before. Every requirement for the modern American home is provided for atprices that spell real economy.Our Spring Opening Sale is an annual affair inaugurated that we may get ahead of the rush and hurry of the busy Spring months. In so much as the sale onlyconcerns the merchandise now on hand we urge you to make early selection. The discounts mean a saving of 30 to 40 per cent.Bed Room SuitsA beautiful Bed Room Suit of genuine American walnut, consisting of a chiffonier, a largeroomy dresser, a very attractive bed and a tripleplate mirror toilet table, all designed in a periodpattern, a value worth 160.00,Spring Opening Price$122.00A handsome Bed Room Suit, consisting of alarge vanity dresser, a chiffonette and bed, beautifully finished in a deep dark antique mahoganyand designed in the graceful period of "QueenAnne' a value worth 195.00,Spring Opening Price '$159.50Space prevents us from describing the manynew and attractive, things we are showing, butyou will be surprised to see the large stocks weare carrying and the very low prices we are asking you to pay.mssRugs and Linoleums9x12 Tapestry Brussells Rugsworth $25.00SPRING OPENING PRICE9x12 Tapestry Brussels Rugsworth $30.00SPRING OPENING PRICE . . .9x12 Tapestry Brussels Rugsworth $35.00SPRING OPENING PRICE . . .9x12 Axminster Rugs worth $45.00SPRING OPENING PRICE . . .9x12 Axminster Rug5 worth $55.00SPRING OPENING PRICE . . .N$16.00$21.00$26.00$33.00$42.50All other Rugs at the same rate of reduction.A splendid grade of printed Linoleumworth $1.35 yardSPRING OPENING PRICE98c yd.A very high quality of Printed Linoleum, worth $1.60 yard 1 9 A 1SPRING OPENING PRICE $lOU yQAll other'grades at same rate of redaction.TOBgErr -.LLibrary TablesWe are showing a number of pretty Library Tables at popular prices. Wemention a pattern like the picture Bhown here, finished in mahogany or goldenoak, has 42 inch top and drawer with platform below, a value worth $16.50,Spring Opening Price $11.00 -. There are many other patterns in Colonial or in the period designs that willbe sold at twenty per cent reduction. -"The Richmond" Kitchen CabinetThe Richmond is a large solid oak Cabinet with double cabinet doors, hassliding metal work top,a complete set of glass cannisters, an elevatedmetalHour bin and a complete cupboard apartment below with sanitary sliding shelfand metal bread box, a value well worth J$36. 00,Spring Opening Price $27.50We also carry the famous "Sellers" and HooBier Cabinets. TheBe willbe reduced also during our Spring Opening Sale.SI lBm2dBBBElilflHSUpholstered Fibre Rush RockersWe will show during this sale many very attractive Fibre Rush Rockers, upholstered m high grade tapestry in seat and back, with loose cushions, and amonethem we mention a pattern as shown in the picture, a splendid value at $14.50,SPRING OPENING PRICE$8.75Many others of a larger type with high backs that will go in this sale at onefourth off.liHiiJtHAUi'' J.J Vr N -,A Splendid DiningRoom Suit in aPeriod DesignA very handsome Dining RoomSuit patterned in the period ofWilliam and Mary, made of gen- fuine mahogany and consists of avery large buffet, the high baseChina witn double doors,1 the 54inch table with six very -attractivechairs with brown orfblueleather seats. This is only oneof the many new and attractiveSuits we are showing, a valueregular at $290.00SPRING OPEN- $OOQ en' IMG PRICE $LLO.OJPQuality Coal RangesThere will never Jbe a better time to save money on that coal range youhave been needing than during our Spring Opening Sale.We show a compleie department filled with the very best coal rangesmanufactured, the all caBt iron kind that will last a lifetime.THESE HAVE A PRICE BEGINNING AT$65.00AND UPWARD TO $115.10 -These are subject to 20 per cent discount during this sale.Baby's Comfort While ShoppingTake baby for, a ride in the sunshine. It makes them stout andhappy.We are showing a complete line of Street Sulkies in metal orreed, or perhaps a real carriage you need for him.' We carry a complete assortment of styles, sizes and colorsThe Reductions will Save You 20 Per CentSoft Coal Heater ,Winter is not over yet. - You will need aHeater, and we are not going to carry . overany coal heaters, so we have reduced, theprice to make them move.The savings on heating stoves means abbbbbbbbBiBBBbIj '' BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBlKroehler's FriendDuofold-BedA handsome Kroehler's Duofoldbed made with the one motionspring, which quickly opens withone operation and which hold afull weight felt mattress. Thispa'ttern is finished in deep darkmahogany and has broad rolledarms. A regular value at $65.00.SPRING OPENINGPRICESaying of 25 toooBuy it now even if you will not need ituntil next winter.SPffDarling's HotHeaters$52.00Blasty-'niBBBBl - jr-asr-a' 3rBR.I$mm v?L SHbbbbvIMllmMlinillinntmu, sc'SHBaTHWHIBrafflnlMMH lit 9'nHBjHBjHBfVy53E!g iBBBjBEHBSBJBBBBBi BBBBBBW BBBBBBxB'Darling and Baker's Hot Blast Heateisare made in Beveial styles and will hoi d fireover-night.If you want to heat from one to fourrooms a Darling will do it nicely..There may be other Hot Blast Heatersjust as -good but 'There. Are None Better!Bt-3!!gBjgBj?jHI M0mMassive Oak BuffettA massive Buffet made of solid selectoak finished in a deep fumed finish, has longNmirror over top and lined silver drawer, along linen drawer and complete apartmentfor dishes.A VALUE WORTH $57.StSpring Optnlng Prkt$42.75 ,OppositeCourt HouseA. F. WHEELER FURNITURE COParis;Kentuckyi"J'i'jrsrt.il'page joijiTHE BOTIBOB HEWS, -PAWS, TSXTUtiEt-1 '3LLmTUESDAY, FEBRUARY 11, ,191STAdministrator's SaleHousehold and Kitchen Furniture and" Other Per: sonal Property.'4WOMEN'S ACTIVITIES.The -undersigned administrator orMay Moore, deceased, will, at 2o'clock, pj m., on'At the Ked Cross Sewing RoomTuesday C. W. B. M.Wednesday Woman's SocietyEpiscopal church.Thursday Young' Woman's Mis-jsion Circle.Friday Progressive Culture Club.Club Calendar.The Paris Literary Club, Febru-baturday, Feb. 15, 1919,! the kingdom comestt the residence of May Moore, on Samuel Th, Last of the JudgesHigh -Street, Paris, Kentucky, be- Mrs. B rower.tween1 Sixth and Seventh Streets, ex- . Reading Songof Hannah Misspose to public sale a lot of house-'Laura Lilleston.hold and kitchen furniture, includ-1 The Tragedy of Saul Mrs. Harrymg manogany dresser, mahogany , Clay.David, the Huma-n--Miss Orr.The Progressive Culture Club,chiffonier, mahogany sideboard, mahogany serving table, mahogany dining table, six mahogany diningroom chairs; also lot of pictures, lot pvhninrv 13of silver, such as tea pots, breadtrays, etc,; 'also lot of cut glass, FAMOUS PEOPLElinens and table covers; also lot ofmusical instruments including " Leader Miss Hargis.piano, a beautiful victrola, guitar Lessons of the War Mrs. Kers-and mandolin; also stoves, rugs, tlakmirrors, curtains, linoleums, kitchen! People Who Are Doing Thingsutensils; also lot of jewelry, includ- Mrs- Griffin.ing two watches, rings and bracelets, I Scientific Discoveries Mrs. Fos-and everything needed or required, in i er'a well-kept hojme.There Is also included a lot of oak L North Middletown Woman's Club,furniture, brass bed and springs, etc. , u uKENTUCKY MOUNTAINEERSAll of this furniture is in goodcondition.This is a splendid opportunity tothose desiring handsome furniture,linens, cut glass, silver, pictures ,.Eastern Kentucky Mrs. H. S. CayCharacteristics Mrs. Wjm. Red-mon.What Lack of Roads Has Meant toEverything will be sold and thesale will start promptly at 2 o'clock,p. m.t rain or shine.Terjms made known on day ofsale.BOURBON AGRICULTURAL BANK& TRUST CO.,Administrator of May Moore.TALBOTT & WHITLEY, Attorneys.M. F. Kenney, Auct.(7-11-14)wood.Reading Little She'pherd of Kingdom Come Mrs. Frank Collins.Millersburg Twentieth CenturyClub, February 15.Roll Call Original Valentines.February's "Current Opinion."Persons in the Foreground Mrs.Poole.Music Mrs. Barnes, Miss Wadell.Drama Mrs. Hunter.Public Sale of 50 FreshYoung Tennessee Jersey, Gurnsey and Holstine CowsAt Fuhrman's Stable, Paris, Ky.,Thursday, February 13th, at 1 O'clock.1 1Many of this consignment have records frrm 10 to 14 poundsof butter per week. The class of Tennessee cows we have sold inth) past ten years are known all over Central Kentucky as havingno superiors for quantity and quality of milk.D. F. BROWN, Tennessee.S. C. CARPENTER, Millersburg.PUBLIC SALEOFMares, Cattle and Sheep!u .-We will sell at public' auction at our mule' barn' in' Paris, Ky.,oni. ,tSaturday Afternoon, Feb. St 1919At 2:30 O'clock2S work mares, from .to 6 years old, fresh from tjie t country,sound and good workers. -At the same time and place we will sell 40 extra, good stockheifers, weighing 650 pounds. ' Also 100 good sheep and 3 bucks.In case of rain sale will be held in the barn.CAYWOOD & McCLINTOCK.GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer(ll-2t)-PUBLIC SALETwo Desirable Residences.'wVwill sell at public auction, on the premises, at 2 P. M., onWednesday, February 12, '19,the following described property.No. 1 Frame bungalow, on West side of Clif ton Avenue, cbntaining 5-rooms, front and back porches, bath complete, electric lightsand .gas. Has large garden, concrete walks, coal house and is wellfenced. Lot 44X150 feet -No. 2. Vacant lot 97X150 feet, adjoining No.-l . v.No. 1 and 2 will be offered separately and then as a whole andbested or bicls accepted.No. 3. Five-room residence on Westside of Clifton Avenue; Itlias lajrge hall, bath complete,- electric lights and gas. " LoT 50X1 50feet more or less. - . - , - - - . - -i These are up-to-date homes, practically new and are located in adesirable aeJn&borhoocLfD property is owned by parties out of town and has been placedin owr hack for immediate sale. x" TERMS One-third cash, balance in 6 oY'12 monthsor 1 and 2years, to suit purchaser. Deferred notes to bear 6 per cent interest.Science' andr Discovery -Miss McIntyre. 'Parliamentary Law Mrs. Martin.Hostess -Mrs. Best.Announcement of the meeting ofthe women's clubs belonging .to theState Federation and comprising theSeventh District, whichwjll be heldat the First Baptist church, Georgetown, February 20, has been sent toall club presidents. Representativesfro'm 24. clubs .will be in attendance.The program, which will be an attractice one, will' be announced in afew days.STATE t PROCLAMATION FOR FATHEB AND SON WEEK.B-4 TIREInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,AgtsoDESTRUCTIVE FIRE IN SUBURBSOF GEORGETOWN.A defective flue is believed tohave caused a fire that destroyedfour of the prettiest private homesin Delaplain, four niiles north ofGeorgetown.Originating in the residence of J.W. Burrows, the blaze spread to thehomes of J. D. Bridges, Ernest E.Muddicamp and Oscar Haibrick.The aggregate loss was estimatedat approximately $9,000.Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanoGET OUR PRICES FIRST.Do not buy anything En theClothing line until you get myprices.L. WOLLSTEIN,tf Clothing Department.Governor Stanley has issued aproclamation calling on the people ofthe tate to observe the week ofFebruary 11 to 1 J as Father and SonWeek! The proclamation follows:"No greater problem can -engageour serious 'attention than that ofconserving the boy life of our Stateand Nation; and there has neverbeen a time in our history when theneed of this conservation was moreapparent than it is to-day. Therefore, I, A. O. Stanley, Governor ofthe State of Kentucky, in the hopeof arousing the men of the State toa sense of their responsibility towardour own boys and the boys of theircommunity, and in the further hopeof strengthening the ties that oughtto bind fathers and "sons together ingood fellowship, do issue this proclamation, and 1 request that theweek from February -11 to 17 be setapart as Father and Son Week."I, earnestly urge that suchspecial observance as have beenplanned by the churches, the Y. M.C. A.,' the Boy Scouts and other organizations may receive the patriotic support of all of our citizens."In TESTIMONY WHEREOF, Ihave hereunto subscribed my nameand caused the Great Seal of theState of Kentucky to be affixed inthe City of Frankfort, this 27th dayof January, in the year of our Lord,'one thousand nine hundred andnineteen."(Signed)A. O. STANLEY,Governor.James P. Lewis, Secretary of State,E. Matt Karr, Assistant Secretaryof State.FORMER PARISIAN 1CANAGINGEDITOR LEXINGTON LEADERMr. 'Maurice Bumaugh, son of Mr.and Mrs. Buxnaugh, for many yearsresidents of Paris and North .Middletown, on Sunday assunied the managing editorship of the Lexington DailyLeader, succeeding Mr. Perry Melone,who came to Lexington from Paducah, but who has resigned his position.Mr. Bumaugh is an excellentyoung1 newspaper man. He was formerly connected with the Leader,leaving his position with, that paperseveral years ago, going to New. York, and .taking up theatrical work,In which he won instant success. elater Teturned to Lexington despitepressing offers from various theatrical managers, and took a position onthe Herald, in which he was engageduntil about a year ago, when he enlisted in the service of Uncle Sam.He was recently released by the Government and returned again to Lexington.As a general thing, when a mansmokes and reads he smokes mostly.GOOD WEEK-END ATTRACTIONSAT THE PARIS GRAND.Among the most interesting program of the week at the Paris Grandwill be the Sunshine Girls' Company, which will hold the boards atthis house on next Thursday, Fridayand Saturday nights.They will present the best singing,dancing comedy tabloid show everappearing jn Paris. The management personally recommends thisshow as a strictly high-class one,and one that will give entire satisfaction to the patrons of The Grand.Read the big display ad at the top ofpage eight in this issue of THENEWS.. NEW TRACTION AGENT.Mr. George M. Davis, who took;the position temporarily of localagent for the Kentucky Traction &Teipninal Cofmpany, is back again in.his old position with the Paris WaterCompany. Mr. S. E. Borland, whoboth preceded and succeeded Mr,Davis, has been succeeded in turn byMr. E. K. Bobbitt, of Lexington. Mr.Bobbitt has just returned fromFrance, where he was a member ofthe American Expeditionary Forces.He has had former experience intraction work, and will make thecompany a valuable man.oWHATS IN A NAME?Far departed from the ways of hisdistinguished namesake, Brooker T.Washington, a Paris colored man,was haled into Police Court and fined51 and costs by Police Judge ErnestMartin, on a charge of vagrancy.When asked by Judge Martinwhy he did not try to be moreworthy of the name of Booker T.Washington, the youthful offenderstammered out, "well ne didn'twork any, either did he? I thoughtI could get by, too."Give ThemDON SUNGEgg Laying Tabletsif they don't lay THENthey're RoostersOBERDORFERTbe Druggist- 1j ALLhYhyhyhh hYh hhI hYht hythV hyh hy "hYi hhI YhYt hY YhYh.H" HWi H. HY HW HI Ha HYJ HW HVaHHYiYJ bYI HrJ BY BY BYiHYi BY BYl AYJ hY Y III " - ItARUGS, WALL PAPERAND LINOLEUMSi'' i DURING '.-..,.. .- Iill J HI L 1I I P HWi U v ii 9 IHi 1V19 PP ni w mi 1 wh Ij Now is the Time to Save Money r 1H H IIIIIHI All allli h PH I MM' hPH MB H Ml -Si ihVLbLhbbhI ' hWhh bi bHim HYHlHYHl hThbhThI Wfl KHYl HhTJhYHI 9B BHHhBTHHHHIHHJ HHHJ HHHJ HHHHHj HHHHJ HJ - HHHj Hi l HHHIHHHjHHHJHHH HHi HHHj HHHHJHHH HH HHHHjHHHHJHij Phones 36 j:. PARIS,: KY. - 6tU and Main '" II undertakers; ambulance MOTOR EQUIPMENT I.HARRIS & SPEAKES;wTUESDAY, FEBRUARY l, 191.-'-' V"THE BOUEBOIT' WS,Pil,J?lqirv;pjujx.nfjvflM&sm7syr . eZrFOR THE BESTt ' NOTHING ELSESOCIAL AND PERSONAL.vtaninfs and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.FRESH CAUGHT FISHFresh caught Reelfoot LakeFish for today and tomorrow.(lt) LOGAN HOWARD.. oSPUING STETSONS ABE HEBE.We are showing them to-day inthe new colors and shapes.J. W. DAVIS & CO.oA HINT TO INVESTORS.Read page two of this issue of THEVEWS if you are looking for propertyty to buy or rent. Read the display advertisements. It may profityou financially.oATTENTION, LIBERTY CHORUSThere will he a meeting of the Liberty Chorus at 7:30 o'clock to-night,at the Y. M. C. A., for rehearsal. Afull attendance of the membership: nomtiv desired, as this will bea rehearsal for the mass-meeting atthe Opera House, Sunday afternoon.. oHONOR MEMORY OE BOURBONCOUNTY VETERANSAt a meeting of E. L. DudleyPost G. A. R., of Lexington, Saturday resolutions of respect to thememory of their deceased comrade,0 L Peters, of North Middletown,this county, were adopted. Mr. Peters died at his none in inuicu hdletown on January 15. He was amember of the 21st Kentucky Infantry, in the Federal Army, and hada fine record as a valiant soldier.xyjB AND SNOW PREDICTEDEOR THE WEEK.After a long "spell" of toe weather "Old Weather Man" pulled thesnow Switch, bringing a slight faUof snow Saturday and Sunday. Snowfell intermittently Saturday nightand Sunday, but a drop ra y """perature stopped the proceeding.The weather prediction for theweek beginning yesterday as sentTut by the Weather Bureau fromWashington, is as follows:Ohio Valley and Tennessee Snowor ra Monday night or Tuesday andaUin at end of the week; otherwiseISeraUy ?air, nearly normal temperatures, except so'mewhat belowSt the middle of the week.SEAL ESTATE T PAYING INVESTMENT NOW.Money invested in real estate, esaoor ix small farms,0L&Say-tea to theSuburbs of Paris. This Propelsclosely described m the big displayadvertisement published in this tesueofdTHEOTWS. Read the ad and at.tend the sale.TOBACCO COTTON. Li-r usrietV Of TO-bacco Cotton on sale atfew's department STORE(7-llFeb)oSOUNDS GODOTTT IT?Thresh iowl and greens. First of1? resn jowi o order ifthe season. Let us nave juuyou want the best(it)PLANNING POROEIAL TOBOURBON BOYS.... ,rc "hove been com-ffidtt tte Paris d Opera Houon next Sunday anerncnPruary16, at two o'clock for the purpose ofperfecting plans d,e theraise funds for a memorial toBourbon county boys who ff thlives in the supreme sacrifice iortheir country. pvinelonRev. J. R- Bush, gwhose reputationwell-known and & e principalbeen secured to deliver v STeakaddress, and a nutober or g6erswill also make addreUnited States soldier, recent lyturned frojm overseas service wtell of his experiences . jriMU be J-erty Chorus and the IdDenyand Bugle -orps r musicof the meeting.OFFICE TO COTJBT HOUSE.Mr. Walter Clark to vedreal estate Wamopen and ready for business.Tne uiBTs " nber of veryhave on their nsis """ rta). theydesirable BourDon i"- - -iriU selUat attractive pncesWlSe Lhrrisyfor iate at reaes and lots in J"Llon oa manysonable prices. ,?0ssfi,o?e had onof these properties can he naa"YAoucontemplate moving tohouse. You can ""--,. a io0kand save the rent, " -oyerour lists. .TmV f!0a-to CLAJl 'don'tIdoniiwntilYOU SEE US.Do not buy anything in theGirthing line until ye get myprices. .... . --,!,-L. WUiw"Miss Mary Snell, of Lexington,is a guest of Paris friends and relatives. Mrs. Nutter Woods, of Mississippi, is a guest of friends and relative near Paris.Mr. and Mrs. W. Ed. Tucker deftSaturday for New York and othercities in the East.Mr. and Mrs. Charles Doyle haveas guest at their home near Paris,iur. l. ivi. uay, or moss, Missouri.Mr. and Mrs. R. S. Swango anddaughter, Eleanor, are spending theremainder of the winter in Florida.Mr. Avelatte "BnckriAr and sonhave returned from Eustis, Florida,where they have been several weeks.Robert L. Frank and Lee Price,of the Frank & Co. stores, have returned from a business trip to NewYork.Mr. and Mrs. Fred Wood, of LosAngeles, Cali., are guests of the latter's parents, Mayor and Mrs. E. B.January.Mr. Wm. W. Harper, of Philadelphia, is a guest of Mr. and Mrs.Brinch Meinertz, at Xalapa Farm,near Paris.Mrs. Charles Ramsey, of Charleston, West Virginia, is visiting hersister, Mrs. Richard S. Darnaby, atClintonville.Mrs. C. A. Daugherty has returned from a visit to her daughter,Mrs. J. T. Hazelrigg, and Prof.Hazelrigg, at Shelbyville.Among the business visitors inLexington yesterday were Col. Geo.D. SDeakes. Harry Mitchell, FrankSpeakes and Edward Prichard.Mr. and Mrs. William Bushhave returned to their home nearClintonville, after a visit to relatives and friends in Louisville.Rev. W. E. Ellis was not able tofill his pulpit at the Christian churchSunday, on account of illness. Hewas slightly improved yesterday.Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Sturgeonhave returned from Oakdale, Ky.,where they attended the funeral ofMrs stnrsreon's sister. Mrs. LettieTTar.knev-Mrs. C. P. Mann will be takenthis week -to Norton's Infirmary,Louisville, where she will undergo aserious operation. Mr. Mann yii accompany her.Mr. Cleveland Weaver, of theFarris restaurant, is a patient at theMassie Memorial Hospital, sufferingfrnm urpnimip. TiniRoninff. He is in acritical condition.Mr. and Mrs. John W. Yerkeshave vacated their residence onPleasant street, recently sold to Mr.Geo. W. Redman and have taken aflat in the Robneel apartment building, at Main and Eighth.Mr. and Mrs. H.iram itoseDerryreturned Friday night from the East,where they have spent a portion oftheir honeymoon trip. They will goto housekeeping in a handsome bungalow o-n South Main street, whichhad been prepared in advance forthem. yThe Shelby Record has the following concerning a fo finer Parisresident: "Mr. S. Atlas is confinedto his home suffering from a fractured leg, which he sustained at tneSouthern Railway depot when heslipped and fell as he stepped froma freight car, which he was engagedin loading." . ,Invitations have been receivedby Paris people to a masqueradeball to be given in Richmond byThe Victory Girls, on to-morrowevening, Wednesday, February 12.The hours will be from 8:00 to9-rin Tim hall will be a subscription affair, with an admission priceof $1.00 for dancers, and twentycents for "just lookers-on."--The Kappa, Kappa, GfnmaSorority of the University of Kentucky entertained with a tea on Saturday afternoon from three until sixat the home of Miss Elizabeth Smith,on Aylesford Place. The affair wasin nonor oi iurs. ra.i . iwvAfrs C. W. Leaphart national officersof Kappa, Kappa, Gamma. MissesMildred and Marie Collins, of Pans,wpre on receiving line. Among thosepresent for the occasion, were Mrs.Taylor, Mrs. Lowry and Mrs. John T.Collins, all of Paris.The Amuse Dancing Club willentertain with a dance at tne Masonic Temple, in Paris, on the nightof Monday, February 17. A numberof novelties will 'be introduced,tending to make the occasion strongly reminiscent of Delmonico s,Sherry's and other famous places,where tnjoyment featured the dance.Music for the dancers will berenaA vir Tiis-hnn's Saxonhone Orches-4. -DTiio fn invitations sent toout-of-town people signify a large attendance. The hours will be froja8:30 p. m. to 2:30 a. m. During theintermission luncheon will be served.Lou Taylor, of Paris, who issnending the winter near Clarwater,Florida writes THE NEWS a postcard message, as follows:"We are located at a place calledHaven Beach, fifteen miles fromClearwater, Florida. Having a finetime. Went twenty- " VIthe gulf the other day and caughtfour barrels of fish. Went to StPetersburg to-day and met severalParis people,. Dry here au o--water and tne oroau, uiuaw M.Send THE NEWS to Indiana Rock,Florida. Best regards." The reverse side of the card gives a photoIrSh view of Central Avenue m St.fSewburg. in holiday attire, decorated with flags and bunting.--Mr Frank P. Kiser, presidentof the Farmers', and Traders' Bank,and manager of the E. J. Spears &?ons' Paris office, who has oeen infoTseveral weeks from a nervousiLkdown. following an. attack oftie influenza, left Sunday, accomtmeinnueu . . & ofesKaTne.' tor Havafe Cubaere they will remain for somedy front ''Cincinnati, where he hadhppn for several aay """", r-Tof specialist, who adyisedMiim that?emW. Denial tag 75 ?wuldV,rcliage,pt climate ;Mt-"jmiiiy'-frisiids here and else-where hose he"wiU soon be restoredto health and back at his post orduty.Rev. Eugene DeBruyn is confined to his bed with a severe cold.Mr. Gus Margolen left yesterdayfor. a recuperative visit to HotSprings, Ark.Rev. G. R. Combs is confined tohis apartments in the Robneel,threatened with influenza,church will jmeet at the Red Crossrooms to-morrow at 9:30 a. m. Afull attendance is requested.Mr. Wm. E. Clarke, of the post-office clerical forces, is able to be athis post, of duty, after a week's illness of influenza.Misses Anna and Katherine Wilson, Mr. and Mrs. Calvert Meng andMrs. Robt. Jones were vistiors mLexington yesterday.Mr. E. B. Richardson, who cameto Paris to open a restaurant in theFordham Hotel, has reconsidered andmoved back to Winchester.Mr. Dora Scott has resigned hisposition as custodian of the Parispostoffice, and will engage in faron-ing on the Al Wagoner place, nearParis.Mr. T. J. Recfmon, who hasbeen ver yseriously ill at his homenear Paris for some time, was reported yesterday as being greatly improved. Mrs. L. B. Purnell, who has beenbeen seriously ill at his homewith influenza and pneumonia, isrecovering, and was able to sit up ashort while yesterday.Mrs. James Thompson, Jr., willentertain her Bridge Club this afternoon at her home, "Woodland Villa,"near Paris. The club is composed ofMrs. Thompson's Lexington friends.oWINTERClearanceONSaleISuits, Coats, Dressesand MillineryREDUCED PRICES ON OVERCOATSOur overcoat sale has been so successful, we've decided to hold itover longer. Plenty of good stylesand sizes left.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Wanted.To buy 5 room cottage, electricity,bath. State best price, location, etc.CAPT..HUGH CAMPBELL,115 Clark Street, Jeffersonville, Ind.(ll-4t)HARRYIVI224-228 West Main St., Lexington, Ky;Main Street, Paris, Ky.Executor's Notice!All persons having claims againstthe estate of J. T. Hinton. Sr., deceased,' are requested to prove theirclaims as required by law, and filesame at the office of HintonK Bradley& Bradley, Bourbon-AgriculatralBank & Trust Company, Paris, Ky.All persons knowing themselves tobe indebted to the estate of J. T. Hinton, Sr., deceased, are requested tocall at the "same office and settle, s,W. O. HINTON.Executor of J. T". Hinton, Sr. Dec'd.(ll-3t) -ALL GRADES OPTOBACCO COTTONSold At-HarrySiixioxiThe FairPOR FRIDAY AND SATURDAY.- 'A gradual return to normal conditions, makes a marked difference inmanufacturing costs. And withpleasure we are again able" to offerthese low prices:1-gallon Milk Crocks, each 15c.Bread Pans, 15c, 20c and 25c.Pearl Buttons, plain and fancy 5cdozen.15c Can Stove Polish, at 8c.Galvanized Pails, all sizes, choice59c.7c-Bat Traps, each 59c.gOYRat Traps, each 15c.Real China After-Dinner Cups andSaucers, each 125c.Valentine Post Cards, 4c a dozen.Big Line Comic Valentines.Remarkable Candy Values, Saturday: . . .,., J;Cocoanut uream uips, iuuiu-uiy-pedin cream, Chocolate Drops, fullcream centers, 4 flavors, choice 29cp"er pound.THE FAIR.Siurton's! Conf ectioncrV StoreSuccessor to Adami & Santi.This Cold Weather Calls ForA Good OvercoatAnd You'll Find One to Suit You atWalsh's at a Very Special PriceOU .hould be one of the many that are finding overcoat .atiifaction heret in our store. You'll find overcoat satisfaction here .f you'll come m andaive m a trial. We'll give you better values tnan you can rma .for the money, and the style, are top-notchers and-patterns and coloruigsrest. If iU values you are looking for in a Suit or Overcoat you'll find it(YlAft newest. If iU value youhere at the prices lilted belowMen's and Young Men's SuitsFlorida FruitsBox CandlesAdami's Famous Recipe for:: making delicious Ice Cream,Soda Water ana MixeaDrinks still used.Bulk Ice Cream(Made from Pure Cream)delivered for home use.Fancy Ices for PartiesFor the BEST, Set Us,FRJUWIURIOIW Successor to Adami & Santi.$45.00 Suits cut$42.50 Suits cut$40.00 Suits cut$37.50 Suits cut$35.00 Suits cut$32.50 Suits cut$30.00 Suits cut$27.50 Suits cut$25.00 Suits cut$22.50 Suits cut$20.00 Suits cut$18.00 Suits cut$15.00 Suits cut$12.50 Suits cutMen's and Young Men's Overcoats-a1$50.00 Overcoats cut to.$45.00 Overcoats cut to.$42.50 Overcoats cut to.$40.00 Overcoats cut to.$37.50 Overcoats cut to.$35.00 Overcoats cut to.$32.50 Overcoats cut to.$30.00 Ovescoats cut to.$27.50 Overcoats cut to$25.00 Overcoats cut to$22.50 Overcoats cut to$20.00 Overcoats cut to$45,00' 40.00. 37-5035.0032.5030.0027.5025.0022.5020.0017.5016.50CashV i Hflff ''v5o vk -Q A'Ppl'O'Val Copyrisbt 1918 Han SchaffacxltJIaixn .SSSS. M - SHR P. WALSH7th and Main One-Price Store Pari, Ky.-I r ;' u btm B "V jjT WViUfwN".tf CfetftfnlVPAGE SIXTHE B0TT1B0 TOWS, PABIS,KEXTTJCTJvf,w5 -':$?Big Special!- 10 Pound Bucketx -$... PurejLard$2.50MftRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketKiESgSsSy;:;:--; --u--g-;;:r-mmi;biTobaccoGRADESSee Us ForThe BestPriceTwin Bros.Department StoreMain and 7th Paris, Ky.Aetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFire- TheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityAnd OtherCasualtiesA. J. FEBAGENTbrighter;EVENINGSNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.ViseOlectricetyfor CidbtingIt's the only satisfactory way.use SetsTor Retina and CookingIt's the only sensible plan.' Let Us Fix You UpT For the Use of BothElectricity and Gas.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Imcortorattd)Make Use of OurTraction ExpressE!21(aiesFci-ir'Ky.Tractioi&termiial CWILHDUT BITOFTRQUBLENOWFelt Tired Out All Time andCouldn't Do Work BeforeTaking Meritone"I can get around and do my worknow without a .bit of trouble," saidMrs. Florence Rector, of 1,500 Arthur avenue, Nashville."I used to feel tired out all thetime and it seemed impossible for ineto keep up with my work. For along time before I had influenza myhealth was bad and I felt nervousand irritable and had no appetite.. "I was so weak after the influenza that I couldn't even stay up, butI'm getting back my strength -now.Meritone has. made me feel freshand active. My appetite has comeback, too, and I eat everything witha relish and enjoy it.t Recommends Mertione."If you have had influenza andare weak and nervous, Meritone willsurely put you back in good condition again'," said Mrs. Rector. "Iknow it did the work for me."In fact, Meritone has done ime somuch good that I'm getting anotherbottle for my little boy."Meritone is the new tonic of realmerit that folks who had influenzaor pneumonia are advised to take tobuild up their strength. Meritone isalso recommended for any disorderedcondition of the system, such asstomach, liver or kidney trouble orcatarrh or rheumatism.Meritone is sold exclusively inParis by G. S. Varden & Son.(adv)oProbably the main reason why recent Christmases seem like Sundayis because there are so few celebrants around on horses and whooping like Indians.oGETTING BID OP COLDS.The easiest way to get rid of acold is to take" Chemberlain's Cough jRemedy. This preparaiion nas Deen iin use for many years and its valuefullv nroven. No matter what remedy you use, however, care must betaken not to contract another soldbefore you have recovered from thefirst one, and there is serious dangerin this. A man of middle age or older should go to bed until fully recovered. It is better to stay in bedthree days at the start than threeweeks later on.(adv-Feb.)As a general thing, when a mancalls the doctor "Doc" it's a sign hedoesn't expect to need hn any timesoon.THAT TERRIBLE HEADACHE.Do you have periodic attacks ofheadache accompanied by sickness ofthe stomach or vomiting, a sallowskin and dull eyes? If so, you canget quick relief by taking Chamberlain's Tablets as directed for biliousness, and you may be able toavoid these attacks if you observethe directions with each package.For Influenza!For influenza and after effects,use K. U. Tablets. They build up.your nerves and stomach; rid thesystem of all aches, pains and tiredfeelings. They restore vigor andvim. They are fine for headacheand rheumatism. The contents of K.U. Tablets .are used by all of the bestphysicians of the country.Don't be without them in yournojne. Once tried they are alwaysused. They are put up in 10c and25c boxes and are for sale by alldruggists and groceries.Distributed by theK. U. CHEMICAL CO..568 McClelland Building,7feb-3mos) Lexington, Ky.;Wilmoth'sFreshHome Baked Breads,Cakes, Pies, Etc.v DailyFreshMeats,Roasts,Steaks,Chops, Fancy Goods.Famous .Coffees and TeasWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376&THE TOBACCO MARKETFriday, Feb. 7:The Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCompany sold Friday a total of52,305 pounds of tobacco tor a totaljof $25,865.58, an average of 49.78per hundred pounds. Jb eatures ot thesale was the crop o 4,505 poundsof tobacco belonging to Hinkston & Mason, which average $72.17per hundred pounds, and the 1,420pound crop of Talbott & Martin thataveraged $75.88 per hundred pounds.Crop averages reported were as follows:Woodford & Hall sold 3,005pounds, average $47.80.Stephenson- & Hisle sold 1,385pounds, average $42.91.Daily & Ryan sold 3,430 pounds,average $42.42.Talbott & Hash sold 2,890 pounds,average $55.63.Talbott & Martm sold 1,420 poundsaverage $75.88.J. C. & J. W. Arnold sold 5,365pounds, average $50.11.Wagoner & Garrison sold 2,035pounds, average $51.16.Keller & Laughlin sold 2,075pounds,, average $42.27.J. C. Arnold' & Son sold 3,010pounds, average $41.79.Boardman & Campbell sold 5,080pounds, average $50.80.Andrew Caywood sold 1,940pounds, average $49.67.Kinkston & Mason sold 4,505pounds, average $72.17.Woodford & Pridemore sold 2,660pounds, average $70.17.-oGIRLS ! HAVE WAVY, THICK,GLOSSY HAIR FKEE FROMDANDRUFF.Save Your Hair! Double it'sBeauty in a Few Moments--Try This !If you care for heavy hair, thatglistens with beauty and is radiantwith life; has an incomparable softness and is fluffy and lustrious, tryDanderine.Just one application doubles the'beauty of your hair, besides it immediately dissolves every particle ofdandruff; you cannot have nice,heavy, healthy hair if you have dandruff. This destructive scurf robsthe hair of it's lustre, its strengthand its very life, and if not overcomeit produces a feverishness and itching of the scalp; the hair roots famish , loosen and die; then the hairfalls out fastIf your hair has been neglected andis thin, faded, dry, scraggy or toooily, get a small bottle of Knowlton'sDanderine at any drug store or toiletcounter for a few cents; apply a littlejas directed and in ten minutes afteryou will say this was the best investment you ever made.We sincerely believe, regardlessofeverythig else advertised, that ifyou want or desire soft, lustrous,beautiful hair and lots of it no dan,-druff-r-noitching scalp and no more.falling hair you must use Knowlton's Danderine. If eventuallywhy not now?VALUE OF LIVE STOCK IN KENTUCKY. Livestock on farms in Kentucky,January 1, 1919, was worth $177,396,000 ccnpared to $158,587,000January 1, 1918. This was due partlyto greater value per head of allkinds of livestock in Kentucky compared to prices January 1, 1918..The percentage of increase in valuewas greatest on inilk cows andsheep.Horses are very little more valuethan in January, 1918, the averageprice being $104 this year comparedto $101 last year. The average priceof milk cows is ?72 a head comparedto $61 in January, 1918; other cattle $42.50 compared to $39; hogs$16 a head compared to $14.50 lastyear; sheep $13.10 a head comparedto $11.20 last year; and (mules $127compared to $122.During 1918 hogs on farms in Kentucky increased in number from 1,637,000 to 1,768,000 on January 1,1919; sheep from 1,213,000 to 1,274,000; milk cows from 435,000 to444,000; other cattle from 581,000to 599,000; and mules from 224,000to 231,000; while horses decreasedfrom. 443,000 to 439,000.oSUMMING UP THE EVIDENCE.Many Paris People Have BeenCalled as Witnesses.Week after week has been published the testimony of Paris peoplekidney sufferers backache victims-people who have endured many fonmsof kidney, bladder or urinary disorders. These witnesses have usedDoan's Kidney Pills. All have giventheir enthusiastic approval. It's thesame everywhere. 50,000 Americanmen and women are publicly recommending Doan's always in thehopie papers. Isn't it a wonderfulconvincing mass of proof? If youare a sufferer your verdict must be"Try Doan's first"Here's one more Paris case.1 Win. W. Dudley, 1729 Cypress St.,says: "Some years ago I found It necessary to nse a kidney remedy and asI had read about Doan's KidneyPills, I .used them. They proved tobe satisfactory and permanently relieved, me of the complaint. I havea reason to reconmend. Doan's Kidney Pills and advise their use to anyone troubled with a weak and lameback or irregular passages of the kidney secretions.'j Price 60 cts., at all druggists.Don't simply ask for a kidney remedyI get Doan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mr. Dudley had. Poster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)V - o-As a general thiner. when- a manfc smokes and reads h.esmokes -mostly.' LET THEX" "FORDSON"' DO YOUR WORKIII .v '- v IIIDREADFUL COUGH CUBED.A severe cold is often followed bya rough cough for which Chamberlain's Cough Remedy has provenespecially valuable. Mrs. F. W. Olson, Marysville, Mo., writes: "Abouttwo years ago my little boy Jeancaught a severe cold and cougheddreadfully for days. I tried a nuniber of cough medicines but nothingdid him any good until I gave himChamberlain's Cough Remedy. It relieved his cough right, away and before he had finished taking one bottle he was cured. I think it is justfine for children."(adv-Feb.)oThe man who makes his mark inthe world expects everybody else totoe it.THE BOURBONTobacco Warehouse Co.Sales Week Ending Feb. 7, 424,600 poundsfor $213,783.10 ..... .For entire season to date, 5,737,175 poundsfor $2,398,803.44 . . ."Vfw-- - j-We- Lead thePThe Bourbonwny noc, increase me emciencyon your farm with a ErorcfsonTractor?Let our regular Tractor mandemonstrate the Erordson to you. H' 111' Ruggles Motor Co. ' VBank Row, Paris, Ky. illDaily Deliveries Are MadeByTkACTION EXPRESSKy. Traction & Terminal Co.CANAL BROS.BABBEB SHOPPrompt and Courteous Attention toPatrons.HOT AND COLD BATHS(Incorporattd)r.J. .-Plenty of Room to GetDrive Risrht In!Tobacco Warehouse Co.(Incwpccatftd)PARIS, KENTUCKYProfessional Cards.WM, GRANNANAttoniey-at-LawBOOMS 401-402ITRST ffAT'L BANK BXHEDIUGDR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and ThroatBOOHS 403-404FIBST ITAT'L BANK BUILDIH GPHONE 136Average $50.34Average $41.81State!In!-j:'IV.jgESDAY,FEBRUARY 11. 1S13.THE BOURBOH HEWS, PARIS, KXHTUOUstr s tfWOFTu n&Q raaiM5Tte2i!T TV " irv.i'tv:l "fcf$sm&j tIfiHBjHijsBPnpM5kW Not a"Vtfw ia 0ugcr6ft . ..fflarAtM; iT O'W vLKUNAcure-all, out a rational remedy for catarrh andall inflammation and congestion of the mucous membranes. Catarrh attacks the mucous linings, in any organ,ii any part of the body. It is not, as some imagine,confined to the nose and throat, although nasalcjarrh is the most common form and afflicts manypvvjple.Unchecked catarrh soon breaks down the tissue anddestroys the organs or part. Evidence of the ravages of catarrh are all around us. "Without desireto frighten anyone, we say: ''Guard yourself againstcatarrh as you would against the direst plague.Fortify your system. Take Peruna."INSPIRING WORDS FOR THE SICK FROSE THOSEWHO ENOW.A Good Medicine In the Family.T. had a bad case of LaGrippe and could get norelief. Peruna cured me. It is a fine medicine. Weoften use it in the family and find it prood.MRS. GENTRY GATES,Bast Lake Station, 8225 First Avenue,Birmingham, Alabama.FEELS LIKE A DIFFERENT PERSON.Peruna has cured ny stomach and I feel like adifferent person. I only took twelve bottles of Peruna and can eat anything ithout distress, sometb'ng I have not done for fifteen years.I recommend Peruna to everybody suffering withex arrh of the stomach.1029 16th St.,Oelumbus, Georgia. J. J. THOMPSON.FOR ALL FORMS OF CATARRH.Peruna is indicated for all formsof catarrh or catarrhal inflammationand congestion of the mucous linings in any part or organ, such asnose, throat, bronchial tubes, lungs,stomach, bowels, kidneys, bladder,etc It is fine for coughs, colds andeffects of the grip and an excellentpreventive remedy.If you want health, insist uponhaving Dr. Hartman's World Famous Peruna Tonic.Sold Everywhere.&irvMmMe Wmmwk mlIPf f -11'mm; irWBmiBOTJKBOH WOMAJf JEEERMAYSVILLE RELATIVEOFWRITE FOR THIS BOOK.All sick and suffering shouldwrite The Peruna Company, Dept.S-82, Columbus, Ohio, for Dr. Hartman's Health Book. The book isfree and contains perhaps just theinformation you are seeking. It issent in a plain wrapper to any address. DO IT TODAY.IN LIQUID OR TABLET FORM.Ask your dealer for a PerunaMrs. Belle Adair, who resides onthe Lexington pike, near Paris, andher brother, Mr. R. A. Dodson, ofMaysvile, are the benificiaries of theestate of the late Mr. Omar Dodson,-millionaire wholesale grocer and realestate owner, who died at Maysville,recently, according to reports fromMaysville yesterday.It is said that by the terms of theDodson will, the estate, estimated tobe worth a million and a half dollars,is left in equal parts to Mr. OmarDodson's only sister and brother, Mrs.Adair and Mr. R. A. Dodson, afterthe payment of $1,000 for the upkeepof the Cemetery lot in Maysville, andthe sum of $500 to the EpiscopalChurch at Maysville.The estate consists of a large number of pieces of real estate in Maysville and several tracts of farm land,besides stocks, bonds and cash inbank, all of which he directs shallbe divided between his brother, Almar, of Maysville, and his sister, Mrs.Isabelle Dodson Adair, of BourbonCounty, designating the pieces ofproperty that shall go to e ach.The Bank of Maysville is named asexecutor.Mrs. Adair is the mother of Mrs.Ollie C. Hughes, Mrs. Jos. DeJarnett,Mrs. John Towles and Mr. RobertAdair, of near Paris, and of Mr.James Adair, of Mason County, andthe grandmother of Mr. Wm. B. Ardery, of near Paris. iUPSET STOMACH. 'RAPE'S BIAPEPSIN AT ONCE ENDSSOURNESS, GAS, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION.W&H'mecf!Don't stay upset! . When mealsdon't fit and you belch gas, acids andundigested food. When you feellumps of indigestion pain, flatulence,heartburn, or headache you can getinstant relief.mmm -y5LASf'vi JtmWImSSiFw Ifffl&Smf MVMNo Wastingof Bar Soap!NO decidedly no, whenGRANDMA is around.No bar soap lying inwater wastingaway No chipping,ilicing or shaving off mora than youneed. GRANDMA is a wonderfulsoapand it u Powdered. That'sthe big secret. You just measureout what you need, no more. Sprinkleit in the tub and presto -just likemagic, millions of glorious, cleansingfuds in an instant. Then, the whitest,cleanest, freshest clothes that everbung on a wash lineLargerPackageTry this Powdered Soap Today!Grandma's Powdered SoapSaves TIME Saves WORK Saves SOAPYour Grocer Has It!No waiting! Pape's Diapepsin willput you on your feet. As soon asyou eat one of these pleasant, harmless tablets all the indigestion, gases,acidity and stomach distress ends.Your druggist sells thejn.IENCESCmmMMDURABLESo These Soles SaveYou Shoe Money" I have been wearing my shoes withNedlin Soles nearly a year, and theyare apparently in as good condition aswhenlbought them." written August,1918, by W.H. Cocke, Officer, A.E.F..France.Only Neolin Soles could endure a testUke this. That they do so is becauseof the tough durability built into themby a scientific process. To cut yourshoe bills down, buy shoes with theselong-wearing soles. They come mmany styles for men, women, andchildren.Remember Ne5lin Soles are flexibleand waterproof, too, and are availableeverywhere for re-soling. They aremade by The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co., Akron, Ohio, who also makeWingfoot Heels guaranteed to outwear all other heels.rieolin Solestrade Karic Rec. U. 8. PaU OK.SPRAINS ! BUBS PAINSSWELLING AWAY.ANDDon't Suffer! Go About Your Business Belief Conies The Moment YouApply "St. Jacobs Iinament."Don't stay crippled! Rub thissoothing, penetrating liniment rightinto the sprain, ache or 6train, andout copne the pain, soreness, stiffnessand: swelling.Nothing else penetrates, heals andstrengthens the injured muscles,nerves, tendons and ligaments sopromptly. It doesn't burn or discolor the skin and cannot cause in-I jury. Don't suffer! Get' a smallbottle from any drug store nowlimber up! Rub the misery out.A moment after "St. Jacobs Linament" is applied you can not feelthe slightest pain or soreness, and'you can go about your regular duties.' "St. Jacobs Llnament" conquerspain. It has been used effectivelyfor sprains, strains, soreness and stiffness for 60 years six gold .medalawards.oKAYEEELD ATTORNEY NEWTTCAT) OP CONFEDERATEVETERANS.SOLDIERS IN PRANCE MUSTWRITE BACK HOME.IV. GLASSES I.THE INVISIBLE BIFOCALSLet ut- examine your eyes. Hoptess work we know how.Pitted byDr. Wm. Riley FranklinSuite 205-6 First National Bank,Both Phones, Paris. Ky.R. E. Johnston, Mayneld attorney,has just been appointed cojmmanderpf the Kentucky division, Sons ofConfederate Veterans, by Carl Hinton, of Denver, Col., commander-in-chief, and N. B. Forrest, of Biloxi,Miss., adjutant-in-chief and chief ofstaff. He will succeed Judge Robt.JWV Bingham, of Louisville, wnoseterm expired January 1.In the Kentucky division are fivebrigades with local camp organizations over the counties of Kentucky.The new commander Is expected toAppoint his staff soon.o.INDIGESTION.Take & few'dosee of Chamberlain'sTablets aa directed for indigestion,and you will soon forget about yourstomach troubles. Try it.When company comesthere is no time towaste no chances tobe taken so mothersees that there is always a can ofCALUMETBAKING POWDERon hand. Cakes, pies,doughnuts, muffins andall good things to eatmust be dressed up in -Itheir best taste andlooks.Then, too, her reputation as a cook mustbe upheld and she"stakes" it on Calumetevery time. Sheknowsitwill not disappoint her.Order a can and have the"company" kind of bakingsevery day.Calumet contains only suchingredients as have beenapproved officially by theU. S. Food Authorities.Yos save wbeB yon bay it.You fare vrkea yon cue it.mE!l:ttrfdMWKJ:lIXXIXBourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, Proprietors'Telephone No. 4::IDFWest Fifh StreetSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improvements in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we areprepared to do work inferior to none, and solicityour patronage.IIXIXIXIXIXIXIXIXII The Bourbon LaundryParis. ICentnrWI ;; ; ..xiFrom County to County in15 Minutes ByTRACTION EXPRESSKy.Traction & Terminal Co.New Toll Rate Effective January21st, 1919Order No. 2495 of the Telegraph and Telephone Admlnistr&tiomissued by the Postjmaster General at Washington, December 13th, a mtwtoll rate is ordered effective Januarry 21, 1919.According to our interpretation of this order the toll rates will toclassified as follows: The day rate applies between the hour of 4:30 fem. and 8:30 p. m.Night rate between 8: 30 and 12 midnight for station-to-station mtfr;sages only, shall be approximately 50 per cent, less than any day rata,but no night rate for less than 25 cents.Another night rate between 12 midnight and 4:30 a. m. shall be ayroximately 75 per cent, less than the day rate, but no night rate lewthan 25 cents.Person-to-person messages shall be approximately 25 per cent,higher than station-to-station rates.Appointment calls shall be approximately 50 per cent, higher than,station-to-station calls.Calls which require service of a messenger shall take the appoimtment rate, plus cost of messenger fee.A report charge of approximatly 25 per cent, of the station-to nation rate will be made on all person-to-person calls, when person dtairedis not in or will not talk or if party calling is out when connection ispleted within one hour after filing time.Paris Home Telephone & Telgraph Co.(Incorporattd.) i i I OTdjJtJjJJ. J. VEATCH. W. H. CAHN0N.District Manager Local HantzerThe News Job Department is Always Busy."There's a Reason." Work Done Right!XSKXlIv3EO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR"Motor Equipment10THIPH0NES-DAY137; NIGHT 299CnUr Fifth and PfcMMtt Stretts, ftirii, KyiX1iEvery member of the AmericanExpeditionary Forces will have towrite a postal card and start it hcaeward in the immediate future, according to an order recently issued.The order prescribes that the "postcard shall be deated and inform thenext of kin of the soldier's station,physical condition and the organization tc; which he is attached. Thepostcard will be furnished by the organization commanders, who are ordered to collect and censor the cardspromptly and make every effort todispatch thepn speedily.The order was found to be necessary owing to the neglect of manysoldiers to write to their people athome, who remained in ignorance ofthe whereabouts' and health of theirsoldier relatives and therefore werekept in a constant state of mentalanxiety.MOTHER ! GIVE CHILD "SYRUP OFHGS" IF TONGUE IS COATED.If Cross, Feverish, Sick, Bilious,1 ' dean Little liver and Bowels.' Children love this "fruit laxative",nd nothing else cleanses the stomach and liver and bowels so nicely.A child will simply not stop playing to empty bowels, and the resultis, they become tightly clogged withwaste matter, liver gets sluggish,stomah sours, then your little one becomes'cross, half sick, feverish, don'teat sleep or act naturally, breath isbad, system full of cold, has sorethroat, stomachache or diarrhoea.Listen, mother! See if tongue is coated, then give a teaspoo-nful of "California Syrup of Figs," and in a fewhours all the constipated waste, sourbile and undigested food passes outof the system, and you have a well,playful child again.Millions of mothers give "California Syrup of Figs" because it is perfectly harmless; children love it, andit never fails to act on the liver andbowels.Ask your druggist for a bottle of"California Syrup of Figs," whichhas full directions for babies, children of all ages and for grown-upsplainly printed plainly on the bottle.Beware of counterfeits sold here.Get the genuine, made by the "California Syrup Company". Refuse anyother kind with contempt.oAnother thing if it is true thatsudden millionaires are afraid of thelaw, why do so many of them buildhomes that look like country-courthouses?oA West Dallas widow says that thelatest proposal she has had wasfrom an ex-bartender, who said heknew she was an unusual woman because her first husband always criedabout her after the third drink.z oIt has just about gotten so in thiscountry that if a man tries to sayesomething he is accused of beingmean to his. family. .r 0 , 'If moneV talks how can we sayWivax Upi f tre my r - -fEVERYBODY" KNOWSMVE-IN-HEADMEAN3 BUKXRevised PricesThe assurance of material for quantityproduction of Buick cars enables theBuick Motor Company to establish thefollowing prices on the various Buickmodels, effective January first, 1919.These prices will not be changed duringour present dealers' selling agreements.Three Passenger Open Model H-Six-44 - $1495Five Passenger Open Model H-Six-45 - - 1495Four Passenger Closed Model H-Six?46 - 1985Five Passenger Closed Model H-Six-47 - - 2195 " ,' Seven Passenger Open Model H-Six-49 - 1785Seven Passenger Closed Model H-Six-50 -. 2585Buick Motor Company, Flint, MichiganPioneer Builders of Valve-in-Head Motor GarsC. S. BAtlLmwmmmmmmmmm!KmtmtmgmmmmmmmmaK0emmvmmmwmmmmummmMssmwmmCiVRAGE-rJ-fXMX that-talk is cheap?IX.1"ViaftrAGE EIGHTTHE BOUKBON IfEWSf PARIS, KENTUCKY'TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 151.ro ' vtiv" a j iAT"w-.l 1THE PARIS GRANDThree Nights, Commencing Thursday, Feb. 13thAlamoarid The Grandma.j'r TUESDAY FEB. IIMarguerite ClarkIN(X.THE GOOSE GIRL". ;:', Many kings have wed poor girls, but theiking. that' weds this lowly goose girl is a different kkind' of a king and Marguerite ClarkI is. a different kind of a poor girl.Antonio Moreno and Carol Hollowayin3f.,"1The Iron Test"I . ALSOPathe Comedy, 'Love's Young Scream'WEDNESDAY, FEB. 12Thos, HLJrice PresentsCharles RayIN"The Law of the North9fDramatic action of a high order andthrills galore are conspicuous features of"The Law of the North.BIG V COMEDYX"Boobs and Bumps"andPARAMOUNT PICIOGRAPHEdward Van Leeuwe Orchestra f5ONE SHOWStarts 7 P. M.ARTHUR HAUK PRESENTSThe Sunshine GirlsIN THAT BIG MUSICAL FUN SHOWONE SHOWStarts 7 P. M."LITTLE DOLLY DIMPLES"7 Dainty Dances, Sparkling Comedy and Pretty Girls.Norma TkJmadge, in "Her Only Way". Screen Telegram and Lyons-Morah Comedy.Edward Van Leeuwe Orchestra trSPicture Program at The Alamo Afternoon Only.The Grand Friday, February 14thTHE SUNSHINE GIRLS PRESENT"Hiram at the Cabaret"The Grand, Saturday, Feb. 15thTHE SUNSHINE GIRLS, IN"Fun in a Court Room"MILLERSBURG.tDEATHS.Mrs. M. E. Martia continues togro-w weaker. vMr. S R. Butler ig confined toHits Lome with, pneumonia.7i 'Mrs. J. H. Collier is improvingafter a severe "attack of bronchialp'neumonia.Mr. James Ellington, who iscoafine'd to his home with the ''flu,"is improving.Mr. Thomas Jones, who hasbeen confined to his home for sometime by illness, remains about thesame.Mr. and Mrs. I. F. Frederick, ofX-;usville, arrived Saturday as guestsoC he latter's parents,. Rev. and Mrs.JJi Redd.y Among the new cases of influenza reported .yesterday are Mr.Charles McDaaiel and Miss Katherin& Qillispie:Mr. William Baldwin, of theIT. S. Army, at Fort Thqmas, arrivedThursday on a ten-days' furlough, tovisit his brother and sister, Mr. E.I)- Baldwin, and Mrs. E. H. Kerr. l'z Mrs. Rebecca Simms, who hasbeen" nursing Mrs. J. H.-Collier, returned to her Jiome at Paris, Monday. Mrs. Parsons, of Carlisle, willtake the case until Mrs. Collier isable to be out again.FOR SALE. A five-room residence in good condition, with water,orchard, garden and -stable. Forfurther particulars call -or addressMr. Harry Fay, Millersburg, Ky.(31-4t)PUBLIC SALE. On Feb. 21, at2 -j jm., I will sell all my stock,farin implements, etc., to the highestbicWer. Sale held on premises.Don't fail to. attend. .Don't, forgetdate.(7-td) EDGAR HURST.oMATTINGLY.-Mary Julia Mattingly, aged fouryears and four months, died Sundaynight at the home of her parents,Mr. and Mrs. R. G. Mattinerlv. near(Elizabeth Station, in this county,after a short illness. She is survivedby her parents, one sister and onebrother. The body was shipped today for Maysville for burial.a-RELIGIOUS.The- young -people of the Baptistchurch will give a 'Valentine SocialiiC the church parlors Thursdayevening, Feb, 13, at 7:50 o'clock.All friends are invited to cqme and3rfng a valentine, either comic orsentimental. Nc; .admission charged.Refreshment. ..r-a-O-s-BIRTHS.In Newport, Sunday, to the wifeoC Dr. Walter Dempsey, formerly ofParis, a daughter,, weight SY3pounds. Dr. Dempsey is a son ofMrj and Mrs. James B. Dempsey, ofO ;NOT THIS GEOBGE.I Mr.. George Collins, of Paris, asksiliE NEWS to state for the 'benefitof bis friends, customers, ana. acquaintances generally that he 'is notth6 George. Collins arrested in connection with a recent shady tobaccotransaction, in which a man by thatname figured. ,r r.Mx. Collins is a native of Bour(osv&ninty, and a Respectable business pnan, while the "other" GeorgeCollins is from Nicholas county. Mr.CoUias regrets very much the unfortunate notoriety thrust upon him byth-similarity of names, hence, requests THE NEWS to make this.statement in his . behalf, which wecheerfully do.LJ o' ADKEHISTBATOKS QUALIFY1 The Peoples-Deposit Bank'& TrustCompany qualified Saturday in the" CountyXJourt as administrator of theJ&to MrsrEtta C. Curtis. Carrie D.Murray qualified as administratrixof the estate of John Nayless, colored? Jby furnishing bond in the sumpf JF?qO with-Elizabeth P. Walker assurety. .'Judge George Batterton, in theCounty Court, appointed Mr. A.B&refi, of near Paris, as administrato of the estate of Mrs. Elizabeth.PkelpG, decease. Mr. Bayes qualfJLed'by furnishing bond in the sumof $500, with Lee Moore and Walter Clark, a sureties ". ,"long. ;Everette Long, aged six months.died yesterday morning of pneumonia, at the home of his father, William' Long, on' the Spears Mill pike.The funeral will be held at four.o'clock this afternoon, with servicesconducted at the grave in the ParisCemetery. - The child's mother diedtwo weeks ago from the same disease.GARRISON.' The funeral of Helen Garrison,aged twelve, daughter of Mr. andMrs. John G. Garrison, who died ofinfluenza at the home of her parents,on the Redmon pike, Saturday, washeld Sunday afternoon at two o'clock,with services conducted at the gravein the Paris Cemetery, by Rev. Mr.Kidwell. -She is survived by her parents,two brothers and three sisters, allof whom are ill with the same disease.PLUNKETT.The funeral of Robert LeePlunkett, four-years old, who diedFriday evening of pneumonia at thehclie of his parents, Mr. and Mrs.Ranson Plunkett, on the Hupne andBedford pike, was held Saturday afternoon at two o'clock at the OldUnion church, with services conducted by Rev. M. W. Bottom. Theburial followed on the family lot inthe Old Union Cemetery. The pallbearers were Marion Honaker, OrieGraves, Robert White, Charles Shepherd, Walter Mclntyre and CharlesPlunkett.PORTER.Friends in Paris are grieved tolearn of the death of Mrs. MaymeShropshire Porter, wife of Mr. J. W.Porter, cashier of the First and CityNational Bank, of Lexington, whichoccurred at her home in that cityFriday morning, after a short illness.Mrs. Porter was one of the mostbeloved women in Central Kentucky.She was formerly Miss Mayme Shropshire, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. AlexShropshire, and was born and reared in Fayette county. She was agraduate of Hamilton College, Prof.Porter being a member of the facultyfor some time. Her daughter. MissDazy Moore Porter, is a member ofthe faculty of the Paris High School.The funeral was held Sunday afternoon at three o'clock, with services conducted at the grave in theLexington Cemetery by Rev. I. J.Spencer, assisted by Rev. E. T. Edmunds. Several friends from thiscity and county attended the funeraland burial.McDUFFY.Mr. Albert L. McDuffy, a formerresident of this city died at his homeon the Narth Middletown pike, ateleven o'clock Sunday morning, after a short illness of pneumonia.During his residence in Paris, Mr.McDuffy was employed in variouscapacities. For a long time he wasin the employ of the Paris Ice Co.He was a man of genial impulses andmade ajarge circle of friends by hisuniform courtesy to patrons of theCompany. He is survived by hiswidow, one daughter Mrs. FrankRedmon, two sisters, Mrs. Wm. Stewart and Mrs. Wm. Thomas, both ofParis, and one brother, Mr. J. ' W.McDuffy, of Cincinnati.The funeral will be held at 2:30o'clock this (Tuesday) afternoon,with services conducted at the gravein the Paris Cehietery, by Rev. R.C. Goldsmith, pastor of the ParisBaptist church. The pall-hearerswill be T. W. Napier, Dee Scott,George Rose, Dudley Rose, EdwardBurke and H. Collins.CANTRILL.The funeral of Mrs. SallieChamp Cantrillt aged about sixty,who died at the family home onWinchester street, Friday afternoon,of a1 cojhplicatioir of diseases; washeld Sunday afternoon at 2:30o'clock, with services conducted atthe graveside 'in the Paris Cemeteryby Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of theParis Christian, church. The palli bearers were the officers of theChristian church, of which she hadbeen almost a lifetime member.Mrs. Cantrill was . formerly MissSallie Champ, a daughter of the lateMrs. America Link. The home placeon Winchester, street was originallythe home of her mother, Mrs. -AmericaLink. Mrs. Cantrill was the wifeof Mr. Edward F. Cantrill. Besidesher husband she is survived by oneson, Mr. Lewellyn Cantrill, of nearMillersburg, and one daughter, MissLena .Cantrill, of Paris.Mrs. Cantrill was a most estimablewoman, of a high Christian character. Devoted to her hefne she wasbest known and best-loved there.Of a modest, unassujming disposiCionshe made her home a haven of. restand a place of cheer and "comfort.She was highly esteemed by a largecircle of friends and relatives whosincerely regret her passing away.many social functions since hergraduation frofm Bristol - Hall atWashington, D,: C. - She is noted forher lovely disposition and charm ofmanner. '':'xMr. Winn has only recently returned from the- army, having receivedhis honorable discharge. He wasformerly connected " with the Montgomery National Bank and Whitehall WJarehouse, and also has extensive farming interests- in Clarkcounty.ROUT.Paris people heard with sincereregret of the death of Mrs. MaryYoung Rout, beloved wife of Rev.Gelon Rout, who died at her home inVersailles last week after a short illness of pneumonia. Mrs. Rout .-vvasin her eighty-eighth! year. She wasa sister of Mrs. E. H- Rutherford,widow of the. Rev. E. H. Rutherford,who for years was 'the beloved pastor of the Paris Presbyterian church,and loved and esteejmed by everyman, woman and child in Paris whoknew him.Mrs. Rout, before her marriagewas Miss Mary Breckinridge Young,daughter of the Rev. John C. Young,former president of Centre College,Danville. . SheN and her sisters werethe first Kentucky women to be givencollege diplomas. She graduated inthe class of 1849r and was marriedin 1857. Two children were born tothe union, Miss Cornelia CrittendenRout, who died in 1912, and JohnY. Rout, of Versailles, who surviveshis mother. Doctor Rout was pastorof the Versailles Presbyterian churchfor more than 50 years, and diedApril 3, 1914.Mrs Rout's patience, kindness ,anddevotion to duty with her active interest in all phases of life, made herone of the most heloved women inWoodford county. Funeral serviceswere held at the Presbyterianchurch in Versailles, the burial following in the Danville Cemetery.Several members of the Paris congregation attended the funeral andburial.'MATRIMONIAL. .-BROWNING CHANDLER.Friends in this city of thecharming bride have received, handsomely-engravedcards announcingthe marriage of Miss Mabel Browning and Mr. William Nobel Chandler,both of Earlington, Ky. The wedding took place in Earlington onThursday, February 6.Mrs. Chandler is the daughter ofMrs. Harriet Browning, of Earlington, and one of the most charmingand attractive young women in thatcity. She is possessed of a disposi-'tion that has made her a host- offriends, among whom the "writercounts hfmself as being happily oneof the nujmber. Mr. Chandler is aprosperous young business man ofHopkinsville. Mr. and Mrs. Chandler will be at home to their friends at614 South Campbell Street, Hopkinsville.WOODFORD WINN.Mr. and Mrs. John T. Woodfordannounce the engagement . of theirdaughter, Lucy Clay, to Mr. RichardPrewitt Winn, son of 'Mr. and Mrs.John G. Winn.The wedding will take place inthe early spring. This announcement, will be of much interestthroughout Central Kentucky, bothparties being members of prominentfamilies, and both having an extensive family connection in Bourboncounty. The bride-to-be is a nfece ofMr. Catesby Woodford, of Paris, anda frequent visitor in Paris, and thecounty.Miss Woodford is a beautiful andcultured young woman, being ""a.great 'favorite in this ana adjoiningcounties, -where" she has attendedLLOYD MASON.The marriage of Miss EmmaLloyd, of Mt. Sterling, and Mr. JohnMason, of Avon, this county, tookplace at the home of Mr. and Mrs. J.W.Tuttle, near Winchester, recently. Rev. C. M. Thompson, pastor othe Winchester Bautist church, officiated. The wedding was a veryquiet affair and only the immediatefriends and relatives were present.The bride has been connectedwith the Clark County NationalBank 'at Winchester for some time.She is a daughter of Mr. Robert C.Lloyd, of Mt. Sterling. The groom isason of Mr. J. N.Mason, 61 NorthMiddletown, and Is quite an extensive farmer. He is well-known here,where he has many friends. After ashort honeymoon trip Mr. and Mrs.Mason returned to the groan's farpnnear Avon, where they will maketheir future home."THE KISS BURGL4R" AT LEXINGTON OPERA HOUSEThe principal attraction at theLexington Opera House this weekwill be "The Kiss Burglar,", whichcomes on Friday and Saturday evenings, with Saturday matinee. Thisis the season's musical comedv success, coming direct from the GeorgeM. Cohan Theatre, after a successfulrun in New York and other Easterncities.Those who have been seekingsomething new in musical comedywill find it in Coutt's and TennisSmacking Musical cedy success,"The Kiss Burglar' which cqmesfresh from its Broadway run of sfxsolid months at the George M. CohaaTheatre, New York City. It contains novelty in incident and actionand animated movement, prettymusic, graceful dancing and charming acting. -Glenn MacDonoughwrote the book and lyrics and nodoubt has more successes to hiscredit than any other libertest ofthe day, which embrace "The Algerian," the novelty musical comedyin which Marie Tempest met withher biggest success. "Babes An Toyland," "It Happened In Nordland,""The Midnight Sons," "Queen of theMovies," "Fades and Fancies." but inthe work of his latest success, "TheKiss Burglar," he has surpassed himsely. Raymond Hubbeir composedthe music and he knows what theAmerican public likes. There are nomelodic eccentricities, such asF we'have found within the last twoyears in some of the foreign operettas, but attractive and beautifulairs, easily caught and remembered,and that will soon be picked up andcarried everywhere.Seats on sale Wednesday morningvFebruary 12,ONE HUNDREDTH ANNIVERSARYOF ODD FELLOWSHIPThis year is the one hundredthanniversary of the establishment ofthe order and great plans have beenmade for the accomplishlnent of(much during 1919.The Independent Order of Odd Fellows was established on April 26,1819, in Baltimore, Md., with fivemembers. In the Dast 100"vears ofjprogress the order now has over 18,'000 lodges in the United States andCanada with more than 2,250,000members.The Grand Master of the order hasasked that every member of everylodge of the I. O. O. F. obtain a newmember between January 1 and July1. This request was made by theGrand Master as one of the big eventsof the anniversary in order that thelodges might increase their membership 100 per cent this year.fZZCLEAN SWEEP.Hl. '""HHMHfIEntire Stock of Winter Footwear Must Go !Grtat Reduction in spitoff tht fact off tin fact thatwe cannot replace thesehigh grade shoes at nearthese prices. DON'TWAIT! BUY NOW! Delay ' mean a money lossto you:Women's, Men's and Children's Shoes at RecordBreaking Marked Down Prices. Allbroken and discontinued lines at1-2 PRICEand in many instances even less.tr fu W"u fflailvlil ftl ICr IV?Just a Few of the Hundreds of Marked Down Prices$3.45Ladies' Grey Boots. Louis heel.best quality, all sizes. 5.95 valLadies Mahogany English or Louis HeelBoots with cloth tops to match, fco Ar15.00 values, at OKJLadies' Mahogany -Tan English &a erBoots. $6.00 values, at pSrOULadies' Dark Grey Boots, all kid eCftC!tops. Walk-Over, $9.00 values, at..P-J.LadiesKeelYvaiK-wver, vv.vv values, at..'"rwm"-es' Black English or Cuban o qaBoots, $4.00 values, at ty&.VVBrokenLadies' Assorted$5.00 values at...Men's Dark Tan$6.00 values at..Men's G. M. Enerlish Wallr-Owi.Sizes, ei OCEnglish tA CAi nf.UU-.TOj , m -ng'isn waiK-uver eo irand other famous makes, $4.50 val. $54JMen's Gun Metal Lace,,E. & J. 0 Arkmakes, $4.00 values, at $Z,49Boys' Gun Metal Lace, $2.50 val- i pyrTues at 3l.y. t. Don't Miss This Money - Saving Opportunity.Sale Now Going On. IDAN COHENParis' Greyest Siioe Store .Where Beauty .and Economy Reignmm. J""-