fS'-i' '.j,"1--,! -i ".;tk--, T Ct"V v ir.NEWSt'-MW ?V"'TA..PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY ANB FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.v-i5VOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1919VI - ,, utiTHEBOURBON"- TW430TJRBON CITIZEN INTERESTEDIN CANADA LAND DEAL.l,ir. Buckner Woodford, of Paris,Cashier of the Bourbon-AgriculturalBank & Trust Co., is an interestedparty, with W. B. Corbin, John L.Buckley, J. C. Stone, of Lexington,and Baxter Bros., of Wintrop,Iowa, in a deal for the purchase ofa large body of farming land in Algeria, Canada.The deal, which has been practically completed, involves the purchase of about 15,000 acres of land,located ten miles east of Olds, in Alfcerta, Province, Canada, and necessitates an outlay of $350,000. Thisland is situated in the best andrichest mixed farm district in theProvince of Alberta, and has beenunder lease for the past five years toP. I. Burns, of Calgary. When thelease, expires and the property isturned over to the purchasers,part of the land will be put intocrops and the remainder will be usedfor livestock. If the racing game develops in Alberta, it is very probable that thoroughbred horses willform a part of the farm's activities.The deal was consummated by representatives of the principals at a-conference held in Chicago somedays ago.XOCAL PHYSICIANS PERFORM ARARE OPERATION.For the first time in the historyof the institution local physiciansperformed an operation at the MassieMemorial Hospital, in this city, forthe removal of kidney. The patientwas a colored woman named KittieWarren. The operation is said tohave been a success, and the patient has a fair prospect of recovery.Three large kidney stones were removed from the organ. The patientstood the ordeal remarkably well andTallied quickly from the effects ofthe operation.oIffiPORT OF BRAMBLETTE SALE.Auctioneer George D. Speakes, ofParis, who conducted the public saleof livestock, crops, etc., belonging toGeorge Bramblette, near Millersburg,makes the following report: Cowsisold for ?S0 to $95 each; sheep, $14and $15 a head; one sow and pigs,$55; horses, $35 to $135 a head;one pair of mules, $565; one mule,$165; one jack, $465; one jack colt,$135; one jennet, $185; one Percheron stallion, $215; baled straw,$8 to $9.50 per ton; chickens, 75cents to 85 cents each.THE BEST INSURANCE.Insure your tobacco in thefaarn against Fire and Windstorm withYERKES & PEED,Farmers & Traders Bank.(augl5-tf)FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSGreatReductionsONHigh ClassSuits .AandSkirts.FRANK & CO...- ; LADIES' OUTFITTERS, , . "'i . Automobile 'Delivery .fMOTOECYCLE COLLIDES WITH ANAUTOMOBILEEn route to Peris yesterday afternoon on" a motorcycle John Ginnand Charles Barlow, residing nearHutchison, collided with an automobile near Kenney, in which both received serious injuries. The machinewith which they came in collisionwas coming at a good pace down thepike, toward Lexington. In endeavoring to keep to their side of theroad their motorcycle swerved, asdid the automobile.When the crash came the twomen were thrown a distance of several feet, striking on the road. Barlow's right leg was broken, whileGinn sustained serious bruises andcuts about the head and face. Theautomobile sped on, the driver, whowas unknown, making no effort tohelp the injured men. Mr. BenParker, of Paris, passing by discovered their plight and placed them inhisvmachine, bringing them to Paris.Barlow was taken to the Massie Memorial Hospital, while Ginn wastaken to the office of Drs. Kenney& Stoeckinger, where his injurieswere given attention. The motorcycle was completely demolished bythe collision.HOSPITAL SUPERINTENDENT'GRANTED ABSENT LEAVEAt a meeting of the Board ofTrustees of the Massie MemorialHospital, an indefinite leave of absence was granted. Miss MinnieBoehm, Suprintendent of the institution since its inception, about eightyears ago. Miss Boehm has been inill health for some time, and hasgone to her old home in Philadelphia, to recuperate. She has beensucceeded as Superintendent by Mis?Stevenson, of Berea, who comeshighly recommended for the position. oBIRTHS.Near Little Rock, this county,to the wife of Buchanan Leggett, ason.At the Norton Infirmary, inLouisville, to the wife of Dr. M. L.Gunn, of that city, a son, christenedWilliam Ussery Gunn. Mrs. Gunnwas formerly Miss Dorcas Ussery,daughter of Dr. W. C. Ussery, ofParis.BOWLING GAMESA team of bowlers from Paris visited Mt. Sterling last week and metdefeat in a series of games by apicked team at the Trimble BowlingAlleys. The Paris team is puttingin some practice stunts at the localalleys and is arranging for a seriesof games with teams from surrounding towns, to be played here.HWlREAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS 'Wm. D. Mclntyre, of Millersburg,sold a tract of land located in Nicholas county, to Lowe Bros., for $310an acre.Two good sales of farms located inthe Ruddles .Mills vicinity were consumated yesterday, both tractsbringing high prices at private sale.James W. Connell, of Paris, soldto W. S. Jennings, of Harrisoncounty, his farm of 120 acres, located near Newtown, in Scott county, for $250 an acre.George Weathers purchased ofDavid S. Wilson, a farm of seventyone acres, located near Shawhan,for $315 an acre. Mr. Wilson andfamily will move to Paris to reside.The C' U. Bramblette real estateagency, of Carlisle, reports the saleof a one hundred acre farm in Bourbon county, the property of J. L.Craigh, to James B. Thomas, for$275 an acre.The twenty-acre farm of GrantGalloway, located on the RuddlesMills pike, near Paris, was offered atpublic sale by the Paris Realty Company. The farm was bid to $350 anacre and withdrawn.N. H. Bayless, Sr., sold a tract of345 acres to a local syndicate, for$300 an acre. George Paulconer solda farm containing fifty acres, to Mr.Harney, of Harrison county, for$300 an acre.James M. Russell sold at privatesale Saturday to James Connell, ofParis, his farm of 335 acres, located on the Bethlehem pike, nearParis, for $250 an acre. This is oneof the best farms in the county, andhas had careful attention in coultivating. Through Harris & Speakes, realestate dealers of Paris, George D.Speakes, auctioneer, John L. Sopersold Saturday his farm of 367 acres,located two miles from Little Rock,in this city, at an average price of$228 per acre for the three tracts.The farm was divided into threetracts. Tract No. 1, containing 130acres, with improvements, was soldto Stewart Urmston, of Harrisoncounty, for $237 an acre. Tract No.J2, containing"" 130 acres, and improvements, was purchased by Wasson Bros., for $213 an acre. TractNo. 3, containing 107 acres, was soldto Henry S. Caywood and S. R. Burris, for $237 an acre.FOOT BALL GAMES IN THE BLUEGRASS. Center College defeated the University of Kentucky eleven at Danville, Saturday afternoon by a scoreof 56 to 0, the largest score by whichthe State University has been defeated by another Kentucky team intwenty-five years.As a result of this game, it seemsunquestioned that Center has thebest team in the South. GeorgiaTech is the only team which couldbe put up as a worthy opponent ofthe Danville team.The Millersburg Military Institutefootball team, playing on its homegrounds, defeated the strong Stanford outfit by a score of 65 to 0 Friday afternoon. Both of these teamshad been beaten by the Lexingtonhigh school outfit earlier in the season and were not considered championship timber, but Friday's walkover gives the M. M. I. boys a chanceto talk back.Chinn, who is a nephew of old Colonel Jack and Van Pelt, were theoutstanding stars of the game. Bothare Millersburg men and the formeris said to be one of the best youngplayers developed in Kentucky inlate years.The Paris High School team, accompanied by Coach Sheffield, wentto Somerset, Friday, where theyplayed the Somerset High Schoolteam. The game resulted in the defeat of Paris High School, the scorebeing 39 to 0 in favor of SomersetHigh School.QT.T7.T US FIX YOURCAR WEKEEP COMPETENT MECHANICSWhen your car needs to be repaired bring it to us. Our mechanicsare competent and do not work firston one car and then on another,charging you for time on both cars.Honesty is our policy.Dickerson & Son, Storage BatteryService Station, General Auto Repairing. Both Phones 436. 10 6-1 OSB. Tenth Street, Paris, Kentucky.(18-tf) ' ' Ji oARTILLERY DETACHMENT INPARIS SHORT TIME.A detachment of the T3ighty-ftrstU. S- Artillery, presumably headedfor Camp Knox, near Louisville, wasin Paris for a short time Fridaymorning. The datichment comprisedabout ten motor vans with field gunsnnd machine guns with several smalltrucks, coveied with "camouflage"covers. Each truck and Tan " wasmanned bv twelve artillerymen. No-Information could be obtained fromthe men as to their destination.save that they were Jton their wa,.j n m v v-j .. 0 o-' Don;t hypnotize people into doingthings-they come, to? and. then-tjaey;PARIS MAY HAVE NEW PASSENGER STATIONIf the Louisville & Nashville Railroad officials can see the necessityof having a new passenger station afTenth street, in this city, as presented them in a petition signed bya large number of Paris people, itis more than probable that the newstation may become a reality.The matter has been taken up forthe city by Mayor January with themembers of the present RailroadCommission, and in reply to his communication a letter was receivedfrom Sid T. Douthitt, Railroad Commissioner for this district, statingthat the matter would be left as it isfor the consideration of the incoming Commission.The present structure was erected many years ago, and is said nowto be entirely inadequate for theneeds of the railroad and the expresscompanies, and for the accommodation of the traveling public. Severalyears ago L. & N. architects prepared plans for the erection of a newstation, but no action was taken,owing to the coming of the greatwar, which stopped proceedings.Should a favorable decision be arrived at in the matter, the work ofbuilding could not begin before nextspring, and until after the Government surrenders the road to its original owners, which it is promised,will take place on January 1, 1920.CIRCUIT COURTAll juries in the Circuit Courtwere excused Friday until thismorning, when the Commonwealthcases will be called.A compromise was effected in thecase of Sam Schooler's administrator vs. George Williams Clay. Thedefendant paid in the sum of $50.Schooler was struck and killed by anautomobile driven by Clay, on theWinchester pike, near Paris, severalweek ago, while walking in themiddle of the pike. Schooler's administrator sued for $10,000 damages. The evidence showed that theaccident was unavoidable, and- thatMr. Clay was taking all the precautions possible and had alwaysbeen considered a careful driver.There was no session of the Courtyesterday. The sessions will be resumed this morning, when the Courtwill call the ordinary docket forhearing of Commonwealth cases.oNEW BAEBER PntM.Walker Domett, who has been inthe barbering business, in Paris forUthe, past twenty-one years, and Lu-cien Johnson, who has been in thebusiness in this city for nine years.and many years before that in otherplaces, have formed a partnershipin conducting the business at Demett's old stand, No. 120 Tenthstreet, near the Louisville & Nashville passenger station.We submit the following scale ofprices for the benefit of prospectiveand present customers: Shave, 15cents; hair cut, 25 cents; massage,25 cents; shampoo, 25 cents; hairsinge, 25 cents; hair tonic, 10 cents.We guarantee to give you as goodwork as any shop in the city. Wewill be open early and desire your'patronage.WALKER DEMMETT,LUCIEN JHONSON.(7-tf)oMEANS-ANDERSON COMPANYLYCEUM COURSE.INThe Means-Anderson Entertainment Company, which will be heardon the Lyceum course here Thursdayevening, November 26, has a remarkable record. Although this companyhas filled hundreds of dates in all''parts of the country, it has neverbeen adversely criticised by anynewspaper or committee. It is a 100per cent, company as a popular attraction. The program given by the MeansAnderson Company is clean, artisticand vibrant with life. Miss EdnaMeans, reader, Eva Anderson, violinist, Miss Sellers, pianist, who makeup the company are possessed of apersonality and versatility which insure a program rich in contrast andfull of startling surprises.Miss Meant was formerly dean ofthe College of Oratory of the Highland Park University. Her masteryof her art, her charm and joyous na-Hira Jhairo nn ri i Vfl tPfl TlP.r aildienCCiifrom east to west. Miss Anderson.violinist, is a remarkable entertainerand her splendid musicianship hasenabled her to win her audiencesthroughout.When this splendid company isheard hero those who attend the entertainment will be both surprisedand delighted at the excellence ofihe program.All tickets on sale at the Y. M.C A. , ..o --AMERICAN LEGION TAKES INNEW MEMBERS.At the banquet given by BourbonPost American Legion, in the Y. M.C. A. gymnasium in this city, seventy new members were added to theroll. The speakers of the eveningpaid tribute to the memory of thosewho died during the world war andcalled on those present to "carry on"in the fight for the country to-d'ayagainst unrest and radicalism.oFOOT BALL.Paris and Georgetown higbnnunnir ninvni i-oiio.vfia.v afternoonWright's field, on the Bethlehemrilro tlio rrRllIT nRmC rallS. IB ttllU-Georgetown 0. Arnsparger, Dentonand' Rice featured for Paris, thelatter making a wonderful Kick iorLITTLE GIRL VICTIM OF AUTOACCIDENTDeath under the wheels of anoncoming automobile was the sadfate that overtook Fannie May Hill,six-year-old daughter of Harry Hill,of near Hutchison, Friday afternoon,when she was struck and killed byan automobile driven by SamuelWalton, of, Fayette county. The ac-cident occurred about t eight milesfrom Lexington.The little girl attended schoolnear the Lexington Country Club,"and rode to and from the school onthe Paris-Lexington interurban car.She stepped off the car at Stop 29,and in attempting to cross the pike,ran directly in front of the automobile. The accident, according topassengers on the interurban car,was unaviodable. Mr. Walton placed the little girl in his car, and rushed back to Lexington, but she diedbefore medical aid could reach her.This was the little girl's first yearin school. Her father works inParis, and she had been making-herhome with her grandparents. Mr.and Mrs. J. F. Hill, near Hutchison.Her mother died at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, lastDecember.The funeral of the little victimtook place Sunday afternoon, at2:30 o'clock, with services conductedat the grave in the Paris Cemetery.B-4 riREInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,AgtsHANDSOME SHELBY HOMESTROYED BY EIRE.DE-L. C. Willis' residence at Eleventhand Main streets, in Shelbyville, waspractically destroyed by fire, whichoriginated in the roof, presumablyfrom a defective flue, at 9:5 Friday morning. All of the roof wasburned off and the second storydamaged beyond hope of repair, butthe outer walls of the lower floor areintact, though the interior is badlydamaged by water.The large part of the furniturewas saved, but much of the clothingof the members of the family and aconsiderable quantity of the housefurnishings were lost. The loss Isestimated at between 8 ,"'00 and$10,000, with insurance for $7,000.oFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan, o y - . vSUSTAINS SPRAINED ANKLEWhile engaged in a practice gameof football at the Paris High Schoola few days ago Robert B. Frank.son of Mr. and Mrs. Robt. L. Frank,sustained a severely sprained anklewhen he stumbled and fell. He isa cant.WE KNOW HOWAny Tailor Can Make Clothes;Only Master Tailors Can MakeOur Smart Clothes!cA carpenter can make a piece of furniture thatrriay look well and last a few years. But the furniture that we prize most, the pieces that have beenhanded down through generations as heirlooms, isthe work ot cabinet makers men who knew wood,how to season and work it according to the grain,and how to join it so the joints would hold.So good clothes are the product of good tailorsour Smart Clothes the product of the best tailors.Every operation, from the shrinking of the woolento the fastening of the buttons, is the work of anartist in his special field each doing his bit for theultimate accomplishment of the perfect whole.Our Smart Clothes inherit a tradition that hasbeen handed down through generations of the samefamilies working side by side in the shops, and therecord of the grandfather is a constant incentive tothe son and grandson, zzzMay we explain to you personally the advantage there is in this for you?Prices $20.00 to $75.00MITCHELL &Stetson HatsManhattan ShirtsRATHBONE LODGE TOTAIN THURSDAY NIGKEAn event in local lodge circles willbe the "get-together" meeting" to- fcheld at the court house Thursdaynight, by the members of RathboaLodge, No. 12, Knights of PythWof this city. The meeting will -followedby a banquet to be serraiby the Pythian Sisterhood at tklodge room, at the corner of Mateand Third streets, in the Wilobuilding. Preparations have beemmade to entertain three hundred,people.Every member .of the lodge is .urged to be present and to brisg:his wife, or his sister, or sweetheartwith him. The Grand Chancellorwill be present at this meeting a'will other prominent members of theorder, who will deliver addresses. JLgood time is assured all who atteni.The committee having the matter imcharge have made all necessary ararngements for the entertainmeatand they extend a cordial invitation to the lodge members to conMuAmong other important matters tocome up at this meeting will be tieinauguration of the Pythian drirefor the benefit of the Pythian Homeat Lexington, an institution whichhas done a vast amount of good in.providing a comfortable home for orphans of deceased members of tiePythian brotherhood.oPREPARE WHILE YOU CAN; 00LWEATHER COMING,Our car-load of stoves and heatershave arrived. Buy now. Have themput up while you can.(28-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO..TO OUR SUBSCRIBERS.THE NEWS subscription list feundergoing a process of revision aacfelimination, in which many namesare being droppedt possibly of thosewho would like to have the papercontinued, but whose subscriptionhas expired.In this work we find that mamyhave moved from one place to another without taking the trouble to giveus their new address, and the subscriber is giving someone else tnebenefit of it. The postoffice authori-?ties and the rural mail carriers havebeen very kind in acquainting twwith many changes of address, but1it is up to those who desire to haretheir paper delivered to them tosend us their correct addressv -Thieris true of many who are engaged ithe cultivation of tobacco, and w?ohave moved from one farm to another. In "order that we may haveour records complete we would appreciate having the correct addressof those subscribers. If the paper isworth anything to you, it is worththe trouble of keeping us acquaintwith your correct address.BLAKEMORENettltten She .Dr. Rteol's CuchienSeJSheet -mJsiHAthe 30-yara line. Ktk-- V ",ih,jx.vH ' ' Sf-Ci "-i--undo."7ys.4s-j. v',Pi"tt-TUESDAY, NOVEMBER' 18, 1919.r- THE 1BOUBBON NEWS, PAHIS, KENTUCKYHGETWOt1III1f HE BOURBON NEWS.tablislied 188137 Years of ,Con-tinuous Publication miblished Every Tuesday and Friday-r Year.. $2.00 6 Months. .51.00Payable In Adavance.i!WTFT CHAMP. Editor and Owner.aterffl at the Paris, Kentucky,Poftofflce at Mall Matter of theSecond Glase.)Any erroneous reflection upon theU4raoter, standing or reputation ofjwat person, firm or corporation which.tsy appear in the columns of THIIBOURBON 'NEWS will be gladly corrftoted it brought to attention of theiltor.OUE P0BEI6N REPRESENTATIVES. New York American Press Assoiiation. hica0 Lord & Thomas.Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atlanta Massengale Adv. Agency.Cincinnati Blaine-Thompson Co.Louisville Stark-Lowman Co.ADVERTISING RATES.Display Advertisements, $1.00 per"lack for first time; 50 cents per inchstach. subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per line-vack issue; reading notices In blacktype. 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls, on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andvtalUr matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertiseagents and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reseivedto decline any advertisement or otherstutter for publication.Announcements for political officesuat invariably be accompanied" byhe cash-city than in "towns like ours-andsometimes tliey 'don't.The foreman will not call you Jimyou will have a number. And yourreal boss will not know you.If you make good, you can climb,but will you have a chance to ownthe business?The city landladies are not soanxious to have your room tidy as-mother always was. And you knowmother is a real cook, too. Andwhen you go to the cafeteria, feeling hungry and you'll get hungryand order a dinner and eat it allxand still feel hungry, you are goingto think of the old dinner table inthe old home town, where the dishesalways seemed full and somebodyalways ready to pass them whenyour plate was empty.And on Sundays, of course, youcan go to the picture shows and tothe parks and every turn you makewill cost you six cents or more andyou will think of the bunch of fellows back here that can spend a jollyafternoon without spending a week'ssalary.Opportunities are there and obstacles. "We hope you can overcomethem.Have you thought how the oldfolks are going to miss you? Howthpv win Jip. awake at. nisrht andwonder how it is going with you?And they will wonder about youand pray for you.They need you more than ever,now." They're not as strong as theyused to be while you are stronger.You'll realize all this when you getdown there and you'll realize, too,that there's no place'' like home.If you make good we will be proudof yourand if you don't, we'll welcpme you back to Paris, the best little old town in the world.EDITORIAL MUSINGS.ijrTou'll Miss TJs."Goodby, Jim, take keer o' yerseK " Riley.fco you're going to leave the old i'Uywn. are you?Well, we're sorry to lose you, andwll miss you when you are gone,InfS perhaps you know best per'Siapsl We don't want to discourage;you not for the world but, son,lyou'll find it's not all rosy.Sometimes our young men findimoxE "and better opportunities in theHow About Mother's Wages?,"The most poorly paid worker inthe world," said a farmer the otherjday, "is the average farmer's wife.She puts in more hours and getsj less for it than anybodyv else, man,woman or child." Come to think ofit, there is something to this. Fornot only musfthe farm housekeeperput in long hours and get small pay,but she must know a lot of thingshave a highly technical training, infact.Are mother's wages fair wages?Tell us what you think about it.The Poor PreacherThe preacher has a hard time.If his hair is gray, he is old. Ifhe is a young man, he hasn't hadexperience. If he has ten childrenhe has too many. If he has-none,he should have, and isn't setting agood example. If his wife sings in WHEN WOMEN DEFEATED THEthe choir, she is presuming. If shedoesn't, she isn't interested in herhusband's work. If he .reads fromnotes, he is a bore. If he speaksextemporaneously, he isn't deepenough. If he calls on some verypoor family, he is playing to thegrand .stand. If he calls at thehome of the rich, he is an aristocrat. Whatever he does, someone couldhave told "him how to do it" better.He has a fine time living off donations which never come in, andpromises that never mature.Too Busy?rwhen we hear somebody complain"I haven't time to do this or that,"we think of the days long gone by,when we did not have the conveniences that we now "have.What would the busy-body do ifhe had to make his own candles forlight, chop his wood for the fire,shoot his powder-and-ball rifle forfood?To travel, he would go by streamor mud road. He'd have no telephone. His doctor lived forty milesaway, his school was half as "far.sundial was his time-piece, the birdshis weather forecasters. The streamwas his bathtub, the brook his mir-ror. And the newspaper neverwould reach him.Imagine him doing all thesethings this fellow who has no time!Poor pashi-bazouk!JAMES WATSON SAYS, "I'LL NEVER EORGET WHEN FATHER'S HOGS GOTCHOLERAPRESIDENTOrdinarily the social battles of theAdministration Women those dictators of social lifeSin Washingtonare looked upon as beneath the consideration of dignified politics, butthere is at least one case in whichthe women defeated the President ofthe United States in a pitched battle,and seriously injured his national influence. Andrew Jackson was theold Indian fighter who went downto defeat before the Cabinet ladieslift off corns'with fingersiiHelp WantedGood woman wanted as a companion and help for elderly woman! and make nome with her. Apply toMRS. J. M. MARTIN,.(14-tf) Cumberland Phone 230.ItJPew Drops of "Freezone," ThenCorns Lift Off No Pain !A tiny bottle of "Freezone" costsso little at any drug store; apply afew drips upon any corn or callus.Instantly it stops hurting, thenbecause he dared espouse the cause ? shortly you lift that bothersomeof the beautiful Peggy O'Neil, one.time waitress, who had married amember of Jackson's cabinet. The memory of the tragic death ofhis own wife a death brought ,onby the shameful attacks of the opposition press no doubt influencedOld Hickory in his stand, but despite his ultimatum to the membersof his cabinet that their politicalfortunes depended upon their wives'recognition of his protege, the women were obdurate in ther refusalto accept the daughter of a tavernkeeper as their social equal andwere in the end victorious."One morning he found 20 hogsdead and several sick. He called inthe Vet, who after dissecting a ratcaught on the premises, decided thatthe rodents had conveyed germs.Since then I am never without RATSNAP. It's the surest, quickest ratdestroyer I know." Three sizes, 25c,50c, $1.50. Sold and guaranteed byThe Farmers' Supply Co., Paris, Ky.(adv-nov)iiSong Thrown In.Eggs that are cheap sometimes dowhen you put them to your ear. Bo9tea Transcript.THIS MEANS YOU.When you get up with a bad tastein your mouth, a dull, tired feeling,no relish for food and are constipated, you may know that you need adose of Chamberlain's Tablets. Theynot only cause an agreeable movement of the bowels, but cleanse andinvigorate the stomach and improvethe digestion.(adv-nov)NASTY COLDS AREcorn or callus right off with yourfingers. Truly! No humbug!(adv)For SaleOne double-burner Wilson GasHeater, good as new. Can be seenany time atMRS. C. L. BELL'S,(tf) 1219 Main Street.Farm Wanted.FARM WANTED Send description. C. C. SHEPHERD,(14-4t-pd) Minneapolis, Minn.IDAT QNGE"Pape's Cold Compound" ThenBreaks Up a Cold In aFew HoursDon't stay stuff ed-up! Quit blowing and snuffling! A dose of "Pape'sCold Compound" taken every twohours until three doses are takenusually breaks up a severe cold andends all grippe misery.The very first dose opens yourclogged-up nostrils and the air passages of the head; stops nose running; relieves the headache, dullness, feverishness, sneezing, sorenessand stiffness."Pape's Cold Compound" is thequickest, surest relief known andcosts only a few cents at drug stores.It acts without assistance, tastesnice, contains no quinine. Insistupon Pape's!(adv)"You must have said somethingdreadful to Mr. Bestseller.""I merely suggested that he hirethe fellow who got up his advertisements to write his books for him."Truck and Cars ForHireServiceable truck and cars for hireat reasonable rates. Taxicab serviceday and night.S. R. HUDNALL,Both Phones. At Ruggles Garage.OPENINGNOTICEAm now open and ready forbusiness. Better prepared andequipped than'ever before to giveyou strictly first-class service.We do all kinds of optical repairing. Can duplicate any lens,no matter where or by whomfitted. Our services are thebest, prices moderate and location convenient. Won tgive us a call?Fine Cattle For SaleI have 48 head of fancy feedingsteers for sale. Will weigh around1,000 pounds; also 18 head yearlingsteers.T. J. LEWIS,Prankort, Ky., Route 1,(28-tg) Home Phone 425.For SaleStore room at Paris; in best business location; used for the past 18years as shoe and general merchandise business. Also 5 rooms on second floor. Inquire ofH. SCHANKER,(ll-3t) JJrlanger, Ky.Administrator's Notice,All peVsons having claims againstthe estate of Robert B. Lyne, deceased, are requested to presentthem, properly proven as required bylaw, to the undersigned Administrator, at the Farmers' & Traders'Bank, in Paris, Ky., for payment.All persons knowing themselvesindebted to the estate of the saidRobert B. Lyne are requested to callon the undersigned Administratorand make prompt and full settlement of such: indebtedness.WALLACE W MITCHELL,Administrator of Robert B. Lyne.(31-3 wks)For Sale Privately"Six-room cottage located at 268.t. Airy Avenue, is for sale privately. This is one of the most desirable pieces of residence propertyIn the city, being located in the bestneighborhood in Paris. House contains 6 rooms, bath, porches, waterworks, electric lights and all modernconveniences.Lot is 76 2-3x200 feet. A nicebuilding lot could be taken off side.you Any one desiring a nice home woulddo well to look this property over.For further particulars inquire onthe premises.HO U7M D DDAWFIM MRS. LIDA B. CONWAY,4A Tf lYla M JL IVAllIVultiVarden's Drug Stort.Paris, Kentucky.Home Phone 337.(21-tf)EDW. BURKE, PresidentH. S. CAYW00D, Vice PresidentJN0. T. COLLINS, ManagerBOURBONTOBACCOWAREHOUSECOMPANYHaving Received Positive Assurance From the Heads of the Big CompaniesThat Their Buyers will be on Hand, Announce Their Opening Sale forWEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 39SL-.TOBACCO RECEIVED ANY TIME AFTER NOVEMBER 15come: to the: opening and see .OUR NEW HOUSEvIT'S A PEACHVConsider These Facts:w-?je3Kc l J,e Pans market soId 1200000 Pounds of tobacco the past seasonfor the highest average obtained on any market in Kentucky. '2. The Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Company sold in their two housesmore than 8,000,000 pounds of tobacco for the highest average on Paris market. 3. We now have three of the best and finest lighted houses in Kentucky.4. Our Auctioneer, Mr. Wikoff, will be back. He is in a class by himself,as those who have heard him know.5. We have the best starter in Kentucky.6. This company has held down the selling fees on Paris market for thepast seven years in spite of the fact that every other thing beneath the sun hasadvanced in price and in spite of the fact that we were strongly urged to raisethem.7. This means a saving of 30 cents ner hundred this vtar anil mount a caving of $36,000 to the tobacco growers who sold over the Paris market lastH A. .y cm.H JAS.iWk A. L.ta "-4 season.8. We do not try to pinhook our customers, but do our best to give ail thesame treatment and the best information at our command at all times. Last season we advised everybody to hold tobacco until January 1st. We now want toinform you that tobacco is very, very high in North Carolinaand judging ourmarket by that, as we have been able to do in the past, good bright tobacco willbe very high in Kentucky. . The apparent large per cent, of low grade tobacco inthis crop has a tendency to make us apprehensive of lower prices for commontobacco, though we are glad to note a very considerable advance in low gradesupon hogshead market in the past ten days. v9. It will pay you to put your tobacco over the floor. The speculatorwho offers to buy expects to make money and is probably better posted thanyou.- 10. Take pains in stripping and sorting and let us sell your crop for theHigh Dollar. ' ' - Z.HANCOCK. !CLAY, JR..CALDWELL,STEPHENSON,DIRECT o;R S:H. S. CAYWOOD,ED. BURKE,7 SAM CLAY,W. ,M. ROGERS,..vC. D. WILSON,S. R. BURRIS,TOM BROCK,J NO. T. COLLINS.I .TUESDAY,NOVEMBER191.the BwiBOH syre; gins, limw&iMflffi; r .SOCIAL' ANfcPMS$tfAL.18,; "" . ,AsE gB x 13223 Gt 5aW , fl fla?i& Wkti'XzMade Me a Well Man'paE8E22SOSamI Stir. Louis 1 quits-, 1652t Clifford St., Rochester, N.If - Hillvij"I suffered for thfw-r -,.I with c'ai cj.Sc bowel trouble, fttoni-:tch trouble and Iiemorr&ugeM fWe bcurhta bottle of Perunaand I took it faithfullv, and IbeRun to reel tetter.My wife persuaded me to continue, and I took it for sometime as directed. Now I am awell man." mSuffered thirtyyar withstomachtrouble andhemorrhages of the bowels.K9F" - PMK2& y'' X1I?1BaPv .&? v xKj3jjtBLiquid r Tablet Form ""JComings and Goings of OurPeopie Here, There andElsewhere.SENATE PUTS LEAGUE RESERVATION BIG-HT ACROSSWASHINGTON, Nov. 17. Squares joining the issue with PresidentWilson, the Senate, adopteda reservation qualifying the obligations of the -United States under Article X, of the League of Nationscovenant.A solid Republican lineup, reinforced by four Democratic votes, putthe reservation across exactly as ithad come from the Foreign RelationsCommittee and in virtually thelanguage which the President declared on his western tour, wouldcut the heart out of the covenantand mean tfie rejection of the treaty.The vote by which the reservation be obliged to regard as a rejectionwon was 4 b to 33.The Article X reservation asadopted by the Senate follows:"The United States assumes no obligation to preserve the territorialintegrity or political independenceof any other country or to interferewith controversiesN between nationswhether members of the League ornot under the provisions of ArticleX, or to employ the military or navalforces of the United States under anyarticle of the treaty for any purpose,unless in any particular case theCongress, which under the constitution has the sole power to declarewar or authorize the employment ofthe military or naval forces of theUnited States, shall by act or jointresolution so provide."In only two particulars does thislanguage differ from the proposedreservation which the President declared at Cheyenne, Wyo., he wouldSPECIALSHOWINGOFSuitsCoatsDressesShoesSkirtsT WaistsETC., ETC.TWIN BROS.Department Store7th and Main Paris KyAs read by Mr. Wilson the phrase"under the provisions of Article X"occurred at a different place, and thefinal word "provide" -was changed to"declare."The Administrations forces foughtstubbornly through the day and intothe evening to secure some modification of the committee measure, butto all of -their proposals the unitedRepublican organization remainedadament. Finally forced to yield,Democratic Leader Hitchcock putinto the Senate hopper a set of fivereservations on which he will ask fora vote later as a substitute program.T-he reservations cover withdrawal,the Monroe Doctrine, Article X, domestic questions and voting equalityin the League.oSYRUP OF FIGS"ISLAXATIVEFOR CHILDLook At Tongue! Remove PoisonsErxmStomacli,NIiver andBowels, A. B. Hancock has returnedfrom a business trip to Louisiana.Mrs. Syrney Bryan has returnedfrom a visit to Mrs. Albert Kirtley,in Frankfort.Mr. and Mrs. R., P. Dow willleave to-day for Punta Gorda, Florida, to spend the winter months.Herman Tully has returned tohis home in this city, after a visit torelatives in Jacksonville, Florida.Harry O'Brien left Saturdayfor a stay at Ocean Springs, Miss.,after a visit to his brother, James M.O'Brien, and sister. Miss JuliaO Bnen, in this city.J. W. Mallory has returned froma visit to Mr. .and Mrs. J. H. Flora,at Cowan. Mr. Flora, who has beenseriously -ill, is reported as beingconsiderably improved.Among the guests at the reception given in Lexington, in compliment to Miss Dazy Moore Porter,bride-to-be, by Mrs. Virgil McClure,was Mrs. Amos Turney, Jr., of Paris.Mrs. Stella Redmon Whaley, ofChattanooga, who was called here bythe death of her sister, Mrs. HarryO. James, remained over for a visitto her brother, Castle Redmon, andother relatives in the county.Col. Brent Arnold, GeneralFreight Agent and Superintendentof Terminals of the Louisville &Nashville, at Cincinnati, was a guestof L. & N. officials and other friendsin this city Friday. Col. Arnoldclaims he is only as old as he looks,and that he is growing youngerevery day in spirit.The Rural Bridge Club spent anenjoyable evening at the home oftheir hostess, Mrs. Clay Shropshire,when,-after the games, substantiallunch was served. Besides the clubmembers the following invited guestswere present: Mesdames Will G.McClintock, Chas. May, I. C. Haleyand J. O. Marshall, Paris; Mrs. Coleman, Mrs. Gentry, Mrs. Albert Stone,Mrs. James Whitsett, Misses Snelland Stevenson, Lexington, and EdithChamp, Georgetown. Mrs. W. G.McClintock won the first guest prize,a filled fernery, Mrs. I. C. Haley wasawarded the second guest prize, anivory card box, the first club prize,a pair of mahogany candlesticks,went to Mrs. Harvey Shropshire, andthe second prize, a cut glass vase,was won by Mrs. D. C. Lisle. Thehostess was assisted by Mrs. GravesSparks and Mrs. Anna Wallace.(Other Personals on Page 5)HILL'SFIVE MILLIONUSED IT LAST&1IX$CASCARQUININEW XW BftwJB BJk1! trVln UPEOFLE-YEARajtoMiiftStandard cold remedy for 20 yearain xaDiet xorm sate. aure. noopiates breaks up a cold in 24Hours relieve gnp in 3 days.Money back if it fails. Tbegenuine box has a RedCop with Mr. Hill'spicture.At Alt Drag StmtPROCEEDINGS OF THECITY COUNCIAL.PARISTAXI - CABSERVICEAUTO LIVERY CO.E. McCracken, Prop.Redmon Motor Car CompanyNight Call 760BRIGHTERT-EVENINGSmk.Nothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.useGlee trie ittTor EigDIingIt's the only satisfactory way.use SasTor fitting and CookingIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix You UpFor the Use of Both"Electricity and Gas.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(IncorDiedAccept "California" Syrup of Figsonly look for the name Californiaon the package, then you are sureyour child is having the best andmost harmless laxative or physic forthe little stomach, liver and bowels.Children love its delicious fruittaste. Full directions for child'sdose on each bottle. Give it without fear.Mother! You must say "California." (adv)oShowt Smallness of Soul.The man who cannot forgive awrong, like a dog oppressed of a brutal master, cannot claim superiorityof soul.There is more Catarrh in this section of the country than all otherdiseases put together, and for yearsit was supposed to be incurable.Catarrh is a local disease, greatlyinfluenced by constitutional treatment. Hall's Catarrh Medicine,manufactured by F. J. Cheney &Co., Toledo, Ohio, is a constitutionalremedy, isj:aken internally and actsthrough the blood on - the mucoussurfaces of the system. One Hundred DollaVs reward is offered forany case that Hall's Catarrh Medicine fails to cure. Send for circulars and testimonials.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by Druggists, 75c.Hall Family Pills for constipation.'(adv-nov)REAL BARGAIN MONTHSThese are the real bargain timesfor the purchase of War SavingsStamps and Treasury Savings Certificates. Stamps and Certificatesbought in November and December mature Januaiy 1, 1924.. A$100 Certificate bought in Novembercosts $84.40 and in December ?84,60. Four years and a trifle laterthey will have grown into $100 bills.HllUNGfEWHEREITSHOWSCONSTIPATION.Most laxatives and cathartics afford only temporary relief andshould be used only for that purpose.When ,you want permanent relieftakeC'hamberlain's Tablets and becareful to observe the directionswith each package. These tabletsnot only move the bowels ,but improve the appetite and strengthenthe digestion.(adv-nov)Don't Worry! Let "Danderine"Save Your Hair and DoubleIts Beauty.At the regular meeting of theParis City Council, formal action was taken on the reportof the Special Committee having incharge the investigation, of the conditions and 'management of MassieMemorial Hospital, which has beenin progress for several months. Thereport of the Special Committee follows: To the Hon. Mayor and Board ofCouncil of the City of Paris, Kentucky: Your committee, to whom was referred the report of the Special Committee appointed to investigate theconditions of the Massie - MemorialHospital and the evidence submittedtherewith, do hereby recommendthat this whole matter, includingthe evidence taken 'by said SpecialCommittee, be referred to the Boardjof Commissioners of the Massie Memorial Hospital with the " followingrequests, to-wit:The evidence herewith submittedto your Board indicates that there ismore or less dissatisfaction over themanagement of your institution.We respectfully request you toexamine this record and take suchsteps,, as, in your judgment, may beproper to relieve and remove suchobjectioriable conditions as may exist. We further request that you makea special effort to establish andmaintain an efficient training schoolfor nurses .employed by you, andespecially to improve the treatmer.of special nurses.Respectfully submitted,J. J. VEATCIf,Chairman of the Board.Following the receiving and filingof the report the Council passed aaordinance authorizing and empowering, the Board of Commissioners ofMassie Memorial Hospital to adoptreasonable rules and regulations forthe conduct and management of saidinstitution and. to provide for thereasonable enforcement thereof.On the passage of the ordinancethe Council divided three and threeMayor January casting the decidingvote in favor of the ordinance.Councilman Catesby Spears was absent. .Mayor E. B. January presided,and Councilmen Arkle, Christman,Doyle, Merringer, Kiser and Veatchwere present.Mr. Peale Collier, Secretary of theBoard of Education, presented a report from the Board, stating thatthe recent issue of $46,000 passedbefore the outbreak of the war forthe purpose of building two wings tothe city school building on SeventhStreet and an addition to the Colored school building, had been exhausted as'result of the high cost ofmaterials and labor, and that an additional amount aggregating $38,000would be needed to complete thestructures.The Board asked the Council toauthorize another bond issue forthat amount, and to order an election at the earliest possible moment.The matter was referred to the Finance Committee of the Council, whowill report at a special meeting.During the discussion of the issueMayor January informed the Councilthat the city was in serious need of afire truck with bumper attached.The present apparatus is practicallyworthless, and he said the city wouldbe in a dangerous condition if a bigfire should develop.City Engineer J. A. Stewart filedhis report approving the constructionof the southeast sewer recently .constructed by D. A. Sant, at a cost of$20,000, as having been completedand approved. The matter was re-Lferred to the improvement committee.JOHN WHITE k GO.LOUISVILLE, KY.literal ortimntm full value paidMRSnfti MIS(nov4-13w)V ViTrees! Trees!PLAINT NOW,Fruit and Shade TreesBlooming ShrubsGrape VinesEvergreensPerennials vRhubarbHedgeEtc.Free Illustrated Catlog.No Agents. xH. F.Hillenmeyer &SonsLexington, Ky. t(till-ded) 'Jjij ft dfmfalm aaaaaaaaaMw.Blouse Week!A Nation - Wide Event to beCelebrated by TJnusalValue GivingThe purpose of this event is to promote the sale of.blouses by offering splendid values of this season's newestand best styled garments for fall and winter wear.Close co-operation with manufacturers enabled us toprocure a goodly share of their best values from whichwe have chosen the following items as worthy representatives. Buy liberally.November 10th to15th Inclusive100 Splendid Georgette and Creper de ChineBlouses Reduced to $5.00 EachColors are-white, flesh, navy, bisque, taupe andblack. High or low neck designs, plain tailored or lacetrimmed. '65 Very Handsome Georgette Crepe Blouses Reduced to $7.50 EachThese blouses are made of heavy quality Georgette,in all shades, including white, flesh, navy, brown, taupeand bisque, also a few fine white net blouses are included .g 75 White Voile and Batiste, Waists Reduced to1 $1.98 -Plain tailored, lace trimmed and colored trimmed de-I signs in a great variety of beautiful and serviceable mod-els for present a well as spring wear.We direct particular attention to a special offering ofm Tailored Suits and Tailored Cloth Dresses at the reducedK prices oi97vj emu zrzjWolf, Wile . & Co.Lexington, Ky.ytriwiwtmwiWjSave Time and MooeiBy Using aHome Telephonet-.2taResidence rate ranging from 1.25.2.00 per month for Bourbon Counfcyrservice.Place your order now and avoid trie;fall rueli on installs. 1 , , &vParis Home Telephone TelecjrahCompany"" (rncorp"oriftfel -r-- -v '1. J. Veatch, District Hanageu' W. H. nannon zuTKiOjJ: 'WFEssssasmn!v-.-Iii INDIGESTIONI . CAN'T STAYTo stop falling hair at once andrid the scalp of every particle ofdandruff, get a small bottle of delightful "Danderine" at any drug ortoilet counter for a few cents, noura little in your hand and rub it intothe scalp. After several applicationsthe hair usually stops coming outand you can't find any dandruff.Your hair will grow strong, thickand long and appear soft, glossy andtwice as beautiful and abundantTry it!-1 Stomach Pain, Sourness, Gases,i and Acidity ended with I! "Pape's Diapepsin" 1i ii 'a....."'..''.'""t"""t"1","""v Out-of-order stomachs feeKfine atonce! When meals don't'fit and youbelch gas, acids andv undigestedfood. When you feel indigestionpain, lumps of distress in stomach,heartburn or headache. Here is instant relief.Just as soon as you eat a tablet ortwo of Pape's Diapepsin all the dyspepsia, indigestion and stomach distress caused by acidity will end.These pleasant, harmless tablets ofPape's Diapepsin always put sick,upset, acid stomachs in order atonce and they cost so little at drugstores.' ' (adv)(adv),Dally Thought.He hath no "power that hath notpower to use. Bailey.tkii'gii.mjinDon't Worry About theLaundryLet Us Demonstrate theEden ElectricWashing MachineIn Your Own HomeT. W. SPICER314 Main St. Paris, KentuckyEast Tennessee Phone 103 j Home Phonrlfilothe?-gaE3g5g!;a-gi-rfaraii?- ' 'tJtAnother Peculiar Ad For Sale:Baby carriage, slightly used .GoingoufK of business.Y.' h- : v-"GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor Equipment 'BOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 2WiCorner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Park, Ky.K-rai- ff-"-Vl.Ty-v-&'-V v"'A' Vt..-r'---JmmiiTUESDAY, NOVEMBER 18, lllf.MTHE B0TJ1B0VII1("1ftDEATHS.LYTLE.Thomas T. Lytle, aged fiftyXour, died at the home of his relative, Mrs. A. L. Ginn, near Hutchijn, in this county, Sunday, after along illness due to empyrena. Mr.iytle was unmarried, and had no immediate kin closer than Mrs. Ginn,Tvjth whom he had been making hislome for several years. Mr. LytleTras a native of Bracken county,PUBLIC SALEOPHousehold and Kitchen Furnitureand was a son of the late Mr. andMrs. Thomas Lytle, of that county.The body will be taken to Falmouth, the funeral cortege leavingHutchison at 7:30 this morning.The funeral will be held inthe Johnsville burying ground,in Bracken county, with servicesconducted at the grave.LAINHERT.Mrs. Alma Lainhert, aged twenty-live,wife of Morris Lainhert,died Friday night, at her home nearHutchison, this county, after a prolonged illness of pulmonary tuberculosis. She was a daughter of Sanford and Lucy Harrison, of Jacksoncounty. She is survived by hermother and her husband. The bodywas taken to Jackson county Saturday for interment.Having sold my home, I will sellat public auction, onWednesday, Nov. 26, 1919,at 1:30 o'clock, p. m., at my lateresidence, corner of Duncan avenueand Vine St., all my household and"kitchen furniture. Some rare bargains. MRS. R. J. NEELY,M. F. Kenney Auctioneer.(18-3t)CURRAN.Mrs. Carrie Curran, aged sixtyone, died at her home in this county,Saturday, following an illness ofsevral months due to a complicationof diseases. She is survived by oneson, who is in the army service;three sisters, Mrs. Eliza Garrison,Mrs. Katie Burnett and Mrs. BirdieJohnson; three brothers, William,George and Dudley Rose, all of thiscounty. The body was taken toCynthiana, Sunday, for interment.ROAD WORK COMPLETEDRELIGIOUS.The work of resurfacing the Parisand Eethlehom turnpike has beencompleted b contractor John Cain.The machineiy has been moved tothe Piper pike, where one mile ofroad will undergo resurfacing.Dennis V. Snapp, of Paris, president of the Kentucky Conference Epworth League program in Shelbyville, Sunday. While in Shelbyville,Mr. Snapp was a guest of friendswith whom he stayed while attending the Kentucky Conference of theMethodist church.Prof. T- A. Hentiricks, of Winchester, formerly Superintendent ofthe Paris Public Schools, will leadthe prayermeetmg services at the,,Paris Christian church to-morrow(Wednesday) night, at seven o'clock.A cordial invitation is extended toall to attend this service.The week of November 16 to 23will be observed by churches of theUnited States as "Home MissionWeek" at the instance of the HomeMission Council and the Council ofWomen for Home-Missions, whichcomprise practically all the homemission organizations of theAmerican Protestant churches.Thursday of the week is to be observed as a special day of prayer forHome Mission work.Rev. Arthur Fox, of Hope, Arkansas, who had accepted a call tothe pastorate of the Paris Baptistchurch, writes that he will come toParis on next Thuisday, to take uphis work with the congregation.iMrs. Fox has been seriously ill forsome time, causing Rev. Fox to delay his departure until her lecoverywas assured.LOSTSmall Bourbon Farmf 54 acrts more or less of fine tobacco land, 2 1-2 miles fromParis, on the Clintonville Pike (belonging to George K. Jones)AT PUBLIC AUCTIONON THE PREMISESFriday, November 28th, 1919AT 10:30 O'CLOCK A. M.TRACT NO. 1 Contains about 30 acres, well watered and fenced,18 acres, plowed out of old sod spring of 1919, and remainder of oldsod for more than 12 years. Every acre will grow tobacco. Highfertility and strong producing land. Six-room frame house with hall andback porch and cistern at door. Other necessary outbuildings. Just afine little farm that will prove a money maker.TRACT NO. 2 25 acres, more or less unimproved. Deep rich soiland all in blue grass sod. Beautiful building site. Well fenced and watered. Ideal location. When you buy this farm you will get the creamof Bourbon land for rapid money making. Will, be sold separately asabove stated, and then as a whole and the best bid accepted. Termswill be liberal and made known on day of sale.HAEEIS & SPEAXES,Heal Estate Dealers, Paris, Ky.L. D. HARRIS, Business Manager. COL. GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer.(18-25)-On Main street, between Fourthand Eighth streets, a ladies' blackhand-bag. Same contained between$6 and $7 in cash. Finder returnto BOURBON NEWS or undersignedand receive leward.(It) MRS. ROBERT CAIN.Lost RewardOn Hallowe'en night someone tooka large porch chair from my residence. Would greatly appreciate itsreturn. Reward paid and no questions asked.WM. DALE,At Harris & Dale Restaurant.(18-3t)Attention !If you are contemplating buyingPiano or Player Piano and wish tosave from $100 to $150 on investment give me a call; also make aspecialty of tuning and adjusting.J. H. TEMPLEMAN PIANO CO.John B. Geis, Rep.818 Main Street.Cumberland Phone 578.(18-2t)TheYoung'sMen'sStore-r-MWttloil ?L " ' "' "Copyright, 1919, A. B. Kirschhaum CompanyTheYoungMen'sStore1 1 1 1 1Our Clothes Give More WearMore Style-and are Lower in CostSUITSHere are the live, new double-breasteds,some with bslts, some without. Young menwill like the high chested, full, skirted effect;coats a little longer; all colors. Exceptionalgood values. For the men we have moreconservative models "of the finest all woolquality. You'll get results you pay a goodtailor double for. Come here for Suit Satisfaction. $18.00 to $45.00OVERCOATSThere's a wonderful assortment here tochoose from distinctive styles in coats thatare made so well they are economy. Ulsters,Great Coats, Chesterfields, Form-FittingCoats some styled with belts around, insingle and double breasteds. These aremade in long wearing, durable fabrics, andyou can count on their being good values.$18.00 to $65.00Do Your Christmas Shopping EarlyR. P. WALSH7th and MainOne-Price StoreParis, Ky.J. D. Booth Farm245 Acres of Bourbon County's Best LandFive Miles From Paris, on Jackstown Pike,AT AUCTIONFriday, Nov. 21stAt 10 A. M., on the Premises.This well known fine farm will be sold as a whole. It is well watered, well fenced,and is highly improved by this magnificent country home, having furnace, light plant,hot and cold water and bath; 3-machine garage, 3-room servant house, all necessary outbuildings, splendid orchard; three 5-room tenant houses; one warehouse, 60x60; one tobaccobarn, 50x90: one tobacco barn, 40x72, with silo and cattle shed attached; one stock barn,50x60. All improvements are in good condition.This farm was all in old blue grass sod. till Uncle Sam called for greater food production. Mr. Booth answered his country's call by breaking 145 acres of this fine land forcultivation; the balance of 100 acres is still in old blue grass sod, timothy and clover. Thefertility of this soil is unsurpassed and beggars description.Mr. J. D. Booth, who lives on the property, will take pleasure in showing it to you.Mr. Booth, who is Retiring from Business, will also Sell .onthe Same Day and Place His Live Stock andImplements, as Follows:Two pairs of horse mules, one pair of 5-year-old mules, one pair of 3-year-old mules,two Jersey milch cows, one brood mare in foal to jack, a good worker and driver; 50 stockewes, one 2-year-old jack, extra large; four jennets, two with colts at their sides; twowagons and frames, two mowers, one hay rake, two breaking plows, two cultivators, a lotof farming implements of all kinds. rTerms liberal and made known on day of sale.C. E. BUCKLEY, Sales AgentBOLIVAR BOND, Auctioneer WALTER CLARK, Advertising AgentPUBLIC SALESTOCK,OFCROP AND FARMINGIMPLEMENTSAlso Bank Stock and Other SharesThe undersigned, as administrator of theestate of the late Robert Lyne, will sell atpublic auction, onTHURSDAY, DEC. 4, 1919beginning at 1 0:30 a. m. Sale will take placeat the home of Mr. Hume Payne, on theTownsend Valley pike. Said sale is to settlethe partnership business of Payne & Lyne.PROPERTY TO BE DISPOSED OFIS AS FOLLOWS:1 0 head of mules;!9 head of horses;Good lot of cows;A lot of calves;A 2-year-old bull;? "1 68 ewes; 9 bucks;A nice lot of lambs;SO head of hogs;Farm implements, all kinds;Corn in the shock.BANK STOCK, ETC.1 I1 tmtl rSt NaHona Ba" of Cynthiana, Ky.5 Shares Farmers and Traders Bank of Paris Kv60 Shares Henry Clay Fire Insurance Company V2 Shares Cynthiana Tobacco Warehouse Company.TERMS OF SALE-Liberal and made known on day of sale.W. W. MITCHELLGEO, D. SPEAKES, Auctioned r.miniStratr f Robert L''t- r; -!? Mjn . v"ci", c , 5$'.. " . i' 'j' J . r . 4 '-!iv VrTUESDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1919.it-- k KTHE B0UBBO1T 3TEWS,' " PASS, sJUlflTUCSl" -!,jj .tlMs$t)fOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSETURKEYS! TURKEYS!We are through receiving turkeys for the Thanksgiving market, but our pens will be openedagain on December 1st to receive turkeys for the Christmasmarket, at which time we willnav highest market price.H CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(18-tf)'oEVAPORATED ERTJITSyexr stockjust openede(f peaches,fine prunesof evaporated fruitsup, including peelapples, apricots andAlso nice Baltimoreovsters received daily.Hi) C. P. COOK & CO.oBW PIANO STORE.j H. Brown, for several years incharge of the E. C. Christian MusicStoie in Paris, has opened up apiano store in Mt. Sterling, in connection with his agency for theSinger Sewing Machine.oNEW NAMES ON CONFEDERATEPENSION LISTlAarge number of new namesirere added to the Confederate pension list at Frankfort, Friday. Oneof the number was Maggie F. Taloott, of Paris. The list is growingrapidly, twenty being added Friday.. oBUY AT HOME PARTONIZE APROSPEROUS AND GROWINGHOME INSTITUTIONSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Coinings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Insist that your grocer furnish you"home-baked" bread and cakes. If hehasn't our goods, we will make deliveries through him. Try "AmericanBeauty," "Mother's" and Salt Risingbread. A full line of cakes and pies.Our bakery is neat and clean and everything is handled in a sanitaryway. Our telephone is 376.PARIS BAKING CO.,(Successors to Wilmoth & Co.)(18-2t)r . j (J .SORGHUM 'LASSES RETAILERSDO THRIVING BUSINESSPure old country sorghum at $1.50a gallon, and "we furnish the buckets," found ready sale on the courthouse square, Saturday. The delectable nector was made in the Harrison county wilds by experts whovisit Paris every fall, and find notrouble in disposing of their goods.The sorghum was drawn from original packages," carried on old-fashionedwagons, drawn by horses.The men dispensing the goods stated that Paris was one of the bestsorghum markets in the Bluegrassregion.oSPECIALS AT MBS. ELIIS' CASHGROCERY.For this week we have fresh driedfruit of all kinds, (but no sugar),plenty of white syrup for sweetening. Fresh oysters, celery, cranberries and all kinds of fresh green vegetables. No profiteering at our store.Bring the cash and be surprised atthe bargains we can give you.MRS. ELLIS' CASH GROCERY,(18-2t) Opp. Court House.oH. C. OF L.There is a way to cut the highcost of living. We have left fromlest season lot of boys' and childrenssuits, (we can't sell them all oneseason), that are strictly all wooland will make excellent school suitsfor your boys. They are good style,mostly belted suits and are made bythe famous maker, Sampeck. Theyare selling at last season prices$7.50, ?8.50 and $10.00, and areeasily worth double the price. Wesuggest to mothers that they buytwo or three suits.J. W. DAVIS & CO.BOURBON MEN SUE -MADISONCOUNTY STOCKMEN.Elmer B. Myers and Joe B. Smith,of Paris, doing business under thefirm name of Myers & Smith, filedsuit in the Madison County Courtagainst D. S. Reams, for $140. Theyallege in their petition that the defendant sold them a mule warrantedto be sound, and which proved to be"moon-eyed," and that when themule was sold by the defendants itbrought $100 less than it wouldhave brought had it been sound, asit was guaranteed to be. The plaintiffs claim $40 additional for cost inkeeping the mule. A. R. Burnam,Jr., of Richmond, represents theplaintiffs.. oHUNTING SEASON OPENED SATURDAY WITH RUSH.With quail, rabbits and otherSame more plentiful than at anytime since the cold winter of 19 iv,when birds were killed by the extreme weather, the hunting seasonopened in Bourbon county Saturdaywith a large number oE nimroas inthe fields, and more on the way.The rush for guns, licenses, dogs andammunition kept the-hunters busythe day before. Those who havebeen in the fields after game reportfairly good luck, with rabbits teeming in numbers, but the birds beingi-np rvuintv Clerk Faton issueda larger number of hunting licensethan for many years, but to the factthat many returned soldiers whowere not here in past hunting seasons, have taken up the burden ofhelping to keep the city and countyfreed,-, from the encrouchment orgame"' " C " vMiss Irene Downard, of Lexington, is visiting Mr. and Mrs. AllenDownard, near Paris.--Misses Kate and Edith Wilmott,or Hutchison, have gone to Oklahoma, to visit relatives.Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft, of Parisvas a visitor at Hamilton Collegem Lexington, lest week.Misses Ethel and Jessie Curtisare convalescent after an operationfor the removal of tonsils.Charles Tackett, of Paris, is nowlocated at Hazard, where he has aposition in the railroad service.Mrs. Harry Simon is in NewYork City in the interest of the'Simon stores in Lexington and ParisMrs. Holmes Smart has returnedto her home in this city after a visitto Mr. and Mrs. H. C. Galbrailh, inCarlisle.. Miss Sue Johnson has returnedfrom a visit to friends and relativesin Columbus, Ohio, and in Huntington, W. Va.Nat C. Rogers has returned tothe Confederate Home at PeweeValley, after a visit to Bourboncounty relatives.Mrs. Katherine Davis Craig leftSunday with a party of friends fromGeorgetown, for -a pleasure trip toNew York City.Miss Anna Louise White was aguest of Miss Mildred Wood, ofShelbyville, in. Lexington, several"days the past week.Miss Hallie Mann has returnedto her home in Maysville after a visitto her brother, Claude Mann, andMrs. Mann, in this city.Mrs. Buckner Woodford hasissued invitations to an "At Home"at her residence in this city, at oneo'clock, Thursday afternoon.Lieut, and Mrs. J. Miller Caseyreturned Friday to Camp Grant,Illinois, after, a visit to the former'sgrandmother', Mrs. J. W. Mcllvaine,in this city.Mr. and Mrs. J. Tevis Wilkerson, of Lexington, were week-endguests of Mr. and Mrs. Newton Taylor, at their home on the Winchesterpike, near Paris.Miss Kate Alexander, of Paris,was one of the guests Friday at aluncheon given by Mrs. A. J. Alexander, at her home, "Woodburn," inWoodford county.Mr. and Mrs. James Masterson,Wm. Masterson and Miss EvelynGreene have returned to their homesin Nicholasville, after a visit to Mr:and Mrs. N. B. Wiley.Mr. and Mrs. Edward Fithianand little son, of Louisville, areguests at the home of the former'sparents, Mr. and Mrs. Charles N.Fithian, in East Paris.Miss Fannie Heller, who is attending Kentucky University atLexington, spent the week-end inParis as a guest of her parents, Mr.and Mrs. P. M. Heller, on Secondstreet.Mr. and Mrs. T. W. Spicer andMrs. J. T. Tucker attended the annual meeting of the General Association of the Baptist church, atGeorgetown, as representatives fromthe Paris church.Dr. Martha Petree has issuedinvitations to an "At Home" reception to be held at the BluegrassOsteopathic Sanatorium, on Vinestreet, from three to six, Friday afternoon, November 21.Miss Pauline Purcell has returned to f her home in Lexington, aftera visit to her sister, Mrs. StanhopeWiedemann, and Mr. Wiedemann, attheir country home on the Georgetown pike, near Paris.Maysville Bulletin: "Miss Martha Green Sharp left Thursday afternoon for a two weeks' visit in Central Kentucky and on next Thursdaywill be bridesmaid at the TurnerClayton nuptials in Paris."Miss Jessie Brown has returnedfrom Toledo, Ohio, where she wascalled by the serious illness of heruncle, John McCann. Mr. McCannis a son of the late James McCann,one of the pioneer residents of Paris.Mr. and Mrs. A. B. Hancock entertained at their home on Pleasantstreet with a dinner in honor of Mr.and Mrs. Kenneth Alexander, ofWoodford county, who have gone toNew York City to make their futurehome.Louis Grosche, of Paris, whohas been a patient at the MayoBros.' Hospital," in Rochester, Minn.,for a month, will undergo an operation at that institution Thursday.His brother, Leo Grosche, of Akron,Ohio, will be with him.Thirty-seven new . members ofthe Strollers, the dramatic organization of the University of Kentucky,have been elected by the committeein charge of judging the try-outs ofamateur night. An uiiusual numberof students took part in the preliminaries this year, and the announcement of the successful ones has beendelaved for that reason. Miss Louiseflnnnell. daughter of Mr. and Mrs. (J. J. Connell, of Paris, was one orthe successful number. She is agraduate of Paris High School.One of the most brilliant societyevents of the season in Georgetownwas the reception given by Mrs. JohnB. Graves and Mrs. Richard Herndon Waller, in honor of Mrs. BaileyWaller, of Hopkinsville. The hourswere from two to five, during whichabout two hundred guests called.Among the guests were the followin p- from Bourbon county: Mrs.John Stuart Roberts, Miss MargaretFerguson, Mrs. W. E. Ellis, MissMary Ellis, Mrs. Catherine DavisCraig, Misses Lizzie Grimes, MaryAdams Talbott and Ann Talbott.The November meeting of Richard Hawes Chapter, 'Daughters ofI Confederacy, was held in the Confederate room m tne court nouseSaturday .afternoon, with a large attendance. After a short businesssession, Miss Reba Lockhart, of theParis High School faculty, entertained the members with dialectstories. Eight new .members . wereenrolled as follows: Mrs. Ben Dalzell and Miss Ada Bivin, of NorthIMiddletown; Misses Edna and Anna. . -Brill -u... -ncr, nitfl-nUl&rJe, OI iviiixeisuuig, mis. (juiiuuDalzell, Mrs. Lee Stephenson, Mrs.Jesse Letton and Mrs. R. L. Wilson,of Paris.George Clayton and family hayemoved from near Paris to the farm ofJohn T. Collins, near "orth, Middletown. Mr. J. E. Taylor and daughter,Hilda, of East Paris, were guests ofMiss Maude Taylor, in Falmouth,Sunday.. Lawrence Price was in Louisville, Monday night, where he wasinvested with Master's Degree inMasonry.Byron Roberts, of near Paris,has returned from Cincinnati, wherehe had been to see his mother, whohas been seriously ill in a hospital.Among recent visitors in Pariswas Mr. Dan Ciows, of Lexington,well-known newspaper man, whowas a guest of friends on a shortvisit.A little son of Major and Mrs.Durand Whipple, of Paris, is rapidly improving in a Lexington hospital, where he has been a patientfor several days.Mrs. Horace M. Bacon, Mrs.Aillie Dickerson and Mrs. MagnusRash have returned to their homesin North Middletown from a businesstrip to Cincinnati.The topic for discussion at theweekly meeting of xhe ProgressiveCulture Club, to be held in theirClub rooms Thursday afternoon,will be "English Poetry of the Nineteenth Century." Mrs. Walker,leader.The Young Women's Bible Classof the North Middletown Christianchurch gave a "shower" Fridaynight for the benefit of the Kentucky Orphan Home at Louisville.Luncheon was served, and a substantial sum realized for the Home.t Miss Lilian Bradley, of Louisville, was a visitor in Paris jesterday. Miss Bradley was for severalyears cashier in the office of theCumberland Telephone Co., in thiscity, being transferred to the Louisville office. She was en route toFrankfort on a special businessmission for the Cumberland Co.The North Middletown Women'sClub will render the following program at their regular weekly meeting, to be held Friday: Music; Oratorios and Composers, Mrs. Caywood; Piano Selections, Mrs. Leo R.Henry; Group Sacred Songs, Mrs. J.W. Jones; Reading, Mrs. J. W.Young; Piano Accompaniment, Mrs.Tollie Young.The Paris Literary Club willhold their regular weekly meetingat the club rooms to-morrow afternoon at 2; 30 o'clock. The programt f iSi be rendered on -this occasion is asfollows: The Gospel According toMark The First Memories Concerning Jesus' Public Career; (1) Introduction, (2) Galillean Ministry;f3) Ministry in Jeruselem; (4) Passion History. Leader, Miss Orr; Sacred Places, Mrs. Wilson.A message to Mis. W. R. Hukill.yesterday from Miss Jessie Brown,who is at the bedside of her uncle,Mr. John McCann, in Toledo, Ohio,stated that Mr. McCann was criticlaly ill, and likely not to survivelong. Mr. McCann is a son of thelate Mr. and Mrs. James McCann,pioneer residents of Paris, who occupied the old home at the corner ofMain and Seventh streets, new takenup by the R. P. Walsh clothinghouse.Mrs. Wm Hukill, Sr., celebratedthe eighty-fourth anniversary of herbirth with a dinner Sunday at herhome on Broadway. All the membersof her family and a few intimatefriends gathered around the tableand partook of a splendid repast.Many expressions of congratulationsand good wishes for the future weretendered this good woman, whoseemotions overcome her &o that shewas unable to reply to the kind felicitations for a while. The chief ornament of the dining table was abeautifully designed and executedbirthday cake, surmounted by eighty-fourtapers, each signifying amilestone passed on the journey oflife.Misses Sara Louise Bedford andElizabeth Tarr, members of the Turner-Claytonbridal party, entertained at the home of Miss Bedford incompliment to Miss Turner and Mr.Clayton with a luncheon-bridge,which was a delightful eventin all its details. Mr. Herbert Wilson entertained at the Phoenix Hotel, in Lexington, Friday, with adinner party, in their honor. Yesterday afternoon, Miss Alberta Moffett entertained for Miss Turnerand her guest, Mifcs Sharp, of Maysville. To-morrow Miss Turner winbe hostess to the members uf thebridal party at her home on Cypressstreet, following the rehearsal atthe Christian church.(Other Personals on Page 3.)THE FAIRWonderf u ISale IorSample Coats and SuitsBy taking quick advantage of an unusual buying opportunity we have been able to secure a wonderful collectionof Sample Coats and Suits, which we are offering to ourpatrons at the closest possible prices. We invite yourinspection, feeling sure you will be delighted with thesemodels.Elegant materials made up in the latest fashions somefur trimmed, others plain tailored all beautifully lined.Silvertone, Peach Bloom, Velour, Tinseltone, Cameleon.$50 to $200 - -National Blouse WeekNovember 10-15Whatever you may choose from this complete and lovelycollection of blouses you may feel assured it is quite correctin style and color.The Blouse and Overblouse are'equally favored and youwill find charming models in Georgette, Silk and Crepe deChine; high or round necks.See Our WindowsHARRY SIMON224 W. Main St.Lexington, Ky.Main StreetParis, Ky., aM lfffffk oB. -J S9E&i.ffWi-W H'p$? v zs sa a & X3&ytf tW. ifc W334-vhfix up your HomeWuifuW' beiore youawe parto.We nave -toebeauJu FURNITURE.CC23Despite shortages of needful merchandise, and constantly risingcosts, we are offering you here inthis sale scores of values that areabsolutely unequaled.A Beautiful Displayof Holiday Goods...Wonderful Values for iSATURDAY NEXT7Every price a special price up to12 o'clock noon, and with every 25cent purchase, or over, made before12 jioon, will give with every purchanse, absolutely free an extra finequality 5 c lead pencil.If you want to -see a beautiful lineof Dolls, see our window display.Mrs. HomeloVer:Whether you are going to give a party or notfix up your home for your family and friends.New things are a delight to every woman,particularly new rugs and furniture. This is notsurprising because a woman lives in her home, andwants to be PROUD of it.Fit out your home with our high quality styleView furniture and rugs. They last a long time.Our PRICES are always L,OW for the HIGHQUALITY we sell.xj. jrAtfvV lwll JElw srA-XT 1 IVTHE J. T. HINTON CO.EITHERPHONE 36 PARIS, KENTUCKY SIXTH AND MAINMotor Hearse Motor Invalid' Coach UndertakingA"t"i".-CV' -J ' . " tjr!iIXTJ'aL!1"-1 J'f JJTHE BOTOBOH -NEWS. PUIS, JUE1TUCJL1TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 18, lfij.T?TI J1III1tjf:i1Iftfwri3eion'PiSIlGerms ofINFLUENZAThreaten YouPtpsinol, the Builder of Blood,Brain and Tissue, isYour ProtectionEO you drae around.all tired out, rundown, desoondcnt.suttenng from stomachpains, headaches, nervousness, sleeplessness? Thenyou know, if you have readthe warnings issued by leading medical authorities, that3'ou must act quickly. Theydeclare another Influenzaepidemic is imminent. Evennow the dread scourge maybe ready ti attack you.Strength and vitality arewhat you need.Build up your strength withPepsinol quickly. Build upyour nerves. Build up yourblood. Pepsinol, the Reconstructive, Strength-BuildingTonic and General Conditioner, will equip you forany struggle with disease.It's a protection to yourwhole constitution.How quickly Pepsinol makesyour organs strong andhealthy, how surely and yethow gently it renews the vital' necessan' for glorious,rosy health! Now is thelime for you to get Pepsinol,not only for yourself, but foryour whole family. Protectthem, too, against Influenza.Go to the authorized agentin your community today forgenuine Pepsinol, made onlyby The Peplax MedicineCompany, Memphis, Tenn.You may be the first strickenin the second epidemicGet Pepsinol from: vPEOPLES PHARMACY,Main St., Paris, Ky.A REVIEW OF THE TTE1TP INDUS"TRY DC KENTUCKYGOVERNOR ORDERS BOARD OPc CONTROL INVESTIGATION.At the reouest nf TTpnrv UinocChairman of the Board of Control of -Itne Charitable and Penal Institution of Kentucky, Governor Jomes D.Black has ordered an investigationto be made of the records of transactions of the Board since 1916. Theinvestigation will be made by StateInspector and Examiner Turner,with the assistance of a Cincinnatifirm of bookkeepers.Chairman Hines requested Turnerto examine the records of the Boardwhile the present members are inoffice, solely for the purpose" of preventing expense in recalling themafter their terms have expiied.burner referred the matter toGovernor Black and it was decidedthat it would be wise to employ outside help to make the examination.The work of examining the bookswas started "Wednesday.MARGOLEN SJ j t""rr!Special To-day10-pound bucketLardy $3.00tMMiBaltimore OystersMflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketAetna-AutoCombination PoliciesIt is probable that no agricultural product raised, in Kentuckyhas seen a wider fluctuation in market demand than iiemp fiber. Varied conditions which are complainedof to-day, such as shortage of laborand unsatisfactory market demand,have recurred from time to timethroughout .the whole period ofhemp production in this State.Opinion seems to prevail at the present time that the hemp industry isa thing of the past and that the stable demand for the fiber has beenusurped by other fibers importedfrom foreign countries. A clearerunderstanding of the present conditions and of the outlook for the future may be arrived at by a reviewof the hemp industry in Kentuckyduring the past 144 years.Hemp was first introduced intothis State by settlers arriving fromVirginia and because the fiber isreadily available for use in the manufacture of homespun yarns andcloth, it soon became one of thestaple agricultural products of thefrontier. In this early period of cultivation the -art of home craftsmanship was very highly developed bythe women of the plantations, andmany kinds of cloth, fine laces andlinen were eventually manufacturedout of hemp. With the coming ofthe industrial revolution and the introduction of machinery into theweaving of cloth the home art wasmore or less abandoned and this wasespecially true after the invention ofthe cotton gin the manufacture ofcotton cloth was very restricted, owing: to the aifficultv in snearatinsrthe fiber from the seeds. Althoughhemp is widely adapted to manyuses its refractoriness under treatment of machinery soon broughtcotton to the front as a very heavycompetitor, and the hemp industryquickly declined in favor of cottongrowing in other States, during aperiod of several years. The growthof the cotton industry in the South,however, at a -later date, throughits demand f6r cotton -bagging andbale rope, soon gave the hemp industry in Kentucky a new importance, bringing hemp production to apoint far in excess of what had previously been practiced.About this time there was also agreat demand for hemp fiber in theEastern cordage plants where it wasused for the manufacture of rope forthe standing" rigging of ships and inproviding sailcloth similar to cottonduck. In 1864 cotton rose ttf a relatively high price, much higher perpound than cotton bagging and balerope which were composed of hemp,and for that reason it became advantageous for cotton ginners tooverload their bales with the hempproduct. As a result of this the"amount of cotton bagging to be usedwas restricted by manufacturers ofcotton goods -and demand arose forsteel straps to take the place of theordinary bale rope. Through thisunfortunate circumstance hemp oncemore lost a wide market. On accounti of the quicker transit by steamshipsover sailing vessels India jute was introduced into the United States, andbecause of its cheapness in comparison with hemp, soon displaced hempin cotton bagging, and furthermore,the increasing use of steamshipsgreatly reduced the quantity of hempused in the manufacture ofand sailcloth.The manufacture of hemp products had risen to a point duringthis peridd sufficient to require anInvestment '6f $500,000 capital inLexington and an equal amount inother parts of the State, in ropewalks and mills where rope, cottonbagging, sailcloth and hemp linenwere manufactured. There was alsoa political phase to the hemp industry at this time; so much so thatHenrv Clav devoted a arreat deal ofhis time and attention to tariffs onforeign hemp, for the, protection ofKentucky manufacturers, but contrary to the expectations of thesemanufacturers the price of hempproducts was less after the imposition of the traiff than before its introduction. Russia, thehemp-producing country in theworld, continued to be a very heavyFARMERS'- SURPLUS FUNDS.The Treasury Department is urging the transfer to private investorsof the Liberty Bonds still held byhanks, which, as the Federal Reserve Board has pointed out, by reducing the inflated credit situationwill be one effective factor forchecking rising prices.The farmers of the country tooktheir full share in the war loansand for the first time became generally investors in securities.The problem arises, can theyto their own advantage continue toinvest money in securities, and if so,what form shall the investmenttake? A leading rural economistrecently pointed out that the farmers could not; do better than placetheir surplus funds in Liberty Bonds.From many quarters comes thewarning against the danger in risingland prices which are in part due tothe investment of the farmer's surplus in land which he does not intend to cultivate, but to rent and sellagain.The Government is interested inpromoting the holding Sv of LibertyBonds, in preventing fraudulentpractices by Liberty Bond manipulators,' and in continuing the flow of.money into Liberty Bonds and otherGovernment securities.ANOTHER G. M. RHYME ,Sing a song of Savings Stamps,A pocket full of fives xSoon grow to an hundredAnd how the 'account thrives!The king was in his counting houseCounting out his money.That's the way the old rhyme ran;Doesn't it seem funny?A counting house is the last place,Where one should keep his money,As there it never grows.And (every man nowaday is kingExcept the bums and tramps;For they're the only people nowWho don't count Savings Stamps.Each man goes to his safety boxOnce every little while,And puts in a new Savings StampTo swell his growing pile. 'oA LADY IN CHICAGO TELEGRAPHS FOR EAT-SNAP.Read Mrs. Phillips' wire: "Youell'sExterminator Co., Westfield, N. J.Rush $3 worth of RAT-SNAP."Later received following letter:"RAT-SNAP" arrived. lb rid ourhouse of rats in no time. Just moved here from Pa., where I used RATSNAP with gieat results." Threesizes, 25c, 50c, $1.00. Sold anjlguaranteed by The Farmer's SupplyCo., Paris, Ky. w(adv-nov)oAND WE SAWED WOOD"W" " jjlrifS "5fj2! V.nrtnrMnnJ' (A ' tMn i' i St Smrt Aft Wm Smokers realize ft"' "' m that the value is in """1 the cigarettes and do 3not expect premiums rfk or coupons I sdsh&'M w4 w$ Mi mmmm mmk -- ,I. "!JTTE"Vn,Camel" are sold everywherejj 'Cicniifirally reeled f. uckagei ot 20 ri,'&-ttie, o- tenpacTtif,0!s f2C0 cigarettes) in aas-mc?-p2fltir-eoeredi artonWe sircajh rzconntt)d thiscarton for the home fir otTicosupply or nhen you trutslIf you want to know what rare andunusual enjoyment Camels providesmoke them in comparison with aNnycigarette in the world at any price !CAMELS are a cigarette revelation anyway you consider them! Take quality,or refreshing flavor and fragrance; or, thatwonderful mellow-mild -smoothness younever before got in a cigarette smoke! YetCamels are co full-bodied and so full-of-satisfactionyou marvel that so much delight CGuld be put into a cigarette!Camels expert bicr.d of choice Turkishand choice Do-." 2stic tobaccos makes themso irresistibly appetizing! And, the blendexplains why it is possible for you to smokeCamels liberally without tiring your taste!Vou will prefer Camels to either kindof tobacco smoked straight!You'll realize pretty quick, too, thatamong the many reasons you smoke Camelsis their freedom from any unpleasant cigaretty aftertaste or unpleasant cigaretty odor! ,Once you know Camels, you won'ttake much stock in premiums, couponserr gifts! ' You'll prefer Camel quality!P. J. HCYXOLOS T03ACCO CO., Winston-Salem, N. C.; r"5t-"ir.Siy---1J5--55.2-ZS8x8?f 1-iK.'-ci'-.:.. s.".A CHRISTIAN WAK IN CHINATheBibfe has been the cause ofmany social upheavals but none morepeculiar in results than the Tai Pingrevolt in China in the middle of the19th century. A young Chinamantaking- the Government examinations at Canton, was handed someChristian tracts, together with a fewchapters of the Bible. For tenyears he studied the tracts, and at atime Tie was desperately ill had visipns that showed him to be destined?mmmm'mmmm'mi'ii'atmmaaimtmttLWes "Whittle, a teamster down in to destroy demons and eventually toLowell, Ark., was so patriotic during the fall of 1918, before the Hunwas finally vanquished, that he puta mortgage on his team and wagonand bought War Savings Stamps inhis desire to do his duty by the Gov-lule China. He set out to preach agarbled version of Christianity,gathered followers and was finallyable to take a leading part in therevolt against the Manchus that wasthen going on. Hung Sin Tcuen, the1920ernment. Some' thought Wes was self-styled Christian general, led hisdoing more than his financial ! army against Nankin, captured thatstrength warranted. But he just j city, and marched to PekinC But onewent down in the woods, cut up fuel of his generals, jealous of the powerand sold it in the Lowell market ,' of his leader, claimed at this time toand the Mortgage was soon lifted, be the Holv Ghost of the ftfirisHnnNow Wes is buying more stamps, religion, and the consequent divisionrigging because he realizes their value and of command caused the disorganiza-finds he can save. j tion of the force and its final defeato -w oy ijoraon.Protect AgainstFireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiability"tatONLY A COLD.Are you 111? is, often answered"Oh! it's only a cold," as if a coldwas a matter of little consequence,but people are beginning to learnthat a common cold is a matter notto be trifled with, that some of themost serious diseases start with acold. As soon as the first indication of a cold appears take Chamberlains Cough Remedy. Remember that the sooner you get rid ofyour cold the less the danger, andthis remedy will help you to throwit off. 4(adv-nov)oit the coal man gives you short iurflioht F-i. -.t.i. A i.. v-ifa.i. ivjx j-uui iiiuiiey give mm agreatest hong wait for his.WILL THEINFLUENZARETURN?Public Health Authorities Predictlis RecurrenceNow in stock andready to demonstrate. New shipment just arrived.Better get yoursquick.I'lllll IIMI Mill- IU I I II l Mill I II' U V Tl llll llll-aim u i . .7 . """ - -- xmpxovemenis in fne manner ofimpression off the tariff tended to I breaking, together with the stablizadestrov the shinhuildinsr mdustrv of , j , , . .twu vjL ueuiiuia, w-nicn. mav hnWy iitoixiiu uuu LU unC liiio in j Drought about by introducinuusiry -to iiiiigicuiu. unu ouier iiiurupean countries during the lemainderof the period of decline of buildingsail ships.nnw-erful industrial concerns at home,tie me uiree nroblems xrhioh 4fGuara Against It By Building Upthe BloodPepto-Mangan Creates Eich BedBlood and Increases Strengthof hemp in Kentucky a profitable agHence, again in the evolution of ( ricultural undertaking With'-4iv;eAnd OtherCasualties1. 'FEEAGENT? lf-. .the hemp industry, new marketswere necessary and ft was after thisjuncture in the history of hemp raising and manufacture that the present uses of hemp came into prominence and have been maintainedmore or less steadily up to the present time. Although Russian hempwas an early and serious competitorof the Kentucky product it is to-dayimported very lightly, but Italian-hemp, water retted in the alkalistreams flowing through the lavabeds of that country and consequently lighter in color and finer inquality than the dew retted fiber ofKentucky, is now the ruling factorof competition in the hemp market.The history of the hemp industryleads to the inevitable conclusionthat its instability has not beencaused by flaws in the cultural sideot the question, but rather is inherent in those factors which controlthe marketing off the fiber. Theprocess of rettine mierht he imnVnvpriI.- 4.-U- ...... , r . . t iiuy, me experimentation- out the in' troduction of power "machinery andanaverage production of over 1,000pounds of hemp fiber per acre andthe proper machinery for harvestingand breaking, hemp should be oneof the most profitable crops suitablefor cultme in the Blueerass sent inn.of the State and, furthermore, shouldl require no more labor in its handlinguian is devoted to the culture ofcorn, wheat or other .machinehandled products.On account of the high prices andthe introduction of improved machinery for handling hemp in otherparts of the country there has beena constant trend durfng the lasteight or ten years toward the expansion of hemp raising in other StatesCalifornia, Wisconsin, Indiana andOhio now produce collectively morehemp than is produced in Kentuckyin a favorable year and the industryin Wisconsin, Ohio and Indiana hasbeen stabilized by the erection ofbreaking plants for the nrodimtirmlong line fiber and tow by machineprocess, wnuefiber is still prepared by hand-laborSurgeon- General Blue, of theTTnifal Ctofnn TJ.,1,1.. TT 111. .solved, would again make the raising ircent statement ftZVaSton, warns the public that the muchdreaded influenza eDidemic will nrnh-ably return this fall and winter. All Imedical authorities agree - that the Iweak, bloodless, rundown individual iis more likely to contract this (as Iwell as any other infectious disease Vthan is the strong, robust, red-blood-ea man or woman. In view of thesefacts, it is wise to use every effort to jbuild up the blood and thus increasethe bodily resistance to the invasionof the germs of the disease. Gude'sPepto-Mangan is an absolutely de-'pendable red blood builder in allconditions of lowered vitality notuue to serious disease of the vitalorgans. It improves the appetite, imparts color to the cheeks, and createsnew hope and'amibition in thn.?A wVihave become pale, weak and listless.nysicians recommend Gude's PeptoMangan. When you order, be surethe word "Gude's'.' is on the packageWithout "Gude's" it is not PeptoMangan. Furnished in both liquidand tablet form. For sale by alldruggists." (adv)oLot of first-classsecond hand- carsfor sale at bargainsif moved at once.We need room fornew cars.Make Date forDemonstrationC'SALL GARAGECor. Fourth and Pleasant Sts.i -DR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and Throat-5100MS 403404OT&ST If ATI, BANK BUILDINGPHONE 136CAfiXL BROS.BABBEB SHOPDOn't llVTnntlo rtnn.1 1 J . ' .jnost .of Kentucky's tWngtoVwX5 w T S S e "" of one m doespared by hand-labor! undo ? ' thSn tliey 0t mean the V of anotherPrompt and Courteous Attention tePatrons. -" "HOT AND C0LD.3ATHS. ;- -u,'fCrhN---lv'--.V'- "J-or--.ttj4stx 'is$iVV4,r v3f.,A --cPW - , ,A"N."V -TUESDAY,' NOVEMBER 13, 1919.fflHTBOUXBOK HEWS. PABXS? KEHTTICKT'APowdered SoapKeeps the KitchenClean-I J l L )A7- slipffKi -f Fit JSt , I rj V lISISISBMeBVy"IVAei GrandmaCom th DirtMmtFly."Grandma's Powdered Soap is the finest barsoap ground to a powder. Just a tablespoonfulor twofa the dishwater makes the most splendidsuds you ever saw.-It is almost uncanny the way the greasespots and kettle and pot rings disappear whenGrandma gets after them. Takes the place ofboth bar toap and washing powder. Does thework of both. Saves one purchase. Goesfarther. Cheaper to use.Order a package of Grandma's Powdered Soap fromyour grocer to-day.vJJ7apMllrjEBBVBBBYMmMiLiin2cu lwfintfc.randmasPowdered SOAPTrq This Powdered Soap Today"Ybixr Grocer Has litThe GJo&e. Soap Company. QncinnalL1 JlfSOME UNUSUAL ARITHMETICBefore Christmas days arrive thepeople of the United States will receive in interest on Liberty Bonds$458,000, 000. They bought Hiebonds in a spirit of patriotism and3iow find it an investment, as well asa debt which they must eventuallydischarge. No usurer receives theinterest or had any part in fixing it.Our own citizens own the bonds, and2iow with, an agreeable feeling, cutthe coupons. Many citizens boughtbonds "until it hurt," often makingPREPARING FOR 1920.onSouthern Optical Co.IncorporatedManufacturers of Perfect-FittingSPECTACLES ANDEYE GLASSESKryptoksArtificial EyesInvisible Bifocal Lens1Itttt!sacrifices and exercising unwontedeconomy. But how well it pays!If those who receive interest in the' The design for the 1920 War Savmonths remaining of this year so ings Stamp is now being completedelect they will be paid in War Sav- in the Bureau of Engraving atings Stamps instead of cash, an ope- Washington, and the new "Babyration by which they obtain com- Bonds" will be on sale at all postpound interest. Now here is a pleas-J offices andmany banks throughouting and interesting problem in Missouri, Arkansas and Kentuckymathematics. The debtors are also ! with the dawn of the new year. Thecreditors. The debts are also in-: design for the 25 cent Thrift Stampvestments. Much of the money sav-' and the $100 and ?1,000 Treasuryed would "not have been saved but Savings Certificates will be unfor the admirabie response to the i changed.Liberty Bond calls. In dealing with j othis problem, what is the completeanswer? The complexity of it is ev- jident, but all is commendable. !More remains to be x said. The 'money was spent in an unavoidablewar. We won the war. The country was called upon to prove the infiexibile courage of its manhood 1and womanhood. The result was inkeeping with the best traditions oft-he republic. Militarism went down.Frightfulness was indomitably facedand smashed. .A terrible world menace was ende-1. On the whole, future peace among the nations will bestrengthened. The United States isno longer unprepared for comingemergencies, whatever they may be.How stands the balance sheet, theshowing of profit and loss? It is awise scholar who can do the sum.new governor ot worryAbout jge-othtersIftjob hunters under the incomingState administration stop to countthe cost, Governor-elect Edwin P.Morrow and his official associateswill not be harrassed to the extenttheir predecessors have been.Twenty or thirty years ago whensalaries for minor positions werefixed, "fat jobs" may" have definedthe spoils of a political victory; butsalaries at the Capitol have not keptpace with the cost of living, and incumbents even of more recently created departmental positions, most ofwhich carry with them some technical qualifications not what it wasin the beginning. In recent years,too, the custom of assessing all employes for campaign. expenses hasgrown upon, extending even to girlstenographers. The primary lawdoubled this expense and the cost ofelections has kept pace with themounting-cost of everything else.Most State jobs don't pay over $1,500 or $1,800.oKENNETH ALEXANDER T41 RESIDE IN NEW YORK.Friends in New York of the for-,mer Miss Mollie King, actress andscreen star, who was married severalmonths ago to Kenneth JDade Alexander, millionaire turfman, of Woodford county, were pleased to learnseveral days ago that she and herhusband had decided to make theirhome in New York. This being Mrs.Alexander's wish, Mr. Alexander soldhis 1,100-acre Woodburn estate tohis sister, Mrs. Edward Simms, Lexington, and is preparing to establisha home in New York City. TheWoodburn estate, near Versailles,has been in possession of the Alexander family for more than 100 years.Mr. Alexander and Miss King weremarried June 10 last in the apartments of the bride's mother, HotelAnsonia, soon after he had returnedfrom the war front.oDIZZINESS IS ANNOYINGKnow TooAs" ManyParis PeopleWell.i4th & Chestnut Sts,,LOUISVILLE, KY.zi. positive Insult."Here take this back to the kitchen!" snarled the grouchy boarder."What do you mean, bringing me aburned piece of liver? Why, it's not. . . i, i.t m Trr"..-fit even to sec Deiore a King : -vaucuaCity Star. wGirls who wear short skirts mayhave poor taste, but they show goodform. -TSAYS BENEFITSTOTALLED $1,000When the kidneys are weak ordisordering, they fall behind in filtering the blood of poisons. Asthese poisons attack the nerves, theresult is felt in spells of vertigo, justas durnkenness will make a man dizzy from the poisoning of alcohol.Dizziness, headache, " backache andirregularity of the kidney secretionsare all signs of weak or disorderedkidneys and should not be neglected. Use Doan's Kidney Pills, thehome endorsed kidney remedy.Read this Paris resident's statement.Mrs. J. W. Markland, 326 Eighthstreet, says: "Some few years agoI suffered severely with kidney complaint and some times was in a serious condition. I had a constant dullache across the small of my backand I was terribly dizzy at times. Ihave used Doan's Kidney Pills forthis trouble and they have helpedme more than anything else, alwaysrelieving me of the complaints.Price, 60c, at all 'dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Markland had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. tadv)oDangerous Practice.Little Willie would hate to see hlamother have to take in washingbut there is no tellifg what her facultyfor religious!' taking in his oars everytime she washes his face may lead to.g .,car.THE UNIVERSAL CARThe Ford car can well be called the "peoplesbecause there are more than 3,000,000 ofthem in daily operation. That Is about fourto one of the nearest follower in the motor carindustry. This would not be so if the Ford carhad not for sixteen years proven its superiorityin service, in "durability, and in the low cost foroperation and maintenance; this would not beso if the Ford car was not so easy to understand,so simple in construction that anybody andeverybody can safely drive it. Let us haveyour order for one now to avoid delay indelivery.RUGGLES MOTOR CO..Bank Row, .Paris, Ky.iBourbon Laundry!DAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4West Fif h Streety-SMfcBS3rAKxfWf5rf8iri:vmHi -b- -flDKp'M'LwVH 7 ta-K iriVt'IIBTI8BBv f (JXIXIXISATISFACTION IOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest; improvements in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we areprepared to do work inferior to none, and solicityour patronage.IXIXIXIXIA GOOD COUGH MEDICINE FORCHILDREN.Relief Trutona Gave Worth That-VEiich To Her. Mrs. BennerDeclaresA MAN AND' HIS WIFE-tin cmay both derive satisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone" brings ua.Mrs. J. W. Phillips, Iledon, Ga.,phoned to J. M. Floyd, the merchantthere, for a bottle of Chamberlain'sCough Remedy and said she hadbought a bottle of it at his store recently and that it was doing herchildren so much good that shewanted tos keep up the treatment.You will find nothing better forcoughs and colds in children or foryourself. It keeps the cough loose,exnectoration easy and soon frees-the system from the cold.(adv-nov)Friendship Shows Worth.I often find myself going back toDarwin's saying about the durationof a man's friendship being one ofthe best measures of his worth. AnneThackeray Ritchie.fl LEVY, THE DHY -CLEANERi. 'Cumberland Phone 40 . ' - Home Phone 1 69;LOUISVILE&, IO., Nov. 17 "Forsix dollars I've paid out for TrutonaI feel that I've received $1,000 wort-hof benefits," Mrs. -C. Benner, 1123Bardstown Road, said recently.Mrs. Benner, who is 52 years old,1has long been a resident of Louisville, having been born here, and sheis well-knowvn in this city and vicinity. "I'll admit that I didn't havemuch faith in Trutona at first, butit &oon proved to be the medicinefor my ailments," Mrs. Benner continued. "I used to suffer severe bilious attacks. No one knows Hie terrible feeling I'd experienced duringthose spells. Some times they wouldattack me while I was dow"h townand I'd have a, hard time gettinghome. My appetite was so poor therewas hardly any kind of food thatwould tempt me. My liver lias beenout of shape for the past two years."After I had taken three bottlesof Trutona I realized it was helpingme and now, with the fourth bottlefinished, the bilious attacks haveceased to occur. I have not had- aspoil for the past week. My kidneysare in better sllap6, too. I can truthfully recommend Trutona to thosewho are suffering as I did."Trutona is especially beneficialfor stomach, liver and bowel trouble,catarrhal complaints, nervousness,sleeplessness, loss of appetite andthe like, and is equally as efficient asa reebnstuctive agency for overcoming after-effects of pneumonia, influenza, deep colds and the like.Trutona, the perfect tonicis nowbeing introduced, and Explained inPans at the Drug Store of G. S. Varden & Son.-adv)mThe Bourbon Laundry? jParis, Kentucky J g&USJIMM1MDO YOU FEED OATS AND CORN?if So, SeeCOLLIERFor prices; they have just unloaded a car of nice whitebats. They also retail new corn by the bushel.Office Opposite Paris Tobacco .Cumberland Phone 997Warehouse ' - Home Phone 257httuAti.-A4ylii..,WismSBHBMf Mil HMMtt I MillsAEAT THAT DIDN'T SMELL AF-TER BEING DEAD FOR3 MONTHS."I swear it was dead at least 3months," said James Sykes, butcher,Westfield, N. J. "We sav that ratevery day. Put a cake of RATSNAP behind a barrel. Monthslater my wife asked me about therat. Remembered the barrel, looked behind it. Tliere was the ratdead; not the slightest odor." Threesizes, 25, 50c, $1.00. Sold andguaranteed by The Farmers SupplyCo., Paris, Ky.(adv-noy)oSwift For a Short Distance.Sparrows can fly short distances atthe rat of eighty miles an hour.MR. P. LaDUKE, FARMER, SAYS,"YOU-BET RATS CAN BITETHROUGH METAL.""I had feed bins lined with zinclast year, rats got through prettysoon. Was out $18. A $1 packageof RAT-SNAP killed so many ratsthat I've never been wnnouL itsince. Our Collie dog never touchedRAT-SNAP." You try it. Threesizes, 25c, 50c, $l-.00. Sold andguaranteed by .The Farmers' SupplyCo., Paris,' Ky.( adv-nov VThe JL T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMERS, Paris Ky.- iMainand SixthStreetsDay phone 36Nlsht s . . 56or Home 386Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to withLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.uraaaaaaaTBaaaaaaaaaaaLLflLaaflLLLaaaaamLliz.Zr ,;M 1 1 1 M 1 1 U 1 H tMMlHIHUIf4A r.Mronodist advertised that hohas' removed corns rom all thecrowned heads of Europe.Send That Next Job of Printio toTh-Bourbon News. Best Work; Right Pricesv1vV'-;UjV.lKiVs. n-C-ji. jfr?-vtTHE BOUBftMl NEWS. RIS, fcEtfTtfCKf "erTUl!DAY; NOVEMBER 18, 1919.?&GE UGHTJ-Ai4An OrdinanceI Authorizing and Empowering thev -Board , of Commissioners of theI iMassie Memorial Hospital to adoptreasonable rules and Regulations, for the conduct and management' .of said institution and to providew ilor the reasonable enforcementilhtf.tit "Be it ordained by the Board ofCouncil of the City of Paris, Ky.,hat,WHEREAS, many complaints have-Jseen made as to the conduct andiananagement of said Hospital, and,WHEREAS, it appears that thesecomplaints are due, for themost part, to the failure of the Boardof Commissioners to have and enforce.reasonable rules and regulations, and,WHEREAS, it further appears thataid Board of Commissioners shouldliave power and authority to makend enforce all just and reasonablerules and regulations for the conductcand management of said institution,NOW THEREFORE, be it resolved,(1). That said Board of Commissioners are hereby authorized andempowered to adopt such reasonablerules and regulations, as, in theirjudgment, may be necessary for theproper conduct and management ofsaid institution with reference to the-employment of a Superintendent, assistants, nurses and other employesthat may be necessary in their judgement. '(2) . To make and enforce such"reasonable rules and regulations withreference to patients with referencerto the treatment of the patients andtthe conducl of patients while in saidinstitution as said Commissioners-may, in their judgment deem propetand necessary.(3). To make and enforce suchrules and regulations with referenceito conduct of physicians while attending patients or upon any other business in and about said institution, as,may in their judgment, seem necesary and proper.(4). To make and enforce such-reasonable rules and regulations withreference to the conduct, behaviorsnl treatment of special nurses,ehen employed by patients or physicians, while in and about said institution as may in their judgment seemnecessary and proper.(5). To adopt and enforce suchreasonable rules and regulations asmay in their judgment seem proper''with reference to the training schoolonerated in connection with said in-:stitution and touching the conduct.:and behavior of student nurses whilein and about said institution.(6). This ordinance shall be in fullforce and effect from and after itspublication as required by law.E. B. JANUARY,Mayor.v j.Attest:W. HADEN, Clerk.ATTENTIONINSURANCE AGENTSFRUIT TREE SOLICITORSCOUNTRY CANVASSERSANDSUBSCRIPTION AGENTSWANTEDTo Take Subcriptions forThe Cincinnati PostLIBERAL TERMSThe season is here whenthousands of subscriptionsare expiring. Write todayfor terms toTHE CINCINNATI POSTCirculation Dept.Cincinnati, Ohio 'AAnnouncing Our Annual Exhibitof Albrecht Finest FursTHURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY, Nov. 20, 21, 22Knowing you will surely be interested in-seeing the new things in Fur Styles and new Furs,ve cordially invite you to attend our Annual Fur"Style Exhibit and Sale of Albrecht Furs this"week.The Albrecht Special Representative will bepresent and will show an endless variety of designsin Neckwear, Muffs and Fur Garments in additionto our regular stock.Should you contemplate anything in the wayof a fur purchase you surely will see here just whatyou want, regardless of how much or how little youmay want to invest.Remember the days Thursday, Friday andSaturday of this week.COHEN SHOP145 Eatt Main Street Lexington, KyU1MILLERSBURGMr. H. A. Sheeler is somewhatimproved.Mrs. S. C. Carpenter continuesabout the same.Miss Laura C, Jefferson, who hasbeen quite ill, is improving slowly.Mr. Wallace Bowles, of the U.S. Navy, is at home on a furlough.Mrs. Layson Tarr has returnedfrom a visit to relatives in Olatha,Kansas.Miss Margaret Clarke will leavethis week for Florida, to spend thewinter months. ,Regular meeting of AmityLodge No. 40, F. & A. M., this evening at 7:30.Miss Alberta Moffett t has returned from a week's visit to friendsin Flint, Michigan.Mrs. Wm. D. Mclntyre anddaughter, Miss Elizabeth, are visiting relatives in Georgia..The local tuikey slaughteringseason closed Friday until after theThanksgiving holidays.Mrs. Amanda Mastin left yesterday for Newport, where she willspend the winter with her daughter,Mrs. Robert Wilson.Mrs. J. D. Calhoun and daughter, Miss Elizabeth Calhoun, havereturned after a protracted visit torelatives in Ringo, Ga.Dry cleaning done at reasonableprices carpets, rugs, suits, coats,furs and gloves, in fact, everythingin which dry cleaning can be donein wool, silk, kid and fur.R. M. CALDWELL,Agent for the Levy Dy CleaningCo., at Paris.Dr. Henry Lawrence Southwick, of the Emerson College ofOratory, at Boston, Mass., has beena guest a't Millersburg College. Dr.Southwick lectured on Shakespeariantopics at the M. C. Auditorium lastFriday night to a large and very appreciative audience.Quite a number of Millersburgpeople took advantage of the opening of the hunting season Saturday,and went to the fields, returningwith more or less luck. One partyof four returned with 125 rabbits.The bunnies are selling on the localmarket for thirty cents each.The Lyceum Chorus, which willconsist of five numbers, will be conducted this season by the fourchurches. Season tickets will go onsale in a few days. Therefore beprepared to buy when the Committeewaits on you. The opening numberwill be the Means-Anderson Company, on the evening of November25th. See next issue for furtherparticulars.A party of mischevious youngmen did considerable damage Sundaynight to property in- different portions of the city. A large glasswindow in Ingels dry goods storewas broken, bales of wire were removed fiom the A. S. Best store frontand fencing in places close to thestreet was torn down. An effort isbeing made to apprehend" the guiltyparties, with the promise of swiftana- sure justice being meted out tothem.The protracted meeting at theChristian church opened Mondayevening, with a good attendance.Elder W. P. Crouch, of Carlisle, isin charge of the services, and delivered an interesting sermon at theopening service. Miss Mayme C.Tuttle, of Springfield, O., has chargeof the music, and is beginning withgood chorus work. Her solos arewell rendered, and she has an attractive voice. Services every evening at 7:30 p. m.oA FAMOUS FOOTWEAR, THE GROVER SHOES.The' famous Grover Shoes forladies is sold at(tf) FELD'S SHOE STORE.-oBOURBON MAN TAKES PRIZESWITS. MULES.mil;'John Marr, of near Millersburg1,claims the distinction of being thechampion prize winner of CentralKentucky on mules.In the big mule exhibit held atthe Fulton', Mo., fair, Mr. Marr wonthe blue ribbon in a ring of twentyfour contestants for the best mule ofany age. He also won first, second,third and fourth in the two-year-oldclass. Tis animals took several blueribbons at Blue Grass Fair, in Lexington, and at the State Fair, in"Louisville. He is grooming a number of fine mules for the 1920 fairs.He recently sold three mules fromhis premium bunch for $1,800.ALAMOAFTERNOON, 2:00-5:30GRANDEVENING, 7:00-10:30ADMISSIONAdults 18c, war tax 2c-20cChildren and Gallery9c plus lc war tax10cMATRIMONIAL.INGELS DOWDEN.James Dowden, of Henry county, and Miss Alice Ingels, of Bourboncounty, secured license and weremarried in Jeffersonville, Ind., Friday. The gioom is a young farmer,and his bride is a daughter of aBourbon county farmer.STONE SINGER.Miss Eugenia Stone, daughter ofMrs. Ella Yates Stone, of StampingGround, Scott county, and ThomasHenry Singer, son of Charles H.Singer, also of Stamping Ground,were married recently at the homeof the bride's uncle, Wm. ScottYates, in Sapulpa, Oklahoma.The groom, who is in his twentysecond year, is a son of Charles H.Singer, and a grandson of the lateHenry Singer, Sr., one of the pioneerresidents of Paris. The bride is seventeen, and is a charming young woman. The young couple will be athome at Stamping Ground after November 19.TURNER CLAYTON.The marriage of Miss AgnesTurner, daughter of Mr. and Mrs.W. F. Turner, of this city, to Mr.Russell Clayton, son of Mrs. AmandaClayton, also of Paris, will takeplace at the Christian church, atfour o'clock to-morrow, (Wednesday) afternoon. The ceremony willbe performed by Rev. W. E. Ellis.Miss Sara Louise Bedford will bemaid of honor, and the bridesmaidsWill be Miss Elizabeth Tarr, of Paris,Martha Green Sharp, of Maysville,and Alberta Moffett and JosephineLeer, of Millersburg. Mr. John C.Clay, of Paris, will be the groom'sbest man. The ushers will be Jo.Davis, Lucien Arnsparger, HarveyRogers and Clay Gaitskill.LYONS COONS.Miss Mabel Louise Lyons andCarter H. Coons, both of Lexington,were married in that city last week,at the home of the bride's parents,Mr. and Mrs. O. E. Lyons, on EastMaxwell street. After the ceremonyth young couple left for a weddingtrip. They will for the present reside with Mr. and Mrs. Lyons.The bride has frequently visitedMrs. F. E. Faulkner and Mrs. W. E.Patton, in this city, and is quite asocial favorite. Mrs, Patton and Mrs.Faulkner attended the wedding,- thelatter playing the wedding music.The attendants were Miss KatherineElkin, cousin of the bride, and Thos.Coons, brother of the groom. Thegroom is a son of Mr. and Mrs. W.D. Coons, of Lexington, and has recently returned from France, where jhe saw service wiwi tne American ?Expeditionary Force, .r McCORD HENRY.Miss Grace McCord, daughter ofMr. and . Mrs. Perry J. McCord, ofthis city, and Mr. Houston Henry, ofAkron, Ohio, were married last weekin Akron, Ohio, jvhere both haveSeeA residing for some time. .About fifteen months ago the bride,who is a graduate of the Paris HighSchool, and one of the most charming young women of the city, wentto Akron, where she had obtained aposition with the Goodrich RubberCo. During her residence there sheboarded at the home of Miss. ErieHenry and her brothers, former residents of this city, who had movedfrom Paris to that city to engage inbusiness. The acquaintance of thetwo young people, which begun during their residence in Paris, rapidlyripened into love, and the happymarriage of a few days ago was theculmination of the romance.The groom, who has a large circleof friends in Paris, is in. the employof the Goodyear Rubber Co., atAkron, and has a new home complete! furnished ready for the reception of liis fair bride. The Parisfriends of the young couple extendbest wishes for a long and happyman ied life. . , - 1"v 'ANDERSON HUKILlu' '-The marriage of Miss ElizabethAnderson and Mr. Ellis P. Hukill,both of this city, was solemnizedSaturday morning at eleven o'clock,at St. Paul's Episcopal church, inLouisville, in the presence of a fewintimate friends and witnesses. Theceremony was performed by Rev.Cady Wright, rector of St. Paul'schurch. After the ceremony thebride and groom were guests at Jawedding dinner tendered by friendsof both parties.The bride is the daughter of Mr.and Mrs? F. S. Anderson, of Etawah,Tenn., and has been a nurse at theMaSsie Memorial Hospital, inr thiscity,vfor some time. By her uniformcourtesy and professional ability, shehas made many friends among thepatrons and friends of the institution. She is a young woman ofmany graces of character, in everyway a worthy helpmeet for. theyoung man who has won her for alife partner-The groom, is &son of Mrs.f Chas.T. TTiiTHll artrf is vn ira p-pf! in '"'fhoToday, TuesdayWM. FOX PRESENTSWilliam Russellin ''Sacred Silence7'The story of a supreme sacrifice for a woman's honor.AlsoANTONIO MORENO ANDCAROL HOLLOWAY inthe last episode of'Perils of Thunder Mountain'WILLIAM DUNCANin "SMASHING BARRIERS"and Harold Lloyd Comedyis a steady and industrious youngman, who has won. the confidence ofthe people of Paris by his straightforward business methods, and whoextend him and his fair bride a sincere good wish for their marriedhappiness.YOU'LL PIND BILLIE3N SHOES AT3). FELD'S SHOE STOREIf you are looking for the Billikin Shoes for children, come to(tf) FELD'S SHOE STORE.A SpecialPurchaseMen's SuitsandOvercoatsEnables us to offer the season's latest styles in extragood values$25, $27.50, $30Worth much more. Seethem while our stock iscomplete.Twin Bros.Men's StoreL. WOLLSTEIN, Proprietor619 Main StreetfQuality FootwearAt Less Than Factory Cost PricesOur ECONOMY STORE offers you you the opportunity tosupply your fall and winter requirements at a' big saving inprice. BUY TOMORROW, Saturday, and benefit by our moneysaving prices.See the Most Beautiful Fall ModelsWe are Offering at Economy Prices$7.50 and $8.00 Ladies' Dark Brownand Glazed Black Kid BeautifulLace BootsNarrow style vamps in high heels; also in English styles,military heels, on sale at$5-99$7.00 Ladies' Dark Tan LaceBoots, high hsels, dark brownand glazed kid boots in English styles. Cloth and leathertops.in sale at $4.99Men's Pall Boots, English andsoft vici kid, wide toelasts. $7.00 values.On sale at $4.99Boys' and Youths' $5.00 extragood Dress and School ShoesOn sale at $3.49DANjParis' Greatest Shoe StoreTomorrow, WednesdayJune Caprice andCreightoh HaleIN"A Damsel in Distress"A joyous screen interpretationof P. G. Wodehouse's story fromThe Saturday Evening Post.CHARLIE CHAPLINin his second million-dollar picture, "Shoulder Arms'7And Bray PictographVhe Sheraton ftrt TTJodelNow On Display in Our Store.Come in and and let us show you this wonderful machine,and hear it play. MO. NEEDLES TO CHANGE.DALION MACHINESee this machine and hear it play.If 1 1 i p"Christmas is drawing near. Don't be disappointed ingetting your machine on time. From the information thatwe receive from the manufacturers they will be just asscarce this year as last.Come in and make an early selection.S3 rooks & Snapp Dru Co.Send That Next Job of Printing to TheBourbon N ews. Best Work: Right Prices$3.50 Ladies' and GrowingGirls' English Lace Boots inblack kid and gun metalleathers. Also a special lotgray boots.On sale at $3.99Men's $5.50 Gun Metal English Shoes on sale at $3.99$4.00 Men Tan and BlackCalf Work Shoes on saleat $2.99Boys' and Youths' $3.00 GunMetal Shoes.On sale at $1.99COHENWhere Beauty and Economy ReignThursday, Nov. 20th IViola AllenIN'Please Get Married'They thought they were genuinely married, but no sooner werethey on their bridal trip thanword came that the marriagewas not real. What did they do?Also Vod-a-Vil Moviesand Comedy, 'Too Many Wives'NoteTwo ladies will be admitted for oneI ticket plus war tax.7Jhe jiiito JileA Peatuture Exclusivewith theDalion Machine.i$5.00 Ladies' arid 0WYGirls' Gun Metal EnglishLace Boots, low heels.On sale at $3.49Misses' $3.50 School Shoes inin gun metal, lace and button. On sale at $2.49High Top Boots for Boys andGirls at aGreat Savingi.. y;r :.r?-i f'tlmV5P- vitn-cJ6J-,tailoring' business in' this city!: "-Heh-CI-i