T f.THE BOURBON NEWSPUBLISHED EVERY - TUESDAY AND FRIY IN THE YEAR.. . '.a- 3:VOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, MAY 20, 1919"ittfHEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS'Bryan & Patrick are razing the oldbuilding in North Middletown whichthey recently purchased, and willerect a new garage 85x85 feet, witha double frontage and back entrance.Mr. Frank Burton sold last weekto Miller & Lilleston a four-roomcottage on Connelly street, at a private price. The property is near thetwo double houses recently purchasedfry Miller &. Lilleston from Mrs. C.Arnsparger.Mr. Granville Denton purchased ofMrs. Alice Ware last week the residence on Cypress street, at presentoccupied, by Judge George Batterton.Possession will be given October 1,when Mr. Denton will move to theproperty.AIRPLANES AT LAST!One of the long overdue airplanes,scheduled to "exhibit" in Paris onMay 1, finally arrived, or rather,flew over the city at noon Sunday.The machine had been undergoingrepairs in Lexington lor several days,and after several trial flights, headedfor Dayton, Ohio, where it will undergo a thorough overhauling.The flight of the machine overParis was unheralded, but was witnessed by many citizens returningfrom church. Their attention wasattracted by the noise of the -motoron the airplane overhead. The pilotof the machine distributed circularsadvertising "War Savings Stamps.GIFTS FOE GRADUATES.We have prepared for the seasonof Graduation and commencements,for the reign of the sweet girl graduate is near. An array of beautifulgifts for the boys, too. Come in andlet us help you make a selection.THE A. J. WINTERS, CO.(13-tf) (Incorporated.)TEACHERS' EXAMINATIONSExaminations for certificates forthe white teachers of county schoolswere conducted Saturday in the officeof County Superintendent of SchoolsJ. B. Caywood, in the court house.In the examinations twentv-flveteachers took the agricultural courseJand sir took the regular .course.FRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSNewestSummer StylesINGeorgette CrepeFrench VoileandFrench OrgandieWaistsalsoWash SkirtsJust ReceivedFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSAutomobile Delivery .CHURCH .ENTERS PROTEST ONDAYLIGHT SAYINGA protest against the daylight saving plan recently put into effect forthe second time in the United Stateswas formerly made and approved byan order of the Great Crossingchurch, in Scott county, May 11,1919.The petition says:"Whereas, The Daylight SavingAct is detrimental to the interest ofthe fanner, and to the interest of therural churches and schools:"Therefore, we arnestly appealto Congress, at the coming specialsession, to repeal that act and establish the standard time."It is detremental to the farmer,because during the hay, grain and tobacco harvest, the heavy dews makeit impossible to begin work beforeeight or nine o'clock; yet the laborerinsists on quitting at six o'clock,therefore losing to the farmer someof the very best hours for this veryimportant work."It is hurtful to the churches andschools because of the difiiculty, indoing the necessary work, to meet atthe earlier hour."Since it is of no practical benefitto any profession or industry, it doesnot seem wise to continue a time thatis hurtful to the farmers, uponwhose industry the whole world mustsubsist."Done by order of the Great Crossing Church, Scott County, Ky.. May11, 1919."0FOR THE JUNE BRIDE AND THESWEET GIRL GRADUATE.If you would hunt the world overyou could not find a more beautifulselection of gifts for the June brideor the sweet girl graduate. Alsolots of nice gifts that would pleasethe hoys who are to graduate nextmonth.THE A. J. WINTERS CO.( 1 3"-tf ) ( Incorporated . )oAT THE PARIS GRAND AND THEALAMO,To-day, Tuesday, May 20. Bryant Washburn, in "Venus of theEast;" Wm. Duncan, in third episode of "A Man of Might;" PatheCornqdy.To-morrow, Wednesday, May 21D. rW. Griffith's, "A Romance ofHappy Valley," featuring LillianGish and Robert Harron; Pictograph and Comedy.Thursday, May 22 Marion Daviesin "The Bufden of Proof;" RoscoeArbuckle, in "Fatty Hooke A Dame;"International News.:rl"RTVn fTBACC TTmurnv orm-crrm? rnn"' vvw JU.VTJJ.ICJ OXlXtVJLVsXJ XVCARE FOR SOLDIERSThe Red Cross Home Service workers are not going to lose sight of anydischarged disabled soldiers, according to a new plan being carried outby Lake Division headquarters,American Red Cross. Here's howthey look care of one Ohio doughboy.Homer Andrews, who had been acoal miner, went over the top in agreat drive and was gassed. - Thepoison affected his lungs. After sixmonths in a hospital in Europe hewas sent back to a hospital in thiscounty, better, but not able to goback to the mine. Red Cross hospital workers sent his name and address to the After-Care Department,Lake Division. Home Service workers in his home town visited hishome, explained his condition to thefamily, and later persuaded Homerto take a course in vocational training offered by the government. Nowhe is well on his way to a new fieldof work where he will be able to earnmore money than he did as a miner.Other boys besides Homer areprofiting by the scheme of co-operationthat has. been worked out between the Red Cross workers of thebase hospitals and Home Serviceworkers in the 269 Red Cross chapters in the Lake Division. Red Crosshospital workers scan the admissionlists and notify headquarters when aman who lives in the Lake Divisionis received at the hospital. This givesthe Home Service workers an opportunity to get acquainted with hisfamily and help them get ready for-Jhis return. A' second notificationgoes out when the man is discharged."Then the Home Service workers areon hand to assist in preparing compensation claims, and advise aboutinsurance jobs, and the training Uncle Sam is anxious to give every disabled man.AN APPETIZING DRINK.Try the new table water, WhiteRock Ginger Ale, ten cents a bottleat James E. Craven's. Appetizingand satisfying. Nothing its equal onthe market. (It).PLENTY OF WAIST-SEAM SUITSWe prepared for the unusual demand and have all the good styles-$25 to $55. -J.W. DAVIS & CO.oHIP! HIP! HURHAH! THE SOLDIER BOYS ARE COMING!v Uncle Sam's Minstrels are coming:everyone of theseboysare Tiardene'dveterans of Pershing's Army, andmany of them have been cited fortheir deeds. The entire tour is for90 days only, and this city is one ofthe ninety that has been fortunateenough to be visited by these distinguished soldiers.The entertainment consists of agrand minstrel, first part; a big allstar vaudeville program and a riproaring military after-piece that issaid to be as funny as anything everwritten in this line. Taking theshow as a whole, it is full of singing,dancing, music, comedy and vividstories of trench life. The musicalend of this program is held up bythe famous 87th Infantry band andJazz orchestra.In many of the cities the boyshave been given receptions and havebeen met at the train by a delegation headed by a band and escortedto the hotel where a banquet awaitedthem. They are shown a good timeeverywhere and crowded housesgreet them every night, and it is certain that the nublic-spirited citizens here will not neglect thewho fought for us.LEVY LEASES LOCATIONLARGELY INCREASINGBUSINESS.boysFORLevy, the Dry Cleaner, has leasedthe building vacated by the ParisRealty Co., and has installed modernmachinery for the handling of allkinds of dry cleaning. Not onlyclothes but rugs, carpets etc., madeto look like new. Prompt attentiongiven all inquiries at office or byphone. (16-3t)A NEW DISCOVERY.Talcumized Sodium Fluoride killspoultry lice both old and young.We have it.OBERODRiFER,(20-2t) The Druggist.oA WONDERFUL SELECTION.A wonderful stock from whichto select Graduation Gifts forgirls and boys.(tf) SHIRE & FITHIAN.oSUNDAY JOYRIDING BRINGS THEUSUAL RESULT.Samuel Sapp, of Maysville, was instantly killed about midnight Saturday when an automobile in which heand four others were Tiding wentover a steep embankment on the Taylor's Mill pike about five miles fromMaysville. Sapp's neck was brokenand his skull fractured. The machineturned completely over. Four otherpersons who were in the car with himescaped without serious injury.William G. Neeper, prominentyoung Brown county, Ohio, stockdealer, was killed instantly Sundayafternoon at the village of Ellisberry,three miles from Maysville, when hisautomobile went over a twelve footbridge embankment and rolled overthree times, landing in the rock bedof a creek. Neeper was crushed almost beyond recognition. Three(children who were in the car withhim escaped with minor scratches.INTERESTING OIL NOTESADD OIL NOTESThe Co-operating Land & Development Company is due in with its No.2 on the Bald Rock Fork tract thisweek.The announcement of the GreaterKentucky Petroleum Company, recently organized by Bourbon countycapitalists, is being awaited withgreat interest. The company has anexcellent territory and fine prospects.It is reported that the BourbonOil and Development Company is tostart work at its No. 2, on the PolkPendleton lease, in Johnson county,which is about two miles below theforks of Paint Creek, and near ElnaPostoffice.Oil. men began their attack on theassessment leases with two suits inthe Wolfe Circuit Court, Saturday,against Sheriff Shiloe Swango andState Auditor R. L. Greene. In oneof them P. J. White alleges that hisoi leases of undeveloped territory arewprth $1,462.25 and have been raisedto $26,565. In the other, the OhioOil Company alleges that its leaseshave been raised from $6,231.40.Both charge that the leases have beenassessed a lump sum. They demandthat each lease held by them be separately assessed.We knew that Bourbon countypeople were getting pretty wellworked up over the oil situation, buthad no idea that oil developmentsin this county had progressed as faras is conveyed in this item, reproduced from "Oil Notes" in the Lexington Leader:"The Buckeye Oil and RefiningCompany, drilling on the JakeMoulder farm, in Bourbon county,has brought in a 150-barrel producerin its No. 6, according to reports received here."A little more information on thesubject would be greatly appreciatedby the general public!"L. Ii. Harris, who calls himself"Old 'Man Harris," arrested early lastweek on the charge of using themails to defraud in connection withan oil promotion scheme, was presented in the Federal Court at Louisville, Saturday, but waived examination and was held to the Octoberterm of court.hw..i uiu Avian nanus, wnu auuuara loeaman of forty or fifty years,came to Kentucky from North Dakota, some six or eight months ago.Since that time he has been active ina number of oil promotionVschemes,is interested in two companies and isthe' editor of the Kentucky Oil Journal, published in Louisville.oSUBSCRIPTIONS TO SOLDIERS'MEMORIAL FUND DUE.All persons havinjssubscriptions tothe Soldiers' Memorial Fund are requested to pay their subscriptions atonce, as these payments are now due.-It is the desire of the committeeto get all money paid at once inorder that they may get to work onthe memorial.Payments should be paid to thetreasurer, John W. Yerkes, at theFarmers and Traders Bank.If not previously paid please giveprompt attention to notices whichwill be mailed in a few days.THE COMMITTEE.oCOTTONSEED MEAL.Swift's Digester Tankage 60Protein for Hogs.Swift's High Grade Fertilizer forTobacco.8-tf ) CHAS. S. BRENT & BR0.A PATRIOTIC WOMAN.Mrs. Robert G-. Stoner, of Mt.Sterling, formerly of Paris, has invited all returned white soldiers ofMotgomery county to spend the afternoon of Thursday. May 22, at"Long Wood," her country place,near Mt. Sterling.Mrs. Stoner is one of Montgomery'smost patriotic women and has beensince the beginning of the war in herwork for the cause. Her entertainment will be in the nature of a "Welcome Home" to the boys.WOOL WANTEDWill pay highest marketprice. Sacks furnished free.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(aprl8-tf)oSOME AUTOS.A Paris citizen told THE NEWSman Sunday that he counted 115autos lined up in the vicinity of thecourt house Saturday afternoon. Hesaid he had not paid a visit of inspection to the rear of the courthouse, or to the side streets, or thecount might .haVe been several hundred more. And the wonder is wherethey all came from!oNEW AUTO OWNERS'.The Goodwin Field Motor Companyof Lexington, reports the sale of aDodge Bros.' touring car to the Bourbon Garage, at Paris. The KinkeadWilson Co.f of Lexington, sold aMitchell touring car to S. C. Bascom,of Millersburg, Kittree & Callowaysold a Chevrolet touring oar to Augustus Wilson,' of near Paris.qOUNCIL OP DEFENSE HISTORICAL CAMPAIGN TO BEGININ JUNE.The Kentucky Council of Defenseis launching a State-wide historicalcampaign for the entire month ofJune. The purpose of this campaignis to interest the public generally inthe historical work which the StateCouncil is now carrying on and tosecure the help necessary to complete this work. 4Kentucky's proud of the partwhich she has played in the WorldWar. Approximately 100,000 of hercitizens have been in the serviceMore than 2,700 of them have losttheir lives in battle or from disease.More than 3,000 have been woundedor gassed in action. More than 150have won the Distinguished ServiceCross, the Croix de Guerre, or theBritish Military Medal, or have beenspecially cited, or promoted, forbravery in battle.The civilian organizations in eachcounty played a most important partin winning the war. They stood solidly behind the fighting forces andmade victory quick and certain.The purpose of the historical workis to make a permanent record ineach county of the part the people ofthat county took in the war, boththrough the fighting forces andthrough the civilian war workersKentucky was one of the firstStates to begin to make a record ofher part in the war. State andcounty historians were appointed inSeptember, 1918, and they have beenhard at work since that time. Threeclasses of work have heen outlinedfor the historians:I. To make individual records ofall Kentuckians in the service duringAmerica's participation in the WorldWar.II. To make records of the activities of the civilians in all kinds ofwar work.II. To collect and preserve otherwar data and records of historicalinterest.In carrying out these lines of workthe historians are calling to their assistance the public-spirited citizensin every community in the State, therelatives of soldiers, the newspapersand all organizations which havetaken part in war work".For compiling individual records' ofall men in the service from Kentuckythe State Historian lias prepared aform of war record sheet, calling forcertain information as to every manin the service, including his name,rank, home address, name and address of his n'earest relatiyemother'smaiden name, "date- of -entrance intoservice, camp where first trainingwas received, branch of service inwhich he was engaged, promotions,casualties, etc.When the war record sheets arefilled out they will be arranged alphabetically, bound In form, andmade a part of the permanent recordof the county.The county historians need theWE KNOW MWBLUESUITSOf Real ValueYOU WILL HND AT OUR STORE SERGE SUITS THiTARE ABSOLUTELY PAST COLOR. NOT THE KIND THATLOSE THEIR SHAPE AND BECOME BAGGY AND TTXPITTING APTER A PEW WEEKS' WEAR. REAL VALUESIN STEIN-BLOCH AND MICHAEL STERNS PINE CLOTHES,AT PRICES WITHIN REACH OP ALL$25.00 to $50.00NOTHING NICER POR SUMMER WEAR THAN A BLUESERGE. WE HAVE MANY DESIRABLE PATTERNS INPANCY SUITINGS BLACK AND WHITE CHECKS, SHEPARD PLAIDS, TANS, GREYS AND PANCY GREENS; SNAPPY STYLES POR THE YOUNG PELLOW PANEL BACK,CLOSE PITTING COATS SLANTING POCKETS, EXTREMEENGLISH CUT TROUSERS.MITCHELL & BLAKEMORENet tie ton ShoesDr. Reed's Cushion Sole ShoesManhattan ShirtsStetson HatsMUST READ AND WRITE TO GETPAROLE GRANTED NOWTo aid the- fight on illiteracy iathis State the State Board of Controlof Charitable and Penal Institutionshas adopted a rule that all inmatesof penal institutions must be able toread and write before their applications for parole will be considered.Moonlight schools have been, established in the penal institutions andrecognizing the good that has "been,accomplished through this medium,the Board entered the followingrule:"Whereas, Kentucky is now en-?gaged in an effort to stamp illiteracy out of the State, and,"Inasmuch as instructors and facilities for teaching are now furnished the inmates of the penal insti-tutions under control, of the board, "and all are given the opportunity tolearn to read and write, it is therefore ordered by the State Board 6tControl, that one of the essentialperquisites to a parole shall be that aprisoner shall be able to read andwrite, and the board therefore adopts -thisrule, that hereafter all inmatesshall be able to read and write bfore their application for parole willbe considered."WOFT MAKE RACE.Mr. W. Logan Shearer, well-knowninsurance man, formerly of Paris,stated Saturday that the report thathe would be a candidate for the Republican nomination for Representative from Fayette county in the nextGeneral Assembly to succeed A. L.Hamilton; is entirely without foundation. - Mr. Shearer says he hasno idea of making the race for thisoffice.oGETS KITCHEN. CABINET PREE;Mr. J. W. Markland, of Millersburg, was the lucky man who secured the handsome McDougall KitcheaCabinet given away by The J. T. Hinton Co. on last Saturday. This is thefifth club closed by this firm. Thesixth is now organizing. Now is thetime to join.assistance of the public generallyand especially of the relatives ofsoldiers, in getting information necessary to fill these war record sheet.It is the duty of every person whohas a relative in the service to seethat fi war record' blank for him. isproperly filled out andnanded to thecounty historian. Blanks should befilled for men now in the service aswell as for those who have been discharged. Historical records of all kinds, programs, rosters, cuppings, songs.poems, addresses, minutes of proceedings, reports of memorial services,etc., should be handed to the countyhistorian for preservation.SERGEI-Vi jcz. -.-M2'fV lh:Aft i-1161 TWOTHE BOUBBON KEWS, PABIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, MAY 20, !!." $'immmfsr"mm .unaLargerPackagesTry this Powdered Soap Today!Grandma's Powdered SoapSaves TIME Saves WORK Saves SOAPYour Grocer Has It!SHE BOURBON NEWSBf&blished 188137 Years of Cortinuou PublicationIPrafcRished Every Tuesday and FridayPer Year. .$2.00 6 Months.. $1.00Payable in Adaranca,IWHT CHAMP. Editor and Owner.gttatordd at the Paris, Kentucky,Foetoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond, Class.)STATION GETS FTESTA big1 blue ribbon was won by theKentucky Experiment Station oneggs exhibited at the 11th AnnualKggr Show at Purdue University,Ittjic.-Two other ribbons, a second anda fourth were captured. These nonets were hard won as six hundredoKen eggs .were entered at this theV-rPSt egg show in the country. TheA'"-' prize wasi won on brown eggsana the second and fourth prizes'treyp taken by the white eggs exhibited, jij-aftOvi CAUSE OF HEADACHEBy knowing the cause,, a diseasea5 often be avoided. Tfcis is particuikrty. true of headache. Thenoflfiycommoxu .cause ot headache is a4iiwr;aere& stomach, or constipation,"which may. be corrected by taking alow.doses of Chamberlain's Tablets.Try it. Many others hare obtainedjrmunent relief by taking thesei&biets. They are easy to take andwild7 and gentle in effect.( may-ad v)J' Biddy Cheeks Sparkling EyesMost Women Can HaveSays Dr. Edwards; a Well-KnowaOhio PhysicianDd F. M. Edwards for 17 years treatedcere of women for liver and bowelDuring these years he gave toiMlllaM votaMa nmM&riionfa mivA1 Iwkh? dive oil, narnmg them Dr. Edwards'WUllUIUnU IVrgWWUJiW lUglWAIWUWJ M.uwa'.(Jk0(rabtets. Yoa will know tnem DJ"t nTf rtinrn wlsvmiflMPEINTTita are wonder-workers on the wrk. Doan's Kidney Pills standKweTwcarrS.this test, and plenty of proof existsctk) carryingoff fee waste and poison- j "f here m l wll t'usmatterm one's system. - titled years ago to relief from back-Kou have a pale face, sallow look, dull1 ache, kidney and urinary disorders,yesT pimples, coated tongue, headaches, a' now give confirmed testimony deiisttess, no-good feeling, all -out of sorts, clare the results have lasted. Howctive bowels, you take one of Dr. 'can any Paris sufferer longer doubtEawiHs Olive Tablets nightly for a time the evidence?and note the pleasing results. - Mrs. J. T. Martin, 1024 Main"Thousands of women as well as men street, Paris, says: "Kidney troubletakeDtv Edwards' Olive Tablets the sue-. came on from a fall and the resultssssfui substitute for "calomel now and were very severe, causing me moreabedJiust to keen in the pink of conditioai suffering than the- fall itself. No36c ?od 25c per box. All druggists.Wilmoth'sFreshHome Baked Breads,Cakes, Pies, Etc.DailyFreshMeats,Roasts,Steaks,Chops, Fancy Goods.FamousI Coffees and TeasWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376A New Way toSave Soapt-iJustatablespoonful of GRANDMA, the wonderful powderedsoap in the water. That takes theplace of all the chipping, slicingpnd rubbing that you do nowwhenever you wash or clean.And. you save soap. You knowjust how much to use.Iin't it simple? What woman wouldput up with the fuss and bother ofbar soap lying around and wastingaway, when she can now baye tbiimarvelous powdered soap,MOVEMENT TO EBECT MONUMENT TO GEO. 0. BARNES.The Stanford Interior-Journal isfathering and fostering a movementto secure funds by popular subscription for the purpose of erecting asuitable marker or monument at thegrave of Rev. Geo. O. Barnes, thebeloved evangelist. "Bro." Barnes,"as he was affectionately known, helda series of meetings in Paris, wherehis memory is still revered by thosewho knew him.In a recent issue The InteriorJournal says:"For years the bodies of Rev.George O. Barnes and his belovedwife have lain in unmarked gravesin the cemetery at Danville. Considering the great amount of goodthat the great evangelist did inleading men and women to betterlives and joining him in his beautiful doctrine that 'God is love andnothing else,' this neglect amountsto a real shame."It must be remedied and thewriter, who knew and loved him,suggests that a sum be raised by private subscriptions sufficient to markin a suitable way the last restingplace of one who in every way appeared to be the chosen of God.Thousands of those who have sat entrained t with, his matchless eloquence in bis Master's cause will, weverily .believe, gladly respond to acall for contributions and the Interior-Journal,which glories over thefact that the good evangelist spentmost of his life here, asks that stepsbe taken at once to raise money toerect a. monument that will show tofuture generations how fondly Bro.Barnes was loved for his unselfishand sacrificing efforts in behalf of sincursed humanity, in pointing it tothe cross of Him who died that we Imay live."We prefer that others may assumethe duty so long neglected of raising the money and trust that stepswill be taken at once by his friendsto organize for the work, but untilit is done, we will gladly receivecontributions to which we will addour own mite in money and publicity. All contributions will be acknowledged in this paper and turnedover to those who may be appointedto take charge of the work thatshould not be a moment longer delayed. Who will be the first to respond?" oWORK THAT TELLS;piPTiv nf Tf. TTnc "Rpmi Done "RiMJOStQ UL P&TlSrTo thoroughly know the virtues ofa medicine you must investigate itsone can ever Know what i wentthrough at that time for I sufferedlawfully. My back ached and pained'until I thought it would break intwo. Sharp twinges shot through mykidneys and if anyone had hit me inthe back with a heavy axe it couldnot have hurt worse. In one weekafter using Doan's Kidney Pills, I feltlike a different woman, for they fixed me up in fine shape." (Statementgiven February 17, 1908.); On November 9, 1916, Mrs. Martinsaid: "Doan's Kidney Pills havemade a cure for me and it has been, permanent."i Price 60c, at all dealers. Don't' simply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Martin had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)There is more Catarrh in this sec-1tion of the country than all otherdiseases put together, and for yearsit was supposed to be incurable. Doctors prescribed local remedies, andby constantly failing to cure withlocal treatment, pornounced it incurable. Catarrh is a local disease,greatly influenced by constitutionalconditions and therefore requiresconstitutional treatment. Hall's Catarrh Medicine, manufactured by F.J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio, is aconstitutional remedy, is taken internally and acts through the bloodon the mucous surfaces of the system. One Hundred Dollars reward isoffered for any case that Hall's Catarrh Medicine fail to cure. Send forcirculars and testimonials.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by Druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for constipation.THE AUROCHS NOW EXTINCT(New York-Herald)The auroch, which formerly roamed over the forests of NorthernEurope, is extinct. Walter Winans,the big game hunter shot a bull withthe record head. The Bolshevikihave exterminated the aurochs as theAmerican buffalo was exterminatedby the skin hunters.At the time Mr. Winans shot thisauroch, in 1913, there were a fewstill living in the great forest of Pilavin, Russian Poland, and he tookcare to shoot only one roque, whichhad been expelled by the herd. Sucha bull kills the young bulls, so ithad to be shot. Mr. Winans is leaving the stuffed' head to the New YorkNatural History Museum in his will.The bull weighed 2,007' pounds andstood nearly seven feet high at theshoulders.The auroch resembles the American buffalo, but was much larger,had no hump and was a redder color.It was very savage.oARRESTED ON THE CHARGE OPSTEALING SAMPLE CASEJoe King, an eighteen-year-oldcolored boy of Millersburg, was arrested and placed in the Lexingtonjail by Lexington police on a chargeof petit larceeny. King is alleged tohave stolen a sample case belongingto a Memphis, Tenn., traveling salesman named W. J. Carroll. After remaining in a cell several hours,King admitted the theft and toldwhere the sample case could befound. He was given thirty days inthe workhouse at Lexington. Thecase contained only samples of rubber stamps, stationery and inks.oPOLITENESS PERSONIFIED"Sorry I gave you the wrong number," said the polite telephoneoperator."Don't mention it," answered theman who has made up his mind notto lose his temper. "I'm sure thenumber you gave me was much better than the one I asked for. Onlyit just happened I wasn't able touse it."And then the office cat fell overwith a gasp, the wires gave a sigh,the switchboard tumbled down, andthe polite man woke up to find thewhole darned thing was just adream!oSays Everybody Bothered Like SheWas Should Give Meritonea Trial."Before taking Meritone my healthwas so bad that I didn't feel like doing my work at all," said Mrs. CarrieCrow, of 749 West Main street, Lexington, Ky., "but it is a pleasure tome now.""For a whole year I was botheredwith my kidneys. I was so restlessat night that I would hardly sleepand I got so nervous that the leastnoise would get me excited. Myback hurt me all the time.Appetite Poor."My appetite was verymy stomach was in badpoor andconditionalso."My health was run down so thatmy work got to be a burden."Finally, I started taking Meritone and I am happy to say that ithas put my kidneys back in fine condition and I can sleep soundly allthrough the night."My appetite is great and I can eatanything without any pain or troublefrom my stomach afterward."My work is a pleasure to me -now-Everybody bothered like I wasshould give Meritone a trial."Meritone, the tonic of real merit,is sold exclusively by G. S. Varden& Son.oDR. TUFTS TO DELIVER BACCALAUREATE SERMON ATSTATE.James Hayden Tufts, of Chicago,has accepted the invitation of theUniversity of Kentucky to deliver tliebaccalaureate sermon to the class of1919 at the University on Sunday,June 15, in Chapel.Dr. Tufts has been for thirty-fiveyears connected with college anduniversity work, having graduatedfrom Amherst University in 1884,with the degree of A. B. He has anA. M. degree from the same university and a degree of B. D. from Yale.Later he was given a degree of LL.D.by Amherst. He has studied in theuniversities of Berlin and Heidlebergholding the degree of Ph.D. from thelatter university.He was editor of the InternationalJournal of Ethics published in 1944.He has not sent the subject of hisaddress to the university.Death's Sting.One of the tragedies of death Is thatthe man never knows the glory ofhis obituary notices.SHEEP SHEARING SUSPENDED. ON ACCOUNT OF COLD.On account of cold rains and temporarily low temperature sheepshearing which was well under wayfor a few days, was temporarily suspended, but will be resumed soon.Farmers arje paying shearers fifteencents each where the fleece is takenoff by hand, and twenty cents byclippers. Wool dealers are willing topay from fifty cents to fifty-five centsper pound with many farmers notdisposed to sell. The wool so far received by the dealers is being storedin sacks in the warehouses. Thewool ,is said to be of a good quality.WORK PLEASUREFOR HER NOWWTH FINGERS!CORNS LIFT OUTFreezone is magicl Corns todcalluses lift right offDoesn't hurt a bitr 'I I M MI SJ 4 f -vvPay K CA few cents buys a tiny bottle ofthe magic Freezone at any drugstore. Apply a few drops of Free-zone upon a tender, aching corn ora callus. Instantly that troublesomecorn or callus stops hurting, thenshortly you lift it out, root and all,without any pain, soreness or irritation. These little bottles of Freezone contain just enough to rid thefeet of every hard com, soft corn,corn between the toes and the calluses on bottom of feet. So easy!So simple! Why wait? No humbug!(adv)oACREAGE DOUBLED.The acreage planted to tomatoesfor canning is increasing each year.The crop of 1916 was nearly doublethat of the year before, and sincethen the increase has been verygreat. Canning factories are developing in many portions of the Stateand especially in those sections wheretobacco cannot be grown successfully. Of course, tomatoes do notbring the big sums per acre whichtobacco has been paying; but itshould be borne in mind that thecrop is harvested and paid for beforelate autumn. Growers who understand the growing of tomatoes cansecure at least ten tons of friut tothe acre, which means ?140 to $180for a summer crop which does notsap the land of Its strength. Circular No. 71, "Growing the Tomato"has just been prepared by the College of Agriculture at Lexington.It goes to anyone who writes for it.Auto For SaleOne Metz five-passenger touringcar. Has electric lights and electric.starter. The car is in A-l condition.OAKLAND MOTOR CAR CO.East Tenth St, Paris, Ky.(16-3t) ,OLD MAN HARRISEditor of the Kentucky Oil Journalof Louisville, has mane scores of hisreaders from $100 to $800 on "insidetips" on oil and mining stocks tellswhat is good, buys, and what is badfree to his subscribers only. Sample copy free. Map of Kentucky oilfields 166x25 inches wash drawingand a beauty free 'to agents whowill take subscriptions for me amongtheir friends. The Journal is 16pages, illustrated, now $2 per year,soon $5. 411-12 Inter SouthernBuilding, Louisville, Ky.(8apr-tf-T)Health Board Notice.Property owners are hereby notified to put all cesspools, privies andvaults in good sanitary condition atan early date as possible. CallCumberland phone 515 and leave orders for Ben Hawkins, or see him inperson.It is with much difficulty that aman capable or willing to do suchwork can be found and the people ofthis community may congratulatethemselves upon the privilege of securing his services at this time.Hawkins will remain in Paris but ashort while. The Board can not urgeupon the property owners too strongly the importance of complying withthis order.A. H. KELLER,City Health Officer.By Order Board of Health.(9-4t)From County to County tn15 Minutes ByTRACTION EXPRESSKy. Traction & TerminalCo..DTTERURBAN SCHEDULECARS LEAVELexinsrtom ForParisA. M. 6.00xA. M. 7:20A. M. 8:50A. M. 10:20A. M. 11.50Paris ForLexingtonA. M. 6:45A. M.A. M.7:15x8:159:45i A. M.A. M. 11:15P. M. 12:45P. M. 2:15P. M. 3:45P. M. 5:15P. M. 6:50P.- M. 8:15P. M. 10:05except Sunday.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.1:202:504:206:007:209;1011:00(x) DailyKENTUCKY TRACTION AND TERMINAL COMPANYAuto For SaleThree-passenger Studebaker roadster, good as new. Will demonstrateit. Call Cumberland Phone 552.(13-tf) S. E. McCLANAHAN.Alfalfa and Stock FarmsIn the famous black, paririe belt ofNortheast Mississippi, ranging from50 to 200 acres;Write for literature and prices.MISSISSIPPI FARM SALESAGENCY,Columbus, Miss.(tilU3june)The J. W. BrownRealty Co.Masonic Temple. 211 Main Street,Paris, Kentucky.List your Farms and City Propertywith us. Call on us if you have anything to dispose of at Public Auction.E. T. Phone 831. (tf)We are Agents forthe FamousStop in and get aFREE BOOKLETabout the styles.TWIN BROS.Department Store7th and Main Paris, Ky.&&&& && afti ' -Tr l!I wi " Iii'ip' dressktANNUAL OPENINGGraham Springs HotelHarrodsburg, KentuckyThursday Evening, May 29, 1919Supper 6 to 9SpecialMuiiiitMiMU'ii'iMMiiiiiiiinHinmiThe J. T.UNDERTAKERSAND EMBALMMRSMainand SixthStreetsParis-t CJ. J.ZMotor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with our . tLimousine invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeralft I 1tH HHMHMli H l'i't I 1 1 1 1 ! I i HFOR RENT.House, stable, garden and cow lot,on Cypress street. Immediate possession. (29-tf) DR. F. P. CAMPBELL.Anything In Your Eye?Many people who come to us forexamination imagine there is someforeign substance in their eyes.It is hard to convince them, sometimes, that these gritty, sandy,scratching, irritating conditions aresymptoms and effects due to refractory errors which usually can. he coi--I reeled by the wearing of properly flt-out of your eyes.Dr. Wm. Riley FranklinSuite 205-6 First National BX,Boti Phones, . Paris, Ky.Margolen'sSanitary Meat MarrketHOMEKILLEDMEATSVeal BeefPork LambIt's theTo Be HadMARGOLEN'SSanitary Meat Market" Dancing 9 to 2MusicHinton Co. IKv ' N.rr? m J-lJ or Home 286purposes only.TViyfII? "Hi.- f wi-eJX i '"V t ?Only5DaysLeft!THEParokenOilk(INCORPORATED)PARIS, KENTUCKYANNOUNCEMENTThe 50c Issue of Stock Will Close OnSaturday, May 24th, 1919First Subscriptions received first acceted. No stock sold afterthis issue for less than par valueS1.00The Reasons, 1. The rapid subscription by the public.2. The recent subscription by the Directors and otherstockholders to a large block of this issue.3. The completion of the first offset well at an early date.The ResultOnly a few more shares of the 50c issue. You can getthem NOW!The Parboken Oil Co.OFFICERSPRESIDENT, J AMES CALDWELL TREASURER, C K. THOMASVICE PRESIDENT, DR. J. M. WILLIAMS SECRETARY, 0. T. HINTONFIELD MANAGER, CAPT. WILLIAM COLLINSJ. M. CALDWELL .WOODFORD BUCKNEREDSELL CLARKDIRECTORSDR. J. M. WILLIAMSE- T. HINTONJNO. WOODFORDR. F. CLENDENINO. T. HINTONA. B. HANCOCKSAM HARDINGj ..'r.STOCK SUBSCRIPTIONThe Parboken Oil Companyi ;; (Incorporated)Paris, KentuckyI hereby subscribe for shares of the capital stock to be issued by thePARBOKEN OIL CO., at the price of 50 cents per share, fully paid and non-assessable. The totalamount hereby subscribed being $ which amount is tendered herewith in Mlpayment of this subscription.Dated this day of 1919.SignedAddress ........Checks payable to C. K. Thomas, Treasurer, must accompany this subscription.1 i V$t -s ,' . ' i i-N0- i1,1 s, I'J. .'I?-SfiVM-"lt.ftmPifiETOUlTHE BOURBON HEWS, PAEIS, KEHTUCKYTUESDAY, MAY 20, 1913.XECTDBEB SAYS CHRISTIAN SCIENCE OVERCOMES DISEASEThe Rev. Andrew C. Graham,Christian. Science lecturer, who spokeon "Christian. Science, the Vision ofJesus Christ," at the Woodland Auditorium, in Lexington, declared thatChristian Science healing was theovercoming: of disease by the methods of Jesus in understanding: andutilizing the infinite power of God.The results differ from those broughtabout by other methods in that theyare moral as well as physical, andmore complete, satisfactory and en-i during, he said.The following Paris people heardu Dr. Graham's lecture: Mrs. L. Salo-shin, Mrs. L. Wollstein, Mr. and Mrs.' Gus Margolen, Mrs. Bridges, Mr. andMrs. H. S. Towler, Mr. and Mrs. JohnDotv. Mr. and Mrs. Fred Weckesser,Miss Emma Lou "Scott, Mrs. Camay"Watson Baird and Mrs. Mary Honey.FOR GRADUATES.The House of Quality forGraduation Gifts.(tf) SHIRE & FITHIAN.FOR SALEA 9x12 reversible rug, practicallynew. Call 823 Cumberland Phone.WANTEDStenographer and Bookkeeper.Apply by letter only.GREATER KENTUCKY PETROLEUM CO., Inc.(tf) 41S Main St., Paris, Ky.WANTEDFive good hustlers, men or women,to sell oil stock in Paris and Bourbon county.GREATER KENTUCKY PETROLEUM CO., Inc.(tf) 418 Main St., Paris, Ky.WantedClerksThe Government needs 4,000 clerksfor census $100 month. Examinations soon. Age requirements, 18 orover. For free particulars, write J.C. Leonard, (former Civil Service Examiner) 945 Equitable Building,Washington, D. C. (20-2t-pd)Do You WantTo Save$10 to $15?For ten days we areofferingYOUNG MEN'SWAIST-LINE SUITSFor$22.50to$25.00Value $30.00 to $35.00.See window and then comein.L Wollstein619 Main St Paris, Ky.(may20-4t)I SiurtonsI Confectionery StoreSuccessor to Adami & SantL1lAGENT TOR M. IBOLDMANUEL, COUNSELOR,AND SONADA CIGARSIAdami's Famous Recipe for.. making delicious Ice Cream,Jil Soda Water and MixedI , Drinks still used.Bulk Ice Cream:: (Made from Pure Cream)1 delivered for home use.I Fancy Ices for PartiesHIGH CLASS BOXI CANDIES.a1FsrthelEST.SttUs,FRANK BURTONXMXHXHXKXKX'a.-tfIN THE SERVICE OF THEIRCOUNTRY.Ensign Jay Petree, who has beenattached to the Naval Air Station atPensacola, Florida, is a guest of hisaunt, Dr. Martha Petree. He willreturn to his home in Oregon, Mo.,this week, at the conclusion of hisvisit.Mr. Forrest Fightmaster, formerlymanager of a garage at North Middletown, who has been in the servicefor several months, has received hisfinal discharge papers and returnedhome.Mr. Everette Haddock, recently returned from overseas, where he hasbeen in Uncle Sam's service inFrance, was a recent guest of hisaunt, Mrs. E. L. Stone, in Paris,while en route to his former home inJackson, Ky.Private Albert Johnson, formerlyof Paris and North Middletown, recently honorably discharged fromthe army service, has returned to hisformer home near North Middletown,to remain. He recently arrived inthis country, after having been inactive service in France for tenmonths.Mr. J. W. Young, of near NorthMiddletown, is in receipt of a message from New York announcing thesafe arrival there of his son, StanleyYoung. Private Young is a memberof the 160th Regiment, Field Artillery, 78th Division, and was in overseas service in France for severalmonths. He has gone to Camp Taylor, where he will receive his finaldischarge papers.Henry J: Groshe, of Paris, receiveda big bunch of letters and postcardsat the local postoffice yesterday, fromhis brother, Leo J. Groshe, who hasbeen in France for several months.Leo arrived at Camp Zachary Taylorlast week from overseas, where hewill remain until receiving his finaldischarge papers. The postcards represented several months of industrious efforts on the part of youngGrosche in collecting them as souvenirs of his visits to France, England,Italy, Belgium, Germany, and otherplaces in the war-torn countries ofEurope.Capt, Thos. Holt, of Grand Rapids,Mich., is a guest of his uncle, Mr. J.Harry Holt, near this city, and otherrelatives in the city and county.Capt, Holt recently received his finaldischarge from the service. Soon after enlisting he received promotion.Upon reaching the war zone he wasassigned to the Field Artillery of theSecond Division, and went throughall the battles with that famous organization, without receiving asmuch as a slight wound. This division was in the thickest of the fighting from June 2 to the cessation ofhostilities preceding the signing orthe armistice, with only eight daysin the so-called rest camps .Honoring the memory of Elgin RayDalzell, son of Mr. and Mrs. C. H.Dalzell, who died in. the Navy Hospital at Philadelphia last fall of influenza, memorial services were heldrecently in the parsonage of theChristian church, at Little Rock,this county. A short programwas rendered, the congregation of the church sang "America"and the poem written by Mr. WardRussell for the occasion, was read bythe author. After the pronouncingof the benediction, the assembly adjourned to the church yard, where atree was planted in memory of youngDalzell.James Ellis, known among hisfriends and associates more familiary as "Tobe," son of Mr. and' Mrs.Tobe Ellis, returned to his home inthis city, a few days ago, after having received an honorable dischargefrom the service at Camp Taylor.Ellis recently returned to Americaafter an overseas service in Franceof one year. He was reported as having been killed at the same time thatPrivate James E. Cain, of Paris, methis death. He was a member of theTwelfth Field Artillery, of the Second Division, and was in the battleat Soissons, Terence, in which BishopBatterton, of Paris, was badlywounded by German sharpshooters,from the effects of which he died thefollowing day in a French hospital.The discharged members of theUnited States Marines from thiscounty have, in common with theother members of the corps, beencalled upon by George Barnett, Ma-jor-GeneralCommander of the Marine Corps, to pay tribute on Memorial Day, Friday, May 30, to "themarines who in Belleau "Wood, Chateau-Thierrysector fought and bledand died in order that glorious traditions of the Marine Corps mightlive unsullied and untarnished."This day will be just one year afterthe evening of the thirtieth of May,1918, when orders were received bythe Marines to entrain for the taskwhich they. began and so gloriouslyfinished at Chateau-Thierry.Among the thirty-three woundedand sick soldiers who arrived atCamp Zachary Taylor, Tuesday, fromoverseas service, was Private Leo J.Grosche, of Paris, who had been inthe railway telegraphic service withthe Anierjcap. Expeditionary -Forces,in France. Private Grosche wrotehis brothers in1 this' city that he wasin the Base Hospital at'.Camp. Taylor,"but that he hoped not to remainthere very long. The only otherfrom this section was George Gordon,of Lexington. None of the men areseriously wounded or seriously ill.They will be mustered out of the service as soon as they are sufficientlyrecovered.One of the latest arrivals in theold home town for a few days' visitwas private Lyons Board, formerly ofParis and Louisville, from whichplace he enlisted in the service. Private Board was a member of theJUDGE HOWARD CORRECTS REGARDING NEW YORK SUITSome time ago THE NEWS received a copy of the Commercial and Financial World, published in NewYork, containing on its news page aheavily-marked article regarding asuit which Judge H. Clay Howard,of this city, had instituted againsta banking firm of New York, Breitung & Co. THE NEWS, seeing nothing in the item but a news feature,published it, without a suspicionthat it was "inspired" by one of theparties interested. Judge Howardgives us his side of the story, as follows: "Editor BOURBON NEWS:"Your paper published what, purported to be a New York article concerning my suit against the Breitung Company. It states that thecourt dismissed the suit; that 'afterthe trial, the court held that JudgeHoward had failed to offer reasonableproof of his claim;' that 'He,(Breitung), is about the last man inthe world to resist a just claim, buthe knew that Judge Howard had noshadow of right on his side, andthat the courts would so decide.'"This statement is unfair, and isincomplete in that it suppresses thefact that I was awarded a judgmentfor about nine thousand dollars,($9,000,000), including interest andcosts, which the Breitung Companyhad owed me since 1915, for salary,and for moneys paid out by me."The case had previously beentaken to the New York Court of Appeals by Breitung & Company upon aquestion involving the validity andconstruction of the contract sued on.That court decided that, in forfeitingthe contract I had obtained fromPeru, the company had destroyed myinterest in it, and that they Avere responsible to me for its value, in damages, in not performing the contractit had accepted with Peru. The casewas then remanded to the SupremeCourt, which corresponds to our Circuit Court, for trial. This construction of the contract confirmed theopinion of my attorneys from the beginning, and thereafter all concurredthat they could see no defense thatcould prevent their recovery of alarge verdict. Judge Alton B. Parker was my chief counsel, assisted byformer United States Attorney, Hon.Snowden Marshall Without intending to reflect upon the court, in anyway, my attorneys were of the opinion that they were prevented, by thecourt's rulings, from presenting thecase, except in part, and by theserulings, the case did not go to thejury on the question of damages."Yours truly,"H. CLAY HOWARD."LEVY LEASES LOCATION EORLARGELY INCREASINGBUSINESS.Levy, the Dry Cleaner, has leasedthe building vacated by the ParisRealtv Co.. and has installed modernmachinery for the handling of allkinds of dry cleaning. Not onlyclothes but rugs, carpets etc., madeto look like new. Prompt attentiongiven all inquiries at office or byphone. (16-3t)Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanMEETING TO-BAY TO BOOM Y. M.C. A. WORK.A meeting will be held at the localY. M. C. A. to-day for the purpose ofcompleting the organization of a district composed of ten counties for future betterment and growth of activity in Y. M. C. A. work. The counties comprising the district are Harrison, Bourbon, Nicholas, Montgomery,Robertson, Mason, Fleming, Powell,Bath and Menifee. The organizationwill supervise all the Y. M. C. A.work in .its respective districts. Representatives from all the countieswill be present, with Mr. Philo C.Dix, of Louisville, Senior Secretary ofthe Kentucky Y. M. C. A. and L. F.Zerfoss, of Lexington, District Secretary, in attendance.110th Field Signal Corps, familiarlyreferred to as "The Suicide Club,"on account of their being assigned toduty on the extreme outposts in timeof war. The 110 th was a part of theThirty-fifth Division, which saw .ninemonths active field service in France.Mr. Board has received his honorable discharge at Camp Taylor lastTuesday and came to Paris on a combined business and. pleasure trip. Hewill return to Louisville to make hisfuture home.Harry Horton has returned toParis from a Southern camp, wherehe had been stationed for some time.He has received his final dischargepapers and will remain in Paris permanently. Private Andrew Jackson. Turney,just from the ranks, arrived in Paris,(Ky.), Friday night, after having received his honorable discharge fromthe service at Newport News, Va."Genial Jack" received a warm welcome from his old friends and acquaintances. "Jack" says the finestthing he saw was the shores ofAmerica as the big convoy drew inclose to Newport News.Lieut Roland E. Parkard, of Boston, Mass., and Private Gerlach, ofCelina, Ohio, are guests at the homeof Mr. arid Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft,on Second street. They were members of Company K., 166th Infantry,of the Rainbow Division, commandedby Capt. Reuben Hutchcraft, at thetime he met his death in battle. Private Gerlach was the seventh man toreach Capt. Hutchcraftfs side afterhe was killed, and brought his bodyback to camp. In making the attempt to bring the body off' Capt.Hutchcraft in three men were killedand three were seriously wounded, 'Private Gerlach making the seventhand successful attempt.Greater KentuckyPetroleum Co.Capital Stock ... $1,000,000BLUE GRASS OIL EXCHANGE- IncorporatedSelling Agents418 Main Street Paris, KentuckyStyle, Yalue, TarietyThey Are All HereV" a,-Saaarirv;mpv&& ftBBBBBRiB9aBBBBBBBBBBBavl'''IIlllllllllHflHflBRffiiiiiiVHSllllHfHEPS! 'I.IHffii!.H'iifPifIf R'OvRfi Hitf HI7th and MainIncorporatedFar ValueTo give you a little more style, more value andand more things to choose from than any oneelse that's what we are here for.Hart Schaf ner & Marx andKirschbaum ClothesFor Men and Young MenThere isn't any better way to make friendsthan to see good clothes and you can find thatkind of clothes in Hart Schafner & Marx andKirschbaum Clothes. You'll not find smarter stylesanywhere than right here, nor will you findbrighter patterns or better fabrics. You can findmore style, more clothes satisfaction and morevalue here than elsewhere. . : .Men's and Young Men's Clothes$12.50 to $45.00OFF WITH THE FELTON WITH THE STRAWDon't be backward come in and select thatStraw Hat to-day. We are ready with completelines of Sennett and Split Straws, Panamas andLeghorns. All new styles and prices right.R. P. WALSHOne-Price StoreParis, Ky.n.XoTUESDAY, MAY 20, 1919.THE B0UBB0N NEWS, PABI5, KEBnJCr?PAGIHflSOCIAL ASTD PERSONAL.ikk;EX!!2HHXi131t06f OR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEFOR GRADUATION GIFTS.Nifty novelty goods for graduation. (tf) SHIRE & FITHIAN.oA NEW DISCOVERY.Talcumized Sodium Fluoride killspoultry lice both, old and young.We have it.OBERODRFER,(20-2t) Tne druggist.oCONFEDERATE PENSION CHECKSChecks amounting to $86,000 wererecently mailed to Confederate pensioners by State Commissioner' ofPensions W. G. Stone. There arenow 2,475 names on- the pensionrolls. Among the names added tothe roll since the last payment werethose of Martin Bowles and Jane E.Neal, of Millersburg.. oSTREETS RECEIVE SECOND BAPTISM OF OIL.The city street cleaning department was busy yesterday spreadingthe second coating of oil an thestreets in the residential section ofthe city. The oil, while the despairof the householders, is a joy otherwise, as it tends to keep down thedust, which is at all times an unmitigated nuisance.oWHITE ROCK GINGER ALE.The new and popular Ginger Alea wonderful tonic, America'sgreatest table water, ten cents perbottle at(It) JAS. E. CRAVEN'S.. oWOOL WANTED.We pay market price for yourwool. Sacks ready. We receivewool at both our North Middletown and Paris warehouses.CLARKE & YOUNG.(apr22-tf)o-MASTER'S SALE 0E CITY PROPERTY. Auctioneer M. F. Kenney sold Saturday at the court house door forMaster Commissioner 0. T. Hinton,the Mrs. Mabel Frank residence,located at the 'corner of Broadwayand High streets, to Mr. John T.Collins, for $8,375.At the same time and place he soldfor Master Commissioner Hinton theMay Moore property, located onHigh, street, between Sixth and Seventh, to W. Ed. Tucker, for ?2,525.oWHY NOT TRY A DAVIS SUIT.If you are looking for quality inclothes $25 up.J. W. DAVIS & CO.oATTENTION! KNIGHTS OFCOLUMBUS.Every Knight should have acharm, button or stick pin. Seeour beautiful line before buying. Any special design madeup at your suggestion.THE A. J. WINTERS CO.(may6-tf)oPYTHIAN SISTERS INSTALLATION. At the meeting of the PythianSisters auxiliary of the Knights ofPythias held in Pythian lodge roomin the Wilson building, the following recently elected officers were installed, to serve for the ensuingterm:Mrs. Martha Gardner, M. E. C;Mrs. Alice Carmichael, E. S.; Mrs.Julia Canal, E. J.; Mrs. Laura Peterson, Guard; Mrs. Harold Roberts,Protector; Mrs. Ida Snyder, M. of It.and S.; Miss Beatrice Fuller, M. ofF.; Mrs. Jessie Ogle, Trustee.Meetings will be held every second and fourth Friday night. Everymember is requested to be present atthese meetings. Mrs. Julia Cahalhas been appointed Representativeto the Grand Lodge.oTENNESSEE STRAWBERRIESWe are receiving fine strawberriesdirect from the patch every day.They are guaranteed to be fresh.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.LEVY LEASES LOCATION FORLARGELY INCREASINGBUSINESS. vLevy, the Dry Cleaner, has leasedthe building vacated by the ParisRealty Co., and has installed modernmachinery for the handling of allkinds of dry cleaning. Not onlyclothes but rugs, carpets etc., madeto look like new.. Prompt attentiongiven all inquiries at office or byphone. (16-3t)STOLEN AUTO RECOVEREDThe Ford machine belonging toMr. T. F. Fuller, a tenant on thefarm of Mr. Virgil Gaitskill, nearParis, which was taken from nearthe L. & N. passenger station, wherethe owner had left it, was recoveredin East Paris, Saturday, by Chief ofPolice Link. The machine, whichbore the license tag 47063, had beenleft standing on the side of the streetin East Paris.Chief Link was of the opinion thatthe machine had been taken by someboys who had "been attending a danceat Carlisle, who abandoned it ontheir return. A reward of $25 forrecovery of the machine had beenoffered by the owner, Mr, Fuller, whowas notified and come to Paris anreturned home with his car, whichhe says, he will lash to a telephonepole with barbed wire next time heleaves it alone.Comings and Goings of OutPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mr. Leon Elder, of Richmond,was a guest last week of friends inParis.Mrs. J. C. Martin, of Cynthiana,is visiting her daughter,-Mrs. T. C.Whaley, in East Paris.Mr. Stanley Dickson, of Paris,was a guest of friends in Danville,Friday, for the Beta Theta dance.Mrs. W. B. Taylor, guest of Mr.and Mrs. H. B. Towler, on Scott avenue, has returned to her home inBowling Green.Rev. C. H. Spann has returnedto his home in Grand Rapids, Michigan, after spending some time withfriends in this city.Miss Ada Biven has closed theschool term at the Stony Pointschool, and returned to her home forthe vacation season.Miss Gertrude Bramel has closed her school at New Liberty, Ky.,and returned to Paris to spend hervacation with relatives.Mr. and Mrs. Harold Johnson,and daughter, of Columbus, Ohio,are guests of Mr. W. H. H. Johnsonand family, on Second street.Misses Alice Mae Steeger andElise Kidd, of Frankfort, were guestsSunday and Monday of Mr. and Mrs.Swift Champ, on Pleasant street.Judge and Mrs. Robert Winn, ofMt. Sterling, were week-end guests atthe home of Mrs. Winn's parents, Mr.and Mrs. Jesse Turney, -near Paris.Mayor E. B. January attendedthe recent meeting of the ExecutiveBoard of the Odd Fellows' Widowsand Orphans Home, held in Lexington. Mr. and Mrs. Stanhope Wiedemann have as guest at their homenear Paris, Mr. Wiedemann's uncle,Mr. Stanhope Wiedemann, of Piqua,Ohio.Mr. and Mrs. Hugh Adkins andchildren, of Mt. Sterling, and Mr. andMrs. Evans, of North Middletown,were the guests of Mrs. Wm. Tarr,Sunday.Mr. I. F. McPheeters, who hasbeen a patient at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, has recovered sufficiently to return to his homein South Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Thos. Prather andlittle daughter, Miss Virginia, havereturned from a visit to Mrs. Prather's sister, Mrs. Thos. Medlin, inMiddletown, Ohio.Mrs. Frederick Wallis, of NewYork, formerly Miss Nannine Clay,of Paris, is a guest of her parents,Mr. and Mrs. Thos. Henry Clay, Sr.,on Pleasant street.Miss Emma Wupperman, whohas been the guest of Mr. and Mrs.James Thompson, near Paris, for several weeks, has returned to her homeat St. Petersburg, Florida.Mr. Frank Ireland, a formerParisian, has returned to his home inBeaumont, Texas, after a visit to hissister, Mrs. Mary Ireland Davis, andother relatives, in this city.Mrs. Robert Penn and son,Stanley, and little granddaughter,Mary Emily Cockrell, have returnedfrom a visit to Mrs. George Grinstead, near Waco, Madison county.Miss Mary Dan Harbison andCapt. Robert Harbison, with Mr.Nelson Weeden as pianist, will givea recital Friday night in the auditorium of the Mt. Sterling HighSchool.Mrs. Gertrude Smoot will moveto-day to Corbin to reside. Her son,Mr. Madison Smoot, is located in thatplace as time-keeper in the MasterMechanics' office in. the Louisville &Nashville yards.Miss Corinne Allen, guest of heruncle and aunt, Mr. and Mrs. E. B.Allen, and Dr. and Mrs. A. B. Coons,guests of Mr. and Mrs. L. H. Bryan,in North Middletown, have returnedto their home in Georgetown.Mr. Henry S. Nippert, of Chattanooga, Tenn., is'a guest of hisbrother, Mr. Phil Nippert. Like allthe "old-timers," "Dick" thoroughlyenjoys revisiting the old home townand mingling with old friends;Mr. and Mrs. T. C. Whaley entertained at dinner Sunday, Mrs. J. C.Martin, Mr. and Mrs. Case Martin,Mr. and Mrs. J. Morgan Martin, anddaughter, Miss Mahala Childers Martin, of Cynthiana, Mr. and Mrs. J. M.Booker, of Boyd.Mr. Perry J . McCord, GrandPatriarch of the I. O. O. F., left yesterday for Russellville and Lewisburg, on lodge business. From therehe goes to Providence, to presideover the meeting of the State encampment, which will be in sessionthere to-day.Mr. George Sehon, Superintendent of the Kentucky Childrens' Homeat Louisville, has returned to. hishome in that city after a visit toSquire and Mrs. John J. Redmon,near North Middletown. Mr. Sehonwas one of the guests at the NorthMiddletown Fishing Club's fish fry.Mrs. D. B. Joseph, of Cincinnati,is a guest of her mother, Mrs. LouisSaloshin and family, on Pleasantstreet. Mrs. Joseph will remainhereduring the absence of her husband,who is traveling for a large NewYork mercantile concern, and whowill join her for a visit about July 1.Mr. and Mrs. Harry Ogle willleave for New York, Thursday, to bepresent at the marriage of their relative, Mr. Tully Orville Buckner,formerly of this county, to Miss MayElinore Woodward, which will takeplace in Taylor Chapel, BroadwayTabernacle, on Saturday, May 24.Mrs. Wm. J. Walsh, of Paris, attended the commencement exercisesof the St. Agnes Academy, . in Indianapolis, Ind. Her niece, MissAlice Constance Carton, who will beremembered as her pleasant guesthere on several occasions, was one ofthe graduates. Miss, Carton is president of the class of '19 and an honorpupil of the institution.Mrs. Clarence Lebus, of Lexington, and Miss Kate Alexander, ofParis, left Saturday morning forNew York. They will meet Mrs.Roger Williams, Sr., there and willremain for a week or ten days, inthe meantime waiting with Mrs. Williabs for the arrival of Capt. andMrs. Roger .Williams, Jr., fromFrance, who are now en route overseas. Mr. Russell T. Spratt, of Cincinnati, is a guest of Paris relatives.Miss Mary Ellis left yesterdayfor a visit to friends in Memphis,Tennessee.Miss Mattie McClure is at homefrom Midway, where she has been attending school.Mrs. M. E. McCurdy left Saturday for a visit to relatives in Talladega, Alabama.Mrs. George Alexander, ofPiqua, Ohio, is-a guest of friends andrelatives in this city.Mr. A. L. Burley is visiting hisdaughter, Miss Emma Louise Burley,at Wyandotte, Mich.Mr. Wm. C. Dodson, of Paris,was a visitor in Mt. Sterling severaldays last week, on business.Mr. Wm. H. McMillan, who is apatient at the Massie Memorial Hospital, was reported last night as being slightly improved.Mr. A. J. Miller, of Winchester,District Manager of the CumberlandTelephone Company, was a businessvisitor in Paris yesterday'.Mr. Nat C. Rogers arrived Saturday from the Confederate Home atPewee Valley, for an extended visitto relatives in this city and county.Mrs. J. G. Hanly, formerly ofParis, is a guest of Paris relatives,coming here from Mt. Sterling, whereshe has been a guest of Mrs. B. F.Dorsey.Mr. and Mrs. Frank P. Kiserleft yesterday for Rochester, Minn.,where Mr. Kiser will consult MayoBros., at the Mayo Hospital, in regard to his case.Judge Charles A. McMillan leftyesterday for Owensboro, to attendthe annual Conclave of the StateKnight Templars, as representativefrom Couer de Lion Commandery No.26, of Paris.The United Commercial Travelers' Column of the Sunday LexingtonLeader, has the following:"H. A. Hamilton, representing thePower Grocery Co., of Paris, was seenlast week and reports a good business." Mrs. Abram Rosenbaum anddaughter, Miss Hortense, and Mrs.Max Straus, who have been guests ofMr. and Mrs. William Shire, for several days, returned Saturday to theirrespective homes in New York andCincinnati.Mrs. C. P. Bales has as guestsher sisters, Mrs. R. L. Zimmerman,of Lexington, and Mrs. H. B. Thomas,and daughter, Miss Sarah StoneThomas, of Dayton, Ohio. Dr.Thomas arrived yesterday from Dayton to be a guest of Mrs. Thomas andMrs. Bales.THE WEEK'S WEATHERJThe weather forecast for the week,as sent out by the U. S. WeatherBureau at Washington yesterday, isas follows:Normal and mild temperature withlocal showers first part of week andFridayand Saturday.Rains were generaL and quiteheavy during the past week overpractically the entire State. Theywere excessive and caused someflooding of lowlands, consequentdamaging crops in the flooded area.Corn planting and farm work generally was hindered. About half of thecorn crop has been planted; but mostreports are to the effect that it iscoming up poorly. The condition ofwinter wheat continues to be verygood. Unseasonably low temperature, too much rain and lack of sunshine during the past week gave conditions generally unfavorable to mostof the crops, but especially to gardentruck. The condition, however, ofpotatoes, rye, oats, pastures andmeadows continue generally good.oASK FOR BITTER'S SALT RISINGBREAD.When you go to your grocer ordealer ask them for Ritter's salt rising breads a local food made fromchoice pure materials.RITTER'S BAKERY.(25apr-12-t)Z. oLIVELY SESSION ANTICIPATE!);;At the next regular meeting of the'Paris City Council, on Thursdaynight, May 22, a. lively session is anticinated. At the last meeting Coun-!ci?man John Merringer gave noticethat he would call up his brick streetproposition and would ask Council topass an ordinance providing for suchstreets. Opponents of the measureaav they will have read and willoffer an amendment proposing a formof street surfacing to be decided uponby the people and providing that thecity pay one-third the cost of construction, whereas the Merringer ordinance proposes that the entire costof construction shall be .paid by 'thecitizens.IMONEY EIGHT IN YOUR HANDFOR EGGS, POULTRYAND JUNK.Highest cash price for eggs,poultry, hides and junk. 'MUNICH & WIDES CO.,(11-tf) Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.WITHIN THE LAW.. Morris Hutsell, colored, residing inClaysville, was arrested by SheriffMcClintock and Deputy Sheriff Gibson, on a warrant sowrri out by Lottie Davis, of the same classic village,charging assault and battery. Hut-sell was taken to the county jail as aguest of Jailer Thos. Taul. He wasbrought before Police Judge Martin,Saturday afternoon, and given a fineof $10 and costs.TOO MUCH RAIN.Farmers and gardeners are complaining of the lack of sunshine andtoo mucn ram. Many say tne seed iis rottening in the ground, and thatall kinds of farm, work has beengreatly hampered by too much rain,making the ground too wet to work.Corn planting was suspended untilthis week on account of the wetweather. Gardeners have had butlittle work on account of the4ieavyrains.SpringMillinerySpecials This WeekA host of new arrivals in every shape and color are gathered together forr"Hat Week" an unusually attractive collection at very moderate prices.Leghorns and MilansSoft Rough StrawsLovely Transparent ModelsSport HatsChildren's HatsSMART TURBANSJest the thing for a windy day are these trim, stylish, closefitting hats in the various suit shades.All Prices From $5.00 to $15.00HARRY SIMONXittavetft $ouqoV tiiaVKttchenCabmeVeV?tonTHE J.EITHERPHONE 38Motor Hearse224-228 West Main St., Lexington, Ky:Main Street, Paris, KyI m. 4EMrs. Homeiover:--8A Kitchen Cabinet is a necessity in everyhome. It saves hundreds of steps every day. Itsaves WASTE and it keeps your kitchen neat andtidy this saves WORK.We Want every woman in this city to come inand see our Kitchen Cabinets; to learn what agreat convenience they are.And we Want you to learn our prices, becausewhen you see how low they are you will buy oneand be glad you did.Of course We are spaaking of McDOUGALLKITCHEN CABINETS; You can now join ournew McDougall Kitchen-cabinet club. , ..&T. HINTON CO.PARIS, KENTUCKY SIXTH AND MAINMotor Invalid Coach UndertakingIX!AtT2kl vI,M ?r AGE SIXTHE BOITEBON HEWS, PAEIS, EENTOCU.TUESDAY, MAY 20, 1S1I.PERUNAand MAN AUN CuredMrs. E. M. Harris, R. R.No. 3, Ashland, W&, sendsa message of cheer to flinek:"After following your aWeiand tuinjr Peruna and Manure, Itkrat ami gtMUck Crom Whlcnnm& I could not make xny bedwithout tevftas; te mt Kov IMeHCttanboitbeNate, Throataid Stomach.4o all xar work and am In roodjualth. I nwiiii tkis TmlKhu .Ti uffarlntf fwainany rtlntatt cf the NBtomaflh,"Female 81 KrarrwkerIilla r Taklet Ferm(HTORNMENT NEEDS TYPISTSAND STENOGRAPHERSLarge -numbers of stenographersand typists are needed in the government service in Washington,, D.C, notwithstanding the fact thatthousands were appointed duringnineteen, months of America's participation in the war, according to anannouncement of the United StatesCivil Service Commission,Examinations for both men andwomen are held throughout thecountry every Tuesday. Usual entrance salaries are $1,000 to $1,200a year. Full information may be secured from the secretary of the localboard of civil service examiners inany city or from the U. S. Civil Service Commission, Washington, D. C.Men. who have been honorably discharged from the military or navalservice and who left positions in thecivil service to take part in the warmay be reinstated without examination.COUNTY HAS REST ROOM.A recent letter from the countyagent at Hartford, Ky., has the following to say about an unusual restroom which has been developed forthe farmers' wives when they are intown:"We have at last gotten our muchneeded rest room completed. Wehave for a regular matron one of theyoung ladies of the town who willwelcome any of the ladies that comein from the country. The funds forthis room were secured from the business men of the town, the ladies andthe county court. As the Red Crossis using the rest room for headquarters, it is, of course, helping to pavthe hill."DIVORCE IS ON INCREASE INKENTUCKY.In 109 Kentucky counties duringthe year 1916 there were 23,189 marriages and in 116 counties duringthat year there were 2,981 divorces.In Louisville and Jefferson countythere were 2,554 marriages and 650divorces during 1916.This information, together withother interesting data regardingmairiage and divorce conditions inthe State was obtained from Wm. C.Hunt, statistician of the UnitedStates Census Bureau.The report shows an increase inmarriages in Kentucky of 2,707 orthirteen and two-tenths per cent,over the number of marriages in theState in 1906 when the last reportwas made.On the other hand, there were 976more divorces in Kentucky during1916 than were reported during1906, or an increase in ten years offorty-eight and nine-tenths per cent.Statisticians of the census bureauestimated that there were 107 marriages for each 10,000 population, or1,070 marriages for each 100,000population in 1916. They fisrure theI number of divorces in the State during mat year to oe izy m each 100,000 population.The statistics reported by theCensus Bureau credit Bourboncounty with 184 marriages and 26divorces during that year.i oTOR A SPRAINED ANKLE.As soon as possible after the injuryis received get a bottle of Chamberlain's Liniment and follow the Plainprinted directiona which accompanythe bottle. ' -EDUCATION AND THE PUMPKINEastern Writer Points Out Whereinth Two Have Some StrongPoints of Similarity.At one of our city vegetable martsone day a farmer displayed with commendable pride a huge pumpkin of alluring aspect, with the statement thatit grew "full twenty feet from thestalk," remarks Rochester Post-Express.This habit of wandering intortuous uselessness to a long distancefrom the source of production beforethe fruit of the vine is produced islong known of the pumpkin.It would not be amiss for our educators to consider the pumpkin vine ; unquestionably some of them have inearlier days, but whether with a viewto its close analogy to educationalprocesses is uncertain. Perhaps it Istoo much to say that the best fruitof the educational vine is producedfrom its original source; that whatcomes of schooling is something quitedifferent from the apparent result atthe source ; that the best things a manor woman does are very different fromthe particular, or nonpartlcularlzedthing, he or she is directly taught todo. We are turning to the business ofmaking our schools show quick fruitage of working ability.But it is at least a fair hazard to( opine that the pupils who become"some pumpkins" will often as not beproducts known a long way from thespecial process of education that extreme vocationalists advise.COLOGNE'S UPS AND DOWNSImportant German City of the PresentHas Had its Periods of DireAdversity.a.sak .aatSBBJBBB BSBB aaPBBfBBB aaaW ..BaaaaaBBk KLKvJBy BBBBB iBBBBBflPaBT BBBBBBa rtBESr mH ! .SSflBMfcSBBBBBBBBBBBBSBBji MBgJSgy BS SBBBBST "!BT BSBBBBBS) BBS JSEnfiMk A&bBI SBBBBBm .SSBBBBBSBf111 JliflTof i WjaKr 'aavd S BSBBBBa BaYflBSBBBM 'wBT IBBflfll J BBBBaaaBBBBsVbbbbbbbm 05 HeaBBBvSBBBm bbbbbbbbj (Ba7 bbsbbbmBm tVbbbbk'BBBBSB jEs BBBBBaSBBSV BBBBBBl BB" BBBBBBBBBTBT KrBBSSSrAy9 ilrll83 HTHEFRIENDLYTOBACCOft8 8) Ii'T'HEIRE may be some things thatcan be done well in a hurry, butpickin' a wife an' agein a tobaccoam t amongst em.mr"jPT gBBBBBBBMEfaBBSBMHBwBBBBW. Jm.'BBBBBBBBBBBBsMfllBSa3H8H9HHDuring the Middle Ages Colognewas a place of great trade ; the weavers, the goldsmiths, and the armorersof the city were famous the worldover; while Its merchants had housesin London, and the city itself was accorded a chief place in the Hanseaticleague. Decay set in with the dawn ofthe Reformation, and the place owedits downfall to its intolerance. Thus,its university, which in the fourteentha,nd fifteenth centuries, had a greatreputation, began at once to decline.This policy 3e'alt severe blows" aj theprosperity pf the lown, and when,174, Coldgne was occupied by theFrerirB. t was a" poor and decayed.ii -m ir rjn nni Lkuun.inuiunuimuis, uxrights.wascut oi some wavywhich only 6,000 posfessprt civilSince 1815. h5weyer, wheit 1V SVl PVT ?VI m inB a BaHere's the big work, littlew pnet fv2frii tna I if onTHE Titan 10-20 has been on the market foryears, and has made good without reservation,j 10 horsepower at the draw bar 20 horsepowerI at the belt.A well-balanced tractor that is suited to all farmpower work. It drives easily, affords maximum polling power for its weight, and is suiteel in every way tothe general run of farm work. Not too large for theimall farm, yet laxge enough to handle a great volumeof work. ".Use it with an Oliver PlowgpaJJv, afiiTghed to Prussia, Colognenas eonunnea to Pfosper, atu today it la .gng of tl mfllt inSortantMb tmM ?Fool-Proof Airplane .i,The latest model of Sris airplane1b said to be as dearly foolproof as itis possibly to niake such a machineas an afrplane. The machines are soGalncg and th infs so arranged,that when the engine stops they glidegradually and easily to earth. Thefollowing test shows how stable theseairplanes are: A pilot climbed to asufficient height, and then stopped hisengine and took his hands off the control, merely peeping his feet on therudder bar. He steered fpr an airdrome twenty miles away, and, havingkeaded her straight, he let the airplane do what she liked. She traveled the whole twenty miles as steadily as a bicycle coasting down a long,straight and gentle hill. Of coursethe pilot had to take hold of the control stick tp land the machine in theairdrome, bit except for that, and thesteering, the airplane made the wholejourney by herself.VWe recommend that you use an Oliver plow wjtkyour Titan tractor becane it means the best plowingsjcrier aU condftkwn, The combined roffing coulterand jointer barks afl trsah aod weeds at the bottomof tike tuuum, the stop device main tarns an even depthof farrow; the plow points ester and leave the groundartnaadncitpoaatoptowcleajtDeDdsofthesVld; and the trip rope control operates easily fromthe driver's seat on the tractor." We hcv a mu Boa of OKrer ptoaa as wen as tbtgr;1 ' i5 ,iC. S. BALL GARAGEWHRB3S9BPj3SSBBBai'i iUU JltU(. YYud fiwu ts tBlae Grass Oil Exchange(Incorporated) 55,rJ6fiKentucky -OltSecuritisboujjht andsold at Open Call Sessions everyWednesday .8:00 p.m.Saturday . . 4:00 p. m.Saturday . . 8K)0 p. m.One Sata WMittaiay. Twa Salts Saturday.,418 MAIN STREETCumb. Mtana 313 Next ta N. KrltntrDogs as Msssengsrs.Experiments made in the training ofdogs as messengers with the armiesIn the field have, It is stated, givensatisfactory results. The dogs whichproved most receptive nnder instructions are chiefly half-breed collies andratrievers. A rather poor breed ofbob-tailed sheepdogs has also donewell. All have been trained to perform their errands during heavy firing, both of rifles and guns. Theycan be fired over as easily as the ordinary sporting dog, and what is quiteanother thing, they will face fire atclose range.We put away millions of pounds of fineKentucky Burley tobacco every year, storedin wooden hogsheads. It ripens two years.When we take it out it's different- -Naturehas improved it, good as it was made itfriendlier, more fragrant, cool-smoking,long-burning.Nature has given it a delicious quality cfmildness and fragrance that no artificialmeans can ever equal.Its just that extratouch of friendly goodness that is buildingsup VELVET Tobaccointo the favor and goodwill of thousands ofpipe smokers who prefer to smoke tobaccocured in Nature's wayc.xvtalISIaiistilaiiElIdiSerenc;' vffcJtstrfttatar8 m 83 .is!b3ES2ZSsa2Kc:-:xwtzf Jrf bbbbHv aaaaVaF aaT aaaar aF9S" - sstbTa P'-4 mzldnez SmmST: -?:.7 JHMX Mj4EregAuYou would notice tbo. JwJ?yvfyeteJc&zcc3 Gar.Cijarei?3VELVET'S naiura-fJrand jmen''r." frr&rz.i rj- vji rzhtWASHINGTON PLANTED TREESThe visitor at Mt. Vernon is alwaysstruck with the wonderful variety oftrees and shrubs which the father ofhis country planted with so muchcare. All this planting- shows quiteplainly that he enjoyed the beautiesof nature; but he seldom commentedon them, at least in his dairy. OneApril day when the shy young leaveswrere making the world over again,he -wrote in his dairy:"The flower of the Saseafras wasfully out and looked well an intermixture of this kind and red hud Iconceive would look very pretty thelatter crowned ivith the former orfvice versa."CAHAL BROS.BAEBEE SHOPPrompt and Courteous Attention ttPatrons.HOT AND COLD BATHSHad Same War Arfventuraa.A letter from the chaplain of basehojpital 48, French lines, 'brings tolight a strange ease of paralltl circumstance! in the war experiences of twoSan Franciscan, Corp. Arthur T. Mullen, 621 Alvarado street, and PrivateJeremiah Sears, 623 Alvarado street.After enlistment the two men, livingin the fane building, wera assigned tot&e' same division, fought in the samebattle, escaping wounds; then in thebattle of Argonne they were bothwounded October 14 at the same time,.by i machine-gun bullets, and wereplaced side by side on cots in the samehespital., ..r.Ntw American Industry.Turkish' towels now come from Lew,litj'Je.whei; the mills are dailytvrning out thousands of high-gradeTurkish towels that are said to be farsiptrior to the goods formerly broughtacross the Atlantic. One mill as aJdde line turns out 80,000. hedspreatseach week and dally produces thouaaids of yards of.mereerized silk.Canary Given Fin Funeral.Scores of persqns a'rteadtd the? funeral of a canary bird at the home ofHarry ChambersnMooresjowji, N4 J.The bird war "twenty-five years1 old,and, many . grownups had known itsince they 'were children. It was buriedim a little silver box.- UtUNlVERSAJLeAR .'RUGGLESj J 16Eank Row, Paris, Ky. gj1ik riihn ' IgBKDlTi MAT1919.20,ibJAJHBUHKdHftSHiiHHBHHktfiS,;'. f?kzthmI i1 jyllrif iiti1H ?-; 1 r Sm' " m f-f I JPIilllllll BglI :wyHHIm J HII - L M 1rM H 1 1 1 I I If If I II I 111 I IHjH ytfcvj Jim 11 1 1 1 lllfIlllllulllll jK1 AlwaysWelcome If I 1 1 JBl "You little rascal played along the way, didn't you? flj ( l(il KI Kept grandma waiting! Oh well, it's all right Because I 111 Ills 91 I f HI CALUMET IIKi is always right. It's worth waiting for. Always vel- I llI I WHS come. Never shirks its work. Never fails. Neve Jl il 1 HB v wastes minutes or materials and I know it's pure .and 111 f IillW I KB"," wholesome, as Calumet contains only such ingredients J jl I cti as have been approved officially by the U. S. Food I lll I B-E Authorities." I (JJUI4-BBiH You save when you buy it you save tchen you us it. m 44jT(jl 1 HHIGHEST K hMmWITHE B0UBB05 HEWS, PARIS, EENTtTCKYPAGE SCTJTADVERTISENever before has the Americanpublic had the money to spendwhich it has to-day.The merchant or manufacturerwho sits back and waits for thismoney to come to him without making any effort to get it will awakenAetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityAnotherCasualtieswhen it is too late. He will thenrealize that his more aggressive competitor has been on the job and hastaken advantage of the strongestsales weapon known to industry,namely, advertising.Don't wait for things to come yourway without doing anything to helpthem along.Advertise increase your advertising. Use the newspapers to tellyour storn. Multiply the value ofyour sales, talk a thousand fold andmore. Develop that great potentialI market which is ready and willingyes eager to buy the things youhave tq-sell, but does not know thatyou have them.To stimulate business surely,quickly, and economically advertisenow.oABOUT RHEUMATISMA. J. FEEAGENTRheumatism causes more pain andsuffering than any other disease, forthe reason that it is the most common of all ills, and it is certainlygratifying to sufferers to know thatthere' is a remedy that will afford relief, and make rest and sleep possible. It is called Chamberlain's Liniment.(may-adv)MAY CROP REPORT TOR KEN-!J.UUb.1.The acreage of wheat is given at21 per cent, more than last year'sestimate. This is due largely to theefforts made iast fall for an increasein the acreage at that time. The approximate acreage as of May 1, 1919,was 106 per cent, as compared with85 per cent, at the same time lastyear with condition at 89 per cent,which is slightly less than last year.Opinions vary as to the extent wheathas been injured by the extreme coldspell the latter part of April.Rye acreage is placed at 91 percent, which is a slight increase alsoover last year, with condition showing at 98 per cent.Barley acreage is estimated to be83 per cent, with condition at 97 percent. There is but little barley raised in Kentucky and but few reportson it.Oats acreage planned is 91 percent, as compared with 83 per centin 1918. Condition is given at 92.Continued wet weather has retarded farm work. Ground is working up badly. The per cent of plowing done for corn is estimated at 77per cent. Acreage planned for cornis 93 per cent, which is a small increase over last year's acreage.An unusually large acreage of tobacco is planned. Barley acreage isgiven at 106 per cent, with conditionof plant beds at 93. Dark tobaccoacreage is given at 97 per cent, andcondition of plant beds at 93.Hemp acreage is materially reduced, showing less than 45 per cent ofcrop planned, as compared with lastyear.Pastures and meadows are in goodshape; various grasses showing condition as follows:Blue grass, 92 per cent.Clover, 90 per cent.Alfalfa, 96 per cent.Reports from some sections indicate that 50 per cent increase ofacreage in soy beans is planned.Farm animals are in good condition, as the past winter has been somild. In some localities there hasbeen a decrease in numbers of stockowing to the scarcity of feed last fall,but in many sections it is reportedthat a conservative estimate onnumbers of livestock whould showfrom two to six per cent increaseover last year. Estimating in percent, the number on hand as compared with an average year followgiving conditions:Horses, 9o per cent; condition 94per cent.Mules, 96 per cent; condition, 96per cent.Cattle, 94 per cent; condition, 95per cent.Hogs, 92 per cent; condition, 94per cent.Sheep, 96 per cent; condition, 96per cent.Lamb crop was early and doingnicely.Farm help has not yet reachednormal, supply showing at 81 percent.A few weeks ago the outlook forfruit was never better. Fruit treeshad an exceptionally heavy bloomand the universal opinion prevailed1that this year's fruit crop g wouldmake up for the almost total failureof last year. However, the extremelycold weather about April 25th and26th has greatly damaged early fruitsand gardens. Fruits on the lowlandshave suffered greater injury thanthose on the uplands. Grape vinesshow serious results also. Conditionof fruits at this time is as follows:Apples, 59 per cent.Peaches, 51 per cent.Pears, 60 per cent.Plums, 64 per cent.Cherries, 66 per cent.Strawberries, 74 per cent.Potato acreage shows at 94 percent.While early gardens were nippedby the frost, reports would indicatethat interest in gardening has notwaned. The garden work was givensuch an impetus under the War Garden club plans of last year and thesplendid results that were achievedin production, have encouraged thriftalong this line and the community,school and home garden will play nounimportant part in this year'scrops.MAT S. COHEN,Commissioner of Agriculture.Old Rosebud OilGas&CompanyIncorporatedParis, KentuckyHE OLD ROSEBUD OIL & GAS CO.,composed or fans business men, announces to the publicthe perfection of its organiztaion, and the Durchase of valuable oil and gas rights in Lee, Estill and Owsley counties; it alsoannounces the offering of a limited amount of stock atEL25c PAR VALUE $1.00County leasesl mile of theWe have made a location on one of our Leewhich adjoins production, and which lays withinheart of the Big Sinking pool.For the consideration of the investing public we submit the following.OrganizationThe Old Rosebud Oil and Gas Company is a Delaware corporation capitalized at $500,000. The following directors havebeen selected to govern the affairs of the corporation:O. L. Davis, farmer, Paris, Ky.Harry B. Clay, farmer and oil producer, Paris, Ky.W. C. Bell, farmer, Paris, Ky. iDr. C. G. Daugherty, physician, Paris, Ky.L. D. Harris, real estate broker, Paris, Ky.O. T. Hinton, attorney, Paris, Ky.Wm. Shire, jeweler, Paris, Ky. v.J. W. Young, stockman and farmer, T?aris, Ky.F. P. Thompson, oil producer, Lexington, :Ky.W. W. Mitchell, banker, Paris, Ky.The officers are as follows:President Dr. C. G. Daugherty.Vice President Harry B. Clay.Secretary O. L. Davis.Treasurer W. W. Mitchell.Field Manager F. P. Thompson.Offices will be maintained in Paris, Ky."SHoldingsThe company has closed a deal for 146 acres within.less than"a (mile of some of the biggest wells in the Big Sinking district ofLee County. Prospects on this lease look good for 50-barrel wellsat the least. We have made two locations on this lease andwillmove a machine to it at once.We also contemplate test wells on the 100-acre Gabbardlease near the present Hell Creek production in Lee County; alsoon the Baker lease in the Ross Creek, section of Estill County.We expect to close a deal shortly for some production in theBig Sinking district, which we are now negotiating!Stock Now 25c; Par Value $1.00(We reserve the right to withdraw stock from market at anytime without notice.)S0neI8?PtEtourfcon Poultry Remedy;A few dropa in the J VfriLdrinklne water enrea IjAPUOand prevents wmte b-rfc wrdiarrhoea, cholera and other chiclediseases. Ono 60c bottle makes 11eallona o f medicine. Pint bottla,price 51.20, makes S2 eallons. Atdruggists, or sent by mail postpaid.Bourbon Remedy Co., Lexington Ky.QEPORTAKT EUIUW3- AFFECTSBOUEJBON C0UUTY TEACHEESTeachers can take their examinations in the county in which they reside, or in the county in they electto teach. Such is the substance ofan important ruling recently received by County Superintendent ofSchools J. B. Caywood, from StateSuperintendent V. O. Gilbert, atFrankfort.oDo You Enjoy life?A man in good physical conditionis almost certain to enjoy life, whilethe bilious and dyspeptic are despondent, do not enjoy their meaisand feel miserable a good snare 01the time. This ill feeling is neanyalways unnecessary. A few doses ofChamberlain's Tablets to tone upthe stomach, improve the digestionand regulate the bowels is all that isneeded. Try it.- (may-adv)PROGRESS MADEIN GVRDEN WORKOLD ROSEBUD OIL & GAS CO.(Incorporated.)PARIS, KENTUCKYHarris & Speakes, Selling AgentsParis, Kentucky)JCt.....PBRIGHTEREVENINGSRetired Earmer Resumes Home Duties After Using Trutonaa Week.aa.iii mrmm a i a e bmim. ., . . - i "ifliLKimJsB s ucu'. '.' L .'.LIBERTY BONDSSafest Investment On EarthWe buy and sell all issues in large or small denominations. Telephone your orders at our expense.James C. Willson & Co.INVESTMENT SECURITIESAt 2 1 0 S. Fifth St. LOUISVILLE, KY.OWENSBORO, KY., May 19."I'm able to get out in the gardenand work now the first work I'vedone in four months," Walter Samuels, a well-known retired farmer residing at 1310 Hathaway street,Owensboro, said recently. Mr. Samuels has been a resident of Owensboro for the past 14 years."Work's really a pleasure for me,since I've taken Trutona," he continued. "I was suffering from muscular rheumatism. My hands andlimbs would swell so badly I couldnot do anything. I also sufferedsevere pains in my spinal columnand chest. My appetite why, Ididn't eat hardly enough to keep mealive."One week ago I was suffering untold agony, but to-day I feel betterthan, I have in years and- Trutona'sthe reason. The swelling has left myhands and limbs. The pains in mychest have ceased to bother me, too.My appetite is improved, also. I'vespent $1,000 trying to get relief, butTrutona has done more for me thanall the rest put together. I'm sureTrutona will do the same for otherssuffering as I did."Trutona is now being introducedI and explained in Paris at' G.' S. Varden & Son's. . ' ' v '" (adv)Nothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life more jworth living, than a well illuminated house.TtseSlectricityfor ftaMtitdIt's the only satisfactory way.9se SetsTor gating and CookinflIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us, Fix You UpFor the Use of BothElectricity smd Gas.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Inconxwrted)W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.iThe Home Telephone Your ServantFor Only a Few Cents Per DayLet us analyze his qualifications:always on duty, day or night.He is polite, intelligent, willing,,.He will instantly present to you the grocer, butcher, baker or any of ;the trades-folks, or the doctor, fire department or police In vrntrgmtfji' jHe will go far beyond the confines of the town and bring' to you "i.amazingly Bhort time a member of the family or one of your good' proePpective customers.He will summons the railroad, boat or theatre ticket in a few sdc7onds. TAnd as to wages, he will only coat.you in residence from 6 to 8c pec,day; in place of business from .10 to. 12c per day.Paris Home Telephone & Telegrah,Company(Incorporated) ,J. J. Veatch, District Manager. W. H. Cannon, Local Manager.The News Job Department is Always Busy"There's a Reason." Work Done Right ;'4'an-THE BOUBBOH HEWS, PABIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, MAY 20, 1919.THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMOADMISSION !jAdults Ticket 1 Sc; War Tax 2c-20cChildren and Gallery . .Ticket 9c; War Tax 1 c 1 0cTO-DAY, TUESDAYTHURSDAY, MAY 22ndFi&l EIGHTBryant WashburnIN"Venus in the East". The story is from the famous novel by Wallace Irwin, thatIran serially in the Saturday Evening Post.I . Mr. Washburn plays the part of a Westerner who finds: wealth in the West and then 'Venus in the East."William Duncan,,,thegisodeof"The Man of Might"and Pathe Comedy.TO-MORROW, WEDNESDAYD.W.GRIFFITH'S"A Romance of Happy Valley"Lillian (Jish and Robert Harron are the two stars whoselove, hope and faith are weaved into a picture that will live longas a classic. It is a picture with a whirlwind finish a greatclimax that you should not miss seeing.D. W. Griffith has scored another triumph with a productionthat is NOT a spectacular war drama.AlsoPictograph and ComedyMarion DaviesiiIN"The Burden of Proof"A gripping story of love and intrigue.Roscoe ArbuckleIN"Fatty Hooks a Dame"Also International NewsMILLERSBURG,Mrs. Mattie Purall, of Paris, istb.0 guest of Mrs. C. M. Best.Select your garden seed at Caldwell's before it is too late.Col. W. M. Layson and Mr. J. A.Butler continue about the same.;Mrs. Anna Jefferson, of Paris, istbo guest of Mrs. Louise Wood.Miss Lois Ingels, of Eminence, istne guest of Miss Josephine Leer.. Miss Margurete B. Clarke is at,iome, after spending the winter inFlorida.. See the nice line of 5 c soap atCaldwell's. It cannot be beaten any--where.., . Dr. Yates, of Virginia, is the"guest of his brother-in-law, Col. C.M. Best.Miss Alice Ingels, of Eminence,is the guest of her aunt, Mrs. G-. W.Judy.See our shoes, "Wear-U-Well's,"at Caldwell's. Our highest prices areonly $4.48., -Misses Mary Reid Chanslor and"X'l Smith, of Stanford, are guestsp Miss Elizabeth Pruitt.. -Mrs. Burdetle Walton, of Lexington, is at the bedside of hermother, Mrs. D. R. Rigdon, who isvary ilLMiss Laura Sandidge, of HoustQTiville and Miss Edith Welburn, ofStanford, are guests of Mr. and Mrs.2$. 'E. PruittNOTICE TO THE PUBLIC. IBate just .purchased a new Landersstitching machine, and am preparedto, do all kinds of shoe repairing atreasonable prices.. C&may-8t) - . JOE. GREEN,r' Miss Maude Barnett, principal ofSayre College in Lexington, who wastoastmistress at the Alumnea banquet given at the Millersburg CollegeSaturday, returned to Lexington yesterday. , r In the- Centenary Drire at theMethodist church. Sunday for. the purpose, of raising funds for the missilmary movement, the sumoti$5,000wa, raised- The solicitors iiave yetto Gee a large number of the congregation. " Mrsc'C. H. Carringtou left Saturday for Camp Taylor, Louisville, tojoin her husband, Mr. C. H. Carringtoji, who will be mustered out of service in a .few days. Mr. Carringtonlanded in New York from France&txut a week ago.The W. C. T. U. District Convention will convene in Millersburgon- Tuesday and Wednesday, May 27"anil ,"28. At brilliant program willbb the order of the occasion. Hon.George W. Bain, of Lexington, willdeliver an, address on the evening oftba 28th.-The Centenerian drive of theMethodist church, was made Sunday.'A-large sum was realized. The captain conducting the drive were asfollows: First, Mr. A. S. Best; second, Mr. J. H. Stewart; third, Mr. M.E. Pruitt; fourth, Mrs. A. S. Best;fifth,, Mrs Allie -H. Miller. Each ofthese captains had a number of workera under them.ee our splendid assortment ofcoffee. Prices are right.RM. CALDWELL.The commencement exercises ofdue M. M. I. opened Thursday morning' at 9:00 t'clock, with the annual-competitive drill at 8:00 a. m. TheCadets met the band at the train, going in parade from the depot to thecollege grounds. The day was beautiful, the crowd fully up to the average, and all the exercises of themorning compared favorably withformer years. The medal in the man-ual-atjarmswas won by Cadet Carey,of Lexington, and Company A. carriesthe flag next year, winning overCVvm.na.Trvr B. In the afternoon at2:30 was an intejesting ball gameganie1 between the M. M. I. and oldCarets. Another large crowd was inattendance, the score standing 15 to8 in favor of M. M. I. at the closeof the game.Owing to, the Cadets having beenquarantined-on account of the "flu"conditions, until last few weeks, theyli&ve flayed no games this season, except among themselves.. From theirbrilliant playing Thursday afternoon, they demonstrated the fact thatthey have a good team, and had theyhad' an opportunity might have wonmany laurels for themselves with allof our surrounding teams. At 8:15. pi., Thursday, the M. M. I. Cadetsput -on a minstrel at the Drill Hall.They were greeted with another largeaudience. The cast was large andwclf-staged, and in their solos andchoruses were the recipients of manyencqres. Tuesday at 10:30 a. m. alarge audience assembled at M. M. I.Auditorium to be present at the commencement exercises. At the appointed' time the class of 1919, fourteen incumber, headed by Col. Best,marched into the hall, 'taking theirplaces on the stage. After the splendid musical program, a brilliant address was delivered by Dr. Fortune,of Transylvania University, of Lexington. The address was in keepingwith the times and the occasion. Itwas both powerful and simple. It wasone that everyone could carry home,and was certainly calculated to inspire all ambitious young men. Attne close ot the address Col. Best,in an appropriate address, awardedthe diplomas. Class honors werewon by Cadet Yates, of Virginia,while the highest average nt thoschool during the year was won byoaaet van Meter, of Winchester, after which the officers for the comingyear were announced. At 11:30 afurlough to the M. M. I. Cadets wasgranted until September 10, most ofthe Cadets leaving: for their vpsnoot.ive homes in the afternoon and evening, the remainer Saturday morning.The commencement exercises ofthe M. C. opened at 8:15 n m fh.day with a brilliant recital in the M.u. Auditorium by the advand nn.pils in music. Notwithstanding thecm ea.Lemng weatner a large audience was in attendance. The exercises were good. The young ladieswere at tneir best. A laughablefarce, entitled. "The Broken EiifRPP.ment," opened the exercises and madea most pleasing beginning, and wasfollowed by a number of trood vnoniselections, solos and choruses, andaiso pantomine work. Saturday at10:30 a, m. the biennial meeting ofM. F. C. and M. C. was held at theM. C. Auditorium. Quite a, mimherof the Alumni were present fromall the surroundincr towns, and a fwfrom other States. The address wasdelivered by Rev. W. E. Eillis, of theParis Christian church. At noon adelightful banquet was served in thecollege dining room, at which a -num-oer or toasts were responded to, andin the afternoon an informal reception was held in the library and parlors of the college. At 8:15 t. m.Saturday another large audienceassembled in the M. C. auditorium,at which time the young ladies oftne college put on a two-act play,entitled "The American Girl," whichwas good and well tendered. Thework was also largely made up ofsolos and choruses, and everyonewent home well pleased. Sunday at10:45 a, m. the Methodist churchwas filled to overflowing, at whichtime tne .saccular eate sermon waspreached by Dr. H. C. Morrison, ofAsburry College. Preceeding thesermon was a good and well-selectedmusical program. Dr. Morrison didnot come to us as a stranger, there-tore we knew wnat to expect, but hegave most of us more than we expected. He took for his text, "WhatDoth It Profit A Man If He Gainedthe Whole World and Loseth HisOwn Soul." Many believed, that theywere going to listen to an evangelicalsermon, but this, however, was nottrue. He launched out into theproblems of to-day, and his sermonwas one that will always be remembered by those who heard him. Seenext issue for a continuation of commencement exercises.DEATHS.KING.The funeral of Mrs. David King,aged twenty-five, who died of pulmonary tuberculosis at her home nearJacksonville, was held at the SilasChurch, Friday afternoon, with services conducted by Rev. John B.Jones. The interment followed inthe Jacksonville Cemetery. Mrs. Kingwas formerly Miss Snapp, of nearParis.BURNS.While preparing for church Sunday morning while visiting relativesin Georgetown, Mrs. Mary DeignanBurns, aged Bixty-five, of near Centefville, was stricken with hearttrouble and died in a stort time after being carried to an adjoininghouse.Mrs. Burns had accompanied relatives to the church to attend earlymass. Just as she entered the churchdoor she fainted, and was carriedto the rectory adjoining. Physicianswere summoned and restorativeswere applied, but to no avail, deathensuing in a short time.Mrs. Burns was the widow of Thos.Burns, a prominent farmer of theCenterville neighborhood. She wasa native of Ireland, where she wasborn sixty-five years ago, emigratingto America when quite a young woman. She is survived by two daughters.Misses Anna and Catherine Burns;four sons, William, George, Johnand Thos. Burns; three sisters, MissesKatie and Lizzie Deignan, and Mrs.Frank Hillner, of New York; andthree brothers, George, John and Bernard Deignan, of Fayette county.One daughter, a nun, at NazarethAcademy, recently died.The body was taken to the familyhome. The funeral will take placeat nine o'clock this morning at theCatholic church in this city, withservices conducted by Rev. EugeneDeBruyn. The interment will followin the Paris Cemetery. The pallbearers will be John Welch, 'JamesWelch, D. Frederickson, M. J. Lavin,Ed Burke and Dennis Furlong.oMATRIMONIAL.A marriage license was issuedfrom the office of County CTerkPearce Paton to William Parker, 40,and Mrs. Sarah Shea, 32, both ofMillersburg.INSURANCE.Fire, Tornado, Lightning,Automobile and Hail.YERKES & PEED.(janl4-tf)A marriage license was issuedyesterday from the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton to a coloredcouple from the city, with the notation, "Please Don't Publish.."" Pearcesays the limit has been reached!STOCK, CROP, ETC.Mr. Walter S. Meng returnedSaturday night from Green tbwn, Ind.,where he had been attending a public sale of Duroc Jersey hogs. Mr.Meng purchased at the sale a yearling Duroc boar, a running mate toO. C. K.'s Lad, at a fancy price.o 'AZZOLI HOWARD.Paris relatives have received information of the marriage rn Brooklyn, New York, last week, of Mr. McVey Howard, of the United StatesMarine Corps, and Miss Lina Azzoli,of Brooklyn.Mr. Howard has been, a member ofthe Marine Corps for over a year, andit was while in the service that theromance began. He is a son of Mr.Wm. Howard, Sr., of Richmond, anda brother of Mr. Logan Howard,of Paris, and Mrs. Taylor Chandler,of Covington, and Mrs. Brutus Clay,of near Paris..BIRTHS. XAt Lair, in Harrison county, tothe wife of Mr. Stanley Richards, ofParis, a son.i oYANKEE MNSTEELS TO-DAYThe Yankee Minstrels, composed ofreturned soldiers, most of whom "wereheadliners on the high-class vaudeville circuits before the war, will bein Paris to-day for one performance.The company will appear under atent, pitched on the Wilson lot, onWinchester street, near the Louisville & Nashville passenger depot.They come very highly recommended.A street parade will be given thismorning and an open air concert tonight by the 87th Infantry Regimental Band accompanying them.ADAMS CLAY.Mr. Douglas Clay, of Paris, andMiss Jane Adams, of Frankfort, weremarried in Shelbyville Friday leavingshortly after for a trip to Louisville.The information of the marriagecame in a telegram 'from Mr. Clay,to his parents, Mr. and Mrs. FrankM-. Clay, of East Paris, which stated,briefly: "Jane and I were marriedto-day. Will be home soon." Mr.Jos. W. Davis, Jr., of Paris, was anattendant.News of the wedding of these popular young people came as a surprise,although it was an open secret thatthey had been lovers for manymonths. The bride is a daughter ofMr. and Mrs. Abram Adams, ofFrankfort, and is a very handsomeand attractive young woman. Shehas frequently visited in Paris, andhas a host of friends .here who willgive her a royal welcome as Mrs.Douglas Clay.The bridgroom, who has recentlyreturned from overseas, where hewent as a member of the Barrow Hospital Unit, is the only child of Mr.and Mrs. Clay, and is a social favorite in Paris and vicinity.Mr. and Mrs. Clay, will, for thepresent, make their home' with Mr.Clay's parents, in East Paris.MTT.T.ERSBURg TEACHERINTO NEW WOEK.GOESMiss Folsom McGuire, formerly ateacher in the Paris City School, andat present principal of the Millersburg Graded School, will not be anapplicant for that position when theelection of teachers take place. Instead she has accepted a positionwith the University of West Virginiain the Extension Department withheadquarters in Parkersburg, W. Va.She is a graduate of Kentucky University. Miss McGuire has a numberof friends in Paris who will bepleased to learn of her appointmentto such an important position. Herhome is in Lexington. Her salarywill be ? 2, 000, it is said.-. oB-4 TIREInsure withW.O. HINTON &SON,AgtsRELIGIOUS.TAKE EXAMINATIONS.Six young women. Misses NoraHudson, Julia Calnan, Jane Leach,Grace Kiser, Allie McCord and Mrs.J. A. Bowles, have successfully finished the examination for certificatesfor teaching in the county schools..The examinations were conducted before County Superintendent ofSchools J. B. Caywood, and CountySchool Supervisor, Miss Nannie Clay.Examinations In the course in agriculture for all teachers of thecounty schools were held Saturdayafternoon under a new law now ineffect. No person will be allowed toteach in the county schools of theState until he or she has qualified asa teachers of agricultural subjects.William Kennedy Evans, theeldest grandson of Mrs. William Tarr,united with the North MiddletownChristian church Sunday."As in everything else, our countyhas gone over the top." This was thesubstance of a telegram sent Sundayby the officers of the Paris Methodistchurch to Mr. W. W. Ball, at Maysville, regarding the Paris church'sparticipation in the Centenary Drivefor funds to be used in missionarywork. Bourbon's quota had beenplaced at $11,000. When the tellersfinished their count they found thecongregation had oversubscribed thequota by $3,600. A telegram indicating the oversubscription, was sent Ito Mr. Ball, who replied, "The Parischurch has won the honor flag of theKentucky Conference."MONEY EIGHT IN YOUE HANDFOE EGGS. POULTEYAND JUNK.Highest cash price for eggs,poultry, hides and junk.MUNICH & WIDES CO.,(11-tf) Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.oTHOMAS S. EHEA QUITS EACEFOE GOVEENOE.Thomas S. Rhea issued a statementFriday announcing his withdrawalfrom the race for the Democraticnomination for Governor. He denieshe was forced out and says he retired of his own will and against the jprotests of his supporters. iGEOEGETOWN MAN WINS COLLEGE ORATORICAL CONTESTFirst honors in the thirty-secondannual collegiate oratorical contest,held this year at Georgetown, wascaptured by a Georgetown Collegeman, C. V. Mullins, whose subjectwas "The Verdict of the Hour." M.C. Redwine, of University of Kentucky, was second, with the subject,"A Disentangling Alliance."Other colleges represented wereBerea College, by Boyd M. Collins,and Center College, by J. Lee Moore.Judges, in the contest were: Oncomposition and thought, ProfessorW. G. Caskey, Oberlin, O.; ProfessorV. A. Ketcham, Columbus, O., andProfessor H. S. Woodward, Cleveland, O.; on delivery, H. C. V. Bell,Lawrenceburg, Ky.; ex-LieutenantGovernor Carter, Lawrenceburg,Ky., and Superintendent Lee Kirkpatrick, Paris, Ky.J. P. Barnes, of the University ofKentucky, was elected president ofthe association, and W. H. Peel, 'ofthe University of Kentucky, secretary and treasurer. The term of C.V. Mullins, present vice president,has not yet expired.oEMBARGO LIFTED.According to information receiredat the local office of the Adams Express Company the embargo placedon certain express shipments to- NewYork, put into effect about two weeksago, has been removed.Accumulations of express consignments have been very heavy, adboth outgoing and incoming shipments began to go out toward theend of the week, relieving the congestion.sjD-A.3STCOHENSNow is the Time to Buy Yourm1HROT R. . 93S V. - - -i'wmt "3n " i' ii ' ,tJPlliVi Sss,. wJL jJBWB-11 t" 'Enormous s stocks of8 Summer Footwear,consisting of the verylatest styles in allassortments of desirable models; our unequaled system of merchadising enabling us to sell at less than wholesale cost makesfthis storeThe Shoe Center For EconomyShop here this week; be correctly shod for summer and you will appre-I ciate the bg savings.KmrnkLADIES' PUMPS AND OXFORDSIn Patent and Brown . KidWALK-OVERSAt SpecialLow Prices-&feLadies' Patent KidOxfordsLadies Dark Tan English.Oxfords$3.49$3.49Men's Tan English Oxfords,Walk-Overs, atMen's Gun Metal English o r AOxfords, Walk-Over $0OU$5.00Misses' and Children's Shoes and Slippers at Extremly Low Prices!DAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe Store' Where Beauty and Economy Reigni)r