4- ?BOURBON-. k.'kJ'J- -"rPUBLISHED EVERYDAY AND FR1Y IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESiMY, JANUARY 28, 1919THENEWSyKERVY THIEF STEALS WAGON TBEASUBER'S EEPORT . SHOWS , THE TOBACCO MARKETSLOAD OF TOBACCO.It was a) nervy thief who visitedGOOD FINANCIAL CONDITIONOwing to the record-breakinThat the city of Paris is in irood prices being realized for tobacco onK n IaKq frr Vo" nT X ICMIa. fi-r Z 1 Jiil.. - . H- r TJr -- 1sv4- 3 v-! i-w 4-T-k r"o 4-avmxv. wutn-w uiu ui iui. . miner nu..nuicJ.i UUUUlUOn, ana Wltn gOOa cu-u "no maiivci uuiuib " 1JO.PW icu.Ward, on the Cynthiana pike, near j prospects for its' future prosperity is days, growers are rushing their cropsParis, Saturday night. As a result shown in theeport of City Treasurer to the warehouses, fearing a slump in!of the visitor's enterprise Mr. Ward Wallace W. Mitchell, submitted at prices. Neighboring counties areis minus several hundred pounds of the recent meeting of the City Coun- sending a large per cent, of thefine tobacco, which had been hanging cil. The report of revenues from all , offerings daily, and receipts of thein his big barn, ready for taking to 'sources for 19JL8, including over $9,-1 weed are still taxing the capacity ofthe Paris (market. i 000 turned oyer by the retiring the houses to handle. Receipts of toUpon making a visit to the barn Treasurer, Mr. C. K. Thomas, wasearly Sunday morning Mr. Ward soon $126,927.45, divided as follows:discovered evidences of an unlawful 1 General Fund $ 84,370.05visitation. In the center of the big .School Fund.. . . , .. 23,281.29barn lay several hundred empty to- Sinking Fund".-. 16,990.84bacco sticks. An investigation dis- i Library Fund 1,343.10closed the fast that aarge amounTTHospital Fund 1,942.27of tobacco had been carried , away.Wagon tracks in the mud on the out-j Total. - ?126,927.54side showed where the thief or ! The disbursements for the -year, asthieves had backed a wagon up reported under the sapne report, wereto the barn and made a leisurely (as follows:choice of the best gradex of tobacco General Fund . . . . . . .$58,820.10School Fund 107586.15Sinking Fund 16,738.32Total $86,144.32A balance of $40,782.97 in theto the vain the barn. The wagon tracks weretraced out as far as the Georgetownpike, where they were lost. Mr.Ward notified Chief of Police FredLink, of the Paris police force, andthe Sheriff's office in Paris. These j treasury was distributedofficials are working on the case. rious funds, as follows:Mr. Ward's -loss will amount to a General Fund S23.549.9JLrather tidy sum, in view of the fact School Fund 11,695.14that the tobacco taken was of an ex-! Library Fund 1,343.10tra fine quality, and at the present ' Hospital Fund 1;942.26 Ihigh prices the weed would bring Sinking Fund - ztz.z6several hundred dollars. Other matters attended "'to in ao j financial way ,was the receipt of a1 check for $111.75 from Police JudgeHIGH-CLASS VAUDEVILLE AT Ernest Martin for fines imposed andbacco on the market up to last Saturday were as heavy' as on any dayin the month of January, and,, thewarehousemen are bending everjpeffort to take care of the businesscoming to the Paris market. Yesterday long lines of heavily-loadedwagons formed a row on each side ofMain street, in the vicinity of thewarehouses, and more cqming in.For the week ending dast Fridaythe Independent House had sold atotal of 406,1555 pounds of tobaccofor an average of $44.60. For thseason the house had disposed of 1,796,930 pounds for a floor average of$37.38. No report was availablefrom the Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Company.GRAND. FEB. 3-4.Lovers of vaudeville in Paris willnave a treat next Monday and Tuesday, when the Majestic Road Showwill be offered at the Paris Grand.Tnis promises to be really tne sea-J collected in his court for the monthof December.FUGAZZI SCHOOL OF BUSINESSIS REOPENED.The Fugazzi School of Business, atson's biggest amusement event, in as Lexington, attended by several Parismuch at this vaudeville bill comprisessome of the best talent on the road.The bill" is as follows: The MusicalMunro's, a refined musical novelty;Nat Ford, that impersonator, in asomewhat different act; the DancingDa Prous, a sensational dancingnovelty, featuring Master Louis,America's youngest professionaldrumjmer and performer; Lasere andLesere, artistic aerialists; Lessik Anita and Co., a unique attraction beautiful; the Bennetts in a singing,dancing, comedy and musical act;Dorva and DeLeoir, in gems fromgrand opera; Nellie Sterling, thedainty little vocalist, Howard Preston, that Jass Boy, in vaudeville,Jimmie Baerd, a few remarks inblack, with George Ebel as director,and J. G. Cook, on drum. Seat salewill open next Saturday at usualplace.people reopened yesterday under thenrinninalshin of Mrs. L.'B. Jones, formerly assistant Ao Miss Irene Fugazzi. The same courses are being offered, and the instruction will continueon the same basis as under the management of Miss Fugazzi. Miss Sallie Bell Baker has been .recentlychosen secretary of the institutionand Miss Mary Baker Harrison hasbeen added to the list of instructors.oTEACHERS' EXAMINATION.The County Board of Examinersheld sessions in the office of CountySuperintendent J. B. Cay wood, in thecourt house, Friday and Saturday, beginning at 8:30 o'clock. Examinations for teachers' diplomas werenriiintPri for n, lartre number ofteachers, both white and colored.FRANK & CO.SADIES' OUTFITTERSCLEARANCE,,,, SALENOW GOING ON' One of the best sales made at theBourbon Tobacco Warehouse Co.'ssale yesterday went on record when acrop of 3,705 pounds of tobacco belonging to Miss Elizabeth Grimes andJos. Johnson brought an average of$71.04. The crop started at $65and only two for less than that price.The Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCompany sold yesterday a total of271,490 pounds of tobacco for$131,523.94, an average of ? 4 8.40. Thequality of the offerings was fair, andthe bidding by buyers spirited.Some4f the crop averages follow:Wyatt & Linville, 4,420 pounds,average $54.16; Caldwell & Fuller,2,655 pounds, average $38.19; Jones& Harmond, 2,430' pounds, average$40.04; Clay & Collfns, 6,355 pounds,average $42.19; Craft & Kenney, 4,035 pounds, average $38.45;Burris &Reed, 3,105 pounds, average $50.72;Woodford & Howard, 3,625 pounds,average $64.72; Flanders & Carter,6,040 pounds, average $45.13; Ardery & Offitt, 2,690 pounds, average$61.47; Thos. McClam, 6,575 pounds,average $55.75; Burke, Brent & MfcDuffy, 13,785 pounds, average,$51.78; Hall & Myers, 3,600 pounds,average $44.56- Dalzell & "Williams,3,475 pounds, average $52.81; Gaits-kill & Stevens, 3,565 pounds, aver-INTERESTING LETTER -FROMSECRETARY DENNIS V. SNAPP.Mr. Dennis V. Snapp, of Paris,who is in Birmingham, Alabajma, attending a meeting of the SouthernSecretaries of Field Work for theMethodist church, writes THENEWS the following interesting letter: "Birmingham, Ala., Jan. 25, 1919."THE BOURBON NEWS, Paris, Ky.- "My stay in Birmingham has beena most enjoyable one. The divisionalpresidents' meeting of the EpworthLeague came to a close yesterday afternoon. At the close of the lastsession of our gathering the AlabamaState Epworth League Cabinet treated the visiting presidents to an automobile tour in and around Birminghajm. There is every evidenee hereof, wealth and a growing businesstown. Since visiting Atlanta, Ga.,and then Birmingham, I am of theopinion that" the South will soon rivalthe North as a business section, forthese two Southern cities are on theboom. Birmingham is progressive,hospitable and has a city pride.There are some magnificent buildingshere and I never saw as many up-to-datehotels and restaurants. Theresident section is very beautiful.One very striking characteristicthat has come to my attention is thatgirls are filling places, which areusually filled by men in Kentucky.All operators of elevators are women. Any nupiber of the barbershops has women barbers and thereis quite an incentive for me to getshaved two and three times a day.In the theatres, picture shows andopera houses we are very graciouslyushered to our seats by ,as attractivegirlsas you will find anywhere, andI am from Kentucky and recognizethe fact in making this statement. The fair sex" are also newspaper reporters. Every time one ofthese fair reporters come to the- hotelto write up our meeting there was always a dispute as to who would bethe one to be interviwed. The lastone secured our photograph for oneof the Birmingham dailies.W have decided to have a similarmeeting of the State Presidents eachyear and after what I have said youwill not be surprised to know thatBirmingham has been chosen as themeeting place for our annual assemblies. All of the bechelor-presidentswere unanimous in this decision.The obiect of these gatherings isage $42.15; Caywoodfc Coburn, 7.- ?to consider the program for our075 pounds, average $32.82; Collins . summer State Confei cures and the& Bishop, 4,050 pounds, aveiajre 'DCrs0nnel of faculty for same and to$63.39; Redmon & W. TUCKer, j,400 pounds, average $59.98; Ed.Kennedy. 3,235 pounds, averagein- the week. Ireland gave glowingdescriptions of life in the" big"9f rucIN THE SERVICE OF THEIR ampP' ana llfces tb-e Golden Wat,COUNTRY.but there's always the postscript .-mi i. iucic.j uj pia.ce on earxn iijcgood old Kentucky, and Paris is therose in the garden."A number of. Paris boys who wentoverseas with the 113th Trench Mor-tor Battery, have arrived at CampHarmon Turner, who has been stationed at the Great Lakes NavallatAr at tho ww Vorrf a.t TTamTitvn -Zachary Taylor, where they will kmRoads, Va., has returned to his mustered out of the service and rehome near this city, having been m ,r oms- the6e meahonorably discharged from the ser-1 VrmeIy inl ?e Ive,ntucky Statevice. Turner was in the aviation ' 2LUla' and'TT fr,m Pari? to G"tbranch of the naval service. i , l ,aai"our5, miss., wiuime jventucicy iNaxionai liuard.Maj. A. J. Skillman, fornierly ofParis, who is now with the AmericanExpeditionary Forces in Prance, hassent his father, Mr. Charles M. Skillman, of Paris, a German helmet.Maj. Skillman, who landed in Franceon June 7, had just returned froma trip through Belgium into Germany, when he came Into possessionof the helmet, which he nabbed asa war trophy and souvenir.Tabott, WPraPJwAthod that will tend) ; Ward & D6fiffard,efficieny a y0Unjtt t1$jarm. -v'I,??nSpecial Prices OnSHEETSSHEETING .BLANKETS, -COTTONBATTS, - For Comforts4I:e-..VExtra Special PricesV$32.04; G. Saveraere $42.003,32J) pounds, average ?dd.uu; x. ..Wilson, 3,540 pounds, average $57.14; Witherall & Doyle, 2,700 pounds,average $49.12; Trabue & Maharney,2,865 pounds, average $55.26;Boardman & Maharney, 2,865pounds, average $43.89; Utterback,& Son, 2,730 pounds, average $54.73;Rogers & Morgan & Son, 2,385pounds, average $55.87; Talbott &Martin, 3,050 pounds, averageS49.41t- Linville & Jleeves. 3,530pounds, average $53.50; Clay &Branell, 4,290 pounds, average $50.39; Howard & Florence, 2,685pounds, average $42.17; Clay S Stanfield, 7,670 pounds, average $42.39;Marr & Humphries, 3,300 pounds,average $41.53; Utterback & Golden,2,920 pounds, average $&b.db; aoper& Wasson, 5,545 pounds, average$67.98; Weil & Breeze, 4,045 pounds,average $39.45; Hutsell & Carter,2,805 pounds, average $40.76; BurkeBrent & Young, 11,400 pounds, .average $54.05; Wyatt & Fogle, 2,670nonnds. average $37.64; Current & Howard, 3,670 pounds,average $53.31; Hall & Perkins,2,645 pounds, average $50.59;Terrell & Prather,. 3,360 pounds,average $51.50; Clay, Houston &Leach, 6,660 pounds, average $58.24;McCray & Menifee, 4,410 pounds, average, $65.07; Grimes & Johnson,3,705 pounds, average $71.04; Rash& Case, 8,400 pounds, average $59.05; Mclntyre & Towney, 3,470pounds, average $65.87; Crouch &Mason, 3,565 pounds, average $49.71; Wesley Florence, 2,405 pounds,average $47.69.r2JkiVXcA?--V '; 'SUITSCOATSand DRESSES; REMNANTS OF ALL KINDSit.',Jmv NVvstS-X'FRANK '& CO?LADIES' OUTFITTERSalso secure speakers and teachers forthe various phases of our work. Wealso discuss plans of co-operation andto increaseour efficiency as a young peoples organization. One ofhe most important features of the meeting thisyear was to forward plans for thegreat" Missionary Centenary of theMethodist church. Of the $35,000,000 to be raised within the next fiveyears the Epworth League was thefirst of our church organizations topledge a definite part. The Leaguesof Southern Methodism will raise$380,000 in addition to furnishinghundreds of "missionary volunteerswho will go to the foreign fields. Itis an interesting fact and a pride ofall Epworthians that during the pastquarter of a century the EpworthLeague has furnished the majority ofthe missionaries to foreign and homefields.To-night I am planning to leaveBirmingham and from here will goto Nashville to visit our church publishing "house. While in Nashville Ihope to have an opportunity to callon 'Bro. Morgan, and if possible tohear him preach. Will be in Kentucky next week."Best regards to all,"DENNIS V. SNAPP."Private Richard Lucas is at homefrom thearmy camp at Ft. Wayne,Mich., where he received his finaldischarge papers from the service.He is a guest of his parents, Mr. andMrs, Squire Lucas. He will resumehis former position with the International Harvester Machine Co., in Indiana. His brother, Private ArchieLucas, "also" of Paris, has arrivedfrom Camp Meade, Md., for a visitto his parents. .Corporal Charles .Baughner, ofHutchison, writes to friends in thiscity stating that he had arrived atCamp Sherman, near Chillecothe,Ohio, after a long and uneventfulvoyage overseas from France. Hewill return to Paris as sion as hereceives his final discharge papers.Corp. Baughner was wounded September 30 in the battle of ArgonneWoods, and had been in an armyhospital a portion of the time.Ed. C. Doty returned Sunday nightfrom New York, where he receiyedhis final discharge papers from thnaval service. The Nevada, on whichDoty was stationed, will sail in February, for a cruise in Cuban wateryW. O. Pennington, of Paris, who accompanied Doty home, was recalled.Saturday to his ship, the Oklahoma,which is being prepared for thecruise in Cuban waters.Mr. Mitchell B. Jackson, of theHotel Fordham, received an interesting letter yesterday from Corp.Edgar W. Dodge, who js still in theservice overseas.. He is stationednow in Germany, as a member of Co. -L.,First Pioneer Infantry, of thaAmerican Expeditionary Forces. Theletter will be published in our nextissue, owing to its having.; been handed us too late for publication iiuthisissue. In one place he tells of taking part in a wild boar hunt withseveral of his comrades.At- the North Middletown Christian church recently the edifice wasfilled with a crowd that listened attentively to the relation of the experiences of a Bourbon county soldier, Private Frank Taylor, latelyreturned from the war zone. Pri6vate Taylor told his auditors in amost interesting way of his trip overseas, through England, into France,of how he reached the battlefront, ofthe fighting he participated, andof how he capie near losing hia lifeuHe was shot five times in the leg imone of the engagements, but managed to drag himself into a shell hole,where he remained three days andnights without food or water or firebefore he was discovered and"brought in." He was unable toFirst Lieut. Edwin Sweeney, ofthe United States Army, who has recently returned from overseas service in France, is here from CampGrant, for a visit to his mother; Mrs.John S. Sweeney, on Higgins avenue. His brother, Lieut. John S.Sweeney, formerly of Paris, is inthe American Expeditionary Forces.- mase -noise enuugu to f "Another brother, Ensign J. Mpnroe turn, but was Anally able to do so bySweeney, has been in the aviation thi l owing dirt in the air from shellbranch of the navy, but is now at , nole , barely being able s to do this Ahome on a furlough! Passing Red Cross detail found himland took him to a hospital, wherehe lay for twelve hours before hiswounds could receive attention. HeHuns andwears a medal ne received ror capt-Ireland "Bit" Davis, another of4.1. (cnMiMlMNn v?ofi fo " -nrVir TirOf-if"piJSCJ--?3iS3rrtAday aiiernoon. jsil uau ueeii at rArmjni machine cun andver, Washington, returned home -M J8 SJT ciSw! . SSCamp Taylor several days awaiting "" maviorSyas riven a reception afhis final discharge papers. He says eaking receP "Fred Miller will be the next arrival, ter tne sPeaKms-Jakie Saloshin having arrived earlier . (Continued on Pag 8.)lWE KNOW HOWAT THE ALAMO THEATRE ANDPARIS GRAND.PARISWINS THREEBALL GAMES.BASKETAt the Alamo to-day,.Tnniiarv 28. Victor Moore, in"Snobs:" William Duncan, in the lastepisodeof "A Fight For Millions;"Antonio Moreno and Carol Halloway.in the new serial photoplay, "TheIron Test."At the Paris Grand to-night, Tuesday, January -2 8. An entire changeof program. Renfax Musical MotionPictures; William Duncan,, in thelast episode of "A Fight For Millions;" Antonio Moreno and CarolHrilloway. in the new serial photo-Lplay; 'The Iron Test." vWednesday, January 29, at the AlI amo and the Grand For the firsttipie en any screen, Fred stone,America's- foremost comedian, in"The ,Goat;" Big V Comedy, "Roofsand Riots:" Paramount Pictograph.Thursday, January 30, at. the Alamo and the Grand Alice Brady, in"Her Great Chance;" Screen Magazine; Universal Comedy, "The;Vamp."5 o4 ' - 'Vr MOVES OFFICE.Attorney John J. Williams hasmoved his office from the court houseto a suite of rooms on tne iqun.ufloor ofbuilding.It- took some struggling to put'em over, but in the games at the Y.M. C. A., Friday night, Paris did thetrick, and took all three games ofbasket ball from theirN opponents.In the game between the ParisHigh School girls' team and thegirls' team from, the WinchesterHigh School, Paris rolled 'em high tothe tune bf 31 to 5, scoring a cleancut victory by superior playing, outro ana lino- thp Win oh ester eirls fromTuesday, j the very start. In the play MissVallette McClintock. of the Paristeam, was slightly injured when sne Ifell on her arm, slightly twisting tnemember. She pluckily refused to retire from the game, but was finallyinduced to do so.the First Rational Bank,Js:-In the game between the ParisHigh School boys' team, and theteam from the Lexington Model HighSchool, Paris went over the top by ascore of 35 to 3, in a game that wasjust a trifle tneided. The Parisboys stated hefore the game thatthey were going to put it across, andthey did it, by Heck!In the third game, played between the Paris High School and theWinchester High School teams, Parisagain shewed the Winchester teamhow to play .basket ball by runningup a score of 31 as against their opponents' tally of 24.All the games were witnessed bya lare-fi nrowu. wuu vic6U ..good play, whether made by the hometeams -or their opponents. xiwa.ci.ball has always had a strong noia inParis, and future games are sure toreceive a Jarge patronage. It is aclean, wholesome sport, and one thatthe patrons always take a -great interest in. -' " .;WINTERHAS JUST BEGUNiAnd to be comfortable and warm you mustthe right kind of clothes. Our Suits and Overcoatsyou will find to be excellent values forlj$30.00$35.00$40.00T,All wool garments that will stand the wear and tearthajt winter time weateer brings on clothing wornoutdbors.IProtect Your FeetFrom Ice and SnowABy wearing Dr. Reed' Cushion Sole Shoes, madewith an invisible cork sole that not only makesyour feet feel comfortable, but keeps the dampnessout and protects them from the cold. I$9.00 PER PAIR JfNettleton Fine Shoes in winter weights, calfskins and kids, $12.00 per pair.MITCHELL & BLAKEMOREsA;-?K-v'-k-v iXv I ' s . sr ,.Sr ZX.J -X; -it .-4 .-s.'i-V5-TwSfrv''..if4-iff- .4c",-d'JTX 1i7"XWf-,Ti -5-'".yv"sas,.a, " '.,'. j' -,Mflfca& ' 3. a. . -a -'-VjT glCttTTWOWE BOURBON NEWStofctWiihed 188157 Years of Continuous PublicationWWidued Erery Tuesday and PridayTc Yer..?2.00 & Months.. 11.00Payable In Adavance.fWTPT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.Idttterad at the Paris, Kentucky,Poctoffice as MaU Matter of theSecond Claw.) -Any .erroneous reflection upon thefchafaotsr, standing or reputation offtsy yenon, firm, or corporation whichpayanpear In the columns of THEPOURBON NEWS will be gladly cor-Jraod-ifbrought to attention of theaJltor.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, SL00 perIch for, first time; 50 cents per Inchaoh subsequent Insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineacllssue; reading notices in blackjtyps, 20 cents per line, each Issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candl4ats, obituaries "and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisesaenU and yearly contracts.Th .right of publisher Is reseivedto ffeollhe any advertisement or othersnattef' for publication.Announcements for political officessaust Invariably be accompanied byth- cask.Z, EDITORIAL MUSINGS.-Thin Clouds.We have watched with keen interest the .awakening of love in twoyoung; hearts in Paris. The girl is apretty lass who still wears her hair,itt braid and the boy a sturdy ladwith his geometry and Virgil under-his'arm. We have known both sincethey" were babies. We have watchedtbep on their way to school. They&i3ine? health youngsters, at thatinei-ry period of life which is likethe radiant dawn of an April mom-iMg." But just at present the clouds obscurg the blue sky of their youthful4ream. They are "mad" at eachother,. Were you. ever "mad" at thelittle Jass who wore her hair in a2raid. and tossed her pretty head indisdain when she met you on herwa.jr o scnooir men you canfeeZ the sinking of the heart whichmakes the lad of whom we write somiserable.It ail capne about in the most natural way. A strange little girl cameto Paris for a visit vThe boy mether and found that she was such anice little girl. Not nearly so nice,of course, as the blue-eyed little lasswith her hair in a braid. But shewas nice and he talked with her ontheMreets of Paris. The little girlwith the braided hair met them andtheai the mischief was done. This isRlI.C.Not much to write about, you say?It is much to the sweethearts and wesire interested in them. The lad isorry and wretched because the girlia. the case won' speak to him now.The little stranger, the innocentcause of all the trouble, has goneKbaie, and is busy; with her own littte heart flutters.We hdpe--thestonn may be but anApril' showei&aad that the sun ofness-onay sMne for the youngj5fcerT again"" before they read thisffepL Anyway, we won't tell anypo&ji; else who they are, -for In thepresence of a little tragedy like thiswb iflesire to keep all the particularsto ourselves, with the hope that wemay.see the finish, as the novelistssay.? "Finis."'j as -Worrying: Helped You?1 Iaiairyour life did you ever gainanything, ever get the slightest benttfrom worrying over any situation? Did it ever help you to- bearyour1 burden better or - to make itlighter? What have all the years ofworrying in the past done for you?You know that worrying has donenothing but- sap your vitality, loweryouVcourage, weaken your initiative,liasldiicap -your executive ability anddijstlraes and confuse your mind, thusujLftttiflg you for clear thinking anddeciive acting. It has probably cutoff years of your life. It has deepened the furrows in your face, whitened your hair, put a drag on yoursteps and taken the spontaneous andbmiyancy out of your life. It hasgiaftto y6u a poorer friend, a lessZgjLeable and less effective partneraJcomrade1, whether in businessor&i sooial life. It has crippledyT efforts and your business.Mijutitudes of days have Been prettywarily ruined hy worry and anxiety.5fear of disaster, pf .misfortune, ofMble failure, has been your worstjMny. You have harbored it, welcomed it, encouraged it by dwellingup it, listening to its doubts andlqf predictions. Mutitudes of peoy4 who have harbored it have beenru&ftd by it. It has filled our poorheftfes. our insane asylums, our hosJiVw -raa.Tvis the great humance.Okeer Is What We Weed.PijMXt ,.chert ,is what we all"wifcwFi jutnow. leaviag thejiifcrr fr the flamboyant and egot-r 4." .'..'istical to whom?"-it iffUf. onlytisfylng food. The return of" the influenza epidemic news of' sicknessand the loss of dear ones, in manyfamilies, causes a geat deal of sadness in the community and consequently very few plans for entertaining or of being gay in any waysocially. W.e fain would all be well;have the scars of battles of everykind healed and see strength of mindand body, peace and plenty holdingentire sway again. Contentmentmay be fatal to progress as somephilosopher has expressed it, but onefails to see any very rapid stridesmade as the result of the great and"all-for-grabbing" discontent whichhas put the world all awry and setwhole countries back -centuries in, rebuilding and reconstruction.And so the soldiers do not wish tobe flattered, or ask many and foolish questions, or reminded too muchof gory experiences. They justwant a glad welcome, an assuranceof appeciation, to get their jobs backor some other work which will afforda support and self respect and achance to rest and recuperate in acheerful and healthful place if tiredand worn from long service. Theyawake in the night sometimes at anoutside sudden sound which recallsto them the horrors that the poetcalls "The sequel of it.""What Goes Up?"There is an old adage that thatwhich goes up must come down, andphilosophical Americans are tryingto figure out the answer on theirbills with the baker, the grocer, andthe candlestick maker. With ?2.20a bushel guaranteed wheat growersfor the 1918 and 1919 crops, theproblem is filled with complications,inasmuch as wheat, to a large extent, is a yardstick for determiningthe prices of foodstuffs in general.American farmers raised 900,000,000bushels of wheat last year, and ofthis there is still an exportable surplus of 275,000,000 to 325,000,000bushels. It is as certain as daylightthat Europe is not going to take oursurplus 1919 wheat crop at anywhere near the price guaranteed thefarmer; and in view of this contingency advocates are attempting todiscount future months by urgingthe Government to pocket a loss ofthree quarters of a billion dollars onthe 1918 wheat crop, thus permittingwheat to seek its natural level.Wheat as the great food commodity,will need to be sustained against thefall that lies before it. If, whatgoes up must copne down, then eithercommodity or wages must break.When one breaks it will bring- theother down with it. Wheat is animportant element in the problem.Another War?News items have It that alreadyGermany is preparing for anotherwar. We expected it. The only wayto rid the world of the Hun beastsis to exterminate the entire race,and this should have been done whenwe had the chance. The editor ofTHE NEWS may not live to see it,but he firmly believes that the Hunswill make another endeavor to conquer the world. The Allies had themwhipped to a standstill when thearmistice was signed, and it is a pitythat they were not allowed to; finishthe job that they had begun well.Gen. Foch looks for another war tobe started by , the Germans, and saysthey are now making preparationsfor it, and he ought to know what heis talking about.' Movie News.Two ladies attended the pictureshow '. at the Grand the other evening and had a most unpleasant experience. Two old men were sittingbehing them chewing tobacco assiduously. They emptied their mouths ofthe accumulated juice at such regular and frequent intervals that a veritable stream of the filthy spit soonwas running beneath the ladies'skirts. In a short time a pool ofthe nasty stuff had gathered abouttheir feet and soaked their dresses.We can find no words to expressour detestation of such men and aretempted to print their names so thatyother ladies may give them a wideberth when they see them at thepicture show.oCOMMUNITY POULTRY RAISINGENCOURAGED.The formation,, of communitypoultry-breeding associations is being encouraged by the Bureau of Animal Industry of the United StatesDepartment of Agriculture xas 'a partof its effort to assist in improvingflocks and making poultry raisingmore attractive. Prominent amongthe advantages of community interest in better poultry are concentration of effort oh one variety, opportuntles for collective marketing,economy in buying and .selling Ibreeding stock, and increased skill inpoultry .management. Already 48poultry-breeding association's havebeen formed. In Virginia a BarredPlymouth Rock Association has developed a co-operative selling plan ofa, size that requires a manager, tohandle the business. Organizationsxf this kind are not only beneficialto the members, but by stimulating alarger output of high-quality poultryproducts they benefit the public aswell.A collection of $5,020for the A1 . C. was recently- made on board.', V " i-O. jperluTOE BOUIBOi; 1H&WS,MILLERSBURGMrs. Russell Mitchell, MissAletta Wilson and Mr. Harry Linville, who are confined to theirhomes with the "flu" are improvingnicely.Mrs. America Tarr, Mr. and Mrs.Layson Tarr and daughter, MissKatherine Tarr, have gone to Umatilla, Florida, to spend the remainderof the winter.The local Red Cross Chaptershipped a few days ago a refugee boxconsisting of the following: 86morning jackets, 3 baby spreads.Work on layettes will begin at once.Dr. and Mrs. Lyke and littledaughter, of Fairfax, Iowa, Mrs.Edith Young and Mrs. WalterYoung, of ""Carlisle, were guests forthe week-end of Mrs. Ottie Youngand Miss Anita Wood.Mrs. Ada McClintock anddaughter, Miss Ruth McClintock,are guests at the home of Mr. Wan.G. McClintock, in Paris, during theabsence of Mrs. McClintock, who isvisiting relatives in Atlanta, Ga.Rev. Helm, of Parkersburg, W.Va., began a series of meetings at theChristian church Sunday. He is apleasing speaker and is drawing eroodaudiences. The meetings will continue"" through the week, every evening at 7:00.Mr. David Cassidy sold his homelast Friday, on the Cynthiana pike,north of Millersburg, to Mr. J. A.Butler, price $3,600. Mr. and Mrs.Cassidy will move in a few weeks torooms in his property, recently purchased from Miss Nancy Louise' Best.The M. C. opened last Wednesday with a good enrollment. It willbe remembered that the school wasclosed about three weeks ago on account of the "flu" epidemic. Theyoung ladies are all well, the building thoroughly disinfected and theinstitution is once more in workingorder. "sThere will be a W. C. T. U. ratification (meeting at the MethodistChurch Sunday evening, Feb. 2, toretify the prohibition constitutionalamendment. Among the speakerspresent will be the Rev. H. C. Morrison, of Louisville, and Mrs. HarrietBeauchamp, of Lexington. Publiccordially invited.Mr. R. S. Letton has resignedhis position in the office of the Millersburg Coal and Lumber Co., andwill grow a crop of tobacco this yearon the farm of Mr F. L. Vimont.Mr. Letton was most efficient in theoffice of the company, and it is withmany regrets that botlr the companyand patrons give him up.Mrs. M. E. Pruitt entertained anumber of the little folks Fridayfrom 3 to 5 p. m., in honor of theeighth birthday of her little son,Master James Pruitt. A 'good timewas experienced by all present.Ices and cake were served. Amongthose present were: Misses SarahMiller Best, Mary Louise Borner,Mary Alice Courtney, Masters William and Hart Miller, AlexanderBruce, Clay Stone and Robert Chanslor. The little folks were entertainedby Misses Elizabeth Pruitt, sister ofJames, assisted by Bernice Borner..Mr. Amos Jameson, aged eightythree, died after a lingering illness atthe home of his daughters, MissesKatherine and Amy Jameson, inGreenville, O., Thursday. Mr. Jameson was a native of Millersburg, thegreater part of his life having beenspent here. For a number of yearshe owned a farm near town, operating" it successfully. He was a cultured gentleman, far above the average in intellect, a good neighbor, aloving husband and an Indulgent fa- jther. tie was united eany in me toMiss Sue Barton, who preceded hfm Ito the grave a number of years ago.Their union was blessed with fourchildren, three daughters, Mrs. A. L.Slicer, of Paris, Misses Katherineand Amy Jameson, of Greenville, Q:rall of whom survive him, and oneson, Mr. Barton Jameson, who diedsome years ago at Greenville, 0. Heis also survived by one sister, Mrs.MaCtfe Myers, of Cynthiana. . For anumber of years Mr. Jameson wasprominent in Bourbon county politics, and was a member of the Botetbon Fiscal Court, from the Millersburg-precinct. About fifteen yearsago he retired from active businesslife, since which time he has resFdedwith his daughters, Misses Amy andKatherine Jameson, at Greenville; O.The remains arrived in Paris, Saturday morning, and were interred" inthe Millersburg Cemetery Sunday atthree p. m., after a short service atthe grave. Quite a number- offriends and relatives were presentfrom Paris, Cynthiana and Carlisle.oFEW CENTS DESTROYSYOUR DANDRUFF ANFSTOPS FALLING HAIRSaveYour Hair! .Make Itr Thick,Wavy and Beautiful.Try This!Thin, brittle, colorless and" scraggyhair is mute evidence of a neglectedscalp; of dandruff that awfulscurf.There is nothing so destructive tothe hair as dandruff. It robs hehair of its lustre, its strength and itsvery life; eventually producing a feverishness and itching- of the scalpyforever stopping itching and fallinghair. t jBut what will please you most willbe after a few weeks' use when youwill actually see new hair flue anddowny at first yes; but really newhair growing all over the scalp. Ifyou care for pretty, soft hair andlots of it, surely get a small bottleof Knowlton's Danderine from anydruggist or toilet counter for a fewcents. (adv)oThe famous Casino at Vichy,France, stripped of its roulettewheels, has been converted into unAmerican officers' club by the A.R. C.-oThe A.,R. (L has established a completely equipped military hospital atCognac, Finance, for the sick iindwounded of the Czecho-Solvalc forces.JPASIS; mffOTCKYSTANDARDBOOK COMMISSIONHOLDS MEETING.At the first meeting of the newState Text Book Cojmmission, held, inFrankfort, Tuesday, Governor Stanley cautioned the members of thecommission not to exercise their authority needlessly in the adoption ofthe 40 per cent, of the subjects whichthey may do under the law. Thecost of school books, Governor Stanley explained, was large, and he saidthat school books' would last a longtime if properly handled. He saidthat the parents of children shouldnot be put to useless expense. Thecommission will meet February 11 toconsider the adoptions.The commission met at the mansion, as Governor Stanley was too indisposed to be at the capital. Thefollowing resolution was adopted, andthe cojmmission adjourned:"Be it resolved, That all personsor publishers offering books to thiscommission may submit their bidsand copies of the books publishedor offered, together with writtenstatements advocating the adoptionof such books. Such statements andsamples of books may be furnished tothe individual members of this commission. "Every meeting of this commission shall be in open session and allhearings shall be held in the presence of the whole commission, andno private hearings or interviews ofany. character or description shallbe permitted. No member of thiscommission shall at any time, permit any private hearings or interview with any agent or publisher."The secretary of this commission is directed to furnish copies ofthese resolutions to all members and"other persons offering books to thiscommission and they all shall be furnished with copies of advertisementsfor bids."Be it further resolved, That alldealers shall keep on hand sufficientsupply of text Tooks and that theyshall secure the same without delayand at a minimum of expense incident to delivery. For that reasonthe commission directs that booksadopted shall be distributed fromHeadquarters ForTwo Best GradesAA and 44Elk River BrandPARISRACKET STOREH. B. CARR, Prop.(jan24-3t)COTTON" -i:-V LET THE -t ;I ;;;VFORDSON"":-. 'I DO YOUR WORK C ;: T Why not increase the efficiencyon your farm with a Erordson flHI " Tractor? ' IIILet our regular Tractor man HIHI demonstrate the' frordson to you. 11 ;",I . I ,; Ruggles Motor Co. ; 1HI Bank Row, Paris, Ky. . . 1rt , v . " - - ' n . - "F ' ' . - s S "3-some point within.;, this s coinmonwealth and a compliaiSse with thiscondition shall be required -from alldealers and agents. It is, therefore,directed that the successful biddersshall determine upon some person orfirm to whom shall be delegated thepower to distribute such adoptedbooks and? to attend Co the collectionof all charts incident thereto."Dissolution Notice.The firm of Stone & Tarr has beenmutually dissolved, as of January 1,1919, Mr. Stone retiring and Mr,Tarr taking charge of the business.All parties owing firm are requestedto call and settle.(24-3tF) STONJE;'& TARR.WANTEDWhite girls to work in laundry.Apply in person at laundry plant.No telephone .calls.BOURBON STEAM LAUNDRY.(24-2t)Furs and HidesWe pay highest prices for iron,hides, junk and wool.MUNICH & WIDES & CO.,Eighth St., Paris, Ky.,Cumb. Phone 371.(23-tf)Executors' SaleovValuable City Property, Bank Stockand Bonds.The undersigned, as executors of the estate of Missr Annie Kelly, deceased, will offer at public sale- at the Court House door, in Paris, Ky., atabout the hour of 10:30 a. m., onMonday, February 3, 1919,tJfie following real estate, stocks and bonds: 4EEM, ESTATE "One frame cottage on Higgins avenue, now occupied by George McWilliams. House contains 4. rooms, bath, electric lights, gas and water.House in first-class condition, having been recently painted and repaired.Good' cistern on the premises.One frame cottage on the south side of Seventh street, now occupiedby John E. McCarthy. House contains 4 rooms and bath, electric lights,gas- and water. House in first-class condition, having been recently painted" and repaired.Inspection of the property invited at .any time before day of sale?STOCKS AND BONDS63 shares Capital Stock Peoples-Deposit Bank & Trust Co. ' .F shares L. & N. R. R. stock. .'3 Bourbon County (Court House) Bonds $1,00 0 bonds.2 TJ. S. Liberty Bonds ?1,00G bonds. - "1 IT. S. War Savings Certificate:The bank stock will be sold in blocks of five sharesTERMS Stocks and Bondsv cash. Real estate, 1-3 cash, balance in -Gand 12 months, for which deferred payments, the purchaser will be required to execute his notejj, payable to the said executors, with interest at6 per cent, from date of sale, to secure payment, of which a lien will beretained on the premises; or the- purchaser may have the privilege of Daying all cash.E. H. GOUEY,m . D. C. PAKRISH, 'Executors of the Estate of Mis3 Annie Kelly, Deceased rM. F. KENNEY, Auctioneer.(17-28-31)sTUESDAY JANUARY 2SV1S1I.WANTEDWanted to buy second hand, furniture, stoves, carpets and all kinds offhoueshold goods. We pay cash.(24-3t) J. ELVOVE.Removal Notice.I have moved my office from thecourt house to fourth floor of FirstNational Bank building.(3t-pd) JOHN J. WILLIAMS.Business OpportunitiesLady or gentleman to represent usin Bourbon county to handle one ofthe highest class propositions on themarket. It entails a small inyeatment. This proposition offers Terrlarge Immediate earnings, with anunlimited future. Highest referencesneeded and a personal interview InIndianapolis if possible. Apply Mr.Marquis, 305 Merchants Bank Building Indianapolis. (21-2t)FOR RENT.tStore room, fronting on Main,stree't in Masonic Temple.Single room, second floor, runningwater, elevator acommodations, foroffice use or living apartment. 4..0. T. HJNTON,Agt., Masonic Temple.. xa:r,-l 1- $&'Jt.P""" & "v&&' y':,''" i"v -,&:a-S.vi -;-$&'V f"'' &".,-iy.2-'".TUESDAY, JANUARY 28, 1919.f i rt,,TEE BOTFRBOHHEWS,212I&XEHTUGHV4J.3'nSAYS MERiTQNEBROUGHT HIMAID AFTER FLU.-Nashville Man Thanks New TonicFor Improvement of HealthAfter Influenza.J. W. Allen, 1607 Twenty-firstavenue, north, Nashville, employe ofthe Western Union Telegraph Compayn, says, Meritone, the tonic ofreal merit, helped to get him hackto health after he had had influenza."The influenza left me with apretty had cough," Mr. Allen said."The color in my face was aboutgone, too. I didn't have any appelate. In, fact, after working all dayI wouldn't have any appetite andwould just about have to force myself to eat."Meritone changed all this. Ihadn't been taking Meritone morethan a few days until the cough wasgone."I kept on taking Meritone andgot to looking so much better and mycolor came back so well, that mywife remarked about it."Meritone gave me a fine appetite,too. I feel mighty hungry when Iget home from work and can eatanything."I've been bothered with constipation for years also and the one bottle of Meritone which I have justfinished taking has relieved it."If you have had influenza or pneumonia and are all run down andweakened as a result, take Meritone,the tonic of real merit and get backyour strength. Meritone also isrecommended for disorders of thesystem such as stomach, liver andkidney trouble, catarrhal complaintsand rheumatism or for enriching theblood.You can get Meritone at G. S. Varden & Son's.p. (adv)i oTTNIVEBSITY OF KENTUCKY COIk, LEGE OF AGRICULTURE.The lifting of the influenza regulations in Lexington, which actionwas taken on December 17th, is having an effect upon the entire State,by reason of the fact that the seriesof short courses in agriculture, whichthe University of Kentucky had intended to offer, could not be attended by civilians, so long as theregulations existed.Many people from all part ofKentucky have inquired repeatedlyabout being .admitted and quite anumber actually came to Lexingtononly to find that the University wasclosed, to all persons except the students in military training already atthe University.The influenza was not s6 severein Lexington as it was in manyplftces, but extra precautions weretaken on account of the many schoolsand colleges there, and the fact thatthe University wafe an army camp.The stringency of the regulationsmay have had much to do with thecomparative lightness of the scourgein Lexington,Persons; all over Kentucky will beinterested "to know that the two. weeks courses, in agriculture, wereresupned December Stith. They are, free' to everyone A new series ofcourses opens every other Monday.oIn Illinois, the Handicap Bureaua new division of the U. S. Employment Bureau, has found positionsfor 412 crippled soldiers of the A.E. F.oThe Red Cross has just completedplans for -projecting movies on theceilings of. hospital wards for theYankee veterans who cannot sit up.MMIIIIMIIIHH!Hil(IHIIIIIIIIIIlllllllMIMItllA -MHjHHBjMtaThe J. T. Hinton Co.UNDER TAKMRSAND MMBAIMBRS, l.l .MainaiMlStethStreetsParisMiter MtMlpwitnt,ftntttfi Cfech.Kim ufHlHrffiMMnli .:v.V "-III I JJI.I M -THE GBAVES BESIDE THE ROADThe war was over for thejtn, evenbefore Austria capitulated and Germany sued for peace these menwhose graves line the roads inNorthern Italy. They fought thegood fight, fought it through daysof adversity, when, in common withtheir allies in arms' in Prance, fortune seemed to frown upon themfought it to the moment when a shellor a bullet sounded, for each, war'slast call. And their graves line theroads in Italy, from the Piave to theTagliamento, and beyond.During the early days'of NovemberAmerican Red Cross trucks and capi-ions ana ambulances rushed overallthese roads, carrying loads of foodfor the almost famished civil population. The Austrian .army was routed! The Austrian army was surrendering! Austria was suing for peacepeace at the allies terms! Andeverywhere along the roads ihe RedCross cars passed the graves themen to whom peace had come' a longtime before the war graves theclusters of graves with simple littlewooden crosses, nestlingtogether inthe edges of untilled fields besidethe roads the graves that had beenfilled in the edges of untilled fieldsbeside the roads the graves thathad been filled to make this day ofvictory.And during the succeeding daysand weeks the Red Cross cars continued to churn through the dust or the(mud or the snow over all these roadsof Northern Italy. The Austrianshad left no food. In simple truththey had none to leave. The countrywas practically destitute. Save forthe supplies brought by the RedCross the peoplef had almost nothingto eat. And, on the heels of Austria's surrender came the Germanplea for an armistice; the eesationof hostilities on the western front ofFrance. And the rows of graves inuntilled fields beside the roads inNorthern Italy, where the Red Crosscars went by, seemed to have an added sublimity, an .added pathos.They called to the mind's eye pictures of other graves, from the NorthSea to the Adriatic, in deserts and imountains and far corners of the!earth. In the-cities there was musicand celebration and festivity, but theroads up in the north of Italy werecold and lonely and dreary. Onlymilitary outfits and refugees and returning prisoners were passing, andconstant lines of trucks carryingfood and clothing. There was suffering and hunger, but relief was beinggiven. Still there were hardships,but the guns were silent." The warwas over and right had won! Andthe Red Cross jmen saluted as theypassed the lonely graves on the remote roads up in Northern Italythe graves that with the others fromthe North Sea to tthe Adriatic gavethe victory."THE CAMPAIGN OF MERCY WILLNEVER CEASE.Although there id to be no furtherexpansion, o! the Red Cross work inFrance, its work will go on. It willbring comfort to our boys as they liesick in hospitals and as they keepguard on German soil, and to thethousands of repatriated French people who are returning to the ancestral homes. Without the Red Crossarmy of mercy to follow in the tragicfurrows made by the engines of war,the aftermath of suffering in Francethis winter would be a greater desolation than we cantconceive. Fighjting with mortal weapons may, cease,hut the camnaicn of mercy of the!Red Cross will never cease as longas the need, of cleansing and healingis TirfiftfiTit amone the races of the Jear.th. Maj.-Gen. Merritte, W. Ireland, in the February Red Cross Magazine. K$.Ofay phone 36or Mo me 286calis,Mmptly atttndtd tp with urpunnets wily.- - - . - m m' m m .MJt JAJU JM ,M,M-M P.M-M. 5Vs SSA, V C 7 .?WV. ,SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Miss Clarine Ross has returnedto her home in Cynthiana after avisit to friends in this city.Mr. andfMrs. Harry Chinn havetaken rooms for the reminder of thewinter with Mrs. Coleman Gentry, inLexington.Mr. and Mrs. H. H. Hancockand daughter leave Thursday for apleasure trip to Florida and otherSouthern points.. Mr. and Mrs. George W. Wilderhave as guests' at their home on Cypress street, Mr.xand Mrs. WilliamWilder, of Louisville.Mrs. John "Lee and daughter,Miss Ruth Lee, have returned fropna visit to the former's parents, Mr.and Mrs. L. H. Dills, in Cynthiana.Mr. J. J. "Veatch and daughter,Mrs. Irene Isaacs, spent Saturdayand Sunday with friends and relatives at Lebanon and Marion county.Mr. and Mrs. Carroll A. Tellerhave arrived from Chicago for a visit'to the latter's parents, Mr. and Mrs:I. L. Price, and family, . on Mainstreet.Mrs. Albert Fritrus has returnedto her home at Fort Thomas, nearNewport, after a visit to Mr. andMrs. George Determan, on Cypressstreet.Mr. M. B. Lovell, who recentlysold his farm near Paris, will leavesoon for Beaumont and other citiesin Texas, to spend the summer withrelatives.'Misses Elmeta, Frances, Elizabeth and Hilda Taylor, daughters ofMr. J. E. Taylor, of East Paris, areconvalescent from recent attacks ofthe influenza.Mrs. King Griffith, guest of heraunt, Mrs. J. T. Sharrard, and Mr.Sharrard, at their home on SouthMain street, has returned to herhome near Cynthiana.Mr. and Mrs. D. B. Joseph leftyesterday for an extended tripthrough the South. Mr. Joseph istraveling for a New York wholesaleconcern. Mrs. Joseph will accoropyhim on part of the trip.Mr. Jesse Owens left Saturdayfor Washington, D. C, where he willtake a position in the War Risk Insurance Bureau. Mr. Owens is anexpert accountant ana win. maite aSuable assistant for Uncle Sam.m a letter receiveu nom o. n.Thompson, he states that ne andMrs. Thompson are delightfully located at The West Coast Inn, at St.Petersburg, Fla., for the balance ofthe winter. "Plenty of good fishing,golf and fine weather. All Kentuckyians well. Meeting lots of friendsand old acquaintances."(Other Personals on Page 5)n ILOCAL OIL COMPANY PUECHASEMTLEIE FREEMAN FAILMThe Co-operative Land and Development Company, of Paris, has purchaes the Millie Freeman farm infee, including a one-sixteenth royaltyin the oil, according to S. V. Brents,who is connected with the' localoffice of the company. The deal,which is said to have been pendingfor some timewas closed by C. L.Bell, president of the company andalso president of the Bourbon Oil &Development Company. The consideration was not made public, but issaid-to have been between ? 3 0,0 00and $40,000.The Millie Freeman f arm embraces400 acres, lying on the water-shed between Ross Creek and Station CampCreek, in Estill county, and reachingacross the Matter stream into the edgeof Jackson' county. It joins the JoelHubbard, Hugh Bowles and Jonn W.Flynn and Patsy Richardson leases,on al-bf which tnere are paying onwells.' The Bowies rarm lmerveuesbetween the Freeman tract and theComet farm.The lease on the Freenian farmwas- held by the Lincoln Oil & GasCompany, which hasrseven producingwells "on the tract and two or threeothers drilling. Some of these wellsare said to he, pumping "as high as60 and 70 barrels per aay ana it isclaimed that none of-them are lessthan 20-barrel producers.The Bourbon Oil & DevelopmentCompany secured 50 acres of. th,eFreeman lease, from the Lincoln Oil& Gas Company, in exchange fordrilling, and its first well on thispart of the farpn was brought in lastweek and is rated as a 20-barrel -well." o-JAS. A. SCOTT, REPUBPUAW,HEAD STATE TAX BODY.James A. Scott, of Pikeville, theRepublican Commissioner, was elected chairman at the reorganization ofthe State Tax Cojmmission, in Frankfort Mr. Scott's election -was on motion of Ben D. Ringo, the new Democratic member from Owensboro.The election of Chairman Scottfollowed a conference between. Commissioner Ringo and State AuditorR. L. Greene, third member of thecommission.When it was suggested to Ccpnmissionert Ringotht, h.is friendsjrmigjitnot understand why he was notelected chairman, since he, was apnnintea to succeed Chairman M. M.I Logan he replied, that the idea ofseeding tne cnairniuiup "ventered nis neaa, ana ne-uimamtsicu.that.the. honpand; responsibility laybetween Chairman Scottr who hasbeen' acting .in that capacity sincettie -retirement of Gen. Logan, andAuditor Greene. .Chairman Scott came injo th.e,officeWell- equipped with experience,hnvirta- impii sur.nessivelv elected.QiiartfrWfi' nTiuit'"'clerk of "Tik'eJ'&Ji&tor. He resigned .as asbwSecretary or siaie xo accept apimi.ment toth'Tax Commission; ? He.4sn'nA nf th most" urominent Republr-! cans. in ther State and served on theState Central. Committee.i o & - -; An American Red- CrossT officer accompanies' yery shipuJad'oP American .wounded coming' home fromEngland. H v ' :o-It. is estimated ,that.theP.r,iiice of .Wales, beinc (matrimonially inclined," ' . . T ' k. n..3.nn v ,v.vilUnttiitPirg"J A1UC14V?5 rMODERN HEALTH CRUSADE BY' THE BED CROSS.Performance of "health chorea"by children is to be one of the principal' features of the IVIoder.n HealthCrusade to be conducted jointly 'bythe Bureau of Junior Activities ofthe American Red Cross and the National Tuberculosis Association,with the co-operation of the Councilof National Defense and the U. S.Public Health Service.Each child is to be asked to keepa daily chore record to be filled outoh blanks opposite sentences readingas follows:1. I washed my hands beforeeach meal to-dav. (2. I washed not only my face,but my neckband ears, and I cleanedpny finger-nails to-day.'3. I tried to keep fingers, pencils and everything that might beunclean out of my mouth and nose.4. I drank a glass of water before each meal and before going tobed, and drank no tea, coffee norother injurious drinks to-day.5. I brushed my teeth thoroughlyin the morning and in the eveningto-day.6. I took ten or more slow, deepbreaths of fresh air to-day.7. I played out-dodrs or withwindows open more than thirty minutes to-day.8. I was in bed ten hours lastnight and kept my window open.9. I tried to-day to sit up andstand up straight, to eat slowly, andto attend to toilet and each need ofmy body at its regular time.10. I tried to-day to keep nearand cheerful constantly and to hehelpful to others.11. I took a full bath on eachday of the week that is checked.Children will receive ranks andinsignia of pages, squires, knightsand knights banneret for faithfulperformance of their chores.The crusade begins in February,according to announcepnents sent outto Lake Division Red Cross Chaptersin Ohio, Indiana and Kentucky.WOMEN OF SEDENTEEY HABITSWomen who get little exercise arelikely to be troubled with constipation and indigestion and will findChajmberlain's Tablets highly beneficial. Not so good as a three oj fourmile walk every day, but very muchbetter than toN allow the bowels toremain in a constipated condition.They are easy and pleasant to takeand most agreeable in effect. Obtainable everywhere.(jan-adv)cHOUSE FAVORS TRYING THEKAISER.WASHINGTON, Jan. 27. TheHouse unanimously adopted, 115 to 0,the resolution urging the arrest, trialand punishment, if convicted, of former German Emperor William.oUpwards of seventy million Americans answered the Red Cross RollCall for 1919.EDW, BUBKE, President.Edw. SurkeSam ClayJas. M. CaldwellHobt. E. Beattyluther StiversC. D. WilsonTHEB0URB0NTobacco' Warehouse Co.Total Sales to Christmas 164:415 lbs.Ayerage weekending Jan. 18, 1,960,805 lbs.Sales Week Ending Jan. 25, 989,960 lbs. .For entire season,for $1,643,790.10Wer1It WillvkNiVmBoiiTbonFugazzi School ofBusiness ReopenedMonday, January 27thUnder the principalship of Mrs. L.V. Jones, the Fugazzi School of Business reopened Monday, January 37.Mrs. Jones was Miss Eugazzi,sAssistant Principal and will carry onthe school along the same lines andhigh ideals that were laid down bythe founder.sFugazzi School ofBusiness"Efficiency Is Our Watchword."118 BT. Upper St.. Second Boor,Lexinsrton. Ky.K!BourbonDAVIS & FUNK, Proprietors ITelephone No. 4x'A"" ri r'iThe Bourbon Laundrjr5 Paris, Kentucky 1 gH. S. CAYWOOD. Vice-President.DIRECTORSJ. L. DentonW. M. JtodeersA. B. HancockJno.S. B.(Incorprattd)4,415,635 poundsPay You to Try toLeadN-B'XT SALMTO-DAYTobacco Warehonse Co-1PARIS, KENTUCKY-wV fa .?" -Wilmoth'siFreshHome Baked Breads,Cakes, Pies, Etc. .DailyFreshMeats, Roasts,Steak$jChops, Fancy Goods,FamousCoffees and TeasWILMOTHGrocery Co.Rhone 3761-sLaundry iWest Fifh StreetIIIKIIaIIxSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improvements in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we areprepared to do work inferior to none, and solicit,your patronage.JOHN T. COLLDf S. MtJurtr.T. CollinsBurrisA. I. StephensH. S. CaywoodAverage $30.97Average $41.31Average $4766Average $3&.94Get In.J?eric . 55l Eel tc Ii m'fr r- II- a ., Im Ilr l"mIf7sirJHHA tfHAll Rugs, Linoleums and WallPaper Included in the Big CashSale. 20 per cent. Cash Discount.ALL FURNITUREIs Included InTHB BIG CASH SALE20 per cent. Discount.The J. T Hinton Cos.bbbvbbbbbbbvbbw i BaaBw B bHbVbbW bHHbbbbbb B afa- bbI bbbb bHbbbbbbbVbbiALLOFFEBRUARY AND MARCHWhile Everything Else is Going Up, Our Prices are Coming Down!Remember!iEVERY ARTICLE in our houseexcept Way Sagless Springs, Wer-nicke Book Cases and Puritan' Records afe included in ourBIG CASH SALEFor All of Februaryand MarchTHIS MEANS that- even duringthis period of high prices we are goingto stick to our usual policy of giving20 PER CENTCash Discount on every article in ourstore. 'mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmimmmmmMmmmmmmlmmmmmmmmmm9uAWSam L . .- 1 ': -IgScSl&fiSHk BTBBBBMBBBTBwBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBjrM'M .u'BBBBBBrHaVH'-"t tw'5S!bbmbbSHBBBbb BPBHIHPj!MMyRemember !This is a SALE of OUR WHOLESTOCK, and is not a clearance sale.WE ACTUALLY GIVE ASTRAIGHT s20 PER CENTDISCOUNTon everything in our store exeept the'three things mentionedDURING ALL OF FEBRUARY AND MARCHNo goods marked up or down or 'anyother way except our usual plain markand you take the 20 per cent cashdiscount yourself.Rugs, Mattings, Linoleums, Lace Curtains$40.00 9x12 Brussels Rugs, sale price $32.00$7.50 3x6 Axminster Rugs, sale price $ 6,00$50:009x12 Axminster Rugs, sale price $40.00$75.00 9xl2Wilton Rugs, sale price ?$60,00$7.50 9x12 Matting Rugs, sale price . . . $ 6.00These are just a few examples of what we cansave YOU during this sale, All other Rugs in proportion.$1.25 Printed Linoleums, sale price $1.00$1.50 Printed Linoleums, sale price $ 1 .20$1.85 Printed Linoleums, sale price-. $ 1 .48$2.50 Inlaid Linoleums, sale price.;'.' : . . . $2.00$3.00 Inlaid Linoleums, sale -pricev $2,40$3.50 Inlaid Linoleums, sale price $2.80'A Big, New Stock to Select From,Get Yours First.$1.00 Lace Curtains, sale price -. SOc$1.25 Lace Curtains, sale price . . , . . . : $ 1 .00$1:50 Lace Curtains, sale price - . $ 1 .20$2.00 Lace Curtains, sale priso $ 1 .60Odd and Single Pair Lace Curtains at even biggerreductions.' ""All Furniture Included in This Sale!We are the Originators of the February and March Big Cash Sale!We Have Always Given the Best Values. Save Money by Buying Here. 20 per cent Cash Discount.During Our Big Cash SaleFor All of February and Marchwe do not price you our goods. You price them toyourself. For instance, here is a Dining Tablemarked in plain figures at $25.00. Never has beeirmarked at any other price. You want to buy (tha.t&ble at our Big Cash Sale. Just take off .one-fifthof the price, or $5.00, and the table costs you-, only$20.00. Any other article in our store reduced: in-'like manner. - ',!.'Our Big Cash Sale -20 Per Cent Discount Lasts All of February and MarchMcDougallTHE FIRST KITCHEN CASINETKITCHEN CABINETSYou know this is the best KITCHEN CABINETmade. Every one of them in this sale. You get in theClub, too. While you are buying Kitchen Cabinets buythe bestthe McDougallAt 20 per cent. Discount:,Wall Paper!r kAll Our Big Spring Stock-of Wall PaperIs Include J in Our Big Cash SaleBuy yours now. Everybody knows we carrythe most complete line of Wall Decorations to befound in this locality. Buy your paper now and'save bi money. Our Decorators are it your service and are the best to be had you know it.Our Big Cash Sale 20 Per Cent. Discount Lasts All of February and MarchAll Rugs, Linoleumsand Wall Papers areIncluded in the BigCash Sale. 20 percent. Cash Discount.LET OS SAVE YOU HONEYDURING OUR-FEBRUARY and MARCHALL FURNITUREincluded in . -OURBIG CASH SALE20 per cent. Discount.Remember, if you don't see it here, it is in the sale. if we mentioned our specials we would have to mention everythingT in our stock, as everything is special.- m-m. I ' 'Sixth and Main, St$.Both Phones No. 36THE J. THINTON COPARIS.KENTUCKYrTJiactertaltersAmbulance -Sek-vicevl6tor: Eqiiipmeitlr-JLi. ' - . ' . s fttt ,i'&- I, V. -1?- r - - . - 'JTf "v -.,-.- t.&..----. .-4tf -A.-V."-mf-v.fX""'V4i5 N3rV - . -.---7 - . -iztrs -THE BOTOBON HEWS,TUESDAY, JANUARY 28, 1919.'as.x-PAEIS, XENTUCITWffi--r.r ri4ge jnoor iC'sFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEINSURANCE.Fire, Tornado, Lightning,Automobile and Hall.YERKES & PEED.(janl4-tf)oONLY FOUR MOBE DAYSWhen you can buy Davis quality;uits a.nd overcoats at reduced prices.J. W. DAVIS & CO.AUTO SALTS.,The Goodwin-Field Motor Co., ofLexington, reports the sale of aDodge touring car to Mr. Charles A.Webber, of the Bourbon Garage &Supply Co., of Paris.. oGRANTED JOCKEY LICENSEAt the Fair Grounds Race Track,near New Orleans, Friday, a jockeylicense was granted to Apprenticejockey W. Merrimee. Young Merrimee, who is a son of Mrs. N. Merrimee' formerly of Paris, and a brotherof Fred Merrimee, has been engagedto ride for the stable of P. Dunne.SOCIAL A1W PERSONAL. COURIER - JOURNAL ARRIVES' ' - " EARLY H TARIS.Comings and Goings of Our " rPnnU TfAfA Tlift j The Louisville Courier-Journalreopie Here, There and now arrives in.Parrs at 5:i5, and isJklsewhere. delivered to subscribers before break-fast every day. Through the hustl--Mr. and Mrs. Harry Simon will ing of the local agent, Mr. Harryleave to-morrow afternoon for a bus- le tnis haJ Deen made possible,iness trip to New York. j in conjunction with the ciruclationMrs. John P. Cain continues se- department of the Courier-Journal,riously ill of heart trouble at her Tna management of the Courierhome on Higgins avenue. Journal has put on a cross-countryJudge Charles A. McMillan, has motor truck which leaves Louisvillecovered from a severe attack o'f in- in time to catch the fast train on thefluenza, and is able to be at his office. Louisville & Nashville, reachingiur. ix. u. rnompson. Jr. who -fans at o:o. xae paper is ueuvwcui . ... ' i. i.j.-i .SHOE BARGAINS FOB LADIES,SAVE MONEY BY CALLING -EARLY,Great reductions on an accumulated lot of ladies small sizes in. shoesof all styles and makes. Come inand take advantage of these bargainswhile they last. It will be worthyour time.(24-tf) FELD'S SHOE STORE.oCAPT. REUBEtf HUTCHCRAPT DEVISES PROPERTY TO MOTHERBy the terms of his last will andtestament, Capt. Reuben B. Hutchcraft, Jr., of Paris, who made thesupreme sacrifice for his country onthe battlefield in France, all hisproperty is devised to his mother,Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft, of Paris. Theestate includes $15,000 life insurance. Mr. James McClure was namedas executor.oAUTOMOBILE PLUNGES THROUGHBARBER SHOP WINDOW.Saturday evening while ClayLeach, youngest son of Mr. JackLeach, of near Paris, was driving hisautomobile along Main street, thesteering gear broke. Mr. Leach lostcontrol of the machine, whichswerved from the street and plungedthrough, the plate glass window inthe John Ayers barber shop, next tothe Bourbon Home Telephone Co.'soffice.Several patrons were in the chairsin the shop at the time of the accident. One of them who was gettinga shave was so shocked by the forceof the impact that he bit off a smallpiece of his tongue. The window waswrecked," as was the automobile. Thedamage was estimated at $200.o jWE'LL MISS YOU.i JUDGE. ANDSORRY. TOO!The Lexington Leader, of Sunday,has the following reference to a former Paris citizen. Judge HarmonRHtt-"Judge Harmon Stitt, formerly ofParis, has located 1n Lexington forthe practice of law. Judge Stitt wasa well-known newspaper man beforebecoming identified with the legalprofession, and is almost as much athome in Lexington as in the capitalof Bourbon county. He is alreadywell -known to many of, the membersof the Fayette county bar as a rercounteur and wit, and wilt be an interesting acquisition to the profession here. White residing here andpracticing in the local court, he willstill continue to look after his clientsIn the Paris courts."oMEN ARE BLOCKING IN.' jTaking advantake of buying Davisquality clothes at clearance prices.J. W. DAVIS & CO.oWORK HARNESS THE BESTBATHES 'AT' BIGHT PRICES.It is false economy to patch oldharness when, you can buy the bestmade at such reasonable prices aswe are selling them at. Come in andsee the biggest and best, line, everbrought to Paris,(tf) LAVINr & CONNELL.oWITH THE "SHUT-INS."Has been a guest of his narents Mrand Mrs. A. S. Thompson, for severaldays, left Sunday for his home 'inAllensville, Alabama.Former Mayor John T. Hinton,who has been seriously indisposed forsome time at his home on Highstreet, was reported yesterday as be-iiis co-nsmeramv mnrnvpriGeorge Howard, of the postofficeforce, and Chas. P. Matin, recent vfc-times of severe TlioprmcrTiino- cr.allchave about, recovered, and were abfeto oe at tneir posts of duty yesterday.Miss "LoilVAnin Thrvmaonti Tirhnhas been at home for several days onctwuuui ui mness, nas returned toher school duties at the Eastern "Kentucky Normal School, at Richmond.Mr. A. W. Cottingham, who hasa position in the Government serviceat the Quartermaster's Depot in Jeffersonville, Ind., is at home for briefvisit to his family, on South Mainstreet.Miss Mabel Wasson, teacher ofthe intermediate grades in the LittleRock Graded School, has been awayfrom her duties, tor several days, onaccount of the death of her brother,Roger Wasson, in Louisiana.Miss Jessie Rose, who was takento the Massie Memorial Hospital, Friday, suffering from double pneumonia, was reported yesterday as having passed a comfortable day, andwas holding her own. Two specialnurses are with her.Mrs. -feyttleton B. Purnell, whohas been dangerously ill with pneujmonia, at her home on Vine street,for the past ten days, was slightlyimproved yesterday. She is being attended by Miss Williams, a professional" nurse from Lexington.Friends in Paris will be glad tolearn that rumors current regardingthe serious illness of Mrs. HiramRoseberry, in New York, are unfounded. Mrs. Roseberry, who is atIke Biltmore Hotel, in New York,had a slight case of influenza, but isnow entirely recovered.JFriends and relatives in thiscity have received the following announcements: "Dr. W. C. Ussery announces the marriage of his daughter. Dorcas Hampton, to Dr. Milusimmediately and efficiently under thepersonal supervision of Mr. Ogle. Itcontains all the latst foreign, national and States news, and is oneof the most up-to-date papers in theState.The Courier-Journal-can be obtained daily by carrier by calling Mr.Harry Ogle at Baldwin Bros. OnSunday the paper will be on sale atthe Longo fruit., store, on Mainstreet, between Seventh and Eighth,at seven cents per copy.Attention, Farmers!If you need anything in the waynf Saddles. Collars. Bridles. Etc.. Ihave the best money can buy andmake, at reasonable prices.If you want a watch, don't go to ablacksmith shop to buy it, and don'ttake your hourse to a jeweler to gethim shod; always go to a mechanicand you will get the best goods andit won't cost any more than cheapgoods.(28-lmo JN. JLKlJBiJNiIi.IXBKXiJANUARYMMClearanceSalev t,.-Hr-V,!W'-'."J9nvNJONThe FairFOE FBIDAY AND SATURDAYAND COURT PAY.WONDERFUL VALUESV iAll samples, all odds and ends thathave accumulated over a year's business, all in perfect condition, andonly one of a kind; also a manufacturer's sapnple line of dishes,brushes, Woodenwear, etc., TurkeyFeather Dusters, special each 35c;Brooms, 59c; Fry Pans, small size,each 10c; Iron Cooking Kettles, FryPans, Griddles, Covered Buckets,Skillets, Muffin Pans, Coal Buckets,including shovel, each 49c; ChairSeats, 10c; Marbles, 25 for 5c; Boys'and Girls' Tops, Garden Sets, allnew and fresh Flower Seeds, BristoljHA - rSuitsCoatsDresses-'y;K " ,""$4SZ4Vws -svANDMillinery, uuiviw a.Au.iii.iJV,w", ww -r. MM ,----- rro. 11 :L. Gunn, on Wednesday, January the wmte siop jars, eacn , so, mA;o-iiv -ninataan v.nni-0j ort Titnn.. "Plower and Fern Pots. Milk Coversfa"l"l U1UV.I.VVU uuuu.uu "" """- .. ".teen. Louisville. Kentucky. AtHopie 1445 South Brook street, Louisville, Kentucky."Louis Margolen and Jack Butlerof Paris, 'will leave next Sundaymorning for Hugh ton, Saskatcawan,Canada, where they will resume theirformer positions on the big wheatand flax ranche of B. F. Spears &Sons, of Paris.and Churns. For Gas Lamps, Heating and Cooking Stoves, -see ourEverlasting Lighter, will last a lifetime ask to see it. Two hole MouseTraps, each 5 c.WALL PAPER.Invoicing our Wall Paper stock.Wait for some real genuine bargainsiii &'j ' ki irr;n.i &- v.Several other Paris a httle later on'm'.-HARRYM224-228 West Main St., Lexington, Ky;Main Street, Paris, Ky. -HlILiAVt;AV?boys will follow later on, to spendtne summer an tne rancne. Ana, orcourse, uuey aai wuuu xnni ijhvvo ivfollow them!Mrs. A. H. Barclay, mother-in-I law, of Dr. J. A. Wilson, of this city,suiterett a paralytic stroKe last wees,while at the home of Mr. and Mrs. J.H. Stivers, on Cypress street. On account of her advanced age herfriends and relatives are apprehensive of the outcome. Her entire leftside was affected by the stroke.Mrs. Barclav was removed to theMassie Memorial Hospital.Mrs. Carrie F. Stone, who hasbeen nursing influenza patients atthe home of Mr. Redmon Talbott,near North Middletown, was summoned to Louisville, last night, on anemergency call to nurse Mrs. JohnReams, daughter of Mrs. Armstrong,of Louisville. Mrs. Armstrong andMrs. Stone were members of the samegraduating class in the nurses' schoolat the Louisville City Hospital.THE FAIR.SSurton'q1 Confectionery StoreJ Successor to Adaipi & Santi.These are busy days with the physicians and nurse, and the drainupon their resources is proving soniething tremendous. Nurses are in demand everywhere as & most indispensible feature in ihe jare of influenza patients, and there is a woefullack of good material. Many Pariswomen are volunteering their services to do what they can to relievesuffering and alleviate distress. Theinfluenza is spreading and claimingfresh victims each day, though weare assured that it is of a mild form,and that the chances for fatal results are few. Among the lately- reported victims of. the insidious disease, swhich is no respecter of persons, are the following:Mrs. Waiter Martin and threechildren, Mr. Charles Green, Mrs.Garrett Jefferson and sister, Mrs.Maria W. Blake, Miss Jessie 'Rose,Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Herrington, Mrs.George Detennan (recovering), MissiLena Talbott, Mrs. .L.ymewm x.Purnell (recovering), Mr. and Mrs;A. B. Lovell -and. daughter, Mrs. EllenShea, daughter, Miie Margaret' Shea,and son, Mr. Robert Shar MiEleanor Swexgen, Mr. W. J.Shawiuui id"fmttr (rorrig),Mr. a4 Mr. TWl&tt'TErfcaic, 4fcv amdMrs. tenon. Tllott, Mr. W W.Mr. and Mrs. William S. Jonesentertained with a dinner at theirhome near North Middletown inhonor of their son, Capt. Robert G.Jones, and his bride, who was formerly Miss Elizabeth Andrews, ofLexington. Mr. and Mrs. Jones wereassisted in receiving their guests byCapt. and Mrs. Jones, Mr. and Mrs.John W. "Jones, Mr. and Mrs. WalterS. Meng, and Mrs. Edward Andrews,of Lexington, mother of Mrs. RobertG. Jones The invited guests included about fifty of the closestfrip.nds of the young couple. Ther.enterniece for the table was an enormous wedding cake, ornamented jj.".with lovers' knots and brides' ; Jroses. Lovely flowers also decorated ...the table. Several delicious courses ( jjjjwere served. I i(Other Personals on Page 3.) j;XFlorida FruitsBox CandiesWalshv Adami's Famous Recipe formaking delicious Ice Dream,Soda Water and MixedDrinksstill used.Bulk Ice Cream '(Made from Pure Cream)delivered for home use.Fancy Ices for Partiesin!i-Will Continue UntilSATURDAY!mvmimS5SS&&:s-For the BEST, See Us;FRANK BURTONSuccessor to Adami & Santi.:-:-.sW4smPUBLIC ALEHousehold Furniture, Etc.Having sold my homeyl will d ispose of my furniture at public aucx tion on . -UThursday, January 30, 1919-In-beginning at 2 o'clock, on the premises at 1219 South Main street.eluded in the sal.e will be the following: v,'-l antique mahogany sideboard; " 4 - v1 antique mahogany bureau; . J x"V Lot of rugs, chairs, pictures, sewangpmcfiliije, marble' Abiscuit" board,;cooking utensils, pofch swinir, shade's and.Cniany' other things too'numer-,,ous to mcutiou.TERMS ASH..t . ' . .,.,',.-.:i - Z-' T- A. mCtfUNALU . tmfcJHainSiieU5??$&&SOur sale was advertised for only ten days, but weare going to continue it until Saturday in order to givethose who have not taken advantage of this sale anopportunity to do so. Your coming here will insurevnn the hichest class merchandise at nrices much lowerthan elsewhere. Now is the time' to buy your Suit oruvercoat at cut prices.Men's and Young Men's Suits$45.00 Suits cut to.... $40.00$42.50 Suits cut to : N...$40.00 Suits cut to '. . ..c-$37. 50 Suits cut to '..;....$35.00 Suits cut to w$3250 Suits cutto :. . ;. . . .$30. 00 Suits cut to .- I..:....':...:..,..$27.50 Suits cut to r... ....... ...:..$25.00 Suits cut to -v ,90 Kft Snia onr. n$20.00Suits cut to ......... 16.50$18.00Suits cut to 14.50$15.00Suits cut to 1 1.SO$12.50Suits cut to 9.50Men's and Young Men's Overcoats$50.00 Overcoats cut to $45.00- $45.00 Overcoats cut to, 40.00$42.50 Overcoats cut to 37.50$40.00 Overcoats cut to - 35.00'$37.50 Overcoats cut to ...-. 32,50$35.00 Overcoats cut to 30.00$32.50 Overcoats cutto 27,50$30.00 Overcoats cut to ... .v 25.00$27.50 Overcoats cutto 22.50$25.00 Overcoats cut to 20.00$22.50 Overcoats cut to 1 7.50$20.00 Overcoats cutto 1 6.5037,503S.OO32.5030.0027,5025.0022.5a20.001 7;50Cbpyricht 1918 Hart Sclaffaer Szl&axCashNo Approvals7th and MainOne-Price Storet-Paftef 'Ky.it 'VZY fIISiIjV"Xt.au-uueueji , r - j. j.V4I rFt.A - "fr ., y T-' vt -wv:A&.l&t V &' Ijjj ft, "'fc,' - -Sft vv"? AGE SIX3r - 4 l THEB0UEB01T 1EWS, PAB1S, KEKTUCXYTUESDAY, JANUARY- U, ltlf.,V,.V-AtjShoulders'All BakingCaresWhen CALUMETcomes in, all bakingtroubles take quickleave. You go rightahead and mix up baking materials, for biscuitscakes anything without fearof uncertainty. Calumet makesyou forget failure.CALUMETBAKING POWDERis the most popular because it does giveroost perfect results. It has the biggest demand because it is the most dependable. The fact that it is the biggest seller proves that it :s the best.Atrial will convince you that there isnone justas good. Buy acan if youare not satisned take it Dade andget your money back.Calumet contains only such ingredients as have been approvedomciaiiy by the u. 5. roodAuthorities.Yoa tare vrie jraa toy it.Toa tare wfeea jaa bm it.HIGHESTQUALITYHIGHESTAWARDSA COMMON SENSE VIEW OP THEINFLUENZA.Is the influenza contagious or infectious, or both? In any event the"disease is transmitted from thosehaving it to those not afflicted by it.Therefore, the only real preventativeis to restrict those afflicted to theirhomes and to prohibit all those intheir homes from coming out, andanyone from goirfg in except the doc-'tors and the nurses, or those whoare immune to the disease.Respecting those who never, getsick and who call th doctor whenthe undertaker would serve better,the Board of Health should not disagree with them in 'theory, but apply a little common sense practice.Let them believe what they will.Whether the influenza be a maladyof the physical organism or a mentalaberration, it kills, irrespective of belief. When medical science, throughone of the physicians, diagnoses thecase as influenza the victim shouldbe required to remain at home until" the physicians representing theBoard of Health concludes that thevictim has a reason to say he is "allright."The influenza is a fact, demonstrated in hundreds of thousands ofdeaths in the United States, aboutten times more fatal than the worldk irar. This should be sufficient togain the admission of every saneperson that the influenza is a factand not a mental vagary, expressedin sopie spurian's splutter of words,us, the result is a finish fight, and ifiluenza or whether the influenza getsus, the result is a finish fifht, and ifwe do not get rid of it it, gets rid ofus, and regardless of the truth, orthe error, of the status of the influenza. If, however, a quarantine ordinance is to have no more official ver' tebxae crinaline than the influnezamask- ordinance it would be well toavoid the farcial repetition here inParis, and to revert to the primitivestate of the survival of the fittest,aaid to save salary and office space.Keep the Influenza patient at home,and let the people go abroad, is mymotto, at that, without spendingweeks in beginning- to get ready tostart.There is nightly, flashed on thescreen at the m Paris 'Grand Operaan official warning that any personsneezing or coughing will considerhimself or herself a menace to thepublic health and inviting them toremove themselves from the house.Please, gentlemen of the HealthBoard, won't you add another slideto the list and warn those tobaccocliewers in the rear of the house whoflood the vicinity with the filthystuff? Isn't there just as good needof enforcement of the anfl-spi,ttingordinance as of any other tending tohelp the public? It is well-knowntjiat no theatre would for an instant tolerate smoking in the -house,' yi these tobacco-users violate the.anti-spitting ordinance every night."Wjken reminded of it, one big huskyfellow sneered: "What the "h "are you going to do about It?"' That'sth kind of indifference toward thegMer&l welfare and public healththeee fellows show. Are they a privileged class? Is there janjr. wonderthat the influenza does" norxbate"when this goes. on, not only .in themovie houses, but in countless othervpiac6? roAbout 0,0 00 . Red Crote HomeSerrio workers xtend thi work toyery part of the gloibt where there.are Ajricns. ,mmTHE TOBACCO- MARKET. -The Bourbon Tobacco Warehousesold Friday a total of 137,045pounds of tobacco for an everageof $46.41, or a total of $63,611.06.The quality of the floor as a wholemuch in evidence. Crop averagesreported were as follows:Buckner & Earl jHardwick sold1,245 pounds, average, $37.40.Oonnell & Shanks sold 3,145pounds, average, $70.24.Lyne & Ewalt sold 2,385 pounds,average, $55.78.Jesse jHU" sold 5,660 pounds,average, '40.35.'Banking & Rankin sold 2,705pounds, average, "$53.21.Sam Ardery sold 2,645 pounds,average, r $49.20.Rose, Bryan & Fryman sold 1,980pounds, average, $65.78.Clay & Elam sold 6,505 pounds,average, $61.02. , ,Connell & Herrington sold 3,345pounds, average, $65.56.Rankin & Douglas sold 5,245pounds, average, $60.97.Simms & Lodgdon sold 5,210pounds, average, $54.98.Redmon & Son sold 3,050 pounds,average, $41.27.Mark & Butler sold 4,580 pounds,average, $34.72.Redmon & Gaitskill sold 2,485pounds, average, $55.42.R. A. Mitchell sold 4,025 pounds,average, $43.11.Burke & Day Bros., sold 3,715pounds, average, $39.88.Penn & Argo sold 5,650 pounds,average, $46.15.Rowland & Poe sold 3,815pounds, average $46.84.Wagner & Blackburn sold 5.R3Kpounds, average, $38.11.McClmtock Sisters & Tapp sold3,150 pounds, average, $40.99.Isgrig & Butler sold -1,665 pounds.average, $56.18.- Rice & Gaunce sold 4,745 pounds.average, $46.29.Todd & Reed sold 8,775 pounds.average, $30.25.Tate & Florence sold 9. R2Kpounds, average, $53.74.L. T. Wills sold 6,150 pounds.average, $30.47.Mrs. O. W. Miller sold 430 poundsaverage, $42.08.Stoker & Derickson sold 1 1 1 npounds, average, $66.96.uiark & Ecklar sold 3,200 pounds.average, $51.66.Marsh & Taylor sold 2,260 pounds.erage, $51.29.Wright & Morris sold 4,185 pounds,average, $58.91.Thorn & Morris sold 1,935 pounds,average, $50.70.MOTHER! YOUR CHILDIS CROSS, FEVERISH,IROM CONSTIPATIONIf Tongue Is Coated, Breath Bad,Stomach Sour, Clean Liverand Bowels.Give "California Syrup of Figs" atonce a teaspoonful to-day oftensaves a sick child to-morrow.If your little one is outof-sorts,half-sick, isn't resting, eating andacting naturally look, mother! seei iwisuc io uuctteu. j. uis as a suresign that its little stomach, liverand boVels are clogged with waste.When cross, irritable, feverish; stomach sour, breath bad or has stomachache, diarrhoea, sore throat, full ofcold, give a teaspoonful of "California Syrup of Figs," and in a fewhours all the constipated poison,undigested food and sour bilegently moves out of its little bowelswithout griping, and you have awell, playful child again.Mothers can rest easy after giving this harmless "fruit laxative,"because it never fails to cleanse .thelittle one's, liver and bowels andsweeten the stomach and they dearlylove its pleasant taste. Full directions for babies, chidren of all agesana ior grown-ups printed on eachbottle.Beware of counterfeit fig syrups.Ask your druggist for a bottle of"California Syrup ot Figs;" then .seethat is Is made by the "CaliforniaFig Syrup Compny." (adv)THE RED CROSS THANKSNEWSPAPERS.THEEditor of THE BOURBON NEWS:The newspapers again have madean important contribution to thesuccess of the American Red Cross.Through the newspapers' co-opera-tion with local Red Cross chaptersand branches and with the Lake Division Department of Publicity, theRed Cross Christmas Roll Call inOhio, Indiana; and Kentucky provedan unqualified success.The newspapers so adequatelysupplemented" the work of canvassersin convincing the public that membership in the Red Cross is just asmuch a duty in the reconstructionperiod as it was when war was inprogress that the Lake Division nowboasts of 2,275,000 members, a quarter of a million more than it hadlast year.We thank you.D. C. DOUGHERTY,Director Department of Publicity.oLOOKING UP LANDS FOR BISCHARGED SOLDIERS.vtB. C. Washington, of the inspection and investigation service of theDepartment of Labor, left Washington, -Monday, for .Frankfort, where hewill interview Gov. Stanley and otherState officials on Secretary Wilson'splan to aid discharged soldiers whowish to obtain unemployed farms.Mr. Washington will be in Kentucky for some mef.as EthelbertStewart, director of the inspectionand investigation service, said hewouTdpIace him in charge of the menthat the Labor Department will sendto the Bluegrass State to compiledata concerning the unsueafannlands available for the use of the soldiers, heing discharged at CampZachary Taylor and elsewhere, whodefeire to become Kentucky farmers." Froki Frankfort, ICrt Washingtonwill trriktn iTrttilsnrlll ' 'SIGITAlS-0rinS13tESParis People Should Know How toRead and Heed Them.Disordered kidneys give many signals of distress.-The secreations may be dark, contain sediment.Passages are sometipies frequent,scanty, painful.Backache is often present day andnight.Headaches and dizzy spells may occur. Weakened kidneys should receivequick help. f.Don't delay! Use a special kidneyremedy.Doan's Kidney Pills are for weakkidneys, backache and urinary disorders. Paris evidence proves their worth.Chas. Stewart, tinsmith, Lillestonavenue, says: "I have had three orfour attacks of lumbago in the pastfew years, the first being the worst.There was a constant, dull ache inmy back all the time and often sharp,cutting pains darted through it. Itsometimes seemed as though I couldhardly endure the misery. I trieddifferent remedies with no results. Iheard of Doan's Kidney Pills andprocured them frojm the ArderyDrug Co. The first box helped meand I continued taking them untilcured. Attacks since then have always been slight. Doan's KidneyPills have never failed to relieveme."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Stuart had. Foster-Milburn Co.,Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)oKENTUCKY' THREATENED BYSEVENTEEN-YEAR LOCUSTS"Kentucky and neighboring Stateswill be infested with the seventeenyear locust during the coming season. The year 1919 is likely to beone of the worst locust years on record, but we see nothing alarming inthe prospects," said an entomologistof the Department of Agriculture atWashington. "The periodical cicada,the real name for the insect commonly called locust, will do the mostdamage in Indiana, Kentucky, Tennessee and about nineteen other Stateslocated principally in the CentralWest."ACIDITY OF STOMACH,INDIGESTION OR GASEat One Tablet! Get Instant Reliefby Taking Pape's Diapepsin.When meals don't fit and youbelch gas, acids and undigestedfood. When you feel lumps of distress in stomach, pain, flatuence,heartburn or headache. Here is instant relief no waiting!Just as soon as you eat a tabletof Pape's Diapepsin all the dyspepsia, indigestion and stomach distressends. These pleasant, harmless tablets of Pape's Diapepsin never fail tomake sick, upset stomachs feel fineat once, and they cost so little atdrug stores. (adv)LET US END AS WE BEGANThe work of the Red Cross is alla work of love. It is needed nowmore than ever, when the full, terrible sum of the war's cost is, beingestimated in deaths and wounds andsuffering and maiming, in blindnessand lameness and weakness of everysort, in hitter loss and need in America, and in endless canteen and hospital service over there. Let us endthe great war as we began it ingenerosity and love to the men thathave spared us what England andFrance aifd Italy "have endured foryears. The organization of the RedCross is perfect; there is no soldierbeyond their reach, there is nocrossroads village to'o small for themto find and help. From "The Spiritof Washington," by Katherine Norris, in the February Red Cross Magazine. xoThere is more Catarrh in this section of the country than all otherdiseases put to&etner & for vearsit was supposed to be incurable. Doctors prescribed local remedies, and byconstantly failing to cure with localtreatment, pronounced it incurable.Catarrah is a local disease, greatlyinfluenced by constitutional conditions and therefore requires constitutional treatment. Hall's CatarrhMedicine, manufactured by F. J.Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio, is a constitutional remedy, is taken internally and acts through the blood onthe- mucous surfaces of the system.One Hundred Dollars reward is offered for any case that Hall's CatarrhMedicine fails to cure. Send for circulars and testimonials.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by druggists, 75c.Hall's "Family Pills for constipation. (jan-adv), oSCHUBERTS ARE AFTER THEATRE IN LEXINGTON.The Shuberts are negotiating forthe Strand Theatre in Lexington.Charles Scott was to negotiate thedeal. The Shuberts have been try-AAling to get to get a legitimate theatre in Lexington for years. Mr.Scott ran the Liberty Theatre atCamp Zachary Taylor.CONSTIPATION AID INDIGESTION"I have used Chamberlain's Tab-1lets and Must say they are the TjostI have evr used for constipationand indigestion. My wife alsbUBethem for indigestion and they' didher good," writes Eugena S. Kkight,Wilmiagtoi.N. Cr Obtainable everywhere. ',' ' jaa-adv) .;OynCaTEXT ' -JHJMLEKE1COUNCIL ANNOUNCEMENTPARIS, FRANCE, Jan. 27. Thetext of the official announcement ofThursday's meeting of the SupremeCouncil reads:"The President of the UnitedStates, the Prime Ministers and For-,eign Ministers and the Allied andAssociated Powers and the Japaneserepresentatives met Thursday morning at the Quay d'Orsay. The meeting proceeded with the examinationof the agenda for the plenary meeting of the conference on Saturday.The following questions xwere considered for this purpose:"First International legislation onlabor."Second Restmnsihilitv and Tinn.ishments in connection with the war."Third Reparation for wardamage."Fourth International regime ofports, waterways and railways."In addition, the meeting beganconsideration of the procedure to beadopted with regard to territorialquestions."The Supreme War Council metFriday morning at 10:30 o'clock.Marshal Foch, Field Marshal Haig andGen. Diaz were present, as well asthe military representatives at Versailles of the Allied and AssociatedPowers." "oBAD COLD qUICKLY BROKEN UPMrs. Martha Wilcox. Oowanda. "N".Y., writes: "I first used Chamberlain's Cough Remedy about eightyears ago. At that time I had ahard cold and coughed most of thetime. It proved to be just what Ineeded. It broke un the cnld in afew days, and the cough entirelydisappeared. I have told many' of myfriends of the good I receivedthrough using this medicine, and allwho have used it speaks of it in thehighest terms." Obtained every-'where.(jan-adv)o .PRESIDENT WILSON MAY BE 0FPERRED LEADERSHIPPARIS, FRANCE, January 24.President Wilson- is likely to beoffered the presidency of the commission of the League of Nations, theEcho de Paris says.By the commission of the Leagueof Nations probably is meant thftpermanent executive body for theconduct of the proposed league's affairs. Should the league be successfully organized alone: lines now advanced it would include everv civilized nation on earth, and thus thepresidency of its executive bodywould be the highest position in theworld and in all history, makingPresident Wilson, if he is named forthe post, the virtual president of theworld.FW mM ,r Cr ZRevised PricesThe assurance of material for quantityproduction of Buick cars enables theBuick Motor Company to establish thefollowing prices on the various Buickmodels, effective January first, 1919.These prices will not be changed duringour present dealers' selling agreements..$. .k Motorjffl&r- s&LC.',$u BALL GARAGEAetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFireTheftCollisionProperly DamageLiabilityAnd OtherCasualtiesA. J. FEEAGENTEVENINGS JNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.useOiectricetyfor CigbtingIt's the only satisfactory way.use SetsTor Beating and CookingIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix You UpFor the Use of BothElectricity and Gas.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)-.'''-- siOS '?EVERYBODT KWWS2Uro-IN-HEAD MEANS BUKXThree Passenger Open Model H-Six-44Five Passenger Open ModeliH-Six-45 -FourPassenger Closed Model H-Six-46Five Passenger Closed ModeJH-Six-47Seven Passenger Open Model H-Six-4Seven Passenger Closed Model H-Six-SOCompany, Flint,noneer Builders of Val ye-in-Head Motor'-i.J.VlHome-KilledMM ATSFRESHFISHDressed to Order,MflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat Marketmms-s:nnnmJanuaryCLEARANCEBQuif o Up to$15$32.50BI noto Up to$25.00 tPIVThese are some bargains.All we ask of you is to comein and see them.Big reductions in Shoes,Waists, Dresses, "Millinery,Skirts, Dry Goods, Etc.See Window Displays. Twin Bros.Department StoreMain and 7th Paris, Ky.rl&l$1495:-.?- 14951985:- 2m1785:- 2585VMiefifeittCteV- ,4t --xstiMf-,l' Vk VTUESDAY, JANUARY 2, 119.THE BOURBON 1TEWS, PAWS, KKSTUCrTmrPERUNAMade Mo a WeU ManMr. Louis Young, 205MerrbBac St, Rochester, N.y writes:"I suffered for thirty yearswith chronic ewd tremble, tomefc trwtWe ni fceaMsrluLgres efWe boBgkt & bottle of Peruna&nd I took It fatthftrtly, and Ifregu tm feel better.Mr wife persuaded me to continue, and I took it for sometime as directed. 27r I am awellSuffered thirtyyears withvtomaditrouble andhemorrhage of the bowels.Ue,l ex Tablet Fern" W Illl !bVbbmS$cJJhIWATCH US GROW!v-vkEST OF INDEMNITIES PAr VOKED BY PRESIDENTPARIS, FRANCE, January 27.Th. second ession of the PeaceCongress, will, like the first,be open to the press. The first subject on the order of business will beinternational legislation on labor.Tn the course of the considerationof the questio nof the reparation atthe meeting of the Supreme Warcouncil, the Paris editio-n of theLondon Daily Mail says ""President Wilson agreed to the principlethat Germany must be made to payIndemnities in addition to the fullcost of reparation."The decision or ine peace comer"A GOOD AMERICAN,"There wasn't much left of Coneglano just ragged stone walls andheaps of masonry and piles of debrisand hungry people. Some of themhad lived thruogh the bombardment,others had been refugees and hadmade their way back to their nativevillage after the Austrians retreated.And there was a good Americanthere, too, little Maria, who appearedat Red Cross headquarters with a bigbasket and a smile and who pointedto the stars and stripes and announced: "Io buono Americano."Her mother and two of her threeOne brother hada - QlCTOrO TirOTQ IIIto rAnp.w relations witn me o rr ".Boieehviki gives a new impulse to been killed, another brother was thenanarchy and is of danger not only in the army. Her father had beento Russia, but to the whole world," dead several years. There were asaid Prince Lyoff, former Russian COuple of rooms left to their house,prem ier. Announcement was though, SOt really matters mightpade by Sergius . Sazenoff for- haye been w M th(J mtle Italianiaer Russian Minister, now repre-i:. .. wihanoii P'nvprranHnr h.l"'WU ,a TOAirt t ticiTate to one of the Red Crosa workers.uir.a, v" v, "w. jt jf-y "7in a conference with Bolsheviki repreeentatives.oPEESIDENT WILSON MAY RETURN HOME SOON.The "good American," who, ofcourse had never seen America, ortraveled more than twenty milesfrom the town, went back home ifwhat a shell leaves of' a house may, be called home with rice and beansNEW YORK, Jan. 27. Members and baCQn and tea miik andof the crew of the transport George mother and sisters and herself2?&M ecetdtfeeoTnU! ad tlu day a meal that seemed anext return trip from overseas it will sumptuous banquet by comparisonbring President Wilson back from the j with the steady diet of cabbage souppeace conference. The ship's "talent" which was all they had for weeks bewas busy to-day preparing an enter-4 tlle Austrians retreated. And thetainment which it was declared would t fl and the next and the nextjfHytLVrZtey had American Red Cross food,scheduled to leave here for Brest . and after a couple of weeks the "goodvASiPrnav a.1111 uu ttcn. , uovn. n- .k iaiuchvuica on Feb. 15. It is due to arrivehere on February 24. ,oNoiall of the signers of the Declaration of Independence were satis-,fled in their xwn jninds that the Hepublican form of government theyplanned would stand the test of time.But they were willing to risk theirnecks to take a chance.Not all of -the statesmen sincetheir day have been satisfied with theresult. Some have declared that Republics fall short of the desiredmark; that there is too much politics and too little , honest-to-Godlooking after the public welfare.And looking back down the yearssince 1776, seeing the progressAmerica has made; appreciating thetruly wonderful growth and prosperity the country has enjoyed and realizing the influence our example hasexercised upon the world at large,we will have to admit that the experiment has done pretty well.For finally it developed uponAmerica the struggling infant of acentury ago, to step in and save theworld from the terror of tyranny andoppression and serfdom and unprecedented extortion that, rolled intoone, represent Kaiserism.And incidentally make the worldfree for democracy.Mow thrmierhout the length andbreadth of Germany and Russia andthe Balkans the people are fightingwith the old, hard-dying Imperialistic spirit for a greater liberty.A lusty little flock of prospectiveremiblics are poking their headsabove the troubled waters of world-regenartion.For the republic is coming into itsown.And, whoop-ee! Watch us grow!Uncle Sam didn't get away witnoutgetting his . fingers just a trifle'scorched. It cost him a pretty penny,vmt Tip.'r a thoroughbred. Ingame for the common good' of theworld he didn't try to pass the buck.And don't you try it in the nextLiberty Loan.oMEETING AN EMERGEflfJYThe greatest emergency theworld has witnessed since dt beganto rainupon Noah is being met rightnow in Europe. ,Two million of Uncle Sam's, boysare over there looking after thecommon good of the world at large.And they willv have' to stay uponthe job until it is done. Untilthiners are righted again. Until order brought out of chaos.This may be only two or threemonths longer. It may be as manyv 4-iJ- .fifyears.But while they are there theymust be taken care of adequately.They must be clothed and fed andlodged comfortably. We. don't wanta death list in camp greater thanTHE GIST OF IT.was quite a healthy looking little girl and the mother andsisters were geting along well. Andthe child never failed to announce,"Io buono Americano"came to the AmericanT c- riaiainVior T Tiafl fl VfiTV Sfi-vere cold and was -nearly down Jrick place in Concglano.i vJ T Vn.it f-nrft Vmtflp.S 'Of 1m ireu.- x uvubui, 'vv r -- i owhen sheRed Crossbottles 'of IChamberlain's Cough Remedy and it jWAR SAVINGS W0RK,P0R 1919IN KENTUCKY.was suffered in action. - yWe want those boys to come back;every possible one of them.Uncle Sam estimates that it costs$423.27 a year to equip and maintain a soldier in Europe. So ifthey remain a year it means approximately $1,000,000,000. And everyadded month will mean proportionately (more.Part of the proceeds from the coming Liberty Loan will be devoted tothis end. Part of it will go into therehabilitation fund for putting theinjured soldiers back upon theirfeet. Part of it will go for insurance claims. The rest will go tomeet the hundred and one other demands of this greatest of worldemergencies since the dawn of civilization. Uncle Sam has been peace makerfor the world so far in this worldwar. He has astounded the wiseacres of a dozen nations with hisJohnny-on-the-spot way of a ccomplishing things.And he has poured out histhe wealth of treasure like water for theworld good.This is no time for Americans tothink of letting up.We must stand by our guns; byour record; by Uncle Sam.We must make the next loan another big success.i. oTechnical Descriptionwas only a very few days until I wasrpatnrAd to health." writes O. J.Metcalfe, Weatherby, Mo. If youwould know the value of this remedy, ask any one who has used it.Obtainable everywhere.(jan-adv)o-3CUBSESSUICIDE ON RETURNEROM EUROPE.RHEUMATISM IS PAINONLY RUB IT AWAYBORDEAUX, January 27. MissesGladys and Dorothy Cromwell, sistens, of New York, leaped from therail of the French steamer La Lorronne as the steamer was in the Garonne river bound for New. York.Both were drawned. The bodies have not yet been recovered.the American Red Cross and were pain, soreness and stiffness fromInstant Relief Prom Pain, Soreness,Stiffness Follows a Rubbing with"St. Jacob's Liniment."Stop "dosing" rheumatism.It's pain only; not one case infifty requires internal treatment.Rub soothing, penetrating "St.Jacob's Liniment" right on the "tender spot," and by the time you sayJack Robinson out comes the rheumatic pain and distress. "St.Jacob's Liniment" conquers pain!It is a harmless rheumatism liniment which never disappoints andftaBRii't burn the skin. It takesreturning home. A letter found mtheir stateroom and addressed to thecommanding officer of their Red,Cross unit informed him of their intention "to end it all." The Misses,n.,r..n ot-o cafrt tn Tiave belongedx- i vrTO- Wf1r fnimUV-1 irn. mnment' VOU'll be freerrr. -A m Htyip at the J njdns. aches and stiffness.front and friends -said tney nan complained of being tired physically&ad mentally.arhi:n $r ioints. muscles and ,bonesjstops sciatica, lumbago, backache,jiueralgiaf and reduces welling.Limber up! Get a. small trial bottle of old-time, honest "St. Jacob's-raiment" from any drug store, ndiromDon'tRub rheumatism away.(adv)osuffer.ACLEARCOIflfINRuddy Cheeks Sparkling EyesMost Women Can HaveSays Dr. Edwards, a Well-KnownOhio Physiciantv P. M. Towards for 17 years treatedscores of women for liver and bowelaihnents. During these years he gave tohis patients a prescription made of a fewwell-known vegetable ingredients i mixedwith olive oil, naming them Dr. EdwardsOlive Tablets. You will know them bytheir olive color. .These tablets are wonder-workers on theliver and bowels, which cause a normalaction, carrying off the waste and poisonous matter in one's system.If you have a pale face, sallow look, dulleyes, pimples, coated tongue, headaches, alistless, no-good feeling, all out of sorts,inactive bowels, you take one of Dr.Edwards' Olive Tablets nightly for a timeand note the pleasing results.Thousands of women as well as mentake Dr. Edwards Olive Tablets the successful substitute for calomel now. anathen just to keep in the pink of condmoo10c and 25c per box. All druggists.CAMPAIGN EOR RELIEE OPSTARVING ARMENIANSiTHE INVISIBLE BIFOCALSNoLet ns examine your eyes.guess work we know now.Pitted byDr. Wm. Riley FranklinSuite 2tS- First National Bamk;Men and women fighting for a bitof bread, children eating vines andscrambling for a melon rind, mothers in their madness abandoningchildren, babies starving in streetsafter being born in wretchedness,andunburied dead left to lie wherethey dropped of hunger tnese arebut a few or tne conaiuuu& w"the people of America will be privileged to alleviate by earnest, generous participation in the coming campaign to raise a $30,000,000 fund inthe United States for rendering aidto starved, outraged nations whichhave suffered under Turkish oppression since the outbreak of the war inEurope. Kentucky's part in thegreat work is $300,000, and everyperson in Kentucky will be given anopportunity of adding even a mite tofurther this humanitarian work,sunn. parlv in 1915 the UnitedStates has from time to time beenhorrified to hear of outrages perpetrated by Turks and Germans uponthe peoples in the Biblical HolyTrid. the region in which the Sonof God spent his earthy span ofyears. The only reason the news didnot reach America earlier, for theoppression began in August 1914, atthe identical time the Hun loosed hismalevolence on Belgium, was becausestrict censorship prevented the truefacts from reaching the outsideworld. .From time to time, at firstthrough missionaries xand thenthrough especially organized relief,the United States has succored thesepeople, until the time has come whena last generous response will meantheir reborning, an occurrence whichwill mean that they will ever look tov,lc rrmntrv Witn ieenufcowords.. -o rIn a statement recenly given outby the Hon. Carter Glass, Secretaryof the Treasury, the facts there givenmake it plain why the United StatesGovernment his issued $2,000,000,-000 series of War Savings Stampsfor 1919.The Treasury Department has placed the general oversight of this campaign in the hands of the FederalReserve Banks, who have been givenpower to co-ordinate the LibertyLoan and the War Savings organiza0 t Vm T?.i??hth District, towhich War Savings work in all orKentucky has been assigned, this isbeing accomplished with as fewchanges as possible. The presentState and county organizations willcontinue, and the State Committeehopes for the continued co-operationof the various county organizations.The campaign of 1919 will differfrom that 1918 in several respects.It will lay particular stress on theorganization of War Savings Societies; education of the people in thetheory and practice of thrift; the appeal for the same patriotic effort to,nnnrf tiiA Government in peacethat was shown during the war. ItT.rm tnVo some time, however,, tomake all the necessary local adjustments, and it is important that thecounty chairmen maintain their organizations during this period of readjustment. The task for 1919 is just as important as that of 1918. It has beenshown what patriotism means in war.Now the entire nation must be educated in the patriotism of peace. AllWar Savings Stamps agencies andall War Savings Societies are to ber.Vi in authority without reorganization or reappointment, and areto continue, the work they are doingwithout any interruption whatever.Stamp selling agencies, especiallythe banking institutions and postoffices, are to be ujged to t oncecheck up on the unredeemed pledgeson nand at the close of 1918 and togo after the delinquent pledgors invigorous fashion. The Federal Government expects these Pledgors to"make good" on their pledges at theeSltssible time in 1919. EveryrurchasePr of a 1918 Thrift: Stamp orWar Savings stamp i& a, yiuo1919.oNtver Quite Satisfied.It doesn't make any difference whata woman gets, there is always something a little more expensive shewishes she could have had.A gang of Bolshevist prisonershave been assigned to workfor the Red Cross at the Americanconvalescent hospital in Archangel.mT0 SAVE ON SHOES"Cut cf curicsity I tried a pair ofNeolin Soles," writes W. P. Macartneyof St. Louis, "and today, after fivemonths of hard service I fail to noticeany real signs of wear on them."This statement points the way toreal economy in shoes. What yourshoes cost, by the year, depends largelyon how the soles wear and Neolin Solesdo wear a very long time. Moreover,they are exceedingly comfortable ,andwaterproof scientifically made to beexactly what soles should be and soworn now by millions.They are available everywhere onnew shoes and for re-soling. They aremade by The Goodyear Tire &f Rubber Company, Akron, Ohio, who alsomake Wingfoot Heels, guaranteed tooutwear any other heels.fleolin SolesProfessional Cards.WM, GRANNANAttorney-at-LawROOMS 401-402PERST NATL BANK BUILDINGDR. WM. KENNEY,Eye, Ear, Nose and ThroatROOMS 403-404URST NATL BANK BUILDINGPHONE 136II Both Phone. v Pari -Ky. j Allied troopf i i2- -THEODORE ROOSEVELT'S ESTATEVALUED AT $500,000.Colonel Thodore Roosevelt's will,made in 1912, was read to membersof the family at Sagamore Hill, Friday, and was filed with the surrogateof .Nassau county, aatuiuu.Although the value of the formerPresident's estate was not madeknown! it was understood to amounttoiot more $500,000 Ac cording toAttorney 'George C. Cobbe, of NewYork who read the will, the document provides that the entire estate,with the eXCeption of the famly silver ad Plate'shall be Jeld in trustfor the widow during u , -civesher power to dispose ot it bywm as she sees fit. .'in the event sheJeaves-.no will, the estate is to be d -videdin equal parts among the chil-rnt, family silver and plate, Mr.t. a 9rA to be divided amongtne chUdren as is a $60,000 trusUfund left to coionei itoue u,f8,The will named as trustee Lieu-;tenant Colonel Theodore Roosevelt,jr and W. Emlin Roosevelt, acousin of the Colonel.o-ti ian0r: in India recentlyasked that money intended as a giftto them, be given to the Red Ciossor the Y. M. C. A.i .--pntv.cp.vfin Serbian crippled.- . - u fwinotwl as trac.T.mri-le3-for the men overseas 6oiaiers.naYe uCu.s..-- .,fi-b-e-.miiiftKd juCjffW - the i - - ;. fi '-'V-4 "" f H - f X a 'i- ' vn- .CAHAL BROS.BARBER SHOPsOfV -1Lfenccjfiaiti -HBHllA . nHw? KjiHHffgftmfl mil lining -IMfl MMaWMfciKmii THFK.W WHHI,I,UI I m VnWHMgmf "tiwmla BiHpiBMSi4aUd9U&w9BMMt ISSilPii9iBfBL3 1 I IIDescription of Engine.The Genco Light engine has been designed andbrought out especially for the duty for which it is used.The first models of the Genco engine have been in operation in the U. S. for over 7 years" and are passer! theexperimental stage at this time. The engine is of the 4cycle, top valve type. The cooling employed is water,but it will be noted that a radiator is used, which meansthat only 2 gallons of cooling water are necessary. Afterthose 7 years of tests and experiments it has been foundnecessary to abandon the air cooled construction, whichgave fairly good results for the first two years, but whichis not reliable after that time. The crank shaft of theGenco Light engine is counter balanced, and has its flywheel inside of the crank case. It is probably the onlyengine in the world having this construction, which ismore expensive, but which avoids vibration, The crankshaft runs on white metal bearings of ample Fsize. Infact a study of the size of those bearings on the crankshaft will convince anybody of the reliable character ofGenco Light construction. The connecting rod bearingon the crank shaft is 1 3-4 inches in diameter by 2 3-8inches long. The main bearings on the crank shaft are1 1-2 inches in diameter and 3 inches long, which makesa total bearings projected area on the main bearings of 9square inches. vS The only manufacturers of lighting plants in therld making their own engines, generators and batteries. Which means we will be in business when otherswill be gone. tJOHN MERRINGERPLUMBING, HEATINGPARIS, KENTUCKYNew Toll Rate Effective January21st, 1919Order No. 2495 of the Telegraph and Telephone Administrationissued by the Postmaster General at Washington, December 13th, a new .toll rate is ordered effective Januarry 21, 1919.According to our interpretation of this order the toll rates will heclassified as follows: The day rate applies between the hour of 4:30 a.m. and 8:30 p. m. vNight rate between 8:30 and 12 midnight for station-to-atatlon measages only, shall be approximately 50 per cent, less than any. day ratea,but no night rate for less than 25 cents.Another night rate between 12 midnight and 4:30 a. m. shall be approximately 75 per cent, lees than the day rate, but no night rate leesthan 25 cents.Person-to-person meeaagee shall he approximately 25 per cent.higher than station-to-station ratee.Appointment calls anaii oe approxipiaieiy ou per corn,, lugaor mstation-to-station call.Calls which require service of a messenger shall take the appolmtment rate, plus cdst of messenger fee. . .A report charge of approximatly- 25 per cent, of the station-to station rate will be made on all person-to-person calls, when person desireCis not in or will not talk or if party calling is out when connection is eomVpleted within one hour after filing time.Paris Home Telephone & Telgraph Co;' (Incorporated.)J. J. VEATCH,District ManagerW. H. CANNON,Local ManagerPrompt and Courteous Attention toPatrons.HOT AND COLD BATHSKENTUCKY TRACTION &TERMINAL CO.INTERURBAN SCHEDULEbeyond.. Lve. ParisFor Lexington.6:45 a. m.7:15 a. m.8:15 a.m.9:45 a. m.11:15 a. m.12:45 p. m.2:15 p. m.3:45 p.m.5:15 p. m.6:50 p.m.8:15 p.p.10:05 p.m.'Lve. LexingtonFor Paris.6:00 a.m.7:20 a.m.8:50 a.mr10:20 a.m.11:50 a.m.1:20 p.m.2:50 pm.1 4:20 p.m.6:00 p.m.7:20 pm.9:10 p.m.11:00 p. mKi1trt" JtsriiGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.:X .Siiv -i?.rI!Kl35rA MAN AND HIS WIFEDaily except Sunday.Packages handled on all trainsreaching point oF destination before'6 p. m. kBagjlage. deliveries jnade on alltrain's. .. . - ',2?ISJ Vi '5 ILEVY, THE DRYCumberland Phone 40may both derive satisfactionby haying-their worn and' soiledgarments cleaned by us. The.cost is nominal, while the pleas -ureof wearing old clothes that4have the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a great-iving, must surely satisfy youA phone brings us.CLEANERHome Phone 1692iHr- , -IACrtf -,- i . --,-- , .jf - -'-t jiiay-4Wt&&f;r:sl;Xr.T' VTYfcr'i &&. .- -&JUUUCUGHTTHEBOTJEBON JREWSL PAWS, KEKTUCKlMilTUESDAY, JANUJJtY , lllf.Jmfryferiv-.$x - y1vWOKE1TS ACTIVITIES.ESSTtftlE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMO',tfr 4- jr At- the Red Cross Sewine Koojil' Tuesday Paris Literay Club.r. V Wednesday-T Woman's Bible Class. id tHe Christian, church,tv Thursday U. D. C.'Priday pin Surgical Dressing1An,v ' '- " ' 'jh. Among: the Glubs. .s Paris Literary Club. January 29.'u 'Monses, a Character Study MrsiEdwards..Reading' Miriijm's Song of Tri-umpli, Moses' Farewell to His Peo-pie Miss Clay. . --The Mosaic Law The Code andthe Ritual Mrs. McClure. -.- f 7-; . .1?4-! Progressive Culture Club, January, 30.z ' McKinlfey.', Leader Mrs. J. W. Bacon.' ' pressing in War Times Mrs.J CJlendenin. . , "'' Rebuilding the Wounds Mrs. BaK ton. .' " pursing Miss Ball."'' North Middletown's Woman's. piub January "31.r " Kentucky in Nation's Wars.- Revolution and War of 1812 Mrs.'L. R. Henry.H :T2ife Mexican War and the CiviliVVar Mrs. Jim Evans.'Reconstruction in Kentucky -Mrs.'A. S. Trimble. 'Today, Tuesday, Jan. 28AT THE ALAMO' Jesse L. Lasky PresentsVICTOR MOOREin "SNOBS"Wm. Duncan in the Last .Episode of"A Fight For Millions"Antonio Moreno and Carol Holloway jlavltagraph's Latest and Greatest Serial"THE IRON TEST"Pathe Comedy, "Take a Chance"AT THE GRANDEntire Change of ProgramRenf ax. Musical.-i v - MotidirPicturesWm.- Duncan in Last' Episode of"A Fight For Millions"Antonio Moreno and Carol Hollowayin Vitagraph'a Latest and Greatest Serial"The Iron Test"WEDNESDAY. JAN. 29For the .First Time on Any ScreenFRED STONEAmerica's Greatest Acrobatic Comedianin "THE GOAT"Fred Stone flashes through this greatpicture, Yes, flashes is the word. Hetakes some of the biggest risks you eversaw. without batting an eyelash. Forhonest-to-goodness thrills see "The Goat."Big V Comedy, "Roofs and Riots'and Paramount Pictograph.THURSDAY, JAN. 30ALICE BRADYIN"Her Great Chance"Though even his patient father gavehim up, she took "Her Great Chance"with him. A wonderful story of how the"Million Dollar Kid" of Broadway is reformed by a clever girl.Screen Magazine and UniversalComedy, "The Vamp."Edward Van Leeuwe OrchestraADMISSION 22c15c.Chldren Under 12 Not Admitted.Millersburg Twentieth). Centuryut) February 1.' I?:oll Call. . 0Red Cross Notes., From Current Opinion. . 'literature Mrs. C. R. Jones.Art Mrs. W. M. Miller.Religion and Social Tthics MissGaines. , n. , The Industrial World Miss NanNnie! Clarke. ."?C Parliamentary LaW--Mrs. Arthur'tBest. - 'Jam-r HSaIth Biid Welfate Leaguepaieii in-February.'An. intensive campaign for increasing membership will be started onTuesday, February 4, by the BourbonCounty Health arid Welfare League,The work will be carried on by committees who will make a thoroughcauass of the city and county.Her this good work by respondingwith your name and fifty cents forjnei .bership."The League's good work carried on"be 'the Visiting Nurse, Mrs. HarrietMinaker, is too well known here toinvite newspaper comment. Day andnight through the stress of the influenza she has worked in alleviating distress and sickness among theunfortunates who were unable tohelp themselves, and in every wayhas worked hard to carry out theobjects for which the Health andWelfare League was created. Helpthe good women of the League ina their good work by becoming a member. ''Have your irapne and fiftycents" will be the slogan from February 4.The Health and Welfare Leaguestarted its pennyv lunch at the ParisPublic Schools yesterday anothergood work they are. doing.Knitters Aeain Appealed To.An appeal to" women released-from, knitting for the Red Cross tomake protectors for wounded soldiers or- sailors who have sufferedamputation of arms or legs has, beenIssued by the National Booth Knitting: Committee of the Navy League,with, headquarters in New York. Amodel "garment" has been knittedby Mrs. Chanucey M. Depew, wife offile former -Senator, and approved bymedical officers of the DebarkationHospital 'Service, whose instructionsreceive every week hundreds of disabled men. re turning from foreignservicedYOTJNG'MEIT WANTED-" Young jmen, 16 and over, are elf.gibl for government RailwayMaiL Clerks 2 month. Examinations aoon. For free particulars,-writs Raymond Terry, (former CivilService Examiner), 1266 ColumbianBuilding,- Washington. (21-3tpd)JB-4. fflREinsure with-W.O.HINTON &SON,AgtsT T IGRAVEL.Mrs. Hart Gravel, aged aboutthirty-two, diedat her home on the.John Marr farm, near Millersburg, ofinfluenza. She is survived by herhusband" and one child. The interment took place in the MillersburgCemetery, with services' conductedat the graveside.ALLEN.The funeral of Mrs. Katie F.aged thirty-eight, wife of Mr. MorganAllen, who died, at her homenear Jacksonville, in this county, after a sh6rt illness of pneumonia, washeld Saturday afternoon, in the Jacksonville Cemetery, at 2:30 o'clock,with services conducted at the graveside by Rev. J. B. Jones, pastor ofthe Mt. Carmel Christian' church.The pall-bearers were: Milton Allen,Herbert Smith, Marion Ryles, VestaAllen, Clayde Ryles and Nathan Linville. Mrs. Allen is survived besides herhusband, by three daughters, MissesElizabeth, Edith and Laura Allen;her father, Mr. Steve Smith, andfour brothers, Noah, Duke, Jamesand John Smith.DYKES.Mrs. Mary Dykes, aged seveone, died at three o'clock yesterdaymorning at the home of her daughter, Mrs. Wm. O'Neill, on Mainstreet, after a short illness of infirmities of age. Funeral servise will beheld at the grave in the Paris Cemetery at four o'clock this afternoon,conducted by Rev. R. C. Goldsmith,pastorvof the Paris Baptist church.The pall-bearers will be" JamesShea, Joe Glenn, Henry Curtis, Thos.Rule, George Judy, Harry Current,M. J. Murphy and J. W. Ishmael.Mrs. ''Dykes is survived by five daughters, Mrs. Ida Harris, , of Fayettecounty; Mrs. Kate Rosenthal, of Cincinnati; Mrs. E. T. Garrett, of Indianapolis; Mrs. Wm. O'Neill andMrs. Bessie Bratton, of Paris, and,two sons, Charles Dykes, of Paris,and Thos. Dykes, of Cincinnati, andone brother, John Burden, of Detroit,' Mich.McPHEETERS.-X MATRIMONIAL.The engagement of Miss Katherine Cochran, of the Lexington College of Music, and a well-known visitor in Paris, to Mr. Thos. B. Robertson, has been announced as follows: "Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Cochran, ofSanders, Kentucky, announce the engagement of their daughter, Katherin to Mr. Thomas Stone Robertson,of Bethel, Kentucky." ,The wedding will occur March 5,at the home of the bride-elect's parents, at Sanders, Ky. Mr. and Mrs.Robertson will reside at Bethel.,; Miss Cochran is head of theStudio Club, which promoted the artists series of concerts in CentralKentucky, bringing there several ofthe most famous musicians of theworld, and ' also giving the firstSpring Festival of Music in this partof v the State. She is now directorof the choir of the Central Christian church in Lexington, possessingMiss Cochran received her musicalMiss Cachran received her musicaleducation from the best masters ofCincinnati and abroad, and is prossessed of a distinct personal attractionand charm. Mr. Robertson is a prominent business man of Bethel, and isan officer in the Bethel Christianchurch. He is a widower with threeattractive children.V IGOr WELLS. 'Miss Ethel Igo and Mr. JamesWells, both of near Spears Mills, inthis county, were united in marriage in this city by Rev. R. C. Goldsmith, pastor of the Baptist church.KSSDESTROYS SETTLEMENTSCHOOL IN EARLANCOUNTY.Miss Edith Scott, of New York,-testfier; and Elbert Walker, AlnonHu alnd LandifS Hall, all less than15 -years old, were burned to death,ad an unidentified boy was severelyinjured hy jumping from a two-story-"wtttdow when Burkham Hall, PineMountain Settlement School, Harlancounty, was destroyed by fire Fridaymorning at 2-:30 o'clock. OtherTiuiirfiTurs were saved. Several children 'were injured when trying toescape. The fire was caused by a defective furnace.Ftrc, Wind and LightningInsurance v "Thomas, Woodford & BryanDeath cut short a beautiful lifewhen he took from the- loving friendsand relatives the soul of Mrs. EttaQuisehberry McPheeters, wife of Mr.Irvine McPheeters, her death occurring suddenly at an early hour Friday morning, following a short illness of influenza.The news of Mis.death came as a distinct shock, to herhost of friends, most of whom did noteven know she had been ill. Everything that medical science and loving care-eould do to prolong her lifewas done, but to no avail.Mrs. McPheeters was a daughter ofthe late Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Quisenberry, well-known and prominentresidents of Paris, both of whom preceded her to the grave many yearsago. She w,as a young woman oflovely "Christian character, possessing a sunny disposition, with a brightsmile and a cheery good word ofgreeting for all. She is survived byher husband, one daughter, MissEthel McPheeters, and one sister,Mrs. Lena Parker, all of this city.The body was taken to Winchester where the interment took placeon the Quisenberry lot in the Winchester Cemetery, Saturday morningat eleven o'clock, with services ' conducted at the grave by Rev. W. E.Ellis, pastor of the Paris Christianchurch. 'IN THE SERVICE ;OF THEIR COUNTRYCONNELL HAMMAnnouncement of the marriageof her niece, Miss Florence Rosemary Connell, to Lieut. Alfred HomerHamm, which occurred at Rochester,New York, recently, was receivedhere by Mrs: Jesse Napier. The brideis the attractive daughter of the lateMr. J. J. Connell, formely of Paris,known through Central Kentucky asan expert merchant tailor and designer of men's garments. Thebride's mother was "formerly MissAgnes Carr, a. sister of Mr. Frank B.Carr, for many years Louisville &Nashville agent at Paris, and nowGeneral Agent for the Company, atLexington.KENNEDY JONES. ' rThe marriage of Miss FlorenceKennedy, youngest daughter of Mr.and Mrs. Edward Kennedy, residingnpnr Paris, on the Ruddles MillsMcPheeters' -pike, and Mr. Jos. Jones, a youngfarmer of the same vicinity, was celebrated recently at the residence ofthe officiating minister, Rev. J. T.Sharrard, on South Main street, inthis city. .The brfde is a handsome youngwoman, with a host of friends inthis city and county. She had beenonrnilP.fi as a nunil in the businessdepartment of the Paris High School,but had not oeen aiienumg amuc uiCinfluenza ban had been lifted. Themarriage of the young people cameas quite a. surprise to their familiesand friends, as none of them hadbeen given any intimation of the approaching event.HEAL ESTATE DEALS.The following sales and transfersof Paris and Bourbon county realestate have been made recently bythe Paris Realty Company:A seven-room cottage on HoustonAvenue belonging to Mrs. J. H. Haggard, to Mr. and Mrs. Louis Lilieston, at a private price. The homewill be remodeled and occupied whencompleted by the purchasers. ForMr. H. C. Mann a six-room home -onHenderson street, to Mr. James L.Day, at a private price''. JVlr. Day recently sold his home on Brent streetand will move to his new purchase.For Mr. C. T. Adair, his farm of seventy-fiveacres, near Millersburg, toMr. Wt C, Bell, ofParis. Mr. Bellwill move to the property about thefirst of March. For Mr. Roma Purcell, of near Paris, 'a three-acre tractof unimproved land on the Bethlehempike, near Paris, to Mr. R. H. Mattox,at a private price. Mr. Mattox willerect a home on the property.Mn Clayton Curtis, of North Middletown, has sold his farm, locatedon the Skillman pike, near Paris, toDr. L. R. Henry, of North Middletown, for $200 per acre.The Fred Fister faqm, on theNorth Middletown pike, near Paris,recently purchased by Messrs. J. W.Connell and R. F. Collier, at ?3jDl"per acre, has been resold by them,through the Harris & Speakes agency, of Paris, to Messrs. Frank Collins and David Smart, of the county, ifor $338.05 an acre. The farm contains 212 acres. It will be. divided.Mr. Collins will secure the improvements and 132 acres, while Mr.Smairt will take the eighty-acretract adjoining the Trundle farm.The purchasers will move to the farmabout March 1,Auctioneer George D. Speakes con-The Paris GrandTwo Days Only, Monday atl A.and Tuesday, February . .wallUfMUSIC - COMEDY . NOVELTY - DRAMA - SENSATIONjne JbingiiK, Dancing, Laughing Season's TreatM. W. McQUIGG. Mr.TheMAJESTICROAD SHOW20THE BESX IN VAUDEVILLE:Selected Performers -20Reserved Seats at the Alamo Theatre.PRICES Lower Floor 50c; Boxes 75c; Balcony 35c; Gallery 25c. War Tax Added.ducted the public sale Saturday ofthe home place and the stock, crop,etc., of the late Mr. John Skillman,under the direction of Mrs. AnnieLayton Skillman. The sale was conducted on the premises, and waswell attended.The home place containing aboutnine acres, was- sold to Mr. GeorgeReynolds, for $10,890. Forty bar-r srels of corn in the crib brought?10.40 a barrel, and everything elsein proportion brought high prices.Chickens sold as high as $1.50 each.The A. R. C. commission toNorthern Russia provides a noonmear to pore than 2,20Kchildren inthe schools of Archangel.5SBIRTHS.-r-In Paris, to the wife ol, Mr.lArcJi McCabe, son, christened Js.Douglas McCabe.Near Little Rock, -this county,to Uie Wife of Mr. Thurman Robbins,a, aoEuichristened Thurman Robbins,Jr.. ofef.'ti.a 17 000 Red Cross nursesE(Continued from Page 1)Private J. Chester Lee, son of Mrs.J. Lee, of Pans, who has beenstationed in the service at CampMeade, Maryland, has received hisfinal discharge papers, and has returned to his home in this city.f 'bfinrmw.u. only 61 came back andtkee-WEe feturnwl simply for reet. -065.30 francs.One hundred and fifty-six Frenchorphans, victims of the war, will befed, clothed, sheltered and schooledthis year by soldiers of the SignalCorps Replacement Depot at Tour enSologne, says the "Toot-Sweet," thepaper published by the organizatibnof American soldiers at that point.The 113th Field Signal Battalion,composed of Kentucky, Indiana andOhio men, including the Signal CorpsCqmpany organized in Lexington,and of which several Paris boys aremembers, is one of the s'everal detachments at the Replacement Depot.The 113th Field Signal Battallionled the list of donors -with vl 8,312francs out of a total sum of 78,-ATTRACTION AT THE LEXINGTON OPERA HOUSE yThe Lexington Opera House presents its patrons another fine line ofattractions for this week. Yesterdaymatinee and last night the faniousCnhnxi and Harris comedy, "A Tailor-Made Mari," drew -large audiences, vFor February 3 and 4 the management announce the engagement ofThe Creatore Grand Opera Companyconducted by Guiseppe Creator inperson. The company includes acomplete orchestra of forty skilledmusicians with chorus and ballet,with celebrated artists from the Metropolitan, Chicago and Boston OperaCompanies. The seat sale opened onMonday, January 27, at the Ben AUTheatre. Prices, $1.10 to $3.30,war tax included. The company willpresent "Rigoletto'" on Mondayevening, February 3 and "Aida" onTuesday evening, February 4. Thiswill be a rare treat and one that allParis music-lovers will be glad totake advantage of.RELEASED PROM PE&Allen Kenney, colored, sentMo theFrankfort Reformatory from Bourbon county, to serve a five-year termI for forgery. Was released fromvthatinstitution Saturday on paroieg is.en-4nedy forged a number of checks' on &well-known Bourbon countyiarmer.UNLOADINGClearance Sale!Regardless of the prevailing high prices ofshoes we are compelledto unload and. put onsale our high grade ofWomen's, Men's and Children's Shoes at RecordBreaking Marked Down .Prices. Allbroken and discontinued lines at1-2 PRICEand in many instances even less.efoguJust a Few of the Hundreds of Marked Down PricesLadies' Assorted$5.00 values at...Ladies' Mahogany English or Louis HeelBoots, with cloth tops to match, o a q15.00 values, at.... p.R7Ladies' Mahogany . Tan English yf e ABoots, $6.00 values, at Hr.OULadies' Grey Boots, Louis heel, CR QCbest quality "Travers," $8.00 vfcK.vOJOLadies' Dark Grey Boots, all kid n netops. Walk-Over, $9.00 values, at.. H.OLadies' Black English or Cuban o AqHeel Boots; $4.00 values, at ty&.WBroken Sizes, J1 QCJEn.gH!h.$4.50-$4.95Men's Dark Tan$6.00 values at...Men's G. M. English Walk-Over o a jand other famous makes, $4.50 val.$3KMen's Gun Metal Lacej E. & J. eo Atlmakes, $4.00 values, at p.T&Boys' Gun Metal Lace, &.50 val- 1 7ues at $l27Don't Miss This Money,- Saving .Opportunity.Sale Now Going On.DANParis' Greatest Shoe StoreCOHENWhere Beautyand Economy, Reifns- I"ifN1'itf&1 -VlTfc r"A-sAv' nisttr.r.&f avj$i & W"Wf-V& ' , .ywVt' mm'-m-t imyjm:- - . . Pi .' " . t iTiifr- -