r 4THEWR.lfjii $& 1-,PUBLISHED EVERY TUEgDAY AND FRIY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, APRIL 22. 1919BOURBONNEWSTHE WHIPPET TANK TO BEHEBE TO-DAY.i .Paris and Bourbon county peoplewill be given an opportunity to-dayto see one of the Whippet tanks, thefamous war machines that played soimportant a part in the defeat of theGerman forces by the Allies in therecent world war.The tank will arrive here fromGeorgetown over the Georgetownpike about ten o'clock this morning.It is mounted on a large Governmenttruck, on which it is transportedfrom place to place, according to thdprogram mapped out by the LibertyLoan Committee at Cleveland, Ohio.The tank will be met at the city limits on Eighth street by a committee,headed by the Liberty Drum Corps,and will be brought down Eighthinto Main street. After a paradethrough the streets the machine willbe taken to the city rock quarry,north of the City School grounds,trhere a demonstration of one hourvill be given and the officer incharge will explain its workings tothe public. Following this the tankwill be brought to the court housesquare, for the inspection of the general public. It will then be takento Millersburg over the Maysvillepike, where it is scheduled to arriveat four o'clock. From Millersburgthe machine will be sent to Cynthiana. oTHE BIG BUG SALE.One of our departments that wetake great pride in is our Rug Department it's a dream. Our store isoften called the "Rug Store" because it has a stock of rugs thatwould fill an ordinary furniturestore. The prices are consistent,too, because we bought them right.(It) THE J. T. HINTON CO.Who paid the price before wecame to Paris? We will pay you 38cents cash for your eggs.LEON BEKAKEB & CO.,Dow Building, opp. Windsor Hotel.oWINCHESTER CITY OFFICIALSPAY PABIS VISIT.Ma.yor H. B. Scrivener and M. B.Royce. Director of the WinchesterChamber of Commerce, were in Parisyesterday, as guests of Mayor E. B.January and members of the CityCouncil. They were in the city seeking information as to the system ptcity licenses used here and e streetbuilding proposition. They were escorted over the city and gave all theinformation in the possession -of theMayor and the other authorities.?FRANK &CO:LADIES' OUTFITTERSGREATSPRING DRIVEDINNER DRESSESSUITSCOATS' DOLMANSCAPES - 'Skirts in All Shades, of theNewest MaterialsWaists in Georgette Crepe, Crepede Chene and French Voiles: - KID GLOVESNECKWEAR ,SILK HOSIERY " ,FRANK & CO.5LADIES' OUTFITTERSAutomobileiWABNING TO THE PUBLIC EROMBED CBOSS.We have received from x headquarters, Mr. F. C. Munroe, General Manager, the following telegram:"Two Syrians, Archdeacon GeorgeSimon and John Daniel, berng heldby the United States District Attorney, St. Louis, because they misrepresented their relations with RedCross in collection of funds. Pleasegather all "evidence possible fromyour main chapters of any caseswhere these men have representedthemselves as Red Cross agents insoliciting funds. Information urgent." The local Chapter of the RedCross asks that anyone who has comein contact with these two men pleasecommunicate with Mr. Jotin WillieJones, at North Middletown.WOOL WANTEDFifty thousand pounds woolwanted. Highest market pricepaid. Plenty of sacks and twineat our mule barn.CAYWOOD & McCLINTOCK.(till21may)SEED SWEET POTATOES.Best Varieties; genuine stock.BUSY- BEE CASH STORE.(ll-4t)oDANGER POINT PROTECTEDA heavy, strong fence has beenerected on the edge of the embankment overlooking Stoner Creek atthe intersection of Vine street andStoner avenue. This is a wise move,as this has long been a dangerousplace. vSome time ago an . automobileplunged down the steep incline at thefoot of Vine street, at this point, andwent over the embankment. Themachine caught or a tree growingnear the edge of the creek, arrestingits flight and saving it from a plungeinto the creek. The occupants escaped injury.oOILING THE STBEETSTwenty thousand gallons of oilfor the purpose of allaying the duston the streets of Paris, is now in thehands of the city street cleaning department, and is being spread on thestreets. The work began first onMain to Twentieth, and will be keptup until all the streets are oiled. Theoil is of a high quality, and cost thecity twenty-five per cent less than itdid a year ago.&DeliveryVICTOBY LEBEBTY IOAN ISLARGELY OVERSUBSCRIBED HEBE"Say, men," remarked a memberof the Great Lakes Naval Band atthe Opera House Sunday afternoonto two Paris newspaper men whowere taking in the proceedings fromthe wings, "this county must haveall the money in the world, the waythose subscriptions in the big thousands are rolling in." And that is anear-truth in regard to the big drivewhich might as well close now.A big impetus was really given thedrive when, at a meeting held at thecourt house Friday night-the sum of$ 33 1,500 was raised in a short time.The meeting was presided over-byMr. A. B. Hancock. County Chairman Buckner Woodford made a shortaddress, in which he explained thereal worth of the Liberty Bonds as asafe investment. Interesting addresses were delivered by Hon. E. M.Dickson, John W Jones and others,tending to work the audience up to agreat pitch of enthusiasm and prepare them for the big meeting at theOpera House on Sunday afternoon.At two o'clock, the hour set forthe Sunday afternoon meeting theOpera House was crowded from thestage to the last' seat in the gallery,the color line not being strictlydrawn in that section, either. Unable to gain admission many went tothe stage, from where they viewedthe picture, and Tistened to the NavyBand. There wasn't standing room,even, when" the meeting was calledto order by Mr. A. B. Hancock.The principal speaker of the afternoon was Hon. George F. Speer,of Frankfort, former State Senator,and State Banking Commissioner.Mr. Speer was introduced to the audience by Mr. John J. Williams. Ina well-worded and eloquently delivered address Mr. Speer told of thehorrors of war and the necessity ofthe country standing behind thePresident and the promotors of thepresent Liberty Loan. He told ofbeing in Washington on the day thedeclaration of a state of war betweenthis country r"d Germany was issuedand of the intense enthusiasm prevailing in the Capital at the time.He referred in feeling terms to thereturned soldiers for whom all mustnow entertain a wholesome respect.He made an appeal to the peoplevto.support the Liberty Loan vith -allthfr money -they could raise. Mr.Speer's address was followed by thegreat war film, "The Price of Peace,"and the band concert by the GreatLakes Navy Band, under the direction of Chief Musician Miraud Tennant. Mr. Hancock, after getting the attention of the big audience, read thelist of previous contributors tr theVictory Loan, who had made theirpledges at the Friday night meetingor privately to the members of thesoliciting committee before the drivereally began. Members of the organization, the tellers and others occupied seats on the stage. Aftermaking a few announcements Mr.Hancock stated that the work of taking subscriptions would begin andhurried through with, in order to letthe audience hear the Navy Band.Subscriptions began to be reportedfrom all parts of the house, until thetellers had all they could'do to keeptrack of the' list. They ranged anywhere from $31,000 down to ?50,and even lower. The enthusiasmmounted higher and higher and thesubscriptions cames thicker andthicker, until it became apparenteven to the most obtuse man in the.audience that the loan would belargely oversubscribed and "go overthe top" by several thousands.Even after the stage had beenturned over to the Navy Band belated subscriptions continued to bereported, and the tellers having moved their tables behind the screen,began their work of tabulating thereturns. A total of $671,000 was re-j ported as the result of the campaignifor the afternoon. This result wasat once wired to headquarters of theLiberty Loan Committee at Cleveland, Ohio, with the addenda, "Andthere is more coming from wherethis came-from." It was this seeming plenty of riches which drew forththe exclamation of ' astonishmenfrom the Navy Band musician.At the night meeting the gameprogram, was observed. Mr. T. B.Jarvis, of Cleveland, O., spoke to thecrowd. A large number of subscriptions were handed in, making thetotal of the three meeting $697,200, about $200,000 more than thequota asked of the county. Campaign officials expect to more thandouble the quota, as ,. subscriptionscontinue to be received. The camoitm will rnntinue through theweek, in accordance with the program. Subscriptions from two banksnot yet reported are expected tobring the total to approximately$900,000.It has been the policy of THENEWS in past campaigns to refrainfrom publishing the names of cqn-Ltributors and the amounts of theircontributions, unless the list wascomplete. We believe in giving theiINTEEESHNa on, notesNotice was received here by stockholders of the McCombs ProducingCompany stating that the reorganisation of the company's Winchesteroffice necessitated by the recent resignation of Secretary F. W. Davisnd the selection of his successor haddelayed the payment of March dividends, but that they are now beingmade -out and will be issued April 2.. The Co-operating Land & Develbpment Company and the BourbonOil & Development Company, haveshot well No. 3, which is estimatedto make 35 barrels. This makesten wells on the Comet farm ownedjointly by the two companies. Thesetwo companies jointly have bousrhtthe Scott Evans lease of 120 acres,Vhich is favorably located a littlenorth of the Comet, West and Roberts farms and will begin drillingsoon.The Rosebud Oil Company, composed of local capitalists, is anothernew-comer in the oil game in thisvicinity. The company has beencapitalized at $500,000, promotionshares placed on the market at tencents per share now being twentyfive cents per share.The company owns and controlsextensive holdings in good territoryand expects to do a good business inthe office and field work. The officers are: Dr. Chas. G. Daugherty,president; Harry B. Clay, vice-president;Owen L. Davis, secretary;Wallace W. Mitchell, treasurer.The Lee-Kent Oil -Company withvery valuable holdings in Lee, Owsley and Estill counties4 is selling itsstock fast at 40 cents' per share.This company has one of the mostflattering outlooks of any companythat has been organized in Kentuckylately. The company is only twoweeks old and is now selling oil.The first installment of stock wasover subscribed before the application blanks had been printed, andSaturday a big demand for Lee-Kentat 40 cents was created. This company is composed of all home people.They have an advertisement in today's NEWS worth reading.The Parboken Oil Co., with leasesin Lee, Owsley and' Estill counties ismaking great strides, and the stockis bin? scrambled for. The company is composed of the best businessmen in Bourbon county. The capital stock is $500,000. Shares ofiKV,,T-volii nf ?1 (1(1 'TTioro -will hpya.i ,ttiuv jj. v-v. ,.ww. -.no bonus stock issued in the company. A limited amount of stockwill be issued at 50 centSr per share.The management and officers of thecompany are very enthusiastic in theprospects of the big success of the organization. A half page advertisement appears in this issue of THENEWS, setting forth the good pointsof Parboken stock. It would bewell for every reader of to-day's paper to read this advertisement over.oWAIST-SEAM STYLES 'AT $35.A special showing this week ofbeautiful fabrics in this popularstyle.J. W. DAVIS & CO.o :Who paid the price hefore wecame to-Earis? -We will pay you 38cents cash for your egsrs.LEON EENAKEE & CO.,Dow Building, opp. Windsor Hotel.oNOTICE TO GAS CONSUMERS.The Central Kentucky NaturalGas Co. have notified ns that theyhave raised the prico of gas in Lexington, Winchester and Mt. Sterling to forty cents net per thousandcubic feet, and that under our contract with them we can not chargeless than they charge in these threetowns.This raise of two cents per thousand cubic feet will take effect beginning with the meter statementsfor the last of this month and youwill be billed at the slight advanceon your bills for the month of May.The new price beginning with theabove date will be forty-five centsgross and forty cents net per thousand cubic feet.Yours Respectfully,C. L. STEENBERGEN,(22-2t) Manager.o vWE EXTEND OUR THAOTS E0RTHE C0MPI3MENT."Paris. Ky., April 21, 1919."Ed. THE NEWS:"This week sees the close of localclub activities, and since the RedCross is making an effort to finishits last assignment of garments asonriv ns nossible. we will discontinueregular copy for the Woman's Activities" column. '"We are deeply appreciative of thespace given us the three years pastand for the many courtesies receivedat your hans."THE BOURBON NEWS has beena most helpful medium both in Clubjirifl "Red Cross work."Thankging you sincerely, I am,-ns. t?. SUTHERLAND,"President Bourbon Federation ofri,r, .,. publicity Chairman of Red Cross.""big . man" and the "little man"equal publicity. .Our columns beingpmWded with advertising is also another reason for not publishing the ilist. -IN THE SERVICiT OF THEIRCOUNTRY.4Ensign Harold Harris left forWashington, D. C., Sunday, afterspending his furlough in this citywith his mother, Mrs. Ernest Harris.Ensign Harris will report to theNavy Board at Washington for duty.Roy B. Smart, a yoeman in thenavy, has returned to his formerhome in Paris. He arrived in NewYork on April 1 from Constantinople, Turkey, where his ship had beenstationed with the European fleet.Before his enlistment in the serviceyoung Smart was in the employ ofthe L. & N. railroad at this point.The Barrow Hospital Unit No. 40,was formerly discharged from theservice at Camp Zachary Taylor, Saturday, where they were sent from anEastern camp after their arrivalfrom overseas. Among those who returned were Allen Ingels, RussellCaldwell and Tuck Gilmore, of Millersburg, and Alvin Thompson, ofParis. The boys were all glad to gethome, and they appreciated thewarm welcome they received fromfritnds and relatives, after theirlong absence overseas. Some of theUnit are still in service in France.Work on the demobilization ofBase Hospital Unit No. 40, familiarlyknown as the "Barrow Unit," was begun Friday at Camp Zachary Taylor, according to news reaching herefrom Louisville.A majority of the Unit will be discharged within the next few daysthough some details' necessary inthis work may delay some of the menuntil the middle of this week.Mrs. Charles D. Tackett, of Paris,received a telegram yesterday fromher son, Private Charles D. Tackett,who has been in overseas service inFrance for the past nine months.Tackett stated he had arrived safelyfrom New York at Camp Mills, NewJersey, and that he "expected to bemustered out of the service verysoon and would return to Paris. Hehad been with the railroad artillerybranch of the service in the land ofthe poillus, and had some interestingexperiences. Before enlisting in theservice Tackett was in the employ ofthe Louisville & Nashville, in thiscity, as assistant ticket agent at theTenth street passenger station."This is a small vorld after all,"writes Private Lou Greosche fromFrance to his brother, Mr. Jos. J.Grosche, in this city. "When I wasstationed at Armistead, Montana, alittle town of but sixty people, therewas an Italian barber with whom Igrew to be real chummy. He was areally likeable young fellow. I oftenC(rWE KNOW HW1Is Mere, and NaturallyYour Thoughts Turn toSPRING CLOTHESE ARE READY to show you the season'snewest styles in men's and young men'sSuits. Stein-Bloch and Michael Sterns fineWready-to-wear clothes cannot be excelled when itcomes to style, quality and workmanship.Many fancy patterns greens, tans, blacks,black and white, shepherd plaids, greys, stripes andplaids. nMany different style coats for the young fellows panel backs, close fitting coats and plainbacks. 'If you want quality and service in clothes letyour Spring Suit come from our store.Prices Range From$35.00 to $50.00MITCHELL & BLAKEMORENettleton ShoesOr. Reed's Cushion Sole ShoesManhattan ShirtsStetson HatsyREAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSThe McCarney property on Pleas- ?,ant street, advertised in THE NEWSto' be sold at public sale, Saturdayafternoon, was bid up to f 2,750, andwithdrawn.Mr. Frank Collier purchased of Mr.James Daugherty the two-storyframe residence, on Mt. Airy avennue, formerly tne home of the lateJeptha Butler, at a private price.oRUGS, WALL PAPER, CARPETS 'STYLISH FURNITURESpring is here and the house notfixed up. Is that your predicament?Let us help you out. It will be aneasy task to select just what youwant and need from our large stockof rugs, wall paper, carpets andbeautiful furniture.(It) THE J. T. HINTON CO.WOOL WANTED.Will pay highest market price.Call, get sacks and twine. Sacks furnished free.R. B. HUTCHCRAPT & CO.(22-5t)wondered what had become of him.Just a few days ago who should I runinto but my old friend from Armistead, the only person in all the wideworld I have seen since I have beenover here that I knew back in theStates. We 'had a great time goingover the old days." Mr. Grosche hasbeen in a French hospital for sevenweeks suffering from an attacs of influenza and its aftermath, but is tEOrproving. THE NEWS has received, an inter-esting letter from Earl R. King, formerly of Paris, who is in. France, asa member of the American E. F. Theletter, which was written from CampHospital No. 5, at Bordeaux, Franceris lengthy, and its publicationTrwilInecessarily be deferred until anotherissue.Alonzo Jackson, formerly of Paris, -who is a member of the 801st Pioneer .Infantry, American ExpeditionaryForce, now in France, writes his ss- ,ter, Mrs. Frankie Green, of Paris;,stating that he "is enjoying the bestof health and is so busy that he never ,has time to become discontented.Jackson is a member of Company G,of the 801st. He enclosed a clippingfrom The Stars and Stripes, published by the A. E. F., in France, sTiow-ing what the 801st has been doing.He requested its publication in THENEWS. Owing to the crowded condition of our paper, the publicationof the clipping, which is a really interesting article, will be deferred until another issue.SVWEATHEP.iht;iI$1j-t-1.-,' V.mI.-,. r,..1&.yPAGE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PABIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, APRIL 22, 11&i.ii-iiSHE BOURBON NEWSlitablished 188137 Tears of Cotinuoui Publicationfablished Ererr Tuesday and PridayPer Tear. .(2.00 6 Months.. $1.00Payable in Ad&vance.WHT CHAMP. Editor and Owner.cjpntered. at the Paris, Kentucky,jfOBujmce as jm.bju j&iioi uj. mo1 Second Class.)';' EDITORIAL MUSINGS..The Law of Supply and Demand.'After what has been done to thecountry during the past two yearsor: more, reference to "the law ofsupply and demand" seems littleheller than a sort of historical retrospect. But the industrial board,'which has been appointed for thepurpose of securing an agreementupon- prices on a reasonable basis,anil their stabilization, is evidencinga 'confidence in their ability to getaway with the job, that is admirable. The purpose of the board asstated in the official announcements,is to call industry together group bygroup, -and let them decide on pricesto, -be offered to the Nation as theGovernmentally approved judgmentof assembled industry on a pricescale low enough to be stable, homogenous throughout the whole fabric,and founded so solidly on a comprehensive review of conditions as to encourage general buying, includingthat of the railroads and other Governmental agencies, and the resumption of normal activities."The business groups of the nationsresponded wholeheartedly to thiskind of a procedure at the outbreakof the war, and the fixing of pricesfcy the Food Administration wasdone voluntairly under Mr. Hoover,pretty much in the same way thattba industrial board, working underF-retary Redfield's Department ofC -nmerce seeks to do at this time.I is carefully explained by the inkj trial board that it will not fixprices, but the Government seeks touse its influence to establish what itcalls "a stable and wholesome scaleof prices," by means of which, toquote the statement farther, the"cost of living will have so far beenreduced as to create automatically onthe price of labor without interfering with American standards ofideals for the treatment and livingconditions of labor, and thus theNOTICE!Let Us DemonstrateOurDetroit VaporOil Stoves!, We will show you the many advantages a DetroitVapor Stove has over ordinary oil stoves.Don't miss it! Come and see this wonderful oilstove. It has no wicks lights instantly workslike gaslYou will be interested in the cooking and bakingtests-to beheld in connection with the demonstration.eA. F. WHEELERCHAS. GREEN, ManagerMain and Third Sts. Opposite Court Houselast inflating element will have beenwithdrawn from prices."The statement certainly was pre-pared by optimists, ind every onewill wish them' luck" in carrying outits well-meaning intentions. "It isbelieved," continues the statement,"that industry will agree that thecost of living must be substantiallyreduced before labor should be askedto accept lower wages and thus industry should stand the first shockof readjustment."The general impressions of careful observers of the industrial situation appear to be agreed that thereis an eagerness on the part of thebusiness interests of the country tocut the throttle open, but that thehesitancy in carrying out such aprogram is due to the possibilities ofsudden price fluctuations or the uncertainty regarding wages. Therefore it is very reasonable to assumethat if the efforts of the industrialboard are successful that we maylook forward with confidence to thetime when the law of supply and demand will have returned to its placeon the pedestal of commerce and industry. oiTHE TEST OP MERIT.Paris People Are Given ConvincingProof.No better test of any article canbe made than the test of time andthis is particularly true of a kidneymedicine. Doan's Kidney Pills havestood the test and stood it well.What better proof of the merits ofthis remedy could you demand, thanthe statement of a Paris resident whoused it successfully and tells of lasting results.Read the following:Geo. McCandles, Second street,says: "My kidneys were inactiveand I had headaches. Doan's Kidney Pills put a stop to all the troubles and they gave me complete relief." (Statement given January 17,1912.)No Trouble Since.Over four years later, or on November 9, 1916, Mr. McCandles said:"I haven't had any need of a kidneyremedy since I last endorsed Doan'sKidney Pills. I consider myself permanently cured."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimuly ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. McCandles had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.(adv)oThe score stands now 29 republicsand 21 monarchies, but most of thelatter will be batted out before theseason is over.oDon't live in a town unless you areproud of the town and so live in itthat the tow-n will be proud of you.Ir r IM"" America stooc justras much in theshadow of Pxussianism when .we entered the world war as did England,France, Italy, or any one of the lesserallied nations.Had Germany won the war wewould have paid just as heavily asthey.In fact America would have bornethe lion's share of the cost.For America alone had the moneyto pay. And Germany knew it.Forty billions of dollars was theassessment scheduled against us.But even this wouldn't have beenthe worst of it. Germany had otherextortions in mind. ,She wanted raw materials for herfactories, that she might renew hergrip upon the world trade. Thiswould have meant 'our prosperitysmashed to bits.She wanted, effective restrictionsplaced upon the free use of the sealanes of the world. This would haveshattered our foreign commerce.She wanted most of all the Germanization of America. This wouldhave meant a curtailment of our liberties. A modified enslavement.And she had planned what in effect would have been a United German States of the world. This wouldhave meant German domination andAmerica a vassal nation.But America's entry into the warknocked the German ambitions intoa cocked hat. Saved America fromall this arrogant German over-lording.It will have cost us, eventually,something more than $30,000,000,000. But wasn't it worth it?And a lot of the bills are yet tobe paid. Probably half of them.On these the proceeds of the Victory-LibertyLoan will be applied.Of course you are appreciative.Value your liberty, your comforts,national prosperity, the -national aswell as your individual welfare.You can prove just how much byyour subscription.oFRENCH ARMY BAWD VETERANSAT LEXINGTON AUDITORIUMThe French Army Band Veterans,which is touring the United Statesunder the direction of the FrenchHigh Commission, has accepted aninvitation of the Lexington Board ofCommerce to play a matinee engagement in that city on the afternoon of Wednesday, April 23, at 3o'clock, at the Woodland Park Auditorium. The Veteran band that came tothis country upon the invitation ofthe War Department, has toured theUnited States, from Washington toSan Francisco, playing the largestcities only, and the arrangement toplay in Lexington w?s madeby theBoard of Commerce after two weeksnegotiations. It was timed to arrivein Lexington during the VictoryLoan campaign.One of the big features of theFourth Liberty Loan was the appearance of the French Army Band inmany Eastern States, and organization of battle-scarred veterans fromthe trenches. Vast sums of moneywas raised by their patriotic music.Now that peace has been declaredthey have been granted an extensionof leave by their government in order to make a tour of America, visiting important cities to further cement that entente cordiale feelingthat has long existed between thesister republics.Manjr musicians wear soldier'suniforms, but there is only one bandwhose members not only are veterans of the war, with medals forbravery under fire, but also musicians of the highest rank, graduatesand prize winners of the Paris Conservatory. Captain Fernand Pollain, the director, won these highest honors inantebellum days- In war time, hewas decorated for bravery, for valorwhile leading his men to battle. Andnow he brings to us this organization Qf battle-scarred men of France,to show the "entente cordiale" between France and America.Central Kentucky will hear themplay "The Star Spangled Banner"with new interpretation, feelinglyand with reverence; will hear theirsoloists, and every man. in the organization is capable of appearing asa soloist on his particular instrument, and best of all, all will catchthe spirit of patriotism that has carried France through four years tovictory, the spirit that animates theMarseillaise," worth a million mento the armies of France," as playedby the men chosen by France to perpetuate the national military musicof the war.CATARRH CANNOT BE CUREDWith local applications, as theycannot reach the seat of the disease.Catarrh is a local disease, greatly influenced by constitutional cond'tions,and in order to cure it you must takean internal remedy. Hall's CatarrhMedicine is taken internally and actsthrough the blood on the mucous surfaces of the system. Hall's CatarrhMedicine was prescribed by one ofthe best physicians in this countryfor years. It is composed of some ofthe best tonics known, combinedwith some of the bst blood purifiers.The perfect combination of the Ingredients in Hall's Catarrh Medicine Iswhat produces such wonderful results in catarrhal conditions. Sendfor testimonials, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Proprietors, Toledo, O.All druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (adv-april)oDid you ever stop and think thatwhat THE NEWS does for you isconsiderably more than what you dofor THE NEWS.Perhaps the wets will have to be isatisfied with this definition: Beeris something that was, but isn't.LIFT OFF CORNS!Freezone is mxgic! Cams lift offwith-flngers without painHurt? No, not a bit! Just dropa little Freezone on that 'touchycorn, instantly it stops aching, thenyou lift that bothersome corn rightoff. Yes, magic i Costs only a fewcents.Try Freezone! Your druggist sellsa tiny bottle, sufficient to rid yourfeet of every hard corn, soft corn,or corn between the toes, and calluses, without one particle of pain,soreness or. irritation. Freezone isthe mysterious ether discovery of aCincinnati genius.(adv)o rBut it is going to be hard for themilitant suffragist to make the decorated doughboy believe that herprison door pin matches up with hiswar cross.FOR BILIOUS TROUBLESTo promote a healthy action of theliver and correct the disorders caused by biliousness, Chamberlain'sTablets are excellent. Try them andsee how quickly they give you a relish for your food and banish thatdull and stupied feeling.(adv-april)oThe former Kaiser retains his destructive habits. Now he has takento destroying trees.LostRewardRed steer, between Paris andEwalt's Cross Roads. Notify the undersigned and receive suitable reward. W. S. HAGGARD,Cumb. Phone 948. Paris, Ky.Auto Tire Lost.Lost, between Lexington and Car- jlisle, a 34x4 Goodrich Cord AutoTire: Reward if returned toDONALD B. NEAL,n "' 346 East Main St.,(11-tf) Lexington, Ky.For SaleVacant lot on Scott avenue,50x200 feet. Very desirable forerection of home. Is in nice surroundings. DR. WM. RILEY FRANKLtN.(21-tf)Drs. Coover & WatsonVETERNARIANS,Office,. Bourbon Garage.Both Phones 347.(Successors to Dr. H. M. Hamilton )(15apr-lmo-pd)For Sale ,Two mare mules, ages 3 and 4years. Well broken and work finetogether. Apply toMISS LETITIA CLAY,Paris Ky.(8) Cumb. Phone 2 04.LOSTSomewhere between Paris and Little Rock, a Waltham watch, withinitials "L. W. C." engraved on back.Suitable reward for return to thisoffice. (11-tf)Clerks WantedGovernment clerk examinationsApril 23, May 17. Hundreds ofclerks needed, $92 month. Youngmen, 18 and over, desiring government positions, departmental, railway mail, postoffice, write for freeparticulars. J. C. Leonard, (formerCivil Service Examiner), 945 Equitable Building, Washington, D. C.(15-4t)Anything In Your Eye?Many people who come to us forexamination imagine there is someforeign substance in their eyes.It is hard to convince them, sometimes, that these gritty, sandy,scratching, irritating conditions aresymptoms and effects due to refractory errors which usually can be corrected by the wearing of properly fitted glasses. Let us take the "grit"out of your eyes.Dr. Wm. Riley FranklinSuite 205-6 First NaUo'nal Bak,Both Phones, Paris, Ky.WANTEDTo rent a furnished house beginning May 1 or June'l. Will leasefor any period agreeable to owner.(15-tf) MRS. M. C. BROWNING.Keys Found.A bunch of keys on Lexingtonpike, near W. W. Hall's. Ownermay have same by proving propertyand paying for this advertisement.(8-tf)OLD MAN HARRISEditor of the Kentucky Oil Journalof liOuisville, has made scores of hisreaders from ?100to?800on "insidetips" on oil and mining stocks tellswhat is good, buys, and wjhat is badfree to his subscribers only. Sample copy free. Map of Kentucky oilfields 16x2 inches wash drawingand a beauty free to agents whowill take subscriptions for me amongtheir friends. The Journal is 16pages, illustrated, now $2 per year,soon ?5. 411-12 Inter SouthernBuilding, Louisville, Ky.(8apr-tf-T)FOR SALE!We offer for sale privately, ourtwo-story brick residence situated on the west side of Main street,near Tenth street. The lot has afrontage of 54 feet on Main street,running back between parallel linesa distance of about 218 feet to Highstreet. The house contains about 10rooms, with basement under the entire house; is in good condition andin a fine neighborhood. Good cistern on the premises. There is asplendid building lot fronting onHigh street. .If you are looking for a good homethis is. the place that will suit you.Prospective purchasers are invitedto call and inspect the property.ELIZABETH GRANNAN,MARY GRANNAN,WM. GRANNAN.(aprl-tf)Big Auction Sale315 Acres of Fine Sumner Co.Farm, on PremisesThursday, May 1, 10:30 a. m.We are now surveying and subdividing and will offer for sale atauction, the famous farm and home of the late Judge Judd, at Gallatin,Tenn., containing 315 acres; all deep, rich, first and second bottom land, inthe highest state of cultivation, having been operated for a number ofyears exclusively as a stock and grain farm on a large scale, and ismostly seeded to blue grass, orchard and timothy, and not a waste arce onthe farm.This fine farm has a long pike frontage on both the beautiful RedRiver and Long Hollow pikes and is almost adjoining the city limits ofGallatin; one of the best school and cllege centers in the State for bothboys and girls.Improvements consist of 10-room, two-story modern brick residence,with hot and cold water, baths, light plant, big stock barns, silos, haysheds, etc., and one of the best watered farms in the State.TERMS One-forth cash, balance, one, two and three yeais.For full particulars and to be shown the farm, write or call' on Mr.Jos. H. Judd, Administrator,, on the farm, orW. W. DILLON, Agents,304 Third Ave., N. Nashville, Tenn.S. B. Bryan, Manager Farm Department.(ll-3t)'HI 1 1 H-4"H"H"H"I"i't4"H4Hfl HI 1 1 II II tlThe J, T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND EMBALMMRSMainand SixthStreets4 ParisMotor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.0 irfljjflHIMtMHHtlHfMHHHnmHflItlllHHHiLost Horse.Strayed from my home on the NewForest farm, on the Mayaville pike,a dark bay mare, with heavy maneand tail. Mark of traces on left kip.Suitable reward for her return, orfor information leading to her recovery. JOS. CAMERON,Route No. 4, Box 9, Paris, Ky.FOR SALE ATLAST!The real estate firm of Thompson & DQwns, at Taylorsvlile,Ky., have at last succeeded ingetting on their list for sale,among many others, one of the.finest farms in Kentucky, containing 350 acres 160 acres Ingrass, 115 acres in .wheat, thebest in the county and the balance has been in clover, and isnow being plowed, a great partof which has been plowed earlyThis land is in a high state ofcultivation. It has the finesthome in Nelson county, an eightroom residence, beside hall,porches, etc., all fitted up withelectric lights, water works,bath, toilet; is furnace-heated,and is modern in every respect..The place has a very fine cattlebarn with 120 individual stalls;lots of shed and loft room'; hastwo large tile silos that willhold 330 tons; one of the finestcemented graineries in theState; an eight-acre tobaccobarn, an extra good one; barnshave lights and water; threeextra good tenant houses, withall good outbuildings with each;good fencing all over the place;good orchard an plenty of goodwater. Price right. Address,THOMPSON & DOWNSReal Estate Agents,Taylorsville, Ky.(25-tf)Ky.Day phone 36NIsht : . . 56or Home 286'-;ivN itKVfTUESDAY, APRIL 22, 1919.THE BOURBOH. 3IEWS, PABIS, KEHtTTCKT?AGEgfk A Mew Way toa3 .PackagcaJustatablcspoonful of GRANDMA, the wonderful powderedsoap in the water. That takes theplace of all the chipping, slicingpnd rubbing that you do nowwhenever you wash or clean;And yovi cave Ecap. You knowjust how much to use.Isn't it eicuple? What woman wouldput up with the fuss and bother ofHftr snnn lvintr nrminr? mi A moafinMaway; when she can now have this 'marvelous pcwderea soap,Try this Powdered Soap Today!Grandma's Peidared SoapSaves TIME Saves WORK Saves SOAPYour Grocer Has It!MANY ANIMALS WENT OVER.A recent statement made by theWar Department shows that duringthe war 67,948 animals were sentacross the sea. This huge numberincluded 5,489 cavalry horses, 33,396 draft horses and 29,063 mulesof all description. Out of this greatnumber of animals only 600 were lostin transit."WfeU "Armed"!. VtUni nm:Gtl -wati BuroMGfZZ,When company comesthere is no time towaste no chances tobe taken so motherssees that there is always a can ofCALUMETBAKING POWDERon hand. Cakes, pies,doughnuts,muffins andall good things to eatmust be dressed up intheir best taste andlooks.Then, too, her reputation as a cook mustbe upheld and she"stakes" it on Calumetevery time. She knows itwill not disappoint her.Order a can and have the"company" kind of bakingsevery day.Calumet contains only suchingredients as have beenapproved officially by theU. S. Food Authorities.Ye Te ibtn ye buy it.' Ya mt vrkea jet we it.MARGARET MATZENAUER TOSING IN LEXINGTON.Margaret Matzenauer, prima-don-nacontralto, of the MetropolitanOpera Company, who is available forconcert engagements after April 15,has been booked to appear at Lexington Opera House, Friday, May 9,for one night concert. Since Lexington patrons are denied the pleasure of hearing the MetropolitanOpera Company en mass, it is fortunate that one of the most distinguished members have been procuredfor a spring engagement.When a concert series was announced last fall by Miss AnnaChandler Goff, local manager, Matzenauer was on the list, but becauseof the influenza epidemic, all engagements were cancelled except theone with Matzenauer, which will befilled May 9.The musical publications and pressgenerally are extensive in praise ofMatzenauer, and although she hasnever been heard in Kentucky, sheis not unknown and will receive acordial reception by music lovers ofCentral Kentucky.The seats will be on sale at theBen Ali ticket office, beginning May3, but mail orders are filled now.GIRLS! HAVE A MASSOF BEAUTIFUL HAIR,SOFT, GLOSSY, WAVYA Small Bottle Destroys Dandruffand Doubles Beauty ofYour Hair.mMMWithin ten minutes after an application of Danderine you can notfind a single trace of dandruff orfalling hair and your scalp will notitch, but what will please you mostwill be after a few weeks' use, whenyou see new hair, fine and downy atfirst yes but really new hairgrowing all over the scalp.A little Danderine immediatelydoubles the beauty of your hair. Nodifference how dull, faded, brittleand scraggy, just moisten a clothwith Danderine and carefully drawit through your hair, taking onesmall strand at a time. The effect isamazing your hair will be light,fluffy, and wavy, and have an appearance of abundance; an incomparable lustre, softness aad luxuriance. Get a small bottle of KnowJtoa'sDanderine from any drug aiore' ortoilet counter for a few cents andprove that your hair is as pretty andsoft as any that it has been neglected or injured by careless treatment that's all you surely canhave beautiful hair and lote of it ifyou will just try a little Danderine.(adv)Blue Grass Oil Exchange(Incorporated)Kentucky Oil Securities bought andsold at Open Call Sessions everyWednesdaySaturday .Saturday .One Sale Wednesday.8:00 p. m.4:00 p. m.8:00 p. m.TWo Sales Saturday.41 S MAIN STREETCumb. Phone 313 Next to N. KrienerHear the Strains that Fired the Spirit That Won the Marne,Verdun and the World Played by the Veterans Composing theFRENCH ARMY BANDCATAIN FERNAND POLLAIN, Director(Auspices French High Commission)Every man either wounded or decorate for valor, All soloists and master musicians. Only organization of its kind inAmerica. The band that created a great furore in New Yorkand Washington. Hear the battle songs of the Poilus and Yanks.Auditorium, Woodland Park, Lexington, Ky.Wednesday Afternoon, April 23, 3 O'clockAuspicesTHE LEXINGTON BOARD OE COMMERCE .Admission $M0, War Tax IncludedSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mrs. Robin. Hortoh has returnedfrom a visit to her grandmother, inStanford.Mrs. Wnittington Mann has returned from a visit to relatives inCincinnati.Misses Ollie and Lorine Butlerspent the week-end. in Cincinnati asguests of friends.Eld. J. E. Fenstermacher, ofCrestwood, is a guest of Mr. W. H.Heathman and family, in Clintonville. Mrs. L. H. Bryan has returnedto her home after a visit to .her parents, Dr. and Mrs. A. B. Coons, inGeorgetown.Mr. and Mrs. Orrin T. Estes andMrs. Kelley Haley have, returned totheir homes after a visit to friendsin Frankfort.Mr. J. T. Tucker, Superintendent of the Metropolitan Life Insurance Co., was a business visitor inMiddlesboro last week.Mr. and Mrs. Joseph James haveas guests at their home on, Parrishavenue Misses Clara and MargaretHighland, of Covington.Mr. and' Mrs. Henry Terrillhave as guest at their home on Fifteenth street, Mr. Terrill's mother,Mrs. Mary E. Terrill, of Orange, Va.Mrs. E. P. Claybrook, one of thecounty's most estimable women, isvery ill at the home of her daughter, Mrs. Robert Meteer, near Hutchison. Mr. Charles P. Mann, of Paris,has returned from Lee county, wherehe went on a business mission forthe Lee-Kent Oil Co., of which he issales manager.Mrs. Don Schlosser has arrivedfrom Columbus, Ohio, to spend theEaster hollidays with her mother,Mrs. Mayme Parker, and the familyof Mr. Nick Connell.Mr. and Mrs. Graham Young,newly-weds, have returned from theirbridal tour, and are now at the homeof Mr. Young's father, Mr. J. W.Young, near North Middletown.Miss Sallie Ashbrook, of Cynthiana, who has been ill for, sometime at the home of her sister, Mrs.R. B. Hutchcraft, in this city, hasrecovered sufficiently to return toher home.Mr. Walter S. Meng, of NorthMiddletown, has returned from atrip to points in Ohio. He broughtwith him a fine lot of thoroughbredDurocs he recently purchased in sections he visited.Mr. C. O. Hinton, who has beenill of rheumatism for some time, hasgone to Battle Creek, Michigan, totake a course of treatment. He wasaccompanied by Mr. James McClure,who has returned.Miss Juliet Turner, of HamiltonCollege, accompanied by her schoolmate,, Miss Una Varden, of Lexington, spent the week-end at the homeof her mother, Mrs. Edward Turner,near Paris, returning to-day.Mrs. Albert Hinton. underwent aserious operation last week in a Cincinnati hospital, performed by Dr.Ransohaff, of Cincinnati. Reportsfrom her bedside stated that she rallied nicely and was doing very well.Mrs. Joel Fesler, of Mt. Sterling,is a guest of her sister, Mrs .E. K.Thomas, in this city. At the conclusion of her visit here Mrs. Feslerwill go to Alaska to spend the summer with her niece, Mrs. G. R. Cunnigham. Mr. Jesse Napier, Louisville &Nashville conductor, with his family,have moved to Lexington to reside.Mr. and Mrs. Napier and family havebeen residents of this city for manyyears. Mr. Napier's passenger runbeing from Lexington to Cincinnati,necessitated his moving to Lexington.Dr. and Mrs. James Ware havereturned to their home in Rapidan,Va., after a visit to the former'smother, Mrs. Alice Ware, in this city.Dr. Ware formerly resided in Paris,also in Cynthiana, where he had alarge practice as veterinarian. Mrs.Ware was formerly Miss Craig, ofCynthiana.Mr. B. F. Judy and EdwardTood, have returned from a trip tothe oil fields of Texas and Oklahoma.They were all well pleased with whatthey saw there. Mr. and Mrs. J.Hedges Rash, who went with themon the trip, stopped over, in KansasCity and other places to visit relatives. They returned home yesterday. Mrs. Frank Farmer, of Harriman, Tenn., who has been a guest ofher parents, Mr. akd Mrs. Jas. W.Earlywine, in Paris, for some time,underwent a serious operation lastweek at the Mayo Bros.' Hospital, inRochester, Minn., for an ear affiection. A message stated that theprospects were good for an early recovery. Mr. Farmer is with her.Mr. Percy Reid, formerly ofParis, who has been with the Mason& Hanger Co., engaged in big dockconstruction work at Charleston, S.C, for the past ten months, has returned to Richmond. He has accepted a position "as Balesman withthe Richmond Motor Car Co., andwill naive the counties of Madisonand Garrard as his. working territory. Mrs. Reid, who was formerlyMiss Effie Paton, of Paris, returnedwith him, and has been a guest ofher mother, Mrs. Mary A. Paton, andher brother, County Clerk PearcePaton, in this city.Mr. George Aldjidge, of nearParis, entertained with a play partyWednesday evining in honor of hiscousin. Miss Anna Bell Aldridge. Theguests were as follows: Misses Mat-tie Carnenter. Louetta Parker. NancyMedlin, Elizabeth Johnson, GladysJohnson. Carolyn Huffaker, LydaHuffafcer, Ida Sewell, Carrie Johnson, Grace Sewell, Cynthia Mann,Mattie Hill: Messrs. Vernon Johnson, Raymond Parker, Clay Burns,HallieHudnall, Bruce Henry, JohnAldridge, James Shoemate, WilliamSewell, Albert Angler, James Mc-Bride, Otis Johnson, Harvey Aldrige, John Hill and Priest Henry.(Other Personals on Page 5)LOCAL DRUGGISTAWARDED AI1GYVarden & Son Secure Sale RightsFor Trutona in Paris.Trutona, the perfect tonic, thathas now become widely popular inLouisville and other cities of theState, now is on sale in the drugstore of Varden & Son.The unprecedented success ofTrutona is due entirely to its efficiency. Scores of Kentuckians aredaily testifying to the beneficial results they have obtained from itsuse. What better proof of a medicine's merit could be desired.Trutona is a tonic of the highestdegree, exciting the appetite andinvigorating the digestion. It ishighly recommended for the treatment of dyspepsia, stomach trouble,liver and kidney troubles, and catarrhal affections. Its action on theliver is almost instantaneous, exciting that most important organwhen languid and resolving itstorpor and chronic engorgement.Trutona acts directly on the mucus membranes, producing a sharplystimulative effect and leaving apleasant tonic condition. It is a veryvaluable agency in all catarrhal affections, including those of the alimentary tract, head and nose. Trutona is a prompt, efficient and absolutely safe laxative. It is astrength builder unsurpassed by anypreparation. Its use is recommendedby run-down and weakened men andwomen who are recovering from theserious after-effects of pneumonia,influenza and deep colds.Trutona is now being introducedand explained in Paris by G. S. Varden & Son.(adv)oEmperor Charles says that henever "renounced" the Austrianthrone. This is probably true. Fromall accounts both Kaiser Bill and heleft in a great hurry.B0 Y0TT SLEEP .WELL?To be at his best a man must havesound, refreshing sleep. When wakeful and restless at night he is in nocondition for work or business duringthe day. Wakefulness is often causedby indigestion and constipation, andis quickly relieved by Chamberlain'sTablets. Try a dose of these tabletsand see how much better you feelwith a clear head and good digestfon.(adv-april)To Look Your Best in theEvening, :UaeMARINELLOPhantom PowderIt is not only best forevenmg dbe.but of grdat value for protecting skinbefore exposure to the sun and wind.Applied with sponge, it forms a harmless coating that cannot be detected.Used and recommended by morethan 3500 Beauty Shops. SampttFr.A M. A. PATON.ir , 11LNTEKUKBAN SCHEDULECARS LEAVELexington For Paris TorParis LexingtonA. M. 6.00x A. M. 6:45A. M. 7:20 A. M. 7:15xA. M. 8:50 A. M. 8:15A. M. 10:20 A. M. 9:45A. M. 11.50 A. M.' 11:15P. M. 1:20 P. M. 12:45P. M. 2:50 P. M. 2:15P. M. 4:20 P. M. 3:45P. M. 6:00 P. M. 5:15P. M. 7:20 P. M. 6:50P. M. 9:10 P. M. 8:15P. M. 11:00 P. M. 10:05(x) Daily except Sunday.KENTUCKY TRACTION AND TERMINAL COMPANYFor Influenza!' For, influenza and after effects,,use K. IT. Tablets. They build up"your nerves and stomach; ria tnesystem of all aches, pains and tiredfeelings. They restore vigor andvim. They are fine for headachearid rheumatism. The contents of K.U. Tablets .are used by all of the bestphysicians of the country.Don't be without them in yourhcpne. Once tried they are alwaysused. They are ,put up In 10c and25c boxes and are for sale by alldruggists and groceries.Distributed by theK. U. CHEMICAL CO..568 McClelland Building,7feb-3inos) Lexington, Ky.Wolf, Wile & Go.LEXINGTON, KENTUCKYGirls' ApparelFor FestiveOccasionsOne must not lose sight of the fact that young misswill also share in the festivities which will hold forthduring the ' 'Little Season . ' 'There will be parties, the matinees, or perhaps shewill resume her dancing lessons. Our Junior departmentalways criterions of fashion have assembled forthe young girl, 6 to 16 years of age, a collection of apparel for every occasion. ,Youthful apparel, especially designed with due regard for becomingness, simplicity and refinement so important in correct attire for the young girl.Crepe de Chine FrocksGeorgette FrocksNetFrocksCapesMillineryUnderwearTaffeta Silk FrocksFlowered Chiffon FrocksOrgandie Frocksand accessories.CoatsSweatersHosieryWolf, Wile & Co.LEXINGTON, KENTUCKYHere's the big work, littlecost tractor the Titan fTHE Titan 10-20 has been on the market foryears, and 'has made good without reservation.I 10 horsepower at the draw bar 20 horsepowerfatthebelt -A well-balanced tractor that is suited to all farm 1power work. It drives easily, affords mA-.rimnm puB .ing power for its weight, and is suited in every way to ithe general run of farm work. Not too large for the !small farm, yet large enough to handle a great yolumfe II of work. "??ifJ. XL-TZyr ?-cU-Use it with an Oliver Plowi I 'We recommend that you use an Oliver plow withyour Titan tractor because it means the best plowing.under aH conditions. The combined rolling coulterand jointer buries all trash and weeds at the bottomof the furrow; the stop device maintains an even depthof furrow; the plow points enter and leave the groundfirst, making it possible to plow clear to the ends of thefield; and the trip rope control operates easily fromthe driver's seat on the tractor.We have a full line of Oliver plows as well as the.Titan tractor here at our salesroom.C. S. BALL GARAGEV AQuality Printing!Absolute Satisfaction is one of theRequisites of The News Job PrintkisrDepartment. A Trial Order Solicited!A-''1 ! IVPAGE POUBTHE BOTOBON NEWS, EAEIS, KEKTCTCKZTUESDAY, APRIL 22, 191ff.mtmamJmmmMmimMmtmmttimtfStfmMamnMASTER'S SALEOPTwo Double Houses.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Alma T. Adkir, Etc Plaintiffs) Vs.Albert C. Adair, Etc. .. .DefendantsUnder and by virtue of a judgmentand order of sale rendered at theMarch term, 1919, in the abovestyled action therein pending, theundersigned Master Commissioner,,onSATUEDAY, MAY 3, 1919.at about the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.,at the front door of the Court House,in Paris, Kentucky, will sell at publicauction to the highest and best bidder, the following described property: Two double frame houses locatedon the corner of Fifteenth Street, inthe City of Paris, Kentucky, and described by metes and bounds, as follows: 1. Beginning on 15th Street, corner to Lot No. 1, in Ingles Divisionto the city of Paris, Ky., west ofHigh. Street 50 feet from High streetand running thence with High Street50 feet to Lot No. 3, in said Division;thence parallel to High Street 150feet to an alley; thence parallel with15th. Street to an alley; 7890,yNzbn15th Street 50 feet to Lot No 1 insaid division; thence in a line parallel to High Street 150 feet to thebeginning, being Lot No. 2 in saidAddition west of High Street.2. Beginning on the South side of15th Street and corner to High Streetextended and being Lot. No. 1 western division of Ingels Addition tothe City of Paris; thence in a westerly direction and with 15 th Street50 feet to the lot heretofore conveyed by Ingles to Stamler and by Stamler to the second party; thence withthe line of. second party in a southerly direction 150 feet to an alley,corner to second party; thence in aneasterly direction and with said alley50 "feet to High Street extended;thence in a northerly direction andwith said High Street extended 150feet to the beginning.Said sale will be made upon thecredits of six and twelve months, thepurchaser or purchasers being required to execute their two bonds forequal parts of the purchase pricethereof, with good surety to be approved by the Commissioner, due sixand twelve months from date of salerespectively, and bearing interest atthe rate of six per cent, per annumfrom date of sale until paid, andhaving the force and effect of judgments.O. T. HINTON,WOMEN'S ACTIVITIES.At the Hed Cross Sewing Rooms.Tuesday Catholic Church.Wednesday Miss Tipton's BibleClass.Thursday Paris Literay Club.The Progressive Culture Club setaside the last program of the year,April 17, and were most delightfullyentertained by Ensign Harold Harrisand Lieut. Lucien Arnsparger.Club Calendar.North Middletown "Woman's Club,April 25.Kentucky Cities, Health Resortsand Natural Wonders Mrs. MagnusRash.Famous Country Estates Mrs. J.I. Talbott.Kentucky Toasts Mrs. AllieDickson.Millersburg Twentieth CenturyClub, April 26.Roll Call Noted Kentuckians ofto-day.Current Opinion April.Lecture Mrs. Ball.Art Miss Mclntyre., Religion and Social Ethics- Mrs.Shannon.The Industrial World Mrs. Poole.Hostess Mrs. Smith.The club anticipates also a verydelightful period in a book review,to be given by Mrs. Brinch Meinertz.Mrs. Meinertz, one of the most valuable and interested members of theParis Progressive Culture Club, willgive "The Threshold," a story of Indiana settling.oLINOLEUMS, CARPETS AND RUGSMost beautiful showing this springin linoleums, carpets and rugs.Don't buy without first seeing usand getting our prices we save youmoney.(It) THE J. T. HINTON CO.B-4 PI REInsure withW.O. HINTON &SON,AgtsFALSE FERE ALARMAn alarm from Box 33, at thecorner of Main and Fifteenth streets,Sunday night, called the fire department out for a hurried run. No firewas found in the vicinity, andanother "false alarm" was registered on the department's books.oFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanWho paid the price before wecame to Paris? We will pay you 38Master Commissioner of the Bourbon J cents cash for your eggs.Circuit Court.22-td)LEON EENAKER & CO.,Dow Building, opp. Windsor Hotel.I). OF C. MEETING.At the regular monthly meetingof the Richard Hawes Chapter,Daughters of Confederacy, held inConfederate room in the court houseSaturday, Mrs. C. C. Leer and Mrs.-Harry H. Hancock, who were, delegates from the Chapter to the recentState meeting held in. Louisville,addressed the members, telling of themeeting. Business of importancewas transacted, after which the members held a social session.The delegates paid a visit to theConfederate Home at Pewee Valley,where they were entertained asas guests of the veterans from Bourbon county. The Home now has anenrollment of eighty-one Confederatesoldiers.oWHAT-DA-YA-MEAN, STYLE?Here's one answer a room decorated with those "spankin" new patterns of wall paper being shown byus. Come in and look them over.(It) THE J. T. HINTON CO.Home WantedGood home wanted for white boy,"eleven years old, bright and industrious, with good morals. Apply toMRS. HARRIET MINAKER,(It) Visiting Nurse.Lost PonyFrom my home on Stoner avenue,Sunday night, a small -sorrel pony.Finder return to Lusk & Shea'sgrocery.(It) ROBT. LUSK.A Beautiful HomeThe Eight Kind of Wall PaperBeautifies the HomeWE HAVE ITYOU WANT ITOur racks are groaning under theirload of the latest and most "beautifuldesigns of Wall Paper ever offered tothe consumer.COME IN AM) LOOK.Be convinced that quality and workmanship are unsurpassed, andLAST BUT NOT LEAST,THE PRICE IS EIGHT!The Fair Store.Lee-Kent Oil CoIncorporatedCapital Stock $500,000WM. R. BLAKEMORE, PresidentBLAIR A. VARDEN, SecretaryC. P. MANN, Salts Manager :DR. J. M. WILLIAMS, Vict PresidentEDWARD F. SP&ARS, 2nd Vict Pres.W. C BELL, TreasurerANNOUNCESTo the stockholders and friends ofthe purchase of 114 1-2 acres ofleases in Knox County, Texas, closeto a drilling well now due in.Three good wells brought in on theMillie Freeman tract Friday. Wehave royalty interest in these wells. 'Limited amount of Treasury Stockoffered atPer ShareBuy now before the advance in price.-Remember .the name 'LEE-KENTjigagJTssM;nmrj-grTHEMENOIL COMPANY(INCORPORATED)Paris, KentuckyJAMES CALDWELLPresidentCLARENCE K, THOMASTreasurerCAPT. WM.DR. J. M. WILLIAMS .Vice PresidentOSCAR T. HINTONSecretaryCOLLINSField ManagerTO THE PUBLICTHE PARBOKEN OIL COMPANY comes before thepublic with an offer that the board of directors considers theBEST THAT ANY NEW COMPANY HAS TO OFFER.The PRIMARY object of the officers of this company is tomake the stock of the PARBOKEN OIL COMPANY a DIVIDEND PAYING proposition as SOON AS POSSIBLE.In order to do this, the PARBOKEN HAS ALREADY SECURED LEASES THAT ARE NOW PRODUCING APPROXIMATELY 100 BARRELS OF QIL PER DAY in Lee and Estill, counties. This oil is being PUMPED INTO THE PIPE LINESand SOLD, thus creating an ACTUAL REVENUE for Parbokenin its infancy.PARBOKEN has EIGHT LOCATIONS to be drilled in immediately offsetting wells producing from 10 TO 100 BARRELSPER DAY.PARBOKEN has one well now drilling that is expected to bea good producer, as it is offset by a 75-barrel well.PARBOKEN has 945 ACRES of leases in the section ofOwsley county predicted by oil men to be the BEST FIELD INKENTUCKY. This acreage consists of 50 to 150 acre tractsscattered over the entire section now being drilled.PARBOKEN OWNS all neccessary operating equipment onproducing leases and one complete drilling outfit.PARBOKEN has NOTstock.one share of bonus or promotionPARBOKEN will cpnduct its affairs on the ' HIGHESTPRINCIPLES by men of. experience and ability.PARBOKEN is NOT a stock selling scheme.A limited amount of PARBOKEN will be sold for50c PER SHAREPar Value $1.JOThis money is to be used for derelopment purposes. Theprice will advance as development progresses. You may leaveyour subscription with Miv Clarence Thomas, Treasurer, at thePeoples-Deposit Bank & Trust Co., or with any director or authlzed agent. . f ,,; .or-We do conscientiously recommend PARBiQKJ$N as a good oil stqck hay; ,.James CaldwellRoy F. ClendeninJohn WoodfordDr. J. NL WilliamsSam HardingWoodford BucknerOstar T. HintonDIRECTORSE. T. HintonA. B. HancockEdsell Clark1ftwBttBI:gjEtfrgJHSjglgWglCTltW.' jt.jrxfz."TUESDAY. APRIL' 22, 1915.THE BOTJBBOH HEWS, PAKE, EESnrcrtPAGE 3IY1ttct .i iS!Vrtfodtceoveaceoftailed Ime'IadYamvWpairfall,givethei i$1,7notTuftvrheifoun.cf $3 !TeI"olTsubandKTl$26STceivgres'censliion,educensvliiclastInentr "uJfL-jfW&ixFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEWOOL WANTEDWill pay highest marketprice. Sacks furnished free.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(aprl8-tf) vWE WANT YOUR EGGS CASH ORTRADE BRING 'EM IN.Highest cashBring us your egss.or trade price.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.oBLUE SERGE SUITS AT $35Of fast color serge in'this season'smodels of excellent tailoring.J. W. DAVIS & CO.oNEW AUTO OWNERSThe Kinkead-Wilson Motor Co., ofLexington, has sold and deliveredMaxwell touring cars to Innis Jordanand S. T. Johnson, of this county.Mr. John Wright, of near Paris, haspurchased a new Franklin touringcar from the Franklin Motor Car Co.,of Lexington.PIE SUPPER.The pupils of the Stony Pointschool, of which Miss Ada Bivin isteacher, will give a pie supper in theschool building to-morrow (Wednesday) night, April 23. The proceedsof the supper will be used for thebenefit of the school. Everybodycordially invited.o"FANS" TO ATTEND OPENING OFBALL SEASON.With the advent of good weatherthe eyes of the baseball "fans" arenow turned toward the green diamond and the home of the bat andball, after spending the winter indigesting the dope from the sportingpages of the daily papers.The season will open in Cincinnatiat League Park to-morrow with thegame between the Cincinnati Redsand the St. Louis team. CentralKentucky will send a large delegation to attend the opening. Amongthose who will jostle the tickettaker at the gate to-morrow will bethe following from Paris: Dr. W.C. Ussery, Chief of Police Fred Link,Circuit Clerk Will H. Webb, John J.McCarthy, W. V. Shaw and CoronerRudolph Davis,COTTONSEED MEAL.60Swift's Digester TankageProtein for Hogs.Swift's High Grade Fertilizer forTobacco.8-tf ) CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.oINSURANCE.Fire, Tornado, Lightning,Automobile and Hal!.YERKES & PEED.(janl4-tf)PROMINENT PARIS MAN MEETSWITH ACCIDENT.Mr. L. D. Harris, aged sixty-two,senior member of the real estate firmof Harris & Speakes, of Paris, metwith an unfortunate accident Sundayafternoon, in which he sustained acompound fracture of the bones ofhis right leg just above the ankle.Mr. Harris, finding the big building crowded to the doors, went tothe stage entrance, as did manyothers, and, in making his wayalong the stage in the dark, made amisstep, and fell down the stairsleading from the stage to the basement, a distance of probably twentyfeet. His groans attracted the attention of several who were standingnear. Mr. Harris was carried to thestage where an examination revealeda fracture of the right leg. He wasremoved to his home on Walker avenueAvhere the injured member wasgiven medical attention.oWOOL WANTED.We pay market price for yourwool. Sacks ready. We receivewool at both our North Middletown and Paris warehouses.CLARKE & YOUNG.(apr22-tf). oMONEY RIGHT IN YOUR HANDFOR EGGS, POULTRYAND JUNK.Highest cash price for eggs,poultry, hides and junk.' MUNICH & WIDES CO.,(11-tf) Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.oFROST VISITSiTHIS SECTION SATURDAY MORNING.Early risers Saturday morning hadvisions of the returning' days ofearly spring when they saw the topsof houses covered -with, a deposit offrost. It is not thought any seriousdamage was done to fruit by thefrost, as the season and the buds arewell .advanced.Mr. H. F. Hillenmyer, the Lexington nurserynian and horticulturist,expressed the opinion- that the fruitwas safe. "If the fruit escapes therecent cold spell and the recentfrosts I am sure that no "harm willhave- been done. We have a finerprospect for large quantities of goodfruit -than we have had for severalyears. This is not 'blackberry winter as that comes when the vinesare blooming, but it may be called'dogwood winter. "Only on two occasions since he hasbeen observing the weather conditions has fruit been killed In mid-April-April 15-16, 1875, when therewas a disastrous frost, and April15-18, 1832, when it froze after being fully headed out. All trees areheavily laden with blossoms now,andji frtezing. temperature.- wouldSOCIAL Aim PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.SOCIALCALENDARWEEK.FOR THETuesday.Mrs. William Stucky's luncheonbridge party in honor of Miss MarthaFerguson, at her home in Lexington.Mrs. Brinch Meinertz will give anafternoon tea at her home in thecountry.Wednesday.Mrs. Henry Herndon will give aluncheon-bridge party for Miss Martha Ferguson, at her home in Georgetown. Thursday.Miss Caroline Roseberry and Mrs.Hiram Montgomery Roseberry willgive a bridge party for Miss MarthaFerguson at the home of Miss Roseberry in the country.Mrs. W. G. McClintock will give abridge party at her home an Pleasant streetPriday.Mrs. W. G. McClintock will entertain with a reception from 3 to 4o'clock at her home on Pleasantstreet.Miss Martha Ferguson will beguest of honor at a luncheon-bridgeparty given by Mrs. Robert Ferguson at her home in the country.Sunday.Miss Elizabeth Steele will give amotor party and picnic supper toShakertown in honor of Miss MarthaFerguson.Monday.The Cotillon Club dance at Masonic Temple in the evening in honorof Miss Martha Ferguson.FERGUSONMcKINLAY WEDDING.The marriage of Miss Martha HumeFerguson and Dr. Charles Miles McKinlay will be solemnized on theevening of April the 30th, at Arcadia, the handsome country home ofthe bride's parents, Mr. and Mrs. V.W. Ferguson, on the Georgetownroad. It will be a very beautifulwedding, with bridesmaids andgroomsmen, and the following invitations have been issued to the relatives and intimate friends of thecontracting parties:Mr. and Mrs. Volney Wheat Fergusoninvite you to be presentat the marriage of their daughterMartha, HumetoDr. ''Charles Miles McKinlayWednesday evening, April thirteenthNineteen hundred and nineteenat eight o'clockArcadia, Paris,. KentuckyAt Home, June fifteenthLeonia, N. J.fnvtBi onrcttf- 1oetrntiAn Yta. coi1MRS. PRICHARD ENTERTAINSMrs. E. F. Prichard complimentedMiss Martha Ferguson with a luncheon-bridgeparty Friday, at her nomeon East Seventh street.The attractive bungalow was prettily 'decorated in spring flowers anda delicious luncheon was served tofive tables of players. Mrs. HenryPower, Mrs. Rudolph Davis, Mrs. J.T. Brown and Miss Janie Marshassisted the host in entertaining.The following guests were present:Misses Martha Ferguson, ElizabethSteele, Elizabeth Jasper, CharlinaBall, Belle Horton, Margaret Ferguson. Caroline Roseberry; MesdamesJames Dodge, Virgil Gaitskill, Raymond McMillan, John Davis, WhiteVarden, John Stuart, O. T. Hinton,Edward Spears, C. A. Daugherty, Jr.,Fay Ardery, William Ardery, idneyArdery, Catherine Davis Craig, J. "S.Dalby, Brinch Meinertz, StanhopeWiedemann and M. C. Browning.Mr. Charlton Clay was theguest of Mr. and Mrs. Sam Wolridge,of Versailles, Sunday.Miss -Mary Foster, of Covington,will arrive -the last of the week for avisit to Miss Elizabeth Steele.Miss Caroline Roseberry has returned from Danville, where she wasthe guest of friends for the week-end.Mrs. William Clark, of Cincinnati, and Mrs. Miles Gunn, of Louisville, are guests of Mr. and Mrs.Henry Judy.0. -T. Hinton and N. B. Moss,were in Louisville several days lastweek in the interest of the ParbokenOil Company, of Paris.Mr. Z. L. Wilcox, Secretary ofthe Bourbon County Y. M. C. A., attended a meeting of the Y. M. C. A.workers in Louisville, last week.rMrs. Jesse R. Letton and daughters, of near Paris, who have justreturned from a winter's stay inTampa, Florida, are visiting Mrs. F.A. McCormick, in Mt. Sterling.Mr. A. J. Carroll, of Louisville,was a visitor in Paris recently in theinterest of his brother, Judge JohnD. Carroll, who is a candidate forthe Democratic nomination for Governor. Stanford Interior-Journal: -"Mrs.Robin Adair Horton and "handsomelittle son,, Peyton Horton, who havebeen the guests of her grandmother,Mrs. Parmelia Brown, returned totheir home at Paris."Mr. John Lytle, who has been aguest of his perents, Mr. and Mrs.O. G. Lytle, has gone to Louisville,where he will remain for some time.Mr. Lytle received his dischargefrom' the army service in January,and spent several weeks , afterwardsin Detroit and other cities, beforecoming to Paris for a visit.Another event of delight and recreation for society, which means allthe people of Central Kentucky, .isthe spring face meeting, which willbegin at Lexington on next Thursday, May 1, to continue thirteendays. There are to be many visitors,the most attractive box parties theraces have known for years, and entertainments in the club house morethan usual. tAmong those who -willoccupy boxes at the meeting are Mr.and Mrs. A. B. Hancock, Mr. andMrs. James H. Thompson and Mr.and Mrs. Catesby Woodford. Therace's will, be the daily Mecca forhundreds of Paris and Bourboncounty people.Miss Amy Graham and Mrs.True, of Paris, were recent guests ofMrs. Granville Graham, in Lexington. Miss Bessie Mastin is a patientat the Massie Memorial Hospital,where she has been several days under treatment.Mrs. Albert Hinton, who is under treatment in a Cincinnati hospital, was reported yesterday as being greatly improved.Mrs. Chas. P. Cook, accompanied by Mr. Cook, went to" Louisvilleyesterday, where Mrs. Cook will undergo treatment in a hospital.Miss Sue Boardman has returnedto her work at the University ofKentucky after spending the weekend at Little Rock as a guest of herparents.Mrs. Wayne Lafferty was reported as resting nicely last nightafter having undergone an operationat the Massie Hospital yesterdaymorning.Mr. J. J. Veatch, District Manager of the Central Home Telephone &Telegraph Company, is in Frankfortand, Louisville this week on businessfor the Company.Miss Patsey Clark, of Paris, hasbeen secured by the Little RockGraded School to teach music andexpression in the school for the remaining two months of the schoolterm.Mrs. Brinch Meinertz will behostess at her home near Paris thisafternoon. The following invitations have been issued: "Mrs. BrinchMeinertz At Home Tuesday Afternoon, the twenty-second of April.Please Reply."Misses Maude Taylor, of thefaculty of the Falmouth High School,and Madge Taylor, of Kentucky Female College, Midway, spent theweek-end with their father, Mr. J. E.Taylor, in East Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Jack Owsley andMr. Rankin Mastin were in Covington, Sunday, as guests of Mr. andMrs. W. J. Huffman and family.Mr. Ralph Huffman, who has been inthe U. S. service for several years,is expected home to-morrow.Mr. Ben Buckner, manager ofthe Xalapa Stock Farm gave a sixo'clock dinner Friday evening to aparty of friends. Among the out-of-townguests were Mr. and Mrs. HarryG. Huffman, Mrs. Pattie JohnsonRiley and Miss Clara E, Nelson, ofMt. Sterling.Miss Nannie Louise Best, recently of Millersburg, has been secured by the management of SayreCollege, at Lexington, at Director ofMusic for the year 1919-1920. MissBest formerly taught large classes inmusic at Millersburg, Winchesterand Cynthiana. She is at present atGalloway College, in Arkansas.Mr. Theodore O. Holliday, ofFreeport Ohio, a brother of the lateMr. John W. Holliday, of Paris, is aguest of his nieces, Misses Carrieand Emily Holliday, of Eighth street,and Mrs. George Judy, of Twelfthstreet. Mr. Holliday has beenspending the winter at St. Cloud,Florida, where he owns a big orangegrove, and is en route to his home inFrankfort.Miss Martha Ferguson, brideelect, was the honor guest at a cardparty given Friday afternoon by Mrs.Edward Prichard, at her home onEast Seventh street. There wereseven tables of bridge. The homewas beautifully decorated with clusters of Spring flowers. The guestprize for Miss Ferguson was a daintyboudoir cap. The prize for the highest score was won by Miss CarolynRoseberry. A delicious lunch of substantiate was served, and the gueststhoroughly enjoyed the afternoon.Cynthiana Log Cabin: "Mr.Alex Kimbrough returned to Parisyesterday after a week's visit to hisnephew, Mr. D. R. Kimbrough andfamily .... Mrs. Lizzie Walker hasreturned to her home in Paris aftera visit to Mrs. J. W. Larkin .... Mrs.W. A. Penn went to Paris, Wednesday for several days' stay with herdaughter, Mrs. Jas. Reynolds, who isthere under the care of a physician..... Mrs. John Lee and daughter,Ruth, of Paris, were guests of herparents, Mr. and Mrs. L. H. Dills ....Mrs. W. E. Ellis, of Paris, was herelast week for a short stay."(Other Personal on Page 3.)'eIsWWlliniryWhen you see the wonderful variety of smart shapes and trimmings you will be sure towant one of our new Easter Hats. Lovely straw and rough braids in all the suit shades,with trimmings of ostrich, ribbon or flowers$5.00 to $1 5.00THE FAIRSpecial SaleSweaters, Underskirts, Lingerie,Millinery, Blouses.Vestees, Beaded Bags, Hosiery,Handkerchiefs, Neckwear.Capes and DolmansTee Spring Wraps that have gained such popularity are here in all their charm Serge ,tricotine and broadcloth, reasonably priced$15.00 to $100.00SuitsLJi Box Boats, Russian Bluses, semi-fitting models in the mo3t favored, fashionable materialsllj These suits are well cut and well tailored and we take pride in offering them to our cusllll tomers at such low pricesi '$25.00 to $75.00For Misses and Juniors, in Georgette, Crepede Chine and Taffeta.SKIRTSSee our beautiful skirts of Pussy Willow,Georgette and Fantasy.:: Georgette, Crepe de Chine and Voile Blouses of superior quality and design are priced from$5.00 to $15.00HARRY SIMON224-228 West: Main St., Lexington, Ky;Main Street, Paris, Ky.fliiMsMn.-yyHouse Cleaning Specials and HouseFurnishings For Friday and Sat'.' .urday See What You Save- . Heavy .Carpet Beaters, 15c; Feather Dusters, regular 44c, now at aspecial, 29c; Floor Brooms, 59c; Cotton Mops; Galvanized Buckets, 10quart size, 29c; Cedar Oil, 49c size,29c; Step Ladders; 75-foot ClothesLines; Clothes Pins, 2 dozen for 5c;Flower Seeds; Garden Rakes; Spade$jid.-Hoe, large size for -children,each 8 cents; Fine Sheet Steel MailBoxes, each 17c; Garbage -Cans;Sprinkling Wash 'Tubs; Foot Tubs;Water Coolers; Solid Blue, SolidWhite China and Japaned Slop Pails,all at a big saving; Aluminum Tea.Kettles; Dish Pans; Percolators, all,"at reduced prices; Congoleum Rugs,18x36, each 19c; all sizes MattingRugs, 9x12; Linoleums in remnants;Carpet Paper, 25-yard rolls, at 50croll.THE FAIRSTOCKSAND LEASESBOUGHT and SOLD-.Unexcelled FacilitiesFor HandlingYour OrdersvBLUE GRASS OIL EXCHANGErTTrmt(Incorporated)JOHN M. STUART, Manager418 Main Street1 PARIS, KY.Farmers Bank BullingCARLISLE, KY. ,K,.- .rKLT" -TUESDAY, APRIL 22, 1919.PAGE SIXTHE BOTOBOH 3JEWS, PAEIS, KENTUCKYiriIits1N!iiLi..-M-JJ..Iut..LAlHHmA!HlilllMTwin Bros.Department StoreMain and 7th Paris, Ky.SPECIALTHIS WEEK !BUNGALOW iAPRONSBAT98cA $1.50 Value.Just 6 Dozen at This Price.fwlend e y mM,,-,e.imBRIGHTER-JC,YlVIIttVrSNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.useGlee trie ityfor ngfctindIt's the only satisfactory way.Tor Reating and CookingIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix You UpFer the Use of BothElectricity and Gas.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)i 0Aetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFire; TheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityAnd OtherCasualtiesfA. J. FEEAGENTF'Wilmoth'sFreshH'Home' Baked Breads,Cakes, Pies, Etc.Daily;, FreshMeats,Roasts,Steaks,Chops, Fancy Goods.FamousCoffees and TeasWILMOTHGrocery C.Phone 376hi iciiLi LOCAL OPHOEES OP VICTORYLIBERTY LOAN DRIVEBuckner Woodford, County Chairman. A. B. Hancock, Vice President.John F. Davis, Secretary.Rudolph Davis, Publicity SecretaryJohn J. Williams, Chairman ofSpeakers.C. F. Sprake, Films Chairman.' Paris Precinct, No. 1.F. P. Lowry, Chairman.Jno. Yerkes,Thos. Kiser,Chas. Stephens, .Harry Kerslake,C. N. Fithian,F. M. Clay,Jno. F. Davis.Paris Precinct Ne. 2.E. H. Gorey, Chairman.B. M. Renick,Jas. McClure,W. H. Whitley,Edward Prichard,Jno. J. Williams,Rudolph Davis, iW. G. McClintock,H. A. Power,Jno. Christman, -W. W. Mitchell,J. Hal Woodford,Jas. Connell,W. V. Shaw.Paris Precinct No. 3.D. C. Parrish, Chairman.F. P. Kiser,Pearce Paton,Denis Dundon,G. W. Stuart,E. T. Rule,W. O. Hinton,J. O. Marshall,Ed. Burke,Frank Skillman,Douglas Thomas, Jr.,J. S. Wilson,Elmer Myers.Paris Precinct No. 4.Geo. W. Wilder, Chairman.J. J. Grosche,Eugene De Bruyn,R. D. Smith,C. P. Cook,F. J. Savage,William Myall,Walter Clarke,S. K. Nichols,J H. Hibler,Withers Davis,William Bryan, 'Ed. Burris,Chas. Green.Paris Precinct No. 5.M. J. Lavin, Chairman.L. D. Harris,H. L. Baldwin,Jno. F. McCarthy,J. E. Craven.L. M. Vanhook,A. "B. Lovell,F. P. White,Geo. Doyle,Peale Collier,E. B. January.Paris Precinct No. 6.D. S. Henry, Chairman.L. D. Redmon,W. T. Bryan,Jno. L. Soper,S. E. Bedford,Jno. F. Young,J. W. Bacon,J. Will Thomas.North Middle town Precinct No. 1.J. W. Jones, Chairman.H. S. Caywood,Jno. T. Collins,C. C. Clarke,W. A. Thomason,C. M. Thomas,E. W. Castello,J. W. Young, Jr., 'Jno. J. Redmon,Roy McCray,L. H. Bryan,B. F. Dalzell,Davis Patrick,L. D. Mitchell.North Middletown Precinct No. 2.Charlton Clay, Chairman,Capt. F. E. Nelson,S. Brooks Clay,M. Hume-Payne.Millersburg Precinct No. 1.W. D. Mclntyre, Chairma.J. C. McDaniels,O. R. Rankin,J. P. Redmon,C. B. ;Layson,J. C. Leer,A. T. Moffett,K. D. Burroughs,H. M. Boxley,M. D. Hurst,Jno. Talbott.Millersburg Precinct No. 2.0. E. Hurst, Chairman.Sanford Allen,Letton Vimont,Jas. T. Jefferson,Alex Miller,D. E. Clark,A. C. Ball,A CLEAR COMPLEXIONRuddy CheeksSparkling EyesMost Women Can HaveSays Dr. Edwards, a Well-KnownOhio PhysicianDr. F. M. Edwards for 17 years treatedcores of women for liver and bowelailments. During these years he gave tohis patients a prescription made of a fewwell-known vegetable ingredients mixedwith olive oil, naming them Dr. Edwards'Olive Tablets. You will know them bytheir olive color.-These tablets are wonder-workers on theliver and bowels, which cause a normaaction, carrying off the waste and poisoncms matter in one's system.If you have a pale face, sallow look, dulleyes, pimples, coated tongue, headaches, alistless, no-good feeling, all out of sorts,inactive bowels, you take one of Dr.Edwards' Olive Tablets nightly for a timeand note the pleasing results. --Thousands of 'women as well as mentake Dr. Edwards'Olive Tablets the suecessful substitute, for calomelnow andthen just to keep in the pink of condition10c and 25c per box. All druggists.Quick Deliveries ByTRACTION EXPRESSKy. Traction & TerminalCo.&2A PERUNAGreatest Human Vitalizer"During the winters of 1897and 1898, I was so badly afflictedwith catarrh of the head andthought I must surely die fromit. After trying: many doctorsand all other recommended remedies made known to me, I wasinduced to use Peruna. I waacured entirely by using twelvebottles of Peruna and one bottleof Manalin.Since that time, I have neverbeen without Peruna. I use itfor colds aad as a general toaicduring Spring and Fall montasand find it the greatest humanvitalizer."Sold EverywhereE. L. Tarr,Geo. Stoker,J. D. Booth.Clintonville Precinct No. 1 and 2.A. L. Stephenson, Chairman,L. K. Rice, Chairman,Jas. Woodford,Lee Stephenson,G. K. Jones,Sam Weathers,Geo. Davison,Jno. Woodford,Less Hagan.Centerville Precinct No. 1.G. R. Burberry, Chairman,H. S. May,E. F. Poe,J. N. Kendall,Wm. Sparks,W. W. Shropshire,H. H. Chinn,H. C. Clifford,J. N. Shropshire, ,,V. W. Ferguson, fJno. Welch,J. L. Leach.Centerville Precinct No. 2.Jno. M. Clay, Chairman,Jno. W. Leach,Chas. Cox,Stanhope Wiedemann,J. M. Ward.Little Rock Precinct No. 2.Sam Clay, Chairman,Louis Taylor,Jesse Alverson,G. W. Redmon,Jno. G. Redmon,T. J. Redmon,Thos. Drennan,H. B. Pence,Jas. L. Dodge,W. W. Kenney,W. P. Wornall,S. P. Harding,Tollie Young,Fred Fister,Jas. M. Caldwell,Aylette Buckner,W. M. RogersFrank Collins.Hutchison Precinct No. 1.Jas. H. Thompson, Chairman,O. B. Lloyd,Jno. S. Wiggins,Joe Jacoby,Jas. Wilmott,W. K. Dudley,J. C. Beatty,Robert Meteer.Hutchison Precinct No. 2.Jno. M. Brennan, Chairman,W. B. Ardery,W. W. Hall,Chas. White,Matt Lair,Jno. Bell,Tom Mitchell,Jno. Wright,Hugh Ferguson,Will Whaley,D. G. Taylor.Ruddles Mills Precinct No. 1.Geo. Current, Chairman.Geo. Wyatt, Jr.,Jas. Fisher,J. C. Howard,Dr. G. L. Rankin,J. A. Wagner.J. Harry Hall, Chairman,Ruddles Mill Precinct No. 2.B. B. Marsh,Geo. K. Redmon,Amos Turney, Jr.,T. H. Talbot,Little Rock Precinct No. 1.S. Ray Burris, Chairman,Rev. Ward Russell,Edsell Clark,J. E. Boardman,B. F. Hopkins,Joe Hopkins,Robt Parker,Robert Letton,Houston Crouch,Troupe Clarke,Tip Hinkle,L. H. Burris, 'F. F. Burris,Dr. P. L. McClure,Clifton Gillispie,C. H. Dalzell,W. P. Thomas,C. E. Ralls,L. M. Stewart.oIF I WERE A FARMERIf I were a farmer I would keep athand a few reliable medicines forminor ailments that are not so serious as to require the attention of aphysician, such as Chamberlain'sColic and Diarrhoea Remedy forbowel complaints.Chamberlain's Liniment for sprainsand bruises and rheumatic pains.Chamberlain's Tablets for stomachtroubles, biliousness and , constipation. By having these articles at hand itwould often save the trouble of a tripto town in the busiest season or inthe night, and would enable me totreat slight ailments as soon as theyappear, and thereby avoid the moreserious diseases that so often, follow.(adv-april)"NOBODY CARES FOR ME."The old hen sat in a leafless treeand said: "Nobody cares for me.My food is what I find about, I huntfor it until I'm frazzled out. Myowner says I do not pay, and that Iought to sing and lay. I wish hehad to sit out here and live on pickin's all the year. Til bet a half acent, by jing, he wouldn't layfromnow till Spring."The Louisville Times suggests thatthe Bavarian Diet looks like redI WasEntirelyCuredMr. "Wnt. A. Hartmann, 217 S.Second St., Muskogee, Oklahoma,thus describes his case. Read hisletter.liquid or Tablet FormTWO KINDS OF U. S. MONEYIf there were two kinds of UnitedStates money one just ordinarymoney, and the other, money thatincreases in value every month, youhave it.You'd .naturally want the growingkind all you could get hold of.You'd chance as much of yourmoney as you could for the growingkind of money that gets bigger rightalong. You'd hold on to the growingkind and let it grow for you.But there are two kinds of moneyordinary dollars and quartersand cents that don't grow and WarSavings Stamps that do grow.You buy a War Savings Stampthis month for ?4.13, next month itis wnrth $4 14 thft month after.$4,15, and on January 1, 1924, ithas grown to $5.00."But," you say, "a War SavingsStamp is not ready money? Itgrows all right, is a good investment,helps me save, but I can't spend it."You're wrong the War SavingsStamp is ready money that is,ready enough money.If you need the money you havesaved in War Savings Stamps thatgrowing money you can get it fromany postoffice on ten days' notice.You can get all you paid in and allthe interest it has earned while it isgrowing for you, and the ten days'no'tice is one of its great features.You can't just rush out to spendyour $4.28 or whatever it may be,in your War Savings Stamp. Youhave got time to think before youcan spend it, and if you think beforeyou spend you probably will notspend that W. S. S. money foolishly,but will spend it for somethingworth while. In other words, it isnot merely growing money it isalso money with the magic power ofhelping you to get your money'sworth inoney tied up just enough tokeep it from flying out of your pocketbook. And remember, the wisespending string on your money inWar Savings Stamps in your' ownstring the string that keeps yourwallet closed until you really needthe money.oMOTHER! YOUR CHILDIS CROSS, FEVERISH,FROM CONSTIPATIONIf Tongue Is Coated, Breath Bad,Stomach Sour, Clean Liverand Bowels.Give "California Syrup of Figs"at once a teaspoonful to-day oftensaves a sick child to-morrow.If your little one is out-ofrsorts,half-sick, isn't resting, eating andacting naturally look, mother! seeif tongue is coated. This is a suresign that its little stomach, liver andbowels are clogged with waste. Whencross, irritable, feverish, stomachsour, breath bad or has stomachache, diarrhoea, sore throat, full ofcold, give a teaspoonful of "California Syrup of Figs," and in a fewhours all the constipated poison, undigested food and sour bile gentlymoves out of its little bowels without griping, and you have a well,playful child again.Mothers can rest easy after givingthis harmless "fruit laxative," because it never fails to cleanse thelittle one's liver and bowels andsweeten the stomach and they dearlylove its pleasant taste. Full directions for babies, children of all agesand for grown-ups printed on eachbottle.Beware of counterfeit lg syrups.Ask your druggist for a bottle of"California Syrup of Figs;" then seethat it is made by the "CaliforniaFig Syrup Company.(adv)o-HORSE TO FOLLOW THE DODO."Every horse and mule in theUnited States ought to be taken outand shot," is the startling conclusion reached by William C. Shepherd, who .tells us in "Everybody's,"some of the interesting facts thatbusiness men have dug up in wartime-Washington."There are twenty-fivemillion such animals," continues Mr. Shepherd. "They should beexterminated as soon as we can dispense with their services. A horseor a mule is one o"f the most unreasonable things alive. It pulls a plowover four acres of ground and thenin a year it eats all that one of theseacres produce. It eats as much whenit isn't working as when it is. Noone knew this fact until lately. Thebusiness man in the Government during the war discovered it."I'm giving this fact, not to illustrate the undoubted truth that therewill be over a million, farm tractorsin use within the next three years,but rather to show how, delving intoAmerica's business center in. Washington the center where the Amer-The Shortest RouteAll long distance messages forMaysville VanceburgElemingsburg Brooksvilleand way stations located within the Maysville District, shouldbe routed overHome Long Distancefor the reason that this is the shortest and most direct route forestablishing toll connection w th these points.Paris Home Telephone & TelegraphCompany"" Y 03 j? 1J. J. VEATCH.District Manager(Incorporated)GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4 West Fifh Street::, 'if.'M&jxsfijJrMr jfn.i;- jl. vifluT- -.ar -' ifC J .---,8IThe Bourbon Laundry::Paris,A MAN AND HIS WIFEffVtk k SirLEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40ican business man, had, until recently, a place in Government you findastonishing facts beyond number.They are facts which the businessman, when he got into the mustyold offices in Washington, brought tolight." -WHOOPING COUGH.Give Chamberlain's Cough Remedyto keep. the cough coose and expectoration easy. It is execellent.(adv-april)?"I marched through the mud ofFlanders, through a large part of. theLorraine sectors, and lastly fromChateau Thierry to Fismes, and myshoes with Neolin Soles are still ingood condition. For five months Ialternated these shoes with two otherpairs, which are now worn out, butthe Neolin Soles look as if they hadanother five good months of wear leftin them." Written by Lieut. EdgerlyAustin, AmericanExpeditibnary Forces,France October 17th, 1918." This is exceptional service, all armymen will agree. 'Civilians rarely givetheir shoes usage such L3 this; but ifthey are hard on shoe , and want tocut their shoe bills down, let them tryNeolin-soled shoes. These shoes areobtainable at most shoe stores inmany good styles ior men, women aridchildren. .Or have you- old shoes re-bottomedwith Neolin Soies. You will find thesescientifically made soles are comfortable and waterproof, as well as longwearing. They are made by TheGoodyear Tire & Rubber Co., Akron,Ohio, who also make Wingfoot Heelsguaranteed to outwear all other heels.neolin Solestni Mark Rer. U.S. Pat. OC.HARDHETHENmisW. H. CANNON.local Managerifi:iXIIIIIIIIIXIXISATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improve-.ir merits in laundry appliancesAss i ana expert helpers we are&rJ prepared to do work infe-J rior to none, and solicitsays vrrnr nntrrmncrp- j ,....-, rKentuckymay both derive saiisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatv'ing, must surely satisfy you.A phone .brings us.Home Phone 169Margolen'sSanitary Meat MarrketPUREHOGLARDPound 4 :Sanitary Meat Market30cflRGOLEN'" ' "'!kVT'; " ri1!Cti ..8-' YJ'' i ,h-V '- 'V' firInvest &rYrar ChildrenHave vou ever thought that th& fit-c $mn ,,.i :wc-r viiv mot tx.v oaycu ixi ?vrrchildhood has been the beginning of many a fortune? 4Instill into your children right now the habit of saving andmaking investments. Start them with as many subscriptionsto the Victory Liberty Loan as you can give them andthey will bless your memory in the years to come.Victory Liberty Loan Committeesfir -r . Vr -7.-.!This space contributed byParis Gas and Electric CompanyandThe First National Bank .j ..i-ifriTs ,INRr,f i-v?4CfX&r-.:'- Wx.--.-jI-vjrrM?$t Mfir .,.. .-. i JkWWMtBHBMHHEa," -,V )- - nyTHE BOUBJBON HEWS, PAEIS, KEHTTJCKTTUESDAY, APRIL 22, lilt.THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMOADMISSIONAdults Ticket 1 Sc; War Tax 2c-20cChildren Ticket 9c; War Tax 1 c 1 0cTO-DAY, TUESDAYTO-MORROW, WEDNESDAYWM. A. BRADY PRESENTSLouis M. Alcott's Famous Story"Little Women"A moving picture of smiles and tears, for every man andevery woman and every child who loves and laughs. More than2,600,000 copies of the book have been read by many times thatnumber of persons. How much more wonderful and appealingthan the printed word is the story of Meg and Jo and Beth andAmy brought to life on the screen! Imagine the incident whereJo cuts off her long tresses to save her mother grief! Pictureit in cold type and then in the warm, living movie.THURSDAY, APRIL 24thl:Vivian Martin7X77 S7T77T 7ryrsiaaKUMiauatamaBiAlice Brady"The World to Live In"How long can a girl play with fire without being burned?See Alice Brady in "The World to Live In."Also International NewsVandArbuckle Comedy, "Fatty Cleans Up"IN"Jane Goes a -Wooing"iThe best things in life are not the ones pursued sometimesI j they are the things that come unsolicited, and when we needj them most. Jane Neill (Vivian Martin) learns this when shewent a-woomg.a'iCarol Holloway and Antonio Moreno in"THE IRON TEST"iAnd Pathe Comedy"TOTO'S TROUBLES"'iAlsoBRAY PICTOGRAPHl! well and enjoyed the best of health.while in the service., . MILLERSBURG ! Mr. Bruce McMahan, who metj with an accident some days ago,was taken to the St. Joseph's Hos-pital, in Lexington, Saturday, whereMrs. G. W. Brambiett is improv- an operation was performed by Dr.ins, after an. attack of rheumatism.. Miss Hatt-'e Wood visited friendsinLouisville from Friday until Sunday. -Canday! Candy! and more candycoming at Caldwell's. (It). t Mr. Claude Neal, of Newport, arrived Saturday as the guet of hismottLer., Mrs. Jennie Neal.j Sweet mixed pickles at 25 centsper pound, at Caldwell's. (it)J Miss Katharine Rennick, of Lexogton, was the guest of Mrs. MattieB. Hawes from Saturday until Monday. . Mr. William Hurst, of Flemingsfeurg, was the guest of his brother,Mr. M. D. Kurst, and other relatives,last week.Mr. M. E. Pruitt and familyvsre guests of her parents, Mr. andMrs. Bedel Chanslor, at Stanford,f rmo Saturday until Monday.If you want good coffee, tryV t Gibson. House Special. It .will.sisfy every purpose, and c&iu beIpaght at Caldwell's. (it)The Sunday schools and churchservices were all well attended onEaster 'Sunday. Special programsvfcre rendered at most of the churched. lTae program at the Methodistchurch was exceedingly good.' To. Barrow Unit was musteredout at Camp Taylor, Saturday.LCcssrs. J. A. Ingels, R. E. Caldwellajid T. K. Gilmore returned homeSaturday night They were giventhe glad hand by their many friendsoji Sunday. The boys are lookingBarrow. Two toes of Mr. McMhan'sright foot were removed.The various rooms at the gradedschool celebrated the Easter holidayswith an egg hunt Friday afternoon.The Presbyterian church gave anEaster egg party Saturday afternoonin the church yard, the Christianchurch doing -likewise. Egg huntinggames and all manner of out-doorsport was the order of this happy occasion. NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.The Sugar Creek Creamery Company opened their creamery stationin the Sandusky rooms on Mainstreet, lately vacated by Billy Miller,the barber, on Saturday, April 19.Drive up. We will take your creamfrom your car or from your buggy,and have your can and check readyin a short time. Satisfaction andprofit is what we want to give you.We have established a station inMillersburg for your convenienceand want you to make our marketyour market.MRS. LUCY INSKO,(It) Operator.--Miss Mary Dan Harbison andbrother, Capt. Harbison, of Flemingsburg, will give a song recital at theM. C. Auditorium, Friday at 8:00 p.m., under tne auspices of tne Missionary Society of the Presbyterianchurch. Miss Harbison and brotherare both well-known in Millersburg,having given recital here in thepast. The public will be glad tolearn that we are going to be favored with them again. They need nointroduction to a Millersburg audience. Don't forget the cause and remember the place and date.The oil ordered for spreadingon the city streets, is expected heresoon.Mr. R. S. Forman, who has beenconfined to his home by illness forthe past two weeks, jte able to be outagain.George McDonald, colored, hasa three-year-old duck that has performed the feat of laying 125 eggsfrom December 15 to April 15.tDEATHS.MITCHELL.Mr. A. T. Mitchell, a wellknown former resident, of this county, died Friday 'at his home in Fulton, Ky., where he had been a resident for several years. Mr. Mitchellwas in business in Mt. Sterling also,for several years, and was closely related to Mr. R. A. Mitchell, of thatcity.During his residence in this county, Mr. Mitchell for many years wascashier of the North MiddletownDeposit Band. He was engaged inthe banking business in Fulton,where another North Middletownman, Mr. Charles Edward Rice, wasfor years in the same business. Mr.Mitchell is 'survived by one daughter,Mrs. Minnie Mitchell Lovelace, of St.Louis, Mo., and one granddaughter,Mrs. Mary Sadows Ely, of Sapulpa,Oklahoma.)FISHER.THE NEWS has leceived a copyof The Shelby ville, (Ind.) Democrat,rco3IfThis is the Boys' Store!WALSH CLOTHES"THE KIND THAT REAL BOYS WEAR"sjHE average boy has little regard for the wear of a suit, and that is why youwant to buy the kind of'clotH&s that stand the wear. That kind are soldright here in this "Boys' Store" and you'll find them durable through theroughest kind of play. Our clothes are a treat for mothers, as they requireless attention and mending. We give special attention to this department and thelx)ys that come here to buy. We've assembled the best line this season we haveever shown and the styles and patterns are right up to the minute. Waist lineand belt all around models are shown in abundance of colors and patterns.You can look here for the' " BEST VALUES in town.1 ;..r. ihin: a-. . VS7.50 to $15.00All Kinds of Furnishings For BoysR. P. WALSH7th and Main One-Price Store Paris, Ky.dontaining a marked notice of thedeath there of a former resident ofParis, Mr. Charles C. Fisher, whowas engaged in business here forseveral years. Mr. Fisher marriedMiss Sallie Pryor, of Paris, a sisterof Mr. J. T. Pryor, formerly an employe of THE NEWS and later withthe Kentuckian-Citizen. The Democrat says:"Charles Carl Fisher died at 11:55o'clock this morning, at his home onFranklin avenue, from a complication of diseases. He had been in aserious condition for some time, being confined to his home more thana year. He was one of the prominent citizens of Shelbyville and hisdeath brings genuine sorrow to theentire city."He had been engaged as an interior decorator in this city for thelast twenty-six years, coming fromCovington, Ky., to make his home.He was aged sixty-three years andwas married thirty-six years ago toSarah Elizabeth Pryor, who surviveswith seven children, six sons and onedaughter, namely; Howard Fisher, ofCincinnati; Charles Fisher, of Kansas; George Fisher, of Indianapolis.;Ed and Oscar Fisher, of this city,and Thomas and Frances, at home.-"He was a member of the Knightsof Pythias and the Red Men and active in the work of both organizations. He was also affiliated withthe First M. E. Church."His death is the first to occur inthe immediate family, which has enjoyed a domestic life of unusualhappiness. The entire communityextend the bereaved family its heart-felt sympathy. Mr. Fisher was likedby all who had the opportunity toknow him and his death leaves vacant a place that will not be easily 'filled." jRELIGIOUS.Election of officers will be theprincipal business to be transactedat the meeting of the Pastor's AidSociety of the Presbyterian church.The meeting will be held in thechurch building this afternoon. Afull attendance of the membershipsis urged.tIn the absence of the pastor,Rev. G. R. Combs, who is conductinga revival in the Cynthiana Methodistchurch, the pulpit at the Paris Methodist church was filled Sunday morning by the former pastor, Rev. J. P.Strother, of the Cynthiana church.A special Easter program was rendered at the Sunday school.A Centenary meeting of thetwenty pastoral charges in this district will be held in Lexington thelatter part of April, when the purposes and progress of the great missionary movement of the Northernand Southern branches of the Methodst church will be presented to thedelegates by speakers from the Centenary headquarters from Nashville.Mr. A. L. Boatright, choristerof the Paris Christian church, returned yesterday from Danville,wheie he had been leading the singing in a revival conducted at theChristian church, by Rev. J. J. Castleberry. Rev. Castleberry accompanied Mr. Boatright'home, and was aguest yesterday of Rev. and Mrs. W.E. Ellis. The revival resulted in theaddition of eighty to the church.The Easter program rendered bythe children of the First Bautistchurch, was pronounced by all present as a decided success.The day was observed as Missionary Day in the school and the missionary spirit abounded freely. Theaim in contributions was $150.00and the actual amount contributedreached $150.62, which is by farthe greatest contribution in the history of the school.It was a great day in a greatschool in a great cause. Therewere 212 present. Will you not joinus next Sunday?All the churches of the city hadlarge congregations Sunday, in anticipation of the usual Easter exercisesand musical programs. The pastorsof the various churches took fortheir themes some phase of the "Resurrection," and the choirs renderedexcellent Easter music. An especially interesting sermon was delivered at the Presbyterian church at themorning service by Rev. Dr. Cotton,of the Presbyterian. Theological Seminary at Louisville, he taking for histheme, "Why Did Christ First Appear To Mary Magdelene?" Thesolos and duets, by Miss Harbisonand her brother Cap t. Dan Harbison,and the quartette from the choirwere appropriate and beautifullyrendered.BIRTHS.. In this city, to the wife of Mr.Wolford Ewalt, a son, their secondchild. The mother was formerly MissBessie Moore.rTheaLatest, 0::fordc. Pumps(-'kIn Great Abundance andMagnificent Assortment.EVERY DAY SEESNEW ARRIVALSa'afc-fivci in the Season's LatestCreations.Men's, Women's and Children'sMost Desirableand CorrectFOOTWEARat prices onSy our unlimited purchasing power and quickturn-over permit. COME IN TO-DAY, compare them andyou will appreciate the SAVINGS!Ladies' Patent Dull Brown KidOxfords and PumpsFull Louis Heel, inWALK-OVERand other famous makesAt SpecialBargain Pricesi' ;SPECIALSLadies' Kid Oxfordsand Tan Rumps, $5.00 values at :$3.95Ladies' Mahogany TanEnglish Oxfords," 5. 00 values at3.49DAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy Reign-H'Jr: vv'v - rfc1 v Mi U4yty.. V fiVi -' v " 5j 'W " .v W" "".r ?Z-,3s-)1 vt J.v rV- 4 HTuesday ArU 22, 1&1S , n jfcTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYIA THANKLESS TASKSheriff McClintock and his deputies and Chief of Police Link andthe members of the police forceclaim one of the most unpleasant features of their official duties is in having to kill dogs on which no licenselias been paid. The law in that respect is very -stringent and they3tave been doing their duty, with theresult that the unlicensed caninepopulation of Bourbon county hasLeen very materially reduced.The officers have very little sympathy for the adult who does notthfrS enough of his or her dog topay a small license, but it gets closeto their hearts to see some little boyor j. :1 hide their faces and begin tojryviien their pets are led away tothe slaughter. .persons ow-ning unlicensed dogsare -warned to see that the licensetars are kept attached and also seethat their dogs are kept confined onthe premises between the hours ofsunKi and sunrise, as required bylaw.o ,POSTOFFICE RULING REVERSEDpostmaster J. Walter Payne is inreceipt of an official communicationfrom the Postoffice Department atWashington notifying him of a reversal of one of the department'srulings affecting the transportationof packages destined for overseas soldiers and sailors.Sometime ago the department issued a ruling to the effect that parcels intended for shipment to the menoverseas could not be accepted unlessaccompanied with approved requestsr 4im ;irtrirAKsef for .the articles contained therein. This lias been revok-jA at the reauest of the War Department. The new order revokes thisand permits the mailing of packagesnot to exceed seven pounds inneiglit, provided they are properlyaddressed, wrapped, fully prepaidand otherwise filling the requirements of the Postoffice Departmentgoverning the transmission of mailto the members of the American Expeditionary Forces in Europe. Theseparcels may not be registered, insured or sent C. O. D.oSTATE STUDENTS RAISE $31,350FOR WAR FUND.When the United War Work campaign was put on in Kentucky lastfall, the students of the State weregiven a quota of $20,000 to raise astheir share of the general fund of$1,770,000 to be raised. The studentsnot only raised their quota of $20,000, but they went far beyond andwhen the returns were in it wasfound that they had pledged a totalof $31,350.According to a recent report issued by H. S. Tucker, auditor of theUnited War Work fund, 58.2 per centof the amount subscribed has beenpaid in cash.The Millersburg Military Institutesubscribed $222, and collected $222,and the Millersburg College subscribed and collected the sum of$264. Forty-four colleges took partin the campaign.STATE SCHOOL CENSUS NOW BE-ING-TAKEN.The work of taking the schoolcensus of the State is now 'in progress, the law providing that thecensus must be taken during themonth of April. The department ofeducation estimates that the totalcensus of 1919 will be 618,092,which will be an increase of 316 overlast year.In taking the census, Superintendent of Public Instruction Gilbert andhis school inspectors are on the alertto see that the census is not paddedin any community. After the lastschool census was taken ' it wasfound that considerable padding hadbeen done in Kenton county andSuperintendent Gilbert saved theschools of the State $20,000 by taking off all illegal .names.Under the law cities ar , countiesmay take their school census. Thecities electing to take the census areAshland, Central City, Dayton,Frankfort, Henderson, Ludlow, Mayfield, Hopkinsville, Maysville, Oweusboro, Paris and Winchester.COURT OF APPEALS DECISIONS.In the Court of Appeals at Frankfort, Wednesday, in the case of P. J.Millett's Executors vs. Commonwealth, from the Bourbon CircuitCourt a cross appeal was granted.53urton'sConfectionery StoreSuccessor to Adami & SantiIllAGENT FOR M. IB0LDMANUEL, COUNSELOR, -ANDSONADA CIGARSAdami's Famous Recipe forfaking delicious Ice Cream,boda Water and MixedDrinks still used.Bulk Ice -Cream(Made from Pure Cream)delivered for home use.Fancy Ices for PartiesHIGH CLASS BOXCANDIES.For the BEST, Sec Us,FRANK BURTON1IK!I'S.WMXiWORK AND FUN FOR KENTUCKYBOYS.Kentucky's far-famed strawberrycrop will be a big one this yea, according to reports from BowlingGreen. Ten thousand pickers are tobe in fields of Warren county alone.The U. S. Boys' Working Reserve andthe State Y. M. C. A. will co-operatein running a camp for Kentuckyboys on the Clagett and Covingtonfarm, a mile and a quarter fromBowling Green. The camp will beopen for the berry-picking seasonabout May 19. At the close of theberry season, which lasts about threeweeks, the two agencies will run thecamp for gerieral farm work for boyswho are enrolled in the Reserve.In addition to good wages, the boyswill receive the Bronze Badges andthe Honorable Service Bar awardedby the United States Governmentfor various periods of work. Thework done during the berry seasonwill apply on the Badges and theBadges and the Service Bar. Allmatters of wages will be between theboys and Clagett and Covington; theBoys' Working Reserve and theState Y. M. C. A. merely supervisethe camp.The camp at all times will be under the personal supervision of highgrade camp leaders. It will be located in a beautiful grove, high anddry. The boys will be provided withtents free of charge and will eat intheir own mess provided by their owncooks, for which they will pay a lowcost price. The boys must also paytheir railroad fare from their hometown to and from Bowling Green.Daily inspection of the boys in thiscamp, as to their health, will be afeature. A fine swimming pool forthe boys of this camp only, will bepersonally supervised by the directors. Free musical program baseball, tennis and other sports will beenjoyed. Sunday will be a day ofrest with Bible,, classes, inspirationaltalks and tramps for those who wish.A special trip to Mammoth Cave isbeing arranged. Write George E.Stephens, State Director, U. S Boys'Working Reserve, 345 Y. M. C. A.Building, Louisville, Ky.DON'T WAIT BUY NOW TOBACCO STICKS.Buy tobacco sticks now and youwill get better quality and just aslow, or lower, prices than you willget later. At this season of the yearwe buy only from mills making extragood quality sticks; later when therush comes we have to take what wecan get. Anticipate your -needs,haul them now and get them sharpened on rainy days and at othertimes when your men have -a fewhours "between jobs. Our stock isexcellent quality and practically 100per cent. good.It don't pay to put off doing anything. The man who succeeds is thelive wire always ahead with hiswork. Anticipate your needs nowand make your contracts. Materialshave already advanced some and theindications are that they will gohigher.We deliver anywhere at reasonable prices.BOURBON LUMBER CO.,M. Peale Collier, Manager.Yards Corner Main and "FourteenthStreets, Paris, Ky.Both'Phones 122.. (tf)INSPECTOR SAYS PINES FORSPEEDING ARE TOO LOW.Assistant State Inspector and Examiner Alvin Steger, in making anexamination of the books and recordsof Magistrate Samuel Irvine, who recently suicided in Louisville, has discovered over 200 fines of one centand costs assessed against automobilists for violating the speed laws.As there is a statutory provision fixing the penalty in such cases at from$5 to ?10, the report of InspectorSteger, which is ready for submission, will recommend that the bondsmen of the deceased justice becharged up with $1,500, which is estimated to be approximately theamount accruing to the State fromthese cases. Attorney General Chas.H. Morris announces that if themoney is not paid, he will institutesuit against Irvine's bondsmen to enforce recovery.It is estimated by the office of theState Inspector and -Examiner thatsomething like $15,000 may be collected from justices in various citiesand town of the State for countenancing similar practices.MAX EMBRY ALLEN'S BROTHERDIES IN TENNESSEE.Major J. Embry Allen, who liasbeen ill at his residence on Woodland avenue, in Lexington, sent adispatch to his brother, Dr. B. J.Allen, of Chattanooga, informing thelatter of his serious illness, and re-I questing that he come to Lexingtonfor consultation. Almost immediately after the telegram was sent,word was received that Dr. Allen haddied suddenly of heart trouble. Thetwo telegrams were sent almost simultaneously and Dr. Allen died without knowing of his brother's desire tosee him. Major Allen, althoughsomewhat improved, was -not informed of the death of his brother inTennessee until later on.EMBALMED COOTIES LATESTPRESENT FROM FRANCEHun helmets as war souvenirs areas' passe as the tango. The latest fadnow is to send the home folks anembalmed cootie.Private Joseph M. Walsh, attached to marine corps headquarters atWashington, got one ff"om his brotherin France. It was entombed in adrop of candle wax and was accompanied by the following note:"Dear Brother: I am sending youthe body of a bosom friend. He waswith me constantly to the end. Idon't mind treating a friend to someof my corned willie once in a while,but when he got" to eating off me regular I had to kill him.".vSMild ?MONEY BIGHT IN YOUR HANDFOR EOGS, POULTRYAND JUNK.Highest cash price for eggs,poultry, hides and junk.MUNICH & WIDES CO.,(11-tf) Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.oNATURAL HISTORY MESEUM TOSEARCH KENTUCKY CAVESNow that the war is over, it maybe that the American Museum ofNatural History, New York, will resume its plan to search Kentucky Jcoves for evidences of primeval man. Iiroiessor Artnur u. Miner, or tneDepartment of Geology at the University of Kentucky, who has formany years been a deep student ofarcheology, said that plans had beenmadeTrior to the outbreak ofL. thewar by the American Museum of Nat- !ural History to send to Kentucky jarcheologists for the purpose ofsearching for evidences of the exist-ence of primeval man near themouths of caves and in cliffs havinga Southern exposure. IKentucky was chosen not only be-cause of the number of large caves jwithin its boundaries, but from thejfact that this State has geographi- 'cally the same location fcas the glaciated area in France in which sectionevidences have been found of the existence of prehistoric humanity inthe form of works of art, implements jand evidences even of their habitsand customs.The caves and cliffs of Kentucky,according to Professor Miller, are peculiarly adapted for the work of scientists for the reason given aboveand the fact that many of the cliffshave a southern exposure, something that prehistoric man- sought,Professor Miller says, in order to protect himself in winter from the northTrrir1cs .In making the researches which 1have resulted in finding irretutaDieevidences of 'the characteristcs, habHc .nelnma and somewhat .of thephysical makeup of the race existing jafter the glaciated period, tne scientists found the layers of rock, the sections of which are still existant, andunder these they dig until success-ful or convinced that no evidencesexist in that locality. . - - ,ChesterfieldIi CIGARETTES'- S&) cflMPORTEDaDQMESTIC 'ySfW '' ' ' iohacco$ Blended ...f'mW The extra wrapper of glastine , ISryyi&MW paper keeps 'em FreshX'-lHiW W L Hr Bm III x'mSum l-andgehejr'Satisfy;u'"Chesterfields satisfy, -And YET Chesterfields are mild! 'Don't lose that little word "YET," For other cigarettes may satisfy and still other cigarettes may bemild. But Chesterfields are the only cigarettes thatsatisfy and YET are mild.Chesterfields are the only mild cigarettes that letyou know you are smoking that hit the "smoke-spot"that "satisfy"!It's the blend a. blend of the finest Turkish andDomestic tobaccos. And the blend can't be copied.So if youN want "mild" plus "satisfy," you wantChesterfields and you want them today.J&rcCTHE UNIVERSAL. ARRUGGLES16 Bank Row, Paris, Ky.S V"$ I.V -VfV"I ''" -,yvwtcc CffJ- .Jr':'SH'o:.' yjf6S.1-&I"I.0"oisooannimHw3ii'.K ....sSirr. i?KI&nInmimonawarg',:Vs.eC. ?.V.--' B-J. , .S Mt- ."v"X"-.' r. i j"5--.-l' V.... , ... v--''- - IvttJKrf.. ; -. .n :f0Let's Finish as Job!jfhe Obligations of PeacesCar iSr Our Soldier Boys AbroadBring Our Soldiers Home Again3o See Demobilization ThroughPay Every Dollar o War InsuranceGive ife Soldier His Pay Envelope0o Rehabilitate fife Wounded MenDo Sustain Hospitals i&rOur Solders3S Pay Our War Debts - - - VDo Preserve a LASTING PEACEThe war is won, but the bills must be paid. Thesuccess of the Victory Liberty Loan is your job.You are lending, not giving your money and yourGovernment guarantees its return with interest.Buy today cash and installments.JS""Victory Liberty Loan CommitteeT7rfj space contributed bjffa&;' :v. " '' ."J.'jRt'"', v-Vk''si . . kj ". -' ' 'is: ;-..'-. VitThe Farmers & Traders Bank. fandHarris & Speakes..s .- 'AT.Sr ',;. - .'V,1t.L? "-:,!.v -ffS "4,. ,k-iA".r". Z'-J' v.'- .V,S'.1:.r-a.-IV .. . 'i-4t'3w&VS43-& ."': 'Xf.f:" .; A-wk, -.rrj-.'5K- -'P4' -d