rV-sTHE-..NEWSxPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY ND THr VY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JANUARY 17. 1919BOURBON1 !V'4O4HiTiTOEDBOOTLEGGERSRESTEDAB-Charged with violating the liquorlavre four negroes.Dennis Leer, FrankMussinon, James Lemon and Dennis"Warren, were arrested Wednesdayby Patrolman George W. Judy, andplaced in the Paris jail.The charge was a nominal one tohold them on, as they were suspectedof being implicated in the theft ofpackages of wet goods from the officeof the American Express Company,at the Louisville & Nashville passenger station in this city. During theholidays when there was a rush toget the original packeages of liquorthrough to their destinations, theexpress office was entered at differentintervals, and the packages stolen.In, each instance the stolen packagescontained a dozen quarts of liquor.Tea cases of the goods also disappeared. In a search for the partieswho had purloined the wet goods Patrolman Judy found the place wherethe cases of liquor had been openedand their contents abstracted. Thegoods stolen was valued at between$250 and $300. Suspicion pointedto Leer, and after the men had beenplaced under arrest, Leer admittedthat he was one of the crowd that.had been doing the work. The mens will be arraigned in the CountyCourt next Tuesday and will be given a hearing before County JudgeGeorge Batterton,CENTENARY MEETING AT THEMETHODIST CHURCH.vOne of the most important' religious meeting in the histbry of theParis church was the one held Wednesday in the interest of the Centenary Movejment of th'e Methodists inAmerica. The year ,1919 marks theone hundredth anniversary of thebeginning of missionary work by theAmerican Methodist church. Theevent was celebrated by a gerat forward movement in missions.A program of addresses was given.Among the distinguished speakers ofthe day were Rev. W. V. Cooper, ofDanville, Centenary Conference Secretary, Dr. J. A. Baylor, of Louisville,one of the Secretaries of the ChurchExtension TTund, Rev. O. B. Crockett, formerly of Paris, now located atShelby ville; Dr. H. T. Turner, pastorof the church at Danville, Mrs. Edward Lambkin, of Warsaw, and others. Among the local speakers wereMr. Dennis V. Snapp, who spoke onthe subject, "The Sunday School andThe Centenary," and Rev. G. R.Combs, pastor of the church, whotook for his thejme, "The Pastor andThe Centenary."THE TOBACCO MARKETS.HIGH QUALITY SEEDSHighest quality Red Clover,Alsike, Timothy, Seed Oats.Cottonseed Meal.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(janl7-2t)ELOEIBA TOUBISTS"Before leaving should investigateour prices on Traveling Bags, SuitCases and Wardrobe Trunks.(It) - J. W. DAVIS & CO.LOUISVILLE & NASHVILLE EMPLOYES ENTERTAIN ATPARIS GRAND. ,HBL JOHN MANSFIELD LEAVESPROPERTY TO WIFE AND SONThe will of Mr. John Mansfield,former resident of Bourbon county,who died at his home in Scottcounty a short time ago, was filedwith the Clerk of the Scott CountyCourt, and admitted to probate.The will provides that the bulk ofthe property be left to his wife andonly son. The sum of $1,000 each isleft to two daughters, Ora MansfieldWeigle and Ruby Mansfield, and theremainder is to be divided betweenMrs. LottieMansfield and son, JuliusiMansfield. The latter two are namedas executors without bond. In orderto make the division, the property isto be sold at public outcry.NAt 7:30 last night the employesof the Louisville & Nashville Railroad Company were entertained bythe company with a picture-play atthe Paris Grand, illustrating "No-Accident-Week.'In addition to amusical program an address, was delivered by Hon. B. M. Dickson.IMPORTANT NOTICE TO OWNERSOF DOGS.According -to a ruling of the Attorney General, the County Clerk canissue dog license at any time duringthe year they are applied for. Owners of dogs will save themselvestrouble and expense by applyingpromply. Evaders of the law will bepromptly prosecuted.?atFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSi LCLEARANCENOW GOING ON.-trv M!iVfcy.x Special Prices On " 'VSHEETS- SHEETING -BLANKETSCOTTON BATTSFor ComfortsExtfa Special PricesuKSUITSCOATSarid DRESSES"7REMNANTS OF ALL KINDS.:FRANK & CO.5.rLADIES' OUTFITTERSaAt a meeting of the Bourbon.County Tobacco Board of Trade thefollowing officers were elected toserve during the season of 1919-'2D:President J. M. Sturgeon, of theAmerican Tobacco Co.; secretary andtreasurer Jeff T. Denton; SalesCommittee Edward Burke, Dan W.Peed and Mr. Sandy, representingthe R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.At the same meeting, which washeld in the offices of the Paris saleswarehouse of the Bourbon TobaccoWarehouse Co., the following executive committee was selected Chas.C. Clarke, of the Independent Tobacco Warehouse Co., John T. Collins, of the Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Co., S. Kenney Nichols, representing the Liggett & Myers Tobacco Co., Jas. Glasgow, of the J. P.,Taylor Tobacco Co., and B. R. Leachof Tuck & Co. ,It has been officially announcedby Mr. Charles G Clarke, presidentof the New Independent TobaccoWarehouse Co., that as soon c as the11919 sales season has come to aclose the Copapany will begin theerection of a large new building, tobe known as the Independent Tobacco Warehouse No. 2. The pspposed structure will be 140 feet fac-inlr-onMain street and will extend adepth of 260 feet to the right-of-wayof the Frankfort & Cincinnati railway. The company has just closed adeal for the purchase of the propertysouth of the present warehouse, belonging to Mrs Ollie Hedges andMrs. Nippert. These houses will berazed to make way for the new warehouse. The sales of tobacco at the Bour-Wn Tobacco Warehouse Co.'s hous,eWednesday went another step farther toward smashing records forprices of the weed. With the markedimprovement in quality it seems thatthe prices are going higher, and thedemand well taken care of by thehandlers.The market opened at the Parishouse where the sale had been blocked the day before, and it was notlong until there was plenty doing.The highest basket at this houseregistered eighty-six cents, and thecrop average reached the figure pf$70.01. A crop lot of 2,390 poundsbelonging to Burris & See went un'der the hammer at those figures.When the sale finished at the Parishouse it was followed by the sale atthe Bourbon house. The total salesat the two houses was 303,355pounds, for a total of $122,640.85.and average of $40.42. Some of thebest crop averages follow: JBurris & See, 2,390 pounds, average $70.01,- , . &" Caywood & Pence, 8,200"potittttsraverage $44.50.Determan & Rankin, 4,170 pounds,average $51.94.. Hancock & Smith, 9,130 pounds,average $46.19.Collier & Mattox, 3,280 pounds,average $44.67.Jones & Butler, 5,565 pounds average $45.Caywood & Fletcher, 9,685 pounds,average $440.Clay & McKenna, 3,115 pounds, average $37.80.The unfinished sale at the Independent house for Monday was finished on-Puesday, when a total of206,980 pounds brought a totalmoney value of $82,680.43, a vflooraverage of $39.94. ,The Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCo.'s sale yesterday was another"corker" in the point of number ofpounds sold, money value, and highcrop averages. A total of 276,940pounds of tobacco was -sold( for amoney value of $119,493.41, a flooraverage of $43.14. The highest average of the day.'s sale was a crop ofIserriercr & Jones, comprising 2,705pounds, which brought an average of$70.02. Another high average wasa crop of 2,670 pounds consigned byBrennan. & Kissick, which broughtan average of $67-65. Some of thecrop averages follow rMcCray & Menifee, 3,680 pounds,average $56.45.Redmon & Brooks, 2,900average $59.96.Ernest Crouch, 6,251 pounds, average $33.11.Mrs. Ernest Crouch, 390 pounds,average $48.97. -- Woodford & Pollitt, 3,765 pounds,average $36.11.Redmon & Brooker, 3,260 pounds,average $56.31.Brophy & Owens, 6,635 pounds, av-lerage $50.30. xCraft & Boardman, 2,77U pounds,average $48.23.Bedford & Webb, 4,305 pounds, average $53.05.Buckner & Finch, ,4,035 pounds,average $56.36.Craft & Moreland, 5,820 pounds,average $32.42.Milton Adair, 945 pounds, average $40.48.J.W. Connell & Langfeller, 4,505pounds, average $56.91.Ash Gilkey, 5,790 pounds, averageon 72Judy & Wells, 3,040 pounds, average $38.72.Judy & See, 2,760 pounds, average$41.87. t ' aCaywood & Harding, 7,880 pounds,average $48.93.Plummer & McMillan, 6,665pounds, average $46.06. v 'Talbott & Hash, 4,730 pounds, average $42.26. ' ec AaFlanders & Carter, 3,855 pounds,average 39.84.Howard Collier, 2,420 pounds,, average $52.36.Stewart & S-napPjl,840 pounds,average $33.29.1. D. Thompson, 3,275 pounds, average $58.21. V4 ,G. H. Wilson, 3,705 -pounds, average $33.49. JPAEIS ITNAffCIAL INSTITUTIONSELECT 0IT1CEBS FOE 1919.One of the annual events in January of each year for the banks ofParis,, and one that is always anevent of interest, is the election-' ofofficers to conduct the business ofthe institutions during the year.This year there was but one changemade inbanking circles in the election of directors and officers for thebanks. This change was made inthe personnel"of the Board of Direc-Bank & Trust Co., when Mr. Jamesfp j Robert HUgh of Paris, ret. norfe-P f-tti rmmtv elected ceived a post card fropi her son, Pri-to succeed the late B. A. Frank.IN THE SERVICE OF THEIRCOUNTRY.Coleman Remcx, son of Mr. andMrs. B. M Renfck, of Paris, who hasbeen stationed in the service at CampKnox, has received his final dis-Jcnarge papers, and returned to thiscity.The following officers and directors will be in charge of the banks'affairs for the year 1919:Bourbon-Agricultural Bank andTrust Company John T. Collins,president; J. T. Hinton, vice president; Buckner Woodford, cashier;Thomas W. Allen, assistant cashier.Directors: J. T. Hinton, W. W. Hall,John Marston, Thomas H. Clay, Jr.,.N. Kriener, J. M. Caldwell, John T.Collins, W. H. McMillan and JamesL. Dodge.First National Bank W. W. Haley, president; M. R. Jacoby, vicepresident; James McClure, cashier;H. W. Mann, assistant cashier; WhiteVarden, Mrs. C. O. Hinton and D.C. Lisle, Jr., bookkeepers, and MissElizabeth E. Dean, stenographer.Board of directors: W. W. Haley,Clinton ville; M. R. Jacoby, Hutchison; unanes c. uiarKe, jNortrviviiadletown; H. A. Power, Paris, and E.J. Burris, Little Rock.People's Deposit Bank and TrustCompany Officers: S. E. Bedford,president; George W. Wilder, vicepresident; CrK. Thofmas, vice president and cashier; George L. Doyle,assistant cashier; W. T. Bryan, assistant cashier; W. S. Arnsparger,Miss Louise Kenney and Miss NellieFarrell, bookkeepers. Directors:Ed. Burke, J. W. Jacoby, EdwinBlake, E. H. Gorey, S. E. Bedford,Duncan Bell, Robert Meteer, E. M.Costello, C. K. Thomas, F. P. Campbell, George W. Wilder, H. S. Caywood and E. M. Dickson.Farmers' and Traders Bank Officers: Frank P. Kiser, president;S. L. Weathers, vice president; W. W.Mitchell,-cashier; John W. Yerkes,assistant cashier, and Dan W.eed,bookkeeper. Directors: Frank P.Kiser, J. D. McClintock, George K.Jones, M. Hume Payne, S. L. Weathers, Sam Houston, George W. Wyattand G. R. Burberry.vate Robert Hughes; announcing hissafe arrival on January 12,at New York from, overseas. Hugheswas a member of the 309th TrenchMortar Battery in the 84th Division,which landed in New York fromFrance. He will return to Paris ina few days.,Cornelius (Buddie) James leftyesterday for New London, Conn., toresume his station on the U. S. S.Remlick, on which he has been thepast vear. James has been spendinga seven-days' furlough in Paris, withhis mother, Mrs. Mollie James andother ..relatives. An interesting letter concerning "Buddie" written byfone of ms shipmates, is publishedin this issue of THE NEWS.PLAYFUL STRUGGLES FOR REVOLVER- MAY CAUSE DEATHvAs the result of a "playful" struggle for-the possession of a thirtyeight caliber revolver at their homein Ruckerville, about eleven'clockSunday night, Buss Cantrill, colored,a butcher in "the employ of H. Hf.Mulfinger, was perhaps fatally shotwnen the weapon, in the hands ofhis wife, was discharged.According to the story told by Cantrill's wife, they were playing withthe revolver, which neither supposedwas loaded. They had been pointingand snapping the weapon at eachother, when Mrs. Cantrill wrestiythe gun from her husband, pointedit at him and pulled the trigger.The weapon was discharged, the bullet striking Cantrill in. the centerof the forehead and passing entirelythrough. He fell to the floor unconscious, wnile his wife, horrified atthe consequences- of the playfulstruggle, gave the alarm, to whichneighbors responded. Medical aidwas summoned, and the woundedman given attention. Mrs. Cantrillwas not arrested. She claimed theshooting to have been purely acci-idental.Lieutenant and Mrs. Richard G.Huffman, have returned to Millersburg, from Post Field, at Fort Sill,Oklahoma, where Lieut. Huffmanhas been detained in the Field Artillery branch of the service. He wasgiven his final discharge papers afew days ago. Mrs. Huffman wasformerly Miss Louise" Myall, a daughter of the late Mr. and" Mrs. EdwardMyall, of Paris. "EdwinTaylor, a Paris boy who isstationed on the U. S. S. Texas, arrived here Wednesday on a furloughof fourteen days. He is a son ofMrs. Pearl M. Taylor, of Fergusonstreet. Aonther "salt" who has arrived for a furlough visit is W. O.Pennington, who is stationed on theU. S. S. Oklahoma. These ships arenow in harbor, having participatedin the big naval review heldat NewYork some days ago.KOTGHTS OE PYTHIAS ENTERTAIN WITHlSAErQUET."Voliowing the inftitiation of a number of candidates into the First Degree of Pythianism, Rathbone Lodgegave a banquet last night at theCrosdale Hotel, .which was attendedby the members and the newly-initiatedcandidiates. All han an enjoyable time.pounds,B-4 PI REInsure withW.O. HINTON &SON,Agts"Saiiorman" Ed. C. Doty, whoshook the dust of the city of Parisfrom off his shoes man7, v manymonths ago, and enlisted in UncleSam's big navy, is back home on afurlough of fifteen days, which hewill put in in enjoying life in the"old home town." Doty is stationedon the Uv S. S. Navy, which is oneof the classy ships in Uncle Sam'sservice. Doty has been across thebig waters several times; and has acquired all the gaits and virtues ofthe true "salty sailor."Private Stanley Dickson, of NorthMiddletown, who has been stationedin an Officers' Training Camp in theEast for several months, Jhas received his final discharge papers,and returned to his home. PrivateDickson is the only son of Mrs. AllieSpnith Dickson, and a grandson offormer County Judge , Henry C.Smith, of near North Middletown.He is a young man of exceptionalability, and was an earnest studentat college, receiving his A. B. degreeat Centre , College at Danville, andthe M. A. degree at Princeton University, where he graduated. He hadmade a fine record at the TrainingCamp, an'd would have received acommission soon.First Lieutenant Thos. M. Marks,of Base Hospital Unit No. 40, who isin Lexington on a sick leave, saidthat it was his opinion that the unit?would return, to this country to bmustered out of the service withinthree months.Base Hospital Unit No. 40, composed entirely of men from Lexington, Paris aid Central Kentucky,occupies a hospital building at Sarisbury Court, Hants, England,, andthis is the only hospital which wasbought by the United States government on English soil.Because of the fact that this siteis1 owned by the government, thisunit will be the last to Teturn tothis country. OtherifiepitaI rantedby the United States in " Englandwere closed on or before December15 by an order of the War Department and patients which coujd notbe sent home were transferred toHospital 40.(Continued on page 8.)Charles Leggett, 3,660 pounds, average $34.19.Leer & Stitt, 9,670 pounds, average ?51.87.Reffett & Day, 1,955 pounds, ..average $55.63.Wright & Woosley, 2,505 pounds,average $53.31. 'Brennan & Kissick, 2,670 pounds,average $67.65.A Reffett & Hicks,. 3,1 7 5 pounds,average $48.47.Snapp & Bryan, 3,410 pounds, average $39.49.Thompson & Morgan, 3,855pounds, average $51.01.A. J. Brammel, 2,730 pounds, average $58.57.Liggett & Tucker, 2,855 pounds,average $39.19.Caywood & Fletcher, 5,585 pounds,average $49.67.--Snell & Smith, 2,825 pounds, average $32.10.Mason & Smart, 3,155 pounds,average $31.47.Mrs. E. Fitzpatrick, 3,990 pounds,average $31.39.Isgrjgg & Jones, 2,705 pounds,average $70.02.'Cunningham & Mitchell, 1,395pounds, average $45.39.Cunningham & Carter, 1,135pounds, average $49.13. vLong & Fisher, 5,495 pounds, average $49.66. fHolt & Henderson, 4,840 pounds,average $39.77.W. I. Cantrl, 2,645 pounds, average $54.40.S. S. & A. A. Oldson, 2,770 pounds,average $49.85. - ;John'Taul, 1,838 pounds, average$65.20. ' 'Daniel Dawson, 3,260 pounds, average $62.14.Judy & JVIanley, 4,995 pounds, average $58.79.Gilkey & Pence, 3,1411 pounds, average $33.33.Wagner & Sons, 4,185 pounds,average $46.10.John Kemper,' 21? pounds average $49.58. - - SImball &' Martin, 665 pounds,average $38.96.Connell & Langfelt,-2,20 5 pounds,average $35,597J. S. Banta, 1,475 pounds, average$63.05.Collins & Bishop, 2,940 pounds,average $62.39.Arthur Leggett? 57325 pounds, average $30.69. f ,Clay & Tobin, 5,510 pmrnds, average $59.57. vJ. 5. Redmon, 2,840 pounds, average $46.08. -WE KNOW HOWVWINTERHAS JUST BEGUNs, And to be comfortable and warm you. mattthe right kind ol clothes. Our Suits and OrercoatsTyou will find tone excellent values for$30.00$35.00$40.00tAll wool garments that will stand the wear and tearthat winter time weateer brings on clothing wornoutdoors.SProtect Your FeetFrom Ice and SnowBy wearing Dr. Reed's Cushion Sole Shoes, madewith an invisible cork, sole that not only make Nyour feet feel comfortable, but keeps the dampness ,out and protects them from Hie cold.v$9.00 PER PAIRNettleton Fine Shoes in winter weights, calfskins and kids, $12.0O-per pair.MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE-t-i,lSt, -.. ";,'' "J. -wn .. . " . - v. Jt JlfftHv,s-rVTHE BOTOBON NEWS, PABIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, JANUARY 17, 1915.PAGE TWOJJE BOURBON NEWSBriablished 188137 Years of Continuous Publication&Wished Ereiy Tuesday and EridayPar Year. $2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Adavance.VWJLfcT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.gafetered at the Paris, Kentucky,Pcwtoffice as Mail Matter o theBeoond Class.)EDITORIAIKUSraGS.Independent of German PotashClose upon the heels of the particulars concerning the achievementsef America chepiists in putting ourown. national dyes "over the top,"comes frequent official assurances.tEaX "the' United States does notneed German potash." Secretary ofthe Interior, Franklin K. Iiane, saysthat when the war started, thiscountry having had nearly a quarterof a million tons of potash from Gerjmajty each year, found herself suddenly cut off from this importantfertilizer material. American scientists got busy and if was not longbefore potash was being obtainedfrom the brine lakes of California,Nebraska and other State; fromkelp, and ,from the seaweed of thePacific Coast, and frojm various minerals. The scarcity of potash hasboosted the price; and this new industry has been profitable.Strangely enough, in the veryhour when so much is being lookedfor from the Government, and atthe very moment when so many nimble-mindedpolitical gentlemen areforecasting the Utopia that is tocome with a socialistic form of government, we find that the two greatneeds of American industry, najmelydyes and potash, have recorded theirindustial achievement by the routeof private initiative. Just as thegreat transcontinental railroads werebuilt by American capitalists, to meetthe needs of a rapidly expanding population, and just as electric powerand waterways, and ten thousandfirst-class miracles in industry andbusiness were brought about by theinitiative of human beings seekingfame and fortune, so has the greatproblem with reference to potashbeen solved by American genius andenterprise.A Blind Man Could Tell!We wonder how many of ourreaders have noticed the differencebetween the man who has been married but a short time and one whohas been (married several years.You can always tell a young husband from an old one. When amanhas been married a few months youwill generally see him working inthe garden or fixing up about thehouse and while he works he whistles, or sings, or occasionally looksup toward the window to see if anyone is watching him. A year laterhe is still working in the garden,but the smile has been exchangedfor a frown and he occasionallylooks up toward the house wonderingwhy in thunder breakfast is notready . Another year rolls by and hislooks would sour milk, but he is stillat wrork, stopping occasionally tokick the dog or throw a brick at thecat. The next year, we find him sitting on the porch smoking a pipewhile his wife does the digging inthe garden. Now just watch ouryoung men, as one by one they arecaught in Cupid's net and see if thisrule does not work out the problemcorrectly.oBlighty which means home toBritish Tommies, comes from Belaitia Hindoo word meaning the seat ofgovernment.oCanada has learned that vocationaltraining reduces the disabled man'speriod of convalescence to a minimum.HOW MUCHWould You. GiveGermanyto Kncrw the PriceMust Pay?The next three months most likely will determine the terms to be imposed by theAllies for the four and more years of Hunnish Horror inflicted upon the world.For Only $1.40You can keep fully posted on-every day's developments of the great history-makingrParis Peace Conferenceby making a trial subscription for three months toThe Daily Courier-Journal"For Almost a Century The Great Morning Newspaper"MLLERSBURGMrs. M. B. Martin continuesabout the same. ""Miss McGuire, of Lexington,was the guest of Mrs. Louise Wood,Monday and Tuesday.Quite a number from here attended the Centenary meeting at theParis iMethodist Church, Wednesday. Regular meeting of AmityLodge No. 40, P. and A. M Tuesday, at 7:30 p. m. All membersurged to be present.Mr. O. M. Johnson, while stepping over a wire fence on his farmMonday, severely sprained one ankle,and has since been confined to hishome.Lieut, and Mrs. Richard Huffman arrived from Camp Sill, Okla.,Tuesday. Lieut. Huffman has beenmustered out of the service, and atpresent they are at the home of hismother, Mrs. Mary L. Huffman.Rev. J. M. Helm, of Parkersburg,W. Va., will preach at the Christianchurch Sunday morning and evening, January 26, and every nightduring the week thereafter. The public is cordially invited to attendthese services.Mrs. E. T. Beeding and son,Mr. Waddell Beeding, left Tuesdayfor Jacksonville, Fla,, where theywill join their husband and father,Mr. E. T. Beeding. Mr. WaddellBeeding has accepted a position asbookkeeper in a merchantile establishment in that city.Mrs. Fannie Morris and Mr.Bess Mastin were quietly united inmarriage at Paris, Wednesday afternoon. It is the second matrimonialventure for the bride, and the thirdfor the groom. Mrs. Morris is themother of two children, her eldestson being about seventeen years ofage. Mr. Mastin is the father offour children, three daughters andone son. All are quite young. Mr.Mastin is in the employ of Mr. D. E.Clarke.oRELIGIOUS.Mr. Rupert Blue, Surgeon General of the Public Health Service, hasasked the clergymen of the countryto set aside Febreuary 9 as HealthSunday to preach sermons emphasizing the responsibility of the nationto protect returning soldiers andsaliors and help combat social diseases. At the instance of the Commission of the Protestant EpiscopalChurch on the World Conference onFaith and Order, the protestantchurches of the world are asked toobserve the week beginning Sunday,January 19, as a world-wide week ofprayer. The object of this specialweek of prayer is to secure the prayers, both public and private, of Christian unity of all denominations.Every Methodist pastor, and the"live wire" key man of each churchwithin Ohio, Southern Indiana andKentucky, are expected to attend theCentenary Convention of the Cincinnati area, at Memorial Hall, Columbus, O., January 22; 23 and 24. Thegathering will be one of the greatest,if not the greatest, meeting of Methodists ever held within this area.The church has set out to securepledges of ?80, 000,000 to be paidwithin the .next five years, to carryon extensive work at home andabroad. Conditions created by theworld war have been taken intocareful account in the program."But the deepest significance of theCentenary goes far beyond the raising of a great sum of money," say itsleaders. fLOST.On Main street, between Tenth,and the Fair Store, Saturday afternoon, a bracelet watch. Finder willbe suitably rewarded by returning tothis office. (adr)FOUNDOn Tenth street, a rubber boot(left) with wool-lined moccasin inside. Owner can secure same by calling at Wilmoth & Co.'s groceryproving property, and payingcharges. (20-tf)Unrivaled Foreign News supplied by.Arthur B. Krock, staff correspondent in Paris; The New York Timescable and wireless service; Associated Press night and day cables.News of every description reportedthrough Associated Press and anarmy of special correspondents inevery important national and Statenews center.National and State Politics by Courier-JournalBureau staff correspondents at Washington andFrankfort and special representatives at Indianapolis and Nashville.Unsurpassed Editorials, Markets,Sports, Society and features , forevery member of the family everything a dependable, progressive,satisfying daily newspaper shouldprint.Cascarets WorkWhile You SleepNo headache, biliousness, upset stomach on constipation tomorrowSpend 10 cents feel grand. Tonight take Cascarets to liven yourliver and clean your bowels. Stopthe headaches, bilious spells, sourness,, gases, coated tongue, badbreath, sallowness and constipation.Take Cascarets and enjoy the nicest,gentlest "inside cleansing" you everexperienced. Wake up feeling fine.Cascarets is best cathartic for children. Tastes like candy. No disappointment! Thirty million boxes ofthis harmless, fajmous cathartic aresold each year now. (adv)tREAD THE DAILY COURIER - JOURNALThere is a Courier-Journal agent in your town. Give him your order NOW, or use the coupon below fof.a special 3-months' trial daily subscription at $1.40 to any point in Kentucky or to pointswithin 150 miles of Louisville, in Indiana, Tennessee and other States (first and second postalzones.);, A free sample copy will be mailed on request.If the Courier Journal is wanted for more than three months, change the subscription blank belowor give ycrar order to The Courier-Journal agent. If any evening paper is preferred, substitute TheLouisville Times for The Daily Courier-Journal at the same price. A gThe Courier-Journal has rearranged its mail service so papers w3I reach distribution points for delivetyrto points on practically all H. F. D. routes the morning of publication.rxMAIL SUBSCRIPTION BATES :TRIAL ORDER BLANKTHE COURIER-JOURNAL, -MLouisville, Ky. Date 1919.Send The Daily Courier-Journal for three (3) months,under your trial subscription offer to: ifameStreet orR. F. D.IiNo.O StateAlso send Sunday Courier-Journal.(If Sunday paper is not wanted mark out line above.),pemittance enclosed for $MILY C0UBIER JOUKNAL:Year. 6 Mo. 3 Mo.Kentucky and first andsecond zones $5.00 $2.60 $1.40DAILY AND SUNDAY:Kentucky and first and andsecond zones $7.5$ $3.90 $2.00Urst and second zones prices applyto all subscriptions in Kentucky andwitjiin a radius of 150 miles of thecity of Louisville in other States ;prices for third to eighth zones areslightly higher.TZgJ5B3t;iCOATWEEKLadies', Misses andChildren's1-3 to 1-2USec Widowplays.OFFDis-Twin Bros.Department StoreMain and 7th Paris, Ky.Tn- Wm-d4 MilWMCONSTIPATION AND INDIGESTION"I have used Chamberlain's Tablets and must say they are the hostI have ever used for constipationand indigestion. My wife also utedthem for indigestion and they didher good," writes Eugene S. Knight,Wilmington, N. C. Obtainable everywhere.(jan-adv)oI can remember when people didnot think of advancing any otherexcuse for going down town NewYear's Eve except a desire to listento the chimes of Old Trinity.WOMEN OP SEDENTERY HABITSWomen who get little exercise erelikely to be troubled with constipation and indigestion and will findChamberlain's Tablets highly beneficial. Not so good as a three or fourmile walk every day, but very muchbetter than to allow the bowels toremain in a constipated condition.They are easy and pleasant to takeand most agreeable in effect. Obtainable everywhere.(jan-adv)Lost Reward.On the streets of Paris, a smallCoral Dress Pin. Finder leave at theParis Book Store and receive reward. (14-3t)Furs and HidesWe pay highest prices for ironhides, junk and wool.MUNICH & WIDES & CO.,Eighth St., Paris, Ky.,Cumb. Phone 374.(23-tf)To ParentsYou rush your child to the dentist when he has a toothache. Mostof you don't wait for actual trouble,but bank on regular examination andcare to prevent it.But how about your son's anddaughter's eyes? Are they perfect?Are you sure they are not handicapped because of faulty vision?The general health and work inschool of almost nine out of tenchildren can be improved 50 percent, by properly fitted glasses.Let us examine your child's eye3.No guess work we know how.Dr. Wm. Riley FranklinSuite 205-6 First National Bank,Both Phones, Paris, Ky.WANTED!At Highest Market Price,Strictly First ClassButtermilkEggsButterand PoultryThe BusyCash Store.janl4-4t) ,ATTENTIONAll 1918 accounts are now due.Those owing me are requested toplease call and settle at ONCE. Thoseaccounts not settled ipnmediately willbe placed in the hands of an attorneyfor collection.(14-3t) J. ELVOVE.FOR RENT.Store room, fronting on Mainstreet in Masonic Temple.Single room, second floor, runningwater, elevator acommodations, foroffice use or living apartpient.0. T. HIHT0N,Agt., Masonic Temple.REMOVALNOTICECowsFor Sale!I have 3 extra fine heavy Jerseyspringers, second calf, one wilt befresh at once, for sale.If not sold privately, will sellpublicly on Saturday at the LowerLivery Stable.If you want a good cow, this isyour chance.(14-2t) FRANK P. COLLIER.On and After January 15th MyStore Location Will Be622 S. Main StreetBetween Baldwin Bros, andChas. Monson's Grocery.This room is much bettersuited to my business and moreconvenient to my trade.A NEW STOCKWill Be Addedand I will be much better prepared to wait on my increasingbusiness.Your patronage will be appreciated. DR. 0. L. FRYEJEWELER AID)(janl0-4t) 'OPTOMETRIST.Public Sale of 75 Acres ofFine Suburban Unimproved LandSATURDAY, JANUARY 18, 1919, AT 2 O'CLOCK P. M.We will sell at public auction, at the Court House door. 75 acres of land on the Maysville pike, one-fourth mile from the city limits of Paris, and adjoining the William and LouTaylor lind3rThis farni is good, deep soil, with lots of tobacco land. Twenty-five acres now in bluegrass and about fifty acres now in timothy. There is an ideal building site on the Mays-vilje pike, and the neighborhood is the very best No tobacco was ever grown on this land.Plenty of good water never failing spring that furnishes good water at all times.TERMS Easy and will be made known on day of sale. . .For particulars, apply to the undersigned. -"HARRIS & SPEAKES,GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer GEORGE R. BELLAgentsL. D. HARRIS, ManagerxrV1 vfc FRIDAY; JANUARY 17 1919.- " r-vi fflr ;rW ""?$TEE BOTOBOH IEWS, PAH1S, UHNKIUr?MB.5V115ie,a. JWhI SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.t- jIIIIIILETTERS FROM BOURBON COUNTYSOLDIERS AND SAILORSiviiviMrs. Mollie James, of this city, i sons who had come of their own voreoeived the following letter Wed- i lition to give up, and as they antinesday from George D. Boyette, of ! cipated, to get into some great feast,TViTiriYva TGMa trrTin WHS 5J. shiTITn.t. Vf 1 t.Tin.t. fhotr ciinnnonil W. I -T, l n...3j.cuujto,, aw, ,.w ,.- mt -... v, uui,FUacu. liugux ire DLflCOU.her son. Cornelius (Buddie) James,on. the transport Covington, whichwas torpedoed "by a German submarine: JX "U. S. S. Wainwright,w "Boston, Mass., Jan. 12."Dear Mrs. James: No doubt youwill be surprised to hear from meand I guess you are wondering who Iam. Well, I am a friend of yourson, Cornelius. We have been, together ever since we have been inthe navy until the U. S. S. Covington, was torpedoed and sunk by theGermans. Then, he was transferredto the U. S. S. Remlik, and I went tothe U. S. S. Wainright, which is oneof our destroyers. The Remlik,which is the ship your son is on, isa converted yacht. He left Brest,France, on. Dec. 6, 1918, and we lefton Dec. 21, all homewara-oouna."James, or 'Jimmie,' as I calledhim, gave me your address, so thatif I lost track of him, I could writeto you and get his address. I thinkthat he went to New York, but Idon't know his address, so pleasesend it to me, will you? I thinkthe world of 'Jimmie and he ratherlikes me, too. It seems funny thattwo fellows should like each otherso touch, but we have been togetherever sin.ce we jumeu wc utj.was in my gun crew, andI can say with a clear conscience that he was the fastest andbest gun-pointer on any of UncleSam's transports. He was the pickof the Covington's crew because weall felt safe when he took his station at the gun. I was gun captainof the crew that he was in, and Iknow just what I am talking about.waw tvttr lames. 1 woum n.efor the Trisnnfrs nf fho. aorman floobut were all taken back to Germanywxiuvuk iiaiug icvetveu a xuursei oifood.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Miss Jessie Haley has returnedafter an extended visit to her grandmother, in Ohio.Supt. of County Schools J. B.Caywood has returned from a business trip to Louisville.Mr. Ned Trabue, of Missouri, isa guest at the home of Mr. and Mrs.Walker Kiser, at Kiserton.Mrs. John H. Doty is aenest of her sister. Mrs. Mattie Ken-ney, at Headquarters, in Nicholascounty. ,-hTr-o n'ho'rioc' "Prusnor left. Wednesday for Galveston, Texas, to bea"Yonn? "Evenmn.n tph wltTi hiftship when it acted as one of the con- .iefit of her parents. Mr. and Mrs. I.voys for the President from England gauser.to .rest, irrance, a rew weeks ago,and witnessed all of the great demonstrations given the Chief Magistrate of our .nation,"He had the rare opportunity ofbeing with his ship in many parts ofthe world during the last eighteenmonths, including Russia, Norwayand Sweden, Holland, England, Scotland, Ireland, Wales and France, besides many other countries."Mr. Everman will return to hispost of duty early next week andwill go with his ship to Southernwaters around South America untilspring, when he anticipates beingsent with the fleet around the world."He has greatly enjoyed meetinghis many friends in Corbin, where hespent about three years previous togoing into the war as a clerk in different places in the round-house inthe employ of the L. & N. R. R."His knowledge of the great naval forces of the Allies is truly interesting to those who enjoy the powerof our country among the other nations of the earth."Mrs. Delia Ramsey, a well-knowncolored woman of this city, has received a letter frojm her nephew,Humes Burnsides, who formerly resided in Paris, and is now a memberof v the American ExpeditionaryForces in France. Writing fromParis, France, Burnside's letter readsas follows:for vou to have this letter printed in "American Military Hospital, No. 1tX1. "" ,,ior TinnAr in Paris, so "Paris, France.ie.JTrmiP rim. see what kind U "My Dear Aunt I take great1 J . . 1 I., 4-lir efvr Iof worthv men we uave m m .vice. I would appreciate it verymuch if Tould to ttte gnednritvi mv name, emu. cu.-.'Jimmie. - Tf llrtand me a copy of tne papei. xi cis in New York I will go by and seeMm on my way home, as I will get afourteen-days' furlough on the 2 4thof January. I am in Boston Mass.,now. We expect to go to Cuba mabout a month or so. Please sendme 'Jimmie'e' address I will J loseby wishing you the best of healthand enjoyment."Very Sincerely, m"GEORGE D. BOYETTE,p g. My home is in Tampa,Florida."Sheriff Will G. McClintock, acnmriTTiierl hv Mrs. McClintock, leftWednesday for a business trip to Atlanta, Ga.Mr. H. C. McDowell has returned to his home in Dayton, Ohio, after a visit to Mr. and Mrs. James R.Stivers, on High streetsMrs. John S. Sweeney has returnedvfrom a visit to her daughter,Mrs. Geo. S. Hamilton, and Mr.Hamilton, in Two Rivers, Wiscon-sin.Mrs Walter Whittaker andnephew, Marvin Green, Jr., have returned to their home in Cynthianaafter a visit to Mr. and Mrs. JohnMr. and Mrs. Henry Terrill andMiss Sena Rion, of this city, attendeda dance given in Winchester by Mr.and Mrs. William Cundiff, Tuesdayevening.Mrs. E. B. Hedges has reiurneafrom Huntington, West Virginia,where she has been several weeks asa guest of her daughter, Mrs. bamueiBiggs, and Mr. Biggs, and family.Mrs. Belle Adair has returnedfrom a visit to her brother, Mr.Omar Dodson, who has been ill athis home in Maysville. She was accompanied by her daughter, Mrs. J.T. TTnrton-Miss Ruth Soper, who was recently selected to succeed Mrs. JohnDuvall as bookkeeper for the ParisGas & Electric Co., assumed her newduties in the office of the companyAnna Washington oia,-BEGINNING TOMORROwl3 v (SATURDAY, JANUARY 18th) ' BI RI We Will Offer You Absolute Choice of Any flWOMEN'S BLACK BUTTON BOOTS gin our store for$2.50JPER PAIRThese boots come in Patent Leather with Kid and CI ot Topsand are worth from $4.00 to $7.00 per pair;Also About 75 Pairs ofWOMEN'S LACE BOOTS FORThe Times, puhlished at Corhin,?o o-n interesting: story re-garding James Everman, son of JUrs.J. A. Gilkey, or -aris, wu - "TT S Navy.stationed on the battleshin " Texas. Young Everman hasSt returned to his aUP.afta:spending his furlough in visitingrelatives in Paris and North Middletown. The Times says:"James H. Everman, member ofthe battleship Texas is Jing thefamilies of his uncles, S. H. KasnandR G. Bishop. The great expeneanLRof young.E.erin.n in the recent-world war woum maae u. mwv-to?L was present at the surrender of the Geman Highseas Fleet cmthe 21st day of vember at MayTland near the Firth of r"'Sd He is the only one knownto tta writer from this part of thetate of Kentucky who. was presenton that memorable occasionShinto SaSSiS wtxitTITtcPleasure in writing to you, because" I k '-r, np ninv Jr.. and herhaven't had the opportunity of doing i.thr Mra George Washington,so before. I have been in the waiMnave taken board -f or the remainderhave sone over the top, and havel f fn wl-ntr at the Hotel Windsor.been wounded, though only slightly. Ir R p stivers, who has beenThe doctors took twelve stitcnes to lnatPi : Covington for the past sixmonths, has returned to Paris to reside. Mr. .Stivers is a vaiuea employ of the L. & N. ana win m uiefuture have a run out of Pans, toCorbin. . 4 ,,-Mr J. H. Sparks, of Weston, Mo.,is a guest of relatives and friends inthis city. Mr. Sparks is in the to-hfl..cn business, in the Buriey district of Missouri. He som a iuysome time ago of two and one-halfacres, which brought him forty centsper pound. a uMiss Helen Dennis, who hasbeen a guest of Mr. and Mrs. C. L.Steenbergen and family, has returned, -hnmo in aiohe. Arizona. SheCU iACi. "" " ' .close my wound, and at this writingI am getting along just fine. I wantto come back just as soon as possible, as indeed, do all the others Ihave heard talk about God's country.The hospital I am in is a verylarge one, and occupies about fourbig city squares. I have had somej?nnd times and also some terribleones. . . .What I have seen wouldmake a book if I could write it, butI will try to tell some of them whenI come back Well, I hope everybody, including yourself, had amerry Christmas and that theywillhave a cheerful New Year.... Ihaven't seen anybody from good oldhome since I left Chateau-Thierry$5.00PER PAIREormerly sold at $7.50 to $12.00. Naturally, you will notfind all sizes in any one model, but most all sizes in the lot.rt,vm-n?Tiipri hv Mrs. Steenber-.c miv. nmmiinitinii ritimn . ! . v. t-j. HCSr.r. T?iinrKi ATTnnum. uixx uuui""u" n gjja aaugnusi, mio Ai,ThnsA aermnans have some srood am- , v in -will snend the re-munition. We havefif teen or twenty lmainder of the winter there.No refunds, none sent on approval, none sent C. 0. D., no exchanges. All sales are finalHARRY LINVILLENippert Block, Main St.iamtttoWirMfrii)iwGeo. McWilliams' Old Stand1diimiis of German ammunition overhere. ... -We are getting along fineand I have made a good soldier outof myself. I have been in every littleplace in France, I think. I. havenever been sick since I came - toPrance across the ocean, -but-1 didget very sick on the ship . comingnwr t e-nt sick from the fourteendays' ride I have been on a Redrvr and Mrs. Miius u. vuim.who have been spending a part oftheir honeymoon in Paris, with thebride's father, Dr. W. C. Ussery, andother relatives, have gone tucinnati to visit Mrs. Dunn's sister,Mrs W. A. Clarke, and Mr. Clarke.They will return to their home in.Tnisville the latter part of thisdays' ride I have been on a tea weeCross Military Hospital boat.- Some ('other Personals on Page 5)class to that ship, too, I'll tell you othat Believe (me, I will De axlimnA sonn. I hone, and will havenmA nir.A clothes and some money1 have seen enough of the world andof battles to last me for a longwhile."Sincerely, Your Nephew,"HUMES BUPvNSIDB.-"Carl Mitchell, of Paris,, who was.,.. nnnntr frionrl Clarence Snod-grass says he steers clear of all girls.i -wa inTk flnerR as nets and hisslogan is "Lips that touch poodlesshall never wui uv..EDW. BTTRKK. Pxesident.H. S. CAYWOOD. Vioe-Presideat. JOHN T. COIIINS. lfanteer.Edw. BurkeSam ClavJas. M. CaldwellBobt. E. BeattyLuther StiversC. D. WilsonDIRECTORSJ. L. DentonW. M. EodcersA. B. Hancock .Jno. T. CollinsS. B. BuxrisA. L. Stephenson.H. S. CaywoodTHEBOURBONoCfXl3riSsh Grand Fleet. The recently to for a visit to" relatives,Lon-JiL iT c: VZ.ta those who areacintedwrth" the United StatesNavy is the-(most efficient vessel ofits Wnd in the world and is the bestIgnored, nd has the great distinction of having the finest gunners to2S ttegnS of any ship on earth,and one of these was young Ever-""The day of the surrender and itsscenes when the great German fleetSad to sail out before the invincible,conqutrlble and incompaaWnT.ri "Pleet. composed of the tmspresent couia iuiiy -opportunity to appreateerf that eueDe and bearingsits effects,- m0 'Sf- Ture for thepeoples of this eartn u tvildered in atsemPw"& " - ""'f 4 could Picture on thfacethe rSSS2Slt ' wSi unlimberedgreat German fleet, w d nsteaminglowly betwe l w?dreadaasghte jpJSitor thesela tt hadheenjwwea iGrand FT tV with bandsquish Any- eoner5, &playins, the '$gB i eSthiondtring ?iScawHSf alish, unspeablyS.? bnShoS SMDwrto to all who,XlSi .benefited byitCnVin the yars to iohow. -CAHAL BROS.BABBER SHOPand who returned a few days ago 'toi,?a chin the South Carlonia; Btationed at Norfolk, Va., writes THJJNEWS as follows:"U. S. S. South Carolina,"January 12, 1919.r"Dear NEWS: Well, as I amback on board the ship and breath-ing the saity air uutc mwi, "wringing the salt out of my socks, Ifeel like one of uncle bams reaigobs' once more. Now that the waris over, or at least the armistice hasbeen signed, we are allowed to writea little more than formerly. . ."We are now in the NorfoiK wavyYard, and I want to tell you matflnie tnnm nf TSTorfOlK. VO.. UaS XUCIUall beat when it comes to the highcost of living. I went into a restaurant and ordered a slice of pump-,kin pie. It was only twenty centsfor a small piece, and the pumpkin'looked as if it had been painted pnwith, a brush. .You don't see anyTthing like that in the good old aiuer,e An vnn? You can have all theEastern towns you want, but giYQme good old Paris all tne time. outlet me gaze on the waters of StonerCreek and do my sailing in a rowhoat. , ,t fhinVwe are .doomed to goacross the b'ig 'pond' and bring backv i Mnr 'Hnnrfihovs.' for they arethe only ones' who are getting discharged now, ana i wuul" WJsome lucky to get pnine. They sayhorsehoes are lucky, but I dontthink so, for I have both pockets fullof them, and they have given.mo noluckSb far. 4'"Haye you heard of Ed. Doty, orany o;the other scouts yet?r Iup--;WCfpplreal S-A-IrT-rT now,. -"? i 1.nAn anrnuB flip TVVTldand beeif over here some time. .Well,I havevabout run out of maUri, scWarehouse(Incorporated)Prompt and Courteous Attention tomatrons.HOT AND COLD BATHSBRIGHTER-EVENiNi&Zf JwM itjf, r aNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, -or" maks life moreworth living; than a well illuminated house.useSlectricityfor CablingIt's the only satisfactory way.sTotal Sales to Christmas 164,415 lbs. . Average $30.97Sale December 30th, 306,000 lbs. . Average $37.75Sale December 31st, 267,000 lbs. . . Average $34.66Sale Jan. 8th, 183,115 lbs. ..... Average $37.07Sale Jan. 13th, 298,840 lbs. . . . . . Average $40.20We Advised You to Wait. Did it Pay?-C" TVtjkR-s$;NMXT :'SALMI haverabout run out ui mpc, -willclose for the present, rrf myj--'- n tiia hnvR Mo -witn mygSliifas to ilf'THlf nwWW -yourself, J m , ,M ,, " X,"I OUr oallj rnwiu,"OABIi DMTTCHBLIi,"Carl D. Mitchellrr g a smith. Carolina. f? 2 -iT. carried on one .tn' ' p . . Fortress Monroe, Va.,Tftore thaa two thousand per- j .er."'asTViifi .7 .i...fvr,fcw m 'Jew ""19MaWKiRBIt's the only sensible, plan.litWfik Job VpFw tkt Uie ti BothElectricity ni Gas.nTO- DA YS- ,&$"J3..MffffMHIParis Gas & Electric Co.(IaewrbexsMl)flie Bourftftii Macco Waretfoase Go.- (ImaiiMntMi)PARIS, KENTUCKY-.ss-The Biggest Event of the Season Will BeWALSH'SVml H -BrBiltII 1P$illlH I h JjlJ! I -- 'CLEARANCEof High Grade Clothing, Hats, Caps, Sweaters,Odd Pants,GlovesforMen,Young Men and BoysAT CUT PRICES!Sale Starts Saturday, January 18th, at 8 O'clockAnd Lasts Ten Days.filTlllllyou.T has been our custom every January to giveva Clearance Sale, and right now when there is a demand for good merchandise at lower prices we are going to give our annual January Sale.Backward season with too much merchandise left on hand has forced us to resort to sale pricesand we are going to dispose of our present stock at figures that will be of great advantage toTo the people of Paris, Bourbon and surrounding counties this is the best chance you will havethis season to buy high class merchandise at cut prices. We bought far in advance of the season, andwhat we have to offer in this sale is far better than we can buy to-day at the same prices. It's a goodtime to buy for present and future needs. Offering such merchandise asHart Schaffner & Marx and Kirschbaum Clothing for Men,H. Kuhn & Sons Clothing for Boys,Stetson, Knox and Crofutt & Knapp Hats,and High Grade Furnishingsis out of the ordinary at such prices and should be welcomed by the money-saving public. Stop andthink what it means. You can't afford to let it pass. Our loss will be your gain. Come, .bring yourfriends and see what remarkable values we have to offer you. Everything is marked in plain figures,the regular prices are left on; so you can see you are getting exactly as we represent. This sale isbacked up by our reputation as an honest merchandising concern. Come early; we await you, friends,with the biggest selling event of the season.READ OVER THE PRICES AND SEE THEREMARKABLE VALUES WE HAVE TO OFFER-j"SALICopyristt X9I8 Hart fVhafftKT & MaxxSCftwrljht 1318T Hou-.j KnppenheicerMEN'S AND YOUNG .MEN'S SUITS$45.00 Suits Cut to $40.0042.50 Suits Cut to v -. . . 37.5040.00 Suits Cut to - .. 35.0037.50 Suits Cut to . . ...' 32.50p35.00vSuits Cut to -- . . 30.002.50 Suits Cut to ....'. .j . ... ... . . :27.5030.00Suits Cut to .. .'. .' '. . 25.00- 2J. 50 Suits Cut to 22.5025.00 Suits Cut to ..:. -. 20.0022.50 Suits Cut to . . v . . , . . .f . . .17;50jLoo Suits Cut to 16.50;4ig.00 Suits Cut to 1450'15.00 Suite Cut to 11.50" .50 Suits Cut to . . 9.503 . . .,3T-T-J : -MEN'S AND YOUNG MEN'S OVERCOATS$5"0.00 Overcoats Cut to $45.0045.00 Overcoats Out to 40.0042.50 Overcoats Cut to . . . . . . . . 37.504.0.00 Overcoats Cut to , 35.00.50-Overcoats Cat to . .' .' 32.50i$1j.00 Overcoats tCutto .!.,. ... .,' 30.00,3.50 Overcoats Cut to . 27.50&ji,00 Overcoats Cut to ,.'.. 25.002t.50 Overcoats Cut to , 22.50J;O0 Overcoats Cut to , ,, 20.00'.'59 Overcoats Cut to . , .. , . . . . - 17.50 "2ii.00 .Overcoats Cut to .' 16.50"&MEN'S RAINCOATS?200 fla-iucoats Cut to $26.00;0-0 Raincoats Cut to 16.50lfg.00 KaiaooatsCut to f 11.504.50 Raincoats Cut to - ,9.50O&00 Raincoats Cut to .J ; . 7.95-KiBOYS' SUITS,$15.00 Suits Cut to '., $11.5012.50 Suits Cut to 9.5010.00 Suits Cut to 1 7.95'8.50 Suits Cut to . . . .- .' 6.957.50 Suits Cut to ". . . . ) . 5,956.50 Suits Cut to 495.: 5.00 Suits Cut to 3.95BOYS' OVERCOATS$18.00 Overcoats Cut to $14.5015.00 Overcqats Cut to . . . , 1150JL2.50 Overcoats Cut to .. 9.'50-10.00 Overcoats Cut to 7.958.50 Overcoats Cut to 6.956.50 Overcoats Cut to 4.95- . .MEN'S MACKWAWS' '"' U8.00' Macitf&wCiit to ' '- "$i4.5015.00 Mackinaws Cut to 11.5012.00 Mackinaws Cut to 9,5010.0P Mackinaws Cut to ..- , 795BOYS' MACRIKrAWS ';' $12.50 Mackinaws Cut to . . .. .r..$9.501050 Mackinaws Cut to..... r .7.958.50 Mackinaws Cut to . . .". . . . . 6.95MEN'S 0BD PANTS$7.50 Pants Cut to v $5.756.00 Pants Cut to ." .. 4.755.00 P'ants Cut to '.., 3.95.4.00 Pants Cut tb ..... . ..v 2.953.00 Pants Cut to . 2.25VJ.BOYS' SWEATERS$2.50 Sweaters Cut to2.00 Sweaters .Cut to ....... v1'.50 Sweaters :Cut to ... . ".-. r$1.95r. 1.501.15MEN'S HATS$10.00 Hats Cut to . . ., $7.757.50 Hats Cut to. . 5756.00 Hats Cut to . . .5.00 Hats Cut to .- . .-"4.95y 3.95. 4.50 Hats Cut to . : 3.75P' 4. 00 Hats Cut to -..-.. :'. . . . . .. 3.25y- 3.50 Hats Cut to r. . . . 2.95.. 3.00 Hat Cut to ' ' 225' '2.50 Hat Cut to . ., 195. 2.00 Hat Cut to . ." . . .' 1.5Q; 'I ., ' MEN'S ANB BOYS' CAPS ; ' ;'";$2.50 Caps Cut to . . . : . . .-. -5. .- r.. . .$1.95','2.00 Caps Cut to J;50"1.50 Caps Cut to . . " x.15.1.00 Caps Cut to ...... ..j, ..,. . I . . . .89,'Ji .75 Caps Cut to .'. . . . . .-'.; . . '- . .65''. .50 Caps Cut to .. m .38.y MEN'S SWEATERS$12.50 Sweaters Cut to ..... '. $9.50.- 10.00 Sweaters Cut; to :'. ...... . .; :"; 7.5 ',8.50 Sweaters Cut to .V .. .'. .... 6.95'. 7.50 Sweaters Cut to .. ..,.."".. .. 595, , . 6.1)0 Sweaters Cut to . . . '.;. .'V.t. 41,95",5.00 Sweaters Cut to . . .... . . , '. 3.75' 1 4.00 Sweaters Cut to 3.25." 3.50 Sweaters Cut to 2.95$2.50-2.001.50."1.00:'-, BOYSVKNEE PANTS l- ..Pants Cut to .... . . '. . T. v. .$L95'Pants Cut to '.. . . . ' 1 48Pants Cut to ! . ..'.. i . . . . ll5Pants Cut to . . : . ' ' . . .89BOYS' RAINCOATS$4.00 Raincoats Cut to .'$2.95MEN'S BATH ROBES.$10.00 Bath. Robes Cut to S7.958.50 Bath Robes Cut to 6.957.50 Bath Robes Cut to 5.95. 6.50 Bath Robes Cut to 4.95MEN'S ANB BOYS' -GLOVES$5.00xGloves Cut to ..3.00 Gloves Cut to ...2.50 Gloves Cut to .2.00 Gloves Cut to ..1:50 Gloves Cut to ". .- ,1' '43.95,2.25.1.951.501.15r- :i.MEN'S ANB BOYS MITTENS .7$2.50 Mittens Cut to . , . . . .. . ,t . .$1952.00 Mittens Cut to . ."" . . . . . . . .-.- 15Q1.50 Mittens Cut to . . . .. ..-.'. .'. 1.151.25 Mittens Cut to . j . . . . z. .. .98 '1.00 Mittens Cut to . j . . " cq..55.75 Mittens Cut to.50 Mittens Cut toj iSUIT CASES ANB GRIPS$20.00 Suit Cases and BagsCut to. . .18.00 Suit Cases and Bags. Cut to .v. ,JL6.50 Suit Cases and Bags Cut to. .;. 15700 Suit Gases and Bags Cut to. . .12.f50 Suit Cases and Eags-Cut to-..7.50 Suit Cases and Bags Cut to. Ti "2.00 Suit Cases and Bags Cut to. .$1650.14.50-I3.50-. :11.559.505.98- 1.48 -SMOKING JACKETS$7.50 Smoking Jackets 'Cut to ..6.50 Smoking Jackets Cut to . .$5.95-4.B5EJvery thing CastL Noticing Charged " ; :: NotBingSerit on Approval;, Everything guaranteed. Our reputation for selling only the highest grade merchandise and standing, Back of .everything we sell is an absolute guarantee ofJ.r -.? - T 1.1- : 1 it VI L I 11 1 . J ' e- k '.. - . - ' -Li ' . r 1 ' ' . - . ' .saBsfactionword wilion to you. Truth in advertising. Those who have followed, our advertising for the past year'khow that Walsh never exaggerates, but backs up every printed,itn goods exactly as represented. Every price is honestly reduced, every promise; will be kept . Jx?,vPyMain and Seventh Streetsk s K s h flHl. msj smB:PARIS, KY.JLNew Store for Men and Boys'' r i', 1JfI.Irr1fc:.".. -tL"Vat-K ::'t ." . '- ty---FRIDAY JANUARY 1.7, 1919.1THE BOTOBON KEWS - PA1B5, rEHTUCXY?-PAGE KfSswiifC'jsFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEHIGH QUALITY SEEDS.Highest quality Red Clover,Atsike, Timothy, Seed Oats.Cottonseed Meal.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(janl7-2t)N. 0.MOLASSES ANDSOBGHUHCOUNTHYGenuine New Orleans molasses andgood country sorghum.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.oLAJJIES READ.Special prices on women's blackbutton boots and lace boots are advertised at greatly reduced prices inHarry Linville's big advertisement"on page 2. Read it over and profitthereby. Sale starts to-morrow.SOCIAL A20D PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mr. and Mrs. Duncan Bell leftyesterday for Florida, to spend theremaining months of the winter.Mr. James Engleman, of the A.J. Winters Co., was a business visitorm Cincinnati, Thursday and to-day.Mrs. Mary Ireland Davis has returned from a visit of severalweeks, to her, daughter, Mrs. OffuttBoardman, in Chicago.Mr. and Mrs. A. S. ThompsonSJ " weeks with Mr. m L?Zmis. vx. vj. rnompson, Jr.Mrs. Rosa Buckner has leasedher hnnid nn TVTf A;vn i iir jMrs. A. S. Thompson, and will go to i Z WT?T jmmjZFlorida to spend the remainder of. KHiLillalUUO.the winter.Dr. Joe "Varrien nnr? nliiMran3Iiss Mary Forman Varden and Master joe varden, who have been illscheme, the same colors being carriedout in the luncheon which followedthe games. The luncheon comprisedsalad, hot rolls, old- country ham,mint ice, cheese balls, candies.Fifteen tables accommodated theplayers. Miss Alice Rogers Clay andMiss Roseberry received the guests,assisted by Mrs. Oscar, T. Hinton,Mrs. Victor Whitridge and Mrs. MayStoner Clay. The first prize, a cutglass candy jar, was awarded toMrs. Buckner vWoodford. The secondprize, a guest water bottle, wasawarded to Mrs. O. L. Marshall.Miss Charlina Ball will give adinner party this evening in honorof Miss Clay, and on Tuesday, MissMary Adajms Talbott will give a din-( Other Personals on Page 3.)oA WARNING!If you have a cold," stay awayfrom other people. It is unlawfulfor anyone to spread disease, andyou are spreading disease if youhave a cold and communicate it toother people. Besides, you are subject to fine and imprisonment, if youpersist. This is the text of an ofllcial warning issued by the StateBoard of Health. ,oSURPRISING WHAT $35 DOES.Here) in the purchase of a highgrade suit or overcoat. Special showing this week at that price.(It) J. W. DAVIS & CO.. o -INSURANCE.. Fire, Tornado, Lightning,Automobile and Hail.YERKES & PEED.(janl4-tf)The Ladies' Bible Class of thewith influenza at their home on Vine j Presbyterian church wilf take a col-street, are improvingAmong visitors in the city Wed-'l fering Armenians. A full attend-lection Sunday morning for the suf-CENTER-HIGH SCHOOL TOOPEN MONDAY.RE-The Center-High consolidatedcounty schools will re-open nextMonday in the high and intermediary grades, with Miss Nancy Owensas principal and Miss uoraena uaeras assistant. The four grades of theprimary department will also reopen,provided someone in the immediateneighborhood will board the teacher,Miss Hetty 3oone, who has been selected by the Board of Education forthat position.oBUSINESS CHANGE.Mr. Hiram Redmon, .who has: forseveral years held a clerical positionin the State Auditor's office at Frankfort, lias resigned that position, andaccepted the positian of Secretaryand Treasurer of the Co-operativeLand & Development Co., recentlyorganized by Bourbon county capitalists for the exploitation of oil andother properties , in Eastern Kentucky. Mr. Redmon is a son ofSquire and Mrs. John J. Redmon, of. -NTvrn Miridletnwn. and abrother of Dr. Lee G. Redmon, ofLexington.DESIRABLE BRICK BUNGALOWAT PUBLIC AUCTIONGo to the sale on January 21 ofthe Thomas McDonald residence at1219 Mairi.street Modern in everyrespect. Buy it if "you want a comfortable homeHARRIS & SPEAKES, Agents.(14-3t) , '-oBOUBBOH LODGE SHOWS AHEALTHY INCREASE., .,HNANCIAIXY.4At the recent-meeting of BourbonLodge, I. O. G. F., a large crowd waspresent. Reports, of different committees were read: ana approveu, mefinancial report showing a healthyincrease in finances after having alarge amount of-sickness and deathson accoolint of 'the influenza. Thesum of '$1,372.35 was paid out forsickness, and death benefits and forthe care of orphans. Officers forthe ensuing year were installed byDistrict jDeputy Grand Master E. B.January: - oU. D. C. TO OBSERVE GEN. LEE'SBIRTHDAY.The anniversary of the birth ofGeneral Robert E. Lee, the South:sgreat military leader, will be ap-r,rnni-;otaivoiPhrated bv the members of -Richard. Hawes Chapter, UJD. C. at the court house m mis city.Saturday. At noon the memDera . oiJohn H.. Morgan Camp, UmteA YSrerans of the Confederacy, will beguests of the U. :D.;C. at a luncheon..At 2:00 ,p. m.. Rev.. W. E. Ellis, pastor of the Paris "Christian church,will deliver an address, bearing onthe life and works of General Lee.Q " :COLORED JOAN POUND DEAD INWOODS,. ;f ,Dan BoatrigKta well-known colored man, residing m unmuiwoods, was found dead yesterdaymorning; by his wife, who had gonein search, of him.Boatright had taken his wheelbarrow .and an axe and had goneinto the woods where he had beenengaged in cutting stove wood forhis home. Not returning for a longtime, his wife went in search of him,and found his dead body at the footof a stujinp, from which he had evidently fallen in his death throes.Coroner Jtudolph Davis was summoned, and after hearing the; testimonyof Mrs. Boatright, pronounced theman's d$ath due to Heart trouble.About aryer ago Boatright ustamed a stroke of paralysis, which affected hi left na. ana tele, andleft him almMtsaemltM.nesday were Rev. J. T. Crates, ofCarlisle, and Rev. Prank .T f!hTr ofDanville, and T. M. Wadell, of Lexington, the latter representing thgLigget & Myers Tobacco Co.Mrs. James Thompson, Jr., ofParis, was one of the out-of-townmembers present at the meeting ofthe Bridge Club, in Lexington,Tuesday. Mrs. Frazer Lebus washostess, W the home of "her father,Mr. John W. Stall, on West Secondstreet. Luncheon was served.Cv-nithiana. Democrat; "MissBeatrice Fuller has returned to herhome in Paris after a visit to hersister, Miss Sadie Fuller, in thiscity.... Mrs. Margaret Cook andMiss Stella Cook have gone toTampa, Florida, for the winter. Mr.Charles Cook will join them later."Mr. G. C. Thompson, Jr., willarrive next week from his home atAllensville, Georgia, to attend thepre-nuptial party in honor of MissAlice Rogers Clay and Lieut. HiramRoseberry, whose wedding is to occur on the twenty-second of January. Mr. Thompson will be best manat the wedding.At the meeting of the NorthMiddletown Womens' Club, in NorthMiddletown, recently Mrs. Robert G.Jones, formerly Miss Elizabeth An-drews. of Lexington, sang severalsolos. At the meeting of the Clubheld to-day the following programwill be rendered: "The First ThingsIn Kentucky," Mrs. James C. Bryan;Reading, "Sister Dolorosa,"1 Mrs. J.W. Young, Jr.The following program will berendered at the meeting of the Millergsburg Twentieth Century Club, tobe held in that place yto-morrow:Roll Call; "My Best Beloved Picture;" Current Opinion; "Persons InThe Foreground," Miss Clark; Music,Mrs: Hoard Barnes; Drama, MissMartha Smith; Science and Discovery, Mrs. Shannon; ParliamentaryLaw, Mrs. C. R. Jones; Hostess, MissRuth McClintock.Mr. Dennis V. Snapp, Field Secretary for Sunday School Work ofthe Methodist Conference, will be inNewport, Monday and Tuesday,where he will deliver two speecheson the Sunday School EpworthLeague and Centenary work of thechurch. On Wednesday he willspeak at Worthville, and onv Wednesday nisrht will leave for Birmingham, Ala., where he will attend thesessions of State Presidents of .theEpworth League, as Presidents ofthe Kentucky 'League.Miss Carolyn Roseberry was hostess at her home near Paris yesterdayafternoon ata bridge party, givenin honor of Miss .Alice Rogers Clay,who is to become the bride of Lieut.Hiram Roseberry, on January 22.The home was beautifully decoratedin green ferns and cut flowers iniars. formincr a' charming color iance of the membership is desired.The ladies of the Presbyterianchurch will occupy the Red Crosssewing rooms in the basement of thecourt house to-day. The Pastor'sAid Society of the church will meetin the same room at 2.: 30 o'clockthis afternoon., The Presbyterian church in theUnited States has provided in its1919 budget for a fund of a mijiuondollars to increase the salaries ofthose among its 6,500 pastors whoare not considered adequately paid.This was announced by the nationalheadquarters of Ihe "New Era Movement" of the church, organized toraise $38,000,000 in 1919 for localchurch expenses, benevolences andother activities.Attention all men! The Men'sBible Class of the Paris Christianchurch was one of the leading classesof the State prior to the influenzaban. Since the ban has been liftedthis class has re-organized and meetspromptly at 9:30 a. m., in the parlors of the Paris Christian Churchevery Sunday morning. All the oldmembers, as well as new ones andvisitors are cordially invited to attend and help make use of the equipment and facilities provided for thispurpose. By unanimous vote lastSunday, Mr. W. O. Hinton was elected regular teacher, with Rev. W. E.Ellis as substitute. Be sure and comeand bring some one with you nextSunday.The Missionary Society of thePresbyterian church will kmeet at2:30 dclock, next Monday afternoon. January 20, in the PrimaryLroom of the, church.The Christian Endeavor societyof the Presbyterian church will meetat Y:30 o'clock Sunday evening inthe church. The subject will be"Our Relation To God."BAPTIST CHURCH.Morning services at 10:45, evening services at 7:00. Pastor willpreach at both services. Sundayschool at 9:30, B. Y. P. U. at 6 p.m. Prayer meeting and choir practice each Wednesday evening at 7o'clock.i:-:Please do not buy more than you need no matter how tempting the values.No goods will be sent on approval or exchanged.The Greatest Values and Variety We Have Ever Assembled are Being Sacri-ficed-in This UnequaledJANUARY CLEARANCEEvery Garment in the House Has Been SweepinglyReduced Without Regard to Cost or Value.Don't Delay! . Come Early!Ckaranceof Our Entire Stock ofIIICoats that were up to $25.00$14.75Remarkable values in Zibilenes, Kerseys,Velvets, etc., trimmed with Kit Coney.Coats that were up to $50.00$29.50 . -Choice of Velvets, Velours, Plush, Kitten'sEar, Broadcloths, Cut Bolivias in all shades.Tailor or trimmed with Baffin Seal, Kit Coneyor Opossum.Coats that were up to $60.00$39.00Coats of Velour, Plush, Duvet de Laine, Silvertone and Broadcloths; trimmed with Seal,Opossum, Nutria or Natural Raccoon. Linedwith plain or fancy Satin and warmly interlined. Taupe, Brown, Wine Shades, NavyReinder and Black, at choice.Coats that were up to $85.00$53.00Truly magnificent Velours, Silver'tones, Bolivias, Suede Cloths, Velvets, Normandy andCrystal Cloth, trimmed with Seal, Nutria,Raccoon or Black Fox; beautiful colorings.Extra sizes included,; exquisitely lined.Clearance of Our Entire Stock ofSuiteSuits that were up to $35.00$15.00 -Sensational offerings in smartly trimmed orplain tailored Poplins, Serges and Gabardines in "navy, black, brown-gray and wistaria.Suits that were up to $45.00$23.50Broadcloths, Serges, Poiret Twills,- Poplins,in plain tailored or belted effects or trimmedwith braid or buttons; all colors.Suits that were up to $55.00N $38.50Silvertones, Velours, Broadcloths, etc,.t in allshades: trimmed with Seal or in plain andbelted effects.Suits that were up to $85.00$47.50Superbly lined models in Velour, Duvet deLaine, Silvertone, Tricotine, Poiret Twill, etc. ; tailored or trimmed with Taupe Fox orHudson Seal ;in navy, black and richest shades.Skirts up to $15$9.85Broadcloths, Wool Plaids and Stripes, Baronet Satins, Velvets, Men's-Wear Serges, innavy, brown, black, green; etc.HARRYMOM224-28 West Main St., Lcxington,5Ky;Main Street, Paris, Ky.For SaleNine Rhode Island pullets, readyto lay. Cumberland Phone 360.MRS. DOUGLAS THOMAS,, JR.(lt-pd)BBBHS7LOSTA gold hunting case Elgin watch,2 0-yearTcase,v .fifteen .jewel. Finderleave at Jas. E. Craven's restaurantand. receive reward. (It)Executor's SaleOFValuable City Property, Bank Stock,,; ' and Bonds.'" The "undersigned, as executors of the estate of Miss Annie Kelly, deceased, will offer at public sale at the Court House door in Paris, Ky., atabout the hour of 10:30 a. nL, on A j j , .. i Li-. u . s-i u1-. i, -u: "Monday, February 3, 1919,the 'foljowing real estate, stocks and honds:"f ; .' ' BEA1 ESTATE , .. . ,.,.One frame cottage on Higgins avenue, now occupied by George McWilliams. House contains 4 rooms, bath; electric lights, gas and water.House in first-class condition,, having been recently painted and repaired.Good cistern on the premises.. One frame cottage on the south side of Seventh street, now occupiedb;y John E. McCarthy. House contains 4 rooms and bath, electric lights,..; gas and water. House in ilrst-c!as3 condition, having- been recently paint"ed and repaired. , . 'KJust ReceivedPuritan PhonographsPuritan Recordst--STOCKS AKB BONDSrThe Puritan Phonograph Also Plays Any Olr Disc Bcords;It is the only Phonograph made with a long horn; the long horn not only,amplifies and develops but softens the sound. ;IN ADDITION, THE -PURITAN PHQNNGRAPH is one-fourth cheaperthan any other machine of anything like similar Workmanship and character,6a shares Capital Stock Peoples-Deposit Bank & Trust Co.5 shares L. & N. R. R. stock. !r ' 'i - '." " ' I J I' u I3-Bourbon County (Court House) Bonds $1,000 bonds. ,2 U. S. Liberty Bonds? ?1,000 bonds. .tw w-1 U. S. War Savings Certificate. , W $MffiLMiREThe bank stock will be sold in blocks of five shares.TERMS Stocks and Bonds, cash. Real estate, 1-3 cash, balance in6 and 12 months, for which deferred payments, the purchaser will be required to execute his notes, payable to the said executors, with interest at6 per cent. fronVdate of sale, to secure payment, of which, a lien win beretained on the premises; or the purchaser may have the privilege of paying all cash. . .' . .," ;i;7l?E. H.G0BEY, ' -" Executors of 'thevEstatetff Miss AnnieKelly, Deceased..-MFrJKBNNBT, Auctioneer. '. V&-KV-Priced Fromto--?.(i7-2ttX);.-li(--l-rTHE PURITAN RECORDS ARE ALL DOURLE DISC and sell uifornilyat 85 cents. To hear them is tobuy them.- Let us demonstrate these PURITAN PHONOGRAPHS NDuRECORDS?It will be a pleasure for you and us. ; . : ,vtoZ' &-':yv.-JTHE J. T HI INTO IN CO.MOTOR HEARSE MOTOR INVALID COACH UNDERTAKING;EITHERPHONE" 36SIXTH AN MAIN STS(11J '.ri'.j, -y 'A.-tl"-JXsio- i K- -MGESIXTBEBOTOBOlf HEWS, PARIS, KE1TUCXTFRIDAY, JANUARY 17, lSlf, 7ct-rPIMPLY? H1,D1'T BE!FeopfeNoticelt DriveTKemOffwstfi Dr. Edwards'Olive Tablets'ApimplFiace will not embarrass youmuch longer if you get a package of Dr.Edwards Olive Tablets. The skin shouldbega -clear after you have taken thetablets a few nights.Cleansethe blood,the"bowels and the liverwith Dr. Edwards Olive Tablets, the successful substitutef or calomel; there'sneverany sickness or pain after taking them.Dr, Edwards' Olive Tablets do thatwhich calomel does, and just as effectively,but their action is gentle and safe insteadof severe .and irritating.No tme who takes Olive Tablets isever cursed with "a dark brown taste,"a bad .breath, a dull, listless, "no good"feeling, constipation, torpid liver, baddisposition or pimply face.Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets area purely vegetable compound mixedwith olive oil; you will know themw by their olive color.Dr. Edwards spent years among patients afflicted with liver and bowelcomplaints, and Olive Tablets are theimmensely effective resultTake one or two nightly for a week.See how:much better you feel and look.ZOC ancL25c per box. All druggists.NOTJGE TO EGG DEALERS.rAetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityj - And Other' CasualtiesA. J. FEEAGENTTo licensed Poultry and Egg Dealers of Bourbon County:"By order of he United StatesFederal Food Administration forKentucky, it is now considered atthis time "unnecessary to candleeggsso far as it pertains to the rule forthe saving of food. Therefore, thatrule is no longer in force."The department suggests that alllarge dealers continue the candlingof eggs for their own profit and forthe general good. It cautions allparties that the purchase of eggs unfit for food by any licensed dealeris really a wasteful and unfair thing,and the selling of same is dishonestand un-American. As soon as theegg season comes on again, the Department hopes that the licenceeswill voluntarily take up the candling. "LAWRENCE MITCHELL,"Bourbon. Co; Food Administrator."oBREAKS A COLD INJTJST A EEW HOUES"Pape's Cold Compound" EndsGrippe Misery Don't StayStuffed-up.You can end grippe and break upa severe cold either in head, chest,body or limbs, by taking a dose ofPape's Cold Copapound" every twohours until three doses are taken.It promptly- opens clogged-up nostrils and air passages in the head,stops nasty discharge or nose running, relieves sick headacheydullness,feverishness, sore throat, sneezing,soreness and stiffness.Don't stay stuffed up! Quit blowing and snuffling! Ease your throbbing head nothing else in the worldgives such prompt relief as "Pape'sCold Compound," which costs only afew cents at any drug store. It actswithout assistance, tastes nice, andcauses no inconvenience. Be sureyou get the genuine. (adv)TOBACCO MAKKETSJOHN WHITE & CO.LOUISVILLE, KY.;EUbHtbedial837Liberal assortmentMd lull valueforFURS(till-jan24-F)PftSiE j3 aE!f3sfjlpaid C?flnillE?itMIIIMIIIlllimHHHimHHH4HHilIMIK- d swwHMTM WBBWB8BBEC5 TMfcfcThe J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMERSMahictntf SixthStreet-Day phone 36- I T"J uay pnone tHSLTIS K V. Nint t . . e- CI--O -"vf or Home 286Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourLimousine Invalid Coach.Hoarse used lor funeral purposes only.HIMlMHIHllttHMMFHIHlfrtfHHrHMIIMKIndependent Warehouse, Moriday,January 13The Independent Tohaccp WarehouseCompany sold Monday a total$17,784.20, an average of $42.60 perhundred pounds. A feature of thesale was ttie sale of the crop of 9,700pounds of tobacco belonging to Thos.Drenan, that averaged ?55.30 perhundred pounds.The following crop averages werereported :Thos. Drenan sold 9,700 pounds,average, $55.30.Boardman & Mor eland sold 3,795pounds, average, $31.97.C. R. White & Current sold 5,680pounds,-average, $50.04.Park Bros., & Lewis sold 2,620pounds, average, $33.32.R. E. Letton sold 3495 pounds,average, $43.14.Ward & Hughes sold 7,980 pounds,average, $31.79.M. R. Jacoby & Gray sold 1,485pounds, average, $37.65.Ewalt & Collier sold 2,675 pounds,average, $43.60.BOURBON WAREHOUSE, TUESDAY, January 14The Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCompany sold yesterday at their ParisHouse a total of 133,000 pounds oftobacco for an average of $39 perhundred pounds. No crop averageswere furnished.INDEPENDENT WAREHOUSE,TUESDAY, JAN.14The Independent Tobacco Warehouse Company, 'held a sale at theirwarehouse yesterday. No figures onthe amount of tobacco or the flooraverages were furnished for publication. The following averages on threecrops were given out for publication:McUlure, Plummer & Collins sold2,735 pounds, average, $67.18.loung & Koomson sold 4.265pounds, average, $55.42.O. -..Davis & Mink soldi 7.970pounds, average, $52.47.COIJDS AND GRIPPE YIELDTO CALOTABS OVERNIGHTTo break up a cold over night orto cut short an attack of influenza orgrippe, physicians and druggists arenow recommending Calotabs, the newnausealess calomel, that is purifiedfrom all dangerous and sickening effects. Those who have tried it saythat it acts like magic, by far moreeffective and certain than the oldstyle calomel, heretofore recommended by all physicians.One Calotab on the tongue at bedtijme with a swallow of water that'sall. No salts, no nausea nor theslightest interference with eating,work or pleasures. Next morningyour cold has vanished and yourwhole system feels refreshed and purified. Calotabs is sold only in original sealed packages, price thirty-fivecents. Receommended and guaranteed by all druggists. Your moneyback if you are not delighted.(adv)oGO vOTENT GOING INTO COMMISSION BUSINESS?1- iTTk Chance of a Lifetime!Now m the time to buy a good,1 U S. horse or mole forfarm at a reasonable price.!fbe Hmdred Hones and MulesTo be mM at the Kent-city State Fmtr'GmoMk mLiaka-h, I, aa Jaaaaiy 19 22 and 23, lor aatkla tfccHTLa i Mk. 4 4 -SoWvalookoli2 I Jf LMKfataaaiaUack Urnm cWdpariK AMslack forA communication has been received by Postmaster J. Walter Payne, ofthis city, from the1 Fourth AssistantPostmaster-General at Washington,asking him to send the Departmentevery Tuesday a list of prices oneggs, poultry, sausages, hams, cannedgoods, preserves, jellies, dressedfowls and all kinds of country produce.There is more Catarrh in this section of .the country than all otherdiseases put together, and for yearsit was supposed to be incurable. Doctors prescribed local remedies, and byconstantly failing to cure with localtreatment, pronounced it incurable.Catarrah is a local disease, greatlyinfluenced by constitutional conditions and therefore requires constitutional treatment. Hall's CatarrhMedicine, manufactured by P. J.Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio, is a constitutional remedy, is taken internally and acts, through the 'blood onthe" mucous surfaces of the system.One Hundred Dollars reward is offered for any case that Hall's CatarrhMedicine fails to cure. Send for circulars and testimonials.' F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (jan-adv)oThe 1919 model Montana waterwagon is a self-starter all right, butits ability to resist skidding is atheme of doubt and misgiving.BAD COLD aUICKLY BROKEN UPMrs. Martha Wilcox, Gowanda, N.Y., writes: "I first used Chamberlain's Cough Remedy about eightyears ago. At that time I had ahard cold and v coughed most of thetime. It proved to be just what Ineeded. It broke up the cold in. afew days, and the cough entiielydisappeared. I have told many of myfriends of the good I receivedthrough using' this medicine, and allwho have used it speaks of it ,1n thehighest terms." Obtained everywhere. (jan-adv)oIf it is true that Count Bentinckwould be glad to get rid of HerrHohenzollem, why doesn't he voteprohibition on his castle?oTHE GIST OP IT."Last December I had a very severe cold and was nearly down 3lckin bed. I bought two bottles ' ofChamberlain's Cough Kemfedy and ftwag only a very few "days until I wasrestored to health, writes Of J.Metcalfe, Weatherby, Mo. If youwould know the value of this remedy, asl any one who has used' it.Obtainable everywhere.(jan-adv)?::;BKiBHHb.mmmmmmwSamaiiitft:!; rmmCopyright 1919 byR. J. ReynoldsTobacco Co.J.w.jjj5 8v afl 3W-H B m rasas jrm.teMm&mmyour smoketasteflush up against alistening post and you'lljl-'' get the Prince Albert call, all right!'$ You'll hunt a jimmy pipe so quick andget so much tobacco joy out of everypuff you'll wish you had been borntwins! For, Prince Albert puts over a turnnew to every man fond of a pipe or a homemade cigarette. It wins your glad hand completely. That's because it has the quality!And, right behind this quality flavor and quality fra-We tell you to smoke your fill at any clip jimmypipe or makin's cigarette without a comeback IToppy red bags, tidy red tins, handsome pound andhalf pound tin humidors and that clever, practicalpound crystal glass humidor with sponge moistener' top that keeps the tobacco in such perfect condition.R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co., Winston-Salem, N. CJust before the French suppliesgave out,' a truckload of R. C. supplies reached the Stilement Hospitalat Metz, where returned woundedprisoners are arriving, 50 at a time.Send That Next Job of Printing to TheBourbon News. Best WorkRight Prices.-aB?iKS-aMrwr-n.;. ' .n. " iti i i iyviL (EVEKYBODTH-WrSMItf -HEAD MEANSiiffllBUKKt.v.Revised PricesThe assurance of material for quantityproduction of Buick cars enables theBuick Motor Company to establish the mfollowing prices on the various Buickmodels, effective January first, 1919.These prices will not be changed duringour present dealers' selling agreements.Three Passenger Open Model H-Six-44 - $1495Five Passenger Open Model H-Six-45 - - 1495Four Passenger Closed Model H-Six-46 - 198&Five Passenger Closed Model H-Six-47 - - 2195 -SevenPassenger Open MpdeLH-Six-49, - 1785Seven Passenger Closed Model H-Six-50 - 2585Buick Motor Company, Flint, MichiganPioneer Builders of Valve-in-Head Motor CarsiTVmi j i, i" v t ;-KAUWaTJTDt N. 319, Uaisfifc, .174, TAYLOR'srjooqSf St JJ 8-8 OS XlUO PTTB PI-IOAVan3oji , v no partis tnmwod rv-- SIV- - J- -wt,?J ' ' -BALLGARAGEFBIDAT, JANUARY 17, 1919.THE BOUEBOH HEWS, PAWS, -XKHTUCKTPAGESheriffs SaleOFTAXES!Monday, Feb. 3, 1919,la front of the court house doorIn Paris, Ky., about the hour ofnoon, I will expose to public sale fordelinquent State and county tax, forthe year 1918, the following described real estate, or enough thereofthat may be necessary to satisfy thegaid tax and the penalty and thecost of said sale. If any error orRouble assessments occur in theselists, please notify us so that corriectlons can be duly made.W. G. McCLINTOCK,Sheriff Bourbon County.PATHS (White.)jjroomhall, Cora. . . j . . . . 14.15Bishop, Elizabeth 22.61Garwood & McClintock 40acres 44.10(Sold to Paris Realty Co., and nowowned by It. A. Mitchell.)Collins, Bruce 9.43Doyle, Kate, estate 12.06Tteianey, Cora 7.83Daniels, It. F 40.96Gaines, J. H 10.56Haggard. J. H. agt. Nicholas 11.00Haggard, J. H agt. Brown 5.71un-a-rd. J. H.. ast. Ayers. . 12.06Hilton, J. W 14.12Horine, Kate 2.56Kendall, Nannie v 6.15Lynch, HatUeL 18.39Martin, Mrs. J. H 17.10Mastin, John, estate 7.81Martin, Riley 10.77Overby, Hazel 12.06Ogle, Jessie 2.08Peterson, Ballard 11.52Richardson, Thos 4.68Hudder, Virginia 12.06Snyder, T. J 18.39Taylor, Elizabeth, 8.87Thomas, Geo. "W., Mrs 5.64Williams, J. T., estate .... 8.96Walls, Samantha, guardian . 29.12MILLERSBURG (White. )Banta, Geo., house and lot. .Bishop, Wm., house and lot .Gaunce, C, house and lot . .Green, Ed., house and lot . .Linville, Wm., house and lotMitcheltree, Alice, house and flotSmith, W. H. and Pearl, houseand lotThomas, S. F., house and lot7.795.346.614.754.758.383.854.50CLINTONVILLE (White. )Bell, Bob 18.02HUTCHISON ( White. )Earlywine, H. H 4.27Godman, Millard 8-37CENTERVILLE (White)X,each, Margaret 7.24Smith, Elmer 4.27Slade, Ada ( 7.36Wilcox, Nettie 5.02RUDDLES MILLS (White)Claypoole, Birch. 11.31Kiser, Lizzie 7.36Moore children .. .. - 2.67Maharney, T. B., 5.44.Shea, Joanna, estate . . . . 7.36NON-RESIDENTS.Brown, Lida, house and lot,Paris $ 13.23Cairns, Thos., heirs, land, 3acres 23.87Hanson, Sarah, 2 houses andlots, Paris, Second St 3.17Hardie, Fannie, land, 23 acresCenterville 14.91Musselman, Jos. F., house andlot, Pleasant St 19.41Martin, Jas., trustee, land 31.32Stephens, Mrs. E. L., houseand lot, Stoner avenue . . 2.03Saulter, Ei, gdn., 2 housesand lots, Main street . . 48.95Sprake, Bettie, house and lotWhite Addition 2.68Snyder, T. J., house and lot 9.93Thomas, Joe, house and lot,Lilleston avenue 8.52Wakefield & Moore, houseand lot, White Addition . . 11.04Young, J. F., land, 9 acres. . 8.96PARIS (Colored.)Ayers, Nat, est, house and lotParisAyers, Joe, house and lot,ParisAyers, Anderson, house and lotParis ..Batts, Eliz, house and lot,Paris . . . .i3.955.496.945.83Buckner, .Allen, house and lotParis..1 5.49Brown, Mary E., house and lotParis 'Coleman, Chas. and Sherman,house and lot, ParisCorbin, Addie J., house and lotParis . . . :Clark, Henry, house and lotParis ....Darnell, Leo H., house and lot,ParisDodge, Cassell, house and lot,ParisDavis, Hawe, house and lotParis. . .Emerson, Ed, house and lot,Paris ;Frazier, Chas., house and lotParisFields, Maria, house and lot,ParisFreeman, Wm., house and lotPd,risFerguson, Annie, house and lotParis - -r "Fields, Jim, house and lot,Paris -Fields, Mary, house and lot,Paris ..Fields, George, house and lot,ParisGaines, W. A. &. Co., house andlot Paris. .Gaines, Mary and Henry, houselot, ParisGriggs, Watson, est. ,house andlot, ParisGaines, Sadie, house and lot,ParisGalliher, Chas., house and lotParis . .Garrett, Sanford, house and4.489.504.485.496.465.495.495.493.913.916.933.915.493.915.494.33S.855.853.915.9Hawkins, Allen, house and lotParisHutchison, John, house and lotParisHarris, Allen, house and y lot,Paris. . . . .5.975.979.81Johnson, Belle, house and lot,Paris 8-69Jacohy, Doc., heirs, house andlot, Paris 3.91Judy, Mary Ann, house and lotParis . . ." 15.87Johnson, Maria, house and lotParisJohnson, Thomas, house andlot, ParisJackson, Nathan, est., houseand lot, ParisJohnson, Ben, house and lotParisLanam, Pres., est., house andlot, ParisLewis, Carrie, house and lotParisLewis, Alice, house and lotParisMack, Andrew, house and lotParisMoore, Steve, est., house andlot, Paris3915.493.416.933.913.913.916.934.85Mitchell, Mattie, heir, houseand lot, ParisMickens, Eliza, house and lotParisMyers, Wm., house and lot,Paris . .Matson, Thos., house and lot,ParisNayles, Bettie, house and lot,ParisParker, Ed., house and lot,ParisPorter, George, house and lot,Paris3.913.915.986.933.915.496.935.495.345.025.046.30Parker, Luther, house and lot,ParisRobinson, Dave, est., houseand lot, ParisRice, George, house and lot,ParisRankin, John, house and lotParisSimpson, Mattie, house and lotParisStone, Brice, house and lot,Paris 10.77Stephens & Green, house andlot, Paris 3.41Turner, Forrest, house and lot,ParisTibbs, Eliza, house and lot,ParisThomas, Sallie, house and lot,ParisThomas, Annie ,house and lot,ParisWilliams, Amelia, house andlot, ParisWilliflmc Amanda, house and7.353.913.917.256.29lot, Paris 4.48Washington, Sarah, house andlot, Paris 6.30MDLLERSBURG1 ( Colored. )Allen, Geo., house and lot..Allen, Mollie, house and lot. .Maker, Sarah, house and lotBaker, Sam, house and lot. .Berry, T. H., house and lot. .Clark, Wfm., trusteee, Rosa,house and lotClark, Carl, house and lot. .Clay, Geo. B., house and lotGlenn, Jas., house and lot..Glenn, Dan, house and lot. .Glenn, Joe, house and lotGriggs, Lettie, house and JotHerod, Eph., gdn., house and6.294.165.496.299.4'93.634.696.295.765.765.764.163.644.164.164.90lotHedges, Joanna, house and lotJohnson, Maggie, house andlotJanuary, Lizzie, house and lotJones, John, grdn., house andlotJones, Cassie, house and lotKing, Frank, est., house andloMason, Geo., house and lot. .Porter, Mattie, house and lotPindle, Chas., house and lotPerry, Wm., house and lot. .Robinson, M. J., house and lotSharp, Sam, est., ftouse andlotTurner, Chas., house and lotWilson, Smith, est, house andlotWashington, Henry, houseand lot . . . - c "Watts. Jim. house and lot. .4.903.633.6310.833.365.235.764.113.897.363.895.504.952.57Whaley heirs, house and lot.LITTLE ROCK-(Colored)Holton," James, house and lot 6.83Lewis, Elisha, house and lot 8.42Sharp, C. W., house and lot 8.42NORTH MiDDLETOWN (Colored.)Black, Ellen, house and lotClaysville 3-63Cage, Leela, house and lot,Claysville 5.76Cunningham, Charlotte, houseand lot 4-70Duncan, Frank and Ben,North Middletown o-oDickson, Mary, heirs, houseand lot, Clavs 4.70Harper, Bettie, est., house andlot, Claysville .16Jones, Kate, house and lot,Claysville 5-23Mack, Robt., Jr., house andlot, Kerrville 5.76Mitchell, John, house and lot,Claysville - 5-76Thompson, Frank, house andlot, Claysville 5.76Trumbo, Amanda, house andlot, Claysville 3-63Wilson, Sam, house and lot,Claysville 5-76Williams, Clay, heirs, houseand lot, ClaysvilleCLINTONVILLE ( Colored )Beatty, Jajmes, house and lot,Clintonville m 5.76Biddler Walter, nouse analot, Clintonville 6 -Biddle, Dave, house and lot,ClintonvilleBrooks. John, house and lot,) riflvsvilleo.loEvans, Will, house and lot,ClintonvilleFields, Mary, house and lot,CllntonviUe -Hickman, Lige, house and lot,ClintonvilleJones, Mary Frank, house andlot, Clintonville ......Jackson, Clarence, house aridlot, Clintonville ..Jones, Israel, house and lot,Clintonville -Miles, Eliza, house and lot,Clintonville -Myers, Henry, house and lot,7894-16B-766-35-7b&-7b4-1THE COTIEIEE-JOURNAL MAKESPLAUS FOR PEACE CONFERENCE.An nut. of the ordinary examnle ofinpwflnnAr AivtArTvriRft is heine- shownby the Louisville Courier-Journal inthe display advertising announcement appearing elsewhere in thisissue. The nurnose oi ims aaverube-ment is to acquaint- the people orKentucky and the Louisville territorywith the foreign news service of thepaper.With the signing of the armisticein November the Courier-Journal began extensive preparations for covering the Peace Conference'to followby sending Arthur B. Krock, Editorial Manager of the paper, to Paris,from which city he is now sendingdaily cables exclusively to the Courier-Journal.Already the CourierJournal had arranged with the NewYork Times for its complete foreigncable and wireless service by specialwire from New York each night, inadition to receiving the full leasedwire and cable service, day and nightof the Associated Press.No other daily newspaper in thisterritory has shown such enterpriseand aggressiveness in the effort togive its readers complete, accurateand up-to-the-minute reports of thegreat history-making Paris PeaceConference, which, during the nextthree months is expected to determine the price, Germany, Austria,Bulgaria and Turkey maust pay forthe more than four years of fright-fulness and destruction brougnt onthft world.The Courier-Journal, in the advertisement referred to, announces aspecial three months' trial subscription during the Peace Conference period, giving every opportunity forthe people of this territory to be-,come fully informed upon the deliberations af the envoys in Paris,when they begin to fix the terms theAllies shall demand of their conquered foes.OF LOCAL INTERESTSome People We Know, and We WillProfit by Hearing About Them.This is a purely local event.It took place in Paris.Not in some faraway place.You are asked to investigate it.Asked to believe a citizen's wordTo confirm a citizen's statement.Any article that is endorsed athome is more worthy of confidencethan one you know nothing aboutendorsed by unknown people.Floyd H. Rankin, grocer, Lillestonavenue and Lucas street, says. "Ihave used Doan's Kidney Pills off andon for years and have been greatlybenefited by them. At times I havesuffered severely with kidney complaint. My back often pained me andwas lame most all the time. Thekidnev secretions were too frequentin passage and greatly annoyed me.When I have been this way, I havealways found that a box of Doan'sKidney Pills has never failed to cureme of the attack in short order."Price, 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Rankin had. Foster-MiiDurnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)Mason, Robt.house and lot,Claysville . .Penn, John, house5.236.8S4.164.705.763.636.304.16and lot,ClaysvilleParker, Christine, house andlot, ClaysvilleRiddle, America, house andlot, ClaysvilleTaylor, James, house and lot,ClaysvilleThompson, Georgia, houseand lot, Claysville . .Wilson, Orange, house andlot. ClaysvilleWatts, Emily, house and lot,ClaysvilleHUTCHISON ( Colored. )Brown, Arch, house and" lotFrazier, Charlotte, house andlo.t5.764.168.42Vickers. Jas.. house and lotCENTERVILLE (Colored.)Brown, Elijah, house and lotChinn, Ike, house and lot . .Jackson, Nat and Sarah, houseand lotLodge, F. & C. M., house andlotGriffin, Margaret, house andlotThomas, Albert and Mary,house and lotWinston, Garfield, house andlot6.856.307.364.704.166.836.30RUDDLES MILLS (Colored.)Bell, Rosa, house and lot,Ruckerville 4.16Bishop, John est, house andlot, Ruckerville 4.16Curtis, Eliza, house and lot,Ruckerville v. 4.16Douglas, Mary, house andvlotRuckerville 3.63Dodge, Annie, house and lot,R,uckerville 4.70Fantelroy, "Rachel, house andlot, Ruckerville 3.63Green, Ed., trustee, house andlot, Ruckerville 8.95Johnson, Ann, house and lotRuckerville 4.16Johnson, Julia, estate, houseand lot, Ruckerville . . . . 3.63Johnson, Warren, estate, houseand lot 5.23Lawson, Harriett, house andlot. Ruckerville 4.7095-76Love, Chas., estate, house andlot, Ruckerville 4.16Medinger, Mattie, house andlot, RuckervilleMinor, Jeas, estate, house andlot, RuckervillePowell, Alice, house and lot,Ruckerville..'Rusk, Ed., house and lot,Ruckerville..Stephenson, Wm,. house andlot, RuckervilleThomas, Allen, house and lot,Ruckerville ;4.164.163.635.234.706.30ATTX31NEY-GEERAL' GREGORY IRESIGNS CABINET POSITIONThomas Watt Gregory', AttorneyGeneral of the United States since1914, has resigned because of "pecuniary responsibilities," and return tothe practice of law. President Wilson has agreed to his retirement nextMarch 4.Mr. Gregory's letter of resignation,dater January 9, and the President'sreply, cabled from Paris the nextday, were made public at the WhiteHouse. The Attorney General's letter disclosed that he had long considered retiring from office and had discussed the matter with the Presidentbefore Mr. Wilson went abroad. -Mr. Gregory's successor has notyet been appointed and there hasbeen ho official intimation as to whowill be. In speculation the names ofFrank L. Polk, counsellor of theState Department and Acting Secretary while Mr. Lansing is in Europe,and Senator James Hamilton lewia,of Illinois, were mentioned.It is a hard matter to make a childunderstand that at the present priceand scarcity of soft coal he shouldn teat more than one scuttle per day.oThe American Red Cross sent fivetons of food to Stenay to provide forthe Apierican and French prisonerscrossing the border there.Tramping 18 miles a day, Mr. H. M.Foreman, a mail carrier of Allentown,Pa., found that shoes with ordinarysoles last about one month. But hesays a pair of Neolin-soled shoes gavehim more than nine months of service,in which time he walked over 4,000miles.His experience shows how you maysave shoe money by providing yourfamily with Neolin-soled shoes, whichgive extra wear where other shoes wearout quickest.You can get Neolin-soled shoes inany type of shoe you want. Pricesare about the same as for shoes thatgive only ordinary wear, sometimesthev are even less. If your dealer" hasn't the style you want, he can getit for you quickly. KememDer, iNeonnSoles are created by science to be whatsoles should be. They are availableeverywhere for re-soling as well as onnew shoes. They are made by TheGoodyear Tire & Rubber Company,Akron, Ohio, who also make WingfootHeels guaranteed to outwear anyother heels. fJledliii Soles1919Wilmoth&Co.Extend to all theirpatrons and friendsNEW YEAR'SGREETINGSA cordial invitationis extended to thegeneral public for ashare of its businessduring 1919.WILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 3T61&Margolen'sHome -KilledMEATSFRESHFISHDressed to Order.MARGOLEN'SYOU MEN 10 PAY THEFAMILYSHOEMSSanitary Meat Marketijl Look for the;jffigil!;l;i sealed package, butliiPlilil have an eye out:p;:!::!;:;:i also for the name IIIJIlWlII WRIGLEYS Iiliiilillliiilliliffl That name is your pro- - f-li!:lii!l!!!i!iiiS tection against inferior :illliiiiiiiliiiiliffl imitations, Just as the j.lililiyyiiliilHiS sealed package Is pro- lip;:i;;:i!;g tection against impurity.lliililiiliiliiiiig The Greatest Name JiNew Toll Rate Effective January21st, 1919Order No. 2495 of the Telegraph and Telephone 'Admiaifltimtioaissued by the Postjmaster General at Washington, December 13th, a awtoll rate is ordered effective -Januarry 21 1919.' According to our interpretation of this order the toll rates will mclassified as follows: The day rate applies between the hour of 4:30 Msm. and 8:30 p. m. ,Night rate between 8:30 and 12 midnight for station-to-station me5sages only, shall be approximately 50 per cent. Ies3 than any day rate,but no night rate for less than. 25 cents.Another night rate between 12 midnight and 4:30 a. m. shall be approximately 75 per cent, less than the day rate, but no sight rate Umthan 25 cents.Person-to-person messages shall be approximately 25 per cemt.higher than station-to-station rates. , r .Appointment calls shall be approximately 50 per cent, higher tnasstation-to-station calls.Calls which require service of a messenger shall tate the afpoimimant TfltA fiiiis int. of TnGRsencrer fee.A report charge of approximatly 25 per cent, of the atatlon-to tflfrjtion rate will be made on all person-to-person calls, when ferson dealraiis not in or will not talk or if party calling is out when connection la completed within one hour after filing time.Paris Home Telephone & Telgraph Co.(Incorporated.) aJ. J. VEATCH.District ManagerXiI X S3 KEK3HlXaHKX . - - .SEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.rBourbonDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4,11XIKI1The Bourbon Laundry jMASS-fParis,xH. CASK OH..&"leoalsIi i i .'::-:-LaundryXIIIXWest Fifh StreetSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improvements in laundry applianceand expert helpers we areprepared to dq work inferior to none, and solicityour patronage-KehruckylW.jIIXIXIXIlot, Paris6.93Claysville .. - uuI-a " Jrt H"" T"tfev-si-i v. '"S&2-3C""22WLGffi EIGHTTHE . BOUEBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY -FRIDAY, JANUARY 17, 111$.rVi.-"--1ESOIUTIONS IN MEMORY, OPCAPT. BEUBEN HUTCH"' . CRAFT.-FEEBACK GORDON.Miss Rosie P. xFeeback, of thiscounty, and Mr. Geonre N. Gordon.the Tf Rushville, Indiana, were marriedin. this city by County Judge GeorgeBatterton.. Captain Reuben Brents 'Hutchcrafty Jr., the son of. Dorcas. A.,. -andIL'B. HutchcFaft, wasborn in.aris,Kentucky, on December 15, 1886.received his early training- in the'-local schools and at a tender agegave promise j of those splendidtraits of mind' arid heart which later1 in life so distinguished him. In3.903 lie entered what was then oldKentucky JJniversity. He was graduated therefrom in 1907with honors,receiving the' "degree of Bachelor ofArts. He became- a 'post-graduatestudent in Harvard University the4 same year, specializing in politicaleconomy, msiury sum guveuuucuu'''YlVJav ftVUnwfner vonp' Vt& VP"3Tl t.hftJ.UO 1U11U II lUf, J v,ii , ww wu. -'study of law in the Harvard LawJSchodl. He graduated in the sumher of 1911 with the degree ofBachelor of Law! While at the Uni--versityhe' was actively interested inMassachusetts politics and the publicquestions of the day, and thoughmerely a school boy, earned for "him'self u reputation as a political thinker; speaker and debater that- fewmen, at any age have equalled. HisH&rvard career throughout was distinguished. In his senior year hebecame an associate editor of theHarvard Law Review. The articlescontributed to this magazine byCaptain Hutchcraft are keen legalstudies, and promise a splendidscholarship for their-author.'After graduation CaptainHutch--j-aftbegan the practice of law inParis, Kentucky, in the fall- of,'1911. He was an'able and resourceful practitioner. Though a younglawyer, he became interested inmuch, important litigation. Mr.Hutchcraft was attorney for the contestees in the liocal Option ElectionContest case of 1914 and very successfully in all courts upheld the legality of the election. Although afirst-class, technical .lawyer, CaptainHutchcraft was professionally interested mainly in problems of State,and political and governmentalquestions. And for their solution hewas equipped with a. superbly trained scholarship and "a wonderfullyacute, logical and analytical mind.His opportunity came soon. . In thefail of 1913.be was nominated andelected without opposition to theoffice of Representative of BourbonCounty. Again in 1915 .he waselected to the same office. He attied two sessions of the GeneralA embly of Kentucky, in 19 14 and5 010. He was a member at thev SpWal .Session of 1917. As a Representative he was interested in andresponsible for much of the legislation of that period. His LegislativeTecord throughout was a brilliantone. He was a constructive statesman. Recognizing fiis ability as anexpert on the subject of taxation,the Governor of- Kentucky in 1916appointed Captain Hutchcraft one ofI the four House members of theKentucky Tax Commission. It wasthe duty of this Commission to writea new Tax Law for the Common--. wealth. "'How well it succeeded and..- b'ow well Captain Hutchcraft 'succeeded, may be inferred from thefact that the law as drafted by theCommission was adopted withoutmaterial change by the Legislature ati. the special session of 1917.' fu 1915 Captain Hutchcraft ' wasappointed to the Chair of Law in the'Law.. Department of the Universityof Kentucky at Lexington. He held' 'this position -two years and resignedin order to answer his country's bugie call. In the early spring of 1917he entered the first Officers' TrainingN Camp at Fort Benjamin Harrison,.' and' upon completing the course, was'commissioned a First Lieutenant.IP. the early fall of the same year hewas ordered to foreign duty. He sawactive service from the start as a'First lieutenant, afterwards Captain, in the 166th U. S. Infantry, aregiment of the famous Rainbow Division. He went into battle with.America's first combat troops, andwas actively engaged until his death.He was killed in action November 6,1918, near Sedan, on his country'sK furtherest advanced battle line. Hepassed on, almost at the supreme pno-' rnent of victory, just as the wearyguns were -about to grow silent, andwhen healing peace was already onher way earthwards. He sleeps hispeaceful soldier sleep near where hefell, "somewhere in France," in aspot that is and shall ever be a partof Kentucky.Such, in brief, are the facts in thelife of Captain Hutchcraft a life ofservice crowned with, a hero's death.He is,survived by his mother and farther and two sisters, who in hisdeath have suffered the most grievousloss of an only son and brother. .Therefore. Be It Resolved: Thatin the death of Captain Hutchcraftytrareaved family has lost a lovingand -dutiful, son and atender and affectionate 'brother; the County ofBourbon, one of her most distinguished citizens; the Bourbon andKentucky Bar, an able and brilliantlawyer; the Commonwealth, a mostcompetent and efficient Legislator;the Cause of Legal Education inKentucky, an eloquent advocate; ahost of friends, a warm-hearted, generous companion; and the Nation at-N Large, a brave and gallant soldier.Be It Further Res61ved: Thatthase Resolutions be spread upon therecords of this- Association and of theBourbon Circuit Court; that a copyof same besent to each newspaperin. 'Bourbon. County, Kentucky, forpublication therein; and that a copyof same be sent to each newspaperfamily. - vE. M. DICKSON,DENIS DUNDON.DAVID D. CLINE,Committee Bourbon Bar Association.oyMATRIMONIAL.A "marriace license was issuedfrom the office of Countv ClerkTearce Paton, Wednesday, to Mr.William Best Mastin and Mrs. FannieMay Morris, both of IVfillersbu'rg.COLLIVJ3R HATFIELDMiss Rena B. Colliver and .Mr.Wm. Hatfield, both of near Ewalt'sCross Rpads, -this, county, were married in Cynthiana. , 'C?S THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMOWAGONER. .Mr. Floyd Wagoner, a farmer,died at his home near Ewalt's CrossRoads, in this county, after a shortillness of influenza. He was a sonof C. D. and Fannie Wagoner, ofnear Lair, in Harrison county, andwasorn in November, 1894.'Hevis' survived by his parents, byhis wife, formerly Miss Rena Blackburn, and one child, Joseph, agednine months, one sister, Annie, andthree brothers, George, Leslie andIrvine Wagoner. He was a (memberof the Mt. Carmel Christian church.The funeral was held at the LairPresbyterian church, with servicesconducted by Rev. John R. Jones.The interment followed on thefamily lot in the Jackstown Cemetery.TERRY STITT.A surprise wedding of the seasonwas that which took place in Lexington, Tuesday, when the ceremonywas performed by Rev. E. T. Edmonds, uniting Miss Margaret Terry,of Lexington, and Judge HarmonStitt, of Paris. License was securedTuesday from the Fayette CountyClerk.Judge Stitt is one of the bestknown attorneys in Central Kentucky, and has for years made hishojme in Paris, where he had an extensive -practice. ""He has lately returned from California, where hehad been on a combined business andpleasure trip for nearly eightmonths. He is a former newspaperman, having been connected with various dailies in Missouri cities 'an'dwas the editor and owner of theParis Gazette, a spicy and ably-editedjournal he published in Parissome years ago. vHis bride was during Judge Stitt'sresidence in Paris, stenographer Inhis office. She .is a daughter of thelate Mr. and Mrs. Thos. Terry, whowere prominent residents of Parismany years ago, and is a sister of Mr.T. Phillip Terry, author, traveler andprominent in the literary world.After a short honeymoon trip Judgeand Mrs. Stitt will return to Lexington, where, it is said the former willopen law offices.The ceremony was performed atthe home of Mr. and Mrs. Will Warren, 152 wooaiana avenue, in tnepresence of the members of thefamily. Mrs. Warren is a sister ofthe bride. ('. 0TO-DAY, FRfflflY, JAN. 17Elsie Fergusonin a picturization of her famous stagesuccess"Hearts'of the Wilds"RUTH ROLANDUVl- in the 12th episode ofin "HANDS UP"Animated Weekly and Keystone Comedy.SATURDAYA . ISGoldwyn PresentsAE MARSHIN.Money Mad"- The story of a girl who lived in a houseof lies.SMILING BILL PARSONSIN"DAD'S KNOCKOUT"MIAN. -20Thos. H. I nee PresentsGeraldine FarrarIN66Carm en99BURTON HOLMES TRAVELOGUEandPARAMOUNT PICTOGRAPHEdward Van Leeuwe Orchestra S:iilIN THE SERVICEOF THEIR COUNTRYDEATHS.(Continued from Page 1)The War Department will issue ablanket order in the next few daysreleasing all married men in Class1-A who have persons dependentupon them, if it heeds the urgent request made by Representative W. J.Fields, the ranking member of theCommission on Military Affairs. Ithas promised to look into the -mattercarefully and to comply with theKentuckian's appeal if the suggestion meets with the approval of thegeneral staff.In prosecution of the work of securing a complete roster of the boysfrom Bourbon county who have beenand are now in the service in, thedifferent branches of the army andthe navy, Mrs. John T. Collins, towhom the work has been delegated,reports a total so far of 621 names.Anyone knowing of a soldier or sailorfrom this county whose name has notbeen sent in should refer it to Mrs.Collins, who will send the necessaryblank to be filled out with information for the purpose. , . -BIRTHS.At the Massie Memorial Hospital, in. this city, to the w,ife of Mr.Marion, Roberts, of Shaiwhan adaughter. This makes five daughters In. th,e family.HASH.Joshua Hash, the two-year-oldson of Mr. and Mrs. J. D. Hash, whoreside on Cane Ridge, died at thehome of his parents at an early hourMonday morning of influenza. Theinterjment'toop place Monday afternoon in the old Cane Ridge churchcemetery. Mr. and Mrs. Hash andseven other children are ill with influenza. o iBOATRIGHTBeverly Boatright, aged elevenson of Mr. and Mrs. A. L. Boatright,died at the home of his parents, onWalker avenue, Wednesday nightabout six o'clock, after a short Illness of pneujmonfa.The funeral was held yesterday afternoon at four o'clock, with services conducted at the grave in theParis Cemetery by Rev. W. B.Ellis, pastor of the Paris Christianchurch. The pall-bearers were "Root.Rose, Foster Mitchell, Clyde Richardsand -Will Burris.Mr. and Mrs. Boatright have thesympathy of the entire community injtheir bereavement.!v X.ONGO.Mike Longo, aged about forty, ahrother of Thomas Longo, the Parisfruit merchant, died at the Longohome, in the Hinton fiats, over Oberhorfer's drug store, about noon yesterday, after a long illness due todropsy.Longo in his prime was a wellknown athlete. For many years hewas prominent in sporting circles asa westler, under the name of "YoungPardello," and scored many notablevictories. He Jias appeared on themat nt th Grand Onera House anumber of times, and had many admirers who liked him for his cleansport.DAWSON.Mr. John. B. Dawson, a formerresident of Bourbon county, died inLos Angeles, California, recently.He was born in this county in 1830.i He went to the great West in earlymanhood, and had. resided .theresince. In 1885 he became owner ofthe famous Maxwell grant, ' a largetract of land in. New Mexico, and(engaged in. the cattle business. Helater (moved to Los Angeles, uaii.,where his death occurred.He is survived by his widow, twosons, Cyrus Dawson, now in SouthAmerica, and Bruce Dawson, ofRoutt county, California, and twodaughters, Mrs. Frederick Whitney rf Los Anereles. Call., and Mrs. LauraTiatkins, now living in Wisconsin.oFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.; Thomas, Woodford & BryanW. O. Pennington, salty sailor onthe Oklahoma, came in Sunday for afourteen-days' furlough visit tofriends and relatives in this city.Pennington came to Paris from Norfolk, Va., where his ship is at pres"ent stationed. He says J:hat whilein New York he heard that the boysin, France are all homesick, and thatno one over there dares to play"Home, Sweet Home," or "My Old.Kentucky Home." The winter overthere is rainy and with no sunnydays the boys are lo-nging for a return to the good old U. S. A. Pennington and Ed. Doty, who is withthe Nevada, were stationed on patrol duty in France, Irish and Scotchwaters, their- ships being later assigned to convoying transports overseas. He said that when the other"gobs" Jn their division learned thatthese ships were to -do transportwork they became very envious ;andmany of them tried to secure transfers, but that the commanders werevery well satisfied with their crews.0MODERN BUNGAI0W AT AUCTIONiHarris & Speakes will sell forThomas A. McDonald, on Tuesday,January 21, his handsojme modernbungalow, 1219 Main street. Lookthis property over if you want a nicehome. (14-3t)oHEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSThrough the Paris Realty Co,, Mrs.Dorcas Florence, of Nicholas county,has purchased of Mr. R. H. Mattox,a one-story frame cottage on Halisonstreet, for $1,200. Mrs. Florencewill move to the property aboutMarch 1.Mr. Wpn. H. Whaley, who recentlypurchased a portion of the Lou, andWm. Taylor lands, near Paris, hasresold it to Mr. John Sauer, of jiearParis, at an advance of $50 peracre. Mr. Sauer bought the adjoining land at the Taylor sale sometime ago. :Mr. W. E. Miller, of Nicholascounty, purchased of Mr. James L.Day, a one-story frame cottage, located on South Brent street; on theold Fair Grounds addition, for $1.725. Mr. Miller will move to -Parisin March and occupy the home.Acting as agent for Mr. C. O. Hinton, Mr. James McClure sold toMrs. George Ellis the two-story brickbusiness house on Main street, nowoccupied by her as The Cash-and-Carry-Grocery,for a private price.The second floor of the building willbe remodeled into living apartments.ThP hnildinir was formerly occupiedas a jewelry store by Mr. Wm. M.Hinton, and later by his son, Mr. C.O. Hinton.Mr. Charles "P. Jtfann, of theParisRealty Co., purchased of Mr. Wm.W. Hinton, the latter's farjn of eighty-oneacres, located near the citylimits of Paris, "for about $400 peracre. This is said to have been thehighest price ever paid in Bourboncounty for an equal acreage oi land.Possession will be given in March.Dr. F. P. Campbell, as agent forJesse Kennedy, sold to Wm. H. Whaley, a cottage and eight acres ofland located on the Clintonvillepike, near Paris, for $6,000. Theproperty adjoins Mr. Whaley's home.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney conducted the sale Wednesday at public auction of two desirable city residencesin Paris, belonging to Miss SaraDaniel. The first place, a six-roopi-CfonMi f!nlrmlril himcfalOW. locatedat the corner of Main and Boone"streets, was bid up to $5,575, andwithdrawn. The second, a convenient five-room cottage an Mainstreet, near rnirieeniu, was puiu. w -,rCOMMUNICATION, FROM STATEB0ABD OE HEALTH. tParis, Ky., Jan. 14, 1919.Believing that a former order ofthe City Board of Health stronglyurging the importanse of innoculationwith the Rosenow-Mayo serum as thesafest known niethod for protectionagainst influenza and pneumonia,has in a large measure been disregarded, the percentage of innoculatechildren in the various rooms of theCity School being about six, and infurther view of the fact that theBoard finds many cases, though mild,which might have been prevented,respectfully calls attention to the following communication:Bowling Green, Ky., Jan. 9, 1919.THE STATE BOARD OF HEALTH.THE ROSENOW MAYO VACCINEDr. A. H. Keller, City Health Officer,Paris, Ky.As requested, I am sending you theRosenow-Mayo Vaccine for preventive inoculation against influenza,and especially against the types ofpneumonia which have caused most ofthe deaths during this epidemic. Dr.Rosenow says "This vaccine is prepared from pneumococci of the various types and allied green-producingstreptococci, from hemolytic streptococci, staphylococci and influenzabacilli, as isolated from the sputa andlunors of cases durine the nresent epidemic of influenza and pneumonia." IDr. Rosenow advises that individu-jals be given three inoculations, oneweek apart, in order to get the highest and most enduriner immunity.There is usually no reaction from theinoculation except in persons about Ito come down with influenza, andeven then the disease seems to run a ishorter and milder course and complicating pneumonia seldom occurs.As a treatment during an attack ofinfluenza the dose indicated on thelabel is to be given daily for threedays and, although some reactionmay follow, many physicians reportexcellent results Jin relieving the influenza and in presenting pneumonia.As to the preventive value of theinoculation, the records in the officeof the Surgeon General of the Army,dealing with a division of 27,000troops in the early stage of the epidemic, show that of 12,000 men whoreceived the inoculation 8 developedpneumonia, with no deaths ;of 15,000not inoculated, 800 developed pneumonia, with 120 deaths. The Equitable Life Insurance Company reports its use in 20,000 of its policyholders and their families, and theMayo clinic reports its use in 20,000cases, each without a death. At theHomestead Steel Works; near Pittsburg, of 7,651 employees of 1,687who were not inoculated, 558 developed pneumonia and 42 'died; of 4,72Qwho were inoculated, 66 developedthe disease, with no deaths. Manysimilar experiences might be given ifspace permitted. Not a single case ofharm from its use has been reported.With the approval of the SurgeonGeneral, the entire army has beeninoculated. This Board after thefullest investigation endorses its useby every person 'in Kentucky who isnot certain that he or she has recently had influenza. It has alreadydistributed 250,000 doses, and willgladly send it free to any physicianwho will keep a record of its use ineach case, on blanks furnished forthat purpose and his promise to return them to Bowling Green for tabulation and study, and for the use ofDr. Rosenow, 60 days after the lastdose is given.Dr. South, here, has entire chargeof the distribution of the vaccine andit will prevent delay and confusion ifall requests for it by letter or wire,are addressed to her. Also, on account of the scarcity of glassware,please mail all vials and containersback as soon as they are emptied.Very respectfully,J. S. McCORMICK,Secretary.C. G. DAUGHERTY,J. M. WILLIAMS,JO VARDEN,Board of HealthA. H. KELLER, City Health Officer."UNCLE BILL" SCHOOLER GOESBACK TO SOMERSETWilliam F. Schooler, familiarlyknown in the newspaper world as"Uncle Bill," who has been connectedwith the Cynth'iana Democrat sincelast "October, has concluded a dealfor the purchase of the Somerset,Ky., Commonwealth, a lively, wellestablished weekly paper of that city.Mr. and Mrs. Schooler will takepossession of the paper to-day. Mr.Schooler will be sole owner and editor of the Copnmonwealth.oPARIS BASKETBALL TEAMS ATMAYSVTLLE TO-DAY.The boys and girls' basketballteagns of the Paris High School willgo to Maysville to-day, where theywill play a double-header with theteams of the Maysville High School.The members of the team are makingno rash promises, but they propose toj be full of "pep" and bring back, thenonors. 'There is one enepny with whichno armistice will be signed. Annihilation and extermination are theRed Cross terms to the White Plague.JvSpecial Bargains!Newest Novelties in Men'sWomen's and Children'sFootwearbought l for 'the Holiday tradegreatly reduced. Styles and pricesthat will appeal to the economicalshoppers.Visit our store and you willbe convinced this is thebest money-saving place inDEPENDABLEFOOTWEARrn 7i W"itu' m 1f&fr J ItWv ! -fcy All I' . vS mvaeJi'iUp'ei'WIIMSIHIUAIIA'Ladies' Havana Brown English d'c rfBoots, calf tops PvULadies Dark Gray boots, with cloth djff qetops to match, custom made pJWLadies' Black English Boots o qqLadies' Mahogany Tan English djo iqBoots, cloth tops to match, at po.M"UMisses' Gun Metal, button qq$5.50$4.50Men's Dark Tan English- Walk-Over and other famous makesMen's Tan English, Best Makes,atMen's Gun Metal Walk-Over, 0 (English . v..$0.4yMen's and Boys' .E. J. Best Wear- tfo aqing Shoes, heavy flexible oles pOJBoys"7 Tan Army Shoesat$3.49DAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe Store- Where Beauty and Economy ReignxAriV1 Mr. Wm. H. Whaley, f6r-$,100. Vv"L0'.'1, ",r. ..&2'fcXJ. f. j AV