iTHENEWSMiPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR,- xVOLUME XXX VI ItPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JUNE 3. 1919BOURBONFATHER SHOOTS CHILD WALK-ING IN SLEEP.One of the most deplorable accidents that ever happened in, Parisoccurred at an early hour Saturdaymorning, resulting in an eight-year-oldboy being "badly disfigured, evenif the physicians succeed in sayinghis life.James R. Clough, an. employe ofthe Louisville & Nashville road, residing on. Scott avenue, was awakened about two o'clock by his wife,who told him some one was on theback porch endeavoring to open thekitchen door. Mr. Clough arose,and placing a shell in a shotgun, demanded to know who was at thedoor. Repeating the demand and receiving no reply, he fired at the door,which was being slowly opened. Tohis horror he heard a voice whichhe recognized as that of his ftight-year-oldson, exclaiming: "Oh. dady,you have snot me!" The little fellow had been walking in his sleep,and had gone outside the housewithout awakening his parents, andwas returning when his motherheard him opening the door.The shot took . Sect on the rightside of the . face, tearing outthe right eye, and badly mutilatingthe face. He was rushed to the Massie Memoorial Hospital, where it wassaid yesterday that he had a chancefor recovery. The boy's parents areovercome with grief over the unfortunate occurrence.oBINDERTWINE THATGOOD KIND.GOODGet your binder twine from us-we will save you money.(3-2t) FARMERS' SUPPLY CO.JIONEY RIGHT IN YOUR HANDFOR EGGS. POULTRYAND JUNK.Highest cash price for eggs,poultry, hides and junk.MUNICH & WIDES CO.,(11-tf) Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.oEXECUTOR'S SALE OP CITYPROPERTY.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney sold Saturday for William Hughes, executor,the following properties: Storeroom'on Eighth street, occupied by Custis Talbott, as grocery store, to J. A.Sullivan, for $2,410; two' houses located at corner of Thomas avenueand Hanson street, to James Hughes,for $1,880. .IPFRANK & CO.LADIES OUTFITTERSSpecial LotofLadies' Suitsat$15.00Just Received:June ShipmentofWelworth Waistsat $2.50i' Wirthmor Waistsat $1.50FRANK & CO.LADIES1 OUTFITTERS .Automobile DeliveryijPROMINENT CAPITALISTS WANTI TO BUILD NEW HOTEL.Not only those harbinsrers of commerce, the traveling men, and thetransients who make Paris often, butstaid old business men have often remarked the need of an up-to-datehotel for Paris. The scheme has beenbroached a number of times, and anumber of available sites selected forthe prospective new hostelry, butnothing came of it.Five of the wealthiest and mostprominent business men of the cityand the county were at luncheon atthe Stout Cafe yesterday, when afterdiscussing a number of subjects, oneof the number remarked:"Say, men, don't you know I havebeen thinking for some time, thatwith all the ready money there is inParis and Bourbon county, it is ashame that the city hasn't one reallyup-to-date hotel? I am going tomake a proposition to you fellows,and see what will come of it. If wecan secure a suitable site for it let'sget up a big company, not on paper,but a really sure-enough one, withthe ready money back of them, andgive this old town a good hotel. Itcertainly needs it bad enough. Thereis every argument in favor of it, andas the money would not be hard toraise at the present time, I proposethat we see what we can do with theproject." And then he went on intodetail, with the result that the otherfour capitalists became enthusiasticover the matter, and agreed to putup a large amount of cash as theirshare in the venture. It was agreedthat the hostelry should cost not lessthan $150,000, and that as soon asthe money had been raised and thesite secured the work should begin.The men who indulged in the discussion are not given to joking, beingmen of good judgment and businessacumen, and itJa probable that atlast a movement may be started thatwill result in Paris having a modernhotel that will be an ornament to thetown and a money-maker to the promoters. oINSURANCE.Fire, Tornado, LightningAutomobile and Hail.YERKES & PEED.(jaul4-tf)oASK FOR BITTER'S SALT RISINGBREAD.When you go to your grocer ordealer ask them for Ritter's salt rising bread, a local food made fromchoice pure materials.RITTER'S BAKERY.(25apr-12-t)INTERESTING OH NOTESThe Lee-Kent Oil Company starteddrilling yesterday on their lease,which promises to give good results.The Lane Oil Company has commenced drilling two new wells andare progressing nicely with theirwork. They sold yesterday the firsttank of oil from their No. 1 well.The Greater Kentucky PetroleumCompany's first allotment of stock isbeing readily subscribed. The popular promoter, Mr. John Stuart, is ahustler, and a great future for hiscompany is ' predicted.Stockholders of the Parboken OilCompany received their . certificatesyesterday for stock in the company.The certificates were mailed out yesterday morning, and were in thehands of the stockholders by noon.The Lane Oil Company has openednew offices in the Price storeroom onMain street, recently vacated by theParis Oil Exchange. Miss FrancesHancock has accepted a position asstenographer in the office.The Bourbon Oil & DevelopmentCo. brought in their well No. 3 lastweek on the W. H. Rayder lease,which is said to be good for twentyfive barrels per day. The company'sNo. 5 well on the Millie Freemanlease was also brought in Saturday,and is good for twenty-five barrelsor better. Both wells have beenhooked up for pumping.The Co-operating Land and Developing Company, of Paris, received atelegram Saturday night stating thatits No. 1 well on the Tyree lease inLee county, on Bald Creek Fork, hadbeen brought in with a goodly flow ofseveral barrels of oil. This companyis also drilling in its No. 1 well onthe Thomas-Hyra tract in Lee county, and their No. 2 well on the DavisWolfenbarger lease in Estill county.The following Bourbon countywomen are in Ashland to-day as representatives from the different Clubsof the county to the meeting of theState Federation of Clubs, which begins there to-day: Mrs. Frank P.Lowry, Mrs. James McClure and MissElizabeth Grimes, from the Paris Literary Club; Mrs. Fanniebelle Sutherland, representing the City Federation of Clubs; Mrs. Allie Smith Dixonand Mrs. John T. Collins, from theNorth Middletown Womens Club.The Paris Oil Exchange which wasopened in the Price buildingf aboutsix weeks ago, by parties who areoperating similar enterprises in Winchester and Mt. Sterling, has closedits business here. The room hasbeen taken over by a number of oilcompanies doing business in Parisand will be fitted up as office room.The companies to be represented inthe move are the Parboken, the Lane,the Old Rosebud, the Associated OilRoyalties, and the Greater KentuckyPetroleum Co.The Carlisle Mercury has the following; "Over in Paris they organize a newoil company about every other nightand Carlisle buys the stock."It has been suggested that if thegrowth of ten cent oil companies continue, the mint may have difficultyin coining money fast enough to keeppace with the number of stock certificates. In that case, certificateswill have to serve as legal tender,and the sight of a man laying in provisions and paying for bacon andbeans with oil stock will becomecommon. Truly, they'll have to geta hustle on up at Washington."Selecting the musical-soundingname of the Little Banjo Oil and GasCo., a new-comer in the local fieldis the organization by that name,wihch effected an organization Friday by electing the following officersand Board of Directors: President,Judge George Batterton; vice-president,James H. Moreland; secretary,John Mattox; treasurer, Silas E.Bedford; field manager, James H.Moreland. The directorate is composed of th following: R. H. Wills,lira Parks, C. D. Wilson, E. B. Myers,J. L. Denton, H. S. Redmon, J. H.Moreland, Thos. McDonald, James H.Moreland. The Company has holdings of 1,250 acres on NewcomeCreek, in Elliott county, surroundedon all sides by production. There ison the property a thirty-five barreloil well and a gas well with a capacity of 1,000,000 cubic feet daily.oABOUT ALL GONE DON'T GETLEFT.The present issue of the 10 centstock of the Lane Oil Company ispractically sold out. If you willread their prospectus you will wantsome of this stock. Better put inyour application NOW if you wantto get in on the ground floor. (It)City licenses are now due andshould be paid promptly to CityTreasurer W. W. Mitchell. Penalties will soon attach to those failingto comply with this law.(27-5t)JOHN DEERE BINDERS.If you want the best and strongestbinder made, buy a John Deere. Wesave you money on refrigerators,lawn mowers, paints and varnishes.(30-2t) ' FARMERS' SUPPLY CO.COMMERCIAL DEPARTMENTOPHIGH SCHOOL BANQUETTEACHERThe beginning of the 1919 commencement events was a banauetgiven to a popular member of theHigh school faculty.on Tuesday, May 26, from 4:30 to:00, the minils of the CVimmp.rp.iaTDepartment of the Paris High Schoolgave a banquet in honor of theirteacher, Miss Flora Rav. head of thedepartment. The room was beautifully decorated in Donnies and whitepeonies, carrying out the colorscneme of orange and white. Thetable was arranged for forty-fiveguests, including special friends oftne class, and the High School faculty. Before the guests were seatedIrene Alexander, as a representativeof the class, presented to Miss Ray,in a very charming manner, a fountain pen as a token of annreciationof the Class of '19, to which Miss'Rayresponded very graciously. Duringlunch members of the faculty toldpleasing and interesting stories. After refreshments were served theguests repaired to the gymnasiumand spent the remaining portion ofthe evening dancing.oAUTO AND MOTORCYCLE COLLIDETWO MEN ARE HURTWhile coming from Hutchison toParis about seven o'clock Sundaynight, a motorcycle on which Wm.Ginn, of Hutchison, and Wm. Harp,of near Paris, were riding, was struckby an auto driven by English Anderson, of near Mt. Sterling. Both mensustained serious injuries.The motorcycle was coming downthe pike at a fair rate of speed, andsighting the oncoming machine, drewas they thought, out of the way. Butit seems that the leeway was notenough, as the auto crushed intothem, landing fairly on top of themotorcycle, and dragging it alongthe interurban track at that point forseveral yards. The men were thrownoff their machine, falling on the interurban track some distance away.Anderson returned to the scene andassisted in removing the men. Harpsustained a broken ankle. He wassent to a Lexington hospital. Ginnwas severely bruised and shaken up,and was removed to his home nearHutchison. Mr. Anderson gave orders that the men should have thebest of attention, and agreed to getthem a new machine.BEST PENCE IN THE WORLD:BIG STOCK AT LOWRY & MAY'She American is the best fence inthe world and sold at same price asinferior fences. We have" a splendidstock of all sizes and styles.(27-4t) LOWRY & MAY.oTHE HOT WEATHER STOVESCHAMBERS PTRELESS GASRANGES.Get a pamphlet and see what youcan save by using a Chambers Fireless Gas Range. Let us show youthis stove it's a wonder.(30-8t) JOHN MERRINGER.o iMUSICAL RECITAL.A brilliant recital in piano andvoice was given Friday afternoonand evening at the auditorium of theParis High School by the members ofthe intermediate and beginnersclasses of Miss E. D. Giltner. The recital was up to the usual high standard maintained by Miss Giltner, andwas given in the presence of a largeand appreciative audience. Each oneon the program, acquitted herself andhimself with credit, attesting thesplendid training they had been given. The program is a very lengthyone, too long to print in this issue,owing to lack of spare. It was fullof good things, and we regret thatwe have not the space to give it inits entirety.oOIL INVESTMENTS MUTUAL RE-PTNING IOC SHARE.Some people are always ready to say:"Oil investments will never pay;That the stocks are worthless fakes;That the promotors are crooked assnakes."But if you will stand by the railroadtrack,Watch the tank cars pass, you'll takeit back.Go home at once; stop your whining;Get busy now, buy Mutual Refining!Large profits in business can neverbe madeBy the investor, who, to hold hisstock, is afraid.Here is the place to let your moneytoil;Now is the time to buy Mutual Oil!Now selling at ten cents per share.MUTUAL OIL & REFINING CO.411 Main Street, Paris, Ky301 Security Trust Bldg.,Lexington, Ky.oAUTOS COLLIDE.In a collision on Main street Saturday at noon between the auto delivery wagon of Frank & Co. and theCumberland Telephone Co.'s repairauto, the Frank machine was considerably damaged.One of the front wheels ' wassmashed and the machine otherwisedamaged. The Cumberland machinewas slightly damaged. No one washurt. The accident, which happenedin front of Jas. E. Craven's restaurTant, is said to have been caused byone of the machines skidding on thewet surface of the street.BOURBON COUNTY BRINGS SUITAGAINST TELEPHONE 'COMPANIESTwo suits of the greatest interestto the citizens of Paris and Bourboncounty were filed in the office of Circuit Clerk Wm. H. Webb, Saturday,by County Attorney D. D. Cline, representing the plaintiff, Bourboncounty, (me being against the Cumberland Telephone & Telegraph Company, a corporation, Mr. H. H. Floyd,manager, and A. L. Burleson, Postmaster-Generalof the United States,and the other against the Paris HomeTelephone & Telegraph Company, acorporation, Mr. J. J. Veatch, districtmanager, Mr. W. H. Cannon, localmanager, and A. L. Burleson, Postmaster-Generalof the United States.The petitions state that on May 1,1919, the defendants raised the ratesfor telephone service within the citylimits of Paris far beyond the maximum rates permitted in the franchisegranted them by the county. Theplaintiff prays for a judgment decreeing that said excess rate is illegal and a violation of the franchisecontract with the county, also for atemporary restraining order restraining the defendants from collectingany of the excess charges.The plaintiff also asks for an injunction permanently enjoining saiddefendants from maintaining saidrates and from collecting thereonsuch illegal excess charges, and ifany such collections have been made,requiring them to restore same to thesubscribers paying same, and for allcosts and proper equitable or legalrelief to which they may be entitled.The suits will likely come up for ahearing at the coming term of theBourbon Circuit Court, and will bewatched with great interest by thecitizens of the city and county, whohave been greatly interested in thematter of increased telephone rates,and who will watch the outcome.A GOOD TIME TO BUY STOCK INTHE LANE OIL CO.The Atlantic Refining Companyare drilling two wells within twohundred feet of the Lane Oil Company's lease. When these wells comein the stock of the Lane Companywill surely jump , skyward. Lookslike it would be well to buy stock inthis company while it is low. Readtheir advartisement elsewhere inthis issue. (It)oSOMETHING NEW.Beautiful novelties for graduatinggifts.(30-tf) THE A. J. WINTERS CO.oWOOL WANTEDWill pay highest marketprice. Sacks furnished free.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(apr!8-tf)WE KNOW MWjSTRAWIS HEREDon't Be Without One !There is nothing in the way of headwear that takesthe place of a Straw Hat or Panama in hot weather.We are showing all shapes and kinds in Panamas,Leghorns, Bankoks, Plain Sailor Straws, Rough Braidsand Sennets.A very stylish rough straw made with turned-upbrim, one of the newest styles shown in town for theyoung fellow who wants something extremely differentself-conforming and very light weight.PanamasFrom$5.00 to $12.00Straw HatsFrom$2.00 to $5.00Take off that hot felt hat and replace it with a cool,comfortable straw.MITCHELLTfiLAKEiREtTO CELEBRATE OR NOT TO CELEBRATETHE QUESTIONTo paraphrase the declaration ofHamlet, in his famous soliloquy"To be or not to be" Paris peoplewill hear it said "To celebrate or notto celebrate." This has an especialreference to the meeting to be heldin the court house to-morrow nightto take the sense of the people ofParis as to the propriety of holdinga celebration of the Glorious Fourthof July.Exery person who is interested inthe movement is asked to be at thcourt house to-morrow night at 7:30o'clock and to give the workers inthe movement their hearty supportIt is intended to make the celebration really a warm welcome, or anofficial one, to the returned soldiersand sailors from Bourbon county whohave been overseas and in the campsthroughout the county. They havebeen gladly welcomed home by theirfriends and relatives, but it hadbeen suggested by a number of partriotic citizens that they should begiven an official welcome, made tofeel that Bourbon county was gladto have them home again. And thenatural conclusion was that theFourth of July would be the most appropriate day for the event. Shall itbe a go or shall it be a fizzle? Letus hope it will be the former. Attendthe meeting Wednesday night.oCity licenses are now due andshould he paid promptly to CityTreasurer W. W. Mitchell. Penalties will soon attach to those failingto comply with this law.(27-5t)oCity licenses are now due andshould he paid promptly to CityTreasurer W. W. Mitchell. Penalties will soon attach to those failingto comply with this law.(27-5t)REAL ESTATE TRANS ACTIONSThe Wakefield Realty Co., of Shelbyville, has recently purchased a.tract of land located at the intersection of the Maysville and North Middletown pikes, from Mr. Wm. H.Whaley. The land will be gradedand subdivided and sold at publicauction at a date in the early fall tobe announced later on.An important transaction in Parte--realestate was consummated recently when the Independent TobaccoWarehouse Co. nurchased from J. W.Bacon several hundred feet of groundwhich includes the site of the company's sales houses, which had previouslv been under lease. The companywill at once begin the erection of anadditional sales warehouse.miaIt4fti',Tifl!f ,I ,Ji!Mi4H,tfTEE BOURBON NEWS, PAHS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, JUNE 3, 1919ftAGE TWO!HI!!Nf-J f. 'fti'i ;t' r1.yq'.VJt 1THh BOURBON NEWSrtaMished 188137 Years of Coatinuous PublicationfiH&Iied ETery Tuesday and FridayPer Year. .$2.00 6 Months..? 1.00Payable la Adavance.'BfflGET CHAMP. Editor and Owner.tyfctored at the Paris, Kentucky.Poetoffice as Mall Hatter of theBeoond Class.)Any erroneous reflection upon the(ihamoter, standing or reputation otfltay "person, firm or corporation which.ay joppear in the columns of THBpURBON NEWS will be gladly corrected it brought to attention of theADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perfaich. for first time; 50 cents per inchHaoh subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per linefetch 'Issue; reading notices in black'n?6, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cords of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, and-f&nllar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemeats and yearly contracts.'Hie right of publisher is reseived'to"decline any advertisement or othermatter for publication.Announcements for political officestoast Invariably be accompanied bytiio cash.TO KEEP SOLDIERS BUSY.When seventy-three soldiers cameHome to Butler County, Ky., the city-oX "Mprgantown, of course, celebrated. After the shouting was over, thecounty agent got the boys togetherto talk over things quietly. In writing about this meeting, the agentDsajd:"I called the soldier boys togetherUnS talked to them of an organization of some kind to work for bettermethods of farming, better social conditions and better citizenship for thecounty."S&&DES OP THE IKHORTALDANIELA'gdod test question in a generalknowledge examination paper forEiigiigh college students, or for thejiewHuse of Commons, would be.Jfaethree United States Senators,;$itb.iit .States they represent inCongress. The number -of peopie anteto score a full mark would be distressingly small. The truth is, onesuspects, that the American Senate,or the French, does not exist for theordinary Englishman, even when hiseducation has been, as things go,pretty good. The man with a littleknowledge of American history mayfiavfe dim memory of a past Senator or two Charles Summers, say,AKdyRicTiard Webster.0Tihe cotton mills in India employnearly 300,000 persons and pressingmills more than a third as many additional workers.Big SpringValuesGinghams, values up to 35c, go at 20c yardPercale at 20c yardVoiles at 1 5c yardNainsook, 50c values, at 39c yardOuting cloth at .' 1 9c yardBest Bed Ticking that sold at 75c goes at. . .49c yardAll Dry Goods at Way Below CostFor 10 Days Only.I Am Going. to Sell Out My China andGranite Ware at Costand now is your chance to get some good values. Alsoall LEATHER GOODS, such as Pocketbooks, go at COST.Don't miss this sale, as we will save you money on lotsof things you have to have.CHILDREN'S DRESSES AT COSTLadies' Shirtwaists Go the Same WayThis Sale Starts Saturday, May 31Be On Hand EarlyRemember, All Dry Goods at Cost.PARIS RACKET STOREftfiniAND WfJlkK I CONTBTOES TO,Is-JEE IHHfcN STBEAS "'Anyone who "wishes to indulge ina soliloquy on theorise and fall ofemprise should visit Coblenz andwalk down to the banks of the Rhine.Where the Moselle meets the Rhine,there stands a famous statue of Emperor William I., a huge equestrianfigure. Plumed, booted and spurred,William sits on his horse in trueHohenzollern fashion and gazes downthe great river, which, swollen bythe waters of the Moselle, whirls ina thousand eddies towards the sea.On the massive pedestal which supports the statue is an inscriptionwhich, for sheer irony, surely is unequalled. Finding the old-fashioned letteringdifficult to decipher, we approachedan official. He was an old man,obviously an old soldier, but thoughhis beard was gray, he was straightas a ramrod, and his blue uniformspotless. He drew himself to attention, and as if repeating the centralfact of his faith, uttered these words:"Nimmer wird das reich zersteretwenn ihr einig seid und treu."( ("Never will the empire be destroyed if you remain united andtrue.")Then he turned on his heel andwalked away.Immediatelv under a statue a woman surrounded by a crowd of khakiI clad figures was doing a roaring tradej in imitation iron crosses, and up theRhine came four large river steamjers. They had paddle-wheels andtwo funnels, and their German nameswere painted in bold letters. Fromend to end they were packed with.American soldiers. On the bridge anAmerican officer stood side by sidewith the German skipper. The miliI tary band played in the bows of eachship, and from the stern flew the! Stars and Stripes. The bridge swungslowly open to allow this strangeflotilla to pass through on its waytto Bingen.And William I still gazed clown tneriver, an American flag floated inthe breeze on Ehrenbreitstein, and onthe quay a crowd of German bourgeoisie, clad in Sunday garments,surveyed this amazing scene with noapparent emotion.Yet perhaps if one could penetratethat stolid exterior, one might findthat the old soldier was not alone inthe bitterness of his soul.SHEEP -XOSSES TO BE PAID INPUIIi.2In construing part of the new dogln-wr Attnmpv funeral D. C. Wvattgave his opinion to Commissioner ofAgriculture uonen, mtorming mmthat all valid subsisting claims under the old dog law were to be provided for under the new act andwere to be paid in full. The opinionin part says:The assistant attorney general isof the opinion that the 1918 claimsmust be paid in full even if it takesall of the 1919 taxes for this purpose. The question arose in Madisoncounty, where 4,000 sheep claims arepending for 1918 with $1,350 in thedog fund for the same year. Thedog fund for that county for 1919amounts to $1,700 and it will takeboth funds to pay the claims, and thetotal fund will hardly cover theamount due on the claims. Commissioner Cohen did not know whetherthe claims shold be paid in full orprorated as provided under the olddog law.VMILLBRSBURGCol. W. M. Layson continuesabout the same.Regular meeting of City Council,Wednesday at 8:00 p. m.Regular meeting of Amity LodgeNo. 40, F. & A. M., at 8:30 p. m.to-day.Union prayer meeting Wednesday at 8:00 ip. m., at Christianchurch.We still haye a iiice line of 5ccigars. Call and purchase, and youwill call again.Mrs. Anna Cummings, of Jackson, was the 'guest of her cousin,Mrs. Mattie Jones, 'from Friday untilMonday.The commencement exercises ofthe colored graded school will be heldat the colored I; O. O. F. building at8:00 p. m. to-day. There will be fourgraduates.WANTED. One thousand, fourhundred and sixty roosters wanted.Commencing Monday, June 2nd, forone week, we will pay above the market price, in order to get our number.(3-2t) JONES BROS.Col. and Mrs. C. M. Best andMajor Harry R. Rodhe left Saturdayin their touring car for their annualsummer outing. The greater part ofthe time will be spent in camping atWildwood, near Atlantic City. Theywill also spend a time in Philadelphia, Washington, and a few otherpoints.R. M. CALDWELL.The election for voting on theconsolidated school at Millersburgwas called off a few days ago, whena compromise was reached betweenthe opposing factions. All haveagreed to cut out the consolidatedschool. A tax of 25 cents on thehundred will be voted on in Augustfor the purpose of giving Millersburga better building on more appropriate grounds. The High School willbe continued and Millersburg willhave a public school system secondto none in Kentucky. While the consolidated school is lost, those whohave contended for a better schoolin Millersburg have been victorious,and the agitation will take theGraded School building from its present location and place a better building on more suitable grounds. Thisis but the beginning of larger andbetter things for -Millersburg alongthe line of graded and high schoolwork, and those who stood firmly fora better school for Millersburg are tobe congratulated.oOLEIKA TEMPLE SHRINERS' CEREMONIAL AT LEXINGTON.More than 400 Shriners from thefour temples of the State attendedthe Summer Ceremonial of the OleikaTemple, in Lexington, Friday. Aclass of eighty was taken "over thehot sands of Mecca," in the ceremonies beginning at 2 o'clock in the afternoon. The ceremonies were begun at twoo'clock, and lasted until nearly sixo'clock with Potentate Theo. S. Jonespresiding. -A banquet at the PhoenixHotel at which there was an attendance of 580 Shriners and their guestswas one of the features of the day'sprogram. Past Potentate CharlesHarris, of Versailles, whe recentlycame Lieutenant Governor, SamDaley, of Lexington, and Brown Y.Willis, of Nicholasville, were thespeakers at the banquet. Noble ClaySutherland, of Paris, and Miss JaneLogan, of Lexington, sang, accompanied at the piano by Miss Narcie Pollitt, instructor at Hamilton College.The banquet was followed by a dancein Fraternity Hall, in MasonicTemple.Shriners were present from ElHasa Temple, Ashland, Kosair Temple, Louisville, Mizpah Temple, Madisonville and Oleika Temple, Lexing-'ton. Most of the candidates were fromCentral Kentucky. Mrs. Guy Johnson was in charge of the entertainment of the women of the delegationduring their stay in the city.oWORDS 0E WISDOM EROM AN OLDHEAD.We've often wanted to say it, butjust couldn't get it framed up right,but now Editor James M. Allen putsit into the very Tightest kind of language, in his excellent paper, TheCynthiana Democrat, thusly:"Get it out of your head that coun-,try newspapers need 'something tofill up.' There might have been atime when such a 'long felt wantexisted, but never again! The problem these days is for country newspapers to find room for the legitimate news and advertisements thatmust run. This reflection is occasioned by a man's bringing The Democrat, the other day, a list of severalhundred signatures to a certain roadsubscription fund, with the suggestion that perhaps we should like toprint it in order to 'fill up.' Cut 'erdown, 'men condense; nix on the'fill up!"oIMPROVEMENT NOTES.Construction work has begun onthe new addition to the Geo. W.Davis undertaking establishment, atthe corner of Pleasant and Fifthstreets. The new addition will be ofbrick, two stories, and will .providea great amount of additional garageroom for the establishment.A new roof is being placed on thebuilding at the corner of Main andSixth streets, occupied by the Farmers & Traders Bank, the David Feldstore and the Paris Rocket Store.oNOTICE TO SUBSCRIBERS!Subscribers to THE NEWS' are requested to report promptly to thisoffice failure of carriers, either cityor rural, to leave their papers. THENEWS uses every precaution to getpapers to subscribers promptly.Call 124, either phone, if your paper does not arrive, and another willbe sent or mailed to you. ft is ouraim to give good service, and therehas been little or no complaint recently. We- will appreciate your cooperation in this respect..UMEED WAE WOBKTIONS.COLLEC-Kentucky stands above the average of the 14 States comprising theCentral Army Department in thecollections of the United War WorkCampaign Fund.On May 20, according to the latestfigures reached by H. S. Tucker, StateCollector of the fund, 85 per cent, ofthe $2,214,067 subscribed, had beencollected. The average for the Central Army Department States is about82 per cent. Kentucky is among theleaders in the amount collected.Thirty-three counties in Kentucky,28 per cent, of the total, have paidtheir pledges in full. The honor listis:Adair, Allen, Anderson, Boyd,Bracken, Breathitt, Breckinridge,Bullitt, Butler, Clinton, Cumberland, Elliott, Fleming, Fulton,Grant, Grayson, Green, Harlan,Hickman, Johnson, LaRue, Leslie,Lyon, McCreary, Magoffin, Marion,Metcalfe, Monroe, Owen, ' Powell,Rebertson, Union, Webster.Thirty-five other counties have collected 90 per cent, or more of thetotal that is, 68 counties out of the120 in the State, or 56 per centhave paid 90 per cent, or more oftheir subscriptions.Only seven counties in the Statehave failed to pay less than half ofthe amount subscribed.In the universities, colleges, etc.,of the State, 13 have paid their subscriptions in full. They are, Millersburg Academy, Millersburg FemaleCollege, Baptist Women's MissionSshool, Kentucky Military College,Villa Madonna Academy, Union College, Loretto College, St. Mary'sCollege, Nazareth Literary Institute,Langdo-n School, St. Vincent's College, Cumberland College, and Kentucky Female College. Sixty-five percent of the amount subscribed hasbeen paid. Eleven schools have added to their payments since the lastreport in March. They are, LindsayWilson, Kentucky College for Women, Transylvania, University ofLouisville, Sue Bennett Memorial,Bethel, Logan, Berea and LincolnInstitute. Of a toal subscription of?32,350, nearly $21,150 has beenpaid in.oTHE BARNES EUND GROWING(Stanford Interior-Journal.)The Interior-Journal managementis much gratified at the growth ofthe Barnes Monument Fund sincethe list was last published. Friendsof the good evengelist are beginningto realize what they have neglectedso long and are making amends byresponding liberally to the fund toplace a monument over the gravesof Rev. and 'Mrs. George O. Barnesin Bellevue Cemetery, Danville. Itis hoped that at least $1,000 may beraised for the purpose. As to thedesign of the monument, it strikesus that Miss Marie Barnes' wishesshould be considered. She has longwanted a monument to mark theresting place of her parents and Itis very certain that she has alreadydecided on the design. Friends andadmirers of the good evengelist willdo their part in securing the moneyfor the monument and they needhave no fears about Miss MarieBarnes co-operating with them as tothe design. In other words, let every friend of the late "BrotherBarnes," as he was affectionatelycalled, contribute a small amount tothe fund the design can be decidedupon later.oJEFFERSON HAD A DRILLThe farmer of to-day, who canbuy implements for almost any kindof farm work, can hardly realize howmuch thought the farmer of a century ago had to put on farm machinery. That Thomas Jefferson, whowas intensely interested in xbetterfarming, gave much time and Attention to improved machinery can beseen from the following extract froma letter written to Mr. John Taylorin 1808:"Your ingenious friend, Mr. Martin, formerly made for me a drill ofvery fine construction. I am verydesirous of sending one of them tothe Agricultural Society of Paris,with whom I am in correspondence,and who are sending me a plow supposed to be of the best construction."You will be so good as to get Mr.Martin to make me one of his bestdrills, sparing no pains to make theworkmanship worthy of the object,to pack it in a box, and contrive toget it to me at Fredricksburg."oBUILD LIME SHED.The farmers about Lewisport, Ky.,are determined to have ground limestone to haul to their farms whenever they happen to be on the roadhome with an empty wagon. Nofarmer was allowed to take morethan $5 worth of stock in the shedso that a great many farmers mightbe interested. The County Agent inwriting the College of Agriculturelately said:"Money now in the bank for thebuilding of the shed besides enoughto pay the freight on two carloadsof limestone. This shows what eighteen progressive farmers can do."oSILAGE IS TESTED.On May 12th the annual Stationfed cattle sale was held at the Experiment Station farm at Lexington.Twenty head of silage-fed steers soldat $16.25 per hundred. Ten head ofthese animals had been fed wheatstraw and corn silage. The otherlot got straw and sorghum silage.Both lots were fed exactly the sameamount of cotton seed meal andgrain. This year completed the second year test on the relative valueof corn silage and sorghum silage.The large crowd of feeders and farmers present expressed surprise at thefinish of the cattle-fed sorghumwhen compared with those fed cornsilage.O-TWhales used to walk. That is thestatement of Prof. d'Arcy Thompson,authority on, fishes ,of the sea, in alecture on triaf subject at the. RoyalInstitution, London.QUIUK SUCCESSPaducah Violinist Noticed Trutona'sBenefits From "The VeryStart"PADUCAH, KY., June 2r 1919."Trutona seemed to help me from thevery start," was the enthusiasticStatement made on May 9, by C. E.Mclver, 33 years old, a well-knownPaducah violinist, now playing at theArcada Theatre -here. Mr. Mclver resides at 1736 Harrison street."For some time I've been -troubledwith nervous indigestion," he continued. "My appetite was poor and thelittle food I ate didn't agree with me.It seemed that I just couldn't sleep atnight."I certainly think Trutona is a remarkable tonic for I rest easily ahundred per cent, better at nightnow. My appetite is so much better,too, and I'm not bothered with theindigestion any more. I have faithin Trutona and I'm glad to recommend it to those suffering as I did.I do hope they will give the newtonic a trial."Statements from people of Mr. McIver's reputation are doing much toconvince the most skeptical of Trutona's remarkable merits as a reconstructive tonic, system purifier andinvigorant.Trutona is now being introducedand explained in Paris at G. S. Varrden & Son's. (adv)oROOSTERS CAUSE YEARLY LOSSIS TO POULTRY RAISERS.Approximately $2,720,000 is lostannually to the farmers of Kentuckybecause of their failure to removecockerels from their poultry flocksat the proper time, according to figures given out recently by the poultry department of the College of Agriculture, University of Kentucky.By leaving the cockerels with theflock, the eggs are made fertile andas a result germinate that is startto develop into a chick at a temperature of 70 degrees. A germ whichhas started developing in an egg diesand putrifies unless the egg reaches100 degrees and remains there fortwelve hours, it spoils.Infertile eggs, it is pointed out, donot rot or spoil as quickly as fertileeggs and the hens will lay as manyeggs without the rooster.It is estimated there are 8,000,000laying hens in the State, and, eachwith an average production of sixtyeggs a year, will produce eggs havinga total value of $16,000,000 eachyear. But, on account of fertile eggs,17 per cent of this total is lost, orabout $2,720,000.The first .week in June has beenset aside as "rooster week," duringwihch time all Kentucky farmers areadvised to kill, sell or confine for therest of the summer all their roosters,as they are no longer needed forbreeding purposes.During the month of June the extension division of the College of Agriculture, will conduct a campaignthrough the western part of the Stateto educate the egg-buyers as to therequirements of law in candling eggsbefore accepting them.R. L. Cochran, of the bureau ofchemistry, Philadelphia, and A. S.Chapin,. specialist in poultry at theExperiment Station, will conduct thecampaign, starting out in Springfieldon June 3 and ending at Hardinsburg on June 27.The following excrept is from therules of the State Board of Health:"Between May 15 and January 15 ofeach year, all eggs in the market; orintended for market shall be handledonly on a candling basis, and no payment either in cash or merchandiseshall be made for those unfit forfood."oUNCLE SAM NEEDS THE' MONEY.In order to meet the requirementsof the Government, pending the deferred installments upon the VictoryLiberty Loan and deferred installments of income and profits taxes,Secretary of the Treasury Glass hasoffered through the Federal ReserveBanks, two series of U. S. TreasuryCertificates of Indebtedness.Series T4 is payable September15, 1919, and series T5 on December15. The offering of these securitiesfor further funds to fulfiir the financial obligations growing out of theworld war, and should be an incentive to all War Savings Societies todo their utmost to increase the salesof War Savings Stamps and ThriftStamps during the summer.By purchasing these small securities, the individual not only aids hisGovernment, but serves his own interest by making the best investment in the world and making astart that will lead to just the success that investor's sticking to itjustifies.oHE TOOK A THOUGHTTaylor Smith, a corn club boy inClay county, grew 135 bushels ofcorn on an acre last season. No oneis ever satisfied, for in writing of hiswork, he closed his letter by .saying1:"The fourth time I went throughand cleaned the weeds out of it.That made four times I cultivatedmy corn in all. When I left my cornit was in good growing cultivation.After my corn had been planted, Itook a thought. If it had been drilled, the yield might have been largerthan it really was. But I was verywell pleased with the yield I had."oNew York's postal savings deposi-tors increased by 2,567 in January.There was a gain in deposits of$907,184.oNearly 57,000,01)0 more passengersused New. York's transportation lineslast year than during the previoustwelve months.Ford For SaleFord car in-good condition. If soldat once for cash it can be bought ata bargain.(30-tf) MARTIN BROS. 'FoundFound, on streets of Paris, a ladiea'brooch pin Owner may have someby proving property and paying forthis advertisements Enquire atNEWS office. xSweet Potato PlantsFresh out of our own bed.BUSY BEE CASH STORE.Auto For SaleThree-passenger Studebaker roadster,. goodas new. Will demonstrateit. Call Cumberland Phone 552.(I3-tf) S. E. McCLANAHAN.Alfalfa and Stock FarmsIn the famous black paririe belt ofNortheast Mississippi, ranging from50 to 200 acres.Write for literature and prices.MISSISSIPPI FARM SALESAGENCY,Columbus, Miss.(tilll3june)For 2 Weeks OnlyBig Assortment of NiceFURNITUREIce Boxes, Bugs, Dininer Boom Sets,Davenports, Davenettes, LookingGlasses, Pictures, Sfbves, Porch. Settees, Cnairs, Bockers, Morris Chairs,Side Boards, Organs, Piano. A lotof Children's Dresses.All must he sold regardless ofvalue.These goods will he on sale at sureenongfr bargain prices, 'plainly marked on each -article, at-the large storeroom next door to Harris & Dale'srestaurant.Call at THE BUSY BEE CASHSTORE for key.The prices will sell you 'the goodswithout a salesman.(30mey3tbrighter;TBVENINGSNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.useGlee trie e'tyfor DgbtingIt's the only satisfactory way.use JasTorReating and CookingIt's the only-sensible plan.Let Us Fix You UpFor the Use of BothElectricity and Gas.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incomoxated)Eye Examination!We use in our examination of theeyes the OPTHALMOMETER, theOPTHALMOSCOPE, RETINOSCOPEand many other instruments combined with the trial case. We -alsomake trans-illuminary and bloodpressure tests.We specialize in theFITTING OF KRYPTOKS,The invisible bifocal lenses.Charges moderate to all.Dr. Wm. Riley FranklinSuite 203-204 First National BankBoth Phones. Paris. Kj.''liVCrfir-9 JrtSB I 5 utsljTry Traction Service ForPackage or FreightDeliveriesKy. Traction & TermiaalCo...v$v. WV',-, w , . 4";-rTUESDAY, JUNE 3, 1319THE BOUXSOlf HEW PATHS, XXHTOCKfTABmmyS57aS&jKSkKfsT-' ns -3j -ssskvjr"i, 'ijmi ai wv bbbtsvbbbemRSLrfrmckmgfim,WtLT MTry this Powdered Soap Today!Grandma's Powdered SoapSaves TIME Saves WORK Saves SOAPYour Grocer Has It!MICKIE SAYSIS THE STEAD-W SUB-SCR.BERVOUO PAN-S PER HS PA.-PttEfcCA NEM5.-R. VJHEM iS DUE .AT fHs Fouw-im of -ro-oTrVtrV STEAO-ttN SUB-SCRSEB.rt lOVl- G.K.V D11CA - eUJ:$astfiKENTUCKY TEEE SEEDS TO BESENT TO EUEOPE.The American Forestry Association"will endeavor to provide France,Great Britain -and Belgium withAmerican, forest tree seed to replacethe devastated forest regions of warstricken countries.Various States of the Union havebeen asked to furnish, seed and Kentucky has agreed to furnish fiftypounds of pin oak, one hundredpounds of red oak, twenty-fivepounds of sugar maple, and twentyfive pounds of silver maple.The seeds for Kentucky's pro ratawill he gathered this fall under thesupervision of J. E. Barton, commissioner of forestry and geology.oLarge fields or iron ore similar tothose of Cuba and the Philippineshave been discovered in the DutchEast Indies.The "world's annual cotton cropaverages two and a half milliontons.Professional Cards.DR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and ThroatBOOMS 403-404STEST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGPHONE 136WM, GRANNAIVAttorney-at-LawBOOHS 401-402ETBST NATL BANK BUILDINGl-fUgg?-? i.-it:AI -I Wr w . f r-. . . w . JS TA&( ''jSjip-KEEPHave You ISeen Our Assortment o 1WESTING HOUSEFANSAll sizas and M-icM. Tht llttlt individual bdrrwfim kr JkSiminilbk arid tht y don't cost rmtchtitfcar.T. W. SPICERNo Wastingof Bar Soap!NO decidedly no, whenGRANDMA is around.ino oar soap lying inwaterwastingaway No chipping.slicing or shavins; off more than youneed. GRANDMA is a wonderfulsoapand it is Powdered. That'ithe big. secret. You just .Measureout what you need, no more. SpfinHoit in the tub and presto just likemagic, millions of glorious, cleansingsuds in an instant Then, the whitest,cleanest, freshest clothes that everhung on a wash line.JAP PAPER PEAES POWEE OFUNITED STATE IN EAST."If Russia is unable to manas-p "hSiberian railways, Japan and China&1DUUIU atiena to me task, because ofgeographical, diplomatic and strategical reasons," says the JapaneseHochi. "If the United States is to cooperate for the management of therailways, owing to China's inabilityto do so, Japan is entitled to take theprincipal part, but just the reverse isthe case. Japan mobilized tens ofthousands of tioops for Siberia, ajidmade heavy sacrifices to restore order, over 20,000 troops being still detained there. The number of American troops is only 7,000, and eventhen they are stationed in the rear,rendering no particular service.What reason is there, therefore, whyJapan sliould be subordinate to theUnited States? The United Stateshas been economic interests, evengoing the devotion herself to the cultivation of Bolsheviks. If this stateof affairs continues, Japan's so-calledspecial position in China and Siberiawill be trampled under foot by theUnited States, and the whole of theOrient may be placed under the eccjiomic control Qf that country."WEITZEL HEIES PLAN REOPENING CAPITAL HOTEL.Rebuilding of the Capital Hotel,at Frankfort, destroyed by fire, before the next session of the GeneralAssembly, in January, is probable.Lieut. Col. George T. Veitzel, representing the Weitzel heirs, ownersof the property, has been conferringwith a committee of the Chamber ofCommerce in regard to the matter,and. presented a definite propositionfor the organization of a companywith sufficient capital to finance theenterprise.The plans agreed on will restorethe exterior in the style of the famous old building, but the interiorwill be entirely modern.An enlarged lobby, mezzanine,dining room along the east side andlegislative committee rooms upstairs,are planned.The dining room would be designed for use as a ball room as before.It will cost approximately $300,000. HAWKER'S FUNEBAL HELD UP.If Harry Hawker should attendthe moving pictures in London thisweek he might feel as if be had beenresurrected from the dead. LikeHuckleberry Finn, be will witnessthe imposing and cheering spectacleof his own tragic end and funeral.An ambitious and imaginative cartoonist on the staff of one of the filmcomDanies drew a uicture of the iastrites of Harry Hawker, the .picturebeing shown in all the large movingpicture houses. The cartoon showedHawker's machine plunging at adesperate rush into a turbulent sea.and then pictured Uncle 'Sam tossinga wreath on the hungry waves thathad swallowed the English daredevil.The picture was running at the verymoment that the .newsboys wereshouting the cheerful news t3mrtHaw"ker had been saved.The fastest trip around the jforld;was made by John 'Henry Clears ih1912 thirty-five days, twenty-one.hours and thirty-six minutes.WB'jl - ;; pyiM-J-,-S.mfcllH,WHflKOOLIiParis, Kentucky 1w,rmm9,Mmm iiiiii 1 1 11 1 t g.y wSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Mallory arevisiting relatives in Fleming county.Miss Sallie Hall is visiting herfather, Mr. J. T. Hall, in Louisville.Mrs. B. M. Renick is visitingher son, Mr. Coleman Renick, inChicago.Miss Lucille' Hall was a sruest offriends in Cincinnati from Saturdayto yesterday.Mrs. J. J. Rice, of Harrodsburg,was a week-end guest of Dr. and Mrs.J. T. Brown, on Cypress street.Mr. Oscar T. Hinton has gone toHouston, Texas, to look after someoil interests which he holds in thatsection of the Lone Star State.Mr. Wallace Clark has returnedto his home in Boston, Mass., aftera visit to his parents, Mr. and Mrs.Walter Clark, on Fifteenth street.Mr. and Mrs. Wellische Smithand daughter, Miss Mildred Smith, ofLouisville, are guests of Miss ClaraBacon, at her home on Cypressstreet.Mrs. W. K. Griffin and littledaughter, Blanche, have returnedfrom a visit to friends and relativesm Earlington, Ky., and Evansville,Indiana.Mrs. Morris Fisher has returnedto her home in Huntington, W. Va.,after a visit to her sister, Mrs. Chas.S. Goldstein, and Mr. Goldstein, onHiggins avenue.Miss Juliet Turner, daughter ofMrs. Edward Turner, of near Paris,is a member of the graduating classof 1919 at Hamilton College, in Lexington, this week.Mrs. Percy Reid has returned toher home m Richmond, after a visitto her mother, Mrs. Mary A. Paton,and 8ier brother, County Clerk PearceFaton, in this city.Miss Frances Shropshire spentthe week-end in Cincinnati as aguest of her brother, Mr. Ben Shropshire, who was en route to his homein New York.Mrs. Willis Blackwell and twochildren, Miss Irene and HansonBlackwell, have returned to theirhome in Winchester, after a visit toMr. and Mrs. Grant Robinson, in thiscity.Mr. and Mrs. Brincb Minertzwill leave on June 17 for a twomonths' visft to the former's parents,in Copenhagen, Denmark. Mrs.Meinertz was formerly Miss CorinneCollins, of Paris.Miss Margaret Cox, of Huntington, W. Va., is a guest of her aunt,Mrs. John M. Flanagan, on Houstonavenue. She will visit friends andrelatives in Hattiesburg, Miss., before returning home,The Commencement exercisesand centennial anniversary of CentreCollege, at Danville, June 7 to 11,will draw a. large attendance fromParis and 'surrounding territory."Old Centre" has a large number ofgraduates in this county.Mr. Roger Q. Thomson, ofColumbia, S. C, a. former Parisianwno is now traveling representativefor a large Eastern firm, was a guestlast week of Mrs. John T. Hinton,and other relatives in this city.Miss Martha Rogers, of St. Paul,Minn., and Mr. Virgil J. Rogers, whohas just returned for overseas, wherehe was a member of the A. E. F., areguests of their mother, Mrs. JaneHarris Rogers, at the home of MissTillie Jaynes, on High street.Mr. and Mrs. W. L. Davis andMrs. Roger Q. Thomson, of Columbia,S. C, who have been guests of Mrs.John T. Hinton, on High street, havegone to Louisville and, Danville tovisit relatives. They "will returnlater for a visit to Mrs. Hinton.One of the most delightful social events of the past week was thereception given by Mrs. William B.Ardery, at her home on the Lexington pike, near this city. Mrs. Ardery was assisted in receiving theguests by her mother, Mrs. I. J.Spencer, of Lexington, and Mrs. E.M. Dickson, of Paris. More than ahundred guests enjoyed the gracioushospitality of the hostess, includinga number from Lexington.(Other Personals on Page 5)ooue Boundary clashesThe first of a number of treatiesbetween the United States and GreatBritain in regard to the boundarybetween the States and Canada wassigned ninety-eight years ago'. Itwas provided that the internationalline' should 'be-along forty-ninth parallel from the Lake of the Woods tothe 'Rocky Mountains, and that theterritory west of the Rockies shouldbefree and open to the people of bothnations for ten years. Both nationsclaimed the country now comorisine:'the States of 'Washington and Oregon, but in 1816 neither consideredthe ownership of any importance.Another boundary treaty was signedin 1827, but the most important werethose of 1842 -and 3.846. The Maineboundary question, a bone of contention since 1785, liad at times reached the -point of armed clashes. Thetreaty finally vsettling the mattergave 7,000 square miles of disputedte'rritory to "Maine -and 5,000 miles toNew-Brunswicb. The Oregon boundary dispute "also reached an acutestage prior to 1846, when by treatythe larger and richer portion went tothe tJnited 'States. In all of thesedisputes the Ujaited States was aggressive, wMle Britain 'adopted a conciliatory policy.THE FISHING CUBE.Wfaat-the whole world needs nowis & fishing cure. There is no"othr'ljftlm so effectual for strainedServes tod wearied ouls. - Fishingis said to encourage falsehood, but!we believe that is a slander inventedby would-be humorists who neverIsb, -except for stale jokes. On thecontrary, it encourages nearly all ofthe virtues. It s difficult to conceiveof a true fisherman who "is not aphilos6pher-&nd ar good citizen. "Xet'shalt the world's business and go a-? fishing. It is a sure cure for thattired, worried feeling.ELECTBICS WILL LINK LOUIS-VILLE AND BLUEGBASS.Lexington and all Central Kentucky will be connected with Louisville by interurban by Januy 1 itwas stated by F. W. Hinkle, uf Louisville, who, as secretary of theFrankfort-Shelbwiiift -awt -do,mway Company, declared plans havebeen perfected for building tho mt,v-of twenty-one miles from Frankfortto Shelbwille.President J. R. Downing will urgeth; s directors of the Lexington Boardof Commerce to give the project theirnearty co-operation and that this willbe done, is certain. Hinkle statedthat a mass meeting will be held atShelbyville to arrange for Shelbycounty's subscription to the fund necessary to build the link. A similarmeeting will also be held at Frank.fort this week. Hinkle said the rightof way has been secured and optionstaken on the steel rails, ties and trolley wires.Three steel bridges are to span thestreams to be crossed by the linefrom Frankfort to Shelbyville. Arrangements have also been madewith the Kentucky Traction andTerminal Company for supplying therolling stock for the connecting link.The new line will mean as much toLouisville as it will to Central Kentucky. The people have long favored such a project.-. oKENTUCKY TO GET 154. B0ADTBUCKS.One hundred and fifty-four armytrucks that have been turned overto the Department of Agriculture bythe War Department soon will beused for road building in Kentucky.This fact was announced by Assistant Attorney General D. O. Myatt, ofClinton, following a conference withDepartment of Agriculture officials.The trucks, valued at $500,000, willbe shipped to Kentucky in a fewweeks.It has not been determined, according to Myatt, in what countiesthese trucks will be employed inhighway construction work.One of New York's largest trustcompanies has 2,000 employes andthirty-eight departments.S8urionJsI Confectionery StoreSuccessor to Adami & Santi.AGENT P0B M. IBOLDMANUEL, COUNSELOB,AND S0NADAv'CIGABSAdami's Famous Recipe formaking delicious Ice Cream,Soda Water and MixedDrinks still used.Bulk Ice Cream(Made from Pure Cream)delivered for home use.1 Fancy Ices for PartiesHIGH CLASS BOXCANDIES.For the BEST, See Us.FRANK BURTON!K:-::-:KSKi' MMSMMMSMMMSSMi(BIBSIBSBIHIGGLESI j IS Bank Rew, Paris, Ky. D' U j IBSII BBSSsVII j' " BSSSnlII v- 't 'BSsIM"f '""iHimimiiiiiiMiiiiiniimniMii!i:IIThe J. T.UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMMRSMainand SixthStreetsParisMotor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with our XI Immieino lrtu?II! aiaUHearse used for funeralgajSBSBSSSShWPSHCHBSJfifOffrSflrllSErJsHissllBBBBBBBSSBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBSBl8(BnH!sHHH99BBSgi'tiiiiiitiitim'H'i'iuitnimIBourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsKTelephone No. 4IrvVSJBSHM!jB vamVfc-t22 fi5S V?7L JGi JBSSi:MWdg-gdJtrifpl JKSWfS Ps2ftsa -- .' j'-3 Sxri$sr--1 frursThe Bourbon Laundry jParis, Kentucky J: : mm :t mm r "CAHAL BROS.SABBEB SHOPPrompt and Courteous Attention toPatroms.HOT AND COLD 1ATH5-Hinton Co; 11mKy.Dav ohone 36Nleht : . .56or Home 286 mpurposes only.IXIXWest Fifh StreetSATISFACTION iOUR WATCHWORD! Iw xvyitn an tne latest improve- agsj menu in launury appliancesprepared to do work infe- Irior to none, and solicit xMJK. KTVII-M Tn4-nnnr.. m31' :OneDropnPouMryHiimdfA few drops in the fVizSLdrinking water enrca fAuvvand prevents white VTU MJrdiarrhoea- cklM JaAmmMemJtk:BMaaee. O Ste.H iMJftg Hgmlictm oS-mnHmmi. Jnmt$M9.price uxy. jiiii i omdrogefeta, c fit.ty l-ourfcn Rcmy mm., Lexington, Kylit1t iI-HK!,(!UMiU::tVuI" Jt-V-"THE BOUEBOIf TOWS, TABJS, KEIfTUCKTTUESDAY, JUNE 3, 1915PAGE F0U1It'tVli(mHi!!ill!t' ) iMiAcIMI.MATRIMONIAL., County Clerk Pearce Paton issued a marriage license to Mr. Strawther Smith and Miss Mary E. Gaunce,both of Nicholas county.A marriage license was issuedfrom the office of the Fayette CountyClerk, at Lexington, Saturday, toMr. Pat Hall, of Lexington, and MissMWgaret Tapp, of Paris.COUNTY BOABJ) OEDEKS ELECTION EOR N. M. TOWNGRADED SCHOOL.I THOMAS GRAVES.1 Mr. Lonnie Graves, Jr., and Miss"Jennie King Thomas, of Bourboncounty, were married recently inUexington. The attendants were Mr.aid Mrs. Lonnie Graves, Sr., Mr.TJny West and Miss Mildred Graves,sister of the groom.iELDER LEEDS... Miss Mattie Elder, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. E. V. Elder, and Mr.James Leeds, son of Mr. and Mrs."W. L. Leeds, were married in Richmond, last week. The bride is aCQUSin of Miss Rosina Elder, of Paris,and has been a frequent visitor here.HARRIS TURNER.. County Clerk Pearce Paton issued a marriage license to Dan Turnerand Miss Frona Harris, both of Robertson county, who were marriedshortly after by Rev. "W. E. Ellis.The groom is a widower. His bride,who is only seventeen years old, wasaccompanied by her guardian, Mrs.Lucinda Ricketts, who gave her consent to the marriage.oB-4 FIREInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,AgtsoSMALL EIKE.Burning shingles on the roof of aresidence in South Paris, occupiedby Mr. Peffer, caused an alarm fromBox 34, Saturday about noon. Thepnflrtment resDonded and extinguished the blaze with but smallloss. The blaze was caused by sparksfrom a chimney burning out.. oFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanoSOME BEAL PACTS ABOUT OILCOMPANIES.At a meeting of the County Boardof Education, held yesterday morningin the office of County Superintendent of Schools J. B. Caywood, andcalled by him, the Board, in answerto a petition signed by the requirednumber of citizens of the North Middletown precinct, unanimously approved the request for an election tobe held for the purpose of establishing a Graded School in North Middletown. The election will be heldsoon, as the required legal advertising has been, carried out, and propernotice given to the voters of the precinct. It was stated yesterday that ifplans now maturing go through theNorth Middletown Business andbeen one of the leading educationaland the building and grounds converted into a public Graded School.This institution has for many yearsbeen one of the leading educationelenterprises of the county. NorthMiddletown is isolated from railroads, being twelve miles from Paris,Mt. Sterling and Carlisle, making itdifficult for students from a distanceto attend. It will require a vote ofthe people of the community to makethe change, as, the College is privateproperty. Mr. Henry S. Caywood andDr. Lee R. Henry, of North Middletown, were in consultation withJudge Batterton with a view of seeing what was necessary under thelaw to make the change.A BEAUTIFUL STOCK.Our stock of graduating gifts iscomplete.(30-tf) THE A. J. WINTERS CO.oEEELELESS GAS RANGES.Let us show you the five big pointsin the Chambers Fireless Gas Range.See window display.(30-8t) JOHN MERRINGER.oAT THE PARIS GRAND AND THEAJxAMOiRead the advertisement in anothercolumn of the Lane Oil Company.Some facts are told that will inspirethose interested in the oil business.(It)oWOOL "WANTED., Will pay highest market price.Call, get sacks and twine. Sacks furnished free.B, B. HUTCHCRAFT & CO. '(may23-6t)To-day. Tuesday, June 3 The popular Paris favorite, Vivian Martin,in "You Never Saw Such a Girl;"William Duncan, in fourth episodeof "The Man of Might;" Pathe Comedy. To-morrow, Wednesday, June 4William S. Hart, in "Breed of Man;"Paramount-Sennett Comedy. "TheVillage Smithy;" Bray Pictropgraph.Thursday, June 5 Ladies' DayTwo ladies admitted for one ticket,plus two cents war tax on Thursdayof each week Constance Talmadge,in "Experimental Marriage;" Arbuckle Comedy, "Fatty'8 TimidWife;" International News,o Ji.WOOL WANTED.We pay market price for yourwoo!. Sacks ready. We receivewool at both our North Middletown and Paris warehouses.CLARKE & YOUNG.(apf22-tf)j i, iciCEESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT TOMEMORY OF JOHN J.McCLINTOCK.Whereas, Our Heavenly Father hastaken from us our beloved brotherand member of the Board and Officers of the Paris Christian church,John J. McClintock, who served thiscongregation so faithfully and sowell for so many years;And, whereas, In his patience, hisgentleness, his kindness, and hismagnanimity, he has left us an example worthy of emulation and a beneficent influence that will continue tolive; therefore be it resolved:1. That our sincerest sympathybe extended to his beloved wife, notwithstanding the fact that we feelthat words can not express the sentiment of our hearts or the love wefeel, but assuring her as best we can,of the tender regard and loving memory of each member of this Boardfor our departed brother and faithfulfriend.2. That we express our estimatenf the srreat loss which the churchhas sustained and the difficulty itwill have in endeavoring to nil thevacancy made when our belovedbrother passed to his eternal reward.For his faithfulness has seldom beensurpassed. He was never absent fromthe services from choice.3. That we express our appretiation for his services and faithfulnessnot only as a deacon, but also for hisuntiring efforts and diligent serviceas treasurer, which office he filled formany years to the entire satisfactionof the church.4. That we also express our appreciation for the rich heritage hehas left us in the influence and example of his beautiful Christian lifeand that we resolve to emulate thosequalities in his life, which havecrowned it with beauty and helpfulness. May the Heavenly Father make usworthy servants in His Kingdom andfit us for higher service in the Kingdom above, where we hope to meetthe faithful members of this Board,so matiy of whom have so recentlypassed over to join the church triumphant. (Siimed) :W. E. ELLIS,J. W. HAYDEN,G. W. WYATT,Committee.MONEY EIGHT IN YOUR HANDFOR EGGS. POULTRYAND JUNK.Highest cash price for eggs,poultry, hides and junk. ,MUNICH & WIDES CO.,(11-tf) Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.POULTRY AND RABBIT FENCEJUST WHAT YOU NEED.We have a splendid stock of American poultry and rabbit fence. Letus sell you the best poultry fence inthe world; will turn stock; price isright.(27-4t) LOWRY & MAY.IfFACTSTHE LANE OIL CO.(Incorporated)IfaPIi:The first tank of oil from well on our .Hell Xreeklease was sold on Monday to the Pipe Line Company.The contract for two wells will be closed in the nextfew days.Prospects for some big, producers look better daily.There are about twelve machines now drilling onadjoining properties. That is what other companies, suchas Batchelor Oil Co.; Atlantic' Refining Co. and SouthernOil Co., think of the district,'According to latest information, The Atlantic Refining Company is drilling two wells within two hundredfeet of our lease. When these come in it will help Lanestock."iThe present issue of 18c stock is practically sold out.Send your application in at once.THE LANE OIL COMPANY(Incorporated)X M. . PrssWsnt and Dlrtcttrmatt Lair, Vict PrtsUint and DirectorZ O. T. HInfttn, Gsntral Ceunstl and DlrtcttrX Jehu Ysrkss, Ssc'y-Trsas. and DlrtcttrGeorgt Batttrton, DlrtcttrU. M. Swinford, DirectorJudgt Kennedy, DirectorIt. M. Ntal, Director.Straw Hats, Panamasand Summer SuitsHosiery15c to 75cShirts$1 to $7.50Hats$2.50 to $6Ties50c to $2Wash Ties25c to 50cCaps50c to $2.50KtkauAts"rv5Ti'-bt3ai3,A.B Kirschbaum Co,Straw Hats$1.00 to $5.00Panamas$4.00 to $6.00Leghorns$2.00 to $5.00If you want to find real head comfort this warm weather, come in and get under one ofour Straw Hats, Panamas or Leghorns. New shapes and every hat a good value.Palm Beaches Mohairs Crashes H Worsteds$12.50 to $15.00 $18.00 $12.50 to $18.You'll find right here the best line of Summer Suits shown in town. Every Suit ishighly tailored by leading concerns in the country. Young ;men will find nobby styles toselect from and older men will find conservative styles. Plain greys, tans and fancy mixtures are shown in abundance. They are priced lower than elsewhere.R. P. WALSH7th and MainOne-Price StoreParis, Ky.Greater KentuckyPetroleum Co.Incorporated(1) 38 acres. Barren county, near the Winlock wells.(2 ) 20 acres. Allen county, two miles south of Scottsville, between Boxtownand Dalton pool.(3) 1-30 interest in Mcfeyriolds 20 acre lease, Allen county, in the famousMcReynolds pool. Four wells drilled and tanks erected. Now pumping oil. Fifthwell now drilling and offsetting 150-barrel well.(4) 1 874 acre lease, Knox county, Texas. 754 acres of this territory offsetsa well now drilling and down over 2,000 feet.A Company That Expects Give. Get in NowFirst Issue of Stock Now Offered At10c PER SHARE-PAR VALUE $1.00$10.00 buys 100 shares$20;0& buys 200 shares$30.00 buys 300 shares$40,00 buys 400 share$5000 buys 500 shares60.00 buys 600 shares$70.00 buys TOO shares$80.00 buys 800 shares$90.00 buys 900 shares$1 bo buys 1 fOOO shares.No order accepted for more than 1,000 shares from any one person. Mailor wire your order to-day.BLUE GRASS OIL EXCHANGEIncorporatedSelling Agents418 Main Street . Paris, Kentucky&ITUESDAY, JUNE 3, 1919THE B0T7BB0X HEWS PAEE5, JCEHTtrCTT-.fioximrSOCIAL A1W PERSONAL.iFOR TH BESTNOTHING ELSEGRADUATION GUTS.Snappy and attractive graduationgifts.30-tf) THE A. J. WINTERS CO.oCOTTONSEED MEAL.Swift's Digester Tankage 60protein for Hogs.Swift's High Grade Fertilizer forTobacco.8-tf ) CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.oPUBLIC LIBRARY CLOSEDBeginning yesterday the ParisPublic Library will be closed for thesupper hour from six to seven, instead of from 5:30 to 6:30, as hasbeen, the custom during the winter.o'TATHER AND SON MONTH"The month of June has been designated by the Grand Master of Kentucky Odd Fellows as "Father andSon Month," w&en each member ofthe order who is a father is to securean application for membership fromhis son or sons.oDELIGHTFUL SUMMER DRINKS.Nothing more refreshing these hotdays than Mint Nector, Grape Juiceand Ginger Ale. We have all sizebottles.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.. YOUR ATTENnON,PLEASE.Probably when you started out topay for your Liberty Bond on the installment plan you said to yourself,"Will I ever get through paying onit?" By paying weekly you beginsystematic saving; now that youhave your bond almost paid for, whynot join our new series, which opensSaturday, June 7th.BOURBON BUILDING & LOANASSOCIATION.H. A. POWER, President.WILL; S. ARNSPARGER,Secretary(3Q-2t)W oRIGGS HELD OVER TO JUKEGRAND JURY.Junius Riggs, the young white boywho was arrested on a warrantcharging him with forging the nameof his employer, Miss Letitia Clay,to two checks fcr $40 and $30 respectively, which he had cashed atthe First National Bank, was givena hearing in the County Court, Saturday, before Judge Batterton. Hewas held in the sum of $100 bondsto appear before the grand jury atthe June term of the Bourbon CircuitCourt.r BUY, BUY, BUY.Buy Lane Oil Stock now if youwant to get in on the ground floor ofthe most promising propositions thathas yet been put on the market.Read their ad in another column.(It)WE KNOW.Let us make your gift suggestion.(30-tf) THE A. J. WINTERS CO.oALL READY TO SUPPLY YOU;HELD, POULTRY ANDRABBIT FENCEWe have received a large shipmentof American Field poultry and rabbitfence. Why not get the best? It isthe cheapest.(27-4t) LOWRY & MAY. -JUNE COURT DAY.Yesterday was one of the dullestCourt Days that bas been experiencedhere for many months. As pne farmer remarked: "Every farmer that ishere to-day ought to be at home atwork." There was very little stockof any kind on the market, only afew plugs changing hands at slowprices. Owing to. the fact that thefarmers were busy with their work,and the further fact that there werefor the most part waiting for to-day,so as to get an, excuse, to come in tosee the Gentry Bros? show, the attendance was very light. Merchantsreported a very small volume of business and collections slow.oGET $1,000.00 EASY, sK is said that the first. $i-,30& Ssaftcavs hard to get. but if yo& Villtake ten shares of our stock, whichrequires a payment of only $2.50 perv?eek, you will get that $1,000 easyind hardly know now you got it.Our new series 'opens Saturday,June, .7 th.BOURBON BUILDING & LOANASSOCIATION. .H. A. POWER, President.WILL S. ARNSPARGERecretary(30-2t)oXOSSE AND BUGGY PLUNGE0TC?w EMBANKMENT.A demolished buggy and a deadhorse were found lying near an embankment in the rear of the Liggett& Myers tobacco plant on Barnesavenue, Sunday morning, by thenight watchman, as he was makingbis last rounds at the plant for thenightWhen the "horse went over the embankment, at which point there is aTetaining wall six feet high, the buggy was upset and demolished and thehorse was killed by the concussion,lighting on his head. It was statedyesterday that the outfit belonged toa man named George Mclntyre, living on the Letton farm, on the Humeand Bedford pike, but this was notverified. The buggy was sent to thejunk heap, being entirely out of commission. The body of the animalwas removed and buried.and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mr. Wm. H. Webb has returnedfrom a week's visit to friends in Louisville. Mr. and Mrs. Lawrence Pricehave moved to a cottage on Scottavenue.Mrs. G. R. Combs' and childrenare visiting Miss Marie E. Harber inRichmond. " 'Mrs. C. B. Terwilleger anddaughter, Miss Virginia, are guestsof relatives in Covington.Mr. Andrew Denton,' Jr., has returned to Owingsville, after a visitof several days to relatives in thiscity.Mr. and Mrs. J. W. McCarthyand children have returned from avisit to relatives in Cynthiana andCovington.Miss Margaret Davis, of Louisville, was the week-end guest of Mrs.John J. McClintock, at her home onDuncan avenue.Mr. and Mrs. Karl Foster, Mrs.Mattie Foster and Mrs. David Evans,of Cynthiana, were guests of Parisfriends Sunday evening.Mrs. Ernest Hosier, of Lexington, is a guest of her mother, Mrs.Carrie F. Stone, at the home of Mr.and Mrs. S. Kenney Nichols, in thiscity.Mr. T. Hart Talbott, who hasbeen ill for some time, and is now inthe convalescent stage, was able to beout on the streets and greeting hismany friends yesterday.Mr. John Sheehan, who hasbeen employed at the job printing establishment of Mr. Frank Remington, has gone to Owingsville, to visithis sister, Mrs. Andrew Coyle.Mr. R. A. Lilly, bookkeeper forthe Paris Gas & Electric Co., leftSaturday for Cape Girardeau, Mo.,wbere he will take up newspaper!work. Mr. Lilly is succeeded hereby Mr. Lyons Board.Misses Elvira Memory Smith andJuliet May Turner, of Paris, willgraduate in the College PreparatoryDepartment at Hamilton College atthe college commencement exercisesto be held next Monday, June 9.A musicale was given at thehome of Miss Mary Belle Field Miller,in Lexington, by Miss Helen Davis,with Mrs. Robert Jones, of NorthMiddletown, soloist. Mrs. Walkerwas accompanist for Mrs. Jones.Mrs. R. C. Harlan and son, ofChicago, who have been visiting Mrs.Harlan's father, Mr. W. M. Kenney,near Paris, are guests of her aunt,Mrs. Ernest Erdman; on Ashland ave-1nue, in Lexington,Rev. G. R. Combs, pastor of theParis Methodist church, delivered thecommencement address before thestudents of the Preparatory Department of Kentucky Wesleyan College,at Winchester, Saturday.The last dance of the season bythe Amuse Dancing Club will begiven at the Masonic Temple, Thursday night. Music will be furnishedby the Williams Saxophone Orchestra. The hours will be 8:30 p. m. to3:00 a. m.The piano pupils of Miss BetsyRay will give a recital at the .homeof Miss Ray, on Higgins avenue, ateight o'clock, next Thursday evening, June 5. -Patrons and friends areinvited and expected to be present.Miss Ruth Orr, of Paris, attended the luncheon given in the diningroom of the Phoenix Hotel, in Lexington, Saturday, by the Kappa Deltafraternity, in honor of their patronesses. The room and the tables werebeautifully decorated. The guests allhad an enjoyable time.Miss Margaret Wood, piofessional nurse, formerly of Paris, whohas been at M. M. I. during the winter and spring, looking after thehealth of the cadets, has gone toLouisville to visit Mrs. Edward C.Keller, and daughter, Miss EdnaKeller, former residents of PariB.The Traveling Men's column inSunday's Lexington Herald has thefollowing: "Clay Sutherland, ofParis, with Swift & Co., was in Mt.Sterling last week and let it be understood that he would surely be withthe Lexington boys on their Shrinetrip June 11th. Southie is wanted,for he is the life of the party whereever he is found."(Other Personal on Page 3.)oFACTS AB0OT THE LANE 0ILC0.The first tank of bii, frbia the wellon Hell Creek lease 8f the uxne-AjnCo., was sold yestbrday to the pipeline company. The contract for twowells will be closed in the next fewHave AVmit twelve machines arehow drilling oil adjoining property tothis company, such companies as meBachelor, Atlantic Refining, Southern Oil Co., and others, looks iiethis would be, a good concern xo invest in. Read their advertisementelsewhere in this issue. (It)oELECTRIC FANS KEEP KOOLAND KONFORTABLELargest shipment of Westinghoiiseelectric fans ever brought to Parishas been received. All sizes, stylesand prices. See the small bed roomfan it is a comfort almost indispensible. ,. -- - -PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.3-tf)aCity licenses are now due Midshould be paid promptly to- CityriWoimrar W W. MitcMl. ' TeHal-ties will soon attach, to those failingto comply with this law.(27-5t)o .A WONDERFUL SELECTION.A wonderful stock from whichto select Graduation Gifts forgirls and boys. -.$f) SHIRE & FITHIAN.FARMERS, READ THIS HSE-WEWILL SAVE YOU MONEYBinder Twine; Screen Doors, allsizes; Belting; Paints; 'Oils; 'Harness; Saddles of all kinds and makes.(30-2t) FARMERS' SUPPLY CO,ComingsRELIGIOUS.During the absence of Rev. G.R. Combs, pastor of the Paris Methodist church, his pulpit was filledSunday morning by his brother, Rev.Madison Combs, pastor of the Methodist church, at Clarkton, Mo. At theevening service Rev. Combs preachedon the subject, "After Force, What?"Preceding the sermon the song, "TheNinety and Nine" was sung, andillustrated with stereopticon slides.Rev. R. C. Goldsmith and Mrs.Goldsmith, who have been spendinga part of their vacation at Cumberland Falls, have returned. Rev.Goldsmith filled his pulpit at theBaptist church Sunday at both services. The revival services at thischurch began last night, conductedby Rev. Dr. B. B. Bailey, of Maysville, assisted by Rev. Goldsmith.Services will be held each afternoonand evening. The afternoon servicewill begin at three o'clocK, the evening services at 7:30 o'clock.Special music by a largely augmented choir will be a feature of themeetings. Dr. Bailey has the reputation of being one of the tblest andmost eloquent divines in the Baptistchurch. A cordial invitation is extended to all to attend these services.Children's Daq exercises wereheld at several of the Parischurches Sunday. Special musicby Captain Robert Harbison andsister, Miss Mary Dan Harbison,and a full choir, directed byMr. Wilcox, had a prominent place ontihe program at the Presbyterianchurch. Recitations, songs and talksto the children made up the programs at all the churches. The program at the Presbyterian church wasas follows:Invocation.Children's Day Exercises and Song'of Welcome by Children from the Intermediate and primary grades."Our Day" Recitation by six little boys and song of Primaries.Recitations "God's Plan," byJesse Turney; "Trust Him," by JackBrennan; Illustrated with song byMiss Harbison."Message of the Birds," by nineboys of the Primary Grade, and asong, "Bobolink," by Marjorie Trisler and Rachel McClintock."Sunbeams and Smile and BeCheerful" Primary Grade.Song, "A Sunbeam for Each Shadow" Miss Harbison."Others," a lesson in service, consisting of songs and' recitations bythe older girls, with Miss JosephineFithian and Miss. Harbison.MA Daisy Story,'1 by eight little'girls."Standard Bearers," a service byclasses of Mrs. Willis, Miss Spearsand Miss Marsh, and "Over TheTop" our motto song by the school.Special music by full choir, including Captain Harbison and Miss MaryDan Harbison, directed by Mr. Wilcox. FOR GRADUATION GIFTS.Nifty novelty goods for graduation. (tf) SHIRE & FITHIAN.For RentThree furnished rooms and kitchenette, first floor, at No. 101G, Mainstreet. (It)LostOn streets of Paris, Saturday, smallpurse, with stamp of First NationalBank on cover, containing about $4in money. Suitable reward if returned to this office. (tf)For SaleNice lot of Canary Birds, of thefamous strain raised by the late Mrs.Frank Paton. Good singers. Yellowand mixed colors. Price reasonable.Phone 729.(2t) MISS LEILA KELLER.LostTaken from the auditorium of theParis High School, last Friday evening, either by, mistake, or intentionally, a silk umbrella with sterlingsilver handle. Had monogram "C,E. M." engraved on handle. A suitable reward will be paid for its returnto this office. (It)LostA package containing two babydresses was taken last week from thestore of the Wilmoth Grocery Co.,either by mistake or intentionally.If returned to the 'store no questionswill be asked and a suitable rewardwill be paid: (It)NOTICE!BOURBON CIRCUIT COURTJ. M. Abnee's Admr., Etc., PlaintiffsVs. NOTICE.Chas. Abnee, -Etc.,. DefendantNotice is hereby given to the creditors of J. M. Abnee, deceased, to present their claims, properly proven,to the undersigned Master Commissioner in his office at any time before June 12, 1919. ,O. T. HINTON.'Master Commissioner Bourbon Circuit Court(june3-6-10) ,1 EXTRA SPECIALSI FOR THIS WEEKLatest Creations in Ladies'For This Week OnlyHARRY SIMON224-228 West Main St., Lexington, Ky:Main Street, Paris, Ky.HpjSjMkMIKITHE JvMOT0R.HEARSE"EITHERPHONE"GRADUATIONANDCONFIRMATIONHatsUp to $7.50 ValuesJM5mOAMrs. HomeloVer says:THE d. T. HINTON GO.has the most complete stockfrom which to get yourFurniture, Rugs, Linoleums,Phongraphs and Wall Paperand that they save you:money. She will tell yousome more next issue.-. '. ' v. - v - T"'. . vi-rv:: 5-S BB LJPsJiBB wrT. HINTON CO.MOTOR INVALID COACH361XS- O'V-fca -I.1r' ;.iUNDERTAKINGSIXTH AND MAIN STS.CfvliitfP5.1 T' l' HTUESDAY, JUNE 3, 191?TEE BOURBON HEWS. PARIS, EEHTUCR1 H j I TH I4-MGESOi'! JiiMym?i.i'dVft.LJ1:Uis&yo PERUNAMn. Kate Marquis, Middleburg, Logan Co, Ohio,writes as follows:"I have used Peruna with success. It ftfts cured me of catarrh,of the head, and throat. It la thebeet medicine for catarrh that Ihave ever used. I am completelycured. Thanks to Peruna."Mr. Marquis It but one ofmany thousand who know thevalue of Peruna for that catarrhal condition of the membraneresponsible for many of thehuman ills.IAmCompletelyCuredIf you object to liquid remediesask for Peruna in tablet form.KENTTJCGY ERTJJT .CROP TOBECOW NORMAL.BEMISS BOOTH, IN RAGS,AIDED LONDON POORSalvation Army Commander, Disguised, Roamed Through Slums thirteen million dollars to carry outto Study Intimate Problems ofEast End Unfortunates.' flickering sparks until herpatient has' regained his feet She now heads theSalvation Army in the United Statesat the great moment of its career. Thej old time slurs and doubts have beenbanished. During the week of May19-26 the Salvation Army will appealto the people of the United States forMiss Evangeline Booth, daughter ofthe late General William Booth,founder of the Salvation Army, hasgiven her life to the service of thepoor and the -unfortunate. Few peress, if any, know she went about inits after-the-war program. Contributeto the Salvation Army Home ServiceFund Campaign. Remember, to theSalvation Army "A Man tMayDown, but He's Never Out"Betaft&ta!&!,1KllSBilKatal1WILSON ENDORSESSALVATION ARMY.iJ5 3BesVK x tvtrcMBSBBBBBK ' &h'Si l'.si2IBBBBBBBBi w.rQllllL i tLbbbbbI 'wlm fef -m ''i Jit i &B9&8&sii$K&BBBBBk.S(S:sJBaaBSMH5Sw3BBBUk SjKKF;''v"lBBB9BxaaBfi3BBaBBBBBL httnSMi s JBSMasasgsM- WBLUiBsaaKBBassiBassasaBBsassBBiBassfl fcBBanSiBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBaSBBBBBBBBBs ftsBHeBBH FBflBBBBBBBBBHBBBBaaBaaaaass&SHsaaaaaaaaaasKsOHeeHBSBSSifc ff? S , :1bsBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBb1rAWAWx?5?:? BBBaaaaaaasAWAlBbBJ SbsBBBBBBBBBBBBHBBBBBBBBBBBKS-f sTVSBBBbI' bbbKbbIbs-, ' b iaaaaaaaBjBBWAWAWAWA??:AWAaBBBBBBBBrBBlBBBBBBBBBBBB'Vv.c' r BBB iBBBBBBBSanBHBBBBBBBBBBiifeBBaPresident Wilson, burdenedas he is, found time to cablehis endorsement of the Salvation Army Home Service FundCampaign, which will be conducted during the week ofMay 19-26. The -cablegram:Commander Miss E. Booth,Personal, Salvation Army,120 West Fourteenth street,New York:I am very much interestedto know that .the SalvationArmy is about to enter into acampaign for a sustainingfund. I feel that the Salvation Army needs no commendation from me. The loVeand gratitude it has elicitedfrom the troops is a sufficientevidence of the work it hasdone, and I feel that I shouldnot so much commend it as tocongratulate it. Cordially andsincerely yours,WOODROW vWILSON.tototototototototototototototototoEstimates of the year's fruit cropby Prof. F. J. Sutton, extension specialist in horticulture of the College ofAgriculture, show that the western,part of the State did not suffer asmuch from the frost as the Easternand Central parts.Professor Sutton has recently returned from a trip into the westernpart of Kentucky and from a conference in Cincinnati with representatives of Illinois, Indiana, and Ohio,and his estimates show that the cropfor the whole State will be belownormal. In the home orchards of thewestern end of the State the crop ofpeaches and apples will be about y 5to 100 per cent, normal. In thispart of the State the cherry crop hasnot been injured by frost as .badly asit has here and in the eastern part.The apple crop in home orchardsof the eastern and central sectionwill produce from 50 to 60 per cent.I of the normal crop, according to theestimate. Peaches here are uncertain, and no accurate estimate can beformed. It is added that these percentages are prone to advance andnot to decrease, so that the cropsmentioned may be larger than theestimates indicated.Berries in Kentucky suffered lessbecause of the frost than the largerfruits. In the Bowling Green berrysection, where approximately 85 percent, of the crop is raised, the cropwill produce near 60 per cent,of the normal. Around Pa-ducah where 10 per cent, of thewhole crop of the State is produced,the same estimate holds.Blackberries will be a banner cropaccording to all indications. Thewoods are full of blossoms and latelyreports from sections where the berries grow wild, indicate that thecrop will be large.VFOLKS are a hedp like tobacco. Thar's hot-headed,bitey folks. Thar's flat, uninterestin' folks. An9then thar's folks like Velvet mild, but hearty an9fren'ly, too.totoKYftngeltae Booth, Cpffemander of thecslvatlon,Army in the United States.ike East End of London disguised InimffS that she might help the unfortifbate. When her father stood erectssfldd & storm of abuse and even physial Tiolence he stood beside him.She knows thow the poor suffer beme she has .suffered with them. Sheksiews there still remains in the wreck0t a dissolute man a spark of mnfctd that will .kindle a redeeminf?, because h .has ''.fanned manWe are Agents forthe FamousStop in and get aFREE BOOKLETabout the style."OUT OF LOVE" CLUBUNIQUE ORGANIZATIONMembers Are Girls Rescued bySalvation Army.The "Out of Love" Club is one ofthe important club organizations maintained by the Salvation Army in thiscountry. In every large city wherethere is a Salvation Army corps girlswho have been helped back into thenormal pace of a workaday world areproud of the membership in this club.Disappointed, loveless girls .who do notforget kindnesses shown-them in theirhour of greatest need give .out of loveto help other girls receive the samefriendliness. In a simple, quiet way,this unique idea has been maintainedfor over 20 years.In every large .city in the .countrythere are girls who have needed theministrations of the Salvation Army.After they have been helped and senton their way again they become lifemembers of this club If they so desire.Only girls are admitted who hav g Ix-ena good account of themselves for atleaet one month in the positions foundfor them by the Salvation Army Aftertheir release from a hospital or homejThese girls pledge themselves to keepsilve the spirit of friendliness Andhome which the Salvation Army hasspread anong. thexn. Tire girlg ,arexpected to dress in a plain, simpleway, find avoid in. any senile of theword gady or tawdry clothing.QossipliV or & bearing is taboo6VIf members of the dub transgress tslrrule they are liable fo -suspension fora month qt longer. The "Out 4f LotClub" Is one of th'e'many activities bitwill benefit by'ttie-succesf of the Salts-tloa Army House service Fund Gpaign for flS.OOO.GOQ limy 19-26.BslKlHBBBBBrVeBBBSotWIN, BROS.DMrtifiirtv$tfSWEEPING CHANGES PROPOSEDIN EEVENTJE DISTRICTSTO PBE7EHTJBELCHINGe. a regular teibit n of eating,irsucLe,,yorrcHa uiuruuspn-yu may pave no lurtoarume. If you should, take one ofChamberlain's Tablets immediatelyafter'sctpter. t(june-adv)oSweeping reorganization of the internal revenue service, which willaffect the States of Kentucky, Ohioand Illinois, is being evolved by theBureau of Internal Revenue. It is expected that the President will approve it and will make it operativethrough the medium of an executiveorder.Under the proposed plan the Clumbus revenue district in Ohio will bemerged with the Cincinnati revenuedistrict and the collectors office atColumbus will be abolished, Cincinnati having been slated as headquarters for the new district.Elwood Hamilton, Collector for theLexington District; General PercyHaley, of Frankfort, Ky., and others,have been in Washington during thelast few days in consultation withbureau officials in regard to the planwhich provides for the abolishmentof four of the five internal revenuecollection districts in Kentucky, andthe entire State is to be included inone district, with headquarters inLouisville.The State is to be divided for revenue collection purposes into 14 subdistricts, so that persons who havetaxes to pay will find a revenue officer within easy reach.HIGH COST OP LIVING NOT EX-PECTED TO DROP.Prices may not be expected todrop much in the near future, according to indications of reportsreaching the Federal Reserve Board,at Washington. The Reserve Board'sbulletin for May says that apparently"the business community has givenup the thought it may probablyawait a further considerable reduction in prices and is now contentingits.elf with the development of tradealong lines dependent upon at leastthe temporary maintenance of existing levels."Though prices of a few commodities have fallen slightly these declines have not yet been effected inretail prices, says the review."What is now happening," itadds, "seems to indicate that business will after a period of initial readjustment in prices, proceed upon alevel not far removed from that established during the war."oPRESBYTERIANS WOULD GIVEWOMEN RIGHT TO BE( MINISTERS.Recommendations to grant women full equality in church affairs,including the right to b'ecome ministers and elders were contained inovertures presented to the one hundred and thirty-first general assembly of the Presbyterian church of theUnited States of America in sessionat St. Louis this week.The report of the department of information laid before the commissioners recommends that all Presbyterianchurches in the country "engage inpaid newspaper advertising as oneaid in advancing the cause of Christin the world."o sSTATE HEALTH BOARD ORDERSCANDLING OF EGGS.The recent order of the State Boardof Health requiring the candling ofeggs in Kentucky between May 15and January 15 of each year wentinto effect Thursday. The order saysthat between May 15 and January15 of each year all eggs in the market, or intended for market, shall oehandled only on a candling basis andno navment either in cash or mer-chandise shall be made for eggs unlitfor food.oCIVIC IMPROVEMENTSt5ub unsiehtly holes and orokenplaces j city p.vemeits at .the bases;m X. . JSBBl k . o aJL9 Ul i i 'itArfTfcT TS ti n TdTM A -m.oi telephone turn Ltxespiw$tuic, amiat Gthiplacestnxxho$t th cityvhave been refilled with concrete, andmade presentable. Now if the tele-:rihjntiA .aniL telerabh. ntfrfftle cwill cooperate with .the city3h htvftfg thepoles.painted,.Itwrill,be a,mov?e "lax. -Mj jL rJtWyW' Mm' fiAvflsL1nil Al 71 w i, "aiTUBFRIENDLY 1TOBACCO It1Friendly" is a very good word to'describe thepositively pleasing quality that sets VELVETtobacco apart.There is that indescribable something about VELVETthat is associatedof a friend.in men's minds with the thoughtIIt is a satisfying smoke never harsh ; without a biteLike a" friend it "agrees" with you no matter howmuch you use it.Long, patient ageing inwooden hogsheads does it.Friendship must ripenslowly. Good tobacco thesame way. An army of .men have learned thisthrough VELVET.Today is a good time to geta lot of comfort out of apipeful of friendly VELVET.Roll a VELVET -CigaretteVELVET'S nature-agedmildness and smoothnessmake it Just right forcigarettesJggaa&xfyetoJc&accaCx15cJr " im'rnrm MMiS6Bfcffii-Z'isiBSfcMp 3eBfcMaSMjBf-ggMs1Bj iikwMftmmtt&WntltimW Imi-ABBM--..' - vv3BBBBBI J h-cZw -sPt je$ttt mlms rim" 'ivWmr - -.-c;-: cseTTJeSlilSfaw' mNEWSPAPER ADVERTKING INWAR AND PEACE!The Liberty Loan drives, the RedCross drives, the various war charities were made successful with theaid of newspaper advertising.Nothing else would have arousedthe people so quickly.No means of communication withthe masses of the people would havebeen so prompt and so low in cost.To-day newspaper advertising ishelping bring the world back to balance. It is opening the natural channelsof commerce, starting the mines andmills and opening jobs for the returning soldiers.oLAME BACK RELIEVED.For a. lame back apply Chamberlain's Liniment twice a day and massage the muscles of the back over theseat of pain tnorougniy at eacn -application.(june-adv)oSailors consider it very unlucky topoint toward another ship. It is theircustom to nod toward it, or to indicate its presence otherwise, but neverto point.iiajMMHMgBj fmmmL ..VPBHBhBBBk. H&ISBBBhBIbBBv' sSki'mrAr SvSSBSBBH9sBBBBBflPBlBsEjBBBBBB vk'A tcBBMBBBBBBMBtJWweBfMBlBy JBBBBBBBBBBW vBkM V TJBBJjBJBB8BBjkgKSHBftaBfleBBBBJ Wfc'J if ,.BeTBBHBHMBa3BBBBvsHH9eBBBBB8BS Biak,FBTCBuRBBc3SMSBBBBBBBBBBB0BHBBBBBnaVBEBHBH mmAetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect Againstsi FireTheftCollisionProperty DamageliabilityAnd Othr .Csvxltres 'Here's the big work, littlecbst tractor the TitansTVIE Titan 10-20 has been on the market forI years, And has made good Without reserratioti.1 10horeporweratthedrlWbar 20 hocsepoweirat the belt. ' ,A well-balanced tractor that is suited to all ftnn 'power work. It drives easily, afibrds mairmum ptffl. ii6C lower for its weitbt. and k suited m every wevto ''the general run of farm work. Not too large for fhc ;small farm, yet large ebouah to handle a oeat iroluma !I f ,mm- S'.&'!.:",ilg'.'IT if tirifru bii nKiremt Wwf Wa recommeod tbat you use an Oliver plow wjttmyour Titan tractor becausa it means the best pJowmgunder all conditions. Tbe combined roling couksraiidjosabsr barks all trash and weeds at the bottomof &b furrow; ?tifc stop device maintains an even depthof furrow; the plow joints enter and leave the groundfirst,inakirigitpcstopkwdea: field; and the trip rope control operates easily from( the driver's seat on the tractor.-) We have a full fine of Oliver plows as wcH as thsOitan tractor hercat aswC. S. BALL GARAGEf1it!aly, in her new bedget, is pro-Jn ad greatly to the appearance. vrf .... ' -r- isfr. ssB'BVaaaaaaaaaaa, . w . ,2saesW i- saT sDaWaaBaBBBIL'-'' i-reaaBu'iIlm and PnanKy I posing to tax bachelors.of Paris.SAGENTTHE BOTJBBO HEWS, PUIS, IM'l'UmiPA8XSITCTUESDAY, JUNE 3, 1919LIFT OFF CORNSWITH FINGERSpoesn't hurt a. bit and costs onlyfew centsNOTES OF THE COMING SALVA--TION &B3BY DHI7E.Sunday, June 15, will be Salvation Army Sunday in the churches ofthe Bluegrass section and every pastor in every church of the county isbeing supplied with interesting material concerning the war work of theSalvation Army lassies in France.No collections will be made in thechurches, but every pastor who hashad brought home to him a realization of just what the cheery facesof the girls in the blue bonnets whocarried steaming pitchers of coffeeand other comforts to thousands ofsoldiers standing knee deep in themud of the trenches of France, willgladly bring the matter of the Salvation Army's Home Service workbefore his people.KENTUCKY'S HONORED DEAD. ! mmuak wmmmmanxrmMaeic! Just dron a little Freezoneon that touchy corn, instantly itstops aching, then you lift the comoff with the fingers. Truly! Nohumbug.Try Freezone! Your druggist sellsa tiny bottle for a few cents, sufficient to rid your feet of every hardcorn, soft corn, or corn between thetoes, and calluses, without 6ne particle of pain, soreness or irritation.Freezone is the discovery of a notedCincinnati genius. (adv)oWHICH?Kentucky pays her teachers an average of ?13.56 for each childtaught, standing 38th from the top.Kentucky has $19.00 invested inschool property and equipment foreach child of school age.Kentucky pays her teachers anaverage salary of $ 3 59. 00 standing28 th from the top.Kentucky has property valued at$3,400 for each child between 6 and18, standing 41st from the top.Are we furnishing a small amountof money to educate our children because we are poor, or are we poorbecause we are furnishing a smallamount of money to educate ourchildren?Mrs. Arch Pool, wife of the Managing Editor of the State Journal, atFrankfort, Kentucky, is the chairman of the Woman's Committee forFrankfort, and is doing splendidwork-in bringing the women togetherand properly organizing them for thecampaign. Mrs. Pool is working withCharles F. Strassner, chairman, andTom P. Rodgers, .vice-chairman, forthe Frankfort committee, and together with the "Gogetter" Club of thatcity, which will be in active chargeof the campaign. Franklin countywill raise $5,'O00 for the 'SalvationArmy Campaign. The Board of Commerce of Frankfort stands firmlyback of the Campaign Committee andits new secretary, A. Cyrus Wall, villact as secretary of the CampaignCommittee.-Wilffloth'siFreshHomelBaked Breads,Cakes, Pies, Etc.-DailyFreshMeats.Roasts,Steak's,tChops, Fancy Goods.,FamousCoffees and TeasA. B. Hancock and James McClure,of the First National Bank, of Paris,are the leading spirits back of theorganization of the Salvation ArmyCampaign in Paris, and under theleadership of these two splendid generals, the War Work Committee,which, has done wonderful thingsduring the entire duration of the warunder Mr. Hancock's leadership, willbe lined up once more in the interests of the men and women, who tocarry creature comforts to woundedsoldiers in No Man's Land, faced theenemy fire thousands of times, whendoing so seemed to mean, and oftendid mean, death.S. B. Mexley, of Shelbyville, is issuing invitations for a dinner conference oil Friday evening, June 6,I when a number of prominent citizens' i ii.A i-. wi-sv TXTJec! Annonave oeen in.vn.eu. w mcci iwo -n.Coushaine, Director Blue Grass Section .Salvation Army Campaign, andBrigadier Dunham, of Cincinnati,who will tell of the Salvation Army'swork in France and its plans for thefuture.The Kentucky Council of Defensehas released, for publication duringthe first week in June the list of menfrom this State who lost their lives inthe service.The list is a long one. It has beencompiled by the State and CountyHistorians, principally from theUnited States Official Bulletin, butwith the personal work of the historian in each county.While this list is not yet completeit shows that up to this time thereare 2,668 Kentucky men and womenwho have given their lives tox thegreat cause of world liberty.Every county in the State has contributed to make this grand total.The men have come from every walkin life. Grim war has taken its toll Ifrom the Mountains, the Bluegrass,the Pennyrile and the Purchase.In this notable list will be found aMaior General and a-Red. Cross nurse.The flower of the young manhood ofthe State gave their lives on thebloody field of Passchendaele, theArgonne, Soissons, Verdun, BelleauWood, St. Mihiel and ChateauThierry. Among these men there aremany who have been awarded theDistinguished Service Cross for thebrave act in which they lost theirlives.The list includes, of course, notonly the -men who died in battle, orfrom wounds, but also those who diedat army camps and on the high sets.A soldier who loses his life from disease gives it to his country just astruly as one who has been killed inbattle. . ,In the list of soldier dead will befound names of men who died whilefighting with the Canadians, theFrench and the British.During the first week in June thecounty and State papers will publishthese lists of men who have made thesupreme sacrifice for their countryand for the peoples in far off landsto the end that their fellow countrymen may know their names and theirrecords and do them fitting honor.WILMOTHLGrocery Co.Phone 376&HOMEKILLEDMEATSVeal BeefPork LambIt's the BestTo Be HadMftRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketB. R. Jouett, of Winchester, is inactive charge of the organization ofthe Salvation Army Campaign forcesin Winchester. Miss Coushine willbe the speaker at a conference now.arranged for early next week, whenthe leading citizens of Winchesterwill hear of the work and the planof the campaign.. oCATARRHAL DEAFNESS CANNOTBEAREDBy local application," as they cannotreach the diseased portion of the ear.ThAro is onlv one wav to curecatarrhal deafness, and that is by aconstitutional remedy. Catarrhaldeafness is caused by an inflamedcondition of the mucous lining of theEustachian Tube. When this tube isinflamed you have a rumbling soundor imperfect hearing, and when it is' entirely closed, deafness is the result.iTTnlese the inflammation can be reduced and this tube restored to itsnormal condition, hearing will bedestroved forever. Many cases ofdeafness are caused by catarrh whichis an inflamed condition of the mucous surfaces. Hall's Catarrh Medicine acts through the blood on themucous surfaces of the system.We will give one hundred dollarsfor any case of Catarrh Deafness thatcannot be cured by Hall's CatarrhMedicine. Circulars free. All Druggists, 75 c.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio,(june-adv)oBIBLE STOPS BULLET AT APPROPRIATE TEXT.Providence is with the English inEevDt. is the firm belief of one British soldier. A Bible 'carried in hispocket was hit by a bullet from arifle. It was torn so that thesewords were exposed: "Blessed bethe Lord, who hath delivered youout of the hands of the Egyptians."oTHE DOCTOR AWAY FROM HOMEWHEN MOST NEEDEDPeople are often very much disappointed to find that their physicianis away from home when they mostneed his services. Diseases like painin the stomach are bowels, colic anddiarrhoea require prompt trae'tmentand have in many instances provenfatal before medicine could be procured or a physician summoned. Theright way is to keep at hand a bottleof Chamberlain's Colic and DiarrnoeaRemedy. ' No physician can prescribea better medicine for these diseases.By having it in the house you escapemuch pain and suffering and all risk.Buy it now; it may save life.(june-adv)oThe largest pineapple canneries inthe world are located in Honolulu.HELP THE SALVATION ARMYJune 23 to 30 there will be conducted in Kentucky a campaign forthe Home Service work of the Salvation Army of America, that magnificent organization which has covereditself with glory and honor in Itswork with the American troops atthe front in Europe. Wherever the"doughnut lassies" have been thestory of their unselfish devotion isthe same, from general to 'privatesoldier, for they treated all alike.The big work of the SalvationArmy in France is done. In- view ofwhat that organization accomplished,it might be expectedinow to rest fromits labors for a .while. But it isplunging right in on a campaign forhome work, and in preparation for itis asking the nation to contribute .afund of $13,000,000, and Kentuckymust and will do her share.There should be no question ofraising this money. Anybody who,knows the record of the Army inFrance will be glad to contributehis bit. That record, as most people realize, was not by any meansconfined to the distribution of doughnuts, though the importance of thatparticular service need not be minimized. The loyal men and womenshirked no duty and evaded no danger. They ministered to body andsoul, and did it so unobstrusiveiyand efficiently that one may searchthrough all the comment on theirwar activity, from all sources, andfind nothing but appreciative praise.There is still some work for themto do in France, more for them to doin America and in Kentucky. Theirplans for providing substitutes forcity saloons are receiving much attention just now, and there areother important tasks. Their pastachievement is sufficient guaranteethat they will give at least as muchbenefit for $13,000,000 as the nationhas any right to expect.SS393U5L17355s&ftgXfwXjSIjJKf m vrrCCMSSIA3TCCJ1?gf,5 "?fViHave YaurPorch Readyf or theWarm Days!ILet us fix yourporch just like youwant it withWart GrassRugs13is3I-The New Iceberg Refrigerators Save Ice. We areottering a special price on them.The Cool More Shade for your porch. Porch Swingsand Couch Hammocks, many colors and styles.. .Rest and ContentmentaThe DuplexFireless .Cookerwill do your work.Let us demonstrate itto you. You will wantone for the summer.Let us show you.ntfK-lhe DUPLEXFireless Stovecooksthe entiremeal.O"The Sellers Kitchen Cabinet-the Servant of the Home!;A. F. WHEELER & CO. iMain and Third StreetslmmmmmmmmCHAS. GREEN, ManagerOpposite Court House!THE LUXURY TAX.LIBERTY BONDSSafest Investment On EarthWe buy. and sell all Issues in large or small denominations. Telephone your orders at our expense.James C. Willson & Co.INVESTMENT SECURITIESAt 2 lO S. Fifth St. LOUISVILLE, KY.It is natural enough for mechanicsto kick about the new "luxury tax,"now in effect. The tax makes troublesome bookkeeping and probablyputs an artificial restriction on thesale of certain kinds of goods. Butthe general public is not kickingmuch, and in fact, is not greatly interested in the matter.The reason is simple enough, It isnot excessive patriotism. Mr. andMrs. Average Citizen do not like topay taxes any better than anybodyelse. But in this Case they don't naveto pay the taxes.We respectfully submit that thishypethetical average family is notgiven, even in era of war incomesprices, to paying more than ?2 apiecefor neckties, more than ?3 apiece forshirts, more than $10 apiece forshoes or picture frames, more than$4 for parasols or umbrellas, morethan 25 for woman's hats, morethan $7.50 for purses, more than$50 -for trunks.This being the case, the tax is demonstrable what it professes to bea "luxury tax." It may be annoyingunwise, unjustly discriminatory, etc.,but it has the saving democraticmerit that nobody has to pay unlesshe feels rich enough to afford it.I 0PIft WAS IN DITCH.It was not the ox in the ditch' ofwhich the scripture tells; but a finepig that worried one of Kentucky'slive county agents. In sending in areport he had the following to sayabout this pig which caused muchtrouble in a rural church:"Another very unusual duty askedof me this week was to use my influence to prevent one of my good farmers from being turned out of thechurch for huying a pair of Jou Orion2nd pigs on Sunday for a couple ofhundred dollars.'FISH BOILED IN MISSOURISTREAM.The breakage of an oil line inMissouri has caused thousands of fishto die, cattle to go without water,corn fields to be ruined and generalconsternation in the South Centralportions of this-State along theMissouri Hiver.The pipe line carries oil from theOklahoma and Kansas fields to therefineries in Indiana. It seems tohave a way of breaking at spots.The result is thatt he oil seeks thelow places, gets ' into the creeks,smothers the fish and keeps the stockfrom drinking. When the pipebursts in a corn field there is havoc.Farmers try to burn the oil off thestreams that stock may drink. Thisburning often cooks the fish, for thefire from oil is fierce. Clay bluffshave been baked up to a height oftwenty-five feet. In. the end burningdoes little good, for the sides, of thecreek are saturated with oil andthe next' rise taints the water.Fish in the Missouri River havebeen tainted by oil and people whobuy fresh fish from those streamsnear St. Louis, was covered with oilfrom a burst pipe recently, fish destroyed and wild ducks driven fromtheir usual haunts. The GasconadeRiver, one of the larger streams,has nearly been cleared of fish bythe oil.MAN ANDrrjay both derive saiisfaetionby having their worri and .soiledgarments cleaned by us. ''Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance, of new in. conjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a. greatving, must surely satisfy you.j A phone brings U3.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 Home Phone 169CHRONIC CONSTIPATION 'J Perhaps you have never thought ofit, out tnis disorder is cue lo a. ia.u.of moisture in the' residual of thefood. If you will drink an abundanceof water, eat raw fruits and take lotsof outdoor exercises, you may be ableeventually to overcome it entirely.In the meantime use tne most mildand gentle laxatives. Strong andharsh cathartics take too mucn waterout of the system and make a badmatter worse. Chamberlain's Tabletsare easy and pleasant to take, andmost agreeable in effect. Give thema trial.(june-adv)oRekjavik, the little capital of Iceland, is more than 1,00,0 years old.GE6rW. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PKONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.iIXIIXEXd&5INTERUBBAN SCHEDULEMembers of Congress in Bolivial get $15 a day during the time thatthe legislative chamber is.sitting, butonly if present. A " .1 - . - ""CARS LEAVELexineton ForPansA. M. 6.0 OxA. M. 7:20A. M. 8:50A. M. 10:20A. M. 11.50P. M. 1:20P. M. 2:50P. M. 4:20P. M. 6:00P. M. 7:20P. M. 9:10Paris ForlexinetonA. M. 6:45A. M. 7:15xA. M. 8:15A. M. 9:45A. M. 11:15P. M. 12:45P. M. 2:15P. M. 3:45P. M. 5:15P. M. 6:50P. M. 8:15The Home Telephone Your ServantFor Only a Few Cents Per DayP. M. 10:05P. M. 11:00(x) Daily except Sunday.KENTUCKY TRACTION AND TER.5 . Jt MINAL COMPANY . , .Let us analyze his qualifications: He is polite, 'intelligent, wUling;always on duty, day or night.He will instantly present to you the grocer,. butcherr baker ora-ny ofthe trades-folks, or the doctor, fire department or police In emerfiikeyi- jHe will go far beyond the confines of the town and bring to you inamazingly short time a member of the family or one of your' "good? prospective customers. "He will summons the railroad, boat or theatre ticket in a fW3c-onds. v yAnd as to wages, he. will -only cost-you. in .residence from r 5 tb8c.psday; in place ofbusiness from JL0 to 12c per day. .Pari Home Telephone TeleqrahCompany -(Incorp orated) -J. J. Veatch, District Manager.W. H. Cannon, -Local Ifauger?The News lob Department is Alwuys"There's a Reason." Work Done Rightlii-4?1, (C V" -m. t . P- ':&r4r-' ' ftScf" -THE BOUBBON HEWS, PAEIS, KEHTUCKYTUESDAY, JUNE 3, 1919H:!.. THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMOADMISSION .Adults Ticket 1 Sc; War Tax 2c-Children and Gallery . .Ticket 9c; War Tax 1 c2c-20c1c-10cMfflE EIGHT. i,r''m;,.:1i;ri'titMVi ill4snU Ir !'-Vt5?xMus. .jirfitV :fEl I" ITO-DAY, TUESDAYVivian Martin1WI INYou Never Saw Such a Girl"strafs-Tit from the farm they drove in their rattletrap car straightv fViA mniKsinn at Nft-wnort. and there they installed themselves. Thevrere a strange pair, this young maid and the old one. As for themg-e "you Never Saw Such a liin.ALSOWilliam DuncanIjlct the Fourth ITL. Man ftX Mfcht"and Pathe Comedy.TO-MORROW, WEDNESDAYWilliam S. HartIN"Breed of Men"Who said "Bill" Hart's blood was cold?"Breed of Men" proves that this doughty Westerner has a heartthrough which flows a flood of romance as warm as any man's.See what chances he takes for a girl in "Breed of Men" and, aboveall things, see the last chance he takes, when the blood runs to- his face,and he asks THE BIG QUESTION!There are a hundred scenes to make "Breed of Men" worth whilebut the climax! See it.Also a Paramount-Sennett Comedy"THE VILLAGE SMITHY"and Bray PictographTHURSDAY, JUNE 5thLadies' DayConstance TalmadgeIN"Experimental Marriage"Should people marry and lose their freedom, or stay single and losethe ones they love?Arbuckle Comedy, "Fatty's Timid Wife"Also International NewsNnf-A Two ladies will be admitted forviy one ticket, plus two cents war tax,on Thursday of each week.SpecialThursdaySpecialMOVINGBURKBURNETT OIL FIELDSSeethe Greatest Oil Field in the WorldSee Bourbon County Citizens Viewing the Great Gushers7DEATHS.6.k - J MORROW. if"""The funeral of Mr. George W.Morrow, aged siventy-six, one of the-best-known residents of Bourhontjounty, who died at his home nearClintonville, about noon Friday ofBright's disease, was held at threeoclock Sunday afternoon, with services conducted at the gTave in theCllajxmville Cemetery by Rev. Newton Shropshire. The honorary pallbearers were his former comrades inthe Confederate army. The activeall-bearers were George Estes, DanW: Peed, Gteorge W. Dawson, B. M.Itenlck, Frank Buchanan and Edward Weathers.Mr. Morrow was one of the mostgallant members of the Confederatearmy and gave distinguished serviceto the Lost Cause during the fouryears in which he wore the grey uniform of the Confederacy. He enlisted at the beginning of the warand served throughout to the end, being a member of Company D., EighthCavalry; commanded by Col. Royduke, in General John H. Morgan's-uixiuze. ne was twice wounaea in iaction. He was an uncompromising:Democrat and stood high in the councils of that party, being at one timeChairman of the Bourbon CountyDemocratic Committee, and alwayso-ae of the most loyal workers. Formny years he represented the Clintonville precinct as Megistrate in theBojurbon County. Fiscal Court., MriMorjowi .survived by three"fetftghters, Mrs.rr.JGhn Marders, ofCiftB&aville; Mrs:. Anza McWhorter,of Lexington; and Mrs- Frank Donaldson, of Hamden, Ohio; one sister,Mrs. H. C. Parvin, of Clintonville;four half-brothers, Frank, Abramand Bunt Buchanan, of Clintonville,and John Buchanan, of Waterville, JVcU3UlUglUU.HELP THE KIDNEYSHOLLIDAY.The funeral of Thomas Holliday,aged sixty, who died Saturday at theMassie Memorial Hospital, after alingering illness of locomotor ataxia,was held from the residence of Geo.W. Judy, on Twelfth street, Sundayafternoon at four o'clock, with services conducted at the grave in theParis Cemetery by Rev. George H.Harris, of Versailles, former rectorof St. Peter's Episcopal church, inthis city.Mr. Holliday was a son of the lateMr. John W. Holliday, for manyyears a prominent carriage manufacturer in this city. He is survived bythe following sisters, Mrs. Anna E.Peebles, of Lexington; Mrs. NellieValentine, of New York; Mrs. Geo.W. Judy, Misses Emma and CarrieHolliday, of Paris; and two brothers,Albert Holliday, of Chicago, andWill Holliday, of Pawtucket, RhodeIsland.The pall-bearers were James D.McClintock, Walter Davis, CharlesWhaley, A. B. Lovell, Harry O. Jamesand Wm. F. Talbott.oTHE TIME DRAWS OTGH GET A!JOHN DEERE BINDERParis Readers Are Learning: TheWay.It's the little kidney illsThe lame, weak or aching back jThe unnoticed urinary disordersThat may lead to dropsy andBright's disease.When the kidneys are weak, helpthem with Doan's Kidney PillsA remedy especially for weak kidneys. Doan's have been used in kidneytroubles for 50 years.Endorsed by 50,000 people endorsed at home.Proof in a Paris citizen's statement. Mrs. Chas. McCord, South Pleasantstreet, says: "I have used Doan'sKidney Pills at different times, getting them from Obedorfer's DrugStore, and I have found them a splendid medicine. Whenever my kidneyshave acted -irregularly'or my backhas been weak and lame, I havefound a box or so of Doan's KidneyPills sufficient to cure me of the attack." Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. McCord had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)ELECTRIC .FANS KEEP .KOOLAND K0MF0RTABL7If you get the best and strongestbinder made, buy a John Deere. Wesave you money on refrigerators,lawn mowers, paints and varnishes.(3-2t) FARMERS' SUPPLY CO.oIn the normal year of 365 days themonths of February, March and November always begin on the same dayof the week.SEE THE FIRELESS GAS RANGE.Save fuel, food, time and have convenience, efficiency that is found inusing the Chambers Fireless GasRange. Let us show you the fivegood points.(30-8t) JOHN MEKRINGER.oIn South America two dainties arelizards and baked centipedes.atMiaiiiftntmi ANNOUNCEMENTtj Lee-Kent Oil Company2 intorporaica qj $500,000 Capital Stock Par Value $1 .OO2 ' Office 5 1 2-5 1 4 Main St., Paris, Ky.-W. R'. Blakemore, PresidentOr. J. M. Williams, Vice PresidentEdward F. Spears, 2nd Vice PresidentWade H. Whitley, Chief CounselW. C. Bell, Treasurer JBlair A. Varden, SecretaryC. P. Mann, Sales ManagerOn the 10th Day of This Month We Advance Our Stockfrom Forty Cents per Share to Fifty Cents per Share, andwill sell at this price until July 1st, when we expect to closeour books against the sale of stock for less than par,which is $1.00.We are starting" a drill on Poplar Thicket, Big Sinking, and we hope to announce a fineWell in about fifteen days. We have two good wells on this property now and expect tohave several before snow falls this winter.We, together with the Bourbon Oil and Development Company and the Co-operatingCompany, paid $30,000 for the Poplar Thicket. Last week we were offered $40,000 andlater were asked to consider an offer of $50,000. This is only one of several valuable properties that the Lee-Kent Oil Company owns and they are all paid for with money in thebank.Remember we offer only a limited amount of stock at forty and fifty cents, and it issold to you on a positive guarantee, your money back with 6 per annum if you are dissatisfied after thirty tlays investigation.C. P. MANNSales ManagerLargest shipment of Westin.gh.ouseelectric fans ever brought to Parishas just been received. All sizes,styles and prices. See the small bedroom fan it is a comfort almost indispensible. PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.(3-tf)FOR GRADUATES.The House off Quality forGraduation Gifts.(tf) SHIRE & FITHIAN.Blue Grass Oil ExchangeIncorporatedKentucky Oil Securities Bought, Soldand Traded.Let us have your buying and selling orders. Open CallSession and Auction every Saturday at 8:00 p. m.41 S MAIN STREETCumb. Phone 313 Paris, Kentucky1DJ.TSTOOHIEITSIs the Place to Buy YourSUMMER FOOTWEAR9Enormous stocks ofSummer Fototwear,consisting of the verylatest styles in allassortments of reliable models. Our unequaledsystem of merchandising enabling us to sell atless than wholesale cost makes this store theSHOE CENTER OF ECONOMYShop here, be correctly shod for summer and you will appreciatethe big savings.IplIlipiMilllillll iwWMmLADIES' PUMPS AND OXFORDSIn Patent and Brown KidWALK-OVERSAt SpecialBargain Prices'pjyj!jpjpi?C "!s&'J?&Ladies' Patent Kid Oxfordsat :$3.49Ladies' Dark-Tan English O 4QOxfords, $4.50 values O.HtVChildren's Black Kid M. J.Pumps ;... .1.24Men's Tan English OxfordsatMen's Gun Metal EnglishOxfordsBarefoot Sandalsat$5.003.5099cMisses' and Children's Shoes and Slippers at Extremely Low PricesDAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe Store Where Beauty and Economy ReignVnm m!. -sfc-,tt j SIjT f si'. H) ' Ju