. -f -- r- '"-I"-.A "" "k,.".. y - --rf-t. - .. TTV -'S - '-.r '.Muj-I J 1'. Jvnr Sietfc, fJ. -i ' i' V" .ri v -JvS1?. JC : & -.il.J -tl j iMi At Vfc. $TiSr3VldH 4ba! a." ' MfT flii- I i 1"-' V -- SliWV- . v t .ye$niiBVr-f-g! 5t - V - $q . -Tj jgr?3fr h??.liTtf - - -w - lij- v- T iTv! jtt."r"-v.- v" fe,T?4i;.-ii-'i---r'jW3.- -:?'--?:-. - -i C -5" '.THE BOURBON NEWS-th:v -; -Kjjit---Vlr-i" " PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.Ui-.t-iVOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 4 1919m3dSJt2isS5SJKFk' . a ?Bttt air8?.SitTHE STATE ELECTIONTo-day, Tuesday, November 4, thevoters of Kentucky will determineat the polls whether the Democraticparty shall be continued in power orthe State government 'turned over tothe control of the Republicans. Itjs a momentous decision, which noman should make without carefulconsideration of the issues involved,the qualifications of the opposingcandidates, and the influences behind them.Ordinarily, national issues may bedisiegarded in the selection of Stateofficers, and should be if the localissues are of paramount importance,hut such is not the case in this election. The Republican platformpromises no reforms which the Democrats have not already undertaken,or are pledged to enact. The solequestion presented, therefore, iswhich of the two parties can be safelytrusted to redeem its promises theDemocrats or the Republicans.To determine this question, reflectfor a moment on the constituent elements of the two parties. The Democratic party admittedly contains thelarge majority of the intelligent citizens of the State, who own the bulkof the property, and consequentlypay the preponderant proportion ofthe taxes. It is equally true thatthere are many good men and trueand substantial taxpayers in theranks of the Republican party, butthey are in a hopeless minority, andtheir party's chances of success atthe polls would be negligible if thenegroes and the illiterate mountainwhites were eliminated from theequation.Considered from either point ofview. State or National, the argument for the election of the Democratic State ticket is unanswerable,and unless we badly miss our guessthe voters will so decide it to-day.Go to the polls early this morningand by your vote help to keep thereins of the State government in thehands of Gov. James D. Black andhis able assistants.GrODD PBICES REALIZED AT THE tTHOMPSON SALE.Good prices ruled, at the publicsale of stock, crop, farming implements etc., of I. D. Thompson, conducted Friday morning by Auotioneer George D. Speakes. Therewas a good attendance, and the bidding on nearly everything offeredwas spirited. Cows sold tor $90to$162.50; sheep, $22 to $26; sows,$25 to $40; sows with, pigs, $35 to$40: fat hogs, $35 to $40; shoats,9.50 each; one mule, $165, onepair mules, $475; two-year-oldhorse, $125; yearling Percheronhorse, $100; corn sold for $5.75 per"barrel, to be taken without gradingus to soundness; straw, $6 to $9.50a ton. The farming implementsbrought good prices.&FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSSPECIALSALEOFWAISTS$1.10r"-$FRANKLADIES' OUTFITTERSAutomobile Delivery -Y. M. C. AGAMPAEGN STARTSWITH $7,050.The initial movement in the $10,000 drive for the local Y. M. C. A.,was carried forward successfully atthe meeting held in the Grand OperaHouse, in this city, Sunday afternoon, when the sum of $7,050 wasraised for the fund." The building, asat previous meetings, was crowdedfrom wall to wall, and standing roomonly was available to late-comers.Mr. John T. Collins, who has attained par excellence as a master ofceremonies, presided at the meeting,and kept matters going along. Thebusiness meeting was preceded by aconcert by the famous Boys' andGirls' Band, of Maysville, an organization composed of thirty-five youngmen and two pretty young missesrunder the direction of BandmasterPurdon. The band made an excellent impression, their programstamping them as masters of theirinstruments. Every number wasliberally applauded, to which theband responded with encores. Considering the time the organizationhas been in existence, and the tenderage of some of the musicians, theband is a wonder, and would docredit to a much more pretentiousplace or leadership. The work of theband was supplemented by vocalsolos beautifully rendered by Capt,Robt. Harbeson, whose superb tenorvoice has often been heard here.Rev. Robert Nooe, pastor of theFrankfort Christian church, whohad been in the Y. M. C. A. serviceoverseas, addressed the audience,giving a stirring and interestingstory of his experiences in the workin the war zone. Rev. Nooe is aninspiring and magnetic speaker, andheld the undivided attention of hisaudience to the end.Whetf the call came for subscription for the fund, the response wasready and liberal, pledges comingin amounts ranging from $500 downto small sunms of $2 and $1. Thecontributions totalled $7,050.50.The committee made the announcement that the work would proceeduntil the entire amount had beensecured. Several hundred nameswere enruneu. uu cue nat ui yicugeataken at the meeting Sunday, andadditional names will be added fromday to day.Solicitors for the campaign fundwere busy among the farmers on thestreets yesterday, and succeeded inadding the sum of $800 to the above,bringing the total to $7,850. Theyfound the farmer ready and willingto contribute to the fund, and manywho contributed stated that theywould make it a point to see theirneighbors .and stir them up.oPREPARE WHILE YOU CAN ; COLDWEATHER COMING.Our car-load of stoves and heatershave arrived. Buy now. Have themput up while you can.(28-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.5.& CO."-?i'?&&:NOVEMBER FLOODS SWEEPBOURBON COUNTY STBEAMS .Following a week of rains, duringwhicli time the precipitation ofmoisture was far above the normalsupply, the streams of Bourboncounty, both large and small, 'tookan added burden of water on themselves, with the result that the November "rise," 'totally unexpected,caused considerable damage- throughout the county. lStoiTer and houston creeks andtheir tributaries were greatlyswollen as a result of the continuedrains and people living in the lowlands were forced to remove theirhousehold goods to higher ground.Especially was this the cause in 'thecolored suburbs of Ruckerville.Building material, fencing, logs,driftwood of all kinds, swept downthe muddy current of Stoner for twodays. The climax was reachedwhen a live hog, crated for shipment, was rescued from the tuijbidwaters of Houston creek, little worsefor the experience. The waterpassed the level of the new dam atthe Paris Milling Co.'s plant on Saturday and continued to rise untilthe reaction of the cold spell on Sunday set it on the back track.A farmer who attempted to crossthe north fork of Brush creek, nearLittle Rock, was compelled to abandon his machine. The rise of thewaters was so rapid that when lieleft the scene only' a few inches "ofthe tow was showing. Townsendcreek was so high that the ruralmail carrier serving that section ofthe county could not cross and hadto turn back. On Saturday two ofthe city mail carriers had to turnhack on account of the high watersin their territory. Back water fromHouston creek Saturday afternoonreached Houston avenue and reachedthe first floors of residences. Waterinvaded the first floor of the ParisMilling Co.'s plant, the flour stockhaving to be moved to higher quarters to prevent its being water soaked. Sandy Bottom and other lowlandparts of the city suffered from theinvasion of waters. The BourbonCounty Health & Welfare Leaguethrough its Visiting Nurse, Mrs.Harriet Minaker, promptly investigated all cases of distress and gaverelief to the unfortunate.The interurban service betweenParis and outside points was not asbadly interfered with as it mighthave been under the circumstances,the cars running fairly close toschedule time. T-he greatest troublewas experienced near Paris, due tothe water overflowing from Houston creek, covering the road. 'An uncompleted section of the bigdam on the Xalapa Farm of EdwardSimms, near Paris, was washedaway, together with the boxing anda large amount of other lumber thathad been used in the constructionof the dam.The rainy spell has been the heaviest for many years, causing somedamage. Tobacco all over the county has been injured, as well as cornin the shock. Several of the countypikes -were rendered almost impassahle. o-RED CROSS ROLL CALL CAMPAIGN PROGRESSING.Committees of- ladies representingthe Bourbon County Red Cross Chapter began the work yesterday of canvassing the city in the interest ofthe Third Red Cross Roll Call formembership in the county organization. The only requisite for membership is "a dollar and a heart."Honor Roll sheets are being distributed to all the business houses inthe city. Valuable assistance is being rendered in this respect and inthe distribution of advertising matter by the members of the GirlScouts organization. The negro precincts in the city will be taken careof by members of the American Legion. Reports of the work will begiven in by Thursday night. Thecampaign through the county formembership will be conducted bycommittees under the direction ofMrs. Hiram Roseberry, to-morrow,Wednesday, November 5.Be ready with your dollar whenwhen the solicitors come aiound. Ifyou haven't a heart, have the dollar ready anyhow, and turn it overto the Red Cross with a right goodwill in a light good cause.. oSUESFOR COMPENSATIONREAL ESTATE DEALONCharles P. Mann, representing theParis Realty Co., has filed suit in theoffice of Circuit Clerk Wm. H. Webbagainst B. M. Renick, president "ofthe Paris Milling Co., asking for ajudgment for $260 as compensationfor selling the residence of Mr. Renick, on Duncan avenue, to HiramRedmon, for $14,000.The petition alleges that after Mr.Mann, representing the Paris RealtyCo., had made the sale, Mr. Renickrefused to sign the agreement, andthat the deal in consequence, of suchaction, fell through.INTERURBAN CAR STRIKES ANDDAMAGES TRUCK.While backing out into the streetat the corner of Main and Sixteenthyesterday morning a large motortruck belonging to E. F. Spears. &Sons, driven by Charles Day, waswas struck by the 9:45 interurbanca from Lexington. The rear endof the big truck was smashed. Dayescaped -injury. He claims he didnot hear the car.coming and was unaware ofatsf being so close to himuntil the truckand car metan- wiA FINAL APPEAL TO BOURBONDEMOCRATSAlthough this issue of THE -NEWSappears on the day of the State election, we want to make a final appeal to all Democrats of the county,as well as all Independents and patriotic Republicans to let nothingprevent them from going to the pollsand casting their vote for the entireDemocratic ticket.'We urge this, not alone becausewe are a Democrat, but because wehonestly believe there is more tohope for from the Democratic ticket,in the way of eftlcient State government, than from the Republicanticket. In the first place, the people chose the Democratic ticket,While a few Republican leaderschoose their ticket. Gov. Black headsone ticket, Mr. Morrow the other.We have nothing unkind to sayabout Mr. Morrow. We know himas a pleasant gentleman and a finished speaker of unusual force, butno one will seriously contend thathe is the equal of Gov. Black inbusiness or executive capacity. Hehas had no experience in either,while Gov. Black has been a successin both. Then, too, the State Senatewill undoubtedly be Democratic, infact, there are enough hold-overDemocratic members and nomineeswithout opposition to insure this,and how could the people expectreal service with a Republican Governor, and a Democratic Senate andHouse?Governor Black is a clean, Christian gentleman of high ideals andpurposes, and will make Kentucky aconscientious, dependable conservative and capable Chief Executive.We therefore hope and confidentlybelieve he will be returned the winner by a splendid majority. Stampyour ballot under -the rooster today, "that's the way!"- z --o-i . ..CHILDREN'S HOME ' CANVASSPROGRESSING THIS WEEKIs a homeless Kentucky boy orgirL worth, the price of a smoke?And if it is, are you willing toback up your conviction to the. extent of a dime the price of a cigar?These questions are asked of everyperson in the State by the KentuckyChildren's Home Society, in an endeavor to raise $300,000 in a fiftyday campaign, for the purpose ofbuilding a village of cottages on afarm, ten miles from Louisville, nearSt. Mathews.As a. reminder of what the desti.tpjBhildren, who- had been rearedby the Society, have done to paytheir debt to the State, the childrennow in the care of the Society,proudly point to their service flagthat contains 130 stars, representingthe number of elder boys whoshouldered the gun against the Hun.Five of the number gave their livesfor the cause; ten won commissions,and one of the young ladies went toFrance as a Red Cross nurse.The Society does not deal with thedefective children of the State, butonly with those who are normal,mentally and physical, and shapesthem during the formative period' oflife into good and useful citizens.During more than twenty years of itshistory the Kentucky Children'sHome Society received from the various counties of the State on ordersfrom county judges about 3,000children, several hundred of whomare now grown men and women invarious avocations of life and anhonor to the State and institution.oNOTED HYPNOTIST TO APPEARHERE WEDNESDAYGalvani, the noted hypnotist, whois probably known to as many, if notmore theatre goers than any performer now before the public, hasbeen engaged to fill an engagementin the Grand Opera House for threeniglits, commencing Wednesdayevening, November 5.On Tuesday night he will place aman in dream land in the displaywindow at E. M. Wheeler's store tosleep until awakened Wednesdayevening on the stage.It will be remembered that Galvani is the man who gained muchnotoriety in this section when hehypnotized Wm. M. Damron, whowas at that time Governor of WestVirginia.Galvani has been before the public for 23 years, and is considered awonder. He has directed that ladiesbe admitted absolutely free Wednesday evening.oVOTE EARLY TO-DAY."Vote early" is the slogan of thecity precinct officers in the electionto-day, as well as workers in thebond issue campaign..With four separate ballots tohandle a great deal of extra laborwill be forced on officers of election.In order that every ballot may becounted voters are asked to go to thepolls early and await their turns,giving the clerks a steady flow ofTsork during the day.Expediting the work of handlingthe election to-day will be a patriotic duty.oJTNED FOR HUNTING RABBITSOUT OF SEA5UJN.In the County Court, yesterday,County Judge George Batterton,assessed fines of $23.50 each againstOra Owens and Albert Cameron,of the Ruddles Mills vicinityon charges of violating the gamelaws". The men entered pleas ofcruiltv to hunting rabbits out of season: The arrests were made by;lCounty. Game - .Warden - Douglas-QUESTIONS PUT UP TO ED. MORROW SATURDAY NO ANSWER.Does Mr. Morrow approve the vicious and incendiary denunciation of!the President of the United Statesand the processes of the law?Is Mr. Morrow fnr or arainst tiFederal government in its coursewith relation to the coal strike?Does Mr. Morrow believe the coalstrike either lawful or justifiable?Will he knowingly accept the support sought for him in a circularsent out Friday by the RepublicanCampaign Committee, and thus acknowledge his subserviency to aspirit of lawlessness and intolerance? Mr. Morrow is as dumb as an oyster respecting the great national andinternational issue, the ratificationof the peace treaty. But he acceptsthe support of those who stand readyto hail his election as a repudiationof the treaty by the people of Kentucky. He stands branded as a moralcoward, as a time-serving, vote-seekingpolitical trimmer, by his attitudeon this issue.His supporters in Bell countyprecipitated a new and much graverissue because it more directly concerns the business and the hearthstone of a large proportion of thepeople of Kentucky.Will Mr. Morrow permit himselfto be branded as a second time as amoral coward?Will he stand dumb in the face ofUie vociferous incendiarism of Bellcounty supporters?oGAS AND ELECTRIC CO. SUEDFOR DAMAGES.Suit for $30,000 damages for thedeath of his son, John Webb, hasbeen filed in the office of CircuitClerk Wm. H. Wehb, by JamesWebb, administrator, through his attorneys, Talbott & Whitley, of Paris.The case will probably be heard atthe November term of the BourbonCircuit Court.In the petition filed by the attorneys in the case it is alleged that inSeptember 25, 1919, young Wehb,while in the employ of the Cumberland Telephone Co., aV , ijnfi?,was, with the knowledge if oojtsent of the Paris Gas & TGkctric Co.,allowed to climb a pole belonging tothe Electric Co. to adjust some Highvoltage wires, which were rubbingagainst the telephone company'swires. - While so- engaged, itis aHeged he came in contact with a partof the high voltage wires whichwere not properly insulated, and received a current of electricty throughhis body which caused death. Theplaintiff claims it was throughthe gross negligence and carelessnessof the Electric Co. and its agents andemployes that his son was killed.Webb is survived by his widow andone child.WE KNOW HOWsWe Honestly Believe that We are Rendering a Service to the Men of Paris inRecommending and SellingSTMIN-BLOCHSMART CLOTHESTrue economy does not consist of buying arti--clesbecause they are low priced. Frequently thepurchase of a low priced suit may prove to be thegreatest extravagance. The measure ot economyis to be found in the measure of value.There are are no clothes made where the measure of value is greater than in STEIN-BLOCHSMART CLOTHES where you will find such acomplete and satisfying combination of tailoring,style, high quality of material, and all otherjjfactorsthat enter into genuine worth.We know, from our long experience in theclothing business, that we could offer you no betterclothes at at any price. No better are made. Andit is a great source of satisfaction to us to be able to "offer such clothes at prices you would ordinarily expect to pay for clothes of inferior quality.Prices $25.00 to $60.00MITCHELL &Stttson HatsManhattan ShirtsDr.. -..ANNUAL MEETING OF XEMIXAXSTATE ASSEMBLY.The annual meeting of tie Sfcai ttAssembly of the Rebekah. Decree, L -' O. O. F., for the State of Kemtuetanw " 'will be held this week at the Pkoemix?Hotel, in Lexington, beginninr-tW- r! (Tuesday) evening at 8 p. -ltt. wiUt r jan open session at which MiM.Mit 4 - 1j ue .IJallon' 0 me Lexington ixoe.cnairman oi ine uommuiee on. mm.- -tertainment, will preside. .. Abowt200 or 250 delegates the expectedMusic for this open, session will Wfurnished by the Girls' OrekeetrSrfrom the Odd Fellows' Home, and "kylocal soloists. A drill, also, will bgiven by sixteen girls from theHome.Wednesday and Thursday, at 9 a.m., the business sessions will be called to order by the president, MrsIolene Hawkins, of Flemingsburg:At 2:30 p. m. Wednesday, the delegates to the assembly will visit theOdd Fellows Home, inspect the plaat 'and enjoye a nentertainment given;by the children. Wednesday even-ing, 8 p. m. the floor work of tkdegree will be put on by a visitimyteam. Thursday evening, 8 p iithe memorial service will he heleVand the newly elected officers will heinstalled. ,The Rebekah Lodge is the sisterhood of the Independent Order oTOdd Fellows; one of its chief interests, besides the general moral aCfraternal priciples of the order. 3mthe maintenance of the Home forAged Odd Fellows and Rebekahsv atEminence. It aids in the support of"the Widows' and Orphons' Home,also.Paris lodge is represented by Mm,Ida W. Snyder, delegate, and MOllie Chambers, alternate. At tfcnext meeting of the lodge, on Thursday night, November 13,. when a social session and luncheon will- sgiven, these ladies will make a report of the proceedings of the StateChapter.oAT THE PARIS GRAND AND THsTALAMO THEATRE -To-day, Tuesday, November 4 Atthe Alamo, afternoon and night mladys Brockwell, in "Tne sneaicrntonio Moreno and Carol Hpuoway,in "Perils of Thunder Moumtai;"Harold Lloyd Comedy, "Heap BiffChief." Paris Grand afternoon annight "Shepherd of The Hills," istten big reels.I.- -TXT--J J T ?-"I o-morrow, weaueisua.y, .nuveuw5 Alamo, afternoon and nightVirginia Pearson, in "The Bishop'aEmeralds;" Larry Seamon Comedy"Dull Care;" Bray Pictograph. PariGrand, night Galvani, Hypnotist.Thursday, November 6 Alamo,afternoon and night Bert Lytell, in"Lombardi, Ltd," seven reels,Paris Grand,, night Galvani, Hypnotist. BLAKEMOREiNtttlttan ShtsaiKB rRtti's Cushion SatoTSlwatam '-IB JIcfash - Z r " ' '";mknmtti' Qi -tjr.1. jmvhu n. kar r-JyOi-fk",fri " -,-.?,-.r. ;i ,-- vr riGE twoVTHE BOURBON HEWS, PABIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, NOVEMBER 4JV- cVi""V.iXe- i' isrrDIE BOURBON NEWSIfcablished 188137 Years of Continuous Publicationiblished Every Tuesday and Pridayr Year. .$2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Adavance.WWHT CHAMP. Editor and Owner.OtaiortKl at the Paris, Kentucky,Posiofflce as Mail Matter of thet jtocond Clase.)Any erroneous reflection upon theik.roar afandiTI? Of reDUtatiOIl Oifmj person, firm or corporation whichMay appear in tne columns oi xa.aUllBON NEWS will be gladly corgMted it brought to attention of thetKor.0UE FOREIGN representaA TIVES.Hew York American Press Association. foica0 Lord & Thomas., Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atlanta Massengale Adv. Agency.1 Cincinnati Blaine-Thompson Co.Louisville Stark-Lowman Co.ADVERTISING RATESTHanl&T Advertisements. $1.00 per(men for first time; 50 cents per inchmIi HiihRamient insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineIMCh issue; reading notices in Diacitfyye, 20 cents per line, eacn issue.rrria nf thanks, calls on candltatee, obituaries and resolutions, andfdmilar matter, 10 cent per line.Special rates for large advertise&AnfB s.n(i vearlv contracts.who rieht. of tmbliBher is reseived(to decline any advertisement or otherMatter for publication.Announcements tor political officesVjst invariably be accompaniea oyhe cash.i DEMOCRATIC TICKET.t,-For Governor:! James D. Black.For Lieutenant Governor:!W. H. Shanks.For Secretary of State:Mat S.. Cohen.For Auditor of Public Accounts:Henry M. Bosworth.For Attorney General:Frank E. Daugherty.or Clerk of the Court of Appeals :John A. Goodman.i Superintendent of Public Instruction :It. E. Foster.i?or Commissioner of Agriculture:John W. Newman.For Representative: -JamesH. Thompson.FOR C0UNCILMENFirst Ward:J. H. Moreland, N. F. Brent, JohnJ. Williams.Second Ward:Edward Burke.Hugh Brent.Catesby Spears.t Third Ward:George Doyle.EDITORIAL MUSINGS.Free Advertising Grafters"In the mails which come to thisoffice daily there is much duplication and much waste of money, tosay nothing of the bother to us tosort out our mail from the 'junk.'Mail is still coming to this officefrom the treasury department, thecensus department, the war department, the labor section of the interior department, the collector's office,from Henry Ford's publicity agents,from the Red Cross, the Belgium AiS,the Boy Scouts, the Y. M. C. A., thenaval recruiting service, the 'aid tofatherless children in France, ther. E. temperance bureau, the National Chamber of Commerce, thegood roads bureau, the One Per Cent.Tax League, the Personal LibertyLeague, Purdue University, the public service boards and commissions,the picture corporations, the coaloperators, etc., etc., on ond withoutnd, all wanting free publicity, allwanting something for nothing, fromone that has to pay something foreverything.These various companies, organizations, committees, bureaus anddepartments would do well to correcttheir mailing lists. It is bad enoughto send one copy to each publisherwithout sending it in double andtriple- doses. This condition couldbe corrected in a large measure bythe people having this in charge.The government and State publicityis so uaaiy managed, is so valuelessM&L asttR;; ts-1 V tfeal it,?,might as well be discontinued altogether. Add to this the waste ofduplication and the extravagance isappalling."Saying Or Doing?"Your actions speak so loud I cannot hear what you say," said Emerson. Roosevelt put it another way"Make your actions square with yourwords." It is what we do not whatwe say that is the measure by whichwe are judged. No matter how wemay talk, if those words are notbacked by acts, all our professionsare in vain. There are people righthere in Paris who rant and talkabout the town and what should bedone to make it better. They cantell all its good points and arestrong in their condemnation of people who are not "boosters" andthen the first thing we know wefind them sending their money tomail-order houses or going to thecity to trade. Help your "Old HomeTown." The town that is goodenough to live in and make a livingin is good enought to spend in and,you will find that your home merchant is no higher, quality considered, than elsewhere. It is not whatyou say about Paris, it is what youdo, and how you live to your ownwords.Don't Stop Building.The cry is for houses more housesand still more houses here inParis. The cost of material and labor is high, but there seems no prospect that it will be lower and thehouses are needed right now. Theman who has contemplated buildingshould not be dissuaded by the cost,for when the building is completedthe value is there . Many of ourcitizens have been contemplating improvements. It will be the part ofwisdom to make the improvementsnow, for there is every chance thatnext year will see materials andlabor even higher than at present.We cannot look for cheap buildingmaterial. Our forests are denuded,and there has been no substitutefound that will reduce the cost ofbuilding. Nothing has been donefor two years to bring down material now, we must build morethan usual.TJndeodorized Aliens.This good old U. S. A. is so full ofaliens of various and sundry kinds,among them being the turbaned, theyellow, the lowT-browed and the undeodorized, that a little wholesomelegislation relative to their accumulating large gobs of land here is well.We like our Hindoo brother firstrate out on the railroad section, andare not particularly averse to seeinga slant-eyed Mongolian chase a shirtup and down a washboard, but don'texactly hanker for either of thembuying the adjoining home placenext to us and smoking baled hayand opium and stewing chop-suey tothe detriment of the pure and ambient atmosphere now full of healthful microbes and ozone.All In a Day's Work.A newspaper publisher has to do agerat many things in his calling thatare personally disagreeable to him.To do his paper justice he at timessacrifices friendships that are priceless. He is forced to forget himselfas a part of the machine. He goesafter stuff that does not interest himpersonally a bit, but he does it as aduty. Sometimes he is met by ahaughty grandee who wants to knowwhat business of his it is if he doesso and so, and the editor is given theinsult direct. But he doesn't payany attention to insults. If he didhe wouldn't last a day. In a littlecountry town these insults are borneas a business policy but not alwaysforgotten.Back To Old Time.Here we are again back to the oldtime, clocks and watches havingbeen set back an hour to conformwith "the order of things before theso-called "daylight saving" law became operative.Personally we preferred to let thetime stand as it was, even if we didhave to hustle out of bed an hourearlier. The advanced hour got usout of the daily grind with moredaylight at our disposal in the shankof the afternoon, and that seemed tohave suited city folks best. Countrypeople, however, didn't look at thematter from the same viewpoint,and it was their attitude that caused a revokation.PORTRAITS OF RED CROSSWORKERS ASKEDA request has been received byofficials of the local Red Cross Chapter from Dr. Stockton Axson, National Secretary of the Red Cross,asking that photographs of theChapter's most prominent workersbe forwarded to the x Red Crossheadquarters. At a recent meetingof the Chapter it was decided tosend photographs of Miss RanahOwens, Mrs. Owen L. Davis and Mrs.H. Clay Howard.The request, as stated by Dr. Axson, was made in accordance with aplan to be put into effect for makinga painting to typify the work of thewomanhood of America during thelate war.. The face of the allegoricpicture is to be a composite of American women, and as such will bearthe blended lineaments of representative workers in all sections of theUnited States.oTo the west nf .ifrino vi.i..- . le .tl.a"tic R,Ils as low as 10,--EXPERIMENT STATION WINS IMPORTANT LITIGATIONA suit instituted last June in theCircuit Court at Mt. Sterling by theKentucky Agricultural ExperimentStation, through its counsel, Mr. W.B. White, against the C. W. JeanCompany, an Indiana firm operatinga number of cream buying stationsthroughout Kentucky, for failure tosecure a license for their station inMt. Sterling last spring, was successfully terminated last week.Judge Robert Winn, attorney for theC. W. Jean Company, appeared inopen court and agreed that a judgment should be entered against hisclient for the sum of $300 and costs.This represents the first prosecutionbrought by Dean Thomas Cooper fora violation of the Kentucky Creamery and Tester's License Law, theobject of this law being to insurefair dealing beaween the producer ofcream and the company buying it.aIS LAXATIVElook At Tongue! Remove PoisonsFrom Stomach, Liver andBowelsAccept "California" Syrup of Figsonly look for the name Californiaon the package, then you are sureyour child is having the best andmost harmless laxative or physic forthe little stomach, liver and bowels.Children love its delicious fruittaste. Full directions for child'sdose on each bottle. Give it without fear.Mother! You must say "California." (adv)WJse Provision of Nature.Man always worships something; always he sees the Infinite shadowedforth in something finite; and indeedcan and must so see it In any finitething, once tempt him well to fix hiseyes thereon. Carlyle.NOTICE!Notice is hereby given that theBoard of Council of the City of Paris,Kentucky, by ordinance passed atthe regular meeting of said Council,on August 28, 1919, approved by theMayor, and published as required bylaw, called and ordered an electionto be held on the next regular election day, being November 4, 1919,for the purpose of submitting to thequalified voters of the City of Paris,Kentucky, the 'following question,to-wit:Are you in favor of issuing bondsof the City of Paris, Kentucky, in thesum of Sixty Thousand Dollars,($60,000.00), to be paid in leyiesmade annually to meet said bondsand the interest thereof, for the purpose of constructing and extendingthe sanitary sewer system of theCity of, Paris on the following-streets, to-wit:"Main street from Fourteenthstreet to Twentieth street."Fourteenth street from Mainstreet to Jackson street."Clifton street to a sanitarv seweron Clintonville pike from a point 50reet east of the L. & N. Railroad tothe intersection of Clifton street."On Clifton street from its intersection with Clintonville pike toNineteenth street; from its intersection with Nineteenth street 700feet t6 a lateral sewer."On Brent street from its intersection with Clintonville pike for adistance of 620 feet north, and onBrent street from its intersectionwith Nineteenth street 740 feetnorth to a lateral sewer."On Nineteenth street from its intersection with Clifton street to apoint 140 feet east from the centerline of Mam street."On Nineteenth street from its intersection with Clifton street to apoint 140 feet East on Brent street."On Tenth street from Pleasantstreet to L. & N. depot; thence southwith right of way of L. & N. Railroad to Winchester street."On Parrish avenue from Vinestreet to Link avenue."On Vine street from Parrish avenue to Harmon street."On Link avenue 100 feet northand. 100 feet south of Parrish avenue. J "On Scott avenue from a point 308feet west of Washington street to apoint 370 feet west of L. & N. Railroad, a sanitary sewer in privateright of way from trunk sewer toClifton street."On Maysville street from Scottavenue 350 feet north?". -, - J' W' SAYDEN,Clerk of the Boar4 of Council of the.. City ofjpaxis, Kentucky.SICHILDLift off Corns!Doesn't hurt a bit and Freezonecoats only a few cents.AAJfWith your fingers! You can lift offany hard corn, soft corn, or corn between the toes, and the hard skincalluses from bottom of feet.A tiny bottle of "Freezone" costslittle at any drug storei apply a fewdrops upon the corn or callus. Instantly it stops hurting, then shortlyyou lift that bothersome corn, orcallus right off, root and all, withoutone bit of pain or soreness. Truly!No humbug!(T-tf)That Much Assured.A somewhat Impecunious young fellow rashly engaged himself to a charming young thing, who shortly after thexcitement had subsided began tcevince doubts. Said she: "How long,dearie, do you think we shall have tcbe engaged?" "Well, sweetheart," saidthe young man cheerily, "I haveenough money to last for six monthsI think."CONSTIPATION.Most laxatives and cathartics afford only temporary relief andshould be used only for that purpose.When you want permanent relieftake Chamberlain's Tablets and becareful to observe the directionswith each package. These tabletsnot only move the bowels ,but improve the appetite and strengthenthe digestion.(adv-nov)o .Look Decent.Bobby's father was a photographer,and the little fellow had often seenhim take pictures and heard him admonish the people to "Look pleasant,please." One day he obtained a small,wornout camera and pretended to takehis little playmate's picture. Gettingher to stand for a snapshot, he directed: "Now, Hazel, stand still and lookdecent, please."A GOOD COUGH MEDICINE FORCHILDREN.Mrs. J. W. Phillips, Redon, Ga.,phoned to J. M. Floyd, the merchantthere, for a bottle of Chamberlain'sCough Remedy and said she hadbought a bottle of it at his store recently and that it was doing herchildren so much good that shewanted to keep up the treatment.You will find nothing .better forcoughs and colds in children or forj'ourself. It keeps the cough loose,expectoration easy and soon freesthe system from the cold.(adv-nov)PUBLIC SALE5 SMALL FARMS 5And Two Houses and LotsWe will offer at public auction, orT -SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 8thAT 10:30 O'CLOCKThat excellent tract of land known as a portion of the W 7 tu eat Donerail Station, on the Q. & C. R. R., 7 miles f Lexington the eKHighway, and hve miles from Georgetown, every foot of which i 1 2a i 5except about ten acre, that wa. plowed out of sod this ywr and M n K ? ilent tobacco land and will be offered in the followin7manne " CXCe1'Three five-acre tracts; one ten-acre tract; about thirtv acres wWK Wten-acre barn and an 8-room house, excellent .SdVteSd a. a wholiTh,s farm w,ll be offered in a way and with term, that wTO be vm liberal ft;everyone can own a piece of land tbat will pay for itself with one crop 'Thereill also be offered two house, and lot. located at Donerail St;;l! gardens6 SL3Terms will be made known on day of sale, which will be very liberal indeed.Ford & WoodRal Estate Agents, Georgetown, Ky -- v-Or HARRIS & SPEAKES, Paris, Ky.For SaleTwo upright pianos, one BaldwMand one Cable & Son. Address,H. C. McKIM,Care Y. M. C. A.,(28-3t) Paris, Ky.Truck and Cars, ForHireServiceable truck and cars for hireat reasonable rates. Taxicab serviceday and night.S. R. HUDNALL,Both Phones. At Ruggles Garage.Administrator's Notice.All persons having claims againstthe estate of Robert B. Lyne, deceased, are requested to presentthem, properly proven as required bylaw, to the undersigned Administrator, at the Farmers' & Traders'Bank, in Paris, Ky., for payment.All persons knowing themselvesindebted to the estate of the saidRobert B. Lyne are requested to callon the undersigned Administratorand make prompt and full settlement of such indebtedness.WALLACE W. MITCHELL,Administrator of Robert B. Lyne.(31-3 wks)Administrator's Notice!All persons having claims againstthe estate of Mrs. Sallie E. Bashford,deceased, will please present them,properly proven, as required by law,to the undersigned Adminstrator, atthe Peoples and Deposit Bank &Trust Company, corner of Main andFourth streets, Paris, Ky.All persons knowing themselvesindebted to the estate of the saidMrs. Sallie E. Bashford, deceased,are requested to call and makeprompt and full settlement of suchindebtedness.CLARENCE K. THOMAS,Administrator of Mrs. Sallie E. Bashford, Deceased.(2 4-3 wks)PUBLIC AUCTIONAT 2:30 P. M., ONThursday, November 6, 1919on the premises on Mt. Airy Avenue, Paris, Kentucky,we will sellTWO FINE HOMESNo. 1 Belongs to Ed Stump and is a two-storyframe, seven rooms, bath, gas. Aiso a good cellar andcistern, garage and hen house. Possession Nov. 15th.No. 2 Belongs to Mrs. M. A. Paton, located ohMt. Airy Avenue, two doors above the Stump- property.Two-story brick with slate roof, 8 rooms, halls, porches,good cellar and cistern. Possession in sixty days.Don't forget the day and date, Thursday, November6th, at 2:30 p. m.Paris Realty Company512-514 Main Street Office with Lee-Kent Oil Co.C. P. MANN and H. S. REDMONParis, Kentuckyor-For SaleNew five-ton Fairbanks StockScales. Never been taken fromboxesW. H. MCMILLAN,(28-2t) n Paris, Ky.Fine Cattle For SaleI have 48 head of fancy feedingsteers for sale. Will weigh around1,000 pounds; also 18 head yearlingsteers.T. J. LEWIS,Frankort, Ky., Route 1,(28-tg) Home Phone 425.Xawleigh's All Medicine Hog MixtureQuality First; Results Assured.Try 100 pounds. Money refunded if-t satisfied. Cost one-fifth of a centr average dose.Call Cumberland Phone 487; Homeone 256, for further information.M. 0. BIDDLE.The Rawleieh Man.8aug-tDror Sale Privately. Six-room cottage located at 268.t. Airy Avenue, is for sale privately. This is one of the most desirable pieces of residence propertyIn the city, being located in the bestneighborhood in Paris. House contains 6 rooms, bath, porches, waterworks, electric lights and all modernconveniences.Lot is 76 2-3x200 feet. A nicebuilding lot could be taken off side.Any one desiring a nice home woulddo well to look this property over.For further particulars inquire onthe premises.MRS. LIDA B. CONWAY,Paris, Kentucky.Home Phone 337. (21-tf)"iLaiu-frj ak.j2JHLliL.r!lr'V-. T- -Y'TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 4, 1919THE BOdtBOB naWS, PAJUg, XERTBUJLIT p'1 1 Owe My Life toDC-Dll M IMr. McKinTeva laftA.brings cheer to all whomay be sufferers as hewas. Read it:"I can honestly say that I otrefX i ji V"1". -a-iter some ofthe best doctors in tho r...Grave xne up and told me I couldnot live another month, Perunasaved me. Travelling from townto town., throughout the countryand; te Into all kindsof badly heated stores and buildings, sometimes standing: up forhours at a time while plying mytrade as auctioneer, It is onlynatural that I had colds freHently; so when this wouldoccur I paid little attention to it,until last December when I contracted a severe case, which,through neglect on my partsettled on my lungs. Wfcea al-P0"1 .ISit.1! aoctoriH.butj vrithourt avail, uatil I heardex Feruaa. It cared me; so Icannot praise it too highly."ItCuredMeMr. Samuel McKIaley, 2504 B.22nd St, Kansas City, Mo., Member of the Society of U. S. JewelryAuctioneers.Sold Everywhere.Tablet or Liquid FormSjUEROADS say coal dealersMUST HUSTLE.Announcement has been made bythe Louisville & Nashville officials tothe coal dealers of Paris, that a period of twenty-four hours only wouldbe granted them in which to unloadcars of coal. If the car is not unloaded in that time they assume therisk of having it confiscated bythei ail road.Also, if a merchant receives acar of coal, and it is not unloadedwithin .a period of twenty-fourhours, and another car consigned tothem arrives, it will also be confiscated by the railroad.oMany TimeaHaven't you observed that most ofthe world's mistakes are due to thecircumstances that it refrains fromdoing things as you would have themdone? Houston Post.1 1 NICE HAIRISALLFALLINGOUTHthtv! .Let " Danderine " SaveYour Hair and DoubleIts Beauty.PARIS BOYS WIN PROMOTIONS.Landen Templin, of Paris, graduate of the 1915 Paris High Schoolclass and the 1919 class at the University of Kentucky, has been promoted to the position of manager ofthe draughting department ofHersch & Bro., manufacturing engineers, at Allentown, Pa., where hehas been stationed only a fewmonths. He is a son of Mr. and Mrs.T. T. Templin, of Paris.The promotion came to Mr. Templin after he had landed a $75,000contract for his firm for heatingand ventilating a large branch factory for the Bethlehem Steel Corporation, in Pittsburg, Pa., over thecompetition of several other bidders.George M. Kiser, formerly an attache of THE NEWS, who has beenin charge of the Bowling &reenoffice of the Frick & Lindsay Oil &Gas Supplies Co., of Pittsburg, Pa.,has been promoted to the position ofAssistant Credit manager for theKentucky dsitrict, effective November 1. About January 1 Mr. Kiserwill be advanced to full charge ofthe credit department, and will makehis headquarters in Louisville, incharge of the work in the Easternand Western Kentucky oil fields.TELEPHONE BATES TO CONTINUE.SOCIAIAND PERSONAL.Comings and. Goings of OarPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Stop falling hair at once and ridthe scalp of every particle of dandruff, get a small bottle of delightful"Danderine" at any drug or toiletcounter for a few cents, pour a littlein your hand and rub it into thescalp. After several applications thehair usually stops coming out andyou can't find any dandruff. Helpyour hair grow long, thick andstrong and become soft, glossy andabundant. (adv)At the meeting of the City Council permission was granted the ParisHome Telephone Company to continue its present rate of charges foranother year. While the rates mayseem to be a little high, there is nogood reason why they should not bemaintained until normal conditionsprevail.Material has advanced greatlyand salaries are higher, hence, inorder that the company may makea reasonable profit it is necessary tocharge more for the services givennow than was charged a few yearsago. It is hoped that within another year we may be back where wewere, and that it will not be necessary to continue the high price ofeverything, as is the case now. Thelaborer is worthy of his hire. Let'sregister no kick on a continuationfor a year of the advanced rates,but hope for and expect a servicecommensurate with the pricecharged.oEducation Through Parties.The average man's initials are familiar to the people of his community.But nobody ever knows his full nameuntil his wife gives a party. TopekaCapitoLMiss Luna Duffey has gone toWellington, Kansas, to visit relatives. Mrs. J. T. Brown has gone toMartinsville, Indiana, to remainsome time.Col. and Mrs. E. F. Clay leftSunday for Eustis, Florida, to spendthe winter months.Mr. and Mrs. T. J. Jefferson, ofnear Paris, are visiting relatives inJacksonville, 111.Miss Edna Smith has returnedfrom a visit to her sister, Mrs. JohnTaylor, in Cynthiana.Andrew J. Gorey, of Covington,spent the week-end as guest of hisbrother, Edward H. Gorey.Mrs. L. H. Mulfinger has recovered from a recent serious illness,and is able to be out again.Mrs. E. R. Herrin, of Washington, D. C, is a guest of her sister,Mrs. A. J. Fee, on Fifth street.Mr. and Mrs, L. D. Baldwin havetaken rooms with Mr. and Mrs. Geo.W. Redmon, on Pleasant street.Mr. and Mrs. Richard H. Willshave returned from a visit to Mr.and Mrs. E. S. Wills, in Cynthiana.Mrs. Serelda Chambers, of Boulder, Colorado, is a guest at the homeof Mr. and Mrs. Grover Baldyin, inthis city.Mrs. J. Frank Clay, who hasbeen quite ill at the home of her sister, Mrs. Harry B. Clay, on Duncanavenue, is improving.Mrs. Charles Monson has returned from St. Joseph Hospital, inLexington, where she has been a patient for some time.Edgar Vansant has gone to St.Louis, where he has taken a positionin the employ of a large chemicalmanufacturing concern.Mr. and Mrs. Edward Carr havereturned to their home in Cynthianaafter a visit to Mr." and Mrs. StanleyRichards, in this city.Mrs. Muse and Mrs. Granger,who have been guests of Mrs. OscarT. Hinton, have returned to theirhomes in Baltimore. They were accompanied as far as Cincinnati byMrs. Hinton, who spent severaldays there as guest of her sister,Miss Mary Wilson.Ned Brent entertained a number of his young friends with a Hallowe'en party Friday night at thehome of his father N. Ford Brent, onPleasant street. Another enjoyableHallowe'en event for the same nightwas the one given by Miss ElizabethGrimes, at her home on Duncan avenue, for her young nephews, the sonsof Mr. and Mrs. Virgil Gaitskill.Miss Eleanor Plummer and MissHelen Speakes entertained with aHallowe'en party at the home of thelatter's parents, Mr. and Mrs. Blanton Speakes, on Nineteenth street.About fifty guests were present.The hosts were assisted in entertaining by Misses Lela and Nell Speakesand Lucy Plummer. The decorationscheme of Hallowe'en was cariiedout in the rooms.(Other Personals on Page 5)AMERICAN LEGION TO GIVE ABANQUET.Y. M. C. A. WORKERS.At a meeting of the Y. M. C. A.Campaign Committee, last week, thefollowing workers were chosen:W. B. Ardery, Sid- Ardery, Jr.,George Batterton, H. L. Baldwin,Silas Bedford, Matt Bedford; DuncanBell, J. Elmer Boardman, N. FordBrent, John M. Brennan, Jas. Carroll Bryan, Aylette Buckner, WoodBuckner, Ben Buckner, E. J. Burris,S. R. Burris, Tilford Burnett, G. R.Burberry, Jas. M. Caldwell, Dr. F.P.- Campbell, H. S. Caywood, SwiftChamp, John Christman, C. C.Clarke, Edsell Clarke, Charlton A.Clay, J. Frank Clay, Douglas Clay,John M. Clay, Sam Clay, Roy Clendenin, E. C. Cleveland, John T. Collins, M. P. Collier, C. P. Cook, J. H.Comer, J. W. Connell, Geo. Current,Current Cunningham, Dr. M. H.Dailey, Joe Davis, Jr., John Davis,0. L. Davis, Dr. C. G. Dougherty, Rudolph Davis, James L. Dodge, DenisDundon, Hugh Ferguson, James H.Ferguson, Volney Ferguson, JimFisher, Fred Fister, R. M. Gilkey,Joe Grosche, A. B. Hancock, Sam P.Harding, L. D. Harris, John T.Hedges, Dr. D. S. Henry, E. T. Hinton, W. O. Hinton, Harry Holt, O. E.Hurst, H. O. James, E. B. January,J. W. Jones, Geo. K. Jones, WalterKenney, Harry Kerslake, HomerKiser, M. J. Lavin, Joe Leach, LewisLilleston, F. P. Lowry, W. G. McClintock, Raymond McMillan, W. D.Mclntyre, James McClure, JohnMarr, J. O. Marshall, T. L Marshall,Walter Meng, Robert Meteer, BruceMiller, C. B. Mitchell, LawrenceMitchell, Wallace Mitchell, A. T.Moffett, D. C. Parrish, Sr., D. C. Parrish, Jr., Pearce Paton, H. A. Power,Edw. Prichard, Geo. K. Redmon,Joe Penn Redmon, T. J. Redmon,Wm. Remington, Julian Rogers, Hiram Roseberry, W. M. Rogers, R. C.Ruggles, Bernard Santen, J. M.Scott, Wm. Shire, Joe B. Smith, Geo.Speakes. Catesbv Snears. Chas.Spears, T. W. Spicer, A. L. Stephenson, M. J. Stern, Geo. Stuart, BillyTaylor, H. L. Terrill, E. A. Thomason, W. A. Thomason, Ed. Tucker,Amos Turney, White Varden, HopeWiedemann, Geo. Wilder, John J.Williams, Wade Whitley, SamWeathers, Catesby Woodford, J. S.Wilson, John Woodfoul, Chas. R.White, Wm. Wornall, J. MillerWard, Geo. Wyatt, Jr.. Chas. Webber, Wm. Whaley, Ben Woodford,Sr., Tollie Young, John Yerkes, Dr. jJ. A. Orr, Sherman Stivers, ErnestDarnaby, C. C. Gieen.The workers will meet at the "Y"Gymnasium immediately after thegym exhibition Thmsday evening.All workers aie requested to bi present.Wolf, WileAnnounceA Complete NewDisplay of Tailoredand Fur TrimmedSuitss.-OLEIKA TEMPLE TO HAVE CEREMONIAL.Save Time and MonetBy Using aHome TelephoneResidence rate ranging from 25 to3.00 per month for Botarbon Countyservice.Place yotar order now and av.oid thefall rush on installs.Paris Home Telephone & TelegraphCompany(Incorporated)J. J. Veatch, District Manager W. H. Cannon, Local Manager.-rT-sjfi;mmSPECIALSALEDetroit Jewel Stoves, Rangesand FurnacesMr, S, E. Guinn, of the Detroit StoveWorks, is with us for a few days.Come in and let him explain to youthe remarkable performances of theJewel Pipeless Eurnace and Combination Coal and Gas Ranges.GET A JEWELAND SAVE FUELAt a meeting of the American Legion representatives in this city anentertainment committee, composedof Hiram Roseberry, Roy Ogden, Dr.Avonia Kiser, Finnell Galloway andJos. Letcher, was appointed, andclothed with authority to make arrangements for a banquet to be-givenin this city on the night of Tuesday, Nov. 11, that being the first anniversary of the signing of the armistice. All the ex-service men in thecounty will be invited to attend asguests of the Bourbon Post.The committee was also instructedto make arrangements for the appearance in Paris at an early date of.the famous Million Dollar Band,which is giving concerts throughthe country under the auspices ofthe American Legion. This band isto furnish, the music at the meetingof the National Convention, to beheld in Minneapolis, Minn., in November.At the meeting the case of a youngParis boy, who had returned from along service in domestic camps inFrance, and was not given his formerposition, was brought to the attention of the Post Commander, whowas instructed to look into the matter and to take action in accord withthe piinciples of the American Legion. oGOT HER WIRES CROSSED.Olieka Temple, Lexington Shiiners, will hold a fall ceremonial onThanksgiving Day. A' large class isexpected to cross the'scorching sandson that date, and while completeplans have not been perfected forthe ceremonial it is expected to beon.e of the largest ever held by theShriners.For Young Womendeveloped along the lateststraight line and rippled coat,effects. Very clinging materialsonly are used.8New Coat Modelswith large fur collars that canbe fastened close and comfortable to the neck or lay flat andcomfortable over the shoulders.Rich, soft Bolivias,Evora Cloths,Duvetyn's, Velours and PeachBloom.New Ideas in DressesCharming models in street, afternoon and formal eveninggowns, fashioned from satinoharmeuse, duvet superior, silkvelvets and crepe meteor in thelatest bouffant effects. Allmoderately priced.Wolf, Wile C& Co.1AWeiWd wdmtmKifiLexington, Ky.irtMthiifeiBWiWWffirifrABWBThe News Job Department is Always Busy.'There's a Reason." Work Done Right iT. W-314 Main St.SPICERParis, Kentuckywm.timtmHttwiammmmn111 the stillness of the early morning Wednesday, while a NEWSRp.Hhft was -vainlv endeavoring: tosolve the problem of condensing aliolf.nnlnmn of "cfiiff" into OTlfi Tiara-graph. there came an insistent jangle of the telephone. There was nodenying the hates demanded in answering. Prom the other end of the linecame the query, in a decidedly aggressive feminine voice: "uan youtell me what time the airships willarrive here?" Allowing time inwhich to recover, the scribe manag(A to r.onvev the information thathe had no knowledge of the matter,and could give no information thatwould be of value. In an injuredtnnp p.amfi the reDlv over the telephone: "Why, I just read in theParis papers where they would behere some time to-day." The scribeconsulted his notebook for severalpages, and despairingly informed thewoman that as far. .as he could ascertain there was no event of thatTrini cMioHnTpd for Paris. After theaggrieved woman had slammed the'receiver in place it. aawnea uyuu ubenighted mind that the womanrr,Qt flip visit of "The Flyinscmiodrnn ' to Paris in the interest!of the prohibition campaign. But thetdamage was done, and as it wasp .tj. . -ra : T nranf Aon IVtiift flfl.v ior nym, uc wcm, wvw,jVALVE-1N-HEAP fe) ?r MOTOie CAWS ' r;. " '-Iv CThe Buick Built Rear AxleIs another mechanical unit thai bears the indelible BuickStamp. Because of Buick patents that make it uniquein design, manufacture and serviceability. No otherautomobile company can build an axle like it.I back to his work.It is of the full floating type,insuring double factors of safetyand the maximum of accessibilityfor adjustment or repair.Housing, differential, pinions,shafts, universal joints and bearings are uniformly stronger thanthe demands of service can require, and the standards set byBuick designers are maintainedin a factory equipped with themost modern machinery.. An elaborate inspection systemkeeps an infallible check on allheat treating and mechanical operations, and the factory organization is backed by experiencecovering nearly twenty years.'1When Better Automobiles Are Built BUICK Will Build ThemC. 5. BALL OARAGE, :ril. -t.fourth and Pleasant Streets, :Mti -3 -j,2f .-rwytL .jyiwi isg,!1, ""ui.vi "VWPV1 'w 'j; J,wiypiii'ut-.i!giiJiqinVIV1-TtmSDAJt XfcYHMBMl 4, ISlf!THX BOUBBOK.piws,-mfTUcrT" v-jjfT-:AMQEIfOTTlvil-SiJ-3RABIS"GOB" WHITESLOKG SILENCE.AFTERAfter a long silence on his part,THE NEWS lias heard from Ed.Jltzpatrick, a former attache of thejper, who has been in the navalservice of Uncle Sam for severalDEATHS.f-NewsBROWN,has beenreceived byKEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSyears. jmzpatricK nas naa a varied , rrienos uere tuai ui. juuu iuuusexperience in the service, and has , Brown, son of the former Kentuckyeen a great deal of the world. He , Governor of the same name, and ais now on board the U. S. S. "Miss- surgeon of distinction, is dead in Ariissippi," on the Pacific Coast. (zona, where he went some time agoAfter the usual greetings, saluta- because of ill health. Pneumoniations and inquiries as to the general developed several days ago. For twowelfare of THE NEWS force, "Fitz," years he was superintendent of themting from San Pedro, Cali., says, Central State Hospital at Lakeland,in part: - 'He was a professor in the medical"Have been having the time of my school of St. Louis University andlife since I reached the Golden Gate, surgeon in St. John's Hospital.Cod's country is a good name for Survivors are his widow, Mrs. CoraCalifornia, for it is sunshine and Brown; a son, John Young Brown,lowers the years around. No over- jr.? ani two daughters. All live incoats here. No snowballs, either. I gt Louis.left the east cost in July, when the j 'Pacific fleet was formed. Had nice j DAVIS.ajj. u"uu0a m iciiamu v""l" . . i "RaIji.Hvpr in this r.itv received a-risited all the large cities on thiscoast San Diego, Los Angeles,Trisco, Seattle, Tacoma, etc., alsotouching at a few small townsJSanta Cruz, Santa Barbara, Monterey, and last but not least, had a bigJiberty' in Panama City. Our ship;will make San Pedro its headquartelegram yesterday from Washington, telling of the death of Mrs.Garrett M. Davis, aged sixty-two, after a short illness. following a serious operation.Mrs. Davis was the wife of Mr.Gerrett M. Davis, for many years aprominent member of the Bourbonters for the winter. That city being who has b residin& in Wash.mly a short street car ride from LosAngeles. I am getting lots of 'liberty and everything thrown in. Iington for years, being engaged inthe Government service. As MissBettie Smith, she was one of theyfiu get ou.u ui me seiviuc in eigut most beautifUl young women inmonths, so expect to come and see paris where she spent most of herU hands then. Am sending you girlhood days. She was a grandcopies of the official publication of daughter of the iate Mr. Benj. Harour ship, "The Missirsippi Bulle- r, one of the pioneers of Paris,tin," on which I am engaged. Re- The body win alTive in this cityjgards to all. Would like to hear on the 10:49 Louisville and Nash-rom an tne Doys. My aaaress is, ni train from Cincinnati, this"ED. FITZPATRICK,'Printing Office U. S. S. Mississippi,Care Postmaster, San Francisco,Cali."i oTHE BEST INSURANCE.Insure your tobacco in thetarn against Fire and Windstorm withYERKES & PEED,Farmers & Traders Bank.(augl5-tf)Mississippi FarmsFor SaleNo. 727680 acres, 80 acies onfront upland in pasture, 600 avres:front upland in pasture, 600 ocres-which, .Is, fine alfalfa land. At onetutting this ymr 36 acres yielded115 tonsvoReft Clover and Bermuda. 1?HH$?c6tton and corn cropto show. Improvements consist ofjgood new barn and cottage, enoughtenant houses and fencing. Deep'well, one overflowing. Six miles-of West Point, Miss., four miles ofmiles of Muldon on road contractedto be rocked, now within two milesof place. School wagon carrieschildren to school.No. 729 40 acres all alfalfaland. Four room residence, two cabins, deep well, fenced. Adjoins 1203.cres, no better land, that owner refused $150 per acre. Four miles ofWest Point, one-fourth mile fromrock road, on good graded road.No. 727 177 acres, three miles ofWest Point, Miss., on rock road,four-room residence, deep well, tenant 'house. This adjoins land thatsold for $125 per acre.No. 694 113 acres, adjoins aviation field, four miles from WestPoint, Miss., on rock road; 50 percent, alfalfa land, and the other agood grade of post oak.No. 662 158 acres, on rockroad 2 miles of Okolona, Miss., 100.acres good alfalfa land, 30 acres inalfalfa, good five-room residence,three barns, deep well, all fenced.No. 665 25794 acres, all alfalfaland except 60 acres; four miles ofMacon, on Burlington Highway.Good five-room residence, with hotand cold water bath, best hay, muleand dairy barns in the prairie belt..Deep well, silo, three tenant houses,fenced and cross fenced, 15 acres ofgrowing alfalfa. Fine neighborhood.DELTA LAND CO.,"EEALTORS,"Memphis, Tennessee,501-3 Exchange Building.(4-lt)morning. The funeral will takeplace from the train, with servicesheld at the grave in the Paris Cemeter, conducted by Rev. George H.Harris, of Versailles, former rector ofSt. Peters'. Episcopal church, in thiscity.The pall-bearers will be: Jo Varden, N. Ford Brent, Hugh Brent,James McClure, Charles N. Fithianand Joseph M. Hall.RELIGIOUS.The Woman's Missionary Societyof the Methodist church will observe this week as a week of prayer,beginning this (Tuesday) afternoonat 2:30 o'clock. Meetings will beheld in the church parlors. All theladies are earnestly urged to attend.The week of November 23 to 30will be observed by churches of theUnited States as "Home MissionWeek." Empliasis will be laid during the week, on the work of the denominational organizations composing the Council of Home Missions,and the slogan for the week will 'he"Make America Christian."oHURRYI SAVE PENALTY! PAYCITY TAXES TO-DAY!Pay your city taxes on or before October 31st, last day, andavoid the penalty, which willbe attached to all unpaid citytaxes on November 1st.W. W. MITCHELL,City Collector.(24oct-4t)Harris & Speakes sold at publicsale the farm of J. T. and G. C. Oder,containing 137 acres, located nearAvon, nine miles from Paris, to J.Will Bedford, of Lexington, for ?205an acie. The purchaser will begiven possession on March 1, 1920.Harris & Speakes, of Paris, soldSaturday publicly for J. W. Murray& Son, of Nicholas county, their123 acre farm on the Moorefieldpike, one mile from Carlisle, for$260.50 an acre, to Parker & Minor,of Carlisle. They also sold for thesame firm an eight-room, two-storyframe residence in Carlisle, for $6,500. Mrs. H. D. Campbell recently soldto Robin Horton, her one-storybrick bungalow, located on Hender-.son street, at a private price.Possession will be given some timethis month. Until they get intotheir new home Mr. and Mrs. Horton will occupy the Northcott property, on High street. Mr. and Mrs.Campbell will move to the Wilsonresidence, at the corner of High andNinth streets, which they recentlypurchased.Through the Paris Realty Co., ofParis, and the Westfall & Hutchings,real estate agency of Carlisle, L. T.Dillon sold to J. C. Allison, of Nicholas county, his farm of sixty acres,located on the Ruddles Mlils pike,near Paris, for 5350 an acre.Harold Roberts purchased lastweek of David Butler his farm of tenacres, with improvements, located onthe Clintonville pike, near Paris, for$10,000. Possession will be givenon March 1, 1920.oWANTED, TURKEYS.10,000 head fat turkeys. WillJ pay highest cash price day ofdelivery.Will receive from November7th to 20th. Get our pricesbefore selling.Will have branch house atMillersburg, corner Foorth andVimont.LEON RENKER & CO.-Home Phone 552fCumb. Phone 361,Opp. Hotel Windsor, Paris.(Oct31-5t)B-4 HREInsure withW.O. HINTON &SON,AgtsoSEASON FOR BURNING TOBACCOBARNS AT HAND. .BOURBON COUNTY MANFISHING CONTESTWINSA large tobacco barn on J. D.Smith's farm, on the Worthingtonplace, near Duckers, in Woodfordcounty, and tobacco grown on 12acres, owned by Thomas Ether ington, renter, burned, the origin of thefire being a mystery. A gasolineengine, "a corn planter and other implements, a buggy and a lot of seedcorn were also destroyed. The losson tobacco was $6,000, with only$2,000 insurance. The buildingwas partly insured.' While tobacco was being dried,barns of J. B. McClelland and Brazzell and Page, near Clinton, Ky.,were destroyed, together with theircrops.oFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanThe Ushing contest inauguratedfor year 1919 by Bourne & Bond,sporting goods dealers of Louisville,came to a close Saturday. Elisha D.("Shy") Brown, of Hutchison, thiscounty, was successful in winningthe gold watch fob offered as a prizefor catching the largest bass duringthe year. His fish weighed sixpounds and nine ounces.Brown had been noted for manyyears as an expert fisherman, andhas been winner in other contestsheld under the auspices of the avobenained firm. His father, the lateRichard M. ("Uncle Dick") Brown,was, in his time, one of the mostnoted fishermen, in the State. He wasfor several terms County Clerk ofBourbon, and one of the county'spioneer citizens.FALL SEEDSBest quality Northern GrownRosen Seed Rye, Less quantity per acre. Yields more thanany other variety. Also havehighest quality Seed Wheat andTimothy Seed.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURTLARGE DOCKETHASRESOLUTION!A Resolution Authorizing the Paris Home Telephone & TelegraphCompany to Continue in Effect for a Period of One Year After December1, 1919, the same schedule of rates Por Telephones Within the City ofParis, as Established by the United States Telegraph & TeleDhone Administration. WHEREAS, because of war conditions the United States Telegraph& Telephone Administation authorized the Paris Home Telephone &Telegraph Company to increase its rates, effective May 1, 1919, untilDecember 1, 1919, to the prices hereinafter set out, and,WHEREAS, it is apparent that the same conditions requiring anincrease in rates will exist after December 1, 1919, in order to enablesaid Telephone & TelegTaph Company to meet increased cost of labor,material and other expenses necessary to enable said company to furnishadequate telephone service to its subscribers in the City of Paris,THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Council of theCity of Paris that Section VI of a franchise granted to said TelephoneTelegTaph Company by the City of Paris on January 23, 1908, be andthe same is modified so as to permit said Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Company to charge and collect the following rates for servicesrendered for a period of one year from and after December 1, 1919,to-wit: ..-.PARIS EXCHANGE.Main Line Business ".. $3.50 per month-Two-party Line Business $3.00 per monthMain Line Residence $2.00 per monthTwo-party Line Residence $L75 per monthFour-party line Residence $1.50 per monthBusiness Extension $1.00 per monthHesidence Extension 50 per monthExtension Bells 25 per month-IE IT PURTHER EESOLV0ED,.that this resolution shair-be in fulllorce and effect from and after its passage and publication as requiredy-law. ; j iyf Iff. E. B. JANUARY, Mayor.JLttt:' .:4-- v '-." -- s -- -- Z.XJ. 2IATpEN;-Citycierk.' - '- ! " r-sV -,- ' . V-,tc -? . r$.r :vjteCircuit Clerk Wm. H. Webb is anticipating a busy time at the coming term of Bourbon Circuit Court.J which will convene on Monday, November 10, for a three-weeks' session. The time for filing suits to beheard at this term of Court closedlast Friday.The docket, as made up, comprises433 cases, classified as follows: Oldequity cases, 264; equity appearances, 51; old ordinary, 59; ordinary appearances, 31; commonwealth cases, 38.oNEWSPAPER CHANGES.James Tilton, formerly news editor of the Carlisle Mercury, has become associated with the BrysonReal Estate Agency, of Carlisle.Grimes Caywood, who was formerlyassociated with the Mercury, has accepted the porision made vacant bythe resignation of Tilton.3ttf- INOVEMBER COURT DAYNovember Court day found thestreets well-filled yesterday with acrowd bent upon one thing, apparently, and that one thing was inconvincing the other fellow that hiscandidates in the State electionwould be defeated to-day by a largemajority. There was but little stockon the market, and good prices ruledfor these. Several horses changedowners on the mini in. snnara 0 n,-,.prices, while at the stock yards busmess was orisk in the livestock line.Shoppers for winter goods filled thestores, and merchants report a satisfactory business, especially in theline of winter apparel and kindredthings. With the credit system coming closer and closer to the thirtyand sixty-day payment .plans, collections were very fair all along theline. Political speaking at. thecourt house by Hon. Harry V McChesney, Claude M. vThomas and At-Storney Maury Kenipef attractedlarge numbers of farmers." MfflWll?i'ainet tha saves miles of stepsStop needless wasteof time and strengthPause in the midst of your daily toil and bin with the patented shaker flour sifter, itsthink of the needless steps you take ; of the time larger bins and drawers, its removable rollyou waste. Then come and see the kitchen cabinet that has been so scientifically arrangedthat almost an entire meal can be preparedwithout leaving your stool.Note the many conveniences exclusivelyHoosier its 20 per cent, oversize table topdoors, and other work-reducing features.Then end drudgery by installing a Hoosierin your kitchen. Your money all back if youare not delighted !Several models to select from. Moderate-(porceliron or aluminum), its celebrated flour ly priced. Terms that are convenient.. .'A. F. WHEELER FURNITURE CO.Main StreetCHAS. GREEN, Manager.Opposite Court HouseExceptionally Good ValuesIn Men's and Young Men's Clothes$40.00$4250$45.00wE'VE made special efforts to get togethera splendid line of suits at these prices.There's no shortage in this showing, aswe bought far in advance of the seasonand find it of- great advantage to have thisshowing for our customers.These suits are highly tailored, of all woolfebrics, backed by a guarantee of good serviceto the wearers.Conservative dressers can be pleased inselecting their clothes here, while the youngmen will find their tastes suited in the riot ofstyles shown.Double and single breasted coats in waistseams are style leaders other good modelsshown, too. Plain colors and fancy mixtureshelp to make this a classy showing of suits.You can count on the values backed bythe Walsh guarantee of satisfaction.$40.00$42$45.00iS. cCopyright. 1919. 'A. B. XfrMAltttt CfiflWWR P. WALSH7th and MainOne-Price StoreParis, Ky.1n.--X. -i-sv.V hV. . i' i-j.ai J--",-yvsaKt . J& V- JrL...w, -Vf ,.r.. --sr--' St ."" -:ic..,''3i Z f X'lvh--?- a--' i. v-4' If- ! .. , - "isnTsre -tz- f-iTt -r. iTUESDAY, .NOVEMBER 4, 1919i- -THE' BOTOBOlf H1WS, - JAMS, KETnKTT ''it31j5j.rFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEFRESH OYSTERS.vresh Baltimore oysters, stewingand frying size, received fresh everyHOSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.C. P. COOK & CO.pnx SUPPER REALIZES SUM TOR50 ORPHANS HOME.The sum of $96 was realized fortne Kentucky Orphans' Home at0Uisville at a box supper given inthe Antioch church by the pupils ofAe Dudley School, near Hutchison,;iiss Elizabeth Darnell, teacher.SCORELESS FOOTBALL GAME.The football teams of the Parisi-h and Carlisle High schoolsSlaved a scoreless game on WrightField, near this city Friday afterjoon' Due to the soaked conditionof the playing field from the heavyiains neither team could make, iiich headway, and the ball was inite center of the field most of thetime.IXCTURE COURSES FOR TEACH-ERS.County School Superintendent J.B Cavwood wants ten teachers-andviudents, or more, to enter a classfor correspondence and lectureiourses, to be held each Saturday atho nrmrt house, in this city, by annstructor from the Eastern Kentucky State Normal School, at Rich-t ond.oOBSERVE ARROR DAY.rbor Day was observed by theiiembers of the North MiddletownRoman's Club, by planting trees inhe church yard. These trees werededicated to the three North Middletown boys who gave their lives inna world war. Two of these, ElginDalzell and Robert Rice, are buriedat North Middletown, while thethird, Strother Prewitt, rests in thesoil of the Flanders battlefield.ATTENTION, FARMERS!We are prepared to furnish youwith hog houses, cattle troughs,sheep troughs, etc., on short notice.We are also well supplied with allkinds of lumber necessary for theprotection of stock from the winterweather. It pays to take care of livestock, and winter is here. Roofsshould be repaired, "buildings shouldhe stripped and other openingsclosed.BOURBON LUMBER CO.(4-lt)2TNED FOR DRIVING OVER"CLOSED" BRIDGE.Contrary to orders issued by theCounty Road Supervisor, forbiddingtraffic over a portion of the NorthMiddletown pike and a bridge underconstruction, H. T. Merriman drovehis machine over the road and thebridge. .Merriman, when arraigned inCounty Court on the charge beforeJudge George ,Batterton, entered aplea of guilty and was assessed aline of ?22.50.o-notice rro VOTERS.At the election to-day there willbe at least four ballots to handle.This will entail a great deal of extra labor on the officers of election.It is believed, however, that everyvote can be recorded provided thevoters go to the polls early and bepatient until their turns come. Thiswill give the clerks of election asteady flow of work during the day.It is requested therefore that everyvoter do a patriotic duty and help toexpedite the polling of the vote today. oA FEW BARGAINS IN BARGAINS.READ OVER THESE PRICESGood canned corn, per can 15c.White Salmon, 20 cents.Small cans Tomato Puree, 3 for 25cents.Telephone Pears, per can, 15 cents.All kinds best canned soups, 10cents.Potatoes, per peck, 60 cents.Sweet Potatoes, per pound, 5 cents.Come to the Red Front Grocery,opposite the court house and reducethe high cost of living. ....I make one delivery a day.Home Phone 201.Cumberland Phone 633.(4-2t) MRS. ELLIS' GROCERY.DEMOCRATIC SPEAKING AT THECOURT HOUSE YESTERDAYThe Democratic campaign in Bourbon county came to an end yesterdayafternoon when Harry V. McChesney, of Frankfort, Claude M. Thomas, of Paris, and Maury Kemper, ofLexington, addressed the voters ofthe county in the interest of theDemocratic nominees for StateThere was a large crowd in attendance, being greatly augmented'by the presence of 'large number offarmers, who were in the city attending ' November court. Thespeakers paid their respects in eloquent terms to the personnel of theDemocratic ticket, from first to last,and compared the records of the twoparties' and their candidates. Theypaid tributes to Governor Black andpredicted tiie continuation In powerof the Democratic party by the election of its candidates. The speakerswere greeted with frequent outoutbursts of applause as some tellingcWntwas launched into 'the defenseso"f "the opposing party and its candi-jdate. ,Mrs. Watson W. Judy is visitingrelatives in Arkansas City, Kansas.Mrs. Harry Simon, of Lexingtonand Paris, is in New York City fora few days' stay.Mr. and Mrs. Wolford Ewalthave returned from a visit to relatives in Cynthiana.Mrs. R. S. Starks has returnedto his home in Midway, after a Tisitto relatives in this city.R, C. Ruggles, of the RugglesMotor Co., is very ill at his home,threatened with typhoid fever.Mrs. John A. Bower will behostess to the Friday Bridge Clubat her home on Cypress street.Miss Edna Huffman has returned to her home in Covington, after avisit to relatives and friends inParis.Mrs. Wm. Oakley and daughter,Miss Bessie Oakley and Miss VellaMastin have returned from a visit torelatives in Cincinnati.Mrs. Wm. K. Griffin is visitingfriends in Houston, Texas. In herabsence her mother, Mrs. Morehead,will visit relatives in Earlington.Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Bucknerentertained the members of theCountry Bridge Club, Friday night,at their home on the Cane Ridgepike, near Paris.Witheis Davis left Sunday for abusiness trip to New York City. Hewill spend several days in the metropolis making purchases of stocks forJ. W. Davis & Co.Mr. and Mrs. Boone Baldwin,Misses Hettie, Lena and Sallie Whaley and H. C. Whaley have returnedfrom a visit to. Mr. and Mrs. HoffmanWood, in Mt. Sterling.Miss Elizabeth Grimes, of Paris,newly-elected Treasurer of the Kentucky D. A. R., attended a luncheongiven in Lexington, Friday evening,in honor -of the officers and delegates.The meeting of the YoungWomen's Bridge Club, scheduled forto-morrow, has been postponed. Themembers of the club will devote theday to the Red Cross Roll Call canvass. The "Shriners' Notes" in theLexington Herald has the following:"Clay Sutherland, of Paris, is a hotfavorite for the place of representative to the Lupind Council, at Portland." Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Fergusonand family have moved to Parisfrom Nicholasville, to reside. Mr.Ferguson is employed in the serviceof the Louisville & Nashville at thispoint.Miss Elizabeth Embry entertained at cards Friday evening incompliment to Miss Pendleton, ofVirginia, who is a guest of hercousin, Mrs. William B. Ardery,near Paris.Mrs. George M. Hill has returned from a visit to Mr. and Mrs.Wallace Hill, in Covington. Shewas accompanied home by Mrs. Hilland babe, who will be her guests forseveral days.At the election of officers of theState Convention of the Daughters ofAmerican Revolution, held in Lexington, Miss .aiizaDeui UTimes, uithis city, was elected to the office ofTreasurer, succeeding Miss NannieLewis, of Bardstown.Mr. and Mrs. James DuncanBell entertained at their home onHigh street, with a dinner-bridge, incompliment to Miss Pendleton, ofVirginia, and Mr. Charles Richardson, of Somerset, guests of Mr. andMrs. Wm. B. Ardery.Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Alverson, ofParis, attended the wedding of MissArtemisa Ripy and Mr. Lester Gainesat Lawrenceburg last week. Theceremony was performed by Rev.Carl Agee, formerly pastor of theChristian church at Little Rock, thiscounty.Mrs. Alice French, NationalWar Mother, has returned to herhome in Indianapolis, Ind., after avisit to Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft, in thiscity. Mrs. French and Mrs. MarvinLewis, the latter of Louisville, wereguests of honor at a luncheon givenat the Country Club, near Lexington, by Miss Mary Fithian Hutcn-craft.Virginia and Mary Bosworth,little daughters ot Mr. ana mi a.Powell Bosworth, of Lexington, entertained about forty of their youngfriends with a Hallowe'en party atthe home of their parents in Lexington". Miss Margaret Griffith, ofParis, aunt "of the small hosts, impersonated an old witch who toldfortunes.Miss Maigaret McConathy, ofLexington, well-known here, who isthe fortunate possessor of a facilepen, has had a sketch of John Fox,Jr., as she knew him, accepted by aNashville paper. Miss McConathytells many pleasant personal experiences of the noted writer, whosepassing was a distinct loss to thewoild of letters.The last assembly evening ofthe Lexington Country Club wasmade memorable Friday evening bya Hallowe'en party, dance and burfet supper, at which about one hundred and twenty-five guests werepresent. Mrs. James W. Thompson,of near Paris, was a member of thecommittee on arrangements. Theclub house was beautifully decoratedfor the occasion.Mrs. Walter Henderson Shropshire entertained the Rural BridgeClub at her home, "Valley Forge,"near Paris. The especially invitedguests were Mesdames Will G. McClintock, Charles May, Carley Wilmoth, Nellie Highland, John A.Bower, Ollie Marshall, Warren Kogers, Thompson H. Tarr, Alice Ware,Isaac Haley, James Lydick and MissHelen Hutchcraft.Among the social entertainmentsof the past week was the luncheonbridge given by Mrs. Edward Tuckerat her home on High street. Mrs.Tucker was -assisted by Mrs. BrinchMeinertz, Mrs. J. W. Baebn andMiss Elizabeth Swearengin. Mrs.William Shire was awarded the prize,an emproidered towel for makingi, . i,icrhAiat flpire. Mrs. J. StuartRoberta -winming the second proe, afelt kettle holder. Miss Clara Bvacondrew the consolation prize, a Hallowe'en hearth broom.Mrs. Gilbert Lyxle, who has beenseriously ill, Js improving.Mrs. Mollie Kash, of Winchester, is visiting friends in this city.Mr. and Mrs. Bailey Berry havegone to French Lick Springs, whereMrss. Berry will remain about threeweeks.Mrs. Fanniebelle Sutherland entertained at her home on South Mainstreet last week with a family dinner party in honor of Mrs. AliceSutherland, of Winchester.Miss Louise Connell, of Paris, aP. H. S. graduate, now a student atthe University of Kentucky, in Lexington, was given the prize for themost clever individual act at theamateur performances of studentsseeking membership in "The Strollers," Friday. Miss Connell is adaughter of Mr. and Mrs. John J.Connell.Mrs. Julian Frank entertainedwith an "At Home" reception at herresidence, near Paris. On the receiving line with the hostess wereMesdames Milton C. Browning, RayTaylor, of Paris, and Louis Frankof Louisville. Assisting Mrs. Frankwere Mrs. Buckner Woodford, Mrs.Robert L-. Frank, Mrs. ClarenceKenney, Misses Ollie Butler andRachel Wiggins. Frappe was served during the afternoon by MissKatherine Wilson.Mrs. Merritt Shobe, of Salem,N. J.; who is visiting her mother,Mrs. Hannah Butler, of Vine street,was guest of honor at a bridge partygiven by Mr. and Mrs. J. StuartRoberts, at their country home,"Glen Iris," near Paris. The otherguests were Mr. and Mrs. .WalterKenney, Mrs. Thompson H. Tarr, Dr.and Mrs. C. G. Daugherty, Mr. andMrs. Duncan Bell; Misses Kate Alexander, Mayme Holladay, Ollie andT,nrine Butler, and Margaret Ferguson; Messrs. Ford Brent, WoodiordBuckner. Charlton Clay and HugnFerguson. The guest prize, an emproidered towel, was awarded toMrs. Shobe. Miss Ollie Butler wonthp. first, nrize. a handnainted tray.The second prize, a bon bon dish,was awarded to Mrs. Thompson Tarr.The gentleman's prize, a card case,ent to Woodford Buckner.(Other Personals on Page 3.)THANKSGIVING TURKEYS.We will begin receiving turkeys for the Thanksgiving market on Wednesday, NovemberSthrand will continue to receive until the latter part ofthe following week, exact dateto be announced later.Turkeys will be received atour Fourth Street place (nearfreight depot) and at our placein East Paris.Call No. 14, either phone.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(Oct31-tf)For SaleOne double-burner Wilson GasHeater, good as new. Can be seenany time atMRS. C. L. BELL'S.(tf) 1219 Main Street.LostA gold watch chain, rope design,lost on or near Main street, Saturday night. 'Liberal reward for return to THE BOURBON NEWSoffice. (It)Notice To Patrons !I have returned1 from Chicago,where I completed a special coursein optometry, and have reopened myoffice. I can be found now at Varden's drugstore.DR. WM. R. FKAJNKLIJN,(42t) Optometrist.FoundOn Main street, Sunday, one lensof rimless eye-glasses, gold nosepiece. Owner can have same by calling at this office, proving propertyand" paying charges.Pleasant Work For Women!Ladies, why work fifty-four houisa week, when you can earn moreworking three hours each day, andbe your own boss? This is yourgolden opportunity. Send fifty centsin coin for sample and particulars.MOTS BEAUTY CO., -619 Joliet Street,AAt LaSalle, Illinois.Notice to The Public!Ifyou are contemplating buyinga Piano, or Player Piano, don't failto see me before buying.We also take in exchange pianos,organs and talking machines.J H. TEMPLEMAN PIANO CO.,Lexington, Ky.t t fjpia. Representative, 918," f -- V l-lXMain Street, Cumberland -noue578. . v -'Pall Fashion Display!Introducing some of the most charming and fashionableSuits, Dresses, Waists, Coats and Millinery of the season.You can dress just as attractively as the models hereshown, but you must have the dress that become you best.The variety of styles and models in this big sale cannot bemore complete.$39.50 ,o $14M0ucVa.es $9.50 tO $129.00They represent the largest styles, including the newestand most desirable shades. All of the Simon standard.Extra Special .Tricotine and SergeDressesValues up to $50.00$29Waists$3.98 to $34.50$4.98 to $42,50 ValuesUp-to-the-minute Extra sizes. GeorgetteCrepe, Crepe de Chene.One Glance, and We Are Sure You Will Make a Quick DecisionMillinery SaleThese Fisk and Cupid Hats are of thenewest selections for fall and winter wear.We cannot sa too much for these hats, asthey are well worth talking about.$12.50and $25.00 ValuesThe Latest InFall CoatsThere is something distinctive and individual about these coats. Their colors areas pretty as the fall leaves. Silvertones,Chamelins, Velours, Oxfords.Our Sale Price$6.98 to $18.50 $29.50 to $200.00HARRY SIMON-f224-W. Main Sr.Lexington, Ky.Main StreetParis, Ky.' r luiutwwmu x w. njxvcsncvHMiff 3n-&rt:A reauWBargam harvestlor voa n oarFumfture StoreNowrsMrs. HomeloVer.:Buying our new furniture and rugs is notspend ingj7oney but IN WESTING it.New furniture and rugs in your home makeyou appreciate that home more; it gives joy toyour wife; it makes the children happy and orderly;it adds to the refinement of all.When your furniture comes from our store youwill know that it is the latest style, high in quality, strong and durable.But you will always-find our PRICES LOW.-'-- -w-"' 2.Z4Expert Piano TunerHave your piano and player-pi-'ano tuned and adjusted by a reliable;factory-experienced tuner ana repairer. JOHN B. GEIS,Cumberland" Phone 575; 91 MainStreet. With the J. H. Temple" - -vmanr-Piano "Co., of -Lexington. -(4-lt)s?rTHE J. T. HKVT0N CO.SIXTH AND MAIMih-EITHERPHONE 36 PARIS, KENTUCKYMotor Hearse Motor Invalid Coach UndortakingL""-j. .i ' v i- -r ?'.rr$ji-...J, - - wC-iCif -tC? 'jfcjA. ' r f nifiTjrfWi JMil'iL 11, 1 I "1 KMJ- uA- -'t -JSi. .TfcjWc ii -C- "CiTTUESDAY, NOVEMBER 4, lflfTHE BOTOBOH NEWS,'PA!1S, JOUITUOE.IzitriaxV-IV -- kuINFLUENZAAttacks Weak, AilingPepslnol Quickly Builds Up Strengthto Fortify You Against DiseaseARE you weak, run down, ailing? Are you nervousX and depressed? Do you suffer from stomach trouble,J. X. indigestion, dyspepsia, belching, gas, cramps? Areyou unable to sleep soundly and restfully?Leading physicians have warned the country another Influenza epidemic is coming. They have advised the American people to build up their strength. Influenza attacks theweak and ailing, as well as those who, unsuspecting, aresuffering from debility. The first thi.ig for you to do is toselect the proper medicine. This is the most importantstep. You will find there is but one which has the tonic,3trength-building, relieving qualities you need Pepsinol.The second Influenza epidemic may be worse than the first,which .?ook more than 500,000 American lives and wreckedthe lives of uncounted millions. For Influenza does morethan take life even those who recover may be left in sucha state that they would welcome death. This scourge destroys vitality, poisons the body, frequently, indeed, impairsthe mental faculties and nervous system forever.Won't you fortify yourself now against Influenza? Won'tyou enjoy the strength, the healthy nerves, the pure blood,the renewed tissues that Pepsinol so quickly brings? Won'tyou take the pleasure in life that a sound constitution giveswhen every organ is working perfectly? Just let Pepsinolhelp you. Protect yourself against disease and invalidism.Physicians and specialists recommend Pepsinol to build upstrength, vigor and vitality, to refresh and sooth irritated,tired, acjiing nerves, to rid men and women of the stomachailments that are so debilitating, to prevent insomnia.You may get the genuine Pepsinol of the authorized Pepsinol agent in your community. It is made only by ThePeplax Medicine Company, Memphis, Tenn., and is in strictaccordance with the standards of the U. S. Pharmacopoeia.Don'f accept any substitute when you want Pepsinol. Experience has proved there is nothing so good.Get Pepsinol from:People's Pharmacy, Main St., Paris, Ky,PAEMERS URGED TO RAISE'MORE HEMP.Letters urging Kentucky farmersto take an interest in hemp raisingnext year so they may receive someof the adventages of the large hempbreaking plant to be erected in Lexington were mailed out over theState, Saturday, by John R. Humphrey, head of the department ofmarkets, University of Kentucky.It is proposed in the letter that aKentucky Hemp .Growers' Association be formed and that it will bean equal partner with the mill authorities in passing upon grades offiber in case of possible dispute.The Department of markets isplanning to hold meetings withinthe next few week, within the powerTAXI - CABhempbreaking area Fayette, Clark,Bourbon, Woodford, Scott and Jessamine counties to explain the proposition thoroughly and give Mie; farmers an opportunity to sign contracts tor tne coming year.Kentucky averages about 1,000t pounds of hemp to the acre, makinga net return of between $100 and;$110.ONLY A COLD.SERVICEAre you ill? is often answeredI on! it's only a cold," as if a coldwas a matter of little consequence,but people are .beginning to learn1 that a common cold is a matter notto be trifled with, that some of themost serious diseases start with a. cold. As soon as" the first indication of a cold appears take Cham-jberlain's Cough Remedy. Remem-ber that the sooner you get rid ofyour cold the less the danger, andthis remedy will helpyou to throwIt off.I i . (adv-nov)iAUTO LIVERY CO.E. McCracken, Prop.JOHN WHITE k CO.LOUISVILLE, KY.THIRD ROLL CALL NOVEMBER2-11, 1919.Miss Mildred Collins and MissKatherine Hooe, of - Paris, wereamong the 250 representatives "ofKentucky Red Cross chapters at theState Conference of Red Cross workers in Lexington, October 21 and 22.Dr. Livingston Farrand, nationalhead of the American Red Cross andother national and divisional officialsexplained the Red Cross peacetimeprogram and urged a hearty responseto the Third Red Cross Roll Call,November 2-11.Chapter representatives at the conference will carry to every corner ofthe State the plans for future RedCross- activities as outlined by Dr.Farrand.This national peace program includes disaster and ' emergency relief, an extensive Red Cross publichealth nursing service, instructionin first aid, home hygiene and dietetics, completion of the aid to exservice men and the extension ofhome service to families of civiliansas well, organization for communitybetterment and the enlistment ofchildren in the Junior Red Cross."Kentucky's work in the RedCross up to this time has ranked veryhigh in the Lake Division," headquarters officials told Misses Collinsand Hooe. "It is a matter of pridethat our peacetime work shouldmaintain the same high standard inthe future."Three hundred thousand dollarmembership is the quota set for Kentucky in the Third Red Cross RollCall.COLD INJUST A FEW HOURS"Pape's Cold Compound" InstantlyRelieves Stuffiness andDistress.'.! JLibera! assortmentand full valuefarpaftfRedmon Motor Car CompanyNight Call 760FURSHitfaa andCaat Una' (nov4-13v)Trees! Trees!PLAINT NOWFruit and Shade TreesBlooming ShrubsGrape VinesEvergreensPerennialsRhubarbHedge- ' Etc.Free Illustrated Catlog.No Agents.H.F-Hillenmeyer&SonsLexington, Ky.(till-decl)MARGOLEN'SBIG SPECIALSFor This Week10-pound bucket PureLard for $3.00Pure Pork Sausage3pounds for $1.00JPork Chops 35cBest Cuts Steaks 35cHqast 25c;; Spring Lamb.Hindquarters ? 35c? Frontquarters .. 30cAetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFire. TheftCollisionProperty DamageLiability- And OtherCasualtiesDon't stay stuff ed-up! Quit blowing and sniffling! A dose of "Uape'sCold Compound" taken every twohours until three doses are takenusually breaks up a severe cold andends all grippe misery.The very first 'dose opens yourclogged-up nostrils and the air passages of the head; stops the noserunning; relieves the headache,dullness, feverishness, sneezing,soreness and stiffness."Pape Cold Compound" is thequickest, surest relief known andcosts only a, few cents at drug stores.It acts without assistance, tastesnice, contains no quinine. Insistupon Pape's! (adv)oIvory Mats.There are but three mats of Ivoryla existence. The largest one measures 8 by 4 feet; and, although madeIn the north of India, has a Greek design for a border. It Is used only onstate occasjonsj like th signing of Important "state documents. The cost ofthis precious mat was almost incalculable, for more than 6,400 pounds ofpure Ivory were used In Its construction. Only the finest and most flexible strips of the material could beused and the mat is like the finest woven fabric.mm mmmmmmmm&S' ! ...j&L&Zym ajmmmmmmmmmmmWLS!A-immmmmmmmmmmmWmmfriOm-CAMELS supply cigarette contentment beyond anythingyou ever experienced ! You never tasted such fullbodied mellow-mildness ; such refreshing, appetizingflavor and coolness. . The more Camels you smoke thegreater becomes your delight Camels are such a cigarette revelation !Everything about Camels you find so fascinating is due totheir quality to the expert blend of choice Turkish andchoice Domestic tobaccos.You'll say Camels are in a class by themselves they seemmade to meet your own personal taste in so many ways !Freedom from any unpleasant cigaretty after-taste or unpleasant cigaretty odor makes Camels particularly desirableto the most fastidious smokers. And, you smoke Camels asliberally as meets your own wishes, for they never tire yourtaste ! You are always keen for thecigarette satisfaction that makesCamels so attractive. Smokers realize that the value is in the cigarettesand do not expect premiums or coupons !Compare Camels with any cigarette in the world at any price ICamels are sold e.veryn'hrre in scientificallysealed packages of 20 cigarettes or ten pack'ages (.200 cigarettes) in i glassmp-paper-coveredccrton. We strongly recommendthiit carton for the home or office supplyor when you travel.R.J.REYNOLBS TOBACCO COMPANYWinston-Salem, N- C.Cif3r'V:rwr- r'it- ,.. , .- -S.I '..1 . -V--THIS MEAHS YOTI.A. J. FEEAGENTonC lgss'CxsSvVJlg'- )iSouthern Optical Co.IncorporatedIMRGOLEN'Sr 'Stiitary Meat MarketManufacturers of Perfect-FittingSPECTACLES ANDEYE GLASSESKrjptokt Artificial EjetInvisible Bifocal Leni4th & Chestnut Sts.,LOUISVILLE, KY.When you get up with a bad tastein your mouth, a dull, tired feeling,no relish for food and are constipated, you may know that you need adose of Chamberlain's Tablets. Theynot only cause an agreeable movement of the bowels, but cleanse andinvigorate the stomach and improvethe digestion.(adv-nov)o"Out of the Mouths of Babes."Willie, to talkative caller"Well,now that you've come, I suppose I shallhave to go for the doctor." TalkativeCaller "Why, Willie?" Willie "Father says you always make him 111 l"BMGHTEKC:jVy"-.' -r x i""JiNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.useOlectricitifor CidbtingIt's the only satisfactory way.use SetsTor gating and CookingIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix You UpFor the Use of BothElectricity and Gas.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorcfttai) .Goethe Memorial at Wetmar.The genius of Goethe and Schillercharacterize Weimar in many formsof civic beauty. Goethe, some yearsbefore his death, laid out a large public park In the form of a garden andwithout an enclosure of any kin&There a quaint relic of its originatorremains In (the stone altar round whicha serpent climbs to eat the votlv?bread. Upon the altar is an lnscrlption to the "genius hujas loci."ff tfft-"- iV-JAMES WATSON SAYS, "I'LL NEVER FORGET WHEN FATHER'S HOGS GOTCHOLERA"One morning he found 20 hogsdead and several sick. He called inthe Vet, who after dissecting a ratcaught on the premises, decided thatthe rodents had conveyed germs.Since then I am never without RATSNAP. It's the surest, quickest ratdestroyer I know." Three sizes, 25c,50c, ?1.50. Sold and guaranteed byThe Farmers' Supply Co., Paris, Ky.(adv-nov)The most valuable pearls areround. Next come the pear-shaped,and lastly the egg-shaped.HENDRICKS"THE SCREEN MAN"All Metal Window Screensand Weather StripsHIGGINS MANUFACTURING CO.MAKERS OFWINDOW EQUIPMENTMR. P. LaDUKE, FAELMER, SAYS,"YOU BET RATS CAN BITETHROUGH METAL.""I had feed bins lined with zinclast year, rats got through, prettysoon. Was out $18. A $1 packageof RAT-SNAP killed so many ratsthat I've never been without itsince. Our Collie dog never touchedRAT-SNAP." You try it. Threesizes, 25c, 50c, $1.00. Sold andguaranteed by The Farmers' SupplyCo., Paris, Ky.(adv-nov)SPECIALSHOWINGOF- SuitsCoatsDressesShoesSkirtsWaistsN ETC., ETC.TWIN BROS.Department Store7th and Main Paris. KyWhen you think of Window Screens and WeatherStrips, think of HENDRICKS.When you think of Hendricks, think of WINDOWSCREENS and WEATHER STRIPS.His Name is T. A: HENDRICKSand he lives1 and has offices at264 Rand Ave, Lexington, Ky.Telephone 25S5A card simply addressedto "Hendricks, the ScreenMan," will reach him, as he is the best known screenman in Kentucky.Ninety-eight per cent, of the screens in Bourboncounty are Higgins Manufacturing Company make.Higgins Metal Screens and Strips are recognized asthe best by all good architects.GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor Equipment -BOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.123A MAN AND HIS WIFE$ may both derive saiisfactionj by having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings ua.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40Home Phone 169J-&zV. --v.rafr"-T- J- vs. Jti --- V--3 s1v . --J)f TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 4, 1919BOTTBBOH HEWS, PARIS, KEHTtTCKTpactwr,u:if -$.J"When Grandma cornea ijMBBSWMJpthe Dirt Mutt Fly", 4J-3(StSTRrPPINO OF TOBACCO IN PULLTobacco handlers throughout thecounty are now engaged in strippingtheir crops, and the present croppromises to be an excellent one incondition. There is some danger,hawever, that the continued dampweather may "darken some of thelight tobacco, hutit is not thoughtthe discoloration will cause any serious damage.Although the condition of, thisyear's Burley crop is not any betterthan last year's, it is said to beequally as good and the growers arehoping for even better prices fortheir tobacco than was received lastseason. The high market in NorthCarolina, where tobacco is sellingseveral cents higher than last winter, is eaken as an indication thatthe prices here this season will beunprecendented. The warehouses inthis city are making preparationsfor receiving a large quantity of theweed for the opening sales, whichwill probably be held about December 2.Powdered Soap WashesYour Lace Curtains BeautifullyIt's the Suds That Do ItJust a tablespoon of Grandma's PowderedSoap in the water then millions of foamingsuds. Suds that make the dirt slip out ofevery hiding place.Almost no rubbing with Grandma'sPowdered Soap. It is the finest cake soappowdered that is the secret of the lovelycleansing suds. No waste goes further.Cheaper to use. Takes the place of T)oth barsoap and washing powder. Don't wait untiltomorrow buy your package today. LetGrandma be your washwoman next wash day.You will never want anyone else.,taVfjSM-jL JrJM.BtfflnulIXSa mami.mlwSJjjpfltmSB'KZEBSyjHBBrand masPowdered SOAPTni This Powdered SoapTodatj"Your Grocer Has litThe Clobe. Soap Company, Oncinnatl - -- -and JfODD FELLOWS $500,000 ENDOWMENT FUND. DRtVE.The Grand Lodge of Kentucky, Independent Order of Odd Fellows, atits recent 'session in Louisville, inarranging to complete the $500,000endowment fund drive, appointedBeckham Overstreet, Past GrandMaster, also of Louisville, and J.Whitt Potter, Past Grand Master, ofBowling Green, a committee on arrangements for the campaign.This committee will hold its firstmeeting in the near future and atthat time plans will be made for avigorous campaign for the fund.W. G. Duncan, of Greenville, Ky.,Past Grand Master of Odd Fellows,made the proposition to the GrandLodge to give ? 5,0 00 to the endowment fund, provided the Odd Fellows of Kentucky raised $45,000 additional in the next three years.oBREAKING OCTOBER RECORDS.The present October has broken allrecords for temperature and precipitation. There may have been anOctober without a biting frost up tothe 28th, but "the oldest inhabitant"hansn't come forward to prove it tous. We do not call to mind an October with so much rain as we havehad the present month.oCamouflage in Reverse.Reversal of the Camouflage principle,greatly increasing the visibility of itssubjects instead of concealing themby blending them with the background,is declared a possible peace development by the mn nl officer who developed that particular nature-faking system. Since every positive has its negative, color applications opposite tothose used for confusing tiie eye arehHnr studied for a possible standardized system of making distant objectsconspicuous. ropuiar juecuumi-a uu.razlne.THE UNIVERSAL CAR.inThe Ford Runabout 13 a Runaboutreality a regular business messenger, solvingthe question of economical and quick transportation. The Contractor, Builder, TravelingSalesman, Collector, Solicitor, all find the FordRunabout the most convenient as well as themost economical among motor cars. Durablein service, and useful every day in the year.We solicit your order for one or more. We askyour patronage in the repair of your car, assuring you of genuine Ford Parts, skilled workmen,reasonable prices.Ruggles Motor Co.Bank Row, Paris, Ky.'V aXlIXIIXIXIXIXBourbon Laundry!DAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4West Fifh StreetXX382)CROSS PEACECAMPAIGN.PROGRAMThere has heen much said aboutthe splendid work of the AmericanRed Cross both, in peace and in wartimes, and even louder than thespoken and written words speaks themarvelous service which, it has doneBeginning1 November 2, and continuing throughout the week thepeople of the United States are askedto support a peace program whichwill continue the work on an enlarged scale. To each, person ismade the appeal if you believe inthe work of the organization andare willing to continue it, expressyour willingness by wearing a 1920membership button.Of the Red Cross band it does nottakeGreat wealth to be a part;It does not take great rank or power,Just a dollar and a heart.CECIE JACKSON SEA.i .M . .., ..llll l tlltlltM"t"t"'"M"1RIVERSTEAMER BURNSFRANKFORT.ATThe steamer Sea Lion was totallydestroyed by fire Tuesday morningwhile en route to Frankfort withthree barges of coal. The steamerwas valued at $20,000, with $10,000 insurance. The United Statessnag boat Gregory, which was atlock No. 12, was rushed to the scene,but arrived too late to be of assistance to the members of tEe crew, allof whom escaped without injury.The barges were cut loose from thesteamer and saved.oDON'T DELAY.Words That Mean Much.The sonorous opening of Lincoln'sGettysburg speech, "Four score andseven years ago," is not equivalent toeighty-seven years ago! Prose hathher harmonies, no less than poetry. Itis such subtleties that make up thefull effect of literary expression."Victuals" Is not equivalent to "food,""deathlessness" is not the same as"immortality" as Lowell showedwhen he suggested that we try converting Wordsworth's title, intimations of Immortality" into "Hints of, Deathlessness." North American Review.Some Paris People Have LearnedThat Neglect Is DangerousSTOMACH 0. K.i Indigestion, Acidity, Sournessand Gases ended with"Pape's Diapepsin"Millions of people know that it isneedless to be bothered with indigestion, dyspepsia or a disorderedstomach. A few tablets of Pape'sDiapepsin neutralize acidity and giverelief at once.When your meals don't fit and youfeel uncomfortable, when you belchgases, acids or raise sour, undigested food. When you feel lumpsof indigestion pain, heartburn orheadache, from acidity, just eat atablet of Pape's Diapepsin and thestomach distress is gone.The cost is so little. The benefitsso great. You, too, will be a Diapepsin enthusiast afterwards, (adv)The slightest symptom of kidneytrouble is far too serious to be overlooked. It's the small, neglectedtroubles that so often lead to seriouskidney ailments. That pain in the"small" of your back; that urinaryirregularity; those headaches anddizzy spells; that weak, weary, worn-f i out feeling, may be nature's warningof kidney weakness. Why risk yourlife by neglecting these symptoms?Reach the cause of tbe trouble whilethere is yet time begin treatingyour kidneys "at once with a triedand proven Kidney" remedy. Noneed to experiment Doan's KidneyPills have been successfully used inthousands of cases of kidney troublefor over 50 years. Doan's KidneyPills are used and recommendedthroughout the civilized world. Endorsed at home. Read Paris testimony. Mrs. A. L. Burley, 326 EighthStreet, says: "I have used Doan'sKidney Pills, getting them from theArdery Drug Co., and from the benefit I received, I certainly thinkthey are a good, reliable remedy.Whenever my kidneys have acted irregularly or my back has been weakhd lame, I have used a box or soof Doan's Kidney Pills. They havealways relieved me of the complaint."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Burley had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)ED00MAKESICOMPL1t : iScientists have demonstrated thatnearly fifty per cent, of our bodilyills result from mental worries.The escapement wheel of a watchmakes 781,800 revolutions everytwelve months.WOOD, STUBBS & COMPANY7fo CUMULATIVE PREFERRED STOCKPreferred as to assets and dividends. Annual Sinking Fund payments of10 of net earnings will be used to pnrchase Preferred Stock at not over110 and accrued dividend.Net earnings for past three years have averaged over four time dividendrequirements on this stock.Net quick assets equal $131 per share on all Preferred Stock, and total netwssts equal $259 per share.PRICE lOO. Special Circular on RaquwtJAMES C WILLSON & CO.210 S. Fifth Street, - LOUISVILLE, KY.Wholesome Complexion the Prideand Glory of Healthy Menand WomenThere is more Catarrh in this section of the country than all otherdiseases put together, and for yearsit was supposed to be incurable.Catarrh is a local disease, greatlyinfluenced by constitutional treatment. Hall's Catarrh. Medicine,manufactured by F. J. Cheney &Co., Toledo, Ohio, is a constitutionalremedy, is taken internally and actsthrough the blood on the mucoussurfaces of the system. One Hundred Dollars reward is offered forany case that Hall's Catarrh Medicine fails to cure. Send for circulars and testimonials.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by Druggists, 75c.Hall Family Pills for constipation.(adv-nov)oPassed Up Tempting Offer.William Ewart Gladstone, the greatstatesman, refused tens of thousandsof pounds offered to him. for articlesby publishers. It is said that an American magazine proprietor once sent hima blank check and told him to fill itup for any amount he pleased so longas he sent him 2,050 words for his magazine. Mr. Gladstone returned theletter and the check also as blank as-.-ar-rr-WV--X1r1ili mm JWmTaTi-aaaaBlir'aaaaaaaaT' PiiIIISATISFACTION iOUR WATCHWORDlWith all the latest improvements in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we areprepared to do work inferior to none, and solicityour patronage.IiiXIXIThe Bourbon Laundry. Paris, KentuckyIK!llllSMil5lglys5iiiisgsisisiisiJ!;asuggg5;5;gg38ijJ5ig;j;35psPepto-ManganBuilds Up TiredMakes Red CheeksBodies HelpsChange Pale Complexions toBloom of Healthit arrived." "t ks9J9!tSCoal Coal CoalHave You Talked WithCOLLIER BROS.About Your Winter Coal?Office Opposite Paris TobaccoWarehousei9msmwmmm32Cumberland Phone 997Home Phone 257itf"iT,t-T-tTt-rtt-i-JTiimiMgiMttMMMM ! lll IH HI I IIIMMMiA RAT THAT DIDN'T SMELL AFTER BEING DEAD FOE:''3 MONTHS.The healthy, attractive womanand man too with a wholesomecomplexion is the envy of those whofeel that, for them, such attractiveness is impossible.And yet health and attractivenessare much a matter of good, redblood and unless a man or woman isafflicted with some deep-seated or serious ailment, vigorous health, andpersonal charm are within easyreach.Pepto-Mangan is responsible forthe present health and happiness ofthousands who formerly were thin,pale, languid and easily exhausted.Pepto-Mangan helped place thesefolks in the full-blooded, energetic,vigorous class and it probably caido the same for you.Pepto-Mangan contains the elements that make rich, healthy blood.And as a result of the increasedsupply of red blood that Pepfo-Man-gan creates, the entire system attains the vigor thatJelongs to everyman and woman.Pepto-Mangan is prepared in twoforms, liquid arid,tablets. They areexactly alike in medicinal value.Ask your druggist for -iGude's"when ordering Pepto-Mangan. Lookfor the name "Gude's" on the package. v(adv)oCanadian, railways jio'w in operation extendorer 39,000 miles.. "I swear it was dead at least 3months," said James Sykes, butcher,Westfield, N. J. "We saw that ratevery day. Put- a cake of RATSNAP behind a barrel. Monthslater my wife asked me about therat. Remembered the barrel, looked behind it. There was the ratdead; not the slightest odor." Threesizes, 25c, 50c, $1.00. Sold andguaranteed by The Farmers SupplyCo., Paris, Ky.(adv-nov)Puzzle for Marines.Friends of the citizen "sea soldiers'are telling them that a marine not regularly a marine, although coached inthe signals and likely to be called uponto "pinch hit" for a regular marine,must necessarily be a submarine.The "rookies" themselves say thatNoah Webster overlooked this knottyproblem, when he wrote his best seller, and they are calling tn sports editors to decide the question.A LADY IN CHICAGO TELEGRAPHS FOB, KAT-SNB. sRead Mrs. Phillips' wire: "Youell'sExterminator Co., Westfield, N. J.Rush $3 worth of RAT-SNAP."Later received 'following letter:"RAT-SNAP" arrived. It rid ourhouse of rats ih no time. Just moved here from 'Pa., where I used RATSNAP with great results." Threesizes, 25c, .50c, $1.00. Sold andguaranteed by The Fanner's SupplyVCo., Paris, "Ky. . .- - . ,ttY-HUThe Jo To Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND EMBALMBRSParis Ky.Mainand SixthStreetsDay phone 36Nlsht i . . 56or Home 286Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to withLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes onlyur -f XLt1 1-ft- VI"iimi'T """""'"MHininniiiiimJjCSend that Next Job off Printing to TfcoBourbon News. Best Work; Right PriceswXvv' t ' s t-, .," - f-"?:Ov "" V ,.":T.jr - - u,tUESDAX, NOYEMBIR 4, 19igr ' V3S, - .'- ?' . - o. ar .f jo Bam. -"-tttt? -rH-?Ladies Absolutely7 -W-VV . s- ',iB.s(!:--rv5 V--? 'r. -;rrV' " --v : --- ji',., 4 V .. - -iT '-' -r w -. -VANIft -M.lSiJPARIS OPERA HOUSEThree DaysCommencing WednesdayNov. 5th&k;s; (v. 'if WStv''' v'i vi, ''' ; J. ltdBBfr$&Ky- ZvfS&r&S-- y v , " n ' ' ' vvv "''' 'f.lfc?x' ''"r- ' ; .' -.3Jw V :. ,;ky5' S S&t " -" , V ' ., w. "-- - "?ifmffir vi s& . ;-s ' . s .sv,.r ivrA'v 4 v" " '? ''-" rx '. '-V'WIIFREEWednesday Night OnlySee Galvani hypnotize a man inthe display window at E. M. Wheeler's Furniture Store Tuesday eveningat 7:30 o'clock, to sleep until awakened Wednesday evening during theperformance.Over Two Hours of Science,Mystery and Fun!An Entertainment that is Strictly Moral,Highly Instructive and ExtremelyEntertaining.More Fun Than a Circus! More Instructive Than a Term in College! MoneyRefunded if Not Satisfied!nParis High School AuditoriumThursday, Nov. 6, Afternoon and Evening3 and 8 p. m., America's greatest impersonatorIn Henrik Ibsen's Great Play,"A Doll's House"4md scenes from Shakespeare. Special children's program at thematinee. Prices afternoon 15 and 25c. Evening tickets 50c. Allstudents 25c. A different program matinee and night. ' 'MissiSIielsen has astonished the literary world with her impersonations.7' Nashville Tennesseean.HORTFNSEMILLERSBURG!--- -Mr. and Mrs. Jack Thaxton haveTeturned from, a visit- to relatives in-3ew York City.7 Mr. G. E. Reynolds sold hisfarm last week to Mr. F. J. Collier,of Paris, for $385 per acre.Regular meeting of Amity Lodge-20. 40, F. & A. M. to-night. Allmembers urged to be present.There was a Y. M. C. A. meetingat the opera house Sunday evening?.A good audience was in attendance.' ' Mrs. Bayles DeBell returned tolier home at Ewing, Friday, after a" several days' visit to her daughter,Mrs. R. M. Caldwell.Mr. James Hubbard and family3iave moved from Paris to the property of Mr. William Wood, recentlyvacated by Mr. Dennis McMahan andiainily.Mr. and Mrs. O. R. Rankin, Mrs."B. Ef Clarke, Master Jamas, Mrs.-X.aura B. Layson and Mr. G. E.Reynolds were in Cincinnati, Tiiurs-day and Friday.Mr. W. E. Butler, of Covington,airrlved Monday for a few days' visitto his friends in Millersubrg. Hecame to cast his ballot for the entireDemocratic ticket.-The Millersburg Military Institute football team defeated the teamof Georgetown College here Friday-afternoon by a score of 40 to 0.The game was featured by good playing of the M. M. I. fullback, Chinn,and others.James Batterton, of New YorkCily, is a guest of his aunt, Mrs.-Rlchard Grimes has returned tohis -home in Atlanta, Ga., aiter avisit to his sister, Mrs. Clark Bascom. Lieut-Col. David Bruce, of SanAntonio, Texas, and Roy Pope, ofTennessee, are guests of S. E. Bruceand family.Dr. Wilbur R. Crafts, of Wash-finston. D. C, spoke at the Methodist church Friday afternoon in theinterest of the Statewide prohibitionamendment.Mr. and Mrs. J. T. Jefferson arein Jacksonville, 111., where they wentto attend the funeral and burial ofMrs. Jefferson's aunt, Mrs. William(Stevenson, of Kansas City, Mo. -Mr. and Mrs. Vallandingham andI two children, of Barbourville, W.,Va., are guests of Mr. G. S. Allenland sisters, Mrs. Frankie Cook and'Mrs. Jean Neal.The Millersburg Red Cross capI tains and their co-workers startedthe Red Cross Roll Call drive yesterday. They expect to finish the canvass of the entire territory to-day.Mrs. A. S. Miller gave a dinnerSaturday, at which the followingwere guests: Mrs. William WalkerRice, of Lexington, Mrs. J. Thompson Weathers, Mrs. I. C. Haley, ofClintonville, and Mrs. R. M. Johnson, of Paris.Hinkston was on a rampageSaturday. The water left the banksAlamo TheatreToday, TuesdayGladysBrockwellin "THE SNEAK"AWm. Fox production. Thestory of a madcap gipsy princess. A whirlwind of action.ANTONIO MORENO' ANDCAROL HOLLOWAY in'Perils of Thunder Mountain7and Harold Lloyd Comedy"HEAP BIG CHIEF"ADMISSION ''Adults 18c plus 2c war tax 20cChildren 9c nlus lc war tax 10cAlamo TheatreTomorrow, WednesdayVirginia PearsonIN'The Bishop's Emeralds'With Sheldon Lewis, the velvet eyed lady of the screen, mthe first of the new big VirginiaPearson Photoplays. High, classsociety drama in six acts.Also LARRY SEMON COMEDY"DULL CARE"And Bray PIctographADMISSIONAdults 18c plus lc war tax.Children 9c plus lc war tax.20clfcAlamo Thursday, Nov. 6thThe Unique Love Tangle of a ManDressmaker.JLombardi, JLtd.starring BERT LYTELLThere are girls, gowns and giggles galore in thisclever METRO screen adaptation by June Mathis of thefamous comedy of modes and moods by Frederic andFanny Hatton, produced by Oliver Morosco for more thantwo year in New York and on tour. Seven sparkling reels.ii ?MMM , mm MADMISSIONAdults 27c plus 3c war tax 30cChildren 18c plus 2c war tax 2tcSaturday morning. In the earlypart of the afternoon the Maysvillepike in front of the home of Mr. A.J. Thaxton was entirely inundated.The auto bus runing between Parisand Carlisle was unable to getthrough the water on its return tripto Paris, and had to be pulled out,and go by way of the Ruddles Millsand Ardery pikes. By night alltravel was cut off south of Hinkstonbridge, Mr. Livingood and familywere forced ..to abandon their homeearly in the evening, although thewater did not reach the ground floor.The water continued to rise untilthe early morning. For severalhours it was on a stand, and beganfalling Sunday afternoon. All travelis resumed.-TJhe Sheraton jirt 7ffodeiNow On Display in Our Store."Come in and and let us show you this wonderful machine,,and hear it play. MO NEEDLES TO CHANGE.DALION MA CHINSSee this machine and hear it play.Jjhe j(uto &ileA Featuture Exclusivewith theI 'f ',' 1 Dalion Machine.-i. i-tCJsDChristmas is drawing near. Don't be disappointed ingetting your machine on time. . From the information thatwe receive from the manufacturers they will be just asscarce this year as last.Come in and make an early selection.Sirooks dc Snapp 'Drug Co. IMATRIMONIAL.I"STANHOPE WHEELER.The marriage of Miss AliceWheeler Stanhope, of Ludlow, andMr. Henry Clay Wheeler, of Bourbon county, was solemnized Saturday afternoon at 2:30 o'clock, at thehome of the bride's aunt, Mrs. F. E.Jouett, on Fourth street, in Louisville. The ceremony was performed by Ttev. H. W. Tiffany.The bride wore a dress of whiteduchess satin and georgette crepeand the regulation tulie veil, andcarried a French bouquet of Wardroses and bouvardia. On account ofthe illness of the bride's mother,Mrs. H. Owsley Stanhope, the wedding was a very quiet affair. Aftertheir wedding- journey Mr. and Mrs.Wheeler will make their, home nearParis, where thegroom is engagedin farming..IPORTER McCOUN.The marriage of Miss DazyMoore Porter, of Lexington, for?merly a member of the Paris HighSchool faculty, to Captain BullittMcCoun, will be solmenized Wednesday, November 19. The weddingwill be a quiet home affair, and theguests will be limited to a smallnumber of relatives and intimatefriends, on account of the recentdeath of the brides' mother.The following beautiful announcements have been issued:"Mr. -Joseph William Porter invites you to be present at the marriage of his daughter, Dazey Moore,to Mr. Thomas Bullitt McCoun, onWednesday, November the nineteenth, one thousand nine hundredad nineteen, at five o'clock, Lexington, Kentucky. Mr. and Mra. Thos.Bullitt McCoun will be at home after December fifteenth, the Cromwell, Frankfort, Kentucky." -New Fall BootsOf Style and Quality!Tomorrow (Saturday) we offer new arrivals of the very newest advanced Fall Models, representing a great assortment of highest quality footwear, at prices made possible only by our value-giving economy store.You'll Be Greatly BenefittedBy Buying Your New Shoes Here!Our large assortmentof variety and stylesassures you completesatisfaction atfeA Yy Kssssjfc.yECONOMYPRICES1 YM 1 1 fI' n iV Vi f-i - t)' '.M: S hSPECIAL OFFERINGof Ladies' Beautiful Mahogany Tan English Lace Boots, also GlazedKid in Black English and High Heels, valuss up to $8.50, Special . -. .$5.95Ladies' Beautiful Tall $6.50 values, Boots in Tan and Black Kid.High and. Low HeelsSpecial $4.99Ladies' New Fall Boots in GrayKid, Gun Metal, English Style,$6.00 GradesSpecial $3.99Ladies' and Growing Girls' $5.00Gun Metal English BootsSpecial $3.49Buy Your School Shoes Now. Wc Can SaveYou Bis Money.Misses' and Children's $3.50 GunMetal ShoesSpecial $2.49Misses $4.00 Tan and "Gun MefaTjLace BootsSpecial $2.99Misses and Children's $3.00 GunMetal ShoesSpeciall$1.99Men's $5.50 Gun Metal Englishand Medium Toe ShoesSpecial $3.99Men's $4.00 extra good Tan andBlack Work ShoesSpecial $2.99Best Boy's Dress and SchoolShoes, $5.00 GradesSpecial $3.49- The 'most .valuahle pearl-areround. Ttfext come the -pearBhaped,u. "11.,DAN COHENWhere Beauty and Economy ReigaParis' Greatest Shoe StoreY -fand-lastly the egg-shaped. , r., r3Tw "" V '' ' Z-s- -f -vj" ,, -i ,tr.- vv., , "" j-It