8oT"LTHE BOURBON NEWSrPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR."STVOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JUNE 20, 1919'vU Jr.VPABIS PEOPLE HGUBE IN AUTOMOBILE ACCIDENT.An automobile accident, whichcame near resulting fatally to one ofthe victims and caused three othersto receive severe bruises, occurred onthe Winchester pike near this city,about 11:30 o'clock, Wednesdaynight.Miss Carolyn Roseberry, daughterof Mr. John Roseberry, of near Parisin company with Mr. M. Crommelin'landscape artist at the Xalapa Farmof Mr. Edward vSimms, near Pariswere returning in Miss Roseberry'scar from Boonesboro, where they hadbeen for a short visit.When near the farm of Mr. JohnWoodford, on the Winchester pike,about three miles from Paris, theyovertook a car occupied by Mr.' Russell Roberts, of the Roberts GarageMr. Ussery Wilder, son of Mr. andMrs. George Wilder, of Paris, andMiss Juilet Turner, daughter of Mrs.Edward Turner, of Paris. The caroccupied by the latter had been putout of commission by a wet coil,caused by the heavy rains, and Mr!Roberts had been to a nearby telephone to ask his brother to send outanother machine to bring them toParis.Miss Roseberry and Mr. Crommelintook the young people in their carand started on the homeward trip toParis. In rounding a sharp curve,Mr. Crommelin, who was driving theRoseberry car, lost control of the bigmachine, which skidded on the wetsurface of the pike, and turned overthree times, throwing the occupantsout. In a few moments Mr. EugeneRoberts arrived from Paris andbrought the injured people in his carto the Massie Memorial Hsopital,where Drs. Kenney, Daugherty andTJssery were summoned.At first it was thought that all theoccupants of the car had been seriously injured, but it later developedafter an examination at the Hospitalthat young Wilder had sustained aconcussion of the brain and severebruises about the face and body.Misses Roseberry and Turner hadscalp wounds and young Robertsscalp wounds and his back badlywrenched. At a late hour last nightit was stated at the Hospital thatyoung Wilder had regained consciousness and that his physicianshad hopes for his recovery. The otheVinjured were removed to their homes.Mr. Crommelin was uninjured.Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSSpecial LotofLadies'at$15.00Just Received:June ShipmentofWelworth Waistsat $2.50. cWirthmor Waistsat $1.50FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSAutomobile DeliveryBOURBON CIRCUIT COURTAfter returning five indictmentsthe Grand Jury of the present term ofthe Bourbon Circuit Court, concludedits labors and adjourned Tuesday.The indictments were for minoroffenses. There are no murder trialson the docket, and there will be considerably less criminal work for theCourt than ever recorded before.When Judge Stout convened courtTuesday morning the case of theCommonwealth vs. George Collins,jointly indicted with Julian Throckmorten for stealing tobacco from theAmerican Tobacco Company's warehouse in this city some time ago, wascalled for trial. Collins pleaded notguilty, and upon the jury hearingthe evidence ha was nnrmtttprJThrockmorten was brought from thej?ranKiorL iteiormatory in charge ofa guard, and testified in the case,returning to the institution Tuesdaynight.The following cases were disposedof: Erne Cross, having liquor in herpossession for the purpose of sale,$100 and fifty days in jail; W. S.Smith, convicted on a charge ofgrand larceny, and given two yearsin the Frankfort Reformatory; JackScott, nuisance, convicted and fined$20; Elizabeth Detherage, nuisance,same fine.Wednesday was occupied in thehearing of two small civil suits,which were disposed of in Court. Anumber of visiting attorneys were inattendance, among them being Mr.George C. Webb, of Lexington.The time of the Court was occupiedyesterday with the case of the administrator of Bobby Burns, vs. theLouisville & Nashville railroad company, in a suit for damages. Burnswas an L. & N. engineer, a residentof this city. He met death at Corbin last December while going to anoil house for oil. He had just alighted from his engine, when he wasstruck and killed by an engine,which it was claimed was comingdown, the track without headlights orlights of any kind. His administrators sued for $50,000. The case islikely to occupy the attention of theCourt for several days.All the juries, with the exceptionof the one engaged in the trial of theBurns case, were excused until Saturday. A SERGE SUIT AT $25.You didn't think that possible, yetwe have an all-wool fast color suitat that price in all sizes.J. W. DAVIS & CO.SuitstINTERESTING OIL NOTESed by its natural protectors, a lusty-r-t -Dn 71 I x-u i lunsed infant of about fourteen daxs. Be11, Dresident of the Mutual was found on the front porch at theOil & Refining Company, recently or- home of Mrs. Carrie Innis Fisher onganized in Paris, and which has offi- Twelfth street, early Tuesday mornces in the Security Trust Building, in ing, after its cries had attracted theLexington, has just returned from attention of the occupants of theIsorthern Indiana, where he secured home, and of the neighborsfor his company 280 acres of proven ; At a late hour Monday night it wasoil land in Jay county. The Co- said, a machine with lights extinoperatmg Land & Development Com-'guished and showing no license tag,pany, which is allied with the Mu- slowly moved up Twelfth street, andl:. undertake the development stopped in front of the residence ofoi uus property, tne mutual taKing aroyalty. The Mutual Company ishaving a rig moved to Knox county,where it will sink a test well at once.The Co-operating Land & Development Company, of Paris and Lexington, announces its new properties in a prospectus recentlypublished in an elaborateform and illustrating their holdingsin Lee and Estill counties. The prosrpectus gives a general summary ofthe work already accomplished bythe company and states its plans andpurposes for the immediate future.The Co-operating is a sister companyto tne ijoumon un & DevelopmentComnanv and thp. Mutual nil & Tfp -fining Company.The Central West PetroleumCompany, according to an official report, has been organized and capitalized at $250,000. At a recent meeting of the directors the following offi;cers were elected: J. Elmer Boardman, of Paris, president; J. T. Metcalfe, of Carlisle, vice-president andgeneral counsel; C. C. Robbins, ofWinchester, secretary and treasurer.This company owns the A. C. Creechand Bush Heirs tracts in Wolfecounty, 100 acres on Hell Cieek, 45acres in Estill and some valuableholdings in Stephens county, Texas.At a recent meeting of the directors, of W. S. Dudley Oil and GasCompany, W. S. Dudley, prominentfinancier, of Lexington and Carlisle,was elected president; G. P. Morrison, half-owner, of the Marion CoalCompany, formerly of Krioxville,Tenn., now of Lexington, vice-presidentand general manager; RichardGodson, attorney, of Midway, secretary and treasurer. These threemen, together with C. L. Ryley, ofthe C. L. Ryley Coal Company, ofLexington, and W. O. Davis, of Versailles, general counsel of the Kentucky River Coal Corporation, compose the board of directors.Operations in the Easter Kentuckyoil Helds are being .handicapped byse"rious. labor conditions, according toreports received from there. It Isstated that men are leaving the workat wells, going back to the cities, orseeking more congenial employmenton farms or in factories. Faulty food,scarcity of healthy drinking waterand inadequate living accommodations are said to be the causes of thismigration. Several of the largercompanies have already drilled water wells to offset these conditionsand others, realizing the needs ofwholesome water for their employes,are reported to have started drilling.oWOOL WANTEDWill pay highest marketprice. Sacks furnished free.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.WANTED TO KNOW.When a bill for $1,550 for oil usedon the streets of Paris was read at arecent meeting of the City Council,by the City Clerk, Councilman JohnMerringer wanted ti know who ordered the oil. Just a few monthsago the Council adopted a resolutionthat no one had authority to contract a "bill for the city exceedingthe sum of $100 without first beinggiven the authority to do so by theCouncil's Committee.Mayor E. B. January assumed authority for the purchase, and was informed by Councilman Merringerthat he had exceeded his authorityand besides after spreading the oil onthe streets it had been covered withcrushed rock, which had destroyedits usefulness as a dust preventative.Councilmen J. J. Veatch and CatesbySpears also concurred in the opinionexpressed by Councilman Merringer.The bill was referred to a committeefor investigation.oCHAUTAUQUA DATES.The week of July 8 has been selected for the engagement of the Chautauqua, which will be put on here bythe White & Myers System, of Kansas City, Mo., who have had chargeof the preceding engagements.Chairman J. Will Thomas advisesevery one to purchase season tickets, which will be placed on sale ato rnTvVrvT nf nlacptj in the P.itv Theprogram will be published in the lo-cal press at an eany aate.CARD OV THANKS.We desire to extend our heartfeltthanks to all the good friends andneighbors who extended their kindoffices to us during the illness anddeath of our brother and son, OscarT. Ashcraft.Especially do we desire to earnestly thank Dr. Wm. Kenney and thenurses of the Massie Memorial Hospital; Mr. George R. Davis and those twho sent their beautiful norai ae-signs.MRS. LUTHER C. ASHCRAFT ANDFAMILY.DESERTED INFANT POUND ONDOORSTEPS OP PARIS HOME.ADTiarPTltlv oaarfail anrl nV.in1nr,,Mrs. Fisher. A woman carrying abundle, closely wrapped in a basket,j alighted from the car and proceededsilently to the home, where afterhurriedly glancing around she placedthe basket bn the porch and hurriedly re-entered the car and droveaway.The lusty cries of the infant attracted the attention of Mrs. Fisher.Upon investigation she found the basket containing a handsome boy baby,apparently about two weeks old.The infant was swaddled in goodclothes, and several suits of readymade clothes were in the basket.There was nothing to indicate theidentity of the infant or its parents,. u i4.i.i 1 t -Iand the clothing bore no marks ofany kind to identify it. Attached tothe clothes the baby wore was a notereading as follows:"Dear Friend If you find youcan't keep this baby, please see to itIthat he gets a good home. He is ofgood parentage on both sides, andwas born in May 31."Mrs. Fisher took the little stranger in her keeping and administeredto his wants. She made every effortto locate the parents, but to no avail.Later in the day the little fellow wasturned over to Mrs. Harry Hill,where he remained until yesterday.Early yesterday morning a youngwoman, giving Richmond as her residence, came to Paris over the ParisLexington interurban electric line,and claimed the child. She statedto Mrs. Fisher and Mrs. Hill that shehad been secretly married about ayear ago to a young man in Richmond, and that when the baby wasborn she took it to the home of herparents, but they refused to let herkeep it there. Then she conceivedthe idea of bringing it to Paris. Thechild was turned over to her and shereturned to Richmond on the nextcar.NOTED ATTRACTION AT THE.PARIS GRAND TO-DAY.v "Woman," Maurice Tourneurslong-heralded and long-waited forfilm, which has proven so successfulin all the cities it has appeared, isto give its first showing at the GrandTheatre to-day.It is an episodic play, in five epochs with a prologue and epilogue.The philosopher and his wife quarrel. Left alone he reviews the women of the past. From Eve to thepresent day woman, each type andperiod are discussed in this film.Just what Tourneur's idea and moralare in the picture is a question whichwill be widely talked of. We leaveit to the readers to view it for themselves. But the production is gorgeous,tremendously well done and tremendously impressive. The Garden ofEden scenes are played by EthelHallor as Eve, and Henry West asAdam. The scenes in Rome in theday of Claudius are done with a historic detail and richness of coloringthat is unusual. Flora Revelles, asMessalina, reaches real tragic heightsin the part, while Paul Clerget is anunusually impressive Claudius. Thescenes at the banquet are trulybacchanalian.The legend of Britanny is neatlydone with a fairy touch that fairlysparkles, while the Civil War episode,a bare incident, has a tragedy notethat is impressive by its brevity."Woman" is a truly big pictureand should be viewed by every onewho admires the artistic."Woman" will be shown again tomorrow. oHAS NARROW ESCAPEWhile working underneath an automobile at the Bourbon Garage &Supply Co.'s repair shop on Mainstreet Tuesday, James Delaney, oneof their expert mechanics, had a narrow escape from being crushed todeath. One of the jacks holding themachine slipped, causing the car totip over, pinioning him underneath.His calls for help brought othermembers of the working forces to hisrescue, and the big machine wasrighted and Delaney rescued fromhis perilous position. He was considerably bruised, and would havebeen badly hurt had the full weightof the machine fallen on him.HAIL INSURANCE.I ..- ,. tnhirrn attainthail withYERKES & PEED.Prompt and satisfactory adjustments. (june20-tf)0"WELCOME TO OUR MIDST."Mr. Edward ("Dickey") Doyle, aformer resident of Paris, who hasbeen residing in Lexington 'andFrankfort for some time, will returnto Paris to reside next week.Mr. Doyle will open a soft drinkana luncn stana in xne uougnimbuilding, on Main street, betweenSeventh and Eighth streets.RETAIL CLOTHIEBS CLOSE SESSIONS AT LEXINGTON.The annual meeting of the Kentucky Retail Clothiers' Association,in which several Paris merchants areofficers, came to a close at Lexington,Wednesday night with the election ofofficers and the presentation of a program of social features of unusualinterest. This was the seventh annual session of the Association, andwas fully up to the expectations ofall who attended.The convention was called to orderby I. L. Price, of Paris, vice-president,but after the resident's mi-dress had been read, he called Col.Fred Levy, of Louisville, to presideover the sessions. The minutes ofthe last annual convention were readby Withers Davis, of Paris, secretary,and committees on nominations andresolutions were appointed beforenoon adjournment.The retail clothers of Central Kentucky were hosts at luncheon, andthe afternoon sessions commenced at2 o'clock with a report of work accomplished by the war board, by Col.Levy."Some Hints on Clothing Buying"was the subject of an address by F.M. Bossard, of Cincinnati, afterwhich C. E. Brush, also of Cincinnati, spoke on "Standardizing Priceson Boys' Clothing." Two discussionsfollowed before adjournment for theafternoon. The subjects are "Up-to-dateMethods for Mark Up and MarkDown," and "The Outlook for Falland Winter."At the conclusion of the businesssession the delegate's and their invited guests were taken to Shakertownon a motor trip, where they spentseveral delightful hours in the coolshade, and partook of a luncheon.At the final session held Wednesday the Association selected DawsonSprings as the place of meeting forthe eighth annual session, nextJune, and elected the following officers: Ellis Malone, Franklin, president; W. C. Fisher, Lexington,, vicepresident; Withers Davis, Paris; second vice president,1 L. G. Boone, Elkton, secretary; A. L. Harbison, Shelbyville, treasurer; Julius Helburn,Eminence, national representative. 'The body was welcomed in an address by Commissioner Wood G. Dunlap. He greeted them as "millionaires," and said that everybody inLexington, except oil magnates,plumbers and local retail clothiersalso of the millionaire class wouldenvy them, however warm their hospitality. Mr. Dunlap painted a pathetic picture of Mr. Average Citizen,"with only a few more shoppingdays till drouth."-LATEST ON THE TOWN. !Have you seen the new car?OAKLAND MOTOR SALES CO.,108 Tenth Street.(17-St)WE KNOW MOW lMid-SummerSUITSReady-to-Wear !It takes a good tailor years to master the art of making light weight skeleton lined clothing, and the SummerSuits that we are selling are made by expert tailors whomake a specialty of manufacturing Summer Clothing.You will find many desirable patterns and styles in ourselection.Palm BeachesMohairs andKool KlothGarments that will keep you cool and comfortable thesehot, sultry days. Let us fix you out in a summer outfit.SUITS FROM$15 to $30Straw Hats, Light Weight Underwear, Silk ShirtsLight Weight Pongees.MITCHELL &Stetson HatsManhattan Shirts$40,000 MORE FOR ALEXA2IDEB,BANK DEPOSITORS.Attorney John J. Williams, ofParis, of counsel for the State Backing Commissioner of Kentucky in thesettlement of the affairs of the defunct George Alexander & Company'sState Bank, has a letter from E. B.Dilly, Clerk of the District Court ofthe United States for the SouthernDistrict of Ohio, notifying him of adecision made by Judge Hollister ofthat court, which wilT be of benefitto the depositors of the AlexanderBank. ,A few months after the failure ofthe Alexander bank, suit was filed byThomas J. Smith, State BankingCommissioner, and Buckner Woodford, Deputy. Banking Commissioner,against the Fifty-third NationalBank of Cincinnati, to recover about$40,000, which they claimed theFifty-third bank was unlawfullyholding, it representing a sum loaned to Alexander above the legal limitof ?10,000, which, according to itscharter, was the limit the bankcould borrow.In 1917, Judge Hollister ruled thatthe law was with plaintiffs in thecase, but at the time he made saidruling both Banking CommissionerSmith and Deputy CommissionerBuckner Woodford, Sr., had been deceased more than, a year and theirnames had not been substituted bythe names of their predecessors inoffice, nor had any motion beenmade for the substitution of thenames within a year after death ofthe Banking Commissioner and hisdeputy.Mr. Maxwell, attorney for theFifth-Third Bank, contended that itwas too late to substitute the namesof George E. Speer, present BankingCommissioner, and his deputy, Buckner Woodford, Jr., and said" recordsdid not show at that time- any oneauthorized to collect the money fromthe Fifth-Third Bank, and" that theBanking Commissioner would have tolose that amount.The case was submitted" to JudgeHollister several months ago, and heruled and filed an opinion that themotion of the plaintiffs to strbsitutethe names of Speer and BucknerWoodford, Jr., must be sustained.The decision means that about$40,000 more will be distributedamong the bank's creditors, and ifsuit pending in court for $30,000and those against the directors of thebank result favorably, the depositorswill receive very close to one hundredper cent, of their deposits;ARM BROKER-While handling an unruly ponyat her home near Ewalts- Cross Roads,on the Cynthiana pike, near Paris,yesterday morning, Mrs. R. C. Biddlewas thrown to the ground;, sustaininga broken arm. Dr. George L. Rankin, of Shawhan, was called and gave,medical assistance.BLAKEMORENcttltton SImmDr. Reed's CushwnStShMc" IiH- i-.-. -.fcWLGE TWOTHE BOURBON HEWS, PARIS, KEHtUCKYFRIDAY, JUNE 20, 111.flff1I1tni:H;IitiU'IIH BOURBON NEWSKittblished 188137 Tears of Cotinuous PublicationFobliihed Every Tuesday and PridayPer Yew.. $2.00 6 Months .$1.00Payable in Adavance.IWHT CHAMP. Editor and Owner.Ottered at the Paris, Kentucky.Poeioffice as Msil Matter of theSecond Class.)lAxr erroneous reflection upon theakaracter. standing or reputation orMT parson, firm or corporation whichem? anear in the columns of THETJRBON NEWS will be gladly corrected If brought to attention of tneilter.ADVERTISING RATESJMsplay Advertisements, 1.00 perl&oh for first time; 50 cents per inchaaok subsequent insertion.Heading Notices, 10 cents per linetack issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The- right of publisher is reseivedto decline any advertisement or othermatter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.EDITORIAL MUSINGS.'Why?Jit happened last winter in a storein '.our town the town we have'boasted as being the finest town inthe country in which to raise children. She was a dear, quaint little thing,and had wandered away from hermother to investigate more thorLi"hly a muff a lady was carrying.Oi'O little hand stroke the fur sosoivly, and the smile on her facedebpened,' showing a dimple in hercheek. Suddenly the fur was jerkedaway with ' a muttered 'somethingabout '"meddlesome kids and carelessm6thers." The baby- didn't understand th'e meaning of the words, buther feelings had been hurt, and sheshrank back, lips quivering, and evenmother's arms around her couldn'tkeep the tears back.j :yr ' Will You Be Missed?" -Some of these days you, who arereading' this article, are going to dieand' pass to your reward whateverthat? reward may be.TjriU'you leave a void behind?ill you be missed?The Creator has ordained thatman must care out his career in thisworld, and when he journeys to thegreat" unknown he leaves behind arecord founded upon his own acts.You-may leave behind you a wifeor children, or other dependents. Asyou deal by them in life, so will their:grief be gauged and tempered at yourdeath.Will they miss you?In this town you have friends andbusiness associates, and perhapsmany acquaintances. They knowyoil as you are, as you 'have been for'these many years,. They have judgedyouUving-,-and; they will judge you,W)H they miss you?" In our homes are many little children who know you, who have passed you on the streets, who, perchance, may have been greeted witha kindly smile or with a frown. Theywill remember you.But will they miss you?There is no place you may go, nopoint of the compass to which youmay turn, but what people haveknown you or will know you, and byall of these you will be judged whenv you have passed away.Your family, your associates, youracquaintances, even your dumb"brutes will remember you after youhave passed on.But will you be missed?, More Than Our Share.Every town is pestered by the hairbrained chatter of the irresponsible,but it seems to us sometimes thatParis has more than its share of thesemalicious babblers. Why oh why, willpeople spend their time in saying unkind and untrue things about theirneighbors? Nobody escapes, nobodyis immune from these assassins ofcharacter.We know a little group that arerery Intimate. When they are together you would think the worldwas all peaches and cream, but whenthey break up into couples the littlehammers- are set going and theyknock each other like a lot of rivalcandidates. If Mrs. Brown onlyknew what Mrs. Smith said about herto Jfcrs. Jones they would never speakto each other again. Yet, when Mrs.Brown and Mrs. Smith meet they puttheir arms about each other and playha-roc with Mrs. Jones' reputation.An so it" goes. Meanness, nastiness,. injustice and jealousy, knocked aboutJte?$the neighborhood and the village un" ' til one grows sick at the unkindnessof human nature.There is nothing in small towncommunity life that is so odious asgossip, if Nothing that creates somuch discord, so much' misery. Muchof this idle talkstarts1 with the runabout with nimble tongue who sets afew surmises on foot that soon meetwith falsehood. The thing is spreadby jealousy and envy and thus theevil report goes through the town.For years and years this thing hasbeen going on in Paris and peoplewho should have been friends havebeen separated by these viciousgossips. Once we stood beside thecasket containing the clay of a dear,dead woman whom everybody loved.A friend standing near by said:"She was one of Nature's noble women. I never heard her say an unkind word of any one." Would thatmore of us could have such a tribute.You Tax Yourself .We met an old philosopher in thepostffice the other day. One of thoserare specimens of advanced age whohas mellowed with the years andwho, though his hair is white andhis face lined with the marks left bythe cares of life, still smiles and hasa cheerful word upon all occasions.He stood for a few momens listeningto a couple of our chronic kickerscomplaining about the income tax,the war indebtedness, the high costof living and wondering where folkswere to get all the money to meetall the burdens imposed by the war."Boys," said the smiling old philosopher, "I reckon part of what yousaid is true. Our taxes will be heavy.But did you ever stop to think thatthe least of our burdens is the government taxes and that what we gotout of the war was worth all it costus? Our real taxes are the ones weimpose upon ourselves. We are taxedheavily by idleness and pride. Trying to keep up with some spendthriftacquaintance or extravagant neighbor is a tax. Then a lot of youngpeople are heavily taxed by folly anddissipation. The money we throwaway each year will more than paythe income tax. These taxes cannotbe abated by the Government. Yougot to do it yourself. So far as I cansee there is still plenty of work andwages are good. I reckon it will always be as it always has been. Thethrifty, industrious fellow will getalong andthe shiftless, extravagantcuss will be renewing his notes."The chronic growlers just naturally faded away as the old philosopher stopped to open his lock box.Good Scheme For The Germans.The report of the Special Committee on Government Ownership andOperation of Public Utilities recently made by a committee of membersfor the Merchants' Association ofNew York, contains a lot of refreshing innovations in the argumentsagainst this kind of a program foruse in the United States. But thatthe Germans, witn their peculiar"kultur" were fairly successful with"government ownership" and operation, appears to be admitted. Thereason, whyfore, are given, and thefollowing is an extract from the report: "It is true that government operation of public utilities was measurably successful in Germany. But thereason which, under the German system and being given the mentalityand traditions of the German people,made it fairly successful in thatcountry, are the reasons why underour form of government, and withthe spirit and traditions of theAmerican people, government ownership or operation would be bound toprove a failure and a grave socialand economic detriment to thecountry."In another part of the report wefind this statement: "The financialsuccess of the Prussian railroads isdue to high rates,, which averageabout tlwce those of American railroads, despite the fact that thePrussian roads pay practically notaxes and that American wages aredouble those of Prussia. Moreover,the operating costs of the Prussianroads are seriously and wastefullyswelled in the item of labor costs, bythe excessive number of employees;where American railroads employone hundred men, the Prussians employ approximately one hundred andsixty-six an excess common everywhere under state operation."oTHE TEUTON MINI).(Montreal Star.)"In reply to your letter of June 4,1914." In these words a Germanfirm begins a business communication to a New York firm which inoutlook and sentiment seems tocrystalize the German mentality. Itis unmatchable in its superb blandness and in cold-blooded Teutonicefficiency. "Certain little mattershave dislocated the routine 'of ouroffice system" (one can almost hearthe monotonous tone3 of the firstassistant director general) "but explanations are surely unnecessary."Perhaps the chief" correspondenceclerk exchanged the pen for the bayonet or the head bookkeeper doffedhis fustian jacket for the skull andcross-bones tunic of the U-boatpriate or maybe the chief collectorwas busy at Louvain. where collections were heavy. But all this isnow passed and we must get back tobusiness. "Ach, Hans! How thecorrespondence has been neglected.Let us at once a beginning make."That there should be any prejudiceagainst him does not penetrate theTeuton mind. The humor of it ismagnificent impudence, is lost on theGerman consciousness. Yesterday asoldier; ah yes! but to-day?"In reply to your letfec of June 6,1914."iWAHNING TO EMPLOYERS OPCHILD LABOE.Employers of children are warnedthat a violation of the recently enacted Federal Revenue Act (section1203-a) entails a fine of 10 of theyear's profits of firm or corporationfound guilty.The act forbids the employing ofany child under 14 years of age inany mjjl, cannery, workshop, factoryor manufacturing establishment orany child under 16 years of age in amine or quarry?5It also forbids the . employing ofchildren between 14 and 16 years ofage for more than 8 "hours in any oneday, or more than 6 days in any onewek.The Kentucky Child Labor Law(section 331-a Kentucky Statutes)forbids the employing, at any time ofthe year, of children under 14 yearsof age in any factory, mill, workshop,mercantile establishment store,office, printing establishment, bakery,launry, restaurant, hotel, apartmenthouse, theatre, motion picture establishment, or in the distribution ortransmission of merchandise or messages. It forbids the employing, at anytime of the year, of any child between 14 and 16 years of age in anyfactory, mill, workshop, mercantileestablishment, store, office, printingestablishment, bakery, laundry,resaurant, hotel, apartment house,theatre, motion picture establishment, or in the distribution or transmission of merchandise or messages,unless said child secures a workingpermit.It forbids the employing, at anytime of the year, in any of the aboveoccupations of any child for morethan 8 hours in any one day; before7 a. m. or after 6 p. m., in any oneday; more than 48 hours in any oneweek or more than 6 days in any oneweek.Unguarded machinery of any dangerous description is a vioation ofthe law and voids insurance o-n anyemployee who is under twenty-oneyears of age. (See sub-section 10,Kentucky Child Labor Law.)The penalty for violating any section of the Kentucky Child LaborLaw entails a fine of from ?15 to $50for the first offense.A violation of either Federal orState Child Labor Acts not only renders employers liable to fines underboth Federal and State Laws, butvoids the employers protective insurance or Workman's CompensationAct in the event of injury to any onethus illegally employed.RAISING THE DOUGH WITH SALVATION ARMY DOUGHNUTSThe doughnut that made thedoughboy happy and was so widelyand generously distributed to ourboys "over there" by the SalvationArmy, has been prominently featuredby that organization in the great national drive to raise funds to continue over here their great work inthe cause of humanity.In the great drive in New 6Wty,doughnuts were sold by the Salvation Army by the thousands at onedollar apiece. The Royal BakingPowder Company contributed to theSalvation Army a large quantity oftheir famous product, which notonly raised the dough in ,the doughnuts, but went a long way in helping to "raise the dough" for the fund.This famous doughnut is shapedlike a life preserver and was no doubtregarded as such on many occasionsby our men in the battle line beyondthe reach of rations. The soldiershave sung its praise so much that therecipe for making four dozen of thekind of doughnuts that helped winthe war is given here for the benefitof our readers.Five cups of flour, two cups of sugar, five teaspoonfuls of Royal Baking Powder, one saltspoonful of salt,two eggs, one and three-quarter cupsof milk and one tablespoonful of fard.Knead, shape with a doughnutcutter, drop into very hot lard and Ina few minutes you have it.rRED CROSS PEACE PROJECTSFactory managers recognize RedCross first aid classes among theiremployees as a paying investment oftime and interest.Fourteen hundred Norwegian RedCross ski-runners served with theFrench in the Vbsges, while in Sweden 33,000 women made surgicaldressings and hospital garments.Because the present supply of public health nurses is too small to supply the demand throughout the country, the Red Cross has appropriated$lG0rffOO for scholarships and $5,000for loans to assist nurses who wantto take post-graduate courses, fittingthemselves for this work. The fundis administered by the department ofnursing of the American Red Cross.Don't forget to see Red Cross filmswhen they come to your local theatre. They will show you how theRed Cross is still at -work at homeand abroad, taking care of peoplewho happen tp be suffering throughno fault of their own.To give individual attention toeach child who has suffered from thewar is one of the greatest tasks ofthe American Red Cross in EuropeFortunately, the Red Cross "standsby" and its most 'potent instrumentis love. To France, Belgium and theNear East clothing and comforts arebeing sent. In, the Archangel district 10,000 children are being served hot, nourishing meals at noon eachday.Rumors that the American RedCross was to demobilize its organization in France and to leave thatcountry at once has been denied in astatement issued by Lieut.-ColonelGeorge H. Burr, Red Cross commissioner from France, who says:"For the relief of suffering anddestitution existing in various partsof Europe, the American Red Crossis re-adjusting its organization sothat the main effort in Europe maywell be concentrated in its primarycapacity as a relief organization."hn reason iffDOUBT SUGCESSAfter-Effects Made Operation's Result Questionable Trutona' Scores Victory.LOUISVILLE, KY., June 19.Valuable words of advice foundedupon actual experience, are embodiedin the convincing testimonial of Mrs.W. A. Jenkins, well-known Louisville woman residing at 3,121 WestBroadway, in which she pays Trutona a glowing tribute."A serious operation, performedten years ago, left me in a very nervous state," Mrs. Jenkins said. "Stomach disorders had become an additional trouble. Intestinal catarrhcaused me to be constipated continually. I was always taking a laxative. I frequently experienced severe pains in my back, too. Dizzyspells often attacked me. My nerveswere so unstrung that I never got agood night's rest."I advise all of my friends andothers, suffering as I did, to tryTrutona. Since I have taken it, mynerves are much steadier and I'm really able to sleep well at night again.My kidneys are in better shape, too,as the pains in my back have ceasedto bother me. And the constipationwell, it is entirely gone. Becauseof this relief I'm glad to recommendTrutona."Trutona is now being introducedand explained in Paris at G. S. Varden & Son's. (adv)cHOW HIGH DO YOU AIM?In this age of great attainments inthe arts and sciences, in the tradesand professions, we hear much said ofthe duty of "aiming high," meaningthereby to excel in some particularline.The farmer is urged to develophis soil to the maximum of fertility,the stockman to develop his live stockto the highest point. The manufacturer is not satisfied with an inferiorarticle, but must produce the best.The lawyer aspires to be a leader inhis profession, while the doctorwould be a final authority on the illsof the flesh.All this is commendable and aa itshould be, for it is just such an ambition to excel that has made of theseUnited States the great -nation sheis to-day.But there is one "industry" inwhich, without careful thought, weas a nation are in grave danger ofretrogression of disintegration.This is in the building of character,in the making of good citizens.Shotid we not give more attentionto the creation of a high grade ofmanhood, as well as a perfect horseor turnip? Should we not strive toproduce men who will raise thestandard of citizenship to a higherplane than that to which we, theirfathers, have attained?'While it may not be possible forus to scale earth's loftiest mountainLpeak, yet does that give us license togrovel at the base of the meanesthill?To reduce a sermon to a few words,we' achieve nothing in life that ishigher than the goar to which weaspire, for the destiny of each manis controlled by the quality of hisown mind.How high do you aim in life?oLAME BACK RELIEVED.For a lame back apply Chamber-Iain's Liniment twice a day and massage the muscles of the back over theseat of pain thoroughly at each application.(june-adv)oSUGGESTION TQ SHIPPERS OPHOGS DURING HEATED SEASONI desire to call your attention tothe suggestion from Mr. 0. B. Livingston, of Madisonville, Kentucky,as to how he has been able to reduceshrinkage in hogs when- shippingduring hot weather. He stated:"Three times during the heated termof this summer, in car load lots, Ihave reduced the shrinkage at least50 per cent, by the simple expedientof pla'cing in each car with the hogs,three 100-pound cakes of Ice, uponthe floor of the car at equal intervals. This ice costs 50c per 100pounds, and $4'0 to $50 per car canbe-saved by its use in preventingshrinkage in the weight of hogs."Try this simple suggestion forwhat it is worth. It may save youmany dollars.MAT. S. COHEN,Commissioner of Agriculture.mlVo TonREPUBLICPerfectly NewFactory GuaranteeWrite for Our List ofUsed Track SpecialsHarry P. KellytDxs&rxhcilojrREIBlilCOTOR j&RaCKS1010 GflbcrtAJssJ'JeinciimaK.a-""B2n fixj igiiiTi igGgWHFor Sale;Ford Roadster, practically new.OAKLAND MOTOR SALES CO.(17-3t) 108 Tenth Street.Plants For Sale.Late cabbage and tomato plants,in any desired quantity. Excellentstock. One and one-half block fromtraction line. Call on or address,(17-4t) JOS. LAVIN.For SaleFirst-class, 7-passenger, 6-cylin-derStudebaker car for sale. Tires ingood shape and paint hardly scratched. A bargain for the cash.RAY HARRIS,(17-2t) Phones 226.FoundFound, on streets of Paris, a ladies'brooch pin. Owner may have someby proving property and paying forthis advertisement. Enquire atNEWS office.LostOn streets of Paris, Saturday, smallpurse, with stamp of First NationalBank on cover, containing about ?4in money. Suitable reward if returned to this office. (tf)StrayedFrom the J. T. Hinton farm onthe North Middletown pike, nearParis, a red spotted bull calf, abouteight weeks old. Had rope aroundneck. Also from the same place foursieep. Reward for their return orinformation leading to their recovery(10-tt) R. L. WILSON.Ford For SaleFord car in good condition. If soldat once for cash it can be bought ata bargain.(30-tf) MARTIN BROS.Lost or StolenA soft leather dog collar, .withlicense tag No. 1005 riveted on. Reward for return to(6-ft) JAS. E. CRAVEN.fAetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityAnd OtherCasualtiesPA. J. FEEAGENTHOMEKILLEDMEATSVealPorkBeefLambIt's the BestTo Be Had5.MflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketEye Examination!We use in our examination of theeyes the OPTHALMOMETER, theOPTHALMOSCOPE, RETINOSCOPEand many other instruments combined with the trial case. We alsomake trans-illuminary and bloodpressure tests.We specialize in theFITTING OF KRYPTOKS,The invisible bifocal lenses.Charges moderate to all.Dr. Wm. Riley FranklinSuite 203-204 First National BankBoth Phones, Paris, Kj,. :V9S&urton's 1Confectionery Store!Successor to Adami & Santi.AGENT P0R 11 BOLDMANUEL, COUNSELOR,AND S0NADA CIGARSAdami's Famous Recipe formaking delicious Ice Cream,Soda Water and MixedDrinks still used.Bulk Ice Cream(Made from Pure Cream)delivered for home use.Fancy Ices for Parties 1HIGH CLASS BOXCANDIES,For the BEST, Set Us,FRANK BURTON1X1(KIWilffloth'sFreshHomelBakecJ Breads,Cakes, Pies Etc.DailyFresh.Meats,Roasts,Steaks,Chops, Fancy Goods.Famous -Coffeesand TeasWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376brighter;EVENINGSNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.useSleotn'ot'tufor EigfttingIt's the only satisfactory way.use Setsforljeatiiig and CookingIt's the only sensible plan.?a4B&ZVR"" 3Let Us Fix You UpFor the Use o! BothElectricity and Gas.Paris Gas & Electric Co.;(Inconxoatii) Sric JS jr&CI FRIDAY, JUNE 20, 1919.THE BOUBBOH 3fEWS PAHIS, SEJVTUWfM6XismTHE MAKING OFA FAMOUSMEDICINEHow Lydia E. Pihkham'sVegetable CompoundIs Prepared ForWoman's Use.A visit to the laboratory where thisruccessful remedy is made impresseseven the casual looker-on with the relitbility, accuracy, skill and cleanlinesswhich attends the making of this greatmedicine foj woman's ills.Over 350.000 pounds of various herbsare used anually and all have to begathered at the season of the year whentheir natural juices and medicinal substances are at their best.The most successful solvents are usedto extract the medicinal properties fromthese herbs.Every utensil and tank that comes incontact with the medicine is sterilizedand as a final precauticr in cleanlinessthe medicine is pasteuriztJ and sealedin sterile bottles.It is the wonderful combination ofroots and herbs, together with theskill and care need in its preparationwhich has mc&a this famous medicineso sucjrssf ul In the -treatment offemale ills.The letters from -women who havebeen restored to health by the use ofLydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound which we are continually publishing attest to its virtue.PICTURES SOUGHT FOR THE KENTUCKY BUILDING.Pennants, pictures and exhibits,suitable for wall posting, are wantedby the War Camp Community Service for display in the Kentucky section of the States' Welcome Homebuilding at Newport News, Va., according to information from the LakeDivision representative in charge ofthe States Headquarters at NewportNews.A large Kentucky flag, which wasused on the Kentucky building at theSt Louis World's Fair in 1904, andis the property of Secretary C. P.Dunn, of the Lexington Board ofCommerce, will be sent with the exhibits. The States' Welcome Homehas nine buildings with flags of theStates in this district flying fromtheir respective buildings. Thebuildings are in charge of thirteenregional managers and a warm welcome is given each returning boy inhis section of the States' WelcomeHome.The buildings contain reading andwriting rooms, where files are keptof home papeis, magazines and otherliterature that give a touch of hometo the building.PRESIDENT TO LEAVE EOR HOMEJUNE 24.WASHINGTON, June 19. President Wilson hopes to leave Paris forWashington on June 24 or 25, if theGermans sign the peace treaty. Immediately after his arrival in Washington, the President will addressCongress. After clearing up pressing official business he will start onhis "swing around the circle" earlyin July. It was said at the WhiteHouse to-day that the President expected to spend three weeks on hisspeaking tour, explaining the peacetreaty and the League of Nationscovenant.The President has made known adesire that his audiences during histour be composed largely of opponents of the League of Nations plan,rather than its supporters. He alsohas informed White House officialsthat he might discuss the Leaguecovenant in public aaaresses in thecourse of his visit to Belgium thisweek. Should he leave Paris a weekfrom to-morrow, the Presidentshould arrive in Washington aboutJuly 3. He will present the reviseddraft of the peace treaty to the Senate and will discuss the treaty andLeague covenant in an address to ajoint session of the Senate andHouse.WAR RISK INSURANCE BUREAU'SPOSTAL SYSTEMMore than a ton of incoming maileach day and nearly as much outgoing mail has made it necessary forthe War Risk Insurance Bureau tobuild up a postal system that islarger than any other of its kind inthe United States. Eighty thousandpieces of incoming mail each day arethe average for the bureau, of thesemore than 50,000 being letters.There are over 80,000 outgoing tetters each day. Mail is received everyhalf hour, day and night, and a forceof employees is at work upon itthroughout every twenty-four hours,including Sundays. Most of the employees who first read the letters received are women, the majority being college graduates, highly trainedfor this expert work in quickly storing the letters, so that they reach thedepartment for which they are intnded in the quickest possible time.oThe only fellow who would reallyrather fight than eat is the dyspeptic.SOCIAL AND PERSONALComings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere."BAYER CROSS"ON ASPIRINjBSSrafl'Always Ask for Genuine"Bayer Tablets of Aspirin"A Special ShowingofNew Voilesand. OrgandiesFor the Summer TradeALL THE NEWESTSHADES AND PATTERNSatrOnly Aspirin. Tabled with thesafety "Bayer Cross on them aregenuine "Bayer Tablets of Aspirin,"owned ana nYade by Americans andproved safe by millions of people.1 Unknown quantities of fraudulentAspirin Tablets were sold recently bya .tsrooKiyn aeaier wmen pruvtsu tube composed mostly of TalcumPowder."Bayer Tablets of Aspirin" shouldalways be asked for. Then look forthe safety "Bayer Cross" on thepackage and on each, tablet. Acceptnothing else! Proper directions anddosage in each Bayer package.Aspirin is the trade mark of BayerManufacturer of Monoaceticacidesterof Salicylicacid.(apr4-tf-F-126)50cthe yard.TWIN BROS.Department Store7th and Main Paris, Ky.iMT orv lOneDroptourton Poultry RtrtuHfA few drops in the J?YwSwdriakine water curei flA, HRfSnnd tireTents white Xl-TX JUb'diarrhoea, cholera and other ehlckdiseases. One 60c bottle mokes Ugallons of medicine. Pint bottle,price $1.20, makes 32 gallons. Atdruerists, or sent by mail postpaid.Bourbon Remedy Co., Lexington, Ky.No reducing corsets are so trulyeconomical, so ,!ong-lived or sosatisfying. a these extra-stxonggarments.Tri I?nao Belt feature oftailoring, bat-become famousamong medium and stoutwomen, because it solves theproblem of retaining shapeliness where the greatest straincomes over the.abdomen andhipsjELTJjm' SirNote the exclusivemethod of boning this portion of the garment, then wear one RengoBelt model you llfind-your first supreme corset satisfaction.Models for eveiy figure some with steelastic webbing for greaterfreedom all with double watch spring boning.Prices of Rng Itlt Cwstts Range from $2 to $ltFor Sale by FRANK & CO.Rev. R. C. Goldsmith has returned from a visit to friends in Georgetown. Hon. Claude M. Thomas has returned from a business trip to Texastowns.Mrs. Neff, of Fifteenth street, isa guest of friends and relatives inRichmond.Miss Ruby Jane Houston is aguest of Miss Elizabeth Carter, inLexington.Mr. C. B. Simms, of Hazard, is aguest of Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Crowe,in this city.Miss Helen L. Robinson is visiting her grandparents, Mr. and Mrs.Slack, in Winchester.Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Myall haveas their guest, Miss Frances Armstrong, of Kansas City, Mo.Mrs. Julian A. McClintock, ofRichmond, is a guest of relatives andfriends in this city this week.Misses Elton Rice and ElizabethBanta have returned from a visit toMiss Kathryn Elkin, in Winchester.Mrs. o. P. Carter has returnedto her home in Lexington, after avisit to friends and relatives in thiscity.Mr. and Mrs. Hoyt Dejarnetthave returned to their home in Tay-jJorsville, after a visit to relatives inthis city and county.Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Schrote haveas guests at their home on Scott avenue, Mrs. W. O. Spencer and children, of Huntington, W. Va.Mrs. George Myers, of Henderson, and Mrs. Edwin Crawford, ofLouisville, are guests of friends andrelatives In Paris.Dr. and Mrs. Milton J. Stern attended the dance given at the Phoenix Hotel, in Lexington, by the Seniors of the University of Kentucky.Mrs. Nannie Dudley McClintock,Miss Nannie McClintock and MissRebecca Dudley are visiting Dr. andMrs. Frank L. Lapsley, near Slielbyville. Mrs. Garrett Jefferson, accompanied by Master Billie Blake, son ofMrs. Maria W. Blake, left Tuesdayfor Jacksonville, Florida, to remain amonth.Mr. W. H. Shanks, of Stanford,was a visitor in Paris this week, inthe interest of his candidacy for theDemocratic nomination for Lieutenant-Governor.Miss Ann Jouett Davis, of Louisville, is a guest of her father, Mr.Withers Davis, at the home of hergrandparents, Mr. and Mrs. Jos. W.Davis, on High street.Mrs. S. E. McClanahan, who recently underwent a serious operation at the Good Samaritan Hospital,in Lexington, has recovered sufficiently to return to her home on Eleventh street, in this city.Mrs. Nellie Stitt has returnedfrom a visit to friends in the East.She will leave in a few days fortvisit to her son, Mr. Norwood Stitt,J who is now in San Francisco, Cali.,lhaviire inst returned from overseas.Miss Mary Frances Campbell hasreturned from Cincinnati, where shehas been attending school at theUrsaline Academy, on Walnut Hills,to spend the summer vacation in thethis city with her parents, Dr. andMrs. F. P. Campbell.Mr. Brent Woodruff, of KansasCity, Mo., is a guest of his great-uncles,T. Hart and Wm. tJ. Talbott,near Paris. He is a grandson ofMr. Kelly Brent, of Kansas City, andthe late Mrs. Rymie Talbott Brent.Prof. C. Prentice Lancaster,who has been principal of the Harrison, Ohio, public schools during thepast school term, has returned tospend the summer vacation in Pariswith his father, Mr. C. J. Lancaster,and his sister, Mrs. Frank Burton.Mr. S. M. Heller, General Manager Central Home Telephone andTelegraph Company, of Louisville,was in Paris, Wednesday, and wasaccompanied to Carlisle and Maysville by District Manager J. J. Veatchfor the purpose of holding Director'smeetings.Misses Christine and LouvaniaThompson are entertaining the following house party -at their homenear Little Rock: NMisses LucretiaAdams, of Lexington, and PearlScrivener, of Irvine; Dr. and Mrs.Victor Corbin, of Butler; Earl McDougle and Ellison. Adams, of Richmond. (Other Personals on Page 5)DOCTOR W A HURRY HE REALLY ELIES!FEELING BLUE?LIVER LAZY?TAKE A GAL0TA6Wonderful How Young and Energetic You Feel After TakingThis Nausealess Calomel Calotab.If you have not tried Calotabs youhave a delightful surprise awaitingyou. The wonderful liver-cleansingand system-purifying properties ofcalomel may now be enjoyed withoutthe slightest unpleasantness. A Calotab at bedtime with a swallow ofwater that's all. No taste, no salts,nor the slightest unpleasant effects.You wake up in the morning feelingso good that you want to laugh aboutit. Your liver is clean, your systemis purified, your appetite hearty. Eatwhat you wish no danger. 'The nexttime you feel lazy, mean, nervous,blue, or discouraged, give your livera thorough cleansing with a Calotab.They are so perfect that your druggist is authorized to refund the priceas a guarantee that you will be delighted. Calotabs are sold in original, sealed packages. Price thirty-five cents.At all drug stores,(adv)oCAMPAIGN AGAINST CARELESSTHRESHERMEN.HOT WATERAT THE TURN OF THE TAPAlways ready. Nothing to do but toopen the faucet. The most convenient themost efficient the most gratifying thing amongall modern household conveniences.RUUDLUMPHREHeats the fresh water as it runs fromthe main. Opening the faucet startsrk l " jjulu-.u-i . JV tne neater hot water Hows until tnetlO lVI I faucet is closed. That stops expense.GAS WATER HEATER t&mm'You owe it, to your family and jourself to investigate this wondeem Automatic Water Heater. Let us show it to you.m&t(Kansas City Star.)Time -was when the doctor madehis calls in a buggy. Life sometimeshinged on the speed of the doctor'sold gray mare. Then came the motorcar and even the remotest of the average physician's patients were within an hour's drive. Now it is theairplane that brings the man ofhealing- to the bedside of the ailingand. brings him quickly.Dr. M. Dummitt, a physician atWebb City, Mo., uses an airplane tomake calls when speed Is absolutelyessential. Dr. Dummitt is an aviation fan. and virtually built a machine of his own. He has a hangarfor it near Joplin, andJLieut. Webber,formerly of the army aviation service, drives it for the physician.Recently Dr. Dummitt received ahurry-up call from James Matthews,a farmer living eight miles southeast of Webb City. Hastening to hishangar, the "doctor and Lieut. Webbergot out the machine and flew to theMatthews home in seven minutes.He alighted in a wheat field near theMatthews home, giving some farmersworking; tin t their, fields .nearby quitea surprise." The doctor spent fifteenminutes treating1 his patient, collected $5 for Ms. fee and then flewDacK'to nis nangar. Tne enure tripconsumed only thirty-one minutes,less than it would have taken thephysician of twenty-five years ago todrive out to the patient's home.J The doctor flies frequently forpleasure, but says he intends making a Tegular practical use of his airplane.WASHINGTON, June 19. TheDepartment of Agriculture has started a campaign against the carelessthrashermen. It wants only "cleanstraw ricks" left of the greatestgrain crop the nation ever hasknown, according to a statementmade public recently. So the thrashermen will be aided by the government to develop efficiency and avoidloss in separating the wheat fromthe chaff.Kecords of the department revealstarring losses of grain "througnavoidable waste of thrashermen."Tests made m "just ordinary" cropyeais show an aveiage of 25,000,000to 27,000,000 bushels- is thus thcownaway What it will be this year, unless the waste is eliminated, the department believed- would be worthmuch more than the campaign ofeducation would cost the government In Minnesota, where ths department made comprehensive tests covering 6,500 thrashing macrines lastyear, it was found that more than25 per cent, of machines wasted anaverage of 15 bushels of grain a dayeach. This loss, according to thefigures, was largely through machines being out of repair or throughlack of adjustment. Some Minnesota thrashers wasted as much as 50bushels a day in the thrashing season.,i - oIS LARGEST ELM IN TJ. S.(Buffalo News.).The largest elm tree in the UnitedStates is in Rathbone, near Marietta,O., according to tree experts. It isthirty-two feet in circumference andis estimated to be from 500 to 700years old. The tree has a spread of165 feet and has five limbs branchingout from the main trunk as large asordinary trees.Another famous tree in Ohio, asycamore, was located about one milebelow Beverly, on the MuskingumRiver. Records collected by the department of forestry at the Ohio Experiment Station show that an earlyFranch traveler made notes of thetree, because of its amazing size. Hisrecord shows that in 1802 the treewas forty-seven feet in circumferenceand that Gen. George Washingtonhad also made notes concerning thetree in his early travels into whatwas then known as the West. During the latter part of the Nineteenthcentury the tree became hollow tosuch an extent that one could standinside the cavity and turn an elevenfoot rail around in it. The tree lostmany of its branches before it disappeared beneath the waters of theMuskingum during the cave-in of thebank in IB 04.Early records show that many gigantic walnut trees were in the forest around that immense sycamore;many of them were so large that,when lying on the ground, they couldbe chinned by a man. Much of theearly fence between Beverly and Marietta was constructed from walnutrails which were made from thesetrees.For Sale ByW. SPICERThe J. T. Hinton Co. IUNDERTAKERSMainand SixthStreetsAND MMBALMMRSParis Ky.Day phone 36Nisht : . . 56or Home 286Motor equipment.-Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.nnniiiiiiiiiiimHiiiiimminininiiiiiiini-Speaking of cake, don't you justlong for the short kind?....! LEMON JUICEFOR FRECKLESiGirisl Make beauty lotion torI a few centsTry It!In . . .i ...... ' ..Squeeze' the juice 'of two lemoninto a- bottle containing three ouncesto orchard white, shake well, andyou have a quarter pint of the bestfreckle and tan. lotion, and ' complexion beautifier, at very, verysmstll cost'Your grocer has the lemons andany drug store or toilet counterwill supply tliree ounces of orchardwhite for a few cents. Massagethis sweetly fragrant lotion, into theface, neck, arms and hands each dayand see how freckles and blemishesdisappear and how clear, .soft and Ilu-gj tt mit but OU.XU, vw.It is harmless and never irritates.(arl8-tf-F)!XlxKSXi2p&GEO. W. DAVISfLINERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.'XixfiThe Home Telephone Your ServantFor Only a Few Cents Per DayLet us analyze nis qualifications: He is polite, intelligent, Willi"always on duty, day or night. , 'He will instantly present to you the grocer, butcner, baker or any ofthe trades-folks, or the doctor, fire d epartment or police in tmargtMK -He will go far beyond the confines of the town and Bring to'yottiiamazingly short time a member of the family or one of your good ropective customers. - -...-He will summons the railroad, boat or theatre ticket in a few aee-Con1- ' X .. 4fAnd as to wages, he will only cost you in residence from f to 8c nr iday; in place of business from 10 to 12c per day. t . TVtTCtf,rParis Home Telephone Telegrahcompany . v(Incorporated)J. J. Veatch, District Manager. ' w. H. Cavus, Itcalthe News Job Department is Always Busy."There's a Reason." Work Done RightMV "piGE xtn "b11THE B0US20H NEWS, PAEI5, EEfT(JGK7I FRIDAY. JTJNE20, 191S.IrwtUt" Linn9J1mOKLY BOTJKBON" COUNTY BOyCAPTUEED BY THE HUES.Tbe following account of how Private Martin S. Glenn, of Paris, fellinto the hands of the Huns, and howlie has probably the distinction of being the only Bourbon county boy, sofar as reported, as having been a prisoner of war of the Germans, was furnished to Mrs. Fanniebelle Sutherland, County Historian, and by hersent to THE NEWS for publication,in accordance with the request of theKentucky Council of Defense:''Private Martin S. Glenn, of Paris,Son of M. J. and Mary Kenney Glenn,was called to the colors on May 29,1918. After a brief stay at CampZachary Taylor he was transferred toCamp Beauregard, in Louisiana,where he made a record for himself.Being every inch a soldier he qualified with men who had been intraining a year, 'and sailed for overseas duty about August 1. Landingin England he was placed with thefighting 3 2d Division."The records of the 3 2d Divisionshow that Private Martin S. Glenn,of Company K., 127 th Infantry, waswounded by a machine gun bullet anOctober 15, in the battle of the Argonne Woods. Private Glenn's company was attacking at the time. He-was in the front line, at the foot ofa hill. At the top a German machine gun nest (intrenched) openedfire and killed and wounded all theadvanced squads. Subsequently hiscompany was forced to retire fromthe position to which they had advanced. When Company K again advanced and regained their ground-where private Glenn had fallen, notrace of this soldier could be found,and he was carried on the records as'missine in action.'"Private Glenn was badly wounded, and his right leg broken. Afterlying prostrate in the rain for twodays and a night, with three bulletwounds, exhausted from loss of bloodand hunger, and resigned to death,he was picked up by two Germans onpost duty and taken prisoner. Theycarried him across their shoulders,throwing him to the ground to restthemselves (they were in mud totheir knees) causing the broken boneto protrude throug the skin. Themarks of their cruelty remains to thisday."When the so-called hospital wasreached a gruff-speaking German surgeon began to cut away on PrivateGlenn's leg, for all the world like abutcher cutting up a piece of beef,using no anaesthetic at all, andcausing the unfortunate soldier themost excrutiating pain and soreness.Then he was transferred to the unspeakable prison, 'Germersheim,' onthe Rhine, where he remained fortwo months, surrounded by filth,disease, starvation, broken hearts anddeath in various forms. He came outalmost a skeleton, and with hiswounds infected. After the armisticewas Signed the French took chargeas soon as possible, and he was takento TJijon, 'later to Bordeaux, wherehe remained until April. He is nowat Ft. Sheridan, 111., suffering with abroken and infected leg. Everyeffort is being made to save his legand effect a complete cure."Private Glenn, battle-scarred andwounded, wears the Red Arrow, theinsignia of the world-famous 3 2d Division, -(Les Terribles.) They foughtthe Prussian Guards, passed throughevery line" the Germans made andnever met defeat, and were the 'firstAmerican troops to pass over and putfoot an hostile German territory.Only twenty-three of Private Glenn'scompany survive."The artillery supporting this Di-TrieinTi nspfl successfully the famoustriple barrage, and holds a - recordthat is startling and unique in thehistorv of the world-war. For generations the Red Arrow will be lookednTvin and venterated as one of thesymbols in connection with the worldwar. Another Bourbon "county solmct Private William M. Casey, ofParis, was a member of the 3 2d Division." !cGHAVE YOU .SEEN THE SCKIPPS' BOOTH? .A new car in this section, but oneof the 'finest finished, regardless ofprice. -We now have these cars ondisplay at our show rooms, and areable to make immediate delivery.DICKERSON & SON,(12-3 1) 106-108 E. Tenth St.LOCUSTS HAVE NOT APPEASEDIN KENTUCKY YET!If the seventeen-year locust has invaded Kentucky, Commissioner ofGeology and Forestry J. E. Bartonand his corps of workers have beenunable to discover it. After a careful search Commissioner .Barton hasarrived at the conclusion that theState is free of the destructive locuet.o-WOOL WANTED,W pay marktt price, for yurSacks reaoy. m receivewad at both our North MiddU-tawn and Paris warehouses.CLARKE & YOUNG.(apr22-tf) ,oO jr-SIXTY-SIX AUTOS BUENJDTIEINOSCHOOL COXMENCEMENTIN THE SERVICE OP THEIRCOUNTRY.Lieut, Ogden, just returned fromoverseas duty in Prance, was a guestthis week of Mr. and Mrs. Henry L.Terrill, in this city. Lieut. Ogdenwill resume his former position withthe Louisville & Nashville.TO ATTEND INDEPENDENT TELEPHONE ASSOCIATION CONVENTION.POOR OLD PARIS WON'T BE INON THIS!Robert Scobee Hardman, son ofMr. and Mrs. Lee 'Hardman, of Austerlitz, who has been in France forthe past twelve months in the aviation branch of the service has returned to his home, having receivedhis final discharge papers.A message was received here Wednesday by relatives stating thatErnest Jones, of Paris, who volunteered for service in the U. S. Navyat the beginning of the world-war,had been given an honorable discharge, and would return to Paris ina few days.At the United States IndependentTelephone Association Convention, tobe held in Chicago, June 25-26, Pariswill be represented by J. J. Veatch,District Manager of the Central HomeTelephone Company.The "New Era" convention of theUnited States Independent Telephone Association is to be held atHotel LaSalle, Chicago, June 24, 25and 26, and promises to be one of themost important in the history of the'Association. Leading telephone menfrom all over the United States willbe there to discuss developments affecting their industry and their mutual problems.The Central Home Telephone andTelegraph Company will be represented by District Manager J. J.Veatch, of Paris, for Eastern Kentucky; S. M. Heller, General Manager, and Minor Corman, General Superintendent, of Louisville and Western Kentucky. Mr. Veatch leavesMonday night for Chicago .Plans for a State-wide observanceof Independence Day in Kentucky bythe American Legion were announcedHardinsburg, Ky. Judge MoormanHardinsburg, Ky. Jeudge Moormanis temporary State Commander of theLegion.The plan calls for patriotic meetings at each county seat and for theorganization of legion posts in townswithout charters. Judge Moormanhas written to County Clerks, SchoolSuperintendents, Sheriffs,RELIGIOUS.Rev. J. Sprole Lyons, D. D., ofAtlanta, Georgia, will preach at thePresbyterian church Sunday morning. Dr. Lyons has the reputation ofbeing one of the ablest divines of theSouthern church. It is earnestly desired that he be greeted by a largecongregation Sunday.The revival meetinsr which hasMaster fceen. in progress at the Paris BaptistTHE AMERICAN DEAD TO BEBROUGHT BACK FOR BURIALDr. Avonia Kiser, who hasbeen in the hospital service as specialst in nervous troubles, is a guest ofhis parents, Mr. and Mrs. John Kiser,in Paris. Dr. Kiser was enlisted bythe Government as specialist in thetreatment of cases of shell-shock andother forms of nervous disorders incident to service in the world-war.Mr. W. F. Turner, son of Mr. andMrs. W. F. Turner, of Paris, a member of the crew of the U. S. S."Salem," sent his parents a beautiful electric lamp made from a threeinch German shell. The unique giftweighs thirty-six pounds and is valued at about $100. Mr. Turner expects to be in Paris in a few days tospend his furlough with his parents.LATEST ON THE T0W?T!Have you seen the new car?OAKLAND MOTOR SALES CO.,108 Tenth Street.(17-3t)onuuis&iuu-eio ctuu newsnaners in ... r- -h o r mir, teach county asking them to aid in ducted by Rev. Dr. Bailey, of Mays-tne plan. i ville and the pastor of the ParisAppeals also have been sent to church, Rev. R. C. Goldsmith, hasministers ana civic organizations. ' closed. A total of twenty-eight adThe comradship and aid-of the G. A. iditions were made to the congregaR., Confederate Veterans' Association inn dnrinsr th hippHtip- rr Ttaiwand the Spanish-American War Vet-' on Phi and Ainnn0nt nit nrotnr" - wwjl.W.V 1U1' M.VX,erans is asked for in the appeal.Three-fourths of the Americandead in France will find their finalresting place in American soil.Answering an inquiry from SenatorChamberlain as to the wishes of relatives, General March, chief of staff,said it was estimated that repliesfrom, relatives' thus far receivedshowed not more than 25 per cent,who expressed a preference that thesoldier's body remain permanentlyin France. With more than fourmillion dead of allied and enemycountries buried in French soil,General March said that the nationwas desirous of proceeding slowlywith the task of exhuming those thatare to be brought to their homelands. No date has yet been set forbeginning the return of American-dead.and his sermons were a powerful factor in promoting the additions to the 'church.ELECTRIC FANS KEEP KOOLtAND KOMFORTABLELargest shipment of Westinghouseelectric, fans ever brought to Parishas just been received. All sizes,styles and prices. See the small bedroom fan it is a comfort almost indispensible. PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.(3-tf)THE HOT WEATHER STOVES'CHAMBERS USELESS GASRANGES.Get a pamphlet and see what youcan save by using a Chambers Fireless Gas Range. Let us show youthis stove it's a wonder.(30-8t) JOHN MERRINGER.For Sale!Floor Show Case 28x36.13 Foot Counter.Two Folding Display Stands.Busy Bee Cash Store,(20-2t)f!?"Ji?"Lieut. Ray Ogden, who before hisenlistment in the Signal Corps ofthe regular army, over a year ago,was an operator in the employ of theLouisville & Nashville, at Paris, hasreturned from overseas, where hewas engaged in field telephone andtelegraph work with the Signal Corpsof the American ExpeditionaryForces. He will resume his old position.Private Alpheus Moore, betterknown as "Soup," and well-known toParis people, is a guest of Parisfriends. Pirvate Moore is a residentof Georgetown, where he enlisted inthe service. He was gassed andwounded three times in action, butmanaged to come back alive and ableto tell all about it. Private Mooretook part in many of the big battlesoverseas. Despite his physical infirmities, Private Moore is cheerfuland happy, and says to be on American soil again is almost compensationfor privations and sufferings.Members of the colored detachmentwho went from Paris and the countyto the country's call to arms are coming home .every day. One of the latest to return is Ben Leer, who hasbeen in France about eleven months.Leer was a member of the infantry,and saw considerable active service.He said that when the transportdocked at Newport News and theboys touched American soil again,the cheers they sent up ought tohave been heard as far as this city.He added that he was surely glad toget back again to the land of "cornbread and fat meat."Sixty-six automobiles belonging topeople from all over Ohioi'and surrou4ing'States, attending the annual commencement at Ohio WesleyMi University, at Delaware, Ohio,were toutiiy aestroyeu a.u au. connutted loffe- of $125,000, when a fire1n a garage threatened to wipe outthe city.Three nouses in. me vii ni.damaged by fire and the occupantsforced to 'flee in their night clothes,T)ut the fire was kept under controland confined principally to the garage. Wltn Uie excepuuu. ui uuee,all of the -automobiles destroyed werelarge ones.oiMany a man gets the reputation ,of Im- . -niter ginmly becaluse he ob-fjeoU to have his money burn a hole I curve, banked to prevent overturnin -some other fellow's pocket. . ling. .Suffering from wounds received inthe battle of Soissons, in France ayear ago, Sergt. Russell Rankin, ofnear Ruddles Mills, is a patient inan army hospital in New York City.Sergt.- Rankin, who was a member ofthe Marines, received severe facialinjuries, being struck in the face andneck by five bullets from Germanmachine guns. Since reaching NewYork three months ago he has undergone three surgical operations.One of the patient's shin bones wasremoved and substituted for a sectionof his jaw bone, which had been shattered by a bullet. Sergt. Rankin'smother, Mrs. Emma Rankin, andMrs. Logan Maffett and Mrs. JohnFennell, of Cynthiana, have gone toNew York.oSAVE $3.00 TO $5.00 ON PALMBEACH SUITS.Our Palm Beaches are now ready.You know our prices are right. Putone on and save from $3.00 to $5.00.L. WOLLSTEIN,(6-tf) 619 Main Street.oB-4 FIREInsure withW.O.tllNTON &SON,Agtso$5,000,000 ITRE LOSS AT LIVERPOOL. A fire broke out on the Alexandradocks in Liverpool, England, Mondaynight. Warehouses with timber,cotton, oil, four hundred barrels ofturpentine and other inflammablematerial blazed fiercely for hoursand are still burning. Several vessels were safely removed from thedanger zone, but a blazing roof fromone warehouse fell on the Americansteamship Norlinda, which was badlydamaged. The crew of the ship escaped. Newspaper dispatches estimate the damage at 1,000,000pounds.SAPETY TURNOUTS.When the path of a speeding automobile is suddenly crossed by a railroad train, the driver generally turnsthe car to the right into the ditch,the fence, or whatever happens toborder the highway at that point.Statistics show more casualties resulting from this natural action thanfrom collision with the train itself.The proposal of a southern road commissioner, calls for a strip of smoothroadway running alongside the railroad at each grade crossing for 100yards or more It would join theright side of the nighway in a broadTHE MOST DARINGINNOVATION IN THEHISTORY OF THEMODERN PHOTO-DRAMAGRANDTODAY ANDOpera HouseTWO DAYS ONLYSATURDAYVISUALIZING BADWOMEN OP ALLAGES AND CLASSESAMIDST THE GLAMOUR OF THEIR SENSUOUS AND TEMPTING BEAUTYJr WBBk vT Sensational Engagement off-f ;JHlfK THE MOST STARTLING ANDMflBtBr U M0ST TAT;KKD ABOUT SUPER rtOBflmJi.!Archie Bell SaysIn the Cleveland-Leader-News:"Less than 10 years ago whenbarefoot dancers were shocking audiences, someone prophesied that thetime would come when they wouldpresent Mother Eve on the stage. Well, that time is here. Maurice Tourneur has made thepicture "Woman," in which Eve's antics in the Garden of Eden are just one episode in the story.But she sets the pace for what is to follow, and as Mrs. Leslie Carter used to say, "The publicisn't interested in good women." Mr. Tourneur must have been of the same opinion, and theyare really much more interesting to look at (in the films at least) in the days of Eve and her otherdaughters scattered over the centuries, "The Photoplay 'Woman' may be 'a trifle naughty butwhen you come to think of it, 'Venus' has been talked about by some of our best people' andprobably appeared to be a trifle skittish to her immediate neighbors. Maurice' Tourneur is anartist and historian, not manufacturer of 'blinders.' " .ADULTS45c Plus 5c War Tax.CHILDREN22c Plus 3c War TaxNOTE By long odds the-most unique and the most daringand unusual drama in theatrical annals. Because of the tremendous expense 'entailed in" securing this production, we arecompelled to increase the admission price- during this engagement. ',ADUItfS45c Plus 5c War TaxCHILDEEN22c Plus 3c War TaxOf(ifof;::iA Truly Audacious Photoplay That You'll Remember! !A vivid, fearless and uncompromising portrayal of the evil that women do in all walks of life A story bold and'startling of the woman of temtation-tbewoman wno lives in-A riot of pleasure-the unfaithful woman the fickleand discontented woman, who always longs for something.' different-the. woman of pergonal purity who adroitlvcauses man to fall but escapes herself-the dangerous woman of vanityand then the woman of noble and WmVcharacter. ;-.- ' " ' eroicMWMMtWMijljWWIM. . . , f Tf mIMI,gttftl hVYAn.-., "tu'0 &. 3..0 "'FRIDAY, JUNE 20, 1919.THE BOTTEBON NEWS. tfPABIS, XKHTBGrj J ?i "'pAgehvx :.tCOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEHAIL INSURANCE.Insure your tobacco againsthail withYERKES & PEED.Prompt and satisfactory adjustments. (june20-tf)oTRY OTJR 755 ELOTJSES.They are well made, good fittersand are bargains at that price.J. W, DAVIS & CO.BOY SCOUTS CAMPAIGN.The campaign to raise the sum of$1,000 in. Bourbon county this weekfor the Boy Scouts campaign isprogressing very satisfactorily underChairman Rudolph Davis' forces.The drive will close to-morrow, whenit is expected the full amount will"be reported or oversubscribed.oSALES OE EDIBLES.The ladies of the Paris Christianchurch are planning a series of Saturday sales to be held in the Wilsonbuilding in the room formerly usedby the Red Cross as a tea room. Thefirst sale will be held to-morrow,Saturday, June 21. Everything goodin the edible line will be offered inthe sale. The patronage of the public is invited.oLATEST ON THE TOWNHave you seen the new car?OAKLAND MOTOR SALES CO.,108 Tenth Street.(17-3t)EffiELESS GAS BANGES.Let us show you the five big pointsin the Chambers Fireless Gas Range.See window display.(30-St) JOHN MERRINGER.oBOUKBON BOY ERACTUBES HEP.The Leiichfield Gazette of a recentissue has the following regarding amishap to a Bourbon county boy:"Charley Henry, 34 years old, ofBourbon county, Ky., was found lastFriday afternoon near the Salt Riverroad in an unconscious condition.He was brought to Leitchfleld andplaced in the care of a physician andis still under treatment, but is on theroad to recovery. He suffered afracture of the hip in the fall andwas otherwise bruised."KNEE BEEP IN SEED.The big floors of the Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse, formerly coveredwith thousands of pounds of the"weed that soothes," and echoing tothe voice of the auctioneer as he disposed of the weed at big prices, arenow covered knee-deep with bluegrass seed. The crop which is theproperty of a local concern, is undergoing the process of "curing." Thishas hitherto been accomplished inopen pastures under direct raysof the sun.oLEAVE YOUR ORBERS NOW : WILLEELL 'THEM LATER.Leave your orders for raspberriesnow. We will fill them later. Tobe sure of getting them you must order NOW.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.oELECTRIC PANS KEEP KOOLf-1 AND KOMP0RTABLE,Largest shipment of Westinghouseelectric fans ever brought to Parishas been received. All sizes, stylesand prices. See the small bed roomfan" it is a comfort almost 'indispensible. - . :PARIS GAS & -ELECTRIC C6.(3-tf) 'o-E. OF P. MEMORIAL EXERCISES.Sunday afternoon, June 29, hasbeen selected as the date for theKnights of Pythias memorial exercises, in this city. The subordinatelodge and the Uniform Rank, together with visiting members fromlodges of surrounding towns, willmarch in a body to the Paris Cemetery, where the graves of the Pythian dead will be decorated. It isexpected that Hon. John J. Howe, ofCarrolton. one of the most eloquentorators in the order, will be presentand deliver the principal address.Short addresses will be made by members of the local lodges. The program of exercises will be publishedin the local press at an early date.SUNDAY SCHOOL PICNICThe Presbyterian Sunday, Schoolwill have an outing at Blue GrassParks next Tuesday, June 24. Aspecial Interurban- car has beenchartered, which will leave the station immpdiptely after the regular2:15 n. ir car. and arrive at thePark about 3.45. Among the attractions offered are the Scenic Railway,Carousel and Swimming Pool. Mr.Bush, of the Traction' -Company,will be in charge, and several expertswimmers will go along. These together with the teachers'and parents,"will make' sure the safety and comfortof the young people.Lunch will be furnished by theCommittee, will be served about sixo'clock and the return trip madeabout 8:30. An afternoon of wholesome sport and. pleasure will be enjoyed by all. Every member is requested to be present at SundaySchool Sunday morning and registerfor the tripincluding those who prefer to goln-automobiles.-so ,that additional transportation can be .arranged for if necessary. It is veryimportant that this be complied vith.SOCIAL Aim PERSONAL.comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Miss Jessie May Fee has returned from a visit to friends in Lexington. Miss Elizabeth Taylor, of Louisville, is a guest of Mr. and Mrs. J NTeeger, in this city.Mrs. Ed. T. Hinton is at the bedside of her sister, Mrs. A. J. Vance,who is ill in a Cincinnati hospital. 'Mr. John Rankin, of near NorthMiddletown, who was brought to theMassie Memorial Hospital some timeago with a broken leg, is recovering.Mrs. Georgia Spears and daughter, Mrs. Wm. Hinton, have as guestMrs. Edwin H. Wickliffe, Sr., of Lexington. Marion Fithian Gilkey, youngson of Dr. J, A. Gilkey, who was operated on at the Massie MemorialHospital, in this city, a few days ago,has returned to his home.Mrs. John Taylor, of Shawhan,who recently underwent a surgicaloperation at the Massie MemorialHospital, in this city, is recoveringand will soon be able to return toher home.Cilfton Hughes, the fifteen-year-oldson of Mr. Hiram Hughes, whorecently underwent an operation atthe Massie Memorial Hospital, in thiscity, for appendicitis, was able to return home Tuesday.Miss Rebecca Purnell will leaveto-day for Ford, Ky., where she willjoin the members of a house partyto be entertained by Miss Nell Bush,of Winchester, at a summer camp onthe Kentucky river.Miss Janie Marsh is very ill atthe home of her parents, in EastParis, threatened with fever. Mr.Marsh, who suffered a slight strokeof paralysis recently, was reportedyesterday as improving.Mr. and Mrs. John Sauer andchildren left Tuesday for a Westerntrip. They will visit relatives inJefferson City, Mo., for several weeks,continuing their trip to California,where they will spend some time.Mr. and Mrs. Norman L. Sampson, "newly-weds," have returnedfrom their bridal trip, and are temporarily residing with Mrs. KateClarke, at the corner of Main andThirteenth streets.Miss Vallette McClintock entertained a number of friends at thehime of her parents, Mr. and Mrs.home of her parents, Mr. and Mrs.party. At the conclusion of thedance delightful refreshments wereserved.Maj. N. Winn Lisle, who hasbeen in Paris several days as a guestof his parents, Mr. and Mrs. D. C.Lisle, has gone to Camp Meade tomake preparations for going toFrance for overseas duty in thearmy service.Miss Elizabeth Crutcher underwent an operation at the Massie Memorial Hospital for removal of tonsils. She was able to be removed toher home -on Stoner avenue yesterday, where she was reported as resting comfortably.Miss Carloyn Roseberry has returned from a visit to Mr. and Mrs.Owsley Brown, in Louisville. Shewas the guest of honor during hervisit in Louisville at a number of informal social functions, one of themost enjoyable being the one givenby Mr. and Mrs. Harry Reid at theRiver Valley; Club.Mr. Rayburn Rice, of Roswell,New Mexico, is a guest of his brother,Mr. Alex T. Rice, and Mrs. Rice andfamily, on Mt. Airy avenue. Mr.Rice made the two-thousand mile tripoverland in his automobile, takinglife easy on the way, making stopsjust where it suited him, and makingthe trip a vacation very much to beenjoyed. ...,.Mrs: William Griffith, MissNancy Griffith, Mrs. Woodford Daniel, Mrs. Catherine Davis Craig andMrs. Edward Prichard attended thewedding of Miss Marguerite Morrisand Mr. Carroll Adams, which tookprace in Lexington, Tuesday morning at the Methodist church. Thebride is a daughter of Mr. and Mrs.John C. Morris, former residents ofa7!?. ' "' ' ' ' I 'Beautilly engraved invitations,worded as follows, have been received in this city and. county by friendsand relatives of the groom-to-be, whois one of the most popular young menin the county:"Mr. and Mrs. Clayton Strode request the honor of your presence atthe marriage of their daughter, Martha Frances, to Mr. Clay Sutherland,on Wednesday afternoon, June twenty-fifth,nineteen hundred and nineteen, at five o'clock, Winchester,Kentucky, First Baptist Church."Miss Frances Hancock left Wednesday morning for Columbus, Ohio,to attend the opening exercises of the3TPAt Mathodist Centenary celebration on June 20, which will continueto July 13. A number of others areplanning to attend the celebration.THE NEWS acknowledges receipt ofan invitation and extension of complimentary privileges to the event,but regret that a press of businessengagements will prevent us from accepting and attending.Miss Louie Bruer was hostess ather home in this city with a dinnerparty in honor of five charter members of the Girls' Missionary Societyof the Methodist church, which wasorganized here about six years agounder her auspices. The dinnerguests were Mrs. Howard B. Carr,,Mrs. Edward Payne and Misses SaraPower, Frances Hancock 'and InaMaddox. The menu, was prepared .a.ndserved under Mfss Bruer's personalsupervision, and the evening wasthoroughly enjoyed by the guestsMrs. John McGinley attendedi, rtTnmpnp.ement exercises of St,Catherine's Academy, in Lexington,m,iacv The address to tbe graduating class was delivered by BishopFerdinand Brossart, oi wviuewu,eiint heintr "The Advantagesof a Christian Education." All thepriests of the city and a numberfrom surrounding towns were .pres--ffnr tile exercises? Miss MargaretDoyle, of this city, was a member ofthe class, receiving a ujpiuiua wicompletion of the course. MissDoyle read an essay on "Liberty."Mrs. Joseph Endriss and son, ofChicago, are guests of Mrs. W. H.Anderson. Mrs. Endriss was formerly Miss Josephine Alexander, amember of the Paris High Schoolfaculty.Motor trips of society people tothe Boonesboro bathing beach arethe order of the day. The delightfull trips, coming and returning, and thebathing m the river, make up anagreeable program.Mrs. Ray Taylor, of Paris, wasone of the guests at a "summer cardparty" given in Georgetown by Mrs.Reuben Ford Offutt and Mrs. WilliamKenney Ferguson, Wednesday. Theaffair was given in honor of MissLouise Lyons, of Steubenville, Ohio,guest of Miss Cornelia Blackburn.Mrs. Robert Ferguson, another Bourbon county guest, captured the second prize, a box of hand-embroideredhandkerchiefs.Mr. Wm. Grannan was hostWednesday evening at his residenceat the corner of Main and Tenthstreets at a six-o'clock dinner to Rev.Father James Cusick, of Ashland, hisnephew, Mr. Leo B. Casey, of Huntington, West Virginia, and Dr. W. B.Montgomery, of Wheeling, West Virginia. During the evening a largenumber of friends called to paytheir respects to Father Cusick, whowas formerly in charge of theChurch of the Annunciation, in thiscity.J. Stuart Wallingford and C.Lenden Templin, of Paris, who graduated in the College of MechanicalEngineering at the University ofKentucky this week, are home toremain a short time. Mr. Wallingford will go to Clintonville, Wis.,where he will take an important position with a large automobile manufacturing concern. Mr. LandenTemplin will go to Philadelphiaabout July 1, where he will be assistant in the office of the consultingengineer of a large producing firm.(Other Personals on Page 3.)SEE THE EIRELESS GAS RANGE.Save fuel, food, time and have convenience, efficiency that is found inusing the Chambers Fireless GasRange. Let us show you the fivegood points.(30-8t) JOHN MERRINGER.oTHE WEATHER.The following is the weather forecast for Kentucky for the remainder of this week, as sent out fromthe Weather Bureau at Washington:Thunderstorms in the northern portions of the State, generally fair inSouthern portions.The weather in this vicinity forthe past week or ten days has beenall that the most ardent "hot-weather-fan"could desire. High temperature, the mercury ranging as high as100 degrees in the shade, have prevailed, and. heavy rains and thunderystorms accompanied by electrical exhibits, have occurred almost daily.No hope of relief is held out by theWeather Bureau, as the hot wave appears to be enveloping the entirecountry.Lost.From the rear of an automobile,Wednesday night, between Secondstreet and East Paris, a man's darkcoat with light green stripes. Finderreturn to this office and receive reward. (20-lt)For Sale.White Plume Celery Plants; excellent stock, at reasonable prices.MRS. W. A. THOMPSON,(20-2t) 1313 High St., Paris, Ky.For Sale!Beautiful large oak sideboard,1also" nice piano and organ big bargains for quick buyers.Busy Bee Cash Store.(20-2t)For Sale!Two Splendid Brussels Carpets; 42feet and 35 feet; two big bargains.Busy Bee Cash Store.(20-2t)Public SaleOFHigh Street Residence!We will sell at public auction, onthe premises at corner of High andEleventh Streets, onThursday, June 26, 1919,At 2 p. m., a four roomnewly painted, belongingcottage,to MissKatie Lenihan. . . .It contains four rooms, hall, backPorch and sDlendid cistern.X.ot 66 feet on High Street, extending back 62 feet on Eleventh Street.This property is admirably located,convenient down town and. in a desirable neighborhood.'TERMS1 Made known on 'day ofsale f ' -"'HARRIS & SPEAKESj(20-2t)HARRY SIMON'SDecided ValuesVoile DressesThis is ideal dress weather and in this delightful showing you'll find somestriking values for hot weather wear. All the wanted shades and colorings areto be seen in the new style ideas.New GeorgetteIn all the latest shadeswe are offering these newHARRY SIMON224-228 West Main St., Lexington, Ky:Main Street, Paris, Ky.gJflMflkMI IUI R Vk yirs. HomeloVer says! :: RTHE d. T. hUNTON GO. P .jjjj has the most complete stock iIS from" which to get your Sj -I Furniture, Rugs, Linoleums, - , M I -Phongraphs and Wall Paper jS E; v ' and that they save you r 5 mI v money. She will tell you -.- I B ,....m: . m - some more next issue. -'' S PJ : ''"tv-1i . , . 'i . B ,"S ' --.'. PV"mm t y j. h -aj t - " . .1 ".-. - I t- j- - ' . ., K ,a " hi ' is1 TMi i; T i-mvrrrvrtj -T B Vall mMmmi llll Xl m. H W H-I MOTOR HEARSE WoR INVALID COACH: UNDERTAKING B '"J OTMERPViONE" 36 SIXTH AND MAIN STS BOffered InAt$15 to $25and trimmings for mid-summer wear. Then, too, wehats at unusual prices.i ;'..-.sat.iMMyMMMjMpyHIHatsI1!X-,VI FRIDAY, JUNE 20, 191?. 'r PAGE SIX"fT I"'1 ,,,3Ff"W!"Mr,pr"THE BOTOBOH UEWS, PAEIS, KENTUCKYflOH CBERRT-BL63S0M LAND Tlip TAY lAWCAMEKICANS AND GREASEESCLASH IN MEXICO.IItjHt!uI.11I!UIIIThe Japanese Give Good ExampleIt is a proverb of CherryBlossom Landthat beauty offace and figure dependon womanlyhealth.What is itthat makes ourAmerican women often pale;sallow-faced,with dark circles under theeyes, and veryoften old atforty-five whenthey should bein their prime?Women suffer in girlhoodfrom backache, spine-ache and headaches, followedby irregularities and as a result diseasesot the womanly organs are more commonthan any one but a physician in activepractice could suppose.After long experience in the treatmentof women's diseases, Dr. Pierce evolved avegetable tonic and corrective which hecalled Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription.3nis is a purely vegetable preparation,.without a particle of alcohol contained5nit.When a woman complains of backache,dizziness or pain when everything looksblack before her eyes a dragging feeling,or bearing-down, with nervousness, sheshould turn to this "temperance" herbaltonic. It can be obtained in almost everydrug store in the land and the ingredientsare printed in plain English on thewrapper. Put up in tablets or liquid.Dr. Pierce, of Invalids' Hotel, Buffalo,IN. Y., will send a trial size of thetablets for ten cents.Everybody Laugh!The girl who laughs because she issunny-hearted, and finds thingsto enjoy as she goes along, adds enjoymentto others as they go along. There issomething in a smile that calls outa smile, and spontaneous laughter isthe most catching thing in the world.No one who hears a joyous laugh islikely to scowl in response.As a general thing, no shirt is pretty enough, to justify its visibilitythrough, the slit in a pinchback coat.jOUEF JUSTICE JOHN D. CARROLLDemocratic Candidate ForGOVERNORI He Cmxt Win in November,(june20-5t)'XIXIKIKIKIIX1KIK1lxIJXIkljPJUtm MiWbCJtIBourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4Thek 3L- imMPSs&K-' J&1 x .Bourbon Laundr jrlaris, Kentucky ' s "XVSVl1X3;viev;Chief Justice Carroll's ProposedAmendment An Increase InRevenue and No Increase InTaxesChief Justice John D. Carroll's planof taxation is to exempt lands andtown lots from all state taxes. Counties will not be required to assumeany obligation now taken care of bythe state. The state will have asmuch or more money as it now hasand will use it for the same purposethat it is now used.$3,500,00 will be taken off of realestate and $4,500,000 will be collectedannually by the state in the place ofIt from other sources, as follows :1. Franchise tax-paying corporations, banks and trust companies, willpay all taxes except for graded schoolsand municipalities to the state, butthe total taxes paid on this propertysnail be not more than Is now paid.The additional revenue from tillssource will be not less than $2,000,000.2. All intangible personal propertywill be assessed. Not less than $1,000,UU0 additional will be collected fionithis source.3. The state will save more than$300,000 which is now paid for assessing and collecting taxes on real estate.4. An adequate system for collecting inheritance taxes will enable thebtate to collect not less than $400,000additional... By a revision of the license taxlaws, more than $300,000 additionalcan be collected.C. Elimination of useless expensesfor salaries and other purposes willsave the state not less than $500,000.OF LOCAL INTEREST.Some People We Know, and We WillProfit by Hearing About Them.This is a purely local event.It took place in Paris.Not in some faraway place.You are asked to investigate it.Asked to believe a citizen's wordTo confirm a citizen's statement.Any article that is endorsed athome is more worthy of confidencethan one you know nothing aboutendorsed by unknown people.Floyd H. Rankin, grocer, Lillestonavenue and Locust street, says: "Ihave used Doan's Kidney Pills off andon for years and have been greatlybenefited by them. At times I havesuffered severely with kidney compalint. My back often pained meand was lame most all the time.The kidney secre'tions were too frequent in passage and greatly annoyed me. When I have been this way,I have always found that a box ofDoan's Kidney Pills has never failed to cure me of the attack in shortorder."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Rankin, had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)oOur position simply is that nopreacher who is himself a marriedman ought to expect a June bride tolove, honor and obey anybody.XIIXIXWest Fifh StreetMIXISATISFACTIONXIXOUR WATCHWORD!IXIWith all the latest improve-W ments in laundry appliances Iana expert neipers we areprepared to do work inferior to none, and solicitVIXIXIXIXI5 y.oiir patronage.X!IXHXIEL PASO, TEXAS, June 19.American troops who participated inVia niinitivp fvTp.dition aeramst theVilla rebels in and near Juarez Sunday night and Monday were billetedMonday night in barracks and campson the American side after 24 hoursof campaigning.Seven ragged Mexican prisonerswere headed toward Ft. Bliss by adetachment of the Fifth Cavalry,while another cavalry detachmentdrove a herd of 100 captured Mexican horses and ponies to the remountstation.It was stated unofficially Mondaynight at Ft. Bliss that approximatelybv Vina ionowers were Kinea.One American of the Seventh Cavalw. Comoral Chieras. was shotthrough the lung by a Mexican rebel.Alter crossing aurmg aunaaynight the cavalry column, supportedby a battalion of the Eighty-secondArtillery, advanced and at daybreakbegan a scouting tour.Capturing the seven prisoners before reaching the Villa camp, thecavalry was enabled to proceed, dismounted, to a short distance of theadobe headauarters. when fierhtine'was begun by the Americans standing in water up to tneir Knees.Four Villa men were killed in thefirst assault and the entire force,numbering approximately 200 men,mounted and escaped' toward thesouthwest, with the cavalry troopsin pursuit.The rebel scattered into smallbands, the Fifth Cavalry pursuingone band 35 miles.,.In the meantime the SeventhCavalry deployed to the southeastand pursued another band. TroopsA and C executed a mounted pistol charge from the saddle andkilled a number of the rebels. Theartillery placed shrapnel directly overthe heads of the fleeing Villa forceand many were killed.After the pursuit the two cavalryforces formed a junction and returned to the American side of theriver, accompanied by the artilleryand Eighth Engineers.The seven Mexican prisoners professed to be either farmers in thevalley or Carrnza soldiers, none admitting having been with Villa.Only the cavalry was engaged withthe rebels at noon, the artillery firing in the vicinity of San Lorenzohaving ceased.Orders issued at the district headquarters for the operation of American troops in Mexico read as follows: "In the absence of any importantreasons to the contrary you will withdraw your entire command and recross the border to the .United Statesat noon."This is not considered an order forthe recall of the pursuing cavalry,but indicated the strong desire of themilitary authorities to withdraw assoon as the objective, which was thedispersing of the Villa bands and thestopping of firing in the UnitedStates, had been accomplished.American troops sent into Mexicoto stop the indiscriminate firingacross the border fought their firstgeneral engagement with the Mexican rebel forces of Francisco Villaat the Juarez race track shortlyafter 6 o'clock Monday morning andthe Americans were victorious.Villa's troops were driven fromthe raace track by rifle and machinegun fire, and many prisoners werereported taken by the United Statescavalry, which took up positions onthe east and southeast of the track,according to an official report at military headquarters.The Mexican rebels and Federaltroops fought in the streets of JuarezSaturday night and Sunday night,many on both sides being killed.Many bullets from the rebel gunscame across the Rio Grande, and twopersons were killed and seven wounded on the American side.When the Mexican bullets becametoo thick for the safety of citizensof El Paso, Brigadier General J. B.Erwin ordered American troops tocross the border, and in 10 minutesafter the order was issued 3,600United States soldiers were in Mexico. WASHINGTON, June 19. Therecan be no misunderstanding betweenthe governments of the United Statesand Mexico, regarding the movementof troops across the border at El jPasoSecretary Baker said Monday. Thesole purpose, he said, was protectionof the American side of the border,and there is a distinct understandingbetween the governments for suchaction.CATARRHAL DEAFNESS CANNOTBE CUREDBy local application, as they cannotreach the diseased portion of the ear.There is only one way to curecatarrhal deafness, and that is by aconstitutional remedy. Catarrhaldeafness is caused by an inflamedcondition of the mucous lining of theEustachian Tube. When this tube isinflamed you have a rumbling soundor imperfect hearing, and when it isentirely closed, deafness is the result.Unless the inflammation can be reduced and this tube restored to itsnormal condition, hearing will bedestroyed forever. Many cases ofdeafness are caused by catarrh whichis an inflamed condition of the mucous surfaces. Hall's Catarrh Medicine acts through, the blood on themucous surfaces of the system.We will give one hundred dollarsfor any case of Catarrh Deafness thatcannot be cured by Hall's CatarrhMedicine. Circulars free. All Druggists, 75c.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio,(june-adv)oTo stabilize their trade and seenrp.uniformity, in, the manufacture of$aT nrrvilimta Tan'onooA. 11.,iJL:o Ip.f jwwv, i,, yiujpmtrvno mntiiiTonriiroro hoirn fr-rjorganization with a capital of $7,000,000. oDistance lends enchantment to the'view, u.t. mpstQf us, practice Jt .looking into the f past rather IHan, intothe future.BrY'Royal Cora- 'Nobby' 'Chokk' ITscoft a UmKmi JtAmMmm fflQn JB I RlliWe KNOW United States Tires are good tires. That's why we sell them.PAEIS GAIUGE (Eugene Eoberts) Paris, Ky,RUGGLES MOTOR CO Paris, Ky,IdlLLERSBTJRG HARDWARE CO., Mfflcrsirarg, Ky,J. W. MITCHELL & SON North Middletown, Ky.SECRETARY GLASS ISSUES"THRIFT SUNDAY"PROCLAMATIONWhen real service for the upbuilding and betterment of the nation andcommunity is needed, we naturallylook to the churches of the countryfor their loyal assistance and cooperation. During the war they held itrue to their faith and justified theconfidence that all those in authority placed in them as being instruments upon which they could relyfor the co-operation and assistance inall the activities of the governmentnecessary to the successful prosecution of a just and righteous war.The peace-time needs of the nation and the community are asgreat, and should be as inspiring tothe churches as are the war-timeneeds. Many of the things that wedo under the pressure of war areequally necessary and valuable intimes of peace, but it sometimes happens that it needs the shock andforce of a war to bring these to ourattention.In no case is this more true thanin that of saving and thrift. Underthe strain and menace of war wewere obliged to practice thrift andeconomy. We did it for the sake ofthe country without thought of personal gain or personal interest. Inthis the churches stood solidly behind the government and rendereduntold assistance. While helpingthe government meet its needs wewere learning much that we shouldknow and piactice during the periodof readjustment and peace-time development following the happy conclusions of the war.The Treasury Department pledgesits full aid in making the habitsof real thrift, thoughtful and intelligent use of money, and activities ofthe American people. tWith idea ofpromoting this habit among the people and affording theaji an opportunity to invest their aavtags safelyand carefully and at the same time,by so investing them, to obtain anincreased participation iii the government and take a more intelligent interest in our government and its activities, the. , Treasury department, iscontinuing the Savings Campaign,aiiyd the sale of Savings .and. 'ThriftStamps. We hope that we can relyon the- pastors and .members, of allthe churches of this country to support the government in the activitywljich wJU mean better, citizens, better communities',' and a better, .cbuatry. .. .(Signed) CATT,ER GLASS,. Secretary of the Treasury.Tillie Clinger says that the reasonshe isn't getting on. very well withher new-boss, is because when, he saidher waist was too thin she told himit ras, thicker than her pay-envelope.NoticeThey're scientifically placed toprevent skids and those dangerousside slips.. Their f irm,snre grip means safety.And yet, they don't "fight the road."Just the tires for our kind of roadsThere are four other United States 'Tires every one of them a goodtire.No matter what your individualneeds may be, we can fill them.United States Tiresare Good TiresTUdnThe ImprovedMccormickBINDERThey are scarce and the dealers andjobbers are 'way behind with their orders.If you want the best, a McCORMICK, buyNOW while we have them.The Best Binder Twinein the World.C. S. BallFourth and Pleasant Street,the Nobsi iMW-t- -z'I FRIDAY, JUNE 20, 1919.THE BOTJUBOU NEWS, . PAHS, KEHOTG1TTABtssrri2vwtibacK?iGERMJlNS eeceive the petalPEACE CONDITIONS.KW-THE MOSTDANGEROUS DISEASENo organs of the human body are soimportant to health and Ions; life as thelcidneys. When thy slo-w i;p and commence to las in their duties, look out:Find outAvhat the trouble is withoutdelay. Whenever you feel nervous,weak, dizzy, suffer from sleeplessness,or have pains in the back -vake uoat once. Your lcldneys need help. Thesiare signs to warn you that your Kidneys are not performing- their functions properly. They are only halfdoing their work and are allowing- impurities to accumulate and be converted into "r-c acid and other poisons,which are causing you distress and willdestroy you unless they are drivenfrom your system.Get some GOLD MEDAL Haarlem OilCapsules at once. They are an old, triedpreparation used all over the world forcenturies. They contain only old-fashioned,soothing oils combined withstrength-giving and system-cleansingherbs, well known and used by physicians In their dally practice. GOLDMEDAL Haarlem Oil Capsules are imported direct from the laboratories InHolland. They are convenient to take,and will either give prompt relief oryour money will be refunded. Ask forthem at any drug store, but be euro toget the original imported GOLDMEDAL brand. Accept no substitute.In sealed packages. Three sizes.MXClRinOHIO GENERAL ASSEMBLY RATIFIES SUFFRAGEAMENDMENT.COLUMBUS, O., June 19. TheOhio General Assembly Monday ratified the federal woman suffrageamendment and immediately thereafter passed a bill that will give Ohiowomen the right to vote for Presidential electors in 1920 should thefederal amendment not be in effectat that time. The vote on ratification was 73 for to 6 against in ther r&aie investmentsYielding from4o to 7foWriti for Otr Jin Iivtstntiit ListJAMES C. WILLSON & CO.211 S. Fifth St.. LOUISVILLE, KY.House and in the Senate 27 for to 3against.In transmitting the proposed suffrage amendment to the LegislatureGovernor James M. Cox urged ratification and gave three special reasons why woman should be grantedequal suffrage with men. Theywere:"First What is offered now toour women was their right long ago."Second Bestowal of the rightof suffrage will be regarded as partrecognition for service and sacrificeduring the war."Third The nation and the worldneed the expressed mother voice asan element of safety when evils lieabout."Only a fair representation ofwomen, chiefly suffrage leaders,were "present in the cralleries -wTipti; the vote on the federal resolution andthe State suffrage bill were taken.They were given permission to cheerin the House by Speaker Kimball,and this they did with considerableenthusiasm.ODSouthern Optical Co.IncorporatedManufacturers of Perfect-FittingSPECTACLES ANDEYE GLASSESKrypioks Artificial EyesInvisible Bifocal LenaTO PREVENT BELCHINGMake a regular habit of eatingslowly, masticate your food thoroughly, and you may have no furthertrouble. If you should, take one ofChamberlain's Tablets immediatelyctitei tuy per.(june-adv)Make Use of OurTraction ExpressKy. Traction & TerminalCo.PARIS, June 19. The final replyof the Allied and Associated Powersto the conditions of peace handed tothe Germans at Versailles May 7 wasdelivered to the German delegationMonday and made public shortlyafterward.The Germans are allowed sevendays to accept or refuse the treatyas it stands.If they accept, peace will be signedat once; if they do not accept thearmistice will terminate on Monday,June 23, before 6 p. m., and thePowers will take such steps as may benecessary to enforce their terms.The principles of the original conditions have been upheld vigorouslyas establishing a peace of justice, butcertain modifications in detail andmany explanations of the effect ofexecution are. made.The reply is in two parts a general covering letter and seriatim discussions of the general counter-proposals.The changes include:A plebiscite for Upper Silesia, withguarantee of coal from trie territory.Frontier rectification in WestPrussia.Omission increase of the Germanarmy from 100,000 to 200,000 men.Declaration of the intention tosubmit within a month of signaturea list of those accused of having violated the laws and customs of war.Offer to co-operate with a Germancommission on reparations, and toreceive suggestions for dischargingthe obligation.Certain detailed modifications inthe finance, economic and ports andwaterways clauses, including abolition of the proposed Kiel Canal Commission. Assurance of membership in theLeague of -Nations in the early future if Germany fulfills her obligations. The omission of a provision for anallied civilian commission to controlthe administration on the left bankof the Rhine from the revised treaty,it is explained, was due to the factthat this is considered as a supplementary convention between Germany and the all:ed and associatedPowers. It was not necessary, therefore, to include it in the treaty.The covering letter is from M.Clemenceau, President of the peaceconference, to Count von BrockdorffRantzau, President of the Germandelegation.INTERURBAN SCHEDULECARS LEAVELexington ForParisA. M. 6.00xA. M. 7:20A. M. 8:50A. M. 10:20A. M. 11.50Paris ForLexinetonA. M. 6:45A. M.A. M.A. M.4th & Chestnut StaLOUISVILLE, KY.1:202:504:206:007:209:10P. M. 11:00P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.7:15x8:159:45A. M. 11:15P. M. 12:45P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.P. M.2:153:455:156:508:15P. M. 10:05(x) Daily except Sunday.KENTUCKY TRACTION AND TERMINAL COMPANYSKHiiiiuiiiiiMiMiiiiHiiiimimiiiHHBninBrighten the 1Momiag' Mealwith a hot drink that gives re-freshing invigoration.CHRONIC CONSTIPATIONPerhaps you have never thought ofit, but this disorder is due to a lackof moisture inthe residual of thefood. If you will drink an abundanceof water, eat raw fruits and take lotsof outdoor exercises, you may be ableeventually to overcome it entirely.In the meantime use the most mildand gentle laxatives. Strong andharsh cathartics take-too much waterout of the system and make a badmatter worse. Chamberlain's Tabletsare easy and pleasant to take, andmost agreeable in effect. Give thema trial.(june-adv)HOWTHEY DO THE WORK INWASHINGTON.PThe OriginalHSTITM I FlF W XL W & 1 &r ..PZL&Jis so pleasing and satisfyingI that it has completely taken theplace of tea and coffee in manyhomes everywhere,,1 Try this healthful Drink and1 note results. eTwo sizes, usually s$ld at 15z and 25c.f At Grocers Everywhere!niiiuimiHiuiimuOTiirnaiiininaijiniiHiinaHniiHSinniiiiiiiniiiniiiimiii?The capacity and capabilities ofthe government printing office atWashington was demonstrated theother night when the so-called German peace treaty of one hundredthousand words, was put in type intwo hours. As soon as the copy wasdelivered to the superintendent itwas cut into 48 "takes" and 48 machine operators got busy. The taskwas taken as a matter of course andwas done by the regular night force.The matter took up 64 pages of theCongressional Record, 35,000 copiesof which were printed. It also is tobe printed in circular form and begenerally distributed. As the document is riot authentic and if it werea real copy it would be subject tochanges and its costly publication isnot only a breach of faith and aneffort to snub Wilson, but playinginto the hands of the Germans.President Wilson had asked the Senate not to consider the document tillhe presented an authorized copy andthe premature publication of a purloined copy is sure to widen thebreach between the Senate and him.THE DOCTOR AWAY PROM HOMEWHEN MOST NEEDEDA MAN AND HIS WIFEmay both derive saiisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings us.LEVY, THE DRY . CLEANERCumberland Phons 40 Home Phone 169People are often very much disappointed to find that their physicianis away from home when they mostneed his services. Diseases like painin the stomach are bowels, colic anddiarrhoea require prompt traetmentand have in many instances provenfatal before medicine could De procured or a physician summoned. Theriht wav is to keen at hand a bottleof Chamberlain's Colic and DiarrhoeaRemedy. No physician can prescribea better medicine for these diseases.By having it in the house you escapemuch pain and suffering and all risk.Buy it now; it may save life.(june-adv)oTHE WISE DEACON.The short-haired woman and longhaired men in Nod way county, Mo.,lhave taken up the Demon Tobaccoas the next victim of prohibition.One of the sisters approached ElderJohnson, a pillar of the church, andasked his support in the fight againsttobacco. And this was Elder Johnson's reDlv. as printed in the Noda-Jway County Democrat-Forum:"A man can smoke ana still oe agdbd Christian. Universal smokingwould do more toward bringingabout universal brotherhood of manand the Fatherhood of God era onearth than all the spasms of shorthaired women and long-haired menreformers in the world. Do I believein smoking? Most assuredly! Letus pray!"oPorto Rican children, members ofthe Junior Red Cross, have gathered"huano," a ve'getable material, forpillows, to be used locally for thebenefit of their soldiers. The RedCross has discovered many useful materials hitherto unused.' TtA big new discoveryin cigarette blendingThe big thing about Chesterfields is theirunique blend The Chesterfield blend is anentirelynew combination of tobaccos. Itisamostimportant development in cigarette making.As a result, Chesterfields, deliver a new kindof cigarette enjoyment just like a "bite"before bedtime when you're hungry theySATISFY!It took the finest selections of TURKISHand DOMESTIC tobaccos and no end of skilland patient experiment to get this blend rightWas it worth it? Say just smoke aChesterfield fresh from the moisture-proofpackage. You'll say it was worth it, all right!Q(atM4Umm(eCIGARETTESof Turkish and Domestic tobaccos -blendeda splendidcombinationof aromaticTurkishtobaccosfrom XanthiCavallaSmyrnaand Samsonijs-three ofthechoicestvarietiesofDocaestietobaccos(rownand sonly thebest gradeof eacheafefolkfltfolblendingD7secrett processthatcannotbecopied&ai.WSEFSDiQ VERSAL ARRUGGLES16 Bank Row, Paris, Ky."-VTHE BOUBBON HEWS, -PABIS, KEHOTCTYFRIDAY, JUNK 2$, 1811. "THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMOADMISSIONAdults Ticket 18c; WarTax2c-20cChildren and Gallery .Ticket 9c; War Tax 1 c 1 0cTO-DAY, FRIDAYAlamo Only Afternoon and EveningLILA LEEMONDAY, JUNE 23rdAlamo and GrandEthel Clayton"INEIGHTMLAJI-fel"PUPPY LOVE55Love, comedy and drama, all in one picture. And it's a wonder.Sty is Xiila Lee. .She shows you. the problems of a juvenile village vampand how to meet them. All the young hearts are at her feet but one.And the captivating of him. is the picture.Ruth Roland "The Tiger's TrailCowboys, bandits, adventure, treachery, heroism, thrills!TO-MORROW, SATURDAYAlamo Only Afternoon and Evening, FRED STONEIN"Johnny Get Your Gun"All you want to know before you get your hat to come down andsee this picture is that Fred Stone is in it, and he's so full of highspirits and tricks that you would think he had drunk a barrel of champagne! but he hasn't, it's just Fred and his Little Ways (?)SMILING BILL, PARSONSIN'WANTED, A BABY"IN66Pettigrew's Girl55This chorus girl welcomed a poor man with open arms, although sherejected a millionaire suitor to do it.Why did she smash the traditions of her profession? Why didn'tshe "grab him"? Come to see, won't you?Paramount-Sennett Comedy"EAST LYNN WITH VARIATIONS"and Burton Holmes Travel Picture$MLLLERSBURGoMATRIMONIAL.Mr. M. E. Pruitt was in Moore- A marriage license was issuedland, Monday and Tuesday.Mrs. M. B. Bickers, of Georgia, isthe guest of her cousin, Mrs. M. E.Pruitt.The local W. C. T. U. met Tuesday afternoon at the home of MissEugenia Wadell.Mrs. Neppie Rigdon left yesteri&a lor a visit to Mrs. Burdette Walton, in Lexington.Mr. L. T. Vimont, of Newport,arrived Tuesday as the guest of hismother, Mrs. Martha Vimont.The Millersburg Chautauqua willopen on Monday, truly 14, and willcontinue through the week.Mr. and Mrs. C. W. Corringtonleft Thursday for a visit to hermother, Mrs. Adella Miller ,and otherrelatives, at Atlanta, Ga.' Mrs. C. B. Smith has returnedfrom, the St. Joseph Hospital, Lexington, where she has been undertreatment for a short time.- Mrs. Neppie Rigdon has sold herrr --aurant and butcher shop to Mr.F" ; nk Fussnecker & Son, who willtai o possession next Monday.Mrs. E. H. Kerr and Mr. andMrs. E. D. Baldwin are at the bedside of Mrs. Martha Baldwin, who is (seriously ill at her home in May3Tille. r Mr. Arthur Thomason and family,, who have been guests of Mr. E.B. Thomason for the past two weeks,returned Tuesday to their home inChicago.Miss Alfa Ball and niece, MissMabel Metcalfe, will leave Tuesdayfor a visit to Mrs. A. C. Strode, atChester, Montana. Mrs. Strode is asister of Miss Ball.Mrs. George W. Johnson, whorecently underwent a serious surgicaloperation at St. Josephs Hospital, inLexington, is improving, and, willsoon be able to return home.Mrs. Martha Vimont returnedSunday after a week's visit to herdaughter, Mrs. W. A. Munsing, atMaysville, accompanied by her son,Mr. W. A. Vimont, for the day.Dr. W. G. Dailey left for Martinsville, Ind., Tuesday, accompanied"by Mrs. John Conway, who will beunder treatment there for the nextIwo days. Dr. Dailey will returnSaturday.Lieut. R. W. Gardner, Mrs. Gardner and little daughter have returnedto their home in Frankfort after avisit to Rev. and Mrs. G. W. Gardner,of this city. Lieut. Gardner has recently returned..from France.The work- of enlarging theFarmers Bankand postoffice, beganTykaday. Mr. Evans and family havemoved from the flat above to rooms inthe Ingels Flat. The postoffice wasmoved Thursday to the property oftngels heirs, occupied by Mr. D. E.Clarke. The bank will move later toa part of the dry goods store ofIngels Bros. The Bourbon HomeTelephone exchange will continue todo business in the building.Messrs. Sanford Allen, WilliamD. Mclntyre, G. S. Allen, J. M. Alverson, G. S. Allen, O. T. Moffett,James Ellington, J. T. Judy, Dr. W.G.Daily, J. H. Burroughs, O. W. Ingelsand Dr. F. A. Herbert, all of Millersburg, were entertained with a dinnerat the Phoenix Hotel, in Lexington,by Mr. W. P. Averett. After dinnerthe party went to see "The StrongerVow" at the Strand. Mr. Fred P.Frisbie, a friend of all the visitors,was also a member of the genialcrowd.oMONEY EIGHT IN YOUR HANDPOR EGGS, POULTRYAND JUNK.from the office of County ClerkPearce Paton, Tuesday, to Miss Margaret Pence, of Lancaster, and Mr.Jennings B. Crump, of Millersburg.NICHOLS VICE.Mr. William Walter Vice, ofBath county, and Mrs. Edith Nichols, of Nicholas county, were marriedin the parlors of the Windsor Hotel,Wednesday, by Rev. G. S. Combs,pastor of the Paris Methodist church.JACOBS POWELL.Cupid keeps busy desipte theweather. Hot or cold his darts keeppiercing susceptible hearts. AndrewPowell and Miss Clara Jacobs, bothof Lexington, are among his latestvictims. They came to Paris, secureda marriage license from County ClerkPearce Paton, and were married byCounty Judge Batterton in his private office in the court house.Highest cash price for eggs,poultry, hides and junk... MUNICH & WIDES CO.,,(ll-tf ) Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.KENTUCKY GIANT IS A VERYHAPPY MAN.One of the proudest and happiestmen in Kentucky is W. T. Pruitt,of Rockcastle county, aged sixty, whoalso believes he is the heaviest manin the State, as he weighs 512pounds. It is not that he is so proudof his unusual weight, because, although it gives him somewhat of anadvantage over his fellowmen insome ways, it is perhaps somethingof a. handicap otherwise; but he rejoices in two children, a son and adaughter, and sixteen, grandchildren,all of whom are residents of Rockcastle county. H. T. 'Prewitt, theson, has several boys and one girl,and the daughter, Mrs. Mary Wiggins, has seven girls and one son.oSome people flatter themselvesthat even their brains are taxed,BREWSTER REMINGTONRelatives in this city and countyhave received engraved cards announcing the wedding in Overland,Mo., of Mr. Edward Remington, formerly of Paris, now residing in EastSt. Louis, HI.Mr. Remington was married inOverland on Tuesday, June 17, toMiss Mabel Harriet Brewster, of thatcity. They will be at home afterAugust 1, at Overland, Mo.Mr. Remington is a brother of Mr.William Remington, editor of theParis Democrat, Mr. Frank Remington and Mrs. Mayme' Remington Parrish, all of Paris; Mr. Frazier Remington, of California; Mrs. AliceFisher, of Carlisle, and Mrs. WilliamHoward, Sr., of Richmond.He was for many years clerk in theshoe store of the late Mr. Thos. F.Roche, in Paris. Going West he became manager of the Douglas ShoeCo. Store, in St. Louis, which position he resigned to accept a conductorship in the Pullman Car servicebetween St. Louis and Mexico City.He is now manager of the DouglasShoe Co.'s store in East St. Louis, Iill.He was one of the most popular Parisboys who ever emigrated West, andhis popularity followed him. He is ason of the late Mr. and Mrs. B. F.Remington.f who gave her in marriage, the groomentering with his best man, Mr.Charles Michler. The groomsmencame singly down the side aisles andformed a circle at the altar. Theywere Mr. R. B. Finley, Louisville;David Dudley, Earlington; ChesterJewett, Cynthiana, and Prof. N. R.Elliott, of Lexington.The bride was preceded to the altarby little Miss Dorothy Nichols, theflower girl, who was daintily dressedin white organdie with pink sashesand hair ribbon. Her flower basketwas filled with white daisies.The bride's costume was of midnight blue, her corsage of pink sweetpeas and blue delphiniums.Mr. and Mrs. Adams left immediately after the ceremony for a tripto Columbus, Chattanooga and Atlanta. They will be at home afterJuly 1, at Beaufort, South Carolina.Those from a distance to attendthe wedding were the bride's mother,Mrs. J. C. Morris, and sister, Mrs.James G. Roney, of Marshall, Texas;Mr. J. C. Morris was unable to bepresent.oNEGROES ENGAGE IN A CUTTINGSCRAPE.WHEAT HARVEST PROBLEM.Two negroes, Will Graves andChas. Jett, members of a crew of menengaged in stripping bluegrass seedfor Mr. E. J. Burris, on the Clayfarm, near Paris, became involved inan argument Wednesday. Gravesslashed Jett with a knife, cutting themuscles of the right arm to the boneand almost serving his right hand.Graves fled through the fields andcaught an outgoing interurban car toLexington, where he was interceptedand placed under arrest, upon telephonic information from PatrolmanRobert LtiSk to Chief of Police Reagan. Jett wag rushed to the MassieMemorial Hospital, where his injuries were given attention.Patrolman LUSk went to Lexington and brought Grayes to Paris. Hewas given a hearing yesterday beforeJudge George Batterton, in theCounty Court, on a charge of malicious cutting and wounding, andassessed a fine of $50 and costs andgiven thirty days in jail at hardlabor.oMONEY RIGHT IN YOUR HANDFOR EGOS, POULTRYAND JUNK.O'NEILL WHITE.Miss Clara O'Neill, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. Frank O'Neill, and Mr.M. Clark White, both former residents of Paris, will be married inPhiadelphia, Saturday afternoon,June 28, in the Presbyterian church,at five o'clock.The announcement is of great interest here, where both the prospective bride and groom resided manyyears. Miss O'Neill moved to Philadelphia last August with the othermembers of her family. She is ayoung woman of many lovely gracesof character. She is. a talented musician, and was for several years organist at the Paris Christian church.Mr. White was instructor in mathematics in the Paris High School forseveral terms, resigning his positionto answer his country's call to thecolors at the beginning of the greatworld war. Since the close of thewar he has been engaged in Y. M. C.A. work in New York City. At present he is one of the secretaries ofMrs. Vincent Astor's Y. M. C. A.work in New York, at Battery Park.He is a young man of sterling qualities and very popular here. Prof.Clark formerly resided in Mexico,Mo. He is a graduate of Transylvania University, at Lexington.Following the ceremony, whichwill be performed in the presenceofonly the immediate relatives andintimate friends the couple will ge toNew York to reside. They will be athome to their friends at No. 106West 74th Street.The prospective bride and groomhave the best wishes and advancecongratulations of a host of friendsin their former home.Highest cash price for eggs,poultry, hides and junk.MUNICH & WIDES CO.,(11-tf) Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.oCUT THOSE WEEDS!MOORE ADAMS.The marriage of Miss Marguerite Morris, daughter of Mr. andMrs. John Caleb Morris, formerly ofParis, to Mr. Carroll Sidney Adams,of Beaufort, S. C, was solemnizedTuesday morning at 10 o'clock at theFirst Methodist Episcopal Church,South, in Lexington. Dr. G. E. Cameron was the officiating minister.The altar was decorated withpalms, ferns and white daisies. Before the ceremony Miss Emma WillisRow sang "At Dawning" and "0,Promise Me7' Mrs. Cullis, at the organ, rendered a pleasing musical program. The bride entered on the arm ofher brother, Mr. J. C.vMorris, Jr.,Is that weed patch yours? Cutthem down. The city is just as responsible as a private owner, andshould not overlook an opportunityto set an example for others to follow. Some vegetable matter may bepretty and pleasing to the eye, andyet be a menace to the health of thecommunity.The Board of Health will enforcethe ordinance regarding the cuttingof weeds in the city. They must becut within five days from date of thisnotice.A. H. KELLER,City Health Officer. ,Paris, Ky., June 17, 1919.(17-3t)oPRESIDENT TO MAKE FIRSTSPEECH IN CINCINNATIHarvesting a two hundred millionbushel wheat crop is a serious problem which Kansas faces to be accomplished within a few weeks.Wheat cutting cannot be put off.State Farm Labor Director Frizell,of Larned, calls for 220,000 men toharvest the crop, more than half thisimmense army of workers . to bebrought in from other States. Thereare still in the army, unavailable forharvest hands, more than twice asmany men as a year ago, and Kansas is therefore shorthanded to an extent that it has never been before.With high wages in other occupations it is not easy to induce men tocome into the wheat harvest. Thepay is good enough, but the job doesnot attract men who have permanent employment. For harvest handsKansas must rely largely on formermen in the S. A. T. C."If the wheat isn't harvested assoon as it is ripe, it is lost," Mr.Frizell told Kansas City last week."We can put off our corn, our hayand our alfalfa, but we can't put offwheat. The crop this year is goingto be worth $475,000,000."It is worth a supreme effort to savethe whole of it.oBUYS BLUEGRASS HORSE.Dr. Lee T. Cooper, formerly ofParis, and now residing in Dayton,Ohio, where he is one of the proprietors of the "Tanlac" remedy, recently purchased of Giles Bros., ofScott county, a good bay gelding byDandy Jim, out of a daughter ofStar McDonald. The horse was educated by Kenney McAllister, ofGeorgetown, who made the sale.CHURCHES TO OBSERVE "THRIFTSUNDAY, JUNE 22.Thrift Sunday is to be observedthroughout the country on June 22.On this date every minister in Kentucky will be asked to deliver theirSunday sermon on "Thrift" and toread the message of Secretary of theTreasury Carter Glass to their peopleon War Savings and Thrift.The project has been launched bythe Savings Division, War Loan Organization of the Treasury Department, which has started a nationwide movement to conserve the wartaught habits of thrift, which hasmet with the hearty approval frommany interests and organizations.Every man, woman and child inthe United States will be asked toconsider and discuss on Thrift Sunday the present necessity for economy and its permanent value to personal community and national prosperity. "Thrift and savings are the highways to freedom," says State DirectorJames B. Brown. "That safe andprofitable investment may be withinreach of everyone the Treasury Department is continuing the sale ofThrift and War Savings Stamps. Thelatter costing a little over four percent, compounded quarterly is one, ofthe very, best rates for savings," declares Mr. Brown,"War Savings Stamps are madeeasy to acquire. Thrift Stamps costbut a quarter each and sixteen ofthese plus a few cents additional maybe exchanged for an interest bearingWar Savings Stamp."The slogan of the Savings Division is "Save First, Spend Afterwards." "We hope to have everyminister in Kentucky preach onthrift on June 22, on the meaningand value of intelligent thrift to hiscongregation and suggest plans forcommunity and individual thrift inaddition to encouraging church organizations to enroll as governmentsavings societies," said the State Director.MAYSVILLE DOCKS ARE REMOVED TO CONCORD.The C. & 0. coal docks, which costthe company about $50,000 severalyears ago, situated just at the eastern outskirts of Maysville, have beentransferred to Concord, fifteen milesabove.Several months ago the docks wereburned, and the company decided torebuild at a more convenient place.The change causes a loss of morethan $2,000 per month in salaries toMaysville.CUTWORMS DESTROY 24 ACRESOF GRAIN IN 2 HOURS.Twenty acres of rye and four acresof corn on the Bernig Phillips farmjust across the Ohio State line, nearRichmond, Ind., were destroyed byarmy worms in less than two hours.Persons from all over Ohio andEastern Indiana were coming to theplace to see the destruction.Trenches were dug around the fieldsimmediately and when the wormsstarted to leave the fields they encountered the trenches and seemedcontent to lie in the bottom of these.The worms were about an inchlong and of a gray-green hue. Theyresemble the caterpillar in some respects. oThe river is again open for bargainsails.SummerJUNESALEFootwearPresident Wilson will deliver hisfirst speech at Cincinnati on histour to arouse the country to thesupport of the League of Nations.It was learned definitely that Cincinnati has been selected as the peacefor the opening speech instead of St.Louis, as reported in many of thepress dispatches. From Cincinnatithe President will go to Indianapolis,where he will speak on the day following his Cincinnati engagement.The itinerary, of course, is subjectto approval of the President, butthere is no reason to believe he willchange the arrangements in any respect. oNEW ELECTRIC LINE SOON TOBE CONSTRUCTED.Plans for the new ShelbyvilleFrankfort interurban electric linethat will form the connecting linkin the electric line from Louisville toLexington are now being prepared bya New York construction firm. Thecontract between the Frankfort &Shelbyville Electric Railway Company, owner and operators of thenew line, calls for the work of construction to start before the contract price is paid.Building of the new electric linkhas already been indorsed along general lines and plans for its financingare now under way. The 'estimatedcost of the road is $400,000.Amazing Values in Stylish Footwear of SurpassingQuality,The people now more than ever before appreciate thefact that our system of merchandising brings to them theGREATEST BARGAIN OPPORTUNITY IN ALL SHOEDOM.Pumps, Oxfords and ColonialsWHITE FOOTWEARof Every Description atSpecial Low PricesSavings Worthy of Your Immediate AttentionLadies' Dull Kid Pumps andOxfords atLadies' White Sea Island CanvasPumps atLadies' Dark Tan English Oxfords atLadies' Patent Kid Pumpsat ,$2.99$1.99$3.49$1.95Men's White Canvas Oxfords, o a qWalk-Overs, at po.ft7Men's Dark Tan English Oxfords, je crbench made, at pO ""Men's Gun Metal English Oxfords, jq CA& Walk-Over, at 43.0UMen's and Boys' Black Shoes and - qqOxfords at pl.cWALK-OVEROxfords and Pumpsof All DtscriptionsAt Lowest Prices !Jet v & ' JMisses' and Children's Shoes, Slippers and BarefootSandals at Lowest PricesDAN COHENWhere Beauty and Economy ReignParis' Greatest Shoe StoreV"!r r r fv " "& t" J -&''--- . ,. w?&? IS '. JiJP "-J-" nr3S,5"4