-r :.0infe9lf-rTHENEWSff-iiff. i $",-TV'"'k.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND ERTUY IN THE YEAR.14VOLUME XXXVIIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1919feBOURBONr.'.H?70MAmESS WEDDING" SCORESHIT WEDNESDAY NIGHTThere was a large crowd in attendance at the Grand Opera House,Wednesday night, when the curtainWent up on the production of "The.Womanless Wedding." The "Standing Room Only" sign was hung uplong before the curtain went up.Preparations had been going forward for several weeks to put thelittle comedy on the stage, and thefinished production Wednesday nightamply justified the expectations andrewarded the hopes of the promoters.The members of the cast were allperfect in the characters they portrayed, and it would he an act of injustice to mention one without theothers. Lack of space forbids an extended notice, but suffice it to saythat each and every one in the castwere "perfect ladies," some "perfectthirty-sixes" and still others in theirfeminine make-up, would have caused Julian Eltinge to hang his headand wonder how in the world theymaneged to do the "make-up" so perfectly. The entertainment was a successin every respect, and netted quite ahandsome sum to the Bourbon County Federation of Womens' Clubs, under whose auspices it was rendered.The proceeds will be devoted, asstated in previous issues, to the purchase of metallic nameplates for thememorial trees in' the memorialgrove in the Paris Cemetery, to thememory of the Bourbon county soldiers and sailors who gave up theirlives in the world war. The success of the entertainment was dueto the persistent drilling of the"boys" in their impersonations, byMisses Clementine Miller and NinaJenkins. Locally, Miss Nancy Griffith, who was chairman of the committee on personnel of the entertainment, Mrs. Frank Kiser, chairman ofthe committee on decorations, andMr. Rudolph Davis, general businessmanager, come in for the lion's shareof honors for the successful outcomeof the "Womanless Wedding."One of the most prominent members of the Women's Cluh remarkedto THE NEWS yesterday that someof the men made such a wonderfulfeminine appearance in their makeup that it was a matter of marvel tolier. She said, naming several of theFRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSFALLSHOWINGOFCOATSSUITSDRESSESSKIRTSWAISTSaFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSAutomobile IDelivery rA. B. HANCOCK BUYS 1913 DERBY W1NNEE.Mr. Arthur B. Hancock, of Paris,master of the Claiborne Stud, nearthis city, yesterday made public announcement of his purchase of Gowell, winner of the 1913 LatoniaDerby, from Jack .Weaver. Gowellis by Ort Wells, and out of Responsive, by Mirthful.In Gowell, Mr. Hancock nowpossesses one of the most promisingbrood mares obtainable. In addition to capturing the Latonia Derbyhonors six years ago, Gowell has recorded in the annals of her race results third place in both the Kentucky Derby and the Kentucky Oaks.She is a splendid animal and will bea valuable addition to Mr. Hancock'salready fine group of thoroughbredson his Claiborne Farm.oBECKHAM TO SPEAK HERE TUESDAY NIGHTSenator Beckham's itinerary in theKentucky State campaign as far asarranged calls for speeches as follows: At Ashland, Monday afternoon, October 20. At Owensboro, Tuesdayafternoon; Paris, Tuesday night;Danville, Wednesday afternoon;After that date his itinerary is notcompleted, hut he expects to remainin Kentucky for the rest of the campaign unless called back by Senateaction regarding the peace treaty.oIMPORTANT SHRINERS MEETINGParis members of Oleika Temple,Nobles of the Mystic Shrine, havebeen notified of an important meet-jing to be held in the Masonic Temple, in Lexington, on Thursday, Nov.6. The Shriners are making preparations to give a big auto show andindustrial fair at Tattersall's Ware-l house, in Lexington, Nov. 4 to 8, inclusive. A big ceremonial will beheld hy the order on Nov. 27, whena large class of novices will be takenacross "the hot hot sands."chaacters. "In their feminine makeup on the stage they were to all intents and purposes, women, real women, and were much handsomer asmade-up women thanjthey,can- everhe as men." 'AUTO ACCIDENTS IN THE DAYSNEWS."Count that day lost that sees noauto accident recorded in the day'snews," might well be a motto for thenewspapers. Bourbon county, asusual, has its share, though luckily,no one has been seriously injuredWednesday night four men whowere advertising the Montgomerycounty races, were injured whenthe automobile in which they wereriding, collided with a telephonepole, near the McGinnis store, at theintersection of the Hume & Bedfordand Lexington pikes. One of themen received a severe scalp wound.The other three were slightly bruised and shaken up. The car wasbadly damaged.Just preceeding the "WomanlessWedding" performance at the operahouse, while the streets were linedwith vehicles, an auto driven by ayoung woman, skidded on the wetstreet, near Harris & Dale's restaurant, and crashed into a buggy inwhich a young woman was sitting.The buggy was wrecked and thewoman thrown to the pavement.Passersby picked her up and gaveher first aid. Beyond a slight bruiseand a nervous shock she was uninjured. The names of the young women could not be learned, as the accident happened so quickly and bothdisappeared in a hurry. The autowas proceeding very slowly downMain street, but, in endeavoring toavoid another machine, skidded andi struck the buggy. Both young women were very reticent when approached by newspaper men for details of the happening, and seemedvery anxious to avoid publicity.A few nights ago a well-knownyoung man from the county drove toParis in his new flivver, which heleft hitched near a Main street barbershop, while he went in for ashave. When the operation had beencompleted, and the young fellowwent outside, his machine had disappeared. A vigorous search wasmade all the afternoon, but to noavail. Several parties said they sawa young man accompanied by "ayoung woman, board the car anddrive away, but they supposed thecar belonged to them. There was adance at Shawhan that night, andthe disconsolate young owner of thecar was in a predicament, havingmade an engagement to escort hisbest girl. Other means of transportation was found. The next morningthe auto was found on the pike below Shawhan, where it had beenabandoned by the joy riders, and restored to the rightful owner. Ofcourse, this may by right be termed "an auto accident'As the Cox Lockridge weddingparty was leaving home shortly afterthe ceremony Wednesday night, enroute to the home of the groom'sparents, Mr. and Mrs. Chas. B. Cox,near Paris, their auto skidded on thewet pike and ran into a gully at theside of the road. While one of theparty was out inspecting the car, another machine approaching from therear, skidded and ran into their machine. But slight damage was done,none of the party being injured,though slightly shaken up by theshock. The party proceeded on theirway happy the affair had not turned out worse than it had.LOCAL RAILROAD OFFICIALSPREPARING EOF SAFETYDRIVE.Officials and employes of the Louisville & Nashville railroad in thiscity are making preparations for theNational Railroad Accident Prevention Drive to be conducted in theSouthern regional between midnightOctober 18 and midnight October 31.Superintendent J. A. Morrison,General Agent Shaw and Yardmaster Geo. Wilder, in conjunction withother local officials, are taking greatinterest in the matter, and are making preparations to put the issuesquarely before the employes and thetraveling public so that it will befully understood. According to theregional director the accident prevention drive will be the greatestrailroad safety campaign ever undertaken. Last year the local officials andemployes made an excellent record inthe campaign, resulting in the public being fully informed. They hopeto equal that record this year. Onepoint they are especially anxious toimpress upon the public is the necessity of lessening the danger from automobiles crossing the railroadtracks in the path of approachingtrains, and to prevent pedestriansusing the railroad right of way as apass-way.oADMINISTRATOR QUALIFIES.In the County Court, Tuesday,County Judge George Batterton appointed Judge H. Clay Howard as administrator of the estate of the lateMr. George Clay. Judge Howard accepted the trust, and qualified bjfurnishing bond in the sum of $15,000, with Miss Letitia Clay as surety. , r - - . -REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSMr. Jacob Fryman, of near Paris,purchased of Lafayette Endicott, ofHarrison county, a farm of 130 acreslocated on the Cynthiana and Ruddles Mills pike, for $361 an acre.The purchaser will get immediatepossession of the place.James Whaley sold to EdwardOwsley, his farm of fifty-sevenacres, located on the Redmon pike,near Paris, for a private price. Mr.Owsley will get possession of theplce on March 1, 1920. He willerect a five-acre tobacco barn on theplace.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney sold atpublic sale Wednesday morning forthe trustees of the Paris Baptistchurch, the residence on SouthPleasant street, now occupied byMiss Susie Ashurst, to Mr. Wm. Farris? for $2,600. The manse, in therear of Kress & Co., on Sixth street,was bid to $4,650, and withdrawn.Through the real estate firm ofHarris & Speakes, of Paris, Mr. J. D.Florence, of Harrison county, sold atprivate sale Tuesday to R. S. Wilder,the 225-acre farm located on the Mt.Vernon pike, near Versailles, for$300 an acre. Mr. Florence boughtthe farm about a month ago. Thesale price he realized was quite anadvance over the original price.Harris & Speakes, of Paris, sold atpublic auction Wednesday, in Nicholas county for Master CommissionerKimbrough the Wells property, intwo tracts. The home place of ninety-threeacres, "with improvements,brought $250 an acre, and ninetyacres, unimproved, situated somedistance from the pike, brought $61an, acre. Geo. D. Speakes cried thesale, which was well attended. Mr.J. C. Rankin, of Carlisle, was thepurchaser.The firm of Harris & Speakes, ofParis, George D.1 Speakes as auctioneer, sold at public sale Tuesdaymorning, on the premises, the farmoipMrs. Mary Crim,. located-on the4Haley pike, near Clintonville, containing 105 acres. The farm waspurchased by Prewitt & Gay, ofClark county, for $260 an acre, or atotal of $27,300. The place is wellimproved, having on it a seven-roomhouse, tobacco and stock barns. Thisis said to be one of the best smallfarms in Central Kentucky. At thesame time a bunch of livestock, cows,feeders, etc., sold at good prices.The sale was well advertised in several issues of THE NEWS.oLOUISVILLE CHIEF EXECUTIVEPAYS PARIS VISIT. ,.The Louisville Times has the following of interest to Paris people:"Mayor Smith is back at the CityHall, much impressed by a trip hehas just concluded through the Blue-grass section of the State. TheMayor says he saw some of the finestcountry and met the cleverest peoplein the world during his two-days'tour. He visited Lexington, Georgetown, Paris, Winchester, Shakertown and crossed the wonderfuland picturesque High Bridge at themouth of Dix River. Hhe describedsaveral farms in the Bluegrass section and ventured the assertion thatthere were no finer country places inthe world."oSUPPLEMENTAL REGISTRATIONMonday, Tuesday and Wednesday,October 27, 28 and 29, are designated as supplemental days. This isfor the benefit of those voters whowere out of the city on that day, orwho were themselves ill, or kept athome by illness in their family.Though this special registration isseveral days away as yet it is well towarn every voter who desires to votein the November election. Voterswho are entitled to register at thistime are urged to do so, in order notto forfeit their vote in the November election. Go to the CountyClerk's office on the days mentioned,make affidavit as to the causes preventing you registering on the regular registration day, and get yourcetificate.oTIME FOR ASSESSMENT IS NEARTHE END.As the law directs County TaxCommissioner Walter Clark, andDeputy Commissioner John J. Red-don can still be found in their office,in the basement of the court housein this city. Every man, who wastwenty-one years old on July 1,1919, and every woman owningproperty, regardless of race or color,is required to go to the Commissioner's office and he assessed every year.Do not wait until the last few days,when the rush is on. Do your dutyto-day and avoid all possibility ofhaving-to pay a penalty!-LARGE ATTENDANCE EXPECTED!AT Y. M. C. A. MEETING.Approximately 100 Y. M. C. A.representatives from three districtsof the State are expected to meet atthe Phoenix Hotel Friday at noon fora conference on the South-wide campaign of the organization October20-30 and to hear Dr. W. W. Porter,for years a medical missionary inChina.C. A. Tevebaugh, Louisville, associate State Secretary of the Y. M. C.A., will speak after Dr. Peter, andHarry McChesney, of Frankfort, willpreside.Twenty-one counties in the DanielBoone district, Paris district and student district of the State are expected to be represented, and after thespeaking the representatives willwithdraw to separate rooms to discuss the business of each district andplan for county conferences in preparation for the campaign.Dr. Peter, who will speak on theforeign work of the Y. M. C. A., is amember of the International Y. M.C. A. Committee of China, where hewas for many years a medical missionary. oFORMER PARIS GIRLPRIZE ESSAY.WRITESMiss Laura Perry Davis, daughterof Mr. and Mrs. Alvin B. Davis, ofCovington, former residents of Paris,was the fortunate winner of a $10prize offered by the Stonewall Jackson Chapter, Daughters of the Confederacy, of Cincinnati, for the bestessay ori the subject of "JohnBrown's Raid At Harper's Ferry."The award was made over a numberof competitors. The judges weremembers of the Stonewall Chapter,in which the young writer and hermother, formerly Miss Iva Perry, ofParis, hold membership.TRIPLE-SERVICE ROYS SUITSMade to stand hard wear of allwool materials only, and styled inNew York $15, $18 and $20.J. W. DAVI3 & CO.oCOMES TO PARIS AS RED CROSSINSTRUCTOR.I Miss Katherine Hooe, of Louisville,who spent a year -overseas as- Red-Cross nurse, has been transferredfrom Louisville to this city, whereshe will teacti classes in home hygenie and nursing. Miss Hooe is agraduate of Norton Infirmary, Louisville, and only recently returnedfrom the service. Miss Hooe willwork in conjunction with the Bourbon County Red Cross Chapter.WE KNOW MWIn Presenting Our ClothesFor this Season We HaveReason For CongratulationsWere there any better clothesanywhere we would have them.But, truly, no better lines aremade as yet. Because hereare garments more exalted inpurpose, more refined in fabrics,more accentuated in style, moreexcelling and compelling in manyways than we have thought possible.ForInstanceYou have only to get a glimpseof our stunning two-button,double-breasted suits to realizethat you have the last word inFabricFashionand Fitr They will wear well, too ourword for it. .MITCHELL &Stetson HatsManhattan ShirtsGRAND LODGE I. 0. 0. F. AB-JOURNS AT LOUISVILLEThe Kentucky Grand Lodge L O. ""O. F., which has been in session forthe past three days at Louisville, 'adjourned Wednesday night, after -one of the most interesting meetingsin many years. vAn important feature of Wednesday morning's meeting was the pass- t !ing of a resolution admitting chU-dren of Odd Fellows who are unableto support themselves, into the home , -;at Lexington.J. Whit Potter, of Bowling Green,was nominated by Mr. Overstreet for ,Deputy Grand Master of the Sover- -eign Grand Lodge of the World,which, meets next year in- Boston.The grand representatives of Kentucky were instructed to present his:name for that office, which leads to yGrand Sire, the highest office in the Vorder.Lexington was designated as the jnext meeting place for the Grand-Lodge. It will be the third Tuesday 'in November next year.The following officers were electedWednesday:Grand representative, Beckham.Overstreet; grand master, Welborn.' "B. Harris, Morganfleld; deputy:grand master, John W. Douglass,Owenton.Grand warden, E. B. January,Paris; grand secretary, Richard G.Elliott, Lexington; grand treasurer,Ben J. Durham, Danville.Directors of the Odd FellowsHome, Lexington, elected were:Judge W. V. Grebory, Mr. Overstreet, James M. Denton, Somerset;Judge T. E. King, Cynthiana, andMiss Mattie Dalton, Lexington.The Paris delegates returned yesterday from the meeting, convincedthat Louisville Odd Fellows aresplendid entertainers.The election of E. B. January, orParis, as Grand Warden, was accomplished on the first ballot. Therewere six candidates, Mayor Januaryreceiving 800 votes out of the 1,$28 votes cast. This is the first timein the history of Grand Lodge- meeting that the winner has been electedon the first ballot.SCHOOL HEAD CANNOT SERVEON BOARJ) OP EDUCATION.V. O. Gilbert, State Superintendent of Public Instruction, decidedthat the principal of a city schoolcannot become a member of theCounty Board of Education. Heholds that the offices are incompatible. The inquiry resulting in hisdecision came from Newport. Gilbert will attend the National Tuberculosis Association, October 25and 26 at Asheville, N. C.fcBLAKEMORENettteton ShowDr. Rood's Cushion Solt ShotsX-fANI1 Jvv,racx TWOTmTVJV"?THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1&19GET READYFOR "FLU993pkep Your Liver Active, Yourf gystem Purified and Free FromColds by Taking Calotabs,tie Nausealess CalomelTablets, that are Delightful, Safe and ,jSure.IW Physicians and Druggists are advislEkg their friends to keep their systemswrificd and their organs in perfectjrorklug order as a protection against$be return of influenza. They knowkat a clogged up system and a lazyfiver f apr colds, influenza and seriousamplications.)t To cut short a cold overnight and tofttevcut serious complications take onegjilot&b at bedtime with a swallow ofrater that's all. No salts, no nausea,o, griping) no sickening after effects.fext morning your cold has vanished,your liver is active, your system is puriped and refreshed and you are feelingMse with" a hearty appetite for breakast Eat what you please no danger.it Calotabs are sold only in originalealed packages, price thirty-five cents.pBvery druggist is authorized to refundywir money if you are not perfectly,HaEghted with Calotabs. (Adv.)jf An automatic fire alarm invented'Jbi Europe is operated by the lightJpf the flames when a fire begins.of In China an inferior on horseback,iceting a superior, dismounts andjtradts until the other has passed.Aetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect Againstl FireTheftCollisionJPrtfperly DamageliabilityAnd OtherCasualtiesTOBACCO nfotTSTBY- TO FIGHTTHE W. Ci. f. TJ.Leaders of every branch of the tobacco industry, which includesgrowers and bankers as well as leafmen, warehouse men, jobbers and retailers, have organized to fight theWoman's Christian TemperanceUnion and will incorporate underthe laws of Kentucky as the AlliedTobacco League of America. Brandies will be formed throughout thecountry.The temperance organization, it issaid, has filed with the Secretary ofState of Oregon, a petition to makethe sale of cigarettes and tobaccounlawful after January 1, 1921. Severe penalties for non-observance ofthe law are provided in the petition.According to organizers of thenew opposition organization, it isjust such drastic measures as thisthat it will fight. -Officers of the tobacco organizations are:W. D. Spaulding, president of theCincinnati Leaf Tobacco Exchange;Charles Whitrock, vice president;William S. Goldenberg, secretary;George B. Engel, treasurer, and Emmet Orr, official organizer and fieldsecretary.AN AGREEABLE SUBPBISE"About three years ago when Iwas suffering from a severe cold onmy lungs and coughed most of thetime night and day, I tried a bottleof Chamberlain's Cough Remedy andwas surprised at the promptnesswith which it gave me relief,"writes Mrs. James Brown, ClarkMills, N. Y. Many another has beensurprised and pleased with theprompt relief afforded by this remedy. (oct-adv)A. j. FEEXgentSTATEMENTOf The Ownership, ManagementEtc., of. THE BOURBON NEWS,published Tuesdays and Fridays, atParis, Ky., for Oct. 1919, requiredby the Act of August 24, 1912.NOTE! This statement is to be madeJa duplicate, both copies to be delivered by the publisher to the Postmaster, who will send one copy to theThird Assistant Postmaster DeneralfTH vision of Classification), Washington, D. C.f and retain the other in thefltee of the postofflce.Name of Editor Swift Champ.Postoffice Address Paris, Ky.Managing Editor Swift Champ.Business Manager Swift Champ.Publisher Swift, Champ.Owners: (If a corporation give thename and address of stockholders hold.ing one per cent, or more of totalamount of stock.)wift Champ.Known stockholders, mortgageesand other security holders, holdingone per cent, or more of total amountof bonds, mortgages or otner securities. None.SWIFT CHAMP.Sworn to and subscribed before methis 15th day of October, 1919.C. K. THOMAS,Notary Public Bourbon Co., KyMy Commission expires January16, 1922.us ifKXMH,A.IHE ..E:giSi.-j,gg. rfa--.-s.:.Jlil.lliillllCoal Coal Co alHave You Talked WithCOLLIER BROS.About Your Winter Coal?Office Opposite Paris TobaccoWarehouseCumberland Phone 997Home Phone 257.-..w.tKyW.HjHHIIIIJlttlfH!:tE3g r;-g;-ni:2XBIXSKS?iHA.,..,...-..-...'':.iIIiiGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299CornerTifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.ixiIK!ALL UP TO THESCHOOL-MA'AMSKentucky Teachers Are Mostimportant Factor In$300,000 DriveGILBERT URGES ACTION5VK1!Bourbon Laundry IDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4 West Fif h StreetIwHTfHfceXIXIThe Bourbon LaundryParis, KentuckySATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!IXIXIIXIXIXWith all the latest improvements in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we areprepared to do work inferior to none, and solicityour patronage.The country school-ma'am thatfaithful, endearing bulwark of progress and enlightenment Is the personage on whom the success of Kentucky's $300,000 drive to build a newChildren's Home depends. The country school-ma'am is the one who is inthe direct position to take chargeof the campaign In her school and getthe children interested," according toGeorge L. Sehori, superintendent of theKentucky Children's Home Society.- V. O. Gilbert, state rapertntendentof schools, urges all teachers to puttheir best efforts into the campaignuntil it closes the last week in October. "County superintendents areoften too busy to enter personally Intothe campaign, and perhaps the teachers think it is not up to them to takethe initiative in the matter. I want tourge all county superintendents to putforth their best efforts into the campaign, but Jf some should happen toforget their duty in this matter, I wantto see the teachers themselves takohold and push It through to the greatsuccess it deserves. Many of theprominent people over the state whowould be willing to direct a campaignin their locality, are busy taking partIn the political campaign. Here Is achance for teachers over the state toshow their initiative and qualities ofleadership and management in theirschools and communities."A Business Investment.The new home which will be builtafter the campaign, will be a group ofcottages on a farm ten miles fromLouisville. This will provide wholesome surroundings for the children,and the duties connected with themanagement of tfhe farm will give vocational training to the older childrenin the care of the Kentucky Children'sHome Society."It is not only a good, charitablecause, but a sound business investment," Mr.Sehon said. "Instead ofthe constant yearly drain to providefor the Kentucky children that comeInto our care, we will have fifty acresof .ground upon which to raise provisions, which will more than pay forthe cost of the food supplies. TheOdd Felloes' Home at Eminence, Ky.,which cultivates thirty-even acres,raises more food than is consumed,acid there is a surplus to apply onother expenses.""THESE HATS WOUEDFT EAT MYBEST GRAIN;" SAYSPEED LAMB.It's hard to keep rats out of a feedstore. Tried for years. A neighboring store sold me some RATSNAP. It worked wonders. Gathered up dead rats every morning.Bought more RAT-SNAP. Haven'ta rat now. They wouldn't eat mybest grain when. I'threw RAT-SNAParound." Three sizes, 25c, 50c,$1.00. Sold and guaranteed by theFarmer's Supply Co.(oct-adv)oThe great trouble with love atfirst sight is that it so seldom getsanother look.FoundMetropolitan 15-year Service Pin,issue of 1903. Found on streets ofParis. Owner may have same bypaying for this advertisement andproving property. (af)Notice!Census Clerks WantedCensus Clerks, (men, women) 4,000 needed. $95 month. Age 18 to50. Exeperience unnecessary. Examinations at Paris, Oct. 18. Forfree particulars, write J. Leonard(former Government Examiner) 945Equity Building, Washington.(23-tf)Steinway Pianos.Mr. H. C. McKim, of Cincinnati,representing the Steinway, is inParis, stopping at the Y. M. C. A.He will be glad to communicate withthose desiring Steinway instrumentsor player-pianos. (26-tf)Truck and Cars ForHireServiceable truck and cars for hireat reasonable rates. Taxicab serviceday and night.S. R. HUDNALL,Both Phones. At Ruggles Garage.CATABBH CANNOT BE CUBEDAdministrator's Notice!All parties knowing themselves indebted to the estate of the late Mrs.Elene Curtis, will please call andsettle with the undersigned. Thosehaving claims against said estatewill present same, proven accordingto law, for payment.PEOPLES DEPOSIT BANK &TRUST CO.(7-3wks) Administrators.itawleigh's All Medicine Hog MixtureQuality First; Results Assured.Try 100 pounds. Money refunded Ifnot satisfied. Cost one-fifth of a centper average dose.Call Cumberland Phone 48-7; HomePhone 256, for further information.JUL 0. BLDDLE.The Rawleieh Man.(8aug-tf)The- Crosdale Hotel sale is postponed to Saturday, October 18th at2:00 p. m.GEO. H. CROSDALE.Col. Geo. Speakes, Auctioneer.(14-2t)Notice!All persons having claims againstthe estate of W. J. Kiser, deceased,are requested to present same, properly proven as required by law, tothe undersigned.Persons knowing themselves indebted to said estate of W. J. Kiser,deceased, are likewise requested tocall on the undersigned and settlesaid indebtedness promptly.FRANK P. KISER, Adm'r.,W. J. Riser's Estate.(3-4t Fri)WantedWanted, by a refined family inLexington, an upstairs maid, adownstairs main, a laundress and anurse for two young children. References required. Best of wages.702 Bullock Place,Telephone 3102,(14-3t) Lexington, Ky.Notice of ElectionNotice is hereby given that onregular election day,ATuesday, November 4, 1919,in Flat Rock Magisterial District,composed of Precincts Flat Rock No.1 and Flat Rock No. 2, the followingquestion will be submitted to thelegal voters of said precincts:"Are you in favor of making itunlawful for cattle, or any speciesthereof, to run at large on the public highways and unenclosed landsof the Flat Rock Magisterial District, comprised of the votingr precincts No. 1 and No. 2, Flat Rock?". W. G. McCLINTOCK,Sheriff of Bourbon County.(14-4t)PUBLIC SALE;OFStock, Crop, Implements, Etc.Having sold my farm near Paris, and my property in Paris, I 'willoffer at public sale, on the premises, on the Clintonville pike, onFriday, October 31, 1919,at about the hour of 10:00 o'clock, a. m., the following described livestock, crops, farming implements, etc:Three mules, 4 to 7 years old;One 2-year-old gelding;One 3 -year-old draft mare;One 3-year-old draft gelding;Two Jersey cows, extra good;Nine pure-bred Duroc sows and pigs;One Duroc boar;Nine meat hogs;25,000 tobacco sticks;Seven shoats, weight 100 each;Twenty-three yearling Southdownewes;One registered buck;Two gas engines, 2 and 3 horsepower; .Malley ensilage cutter, none better;One McCormick corn harvester;Gear; harness; hoes; rakes; forks;Farm machinery of all kinds;One International Hay Press; selffeed; good as new;Cultipacker, and, in short, everything used on a well-equippedfarm all in first-class condition; One Buick roadster, 1918 model, infirst-class condition;Thirty acres of corn In shock;Fifty tons of good baled straw;Household and kitchen furniture;Large lot of other things too numer-Kous to enumerate here.I. D. THOMPSONCOL. GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer.With LOCAL APPLICATIONS, asthey cannot reach the seat of the disease. Catarrh is a local disease,greatly influenced by constitutionalconditions, and in order to cure itjyou must take an internal remedy.Hall's Catarrh Medicine is taken internally and acts through the bloodon the mucous surfaces of the system. Hall's Catarrh Medicine wasprescribed by one of the best physicians in this county for years. Itis composed of some of the best tonics known, combined with some ofthe best blood purifiers. The perfectcombination of the ingredients inHall's Catarrh Medicine is what produces such wonderful results in catarrhal conditions. Send for testimonials, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Props., Toledo, O.All Druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (oct-adv)SintVEY MADE OP TIMBER LEFTSTANDING IN STATEA comprehensive study of theamount of standing timber in Kentucky is being put under way by J.E. Barton, Commissioner of Forestryand Geology and the preliminary results of this study will appear in thenext issue of the Mineral and ForestResources. This study will show thetotal area of each county in acres,the number of acres which havesome character of forest growth andthe average stand an acre. The totalstand for each county will be shownby species and amounts. The workin connection with this study willinvolve taking up at the presenttime all the stands of timber in theState.oCONSTIPATION.The 'beginning of almost every serious disorder is constipation. If youwant to enjoy good health keep yourbowels regular. This is best accomplished by proper diet and exercise,but sometimes a medicine is neededand when that is the case you willfind Chamberlain's Tablets are excellent. They are mild and gentle intheir action, easy and pleasant totake. Give them a trial. They onlycost a quarter.(oct-adv)Effective Treatment.Mrs. 'Arris Yer want ter take careof that cold, Mrs. Green. Yer ought togit a pennorth of ukerllptus from thechemist, put It in a jug o boiling water, 'old yer 'ead over it, and ignoreIt. Pearson's Weekly.No house in London is more than200 yards from a mail box- or abranch of the general post-office. ' Jy&im EVEKraomr knows yfljpijl xff ?- XSwMEANSJBUICK YThe Buick Built Crank Shafthas been designated as the back bone of this famousValve-in-Head Motor because it must "jottistand theimpact of every powerful explosion tliat takes place -m the Buick Valve-in-Head cylinder.Strength,-accuracy and toughness are the fundamentalrequirements gauged, hammered and tempered into eachcrank shaft thru the rigid processes of expert machining,modern drop forging and special eiecixic heating treatmentMaterials of the highest grade, Chrome nickel-steel of aspecial formulae subjected to rigid metalurgical andchemical tests, are other evidences showing how complete the Buick Factory is equipped to manufacture thisimportant unit so essential in the successful operation ofthe powerful Buick Valve-in-Head motor.When Better Automobiles Are Built BUICK Will Build ThemC. &. BALL GARAGE'y ' Fourth and Pleasant Streets,-.if.A,NFRIDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1919THE SOTOBOir 3fgWS PAHS, gfflTOCmfiniHOW TO AVOIDBACKACHE ANDNERVOUSNESSTold by Mrs. Lynch FromOwn Experience.Providence, R. I. "I was all rundown in health, was nervous, had head-acnes, my backached all the time.I was tired and hadno ambition for anything. I had takena number of medi.cines which did meno good. One dayI read about LydiaE. Pinlcham's Vegetable Compound andwhat it had done forwomen, so I triedit. My nervousnessJnr1 nnr1rirVi nnilheadaches disappeared. ,1 gained inweight and feel fine, so I can honestlyrecommend Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound to any woman who iasuffering as I was." Mrs. Adeline B.Lynch, 100 Plain St, Providence, R.I.Backache and nervousness are symptoms or nature's warnings, which indicate a functional disturbance or anunhealthy condition which often develops into a more serious ailment.Women in this condition should notcontinue to drag along without help, butprofit by Mrs. Lyncb's experience, andtry tnis iamous root ana nerD remeay, iLydia E. Pinkham's "Vegetable Compoundand for special advice write toLydia E. Pinkham Med.Co., Lynn, Mass.THE S. A. CURE IS USUALLYPERMANENT.The work of the Salvation Armyamong ex-criminals is typical of themale prisons and penetintiaries, theSalvation Army methods. It is notenough for the Salvationists to rescue the person from sin, but to fithim or her for the battle of life is apart of the program. How this policy works out is shown in the results of prison work.Out of 6,876 women who werecharges upon society the Salvation.Army within, one year made 6,272good industrious, self-respecting women. Out of 2,805 ex-criminals fromthoroughness and effectiveness ofSalvation Army made 2,352 goodhard-working citizens.To make its work of economicvalue as well as spiritual -value ispart of the creed of the Salvationist.AMERICA! BED CROSS DRIVE!NOVEMBER 2-11.In order to complete, its war obligations at home and abroad theAmerican Red Cross will need $15,000,000 and is taking measures toraise this amount from surplus ofthe various chapters so that thedrive from November 2-11 may bepurely a membership drive and thefunds raised may be used in carrying out the after-war-activities ofthe organization.The present membership is about20,000,000, and this number hasbeen taken as a basis for the 1920enrollment, but it is hoped therewill be more. Subscribing: membership has been discontinued, andthose desiring the Red Cross Magazine will subscribe for it separatefrom the $1 annual dues, the subscription price being $1. Fiftycents of every $1 membership willbe retained by the chapter, and fiftycents will ge to the national organization.The drive will open with sermonson the Red Cross preashed in all thechurches on November 2, and willclose with final reports to nationalheadquarters on November 11.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL..Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.iiI S. 0. s. IIIf Constipated, Biliousor Headachy, take It "Cascarets" ' jSick headache, biliousness, coatedtongue, or sour, gassy stomach always trace this to torpid liver; delayed, fermenting food in the bowels.Poisonous matter clogged in theintestines, instead of being cast outof the system is re-absorbed into theblood. When this poison reaches thedelicate brain tissue it causes congestion and that dull, throbbing,sickening headache.Cascarets immediately clanse thestomach, remove the sour, undigested food and foul gases, take theexcess bile from the liver and carryout all the constipated waste matter and poisons in the bowels.A Cascaret to-night will surelystraighten you out by morning.They work while you sleep?(adv)One thousand six hundred wagonloads of mud and dirt are removedIdaily from the streets of London."The Store ThatLeads the Way"sjisinsf wii SitiSk."Please Bear This in Mind WePositively Show More DifferentSizes of Suits, Coats and Dressesand a Much Greater Varietyof Large Ones Than Any OtherStore in Cincinnati.2,500 Garments To Select FromSUITS,COATS,DRESSES,SKIRTS,$25 to $135.00$20 to $167.50$15 to $250.00$6.98 to $37.5012th and MainwONE BLOCK NOIfTH OF THE NEW COURTHOUSECINCINNATI, OHIOMrs. W. A. Johnson has gone toOrlando, Florida, to spend the winter. Mr. Charlton Broser, of NewYork City, is a guest of Parisfriends.Mr. J. C. Day has returned froma visit to friends and relatives inLouisville.Mr. and Mrs. Joseph W. Davisare at Martinsville, Indiana, for aten-days' stay.Mrs. J. M. Boland, of .finevme,is a guest of Misses Owens, on SouthMain street.i-Mr. Edward Tucker and Mr.Robert P. Walsh have returned froma business trip to Cincinnati.Miss Elizabeth Steele is a patient at the Petree Sanitarium,where she is undergoing treatment.Mrs. Chas. G. Daugherty andMiss Mayme Holladay are visitingrelatives in Cincinnati and Dayton,Ohio.Mrs. J. P. Layon and son, Atwell Layon, of Platte City, Mo., areguests of Mr. and Mrs. EdwardOwsley.Miss Mary Dodge has returnedto her home in Greensburg, Ind.,after a visit to relatives in this cityand county. 'Mr. C. W. Ferguson, Jr., of Atlanta, Ga., is a guest of his grandparents, Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Pride-n-mrA nPfir Paris.Miss Ruby Elder, of the Harris& Speakes clerical force, has returned from a visit to Miss PaulineRoberts, in Cynithana.Mrs. Garland Hopper, guest ofParis friends, has returned to herhome in Flemingsburg.Mrs. Wm. K. Griffin will behostess this afternoon to the FridayBridge Club at her home on Cypressstreet.Miss Kate Alexander has returned from a visit to her sisters,Misses Marian and Elizabeth ClayAlexander, in Cincinnati.Mrs. Thomas C. Whaley, whileattending the Christian Church Convention in Cincinnati, is a guest ofMr. and Mrs. Redmon, Berry.Mr. Henry Prewitt ana iuissKate Ely have returned to theirhomes in Richmond, after a visit toMr. and Mrs. Jos. James, in this city.Mr. and Mrs. S. A. Wilson, whohave recently moved to Paris fromWhite Hall, Madison, county, haveunited with the Christian church, byletterji, J. W. Brown has returnedfrom a' visit to relatives in Dyersburg, Tenn. Mrs. Brown, who accompanied him, will remain for alonger visit.Mr. and Mrs. Ben Redmon, ofLouisville, are visiting the former sbrother, Mr. John G. Redmon, who isill at his home on the Jackstownpike, near Paris.Mrs. Charles Monson, of tniscity, is a patient at St. Joseph's Hospital, in Lexington, where she underwent an operation for appendicitisand gallstones recently.Mr. E. K. Tnomas, jr., naa- returned to his studies at Centre College, in Danville, after a visit to hisgrandparents, Mr. and Mrs. E. K.Thomas, Sr., in this city.Mrs. M. Hopper, of Maysville,and daughter, Mrs. John Dodge, ofGreensburg, Indiana, have returnedto their homes after a visit to Mr.and Mrs. Arthur Burley, in this city.Miss Elmeta Hinton has returned to her school duties at the Kentucky College for Women, at Danville, after a visit to her father, Mr.E. T. Hinton, and Mrs. Hinton, inthis city.Dr. Marmaduke Brown has returned to his duties on the generalstaff of the Cincinnati General Hosnit.a.1. after a visit to his father, Dr.J. T. Brown, and Mrs. Brown, onCypress street. "Owing to the neavy rams, meannual picnic of the FortnightlyClub, of Winchester, scheduled forTuesday, at Xalapa Farm of Mr. EdSims, near Paris, was postponed until a later date.Mr. Ed. K. Knapp, former Parisian has returned to Philadelphia,after a visit to his sister, Mrs. Wm.Myall, and Mr. Myall. Mr. tuiappcame to Cincinnati to attend theworld's series championship gamesbetween Cincinnati and unicago.Danville Messenger: "Messrs.John and James and Misses Annaand Gertrude Welsh, Mr. and Mrs.Thomas Gleason, of Paris, and Mrs.Edward Slattery, of Lexington, spentT00rtav with the family of Mr.'Frank Tamme, near Atoka."The following from Pans attended the sessions of the International Convention of the Disciples oj.Christ, at Cincinnati, this week:Rev. and Mrs. W.- e. unis, iuiB. it.B Hutchcraft, Miss Helen Hutchlff TvTra -rc. P. Clarke. Mrs. S. E.McClanahan, Mrs. Robt. L. Swango,Mrs Jos. D. Booth, Miss ElizabethGrimes, Mrs. Mary Walker, Mrs. D.G. Taylor, Mr. and Mrs. M. 0. Biddie, Mr. Elezar Dailey.Miss Sena Rion entertained atthe home of her father, Wm. Rion,on Sixteenth street, with a cardparty The following guests werepresent and enjoyed several games offiye hundred: Mr. and Mrs. RobertOgden, Mr. and Mrs. Carlisle Watson, Mr. and Mrs. Rucker Lewis, ndMr. and Mrs. James Lisle, all of Winchester; Mrs. Thomas Berkley andjvh0T. Miss Lillian Berkley, ofLexington; Miss Mayme Wagoner,Mr. Henry Napier, mr. auuii,. -winDavis, Mr. and Mrs. John Canal,(Other Personals on Page 5)oCAPT ROY SHABJ? ORDERED TOSOMERSETCaptain Roy Sharp, who was stationed in Paris during the worldwar, with headquarters at the Windsor Hotel, as recruiting officer, hasbeen, transferred from the Lexingtonoffice to the Somerset office. CaptainSharp has been stationed in Lexington since the signing of the armistice. vI VXJiaBSVBSssssssssBr-OvrvrWWvv Mi sti-sPOISONLIKE UNTOVernon of SnakesProfessor H. Strauss; M. D.; of theRoyal Charity Hospital, says, "Thecause for an attack of gout, rheumatism,lumbago, is supplied by the increase ofuric acid in the blood serum, the resultof various causes, the most frequent ofwhich is renal. Before an attack, onesuffers sometimes from headache, neuralgia, twinges of pain here and there."When your kidneys feel like lumpsoflead, when the back hurts or the urineis cloudy, full of sediment, or you areobliged to seek relief two or three timesduring the night; when you suffer withsick headache, or dizzy, nervous spells,acid stomach; or you have rheumaticnoi'no or lnmhncrn. crout. sciatica whenthe weather is bad, do not neglect thewarning, but try simple means. Takesix or eight glasses of water during theday, then obtain at your nearest drugstore 'An-uric' (anti-uric acid).This is tli p. rlisnnverv of Dr. Pierce ofthe Invalids' Hotel, Buffalo, N. Y. "Anuric" is an antidote for this uric acidpoisoning afcd dissolves uric acid in thebody much as hot coffee dissolves sugar."Anuric" will penetrate into the jointsand muscles, and dissolve the poisonousaccumulations. It will stamp out toxmaSend 10 cents to Dr. Pierce's Invaud.Hotel, Buffalo. N. Y.f for trial packaKCminiBODIES' OF SOLDIERS TO BEBROUGHT HOMEBodies of all American soldiers interred in Germany, Belgium, Italy,Great Britain, Luxemburg andNorthern Russia will be returned tothe United States as soon as necessary transportation can be arrangedfor.Secretary Baker announced he hadissued instructions for the purchase,storage and traffic division of thegeneral staff to take charge of thematter, and to hasten it as much aspossible.Wolf, Wile & Co.A Distinguished Group ofNew Fall Tailleur SuitsIn this collection of strikingly individual creationsare modes that tell with marked originality the reallydistinguished details of tailleur fashion. The styles areof a distinctiveness that promises a permanent vogueand range from those of a tailored precision, faultless mline and finish, to others delightfully embellished withbraiding and buttons. Shown in fashionable colors ofbrown, navy, reindeer, purple, Pompeiian, Oxford andblack "$39.50 to $135.00- The Best Teacher.He is the best teacher of others whoIs best taught himself; that which weknow and love we cannot but communicate. Dr. Arnold, js.-, ! -The New Dress For AutumnAfternoon, Demi-toilette and Evening"of Paris' ' in Their SmartnessThere is a distinct departure in fashion for the dressor gown; displayed here with a newness so apparent thateven the most casual are impressed. The world of women is evidently aroused to a new interest in dress, andthese handsome costumes are evidence that the creatorsof that elusive factor known as "style" have outdonethemselves in satisfying the exactions of taste, criticaljudgment and artistic bent.Take time by the forelock. Don'twait until you get the bill beforeyou count the cost.For Women and MissesParis-Inspired BlousesIn beauty of material and cleverness of design- noblouses surpass them. Every wanted color and for theyouthful miss 'to the extra size figure.$6.75 to $25.00Wolf, Wile C& Co.Lexington, Ky.'9tiiiimwmMfiti)m9MtMmii'wmiwtEsffifciEfiBl-0We Are Graf uTeDOir Frieabtktfeal .Facts About FurnacestTip nveTAve iierson knows too little ofthe scientific side of heatin. Often -thaisimple principles of combustion, radjaaoa 4and circulation are not understood -witttthe result that most people pay bigjercoal bills and get less heat tfaanr ttajpshould.FJck Qi-a orniTMT trv oro VOH fln tmOBQU Vopportunity to learn how yoorwhdaTinnsA osm he heated comfortably with fifefuel and less bother than is ordinariferxe jrooma.-c,-?-0.;;-&-Beginning Sept. 21stJre trill give a specialDemonstraof theSfflgUbl. ll-t'iLlfJn- '-;-."&&&'. a..1 T . iii-: . ii'w 1sOrMsialPatcntcdPiuelessfUrnace 'This exhibit will be so arranged thatryouwill quickly understand Eow a House "caff Befhnvrmorhlv vuzirmP7. all aver thrrm&h one register. .We will be in position to give you full particulars as to the most effective anLeco-normcai metnoa 01 nome neanng, ana answer any questions you may wjsu wj aa&.Come in and learn the real facts about furnaces.'ointe We Will Prove To YouFUEL SAVINGWe will demonstrate how theconstruction of the CalorieFurnace and its revolutionaryprinciples of operation do awayvoXth all nrncta nt u fiPflfc!. Andmake possible a Baringi of atCalorie is ' guaranteed to heatleast 3&9& of yourjfueLiTbjthe whole howe at abigfaeljearing over any 1 other mttbod.ManyvtMer claim they havesaved half, and fOmc evenmere.HEAT CIRCULATIONSince warm air rises and coldair falls, it is possible to utilizethis natural law in such a wayas to distribute warm air evenly throughout the whole house.The engineering problems - involved in making soecesvful useof this principle for home heating.have been fully. worked oathvt'the makers of 3.tbe?Cslacse"Furnace through necrrye teayears of testing and.devueSKin.V The 76,000 Caloric; Furaaeaa Urnbow ' m successful operation- bthroughout all i parti of tka Ucouatry afford mvieaiafcJe peace;ka tti Omlnrif . una ! tai 'vriaeipla is aouad csd prasOa&ifaiiHEALTHFULNESSboth heats andThe Caloricventilates. NThe air is purified by circulateinsr. much as ? running waterfci --ra its aa noKfajeattAlh inmore thamStTlMCalcrfcrala6 baa a waferpaasso Joeatedras to moatoitaa'aabeattky.mi the3 ur Ttfwanao1!! kear tnnwiif m.trmir b -- VPa k VLia - i .-:e aad t coalxadzvfcaQUALITYTHe qullty of materials, taskill of t wortarfflwship aad thexeiUBxve improved xeataroa com- rtuaad-'ialttatCalodc ewaw itpmafiea iteeH.Th air .PMsLeacrsavkfekM - - ek JS?Eltt!!LSifMaet.Taa ar is hot Ussc.1&J IW MlfcllW 1JV-tJ WW-1 tiiWJ - 'aEBxastriaackissrsr.v ?wniTaalntf niil .tria caaiac ia-kaa!tAliirikwh,a of tW asrI?i Dssrt UXL to saa,ftTHE HOWARD HARDWARE COMPANYINCORPORATEDCARLISLEPARISi'T&vtv vv,-7ITRIDATOCTOBER 17, 11S Kmtotc BOTTJtBOH HIWS, 1MS,, JUUITIKJJL1T")jncamxV' AT.T, CAHDIDAES goodPBOMISI1IG EEFORMSATNEW GBAIN HEM PURCHASESHUTCHCRAPT INTERESTIn opening his campaign for Governor, Col. Ed. Morrow devoted a:good deal of his time in discussingold Republican chestnuts. He declared that if elected he would abolisha lot of useless offices. We have3ieard a good many candidates forGovernor promise this, but we havenever seen any of the offices abolishd. Bradley promised it, yet whenie was elected he found a Republi--can.to fill every office at the disposalof the Administration. Gus Wilson-was very positive that the people ofthe State should elect him in orderto get rid of a lot of them. Not a.single office was abolished, and thepeople can expect nothing better ofMorrow than of Bradley and Wilson.The candidate from Somerset alsotalks about the wasteful extravagance of the Democratic party. So-. J3 TTTI1-. l4- fvtnfn1did .Bradley ana wusuu, um "Bl'cau jof decreasing the expenses of theState they both increased them.x ' . oNAME YOUR MEN, EDGTJN THAT USED HRST SHO!FTO:' '"BE OTOwlJ HERE'.Governor Black has very properlyasked Ed. Morrow to name the menin the State payroll who ought notto be there. Morrow says there are314 of them in places created by the"Stanley administration" for them.Governor Black, in his speech atHazard, suggests that Morrow name jas many as a dozen of the 314 hesays are on the payroll. v"Mr. Morrow says there are 314names on the State payroll thatought not to be there," said theJovernor. "If that is true, those employes should be done away with. Iam entitled to know, and you taxpayers are entitled to know whothese 314 are. Mr. Morrow, if youcan name them all, give us thenames of a dozen of them."-v O 'A!T THE PARIS GRAND AND THEALAMO THEATREMr. Lawrence Mitchell, of NorthMiddeltown, and Perry & McCann, ofShelby County, have recently purchased the interest of Mr. R. B.Hutchcraft, of this city, in his grainand elevator machinery, on Pleasantstreet, and will continue that branchof the buisness. Mr. Hutchcraft willdevote most of his time to the bluegrass seed wool, farming businessin which he has been engaged inconnection with the grain business.The new firm will get possessionof their ' purchase as soon as Mr.Hutchcraft can remove the wheat hehas stored in the elevator. The pricepaid for the property was not givenmir for -nnhlication. but is said tohave been a very satisfactory one.The elevator was constructed abouteighteen years ago by Mr. Hutchcraft at a cost of $20,000.The new -firm comes well recommended to the people of Paris andBourbon county. Mr. Mitchell hasbeen connected with the merchandisebusiness of his father, Mr. John W.Michell, in North Middletown, formany years. During the world warhe' was appointed Food Administrator for Bourbon county, in which position he served with fidelity.Messrs. Perry & McCann have beenengaged in the grain business inShelby county and have had a longbusiness experience. The business inParis will be cared for by Mr. Mitchell and Mr. Perry, who will movetheir families to Paris.Mr. Mitchell recently purchasedthrough the Paris Realty Co., thehandsome home of Mrs. Louis Salo-shin, on Pleasant street. He' willget possession of the property aboutNovember 15, and will move into itat that time.The gun from which was fired theinitial shot for the United States after' the entry of our forces into thewar, will be Drought to Pans by therecruiting detachment from the famous First division, which will arrive in the city some time thismonth.The gun is one of the French 75'sand belongs to Battery C, SixthField Artillery, First Division.The party, which will 4 consist of50 men and 10 officers, will be commanded by Major Horace F. Hill,Jr., and will make the tour in automobiles carrying equipment of thebranches of the division that wereused overseas. Demonstrations 0fuse of the equipment will be given ateach of the towns visited by theparty during the tour.Major John J. Gannon, of the Lexington army recruiting office, has arranged the following itinerary forthe party: Shelby ville, Frankfort,Lexington, Winchester, Mt. Sterling,Paris. Carlisle. Maysville. Brooks-l ville, Falmouth, Williamstown, Sa-dieville, Cynthiana, Georgetown,Richmond, Lancaster, Danville, Harrodsburg, Lawrenceburg and Taylorsville. The towns will be visitedin the order given.. oSCOTT, COUSTY WOMAN BURJfEDTO DEATH.Mrs. Mary E. Taylor, 75 years old,while alone in her home near Mallary's Mill, was burned to death,while her son, James, went to aneighbor's house to borrow coffee forbreakfast.It is thought that the aged wchman picked up the lamp to go intoan adjoining room and fell, the lampexploding. When her son returnedhe saw smoke coming from a windowand rushing into the house found hismother lying dead on the floor. Thehouse and contents were s aved byneighbors.NEW HALL NAKED IN H0H01 0$PARIS BOY.4BADfS STOP STREET .WOEKThe heavy rains of the past fewdays have stopped completely the Members of the Phi Alpha frateswork of concreting Pleasant streer, JTjity of Transylvania College, in Lexana tne repairs uu uxmu. ouci,,which have, been well under way.The stoppage of the work has madean almost impassable place at thecorner of Pleasant and Eighthstreets, near the Government building. Pedestrians find it a difficultmatter to cross or recross the streeton account of the muddy conditionsprevailing at that point. With thereturn of good weather these unpleasant conditions will be remediedto the satisfaction of all.SPECIAL PRICES FOR YOUBARBED WIRE FENCINGONSCHOOL SHOES READY FOR BOYSAND GIRLS.School season has just opened up,and we are ready to show you nowSpecial low prices on all kinds of and we are ready to show you nowticing and barbed wire. Get our the biggest and best assortment offencing and barbed wire.prices before you buy.(It) FARMERS SUPPLY CO.shoes ever shown.(19-tf) FELD'S SHOE STORE.ington, have named their new house"Neal Hall," in honor of LieutenantJames Weaver Neal, of Paris,graduate of the College, and a member of the fraternity. Lieut. Nealwas wounded in action in one of thbig battles in France, and later diedin a hospital in that country . He.was a son of Mr. and Mrs. Edw. Neal,of Spencer county who reside don theHume and Bedford pike, near Parifor several years.3FALL SEEDSBest quality Northern GrownRosen Seed Rye, Less quantity per acre. Yields more thanany other variety. Also havehighest quality Seed Wheat andTimothy Seed.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO,To-day, Friday, October 17, Alamoafternoon, Grand at night DorothyPhillips, in Allen Hulabar's SuperbProduction, "Hearts of Humanity."To-night, at the Alamo only LilaLee, in "The Heart of Youth;" AnnaILuther and Chas. Hutchison, in "TheGreat Gamble."To-morrow, Saturday, October 18Mable Normand, in "Upstairs;"James J. Corbett, in "The MidnightMan," Christie Comedy, "WhenBobby Comes Marching Home."Monday, October 20 VictorMoore, in "The Clown;" Mack Sennett Comedy, "Trying To GetAlong;" Buton Holmes Travel Pictures. Added Attraction, Sandos, inacrobatic feats.PARIS MAY BE VISITED BY SUGAR SHORTAGE.REDCROSS QUOTA PAID;PLUS LEFT.SUR-FarmSalesmen WantedProspective farm buyers to thenumber of 117,000 wrote and calledat our offices in America's ten largest cities during 1918.We have a score of agency pointsin Michigan and Northern Ohio.Our representatives in these twoStates sold 66 farms last month.The requirements of "our clientsnow demand that we establish a fewTellable men to act as our local representatives in Indiana, Kentuckyand Southern Ohio to send us descriptions of farms for sale and showsame to our customers.Experience not necessary butmust own an automobile.Our business is paying capablemen $2,000 to $10,000 yearly. Stateall particulars in first letter regarding your age, business experienceand if you are a property owner. Allcommunications treated as confidential. E. A. STROUT FARM AGENCY,205 Lincoln Inn Court, Cincinnati, 0.(10-17-24)That Paris may again be visitedwith a shortage of the sugar supply is not to be unexpected, as according to statements made yesterday, the supply is already growingscare, and some restaurants have resorted to the old way of servingsugar, "One or two spoonfuls?"One grocer stated that there was notenough sugar to supply any but hisown customers, and the- conditionmay grow worse, instead of betterThe same state of affairs obtains atmany other places.No relief in the situation is to beexpected before the first of the year,when the New Orleans cane sugarand beet sugar are expected to be onthe market. The beet sugar will notbe received before the latter part ofnext month, it is said, and the NewOrleans cane sugar is not expectedbefore the last of December. In addition to that the Louisiana canesugar crop is said to be only aboutone-half of the normal supply.There are several causes of thesugar shortage at the present time,the local dealers sand yesterday.One of them is that many peoplefrightened by the prospects of having to do without the product, havehoarded supplies. But the principalreason for the shortage it was said,is that the refineries have been toostrongly attracted "by export pricesand have sold too much to be shipped to Europe. The refiners nowclaim they cannot get the raw sugarto refine. Until there is some reliefin sight the people are urged by thedealers to use sugar as economicallyas possible, so that the threatenedand possible shortage may not causetotal privation.The quota of $2,600 allotted toBourbon county as its share in thenext big drive, has been paid intothe local Red Cross Chapter and inturn paid over to the treasurer ofthe campaign in the Lake District,at Cleveland, Ohio.The Bourbon County Chapterfinds itself with a surplus on hand,therefore there will be no solicitation for funds or contributions inthe drive which begins November 2,except for the annual membershipdues, $1.00, in the Honor Roll. Theofficials of the local Chapter are especially anxious to have this pointmade .clear to the general public, sothere "may be no misundrstanding.They will be ready to enroll you asa member at any time, and your onedollar contribution will be gladly received and thankfully acknowledgedin the name of "The Greatest Motherof All."oBOX SUPPERS TO-NIGHTThe Dudley School, Miss ElizabethDonnell, teacher, will give a box supper at the Antioch church, tonight, (Friday) Oct. 17, for the benefit of the Kentucky Children's Homeat Louisville. The public is cordially invited to attend and help a mostworthy cause.On the same night the teacher andpupils of the Ford's Mill School willgive a box supper in the schoolbuilding, the proceeds to be devotedto the Orphans' Home, in Louisville.The patronage of a generous publicwill be greatly appreciated by MissClayton, the teacher, and the pupils.The pupils of the Spears MillSchool, of which Miss ElizabethHudnall is teacher, will give a boxsupper and fish pond in the schoolbuilding to-noght (Friday), October17. The proceeds will be used jointly for the benefit of the school, andthe Kentucky Children's Home, atLouisville. Everybody cordially invited to attend. A good time is assured.READDTG OF HISPITALPOSTPONED.REPORTOn account of the absence of several members of the City Council andof members of the investigatingcommittee, the report of thecommittee, which was to have beenread at the special meeting, waspostponed until a future date.NEW BAR3ER FIRMWalker Demett, who has been inthe barbering business in Paris,i?fofthe past twenty-one years, and Lucien Johnson, who has been in thebusiness in this city for nine years,and many years before that in otherplaces, have formed a partnershipin conducting the business at Demett's old stand, No. 120 Tenthstreet, near the Louisville & Nashville passenger station.We submit the following scale ofprices for the benefit of prospectiveand present customers: Shave, 15cents; hair cut, 25 cents, massage,25 cents; Shampoo, 25 cents, hairsinge, 25 cents; hair tonic, 10 cents.We guarantee to give you as goodwork as any shop in the city. Wewill be open early and desire yourpatronage.WALTER DEMETT,(10-tf)LUCIEN JOHNSON.on25?E3TJhi's Crescentolavalking 7?fachineAnd 10 sS3SdSL RecordsONLYSS7. SOWe have the finest line of TalkingMachines ever brought to Paris;Christmas is only a short time away.Come in and make an early selection.HEAR THE DALION ANDPATHE MACHINESySroocs & Snapp Dmg Co.uBOURBON COUNTY FARMOf 420 Acres, About 3 1-2 Miles from Paris, on theRuddles Mills Pike,At Public AuctionOn the Premises, onTuesday, October 2811 19At 10:30 O'clock A.M.On account of ill health and advancing years, I have decided to locate permanently inFlorida and have placed my splendid farm above described in the hands of Harris & Speakes,real estate dealers, with instructions to sell each tract as advertised to the highest and bestbidder, rain or shine.The farm is an ideal one, well fenced and watered and in a high state of cultivation.It will be sold in three tracts, as follows:TRACT No. 1 Contains 245 acres, all in blue grass, timothy and clover except31 acres seeded to wheat, blue grass and timothy. Seven-room house, practically new.Cistern at back door. All necessary outbuildings, two large tobacco barns, small stockbarn and a good four-room tenant house; also excellent stock scales,TRACT No. 2 Contains 70 acres of unimproved land 50 acres in blue grass, 20acres broke out of blue grass and cultivated in tobacco and is now seeded in rye. Thistract has a beautiful building site.TRACT No. 3 Contains 105 acres -90 acres.in blue grass and timothy and 15acres seeded to wheat, blue grass and timothy; 6-room residence, two large tobacco barnsand four-room tenant house. The farm fronts beautifully on the Ruddles Mills pike. TractsNos. 2 and 3 after being sold separately will be offered as a whole and the best bid accepted.TERMS Liberal and attractive. Ten per cent cash in hand on day ofsale, 23 1-3 per cent. March 1st. 1920, when possession will be given. Remainder in fourequal payments, one-fourth March 1st, 1921, one-fourth March 1st, 1922, one-fourth March1st, 1923, and on-fourth March 1st, 1924. Notes will bear six per cent, interest from datepayable annually until paid and a lien retained on the property to secure payment.G. C. THOMPSONHARRIS & SPEAKES, Real Estate DealersL. D. HARRIS, Business Manager COL. GEO. D. SPEAKES, AuctioneerPUBLIC SALEOf One of the Most Desirable Residences in Parison the premises, onFriday, October 24th, 1919At 2:30 O'clock P. MLWe as agents for J. W. Allen, who will shortly move to the country, will sellat public auction, withoutreserve or by-bid, his beautiful home on Cypress street,one of the most attractive resident streets in Paris.House contains six rooms with a large attic that could easily be convertedinto three nice bed rooms, large pantry, back and front porches, good cellarunder entire house. This is a complete modern home, built to live in, with largeshade trees and concrete walks. Splendid lot tht lays high and dry, and anideal home that must be seen to be appreciated. The lot is 60x200 feet, withlarge garden and entrance in rear from an alley.Terms Easy and Made Known on Day of Sale.For further information, call on J. W. Allen, Paris, Ky. Prospective buyerswill be shown through the house and premises. Possession given twenty days.HARRIS SPEAKES.L. D. HARRIS, Business ManagerCOL. GEO. D. SPEAKES, AuctioneerIftnuoiuxmmwtTwitH:?gfetg?yg3ESij;j-. v " - '-w; l - -? ?JS4Vr-j.., -t-'' J ' .rt-cUr-4 FKIDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1919. . " vTHE BOTOBOK JGEWS, PAMS, KEHTirCETg-?v, " t I'M. j ?A -SICSms$FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEATTENTION, FARMERS!Bring in your Seed Wheat andlet us clean it for you. Telephone us and we will arrangeto clean your wheat the sameday it is brought in.CHAS..S. BRENT & BRO.aug26-tf). oBOYS' RAINCOATSGuaranteed to shed water $7 forall sizes.J. W. DAVIS & CO.oD. OF C MEETINGThe regular meeting of RichardHawes Chapter, Daughters of Confederacy, tvIII he held in the Confederate room in the court house tomorrow (Saturday) afternoon at 2:30o'clock. As this will he one of theChapter's most important meetingall the members are urgently requested to attend.oFOOT BALL GAME.The Paris High School and theMillersburg Military Institute football teams will play on the WrightPield, near the city limits, Mondayafternoon, October 20. The gamewill he called at 3:00 o'clock. Bothteams are in excellent fettle and agood scrimmage for gridiron honorsmay be expected.. oSEE SPECIAL PRICES ON SHOTGUN GOODS.Special prices on all kinds of shotguns; repeater shell $1.10 box. Fullline of hunting goods.(It) FARMERS SUPPLY CO.. oSPECIAL REGISTRATIONFor the benefit of voters who wereof necessity out of the city, or whowere confined ,to their homes by illness, on the regular registration day,special registration days have beenset apart. These have been designated as Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday, October 27, 28 and 29. Thisspecial registration will be held inthe County Clerk's office.oFANCY COOKING APPLESvr-Nice lot of fancy cooking applesjust received. Let us fill your order.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.o-A TOUGH PROPOSITIONAs an indication of how things are"breaking" for the country newspapers, news print paper such as THENEWS is printed on, which cost $35a ton a few years ago, now costs$120 a ton. And yet county peopleexpect country newspapers to carryadvertisements and subscriptions att&e same prices as years ago. It isto worry!'to at? totvtotfRS MEETING ATCOURT HOUSE.A meeting of the Bourbon countybranch of the American WarMothers will be held in the CircuitCourt room in the court house, inthis city, at 2:30 o'clock, to-morrow(Saturday) afternoon, October18. The mother of every son anddaughter who served either in thearmy or the navy is urged to attendthis meeting.oTHE BEST INSURANCE.Insure your tobacco in thebarn against Fire and Windstorm withYERKES & PEED,Farmers & Traders Bank.(augl5-tf). o"OVER THE DAM5'For the first time since the newdam at the Paris Milling Co.'s plantas completed, water is now pouringover in volumes. Recent rains havefilled the banks of Stoner Creek tooverflowing, as are all streams in thecounty. The rise in the streams hascashed out the accumulated debrisand impurities of the summer season, assuring an abundant andwholesome water supply. The rainshave also helped the fall pasturage,the grass having been paiched bythe combined influences of sun andthe continued drouth. An abundance of stock water is now assuredto the farmers and stock raisers.oNEW OFFICERS INSTALLEDAt the rcent meeting of P. I. McCarthy Council No. 1955, Knights ofColumbus, at their lodge room inthis city, the following newly-electedofficers were installed, the installation work being done under thesupervision of Mr. Frank McCarthy,of Lexineton. District Deputy:Grand Knight Edward Gorey; Dep-Grand Knight Edward Gorey;Deputy Knight J. F. McCarthy; Re-corder John P. Rourke; Financial'Secretary Bernard J. Santen; Warden John Minogue; ChancellorWilliam Conley; Inside Guard Dr.31. F. Midden; Outside Guard JohnT. Kane; Advocate Frank Dona-hue; Trustees Jos. J. Grosche, Dr.7FCampbell and George!. Doyle:SOCIAL AM) PERSONAL.Comiags and Goings of OutPeople Here, There and ,Elsewhere.Mr. Oscar T. Hinton has gone toTexas on a business mission.Mr. Harry Jones has gone to HotSprings, Ark., for a ten-days' stay.Mrs. Ray Taylor and Mrs. GanoHildreth have rturned from a visit tofriends in Cincinnati.Mr. John M. Stuart is confinedto his home on Mt. Airy avenue,with an attack of tonsilitis.Mrs. C E. Douglass and daughter, of Richmond, are visiting relatives and friends in this city.Mr. and Mrs. Merritt Gambelland family will ' leave to-day forPensacola, Florida, to spend thewinter.Mr. A. B. Hancock, of the Claiborne Stock Farm, has gone toBlackwell, Oklahoma, on a businessmission.Cynthiana Democrat: "MissRuth Wheeler has returned to herhome, in Paris, after a visit to heruncle and aunt, Mr. and Mrs. B. P.Young, on Wilson avenue."Mr. and Mrs. David Butler,Miss Lou Butler, and Mrs. Butler'smother, Mrs. W. O. Butler, have returned from a visit to Mr. J. HenryButler and Mrs. Butler, in Latonia.Winchester Democrat: "Mr. andMrs. Geo. Parris are visiting the former's parents in the county beforegoing to Raleigh, N. C. Mr. Parrishas been in Winchester severalmonths undergoing treatment and isgreatly improved."' Mrs. M. A. Houston is a guest ofher sisters, Misses Ellen and ErieHenry, in Akron, Ohio. Mrs. Houston announces the marriage of hersister, Miss Ellen Henry, to Mr. Norman H. Suder, of Akron, to takeplace in that city, on October 23.The Amuse Dancing Club willgive a "Masquerade Dance" at theMasonic Temple, in this city, onMonday evening, October 27. Thehours will be from 9:00 p. m. to3:00 a. m. Music for the dancers willbe furnished by the Williams' Saxaphone Quintette. A special car willbe run from Lexington, returning after the dance.Flemingsburg Times-Democrat:"Miss Mary Dan Harbeson came inMonday night to visit her parents,Judge J. P. Harbeson and wife, afterhaving been in charge of the singingat a meeting in Danville for the pasttwo weeks. . . .Miss Carolyn Roseberry returned to her home in Paris,Saturday afternoon, after a visit toMrs. Nelson Fant Mrs. GarlandHopper accompanied her daughter,Mrs. John Dodge, as far as Paris,Saturday afternoon on her return toGreensburg, Ind."The home of Mrs. Owen Ingels,in Millersburg, was the scene of acharming tea given on Wednesdayafternoon in honor of Miss LouiseBruce, of Millersburg, whose wedding to Mr. James Lail, of this city,is announced for Wednesday, Oct.29. The tables and mantels weredecorated beautifully in autumnalflowers. A delicious calad course wasserved, consisting of chicken salad,cheesehalls, sandwiches, flot rons,coffee and home-made candies. Theinvited guests were: Mrs. J. K.Nunnelley, Georgetown ; MesdamesFrank Ireland Davis, Monroe Leer,Jesse M. Alverson, Louis Rogers,Paris; James Miller, Charles Martin,Frank Caldwell, Frankie Cook,Clarke Bascom, James Ellington,Carlton Ball, S. E. Bruce, W. G.Dailey, John Leer, W. D. Mclntyre,James Ralls, Millersburg; MissesMargaret Allen, Albert Moffett,Pauline Jones, Mary McDaniel, Mildred Bruce, Ollie -Fisher, EthelMingues, Alita Wilson and BettieVimont, Millersburg.(Other Personals on Page 3.)LOCAL TOBACCO MARKET TOOPEN IN DECEMBER.The local tobacco warehouses willsoon be put in readiness for theopening of the market, which willtake -place some time in December.The exact date for the opening hasnot been announced, but will be decided on at a meeting of "the Tobacco Board of Trade, to be held atan early date. The matter or supervisor of sales and other things connected with the opening of thehouses for the season will also beconsidered.Judging from the prices offered bybuyers in the field m this county forthe new crop, local dealers are of theopinion that the market prices willbe as high as they were last yearand probably higher for the bestgrades of tobacco. A price of eightycents a pound was offered in one instance to a grower and many offersof sixty and seventy cents a poundhave been heard of.THE PEOPLES' OPPORTUNITYKentuckians have never in theirlives had a finer opportunity to dothe State a real service than theywill have November 4. No candidateof any party ever measured up to ahigher standard of citizenship thanGovernor James D. Black. A Christian gentleman, whose life has beenan open book; respected and esteemed by his neighbors without regardto party; a lawyer of ability ana asuccessful business man, his candidacy should appeal .to those Keni,p1Hpti who hold the welfare of theState above any party and especiallyto those who have fought the battlesof Democracy for so many years.Governor Black has been a Democratin a section of Kentucky where menwere Democrats solely for principle.He is entitled to ,tW vote of everyDemocrat 'in Kentucky. He shouldget the vote of. every independent.Tf a does that the doom of the Republican millionaire combine is as- IFORMER BOTJRBONim REVISITSHIS OLD HOME.Colonel Hiram Rogers, former resident of Bourbon county, and one ofthe most prominent Confederates Inthe country, is visiting his old homein the county, the first time in &iteen years. Col. Rogers has beenvisiting his sister, Mrs. Samuel Clay;in Lexington, on his return fromthe annual reunion of the Confederates at Atlanta, Ga. His home is nowin Shreveport, Louisiana.In company with his sister, Mrs.Clay, Colf Rogers came to Paris, andwent out to the old home place, nearCane Ridge, where they visitedscenes of their early youth, andstrolled about the old place they hadboth known as the best place onearth to themwhen they were children. They spent several days visiting friends and relatives in thiscounty, and returned to Lexington.Colonel Rogers was a boy of seventeen when he enlisted in the Confederate army. He fought with theBourbon county company in Col. W.C. P. Breckinridge's command, andwas also in the advance guard ofGeneral John H. Morgan's famousband of horsemen. His brother,Capt. James J. Rogers, was a member of General Morgan's staff, andwas captured at the time Morganwas killed. Colonel Rogers has beenInspector-General of the Louisianadivision of the United ConfederateVeterans.NICE PIECE OF WORK FROM THENEWS JOB ROOMS.THE NEWS job rooms has justturned out a neat piece of work inthe shape of the printed minutes ofthe Tenth Annual Assembly of theKentucky Conference EpworthLeague of the Methodist Church,held in Winchester, last June. Thebook comprises twenty-four pages,and is an excellent piece of mechanical workmanship. Several half-tonecuts of prominent Epworth Leagueofficials and a group showing themembers of the Assembly, ornamentthe book. The minutes were compiled by the secretary of Assembly,Miss Elizabeth Clark, assisted byMr. Dennis V. Snapp, of Paris, president of the State Epworth League.The book is full of facts and figuresof great interest to the members ofthe League, and is in every respectjust as it has been termed by a Parismember, "One of the nicest pieces ofprinted work I have seen for years."oA VALUABLE HIDEA few days ago a steer belongingto Mr. James H. Thompson, had itsleg broken. The animal was killedto end its sufferings. The hidewhen taken off weighed 105 poinds.Mr. Thompson sold the hide forthirty-two cents a pound, a total of$34.88, the price of a good steer afew years ago.Butter and EggsWantedFresh country butter and eggscan find a ready market with us.Highest market prices paid.THE BONE DRY CAFE,(17-3t) Main Street, Paris, Ky.House For SaleFive-room cottage on VirginiaAvenue. Has gas, electric lights andwater. Can be bought reasonable ifsold within the next few days. Immediate possession. Call eitherphone 81.(17-lt) J. M. SMELSER. 'THE FAIRUNDERSELLING PRICESFor Saturday OnlyGenuine Silver Plated Ware, TeaSpoons, a set 49 cents; Table Spoons,a set 98 cents; Knives and Forks, aset ?1.98; Dessert Spoons, a set 69cents.Gray Mottled Enamelled Ware,your choice 10 cents, 15 cents, 20cents and 25 cents, such as Preserving Kettles, Stew Pans, Sauce Pans,Covered Buckets, Berlin Kettles,Milk Pans, Pot Covers, Dippers, BakePans, Wash Basin, etc.Fine Singing Canary Birds, eacn$2.50; Gold Fish, each 10 cents.Bird Seed 10 cents; Bird Manna10 cents; Bird Cages, Bird Cups,Moulting Pepper, a full line of Birdsupplies.White Bristol Slop Jars, each 98,cents; Japaned Slop Jars, 98 cents;Pure White Enamelled Slop Jars, 12quart size, ?3.00 value at $2.39.Flower Pots, all sizes from 6 centsup; one-half gallon Stone Pitchers,white lined, each 23 cents? all sizesStone Churns and Jars, Stove Polish,nrtn "Rinn-mpl. Varnish Stains, allcolors, at special low prices for Saturday only.HrPTio Paner. 10 feet long, allcolors, 5 cents a roll; fine qualityEnvelopes, Heavy Stock, 25 in apackage, good value at 10 cents apackage, 4 packages for 13 cents; aBig Bargain, remember Saturdayonly, 25-cent Cotton Jersey Glovesin white, black and tan at 19 centsa pair.Tjivtviiiav Handles, with holders, abox 15 cents; extra large sfcse toilet'Paper, per roll 10 cents.T H E JEALRjf u.HARRY SIMON224 W. Main St.Lexington, Ky.iaalBa Bj aaaMBffYaaaBBB I B- BB.Bm B'if jjrjn jjBBBv 5? f is JBl BB.iflfrfl V $ e are aso snowng an attractive j wigJul If I line of Silk Underwear and Hosiery. I m411 II m I yB11 ! IJ).MS aBBBBBBlBBT jt A BBfHB4K &jfirk rli IA Ht BflHP - 111 lif K fl AMVe have o store?u ofStyttsVt, Newrurnnure.Come m and AckoiA wtaA you need.VltTHE J.EITHERPHONE 36Motor HearseAnnouncesThe arrival ot many unusual and attractivemodels in Autumn's most approved fabrics and colorings.mmmwK?iPOTW(E EmmaMrs. HomeloVer:Buying new furniture for your home will be aneasy task if you come straight to our store.The furniture and rugs We Will sell you will becorrect in style, HIGH in QUALITY and PRICEDLOW. 'Gome to us for what you want for your home.Our store is a reliable place to trade. We Valueour reputation.i,-T. HINTON CO.PARIS, KENTUCKYMotor Invalid Coachv .Main StreetParis, Ky.V-j-;.t.Jff --v?--&?&& .t4 -. r." rSIXTH AND MAIMI aaTsa. - .31FtiVt.li11-.4M9Witl1'sured Novemoer sin.J&Lr?' Y-rjk j&-"VWC -M.V,fAi .-"ST3Sv T ,srjMaTHE BOTJBBOH NEWS, PAWS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, 0CT0B1R 17, 1111! $i-i"' ',,r'twL:y!)twmmmmmmmmmmmmmmimmtmmimmmmmmmmmmmm--Kv.SAFE, GENTLE REMEDYBRINGS SURE RELIEFTef 1 00 yart GOIJ KETfcA HaarlemOil has enabled suffering humanity to-wftfeat&nd attacks of kidney, liver,Madder and stomach troubles and all41easea connected with the urinarycgans'and to build up and restore to.fee&lth. organs weakened by disease.These most important organs must bo-watched, because they filter and purifythe blood; unless they do their, workyou are doomed.-Weariness, sleeplessness, nervousness,4Mpondency, backache, stomach trouble, pains in the loms and lower ab4oss, gravel, difficulty when urinatjg, rheumatism, sciatica and lumbagoall warn you of trouble with your kidney. GOL MEDAL. Haarlem Oil Capsules are the remedy you need. Taktthree or four every day. The healingoil soaks into the cells and lining olthe kidneys and drives out the poisonsNew life and health will surely follow.When your normal vigor has been restored continue treatment for a whilfto keep yourself In condition and prevent a return of the disease.Don't wait until you are Incapable offighting. Start taking GOL MEDALHaarlem Oil Capsules today. Your druggist will cheerfully refund your moneyif you are not satisfied with results.But be sure to get the original imported GOLD MEDAL and accept no substitutes. In three sizes. Sealed packages. At all drug stores.HAD ENOUGH TO MAKE HMGROUCHY.There is an editor down on ParkRow, in New York, who is a professional "anti" a part of the eternalNo among his friends. In anygathering he always takes the viewthat others oppose. As a result heis not extremely popular. Somehody asked him the other day what"was the reason for his obstinance.''Well," he said, "anybody can bepopular just by being agreeable. Ilike being unpopular and besides I'vegot dyspepsia."TELEGRAPH COMPANY RAISESPAY OE ALL EMPLOYESSimultaneously with announcement of a general 15 per cent, increase in pay for Western Union employes of a year or more service and10 per cent for those of more thansix months, effective January 1,Newcomb Carlton, president of thecompany, declared that negotiationsbetween the Western Union andrepresentatives of its workers are inprogress "looking to some plan of income sharing."400 STUDENTS ARE NOW TAKINGCCTHE FUGAZZI WAY"The first month of the Fall Session finds us with an enrollmentof 400 pupils. Every indication points to this number beingincreased to 500 before the end of October.Our equipment and teaching force has been further increasedin anticipation of this greatly increased enrollment, but inorder to avoid any possible disappointments we should like tohear at once from all those who are thinking of taking a business course this Fall. Simply write us the daje you are planning to come and we will reserve a place for you.Remember we court a thorough investigation.Send For Free Catalogue"The Fugazzi Way"Here is a book written for ambitious young men and womenwho want to get along in the world. It contains a personalmessage for every young man, every young woman. It 'describes in full our methods and ideas, our various courses andadvantages of each, rates of tuition with much o(her information of vital interest to you.Send for this. catalogue right now; get your copy immediately.It's FREE for the asking.FUGAZZISCHOOL OF BUSINESSIncorporated"Efficiency Is Our Watchword"PROF. H. B. SOUTHERN, President MRS. L. V. JONES. Principal.L. P. SOUTHERN, Vice President and Business Manager118 NORTH UPPER STREET LEXINGTON, KY.Phone J576-XSTATE BOARD OF HEALTHISSUES IMPORTANTDOCUMENTThe State Board of Health liasjust sent out to the press of theState a report of the mortality statistics of the State for" the sixmonths ending June 30, 1919. Inthe light of the recent terrible epidemic of influenza, this report,which gives the evidence of a continued, though declining high deathrate from influenza and pneumonia,should prove of interest, and serveas a warning of a possible recurrence, to our people.In order to be prepared for another such emergency the StateBoard of Health has written to everyCounty Judge in the State, urgingthe importance of establishing aCounty Health Department, with theservices of a full-time Health Officer. The law providing for this wasenacted in 1918, and affords thebest opportunity for actual diseaseprevention and lowered death ratethat has ever been given the peopleof the State. This law provides fora daily report of all contagious orinfectious diseases by the physicianto such a Health Department, andthis phase is of the most vital importance in anticipating and takingsteps. for the prevention of any epidemic. The report as submitted bythe State Board of Health follows:Total deaths (still births excluded), 17,663.Annual death rate, 15.9.Total births," 27,142.Annual birth rate, 22.8.IMPORTANT AGESUnder one year, 2,623.One to five years, 2,045.Sixty-five years and over, 4,017.IMPORTANT CAUSES OF DEATH.Tuberculosis of lungs, 2,010.Other tuberculosis, 221.Pneumonia, 1,919.Whooping Cough, 100.Diphtheria croup, 100.Scarlet fever, 23.Meningitis, 213.Measles, 178.Typhoid fever, 155.Infant Diarrhoea, 256.Hookworm, 1.Influenza, 4,356.Puerperal Septicemia, 85.Cancer, 572.Violence, 780.Pellagra, 45.Malaria, 18.Syphillis, 46.More EconomicalThan CoffeeBetter for Healthand Costs LessInstant PostumA table drink made"quick as a wink byplacing a spoonful in acup," then adding hotwater, and sugar andcream to taste.InstantPOSTUMA BEVERAGECCaBason??INFLUENZA-PNEUMONIAJanuary, all deaths, 4,321; influenza, 1,836; pneumonia, 492.Pebruary, all deaths, 3,511; influenza, 1,113; pneumonia, 473.March, all deaths, 3,604; influenza, 976; pneumbnia, 498.April, all deaths 2,374; influenza,266; pneumonia, 223.May, all deaths, 1,998; influenza,74; pneumonia, 118.June, all deaths, 1,855; influenza,43; pneumonia4, 78.oME"11MEANSAISGENUiNEGet Relief Without Fear As Told In"Bayer Package."' for POSTUMMade hyPostum Cereal CompanyBattle Creek, Mich.Sold by Grocers and General StoresNo Raise in PriceWOOD, STUBBS & COMPANY7 CUMULATIVE PREFERRED STOCKjPntered as to assets and dividends. Annual Sinking Fund payments of. 30 of net earnings "will be used to purchase Preferred Stock at not over! 110 mmd accrued dividend.. Kft rolngs for past three years have averaged over four times vdlvidendJttfilaaments on this stock.Net fnlck assets equal $131 per share on all Preferred Stock, and total net( equal $259 per share.PRICE lOO. Special Circular on Request.JAMES C. WILLSON & CO..210 S. Fifth Street, LOUISVILLE, KY.f J fBAVlkii)The "Bayer Cross" on Aspirin tablets has the same meaning at 14Karat on gold. Both mean genuine."Bayer Tablets of Aspirin" shouldbe taken according to the safe andproper directions in each "Bayer"package. Be sure the "Bayer Cross"is on package and on tablets. Thenyou are getting the genuine Aspirinprescribed by physicians for overeighteen years for the relief ofColds, Pain, Headache, Toothache,Earache, Rheumatism, Lumbago,Neuritis.For a few cents you can get ahandy tin box containing twelvetablets. Druggists also sell larger"Bayer" packages. Aspirin is thetrade mark of Bayer Manufacture ofMoneaceicacidester of Salicyicacid.(adv)EGGS AT $1.35 PER DOZENAROUSE BRITONS TO ACTIONProfiteering in eggs is attractingthe attention of the 'English FoodMinistry, because of complaintswhich are reaching it from all partsof the country. In some London districts the retail price is $1.35 a dozen, and the cheapest is $1. If thiscondition continues, it is announced,the ministry will step in to protectthe consumer.JAMES STUCKY SAYS, "RAT COSTME $125 FOR PLUMBINGBILLS.""We couldn't tell what was clogging up our toilet and drains. Wehad to tear up floor, pipes, etc.,found a" rat's nest in basement.They had choked up pipes wiih refuse. The plumber's bill was S125.RAT-SNAP cleaned the rodent out."Three sizes, 25c, 50c, $1.00. Soldand guaranteed by the Farmers' Supply Company.(oct-adv)- - rr - -111 H8H fpiihPSllffllrllsiH 1 lullMilWMmmmmm lllmrCopyright 1818 byB.J. Reynolds Tobacco 60,HTALK about smokes, Prince Albert1 is geared to a ioyhandout standardthat just lavishes smokehappiness onevery man game enough to make a bee line for atidy red tin and a jimmy pipe old or new!Get it straight that what you've hankered for iripipe or cigarette makin's smokes you'll find aplentyin P. A. That's because P. A. has the quality!You, can't any more make Prince Albert bite yourtongue or parch your throat than you can make a horsedrink when he's off the water I Bite and parch are cutout by our exclusive patented process 1You just lay back like a regular fellow and puff to beatthe cards and wonder why in samhill you didn't nail asection in the P. A. smokepasture longer than you careto rememberback!Buy Prince Albert everywhere tobacco is sold. Toppy red bags,tidy red tins, handsome pound and half pound tin humidors and-that clever, practical pound crystal glass humidor with sponge -vmoistcner top that keeps the tobacco in such perfect condition.R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co., Winston-Salem, N. CINDIGESTION, BIIIUOSNESS, CONSTIPATJON. Chamberlain's Tablets have restored to health and happiness hundredswho were afflicted with indigestion,biliousness and constipation. If youare troubled in this way give them atrial. You are certain to be pleasedfor they will benefit you.(oct-adv)MARGOLEN'SBIG SPECIALSFor This Week10-pound bucket PureLard for $3.00.Pure Pork Sausage3 pounds for $ 1 .OOeeeeeeesee9eI HENDRICKSiiTHE SCREEN MAN"All Metal Window Screeifsand Weather StripsHIGGINS MANUFACTURING CO.MAKERS OFWINDOW EQUIPMENTPork ChopsBest Cuts Steaks.....35c..35cEoast 25cSpring LambHindquarters 35cFrontquarters 30cMARGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketFALLSHOWINGorMILLINERYFOR IMMEDIATEWEARTWIN BROS.Department Store7th and Main Paris, KyWhen you think of Window Screens and WeatherStrips, think of HENDRICKS.When yoifthink of Hendricks, think of WINDOWSCREENS and WEATHER STRIPS.Mis Name is T. A: HENDRICKS2 and he lives and has offices at264 Rand Ave., Lexington, Ky.Telephone 2585J A card simply addressed to '''Hendricks, the ScreenS Man," will reach him, as he is the best known screen2 man in Kentucky.Ninety-eight per cent of the screens in Bourbon2 county are Higgins Manufacturing Company make.J Higgins Metal Screens and Strips are recognized asJ the best by all good architects.mmmwmmmmmmmmmmTrtttttt9t999999t' im,-s,us-jiJai:TnSPECIAL SALEDetroit Jewel Stoves, Rangesand FurnacesMr, S. E. Guinn, of the Detroit StoveWorks, is with us for a few days.Come in and let him explain to youthe remarkable performances of theJewel Pipeless furnace and Combination Coal and Gas Ranges.GET A J EW ELAND SAVE FUELT. W. SPICER314 Main St. Paris, Kentuckytll.-.IA- ,.EmmnnflSend That Next Job of Printing to TheBourbon News. Best Work; Right PricesIyU -;v).f1. --' - mm mam ,FRIDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1919THE BOTTBBOH HEWS. BAMS, KEHTTTCTT0"iM"""""""""""""CORN CROP AVERAGES 23 BUSH' EIS TO ACREii i rI : T Ik"" - IHE?.. .4- , 'f N'' V"ft k SaiiBBflB. LBZ BaaaaaaaV ABaaiA man'sbestpalis his smokeENSLiSLNI), ITALY AND FRANCESIGN PEACE TREATY.WASHINGTON, Oct. 14. Official information of ratification ofthe German Peace Treaty by theFrench Senate, following action ofthe French Chamber of Deputies,was received by Secretary LansingMonday.Mr. Lansing also was advised thatthe Paris Journal Official publishedeTHE UNIVERSAL CARttThe Ford One Ton Truck is serving businessJust as faithfully and economically as does the:Ford Touring Car serve all the people faithfullyand economically. The Ford Truck is a necessity vto the grocer both in delivering goods andin bringing goods from the stations, docks andfromthe country., It is an ideal motor carbecause there isn't a want of the farmer orbusiness man that it doesn't supply in the wayof quick transportation at a minimum expense.Cnmp. in. examine the Truck, and let us talk(over the subject.i ... jsRUGGLES MOTOR CO,16 Ba nk Row, Paris, Ky.'?:t . r yNothing goes with me likeC2e5. FieldrEVERY Chesterfield you light begins andends with satisfy. For Chesterfieldsset no limit on your smoking enjoyment.Their smooth, rich, even flavor keeps righton pleasing your taste down to the lastV half-inch.And no wonder.The great buying organization we maintain in the Orient makes it possible for. usto obtain the pick of the finest Turkishleaf. Experts blend these tobaccos with thebest Domestic leaf; not in any hit-or-missfashion, but hy our own exclusive processthat never varies.And actually this process brings out hidden flavors and new delights that give tothis cigarette a satisfying quality 0II itsown. We don't care what cigarette, you'vec been smoking, you'12 like Chesterfieldsbetter.s s m a it ip s sland the blend h'-'Wcant be copied jmlaws authorizing President Poincare to ratify the peace and alliancetreaties, and decrees abolishing thestate of siege and censorship. Official promulgation of the treatieswith the President's ratification isexpected in four or five days.A press dispatch, October 10, reported that Great Britain's ratification of the peace treaty has been dispatched to Paris for deposit, according to terms of the treaty. Thea good story'tysl&jCS'&jL't4v o-xrcszcaeHouse of Commons of the BritishParliament approved it September11 and the House of Lords, the following day.From Italy a press association earned an announcement October 7that the King signed' October 6 adecree approving both German. andAustrian treaties and stating thatthe decree would be presented to theItalian Parliament "for conversioninto law." 'Japan has not yet acted on thepeace treaty. vThe German Assembly ratified thetreaty July 9, and it was signed byPresident Ebert the same day,WILL YOU SAVE 50c ON RATSNAP TO SAVE $100?One 50c package can kill 50 rats.The average rat will rob you of $10a year in feed, chicks and propertydestruction. RAT-SNAP is deadly torats. Cremates after killing.Leaves no smell. Comes in cakes.Rats will pass up meat, grain,cheese to feast on RAT-SNAP. Threesizes, 25c, 50c, $1.00. Sold andguaranteed by the Farmers' SupplyCompany.(oct-adv)CLOTHING INCLUDED IN PROFITEERING PUNISHMENTThe Senate and House adopted theconference report on amendmentsextending the food control act to-in-cludeclothing and food containersand providing punishment for profiteering and hoarding. The bill nowgoes to the President, who asks forthis legislation as a weapon againstthe high cost of living.WHERE THRE'S A BABY ON THEFARM TnraP RAT-SNAPRats are on most farms. Oncethey get inside the house look out.Rats kill infants biting them is notunusual. Nuraing bottles attractrats. Break a cake of RAT-SNAPand throw it around. It will surelyrid you of rats and mice. Threesizes 25c, 50c, $1.00. Sold andguaranteed by the Farmers' SupplyCompany.(oct-adv)Although the season ttiis year wasone of the dryest on record, the corncrop in Kentucky averaged only twobushels an acre under, last year.This report was made by Commissioner of Agriculture Matt S. Cohen.He says that the average this year is23 bushels an acre, as compared with25 bushels average in 1918, whichalso was a dry year. The quality isgiven at 85 per cent. The estimatedproduction for the State according toabove estimates would be somethingover 77,000,000 bushels.The final estimate on wheat makesan average of 10.5 bushels an acre,or a total estimated production of10,983,000 bushels. This is considerably less than last year, but whilethe State acreage was increased theproduction averaged two bushels lessan acre this year.The condition of Burley tobacco isgiven at 75 per cent, with an estimated average yield of 708 poundsan acre, with about 75 per cent ofcrop housed. The condition of darktobacco is 81 per cent and an estimated average yield of 794 poundsan acre, with 67 per cent, of thecrop housed. The total number ofpounds of all tobacco produced isgiven on the preliminary estimate tobe 413,821,000 pounds.Hemp is a short crop, with smallacreage, and the few estimates received on this would indicate a lightyield.The yield of potatoes is indicatedto be 59.5 bushels an acre, with condition given at 72 per cent, indicating a production of 4,165,000 bushels this year. While the sweet potato yield is estimated at 91 bushelsan acre average, with condition of87 per cent, indicating a State production of 1,092,000 bushels.The third cutting of alfalfa averaged 1.02 tons per acre.THE TEST OP MERITParis People Are Given ConvincingProof.No better test of any article canbe made than the test of time andthis is particularly true of a kidneymedicine. Doan's Kidney Pills havestood this test and stood it well.What better proof of the merits ofthis remedy could you demand, thanthe statement of a Paris residentwho used it successfully and tells oflasting results.Read the following: NGeo. McCandles, Second street,says: "My kidneys were inactiveand I had backaches. Doan's Kidney Pills put a stop to all thetroubles and they gave me completerelief." (Statement given January17, 1912.)No Trouble Since.Over four years later, or on November 9, 1916, Mr. McCandles said:"I have not had any need of a kidneyremedy since I last endorsed Doan'sKidney Pills. I consider myself permanently cured."Price 60c. at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. McCandles had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.(adv)For toy electric railroads an inventor has patented a section thatsounds a whistle as a train passesover it.CHAMBERLAIN'S COUGHEDY.REM-This remedy is intended especiallyfor coughs, xiolds, croup and whooping cough. From a small beginningits sale and use has extended to allparts of the United States and tomany foreign countries. This aloneis enough to convince one that it isa medicine of more than ordinarymerit. Give it a trial and you willfind this to be the case.(oct-adv)BWGHTEJCSBeEVENINGSNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.G tec trie siyfor CablingIt's the only satisfactory way.use Sasfor Rearing and CookingIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix You UpFor the Use of BothElectricity and Gas.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(InoorpArated) . ,-SWifl9c a package5c a package5c a packageTHE FLAVOR LASTSSO DOES THE PRICE!IMMIinHIIIIIMIMIIIIIIIIIIIIUlf IllltnilllMri-- -A TThe J. T.UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMERSMainand SixthStreetsParis-I. Cl&Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with aurLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.W i wTm i fn Ti I ? ?l-3UBiMmmtmmi.-nun rrrMTWffiiy",Y8lHry:' inBTWffji fryTlWiaMaSHPaPWMTijJCMjBWHMLLJl i T ' Tin i r iii limriiirin iMMCaUyi i,li'iLl'Hm. M..M.M. a.M. mmm. .. W.M.M.M.M. t. r, t. .. tSave TimeBy-Using aHome TelephoneResidence rate ranging from 1.35 to3.00 per month for Bourbon Coitnty 1aervice.Place your order now and avoid tliejjfall rush on installs. - .IfAric nnmA I AlAKirkv2. J9 AI.M.L:L. ".-r mw m EmmwMmmwi y ririii'mm -Company(Incorporated)J. J. Veatch, District Mtnti;before the. warduring the war:.NOWtf .Ss2Hinton Co. IKv KSttTsS fJ-J or Home 236c... . ... .. "TfirTIHHHHHand Mcmeij"aW. HrCtutB, Loot! Xtaagecf ' -i'J rkr-VA& --1MSI EIGHTTHE BOURBON NEWS, J PARIS, KEHTTJCKTS&S, -, .ti-PRIUAT, OCTOBER 17, 1919:::1IKii '1i I1B11j4MILLERSBURGMr. William Parker improvesJilowly.Mrs. C. B. Smith, is visiting relatives in, Paris.-Mrs. T. 1. Best, of Maysville, is)Uie guest of relatives here.Mr. J. T. Judy was in Cincinnati on business Wednesday.Miss Bessie Sharp, of SharpsBurg, is at the bedside of Mrs. AnnaBarnes, who is quite ill.The Pastors' Aid Society of theMillersburg Presbyterian churchIield an all-day meeting Wednesdayht the church.See our new line of gym bootsland rubbers. We are prepared, toprotect you from rain and snow infootTyear-rR. M. CALDWELL.- Mrs. R. M. Caldwell and mother,"Mis. Bayles DeBell, the latter ofSwing, were guests of Mrs. GeorgeJeffreys, at Lexington, Wednesday.Mrs. Jennie Allen Neal returnedSaturday from Cincinnati, where shelias been under treatment for heryes for a few days by Dr. Fail.Mrs. Schmdtt, of Chicago, willlecture in the interest of the prohibition measures, at the Methodist'(Church, in this city, to-night, Friday, October 17, at 7:30 o'clock.See the "Viking Separator," themost complete, the most economicand the cheapest cream separator onhe market.R. M. CALDWELL,,Agt.1 Dr. C. W. Mathews and Mr.Cleveland Wagoner were given the"Entered, Apprentice degree in AmityXodge No. 40, F. & A. M., Tuesdayjevening. The work was put on byMr. R, C. Bonar, W. M.Members of the Millersburg colored Methodist church held an interesting ceremony recently, at' whichvhey burined the mortgage whichtwas held on the building. Thechurch was built in 1913 at a cost of$10,000, all of which has been paid,leaving the edifice clear of indebtedness.' MATRIMONIAL.Marriage licenses were issuedWednesday from the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton to the followingparties: Roy Smith, 21, and MissRuth Paynter, 22, Nicholas county;James Byson, 22, and Miss ElvaRyson, 16, Bourbon county; MerleF. Adams, 25, Pittsfield, 111., andMiss Ada Plummer, 23, Bourboncounty.tEESE ALSO SERVE BY CONTRIBUTION.r "We regard those who contribute$0 the Salvation Army Home Ser'Sce F"nd as no less a part of the:knnyr devoted work than the onesTOho wear Salvationist's Uniform,"isays Geo. R. Campbell, State Director. "Without the aid of the good;?rood friends who contribute andresist in our campaign, the Salva--t'on Army would be unable to effect,-"the great work" which it is daily- spressing forward in all parts ofAmerica. The campaign friends we"find all over the State are indeedshares in every devoted thing" thatithe Salvation Army accomplishes."Mrs. Pasy McNamara, of MtSterling, announces the engagementof her daughter, Miss Gertrude McNamara, to Mr. Edward Mathias, ofCarlisle. The wedding will occur thelatter part of this month. Miss McNamara and Mr. Mathias are bothwell-known in this city, where theyhave frequently visited. The brideelect has for many years been cashier in the office of the CumberlandTelephone Co., at Mt. Sterling. Mr.Mathias is a prominent young business man of Carlisle, and a brotherof Mr. John Mathias, former newspaper man of that city.Alamo GrandAfternoon EvenlnsTODAYDOROTHYIn Allen Holubar's SuperProduction "THE HEARTof HUMANITY"ADMISSIONAdults 31c plus 3c war tax. .35cChildren and Gallery22c plus 3c war tax 25cAlamo Night OnlyToday, FridayLila LeeIN"The Heart of Youth"AlsoAlso Anne Luther and CharlesHutchison in"The Great Gamble"ADMISSIONAdults 18c plus 2c war tax 20cChildren 9c plus lc war tax 10cALAMO and GRANDTomorrow, SaturdayMabel NormandIN"UPSTAIRS"A story of the sunny side oflife.Also James Corbett in "TheMidnight Man."Also Cristie ComedyADMISSIONAdults 18c plus 2c war tax 20cChildren and Gallery '9c plus lc war tax. . , 10cALAMO and GRANDMonday, October 20thVictor MooreINTHK CLOWNAlso Sennett Comedy, "Trying to Get Along, and HolmesTravel Picture.ADDED ATTRACTION-San-dos,in acrobatic feats,ADMISSIONAdults 18c plus 2c war tax 2cChildren and Gallery9c plus lc war tax lieRELIGIOUS.LOCKRIDGE COX.The wedding of Miss Mary Elizabeth Iiockridge, of Fayette county,to Mr. Frank Leon Cox, of nearParis, was solemnized Wednesday afternoon, at two o'clock, at the homeof Mr. and Mrs. S. F. McCormick, inLexington. The Rev. Joseph T.Myers, pastor of the Old Unionchurch., officiated.The ceremony was performed inthe parlors of the McCormick home,which were decorated for the occasion with ferns and asparagus foliage and palms. Miss Ethel Congleton played the wedding march, andduring the ceremony played as amusical number "To A "Wild Rose."About thirty guests were present.Immediately after the ceremonyMr. and Mrs. Cox left for Cincinnati, from where they will go to St.Louis and Kansas City, Mo., where !they will remain for ten days ontheir honeymoon. On their returnthey will be at home in Georgetown,where the groom is engaged in railroad work. He is a son of Mr. andMrs. Charles J3. Fox, of Elizabeth.Both the bride and groom are attractive and very popular in CentralKentucky.oThe New Era Conference of theKentucky Synod of the Presbyterianchurch in the United States willmeet in Harrodsburg on October23-24.The Christian churches of Bourbon county were well represented atthe great International Conventionof the DisciDles of Christ: whichconvened at Masonic Hall, in Cincinnati, last Monday. Rev. W. E.Ellis, pastor of the Paris church,Rev. Frank M. Tinder, pastor of theNorth Middletown church, and Rev.I. C. Van Winkle, of the Millersburgchurch, will probably remain duringthe entire sessions of the week.Others are attending only those sessions in which they are especiallyinterested. Many Bourbon countyladies attended the C. W. B. M.meeting, others the Bible School sessions.DEATHS.TIME EXTENDED.Mr. Jos. Morris, of Lexington,Supervisor of the Census for the Seventh Kentucky District, writes Postmaster J. Walter Payne, of Paris',that the time for Bourbon county.applicants to file their blanks hasbeen extended from October 15 to October 22. Mr. Morris requests aliipersons desiring to make applicationfor a place in the census-taking forceunder his supervision, to call onPostmaster Payne, at the Government building, in this city, and secure application blanks and instructions.The preacher who, fights the devilwith his own weapons soon discovers that the devil has the most ammunition. oAnd sometimes when a man's j There are always two sides to afaults are buried with his bones the story, and the scandalmonger canlatter have too much company. generally provide five or six more.IFOpening DisplayNew Fall BootsitGreatest selections of most magnificent Fall Footwear we have ever offered. Superior in everydetail of quality and style, we have marked pricesthat must be a strong incentive to buy now.BE CORRECTLY SHOD !See the new models,compare prices, andthe big savings affordedwill surely make itworth your attention.4 fII ij yU IIu I "!11 !n S aB ' ! iI i ft II . fi V; jt JL1)ie$Ladies' soft, smooth-fitting Kid, inblack and brown, Louis or Cubanheel, W.-O. and other best makes. . .$7.95Men's Walk-Over, dark tan, madeon the English or other lasts foryour fit, at$7.95School Shoes For Boys and GirlsWear-Resisting, Stylish Shoes at Prices FarLess Than They Can Be Made.DON'T MISS THIS OPPORTUNITY. Have the children properly shodfor school with a pair of these good looking and serviceable shoes. Seethem and compare prices.Growing Girls' Mahogany Tan Eng. j ncShoe's at ..wSoaaw.En.g'.$4.00and $3.49Misses' Gun Metal English Boots djo jaMisses' and Children's Gun Metal 9 jaBooti at y&.'tVMen's MahoganyShoes atTanE!h.$5,95&iS?.S?. .En.t$3.49 and $4.50...$3.49..$1.99Boys' Gun Metal English ShoesatBoys' Gun Metal Lace Shoes -at,DANParis' Greatest Shoe StoreCOHENWhere Beauty and Economy Reign- SNELL.Mrs. Mollie F. Snell, wife of Mr.W. B. Snell, died Tuesday night ather home in Lexington, after a short Jillness of heart disease. Mrs. Snellwas fifty-seven years old, and was anative of Scott county. She is survived by her husband and five children, one of whom, Mr. Harold W.Snell, is a resident of Bourbon county. The other children are: Mrs.Mary Wallingford, Louisville; MaryFrederica and Leah M. Snell, of Lexington. Her aged mother, Mrs. Elizabeth Lawless, and three brothers,also survive.The funeral was "held at the residence in Lexington, yesterday afternoon at 2:30 o'clock, with servicesconducted by her pastor. The interment followed on the family lot inthe Lexington Cemetery. The activepall-bearers were: Charles Snell,Henry Snell, Canby Nutter, ClarenceNutter, Willam Hanks and Ira Wallingford ; honorary Claude Smith.H. Ed. Ross, William Wood, Dr.Ernest Bradley, Robert O. Turnerand John Milburn.SMITH.i Mrs. Levina Smith, aged fiftythree, widow of Noah Smith, died ather home in Jacksonville, this county, Tuesday night, after a long illness, due to a complication of diseases. Mrs. Smith was a daughter ofthe late Thomas and Angelia Current, who resided in the Jacksonvillevicinity for many years.Mrs. Smith is survived by one son,Mr. Frank Smith; one sister, MissCarrie Current; four brothers,Frank, Oscar, Elijah and AllenSmith, all of this county.The- funeral was held yesterdaymqrning at eleven o'clock, with services conducted at the grave in theParis Cemetery, by Rev. J. T. Sharrard. The pall-bearers were: ClydeRyles, Kenney Houston, Nathan Linville, Samuel Houston, HerbertSmith and Noah Smith.PUBLIC UTILITIES WAKE UPPublic Utilities of Kentucky electric, gas, traction, water and telephone companies in a combined effort are to place their "after-war"case directly in the hands of the persons to whom they the responsibletheir customers.With the plight in which the railroads have been placed as an incentive for immediate action, united effort is to be made to place the factsregarding public utilities directly before the public and let it be thejudge and jury.Their composite "case" is to bemade known through the KentuckyCommittee on Public Utility Information, whose organization has justbeen announced. This committee,with offices in Louisville, is to operate "under the auspices of the Kentucky Association of Public Utilities,and other public service organizttions, and in the interest of theircustomers, investors and employees."The public utilities' plans call forthe expenditure of several milliondollars for rehibilitation work, extensions, and improvements. Theyare asking only for "sane, scientific,non-political and just treatment,"such as will enable them to performthe services imposed by their intimate relationship with the everydaylife of every man, woman and childin the State and the communities inwhich they operate.TRAINHEAVY GUNS ONMY'S WORKS.ENE-Big guns of the Democratic partyare to be unlimbered in Kentuckythis week and next and the Republican woods are to be shelled by Senators Beckman and Stanley, Congressmen Thomas, Kincheloe, Fieldsand Cantrill, of Kentucky; ThomasHefljn, of Arkansas, and RufusHardy, of Texas.The following speaking dates havebeen arranged by the DemocraticSpeakers Bureau for Bourbon county: Senator J. C. W. Beckham, atParis, Tuesday, October 21, afternoon; Hon. Mat S. Cohen, at Millersburg, Thursday, October 23, afternoon; at North Middletown,Thursday, October 23, evening.AlamoAfternoonFriday,GrandAt NightOctober 17thaThe HeartHumanity"The Biggest Picture in 10 YearsThe Picture That will Live ForeverAllan Holubar's Super-ProductionFeaturingDorothy PhillipsrA tremendous Thtmo a romance of the great warand a story off love that passeth all understanding."A tremendous picture" Town Topics."Panoramas unsurpassed on the screen." NewYork Evening Sun.'One of the most stirring films ever presented inNew York." New York Eyening World."Of the utmost interest. "New York World."Our advice is, go see 'The Heart of Humanity."New York Tribune. ."A distinct achievment in motion picture creation."New York Times."Its intense story will hold you to the end." NewYork Evening Telegram."Spectators thrilled to it with enthusiasm." NewYork Herald.'Conceived with a skill and intelligence that lift ithigh above its competitors. So stupendous that it claimsa distinction all its own." New York Evening Mail.ADMISSIONAdults 31c plus 4c war taxChildren and Gallery 22c plus 3c war tax.35c25cSTOCK, CROP, ETC.Charles Layson, of near Millersburg, sold to Monte Fox, of Danville, seventeen head of 1,350-poundcattle at 14 cents a pound.Bert McClintock bought of Homer Ratliff, of Sharpsburg, twentyhead of feeding cattle. Mr. McClintock will ship to the Cincinnati market to-morrow a carload of butchercattle, weighing from 800 to 1,200pounds for which he paid from eightto eleven cents a pound.FOEARMENIAN ANDREEIF.SYRIANPARIS "PANS" GLAD CINCINNATIWON OUT.Personally we try to stay sane;but sometimes -we fear we are aboutjvto be seized ;by the craze for, easyParis "fans" are very well pleased that Cincinnati won the world'sseries baseball championship. Thescoreboard on the window at theCahal Bros.' shop was the center ofinterest each afternoon, when therewas a game on. II any real baseball"fan" who was in Cincinnati at thetime failed to see at least one of thegames, it must have 'been his ownfault, for, the series going eightgames, gave all a chance to get inthe big park, notwithstanding thelarge crowds that attended the firstgames played there.The Reds came through withgreat gameness, and our hats are offto Manager Pat Morgan and hisgreat team. May they win a dozenmore pennants and championships ina row. Their victory this year hasbeen one of the best advertisementsthat Cincinnati has had for a longtime.There has been a very generoussponse from the public to the appeal made by the Relief Committeefor the destitute Armenians andSyrians. Contributions have come invery liberally, but there is need formore. Those who have not yet madedonations, may do so by leavingsecond-hand clothing, shoes, etc., formen, women and children, at C. B.Mitchell's store, on Main street.Look through your possessions, huntout articles of clothing as you mayfeel no further need for, and sendthem as your contribution for theneedy and suffering people of Armenia and Syria. It will leave younothing to regret.B-4 FIREInsure withW.O.H1NTON &SON,Agts' oJESSAMINE TOBACCO BARN DESTROYED IN EIRE.Another mistake a captain of industry sometimes makes is in talking to his. hired hands like his wifetalks' to him: ' ' - " VThe tobacco barn on the farm ofCharles H. Reister, about four mileswest of Nicholasville, was destroyedby fire Sunday morning about 2o'clock. The barn contained a quantity of feed. Mr. Reister carried insurance to the amount of $1,000 onthe barn, which was valued at ?1,-500.Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanThe pearl is the only gem thatdoes not require the lapidary's artto bring out its beauty.oA school to teach the arts, sciences and agriculture is plamnfed forIquitos by",the-Peruvian GoxerMMmt..- Vj money. lu. t